THE ROYAL EXCHANGE.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that the
papers relating to the rebuilding of the Royal Eichange be
referred to the committee on metropolis improvements.
Mr. PRAED said he must oppose the motion unless some
satisfactory reasons were urged for the adoption of such a
course.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER consented to defer
the motion until Monday.

EVIDENCE AT THE BAR.

Mr. HINDLEY'S motion regarding cases where evidence
had been heard at the bar, was postponed tilt Monday, when
he will, agreeably to the suggestion of the Speaker, move for
a committee to search for precedents.
Mr. HUME moved. for various papers regarding Canada,
but

"An Hon.,lVlENimm" observing that there were not 40
members present, the house was counted, and " counted
out."

MISCELLANEOUS.

The National Convention of the Working Classes is still it
being—but its proceedings are merely ridiculous.

Ministers have announced their intention to introduce be-
fore the Easter recess, a bill to remedy the grievances of our
Canadian fellow subjects.
The Queen has been pleased to appoint Colonel Sir Henry
George Macleod to be Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of
Trinidad.

The President of the United States has officially recog-
nised an appointment by the Texian Government of a consul
in a port of the United States.

A. letter from. Rome states that the eruption of Mount
Vesuvius continues, and that on the Bth instant it was more
than usually violent.
KING'S COLLEGE, LONDON.—The Rev. John Lonsdale,
8.D., has been appointed Principal of the College, in the
room of the late Rev. Hugh James Rose.
It is said that Mr. Vsicaulay, a writer of milk and water
sort of articles for tlux-4.dinburgh Review, is about to enter
the Cabinet, though frivhat capacity is not known.
Mr. Sergeant Talfourd has been appointed a Queen's Ser-
geant. He would have made a better judge than Mr.
Maule—his ractice at the bar is much larger and his talents
eminently superior.
It is stated that Mr: Cuthbert Rippon, M.P. for Gates-
head, intends' to resign, and that Mr. Hutt, M.P. for Hull,
will be introduced to the electors, in the event of a dissolu-
tion, as candidate for that borough.
The recruiting for the army was very successful during the
past year, thirteen thousand men having been raised, and
joined their regiments or depots in 1838. Recruiting is still
going on very briskly.

-
Sir Francis Head has announced, in a published letter to
Lord Melbourne, his intention of laying before the public a
vindication of his proceedings in Upper. Canada.
CONVERTS FROM JUDAISM.—Mr. Newness, a celebrated
merchant of the Jewish persuasion, and his family, have re-
cently embraced the Christian faith, and have been baptized
by the Rev. Mr. Melville. *The event is said to have pro-
duced a great sensation among the members of Jewish faith.
—Evening paper.
Let reformers have but a little more patience, and we
pledge ourselves that an administration will be constructed,
and presented to the country, which will elicit one universal
shout of gratitude and gladness from the friends of liberal
principles throughout the world.—Morning Advertiser, Whig
Radical paper.
EMPEROR OF RUSSIA.—By command of the Emperor of
Russia a diamond ring has been sent to Allan Stevenson, Esq.,
civil engineer. The ring is valued at upwards of 100 guineas,
and was presented by his Excellency Count Pozzo di Borgo,
through Admiral Sir Charles Adam, M.P.--Edinburghpaper.
An orange of an extraordinary size has been lately gathered
in a stove, the property of Mrs. Haigh, Whitwell Hall, under
the management of Mr. Goodwill, gardener. It measures
13 inches in circumference, and weighs 12 ounces, which shows,
by proper management, to what perfection oranges can be
grown in England.—Leeds Intelligencer.

In Lord Brougham's bill brought into the House of Lords
for the better regulation of beer-bibbing, it is proposed to be
enacted that " any person may, without any license what-
ever, sell by retail any beer, ale, porter, cider, or perry, in
any shop or house, provided the said liquors shall not be
consumed on the premises.
Lord Melbourne has at length given the seat on the Ex-
chequer Bench, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Baron
Bolland, to Mr. Maule, a thick and thin supporter of his
government. The learned gentleman was " rung out" of
the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, this morning.

The appearance of the report of Lord Durham to the
Queen, on the state of our Northern American Colonies in
one of the London morning newspapers, is no longer a mat-
ter of mystery.—His lordship admits that he laid it before a
few friends, one of whom•must have " done the trick."

WHIG CONSISTENCY !-Dr. Lushington, as an ecclesiasti-
cal-court commissioner, recommends that in future no judge
of that court shall be capable of sitting in parliament ; yet
the same Dr. Lushington having now become judge of that
court, and having thereby vacated his seat, solicited the
electors of the Tower Hamlets to send him back to the place
where he himself says he ought not to be. r

LEEDS AND BRADFORD RAILWAY.—We understand, a
very satisfactory report has been received from George Ste-
venson, Esq.,
i the engineer, and that the provisional com-
mittee have, n consequence, determined to proceed in the
application to parliament. An account of the traffic between
the two towns has been taken, which leaves no doubt of the
success of the undertaking. A prospectus we believe will be
issued in the course of the ensuing week.—Leeds paper.
A YOUNG HUSBAND.—This is the name of a work by
Dr. Alcott, recently published;,by George W. Light. The
Boston Mercantile Journal tells a. good story in connexion
with the title. A lovely young damsel, with health blooln-
ing on her cheek, and hope sparkling in her eye, stepped
into a bookselling establishment a day or two since, and, ad-
dressing a handsome clerk behind the counter, said, " I
will thank you for a Young Husband,' sir ?" meaning, of
course, Dr. Alcott's late work. The clerk gazed for a
moment on the vision of loveliness which appeared before
him—then, laying his hand on his heart—making a low bow
—he gallantly replied, ." If you wish for a young husband, I
am at your service, Miss." The poor girl's blushes be-
trayed her confusion at this unexpected reply, but she
damped the ardour and hopes of the youthful aspirant to her
hand, by stammering out, " I—l—l—want one for my—
my—my brother, sir."—New York Mirror.
EXTRAORDINARY IMPOSITION.—Mary Cook, a young WO-
man whose countenance was greatly disfigured, was brought be-
fore Mr. Bennett and Burrell, at Hatton-garden Office, on
Wednesday, charged by Mr. Gay, one of the surgeons of the
Grenville-street Hospital, with having practised the following
extraordinary imposition :—Mr. Gay stated, that, some time
ago, the ,prisoner applied to the hospital for admission, with
the whole of her face disfigured in so shocking a manner that
every body who beheld her felt the utmost sympathy, and she
was immediately admitted and attended to, and in a short
time was cured and discharged from the hospital. In the
course of a short time, however, she returned with her face
in the same state, and she was again admitted, and, being
again cured, she was discharged. In a few days afterwards,
she made another application, and her face exhibited the same
frightful appearance. The whole of the doctors were amazed
at so extraordinary a case, and could not account for it, as
the prisoner said it came suddenly upon her. She was again
cured and discharged, but she made her appearance the fourth
time, in the same woful condition, and was again admitted.
Witness, however, had an interview with the physician of St.
Bartholomew's Hospital, and on mentioning- the case to him,
he informed witness, that the prisoner had been in that hos-
pital under similar circumstances, and he had no doubt that
it was an imposition practised by her, ana she had some
means of giving her face the frightful appearance which it
bore. Witness determined to make rigid inquiries, and, on
searching a bag, which she had in the ward, he found some
blistering salve, a powder of an irritating quality, which if
rubbed on the flesh, would cause the appearance of blisters and
inflam*ation such as her face now exhibited. Witness had
no doubt that she had practised the imposition upon, and had
been in, all the hospitals in London. Mr. Benett : How can
you prove that she applied the stuff to her face ? Mr. Gay :
I cannot prove it, but the probability is, that she did so. I
have no doubt of it. Mr. Benett : Unless you can swear
that she did apply it, we cannot commit her to the House of
Correction. There must be direct proof of the fact. Mr. Gay
said, that the evidence of finding the stuff iu her possession
was all he could produce. The prisoner was discharged.

The aggregate capital invested in land and agriculture, in
reference to the Corn-Law question, is proved to be nearly
ten times the amount of money invested in manufacture.

A branch railway is contemplated from the London and
Birmingham Railway at Coventry to Warwick and Learning.

LEVEES.—The ' Gazette' states that the Queen will hold
levees at St James's, on the 20th inst., and on the 6th of
March.

James Hugh Smith Barry, Esq. of Foaty, at present re-
sident at Marbury Hall, Cheshire, has declined the office of
high sheriff in the county of Cork, for the ensuing year.
In consequence of the high price of flour, or probably mak-
ing that an excuse for depredations, the country farmers and
others are at this time very considerable sufferers, in conse-
quence of their potatoe hogs being broken, into during the

night by thieves.
The Tithe Commutation Act 6 and 7 Wm. IV. c. 71, was
expressly framed and passed by the Legislature, upon the
basis of the graduated scale of duties which regulated the
importation of corn, and upon the faith that no violent or
inconsiderate change should take place therein.

It is one of the unfortunate signs of the times that we see
so many persons of known immoral character selected for
office. To particularize might not be prudent ; but every
one's experience can pot out the instances, and confirm the
truth of the remark.

THE CORN LAW QUESTION.—We copy the following
useful hint from the Staffordshire Gazette:—" It is a sin-
gular circumstance, and one that has not been noticed (so
far as we are -aware) by other advocates of the existing corn-
laws, that so long ago as the reign of Edward VI. the very
evil existed which is now sought to be introduced ! In book
2d of Bishop Burnet's History of the Reformation, anno
1549, it is recorded that ' at this time a sort of contagion of
rage run over all the Commons of England. The nobility
and gentry finding mote advantage by the trade of wool,
than by their corn, did generally inclose their grounds, and
turn them to pasture ; and so kept but feiv servants, and
took large portions of their estates into their own hands,'
[as is now recommended by the Globe and other anti-corn-
law and inconsiderate journals,] ' and yet the numbers of
the people increased. So the Commons feared to be reduced
to great slavery [and well they might—and well they may].
Some people proposed an agrarian law for regulating this ;
andsthe King himself wrote a discourse about it.' The mis-
chief done by the landowners turning their lands into pasture
was so great and extensive, that the people rose in tumults
throughout the kingdom. The rebellion in Devonshire,
headed by Arundell, and that got up by Ket the tanner, in
Norfolk, whose standard was in a few days 'crowded with
20,000 unemployed peasants, were chiefly to be attributed to
this unfortunate cause. And yet, with the evidence of his-
tory and of common sense before our eyes, we are preparing
to introduce again this crying evil ! If we do—mark ! ye
anti-corn-law associates !—the consequences will and must
be the same."

WHO ARE THE ANTI-CORN LAW AGITATORS?—The
question is easily answered. They are the same unprincipled
men that set on foot the Reform Agitation of 1831--esta-
blished the Radical Political Union—and convulsed the coun-

try—merely to force through their revolutionary measures,
and secure themselves in power. They are no other than the
Ministers and their hireling agents and instruments. In
Marylebone the ostensible agitator is Hovenden, a paid
underling of the government ; and in Stroud the ministerial
delegate is " Ginger Symon," an assistant hand-loom com-
missioner. Already, as in the case with the Brummagem
brick-bat and bludgeon men, in the days of Reform mania,
we have Lord John Russell in active correspondence with
the very leaders of the anti-corn law clubs, as we shall soon
see the rest of the cabinet clique flourishing their grey goose
quills in the same mischievous cause.
PROTESTANT MUNIFICENCE.—WitIi feelings both of
pride and pleasure, we are enabled to lay before our numerous
Conservative readers one of the most splendid statements of
Protestant munificence on record in the history of Ireland.
On the day of the great meeting in the town of Belfast, held
for the purpose of devising means for the further extension
of church accommodation throughout Ireland, the following
sums were instantly subscribed, which sums, it will be su-
perfluous to add, will be increased fifty fold ere the sub-
scription list has travelled through the two Protestant coun-
ties of Antrim and Down :—The Marquis of Hertford,
£l,OOO ; Marquis of Donegal, £3OO ; Lord Dufferin, £2OO ;
Lord Dungannon, £lOO ; Lord Bishop of Down and Connor,
£lOO ; Sir Robert Bateson, M.P., £3OO ; Samuel Fenton,
£3OO ; Colonel Ward, £lOO ; Geo. Langtry, £lOO ; James
Goddart, £lOO • William Traynor, £lOO ; Anonymous, £lOO ;
Rev. Mr. Bland, £lOO ; Rev. John Chaurie, £lOO ; J.
Gaussen, £lOO ; J. Crosby, £lOO ; J. Shannon, £lOO ; John
Tanley, £2OO ; Robert Thompson, £360 ; Captain Boyd,
£lOO ; Samuel Nelson, £lOO ; exclusive of £1,200 in minor
sums, the particulars of which we have not space to enu-
merate, constituting a grand total of £4,900. Let Protestant
Ulster put forth her gigantic means, in men and money,
therein a good cause, what shall withstand her mighty ener-
gies.—.Drogheda Conservative.
THE HIGH PRICE OF WHEAT.—The government, it is
stated, are at this time taking to ascertain the fact,
whether the late rise in the pri; ,•f • ',eat has or has not
been occasioned by a deficiency , ,t crop. The inquiry
is entrusted to the commissions: ,united under the great
seal, in September, 1837, for " b iuiring into the condition
of the unemployed hand-loom weavers in the United King-
dom."

DECLINE OF OUR MANUFACTURES !—ln reference to the
anti-corn law clamour, a letter from Salford says—" In tra-
velling through the manufacturing districts, you meet with
new factories rising up every half mile on the road. I counted
fifteen yesterday morning in the course of a short ride. After
this, you will be slow to believe that we are ruined by the
corn laws."

EMPLOYED POPULATION.—In the United Kingdom there

are absolutely dependent upon agriculture, 1,198,060 families
neuter class, dependingupon agriculture and domestic manu
mncture, 657,350: together, 1,855,350. In home manufac

tures, 1,054,000; manufacturers for exportation, 527,000;
neuter class, depending upon foreign or exporting manufac-
tures, 52,750: together, 586,750. Thus, nearly half a mil-
lion of families more are employed and actually maintained
by agriculture than by both home and foreign manufactures !
Which then has the prior claim, on the population claim ?

TRANSLATION OF THE SCRIPTURES, &C.—The Society
for Promoting Christian Knowledge has effected translations
of the Liturgy into Dutch, Spanish, Modern Greek, and
Arabic, and has succeeded in procuring a Sclavonic transla-
tion of it by an ecclesiastic of high rank in the Russian Church.
Versions of the Holy. Scriptures in Spanish and French, with
marginal readings and references, are in progress. The
society expects to be shortly enabled to put forth a new Arabic
translation of the Bible, through the assistance of the Rev.
C. F. Schlienz, who is now on a visit to Egypt and Syria,
collecting materials for the work, and endeavouring to ascer-
tain the disposition of the Egyptians towards its reception.
FEMALE SLAVERY.—SHIRT AND STAY-MAKING.—An
enormous quantity of these articles are made in the two
parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea,, to the manifest detri-
ment of the poor-rates and the morals of the females em-
ployed, and which detriment and demoralisation arise from
the infamous and unjustly low prices given for the work per-
formed. The best workers cannot obtain 2s. a week, though
they work early and late, and the fact will scarcely be cre-
dited, that a dozen of seamen's shirts are made for 10d. ;
and even this price has been known to be withheld on the
allegement that the work is bad ! A better article, called
yacht shirts, with full bosoms and stitched collars and cuffs,
are made for 2s. 4d. per dozen. At these prices the wretched
females cannot earn more than 2d. a-day.—Hampshire Te-
legraph.
MEETING OF AGRICULTURISTS AT GOOLE, YORKSHIRE.
—On Wednesday a public meeting was held in the large
room at Mr. Chattam s, the Lowther Hotel, Goole, for the
purpose of agreeing upon a petition to parliament against
any alteration of the corn-laws, in order to counteract the
attempt intended to be made in the present session of par-
liament, from the manufacturing districts, for a repeal of
those laws, and to avert the distress and ruin to agriculture
and the poor, consequent upon a free trade in corn. There
was a numerous and respectable attendance, the room being
nearly filled with gentlemen, substantial farmers, and honest
yeomen. Ralph Creyke, Esq., of Rawcliffe Hall, was called
to the chair. The question was very ably discussed, both on
the part of the farmers and manufacturers ; but the resolu-
tions proposed against any alteration of the present corn-
laws were all carried.
THE NOTTINGHAM WORKING MEN'S (RADICAL) As-
ROCIATION AND MR. STEVENS.—At a meeting of this as-
sociation held last week, after strongly censuring the conduct
of O'Connell, the following address was unanimously agreed
to : it is rather stiff in its way :—" Address to Messrs.
O'Connor,_ Stephens, and Oastler—Honoured and beloved
friends,—Your undaunted and magnanimous efforts to snatch
virtuous industry from the claws of fiendish oppression had
won our admiration and respect antecedently to the recent
attempt at immolation by the bloodhounds of corruption ;
but that evil attempt to banish virtue, and thereby to frus-
trate our exertions to obtain our political emancipation has
more closely wedded us to your persons and principles. Our
lives, our all, are yours. O'Connor, we love you. Ste-
phens, we love you. 'Oastler, we love you. Persecution,
we defy thee. Tyranny, we loathe thee. Death, we don't
fear thee. Liberty, we love, and will have thee. Patriotic
sirs, accept of these sincere, though succinct expressions of
our feelings, and rest assured, if the oppressors of humanity
goad us to the alternative of death or liberty, we shall be
found in the ranks of those who are determined to die free-
men rather than live slaves. (Signed on behalf of the asso-
ciation) WILLIAM BURDEN, Secretary."
COACH ACCIDENT, AND NARROW ESCAPE OF LORD
STomuoNT.Saturday night an accident, which, but for
fortunate circumstances, might have been attended with
very serious consequences, occurred to Lord Stormont,
M.P. for Perthshire. His lordship, while posting in a
chaise and pair from Scone Palace to the south, left Kin-
ross with a pair of fresh horses. On arriving at Crossgates,
half-way to Queensferry, the post-boy, thinking that his
horses were tired, replaced them by a pair of small horses
stabled in that place. These horses were fiery, and being
restive, the pole of the coach broke going down a hill near
Inverkeithing, when the post-boy lost all management of the
chaise. Perceiving his danger, the post-boy leaped among
the snow and escaped unhurt. Lord Stormont was left in;
side the coach, which was dragged forward at a tremendous
rate by the horses. His situation was in the highest degree
perilous, but with great presence of mind he opened the
chaise door, and jumped out on the road. Most fortunately
he fell where the snow was pretty deep and escaped unhurt.
This was within three-quarters of a mile of Queensferry.
It came up to the door of Mitchell's the moment before
the horses were brought out to be to the mail-coach,
then waiting the arrival of the boat from the south.
So dreadful was the collision, .uat both coaches were
smashed in pieces, one of the horses was killed on the
spot, and the other was severely injured in consequence of a
portion of the pole having run into its flank. Lord Stor-
mont and the post-boy arrived at Queensferry before the
mail started for the north by the Defiance coach, which the
guard took for the journey.—Caledonian Mercury.
EXTRAORDINARY AND NOVEL EFFECT OF THE NEW
POOR-LAW AMENDMENT BILL !—THE RELIEVING AND
COLLECTING OFFICERS THENSELVES RELIEVED !—The
relieving and collecting officers of the Ormskirk Union have
lately been engaged in examining the state of the paupers in
the neighbourhood of Southport, when, on Tuesday last, a
circumstance of a singular and novel nature occurred. They
were in the cottage of a poor old dame at Churchtown, ex-
pressing their gratification at seeing her house so clean and
comfortable, when the old matron placed before each of her
visitors a pancake, which was readily accepted, and as speedily
bolted. They thanked her for such unexpected kindness, on
which she expressed her sorrow for not being able (from her
poor scanty allowance) to procure them a glass of wine also.
—Wigan Gazette.
CHESTER RACE-COURSE.—The town-councillors of the
city of Chester have agreed to let a plot of land between the
grand stand and the distance chair on the race-course at the
Roodeye, on a lease for three lives at £2O a-year, for the
purpose of erecting secondary stands.
PanSPERITY OF CHESTER.—The proprietors in the Ches-
ter and Crewe Railway have been authorised by the town-
council of the " ancient citye" to erect docks on the river
Dee. It was stated by some of the councillors, and denied
by none, that £5OO could not be raised in the city for that
purpose. The corporation, of course, had neither funds nor
spirit sufficient for the undertaking.

The Earl of Derby, we regret to state, continues an invalid
at Knowsley. His lordship is able to use his right hand, and
daily franks letters, but he writes unsteadily and with some
difficulty. Lady Charlotte Penrhyn has arrived, on a visit
to the noble lord, froni East Sheen, Surrey. The Hon.
Captain and Mrs. Stanley have left for town. His lordship,
if sufficiently recovered, will leave for town next month, to
be invested with the order of the Garter.

Earl kitzwilliam has published'a third address to the land-
owners on the subject of the corn laws.
The grandson of the celebrated Chaptal, and only heir of
the name, has just perished before Vera Cruz.
There . is no truth in the statement of any intention to
create an additional Court of Chancery.
It is reported that Mr. Sergeant Talfourd will be raised to
the degree of Queen's Sergeant.
The will of the late lamented Earl of Norbttry was proved
last week : the legacy duty amounted to £1,450.
The Spectator says—" The delegates of the National Con-
vention assemble in the room of the Lumber Troop, Bolt
Court."

" I say, Tom, don't you think this snow will go off soon ?"
" Yes, I think it quite likely, for you see it's already on the
road."

Lord Suffield has purchased the celebrated steeple-chase
horse Cetus, for the approaching steeple-chase at Liverpool.
His lordship is said to have given £5OO for that fine animal.
The subscriptions in Glasgow for Miss Grace Darling
amount to £lOO, and this sum has been lodged in her name
with Sir R. C. Glyn and Co., bankers, in London.
Said a purchaser to a horse-dealer, " Is that animal sure-
footed ?" " Perfectly," replied the jockey ; " when he puts
his foot down, you would think he never was going to take it
nil again."
The new Persian envoy, Hussein Pacha, who is now en
route to town from Marseilles, is said to be the bearer of 50
Cashmere shawls, of exquisite workmanship, as a present
from the Schah to her Majesty Queen Victoria.
Mr. John Cook, of Sandy-hill, Staveley, has at present a
sow which has pigged the extraordinary number of -92, in
five successive litters, namely, first litter, 17; second, 14;
third, 22 ; fourth, 18 ; fifth, 21.
A teetotaller in Hexham, during the late inclement wea-
ther, has distributed among the most destitute poor upwards
of 120 pokes of coals, and says it has afforded him more
pleasure than ever he derived from the use of intoxicating
liquors, and he would persuade others to partake of the
luxury.
The Duke of Wellington has accepted the invitation given
him from the Cinque Ports, to dine with the inhabitants re-
sident within the jurisdiction. His Grace has suggested
August as being the most favourable month, and likely to
suit all parties best. Lord Winchilsea will preside.
A harbour of refuge, on the plan of Admiral Sir T. Baker,
is in contemplation at Deal. A harbour of this description
would be of great benefit to the shipping interest, as well as
to the town.—Kentish Gazette.
Letters which pass through the French 'post-office from
England, written on Bath post paper, and sealed with wax,
have lately been charged double, and in many instances treble
postage, only one-eighth of an ounce being allowed for a
single letter.
Lord Petre, who has for many years kept up a liberal hunt-
ing establishment in Essex, is about to break it up, and the
Thorndon hounds, so highly p?aised by the sportsmen of that "-
county, will be sold.
The petition of the Newcastle chartists, according to a
London paper, has been taken to town by a delegate, with
35,000 signatures attached, i. e. about 20,000 signatures over
and above the whole adult male population of the town ! I
Gateshead Observer.
The spirit of moral improvement is daily gaining strength;
in Paris. Insurances against the casualties of life, savings
banks, infants' schools, and other useful or philanthropic in-
stitutions, are all making progress, and some of them with
great rapidity.
EXTRAORDINARY SHEET OF PAPER. —There was sent
from the paper manufactory belonging to Messrs. A. Cowan
and Sons at Colinton, last week, a single sheet of paper,
weighing 5531b5., and upwards of a mile and a half in length ;
the breadth was only fifty inches. Were a ream of paper
composed of similar sheets made, it would weigh 266,5001b5.,
or upwards of 123 tons.
The Mussulman population of Constantine was recently
thrown into the utmost confusion. The Rabbi of the Jews,
having drunk rather copiously, entered a mosque, blasphemed
the holy name of Mahomet, tore leaves out of the book of
the Koran, and committed a nuisance in the temple. The
Moors loudly demanded the decapitation of the sacrilegious
offender, who, it was thought, would get off with a bastinado,
or a fine and imprisonment.
The Gazette contains an order in council, directing that
on the next vacancy, the bishoprics of St. Asaph and Ban-
gor should be united, and that the income shall amount to
the annual sum of £5,200. On the occurrence of this event
the new bishopric of Manchester is to be erected, the diocese
of which is to be composed of the whole county of Lancas-
ter, at present in the diocese of Chester, with the exception
of the deanery of Furness and Cartmel.
Some three or four weeks since it was announced that
Messrs. Newell and Sons, of Dewsbury, had agreed with the
Manchester, Birmingham, and London Railway Company,
to complete a viaduct across the river Dane and valley, at
Congleton, for £llO,OOO. Messrs. Newell having, however,
neglected or refused to sign legal documents for the due per-
formance of the contract, the job was relet on Thursday '
last, to Messrs. Bleakleys, stone-masons, Manchester, for
£112,991. Thus the company will suffer a loss of £3OOO by
the defalcation of the first contractor.
FRIGHTFUL DEATH BY MACHINERY. A few days ago
a lad employed in the cotton-mill of Mr. Apelles Howard,
Manchester, came by his death in the most frightful manner.
His apron is supposed' to have been caught by an upright
shaft resolving at great speed, and only seven inches from the
wall. All his clothes, with the exception of shirt and stock-
ings, were torn off ; his head was scalped ; his lower jaw was
fractured, and his tongue dreadfully lacerated. There were
compound fractures in both arms, near the shoulder ; both
of his thighs also sustained compound fractures in the mid-
dle ; as well as simple fractures in his left arm and right leg.
His death was of course instantaneous.
PRIZE FlGHT.—Another of these disgusting affairs took
place on Tuesday last, at Oxley, about 25 miles from Bir-
mingham. The champions on this occasion being Deaf
Burke and Bendigo, the former attended by Molineux and
Curtis, and the latter by Peter Taylor and Caunt. The
Stakes were £l2O on the part of Burke, to £lOO on the part
of Bendigo, which was won by the latter, after some dreadful
bruising on both sides, in 15 rounds. • The battle was fought
in 47 minutes. A great number of blackguards, high and
low, were present witnessing this interesting exhibition, some
of whom would have acted more consistently if they had
been seated in their places in the House of Lords and Com-
mons.
One thing is characteristic and instructive—the arrange-
ments for Lord Glenelg's sacrifice were delayed to the very day
of the meeting of Parliament. Lord Glenelg was held a suffi-
cient Secretary up to the moment when Ministers were to be
wcahllieledtuhpe eroninttoaecsctsount for his and their acts ; in other words,
of the empire alone were concerned, any
Colonial Minister was good enough ; but when the Cabinet
had its own selfish battle to fight in Parliament, a more effici-
ent man than Dord Glenelg must be found. The Ex-Secre-
tary's statement implies that a change to some extent is con-
templated, and Lord Duncannon is said to be tottering ; this
is not improbable, for it may be remembered that the Noble
Lord's son lately gave great offence to Mr. O'Connell.--
Standard.
TEE CORN LAW AGITATION.—We are glad to observe,
that the county of Nottingham is awake to the importance of
making a movement to counteract the mischievous agitation
of the corn-law abolitionists. On Wednesday, a meeting Of
landowners, farmers, and others, was held at Worksop ; an-
other is to t'eke place on Saturday, at Retford; and a third is
convened by the high sheriff, to be holden at Newark, on
Wednesday, for the purpose of adopting petitions to parlia-
ment in favor of the present system of corn laws. A similar
meeting will be held at 011erton, on Friday. The committee
of the Nottinghamshire Agricultural Association will al°
assemble, on Saturday, at the the George the Fourth Inn, in
this town, to carry into effect a similar resolution. Meetings,
of a like haracter, we observe are holding in various parts of
the country, for the protection of the farming interest.--
Nottingham Journal. The landowners, bankers, tradesmen;
and other inhabitants of the city of Lichfield, have petitioned
against any alteration of the corn laws.
APPREHENDED Loss. OF THE SHIP MADRAS.—The
disastrous effects of the tremendous hurricane of the 6th ult.,
are still every day developing themselves, and its devastations
appear to have been dreadful. A sealed bottle, containing 3
note, of which the following is a copy, has been cast ashore
on Fermole strand, (Bandon Bay,) on the 31st ult. The
bottle was found by Mr. Dyer, chief officer of coast guards, °O
the Brandon-station:—" Ship Madras, 13th January, 1839.1
Ship Madras, approaching the Shannon—full of water, an,tt
in great distress ; beseech God to send us in safety. (Sign.
°1
T. A. WATSON."—A copy of the melancholy communication
above stated has been received at the Limerick Chamber of
Commerce from Francis Page, Esq., agent for Lloyd's, wht'
argues the possibility of relieving the Madras, or at at all
events' of saving the crew by sending a vessel from this port;
we should suppose, however, that the vessel must have long
since gone down, with in all likelihood, every soul on boar
seeing that she was " full of water " on the 13th ult., an
nothing having been heard of her since. A vast quantity 0
timber and lathwood have come on shore, all along from the
sounds of the Blaskets of Brandon Bay and the mouth of the
Shannon.—Limerick Paper. - I
SYMPTOMS OF A SPLIT.—We are sorry to learn from the
observations of Mr. Weir, at the meeting of the Corn 1431;
Delegates yesterday, that some underhand whispers have been
circulated to the prejudice of the cause. We presume .that
those whispers have originated amongst the delegates then):
selves. The strong language used by some of the Deputies
assures us that all are not insensible to their high calling, only
the swift and just punishment of Mr. Wood was propel !I
referred to, as a warning against wavering and doubting
whether there may not, by remote possibility, be something
advantageous and hallowed in plunder. We were not paill,;
cularly well pleased with the proceedings of the meeting t'y,
day before yesterday, and the proposal of a communicatie,
with the landowners ,made by a brother of the deceased 1)1,
of Buckingham, uncle of the present Duke,-and the Dele.ale
of Marylebone, rich in the expenditure of Government, scarecj,
having a common cause with the suffering Nottingh7o
stocking manufacturers and the Manchester weavers, ga,„,
rise to some suspicions which we should have wished never !,
have been awakened. What interest has- Lord Nugent 10
this important question that he should have been selected 0
the Delegate of Marylebone ? We must tell the Delegate„,,
while we admire their spirit, their determination, their lo o"0
ing to the future, that they have not congregated in Lon a",
to make long speeches, or constitute a forum where itinerlir
orators and aspirant Members of Parliament may win tot
way to public notoriety. Business, real business, and 0°
rivalry of the do-nothing House of Commons, in flashy
tions, is expected of the Delegates.—Sun, Radical Paper'
ee'
BONDED WAREHOUSES.—A meeting of the coin,Wt-t
•,,g
appointed at a public meeting held, last year, for prociio,
an extension of the system of bonding goods to this toooi,
was held yesterday, at the Town-hall, to receive a cominn,hitt
cation from Mr. Poulett Thomson, in which he stated, !.00,
it was his intention, at an early period of the present ses'i to
to bring in a bill for extending the privilege in questi°°oo
Manchester and other large towns. After some discuss ip
amongst the committee, it was resolved, that a petitio?tor
favour of the measure should be prepared and submitted 'Ol
signature by the merchants, manufacturers, and traders
the town and neighbourhood. Manchester Guardian. the
WESLEYAN CENTENARY FUND.—OnFriday evening' el.
Bth inst. a meeting was held in Grosvenor-street Chaeob.
Chorlton-on-Medlock, for the purpose of promoting the:ter
jects of the Wesleyan Centenary Fund for the Manehribe
third circuit, (Oxford-road, &c.) James Wood,
general treasurer, was called to the chair ; and after oneo,
the business of the meeting, called upon the Rev.—Fell" _.„ois
the secretary, to read the amount of subscriptions f 0!,., f.
circuit, amongst which we noticed the following : j.1‘25
Bunting, Esq., £514 10s. ; G. R. Chappell, Esq., '''putt
10s. ; John Fernley, Esq., £7OO. ; Jas. Fernley, Es(l"t;s4.'
hall, £605; John Marsden, Esq., £420 ; John Mayson,
£252; James Wood, Esq., £1270 10s. ; Dr. Woodtvest'
15s. ; Joshua Westhead, Esq., £7OB 10s. ; Edward
%vita
head, Esq., £640 10s. ; Samuel Brooks, Esq., tl°° i..cait'
other smaller sums, making altogether, for this ciAesto•
£10,620, and the general fund, £lso,ooo.—Manc
Courier.
MORE COMFORT FOR THE ANTI-CORN LAW r n
Ea.rig
A letter was received in town on Friday week from the
_ovetit
tish consul at Venice, stating that the Austrian goverr„.ooo
had deemed it necessary to prohibit the exportation or,
from Lombardy; whether, however, Trieste is inelneleetiofe
this prohibition, or whetheer it applies only to the
ports, was not clearly stated : should the former be the the
it would materially decrease the expected supplies fro have
south of Europe, as some rather extensive contras time
been entered into at Trieste for British account, the niiee
shipment being fixed for February, March, and April°, '',uol!,
it would, under these circumstances, be impossible. t rove
but if the Venetian ports only are concerned, it will l!'„5,
comparatively little consequence.—Mark Lane Express

TRE
THE Ti
every
(luring the
`Applied
Ing the Del
el
oa Tuesdal

CHES
TILE
thel
—eD
P .1
reß(lrrosol
trre
les. than c
Pang's Bon
than three
of Fire pet
The Ten
Lt
t°.
rerpool the Coti

LIB
Pron
STRAIN
other Pe
overtiowi
Ftecssant
-na.nehe
hundred:
adiniSSlo
acquaint
taininent
BENEF
initted.
THIS PI
produ,
Peculiar A 1
racteristics.

With
Gen

Mr. Jonatl

To which(

To cai
conclu
Corr

()
Clod Mi

Po]
Tickets
street ; or
4ch day 1
Ll'

First night
here, ea
/eta of
AND ju
Dowlin
the Li
kiie rig
I3allet
which 3
Tear.
EE
V. neartheELe
T H

To whic]

Tom N
Mr.
To which

T Ariadn
° c'Onclu

:4aster IZa

Tickets
told of xi
Eleven t'l
Loxes,iPast Eigt
Gallery-
ance to;

4 copy
to eacl,
from
in like
disconi

`'wing to
this dal
curtail"
night n
articles

TE

The
v That
tnose t
tress ar
Thai
tirisuBPlausil
the jet,
tWeeu
ruin°,
versiv<
be des

nation
Tha
and tk
ritituti
People
ThE
protec
which
and h
is fur
I'h
prosp

en
ed
to

o a
ith
ver
!--

ver,
yer-
day
for
) by

serve
ce of
atioo
rig of

the
aP
Le our
le the
;414
Love,
0115
Cp.
r.
CO
P°

595
h
ret
Nester

1: I'RE PRESENT PARLIAMENTARY SESSION.
REeveTr
. IME.S.—Arrangements have been made to receive
Ares 'in Liverpool the LATEST EDITIONS
u_l4l/!F theent parliamentry session. No person can be
!,131)111ed with the TIMES unless the orders are previously
given A •
. zkPPICatiOnS to he made to the agent,
N.8....41-i. T. GASKILL, 45, Lord-street, Liverpool.
~ .. ersons wishing for copies of the TIMES, contain-
longit,lie Debate on Mr. Villiers' Motion on the Corn Laws,
nesdaY next, must • e immediate orders.
-----_____ give

TcHESTER AND BIRKENHEAD RAILWAY.
HE Directors .of this Company, in conformity 'with a
the
vsßesolution of the last Half-yearly General Meeting of
‘yt,hsai3noOnduse,
r„froPrietors, HEREBY GIVE NOTICE, that they are
lien'"Y to receive TENDERS for LOANS, in Sums of not
Thousand Pounds, to be secured by the Corn-
toirttlltlhree for any term not exceeding five years, nor less
years ; Interest to be paid Half-yearly, at the rate
The
Per Cent. per Annum.
1. Tenders to be addressed to Mr. JAMES, the Treasurer
~ the Company, at the Railway-office, 24, Fenwiek-street,
iverp°ol, from whom further information may be obtained.
-------___ ' WM. DIXON, Chairman.

it, LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.
94*-- Prom the tarnation kind manner " TARNATION
ST
hrterAlslGE, or MORE JOYATHANS," together with the
°t. Performances, were received last Night by a House
°lel-flowing in every part ; the rapturous applause and in-
`,-e.Ssant roars of laughter, which were positively heard in
‘ulanchester and Cheshire ; and the disappointment of
ndredswho tried tarnation hard, but could not obtain
Admission
,—Mr. J. HAMMOND begs respectfully to
nivaint his Friends and the Public, that the same Enter-
Iltrnents will be REPEATED this Evening for his
mrtNEFIT, when all outstanding Tickets will be ad-
Tted.
HIS
Present TUESDAY, February 19th, 1839, will be
pecuraueed, for the second time, an entirely original and
peculiar Anglo-American Burletta of national humour, cha-
"‘cteristics and singularities, called
TARNATION' STRANGE;
With New
Music,Oit MORE. JONATHANS
General Po ,
phamScenery Dresses, and Decorations.
Mr. G. Cooke.
Mr. .' Cornet Winaleton.... Mr. J. Lee.
onathan Jonah Goliah Bang.... Mr. W. J. Hammond.
. (As originally acted by them in London.)
Which will be added, a new laughable Interlude, trans-
lated from the French, called
BAILIFFS AND BLUNDERS;

OR THE FANCY BALL.
T°
Capin O'Didimus Mr. Raymond.
conclude with (Second time) an entirely New, Serio-
C°lnic Vaudevilleic, Parodiacal Burletta, called
THE LADY OF THE LIONS ;
ciod °R, " CLOD, THE bEL
MS-
LOWMENDER."
MillßOt r. W. J. Hammond,
(His original character.)
11,e, Polly Chapel Mrs. Raymond.
street":ets to he had of Mr. W. J. HAMMOND, No. 56, Seel-
each .I'_°r of Mr. .1. FOGG, at the Box-office of the Theatre,
from Eleven till Three o'clock.

LIVER THEATRE, CHURCH-STREET.
BENEFIT OF
MRS. RAYMOND
tinv
-..DAY AND TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25 584 26.

night of the reßresentation of a new Drama, never acted
called THE YET OF THE PETTICOATS, or, The Con-
of St. Eloi. First of a new Comical-burlettical-
olnitsical-tragical-operatical tale of Montua, called ROMEO
bobidULIET, " as the law directs"—written by M. M. G.
t %ill, Esq., author of Othello Travestie, the Lady of
-'l°llst&ct., acted upwards of 70 successive nights, at
11:u new Strand Theatre, London. And a new classical
wl`u,: et of Action entitled BACCHUS AND ARIADNE, in
rra).eeacilr. M ad. Chevallier and Mr. and Mrs. Leclercq will
.11:11„E Evening's Entertainments will commence with a
of tCet Drains never acted here, as performed at several
THE-Ln 'Theatres with unexampled success, called
PET OF THE PETTICOATS,

Pa__, Or, THE CONVENT OF ST. ELOI.
pa_. ..... ..................... Mrs. Raymond.
Monsieur Zephyr.... Mr. W. J. Hammond.
To • Julia Mrs. Leclercq.
*lnch will be added a new laughable Interlude, called
T THE IRISH LION.
001 Moore Mr. Raymond.
T Mrs. Cerulea Piz' gig Mrs. Raymond.
° which will be added an entirely new Classical Ballet
Pantomime, entitled
BACCHUS AND ARIADNE.
Bacchus , Mr. Leclerq.
i__.
_ nadCupid
I.'"
0 ne Mrs. Leclercq.
couch, _
New

aide with (for the first time here) an entirely
Edition of the Mantuan Tale, to be called
ROMEO A,ND JULIET
Mlater Romeo " AS THE LAW DIRECTS."
Mr. W. J. Hammond.
Miss Juliet Mrs. Raymond.
lckets to be had of Mrs. RAYMOND • at the usual places;
El; of Mr. JOHN FOGG, at the Box-office, each day, from
ven till Three o'clock.
3s• • Pit, 2s. ; Gallery, 6d.—Second Price, Half-
ioxes, 25.; Pit, ls. No Second Price to the
toi'euerY.—Doors to be opened at Half-past Six. Perform-
e to commence at Seven precisely.
