SMALL NUMBER OF DISSENTING AGITATORS,

(From the Record.)
The fact is simply this—we repeat it from its importance—
that two or three Socinians and three or four political dissenters
of radical principles stimulate and direct the Red Cross Com-
mittee; and, again, these three or four political dissenters, with
the addition of two or three more of the same spirit, under the
name and sanction of "Thomas Wilson, Esq.," (whom we have
frequently described as a good man, and, though suspicious of
it, still not fully alive to the fact of his being made a mere tool
by them)—we say that these few individuals are carrying on the
same desperate political garne;and wielding the body Just as
they choose ! And, if the pious and moderate dissenters do not
rouse themselves from their thraldom, and deliver themselves
from so wretched and disreputable a slavery, they will act nei-
ther like men nor christians.

THE HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT.—The throne of the House
of Lords; which is exceedingly handsome, was. placed yester-
day on the platform in the house. The speaker's chair is also
very elegant, and both houses will be finished in the .course of
a few days. The apartments for the accommodation of the
members to dine and take refreshments extend partly over the,
courts of law.—London paper.
Kays.—The invention of keys is ascribed to the.Lacedemo-
nians. They were originally made of wool, and the earliest
form was a simple crook,•similar to the common picklock now
in use. The ancient keys now to be found irr the cabinets of
the curious are mostly of bronze. The late Francis Douce,
Esq. had some of remarkable shapes, the shaft terminating on
one side by the works, on the other by a ring. Keys of thiS
description were presented by husbands to wives, and were re-
turned again upon divorce or separation.
In the manuscript department of the King's library. at Paris,
a case, containing several interesting autographs, has much ex-
cited the attention of visitors. They are written in a•manu-
script Bible, on two pages at the end, as follows "This
Bible is ours, Charles, the Vth of our name, King of France.
It is in 11 volumes, and we caused it to be made. Signed
Charles."-2. "This Bible is ours, Henry, Illd of the name,
Kin of France and Poland. Signed Henry."-3. "This is
our Bible. Signed Louis XIII."-4. "This is our
Signed Louis XIV."—In another case are shown several MSS.
of Venelon, Corneille, Pere La Chaise, Madame de Maintenon,
Louis XIV., Turenne, Madame de Sevigni., Moliere, Bossuet,
Rousseau, &c. The bust of the Abb4 Barthelerui has been
placed in this part of the library..
Tho Board of Control in Cannon-row has been recently en-
larged. It is, we believe, a fart that the right hon. the ex-
president of the board, Mr. C. Grant, shortly before his retire-
ment from office, required from the directors an increased r.,oin
or the Board of Control. It is not generally known that the

nomination of Si; Rob?it Grant to the-governet-Leut of the presi-
dency of Bombay was carried in the court by a majority of three
ouly
THE EF,ECTIONS.—We have good reason to believe that the
elections have surpassed the most sanguine hopes of the govern-
ment. Much was expected, hut the reality has surpassed alt
an tic ipat ion.—Brightun Gazette.
_ _ _

In-the Court of Exchequer, Dublin, on Tuesday last, a, new
trial was granted in the trim. con. case of Hodgens v. illation,
in which a verdict for £3,000 was recently given for the plaintiff.
DRATH OF THE ItiGHT HON. JAMES FlTzGEumr.D.—Died
on Tuesday last, at his residence in Bouterstown, in the county
of Dublin, the Right lion. James Fitzgerald, at the advanced
age of b 3 years.
ourvr VEstivtus.—An eye witness thus describes the mag-
nitude of the late eruption of Vesuvius:—"The stream of lava
must have been a mile and a half broad, while its extent from
the crater was nine ►Hiles, with a depth of 30 feet; so that in-
stead or commencing with the base of the houses, it approached
and flm,ved over their roofs, entering the doors and windows till
the whOle were buried, the roofs first falling in with a loud
crash:"

THE CITY MEMBERS.—Of the four city members, two it ap-
pears are spectacle-makers, and a !hit(' a needle-Maker.. Of
course persons so qualified cannot fail to keep an eye upon the
interests of -their constituents; at all events the :pectacio-
makers can easily "get themselves glass eyes, and, like certain
politicians, seem to see" the things they cannot exactly make

CROPS IN ENGLAND.—The quanta)* of corn raised per acre
varies of course according to the soil. The produce of wheat at
some spots amounts to 6 quarters, but in others to only 11 guar- 1
ter per acre ; but 21 quarters for wheat, 4 for barley, ancdq for
oats may be coosidered a fair average. The average weight of
a bushel of good English wheat is about 581bs. ; in bad seasons
it does not exceed 56 or 57, but in good years it sometimes
weighs from 60 to 6'6. and in some places (Albs. The bushel
yields 431bs. of flour for standard wheaten bread; or 46Ibs. for
household bread. The culture'of rye and buck wheat in Eng-
land has of late years been very much diminished. The quantit.;
of hops raised is very fluctuating, but may be computed at au
annual average of 20,000,Milliti.
ORIGIN OF PIIMICIA NS TO THR KtNG.—The earliest mandate
or warrant for the attendance of a physician at court which the
writer has been able to discover is dated 33 Henry VI., a reign
fertile in the patronage which was afforded to
.practitioners in
Medicine; but in that reign no appointment existed which can
justly be called physician to the royal person. By this warrant
the King, with the consent of. his Privy Conned, deputed to
three physicians and Iwo surgeons the regulation of his diet, and
the administration of such medicines and remedies as might he
sufficient for his cure, without any allusion to the previous ex-
istence or permanency of the office, which they were authorised
for a time to fill, or to a remunetatiuti fur their en.vices.—Life
of Linacre.

TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 3, 1835,

We have advices from- Demerara to the 23d Decem-
ber. The Governor had sent circulars to twelve district
magistrates, requessting answers to certain questions
wlfich they contained., Eleven of these had been 1.e.!
turned and published. By them, it would appear that
the conduct of the apprentices; in the month of October,
had been more favourable than it was in September.
The only difficulty in the case is to ascertain the degree
of credibility which should be attached to information
emanating froM unfortunate gentlemen so immediately
under the control and entirely at the mercy of a Go-
vernor who is by no means the sweetest-tempered or
wisest personage in the world. We must confess
.e
have little or no confidence in it, particulary when we
see no allusion made to the quantity of walk performed
by the negroes, and when we also perceive those ofTh.-ial
statements challenged in the most open manner in that
able and independent paper the Guiana Chronicle. It
says, of date 22d December

" Taking it for granted, then, as we are upon this showing
justified in doing, that the state of the labouring population
prior to the period now reported on was so bad—that the health
of the patient was so dangerous that the prudent physician ab-
stained from issuing bulletins which must needs have alarmed
the healthful part of the community—that a report of the true
state of the matter would have been dangerous; now that it is
supposed that the patients are in a recovering way, forthwith we
are furnished with a true and particular' account, as they are
pleased to call them, of the state of affairs of eleven out of the
twelve judicial districts.
" Now, the very fact of suppressing the previous reports until the
critical moment when his excellency wanted their support must
naturally beget suspicions in the minds of the intelligent of the
truth or correctness of them. To see how far this is the case
becomes our next object. •
" In the fist place they are, even allowing them, as far as
they go, to be true, but the reports of one- magistrate in each
district; and when we reflect that that magistrate is, for the
most part, a stranger (as the generality of the stipendiaries are)
to the manners and customs of the negroes, is it not more than
probable that he, will be leas frequently applied to than the spe-
cial justice, who has been a resident for the greater part of his
life in this colony ? Now, of the cases brought before these
magistrates, no account whatev.or is taken in these reports; all
we there see is the same sing-song lesson running through all
the eleven different reports, and every ono speaking of peace
and contentment ainongst the negroes.
" Thus for instance, of district B. we have a flattering
description of the peace and good order reigning in that section
of the Colony, where it is stated that all is tranquillity except on
plantations Bachelor's Adventure and 'Paradise. In direct
contradiction to this, we refer the reader to Mr.. Whitlock's
letter, wherein it is averred • that on not one plantation in this
district hove the labourers performed anything like a proper
quantity of work.'
" In like manner district C. is favourably spoken of by the
stipendiary who presides over it. To contrast with that ac-
count, we subjoin the following document which has just been
handed to us, and say—

•
Look upon this picture, and on this.'
" ' An account of labour lost on plantations Little Diamond
and Prospect, since the let of August to the 30th of November,
in attending courts, and by confinement in the colony goal.
The labourers and their free progeny amounting together to
oue hundred and forty people :
August ........... 30 days.
September
October
• November

one hundred anti sixt-one 310 days labour lost, and
y guilders of gaol fees paid, and at
this moment one of the representatives of these properties stands
bail for the appearance (at the supreme court, to be held on the
12th of January, ensuing) of nine of the apprenticed' labourers
attached to the above estates, who were referred in the month
of November by the district sessions of district C., for mutinous
i and ncorrgible conduct.'
"Of district D. we spoke in our last, and then characterized
the report of that district as untrue. To prove that that opinion
is shared in with us by others of the community, who have had
good opportunities of tecoming acquainted with the actual 'state
of the country, we insert the following extract from a private
letter we received yesterday from a gentleman residing in that
district :
"` I cannot help being amused at your simplicity in attach-
ing any importance to the answers of the stipendiary magis-
trates, returned to the leading questions of his excellency, and
published by him in last Thursday's Gazette,. To us who live
in the country, and behind the scenes, all such humbug seems
unto ridiculous. His excellency, again and again, in his extra-
judicial, and I should suppose illegal, communications to the
st,pendiaries, first inculcates upon them the necessity of not in-
flicting punishment by the cat, except in the most extreme cases,
and then, as a test of the good behaviour of the apprentices, he
publishes the number of such pun ishin,nt only, and these, too,
of a singe magistrate in each di,trict, while the floggings by
the other two, three, or four magistrates, ate passed over in si-
lence. Surely the trickery of this is too apparent even to be-
guile a child. Look at our own district, for instance, which
has the happiness to be under the stipendiaryship of that upright,
just, and most impartial judge, captain Allen—in it, during last
month, we had no less than five or six (I forget which) magi,
