TO CORRESPONDENTS

The lines by "G.," and alsothe stanzas by "M.P.H.," in
our next.
"Musicus" is desirous of obtaining some information re-
specting the "Winter Concerts" which have been an-
nounced to take place in Liverpool. Perhaps some of our
correspondents can furnish an answer to the questions
"where are they to be held ?" and " under whose
auspices ?"
We are requested to contradict the account of the marriage
between Mr. D. M‘Leish and Miss Jones, which appeared
in a contemporary journal. It is a stupid hoax. We
wonder the perpetrator could find no better employment.

Vie tiberpool gl:tanDarb.

TUESDAY AIWIN_ING, JULY 31, 1838.

The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

CANADA.—By the arrival on Friday, of her Ma-
jesty's ship Hercules, at Plymouth, we have received
intelligence from Quebec direct to the 29th ultimo;
and the New York packet Pennsylvania, which ar-
rived at this port on Saturday, brings news to the 4th
instant from Montreal. The Montreal Herald of the
3d instant states, that Lord Durham " was actively
engaged in the preparation of measures which will,
as soon as possible, be embodied in ordinances of the
governor and special council relative to the jury and
bankrupt law, the judicial establishments and muni-
cipal institutions for the whole province, general
education, the establishment of registry offices, and
the equitable commutation of feudal tenures."
The correspondent of the London Standard gives
the following account of the most recent proceedings
in Canada :

" QUEBEC, JUNE 29, 1836.
"Sir,—l have just heard that the Hercules man-of-war is
to sail to-morrow for England. Two or three paltry out- 1
bursts have taken place within the last fortnight, which of I
themselves are not of any great importance, and do not in-
dicate much organisation or arrangement amongst the rebels. '
It appears to all well-informed persons here, that the whole
of the proceedings from the commencement can only he
considered formidable with reference to any part of them
which may have been promoted by the Americans. Taking
a very extensive view of the whole of the relations of the
Americans, both as it regards the integral strength of the
republic, and our own position, there can be no doubt but
that the possession of the Canadas, and the entire naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence, would he to them of the first im-
portance; and I have not the slightest doubt (notwithstand-
ing all they say, and some believe, to the contrary) is the
great end they have in view. It is difficult to believe that a
party in Canada, apparently now so insignificant, could have
proceeded so far as they have with no better materiel or
grounds for success. No,. the surly Yankee has felt his way
through the ignorant and excited Canadian, misled by
traitors in this, and arch-traitors in your own country, and
guaged to a nicety his chance. The bonds which hold the
southern to the northern part of the States are gradually
lessening (from causes which I could explain, but it would
be rather foreign to the purposes of this letter to do), and the
main part of the republic are casting about to throw off the
• former, and substitute the Canadas and the St. Lawrence.
They have on this occasion evidently miscalculated the num-
ber and the importance of the disaffected.
" The commerce of Canada is almost entirely in the hands
of the British Canadians. Out of 500 vessels which have
arrived and sailed since the Ist of May last, not five belong,
either ships or cargoes, to the French part of the community,
nor are they in way interested in them. They have all to
gain and nothing to lose by a revolution.
" I shall now endeavour to give you the best account I can
of the feelings of the people here towards the Earl of Durham
and the progress of his mission. I must, as a preliminary, tell
you that all the merchants here are more than conservatives
----they are high tories. Lord Durham's history is before them;
therefore (as far as their prejudices are concerned,) he comes
out at a sort of discount; yet he is known to have great talent
and decision, and they believe him capable of setting all to
rights; but as, like most of his party, he, in the zenith of his
patriotism, bound himself to so many pledges and curious
theories, of which their experience, since their accession to
power, has taught them the fallacy, so the people here fear
that, notwithstanding his convictions, and his desire and
ability to do well, yet he will find himself shackled by former
professions. Hitherto, it is fair to say that he has entirely
disappointed the hopes of the radicals, and proportionably
confirmed the hopes of the loyal. Yesterday was the celebra-
tion of the coronation of our most gracious Queen; every
exertion was made to cause the day to go off well, and it did
so. Lord Durham was heartily cheered and greeted at the
review on the plains of Abraham, by all on the ground. In
the evening he gave a grand ball to about 700 persons: it was
a magnificent display. The next day's Gazette contained an
amnesty to a considerable extent, the particulars of which you
will see in the one which accompanies this. The English party
were rather alarmed at this proceeding, and a considerable
sensation was manifested. You will not be surprised at this,
or at the feelings of the English Canadians, who saw the ruf-
fians pardoned and set at liberty, who, it is well known, had
determined, had they been successful, to have murdered all
of English descent or connection. I should -say the amnesty
has not tended to increase the confidence in Lord Durham,
but it is unfair to judge of him yet; he has an Herculean task
before him, and his health is not good. By-the-bye, last
Tuesday he visited the man-of-war Inconstant, and on quit-
ing the side, by some means stumbled, and fell from the top
to the bottom of the ladder, head foremost. Some officers
who were at the foot of the ladder broke his fall, and he was
scarcely injured, but much shook. This circumstance tended
to elicit the feelings of the people towards him, which were of
general sympathy, and I think I may say that any accident
which at this moment would deprive us of his services, should
be considered a great calamity to the Canadas.
"There are reports just received that the Americans are
measuring and preparing to erect works on the disputed
teiritory, and there has been a movement perceptible within
the last few days. The Malabar has, it is said, gone to
Halifax for more troops; and the sudden sailing of the Pique
for England is considered referrible to this matter. One
thing is certain, that England must have her boundary line,
or go to war if she has the slightest intention of retaining
Canada.
" 1 have conversed with several well-informed Americans;
they labour hard to convince us that they have nothing to do
with the Canadian revolt, and that they do not want the Ca-
nadas. The great anxiety they evince to impress this on our
minds proves to me the converse, and that the-Canadas are
a great object to them. We shall, however, see. The loyal
party here are fully disposed to support Lord D. in the ob-
ject of his mission, and he certainly, on the whole, is popu-
lar; but this is entirely on the supposition of the course he
will take, and there can be no doubt but a misapplied lenity
in the present crisis will but sow the seeds of future misery
and bloodshed.

The harbour looks gay with so many men-of• war. I think
there are eight. Amongst the rest .there is a small frigate
called the Pearl, commanded by a son of the celebrated and
gallant Marquis of Anglesea, which excites general admira•
tion, and is' an object of
.great curiosity from her beautiful
appearance, and the exquisite order it is said she is in."

(From the Quebec Mercury of June 26.)
Thursday next being the day appointed for the coronation
of our youthful and beloved Sovereign, will be observed by
the military with the salutes of artillery usual on such occa-
sions, and a grand review will take place of the Brigade of
Guards, on the Plains of Abraham, at noon.

In the evening the Countess of Durham will give a grand
ball and supper at the Castle of St. Lewis, for which cards
have been issued to a very large party.
It is intended that the illumination on Thursday should be
general. We perceive that preparations are already making
at the Castle for what will, no doubt, he a brilliant display.

(From the Quebec Mercury of June 28.)
We are sorry to say that both his Excellency the Governor

General and his Excellency Lieutenant-General Sir John
Colborne have met with accidents within the last two days;
fortunately neither have proved so serious as might have
been the case. Lord Durham when descending the ladder
from the Inconstant frigate, on Tuesday to embark in the
barge, unfortunately caught his heel in one of the steps, and
he tell forward with much violence, and had not the fall been
broken by Admiral Sir Charles Paget, who was already in
the barge, the consequences must have been alarmingly se-
vere. Sir John Colborne's accident was by the falling of his
horse yesterday, when his Excellency was taking his morning
ride ; whilst proceeding at a hand gallop the animal fell, and
the gallant general received some cuts and bruises in the
face; he, however remounted and proceeded home, declaring
himself but little hurt.

It has been decided that the proposed illumination in ho-
hour of the coronation shall not take place to-night. The
number of families invited by the Countess of Durham to
the ball at the Castle will occasion the houses to be left iu
the charge of servants, and accidents from fire might occur
through negligence, or the gratification of a natural curiosity
which might take those left in charge to see the display in
other places. A notice from the police-office has been posted
to this effect.

The review of the Guards in honour of the day took place
at noon. After the usual preliminary ceremonies the feu de
joie and the salvos of artillery were tired and the business of
the review began. The two regiments were in nearly equal
strength, the garrison duties of the day having been divided
between them; these splendid bodies of men appeared to
the highest advantage. The weather was cloudy, but the
day being in some degree considered as a holiday, most of
the English shops being closed, the number of spectators
was very great. His excellency the Governor General was
present, on horseback, as was also his Excellency Sir John
Colborne, commander of the Forces, and Sir James Mac
Donnell, with their respective suites, together with the officers
of the general staff, forming together a numerous and splen-
did military cortege, such as has not before been for a long
time seen in this country.

The presence-of the Earl of Durham and Sir John Col-
borne gave great satisfaction, as it showed that the injuries
they had sustained from their recent accidents were not so
severe as had been apprehended.
The royal standard was hoisted on the citadel at sun-rise,
and the same proud banner also floated from the maintop-
gallant-mast head of the Cornwallis, bearing the admiral's
flag This ship, as well as the other ships of war, was dres-
sed in a profusion of flags and colours, and, the wind being
strong enough to carry them out, their appearance was most
brilliant. The merchant vessels were also more or lass
dressed according to their means.
At noon, just as the tide turned, and the ships were swing-
ing at their anchors, the salutes commenced, the yards being
manned at the time; the position of the ships shifting whilst
the salutes were firing, added much to the effect, which was
very striking, and attracted crowds of spectators from every
place commanding a view of the harbour- We do not re-
collect on any similar occasion to have seen the city wear so
festive an appearance. The rain fortunately of the morning
held off till the ceremonies were over.

(From the Quebec Gazette of June 29 )
Letters have been received in town, stating that the ban-
ditti which had taken refuge in the swamp above Chippewa,
had been entirely destroyed by a detachment of the 24th re-
giment, under Major Townshend, but not without some loss.

(From the Supplement of the Gazette by Authority of this day.)
SECRETARY'S OFFICE, QUEBEC, JUNE 28.
His Excellency the Governor General has been pleased to
appoint—
Sir Charles Paget, Grand Cross of the Hanoverian Order,
Vice Admiral of the White,
Major General Sir James Al`Donnell, K.C.B. and K.C. H.,
Lieut. Col. the Hon. Charles Grey,
The Hon. Colonel George Couper,
And the Hon. Charles Buller,
to be Members of the Special Council.

(From the QuO..ec Morning Herald of June 30.)
His Excellency Sir John Harvey, Lieutenant Governor
of New Brunswick, arrived yesterday in the Charybdis.
The Quebec Gazette of June 30th contains an im-
portant ordinance, issued by the Governor-General,
dated June 28th, setting forth that Wolfred Nelson,
R. S. M. Bouchette, and others, now in Montreal
gaol, having acknowledged their treasons and sub-
mitted themselves to the will and pleasure of her Ma-
jesty, and Louis Joseph Papineau and others who
have absconded and withdrawn themselves from the
pursuit of justice, it being her Majesty's pleasure that
no further proceedings shall take place save those pro-
vided in this ordinance, directs that Wolfred Nelson
and the others shall be transported to the islands Of
Bermuda, not to return on pain of death, and the same
penalty is to be incurred by Papineau and the others
who have absconded, if found at large in this province.
The favourable provisions of this ordinance are not to
extend to the murderers of Lieut. Weir.

BRITISH GUIANA.—By the barque Intrepid, w hich
arrived at this port on Sunday, we have received the
Guiana Chronicle to the 21st ult. From this journal
we learn that a notice of motion for the speedy termi-
nation of negro apprenticeship had been formally in-
introduced into the Court of Policy, on the 19th of
June, by Dr. M'Turk, a respectable planter of tile co-
lony. In rising to give notice of this motion, he
dwelt upon the great change which it .had for its ob-
ject—a change which would necessarily involve the
most complicated interests. He urged the propriety
of entering upon the consideration of this subject with
caution and temper, and expressed his earliest wish to
reconcile all parties in the community. The plan con-
templated by Dr. M'Turk was, to bring in a bill for
the abolition of apprenticeship as existing in the colony,

the bill to take effect on the Ist of August, under the
proviso " that all the labourers shall have to remain
and work at their usual occupations till the first of
January, for reasonable wages, to be fixed by the
court."

His Excellency the Governor stated that several
gentlemen had signified to him their intention of ter-
minating the apprenticeship of their prandial labourers
on the Ist of August.
The Guiana Chronicle is decidedly opposed to the
proviso for compelling the labourers to remain on the
estates and work at a fixed rate of wages till January
ensuing, alleging that "if the apprenticeship was to
be abolished it should be free and unconditional, and
not clogged by any thing which might detract from
the magnanimous nature of the favour to be bestowed."

BLOCKADE OF BUENOS AYRES BY THE FRENCH.—
Our attention has been very forcibly drawn to the sub-
ject of the recent blockade of Buenos Ayres, by the
French fleet under Admiral Leblanc, which certainly
appears to us to be a very extraordinary and unjusti-
fiable proceeding. In the Mexican affair there is a
show of justice-, owing to the forced loans which the
French were called upon to pay ; but at Buenos Ayres
Ayres there does not appear to have been a shadow of
reason for any armed interference, the minister having
shown that the authorities had merely dealt with some
unruly subjects according to their deserts. We say
subjects, because they were to all intents and pur-
poses, both from long residence and by legal form, na-
turalised citizens of Buenos Ayres, and therefore re-
sponsible to that government for any infraction of the
laws of the republic. In order that our readers may
be in possession of the facts of the case, we shall
transcribe from the 7'inzes the following detail of the
circumstances which led to the blockade. The con-
duct of our government at home is, unfortunately,
marked by such a singular fatuity, that we are by no
means surprised to learn from the subjoined particu-
lars that our commercial interests at Buenos Apes
have been blindly but culpably sacrificed to the cupi-
dity and ambitious views of our liberal allies the
French. The affair of the Vixen must be too well-
known to render it necessary for us, in this place, to
animadvert upon the truckling policy of Lord Palmer-
ston, who would sooner see the whole trade of Great
Britain involved in irremediable ruin, than he would
offer a single word of remonstrance against the most
flagrant acts of aggression on the part of other nations.
But we shall waive all further remarks on this subject
for the present, and proceed to submit to the notice of
our readers the particulars which are furnished in the
city article of the Times of the 21st instant :

" Letters and publications recently received front Buenos
Ayres contain more full particulars respecting the causes of
the rupture with France and the consequent blockade of the
river Plate than were previously known here, There is so
striking a similarity in the facts and cases adduced with those
which have heretofore been made public respecting the
alleged Mexican grievances, that it would almost appear as
if a quarrel with the two Spanish American republics had
been a predetermined affair, and the same causes precon-
certed and arranged for its justification in each case. Thus,
wit reference to Basle, the Swiss imprisoned by order of
the Buenos Ayres government, who, upon the faith of the
representations made by the French Consul, seemed to have
been cruelly dealt with, it is now stated that he was a regular
employe as lithographer to the state; and that he had never
applied to the Consul for protection at all, nor ever made
any complaint to him, so that his interference was purely
gratuitous. The man was in high favour with, and strongly
protected by, General liosas and his ministers, one of whom
was bail for hint in a heavy sum, which he has since been
called ❑pon to pay. Thus confidentially intrusted, he had
embarked in intrigues against the state, endeavouring by
forged and false misstatements to create a misunderstanding
with Chili, and to favour the Unitarian party opposed to
Rosas. These manceuvres being discovered by his letters
intercepted, he was cast into prison in the fair exercise of
the power which a government has to deal with its own
officers. Another grievance complained of was in the in-
stance of a man named Lavie, messman to a canteen under
the orders of Colonel Ramirez. Coinclaints having been
made of great abuses and robberies of the clothing of the
troops, a general search of every person was ordered, which
he violently resisted. The result was, that on examination
of his trunk 900 dollars were found, which he confessed
having robbed his master of, besides 500 dollars more which
he had sent away, upon which he was arrested and sent to
prison. The French Consul contended for his immunity
from search and imprisonment as a French citizen. So also
a man Desporey was claimed as a French subject, although
he had been 30 years in the country, was married to a native,
had a family. and been duly naturalized. He had amassed
a considerable property. and the Consul denied his liability,
notwithstanding all these circumstances, to serve like other
citizens in the militia. By far the most glaring impropriety
alledged against the French Consul was, however, the fact
that he was in the habit, for a trifling gratuity, of granting
certificates of origin or of citizenship to persons of whatever
nation. To such a scandalous extent had this been carried,
as it is asserted, that the Sardinian Consul on his arrival had
bad bitter disputes with him about it, for on entering upon

the duties of his consulship he found almost all the subjects
of his sovereign certified by the French Consul as French
subjects.

"Although only a Vice-Consul, and without other creden-
tials, M. Roget claimed a right to treat questions of the high-
est political import with the Buenos Ayres authorities. It
was likewise complained that the French had not observed
a fitting neutrality in the contest between Buenos Ayres and
Peru, havingon various occasions furnished General Santa
Cruz with vessels for himself and troops for transport from
place to place, when otherwise they could not have proceeded
on account of the Chili squadron, by which they were watched
and blockaded.

"These refutations of the French Consul's misrepresenta-
tions and causes of complaint against France had been offici-
ally laid before the British Minister there, who had fully
concurred in the justice of the course pursued by the Buenos
government. It is worthy of remark, and had given rise to
much animadversion, that this was the first time for seven
years that the question had been raised of exemptions from
the laws and liabilities of the country and other special pri-
vileges in behalf of French citizens. The last time the points
were mooted was during the consulship of Mr. Mandeville,
when they were quietly disposed of. On the present occasion,
however,• no sooner were the pretensions urged and refused,
when a French squadron was called in, and a blockade de-
clared. The right to these privileges was denied by the go-
vernment, who, in answer to the statement that such exclu-
sive immunities were enjoyed by the English and Americans,
remarked that whatever was so enjoyed had been conceded by
special treaty, and in return for friendly services, and an early
recognition of the independence of the State, while France
has never sought to negotiate a treaty ; but, in fact, that with
respect to some of the privileges adverted to, none such really
existed, and on various occasions been protested against by
the government, as might be verified on reference to the
achives.

"It may be observed that the blockade is exciting great
dissatisfaction among the merchants in the city. Considering
the tone adopted by several of the Paris papers, it is suspected
that the French government have other and ulterior designs
in view of a political nature; for one of the common topics
in these papers recently is the assertion that powerful French
parties exist in all the Spanish American republics, and that
thrones there have not only been frequently offered to French
Princes, but that the establishment of monarchies there under
the protection of France, if not to be headed by French
Princes, would be a matter of easy accomplishment.
"The following order of the day, issued by the French Ad-
miral to his squadron, announcing the blockade, would seem
by its significant and boasting allusion to Algiers to counte-
nance the ambitious speculations of the Paris papers. A let-
ter from a Spaniard at Rio sarcastically remarks on the con-
cluding sentence that the French Admiral has copied Nelson
tresmal-d-propos. Considering the disparity of strength and
the weakness of the foe, the bombast, however out of place, is
amusing enough

"'ORDER OF THE DAY

"`Officers, Sub-officers, and Sailors,—The Argentine Go-
vernment, in contempt of its obligations, refuse to treat France
according to the rank she holds.
" It pretends to dispense in respect to us with the common
rights of nations. It wishes to subject our countrymen es-
tablished in its territory to an odious and cruel tyranny.
" It refuses to concede to the Government of the King
those just and moderate demands which have been presented
by his representative. . . . . .

" Fra:nce, always generous, has long wailed in hopes that
the magnanimity of which she has given proofs would be bet-
ter appreciated. The moment has arrived when she will no
longer tolerate conduct contrary to her rights and dignity.
" We commence hostilities by the blockade of Buenos
Ayres. If our efforts do not succeed in recalling its Govern-
ment to sentiments of justice and equity, if it persist in ex-
citing the anger of France, the example of Algiers will serve
to show that she knows how to chastise those who are impru-
dent enough to offend her. Distance will be no safeguard for
Buenos Ayres; we have ships to overcome it.
•" Officers, Sub-officers, and Sailors,—lt is to you it belongs
to protect our brethren whom foreigners would oppress. 'W e
will fulfil the task confided to us by our country. We will
justify its noble confidence; she may reckon upon us; every
man will do his duty." '
From the Times of the 25th instant, we learn that
a vessel had arrived at Antwerp, from Rio Janeiro,
which brought letters stating that the blockade had
been raised on the 21st of May. On the subject of
the differences which existed between the govern-
ments of France and Buenos Ayres we have the fol-
lowing additional particulars:—

" According to the official correspondence with the French
Consul and Admiral, which was published by the Govern-
ment of Buenos Ayres, and of which the Supplemento in the
' shape of a pamphlet has been received here, it would appear
that the demands of the French had then been complied with,
in so far as the practical grievances alleged. From the
prices inserted, and of which a notice may not even now be
out of place, it results that Lavie, the Frenchman committed
and sentenced to prison for six months for theft, was released,
and it was intimated to Admiral Le Blanc, that it had not
been customary to subject Frenchmen to the militia service
hitherto, nor would they be called upon hereafter, although
according to the laws of the state they were liable. To this
the Admiral replies, pretending to take it as a confession,
that the imprisonment of Lavie was a just cause of griev-
ance, the redress of which, 'however, he acknowledges. The
most singular feature in the answer is, his omission of all
notice of the fact stated, that not one Frenchman had been
compelled to take service in the militia,' or was then serving
under compulsion. 4. One of his complaints having been, that
many were so compelled and actually in service, he design-
edly, or artfully, not to retract a charge proved to be utterly
groundless, pretends to assume the concession as proof of the
reality of the grievance, and talks about many of his coun-
trymen who • had been obliged to take military service.'
Nothing could be more formal than the mode in which
the Buenos Ayres authorities had proceeded to verify the
futility of the complaints urged by the French, who had
alleged that many of their countrymen were actually and
unjustly imprisoned and persecuted, and a great many
more forced to take service and serving in the army.—
Official returns were ordered from the departments in charge
of all the foreigners actually in prison at the date, the 31st
of March, from which it resulted, that the whole number
consisted of two Frenchmen, four Englishmen, one Prussian,
and one Portuguese, so that the French at least had not the
greatest cause to complain. Of these two Frenchmen, one
named Pedro Jusson, a seaman, was condemned, for the
assassination of Matias Canete, to four years' service on
board one of the vessels of the state, and the other, Lavie,
to six months' imprisonment for theft, by his own confession.
In answer to the letter of the French Admiral, denouncing
the incarceration of his countrymen, Rosas, the President,
sarcastically observes, ' I cannot do your Excellency the
injustice of supposing that you allude to these criminals,
,when you tell me I detain in prison your Excellency's fel-
low-countrymen.' So also by official returns ordered from
the commanders of regiments of the line, of militia, and the
navy, it turned out that the multitude of Frenchmen in ser-
vice was resolved into six only, of whom five enrolled volun-
tarily for the bounty (about 100 dollars), and one was a
vagrant, who also having no occupation voluntarily took ser-
vice. With those who thus entered as volunteers the French
Admiral himself avows that he claims no right of interfe-
rence. Altogether, as formerly remarked, the French have
made out but a sorry case for their blockade and hostile
aggressions against Buenos Ayres."

And yet, sorry as is the case which the French have
made out for their hostile aggressions, the trade of
Great Britain was forced to suffer from this unprin-
cipled wat fare. There was a time when France would
not have dared to adopt so unjustifiable an expedient
as the blockade of Buenos Ayres, without the permis-
sion of Great Britain ; but under the blessed rule of

the Whigs every such interference with our foreign
connections is looked upon, if not with approbation,
without any degree of jealousy or alarm.

THE STATE OF IRELAND.—We cannot too frequently
or too strongly dilate upon the mischievous and demo•
ralising fruits of Popery, as exemplified in tlie present
state of Ireland : we shall, therefore, again and again
recur to the - subject, with the view of exhibiting the
genuine character of that system of abominable fraud,
delusion, hypocrisy, immorality, and cruelty, under
which the sister island has been so long suffering.
For the present we shall content ourselves with a brief
enumeration of the atrocities with which the journals
of the last week alone furnish us. We shall hereafter
adduce proofs of the most irrefragable character to
establish the connection between the outrages which
we shall have to relate, and the ascendancy of the Po-
pish priesthood over the peasantry of Ireland, and to
trace the relation between the slavery in which the
latter are held and the multiplied crimes of which they
are guilty. In our last we inserted a very powerful
article on this subject from our able and uncompromi-
sing contemporary the Dublin Evening Mail. We
this day also extract from the same journal another
admirable commentary on an isolated instance of at-
tempted Popish vengeance, which, we feel assured,
will be read with painful interest by every sincere
Protestant. The circumstances of the outrage on the
Rev. Marcus Beresford were of the most revolting
character. We understand, from the Evening Mail
of Wednesday last, that as the Reverend Gentleman
was proceeding to officiate in his parish church of
Lara, on Sunday weex, he was way - laid by
two villains, who, lurking behind a hedge, nearly
opposite the House of the Roman Catholic
priest, fired at him as he was passing. The
miscreants were, however, through the mercy of God,
unsuccessful in their diabolical and murderous attempt,
though the assassins were only ten yards distant from
their intended victim. Immediately after the discharge,
Mr. Beresford and his servant, though both unarmed,
pursued, with great intrepidity, the cowardly, yet
blood-thirsty, assailants, who instantly fled with their
carbines in their hands; and although some police who
happened to be near, and some of the Protestant pa-
rishioners who were on the way to church, joined in
the pursuit, we are sorry to say that the miscreants
effected their escape by mingling with the Popish con-
gregation which was just,at that moment leaving ear-
ly mass, and many of whom seemed anxious to screen
the murderers from justice. Here was a most deter-
mined attempt made to murder a highly respected and
greatly beloved Protestant pastor in mid-day, and that
day the Sabbath, while he was on his way to discharge
the sacred duties of his holy calling. What if such a
circumstance took place in England ? Would not the
honest indignation of the people of this land be roused
by such an aggravated outrage ? Undoubtedly, 'and
even in Ireland, degraded as she is by the debasing
thraldom of Popery, we rejoice to find that a deed so
foul and repugnant to humanity has excited a very
powerful sensation. We find by the last papers we
have received, that a reward of a thousand pounds has
been offered for the apprehension of the perpetrators
of so atrocious an outrage.
An attempt has been made to convert this diabolical
affair into a jest—an attempt, we need scarcely add,
of which only a heartless Papist could be guilty. Our
Dublin contemporary has satisfactorily disposed of

this audacious insult to the Protestants of Cavan,
as will be seen on reference to our last page.
The same journal that has furnished us with an ac•
count of the meditated murder of Mr. Beresford gives
us an appalling detail respecting the state of Tipperary,
about the tranquillity of which county so many
boasts have been made by the unprincipled Castle
hacks. Mr. Justice Moore, who owes Iris appointment
to the influence of the Popish faction, in his charge to
the grand jury, takes the most elaborate pains to avoid
every allusion to the actual state ofcrime in the county,
even at a time when murder and violence were stalk-
ing around his very path through the precincts-of his
jurisdiction. This silence will appear the more culpa-
ble when we consider the state of the calendar, which
presented the following awful detail of crimes:—
" Murder, 43; aiding in murder, 15; conspiracy to murder,
1; grievous assault, 12; rape, 4; shooting at persons, 3;
perjury, 2; sheep stealing, 2; uttering forged notes, 3;
robbing of arms, 1; manslaughter, 1 ; escaping from gaol,.
4; arson, 2; childstealing, 2; highway robbery, 2; vagrancy,
5; cow stealing, 5; burglary, pig stealing, 5 ; obtaining
money under false pretences, 1 ; larceny, 1; total-113."

Would an English judge have passed over such an
awful calendar without an impressive appeal to the
grand jury ? Would he not have dwelt upon the dread-
ful state of society in which such an aggregate of the
deepest crimes could be allowed to exist'? Would he
not have lamented the lawless and abandoned charac-
ter of the population ? It is really painful to dwell
any longer on the contrast. What county in England
presents such an accumulation of atrocities ? Does
the whole principality of Wales furnish so black a list
of murders and assaults, with a population of nearly
five times as large as that of Tipperary ? Does the
whole of Scotlabd, with a population nearly ten times
as large ? What causes the difference ? Is it not
Popery—demoralising, crime-instilling, conscience-
searing Popery ?
We shall not, for the present, adduce but one addi

tional illustration of the fearful state of Ireland, re-
serving a far more extended catalogue for our next
publication. We take the following from the Kil-
kenny Moderator:—

MARCH OF THE PEASANTRY IN ORGANISED BODIES.—
Since the meeting of Coppenagh, there has been another
field-day held near Moncoin, within a short distance of Car-
rigeen—the spot where the mob, a few years since, came into
deadly conflict with the police, who, in defence of their lives,
fired upon a body of insurgents and shot three of them. We
mention Ibis fact as a remarkable coincidence—for we find
those rebellious musters generally take place where battles
have been fought, or policemen massacred in cold blood—
whether to instigate the populace to vengeance, or to inspire
them with fresh hatred to the law or the constituted autho-
rities, we cannot say—but it is a remarkable fact, and we
leave our readers to draw their own conclusions. Lord Nor-
manby declared such meetings " legal," at the moment
O'Connell stated that we were reposing " oN A VOLCANO."
and the people ready to start into rebellion. This was the
opinion of the Queen's Representative, and behold what
follows. The Kilkenny Journal, the organ of popery, and the
official mouth-piece of the executive directory which' now
controls the Movements of the government, in reference to
the meeting in the barony of Iverk, says—
" Upon the closest calculation there were not less than
SIXTY THOUSAND present at the meeting. The pedestrians
were in the field, WHILE THE CAVALRY, IN A DENSE BODY I.
FILLED UP a long line in the adjoining road ! ! * * * *
Occasionally an enthusiastic shout broke the stillness of the
Sabbath, and bore to the heavens the determination of Irish-
men to become FREEMEN."

We are not informed whether these 60,000 men were
armed; but if for pedestrians we substitute the term infantry,
then we have an army of 60,000 men, consisting of "cavalry"
and infantry, filing in order along the roads, from different
counties, and showing by their movements a system of or-
ganisation more perfect than that instituted by Field-Marshal
General Priest Murphy, of ball-proof notoriety, in 1798;
and, be it recollected, that a priest, the Rev. N. Carroll,
placed himself at the head of this body, and declared his de-
termination to persevere until they should obtain a full mea-
sure of " justice," by which we suppose he meant the final
surrender of Ireland into the hands of the Popish priesthood.
Is it not dear that the country is at this moment organised—
and that it depends on some courageous fanatic, in the per-
son of a priest, to raise the flag of civil war to involve us in
a bloody rebellion? We say this is the obvious inference to
be drawn from O'Connell's declaration, that Ireland is ready
to be up, and that at this moment we repose "on a volcano.'-'
The identification of the British government with these
meetings is complete—and we record it among the signs of
the times as a remarkable circumstancc—that for the first
time in Irish history, the sanction of the representative of the
sovereign has been given to tumultuous assemblages, for
displaying the physical force of the people ready to start into
insurrection. Will the Irish Gentry—will the Protestants
of Ireland—look to the fact, and take measures in self-de-
fence to protect their lives, liberties, and properties ?

We seriously demand is this a state,of things to be
much longer tolerated under a civilised government?
Are armed bands to meet together in this way, in de-
fiance of the laws, and in contempt of the feelings of

the Protestants of England and Ireland ? Are such
proceedings to be justified in the House of Lords by
the Queen's representative, and by the highest legal
authority of the crown in Ireland ? is a government
that sanctions such wanton violations of the law worthy
of the confidence of Englishmen ? We appeal to our
countrymen whether the ministers who can so far for-
get their duties are not deserving of impeachment ?
