,THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

Mr. COOPER, of the Theatre-Royal, Drury-lane, is engaged
tor a Fortnight, and will make his second appearance here
then two years, this Evening.
Last Night but Pour of Mr. MACKAY, of the Theatre-
Royal. Edinburgh.
il. Tfilms present TUESDAY, Sept. 18th, 1838, will be per-
formed the Tragedy of

PIZARRO.
Rolla Mr. Cooper. I Las Casas .....Mr. Chaplin.
Orozembo Mr. Mackay.
Pizarro Mr. Gray. Elvira Miss Cleaver.
Alonzo Mr.W. Howard. I Cora Miss Faucit.
To conclude with the Melo-Drama of
MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS.
Sandie (his original character) Mr. Mackay.
Lord George Douglas—Mr. W. Howard.
Lord Lindsay Mr. Gray.
Roland.. Mr. W. H. Bland. Dryfesdale..Mr. Chaplin.
Mary, Queen of Scots Miss Faucit
Lady Douglas Miss Cleaver.
Catherine Seyton Mrs. Baker.
On WEDNESDAY, will be repeated the Musical Play
of ROB ROY being the only night on which it can be
acted during .Mr. Mackay's engagement. Rob Roy, Mr.
Cooper, as originally performed by him at this Theatre;
Bailie Nichol Jarvie, Mr. Mackay; Francis Oshaldistone,
Mr. G. Horneast le ; ltashleigh, Mr. Gray ; Owen, Mr. Baker.
Helen M•Gregor, Miss Cleaver; Diana Vernon, Miss Grant.
To conclude with the Melo-Drama of THE BRIGAND.
Alessandro Massaroni, Mr. Cooper; Nicolo, Mr. Baker;
Maria, Miss Cleaver; Ottavia, Mrs. Baker.

Irbe lLiberpool flitantiarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 18, 1838.

The Publication of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 5 o'clock.

EGYPT.—We have been favoured with the follow-
ing intelligence from Alexandria, up to the 16th of
August:—

The Pasha has at last fixed the price for the cotton
of the new crop at 16 dollars:per cantaro, and for the
remainder of last year at 14 dollars. Speculators and
exporters having, however, been unwilling to submit
to these-high pretensions, the Pasha has come to the
determination of shipping 35,000 to 40,000 bales,
being about one-third of the whole crop to Trieste on
his Gant account, to the consignment of Mr. Pietro
Jusseff
,Ihe •brOther.of Boghos-Bey, minister of com-
merce: and with the view to exclude all competition
there, a decree has been issued by him, prohibiting all
shipments on private account to that quarter, or if
made, only to the address of Mr. P. Jussuff: 'rhe
report is current, that Mr. P. J.'s instructions are not
to sell -under 91d per lb. English.
About 3;700 bales have already been slipped to
Trieste, and about 10,000 bales will soon follow, as
the kasha is straining every nerve to dispatch them as
"on it possible.
The total arrivals from the interior of the new crop
are estimated at about 100,000 bales, and the stock of
the old crap at 8,000 bales. •
Three vessels were loading for Liverpool.
Whilst the cottbn market here is monopolized and
controlled by the agents of the United States Banks,
mid its future course entirely left at their mercy, the
above accounts bring us the important information
that the Pasha of Egypt has adopted the same plan of
m'aValizing (a system he ever was fond of) the cot-
ton Market-in the East: and by his despotic prohibition
.3rPfivate shipments to that quarter to which he is
sending his cotton, his speculations (if they may be
properly so termed) may prove successful, and his ob-
iiCt to obtain the highest possible prices be accom-
plished.
What Mr. N. Biddle is in the west, Mehemed Ali
is now in the east. The future will decide who will
ba the more successful in accomplishing his views.

JAVAICA.—By the Royal Mint, which arrived here
On Saturday evening, we have advices from Jamaica
to the 31st of July, inclusive. At that period the
island was perfectly tranquil, and it was anticipated
that the following day would pass over peaceably. It
wag expected that the emancipated apprentices would
be Permitted a free indulgence in their rejoicings for
a Week or fortnight. We look with some degree of
anxiety for the arrival of the next packet from the
West Indies, which will probably bring news from Ja•
rn Rica to the 2d or 3d of August. The exports of the
bland promise to be abundant for the present year.

TRINIDAD.—We have advices from Trinidad to the
lit of August. A private letter, dated on that day,
states that the all-important day had passed away as
a Sunday—that the people had been to church, and
had behaved themselves in the most orderly manner.
The following extract is from the Trinidad Standard
of the previous day :

- "THE FIRST OF AUGUST, 183 S—THE NEW ERA..—
" Before our paper of to-day can meet the eyes of any
most important event, political or
soof ourl thatreadehras:
ever roccurred in the Western World—
onecla compared with which all other changes in these
Colon
ies sink into insignificance—will have come to
pass: upwards of half a million of men, on whom this
day's aura has set as bondsmen, will ere tomorrow's
light have become by the laws of the respective Colo-
nies in which they live, discharged from all further
servitude, and have acquired all the rights and immu-
nities of free men—the last vestige of slavery will
have disappeared from the British West India Colonies.
"An investigation Into the various causes which,
working together, have brought about this remarkable
event two years prior to the period originally fixed by
the British Parliament for its fulfilment, is rather the
tiP°rk of the Historian than of the daily Journalist.
It Will be for the former, collating facts and comparing
results, to decide how far this measure was accelerated
br the breach of faith or. the part of the British
Government, in substituting for laws originally framed
t° secure the duration of the Apprenticeship for the
term fixed on, other laws under which it became lin-
13"sible to carry on the system with any advantage
either to the master or the apprentice ;--next, how
f!r this event has resulted from the injudicious distinc-
t" °I Prredials and non-Preedials—how much it is
attributable to the noise and confusion arising out of
the extraordinary obscurity in which the distinguish.
lei features of these two classes were, it would now
dared Purposely left—requiring after what was consi.•
""ed- a definite conclusion, a general reopening of
the Classification question ;—how much of this nida-
ature maybe attributed to generosity on the part of
the Planters; and finally, how much to the conduct of
ths Negro during the trying period of Apprenticeship,
"likening in his employers a gradually increasing
"efidenee that he might be relied on when free, to
Pttrertn, fora 'reasonable reward, the labour hitherto
obtained by compulsion. For us, it is our more fitting
stask' standifit on .the present, to direct our earnest
aed ISOxious attention to the future, and to point out
such measures as, in our humble opinion, are bhst
9tt4lited to ensure the future peace and prosperity of
all classes in this section of the West India community.
",The first of these measures should be a Rural
.4:"lice Bill, upon which we understand the Council is
"°ll. Occupied. This Bill should provide for the pre-
servation public order—for the discouragement of
idle
and dissolute habits—for the suppression of va-
Zir4ncY—and for the protection and encouragement of
e well disposed and industrious labourers; but the
Cburicil should at the same time be careful, that the
."ItY of those for whom they legislate should not,
either
in fact or in appearance, be infringed upon ;
anti above all things, let the duties of all parties sub•
feet to the enactments of the Police Bill, be clearly and
distinctly defined. The next Bill should he one to
regulate
contracts between master and servant, and to
tPt"irie a summary remedy to both paities ; petty
r,Passers upon property, and assaults upon the per-
.ua, should also be brought within some summary
tarisdiction a new Road Act, and also a Militia Bill,
prevent
likewise become absolutely necessary ; a Bill to
I.:tent squatting upon the Crown Lands, and such
iestrictions on the sub-division of private property into
w1h4.11 Portions, as will prevent that kind of cultivation
yields no assistance to the state, and bears no
fort
r_ the bur-then of the country, should be brought
ward without delay; and last, but not least in iin-
f:rrt"ce, some legislative provision should be made
the encouragement of Immigration.
,iThere is yet another subject i equiring the imme-
tie e consideration of the Council, (although under
.f‘i e circumstance of the same matter having sttracted
d
attention of the Home Government, we should
efisPrecate any attempt here to produce a permanent
ct). We mean the want of a sufficient circulation
4 17/.llla silver money. This will be felt severely
en 11 month from this date, and we should hope
407 the Council will turn their attention to devising
447e.expedient for obtaining an immediate temporary
supply
We should suppose that some assistance
ittitti,g- be obtained from the Commissariat at Barba-
..
