THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.

•
FOREIi Nl'E L LIGE NrE.
•
RANCE.
P.Ris, OcT.s.—The Sentiaelle 'des Pyrenees states that an
express had left Bayonne for Saragossa, with a communication
of General Harispe. This corninouication is, said to he to the
effect that Dun Carlos had suddenly disappeared on, the 24th.or
25th from the midst of his army.
According to letters from 'Perpignan, dated the 27th ult.,'
fifteen hundred Cardsts were defeated near Figuieres and St.
Jean de las Abbadeneas. The dead and wounded are numerous.
Their chief, Giral, was taken and shot at Oint. The General
Pastor at that date was near Solsona. The Brigadier Ayerbe
defeated near Olot, on the' 4th, another corps of Carlists of four
thousand men strong. The Navarese corps who had pene-
tratedy to Catalonia, and who had returned to the environs of
Tlau, to endeavour to re-enter Navarre, could not effectuate
their project. Letters from Jaca announce that this coups is in
a village called Caldas, in the Pyrenees of Catalonia.
Letters from Saragossa, of the With of September, state that
the Government Superior Junta has authorised all the towns,
communes, and inhabitants, to make known their wants and
wishes, their petitions, and their complaints. The band of
Evangeliste has been dispersed. The house of the Marquis of
Montevingen, situated in the midst of the mountains and in-
habited by his family, was ardently desired by the Carlists, who
had resolved to take possession of it.
The Precursor, a Portuguese journal, published in Italy, con-
tains the following proclamation, issued by Don Miguel, at
Rome, before his departure:—
" Portuguese ! The ills which overwhelm you pierce me to
the soul. The vile slavery to which the insurgents are desirous
of reducing you fills me with indignation and horror. The revo-
lutionists have not been satisfied with lighting up, in the midst
.of you, the most unjust, the most perfidious, the most attrocious
war—with uniting themselves to foreign mercenaries, for the
annihilation of the wise and salutary institutions of our ances-
tors—with having insulted religion—with having trodden tinder
foot the most sacred laws—with having separated themselves
from he supreme empire of the church---and with having esta-
blished a most infamous and most horrible schism; they are
now making preparations for disposing of a great mass of Por-
tugal to ambitious foreigners. Ecclesiastical property— that
fine property—those majestic edifices, the gifts and legacies of
the piety of 'our ancestors, which were possessed and inhabited
by your sons, your relatives, your friends, and by so many vir-
tuous men, and which brought to mind so many glorious epochs
of the monarchy, are about to be put up to public auction, to
'pass into the hands of foreigners—the °id and irrecoucileable
enemies of our industry, of our religion, and our customs. The
property—these edifices—these temples—where, hitherto, vir-
tue found an asylum, arid misery daily succour; where God
was served, and where the holy ceremonies were celebrated with
so much pomp, will soou he converted into warehouses and
theatres, and houses of gaily, and perhaps of prostitution: No-
thing more can, iu fact, be expected from foreigners, corrupted
and depraved in their doctrines and their customs—enemies and
depredators of the true church and the holy religion of Jesus
Christ. " Portuguese! Our country is about to be sold, and the
product of the sale will return into the hands of these same
purchasers. The clergy are about to be reduced to horrible
misery and fatal dependence ; it will fall into contempt ; it
will receive the wages of government, and he its slave ; and
the Lusitauiau church, formerly so flourishing, will be re-
duced to nothing—will lose its glory,: its majesty, and the pomp
of its worship. Portuguese ! These are the fatal precepts of
impious men, who entitle themselves the liberators of the coun-
try. As for me, lam always your defender, your •real friend.
I will never cease to oppose the ills which oppress you, and the
tyranny by which You are enslaved. I protest against the sale
of the ecclesiastical property, and against all the usurpations and
sacrilegous acts of violence that the usurping government has
dared to commit. I will do all that I can to defeat its projects
—all that can be required of me by religion, honour, and the
love I bear you. I again declare that, whbn 1 shall reappear in
the midst of you—when I shall reascend the throne which be-
longs to me, and which I hope will.he restored to me by the God
of the great Alphonso, I will not recognise the validity of the
sale of this property; I will be inexorable. All the purchasers,
whether natives or foreigners, shall lose their capital. No law,
no right, can validate such a sale, nor oppose my protest with
justice. Portuguese ! Look upon your tyrants with horror—
detest their measures and their dark designs. Consent not that
the patrimony of relatives—the property of the church, should
go into the hands of foreigners ; but wait awhile—wait—the
time of salvation is not far off. Portriguese take no vengeance
—enteitain no private hatred. 'When I shall be in the midst of
you, I shall be the first to pardon. All the Portuguese are my
children. I shall forget the indiscretions of which they have
been guilty. I have no intention but that of healing your
wounds, and of uniting in one bond thegreat Portuguese family.
My wishes are for the happiuess of the nation; my desire is to
repair the evils of revolution. All who join me dna abandon an
iinnious faction shall he received as friends. Be of good cheer,
Po-rtuguese. Let valour and intrepidity be your motto when
the favourable moment shall have arrived—be firm against ty-
ranny, and Heaven shall crown your fidelity and your patience,
as well as the wishes and efforts of your Sovereign,

MIGUEL."
The Ven;ce Gazette of the 22d ult. announces the arrival in
that city of Don Miguel, from Rome, travelling under the title
of the Count de Ramelhao.

slaves was acquired, and to protect which we agreed to aid iu
paving ,the troops.
In continuing a pl)lice it will not be as a substitute for the
troops, but because toe experimental legislation of which we are
thesubjects.demands, in order to meet its dangers, extraordi-
nary sacrifices.

" We are exceedingly happy to. hear from your excellency
that the colony remains in a most uudisturbed state of tranquil-
lity, more especially so as within even a few days alarming ru-
mours have been afloat of meditated mischief in several dis-
tricts orthe

That the crop of the present year has been secured over the
greater part of the island is so far satisfactory, although, in
many cases, it has been at very considerable additional ex-
pense, and at a most ruinous sacrifice of cultivation. But,
whatever nay await the future, the first object of proprietors
naturally was to.gecure the crop upon the ground, for which
purposo they took care to keep their factories in operation
however much their field cultivation inight be neglected.
"On all estates not strongly handed it is a notorious fact
that from the limited time ef labour and. slow working of the.
people the whole strength of the plantations had been employ.
ed during the last six or seven months in taking off the cane
upon the ground, pithout being able to do anything whatevef
to the fields, in preparing ft r the next crop by putting in plants,
or cleaning eithei canes or pastures. It is quite unnecessary to
say what must be the ruinous effect of this neglect of cultivation.,
upon the next and every succeeding crop.
" As every cane cut for the crop just finished was planted
under the old system, the result cannot of course be taken as a
criterion of the working of the apprenticeship system. When
more perfect returns shall have been obtained, the deficiency of
the present crop, as compared with that of former years, will
be correctly ascertained, and we apprehend will he found
greater than that anticipated by your excellency.
" Your excellency ascribes this deficiency to the weather;
but, iu reality, never was there a finer season or a more pro-
mising appearance of canes, which your excellency has ac-
knowledged in stating to the colonial secretary in your despatch
of the I3th of December last, that the crop was never better in
appearance than this year, and, therefore, if there is any little
deficiency in the negroes' work this crop, it will, I hope, be
made up by the extra quantity which the ground produces this
year.' ‘Ve are sorry to say it has not been made ui. The
crop is greatly deficient, and many British ships have, in conse-
quence, returned to England with half cargoes, and some with
none at all.
" We are grritified to be informed by your excellency that the
appearance of the ensuing sugar crop is most luxuriant, and that
from the inquiries your excellency has made, although many cf
the sugar estates are rattier backward, the average condition is
far better than your excellency hail anticipated, your excellency
having always considered the success of the next crop to be
much less certain than that of succeeding years. It would he a
great comfort to -,blee....;s4ki we able to discov'er • any possible
ground of hope that succeeding crops would improve; our de-
cided conviction being that each succeeding crop will be pro-
gressively worse. That in some few cases the apprentices do
work for wages is true; but we deeply regret to say, from our
personal experience of the past year, the Opposite disposition so
immeasurably preponderates that no confidence whatever can
be placed in voluntary labour.

" That the success in the management of adjoining 'estates
has differed is admitted. All mari.,gers cannot be supposed to
possess the same tact in their mode of management; nor have
the negroes, even on contiguous estates, exhibited the same ob-
stinacy and the same indisposition to labour. That these cir-
cumstances have had a partial effect in the success or failure of
the cultivation of estates is therefore readily conceded. Divest-
ed, however, as the acting managers now are, of all power to
compel the apprentices to labour, except through the instru-
mentalit y of the special magistrates, it must be at once appa-
rent that the success or failure of the new system must mainly
depend on the discretion and firmness with which these gentle-
men carry into effect the provisions of the abolition act. We
regret to be compelled to state that snore of the stipendiary ma-
gistrates have not exhibited that strict adherence to the enact-
ments of the law, and that uniformity in their proceedings,
which are so desirable to secure at once the confidence of the
apprentice and of the master.

" We deeply regret our inability to join in the favourable
anticipations entertained by your Excellency of the success of
the new system. Knowing, as we do, the prevailing reluctance
evinced by the people to labour, the thefts, negligence, and out-
rages of every description, that are becoming of such frequent
occurrence; seeing large portions of our neglected cane fields
overrun with weeds, and a still larger extent of our pasture
lands returning to a state of nature—seeing, in fact, desolation
already overspreading the very face of the land, it is impossible
for us, without abandoning the evidence of our own senses, to
entertain favourable anticipations, or to divest ourselves of the
painful conviction that the progressive and rapid deterioration
of property will continue to keep pace with the apprenticeship,
and that the termination thereof must (unless strung preventive
measures are applied) complete the ruin of the colony."
To which his Excellency was pleased to make the following
reply :
" Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly,
"The unusual sty le of your address prevents my. doing more
on the present occasion than simply to acknowledge its delivery."
On the return of the house, before the reply (short as it was)
could be read. the Provost Marshal General, waiving the usual
ceremony of tieing announced, appeared at the bar, and sum-
moned the house in his Majesty's name to attend at the council
chamber.

Mr. llyslop, Mr. .Leslie, Mr. Grossett, and several other
members expressed their indignation, and hoped the reply
would be read before the.house obeyed the summons, in order
that it might, appear on the minutes.
Mr. Speaker said that, after baring received his majesty's
immediate summons, the house could not proceed to any other
business until they had.obeyed.
The house then, proceeded over to the council chamber, when
his Excellency was pleased to deliver the following-speech :
" Gentlemen of the Council,
" Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,
"The address which has this day been presented to me by
the house of assembly being of such a nature as to render it
impossible for the to give it any reply, I have considered it ne-
cessary to call you together to inform you of the determination
at which, in consequence, I have most reluctantly been forced
to arrive.

" The very offensive and uncalled-for tone which pervades
the whole of the address, one so totally deficient in the' respect
due to the representative of the sovereign, renders it imperative
on me to withhold all further communications with this assembly.
The positive refuial by the members of that branch of the legis-
lature to entertain at this period measures for the consideration
of wt. ich ;they had been specially summoned; without even
having waited to receive the information and documents which
I had promiied to lay before them, and without which it is im-
possible that they could arrive at a correct conclusion, compels
nor! to withdraw(rom them the confidence I otherwise must have
felt in theirdecisions. This hasty rejection, on grounds so in-
sufficient, ofnieasures of such vital importance to the well-being
and tranquillity of the island, has compelled me to come to the
resolution of sending the members back to their const•ituents, in .
order that another body may be selected for carrying on the
public business.
" It is toy opinion that the interests they were sent to protect
would have' been best consulted by a calm and anxious deliber-
ation of the measures I proposed to them ; and if, after a tem-
perate consideration, it had been found expedient to amend or
reject them, such decision would have been entitled to the
weight and respect due to a legislative body.
" Such a course, however, not having been pursued, it is my
duty to let it be clearly understood, that on the house of assembly
rests the whole responsibility of the consequences which may
ensue, and that to their conduct must be attributed any resolu-
tion which the British government may he compelled to adopt.
" I do now, in his majesty's name, dissolve this general as-
sembly, and it is hereby dissolved accordingly."
the house having returned, and the last Speech read, the
speaker quitted the chair, and the mace was removed.
