THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

Mr. POWER being sufficiently recovered to enable him to
resume his professional duties, will appear this evening in
his favourite character of O'Callaghan in the new Drama
of HIS LAST LEGS, being the last night but three of
his engagement.
The last night but three of Mr. GILBERT and Miss
BALLIN, and their Pupils, Master and Miss MAR-
SHALL, and Miss TAYLOR.
First night of the New Ballet of the DAUGHTER OF
THE DANUBE.
THIS present TUESDAY, June 30, 15-10, the Entertain-
ments will commence with the Operetta of

ROSINA.
After which, for the third time here, a new Farce, written
expressly for Mr. Power, and performed with distinguished
success at the Theatre-Royal, Haymarket, called
111 S LAST LEGS.
O'Callaghan, (a man of genius on his last legs).. Mr. Power,
As originally performed by him.
To conclude with, for the first time here, a new Grand Bal-
let, with new and appropriate Scenery, Dresses, and Deco-
rations, called the
DAUGHTER OF THE DANUBE.
Rudolph . Mr. Gilbert.
Fleur des Champs (the Daughter of the Danube).. Miss Ballin
Bertha and Gertrude..
To conclude with the Burlesque Drama of
BOMBASTES FURIOSO.
On WEDNESDAY, for the Benefit of Mr. GILBERT
and Miss BALLIN, the New Drama of the IRISH AT-
TORNEY. O'Hara (his original character) Mr. Power;
with the DAUGHTER OF THE DANUBE, and other
Entertainments.

EXHIBITION.

CAPTAIN SIBORN' S MODEL OF THE
.BATTLE
OF WATERLOO.
THE celebrated MODEL OF THE BATTLE OF WA-
TERLOO is NOW OPEN for EXHIBITION at
the GALLERY OF THE UNION ROOMS, Slater-
street, Bold-street.
Open from Ten in the Morning till Ten at Night. Ad-
mission, One Shilling each.

EXHIBITION.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTION, MOUNT-STREET.
THE EXHIBITION (nothing similar to which has ever
been seen in Liverpool) is NOW OPEN every day
(Sundays excepted) from Nine A.M. to Ten P.lll. .
It consists chiefly of a large and valuable Collection of
PAINTINGS, by Ancient and Modern Artists ; STATUES,
among which are many by Gibson, Canova, Wolff, Gott;
MODELS of Steamboats, Locoinotiveo, Mills, Buildings
of all kinds ; Specimens of Manufactured Goods in their
various stages ; Lathes ; Printing, Lithographic, and Cop-
perplate Presses ; Potters' \Vheel ; Fringe-making Machine ;
Canal with Fountains ; Railway and Arch ; Antiquities • part
of Dr. Raffles's Collection of Holographs ; Specimens of Na-
tural History ; and General Curiousities ; in all, Fifteen
Rooms being occupied by the different departments of the
Collection.

The processes cf Glass-blowing, Printing, Lithographing,
Figure Casting, Weaving, Fringe-making, Copperplate Print-
ing, Paper Staining, and Earthenware Manufacturing, are in
full operation.
The interesting Acoustic Apparatus, called the INVISIBLE
Grim, and the DAGUERREOTYPE may also be seen.
At One and Eight P.M. every day, the Oxy-Hydrogen
Microscope, Phantasmagoria, or interesting Chemical Expe-
riments are exhibited in the Lecture-room. Magnetic anti
Electric Apparatus in operation all day.
The process of Type-founding is explained every evening,
from Half-past Seven to Half-past Eight.
Contributors who have sent articles, as in some cases,
without furnishing descriptions or names, are respectfully
requested to communicate with the Secretary.
Single Admission, ONE SHILLING, from NINE to FOUR;
SIXPENCE, from FOUR to TEN. Season Tickets (not trans-
ferable), 2s. 6d.
As the Exhibition positively cannot remain open longer
&an the Midsummer Vacation, and as a fortnight has al-
ready elapsed since the closing of the Schools, visits ought to
b• made without delay.
W. B. HODGSON, Secretary.

Ely Rtherpoot &tanbarb.

TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1840.

We have received a copy of the Guiana Times of the
22nd of May. It states that Mr. Young, the Gover-
nor's Secretary, was likely to proceed to England in
the Rapid, which was to sail for Liverpool in a few
days. This paper conveys to us the cheerful intelli
Bence that the Immigration Society was certain to be
soon put in possession of funds. The gentlemen of
the colony, both planters and others, were taxing them-
selves two per cent. on the last year's produce or
income, and it was computed that from £20,000 to
£30,000 would be speedily raised. As the government
refused to consent to a legislative tax upon
.the colo-
nists for immigration purposes, the inhabitants had
come to the resolution to tax themselves, for their own
benefit. One hundred and forty estates or individuals
had already pledged themselves, and many others
would follow the general example. The Guiana Times
adds—" Of course, when the taxes come to be raised
by law, this voluntary contribution will be scrupulously
allowed for. The Home Government must, ere this,
have disallowed all the obstructive acts of our neigh-
bours, and, with £26,000 in hand, we shall do much
more towards relieving our distresses, than people can
have, under present circumstances, any adequate con-
' ception of. Let there, then, be one common ground,
the good of the community, on which men of all
shades of politics may unite, emulous only to outvie
each other in patriotic energy."
A new paper, to be published twice a week, was an-
nounced to appear in the colony, to be called the
Guiana Reformer, and intended to be conducted upon
purely independent principles. The Berbice Advertiser
had ceased to exist.
The adjourned debate on the- Civil List had been
resumed in the Combined Court on the 28th of April.
No decision is announced in the paper before us. It
was strongly urged by several of the leading members
that the resolutions of the Court should have formed
the basis of any hill for establishing a new Civil List;
and that no bill should ever have been introduced,
until the sanction of her Majesty's Secretary of State
had been given to the resolutions, or the Governor had
felt himself warranted in acceding to the terms of those
resolutions. The Court, it was stated, was prepared
to offer an enlarged Civil List, if the government
allowed to the colony the privilege of introducing free
labourers. unfettered by any indenture, and brought
thither without any expense to themselves. More rea-
sonable terms than these it is impossible to suggest.

Since the above was written, we have been favoured
with a file of the Guiana Times to the above date. The
paper of the 20th ultimo contains the speech of his
Excellency the Governor, on terminating the Session
of the Combined Court. He commences by stating
that the decision to which the majority of the Court
had come, amounted to an express determination, on
their part, not to proceed with the estimates, except on
terms to which he could not accede. He therefore de-
clares that he felt it to be incumbent upon him to
terminate the session, and announces that the clergy,
the'police, and the public hospital, would be unpro-
yided for; that no prisoners could be sent to gaol,
either in town or elsewhere, since no means had been
provided for their subsistence; and that the public
works, then in progress, would be delayed, and faith
broken with the public creditor. The Governor then
adds, " I desire to place on record, with feelings
of
elin
sorrow rather than of reproach, my official protest
agaist the course you have pursued, and to admonish
you that it is unwise as regards your own reputation—
impolitic in reference to the proprietary interests, which
alone you represent—and most injurious to the great
body of the labouring people, whose industry and
good conduct have given' them claims on this Court,
which cannot be neglected without peril to society."
He concludes by stating that as the Combined Court
had decided by their votes that they would not proceed
with the estimates of the current year; as they did not
confine their objections to the form of the estimate, or
content themselves with refusing the items that related
to Berbice, but had come to a conclusion on the first
item ; and as they Would not proceed unless an addi-
tional guarantee or security was given, which it was
out of his power to accord, he adjourned the Court
sine die.
On the difference between the Combined Court and
the executive, the Guiana Times has the following

remarks
" Postponing all other topics, now of comparatively little
moment, we hasten to publish intelligence as important as
was ever divulged through our humble instrumentality.
" The crisis which all rational men long foresaw, has at
length come upon us. Weary of the arbitrary and supercilious
conduct of the executive, and seriously alarmed by his daring
aggressions on popular privileges, the representatives of the
,colonists have been forced to teach him, that there is a
point beyond which endurance is impossible. Our reasonable
demands, and his unjust rejection of them, his acts and our
sufferings, his petulence, our patience, all that he has usurp-
ed, and we have tolerated, since the fatal ho
bencur
hwhen
enerated
our first
puisne judge, forgetting the dignity of the , deg
into a rabid politician, to curse, with rash promptings, the
counsels which he wanted the judgment to lead to a happy
issue, the insolence of his minions, the -forbearance, if not
tameness, of our guardians in the local legislature, will be
brought forcibly before the parent government. And may
God, of his unspeakable goodness, grant, that, from a con-
juncture of affairs which we know, will bear hard on many,
but with the creation of which, the infatuation of the local
government is alone chargeable, may result the restoration
of public respect to the Queen's representative, public confi-
deuce to her judges, and decent consideration and becoming
public regard to all the officers of her government. Then,
even those Who will have suffered the most by this temporary
interruption of the supplies, will have cause to be deeply
-grateful to the gentlemen who had the intrepidity to occasion
it."
• We have been favoured, in addition, with the follow-
ing extracts of a private letter from Demerara, which
will be perused with interest
" Demerara, 23rd May, 1840.
" The political affairs of the colony have at length reached

a crisis : the supplies have been stopped, and the Governor
has abruptly terminated the session of the combined court.
" The cause which immediately led to this unhappy event,
is the attempt on the part of the executive to proceed with
the estimate of the three counties jointly, without reserving
the Berbice acre money for the redemption of the Berbice
paper money, a reservation which had been specially granted
both in the civil list ordinance of 1836, in an ordinance of
June 1839, and in one of the 6th of February 1840. If you.
take the trouble to read our colonial papers, and compare
their reports of the proceedings, you will be able to form a
pretty accurate opinion of the conduct both of the executive
and of the financial representatives.
" I had intended to send you copies of a circular addressed
by Sir M. M"rurk to all the clergy of all persuasions, and of
the petition which accompanied it, but I find them both em-
bodied in a letter in the Times of last night, addressed to Sir
M. M`Turk, and in which the matter is very well handled.
I beg, therefore, to refer you to it.
" The £30,000 which was raised last year for immigration
purposes are now to be applied as part of the ways and means
of the country, which will of course diminish by so much the
amount of taxes to be raised this year. It has, therefore,
been proposed that, as many labourers, it is even said 10,000,
are understood to be anxious to conic from Barbadoes and
other islands to this country, if there were means to bring
them, we should raise a sum in lieu of the said £30,000, by a
voluntary tax not exceeding two per cent. on the crops of
last year. according to the official returns. The proposal
has already received the assent of the representatives of
about 149 estates, nor is any opposition to it expected. This
is the last hope of the Immigration Society, which, without
some such aid promptly afforded, must cease to exist. A
vessel with immigrants from America is daily expected to ar-
rive, having been appointed to leave Baltimore on the 14th
April.
Some time ago we were told that we were only to have
black troops here, in consequence of the terrible mortality in
the 76th regiment last year. Accordingly the whole of the
Ist West India regiment has been here some time, together
with one wing of the 70th; but the high wages and superior
comforts enjoyed by the labourers have induced the black
troops to desert i❑ such numbers that they are obliged to be
sent away : a part are gone already, and their place is sup-
plied by white troops.
" I omitted to observe in the proper place, that the clergy,
one and all, with the exception of the Roman Catholic,
scouted Sir M. M`Turk's circular as an insult."

The Colonial Passengers' Bill was introduced into
the House of Lords on Thursday last, when Lord
Brougham expressed his satisfaction with the resolution
of the House of Commons, relative to the importation
of Hill Coolies into the Mauritius and other colonies.
The remarks of the noble and learned lord elicited some
pertinent and cogent remarks from Lord Ashburton on
the state of Our Monies, and snore particularly of the
West Indies. He very properly observed that if no-

thing were done to procure for our planters a supply of
labour, the sugar colonies were for ever gone to this
country. After declaring himself to have always been
a conscientious advocate for the emancipation of the
slaves, and a decided enemy to the infamous traffic in
human beings, the noble lord proceeded to charge those
who had been most hostile to the continuance of West
India slavery with inconsistency, in their endeavours to
prevent the planters from acquiring labour for the cul-
tivation of their estates. This opposition, he main-
tained, would be found to operate, not in favour of hu-
manity, but against it. As a mere question of huma-
nity the professed friends of the West Indian popula-
tion were taking the worst course they could pursue.
The people of this country might endure high prices
for even articles of necessity, as long as they were sup-
ported on a principle of humanity; but there would be
a termination to that forbearance when the pressure
became too great. Two alternatives are therefore
placed before the legislature—either the encouragement
of free labour, or the resorting to a supply from the
colonies where slave labour is in use.

Lord Ashburton also bore his testimony to the com-
forts enjoyed by the labourers in our West Indian co-
lonies and British G uiana. He maintained that their
condition was far preferable to that of the labourers in
any other country.

. .
From the desultory conversation which took place
on the introduction of this bill into the House of Lords,
we are led to hope that the clause struck out in the

Commons will be re-inserted in an amended shape, so
as to extend to the West Indies and Guiana, as well
as to the Mauritius, the benefits arising from the im-
migration of the Hill Coolies.

We have the pleasure of recording another defeat of
ministers upon Lord Stanley's Registration Bill; upon
a vital question too ; for it was declared by his lord-
ship, that if in a minority upon the division, he should
consider it his duty to withdraw the measure altoge-
ther, We may, therefore, consider the result, which
was a majority of four against ministers, as a formal
recognition by the house of the principle of the bill.
The amendment, which was introduced by Lord
Morpeth, was to the effect that, instead of the annual
registration provided for by the measure before parlia-
ment, the present system of quarterly registration should
be adhered to. By the adoption of this proposition
the whole of the machinery, framed to prevent the ad-
mission upon the register of fictitious voters, would be
rendered almost useless, and one of the most valuable
portions of Lord Stanley's bill become a dead letter.
The opposition, however, to so insidious an alteration
was, for the credit of the house, triumphant, and the
Melbourne O'Connell ministry will have to furbish up
another weapon of obstruction against the next sitting
of the committee, which takes place on Thursday next.
What that weapon may be will depend upon " the
noses."

Well might Colonel Sibthorp tell the ministerial
leader in the House of Commons, who had thus again
and again been defeated upon this measure, that "with
the little hopes he had of carrying on the government,
it would be more decent for him to resign at once—to
assume a political virtue:if he had it not—to tamper
no longer with the country, and to prefer his character
to his quarter's salary !"

We find in the Liverpool Mercury of Friday a mass
of the usual stupidity of its drivelling editor, bearing
the taking title of " The Queen and the Tories." As
a matter of course, one half of our contemporary's
silly effusion is composed of secondhand slanders, and
the remainder of downright falsehoods of his own
invention, the absurdity of which fortunately is as ap-
parent as the malignity of heart by which they have
been prompted.
The object of the Mercury throughout this maudlin
rigmarole is to reiterate the charge brought against the
conservative party, upon the enormous lying principle
peculiar to whig-radical tactics, of being the abettors
of the " potboy plot" against the lives of her Majesty
and her illustrious consort. We shall certainly not at-
tempt to offer a serious reply to so contemptible a dri-
veller. The effusions of a brain muddy as the waters
of his favourite floating bath, and which, like the sand
and gravel of a filtering cistern, retains only the im-
purities of the element which passes through it, are
unworthy of the notice which we should feel disposed to
bestow upon those of an adVersary whose motives and
principles we could respect however much we might
differ from and reprobate their application. Upon the
Mercury, however, we have already shewn that serious
argument is thrown away.
" Destroy his web of sophistry ;—in vain :
The creature 's at his dirty work again ;"

and in any controversy with him we are forcibly re-
minded of the advice of Colton, in his " Laconics,"
when he says
" If you have a quarrel with a sweep, fee
your attorney. No man empties his own dunghill, or
clears his own kennel. These are the occupation of a
nightinan or a scavenger."
To one passage, however, of our contemporary's la-
boured tirade we feel that some reply is necessary, and
we enter upon the task the more readily because it in-
volves no waste of argument, but on the contrary re-
quires only to be designated as a wilful and
.deliberate
falsehood. We will transcribe it for the benefit of that
portion of our readers who do not habitually prostitute
themselves by perusing the filthy columns in which it
is contained.

" When the Rev. H. M'Neile made his famous Jezebel
speech, at Whitchurch, it was taken by his orthodox hearers
in the same sense in which -it was denounced by the loyal
Irishmen in our Sessions'-house, the other day ; the rev.
speaker must have seen that it was so taken, but he made
no disclaimer or explanation at the time, though he is now,
according to his own showing, one of the most fervent re-
joicers at the escape of her Majesty, and one of the most
attached and loyal of her subjects."
When this piece of insane malignity was penned its
writer was perfectly aware that it contained not one
particle of truth. It infers two charges : one against

the reverend gentleman himself, and the other against
the whole of his audience at \Vhitchurch, both of which
are utterly and notoriously false. The loyal Protes-

tants, before whom this " famous Jezebel speech" was

delivered, never applied the denunciation directed
against the unclean person of the "mother of abomi-
nations" to the sacred person of virgin royalty. The
allusion to the " woman Jezebel" was not received by
them in the same sense to which it has been deliberately
and wickedly distorted by a profligate ministerial press,
and in which it was applied by those whom the Mercury
has chosen to designate " the loyal Irishmen in our Ses-

sions'-house," but whom it might, perhaps, be more
correct to term the " hired ruffians of the Ribbon con-
spiracy ;" for a reference to another column will, we
imagine, be sufficient to settle the doubt, if any could
seriously be entertained, as to the existence of that
murderous and treasonable body in Liverpool.
It is equally untrue that the reverend gentleman was
aware of the sense in which the expression was taken,
and by his silence encouraged the application; for that
is the other charge intended to be insinuated by this
despicable libeller. " The rev, speaker," he says,
" must have seen that it was so taken, yet he made no
disclaimer or explanation at the time." The lie insi-
nuated in these few lines is as foul and atrocious as it
is absurd ; for the application of Mr. M`Neile's de-
nunciation of Popery to the person of the Sovereign
never existed in the mind of one loyal Protestant in
that meeting, and, consequently, needed no disclaimer
at the time. It was hatched in the impure imagina-
tions of the Popish press for a party purpose, and is
only persisted in at the present moment by the lowest
and most servile hacks of the ministerial faction. By
the respectable members of the party to which our
leaden or brazen Mercury belongs, the charge of dis-
loyalty which it infers has long been withdrawn and
repudiated.

It may, however, serve the purposes of a journalist
such as our contemporary, to prolong the circulation
of a slander in defiance of decency and honesty. We
are well aware of the depraved and debauched tastes
which his ribald publication is intended to gratify, and
should sincerely pity any - man of ordinary talent and
correct mind upon whom it might devolve to prosti-
tute himself weekly by catering from such loathesome
materials. For our contemporary, however, we can
feel no such compunctious visitings. Slander and mis-,
representation are the elements in which he delights;
and his mind and tastes are not of that character to re-
quire any lowering in order to enable him to discharge,
con amore, the dirtiest work of the dirtiest faction.

Will the Irish Catholic press of this country affect any
longer to doubt the fact, established beyond dispute by the
committee of enquiry last session, that throughout Ireland,
aye, and throughout England too—an illegal and treasonable
conspiracy is in full operation, undermining the bulwarks of
Protestantism throughout the empire, and striving by a sys-
tem of terrorism, and by the practice of midnight assassina-

tion and open noon-day outrage, to shake the security of
property, and to point the dagger at the throats of the sup-
porters of British connexion in the sister country ? A paltry
and un-English ministry have hitherto endeavoured by fraud,
by intrigue, by connivance with murder and with murderers,
to destroy the evidence of so black a spot upon the character
of the human race ; a hireling press has dealt out its ferocious
slanders against all those who, preferring truth to the base
ends of faction, have proclaimed and reiterated the fact of its
existence. But that fact—the fact that a secret association,
comprised of materials which Irish Catholics alone could
furnish, and of which treason is the object, and murder and
outrage the weapons, exists, and is increasing throughout Ire-
land and England, is now established beyond the possibility •
of cavil. The portal of the secret chamber of iniquity has at
length been forced, the monster-miscreant which has de-
luged and desolated Ireland with blood and crime is at length
seen seated at his midnight orgies; and let traitors, and
slaves of traitors, strive to .their uttermost to seal up the
damning evidence, and replace the veil of obscurity which
has hitherto shrouded the features and surrounded the foot-
steps of the murderer ; yet justice and truth will now, we
trust, be enabled to sweep from the land which be has pol-
luted, the demon whom the wiles and the falsehoods of Rome
have so long protected in his monstrous iniquities.
Yes—Protestants of England—the diabolical
.features of
Ribbonism are at length unmasked—unmasked too before a
British jury, and in a British court of justice. It is no longer
Irish Ribbonism, but Portsit RIBBONISM ! It is no longer
an agrarian or a local conspiracy to effect merely the objects
of private revenge, but a widely spread and perfectly organ-
ized conspiracy, with political objects in view, worked by
hidden machinery and guided by a master hand, at whose
mysterious bidding blood stains the sod, and the incendiary
fire glares up to the face of heaven. It is spread over the
entire provinces of Leinster, Ulster, and Connaught, and has
its branches in England—aye, and in Liverpool. We have
now these things on record. We have its grand secretary at
this present moment in prison, and declared guilty during
the past week by a jury of his countrymen. We have its
proceedings developed in the books of that secretary from the
month of March, 1838, to September, 1839. We have evi-
dence of its murderous operation, given by a government
witness, and we have evidence of its dangerous and frightful
tendency from the lips of an unwilling wilness—the Mel-
bourne-O'Connell Attorney-General for Ireland !

Yet, when we have endeavoured to awaken our countrymen

to a sense of their danger; when we have ventured to point

out the evidences of this secret association, to trace its agency
in the various ebullitions of Irish treason, and its connexion
with the various movements of Irish politics, we have been
assailed by the organs of the ministerial press with a virulence
evidently the emanation of conscious guilt, tremulous with
the fear of detection. The hired and venal tools of a govern-
ment, which winked at and fostered the enormity, might
well dread the storm of execration which a full developement
of the atrocious system, by whose worki►►g alone they were
enabled to retain within their corrupt grasp the emoluments

and patronage of office, would excite in the minds of a Pro-
testant people. They cannot now, we think, persist with
any decency in impugning the evidence which has been placed
before them. They shall not be allowed to mangle or to
suppress that evidence.
Our business is not now, however, with the system gene-
rally. We shall have other opportunities, and shall not
scruple to avail ourselves of them, to lay before our readers
the enormities of the Ribbon Conspiracy. Our present ob-

ject is to prove, from documents now in the possession of
Government, and produced by them at the trial of the Rib-
bon Secretary, Jones, that a branch of that conspiracy exists
in Liverpool ; and that from amongst the " Loyal Irishmen"
in this town—from amongst the men who compose the ruffian
audiences of our corporation spouters—there can be found
parties sworn and initiated into all the mysteries of this
bloodthirsty association of traitors. When we asserted this
fact on a recent occasion, our readers may remember the
rabid ire with which we were attacked by the representative
of the Irish Catholic party in Liverpool. We had then only
the authority—a sufficient one we think— of the evidence
given before the Committee of Enquiry respecting secret so-
cieties in Ireland; but we have now the evidence of docu-
ments traced to the possession of a leading agent of the so-
ciety, and laid before a jury by the Attorney-General for
Ireland as prosecutor for the Crown. But first let us give
the evidence of that gentleman himself.
The Attorney-General describes the Ribbon Association as
"a Secret Society, the members of which communicate by
secret signs, and they are to be found in many of the counties
of Ireland and in parts of England and Scotland." Again—
" The President of the National Board was Andrew Dardis,
and the Grand Secretary was Richard Jones." Amongst
the letters found with that prisoner, Richard Jones, we find
the following, dated

" Liverpool, 11th March, 1838.
" MR. ANDREW DARDIS.

" Sir,—l received yours of the 19th February. I thank you
for your present rule-book. ; my reason for not answering it
sooner was, that I knew it to contain palpable falsehoods.

" You also stated that in your next you would send me an
account how the shamrock was worn on St. Patrick's Day,
and the words to be used.
" I put any person to defiance in regard to my character ;
it is 14 years since I came first to this town. I was then only
16 years old. 1 resided in Dublin, out of the fourteen, three
years. I lodged for eighteen months at the house of —,
tile-cutter, Denmark-place,Deninark-street, who can certify
that I was a Catholic, not in name, but in reality. I then
attended my duty, and was within the bounds of my church,
which, Gon forgive me, I cannot be at present, through hav-
ing a communication with Ireland by signs and pass-words."
Here, then, is evidence sufficient of correspondence car-
ried on by the popish party in Liverpool with the heads of
this treasonable and murderous body. The question " how
the shamrock was worn on St. Patrick's Day" may furnish
some illustration of the extent to which the public processions
of the Irish Catholics of this town assimilate to the charac-
ter of Ribbon demonstrations. But we find, in addition to
this evident sympathy existing in Liverpool towards the ob-
jects of the society, that we have also a lodge with its officers
regularly organised, as the following document sufficiently
evidences :

" Dubli►►, 15th March, 1838.
"TO THE PRESIDENT, STEWARDS, AND MEN OF
LIVERPOOL.

" Gentlemen,—We, the central committee, who manage
all matters relating to our society, have examined the con-
tents of two letters, addressed by Mr. Wilson to our long
and well-tried president and secretary, Andrew Dardis and
Richard Jones, and consider their contents absurd and fool-
ish. We think it requisite for them to proceed to Liverpool
to have the matter at issue fully and fairly investigated be-
fore a full attendance of all persons holding offices in Liver-
pool, and to clear themselves of the charges of private cor-
respondence laid against them by Mr. Wilson, which we are
aware is not the case.

Can the police of Liverpool, we ask, discover no trace 01
such a body, or have they got their cue, and wink at its ex•
istence and its orgies ?
We find too that money is also furnished front Liverpool—
not an O'Connell rent such as that to which our worshipfu

Mayor and several of our enlightened aldermen and council-
lors contribute ; but Ribbon rent—a fund out of which to pay
the wages of blood, and the price of midnight murder. Bear
witness the following extract from a letter dated
" Dublin, May 28, 1838.

" Dear Friend,—We have received yours of the 25th, in
answer to your inquiry of the sum levied yearly off the men
of Liverpool for printing."
And, lest it should not be known how these Ribbon funds
are applied, we quote the following passage of the same
letter, premising that, in the Ribbon slang, the term
" Friend" means " member," or murderer it may be, and
" Friendship" " Ribbonism," or outrage of any description
perpetrated under the sanction of the society. The funds,
-then, we find are appropriated to the purposes of " sending

persons on missions to different parts of the country—feeing
counsel for pleading, and attorneys for drawing up briefs for
friends that were persecuted On account of friendship—to
give relief to tramps—to assist persons that had to fly on ac-
count of it—to assist FRIENDS in distress there—and many
other things which we cannot particularise at present."
Reader—Protestant reader—can such a system exist in the
bosom of Protestant England ? It can, alas ! and it does.
Yes—the emissaries of a bloodthirsty rebellion are in the
midst of you—are the favoured of your liberal corporation,
the pet creatures of your reform association, and the
brawlers at your public meetings.
That you may know what kind of being a Ribbonman is,
we will give you a specimen of the evidence of one of that
body—of the gpvernment witness—at the late trial of the
Ribbon Secretary. Hear Mr. Edmond Kennedy—Ribbon-
man and murderer—cross-examined by Mr. M`Donough.
" You seem to be a very comfortable person ; tell me, do
you sleep comfortably at night ?—Yes, certainly.
" You have a quiet conscience, of course ?—lndeed 1
have.

" Just so ; that is the reason you look so very comfortable
and well ; tell me, do you remember Ganley's murder ?—Yes.
" That might be one of the reasons you look so well ; I
knew you had a quiet conscience; you knew, I believe, he
was to have cot a slating ?'—l did.
" Upon your oath, were you not the very man that dogged
him to the scene of his murder ?—I WAS ! ! (Great sensa-
sion.) _ _ _ _ _ _

" Was be not murdered by ribandmen?—By ribandmen !
yes, he was murdered by ribandmen.
" Of course, as you know so much about this society, you
must know what its objects are. Was there any of the
money paid for slating ?'—No.
" No ! that was done for pure love, I suppose. You smile
at that, do you ?—I do not smile at it.
" Now, I ask you again, what were the objects of the
society ?—That is more than I can tell.
" Yes, more than you can tell, my innocent babe ! Do
you tell me you never had the curiosity to inquire what their
objects were ?—No, nor did I care.
" There was some little awkward thing done in the country
about that time, too, I believe ; another poor man got a
slating' on the canal ; what was his name ?—Rooney, I be-
lieve.

" When was he sent out of this breathing world ?—I don't
know. •

" Where did he live ?—Some place about the town of Kil-
dare. He was killed in the day time. I was, I suppose, a
couple of miles on before him on the canal the day he was

inju-red.

" What brought you there ?—I was after speaking to the
iersonwho_Was.gaing to do it to him "
And yet we find this miscreant, who was " after speaking

to the man who was going to do it for" the poor victim,
coolly and deliberately taking up the mangled and half-dead
carcase, and, perhaps in order to fast his eyes upon the
wretched object, keeping him for two nights and a day.
" Did you ever see him afterwards ?—Yes, I did ; he
stopped with me all that night and the night after.
" Did you not bring him in your boat after he got the
death blow ?—I did, indeed, and only for me he would get
more. ever informed of the man who beat him, for I
could not. _ . _

" Now, I have a curiosity to know were you ever in any-
thing else ? Aye, indeed, I was in many a thing.
" How many men were you in at the slating of ?—That is
more than I can tell. _

"Is not slating' a branch of the riband society ?—Yes
slating' is the principal branch of it. I was in at the beat-
ing of another man on Ormond-quay. I had not a bludgeon
in my hand. I was present when he Was beaten."
These enormities, reader, are performed, and their perk-
trators protected—aye, protected—in the 19th century, and
under a reform ministry, Faugh—how the term stinks in
our nostrils. But they must have an end ; and we trust that
end is• approaching. The fraudulent suppression of evidence
by the Irish Government may indeed, if tolerated, prolong,
as it has for years prolonged, their existence ; and we call
upon our conservative brethren throughout the country, and
especially upon the conservative press, to aid us in prevent-
ing the success of an object so fatally subversive of the inte-
rests of humanity. Is there no one to speak out on this sub-
ject in the House of Commons ?

The Palmerston Journal of Saturday evening, stung to
madness by the defeats which his patrons had sustained on the
previous night, endeavours to revenge himself by attacking
the Liverpool Standard and the Rev. Hugh M`Neile, both
of which appear to have sorely offended this antique red-
tapist. We should certainly have allowed our contemporary
a little license under the circumstances ; but we cannot al-
low even an angry opponent to utter falsehoods uncontra-
dieted ; and the Globe has had so many beatings of late, that
he might really have learned to keep his temper upon such
an every day occurrence.

Our contemporary, in his frenzy, asserts that the reception
which greeted Mr. M‘Neile at the meeting lately held at the
Sessions-house " forced him to withdraw ;" and marvels
that we, his " aiders and abettors," have " ventured to de-
fend him." It was no great stretch of daring on our part,
we can assure the Globe, to defend that rev. gentlemen from
any imputation coming from the lips either of our contem-
porary himself, or from those of the Ribbon traitors, who as-
sailed him m the Sessions-house. Mr. M`Neile, we tell the
Globe, was never " forced to withdraW" from that meeting ;
and how our contemporary, with all his well known official
assurance, could " venture" upon such an assertion, whilst
the very paper was before him in which the rev. gentleman's
chaste and beautiful speech, delivered at that meeting, is re-
ported verbatim, we are certainly at a loss to conceive.
In reply to the namby-pamby trash with which the Globe
has-spun out his-attaek upon Mr. M‘Neile and ourselves, we
refer him to the remarks addressed in another column to
another elderly old lady nearer home. Had our contempo-
rary read, in a spirit of fairness, the article upon which he
professes to found his remarks, he would not reiterate charges
so utterly untenable as those which, by garbling and misre-
presentation, he has endeavoured to fix, directly upon the rev.
gentleman, but indirectly upon the church, and the religion
of which he is so distinguished an ornament.
We cannot, even to satisfy the Globe, enter further into a
subject so disgraceful to Liverpool, as the interruption offered
by the Irish Roman Catholics to the proceedings of the
meeting at the Sessions-house. We admit the " yells and
hootings," which, to the discredit of the Mayor, who pre-
sided over that meeting, were allowed to mar its harmony ;
•and are well aware of the source from which they sprung—
viz., the galling consciousness, on the part of the slaves of
the Romish Priesthood, that the clear parallel drawn between
the infamous wife of King Ahab and that " Mother of

Abominations"—the Church of Rome—had been traced by
the reverend gentleman in characters which are never likely
to be effaced from the minds of the present generation. We

readily forgive this ebullition of vulgar bigotry and ignorance
from the Irish Catholics of the Sessions-house; and we can
pity and forgive the organ of a ministry, bound down in a
like slavish submission to the same power, for the exhibition
of any soreness which a contemplation of its degraded posi-

tion may occasion.
Our contemporary winds up his tirade by expressing aston-
ishment that we should propose to " insult" her Majesty by
introducing to her Mr. M`Neile as the bearer of an address
to the throne. We certainly never entertained the idea that
the loyal Protestant Clergy of the country were in much fa-
vour with the ministers of her Majesty ; and, considering the
description of parties lately presented at court, we can only
regret the fact for her Majesty's sake. A propounder of
Socialism, and even worse than that, would be a more likely
subject for court smiles than an orthodox and conscientious
minister of Christ.

The Rev. Robert Newton, the eminent Wesleyan minister,
who has been on a mission to the brethren in the United
States, is coming home in the packet-ship George Washing-
ton, which is expected to arrive every tide.
SCOTCH CHURCH, WoonslDE.—The new Scotch Church,
at Woodside, was opened for divine service, on Sabbath
last, by the Rev. Dr. Ralph, who preached in the forenoon,
and was succeeded by the Rev. John Park in the afternoon,
and the Rev. Alexander Munro, of Manchester, in the
evening. The discourses were eloquent and suitable; and,
while the great end for which the church was erected was
impressively urged, there was also much to call forth a long
cherished love for the venerable Kirk of Scotland. We are
gratified to find that the Scottish residents at Woodside have,
in building a commodious church, added an architectural
ornament to the neighbourhood. The collection during the
day amounted to nearly £6O.
THE EXHIBITION AT TIIE MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.
—This extensive and varied exhibition has daily attracted a
large concourse of visitors, who have expressed themselves
in terms of the highest admiration. We are glad to find that
the industrious classes have largely availed themselves of the
reduced price of admission, and that the rooms have been
usually crowded iu the latter part-of the day. The attendance
on Saturday night was extremely numerous. It is gratifying
to see the working classes thus generally indulging in so ra-
tional a recreation.

- -
THE MODEL OF THE BATTLE OF `WATERLOO.—The
room in which Captain Siborn's model of the field of
Waterloo is exhibited is becoming a fashionable resort. We
need not wonder at this when we consider the elaborate
exactness and fidelity of the model, and the magnitude of
the event which it so beautifully illustrates. It has been
aptly remarked that the spectator actually
" Stands upon the place of skulls,
The grave of France, the deadly Waterloo."
He feels around him a sense of reality that the most ac-
curately drawn plan could not possibly convey. If he be a
military man, he has the great game laid down before him on
a scale that admits of his not only seeing the moves, but the
intentions that dictated them, and the consequences by which
they must be followed. If a civilian, he has the hitherto
impossible opportunity of being personally a spectator of the
moving incidents of the battle. The exhibition may be seen
with equal advantage both by daylight and the aid of gas.
DUDLEY CHURCH RATE.—The friends of the church at
Dudley have achieved a noble triumphs over their opponents.
At the final close of the poll on Saturday last there appeared
For the Rate. 728
Against the Rate

Majority for the Rate • 419
DUTIES OF CUSTOMS, EXCISE, AND ASSESSED TAXES.—
The following is the breviate of the recent act for granting
to her Majesty duties of customs, excise, and assessed taxes.
—l. Au additional duty of 1:5 per cent. on the amount of all
customs and excise duties, except spirit., corn, and post
horses. 2. An additional duty of 4d. per gallon laid upon all
spirits imported. 3. An additional duty of 4d. per gallon on
British spirits. 4. Additional drawbacks allowed. 5. Du-
ties, &c., of customs to be under the management of com-•
missioners of customs. 6. Duties, drawbacks, and allow-
ances of excise to be under the management of the commis-
sioners of
.excise, and to be collected and applied under the
laws of excise. 7. Providing for contracts made before the
imposition of additional duties. 8. An additional duty of
£lO per cent. on the duties of assessed taxes granted. 9.
Commissioners, &c., appointed to put in execution former
acts relative to the duties of assessed taxes, and to put in
execution the present act with relation to the additional duty
thereon. 10. The assessors to ascertain the amount of the
additional duty of assessed taxes, and to certify the same to
the commissioners. 11. Additional duties of assessed taxes
to be ascertained, collected, &c., in like manner as former
duties. 12. Exemption from duty of windows opened since
sth' of April, 1835, under'4 and 5 William IV., c 73. I'3.
Duties of assessed taxes reduced on certain carriages kept to
be let for hire with horses. 14. Act to be in force from 14th
May, 1840. And 15. May be amended in this session.

CORRESPONDENCE.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

THE BRITANNIA STEAM-SIIIP.—We had prepared a long
descriptive article of this magnificent vessel, but, after
placing it in the handa,of the compositors, were compelled
to postpone, it until ?why.
Several communications have been unavoidably withdrawn
owing to want of space. Our correspondents must have

patience.
SITES FOIL PUBLIC PARIS.—We shall attend to the letter of

" Gamma" on Friday.
The communication of " Honestatis Amiens" shall appear in

our next.

" AV. J. R." is not forgotten. We shall endeavour to make
room for his letter on Friday.
We have submitted the query of " A Constant Reader" to
the consideration of a legal friend, but have not yet received

his answer.
The verses on " My Native Land," though they abound in
beautiful ideas, are too carelessly written to meet the pub-
lic eye. The rhyme, in two or three instances, is defective.
" Maria Louisa Mordaunt," who dates her note from No. 5,
Charles-street, had better communicate with the editor of
the Mercury on the subject of the lost umbrella.
LIBERAL OPPRESSION.—" Fair Play" says that he has
made the fullest inquiry into the circumstances enume-
rated in the letter which appeared under the head of " A
Gross Case of Liberal Oppression," in our paper of the
lath instant; and assures us that they are substantially
_ _

correct. Ile adds that the Mayor's "Man Friday" was
actively engaged in procuring, the dismissal of the poor
man. Such dirty work is quite congenial with the charac-
ter of the Conceited upstart.
A London correspondent has handed us the following des-
cription of a scene which occurred within the last few
weeks, at the residence of the premier. On the day in
question it was noticed that smoke was issuing from the
chimney of his lordship's mansion, from which it was con-
jectured that a cabinet dinner, or some equally important
matter, was on the tapis. From inquiries, however, in the
neighbourhood, our correspondent ascertained that such
was not the fact, and that his lordship's sole female do-
mestic, a cook much the worse for wear, had only gone to
- the cxpense of a fire in the kitchen, for the purpose of
warming a few scraps, which had found their way from the
palace in the great coat pocket of the coachman. There
was, however, a fire also in the breakfast-room, in which
his lordship was, in the course of the day, visited by a dap-
per little gentleman, with whom he was closeted for a con-
siderable puriod. Into this room at length Sophia—for by
that euphonious name his lordship's cook is distinguished
from more vulgar menials—was summoned, when the fol-
lowing colloquy took place, his lordship having, in the first
instance, performed the necessary ceremony of introduc-
tion thus—" The Mayor of Liverpool, Sophia: Mr. W.,
allow me to introduce to you Sophia—a very superior wo-
man, sir; very." His worship was dumb-foundered;
Sophia wiped the grease from her mouth with her apron,
and curtsied. " Sophia," continued his lordship, " I wish
you to play his worship that very pretty ballad, My Lute
and Harp.' I will accompany it with a new version of
the song." Sophia " blushed celestial rosy red," and sate
down to the piano, when his lordship rose and accompanied
her with the following classic and beautiful lines :
" I give thee all, I can no more,
Though small the offering be ;
A Knighthood poor is all the store
Which I have got for thee.
" Fain would'st thou be a Baronet,
But that, Sir Mayor, 's no go ;'
I durst not for my coronet
Whilst Daniel says—Oh, no.
" If e'er thou should'st be made M.P.,
And would'st thy title mend,
Vote black is white, for Dan and we .
Perchance may be thy friend.
" A seat, Sir Joshua, you see,
We cannot do without it;
But gull some soft constituency,
And then we'll talk about it. •
The Knight-Mayor was off to Liverpool that evening per
railway, like a flash of lightning.
