THEATRE-ROYAL, LIVERPOOL

Air R. MACKAY takes leave to acemint his Fri,pnds and
11'1 the Public of Liverpool, that his BENEFIT 's fixed for
FRIDAY next, the 11th instant, when will he pert med, for the
first time in this Theatre, an Historical Play, ed
' JAMES THE FIRST OF ENGLA " AND THE
/
*SIXTH OF SCOTLA . -
King James Mr. Mackay.
• After which, an Interlude, called
THE CLECKENN INN.
Meg. Dodds...-.(the Landlady)....Mr. Mackay.
i,
The whole to conclude with Shakspeare's Afterpiece of
CATHERINE AND PETRUCHIO.
Petruchio Mr. Cooper.
Tickets to be had at the Box-office of the Theatre, and of Mr.
MACKAY, 12, Houghton-street.

R. HENSHALL has the honour to announce that on
IVI WEDNESDAY, the 16th September instant, he intend*
gividg.o
GRAND kMISCELLANEOUS CONCERT,

At the ADELPHI HOTEL, for which occasio. Several
EMINENT VOCAL AND INSTRUME b. AL PER-
FORMERS ARE ENGAGE ►,
(Including Miss HAMILTON, and Miss . • AMTLTON, of the
Theatre-Royal, Dubli

Mr. E. BROWN, by particular desire, will repeat the cele-
brated Bolero, by Nicholson, which was so well received at his
Concert, on the 2d instant.

In the course of the Evening will be introduced a selection
from HsirDN's and MOZART'S Masses, with a full Chorus.
An effective QIIINTETTE BAND is engaged.

Mr. HENSHALL will preside at the Piano-forte.

Tickets, ss. each; or a. Family Set of Fire, One Pound, to
be had at all the Music Shops, and at the Bar of the ADEL Pt.
HOTEL. .

. LIVERPOOL ANNUAL -ExHifirrioN, '-
POST-OFFICE-PLACE; CHURCH- REET.
•riviE Eleventh ANNUAL EXFIII3ITI ,of the WORKS
I. of MODERN ARTISTS is vow EN, and will cou,
tinue eaeh day, from Nine in the Morn' until Dusk.
SAML. EGLINGTON. Secre ry to the Academy.
Admission, One Shilling; Catalogue One Shilling.
Season 'rickets, Five Shillings.
•
Ezhibitiun-rooms, Auyiist '24, 1835. •

Ebe

TUESDAY MORNING, SEP7'EMBER 8, 1835

We have received a file of Charleston papers to the
12th August. They are filled, with. events of fearful im-
portance, inasmuch as the alternative offered by the Ca-
rolinas is an arbitrary andiniquitous protection of their
property in their slaves, or an immediate dissolution of
the federal union. , At a meeting of the proprietors and
planters, held at Charleston on the 11th of August, the
following, among other resolutions, were voted and
carried by acclamation :

Resolved,—That we hold it to he an unquestionable truth
that the subject of slavery, as it now exists in the slave-holding
states of this union, is, in all its bearings, a nomuszic cluEsTiots,
belonging exclusively to the citizens of these states; that the
peciple of 110 other state hate any right to interfere therewith in
any manner whatsoever, and that such interference is utterly in-
consistent with the federal compact, and cannot be submitted
to.

Resolved,—That we regard with the utmost indignation and
abhorrence the proceedings of those INCEND IA it /ES 111 some of
our sister states who, under the name of anti-slavery societies"
and other specious appellations, are undermining our insti-
tutions, regardless of the fatal consequences which must inevi-
tably result from the prosecution of their nefarious schemes,
which, if successful, could not fail to involve the southern states
in ruin, and produce the utter destruction of that class of per-
sons for whose welfare they pretend to be so solicitous.
The statements recently but forth of the existence at this
time of 250 dumb societies in 13 states, and the weekly issue
from a single press in the city of New York, of from 2at0.50,000
copies of these incendiary pamphlets and papers with which
our public mail has been lately burdened, and which are now
spreading their deleterious influence throughout the southern
states, admonish us of the absolute necessity of taking prompt
and decisive measures to avert the dire calamities which such
proceedings are so well calculated to.produce.
Resolve4,—That these proceedings have brought about a
cats's, which makes an earnest, anewe trust that it may prove
an irresistible, appeal to all such of our fellow-citizens in the
non-slave holdiug states as may disapprove of these societies and
their measures, calling upon them by every consideration of
duty and of PATRIOTISM, to manifest that disapprobation not
rueleiy by the expression of their. opinions, but by the most
active, zealous, and persevering efforts to put down these asso-
ciations, and to suppress that fanatical spirit which, in pursuing
an imaginary good, is regardless of the teal consequeuces which
are inseparable even from its continued prosecution, among
which, not the leastAo he4amentert, would be'l'll E CERTAIN'
DESTRUCTION OF ;CUE . . - -
Resolved,—That under our political system, where a number
of sovereign states are united together, liy a wiitten compact, in
a federal union, for special purposes only—each member of such
an union has an unquestionable right to expect and require
(what is indeed the very basis of such a connexion,) that no in-
terference whatever shall take place with her nosiEwric PoLicv
Or PECULIAR INSTITUTIONS, either by the constituted authori-
ties of the federal or other state governments, or by the peitiple
of other states, and it is the imperative duty of each state to
prevent, by suitable penalties and provisions, their own citizens
from being guilty of any such 'interference with the domestic
policy of any other slate..
Resolved,—Thal the postoflice establishment cannot, consis-
tently with the coustitutiouof the United States, and the object.;
of such an institution, be converted into an instrument for the
dissemination of iuceudiary publications, and that it is the duty
of the federal government to provide that it shall not be so pros-
tituted, which can easily be effected by merely making it un-
lawful to transport by the public•mail, through the limits of any
state, any seditious papers, forbidden by the laws of such state,
to be introduced and distributed therein, and by adopting the
necessary regulations to effect the object.

Resolved,—That for the purpose of making such an earnest ap-
peal to the people of the non-slave holding states, as mkt- convince
them of the true state of the public feeling among us, it would in the
opinion of this meeting be desirable to bring about a cordial co-
operation among all the states having a common interest with us,
either through a CONVICTION, or in any othe' way best calcu-
lated to embody public sentiment, so that the truth may be
made known, that however we may differ among ourselves ou
other points, we are on this subject united us oNE man in the
fired and UNALTERABLE determination to maintain our rights and
defend our property against ALL ATTACKS—be the consequences
WHAT THEY may.
Resolved,—That the City Council be aiso requested to take the
• proper measures to secure the strict performance of the duty
unposed by the laW upon the Harbour Muster, of keeping ,a cor-
rect list of all persons arriving at, and departing from this port;
and that they also request the President and Directors of the
Rail-road Company, to have correct lists of all persons arriving
auddeparting by that conveyance, %; hether white, free-coloured,
or slaves. and that measures be taken to have these lists regu-
larly examined to the extent, that incendiaries, and other evil
disposed persons ; corning among us, or attempting to pail
through this state, may be detected and exposed.

What the effect of these resolutions will be it is im-
possible to say; but if we may judge from the crimes
which haveactually been committed, there is every reason
to fear that it will only tend to excite greater apprehen-
Sion, and lead to still more inhuman outrages. Tile %.ohple
of the southern states are exasper;ted to a degree Whkh

1 ~~

SEPTEMERR 6, 1535.

it is impossible to describe. The slave owners.are arming
themselves in all directions, and every man who is sus-
pected of 'being favourable to emancipation is shot or
hung- The " Reign of Terror" began about the end of
Jul!'. On the 29th of that month, saysilhe Charleston
Courier, "a conversation was overheard by two gentle-
men of an intended insurrection. Upon examination of
the report it was deemed alarming, and ttvo negroes
were examined on the Ist July, but the evidence being
1 'efficient to satisfy the people of their guilt, they were
remanded to prison. On the 2d, many of the citizens be-
coming sensible of their great danger and guilt of the two
who were first examined, seized and hung them without,
further ceremony ! !
, The Courier then continues to inform us, that a com-
mittee was appointed to watch over the public safety.
They act as follows :
"The first two white men brought before the committee were
bra. Joshua Cotton and Sanders, ( steam doctors,) who were, on
rte 4th August; tried, convicted, and executed. Cotton con-
islsed (not on the gallows, for there was none, and they were
"ailed on the aide of an obi gaol, ruspendcd frOin-the grating
71) the window), his guilt, and implicated many white men and
hatid said
.that there were 'many negroes attached to
the Peole to 'beware o to,night, ;a-in/avow, and next night.'
attics p
of horsemen weref then despatehed to arrest white men
," negroes. On the 6th, Gregory, aged 72 years, was Feu-
to 50 lashes, and to leave the state in 48 hours. Terre!,
'ale(' 50, .received 150 lairfies,' and to leave in •48 hours. This
Punishment is called slicking, 'and is performed in the following
Palmeri—The prisoner is stripped naked; laid on his belly, his
",ads and feet Listened to four pegs, vilien, from a culeman, be
receives the stripes from different hands. The younger was
I.t. M
slicked with a Vengeance, his back teas ei-ally:flayed.' Lee
rriith was ordered 'Out •of the State in 45 hours, but was after
,fa7(ls art ested his net of Hinder County, and slicked!
.p;wo more white men, Dean, of Connecticut, and Dunovan, of
-ntucky, were convicted; and, on the.Bth, expiated their crime's
"der a rude gallows erected in the centre of the village f! !"
While these proceedings are going on in Charleston,
and
a dre4dful. fire ravablog Yoik, Baltimore is
41s° m'reine of rie,t,,s-plunder, .a;wl mur-.
`ter• About the Bth Of AngUst placards appeared in the
streets of Baltimore, calling upon the " respectable citi7
zene. to avenge.thernselves of. some real or imaginary
wrongs inflicted upon them by certain other citzens who
are called "Bank Robbers." It would appear that a
bank in the town had stopped payment, and as some of
the leading inhabitants were proprietors or shareholders
it was deemed expedient, in the cause of liberty, to burn
their houses. and. .ElestrOy their property. The New
rork looting Courier, of the 13th August, has the fol-
lowing
letter. - •
"BA LTIMORE, Aun. 10, 1835.—Sir --I gave you by the last
11?1 a hasty account of the riots in this' city, and brought it, I
puieve up to the destruction of the house and furniture of
na Glenn. The mayor yesterday resigned his trust into the
hands of Mr. Sanderson, the sheriff, who used every exertion
f raise osse of citizens, but failed in his efforts, on account
the genperal disapprobation of the citizens at large of the
'vne on Saturday night. It is a hard thing to level the deadly
f:aPpuat tbe breast of a fellosv.citizen ; and such is tbemixedcon-
Csion in cases of mobs, that many an unoffending citizen may
e the sufferer. The sheriff finding his power at an end, sur-
rendered the city to the military; but the officers were unable
arciev their men to duty, there being no existing militia law
w, the state. Free scope was consequently given to the mob,
1,"-rvere solely bent on.destroying the property of the 'Bank
lubbers: as they-are Clubbed.
"At an early.hour. in, the evening, (divine service wee sus-
4oded,) they assembled hi Monument-square, in front of the
se of Revert's, Johnson, Esq., a beautiful edifice, with a
splendid Italian 'portico, and highly finished exterior and inte-
rior.
Theywent to work quite systematically—bursting in the
C°4 and windows—throwing the rich furniture out—piling it
ill'. in the middle of the square, and applying fire to it—every
1:Ing was consumed—the portico was thrown down, and the
Wrase now stands a heap of ruins! The crowd of spectators
cis, immense, a great portion of whom were ladies! The in-
,_°"iligable labourers were cheered on by. a majority of the
11,1."4'11, and every loud crash was accompanied by wild yells and
ay..N of handkerchiefs from the windows.
.„%tri mil the house of R. Johnson they proceeded to that of Mr.
th.r• Willi one of the trusteei of -the Bank of Maryland—
ls shared the same fate, and a vast quantity of rich furniture
.7`" committed to the flames. They then attacked the house, of
ease Hunt, the mayor of the city ; this too shared a like fate,
tho
„; nith some.of the furniture was preserved by the fire compa-
Wes- From thence a detachment went to the house of Captain
e.atzinge, who was conspicuous as one of the-Mounted guard.
Hl5 family fled, and hisfuraiiture was consumed.
p Anottier detachmenyient to the house of Mr. Ellicott, in
ratt-street. The furniture was partially destroyed., but the
hOren
respected, it being the property of a widow lady.
t l'oultney, who figures so conspicuously in the Bank eon-
trovesy. lives next door to Mr. Ellicott; his house and furni-
:re were not touched, and they (it is said) even cleaned the
';'lls of his door which they had muddied with their feet! I
• Insa -understood that the house of Lawyer Grill-was assailed,
and. the furniture destroyed.
The governor of the state has arrived in town—a
.public
meeting'r is now being held in the Exchange; what they intend
10ilig know not. A great portion of the mob have gone to
1'
janklin, about six miles from the city. to tear down the house
v._ Win- Freeman of the Susquehanna. Bridge-mud Rankine:
\'''vrinipany—and, as sonre say; to tai wharfe Capt.assicre,
•" is residing there. 'The lumber of Hugh M'Eldery
IS threatened for to-night; the house of Mr.
.Sandersou, the
*.fietiff, and houses of several others.
"This is the most populqir mob Vhave ever witnessed, and I
have seen several-7many.of%ur most esteemed citizens' wink at
11,--the poor have suffered; they.coold not get redress through
"e law, and so they have sought it in their own way, as ruinous
•it may eto th interesof our city—the c
-rPhans are loud,e and they will be answered.ries of widows and
k.."NticE O'CLOCK.—The city. is under martitl law • General
.
• lel Smith has command of the Wizen troops, which amount
nearly to a thousand. The mob are armed and toganiied—the
"P ftre, and houses closed-LnoWiftid then:a shot may be heard;
0 Pitched battle as ye.Wi
• Where, when, or boas all this is to end.we do not pre-
to conieettire. .-There'does not appear .-fo be aO,
"Ord paid to law or authority, to reason or justice, in
• Y Part of the republic. The right of free-thinking,
far less of free-speaking, is denied to white men in the'
• dof liberty. It is not deemed a crime to hang men
on 6lispicton, and without the form of a trial ; but it is a
"taus offence to think that.the slave in Charleston has
as
much right to be free as the slave in Jamaica. It is
-an unpardonable outrage to issue a -bank note and not
l'aY the said note to the people on demand; but it is mere
Vort to shoot and hang gamblers, and capital diversion
in
Plunder the insolvent or the unfortunate'. It is the
land of strange liberty and ferocious freedom with a yen-
c4tlce !

bit RcisttT
NEL dined with his constituents and a
buinetous party rof gentlemen of the county of Stafford,
4t
'raßlNVOrth, on Friday last. 'f he demand .fir tickets
'as quite unexampled, hundreds Of persons being unable
f 1 any terms. to. procure admission to the Town-hall.
,1v
e have given as full a report of the proceedings and of
the speech of the right honourable baronet as our limits
tve'lld permit, 'and we invite our readers to an attentive•
Perusal of the latter. •
It is gratifying to observe that every opportunity is
I
'4er' to render to Sir ROBERT PEEL those marks of re-
gard which he merits,- and which, he has won from all
. ''hisses Of his countrymen. The temperate,.the judici-
''tts, and the independent course he pursued during his
d'art administration, when contending against a faction
%tilt:4e majority consisted of Irish papists, will long be.,
remembered, and will ensure for the right honourable
4entletnan such support at the next election as must give,
complete triumph to his principles. He was defeated, but
not disgraced; he was discomfited, not subdued... With
"very desire to improve and amend the laws and institu-
'Otis of his conntry,he will notstiffer any one sacred prin-
Ple of the church or the monarchy to beassailed. He and
the Party to Which he belongs have never objected to re-
-I"ye abuses or remedy
.grievances ; but they sternly and
‘`'etisistently oppose all experiniental measures which they
'"Osider inapplicable to a limited monarchy, and all
'measures whatsoever of a revolutionary' natin e which are
'calculated, and by some men intended, to produce that
stale of anarchy in this country which has led to fright.
ill tyranny and bloodshed in France, and which is at
this moment convnlsing the whole of the great American
t'ePublie.
Sir ROBERT was extremely happy in that part of his
: Peech where he showed, in language borrowed from
"emselves, what the whigs think of O'CONNELL, and
li.hat he thinks concerning them. During the adminis-
tration of Lord GREY, when Lord MELBOURNE was
oloe Secretary, the following paragraph was intrqduced
into the king's speech :
I have seen with feelings of deep regret and just indignation
the Continuance of attempts to excite the people of England to
de
nland a repeal of the legislativeunion. To the practices which
have been used to produce disaffection to the state, and mutual
'trust and animosity between the people of the two countries,
are chiefly to be attributed the spirit qf i
tho nsubord•ination,which,
ugh for the present in a great degree controlled by the power
,31„
(pkthe law has been but too perceptible in many places.
—ueers).,.
In thi •
s paragraph, which his Majesty read in the most
P;)irted and emphatic manner, O'CoNNEI.I. is denounced
almost by name. There could be no mistake as to whom
11te King had been advised by the whigs, and by Lord
j'zELBOURNE among the rest, to brand thus openly as
the chief instigator of crime and instilaordinationio he'
la nd• The whigs considered O'Cossrm in the Jigbt of
a
outlaw—a man of desperate guilt, who ,Onwpd, the
'deers of justice, and agaiPpi whom it wafilfettarrt°'

issue a proclamation, not, indeed, puffing a price upon
his head, but warning allsthe loyal subjects of the King
to avoid his society, and prevent the execution of his
designs. But O'CONNELL had his answer, and two or
three weeks after the delivery of the speech by the King
in person a letter was addressed by the outlaw to Lord
DuNcANsoN, in which were the following words:—

" You belong to the whigs, and after four years of the most
emaciating experience, we ought indeed to have known that
Ireland had nothing to expect from the whigs* but intolerant
contempt, and malignant but treacheronshostility. In plain truth,
my lord, it is quite Manifest that Lord Melbourne is quite incom-
petent to the high ggice he holds. (Loud cheers and laughter)."
It is necessary to state that Lord MELBOURNE had just
then•been raised to the office of premier. At that time
he and his colleagues treated O'CoNNELL with the ut-
most severity and harshness; not more so, we admit, than
he deserved,'but remarkable as forming a strange con-
trast to the tone now expressed towards him, and
furnishing a curious comment upon the union or " holy
alliance" which has recently taken place between them
They then denounced him—he in return snapped his
filthy fingers at them; they called him thief—he retorted
by calling them ;contemptible, but malignant and trea-
cherous bkickguards. This is the real meaning of their
reciprocal abuse,hen 'translated into intelligible Eng-
lish ; and, after'4ll,; how few men are there who will not
believe that both wereriotht and. correct in the: estimate
of each Other's Character ? Those Opini6ns -of those
parties," says SiriRoBERT. PEEL, " are. now upon record,
and are'beeome Matter of history; In January last, as
I have shown, one of the parties was not content with the
others; yet now he is in close anddreetionate
.union with
them. (Cheers and laughter.) • However;all I can say
is," continued the right honourable baronet; " that they
have sactificedon.the altar of their cot' mtry
hostili Het; iiC4,;thAt"ifoi6U has givgri.tto title party torprct;
and to the other POWER."' •

The people of England 'cannot fail to learn keit this
into whose bands :they have fallen, and for what selfish
and piratical pbriioses the two factions have embraced
each other. The fable of the monkey-justice is reduced
to practice; Lord4orm RUSSELL being the one, and
O'CONNELL the other—the cheese is JOHN BULL, and a
soft cheese it is. The vvhigs have been lifted into office
by the beggar, and they receive their salaries, the only
thing they.care about; while the beggar has for his re-
ward the honour of legislating for Ireland, of aggran-
dizing his power in- that country, and at the same time
directing all his energies against the protestant popula-
tion and our 'religious establishments. Has he succeeded
as he expected ?, :No. Will he succeed ? No.- He hap
been allowed to dictate the measures whiCh he deems
well calculated to promote hig ambitious and detestable
views—he 'has had_ the ready support of a subservient
and degraded ministry—he haa had the liberal support of
an obedient, enslaved, and unprincipled majority in the
House of Commons; and with their consent he passed the'
church robbery bill, the corporation robbery bill, the
police patronage bill, and Various. other bills alike in-
iquitous, all of which the lords have kicked down stairs
in the most unceremonious but praiseworthy manner;
O'CONNELL, therefore, 'has only played a losing game.
Great were the hopes held out to him, and most tempt-
ing- the ministerial bribe; but the realization of
the one -and the value of the, other depended upon
circumstances over which he had no control, while
the session being nearly at an end; he is left in the ken-
nel, not a fouler...lna certainly a more. disappointed =n-
il= lie' nt' its commencement. And this is not all.
His registration bill, too, has been thrown out. What a
calamity ! pn this he relied as his only chance of secur-
ing his seat at-the next election for Dublin. His present
seat is not only in' peril—t is actually do's:med. O'CoN-
NELL knows that. at this moment be is not the member for
Dublin. He knOWs that he is actually in a minority of
votes exceeding seven hundred, and. that befOre the end
of the inquiry he- will. be upwards of a thousand. Had
he been able toaalatain a qualification for the lowest. rah•
ble of the popish.towineherd of Dublin, as he strove hard
to obtain, be might:have succeeded on anew trial. But
as the law stands lie has no more chance of being again
, ,
the 'member- for .tue,tristr. metropolis than Vathe; MA.
avian has of Inle. Archbishop of Canterbury. In fine, ,
so grievously is het' disappointed—so cruel have the lords
been. in their conduct towards him—so false have been
• the lights by which he has .steered, and so delusive the
professionsmade him by his whig friends, that it would
not surprise if lie should in a violent tit of rage,
sometime before Christmas, apply his lash to the
backs of those Who have betrayed him, expose the
cheat played upon him, and castigate the " base
whips " with his usual severity and natural -savage-
ness. We lOok • forward to this "'meeting of the
•waters- with no..)ittle anxiety. O'CONNELL is not a
man to bear tampering with, far less disappointment
coming in the' form of ingratitude, without receiving,
like a thief's' attorney, the quid pro quo. He has been
shockingly ill used,. Next to Lord BROUGHAM, he is.tbe
worst used roan in the king's doini,niOns. • The poor whig-
chanCellor was tosSed. overboard by Lord kiwi and the
.ministry as a "free citizen of the states," the captain of
an American slasier on the " middle passage" would a
poor African, on sight of a British man-of-war. The,
noble.and learned lord has raved a good -deal since, try.
i ng hard to laugh off his suffering and his indignation, and.
professing to support the very men who have treated him
'with so much indignity ; but, alas there is in his tone
and gestures that which speaks the rankling and the
writhing of the spirit within.
O'CONNELL has:been served by the " base Whigs," as
lie has called them fifty times over, in a similar way.
'They have actually
Made sport of him for the most piti-
ful and selfish purposes. " ISACUAR," says the law-
giver, " is a strong ass bowed down between two. bur.
.thens." O'CONNELL, we admit, is not quite respectable
enough to be called an ass. That appellation is .more
applicable to the t` roaring RUSHTON" school of poli-
ticians. Still he is treated, as if lie 'were; and,
as lie must he conscious of it, we reckon- upon his
kicking most fiercely as aeon as he sets foot upon
the "gem of the sea." And why should he not
kick ? What haw It got •in - reparation, or in so-
lutium, as. the Scotch lawyers. say, for all the reproaches
he has borne—all the cull's he has takenall theaffronts
lie has received Nothing at all. He has been the go-
vernment,
.the whole government, :and nothing but the
government. He hishad all the hard work of the session to
perforin, and not a tdnpenr&y is lie the richer.- He has kept
the ministry in.nflitCe`froi# the first daY:of April last until
the present moment; and lie can keep them in or turn them
out just when he pleases. 'He has put at least one huh-
. dred thousand patinas into their pockets,- and twice as
much' more into the pockets of their dependents ; and vet,
I foh shame I he has.Aot been allowed to carry a police bill,
or his ownpartictrilit patronage, nor a registration bill
to save his own seat', nor an appropriation bill to benefit
the "poor derv' of .the ould church." Is not this too
had ? They have nnt-only :rejected all his betutiful and
patriotic measures, but what is worse, the Premier himaelf
has actually *carped and snubbed at him in the House of
Lords, looking dam upon him contemptuously as if he
were the dust at his. feet, denying, oh St. Louis !--denying
that lie knew any thing about him, disclaiming his sup-
port., and telling the world, in a bold and barefaced man-
ner, that lie (O'CONNELL) was a. mop too vile for Lori
MELBOURNE to scrape his aristocratic boots upon at the
doors of the TreasarY . •

Will O'CONNELL 'submit to this one short month
longer? ..Will be thus suffer himself, without fee or re-
ward, to he trampled "upon by a whig Saxon ? The
whole world knows that. he has been the main-stay of the
will?. administration. No man
,knows better than Lord
MELBOURNE that but for the support of O'Cotsim, his
ministry could not'have held together for a single week.
Why, then, so openly, so ostentatibusly, so insultingly
kick away the sole prop of the session ? If O'CONNELL
be paid for this abject submission—if his silence be a
matter of purchase per contract—.if he has been the
turnspit bought to be beaten—that will alter the case ;
but until we are assured that such is the fact, we shall
continue to expect an explosion of secrets and of violated
pledges at the.. next meeting in the Corn-market .CI
Dublin.

It is generally believed that, before we can ?gain lizive
the. pleavure of adilressing" our readers, the municipal
reforth bill will either be finally 'arnetid-erl arid- passed,
or whily tejected.by the Hoitse.,of (30orisiioni..: Ai. we
