LOCAL NEWS.

PENMANSHIP.—Mr. Thompson, writing-master, Clayton-
square, continues, we perceive, to tender his ,assistance to
bad or indifferent writers. Those who labour under the mis-
fortune of writing a scrawling hand cannot apply to an abler
instructor for improvement. •
A " SUB-MARINE" VILLAGE.—Our contemporaries of
Saturday, in detailing the opening of a new hotel, describe
it as situated in " the pleasant sub-marine village of Sea-
bombe !" The inhabitants of this very " pleasant" village
can never be in want of a bath. We should fancy that diving
bells would be a more suitable mode of conveyance to such a
village than steam packets.
THE RACES.—The meeting this day is likely, should the
weather prove fine, to be of a first-rate character. Numbers
of strangers, from all parts of the kingdom, have already ar-
rived, and the hotels are full, many noblemen and gentlemen
having engaged rooms for the week. The entries are good
for each day, and, from the quality of the horses which have
arrived, capital sport may be expected.
DR. SCORESBY.—We are glad to find that this distin-
guished scholar and eminentfpreacher, has been recently ap-
pointed Vicar of Bradford. It will be recollected that Dr.
Scoresby was, for many years, the minister of the Mariner's
Church in this town.
TRADESMEN'S CONSERVATIVE ASSOCIATION. The
quarterly meeting of this valuable body took place last even-
ing in the large room of the Queen's Arms. The names of
55 new members were announced, who had joined the asso-
ciation during the last three months. The meeting was I
addressed in a most spirited manner by the chairman, Mr.
Robertson Gladstone, Mr. C. Bushell, Mr. Francis Foster,
Mr. Richard Griffiths, and several other gentlemen. Reso-
lutions, connected with the registration of voters, were agreed
to, and amongst other business, an address of congatulation
to the conservatives of Ipswich was directed to be trans-
mitted to Mr. Cobbold, expressive of the admiration felt at
the spirited manner in which they have vindicated the con-
servative principles of their borough.
THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.—Last night another gala
took place at these gardens, and was very numerously at-
tended by a highly fashionable assemblage of ladies and gen-
tlemen. In this precarious climate, it frequently occurs that
out-door exhibitions, however excellent the previous arrange-
ments, cannot be fully carried into effect; and the spirited
proprietor of these gardens (who has done much to promote
and gratify a taste for the beauties of garden scenery, and the
study of zoology,) felt a greater disappointment than his
guests, who, indeed, appeared to he all highly gratified. Se-
veral heavy showers had fallen during the morning and after-
noon, accompanied by a brisk breeze, which continued until
evening, so that it was found impossible so to illuminate the
gardens as to produce the desired effect. Numerous phaded
arches were erected, crossing the various walks, and also,
a great many devices in different parts, for the suspension
of variegated lamps ; and we doubt not but that on Thursday
night, when the novelties advertised will be brought forward,
(if the weather be at all suitable,) they will add greatly to the
attraction already presented, and repeated last night with in-
creased effect—" the burning of Mount Vesuvius." The
evening, after sunset, was fine and clear, and the grounds
look delightful. Groups sauntered in the walks ; others
examined the animals in their several elegant detached dwell-
ings ; and others were attracted by the fine perspective ap-
pearance of the mountain. The eruption was well managed,
and gave much satisfaction, as did the previous sea fight and
subsequent conflagration of city. The band played choice
airs during the whole evening, and the grounds were crowded
until " God save the Queen" announced the close of the
exhibition.

The Bland arrived here during the past week, bringing
three beautiful leopards, one of which has been already trans-
ferred to the excellent collection of animals at the Zoologi-
cal Gardens.

PROLIFIC HEN.—A gentleman at Lydiate has a " dandy
hen" which brought out a hatch of chickens about the mid-
dle of March last ; among the brood there were only two
pullets, which began laying about the end of June. The
parent hen had a second hatch of 13 chickens in the begin-
ning of June, and she has already left them and begun to lay
again !

CAUTION TO HOUSEKEEPERS.—There are women going
the round of this town hawking fish daily, whose practise is
to cheat the unwary. One of them attempted to put off a
jole of salmon, which, by her scales, weighed 31bs., but while
the housekeeper fetched a dish, the woman contrived to cut
off a slice of the fish, and put it under the cloth in her basket.
None of the police were at hand, or she would have been
given in charge.

DEATH FROM DRINKING.—On Friday an inquest was
held before Mr. Curry, on the body of a man named Henry.
A police-officer stated that he was called to the deceased on
Monday last, who was then lying under the shed, inside of
the Prince's Dock. As he was in a dangerous state, the
witness had him removed to the Northern Hospital. He was
in a state of insensibility when he arrived at the hospital;
but became sensible for a short time, and immediately after-
wards died. He had been drinking to excess, and vomited a
quantity of rum. The wife of the deceased stated that he
was a sober man, never spent any money in drink, and never
took any sinless he got it without charge. He was formerly
a groom, but recently worked about the docks. He was in
his 63rd year. Verdict, died in a fit of apoplexy.
MR. Ducaow.—We announced a week or two since that
Mr. Ducrow had taken the Royal Amphitheatre, which he is
about to repaint and ornament with a new drop scene. The
chandeliers and mirrors from Astley's, London, will also
embellish the house. Mr. Ducrow's tenantcy, we under-
stand, is limited to one season, which will not of course be
extended unless the experiment is successful. His profes-
sional talents, however, are so well known in Liverpool, and
he has hitherto been so liberally supported by our townsmen,
that we have little doubt he will see reason to extend his
term. During the temporary closing of the theatre in the
winter months, it will really be a treat to possess an artist so
unrivalled in his line as Mr. Ducrow. Since he left the
Amphitheatre that house has not been worth visiting. His
numerous admirers here are highly gratified at the prospect
of his appearing amongst us once more.—Chronicle.
A SHOWER OF SOVEREIGNS.—On Friday morning, at an
early hour, an Irish cattle drover named Downey, being
either mad or drunk, was seized with a sudden disposition to
scatter his sovereigns, amounting to 280. He distributed
them very liberally in the kennel and street of Waterloo-road,
opposite the Rotunda. Crowds of men, women, andchildren,
immediately collected for the purpose of picking up the
treasure so unexpectedly parted with. As the day ad-
vanced, numbers were to be seen so employed, although
there was much trickery and corresponding amusement pro-
duced by persons dropping farthings in places where the
sovereign seekers were likely to meet with them. The police
succeeded in regaining some of the madman's money. One
man, who had picked up 16 sovereigns, voluntarily banded
them over to the police. An American sailor picked up two,
which he speedily spent among his comrades. During the
day the excitement in that part of the town, owing to this
circumstance, was considerable.

SUPPRESSION OF GAMBLING.—We understand, that the
County Magistrates have agreed to co-operate with the
Borough Magistrates in endeavouring to prevent gambling
during the Aintree Races, which commence to-day.
VALUABLE INVENTION.—We saw, the other day, on
board the new and splendid ship Rochester, Captain Wood-
house, now lying in the Waterloo Dock and loading for New
York, a simple, but very ingenious, invention for the guid-
ance of the man at the wheel. It is a rod, connected with
the rudder, which, moving with it, shows the steersman the
exact position of the rudder at any moment. It traverses a
space above his head, and is always visible. All the ships
building in New York have these indicators.—Albion.
OPENING OF FENWICK-STREET.—Workmen have com-
menced pulling down a part of the buildings on the west side
of this street, at the end next to St. George's Church. Fen-
wick-street is one of the oldest in the town : it was formerly
inhabited by gentry and merchants, and, before the recent

improvements at its north end, contained some very large and,
for their time, elegant mansions. The low stone house, at
the corner of More-street, which is now partly pulled down,
was very ancient, having been built upwards of three centu-
ries ago. A still more ancient house, which is about to be
dismantled, may be seen a little lower down More-street.
From its style and venerable appearance, it must be four hun-
dred years old.
FATAL ACCIDENT TO AN AMERICAN CAPTAIN.-011
Friday, an inquest was held on the body of Benjamin Cap-
tain Miner, who was killed under the following circumstan-
ces :—The deceased, on Wednesday, was on board the Ame-
rican ship Tallahasse, in the Victoria dock. The hatches
were open for the purpose of discharging cotton. He made
a spring from the hatch to the stage on the opposite side,
overbalanced himself, and fell backwards into the hold. He
was taken up and conveyed in a chair to the Northern Hos-
pital, where he died in two hours. His skull was fractured,
and there was a rupture of one of the large arteries of the
head. Verdict, accidental death.—Captain Miner was the
commander of the American ship Nonantum, which lay next
to the Tallahasse, and the melancholy accident arose from
his to precipitate wish to reach his own vessel. He was ge-
nerally respected by all who knew him, and his death is a
source of sincere regret to all the American Captains in this
port, the vessels belonging to whom displayed their colours
half mast on the occasion of his death.

FIRE-ESCAPE LADDER.—We have, in the course of the
past week, had an opportunity of inspecting a new plan for a
ladder-escape, and so far as we can form a judgment, we
think it likely to prove one of the most effectual inventions
of the sort, that has yet been brought forward. The apparatus
is intended to be called the folding and escape ladder. It is
calculated to be of exceeding utility, not only in saving lives
and property in cases of fire, but also in erecting buildings.
From its peculiar construction, it may be easily thrown up
either on the outside or the inteiror of the building, or it may
be carried through a house to the back and there erected to
the height of seven stories, if required. Persons or property
may be lowered down by means of a closed cradle, which is so
constructed that whatever may be enclosed therein will be
safe from fire. The plan has been produced before the Board
for the protection of Life fram Fire. It has also been shown
to several scientific individuals, both in Liverpool and the
metropolis, all of whom have expressed their high admiration
of it. This novel apparatus is the invention of Mr. J ohn
Massey, watch maker, of this town, who has had his attention
during many years, turned to the subject of perfecting the
escape ladder, which he has at length, with great cost and la-
bour, completed.—Albion.

DETERMINED SUICIDE AT ST. HELENS.—On Wednesday
a coroner's inquest was held at the Black Bull, St. Helens,
to inquire touching the death of William Ryan, a musician.
and the leader of the St. Helens Teetotal Band. It appeared
from the evidence of Elizabeth Richards, a servant in the
employ of Mr. Ran, the landlord of the Black Bull, that the
deceased lodged there. He was about thirty years of age,
and in the habit of drinking to great excess. For the last
fortnight he had been poorly. On Monday night he went to
bed at eleven o'clock. Witness took him up some gruel,
and when she entered the room he was pulling his shirt front
off. She requested him to drink the gruel while it was warm,
and then left the room. She went to him again next morning,
and saw him lying on his back on the floor in a pool of blood,
His throat was cut, and he was quite dead. There was a
razor lying on a chair by the side of him, and the chamber
utensil was placed on the table quite full of blood. He was
dressed, and nearly in the same state that she had left him
the previous night. When he went to bed he was quite
sober. Mr. Blundell, surgeon, deposed to having attended
the deceased for some time past. He was labouring under
delirium tremens, produced by excessive drinking of ardent
spirits. The jury returned a verdict of temporary insanity.
THE ASPHALTE NUISANCE.—About three months ago,
the works of the Asphalte Company were removed from
James-street to Boundary-street, Vauxhall-road. Here the
nuisance created in the manufacture of the asphalte became so
intolerable that the housekeepers within the sphere of its in-
fluence complained to the proper authorities, who promptly
took steps to abate the nuisance. Inspector Fresh was inde-
fatigable:in watching the works, and assisted by Mr. Hughes
in procuring evidence of the nuisance. The result was the
laying of a number of informations against Mr. Pilkington,
the manager of the company's works. Friday was fixed as
the day on which they were to be heard, and nearly seventy
witnesses were in attendance. Mr. Rushton and Mr. Roskell
were on the bench, and Mr. Venables appeared for the
prosecution and Mr. James for the defence. Before the case
was gone into, Mr. James offered, on the part of his client,
to plead guilty to one information, and to undertake to abate
the nuisance within six weeks. The offer was accepted.
Thus, through the vigilance of the authorities, works which
were an intolerable nuisance to the inhabitants of the upper
part of Scotland-road and Kirkdale will be regulated. Per-
nicious as the chemical.works are allowed to be, the asphalte
works were scarcely inferior in their injurious effects on the
health and comfort of the dwellers in their vicinity. Dr.
Rogerson, who at the request of the directors of the company
has analysed the asphalte, informs us, that he is convinced
the works may be carrio on withgßtMaiu,74ny digameablo
omeil whaterpr.

CORRESPONDENCE.

V- ,-

TO THE REV.. G. STOKES, L.L.D., GROVE-ST.

Stn,—ln the Albion of yesterday there is a letter addressed
to me, bearing your signature, demanding from me, whether
I intended to convey an imputation that you had taken of-
fence at the appointment of Dr. Buck to the Chaplaincy of
the Borough Gaol, and, on that account, had refused to at-
tend the North Corporation School. In reply, I have to state
that, in the month of November last, I attended the school,
accompanied by the respected and Rev. Mr. James ; we were
then informed that Dr. Buck had ceased to attend the school,
since his appointment to the gaol ; and that you had also dis-
continued, having taken offence at something whieh had oc-
curred in the schools; therefore, that no Protestant minister
then attended, and that no catechism, excepting the Roman
Catholic, was then taught. I suppose it is perfectly correct,
that for several months you did not attend the school in
question, and that the master was perfectly justified in con-
jecturing that you had been offended ; if this were not the
case, it is for the master of the school to give an explanation
not for me, who am entirely unacquainted with the circum-
stances. With respect to the appointment of Dr. Buck, the
public are perfectly well aware why the reform magistrates
selected him, although I believe you had every reason to ex-
pect the situation.

I am aware that you performed the duty for Dr. Buck for
six weeks, or rather for the corporation, for it was an item in
the finance accounts. Certainly lam not sorry that Dr.
Buck was not required to pay for your services, for I am
well aware that his salary is, like other clergymen, very
limited.

I can assure you, sir, that I really wish that the Unitarian
part of our council may obtain a living for you from her Ma-
jesty's ministers, as they have already, in one instance, been
successful.----I am, reverend sir, your obedient servant,

ISAAC HOLMES.

Sand Hill, 16th July, 1839.

THE VOLUNTARIES & THEIR MIS-STATEMENTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
SIR,—ID my letter published in the LIVERPOOL STANDARD
a short time ago, I mentioned I should in a following letter,
make some observations on the Rev. J. Kelly's published
sermon, and on some of Dr. Wardlaw's lectures, which I
now proeeed to do, but first, I shall make an observation on
one of the fundamental principles of the voluntary system,
viz., that rulers as such, should in no way interfere in any
religious matters, of course, that men of the most corrupt
principles may make as good rulers as the most pious, and
truly religious men. This principle was declared and avowed
by the Rev. Dr. Pye Smith, who publicly declared at an elec-
tioneering meeting, that he would prefer a ruler of most
erroneous religious principles, who understood well the poli-
tics of the world, to a man actuated by gospel principles,
but who was not so well acquainted with worldly politics :
and Mr. Smith is much looked up to by all voluntaries,
and they have universally acted on this principle, in the elec-
tion of members of parliament, and of municipal officers.
I would just ask, how can this principle be brought to agree,
or correspond with what David, speaking in the spirit, says in 2
Samuel, xxiii. 3. " The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel
spake to me, he that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in
the fear of God." A question might here again be fairly
asked, how can a man rule in the fear of God who does not
believe the Scriptures (in which the laws of God are con-
tained) to be the word of God, and according to the scriptural
acceptation of the term, fear of God, no man can fear God
who does not believe in the character, and will of God as
revealed in the Scriptures. Another gross error connected
with that of governments having nothing to do with religion,
is the principle laid down, and acted on by voluntaries, that
the people should be educated by government, each in the
religious principles which they profess, no matter how gross
their errors may be, or how much opposed to the word of
God ; thus making all principles, whether true or false, ap-
pear equally good, and not only so, but making it incumbent
on government to teach the' people a false religion, altogether
opposed to what God has taught in the Scriptures. How any
Christian can reconcile this to his mind or conscience, I can-
not conceive. How strong must the influence of prejudice on
the mind of any Christian be, which causes him to act so
inconsistently! Mr. Kelly takes for his text, the 9th chapter
of Paul's first Epistle to the Corinthians, a passage which
most clearly proves that the law given to the Jews relative to
the support of gospel teachers, is still in force, and equally
binding on Christians, for it cannot be supposed, that Paul
should quote a law to prove his right to maintenance which
had been abrogated. But further Paul says, that this very law
was made for us, and here it might be mentioned, that the
law was given to the Jewish rulers, and by them to be en-
forced : surely then, the like obligation rests on Christian
rulers to establish, and enforce this law. A little further on
in his sermon, Mr. Kelly mentions a " New Testament law
of ministerial support," but he does not state in what part of
the Scriptures this law is given. I cannot find in the Scrip-
tures any other law on the subject but that mentioned by
Paul, and if that law is in force, there could not be any other
which would in any way do away with its enactments. Mr.
K. goes on to state, " Observe, that the support of the
gospel ministry must be obtained from those who are enjoy-
ing its benefits. A moment's-reflection will convince you, that
the Apostle's design is not merely to affirm that the minis-
ters of the gospel should be supported in the discharge of
their duties, but to specify the source from which alone, ex-
cept in peculiar circumstances, that support must be derived,
viz., from those who are immediately benefited by their la-
bours. In what other sense can we understand the: impres-
sion, to ' live of the gospel,' does it not teach that the
ministration of the gospel is the business of the Christian
teacher, and that he must look to the effects which the gospel
may produce through his instrumentality upon the hearts of
men, as the means of obtaining necessary maintenance in his
work." Now, according to the principle here laid down by
Mr. K., a minister might labour his whole life without being
able to claim any support. A farmer might refuse to pay
his labourers, because his crops were bad. The plain teaching
of Scripture and common sense surely is, that it is the labour,
and not the fruits of the labour which entitles to the wages.
Our Saviour clearly teaches this principle, when, on sending
out his disciples to preach, he desires them to take no pro-
vision with them, for the workman was worthy of his hire—
see Luke x. 1 to 7 vs.—yet, Mr K. quotes this very passage
to prove his principle. But a much greater error is involved
in the principle taught here by Mr. K. ; it is this, that it
would exonerate all unbelievers from their obligation to per-
form moral and religious duties. The fallacy of this principle
I pointed out in my former letter. Mr. K. brings forward
a case to prove the excellency of the voluntary system : he
says,—" The minister having in view his worldlyisupport,
will induce him to greater exertion in the discharge of his
spiritual duties, because every convert he makes is an addi-
tion to his worldly means." On this I would only say, that a
minister actuated by such a motive would be most unworthy
of his office, he farther says, " that having such support in
view will induce the minister to keep the church communion
pure, for that by admitting improper characters into the
church, he would endanger his coalfort." Now, surely, if
a minister was actuated by such unworthy motives, he would
the more readily admit improper characters, as by increasing
the number of church members, he would .be adding to his
own emolument. I might notice some other things in this
sermon equally inconsistent, but I have stated enough to
show how far prejudice may lead sensible, and good men,
into errors. Of the two systems, say government support,
and voluntary contributions, I would observe, that where
both are acted on in a Christian spirit, they in no way clash
or interfere with each other ; but, on the contrary, are cal-
culated to mutually help each other, in forwarding, and es-
tablishing the cause of the Redeemer on earth. For instance,
in any place where the gospel is not preached, or where the
support granted by government is not sufficient, it becomes
the bounden duty of all to voluntarily support a gospel
minister : on the other hand, it is the bounden duty of go-
vernment to provide support for gospel ministers in all parts
of their dominions. How severely the want of such system
and support is at this moment experienced by Canada, and
the United States of America, where many thousands on
those thinly inhabited parts seldom see the face of a gospel
minister, of course, are without gospel, and gospel ordi-
nances ! I might also refer to Ireland, where so many zea-
lous gospel ministers are now labouring in the Established
Church, where a single voluntary church could not be esta-
blished, or supported. Of Dr. Wardlaw's lectures, I having
only yet seen an outline reported in the London Morning
Chronicle. Of course, I cannot enter into any particular ex-
amination of them ; but I may just observe two prominent
errors, or misapplications of Scripture in the outline I have
seen. The one is, that all the Jewish nation were members
of the Jewish Church : this is surely very incorrect—see
Genesis xvii. 14v.—" The uncircumcised man child, hit) soul
shall be cut off from his people." The fact is, that the
Jewish Church admitted all into it, who submitted to the
rite of circumcision, just as Christian churches do by the
rite of baptism, the only difference in this respect is, that
church privilege which were formerly confined to the Jews,
are now extended to all people. The other error is, his ex-
planation of what Christ meant, when he said, " My king-
dom is not of this world." The Doctor reasons as if Christ
meant his visible church, or churches on earth, and then
draws the conclusion, that any connexion of churches on
earth with the state, would make them kingdoms of this
world ; now, the fact most certainly is, that Christ means
his spiritual kingdom, a kingdom set up and established in
the hearts of all true believers, and composed of such
from the commencement of the world to the end of time ;
his church or churches on earth being only schools, or
seminaries, for bringing in subjects to this kingdom, and of
instructing them in its laws and ordinances, and thus build-
ing them up in their most holy faith. See Christ's own ex-
planation, he says, Luke xvii. 20 21vs. " The kingdom of
God cometh not with observation, neither shall they say lo
here, or lo there, for behold, the kingdom of God is withiu
you." It is altogether spiritual, and invisible. I conclude
this letter, by again calling on, and urging voluntaries to
answer the question proposed in my letter inserted in your
paper of 28th June. I did propose the question in private
letters sometime ago, to the Liverpool Young Man's Volun-
tary Church Association and to Mr. King, and Mr. Heugh,
when lecturing here on the subject, but have not received an
answer. ALEX. M'CREERY.
Liverpool, 16th July.

FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE LIVERPOOL AND
MANCHESTER RAILWAY.

On Saturday an inquest was held at the Horse Shoe, at
Whiston, before John Heyes, Esq., county coroner, on view
of the bodies of Jane Standish, (better known as Jane Yates,)
aged 76 years, and Lydia Saunders, her daughter, both of
whom were killed on the railway on Friday morning. Wil-
liam Maitland, of Westhoughton, deposed that he was en-
gineer to the Soho locomotive engine, which belonged to
Mr. Geo. Hargraves, of Bolton, and plied between that
town and Liverpool. Yesterday morning witness left Bag-
lane with the engine and a train of waggons laden with coals
and other things, to be taken to Liverpool. As he was going
down the incline-plane at Whiston he saw two women walk-
ing on the line towards Liverpool. Shortly after he saw the
Birmingham train coming up the incline on the same side as
the women were walking. Witness saw them cross on to
the Liverpool side, on which he was going. They never looked
back, and the moment he saw the danger he started the
whistle of the engine, applied the break, and directed the
fireman to do so also. The women took no notice, and ap-
peared to be looking at the Birmingham train. The engine
knocked them both down. The young woman was knocked
out of the way of the train, but the near side wheels went
over the old lady. Witness stopped the engine and went
back to their assistance. They were both quite dead. Wit-
ness did not notice the engine of the Birmingham train, as
he had his eyes fixed upon the women. It was a little before
nine o'clock. Elizabeth Thomas deposed, that she lived in
a cottage near to the Liverpool and Manchester railway, at
Whiston. Yesterday morning, at a little before nine o'clock,
as she was hanging some clothes out in her garden, she saw
the two deceased persons walking along the line towards Li-
verpool. Directly after she saw the Birmingham train coming
from Liverpool up the incline, and in a moment after she.
observed a luggage train coming down the inclined plain
towards Liverpool. The engineer of the luggage train was
blowing his whistle and shouting as he came uown. Witness
lost sight of the two women for a minute or so, and then saw
them lying on the rails. The old woman was quite dead.
They were bleeding very much. Several persons came to
their assistance, and they were carried home. Witness did
not consider that there was the least blame attributable to
the engineer. Neither of the women had any business on
the line, and their being there was against the positive orders
of the directors of the railway. They were walking down
the line to get on the train at Huyton Quarry. This evidence
was confirmed by the testimony of the fireman of the Soho
engine. It was also stated that the engineer of the Birming-
ham train pelted the deceased with coke, and used every other
means at hand to attract their attention to their perilous
Situation, but in vAil4, Me
,IIT7 totlimol a verilict Qf act i.
dental death,

THEATRE-ROYAL.

Taglioni's engagement commences to-morrow evening and
terminates on Friday.

The clever comedians, Mr. and Mrs. Keeley, are re-en-
gaged. The attractionis so great, and the town so full of
" Company," that an overflow is certain ; and we advert to
this, because, a good hint seasonably spoken doubles its ex-
cellence. To prevent disappointment, families and visitors
should secure places without delay. True it is that the box-
office will be open from ten till three daily, but the box-ehed
for Taglioni's nights will be exhausted before noon on each
of the race-days.

By an official notice in another column it appears that the
Theatres-Royal of Liverpool and Manchester are the only
two provincial establishments in England in which the Queen
of Dance has appeared, and her nights. as there specified will
be positively the last on which she can perform previous to
her required departure for the Continent.

f
~-'-, r

lat
o
hob—

*err*

PETITION TO FASHION.

(From the John Bull.)
Dread goddess, on whose altars blaze
Flames, bright as those of vestal days,
Round which the world doth throng,
Do, in these times of brisk Reform,
Attend to my remonstrance warm
'Gainst petticoats too long.
Think how variety must win ;
A nod from you keeps all within
The bounds of taste and grace ;
Then, Fashion, pray once more impart
Some hint, some guess, what ancles smart
Match many a lovely face.
It is not every well-drest form
Can brave the sunshine or the storm.
On four light wheels supported;
Many must take the air, I ween,
On that same plain, ten-toed machine,
Which Eve in Eden sported.
Now see in yonder miry way,
How fair pedestrians oft display
Such quantities of stocking ;
Just to maintain secure and dry
A load of draggling drapery,
It really is quite shocking !
We boast a Queen, to whom belongs
What Frenchmen call lrs pieds mignons,
And hail with admiration ;
Do, Fashion, for her Royal sake,
Some sensible improvement make,
Suggest some slight mutation.
But, recollect, 1 don't exhort
That petticoats be really short,
So rudely do not shift 'em •
Yet though we like things full and round
Reduce the garments' mystic bound,
Just off the instep lift 'em.
And then, trade's int'rests still defend
By working in, at th' upper end,
What ladies call the gathers;
The quantity removed below,
Will yield a well-shaped Turkish flow,
More warm, too, in all weathers.
So, to the curious eyes of beaux,
Once more, yet modesty, disclose,
In all their wonted neatness,
The glancing foot, the ancle clean,
Which mark combin'd with form and mein,
The British Fair's completeness.

LITERARY NOTICES.

The Church of England Magazine. Part 38.

1839.

We cannot speak of this admirable periodical in any
other terms than those of cordial and unqualified ap-
probation. Its cheapness is unparalleled, and the great
variety of its contents renders it one of the most attrac-
tive of the existing religious periodicals. The essays,
sermons, obituaries, and miscellaneous extracts, which
adorn its pages, are characterised by great simplicity
of language, and a tone of fervent piety. The doc-
trines inculcated in this truly useful and valuable ma-
gazine are strictly orthodox. By using the term or-
thodox we mean to say that they are in strict accord-
ance with the evangelical creed of the Church of Eng-
land, and that they also agree with the plain and pal-
pable language of the Holy Scriptures. Among the
sermons in the present part we are glad to recognise
one from the pen of the Rev. John Hill, the able Vice-
Principal of St. Edmund Hall, Oxford, in which the
criminality of withholding any portion of the Word of
God from the people is animadverted upon in terms of
the strongest reprobation. This sermon will form an
admirable antidote to the errors of the Puseyites on
the subject of the atonement.

A Vision of Death's Destruction, and other Poems.
By Thomas John Ouseley. Third Edition. Lon-
don : Hamilton, Adams, and Co. 1839.

We have already expressed ourselves in terms of
warm admiration of this volume of poetry. We are
glad to find that it has already attained a third edition.
This is an unequivocal proof of the value which the
reading public have placed upon its merits. The pre-
sent edition contains several additional pieces, which
have considerably augmented its value. Mr. Ouseley
is entitled to rank very high among the poets of the
present day. In all the poems which he has published
we recognise great originality of thought, depth of
sentiment, and vigour of imagination. The favourite
topics of the author seem to be those of a gloomy and
grand description. In the tone of religious feeling
which pervades this volume, we are strongly reminded
of the devotional poetry of Mrs. Hemans. Mr. Ouse-
ley is destined, we feel assured, to enjoy a high degree
of literary fame.

British India. Addresses delivered before the Members
of the Society of Friends, at their Yearly Meeting,
on the Ist of June, 1839. London : Clark and
Baldwin.
These addresses dilate upon the duty and interest
of Great Britain to consider the condition and claims
of her possessions in the East. They embody much
useful information on the extent of our Eastern Em-
pire—the institutions of India—the British in India—
famines in India—the disaffection of the natives—their
depression and demoralization—the uncultivated lands
of India—the taxation of the natives—their treatment
by the British—the salt monopoly—the opium mono-
poly—slavery in India—commerce with India—toge-
ther with many other topics connected with the actual
condition and susceptibility of improvement of our
oriential possessions and tributaries.

The Cotton Trade of India. London : A Spottiswood.
1839.
This tract is in answer to the question—" Can India
not supply England with Cotton ?" We consider the
=. answer to be perfectly satisfactory, and entitled to the
most serious consideration of the merchants and ma-
il,' nufacturers of this country. The author recommends
nis.:l the manufacturers and merchants of Manchester, Glas-
, raw, Paisley, Liverpool, and London, to unite with the
fiends of India in other places, to claim for India an
,equitable and permanent settlement of the land tax,
and the establishment of the means of transporting
• from one place to another the abundant produce of the
iLs and then they need not look to a foreign nation to
• -:meet their necessities, but, from their own eastern do-
minions, obtain a certain, sufficient, and exhaustless
• supply.

The New Sporting Magazine. July, 1839. London

Spiers.
This number contains several articles of first rate
merit. The " Handley Cross Hounds—Mr. Jorrock's
Journal"—has afforded us, as we doubt not it will
many others, the heartiest laugh that we have enjoyed
for many a day. There is much useful information in
the " Willowdale Hall Fishing Code." " A Whim of
the Winds and Waves" is a whimsical production.
Who can help admiring the rich and original humour
of the " American Turf and its Chronicling ?" Among
the solid and instructive articles in this number of this
truly spirited magazine we would particularly enume-
rate the following, which cannot be perused without
advantage :—" Notitia Venatica"—" The Fly-Fisher's
Text BOok"—" The Noble Science"—" The British
Angler's Manual"—and " The Sporting Looker-On
and Reflector." The number is embellished by two
beautiful engravings : one,Bloomsbury,
the portrait of
the winner of the Derby
Stakes at Epsom this year,
and the other, a portrait of " A Warrener's Dog."

Don Juan Junior : by Byron's Ghost ! Edited by G.
R. Wythen Baxter, Esq. London : Thomas.
The less we say of this publication the better. The
notes which it contains are mostly of a very objection-
able character. Its political allusions constitute the
least obnoxious positions of this work, and those are
deeply tinged with liberalism.

The Illustrated Shakspere, revised from the best Autho-
rities. Part 2. June, 1839. London : Tyas.
This excellent edition of the imperishable works of
" Avon's Bard" is proceeding successfully. When
completed, it will contain nearly one thousand engra-
vings. The specimens in the part before us justify us
in characterising it as the most splendid edition that
has ever been given to the public. The designs are
by Kenny Meadows, and the engravings are executed
by - Orrin Smith. The present part contains " The
Tempeat," with twenty illustrations. The annotations
and introductory remarks on the plays are extremely
valuable. We may add, that this admirable edition of
Shakspere is so cheap as to be placed within the reach
of all classes of the community. It deserves a wide
circulation, which we hope it will obtain.

STATE OF TRADE.

Ltzns.—The markets since our last have been rather
more animated than during the preceding week, the princi-
pal demand being for heavy Winter goods. The stock of
goods on hand is considerably small, and the workmen em-
ployed in the finishing departments are not so busy as they
were a month or two ago. We have no alteration to note
with regard to prices.—Leeds Intelligencer.
BRADFORD.—There is little to notice differing from what
we reported last week. Though in some quarters there ap-
pears an anxiety to do business, it is done, if done at all, at
ruinously low prices.—lbid.
BRADFORD, THURSDAY AFTERNOON. The continued
downward tendency of long wool, has the effect of lessening
confidence, and the amount of business transacted is conse-
quently decreasing. In Yarn there is no inquiry, which
may be attributed to the curtailment of production along
with the remarkably low price that Yarn has been realising,
the manufacturers being fully convinced that they have been
obtaining them considerably below the cost to the spinner.
There has been a very flat market for Piece goods to-day :
prices are without alteration.—Bradford Observer.
WAKEFIELD WOOL MARKET, JULY 12.—The transac-
tions in combing wools during the week have been very
limited, and to effect sales a further reduction must be sub-
mitted to ; clothing and blanket wools continue in fair de-
mand, at previous prices.
YonaWOOL MARKET, JULY 11.— Our market to-day
has had a limited supply, most of which is sold up at prices
nominal upon our last week report.
DONCASTER WOOL MARKET, JULY 6. —We had nearly
300 sheets of Wool pitched in this day's market, and a great
number of buyers from various parts of the West Riding.
The Wes were heavy, in consequence of a reduction of 6d.
per stone being persisted in by the dealers, and which was
ultiteately.submitted to. A number of lots remained unsold.
The following are the prices :—all Hog, 19s 6d ; Half-and-
a.lf, I8s; Ewe, 16s; Docks, 8s 6d per stone.

On Tuesday se'nnight, a fine salmon-trout, about 3lbs.
weight, was caught in one of the iron boxes belonging to the
dredging machines now working near the mouth of the river
Wesr .--Durkug .4dVertitter. • •
