-rriE -Li V L:ii.llo-0T:

sent (the Bislrip of Exeter) had taken occasion to say that
none of those who had passed through the Universities had been
perjured but himself (Earl of Radnor). That certainly gave
hint little uneasiness; but'frein the whole at the discusSion upon
that occasion he, having been eutrnsted with the conduct of the
bill, had been induced to look putty closely into the matter,
and he must also confess that the more he did so the more he
was inclined to press a review of ail the oaths taken at those
institutions upon the house. Now he found that the only way
in which he bud been perjured was, that he had-not attended
'certain lectures, of iv hich lie had not only never been informed
by either his puulie or piivate tutor; but lie believed for certain
that none such were ever delivered now; yet every-one entez-
ieg the Universities swore that he would attend them- (Laugh-
ter.) In so far was he perjured, but in so far also was every
one who had pasied through the University. ( Hear, hear.)
The resptinsibility, he contended, rested nut upon the boys who
took the oaths, but upon the authorities who forced thcui to take
them without at any time attempting to make them aware of
their nature. The first part'of the 'mill was unobjectionable,
but with the second he could not agree. It stated that those
only were Perjured who refused to submit tq the punishment
which the University thought due to the olfenre. /Now that, in
his opinion, went at once to put a stop to all the value of an
oath. A witness in it• court of justice was sworn to speak the
truth, but according to the interpretation put upon the matter
by the learned Universities, if that person was wiiling to stand
in the pillory for a time, then hi was re;ieved of his oath. ( Hear,
hear.) In toe opinion the ado: aim of such a course would have
the effect of setting aside the value of any oatns whatever. There
was a further matter on which persons were deciaied to be per-
jured, where they took oaths and incurred seine incapacity front
taking office, unless they removed that incapacity by dispensa-
tion. Now, with respect to where dispensation should tie granted
and where it should not, the decision rested on certain statutes.
and the manner in which these statutes were framed he (Lord
Radnor) considered to be an intolerable abuse; for it was
stated that they had committed the crime of perjury who al-
lowed any of those statutes to fail into desuetude. (Hear.) He
thought that some alterations ought to be made in the oaths
that were required to be taken. Ile was thankful to the noble
duke opposite (Wellington) for having done all iu his power to
make the alterations, but he believed that he had found the per-
sons he had to deal with were not quite so pliant as some noble
ibikes in that house. (A taught) With respect to the Univer-
sity of Cambridge the only return he required was the oath ad-
ministered to persons upon matriculation. He wished this
return because he thought it absurd to call upon boys of 15 -or
16 to pledge themselves to support an institution for the rest of
their lives. The noble lord then concluded by moving fur the
returns of which he had given notice.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, the noble lord having been
kind enough to communicate to him the motion which he in-
tended to make upon the' subject he had now brought under
their lordships'lconsideration, he had considered it his duty to
consult those who were most intereted in these inquiries, .tad
had obtained the full consent of those persons to produce the.
papers which were the subject of the noble lord's motion. When
the noble lord had received the information that there was no
objection to the pniduction of those papers he ought to have in-
formed him (the Duke of Weliingtou) that it was his intention
to make the statements he had thought 'proper to make that
evenin_,, and he Would have been prepared to meet them. • •
The Bishop of CIIICHESTER said that all the time he was
connected with the university he always took especial care to
explain to young' men the meaning and nature of the oath,
which hound them to nothing wore than to a submission to the
lawful authorities under which they had solemnly placed them-
selves. Dispensations no doubt were easily granted, but, being
snore a matter'of form than anything else, much otherwise could
nut reasonably be expected.
Lord Buolli lIAM did nut wish to prolong the discussion, as,
perhaps, he knew no more about the matter than the Chancel-
lor of the University cf :;itfird. (Laughter.) The present
custom had a tendency to make people take oaths without
knowing what they bound them to, and necessatily caused oaths
to be wore ligticy dealt with than they ought to be. The result
of his observations was, that as these statutes wet e no longerap-
plicable to the are theylived in, and circumstances now exist-
ing in the universities, .not only they ought to be repealed, but
,that oaths should no longer be administeied upon such frivolous
and tritliug circumstances. They ougsit' not. to swear to obey
a statute they could evade by paving sixpence or eightpence.
The Marquis of C.l M I,LN brOlee a few words, but was totally
inaudible in the gallery.
The Earl of RADNOR said the right rev. prelate had misun-
derstood him, for he had brought no charges against the uni-
versity. lie complained, indeed, that they did not always take
the pains to explain the oaths, as the right rev. prelate said he
always had. I'li3 other remark, that dispensations were too
easily granted, the right rev, prelate seetneu to agree in, and he
contended teat they c•intil not be granted in so free a manner
consistently with the statute itself.
The Bishop of tiocriasTiia said that the students only bound
theuiselves to preserve the dignity and honour of the univer-
sity.
1 he motion was then put and carried.
Mr. HUME brought to the bar of the house certain papers
from the commissioneis of the port of Arundel.
The house then adjourned to Monday at ten. o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—FnmAy,

After some petitions had been presented and the reports of
some private bills been brought up,
Mr. ANGEHSTEIN and Mr. BARNARD presented petitions
aoainst the weights and measures bill.
°Lord EBRINGTON was understood to state it as his intention
to in reduce an act for the amendment of last session. It would
extend the time allowed for the rectification of weights and
measures, and exempt from penalties all those persons who had
sent them to an inspector legally appointed.
Mr. RoLoccx hoped that the noble lord, before he introduced
his bill, would not omit to consult some persons who hail a
knowledge of the subject. A more rii:uculous, vexatious, and
inconsistent measure than. the present bill had seldom been
issued even out of that house, which had promulgated more bad
laws than any other assembly..
Lord FBI:If:G*10N said that he should propose to refer it to
the consideration of u select cummittee. •

mitted to escape with impunity? The hon. member proceeded
to detail, from the evidence of Colonel Napier, several cases of
extreme wretchedness among the paupers at loreshford. The
workhouse consisted of a miserable collection of hovels, iu which
the paupers were kept withont lire, or sufficint clothes, or co-
vering, to an inclement seasmi of the year. 'The unhappy in-
mates complained of cold and hunger and were surrounded with
INlen and women between 70 and S.) had been re:breed
from 2s. to Is. 61 per week. Some had beds but no bedclothes:
and the sick were unprovideif with medicine or attendance. A
family, consisting of a maim and his wife and several children,
were allowed So sinalLa coin that they must have perished from
hunger but from the aid of private charity. The hon. gentle-
man was proceding to quote other cases of extreme privation
with a view to show the culpable conduct of the overseers and
churchwardenS of the parish, when
Mr. Gout.aUßN said, that if the ho.n. member for Bath would
allow of the interruption, he (Mr. Goulburn) thought he could
state what might satisfy the hon. gent:eman, and save the time
of the house. The transactions in question had only recently
come under his cognisance, but he had no hesitation in saying
that, from what he had learned of the case, he should feel it his
duty to see that it underwent 4 judicial investigation. (Hear.
hear.) This being the case, he thought the hon. member
would see the effect of entering upon the details of the transac-
tion previous to that investigation must be to interfere wits time
proper.administration of justice. (Hear.)
The petition was laid upon the table. ' •
SUPPLY,—THE ESTIMATES.

Lord J. RUSSELL rose to inquire whether it was the intention
Of the right lion. baronet opposite to ask, in the course of next
week, for any vote in thu estimates for• the naval or military
service ?

Sir R. Prim said it had been intended to move the navy es-
timates in committees of supplv on Monday next, but ha was
almost afraid that they would not be printed and in the hands
Of members in sufficient time for that purpose. He should
therefore postpone to propose any vote in committee of supply
until Friday next.
Mr. IlusiE entered into a conversation with Sir Roar. Peet.
respecting the salaries of the speaker and his secretary, and
also about the speaker's service of plate, and the remuneration
to the speaker's chaplain. After these subjects had been dis-
posed of, Mr. Hume thought it fair to inform the rie,hi hon. ba-
ronet, that when the question of supply ca:ne under consilera-
tion, he should submit the the house the propriety of 'voting the
estimates for only six mod Ant, (cries of" for three months only,")
in order that the house may have an opportunity of seeing what
measure. the ri..ht hon. baronet will propose. (Cneeis from
the opposition.)
The report of the committee of supply was then received.
After a short conversation. in which Mr. Jervis, the Attorney-
General, and Lord R. Grosvenor took part, the report on the
Chester criminals' execution bill was brought up and received.
- -

ADDRESsES FROM ORANGE AND 011IER SOCIETIES.
Mr. Snuff. rose to move "that there be laid before the house
a letter written by Lord Manners, when Chancellor of Ireland,
to J. Johnston, Esq., a justice of the peace, relative to the it—
gality of Oran;e societies; also copies of any opinions given by
the Attorney and Solicitor-Genera. for Ireland as to the legality
of such societies, from 18..5 to 1827 inclusive; also a copy ,of
rdas.e.szes to his. Mainsty from the members of Trinity College
.Orange Lodge, from the Duke of Glocester Orange Lodge, and'
from the City of' Dublin Orange Lodge, which last ass agreed
to at the Merch.oits.-hail on the sth of December last; also co-
pies of the answer to those addresses, and to the address of the
Orange Lodge of the county of Down ; also copies of the ad-
dress to the Xing from the members of the council of the Bir-
mingham Political Union, and of his Majesty's answer thereto."
The house would mine:fiber that in a conversation which took
place on Wednesday last, a question arose as to the -legality of
Orange societies, and it was s.iid that there was uo legal decision
by which their illegality was established. He found, on look-
ing•back to the debates which occurred in that house, that on
the 29th of June, 1813, Mr. Wynn, a member of the present
cabinet. brought the subject of Orange lodges before the home,
and distinctly declared his opinion, founded on an Irish act
passed in 1799, that those societies were illegal. In that opi-
nion Mr. Canning and Lord Castlereagh concurred, and inde-
pendently of the question of illegality, the existence of Orange
societies was upon that riccasiou generally reprobated as tend-
inglo interrupt the harmony a hich ought to prevail in Ireland.
On the 29th of March, 1827:Mr. Brownlow brought a question
connected with Orange societies beta(' the house, and on that
occasion the present secretary for the home depattment referred
to an opinion given by Mr. Plunkett, when Attorney-General,
which was sustained by the then Solicitor-General for Ireland,
and now Chief Baton Joy. The opinion of Mr. Plunkett and
Mr. Joy was, that Orange societies were illegal. To that opi-
nion the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Goulburn) referred; and
he went further—he produced a letter written by Lord Manners
to 'Mr. Johnston, in which his 'lordship expressed his dissent
from the construction which Mr. Johnston put upon. an .act of
parliament, and stated that the processions of Orange societies
must be illegal, because the societies themselves were illegal.
The bon. and learned gentleman, after calling upon ministers
to declare honestly that the difficulties of their situation com-
pelled them to have recourse to the orange faction for support,
and that it was their intention to restore its ascendancy, con-
cluded with submitting his motion in the terms stated at the
commencement of his speech.
Mr. Goulburn, Mr. F. O'Connor, Sir R. Peel, Colonel Per-
ceval, and Mr. O'Connell seveially addressed the house on the
subject of this motion. At the close of Mr. O'Conueli's speech
Mr. P. SHAW said, that he had never belonged to au orange
lodge, never approved of them ; but contended that the learned
member (Mr. O'C.) had failed in his attempt to prove that they
were i:legal. They never bad been pronounced illegal by any
competent authority. As far as his own opinion went. it had
been always against those societies;
but was he to show no
deference for those who differed from him ? And be Would tell
those who in England knew nothing of the actual state of so-
ciety in Ireland, that what might very well and properly apply
to a wholesome and natural state of things Miwht he wholly in-
applicable to a distempered and disturbed condition of the coun-
try. (Cheers, and counter cheers.) He knew what that cheer
meant, but he must be allowed to say it did not conic with a
very good grace from those hon. gentlemen on the other side of
the house, who -now presumed to complain of a state of things
which their awn conduct had produced. (Loud chests.) It
was really too bad. Oh yes, they trembled, forsooth, at the
thought of tin exclusive association; and who were they who
old so ? Why, those who all their lives long had signalized
themselves as the instigators, creators, and abettors of such as-
sociations. (" Hear, hear," and a cry of "No, no," from Mr..
O'Connell.) The hon. and learned gentleman said no ; his
delicate iferves altogether shuddered at the thought of an ex-
clusive association, (hear, hear,) which put one in mind of the
wiry of a giaiit Nstio alt his life had been fighting'liith wind-
Irut at last died of eating fresh hotter. (Loud. laughter.)
Wa. the hon. and learned gentleman not the author of the Ro-
man Catholic Association, which co amine was au exclusive as-
sociation? (Hear, hear.)

Mr. (MON N EL L-71'llere were at least 1,500 protestants in it.
Mr SHAW euntinued.—The hon. and learned gentleman
found it convenient now to say so; but the house knew his cha-
racter perfectly well. He did not mean to be personal; but
with the hon. and learned gentleman's public character it.was
quite consistent that he should say one thing here and another
in Ireland. But he would remind him of particulars, which he
defied the hon and learned member to core radict or deny. • On
the,occasion of the hon. and larned member's last election fcr
Dublin, the Court-house being divided, a large body of mil singe-
men were placed' on one side, when that hon. and learned gen-
tleman said to them, -" What a pity it is that those foreign
invaders, those Englishmen, should try to sow dissension among
us, there is absolutely no real difference between us, orangemen
and Catholics." (ffear.) Formerly it was the habit of Roman
Catholics, cbmmenno sting the birili-day of King William, to
walk round his statue in College-green, and on a late occasion
the sane hon, and learned member, addressing a party of
orangenien, said, ‘• There is no difference between us ; do but
assist Inc to repeal the union, (loud cheers,) and let us get rid
of those Saysenachs, and I will join you in celebrating the me-
mory of King William ;" and he (Mr. O'Conneli) alisolutely
got up on the table and showed them the step by which, a rm-in-
arm, they should march round the statue. (Loud cheers and
laughter.) Yetithis was the very body whom that hon. and
learned gentleman afterwards denounced, because they would'
tint adopt his suggestioes of repeal, as a bloody, base, and
cowardly faction. (Cheers.) Such were the means which were
taken in Ireland to allay irritation and compose party differences.
Ile now came to offer a few observations with respect to SO UH-
NNortEIV an individual as himself. He had beets described by-
the taus. and learned geetleurtn as one who had been all his
life a viol, lit partisan ; but the particular honour to which he
referred, as having been conferred by the present government,
he (Mr. Shaw) had never in the remotest degree, or in any
manner, solicited from them. 1 Hear, near.) The hon. mem-
ber for Drogheda, as if to furnish an instance of that sort of
courageous nonchalance with which some persons can plunge,
at all hazards, into circumstances of which they ate totally igno-
rant, rather than not purchase notoriety by some means or other,
that hon. member had said that agitation had made him (Mr.
Shaw) a judge, a member of parliament; and a privy councillor.
declared ou his honour as a gentleman, and when he made
that appeal he did so with equal confidence to both sides of the
house (hear, hear), from the time he sent to the' bar until he
obtained his peseta judicial situation, and from that time till
the dissolution of parliament, when he was returned to that
house, he never interfered in any thing to which the epithet of
agitation could attach any more than the child unborn.
(Cheers.) Perhaps it might be said that his father had been
connected with Dublin politics at the time; but there was a reL
makable eveut-which occurred in his father's political life very
shortly before .he ceased to• he any longer member fur the city
of Dubnu, atter having enjoyed that honour uninterruptedly for
22 years. (Hear, hear.) Was that an accidental thing? It
was a notorious tact that he lost that honour by voting for Roman
Catholic emancipation. ( Loud cheers.) The right hon. and
learned gentleman then referred to the manner in which Mr.
O'Connell had denounced the "Orange Knight of Kerry," well
knoWirig that that benevolent and high-L.intled landloid, that
psefuj country gentleman, that ornament to society. had always
beets the opponent of Orangism, and abandoned friends and
office in support of the Rowan Catholic claims. (Hear.) And
why did he call him Orange? Why, in order that he might
point at those. who voted for him as
,objects of assassination.
The lion, and learned member had stated publicly in Dublin,
and had it published in all his newspapers, that whatever mis-
creant Roman Catholic, or whoever voted for the Orange Knight
of Kerry, should have placed over his door a death's-head and
cross bones. (Loud and vehement cheering.) He knew not.
what construction English gentlemen would put on that expres-
sion; but would the hon, and learned member-for Dublin ven-
ture to submit it to the judgment of any independent and honest
'mind?—would he venture to submit it to the opinion of the
Inman Catholic Lord Lieutenant of the counts- of Kerry? Lid
he not know what was the opinion of Lord Kenmare? But the
hon. and learned member talked of allaying animosity, and
throwing, oil on the waters of discord which tiaa so long troubled
Ireland. ( Hear, hear.) Would England any longer softer that.
unhappy maintry to be distu'rbed by the selfish ambition of one
man who contrived to enrich hiinseif on the poverty of his de-
luded countrymen?, (Loud cheers.) Ile congratulated the
noble lord opposite (J. Itussell) on the accession which he had
received in the hun. and trauma] member—whom the noble
lord and his colleagues described altruist by twine in the King's
speech, for nobody could mistake the application, as the cause
of all the iusuborainatilin that prevailed in Ireland. (Hear.)
lie was not anxioul to take up the in,:iscretions of one party or
another, fur neither orangeintn nor Roman Catholics were alto-
gether immaculate. L'ut without indulging in mutual reyrimi-
nation, he must say that this country shomd look to it that, agi-
tation was not alaaved to proceed in its social disoi ganisation.
(Ilear.) The present was lint a time for acting pally
tactics
ut regard to that country. (Cheers.) He trusted they would
nut Hut act on such priucipies, whet, circumstances were so urgent,
wheu the question to he detideii was, hether they should have
awirchy without the shadow of government, peace, education,
and security for property, or a general scramble; whether there
should be safety for life anti liberty, or
.whether they should live
nodes the hour}'
midnight murderearP,litiria
'l'i:*;l"tie6cliu andfle urged lu r
u i
agi-
tator? (Loud and continued cheering.) To that the quesiion
came, and this country must decide it souti—whether in Ireland
tokn,gy
they were to enjoy the common rights anal rational liberties ot
assassin
rstsai•ljklaenss d the
British freemen (hear, hear), or—and when he put the alter-
native he looked to the hon, and learned member for Dublin—
. Mr. O'CONNELL.—And 1 160 k to yeti. (A laugh.)
Mr. Suety.—Speaking with the utmost sincerity they should
have to decide as Englishmen whether thus shoulu have in Ire-
land common rights and liberties, or be iloomed to wear the
heaviest yoke that ever slavery norised—the iruu despotism of

one single dictator, wielding his destrumive sway for every evil
purpose through the passions and physical force of an ignorant
and deluded multitude. (Loud and continued cheers.)
Mr. O'Dwyer, Lord John Russell, Sir H. Hardinge, and Mr.
O'Connell also addressed the house on this questi.m.
-The notion was agreed to.
.Dr. liowitlNG moved for some returns, which were ordered.
OR ANGIi INSTITUTION.
Mr. O'Cortrv. ELL give notice that on the 27th of March he
would move a resolution "That the )range Institution is ille-
gal, and ought to be suppressed."

n;‘:etplinclTY OF DUTIES ACT.
Mr. G. F. YouNG 2ave notice of a motion on the 12th of May
for the repeal of this act.

• fit.SINESS OP THE HOUSE.
The SPEAK ER gAve notice, that in consequence of the num-
ber of petitions to he presented, some of which were highly
important, he would take the chair on Monday, the 9th inst.,
at three o'clock:
The house then adjourned at eleven O'cloik.

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

NORTHAMPTON.

INDICTMENT FOR STIRRING UP DISSENSIONS AND LITIGA-
Tsos.—At the Northampton assizes, on Thursday, Wm. Ward,
aged 43, was indicted for having, within the last three years,
gone about sowing dissensions and proioking to litigation the
inhabitants of Bricksworth and other places, in Northampton.
This offence is termed by the law barratry, and in the ancient
law books is treated of at length ; but, for many years past, it
h s not been the subject of any indictment. The defendant,
who is a man of great bodily powers, and of considerable
shrewdness, was well known to those who had attended the
Northampton assizes for the last five years. The first case
against him was that he had incited a person named West to re-
sist the payment of half a year's rent to his landlord, the Earl
of Winchilsea; that during West's imprisonment he amused
him with stories of putting in hail and conferring with special
pl,aders ; that he afterwards advised !inn to bring an action
uLtainst a person who rented one of Lord Cardigan's farms after
West's ejectment for non-payment of rent; and that in all the
course of these procecdin,rs he drew from the misguided man
upwards tan!. The second case was that of Mrs. Welford,
keeper of a little public-house. He managed to get reversed a
conviction of her son for cutiing down cherry trees, and then.
by amusing her with declaraiinus that the jus:ices ar

owners of the trees should be compelled to make some co
sation to young Welford, obtained from her £20., teas,
with letters requesting more money, so that IA hew:
woman could not eat or sleep, and at length urged her so
to sell her furniture, her pillows, and even her feather
provide him with Money, which he claimed to be due ti
In the third case it appeared that he had induced a po,:r
and baker, named Poole, of Warwick, to bring thirteen a
against Mrs. Moore, the widow of his brother-in-law, whk
leaving a small property. A great deal of perjury was c. •,.
mitted at his instigation, the widow was thrown into Kiwi.
£27 were, in the tourse of the proceeding., extorted fro►
by the defendant. There were other vexatious eases in wbi
the defendant had commenced actions against various perso
in his own name. The defendant, who declared that his M
object had bee:in
..to defend weak persons from the oppression ir
lawyers, was found guilty and sentenced to ttro .years' im-
prisonment.

NI AI: ( hi, ":35.

in what shares it was divided, but there was nine pounds to
e very man, There was some dust, but altogether it made up
nine pounds. He considered the transaction as perfectly ho-
nest, and did mention it at Liverpool before the mayor. I)oble
also mentioned it in his presence. None of them said any thing
about it when examined at Bonny. There were two silver
watches and a gold chain, which Doble and Kewark gltliue
divi,ion. For the witch and guard Doble allowed five sh lams
round. Kee ark allowed nothing for the other watch. 1t
was the whole of the property. There were two muskets on
board but nu pistols that he knew of. . There were nine white
men on board, and the black men must have knowu of the
arms. Did not know that the black men had received any
wound, though there were two killed of the white men. He
heard Gould say that he struck one of them on the hand.
Re-examined by the court.—He arrived at Liverpool about
six weeks ago, and before he arrived he saw Doble and Gould
Did not see any others of the crew before he was examined.
He stated to the mayor of Liverpool that he was sent house a
prisoner, but was set at liberty without any bail. The steward
and carpenter were ill in the cabin. The steward was burned,
and died in the boat. The carpenter he never saw after having
fallen on him when he fell through into the cabin. The two
prisoners, so far as he saw, were mild inoffensive men before
they attacked him and the captain. They had no business with
the arms. Botlibear was on the deck fur two hours before he
struck bins; and, though he was standing near him, he saw no
arms in his hands. William Kewark broke open the box and
said, " Here is some money, and we will share it amongst us."
They were three hundred miles from any laud, anti he did not
thins the two prisoners would ever have got to it: they were
seven hundred or eight hundred miles from their own country,
to which the ship was going.
William Kewark (or Rourke) was a seaman on board the
Amelia. On the night in question he was at the helm till
twelve o'clock, when he was relieved b-v Stubbs. Witness then
cast the lead, by order of Captain Glascoek. He then went
forward, and sat looking over the bows. There were on the
deck the captain, Stubbs, and himself, and Jombo and Botli-
bear. The latter was on the watch. Jotubo had been in the
cabin attending a sick man, and was often up and down. He
had sat about an hour in the bows before he heard any alarm,
On looking round, at the cry of " Murder" from Stubbs, he
just saw him fall down. Saw the two prisoners, awl on his
going aft they cause to meet him. Botlibear was close to where
Stubbs was when he heard the cry of " Murder." He saw
J •1! h -Aber side of the deck, close to where the captain
not see any blow struck at all before he met
.r had a cutlass in his hand, and Jumbo a war
sled to get off when he saw them so armed, and
him on the head. On receiving that blow, he
cutlass, when Jumbo struck him again. That
he captain was lying before. Did not then see
,as a great deal of blood on the deck. Did
stain struggling with any one across the deck,.
'e seen it had such a thing taken place before he

ads attacked
Several other witnesses were examined.
The prisoners denied the charge, and were ultimately ac-
quitted.

PRESENTATION OF TIIE COMMONS' AMENDED
ADDRESS TO illS MAJESTY,

ti
( From a Correspondent, of the 7'111161j- •
And now with respect to the presentation of the amended ad-
dresp, which }ou have already twice noticed. Your readers
may some of them be acquainted with a song called the Chris-
tening of little Joey :" the corti,ge on its way to church is thus
described—

" But such a queer procession
Of seedy coils and Newgate pals !
'Tis almost past expression I"
Let me tell you of what I saw of this dirty affair. I met the
Speaker and members casually in Pall-mall, and I was forcibly
reminded of that verse in the sung by their appearance—men iu
dirty boots, and not very clean shirts, and great coats, to present
an address from the assembled commons of this mighty empire
to the representative of its majesty on the throne ! How will
the tradesmen of London, an-1 the industrious mechanics work-
ing fur them, like processions of this kind? Dirty boots and
great coats (had the day been hut, the bearers would have slung
the latter over their aims) instead of court dresses, neighing
steeds, and sparkling equipages ! However, this much I will
say for those who were so shabbily imbed, or so philosophically
averse to parade, that as soon as they get into race, the public
money will endow them with the faculty of making a better ap-
pearance, and will also smooth down the roughness of their
equalizing principles.
Neither were all so coarse of mind, or so negligent of person :
the group was, strictly speaking, motley, and " motley,". the
great poet says, "is your only wear." '1 here were carriages in
the procession as wed as foot passengers and cabs; and this
may be taken as a sample of the prusent opposition. There are
many gentlemen in it who regret the company by which
they are surrounded—men of high talent, united to true consti-
tutional principles, anxious and determined upon reform as a
conservative measure. What will these men do tinder the con-
tinuance of the Peel administration ? What Sir Robert Peel
did, we apprehend, under the existence of theirs—support the
minister by detached votes in his several measures of constitu-
tional reform; and further, as they are already doing, take
every possible opportunity of showing their ave sion to their
more fiery allies, whose adhesion to them they feel to be dis-
gia..eful and inkarions.

LEGAL STARVATION.
We have said so much about the pour-laws' amendment act,
that it is scarcely necessary to say much more, we would hope,
to induce the legislature to re-consider and reform this most
anti-English and anti-Christian measure. Still, we cannot
avoid pointing out what occurred in Southwark on Wednesday
as most distressingly iilustrative of the wui king of the new.sys-
tem, which it would seem compels both magistrates and central
commissioners to starve the poori Anne Leicester, a young
tvirman, applied to Mr. Alderman Ansley fur an order to go into
the Poorhouse, her out-dour allowance tieing only sixpence, and
a log/'twice a-week ! The alderman replied with feeling—" My
pour woman, what can I do?—the new law forbids magistrates
to interfere." Ile then read the following letter:—
"Pnor-law Commissioners' Office. Somerset House:
"SIR,—A female pauper, named Mary Wood, delivered the
enclose.l paper at this office this morning, stating that she had
been desired to do so by the sitting magistrate at the Town-hall,
Southwark.

"The poor-law commissioners for England and Wales do not
doubt there is some mistake in this matter, as the law is kno%n
to exonerate (!) them from the duty of attending to particular
and individual cases in which relief may be demanded; but they
have thought better toirammit the paper to you, in the hope --
that you will be good enough to .direct any person at.the roan- '
hall,'Southwark, nut to refer pauper applicants to this board.
" Yours obediently,
"The Sitting Magistrates, " E.*CHADWICK Sec."
Town-hall, Southwark." ,
So, between the two parties, people are to :tane because they
are iodic/di/cis! In the name of heaven, fur shat were the
commissioners appointed?

RICHES OF THE CLICRCM

Su much has been said of the enormous riches of the'r lturcb,"
and so many exaggerations have been indulged in with respect
to the bloated rectors, (as our adversa ies elegantiy term the
clergy,) that we are anxious to place before our readers the fol-
lowing extract front the report made by the church commissioners
appointed by the late goyer nment—bein g the amount of church
revenues for 183.5 :

Net annual revenues of bishops £160,930
~
Ditto of cathedral and collegiate bodies.. 272,822
And the value of the beneiices of England and Wales which
have "cure of 50015" is well exhibited in the following scale :-
294, the incomes of which are under --- -- • 1:50 '
1621 £so and under 100
1591 1(X) l5O
1355 l5O .%00
1964 , 2(X) 3)O
1317 300.. 4OO
830 4OO 5OO " •
sth 5OO 6()0
337 6OO 7OO
217 7OO
129 BOO a9l 9(XI. 1000
• 13i lOOO • 1500
• 31 l5OO -2000-
18 • 2000 and upwards.
We need not make any remarks upon the above report of the
commissioners—it speaks fur itself.. Where is the •` bloa;cd"
wea.th of the church

STA'I E OF TRADE. • •
BRADFORD MARKET.—The demand for goods at this mart on
Thursday was much smaller than it has lately been, and very
few goods were sold. It was remarked that there was not a sin-
gle foreign merchant in the market, and consequently tm sales
were effected, except fur the home trade. The late tremendous
gales have nu doubt had the effect of preventing foreigners trout
reaching oer shores.
HUDDERSFUiLD MARKET.—There was a good deal of busi-
ness done in the Cloth
_Hall on Tuesday, but without any im-
provement in prices.
BARNSLEY LINEN TRADA.—The staple trade of this town
has been very brisk dining the week. A correspondent says
there is no time now for the workmen to play at marbles, nor is
there any waiting at the warehouses for work-. The manufac-
ture of damasks is not quite so busy as it hati lately been, owing
to the advanced season, bi..t the number of luoms en ployed in
weaving drills, sheeting and other fabrics, makes up the de-
ficiency.
ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY. MARCH 2.-21'h•
market was but thinly attended, and not much business was
,done. The goods sold were principally articles of superior
manufacture. rine qualities mil continue in good demand ;-
middle sorts are also in request. Bockings.are brisk sale, indeed
the deu.and is more than the supply. Blankets, low flannels,
and greys, are less sought an.er. Goods from 545. up to 48s. or
even 1011 x. per piece appear to be most saleable at present. The
wool market was rather dull, but prices remained steady. The
flannel weavers are in general fully employed at present, but
wages are low; many of the weavers have begun to make cot-
ton blankets in prefereece, as they can earn more by them than
weaving flannels.

THE FACTORY ACT.—The provisions of this Act, which are
just coming into operation, have given rise to touch discussion
of late, ithri have furnished a handle as well for the opponents
of all legislatke interfeteuce to protect infant labour, as for
those who advocate the other extreme. 'I here is a !hit d party;
too, deeply interested iu the question, and we could not have
read the pathetic appeals iu the Mercury a fortnight ago with-,
out becoming fully impressed with the awful predicament In
which that party stands, even without the array of cseurso
type in which their woes weie depicted. It will be seen also
that a discussion upon this subject took place in the house of
COMMOUS on Wednesday evening, on which occasion the Mill-
inspectors found an expositor of theirgrievancesinthe person
of-Lord Morpeth, who fully agrees with Mr;Baines that these
inspectors ought not to be denied the liberty of using their offi-
cial character and influence towards the concoction of any new
.regulations which may become necessary. Now, we will take
leave to inform his lordship, without ear-wigging him, that it
there is one point upon which all patties are agreed, it is this,
that ad the advantage which has been derived from the opera-
tion of the present "t, has been monopoliLed by the isliipec-
tors and their soho-dinate officials. The mill-owners have ex-
perienced nothing but vexatious interference ; the poor factory
children have been eased of their ea. wings by the exaction of
sixpenny fees, and the inspectors alone have flourished. No
wonder, then, that they should be anxious to afford their disin-
terested assistance in the formation of hew regulations, and wor
may be quite sure that in any altetation they might suggest,.
due care would be taken to perpetuate the necessity of their ser-
vices. But the mill-owners and patents of factory children will
hard.y be so simp'e as to imagine that their representations to
the legislature wilt be improved by thus passing through their
Official sieve, if there be one thing clearer than another in the •
matter, it is that the home secretary has taken the only
straightforward. business-like view of it, by directing the in-
spectors to confine themselves to the administration of the law,
as it stands, without assuming to themselves the function of in-
cipient law-makers, and leaving parties aggrieved to apply al
once to the proper source of remedy the government and legis-
lature.—Leeds latalliyenest.

a tnen, j„,toKi on the oth
Lnd the w, . .•ng. Did
,
DM pen- t utlibear
sed h -
.einv
ilde - • ck
o fa • - ,e
be • e 11
to hi ix;
mill apt
actions an, , , have
ho died teas attack.l.

MARCH 10, 18,35.

THEATRE ROYAL, LIVERPOOL.

ITALIAN OPERA.

(11' In emsequence of many persons -having been disap-
Nioted in securing Seats in the Boxes, the Manager has been
compelled to forma limited number of STALI.S at the same
price as the Boxesiplaces in which may he taken between the
n'ais of Eleven and Four, on application to Signor CAMPI, at
the Box-office.
SIGNORA CESARI returns -her sincere thanks to her
Friends and Patrons of the Italian Opera for the flattering
r!cetion she has met with in Liverpool, and begs to inform
the Subscribers and the Public that her BENEFIT will take
place this present TUESDAY, the 10th instant, on which oc-
casion will be performed the chef d'oeuvre of the celebrated
Maestro Vaccai,
GIULIETTA E ROMEO,
In which the character of RomEo was expressly composed at

Milan for La Signora CESARI.,'
Capeßio Signor/Deval.
Giuiietta....M dame Kyndier
Adele Sign a Campi.
Romeo Signora ' sari.
Lorenzo Si« r Boisragon.
Tebaldo Sigu • Galli.
After the Opera
ture to Oberon.
Daetto Buffo, (in character,) "Non temer mio hel cadetto,"
from the favourite Opera, "I 1 Posto Abbandonato," del
iaestro Mercadante. Cadetto Scozzese Federico, Signors
Cesari; Sargente Mezza Gainha, Signor Marani.
Scena, "Traitress! in vain thy terror would pleat! for more
delve" from the Opera, Angela of Venice, composed by Mr.
Ilez.rmann, for Signor Boisragon.
Sec•na ed. Aria, (in character "Mena oh to ch' io chiamo,"
front Rosiini's favourite Opera, "La Donna del Logo." Mal-
com, signora Cesari.

T. conclude with Rossini's celebrated
For DOUBLE QUARTETTO,
Eight Voices and full Choruses, "L' Asia in Faville e
Avvolta," iu which the whole strength of the Company will
Plea r.

Soprani.—Madame Kyntherland and-Miss Emily.
Tcnori.Signors Deval and Derain.
Contralti.—Signoras Cesari and Campi.
Bassi.—Signors Galli and Marani.

Subscribers' Ticet are not admitted on thi Eveni.
Prices of Admissiok
n.s —Lower Boxes, 4s. ;s Upperng Boxes,
38. 61. : Pit, 2s. 6d.; Gallery, Is.
Doors will be opened at Seven o'clock, and the Performance
kill core,

atEi,ght precisely.
pllekets to be had at Signora CESARI'S Residence. No. 13,
,;eughton-street, and at the liox•office of the Theatre, where
Places may be taken.
There will be no performance to-morrow evening.
