RESOLUTIONS.

The Advertisement calling the Meeting having been read,
The Annual Account of Receip►s and Expenditure, made
up to the 30th June last, and regularly audited, was submit-
ted to the Meeting.
The Report of the Directors to the Proprietors having been
read,
Moved by Mr. MooN, seconded by Mr. JOHN CROPPER,
Jun., and
Resolved,—That the Report now read be adopted and
printed, and a copy sent to each Proprietor.
In consequence of remarks having been made byone of the
Proprietors upon the conduct of Mr. Earle, one ofthe Direc-
tors of this Company, it was moved by Mr. JOHN CROPPER,
Jun., seconded by Mr. DANIEL. MATHER, and
Resolved unanimously,—That this Meeting' cordially ap-
proves of Mr. Earle's conduct, and that the Proprietors de-
sire to express to him their thanks for his attention in the in-
terests of the undertaking, and their full confidence in him
as a Director. .

The Secretary announced that pursuant to the provisions
of the Act, the following Gentlemen cease to be Directors this
day, viz, :—Mr. RATHBONE, Mr. E. CROPPER, and Mr.
BEVAN.
Moved by Mr. JOHN CROPPER, Jun., seconded by Mr.
ROBINSON,
That T H EORODE W. RATH BONE, Esq, EDWARD
CROPPER, Esq., and REECE BEVAN, Esq., be re-
elected, and that they are duly elected by this Meeting, Di-
rectors of the North Union Railway.
Moved by Mr. HORN BY, seconded by Mr. EWART, and
Resolved,—That these Resolutions be printed and circula-
ted with the Report among the Proprietors, and also in the
usual Liverpool and Preston Newspapers, and Wigan Ga-
zette.

Yy
(Signed) THOMAS D. HESKETH, Chairman.
Moved by Mr. J. MATHER, seconded by Mr. ROBERT
MATHER,
That the thanks of this Meeting are justly due to the Chair-
man and Directors for their unwearied attention to the inter-
ests of the Company.

3ROFESSOR SWEDOUIt'S HYGELICN HERB
PILLS, for the effectual extirpation 0 every species
and symptom of the SYPHILITIC DI ASE, and the
disorders arising from improper treatm t.
Prepared and sold by the Proprietor, at
No. 42, SEEL-STREET, VERPOOL.
In boxes at 2s. 9d. and s. 6d. each. •
Warranted not to contain COPAIBA, CUBEBS, or any
deleterious ingredient.
41,,* With each Box is given a Treatise on Venereal
and Syphilitic Diseases, with observations on seminal weak-
ness &c. containing hints worth knowing by those who
are, or have been sufferers to this dreadful and devastating
malady.
Dr. DAVIESON continues to direct his attention to those
disorders arising from the too free and indiscriminate in-
dulgence of the passions, which not only occasion a numer-
ous train of nervous affections, but also entails on its votaries
all the enervating imbecilities of old age. In that distressing
state of debility and deficiency, whether the consequence of
baneful habits, excessive drinking, or any other cause by
which the powers of the constitution become enfeebled, he
offers a firm, safe, and speedy restoration to sound and vigor-
ous health.
It is a melancholy fact that thousands fall victims to the
venereal disease, owing to the unskilfulness of illiterate men,
who, by the use of that deadly poison, Mercury, ruin the con•
stitution. When the great Doctor Swedour became Prp-
fessor at Leyden University, he conferred an linvaluable be-
nefit upon mankind by the discovery of his grand Panacea,
for the cure of this deplorable complaint, Never did a dis-
covery excite a greater sensation, it was sought after with
slice... in the ni,,;t
minute and intricate cases or the dencaie comnlaint, for the
cure of which they have been so long celebrated. The fame
of these Pills throughout Germany, caused their speedy in-
troductiaknto almost every country. The certainty with
which t vere continually administered can be attested by
many thousands. In fact, during the long continental war
they were the inseparable companion and safeguard of the
soldier, in all cases where the slightest suspicion of infection
was entertained. What medicine can be more appropriate
than that which has given such general satisfaction ? The
Hygeian H erb Pills root out every particle of insidious poison,
purifying in their progress the whole mass of fluids. They
not only remove the disease, but renovate by their action
the different functions of the body expelling the grosser hu-
mours, and in a manner so mild and imperceptible as to
convince the most sceptical of their astonishing and un-
equalled powers. They neither contain mercury florally other
mineral, and may be taken without the slightest suspicion
of discovery—they require na restraint of diet, loss of time,
or hindrance of business, but effect a complete cure, without
the least exposure to the patient. At any period when the
slightest suspicion may exist, it will be well to have recourse
to the Ilygeian Herb Pills, for when taken before the disease
bas made its appearance it acts as a certain preventive, by
moving the complaint effectually and secretly. ,The deplor-
able state in which many persons have been when visiting
the proprietor, from the use of mercury, renders it impera-
tively necessary to caution the public against that dangerous
mineral when injudiciously administered.
These Pills should form a portion of all Medicine Chests,
by sea and land, and ought never to be omitted by any person
going a long voyage or journey, their properties are such
that neither heat nor cold will injure their quality, or pre-
vent the due effects on the constitution.

Dr. Davieson will attend daily at his residence, from Eight
in the morning until Ten at night, (on Sundays from Nina
till Two,) where he gives advice to all applicants taking any
()this preparations, WITHOUT A FEE.
Letters (post-paid) enclosing a remittance, answered by
return, and Medicines punctuallyLtransmitted to any ad-
dresi either by initials or name.
No. 42. SEEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

His Grace the Duke of Devonshire arrived at Chatsworth
House from London, on Friday, the 27th ult.
The company of proprietors of the Great Western steam-
ship, from Bristol to America, have called a public meeting.,
for the purpose of increasing their capital to such an amount
as will'enable them to place several similar steamers upon
the station.—Bath Gazette.

A gentleman having lately taken the wrong seat in one of
the railroad carriages, was presently accosted by the rightful
owner with " I beg your pardon, sir, but lam 80." " Are
you indeed ?" said the intruder, " I should not have thought
—but I find I am myself 79," and immediately moved to the
next seat so numbered.

HINTS TO MEDCAL,ATEN.—At Moscow no natives act in
the capacity of apothecaries, this being a profession entirely
confined to Germans. To prevent medicines being improper-
ly made, and mistakes on the part of the ignorant and care-
less, of which many fatal instances occur in England, par-
ticularly in giving oxalic acid for Epsom salts, so soon as it is
known that any medicine has been made up wrong, the shop
where it was prepared is shut up by the police. Every pre-
scription received by an apothecary is retained by him,
entered in a book, and, for greater security, a ticket is also
given with the medicine, addressed to the person fur whom it
is intended, explaiuing its nature, the name of the
.physician,
and the exact time when it was sent to the invalid. This is
a prudent regulation, and similar measures of precaution
ought to he adopted in England, or enforced by legislative
enactments, as it would prevent impositions as well as acci-
dents. Something worthy of imitation may always -be foUnd
even among those nations who are least of all to be copied
generally, and in other respects anything but models of con-
duct. Even the Turks are to be commended for a marked
humanity to all animals, and who might cause many who
claim the character of christians to blush for their neglect of
a virtue practised by infidels.

A NUPTIA L ENVOY IN CIRCASSIA.—I Could not sufficient-
ly admire the courteous bearing of the fine youth who had
been delegated by his brother to conduct his bride to her fu-
ture home. He leaped from his horse, and, after respect-
fully saluting her, in a manner that would have done honour
to any one of the most gallant knights of the middle ages,
drew his sword, and proceeded to make a long, and I dare
say eloquent, oration ; but, as it underwent a double transla-
tion, 1 have no doubt its force and spirit were proportionately
injured. He commenced by praising her beauty, comparing
her eyes to diamonds, her cheeks to the roses of Arianoi,
(Persia,) and her form to the graceful antelope. Neither did
he forget to eulogize the virtues and bravery of the bride-
groom, his brother—the number of enemies he had slain in
battle, the courage of the bands of warlike clansmen who
called him lord, the fertility of the country she was about to
adopt as her own, and the vast flocks and herds of which she
was to become the sole mistress. Then, tinning the point of
his sword alternately to the tour quarters of the globe, swore
he would protect her safely till he could deliver her to his
brother, even at the sacrifice of his life and of the lives of his
escort, should it become necessary—a declaration responded
to by the whole band with loud acclamations.—Spencer's
Travels in Western Caucasus.
- -

- • -
A MULL. CANDLESTICK, 50 YEARS AGO.—At a funeral in
the island of Mull, about 50 years ago, a considerable assem-
blage of the gentlemen of the country attended. A large barn
was prepared as the sleeping place. A row or range of beds
was made on both sides of the barn—hay and straw covere I
with blankets, and each gentleman, as begot drunk, was car-
ried to bed by persons in attendance for the purpose. There
sthpQrseesednatyasDforr. 'Ahascsloelanni,eatymaend
diegalregaetndtleecmoraunm,
of remarkable,conduct.
in .
Finding he
had taken as much wine as was ~,00d for him, he
hand a lighted candle.eat bed-room, (the barn,)
proceeded to the
the person who hadlathi-ele knew that his berth was next to
holding in his
rflocarried out. Having no candle-
stick, he looked around hime 9nme_csonvenierit place in which
to fix the stump which hethheeileals
ji.
oiif thhea;lrd. The only place
approachedlt him,
which he could find was
and asleep in the berth next to him. trend who lay drunk
and having dropped some tallow from the mr
ear, he fixed the burning stump there, undressed, and fell
The candle continued to burn, fixed in the nsockfeellt
asleep.
of old Kenneth Beaton's ear. A servant entered the room,
and seeing the flame from Kenneth's ear, he had no doubt
it was some supernatural light, for old Kenneth was supposed
to hold intercourse with the world of spirits in no ordinary
degree. The servant rushed out to call the minister to witness
the flame. The minister came; but by this time the flame
had disturbed poor Kenneth, who, turning in his bed, ex-
tinguished the flame, and the stump of the candle was found
next morning in his ear.—Lord Teignmouth's Sketches of the
Coast and Islands of Scotland.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRANCE.

The Paris papers of Thursday contain no news of import-
ance. Marshal Soult arrived in Paris on Wednesday even-
ing in excellent health. It was tenoned ttlat a grand enter-
tainment would be given to hnn by the French army, 6ut
there Was no such matter in contemplation. He attended a
meeting of the cabinet on Thursday (under the Piesidency
of the King), and made an official report of the manner in
which he had acquitted himself of his mission to England.
The opposition papers complain loudly of the unceremo-
nious entry of the police 'into private dwellings, printing-
offices, &c., and their uncontrolled license in opening
bureaus, writingdesks, reading of correspondence and otber
docurneuts,and ot bet- violations -of-i adivittnet liberty. The-
ministerial papers attempt no apology for the practice, nor
show that in any case the agents of government bad acted on
positive information. The proceeding had, however, become
of such frequent occurrence, and the existence of treasonable
societies was so generally believed, that the public appeared
to take those steps of the police as :natters of course, and
paid them no attention.
It is said in Paris that some pieces and documents of great
importance have been taken by one of the employds of the
Minister of Foreign Affairs (Count Mold), and sold by him
to certain foreign diplomatists at 1,000 francs thb letter. It
is added that-a part of the correspondence of M. Sebastiani
and of M. Biesson, relative to the affairs of Belgium, has
thus been made public to the Northern Courts.

SPAIN.
The usual daily express from Madrid had not arrived in
Paris on Thursday. Additional letters from Estella of the
25th ult. had been received. They only repeated that an
attack by the Christinos was momentarily expected, and

that prayers were daily offered up, in that town for the suc-
cess of fheCarlist arms. A. M. Tech°, a lawyer, who, strange
to say, had been Minister of War of Don Carlos, resigned
that once on the 24th, after a warm altercation with General

The French government received the following telegraphic
despatch from Narborne on Thursday evening:—" Ad-

,s from La Scu d'Urg

:el of the 30th- ult., state that the

insurgents, who had sought refuge in the episcopal palace of
Solsona, had beep obliged to capitulate. Their commander,
Mondeden, and two other chiefs were killed. Count d'Es-
pagne has retired towards the Torregassa."

COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE.

NEW SOUTH. WALES.

Sydney papers to the 12th of April have been received.
It appears that the colony was progressing tranquilly, but
great complaints continued to be made of the want of labour-
ing assistants, and a public meeting was about to be convened
to devise some practicable and speedy plan of supplying the
necessities of the wealth of the colony has, however, indnced.
the colonists to agree in one opinion, that their pressing
exigencies must be met by an immediate importation of coolies
from India. So sanguine were the cultivators of the soil,
and the flock-masters generally, that this will be the only
remedy for the demand for agricultural labours, that they
have already entered into calculations upon the benefits which
they may acquire by this new species of slavery. The fol-
lowing extract from the Sydney Herald bespeaks the senti-
ments of the colonists, who in their appeal to the governor,
Sir George Gipps, claim to be remunerated for the loss they
sustain by the deficiency of convict labour, by asking their
government countenance for the importation of the innocent
hill coolies of the East Indies.

" It is said that £lOO would defray the cost of landing ten
coolies at Sydney, This is not a great sum; and were every
flock-master in the colony-to do this an immediate and great
relief would be afforded to the labour market. Let the sheep-
'owners unite at once, and arrange with mercantile houses in
Sydney connected with houses in India for the importation
of a few for every establishment in the colony, as an experi-
ment, and should it be found to succeed, which we have no
doubt it will, an abundant.source of labour will be opened to
the coloney, within a reasonable distance, and at a cheap
rate."

The Sydney paper dwells with much rapture upon the pros-
pects which this new scheme will afford to the colony, but
the writer seems so used to the presence of convict slavery
that it does not appear that the importation of these hill
coolies will be at all obnoxious to their individual feelings.
They seem to be looked upon as mere experimental machines,
to be used for the benefit of those who bold lands in those
colonies, which experiment it is to be hoped that the govern-
ment at home will in shame not countenance. A joint-stock-
sheep comigny had been formed at Sydney, which had com-
menced enaatmos by buying 877 sheep. The accounts which
had arrived at Sydney front South Australia represent that
disputes continue to prevail between the governor and resi-
dent commissioner of lands respecting some applications,
particularly one near the Government House, but it appears
that the Advocate General Stephen and Judge Jickling were
opposed to the commissioners' decision.
At Sydney flour was 19s. per 100Ibs., and second ditto 165.;
colonial wheat 7s. per bushel, and Van Diemen's Land wheat
Bs. per bushel..

UNIVERSITY AND CLERICAL INTELLIGENCE.

OxFoul), JULY 28.—An election for fellowships took place
on the 26th instant, at Magdalen College, when the Rev.
Frederick Bulley, M.A., and Richard Clark Sewell, Esq.,
M.A., probationary, fellows of Magdalen College, 'were ad-
mitted fellows of that society; and at the same time, the Rev.
William Hancock. M.A.,_ was admitted a probationary fellow;
and Mr. Edward Kaye Burney, (of the county of Kent,) and
commoner of Christ Church, and Mr. Henry George Joseph
Parsons, of the diocese of Chichester, were elected Demies of
the same college.
The Dean and Chapter of Christ Church have presented
the Rev. John Robert Hall, student, to the vicarage of St.
Mary Magdalene, in this city, void by the resignation of the
Rev. Henry Bull.

The Rev. Gilbert Wall Ileathcote, 8.C.L., late fellow of
New College, and fellow of Winchester College, has been
presented to the rectory of Ash, near Farnham, Surrey, va
cant by the death of the Rev. Harry Lee, M.A., late fellow
of New College; patrons, the Warden and Fellows of Win-
chester College.

Fr nFI3IL

The Rev. T. M. Symonds, M.A., chaplain ro the COuntess.
of Carvsfort, has been institutedto the rectory of•Broornswell,
Suffolk. Patron, the Marquis of Bristol.
The Rev. Edward Packenham Armstrong, 8.A., to the
vicarage of Skellingthorpe, Lincolnshire, vacant by the death
of .John Dowbiggin, clerk.
The Rev. James Armistead, to the vicarage of Thorpe St.
Peter, Lincolnshire, vacant by the resignation of S. E. Hop-
kinson' clerk.
The Rev. Roper Trevor Tyler, M.A., of University College,
Oxford, to the rectory of Idantrithyd, Glamorganshire, vacant
by the resignation of the Rev. W. Bruce Knight, M.A., of
Exeter College. Patron, Sir T. D. Aubrey, Bart.
The Rev. William May Ellis, M.A., to the rectory of lek-
ford, Bucks, void by the resignation of the Rev. 1. C. Towns-
end. Patron, the Rey. 1. C. ToWnsend. _ _

The Rev. C. B. Henville, to the vicarage of Hound. by the
wardens and scholars of Winchester College, vacant by the
death of the Rev. Harry Lee.
The Rev. Scott Frederick Surtees, clerk, A. 8., to the
vicarage of Newlin, in the county of Cornwall, vacant by the
death of the Rev. Richard PolwSele; the last incumbent.
The ReV. H. L. Blosee, to the rectory of Michaelstone-fe-
Pitt, Glamorganshire, vacant by the death of the Rev. T.
Hancorne. Patron, T. B. Rous, Esq.
The Rev. John Barb., jun., to the vicarage of .Aughton-
cum-Cotting,ham, Yorkshire, vacant by the death of the Rev.
W. Deans. . .

The ltev. Robert Martindale, assistant minister of St.
Katharine's Church, Tranmere, to the senior curacy of Sand.
bach, Cheshire'.
The Rev. Andrew Bonar, to be the minister of Collace,

. _
Perthshire, in the room of the Rev. Mr. Rogers.
The Rev. J. Stewart, to the church and parish of Abernethy
Scotland.

OBITUARY.

In the 76th year of his age, the Rev. John Overton, M.A.,
36 years rector of St. Crux and St. Margaret, in the city o
York.

„....
At Brighton, the Rev. IL Collet, A.M., of Westerham,
Kent.

The Bev. Thomas Browne, late second master of the gram
mar school, Christ's Hospital.
Aged 70, the Rev. James Saunders, D.C.L., rector of Kirt•
liugton, in the county of Oxford.
