Such is- and ever has been our own opinion. The inroad
upon property began with the reform bill ; it is pushed for-
ward by the church-robbery bill ; it is recognized by the
West India confiscation bill; and it, Will lead to. the
sponging and obliteration of the national debt ! When
that day comes, and it will follow with death-like certainty
upon the footsteps of the colonial robbery, there will
be a wail in London, and loud lamentation from one end
of the kingdom to the other. It will not be the planter's
widow, or the planter's orphan, who will alone raise this
sound of woe. The sleepy annuitant and the oblivious
fundholder, the confiding dotard and- the unconscious in-
fant will in one day be beggared. He that.dreamt over
his five hundred a year, as he stole from Exeter-hall,
proud of his philanthropy, making a religious robbery a
.palliative for past errors, will on the next day, as he enters
the Bank to receive his dividends, be told that there are
no assets, no interest, no funds. Well, this will be cruel ;
but it is justice based upon expediency and necessity, the
uniform argument offered us by the anti-slavery party
and the reformers of the West Indies.

It is by no means an ineffectual way of bringing home
to the understandings of men the importance of a ques-
tion, to show how that question affects their particular
interests. Our last publication gave a general sketch of
the enormous amounts of imports, exports, duties, and
general expenditure, which have attached to our West
India trade for the last 50 years.

We will here show in detail what hove been the
amounts of our exports only, in a few of the branches of
manufacture and of agricultural productions which those
calumniated possessions have taken from us as a part of
the 190 millions sterling, which has been the aggregate
of those exports within the period referred to. These,
we say, are but a few ;—there are innumerable other ar-
ticles, of which it is as needless as it would be difficult
for us to furnish similar details. We recommend the
following list to the perusal of those who take any inte-
rest in this important question in the manufacturing dis-
tricts.

Among the exports to the West Indies, in the last fifty
years, are—
Cotton Goods lOOO millions of yards.
Linen Ditto
Woollen Ditto
Leather 2O millions of lbs. weight.
Hats l2 millions.
Iron and Steel . 300,000 tons.
Hardware and Cutlery 700,000 cwts.
Brass and Copper 500,000 cwts.
Millwork and Machinery.... £2,000,000 sterling.
Plate and Jewellery £1,000,000 sterling.
Glass BO millions of pounds.
Earthenware
Soap and Candles 2OO millions of lbs. weight.
Coals 2 millions of tons.
Beer 500,000 casks.
Butter and Cheese lOO millions of pounds.
Beef and Pork . 500 millions of pounds.
Herrings 900,000 barrels.
