patronage for a few Whigs and their Irish satellites, while it'
would leave Ireland in 'a worse state were the Tories again
in power, than she was when they were turned out—their re-
'turn to power being the most probable event in the political
future.
" Some of the arguments of ad misericordiam urged in be-
half of the seven millions' by those who profess to repre-
sent them are of a kind to provoke disgust rather than in-
spire sympathy. One would suppose that Irishmen were
destitute of every thing like manliness, self-reliance, and.
even physicil strength. The Scotch are not half as numer-
ous as the Irish, but there is not a man in North Britain who
would not laugh to scorn the idea of being ridden over rough-
shod by Tories, Whigs, or any other party or combination of
parties. The Irish nation, Mr. Yates alleges, can only be
preserved from a revival of slavery' by keeping Sir R.
Peel out of office. We refuse credence to such a libel on
that people ; but if it be true and no calumny, then the
'seven millions' are qualified, for slavery and unfit for free-
dom."
We wind up our remarks on this subject for to-day,
with the following letter addressed to the Spectator,
which we borrow without infringing on his right :

" WHO IS THE TRAITOR ?"
" London, 27th September, 1838.
" Sir,—ln a recent faumber of your journal, Mr. Ward,
the able and independent member for Sheffield, was remind-
ed that some further explanation and particulars of the charge
brought against Mr. O'Connell and the Irish members, of
urging ministers to give them a tithe-bill without the appro-
priation clause, would be very desirable. Mr. Ward, I
understand, professed to speak of his own knowledge to that
important fact. Knowing so much, it is difficult to con-
ceive that he could not, if he chose, tell more. And it is fit
that Mr. Ward should be aware that some additional infor-
mation is considered necessary, to show that he, a ministeri-
alist, did not lightly hazard the statement iu question with a
view to aid ministers—to suggest something like an apology
for their dereliction of principle. Such was palpably the
motive with which a similar explanation of the ministerial
backsliding was originally given in a newspaper notoriously
prostituted to Downing-street uses. But, independently of
personal considerations, Mr. Ward owes it to the public, to
state what he knows of a transaction which so materially
affects the character of no small number of the Irish repre-
sentatives. If the truth is precisely what has been stated,
then, 1, for one, shall know what to think of Mr. O'Connell
and his set.

" I am, sir, your obedient servant, ,
" A FRIEND TO PLAIN DEALING,"

PROSPECTS OF THE TORIES-REGISTRA.
TION OF VOTERS. _

Having in the foregoing given a view of the /17hig
prospects, we may be allowed briefly to advert to those
of the Tories. Our British brethren, at least, are
taking the means to secure themselves of victory,
whenever the time comes for a struggle. In fact. the
battle is half won in Parliament which has been so
successfully fought at the Court of Registration.
(FROM THE SPECTATOR OF SATURDAY.)
" The Parliamentary registration•proceeds in the manner
anticipated from the lazy indifference of the Liberals and
the hopeful activity of the Tories. With scarcely an excep-
tion, the latter have succeeded in beating down the numbers
of their antagonists, and augmenting their own. The Me-
tropolitan County is clearly lost, and the rories•may reckon
on returning two members at the next election. In London
city, a reference to the comparative numbers of claims and
objections shows Toryism in the ascendant. In the coun-
ties, and in some of the principal boroughs, the same result
is obtained. Were an election to take place before the re-
gistration next year, there would be a large Tory majority
returned for England. Sir Robed Peel, the Times now
plainly announces, is only waiting till be can be sure of a
majority in the House of Commons, to turn out the present
Ministers. The Morning Chronicle eagerly snatched at the
admission of the Times that the Tories were not yet ready to
take office; and asked how they were to get 'in P Look at
the proceedings in the Revising Barristers' Courts, and the
process will he plain enough : it is going on now. The
Tories are assiduously making a majority; and the work
once completed, there will be no longer any coquetting with
the Whigs, no more shy reluctance to return to power, but
an eager onslaught on the enfeebled foe. The way may be
opened any day after the meeting of parliament by the Lords,
who, by an address to the Crown for the removal of Minis-
ters, or the rejection of necessary bills, might compel a
Cabinet with a majority of only 15 or 20 in the Commons to
retire. Probably this operation will not long be delayed, if
the registration goes on as it has commenced."

TU AN OLD ENGLISH VILLAGE.

What unto thee are cities vast,
Small village here among these elms?
The care that eats, the show that cheats,
The noise that overwhelms?

Few sounds are thine, and clearly heard :
The whimple of one only brdok—
The woodman's axe that distant sounds—
Dog's bay, or cawing rook.

How fill'd with quiet are these fields !
Far off is heard the peasant's tread !
How clothed with peace is human life !
How tranquil seem the dead!

Here Time and Nature are at strife—
The only strife that here is seen:
Whate'er decay has tinged with gray,
Has nature touch'd with green.

The market•cross, o'ergrown with moss,
All quaintly carved, still lingers on,
And dreams, even in this hoary place,
Of ages longer gone.

The maypole, hung with garlands sere,
Thou fondly dost retain as yet,
All good old pastimes of this land
Unwilling to forget.

The Gothic church, the manor hall,
And cottages low-roof'd with stone,
With waving grass and lichtns all
Are grayly overgrown.
Haunt for the meditative mind !
Some hermit long has near thee dwelt,
And breathed his soul forth on the air
In quiet that is felt.

I round me look some monk to see,
Some stately old monastic fane;
Nor should I start, were Ito meet
The Norman or the Dane.

Here, as to all the world unknown,
And sage seclusion dost thou keep;
And here Antiquity enjoys
A deep and mossy sleep.

Across the moors far have 1 sped,
Intent upon a glowing theme;
And here the first time round me look,
Awake, as in a dream.

Thy name I know not, nor would know;
No common name would I be told;
Yet often shall I seek thee now,
Thou village quaint and old.

Lord Melbourne's butcher declares he has not served him
with a joint of meat these six months.
The newly-elected Lord Mayor of London is Ald. Samuel
Wilson, weaver.
An Englishman lately visiting Niagara Falls was asked
his opinion:—" Very neat, 'pon honour—very neat!"
The lieutenant-governorship of the island of Dominica has
become vacant by the demise of Major Longlev, royal ar-
tillery.

Colonel Campbell, royal artillery, has been appointed com-
mandant of the garrison of Quebec.
- - -

Such is the failure of the apple crop in some parts of Dor-
setshire that in orchards of thirty and forty acres there is not
a bushel of fruit.

On Monday and Tuesday the legal notices preparatory
to suing the petitioners against Mr. Fector's return for
Maidstone was served upon them.—Maidstone Journal.
The late Earl Fitzwilliam possessed the earldom seventy-
seven years—a length of time rarely equalled.
The Queen has been pleased to appoint Charles Cooper
Esq. to be judge of the Province of South Australia.—Globe'
Two copper coins, one of the reign of Galienus, Roman
Emperor, and one our Own Edward 111, have lately been
found in Lancaster church-yard.
The Admiralty are putting a few 68-pound guns into all
the ships capable of carrying them, and the Horse Guards
are furnishing the army with percussion muskets.
Sir John Herschel, it is said, refuses to allow himself to be
put in nomination as President of the Royal Society in the
the place of his Royal-Highness the Duke of Sussex.
The Earl of Durham has appointed a commission, con-
sisting of Mr. Charles Buller and two other gentlemen, to
inquire into the best means of establishing municipal insti-
tutions in the principal towns of Upper and Lower Canada.
ROCHDALE MONTHLY CATTLE FAIR: MONDAY, OCT. 1.
There has been, to-day, but a poor show of cattle in the mar-
ket, and the demand has been very lithited. The prices have
undergone little or no change since the last month's fair.
ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET: MONDAY, OCT. I.—The
market has been unusually brisk to-day. and a great many
goods have been sold, in many cases at a slight advance in
price ' • but flannels of finer quality continue heavy of sale.
Wool remains firm at last week's prices.
STATE OP TRADE.—The demand for yarn continues ex-
tremely limited, and prices rather receding. For goods of
nearly all descriptions there is still a fair demand; but, in
consequence of the state of the cotton and yarn markets,
the buyers are somewhat cautious, and purchase only for pre-
sent use.—Manchester Guardian.
The Rev. John Ryle Wood, late preceptor to Prince Geo.
of Cambridge; attends her Majesty the Queen Dowager to
the Mediterranean, as domestic chaplain.
There are nearly 1,200 distilleries in this state alone.
Enough to corrupt, bankrupt, ruin, disgrace, and drown the
whole world.—New York paper.
The Led3er (American paper) says that Boston milk con-
tains " two parts of cow's milk, one of chalk, and seven of
eztract of pump!"
An entire village of Moravia has just petitioned for au-
thority to change their religion. The inhabitants wish to ab-
jure the catholic faith and become Protestants.

Last week, 1,300 tons of Russian hemp, part of a contract
of 2,000, was delivered to the rope department in Portsmouth
Dockyard, which came rather opportunely, our whig econo-
mists not having at the time hall a ton in store.

BARNES, THE PANTALOON.—The celebrated pantomimist,
the last of the Bologna and Grimaldi school, died on Friday
night at his lodgings, in Pentonville, in his fiftieth year. A
subscription was lately opened for his benefit, but too late,
except to enable him to will the proceeds.
Saturday last, being the day of atonement with the Jews,
it was observed by them as a strict fast. They repaired to
the synagogue at six o'clock in the morning, where they re-
mained until six in the evening without taking any nourish-
ment, after which they departed.
We are informed that the demand for labour of various
kinds was never greater, in the metropolis and the neighbour-
hood, than at present. A considerable number of men have
been brought up from the country. In some large establish-
ment: the men work by night and on Sundays, the press for

These circumstances militate against political agitation in
London and the neighbothurhood, and partially counteract the
distress occasioned by e high price of bread.—Spectator.
THE EGRE.—A few days a gentleman from Lincoln went
to the Treat side, near Gainsborough, to witness the return
of the tide, when, not being aware of the meaning of " Ware
Egre," as the boatmen call out to one another on the ap-
pearance of the wave, although but a moment before he was
standing on dry land some feet from the water's edge, he
found himself, to his astonishment, up to his middle in water.
This phenomenon, we are told, is only to be seen in one
other river in England. In other places the tide is seen to
run regularly one way till it arrives at the lowest, when a
flood takes place, then a gradual turn the other way, which
continues to increase until it arrives at high-water mark;
but here the tide continues to ebb until it meets with the
returning tide, which makes its appearance in the shape of a
large wave, bearing down all opposition, and sometimes in-
creasing the height of the river three feet in a =intent. Itgis
a very interesting sight.—Lincoln Mercury.
