Emperiat 13artiamtnt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-141orinA v.
The presentation, by—the ,Marquis -of 'TIONDONDERRY, of a
petition from the West-end tradesmen, for the postponement of
the ," coronation," called forth some curious conversation, Earl
Fitzwilliarn designating that ceremonial as an idle and useless
pageant. _

_
The consideration of the poor relief (Ireland) bill occupied
the remainder of the evening.
There was a good deal of discussion previously to their Lot d-
ships resolving into committee on the bill.
The Earl of RODEN moved as an amendment that their
lordships.resolve into committee that day six months; but the
amendment was eventually withdrawn, and the house went into
committee.

After extended debate, in the course of which Lords Fitz.
gerald, Melbourne, and Brougham delivered their opinions, it
was adjourned till Thursday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MONDAY.
Mr. Heneage was sworn, and took his seat for Devizes; and
a new writ was ordered for the county of Linlithgow, in the
room of Mr. James Hope, who has accepted the Chiltern
H undreds.

NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP'.
The order of the day for taking into consideration the reso-
lutions relating to negro apprenticeship in the West Indies
having been read,
Sir G. GREY rose, pursuant to notice, and, in the course of a
speech of some length and ability, adverted with considerable
severity to the conduct of the recent meeting at Exeter Hall,
and complained of the eager and injudicious haste with which
tidings bad already been sent out to the West Indies of the un-
expected adoption of the resolution of Sir Eardley
This fact alone rendered it imperative upon ministers to lose no
time in taking measures to counteract what he must calla
wicked attempt to create an impression which might otherwise
be productive of the most fatal results. His anxiety was to pro.
test the peaceable but hopeful negroes from the grossest delu-
sion; and he claimed of the house, that it would lend its aid in
securing adherence to a course of policy consistent with reason,
justice, and enlightened benevolence. He concluded by
moving—." I. That, in order to prevent- the injurious conse-
quences which may follow from the intentions of parliament
being left in doubt, and in order to maintain the peace and wel-
fare of the colonies, it is necessary to declare that, in the opi-
nion of this house, it is not advisable to adopt any proceedings
for the purpose of giving effect to the resolution of the 22d of
May.-2. That this house, at the seine time, declares its opi-
nion that no means should be omitted which can tend to secure
to the negro population of her Majesty's colonies the privileges
to which they are entitled under the act for the abolition of
slaVery, and under the act for the amendment of the slavery
abolition act: and further, that the anxious attention of this
house will be directed to the state and condition of the negro
population, when the, expiration of the term of apprenticeship
shall have entitled them to the full enjoyment of entire free-
dom.",

Si! E. WiLmoT said he was, perfectly ready, if the amend-
: which he intended to propose were successful, to in-
troduce a bill for the purpose of carrying out the resolution of
the 22,1 of May, which would include provisions to confer secu-
rity upon the negro, and safety to the masters, and would place
the negro exactly in the position of the free labourer in England.
lf, however, his amendment should be unfortunately lost, he
would not only say what he should do, but he would take any
and every constitutional course which was open to .him for the
purpose of effectuating the resolution of the 22d of May. He
proposed, then, by way of amendment, to leave out all the words
in the original motion after the word " that," for the purpose
of inserting words to this effect :—" That it is the opinion of
this house that the resolution passed on the 22d of May should
be carried into effect by means of a legislative enactment; due
-provision being made to secure the peace of the colonies, and
to promote the full enjoyment of equal rights among all classes."
Mr. VILLIEeS seconded the amendment.
A long debate ensued. The speakers were Mr. Barron, Mr.
Sergeant Jackson, Mr. Hulton, Sir G. E. Grey, Mr. Ward,
and Mr. Ellice, who said, that if the interests of the masters
alone bad been at stake, those he would have compensated in
money ; but he objected to the immediate abolition, not for the
sake of the master, but of the negro. Before the negro could
be safely set at large, you must provide a poor law—a vagrant
law—an improved currencv—and you must remodel the dis-
crepant legislatures of the different colonies. These were works
of some time and care.

Sir H. INGLIS and Mr. BAINS followed, and were succeeded
by

Sir ROBERT PEEL, who very emphatically stated his objection
to a resolution which was avowedly not to be followed up by a
bid, but which reserved a former deliberate resolution, affected
to repeal a solemn act of Parliament, and sought to involve the
house in difficulties, not only without the accomplishment of
any good purpose, but with the mischievous consequence of ex-
pectations of the negroes. If the resolution of the hon. mem-
ber-for Warwickshire were permitted to remain unrescinded,
an impression might get abroad, that,. the legislature having
abdicted its functions," they devolved upon Exeter Hall; a
heavy blow would be struck at the influence of parliament, and
it might even be deprived hereafter of the power of holding the
balance of justice between the planters and the slaves with a
firm and steady hand.
i%lr. O'CoNriE LI, supported. the amendment, and was followed
by

'Lord STANLEY, who opposed it.
After a few remarks from Dr. LUsHINGTON,
Lord JokIN RUSSELL declared- his determination to oppose
the amendment, and said, if the resolutions proposed by the
government were carried, the effect would be, that the act for
the emancipation of the negroes would go on, and time would
then he given for the preparation of the various measures ne-
cessary on the alteration which would take place in the condi-
tion of the negro population in 1810. If the house did not in-
terfere to limit the period stipulated for the continuance of the
apprenticeship system, and thus create irritation, the best re.
suits might be expected; but if those expectations were disap-
pointed, then the hciuse would have to thank itself, or those who
had attempted to mar a fair experiment, should confusion and
irritated feelings take the place of order and harmony.
The house then divided, when there appeared—For the mo-
tion. 250; for the amendment, 178; majority-72.
It was agreed that the house should sit next day, (Tuesday),
and proceed with the Irish Municipal Corporations bill. The
other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the house
adjourned at two o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TUESDAY.
After the presentation of many
,petitions, Sir STRATFOR D
CANNING deferred his motion regarding the Vixen till June 11
On the motion that the house resolve into committee on the
Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Bill,
Sir R. PEEL brought forward his promised views of the
measures regarding Ireland'generally, giving.utterance to them
in the hope ofadjusting the questions respecting the poor, tithes,
and the church, and the muniCipal Corporation (Ireland), and
thus securing tranquillity to the country. He thought, first,
that there must be some legal provision for the destitute poor of
Ireland. On the second ' point he was prepared to proceed to
the adjustment of the tithe question, by making tithes a "rent
charge," but leaving the church as it now is, ex:.i,pt to equalise
livings, to limit pluralities, and to correct abuses. The princi-
ple of, "appropriation" to make no pert of the arrangement, as
he considered that the sense of the country was with him, and
decidedly against that principle. On the third measure, though
he still retained his opinion on the subject of the corporations,
he admitted that there•was no hope of satisfactorily adjusting it,
without proceeding on the basis of the English arid Scotch cor-
porations, an elective constituency, and ,a £lO qualification.
The right hon. baronet abstained from details, limiting himself
to general and temperate observations, but declaring that, if the
propositions now made were not acquiesced in during the present,
sessen, he should feel warranted in acting as if he had not made
them.

Lord J. RUSSELL expressed the satisfaction with which he
had heard the conciliatory propositions and observations ' • he
considered that they could not tail to be useful and tranquillis-
ing to Ireland, and beneficial to the country generally. He was
anxious to make every concession for the sake of peace, and
the adjustment of these important Irish questions, that would
not compromise the utility and efficiency of the measures. He
afterwards remarked that he did not propose the "appropriation"
clause only because he thought he could not carry it.
Mr:o' CoNNEt.i, feared that the proposed arrangement had
more reference to the strength and views of parties than any
reference to the feelings and wishes of the people of Ireland.
Mr. WARD said that, notwithstanding the diplomatically
managed proceeding between the opposition and the govern-
ment, he did not abandon the "'appropriation" clause, and he
should afford those who thought with him the opportunity of re-
cording their opinion by moving an instruction to the com-
mittee on the Tithes (Ireland) Bill to insert an appropriation
clause, and would take the sense of the house on it.
After remarks from Mr. Strew, Lord CLEMENTS, &c., the
bill was committed pro forma; no part of it was proceeded with,
but deferred till Friday.

The other orders of the day were then disposed of.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDAY.
The-SPEAKER entered the house at the usual hour, but there
being only 27 members present at four o'clock, the right hon.
gentleman adjourned the house.
