THE POSTOFFITE,

The MAYOR then called on Mr. Ramsden to bring forward his
motion on the Postoffice, of which he had given notice.
Mr. RAMSDEN then rose, pursuant to his notice, to bring for-
ward his motion on this subject. He commenced by reading an
extract from the report of the commissioners appointed to in-
quire into the Postoffice, to the effect that facilities of delivery,
cheapness, safety, and quickness, were the ends required in a
postoffice. In asking the council to agree to his motion, he did
not intend that they should pledge themselves to any particular
opinions on the question, which he intended to leave an open
one for the consideration of the committee whom he should have
the honour to propose. He did not think that the Postoffice of
Liverpool should be the only establishment unrefonned in this
town. They, had made great reforms in their law courts, to the
advantage of the public at large—the offices filled by the mayor,
the town-clerk, and other public officers of the town-council.
bad all been reformed, and, therefore, he did not see why they
should not enter into the question of Postoffice reform. also. It
was very true the Postoffice was not under their immediate
control, but that council could use its great influence, which
was very great, in the correction of evils of which he complained,
and find some remedy for them; and the evils in the Postoffice
system were great he hoped he should be able to convince the
council before he sat down. Much had been said respecting the
private boxes, but he should enter into that as little as possible.
If he had the honour of serving on the committee of which he
should move the appointment, he would go into the committee
unprejudiced, and inquire whether they were requisite or not
with an unbiased mind; but if they were found to be necessary,
he did think that the Pustoffice ought to give the accommodation
without expense, for he did not see why the town of Liverpool
should be taxed £2OOO per annum for mere private emolument.
If they were necessary, and the committee to he appointed
thought they were, he did think that the public should be re-
lieved from the tax of £2OOO a-year ; bat as he had before re-
marked, he would say hut little on that part of the subject, for.
he knew it was touching part of the question. One of his
principal oijects in bringing that question before the council
was, to do away with the necessity of sending young men to the
Postoffice,. which occasioned great destruction of principle.
They all knew the danger to young men when first brought into
their counting-houses, in being. put to keep "petty cash," and
" Postoffice cash," and in being compelled to idle away their
time an hour or two every day in waiting for the opening of the
Postoffice. They there gained acquaintances which they ought
never to make, and made arrangonents for passing their even-
ings which ought to be passed in the domestic circle. All com-
mercial men knew that they frequently had young men whose
principles were good when they left their parents, and who,
being intrusted with the Postoffice cash, made bad acquain-
tances and were led astray. But that was not the only evil of
the present system. At the Postoffice crowds were assembled
every day which were a disgrace to the town; it was in fact so
large, and increasing as the town increased, and would continue
to increase, that if a reform were not effected the evil would
become so intolerable as to force public attention to it. (Loud
cries of " Hear, hear.'.') The crowd was daily so great as to
require the police to keep it in order, and he would ask any one
there if they went fur their letters whether they could approach
the office to receive them within less than a quarter of an hour
or twenty minutes, and running great risk of having their dress
so discomposed as not to be fit to appear in the public street.
the had gone for his letters and been obliged to watt a consider-
able time, and he thought such a state of things ought not to
exist. Ile would suggest a simple plan to remedy•this evil,
which, at the present time, was undigested in his own. mind.
His plan was to increase the number of, wards, and make a re-
ceiving house in every wind. that is, sixteen receiving houses.
He would have one or more letter carriers attached to each, and
three mail carts to go with the bags at stated times front the
central Postoffice, one to the north, another to the south, and

One to the centre of the town, for the purpose of taking and re-
ceiving the bags containing all letters deposited in the Postoffice
or receiving houses during their absence. It might be said that
he was creating sixteen Postoffices in the towu—

Mr. Councillor I3A tict.Av here rose, and suggested to Mr.
Ramsdell the propriety of reserving these details for the com-
mittee. Mr. Rainsflen had declared that he did not mean to
press the council to- anything hut the appointment at a com-
mittee, before whom these remarks would be much better made,
and he submitted to Mr. Ramsden the propriety of reserving
them for that committee. He merely suggested this to Mr.
Ramsden for his consideration, to go on or not as he thought
proper.
Mr. Councillor RAMSDEN had no objection to do so, if it
were the opinion of the council that he ought to reserve them
for the committee; but, for himself, he thought the subject of
so much importance to the public at large, who really did not
understand the question, that he begged to differ with Mr.
Barclay. He thought he ought in some degree to develope the
plan of Mr. Rowland Hill for postoffice reform. (Cries of "Go
on, go cn.")

The MAYOR observed that Mr. Ramsden was already in pos-
session of the chair, and must use bis own discretion.

•M r. Councillor R3msden continued. They had a population
in each ward of from 10,000 to 15.000 individuals, who ought to
have this convenience, though it might be called a number of
postoffices. He thought it possible that four wards in the neigh-
bourhood of the Postoffice might not require to be visited by the
carts. but tbete were twelve that ought to be consulted; and
they had no right to think of the increased expense, because
that ought to be borne by the Postoffice, which received quite
sufficient from the public to enable them to afford the required
additional accommodation. He would not say more on the local
Postrace'reforin, but proceed at once to notice M.T.11. H ill's plan,
4.n which he could not consent to be brief, because he believed
it was not fully known by the public at large and by that council;
few, indeed, that he had spoken with on the subject were really
acquainted with it. He had been anxious that it should be
brought before the council by some gentleman of more influence
than himself, and therefore he had sent it to the Reform Com-
mittee, desiring that it might be entrusted to some influential
member; but it had not so been taker. up, and he therefore felt
it his-duty to bring it forward, and he now introduced it because
he believed it was not really understood by the public and by that
council. Petitions had already been presented to the House of
Lords on the subject by the London merchants and Bankers,
in which they stated—
" That it is of high importance tathe success of the commerce,
manufactures, and agriculture of this country, and to the pro-
motion of civilization in every form, that communication by post
should be swift, certain and cheap.
" That although such communication is now generally certain,
vet owing to the frequency of transmission, and to the slowness
ofdelivery, it is not so swift as it readily might be, and it is not
cheap.

"That these great evils of slowness and darkness are not pro-
ductive of any advantage to the revenue sufficient to counter-
balance their injurious effects.

"That as regards the latter evil in particular, your petitioners
are decidedly of opinion that the dearness of postage, instead of
being beneficial to the revenue, is positively injurious to it,
owing to the great amount of illicit carriage of letters under the
present system, and to the great extent to which communication
is altogether prevented.
"That so powerful have been the causes acting against the
Postoffice revenue, the chief of which being the high rate of
postage, that during the last twenty years, whilst population has
increased one-third, and education and commerce in a greater
ratio, the receipts from the Postoffice have not increased at all."
Signatures—the lord mayor, bankers, merchants, &c.
That petition was presented by Lord Ashburton, better known
as Mr. Baring, by whom it was warmly supported. The peti-
tion, he (Lord Ashburton) remarked, was on the subject of the
Post-office, a most important subject, yet one much neglected ;
the present rates of postage disturbed social life, and strewed
impediments in the way of science • he considered a tax on the
transmission of letters, where carried to the extent it was in this
country, to be mffst ill judged and pernicious. The system re-
quired thorough reconsideration, and an entire reform. He re-
commended a pamphlet to particular perusal, written by Mr.
Rowland Hill; thatpamphlet confirmed his impression that the
grievances complained of might be remedied without asacrifice
of the revenue. The remedies suggested by that gentleman
were-Ist, A great reduction of.charges; 2d, The payment of
charges in advance ; 3d, The equalization of the rate of
charging. The expense of a Post-office establishment was the
same whether the letters were conveyed twenty miles or two
hundred miles, the only difference caused by distance being the
simple expense of conveyance; and Mr. Hill, in his tianaphlet,
had shown that the expense of carrying a letter to Edinburgh
amounted only to a &nail fraction of a farthing. It was, there-
fore, an injustice to' persons in distant towns to impose on them
the present charges. Mr. Hill proposed that no payment should
be made at the Post-office, but that covers or stamped envelopes
should be purchased to carry the letters free. Mr. Hirt calcu-
lated that a penny for a letter not weighing more than one
ounce would prove sufficient. The government ought to give
the matter their consideration, if it were only from the fact that
the revenue was iujuriously affected by the present system.
Lord Ashburton further observed, that whilst the consumption
of soap had increased one-third in the same time, tea one-half,
silk goods doubled, coffee more than tripled, cotton goods four-
fold in twenty years. yet the Post-office, in 1815, was £1,557,291,
and in 1835 £1,540,300, being a small decrease of net t revenue,
instead of a large increase during the same period. Another in-
stance Mr. Hill brings forward, which is very striking, the stage
coach duty was in 1815 £1,557,221, and in 1835 was £4.550,000,
being an increase in 20 years of £2,000,000, whilst no increase
whatever, but the contrary has taken place in the Post-office
revenue. If it be granted, then, that the demand for the con-
veyance of letters has increased during the last twenty years in
the same ratio as that for the conveyance of persons and parcels,
which can scarcely be doubted, it follows inevitably, that.
front some cause or other, there is in effect a loss in the
Post-office revenue of two millions. In France, where the rates
of postage are not so exorbitant as in this country, the gross
receipts are said to have increased from nearly £960,000 in
1821, to £1,480,000 in 1835, or 54 per cent. in fourteen years.
The loss of the revenue is, however, far from being the most
serious of the injuries inflicted on society by the high rates of
postage. When it is considered how much the religious, moral,
and intellectual progress of the people would be accelerated by
the unobstructed circulation ut letters, and of the many cheap
and excellent publications or the present day, the post-otlice
assumes the new and important character of a powerful engine
of civilization, capable of performing a distiugnished part in the
great work of national education, but rendered feeble and ineffi-
cient by erroneous financial arrangements. In addition to the
increased correspondence, which, from the causes already stat-
ed, would arise, it must be carefully borne in mind, that this
species of communication would be made accessible to new
classes, and those very numerous ones—domestic servants for
instance, who constitute one of the most numerous classes of
labourers, are, in general, so tar removed from their friends, as
to have little opportunity of personal communication, and when
to this we add, the separation occasioned by marriage, appren-
ticeship, the necessity of seeking employment, going to school,
&c., we shall probably come to the conclusion, that there arc
few families to be found throughout the country, and more espe-
cially in the manufacturing districts, without some member,
or at least some relative, being so circumstanced as to create
a desire for communication by letter. Mr. Hill alludes parti-
cularly to our respected townsman Mr. Thornely, the member
for Wolverharimton, who stated to him, that at the Wolver-
hampton post-office, he was surprised to learn what a large
number of letters were detained for poor people, until they can
raise the postage. The letter-carriers offer them in the first in-
stance, and then they remain in the post-office perhaps two or
three weeks, until the postage can be raised. There were, too,
in this town, a class who had no means, from their poverty, of
communicating with their friends—a class forming a popula-
tiou of from 507000 to 60,000 natives of Ireland, who, to 'com-
municate with their friends, must incur an expense of fifteen
pence, when, probably, their wages were not more than 4s. or
ss. a week; for the sake, therefore, of those 50,000 or 60,000
emigrants alone, he would advocate reforms which he, then
stood up to urge upon their attention. tie could also go on and
call their attention to what had been stated by llr. Porter, of
the statistical department of the Board of Trade, who said,—
that, in the present and future condition of society in this coun-
try, post communication may be placed amongst the wants
of the poor, but it is a want which now must, for the most part,
be left ungratified. He says," The opportunities which I have of
procuring ('ranks, enable me to contribute towards keeping alive
feelings of kindness and affection on the part of separated rela-
tives, which might otherwise becorrin blunted or obliterated by
disuse. May we not presume that many young persons of both
sexes, who are continually drawn to this metropolis from distant
parts of the kingdom, and are thenceforth cut off from commu-
nication with their early guardians might, under different cir-
cumstances, be kept from entering upon vicious courses, to
which the temptations are so great, and against which the re-
straints in their case are so few. He says further, facts have
come to my knowledge tending to show, that but for the high
rate of pilotage, many a letter would be written, and many a
heart gladdened too, where the revenue and feelings of friends
now suffer alike. In one instance with which I became ac-
quainted, a brother and sister had suspended intercourse for
nearly thirty years—that they were deterred solely by considera-
tions of expense is proved by the fact, that on franks 'tieing given
to them by an M.P., a frequent interchange of letters was the
immediate consequence." The distribution of the Penny Ma
gazine is an incontrovertible proof of how much postage may be
reduced. The Magazine is sent to every part of the kingdom,
and in considerable towns is distributed at the houses of the
subscribers; but the penny charged for the Magazine includes
not only the cost of distribution, but the cost.of eight large pages
of letter-press and wood-cuts, and yet it is well known that the
undertaking is a profitable one. In the neighbour hood of Bir-
mingham, to a distance of twelve or thirteen miles, the carriers
are in the constant habit of conveying letters which they deliver
at one penny each. It is very improbable that the carriers have
any well-organized system of distribution, or course, therefore„
they must be paid something for the risk of breaking the law.
Yet from the open manner in which they proceed, the risk may
just lie as great. It is the opinion of a highly respectable mer-
chant andm inufacturer of Birmingham, that the number of
letters distributed by these means very greatly exceeds, in his
opinion, the number sent by the post. Mr. Hill goes on to say,
that with respect to contraband conveyance it is beyond all
doubt that it is carried on to a great extent. It is well known
that in many parts of the country vast numbers are every
day forwarded by carriers and -coach-proprietors. Not long
ago a seizure took place in a carrier's warehouse of a bag con-
taining twelve nundred—ahnost all parcels, especially sueli as
are sent at stated tittles, contain letters, and not uufrequently
large packets are sent by coach, consisting of letters alone.
Mr. Hill then says, " That fortunately this is not a party ques-
tion; men of eminence in each political party having expressed
themselves favourable to great changes—shch as the Duke of
Richmond, Earl Spencer, and Lord Ashburton, in the House
of Lords; and Lord Lowther, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wallace, Mr.
Warburton, and many others of the House of Commons, have
declared themselves in favour of extensive reforms. The object
in this proposed reform is not to increase the political power of
this 'or that party, but to benefit all sects in politics and religion,
and all classes from the highest to the lowest. To the rich, as to
the least wealthy, it will be acceptable, from the increased
facilities it will afford for their correspondence. To the tniddle
classes it will bring relief from oppressive and irritating de-
mands, which-they pay grudgingly, and which they will censider
intolerable when they are told that nearly the whole charge is a
tax ; and, as has been before expressed, to the poor it will afford
the means of communication with their distant friends and rela-
tives, from which they are at present debarred. It will give
increased energy to trade;' it will remove innumerable tempta-
tions to fraud ; and it will be an important step to general edu-
cation, the more important, perhaps, because it callson govern-
ment,' still less of compulsion, but merely for the removal of an
obstacle created by the law to that spontaneous education which
happily is extending through the country, and which even the op-
ponents of a national system will agree ought to be unobstructed
in its progress." He trusted he had said enough to convince the
council of the necessity of inquiring into the Post-office system,
not only local but general, and he did trust, as he should con-
clude with a motiou in general terms, pledging no gentleman
In any particular line of conduct, that the committee for which
he asked would be appointed The plan of Mr. Hill was this :
"That the mere carriage of a letter to the most distant place costs
only the fractionof a farthing, and the management and expenses
of the Footrace added, makes the postage of a letter to cost not
more than Id. to 12. That the expenses of Post-office manage-
ment may be materially reduced by the Stamp-office issuing
stamped envelopes, at Id for each letter,. as letters not having

Ft BRUARY 9, 1538.

the postage to collect may be delivered with so much facility,
thattin Lombard-street 570 have been delivered in half an hour,
whilst it took an hour and a half to deliver 67 letters, when the
postage was collected at the time of delivery—or two minutes
far each letter. This saving of time would allow the present
Post-office establishment to do a much larger business, therefore
an increase of business would not bring any increase of expense,
and therefore all increase of business would be clear profit to
the revenue. His calculation was that the increase of businesii
would be fourfold, thereby making the same revenue to the
government as it' received at present. The revenue, in the yeas
1815, was £1,557,291, and in the year 1835, not more than
£1,540,:300, being a small amount less than twenty years ago.
With these general remarks he should conclude, as- he was
merely moving for a committee of inquiry. A great number of
public bodies had taken up the question, amongst whom were
the common council of Loudon, the chambers of commerce of
Edinburgh, Dundee, and Hull, and by the common council of
Aberdeen, and many other important bodies; and he hoped
therefore that the committee would be appoited. To secure
unanimity he had in some measure changes his motion, and be
now simply moved, that a committee should be appointed to
inquire into the postotfice system, local as well as general. It
pledged no gentleman to any opinion, and if he had the honour
to be appointed, he would go into the inquiry without any pre-
judice whatever.

Mr. JOHN SMITH rose to order. He thought it was not its
order for a gentleman to give notice of one motion and bring
forward another.
The Ms-roa said if the motion were to the effect of the notice
it was quite in order.
Mr. EARLE said the difficulty could easily be got rid of by
movint, the present motion as an amendment on that for which
notice had been given.
The Nlayou said that they were not bound by the mere
words of the motion, and that, he believed, was the usual course
in another place. (We understood him to allude to the House
of Commons.)
Mr. Councillor BRIGHT thought it was necessary to give no-
tice of a motion for quarterly meetings; Mr. Ramsden need
not, therefore, confine hiinselfto the notice.
The TOWN-CLERK said, as to the question of notice, if it were
given in terms so particular as to put them on their guard it
was quite sufficient.
The MAYOR said the question, as now proposed, was for the
appointment of a committee to inquire into the post-office sys-
tem, local as well as general.
Mr. BARCLAY seconded the motion in a brief speech.
Mr. EARLE thought it was as well that the question was re-
ferred to a committee, but regarding the heavy rate of postage
in this country,. he did not see why they should not immediately
memorialise the government. The question was now under the
consideration of government, and if they waited till the next
monthly meeting it might be determined. It was right that so
extensive a commercial town should express its opinion to go.-°
vernment, with whom it would doubtless have some weight.
He should be very happy to move that the committee be autho-
rized to prepare a memorial on the subject, the Mayor to affix
the seal.

Mr. JOHN SMITH then rose to oppose the motion in iota He
would occupy hut little of their valuable time, for the merits of
the case, if merits there were, were in a narrow compass. As
regarded the boxes of the post-office, -be apprehended as they
were private arrangements between the postmaster and the'
merchants, for the convenience of the latter, they (the council)
had no right to interfere. If the merchants themselves did not
find accommodation from that plan, it would long since have
been abandoned; they had no complaints from the merchants,
and, therefore, inteiference on their part was uncalled for. With•
regard to Mr. Ramsden's wish not to have the boxes done away
with, but have the charge removed from the parties at present
paying, he must say, such an idea was preposterous, for if his
wishes were complied with, every individual in the habit of re-'
ceiving letters would require a box, and then the Custom-house'
itself would not be sufficient to find accommodation. (Hear!)
As to the extra number of receiving-houses, he doubted not.
when the post-office was removed to the new custom-house, the'
proper authorities would attend to it; and as the subject of post!,
office reform was under the consideration of her majesty's go-'
verament, he thought a memorial would be altogether prema-
ture and uncalled for. Holding these opinions, be should meet
the motion with a direct negative, and he begged to move, that.
it be taken into consideration that day six months.
Mr. Councillor Woon seconded the amendment.

Mr. Alderman BROWN did not subscribe to the doctrine hinted
at that day, and mentioned distinctly at the last meeting of the-
council, that they should entertain questions only of a local na-
ture ; for when matters of great interest were, brought before-
the government of the country, he thought it the duty of that,
the second commercial town in the world, to express to govern-
ment the views they entertained ou what affected the interests
of the public at large. He had viewed that question with deep
interest, and he did consider the pamphlet of Mr.• Hill one or
the most valuable that had come under his observation. He
had also consulted his friends, and from all he could learn, the
advantages of the proposed reform were thought so great that
nothing ought to be left undone that that council could do to
stimulate the government to carry into effect; even if a > pecial
' council had been called to memorialise the government on the
subject, he thought they would not have been stepping out of.
their way. He hoped they would grant the committee, and
thereby assist in convincing government of the great importance
of the question.
Mr. CueRIE thought the council could hardly be prepared to-
pass the motion, for if they at this day should sit down and form
themselves into a committee to inquire into the Post-office sys-
tem, the general Post-office being situated 200 miles offLfor the.
motion asked for an inquiry general as well as local—they
would be entering on a task totally out of their power. If they
were to attempt to carry that motion into effect they would be-
come ridiculous to their country. If Mr. Itamsden thought it
advisable to try the system of 'Mr. Rowland Hill, he, for one,
would gladly agree to memorialize in its favonr, but it was im--
possible they could enter into a general inquiry. As to the local
inquiries at present he should not go at length into that ques-
tion, but with respect to the tax of £2OOO which it had been said.
they were called upon to pay—though he thought the sum over-
stated—he agreed with Mr. John Smith that it was a voluntary
tax, and the convenience which it purchased was so great that
if the town were canvassed on the subject he thought the ma-
jority would be in favour of its continuance. He thought it im-
possible to deliver letters so quickly and conveniently as now,
when the merchants could at once ascertain whether they had
letters or not by looking at their box. Ile hoped Mr. Ramsden
would revise his motion as to the aneral inquiry; and as to the-
local inquiry, changes were abouffo be itiacie at the Postoffice,
by its removal to, the Custom-house buildings, and government
was exhibiting a disposition to give Mr. Rowland Hill's plan a
gradual trial. But a revenue of £1,600,000 a-year was not
lightly to be trifled with.
Mr. Councillor BOLTON, said, from the terms of the motion.
it was his intention to oppose it; but if Mr. Rarnsden would.
cousent to make it an inquiry of a local nature, whether better
means could not be adopted to facilitate the delivery, and ti-
petition parliament for a diminution of the expense of postage,
he would concur in the object, though at the same time he
thought some observations had been made that were not war-
ranted. He maintained that the boxes were a great public con-
venience, and that the merchants got their letters half an hour,
or perhaps an hour, sooner than they would by a general deli-
very. American packets were frequently arriving in a port like
this, and at the present moment American news was of great
interest; now, merchants might have that American news at
their offices within twenty minutes after the Post-office had,
opened, but if they were to be delivered they could not have
them for an hour. He had spoken with some brokers on this
subject, who received large remittances by letter, and one had
.remarked to him that if the letters were to be delivered by
carriers he would send a person to Manchester to receive his
letters there, and come with them by the railway train. The
mode of having boxes was useful; but if Mr. Rauneden would
limit his inquiry to what local arrangements could be made, and
what reduction could be elected in the rate of postage, he would-
agree with him.

-Mr, Alderman EV.NS opposed the appointment of any com-
mittee as unnecessary. He agreed that it was quite quite well
to give government a hint to look into the mode of improving
the general establishment, either by Mr. Rowland Hill's plan
or an improvement on that plan ; but he could not conceive the
necessity for a committee, and he would recommend the dis-
posal of the question there at once. With regard to the corns-
mittee for a local inquiry, he considered Mr. Ramsden's object
was to have the merchant's letters handed to carriers, and deli-
vered at their offices. (" No, no," and " Yes, yes.")
Mr. Councillor RAMSDEN said he simply asked for a com-
mittee of inquiry, without pledging himself or the council to
any plan is particular.
Mr. Alderman EVA.NS.—WeII, if they were to go to govern-
ment and ask them to intrust the merchants letters to carriers,
they would place themselves before government in a very inde-
corous situation, because, the merchants getting their own letters
was a leading argument with them to get the Post-office removed
to the new Custom-house buildings. But the idea of meddling
with the local arrangements, when it was likely, with the change,
that there would be an enlargement of the number of clerks, and
great alterations in the new edifice—was, to say the least, prema-
ture. With regard to the doing away with the alphabet (boxes,) by
which the merchants hact great convenience, and which the rest
of the public had not, because they needed it not, be believed it
was a convenience which the merchants had on the cheapest
possible terms. The idea of giving merchants' letters into the
hands of carriers, and entrusting to them the important cor-
respondence on which sometimes the very existence of houses
depended, was preposterous; whereas, if they allowed them to•
lie in the boxes as at present, they were either delivered to the
principal, who was well known, or to a young man who was his
recognised servant. But if they delivered letters to a hundred
counting-houses, by one carrier, he must begin with one, and
what then would be the position of the hundredth, while he was
delivering the letters to the other ninety-nine, and receiving his
postage 9 There were cases where a man who received, his
letter, in the first instance, might avail himself of the oppor-
tunity to make his fortune at the cost of the man who received
his letter in the last instance, by getting his information earlien.
But they must recollect, that if a number of mercantile houses
were always open, there was also a number of minor offices,
with limited establishments, which were locked up at particular
going gsAte
out
atndridn
goods
se might
received, and
arneactiiithreeyd
might
thightenqout ahyavue.itchlegrokosd—s
perhaps they could not afford a sufficient number to have one
always there'when the postman called, and what then was he to
do with the letters ? Or perhaps the office might be open, and
there might be nobody in but a little dirty boy that they would
not trust with their letters., or money to pay the postage. In
that case he would go on, and when the principal or his clerk
returned, he would be at a loss to know where the carrier was
to be found, and instead of the letter-carrier facilitating the
receipt of communications, he would be found to be an obstruc-
tion. Now, they were all able to go to the Postoffice and
receive their letters, not from the hands of a letter-carrier, who
would deliver them to number one to the delay of ninety-nine.
As he could not conceive any alteration as yet contemplated by
Mr. Ramsden that would not be a positive injury, he conceived
the appointment of a committee would be altogether a loss of
time, and therefore he should oppose it. With regard to the
other question, giving government an admonition, or letting
them know that we took a very great interest in the improve-
ment of the Postoffice establishment, he would concur in it ;
but he conceived it was not necessary to refer it to a committee
at all, except to draw up the address.
Mr. Councillor BRIGHT said that in all the observations made
he had only heard one interest mentioned, forgetting that there
was a great mass of. inhabitants and tradesmen besides. He
was willing that the merchants should have every facility af-
forded them ; they were, of course, the first interest in the town,
and they (the council) had done all they could for the accom-
modation of that body. by procuring the removal of the Post-
office to the new buildings in Canning-place. But still the
question interested a large mass whose interests ought not to
be lost sight of. He did not mean to go into the question at
length, nor into that respecting the rate of postage ; he should
confine himself to the, local interests of the inhabitants at large.
Mr. ltamsden contemplated that there should be a large num-
ber of receiving-houses and letter-carriers, and be (Mr. Bright)
felt obliged to him for bringing the question before the council,
but which he was of opinion would be much better discussed in
committee than in that room.

- Mr. Councillor 1)14 tEsTr7ET wished to ask if the letters in
London were not delivered with as much Punctuality and as
early or earlier than bete. Thirty years ago it was the plan to
have boxes in London, and the present system of delivery there
had been adopted in order to relieve the pressure from"the win-
dow, which was so great that the young men had no chance of
reaching it for a length of time, and it was found necessary to
send their porters rather than their young men, to make their

a

way through the crowds that collected, and now the pressure at
the post-office, in Liverpool was become nearly as ba,l; but the
establishment of a. system of delivery, as in London, woUR
. . cause the letters to be delivered with as much despatch as at
present, without the inconvenience now complained of.
Mr. COGLAN agreed with a previous speaker that it was ne-
cessary to proceed with this business, as it was now under the
I consideration of her majesty's government, and if deferred, any
suggestion they might have to offer might be too late. Before
they separated, therefore, he desired they should agree to give
• an expression of the sentiments Of the common council of Li-
, ' Verpool to government thereon ; and anything emanating from
that, the second town in the empire, would receive due respect:
He concluded with moving as an amendment that " we respect-
fully recommend the early attention of her majesty's govern-
ment to make such changes in the post-office establishment as
will tend to reduce the expense of postage, and to promote ra-
pidity of delivery.
Mr. Councillor BLACKBURN agreed with Mr. Coglan, but he
thought a committee ought to he appointed also.
Mr. Councillor RamsDEN briefly replied, and the council
then 'divided on Mr. Smith's amendment, that the motion be
. read that day six months.
For the amendment
Against it

Majority 5
Mr. Councillur EARLE still was desirous that a memorial
should be sent to government, strongly impressing upon them
the necessity of a reduction in the rate of postage; and that
Mr. Rowland Hill's, or some other similar plan should be
adopted, and he should have no objection to a committee re-
specting the local system.
The MA roe. —Then do you move an amendment on the ori-
nal motion ?
A desultory conversation as to order followed, Mr. Morecroft
wishing to separate the two questions of local and general
• Post-office system. 'The Mayor inquired if he had intended to
• conclude with an amendment, to which he replied that he was,
and Mr. Currie said that he had got one too. (Laughter.)
Mr. Councillor MORECROPT then moved—" That the cotn•
mittee now prepare a memorial to her Majesty, to carry into,
effect the plan of Mr. Rowland Hill for Post-office reform, and
to sanction such plans as may be necessary for carrying that
purpose into effect."
. he Mayon.—That throws the motion of Mr. Rainsden
overboard. (Cries of "hear Mr. Currie.")
Mr. Councillor CURRIE briefly proposed another amendment
to the effect that a committee be appointed 0) consider whether,
in the arrangements fur the, projected removal of the Post-
office, some better arrangement could not be made for the re-
duction of the postage, and -for the gradual trial of Mr. Rowland
Hill's plan of Post-office reform. •
Mr. Councillor BOLTON seconded the amendment.
Mr. Councillor EARLE suggested the omission of the word
• " gradual." •It had been stated by Lurd Brougham, that the
trial of the government was no trial at all.
The MAYOR.—Does Mr. Morecroft abandon his amendment
or 'persevere ? •
Mr. Councillor MortEcaoFT.-1 leave it to Mr. Currie.
The MAYOR.—Then. does Mr. Currie take Mr. Earle's
suggestion; and leave out the word " gradual."
Mr. Alderman EVANS.—Let tne recommend Mr. Currie not
to limit his resolution to the trial of Mr. Rowland Hill's plea.
but to extend it to any other that promises to be efficient.
Mr. BLACKBURN opposed Mr. Currie's amendment, because
it combined two parts concerning which gentlemen might differ.
To the part pledging the council to a local inquiry he objected,
though he would agree to memorialize.
Mr. Alderman EVANS said the matter which Mr. Earle had
suggested pressed, the other did not press.
Mr. Councillor CURRIE had no objection to separate the two
questions. and go to the most important, to memorialize for a
general reduction of postage, and the adoption of Mr. Rowland
Hill's plan of reform, or some other plan. lie concluded with
proposing "that a committee he appointed to prepare a memo-
rial to parliament in favour of some reduction of the general
postage, and in favour of • Mr. Rowland Hill's, or some other
measure of Postoffice reform which might be better.
. Mr. Councillor EA RLE would be happy to second it.
Mr.' Councillor RasisoeN wished to ask whether they were
to have a committee on. the local post at all.
After some further conversation it ^was determined, on the
suggestion of Mr. Birch,, to put Mr. Currie's amendment, and
leave Mr. Rainsden to follow it up with his motion. The amend-
ment was then put, and carried unanimously.
Mr. Councillor RAMSDEN then begged to move "that a com-
mittee be appointed to inquire whether any arrangement can be
made to give additional facility to the distribution of letters.
Mr. Alderman EVANS moved as an amendment that this he
deferred-till after the removal of the Post-office, to give the
Postoffice an opportunity of developing its arrangements.
Mr. Councillor BOLTON thought it not fair and irregular to
come to an arrangement with Mr. Ramsdell that they would
adopt his motion after the- other amendment was carried, and
then attempt to set it aside by another amendment.
The MAYOR said it might be inconvenient, but it was not
irregular.
Mr. Councillor HEYWORTH said they seemed lost amongst
motions and amendments. (Laughter.)
After some further desultory conversation, amidst loud cries
of " vote," Mr. Joseph Hornhy seconded Mr. Eva us' amend-
ment, when there appeared on the division—for the amendment
19, against it '23; for the motion 2.3, against it 18. Mr. Rams-
den's motion for a committee was therefore carried.
A committee was then appointed, consisting of Messrs. Bar-
clay, Brown, Earle, Thos. Smith, Itarustlen, Evans, and Sheil.
RATING or SMALL TENEMENT, BILL.

Mr. Councillor CoopEit rose to bring forward his motion on
this subject, at !he request of 0 numerous and highly respecta-
ble class of.the community of Liverpool—the Cottage-owners.
He begged to draw attention to the points of the motion which
he had given. The object of it• was to petition parliament
against the bill introduced by Sir Henry Verney, to assess
the owners of cottages rented at twenty pounds and under,
instead of the occupiers. The grounds on which the bill was
founded were two—the great difficulty in collecting the rates,
and the great loss in them. if he could show the council that
.there bad been difficulty in collecting the rates of large tene-
ments,, and that the rates were avoided, he hoped he should have
,the council with him to petition against so cruel a bill. Thei e were
upwards of 9000 houses above £2O a year rent, and upwards of
1000 bad not paid their rates. And the loss on large property.
exceeding £2O a year rent in 1836, was £6209 155.• The num-
ber of houses of 1:10 rent and under £2O, was 13,123, whilst the
loss of collectable rates was £5633 19s. It was true that not,
-'one tenth of the tatter houses-pail:lW rafe, but it ties also true-
that they were :occupied by persons of the lbwest description,
from whom the parish . did' not think fit to call for any rates.
He contended it would' be most unfair to have one law for the
rich landlord, and another for the poor. They had been toll
.in 1832, by certain wise parish legislators, that they should have
the rates reduced to Is. 3d., or Is. 6d, in the pound, by collect-
ing all those rates. The plan had been tried by the local bill in
1831. In 1830, the amount of paupers in the workhouse was
1442,-and their cost £10,927 9s. 3,1., and by this measure, in
1832, the number was augmented to 1980, and the cost to
£14,692 4s. 2d., being an excess over the former year of
1:3161 Ils. 7d. In 1830, the our-door poor cost £13,505 14s. 74. ;
in 1832, £17,533 19s' 2d., being an excess of £4028 4a. 7d.
over the former year, through the working of this bill. Thus,
instead of decreasing the rates 6d in the pound, they had in-
creased them 6d. in the pound. He contended, that the poorer
cottages were a kind of out-door workhouse, where persons
supported themselves without paying rates, it was very well;
tfud that the local bill had broken down the good feeling which
formerly existed between landlord and tenant. The new
building act had put a stop to building cottages, and would
drive the poor into cellars. He concluded with moving that the 11
Petition which he presented, be adopted by the council.
M. LAWRENCE seconded the motion.
The TOWN-CLERK read the petition.
Mr. Councillor EARLE thought it too much to call upon the
council to adopt it unless they had the means at once to ascer-
tain that all the statements it contained were true.
Mr. WALMSLEY, without entering into the provisions of Sir
Harry Verney's bill, whether they were just or not, contended
that the council ought not to interfere in the matter. There
was much difference of opinion out of doors, and if they ad-
mitted that as a precedent, what could they expect but that some
gentleman or other would be often coining there with some
' principle or other—some partisan would come there and ask the
council lq take up similar measures, by which great Injury
would be done to the council in the opinion of the constituency
out of doors. (Hear.) However, if the council determined to
go into the question, he reserved his right. to reply to the state-
ments of Mr. Cooper, which he thought incorrect, and to
others from which false conclusions were drawn But when he
reflected on the acts of that gentleman (Mr. Cooper) since he
bad had a seat in that council. (Loud cries of " Order, order,
chair, chair.") He was only about to refer them to certain
acts which had taken place fur the purpose of embarrassing the
council.
The MAYOR interposed, and said he thought it was usual in
the council not to impute motives to another.
Mr. BOLTON rose to order, and called upon Mr. Walmsley to
keep to the question.
• Mr. WALMSLEY submitted to the call made upon him, and
proceeded to argue that Mr. Cooper's statements, on intro-
ducing his motion, were not founded on correct premises, and
protested against the• council taking up the question. lie,
however, expressed his concurrence with Mr. Cooper, that any
act of the legislature which was for the advantage of one party
and oppressive to another was incorrect in principle; add lie
Would go with Mr. Cooper or any other gentleman to petition
that the provisions of such. a bill should apply equally to all.
(Hear.)
Mr. Alderman EvANS also opposed Mr, Cooper's motion at
some length, contending that the blending of the tax with the
rent was a great blessing to the lower orders. They would then
provide for both in one as they knew one must be paid. He
contended that cottage property ought to pay equal taxes with
utber property, as it received equal protection.
Mr. Councillor COOPER said, in the late discussion respect-
ing negro apprenticeship he bad a precedent for the introduc-
tion of his motion.
Mr. Councillor BLACKBURN justified the-council for enter-
taining the question of negro slavery, because there was a pros-
pect of something approaching to unanimity, and because it
was a great principle of morals. But they should not make
themselves too cheap, and take opluestions on which there was
such a wide difference of opinion out of doors, and which were
not of the greatest importance, otherwise they would lose their
influence wills the legislature.
Various objections having been made to statements in the pe-
tition, Mr. Cooper withdrew it, with the consent of the coun-
cil, obtained by a majority of nineteen to sixteen ; and then
proposed a petition simply objecting to the principle of Sir
Harry Verney's bill, which it alleged to be unjust, and as
tasking invidious distinctions between the owners of property.
Mr. Councillor Slum' seconded the motion,
Mr. Councillor Hoarier moved that the council do then ad-
journ, but
The MAYOR said it would be inconvenient and irregular to
pass that resolution.
Mr. Councillor CURRIE then moved as an amendment, that
the council did not feel that the question was one with which
they ought to interfere.
Mr. Councillor WALMSLEY seconded the amendment.
111 r. Councillor COGLAN protested against such an amend-
merit on a question of so great importance to a large class of the
community.
Ultimately the amendment was withdrawn, and the council
divided on the original motion, when it was lost by a majority
of 9.

The numbers were—For the motion 14; against it 23.
A memorial from the flour dealers of this town was then read,
praying to be heard in committees against a by-law, prohibit-
ing the hoisting of flour by horse power, which was referred to
the finance committee; the Town•clerk remarking that it was
not. a by-law, but a clause in an act of parliament, of which
complaint was made.
The council then adjourned at ten minutes to four o'clock, to
that day Fortnight.

ANcrENT Ect.tPsE.—An account was lately Lead at the Royal
Astronomical Society of some computations agreeing with the
pine of au eclipse of the sun observed in China, Oct.-10, no less
Ilia!) 2128 years before Christ, or nearly 4000 years ago. The
lime of the greatest obscuration. has been computed by Mr.
irwhinanto lie, troth the solar tables of Leambre am! the lunar
f'lt+inent of Damodkeao, to have happened at 8 into. 4? sec. past
with-101- digits' eclipsed, according entirely with the in-
dications of the Chinese chronicles. For not predicting this
eclipse the :too astronomers Llo and Eli were put to death.

rhc ?libcrpool ;7:taitharlY.

FRIDAY MORNING. FEBRUARY 9, 1838

r'r The Publication of the STAN DA RD commenced this morn-
ing at 4 o'clock.

INFLUENCE OF POPERY ON NATIONAL CHARACTER.—
The Roman Catholic priesthood claim for their religion
a degree of purity, to Veit they say no other form of
faith can pretend. The "Holy Catholic Church" and
the " Holy Mother Church" are the terms by which they
ordinarily designate the Popish religion. If such in
reality be the character of 'Popery, we may reasonably
and naturally expect to find those nations among whom
it is predominant to excel all others in their morality.
If there he any truth in the assertion that the Church of
Rome is a " holy church," it will necessarily follow that
Italy, Spain, Portugal,' Belgium, and Ireland must be
the countries where the sanctifying influences of- Chris-
tianity are most conspicuously manifested.

But what is the fact ? Do we not find that the most
demoralised diStricts of Ireland are precisely those 'in
whi3h Popery is rampant ? Is it possible for any man to
compare the state of that unfortunate country with the
state of England, without recognising a striking
,diffin%
ence in the standard of morality in both places? Nay,
can any dispassionate mind view the comparative condi-
tion of the'PrOvince'olVister,-rind that of the rest of Ire-
land, without detecting the cause why the population of
the north are enlightened moral, happy, peaceable, and
industrious, whilst the people in the south of Ireland are
sunk in barbarous ignorance, vice, and misery? Will it
not he said at once that Protestantism prevails in The
north, and therefore the people are infinitely superior,
both in intelligence and morality, than they are in the
south, where Popery contributes to stint the intellectual
faculties, and to debase the moral character ?

Look again at the state of Spain and Portugal. Do
we not find the population of these countries to -be in a
state of semi-barbarity ? Are the people not Roman
Catholics ?. Yet do we not see that they are cruel, igno-
rant, and superstitious ? Is not Spain, at the present
moment, in a state of civil anarchy ? is not Portugal in
a similar condition ?

Look again at France. How many political convul-
sions.has a single generation witnessed in this ill-fated
country ? Where is crime in its worst and most revolting
aspects more prevalent than in France ? Where is
infi-
delity more widely spread ?
Then turn •to Belgium. Has not this country also
been the scene of constant revolutions, in which all the
worst passions which can degrade humanity have been
frightfully developed ?
But more particularly, we would say, look at Italy.
Here, surely, in the
_immediate vicinity of the very
source and original empire of Popery, we may fairly
estimate the practical influence which it exercises on the
character of a people. And what hatieen the nature of
that influence ? It has been of the ost malignant and
blighting character. .Even Rome itself, the very capital
of the Pontificate, is little else than a nest of infamy and
impurity. The population of Italy generally will bear
fly comparison in point of morality with that of any. Pro-
testant country in the,vorld.
In a word, Popery, wherever it has obtained the as-
cendancy, has established the reign of misery and ini-
quity. It has thrown a moral blight over the fertile
plains of Italy. It has doomed Spain and Portugal to
the horrors of civil commotion. It 'has Made the French
a nation of reckless debauchees. It has been a Perpetual
curse to Ireland. Wherever this soul destroying heresy
has been predominant it has paralysed industry, destroyed
every moral feeling, and introduced a train of national
evils which can never be completely removed until the
" accarse4(thing" itself is eradicated.
If such be the influence of Popery on national-character,
ought not every man who assiduously labours tb destroy
it to receive.our warmest gratitude? Is not every such
man a real friend—a true benefactor of the human race ?
Are we called upon to put an end 'to the horrors of
slavery ? Can we comply with this call by leaving the
worst species of slavery undisturbed ?
We have been led to make these remarks by the un-
principled attacks which have been made upon theelergy
of the establishment on account of their zealous opposi-
tion to Popery. Our readers will agree with us that the
efforts of the clergy to root out Popery from Ireland are'
deserving of the highest praise. They will also agree
with us when we assert that every man who seeks to de-
stroy the system of Negro slavery, but refuses to lend
his aid to crush the still more degrading slavery of PoL
pery, ought to be indelibly branded as a hypocrite.

T 3 TT - •
ROPOkp NEW LAOSPITAL.-It will gratify our read-
ers to learn that another important occasion for the ex-
ercise of sympathy with the calamities of-the labouring
classes of .the community offers itself to them. A nu-
merous and highly influential Meeting was held at the
Clarendun•rooms yesterday, Mr. Ambrose Lace in the
chair, fur the purpose of establishing a casualty hospital
at the south end of the town, in the neighbourhood of
the Docks, on a similar footing, and for like purposes
as the hospital in Leeds-street, which has proved, under
l'ri)idence, the means of saving the lives of very many
persons maimed by accidents, who could not have been
s4fely conveyed to the Central Infirmary. The unani-
mity expressed by the whole meeting on the necessity of
this proposed charity, and the alacrity with which dona-

ti ons were then subscribed, will, we hope, enable the
provisional committee then named to call a public meet-
ing, on an early day, to ruake the necessary arrange•
merits for carrying out the proposed object. We cor-
dially recommend this benevolent design to the support
of our readers, and trust that the most sanguine expec-
tations of the charitable individuals Who have already
interested themselves in this praiseworthy undertaking
will be fully realised.

PARISH AFFAIRS-.—Once more we warn our Conser-
vative friends against the secret machinations of Mr.
Walmsley and his
,radical "awkward squad," who are
making diligent preparations for taking the parish office
by storm. We have repeatedly intimated that this
meddling faction contemplate the expedient of trying to
substitute Sir John HobhOuse's act for that of Sturges
Bourne, under which our parish affairs have been so
long and so satisfactorily administered. Of course this
cannot be effected but through trickery and manoeuvring
on the part of the radicals, and through apathy and su-
pineness on the part of the conservatives. Of the con-
sequences which would result from the success of such a
stratagem we need say little. It would convert the
select vestry into a republic of petty tyrants, who would
unscrupulously prostitute their influence to the meanest
party purposes.

MEETING OF THE SUBSCRIBERS TO THE

NORTHERN HOSPITAL.

The.general'annual meeting of the friends and subscribers
to this institution was held on Tuesday at the Sessions-house,
in Chapel-street. The meeting was announced to' take place at
two o'clock, the Mayor in the chair. At the appointed hour
not more than a dozen persons were in attendance.
The Mayor took the chair of a quarter before three. He was
followed into the court by about fourteen or fifteen gentlemen.
Amongst those present were Aldermen Brown, and Freme,
Messrs. Adam Hodgson, Currie, Platt, Reverends Dr. Ralph,
Hugh M`Neile, Buddicom, and Martineau, and Dr. Squires.
The MAyort said he had been requested to preside over that-
meeting, and he was extremely sorry that his duties were not
likely to prove more arduous. When he considered the inipor- •
lance of the charity he was sorry to see so slight a detnonstra-
Aion of feeling on its behalf. He honed there would be another
Meeting before lOng, when the zeal in this most excellent cha-
rity would be a little more conspicuous
The Rev. Dr. A read the following report:
That adequate relief may be afforded to the sufferings of our•
fellow-creatures, our attention must be kept alive,,,to them.
They lose the benefit of our sympathy, just because they are not
immediately under our notice? Benevolence, by a wise provi-
sion, at once comes to our aid, on the mind fairly adverting to
them.
The passing stranger cannot fail to have.observed, that in the
northern extremity of our town, owing to the numerous and ex-
tensive docks, warehouses, and manufactories, there is a more
densely crowded and busy population than in aay other part.
The very bustle that prevails, however, leads the thoughts away,
from the dangers, particularly in the form of accidents, attend-
ant upon it. And thus, on the spot on which, of all others, the
offices of benevolence may be required, simply from inadver-
tency, may least exertion of a benevolent character be made.
Happily, however, the kind consideration of many was, a few
years ago, at length attracted to the peculiar claims of the
northern district of Liverpool to the same benefits our excellent
hospital hail long been dispensing,- The project of another
hospital met with the success that might be anticipated so soon_
as the want for it should be fully made known, through the ge-
nerosity of individuals and public bodies. It was established-
accordingly on a most satisfactory fOundation. Trial very soon
proved its utility. A❑ enlargement was made in evidence to a
greater degree of the advantages it was conferring. And the
last year has more than confirmed the testimony of the few
previous years of its existence.
The number of cases received, it will be seen by the return,
is 916, being more than double that of the former year. Eighty-
four beds are now made up,
instead of thirty-seven, the amount
of the last report. As compared with fhe reportof St. Thomas's
Hospital, London, so much in repute for them, the proportion
of accident cases continues progressively to increase, while 00,
less than twenty-one were sin desperate as to prove fatal a few,
hours after they were brought in. It May be added, that of
twenty-eight capital operations, only one has been unsuccessful.
But though the Northern Hospital is thus undoubtedly one of
the most important charities of the town, and so thoroughly
entitled to public confidence, it gives The committee pain to
report that its income'has greatly fallen off. Donations, which
ought to have been reserved as a source of peinianent increase,
have been applied to meet current expenses, and a-debt of above
£5OO bas been contracted. Its funds, therefore, instead of
increasing, are actually diminishing with its extending useful-
ness. , •

The committee feel persuaded that they have only to state
this fact to call forth a united effort, not only to relieve the in-
stitution of the existing bebt, but to secure permanent support
on a scale adapted to its growing necessities. It suffers, they
al•e satisfied, because its commanding claims are not sufficiently
known. When the wide, and, as it were, isolated district it
embraces—the number of accidents likely to occur i❑ the par_
titular locality, and the extremity of the cases it contemplates
are considered—benevolence will flow freely into this channel,
though it may be solicited in many others.
Accordingly, it is the intention of the committee to depute
some of the number immediately to wait upon their townsmen
for subscriptions and donations; and they would respectfully
urge ministers of religion to make collections in behalf,of the
Institution, not only with a view of obtaining funds for the
present need, but circulating, in the must favourable war, in-
formation as to its exceeding value among other charities of the
town, that it n►av run its career of usefulness, in time coming,
free of all embarrassments.

Mr. CHARLES WARNER read the accounts. It appeared from
these that the gross expenditure during the past year for altera-
tions, &c., furniture, surgical instruments, drugs, provisions,
wages, rent, and taxes, &e., was £2,078. Is. 9d. The gross
income during the same period, by donations, subscriptions,
collections, and payments inclusive.of £2lB. Os. 7d., balance
of last account, was £1,535. 6s. 3d.,—thus leaving a deficiency
0f£512 15s 64.

The Rev. R. P. Bunn!Com moved the adoption of the report.
He deplored that an institution, of such great importance
should be placed in circumstances of such great embat rassment.
As the friends of the institution, however, had determined upon
sommoning a special meeting for the purpose of laying before
the public the state of its affairs, and of making a stronger ap-
peal in its favour, he should abstain from any extended remarks
on the subject. He hoped the members of this Christian com-
munity would come forward and give to this most important
charity the support which it deserved.
Mr. HErintsusoN seconded the resolution, which was put and
carried unanimously.
Mr. W. \V. CURRIE said, he understood that that was the
proper time-to propose the resolution which he held in his hand,
as, in consequence of the proposal to call a special meeting,
several 'other resolutions had been deferred. He was called
upon to propose that the thanks of the meeting be given to the
committee for the past year, and to the treasurer; and that the
following gentlemen compose the committee for the ensuing
year : President, William Rathbone, Esq. Mayor; W. Brown,
Esq. Charles Horsfall, Esq. Adam Hodgson, Lsq. G. J. Wain-
wright, Esq. Charles Warner, Esq.-J. Lightbody, Esq. It. B.
Anderson; Esq. Rev..!. Hornby, Rev. Dr. Ralph, Elias Moze-
ley, Esq. It. B. Blundell, Esq. John Rigby, Esq. Rev. Dr.
Raffles, William Smith, Esq. (Lverton,) J. Myers, Esq. R.W.
Bateson, Esq. Samuel Lacon, Esq. E. G. Deane.. Esq, Rev.
James Martineau, Henry Holmes, Esq. R. P. Carter, 'Esq.
Thomas Irlam, Esq. and Hugh Anderson, Esq. • Mr. Currie
proceeded to say, that, for the same reason as that assigned by
Mr. Buddicom, he should abstain from making any remarks at
that time. . .

Mr. FREME seconded the resolution, which was put and car-
ried.
Mr. WILLIAM BROWN proposed that a special general meet-
ing of the inhabitants of the town be called at the Music-hall,
on Friday, the 16th instant, at seven o'clock in the evening, to
take into consideration the state of the Northern Hospital, and
more generally to make known the heavy claims which it has
on the sympathy and support of the town.
Mr. ADAM HoDasoN seconded the resolution.
One of the gentlemen present suggested. that before the meet-
ing broke up, it would be .proper to re-appoint the medical
officers. . _

Mr. PLATT upon this arose, and moved that the thanks of
the meeting he given to the medical officers for their services
during the past year, and also to the house-surgeon and ma-
tron, and that they be re-appointed for the ensuing year.
Mr CRORSFIELD seconded the resolution, which was carried
unanimously.
The Rev. H ucH M'NEILE proposed, that the thanks of the
meeting should be given to the Mayor for presiding at that
meeting, as well as for the assurance that he had given them,
tbat lie would preside over the next special meeting.
The resolution was seconded by a gentleman whose name we
could not learn, and carried
The MAYOR briefly retained his acknowledgments, and con-
cluded 14 hoping that he press would second then intentions,
and exert' its power ie givinglin impulse to public feeling in
behalf of the Hospital.
The meeting broke up at a quarter past three o'clock.

HOLYREAD.—An order has been sent by the Lords Commis-
sioners of the Admiralty to Captain Bevis, R.N., agent of
packets on the Holyhead station, directing the said packets to
take the mails and despatches from every Americaupaiket they
may happen to fall in with on their paipg,e to and from Ireland,
in order to obtain as early arrival as posSibte to the despatches
from Canada.

John Cottingham, Esq., Recorder of Chester, is a candidate
for the office of stipendiary magistrate of Manchester, vacant
by the promotion of Mr. Foster to the Chairmanship of the
Salford Sessions. There is every probability of Mr. Coiling-
ham's success.

BACHELORS' BALL.—A splendid ball is intended to he given
on ThurSday evening next,.at the Wellington Rooms, by a few
of the Liverpool bachelors. We understand about 500 invita-
tions have been issued, and that Weippart's band has been ex-
pressly engaged for the occasion.
THE .LIVERPOOL FRIENDLY SOCIETY.—TESTIMONIAL TO
MR. SilAw.--On Wednesday evening last the committee of
the
members of the Liverpool Friendly Society (held at the Savings
Bank) presented their worthy honorary secretary, Mr. Richard
Shaw, with an elegant plain silver tea service, of the value of
one hundred guineas, as a token of the very high esteem enter-
tained for his twenty years' valuable services. It must be in
the highest degree gratifying to this gentleman to know that
the above Sum has been raised in smal contributions amongst
the labourers, mechanics, and other artisans of the society, men
who feel and appreciate the value of his services; and all who
have been engaged in conducting it seem to vie with each other
in endeavoniing to render it as acceptable to him as they sin-
cerely believe him to be worthy 'of it. Even the honorary
members (gentlemen who give their time and attention to the
society's interests-for the good of the members) have recorded
their opinion of Mr. Shaw's merits-by contributing fo the sub-
scription.

EASTERN CoUNTIES R A ILWAY.--The shareholders in the
Eastern Counties Railway, will he gratified to learn that at a
general meeting of the company, held in London, on the 6th
• instant, -after reading a very favourable report of the
.pro-
ceedings for the last six months, the following gentlemen
were elected directors in the room of those retiring by ballot,
namely, Cot. Sir Robert Harvey, K.O 8., from Nerivich,•Mr.
Gunston, from. Lribdori, and Messrs. Theodore W. Rathhone,
and Lawrence Ileyworth, from Liverpool. At the same meet•
ing, a bye law was passed, eonffering on absent proprietors the
power of voting by proxy at all future meetingX of the'enmpany,
a measure which will prove of the greatest benefit to the under-
taking, which merely reduires good managethent to-insure its
taking a proper place in public estimation:

ANNUAL MEETING OF THE LIVERPOOL DIS-
TRICT SOCIETY FOR PROMOTING CHRISTIAN
kNOWLEDGE.

Yesterday at twelve o'clock, the annual meeting. of this so.
ciety was held at the chapel of the Blue Coat Hospital, thf
Lord Bishop of the Diocese in the chair. The meeting wat
tolerably attended, about 'IX) pet•sous being present, chiefly
ladies. •

Amongst the clergy and gentlemen present we observed Revs.
J. Brooks, M.A., J. B. Monk, M.A., 'l'. G. Leigh, M.A., R.
.P. Iluddicom, M.A., F. Barker, 8.A., Ellis Ashton, 8.D., T.
Bold, M.A., Richard Blacow, M.A., J. A. Wilson, M.A., Jas.
Hassan, M.A., Thos. Moss, M.A., Cecil Wray, M.A., Robert
Leicester, M.A., John Jones, Thomas S. Bowsteaul,M.A,
R. Le Townsendt M.A., i• ielJinr Ould, M.A., C. W. Law-
rence, M.A., John Lyon, M.A., J. EL Stewart, Oliver
Ormerod, Thonias Brancker, Knt.---J. Mar
riott, Esq., Charles Lawrence, 1114 q., Anthony Swainsurn, Esq.
George Grant. Esq , H. Banner, Esq.,. Adam Houlgsen, Esq.,
James Pownall, F.:sq.. C. S. Parker, Esq., Samuel S.indbach,
J. A. Tinny, ESQ'. Wm. Jones, Esq., Chas. Groves, Esq., G.
Freckleton, Esq., :lames Langton, Esq., Cyrus Morrall,
John North, Esq., John Rigby, Esq , &e.
The proceedings of the meeting were commenced by one of
the Secretaries, the Rev. James North, reacting a portion of the
prayers of the Church of Eoland service.
The Right Bev. CtiateNNN, in opening the business of the
meeting, said, they met that day for the purpose of bringing
forward to the notice of the community more prominently than
had been-usual lately, a society which certainly did not in gene-
ral obtrude itself on public notice, and which, perhaps, on that
account, had been in some degree forgotten. Silently and un-
obtrusively it did indeed make itself known by its ,usefulneSs ;
but. in days like these of universal competition' and collision, it
was a matter of necessity that societies which did nut bring
themselves forward before the public acquaintance of a town
like this, might sink into an obseikrity which they very little
deserved. They must remember that the circumstances of this
society were rather peculiar; in proportion .to its usefulness it
ruined itself. Generally speaking, where they had a large and
extensive and growing circulation of business,ahat business sup-
ported itself and did not require additional assistance ; but it
was exactly otherwise with a society of this kind: it professed
to lose by what it sold; it professed to furnish copies of the
Scripture in a large and -small scale, and prayer books and.
other publications, on a far less rate than they could be other-
wise obtained, consequently by its large business it was ruining
itself, and, consequently, this very large town of Liverpool was
indebted to the society to a large amount, as was the case at
Manchester- some time ago, that town being brought in debtor
to the society some £5llO or £6OO, the old:subscribers having
fallen off by death or removal, and new ones not having been
obtained. He confessed that in one respect he was a fit person
to support the claims of this society, from having, a correspond-
ence with many parts of the diocese, he was able to know the
extent of its usefulness in different parishes, There was, per-
haps, hardly one to which the seciety did not every year afford
great advantages. Not fewer than 100 libraries had been esta-
blished through the medium of this society alone, which were
sending out their different stores to the population. belonging
to the different places. Then again the diffusion of copies of
the Scriptures and prayer hooks was of great importance, and
circulated them far more than could possibly he the case for-
merly. Sometimes they thought the books were sold at too
cheap a rate, and that the large sum lost on each, nor less than
one third might be paid by the recipients, but he had found this
was not the ease, a clergyman had proved to him the other day,
when he was asking him the scanty diffusion of the Scriptures
in the district of Culne and Blackburne, that the people could
not afford to get them ;' we had seen a Bible divided into books,
and a part in different families, because they could not afford
to get the whole they were,so - poor. Through 'the instrumen-
tality of this society the Sunday. School children, instead of
idling about, were provided with prayer books. The soctety
was' also the micleus for applications When any Christian ob-
ject wanted support. - It had afforded assistance towards the
building of churches in Australia. They could scarcely mention
-any charitable object in which the society did not take au active
part. The society came before them with an experience of 140
years; and though it was an,honourable thing to be old, still
age would not support itself: and though it was very right to
speak of this society as it was spoken of as a venerable society
and the mother of them all, still they must support their vene-
rable mother. (Hear.) The Right lice. Prelate concluded
with calling on
The Rev. WILLTAM lIEsKETH, one of the secretaries, to read
the report. From the report it appeared that the Liverpool
District Committee of the Society was established in the year
1815; but that till 1825 the income arising from the subscrip-
tions towards it did not exceed £167 19s. per annum. In 1824
a large meeting was held at the Blue Coat School, with the
Bishop of the Diocese in the chair, by which the subscriptions
were increased to £5BO, and donations were added, the result of
the same meeting, to the amount of £255, from which time,
however, the funds had progressively declined. During the first
ten years 6917 Bibles, and 12,637 Paver Books were circu-
lated; and during the last ten Years, 24,165 Bibles, and 29,5(13
Prayer Books. The support of the society had decreased, while
the claims on it had increased. This society was the first that
caused the Bible, free of error, to be circulated through the(
land. The society was desirous to extend its usefulness to the
boundless plains of India, and the daily thriving colony of
Australia. During the past year the parent society has made
the following grants:—To meet the spiritual wants of Upper
Canada, £20(X); schools in the Mauritius, £500; to' other si-
milar purposes, £3000; and £5O had been granted to Mr.
Alston, of Glasgow, to further his plan of printing parts of the
Holy Scriptures on embossed types, for the use of the blind.
The books which had been circulated by the parent society
during the past year, were as follows :—Bibles and Testaments,
187,715; Prayer Books, 192,411; bound books', 132,233; half
hound, 1,707,551. There had been sold besides, at the depo-
sitory of the society in Ranelagh-street, 5634 Bibles and Testa-
ments, 3462 Prayer Books, 9952, boutid and half bound books,
and 18,626 school boOks ; making a total of 34,614 books.
Grants of £5 each, for the promotion of libraries, had been
made to the schools in Connexion with St. John time Baptist's
Church, St. Catherine's, St. Bride's, and St. Luke's. Three
dozen Prayer Books haul been given for the use of the Peneten-
tiary, and a Bible and Prayer Book had been given to each of
the boys who left the. Blue Coat School.
Mr. JAMES POWNA lA, then proceeded to read a statement of
the accounts, from which it appeared, that the total amount
received was £l4BO 165.5 d. the total amount paid was £1391125.
which, added. to £l5O ss. Bd., due to the treasurer, left in
in his hiinds £64 2s. 9d

The Rev. Rector Brumes rose to propose, that the report, just
read, together with the treasurer's accounts, be received, print-
ed, and circulated. He could heartily wish, that the accounts
had borne another and more favouraLle aspect, and that they
had shown a considerable larger sum subscribed towards the
support of a society so well deserving. He was sorry to fiud
that this large and liberal town, for it deserved that name, had
only subscribed £l4BO. It seemed to him a very small sum for
the town of Liverpool. The report itself had entered so much
into the detail of the objects of the society, that it almost seemed
to have anticipated anything that he could say in recommend-
ing to the attention of the meeting. Still, however, some few
observations would not be out of place, and might be looked for
from him. The society was the first that had been established
in these realms for the object which it had in view. It was
fellow-
society,es-
for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts, was
es-
tablished in the year 1698, new 140 years ago; and its
also established at the same time. So that the Church of Eng-
landorigina-
tor of the first bible. society and the first missionary society•
had the gratification of thinking that she was the
ever established in Eogland, or that issued front her bosom.—
( Hear.). He believed the exertions of the society were, in the
first instance, directed to the circulation of the Holy Scrip-
turee. In process of time, it added many other objects to its
first intention. To the circulation of the scriptures was also
joined that of the liturgy of the Church of England, and that,
in his opinian; was the greatest recommendation of this so-
ciety, and the strongest one, at least, to churchmen. (Hear.)
The reverend Rector then proceeded to state, that the so-
ciety had greatly contributed to the education of the great
mass of the population, and had been the great means of fur-
nishing the various charity schools (tithe kingdom at large with
cheap books: It bad had its school-masters and Feud chaplains
in our colonies, and might in that respect be called a missionary
society. It hail been the greet means of establishing in the
East Indies the Bishop's College, which was known to be the
weans of instructing the natives in the Christian religion, and
preparing them to be sent out amongst their own people, to
England. It had also done a great deal towards
carry the word of God amongst them as the authorised teachers
i7f of the scriptures by translating them into the
Lieges of France, Spain, Holland, and Italy,
dlw)hrihfretehereereeir;e3cniic°:firculation was so exceedingly desirable. It had
also translated the scriptures into the language of the East, and
was still busily occupied in the same good' work; and if its
means would Only enable it, there was no saying where its use-
fulness would stop. After calling upon the meeting to afford
their support to a society so well worthy of it, he concluded
with ineving the resolution.
Mr. Het:woo° BANNER seconded the resolution which was
unanimously adopted.
The Rev. Mr. Bunnicom had great pleasure in submitting
to the meeting the next resolution, "that the extensive useful-
ness and the strenuous exertions of this society during the pe-
riod of 140 years to promote the objects for which' it was origi-
ginally instituted, appear to entitle it to a inure liberal support
than from the inhabitants of this wealthy community it has
hitherto received." Mr. Buddicom proceeded to advocate the
claims of this society upon the support of the community. He
was quite aware that there were those who considered antiquity
a very musty matter, and Ahat there were those who thought the
world was wiser in proportion as it was younger; and they
heard of young liberators, and young societies springing up in
every part of the world; but whose usefulness he was afraid was
more than problematical. It was not so with this society. It
was going on .supplying the word with increasing energy and
usefulness.hristitv
Adaer the
alluding soei ety,
to and
ihe enable
efforts b
power, and the grace of God was its doctrine. He trusted, that
the support which it received that day, would assist the progress
(
entcreasdingien
e society c y to iffus
in India, and to educate the population of Canada in the know-
ledge of the word of God, he concluded a powerful
appeal on
its behalf, with moving the resolution.
Mr, ADAM HonGsoN in seconding the resolution expressed
his deep shame at his own ignorance of the merits of the so-
ciety. He was the more ready to express it, because he be-
lieved he was expressing an iwhich ignorance a great many
gentlemen around him must own they took a part. He should
be exceedingly sorry to-find Liverpool placed in the same posi- ,
lion as Manchester—a debtor to the society, but he hoped that
ou the contrary it would contribute largely to its funds. He
concluded with seconding the resolution, which Was unani-
mously adopted.
The Rev. H APNEILE rose to move the next resolution ;
" That this meeting calls earnestly on the public to aid them in
extending the benefits of the society by enlarging the amount
of the subscriptions." He thought that no pressing would be
necessary to induce the meeting to'pass that resolution ; and,
therefore, if the sole object were to get the resolution passed.
they might content themselves with simply moving and second-
ing it ; but after it had been passed, after that meeting had
called on the public to aid them an extending the benefits of the
society by enlarging the amount of the subscriptions, what
then, would the public answer that call ? Were they sufficiently
aware of, and sufficiently alive to, the benefits of the society to
grant the needful support ? He would gladly hollow those rho
had preceded him in the announcement of the objects and
operations of this society, and endeavour thereby to strengthen
their views ; but he thought it was in vain to deny, and feeling
as he did it would be worse than vain to attempt to conceal that
much coldness existed as regarded this society—that a feeling of
dissatisfaction had arisen at some of the publications published
by it A feeling of division and doubtfulness at to their chris-
tian character had occupied many minds, and thee, ought not
to attempt to turn away their glance from the painful difficulty
in which this circumstance had placed them, but they ought
candidly to have the matter sifted through and through. There
were differences of opinion among them which they were
forced principally to feel the effects of; bet he thought, after
all, that they were exaggerated far beyond what they oughtever
to have been. Lie thought they would not exist to the extent
that many seemed to imagine; their unanimity in the eircula-
tirin of the Prayer Book was a proof of t hat. That .book taught
the whole of the scripture doctrine, and entered boldly into the
interpretation of the whole revealed word of God, and they
joined as one man in the circulation of the Prayer Book.
They were prepared to maintain the•distinction between shades
ofopinion, in which brethren might differ,,, and fundamental

ri oetrines. In sneaking on this point he was reminded of a re-
mark of Lord Bacon's We see Moses, when he beheld
an Egyptian contending with an Israelite, did not say Why
strike 'ye ?' but drew his sword and smote the Egyptian ; but
when he saw the two Israelites contendin,, he said " Ye are
brethren, why strike ye?" There were false.Staieinents which Were
Egyptians;. they could have no fellowship with them; they had
not patience to say " Why strike ye?" tint drew the sword of
the spirit and slew them as falsehoods. But there were differ-
ences of opinion which were Israelites: against ,these they
raised no voice—they drew no sword; they said,'" These are
differences of opinion, Why strike' ye ?' " He entered on the
difficult task of giving an eX planation to this quotation from
Lord Bacon. They met with a statement in those publica-• •
tions which declared Jesus Chiist to be mere man, inspired, in-
deed, to teach morals and to seta good example; but in his own
person nothing but man.' It was an Egyptian; they had no
parley with it: our Prayer hook condemned it, and they would
circulate our Prayer book. But he met with a brother, and one
said Meichisedech was the prince of the country ; Shem, or
some other venerable roan to whom even the father of the• faith-

ful Irowed cud paid tithes. Another said Melchisedech was the
eternal word of God, who appeared as captain of the Lord's
host to Joshua, and wrestled with Jacob, and taking on him the
appearance of a man, came to the faithful, and received front
hint the tribute due to God's high priest. These were Israel-
itish brethren, and they said to them, " why strike ye." They
found a statement ascribing justifying merit to the works of
man. That was an Egyptian ; our Prayer books condemned
it. But there were brethren, one of whom said that his only
motive for leading a Christian life was, that the loVe of Christ
constrained him: he would hear of nothing else. Another
said he had a motive for a reward—that a cup of cold water,
given to a disciple, was protnised a reward, and he scruples not
to anticipate a reward. Now these were Israelites, " why strike
ye." Could they not allow the text whiCh a brother approved
to go forth in a tract, and spread itself? Oh, "why strike ye."
( Pear.) He contended that there was an united phalanx
endeavouring to foment this difference, and widen this
breach; let them disappoint these Egyptians, and shoW that
they were Israelites indeed. The connexion which the so-
ciety had in the education of the young was most import-
ant; and their present position with regard to ,education
rendered it imperative in them so-to occupy the ground as to
leave no pretence for the infliction on the country of a new
scheme of edticatinn which had been put forth with consummate
wisdom, as fat as the wisdom of this world was concerned. He
had been reading an account of this scheme by a friend, an
apologist, an eulogist of it, perhaps he might go further, by the-
author of the bill itself, in an article in the Edinburgh Review..
With the permission of his Lordship he would set before the
meeting a little of the machinery of this bill, in order to call the
attention of his respected rev. brethren to it. He thought they
would have themselves to blame if this scheme were ever in-
flicted on the country. If they thought it never could be suc-
cessful in its present nibbling attempts on the public mind, it
would gain a hold on th'e public mind which would render their
opposition useless when called for. It was proposed that there
should be a central board to co-operate with different autho-
rities in the country to establish national schools, Where
there existed town councils, these were to be the local autho-
rities; where they did not exist, school committees were to be
appointed, chosen front- the mass of the inhabitants, and hav-
ing-a right to vote at the meetings governing the schools. The
right to vote was derived from aknowledge qualification; not
a qualification of rate-payers, or holders of land or property of
any other kind, but a knowledge qualification. The central
board was authorised to control all mechanics institutions, and
all literary societies, whether corporations or not. It was
proposed that the names of the members should be enrolled with
the length of time they have been members; if a member of
one of these societies has been a member one year to receive a
certificate to that effect; if three years, to receive a three years'
certificate, and these qualifications gave a right to sit on the
school committee. The central hoard in London would merely
have a training school to teach masters to send to the various
schools in the country. The writer said the central hoard would
have no power of forcing a school on any neighbourhoird, but if
the local authorities refused to establish schools on their plan,
they were debarred ail aid in
_the establishment of schools on
any other. Mr. M`Neile then [;contended that the masters 'so
trained would be superior to, and therefore supersede the old
masters, arid create a demand for them in the country, itud of
necessity in their training on this-system, all religious leas must
be left out. of the question, so that at hest we should but have
school where the intellect only was taught, while the moral
character and the religious principle of the children would be
left quite untouched. But the teachers Might be the teachers
of infidelity. Thus the religious principles and morals- of the
great mass of the population of the country would be placed
under the formation of the central board. The general,
education had no reference to moral character. No man
was Made a good husband by being a good chemist, a
good brother by being made a good astronomer, kind to his
parents by being a good geographer, a lover of truth by a
knowledge of botany, chaste by a knowledge of phrenology,
or sober by being a good physiologist. It would not. do; they.
must teach him Christianity,, they must teach him God's loving
Son, and teach him the prayer-book. This was what they
wanted in their schools More
.than general knowledge—know-
ledge which puffed up the intellect and rendered a man only a
more clever instrument for the itinerant demagogue or the se-
cret forger. (Lend applause.) He implored 'on his lordship,
and the heads of the church to themselves bring forward a ge-
neral measure of education, to stand forward as their, leaders,
and unite them in advocating a measure, and not let them waste
their strength in making defensive' objections to an adverse
measure.

Dr. PRECKLETON seconded the resolution, which was unani-
mously adopted.
Mr. SANDBACH proposed the next resolution, that the thanks
of the meeting be given to the officers of the society for their
services during the past yealyand nominating the officers for
the year ensuing.
Mr. CHARLES PARKER had much pleasure in seconding the
resolution, which was unanimously adopted.
The Rev. Mr. HESKETH proposed the thanks of the meeting
to the Lord Bishop of the diocese, for his presence,' and for the
zeal which he had shown on behalf of the society, which was'
seconded by Mr. Barker, and carried by acclamation.
The Right Rev. PRELATE in returning thanks, urged the
necessity of enrolling as many laymen as possible in their
ranks, to assist them in instigating parents to send their chil-
dren to the schools which existed, and to add to their funds.
None of the schools which. existed -were •full. There - was no
want of schools in the country, and if the new system of educa-
tion was brought about, the schools would not till without the
parenG' were urged to send their children, and the power of
doing this or not, would be in the hands of the clergy. After a
short prayer from his lordship, the meeting broke up at three
o'clock.
