SOUTH LANCASHIRE GRAND CONSERVATIVE
DINNER.

This dinner, the first given by this constitutional society, took
place yesterday at Newton. The company began to assemble
at the Leigh Aims as early as two o'clock, and amused them-
selves before the dinner hour in sti oiling about the grounds
adjacent to the hotel, during which an excellent band, stationed.
in the lawn before the hotel, enlivened the scene by Playing at
intervals some of our most favourite and popular airs, In con-
sequence of the demand for tickets exceeding the number ori-
ginally intended to be issued, (two hundred,) it was found
necessary to engage the assembly-room at the Horse and
Jockey, at Newton, to which place, at five o'clock, the company
walked in procession from the Leigh Arms, led by the hand of
music, and headed by John F. Entwistle, Esq. of Foxholes, the
chairman, and the stewards of the dinner. The dining-room
•
was, tastefully decorated with laurel and bouquets of flowers,
and the tables displayed a variety of the choicest viands of the
season. Mr. Leigh presented a fine buck on the occasion, and
the-turtle was a present from the Liverpool Conservative So-
ciety; •the pines .from the gardens of Mr. Entwistle, and the
fruits from the gardens of the neighbouring gentlemen. There
was an abundance of grouse on the table, and the wines were
much praised for their rare quality.
The Chairman was supported on the right by Wm. Hulton,
Esq., of Hulton, Colonel Hargreaves, Joseph Ridgway, Esq.,
Jas. fiearsley, Esq., Henry Critchley, Esq., and J. H. Leigh,
Esq. • on• his lelt by Mr. Alderman John Bourne, the Hon.
H. Lindsay, son of the Earl of Balcarras, and 'l'. B. Horsfall,
Esq. Among the company we noticed the Rev. Peter Leigh,
Edward Greenall, Esq., of Warrington, Henry Moss, Esq.,
Thomas Tobin, Esq., john Fletcher, Esq., of Bolton,
Withington, Esq., of Culcheth, John Whitley, Esq., of Brook-
side, and a considerable number of other county magis-
trates for the southern division of Lancaster. The. Vice-
Presidents were Sir Thomas Brancker, John Clare, Esq.,
and Edward Kearsley, Esq. The Stewards were selected
from the gentlemen of the local committees of the socie-
ty. During the dinner the band continued to play in
the orchestra. The vocal music was conducted by a gentleman
from Manchester, and we have to observe that it consisted of
amateur performances which were volunteered for the occasion.
At the removal of the cloth "Non Noble Domino" was given in
fine style, after which the Chairman rose to propose the, first
toast. This he prefaced by a few remarks, in which he expressed
his conviction that his object in rising was already anticipated
by the company, whose prevailing feeling was "Loyalty to the
king," in which he was sure they never would be, under any
circumstances, deficient, and concluded by giving the health of
"King William •the Fourth, Duke of Lancaster." On the
announcement of this toast the company rose, and it was drank
with three times three. The toast was followed by the national
anthem of "God save the King," the company joining in chorus,
and hailing it with three cheers at the close of each verse.— i
After a short lapse of time the Uhairman again rose and proposed
the health of "The Queen, the ornament of the throne, the
liberal supporter of the charitable institutions of the country,
by the bright example of her patronage and the industry. of her
family." This toast was received with a shout of exultation and
delight that was almost deafening, and several minutes elapsed
before the company resumed their seats. Order being restored,
the glee of " Here's a Health to all good Lasses," was given in
fine style.
This was followed by the. third toast,—" The Princess Vic-
toria and the rest of the 1-1 oval Family." In giving this
toast the CHAIRMAN expressed his hopes that the Princess
Victoria would be educated in those virtuous principles which
will enable her to adorn the station which she is in all proba-.
bility destined to fill. This toast was also drank with three
times three, and was followed by the glee,—" Hail Star of
Brunswick," which was admirably executed.
The CHAIRMAN then said, that the next toast he was about
to give no words of his own could do justice to; but the vast
assemblage he saw before him justified him in proposing it.
He should propose " Our principles, and may we hand them
down to our posterity unimpaired " This toast w.,s drank amid
, - great cheering.
'Glee—" When order in this land commenced."

OL STA NDA RD.

The CHA rum AN
,nextproposed "The Army and 'Navy," and
he was sure they would ever do their duty. (Cheering.)
• A Gentleman volunteered " The Death of Nelson,' which'
was received with general satisfactiOn.
The CHAIRMAN then
.gave " The House of Brunswick, and
-may they never forget their principles." • (Cheering.)
• Glee—" Hail Smiling Morn."
Sir THOMAS BRANCKE:2 then rose and proposed the health of
their worthy President, "John Entwistle, -Esq. of Foxhoies,
who, on all occasions, both in his private capacity, and on
public occasions, had always discharged his duty as became a
true born old English gentleman."—This toast was drank amid
the loudest cheering.
-The CHAIRMAN heartily thanked them for the honour they
had done him; he felt proud—most proud to meet them there
that day; their numbers justified them in:going on, and though
many might feel inconvenienced from the crowded state of the
room, he could not say he was sorry for them; but if they lived
until the next year, he hoped they would find a more commo-
dious room in which to drink their wine and discuss their
opinions.
The CHAIRMAN next gave "The House of Lords, and thanks :
to them for their unflinching integrity." Ile hoped they would
allow him there to say that there was a considerable number
'of the nobility belonging to their association, amongst others
the Marquiss of Salisbury, Lord Skelinersdale, and Lord Bal-
carras. He was sorry that they were not there; for, as noble-
men connected with Lancashire, they would have been proud
to have attended such a locating as that. (Great applause and
cheers.)
The Hon. Mr. LINDSAY, (one of the sons of Lord Balcarras)
was deputed-by his father to exress his regret at being unable
to attend the meeting; but he hoped to have the pleasure of
dining with them next-year.
The CHAIRMAN then gave "The Town and Trade of Liver-
pool, the first commercial pOrt in the worid."—( Tremendous ap-
plause, and three times three.)
Sir THOMAS BRANCKER briefly returned thanks; he was
sure that the interests of the town of Liverptiol were so iden-
tified with those of Lancashire at large, that one could not be
benefited without the other feeling good effects from it.
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " Protestant Ascendancy."
Every person, he said, who had beheld the state of the sister
island, must have felt certain that England, to a certain extent,
owed her prosperity to Protestant ascendancy. He had as
liberal principles as any one; but he thought we had gone far
enough, as the farther they went the farther they might go;
and where they were to stop he did not know, and he was sure
that his Majesty's ministers did not know themselves. (Loud
and continued cheers for several minutes.)
Glee—" The Jolly full Bottle."
The CHAIRMAN said he would next propose a toast which he
was sure would be acceptable. They had already drank "The
Town of Liverpool, the first commercial port in the world;"
that town was also the first, he believed, in this county, to establish
an effective conservative association.. He would therefore pro-
pose—" The ConservatiVe Association of Liverpool." (Tre-
mendous cheering.)
Mr. T. B. HORSFALL being loudly called upon, rose and
returned thanks on behalf of t,:e Liverpool Conservative Asso-
ciation. He said, with the permission of the Chairman, he
would take that opportunity of congratulating the gentlemen
whom he saw before him, as well as every lover of their com-
mon country, on the great, the important changes which bad
taken place since they last met in that room,—(Cheers,)—he
alluded not to the changes which had been made in the insti-
tutions of the country,—he alluded not to the partial changes
which had been made in the administration of the country,
but he alluded to that greater and • far more important
change—the change of public opinion. (Long continued cheers.)
Twelve months ago, the name of conservative was a byeword
through- the .country; but now, (as that festive board amply
testified,) their ranks were crowded, even to overflowing; and
many, who still widely differed from them on many political
questions, now proudly called themselves conservative Whigs;
—they saw that changes far more dangerous, far more extensive
than they ever contemplated, were daily being made,—they heard
the annihilation of the House of Lords openly threatened,—they
saw the stability of the throne endangered,—they marked the
startling inroads of democracy, and they began to recognise
the wisdom of that great man who, many years ago, told them
that the great error of the reformers was, that they imagined
the constitution of this country to be one wide field of demo-
cracy, inlaid, for ornament's sake, with a peerage, and topped
by sufferance with a crown. (Loud cheers.) If they adverted
for a moment to that period when the present ministry first
came into power, they would perceive how, to the fullest extent,
they had-acted on this fatal, this delusive error. Cast, as it
were, ou the wide ocean of political warfare,—feeling that they
could not command a majority of the House of Commons,—
knowing that they did not possess the confidence of the peers,
they cast themselves at once into the arms of a democracy. By
that power they have (said Mr. H.) been hitherto upheld, but
who, that marked the progress of events, would deny that they
were now hurrying down the stream of popular anger and po-
pular dislike, as rapidly and as fiercely as they were formerly
cheered on by the breath of popular applause. (Loud cheers.)
He would not enter into any lengthened review of the proceed-
ings of his Majesty's government, but he could not, on an oc-
casion like the present, allow them to pass altogether unno-
ticed. Whether they looked at their foreign or domestic po-
licy,—whether they looked at their policy with regard to France,
Greece, Italy, Holland, or Portugal,—whether they looked at
any branch of their domestic policy, legal, clerical, financial,
or commercial, :they beheld but one unvaried and unvarying sys-
tem of the most blundering incapacity. (Cheers.) If they would
look at France, what did they find? They would find us (con-
tinued Mr: H.) united with her against our old, our faithful,
and only Protestant ally, the King of Holland. (Loud cheers.)
They would find her troops occupying Algiers, in direct viola-
tion of every treaty by which nation was honourably bound to
nation. They would find her fettering our power and curbing
our influence in the Mediterranean. In fact, there was nothing
which France ambitiously coveted, but the cowardice of the
British ministry instantly conceded. (Cheers.) If this was the
system of non-intervention—if as a nation we are to be the dupes
of the world—if we are to concede to France all that she ambiti-
ously covets, and to Russia all that she proudly demands, then
he would' say, away with the system of non-intervention—away
with those men who would sacrifice the honor and best interests
of our country, and England would again rise to that high and
honorable station which she ought to• hold among the nations
of the world. (Great cheering.) There was, but one other
point of our foreign policy to which he would allude. It was
our relation with regard to Portugal. It was not whether Don
Pedro on behalf of his daughter, or Don Miguel, was the right-
ful heir to the throne of Portugal; but it was, whether it was
consistent with national honor—whether it was consistent with
national good faith, that when as a nation we stood pledged to
the strictest neutrality, fleets and armies should be equipped and
fitted out in England f'or either one party or the other. (CheeTs.)
Yet such was the fact. .And it was when the Duke of Welling-
ton, jealous for the honour of his country, moved an address to
his Majesty, begging him to enforce the neutrality to which we
were honourably pledged, that his Majesty's ministers (for he
would not admit that it was the answer of his King,) had dar-
ingly insulted the House of Lords by one of the most indecent
and unbecoming replies which was ever penned by British
statesmen. This led him to make a few observations on the do-
mestic policy of his Majesty's government. Not being a lawyer,
he would not enter upon a review of the legal reforms, or rather
legal changes which had been proposed; but he would give
them the opinion of one of the first lawyers in the land, whom
lie heard say when speaking on this subject, that although he
was somewhat greyheaded and somewhat advanced in years,
yet if the contemplated changes in the law were carried
into effect, he firmly believed he should out-live the law
altogether. (Cheers.) What the feelings of this lawyer were
with regard to the changes in the law, be (Mr. H.) 'believed
were the feelings of all assembled in that room with regard to
the other numberless changes which were in contemplation.
For his own part, when he thought of them, they not unfre-
quently brought to his mind some lines which he recollected to
have read somewhere, but where he could not at that moment
call to mind,

" We thankful feel, the sun and moon
Are placed so very high,
That no presuming hand can reach
And pluck them from the sky. (Loud cheers and laughter.)
If 'twere not so, we cannot doubt
But some reforming ass

Would soon propose to snuff them out,
And light the world with gas." (continued cheers and laughter.)
But, to be more serious, • as a commercial man he would just
glimpse at the commercial policy of the government. He would
candidly admit that at one time he thought that there was every
prospect of three most impo taut questions being brought to
something like a satisfactory arrangement. He all ided to the
Bank and East India Company's charter, and the West India
question. But instead of their being satisfactorily settled; two
out of the three parties most deeply interested in those questions
had not only accused, but convicted ministers of a direct breach
of faith. (Cheers.) With regard to the West India question,
he was most anxious to see it brought to a settlement; (hear)
not from any trifling interest he might have in the colonies,
but because that question was most unjustly made use of as a
handle against the Conservatives. (Loud cheers.) He recol-
lected when these associations were first established, amongst
all the vain, absurd, and idle charges, which were brought
against them, it was boldly asserted that they were formed for
the purpose of upholding colonial slavery; whilst if he knew any
thing of the feelings of a Conservative, they were as much op-
posed to slavery as any man's could be,—be that slavery in the east
or the west, the north or the south, at home or abroad. But
the conservatives would not consent to repair the wrongs of
'Africa by a system of injustice to the West India planter. The
crime of slavery was a national crime, and they contended that
the reparation should he national also. For my own part
(continued Mr. H.,) I respect, I venerate, I love the
man who embarks 1n the sacred cause of liberty from
religious principle, but when I see a man professing
to embark in it from such a motive, and yet withholding his
portion of the sacrifice, and giving to God of that which has
cost him nought; I set down that man's profession as the
blackest and darkest hypocrisy.— (Load cheers.) Mr. Hors-
fall said, that concurring as he did in the remarks which had
fallen from their excellent Chairman relative to• Ireland, he
would venture to offer a few observations on the state
of that country. Mr. H. then proceeded to condemn strongly
the anti-scriptural system of instruction which had been intro-
duced into Ireland, but our limits prescribe our giving these
observations at length. He could easily conceive how men,
who could sanction such a measure, could sanction also the
spoliation of the Irish church, and he believed that his Majesty's
Ministers would not be satisfied until they had made a dating
attempt to separate the union of church and state,—forgetting
the words of the venerable the Earl of Eldon, (cheers,) a
name dear to every patriot's heart (continued cheering) that
the object of the union between church and state was not to
make the church' political, but to make the state religious.
(Cheers.) Mr. H, concluded by calling earnestly on the con-
servatives to continue in a determined bond of union—a union
to uphold the existing institutions of the country, convinced
that in doing so they would effectually promote the peace, the
happiness, and the welfare of the country. (Mr. H. resumed
his seat amidst loud and continued cheeriug.)
Sir TnostAs BRANCKER then proposed (lie health of William
Hutton, Esq., which was received with immense cheering. .
Mr. 111:31,TON said, that when he appealed to a party, of true
conservatives, lie appealed to no one who did not possess a
feeiing heart; they would then estimate the difficulty he laboured
under in assuring them how graieful he felt for the compliment
paid him, which, he begged to assure them, would be an addition
to his happiness. He sensibly felt the disadvantage he laboured
tinder in having to follow his friend, Mr. Horsfall, who had so
eloquently pointed out to them what. England 'was,—what she
ought to lie, and .what she is. But who could look forward, who
can say what England will be, calculating-on the effects of the
measures that had been carried, and were in progress? Can-
ning had said that no Englishman could walk the streets of
Paris without a feeling of pride, when he recollected that he
was the countryman of Wellington, the conqueror of that city..
(Cheers.) Could they ft-el that now ? (Cheers.) .hat smile ot
our institutions remained we had not to thank those who had, by
altering, done their best to destroy theism. At the time to which
he alluded we were admired as a people who conquered France,
and humbled to the dust the conqueror of nations. Now, we
were as a people degraded in the face of he whole world.
(Cheers.) He would ask any of his friends whether they felt
any of the pride that Englishmen were wont to feel in speaking
of their ci.untry and its institutions ? It is not because a por-
tion 'of the manufacturing and mercantile interests maybe stem-
ming the torrent—it is not because the wealth of the Ganges
reaches the banks of the Mersey, that they should be content or
could feel any cause for triumph, seeing that all that gave sta-
bility to our institutions was swept away. No one present could

now say, " I thank God that I live under the government of
Great Britain." (Cheers.) He was pleased to see that they
were all prepared to resist to the uttermost a bought majority
of the House of Commons. Lord Altharp and Lord John 'Wes-
sell had deniedthat they had ever encouraged or corresponded
with the political unions. Did any rational man in England
believe them? ("Oh no!" and cheers.) Among other acts of
spodatieii they had sent out a cmnmission to destroy all the cor-
porations of England, and had selected for a secretary to this
commission, the secretary to one of these unions! (Cheers.)
They had been derided because they were Conservatives, be-
cease they wished to preserve from destruction the institutions
of their country. He would ask theiri--•-did they love the altars
before which their fathers worshipped ? and he would answer,
"if you do, then be Conservatives." If they loved their wives,
their daughters, and their sisters—if they- valued their rights
as men—he would agaia say "then be Conservatives," (cheers)
and unless they were they would be undeserving of those bless-
ings which they might if they would hand doWn to their pos-
terity. By continuing to shelter the poor from the oppression
of the rich—by preserving to all their rights in the institutions
of the country, they would best promotesthe true faith in which
they had been brought up, and best hand this down to genera-
tions yet unborn. (This speech was loudly cheered in the
course of its delivery, and at its conclusion there was a general
burst of applause.)
The CHAIRM-AN then gave the "Duke of Wellington," a
toast that was drunk with three times three, and. followed by
Lord Morniugtota's Glee—" Here in Cool Grot."
Mr. HULTON said the Chairman had kindly permitted him
to propose a toast. Although he could not applaud a ministry
who had conducted the government of the country in the man-
ner which our ministers had dune, he was always ready to
accord due praise to a good government; and there were friends
of his at the bottom of the table who had filled the three vice-
chairs in the most able manner, and who deserved their warmest
thanks. They were as great in their private as in their public
capacity. He knew them to be honest men, and he was sure
they would all concur with him in the opinion, that an honest
matt was the noblest work of God. He should propose the
'health of "Sir Thos. Brancker, Mr. Kearsley, and Mr. Clare."
Mr. CLARE was called upon to return thanks; but he humor-
ously remarked that no man could fight but fur himself; and,
as he was the least, he would speak the last.
Sir THOMAS BRANCKER then briefly returned thanks. As
far as any thing he had done had contributed to the harmony
of the evening, he was fully repaid by the gratification he had
experienced in the attendance. He hoped it would be larger a
hundred years hence. ( Loud applause.)
Mr. ICEARssEy was much obliged by the very handsome
manner in which Mr. Hutton had proposed his health, and that
of his colleagues ; he only regretted that they could not have
entertained all the company, but he hoped the next time they
would go to the grand stand, (laughter and applause,) and that
they might all live long enough to brineup their children in
the same way. ( Loud applause.) - -
Mr. CLARE said he was one of theieeuld fashioned English
gentlemea who thought every man shohld speak and fight for
himself; and he was certain there was not one under the canopy
of heaven who revered his King, constitution, and country more
than himself. As long as he had breath he•would bring up his
children after his own example ;—he would, at all times of diffi-
culty, be found at his post ;—humble was he born, and humble
might he be left, but whateVer might happen he would always
be found an Englishman who would fearlessly support the
principles in which he was bred. It was with the greatest degree
of pleasure that he observed such a company of true born Eng-
lishmen before him,—men that were not to be humbugged,—
men that would not be induced'by the press to applaud my Lord
Grey and Company, (applause,) such a company as the devil
would not have, (laughter,) because if he would, he might have
had them long ago. ( Laughter andcheers.) He was only afraid
they would reform his country as they had reformed their own,
(laughter;) but he would now be serious (laughter) and give
them the reverse of such creatures as now ruled them, he world
give them the memory of a man who died a beggar—sorry was
he that he should have been forgot, he did not mean then, but in
former days—he had not enriched himself as the present minis-.
try hafi—he would give them the immortal memory of a man •
who had benefited his country by his exertions ; it was true he
had raised a great debt, but he had' sense enough to know that
had he not acted in the manner he had, they would now have
been a province of France, and every possible misery entailed
on this country, and he was one of those who would pay
a slight annual tax rather than such things should be. He
would give "The immortal memory of William Pitt."
Glee—" Foresters sound the cheerful Horn."
The CHAIRMAN then proposed "The ToWn and Trade of
Manchester, and may it emulate its sister town, not only in
commerce, but also in conservative principles, and may we
see as many the next year as from Liverpool." (Loud applause
and cries of "more.")
Mr. Wm. HULTON obliged the company by singing in a very
-tasteful manner, " A Goblet of Burgundy," which afforded
much satisfuct ion.
Sir THOZHAS BRANCKER said, that women and wine had
always been associated together, and, as they had much wine
and no women, he should propose " The Lancashire Witches,"
for without them the conservative society would soon perish.
( Loud cheering.)
Mr. CLARE was about to do the same thing, but always gave
precedence to his younger brethren. He wished to remark,
that without the Lancashire Witches the present assembly
would never have had a being; without Mrs.Hultun they would
never have had a chip of that old block present : he would pro-
pose the health of that lady, who was the consort of that worthy.
gentleman, Mr. Hulton.—Mrs. Hutton was then toasted with
three times three. .
Mr. HULTON might, he was sure, appeal to them all to sup-
port him in his feelings of surprise, that amidst the constella-
tions with which Lancashire abounded (applause) Mr. Clare
should have selected an old lady for the distinguished honour
he had thought proper to pay her; he appeared to have remem-
bered him when he was a sucking babe—when he was much
younger than he then was, and about to become the happy hus-
band of Mrs. Hulton. Since then he had had six chips, such
as they saw before them, besides the addition of six ladies, who
might merit sometime or other the title of Lancashire witches.
But if there was a feeling which came home to all, it was that
if there was any one thing of which Englishmen might feel
proud, it was the fostering care bestowed by an English mother
upon her offspring, and the unceasing anxiety with which she
watched its opening reason unveil itself, and nurtured it.iuto the
paths of truths. He felt a pride in drinking the health of Mrs. Hol-
ton. She was one of the best wives and tenderest mothers; those
who were married could best judge his feelings on such an occa-
sion, whilst to those unmarried the best and sincerest wish of his
heart was, that in their future marriages they might be as
blessed as he had been. The next thing in point of merit to the
obedience of a child was the affection of a child; this only could
be matured by the influence of religion, and there could not be
a better boon given to the poorer class than setting an example
of piety at Lome: As to his wife, he would leave it to his son
to say what his family owed to such a mother. (Loud applause.)
Glee—" My dear Alistress."
The CHAIRMAN then proposed, "The Lord of the Manor,
Sir Thomas Leigh, who has on this day accommodated us with
this room." He hoped next year that he would accommodate
them with the grand stand on the race-course. (Gites,e.)
Mr. WM. HULTON said that a legacy had been left him by
his father which he had not expected—that be should address
the young men in praise of his mother, as excellent as any could
hope to possess ; he hoped theymight all have such a one. He
must not pass lightly over his father, as without him he would
not then have had the honour of addressing them, (laughter and
applause,) and he hoped that those children who should be
born to those in the room might be brought up in those princi-
ples of torvism and religion in which he had—from which he
had never deviated, and he hoped never should. (Applause.)
With the permission of the Chairman he would propose a toast
which, although it had passed their notice, he was sure could -
not have passed their hearts. He shouldpropose "The health of
Lord Eldon, the British statesman." 'ills toast was drunk
amid enthusiastic cheering.
Mr. HULTON, however repulsive it might be to his feelings to
appear obtrusive, (" No, no, you're not,")had a toast to propose
which their worthy Chairman would feeldelicate in proposing
himself; it was the "Town and Trade of Rochdale. Their
Chairman came from that place ; it was justly celebrated for the
spirit and enterprise of its merchants. There was one opinion
which might occur, that it/night be better represented (applause.)
They seemed scrupulous to avoid notice of the members of the
reformed parliament—for the last twenty-five years he had
heard them given amidst great applause—this evening theta
had been nothing hut dumb show—it had been the practice,
and a very proper one, to give the representatives of the
towns adjoining—his friends for Warrington were silent—
it might have been possible that Mr. Horsfall, with that
candour belonging to him, would have given the members
for Liverpool. (Only one.) Is there any one who wishes to
propose the member for Warrington ?—those for South Lanca-
shire ? Any gentleman there for Wigan ? Are you silent ?
(Laughter.) He might speak to a set of automatons. Pro-
bably in those towns which returned two members both might
not be dishonest and worthless. Perhaps for Bolton there might
be one. (Laughter.) Probably there might be something re-
deeming in the town of Liverpool; and he spoke with great
humility, there was one, he thought, who deserved to be re-
turned. Reverting to Rochdale, that town of enterprise, he
hoped it would redeem its character by returning his friend
from it, and it would prevent what he considered the greatest
curse of the country—that of returning men totally unfit for the
representation—and show themselves deserving of the greatest
boon given them by a just God, and which should be the great-
est care of man.—‘"l'he town and Trade of Rochdale"was then
given amid tremendous cheering.
The CHAIRMAN in returning thanks said that at the election
for Rochdale he came forward, but did not then meet the sup-
port that he expected, but on the nexcoccasion he was prepared
to expect a very different result. He was not prepared to
speak of the trade of Rochdale, as he was wholly unconnected
with trade.
Here the call for Mr. ROBY became loud and general, and
that gentleman rose to say that there were two important mat-
ters in connection with these associations,—to wit objections
which had been made to political associations, and secondly
with regal d to their usefulness. Objections there might be; sup-
posing they were for the downfal of a just and equitable govern-
ment, or if they were for the purpose of establishing some
intolerable tyranny—should it be for the purpose of keeping in
their places a set of men traitors to their country, imueciles,
and wrongheads, foes to the best interests of the nation, then
these unions would be improper. In every case of union we
ought to look at the objects. If these are good, all the means
we can use, lawful and right, are not only our duty but our pri-
vilege. And what are our objects ? order and good go-
vernment, even letting our enemies be judges. To preserve the
institutions of our country unaltered and unimpaired. When,
in the history of our country, have Conservatives ever
fought against the rights and liberties of mankind? They
have fought against tyranny, and conquered.—(Load applause.)
They have fought against it in its two extremes, viz , the Pro-
pogandist democracy of France and the cruel despotism of Na-
poleon; and those are they whom a filthy, licentious press ac-
cuses of being leagued against liberty. Our attachment to
liberty we this day proclahn—not licentiousness, not that odious
thing which under her mask would throw down the altar and the
throne. Our cause is that of order and good government, under
whose influence alone true liberty and its blessings can exist.
Conservatism is the Thermopylm of our country ; and let
every one, as he loves that country, come forth to the battle,
and may God give the victory to right ! ' The usefulness of this
institution—is it nothing that we are ready—that time harness is
on our back, and our weapon girded ? Our battle shall be
against infidelity ; for when men have thrown off the alle-
giance of honour, they will never rest until they have thrown
! off the trammels of an earthly government. We would keep
unchanged the constitution of this realm, King, Lords, and
Commons. ConserVatives would keep the country from ruin ;
They have hitherto kept the war from our own shores, and our
' necks from foreign tyranny. Look at the conduct of the Whigs
when that war was in progress. Had their advice been listened
to, England would, at this moment, have beerka province of re,-
, volutiunary, bloody France. They have never forgiven Wel-
lington for giving the lie to their croaking prophecies, and their
measures are now unceasingly directed towards neutralizitig the
effects of his victories. To this end their alliance with France,
—their aid in the cause of revolutions, wherever it is in pro-
gress.—their war of protocols, &c.; and to this end they have
framed their beautiful reform bill, calling to the legislature, not
representatives of the people, but slaves of a democracy—slaves
by the new constitution called freemen—freemen, forsooth ! as
if freemen could be made by act of parliament. Mr. Roby here
I entered into a description of pledges, quoting a passage from
Burke with wonderful effect, Ile then adverted to the preseut

107

system of education ;;.: assuming a leeellinF character. When
~
men get a smattering of vtlueution,--does it. make them more
contented ? Unless their mural improvement keep. pace with
their intellectual culture, vice and corruption will only be
spread the wider by citsseminauon of knowledge.—Kuovrledge
is po..ver, hut, alas; 4.e,tree of knowledge is not the tree of
lite. The sehoormasLee is abroad, and iu the earliest history
we read, he then, too, vras rOiroad, and he d:ssenainated the
fruit of the tree of knowledge with a liberai h,-nd; and deeply
am [ deceived if the schoolmaster now let loose amongst us is
not from the seine academy. Education is an excellent thing,
but a dangerous weapon when ill directed. It is like putting a
tool iato t..e hands of a•nradinan. But, alas! here-we are; we
can only try to counteract the evil—we cannot root it out.
Conservatives must do their duty. Every day, every hour
should see them sowing the good seed, and never tear (or a crop,
and a good one too, next ear. Prom this handful of seed
there would be; he hoped, fifty, sixty, and a hundred fold But
whatever the result, let them do their duty, and may every
honest—every English heart say anien.
Mr. HEywowni cameo quite unprepared to do what he had
been. unexpectedly coiled upon to undertake. A friend had
intimated to him that it would be ingratitude of the deepest (lye
if they separated without remembering their good friend Lord
SandOn (Cheers); private friendship as well as political feeling
prompted him to the performance of this duty. In that vener-
ated nobleman they had the services of a- statesman, in whose
.heart resided a large portion of political honesty. He was the
enemy of the destructives, and at the same -time the friend of
the people. Men without either character or principle haft
been endeavouring to undermine the constitution—a con-
stitution which it had been the object of the world
to copy—a constitution that had grown up to matu-
rity and been perfected by a lapse of ages. .It was his
most cherished hope that the. King, Lords and Commons
would be preserved in all their purity. Although he had no
ambition to become• one of the aristocracy, nor hope of be-
coming one, still he loved that body as the means of raising
-them by the exercise of their talents and virtues, one above
another by the noblest incentives that could act upon the hu-
man mina. (Cheers.) He admired the peerage for their
hereditary rank, and for their general worth. They supported
the poor man, who repaid by reciprocating in the benefits con-
ferred and repaid by their support in turn. This was indeed
the cement of our social system.- ( Loud cheers.) After some
further observations, Mr. Heyworth concluded by proposing
the health of " Lord Sandon," which was most enthusiastically
drank, and,.followed by Burns' song of—" Willie brewed a
Peck o' Maut," arrapgad as a quartett, and beautifurly executed.
Mr. CLARE proposed the health of John Hodgson Kearsley,
Esq. who thanked the meeting for the compliment.
On the health of " The Mayor of Liverpool" being drank
with loud cheers,

Mr. ROBERT HonsrAla, regretted that his father was not
present to thank them in person, and that his brother, who
could do it so much more ably, was nit then in the room. He
begged to thank them most siucerely for kind feeling
towards his father, who, he was sure, would highly prize this
expression of their approbation of his conduct.
Glee—" The Greenland Hunters."

Sir THOMAS BRANCKER then said that although the blight of
reform had passed over Newton, still in his opinion they ought
not to value its prosperity the less, and more particularly as it
contained some of the soundest Tories in the county, among
whom they had to number his and their friends, Mr. White and
Mr. Moon, the Secretary and Treasurer of "The South Lanca-
shire Conservative Society."
Mr. CLARE proposed the Magistracy of the county of Lan-
caster; and the Chairman, as the senior magistrate present,
returned thanks for his brother magistrates.
Mr. FLETCHER proposed the health of Mr. Bolling, the mem-
ber for Bolton, which was drank with three times three.
• At this hour (half-past eleven) the company began to retire,
many of whom had come from considerable distances; but a
large number remained enjoying the convivialities of the
evening, in company with the Chairman, when we left the
room. In consequence of the number of tickets issued being
greater than the aining-room could contain, about forty to fifty
gentlemen dined in the anti-rooms and at the Leigh Arms.
These, as soon as the cloth was removed, were accommodated in
the great room.

SECOND E DITION.

Standard Office, Three o'clock.

We have just received the following communication
7rom Falmouth:—

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
" FA LMOUTH, Aug. 21, 1833.
" IMPORTANT MOVEMENT OF DON MIGUEL'S
FORCES TOWARDS LISBON.

" 11.M.8. Pantaloon, which arrived at this port from Lisbon
and Oporto this morning, brings news from the city up to the
13th. Accounts had reached the capital that Marshal Bour
moot had retired from Oporto, having sent off his troops in de-
tachments for several days previously, and with such secresy,
that the Pedroites at Oporto were not aware of the circumstance
until the last party drew from the field of action. Previously to
this important movement, the darshal was joined by several
French officers of great skill and bravery. The whole, consist-
ing of upwards of thirty thousand men, are on their march to
Lisbon, and, from the known determination of Bourmont, an
attack on the capital is doubtless their object. At Lisbon the
majority of the people were in entire ignorance of the approach
of the enemy; but the Government were on the alert, and had
removed the cannon from the fortresses and placed them on the
heights. They have also been actively engaged in forming a
volunteer corps for the ostensible object of protecting the city ;
but doubtlessly intended to be useful in case of an attack.
Count Villa Flor, with about 5000, was on the outskirts; but
the united forces which they can muster at Lisbon, are not
half the number of the Miguelite army. An embargo had been
laid on all vessels in the Tagus, and several English vessels
which brought out stores, &c. taken possession of. A general
amnesty had been decreed, and Don Pedro was doing all in
his power to make himself popular. Napier was refitting his
fleet.

"A loan had been called for, and a third exacted from the mer-
chants, who are beginning to think they will be placed much in
in the same situation as their brethren in Oporto, and wish Don
Pedro any where but in Lisbon.
"At Oporto, where the Pantaloon called on the 4th, the
people were not a little rejoiced that the Miguel forts had
ceased to annoy them; but Bou►mont having left a force in
possession of the forts at the entrance of the Douro, the place
is still blockaded, and the vessels off the bar are unable to enter.
" The story of the Miguelites destroying the wine at Villa
Nova is a fabrication."

(FROM ANOTHER CORRESPONDENT.)
" FALMOUTH, August 21, 1833.
_ .

" By the Pantaloon, Lieutenant Dacres, which arrived this
morning front Lisbon, We have received intelligence from that
Capital to the 13th instant. In the evening of the 12th, it was
made known to the government that a junction had been formed
at Santarem,- by Marshal Bourmont, with General Molellos and
Viscount Santarem. The constitutionalists, it is said, were
taken by surprise ; at all events, General Villa Flor immedi-
ately marched with 5,0(k) men to oppose the united Miguelite
army, consisting of from 25 to 30,000.
" In the event of Lisbon being attacked, the British resi-
dents, with their effects, will be protected on board the British
men-of-star.

We have no further news from Oporto."

CORN EXCHANGE.

FRIDAY, Two O'CLOCK.

To-day we have had a brisk market, and an extensive
business has been done with speculators and dealers in
Wheats at an advance of 4d. to 6d. on Tuesday's prices.
A large quantity of Canada has been disposed of at Bs.
4d. to Bs. 6d. for red, and 9s. 3d. to. 9s. Bd. for white.
Red Irish has brought is. 9d. to Ss., and prime North of
Ireland is held at Bs. 3d., which has been got for small
lots. A fair business has been done in other articles.
Oats are .7% d. to Id. dearer, Oatmeal 6d. to Is., and Irish
Flour fully Is. There are .inquiries for American sour
Flour and foreign Wheat, in bond, and sales of the latter
are reported, the particulars of which have not transpired.
The quantity of free Wheat disposed of since Tuesday is
very considerable, on account a unsettled Weather, and
increasing rumours of a defeetiVe'crop...

COTTON MARKET.
FRIDAY, Two O'CLOCK.

There is not much doing in Cotton this morning,
though a considerable number of buyers are in the
market, who are waiting the arrival of the Packet Ship
of the Ist instant, the accounts by which may, very pro-
bably, give an additional impetus to demand, and con-
sequent improvement of price.
