.INHE count..

The Quern, accompanied by Prince George of Cambridge,
find attended by her Ladies inVititing. the Lord Chamberlain,
and the Master of the Horse. honoured the performances at
Covent-garden Theatre, on. FA iday evening, with -bet presence.
Her Majesty and suite arrived at the royal entrance (where a
guard of honotir was on duty;) 'Soon after seven •
•- .The, King gave audiences on Fiiday to the Duke of Dorset
and Sir Edward Parry.•
His Majesty took an airing 'ell Friday in Hyde Park, and
visited the Princess Sophia at her residence in 'Kensington
Palace. . _

The Landgravine of. 'Hesse lloatbuig. and. the Ptineess
Augusta dined with their Majesties on Thursday evening at
St. James's.
Her Majesty will hohritdrawing-rddm 6'n' Thursday,' the sth
instant.

THE OLDHAM-STREtT‘6IIAPEI., MANCHESTER.

•
This case, which . bas caused. great • irterest; came •on for
argument in the. ViCe Chancellor's court, on Saturday morn-
ing. The court was crowded to excess.
S'ir.C. Wetherell stated that it 'was an application to restrain
the Rev. Robert Newton from preaching .or performing the
dutie& of, rastor to the cringregatain of methodists assembling '
for worship at Oldham-street Chapel, Morndiester: The
appli-
cation was made at the instance of the Rev.. Dr. Warren, who
had been removed from that' office 1W- resolutions passed at a
" Special District Meeting," held .for.lhe ' purpose of consider-
ing certain charges brought against the Doctor, in consequence
of his publishing a painphlet, which'it was alleged was 'Calculated
to bring the tenets of the Wesleyanreligion into contempt. The
defendant,was one of the trustees of-the chapel, and. he, in con-
junction•with ' the trustees, ' had, in consequence of the
resolutions of the " District Meeting," closed the pulpit against
Dr. Warren, and appointed the Reverend Robert :Newten to
succeed' him. The learned counsel then went into a detail of
thelorms; rules, and regulations" which the methodist Connec7
Lion adopted fur their rule of government, from which he con:
tended, 'that a' district meeting had no power or authority to
remove .Dr.. Warren, and lie therefore hoped" the court would
interfere. _ , .

Mr. Knight followed on the same silo. Further arguMents
were adjourned.. The ease is iikety to oi!6ipy tiro oriliree days.

TO THE EDITOR OF TIIE LIVERPOOL STANp.O,D,

Stn,—l have read your various remarks upon the subject of
the institutions' of the United States with much pleasure, and
having been myself a resident for, /some vears in America, I can
bear an honest testimony to the correctness of the data and faCts
upon which your reasonings are.for the most part founded, and
to the justice uf your genera! conclusions: Were vont:opinions
in want of any fresh currQborations, these would, I thick, be fur-
nished in plentiful abundance by the inaugural address of I]lo-
vernor lki'Dutlie to the -staterUf South Carolina I was much
astonished. to,.find -that that really remarkable docutheut had
escaped your observation, and it is only for the purpose of ie-
rallineyotir notiee.to it, Mr. Editor, that so humble an indi-
vidual as the writer has addressed you; • •'
We have been repeatedly told by the radicals, with worthy
Mr.-Joseph Hums and Dan (Y'Conpell at their' head, that Ame-
rica has no standing4riny. AS to the advantage of this in-that
land of brotherly kindness, what says the governor? ..Why, the
great part of his purpose'iS to prove 'the necessity of every pe;•-•
son capable of bearing arms, being regularly enrolled in batta-
lions and accustomed to military tactics! this being the' only
means to preserve their liberties! But who,, think you, Mr. Edi-
tor, is the enemy they are called to prepare to repel? You
may, doubtless, fancy the French are meant, since we ,have
lately heard so much of war and "battle 'gainst the Gothi;"
but -no, the foe is nearer than the French,—that foe the
Northern States. Is it not ludicrous, Mr. Editor, to hear this?:
only fancy the sheriff of Lancaster denouncing the sheriff-
of York, and urge us again to oppose the white rose ;lend;
you will more properly understand thesuperiority of his excel-t
lency.
Again, 'Mr. Editor, what does his said excellency say of the
united constitution of the states.? Ciedith increduli! ' It is a
blotted, blurred, worthless piece of wasted parchment.' (I quote
from' Menforyo Whit clues he say of slavery ! "It is the
chatter'of their liberties!"' And what does he say of the boaited
abolition of it. in our colonies by the defunct whips? He, calls
it "an act conceded !to ignorant clamour, by which :we have
consented to ruin and depopulate our foreign possesSions!"
Seriously. Mr. Editor, are not these opinions, promulgated
from an official station, worthy of attention !. Are we to disre-
gard • these evidences of the real 'condition! of a land which
strangers pronounce to be -all peaceful, 'and! the institutions Of
which they declare perfect, but which its most distinguished ci-
tizens declare the former to 'be approaching anarchy, and the
latter worthless! Should we seek to change stability for feeble-
ness, and power for impotence ! From America let us take
warning ; let us-be deterred; not seduced by her example 0.
I mite in great haste, Mi. Editor, but pray give me a corner
for these lines. ANGLICUS.
