TELEGRAPH OFFICE, DECEMBER 28.

Wind at Holyhead, W.N.W., blowing fresh.
In the New Channel, at 12 Li a.m., No. 437, Amelia, 8.8
from the Mediterranean.

EXTENSION OF THE COTTON TRADE AT PRESTON.—We
have been given to understand, that, in the course of the en-
suing spring and summer, several new cotton factories will
be erected in the immediate vicinity of this town. We know
that land has been already purchased for three or four on a
somewhat extensive scale, and it is, we are informed, highly
probable that considerably more than this number will be in
the course of erection before the expiration of next year. We
have thus a prospect of adding in an important degree to the
population, and we hope to tine prosperity also, of the town.
—Preston Chronicle.
STATE OF TRADE.—Yesterday being Christmas Day, the
usual weekly market is held to day • and we are, therefore,
precluded from stating its general character. We may ob-
serve, however, that the continued advance in cotton has
begun to alarm the foreign buyers of Yarn, who bought
sparingly towards the conclusion of the shipping season, in
the expectation of a decline. Towards the conclusion of last
week, some rather extensive purchases were made by two or
three foreign houses, and there is a decided tendency to an
advance in prices. In goods there is no material change.—
Manchester Guardian.
ASTONISHING QUANTITY OF GAME KILLED —On Tues-
day, the 13th lust., Charles Scarisbrick, Esq., accompanied
by Sir Henry B. Hoghton, entered his coverts and game
preserves, at Wrightington Hall, about half after ten in the
morning, for the purpose of enjoying the sport of rabbit
shooting, and continued to enjoy that sport till half after
four iu the afternoon, making six hours' actual sport. In
this space of time they killed 959 head of game out of 1,007
shots, making 18 ineffective shuts. The game killed coo-
sisted of 985 rabbits, 3 pheasants, and 1 hare.— Wigan Gaz.
SIR GEORGE CIERK.—We observe a paragraph copied
from an English radical newspaper (the Stamford Mercury)
by some of our contempories, professing to report what Sir
George Clerk, member for Stamford, is alleged to have ad-
dressed to his constituents respecting the probability of a
change of administration, and the return of Sir Robert Peel
and the conservatives to office. We are authorised to state,
that what is alleged in that paragraph concerning the hon.
baronet's visit to Stamford, and what he is repotted to have
sass there, is utterly void of foundation.—Edinettegh Adv.
LIMIT OF SPEED ON itAILWAYS.—Dr. Ladner has dis-
covered by experiments recently made On the Liverpool and
Manchester railway, that the ntinosphere is en opt-mulct. to
railway speed more formidahls titan has ever been suspected.
At thirty-two miles an hour, the resistance it offers is nearly
80 per cent. of all that the steam power has to encounter,
and it increases in a proportion so enormously greater than
the speed, that there is not the slightest possibility of any
such velocity of transit being gained as some (and among
them none more ardently than Dr. Lardner himself) have
anticipated. It is ascertained that even forty miles an hour
cannot be maintained except at a cost which amounts practi-
cally to a prohibition.
NAUTICAL MILLINERY.—Seamen are not only indebted
to the fair sex for many of their " terms of art," but also to
the " modites" of the land, for much of the knowledge
essential to seamanship. For example, no man can " handle
his needle," and execute with precision every possible
" stitch," from the " herring-bone" to the " double seam."
He must also be able to " gore"—" cut upon the bias"—
" taughten his stays"—" pass an ear ring," and " clap a
bonnet on his jib." In the last particular, Jack, who often
reverses matters, differs with the ladies of the land ; he
" claps" his bonnet on the " foot," instead of the head of
his jib.—Captain Glascock's Land Sharks and Sea Gulls.
GLOUCESTER CONSERVATIVE UNION AsSocIATION.—The
fifth annual dinner of this association took place on Friday
(St. Thomas's day) at the New Inn, and whether we regard
the number assembled, or the spirit displayed throughout the
evening, it was one of the most gratifying and enthusiastic
meetings that has taken place on any similar occasion.
Shortly after five o'clock upwards of 400 sat down to a most
substantial dinner of roast and boiled beef, plum pudding,
&c. &c., provided by Mr. and Mrs. Hvett, to whom much
credit is due for their excellent arsangements. The great
room not being sufficiently commodious to contain so large a
number, tables were laid in two other rooms, the parties in
which joined their friends after dinner.— Gloucester Chronicle.
THE CHASE.—GAME OF A Fox HOUND.—On Thursday
se'ennight, the Pantykeudy fox hounds found a fox at Pen-
town cliffs, and after a short burst ran him into a drain in
Mr. Mear's lawn, at Llanstephan Place, which runs in a
distance of five or six hundred yards under the garden wall.
Not being able to find the head of the drain, a favourite tittle
bitch, named Leda, remained in—she sticking to her game,
and could not be got out. [however, on _Monday last, the
bitch and a fine dog were found lying " nose to nose," where
the former had kept close to him, though these was sufficient
room for her to have come out, had she been so inclined. On
finding friends near, she bolted him into a box at the mouth
of the drain; and they are alive and well, both of them, to
give another day's sport.—Carnarvon Herald.
BucEtarsGs.—A new method of curing herrings, under the
denomination of bucklings, has been recently introduced into
this town, which we have little hesitation in saying is likely
to be attended with complete success. We understand the
same method of curing is practised in the northern part of
Germany, where the consumption of these bucklings is very
great. They are so prepared as to render further cookery su-
perfluous, and, by the delicacy of their flavour, the richness
and mellowness will afford a most agreeable variety to the
breakfast or luncheon table. They only require, in our opi-
nion, to be more generally known to command that sale
which they so decidedly' merit, being infinitely wort piquante
than the Yarmouth herrings, which they are, to a great ex-
tent, we may predict, destined to supersede.—Lancaster
Guardian,
ACCIDENT ON THE BOLTON RAILWAY.— Yesterday week,
as the eleven o'clock train was on its way to this town from
Bolton, one of the first-class carriages lost a wheel. The
guard was aware of the accident, but was unable to convey
the information to the engineer, and the train went on at a
rapid speed to the botiem of the incline at Clifton. The
train going the other way met at this period, and perceiving
that something was-wrong, a signal was given ; but before
the train could be stopped. the carriages were thrown off the
line. We are glad to say that no one sustained any personal
injury. After half an hour's delay, the train proceeded.
Had the carriages been thrown eff where the wheel was lost
they would probably have alighted in the canal.—Manchester
Guardian.
WORKING OF THE POOR-LAW BILL—The late overseer of
the poor for the township of Little Bolton, offered a premium
(previous to the poor-law amendment act coining into opera-
tion) to all persons who informed him of any woman who was
in a pregnant state, and unmarried, and whose child was
likely to be born a bastard, and the number that was entered
in the overseers' book, from 1824 to 1834 (the commencement
of the poor-law amendment act) was 129. The number,
therefore, that have been registeied in the said township, in
the register book of births, From May, 1838, up to this date,
is 10. being an increase of nearly five to one. An application
was made on Thursday last at the overseers' office, Little
Bolton, by a woman far advanced in pregnancy of her fourth
illegitimate child One of her children is now in the work-
house.—Bolton Chronicle.
EXTRAORDINARY ATTACHMENT OF A DOG.—On the day
after the last Bawtry fair, a bay puny was found grazing in a
field near Austerfield, and continued there during a space of
several days, attended by a dog of the bull breed. The dog
would not allow any one to remove or molest the pony; and
it was only by taking other horses in,o the field, and driving
them and the pony together, that it was secured, and confined
in the Austerfield !Unfold, followed by its faithful guardian,
the dog. At the end of two days, the pony died; but the dog
still continued to prevent any person from removing it. On
the fourth day, however, the dog was enticed, by gising hint
food, to leave the dead pony for a short while; and a rope
was then fastened to the pony's neck, by which it was dragged
to a more convenient place. The carcase was skinned, and.
afterwards bulled; and the dog followed it to the grave, after
having guarded the pony about fifteen days. Nothing- has
been heard of the owner of them. The faithful dog is yet in
Austerfield, in the possession of Mr. stephen Parker.—
,Do acaster Gaze:te.
NEW FASHIONED SPEAKING TRUMPET.--A powerful
searing trumpet has been lately invented : it is constructed so
is to s acid upon a table, and receive the voices of persons in
he romp, which it magnifies to an extraordinary degree
rhe power of the instrument is thus described by toe Inver'.
or :—" I placed the soniferon at the end of a room sixty fee'
n length, at the other extremity of which two persons were.
a low conversatinn. As long as I continued ti bold the tube
a my ear, I could hear every word they sa it to each other;
ut the moment I removed it, I was only sensible of a murmur
f voices without distinguishing a e." To an experi-
aenter not deaf, the effects of the instrument are by no means
'omfortable, as every word falls with the low of a black-
mith's hammer; and in addition thereto, it makes the cal
ing with noises that no other person perceives.

In consequence of the late Post-office regulations, the.
LIVERPOOL STANDARD is now dispatched by the
Mail which leaves at half past Two o'clock in the
morning for London, Birmingham, M anchester,
This arrangement renders it necessary that Adver-
tisements should be sent to the Office before Eight
o'clock on Monday and Thursday evenings.

Vie ilibtrpool

FRIDAY MORNING, DEC. 28, 1838.

THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA.—By the packet
ship Independence, Captain Nye, which arrived here
on Monday night, we have received New York papers
to the 7th instant, inclusive, being only one day later
than those brought by the Liverpool. The American
citizens seem to be engrossed with their own affairs
since the sitting of Congress. Up to the departure of
the Independence no vessel had arrived from England
since the Sheffield, which was entering the port when
the Liverpool left. The rate of exchange at New
York was 10 per cent. premium.

The Courier and Inquirer contains a string of re-
solutions, introduced into Congress on the 4th instant,
by Mr. Adams, in relation to the conduct of the Ame-
rican minister at the Court of Great Britain, Mr.
Stevenson, touching his correspondence, a few months
since, with Mr. O'Connell. These resolutions con-
template the appointment of a committee with antho•
city to send for persons and papers, to ascertain whe-
ther Mr. Stevenson has been engaged in any such
controversy, and what were its circumstances. The
avowed object of the proposed inquiry is, to learn
whether Mr. Stevenson has " violated the duties of his
office as ambassador, the laws of peace, the laws of the
land to which he was an accredited minister, or the
privileges of the House of Commons in the person of
one of its members." The resolutions were laid on
the table, by a vote of 140 to 57. They are not ex-
pected to pass in their present shape. The question
of the abolition of slavery would, of course, become
involved in considering the charges against Mr. Ste-
venson. This was, no doubt, the express object of
Mr. Adams in moving the resolutions. From the
known pertinacity of Mr. Adams there is every rea-
son to believe that he will persevere in pressing the
inquiry.

The Ametican papers declare that numerous defal-
cations are daily discovered among the officers ap-
pointed by Van Buren. The latest, that has excited
any sensation, was the instance of William Price, a
late district attorney, who came over in the Liverpool.
A letter which he left behind, addressed to the Presi-
dent, indicates an ability to adjust his accounts with
the government satisfactorily. It is now apprehended
that the defalcations exposed and to be exposed, that
have °centred under the administration of General
Jackson, will amount to from ten to twenty millions of
dollars.

The capital of Pennsylvania—Harrisburgli, is de-
scribed as being in a state of complete anarchy, in
consequence of a double organisation of the state le-
gislature—both parties claiming, in many instances,
a majority for their respective candidates. The go-
vernor was calling out the militia, and the seat of go-
vernment was in possestion of a mob.

The news from Canada is somewhat important.—

The IVery York Morning Herald of the 7th gives the
following intelligence from Montreal :—" We learn,
through a private channel, from Montreal, that the
Russian Consul, of Boston, on a visit to the forme]
city, has been arrested by the public authorities of
Lower Canada, on a charge of instigating the late re-

hellion in that province, and of aiding and abetting
the insurrectionists in their movements. The Consul,
it seems, has several children attending a convent or

seminary there, for their education. On a visit to see
them, the arrest in question was made. The evidence
on which this proceeding was based was information
communicated to the Canadian authorities by a certain
Baron Prattelin, who was announced the other day as

having arrived there in the same boat with the corm
mon hangman. It is possible that this event has some
connection with the recent adjournment of the court
martial." There can be no doubt that many similar
circumstances will shortly transpire of a nature di-
rectly to implicate Russia in the recent attack of the
frontier mercenaries. It remains to he seen what step
the government of this country may think proper to
adopt in reference to this fresh intrigue on the part of
Russia. But whatever may be the conduct of the whig
ministry in this matter, in which our national honour
is so deeply involved, we feel confident that the subject
will undergo a searching inquiry in the British Par-
liament.

We learn from Upper Canada that the inhabitants
along shore from Amherstburgh to Windsor were con-
s►derably alarmed in consequence of the threatened
invasion of their soil by a large number of brigands,
who were congregated somewhere among the islands

in the lakes, or on the American frontier. The Sand-
wich Herald of November 27 has the following:—

" As we stated in our last, General Brady, of the
United States army, left Detroit on Monday, in order
to disperse the ruffians said to have assembled at Put-

in-Bay ; that gallant veteran returned on Wednesday,
btinging in tow a "patriot" schooner laden with
arms, &c. &c., which were found somewhere about
Gibraltar. On their arrival at Detroit a civil process
was immediately instituted by the pirates for the re-
covery of their property. The sheriff was, of course,
obliged to do his duty, and serve the process; but, be-
hold, General Brady, with a spirit cf determination
worthy of his high and honourable character, placed
an armed force and a field-piece on or near the vessel,
and personally dared them, sheriff and all, to lay a
hand upon it. The consequence of the general's man-

interference in support of the honour of his coun-

try was, that the arms were safely secured in the go-
vernment arsenal, and the pirate schooner scuttled and
sunk. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Gene
ral Brady and his spirited adjuncts, the Brady Guards,
who have all, on this occasion, merited the good will
and esteem of every friend to good order and the su-
premacy of the laws. The steam-boat Constitution,
Captain Appleby, left Detroy on Friday, with about
three hundred patriots, but it is not yet known where
they went to. It was rumoured here on Sunday that
they had landed with additional force, at Round 0, on
Lake Erie—too good news to be true. Captain Ap-
pleby was the commander of the steam-boat Caroline
when she was attacked, taken, and destroyed, by or-
der of Colonel M'Nab."
There was a destructive fire in the lower town of
Quebec on the 30th ult., which destroyed forty-five
buildings.

The habeas corpus question at Quebec has taken
another turn. The counsel for the pt isoner, it appears,

having a suspicion that Mr. Young, the superinten-
dent of the police, had possession of him, sued out a
writ of habeas corpus directed to that officer, to which

he returned that he had not the man in his custody.
This return was deemed insufficient, and a warrant
was issued against Mr. Young for contempt of court,
which was to be argued on the 30th alt.
The Montreal Herald of the 2nd inst. contains the
following intelligence :—" Yesterday, about sixty or
seventy rebels were brought into town from Beauhai
nois, under charge of Sir Hew Dalrymple and a de-
tachment of the 71st regiment. They had three pieces
of artillery, strongly hooped with iron, and are about
the most manly batch of prisoners yet brought into
town, being principally composed of young able-bodied
men. The notorious Jean Baptiste Bousquet, of St.
Cesaire, was also brought into town yesterday by
Captain Colman, who reports ail continues quiet in
the parish of Chambly, and that upwards of 80 stand
of arms have been delivered over to Major Colman,
15th regiment, the present commandant, by the cute.
the Rev. Mr. Migault, through whose praiseworthy
exertions the habitans were induced to surrender them.
The evidence for the prosecution before the court-
martial closed yesterday, and to-day the evidence for
the defence will be commenced."

From Texas we have the following alarming intel-
ligence :—" A letter was received at Honstoun on the
17th of November, dated at San Antonio the 14!h,
which reports the alarming intelligence that the Cn-
inanche Indians were gathering in large bodies in

hat neighbourhood."
From South America we have only the following
.xtract from a letter dated Guayaquil!, August 31:—
Political affairs in Peru have a very distressing- as-
pect. By a vessel yesterday from Payta we learn that

the Chillan expedition had taken Callao, sunk the
Peruvian corvette Socobaya, and captured the frigate
Congresso. When Orbegoso effected the revolution

of the 28th of July, the Bolivian troops and two bat-
talions of the Peruvian remained firm to the Protector,
and marched off from Lima, leaving Orbegoso to battle
the watch with the Chilians. Lima is in a dreadful
state—business entirely suspended, and the custom-
house closed. The American squadron, Commodore
Ballard, was at Callao on the 15th. We are all quiet
here, thanks to the prudence of President Rocafuerte
in keeping clear of the quarrel between Chili and
Peru."

Since the above was written New York papers to
the 9th instant have reached Liverpool by the transit
ship Hibernia, which sailed two days after the Inde-
pendence. From these we have confirmatory accounts
of the riots at Harrisburg!), the capital of Pennsylva-
nia. We insert the accounts in another column, and
would direct the attention of our re4ders to them as
an additional illustration of the "blessings" of a re-
publican form of government.

THE ROMANISiNG "TRACTS FOR THE TIMES."—In
another column will be found the first part of an ela-
borate article, which is to appear in the forthcoming
number of the Church of England Quarterly Re-
view, exposing the errors, and, we might add, the pal-
pable heresies of the authors of those notorious pub-
lications the "'Tracts for the Times." The whole of
this admirable article has been published in the Times.
We shall give the conclusion in our next publication.
We are sorry that we have been compelled to express
the Greek quotations by English characters—having
no suitable type for the purpose. This will not, of
course, detract anything from the force of the reason.
ing, as the words must be perfectly familiar to the
learned student in theology.
We heartily rejoice that,•the very dangerous tenets
advocated by Dr. Pusey, and his fellow-labourers for
the resuscitation of Popery in England, have, at
length, attracted the attention of the leading journals
of the metropolis, which have bestowed upon them a
suitable castigation. The Times, the Morning tie-
rald, the Standard, the St. James's Chronicle, the
Record, and several other papers of high character,
have animadverted upon the doctrines broached in the
publications of this semi Popish school in terms of se-
vere condemnation. Even the John Bull has admit-
ted several articles repudiating these heretical writ-
ings; whilst the whole of the provincial press in the
Conservative interest, with three solitary and inglori-
ous exceptions, have joined most cordially in deprecat-
ing the progress of this fresh and alarming schism in
our. venerable Church. The Church of England
Quarterly Review, a periodical of the highest stand-
ing for deep erudition and critical research, but which
we had long suspected of a leaning towards the Pu-
seyites, has nobly vindic..ted its character, as an able
and uncompromising advocate of the primitive faith of
our PROTESTANT Church, by the publication of the
conclusive article to which we have referred. It will
be perused with great interest by all who are anxious
for the preservation of our national church in the in-
tegrity of its faith and discipline—by all who wish to
avert from this nation the direful curses which are en-
tailed upon all who have any participation in advan-
cing the supremacy of the Papacy—by all who feel
that the happiness and prosperity of Great Britain are
intimately identified with the glorious cause of PRO-
TESTANT ASCENDANCY.

The Church of England Quarterly Review is not,
however, the only magazine that has taken the field
against Pusey ism. The Christian Observer has long
and successfully combated this new-(angled system of

Popery. The Christian Guardian has also been dis-
tinguished for its energetic opposition to the "Oxford
Tracts." Of the wore secular periodicals the Quar-
terly Review, Blackwood's Magazine, and Fraser's

Magazine, have severally indulged in remarks highly

condemnatory of the same publications. .Fraser, in
particular, has done eminent service to the cause of
Protestantism by its manly and unaccommodating ex-

positions of the Popish tendencies of the " Tracts fur
the Ti-nes." We sincerely rejoice to find so distin-
guished and so talented an organ of Conservatism, as
Fraser's Magazine must be acknowledged to be, em-
barked in so hallowed a cause as the defence of our
Protestant Church from the furtive attacks of her je-
suitical children. Great as are th►e dangers to be ap-
prehended from the more open encroachments of Po-
pery, there is infinitely greater danger from the secret
tmehiontions of those who would gradually, but sub-
stantially, assimilate the services and discipline of the
Church of England to those of the apostate Church
of Rome, and thus securely, though silently, pave the
way for the future ascendancy of the foredoomed spi-
ritual Babylon.

With such a host of examples before us we cannot

refrain any longer from rendering our humble assist-
ance in rooting out from amongst us the detestable and
anti-Protestant tenets of the Puseyite school of theo-
logy. We have long felt it to be our duty to expose
the dangers to which our Church is threatened from
the prevalence of these doctrines. These are not times

in i.vhich it is sufficient that we should bear a cold, dry,
and foi mai testimony to the excellency of our national
church. Assailed as she is by the anomalous con-
federacy of Papists, Dissenters, and Infidels—all

anxiously watching every opportunity of inflicting
injury upon her—it is more especially needful that we
should guard against internal foes—against the most
dangerous, because less suspected enemies of the
Establishment.

History informs us that, at no distant period, the
pulpits of the Church of England were, in numberless

in tances, occupied by Jesuits in disguise, labouring
assiduously for the subversion of Protestanism. The
same wily spiritual tacticians found their way into
our Universities, and craftily insinuated their Popish
dogmas under the garb of Protestant Professors. Nor
were the Dissenting pulpits free from the like intru-
sion of Popish emissaries. We do not mean posi-
tively to assert that there are members of the college
of Jesuits now ministering in the Church of England,
though we frankly confess that. we have very strong
suspicions that such is the case. That there are Jesuits
among the professedly Dissenting ministers sse have

she strongest and most confident belief. The recent
aspect of Dissenters in reference to the Church justi-

es onr assertion. At the same time it is a well known

fact that the avowed Jesuits, in the Romanist profes-
sion, were never more actively employed in prepar-
ing the way for the conversion of the people of this
kingdom to Popery than they are at the present mo-
ment. Under these circumstances we feel imperatively
called upon to sound the alarm, and to call upon all
who call themselves Protestants to unite against the
encroachments of Popery, even though it should appear
amongst us in the assumed array of an angel of light.
Although the animadversions of the Church of
England Quarterly Review, together with those of
the other periodicals and journals which have attacked

Puseyism, have been hitherto principally directed
against the " Tracts of the Times," it is by no means
to be inferred that those obnoxious publications are
the only works in which the Puseyite doctrines are
developed and advocated. There are many hundreds
of divines in the Church of England, numbering
amongst them many of the dignitaries of the Church,
and more than one of the recently created Whz;sr, bishops,
who are equally zealous in labouring for the promul-
gation of the semi Popish tenets of the Puseyites.
The danger is, therefore, far more extended than
might have been inferred from the circumstance that
Puseyism has hitherto been chiefly attacked thiough
the medium of critiques upon the " Tracts for the
Times." We shall be able to show, before we quit the
subject, that the ramifications of this new heresy are
spreading in all directions around us; nay we shall be
grieved to prove that the diocese of Chester itself—
distinguished as it is, almost above all others, for the
learning, zeal, and piety of its clergy—is not altoge-
ther free from the leaven of Popery.
Before we proceed any further with our remarks we
shall introduce a few observations, pertinent to the
subject, from our contemporaries the Standard and
Mor►►ing Herald. I❑ reference to the article from the
Church of England Quarterly Review the Standard
has the following observations :
" The authors of the Romanising' Tracts,' for
the Times,' (we beg that this or some other signifi-
cant title may be substituted for the honoured name of
Oxford,' in speaking of these silly and mischievous
publications) have greatly mistaken the motives of the
iorbearance with which they have Ifeen indulged, if
they suppose that approbation of, or even connivance
at, their heresy has had any place among them. An
unwillingness to engage with questions even remotely
connected with► theological discussion has doubtless
had great influence in restraining the press from treat-
ing the tract writers as they deserve—an unwilling-
ness 'to expose the nakeduess of tte land,' has for-

bidden those most attached to the Church from gibbet-
ing the errors of men who, however inconsistently
(fraudulently would be scarcely, too strong a word)
hold the station of Church of England clergymen,
while a compassionate feeling for those whom most
people like and yet abuse,' a compassionate feeling for
coxcombs, has had its part in protecting these vain
lively, eccentric, quaint retailers of paradox. For-
bearance has, however, been, perhaps, carried too
far. The extraordinary speech of Lord Spencer's
apostate brother, reported in the Romanist journals,
and copied into yesterday's Standard, proves the ex
tent to which the Popish party are encouraged by the
activity and impunity of the Romanising Protestants.
and the encouragement of the Popish party is in every
aspect a serious thing; for let the slightest ray of
hope but open to that party, and all its tremendous
machinery of intrigue, conspiracy, and crime, will be
put into as active operation as in the sixteenth and
seventeenth centuries. On the other side, the politi
cal Dissenters, who are never very scrupulous as to
the means to which they resort for injuring the Esta-
blished Church—though themselves leagued with
Popery in the strongest bonds—do not hesitate to
charge the Popish lapses of the two or three tract-
mongers, upon the whole body of the Church of Eng-
land clergy.
" These considerations have at length extorted a
protest from more than one of the most distinguished
divines of the Church, and of those publications
chiefly calculated for theological readers."
When the Standard designates the Puseyites as
" two or three tract-mongers" we think it expresses
itself unadvisedly. The tenets in question, as we have
already stated, are strenuously maintained—to their
shame be it mentioned—by hundreds of the clergy of
the Church of England; nor is their advocacy confined
to the " Tracts for the Times." The press has been
literally teeming for the last three or four years with
elaborate works in which the same doctrines are pro-
minently brought before the public. To some of these
we shall hereafter advert. The Standard, after quot-
ing from the Church of England Quarterly Review,
proceeds :

"We have, we think, copied enough to show, that
the tract-mongers are Romanists in almost all but the
name, as far as their creed goes, and that, in repre-
senting the distribution of the Scriptures, and impos-
ing silence on the pulpit, they are doing their utmost
to serve the present interests of Popery. We lately
met in a newspaper which is not ashamed to lend itself
to the service of this sect, and to stigmatise as
Church bigots' all who will not engage in the same
service, a long letter against building preaching-
houses' instead of gorgeous temples, and raising the
' abominations' of pulpits and reading desks in lieu of
great brass birds. In this letter the writer expressed
his indifference as to where the pulpit should be fixed,
or as to there being any pulpit. This is the spirit of
the sect ; they would reduce the whole of the religious
service into those formalities, which, though decent
and necessary adjuncts to the worship in spirit and
truth,' enjoined by the Gospel, would, by themselves,
constitute no religion whatever. The tract-mongers
might satisfy themselves with a church to be served by
an automaton clergy—the 'cast-iron parsons' proposed
by one of Mr. Thistlewood's accomplices. It was not
thus that the Christian poet thought of the uses of the
pulpit.
The pulpit therefore (and I name it filled
With solemn awe, that bids me well beware
With what intent I touch the holy thing)
The pulpit when the Satirist has at last
(Strutting and vapouring in an empty school)
Spent all his force and made no proselyte—
I say the pulpit, in the sober use
Of its legitimate peculiar power
Must stand acknowledged while the world shall stand,
The most important and effectual guard,
Support, and ornament of Virtue's cause;
There stands the messenger of truth—there stands
The legate of the skies—his theme divine
His office sacred, his credentials clear;
By him the violated law speaks out
It; thunders, and by him, in strains as sweet
As angels use, the Gospel whispers peace;
He 'stablishes the strong—restores the weak—
Reclaims the wanderer—binds the broken heart;
And armed himself in panoply complete
Of heavenly temper, furnishes with arms
Bright as his own; and trains by every rule
Of holy discipline to glorious war
The sacramental host of God's elect."
Such is 'the abomination' of the Romanising tract
writers.

" We have now discharged a necessary, but a very
distasteful task. We have little fear, however, that
we shall have often to recur to it : the sect will never
make formidable way, and the most that can be re-
quired is to acquit the Church of giving it any coun-
tenance, and to disabuse the Romanists of the opinion
that their auxiliary is likely ever to possess any influ-
ence."

THE "LAY CHURCHMAN" OF THE ALBION.—The
anonymous ass, whom we reluctantly condescended

to notice in our publication of Friday last, has, we
observe, been emboldened to amuse himself and the
public—suo pretio—with a few more of his nasal
notes, through that favoured organ, the Albion. Still
imagining himself "pelle Leonis indutus," enve-
loped in the formidable and imposing tegument of
signature, " A Lay Churchman," his innate obtuse-
ness and stupidity render him incapable of remarking
the loud guffaw bursting from all quarters at him,
while the exclamation is as general as it is true—
" 21Tomen, et preterea nilcil !"
We, however, are free to confess, that had this long
eared animal been as rude iskly disposed in his for-
mer, as he is anxious to appear in his present, tilt
against our local clergy, we might have mistaken—
no, no—impossible! No one, acquainted with the
first principles of natural history, could possibly mis-
take the " ignarus asinus"—with head and tail equally
pendent, and as admirably depicted in the Albion—
for the majestic lion, from head to other extremity
erect, and with eye and voice ingenuously indicative
of his real title and character.

It is not for tl►e purpose of following that despicable
creature througl► all his vagaries and doublings, that

we once more " cast a look over our shoulder" at him :
were it so, we would richly deserve to be pointed at
as "asinus asinwn fricans"—a notoriety and dis-

tinction we have not the emulous spirit to court, how
ever naturally it may come to the present object of
our notice. But whatever disinclination we may feel

to comfort the brute by friction—(the few wholesome
stripes we inflict on his tough hide serve only to
quicken his drowsy intellect)—we have no reluctance
to come forward to rescue the monarch's skin from
degrading contact with the asinine back. In our
former article on this subject, we are pleased to learn,
we fully succeeded in doing so, to the satisfaction of
true lay Churchmen ; but, should any gentle reader
still feel sceptical as to the identity of character we so
happily succeeded in giving, we need only refer him
to the animus pervading "A Lay Churchman's" last
letter, to see all the lineaments fully and faithfully
developed,—the only difference being, that darker
.shades of depravity and venom distinguish it. He
presume to style himself "A Lay Churchman," who
would insidiously endeavour to sow dissension in the
sanctuary ? Monstrous! He have the assurance to
assume the name of " A Lay Churchman," who dares
to designate as " locusts," &c. &c. (merely because
they are Irishmen)—men who, having been trained
for the ministry in a land where our Protestant Church
is an oppressed and persecuted one—in a land where
Popery tries every stratagem to beguile the unstable
and unwary—in a land where bigotry, superstition,
and their attendants, misery and wretchedness, neces
sarily excite the tenderest Christian sympathies, while
they call forth the most strenuous and active ministe-
rial exertion for their removal,—have been, as it were,
driven, by the providential economy of an all-wise and
beneficent Being, to drink deeply at the fountain which
purges away all artificial, worldly, idolatrous daubings
from the naturally fair features of Religion and thus
rendering her a beautiful transcript of the Bible itself?
Preposterous ! Sure we are, we only speak the sen-
timents of the English clergy and Protestant laity,
when we affirm, that for piety and zeal—for deep
Scriptural knowledge and sound orthodox principles—
for Christian sympathy, fidelity, and benevolence, the
clergy resident among us from the Sister Isle are
unsurpassed by any body of Christians in this or any
other country. True—if it be a crime now-a-day—
they have assumed the elevated and intrepid tone of
the persecuted Reformation martyrs, who were heed
less of praises or censures of man, whilst the convic-
tions of their own consciences were established and
strengthened by the immutable standard of revealed
truth—the Bible. That Liverpool appreciates such
characters, augurs well for her Christian proficiency;
and that such characters arouse the maddened invec-

_ ....
Live and vituperative scorn of such pitiable creatures
as " A Lay Churchman," must be highly satisfactory
to them. But poor Mr. M'Neile! how is he ever to
get over the indelible disgrace of being a " novus
homo"? After four or five years of unexampled use-
fulness in our town, to be still a "novus homo" in the
estimation of "A Lay Churchman," augurs himself
an " ignotus et ignobilis homo"—asinus, we should
have said.

One word with regard to the Tory "A Lay Church,
man" represents as having used such indecorous ex-
pressions in allusion to the trusteeship of the new
churches, and we have clone. The Tories who honor

the Standard-office—and they are not a few, nor
talentless—are not a little gratified when they find
such a gull as "A Lay Churchman," with whose cre
dulity they can amuse themselves. In the present
instance such has been the case, we feel assured ; for
this " Lay Churchman" was observed, on the morning
when our original article appeared, with mouth open,
hurrying from place to place—" his thunder" the sole
subject of his conversation—and, of course, as it is a

propensity of our nature, all desirous of "sending the
fool further" administering some stimulus to excite
additional merriment. Lo ! how well' our Ton
friend's device has succeeded l—for can_you, gentle
ruder, without the .hearty exercise of your risibles,

peruse such a pitiable production as "A Lay Church.
man" has produced ? We respectfully take our leave
of him with this one remark, that, if he desire to be
respected, he must be honest, and wear his own skin,
ass's though it be.

TRUSTEESHIP OF THE NEW CHURCHES.—We feel
concerned to learn that we were in error, on Tuesday
last, in saying that the appointment of Trustees to the
new Churches, to be erected by the Liverpool
Church Building Society, might be considered as de-
finitively fixed upon, and that the future election
might be considered as merely formal. From the in-
formation which we received, and upon which our re-
marks were grounded, we conceived that there had
been some sort of general appeal made to the sub-
scribers on the subject, and that the announcement
which we made was the result of such appeal. We
are, however, informed, and we hasten to lay the in-
formation before our readers, in order to disabuse
!hem of any prejudice which they may have con-
tracted, that the appointment of Trustees will rest
entirely with the subscribers, as agreed upon at the
preliminary meeting. Of course the subscribers will
be at perfect liberty to determine the time and mode
of nomination and election.
We rejoice to find that the contributions already
amount to upwards of £14,000,- and that the list of
annual subscribers has been considerably augmented.

SIR JAMES GRAHAM AT GLASGOW.—We refer our
readers, with feelings of peculiar gratification, to the
reports which we this day publish of the admirable
speeches delivered by Sir James Graham at Glasgow,
both on the occasion of his installation, and o❑ the
presentation to him of the freedom of the city. His
allusion to the progress of Conservative and Protes
tant reaction in Glasgow, evidenced by the fact that
the freedom of the city was spontaneously bestowed
upon him by the Town Council, after that body had
refused a similar honour to Lord Stanley and Sir
Robert Peel, was as felicitous as it was encouraging
to the hopes of every true Conservative. His remarks
on the state of the navy, and the necessity for main-
taining that " right arm of Britain's strength" in full
efficiency for every emergency, were also most forcible
and appropriate. In vindicating himself from the
charge of inconsistency, and from the other calumnies
of his enemies, he was eminently successful: while
the bold and uncompromising manner in which he
avowed his devoted attachment to the sacred cause of
Protestant ascendancy does equal honour to his head
and his heart.

NEW, QUICK, AND HUMANE METHOD OF
SLAUGHTERING ANIMALS.

I take this method of announcing to the public, that I have
discovered, and, after a long series of experiments, matured
a new, quick, and humane method of slaughtering animals
fur human food, which promises to be of the greatest benefit
to mankind, and for which her majesty the queen has been
graciously pleased to grant me her royal letters patent.
The physiological principle upon which this discovery is
founded, and the existence of which was first ascertained by
myself, is, that a power, of great and extensive use to animal
lite, is derived from the stretch in which the lungs are held
both in the living and recently dead animal, in oppos►tion to
their elasticity. In consequence of this power existing after
death, while the antagonist and controlling power derived
from irritability was destroyed with life, the blood, lymphatic
and lacteal fluids, are all drained from the arteries and smaller
veins of the larger circulation, and from the lymphatics and
lacteals into the vicera and blood-vessels within the chest,
and into the roots of the larger veins approaching to it.
It is impossible, and would be unseasonable, to enter fully
into the physiological doctrine in an address of this kind.
Such as may wish to be better informed on the subject are
referred to a paper of mine, printed in the Philosophical Tran-
sactions for 1820, on the "Elasticity of the Lungs; " to ano•
ther paper of mine, printed in the Transactions of the Medico-
Chiruryical Society of London for 1821, on the "Vacuity of
the Arteries after Death; " and to the articles, "Respiration,"
`• Motion of the blood," and "Absorption," contained in the
second edition of the Inquiry into the Causes of the Motion of
the Blood, published in the year 1833.
The object of the mode of slaughteringrecommended is, to
remove the impediments which nature has set up against the
elasticity of the lungs, on the existence of which impediments
Ile in a great measure depends, and, of course, to allow the
lungs to resiliate into their natural dimensions, or, in other
words, to collapse, while the animal is still alive.
The method of removing these impediments in the circum-
stances stated, to break fully and at once what may be consi-
dered the mainspring of life, ►n all animals with elastic lungs,
in the most humane manner, has been the object of long
and anxious consideration, and of much varied experiment.
The results have been effectual and conclusive.
The effect of this method of slaughtering is to retain the
lymphatic and lacteal fluids, and, indeed, all the finer juices
of the body, at the same points and in the same proportion in
which they existed while the animal was still alive, instead
of being accumulated in the large vessels and discharged out
of the body in a mass, and becoming a nuisance.
The result is an increase of the edible part of a carcase, to
the amount of at least one-tenth beyond that which it would
supply by any mode of slaughtering hitherto in use. The
meat thus obtained is more juicy, tender, and far better fla-
voured. It sets sooner, and, of course, is earlier fit for use.
It keeps much longer sweet and untainted. This remarkable
and important property is evidently derived from none of the
vessels being empty so as to admit the external air, and from
an oozing of juice or lymph from the full vessels, when any
portion is cut, upon the raw surface of that portion, and, by
►ts tenacity, forming a sealed cement. This property is of
great importance to butchers. who lose a great deal of meat
in certain states of the weather ; to the public in general,
but particularly to nta►iuets and to the inhabitants of warm
climates.

The time to which this meat will keep in different states of
the weather has not been ascertained, for it has always been
used be fore any marks of approaching putrescency have been
discovered; but, in the course of last autumn, this meat con-
tinued swtet and untained for many days after other meat,
killed at the same time and placed in the same circumstances,
had given such proofs of spoiling as to render it necessary to
cook it,

The meat, the produce of slaughtering in this mode, is more
economical. In the first place it never shrinks, but, on the
contrary, enlarges in cooking; the fat, being supplied with
the juices which enrich the muscular or red por►ion, is much
more savoury, and is more acceptable to delicate palates, and
is, therefore, less wasted. It requires less time to cook. The
centre of a large joint is done neatly as soon as the surface.
These properties are derived from the meat being less spongy,
and a better conductor of heat than meat obtained by any of
the modes of slaughtering at present i❑ use. It presenes
well, and requires a much less quant!ty of salt. Other valua-
ble properties will present themselves to those who use this
meat, and the method in question is also attended with ad-
vantageous results affecting hides, skins, &c. upon which it is
not necessary now to dilate.

Such of the public as wish to make a trial of what may be
called the patent butcher's meat, upon a short notice being
given, may be supplied by any of the butchers whose names
will be given. Any butcher who wishes to be instructed in
the manner of slaughtering, may obtain that and any other
necessary information appertaining to the patent, by applying
to Messrs. Carson Brothers, the patentee's agents for Liver-
pool.
I may, I trust, be permitted to state, that the addition of
one-tenth, at least, to the edible portion of animals slaughtered
for human food, with a high degree of improvement in the
quality of the whole, with the property of keeping much
longer, and with a diminution of the expence of cooking, as
well as less waste in the substance cooked, will not be deemed
one of. the least important boons which science has, at any
period, been found to yield to the exigencies of human life.
The development of a plan by which a great addition of
animal food may be said to be, as it were, created, will be
considered peculiarly propitious at a time in which the vege-
table food of the country is apprehended to be deficient, and,
if timeously and extensively embraced, may be the means of
preventing, or greatly alleviating, that distress which is always
felt in seasons of scarcity

JAS. CARSON, M.D., F.R.S.
Liverpool, 24th Dec. 1838.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

CHARGE OF BlGAtity.---Joseph Cranage, an elderly man
of respectable appearance, and diminutive stature, was placed
before the magistrates on Monday, charged with having mar-
ried Georgina Hassan, his former wife being still alive.
The second wife, a good-looking young woman, aged 27,
appeared and stated, that she was married to the prisoner by
license, at St. Nicholas's Church,,in the month of June, 1836.
The prisoner represented himself as a widower, stating that
his wife who had been absent from him for many years, had
died at Paris.

William Cross, the brother of the first wife, deposed that
his sister hail recently come to Liverpool, but she was so ill
tha she could not attend the court, nor could any question be
put to ber. He was present at the marriage of the prisoner
with his sister on the 22,1 of November, 1822, at St. George's
Church. They lived together for four or five years, wheb, in
consequence of some differences they separated. His sister
lived with her father, and afterwards with some respectable
relatives, whom he named, for a length of time. At length,
somewhere about 1830, she went to London, where she en-
tered into the service of a family, with whom she subsequently
went to the continent. During her absence they heard from
her very regularly.
Mr. Davenport, who appeared for the prisoner, said he
should be able to prove that the prisoner heard, and was fully
impressed with the conviction, that his first wife was dead,
and that, in fact, he made inquiries after her for twelve months
before he get married the second time.
Thomas Cranage, a brother of the prisoner stated, that
he and the latter married two sisters on the same day. His
wife was the sister of the second wife. His brother was
obliged to separate from his first wife, after they had lived
together for a few years. She went away, and he never
heard anything of her till he was given to understand that
she was dead. He (witness) was anxious to be married,
but he wasted twelve months that his brother might be mar-
ried at the same time, and to give him an opportunity of
making inquiries as to whether his first wife were alive or
dead. A newspaper was here handed by ►he witness to Mr.
Davenport, who said, "Yes; your brother even advertised
her, I believe." Witness—" Yes."
Mr. Hall required that the advertisement should be read.
The paper was handed to an officer of the court. It was the
Liverpool Courier. The advertisement was dated April 2,
1838, before the first wife had left Liverpol. It ran as fel-
lows :—" Notice is hereby given, that I will not be liable for
any debts that my wife, Sarah Cranage, may contract after
this date." The prisoner's signature was attached
Witness said he had never seen the first wife but once
since the advertisement appeared. On being questioned by
Mr. Hall, the witness said he could not tell what steps the
prisoner had taken to learn the fate of his wife. He believed
he had made every inquiry.
Mr. HALL—Did he make inquiry of her family, with
whom, it appears, she was in constant communication ?
Witness.-1 don't know that he ever made inquiry at them.
William Cross said, though he had frequently seen the
prisoner, he never asked him any questions respecting his
sister.

The case was adjourned for further hearing.
On Wednesday, Elizabeth Cross deposed that her sister
had been married to the prisoner about fourteen years ago.
They lived together three or fur years, and then separated.
Alter the separation, Mrs. Cranage lived with her inol her
about twelve months. She then went to London, but had
never been upon the continent; she had been to Margate,
the Isle of Wight, and other places, but had never left
England. She was occasionally in the habit of writing home
to her mother during her absence, which lasted altogether
about nine years. There had been a rumour of Mrs. Cra-
nage's death, but she believed that it had been circulated by
the husband himself. The prisoner knew that the re►atives
of his first wile were in Liverpool, but he had never made
any application to them, to know whether she was alive or
dead.

The sister of the prisoner was next examined, and she
stated that she had told the prisoner, when his second mar-
(lege was in contemplation, that he had no knowledge of
his wife's death, and cautioned him how he acted. As to
the report of Mrs. Cranage's death, she told him that he 11;1,1
put it out himself. He denied this, and said that his wife
was dead. The witness answered, "She is nut dead."
The pristiner was temanded to take his teal.
