sigerei if not under a tight rein. yeas dangerous,(
were the :mien Laws, veriest, be. thatovocastioo of t
to Wet of \ antes, this smithery wits *Hod with. foreign- I
ers•• ('p to the time of the last mar. and the arratios
dirket was now called the Psees-Alien Act; there was
aw of this nature, andno danger wa„ therifare
sp:l
Llenje.l.—(llear!)--All the other nations of Etirupo'i
eked upon it as in direct hostility to 'them, and het I
rinHil put it to the House to say,' whether or not their
in a romfition to hear counter-arrangements which
sight be made by these cuter nations.. 'The Continent
Wheels taught to look upon this connlev.as a place
sieve there oas no longer a Wage for then,. p,„t a
ghee still remain( d. Spain had taken the place which
faeland once held. It It-vibe/mine the asylum, and this
iiiasiel for the persernted on the Continent. Although
be had ho hopes of heing able to prevent the motion
A-itlC carried, yet he would take the sense of the llonse.
with however small numbers, and leave no stone no-
toned to put au extinguisher on this anti-cutial and anti-
.Emspean kiir.—(Hear I)
Mr. C. [Larva WALL spoke against the motion. •
The gotacienn-tlexra so. sitimitted,• that if any corn-
plaint lay to the exercise of the powers its the Alien let.
it fornished an argument against the prineipte of the
Act itself. But lie denied that oily abase had been coin-
?Ave.'. Cr thai there was any foundation for welt costae
!'•
Isin.s —(11cat!)--The affair of t iametal lion rgautl own-
•.
the t •
toned by :.mant .wenec3l opposite., it was well
'bow a, came to he 11.1%1~4 in the House upon a ?eli-
sion twos that inslitidoal. At that time the rase at•
lenipte,l to be set on the part of the petitioner received
a complete refutation, to which no answer had since
bee' n etch'. Ile also asserted that the greatest modera-
tion load been need in the ease of the Coot:less of Nisei-
ts.„lno . I) observed there was an inconvivenry in the
areir,„“.str of the tisklant Hrtwral, a hen hr arglied. that
ebe Alien Art ir4s part of the nevem of. the Hole Alli-
ance: ins:, at the anew time admit, that the King of
Erases: trios as a party to it, did not art upon it.—
(itesr:i—Now the fact was, England was no party to it.
lie denied Mat there was any thin., new in the principle,
for slays tile nine of Elisabeth athl William, even
pram it haul hero acted upoti.—(llear*.)
Sir J.tatts M trittsvosu said, it was not his intention
t.) deliver his seutimenta in thi+ eadv stage of the Bill ;
lint as his thin. and Learned Friend hail personally al.
doled to him, be rook: not avoid tasking some renisrlis
nu the present occasion. He should take this opportu-
nity ttion of giving his tlecidesl opposition to the present
which au liou. ll:milkman hail very properly elm-
rsrterisell as a law to restore 25,01 V aliens to slavery.
This presence of so many foreigners in this emintry.
realities our ancestors bare once been a subject of boast
awl teary—(Hear. hear!)--and therefore he was asto-
;visite. to hear tit:riflemen talk of such a eireninstance as
salt of alarm. .k.. to Oat his Learned Friend had
odd alsont the power of the King, no one ever doubted
that :he Sorereign had the power of repelling foreigners
from this entintry ; and, as to the quotation from Black-
orlf% is wit the only abrarility in the work of that great
writer. It va. no more, however, than a passage nide,'
Illecluassar Ipotesi from Palrenslorir: and were the slog-
ans of a Venison jurist to be taken as authorities by the
people of England? The proclamations of Queen gilts-
beth, o his Is mei been allnilesi to, cools' not be spored as
wheelies, bereave they were issued for the purpose of
inakiug Scotehmen go bark, who at that time were
aliens, to their ow.' country : hut now it would he a
dints uittL;nr to rid this country of Sootclimen. There
nasals, BR Act of Henry the Seventh, declaring that all
Stotriuses,'who shoul.l Ise found iu England, should be
ponislnd hy a forfeiture of ail ile:r goods--(perhaps
this 'sash! hare been a very light pstnishusent for Scotch.
men who ILO relished a short time in F:sitland.)—(Lond
Iliekter.)—This Act, hor'eree, was repealed un the ::•••
eecsion of James 1.. therefore it most have been en-
freed during the whole reign of Elisabeth : and the
pruelasnation of that Sovereign was no more than an en•

days sere allawetl. by that Act, for Scutchmen to beet
the king foul; and the Act cou:il not, therefore, he
quoted as au authority to make a law which shoitid
force people out of their Leda in the middle of the night,
end send diem on board a ohip. He denied the proposi-
tm that the/silt; conducted all the relation, with foreign-
ers residing in the kingdom ; the King conducted the re-
lations roe:riga States, but hail no direct exelnsive
power mt.: futeigiters living among us, fur they were
Temporary soljeet, while rhey resides! here ; the law
only, end not the King', tolllol.diapou of then, fur any
Offitire ; soil they had always been protected here until
the accursed Alien Art testi passed for harrassing and
persecuting them. The people of this country were still
Minium! li.is:iitable to foreigners, in spite of the illibe-
rdity of our riders and our laws. Ile spoke more fe,l-
ittgly than nseal.nn this poin• ; and lie never gave a
Vole with wore hearty concurrence than he did this even-
ing againtt the proposed iiieastire.
La.ma rum agreed with the arguments eo elo-
quently s:ated for 11;a Learned Friend, respecting the
principle of this measure. It was a measure to make
this country reversible to foreign tioyernments ; and
Feet for the Holy Alliance it drier would have been at-
tempted.
The Souctrou-Oxxenst explained.
loud Ceatrbeassun also explainel ; and positively de-
elar-il, that this measitre did not arise out of the Holy
ronntry was no party tolls,. Holy
Mb-
aare; and so fur from acting ite compact with foreign
tem•eressents, this country went upon the very contrary
principle. lie had never heard any complaints made
0^ the Continent respecting the Alien Law.—(Hear!)
The 11 w,. then divided on the trestion—
Ayes - - - 140
duos
Majority - ; re
On but return into the gallery, the House nes discus.
sin. the merit, of the intended measure.
Livid CASTLEARAGII soil, that the Bill would not go
Ilsalle to direst any persons having property in the
*mill Batik, of the rights which they possessed
wee m the Tolth Of the 'Kings but it would have a pro•
mollies effect to prevent pertness from the right natstrall-
ration, in consequence of haring property in tlit Scotch
bank.

Leave w•as ~iren to bring in the MI.
Mr. MontilN inn off his Resoiatious on Finance to
Tuesday torsi
At tic o'clock this morning the House adjourned.

T

After the Gallery had been cleared fors division on
Wednesda:. night, Mr. Tierney spoke in throur of Mr. Ito-
hin,on't motion. The following is sn outline of his speech\l-.
Tierncs stated. that as he intended to vote for the pro-
position of the Right Hos. Gentleman, and as his Learned
!Friend hod imputed to that light Hon. Gentleman an et.
tempt !o pia} off a trick on the House, besot% anxious to ex-
estivate himself from being party to any trick, or from voting
for the proposition on say such grounds, lie could sot but
muskier the debate of to-night u a rontinuation of that of
the eight before, and that the proposition now made bad only
rot bees made on the prefedliag evening, because the debate
had been prolonged to too hits an boar. He Indeed un-
derstood me question of adjosniment as moved entirely
with a view of giving an ohnertssity fOr the introdection
of this propothion, which the forms of the Honest bad them
twit:dot! front ditevesion. lie was ready to admit, that• if
ths proposition bad boats deferrod mil after the Committee
had sat 'Gee time, it wield be elm Is I he "Jectinni
whirl, had been made to it by his I.eusell Friend ; but
fining been bronght forward its a part of the preceding de-
ate. as the condition undormideti the Ceseritles lisd been
arrrded tc, Au saw nothing la the Mho hew purred that

•
'was vii fehßlVlent whit' the usual dieValir allielectewfV7
,rir%gtle4- respect itt the latcretitt of the avireiturf4ta,
hold ssitty tiay, that he Mad never ikettrel of Ibit &lineal(
Altered§ Which bed been pleaded In their Wolf—dolt he had
not heard ot•eents unpaid. or exwealloset, or other cynicisms
of distress in an aggravated degree, nor did he boli*le theta
fp exist. His crest motive, however, for supporting the
Richt Hon. Gentleman".; proposition bas. that the rejection
of it would not benefit the hewer Noises of the seleniturists%
It could lot affeet.the labourer or plouehtonn,though it rulcht
operate, be did nut Data, to the benefit of the landlord and
some farmers ; w bile, or. the other hand, the ioeresse of the
price of bread would nt once erect all the other classes of the
community, and lead to distress. dissatisfaction. and tumult,
rein beyond nits, the (louse had found to exist in other
[times when such objects had been in agitation.

trbe ktatedman.
" V' lIRITItn ST VIVIIIAN" It 14CCORPOIATID Mitts "TN!
!TAWS, VII."

LONDUN:
/MAT EVCSINI:. JUN, 2, M.O.

• Jamaica Papers arrived this morning to the 17th
April. Accounts were received from Big de Bache, that
Brion, with ten armed vesiels and four tranvorts, har-
ing CM board Oen. Monti 110, Commander in-Chief, with
1,100 troops of the Irish Legion, commanded by L'ol.
O'Connor. made their oppearelier 01' that place, and
sent in a flag of truce to demand the t.tmender of the
town, when she was fired upon. a.tl returned to the
vessel. At three o'clock in the morning a landing
was made by the %%hole of the force, who took
pouession of it, most Of tlo iuhal,itanit: retiring to the
woods during the night: and a division was about to
proceed against St. 31artlia, which was expected would.
immediately fall.

After Admiral Brion landed, he icsuesi a Proclama-
tion to the inhaLitants, requesting them t return to
their homes, as every pro'eetion .onld be granted to
them for the safety of their property.

New York Papers arrived this morning to the 29th
April ; Boston, to thr 306 ; and Baltimore to Cie a6tb.

(IraPPLTIIII PLAT YORILLant str_ur:_trirtaaritit..)
A rumour proyallest at Washington ity, that, on
Saturday last, just SP the Senate were abiatt adjourn-
ing, a !message was received firm the President of the
United States, in which was inclosed the treaty uith
Spain,. ratified by the Spatikli Uoverimient. The
Senate adjourned without taking any order on the sub-
ject ; it was expected to be the first thing acted upon
in the Senate on '3ltintlay.—The 'Washington Theatre
was burnt down on the ISt,' of April.
NtG3O INsrastectrioN.-I.etters from Ant Cayes
mention, that Pre..ident Boyer has completely quelled
the insurrection occasioned by the revolt of flouter.—
President Boyer, in hi' proclamation, declares the in-
surrection at an end.

THE STATESMAN._.

sad on-pr•vions.ectssigw, had .been led to. notice as
lately introduced into the discipline of prisons; so
he at least, in general, as political offenders have De-
tains in subjects. The case of Drachma, brought
before the House of Conn:runs on Wednesday night,
will, we trust, lead not only to the redress of the un-
fortunate complainant, but to an exterwiee and vigi-
lant ins-Miltaim of the secrets of the prison house.
*woe lostiknrcs of abuse, we sometimes tike ocecasinn,
as it it always a ditty, to point out to public attention.
Slangy- cases must nectssarily °erne whirls never reach
the ear of sytnpatliy. Power is too important and
datieroes a weapon for fallible van to nse, unless
when cal:4111r watched : and in tl.e bends of jailers and
such as are hard?neti by I:.e exercise of control most
especially liable Li alinse. It is expedient, uuw parti•
eitlarly since our prisons hare become so numerottily
inhabited, that they should be subjected to the inspec-
tion and direction of visitors appointed by the Le-
gislsoure, independent of lora] and political preju•
lice. It is the more necessary ua account of
thow who hare the misfortune to be deemed political
,otienders. The culprits who are known to be
polluted wiih moral turpitude. the violators of pro.
pery. and even the destroyers of life, :14e often
neatest with fir more humanity and consideration than
lkii*e 013 have only been guilty of seeking to effect
a Parliamentary Reform. •

Clut.l4: r. lEs.re tient,' he bllotring is the stata•
tI, Pull on the Sixth thy :-
1:1;ain Jata►s. .. 4.59 ; Sir Mllip 33Z)
Majority fur Mr. Jemiet ....

Trinity Term commeneeti this day, and the diffettnit
Cour:4 were opened with the usual ceremonies. he
business of the Court of King's Benz') and Chancery,
still continues to be rlrriell ou at Westminster but it
is Rt.:most.' that at ringetnents will speedily be made
for the removal of the sittiegs in those Courts to an-
other quarter, in order to snake way for the ensuing
Coronation.
I rod John !tassel, on Wednesday evening, post-
pswed the commitment of the Bill for the disfranchise-
trent of tirampound, till slondiry next, the sth inst.,
at the request of Mr. Cannine, who is confined by the
goat, hut who I.as lio;:es of being able to attend on
that day. lo fazikate this arrangement. Sir lames
Maehintosh consented to pit! off till Friday, the Oth,
the serum, rea:!ine vf the Bills on Criminal Law, which
bad hem, opppointed for Monday.
The Hight Honourable Henry Dutton and family
have arrived in town, at their honsc in Baker-street.
We regret to team, that this venerable orator is in a
• redneerl.state of health..
1 he result of the meeting held at Abe Commercial
un the affairs of the banks of that
city, has been, that a deputation, con-isting of Messrs.
Crawford and tierra7dCall -,than, have been appointed
to repair to Dublin immediately, to wait on the Lord
Lieutenant, for the purpose of soliciting a loan of
DKO,bOI./., to be vested in Managers, and lent out by
them on approved securities or deposits.--/, Southern
;14porirr.)
There is no apprehension, we are happy to under-
tat, elifiwiailted as to the bank of Mr.. Pike, *CNA ;
oral Mr. Hoe? ,of Limerick. The latter honse was
open list Stmlay. from seven .2'• lock it. the morning
until evening, for the purpose of paying. Mr. Pike
had comparatively fey rotes in circulation. There is
no run upon any of the Dublin lianks.--(Dalho Erea-
i Pert.)
NIOIPAOC OF A 'AMER' Saturday
Ler, the bank of Messrs. n. Kettaerly, and
Mannstail, of Limerick, suspended priarats " in con-
oequesEf the su Iden a sure
bank, Iting Irmo thefled
paysa of two of the I but
,avail titemselves of the nit
statement of their affa' public,
have no doubt will affo t satisfaction,
sure them that confillenre anti support
