web* person.
possible
Is

elm ..
admit

loboor.-4.
sitestims.-its 1
for domestic pt
smitst-lioasto,

.y.
at tits

spyrioes
whtels an
Is. Patin
ever the

his
&ea
artiel•

sow, ,
supply
W.--

Nom.
sad 1•

ferriroieg
where t.
the Fr
MU.

11101111.
PRollin
Meaty

bfanshoto.ri.
sod'

So lend.
Areloot
perfection.
biro.

preserver
to.l looms
seek
an
op r,
sad Is

'steal
lee
am the ,
aoarleher
fore 0
lines
which
yet a
used r

' the, PaY ,
Gentlemen
lady desire
Ingredient.

the I.
street,

like
name,

consulted
and r
six ti
small
of

that ..
females,

much
toes,

restore
most I
halt

dude

fully
fain _
embraces
Abuse, ar
tions on
Cases
them '

r,c4,
WI : '

sellers.•
usual, ,

so ow
veosii, 1

Street,

. .
Prr • . -- '
0,.. . -.1 , •
- • . ...--- •
e....,•.. -1.• 11."-- "'• Ilk ,
• \ ' .
. .
, . • c rOP ,`L;
• 'C.' 4:, .f. 'is 0 .J:4
. ae:', -VI 1,1/ .' • . . . 'I • .
. cri-kvirio3)l4l
. .
I. .. 0.
• .
• .., • .
. LONDON, SATURuAY, JULY 27, 1822..
.
'• ' i
- . ii
.. —.-.....
"he Cense Jbe which HAMPDEN fell in the Pith( gad' sllrDitlll7 *el en eke &load r . PRICE Swam Pztiros
--- -- -
COFFEE MART, TUESDAY NEXT. -. aid delivered them to Billiard CUB. tee convey them 4
No. it. SZIKKILII-STRYCT.BNOWnILL, LONDON'. ``it WIP? St Ott. bog ',eve to remind the Patella thee to o'ot:tering en bombe:ch.
Established by the West India Planters and fileweinots. 1.7 NERTTVINIDAY. JOLT 10, Is the Lam Doyen:Maw- Edward Cass stated that he wee dearly 17 ears of
•
DEACON and Co. beg to inform the Public they log belt 004 n vbas TWO Prizesof 90.900 i. Consols aion y
sem pad that he Was the Mail Rider, between Whitby I
may depend upon being supplied with a superior arts- to be drawee. The Wheel noatelas TWO of Io,ooof. and
elm of Coffee at the most moderato the Market will TWO of 90,0091, Causal', with teary Prints of wiliest bed Piekeriig, a distance of 21 mile*. On the I Ith I r
admit of. Also, Families may rely upon hsviag Tens, valve. Oleief the Flrst.drewri Capitals oa the Ftret Day of of March he received the bap, as %sae, of lbo p.st. • •
Swears. and every article of Grocery of hest quality.
the present Leittery was Kohl In !Mares by SWIFT & Co. enistreis ; sea, after oecuring them on his galleys,.
,
tio :, ,
, 'nue Trade supplied. Hotel and Coffee-hut:ea Keepers, litho alai She and Sold Mk the Highest Capitals In the ~.
Last Lottery, their old and foretaste 011ees. 11, Posits,; Fee set eel about I; etiock at noon. Whea be bid • supt.lied at trade prices.t
'
Shipping orders executed. II, CharlemeC ; and ii. Aldmite High Street. proceeded about 13 MUM he met the Prisoner. who
IGHING fiIACHINEte. seised the bridle of hit pony. and said, "deliver, or
DIAL WE DI 1511 mostarespectfelly informs his best Friends the ril kill thee 4 ._• , • 1
HMARRIOTT having °Willed his Majesty's _LP - Public, that the , to wawa the leaflets replied, " I've , •
. Revel Letters Patent, for en Improvement In TWO PRIZES OF 110.000 nothing 10 delivin./"t Hest then no matey ? ' .eked ,
•. , I
WEIGHING MACHINES. bees leave to reenseimend them Must both be drawn in the Fleet Flee allautes, the thigh the lad heplled, " No." 'l-be prisoner Dom
to the Public, as the moot perfect sod eased &wield for that NEXT TUESDAY. rant thumitneleolther hone; tsyteg.••• I will not t
purpose over osessressest Ihe • may& A" 164•MiMaaerittrae4 sb•-alaaa'easaadal bort thee ;" aid, toning to the pony, he said, "I • •ir 1
doe, and • . k moral! so it re rre.st Lv -- PRizeiat OF ,010.000
Phew desomosit Obi Omen to a - SM. &e. Consols sod Money. want thee." and immediately mounted it, and rode off
ges;othingi, is, a w .. *may 44414 g time and Warbled warms Tickets end Shares are setae, at at fall gallop, with the mall bar. The boy gave in. 1 2
labsse.—filleg g ' e, It may be used in any Rig mew, 4, carman. and a, Charing Cross, where
.formatioe immediately oldie robhery, to every one be ft
aftemllese-ides ity must therefore be undeniable Thum Capitals bare been already sold In the pretest
met we the toad, and search was en' mediately instil II 1/41, a
fee domestic purposes t is shops, enrolments. coach-aloes, Lott ,
martet-houses. berms, ea wharfs, at races and fairs. for eat- •allSii reminds his Friends they may retire. till Seth !wed. • .
tie, con. ha , wool. &e.: or for laming heavy arteries ;it Ina. their Meets and Mores bought before First bay; bat Senn) persons were then examined, wbo proved the
may be ttf to the deals ea erase, end show the weight he begs them to remember they give up edictal= by.. &H a,„
ag. f,j4.,., rs particula t—A• few alcove before
the
:11 • l
at rbe deo of thathisg; la may be also made with a chair to to the ecldtals i end those now liaskane, whin! are reversed —— ''e
i
weigh immune. :sew Its onlinuo simplicity, it is scarcely at 201. Ore of as much value.as those geMeg at TU. Ma, and ma I exam up. the prisoner asked a man, who was : f
mrelbto be lemseseata: yet. If It ogee should be so, there Sixteseelm relented at 11. th. ad. if.undrewn. are of same work's; on the highroad, whether there was not a
s iiiiiin.. ItssawOrilleb wig stiolleotarily correct It. value A those now sealer at 11. 14e. sad Mbar Shares In pee, tad what time it would he posing. The pt i-
ll. Maaseorr begs to nudes She Public modem several same idoPeetielo.
sperioes imitations of his exeetieut and useful inventien, _ ..._ ...., _ . sober was seen silo is on the road towards a ace
; •
which are attempted to beintrotkeed : none are on his geese-
Inc Patent Prlecipls that have sot a label with his name lIWS7' INDIA Itoollll. him the horse was fouled tied to a gate near the H de '
ever the ILleg's Arms. —.op—
of Hermon. At the bottom of a hill, close by, the le. ; ' 1
H. Neiman. having made meneiderable Improvenseets Is Yesterday a Special Deseret Court of Proprivto-s lad's bora, the bags, and I letters (which Lad - 4 '
his P gnome Cooetree A rrrrrr us. feels a 04011" of Eget India Stock was held at the Compaey's Heine .
beep opened) were found in a rivulet. The next
demos fa recomasendiug It to the Public. es • most complete , , „..,. ,
al ...monflasell*St net, for the partmee of gsbasitam to ' . •
article for Foisting. baking. boll*. and stemilog witb no- 11 morale& on more minute inapeetion. a number of bills '
money In fuel, hymn motieratemised Ire, eogwith a constamt the Peeprietone, Drafts of a Bill sow pending iu Par- of exchange, Ste. hid in the bank near the rivulet. li
supply of from twelve tee tweesty, gallons *rho water ; also. Hammel, for continuing, for one year, senate Duties ra. prisoner was traced going across the moors, es-
WARM Cease-re for airing llama keeping dieser hot, beating lon East Jodie Sugar.
plates, dishes, he.; the "looking eremite are never soiled. „ . „ galling the road to Think, and at different pliers
sad it Is a positive cure for • smoky chimney. A new The Chairman (J. P. 41.11004 Elm ) enemy stated boasting of and 'hewing his money. On the morning
P Po Cooeteri* A rrrrr Yr,. embracing the the baleens which occasioned the Court to be eon al •
ter the robbery. be was taken into custody at a pub-
fmorgoiew edventspee, well calculated for ships, or situations veiled.*
where the is no chimney. and peculiarly advantageous for The , Bill was then read by the Clerk. lie house near Think when in the act of bet:ln
reg I.
&greeter; Markets. Kitchens titled up with steam apps- l9Ol. to 11. with a Quack Doctor on a trilling tub- !
me m, asbestine all the late Improvements; Mee baths. Mr. U imniedtstel, roe** and harielit"l". ject. Ile was taken to a Magistrate's house, where 1
goeservatorles. balls, stalemate mod imitative. hemehd by ed oat the benefit which would arise, from &thorough • 'e
he was found endeavouring to enrete a number of pa.
seem. upon a principle of perfect security. Also an be- coasideratioa of all the eiremantancn convected with
cloven CAT„SNT SPRING ROA/TING JACK, to obviate the no-
pers, which, on being taken from bile, were found to
casein of weight or polite,• the caldvation of East India Seger, sad of the re- be bills of exchange, &c. He took a coostaLle to 1
The whole may be sees daily to use at the Patentee's ftisiatiCe be which be empties in the United the place where the bills bad been found in the bank, ' I '
;
Manelietery. Landoll Hoes*, tila Fleet-street, London; Kingdelot was obstructed, moved a Resolution for re- "he woad skew hies where be had laid the 4
tad had of most of the respectable Iroesoagers throughout ferries,. those sflbjects to the Coen of Directors, with vying.. .. . .
England, remainder of the money." On finding it had deep-
Ancient Armee repaired, dud re-instated to its original a rrquept thatthey would report op
;aloe
perfection. Armour measteatared, bought, sold, or let is at their earliest convemienee. Some of the bills found near the rivet:et and es the
are. Mr. CRAM? seconded the moth's, and took that op i i
prisoaer when he was apprehended, were proved to
i
• corrals observations said to
DALDNESS or GREY HAIR will sow bare eel he Parillail7 of "Penis, cell bare been put ioto the Post-office at Whitby en the day , . ,
Ele asea,_ls in Improved with „ ewe vales jam& have beets recently Made by Mr. Bright (the Men- of the robbery. I
Int, through which it wale it the greatest mouristin ante her for Brimol) in the House of Comatose, with re- 'Chi Joey, without the least consultation, fauna
?reserver to the hair In the Uneven', will make It grow thick inset to the „ionice of Slavery in the East Indies.— ,
tad long, prevent Its falling of or ever herniae. grey, and ts '
Tb tH a Member sre vented to haw said char '•aHo s, wa pre the prisoner-.-Guilty.
—....-- • .
loch a nourisher to the roots of the hale. Coot If ft even has
- ,-..
..„4 ..,,,
mean to term grey, It will MOW, it agate to ha sum a degree of Slavery waisted is the Rue 111 -...l..biSlide--•,-elr, '' .IfPc—'l?-sTV''''.
HOME CI itCVlTs7glaj
oloar, and V used ohm it wit newer ism peg . .., •• l• ;West kieler.-:4 porpOsidee 901191011 Jle. ;':......,...i.‘"00.".`"' ''....... -- 1 '
lad is more to Maar the smog. fate helolleY ur ' ' rant proseeded to 'refute, by reading extracts from Saints el. 11118411MAN.--arsetaL JURT. •
ige, and will always keep the Head and Hair clean
old besatiful. Gentlemen who are bald, end have the Mr. Uolebrooke's Work on the Hgsbaodry of Bengal, This was an action to recover a compensation id . •
least sign of roots of Hair remaining, by using regularly for and frma a letter add d by, Harrington. Chief damages for defamatory works spoken by the de-
s tew months Prince's improved Russia Oil, with the extra Judge of the Slider Demanee, to the Governer General readapt of the plaintiff, stating that he had set fire to •
~
minable Ingredient, will be sun to restore it and produces •
in Council, from both of wish?. it appeared, that if any his mill.
line Head of Heir, which hundreds have experienced ; and .
as the extra ingredient that makes the Russia Oil sett Ji great slavery did exist, It was a slavery of the mildest kind. Mr. Justice PARK summed up the evidence with i
nourisher and preserver to the hair la very expensive, there- This position Mr. Trent said was entirely confirmed the utmost impartiality. He considered the defend-
fore the ounce bottle camnot be sold for less than five shit- by me own expert... 4, ant to have been aggravated into the expressions be 1
Zings or a large bottle containing eve ounces for one pound, '
Mr. FLETCIIIIA supported the sermonise of the last bad used; and he thought there was sufficient in the I
which is a saving, or six large ones for five pounds, which is
yet a greater saving. There are.haadreds that have now speaker. conduct of the defendant to show that he never be-
...0 .
used the Russia Oil with theeetra ingredient, end hen found Mr. alexey stated that the Hon. Member alluded to lieved the plaintiff to have been guilty of setting fire
It and a nourisher, preserver. and promoter to the hair, that
they pay with plessure the trials more. Several Ladies and hal not used sack strong expressions as those that to his will. The questions for their couideration
Gentlemen who may send their servants for it, are partial- were attributed to him. were first, whether the words alleged to have been
May desired to ask fog Prince's Russia Oil with the extra Mr. MACAULAY said the same Hon. Member, to spokes were proved, and if they were proved, whether
Ingredient, and no other. whom allusion was now made, had last year used lan- they were spoken maliciously. Beth these dream-
Observe—There entrails counterfeits selling In oetty shops • •
for any small price, but the genuine is only sold in two sizes e
r Imre similar to that which was at present stated to dances must be made out to their satlsfactioe befard
Is As. and woe. bottles. ' have fallen from him. and bad fortified his opinion by they could give any damages; but, if they were sa- ( i
'• ; .
Ask for Prince's Improved Russia Oil, and obsene referring to Dr. Francis Buchannan's Statistical Ac. defied upon both these points, they would give such
i• t•
a Prince" on the wrapper and seals of each bottle ; without count of the Population of India. He (Mr. Macasley) damages as in their judgments the nature of the else
it is not gumbo, and cannot answer the purpose. Sold by,
the sole Proprietor, A Prince, No 0, Poland-street, Oxford- bad since investigated the subject, and read Dr. 80. demaeded.
armee, sear the Pantheon ; and by most principeiPertemers ehatinan's work from beginning to end; the result The Jury retureed a verdict for the plaintiff da-
ted Medicine Venders, was, that au inference directly contrary to that drawn miles 100/.
•
Ladies and Gamesmen will be particular, as impostors • •
save made the cover, of the Couoterfe:t Russia Oil so owe' -
bv the Honourable Member turned out to be the car. The badness of the Crown Side finished to-day.—
like the genuine, and eves imitated the original proprietor's rect one. None of the capital convicts were left for excretion.— .f' I
same. therefore purchasers should be cautious, and have it Mr. S. Drew( expressed his opinion that, if East After the gaol was delivered, the Lone Cater BARON
,
)f the proprietor, or of • respectable vender. India Sugar was allowed to be Imported into this assisted Mr. Justice PAIR in disposing of the remain. I
IVIERVOUS Weakness, Inward Complain s. Am gauntry under the same duties as were imposed on ing causes. The Assizes are expected to finish early
4
west India sugar, the British Colonies would be :o•morrow. •
111 Dr. CAMERON, 34 Berner's Street, Oxford street, is e i y
——
'consulted by both sexes every moraine from ten till two, ruined. The Hon. Proprietor then adverted to certain '
end on Monday. Wednesday, and Friday evenings, from words, which he understood to have been used by an NORFOLK ClRCVlT.—Caueaultat, JULY 24.
' 1
;ix till eight. Patients are requested to bring or send a Hon. Director (Mr. Elmoastone) at the last Court but R•TLAY O. RIN4IIIAII.
small phial of their morning urine, as he forms his judgment
if many diseases by the appearance, quality an-I quantity of ow.. That Honourable Director was represented to This was an action brought by the plaintiff to re- i
hat Said. There are separate rooms for consulting with have said " that, if justice was not done to that great corer the sum of 1401. the price paid by him to the 1
'males, to whose peculiar disorders at the different changes population of India, they lied the power to do jas- defendant for four horses. The cause was tried at the
)(life he has long directed his etudieg and practice with
flee to themselves." This, be thonglit. wls a vry last Assizes, when a verdict was returned for the
much success; the stature and cause of their various symp- , .
ones irregularities, and obstructions will be explained with elan., roils ob ion, and he should wish to have it plaintiff; but on the motion of Mr. Seejeant FIRTH.
r
ardour, and such medicines privet' as are best calculated to exeleiried. in the Court of King's Beach. leave was given fur a
*store them to health. In all eases requiring secrecy the Mr. ORANT said, as the Honourable Director advert sew trial. The defendant pleaded the general issue.
most implicit confidence may be relied on. Fee at home
isles-guinea, eel to was nut present, be felt it his duty to observe, and therenpoe issue was joined.
N. B. Patients in the coontry describing the aware of that the Worthy Proprietor had altogether mistaken Mr STORKS addressed the Jury. This was a horse
heir ease by letter, post-paid, lockable a remittaoce for ad- wh it had been stated on the occasion to which he re cause, and of a very extraordinary nature. The plain- .
rice and medicines, will have them sent, with proper direr- fared. The Hon. Director made an allusion to the tiff, a respectable horse-dealer in Whitechspel• sought
ions, to any pert of the kingdom.—Direet to Dr. Cameron,
le, Borners-street, Middlesex Hospital, London. great population of India, native or European, but he to recover the sum stated in the declaration of the de-
spoke of a race of people, the offspring of European (endear, who was an opulent farmer at Holbeck, in.
flominem paging eosin sapit.
men and native women. They. perhaps, might thew tint cc arty. Witnesses were called to prove that the
Our page relates to 100111.—MARTIAL. k .
themselves dissatisfied and discontented, bat what borers were warranted sound.
Jest 'published, price be, in boards (Fifteenth Edition), . • 1
rIIHE rEGIS of LIFE; a Non-Medical Commen- was said by them mast tell very differently from the For the Defendant, John Warner was examined by,
-1 Lary on the indiscretions arising from Human Frailty, same thing uttered by any large portion of the native Mr. Rubinson.—Witt -as saw Batley at Bingham's ,v ~ 1
o which the Causes, Symptoms, and baneful Elects of Cues populaieon. house a iittle hefore Tborney fair ; Plaintiff said be i
Venerea, Gonorrhea. Stricture, Seminal Weakness. dec. are Mr. TUCIRR pointed rent the various interests, Eng- should like the Defendaat's lorses, bet "Ae wee sects '\
i,
sin Female Complaints. In particular Sterility; Part 111.
%illy developed; Part 11. contains some remarks on cer-
lisle and India', that would be affected by the non-im- a hard old chap" he could out deal with hint, when.
embraces Practical Observations on Sexual Debility, self portation of East India sugar. He protested against witness tendered his services to put them to rights.
tbuse,and Mental irritation, with some interestingohserva- the present Dill, though it was to be in force only and Ba ley ultimately se reed to give him 1401. for
ions on vegetsble and animal life; in Part IV. is a Series of the three horses, be having the old one into the bar-
haemsesiniallufsatztllaver
manner,ot the fur a year.
pranecdetdillengwhselbejeeedeits;eseszedPlatoinitabeE The Resolution was rheas greed to, meta 'lore, and gain •; Nolitiv wee said abort warranty. •
1
Youth and Maturity of both Sexes. By GOSS and Co. the Court adjourned- Mr. Sroaes cross examined this witness at great
l'.onsultin: Surgeons. London. length. Took the botses-to Thorogy, but discovered
Nature beetle
44551 Z 8 IX "Kt LIG RA w
E. • no lawn. as; had been in the habit of going to the
Omnibus esse dedl% si quis cognoverit uti.—CLAUDIAN.i i
--me-- fair with Mr. Bingham for some year.
Sine( Hearca to ail the pond ofedict supplies, ..
Its Inspal application marks fAe wise. YORK--•WKDNESDAb JULY N. Mr. Svoaas.—`. So you carried the horses to 5
. •
May be had at •Ii). Paternoster-row; 60, PeU-Mall i RORDYRY OF TOR ..A11... —Ruler Dobson. aged 12, Tbos Dry from Halbeck, and never found they were /
r
d, Piccadilly ; 16. Princes-street, Sobo• 32, Fleet-street; i I
charged with feloniously rubbing' Edward Cass, Mail loom ?" .
74., Fleet-street ; 40, West Smithfield ; 94, Chearide, Lon- ,
Ion; Stevenson and Co., Hurts and Co.. Norwich; H. Rider, between Whitby and Pickering, of the mail Witness.—" lam not strong enough to carry a •• 4
?EA, !pswich; Barran and Duffield, Bath ; Sheppard, Hen- bags, which he was conveying from Whitby to Pick- horse (a tough). a horse carried me."
Olt Hatt. Cambridge; Ilesdiev. Leeds; and at all Book- ering. The Loge Cuter JIITICI also examined him at ' :' ..,
oiler.—llesers.Go623 and Co. are to be consulted, as
Mr. EADON opened the ram, and Me. RAINY stated coesideteble length, but Ire appeared consignee in le,s • ,• . ,
'nal, every day, at their house; and Patients in the Country • . • -
re requested to describe minutely the ease, enclosing a re- the partiensars to the Jury. testimony throughout. .• 'e.,•
&Mance for Advice and Medicine, which can he forwarded Mrs. Roger, Post Mistress, of Whitby, stated that John Greethaue examined.—Witens lived at Poo-
o ow part of the World.—DOSS and Co. M. R. C. Sur- in the forenoon of the II th of March last, she sealed , land, and occupiel 200 acres of land ; be knew t e
Tea; No. f. Jenny n-street, St. James's ; and 11,8°w/stir. .
he bags for Leaden, York, Maltor, and Pickering ; I horses from yearlings; the old black horse, said to
treet, Fleet-street, Loudon. ".•:/......'' ..-.; I
. •::',....Y.', 1.•••',;
.;'..'.'"' .. s' •
' ..'.e. ••''. • . •
