PI~ISI9!NT'S ESS.t(; E.

WAslitx‘tos, Fcn. I.—liie folliming most in-
teresting birs.age Nll% )....tvl4l by the
President of the L:toitel St.ites to both lioubes of
Congress:—

" lo the S.nr.lr and House of Repres:ratalivei of the
d

44 I lay befora Congress copies of the Treaty of
Peace and amity between the Uriited States and his
Britannic M•tjest), which was signeu by the Com-
missioners of both patties at Ghent, on the 24th of
December, and the rafifications of which have
been duly exclottigist. Vs' idle performing this act, I
congratulate you stint our constituents upon an event
is hich is highly hottourab:e to 1::e nation, and termi-
nates with peculiar felicity a campaign signalized by
the most brilliant successes.
" The late war, althoup,h rfluctantly declared by
Congress, had become a necessary resort, to assert
the rights and independence of the 'swim'. It has
been w sged with a success w Itch is the natural re-
sult of the Let;islative counsels, of the patriotism of
the people, of the public spit it of the militia, and
of the valour of the military and naval forces of the
country. Peace. at all tittles a itlessiog, is peculi.
arl y welcome, thetefore, at a period when the
causes of the war hate ceases! to operate; when the
Government has demonstrated the efficiency of its
powers of defence: and whets the nation can review
its conduct without regret and without reproach.
•• I recommend to %our care and beneficence the
gallant men whose achievements, in every depart-
ment of military service, on the land and on the
water, have essentially contributed to the American
name, and to the restoration of pease. The feel-
ings of conscious patriotism and worth will animate
each men, under every chnnge of fortune and par-.
suit; but their country performs a duty of itself,
when it bestows those testimonials of approbation
and applause, which are, at once, the reward and the
incentive to great actions.
" The reduction of the public expenditures to the
demands of a peace establishment, will doubtless
engage the immediate attention of Congress. There
are, however, important considerations which forbid
a sudden and general revocation of the measures that
have been produced by the war. Experience has
taught us, that neither the pacific dispositions of the
American people, nor the pacific charact,-
politacnl institutions, can altogether e;
frt m that strife which appears, beyond t
lot of stations to be incident to the actus
the world ; and the same faithful moult
strafes that certain degree of preparation
not only indispensable to avert disaster it
but atfords also the best security for the t
csf peat?. The wisdom of Congress, wit'.
I am confident provide for the untintenai
adequate regular force; for the gradual
the naval establishment ; for imprositig al
of harhour defence; for adding discipline
tist4oi•lied bravery of the militia ; and for
the military art iii its essential branches ut
beret p.itronage of Goverment.
" The resources et our country were, a,
compereot to the attarommit of every ns
ject ; but they will now he enriched and i
by the acti wiliclt peace will introduce
scenes of domestic elites prize and labour.
vision that has beets made tor the public
durieg the present Sessiost of Congress, t
decisive effect in the establishment of the
dit both at home and abroad. The revivis
of commerce will claim the Legislative as
the earliest opportimity ; and such regult
I trust, be sea,otahly devised, as shall sect
Uss:tPd States their just pro;fortinit of the
of the would. The most liberal policy tot
nations, if met by correspowliqg disposis
in this respect, be found the most benefit
towards oerselves. But there is Ito objet
enter with greaser force and merit into th
lion of Congress, than a consideration of
to preserve and promote the manufactures
sprung into existence, and attained an us
ntaturity throughout be United States
period of European Wass. This source •
independence and wealth, I anxiously t
to tile prompt and commit' guardianship of
" The terminatioit of the Legislative Set
soon separate y cu, fellow-citizens, from
and restore you to your constituents. Ipi
bear with you the expressions of my sans
that the peace which has been just declares
only be the foundation of the most (Hew
course between the United States and Greas
but that it will also be productive of happi
harmony in every section of our beloved cr
" influence of your precepts our
must be every where powerful; and while
in grateful acknowledgments fur the
which Prot idence has bestowed upon us, It
c-^ se to inculcate obedience to the laws, as
to the Union, as constituting the palladia
national itttlepimult tice and prosperity.
" JAMES MA

" ',Y:,.6ingt• F. b. 16.

Bo,rosr, acit 9.—The puhlicr contra
expectation, still remain in suspense with'regi
recent 'epos of the capture of Now Orlean
the source throu4h which the intelligence
came to this place nothing further is recei'
from Washington we have several letters ci
New (Mertes dates to tbo 4th of February,
time the place was not only still in our ht
no enemy int rsling it, although they agree ,
that the British forces were still quartered
Island. This circumstance, and the strong
lity that reinforcements must have reached r
the West Indies, by the last of January, In
considerable alarm ifir the safety of the lire
inhabitants, and " immense property,
have fallen a sacrifice in the event of its ca
.A few days (perhaps hours) will, however
suvence; in the mean time, we can only
our defy, by giving to the public such cot
accounts, as we receive.
F.:tract of a letter from a respectable Ge
at Washington, dated Feb. 28 :—" I or
pririon to ou, that this day, letters ate
New Orleans, dated 3d Feb. which at.
bite! ..,.:tisfuctury reasons for believing the

iii

,
. • 1 • '' .9 • J - • ay. aJNJ,JA3 kit,' tiicy will nave It that
cter of their am now fully convinced that had the enemy succeeded he has. for so many years, been deprived. they were sent to him and not to the nation), are
ixempt them (being master of the river, the lakes, and the seas) Netvgate, April , 91515. -
-.. repairing to that K ING without a kingdom, nt Brut-
-lothe Fifth' Year of his Imprisonment.
the ordinary in getting possession of this country, he could not
. sets, where some other Sovereigns hive also arrived.
—Louis has made sure of the .best part of the
aal period of have been dispossessed again, at least from Baton L—
ion' (lemon. Runge down." v•l'' TERN' DRAWS ON WEDNEsDAY, :
THREE PRIZES OF .Clo,ouo,—FivE THOUSAND
n for war is; ' GUINEAS IN COLD, AS SOON AS DRAWN. . Crown diamonds, valued at 14 mllions of ham,
in the onset, I
FIiEIiOsP.IPERS. ---
land the ereater ',art of the specie in the Royal tre
1 lif
Arr. Mails. One 1 e. i.
continuance xs.
--sease,-- 1
11, therefore, I p
Attlx„ MARCH 29.—Iiis M•sjesty heir' to-day, at 1
3
nauce of an four o'clock iu the afternoon, a Council of Minis- 1
I advance of tern.
N A PARTE mode no such provision when he retire Ito
Elba. Whe then are the 44 infimont thieves" tint
ill the means • At half-past nine in the evening, there was a PRICE Ole STOCKS THIS DAY AT. ONE O'CLOCK.
e to the dis-
I
Couhcil extraordinary, to which the Ministers of itana
1.17:11 It1)11% 4 A di a 1 per Cent. Red. the Times is railing against, and the French Royal
,r cultivating state 4 ere summoned.
Excheititer Hilts 5 10 d
t S per Cent. Cons. 58 7
older the II- , 5 per Cents. Family are evidently afraid of?
I s. IMPERIAL DCREE. 4 per Cent. Navy SS 7.i I 4(l=l:nfor Am s},},t 711 The Duke of WELLINGTON is said to have left
at all times, " NAPOLRON, Empeopr of the ironch• . - - - ' Vienna on the 20th for Brussels. There is a cork
national ob- "We have decreed, and do decree-es follows :
I
rli E ST A l'E SMAN. - and bull story in circulation of an attempt by some
I invigorated " Article 1. From the date of the pnbliralinr,..f the pi client
e to all th decree, the trade iit negriec, is abolished. No esp.-416.in stint; - _ Frenchmen to carry off the young King of Rome,
. The pro tie allowed fur this cam tern,,i wither iu the pints of France, i which they say was defeated by the vigilance of the
is creditors nor in slime of our roliiiiies. LONDON:
"
I police. It is reported that MURAT had made an
4. TM re shall not he introduced, to be sold in our coin-
must have MONDAY, Amt. 3, 1815. I offer of th Nto the Emperor of
e eapolitan army mp
public ere. nisi, any negroe the produce of this trade, whether Freocii or
---ww.--- I AUSTRIA to be commanded by any ing interests Austrian General
I
"rr'l''Any iufrartion of this decree shall be punished with the Papers and other advises have been received from his Majesty might choose to appoint. This does not
i
attention at confiscatiiin of the ship and cargo, which shall be pronounced
lotions will by our courts and tribunals. Paris and Brussels to the 31str and from Vienna, by prove thit either he or Austria will act egging
ecure to th 04. woyeeer, the shiii.tawners who before the publication Haniburgh Mails, to the 21st ult. From Paris, we France. They are both strongly suspected of tern.
I
a navigatio orfatic'er'ese.",-!fr,":";,,j4j1.1 lit:Vol:, rt;:,ii;l2,l.ist." Pedili",
for ilielibeve the information of an act on the part of the new porixing. The accounts 'from Italy state, that the
4 may 11 h I,
1
wards othe '
ikons, will p" s.resent de Our
cree Ministers are charged with the execution of the Government of France, which partakes of the cha. POPE is very ill,and that he hasmade his will, "at- ,
l ,
icial policy (Signed) '+ NAPOLEON, raster of those stupendous and astonishing events ranging the affairs of his spouse, the Church,
)(a that can .. By the Emperor, the Mini-ter Secretary of State, which have marked the restoration of NAPOLEON to and her numerous offspring." His beloved sot, 1
(Signed) " The Duke of EASSAN4I3I the Imperial Throne of France, and must consecrate Fenoisraen of Spain, and the Holy Father are
he delibera-
yes - --- alb• - c
f the means ! CO . EXTR AORD INA ft y,, Thursdny morning. any Government to latest posterity, as deserving of still on terms of the most cordial friendship, but
; which have! the thanks of the human race, whatever may be its likrinioa:sn's father is said to be again setting ep
~.1
Two hundred thousand pieces of gold (20 francs .
aliparalleled
' other acts. Lord CASTLEREAGH and the Allied for the Throne on liberal principles. We doubt it.
i each) will be stamped at the mint in eight days from
during the .
of
oalioniii the present time. Powers, who hare declared the Emperor of the 1 'flie demands for money made by the Allies to our
•
We are assured that M. de Moutron has been sent FeENou placed out of the pale of civil and social , Government for engaging to re-establish the Bova,
recommend ' to Vienna with important dispatches.
)f Congress. • law,:for daring to receive the most exalted proof of, a'
Boris on the Throne of France, rum in this way :•,,,.
''''here arrive continually at Paris ingots of gild . . ,
• nation s homage and esteem, thought they entitled ; Russia demands two millions, Austria one arid'
.:
Session
hill and super b blocks of crystal from the Isle of Elba.
each other, ,
themselves to the praises of the world, and to addi- i half, Prussia one million, and Bavaria and the o
The Emperor, during his stay in that island, caused,
nay you ro . .
its noires to he explored with great activity. tional thrones and empires, when they condemnediStates 500,0001. making, in all, five millions. ; '
guine hope ;
ed will not ..
Ihe soldiers sent on the 18th from Paris to the ' the Slave Trade to the lingering death of five years-1 this sum is to be found the CHANCELLOR 'of
of f Villejuif against the Emperor, had pat
~several of the humane powers stickling hard for CHEQUER has yet to discover. As Parham
'idly inter- camp
tat Britain, , wet tobacco. at the bottom of the
. barrels of their t
eight. NApouEo ,
N the man whose name has been i sernbles to-night for the dispatch of;
guns, that if they should be obliged to charge, the
ppiuess and . ~
printing might not catch. :so often associated' with chains and slavery, has is- I subject of our foreign relations e •;*
• 1
country. I
x '
r We are assured that his Imperial Majesty has ap- ; sued a Decree abolishing it from the present moment; . some elucidation. - . .. ~
id example .
,40..- ••„•- •,, •
„.„.o •
pointed a Commission to arrange a project of a Con- , and as far as regards France and her. colonies, thii The Earl of IliststowaY; wor.,,
1 we accord
stitution to be submitted to the discussion arid ap- ; horrible traffic is henceforth aholishod, unless among , Pout, set out to-day tau av ' • ,•' . .•" •
protection '
probation of the Electoral Colleges assembled at the ' .. - .
let us never the blessed events to be ex Petted from the new war, ' Brussels. -., . - '',.igek, '
Ind fidelity Field of May. This Commission is composed of . - ,„4„„.,,.#,,,,.. sf-, ... e .
a this trails-limit tottery. the recobqueit '-It is ieported- ate` ag, of Th.- ,
eight Membosse among the number•-are the-entint , the
iurn of the , ,
se prodigally given up to an imbe- fisterdaittiornikfetapovor,. from fro -.t
Carnot, Missile& of the Interior ; ftegnault de St. • of th:
Vr:
'
Jean d'Angetr, and Rcederer. : cile e' • - Compare this dignified and vil .
.. rer eft* ***chess (a General)
ADISON.
..- . • . . ,
..• • ... • .. Capt. St. Clair will he again in a few days placed !g0r.1.: •• n... She part of an individual • cones tiloundoni:•birCwas • •
----for trial before the first Council of War. I noun * StOreigns of Europe, and • 40, • ' • n have made enquir?'
J
riry to our
''
:kinsi—compare this, uneq • • •i. this re
gard to the Pains, Malice SO.—The Emperor is !About to
t the en-• 1 . + oi, ••
proof • :
;. moral justice end the .rig , it,
11S. From I name the Ladies of Honour to her Slajesty the En);
hum
.. 1 '-' shuffling, canting, and
,de.- •:
originally I press. There are mentioned among the nydklier Me-.. ~ .
lived ; but' dame de Beauveau, the Duchess of 141Itigo, the con, - - Potentates who had it in th-'•r ; i•. . < eve
R . 0 containing I Duchess of Bassets°, and the Couotess tel. • pnwee • an instant termination to this vs..
.: Gran;! • - ••X. • bet, •
', at which ' Marshal Berthier, Prince of W • passed tematizea 1 lion of the laws of GOD -and nature, fir' Inc* Schw of .
hands, but Ghent in the night of the 2.1 d, goidg to stead to
but who stickledfor its.continploce for yeari, and Prince Wrede, the ! in stating, rejoin Count Lille.
.• . ...• Alice ••• -
torai
ed on Ship The Institute assembled yestesdireti Respire an yet called themselves' the detterers of mankind. berg, M, de Gneasitta,.
•
g prolrabi- Address to the Emperor. • i.. p . . "4. , .•
But 44 compirisons are odhius;".-theYare so, we dmsberg, and Cinpst . la it) •c
.
. , , them from They have begun to replace on the pariesnonu- know, to some, in this tultatsco... e Neither the Tot •tho• deliberation! • •_ that.
.• .
las created 'vents executed under the reign of the Emperor, the disgrace nor the corstpitimutt .. hawaimer will I Wellington•goes to
ires of the monogram, &c, of his:Majesty, which thelast Co- en here.
d Soch onli6tegor'pfeessodisigh;aro the II :.The A usteiats army .
.fidst'
that most vernment had caused to be effaced. .'5 • Ts, -•'
' rom tidif
capture.— - prince Joseph:et-A.6e Princess Ilortssiesliavelhis herabvsminable 4lllinna of: grenadiers -
best refutatioss tfiot can. les,gsamai.to. t g .
~ remove day paid a visit to Ms Imperial Majesty. • :- • assertions, and still mem attominthle epithets and :40,000 Austrian troop ete;iiiiiincin4:
.
' discharge liy order of his Majesty; the Minister tic the In- low scurrility which `
tit. Tim( sod the ottlfe venal l•and,Snuth-Eatt.,, Those of alt-the othersar .
onjectoral teritte- has issued a docree, wider - pommel so
the instruments of
_power arsonow Using for the ptirpor tion. ' • . ' •
•l Co of Public Institution, and •' tablisies the of deceiving ibis nation," •46.11iniing ilia publici The Marquis de Chasfelor, had just been na• .
;Fatima -11n)vervity, ciao:ins. •
4e4frri for 'mind against 14.4inkrOir 'tis•Goveremosc ~ I Ctearter-Maeter-General of the army in Ifaiy, oh,*
emitted fir its nization with tie exce • .i• -changes .
•• l• •t - The trees tnatltatrOar' Frans,. ii also preparing. Iwe lecal s reeltdflod • s Majitsly rue :to . . • tdii‘his • ~, • - • ,
..
P' e•
ved the onvxpected news of his death. .
.
7111" -.• . --, 1 . Such e nit t . 04*(40 **my: Ripely to tie sir‘. Auassunwt, MARC!! 42.—Tho Agensune A.. ;Wei thiss, ts
be 13riti
.. Pito etoe . m
-
' ''
' I int di, Ina *Os mow !od a d). toijihk the following article from Vienua;--
ritisir
_.,..
•• .• . ~... .. .
.-,
• • :t•,- •..:•• • 4,- .'.•...•, t• . . , •
4..4 . ' " , , • .
.4: ~.. •I;
. .
. It-, •••. ~
•• A 4 .
4,-•
... '`• `Pr ' '
•.:,,, . at • •
