~

_ -- - - aim 4.lth
. ,
T nir -

LOND•011‘ • - • ,

SUM V, OCiellll6 lOW

frnv. QUEEN.
Into 8311otio hived this morning is to till follow•
ng effect :

" Kew PROW., Om 19.
vr" The QoUii has hatfoleep lathe night at intervals, but her
Maumee disease meatus the same as )e-serday.
(Seamen) F •11L111Pt14.
" H. lIALFORD."
Tier MA.ltsTY's disorder artiSe.ars to he resuming
most of its former distressing symptoms. Her appe-
tite has almost entirely left he; again ; the cough,
and sense of pain on the side, are again troublesome,
and render her eatremely restless; whilst, at the
same time, the slightest motion has a tendeacy to
produce those alarming spares on the superior
viscera, which have heretofore threatened her speedy
dissolution. Under these unfavourable cireere-•
stances, her MAJESTY'S sleep is consequently broken
sad aurefreshinc ; and of coarse her exhaustion is
estrum The Bulletin of yesterday merely stated
that " the QUEEN has had some hours' sleep, bet her
bls.tmetT's disease is not diminished."

...../wm-

;MAN

New Yost Papers reached es this morning to the
18th ult. It is stated, es the aotherity of one of the
passengers arrived in the schooner Elise Ana, from
Nineveh, that Mr. Rosnrsov, an American, who
was taken prisoner with General MINA, on the
Spaoiab Main, by the Royalists, and who had beet►
imprisoned a Wag HMO ss Haveansh. bad bees Milt
the Mora Castle with a number of Americans, pre-
paratory to their embarkation for Madrid, to be tried
by the Spanish Government.
It appears by Papers lately received frees Bevan
Ayres, that the couteudiog parties in Sooth America
hers it in contemplation to adopt the usage of civi•
lined war, by connoting to easimiege thell. primmer,.

Orders have been sent off trim Aie-laXhapelle
to make the necessary arrangements for the Meet.
tion of France. The Doke of WItLLISOTOIII9 it is
understood, does not retarn to the seat of Congress
after the review of the troops. He is to remain with
the Army until. the different corps ire is march on
their respective routes. The British Army are to
embark at Calais, and the Cavalry at Bee!eine....
The design of embarking the Russian Contierecof
the Army of Occepation at Dunkirk it +aid to We
been given up, on account of the trivet:reed period of
the year; they will consequently sorrel* home
i through Germany and Poland. Th. Hogli.k Com-
mandant at Valenciennes has gives Wks to the,

,

B•T•
•

mot .
\Soar of the'intenditd'Y :,ia of the.
aid tog oiliest him to direct Ail in.,
Itue ~gretiterti sisertirmatit us soon II
itcomihoderiett st
. ft is atekt4ti
c wes
tbbleAs'Emperor or Iturrut* did not intend to a
eartiiiietty; his brother Monarchs. The review-of tbk
English, Prussian, and Russian corps was eapected
to robe place)esterday or tomorrow. The Austtiats,.'
Wirtemberg, and illaierien corps will eveceate the
French. territory without being reviewed. The Em.
perorittrexAtetts is expected in Paris between Irs,
25th end 30th instant..

iliaildrio .
Theareuch Papers, which have ettived since ear
last to the 16th inst. notice, with esultatien, the
ileely and general joy produced throighout Fiance
by the offichticoefirmation °idle approaching reacts:.
lion. It is remarkable, leweverit, that the French'
Finial have not .sintained the trilling rise which
they experienced on the announcement of the Con.
Option for the evAnition. The Five per Cents. left
Oren Yiednesdey at 75 f. There ts,a pulling pars.
gelidt 10,* minor Jost:lel, inserted; perhaps, by
some of the mike concerned" in the new loan, re•
mount,. this Stock as :worth et least 00 f.; bet the
writer proteins ne be satislied ithe could only get it
pto 110: -"' ', ':A . ' '-...-' 4 • l'l' • .' , I '
: •
114 Vlissitt reovernmerst, his Mild, le eons net
of die ilietserobit essengaments made et Mk-ft-CU.
polies :Will owly have accede* tor 10,000,000 oat of
the 44,000,000 retries for witkit neredit steepened
by the Chambers. It is evident,• however, that there
is something in the petawler bargain between the
Weimer* end the Mist that tio& not much grstify
the French maims. Unluckily for the Government the,
mistaken policy of annihilatiogthefreedom ofthe Press
has deprived the Administration of that country of the
best means of ascertaining the Peal state of tbs.palt,
r tic mind, end tor correctly judging of the strength' or
*eskers, of their attachment to the mason per.
seed. The Government and the Allies appear, how.
ever, to have strong suspicions of the feelings of the
Public on the subject of a contioanee of foreign arms
in the French teritory. The risks of a new 'revolu-
tion seem pretty well cilculated. But it is not so
Clair that any other very peculiar advintsges are to
be voluntarily conferred upon society by the Con-
gress who are deciding upon the fate of nations.—
The Kings who have met appear, indeed, to be
aesre that mankind are now so enlightened, that
barefaced and downright tyranny will no longer be
'endtrvedirillt abject submission; they are therefore
petting on the mask of hypocrisy, tad affecting to be
ail benefieente, and devoted to the cause of 44 Jibe-
' ral ideas." the *neatest devote in Christendom
are now iveuteing the mildness of the lamb, and
-talking of their regard for the wishes, the interests,
end the 'hopping* of the Peppin. Let not 'be
world be wrestled by such cent. Let es istdgo of
these professore of liberality and humanity, not by
their words, bet their acts. What country that hes
been oppressed and deprived of its rights, have they
restored to freedom and independence ? Poised,
instead of haviug its national liberty restored, and its
free spirit encouraged, has been made a province of ,
Russia ; and no one- needs be told how the other
States, that looked for amelioration in their Govern.
meats from the power of the great Confederacy, have
been deceived and treated. The progress of reason
and.the effect of experience are to resist
,oppressioe
and to punish wrong. Tyranny never seeks to re-
pair the • injuries it has indicted.: I's attention is
solely directed to prevent their consequences to it-
self. The whole object of the Holy League is now
to arrange and establish a system that shall keep the
People of all nations in subjection to their Govern-
ments, whatever the nature of these Governments
shall be. Notwithstanding the decisiOn for the
evacuation of France has been made, sed for.
really intimated, it appears by the accounts
from Aia_la.Chapelle, that the deliberatious and
conferences among the beads of the Congress were
nearly as frequent as before. The protracted stay of
the Sovereigns and Negotiators ,it "Alas-la-Chapelle,
after the ostensible object of their meeting has been
fully accomplished, certainly indicates that there are
' ulterior objects of importance still remaining for dis-
cussion, but objects which are not avowed. What
these are, can only be matter of conjecture ; but it
is generally supposed; Wit the cause of legitimacy
will_not be.forgottee, iheneleivia.probabte, that in
1 this topic, the Public wilt, noire noinformation hut
what they collect from the completion and nature of
their subsequent acts. The renewed fors that is,
making about the Abelitian of the Slave Trade is a
mere tub to the *ask. On this subject also we have
sufficient evidence whereby to judge of the sincerity of
these Liberators. Why will they not begin with the
abolition of slavery at hem ? Charitable souls ! their
sympathy is eely given to distant objects. France it
seems is not to have much ground to boast of her
liberty, though she pays roundly for the evacuation.
TO. Libeillt•TlS are "to take measures of precaution
against any seeds of contagion that may still. be con.
Seated in the infected ground." These measures of
precaution are to consist in keeping op a menacing
military power so the frontiers of France, a policy
which we think more likely to lead to a national war
sooner than even the occupation of the French
territory.- —The seeds of contagion that have
given the combined Powers so much .trouble
and still alarm them with be prospect of fresh fruits,
are nothing more nor lentliewtheinisereet.principles
end desires of beim nature to obtain freedom from

"N
• "ik ) k 'ftle• '-e

. .
I
at oil the Moithratiliej n pe will never be ibv to
*is di, ie. The ores ticaerdil r
their injurious effects , I site An, io:
prosperous and happy b , cultivating the grout&
of affection, in a jet' gttention to their h.
Itelests and wishes—Sy protecting freefoll tied eto,,
,sating the character and the CHM, of mankind, atil
:111,-rothicing Theft co. the least of Sigfee. The Ns'
,rilicstions of the recent Treaty were espectrel, in
isudentanduto beesyhanged between the fontrartisg
,periles, either on Saturday hat or thisralot M.
SARI No his proceeded to Paris Itabosltsesto cannetuji '
`with those immense peeoshry engageorats joie,.
which he has lately entered.
I —.........
By the Bamberg% Mails we hare the Imparted

F

.

1

commercial latelligence that a new Tariff of 1911,1;
Delis.' was espected so be pnbribiled el St hum.
burgh towards the dose of the present spasm A
change is suggested in the imposts 011 vim ism
would operate MOO irsjorioesly as to the emporia
!bat article from this country to Kew,. The snide
containing this ieformation will be famed among our
extracts. It so fir favours the Views of the slope
irnesfilneeadrs in
otsiaß:osseiable as,st It: alta Lt.) lb
rcralbdlesisispP" swan
,imported.
Soon after the issuing of the Balletic, yest. da
morning, Sir it. liALllOkO left the Petits, for Lou.
den, end hod along audience of the PHINCt Reetlarg
et Carlton-house, On hit return, Sir F. %Lusa
went, for a sheet lime, to Pinner, and returned sof.
deiently early (Odin Sir H. Illation') in their evm.
le report
Koval Highnessporttotheift se
e leelemchned?.
u the
Palace
stud
"direct the used hoar; and, having visited the Rapt
Chamber, attended by the Physici4ns, reinaitted is
',Monet with the Patecesscs, end did not set out us
Ms feet() to Cetiton.heuse, till after nine o'chtck.
In the cope. of the forenooe, the 134ke of Villa
visited the Palace, 011 his way to Windsor C4filf•
and tiering histtay, his Royal flightless arcompoohi
the Putwaseid in their customary rooming watt •
Divine &cites was performed yesterday month",
in the great tirsvittoproom, by the Chaplain it waits
ing. Afterwards,-the Parasite walked out in the
private gardens behind the Palace.
. Yesterd4y,Viscount Stbstousit bad audience of tiri
IPazacs Reuss at Ciariton-tiouse.
On Saturday the Sotinish Ainbassador tranmetta •
business et the Cowls! oisro.
Mr. Gun, the King's Messe.vr, arria.4 its taint
on Thursday evening, with d vetches from Lord
Caert.citeaott, it Aie.la Chapy le.
• Saturday Sir HENRY Tounams, the Secretary to
the Commander In Chief, hail a long hiteiriew with
the CSIASCU•LOIL of the gacurmusa, at hal house in
Downieg.stcert.
The Director..G.nenal of the Custom* in Fuses
has notified to the Ministers of the loorisi and of
Abe Finances, t4M arse deities upon she lopristiou
faith rising, Waist ceased fot the resew :
waserbent, bread, sea-bisesif, potatoriopish, teed
*44
• •
As event has within these few days oecerrolst
Valenciennes which it well calculated to characterise
the people oho think the water of the Thames. There
was a horse.ihce, end numeirous bets were wade:
Telegraph, I.'Melair, Nelms, the Glorious. +be
nd Flaw da Pais. Vatted is
Regent, the Rapid, a
the arena. At; English Colonel, mounted on • aatmb
horse, in she midst of the coarse and at the moonset
when about to reach the goal, where victory swot{
to await him, fell down dead. Thu entoriomita
event, far from making any sensation, did not me
relax the artloar of the competitors. The Ettiliti
army lest one of its best officerma•-(French P•rr.)
By letters from Cadit we learn that the Colebor
about to sail for the ilarannah will carry out flow,
to the /timber probably of 1500 or tWO men, wha,
it it supposed, will be landed et some port in tis
Caroms, as a reinforcement to Munit.t.o. ,
In the last condageatioe at Coust4iititsople, fill
said, that. 9.0,000 house,• were destroyed.
We leant from St. i'etersburgh, that the Gerona
Emigrants who hate nettled on private Metes in Rd*
eta, prosper well. The Minister of the Intertoro hit
said, actively promotes the success of this spew(
colouiaation, which is equally advantageous ti tit
settlers and to the proprietors of aStateS.
A part of the wines destined for hls Majosty the
Emperor of itts.stA hare been seized by the Word
Customs of the Low Countries, for a false declaralim
of they prices.—( Paris Paper.)
All the dockyard lighters, and other 50)111 craft
thereto belonging, are ordered from the sews! prop'
to Flushing, to bring home army stores. The Ott"'
City of stores to be embarked, belonging to the dee
partmint of the Store.keerersGeneral of the Army
stoma, alitOilats; we owtherstowd, to go-mOO tons mei.
surement. The only two tremports lyingat Porte
mouth are fitting to proceed immediately to Carat,
for the ceeveyance !some of troops. The Wong
exertion will he eirtplivil to withdraw our forces
from, and finally evacuate the territory of Franc,.
The helmets of the Life Guards are shortly to la
esciesotted for large hair caps, similar to those worn
by the Grenadiers of the Foot Guards. The prowl '
,
helmets are found to be particularly Inconvenient,
and more especially in windy weather.. It it 09
that whets this change takes Ogee, they will thence
forwards be nominated " the Horse Grenadiers."
The weather lately at Paris hes been similartt
that in Loudon ; fine, warm, but unteasinsble.
the 7th, there war an exhibition of English ittoPl4ll:
at Aix.la.Chapelle, which the neigh writers colt!
hideous spectscle, and yet comp* the boxers to tu
Gladiators of -Greece and Rome.
The Sir John Cameron, from Q !elm. to Literi"4
was wrecked the 14th inst. near Waterford.
1
The Atelanta, Thew, from Jamaica to bettd
put into St. John's, Newfoundland, the
leaky and much &Magee, and it was sulitlow
would be obliged to discharge part of her cargm
The Westminster Sessions will CONlinvel" rh
Thursday nest. The business «ill be ahui°,
heavy, and the Sessions are expected to conaiude'•
at least font days.
