lilt imps** the origin of the, Mow as those aim,
•
detest It as tooth es the most herniae mat vow do.
' The body of the Nike de Berri, wide% bad Ism ote-1
vied to the apartment of the Ooveraor of the Loam, seas
removed on Tuesday into one of the apartments of she
south gallery of that palate, facing the Pew lietit
Crowds of people went to see the body lying In *tile,
the face being uncovered : the 'office or embalming was
afterwards performed. The privilege of viewing the
body was to continue for nine days, from Thursday last.
The remains are then to be remit*, to the Royal Se-
pulchre of the Kings of France, at St. Denis.
The Chamber of Peers assembled on Tuesday. The
President reported the answer of the King to their Ad-
dress. The Chamber then formed itself into a Court of
Justice. M. Ilellart accused Lottvel and his *mom-
pliers of high treason for the assassination of the Duke
de Berri. A Commission was ordered to be formed ;
further proceeding was then adjourned till six o'clock,•
when the Peers re-assembled. The Minister of the
Interior submitted a project of Law, tending to ren-
! der all political Journals liable to a previous
sorship.—Ordered to be printed.—Adjourned till the
following day. The Chamber of Illeputies met on
the same day. The proceedings were confused and irre-
gular. M. Clause' repeated an extraordinary proposi-,
Lion which he had previously made, of impeaching N. as.
Cases of high treason, as being one of the instigaihrs t 6
the murder of the Duke de Berri. When the t lt,'
howevet, hail in some degree subsided, the Mitii4ter of
the Interior, with a great deal of hesitation and fear,
rose to propose the long expected project on the Itn
or ELECTION. To enumerate the various titles or heads
would be fatiguing to the reader, and too diffuse for our
paper of to-day.

Events may indeed be said to roll on with irresistible
force. They begin to assume a character at once ominous
anal awful. Since the establishment of the HOLY ALL,-
ANUS for watching over the interest of Sovereigns, and
checking the pretensions of men in society, with regard
to their franchises and rights, the patriots of all coun-
tries in Europe appear to take a mutual interest in what-
ever is done in any one of their cities, which may im-
mediately or remotely hare relation to their future
liberty and consequent happiness. Thus it is that the
friends of freedom in England watch with almost as
much solicitude the progress of the war against despotism
in Spain, as if the struggle were in England. The
moral world now is found, by the discovery of printing,
which has diffused knowledge in every direction, to be
connected, like the aqueous world, by sinuses or straits:
so that, as well as if it were possible to swell the bulk
of waters in the great Southern ocean, a portion of the
addition must run into the Atlantic, and come to our
own very shores; and if there be more or less of liberty
obtained in any one of the no.v anal newly incorporated
kingdoms of Europe, that of Britain will he in some
proportion a sharer of it, anal rice stria. We ninst not
then, like children, be talked out of our rights as men;
nor be scared from our honest and jnst purposes, by the
syrophaney and sophistry of a set of corrupt, mer-
cenary. prostituted writers. These wretchei., devoted
to slavery for the profit it brings them, take every
opportunity of throwing in the teeth of free writers the
blame of every sinister or indefensible occurrence of the
political or fanatical bigot. The dagger of SANOT is
said to have been put into his hands, or its point di-
rected by the writings of the men standing up for the
privileges of human nature. The insolent, the calum-
nious, the corrupt Carrier of last night, after narrating
the particulars of the assassination of the Duke de
Beam, dares to say, that its " readers will doubtless
agree with the Count de Lasocanosinatc,‘ that the
atrocious crime is clearly to be traced to those fibers/
writings, which, in France as well as in England, have
aimed at the extinction of all jnst moral feelings."—
The Editor adds, " the first step towards a practical ap-
plication of those writings must necessarily be assassi-
nation, plunder, and anarchy." It adds, " the moment
theory becomes action, blood must inevitably flow ;"
and then concludes the important section of his long
spun treatise, by the apostrophe, " how vigilantly.
therefore, the Bovernment of country, where such
wretches pollute the public mind by their detestable
doctrines, should exert itself to punish the authors, and
suppress their lucubrations." When Lzest.tertmt was
a‘sassinated in the Palais-royal by a subaltern officer of
the French King's guards, the deed was not charged to
the account of the twin writers against the progress of
the Revolution. There will always be enthusiasts and
fanatics on all great questions and occasions. We lamer;
the occurrence and detest assassination, but the deed
ought not, and shall not make us desist from advocating
the cause of the injured people of Britain. We shall be
sorry to see the character of the French changed so
much for the worse: but it will be the fault of the
remanent which fills the minds of the people with Ip4
hension of losing all which they have hoped to gala, by 1
twenty-five years of sacrifice. They ought not to be
thrown back into the state they were before the Revolts-
tion. It was formerly the constant practice of the French
to ease their grief about public misfortune with sop
and epigrams. It will be dreadful indeed. if they chow
the pen for the stiletto, The Italians generally use dm
dagger to avenge themselves. Ask them why they re-
sort to this horrid expedient, and They will tell you it is
because they can have no redress by the law against a
man of wealth, rank, or power! ! If liovernments
complain of unlawful outrages, all the Members of them '
ought to be sure they pay a proper attention to the
LAWS and CONSTITUTIONS of their country themselves;
and not change them at the wish, will, or caprieo of
those few personages who may happen to be Owed ot
the head of such Bovernvnetsts.

One readers will observe, that according to the sew
Constitntional Law of France, those acts of High Tres-
son which comprise attempts on the life of the King.
or any member of the Royal Family, are tried by the
Peers, and not is the ordinary Coons of Jude% as in
Engkod • ley which Hadfield, who tired at the King in
Drury-Li:se Theatre, was tried.
There cannot be a stronger proof of the total discon-
nection of the friends of freedom with all oatrages of
the names of tide which has ealkd up so poen] an if
fiction and coveters in Pewee% dies that thev ue
al-
ways wised nleon by despo.• and eiessiee to lately, to
abridge the people of their fraothlors sad tigirts. Sock
is evidently the VW ib.W.
