7'

•
r ,
-
'

liptiCt, bet divested r... 1 that bi4otry which
grades the enderstandinc, and is the chief
diem in the slavery a* SpasWirt' '
it suits a fat friar's interests to teach it. The
• diens are, above ati,• attached to General Bolivar,
*mauve he has delivered them from the paternal
Government of the Capuchins, who thought • they
itaeas.gooti a title to all the issues and, profits of
the Indian's labour by Divine right is his Catholic
Alvjeity his to America by the Pops's 8011. no
former are now governed, like other. people, by the,
.Arotherity, and have saamlar'. Cbt*lllett to
. instruct' them, who are erag sal4o*.ifk; la that ay
. thority. • This is certainly a great relief to the-41th-
.fortonate Aoriginee, who have hitherto been' the
-tiotiona, in all Abelr temporal cowers., of the Pro-
festers of Needy and Celibacy-4w° auseroral
'vows in difficeit to.observe, and certainly is badly'
observed among the Spanish Clergy in general, that
'a more **lightened age iboold have long since be-
Icolahed them with the other prejodicei, which have
'Wed to reason and eziletiontets. A proof of this'
• lreceasity. was *aimed by :oprra;, if forty Telests
N
"hewing preseuted a petition- to Rays!
of CII4IIIICM, even prior to the ItpiolitiOir in Utah
Amodio; asserting their right to marry. This Oril
not admitted but those, who (*old pay for it were
-able to 'Wale a ROrel Order; soder Gedorii
!oalaiatratiool to legitimate their, bastards•fl
. •

..ri: .

tREIVCII Pd PELF,

$,

t PAW, APB 13.—..Ageard of gee d'isimetfoli plied
it the hotel erthe Duke of Wellington.
•‘• -We have endeavoereil to collect some accurate
details respecting the odioes attempt to assassinate
4he Duke of Wellington. On the night of the 10th
-and 11tH, towards one o'dock.in the morning, at
the moment when the Duke'. carriage was entering his
hotel, a pistol shot was fired et him. Ilia Grace was
Iso,t toothed, 'nor was the earriage. The servant who
•was behind, mid the two sentinels who were at the
grand entrance, immediately pursued the assassin,
but he escaped, iu consequence of the darkness of
the night.
In bis Bight he passed by two servants of the Duke
of Wellington, who were returning, and were near
the street of the Champs Elyseee, end that of the
caesium% St. Honore. liatiug heard, nearly at the
muse moinest, the cries of the sentinels and the other
lamas, they immediately joined in the pursuit; but
it appears they lost sight of the miscreant near the
the Church of la Madeleine. Notwithstanding
every effort, they have been enable to find the ball :
but some information already obtainedly the Police,
Aires us reason to hope the author of this attempt will
be disc. vered...Vournal de Paris.)
The +Deka of Welliogion.rode out yesterday on
horseback along the Boulevards. In the evening his
Vries was whited by the Grand Dignitaries of State,
sad many of the Ministers and Marshals.
Yesterday their Excelleeties the Ambassadors and
,Ministers of Foreign Powers, as well as the Mini.
uteri of France, paid a visit to the Duke of Welling-
19e. In the evening the most distinguished persona
of the Cepa and City left their names at bis Grace's
2reddince • and to-day there is the same concourse of
All the letters from Genoa confirm the intelligence.
that the Court of Sardinia, le making maritime preps.
'rodents, which announce an espedition against the pi-
ratic; of Algiers.
VIENNA, JAN. 3l.—A Courier, who arrived at
'Bucharest in the night between the 14th and 43th in..
want has brought intelligence of a great change
which hes. eneepectedly tiken place in the Ottoman
Itinietry: The Kiaje Bey (Minister of the Interior),
Tscaushcn Baschi (Marshal of the Empire), and the
Grand Vizier have been deposed, and the latter is
succeeded, in the first dignity of the State, by
.perish Pacha, Pacha of Broom, a man
generally knoin far his severity. The Selihdar Aga
`has also been deposed, but without being disgraced.
TRIBUNAL OF CORRECTIONAL POLICE OF
ROUEN. Fee, 11-
AFFAIIt OF MATIIURIN BRUNEAU.
At ten o'clock a gendarme and the jailer intro- The Message of the American PRESIDENT to Con-
duced the Prisoner, Mathurin Brunean. gress, relative to the occupation of Amelia Island,
The fourth witness, Jacques Quinn, aged 45, a seems to indicate further attempts on the Florida',
field-guard at Vexing, declared—Since 1790 I had and some alarm has beeriezpressed as to the cause-
'lwo absent from Vezina, but I heard say on return-
ing there in 1815, that mothurin Bruneon, who quences of such occupation on the pacific relations
called himself Baron de Vezins, had returned. 1 between certain European Nations and the United
there saw him and recognized him for Mathurin Bre- States. We know not what farther views the Gen;
neau. lie asked me to guide himlo St. Aubin Co. vernmetst of the United States may have in conies.
bigny. I consented; and, on the following morn• plation, or what results may atteud its encroach.'
tog, he paid the expellees, gave me six francs, and
manta ; but it would not very much surprise us to find°
ire separated.
that the Court of Madrid bad been bartering away
PRESIDENT.—Do you know the witness.
Breneas.—Yes, as my conductor. the Floridas in the same manner and for the same.
Msdame Cassin, an innkeeper, stated that she object as k very conscientiously disposed of its ac.'
had recognized Sruneau, after an absence of 16 quiescence to the Abolition of the Slave Trade some
veers, and that he had claimed a bag which he had
years hence. In fact, we believe, that a negeciation
formerly left with her when he went off, without
paying his bill. . .. for the purchase of Ftorideby the United States h
Breneae 6;ncei that he had not paid her, having Tar advanced, and that a part of the consideratiee
bad in his possession 10,000 francs, and thatihe money has been already paid. It appears from the
bag bad been left for private reasons. • American Papers, that advice, had reached Phila.
The Pne•toENT.—Bruneen, you have been a sel
..elelebia -from the'River Plate to the 11th of Nome.
dier—yea have served?.
Broneats.—Yes ; and if you will come out 404 filer, sating that the Patriot Gellert; Sr. MA arm,
eae, I shall prove it to you. would probably, before many eoliths, make an at-
Pierre Praha-boa deposed that he lid conducted tempt upon. Lima :lie had Ser 9000 troops in good
the Prisoner to Varela*, and bad lent him P 2 francs/ order and well disciplined ; bet, it is said, a strong
thinking is to be son bf Madame Pheliptuz, as
party is skiving to divest him of the command.
Innkeeper at Varestte. ..t -....111111Y. '
Madam* Phellpasi deposed, that he had present.'
*I himself to her as her son, returned from the army, We coetflle Asir cis Spanish
and had rectived 6004ranes from her as such. : Mali of the operations:of the arstiet.' The Patriots
Branum—l, however, often told you I was not of Venezuela are triumphantly successiel. Colonel
your son. Bow could Ibe the child of 36 families A
asLDAMAt belonging to Itloarxxo's OM, had basal
—ldatherin Bream, Aegeste, Baron do Vezins
defeated by ARAZA,. ,
wpin',Gan de toe items, a
Pierre Labels*, General Moores In Spainn and
finelly• Loads XVII.? . place between Calaboso and San Sebastian de los
Eolalie Phelipeae, dOughter of the former witness, Reyes. Wl= took 100- mules laden with ave.
declared, When she first' saw hilt, she thought.him munitioNlioribUir way to Calabozo, ender an escort
an original.—(Great laughter.) of 8001* ZauszA had also taken thaimportant
Dominique Tijon Genii deposed, that he bad once
g"" rama . Far a further exposition
called hid; Phelipesex ; but the Prisoner, in a very
haughty tone, desired him to call bits Charles de a the stette•wil-affairs and of public sentiment in
Navitte, and that, irbefailed levespect, he shouldlflonth Ameable,,.we fifer to the extreetil.• a letter
be punished by the Veudeau Chief!) with all of whom from Port Spain, which we insert iu another column.

TUSIDAT, FEBRUA.ILT 17, lel a.

A farther arrival of American Pape►s reached as
this solving, including New York to the 2lst, Bos-
ton, Baltimore, and Alexandrian 'Gazettes and
Journals to the 17th ult. The report of the Con-
gress proceedings brings as yet no discussion on the
PRESIDENT'S Message regarding the occupation of
Amelia Island. The following is given as the latest
account Trom Amelia :••-
SATANNAII, J.N. 2.—By a. Gentleman who left
that Island on the 26th ult. we are informed, that,
on the arrival of the United States' sqnadron on the
22d, dispatches were immediately forwarded from
the Prometheus to MIRY, who returned for answer,
thaLbe did not intend resistance, but would have
willingly surrendered the place to the Saranac alone,
if such a demand had been made. Nest day, the 23d,
the American squadron anchored in the harbour of
Amelia Island, and landed about 200 heilthy look-
ing troops, who marched op to the tunes of Bail Co-
lumbia, and Yankee Doodle, and took possession
of the Fort, where the American flog was instantly
displayed. As our troops landed on the beach,
Anal( ordered a gun loaded with blank cartridge to be
bred, and immediately hauled down the slesierio

lours. lie'and his men are allowed ln remain until.they
Can conveniently embark, with whatever belongs to
them, but are prohibitedtlie_weating of side arms.—
At the time of surrendering.ihe►a "reveal% privateers
and three prizes in the harbour—the tatter have
since been aogetented by two more, a ship, prize to
the Mexican Congress, and a Inner, taken by the
Patriots. All of them, as our informant under-
stood, would be allowed to depart with MIR Y.—
Our informant further states, that the American
squadron was busily employed, when he left there,
in landing a large quantity of ordnance ■nd ammu-
nition."
The Alexandria Paper contains a kind of vindica-
tion, addressed by Commodore Avav to his Lsgisis•
live Body, previous to the occupation of Amelia by
`the United. States.
