DIrt'ION.IKY OF' bt,IEN rir w yKit,vls,_

(As a Companion to. Dr. Johnson's Dictionary)
L ewe large volumes, 410. Musty ated by 00 topper-plates,
and more than 500 diagrams, price N. Ss.
lINWERSAL TECHNOLOGICAL DICTIONARY;
or Familiar Explanation of the Terms used in all
Arcs end Sciences; containing Definitions drawn from ori-
ginal ‘Vriters.,•,
GEORGE CRABS, A.T.
Anthdr of English Synonym's Etplalned.
• T.ondoit : Printed (or Said% in, Cradoek. anti Joy.
•„• For variety and comprehensiveness of information,
aystematic arrangement, and practical utility, this work
challenges competition. It has a decided superiority °Ter,
carry other book of reference; end the publishers look for-
ward to the period, at no great distance, when its maerite
being fully known and duly appreciated by the pubic, there
will not he found a lover of literature..iri.this or any other
country. where the English language la known, who will
not con4ider the Trchuo.ogical Dictionary an Important at-
gslaition to his library.

A ROWLAND AND SON, Sole Proprietors of the
A
ORIGINAL. MACASSAR OIL, for thelirowth
of Hair, Respectfully Inform the Nobility, Gentry. and Pub-
lic at large, tkey have RILMOVXD to 20, Hatton Garden ; and,
'esti beg to
CAUTION, That Flagrant Impostors are vending a spa-
riot's Article ander this name;' they perehase the empty
bottles, and attempt to deceive the -Public with eperions
Macassar Oil, composed of injurious ingredients. calling It
the genuine, and offering it for sale at a lower price, sad
without the label, and others sign " Rowlandsott," imitat-
ing the signature, which renders it necessary on persitedng,
to ask for ROWLAND's MACASSAR OIL, and strictly to
observe that none are genuine without the little book inside
the wrapper ; and the label is signed on the outside, is Red,
" A: ROWLAND AND SON."—The prices are Ss.
lus. 6d. and 21s. per bottle. All other prices are Is-
positiona.—Tbe geneloe has the address on the label, "No.
20, Hatton Garden."
Also, RED WHISKERS. GREY WHISKERS, EYE-
BRO%VS, Hair on the Head, effeeteMly changed to Brown
or Black. by the use of ROWLAND's ESSENCE oft
' TYKE: by merely wetting the Hale, it imatediately pro-
duces a perfect change. Price 45.-7 s. bd. and Ms. Od. per
bottle.
Sold by the Sole Proprietors, A. Rowland and Son. No.
20, Hatt th Garden, Holborn, London; and by appointment,
at Meseta. Hendries, Titchbourne-.treat; Smyth. 117. (rat-
tle and Pierce. 67, D. Rigge, 56, New Bond-street; Bar ey
and Brew, Coekspur-street ; Sanger, 150, Oxford-street;
Berry and Co. tz, Greek-street; Butlers, 4, Cbeepside. and
920, Regent. strret ; Rowney, 108, Hatton-Garden; I. T.
Rigge, 65, Cbeapside.; Taite, 41, Johnston, 66, Cornkill
Newberry, 45, Edwards, 88, St. Peel's Church-yard; Sut-
ton, Bow Church-yard; Burgess, 6s, Holborn-hill; Low,
330, Prout, 2E9. Strand ; Barclay and Sons. 93, Fleet-mar-
ket ; Ford. Fenchurch-street ; Colley, 28, Wharton, Bi-
shopagate-street; Bartlett, Hatton-garden ; Swift, 22, High'
Holborn ; Gibbing, Fleet-market; Swift, Holborn ; Gra wee,
Oxford-street ; Woodman, Piccadilly ; and Nix. Royal Ex.
change ; and by most Perfumers and Medicine Venders.
Ask for " Rowland's Oil," or " Rowland's Dye," andl
.ob the signature, " A. ROWLAND and SON."

Demur et pierces
Thy house, and (in the cap of life,
That 114)00y-drop) thy pleasing wife. •
SOCRATES, by his Discourse on Marriage, so enrap-
ttired his auditors with the subject, that the married
nes flew to their wives, and the bachelors hastened to be
wedded; and "The Spectator" has efilroseel, that the word
" wife" is the most agreeable and delightful 'lmola mature.
The sacred institution, then, of marriage, compasses the
desideraturis of our enjoyment ; teeming not only with hap-
piness oil earth. but disposing the soul itself to harmonize
with bliss hereafter.
Previous, however, to entering into this hallowed Wi-
eldiest, it becomes an Imperative duty, not only to regulate
the /Assign,, het to cleanse the grosser nature from those
impunities which the freedom of unrestricted pleasure may
haul: tailed upon it. To the neglect of such attention are
attribmable, many of those hapless instances, which while
They suite the commiseration of the beholder, should also
ImPlies him with the feer of self-reproach.
Lezetious habits will effemlnize the toody—a residence In
the tropics will• raise the elastic Obre--bat more especially
goes theprereiture infatuation of youth too frequently com-
promise the natural dignity into a state of inanition, from
whence the agonized sufferer more than doubts the chance of
relief. To all such, then, we 'address ourselves, offering
hope—energy—muscular strength—felicity: nor will oar
editor:es appear questionable, sanctioned as they are by the
traltiplied proofs of twenty years successful experience.
The easy cares of married life are sometimes disturbed by
the suspension of those blessings ertiela concentrate the
nuptial wreath—for the female habit is often constitutionally
weak-pet it can be strengthened, and deficient energy Im-
proved into functional power.
la every .ease of syphilitic intrusion, u well as in every
relaution of the generative economy, we pledge our ability
•Teure speedily. and witts.effeet. Earnestly sulieltoas to
expel the unfeeling empiric from the position so presumpta-
slily taken up, we deviate from general prindpleswith less
hesitation ; and confident io oar own honourable integrity
Is Members of the College of Surgeons, we refer the suffer-
/It mionntmity of either Sex (especially those entering into
matrimonial life) at once to our hones, where daily attend-*
tees is given for petsonsl consultation; and letters from the
reentry are immediately answered ; these most eontsla a
remittance for Advice and Medicine, which'ean be forward-
ed to any pert yf the world, however distant.
GOSS and Co, M.K.C. Surgeons.
No. I I. Souserie-street, Fleet-street, London.
***Private Door round the Corner.
.Tbst published (hitteenth Edition), I, Tit; Lots of Lure.
I familiar commenter* on the above Diseases:L-9d. Arm-
"i4eddressed exclusiveiy to the Female 130.—May be had
at Patererieter.row ; 69, Pall Mall;' Princes-street,
mks; in, Fleet-street ; Porter, 79, Urafton.street, Dub-
; Jean. Troagate Glasgow; aid of all Booksel-
ler', Mice as.

I

HEALTH, THE GREAT GIFT OF HEAVEN_
THE EGYPTIAN TINCTURE demands the most
serious attestion of those who labour order Dis-
eases of the Skin, viz. Scurvy, Leprosy, Pimpled and
Scurfy Faces, Decayed Gems, bad Breath, Sic. &c. The
Proprietor impressed with a jest and humane sense of those
calamitous results, *has introclaose. the *hove Medicine as
one of the most extraordinary discoveries of the age. It
combines the essential and occult sirtnes of all Scorbutic
Vegetables, which bleedieg and assimilating with thole.
noes and arterial blood; it corrects, purifies, animatesosid.,
Impels through the whole system, cleausiag the glandaipr
pails) and stimulating the fibres,*hereby the gastric *lee
and digestion are promoted. It dissolves viscid heroes's,
,preserves the gums, sweetens the breath, expels infectious,
restores the natural perspiration, and promotes • more ge-
neral circulation in all stages ottbose perplexing comPonts.
The Proprietor earnestly solicits a trial, as its great merits
should be generally known for the rood of mankind. si a
preventive, alterative, sad purifier of the blood. Thq;ltgyp-
Hen Tincture is an absolute specific, aught' not its equel
the world.
Sold in bottles. price Si. Od. and is. 111.wi 45, I.itinor-
pond-street, Gray's Ines Londod, and do 'otlteipraoe in dm'
kingdom.

111P8ICIAL PARLIAItENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-MONDAY.

Revere private bills were brought up from the HOMO
of Commons, and read a first time.
A per** from tlie office of chief gecretary in Ireland,
bronght op the Fourth report of the Commissioners on
Irish Fisheries,
The Reg! of DONOUGHMORE presented a petition
front flereed Parker, Clerk of the Crown for Limerick,
against shill which wars now brfore the other House of
Parliament for regal ating Orand Jury Presentments in
Irclaed.s-sAdjourned.
-
IFOUSE OF COMMONS.—Mtalnair.
Mr. /Alison from the office of the Chief Secretary
S to it Ireland. brought up copies of the Grand,
Panels for the City of Dublin, which were laid on
the table.

Lord BERNARD Oresetyed a petition from the tanners
of the awn of Bandon aguinat the duty on bark.—Laid
on the table.
Sir It. SHAW presented a petition from the Chambei
Alebwaniglifilof Duhlin to regu fate the laws of merchabik
—bald on-The tablO.
Sir J. RO WLRY presented a petition from the tanners
of IC naale. prayi at for a reduction of the duties on foreign
bark.—Lail on the table.

Sir JOHN NEWPMt r presented a petition from the
Coroners of the County of Oalway, praying to be restoreJ
-to their fees.—Laid on the table.

Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from the tan-
ners of Wexford, praying for a reduction of duty on
foreign bark.—Laid on the table.
Mr. Sberiif Lucas appeared at the hir with a petition
front the Lurd hlayor, Aldermen, and Commons of Lon
don, against the Bill in progress throngli the House. for
the recovery of small debts.—Lr.id on the table.
Mr. COOKE presented a petition from certain own-
ers and occupiers of land in the vicinity of Norwich,
complaining of agricultural dittress.—Laid on the table. •
Mr. STUART WORTLEY
_presented a petition from
the shoe-makers, tanners, saddTeee, and currier. of the
town of Whitby, for removing the whole of the duty on
leather.—Laid on the table.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented a petition from the in-
habitants of the parish of Hardingham, in the county
of Northampton, against. negro slavery.—Laid on the
table. •
Mr. S. RICE presentees petition from the Corporation
of the Chamber of Istinameree of Limerick for the reduc-
tion of the tax's* Loather. •
Mr. CALCRABT, after "sorrso'contirsation with Mr.
Stuart Wortley, said he would bring on his promised mo-
tion on the subject that evening, as anon as the inquiry
into theconduct of the Sheriff of Dublin terminated,
which, he understood, was prevented by the delay of the
examination of only ooe witness more.
The petition was then 'laid on the table, as was also a
similar petition from Belfast.
Sir R. PER6USON p ted a petition from the
hianufactarers and Dealers in the Linen Trade in Kirk-
caldy, In the county of Fife, against the Bill in progress
through the Howse for altering-the Doty on Sulphur.
The petition, after a few words from Mr. HUME, was
ordered to he printed.
Sir T. LETHBRI DOE presented a, petition front Mr.
Parker; who stated that he left Ireand in 1819, with
about 229 individuals, is the hope of bettering his for-
tune, under a Parliclicotary grant of land in the-South
of Africa, bet was disappointed by theconduct of Colonel
Bird, the Secretary to the Dorerhor of the Cape of
tiood,Hope. He prayed for an inquiry into his ease, and
for such relief as the Hon. House in its wisdom should
think fit. •

The petition was then bronzht np, and, on the (va-
dat that it be hid oa the table,

Mr. WI teMOT said t4at the correspondence was so
voluminous, that it woa4.lake a hang time to examiee it
fully. He could • ware the House that he hed the
strongest prima fdeie cage against the petitioner. He
would wish that cite petition he printed, and he would
be happy to afford any Honourable lientlemen every in-
formation.-

Mr. HOME hoped that the Hon. Baronet world con-
clude with some saberantive motion. He was most anxious
that a Goturnitte aboold be appointed to examine into the
state of the Colony.
Mr. WILMOT was ready to firnish the amplest do-
Millen Gs

Mr. HUTCHINSON believed the subject was one of
individual geipvance ably.
Mr. U. BENNET said that the expedition to Algoa
Bay reduced parties engaged in it to misery and
waist. He intended to submit a motion on the sabject at
some future per*.
Sir N. COLTHURST was in favour of an inquiry into
the allegations of the petition.
The petition was then laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed,. •
Sergeant fIiNOLOW moved that the second reading
of the Usury Repeal' Bill be adjourned to that day fort-
night. "'
• .IfllkitlFF OF DUBLIN.
On the melfiesi.of Mr.. CALGRAFF, the House resolv-
ed itself intoa Coenosittee on the Irish Inquiry, Sir Hobert
Heron in the Chair.
Sir A. B. Msg. Batt., called in, and examined by Sir J.
NEWPORT-4-opplied to you on the former night, to
ascertain gyve were an Orangeman previous to tile new
system of IM 1.-I was.
I wish to ask yen, did you take the oath under the old
system ?—1
Will the 'heti, slate if the oath be took be that which
I now read ?.
I, A. 8., do solanaly and sincerely swear, of my own
free will and accord, that I will, to the utmost of my power,
support and Xlefesd the present King, George the 'rain!, his
heirs and suciessors. so long as he or they support the
Protestant Asonsitaucy. the Constitution and the Laws of
these hitsydoms; and that I will ever bold sacred the name
of our gloritinti deliverer, William the Third, Prince of
Orange; and I de farther swear. that I am not, nor ever
was, a RosniaOathelle or Papist ; that I was not, am not,
nor ever will be, a United Irianman ; mud that I never took
the oath of sewswy to that or any ether treasonable society ;
and I d 6 rerun* swear, in the presence of ALMIGHTY GOD.
that I will allays coastal, and never will reveal, either
part or parts or wkat is now to be privately communicated
to me, until ITshall be authorised so to do by the proper au.
thorities of the 'Orawate Associatioe ; that I will neither
write it nor indict itt stamp, print, or engrave it, nor cease
it to be so doee;ots piper, parchment, lead, brick, stick,
atone, or any thew so that it may he known ; aid I do fur-
ther swear, that Ihavenot, to my knowledge or belief been
proposed sad -ndeeted is: or expelled fruin any other,Orange
Lodge ; and that iiiew beconie an °yawn= without fear,
bribery, or correptfes. So help one Gee.
I ask you mbotlier-• the oath yon Wok and that which
I have read, are tht Fame ?—I dannot take upon myself
to say that allibeirdrds which the Finn, Dire, has read
are in the oath I'bige taken, but I think they are sub-
stantially thews**,
lwish tifitaoriihhit oath contains the secret articles
in the declivadoes.-o.t ioteninly swear, in'the piesence of
AtmuurrX *Ds that will always conceal, and never
0

PRICE SEVEN PEN%

mill reveal, either part or pills of what is now to be pr;
vately communicated to me, unless to a brother Mauve.
man." I wish to know whether one of the secret articles
so communicated is that which states "that sie wilt A.ac
true allegiance to his Majesty King Georgr 111., his heirs
and successors, so long as he or they support the Protss.
tant ascendancy ; and that we will faithfully support and
maintain the laws and constitution of these kingdomt
—lt is not one of the secret articles
Was it one of the secret wicks of the Orangemen ?
That was a public wilds.
Was it not pat t of the secret obligation ?—Was it not
part of the obligation of the Hon. Baronet ?—lt if parr
of the declaration of the Orange Societies, but no part of
the secret articles.
Is it not part of the Hon. Baronet's engagements ?
Unquestionably ; the u hole declaration is an engage-
ment.

I
really think the question it a simple one. I ask, ja it a
part of the engagement lie enterej into ?-1 have ex- '
plained that it is a part of the Orange lustitatinn, but-no
part of the secret article. I wish to give the fullest at
fairest answer.
Did the lion. Baronet enter into that article ?—" Tha:
we are not to see a brother effeedild for sixpence, oe one
ghillie', or more, if convenient, which must be returned
next meeting night, if possible ?"—1 have no recollec-
tion.

Or this article—" We must five the first assault to /my '
person whatever. thatmay bring a brother into trouble?
—I have no recollection.

Or this article—" We are not to carry goods from any
person,except guns, arms and ammunition only, from our
enemies:"-1 never beard of it before.

Is tbat any part of the declaration which the witness
has handed to the House ?—Nut at all.
Or the article —" We are to appear in ten hours' warn-
ing, or whatever time is required, if possible (provided it
is not hurtful to ourselves or families, and th it we are
served with a lawful summons from the Master), other-
wise we are fined as the company thiuh proprr ?"—No
such thing ; I never heard of it.
Or this article?—" No man can be admitted as Ist
Orangeman without the approbstion of the lodge i'''••••
No man can be admitted without it.

" An Orangeman is to keep his own and his brothers'
secrets, except in eases of murder, treason, and perjury?"
—No such obligaiion ; Dever that I heard.

No Roman Catholic can to admitted?—Certainly not
Does the Hon. baronet recollect bow he gratuitously
distributed a book in the year 1820 ?--I do.
Was that a collection of extracts of the rules and re-
gulations of the Orange Societies, prepared by order of
the Grand Lodge of Ireland ?—lt was, and is that %I-flick
I have-delivered at the bar of the House.

Does the Hon. Baronet recollect whether there Is in
that paper a separate obligation for a Purplemsn from
theta an Orangeman ?—There there an ohl;ga-
tion on a Porplemon that he will keep the signs iis.d
tokens from the Orangemen, without the consent of the
superiors of his lodge?—There
-What are the words of a Purpleman's oath differing
from that of an Orangeman?—
The witness was o:dered to withdraw.

Mr. PEEL rose.—At that point of the examination he
was anxious to call the attention of the House to the
question then pot. On the preceding evening the House
had, by a large majority, expressed-an opinion that it
was better not to presa a sinsilar question.—(Hear, hear).
ft had virtually expressed an opinion that it would net
be an act of discretion to oress a question which inter-
fered with the obligation of an oath unnecessarily. The
opinion of the House was expressed by a large majority
of 73 for the adjournment. The Hunouryble Baronet
had at present pot a question to the witness to ascertain
what are the signs and tokens of Purplemen. (Sir J.
Newport here expressed dissent.—" Read, read.--
The question was read.)—.Well then, when the witness
is asked what are the words of the declaration, and he
is bound by an oath not to divulge them—and it is Vie
same question which the House bad already deLided
should not be enforced—if the answer to the qoesti yri
could be shown to be absolutely necessary, he (alr. P )
had no hesitation in saying, that the witness should be
obliged to answer it ; and if he refused, the Ho.:se,
though not disposed to resort to the extent of erfar‘-
ing an answer, would feel the necessity of displaying
its authority.—But if the answer be not wanted far
any legitimate purpose of the inquiry, there could
be very little done (he had no hesitation in sayinr)
to tranquillize Ireland, by sending the witness to
Newgate. The Honourable Baronet seeks not to As-
certain what the obligations of the oath are, but what
the symbols of a Purpleman are. In his opinion the
answer did not appear necessary for the enquiry. A Bill
was then on the table, the provisions of which would
eaten& to all these socie les, and neutralise their obt-
gaions and oaths—it would have the effect of rendering
them illegal within one fortnight's time. It was neee;-
sary to show. that the signs and sytnbo's of these eo•
defies were connected with the conduct of the Sheriff
of Dublin, before the Right Hon. Baronet coahl call on
the House to enforce them. He considered the House
would show a sound discretion by not for the wit-
ness to an answer.

Sir JOHN NEWPORT could not understand bow
any question could be more relevant to the enquiry,
than that which ascertained the obligations of an
Orangeman ; because the House has snstructed the
Committee to inquire into the conduct of the Sheriff for
impanelling a Jury of Orangemen to act between the
traversers and the Crown, and against tile, Lord-Lieu-
tenant of Ireland. Now the Right Hon. Gentleman
cannot understand what connection there is between the
symbols and the obligation of the oath. If the words
of the sign of recognition were " exterminate the Ca-
tholics," would it not be relevant to an enquiry into the
Sheriff's conduct, in placing Orangemen, wbo were
parties to it, on the panel. The question of relevancy
might be fairly put upon that issue. The question
was simply this, however the House might desire to
palliate it, and it would be so regarded by the coantry
—whether a witness, under pretence of an oath to keep
secret a sign or symbol, could defeat a Court of Justice
or the Court of Parliament, which ought to be plea-
mount to any Conn of Justice.—The Right Hon Gen-
tleman seemed to thinkthat the House had decided
the point, when they agreed to the adjournnwin on the
former evening ; but be appealed from that opinion to
the Hon. Ifembers themselves, and, in particular, to
the Honourable Member who moved the adjournment,
on that ozcasion. •It would be recollected that the
House was very thin, and the postponement of the
question proceeded rather from the ',dent", of the huur
then from any douht as to the praprie c of the inquiry..
But even if the construction which the Itight Hon.
Gentleman pat upon the decision of the Hou.e were
correct, it did not &alele that the natter iens nut
still open to discussion. It could not be said that the
witness was taken by surprise, fur the same questiou
had been often put in the cou•se of the inquiry, and.be
was admonished 1/ the Chairman that no secret. oath
could relieve him from answering to the questi.lns put by
e HOuse. Thetetore, if any op:hian was given by to

Bosse, it was a deliberate opinion, and not one by ion
plicadoe. lint if the feelings of this witness were to be
detterespected, he (Sir John) would ask bow the House
matild treat a United Irishman placed tinder the rote
circumstances?—(llear.) Wonid they show to him the
same indulgence that they now extended to this Orange
Chief? He would not give an opinion upon the treat-
ment which would be shown to a United Irishman at the
bar of this House of Commons ; but there were times
_And plates when be amid-orate frith -certainty as to the
meaner. in .whits such, a character would be treated,
• --aelfen n•tt only' woitid no indulgence be shown to his
Adliegal 'with. bbt the evidence would be extorted from
. ;litre shy any mean', 'sod at .all freely; —(Hear.) The
relevancy or irrelevancy of the question, was, after all,
• ,:tbe point in issue. Uiless tbe Honse were allowed to
Lem what an Orangeman was, esald they say whether
Jee not the Sheriff was guilty in milting out a Jury
Jesuit amongst them? .For aright they kneel, it might
I'e a Society using certain symbols common to all its
• : menthe's, by. which an understanding might exist
• bete een the traversers and the Jury? If such was the
ame. the whole charge against the Sheriff was committed
to it. It was, therefore, of the utmost importance to as-
cettaie this fact; but that the House should step short
at the very moment that the inquiry was becoming mate-
.. !MI, was at variance not only with justice, but totally
inconsistent with its own dignityand character.—(Hear)
t• —Let them thus place bounds to their powers, and this•
41,tuse ceased to be a supreme Court of 'lnquiry. What
"became. then, of the boast of the omnipotence of Parlia-
ment, and of the inquisitorial powers of this House, so
necessary to the administration of justice?—(Hear)
To defeat it at any time. in any inquiry, it would seem
that a witness bad only to take a secret oath, no matter
how' illegal, before he came to their bar, and then urge
the sacredness of that oath as a plea for net opening his
mouth. Was it possible that the Howe could be thus
either cajoled—or rather bullied ? Would Parliament
thus degrade itself? If at another time it was hinted
by any Hon. Member at that bide of the House, that
we should thus disgraCe them and ourselves, he would
he cried down as a man whose object it was to slander
Parliament. And what greater disgrace could they draw
• upon themselves, than thus to give the Orange chieftain
such a triumph over them ? It was said, that by visiting
upon this witness the punishment dne from the Injured
dignity of this House, we should give him a triumph by
making him a martyr In the cause. But was the triumph
'rester, that he should he a martyr rather than a victor?
—(Neer.) If he will glory in suffering in the cause, let
not, at least, his party have to boast of having triumphed
over this House. It was certainly impolitic to give any
party a ninetieth either by raising the merit of any in-
dividual by his sufferings, or by giving him a triumph.
lie (Sir J) wished from his heart, that all party was ex-
tingnished in Ireland, and he had Mille a suggestion to
the Right Hon. Gent. opposite (Mr. Peel) when he was
• Secretary for that eonntry, to bring in a Bill which
would suppress these factions. Bat if there was hitherto a
criminal neglect in conniving at their existence, was it to
be tolerated that in a solemn inquiry like this, their
illegal and secret oaths should be held as a bar to the
course of justice? This.faction, instead of being tlimi-
niibed in its power, had increased with impunity. They
scented to meat nothing to their complete establishment,
but the triumph which the House were now going to
give then'. It was staid that the principles of this society
were not of so rigid a nature as they had beets, but the
Agerion was, whet were they when the Sheriff made oat
Om panel? Upon the meaning of the word Orangeman
,depended the whole malt or innocence of the Sheriff. For
,these reasoatiohererorr, he should contend that the ques-
liOn which intended to be put was relevant to the parti-
cular inquiry before the Hopse. ,t
Mr. CA CC RA FT said, that having moyei the adjourn- I
ment of the discomien, en Friday night, on the motives of
which some diet:ewes of opinion bad arisen, he was
anirous to atate,What his motives really were. He certainly
had never liefilie Made that motion with the Vit.ll9 which
'the Right FlonMeittleinan opposite seemed to attach to it. I
• )fe never intended to.euehiob at that state allfurtber ex- ,
amlnation of the witottal-40 objection applying itself
. • entirely to the' particular sea.stin of time in which the
". question was started, for.' hr conceived , that the greet
„ length to which' 'the exisieUßStroll had already run that
;night, rendered it unfit tie prosecute it farther fur the pre-
-lent: And .hries the Wore .IMlticed to move an adjourn-
. 'merit, when llVlihard the At.; lion. Gent. opposite express
•ltisdeterminationofialtlpgicertiusgpestioosiwhjchwould
• inertainlytead, to other', had _there was.no,seeing where
Irtelfiqairy tietuld,stok Lei it nut be understood, how-
'ever, that he Intiilied • tfipreclade any Gentleman. from
asking such (readmit imetsanother oecasion, as he might
Jude"r 6t. He had no ditnCuity in saving, that for hist
he did not thiOk the qiiistion was a relevant pm par; hut if the
House watt of idifferent:oPinion, he was persuaded that
day stem; eegapentents into !,thich he ought have en
treed should shelter the *witness from the obligation of
• t
iins'werng sant? question put to hint by this House.—
Vfeart)—A% all evenki, he hoped, that whether the ques-
'dem was considered relevant or nor, the House would
signify t 6 thevitness that nothing cont.' justify hint in
• rilence at the bar of this Howie.
v. OOULBURN said he did not rise to argue that
any previont volonterY engagement into which a witness
fateteld lame entered' lterore be came is the bar of this
Moese, could shelter hun from the obligation of answer-
,lng'unerialifiedly to every„qoestion which might bepat to
•
VIM here., The power of the House in that particular
was universally admitted. But what he rose for was, to
asiert the right of evoty MeMber to discuss the relevancy
• sibli propriety orivery qneistion which should be put to a
nitres The Rt. Hon: Baronet opposite (Sir John New-
port) had treated the matter as if the witness bad been
asked a question and had refused to give an answer,
whereas, in fact, be had never yet been asked the ques-
ffon. This was what lie (Mr. G.) objected to. Now, as
a Member of this (louse. he (Mr. G.) would give an opi-
nion, that he did not think the question pertinent to the
present inquiry. It had Wm said it was ina•erial, so far
as some secret understanding night exist by secret signs
between the traversers and the Jury, but the Sheriff was
• not affected by any such tnnderstanding, unless it was
shown that he was cognoscent of it.—(Hear.)--It was in
proof that the Sheriff was not himself se Orangeman,
and what right, therefore, had the Right Hon. Baronet
to assume that he was arqnainted with theiraecret signs ?
Sochi a foundation was absolutely necessary to prosecut-
, log the inquiry ; but when that was not shown, he (Mr.
0.) was warranted in saving that the question was irre-
levant. And assuming it to be irrelevant, be would put it
to the House whether in sound discretion they should
reduce themselves to that pass, that they must make a
martyr of the witness in the cause. Let them consider
the effect wish such an advantage given to our party
Will produce in the present distracted state of Ireland.—'
At present there was no conflict hetweeo the House and
the witness, and the question might at this stage be pro-
perly raised, a ithout any conpromise of the privileges of
the House. The Right Hutiourable Baronet had asked
what coarse he (Mr. G.) would pursue towards a United
Irishman, jibe were placed under the same eircumataoces
at the bar. To this he would reply, that he would tell
him that no illegal oath should protect him against the
rwer of this House. but in either case, he should be
toast delicate in calling upon him to disclose secret*
'which were not material or pertinent to the matter in

lone.
ABERCROMBY thought that no question could be
whited of more importance to the character, authority, and
riirfutty of this House, or to the state and safety of irel-ind.
I,Htsr,) Whether we were now to go on with this course of
jewelry farther or to stop short, was a subject of considers-{
ties most *eighty and inomestous. $t was litiporsible,• in
NS opinion, to frame a snore relevant question. For what
