NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

i

DEAL, Nam. 30.—Remain in the Downs the Rol-
iksnake, Scourge, and Asp revenue loggers ; War-
kior, Niche, for the Cape of Good Hope, &c. with
several transports.
pvirrsmouTu, Nov. so.—kribrecutia....biaj"ry's
phipitilia,ftm the Downs; and livery, Hindman\
from Antwerp.

FALMOUTH, Nov. U.—Arrived the Ilinchiabroke
pa rket, Captain Sutton, with Mails from Lisbon, in
nine dip ; and Fairly, Rosuall, from Lendou.
Doyen, Nor. 30.—Arrived this morning the
schooner Famieles Ilxl6 Captain David • Coale, of
Bergen, from Tramalada, laden with- silt, bound'
to Gerken, in consequence of having split some of
ter sails.
Cove or Cone, Nov. 25.—Arrived Ms Majesty's
packet Speedy, with dispatches from Corunna.
Neu., No v.29.—Sailed his Majesty's cutter Swan,
Capt. Smith, with entered men for the Navy, bound
so Leith.

Younnku., Nov. Qt.—The brig New Thompson,
Barney, master, from Liverpool, with coal, went on
shore in this bay at L L o'clock last night in fine wa-
lker, and feared ale will be lost.
RAMSGATE, Nov. 30.—Came in several vessels for
shelter, some with the loss of anchors and cables,
others with damagd.—particulars to-morrow. •`

The Speedy packet bas brought a Mail from
Cnrunna, which shOswoleil at Cork. It reached Lon.
don to-day by the :Illy of Dublin, wad will be de-
livered this morning.
ON " TIIE FIELD OF WATERLOO."

i

While, to relieve the Bitterer 's pains,
The PYloPothisetb tan (heir gains,
In Charity diey're guff :
How much the Bird deserves app
Who, in • the patriotic CANR.
Path sacrilical hib wit !
Mealier salvo to his fame,
The well-versed Author dares to paint,—
That • be abroad did roam."
What, hat a sight of Waterloo,
To second his poWtic tiew.
Altered him from his home !
Ah. where the Bard's intrinbie fire.
That conscious Riese could not inspire,
Not for meridian blaze,

Warfornsed, but lights that sink a-for,
Mid Woe in twilight rays.
nod be but mock to days of yore,
&al bees contented to exploie
The mine of obsolete sultry ;
TIM legenda►y pen might still
Nave strock out treasures at his will,
Arad " cotve►d hie with glory."
Ws was the nom that struek the key.
Which chimed with ancient miostrelscy,
Atari iwit E th' =livened rove.
WU hi noels noliilemiiiiSisliffe•natt4-
TIC encrusted lore of ago past,
And stamped it still our own.
'Twits his to rate Time's mouldering dust,
And by-gone feats bereave of rust,
Their lustre to restore ;
Bright the exploit be seeks to brighten,
blocking the bardtc art to heighten,
'Twere well he bad ftirbore.
Who fleshed the bowline Flodden field,
£re bones °otitis un-Resh must yield,
Some share Of fame he drew :
'Tis not in all i'excei our lot—
'Tis for some Mare Welter Scott
To write of Waterloo.

4

H. A.

* See the " Advertiwment."

DRZADIon. Fans tg Mutt N.—Between the hoar.
of two and three o'clock, on Saturday morning, a
fife broke otlt in a house in Marl's Abbey, belong-
log to Mr. Elliott, a wholesale grocer, and adjoining
the house inhabited by him. The alarm was given by
the watchman, but by four o'clock the entire build-
ing was in flames. Three young men, apprentices,
anti the porter, who slept in the house, endeavoured
to escape from the flames, and sought an asylum in
the attic story =the violence of the conflagration
sat such, that In a short time they became ne•tr-
ly enveloped by fire. In that dreadful state,
they were seen iu their shirts, at the upper
story window, .Moking the most piteous supplica-
tions for asssistance, which it was utterly impel-
poksible to afford. They then ref 'trued into the back
room, and precipitated themselves into the yard,
where, from the effects of the fall, they, for a while,
lay for dead. Some time afterwards they were re-
movrcl iota Mr. Elliott's dwelling-house in a state
of insensibility. Notwithstanding the prompt at-
tendance of the different fire-engines of the city, '
the flames raged with such violence us to baffle
every exertion that could. be Made to preserve
the pihmises, which were burned down. The fire is
supposed to have been occasioned by the carelessness
of some person in the lower part of the house,
where It cork-cutter resided, who basing sat op
hie, left some shavings burning. The houses at
either side were for a considerable time in imminent
danger, and the whole neighbourhood was threaten-
ed, when the entire walls fell in, leaving not a
wreck behind. The premises were not insured.
We beg leave to Worm our Readers, that we
ha" tasted the Cape Wines of the quality as wirer.
tired in our Paper of this day by the Commercial.
Hall Wine Company, and can confidently recommend
it as being of the gond quality Voted in the 4drer-
'lenient, and consider it not only as the hest speci-
men of Cape weever drawk, but as being really a line-
flavoured, full.bodkd, and respectable Nine.
A Steam-Engine at Ilotywelt, of forty-horse
Power, has worked night and day incessantly for
moo mouths, with only one packing of the Royal
Patent Anti. Attrition, sold at No. 40. Charing.
awn, London, withent any other applicatiout

THE STATESMAN.

TO M. SEGENBR,
FIRST PRESIDENT OF THE ROYAL COURT

~r
0~..r.a lil~r"'fi

gen, altL- •

_

Our rational homage of Kier, founded• on a ge-
nerous presumption that
_they are qualified to ad-
minieter the complicated concerti, of the nation, and ;
that they have Integrity enough to respect nor rights,
and to husband the public revenue, I. a far better farce stet 0;
_
for the person and authority of the Sovereign, than ThisStitt—Notwithstanding your officially expressed the criminal and sensele-ss resource you have borrow- Mb dal
opinion, that" KINGS imam by the Grace of Got), ed from FRAUD, that" 'Kings reign by the GnAca ilieist t`
land not by CONSTITUTIONi," Crowned HOg IE
(leads are, or Gon, and not by CaTITTIONs." .
Sir Geo'
' the Vele,
n fact, neither more nor less than Pottle Fosc- lo
maatma, holding, indeed, the highest rank in the
This doctrine, which you would enforce by the
halter and the bayonet, in conjunction with a vile pe„sat,
priesthood, whose pretendedtion
faith and piety 11l ion- Ilse Isla,State, not in virtue of their talents, attainments, or
real their hypocrisy', must excite discussions fatal to that the
achievements, but of their ntit•re ! It seems to be a the principles you would establish. The British b) the
most lamentable defect in municipal law, that a male of his•
dynasty more manly in its origin, its characterand rounds,
pretensions, disdains to sock refuge in an impious : ,sirslchild, the instant he is horn, should become, under
falsehood from well-merited censure. The people of
particular circumstances, possessed of an hereditary
England love their King (car it est de tear ourratej, , an atilt!
supremacy over hit fellow-creatures. This detect THEY have made him what he is—he ONE'S hi.. al) fan
W eb ,
contains a reproach, that, great as our pro-Jury, .
his title, his splendid evtablishment, and lb f"rt"4
man higl
gress has beeu its arts and sciences, we are ample prneitdon for hi. family to the nation—he de- ,
. • try, cuss
lives nothing from Beaten but his existence and his core het,
yet INFANTS in legislation. The absurdity,
however, of rendering the happiness of millions an
virtues. The homage we pay him, is a compliment six or rev
to his wisdom and fidelity, and not to hie crown buts,
unfettered contingency on the mere accident of birth, , .
ann sceptre, which are the mere symbol. of OUR
.without any fence to protect us against deprarity cou!d
I AUTHORITY, confided for ear interest and con-
aiwould
Eq. mind or d fed of intellect, can only be surpassed . tenience to his care, and not the symbols of divine Defend..
e 1
l w
by the turpitude of exacting our conviction. that -1.
E
that he is endowed with the " GRACE of GOD,"as eritattce as you have ventured to assert.— man and
this CASUALTY reigns by .6, DIVIN
RIGIIr1" But though i King in England is not personally into all
ierporisible for his conduct, the men who are, °CPI*
nd that we owe him sencondt?ional submission ! ; his avowed ostensible Ministers are amenable to the 0'
nd that a being like ourselves, born with the same Pediment for the measures of the Crown • it to Ind!
' low, w
ppetites, the same propensities, liable to the saute .is beyond his prerogative to stand between them revere
itfirmitie; and imperfections, and destined like and impeachment, or to interrupt the legal Colcutt
.urselves to " Strut his hour on the stage," , march of justice by placing his sceptre be. ant. I
tad disappear, should be the sole and efts°. • tweet' the culprit and his punishment.--e—Here advsncemen;
ute master of our lives and fortunes !--•lt' it is that the potent end judicious misture of interest
a really. Sir, too much to require us tft tliivel democracy in our constitution (offensive as the word procuredtime he
. ack for ideas of all*
gience to that deplorable perd
is to you) triumphs over perverted royalty. and Igo 1,,,,
•hen impostors, taking advantage of the supersti- secures to our Monarchy, as It ought to do to all ferelent.
ion occasioned by the ignorance and fears of man- ' monarchies, those limitations without which Mo- through
iod, artfully substituted themselves as the living narchy would sink into a tyranny in the hands of ttlrl'ad
ymbols of the Divinity, instead of the consecrated lawyers and political edventurers,when the Sovereign lu th.
which
tones and other inanimate substances from whom . happens to be a booby ; or into the yet more polluted The De,
y preteuded to receive the commands •f the Al- hands of the Clergy, if he should be a bigot. You *eery ii
fifty ! . ' thirst no expect me to abandon a subject in which all adultery.
This theocracy, which supposes Con to have been mankind are interested, until I hove shamed you into Peet, for
e reigning Monarch nit earth, and the Priests the better principles, or convinced your countrymen ii:eved
ule interpreters of hit will, sublime in conception,
[adsil
that death is preferable to slavery. It rests with i.." of
'ut mischievous in Its elects, has left impressions en you to recover your faded reputation, and with them
Bel
i he human mind, at once fatal and humiliating, of to redeem their liberties. ; passage,
which you appear to have profited with all the et. •
I am, Sir, your humble servant, f veered of
frontery and chicanery of your profession. These 1 THE GHOST OF Witt6HINGTON. 4 again reC
.pretended organs of the Divinity, as you well know, • Loud. Nov E. • . Englan."
.
soon constituted themselves sovereigns of mankind; their at
'
and as the delusion was artfully preserved, that Gon FEMALE FASHIONS FOR DECEMBIOL. Barlow
1
was still their Monarch, they submitted to the frauds • --......... oil Soot
and extortions imposed upon them by the Priesthood, !
..11,110111 acweassatimie REPOSITORY OF ARTS, &C. 1 /1/1 tl
0 vjunses Dams —di arterialsalia'slip. Mitiernrath a frnek 'lrec'efieu
ender the full persuasion they were piously obeyiwg of twee trances leugth made of she sly I er-striped French Sittill foots,
the mandates (leaven _ Renee, as I hare 'heathy
.1::4":4 sibeelliflorma"""/"4!° the ft" with Fthl"," or bums. yrs g 1 it.;.7
of wslute satimetilusd wetbeeimmtgaibleab 4 • -
told you, the origin of-the pretended 66 Divine Rigid the freak has a holder of white Nati** edged Ao COrrefegi, 04 '
.Ir.!.FFIATI:.'
i raw. ap io the Eastern style, confined bya ciesseref ham. • and she l llf i
The body of the &two has open fronts, with a stonewher. WIWI . esi Welk
of Kings:" and such is the imposture—such the tr.
are severally trimmed si Seat,: I abort open sleeve to cotrtsposili .., : -I
nanny you would revive in this enlightened age.
with a quilling of tulle round the are,. , „I,3srlow avlgtrudgyir,
That you, Sir, whose education should have
muss:Amur
um Pram—Ldisse, of
ened down
eofteleant el% Tit po
rget
,:if
taught you the valet of character,—whose rank in awhile ratio ribbon, mid ornamented at the fell with a Weiler heard r
society placed you above the necessity of prostltu. •tifieleil
viest fet:tatilleogisesesunte
1 trimmedftin
w' ilgwellihittleilsatillf..bilt: drat: OH/mit
alliT•roomial
lion or mendicity,—shbuld have become a pauder to !sito.set salt festoons;,. steyerenr..nantesined,..aetrediherlostitteitzdb
it a dowse ,
pretensions'as impudent as they are ill-founded and ea:: or*Lfilina: tar;lielc:,„„l.,wr,„,„,ea with white wie visiting
sacrilegious, is an additional and melancholy proof ;.d•egtettlys.wititalundiamatweeloorrg with a
rrlfid°"riered luh . family,
;to the many we have upon record of the little de. wowed silks. . Coln= i
pendence the people can have on the integrity _ _ which ti
- _____
of a profession, which ought, in conjunction with AGRICULTURAL .REPORT FOR It was
their own virtues, to be their best shield and bul- NOVEMBER. . ispolalence
!nod s;
-...1.---
work against the inroads of despotism. To tell To the
fl _ harvest in reaseehmsee has snceeedesi iiiiriVies. 110 dotal
your countrymen, from the judgment seat in the seed time malty proptlizis ;oats
laskixeL:tesazidrisgragevesds.hit.rt: the rialoot_tes
halt of justice, and in the eery face of an experience laratr.:,ftee hee.c*.Pcfmmtwiti, dirt Imo poem, imprditwria :r sie.. , Gamey
b. words of
which gives the lie to your assertion, that " KINGS htS.t.adt!d !iierytetholpx rialt,,Paearedre
geuneer7 Y
ity :ahac
line errs been
thready
,t, and
REIGN BY T/I E GRACE OF GOD AND sewn remarkably luxuriant. It is ant prubabte_, not
child
NOT BY CONSTITUTIONS." What was it but inerah7a7tieiroepcoorbonetororthewcheneattraratlialuatikyrcomi
muuldweran.ble_quata iy
In all the course.
a cowardly, sordid, and a treacherous surrender, not well settled districts,
. the lands intended fur spring crop. are
either in the operation of fallowing, or already completed.—
only of your own honour, but of those rights of Beaus were never harvested in drier nr Suer condition. Pots- a reply,
Friend,
which you are by your situation the legal guardian,
tnot ,vioelldtki:Zl:ihkan, firhornieestikelladrriers ofota Ichreop",flibitri'tertireaqsosranlitl;iisli .hear anive
and which you should have relinquished only with your excellent, nodtihie reolrerally and
U Hoip6mPrwelbederelPortiouniciTiZy a gaud of his
life ? 'fell me, Sir, do you feel no contrition, no crop,a" ese uwilia,
nw,pityl,,neeerate the g-rip.iver. The maul market
bin in reducing
remorse or shame, at having . proclaimed to an in.
ellitiersatolt'aftryatart;for I'd° by I.olMlPgallst itlllopinlA:loll..in Tarr,, rape,te
the Defends
digoant world, that wanting integrity or firmness, or cabbaFcs, and all winter cattlecreps, never exhibited Ft greater Barlow
both, you preferred the precarious and transitory lu.lauctelirdi l en 'ln affects
According to oursurinice in a former fleport,toraips are likely
favour of the Crown, to * manly and faithful dis. to provea sufficient crop; in the North. both to the East and incontinence,
Westward, they are abundant. In some parts of the country. show, kr
charge of your public duty ? however, keel; of any kind is nit so plentiful abroad, and tit
there wf
• If you have no such feeling ; —if your conscience, Ile oieaprobahill yr e:feavea I'
as affection
dormant to your crimes, has made you no reproach, Severe winter.
rarinirer iirvdth%eiStabete etoargattellin;
1 les of cattle have b gde
Sometertni:l:lllaiat llse:srarral scarcity "fivillw 11, hexer ._ al.'
your guilt lint a deeper hue than I suspected, tied is sp,P.Xisompgt,hoer hettteertoefect farther &dine of price in heti ca de nilaae"
incorrigible ! Sir, there has not been a man in this . sad corn. ; ed.ro do .
l that it shoi
country since the elevation of the present Royal Fa. Coav•Ficsixamt, Dec. 1.-.4Ws have had hut a fltor er- wit the .
mily to the Throne, so abject in mind, or so profli- flitiliiir.fiLvi:peciantazicves.M,popodor.ll,
iT:totibe trair:rii.2engritzl anirarlf 1 sot,
to
gate in principle, at to assert the " Divine Right of riedody ant., at Weitoesda,'lporttesii but the rota VS ai* to Eagle;
Kings" to sway the British sceptre.—Corrupt as the
grasiteserprher pr'e::.)t.a."gana affit,:raatrai, ciree,',6schere"" 4.1,, asirtr.. hi the 1
times are, I do not believe there is a man in the !whites. ~; Sir Geote.
service of the Crown, or pensioned by it, so de- litho !Deis toErI4IW ill I°4 titdantittle" I ***
'...... 30 31 it 'thel)"t
bused as to avow' or defend the doctrine with which *ye '.g sf Tick do, • • isk St a relative,
86 29 New ..... ..4a..i.5.:4- mills is '
you have libelled the common sense and cothmon trwiejvilio . — Oais . llll SI wife Wit
rights of mankind, and with them, I should suppose' bluff Piss
... 64 Fine Mk& ..-... .... -..
.4 ' 63134 96 Yolanda& ...; . . . „ .44 96 with a
your own character and understanding ! We have, al '.-rWiditlO .... ....... Feed Vito. .6 RI sS the kindaesi
98 40 Fine 'lour .....„. ..., at 611 ,„,„ h,
indeed, admitted into our Code, as a political axiom, Ditto
e Pt" ia se Sp &coeds . • :.. .... SO U. --,
"• Thal the King can do ho wrong," not from a,sti. --remo--- ~ . her, and
.
persiiiious reverence for his person-;-not as a servile SMITH MAX RARKHZ—Disq.-1.. • iTit.fe is i
To sub the Offal, per muse of alt. ! mit of pal
concession to royalty, or that we believe hint to be Reef
... S.. na hi ba. 21, I Hood or Cattle this 4ao f, lore ; tA,
Inftllibli, or thin his wisdom is superior to thatsif :ear : !,,':* 01. ::: 1.7/,'. I Is.
Sheep
......., 331 teen children, seven daughters and seven sons ; the
other tnens but as a matter of nO . —LICY, to protect F.Ht ... 4e. lid. se ss. 61. i Calve! - ited ' -
Lomb ...IX. 121 d• s. us• St.. Pleb
him in the discharge of the sacred trust reposed* in
• 114Y-111AltKPT., resultant k
him, from fiivolous and vexatious interruptions— Hay
from being under the necessity of personally d rt. leo - 01. Streatham,
efend. Straw ... 11. 10.. IVI ',. II id. tit. . bsttles of '
big hie conduct questioned, or his measures arraigned, COAL 111ARRIIT; )te/. 310. at sahib' ;
Price.
by mushroom factiousi engeaddretd by poverty, frai B;'llistl.'
whicaarlie:. ShiloSold...
tio,.
04.
to
57.. 9a. when the 3
hill, or imbitiont 1$ &sod r das d .... .. 11 . . sth. 6d. to 54.. ud. were t' I

Via

asingliallaili=lW•iamaga
NAVA I: INTEL
k • VEAL, Notv. 30.--Remain
ikstrokst, Scourge, and Asp
sive-, Pearly, for the Cape of
several transports. •
Pparrsuourn, Nov. 30.
ship/olio:elm the Downs; a
o from Antwerp.
FALMOUTH, Nov. 2S.—Ar
packet, Captain Sutton, with
nine days ; and Fairly, Ross
Doyen, Nov. 30.—Arriv
$s schowner Fatnieles Halt t. Cs
to Bergen, from 'framalads, I
of to Bergen, in consequence c
her
I) COVE or CORE, NOV. 25.-
s, packet Speeds', with dispatch('
Hutt, Nov. 29.—Sailed hit
Capt. Smith, with entered me
to Leith.
ti t YoUGHALL, NOV. 21.—Th
Varney, master, from Liverpt
shore in this bay et
Cher, and feared she will be le
It AMSGATE, Nov. 30.—Cal
shelter, some with the loss.,
others with damegd.—Partico
_-«,-
The Speedy patitet bas
t Comilla, which sblatsdetl et
don to-day by the ,way of 1
livered this morning.
ON " TILE FIELD 0
t.
While, to relieve the sorer
The sympathise* tax their
Pg In Charity they're got
How much the Bird &very
Who, in • the patriotic cm
r, thus sacrideal his wit
-
A•ntber salvo to his fame,
The will-versed Author dal
" Thist• be abroad did
What, bats sight of Watt
To second his pociic view.
it Allured him bons his tt
Alt, where the Bard's intrit
That cunacious sieve could
Not for meridian blaze
• •
Was formed, but lights elm
And *ice in twilight r
And be bet stock to dabs of
It • Aid born contented to expl
. The mine of obsolete 61
fli, legendary pen might
Have straek out treasures a
Lad " coiled him wil
•
Bistro the note that struek
Which chimed with ancient
Aod th' =Ultra
s- Ris 111 Owls wilideraitiSislir
id TIE enameled lore of ago p
iv And stamped it still out
1e "Fwp his to rake Time's at,
And by-gone feats bereave
Their lustre to restore
n. Bright the exploit be seeks
al blocking the herdic art to lb
'Twere well he bad furl
if Whit fleshed the bone* on F
Po Lee bones opals un-Resh
to Some share Of fame he 1
'Ti, not in all i'excei our Is
hi 'Ti, for some futore Weller
To write of Waterloo.
'Y
* See the " Advertises
DREADrUt FIRE 111 DOBT.I
of two end three o'clock, on
ha hie broke ottt is a house in 1
log to Mr. Elliott, a wholesv4
Is,
the house inhabited by him. 'I
the watchman, hut by four o'
to
ing was in flames. Three yet
es
and the porter, who slept in II
0,
li.paratie from the dames, ani!
re
the attic ttory-L-the violence
to vs, such, that is a short tin
go
ly enveloped by fire. In
they were seen iu their
story window, shaking the n

''''..'i--2.••••••••.;-;•7•:.=rimigemiumr,„„...7.77 ,„4...4. a
~ ~.. , .
. ..
. .
.... - 4.
.. ,
. .
.. ~
- •. ,
. • • •
,
1.4-,Y INTEL LIG I.:MX.
It. . •
-.....-
it mtirr s court.r. ~1:_ O roao.w.evi., Nor. S.
CHIN!. CON.
.. 4, •
~ . -
DEORGE ff. 1114ftf.oW V. MAJOR r. P. 11.%111.0W. 4
is wag an inquisition 1,-
before the Sheriff to es- ' 4'
, i
lamae,es, the Defendant having suffered jute- s
to go by default. The action wet brought by ..r 1
eorge Barlow, late Governor. of Madras, aphid f
lefi.iidnuif, Major Barlow, who stood in the tee
1 of COilfill to him, in order to recover i com= k
fi ot ;; in datnake.s for criminal tonieriation,with •. +'
. t I
litihtitri %site. The jet of the deelmration was,
he Piaitillir hail auStained the it-iffiest Hurt
, .
a loss of . the. comfort sidling from the raciett .
wife., • The. tiatnagee were laid at eve thbaiand
is• . , • • ,!
.. .
.. Genngy, for the . Plaintiff; addieited the
calling their attention first to the blsettith of . .
thew, who could "shingly hired' the peace . ~
. •
amily, .wisich.hud cherlshrd, sad finetarad bird ....i
tone mod prosperity.. The Plalitsiff, I untie: •
richly distinguished in the aiviiiie of hil cows. .
liar Hod his lady. at fits early age. The diffor.:
"etween them, in point ate*, did not eisieed ,•
seven rears. Sir- George had that itivantage,
Is the Jury might well suppose, no difference .
...
0,-cue between torus no that erasion': it
i, ,-
I be proved that they lived In I state of
lair happiness, until the base eitticrucf $1 the
;dent destroyed for ever the temper' hetWeen _
Ind wife, end het gritty plunged the Plaintiff
...
ill the agony of,iiivei .opt deprived ti numerous
hag of a pima: Mr. Garnet then stated, thet .;.
Menden', While 1 yiliini ' Maui- -Went- irk
ifs strongly recomeitenjed to Sir George Sao;
who fosteied him with all the kindness human .4.
e coeld afford. the Government-hoe., at
tea *ll4 COllfiltillty the abothr of the D.fentd:.
He waft treated as one Of the f3mity, anti hit
1.1
cement la life every way ron,inired. fly via
et of Sir George, the Right Host. braid 1014 .
red the Defendant a cotrunission, and for Pm* •
'ems, rapidly in us) sor/ice-ef hie (won't,. Its
Lady Barlow retui tied In Itogleasd, AA ere Del,
nt, who had been raised to the ritek 1). Marari ~
gh the recommendation of Sir George. else re. •• ~
din the same ship to join part of hlll regiuseedi f,, • .., ,
1 course of that voyage the criminal act occurred •-' " •
I for ever broke the bond of domestic hoptilsess: 4-
3efendant, forgetting every mdtil
.teelluktied
tie of gratitude on that occasion, ediernittilltime
try. The Plaintiff, who had no reason Waste -,,,
for how could he suspect a man whom tie,bmi
I
.to be a man.of . honour, placed in the ghee* .
if the Driendant,.the Plaintiff disarmed blaal
nour only in the course of hist lute*, it 4
Barlow, who was seven or eight months en ..
ge, soon after her arrival in England, sses'
of a son, which ibe chriefeeed
.ffrederich. "4 . w
.'. '
retorned in 1808 to`intlia,• and came beck:to
~ • ~)
Ind once more with Sir Geasie in 1814. Ott
'aiml they resided et Streatham, *here Maw
w eonstantly visited. ilie visits were peerallr •
ndsy, when the family attended Divine Smite* li
the eaceptiun of Lady Barlow, who gesserellt ,
est -hire,- and they proceeded together to hi*
; room. . Tke conduct of by Lady wee sitaead 't -
do *Ow*
.ncl and thildielit . The itioNiskr,.
.
,NitrivirlWOSP:a Viler pert; elan regaWi , ,
.. 4 r
so Gioffitsed to a Miss Pip, the (Owlish's Afiset , . ,
. *
ei. that the object, Orber .affietims Were W 1 I
oe f
w on'ttFrederick....* Miss Past; be ens ociasion; •,,
ling from church before. the WO of tbe Wally, 1.1
i,
r Ad); Barlow speaking to theMiijor in Wait:
oom, from Whence they ereat,tikthe betlvrisons, 4 .. )
emairled there 40 WWII*: .:4111 • COM ;HMCO •
I
use appearances, shifold tins *ajar to • line
~
g. the house 'itt fcitaire Its • the absence of the
7.,
.
.. .I,
i -;
•, and finally intercepted' k letter, irbilth she .
anicetecl to the Plaintiff. In ;het ',nor,
the Defendant addressed to his brother, though .
; intended (or Lady Barb plan of cirri. i I
race' with her *as errs uten'spree/lee*
4 ith respect to the eitild . k, Which.itet 011
übt es to the criminellity ihr pagtielli •wd . i+l,
Lient to which it ..indattga inli •
7 drew the attention of the .- AI thi
kt
of the letter, ""
Kin &din; ... k
IL
and observed there could be allt -Vithibt ' . .
,I.
I
gild was the offspring of the adelffewda in .
..,
. Be did not anticipate that his iik t 1
1, Mr. Sea' let, would give iiim the prltilegel et 4t i
~ by calling one Mingle witness, but they UPON'
t address in mitigation of damages of the meat • i
sive derctiotion. The powerful argument!!
• 1,
Learned Friend would, however, fall short ...,
ucing the measure of guilt which Witched to • t
!fetichist. Could it be said Chit Sir George
r was a morose husband ?—Titan be had lived ,
~,,
ction and kindness until the moment of the ••i;
inence, the Learned Comael said, he *veld
by the most unquestionable evidence; if ever
✓ag a man whose deportment could engage the
mof a wife, it *as Sir George Birk*. " I
met in my life a person more maul:owl to .i
r *mita n happy, and one atbst More elideavours , 1
lo it. I have heard, and have been eiteniebed,
should be surmised there was some indiscretion
.4 •
part of Sir. George in trusting bii' lady, In /'
lo the protection of the Major, in the passage."
land; I cannot believe it will be to considered(' . ,
Jury, because I know the father and mother ott;_, -I-
..
Drip thought it no indiscretion; they thouest _. --, 01
test thing that could be done to trust her EIM 4
tre, and s friend hound by honour. Gentle.
s it to be supposed a person cannot trait kit ,
.Ith a man during a voyage ftote hulls, and . ,
~t
41
man, bound hey honour, and impressed with .
tines. of Sir G. Harks* towards him ? One *he - •
, every sense of honour bound to protect • ' I,
Ato procure all the comforts due to her ave. • .
a another part of this ease which cannot ad. 1.4 i
palliation : there had been pledges of mutual Vie,
',ugly Barlow had borne to Sir George four. r li
... •

- -
ughter is maeriett to Captain P 011..., related C
Exmouth ; second to Mr. D'Almalite,
in India ; rise other daughters remain at
n; the eldest son has been fighting the •
his country; cor,are at College, and two
I; nil these fourteen children must blush
•
7 hear their mother named. Thole who
look up to a mother for iestrectiall
•
•
