”IVIDENDS,

March 17. J. Swaliow, Bii, Oxfordshire, corn-deakr
April I, K. I). IlnYward, Plymouth-dock, grocer—March 23,
J. Pritchard, Straiford-oat-A von. Warwickshire, apothecary—
March 14, G. Children, l'onheidge. Kent, banker—March 14,
W. Carter. Brail.tury.iit.u.c. Ilertfardolicc, /11,
I. S.ronshons, Austin-friars, merchant—March 14, G. M.
New:,trcet 4cittare. Fetter-lane, wine-merchant—
March 17. E. Cohen. Broad street, merchant—March 17. S. 1..
e.rlewis, Kine,trret, Covent-garden. tailor— varca 11, It
Jun. Bamford, Estrx, watch-maker—March tti. J.
Reit y. Hari-street, Crtitched-frMni. merchant.—March 14. J.
Ki ng,Yrovil. SI 1111 C •!, re,bni Asti ler arc hl4, W . Bradford
and 'f. M. Nlallam, Stone's-err& Borough, British wine and fo.
repo spirit-merchants—Feb. 20, T. Hoppe, Greco Hammertoe,
York-hire, leather-seller—March 14, I. and E. S. Foster,
•Yalding. Bushnell— March 21, T. Pelison and W . Sammon, Rus-
sia-row. Milk-street, Irl.h-facenn—March V. A. L. Pfeil and
E. A. Van Voorm, Iti-hoptrate..trert Within. merchants—
March 11, I'. and .1. Lascock, Bradford. Yorkshire. drakes
in oil and spirits—March 14. W. Gernon and A. B. Goujon,
Langboara-chambers, Fencherch-street. merchants—March 'II,
It. Walmesley, M. Turner. and W. J. Tomer, Basiaghati-
street. merchants—March 17. S. Foster, Leicester. tallow.
chandler—March 27. W. Foster. Leice-ler. grocer—March 16,
J. Woodward, Aylesbury, fishmoner—March 18, W. /lanes,-
New Sarum, ironmonger.
- -

CERTIFICATF.S-MARat 14.

W. Hill, Kidderminster. hatter—G. Hazell. Sanford. Somer.
sea hire, victunller—W. K. Norihall. Wolverhampton. school-
master—C. Rodgers, Melton Mowbray. grocer—R. RectoWv,
Broken Wharf, Upper Thames street. merchant—P. Samisen,
Kart Stonehnote, Devonshire. merchant—W. Gedge, Angel.
court. Tirr.g.norton-street, wine-mcrefiant—G. Stalker, Rec-
tory-home, St. Michael's-alley. Corolla!, insurance-broker
J. A. Ellis. Great Yarmouth. Norfolk, innkeeper—T. Smith,
Manchester, cotton-spinner—S. K. Brewer, Heurietta-street,
Covent-garden, silk-noutufacturer—E. Yandall, Lad-street,
Blackfriars, corn-dealer.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
B. and A. Taylor, Hart•street. I:retched-friars. statinnen—
B. Mislay and J. Lamb, Hiretinghens, ironmongers—K. Spear
and J. 11. Heron, Manchester, cononmsertimats—D. and T.
Pia and T. Keine, King-street. Covent-garden, perfstasers—J.
Hoyle S. Dyson, and W. Stead. Dystudield, Yorksbire.chrth.
merchants—J. Mabry-nod J. Allen. Liverpool, vinegar mater
—H, and W. Terrey, Bath, ironmongers—P. Brown. J. Ha
and S. Green, Upper Nark place, Gray's laii-lane, coach-
maker.—W. inky had E. Read. Stafford, knot hod stine•sea-
f nufactureni—J. Hanford and J. Pilo:her. Coleman's-yard. Ber-
-1 mondsey. fellmongers— 1. Bland and K Weller, Osiiird-street,
music-sellers—J. and P. Hopwood, Wigan Lancashire, coi-
-1 ton-maanfactsrers—R. Keightley nod J. Ada:atone, I:ele4ter,
timber-merchants—H. Seeding', J. Seamy, and J. J. West.
fahlenn. Flying Horse-yard, Spital-fields, scsim-boilers—W.Hat.
field and*. Weston, acrid New•street, Gough-square, printers
•--J. Mace and C. Evans. Reading. Berkshire, goo-makers—
G. Dwyer and J. Roukr, 'Chance-alley, provision-brokers.-S.
and J. Steel, Rotherham, Yorkshire. mercen—J. Taylor and
C. Harper. Red Crow-street, Southwark, blitcking-nianullsc-
turers—,l. Metcalf gad W. B. Kent, Deno-street, Soho, brush-
inanufacturers.
• •
The Average Price aT 'SUGAR, for the ending
Feb. IS, is 48s. Id. per Cwt.
Aorrage Primer COIN of E4OLAND as. MALES, der
quarter, from the /tetsrr,s, tales Erb. 14 :

of respect. The
Of . , High Sheriff of Westmor.
laud (Earl Thanet) was drank with three times three
and acclamations of applause. The toast of the
Loth Lieutenant of the County (Lord Lonsdale) was
drank without any mark of disrespect.
Mr. CuawEx rose and addressed the Meeting re.
the following *Beet :—Gentlemen, it may Dow'
be proper to advert to the business of the day ; we
are met to celebrate the resumption of independefice
in the county of Westmorland. How has this glo-
rious spirit arisen f it owes its birth to the upright
honest feelings of a few individuals of the county of
.Westmorland, resident in London, who, jedlous of
the honour and character of their native land—in.
dismal at its thraldom, dared to proclaim their sen-
tit:seats to their contrymen and the Public. Weil
were the principles which actuated the first movers
delineated; the Committees subsequently formed
bave adopted them. It is impossible for my man of
comma sense or common honesty to misconceive
them. Personal. hostility to the House of Lowther
is disclaimed. The supporters of the independence
of the county are desirous of proving themselves the
friends of that noble House, but resist being coin.
polled to become its degraded tarsals. They are
ready to share with 'them the representation of the
county. Can another instance be produced of one
individual nominating both County Members ? Can
such a. power be assumed without the motive, of it
being questionable ? To make up our minds volun-
tarily to such • sacrifice, is to resign every manly—
every British feeling. Deservedly should we merit,
if we were longer -timely to submit to ft, to *hi
ranked, as we have been, with the bergage voters of
Cockermoutb, Hallemere, or Old Sarum. The'',
Gentlemen, are the sentiments of the supporters
of Mr. Brougham and the coonty'i independence.—
They are actuated neither by individual hostility nor
party feelings. The cause they are embarked in Is
that of every Freeholder of Westmorland, as well as
of all the People of England. Yon are contending
for the first and most glorious prerogative of a free
People. I should not have made any allusion to
politics, bet from the singular declaration of the
numerous and respectable Committees of the present
Members. They profess strqestified approbation of
the Parliamentary conduct of these Gentlemen.
Can many of them make this declaration with any
consistency, or regard to their avowed sentiments ?
Were they, one and all, approvers of the Income
Tas ? Did one of them join with a vast majority of
the People of England in rejoicing that that destruc-
tive, ruinous measure, was rendered abortive? Did
the Members for Westmorland vote for its repeal ?
No. The country had continued to groan ander the
oppressive load, had it depended on their votes. ft
is neither fair nor candid in to deal sith the Freer.
holders, in thus assuming motives to influence the
conduct of others which decides not their own.
If men have obligations, let them honestly avow and
act upon them. We shall only lainent when ho.
nourable men are placed in situations to have goal.
tude opposed to public duty. There are tames in
those Committees, whose ancestors considered it the
height of their ambition to rapport the independency
of the county of Westmorland. I am as incapable
of divining motives for their conduct as for that of
the diminutive bird who unceasingly pursues the
Cuckoo, the notes of which poets represent so fright.
ful to the ears of some. 1 should injure the cause I
wish to serve, and have so much at heart, were I to
disguise to you and your brother Freeholders, that
the contest they are embarked in is one of the fearful
odds. They have to combat a most powerful indi-
vidual, backed by a host of friends, abetted by the
whole patronage end indigence of Government, as it
relates to the two Northern Counties. What have you
to oppose to it I—lndepeudence and Love of Liberty.
With.the splendid achievements of Britons fresh in
our view, I see no ground for despair.
Mr. Curren concluded with proposing " The
independence of the county, and its champion, Mr.
Brougham." This toast was drank with the most
enthusiastic applause, which continued for some time
after Mr. BROUGRAN ruse to return thanks. Upon.
silence being restored, the Learned Gentleman spoke
to the following effect :--
In nil:revving his lively sense of the liminess with
which the? had received him, he said that he was re.
firmed from much eadmirrissment, by finding his
name coupled with the independ.ice of Westmor.;
land. It wes always irksome for a man to be com-
pelled to speikk of himself ; and they had bees
pleased In unite him with a subject which might well
tweet ill their regards, and make every personal
irkidderation insignificant. The cause was their own,
ntk'ldir ;sod belted oily comiented to come forward
• • •

Hare joiegoliset
\f4bil.arti.ellig tyt• it ew tWiereetsee and itnpeet.
meedog of mss, who *ore dimly resmlelel
their setiootsentny ekohld 110 I•egfr be a bit:
tr tot depeolineen, :hot rather het as etatephr
" ad of alhatesidd be performed by freemen
erboimised their rig4s, and knew their poaree.-6-
Thi!iell we. a seem width roust tviumpb 1 from Art
of the Atonal lie might assert Ilia it ems td.
epody swore •i bat wee io defeat it *sold have eon.
ogled the adasleationnf their vonatry4 Is order
#aly toippreelato odd* straggle which tbenestba
awee saw makleg,, it was ,oeceesaty to netlike
t formidable strength *mord egoism them. 'Dale
versartes had all the inliernee of high rot*. owl
t flush, possession; of whisk *hew well
eati thieg like med.ration, he should be the loot
111.4v* *wok not eon sepperted by new
Joetet‘tbeiehe enmity onelept
terpies lust two. They bed greet Chorch Pt* ,s mmt
at their dispnsal,and nine-tenths of the Clergy. hey
bad the whole patronage of Goverment, and a ereOrd
of active partisans, some of whom possessed end
others ezpected the enjoyments pima. Hem.
,they had obtained the services of several respectabit
families, who sled formerly to sopport the lode.
pendent Interest; and of individuals who united ha
themselves the seemingly inconsistent offices of 'Pato
gathers and Sincere Placemen—taxing by deputy.
and receiving the profits in person. Against all Mt
mass of influence, what bad the Independent Party
to oppose? The spirit of the Freeholders rouged its
their own cause; a spirit which set at defiance the
threats of their adversaries, as it was proof against
their artifices. When he ollued to the menus that
were used against them, he wished to be understood
as casting no blame upon the principals. The Lord
Lieutenant's family were not answerairle for all ths
acts of their ill-advised supporters. The zeal of emu
derlings was generally found to be the most extra+.
vegan ; the least under the guidance of wisdom. In
such contests as the present, it was °flee defended
ender the name of gratitude. A greet dealer in porno.
age, Sir-Robert Walpole, had given a descriptiono
this virtue, to which his Jon experience of political
agency had led him. lie called it, a lively sense it
favours to come. The Lowther agents had no doubt
acted ender the influence of sects impels's. They
had received much already, and they naturally looked
to obtain somewhat more. Nothing made men se
indefatigable as these warm feelings; for each man
justly considered that be was doing his owd
business—he made the cause Ids own. Now
it was entirely to this kind of zeal that he (Mr:
Brougham) ascribed the eatraaditutry costliest of
hicll thej bad all so much reason to eomplaia.
alluded to the late proceedings at Kendal, whets
those who pretended to be exclusively the friends of
social order, 'sod who stigmatised every one as ills.
affected, that ventured to complain of Westmorliett
being treated like Old Sarum, had first taken ell the
measures in their power to ensure a disturbance.
and then thrown upon the Independent party the
imputation of disorderly behavkaur. kir. Brougham
here went into particulars of the transactions,
which began with those careful pardiatia of rho
peace summoning the tenantry to attend, end
64 bring their stout lads with them ;"—(he had seen
the circular letter)—and then making an arringe-
meat with the contractor of the Canal, where three
hundred, chiefly Irish and. Scotch labourers, were ern.
ployed. By this arrangement they were all to be
dismissed from their work in the morning of the day;
and to the effusions of staunch loyalty were added
those of strong beer, so that the poor workmen; as
well as the mob of Kendal generally, were kept in is
state of drunkenness and confusion the whole of the
preceding night. Boasts had been ostentatiously
made for days before, that the Independent Party
would be swept from the town by the crowd they
should collect ; and sufortunately it happened that
they, or their fellow conservators of the peace and
friends of order from the canal, did attempt to
execute those threats. What followed he greatly la.
mnted, because he snderstnod that some persons
had been hurt, and particularly one Reverend Gen.
tleman, with some of whose family he was connect.
ed by long friendship, and by similauity of political
principles. It was most unfortunate that the blow
hod fallen on him, rather then on those who planned
the riot. Hs was glad to find, upon enquiry, that
the injury bad been made the most of, and that he
was recovering fast. Far he it from him or his
friends to justify those outrages. The Independent
Cause bad no worse enemies than those.who com-
mitted them.—But it was it, also. in. blaming such
conduct, to recollect by what it bad been provoked ;
and be trusted that the other party would, for the
future, abstain from proceedings which were likely,
even among the most peaceable people, to produce
acts of disorder.
He now turned to the less etceptionshle measures
of their adversaries ; he meant the strange grounds
upon which they attempted to justify the extrevaghnt
pretensions of one individual to name both their
Members. He had lately seen those reasons brought
forward in a most elaborate manner, and he had net
yet recovered from his surprise. Toe Lowther family
were described as steadily and uniformly everting
their influence for the benefit of the country, and par.
Ocularly commended as guardians of nor 'Metier.—
That their enormous Parliamentary influence kwl al-
ways been steadily *sorted, end ,uniformly too, he -
could not deny ; bet it was far the benefit of the Mi-
sister, whoever be might he—it was for the benefit
also of the family and their dependents. They had
Supported all the measures which loaded the reentry
with intolerable bort hens ; they had voted for the In-
some Tasi and indeed every other Tax: they had
opposed every measure of Retrenchment and Reform;
they bad upheld the policy which linked us with

r '_ "~ _
i

,_

£`y

. ,
%Mt
•t a -
oil: -601
• PM'
yrants abroad, and. dishonoured the English name,
by trampling upon the sacred rights of the People to
choose their own Government ; they had guarded
owr liberties at home by suspending the Constitution
on 'false pretences of alarm, and patronising the odious,
system of spies, alike degrading to the Government
and disgusting to the country. Ile did not wish to
enlarge upon subjects of a general nature. Ile was
Arend to say,': that be had the support of many
whitse political principles diWerinl from his own, and
what only tilt for the independence of their yeti,"
county. He declared that he also 'herald have lent
-pipit feeble support to any independent man who should
Mee come forward, without regard to hii politics,
merely because he felt as a Wesimotland'man, end
the piesent tieatment of the Court was such es no
-free man could bear. Yet he thought he should not
I.sve &oh feisty by them, hid he said nothing of
those political principles which be had adopted upon
the most deliberate reflection, which, he believed in
his conscience, to be essential to the safety and glory
of the errantry, and which he most persist in hold-
-ing as long as his reason and his life endured. But,
to return to the defence of their adversaries, as urged
-by their judicious adherents. The Lowther family,
It seems,- were not only guardians of public liberty,
but so kiadly watchful of the rights of the County
.in particular, that they insisted upon relieving it from
'the whole trouble and responsibility of chusing its Re-
presentatives. And the reason given for this, was really
✓ag that he coed never have imagined had be 110(.
Steenlt with his own eyes. It seems, •Westmnr.
'land h very little in point of extent—its inhabit-.
•nts are few and poor—it Las no commerce—and
Inay be content to rank among towns rather than
counties. Little—poor—arid agricultural—a borough
—(said Mr. B.) we shall show these insolent men.
'that Westmorland may be small—hut she has a great-
epirit—that her inhabitant* may be poor in money,
but thit they are rich in the treasure of independence
.---that we have little (rude, but ere determined never
to increase it by trafficking in preferment and barter-
ing our Toles. Like a borough, indeed, we have
too long been treated ; and had we not at length
been roused, we might have lived to read an Address
to the " Burgesses of %Westmorland, in the county of
/Anther." Mr. B. proceeded to observe, that the
ruble example now set by Westmorland, would,
sooner or later, be followed wherever the influence
of a domineering aristocracy 'wis felt. lle desired
4a be understood es making no objection to the fair
preponderance, even in elections, of high rank and
large family possessions. It neither could be, nor
ought to be excluded ; it was a part of our mixed
Constitution. Bat then it had limits set to its exer-
' rise by the principles of that Constitution, and the
ommon feelings of independence which every
Englishman war proud of, while be continued
`unbought by corruption, and unsohdtted by dis-
tress. Some things could not be endured. When
• family openly stowed that it would set no bounds
to its pretensions—refated to be satisfied with a
share—arrogantly claimed the whole—treating every
tine as an enemy who gave a single vote, and saying,
we don't thank you for any thing unless you give
all.". Then there was an end of all compromise—in-
fluence was changed into grasping usurpation—the
reasonable preponderance of rank tied fortune, be-
came the intolerable insolence of a heavy purse—and
all moderation having ceased on one party, resistance
was s duty and a pleasore to the other. Mr. B. con-
cleded by congratulating the men of NI estmbiland
en the glorious course upon which they were entering.
Their triumph was sure ; but the contention mutt he
great. Their adversaries were mortified at the re-
sults of the canvas; and though they sometimes
threatened to spend tie more money, but leave it to
the county ; at other times, as if in despair, they
said in very intelligible language, that no expence
would be spared; and that so many thousands were
already lodged in such a Batik. But they would find,
that the Freeolders are neither to be bought nor
frightened. The county is at length roused—there is
an end for ever of a close county and quiet nomination
---aid they are nos abokut to learn such a lesson of
what freemen can perform, as the youngest among
them will not live to forget. Ito such a cause it be-
come the duty of every atkra of Westmorland to strag-
gle; and those who had been among the first to stand
forward in its support, would, he was sure, be the
last to desert it.

1 .


This speech was followed by loud, universal, and'
long continued cheering, which indeed frequently'
occurred in the course of its delivery, and especially
at those. passages which related to the patronage of
the Lowther family, and the means used by them t♦
extend and perpetuate their influence with the aid of
Placemen, Tay-gatherers, and Siuecurista.
. Mr. CultwEN observed, that as a sample of the
degree of .enthusiasm which prevailed among the fe.
male inhabitants of the county upon this interesting
occasion, he had to slate, that when, opon a 'recent
canvas a Lady at Kirby Stephen was solicited to use
her influence in favour of Independence and Mr.
Brougham, she exclaimed, " Would that I had a
•utl; and I woetB he it you ; -but as I have not
there is my hundred pouuds."—(Applauscs.)—Mr.
C. proposed, 66 The good Wives and bonny Lasses
of the County," which was drank with marks of the
uarmest grtiticotion.
" Ttse Agriculture and Trade of the County"
followed, and was received with appropriate testi.
monies of approbation.

Mr. limit (late Sheriff of London) rose and con-
gratulated the Meeting upon the happy prospect
which now appeared, that the independence of their
county would speedily be restored—that the cha-
'icier and consequence of which their ancestors
were so proud, would again be recovered. He de-
clared himself pecultaely gratified by the hope which
he was now encouraged to entertain, that his natio&
county would be released from the trammels so im-
properly imposed upon it, and to which it had too
long submitted. Hitherto, for above half &century,
indeed, the county of Westmorland had been in such
a state of vassalage as was calculated only to flatter
the pride of a confi►med boroughmonger, for the
People had Nothing to do with the Representation of
the Coonty. They were, in fact, virtually disfran-
chised, slid it was mortifying to every Westmorland
Freeholder, who felt like au Englishman, to reflect
Ilia; the choice of Representatives for his comfy did
hello degree depend upon his opinion, but upon
the will said power of one man, and that a son too
who Dal uo s)mpa by sith the interests or sidles)

*

THE. STS.'

with the feelings or sentiments of the
Teeple., For what gred Lopl.Lensdale how much
theses's tie Pernik. were segmented, or the liber-
ties of the People abridged.. To rescue the county
of Westmorlsed then from the,cesttenel.of title No.
Women, to it from • condiiion of disgraceful
slavery toe state of manly independence, was sorely
worthy of the best exertions of every man belonging
to the amity, sad by united and active exertion
there coeld rt no doubt of success, for they had to
fight their cause under the banners of indefatigable
patriotism, unimpeacheble integrity, and unrivalled
talents;—they had to contend for their independence
under the riddance of a distinguished branch of She
ancient house of Broughatn, against two •dull buds
of the Hesse of Lowther.--(A laugh and hear !)
They had, then, every encouragement to calculate
upon victory, and he trusted that the county:which
had the honour of giving birth to the distinguished
and patriotic Brougham, would have the further
honour of transplanting him to the dignified and
appropriate station of representing his native coenty
in the Commons House of Parliansent.—(Appleeser.)
—Mr. K. then gave •' Mr. IVakeleld and the Kendal
Committee." This toast was universally and ar-
dently applauded.
Mr. Cuawa.tr rose, he said, as a Member of the
Kendal Committee, to return thanks ia the shoetree
of Mr. Wakefield, whom he should heartily wish to
see in that room if he were not fully assured that he
was elsewhere most usefully employed for the benefit
of the cause. In such a cause, indeed, there could,
be no doubt of the actiaity of Mr. Wakefield, for he
belonged to a sect, and possessed a heart peculiarly
anxious for those principles of freedom, peace, and
humanity, to promote which his Learned Friend
beside him had so long, so nobly, and so ably atrog.
gled. Mr. Wakefield well knew that his Learned
Friend was the most worthy man that could be se-
lected to lead in the contest for the independence of
Westmorland. Yet it was to be recollected that his
Learned Friend had not offered himself, but was on
the contrary slow to accept the offer until others
had declined to stand forward. lie himself (Mr.
Corwen) was applied to at an early period to
become a candidate for the honour of restoring
the independence of the county, but he thought it
proper to decline the preposition. For however
anxious to promote the cause of publk virtue and in-
dependence, and he trusted his anxiety for that cause
would never abate, he felt an apprehension that his
appearance as a Candidate might be construed to pro-
ceed merely from old political opposition to the
Lowther family--4hat it might be said he was ac-
tuated rather by personal feelings than by a snlici.
tude for the independence of Westmorland. He could,
however, most conscientiously d;••lare, that upon
this occasion be was *Ming altogether to forget the
political character of the Lowther family, and that
if even a Gentleman of the same party with which
that family was connected stood forward as re.
establish the independence of the county, such a
Gentleman should here his support with a view to
that object. Mr. C. proposed " Mr. Wyborgh and
the Appleby Committee," which was drank with
three times three and applause.
Mr. Caacak:trritoap rose and returned thanks in
a peculiarly nest and eloquent. speech. Ile pro.
nounced a glowing eulogists upon the able addresses
of Mr. Brougham and Mr. Careen. He -had only
to lament that his native county had so long sub-
mitted to the system of dictatorial domination, which
he hoped was now approaching to the grave. He
was, indeed, from all that he had heard and seen,
encouraged to congratulate the Meeting upon the
prospect of a complete triumph—upon the restors.
tion of the Freeholders of Westmorland to the enjoy-
ment of their Constitutional Privileges. Altera lapse
of above fifty years, those Freeholders were to have
an opportunity of asserting their rights and expressing
their opinions. This was indeed a new and a grate-
ful era tot hose who were interested in the character
and consequence of the county. For under the sys-
tem which had so long existed, the county had lost
all pretension to independence, the People appearing
to relinquish the feelings of Freemen, their free-
holds becoming little else than berme tenures, dis-
posable at the will of a single patron, and the county
being thus reduced to the rank of a rotten borough.
But happily the spirit of independence in Westmer.
land had only slept, and was not extinguished ; for
it now appeared in all the plenitude of manly vigour,
and with a degree of brilliancy that served still more
to expose the shameful practices by which it had been
so long kept in the shade. It was, indeed, evident
that the public spirit of the men of Westmorland
could no longer he suppresed by the artifices of cor-
ruption, or the authority of power, or the influence
of wealth—that the People were united, and resolv-
ed to recover their fair share in the Representation
of the county. The chain of slavery, by which they
were bound for so many years, was already broken,
and unless the People degenerated, there was no
danger whatever that it could again be rivetted.—
(dippleures.)lle was Awry to witness. some in-
stances of degeneracy among those who were pro-
minent on the other side, for subscribing to certale
Resolutions which were lately published on that side,
he had lately read with considerable surprise, the
names of meu whom lie was led to believe friendly to
independence. There were, indeed, among those sub-
scribers some Gentlemen whose ancestors were no-
toriously the most eminent and effective advo-
cates for the independence of Westmorland.—
Such instances of deviation from good example were
mach to be regretted. But the conduct of those
Gentlemen excited no apprehension in bin mind as to
the result of the approaching contest; for he had the
gratification to know, that the love of independence
was so deeply rooted, and so widely diffused among
the honest Yeomanry, among those who were called
the Grey Coats of Westmorland, that he could enter.
tain no doubt of ultimate victory. With those Grey
Coats he was determined to co-operate, and he was
proud to see before him so many and such 'respect-
able auxiliaries. He wished it however to be under-
stood, that in standing forward to support Mr.
Brougham, he was not influenced by any politickl
partialities or personal considerations; bet he could
not endure the idea of having so much power invest-
ed in any individual as at present belonged to the
Lord Lieutenant of the county of Westmorland. It
OM indeed such a degree of power as ought not to be
granted to any subject in a free country like Eng-
lauti.-/fitslitilic.)—los by this power the Lord
