LONDON:
TerfiDAY, Ili:nailing 7, 1813.

A Comma Mail arrived this morning, by which
wo received this followlag intelligence :--

[PROM THE CIAZETTS, AUG. 26.]
We have seen a letter from the camp before Tarra-
gona, dated the 12th inst. By it we know, that on I
the 3d inst, the third army having been successively I
joined by 16,000 English, Wittingham's division of
6000, and Sarsfield's of 5500 men, appeared to form
the siege.
On the 12th, the fire had not opened ; but the
English were then erecting batteries. • The place
resisted, but could not do so long, as it had only a
garrison of 2000 men, under the Governor and Ge-
neral of Brigade, Barrtoleti. It is in want of water
and ammunition, and it is probable that when
the heavy artillery arrives, he will not stand an
I assault. Lord Bentinck commands the siege. Su-
-1 cheat, with a force of 22,000 men, had arrived at
Villa franca (sit leagues from Tarragona), and, it is
supposed, that this was the motive for not dint&
barking the heavy artillery on the 12th.
The French from Tortosa bare burned the boats
;on the Ebro, and occasioned some loss to Villa
ICampa, who was stationed in observation there. •

LETTER TROlt HIS RICELLENCY THE DUES OE CIUDAD
RODRIGO ♦ND VITTORIAI*DATED AUGUST 10, TO
THE CONDE DE VILLAIPUENTE, CONSTITUTIONAL

ALCALDO OF VITTOIqA.
46 The Surgeon-Majors of the British army have
informed me, that in consequence of the late actions
in the vicinity of Pamplona, it has been necessary
to send to Vittoria a considerable number of wound-
ed; and that the,inhabitants, with yourself, Senor,
at their head, not only offered them every assistance
at hand, but offered them their houses, in case the
edifices set apart for their reception should not be
sufficient.

661 request that you will have the goodness to
assure the inhabitants of this city, that feeling, as I
always have felt, the greatest regret at seeing my-
self under the necessity of requiring and taking any
thing from any individual, and knowing that their
conduct is only to be attributed to their patriotism,
and their wish to alleviate, as far as possible, the la-
bours and suffering* cif the brave men who have
fought in their tem% I sin penetrated in the must
lively manner witk r.affectionate good will, of
which I have received each repeated proofs.
66 God preserve you many yeirs.
WELLINGTON, Doke of Chiliad Rodrigo.
" Head-quarten, Lam*, Ault. 10,1819."

TO CONSTITUTIONAL JUNTA OF VITTORIA.
" I transmit this to yea, in order that assembling
the inhabitants of this puce you may communicate to
them the satisfaction which his Excellency has ex.
pressedsfor the hospitality and kindness which they
have shown towards the English soldiers who have
rendered services to the country, and, rescued u 4
from the rigour of the slavery under which we
groaned:
" T
A trust they wilt still continue to he anlmste4l
by the same grateftd sentiments towards the generous
defenders of Spain.

" COND."- DK ViLLATURNTE.",

French Paper% to the data of the 3d instant, have
removed all doubt as to Austria hiving declared
against France. It la remarkable, however., that as
well as our own Government pre.erving a total 4ltsoce
upon so important an event, the French r
for Foreign Affairsi pines it osier in the too.ki triv al
as& almakefat misuser by *Us in vies War 19

~~a
