put gTATFSMAN.

s
Impending crisis foe nor coentry's good. May he
provide for the manifold wants of the nsethetleis
r, drive. to desperation by the mod shameful op-
pessine that eter-disereced the annals of any oiling,
•r people. I hope, also, that yore serer with islet*
wishog that the People may thew awake to • jest
emus of their eights—have the fortitude to dmosod
them—the (Mem. to obtain them—aid,brimeferth,
saliciont Wisdom and vigour to defend them."
Mr. JOHN NEIL, them spoke as follows
" FahLow-CousisTtelide.-1 am potawaded that it
is only by the unite's.' consent of the People, that
Radical Reform is to be obtained. It is foolish to
imagism, that those who base invested themselves with
the power of nookisio the laws, by moons of perjury,
Cited,. sod *trey kind of immorality, will ems, of
of lbele.mehes will, gent as that Reform which
we
have degraded ourselves by petitioning for, We
are now assembled to take into our consideration the
previa!, of petitioning the Prince Rogan% for a
redress of our manifold grievances. The wt: dolls
of such a Petition depends upon whether his 11.9i1
Highness has she power to poet as what we emotes*.
Now, it has here prorvd • thousand times, thst the
estimable Itorosigh fraction have 'duped the power
sod prerogatives of the Crown, as completely as they
have monopolited the notional representation. It is
indispotablr, that this faction valorise an irresistible
tattooed 01114 all the functions of Government Le-
gislative, Esectit.ve, sod Judicial. The argot's of
ibat infemows faction have repeatedly declared, that
if the Lug were to take the least part with theßodical
Refoomers, that they twofold shirt shosmselses to de.
price bim of his croon and his held ; sod we are too
•ell acquainted with them so doubt doe sincerity of
this declaration. The pretest *Timmy of Stele,
Sulasosih, hes publicly announced, that he will pre-
sent only such petitions as he approves of, to the
Prince Horns. Let those, therelote, who are de-
termined span this scheme of positi•totug, to rationally
to work ; for thee fiisi 64 beg • pass for lease to
beg," by betsbly sod datifelly lontioning Loud
liilmooth, to present their still humbler players to
the Reyes; bet for me, I mould rather sour the
same fate as the unfortatssar men at Derby, than
vote for a Petition to be pot into such aohallowed
heeds. lam tooklent our present applicatios to
the Prince It•gent, even if he should sear of it, will
prove illeff•Ctnal• The inevitable trodesey of such
repes'ed disappuintment must he in 'spume hi• Royal
Highness In timpersted hatred and contempt ; and
Somata the PeopleiO•Psight of their real oppressors,
the Borougholosigots, who ought to be held up to the
esdlsided and enowitiosted detestation and 4bloorienre
.f et'', human brill. As a since,' Roiliest Re.
firmer I do, therefore, most decidedly oppose peti•
(losing at present ; ',roses' it is coot/soy to the
course mewed by other parts of the country, and
because such a procedure is calculated to ratite a be.
Illef that the People of Paisley ate not so well at.
qvainied with the prrsvort ,),loin of Goverununt es
those of Sint kport, Cords, and many ether plates,
• bete &letting's on the subject Roots have lately
beets held. I, theri.floie, moor, a. au anoudayht to
the 13 b Resolution, an A.:d•ess to the Net.os dad a
peclatatioa of our Rights."
Mr. A. Telri.oll. row neat —lle Cats forward to
Second the proposed ausesidoseut, eat from any de.
sire to 'ocotillos@ or stir op distinct amongst his sot.
Wog townsmen, bet solely from his ansiety to di-
rect the stiestion LI the assembly to that rootse which
le thought mu,t proper to be purStril Iw von`
eidclii g the propriety of presenting a petition
re the argent, he would ask if their was she load
hope that his Roy el Highness would ever mem
it, or if it should reacts his poison, oils it likely
he would be a,lrised by his present Goobselissis
to take as esocktime from his itlal sports sad
amusements as would suffice to gior an Gutted,
homing to the complaints of his stagging so: j,,,cts.—
If e petitioo was to be adopted, he thought at enuld
'be Mote manly and straight forfeited to 'tithe*, it at
once to Lords Castlereagh and Stdmosth. When he
took a view of ate tleatosent which his R,,yel High-
ness had received when he became Repot, asd sal-
him still obliged to tontines the same Manis,ry
iw
nice, I.e .as fully persesdril that his Royal High.
nail had eo power to whereto the condition of his
oppressed subjects. My fellow-townsmen, said Mr.
Taylor, you are not as ignorant as to wpm. that
he has the power; bat you wish your cm; taints to
be made known, and your opiostn of the teems of
the present distress that 'Hurts the natio* at large.—
Now it sprats In me that the mode which has hero
proposed of publishing a deelatation of our rights,
and these/14.08,gs which we endure from the add of
a full, fair, and free Repieseatation in the tom.
mons flossy of Pediment is a way nisch more e.
(retool, and worthy of the high character of heroes
to which we .aspire. It is 'howls% the present
Ministers that we know their doe chatacter,
and will pet no confidence is ohm. Unhappily
ue see all the landed Geodesists. wealthy Maas.
farmers, and rich Merchants, supporting this 4:of.
rept system with all their 'woer sod infaitowei—
We know they scoff at Universal Suffrage and Ave-
nue! Pediments as an effected seemly for all oar
deep. rooted distresses. Well, let them atoll: the day,
perhaps, is not far of when they will bitterly repent
they did slot offend to die calls of the Preple.—
lhe People hove their right', and sue determlsed to
bold in pediog toutempt ell those deceptions which
are ptatitred for the sole purpose of drawing of their
wieldiest troll the true cause of their dostadation,
to 61 it on a toppoted etergrowtk of the population.
Is it possible that the country cam be °munched
with inhabitioie, when the storeshoesirs are loaded,
end the markets glutted with every kind of cm-
mod's, ? There rather appears to be a we'd of peps.
latiou to consume the over abundant produce. No,
there is no troth in the doctrine of ad overgrown
population being the tease of the prevent distress t it
was invented es an 'geese for bad Government and an
intolerable tazation,bet it has wholly lost Perfect.
Never was there a country so rich as Mill in improve.
meets, skill, and iedestry, and yet 'Owing eschew.
I fel Windless ;. bee toilette ions mechanics Naming
Ilreen absolute want in the midst of pigsty, sod kiesi—
kV petitioning, as a blessing, to be sent from die
bed that (seethes birth ; in quitting which they lease
fee ever behind 01l tbs most endearing associations ;
ebb places of the owl/spot Is and ionment amssrmewta
sal their /oath, astir all the other pleasures they had
sejoyed.bn times scam which cgs never be 'faced
lam ikttit iflatrfi-• Fmk the 444411.*1 opprlsi•D

which not coontr) tohnoto •enlet..lllr... the ennfroinft
megaitede el its foliation, has sprang that •larmllog'
invest, of crime mid immorality which &trauma to
hallo the lailltilel PUNIIOIO NIA of the Booth and the
Pulpit, and seems to hill defiance filth, to the laws of
God end man. A coquetry possessing each improve-
ment. es Great Britain Ilhould be the most happy and
virtuous of any on the face of the globe, sod yet
these improvements, instead of bringing ease and
,
comfort in their train, have, it ovoid appear, only
brought along with them misery, dearth, and pest'.
fence. Bat indeed these reels bass sprang from our
immense !earthen of lasstion, to remove which. Alt
oar efforts ought to ha directed, if we sigh to live
in a free, mural, religiose, and happy cosivry, in.
stead of dragging ea a treaty existence amongst a mo-
tion of defused and wretched slaves.

Mr. Joss, Kteseppased the Petition ire the Prince
Regent. It splattered to him esinsmely virlicolosito
petition the very men of whom they complained, for
a Petition to the Retest wes in tact only a Pedro
to the Privy Casticii. What vivid rationally bet
impacted from such a seas as thee pious Sidatootl4l
who immured se many of his fellow. esentrymen
dungeon, on the Priest false and witkod pretences
the toms Castlereagh, of Castlehill soinriety,• or'
the belittle of Si. Stephen's ?—Shall these men, said'
lb. speaker, decide epos air Ibises ?-11ses yool
not seen the Proltionssof other parts of the Empire;
stewed silent emotempt, and eltst stiteC
treatment can you repots ? How Oleo key.
yes pctisionod the Iloilo of Commons to rep
form ihomaelses ?—Hot do you think that that
corrupt body will reform Itself ?-131, yea think
" Liberty can spring spool of she betimes of Innis,"
or joatirartot administered by the hands of rapacity
esti avarice?" It is certainly our undoubted right to
elepratech the duose sub our Pe ideas; but that sp.
preside is at present intercepted by the H.... Seers-
vary of State. And his he teeny yesreortfiderice in
hi. holy !toping as he had par titrettle4a few months
ago ? No, my blend.; he and his collage", Sr. cur
mortal enemies, and I trust we are Omits. Show
your cogrotrywro bat you are smare of the lenity
of prtitiosittg. To'l them that you And your
doss are .speeded—tell them your grierverteon be,.
nor been redressed, although you have repeatedly re.,
moostrated—tell them yes are determined to bsea'h
the celestial air of freedom et all hoestds—otell lire
that yes will co-operate with them in every condo
rational manner for the sitsinment of year *Mkt'.
There is en imperious necessity in doing this, for. se
period in our remembrance wore a more alarming
sweet than the motet. New and enearraot.
ails 'sections made spa the People—en ps.
paralleled list of bankruptcies staring as Is pee
face—trade espiring—murmurs and dist-IMMO
consoling Ilse whale Empire—thourentis the
People degraded to peepors--lboesands petitionior
fur banidtetent, end thousands redwood to a slate of
absolute starvation. This is a state at things truly 'p
palling. that forbade, a day of trial. the !Oa IPt
whence of *hick no men eau foretell. O.sr oohs; pi•
country appears in met, be doomed either so militaty
oesitotoort, •r a sonoteenery revolution. Every day
seems to pit oditee the confirmerine of some old, or to
title/don she introduction of some new Omni,. A
11 die.l Reform cue alone operate the salvation of
shoe...fogy. Whilst art centime, to poti.ion them,
oar oopre.sors will fancy se ere not determined to
oa tipat, 1... i 04 throe'''. convince Oven of our. re.
'Atoms .purring any more Serpliflll kiss to I Mrs,
and standing forward in the sinks& of froomoos to
adios want, d-clersolon of our right., mid of our
determinate. n to regain them. This coulee is the only
one worthy of i he desrendastis of Hampden sod Sydney
of Wallet, and of Bruce. Foe three ressuou I sap.
port the amendment.
Mr. Jogs lietrocatom nest addressed she Meeting
My Coyote y meri,—Whiso are esemitte our national
history, we find our astritors psi kg their Retort.-
sentstittes Ist Parliament 3( or 4101. a day for their
at.midaticat, whereas we sow eye outs eapending 10,
20, 30, end even 40.0001. at an election, and giving
their elsewhere grads. Bet oe welt know the
caste of this condeacensins. In those Jots there
were no immense standing armies—no such hosts of
gentlemen and lady.poncionersoollP of that endless
variety of silt ,of the ealstenes of which spiking
het the Red Book can give us the most (aim, idea ;
ae know tell that thaw good things are all enjoyed
by the easy dopendetits and relations of the Members
of the Melt of Corraption. You can scarcely take
a Neviepaper in your bands %Rhein seeding that
some of its 3lesnier• hair thee been betraying their
country for filthy lucre. These are not eve minigolf'
by which oar forefathers were governed. The laity
William. aided by a hypocritical priest (Bishop Blot.
met), in laying the foundation of the Nstional Debt,
sapped the fabric of oar sentient liberties. Sinai thin
time corruption has progressively esiermined the
whole sdilee, until not one stone is kit siqle‘
suother. To rimy this atrocities design intitifie.
eerie'', they have 'petal millions •of our money;lieel
abed rivets of oar blood. They have warred *Weil
freedom In every quarter if the world. We we them 441
grossing the rooter port of the emitinentif 11'1%2001
inundating its plains In the blood of Its •reteleci
ed sod effeminate inhabitants. We see time tie..
'Meting whole districts in Africa ender rreteqce
of commode( its sable natives to Christienlty!
We see them hieing the despots of Europe to pet
down liberty wherever she raises her head; and pay.
ing the gloomy fanatic of Spain money for the aboli-
tion of slavery in Africa, in order that Mt may be en.
shied to carry it on In America. We see them
wading through blood to the rein of Ireland,—
We ere them sending oar brave soldiers, to pesti-
lential climes, for the purpose of keeping Colonies
to r.iss fortunes for their minions and dependants ;
and diaggitig our hardy seamen from the arms
of their wives, end Hie society of their chit-
derv, to butcher Mem In quarrels in 'which they
have no concave. In a word, we behold them
elide the remains of our once glorious (Institution
lying before them, mangled an mutilated by their
impious hands. This is only env outline of the deeds
which they have committed ; and sooner shall Ike
heath cease to grow on our ragged inotenteirts. or the
limpid sitcoms to &scrod from Ulric rocky aide, than
Britons endure istlt oppression, or illow sad deOds
to go unpunished.
The Address to the Nation and the Resolution.;
sifted to by the Nettie' shell be gum to-metro,.

_ AANIOIC.MO-IX7'I4,LIGhtIGE.

..

.Nks ondtocititAmp..
FROM TIIEDALTIMONE Fgat NAL RteveLicAN,Jvcri.]
uu rAvr.

EXTRACT OF A LATTER IRON LIMA, MARCH fi.
" DEAR SBl4-121 toed het, en rite 25 3 ult. from
Guayaquil, by !mod, but was much delayed• on ac-
costed of the swelling of the sorer.' dyers between
these two places, or La want of males to carry my
b.p .r. • •
" I now avail myself of the opportunity afraid
by the skip Tee Gathadoes ; this tempt, with several
oohing, is utilised to leave the port, in conreqeesce of
L.,rd Cocoroos, who Is in the reads, with a strong
equadroo of Coition men of sir, having declared sit
the Coast from Guayaquil to Albinos in 2 stele of
blockade, giving snare of the same to -be amscrsis
that are here. Ur has allowed them no more time j
hats the 9th just. toga away. Lord Cochrane made
so emspeeted attack on the Spanish dee', consisting
:of two forty.gun frigates, four sumac corvettes, and,
mere than 30 gen.boats : they are prepared to retire
hits hot shots. A gen.bost, with en (dicer sad 4U
men, fell into his Lordship's bends; but thus was
owing to the boat heimg.inyistved in a thick fig, and
Nosed itself is the middle of the Chilies fleet ones-
pectedly•
"The number of killed en this side is 15, sod three
Ire finer wounded; a circumstance suing, probably,
is the firing round shot alone. The appeareece of
II
this Ism In the bay, sod the several Proclamations of
Celina Sas Mania, hove sot in the least affected
tither Feblie pe,ce or the Indium,' coarse of trade.
" I pot so mid to this letter in great bests, bring
now intercom' that Laid Cochrane, who yesterday
promised to treat the. mistral, with indialgesicei has
declared this aftercare, that all sestets that should
not be ender writ at daybreak, he could mike ohms
good prise,. Ind lacguugv fur en Insurgent!
"An Englirb Gentleman, she was on hoard of
1 the friees• report., that he gave him the pr *Wee as.
IAIRSICes that its case the Mavedonisis should forts the
blockade, be (10,rd Cr Orme) would his at her, sod
tome bee is withdraw?
12111 ACT 05 A LIMBS 110012 BUENOS •11111.
66 A Treaty as Armistice had ben cot c 'idiot. on
the 10th of April, hetes... the 6 :vernment of Dye.
out Aye,* sod the Agent appointed by the People of
S.its's Fe sod Grimed Aetigas : the Pienipolesisatiel
erre to meet the 10th of Nlty, which tt was sup.
posed notch' lead to a genetal peace hurt a yen the pro.
wince, lately at variance. The tr. let had cosi tud
to Barnes A,,•.. The 11.. Celli!' i.viirm was print.
int, and ..,,,:a he pobiodied in a few days. TM
actual Director has resign d, and it us, 'opposed
would be appoiuted a Senator wilder the lies Camillo
tuiiiiii.

.6 Wet was expected to Fe d. clsresi rrias
Portslive.e Gaeta:tent, sod tt.st kluute • Video
woad 1614"
Burma ATOP, Arm 2G —An Armis'ice witk
Aviv% hating tires cn clued, tnd 'vitiations for
police cntimenc•d, we natter our elves .ith the pa.
t fi:stioti of the count.y, and cuosequeut rosiest of
b. sines,.
Iron Chili we ere deity es reefing interesting new';
I for by the last skit's, Lord Cochrane, with his
I/Pot, was before Cals.., I.lorlatng the Royal aqua.
'dean pot, and it wa esiocisd tint be would at.
tack the i lOC, and &mi.., 0.
lot AAIII%OTO9. Je t r 2.—Ton repotts which haeo
been circulated be.. hove •Ptacietl treat uni•rest.—
The one is 'Le death of the President to the Tenes-es.,
of a fever; the oilier, 11141 she %%eclair kaprditioin
hid met with a schuss issierroptlits to I. ra.
! nest tit. Loaf.
'Pro tertt of the dPath of the pr.i.if.t. a a
few, in the Tenesser, spread a gloom ..ter the posh.
tic mod. On esaminstion, hoiset.i., it I. found is-
correct. There are sitsices from the Tereus** of the
3 Ist ;he sus thew in goo4lhalth. We base KM last
accusal' nin Leong'.. (Ketstatk)).

SOUTH AMERICA.
--.1.---

Copy of a letter from Colonel Ildefnoso Paredes,
Chief of the Stiff of the Army of Veneto,la, .now
liberating New Grenade, to the Citizen Moutebormil
in Angostura :
.• At the nisei of %mime de Pore, Aril M.
" MT Dann MONTIOURNIC,—Wing now engaged
in collecting the iiiitoners,l write yes this so how-
back, at the ga•es of Santiago. When et the tows
of
Trinidad, nor brave Santander received a *'patch,
informing him that the army from Santa Fe de B teem
us! advancing egainst us; wittiest, however, stating
its force, and other circumstances. SatitantPr imme-
diately citeamstiiled a pity to reconnoitre the enemy.
Ile learnt that it cnnsisted of a nemernus corps of in.
fealty, which could not amoset to less than 3009
With the utmost activity, he assented the
I icitable dispovitions ; and, hiving left head.quertery,
we 'earthed, full of enthusiasm, in the direction of
the enemy, where we took such positions as seemed
aihantageous, and each of nor soldiers adopted the
*Mee of ' Vencero Morir! The enemy now rre.•
4ewted a most formitioble •ppeavance. Ili' force in
all.amosnted to 3500 men; and Shen the action
retamenciiii, I rimless to you, that I
ds ly d.-
Spoked of success ; for the Spsoiaids puted the
"round with a hravery which could not bo 'moved
td their servile hearts. Santander, who ostutaily
poisitsses great presence of mind and estrsordivary
Maurage, reminded the troop., in a short and @lli.
iniotod address, of the signification of the device which
I efiatingisished the Vat iesaelan attar. Instantly 40
leg of ' linter o Mvrie resounded nn every side;
lord oar Ise advancing, futieasly attacked that at
the enemy, betaking with oar charge and entireil
'costing it, in sot h a manner, that no one retold site
'himself by 11,ght, for ill who were not killed well
made prisoners. Santander will speedily publish'
Bulletin respecting this action, so highly glorious.—•
I shall shortly write to you all the details. Mesita
,while content yourself with hoeing that, of.itt
,enemy's cavalry, we have about 1000 poisoner,: the
I rest are ill stretched on the field. lite have cntlectfi
:ell his artillery which was in Salinas, and a Ira
quantity of arms and nitanitinfts. We now suck
*pea Santa Fe de Bogota, and abort bolsi' this W.I.
oess with the troops which they bus tins.
. `b Your's, Bea
ILDfirol469 ['ARENS."
