• REFORM IN PARLIAMENT.
E tow.
MIDDLESEX MEETING.

ASTLE Y's, Westroinaer Bridge.
Huger the Patronage of their Royal INimemes the Princ!aof
WAIAS and Duke
fr ()yank.
RE PUBLIC are reSpeat ully informed, that
1 Mt. SMITH, being perfectly recovered from a long in-
dispositioe, will, THis EVENING, TO-MORROW, and
sATUR DAL go through his raisons FLYING ACT (IF
110RiEMANSH IP, in addition to the onecosalled EXER-
CISES ofthe DOUBLE COMPANY ofEQUESTRIANS.
Previous to which the Grans' Rnitestrian and Pedestrian
War-Spectacle, &Mies h* Mr. Asilev, Jun. called
The ARAB ; or, The PaLsanotlits of the Osscar.
Comprehending a series of events in the Progre-save Ad-
ventures and Actions of the Inhahi,setsof Egypt, del...eating
the Manner-, Custom, and Warfare of those Infantry and
Cavalr*, likewise the Haunts and Stratagems of an Arabian
Haelitti, tigether with the mode of then Traffic its !ilaves ;
with &faithful Portraiture of the Nlovesnents, Re,ting places,
Ate. of a Grand Caravan, on its Journey of silty Miles Irmo
Cairo to Suez.
To conclude with a GENERAL ATTACK of the Free-
booters, Caravan Guards, Itc. nu REAL HORSES, with
the FALLof theARAB Cille.F. .
Horsemanship by the Doable Company, with the ECeen-
tfitilies nt Ow Hunted Tailor.
The whole to conclude with, for the last ttree nights, anew

Comic Pantomime. calleri
HARLEQUIN PYGMALION ;
Or, a Tier through France.
Rabibitiog 14 entirely new Sixties, taken from well-known
Views in that C,nantry, particularly the Furtiticatinua at
Vuletwiensies, Public l;ardent in Paris, Tivoli Illuenionted,
and a View of the Camp at &Movie; to conclude with a
Grand Cloud Palace.

}lsalequio, Mr. Bologna, jun.; Columbine, Mr. Melville; and
Clown, Nlr. Laurent.
The gernery by Me*rt. Wilson, Scare, &c. The Dresse
Merrs. Bishop, Howard, &c. The Music by Mr. Law-
rence, and the Poetry by Mr. Barret.
Doors to °penal half past live o'clock, and begin at half
Oast six. Boxes 4s. Pit L*. Gallery Is Places t.tkeh at the
Box OMee from ten until three o'clock; which cannot be
kept after half-past seven. Second Price half-past eight.
tontl.ty next will be produced an entire uew Comic
Pantomime, with exteurive mechanical change=. useisuoutr-
&wet &e. invented and got up by Mr. A vile), Jun. called
Tne,Netirlituirr Bo I,L, or HARLIQUIN V IrTIM.

BA N &MOWS lAPST.

OMONDAY MORNING, between Lou..
bard-buret and the Bank, a Xathl BAN k-NOTE,
&IA the 15th Ilay of July, 1899, Nu. 1.:i01.
Wooever tins finned the tame, anal will sring it to Mr.
RICHARD TIIOIIAS, Fen-rutin, Feasbureb-street, shall
receive a REWARD of ANU.
N. R. Payniesa is slipped at Vie Bank, aad nu farther
Reward will be °feted.
Asc. 7. IV9. •

EAST' iNDIA SHAWLS AND MVSLiNs.
WANTED a variety of SHAWLS and
SHAWL HANDKERCHIEFS, and hay other
curious Articles of ludia Produce.
Apply to JOHN 1/1 VIES, lined-strect, Listen-draper,
diret tly facing Blenheim-street.
This 4ay was published, pi ire 1•. 61.
ACATALOGUE OF KOOK, ASCIENT
atld MODEVI; ioetudiag the Valaahle and Lttensive
Library the late WILLIAM FULLERTON, Itsq. of
Contain, ea Sale, at She Shop of Coastabl.., Hunter, Park,
and Ranter, N'.
Imdiate-Areel.
• Catalogers may be hod at the place of Sale, and of
irchlhald I'mm:tide and Co. rAliberigio.
• Is

this Press, and weedily will be published . hardeamely.
printed In Ifonbeap
THE VILLA GARDEN DIRECTORS ;
nr, Monthly lode: of Work to he dune in Town and
Villa Garden... Snrunheiies, and Parterres: with Hints 0"
the Tre..tment at barubs and Flowers, usually kept in the
Green-Room, the Lobby and the Dinwing-Roost.
By WALTER NICOL.
Designer of Gardens &e.: Atehor of The
,4 Forting, Fruit, Gardens,
Patton; G.trtleuer;" the " Practi-
cal Planter," &e.
Edinburgh: Printed far A. Constable anti Cn.; and for
rennbt nhle, liun er, Mirk, and Hunter, Lund.nt.
BURDETT'S REFORM EXANIINED.
Tbis day was published, price 2/t.
AN IMPARTIAL EXAMINATION of SIR.
FRANCIS BURDETT'S PLAN of P.111L1.1-
IENTARY REFORM.
Printed fur BONE and HONE, opposite Souser.et-Ilnuse,
Strand.

RICHARDSON. GOODLU(7K. . 'it)
STOCK BROK ERS,
EqIECT FULLY acquaint the Public., that
AIL t►e whole Isf the New Slate Lottery• will be drown iu
Sue Dom. 20th of October next.
This Lottery Iwo only 5000 Numbers (from No. I to 5010
intiasive), Four Tieketsaf a Number, pts that the Purchaser
of a Simile Ticket will gain a Prise of 141,0001.
By Two Tickets of the snide Numher.
A Prize of 44,0901.
Three Tickets of the same Number,
A Prize of 60,0001.
By Fnur Tickets of the same N amber,
A. Prize of 80,000 t.
Lod all other Prizes in the sane Proportion.
CAPI rAt. PRIZLS.

4 _
40,001)
4 .... of .... or El.#loo
4 . of

Tick•ts nod Shares are nu Sale by It ICUAK I)SON,
fIOODLUCK, and Co. Cnrahill, tmd Gbaring-Cress. Lon-
don who phared and.snld last Three Lotterie-, No". 009.
10,197, and Three Prizes of W.W.11. Mill 7930,
1.1.n00t. They are also the (poly Offices that eser told in
Shares I' wo Prizes of :10,11001.
PH.F.bLNT PRICI*.
Ticket £2l its.
Half 11 0 0 17 0
tarter b 1:1 Mi‘teetsth 1 9
Yb f
,•~: 1-eve to call the atttmiun ir
of J
the
toUM t
he
..1 the hew 'Amt ry. which mien a greater Chance
for Misdoing an immeo.e Fortuohan ever before knit.. rt. as
the holder, of four 'rickets of tl.!vpaisie Nuatber may obtam
the Vag Sum of .
i;it;it'rr THOUS‘ND POUNDS.
EYTON darters that the haute good fortune
uhseh has attended the Pirreltaierp of Tiettts and S' tires at
Ins late Owe darn% nsauy part Lotteries, awaits them at his
present Other,
No. 2, CORNDILI.,
Where he shall he happy to receive. the Commands of his
nrad, atiJ the Public, assoring teas that every Order they
mai be pir.sied In favour bias stied, either far Town or
t'auntry. shall be executed with tit • ut stopt i'a'.ctualit, ;
halt all Shares of Prins sold by tint in sue last Lottery. will
Lk' take's, at their fun cake, in Lath:awe fur uCieis in the
eu..ing Lottery. which n ill be diswn

Yesterday, persnant to Advertisement, up-
wards of a thousand Freeholders of the County
of Middlesex assembled at the Mermaid 'revert', at
Hackney. A more respectable Meeting has scarcely
been seen. At half past 12 o'clock the Sheriffs
arrived, and at one the Meeting was opened by
Mr. Sheriff DOMVILLE, who stated, that
the Meeting had been convened in consequence of
a Requisition to the Sheriffs, requesting them to
call a Meeting for the purpose of considering the,
propriety of petitioning the llonse of Comm
on the subject of the Reform in Parliament.
Major CicItTWRIGWr then rose, and are.
dressed the Meeting to the following effect Pe-
" Gentlemen. it is so long since the Requisition
for this Meeting was signed, that perhaps many
Gentlemen may have felt some degree of disappoin
meld at the question nut being brought forward at
an earlier period, but Parliamentary Reform must
be to all an object so important, that it may man.
rally be supposed to require more deliberation
than any subject that can be agitated in the very
critical situation in which the country now stands ;
and besides this consideration, there has bees
another of not inferior importance : it was
thought proper to consult as many as could at
this season of the year be personally consulted of
that virtuole and independent body of men, who
have lately, with so emelt honour to themselves,
taken their stand on the flock of the Constita.
lion, on the foundation of true and genuine pa.
!Holism, fur the deliverance of the country from
that foulest of usurpations and despotism—thei
Borough Faction; which, I trust, I shall
prove to ,the sttisfaction of this Amembly, has
trampled-alike on the liberties of the people, and
the dignity and independence of the Crown!
[Loud applause]---Bra before I enter on the me-
rits of tlfe momentous question that we &reassess.,
bled to consider, give +toe leave to introduce to
your notice a Noble Lord, who has thought pro.
per to place himself before the'country, not merely
as the zlpologist, but as the Champion of the
rough-nsongerinw Favtion...l mean the Earl of
Selkirk !--.[Aprilause.] At the very moment that
we have been endeavouring to convince the
country of• the necessity of a Reform in the
Representation—the Noble 1.,•wil tells us mike
pamphlet, that iu far from considering Perlis.,
mcntary Reform as necessary, ho dues not even
consider it as a practical road to any public bene-
fit whatever !!! [Hear, hear !]—that it is a
notic* quite unfounded in truth, that not only is
the fact contrary to such a supposition, but that
it is the very reverse of truth!!! [hear, hear,
hear'.] Nay, Gentlemen, this Noble Lord goes
still further, for he says, that Parliamentary Ro.
form is a delusion peculiarly unfortunate for the
country at this moment, that it is a mere bubble to
awuse and impose upon the public ; and in re-
tarn fur the accusations which we bring against
the Rosette,' Faction—the Noble LorJ in return
insist liberally charges us 4itli evil deti;rns in on;
attempt to obtain a Parliamentary Reform—foe
this, says he, is a must portentous experiment at
improvement, by throwing down the land-marks
of the Constitution. Now, Gentlemen, I looked
with no small attention through the pages of this
formidable pamphlet, to discover what is meant
by the land-marks of the Constitution, and, to
my utter astonishment, I at length discovered,
that what he calls the land-marks of the Constitu-
tion, are in fact nothing but what we call the
Rotten Boroughs, which, from the panegyric of
the Noble Lord, he seems to consider as the best
and soundest part of our Constitation.---[llear
him! Monstrons!] —Those land-marks of our
Constitution, Gentlemen, are in some sense
the same with those of the ruins of Athens
and of Rome—of those Republics once so fair,
so glorious, and so flourishing—now fallen
aml degenerated into absolute slavery ! [Ap-
plause.] But of land.lnarks of this melancho-
ly description we are unhappily in no want, for
God knows we have them in too great abundance!
IVliile (ho Constitution of England was in exist.
ence in its genuine and pristine state, it was divid-
ed into two branches, the Civil and the military.
Of the latter, the land-marks consisted of a mili-
tiaof all the people, who were trained to the
use of arms under the direction and encourage-
ment of the nobility and gentry of the kingdom.
Gentlemen, with a force so constituted and so
trained, consisting of the population of the coun-
try, no possible danger could be apprehended
from a stant!ing army ; bat that great I itid-mark
of the military branch of our Constitution is
swept away, and in its place we now see nothing
bet barracks, and many of those military recep-
tacles inhabited by German mercenaries done.
[True, true.] Gentlemen, not only is this ..the
tact, lint we have even German Generals com.

faction ; for Scotland 45 ; and for Ireland •21—
end all upon the foundation of a direct corrupt
principle and practice. [Applause.] Gentlemen,
extraordinary as this assertion may appear,. it is
not less true ; and I do assure yuu, that these 375
land-marks arc not only removed, but they are so
removed, that vie are inclosed within the land-
marks which describe the limits of Despotism.
The boroughs called open are almost universally
filial by mar selected in consequence of the vena-
lity and corruption of those boroughs, who sell
the seats to the highest bidder. Of members so
returned, it is impossible to reckon a less number
than 50, who are thin returned against the laws,
agaiust the Constitution, and against the liberliet;
of the people. TIM-brings The whele'sonibi4 of
the members of the House of Commune returned
upon that corrupt and venal principle to 428,
which may be considered, even by the friends and
abettors of corruption, as a pretty geed majority
out of only 658 members, of which the House of.
Commons is composed ! !! But this majority,
Gentlemen, is not enough fur the corruption of
the times—the scats at the devotion of the bo-
rough-mongers are not sufficieet ; for many mem-
bers of the House of Commons remain after this
to be bribed by places and pensions granted from
the Crown. By a Report that was some time ago
laid upon the table of the Rousts of Commune, it
appeared, that nu less than 78 sitting members of
that House held incisions or places under the
Crown ; and by a subsequent Report, this number
of peusioners and 'ducted' appears to have boils
increased to 112. In addition to this corrupt in.
ftuence, remain to be added 78 other Gentlemen,
whose names are all conspicuously embla:oned in
ihe Re.! Awe...officers of the navy and of the
army, dependant fur employment—fur ad,:ance:.
meat, and even for professional reputation on the
Minister of the day. Wnen the whole Itemiser of
seats thus disposed of in the House of Commons
arc correctly entunerited, it will be found
that there is an argregute of no leas than 615 out
of 638 of these lead-terteka, which is the emits
number of which that Assembly, so falvely called
the Representatives of the Commons of En4latid,l
is cumpiesed. These Gentlemen arc in truth :the
land-marks, not of our Convtitation, or of our
' liberties—they arc the land-markt of our slavery
[Hear ! toasty arc]. In tialy Writ, it is said,
" Cursed is he that removeth his neighbou.'s land-
" mark : and all the people shall sae :uncle"—
[thsten, arisen, resound,d from crcry part of the
room.] Gentlemen, if so tremendous a curse was
wit upon an inditlilts.o, who, to flick a few yards,
removed his neighbour', iatidatark, is hat ought to
be the curse I :id on that man svlin dares, unblush-
ingly, to remo:•e the grand land-mar4s of our
Constitution—even to the ruin of tuiliotis—to
the enslaving of a whole nation, to the remotest
posterity,' throuell succeeding generations !!1?
[Applauses]; On this important subject, it is
my intention to Inure a series of Resolutions ; but
first permit 1110 to MAC a very few further obser-
vellum. It has been observed by matey distin-
guished writers, that the English House of Cons-
, wogs bears a very strikiee resemblance, in its na.
Lure and functions, to a Jury, and tied it is, is
fact, as necessary a part of the Government as a
Jury is, of the Administration of the Lae s of the
Country. It etas also been observed by many
others, and those certainly not the most friendly
to our principles, nor the very strenuous advo-
cates of our rights and liberties, that it is abso-
lutely necessary for the Officers of Governwent
to sit in the House of Commons. Even to this I
will not object, and if the presence of the Officers
Of Government in the House be deemed indispen.
tinily necessary, let them be present ; batielthem
hare a bench to themselves, in the centre of the
House, and let them possess every right and pri:.
vilege, with the single exception of voting. Let
them be present to assist in the tidibers'ions of
the l!ouse, but let them not cute [Loud app!auscc,
bravo, bravo !] For giving theii• rotes, there
can beneither pretence nor apology. L.t theM
sit there, to give information no public business ,•
but I again repeat, let them not hare the right of
voting. If the comparison that has been made of
the House of Commons to it British Jury be at all
correct, the plowmen in that Howe can only be
considered as the witnesses or counsel in a trial at
Lew, where they are brought, for the purpose of
giving information or advice. We all know that
in the Courts of Law, these personages are indis-
pensably necessary, as also are certain charadters,
usually denominated culprits. Hut what would
you think, Gentlemen, if, after the charge to the
Jury, the Counsel, and Witnesses, and Culprits,
were all to march into the Jury-box, and juin in
giving the verdict .11 [Very loud applaures.]
Gentlemen, I am certain that I do nut strain the
parallel ; I hire merely represented things ea.
wily as they arc. Another consequence inevita.:
1 bly follows the extraordinary mode of procedure
which at present obtains, and that is,
_that the

nation of the Borough faction ? If, therefore, we
have a spark of loyalty left, we shall endeavotir
to rescue his lifoffsty from that bondage and
thraldom in which he has so long been held by
the dark machinations of the borough faction.—
And hereit is worthy of remark, that another,
and that the most important land-mark of our
Constitution, is removed ; for, although the 80.
roligh.mimgera are content to tolerate the power
of the C: lief Magistrate, it I. only on the condi-
Ben of their reigning King over him [applause],
for they can impose on hilt' who they please for
Ministers, and on them whatever measures they
think tit, being thus obviously in the hands, and
ender the controul of the Borough Faction. The
darkness with which a throne is usually encircled
is so impenetrable, that it is not difficult to con-
ceive his Majesty to be ignorant of his real situa-
tion ; for where is the Minister who would have the
courage, even were it his interest, to disclose to
1 his Monarch the degrading state of dependence
into which be has at length been brought by
the Borough Faction ? It therefore becomes
the imperious and paramount duty of his faith.
ful People to call upon the King to emanci-
pate himself, for the emancipation of the Xing
would be the theca sad open road to the
restoration of our freedom. But here I bog that
I ;may not be misunderstood : let nu man, fur one
moment, imagine that, in 'speaking of an Aildr4e
to tlic King, touching a Reform in Parliaruent, • I
would move any metisure that could be deemed un.
coustitutional. I never will be the man who shall,
in the slightest degree, trench-upon the liberties of
the people of Eaglatid ; but when we find a King
reirerin; ander the • time bondage with our_
selves, it may surely he permitted its to publish
the grievances ttuiLr which we f...el ourselves to
be so severely labouring. The Kin; has the sank
interest in preserring the Conwftution as our-
,elees, and shall we not seek his aid was enable as
its penetrate that darkness, and force a little of
the light of truth into that circle of concentrated
gloom, which at present serrnumli the Throne ?
Not do I see the smailest re !son for doubting that
his Majesty, iouf4 he but know his reel situation,
!night be perfeelly dispo.e;el to assist his faithful
people its rescuing -himself friim the thraldom of
the Borough freti 111 in which he is held. It is,
we all know, 'IA very long since he dismissed his
Ministers taith iii.lignation -suspecting. them, is
he did, of attempting te impose upon ht e. AWE
if lie were but trii!y ana fully infOrmed of do
situation in which I.c is stow ht•ld, what reestin
have we to think that lie would express less Ma 66.
nation at the preseiit moment against the Borough
faction ? It is sec). common language to say, that
to obtaie a itihres in Parliament is Ailcult--;bet
in no uth..r point of view is the übtatitieg Wet
Reform ditlicult—than that which arises from the
supineness and inattention of the people, wtw
have, in truth, neglected to exert themselves as
they ought to have done. But whenew the iiiib.
tic shall once be fully roused to exertion, 1 dare
venture to forelell, that their triumphant conquest
of corruption will be easy. Tse corrupt power.
by which they arc oppressed is only formidable in.
imagination. IVhy,-Crentlemee, the %battering
of Rorough-mongers, the whole crewel if you
could have them here, would not fill even quarter
of. this room. I am myself a tolerable instance
in my own person to show how weigh and inipo-
tent these Burough.mongers are when the people
Alert themselves. The Borough fattiest, conceive
themselves to be sovereigns, and to have sovereign
power—but I have now bean for more than 30
years in open rebellion against this sovereignty
of the Rorough-,mongering faction—I have denied
their futile doctrine, resisted their authority in
the very zenith of their despotism, and set thefts
t complete defiance. Even a single individual,
having for his spear truth, and fur his shield time
Constitution, would be found invulnerable, as I
ve been—for in that 30 pars they have not
fired to touch a heir- of my head. Moat theta
will be the irresistibility of the people of rug.
land, when they shall rise against those men who
have so Jou* tiAiiipled on them, oil their rights,
and on their liberties I I have heard a great deal,
end so hare you, all ahout temperate Reform and
alosieratc Reform. To be temperate is to stop
short of excess; —to be moderate is to ask no
more than our right, only whit our safety de-
mands. I hope we shall. be buth temperate and
moderate—but I cannot commit to levy
: .me par.
tide of our rights and liberties in the hand• of the
Borough faction. Much also has bee', ~,,d ou the
sulkiest of umuaimily—but absolute unatinnits is
a mere c.hiincera. All we can expect is, that
gen,:ral concurrence which may enable us to
succeed iu our attempt. I would here ask, how
. . _ .
eel

.1
I

•-••• I,o7T:7l,)‘7l.7irufliNll DC ;17raw(g;CTOBF
R. tact, nut we nate l'•1:11 CSC,' CZCISCI-114Y w atuLig as wt.:at:lm. W. 111111.1., 1111111‘1. anaa .
mantling our forces,in districts particularly exposed same process which thus deprives tho People of it has hap penal, that, although the reasoning dud
CAPITAL GRAAINO Ott DAIRY F.lll-0, IN to the attack of the enemy—German Generals their elective franchises and tights of represents_ demonstrations of leadidlaave been eckuo
WILTSHIRE.
TA PE %OLD BY PRIVATE coNTRAeT, commanding our forces for the defence of the corm- tie!), also deprives his Majesty of his dignity and and unshaken for WOO years, other peileiplet,
BROOK F:-IfOUSE FARM ; consisting of a try ! ! [Shame, Shame.] God grant me pa- independence, so that ht, in fact, becomes the equally imnintabk, sho sld have la e t (Linked or
menial Earn-How, cow-itoti.e, .1W other tietVec while I speak of these things !! ! IVhen vassal and dependant of a GANG of Bonouou. neglected. I am fully betisible.of Inc very wide
f•ii.i.iings4 together IvitM oboht Acme' Water Meadow,
we turn our eyes to the
ra•ture, and a smarty ort ma of Arable Land. Civil Branch of the Cre on- MONGERS, of any such of whom the King of Eng. diffence between the sulii•nts of Teolielry and
Loncir WOOD FARM, etto.'atiox af a Bond yams stitntion, and see what is become of that great land formerly dittlained to hold his power and au.i Perliamenta, y Reform—but the first vitt,
T 1
,:vvvei &wilt's, Barn, arr. he. fps:ether with 13 Arm of landmark of the Gonstitutiou, the Reprentita. thority. Inancient times, the King of England I ciples of both are eqoallv .01..evideat. —lf,
..ieattow, Pasture, sied Arable Land.
Huth Ow libwre FAnosadjuiu earls other in a • Ring Feller, tistli the People, all that wo have left is the out_ stood on the lofty. eminence of the Constitution, however, you look forwartiin the hope of 11 1149 I•
!Pr. lugbly latpenee.tblet rheum frau ft.ttit and Devises 12 ward and visible sign ; fur in the House of Com- deriving his splendour and maintenance solely
o 3,‘`. Aid W 4% Newer (which large market Iowa) ont.' man, %gr.., at4ght, atmite, it is my earnest rcconerscn.l 'Nati mat we
this moment to have 656 Repre. front the geod.will and grateful disposition of the should adhere to those is!atimis paths
1441, tad :t • {,
farther Patieslars apply (if by Letter, peKt paid) In sentatives, duly elected.t..y the People, and by no People ; his revenues were then granted by the of the Constitution—Javtec and- /14vaerf# end.
I!':".r?ifilwilers and Co. Soliritorl. ltralfdrd. Wilts; or. others. Hut what :the fact ? Fur England free will of the whole People, represented as they' that we should un MOW /9 lint"l"'.9 nr
• h„ bead Saner*, liarala
lAA! DCIi, wheu the gsaam, near Wnrmitater.
r 119.041 ma be bad at there are-no less than 307 members of that House were in Parliament. But when no fewer than by flattering this Party or that Far. n, endeavinsr
tiM
veld lamb' tyro y capes. returned by borough-mongers, and others of that 615 of the great land-marks of war glorious Con- to obtain the concurrence of tffe People of Eog.
•
•
