o last advises from Yen Cresi
/ail there, sad say that a grad
Ire immediately embarked for
pt Isere Is extremely selommil
evoy whit!' is making ep for
ry saleable. Fitter (lowa 15

kb inst. have been medemL
st of much importance. Tie
irs of the East assists of St-
and what relates to Spain is
e the statements of the Jour-
ranee, Catalonia continues to
doss. The French Chamber
'gad in discussing the project
Atstonss, but the discussion is
I Seethes left Salim, on the
cost, for Poled's,. Many of
re are suffering severely from
I and thunder storms. A let-
-1 the 17th inst. says, that for
Id no rain. that water bogie,
the tows, and that tie core

r destroyed.
ik 25.—Five per Gat. Coevals
*Am. 91f. 65e. ; claim; at
Lauda*, aus ateath. 25f. 35e ;

S IN PARLIAMENT.

or, rather, our Lord. Lord
makes ■p for all the apparent
ships during the present See-
l. Committee on the fretresko
will bear in mind, that the
lons and half-pay, which the
re the satisfaction to know and
fire millions a-year, have bees
Ittle National Debt, a young
sow. This young debt is not
re nay longer ; it is to be called
I be borrowed to pay these five
pan of them, while (good gra-,
tided that there is a shadow
sh the mother Debt. So that,
liners are swunting dews the
her lighter fur as to bear, they
se. just equal In weight to
r the old one. The Bill for the
lebt was le Committee in the
I Kure an *caesium of moving
, of which be had given notice
ill be found in the report itself
maser help inserting it here
hiog bettor conceived or bettor

ace of taxation, no less lowest
adds all classes of his Majesty's
hlyexpodient to afford some re-
I Illtalltllm of relief. which will
the least intelligible plan which
I is. that of extruding the bar-
d naval possums over a longer
lbm satneal lives of the present
ying the espouse of the first 16
gaol loans; and whereas, by an
0.13., a very large provislos has
siotessance and half-pay of tiro
nigh sad elk-lest offices, sad it
thoomitlosaase of the souse high
on in the offices they now hold,
easing the moos& of dead ser-
slowly provided, is case his Ms-
oriel servants should resign their
I true economy, and the latent
wolves and of the Act, and of
meat Parliament= sad whereas
Sinking Food of five millions,
'option of she National Debt, to
.aeration at the expense of the
it is also become expedient to
mat sad inspatieat geoeration at
y, which socessary reliefeould be
**sly by a reduction tram the sai d
a equal to the amount of eremitic
which it is becomes° highly me-
shrives his Majesty's confidential
high and efficient offices, have
a the said Sinltiog Fund, to the
Mons aforesaid, should be main-
it is highly necessary that the
* and efficient public men should
',spiritual, and-also by the Lords
is in Parliament assembled. there-
sad with the advice of the same.
s shall be raised in a circsitons
se Lords Commissioners of the

power to lewd to themselves and
wee, and to conceal the whole
*selves, and from all other igno-
sed persons; and be it further
imismoners for redeeming the as•
wise be the trustees appointed by
money on annuities to provide for
val and military pensions, and that
spacity of trustees, create stock,
picky of Commissioners for the
rational Debt shall purchase that
ore expedient and inexplicable,
r Bills, and invest and reinvest
A' through all the mates of the
telling to the will and pleasure of
• Exchequer, and make centuple
led always that the aggregate of
fixity shell agree with the same
of the requisite mould from the

lid that be himself was willing
red by the Noble Lord should
a of the House, in order to afford
of the judicious arguments of
ye in the habit of charging Ili-
icy is that respect.—Posterity
very quickly if it has to feel any
r going on. Anxious, however, as
mumble on the joureals, the no-
vas negatived. Judicious argu-
ment; what in the shape of ree•
Ito a thing like this? It admits
Inge. representation ; and that
wed on it in the happiest manner.
any thing to please us so much
quite satisfied that it will give
.nsible man in the &mien. The
d serious discuision. A man of
g to his understanding to attempt
y; sal Lord KING has treated
kick was left him without self de-
dertaking. With this preamble
the Bill goes off in proper style.
talent, no 111110 clearness of head

to describe the confusims of sack a !Lief, sod ilt u
reasonable emotes, too. It Is dose: stud uttliltlatedY•
ix Tillt COMMONS, Mr. MICIIARL Amish" brought
forward • petities from she peeing commisoloners,
which was received, and leave given q brit% in a Bill.
after Mr. Pau, had enitiplimeated the Hoe. Member
en the laudable sad active superietsudance with which
he welched seer the comfort and improvement of the
of the metropolis. There was a “ bear ! Lear r
when Mr. Peat. said this; and we mast confess that
this Mr. Menem. Awash° is one of the most pais.-
takiag gentlemen, even in that House. The Hon.
Member's father was, we have understood, an archi-
test, and beam, probably, the Christian same of MI.
Caaat ATCORIA prefixed to the surname of TATiOlle
Love of pretty buildings and streets and a dislike to
dirt and smoke appear to have been hereditary in this
ease, very much, as Mr. Pest, says. to our comfort
and improvement; but we, speaking for outselves, can
say that the paving acts produce espouses which we
And very bertbeasome, and which we wish Mr. Me-
(*NAIL ANGELO would find some way of reducing. It
is very easy to bring in Bills &boat paving, but set so
easy to pay the tax that they impose; and we an very
much disposed to believe, that such Bills should be
passed with very great rare sod cantles.
Licsxstwo BILL —This Bill, brought in by Mr.
Burner, was read a third time end passed, with only
fifty-nise Members present is the House. It appears
to have been slipped away to almost aolisieg; but.
there is this comfort, that whatever it deer to make a
change in the present law mast &tier the better. Mr.
MICII4III. AN•11.0 TATIOR said be had bees a Ma-
gistrate for thirty-years, and had never knows an abase.
Mr. Booms WILIBIIa man (the Lancashire-maa) had an
objection to an appeal to the Quarter Sessions, which
is very surprising, because this would be coding bat
an appeal from Magistrates to Magistrates. Daring
the debates cm this Bill, several Members observed
oa the power which persons had as Magistrates.
We think that mach of the alarm en that Account
may sow cease; for, if we are sot greatly deceived,
those " spiritual persons" will sooe have work enough
to do in attending. to the preservatioo of their own
temporalities against the furious assaults which the lay
owners of land are beginning to make epos them.—
This will certainly keep them busy, and we are de-
ceived if it do sot sad in a manner satisfactory to all
men that love justice and siacerity. The ereet•trede
will slacken, we think, and we have the comfort to be
pretty sure. that we shall bear very little more from
either Bench or Pulpit shoat sedition and blasphemy.
S:x Acts will be a dead letter, and the Parsons will
have to grapple with things of a less metaphysical
nature.

SLAVI TIADe.—Mr. Wtt s carom cs brought forward
a lost and tedious string of resolutions. the tendency
of which was to complain of the tonduct of foreign
nations, and particularly of the French, for suffering
the Slave-trade to be carried on with its numb rigour
as aver. The resolutions concluded with conjuring
the Kim° to renew Ale remeastrenees, on this nnV
with foreign powers. Lord CASTLIMIAGIII did net
pose the motion. Sir JAnn 1111cconroen said that

his " Noble Friend the Doha de Beams" was against
the traSe. He took occasion, also. to express his re.
'spew fur Lord Gamtvits.n. Hs said a great may
other things. bet net very applicable to the sabjrce.
Mr. W. Spurn said *et niasty ar
_sl head
had sailed from our plis isellietlave-trades
all to the merits of t►e serstos,r what is his Maasssi
M reasessetrote about ? Why. he is to complain of the
Frew& and other nations, for maids( up their steel
otainues. which was taken from them by us daring
tin late wars. He is to say. my colonies are
stacked, and, fur the Inver of humasity. I wish
yes not to stock yours. Saab rebsoostrance might
be very well if we bad not a Landholder's Debt, a
Waterloo Debt. and the like; but, Mr. Witnearoacn
ought to be well assured that the negotiator, who is
sssorioualy unable to go to war, way as well keep Ma
league quiet in his brad and spare himself the waste
of ink aad of paper. If Mr. WII.BIIIIOIICI will first
agree to a Parliamentary Reform that would deprive
him. very probably, of a seat in Parliament. and that
wield certainly pat an sad to the Borough of Draw-
bar. then those best friends of the foreign slave-trade,
the figure of eight, and the eight cyphers. which
Oland posted up at the Stock-Exchange, telling all
the world that we are unable to go to war. may re-
ceive a rubbing off of one of the cyphers, and thee
his Majesty may remonstrate with ejfeet. Only rah
off one of those cyphers. and we pledge ourselves
that the French will become as humane as we are.—
It is that figure of eight and the eight cyphen that
gave protection to the foreign slave trade. Nations
always remonstrate foolishly sinless they remonstrate
with cannon-ball. M r.Wttasaroacs ought to know this
very well, by what he bullpen asmaller seals much Dear-
sehome. This gentleman and Sir JAMBS MACKINTOfIa
eulogised the humanity of the Goverment of the
United States in this respect, as far as related to its
owe practice with regard to the Slave-trade. They do
not know perhaps, that the Slave-trade is carried on
with such vigour in the city of Washington itself.
They do not know that Negro-slavery exists in all its
vigour in t►e far greeter part of the United States.
They know nothing of the Slave-marts; the aeons of
Save-marts in that country, when his wib oad,
ebildren are frequently pat upon a table, sold off se-
parately at the hammer, and carried away by the psi•
chasers, never to behold each 'other again. They
hum nothing of these things, of coarse. or they
would hardly bestow praise en each detestable enmity
and still more detestable hypocricy. There may be
something said for taking the Africans oat of their
state of barbarism ; but what can be said for the
damnable nets continually perpetrated by the Souther.
Americans on the natives of their own soil, on their
country-men and coantry-womea ; by which acts, how-
ever. we must ds the Americans from the State of De-
laware North and Eastward the justice to declare free.
They hold those deeds in as much or more ab-
horrence than Mr. WILSIRPORCI does. and b• will
gain little favour with them for Ms praises of the
general Government in this respect. It came
oat. in the debate, that the American and Preach
Governments had refused to adopt a MUTUAL
RIGHT OF SEARCH. in *refer to prevent this
trade being carried on! Aye, we will warraet
it they have! They remember right of search; they
know what that means very well; and this -plainly
shows ieforateutil. what they intend if our Agorae'
sight and eight cyphers continue. Remonstrate, 10-
