JOHN ARIVIVIE, ESQ.

_
The death of .lohniateenie, Esq. is a national teals-
mity. His loss cannot be adequately supplied by any
living Artist, for, though we have many able engi-
neers, we know of none who so eminently possess so-
lidity of judgment with profound knowledge, and the
.happy tact of applying to every situation, where he was
called upon to exert his faculties, the precise form of
remedy that was wanting to the existing evil. Wile-
•ther it was to stem the torrent and violence of the most
boisterous sea—to make new harbours, or to render
those safe which were before dangerous or inaccessible
—to redeem districts of fruitful land from encroach-
ment by the ocean, or to deliver them from the pesti-
lence of stagnant marsh—to level hills, or to tie them
together by aqueducts, or arches, or by embankment
to raise the valley between them—to make bridges
that for beauty surpass all others, and for strength
seem destined to endure to the latest posterity. Mr.
Rennie had no rival. Every part of the Cnited kingdom
possesses monuments to his glory, and they are as stu-
pendous*s they are useful. Theywill present to our chil-
dren's children objects of admiration forathcir gran-
deur, and of gratitude to the author fur their utility.
Comparethe worksof Mr. Rennie with the most boasted
exploits of the French engineers, and remark how
they tower above them. Look at the Breakwater at
Plymouth, in comparison with the Casoons at Cher-
burg—any one of his Canals with that of Ourke, and
his Waterloo-bridge with that of Neailly. Their su-
periority is acknowledged by every liberal Frenchman.
He cultivated his art with the most enthusiastic ardor,
and Instead of bring merely a theorist, he prepared
iimself for practical efficiency by visiting and minutely
inspecting every work of magnitude in every country
that bear similitude with those which he might be called
on to construct, and his library abounds in the richest
collection of scientific writings of that of any individual.
The loss of such a man is irreparable. Cut off in the
full vigor of his mind his death seems to suspend for a
time the march of national improvement, until the just
fame of his merit shall animate our rising artists to imi-
tate his great example, and to prepare themselves by
study and observation to overcome, as he did, the most
formidable impediments to the progress of human enter-
prise, of industry, and of increased facility in all the
arts of life. The integrity of Mr. Rennie in the fulfilment
of his labours, was equal to his genius in the contrivance
of his plaits and machinery. He would suffer none of the
modes u subterfuges for real strength to be resorted to by
the contractors employed to execute what he had under-
taken. Every thing he did was for futurity, as well as
present advantage. An engineer is not like an architect.
He has no commission on the amount of his expenditure ;
if he bad, Mr. Rennie would have been one of the most
opulent men in'England, for many millions have been
expended under his eye. But his glory was in the jus-
tice of his proceeding, and his enjoyment in the success
of his labours. It was only as a millwright that he en-
gaged himself to execute the work be planned, and in
this department society is indebted to him for economi-
sing the power of water, so as to give an increase of
enerot, by its specific gravity to the natural fall of
streams, and to make his mills equal to four-fold the pro-
dace of these which, before his time, depended solely on
the impetus of the current. His mills of the greatest size
work as smoothly as cluck-work, and by the alternatecon-
tact of wood and iron, arc less liable to the hazard of fire
by friction. His mills, indeed, are models of perfection.
I (*the death of such a man is a national loss, what
mast it be to his private friend: and to his amiable fa
rt~ilys Endeared by all who knew him by the gentle-
riers of his temper, the cheerfulness with which he
communicated the riches of his mind, and forwarded
the views of those who made useful discoveries or im-
provements in machinery or implements. procured him
universal respect. He gave to inventors all the bene-
fit: of his experience, removed difficulties which bad
not occurred to the author, or suggested alterations
which adapted the instrument to its use. No jealousy
nor self-interest ever prevented the exercise of this
free and unbounded communication, for the love of
seience was superior in his mind to all mercenary feel-
ing.—Mr. Rennie was born' in Scotland, and fisam his
earliest years devoted himself to the art of a civil en-
gineer.• He was the intimate friend and companion
of his excellent countryman, the late Mr. Watt ; their
habits and pursuits wet e similar. They worked loge-
ttaer, and to their joint efforts are we chiefly indebted
far the gigantic power of the steam-engine in ail our
manufactories. He married early in life Miss Macin-
tosh, a beautiful young WOlll4ll, whom he had the mis-
fortune to lose souse years ago, but who left him an in-
teresting and accomplished fatally. They have now
to lament the loss of the best of parents, who, though
possesse I of a constitution and frame so robust as to
give the promise of a very long life, sunk under an
• attack at the early age of tit

[Attempts have been impotently made by his invidious
rivals to disputa Mr. Rennie's pretensions to the character
of an Engineer, on account of his having happeacd to be
bred a millwright ; as if the practical proofs he has gives of
his talents were not more convincing evidence thelti
any theoretical acquirements, or as if he were the only pee-'

son who bad become an eminent Engineer after having been
destined for another pursuit. Many, if not most of the dis-
tinguished civil engineers of the present day hadbeat ori-
ginally engaged in some other profession ; and while some
of those who cavilled at Mr. Rennie's fame were as noto-

riously illiterate as envious. it would hare been easy to
thew that Mr. Rewire. in his youth. had enjoyed the advan-
. tages of a liberal education. About eighteen years ago. it
was proposed to cut a short canal through the North Inch of
Perth. for the purpose of enabling shipping to avoid the
shallows in the river Tay. immediately below the town.
bir. Rennie was consulted on the occasion, and prepared the
plans and specitications required. On being requested to
state his charge for the labour and attention he bad bestow-
ed upon the business. he declined every idea of remunera-
tion. alleging as a reason for his refusal. that he begged his
services in the work might be accepted as his acknowledg-
ments to the town of Perth. for the benefit he had 'derived
j runs her Academy in which he had been educated. This
logtitution, it is well kaown to those acquainted with it. of--'
fords a very liberal course of science to its juvenile shekels.
and has seat out a groat number of youths who have beeeillis
useful sad distinguished members of society. It is sky
known ter these aequinted with the mode is whis slis.
Rennies.evrriees were estimated- at the period alluded M.
teat the nompliment be paid to the town of Perth by kiss*.
fusel of reienneratioa, was aeiftier empty our trilling.' We
happen to know that about eight or tea yaws ago. when
Mr. Rennie was engaged to go to Webs to inlaid an es-
bankmeot there. his charge was 40 /MINIS a day, sad all
his travelling expenses defrayed.---Eosvon.]

. .

LONDON:
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 11, 1021.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE ottoCK.
Although several large purchases have been made
this week i■ the funds, by eminent brokers, they
remain steady this morning. It was 'Supposed the
above purchases were made on information received
from the Continent, but hitherto nothing has trans-
pired either to lower or raise the market. The
Settling Day is soon approaching, and, according to
every appearance, bids fair to the winding up of
their accounts, and money not being scarce, we
suppose will tend to prevent any fluctuations of
great i:nportance. Consols were, this morning, 7711.

Except the rumours and the speculations to which
the struggles of the Greeks and tbp (pelves 'between
Russia and the Porte give rise, e Only article:Af
public importance which the foreign papers coq.;
relate to the progress of the epidemic disease in Spat.,
Respecting that, it might be supposed the matter
was so interesting to humanity. as to be little subject
to be viewed through the medium of political preju-
dice, or to be misrepresented by the spirit of party.
The reverse, however, is found to be the case. (eripe-
cially in the Paris papers, the editots of which appear
disposed to exaggerate or suppress the symptoms
of the epidemic, according as these symptoms
suit their political bias. Among i medical his-
torians this prejudice might be ttym,,aapected to
appear. Different theories prevail ,as to the
the treatment, and the virulence of„the disease ; some
assuming it as highly contagious, and others, as oc-
casioned by circumstances of temperature, place, and
atmosphere. It is not our province to presume to
judge in a controversy of such vital importance, and
so different from our professional inquiries. We had
expected, from the procaine of a medical eorrespondeat,
to have been enabled, long ere now, to lay before tile
public the result of some recent, and extensive, and
enlightened observations on the subject. Certain
circumstances, however, as we learn, have unfortu-
nately occurred, which invasion the desired commu-
nication to be a while postponed . This we the more
regret on account of the alarm which is excited by a
respectable Morning Paper of this day, in consequence
of the arrival in England of vessels from the Medi-
terranean, and the looseness with which our laws of
quarantine are in general administered. We will not
encrease the alarm by stating the cases, because
we are convinced that whether the disease in question
be contagious or not, it is not, in any degree, so conta-
gious as fear. We would not, at the same time, make
light of a matter which others have regarded in a se-
rious point of view. While some a our own journals
entertain the same opinion with ourselves, that the
yellow-fever in Spain has somewhat abated in violence,
another states, on the authority of accounts from Bar-
celona, that up to. the 27th ult. itfoutfitsed to extend
its ravages. The truth is, the appfAension excited
by it has been extended to other countries on the Con-
tinent which have communication with the Peninsula,
as well as to France. All letters must be fumigated at
the frontiers of France and Italy, and a strict quaran-
tine has been impo'ed on vessels coining from Spain,
to any ports upon the coast, from Nice to the confines
of Tuscany.

Portugal, the land of divine right, monkish slavery,
and the inquisition, has by the noble energies of its
people broke the chains and shook off the irarnmels of I
despotism ; its regeneration has been nobly effected by
its glorious spirit of liberty inspiring the ranks of its
patriotic defenders. No Ufe-guards can be found
there to cut down their inoffensive neighbours, no
more vultures in black coats to forward the propoga-
tion of Spies and Informers, and arm one body of men
to destroy the other ; no scouts from a nefarious gang
of adventurers to watch the fire-sides of public and pri-
vate houses; no packed juries or Wantons in power to
plunder the KtEtto of the army, of his dearly earned
rights ; no hypocrites behind the curtain, who dare
prevent the K►NG from placing himself in the midst of
his subjects as our Kura, God bless him, was placed
among his Web subjects ; no venal press to abuse the
first men in the country, and no rewards to the
demoralizers of the Portuguese people. No longer
like frggs do they want a log of wood for a Kara; no
longer is the regal office separated from the rights
of the people. The Portuguese Kure is identifietVwith
the constitution as a first Magistrate, but not a despot
He has attended the Cortes and laid, the first stone of
a monument to liberty, now erecting in the square of
Romig. at Lisbon, and in commemoration of the over-
throw of Portuguese slavery. This King was eon-

N4l.

ijidered a fool among the Royalists of Europe, bat it
appears he has sufficient sense to*, see that as Kings
are supported by the people, the more amiable, the
more lasting the connection. -.The King placed him-,
self in a balcony, where 8000 soldiers of liberty
passed in review. The 16th regiment who first de-
clared for the people, were particularly cheered; did
the OXFORD BLUES pass in review before the KING
in Hyde-park, they could not be more enthusiasti-
tally housed by the British people, than this cele-
brated regiment of Portuguese infantry. The dif-
Arent bands plapd national airs, such as our Role
111ritannia, Scots toha hoe, and Erin go bragh, and the
surrounding multitudes joined in the patriotic chorus.
After which, a dinner was served out to the poor, and
entertainments gratis to the soldiers in theit different
quarters. This, as Mr. Cobbett says, is doing things
sso they should be. Citizens and Soldiers united in the'
beads of friendship ; no difference ; no Mutiny Act to
give them Separate interests ; all children of their
country ; all subjects equally esteemed by the Consti-
tution. The Officers, Merchants, and their Repre-
sentatives, the Cortes dined together ; no obnoxious
toasts; no recollecting symbols of despotism. The
first toast was that which the late Doke of Norfolk
the premier Pier of England, during the zenith of
Pitt's domination, and for which he vas degraded—
" The Sovereignty of the Nation." The second," The
naemorabk 13th of September." The Third, " The
wise and enlightened National Congress." The fourth,
" Our Coniticational King ;" besides," Our Brethren
beyond seas." " The Loyal Army of the Nation."
'"l'liose Portuguese who'd prefer death to slavery."
" The Cortes of Spain," with many other toasts
equally honourable to the friends of liberty, and
equally destructive to the hopes of the Ultras of
Barer. In the evening the King, Queen, and Royal
Family attended the Theatre—no Guards—nothing to
separate the King from his subjects—all peace--all
brotherly love, and particular marks of public at-
tachment were shewa to the Queen, who is considered
Liberal, or what Slop would call a Radical Princess.
In the order of the day issued by the King, he called
the Revolution "an astonishingly heroic work." He
tells the army their valour was not greater in defence
of their country against& foreign foe, than in the em-
ployment of that valour in the regeneration of their
country. This is acting like a King who wishes to
unite his interests with those of the people, and become
formidable only by the love of his subjects. Hear ye,
hear, ye wise men of Europe ; and you of the Holy
Alliance profit by the wisdom of King John.

Speculation in articles of the first necessity, is of
all others the most tempting. These being at all
times more or less in demand,. can be deposed of with
the pester 4teillty, urn', like the stocks, replaced as
a rile or fall may' dictate ; beside general merchandise
having a longer credit attached, is not so subject to
fluctuate. In the first class is CORN. As the staff
of life, it is most essential to trade. Wheat becomes
the regulating standard of all others, and of course
that article most liable to speculation. On the present
harvest opinions are various and contradictory ; and,
notwithstanding tl►e general harvest returns speak of
an average crop in quantity, there may be some rea-
sons to doubt the average value in quality. The
light grounds which bring the best grain were in
all probability most successful in housing, but the
heavy crops must have suffered a little by the uncer;
tainty of the weather, particularly the Oats sad awls
otl►er grain as remained late on the ground. The
present fine weather will make for the mountais oats
being generally raised in the beginning of this month.
Ambiguous forbodings create speculation which is not
unfrequently promoted by the Merchants desire to
raise Wheat to the maxituans of eighty ski/hags the
quarter, and tl e farmer to make a suitable return for
his labour; whereas the middle men or speculating
dealers, try to take advantage of the fluctuations that
a command of money may direct. The quantity of
grain used is mostly stationary, and the rise or fall
don't as much depend upon that, as upon the nature and
quantity at market. The extraordinary fluctuations
la the price of grain for the last 25 years have been
entirely owing to an enormous paper currency, whose
reduced value enhanced the price of all goods, more
particularly the article in question, and the unfair
mode of selling It by sample. The &fee of this nuns-
tural currency was destructive in most.cases, and more
particularly in country towns, where little shop-keepers
and dealers turned linkers, issued their own notes,
which had a partial circulation about their neighbour-
hoods. and made monopoly the order of the day.
Farmers, by the facility of discounting their own notes
with these note-makers, sent their corn to market as they
pleased, and kept it up at fictitious prices, of which
the Land-owners tack advantage ; and as Leases
doubled, yea, i■ many instances, trebled the rents,
when these petty bankers were run on for the multi-
plicity of their issues, it was found, in a variety of
cases, there were few who could pay 4s. 6J. in the
pound. This description of paper lost its value, the
head rag-shop curtailed its voluminous cargoes of
paper to the bankers, and, at last, the small notes were
forced out of circulation, by a resumption of cash
payments, and articles of the first necessity arrived at
thelurisultive level. Nor can they ever return to
those !Maw that such an inundation of paper created,
unless there is a total failure of alt grain whatsoever.
Your Agricultaral Committees, either do nut or • will

not know time law sad she lamer of smell Commune's
is time thrown away. No doubt they try► all they can to
