THE STA'

lief.... Of flllf liberties. Vim pliant (Mserebestee)
Ti.... hews hobnail their heeds is the bleed el
their fellow.eisisess ; mid ih.y say sew eaclabe,
hk. Lady Macbeth, " ON. deste'd spec 1" .r add,
le the weeds el bee ceessiesar.striekee lard,

•• was on pass Nryposeer woo wash tins Meal
Clow bow is hawk! It.: rhew oar heads will rosier
The mollitoltsaus woe lecontoOse,
II!show the veer wee rod.*
hair " alms Griot" led-re t
" --- it U. 5... t
It both Ow rhea eldest carer aro I.
a granges wader.
........—Harriteg thee, my friends, stolid my mon.
owan, I shall sow make way for any of time be.
side toe, who may wish to eddies, y..; Itemise that
yeeo will give ea Impartial heeds; lo 411. A melee
it Reeeletioes he. Mee prepared. Bed will be We-
IOW! to yes. If yes approve of them yes will
My so tlfes t. yes sill reject the.. Oise Meg
Oar% before I enwelede. Allow we to petal est to
ye's, that altboogh we were to telltale our wished for
Mews, It wand set at ogee remove ell sir die-
tresses. Net wee weends arm toe deep to be Monti
is so illettit SOW- ail the effects et it wield be-
' gla Inseetillilett le Whit. Ecosemy would pervade
leery dopitemeet.grthe State; the lases +mild be
dlnehashed ; the *Mord restrictions with which com.
morn is Merril woold he dose *lvey ; con/deice
bstweve fits People sod their Rulers wield be re-
Meted t hope wand 6 sprigs triempbaot ea netting
slug e sad Britain wield secs mere smile, a laud
Si liberty and peace."
This speech was boiled threeghoet with lima cheer.
leg. The teseledens (Ise Advertisement) were thew
tweed by two owishets of the Committee—Mr.
amok,. sod Mr. Mathew, we believe—the ose after
the «bet :.q4 qtried goaolmossly. The latredec.
tory address of the Preses had a fir estimated the
It
iii&reett kcepchge the rettaisitiotokat littlewf our
,"11" .110.0311§4 wird; but soots of the stria.
rr—Plakis%*lllo* diek sig tutu—fateared the Meet.
1 with their elision.
A 'paws from Arbroath greed the menially of
odes moon all Reformers. The investigation of
*alb geoid sever be the geese of wow either is opt.
ekes.. mewled ; and so *AI could result from am.'
&limo is which k was the object okisf every sae to
moist his osighboor is ',piglets coestitutionel
rights. He =dented to the boasted (regality of
the Scots; 1111.11 said that that native principle OM
sow set at dehisce, as the ;absent had an hie
moos wasted by the estramsoce of Goverumest.
• rotors to the lath ptinciples of the Coustite.
des, by a Radical Reform in the Repreesetatims
it the people, he described es the reedy moms by
shish the cottony amid be saved free • revolutios.
The refection et the laws sod the security of pm.
poesy wen the right at every man ; bet eider a bed
areventerest this Gould not be obtaised. Wit
soheet
this, however, there emeld be no happiness ; des
the iostitetions of law and simulated were etliginelly 1
kneaded for the good of the people, by whom Owl
espsoois of Goverameot are bores, they ought to be
the ilitient law-makers. and set the sieves of a no.
Ideal represeglatiso. clerked in aunty lostances of
She protean*, of the laws which they are said to assist
he making.
Another penis from Arbroath alluded to the sal.
mry of the cottony, as eshibited is the tereideek
hovels which many of the poor warts obliged to
ammo for dwelliegs, sad the privations which they
geseraily suffered. Their Petitions had been reject.
ad, mod their sufferings Ignited, by the Berreggb.l
smrogers. He also alluded to the bisechosior stele
&dewed death to be preferable to slavery ; showed
Me jostles of Asses* Parliaments end thinnest
Soilage ; and gave it as his convict's that go Be.
fete short of this could save the cogetry.
A po m ses fret Gismo'', le propped 's thee Tbfiebt
of the bleetiog to the Omegans*, 'peke of the sewn
mid =slice with which the people, end their Mende
limiters, bad bees assailed by the sopperters of the
pima system. Tel they had no other motive Bees
their soestry's good ; and this they had steadfastly
followed, without the smallest assistants frost those
who, by their sheation in life, their edecatien, and
their iolleence, possessed the meant of serving the
goestry for more eliciently. Alledie4 to tbe wish
of ilea Modena, Mermen to limit the elective free-
s:his. to householders, horrid, that epee no principle
of justice would It be fair to erects& thee. young meg
who, from Ch
ace,si 4i.y, err
`we Om sinews of the state
Is time of pe mad likely be the lint who, en
the approach of a foreign foe. week' staid forth Wks
dehisce. Ile also recommended eessimity sod per.
Ilevoranco ; and mid that tias was no time for disguise;
bet that every man should stood forth earl declare
his tree prieciples.—Adverting to the abetmente
of the Radicals free vaciemble commodities, be
paid the, oner.hOoret reform bed bees occomplisbed
IN he Westri.tbeidpption of that messere. Whig
4
the peopli eyitibbtereed virtuosi, they would he
oed citisiSk,' th OnSitte worth walla be emirsocied,
ttid their ea wield descend as so isheritance
to their childi . Instances of inebriety were become-
log daily less (request Is the western pertil of Seat.
land ; the peek', IMO broorniog psalm's of times ;
sod ern this.there could be se hippie's, seder
eny form of Goversestate-ats was abeedastly eel-
dent frees history.
The Thinks et the blestioy wore voted with greet
enthesiame to their respected Prnes.—ln Mundell
his ark•••1•41•••ts Mr Ktet.ocs promised to be
▪ st,4ligrost, irihera s country required a 4.•
feeder, or nr•lesipl.e , lend. " Bet where (he
cattail:sect) ire al) 4.. '' y RespeetaNn J. Why
have awl!' rail.. „ • Ilest yes on this leg.
portant occasion ? t .., see so occupied to
i
tbe person .1 the . ~..0.7. f "Beroggh Reform,—
which they Intl not • 7 thst . hey sea milli! to
the far greater impetus , .if Rs I Reform is Par.
Himont; compared to lA, I ' petty Berogyb
Referee is as a mole hill to e asiatealo.—(Skids of
owleasse.)-1 hive we objetqfies to thrush Rt.
form. It alight olydribtsdly to be panted. Bet,
is the mean tine, it Wets as a Ish to the wbale ;
cud I estuary lo wry, deprives yea of the valuable
Maistesce of many Of your ablest fellow.ciiitons."
About half.past one, Mr. Ktesocu stepped for-
ward and again reseateaded to the people to die-
pens* quietly and orderly, that their 'amigo sight
have no cassis to revile thee. Ths advice was ie.
illicitly obeyed. The workmen evils rallied caw
their loaner% turd marched home in the us, order
is Which they case; sad li tea missing a. vestige

~.

.f the Wet/ft was visible ett lb. Onew, incept the
males el the kstinn sod a few Idle I
As Meal esenevatlow of the people, = they
paned to the amend donnish two sorrow defiles,
p“ a melt of opined. of seven thousand; keeled:
lei, of seem, • nesiderable ember of ..... aid
shildres, and of peones attracted by curiosity, or
the We of " fee."
A eelloetios for the blasebaster Bearers was
made et the paste of senesce • and thooph cossist-
log chiely of copper, it asseitod to ahem slams
pees& A sobseritolos on a brier sale is else
opened; to which Mr. Moloch has esettibetod tea
seines.
The perterbatios whisk the pad. Prevost Ander-
no betrayed on the first eneeneemest of a Radial
Mestiog its Dentin, had sobered dom to a my so.
dents pm:settee. The Sheriff did sot Issas For.
far •i the soldiers moaned la their barracks; the
svostablee, shoot thirty.ds at a ties, whiled steer
their three watches ems sins till ntldeight) is the
Tows-hell ; aid lon before the end of the lest
watch, the town was honed into a state et still and
dark security, witch slight one ban Welled to
amber the ner.trakdel elsinese, if gly. Lord
Sidseeth. ' . .

FORSION MEWS..

•
There I. *Milo( potticolsrly ',twee's* la the
foreign Jears•ls. Tho oxpettod cheap al French
Ministers is the chief aide's la the Frolic% Papas.
Tito Kim', ahass health Is said to bass Isproood,
does sot. like some Sovereigns, kohl epos (*Wain
say Mishit's is oihtm ageism this alit sad 'stoma of
the militia; for which noses •n Ws may Imo moot.
mined of his trsoquil reign. whoever sodden grits
of political °pieties may rise from dmo to dom.—
Ftmselt Foods, 69 f. 95 c.

- -
I,K ICK OE STOCKS THIS DAY AT OEM. O'CLOGA
Bask !Pack 110 I Spat OW. Nair 10:10
3 per Cast. Rat. OM lm/is Boob 7 1 p.
3 per Cest.Corm ini I.ssi Ass DO
A 0.16
per CM. 730 Isdporm mug i s db.
4 per Cent. SIM Osmium
Cowl* far ACC. VIC

N.

that .
cations

OW
sot
the .
eee►y

no a 'Ganges sallow, whisk has beggared itorl
to sate eo many others from raise so hard pushed,
sad not offer it a few of our brutalise's, to oppose
their &estimated subjects ? Such, we fear, Is the
moaner they will restos, and endeavour to make
sommen cause with Groat Britsia, la the gement
coefedereties of power, against the priociplos
betty and free discussion by the Plass.
We any depend upon it there is a latent object in
this straits proceeding ; for wo could as soon belief*
that it was Weeded to tele the balls from the church
steeples sod public !realm's—the one eves hem tlin
Coumos of Physician , is aratr(ck•(ertr, std roll
them dew• Pall Mall and Palsco.yard, es that Is
most lolamed Reformer torrid drink of. sttarking the
system of Goveresseat with erray Cannon ! Oh, sari.
tons, hoe base we lanes I haw ore we still fatting I
Mot a word of commiseratioa is tittered by
ler the seferiegs of Ben's! saleable part of theses.
mewity—sot a Riot at economy or rot rencirmaatt all le
comeirre end &lige" Mary are eager to ask whet-
ell Ibis will red In. We two, welt amough ; bet st
wawa

a little merle is imposed epee es. Pie
=•.-- •
Seastry ever' MI by similar causes althea saey
of its patriot, anticipating the event : bet poet: and
*funky latersreven, create a loft of imitvitsbl•
II EATS, that it is pathetic bet unavailing te resist.

TN Report of the Berkhhire Mewling will, we
ere pomaded, be read by every British Patriot with
peculiar Merest. Sr FRANCIS Rut:DINT (slit Italy
Wesemiaster's pride sod Ei.elsorl's hope) is still the
Nee rellecting sod 'mists champloo of the people's
rights. Ile has by MRS sus, perhaps, bem thought
to appear too desuraatlc to be steam, for indeed it
M a rarity to lad a was se qualified to play the lurid
Grimm! is plot of (sleet, foresee, and inhume,
and act the pert of ultimate and Mead to the lowest
orders of the empire. Hear what balm he 'ode..
emu to prier late the of she allicied, insetted
man without mess. Is speaking of the right of
lie pimple meeting to Wiliam for a removal of guise.
sues, which thellianmense klaetirrak.• *mold
',retook:ally divot* sod easel: he pathetically
ism " The right of Petkins is ell-important : it is
the only right whisk the public at large esjsy : Cor.
perste Bodies, end moo is the higher sod middle
ranks of life, have various mesas of upcoming their
opialeos; bet the people at Inge ham bet is. we,
of doles It. TM right is like Me poor mon's limb;
and these who wield take this away fres hie, and
woad set seam* say thing from their son rick
dlecks, sight, if they hued to 000tion such
otdid, to look to thesoelves
call, not an unfriendly yet .
the smithy to mine forward
is es we hue said, not a hostile,
mil. 'rhos* who are dust to $
MOW Must It beemeferward
I'M et prephorkiity as pathatically
isms* a hope that is the
grind fist arproocking, be,
to de his duty lo every sitiratioo,
thus ti“ every Rogllthesse
maiming me his genus—i"
111011ist 11/a."
TM eloctnity if this duets
reesched every mobile step of
-NOM sod Semler for twenty
We is: sod odd elm, that if
ilsitlses, porridge, or plekiew, its the time of an
artfully approaching crisis of a State, demoted to he
',spewed us a tablet of lints ied ailed es rho walls
of its fume, these are the words &settle( the disii
thsgeished, the honourable record. Whoa the
speaker is no more, they will (*esthete his best sod
most glorious public taretement.

We have teeeived Philadelphia Papers to the
17th alt.
[nom sus rasimaa's JOURNAL or VIZ ltril
By II MIA tree ltarpdta we hare, that thee
plies was is a state of anarchy aid tested**. Oise
of the Acne else west ashore tree the William
bad his heed est eff sod placed between his str ;
the Issas is est aseertalsed. The Wanes carried
eilitary edvesteren free Liverpool is Margarita ;
Deese et thee (14 is seaber)qaltted the place is
Ora, esd bees arrived Is the vessel. All the
Willies's stair, newt three, left the vessel at Nerd
prin. sod she was canted late St. Asslsets's by the
assistasee

wolves i 1 Here It a 4
Isperlooe tall, epos
awl Illweiletely. It •
bat Is iS o pewerfet
r It sew, may perirepri
for rho Worthy 611111‘
Itally apostrilfrall
DAVI jf Pillllsl.,lllfrith
It slsoold hate fortitede
Wm, and that he shoald •
ao opposteally of el/
Hs AT Lean WAS Ai
Aerations we (who lota
11111414 ml eariserpled
sty years) do folly moo. •
I oar worth metes by b.

mums= at the military Aeon.
[MOM 1711 /111111A1111 SOVILWAL 01 Tai 1514 .......
We hate sees letters fres Madrid, which state,' ..
that Der Minister, Mr. Foams, la his coessasi.e.
codes, with that Court an the *abject of the Florida
Treaty, had samosa an attitude of the melt flitter..
toes character. It Is rebate that his dispatches ettl-• '
set be poblisied said the meeting of Cowes,. Is
the seas time, the President has fell power to ask* •
ever/ arrangement is meet say (store "oestiogeocr • •
which may be 'spotted to grow'oot idte rejective
of the Trusty by the Spanish Commune.
Coogrese is is meet ea the last Moods/ is Dr
comber.
66 foam 01 URAL'S", NSW You, Oct. Ii.—
The Beard of Health hats set recaketi • brit er
bay sew case of wisligoset fiver this day."
Deaths at Baltimore ea lito nth of NNW :—II,
testa whit% by.staligsast Wet. ..
At Chatlestoo, for the week gnaw 6th lista*
then *ere 23 deaths, 1% el gebieb by )sito. ism ..,,
•
*A .-.. • •
itair__ .
. . ~
.1.
•
. . ~
