THE , STATESMAN

llMEnns--e.
again with 011edee in a language not kaswn to the other
anthers. Stispectinc that there was something of onii•
nous, import in what was ctid, the landlord gave directi•m-
that her proceedings should be wa•cheti. She went oat,
and was observed to go to the r-tumnn field where the
prosecutor had been robhed. and bring joined by a strange
nom. both sere Peen searching the grass and hedges, as it
looking for sumerhinz that had been concealed. Perceive
ill; that they were %satchel!, they immediatelL.parted COMrward'
paseroodsweirt different teats: "Tr` enamerlTtie afte
a person,- who bad been sent to search the grass, at the,
spa etiens ilig folibery.litad been ridlected. fooled the'pro-
snatial-Wech covered over with some tufts, mad tied up
-ite'peri of an old silk bandkerelliff. When the prisoners
letorY•bronglit down next morale% from the room where
ihek.had been confined, the poker of the sap room tire.was a
' ,
misstep, and they, were heard; to arkarkech other w
hint
hat ,
had become of the poker.. A person persent took the
from this, and fmusediately wrot tn. the spot where the
proscotor was robbed. anal Arithio 70 verde 0111 found
the poker whieh had been miring... After the prisoners
Na 4 beet cosiffittett hit tritil. Mr. Kenrick, the magistrate.
inggested that their rbo.-s should be compared with the
footleittilteebsetved at .the scot Where the robbery took
plaie:'..llll4 *eel• dell', prisoner Williams were found
'seedy to correspond with some of .the prints ; nothing
etoolillehtlisfietorily nacertuilsed bythis test with respect
to.llie other piiediere. This Was tbe case for the pro-
s►elision. • • • It.'
. The primmer Meath said in Lis deftnee, that the money
Hired noon him Iris part of his Feelers by bar.l labour,
in his IlidSter'i service, at Gill's Pond. in Middlesex. -t)e
the Illy in qeestion be bad been to see his parents at
Measibam. in Surrey, and had gone to Betchworth Fair,
hut solemnly denied any knowledge orate robbers ; he did
not think the matter so serious as itturned out, or he would
have bat wit .
jibe' prisoner Williams said he lived at Maidstone. Kent.
and hate gone down to look for cork in Slurry. but knew
nothing of the tolihery. The money found ovate him was
issr of his hoorst earnings.—The prisoner Oiled', spoke
nearly ttf the thinie effect. No witnesses were called to
any of the flies *4 which they rested their defence, air
yet to their-character; .. ,
The !corselet Jedgi then summed op the evidence, aid.
the Jury. tette' ii short deliberation, returned a verdict
of Monty against them all, bet recommended thereto mercy
oe. the ground that they bad not used violence towards the
proercutor.
Mt. Justine PARK gold, that .lie tvonl4 transmit their
recionmendation to thel Clown. Nut he should be Wand to
trete • to his Sovereign tits the ground of their reconstnen•
detioo was tauten... It 'Mal in evidence that considerable
viOteetest had Won via to tise.itrosecurne.
The Forensanofthe Jtiry -.:lVe know hat his nose bled ~
hut that !night easily happen in the. ern& which ensued,
It arse elear that the pnsoners might have used greater,
violence had they bees so inclined; and it ass on anti
odepoetthat the Jail recoinmeneed them to mercy.
*Mr. Attv-Pane Then read a paper to the Jury. froi
which it appeared that (Wedge had been cementite.' there
times svittuie the lief four yearsfoi felony ;that on two ofa
those oteattiosse be • had been convicted, imprisoned.
and whtp; ed in the ronnty gaol of Surrey; and that on the
third of them he had"birirellielsetged lit proclamation. is
consequence of nobody...appearing against him. it like.
wit. sppegred that Meem lad been taken ep at blestlos
on suspicion of. Hopi. but haul afterwards been scqnittelt
the joetrAldr4" km. He was not aware ot thee
e byretev.tati she bad gemmed ep the evidence ; am*
if be ?tad.; meaki it have altered one word which he had
said es Os .00taaloa. He only oseutieeed the facts tit
ahem them bow much the padgment was apt to be to ewe
wraiiir,esiseu it alinvesdiestd to be Ind sway by feelings. sit
Serer sod oempamittleo • d " '
Wks Jury mode oo tee* *die observatioei of Hie.
Lereteed Jed • • - ''' ' '"-
Mr. Juseice.ralres then attineotit 'the prireaere. sad ISM
ge.• i
Oared theft they ,hold see that it was his intention to
tressit tbe reetimtneadadon 'atlas Jury te the Cecelia. by
Lae sinner lo Which he should pato 'septettes epos them.
le...wsittitt, however. advise twit, of them (sapposing Vteir
lives to be 'pored) to make op their minds to lean this
country for ever. He should new -order the
ce recorded
of
death tut die reeetded aglialklimllla lienteo
ateerdingly. •
___:___•..,-.•
. ,
Iv4PiT •• • •
. • '
Cieda..—The eiptemeof '.' ' deices' sloe of the Island ef
Cello, which we yesterday .es recited hoot tag bu'orfole (Vic 1
Olo) Iferatet.'.hough riot correct. is said in letter. frosts the
• Ifevasneb of the late elt..whichandred yesterday, to have had
a better foundation theri alights be imp.
d. letet appearseere that
unfit a pfiiabsdreelly. been formed by Ferdiesad enable e
advaser*. before his dipertere from Madrid, and that eras',
wedhearies had in conseqoenca been sent to Cube, to.saanit the
elisploolttott of time lobsbitants on the subject. Soon aftor their
arrival et He rinnah,the report was snowed to.get into eireelow,
tiosimitboot anyatterapt oh the part of the authorities to contra.
dice IC that bi,"ort arrangement between the two Liouermititsc.
a Isiah had party reselied' minority, Cuba was
and to be coed ..bye
Sp& to Rance.` Thep riecipal merchants plaaters•fi
the islitid disposed not dirpo at Gist to treat this accoont •
with. sox-attention.; ...but finding it daily.becoute more
our.
rent, and no notice Oren of the tenon by the tiorermer.
they at length took the alarm, spd had several meetings to
determine. on the course it came it became them to pursue.
ID Order.to avert a atessore ,most Ohnosiotrs to them. aod
Wilk klbey coitlikr.e4 roost impolitic and fatal in its mo-
stierper, . in tit 'towel, they determined therefore on pre,
gotring a terminal tq fit:dimmed against 'the cession, and
deputed. tic' • of '.
dm, pyletpal merchants to be ••ahe
hearers of it to hire."ltt $ll5 memorial, they declared-
their willingness to reepein•ao appendage to Spain. what
'ref the form of Government that might he establithed in
that country. Tiny Lad* Government of their own wiht
sebOti.they were satisfied, audelid not wish to identify them.
aelske:wlth soy conflict for the improvement of the system
in the Mother conntry; lust they deprecated lathe strongest
amo'neist unequivocal manse* any attempt to transfer the
posissintiof Cuba to any other Power, .and were determined
ebotold their remonstrances against it be uoregarded, to
•• &elite end to eitobliili the independence of the Islanti.t!.
Tide .141 Was Cerifided to she Commissioners op:
vai •e that purpose. who sailed from •Havirnnala ow
aitgo
the ovotabg., on board his Britannic blejesty's ship
yrie; thigh areired at Fortsmooth *boat tea , days ago,
Thei left llnglind forjkladrid on.Seterday fast, to.preselet•
•
the feletnetlat to the Ip.aoish floveinment.
ka.--fly a letter dated, kkeneesta. pct. 22i'
titte,b
width TO been pnblisbed io the Glasgow Courier, it pp.
- rah that' a considerable sensation load been excited Ia
that' colony, from the revolt of Joe, (the matt who gave the
informidoo elf
the ) having been poisoned with
'arsenic As attempt also, tt was believed, bad been made
t.
to poison a dinner for the militia guard; and these tended i
to keep. up an excitement which had been dying away, and
to prolong the exercise of martial law.
,
Tatteloars.—The Courier of ,last night seeds, that by
the iward Island Mail, which had arriced in tbe I
morane
d.
ii
ye ' ;darns! eg tSioi nt • bad been iireiveo kepi the sia n,
et' *did, wliffe it appears mime 4Wtorbonces bad taken
plate ; Aid that apprehensions Were entertained. ths.t on
the ivies! of As Ilbriatioas . Holidays something more
swims would occor. ' ,As . this statement, however is i
the
tot '
' cestehned from *by Giber.. quarter, it is to -be hoped
net:Note ere e acgerated. The iotelligence.from the other'
Wood* roe le, brought
,by tide conveyance, slaws km
di' aof, ' ot, il from ',reflects accounts might have been
yd. Most of the Legislatures werc•in session,
I • b dlectleelosi or notice taken of thotteeent corm.
frost Illoglsod,,on theid6ject of showy.
• sillart.7-Thi.olmte of Avegibly of toikago.,.applie.i,
tin* Oetohor.
_was thirstier, lot a complete copg
o-002116 Illiesiteb, .0i lets more fall comment.

M.

•

i

77- 7--

.;:..

ration of those passages ,in .it_regarding slivery,:
!Stier part of this request is reted in the proceedings
to have been Com§lied a ith oti tilt 18th; but the commu-
nication fronitlie illovqrnor is not copied into the Jourools.
It ilrettarkable, inslemi, that none of them, throughout,
dm wharioxief. the- %bind& have yet done more than
giviveryantagrit quotation& from this important document.
which hes lema to' to midi 'irritation in the principal;
colony, Jamolea, os to prodnee a memorial to the Ring,
to remove Lord Bathurst from his Councils. The
Legislature .of Tobago, it appears, has acted mow tem-
perable than some of the Colonies, and has passed a hit-
' for melioratiag the state of the Slaves in the spirit 'email
mended by the British Oovernmxnt,—They have abolished
the Sunday inarlcens, and allowed Thursday each ttsek, out
of crop, to the slaves to cultivate their grounds, slid bold
their markets. They have made the testimony of
two negroes of character evidence against their masters.—
Negroes 'reused of capital crimes to be tried by the same
Court as free men, and liable to similar plinisimmints. Fm!r
lesser crimes, the pntmislonent not to exceed twenty 'stripes,
in any ease, by the master; nor above twelve, unless in time
presence of one other white person than time master ;
personal property of Slaves to remain secured to them; ex-
penses of prosecution against offepdrra to be borne by the
Colony.
BannaDoes.—Tlme Bartadoes Globe of the 23d• of Oct.
states, that the late existing dmfferences between the two
branches of the Legislature had been happily tettnin ited
by mutual communications from each bratmelt at a meeting
held for that purpose, when every thing was honourably
arranged for both. This ri.a meiliation is said in the private I
letters to have been brought about by time nimittial sense of
danger arising front the proceedings in England. The
free people of colour in Parlmadoes had presented to the
Honse of Assembly, by a Committee of their body, an
Address 'replete with assurances of attachment to their
native Weed, and to its institutions, and of their readiness
to aisles in opposing, to the best of their abilities, any. in-
novation in the present form of the internal regulations
which may be productive of consequences injurious to the
interest of the colony. No further notice is taken of the
destreetion of the chapel 'of Mr. Shresisbury, the mission-
ary; and as no •person had been apprehended for peed.;
cipating in that outrage, it would appear that the daring
conduct (tribe offenders had had the rtfett in some degree
of screening them from detection and punishment. • ,
Tb's following extenordinary ppm hare been traaantit',l
ted from Barbadoeh as having fen published there;-•...
1 ORIAT AND SIGNAL TRIUMPH OVER MIIIII.,DISAI,. AND THE
TOTL DIsTRUCTION OF TIIC CIIAPEL:::
1 A • " Mahe toes, liriilKetonn. Tuesday Oct 21. 1823.
" The inhabitants nf this IslAni are reeptctfoliv inform-
-1
ed, that in consequence of the unmerited sod unprovoked
attacks which hare ripe st-dly been mid • upon the row
ninnity by the Methodist Missionaries (othertelse known'
as agents to the villaioous African Soeiety) a party of
reaper+ able gentlemen formed the resolution imf closing the
Metlindiat concern altogether. With this view, they cour
merino/ Breit laboars on Sunday evening, and they have
the greatrat satisfarion in annootwing, that, by twelve
o'clock lent night, they effected the ". total dretrectioo of
the Chapel "
" To this information, they have to add, that the Mission-
ary ma•le his escape yesterday afternoon in a small vessel
for St. Vi it ; *her- by avoiding that expression of the 1
poklio feeling towards him, personally, which he bad so;
richly deserved.
"It is hoped that this information will be circulated
thvangbont the dirrent Islands and Colonies. All persons
who Arossider themselves true lovets of religion will follow
the landahle example of the '• Barbamliano," is putting atm
end to Methodism and ilithodist Chapels throughout the
West Indies."
a lIIIIDIFTOWit, PARRADOIS. •
.. . . f •' • • :0' l'if tired ay, • Oct. 21. 1923.
a Whereas a pyogigiossion baying appeared in The Bar
Wira)Newspaper of yesterday, issued by onto of W.,
Riwelbrney the Ontretner, offering a Reward of ,One
Huotiremi Poona, for the embeieelee of any person or
person. concerned in the said to be riotous-proceeding, of ,
the leth and Irtk larva ; Public!, notice is hereby gieeej
to such perion or persons who may feel inclined, either 1
from pecuniary, temptivion or yin lietilte feeling, that
shauld• they attempt to came forward to injure in Int
shoo, • anTinelividaal, they shall receive-that peel:het/ost
which their crimes will Justly deserve. They are to ,
noderstond that. to impeach' is not to convict, and that'
the retard will only he given noon coneicthie, which
cannot be effected whilst the people are firm to themselves.
" And whereas it may ep;rear to those persons who are
uoseqnainted wilt the circumstanres.which oceasioned the
said Prociamation, that the demolition of the Chapel was
effeleml by the rabble of this community, in order to
create anarchy. riot. an 1 insubordination, to trample upon
of
the laws the country, and to subvert rood order ; —it is
considered an imperative duty to repel the charge, am) to
state--Firstly, that the majority of the persons assembled
were of the Orel resaralability, and were stippartemf by the I
cancurreiter of Ow-tenths of the 'community—Secuatily. i
That their in tivea were patriotic and loyal —n amide. tom
,eradieitte Irony. tis soil the germ of 31rthodis.n, which
was Ipteadireg its baneful influence over a certsia class,
and which ultimately would have injured both. Chinch
state. With this rifle this. Ch tpel was demolished, *Ott*
villaioons preacher who headed it and brliemt Sr, was
rompelled, by a speedy flight, 16 remove himself (rem the
island.
" With a fixed determination, therefore, to put an end
to Methodism is this Island, all Meth° list Preachers are
warned not to approach these shores, as, if they do, it still
be at their own peril.-o,ld save the King, and the
People."
.. • • ... sigati . •
FRENCH PAPERS OF S.).TURDAY AND SUN

The only articles wf iinportAto e are the following, from
e 6toile. That relative to the Commandant 'of Cuba
will be observed with interest. in consequence of its con-
nection with what has been stated abrve:
BasoNsa.then.lS.—A whet' change is ulready spokru.of
among the Spanish hllniste.s. It is affirmed that at one
of the lest councils which have been held, the King mani-
fested his satisfaction with one of them. • • • .....
Minato, Dec. I ti.--Despatches have tegentry hien stet
tali I Vivre. the Commandant of Coha, which confirm
in their rank all tie officers under his orders. and promises
him nobility.,.,- • • .
• Fowles rumellf, 27.—. Five per Cents opened at 91.
90., closed at 91.93. Poe the end of the month, opened at
yl. 9p., rose to 92., and closed at 91., 95. ; Neapolitan,;;;;
Spanish, 271; Loan, MI,

•It is, we believe. pretty generally admitted that his
present Majesty is a•zealons and munificent Patron of the
Fine Mts. One of his favourite projects is, we have
understood, to establish a grand National Depository in
this country for the noblest productions of human art that
money can !imam on a plan somewhat similar to that of
the Cowen% at Paris. It is with the highest satisfaction
that welter*" it in Oar poWer to announce (which we (10
on;the best possible antholity), that the entire collection of
Pictures of the late joint Julius Angerstrin, E.q. were
purchasedave r
(ofoi coursell o oey4latteodf e
ill
II his . eoxfechtitsto 16siai be:,
Majesty) for.
the ouuntry ; and this splendid collection will, we are
informed, heinade the foundation of a National tiallery of
the Old Masters. The pircliase money ',stated to have been
only a little short of 60,0001. Some idea may be fortaird
of the value Of these paintings from the fact that the sum
of 16,0001. has b.een repeatedly offered for one 41 them
The Iteiriet of Lexents,by Sebastian del Pi Gabe.— (L.eeda
intelligeneer). - '' •
.. . .
• •

7-111..._-..-----r-----
MAILS. ~. -
la ,
s.
fro ........ 0 0. ••• Asa& ....... 0
R .... sterfool.. • ..0 . . I. • . MOW* ........ 0
o\4. .0 Jersey. •.. I 41. • nee...11114 ........ 1
;,.......L1ab00.........0- . . 4....../1..d.,.. ..... ..0
. o....Oottenberg ....3 ' " 0.;-.....
,
PRICE QV STOCKS TIII3 DAY AT.-.0)1E CICLOCK.
Rank Stock.... ~... 420 Inilla Stock ..............
3 per Ct. Red '' • • Skit Ditto Ronde ..• . ..... ..411
3 p.Ct•Cons
Se per Cent
1. per Cents Es.ll4ll.2ds t 51 50 55 pm.
9Ri 100 IN. S
moil -,.,.7--5001.... 51 50 53 pro.
Neer Fours ................ ----Small .bt 60 3.7 n pm
Long Ann..." ..31 I Lottery T_i et. els... ........19.1.._194:
Imp. 3 per Ct . . .......... .. Coo. for Aoct . soi it

Vitt intateonunt.

TUESDAY EVES • DEC F,M BE It w, 1523.

---...--
Saoco Excitaxos, 12 o'CLoco.—Consols opened this
morning at S6l, and 900 Q after were done at S 7 for the
Account. We understand that in the early part of
yesterday, a Scotch Bank sold out 400,000, which was the
'muse of the depression in the market ; but after the above
sale was effected Consols rose spin. Some business has
been doing this morning—but to no ereat.amount. .
We have seen a private letter from Paris, of Saturday,
from a quarter that can be depended on, ulnas sta:es that,
te
it is in agitation again to hold a Congreit in the above ca-
pital; ',Spain and France have intimated, that they will se-
knowledge the independence of the SonthAmerican States.'
provided Spain receive from them a certain stun of money,
which will pat Ferdinand in a condition not to require a
loan.'llalarYiroposeJ, that if it should be the wish d
theiiparisit revolutimisti to.retire to South America, per.
tni-sion shall he granted to them by that tioeernment.
Foilsman FlND!.—Spanish Bonds opened at gnat, and went
up to a, "tint Some business doing. To-morrow being Settling
day for all POI eign Securities, most of the parties are buy
a lasting their accounts.
New Spaiiish. Wok to i—Old, 426ii—Colonthis. 50—Chilli
74—Itti NN I,,SS i l 0 I—Old Prussia, WI to I—New, 0 la,—
Payola. 41.
....—emmlima..—.
Louisiana Papers have arrived this soorning,• mid
Charleston Par re one day later than those previously
seceired f but they contain no news.
---amme.....--. •
That the inhabitants of the Colonies should evince say
anger or resentment at the interference of Bred Britain
in the treatment of their slaves, is not in the least surpri-
sing; but it is more than surprising that the Press of
I England should attach sack importance to the angeg
feelings of the Colonists neon this question. For ober
thirty years, the condition of the slaves has been made the
soasal-mhjees of emetments by the British Parliament;
sod every such proceeding has occasioned in the West
I indite that diecriptioo of violence% which the Journals of
London are no* treating both as novel, and as important.
The Colo • trusetiosously acknoselaiga a very great
I improve within these thirty )r.arb, is the monition
of •• : sod -dolt :!•,. implore- ..eat has estlaetan
1K: Is as their own ehesacter, comforts. and
ii..,r —inns* recoiled that every measure from'
which this arknowleihrest, mcliorstion of the Negro'
r
. oodition has promesied, nas violently opposed at tite
time by tite Colonists; aroLlitl nose evils of itaserrectino
and massacre, which they not app ar to apprehend, have'
for thirty years been almost siirmal.v foretold as the
inevitable ccuseqnences of the 'atomises mihichexperienest
has at length proved to have had th- most beseffehdr%
results. .„
Whatever dihpntes may arise upon minor points of effeete
fog negro emancipation, we must not forget this great oat:
line of the question. The coloured population of the colonies
exceed the white population as ten to one, and this majori•
ty, inelnding the lighter shades of colour, comprises all eke
activity, mach of the property, and more than hilt of that
intelligence. and rven learninr, of the colonies. The
question then is, whether these ten should be restored to
the rights of human beings, or whether they should he
perpetually compelled to work under every species of ill
usage and degradation, merely to fill the coffers,
an I to support the usurped privileges of a
sum* decimal of their own number. Whatever may be
said 'upon the subject, the question must at last resolve
itself to this; and it is a mockery of the human faculties to
suppose that reason or feeling can decide that ten human
beings with their children to perpetuity, are to be kept
under the yoke of slavery,merely to pamper the indulge**
and administer to the pride of a single individual, ,• ~
The abolitionists in England have always founded.tisir
measures upon the principle of not endangering them*,
of the colonists, and this is all that the colonists can reason-
ably expert. . .
The state of West India interests is truly deplorable.
but to impute the niffietillies of the pl interim my degree
to the agitation of the Slave Question in Parliament, ao•
pellet to ut to he even ridiculous. The West India islands
consist g Ily of inferior soils, and the lands are Of
difficult irrigation ; it is therefore impowoble Must• their
produce can compete in the market with the supplies of
sugar and coffee from the Brazils and the East Indies.
uot to mention the vast supplies that ere long may be or•
petted from eke rich lands of South America. Our
colonies are therefore almost valueless, and ere long they,
most go out of coltivetitin. At present they exist only by
the monopoly granted to them by time tan to the prejodico
of East India sugars, and vet the West India reaulati as
threaten •us with their efforts to attain intlepentlirst..
Were they independ nt,tbey would cease to exist instanter.
They have no one boon to give in exchange for tun
monopoly of any market in Europe, and C 9911 if reieved of
tate., th.y wools' be undersold iu every article otl product
by the American Continent.
That the negro condition requires the further attention
of the British Leaislature is evident, from the most recent'
and hest informed works of the Creoles themselves. We
allnde to the present state of Jamaiest. by Mr. Stewart, and
to a oink of the season, entitled .. The Tales. 0f Old Mr.
Jefferson." Ibis latter work relates scenes of revolting
barbarity cOntinitted in the Island of Jamaica within these
ten years. and if such transactions could so recently take
plate in the largest and molt ri.fin-mil of our Colonies,
what mast be the fate of the slaves in the inferior islands?
The Win poet says, " tell% qui pot-ut reruns corms:err
camas." IVe do not think the Colohists have as yet as •
quired this felicity, for it is evident to sound reason, that
their misfortunes amiss not, as they imagine, fro .0 say ap-
proach to negro eussocipatioa, but is a great asmasuie
from the ink t.ittritY of Acne labour to the labour of keem :n
.

MASQUERADE AC THE ARGYLL ROOMS.

Last night, this long expected entertainment took place;
an I though a great part of the Fs/titian able World was ab-
sent from town, and no small portion of the remainder was
occupied by the attractions of the Theatre and family par-
ties at this festive sesaon, the arrival of the usual motley
characters was incessant, front tho bogy the doors of thg
Argyll 110011.5 were opened, until after mid-
night. The rooms were beautifully decorated, an 4
superbly lighted. Several blinds of music were in atte.ld•
ance—the refreshments were of the best quality, and Jibe.
rally supplied—the %ripper was good, and the wines (fur.
Mihail by Mr. Chic Wright, of the Opera Colonade) were
tub as to call forth the approhation of the fastidious as
well as to enliven the spirits of the languid. All, is short,
that depended ttpno the managers of the fate, was done
in the best style ; and if there was not entertainment
to complete, it would have been the fault of the cony
pally, and not of the purveyors. Amongst the characters,
were the canal proportions of Quakers, Jews, Monk.,
magicians, Hussars, Turks, Greeks, Indians, Watchmen,
and Sailors, gentle Shepherds and hoydening Shepherd-
esses, Spanish Patriots and Banditti, well dressed Dandies
and undressed Danditettes, Peasants (male anti female)
of every country; a capital group of Highlanders correctly
clad in the beautiful and picturesque soatume of the Lana
of Cakes; an excelleet Welchman, several Yorkshisewen,
a rattling, jocund, witty, and eccentric Irishman with a
no less adtnitable Irishwoman, who sported " black and
bine" eves; besides a- plentifol number of Theatrical
char se'ers, versitay supported. Though the
Ladies formed a minority, there was some very
excellent dancing. The Highland party performed several
Scotch reels with spirit and seamy ; but the quadrille was
the favourite dance of the night. The principai company re*
I paired to the supper rooms at about half past one o'clock.
whence they returned to the ball rooms in about an hour, re•
sullied the merry deuce; and so kept it up this morning, that the
entertaioment pasted off with satisfaction and eclat.

M: au

13Nekso

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
—mop—
Hasa, December 29.—Wind W.S.W Arrived and remain
the Isabella. Istmay, from Quebec.—The outward bound re-
main as before, all well.
POSTSMOUTH, December 29.--Wind S.W.--Arrived the
Henry, Addington. from the Mediterraneau, under quarantiae.
—lt blew very heavy this morning about 3 o'clock, accompa-
nied with thunder and lightning. We have Lad squalls all day
from S.W., which continue.—The outward bound remain, all
well.
FALMOUTH, December 28.—Wind W.S.W.—No arrivals or
ceilings.
Cowes, liecember "o.—Wind S..—Sailed the
Hallett, having been supplied with an anchor and cable. Aaron.
ILTRACOMISS, December V.—The masts, sails. and rigging
of a schooner base been washed on shora atlas to
the East of this Port, and top gallant sa is e about to
marked " her
and Sons. sail seekers. Bristol."
MILCORD, December 27.—Put in here the Atlantic, Lapps*,
from Boston, in 21 days, for Londoo, all well ; also the Cla-
rence, Holmes, from Sierra Leone, sailed 11th of September,
leaky and abort of provisions.—The late Capt. Walker died oa
the IBM August.
LiventooL,December 214.--Arrived the Maria, --,
from Afriea • Richard, Hannah, from Dens ; Telegraph,
Berry, from New Orleans; Elizabeth Wilson. Rich, and Wm.
Priee, Hamilton, from Savannah; Milp, Woodberry, free
Charleston*, and Campion, Gallsiie. from Alirainichi.

levet om
sore .0
"whirls
%O.
~•1
sour
• just
?erred
Allests4
• • 04 •

• Oh i
boat,

ante
bbd ti
',mkt
It I
me lit
▪ *

The official correspondence between Admiral Owen and
the Authorities of Colombia respecting the attack of tile •
forts of Cartbagena upon the British sloop of war Comas
tiers bas been received in this couutry. The Goverment
of Colombia promptly disavowed the act, and made ample
provision for the relatives of the seamen killed on bow&
the English ship.
Letters received from Cephalonia to the 22nd smelt*,
that the Turks continued before Missolunghi, bombarding
the place with no prospect of their succeeding in its ere
doction. The Greeks were, hot supplied with provi-
duos by boats from the neighbooring islands.
Accounts, to understand, wee° received yesterday
morning from Admiral Lord Colville, at Co:k, which state
that the report of the loss of the Harlequin sloop of war
is without foundation; bet we regret to announce that
the Arab sloop, of IS guns, Captain Holmes, is the
;vessel that has been lost, with, it is feared, every seal
oP board.
The Eat Indio Coropaoy's ship Farquharson, left Boat-
bay for China, on the 9th of July, touched at Pompn the
&Id
Sailed from thence on the 31 of August, and was i
Straits of Sinespore. the 17th of August. The Warrea
Hastings and Vonsittiat proceeded loom Anjeer on the
voyage to China all well ; the former on the 23d, tell tie
latter on the 27th of August.
• The East India Company have determioed to raise two
aew regileents for immediate service, in order to repUce
the same number of the Kiser! troops ordered toms
from I odia.
. .
We nederstand there are
sentative Peers for Ireland, on the retirement of an Hoe-
, *arable Btronet front the olfice cif .Private Secretary to the
King, to make room for a mare db.:lent favourite. The
report current at the time was, that an addition to various
sinecures and the Embassy to Sweden, as rewards for long
and unwearied service., an English Peeraee was molested.
which was retnseJ. A compromise war, however, effected.
and as Irish Peerage was agreed on. The delay, we up-
' prebend, arises in consequence of the necessary coliseum
elation between Ministers and his Majesty's Represcotaie
at the Court of Stockhohn.—(Aloraing Citron)
,It woad seem by an article in the the Sete Fork
excite. that Mr. Monroe has yielded to the solicitatioas of
Ate (Hoots to stand a Can liilete for the Presidents' air
teatime tern of foil years.
Speoish ("corral Qeiroga visited Winchester ea
&edgy se'noight. accompanied yb Sir Thomas Dyer.
DISZADFUIIr Amoco r DT • TIMM—An Readmit,
attended with• nearly fa,al conseonences, was occasioned-
yesterday down, from the want of due c ,utiol in the It.wp-
era of some wild beasts belonging to M Ballard's collec•
Hon at Woolwich. One of the keepers, a yottog fellow .•
named Jas. Abbott. was cleansing the den of a tiger. jet
previous to the feeding time, when it Is the custom to
remove one of -the bars of the care. This was then
the case, and the unfortunate lad was in the act of toopiet
to take up a pail of water standing close to the cage, *hut
the tiger; Impatient for his praven ter, darted one of his
paws through the enlarged space, and seizing him by the
bead laid the 'tell entirely hare. The screams of his vie
dm, still held within the dreadful grasp, brought two other
beepers to his assistanre. wit.; succeeded in liberatieg him.
•but not before his face and hands in the endeavour tees.
rape, were lacerated in every direction and cove
the suffered with
gore. A chaise was immediately obtained,and rer
conveyed to Day's Hospital. where the scalp was restored
to its place. and his other *stands dressed, and where he
remains in a pitiable state.
Twc Aries.—The Army Medical department has recmn-
mended the following Bent!, men, vise.: C.,lifl Allan, %P.
to be sppointesi surgeon ; and John I)etttrck, Esq. W be
appointed assistant surgeon to the 94th : and John 1104-
son, M.D. to be surgeon, and D,lni,l )oars,gsq. to he
assistant stereo'' to the 95th (now raising) regiments a
infantry. The 24 division of the 734 regiment of foot is,
ordered to embark this day, at Portpatrick, on he eet.
to Ireland. The 85th (Commie lit Ringers) frgitnent of
infantry. now stationed at Ctatlcbar, 1./111,H it understoodhs
.
on the arrival of the 73d regim'ut at OM vation.
trilered to march to Naas, to replace the 31st (titintior
'Wilshire) 'regiment of foot, which is under. .srdsrs to
replace the Mb regiment
fahtry in
arrivedDuin Tatar
retinal yfr
77:12
Midairtei) rielmeat of in
tardily, on Ile *rtaittelot entliarkatien fur Jumaisa.
•

• Sil
ms

of N
thft
ban
w►k

t.:t
~~
i~

i~

■

F

'S.

t

_.",ro.iiil

...10211finoirtrrriWaVirrts.-
ramiti
- •,., t 1 1..1 '
4t
• (Mow letter sepeered In the Courier . . y,
#
T.- .
4 7.-11%• 0 lilsnituiftlesa B.
0",..,,,.rf teg it right that the public should be made se-
pitt
'1 . .k.alaf.--- tithe handsome donation of Sir William Curtis,
•dt!. ;le his way to Naples) towards relieving,tbe, wants
•P"'"*.i Bparaish Constitutionalists who were obliged to tale
_,
..kie the garrison.
errsderiTh attoto, who waited upon Sir William, wore col only 1
to thti most handsome end gentlemanlike manlier. btu
by receiving se (otter upon his banking hetes.
tw. d pounds, which will completely relieve the
Tsa.
. am' who otherwise must have sunk under their mis•
bleilisil.wae.trissnd and odd dollars were all that could he raised
and that suns was found inadequate to the
broiliPitio tb,Ptrer.ektg hundreds, who were absolutely withuut
am; er clothes.
.4' - I have the honour to be, Sir,
' - Year very obedient and fait
8. hful servant,
A : . .• . ' WSI.RANGESTON.
se tibaleedog to promote a Snbscriptinn in aid of the
astablialtiog for the unfor• invite Spanish Refogees
s gauntry, was held in this town oe Wednesday,
VOag,
4 EA., in the chair, when several resoint;ons,
' es of the objeet in view, were carried unanimonale
• ems et 401. was sithecribed by the highly respectable
rook
assembled together on the occasion.—Leicester
rge g a b.m, Mr. James Barrett, Mr. Rowland Ste.
.
'Aes and Mr. Rich ad Wilson, the ether day gave ten
itieths'eseb.ii a subscription to Lord Erskine', monument..
—.l/fallot paper,emere....mes;Ms••••=,
KBUC lIESTINti AT NEW YORK IN BEHALF
~e OF THB (WEEKS.
--maa----
Bums T.., lbc. 30—The meeting in &vote of the
• stitch was h-Id last evening, according to pnblic
mom was one of the• most numerous and respectable
•;micouseed st*the Coffee House; and the resoluftuns
viss,catried with a degree of spirit end npastimity,
otrilth bear the most honourable testimony to ,the feel-
wee( the citizens on the subject for which they were
%Alb . .
terAgethasoneting was organised, Colonel WI LIATT
poinoeihe rubes; every body ruse, he advanced slOtely to
Male*, and spoke in substance he fo!lowi :
~ Oat dine minute's indulgence; I take it for granted
r einell 164 three years present a good apology for
It:
N •
elttellifele to attend the business of this Com
to;lts Ofect is, if I understand it, the defence of
it le reigist years since I first engaged with
*Fos of liberty to take measures to oppose Iltitish
digiesien inn shit connter —.the sons of liberty were
eggelisided.—they united for the good of their country.
4 esellithat it might be so at this day. Ode success was
so sesplett at that time, we only got a reprieve, and sue-
willogeppressions drove us again to assert our rights, to
4sitorselves and regulate our owe affairs, aud.sre entered
;rsee•imioiti nt agreement. I was of that Committee,
'that day to this, I think my conscience will
as is saying', I have long been engaged in the cause
10 ys tam now too obi to be active, but I Nish it as
as
W. piss)more vouthfel days, and can only, in the re-
- .... !, , !
tweet _vets of this uututauttee, say with regret,
• %the day tlitr,l, was young.' lienlenten, I cnnld not
IM4eit this occasioe, its say thus mech. and I have re,.
meted Myself here tosdeciare; that though age has enfcc
1414 of limbs, my heart yet glows in the cattse. in which 1
10111“ Mad you tease engagri—tke cause of liberty."
It may be imagined that this address was received with
as litde.applanse; avid as the venerable warrior withdrew,
4101,1!9te tomal ate r9se to salute him. * .

I -

BOXES.

.. i :.~1.

7*e11t4.16.617.
—mimed

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. • • t;
•
BETTING AT TATTERSALL'S—Drc.
Ditiousswolyratt-3 to opt Reformer..-6 to 1 agat Pr.l. •
deacp-6 to 1 eget Quadrillo-6 to 1 spat Don Catdos—..S'to I
agst Crosoida. . •
DIMST.--6 10 I apt Striss—•-7 to 1 apt ....e.ortse:4o 1? 1 -
apt Agoes-1S to 1 apt Rodlcule—l4 to I agat'll Ate. 44
to I apt Don Carlos-13 to 1 apt Cressida—rl to t apt 11... a
—SO to 1 apt Jesoe-10 to 1 agst Sir any-S6
to 1 agsyttur-.
ley Burley-4.0 to 1 apt sr to Arbotus. • •
•
Dans.-17 to 4 asst Prudence-6 to 1 igstLyntipar...7to 1 .
,ansit sr to Sailor-9 to 1 apt Garton— It to I apt Mtn Jig
111 to I apt sr to Hospitality. . .
ST. I.EOEIt.-11 to I apt 1
Altlsidora-16 to apt tUngl
y-
-90 to apt Banshee-20 to 1 apt Rosanne-93 to 1 apt :.li.s
Crantield.

The fight betiiren Belases and Neak will not take place
this day, and all bits were yesterday evening deci.re I
null and void. To rretont, however, disappointment
certain amateurs, it is intended; provided oath to mutt.
can plated on them, that they shall enter the
lists on the 7th January. in the s 'me ring, after Sprifti;
and Langan have decided their contest, the result of whi,•.l
at present occupies so mach the attention of all the covers
of the Fancy.
Fox CUACIL—Oo Monday last, a bag fox was fumed
out at Stoneraise, near Sprunstone, and killed after a
'severe chaos of two hours and twenty minutes, in which
it is sepposed he ran not less than IS miles.--There uas
an excellent field of Sportsmen present, consisting of at least
30 horsemen, and a great number of pedestrians. John
Forster, Esq. of Newtown, had the honor of geniis* the
brnah ; Mr. Sowerby, of Carlisl#, was second, and Mr.
Graham, of Carlton kill, third.
. •,
• Mr. Edwards. of Amesbury, Wilts, has, within the last
few years, stuffed and preserved one white hare, three
white stoats, three white rats, two white mice, four white
pheasants, one-white partridge, six white larks, two white
sp wows, a white swallow, a white wagtail, a white linnet,
anti a redwing with a white head ! •

A plan is in contemplation to „establish a few hackney
coaches in this town. the chairmen being inadegnate to
the business of public nights, and other occasions—(A'es,-
castle Courant)
Christmas this year, like that of 152'2, has passed over,
without snow, except partially open the mountains and •
fells. and with very little frost ; indeed the winter hitherto
has, been uncommonly mild and open, and thoogh, MO.
have bad a fees showers of hail and sleet, yet, upon the
whole, the weather has proved so favonrable to agriculture,
that the operations of husbandry have met with little or no
interruption. Thursday, the great festival of this festive
season, was extremely pleiaantemnshine prevailing through.
the greater part of the day, to the high satisfaction of the
holiday folks, and the no small advantage of their Snollo
clothes. In the evening the sky became dark and lower-
dag. and the night wes rather stormy; but yesterday the,
'fine weather returned, resembling one of the mildell days
tef April, and from the serene and settled appearance id
the atmosphere. promises to be of some duration.—(Car..
lisle Journal) .
On Thursday evening, whilst a select party of friends
were enjoying the festivities of Christmas around the
hospitable board of Captain Forbes,in Great Surrey Streets
lllaekfriara road, they were stid•le•dy alarmed by a violent
shrirk pi-acceding from the room above, slr. Forbes and •
another Gentleman flew upstairs, When the first spectacle
that presented itself to the view of Mr. F. was his only
danghter on the landing pla-e completely enveloped in
dime. and sinking under the aectunnlated effects of terror,
suffocation, and torture. With the eager, though anal-
"'mod efforts of parental solieltede, Captain Forheseeitml
bee in his arms to (much the fire which threatened her
safety ; the attempt was ineffectual ; but the centimes
who accompanied him, with more presence of mind, rushed
Into the room which the young lady hay just 14,, am;
snatching a blanket off the hell, rolled it round her body,
and smothered the flame. Medical aid was instantly pro•
cared, and the ordinary specifics were applied, hut, hum
the state of the stomach, bosom. and throat (which were •
dreadfully scorched, inconsequence of the rayid nicest of -
the Name), the Professioaal Gentleman entertained bat very
faint hopes of her recovery. H stvever, youth, a good con-
stitution, and the tenderest care, are likely to restore, we
understand, a very amiable young lady too-lier frmily.. It
appears that Miss Forbes lied I ft the drawing room only
a few minutes previously, and . • red toher own apartment
to write a note, in which she was engaged, when her.
dress, a thin muslin robe, caught lire without at first at-
traetin4r,her attention.
William Carmen. a respectable man of 73 or 79 years of
age, is a native of the Isle of Man, but has resided for the
last 45 years in Kendal. His wife, also advanced in life,
was lbw° in the parish of Ravenstoneriale. For several
. years past that parish has allowed them a pension of hen
i shillings per week: This ancient couple resided with a •
s
m
oshaedwnitassistedntoatwweetoherfinaotianswasa;tthy:nineohonsie.stleeeadmmpt,:rtaoithrorieint
e:tancneoakieohoii
tyihednnorin,innarivdosogsg vra.atFabweoeysm,aeytilon.
tswoerwierereopntardaraheßoy
o.orogakott
owar:
vtapea.
art
Orton,
tarriedi
,i,
Millar,.ihnni i
tt;snoottia. t a
h,
iondnßtw i
oaor,ton.
r.
anthafbb,ersateifyiiolesen,hsallmaetotogarli
nei
serei
aged
3,
Cirdr afternoona.
ice:
son's
yeovfh,
o:duroef
took
nr.
Orion.o
inadtehrip.tdisteattbssatimiinsisrb,,poreleoloaeiparents.
i lnut
is 4 rrtrtiEse. quarter
saainw last,
Efo
wretcheda seizure.
ot9
.bhiffvytitiae ehihoo d e
fin fo:tnigtbonadeat 1
sh4tr yea
dpnikar,r
I,r
lullsyristhe
letlparents'
ieseekoi
ti
and, . . .
son, who
haolliscaerfsano'ifly;lislaitdo*psiall.e.nnit upcahristoh hcisecrrrediedi'ihgistewatillyn ,
r
e
he
d
was eluded ; heart broken and exhausted with his exertions,
after fainting three or font times upon the read. he with
difficulty reached his cottage. in Captain French Lan..
rbout twelve-b'cloek that night. If this procedure be legal.
is it not a legal act of barbarity and aomutrage to humaaity?
We have since been informed that young ;Cnrwen's two
pl4yer has furnished him with the weans of proceeding
to Whitehaven, in the hopes of meeting with his venerable • .
parents before their embarking for the Isle of Man,. art
with the benevolent intention of bringing them ba.:k to his
own fire side.—(Kendal Citron)
A brutal murder was committed on the person of Mary
Ntigent, a young woman of the town, of nhadoell, who
aboutour o'lock on Frida in wain/ last, was discovered :
in her
room c
at an improper house in the neighl..ourliontl•,.
of King Street, Shads, ell, a most appalling spectacle. being •
then speechless and insensible, and having her, head, [see, .
and HOS excessively contused. Medical aid was promptly
afforded her, but slid expired in the course of the night.
There are various reports in circulation as to the origin
of her death ; one is, that she bad decoyed a sailor house
with her and robbed hint, aid that be, in consequence, bat'
reduced her to the state in whieleshe was discovered. The
unfortunate woman, it seems, had recovered her spe.ch
and senses just previous to her death, when she stated that
she was ill used bye naan,wbo,whileltneding on irerchelt.
held one of his hands to her mouth, to prevent her from
eking any alarm, and beat• her unmercifully with
overthe
ether. Another female, who oCcupoccupied• an apertment
that of the deceased, heard a bnitling noise under her on
' the,Titnredsy .night. but that not being an entreat 7i,:e
n'rreore, she took no notice of it. air. Casein, tire
Corrine'', attended yesterday afternoon, with a JuvY,:as Ott(
Ship. Farmer Street, Si .dwell, to enquire in'olfitedeath
of the deceased, but the [wriest was asljoirned nOell that
bead and body shoalk be dpencd and exattiipid,Sy ,a
sugeon. . - - . •

Outt.einaLt..—Anther instance of that eontlituafly
reetteriog • offence, robberies by 'tempts 'aped their low
*loyde, cliOe ander the cognisance of the sitting Alder
wiatt,-iiti: .?istipetroom yeatenlay.
-Thal, tier, a young man from the country, liaised
Ctrinr; 441.1;0111 ,
kiowabsoirin.sihnigi,as.whe-portbeat wliatthelybirsu. Cospellnyeer.
d
di IffMkiag goods from the shop, sad conveying them
. 'sett Of thalmose early on the Sunday -mornings, he being
. generally op and out before the rest of the family were
Atirripg. Mr. Vollyer's shop is situated. directly opposite
lo' St. Andrew's wttcltbouse, and as his own getting Op
- liarlieribin usual on a Sunday morning Would have pot
the porter sport his gated, Mr. CoWyer mentioned his
ditipleioaito Corky, one of the officers at tint watehhonse,
and told bhp t,: keep a look out early on Sunday Morning
last, and if he saw the• porter leaving the house with *
beadle, to stop nod search him ; and' tile. prisoner accord
itistly making his appearance a little after eight o'Cioik
with a-beadle, Corby, who had -smtidned himself in the
watchhonee. immediately went over, and demanded to
know what he hail got in lois ha odic'. His ready reply was
.dirty linen, which he was taking. to be washed. The
officer, howqver, on opening it,• found one parcel contain.
ing theee and a half pounds of sugar, and another a
ponnil and a quarter of coffee. The prisoner at first said
the goods were his own ;• but on Mr. Golly*, being sent
• f4C, he owned to him that .he had taken them from the
shop, send it was his first offence, aid that be had been
.indareit to do it for the purpose of paying a small debt,
for isitieh he had been threateued to he summoned.
••,'The prisoner urged the belle tacos* for his conduct
the Magistrate, who, however,. held the offence to
lie it 100 serious a nature to be passed over with impunity,
dal he.kireaCeotdinglY totioniusni for trial.
!IOW STRlßT.—Yeettriley .Ana Malls. a middle aged
woman, was hronght beforaSir. It. ;Ansi, charged with
cointhitting depredation, upon the property of her master,
Mr, Offiev. the proprietor of the Berton Ak. hoes*. is
Meirril.rtil Street, Covent Garden. • •
• -Tire prisoher •had been a long time employed at. Ilit.
°lacy's, in the capacity_ o_flaur.dry maill. About Christens
last year, a great nisailler of tnrzbiers, ale glasses, some
silver, 'pines, and articles of linen were ^missed, Shod' al.
thoneli a vigilant Watch was kept 'epos the *events, the
delinquent rosild nos be disiovered. - Within the last
fortnight, however. information was conveyed -to Mr.
t tflVey, that the prisoner was thethief. and he in cease.
qUenee Obtained a search warrant, and went to an spoil.
melt hired by her in Old ROste4 Cont. Street!, where a
sitt.of the stolen property, and pawnbrokers' duplicates
Tor the remainder, were found. . When the displicates
were found, ehiendeaveensi to prevail upon the Officer to
destroy them. in order that they might not be prodiced
in evidence against her. -
'TiM'peieoner seemed in*, ill Mate of health, and Wes
dreadfully &Noted at her sitnatioa. She was several times
neatly fainting while at the bar. She • Made -no ;defence,
and. NJ!). committed for trial.
filharteibliscnitts root( ItoLtolt Rerowrtsteetiefinfliwitile
day see'ek we noticed. the epprebeesion of a oil' 40641
arkee Of Villains; by Johnson, a Bow. Street patrol.' on
Hodrislovi Watt). on the preceding night, with • eisseiler•
titde tiniiher of shirts. neckerchiefs, drawers,_ and 'Asir
settees of wearing aposrel in his possession. of. which he
fares veer issitiefartork *collat. The things wrist. all
looked with lire inilials S. S., and the prisoner said.they,
htioliged to his brother Seined %mums
,who. w*h it
ii,gtg. reigai • halter, lied 'to wlioiti ilk iyrfa'Mfgaly them to.
lieletoi; -' - - ~.„
. . .•le
' SW IrtellMill fkaletit, mot siring credit to, tam story il
renisswitit 'the vi.ksOer. and WA," inrerlia deaire4.tbr,
parbl to Make. intriiiei Wise', rabbit!, lied bessopounnittedii
in theotteighboarbeed. if Bounaltivr. Twit no were stated
in tbeepililie• *Mord the ducetleiling. sfey, and ultimately
eassteb'the knowledge. of .tir..taion4fhlakheld. of the
CoeidtertfetrOict, Lambeth, whit. it appterellted sent a.
here NO Ithe'n; as Whe his habit every firs wirshe.. by. the.
Dielpigei waeriiikto be Washed, on the very mernieg of the
divilid piiiosieltas stopped. This linen was merked,Sa 5:
mkt tit tievitbstined of the prisoner's detentioa ed la fur-.
Iteildithicite, *ben' it turned out, that althoug . the boa
hatlelasffiell its defilltetion. vet that the eonteots ad been
Ultetodt on the' read ; - and it was this property of which •
the Sevistitlei• had possessed himself. It was presumed that
tan orfeertiertild'elfridted fri'at the back of tfie..waggoo as ,
it-Was' its Olosiolt,.andffeititig the box in question, he cat,
open dile ildth lh Whitt; it•was-eavelopeChialm, opre, the,
hick, and • hieing folded tisi. the tisiii. it an old.shawl,
Uwe* Bre° the ethic an', while the %s miler was . at•
t..otti Mew iiiilffitsed, cO!'oot Meal' bitiltlf,nott thus. aecar.
erillisfprile:• ::•.- ' • . ~ r *'l
• bir?Siorifeld attvilditand ittantifiedtleeilliont and the.
book keeper et 'the wagsen, office Otte . Sikh.- ,Holborn
Hill), . proWer ' tiler thifilffii had 'bhl. "Ogefarly,forisorded.
by I haervirolibithettid---Si.c' Kt dim a ojitter9g, on hem-
inithei eige,'"6,iesittnicf litinfalli;isit .PTX o its another
proof ^al' the• ••-re of MK At ,oestori from
Italie* °Offiees,to *nblishe i'l— e piiiMparants. fogy t
cotatoittreh far tail ' . „ .
iiiicsionoitiauem.atnecT.—Yedersiey a .map. 05,.. genteel
addreosited ecipectable' aispearinc4, Who gate, his. name
Atektirst 'Aitikgriin, residing it Se. hit cahor, Street,
Bislifistelieen, and stated Mansell' ' RS'S' It trade a dyer,
butsoiew time retired redid business. was placed at the bar
before.; Ilk A.,itoo, 'EN: 0. sitting Megiateate, upon the
fullowitsgchatgetea .. .
,
dislisnlibad trio. a fashionable-looking yootsg men, Who buts
has
belts. °Ail witairl i few days, in the iliesedrapety•
neer. with .1110. Joiss. of Piccadilly. lately 9leceseed, but at
Prevent *Weil 111•Jerwiyo.street, tit a, public house, called
tiro /Led ' USA. itatill; that en tiontday last he was spend.
ino theelay with sr:J*44c Beesiierstaltli, and as lie we,
abeam to Centro to lewdly doe or the stages, the prisoner
canto op; and rek:d him if that was a stage to town ; be
replied id die, effirmatiCe, Ind got oo the coach together.
anshistlipeoesitii`ta nib other oil the.back seat ; bat they
had lethal tikeahhilieplaCes, when th:4Prisoner began to
endAttet hidiself tkitilkis Mr. titiodwi A to a manner which
thasredostesnmdeee. ritiodollue to whiali sr*. conoot•allade.
and romasitted the Same-offensive condact the while,of the,
sway' toroatn, dining Which be (34.(lobdwht),,aid or did
fottitorrnotr than ask 'the ,prisoner' 4hat je}rt of the
• town hawse •golog to. talshicb he replied. 1. 'The stereo's.*
ILIA an Snots hill' When the caeca stop:oed 'at the whit.
Memo L.,'tliar. it Piccadilly, Mr. Cloodoeia *Aid that he. Ile•
teisolwed*o.get rid of Id...companion, and. getting off the
coach, turned no Dover Street to areid him, hot Was I°l7
lowedhi she pristisee. who took'hold of him by the arm,`
andsaii, " Oh, I was afraid t had lost you." Mr. Good.
is id,thewin topes cif still 'Molding hive," gin on the coach
again, which wasmill Waiting. determined to proceed some
ditterico farther tioit the prisoner poraued him, and aiso
unmated the. reach a second dine. The." then pe.ocre,4ed to.
the corner of Ett.gent Stieet, when Air. Goodwinsigain
mopped tbeCoaaf, end again" -dheettifell with
.thn hope,ot
leas incirts • commotion -behind; trat the prisoner • hen
d.saeadg&wisot midi/4 mg Lit once ideree'by the arm, arAiled:.
wills hint vo thwitedi.loe,-wbeve he foltavred.hiss l: to the par.
lost. Mr:Voodatia Dow wagtail() the 'bar, and consulted Mi:
V. seer), Ow litodlord. bow he hut bast act. Mr. Ward advised
kin. to lease tine prisoger is parlour:. and go away from
use Goose ,; which he aceordingiy aidsaind was absent half an
hcdr, in fibres that daring diet tip* the prisoner would have
refireat, away': but, to his sstoisisjunent. oa kis return he found
tne'prlsonerwaillug fairs ootsidethe door. and they again
*OP tegiTher tetilltipailbvir. 'Mr. Goodvini consulted the
bilioird • sawed thaw; litho to* lidilsint trim to go tato thi"
profit awl 'toot* dab ocnaPtuly 'the conduit of the prisoner;.,
hat the *swat Mt. Goodwirecormitroota this dlielosure, the
prhassiertitti.O like lightning oat of the bogie; aid ensure,
T&LiElesidAa *aught at least now that kit wail ptetty sere of
helm rape orisoner.; but such was rot the feet, foe, to
about a>.' titter. wheels' and auothec sunlamp" itionmetit:
•
