COMITY OF LAPICASTEO.

" MT 1.01tD.•1 address you as his Majesty',
Lieutenant and the Casters of this County, not in
the behalf of any party of men, or any set of ph.
tical opinions, bet in the behalf of the Laws and
Constitution of toy country. I was an eye-alines,
of occerrences at Manchester. on Monday last, on-
peralielvd in the innate of England ; pregame's
which will I the attention of the troth', and
'thief+ it is the duty of every Englishman to bring to
legal intemigation.
" To you, my Lord, at I conservator of the
public peace, I appeal for the protection of the
sights of the subject, by year personal and of cial
interference, in bringing to justice all those who
hose 'Waled the law, whether they be persons of
high or low rank, in authority or in subjection.—
Ur, I am perfectly confirmed. that the result of
this important business will decide at once the fact
of—.the liberty or slavery of the British People.
" The Public Meeting appointed for Monday, the
911 but , when it was proposed to elect a Repreetn•
Wive for Manchester, was early denounced by 14
Slagistrama, who gave notice that they would pet it
down; end to the satieraetise of all parties the no-
tice foe its tab,' place was coentermended. A
Meeting was then convened for Monday last, mere.
ly for she purpose of considering the most legal
means of obtaining a Reform of the Iluose of Com-
mons. To this Meeting, summoned in the usual
way, so legal objection appeared. It is tree, that
threats sad rumours of interference prevailed am .rgst
bested partisans in Munchen er ; het on Sa • day
last, It was fully ooderatood upon 'Change, that the
Magistrates had resolved not to disturb the Meeting,
valets some breach of the peace occurred. It was
thee said, by mew of all rtflirf, then, the
Meeting will go ai quietly.' On that day. toil on
Sunday, is sal currently reported that lett.ef Lad
been rereired from Lord Sitimoulli and the I) ke of
Toil, ordering the entire qeirscence of the tnilita y,
salmis popular violence should he rosnifested. This
',pert was Deter contradicted by any circumstance.
On Monday_mornieig a placard was issued by the
Boroeghreeve end Constables, recommending persons
to remain in their houses during the day; bat still
nothing appeared to indicate the ioteution of Mort.
log In vi..tent measures.
" The kleming assembled in the most peaceable
manner; the usual compliment to our Monarch was
performed by the bands playing ' God sere the King,'
the People uncovered ; the Chairman of the day it
length arrived, and was beginning to eddies, his
countrymen when the Volunteer Cavalry of the town,
many of whom but a few days trefere had made most
violent declarations. rushed upon the People, cutting
rot and left, taking forcible possession of hr. con•
(lectors of the Meeting, and then proceeding by direct
Charges upon the multitude to force them from the
vetted. I saw numbers of men and seisms cot
down on every elite of me•' and seen a few who
stood against the farthest wall of the area, as spools.
tore, were sabred without distinction of sea or cir-
cumstance.

"The reasons epos ebieb Met? proceedings were
adopted, bare sever been avowed, nor con the) be
Imagined. Was the Meeting convened inept ? No
one pretends It. Was It tumultuous? Ati evidence
denies it. Did it design violence? It was so corn.
;steely unarmed, as not to withstand a few swordsmen,
soil the experience of all former Meetings gives the lie
to the supposition. Did any env pr•siou.l) depose that
No know rriatrudeil mischief? Ile most have learnt i;
from some. ind,vidoal circumstances, and he ass *
traitor if he did not apprehend the criminal. Was the
language used by the speakers seditious? It was to
urge silence and good order ; politics bad not even
beets lotrodoced. Was the carrying of thecap of liberty
treasonable? Then is the man a traitor lobo bears this
popular emblem before the King, on his coronation ;
sod so was the coiner of the copper coin of the last
century. Were any of the banners sod inscriptions
seditious? They might have been seized, or their car-
rier* prosecuted. Was the imbibition of caps of liberty
sod 'ascriptions a matter of bad taste, which I think
It was, because it offended the prejudices of political
opponents ? Sorely the people must not betel down
for bad taste. Was the attendance of women bad
taste? Still, the sword is not the proper cosree.
lion of it. Were warrants to be versed en the
speakers for some particular reason? This could
hate bees done during the procession, or even
Do the ground, without amending scores of onresists
log people offer the prisoners were secured. Hod
the Riot Act been read, end the Civil Power found
insufficient to quell the riot ? There was no riot
Was it read, as stated, 10011 after twelve o'clock ?
The hour would then bare expired before the great
procession strived ; and the crood them preheat
might twice been dispersed with comparative ease.—
Was it read at all? Numbers of persons who stood
in every different part of the !feeling are ready to
swear they never beard any to 'llion of it. And if
it was read, there having been no tint, was the Meet.
log to be dispersed ? And if it was to be dispersed,
was the killing sod wounding of unresisting people
ioniser, ?
" The above, my Lord, are questions which are
soar running like elect, icily through all oho frame of
society, and it will become your Lordship's high cha-
racter awl office Wining to the test of the law. the con-
duct of the rooms and actors of thew measorahle deeds,
la order that acquittal or punishment may take place
accordingly. The great question most be now deters
mined, shether or not Englishmen may be cot down
far meeting to discuss their rights and opinions, and
whether we are in future to recognise nut country as
as England or an Algiers.—l have the honour to be,
my lord, your obedient servant,
" Litelp).4, Aut. 18, 1819. " JOHN SMITH."

VAUXHALL CIANDENS.—The Gardens rinsed for
lb, IffyOlt yesterday evening, when the folk•ing
Aditress was delivered by Mr. Willi:—
" 1.1111110 41‘13 r. LLLL As II..• rvenifig do". Isle
Ilratheywnt. 01 these linrdem for the mra.na, 1 11111 Citertert by
lie Prop trtor to espress lii. grate/al Minks for lye rttreolose
pre Auer sh •oulh.in t sod In N.rre yall. 1411 .111 long to the.
are hie looreti*, et will be his wed. to have ihmt so .owirrird
or to construe Hire to that Ingle cstiosaties which )0411f kind
Ohd.• they postem.
to ilte more .4 impel( owl the other Performer*, we beg
"se to aeltoowleege the hithstgamer roe hare Sholill to on 1.1.
Mgt. to amuse yes, and trash!), for the worm, we take tar
ItafT."
