THE STATESMAN.

Fox STATESMJN.
-Nusw—

• PROPOSED REPLY OF THE TRULY lAIYAL
PF.TI nom-Ala OF READING TO TIII.. PRETEND-
EDLY LOYAL DECLARATORS OF THE SAME
PLACE.

A Declaration, falsely called Loyal, printed at
Reeding, October td, Is at this meow in circela.
ties, it begins thee—
LOT AL DY.CLAR AMR.
“ We, the modersigord. loastrltains of the Borough of
Reading. mon allow the Renietiess adapted by she Nevin*
Mid w.k Illh Waal. to gin fresh to the public a. repressing
the sonsiviviov sestimmas of this town, sad if we dimes" from
those Resolvines. to numb the mere are we assioes to 'declare
ear straw disapprobation of Me NOM •se hie Royal Higher
the Phsce Revel. avid In at the soar Merlin, aid whit
wt seureely Meek ire say of hi. Majesty'. subken will heat
to hardihood se_ perm to his Royal 1111 iteess.'•
liset.e.—The Petitioners Newer were se weak as to
imagine that their patriotic Petition would meet spa.
oleos. epprobatioe in a country like Elegised, where
corruption has bees declared to be as notorious as
the son at neon day. Although the greet majority
of the people at Reeding are honest men end lovers
of their visitor', yet some few individeale may be
found there tainted with corruption to the very core
—some few members of the Church hunting shot
preferment—sours lee pluedereis of public charities,
ilse.—end some few individuals so servile by eatery,
'that, hod they bear born at Tonis or Algiers, They
would have prided themselves iu the appellithou of
dutiful and toys, subjects in that country open the
eery same grounds and merits by which they lay
claim to it in this. The Petitioners do not in the
leapt doubt that these Tunisian politicians, public
peculators, preferment-heating parsons, end heart.
Witted correptiouists, will have es strong reasons for
approving and signing the Loyal Declaration as they
had for disapproving the Coustitutioesl Petition.—
That Declaration, in their opinion, is only so hob,.
cite attempt at inipoeities ; and exhibits very gross
ignorance in several points, perticeisely with respect
to the CONDITIONS heats wotcu ens House or
11.4/110Teli WAS PLACID UPON Tat tumors; which
conditions were "claimed. demo/Wed, and insisted
upon" at that time by the whole 0'1046.06(in. end
are sot forth I. the Dille( Rights. Aid with respect
to the bold asseriloo, that se Nobleman the pre.
sent day, having access to the PlllllOl Itwast, •ill
have " the hardihood" to prosiest to him the seed
humble Petition, cemplaisieg of a most need's,. most
• flagitious, end most Whams° violation of the Bill of
Rights. That startles Is, in oar opinion, a libel
upon the Peerage. It opposes that all the descend.
ants of these Goble families, who thee " delisted,
demanded, sod issisled von" the said traaucutses,
r are become, lea moral point of view, like so any
&getters., bastards, butted of being the legitimate
' inheritors of the vine's of their ancestors.
The Declaration seat hies—
.- We ration tale urns ourselves the awful respeaslbility of
esoilemeing. so rape and easbadietory evidence. a part of the
Stitish liagloracy, as having tiolently infringed she lows. awl
landed thi rleht. of the people, and the'pnistro most be allege
all nullities. *kWh will presoak, on, Mat a p..rt of Me Nritlsh
Yeomanry MVO perpenred acts a bodied, aentes.
human. and omennolted:
RULT.—Theevideectegainst the Magistrates was
set *4 vague sad contradictory," bet most clear. am-
ple, mod conclusive. It satisfied the Coronet's Jury,
end hes coovinced all Ragland ; and Ministers found
no other means of genies the bettor of it, bet by sr.
resting the coarse of justice. It respires a most coo.
seminate assurance to resist this ',ideate ; and he
who will not believe that " British Yeeemery have
perpetrated acts of blood-shed, wanton, 'sheens,
and unprovoked," would still remain ineredeloss,
though Jews Less himself, and his fellow-victims,
sore hi rise from the deed.
" However Warmly we fern the effehlou of human blood,
till we have full istormatioe of an the eireemstesce• wbiebled
Os the tree.sets..ee of the lath of Miaow. and wait* laded
Majesty'. slisissen to Serl..re their appeal...les orate
wave comma, we most sospeed oar )elgoetst. soon She
Vziple of ItsßlYb Jostle,. whit.' does ant presume IMF
. till the accused as well na the accuser have ban loony
nod impantaity bawd."
KULT.—These "lamentations" will certainly be
competed to the tears of the crocodiles by those par.
healed, are who informed, that tease Rotund Loy.
alias of Reedit's, and the neighboerhoed , on mfr.
ing of the Masichester Massacre, wished that the
whole 70,000 persons assembled at the Meeting,
had been exterminated. This may, perhaps, roses.
ble Tunisian or Algerian Loyalty, but it certainly is
not British. The reason here 'Wilted by the Dees.
raters for suspending their judgment, is a mere pre-
tence. The Petitioners do not presume to prejudge
or co:oedema without impartial enquiry, as his Mein.
• ty's Ministers have doe* ; ee the contrary. they de.
mead enquiry, and the House of Commons being the
greed lowish of the Nation, is the only proper place
where such enquiry can be mode.
a Upon this principle. sod in sorb a case we moulder the
premiere declines or peblk Nest toasts be daageeoos and se.
eseettehomd, as teadies asolfestly to overawe the Coons of
Jostler and the Jerks. before whom the great geeakto h to be
tried; sad who* shsuM be alike .uperter to the ietseoroof
she Crowe and the terms of popular etwomir."

- •
REPLY.—This It mockery end deleslon. The great
question canoot be tried by a Jury for she great
speedos is, whether Ministers and Magistrates have
@limped the sobversieo of the Constitution or not ?
Magistrates say be brought before the King's Bench,
but Moister' ens only be impeached is Parliament,
obese may have been convicted of this offence, and
suffered for it, en much sere slender evidence than
the present case affords.
" At .he awe lime we as:terezwieese defeatism of that
Mike hereInking wow See, le meal at we
Ike Coesdisime mad effigies die etesery. When we we the
bade( sad eat stetreshe wasters et rendesl soorelly is
lesisear seise, aid avowedly make eisomnoo canoe with the
epee, sad rw rained, etsomiosaae of blimplway whew
these she anew* to thoweeket the thle at Feirede of the
rerryar• ere at she mew time labeseieg to deprive hit profde
of
their Mil swore of eqsality with the Mabee awl now
oralay —ilea commas belief sod reaseses base of raleatioe $
' we teak thee it wield be a defeatism et eve ditty Is war king
ed emery, sad Is eve tad, If we did am decker eve deter-
saws les Is woven I. lbw Wawa of oar power the awastetel
I Aramaic, is the woe rsonro of law and swim
• The above Dreastles will be ready fee esiontores at the
Cilaaell Clamber en Wednesday stronsitsg. rood will be pub-
' libel, with the wane st the enbseelveff."
ittli.T.—The Pelltiessee are such less deserving

--- -
of beisq branded with these scurrilous epithets thee
the Declarators thossolres are, oho base sometimes
been led away by their seal to bring discredit both
ois the throne mad on the altar. The Petitioners dewy
their bring " blssphessers, or promoters of anarchy,"
sod they malistalo, that is she general dischargo of
that duty which all woe " OWe to their King, their
coastry, sad their God," they halo a decided so.
periorily over their sweaters, instated' as the object
• lira shaald be witch. bet we are (ridding ibe maniacs'
tirectloa of the Loyal Petlaiatioa."

of their truly ltiyal Petition, is the" mainteasitas of
law," the preservation of the public peace and the
stability of the Thump ; whilst the object elle Loyal
Diclerstioa, as it is pretendedly called, is to KIM
from pasishment away,' who have violated the law
sed abased the Kim's emmakission fee the comperes.
lion ef the piece. to elect the massecro of innocent
men, women, and children. The object of kw
Loyal Deelaraters (as they please local! themselves)
is also oast evidently, to pretest Ministers frees
being called to account for having abased the Royal
coalitioner, endangered the Throne, and violated the
Constitution. TIM* atrocious crimes they wish to
screen, seder a hypocritical regard for English Jas.
tire, bat with the real view of upholding Bereogh.
manger Tyranny and Pecelatlon.
Ileagerg. flu. 99,1919.
Me. Bolton, as above. I tend yen a prepesed
Reply of the truly lAyal Peiliinners of Reeding, to the
Doelatatims which hospital appeared there. The
Petition t. the PIIIICI ittOVIT, nat•ithstasding the
atreutpis of a few party .en to suppress it, having
met with enaniusans approbation when teed to the
Meeting.shewed so evidently the real eetatistests of the
honest Patriots of Reading, that se &obi eon be
entertained ef their approbation Wog attached like-
wise to she Reply, which is hare offend to glair eon.
olderstioss and ad..ption.
Beelloshasphire,
Oti.lll, 1119
P. ti. Front some stress* dehy, the Petition to the
Nines itzonne, hos not yet bees engrossed and
presented to the people for sinewy., thoegh k was
6.tried by acclamation.

T. T.

OLD BAILEY, Tommy. Noe. I.
Theo. MINIM, .is arraigned . a as indictees, charging him
will forelog an mrseriag. Menem ,t to be forged, a sole fec
101. perponiag Is he of the Driver Bask.
Mr. AMAMI opened the preeredieg.. mad
Mr. Bourns need he ease is sloe Joey.
Mr. Anderme. wife of sir. Wm. Jobe Asiersen. einem
gotre.ll3. Holsoes, knew the restate at the hat; be
salted es 'Pr ',lobo*" dad asked fat
• prays has ;hepm a 1 Dover mire t the peke was 11. ie.
assi ; be seld it ass.fer • frked at Davey; she objected
to ibe Meer Mole; he said be preferred dorm be these of she
Book a Eeglead t .he kern the Mask se Dever, Myles been
there; Mehra sot k..aws 'rimier before; be iambi. address
Thee. Wilkens. *alter, Task Mosel. Deese; else WINS Me
oddness ea She awe. eel poe te het herbead she knew Me
nate meals; hashamd pie dame. and Me Priggery leek
nosy the bee ai.l she hat; she bed me dose sheet the pease
er sbe Primmer.
Cr.... esamined by Mr. Assitews.—Altos two days had
elapsed. be mate again, gad sidkred anoshee ogee; be said he
keels she prim of oboes be kid bed Ity end had better pat
ea she swir.'sbet he was welter at she Yak Hawk
William Jahn Antenna. hashes/ of the int witness.-111e
WM et Aug. arrived is lows frees ; knew reheats y
he was imenlosed Mewl lifie al Deter. Be.; be was asked if
he had a Baal of England we mad said is as Mess
it was a pod Dew pose. sad said Ids name was Thos. Williams,
and be lived at the Teel Hotel; Mrs. A. weals It se she we.
sad Pti•••ef mid. " Tom any say, wain. fer I lies wallet
there." Where gave him the elmage, and ham k lo be the
mine mew ; had ie other Dever we s had set gay doge as to
the penes of the Primmer; saw his write, bet borer set
whas.
Besj.Tilin. book. keeper and Arid-walkie at the Tett Halal,
Dever.—Has bees is far four years; Primmer did net live
there is My especlay is Amgen tam; did net Imes Me Pd.
smee.
Mn. Cobham. wife d Mr. N.J. Cubism,. who is a straw.
bat-ammefeetsem Is Oefonlstreek—Prisamer came to the shop
as the In of Sepses/am. at eight o'clock in the meanie; asked
far a straw homes; whores seek rime nos ef the Lade,. which
be appeeed he asked far a Mt; she week amount. 11. Oa ;
he tendered • I. Deem we; whew eked ter his address;
Is said if she would give Ina pea and Mk be weld arise it as
she we; the Wangs he sir lif•Se. was Mr. Toompoo,
agergelesireet. Dover; pee him in Mange Al. We. d wit-
ness took op the we, mad reading is, mud, amargain.
Weed— is yes lima nay perms shwa of the same of
Mesh l" Ile said " Yes, Mere are two." " I said they
are retains' of Wee." lon pima there, have yea ea eels.
manta?" VI Imre said..' No, geed raceme." test
sway she homes gad Mc t witnew gas she .see la her desk wish
other oases. has ma iresetry ewes atoms them ; seat easesing
gate i 1 le her hestmed.
Cremegamised b Mr. Amegraes.—Not the least desk at
heslitailew in saying was she tame mean.
Skew Hollerikr--B mad nes In iggsmisier with Mn, Cali.
sea; remembered Prisoner poisinalag Wessel sad Ms; heard
Mm asked fee his address; be asked fee pee sad lak ; she pee
It. sad he his mime; se One weisever as Is the penes ref Use
Prissier.
Robin Mee, silmendlh, fileamd.—Kaew Primmer el
mass so Mode" as she ish ef sepseesher, at II is the mosaings
perchesed a pair of metopes-1 wham weed Me Primmer ;
one pair was NCI pee a IM. Dever nee; gave him M.
in Haw t maid eat to arise bh address; gave him pre and
Mk as the creaser;} saw him write. •• Charles Weimer. saddler,
Mites. Rea. I" ahem Primmer bad written looked at what it
mass keen it to be the mime eerie.
Cress eassined2; Assakm.—Witness bed es doebt ef
the penes of doe p
'Wheel Hedge. in she services/ Mr. Craigh.llaes draper
.
Oa she ids September Prisoner came ahem Deemk la the
rosin mil bought mmethieg ; gave • 111. sine; herded
s to Mr. Pile.
By Mr. Aeolians.— Primmer was the sane men.
By the C•lllllT.—K•ew Fector's Bank we was geed; pays.
hie im sews as Messrs. Smith. Payne, sad Smith's.
Edward Pike remised from him Willer' • IM. Dever sere;
fossil It is Unpin on she ev.sieg ate. Ida of tOptessaer ; so
other !Meer email days had 11441 key of the till, but It was ism
lashed s dies set always glee change himself; address en the
sow sag Jeers.. Saargaie-street. mad Thema Webb, DWI ;
bed sever seer a Dover suo before ; paid is away with asker
mosey to Mr. Weelrich. el Ow Change.
Mr. Teems Cra4k. she employer of she Is. whams, was
hot could prove sods* mangle' to thecae%
Mr. Woolrieb, wreelsossem in. se Old Change, received from
Mr. Hedge a h.l. Dover sate sad warts/ It; the see shows
Mill Ike OW.
Creseemmised by Mr. Amass.—Part ef the ism be re-
strived from Mr. Hodge, was in elegem sad other paper;
eiski mat say If there were mare Dever owes than ore but the
we
produced was censialy past of what was paid him by Mr.
nadir-
Mrs. Sarah Jone.lives at No. 10. Oewelialree I she twit
the Paperer ; he edged with b.r snidest. iremeneecieg as the
lye of September. and weer by the game of Wildisii.
Ilessei Mackey is the illsoymp clerks. Mr.Jobe Mime Fee.
ter, Basher, at Dowel thereare me passers; no ism bet wh-
ams ilk up she ems. The sate shows (that passed se Mr..
Ander og) was a forgery is rem repeet ; ,so all Mee were
prodoeed (these pawed to Mn. Cubism, Mr. Ewa, mid Mr.
Crank)
Cross emadard by Mr. Aassaws.—Mr. Fee tar h she eel,
perms Wormed In the Dover Bask. se far as hr hares.
Join Popsies. esteriag Clerk to she Deter Bask.—The
eon hosed nevermore,' is his bad.* rising la a book ; the notes
shows are ail forgerle..
John (heel. Cieiff to She Baskin-hew of Smsth, Payee,
sad Walsh, 1.. Loads,. proved she mews of that Ira.
The Primmer mode as retrace, bus railed a, ninnies to his
elterarter Mr. JINN" !headers, d Vaveshass. enhises-maker,
sad Ile. Michael Arts.-. Boorainor, memo ta sbe forms;
with sae fewer Ise AA served hi. apperattresep, wb.ra ex-
pired aeon si s ere seem pram ago. airs gosh the laser be lived
ag wrings la 1113.
Mr. Jester Pena amemed op, sod the Jury immediately
farad him Oohs,.

1111VIIIILL I'D rns SPY SYSTEM.

[MOM TUB trial ■uicoay.J

Me. Mitchell has published his defence against the
impetetioes he labours coder as a Spy, mod sock a
mass of Jews. In the shape of justification. was per.
haps sever beim preseeted to the patine. His in.
trodectles to Oliver is all mystery. Ilk knowledge
of his character, according to his owe accoont, was
was not sulkiest se have entitled him to credit for a
'lusty shillings mote, meth less to justify him is
prevailing upon his Moods In place their lives is his
beads s and the man that salad endemic, the safety
of these who ceetided is him, open each groan& as
those he alleges, paves himself to be unworthy .f sit
couldence. and deficiesi either its common bounty
or le common mew. Whet, we soviet ask Mr.
Mitchell. would behove though' of any person who
had acted se creel • part towards himself, as to
'reduce a person to his segesintonee, on a be-theca
involving so less. stoke than his when he bad
not taken the pains t• ascertain whether that peruse
was • villain or 'll. honest man'—say, when he
know Ins mast be a villain, from his false, 'mullets's.,
and 'reassemble se,steprementasions ; and this, too,
ohm. los use sell aware that there were spies abased,
vied • hen, aecordieg in his no e *censer, he had beets •
'Sited by " scores of them." ilet we ere not doing
Ito accompany Mr. Mitchell thri.rgh the 'lateen pante
et es)sters and absurdity uhirb he dignifies •itli the
ammo of " • defence," end which proves ..thing,
earls that he has beets the associate of cesspits's('
and spies, and that his own character seems to par.
take largely of the mature of both.
O. that defence, end en the character of its se.
titer, it Is scarcity neceesery to hoist. The ribliS
have already proneueced a pretty decisive opiates
epee both. sod whoa Mr. Wailer and his 'treads
termed their backs upon him, last Toesday, and quit.
SA the heelless the moment he began to speak et
Heaslet Moor, they proclaimed, in • langeoge that
eve* Mr. Mitchell, with his bleated (scold's, cneld
net mlseederstand, that hi had forfeited all dales to
the public cauldiaea
It is, however, doe to oerseltes end to the public,
that we shield jeatify the condust we adopted at
York, and this we shell do
I. By the prod of ear essaniao, that Mr. Oliver. the spy,
woo imreasiceo hen tae Cometry. meow. the kerstaners by
Mr. Mischell.
11. That their esanettia• alb Not terageate whoa Mr. Mere.
sharaeter was folly exposed.
111. Thu so sere *MIA is repressive sir ',spiels. pub-
Subs Toth, that Mr. elbehell was cuessiv SD as art easiwary
Ie Nene the tame be alketee serer.
On the Int point we have Wen es evillest* oft
oath, takes upwards of a year ago, to show that Mr.
Oliver was latrodeeed lots this part of the mousey
by Mr. Mitchell, sad that he went with the spy frost
piece to place, when that wicked sae was attempt.
leg to pet the necks of his Msjessy's sobjects Into a
heifer. Ws have also the same authority for assert.
tag* Host Mr. Mitchell, as well as Mr. Oliver, pre.
teelled to be a delegate, though they were neither of
61111 delegated by the Reformers, and, if 'hey had
soy delegation at all, it was from his Majesty's Mi.
sisters. We 111111 further rivepsred to peeve, by the
same slidevits, that boob these possum represented
the people to be ready to rise In arms, in different
parts of the country. That they spoke of 'beamed*,
sad toes of thousassda, who were prepared to resit
late the Geld le evertors the Government, mention.
leg the places and the members is each, though is
their consciesees they knew that they were suede(
, falsehoods; and •hee Mitchell was asked, " how
! ao smarmed priveriy.strickee people were, by farce
1 of arms, to overture a Government like that of Reg.
land," he replied—" that almost every hoes, fee.
! Dished the means werowary for armies." We have
I also the evidence of a persists preeent et olio of the
Meetings called by Messrs. Mitchell and Oliver. at a
pablic.ltspose ia Leeds, is April or May, 11117, to
show, that on this occasion ohm two instigators
urged forward their ahead hooters to resort to
" physical force" against the Government, avid else.
aerated the vast array of force which was ready to
eater the 6Nd, in a variety of places threesb which
they had travelled; though they both of them knew
at the time, Mr. Mitchell as well as Mr. Oliver,
that their iecendiary representatioes wore, to see as
expression of a great law Lord, 6' es false a. hell ;"
end that the asters' and almost inevitable ',Wesley
of such esisrepresentatioes was to conks their on.
fortunate dupes either to she sword of the military,
or to the heeds of the public esecellener. On this
occasion, as as most others, Mr. Mitchell was the
priscipal spokesman, and appealed to Mr. Oliver fee
the troth of his treacherous a ssertions.Wes this so serve
the of Reforms, or to stove the cases of
Nets!—to 11l the empty stonsamhs•uf the Reformer's,
or
te 611 the time Hagf Another of Mr. Mitchell's
espedieuts, to incite the people to violence, con.
tasted of the esplanades of a leeching which, as he
said, he had invented, and which was of such po.
lency as to sweep down the military beneath Its
mighty power. We maid multiply lestances of she
wicked arts resorted to by these two bad men, to
beguile their raforteeate dopes, bet golleirrit has at.
ready Wee said to show, that Mr. Mitchell intro.
diced his eeedjetor into the country, and that ha
. .

played iris fiddle to Mr. Oliver's bete.
We shall seat chew that the censectien of Olivet
and Mitchell did not terminate when thieves chit.
meter was folly exposed. Wiles they bad succeeded
its illi.R the Green Dag, and •Itos the flagrance of
the law +as weedy to be dischared open their victims.
Mr. Mitchell toend an asylum ill she Cold
Prison till the stars was blown seer; bet even here
their connection was canonised, and, thestsh ether
poisons wets escluiled, the sealer had orders to ad-
mit Mr. Oliver without unionist. This fact we were
prepated so prove out ef she unteeth of wee inforosant,
oho stood behind es at York, when the deneocle-
lion was abode which defeated Mr. Mit t
chell's des,tu
t_
- thesis bi.yiert,

I

. 6
• •

The 11•11. WU LANS is paying bin respects lo tke 'O7 tboogit Mr. Wort-
hs. Mr. 81110110111 AN Is likely In be as much talked of,
at a mia,asesius l'aper mend at 1:1. back argent him
1.1
Herlf"""•freeholder..
1;y- celanias"-edthreorChiMull-Itearistc.noted tkouch the Primer
mr, by freeing the numerous charities from the lour'',
to persist in hi. (Melia to destroy oho hermay of iho
oth •f avarice, es Mr. WiLecaroacs was for freeirs she lay-. Iss "saki., skis, ig„ci,„•,... halo airmily said,
any wretched Aftkan from slavery. that we were prompted by • setite of pohlis duty. aid
y," As if farther to affront the tearable E,rl FITS- ib. felwehig „met ,( a low, repoweg from e
rof •it.itak, from whom the Lisktenamey sod kaisitit kiaskiy roopoctabto tarter. siotds comlrmadea
heir •the Roll., of the West of the c": 61, :r strews of the trash of oor and the ropoisty
los. leek, hes been so shokefoill settee i.th,e e"". -11.9 of mar conduct s the letter is addressed to the PrialAie
jest bees comforted om • commoner (Lord I.IIIICtL&OSis a skis Paper, aid is aapausag is the toilowieir
deal is whose ftneily met Ma a hammier Ilse Peeneied wogs—
& hIl loan age.
•
