•
I'
...4)•,•••

. .

sFX,i•-% . •

llFur

THE STATESMAN.

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

Y, octocLit 19, I:31 5:
. •

r

~~-

.... -.....1

walk

I

to Ow •eli erf relieirel for having made nar on that As. the Americans had no right to reject George III.; lates the principal articles of the Treaty of feace.—
t• lidos a 11 i s ~-rem ? At a Over 'relied Nap: !eon and all his reproaches of this •Gnverement for its ea. Semis aceessary points still remain to be regulated.—
. %tug i 11, 111 .t•ipie sore, a, esteleished religion, with. dea voila to este-lire America are' unjust, If Na. The dislocation of the troops that are to remain in
sell. hese • %et, lei Ore ere orstr Oil( on the liberty of oroteott was an Usurper, Mr. Greene is a British France, their pay, and the time they are to iemain
1,41!•4 it ore. erre rhi Ceyerement made oar against rihject.end 6 mot dislayal one too, and I would . there.
I• oresee S ill it fouele for religion ! And what, arls'is'e huh toltroare hew Ire tiros ribose% the Cleverer. ' Ocr. 10.—His Majesty the Emperor or Russia
then, oes (hie Tel which it fought for ? If for meat of his legitimate Sovereign ; for, I can assure left Dijon, on the 7th, for Basle, whence he will
e:ty ieligion at ail it tosst hese been fur that of the him, that this Goreritreent seldom forgets. It h.s make a tour of Switzerland. The Emperor after.
liouthoto, of the Noblesse, she Monks, and the trothiog to do but to aslopt his own doctrine, if he wards goes by way of Basle and Nuremberg to Bees
rri..q... It must baie beer tor tt.e. very religious, come her. and re-utter Ills oration, and, the very lin, where the Empress will meet her ;eglect consore•
es temb. we forbid oar Klee, to.profess; ugliest which next :Middlesex Sessions, he swings limn the New. ; The Grand Dukes are to leave Dijon the menet:ley to
eve snletnnly protest ; to disdains es h-•hef in %hide drop, or secures a pasolort for Botany Bay. !go to Carlsrhue and Frankfort.
..
'we compel ever) merrin whom 'ae lieeled tea ceitende. To return to your " bulwark ;" bow has it been ! His Majesty the Emperor of Austria wets to leave
If of airy religion at all,' it eis -it this religion of a bulwark of I eligion and liberty in Spahr ? In Spain, • Dijon on the.7th for Stan, %thence he mill proceed
which this Government we.; the !rtr:wark. . . Napoleon had disperied rile Monk', abolished the to Venice.
As to litter's, does ;Leto a-toried any nue to hear Inquisition, and called to meet the Itepresentritiies ' AIX-LA.C_IIAPELEE, Oce. 12.—Yesterday, al noon,
it said, thert the moment the Fr etch people shook elf of the People. The Ettglisli Govereterient interfered. we had the happiness. to see here for the first time our
'that Crowe:Arent ii hieb, in Exit-nod, had elssaes The majority of the Spaniards joist it. A Cortes is august Sovereign, King Frederick Willient lIL Ilia
b.en eleenod tr herrid ts heel, the Goverteeted of called. This body co-operated with the English Gtr- Majesty was received by. the superior Authorities,
root same Fitelatel nettle oar upon them ?• Am), vernment ageless the Fiend'. This Cortes formed a the General Corantandeert,• the first President of the
though tire Alert sieve r env distiectly wore ed, is it free Constitution for Spain. The French were es- Ilro al Rhine Provinces and of the Grand Duchy of
(rot plain, that the wi,h of this Government always -pellet) by the 'miler of Eci fazes and English the Lower Mitre, amidst the acclamations of the
' was to force the (louse of Bourbon hack (Ton a peo- troops. . The King of Spirt was restored. lie re- multitude. After having given audience to the func-
ple, who had freed themselves from their tyranny? stored the Monks and the inquisition ; he tore the firemen both civil and military, as well as to the
Bow, thee, do you justify your al 'reflation ? How free C.,ottiturion to rags ; he pit In death, banished, Clergy, his Majesty visited the Cathedral and what-
sin you maintain, that this Government has been the imprisotted, or ruined by amerceteents, all those who ever is curious iii 'our city. In the evening there was
•bulwark of liberty ? If the Geverement of the had itistiorguished themselves in the framing of that a fine ball, which it was hoped his Majesty would
Bourbons *es not a horrid despotism ; if it was not Constitution. Some of these unhappy men, having have honoured with his presence, but the fatigues of
.such a Government as to -make it the last degree of sought shelter in an English fortress, were Roden- the journey on the road from Brussels hither, leasing
baseness for the people to submit to it, the writers tiered to their pursuer.. These are notoriousfaera.— passed the nigh( in lOs carriage, hindered it. In the
•and orators of England had been for ages the most lleve you, Sir, the boldness to glen), them? If evening the whole city was illuminated. This morn-
, meliciuus of liars. And, if it was such a despotism, you say that they are false, take from your inc very early his M rjesty set nut for Cologne.
• could this Government be the Bulwark of Liberty countrymen the rewerd of your impudence : if Beeesees, Ocr. 11.—His Majesty, by a Decree
while it was labouring for the re-establish:nett( of that you acktrow ledge teem to be tree, Wroth for of Ote 11, Aug. in steer 300 articles, regulates the
:despotism ? You will, though, perhaps, a very cue- your pail folly . ‘Vithout atterntobre, to justify serve-4114er of scientific education in the Northern
ning man, find it difficult to escape from this dilem- the motives of Napoleon its seizing upon the Prosinces. Another Decree will be published for the
. - •
,ma. But, Sir, are you prepared to say, that the Throne of apein, lam not at all afraid to assume, Southern Provinces.
Government of France, civil avid religious, was, that; had it not been for the interfeeence of England,
._ ..
---
under the Bourbons, such as the people ought to Sealer would never agein have seen a Dominican, a Arr. wait,. Dee
have submitted to? Ate you prepared to say, that Jesuit, or ass Inquisition;- that she would have had ! I
the people of France ought to have continued to a Government comparatively free ; mad that those U
teetarat
endure the Bartile, Corvires, Seigneurial Oppres- oppressions, against which the people of Spain are , 00
• sinus, and the exuctions of the Church, together with now endeavouring to make head, would not have etc- : ____ __ .____ __ _____
. the want of Liberty of Conscience? If you are, you isted. In this case, then, has the English Govern- puce mssTocoo Tuts
must be a very unjust and cruel man; you must be meat been the bulwark of Religion and Liberty ? It 'tees ON
.destitute of humanity. if you are not, bow can you. might act wisely for its own immediate interest. It 3, l'e,.‘r ZoTt. crl,,cd., •b•
t?,tl
justify the calling of those the Bulwark of Liberty, might see great dab rto itself in the annexation of 4 '4,',., ones etio 'l7
.who from the first dawning of the Revolution in Spain to Franco. if you-call it the bulwark of the 5 teen Sleet. efts:. See Xi
France, showed their hostility to the French people system of sway in England ; agreed; but, as to re-.__o,—
and to the change that they were making. • ligion and liberty, it has, in this case, at any rate,
And what ;has been the resat( ? Has this Govern- •been any thing but a hal week. •
meet %hide boasts of eempitleMpccess,observe,proved . It has, indeed, given a King to the Dutch, which ;...
itself the .Bulwark of labodi in France ? By the you will of coot se, say is notoriously favourehle to
tp
money as Inch it has paid to dean Courts and ar- liberty ; but, are the restoration of the Pope and the i
relies, it has been able to carry hack the Hombre's in Jesuits equally favourable to religion ? Come; say 1
'spite of the French people, who haul, lest year, so it ! Congratulate your Presbyterian colleagues in i
decidedly cast them out a second time. Ir is quite the Assembly wills the perfect restoration of his An interesting question mey error 'be asked, if
eta tr. that the people of France 0410 r the Bourhoes, Holiness to sO his eights, temporal as well as spi.
there were any hope et its being satisfactorily an.
•cr that the invadess erase been 'sudsy eat nernstroug titu el. Cosigratulete them, make processions, and
treachery. The. sigree we have beheld is this: the put up thanksgivings for the rise of the Popedom Am! • veered—ls the Government which is attempting to
Bourboir King marolling to Paris over the carcasses the extinction of the Republics of Europe. Cotre; he established in France likely to he peimenent ?
of the slereortered people. We seer the English and flout the Devil for •nce. Put him out of countemuwe If the Allied Sovereigns are attereptin; to establish
,Geretran armies occupy ttre capital and great part of by this unparalleled instance of impudence and
an'exolic order of things, ureic!, meet perish the inn.
the countre...They proclaim themselves the friends of hypocrisy. went their artificial aid is eithdrietr, ,they ore in.
,the King. The Soimeigns and-Commanders are ca. If, indeed, you were to style your own general
Yessrd by hien. They lay the people of all ranks and Government the bulwark of liberty, you would have deed engaged in a tack as rif:irufnus as it is hopeiris.
degrees.ueder heavy contributions. Our Newspapers some ground to proceed on. 'flint Government af- —The nature of their plant is certainly sadly at 1:3.
tell us, that they sometims shoot, sometimes f 1,,;, the fords au asylum to nll men. It welcomes all, rod dancer with the soil, and (heir way of giving it an
French people. Now, either the French people pp. treats ail ;like. It has beds but flew wars, one to iititileianue root in the country and .1 claim to the
prove of the King, or they do ant. If they do, this protect its citizens against impressinent, and ilia
is wanton cruelly auel most foul treactiery, on the other two against those piratical "States, which plun• sopport and favour of its inhabitants, is far from
part of those in the ply of England : if tees do vet, der untiffeneling mariners, and ram them to cruel is meeting a hope that the tree of Bourbon autheri.
they are now under a G•verument toter-el on them ceptisity. These barbilitors, to Vie shame of Europe, ty will long flourish in France. That nation, with
by foreign trayoutos urged en by English motley.— hare, for centuries, committed their robberies null the exception of a very few ignorant and bigoted
Take your choice. Swat yourself upon which horn . cruelties with impunity. It is notorious, that this
individuals, looks ninon the house of BOURBON:as
of the dilemma you please; and thence to your ic- bulwark Gotertialent had it in its power to destroy
the Upas, which poisonvall its ha mess and every
dignant countrymen repeat, if you are foslish , those nests of barbarous wretches at any time. But,
enough, that the English Ministers and their forces instead of this, it
_has cultivitted. friendship with branch of it as alike deadly ; and until those quail.
arid money are the bulwark of liberty in. Fiance. them, has had Envoys at their Courts, made them : ties are expelled which are destructive of vital health
Your countrymen, in 1776, inveighed most bitterly princely presents. Sir Sidney Smith, we are told, anus dry up all the sources of national prosperity
against this same Government for endeavouring by besought the Alike, at the Congress of Vienna, to
and cOntente oho can expect that France will re-
feree of arms to hold them in a state of subjection to afford him the means or checking their depredations.
s?
a Soverejgn under *bosses% ay they had been singer- No. Sir Sldirey is 'no conjuror. But (he Anseriesus P°se under such a shade We hear much of purifi-
laity prosperous, liappy,and free; under whose sway come across the AtlantiO; seize hold IlOthena; shake , Fallon being the order of the day with the Goveree
oppression was unknown ; wider whose sway. your them as a dOg shakes' a rat • comfiels them to sli'se :meat and Chambers—every thing, and name, and
country men boasted of their liberty. If this Go- gorge tkeitephowriere to. pay -for-their tnicrOnduct, ro. CharacterI which is not made up of homage to
vernment was, in that case, -the enemy of 'oe ty ; set their captives free, and to promise not to offend
if it then merited the reproaches and the cusses be. against America any more. -
l'hii is, torleed, being a royalty and fidelity to that blood which France and
st awed upon it ; if to employ German armies on that bulwark of liberty. This is to use.power in a pro. virtue have so long disowned, is regarded as taint.
occasion deserved your eeecrations, how do you re. per manner. When power is thus used it is just to ed with the pollution of sedition and disloyalty ;
coned- it to justice to call it now the Bulwark of Li. , wish it to be increased. _.
-I fist we see no sign of purification being eitended to
bed). ?—(lad not the people of France as good a' The plunder which has been committed upon the
the sources of all the evils that have long afflicted
righOto make altevolutiote as you had ?-11ad they French nation, the requisitions laid upon them, the
not a rig' tto dismiss their Sovereign as much as you insults, the floggings; they have undergone, and, per, France, that have hurried her into desperation and
had to dismiss your's ?—(lad they not as much right papa, have yet to undergo, are itli richly merited, if crime, that still desolate her, and threaten to rouse
in choosing an Kmperor,or a Consul, or an Assembly, they have preferred slavery to freedom ; and, if they her again to madness, and snake her cause (hat of all
as you bad in choosiug a Congress or a President? have not—if they are merely kept. down by force, Europe. Who sees not already what is the object
—li tOey were rebels, you were, and are, rebels.— these flogging.; will, before three years have passed,
of .
he I3ounuoes and their Allies? ' The liberty
Your Rerolutioto is poly fourteen year older than have an excellent effect. As to the ,plunderiug of t
theirs. l'.' the Bourbons have a eight to reign in the Museums and the Galleries, the things theme be- which they said they came to esethlielt is already
France, havioe been restored to :lie throne by force, longed not to the Bourbons. I would dither they proved to be the bitterest, the most oppressive, and
there can be no doubt, that the King of England has should all have been consumed by fire than re- degrading slavery—every appearance of freedom and
a right to stisdoe von, to reign over you, and to main in their possession.' They will have France independence is taken away—representation is made
employ foreieer armies for Ike purpose of his restora. what France ought to be under them ; and,
lion, aged also, as in the case of Louis it Desire, to when France it any thing else, it will be theirs no worse than a worthless shadow—it is denied upon
girii-on your towns in order to insure and to perpe. longer. This, instead of a day of modification, is , mere suspicion, nth) the will of a desootie Council
tuate your sul.jeceion. - a day of triumph, to the Republicans of Franca. of Princes is set up in its stead. Noise but the pa.
There is an Oration, which I have seen, delivered While they bore sway, all Europe was couching at rashes, the willing slaves of this desiertientOS are wi-
ll a Mr. Greene, at Cliarie;ton, South Carolina, the feet of their country. Then, who dared to talk
misled to the councils
of comcnmeiit ;
and Ilene
ou the Oth of July last, in %bids that Gentle:Alta, of insulting a Frenchman? Then, who did not trem.
in very elogueutelanguege, afire branding the Eng. ble if France frowned ? Then, what Sovereign ier
tire to call themselves the Representatives and the
lish Gorerameot with every epithet and term epees- Europe, was there who did not seek to conciliate the voice of the French nation—the miserable repre.
eery to describe Iy-ornery and fraud, is its courloct Great Nation ? Now, the Bourbons being restored, spot:llion of& miserable amid ignorant minority,mearily
towards America, ;luring the two wars with her, France is the scorn of those whom her republican
triumphing in the litdrofavour which its excess of ser-
rails Napoleon an Usti' per, and seems to lament the legions made fly before them like dust; and French.
decamping of the g mod Louis, and to join is itii our men are flogged by those, who, when they were Re- vility.has obtained ! and upon this narrow and rer-
arivtites in their abuse of the French. There is publicans, would have licked their feet. Such is the the eiallecterto isdom
I) • Witty very un.-Atias.like basis,
something so unjust its this, that we overlook its change wrought by the restoration of the Bourbons. of Europe is to repose the success of eel! its efforts—
folly. Napoleon was without power. He was de- Such is the price which Frenchmen are paying for
the security of Lotos's 'throne, which they. have
siitate of all means of for. ate hioself upon the peo- that restoration.
• pie of France. lie returned from elite. lI laboured so much to restore, the fabric of France's
er was WM. CORBETT.
received with acclamations of joy. It was not a' • national happiness, and the peace Red safety of Ete.
__
regular arid scrutinized election ; but there is no ; , rope! None but wise men car, discover the wise—tese
man oho will seriously pretend, if he has any re. i BRUSSELS PAP ERS.
' wise airdoreat, seldom united, of tour day have made
Gard for his character, that Napoleon was not the 1
a most notable discovery—they have found out flot
choice of a vast m.joritv of the French people.— SWITZERLAND, OCT. 4.—Gen. Kosciusko passed
How, then, does Mr. Greene make hitn out an through Bette, incog. about a fortnight i
since, and s the tradcwer the basis on which they are to build their
Usurper I—lf he was, so was General Washington; gone to the interior of Switzerland. projected edifice, the more securely will it staid.—
so have all your Presidents been ; nod so are you, The arrival of the Emperor of Austria at Bade They, no doubt, mean to craw their own toles the
cellfesseeiry—cbo:tnpasceivhias vwehehtestirodneolfnie eit)sptget::: vt
ofagbivriecswtmovo,
leen, the pro.ceeding* a
Sir, in the State of Nlaseachoseits, when, though seems to be put o till the 10th inst.
you are the Governor, throe were great numbers to The Duchess of Basilan° arrived on the %Slit Sept.
vote assainst you, and great numbers who now think at Basle, with her family, going to join her husband
fall altogether. It will be see,,
of the French Legislative Chathltede. ivelrich 'msa ws
that no one is
you unworthy of your post. But Mr. Greene is at Praone.
flagrantly inconsistent with himself; for, if the
ledge to be ruled by 800 al influence,
FRANKFURT, Oct.
signed 9.— futsiiithheFnraignhcte)ofwt
hhiech2dstiinpset: 1
French people had not a right to reject the Betirbons, a Convention

kAnTn. (7.14Y1.51-)16"1.54)"4 •
'Win Bon& 2 1 p
Ezehecrirr Hifi.. 4 p
Ouinielm 11 415
Console for Acc. 61i

.Lm•lN•lmma..••
