‘N

Test—Mat raw he taken from them who ahem them, and
11,..11 to thorn who hose St. MOW to ine thew.
[ Tase—The Marisala& Hynes.
Mr. Gait Joins said, that it was a new feature
ID the history of Kaglesti. that airy day brought
seesaw additiosal mammy that we were 14 to be
Mond to person oar old habits, bet that 4 were
esespellsel to adopt new and enknows ones. What
wee his astooishmest—what, he might add, was his
isigostion, at baring that on ibis dey; which ought
to have bees kept so a day of festivity by all classes,
isemech es it brought home to them a real English.
men, who bad sot been afraid of asserting the rights
of all Englishmen--what, he would icy, was his
surprise io bearing that they were to be compelled
to bate a Police officer at their elbow, and spies is
their company, to take notice of every syllable that
they said ?—The presence of a Magistrate et each a
moment was a direct knelt on all the company.—
(Ilear, hew l)—lie oraistained that the speedo
which all of them had that day witoAsed was of a
most extraordinary kind : it was not, as in costested
elections, the triumph of use candidate ever soo-
ther. sod soother rival undidate: it was sot the
triumph of woe faction over another faction, bet it
was the triumph of ea honest and a genuine Eaglish.
man over that threefold mossier —a Minister's',
Magisterial, and Military despolime.—( toed op-
plaww.)—Coold there be as auk sere entitled this
this to be celebrated in such a moon as this event
had been celebrated? There could sot by any pos-
sibility be such as tweet, as he was therefore glad
to see the spectacle of a whole peopte• posting it.
self forth in one motioned tide to anima' the
approach of a own whorl the military—no, net
the military, bat the Yeomanry—bad eadoeveured
to hack sod hew into pieces, and who, bet for
a miracle, most have bees their victim. The orator
thee recaphelated all the cireenntesees under Which
Mr. Heat had bees take, into custody : end argued at
tome tenth apes the atrocity of wading a (reap of yen-
Seery to *barge opera mamma body of their &Iles.
coestrymes, who wore Bataan to sentiments of so
jest a eater.. that sot eves the Yeomanry, nor even
Mr. Bind, is the gallery, could possibly cathodic,
them.—(Loughter.)—He also inintaieed, that if Mr.
Heat had shot the Military Officer to the heist wbe ,
served the (marmot open hies, he would have boos
folly justified by the laws of his teentry. 'Chia oes
a point which seed to be perfectly sederstond.--
There was so going back ; the sword of the Gore's.
meat bed been drawn ; they had left off sappieg sad
mining by the old meats of corruption and sophistry,
and made a direct appeal to virrieece. Bet the elas-
ticity of the English character would °sly be snapped
to their destruction, if they persisted is attempting to
hear it down by direct oppressies.—(lppletese.)--
After remarking that'Mr. Heat bed ea that day es.
tared the British metropolis like so Alesander, he
sad that be hoped that be (Mr. ilea) bad that day
made a conquest over the prejudices of his coastry.
Men. As to a conquest over the Goversment, it was
of little value, as the basest slave Wight obtain a vie-
tory over that; bet whether he bed 'biased a vie-
' tory over it or so, he was sore that Mr. Host bad
succeeded in gaining a still greeter victory—be mesa
a victory over himself. (Cheers.) U. ahead. there-
fore, propose the health of " Henry Hest, &q. the
sealing sod consisteat advocate of medial Reform,
the (rimed ef heseeity, sad the fearless champion a
the people's rightsegenst saioistorial,magisteriel, esti
'military despotism."—(Lord cheering, which Wei
for several minder )
In the midst of these cheers Mr. Hunt rose, sad
when they had subsided, commenced Isis speech by
asking permission of the company, in returning his
thanks for the honour they bad done him is drinking
his health so enthusiastically, to set off by saying
1 that dining the whole course of his political life he
i bad always done that skies in his conscience he be.
tiered to be right, and had never gone either to the
right or the lett to f any ;very, or uphold soy
prejudice. Sorb was the infirmity of human nature,
that all men must sometimes err ; and at certain pe.
dour even the best of men with the best intuitions,
committed great errors. Bet *Weser errors he had
1 committed during life, he woad be bald to say, that
I they bad all lowed from the had, but had sever Ice.
trationaly come from the heart.—(Lood cheers.)—
For him to attempt to my any thing of his political
life would be to entertain them with a subject of
which they bad beets eye witnesses ; be would, how.
ever, say thus mach, that from the earliest period of
Ida life, he hod been attacked by the whole press of
liagloOd, as well as by the slaves of the Court • in.
deed, he thought he might my, in the language Of his
1 Mead Cebbett, that, perhaps there was set a sin.
I,glis printing press or a type in the cosstry
sebkh bed not at some time been used to vilify, els-
roweesent, end obese him. What was the cause of
ell this hostility ? Because be had always professed
to think, sad had always endeavoured to act for the
benefit of the people, without any reference to the
good or ill will of any petty. Many of they
most be avers that he bad persevered through good
report and through bad report, through every hied
of obloquy sod slander, is that course volikh he
bed marked oat for himself; but " thank
God," there he was, to rap the reward of
his inertias. from the heads of his grateful fel.
low.coaarymen.--(Greet eq7lenise.)—A man
might be vilified for a time—he might eves be best
down to the earth by the slanders of a corrupt
Prers—but the cerise of truth was certain, *ven-
ially to triumph. and to meet with these rewards to
shirk it was entitled.—(Alleatcuss.)--Ue had always
been of opinion, and in that opielmo he Iles POW con-
firmed, that the people never deserted a public ass
lis England, until te hod first demoted the people.—
(Applaure.)—Yeribieg bet this convict's* being
fusty engraved on his mind, could have supported
him ender the various persecetims sod smelts to
1 which lie bad been tapered, eves from shims who
meet heed.in.biawd with him—(Cheers.)—Wbes be
had beets himself attacked by the Whigs—when OS
another time he had bees assailed, eves by the friewis
of general liberty, because he did not give in to Omit
coerces—whew he was assailed as a spy of the Go•
lierumetst, sad with other epithets equally vile and
I ' latrocious be consoled himself by the traveller' shut
.
justice would be ultimately done to his vices. The
11 irst time that ho was attacked wee when as 'Magee
was carried an by the Whigs to bring is Mr. Broug-
ham aloog with Sir F. Haden for the city of West
Blaster. Oa that occasion he bad 'spend the psi!
_ .

by ibis Hew amoselei to 3.50 al imet, salted quietly,
shill Mr. Hem, attended by Mr. bloodless" sad
sew* other penesps, made his appeerasee. They
wee lewdly sod reposMdly cheered ow their "strew*.
sod It was ettasheeesly carried that Mr. Hest shield
alp the Chair.
• Mr. Hest bevies totes the Chair, lb. eempsey
sat down to asset, et the courtesies of which,
steak was called 10e sell thebstid (the same that bed
"weeded the Prom4os) played Bak Mahn& and
Ce kit, both el *MA were teethed with hood and
aggerrotts Deplane.
. Meet wig to addesse the eampasy, sod was
!!!shot with a dorm ,of Wheelies to whiels it is
the prima of loop* &Ai justice.
Me byre by Isforedliteit dot Doss the reseptios
which the Inlithifsete /If WaleopMblthillhet day
glees Mot, he thdbilitt Met Is might be permitted to
sddrese them by die emberlog de el (deeds end
fidlow.mistrysses.— (Alphus, eweespaeled by
some teetelt, which oohed forth a cry of sewer )
His wish that they shield be idlest, sad his satirips-
Soo that they wield 110 es, were' ea 'moot that he
hod sot repeated his usual esbortaties to them, that
those who were eszkiss to beer *sell set distorts
the peace tithe Meetimg Vanity ellesee.—(Cheers.)
It wee his dot, as Chairmen of Ilse Moeda; to waned
ter the abreacts of Sir C. Waled,, who had been se-
snowed to the mobile as the perms who was to pre-
side owe the eempaq whom he thus had the letorrer
of immieg before hie. It suss tree that that Geetlemas
kllti bees invited to take the chair; bet, eefortneately,
She levitation calling open him to accept the chair,
ins sin put into his hoods till it bad bream too late
to accept it. He had only left that Hen. Baronet
lb. night before lest, and hi cookd lateral them at
that lime he had mode up his sled to milted their
preset meeting, aloe. with their toe patriotic Soli-
citors, Mr. Harmer end Mr. Peers... Is cense-
weer., how,,.', of the pehlie Joentals baying
published it to the world that mete goarreilleg bed
Woes ones( the hinds of Refers, regard's( the
persons tube were to bate the tegelatios of this die.
ger, Sir C. Welsply bad refused to attend It. As
Chairman of the Meeting be should have seven' op-
portenities of eddressieg them : at the saws time he
thought It fit to tell thee, that if any person of soy
party or of any faction should attempt to address
them, sod aboold sot be lodeiged with a besting, he
should Immediately leave the Chsir.—(ifitpletste.)—
They bed already heard by means of the mobile Press
of many of the atrocities which .bad bees recently
committed ; hot he sheald have to detail to them
many circumstances which had occurred In Ihe North
with which they were Welly usacquainird. Ile al•
laded to the massacres which had lately been peeps.
Mated at Manchester ; mad if, after be bad made these
details, Lord Castlereagh or Lord Sidmostb eboold
attempt to soy that there was soy thing false or errs.
goons is them, he Masted thst they weeld give these
Noble Lords a patient bearing: if they did set,
be
should most unquestionably less. the room.--
It was seedless for him to shinve, that he bad been is that
room when indiviesals had hem presented hem MI
their scatiesesto by el.anour sad Cute ; bet he tellieedietZ
me etch occurrence amid sue plate Mat meals& mit
sum
their day as ors sad as SMOGS le sake every
have the liberty of —(1.01 sheen.)—T
heard foes Me riot .—(la
militant shop he Win
weak eat pram fee many mere, homed, weds
had a retiring skeyaf it from stoomponyisg lbestamt
gate to woe. mie was use mom foe eat Initsbiag
moth at permed; Men was also estother. which he talk he
postdated fee slisdieg so.- It was eswi to take up Ilk at
them Meettiiiir, the es or mew. as/ to retest te
by it from heard, who were /votress of delivering he
sessimests. phis he tom tit tenalsed, if possible, to ew-
ammo eo lbleestaimi-.-(Applaeve.)-11 was Imbessible fur
ss* May that he had been retitled wish to reception
he wtiell
had am day amperteseedi it was of web • amareas Sew
berme a doubt Is what hreetioa tee tier of public %gum
2.1,4.
_it was clearly la favour of Keens g and MO
bane had beer onforteentely retarded
heel the schism Iv
vast
prevailed swum its advetesits, mill motel wat they
bury ail their comnivenies tad 211 their
that
is wee A&
. •iee.—(lesselapplasse.)—lle was sem that every laglidimm
felt wpm this solvvet as he did, as/ she'efore trussed Mal whre
as attempt am 'wade to hold gentle We. breech, me man weahl
be so woe as Is skew set the apple of disconl.—( Applanse.)
lie shoal/ iedoed be the veriest fool alive, sad the moot com-
plete idiot that ever rained, if he did bet allow that the late
sweats at haathmor had paced hiss athe phowatle of papa.
tartly, as obey bad ;dared-him them, It would be esbeceostag is
bias. if be did me call epos all desks of Wormers le bury in
Wicks their former castes of disagremmayead with hoed
ose mart Is tau great object, which ell ;sums es& sew to
lave is view, without camirg rellemieen on any maw, or ally
Welly of onea.—( A pplasee.)--Lvery was of common wise meat
he "ensnare that so pasty is *whale room do any Oleg w
ith-
Out the sesiesaace of the peupk; apd that the people 'wean" tee
sessibkor Weir rights', be led by the awe by the oephictical de-
elnemilla of 'sweated individuals.— (A pplame.)—t s ambe,-
tztedesy of sham whom he saw meembled before bee to do
which Amid lase to their ranee the animas« of any
Mese efUhrtsy. He therefovedesired them te "beak from ail is-
vidlansmd hdlinalliatery langasgetwo Mat, nee Hoke, had • Pe.
lite la Mak compady even limey were beeessred by
the Ilk. threw (and behold rather • preseetimeat that
that Omdreme hesse wery_sylisble that be (Mr. Iles)) uttered,
Y he had bete MN MM Mr. Biroie lad mile Ins appearance
that riming mama Men sem la the gallery) se Message Worm
be Was by their wades He Mould advise Mr. Hinter to at-
seed faitbrally N what was saki, sad Wally thieg wren was
said. to ruse forward ioseamly sal refute It t if be Wowed so
do so. he was net fat the aerial oiler which he held, oar
was be either a wise Sr a Striten.—(Hear, War, hear I)—lie
amid mole him, that it be (Mr. Dinar) was inclined to come
forwent in tt.ia muter. be would pledge himself to am all Ms
authority as Ciminmast to oblate foe him a patine Minnie& Mr.
&title was a skeane a respectable ma., aside rattiness, per-
faudy capable of tsar:wing to people. He beard that such
to every refit of him; he bad elperiested the sunhat it him-
self. Mr. ftsie ought therefore to come forward to inkrect them
Ifs eisauvoeg. All Mai they asked wa. inrormetios: it sta.
puts that they bed let down tensile priski elm t if they were wrong ,
le Mamie, It Its only Anise that they shwa/ be set tight; hat
thee if aim be by the fit!!e of hvgument, by the fens of truth,
owe W @wefts/ of principle. He was quite sure that every
mss MI that so tuber force wield do; as, sot *WI though II
writ list of the bloody Magistrates as /I am:heeler —( Loyd and
sesellekede traming.)—He bad arm 'aid what was quite
fleet as a peeled', ad as be should ham the opportuany of
aidteming ilea again before the dearer the resales. he timid
toot trespass farther epos their Moe than to remind them, that
every aim who bed mild far his ticket was as math retitled
to madras them as he.' aaj abet friend of Unseen& Suffrage
at
pip. that usteneat kappreed to be in the nielia.—(ltepesitrd
ellen )
r. Hoot thee give as • toast,
• legitimate power—the People;
coneperin Hero cower.

gas,.
Amami Patßamesh, aftll Vote by Hal-
la of every Britm
with Wee lists three, aad was
tone of (a It..

meninty or ire afftwipen. me. ore.
vets radecred 464 Mucksier au Ike

of the LeoL
ceases!, ►o•wn by the title of
ireliace bled; bet is in sanity •
Scettish melody, b•rio11 sonstising of
TMlb•dit will •t onto
its applicatioa is tkt ►leackettr

•=1.1110.••• 0•• • . ----
--W---- " •
leaded potriollem of the Whigs; and the conseqesece sAierd Of Mrs lank stud to the Otahandent *.
was, that whew be bad driven them free the field, Yeomanry.- That gallant offi;er`had come tip
they bad wo ether resource than to report him as the Ito Is with blesteiine swaggering sir, an I clued
spy of the Geternetent. When be thought it right epo es e al ifs isd a torrent wing
to tapes the condect of those who bed been better I him (. r. le . • ot.isesoy accustomed to 'erten•
friends of liberty thee the Whigs had ever shown i der to snit he gelled for • civil one.
themselves to be (rightly or weevily, he would I Perhaps be ' is jf stifled in blowing oat .
set' ear pretend to decide); bet when be did i the officer's brain., as hks friend Jones bad said ; but
so capes them, they too sent it oat to the world ,as be use not defendini himself, hot the cause of
that he was a sily of the Government.—( Loud I which he was the warm supporter, they should hue
chws, end cries of " No, yes sever rccre.")— I cat him In pier., sooner than he would have raised a
Whatever these two parties might have thought him finger.—(Load endow )-011 dolt occasion, bow-
ie be, be was always the smooch friend of liberty, ever, some kited supreme power hail protected him.
and being se, the stomach friend of Universal Suf. As he passed along in the unholy of the police.offi.
forge; for the only distinction which be knew be. cers, he was assailed by the sabres of the Yeomanry
twee. liberty aid slavery was this—that those who Cavalry, and the trencbeens of the cdnslables. Incas.
made laws for themselves wets bee, whilst those who anises *Ph theYeatnenry, Nadia himself *asbestine. t
hid laws wade far them by idlers were arrant slaves. Thera were several who had determined with the con.
—(Lesid applevre.)—Ache bad ihibibed these piaci. stables to have him wondered. They (the constables)
pies is early life, be had since constantly advocated were to bare pushed him forward, and then Nadirs was
shed; sod is doing so be kid sever beard any men to have cried oat " An escape," on which the Yee.
lay that Englishaten slight to be slaves :therefore, till emery were to have lashed forward and pet him to
he was cosviseed that some mem overt to be slaves, he the sword. This would have been masted. had be
would maistale that all men ought to have a share in not kept Nadi. himself in custody, instead of at.
tbeßeprestotaties.—(Applease.)—llecouldeely. say. tempting to escape from him.—( Loud Leughler.)—
that io going to Mancbester he had been actuated by There was another renew of the tome of Willingham
the purest motives. Ile bad been iovited by a large (dam was no need to casual his name, as be had
body of the peopletoatiend a peblicMeetingwilich they !masted of the thine), whb followed him with &cocked
bed called. This be felt himself booed to attend to. pistol, taking olio at him all the way to the hes.*
Ile bad been accused of reining here and there In where the Magistrates were sitting. lie (Mr. Ilea)
sand( of these bleeds', ; now, be would say, that contrived. however. to keep Nadin almost between
!Skid sever invaded soy Meeting where be hod not himself and the ruffian, so that this scheme also Mika
se much right to be present ss any Liveryesse of the eluded —(Appirrese, and crier of " Shaati.")—Mr,
City of Leedom bad to be present ate Cosmos- Hint then detailed 'arises other acts of atiocity which
Hail (Cheers), eacelding, (-deed, it might be at he witeessed ow that occasion: bet we forbear to issue
Manchester. Ile was a freeholder of Somersetabire, tbes here, as they have been already before the peblic.
be was a freeholder of Wiltshire, be was a house- Ile perticelarly commented on what the cowardly,
keeper of Hampshire, he was likewise a Liveryess• creel coodoet of a General Officer of the name of Clay,
of Londe.: and oh he stisided at Wesleyan- who, with a thick knotted cudgel, esdeasooted to
stet, be was lilies in Westminster, sod contributed knock his brains oat, as he was eacending the steps
as freely is direct Suss as any of its testate. So to the been of the Magistrates.. Another bassos
such then for rash% op and down I. attend these irked of this gallant officer bad snitched Mr. Best's
Meetings. At the NM time it was only fair state, het. in artier to give the het,. a better opportawity
that be Defer bad been instrumental to the calling of esegoting • h:s purpose.— (indignant cries of
of any one of them. Ile bad not called either ss Shame!")—He also commented in terms of strong
of the Meetings is sida.fields„ or in Smithfield; inoteostion on the choree of cowardice brought
bet after the compliment had been paid him against him in the Courier, end asserted that the wily
of inviting him to preside there, he would not time be complained of the conduct of the constables
beim bees doing his doty to his canary had be was epos their beating him violently with their true.
wet accepted the invitation : indeed, hall the cheeps as he proceeded along a dark passage. He
Frieeds of Liberty would have stated that be had then turned to them, and said, a• What! would yos
shrunk from his defy bad be declined tbees.—(Cheers ) murder a man in the dirk?" Ile neat elleded to the
—Of the leading circotaterices which occurred at speech of G. Jules, end said, that after the display of
Moseibester, flies who bad read The Times, the eloquence' which that Gentleman bad made, he should
air, the Glebe, and On Steieseesn, would be fully not attempt or; be eloquent himself, bat should eon.
lefisemet There were certain facts, however, wlich fine himself to a bare recital of the facts. Ile was
sent sail yet before the pease, and which with their marched throve% two ranks of the 15th Flosses to
yeeesimies he scald state.—(Appleese.)--A peece- the New Bailey, or, as it is called in the North, to
.Me multitude were assembled to discuss a candle. se the Manchester Home." There they were kept
Oast gouda,. So anteinced were they of the peace- nine days in solitary confinement. A Gentlemen
able inteoliess of the Magistrates, that many indivi- then in the room was marched there along with thus
deals in it brought their wives sod children along with (anodise, no doubt, to Mr. Tyas); and he vivid
them. The first Meeting called was said to be illegal, tell them, if be chose, what the pleasures of a solitary
sad therefore was laid aside. The second was to cell were. He was, however, brought up neat day,
Sake lute consideration tbe most Intel sod effectual and the Magistrates, after finding that be costa give
seethed of °Noising Reform. The Magistrates could them a proper dressing, pallet; gave him fail die-
sot call it illegal. They stock op no placards stating charge. The rest of the Poisoners were, however, do-
lt to be so. An interval of a week parsed over, end, seined longer, sod the utmost •ettrietiov applied
from the son.appeerance of any placard, the meld. to them. His friends West soh Pears.. serve
,lade stippled that they might safely attend it. The not allowed to come near him, theses she hum
Magistrates gave so intimating of doh designs, bet was kis 'Money. He Stela asked of the blights's*
lulled the Retelluers late a fatal wall. 're show to allow as attorney of their own fawn to Visit him.
bow completely Ibis was the fact, be would mention This indulgence was dulled to his, tinsels la any
as oceerreece which related to himself personallY• other place it would have bees granted to a emu
It was repotted on Os Friday Evening, and' its guilty of high tresses. The fleet subject of which
report proceeded from the Police.office, that a war. he bad to complain was, that be had bees broogist op
not had been Weed against ble ier peshieg over the for fiaal elimination without even five sleet& no-
apple.stall of as old wens se his earth% into tics ; aid then the prisoners wee* informed, that
Manchester on the Monday preceding, and that these worthy blegistretes, after wading two of their
it was the kiwi.° of the Millialrac7 to elect" it biond.hoesds to Losdoa to we if they could not
'at the hustings, to order to roe the Wild of break- sell nut some charge of high treason; efts consult.
leg the peace, and to impale the outrage to the Be- leg with lb. sapient Gerd Mayor, Se ere if he could
formers. In eenserosee, be immediately took his not troop up sane ow plot &pima theso_(e sigh);
base sad gig and dries dome isle the town, which after coastline; Lord Sidonstb, the geolor.geseral of
was the oily time be had left his friend's hoe= titeceettry(cheersendlitagfrk4,that Devised abst-
ains, his arrival is that seighboahood. Ho respect.
folly informed tile Magistrates, duo If they bide War- ever 'listed of charging tins with high tomes, end
therefore that job was to be adjoin's' le a Were
rant again him for any reel or apposed offence, be day.—((;heers end lawghler.)—Tbey brought against
was reedy to surrender or give bail le it. The M.gis. them a charge of a eonspiracy to alter the laws by
train, after having tasked wise at sub other, or is fore, and lintels, sad among the cesspirsters Were
Use words of one of the Jeannette, " basing stared wows enfeebled by the etre' violist. et tbe yen.
with ast4shment at the map," told him that they toon,(Lo„ggyer.)—ber. Hunt thee detailed to the
had lessW so warrant for his opprelsetssion, and that company the treatment of Elisabeth Gaunt, the
be had bees egregiously deceived. Now bow did aefortenate female. whose case has already appeared
they think this circeentsoce bed beendescribed in the at length In the Se4resm4,r. His acceout was
Thera t Why, it was called " another beau" Ilit the needy similar la every respect to that which we gave,
past of the orator." This line of conduct, for which escept that Mr. Hunt added what we believe has set
sty other man would bambino praised in the Tames, yet appeared in print before; that et the time Mrs.
*bleb for certainty of informatioo was one of the
Gavot was so ill used, she was far gone in her reg.
moat respectable Papers, was reprehended because minty. 'fbe whole of the cue, el gives by Mr.
edepted by him. Well, Moodily came, and se peace- Hest, produced repeated bursts of indignities
able were the people, that est of 150,000 persons, throoghout the room. Ile nest adverted to de
skis Is his opinion, were present, 80,000 at least manner in which be bad been hurried off to Lin-
gers lumen and children. Ile bad not bete on the caster Castle, though his bail o ere ready at *kitchens.
bootlegs ten minutes before the Yeomanry appeared Bail was in attendance for himself and friends, bet
at the grated end drew their swords. This was not he needed refreshment—so did 'bey. Ile bad beta
',slimly a new spectacle to Idea. In 1807, at Brae. foiling through the whole day, three or
witeeses in
fear boas
dee-hill, a Meeting of the people was sorrounded by of which he bad ealsiested in easndaing
a stress cordon of Militio,Yeomaney, end Regularss a close and crowded Court. Il• wished for a cop of
sod be bid in coesequessce pet to the Meeting some tea and a change of linen. The persons SAO were to
of the strongest Resoletions shish be bad re= bail his retired also to refresh themselves. While
seen passed is his life. Mr. Hunt thee detailed they were await, he was soddenly forced with his
the advisee of the Yeomanry to the hustings, friends, some of whom had been baudcaffed, into
through a compact mass of fatty thossed mew, the 1./howler coach, which drove oft as it oppeared
is which they killed two. aid ausesded 50 persons. afterwards, for fear they should be bailed •Ithoot be-
There was Sot a single inter raised to mitt Oleos log eabibited to the Teemaory who lived on the road
nor the slightest appendant made. Ile bad in the between the two places, and to whom a promise bad
valises addresses which he had seat oet at Manchester, been made that Mr. Rent sod his friends should be
desired the people to come to be Meeting unarmed, carried through es captives. lO this estremity Sir
tin every sea" a the laud. Is dein ses perhaps, be Charles Wolsely bad proved hims
elf a flitted indeed,
laded wrong ; he never would act so again.— for be was a friend in need. Finding that they had
(Chess.)—Unless some of the bloody murderers been carried off far want of bail, although there was
were braved to jetties, be never would pot a word ample bail actually in attendance, the Baronet took
OP paper tramming the people to meet unarmed post.chaise and set of after them, and arrived in the
spiv. He had refined to let them come armed; deed of night at Lancasur. Mr. Hest was bailer',
and it was in his reflection,_ that by bringing them std speedily released from a dungeon, six feet
swarmed 600 bad bees badly cal sod dreadfully ;by eight, the worst be bad ever sees or bead al
weeeded. Os conklering that circumstance, It the "um,. Well, what was the goose.
was *idols his contemplation, *bat these very , eeence I His enemies theoght that they had
people might, 011 his release from prison, have cot undone hie. Wbets he was released, he bad see
hi= is Piel=as for suffering them to come together !treed on bis mind that the people, being se es•
without asms. Austad of this, the only attacks 'speciosity, treacherously, and cruelly meted,
which bid been =ads upon him were fro= lb* vile might base imagined that he bad led them isto that
MSS. lis was received by the
.. entilitrre" with the danger with a previous knowledge, •and that his r•'•
seat allhainsts !do Pe
se el w! Ai Ault Inv pealed 'street* to the people sot is take eel Will

Tier pal) seam of all I
•Tabuit—Silt a d coal
grh• mot tort yea
Usissrssl &Mar. A
(et--tae ardasbled Oils ,
It wts received w
!chewed by the tone
Toot—The immortal
swiss sad cailitta, *ls
Met Ascot.
Tese—:/le Lead
Mil is the air ci
Fouls who Ass as' it
very eaciset Scottie
tite drunter el a
en tbe preptiettor
'tat.]
