PARIS, Nov. 10.

! The departure of a friend for London altods me
an opportunity of communicating to you the din.
tressed state of France, my poor country.
Is it possible that the English, so generous in the
onset, should now be privy and accessary to the pre.
Sent evilt inflicted upon France? Is it possible that
from a commercial spirit I he English calculate upon the
durability of the throne of the Botiitnoms? Is it pot,
Bible that this nation expects us Id love our most tleadl7
foes ? I cannot give credit to it ; your coutatti. ii ton
much persuaded of an hereafter, not to fear retriba.
floe itn consequence of such unjust sett. She cannot.
bot recollect that the Proclamations of her General
did not threaten war to the people, and therefore,
it cannot sanction such horrid proceedings.. 1: it
consistent or manly to ruin and lay waste b'ast'e
after such fine promises ; is it humane to tolerate
massacre for the purpose of Wog tyre'''s upon
thrones ? Will not they think themselves re.
sponsible to the Deity? NVi,y hive they not,
as it was in their power, prevented the blood of the
Protestants from being shed in torrents, accompaniiti
with all the refined cruelty of barbarians, and this
by the orders of tyrants? And can England still
•
he a free country ? By the manner in which she
looks upon the atrocious conduct of her Allies, she
appeals to have lost her freedom, or, iwrinips, she is
waiting for their departure from France to show her
Ireal and beneficent intentions. It is impossible toe:.
plain liei conduct any other way. Cau a nation be
dragooned ond edit ion of slavery, and put un.
derafam itot
ilynwllisecowere its former tyrants? Will it put
the yoke on the necks ofa people a Iresdy how ed don n to
the dust, and force them to receive the orders of the
Ministers of Papal priestcraft, which is the spirit that
now animates the machinery of Vie present Govern.
meat, anti which will lead to its destruction ? Are
we, in short, to reduce our faculties to a state of
imbecility, and unlearn every thing which 'initial,
ezperiesice, and the love of country, have tea&
us ? Are we to be ranked with Spaniards, and to be
`cursed again with convents and lying Priests? It
must not be, we will spill the last drop c(
blood, if necessary, to put a stop to these direful ca.
!amities. The English nation should not forget the
period of Louts XI V. and the revocation of the
Edict of Nantes, and should calculate upon the evils
which such a bigotted profeisiou of faith may brier
upon their own country.
