some Motion was toss brotight forward, but
was his notion of wiat it would be he would of
He waked no further explanation upon the s
than that which had been already given.
The Earl of ROSSLYN could not finally
any day : he, could only repeat that the note to
he had referred mentiontsd Tuesday.
Lord SI DMOUTiI enquired whether the motion
would brought on on Friday ?
The Earl of ROSSLYN answered, that it w(
certainly not, bud the matter dropped.
The Arthern.thonso.-W nth& *trough 1/4
CoMmittii • With—iiii—Anieliiiment moved by Lord
Viscount iiELVILLK, leovieg out the 'clause ob.
jected to yesterday.—Report to-marrow., ,
The Deeds Attestation Bill alto passed tbfot a
Committee,
• La the Appeal " Mvrckle a. Dick," after Lod-
- REDESDAGE had gone over the points of the ease
• at inme length, and a few words from the Loma
coAscELLOR, Judgment was reversed, with a re. ,
fereoce back to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, as
_I
to the Accounts.
The wish Insolvent Debtors' Amendmeat
passed through a Committee, and was reported. Bill)
Thtf House went into a Committee ma the Irish
Endowed Schools Bill. Au objection being made to
r• lite of the clauses by Lord REDESDALE, the Chair-
loan left the Chair, and the Committee was ordered
to sit again to.morrow.
The Bills brought op from the Comatous were read
. • first time. With respect to the Clergy Resideace
Bill, chilies, of SHAFTESBURY gave, notice of
Its twin( intended to move the second reading of it ;
on Ftitfa).-4djourned till tamorrom (this day).

M 00R1

- -

measures ought to have been taken
before,
iuspending the 'Nal by Jury.
The • I,VORN le: li-G EN ER A L and Mr. BURST
,splaiited.
irirlel.s;)ho:lßldWenOceßiTit I
il
rsselaitili,dithralttli,ileiteth
jharraedszpo.etitteettri
by Jury in that country, several striking*
come to his knowledge of the reluctance of
turors to convict Catholics. s :iii.e late trial
. Catholics in the county-of 'Longford, foe
_ -...... . WIS WaSOSSITIt...pat in .. , .seditieue-practic.es, ten
.geeptes
-.erwitoviiseeensti-AirebeliSittisk vin-. ***let cirdiefilteitees., as "freralr SA-TetiVer tioniai-Cathairce, and the other two Protestants, re
Slave Trade in*.be noeisteyithet there seesa. IA*. ' freed from"; far Ireland Wall not-sillfertett ettere-kom ' eeieerest evidence, these tewmen wbold,
not enleefetieterdig otiose bit- -Porn almost every what it haOsere . tout Ase wittOe of he history. trot convictioulte„wffeasitist, and the Other t wie valid
intlividisiikAtaisiklititeliropitie) go further than the ;re-Them dh . . .46111fieliergr ore not acquit- . . The Jury were -consetteeedy dl,.
-i:
Resolutions which hedvbeen carried. A pledge had dors; they were , bop *Cony eichectkeel. ohltged. • •-•:"4-- . e
p:tiel
beeri gives by an Ho*: Gent: ttichrini forward some and they_had no prittiecareb ' Out originaTed le, „MreGRANT, moved an Aniendment,, Nat the
. . • %,
hut
the 4raduat emmiettfidion of AO Slaves In a desire to prevail: ,rise of rents. If it could be duration of the Bill should •be limited `td' lea,
our colonies ; but they'lled,eihice heard ne mess on made out that the British Constitution 'wait !jet fit t - ....eneeidgatited." . e TIP d
1 OM ,
subject.
....i•-• .!•• Iti 41 ;..• ' ' live under, that it could not afford eamplete power The Bill, with metadditional clause*. witeltl a !
The ROM Cent. iise Plitifted from proceeding to the Magistrate spinet the tirbuience of theepeoe thitil sihweautt pissed: • ••*to . .
by the SPEA.KERe. there se no question before ,ple, that Constitution was a fanciful and idletbeery. -"Thil,kikeuptiwder letacival Bill. was illtittil *eel
I the House. ', ' It wu said that it was impossible to getwitnesser to .time...' ii :s. ~ • • - ti ...
1 A Meant.' from the-Lords ~ brought down 'Deo. come forward at present; but there was nothing in Mr,WILBERFORCE presented a Petitlin lip*
Ides's Divorce Bill, which was read a first timee•and ',,the Bill to afford. any additional_ security. to wit-
.fbe Inhabitants of Westminster against the Slave
requested a copy of the evidence on the subjecteet WIWI. Whit was to protect them ?
.Ther were .44-ntile. • •
East India Shipping, which was ordered to be stilt -to be examined in secret. It had been said, t. Maw PETER, MOORK Wished to -ask - the- ilia.
' inunicaied to their Lordships. rid Juries would be ietiatidatede hut he was inform., Geettemen whether he. bad any plan in contempla.
i Sir S. ROMILLY -presentede Petition from_,gba Shore was little to leer frem'thts.. If there wss etiun for the entire oblivion of slavery ail ever toe
I Debtors hi liereford.Gaol, petyingfor reit& 'I
.4 , epprebepuipoof this nature, the trial Might bef,!,World ?
.Thit question had slept since the year 1807.
1 IRISH SEDITIOUS MEHTINOS DILL ,14 4:
.I, . et/ 'lO Dublin. He hoped that early. -in 'nett;Might.eet.seme repletion •be adopted to pre of the
On the Order of the Dry for the further proceeet‘. a gallant and deliberate.lhW Mkthp.slttialfon 'clandestine- importation ofSlaverinto the Wist,ko...-%
ings on the third reading of this Bill; • -• ,- era Ireland would be taken. '''' . ! dies,' by'" enacting' that every' Black who ml his foot r'
Sir S. ROM ILLY said, that his objections to this, 4fillr. GRENFELL conceived that the absolute' not only in Engkand, bat in eny Rtfrt of. thollsaidi
pita
Bill had not been removed by any thing which he had' Itioissity for this measure had been sufficiently made'• dOdsiolosis; slfould'inittadtlY becoalifrete? -7./ 7 t.'
.
heard iu the course of the discussions •onit ; ettitaut ate The Hon. :Gentleman ridiculed the . idea that t'- !Mr. WILBERFORCE replied, that 'the Object
HOUSE OF COMMONS. he had no
_expectation of inducing the Hoolit ite, the Housewere bee" judges ,of the disturbances of the friendeof the Abolition of the Slave Trade log •
throat out the Bill, he should not waste inecblef- in Ireland than the llabgfiltrates and inhabitants of been in the -first, place to stop all supplier of slaves
Ni. Cone* took the webs *ad his seat for Grassroots/.
wp.. pehiesson presented a. wood of the Agues „f the Ent • their time the subject. Such
.. a violent
. measteriem that coentry. *Amid gmlititoyii,,,:ibe Bin big from Africa, And then they
.hoped that the ameliora.
licolllpany, at the diferent Presideaeies is India; aadOnser that which was proposed, wane, if it produced 'no support. .- - ,
, I tion of the state of-ehe sleets in the West Indies
r • —Oldered to lie okthe table. 'good do muck mischief. -They had heard -nothing Sir SAMUEL flOilfltLY said he did not con. ! would &NW dee, Matter of course. The object.,ef
et-', AI.I.ACE moved for so' Acemmt of the east India ! ' I
Itemerstensales, for the Nest entitle May 191215--Ordersd. 1 why am enquiry into.the state of Ireland should not ceive they were better judges of ithfil disturbances of . the Petition he had just presented, under so many
*
eueet, 1 ' MIDSHIPMEN. 1;- Ibe instituted. The only observation they had heard Ireland than the inhabitants of4bat country thee tether Petitions of the same Mud, was to shei,the
f,
,t,epr. FORBES rose to withdraw his action re. was,, that if the measure had been proposed at an what he complained of was, that they Wereneltatetew,e'esoaniasous feeling of the country Oast this Mu-
cting some provision for the Midshipmen of the earlier, period, it tintedperiod, have been said that we ed to judge et all. :', ' ii 'traffic. •. .
• . ~
~
Navy, who were thrown. quite out of employ by the should wait till we saw the effects of Peace. It was. Mr. 3. P. GRANT explained. • . ;,Sit. HENRY MONTGOMERY elitatiessed the
_tete puce. .He observed, that the situation of these net with • him e•Plificient -reason why no enquiry- Mr. A. BARING had no difficulty in saying,` practice, of which he had teen 'it. ttitnemlis the Kest
.4/prima ,was peculiarly hard, as they were without should have been made,
.that at an earlier period this.' that be should tote for the Bill. • The question Incite's% of briAing elates Inhere !Ifni ;the remelt
shay provision, and lie fearedwould not hs able to find or that argument-must have ' bow brought invited I seemed so much to • have the general assent of the settiementat Pondicherehoott aftervreedeettehippieg
. oceopation in-the merebant's service on +teemed bf against the Bill. As he could stint consent to late , Gentlemen from Ireland, that it
,was i apo • sot : them. He hoped thettlieNeble Lord (iitiereagii)
the multitude of persons who would be dismissed.; from so many subjects of MI Majesty their Meth. Ito admit its necessity. Be was semi' , however, would tstro:lais eiteeilon to eitesubjeet.-ELord Co
from the transport savior iHe withdrew. his nodie,4 tights, and the, main peateclisiss of their lives-end 11. l that the measure should be. allowed to pass without -tlereagh signifiedAfiretseut.) • 4. . ,
. blows. he had hopes am= imasorea too the tpeej-:.badee4 atrial by 'Jury, without Some ground ,beieg ' telling their attention -to the situation Or retinal, l' !Mr. Si'EP ItEN presnited. a Petition from Gis.
of the Admiralty, would say modal -a, thigllbtvwN he should tote agaientehe Bill. . ..
and looking a little deeper to the remedies for that borough against the Slue Trade. . .
subject unnecessary. :. .•1I i 1 I Si4l ii /.... 14r. PEELEdenied, thegi,4o:sedrineasure he bad situation. They were now looking •tnerlifY to the ' ; The Order of.elte Pay en Feed for the Haase es-
` . Mr. CHOKER said, he rejoiced that dernateee! Taken the .Houseeby stortqloo pdee. when .fie intro- protection of the subjects of that coantri-eo a pal- ' solving its let* n.CNlMlniitee of the whole 1104253
.
was withdrawn, es the motion would have excited , dined, on a forte," tieeesieets.'leibees__,ore..-of a diger- ;Oaths measure,. which was necessary in the lawless on the Vote 0r,.. C4OIV ' ...;•_, • . .
hopes which it would not Ise possible to MOMS& Ate eat description, he reserved to himselr the power of state of Ireland from Its Misgovernment. • What was [1: .I&.` WHITHREAT/liiind, that In tke. last year
the termination of so longeadardtions a contest, the ,Istiagillg forward one like the present, ff it shoald 1 the represeatiticiii:X the'Right Honourable die Se.l;the Vote of Credit. hat ilspei live etillisitia ; but It '
persons in all branches of the navy had a right to ex. ;be found necessary. He had., he believed, made eet teratery for' Ireland ?--That the people of that coup. ;Abe year antecedent it glad- been oniteAltree minima,
,pect that their services should be considered by thole' e sufficient case to induce the House- to agree to the; try- were in such a'situation as no other country 'wee I-, which was the sten deerPteeteteditt 4, E. of peace.
who had directed them. in time of war. The claims ' Bill. He had read an oath, for which no less than i ever in before-that they could procure no Juries, (There There were [to eircemstanees,lo..the ponent state of
of all ranks were actually uodee consideration, but six Convictions took place at the Amities of Watt- Ino informers-that they could not 'get'the wheels dr the World tejestify so lagsrlireal tetietCrowc.-
be could not hold out any Item than that of half- meatb, and the purport of which was to be true to ' Government to sleeve. This stale of things, Which , fiettilitint teeljetiled;444", rglatglielltii.taeits country .
pay, which had been mentioned in the last Navy) Bonaparte. Ile hoped that peace would have offer Ie
ofGovernment war now obliged to avow, wall unheard ..eautithe'Axneriesn docerossioat y•bot the eneinatnce
Estimates. Be was persuaded that the House would Powered and overcome all such absurd lin -civilised Europe. This ftight filerieuethle o(..nitteser with Amerhci. alonte3leald not require d.
not disapprove of an thing that eras given as a tee as milierence.tothe Despot of anotliertunndltY ; bit rgaattrima says, -tinge lie expetteev clone on -the.; tateliteiettle of ..exklce, As vflignoge had to meintain
ward for past, or a retainer for future services. 'Heel he had recently learned that similar coaildtiations downfal of rte. but this-was a shallow'
,Tl 4? :tbocathe of all. Europe againsiltranre. On this
i
' ,the consideration of the subject was attended with I were still forming in Ireland, and that an oath wait of the satjelc3trartamattered not whether it, wet • o-Atilebject'or Monica he trtrille telirii, whether' the
•• -great difficulty, and no Part of it with more than that' now administered and taken in the county of' Welt. 'jetport', or the Grand-Turk, or the Pope: with tiso,l. porsono-mtot to Gtotteaburgh. (comatbe.American Ge-
whiels related to the class of Midshipmen, which was meath, hostile to the potlic-peace and waneeitlity..Apresent hostile sentiments of the prindatiou of Ire. on.renmitrit were quite ("fretted ehy eli Majesty's Ml-
composed of individuals of the most dissimilar'
ranks, lie had cooildeved it incumbent to wait till he had a I kncl, If the Grand Turk was to raise his standard tiiitetrs, br whether itekeialehtid been appointed to
and espectations. He begged to be understood, that i distinct proof of the failure set •other measures, be' lin that country, the whole population weed be Tea- Attest with -them t. ~ He .-ettiderstood that 10,200
be could give no hopes of- soy !articular measure on ; fore he regaled to. the pretent Bill. This was MA" dy to flock to it. Such was the security eiriivas and, &Reich troops in the pig* Cotiovies were to pit
the-subject, but he was convinced that the Admiralty looked eime-Us a party question in Ireland. • Ides properties in Ireland, ceder what was pilled-a, flits: litlld6r thy, 4oWitnenB of the Hereditary Prince or
would be most anxious to /eke all proper steps. morial had been presented to the Lord Lieutenant of i testant Ascendency. It was impossible to rotttlior jOreage, He thought some: reason should be given
. Mr. FOItBES explained. Ireland, signed by 60 most respectable individuals oil the Bill ivithinit calling ass the House to consider) fpreitietrassfer of the-command to a foreign Prince.
Mr. TIERNEY said, he was anxious lest any the county of Tipperary, le of whom were Magi,. ; the subject more deeply thamehey were invited to do ;Vat Hersounble Member-expressed a hope that at
false impression should goabread, that the cause of trate', sod the first same signed was Lord Llandaff, !by the Right Honourable Gentleman., As to theitherensuitig Congress something might be done for
this class of men was abandoned by the House, be. the brother of the Representative of that county in i Constitution of this conneey;:it was, in his opinion., Slag and for Genoa, and that, neither of them stoidi
cache when it was seen what arrangements the Ad. the House, the object of which Memorial was to , only adapted to a 'situation of affairs where the plot. Ibe condemned without- some authbriene.persoe if&
;ninths, would make, it would be in the power of any persuade the Government to bring forward the pre- ! pie were friendly disppsed towards a Government.- ins pr'esent to plead, the cause of theti.tettetriet.je
•• Member, if he disapproved of the arrangements, to sent measure. • ' 1 The moment
sapy!keentry changed. its situation In I Mr. Whitbread then alluded • to the proehenations
Make any motion on the subject.. Mr. J. P. GRANT had no doubt that what the !this respect, and resembled lrelandf ! the machinery , said to be issued by 81? AeCtschente, Inviting the
. Mr. CHOKER explained. Right Hon. Gentleman had said as to the state of iof the British Constitution was perthettreafit for it. ! Americas negroes te revolt agaiest their masters, and
The notice was then withdrawn. Ireland was correct ; tot it was not on the opinion ! In considering a subject of this 400; .therlleieset ! ',sputum other of our Commenders.,• inviting Anted:
, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL obtained leave to of Magistrates, and odor persons residing in dis. were aware that there was nothing itetheistatures of eata-subjects in general to ernigkte tnthe Britisli-Co-
bring in a Mlle for facilitating the appreheusion, and turbed districts, that Parliament ought to 'act. Per. Irishmen, any more than of•Welchattiijitkottn, I lorries, in, the hope, he-mid, thaCtlMMe.prociatnations.
bringing to vide( offenders who had escaped from sons residing in -countries in this disturbed state, , disposing them to turbuleuee lifter a 7 iirirtie would be disavowed, by:Ministers. .. ~ 4
one pert. of the United Kingdom to another. - were of all others least likely to form correct opi.! people were every where
.hatw their laws and insti. : The .CEIANPELLOR' sot the. 111cCOEQUkti
• . The Bill was brought in, read a first time, and or. nions as to the proper remedy. They were too 1 tntions made them. - - •
elered to be read a second time to-morrow. , ' much under the influence of -fair to judge correctly ; I Mr. WILBERFORCE said, the discontent of I. Credit, that.the war eritkAatieriee meager lately US
The Report of the Committee on the Marquis of ; they might be the best witnesses respecting those tire ; Ireland was undoubtedly a disease of centuries wrminate speedily, and'iiiiteittiTed. toe coosislivable
Welliegtotee Rotate Act was agreed to, and instroc-' cunistances. which they were acquainted with; buts minding? It was an essential duty of the House to ! scale of. elpence.-(fkittrtilsegr-13....-A great degree
tons to the lIMIOS effect ordered to beidelivered to the 1 Parliament, though they ought to enquire into and i tern their attention to the circumstances-of Ireland. ;of expence, was also neemearjr on accoeut of the ge-
Committateon tion•Deke4 Welliegtee's &tate gill. ii hear 'the reasons given by those persons for their llt was very natural In the Irish Government. to sup- 1 neral state' of Europe,. a. considerable portion of
The Westminster Improvement INII went thesSogis opinions, were bound at the same time -to form an I pose, that on the overthrow of Bonaparte, the ex.l which, it was to be remembered, still remained un-
a Cosunittee.-*Tho Report to-merrew. ... , i•. opinion for themselves. He• rose to peotest eying ridden-of dissatisfaction in Ireland might also ex. ;disposed of. It was peculiarly important not to
On the. Modem of the CHANCELLOR+ .t• die this:measure, considering, as. he did, that he would' perience a change: but there was, it would seem, • a.! leave the frontier of 'our oldest and most ra!ttble
aciiEQUER„ th. Repewig .tho coesedtteoveo.,. not be doing his duty if be did not oppote it. If; sort of general spurning at the subordination of the' Ally unprotected. The Prince of
SW' 611 the City Groh, losa.ettleeed toe •tb ant's. ova looked into the enactments of the. Bill, law in that country. Inthis Island, from the highest ' to /eke the command of the troops remaining in the
iiitalh, .
In pursuance., 4 relax.i,o,dibip,,,jui. they would, be convinced- that a more important; to the lowest, everyieditidual bowed to the ascend- Lotitituetries 'for that purpose, had received 'hie
up of ,y;ateresty. - ,
.1 e.
1- ~-4; .
.- ~; i,ee et:', nhasurmoonid not be submitted to any Legislature. any of the law ; but.lreland seemed tabs in a very' political and military education in this countrjf,; And,
be Report of the COmelltbse •en Staab Spirits It. went to sluspend anisoportant part' he,the'Contiti-', differentsitoation. He was disappointedthet they lied, hloaillitary education under, a• British geoe,g,„ pkii •
was Agreed to, and a Bill , ordered le lar bought in , totion, in a part of the United Kingdom, when, if ! not baled any,thiag from the Roard.efraicatiost this, was :the pride of hisscountry, -and acknowledged the:
UcOrdingly. . . t; . I ever he 'wiped to see the people emerge from the bar. I year. As an Engdabaurn.(said Mr. W.) 1 owe repot: free Ciptaiteef the age. A great daft -cii` °fie Sehsl-2 -
The Reports of the Cesatittees on the Sootch Uni- barissn•iath which they had been pronged bj• our i ration to- Itelavidfee the wrongs., of - Centeries.Le‘ 'diaree entireties remolded,' still eetecherged-
verdty Paper Bills and the 14,44. Mao. Bill, were mismanagement, it must be through their admistdon e Weer, 'heir I.)—Niti. have,*er, is true, .o(Jate years, Thom 1.61140 re, VrteistsOlifitAlaiiia would unmet,
severally !greed to, and theillltleairdeseileiebe mad to all the-privileges of that Constitution. It was in:" maitifeated e eartapf-pereetal affection for that coin'. to more them three millions:- ' The amount of ikon)
a:third time to.morrowe• '.. -eve: i. 1.,- ....;,, ,-; .. : cumbent oil the eught teenoefehie coostliw,airrte -err;
.bet I cannot bat remember the periodashee it' to Sp land Porto ecould not he Yet ascertaittelLia
. The Report OD the 'Dames Pato. mas,agmaailhos I show that otee•Chielitßitieln iirn a ntere4ancifed -idea, Was governed bypriaciples of a verydi tferent nature.'' , . f; 'PlVitNii: .said, that she Right Hon;Geniee
ga
sad leave eilWill to brit.* in a Bill accordingly. .1, 4.1 that it Aria hoe* well calculated for troubleitrmh•l ifheinbabitants of . Ireland seemed really, is seine Alai', speech consisted of tis. parts: The ohject of
;The Report. eV the Irish Distillery Oil .alpv times ',limo of (ssequillity. He had no objeellotim, usthitill were teidte be,,incapable of enjoying -litsertys. lablirot part .wactoLshoWltfaelt the arm to be voted '
eV* to, gad the Bill *food to be reed riebing?..te titer abuse byt Which persons were certified Of 'to beat present-incapable of enjofing the 'bless Zelsgpesaere. to give dint to our. negociations at
--ep- ,
- -..- .
.. *.;„ 4 teltinsteat Congeesee the object Of the second part
tipsetio.merrow. .... Z 1 'I. •.. t., . i-. 4a 41 tbeir.hooset afters certain hour, but whet be chiellY., of the British Donstketion.
Wet :40100w. 04 lytieilitere woeld he wanted for
. e/lef.. :Deture preeenteceopettsse; free isk shitted tip, was tbe suspension of the Trip( by Jory.. 'kr; nvitST allo'Vred , that a.caeihod.,shoessoodse*
person tailed Mary Gamble, el .- . '
:' llt was of the utmost importance to beep sat add' Get by Wainer,' carnal; for the inteittidelttglOttliee, anallier:ppipasi. ,• I
grant:would, hare come more
who aoroplaieed that she had Woo - -ee sells. lutietateilbe Trial by Jury; osid:lfillAitim-i libel On. 1141 daft
mot • . thlt.ih:t.Sttsnsion of'*:irriel by properly under the head of Army' Sxtraordinaries,'
picion. of ' lolling Froneh glares, width: had 'reel the Constitution to say, that h *Meld het hely Nit WA'" -11i:Iiii opinion, more cakejelethicenilte than or a Vote of Credit. As a general principle,
. ...
duced her to rein, me the falsatividence of &Perim i thisittte' - , via.
send our -Minister to a -
whom she hatibefore arrested lost tielite.Ordaredii& a• largo.' vo 7J of !credit,
lie en the table. - . e ii„-;-,-, -,... . ... ii i:Plenge the country into
„Petitions against the Slave 'aide los presented . illeereated lee win with
from many ports of the klogdeee. et, ,•• - - •• 1 itideted'a Stifficieilt ground
Among others, one by Lord A. HAMILTON, ' Property Tax.. He ,sie-
frem Gins ow signeci.by 14,000 persons, •-and one property
the. fxcheitaor would
from the -African Missionary Society. ' I
..being farward some ole.
. Twelve from -different-parts of the island by Mr.' Altleis he thought! etield!
WILBERFORCE..abit....W.,- on Presenting-am:l iniflionit the et-04044k
Petitions, observed on ;be-atrocities, which Al idea . e woeld 'also then feel-dies,
of the French to conrjem SG Domingo mast, if• •pert: ;
... eneral, state and- resources,. t;f4,llli
sitetl in, give rise toe- He- ,stated,,thet. be ,katmel
from the most certain setteosie Treeetintereepted Irbil CooATtellie!tiffyspfouse.. • &On nlit
,sho fife, 'ii,i,rtftenTifilia it would
isms
tors from St. Domiageea last *Mob wiewaseliffierweleti teD riwas t an 'tile left to guess WM*
*Qom heal doubted; atiaelyohataitaesivesdise

t what the Ecole des Chiens in that country, to train the NI to tn.; f rward this measure till a
~iod . , cause other
lot tell. blood-hounds who were to hunt the oath' ,by Sess.. AA House could not go 4' '', suspending
subject forming ari with rm d I ' atql i .I: . ..',.. IF, t Hon. Galli d
.10 'se ' The All
Jill
moSisla t 4 . 4.. .i. ltg ir il : I'l
~i, the. effects Si ';pt , . mutually eia
name 'Nis Ut.hrt ues bi, n , t tin Ipt e - ' .l 4do with 1$ ' tonnesstiens • ' Mr. HIP
i whictirtedas . ' IT., ed Alston , . •of iv, y Much deep .t adNint;temOliiniy• tensivecorr
vta )le. ' cause. There must either be something anomalous the Trial t
motion Mr. W. SMITH presented 13 Petitions to the In the state of ligjge46sijimadjisk„Cossalitusioa facts had c(
"Mmeiniffier vilelllfteklierg".o Sol. irtist bi'unable to esersi4kits own file-igen., and to Catholic 3u
would folk.—Ordered tollie•on the OWN ~,,, 'i I :. II '0440 %W ' owls Ilbgitstraks; if a suspension of that of several 4
Mr. P. MOORS suggetted, that as this. would Constitution was itecessarloot in e period of war seditious_p

"Thi-"--"="L. ti iiir-1-7iiTZ A- t "-:
t--.
Into eisittios hi casVit; ebt •• of nratiri" *4 a thisartviAsirelOtosttetfr." . •''!' - -4 ~,.
~.11se did n .; biuk it right o
fierier semstr,--bet of'doistete , , I** -.Ala Ms. I '',,Tlhl, lottixt,4oo,4.qa-goviint . , aegocia
jotitis:_airswed, with . a
quietordes- - :An Infraction Oft fle Constitettidn come ratimir astonishesitse hese she'.. wilt. .
natter be jestitted by preeed*tst• bat the predefient of ttavihsts. Getstfihtisti2 - AViS-:Prig:. ; . liOtk;', , ' a new wat.at his pleasure. Al
'gm .was sot triateeirf fit* thii.'ftreiathettille: At kW Itiiiii aWEntliihMagistrati, "4
bia this imilma4 ! America' Woald not be vonstd
that • tine., tbs. stioerieilettlinSpiiiii !cif filth %bety siverta'lloOthist*SatiStrfees do iltettelrest for•the cp:lMEiiiiiiiicit, ‘r: 1)4 I
rose Wp 'to mtbil HOPI* ';arid 'stated',:. the I,siiiiiis i 1 fl hcattAtrettijo iMit°C.l44o6llll6 . : .1 eerelYisigssamtho,COVlMresdi
inforiied Ilievissiri erirotiiit rty14111,101161; Srli'6' It, waalnorely coaftitiseloteertaisrtoffonees-arofithe • blf6o44llAniteisictit'6
held dark en& davit copilot-1i I lift Mit 04P.ptoiil, apiihAquitrarierii.l•ll47
,dettlitolth . thiloY )4441 ntatitilf*lposeVlestabitshuiete
ettzta
of orgaseisingi-Preneh ftsyee:' fai ifuldi idiltr"lle' *II iiitokhrtia dia.,* litnuivati,L4atio- not' *OH ht'irethh:QB i#llli
on this ,HIPISIPtit teat dittitilleW *lie air' stsstbseitairriimpald ant ' :ills** tltirniaile th40.14.4.); 44 Ott AP! -wi
base been **civet. •Wit Sears!' itibeet:' snot ji. or liolbtApoßMAl, pitt 7',Z, Iligiirip'l.l,), plaid td clifor thin genOral,st
ptiisZl
powerful 64.411kl'ellas._ebetallifirl /:)7611: 1410041;;L:' ; '." ~..1 sii r,, . ''..1:.14....itr,.;) —rt.: h.i, .s.ta country to a Conleth 311,41
tivanastaares; wiry tiosiltdoeite, ' ; ... I'o;4* ,alr.,iiilaill",iiiie moist oiratilaitillif . rfsmil. Aid .14 itif . vill
ilia
11441044 e OisitiplaireVilf ft di it:
,t, iittilo saitkth* kAnteerild,,io.N4i 1° 1 niiihed, . tersuiew ' Wwts" s' t
tailing thaullikeleby ' Orli •ir .la done; slit that lie olijected o the present Sal, be- da.k.
_
