THE KING'S mitar.it IN 114NOVER.

Yostrriay, at sn early hour in the morning. des-
patches were received from Lord Londonderry, an-
booncit:g the arrival of hie Majesty, in high health
and spit its, at Hanover.—He entered the city at nine
o'clock. on last Monday. The town was all life and
splenslostr ; the streets were illuminated, the military
drawn out on duty, the guns fired, the bells rung, and
the polmlatitot docking from all aides towards the
barrier through which his Majesty entered—all ap-
peared aniusated with the most loyal and affectionate
entlstpiassn. Notwithstanding the distance from
Itru,ss Is to ilanover, and the rapidity with which the
King trsvels, his health had not in the least suffered
beyond the ordinary fatigue consequent upon the
naovement and confinement of a carriage ; and even
of this Isis Majesty had less appearance than most of
%Lase who composed Isis suite. The receptions, how-
ever, were wiser private ; and the addresses and formal
congratulations of the Authorities, and other public
1,0 lies, were postponed to the following and future

Oto Thu's lay night, at 10 o'clock, lois Royal High.
s% the Duke of York left town, on a shooting az-
curbion, for a few dsys.

The Paris Papers ►nention, that a foreigner, aged
about 25, dressed in the oriental costum-, was present-
ed to the King on Monday, who was said to be a great
pe►suuage from China.
A satiety has been formed at Paris, fir the encon-
r 'gement of Geography, by the printing of scientific
memoirs, the publication of charts, the distribution
of prize% and defraying the expenses of travellers bay-
ing useful and important objects in view.

The remains of the late Mr. Rennie are to be in-
terred in St. Paul's CatheJral on Tuesday next, about
twcire, o'clock.

The grmit Mr. Pitt, the first Earl of Chatham, was,
it is well known, a most strenuous and powerful oppo-
ser of the meAsures of Sir Robert Walpole's administra-
tion. Only the year following his entrance into the
House of Commons, and the commencement of his op-
position, Sir Robert tit himself so irritated by Mr.
Pitt's contact, that he made no hesitation in depriving
him of a cornetcy that he held in a regiment of horse,
a”d distoiming him from the servive. As Mr. Pitt had
an elder brother and five sisters, his fortune was so
fir from being considerable, that a few admiring
f.iends had presented him with tliis commission as a
small a!dition to his income. "The imprudent, vio-
les t. and unconstitutional conduct of Sir Robert Wal-
p. le," according to Mr; Pitt's biographer, "so far from
doninisliirg Mr. Pitt's consequence in the eyes of his
patrons and the public, very considerably increased it
in both." His him' Mr. Lyttleton, afterwards the
fissions Lord L—, addressed the following lines to him
ion the occasion :

• '• Long had thy virtues marked thee out for fame,
•' Far, far superior to a cornet's name.
•• This generous Walpole saw, aad grimed to Sod
" So mean a post disgrace so greats nand.
" The servile eten•lard from the free-bora band.
" He took, and bade thee lead the patriot band."
One cannot help being struck with the similarity of
the cases of Mr. Pitt and Sir Robert Wilson—each at-
t wp'e I to be crushed by a tilling administration,
and each rising superier to ministerial meanness. The
measures that dictated each were equally imprudent,
violent, and unconstitutional, the motives equally pal•
try and unmanly, and the aim of ministers will he a.
leafed in the one as it was in the other.—(Norwith
Cornier.)

• DuEL—A meeting took place yeatenlay naoralag.
ea Finchley-common, between J. T. C-4, Esq. and
a Gentle.nan of the name of )I—r--n,reladvo to a dis.
pitted bet at Enfield rues. Mr. C. wee wended is
the arm in the first fire.

On Saturday the lith instant, the fellewieg fatal
accident happened at Begeers--As Miss Jaen,
Fisher was taking an airbag in MN at the posy
chaise. of that place, the knee eterted with gnat vie-
kat,. and kicking at the sane tiesei the weleetenate,
)sang lady was thrown oat, and hilkeg owlet tie
*heel, was intently killed.

SiR ROBERT WILSON.

~T:

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STiiiiliMAN.

It appears, by Parliamentary Investigition, that Sir
Robert Wilson is not the only officer tbd King's Mi-
nisters thought proper to advise the distissal of ; the
late Duke of Norfolk was dismissed frog the command
of the West York Militia; Earl Fitxwilliano, as .Lord
Lieutenant of Yorkshire ; and, in the list appointment
of a Lord Lieutenant for the coenty of Bedford, the
Duke of Bedford was passed by. Had Majesty any
one who would have given it a hint, in the character
and consequence of those three Noblemen, what mast •
be the serious consideration of the Monarch?? 1 can-
not better elucidate the thing than by giving some ex-
tracts from the letter of General Burgoyne, dated the
18th of February, 1785. In The Morning Post of
that day, under the signature of Selina—to the repre-
sentatives of the people, he says, "General officers
" ought to be selected from men who have gone
" through all the pittufal gradations of rank, as they
" have fought Asir way up from Ensign to the rank
" of Colonel, and dfarly toned by servitude, and, per-
,. haps, by wounds, what the country, through the
" Sovereign, has bestowed on them, as a recompense
" for that servitude, or a compensation fpr their
"wounds. I. do on a that the Minister who advises
" the King to recall that remuneration, and deprive
" an officer of his commission, except by law, ought to
" be impeached.—
" If the Sovereign can at pleasure deprive an Officer
" of his Commission, what security has he for his cha-
" racier ? What security for his freehold, which it is by
" all means, and the tenure by which be bolds it, as
" sacred as any freehold in the country. Dodo our
" law con dense any roan before it beer hint.'-.(John,7 c.
51 v.) "If Dot so where is the use of our law-courts or
" Court-martial ? do they not belong to our established
system of British jurisprudence ? if they do, which
" cannot be denied, I again aver that the King has nei.
" ther a legal, nor aa equitable right to deprive any
" officer of his commission ; unauthorised by the sen-
" tence of a Con rt.martial."
He further says " I have been induced to dwell upon
" this circumstance so disgraceful in itself, and so min-
" chievous in example, because I consider it a stab given
" to the Constitution, by a quarter the most bound to
" protect it, and an affront to the nation."
This opinion, from such a man as General Burgoyne,
on behalf of two officers dismissed the service by Pitt,
because they dared be honest, and join the opposite
ranks in the House of Commons, is a sample of what
Britons might expect under a military sway.
The late King, George 111., when be was ad-
dressed by the City of London in 1809 ; or the ever-
memorable Convention of eintra (wherein the three
great sages of the army made asses of themselves,)—
made the Citizens this pointed reply, " It is inconsis-
tent with the Principle. of British Justice, to pronounce
ford:meat without previous and mature enquiry." Geo.
111. would not censure Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Sir Harry
Baaard. or !Sir Arthur Wellesley, for allowing the
Foench to carry off their plunder from Lisbon, for
'lasi's/ tbous on the West of From* by British Tee-,
vets, and enabling them in a few weeks to get into the
rear of the British army ; but these gentry never
graced the opposition benches, nor attended the funeral
of the Queen of England. surely Sir Robert Wilson
was never disgraced by being a party to any such con-
vention; he is nofeather bed soWier ; no Hyde-park Mar.
duet. His honours and his glory have been gathered
in the field, and is he to be disgraced by the Ministers
of George the 4th, the eery men who advised, that
legal and patriotic answer to the Citizens of London
by his father-0 tempera ; 0 mores Sir
Vicary Gibbs, the late Chief Justice of the Com-
mon Pleas, when Attorney General, made this me-

nimble speech in the House of Commons, on
the celebrated enquiry into the conduct of the Duke of
York, and the fascinating Mary Anne Clarke, March
li, 1909. "No British subject ought to be criminally
punished, either in life, liberty, limb, or property, with-
out his being furnished with the charges against him
in writing, and without being heard in his defence and
condemned by his Peers." Here again, dlr. Editor, is a
sample of British justice, even to the organ of Sir It.
Wilson's dismissal, to the man who refused Sir Robert
an enquiry or information in writing, or otherwise, but
treated him without the common courtesy due from one
officer to another; but this is an age of wonders.
I shall also introduce another respectable authority.
It must be allowed even by the all wise Solomons, who
advised the dismissal of Sir Robert Wilson. It is no
less an authority than Sir Edward Coke. " Van Veer
ran be dismissed the service without a Court Martial,
or without being furnished with the charges against
hint, and without being heard in his defence, it no
longer remains that highly honourable service, which
it has been the general ambition of young Gentlemen to
eater into, but sinks into mere abject slavery. .3fitera
serritus, abitus Pagrea."
I shall not further encroach upon your invaluable co-
lumns, than to say there is not an honest unbiassed man
in Europe that does not proclaim Sir Robert Wilson's
treatment as base, wanton, malignant and ungrateful.
, A POOR MAN IN THZ BOROUGH.

EGYPTIAN OneLtsco--The obelisk of red granite.
brought home in the Dispatch, for Mr. Bankes, jun.,
which had previously been removed down the Nile,
from the island of Philo., on the borders of Nubia, was
safely unshipped last week at Deptford, and is now
lying on the deck of the sheer-htilk there, till it is
ready to be removed to Mr. Bankes's seat in Dorset-
shire. It is the first ever brought to England. Ar-
tists have been already making drawings from it, for
the purpose of engraving ; it being supposed that it
may very probably furnish a key to the interpretation of
the hieroglyphical characters, since the Oreek epos
the pedestal, which records its first erection ander,
Ptolemy and Cleopatra, is very probably a translation
of the hieroglyphics with which all the four sides of
the obelisk itself are richly covered.
An application was made on .Wednesday last to the
Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench by Messrs.
Baum Salami, sod Hilhorae, oar late Bache dicers,
who, it will be reteenabered, ore charged by the Ge-
nesee Jury with the murder et Ann Fry, ei Park-
stew t and upon hearing the-nee. the Chief Justice
arneested le take bail for their appearance at the neat
DIPIISi anises, when they will take their trial.—
(iDereheeter lomat)

PAIPAIT-BROREItt

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAVENURN.

LIT? IT.

Seeing an epistle in your high-spirited paper of yea-
terday, signed Dick Duplicate, and particularly in-
tended as an answer to my former letters, I shall take
the liberty of noticing it with all possible brevity. Mr.
Dick Duplicate says, his pursuits in life reader it ne-
cessary to mix with Pawn-Brokers; no doubt, Simiat
sintili gantlet. He therefore thinks he has a better right
to know them than I have ; and that is certainly rather
odd, as he don't know me or my connexion. He adds, they
are a traduced villified body; if so, it don't add much to
their innocent blushes ; while be seems to say laconically
that were they a description of folks, such as I painted
them, be would cut the connexion. What a pity that he
should cat the worthy characters, and their friend at the
PUSH, whom Mr. Dick Duplicate candidly owns is an
OLD HOART-USADID livronmen. What an entertaining
companion for a respectable P. 8., who saves these con-
scientious gentlemen the trouble of calling at the Police
Offices, were their frauds so very frequently call forth
*fir attention. Certainly, a dispensation from attendance
is very cheap at five guineas per anrium ; besides this.
Mr. Duplicate is rather severe in calling Mr. S. an OLD
ROGUE, which be should not do, as be acknowledges
the worthy gentleman from behind the bush, is a faithful
shepherd of the flock ; and I also regret that Mr. Dupli-
cate is so indelicate as to quote the expression of a great
law Lord. that my allegations are " False as Hell."
He also states, a young man offered two pieces of
cloth to pledge, which the P. B. doubted was honestly
come by, and requiring the person to satisfy him as to
the property being honestly obtained, the party left the
cloth, but did not return. As a matter of course, lie
advertised it; but, unfortunately, out of a sings'e mistake
tore off the selvedge on the fags, and the applicants for
the property could not recognize it. Really, Mr. Dick
Duplicate is an amazing droll fellow. I should sup-
pose he is a wholesale dealer is irony. What an kilo-
cent mistake of the P. B. which, unfortunately for some-
body, left the ingenuous gentleman in full possession of
the cloth, worth about 60/. But he says it was all a
mistake. Deer delightfid Dick Duplicate ! who says
Sam Spout will call this a villainous transaction ! Not
I, indeed ; I'll call it no worse than the cases I have
already stated ; nor will I allow it a greater mistake
than 50 cases more I have not as yet quoted ; nor will
I make any extraordinary comment on the old maid's
heavy guineas, and the P. B. changing them for light
ones; according to the old adage, Exchange is no Rob-
bery : nor shall I swell these solitary instances
into criminal cases; they carry their characters on
their foreheads, and do not require any refined
touches from me, who have, it appears, given such
mortal offence to the trade, that I find I ant enquired
after in all quarters, without even a guess at my scien-
tific information. Bat I really begin to believe lam
a man of moreconseqgence than I expected, or I should
hot bate proutpta a general meeting at the Horn, in
,the commons. where I must ac!tilowlerivi I received
very Crilii;ttering complinsefiiiitriTere some of the
P. B's. were so vexed that they even got into
dudgeon with the trade, and spoke about striking
and letting the poor starve for want of their
must liberal assistance. What a hurling shame to
tantalize so virtuous a body of his Majesty's worthy
subjeots, who have to contend with fresh perplexities
every day ! It appears there are a charitable P. 13.
-or two not 50 miles from Oxford-road. who have been
in the habit of taking one shilling for every 401.
ticket ; ss. for every five pounds, and so oh in propor-
tion ; and as some of the informers of the Slop (hug
have lately been out at the elbows for want of ways
and means to carry on the War, they visited the before
mentioned worthy P. B.'s, and in order to turn an ho-
nest penny, the word was " bite the biter." The mo-
ney got taper at the house of ill fame, near the Obelisk,
Fleet-street; and as the informers were men of too
much discernment to remain idle, they fastened on the
West end P. B's. ; and it is thought that even their
Patron Saint, the Shepherd of the Bush, will nut be
able to extricate them. I pray you, Mr. Editor, ac-
cept my best thanks for your patriotic condescension,
while I shall at another time request your permission
again to let the cat out of the bag.
Snow-hill, Oct. 13, 1821.

SAM SPOUT.

After a minute survey of all the frigates in orili-
nary, it is stated that the Apollo has been selected as
yacht for the personal reception of his lll4jesty, it
having been discovered that the Royal there, being
made up wholly for accommodation, has n• stowage
for stores, which in the event of a separation fro n her
escort, by stress of weather, might subject her to in-
conveniences. Remain at Spithead, the Phaeton and
Iphigenia frigates, with the Bann and Bustard sloops
of war. The weather now appears to be settled, with
the wind al *bout south-east. Some transports are
still in-* harbour, bound to the eastward, f•r the
purpose of conveying from Scotland some troops to
the West Wks.

GOSPORT, OCT. 11.—In cmsequence of the )ate
gales, another vessel bas put into Cowes in a dis-
muted state. The Ganges East Indiaman sailed this
morning from the Motherbank, Laving on board one
hundred passengers, a. great proportion of whom are
females. This vessel bas been detained a couple of
months, by contrary winds, between here and the
Downs.

EXTRAORPIX A RT FUN ERAL..--Last week the remains
of Mrs. Ann Stattaford. who died in the BStb year of
her age, were deposited in the parish church of Egg
Buelthusd, in Devonshire. This venerable woman was
attended to ber grave by 82 of her descendants. The
coin was Writ, by eight of her grandsons, supported
by eight granddughtets. preroded by eight other
granddaughters. the two firm carrying in their arm,
two gined-grand-chlkires. Two twin daughters of the
deceased &flowed as chief mourners. A monument is
to be greeted to her memory by her grand-daughters.
FATAL MIIITAILLA few days ago, a lady of great
respectability a this neighbourhood. who was confined
by iadispeeides, rammed the servant to pour out a
quantity of esedisiae. sailicieat ter a dose, from a bottle
stalliag on the Ohitnuey-piece of the room. Most un-
fortonitiedg the dint seek the prescribed quantity.

above Istitahriptioes foil, from I; bottle of 6adesaia
standintiOtkhoomolplace, is consereace of which,
*sash prompt asaistimice was administered, the lady
expend the hatreds, morniag.--(Lieerpoolifercery.)

BRIGHTON, OCT. 12.

Hi! Majesty; we nnderstan 1, will pay a second visit
to the Continent in the spring of the following year,
when be will go to Paris, Berlin, anti Vienna, in full
regal state.
The Brighton harriers met on the race-ground on
Wednesday last—the day was fine, and tilere wAs excel;
lent sport. There were upwards of 100 equestrians,
and many pedestrians. Amongst the latter, was John
Richards; a blacksmith, who regularly attends the hunt
oa foot. He is now in his 89th year, with all his facul-
ties still good; and can walk, with ease, we are assured;
20 miles in a day.
A HOAC—A hoax was last week played off at lin6
sham, on an individual of this town, who had advertised
for a wife. Some wag answered the advertisement, and
prevailed on this Getcli to go to that town for the pur-
pose, (as was held fords,) of being introduced to a
female, who was represented as being desirous of a
husband. The lady in question was a well known
Cyprian; and the denounleat accompanied as it was by
the noise of bells and horns, and the hallooings and
hisses of a mob of two hundred men and boys, proved
most 'mortifying and distressing to the unfortunate
speeulator.
Our Chichester correspondent writes—" About two
o'clock, r. N. on Saturday morning, a tremendous gale
of wind, of short duration, came on from the S. W. ac-
companied by a most extraordinary noise, which was
productive of some trivial damage. to buildin7;s, trees,
&e. in this neigbourhood. At sea it sectus to have pos-
sessed greater violence. A Danish brig, laden chiefly
with hemp, WiS at the above time laid by the violence
of the squall on her beam ends, sv.;shing one of her
crew (the carpenter) from utr the lee main yard arm,
and who, I regret to say, WAS lost. The vessel drifted
in, near the land of Selsea island, when, at day-light,
assistornee proceeded promptly from the shore, which
succeeded in righting her and takitrg her into Ports-
mouth harbour."

SUltalti THEATRE.—This charming and convenient
House is about to open for the Winter Season, under
the Management of Mr. Bimini:on, whose conduct as n
Manager and a Gentleman has rendered him respected
by an extensive circle of private and Dramatic friends.
Reports also mention the junction of a Patent Company.
Should such a desirable event take place, the Surrey may
augur a brilliant Winter Campaign, particularly as there
will be no other Theatre open south of the Thames.
Skipper, the well known pedestrian, commenced his
task of walking. 10110 miles in twenty successive days
on Wednesday last, in Prassia-gardens, Norwich.—
He appears in esti:L..6-1a order, and generally finishes
his arduous day's work at about seven o'clock in the
evening.
With deep sorrow we relate, the', on the sth instant,
at a Imp race, in the neighbourhood of Aughoacloy,
Thomas Moore, .of Bawn, a most worthy and
respectable character, was killed in the followity
lamentable manner :—After the first race was over,
a gentleman, galloping over a field, ran his hors. to
a ditch , the animal- being nninanageahle, took a
contrary direction to that which the rater intended,
and, having made his way over, came in contact
with the horse on which Mr. Moore sat ; both horses
with their riders fell ; when, awful to relate, the gen-
tleman's horse trampled on Mr. Moore's head, anti in
a mon-seat the vital spark was extinct.—(Yeicry Tele-
graph.)
1 Oct. 11.—On Friday se'nnight an ia-
quest was held at the County Gaol,' in this town, h'.
J. E. Sparrow, Esq. on view of the holy of John
Reed, of the parish of Rickingliall, who was found
dead in his cell on Thursday morning. It appears
that this unfortunate man had been committed for Cm 1
stealing on the preceding Monday, and it was 'apposed
that the apprehension of the punishment which
awaited him, in consequence of the perpetration of the
offence for which he was committed, and other similar
acts of which he was guilty, urged him on to the com-
mission of the last fatal crime, which he effected by
means of his braces, affixed to the grating of his win-
dow. From the evidence brought forward, the Jury
were induced to bring in a verdict, that the act (.4
suicide was committed under the influence of tetnp.i•
rare derangement.
lISNYtt POSIDDEN.—On Sunday, the 22d ult., af-
ter the Clergyman of Scrediugton, near Sleaford, bait
publilshed the banns of a couple of his parishioners, a
blithe widow (Mrs. Gibson) rose up, and with an 'au-
dible voice' forbade the same. Much surprise was of
course excited amongst the congregation, and bursts
of laughter followed, the forbidder and the forbidden
being all above three score years of age.--(Boetme
Gazette)
At the Aberdeen Circuit Court on Friday, George
Thom, residing at Harthill, in that county, was found
guilty of the murder of Win. Mitchell, residing at
Burnside, in the parish of Tough, by means of poison.
Thom was sentenced to be execnted at Aberdeen on
the 16th of November, sue his body given for dissec-
tion. The prisoner, who is about 61 ',Ars of age, Up-
prated unmoved on receiving the awful sentence ; sad
on his retiring from the bar, said to some of the cons-
lel near him—" Gentlemen, I am as innocent as any
of von sitting there."
yon
11 and 12 o'cloik on Thursday
night, a fire broke out in the first floor of the house
of Mr. Ilorsefall, 25, Pleasant-row: Peatoneille, which
nearly destroyed the whole of the interior. The house
was under repair, and a man who was left in care of
it slept on the first floor, in which was a great quan-
tity of shavings and carpenter's chips. On his going
to bed he left the fire burning ; on the top of it was
piece of wood, which is supposed to have fallen off,
and *et the shavings in a blase. The man bad a net-
row escape.
. Rosetta ix Weirrecnaen, A—On Sunday evening
last, between nine and ten o'clock, Mr. Janes ilinek.
in the employ of Mr. Jose', jeweller, 62, Otiessklll.
passing throng's Whitechapel, in his way fro* &tat-
ford. between the New Road mad the Church. **met
by three villains, one of whom sttuck hits i Oath
blow upon the head, which brought him. made* to
the ground, when they rifled his pockets of is *lt
purse, containing two Sovereigns, 11. Bank of lbw.
land note, and some silver, a silk handkerchief, Mid.
three watches, as undermentioned, the property of Ma
employer large doable bottomed 'booting watch,
stop and seconds, **Black. boodien." on the Mil
plate, appall doable case. silver watcb, aid a latty'‘
gold Preach wateh, single case, engine ternd.

I

.~;,
