TilK SIATASMAN.

, -
to acknowledge the right of the "
titude" to dethrone the lawful sovereign!,!
All that Spain could have done *Ma soy de-
gree of cousistency,*was,
s or
..anXchopen ! wan
fOr Ai •
then alone m ht Eaglet.
co ircirion ~ tour inter-
ference !mild always have teiet ntlittle avail in
insuriw. the imleptntileitee int.Abls. Peninsula.—
Whisteeor lino of conduct Ministers might have
adoptePillsoecgard to Spain, nothing, •howeebr,
ought to have retarded the execntion bf the grand
plan of the emancipation of the inhabitants of
South America, to whom, ever since 1790, Mr.
PITT and all. his successors, not excepting the
actual Ministry, have been promising their assist..,
ance to enable them to throw off the cruel and
oppressive yoke of the mother.country, whick,
bad become so odious and intolerable to all, the
thinking natives of that rich continents. It is.
well known, that Ministers were on the point of
sendiug au expeditiou to America, fur the expresi
purpose of proclaiming and protecting the indelicate,
deuce of that country (the impracticable projects
; of conquest having been happily relinquished after
ithe disgraceful transactions at Boca's& Ayres),
when the arrival of some deputies of one of the
self tamed Spanish Junta di‘concerted this most
glorious projoct as effectually as could have wished
any of BONAPAItreS warmest friends. Ministers
lirent,el to their propositions, and not only ad-
journed, but afterwards gave up the Intended
enatturiptiou, and absolutely sokl the interests of
this country, and those of dighteen millions
Ines, to the monopolising views of the promoter
of the insurrection in Spain. I shall not attacity
this measure on the Ennud of injesticu and breach,
of faith, .beeitise I kilo*, that these oreqncre trifles
for politicians of theiiscoos ; but litiw can Mi-
nisters justify their conduct as tit the real an.l
d hrest interests of their country, thus so inexcus-
ably destroyed ?
Wily, shall we ask, was there any stipulation
made concerning America, with the Spanish pa-
triots! Way did we pledge ourselves for the
Caill11(1211Ce of the slavery of our natural friends ?
Why hot allow to Meet the same liberty of thous-
• •
ing a goverainent which the Spaniards claimed ?
Iliad the self-elected Juntas actioired, or inherited,
any rights over America ? And had they mot, ou
the cootiary, acknowledged the very reverse, by
hating invited them to send deputies to the Cortese
foe the avowed purpose of framing a coustitution ?
If cc were determined to support the Spanish

I only &Livery, and issued et their lie.
ws, appointed by the Prince of PIACI,
lon them others chosen by Martin de GARAY)
ROO! IMMO, We, of

mdi

rankly-to thirAlliffiCktllll,
connections, it It impts-
succeed, wkile by our fruit-
iy increase the influence
e is master of Spain, over
tiocContinent of Armories.

~.linue_observations will render this more plain.
rate America we ought to distlegitisie two classes
tliQ 'datives, who compose the immense
inafiii4ty, and who bear principally the weight of
oppressioa, and the Spaniards, who fill most of
the places of trust, who are nt the head of tie
cisil and Ailitary departments, and are in the es-
Junin what the Heehaws and Janissaries are in
Turkey. Independence is the cry of the former;
tiniest with Spain the constant wish of the latter.
Whatever then increases the number and influetice
; of this second class, tends to give greater weight
to the influence of the mother country ; and as
the conquest of Spain is ceasingy at hand, we
shall fi id that we have been furnishing BONA.
PARTS with tools, by means of which he may
finally succeed in the annexation of America to
the kingdom of his brother Joni% Ile will not
I fail to geaqt them more privileges than ever the
ISupreme Junta held out to the inhabitants of the
colonies, as his admission of American deputies at
the Aisembly of Bayonne clearly proves. These
who have not, like myself, been in Spanish Ame-
rica, will hardly conceive the full extent of the
influence of the mother coutitry over the colonies:,
the general and almost universal ignorance of evety,
other language but the Spanish, the numerous' fa:
tinily connections, the power of the priests and
~monks, who consider themselves as dependent on
the mother country, and the influence of the mi.
litary consmanders, who are mostly Europeans,
are all circumstances that afford great facilities le
the possessor of Spain for the subjugation of Atne.
rice. Let us not trust to oaths of allegiance and
protestations of attachment to our cause from
the Spanish Patriots, many of whom, no doubt,
ere long, like the viewless highly welled
D. Tstou.ts Motu, s, figure among the meats ser.
mitt Of BONAPARTE, as do, indeed, at the pre-
sent day, two-thirds of the elm loyal French no.
bility, who had sworn uglier to Almoiloo•tke cause
of Louis XVIII. The ease is quite parallel;
these noblemen meld not forget their native cows.,
try, where they still possessed friends and reld.
tions, if net some remains of their property ; it,
was for them the promised laud of the lees, and'
so will Spain be that of most of the Spanish
grants, when their enthusiress and resentment
shall have subsided, and as soon as they sh ill sie7
quire a conviction that the amnesty, which will
no doubt be offered to them, is religiously ob-
served ; and Biriar.t RTC is too gnu, a politician
out to adopt in Spain what with much less realism.
lie has done in France and Naples. For many
years to come, the fashions and opinions of .1 /a.
drid will be I tws in Al •siro, Peru, ti.. as those
of Paris and L 'tidies have long been in their re.
spective provinces. Th.: sooner Men t.:ngland
gives up all connection with Spain the better. It
is as useless :is absurd and dangerous, to oiler the
Americans a Kies; of Sicily whem the Spansarils
have rejected...a Princess of BRAziL...or an
font Don Pi:nuo, whom the inhabitants of Buenos'
Ay res have refused to admit (in spite of the lista- 1,
nuations of Sir Synwcy SMITH)...aS to take a ship-
load of Spanish rubles, friars, priests, and I iw-
s ers, to govern them. Let the waives alone
Iframe their own government; and all that ne have
to il ~ is to watch ever the projects of the French,
to intercept their agents and expeditions! and !ts
assist the natives against those friends of BONA.
PA are who may have already acquired some in.
(hence in the country. Honesty here, as in all
other circumstances, will be faucet to be our beat
policy, and the only atonement we can make for
our past sins against Spanish America:
LAS CASA&

bream:mien, we spited to bare done it without
binding ourselves to teeirthe eolonieh united with
the suother.couutry. There was in such a treaty
no sort of reciprocity ; we gave the Spaniards teu
times more than they could hope for, or ever be
able to repay us, in the inadmissible hypothesis of
their triumph over BONAPARTE. Our policy was
sery plain, for any other men but the present Ali.
nisters....to give whatever assistance we might
judge .proper to Old Spain, if we bad any reason to
expect that an effeletual diversion could thus be
operated in favour )of Austria, if we thought a
now coalition possible, or likely to have a better
issue than the preceding ones; but never to stipu.
late agalitst one interests and tint of the Attie-
!)
ricsns.
Agatisetbk rexionine' it mik' bi argur4ll.4Ala
we bare it alviayit in out pewee to separate Amen,
rice from Spain ; and that as soon as we have re-
to abandon the defence of, the latter, we
thalligataotly turn our vies 'tpivards the emati.
cipation of the tomer : this is the sophistical ex-
alts which is is the months of • all the. friends of
Admini,tratien. It dues not, however, regetre
touch sagacity t," perceive the faltacyef this as:
sortie's, which indeed has Won answered mast sa.
•- •

tisfactu.ily by a Ministerial writer In. a : da_lly It has long been a desideratum aids the posses.
Print, of April 23, 18013, a here it was ably eon- sore of the Cape of Good Hope, to promote an
tended, that the poss. bijou of Spain by. lieu lITIA see extensive intercourse witb the numerous tribes
might v..rjr m
... „...an,,y enable him to ima,_m.. ,____ •:e Aka v which inhabit the Southern Districts of the vast
ilennisula of Africa. Qn thisstaitct., •lejter;''uf
if &Wand did nut hasten. to proclaim their-Mt: whit*. the 1. ire • . •
.., u lug is an stiedeViolladittl ie-
. ..
irendeisee. Not to speak of what our comment" ceived : ~,..,,t:
has sire tdy lost by procrastination, let us sad, ~ ('ape of Good illikilkl, y. 1809.
cc entertain some expeclatauti of rallies iis on
whether the main object itself his nut been sib the coast with the party sent by his Lordship( tetril
much einbarrosed by our misconduct as to render CA LEno3)i into the interior. They hadliedetrated
its execution problematic, while hot. year it was in D•cember so far as lat. 25. and long. SL ao teat
there is every hope of their having by this time
extremely easy and subject to nip ailverse• cfiiisee.
reached some •of the Portagnese Settlements.—
We shall find, on the contviryi that (Mir 'enemy I The informatiou Which they have already sent
acquired a greater prnbabilityri!, ..imetimpliibing
*down is interesting. The country • which the.)
his designs on Spanish America; whom subjuga. have pulled through is rich and fertile, with
;numerous rivers, all
lion 1 can yenta. e baldly and confidently to pre_
heed their courses to the Wof which Wilma ably
est. The tribes whii ti
diet. if Ministers Auld persist in their narrow.
•. they have met with ark peareablj inclined, and
..
minded schemes, awl isi Hseir impolitic. Ai
:.i_i____n- it appears not unlikely that they may in time be
profitable connections with Spain. r-y liJ r brought to some kind of intercourse or trade *ith
;this settlement, a circumstance n huh I conceive
After our attempt on Buenos Ayreatmellonte
woold be most beneficial to then, in spite of all
Vile.), it is hardly to be expected AMA* A 1
that Vattdint has *titles), whose Hottentot Al.
~,
Kraus should look iipien,i4s the* frivulvli---un- , gels, in a wild state, were eettaiiil y fictions • • til hs • s
Wei. indeed, We give Atinithe ,welt unequivocal wan brain. The camel has been Seen, but it is
not mentioned Whether wili, or tkeAring tuvrehan.
Motleys of our gousi biliiiiions. What must the'
doze from some distant quarter. All this you will
Aweiieris think of Illation who, after hiviN ;
. no Alottlit in a slort tune hear the partieutars sg,
!ir.ons.c.l them liberty awd itorlepend..nre, asp 11, 'na any information ewniniinieated by Lord Charm.
' • like Geuerat A rhnsoty's I titers netts Ittnate Video t Pic- DO3 on thi, subject, will soon he spread amp
t.,.,,t N0ti40,t,04 to the American', pabtished 41 Viol 1 London... Sop! skips of different animals hid
4c. 4c. _,-1 • ' I baed sent down, but none very curium."

either to submit quietly or the Alairquis of Acrom
jive peoreisi4ielf
.aiss *ryas ollabelves frm
aitgliOr, a Dictators .. ingLittouraSpaitish c
Whatever;' sod e*hos to succ
Rut have treatedwith de. fas attesP6 °al)
'ltfarce4 that 1E414-4heti
•be
9 our inter-
D( 846 i A
•. • .
