F

(DEBATS—Costiourdi runt 2d pap.)
COLOPILL 801111.
On oar return to the Gallery, we found Mr., GREY
13E NNET on his legs, ceiling the attention of the House
to the We of Col. Home, of the 311 Foot Gaudy. He said
that he had taken great pains to collect accurate informs-
on the subject, end then brought a question before the
Nuse, which affected the character of an injured and ho-
nouraoble officer,,as well as that of the British ermy in
general. The Alcor in question entered the service In ISIS,
fought in the Peninsula, and received particular notice for
his gallantry at the battle of Waterloo. lie there took the
post of Hogyemont, which was called the key of the posri-
tion. Oh his return to this country, he became a partne
ki a trading mining. concern—he became what was called a
sleeping partner, and was prevailed on to do so on the
Misrepresentations, as they were afterwards admitted to be,
of the other partners. In the summer of 1514, he went to
France, and on his retorts beard various rumours as to tke
ruinous state of the concern. lie sent his brother into
Worcestershire to inquire into the actual state of the bosh-
sees, the result of which was, that Colonel Home offered
env terms to the other partners to let Mm out. That they
refused to do, end still kept up his liability. His next step
eras, under the *deice of Counsel, and for his own protect
lion, only to eccept bills drawn by his brother on him.
which he accepted in the name of the firm. The object by
so doing was to draw the whole business Into* settlement.
A short time after, when Colonel Home was in Scotland, he
vies informed that a gross and malicious placard was et-
-111131(.4 reflecting upon his character. He Immo* wrote
to his agent to investiate it, and from the sts sebieli were
taken, it was proved g
to be totally unfoundeep d. The very
agent to his opponents declared, by a letter of 1817, that
his conduct was of the most honourable and gentlemanly
nature. In n short time after this Colonel Home was sure
'prised to receive a letter front Colonel Hill of the Cards.
elder, Oat it was considered necessary to appoint a Court
of Implies' for the purpose of investigating certain wanes°.
Mons in which Colonel Home was connected with the firm
of Salisbury rod Company, with a view of ascertaining of
1-them whether there were sufficient grounds fur a Court
Martial. Another letter shortly followed explaining the
caries of complahut. First, that Colonel Home accepted
• e.otain bills in the name of Salisbury and Co., pertkmarly
oat: for e3Ol. when he was restricted by the terms of partner.
ship front so doing. Secondly, for asserting and swearing
by affidavit that he was ignorant of any such restrictive
elflaSe in the articles of ugreement ; and, lastly, for include.'
Quarter-Master Westenra to receive in his name en injunc-
tion front the Court of Chancery, which was directed against
Col. Hume. After some further correspoudence, the Court
met on the 25th January. ISIS, and the Stith came to certain
resolutions, tchielt he (Mr. Bennet) considered as most
gel, and and without foundation in evidence-40 directly in the
teeth of the °eidetic.; so inattentive were they to form, that
they omitted to receive any evidence of Col. Home, being a
partner in the firm of Salisbury led Co: Col. House in a
short ti•tiveceived a letter from . the Secretary to the Duke
of Giouceiter, steting that he wee commanded to inform him
tie his Royal Ilightes+ the Duke of York had seen rho re-
port of the Court of Ingairy, and on that report had decided
t.at Col. Home could not remain in the service motor such
etsteeme Aleitout circling his character by a Court-Martial.
('ol. limit immediately cxpre:eed his anxiety 'or a Court
Martial. The Honourable Member here went into a de-
tailed e ceount of the proceedings of the Court of In-
tiiry. and read at length the opinions of the Judge Ad.
vocete. It appeared that the Judge Advocate consi-
dered that the de, lara•iou of a Court Martial would affect
• the civil question in a Court of Law as to the liability on
come of the Bills, and it aas therefore better, torier
all
tf,erircumstancee of the case, to embody another Court
of ineeiry into ao honourable investigation of the in-
tendon and cotidnet of Colonel Home, than to. appoint,
the mere formal tribunal of a Court Martial. The Hoe. I
Member (Mr. Iknnet)strieraly animadverted on• such a
principle being adopted; and put it to the Neryers in tbe
Home, if there werepany, any, ifjostice should be administerrier
Br
opinions red not by facie. There was no term of me.'
proach, however severe, which the proceedings• of the
Court of luquiry dal not merit. It was most unjust and
niquitous to submit use character and fairly earned emo
Inaients of au officer of merit to the decision of a Court,
the members of which were trot ma'orn, the witnesses
bofore which were not scorn, and elm were even unable
to chneel the attendance of nuwilling whet-twee. The
Judge-Advocate gave his opinion that this officer email
n t have jestice done him before such a tribitual • at the
Petrie time that be declared be might before another
viii
ferently roue' ituted. flot the gteat complaint against
Colonel Home was, that he drew these bills in direct
violation, of the articles of partnership, of which he
was entirely coe,noseent, and to which he was a party.
--He (Mr. B.) denied that Cohntel Home ever wae
a par to teis agreement. This lie, contended
to be the feet, from the omission of hie name to the article
of partnership, and from hie having never received them.
Another charge was that of Isis withdraesing himself
from the service of the injunction before the Coert of
Chancery. But, in this latter part of his conduct, be
. (Mr. It) contended that there was nothing unbecoming
or unzeutlemanlv. Besides, the evidence to this fact
was far from conctuelve. The state of thh case appeared
to be this: Colonel Home was confined to his bed at
. Windsor When the injunction came dosn to be served.
Mr. Winning'on, the. Solicitor, to whom that service
• was committed, came to the Colonel's quar'ers to inquire
for him, and there met with a person in coloured clothes,
to whose questions reepecting his business with the Co-
lonel, .however, he refuted to give any answer, to. ' This
• •persotetnrned out to be Qoarter•master Weatenra, who,
as Mr. Witutington said in his evidence, had instructions
front Col: Home to personate him,. so as to avoid the ser-
vice of the injunction. The glarter-maeter, however,
and the Colonel's seri ant denied that he had any such
instructions 'from Colonel Home. This was a strong
contradiction n
t 6 the evidettee of Mr. Wineingto, of
whom he (Mr. B.) did not wish to say any thine It ash,
• sod ee should.therefore content himself wait saying that
• possibly be might have made a mistake in his evidence.
leis evidence' of the Quarter-Maiter was of the greatest
• Importance, as he was nut the Witness of Colofiel Home,
bark one produced against him. After this proceeding,
• Chbefore. the forer Cout of inquiry, the Coinntande
Chief directedm another,r which was the third, to be call-
ed. At this Colonel Home never appeared at all, by the
advice of his lao yens ; and the reasons of his not
appearing, these lawyers offered to bear witness to.
Ihe conclusion to which this Court came was, as
he (NIL it.) contended. not at all warranted
•by the premises. lie now defied the Noble Lord to say
• that there was a scintilla of evidence against Colonel
Home to support the first part of the cusation, namelof
y,
that of his being privy to the articles of partuetship
1813. Yet, noiwithstending this lack of evidence against
Colotel Home. the result of the deliberetiou of the Court
' that sending a letter to the Colonel, in which it was
• intimated to him that he was removed from the Army.
but atilt leave reserved to sell his commissions of Ensign
end Lieut.-Colonel.- These produced him 1,300!.; but
lie was Dot allowed to sell his company, which was given
to hire as a reward for eighteen years service. But it
was not with the single dis elvantage of the constitution
of the Court, that Coloeel IthrueThad to cob
oat en
extd ; the
place at which the iliptiry was p
lp ruceedrel iu reme-
inconvenient, and Ills own witnesses were in France.
• The Court ea, celled for one purpose; hat used for atter
they. Under all these eircumetances, there was no re-
source left Colonel Home, beet to make an :Tile tl through
this House th the country. He (Mr. it) hoped the
geodoess or joisii,:e of his ciese had u..t suffered in his
•etntis ;- and he did rot entirely detpair of having viudi-

THE STAI

• '

- -- _
*e had nothing to do. He should oppose the prodactioo
of these papers, as a demon I of au unprecedented nature.
Courts of Inquiry were called merely to satisfy She jurtg- ,
meat of the Commander-in-Chief ; and any coniumuicee
Boos made by them beiog of 0 ersofidentiel eater', cosh&
not well be produced before this House. HelLorti P.)
did not feel himself called.wpos to follow the Min. Meal
her 10 the great variety of topics to tibia be had advert
ed, and of which many appeared to him to be iiirelevaisc ' 1
It was absolutedly necessary, however, to &Undo numeric
less to some of the facts of the case, le order toll Rpm,'
perly before the House. In the year 1813, 4 epprar-1
ed that ColooelMonte became a partner in a coaspmat 1
engaged in a mining speculation. it was for his condos:
CI
' in tins capacity that the charm which Ted to- the Croft 1
of Inquiry were preferred spinet him. Colonel Home.
became a partner, lay hairiest lowtorlaup shares to Ilse
amount of 3,1001., and **owe of the firm, of coarse, he-
came bound by all the stipulations Which were agreed to
at its comtheocement.. Now whether be was or was not
await, of the previous engagements subsisting between
Hut powers mattered little, for it was the duty of Colo-
-1061 Horne on eotering into the firm to bare tuaae himself.'
acquainted with theta. The partner, whom share he
purchased, was mimed Perch. Colonel House had not
had long experience of this connection, white be found
the concern to be a tottering one, and .that the specula-
tion is which lie had engaged was not likely to he pro-
ductive of any great advantager; disputes accordingly
.4
*ruse between him and the other twirlers, and the Colo-
nel signified his intention of ei•lidro ' hiinself alto.
getber. He (Lord P.) did not wish. WO was
right ;be was willing to admit ti ' were In
error. Neither did he quarrel with hi w Winning
himself from the firm, if he had'. ell taken os
legitimate end manly course of doing so. he whole
capital of the tient was 270900, of whi at was,
said Wore, Colonel Home's share was wily 3,1811 k•
Colonel Home, although the lest who bad a right toed's*.
plain, took meant of ridding himself of vie partnership
discreditable to him in tho extreme. By the articles of,
agreement, all the partners were prevented from draw
ing or endor‘ing bills of exchange egeept the manager..
But Colonel Home construing this engagement not to:
extend to " accepting," had his brother to di aw Mittel
upon him, which he accepted. Now, although this tm-
struction, in a technical seism. might be correct; it was%
certainly ungentlemanly and dislionunrable -to put suchl
a construction upon it. In a discussion upon the greed
tion afterwards in a Court of law, Lord Ellenborsaminl
decided, that the drawing of bill by his brother whilst
acting as his agent, made it in all respects his arm open
the principle law "qui. Tacit per allure. /iiii; per. Sc. i
It was clear that the value g.iveu fur the bills eel quite I
fictitious, fur as they came into the hinds of umbrella-
makers, comb-makers, and cloth-makers, the object''
clearly was to bring them all into the market, and IN
fix the concerti smith their amount. The bills were
drawn in the name of David /loam, but as this was de-
clare! to be the same as if the olel imself kad I
diewnt them, Ise hail so fat violated t Cheon agrehement into
which as partner he catered. Ile (Lord P.) was at a
loss tome upon what grounds this transaction could be j
vindicated. lie knew that the concern was in a &din-
Lag mato, and that it did nut even pay the 'Merest of 115
capital. The payment of •these bilk, therefore, should i
be 111A.1t1 out of their capital. But could Colonel Horne
say, that he had been unfairly dealt with; Certaiuly I
not. He had entered jute the concern with his eyes
open He (Lord P ) again asserted, that nothing could
justify Colonel Hume, who was the smallest partnmm er, in
ti ithdr awing hie gallimi from that.cencersi• The so at
fur which Ise, drew term 4,590/.,- *tit it appeared that no
nsortmeisan his own slime *lts mall erogas go inta, the
market. But if Colonel Home bad sictrbt to draw to
any amount, be had a right to 44* fot ,atlq Airtmate ralpi-
tal of the concern. Aet applicatiOn fattegenknally nsmiq
by the totters of these bills to the Coati of,Chancery
fur au injunction to restrain Colodel Home from issuing
any more, lest he shaittl injure the property to i mush.
The injutrtion being ' granted,, Mr. Wit.itington
was charged with 'jibe service of it.-----The No-
ble• Lord then refaced te.,the evidence of the other
Witnesses• to this Wet, from which .lie contended
it was clear that Colonel Home was awaeCof the 'more
of the injunction, and lied employed a prison to repre-
sent hint, and so @hole `the service of this process. Of
this contact, which was certainly most ougentletimuly
sad unothcer like, the Court of Inquiry found inns guilty.
Bub in fact, the first &eke which the Cournauder-io-
Chief had of this transaction, was by his limits; his at-
tention called to a placard which was posted up in all
~parts of the metropolis. Counter-placards afterwards a--
peered, issued, it must be presumed, by the friends of
,Clonel lims, vindicating his conduct ; hut the Noble
• Lord asked,n was, this the way in which a Lieut.-Colood
of the Guards should reply to such en Weak? The
Noble Lord here produced an immense placard, which
was the one alluded to. He (Lord P.) had no hesitation
in saying now that it was the original intention of the
Commauder-in-Chief to have brought Colonel Home to
a Court Martial, but the Judge Advocate gave an opinion
against the measure, ou the 'ground that it involved
questions affecting third parties. Colonel bonus having
applied to he Courts of Law to ascertain whether the
production of these papers could be insisted upou, was
answered by Chief Justices Abbott and Dallas, that the
Minutes of a Court of Inquiry could not be demanded,
though those of a Court Martial might. But it was not
true that. a Court of Inquiry was either unconstitutional
or novel in its principle. 'I here were now to he filund
Records of Boards of Inquiry, as far back as the middle
of the last century, and there could be no doutt but they
,existed long before. The Noble Lord then read at
length the opinions of the Chief Justices upon the case+
submitted to them. The gist of these ripinions was, that
as the King had it always in Isis power to dismiss Lis
officers, the bringing
wiserthm before a Court of Inquiry, as
a preparatory step, ther an set of kindness than
otherwise.. After spine,nioo obsereatlena in the to
strain, the. \ ohlifrordcOntlniled by iiiiinnpluirfalill
the remoras urged he slionid amide the mottoitl •
Mr. BENNET spoke in reply, and said ii .14 mike
was refused he should be sttisthol in kuowing, that in the
mind and jtolgnient of the public souse jastice.weull be
done to this moot, injured individual. If this system
was to go on,. it would have the effect of making the
worthiesunen look to some other profession than gnat of ,
a serice in wch tey wre to be at the mercy of
thosev anthoritieshi h who coulde injure and insult theta with
Wipe ni ty.
The motion was then negatived without a division.
N£WPOUNDLAND.
Mr, WILMOT rose pursuant to notice to Move for leave
to bring Ina Bill to amend the laws iti the Colnny of New-
foundland. He said the measure he was shout to propos:.
would embrace three distinct objects; the. first was, to in-
troduce amendments In the state of the. laws ?elating to the
tisiteries. to encourage the cultivation of the soil, and im-
prove the law relatingao marriages. In the second place it"
was intended t 1 iittroduce impravements ic the Courts of
Justice, so that justice might he administered conformably
to British Jerisprhdecce; and the third objtet was the insti-
tution of a local power to make aye-laws for the regulation
of particular districts. He admitted that many ineonve-
nieoces and abates existed in this colony. in consequence of
the Imperfect coustruc.ion of Courts of Justice, and tit., im-
-roper coadeet of the persons presiding in them. These;
He

WWI.
•eats before the Rouse with laforoistios as to the state
if those I.:Wattles before say measure of this kiwi was

adopted.
Dr. LUSIIINGION was convinced that the two sys•
trios of jurisdictions could not go tan ;together, and wished
to know whether the consent of the inhabitants bail been
obtained fur the proposed alterations : if not, it would he
most uust to legislate for them without knowing whs.-
' ti the proposed measures were likely to be approved by
them, or were conformable to their habits.
Mr. WILMOT said be founded this measure on a his•
tory which had been published respecting is colony.—
lie said there were peculiar circumstances in the state of
soriity in Newfoundland, which would render it impos-
sible to ealloet the opinions of the inhabitants as to the
regulations which Uoverntuent might think tit to esta-
blish here, awl for iehich Government would take the
whole responsibility on themselves. The SUMO circurn-
stanesajorould also render it necessary to continue many
of the earsepuir jorittlistiarns. Ile did not conceive it or-
eossart play any dooumeots before the Howse, because
hertnaly.did irt know. what documents could be applica-
ble totisitll.,.
Mr. ilt. A. TAXLOR said he r 4 otild rejoice at any men-
shr• that 'Alit to comet the erroneous abuses itiNew-
fouttdrandi Isotail the mischief in that colony arose from
the late treaty with the United States of America, by
which the whole of the tiepin trade there was thrust u
open. The British fishermen took their property away
from the trade, becaose they were undersold by the
American.. 'lbis trade was the only source of wealth
in the.adolony, for the soil prodpred nothing, and Out
,
pepplptenteotarving. Thus had his Majesty's Ministers
y, and such a Bill us tlos would nut re•
v,
tha•
Ilr. HUME observed, that Goveruteent bad no inform-
ation, they acre not in a couilition to legislate; and if
I traiimisilltt►; into:.
tbefiriol sock information it was their iltityto lay it be-
fore ilia.Hoisee. As to the history of the colony whieb
1141 been alluded to, the House might as e ell refer to
" Hume's • History of Eitglane —(A laugh,)—rue
• .Ifilkiiii g alterations in the blab and Constitution of
this country.
Mr. 'FULK aa:ri, be was of opinion that nothing
:should I e ha.tily done iu thi. Liminess, hut that it should
be perviously sobastitted to the inhabitants •of thee
colony.
1 The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,if
1, any Maw, attached to Government for the Treaty of the
I United State* of ,linerica, he took that blatne to himself.
; for be signet that Treaty. The Americans hail the right
-of fish-rf by the Treaty of 17011, and in 1615 they cos-
i tend. d for list 5.11115 tight, and the British Governmeut
gave it up to them by compromise, as the must Wriest-
I ble coarse that coubl tie adopted. We gave up to the
I United Slates the privilege of dr)ittg their fish in one
oar
Et tei rel.: Ise arose rso s et spot,
di
thhee *coatleesesrsetoinh a-
tfoureti;trerigerdelacteerwpart
of the South of Eurcpe ass now supplied with fish by
British merchants. .
Leave was then givro to bring in the Bill.
Dr, LUSIIINUTON said, that in moving for Irate to.,
bring ie a Bill to consolidate and amend the generel '
I, ecaettneuts raating to forgery, it was not his intention
I
to make the slightest alteration iv the present law, by
i either creatiug a capital punishment where it did nut ex- '
I hit, ordiutioishiag a capital punishment where it ili:I 1
I exist. The ebject of the Bill was to assign punisloneut
Ito-certain offeuex where 800 ions existed. It was well
' known that there was no punishment nose attactiel to
the Milner
of burning wills,,an (Settee which WAS of fre-
i
vent uecurreuct within his espe4ence. Within the
hot six moults there ‘scr.! Lo leas than three hist:oleo; '
of the kind. to his knowledge. it )tat} for the purpose of 1
snugging • .pnoiskigt to welt offence that he wished to 1
introtioce the Dill. ille proposed thot,l4 slioald stand
loser -till next Session, that it tedelit Imre an opportunity
of undergoing every consideration. Thu lion. tientleumn
'coucluiled by inuring for leave to tiring is a Bill to con-
solidate and utneid thegeneral euactinet.ts relaing to fur-
gerv.---Agreed to.
The LORD AnvocATc obtained have to bring in
a Bill fur the looses regulation of the Sheriff's. Court in
Scotland.

. •
ISALF-PAT PENSIONS IN IRELAND.
General (MSCUYNE complained of the hardship of
the present system, in snaking the- payment of half-pay
officers arid widows in Irish currency merely incidental
upon their residence in that country. It prevented the
residence of that class in that country, the wautof which
nes now so flinch deplored—naniely, a resident gentry,
by imposing a tax of Si per cent. upon their residence.
The Lion. Member concluded by musing for a copy of the
warrant of the 6th of the present month, issued trout the
War Office, ordering that the pensions of half-pay officers
and widows, and orphans of officers, residing to Deland,
should be paid in Irish currency.
Lord PALMERSTON said that he would not oppose
the motion of the Hon. Member, but he thought that be
should have also moved for copies of the warrants issued
in Sept. and May, in order to give the House the fullest
information upon the subject. Ile did not think it un-
reasonaltte that those resident in Ireland should be pant
in Irish currency, when it was considered that they paid
for every article they used in that currency. If an ahem-
tion Awes to he made in bayou of half-pay officers in Ire-
laud, it would produce a difference of one hundred thou-
sand punnda a-year.
Gen.IiNSCOYNE explained.
Sir J. NEWPORT said that the Noble Lord should
recollect that those who were paid in Irish currency were,
however, obliged to pay the taxes in British currency.—
He maintained that so far from attaching a penalty of Si
per cent. upon the residence of lialf-pay Officers in Ire-
land, there was no class of men whose residence in that
country ought to be more encouraged, because there
were none who could more contribute to improve the in-
Mint of the country by the valuable store of information
they had acquired. The Noble Lord forgot that there
was no penalty imposed upon a residence in France.—
They who went to reside in that country were still plaid
in British cutreucy. It was a strange anomaly that it was
only in tat counry where their residence s most
wanted, that they incurred a penalty for choosinwag it as
their abode.
Mr. HUME lieped that the pay' of all the army would
be put un an equal footing. He entirely concurred in the
sentiments of the Hon. Baronet.
The motion was agreed to.
Lord PALMERSTON then moved for copies of the
Warrants issued trot' the War office in Sept. and May of
last year, ordering officers on half-pay, and widows and
orphans of officers, receiving allowances in Ireland, to be
pankin British corrency.—Agrced to.
excise sten cusTosis.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose t
move fur leave to bring in a Bill to'consolidate certain.
Revenue Departments of Great Britain and "reknit!. The I
Right Rol. Gentleman observed, that the Commissioners t
of Iniptiry bad furnished so much information on the
subject of the Excise in Ireland, that it was only neces-
sary to state to the Howe the principle he was desitous
to recommend. The three Boards of Excise in England
and Ireland consisted or 39 persons, receiving adequate
salaries ; all these Boards mere under the superiti,end-
nice of the Treasury, lint an uniformity of practice
coul.l nut lie expected. Every body must be aware that
nuiforwity of practice as dsira.ble, and in order t••
- rid of defects o eccasioned by irregularity,

would always be resident Commissioners in S••otland and
Ireland. The Boards would Rei in conformity, and pro.
dues a considerable saying, of expense. Th.•e lion. lien-
demon then concluded Ky moving for leave to bring in
the Bill.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT eonsidered the measure entitl,d
to support. It was a proceeding foouded uo the enlighten-
ed principles which had done the Commissioners of Inquiry
the greatest houour.—Leave nes giv.n to brine io the
Dr. LUSIIINGTON obtained leave to brim/ in a Bilk
to facilitate the examituation of witnesses in foreign parts.
SLAYS TC•OC.
Mr. F. BIATONI woved for copies of eouumtnicalione
made to the Directors of the East India Company respect-'
ing the Sieve Trade, and stating the period at whi.4i the
territory where slavery exists. came tinder the domildub of :
the Company. The lion. Nleinber also reeved for rehires
respecting the number of females who haul bunted them-
selves oe the funeral pile of their husbands in ludic, sleets
July, IS2 I.—Ordered.
The Prisons' Bill was read lb. third• time and passed.
The other Orders of the Day were disposed of, and 4141
°use scijourued at Wilt-past Out.

-----
blexsioN•nover.—Mr. OlVeoingewv, a gentleman
from Cork, Ives:charge' before the Loma Ma rut with „
having obtained the runt of 7s. 6.1. front a Jew lea eller, ;
Ruder false preteuces, and then threatened to cane and
shin him.
The complainant said, that Mr. O'Woolaltawn came •
to 1616,110 p and opened his mind by saying, that lie hare.
e.
come doplicates of great value, which a t etr
Kelley obliged hini to dispose of, and that wealth am}
beauty were in &measure dependent upon the mem 0.4 •
rpeculation. Mr. O'Wtso'.ahawn thru Judges the duple.
caw of a diamond rind, upou which a paienbroilter bs4
ins it was that sup d, Brut the tutu of 21.11 k., in- t .ts.
hands of the lea eller,. who contented to let hies have 7s.
Gd. until the value •44. the article should be known. The,
jeweller set off se tins pawnbroker, wile eyfuied to shoe( : b
tilt ring without the whole of the *lruiptionnioneve. '''
woe o hen hr got the anioune put isitothe bawls of the. - -
astonished Jew one of the must vile deceptions Beet twee ••
issued faun Birmingham. The jtnveVer'ilesiroit tubas&
his 21. 104. back, indignant at the inapositloo;
.bat,the
pawnbroker ob.erred that the value hat Lilin, awl sled
he had kept the rue leng-eaceigh. There use tiocti a.'
appeal but to Mr. O'Woolabown..wito roMed to pay t e
money, and threatened to whys the jeweller and strii,
hint, Mot of his clothes and then of his skin, foe •dariug
etooalb:ehissejoY
uutbillelilwieoafswaatbs epnuill4ieutwilfteitililltitu444 Itli!-Itye
•L;toord
67.141414seitee.;..e.Irliolintittuebiels :
`dots of cunt, kept rogether by a rein sliell•of jeweller',
golli:eadnedfitiltxuatlitperolu!pagh.tib.ye attlilocntut,l,viet studil,elivn
witnesses,that he had purchased the itupliceu from a
Inmate and that he was not at all, the in in to tideivraJl
body. lie thought that he vauld not fairly be cAllet
mom to ply the 2/. 10s. and ae foe the swift if leetid.,t •
Iwhich he had borrowed. that Went fee an tioraveitilleeleiiiti
fur a "wife," and lite Jeweller elmatd imetett•oiCOesse
as the purpoem wes mistesered. As i.e. Om tlitesA, hi
twee Incase to do the Jew ally harm, es ht taps a wot 4
unteliallit, no Chris:Lei, and ^a perste& -of coruOleitiesttl
very small dimensions. In, 'weever, a trees,keee. *tee
such language, the tense should have been of ette.istoil
danECTtllti natute. •is' s' * 1
heft Luau &leat Sal fi there wee escizatle,,for
0 . -0.-0 4
charge egainst the def •led:int,- but_ . , .1.
pswiihroker was most culpable. .• ._;‘,.r. ' ...- . . :.-1
• The clerk rif the pa w durok-r declared 1.101,./ere;001,
lent the V srae 11
. Ws. opus% the ring, thinking .it. - I
slaicr .:
diamond..
The Jew then set gut in quest of the vi omen. with Hie •
determination to pruserute her mad ;he .pawntreoleee,
upou the advice of the Loup Mewrits for comeiracy.- 1
lioweaxa sex e-eY este rday 4Namat el IT 'axlsbrodkwmone. t,'
i brought before kir. Halls Ly Visliep, one of tier prime-
I rat office's, charged net sittwei n et leing coueteded is
`breaking unto the silk warehouse of Messrs. Shute. aed
Reeky, of Ivy-lane. Newgate street, and stealing silks •
\to the salmon, of 1,0110/. aed ups malt. .
Alessrs. Shute and Bayley, Lave silli.mills -actl stare.
houses, a short distance from Watleed, Her's; ou the
discoveredrnintor ni
andupo lfutFil'aeraditedratelYideleal:fctis'llitilell:l];:ol°4‘f'fErFlElillegliniai nidsgtio:tenhitelbil rtvurailk:e4
above stated. Inforniatioa was immediately traustuite .1
to this office, and Bishop went down to make ingairy.— 1
Upon an examination of the premises, he was of opitien •
f,
Modeof ,I
that the robbery was effected by, or with the privity o
some rson who
He learned was sell acthqatuaintethe prisonerd with the easiest '
\ access. had been
employed id the inenufactory several years ; that abort a
1 foetrught previuusly be had left the service of Messrs.
Shute and tlayley without assignin4 any cense, and that
be was seen near the mills on the night of the robbery—
With this information Bishop proceeded to Greene ich
and apprehended the prisoner, who, on being qoestioiled,
said lie knew nothing about the rolibery • sad that he
was at home during the.whole of the night upon
,which
it was said to have been comieitted.
Anne 'litmus, a yeoman Haze near the mills at Wat-
ford, was examined as to the fact of the prlsuiter Irvine-
on the spot on the night of the robbery, and she swore •
that she saw hint between nine and telt-o'clock un that
night, within a few yards of the mills. She hail-known
bite, she said,
.for 30 years, and could not he mistak. A i
and she mentioned, when she reeched home, too nriels-:
boor, that she had seen Sam. Washbrooke, and she 6111.`'
posed be was come back for work et the mills atrain.•
The neighbour alluded to corroborated this4ast cir-
cumstance.
The prisoner, in defence, sttenninsty-denied the truth
of this woman's evidence, and said she ought to be ashane,
ed to show her face in a Cutlet of Justice;. Site was the.
means of transporting her own husband; and had since,
been living with, anti had children by a returned teens-,
port, who, as she well knee, had a wife end child".
alive.
Tbe witness—,lt does not signify what I have hed..4 _
never bad any Ily you, had I [a laugh)? I '
The prisoner went on to say that lie amid bring wife
nesses to prove that be was at home cii the nilitit in veer
lion, and that lie had left Messrs. Slim... ;red Bayley
because he had got a better job at Mr. Name's .tt Grist,
with.
Ile has remanded for further examination, and adviee4
to bring alLthe witnesses he could on a fiiture day.
---- - -
DIED.—At Teddineton, Middlesex, in hisl7th ye r,
Wood. Esq. of the King's Resieenbrancer'seellee, Esebe4
quer, Temple.

i
LOURS} OF EXCHANGE.—Tingsa,ki,, • ,
tstr.... c f ..12 9 Gibraltar..:Gibraltar..:id 4
Ditmto eadam .. t
Sight ........ 12 6 Leghern....•...... .41 d
Rot t erdam.. ..... .... .12 111 Ottooa 414 11
Antwerp........... .12 9 Venice Italian his 26 II
Ilan.hurgh. . ...38 4 Malta... .. ,„ 43 , 0
Alton* ..... ...• ....313 5 Naples ...... .
Paris, 3 days' sight, .2.5 60 Pa.eritto.. • ... rOA III
Ditto i6 19 I.isban
80rdeaux....... ....16 10 Oprto.. ............ 314 U
Frani. fort on Ihe Slain 1513 Rio Janeiro ......... 43 0
Petersburg 3us p role 9 Bahia .. , ............ II
Berlin.. ..Cur Dolls 7d 7gr. Dublin. ........... .. .. 01 0
Vienna. Er. g m....u0 10 36 Cork .............. ) 0
Trieste ditto. ..... —.lO 3/5 nutston. per 03.
Madrid 364 U POTttlgal g4.ldincoin.nt.tlBo
Cadiz .....30 0 Forciengeld in bats3l 1701
•37 U New 110U1)100011.... IC 14
.0 4 U
