TilF, PPATPSMAY4I

This Article arse *doped (by Megaton rising sod
iteepiag.asets) by a bads majority.
Ii web themes' en Ae propeeitiow of the ether
Atticlesfof the Preject, to the following tenon, :
Art. Al. For the esecetion of the peeeedieg article,
the Budget of 1810 shall include besides the year
1819, the first sin sleuths of 18110. •
Art. 3. The estimates of the direst eeettlbutions
of 1819 shell be valid anti) the Ist of July, 1810, as
oleo the Laws relative to the collection of Assessed
Tales for the service of the State.

Art. 4. The credit which will be open for the sor-
ties of the Goveroment during the present Session,
.ill inclado Ibe necessery espenees fee the year
1819. and an addition of the fends ntcessary to
moat the "'pence, of the same service during the first
4a moethe of 18510. In conformity to this regulation,
ibe Ministers will provide a Soppleasentary Budget
for sic months, which, added to that for 1819, will
form a Budget for 18 months.

The whole of rho Law was pot to the vnty, and
patted by a majority of 32. rho nombers were, 132
for lb* LAW, and 100 asaintt it.

FEBRUARY 17.

The 13encli of Ministers vies occupied by Marshal
Grodion Saint Cyr, Minister of War, M. Allen',
Under•Secretery to 'he save depertmeist ; end M.
Mathieu Deeds, Commission"r of the King.—A
Report was made from the Committee of Petitions.
The manufacturers of tobacco et Toelon,the Chamber
Commerce of Strasberc, end the planted of Lisle and
the arrondisammeuts of the Department of the North,
the Merchants of Nantes, the Minimal of the Chem.
bar of Commerce of St. Omer, and several
petitioned spinet the monopoly of tobacco. Their
Petition was referred to the Commission on the Pro-
ject of Law Motile to that article of commerce.
The Prince de Broglie presented an application of
the Benedictine nuns of Saint Farina, in t►e De.
pediment of the Yonne, compleitting that the Career
their parish prohibited diem. under the penalty of
interdiction from the menagerie, from reeding the
" Moral Reflections of Father Queried," with which
they were eosinss to edify ehem.►lves. The Com-
mission proposed the Order of the Day on ibis Pe-
tition, as it referred to the direction of the consci.
ence of the Petitioners, which could not become the
subject of discussion in the Chamber.
A Petition was presented, praying the repeal or
■odikation of the Ministerial Circular of the 18th
Nieto", year 1 t, which forbids marriages between
•.grew and whites. The Commission proposed the
Onler of the Day on this application, as the G.•vern.
meet of the King had already annulled the Minis.
teas! Circeler complained of, and had enjoined the
Authorities in the colonies to conform themselves in
felon to the eaisting lees, which do not prohibit
ewes wierriages.

M. LAII/4 as Vsurvereur mitt, that this Petities
I referred to • matter of the greatest importance, se
involving great colonial and political Werra,. " A
decree which proceeded horn that despporism, pride,
and blindness, which presided et the arrangement of
the murderess expeditien to St. Domingo, in 1802
(said the orator), most be annulled with Indignation ;
*aerials, that rich colony is lost for ever; reconcili-
ation becomes impossible between the blacks and the
greet family of the French People, and yea consecrate,
as much as in you lies, the fatal prejudice of the ark-
tecrocy of colour—the most absurd of aristocracies
(a legth), and the most hostile to the prosperity of the
colonies, and of the mother country. I know that io
eetaining the desire of recovering St. Domino, you are
too wise, too humane, and too volightmaed, tacos-
mire the project of bending under the yoke of slavery
'the victorious front of 500,000 people who inhabit
that country. It is only by your respect for the
equality proclaimed by the Charter, and by the
maintenance of public liberty, that you can ley the
foundation of ao eternal reconciliation between the
colony of St. Domingo and France; bet yes must
know, that frequent marriages between the whites
and people of colour are the surest invests of eatin-
geishing hatred and resentments." The orator con-
cluded by proposing, that an bumble Address be pre-
sented to the King, praying that the Circular is ques-
tion be annulled.

M. PAIQUIti said, that the Ministry bed already
destroyed the effect of the Circular; sod lb. Cham-
ber, after this esphseatioo, passed to the Order of
the Day. Several other Potisions were brought for.
ward, orse for permission to expert grain, which was
referred to the Minister of the loterior ; one from
the Electors of lb. Sara*, praying fur the convoca-
tion of the Electoral Colleges; and Gaffs of less im-
portance. The Chamber then proceeded to the dis-
cussion of the Project of Law on the manufacture
and commerce of saltpetre.

deaths. The gredtest mortality am •adag ehildrea
ender 10 yeera date, and went among profit'. from
60 to 65 years of ego. In tlbn Fascists( Peacetime
leas attained the ap between 135 and 140. Tee
number of marrieges was 321,663.
Braun, Fon. 9.—Their Rnyal Haglinytnis the
Hereditary Grand Doke mad Mow and Prier*
Pool of Meeklenbarg Schwerin are wow bete, and
also the Deka end Hocken of Cemberlaed.

STOCK Isom, t•ee. t—Ao Acid article In the
Gincrie of to-day states, ilmt • mei Tariff of Evart
Duties is drawn up, and will ghostly be pet its force;
the chief basis of which is, tkat the importation of
no goods shall be prohibited eacept of some few, th.
importation of which would cease a sa►city of some
raw materiel neceseity to the country, or In Some
ether m lnes and injury; and that all goods
which may be expected in Swedish vessels (cense-
qeently timber), may be imported in foreign vessels
*lon, without any limitation to certain quantities, Of
any dilierence in the duties, vierpt that the former
are to pay five, and the latter ten per cent. of the
value; but all good*, the duties on which is onlj
orris* *killings (or pence) per the 100 dollars, may
be shipped in foreign vessels without ■ny seg-
mentation of the duty. The safigatinn fines on
without interreplion, and vessels even clear out of
Russian ports, a thing very onusesl at this mason.
Ilambergh fr.:eche:lgo on Loudon, Feb. 12.-34,
11.-33. R.

ritit:E or proms 111111
Hank !Mack %Re
9 per rem. it.a.771
1 per Get. Coseel. iq
it Ire end. %
imic*.for Ace. 761
4 per Gat. 96

SPAY Al ONE IPEI
6 per Cerg. Nary 106
toga Hook €7 1
Lorg Ana ID 5-16
Etc Amos, Mb a 10
Omaha=

7'111; BrATESMA X.
