CONSVLS.

On the question for a House going into a Committee
of Surlily.
Mr. 11C ME begged to call the attention of the House
to the expense incurred fur Consols at the Itsazils. A
British merchant in that part of toe world was exposed
to a charge of one per cent. upon his goods. This had
beets forbidden by the Noble Marone', some time ago,
but ht, had catintermanded his order, and the practice of
charging this per centage waif now revived. The duties
were not performed by the Constildieneral, but by the
Vice-Coosa% alto exacted these fees. This tax span
English commerce operated as a premium to the Ame-
ricans, who were not exposed to it. The Noble Mar-
quess bad on a former occasion defended the expense,
but adverting to the high price of provisions at the
Brazils; hut be (slr. 11.) lia.l the best information that
provisions there were in geodel cheaper than in Eng•
land. He trusted that something would be done to re-
minty this grievance; anal foC that purpose' he moved •
Resoltition es ling the fact, that 77,64101. had been re-
ceived by Consuls at the firasils within -the six years
preceding, besides 12,000/. for salaries and allowances,
mud that such large emoluments were extravagant and
unnecessary, and ought to he reduced.
The 3,larquess of I,ONOONDEItRY said, that nn a
former ce.casion he haul stated that these fees were

about to by revised, and that they were then under con-
sideration. lie was now willing to go into an inquiry
on the subject ; but he could not consent to postpone the
public bosi ors% until this complicated question was dis-
posed of. Ile had a right to complain a little of the ex-
aggeration of the lion. Member, though be admitted that
the allowances were proper to be eninired into. He had
no objection whatever to produce all the correspondence
which had taken place respecting the fees.—(Hear, hear,
hew.)—The allowances and eisiolumeuts had become
lar‘e in conserence of the increase of trade in that
queiter ; and no less than three attempts trad been made
hy tiovernment to counteract this increase of expence.
Ms repeated his willingness to afford every information
ow the subject, by producing the correspondence, but he
felt it to be nis duty to give a negative to the proposed
Resolution.
Me. DARING said the expense alluded to was emir-
elous, and materially checked the competition of the
English with the foreign trader.
Mr. lIUME explaiued. The present differed from
all other Consular • , and bad therefore no reference
to the proposed general arrangements of the Noble Mar-
quess. Ile (Mr. H.j was already in possession of the
correspondence, but it would afford the house no new in-
formation. If, however, the Noble Marquess thought
otherwise, be ought to have laid it on the table before.
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY said it was rather
snrprising it the Hon. Member was in possession of the
correspondence of his oftice.—(Hear, bear, and a lanrh.)
If he bad, be (the Marquess) would be glad to know how
be got access to it. At all events, the house perhaps
would not be inclined to take for granted the opinion of
the Hon. Member as to the question whether the corres-
poinleoce afforded information or not.
Mr. lICME said he had alluded only to the eor-
eespondence between the Noble Marquess and the
merchants.
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY said he had re-
ferred to the correspondence betweeu himself and the
Consuls.
The Resolution was negatived without a division after
short conversation between the Marquess of LONDON•
DaRRY, Mr. BENNET and Lord Pa LaillkSToN.
SCOTCH NATIONAL MONUSISSI T.

Lord BINNING moved that the petition from the
Subscribers to the Scotch National Monument be refer-
red to the Committee of Supply.
Mr. HUME opposed the motion.
Sir ROBERT WILSON tl Olt it would he most
indecent to refer thin petition to the Coniruittiy, after the
statement which had been heard respecting the distresses
of Ireland.
Mr. K. Docct. ts and Sir G. CLERK supported the
motion, and Mr. HENRY I;CONLY and Mr. 11o:vcst op-
posed it.
Mr. BENNET sail, that a Circular bad been sent in
the name of the suhsctibers to I Members of the
House, requesting their attendance that evening in the
house. He had one of these circulars in his hand, and
be could not but say that he thought this was a course
taken in favour of the measure not less audacious than
irregular. :le options! the motion.
Mr. C. GRANT thoneht the question as to the appli-
cation of the money ought to be submitted to the General
Assemble of Scotland.
Lord AI NX INO said, he should be the last man in
the world to make the motion, it it world have the effect
of depriving Ireland of any part of that assistance to
which she bad so strong 'claim But it was only in-
tended to give a particular direction to money already
voted by the house. The population of Edinburgh had
considerably increased of late, and the increase of
Church.• had not been in proportion. The Ureteral
Assembly of Scotland bad not only approved of the
measure, but had recommended subscriptions in sup-
portof it.
Sir W. W. WYNN and dlr. T. WILSON opposed the mo-
tion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER consi-
dered the building of Churches in Scotland an import-
ant object, at the same time feeling the opposition offered
mid difference of opinion in Scotland, he should remits).
send his Noble Friend to withdraw his motion.
Lord BINNINU said, it bus motion was not to be car-
ried by a large maj. ority, it would lessen the interest of
the object be had inview, and be should therefore with-
draw his motion.
The house then went into a Committe of Supply.
Lord PALMERSTON mowed that a sum of 174,0194. j

1/20 greeted to his Majesty, to defray tho'npentrit of-the
tiolubodied Militia of Groat Britain.
After a few obseciratioas from Mr. Howe, the eam was
granted.
The moot M 4,730/., wealth, greeted for thodisembo.
died Militia of Ireland.
The sties of 180,98/11. was proposed for the Commis-
sari,t of Ireland.

ill14141;pon this rote entered Into a statement
of the psaltery expenditure of Ireland since 1814, and
contended that it had increased from 500,1100/. to up-
wsrds of 2,1100,000/, It was improper the consideration
of the subject should come at so late a period of the
Session.

Mr. GODLBURN said, if he bad known the Intention
of the Hon. Gentleman to enter into the past expendi-
ture of Ireland, he should have been happy to meet him;
hut as the subject came upon him by surprise, be could
only say the views of G lent with re.pect to the
civil and military expense of Ireland had been directed
to strict economy.
The sum was Then agreed to.
122,754/. was proposed for the Barrack Department in
!retie ud.
After a few observations from Mr. Hume, Mr. Goot.-
ucax, Alf. Rim Mr. D. liaowx, the Marquess of Los.
DON DERRY, and Mr. URAKT, the vote was agreed to.
The snm of 19,0001. was voted for the Nouse of In-
dustry in Dublin.
For the Lunatic Asylum in Dublin, 5,0001.
The CH 4IRM tIY then reported progress. The house
resumed, and the Repoli was ordered to be received to-
morrow.
Adjourned at balf-past one o'clock.

LAW LATELLIGENCE.

COURT OP KING'S BENCH, luta 15.

FORERII C. AIR ALRXANDRR COCHILANI AND ♦`OTHER.

This was en action on the case against the defend-
ants. Sir Alexander Cochrane and Sir ti. Cockburn.
for seducing and enticing certain slaves of the plaintiiT
to quit a cotton plantation belonging to him. its East
Florida, whereby he lost the services of the said
slaves, and use prevented ■nd hindered front culti-
vating the said plantation. The second count was for
harboorirg and detaining the said slaves; and the
third count wee for harbouring and detaining them
after notice that they bolo• :ed to the plaintiff, anti
thereby depriving him of their services un tha plan-
tation.

Mr. SC►DL[TT. Mr. MARRTATT, and Mr. CONTR,
conducted the plaintiff's ease; and Mr. SOLICITOR.
GINZR►t., Mr. (.1 A and Mr. E. LIMES, the de-
fentlants'.

The case disclosed in evidence was this:—The
plaintiff, a British subject, bad, for upwards of thirty
years, resided in East Florida, and carried on the !nisi.
ness of a merchant fur supplying the South American
ladians, ander licenses from the Spanish and British
Governments, when hostilities happened to subsist be-
tween the two powers. His place of actual residencel
during that time was Pensacola. He owned a large
cotton plantation, railed San Padlow, situate abunt
thirty miles from the confines of Georgia, one of the
United States, on which plantation were employed
about 100 slaves. Daring the hostilities between this

country and the United States in 1815, the defendeats
were employed in a naval expedition against llemegthis4
and took p ion of Ostletherland Island, which I.
separated from East Florida, by the river St. May.
The plaintiff's plantation was situated on the banks of
the river St. John, within the Spanish territory of
Ent Florida, and bounded by Amelia Island, which
is under the same dominion. As soon as the defend-
ants, had taken Cumberland Island, a proclamation
was pnbilshed by Sir Alexander Cochrane, inviting
persons res:dent in the United States, supposed to be,
dissatisfied with their then situation, to withdraw
from the power of the American Government, and
place themselves and families under the protection of
the British power, at the same time offering to receive
persons fit to serve in his Majesty's land or sea service,
or to carry them to any one cf t .e British Colonies,
there to be provided for as free•settlers. This procla-
mation was distributed in Cumberland Island, in which
St. Mary's, the capital of the province of Georgia, is
situated, and in consequence of it, numbers of negro
slaves deserted their masters' service, and placed
themselves under the protection of the British Admi-
rals, who recei►ed them on board • tender called the
Terror, where they were furnished with provisions.
The proclamation having found its way into the Spa-
nish territory, a great many slaves also steeped from
their masters, and followed the example of their Ame-
rican brethren. Amongst these were thirty-eight
slaves belonging to the plaintiff, including men, tees-
men, and children, who siesed a boat belonging to
their master, and conveyed themselves down the river
St. John, to the Terror, on board which they were re-
ceived on the 23J of February, 1$15; thence removed
to the Albion, commanded by Sir G. Cockburn ; after-
wards carried on b toed his Majesty's ship Ruby,
where they remained until March, 1616, when they
were landed at Birmoda, and employed in his Ma-
jesty's dock-yards there, where they now remain. In
consequence of the escape of the slaves from Els: Flo-
rida, the Spanish Governor of that province entered
into • correspondence with Sir A. Cochrane upon the
subject. The plaintiff also wrote to the Admiral upon
the satme subject, and had a personal interview with
him, in which be demanded the restitution of his
slaves. The answer was, that as the slaves had made
their escape, they were free agents; that they were
under the protection of the Itiitish power; that the
Admiral had no authority to deliver them up again to
slavery, but that the plaintiff was at liberty to use his
b..st efforts to persuade them to return, if they thought
proper, and that he would not offer any obstruction
for that purpose. Persuasions of this kind were used
accordingly, but without effect, the negroes preferring
their new to their old situation. The slaves were re-
ceived on board the British ships as refugees, and
their names were-returned as sacn to toe Admiralty.'
Ifit recover a compensation fur the injury thus occa-
sioned to the plaintiff, the present action was brought.
'rue slaves were estimated at 100 f. each in value,
amounting to .8,4001., in addition to which the plain-
iff sought a reparation for the injury sustained by the
loss of their ...Tykes. The question was, whether the
slaves, having escaped and placed themselves under
the protection of the British Admiral, the latter was
bound to force them to return to their former master:
For the plaintiff it was contended, that as he had lost
the servivni of the slaves in consequence of the acts of
the defendants, they were liable, in point of law, for
the coasequentisl damage. On the other hand, it was
insisted that the defendants' were exempt from all lia-
