MAILS.

•aa.. MIL ♦at. DUN.
1 ...Dahlia 0 I U... Holland 0
0....Waterf0rd.....4 0 ...listubro 4
I —0 &Jersey.•..o o.... France I
O.... Lisbon U 0 ...i9ender5.......0
0 ...Gottenberg I I 0....11a1ts ..0

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE 00400 E. I
Ptak stock.. ...... 23 til India Stock
'3 per CI.ReS SSIf I Oitto B .nd4... .. .. ......
3 gr. et. Cons • 8114 ELnill.24l. j 67 38 pm.
31 per Ceut
4 per tents. . 101t1 --600/.... 37 6!4 pm.
New Fours ... 1061 t t Smell . —694 pm
loag Ann 22k 6.16 Lottery Tucketft. . 191. 194
1 up. 3 per Ct Con. for Acct.... S. 4 SO bSI

at ---Iltatetisnam_

THURSDAY EVENING, JANUARY 15, 144.

Sri c[ EXCHANGE. 12 o'CLoca.--Consols °lmre 1 this
morning at 881 to 89, at wl►ich price they Inv: remained,
although one hundred thousand was sold in the eaili,r
part of tl►e morning, at 891 to 1, for the next account.
It is reported that Spanish Bonds have come loom.
from Paris, natnely, 2:11, but as yet we Cannot place any
confidence in the report, nor do ►ee kno►w that any express
has arrived from France.

Format; PUNDC—This being Settling thy for Spaniels
Rends sad other Foreign Securities, most parties la the
m market are busy adj-wing their accounts,
Spanish ISinids opened at 241 1, since which they have
lowered to 231, with a very heavy market.
Old Spanish, 231 to 24--Colombian, 62 to (--New
Austrian, 5 to 1, 41—Chili, 75( to 76 —New Russian, 901
to 91—Old, 891-11oyals, 31.

The Spaniel*, Decree, which we inserted In one paper of
yesterday, and upon which we thought as had said all
that it was requisite to say upon such a document, has
g.ven rise to discussions in all the parrs; and some of
them, not content with one article on the subject, have
given this composition the honor of a double notice Tot
Atomises, tot sententio," says the proverb, and never teas
the proverb more verified than in the Newspapers upon the
present ocaasion. The Courier declares the decree to be
most important; the Times pronounces it the composition
of a King of Bedlam; the Morning. Post declei es the
policy that dictated it to be inscrutable, and talks of " the
alarm with which some persons receive this Salutottean
thunder of the Escurial," a passage we have no doubt,
very sublime from its proximity to the obscure and ri-
diculous. The Morning Chronicle pronounces tlse decree
to be" a tissue of nonsense"; and the Herald declares it
" one of the most curious of the many strange st.te
papers of the present day."
If in the multitude of Counsellors there be wisdom,
it is no less true, that in the multitude of Coansellors there
is contradiction, and consequently folly.
•

------- -- •
But this state paper may be dispatched in a few word.
—lt mans one of two things—lt is either a form.) as.
sumption of sovereignty,te justify an intended subjugation
of South America, er it is a mere emanation of that
Kingly -fatnitg... a pride resembling midway, of which the
history of sovereigns affords so many examples. Such for
instance as our Kings styling themselves Kings of Fiance
and defenders of theFaith—soch asLouis XVIII dating ti e
first year of his restoration,as the 25 year of his reign; such
as our martyrdom of King Charles, and the religious
holiday of the restoration. These are all emanations of
that Kingly spirit, which continues to assume ancient
prerogatives and titles, after they have become ridiculous,
soft to preserve the verbiage and shadow of sovereignty
after the loss of the substance.

However absurd may be the principle, or corrupt the
practice of the elections of Deputies to the French Cham-
ber, it is pleasurable and prophetic of fatare good. to find
that these elections cao recite any national feel'ng
throughout that country. Before the areoluti,,D, the
torpidity of the French people upon all subjects o po!iti•
eel interest, eviticed their degraded state. Except in tie
pride of victories,or in the boast of superior millinery, a

national feelin WAS Uhh 'I st U .n •r,—and

toolifics were exclusive!' c unwed to the precincts

of the Court, mill in that correptel atut.iiitiera tit de•

generated into the 1 wrest state of intrigu., tl,r proenress

nr tl.e tnietre,s of the Kill being freveney the roil

iister of the coucry. Ilea a public inter, at hi the affairs

.1 the kingdom, and an anxi.-t, for whatever concerns
he nazi r.al tvelfare,have evi e.eitt ly been I: enerated,3nd tics

Men eNten.ively iliffuged 1,3 t tie estatAisbment of the
Constitution in 1? 11. Ttie Frendi pipers are regAtte with

matter relatingto the gener It rt rtionn chid, are t,wv abrnt

to commi one, and they eviive a .terree of x. itelient in the

public wind, which, nit!' a qci4lc and ingenious pe. p!e

the French, must ere long produce a change in the el..ction
laws, which o:11 rthe re?resentation more e.inunted
with the set es of tl e country. We are almost glad to see
the eit!etnely corrupt preoices to wi.it h the French
Administration his resorted in order to secure a
return of their orn partlzins, for we m•,s• say of
these manoeuvres of the French Government, xhat
Hume has observed of the corruption of our o v.i fpgis.

Lauri,: that bribery and corruption are of nvcessitv in the
ratio of public lihetty ; and however paradoxical it may
app .ar, it is unquestionably true, that bribery in this, ani
in eery other country, will increase with the growth of
public freedom, mill a community is brought to that
stste of political perfection, in which elections by a system
of ballot, are identified with the real opinions of the people

In Russia, there is no bribery, nor was bribery k.owa

in England till the rise of public freciom in the reign of

Charles the Filst. At present there is no bribery is
A _merles, because the emolon ents of public offices ifroabl

not repay the expense of bribery. But England and

France are now the two sinks of this destructive vier. In

France. the honours and profits of pAblic employments
render political distinction an objeet of great rupility,witi:st
electior s are just sufficiently free to render a resort to mule.
rate hribery a necessaty expedient. A little elactinneering
corruption in France, now divides the field with that court
intrigue whicb, under ti,e old regime, abs oiled every thing
within its vortex.—But in England, parl:amentary
tinction,nr influence is almost the only read to political
eminence, or to lurraive employment; and as the maple
are sufficiently free to resist coercion or fraud, they nrur.
ally exact fur tl.eir support, a price commensurate with the
object which the purchaser has in view. Brit cry, there
fore, in England is curried to a grc.ter height than it
ever teas, tither in ancient or modern Kingdom..—
.Doe only possible remedy for this evil is, the system
of ballot rtitich shall eLable a man to vote without
the chance of a discovery of bow he has voted-fur
In t transaction of bribery there cm be no covfidence he'
tweets the parties. But tl e great point to gain in a
country enterging from slavery is that of putting publ:c
opinion at all in contest with corruption; that desideratum
gained, politest improvement, and eventually political
perfec.ion, is infallibly the result. That point was gained
for the English in the reign of Charles the First, anti se
have now 14ilviinced to the era of appreciating the ballot
system, the great 'at acre of every political abuse. Tu..t
the point we speak of has he• n gained by Frame, an
that the public feelings and opinion. have a place in the
political arena is evident, by the anxiety and sell of the
French Press. on the saki It of th- elertions

ADJOURNED 3IE ING OF TUE SILK WEAVEIts.

_.,.

On Tuesday eveniste the Adjosirne 1 Hee ing of the
Journeymen Si k Wea• era. of or County of niddle•ev
end Cities of London ;LA 11 place at tho
Rod Lion, Phalli • t t, Sp; alaelda, for the purpose of
rreeivine the Rep art of a Ciiiiiinit•re hppuiete.l (at a pre'
cions tient al Alect.ne) io eKan.i•le revise, and correct,
their preselit Ronk of P,ifes. Mr. Artisan took the Ch..i‘i
en
1 Mr. Jaine, Funsiell mui...4 the fallowing resolutions,
which were tinst.imously Ala td to:
'` I. R-solved, TOr• in or l,•• t • rnab'e our Enployets
to
meet soy competition in the market, from any quarter,
name to a Reduction in the P ice of our Lab .ur, in ahnon
every branch of our Ira le.
"4. 'Piet the I.ist of it-iiitc •d Prizes now read, and iirr•
peel by our Comm;ti r. hi adopted.
•.3. It•solveil. That the tmitosittee be einrow•red ro.
•• e• duly to wait upon our cut; foyers fur their 4,0pr0
wl
of the s..
4. That this 11-rtint oio adjourn until Thursday ey. n
In • next, to receive :he report ot tit:4 application.
o 4 5. pn.,t. mu. %twines tlimik• are flue to the Coin it
ler for their exertions and labours upon the pre3rn:
C 1%;.".
'flia••k• wer. art., ‘•1.3 'maim' to the Chairman, al" Cr:
Meeting broken a UMe before t voice.
.1 t appoar. d ils.•l the fall of usgei thus agreed upon it
from five to twenty per coo. in ttttt t cases, lint the re
(4••••tion of wages on ribbon is by far tiie most cotililet•

CABIN FT MAKERS' SICIETY. Al•mdsv, the Skil'
Annivere•ry of the above S wirty was held at the Mitre
Tavern, Aldeate, where a very numerous meeting a
oo" it 4
inemberA, (34 more then lust year) a•mea.liled and P
of a otwus dinner. The object of this society is t.i
give employment to iuJustri,n, sed inlcenious mechanics.
who have tur the most pert bra- famili sto suppnr.—
After the cloth was withdrawn wort the customary to St'
had been drank, Mr. J. Smith a.inressed the meeting, anti
adverted to the state of ti,- Society. The returns, lost yrur
he said, smouuted to 21;•1Q0/, deducting therefrom kr:
cosierials and Isbour,24,SoJ/. ; rent. taxes, priing..
salarie,, end ether tit il "expences. 1,194/1., leaving a
surplus of 1101. Of tii-s surplus riu division could at present
take p!,iee, orising from the loss of 9di. sustained by the
110Ciet: tt nitwit the conduit of s •ale unprincipled men
whi.;ii left 4n actual surphse of co 'lv shoot 121. He widel
Or-At yr. would not conclude withuu assuring the compan
of th' 1•i-assnbe •oe't it th..oornent of their meet
nor o ith• et the hoop that their next wunld be more pros•
i y
pernos an I ecinelll cuovisial, 411. 1.1 'a progressive io•
err. ; of to tubia.

I

COURT OF KING'S BENCH—(Tau Dot.)
CONSTITUTIONAL ASSOCIATION V. JOHN HUNT.
This Was a prosecution at the instance of the above
Asioeiation against the defendant, charging him with
the publication ofa libel on his late Majesty, in the first
souther of a publication called the Liberal, under the title
or Vision of Judgment," and which was calculated by
snacking th • late King, to bring his present Majesty and
the !loyal Fant.ly into hatred and contempt among the
Pr 6 oaPlly
five special Jurors answering to their names, Mr.
o.)Lp:us, on beliallof the prosecution, prayed a tales.
!dr. Anot.rues rose and addressed the Jury. The ditty
devolved on him of expl-sning to t leM the neture of the
'fired libel. They had already 'Jaded that it was an
snack upon a deceased Monarch. It was a libel at once
'cordons, disloyal, and impious. It would be urged, be
bail no doubt, on the other side, that this prosecetionr was
wiles.. or it would have been undertakes by the
legal officers oldie Crown. With respect to its emaneting
ho s ao association, it could make no differenee to the
eefendant, who, if any thing, obtained an advantage there•
bi; lie not being proceeded against by criminal informs:
Lion, bet by the process of first stibmitting the indictment
to the sarntiny of a Grand J ury. Fora long time before the
death of thelateKing,tbe hand of Heaven lay heavy on him.
Every thing in his.condltion was calcolated to draw forth the
most warm sympathy of his people. Ile was agad—bliod—
sad bereft of that understand ng which bad ouee been the ad•
siiration of the nation.—Y4A these were the infirnsittes on
which this gross librller dwelt, and at which he levelled the
shafts of his resumed sailer. The title of the work was—
.. Tar Liberal,' a specious sound, but which the present
work showed to'have been 'most strantely misapplyed. It
ought to have been " The Libertine." The work was the pro-
duction of individuate; whom distance from this country made
valiant, and who, knowing themselves to be safe, sent forth
their poison to contaminate the land.—They desired
from attacking the living, that they might ransack the
graves of the dead. The li tel commenced with a Vision,
which the writer pretends to base bad of the gates of Ilea•
yen, and tow Melt he intrudes himself with a degree of
levity, impiety, and grossness, which nould disgrace the
rabble of a pot honse. Nor does this levity forsake him,
when be Iles( ribes the Divine preset,. e; that presence
I efor.t. which the Immortal genuis of 31ilton crouched with
asc and terror; but
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread."

Common Caere tss.l ascribed the poem to the pen of a writer,
rho might have stood foremost in the rank of genius; but
who had, if it were rightly ascribed. degraded himself to
a level, from which Lis genius could never again raise
hi r.
It was a libel Ist once calumnious, impious. gross, and
malignant i and he trusted that the Jury would by their
serdif t this day, deter others from &similar course.
Julie Perkins depusesl, that he went to 22, Bond Street,
on as 20th of Dee. 1822. It is a bookseller's, and witness
lure as the defendant, when he purchsed the number of
The Liberal," now in his hand.
_ _

Cross examined by Mr. SCAaLETT.-11 &Ma Bow Street
officer, and purchased the copy at the request of Mr. Moe,
UV. Believes Mr. Murray tube a solicitor; he resides is
jubn i:reer Bedford now. Mr. Murray paid rote for my
loss of time. I have frequently been employe,' by him to
Imbue bt oks of different kinds. Wes hot know whether
lte is the attorney to the ConstitotionalAssociations.or not.
neter teen employed by Mr. Murray to purchase
• Southey's Vision ofJudgeneat."
The libel was here put in and read, it cosaisted of the
Bth the 43and 48 stanzas of the Vision of Jed/meat. The
h ale Vision was afterwards read at the desire of Mr.
Sear!, tt. _ .

Mr. Scaaarrr tit rose. and in a speech of enn•ider-
able length with moat ,ability. argued the defendants
cause. Ills • doctrine lahl down by hie Learoed'
Friel d. that an iovestigatiota of the rharaeter of
a of • a King was of " a certain _pante
libellon.. wield Es to the estinctitga:4oowira.. Oa so
M•Reffile. de ' . I i f fi sops tor 01.•
c lesion. and if it sser said that tido rasa libel, a pobliaher
ut Shakespeare gist be intlletedi_for anpersiag the
character of ilis‘rd the Third. 'Vie King frsint Isis
station is to,,be protected trona libet Awe living. by
the sanctity of".. his station' bat msoctity leaves
dim at his deatb. .He ti4en here • the Babied
et iii,tery. In a free coastal differs of opinion
al
will exist, bat If no opissioe ungrateful. to the • hogs of a
strcessor to the mooLuchy, Ile _alio history
loses its fidel.ty, and becomes mea ion. The
slet.ied it to be libellius to assert that a deiteieel bleasetb
isa4; guilty of usisrulrosr as conasrag-t of toslnny. the.
teemed C I pr oneeded wits mach discilmination and
2-61, to advert to the several passsges'in the lidietsernt as
liellou a ; bat want of space pretiloslecus froargiving the
nmainder of his address.

The leornedJiiiitebaving charged the Jury. the Jury
relied for about half au hour, and returned ovlth a verdict
of Ceilry.

OLD 13AI LRY.—( rata Moax.ixo )
er— (Before Mr. Baron HuLtocu.)
rhmes Walker, need 22, was indicted for borglarioualy
Inakiag and entering the dwelling house of Richard
Till, and stealing right silver spoons, and other articles,
Lis property.
The prosecutor deposed that he was a 'men grow.
miffing in Ulobe Street, Bethnal Green. Ott the night or
the 6th January, he went out after having p!pPerly accent,
Mg house to spend the evening with a seighboer, and *
fee bouts after.recei red information that 2 thieves were to
his house. He immediately refurned home, and fouud
sieral persons in front of his house. He applied
the key to the front door, which he opened
ilium difficulty, and observed two men running
down stairs. lle railed out "you shall not pass
this way my boys," and they made towards the bark door.
A i.erson !lamed Turner, whom be had pretiously sent
round to the back door, said, he had got ore of them, and
desired witnrss to come forward and help to secure him.
tut the prisoner being secured and brought into the shop,
'tit person was searched, and a phosphorus host and
iLstehes, some pick•luck hem and other implements of
onspbreaking were found upon him.
This evidence was confirmed by other witnesses, and
the Jury after a few minutes delibt ration returned a Ver-
dict ot Utility—Heath.
Hunter was indicted for hneglarionsly breaking
41 ra erlde the dwelling house of Thomas l °galas:on, with
iront to steal.
From itio •
. evidence it appeared that the prosecutor was a
-1110e,r.siding in East Street, Red Lion Square. About
a_°'iork on the evening of the let of January, the prisoner
l."eu,t•piny with another man, was observed to pass several
uses
.the Lour.. of the prosecutor, which recited suspicion,
sod
Gth;oduterl a neighbour of the prosecutor's to watch his
uThe primmer shortly mounted the railing in
"J, lof the parlour window, and 1. alit forward with an in. 7
toand push it up. He however did owl sow

walked

TREATMENT OF SPA N I SHREFUGEES AT
GIB RA LTA R.
The following in from a Morning Paper
TO THE SDITOR.

SIR —ln your Paper of the 10th instant, 1 noticed an
article copied from a French Journal, in which it was
tad, cn the authority of that moil despicable Madrid
puhlication, Called the Restaurador. that Lopes Banos ano
myself had- been publicly insulted in Gibraltar, by the
officers of the garrison. Were the fact true, it would be t.
disgrace to those who offered, rather than to those who
received the insult; but the contrary was the case, for the
British officers of that garrison, feeling as tnen and as
Britons for• the suffering Spanish Patriots, did whatever
was in their power to relieve them in their miserabl,
situation. To me they were so particularly kind, that the
officers of the 43d invited me to an elegant dinner, and
thorn of the 6lth,' besides different acts express' re of their
risility and sympathy, went so far as to ask of Lord
Chatham (when I was, together with some of my fellow
countrymen and fellow Deputies, sent out of the garrison)
a permission to spend a day with them; which favour
am sorry to say his Lordship flatly refused.
Nor were these the only proofs of the feeling expressed
in our ifavour by the garrison of Gibraltar. Following
the example of the ether inhabitants, they contributed
to the subscription intended to facilitate the passage of
many of us to England; and, were it rot for their benero•
lance, we never should have reached this land of freedom
and hospitality.
I think these facts ought to he IsoosfOs as they sseleslY
honourable to the garrison, and inhabitants of Gibraltar.
and consonant to the feelings prevailing in England,
where, with very few exceptions indeed, we have met with
a friendly and cordial reception.
I hope, Sir, you will have the goodness to insert these
few lines in your Paper, as they are the pure effusion of
nay gratitude far favours which 1 shall remember as long
as I live.

1 have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient servant,
A. A. iALIANO, Deputy of the late Spanish Cortes.
St. Hittites Street, Jan. 12, 1824.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

DIAL. January 14.—Wind W.N.W.—Thick foggy weather.
—Came down the River and remain, the Ann, George,tor Per-
nambuco.
Pontsmoum, January 14.—Wind ealm.--Arrived the
Neils. The dore, and Ny len, from Goitenburg.
PLYMOUTH, January 13.—Wind S.E.—No arrivals or
FALMOUTH, January 13.—Wind S.E.—No arrivals or
failings.
Live ft root., January 13.—Arrived the Glide, Pearce, from
Virginia, galled 17th December; Rose, smith, from saint
Andrews, New Brunswick. sailed 14th December ; Wakefield,
Wakefield. from St. Johns, New Brunswick, sailed Bth Der. ;
Margaret, Wfllivasoo. front Charente; and Alesender, Smidt,
from Dentsic.
PORT GLASGOW, January 10.—Arrived the Clyde, lii•Pher
son from Demerara. aM Spartan. Shannon, from Niomm.
Oven:4am January lA.—Arrived the Two Brothers, Low•
then, from Rio Janeiro. in 43 daps.—Sraiied thellrothere. for
Trieste; Henry and Isabella, Bayles, fur Demerara; and Eliza,
Sharp. for Tarsgona.
MA ROATE, January 14.—Tbe Levant Star and Good Intent
have bate gat off this morning. and brought in here.
The Despatch. from Riga to Galway, struck on the
Black Rock, in Galway Bay, the tltb instant, and filled•with
water, bat was got of the seat morning.

[orT'lind got down again, and after' wal
e a short distance from the house returned
Isr. to,
"led the iron railing, and again endeavoured to
j„„l4,ll,ttle the
lias returnga unsuccessful, and went away
ttc,rlssrtir7tly afterwardsed, used the saute means as before.
the window, sad entered the house. An alarm Aas
nn4 the prisoner, observing several persons in front of
le's ''t house
opene t the street door, and walked
inY 4t* On being asked what he had been ding there. be el'
}N'eds)tar surprise at the question, and said the houses was
lA' t Ind he resided there.—lle was taker to the watch'
ig•
j Ju tte• Rum:whi summed up the eviden It.e
41moslt immediatelyt found hint tJuilty—Dcattce, and .
•
