MR. GRATTAN'S SPEECH

ON THE RESOLUTIONS OF THE IRISH PARLLAMENT
WHICH PROCURED THE LEGISLATIVE INUI'PtI►UEXI'C
OF IRELAND.

—,..—.
(From Gold and Nortiaboase's London lagsalne. fur Sirpt.)

Th.ofollowitig Is an extract from one of those pate,otic appeals which, although it is far from being cor-
rectly reported, and can give but a very faint idea of
the tremendous original, is worthy even in this shape
to be preserved
" 1 have intreatetl an :ittentlan,-, of the !louse on this
day, to protest against the usurpations of the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain, anti to join with me in lifting
op their hands and voices against !inch usurpations.
wo millions of people out of doms were to be satisfied ;
and had I a son, I Would, like the father of Hannibal,
bring him to the altar to swear the sacred maintenance
of the people's rights. I would move them to as full
and ample a declaration se could be dome without
shaking the pillars oldie state. It is itnpossi' le to stop
the voice of millions—the public mind was twist ease---
enough was not dune. Yuu are the gnar.iians of the pub-
lic liberty, you owe your country that liberty—and she
calls upon you to restore it--she calls upon yon to make
Great Britain revoke the injustice of her lan s, and to
restore your political as she has your co 1111 l whim! freedom.
In passing the bills fur liberating your trade, the
British Minister has made use of the winds, " that it
was expedient to allow Ireland to export her own pro-
ducts." Expedient is a word of great reserve. Ex-
pedient is a word fatal to Great such
word she lost America, and plunged her • wintry in
scenes of blood. By this teservation your trade is in
the power of England, whenever she may think peeper
to take it away. We were allowed a moment of satisfac-
tion, but not a relief from slavery. God has afforded
you an opportunity to emancipate yourselves and yonr
posterity ; wait not the issue of a general peace, when
the direction of her power un this fated island may
again lay you in bondage. For the honour of your
country—for the honour of hntnan nature—hy the
memory of your sufferings--by the sense pot !eel of
your wrongs----by the love yon owe your posterity----by
the dignity and generous (refills of Irisl►naa n--• 1
beseech you to seize the auspicious occasion, and
let this be the hoar of your freedom The
doctrine of Parliamentary supremacy Great Britain
now finds to be nonsense----Parliattsentary supremacy
has been the bane of Great Britain. Her enemies are
at all titles pouring it on her. The sea is nut her's;
the honour of her council, and arms is taritislied.-L
She has no army—no Beet—no Admirals—no Gene-
rals—A supineness pervades bey measures—and dis-
tractions attend her councils. Parliament is the only
spring to convey the native yoke of the potpie; never
this or any other country beheld a senate pessesseciof
so much public confidence. '1 here is an ardent tonsbi;
nation among the people, a tire which animates the
cation to its own redemption. A sacred enthusiasm,
anconveyed in the language of antiquity, and which
only belongs to the national confidence of freedom.—
Forty thousand men in arms look up to the result of
this day's deliberation. Let the lovers of freedom re-
joice at the martial spirit, which has operated to natu-
ral happiness. if you refuseto comply with the repo-
lutiou of this day, you belie the desire of your coned-
Wen's. A providential conjunction and the hand of
God seem to demand and direct it ; grasp at the bles-
sing, which promises independence and happiness.—
Irstcrday the servants of the Crown were asked, whe.
titer a standing army of fifteen thousand Irishmen wet r

to be bound in this kingdom by English laws t and the
servants of the Crown have asserted that they shall he
bound by English laws—this is the consequence of
your rejoicing at a partial repeal of the laws which op-
pressed you—your exultation betrayed your rights
The courtier may have his salary—the landed g entl--
was may have 116 rent—you may export the com-
modities of roar country, and bring the returi s
of another—but liberty, the consummation of all
trade, is wautiug. The superstructure is left with mt
'a base—you have commerce without a full trade, and
a Senate without a Parliament. When I found a p
hibition upon glass, and other commodities, when I
found al Ant of the 6th of Oeo. 1., "which expressly
claimed a power of binding this kingdom,—the
without its Parliament, enacted& law to nind the pe
pie of Ireland, by making laws for them ; it was tque
to call the authority of England a rod of tyranny. 1.
call upon the judges of the land, the justices of thr
peace, and officers of the army, to say whether they do
not act under the direction of English Statutes ? A
present and explicit declaration of rights mast remote
all this. Three millions of people mast feel how ne-
cessary it is to be as free as the people of Euglani—
They must behold, with veneration, a Parliament iu-
perior to every other, and equal to that which pivoted
the Bill of Eights. A senate composed of men that
would do honour to Rome, when Home did honour to
human nature.

" The enemies of Ireland mad• call the efforts of the
people the proceedings of a mob. A mob stopped your
magistrates in their obedience to English laws, sod
vindicated your abdicated privileges. I shall be told
Ibis was the turbulence of the times ; anti su may every
effort fur freedom in the history of mankind be called.
Your fathers were slaves, and lost their liberties to the
legislators of England ; the Vngdoni became a plan-
tatiou—the spirit of independence was banished. The
fears of Parliament made it grant, in a strain of trern•
bling severity, u hatever was demanded : men of uvcr•
grown fortunes became the very jobbers of corruption;
they voted an embargo, which brought bankruptcy
on the Prince, and misery on the people. The 1 eople
saw nothing but starving manufacturers, a corrupt
Senate, and a military combination. The courtier was
glad to petition for a free trade, and' England to vrant.
it; but the unconstitutional power of an English At-
torney-General, and an English Parliament, stilt re-
mains. Eighteen or nineteen counties deserving to
be free, and who are your legal constituents. havepe;
titioned fur this redemption. You may Intl tho public
a ith addresses, but the public mind will never be well
at ease until the,hackles are returreed. The orations
of one country go to take away the liberties of another.
Nature rebels at the Wee, and the body becomes muti-
nous—there is no middla course left : win the heart of

Iristition, or else eat Mr Iris 4evirkt ales ties in-
fringed on as Ireland, and armed as Ireland, must
bare equal freedom ; any thing else is an inatilt. The
opportunity prompts—the spirit of the people prompts
—the opinion of the judges prompts. No areunient.
eau be urged against it, hut two ; one is, the rest be-
lief that the British nation is a generous one, Ili! lICSI
the contribution sett to Corsica, anti th• relief afford-
ed Holland ; and the other. their uniform hatred ut an
adminis ration that brought destruction on the British
dominions. If England is a tyrant, it is Ireland made
her so, by obeying. The slave makes the tyrant.—
What can prevent the completion of unt demands ? -It
is not in the power of England to resist. Can the war
against ten mil:ions of French, eight millions of Spa-
niards, antl"thtee millions of Americans, three million.
of /Ash ?
.L.Englami 'cannot withstand aceumnlated
:Iv a millions her ten riiiilions: with a natienul Jett
of 2C' millions, a peace establi•liment of '2l millions,
can she pretend to dictate trims? She offered Attie-
rice the entire cession of her Parliamentary power,
and can she refuse Ire) mei the freedom of fellow-sub-
jects ? Fiery thing short of total independence was
offered to Americans—and aill she yield that to their
arms, and refuse it to your loyalty? Nothing but a
subjugation of wind can make the glut men ut Ireland
tremble at every combination for liberty. When
possess this liberty, you will be surpri.wil at your t:•
tuatiun, and though jobbers may deem your ardour
phrenay, it mill he a fortunate madness ; a detiartai.on
will be the result. Your coestituents have instructed,
and they will support you; for public pride and Hiblic
ni ersaity will Lind resources. IVlsat will your jndg-i
and your commissioners, who hare refused to abide
by English laws, say? Will you abdicate, will yea
bring them into contempt? Eighteen counties bale
declared against it, and no man in this Home dare de-
fend the claims of the English. ' It is the sense of this
side of the house, not to give an assent to the musty-
bills until we obtain this declaratory alt. The muck
moderators, who go &shout preaehl'ng peace, are tie
really factions, and the worst fatuity, of this country.
Have you been for a century rotteeittling against the
power of an English .IttornrY-Oenetil, and dare-m•t
conquer, though lying at your meter? The great
charter has not been roamed, as often as one rights
hare been violated. Yon may be told indeed yoa are
ungrateful, I know of no gratitude %MA ran make
roe wear the badge of slat gin-. Insatiable—we may
be told we are, when Ireland desires nothing hut what
noglauJ has robbed her of. When you have embol•
dewed thejudges to declare your rights, they will not
be afraid to maintain them. His Majesty has no tithe
'to his crown but what you have to your liberty ; if
your exertions in that cause are condemned, the revo-
lution was an act of perjury, and the petition of sight
au act of rebellion. The oaths made to the H.eae of
Ntuart were broken for the sake of liberty, and we hie
too near the British nation to be less than equal to it.
Insulted by the British Parliament, their is so pulley
left for the English, hut to do justice to a people, who
'arc Grieco-icier drirriami I ft, doj 'valet. to thew, foss.- •--
Common trade and common liberty will give strength
to our roustitution, and wake both nations immortal:
the laws of tied, the laws of nature, and the laws of
nations, can loudly fur It. Let aatAit-attfronsty.
• .

r

which Ins withered the land, remain ni

Lig' TER XXIII.

Dv nut, by opposing the present opportunity, give that
destructive blow to the balance of the constitution,
which shall weigh it down beyond the power of reco-
very. Do not let the curses of your children, and
your reflections in old age, weigh you down to the
grave with bitterness. Forgetful of past violation and
present opportunity, let nobody say the Parliament was
bought by a broken ministry and an empty treaskry.
'that hatiag made a god of self-interest, you kneeled
i.own to worship the idol of corruption. Your exer-
t. ons now will be the basis of erecting a temple of
liberty. By the inspiration of the present opportunityi
---•by the affection. you owe posterity---by all the ties'
hich constitute the well-being of a people, assert and
maintain the liberties of your country. I have no de-
',tn. 1 ask for no favour, but to breathe in common
in a nation of freedom; but I never will be satisfied as
long as a link of the British chain is clanking to the
heels of the meanest poisaaut."

THE QUEEN.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE ST.VITSMAN.

At what ease
Night rorrupt minds procure keens as corrupt
twear against you? West- Vlll.

Have you a realms that will
rob. murder, end commit
71. r oldest sins the newest kind of way t
Itr happy. he wilt freebie yen no more;
England shall doable gild his treble gilt.
Sig—The great national drama, which the people
call the persecution of the Queen, being about to
!fit.; the prosecutors hating finished their case. and
left it, with their comments, to make what impression
r!.l ty upon the public, whilst her Majesty's Counsel
have been prevented from uttering a word of observa-
tion, but upon conditions of which they could not ac-
cept ; in order to obviate such undue impression, it is
p-oper that until the time arrives at which they shall
be enabled to state her case, triumphantly as they
taigs,,t tail to do, that the friends of the Queen, and
sat truth, justice, and humanity, should endeavour to
prevent that part of the public, which may not have
at•entively watched the manseuvrosof the enemy, frotu
raising, in the mesh time, into any essential error.
It cannot f•il to be noticed, that, throughout the
sitga:ti of these proceedings, contrary to the usual prac-
tire in trials, every advantage has been given to the
accuser, aid svithlteld from the accused. The Minis-
te. ial snajo-ities iu the House of Lords have indeed,
when they have found the title of popular opinion
strong against them, oc,-asienally given way, and con-
ceded some trivial points, tv which her Majesty had a
strict although never, in any one instance, to
n hole extent of that right ; and they have even
aft,•rwards endeavoured to resume that which they had
sargiiially conceded.
Ot all those iniquitous proceedings. the refusal of
the list of witnesses was the foulest. The persecutors
of l.er Majesty well knew that the very physiognomy
sat t:icse fellows could not bear the light. They knew
t';at the organ of perjury was so distinguishable in
Lew, that their propensity to false swearing could
mat 1•44 ape 'Artesia's' by the moot superficial observer.
It is sestet, indeed, that, previous to their departure
from Vienna, the skulls of these witti were sub-
netted to the inspection of the celebrated Crain°.
legists, Messrs Gall and Spur:elm, who are said to
have proisuunced the abovementioned organ, as well as
th sie of impudence, cunning, coolness. and corruption,
to ge it, so very perfect a state in these persons, that,
ai'er Jae drilling, they might, with entire confidenre,
he relied on for the accomplishment of the purposes
f.r w hich they were employed. Some donhts, it is
added, at first arose, with respect to the witness Ma-
jocci. on the score of what apipareil to he the ill).
perfect nature of his organ of nugatory : but, upon a
mare strict scrutiny, it was found that this organ pos-
sessed the very peculiar and useful faculty of exhibit-
ing, when convenient, impressions which it had never
received, a, well as of concealing impressions, however
deep rooted, which it might be injurious to exhibit.
In the eyes of those skilful craniologists, this rare
qualification tendered him the fittest person for a wit-
ness in chief, a forlorn hope in any desperate under-
taking. They did not of course tabulate on the
'Meets of a cross-examination, and the chapter of
seciietsts.
Such was the witness in chief, with whom Sir John
lii:rortl, and Sir Copley (it is fitting the names of
all :la • personages concerned in this vile drama should
be faithfully transmitted to posterity) hail to take the
tieid agaiust the reputation of her 311ajesty. This
postilion, by his own confession, does not know whe-
ther, in the Polar!e in which he sailed with his
mistress, the crew were below ur upon deck, when
the vessel was under sail; i. e. %%heftier a pulacre be
an auimal, or a piece of machinery ; yet this ignorant
stretch is the principal navigator, with whom his Ma-
jesty's Attorney and Solicitor-Oeneral have gone to sea,
in starch of the criminal conversations imputed to her
Majesty. Nu wonder they should be su speedily
wrecked. To follow this " feinferon: as the inter-
preter properly designated bins, thron.illiout his base
and stupid testimony, would be superfluous. Suffice it
to say, that, in elle part of his evidence, he states, that
Ito could nut have applied by letter to he received back
ant the Queen's service, " becalm it is his misfortene
to know very little of writing." whilst, in a suhse-,
quoit part, he says he dues not recollect how long he
aas in England, when he lived with Mr. Hyatt, i•
Gloucester, " because he hes nu the tyok nAich• Ae
had made Me :pilaus':" And,.
althongh he caonot,s
without his minute book, rentetelm`r how lung he was
in service iu England, he has a perfect recollectitigirfi
every thing relating to lie Queen and Bergson, ea
Lin+ anterior date, when :Isere are circuusstances,
which he thinks may tend to criminate her Majesty'.
He recollects, for instance, that lie knocked at Bet-
games dour precisely ,Ares minutes after having fired his
gun at the robbers, on the night in which her Royal
ilighnees's h •use was attacked I • His concealments,'
and his prevarications, on his re-cross-examination,
are clean", remarkable with his contradictions through-
out; and I am much =Waken, if, in the sequel, most,,
palpable perjury be not brought home to him. It will'
also be recollected that he had a quarrel with Bergs*
and his family; mid that be could not forbear from

LONDON:
