.

•

• .

•

.'
s

S

"-- DUBLIN Jf ' '
, 47 10.• -..-- •- • - CORN. LAWS.
...a.-.
r 4 . ...•••••........-
.. • •"" CATHOLIC BOARD. , At a Meeting of the Inhabitants- of -Greenock,
called by public advertisement,. for the LETTE.II. IV. AND. LAST.
There wag a Meeting of this Body held at Mr.l purpose of
stitutraay haul; taking into,consideration the expediency of petition-. -- • •
Fitepatrick9s, in Capel-street, onTO THE. EDITOII OF THE STATESMAN.
John Howley, jun. Esq. of Limerick, in the Chair. Ing• Parliament against the proposed alteration of the Si R,-In my last letter on this eutttt:linJN4oo.fltlh'le.
Cern Laws and held in the Tote Hall, on the I have endeavoured to impress it. on
Mr. O'Cotteett, alluding to. the Rescript of
Seignor Quarantotti, observed, that another indica- 11th day of May, 1814,- . Reader, that true libertyconsisted iii the vitEactst
tion •of the present melancholy period, was the at- ' QUINTIN LEI MIL Esq. in the Chair, or atoter fteasost-by this exercise is formed the
The following Resolutions having been. moved, Mid
tempt made by the slaves at Rome to instruct the '
considered, were unanimously agreed to :---.
Irish Roman Catholics upon the manner of their , nationel will-and the' national will, according to
I
Emancipation. He would as soon receive his poll- i . •
this , Meeting disapprove, ,on ' general . our Constitution, is the. only just law. Lex rrt
tics • from 'Constantinople as from Rome. For the I. That
'grounds, of all Legislative restrictions. on the cons-1. communis sponsio says BRACTON. ,Bat if' you take
Head of his. Church he had the highest respect ; but,
, merce in Corn, as injurious. o the great body of con-' away the exercise reason. front any; people, you
, sinners, without being in any. degree necessary for 7 ;take
away their will, and you, consequently, take
in the preiut case, fie put Theology (of which he
protection of Agriculture; whicb,.from the bulky
, away two also. It is by this exercise or reason that •
kaitii.
,orflidng, and' desired to know nothing) out ;the
41..laisilisisideretion wholly. It was on the ground nature of its'products, and the consequent menu
- ,
er eft to . CivilLeberty that objected to the of transporting them from a distance must, in all man discovers good from evil, and•jost from • hnjost.
rose ,But, 4.t. Wouli hue ahe effect, if passed into cam, command such a preference in the „home ; The will is the consequence of this colialition ; be-
4aw, si. placing its Lie hoods of the. minister a new market as effectually to guard its interests against cause it is impossible for any 'man tio• will himself
foreign competition. That the agriculture of this' harm in preference to good. • The same 'process at.
*Ad extensive source of . patronage, and for that
particular, possessing the demand of a
leum! .he .04r. O'C.) would rather the Catholics i country,- in
than great,-. wealthy, and encroesiog • populatioo, enjoys teuds the operation of reason upon a whole nation
should temilu for ever without Emancipation, than as upon the individual mind of a single man. There,
edvantapa -shag ,that of any other
'that they should receive: it on such terms.-Mr. O'C.. higher .nafttrei
i Nit adverted to-the rumour of an intended Address; country With which we area equainted, end cannot, .
Is no other way fora nation to attain a knowledge
Ito Lord Whitworth. He had heard that some Ca-In the nature of things,. stand in need of artificial 'of what is desirable, and what is noxiossi, but by
tholics of rank.and respectability were' anxious • for .encnermgen'ent • 1.• ?„,,. •
the exercise ,of their reason; and it follows as .in-
such.2. That. the chief iagement by- which.the opposers evitably in this case as in rile other, that h • national
- an Address. Had, it been. persevered in, his .
wish for unanimity was so great that he should not of a 'free trade in (,ore attetafit to maintain their.sys..i sew :
I -mast prefer the good or desirable object to tt at
.
„bare opposed it, although he could not dis-, tem,--namely, that restrictions on importation are
sou on a f606,..1..whic1i is nations. Hence we see that a nation tie.
put.the cultivator& of the
cover what Lord Whitworth had yet done to merit -90CiaiSary to
it ; bet he waft glad. to learn that the intention was Jug of equality with the manufacturing classes, wit() t wired of the.libyrtrof eiereisitig ii•=-.raiiional 61C01;
altogether abandoned. He then moved, "-That aby means of similar laws enjoy a monopoly-of, the ,ties ti deprived .of eviry; other liberty ;* it -tats
-Committee. be•appointed to prepare Resolutions for home demand for the productions of their industry,.: have no imiands th f i
Ike Aggregate Meeting," which was agreed tu, and . wherehy,the price of those articles is enhanced to she `least
, by which a nation' can justly be hoena;
the Gentlemen named.
. 4,agriculteral eensumeeis contradicted by the direct !. ,„...,.. ,_
result' of 'popular' reflection.
evideneentifects •.'u It is:erell known that mauufec- 6"". `"!". is tee'
—/9
sad • Will. .
lured arts apoirtioushole cheaper in this than ide a There can. be. no tons.
'ales ire' -.
We are assured that . BONAPARTE is arrived at .
Gibraltar. He was afraid of trusting himself in in any other county'', w , the &Uncle of the land i-sionis :pearl°, 'but by the operatien of Ate con.
. .., . .
-* 1 .
SetUrileY afternoon Mr. JcsraiesoN arrived In 'Elba, from the commotion which the report of his- are greatly eliarer. -••'• , • , • • ! manis.ratve:. And .therefOre, the very first thing
down with dispatches from
.Viscount Co-met:Awed -appointed residence had excited in the .Island: So !. 3. That even if it were granted that such laws are.; that we.are to leek for in a free Constitution, is the
at Paris. He- also brought letters frontthe Emperor .'
to
his own desire he was conveyed to 'Gibraltar, as .beneficial, there exists at present no necessity for the: macs by which tuft aggregate so of the co. m
measure now under consideration, as the Act of 11104, •, . . .... . - -•-- "' u. '
ALEXANDER LO his sister, her Imperial' Highness the ,to a Place of safety, until his ultiMate destination
which is still in force, imposes a prohibitory duty on oily can eabvPia itself'; this is the'priMbut mobile
trand Duchess' of OIDENNUROD, whom he waited I should be fixed. We have been favoured with a
upon with them, lieddined with the Royal Duchess,.iletter relative to his conduct on • the day preceding , foreign wheat imported, when the price in this coun-•, that is to. put the whole machine in motion. This 4
at Polteney Hotel, Picadilly. We understand the .rya embarkation at Frejus, mid on the autheetici- ;, try is under 635., and a duty of 2s. 6d. the quarter I what, I looked for in the • new French
,Constitutioni
setters brought by MI. JENKINSON state, that the :tY
of the fenewias sartieeheret ear Beadare, aw,,,,1 Iv hen under 665. the quarter..-,That the circum. I
, and the Reader ,will, have seensteat.l did not meet
.
Emperor of Russia had postponed his departure from the!
:'-'-' -
_____,
_' ' -. • , . ----74 stances which have rendered this law inoperative for' with what I expected. • I shall not repeat.my objec.
Parisi., England for a few days, and that he is now I " The itemiser, retteeten, Austrian, and Engilot• irsome piers pasture of a temporary, nature ;-that at lions against the popular _representation, evidently
not
.espectett till the 234 inst. The royal yacht 41: Commissioners, and' Captain Usage, of the Un.,l,the time it was enacted it sae considered a sufficieut changed for the worse bythia,iieW project; L shall
to he rurtilihed with.refreshments, and fitted up, and daunted frigate, who wiq pointed to convey hhn ' protection to the agricultural interest, and there only say, that' representation is the mon hr which
the royal attendants are to go on ' board the yacht to Elba, dined with him on the above day (the 27th i appears. no good reason to doubt .that it will be- the penp'a exercise
.oieir tational faculties-4y this
to,morrow;. Yestertley morning her Imperial- Iligb.. 010 On the introduction of Captain Unice, he ! come so-again, whenever the operation of peace and they distinguish *hot:is-for their good, and what will
other concurring cases shall !hero Woo& back the do them harm, end
ness went' 'to :the • private -Chapel, .Welbeck..street. saids• that though formerly our enemy, he was now ithey would (let he true to them-
In the Ifterlloo.sy• at half-past throe, o'clock, she :sincerely our frieedostsd-Jhat we were a great nation. • Prices a grain in this country to their just and natu- i seker, if they were not to' will .the fist in preference
went to Warwiek.Heuse on. I visit to..the Princess . 09 Captain l.Jsmaii.-abserving, that he feared he ' val level.
..,, - Ito the latter. It is impiety tovilartis GOD, and *the
Csta 'mercer. in the evening her Imperial highness • could but ill hccontieridite him, BONAPARTE said, a :...4, That the average price of Coro, dorteca,.Peeind greatest injury that can he to to man,.to Withhold
dined. with the Earl and Countess of Cnotisou. l'Bsitish main orsiar nal a palace. At dinner the ! so. much out of the ordinary courseof thistle as that from -a nation that free•represetitai;oit which is, so Tie:
D&LEY. . subject was chietlrnaval,
of which he appeared a i -which has elapsed since 1804, cannot be made the • cessary to the exercisisof their reason. It: is to de-
expressed,
i perfect master. On some surprise being , ,
,hasis of any prospective law to regulate importation, ~peive man of his faciii tie%-to degrade Is' is nature-to
Ti'u aura Firre.-The workmen have corn-without the most manifest error and injustice.-Thet
how he could make himself so perfecta, master of the - i confound him wish the brute.... : ;- '
allPtieed 4We-operations in Burlington-Gardens, for the plan submitted to the house of Commons in the • 7
minutia of the navy, when he had such great, and , _ • lihen.men have' established tree esseciples, they
AP .Gsfend Gala, t.o be given by the Members of; last Session of Parliament, is in the strongest degree; bare advanced greatly towards the \attainment of that
so many other affairs of higher importance, he homed,:
WhiteiChocolate-douse. The ground,in the rear
aril felt the compliment; but said,that in three years liable to this objection, as -it not only included the ! knowledge whiCh is the. particular object of their
of the mansion,. was cleared of the underwood, and
plans would have been complete--.-that he was above mentioned period in calculating the average . pursuit. True principles are always aistingeished
,the breucues of the lefty trees lopped off to theheight ' hisrice bat proposed that five seventh parts thereof by their simplicity andgenera!
about to .build 20 led of the line ou the Elbe, and , applicabiity. 'lndeed,
a lir.feet. There will be twat. principal rooms ; the i Psh should be added,andshould
that the sum be the :if they would tit, apply generally, it' would 1
I,would have had two hundred sail of the line well , nu)e a
. ilea for danCitve, 200 feet long by 64 ; the other, for
the supper, 230 by 70. Added_ to these may be enti.:l!'enned, for that his-
,itteritil conscription fully. an- lat which importation might takeplace: at the prDof
Price . . that they were not true. It is a true principle
siered his exleetations. .o'n Its being• observed by Low duty,-in other words it was proposed to pass : then, that for France to be a free nation (as many
rated the Royal BR
feet the dimensions !• - into a law, that whatever pressure from starchy the ; wish to make us believe she is under the present sys-
conscripts did not I
Captain Usage, that his naval .
of which will be 90 feet by 60. Another room, add. , people of this country might feel, they should not i tem), , she must be governed, .not by the will of one
rifrate much alarm, he seemed much surprised, ; be
leading from thereat supper-room, at the upper end, permitted to receive any relief from the abundance :.man, nor yet by that of a set of men, hut by the
ing, that our hlihisters well knew the Toulon fieet
will be 130 by 26 ; and connecting with that will be
was manned with them. He said, that his principal ,of other countries, until the quertern loaf should , general or aggregate reason of the whole nation,
-another 0,1 ; large dimensions. The centre of the have risen to double •
nearly its ordinary price et. an I which reason must have the liberty and the Means of
object in annexing Holland to France, was for the
ball. and great supper-rooms, will be 30 feet high.
purpose of making good sailors by exercising them on unusually high average.-And although the Meeting exerting itself, and of fonninka general sentiment,
The bibles Iri the Pnince REGENT'S tent will be observe kith satisfaction, that this obnoxious measure or will, and this will is law, and is to be carried into
the Zuyderzee; nod turning routed toward the Rue.
'six reit In Adth. :In each of the long rooms will be • has received considerable modifications,, in cerise.; execution by*the constituted authorities. I have al.
siatt Commissioner, said, that he had constructed a
.erected a double row of pillars, and between each !gnome of the general opposition .it has .eacited, yet , ready observed, that the new organization is not so
On his
three decker, then called the Austerlitz. . i
pillar will be suspended a large flag, richly em- thelx objections to it are far.from beincremoved. as well calculated to elicit the national sentiment as
expedition
being asked,7 what he thought 'of pur ; ,
blazoned, 'commenting with the arms -of Great 'I lift are stillofopinion, that ifpassed
into a lan-, was the old ;but this is not Thequestion of
all.
to Holland . He said, rather turning, to the Aus.. y ,
Britain, and neat those of our illustrious Allies ;.
mitigated form, its effects. bepeace and war,
gilt ,
trian Commissioner, 6 I wrote from.,Vienna before:erten In. its present
-then follow the standards taken from BON APARTt.- red . oppressive towards the labouring classes, and pre- • now. to. he decided by the national reason, but by the
The rear will be brought up by the Duke of Wt- ' !he expedition sailed, desiring them to be preps 1. „_,a,
to
~ e
ta general interests of. the country. i dictation of the Sovereign or. his Minister.
for it.' The conversation, in general was highly ilasect
That.
mecerost's arms, and those of all the great Gene.. 5. the present uncertain state of the cue- i The Constitution of 17:89, :and Hie last Constitu.
interesting. Lie looked remarkably well, and- talked
Tilts (foreigners as well as natives), who have dis-
with all his accustomed authority.
A French frigate I rency this country must, in the opinion of thls 1 tion subsisting under NAPOLEON, declared that this
-tinguished themselves throliglioat the whole of the Meeting, present an insurmountable, obstacle, tq the questiou should be decided, hy the naties);- and the Con-
was sent t . .
o wait upon him, but hi preferred going I
-glorious struggle. There will be a middle aisle, or adopting 6f any new regulations regliding thelm- ! servative Senate, in their act of deposition, have given
in the English frigate. Lientenaat Hammes was .
,
promenade balk, for the company ;and the lighting rtation of corn, at rates fixed. in current motley; iitas a reason for. depriving 1343 N APAISTE of the Crown,
; went -with a French and Auitrian Consinissiener to tP°
up of the whole will excel in every respect; it will i 5 - . . ,
considerable rise or fall in the pstice of bullion, ;that he made war without the previous- approbation
take possession of the Island of Elba. In' his 'name. I' es any
lea iiiirect cheld'euvre. affecting the rate of exchange with foreign coal- i of the notion, and an excellent . reason it was ; in-
! The Princesi BORGIIESE intended to follow him .to i bY
The new loin we understand,, will not exceed ! he mide a tries, will eqssaHy tend to derange the operation or; deed, a. better could not have been given ; only it
i• Elba. On taking, leave of his Guards,
: . -••
twenty:6re millions. the law, and to defeat the intentions of the Legisla-i was not 'so well in them •who had tacitly permit :ea
I most affecting speech to thee', which had a great '
- A Mail:arrived on Saturday from Malta. We re. I
effect on both officers and men who shed tears." ; tore.- ' That regulations framed when gold- is at ! this wrong to bring forth. such a charge. BONA.
cretsto have to state-that the letters by it confirm a ,
; Archbishop TROY convened' the Catholic Clergy-151. Ws. the ounce, which is the market price at pre- , PARTE, iu doing • this,• transgressed the Executive
eeport, preausly in circulation, of die reappear. I men, or, more correctly, the Parish Priests •
of his : seats must become tetaily. inepplicohle %Olen the :Authority, and subverted the independence and free-
of the pligue in-the Isle of Pose. The follow- I
I..Diecesy, to meet this dap-but it was deemed more Price shall be reduced to its' ancient standard, .or ' door of the nation :he took from them the exercise of
ing extract of a letter, dated the. 26th March, gives a! exPedient to assemble a full convocation of all the 31. 175..103/4.; and even long before it can reach'i their reason, on a matter.which concerned them en-
more detailed account :" A Man, a native of Cusal : Parish Priests of Ireland. This venerable Assembly ' this point :-and aea.reduction in the nominal price; Only, and not himself, •in way degree, his office
•Curam,-(which is no we.latartOtoi at the commence- will meet on the 25th inst. It is the first time for ofgrain Must necessarily accompany a fall of bulliolcibeing to wage that war Wince the people in their
1111681 t of the plague,in that rasa!, or village, buried a • centuries, that the Second Order of the Priesthood' it is evident that an • importation price, adapted 'to : wisdom decided to be. right and just. The Execu-
kox in the country,_
at some &Mabee from the "sal, have summoned to attend a National Council. the actual state of things, however fair and mode- ' five Power means the power of .executing the will of
containing clothes and other articles. . After be had ; That Council, perhaps a more important one has: not jet" it may now appear, may, in a short time, be- ! the nation. It does not mein the power of forcing
finished his quarantine, about the end. of Febru. :
; assembled in Europe, will decide that the Catholics come, as to every practical effect, a complete pro-la nation into a war against its inclination. War
erg, he dug up the box, and carried it to Gozo, if Ireland are not papi • , hibitory law, under which no importation of foreign cannot be carried on without a sacrifice of life and
where his daughter resided with her husband. . The i
I' As the proposed alterations in the Corn, of Coro can tike place." . i.property ; and if these are to be disposed'Of without
man died rather suddenly, without any uppear. ! this Country cannot fail to excite general attention
Conimons be 1 else consent and concurrence of the people them.
6. That a Petition to the. house of .
ance of plague; or sosPicioa. A few days after- : and much discussion, we feet it our duty to recom- itneediately prepared, in conformity to a. draft ap- 'oelvete-if they are not to exercise their reason, and
winds, his daughter died also, and an alarm was mend the perusal of Mr. Bructwooa's well-writ.. PI?'" of by. the Meetings Wayiet that no alters. .pronounce their will In this case, it is not worth
spread. The intercourse between the two islands ten Tract on the subject; as containing many ori- tion may take place in the'present ion , Laws, so- 0 while doing it in any other : all is gone, if that is
was instantly interilictid.; the civil ,government was ginal reflections and temperate remarks upon the ge. ,to advance the rates which foreign grain may be iota gone. What liberties= any Constitution give ms
soperceded by the military-a -cordon was'. drawn neral effect of roach Laws; and pointing out the true Ported at the low duties, and. that the. Right HOD. worthy my acceptance, - after raking from me this
Lord Archibald Hamilton, 'be requested to present first and most essential prall rights, a controul over
round the Mal (GaicittY, and every precaution taken policy for the Legislature to adopt at this time ; that ..
fo prevent its spreeding, and hitherto the infection ;41 whilst we endeavour to augment the prosperity ee, wed support the same. -• oy life and property ?r--If tbereasists a man in the
- QUINTIN LEITCH, Chalremo: world that can exercise over tae such a controul as
is confined to that casal.-The plague has also made • the. permanency of agriculture, the foundation of -.
"' ' Allis, that man is my master, and lam his slave. The
its appearance at Damietta, which the I3ashaw has is Social edifice, care he taken of the superstructure, Hai, •- .
caustal to he surrounded by a cordon of troops." . l'imbeilishinents, and Its defences ; that is, of oar I 'LUCIEN BONMPARTE is Aid to have actually,quitted .power of declaring war, therefore,. in a free Govern-
Six vessels were taken between the and 10th of arts, manufactures, commerce; amid navigation:ie.« this.country, and, in the,.inoet private manner. lib ,maul must emanate from the people .themselves; it
,is *imposed. to to prieeeded:.lor..,Heme,..,iiherche .canuot be apart of the Executive. Under a lawful
'last menth, bythe Prince of Neufchatel American -, (See Advertisement). . ,
pre attar, and carried into Havre, where they have I Coax EXCHANGE, MAY 16.—Tbe stiPplt, Olin. Wheat this had considerable 'property., ; Illy'fa*ity *mile .Wt Government the Executive is no more than what its
heed Condemned and the veiseli.lid cargoes *Elver.? i iserttioe tieing small floe qualities set an advance of Is. s kite- Thorogrove, near Worcester., Ie is mid; that .be name • implies, the wer of executing the will of
riot sorts cootioote atoaleablei' • Fine :Batley sane as AtlondaY . • ied he should ' •
~ nu 6 . return tat tlsta toodotry inlseptesti. -thy- people ; but this is, a power .of executing the
. Need for sale: ..,
.._ .. • last; gale sallples Ir. cheaper. _Oats keep their price sad test
• On• Friday 26- weggoni, •beliinglng to the Royal i freely. In other articles no alteration. ,- s , i;ber, and then removelltli hili feuillyto 6x their re* people themselves, by making them shed their &rod
, , .. •
, Wheat (I'lllolo
kg nu *Train, proceeded with -money from the . , .
!We e: 66 711 Be"s. . . 4AO 44 dance in some part of Italy. ..-..,
- -,. i., • and squander their money a4aittst their will. It
36 40 • Vito new ship of the line, risaliVekins, the largest in short,. s. power that produces all the fruits of
'Bank of England to Portsmouth; for the purpose of I lit);!? (P're`an) s° 72 tad Olito
„. 38 40 Tick do.
.' .
paying off a certain portion of the-navy. • ' 1 Miley . • 'B2 42 1014 . and finest vessel ever knowAiii Os British Nary, it , pure unmitigated slavery. 800 APARTS, oe are fold,
Yew aitto' i: .'. .,- --.. oats ........,.• • .-- a3O now completed at Wool week/W.4w launch of bar( assumed this.power, and consequently committed, tt
A 4ispetisation has been passed, authorizing thel malt . • 70 76 Fine ditto ...r.. ,.— . . reserved is an 'nt •t" .
Emperor of RAPALA, the King of FRANCE,
Feed
,int 1 ,i 2, .r 4 te:
ssoTeseigns w interestingittpectade_
_•'‘frier tfitililesttft- !-atreiotis offence.
;Itgaiest.the reason. and. the freedom
Duke of Weweavori to wear the full Orders of the ; 1:1'..•
Ditto Hollers • ****
" ***
58" 62-i Flue Float; ......,..!..0 65 . Thursday are
n bega
to vnislt.
tu7itsison:vl.o,lol othfitigss.peof wplhet,chitheitito ile p:itilentt
hies onehad
tohfetmhT
Garter, 'the same as if they had been installed. Grey p•eas .
. 42 46 Seennds. * • ...- ..."' B°l thelionses on the north-east -end 'of Pall-Mall; *it- nanimit to own hie faults. repeated, I wish the Conaervaiive
By the following paragraph, copied this morning -.se- Y
SMITHFIELD MARKET:-MaY 16. , other opening is. immediately: to 'be mode ecrnss Senate had copied his example, and' repented likewise
from Lt.oyn's Books, it would appear,' that the T 2 sink the Offal per stone of W.. - • -
CocksPur-street, through the, lower part hf Hedge' of the share they had in the iniquity : but icstead of
Pallas and Circe French frigates are still at sea. Beef ... ss. Bd. to 65.. Head of Cattle Ms dm :
- - 2186 lane and the King's ens, in order to open the thin what hiive they done? They have struck out of
.“----N, from Liverpool to New Pro- ?tattoo -Se. ltd. to 7's. 2tl. Beasts
__ _ !h. Od. to '' Od. Slurp_ e-et.ev•-• 12,540 colicoade of St. idertia's'Church perspettitely frets] their. new Constitution the, very condition that Bow
be
2g.
.11411.2411. SetritltTs violated,. and which _they dethroned him

THR FREKHRgIrOLUTRIA

774'1
pita -*YE fi,LiG EWE: -
behooks, •
DIAL, WAY 15.—Arrived yesterday his Majesty's ship
Daphne with a (=coy frnsiihe Baltic, which are sailed for
different 'destinations. Arrived to-day the Diana East India-
nian, and rentains.—Sailed his Majesty's ships Aatelope and
Amphion, fir Portsmouth, and the Cadmus, for Ostend.
Powesuomrn, Maw !S.—Arrived yesterday the Tiger and
Indus Et at Indiaraen frnat the Downs.—Salled the Rinaldo

of war for ditto:—Arrived to-day his Majesty's ships An-
teft;p4. and Ai Mphion from the "owes, and one of the homeward
'hound East Indiamen from Plymouth.--Sailed the Rosamond
to the Eastward.--\o convoy is at present appointed.
, .
PLYMOUTH, MAT, 14.—Came in the Hussar frigate, from •
liiatiras„ the Capes and St. Helena, hating on- beard Lord
/Nino and suit. The Planar left the Cape early in December,
and St. Helena on the 13th March, at which time the Stirling
Castle wean of war was waiting there the arrival of the China
Seel. to convoy them to England.—Arrived Li• Gloiee and La
Prevail French frigates, and the F.grette French corvette,
from Brest, having on board FXh) English prisoners of 'war.
.HasarLin-the Pheasant sloop of war, from Cork.—Sailed the
Sir Fratiris Make frigate, Sealark-schooner, and Pigmy eon.
brig. with she homeward-hound East India fleet, for the
Downs and tile Thames. Alko? sailed the Helsrusfrigute for
Boardenne, Royal Oak man of war for ditto; Redwing.'Fox-
hotted. Intelligent, and 'Growler gotoitrige, for the westward.
FA LHOUTIT, Ma2r 11,77 Arrived the'Conquest goo-brig, from
Plymouth. with a mranottor Wales t and the Lady A.rahelif•,
packet, with a.hisil from Boordeasx, in three days. flatlet.).
the Mediterraoran, Morrison, bound to the Brazils.—Sailed the
iutGdostnn storeollp, for Portsmouth; and the Earl Moira East
Imliarnonfor River.—The following packets are gene into
the Roads, viz. Francis Feeding, fur Bordeaux ; Prince Er-
nest, for Lisbon; and the Osborne, for Halifax; all with Mails-
,

The Uscar,.t: mon,
vidence, is taken and sunk off Madeira) by the Pallas
and Circe' French frigates.

%real '• • • •
Od. to 7s. "
Od.. to 9s. 61.

Calvin
ripooooooo N•••••

.~~~

i .Y

-~• :v

S 1

i

miA
