.\

occasion; mad they could eerily have toadied 14-
rbe people Ilnew the perils titat Mend oss Nip eta
sembleges, cud that they elurtot meet het swift se'
strictiens, and is the limited space of a Mewl: It -If
true, besides, that in certain plies, the body of the
people were compelled to *peek for themselves, and
spoke with freedom and energy like men ; while the
corporation% under the sway of Ministerial superiors.
have, according to their customary submission ;
been careful to tepees. all sentiments egos the
subject. and are themselves as mute as mice. But

it is beyond the arts of detraction to decry the count
or spirit of the popu!ar feeling. Unless in solitary
corners, restrained by derailing and polluting it-
thence, "it is universal as the sir." Neter did as
affair of a public nature, in the memory of the oldest
man, excite such forcible and general tact ; and this
too, at a period when the public mind, eel basted by
political struggles, and mortified by repented disep•
pointments, was apprehended to be sunk in spatlsy.
Never was a Meeting of the Freebolden of Middle-
sex, is the liveliest periods of public spirit, mos
numerous or respectable than tblt of -yesterdor.- -its-
character defies the attempts of calumny—and its tone
of sentiment, if stimulus were wanting, must gesotate
a congenial spirit through every independent bruit
1 in the k;ngdoin.

Letters from Copenhagen, rebind by the Dutch
mail. announce the failure of Messrs. • Meyer and
Tryer, the vrell•known hankers of that city, whose
operations in Loans with foreign *renown% have
equalled those of any other house on the Costinent.
The immediate cause of this ealamity. is said to be ties
having engaged in extensive shipments to India ant
China, on which, from the Flutist state of thole mar-
kets, a Ines of 50 per cert. was misdeed. The fallsre,„
which was fee about MIAOW. sterlidg, will be felt in
several other citim, but more particularly at Main-
burgh.
The Spanish peasantry who are biking pert is what
is called the Counter-Revolution, it is snorted are
armed with English muskets.
We understand, on good authority. that her Majesty
has addressed an import int letter to the King. Should
it open the way towards an adjustment of this deplor-
able question, we need not say with whet grateful
feelings we shall communicate the contests of it to our
tenders.— ( noes.)
It is not in Europe only that disturbeime threatens to
spool itself. Advice, from the West Indies islets.;
es, that St. Domingo is menaced with the horrors if
dell war. Sir Home Popham. when there, eeertod liter.
' self with great address and energy to bring about an
amicable reconciliation between !ling Hew/ atakillk,
President Boyer, bet in vain. The latter party MIN*
ON former as is a state of abject slavery a
ral maim might be speedily effected, if the=
Chief would conquer the unhappy idea that he mien
tains, that he alone is capable of ruling or entitle* i
side mow the. Mapdams.hos thiwidea-lo- .--
surrender but to force, and the attempt will Ow ha
made. The Republican form ender Sorer anwsmolb to
35,000 men, sot indeed well Clothed.'nor ennerielj
armed, but all animated by the nodes, that they aro
shoot to resepe their fellow creatures from jpram
Hostilities are expected to break out le the pte
month of August, and the war will be of the asodt hoe•
rlble carnage. Bat though Sic Home failed in hiP OMNI.
endeavours to prevent a civil war, he comes:Ay sew
corded with both the Chiefs in his neirociations inc,es
amicable sisdormusdiess• with this country. 1 This&
no countenance abepid be given to runaway
or to Drawn. Times, ot Deserters from raltry"
out Ida
The temporary etections on the north side of the
west mortise to Westminster Abbey, intended to be
let out for spectators to view the promotion at the
Coronation of his Majesty into the venerable pile, see
now taking down by order of the Dean end Chapter.
The Demi and Chapter of Westminster are Wonder-
fully disappointed in their expectations of emolansbet
from Westminster Abbey on the ensuing eerohatiste.
Their claim to the prinks arising from the seats, ant
other accommodation to strangers in that place, is die.
allowed nearly in tot*, and it Is ascertained diet' they
have a right to nothing more Oita the chancel, In-
cluding a passage to the chapel, secretory to the poi-
formate of their religious fenctimis. Colonel So-
renson, on the pert of the Boatel of Works bas %Re -
possession of the Abbey, of which be new belie the
keys. The portion now allowed to the Dean and
: Chapter does not exceed msg.-teeth efthe whole: That
e :pe tel originally, to derive a met of SILCOX
I The points on which ibe Bills of Bunt=
sera ed is the ease of Major Cartwright sad
we: e foliaged are, let, the wanner la which tbe Spoiler
Jury had been strack ; SC the falters of einitagek
leg see tithe 14 Spedal Jurors at I pewitee does
I 3d, the hot allowlagits. OW Ililleetal Jaques who
' attended, to answer the lesitim pet to them lep ifit:'
Wailer. at the commeggenteet of the Weld, us to who. •
titer they had or not expressed any "inlet regarding
the events which bed occasioned it.
•• Nevis, Juts, Illth.-..8y a sloop from Crab Island';
i mealiest, is toceired, that feerwave Wm.& Wow-
ing to Brios's equadros wore at that islainiesed bud •
carried is two of Antipahipuisen and two Uwiase. •
usipporpalin
men fall of Degrees, • latter, and a Poing-. •
guest brig, from • Angsp Brasil% with e rale*.
ble cap. The Tribe ' *Wee has been seat to look
after them. An Independest.crebser toss of Grenada
a few days since, with a Spanish prise, laden with
line. The Spanish *showier Josephine, time L.
ettayra to St. Themes's, with 710 boy; of selhe and'
lOU doubloons on board, bas bees labowsed outride "•
into rim idesids.—Rth Jose. A oaf ewe sabood/a1 1'
' assed hem last sight for Aatigno, psise- to she Telf:e •
Cunt frigate; whisk has sank another litaltdr, teat' •"
burnt a third. The frigate ass eerie& 4111- s Onfo••!•: •
Delman. and was att,ckesi by times of St. b."! fir.'
" isle of France, April Math...-Ale the le s'l
tie 10th April, theihip Priendshiln•lleck. • de. •
rived from Calcutta red Coyle% wee dlesoserldt. .1
on lire, end. sotsrithessedio. estestiginao •
begot to the waset's edge. and tads. tbs. et*
this port; she had so sate en besed..tHe ...,•
.bat se asaribuse this aevidens awes It beialaielka '
am. how tell nee net presiand till is n 7.41110 Me '4
se sgerd say Milt" • • - ~,,* ".. 4
