s:ta•cT OW • LITTER PROM St. TUNAS* DallltD

JULY 7.
is We have nothing new here from the Main. Our
coast is swarming with Independent privateers ; 11,07
are to be seen almost every hour. The trade between
this island and Laguira has been completely cot up by
them ; nearly all the regular traders have been cap-
tu red. The last prizes we have heard of their taking
were two Spanish (iuineamen from the coast of Africa,
with about 280 slaves. These vessels have been sent to
Margaritta. There are ten vessels missing that were
bound from here to Laguira, the cargoes of which are
very valuable ; and it seems that neither the united
efforts of England nor Americacan suppress the horrors
of the inhuman traffic of slavery. It was understood
the United States had stationed some vessels between
this port, Porto Rico, and the Havannah, with a view lo
intercept slave vessels, but they have been already
withdrawn. Business is ninth the same as when I
wrote you last ; we have a great stock of flour on
hand. A few days since, a Danish man of war was
blockading an Insurgent privateer at one of the
Passage Islands. The frigate sent her boat with a flag,
and invited the commander of the privateer on board
with his papers, which he complied with. nen on
board the frigate, his papers were taken from him, and
he ordered to bring his privateer out. This order he
obeyed ; but as soon as he got out he made his escape,
and the next day was off here, and sent a menacing let-
ter on shore, stating that unless his papers were re-
turned to him in 24 hours, he would burn the first
Danish ship he fell in with ; but we do net know if his
papers were returned."

The result of the proceedings at Warwick against
Major CARTS nicer and others, appears to have been
as gratifying to some of the moderate friends of
Reform, as to any of the advocates of corruption.
Excess of seal in a cause that is calculated to warm
the heart in which it has been long and sincerely
chetisbed, can excite in such no sentiment but of in-
dignation or dislike, however excellent the aim or
pure the motive. Neither the irreproachable life, nor
the number of years devoted by the venerable patriot
to the promotion of his country's good, can save him
from contempt, if in any case he overstep the bounds
of cold discretion. Now we think this treatment is
ungenerous and unmanly. It cannot be the treatment
of a consistent friend of English liberty and inde-
pendence who would
" —Bean the failing with a brother's eye ;
The weakness prompt to shade."
Whatever were our aversion to the objects of the meet-
ing at Birmingham, and our apprehensions of the ad-
vantage that would he taken of all such assemblages of
the people, as were held on that and other occasions,
last year, we were not disposed to charge with criminal
designs, the persons who took the lead at those assem-
blies, however much we questioned their prudence.
Men are not to be adjudged according to the
fears or prejudices of those with whom they differ,
but according to the principles and forms of law; and
if on this ground the proceedings at Warwick are to
be estimated, we cannot conceive that any one who has
that Orator respect for the Constitution which he
professes, can hare any reason to be satisfied with the
means by which the end with which he is gratified
has been obtained. If a conspiracy on the part
of the defendants can be considered proved, on such
evidence as was adduced at Warwick, it will be dan-
gerous for any man to attend a public meeting. No-
thing could be more loose than the grounds from which
the alleged conspiracy was inferred ; and as to the
en timeuts in which, by that conspiracy, they are sup-
posed to hare all concurred, a slighter pretension to
accuracy was never offered in a Court of Justice. Of
the witnesses who uudertook to prove the words said
to hare been uttered by some of the individuals pre-
sent, neither could undertake to repeat, immediately
after he had heard it, any part of a sentence that had
been read to him, though they gave readily an
account of speeches of which they acknowledged
they had taken no notes till many days after the
meeting ! In several other points, whicbjeeery one
who has a due regard for the adrainiEvetion of
justice will hold to be essential, the proceedings
appear to be manifestly deficient ; and the exposure
of these, one of the defendants effects*, so far
as acuteness and ability could prevail, a maii-
vier the meat striking and complete. We do not, how-
ever, consider the proceedings terminat* as before"
the verdict was delivered, three Bills GT Exception
were presented on specific grounds, which will be
argued in the House of Lords.

Intelligence of considerable importance has reached
London, by the Chesterfield packet, Crain the Lee-
witii ; it is that the Royalists in South
Alatrica have manifested a disposition to put a stop to
hither hostilities by negotiation. The following let-
ter alludes to the subject
" Sr. THOMAS'S, JULY 7.—There have arrived here,
within the last few days, Agents or Commiesionars
(rum the City of Caracas, en their way to Angostura,
with proposals to open negotiations, and a cessation
,It arms, which is to take place immediately. I un-
derstand also that the Spanish Government has agreed
In receive Agents or Commissioners direct from the
Patriotic Government at Angostura."
The new Romantic Mele-Drama, entitled " The
Paurpire ; er, the Bride qf the Isles," which is taken
alma a French piece, which has for some weeks past
attracted all Paris, and is beaded on that celebrated
Tale, was to have been produced on Monday last, at
the English Opera House; but, on account of the
calamitous event which bas closed the places of pub-
lic amusement, the production was postponed. His
Majesty has, however, been graciously pleased to
command that the Theatres should be re-opened to-
morrow, when this interesting Melo-Drama will be
brought oat with the addidons of some very superb
scenery.

THE STATROMAN.

Q CERN.

MIDDLSSIX NESTING TO ADDRW Tint

This day at loon, a very numerous and highly
respectable Meeting of the Freeholders of Mid-
dlessex, took place at the Mermaid Tavern, Hack-
ney. Mr. Sheriff Parkins in the Chair. After
stating the reluctance he felt in mixing himself with
the great question about to be discussed, and lament-
ing that every subject of complaint was swallowed up
by this, the Sheriff highly applauded the plan re-
commended is the letter of Lord John Russell, and
concluded by wishing a speedy termination put to the
family division. Mr. Flanagan then rose, and was
proceeding to address the meeting when our Reporter
came away.
