_
31/. Dumfries. Derby, Suffolk-321. Flint. Montgomery,
Rutland-31S. If ants-361. Gloueester, Warwick-386. Not-
tingham-3'll. Devon.
891• Danbarton--401. Lincoln-421. Stirling, Stafford.
431. Renfrew. Durham, Leicester-411. Cheshire-461. An-

siesta.
46/. Woreester-47/. Berke-491.
Wilts.
611. Haddington-611/. Cambridge.
641. Perth-561. Bucks —6Bl. Edinburgh, Oxford-841. Clack
661. Lanark, H'
Sussex.
711. Northampton-721. Bedford-951. Essex.
1261. Lancashire-1321. Linlithgow-1441. Herts.-1491.
Surrey.
6461. Middlesex.
Roads are of two kinds—the Turnpike Roads, and Cross
Roads : the latter it is difficult to estimate, the former ex-
tend above 24,000 miles. The annual income of the Turn-
pike Roads on the average of the years 1818, 1819, and
1820, was as follows :
England L970,619
Wa1e5........... 37,872
Scotland . 129,633

Smperset:

Forfar, Kent; York-701,

L 1,137, 923
But this income, besides the necessary expense of continual
repairs, was burthened in the year 1821 with the following
debt :
England.
Wales . 201,982
Scotland... 1,124,273

L 5,260,490
It is very remarkable how great the difference is both in
income and expenditure between the roads in different parts
of the island. The annual expenditure per mile varies
from 31. to 548/. on the average of different counties ; and
the annual income varies from 6/. to 6081. Where the es-
penditare is highest the income is not only highest, but
affords by far the highest excess over the expenditure.—
This, as may readily he supposed, is near the Metropolis.
While in, one part of England the expenditure exceeds the
income 231. per mile, in Middlesex the i ncome exceeds the
expenditure 601.
The President of the United States in his late Message
to Congress states that " there are established by law (in
that country) eighty-eight thousand six hundred miles of
past roads."

FRENCH PAPERS.
_-...-

The French Papers of Wednesday, supply only the
fo'lowing articles from Spain s—
ftla DRID, JAN. 11.-By a decree of the sth, his Majesty
announces his royal intention to create a junta composed
of persons of known zeal, of which Don J. Perez Villamil,
Counsellor of State, is to be President, for the purpose of
favouring by all possible means, internal and foreign coin-
metre, the national manufactures, and in short, every
branch of public prosperity.
His Majesty being informed by Count Bourmont that
the French Government ►rill pay fur all the articles supplied
to the army of occupation except meat, has ordered the
Mayors of all the communes where the allied troops are
stationed, to take care that the Commissaries of General
Bonrmorst shall duly receive the provisions of which they
have need, awl that all assistance shall be given them in
providing for the French army. The Minister of War, in
announcing his Majesty's intentions, exhorts the Alcides
to take care that no fraud is committed, and informs
them that the articles furnished ail! be paid fur monthly
by the paymasters of the French Army.
liartcewela, JAN. 7.—The municipality Itas published
a long decree for the preservation of public tranquillity,
in consequence of an attempt to create a disturbance (on
the 4th.), by insulting an officer of his Majesty's armies.

JAMAICA PAPERS.
KINGSTON, Nov. 22.
In the Hon. House of Assembly, on Tuesday, Mr. Onto-
St ON rose for the purpose of moving for the appointment of
a Committee for considering of some measure, which should
show what the feelings of that House were in respect to the
conduct of Parliament at home towards this country. He
apologised for having undertaken this task—he bad waited
in hopes that some more able Member would have taken
the subject in hand, and he would most willinely resign
it if any Member morecompetent would undertake it. Ile
was afraid that what might be done by the different Com-
mittees, that had been appointed, would not answer the
purpose of fully showing the grievances of which the
country had to complain. He WAS afraid that in the state
of thelegislature of this Island, such measures as might
be proposed, would not be unanimously carried. The
(louse should not lose sight of its firmer place, when under
similar circumstances, in 1759, a Committee of the house
met the Council, and passed a joint memorial to the King.
This course, lie thought, should no .v be adopted. The
Hon. Member admired the prudence and wisdom with
which the Executive had introduced the subject to the
House. He was desirous that the House should inquire
seriously into the grievances under which the country la-
boured—to inquire what had been done, and to renel the
unblushing attacks upon our character and laws. Kt was
not for blinking the question, but to meet it fairly and
fully, and to inquire what was necessary to be done. He
should have retrained from stepping forward on the o,•ea.
sion, had any one more competent moved in the question,
and lie won'd willingly resign it; but he conceived it
necessary to bring the matter to issue, and far that purpose
moved, 't that a Committee be appointed to inquire into,
and report bathe house, what steps are necessary to he taken
in conseqnence of information, received from the Agent on
this Island., of the proceeding's adopted by the House of
Commons, anti his Majesty's Ministers, in respect to slavery
in the British Colonies in the West Indies."
Mr. HIGOIN seconded the motion, and thought the House
should always proceed by precedent; and in 1789, whin
the British Parliament were endeiv inring to legislate for
us, the House asked the Council to join in a remonstrance
to the House of Commons.—Sack was the case then, and

he hoped the House would not depart from it. The
Honourable Gentleman cited the following passage from
the remonstrance :—" It is with surprise, equ tiled only by
our affliction, we learn that certain innovations are pro-
jecting in Parliament, which not only threaten injury to
all property throughout the British West Indies, bltt, in
the case of many individuals, strike altogether at its
existence." if then it was thought necessary to adopt
such proceedings when the Abolition of the Slave Trade
was meditated, how much more necessary was it now,
when our very existence was at stake. The power of
legislation for ourselves was interwoven in the Consti-
tution.
The motion was carried; and Mr. Higgin, Mr. Barrett,
Mr. Hodgson, Mr. Mais, Mr. Plummer, and Mr. Robertson,
were appointed a Committee.
The Consolidated Slave Bill was raid a second time in
the House of Assembly yesterday, and ordered to be com-
mitted. It contains, as far as we could, hear, bat few
Additional provisions in regard to the Slave Population.
11 protects the slaves on Mondays from being levied on by
the Marshal; and directs all shops to fie shut, and prohi-
bits the erection of booths on Suodayi, under a penalty
of fifty pounds for the first offence, and imprisonment for
the second.7-There is a clause to punish the crime of which
Simpson was found gnilty, but escaped punishment from
the inefficiency of the Law. Supervisors of Workhouses'
are restricted from giving more than ten lashes to negroes,
except with the aothority of a Magistr►te. Penalties are
to be inflicted on persons purchasing clothing from negroes.
These, we believe, are the priocipal additions. It was
stated, in several of the newspapers, that Mr. Barrett pro-
posed, in the Committee to admit the evidence of n7roes
