.. . -
. . ". . . .. • . • .• . .•- • .
. . - , I. . .
..
.. . ,
;fr
At 0.1,,
.
. .
/".. 444) 014 tif
q°l4l°'
7 . • .., $..... , ir.# 'VI., a
' 4._,..
i r
1,. ty
......
V). ton f* A it'2 ti I- . :4 .
fir
.."....
_
- - \., ..44
. ...antosirilimotemotmonlimott.........
s . • -,01.1.1.1101.10.1., ... • ....f, ..........,;..-;,..., '',....../
. / SF
mailt. 1 IP ,t , ... ,tf', . l •. - ' •A''' •4: ''
'N ' . ! '-a- , .. 'N -) • " .'• , !rt . • 1 t.1%.4. -
...
..
/it . , .. •-• ...11.0.-•. • -',... **Ravi . . .
I • t \ t.,..---41111 an ... • . ,-.1p,,..-:. - 4 -i '
ii. v . ' ,s 4 11 ' I A 1 .1 4,b en.,,f,.: a
, • •7• .• , ifp:Jiiiiirl -...; : . il••• ' 1 • it/ 1 !
x ... _ - r ... - ' 'a ''. ii • . • .
'RIDA ' ' :MY' 25. ' - ritnern ,

No. 3043

LONDON, F,

Y, SE_

'IER „ 1818.


• ' . ..


.

" TAe Cain e for which HAMPDILN fell la the field, and Seorgr died mg the scaffold I"



,C39,0:10 FOR Tiara
FIRFST-DRAMBER.WN PRIZE O 4 THE
O NOVE
rIPMIL Contractor for. the Lottery, respect.
• folly ofers his best Frieods, the Pubbc. his grat• ful
Thanks for their paeropage its she Lottery ju,t coded. The
Bthewe of tne New Lottery contains
Four £30,003 Consul Prices.
And various other Capital-. all to he paid is Ster'ing Massey.
Although there are only 14,0011 Ticket-4, and he holies to have
the pleasure of sharing the greater purl among his friends, who
will, no doubt, recollect, that in the !art Ltatere Contract he
sold (as usual) Capitals exceeding. in number ,atal amount those
hold by any other Othre-keever. including
Two Prizes of £90..(100! both in Shares I
And in another Lottery.
All Three Prises of Thirty Thotmoul Pounds I
Tickets and Shares are selling at BISH's Of% es, 4. Corn-
afid 9, Charing-cross, Lomita); and by his Agents in Eng-
Imo!, Ireland. and Scotland.
•.• Schemes gratis.

Valuable Leasehold Property, Goswell•street-road, aad
Winton.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION.
By Mezets. DRAYTON and V ENTOM,
At the Auction Mart, near the Rank, on WEDNESDAY,
Septomher 30. nt Twelve o'Cl.,ek, by order of the Advainis-
avatar of Mr. Wm. Poole, deceased, in Four Lots,
Lee 1. A LEASEHOLD Brick-13.0M DWELL-
, • ING-HOUSE, drsirohly situate, No. It.Grove-
plore, Charles-street, Onseell.street-road. in the occupation of
•hlrs. Cooper, euit poodacing an annual rent 4231.
Lot. 2.—A Ditto, nearly adjoiniol nutewred 20, in the ex-
culpation of Mr.Wns. Eifetty at a rent of ner atinerh.C2l 0, 0
And it Ditto, No. 33, let on lea* to Mr. Wills,, at a
rebt of per ammo

•
SPANISH FAITH.
EXTRAORDINARY VIOL A lON OF A TREATi
WITH TH L PATR LOTS.
Among the various papers lately taken from their
enemies by the Patriots of Venezuela-, is the original
of a Memorial presented, iu 1813, by Gen. Miranda
to the High Court of Justice in Caracces, relating to
the gross t•iblation of the Capitulation entered into
the preceding year with the Spanish Commander.in-
Chief, on behalf of.the inhebitaots of those province,.
It will be remembered that in 1812, Careens, as well

projects of revolution, subversive me- Also: 411
the springs that malice could invero,weceresarreti to..
The arrests were tPi.raltill, arid every dal nos mark-
ed by the imprisonment of tisfietent iudir4dinitsa All
these victims 14 er to Waco eil tntheportof.l.a Guayas;
some with their.hande and feet hound, etowited on
males of horde',; others dragged ow /out, awl UI
threatened, ill-termed, and esposed to Parry Wendt of
those who conducted them, sod even deprived of
performing on the road the ordinary •fenctiont of
nature, presented to the view of the spectators an
object the usost worthy of eompass4pnund isomer !
" I saw then, with' a mazemeet, a repetitine of rho
same t•tenes hick% I had Smelt on eye wittier/ in
Fiance I sew droves of men of the romp Illestrious
sod tilistOiguisaird rooks, cteeves, and condi i ns,
fleeted like the most atrocities felon., I—l saw them
buried with msself in horrid doogeotts ! I saw
venerable age—l saw tender youth—the rich, the
poor, the mechanic, in short, the priesthood itself,
redeced to shackles and chains, and dondemned to
breathe a mephitic air, which extinguished the arti.
Geist light, Wetted the blood, and led to an init•
vitable death ! I saw, in fine, sacrificed to this cru.
city, citizens distinguished by their probity and to.
lents; I saw them perish almost soddenly in those
dangoon.,, not only deprived of the assistance which
humanity dictates for the relief of the body, but ex-
pire in the arms of their companions, destitute "ten
of those spiritual sucenuts which our holy religion
prescribes Men, who lam satisfied would harei
perished • thouaat d times with their arms in their
hands, rather than submit to such outrages and
treatment.
• 46 In the midst of this confusion,- produced by
events of sufficient notoriety, the wise and Itheral
Conititution, which the Getter•l Cortes sanctioned
on the 19th March of the last 'year, was promulgated
in Cowes. A monument, so much the smile glo-
rious and honourable to the worthy Represeetatires
who dictated it, as it was likely to prove the I.is- of
Peace, the Anchor of Übe: t y and the firm t•to most
important step that the Mother Country had ever
taken for the benefit of the Athoricatt Contiueht.
The Venezuelans thought that, 'miler the shellac
and protection of Chia precious 'Weld, all their mls.
fortunea eould.be at an end ; that the imp. i•••nmenta
not Id rel a; that trangoillil and motual-confidence
would tie 'rooted, at,tl that a new order of things,
a sy stem, free and liberal, mould for ever ensure
their live! and property.
" But, oho will believe it ? In the very.act ,of
sweatill; on the Altar, before the Supreme
Vie inviolable observance of the Constitution, (real
impiisonments, like the former, were going oil, whicb
were caution/editor many days, and the dungeons of
La Gosyra and prisons of Cowes! filled by those
arrests to the extraordinary number, as I am in-
formed, of fifteen hundred persons ! Nor sere
these unjust acts confined to this Province. Cumena,
Bircelnita, and !Wagtails, tinder the auspices of the
capitulation, and the shelter of upright and impartial
Magistrates, were enjoying profound peace, amin.
willed calm, and all the blessings and happiness,
which the evict observance of that solemn compact
carried *Oh it, when on a sudden a Commissioner
from the capital appears, and in spite of the Chiefs
of those districts, anti in contempt of good faith, an
infinite number of every class and tank, without
consideration for the respectable grey hairs of a matt
of 80, or the venerable character of priesthood, are
2rresfed, loaded with irons, and buried in the dee.
sr
geous cif IA Gutty ra and Puerto Cabello.

as the capitals of some of the other provinces, was
visited with a dreadfult earthquake, which spread
alarm and desolation among "ill orders of society, and
rendered it impossible for the cause of Independence
to proceed. Gen.llliranda was then at the Arad of
affairs, and fany sensible of public feeling, and sup.
potted by the concurrence of all the leading chew-!
tens, wilt, jutted that a cordial reconciliation with the
Parent Sate would best accord with the situation of 1

Producing .643 U 0
Lot 3.—Sks Brick-hailt DWELLING-HOUSES. eligibly
sitit3te, and namhered 11, It, IS. 14. 15, and 16, City lU:tritely.
place, Bridle-lane, Islington, and producing a mutat Of per an •
num, Bsl.
Lot recpertahle Brick-built R ItSIDVNCIR,, with a
wltNrd,t:atden (ai hand). pl. aolutly situate, No. 19, City far•
den!, oitbio a s' urr dbiance of L. t S.
Tae•w•holr held ou Leases. fur !nog terms, subject to low
gr.orad.rents.
The 11..wes are well tenanted, in a good slate of repair, aud
in a situation dad) improving.
May be viewed ten day preceding the Sate, by leave of the
tempts ; ry d Lot 4. os applicatngl,• t„ Mr. Prtroto, Vn. 11,
City 6 srilem ; mid printed Pattinttlra h.d of Mes•rr. Dra)tua
and Ventona, Surveyors and Auctioneers, Auction Mart.

This day was published, price N. blond,
CRITICAL GRAMMAR of the PRF.NCII
is- and ENGLISH LANGUAGES. with Tabular
}j arida;
linos I cptruloted to aid the Vrtgli-h Student in the ocapire.
mot o: des Nie.ties of the French Lan:tinge, wnd to gove the
Preach Scholar a kw.% ledge of the Engii.lt Tongue.
13 W. HODGNON.
London: Printed fur Joists Suuter, school Library, 73, St.
Paul's Church-yard.

both parties, be undertook and carried into effect a
Capitulation, which was afterwards solemnly ex-
changed end ratified, before the country was delivered
up to the Spanish Chiefs.
This capitulation was published at the time in the
Papers of this country, and it pledged full amnesty
arid oblivion of the past. The Patriots relied on the
sincerity of their views, and the awful visitation of
nature that bad just occurred, they expected a. old
tend to convince their enemies of this. The% trusted
to the honour and faith of Spanish Representatives;
they dibarmed and delivered themselves up, satisfied
that if they had not obtained all they were contend.
ing for, they had at least secured sufficient to make
item happy, and a ipe away the fool stain of slavery
with which they and their progeny had hitherto been

This day was vuhlithed,
In Two large Volumes 12m0., price ils.
WOMAN; or, Minor Motims ; a Skr:feii..;-•
The Literary Gazette of the 19th of Septer:b tot, 1915.
*peaks highly of this work, and says, is one part of a very loi:g
. critique, " The merits of this work justly entitle its fair author
zo molt with thos able and amiable benefactors of their sea,
and, through their sea. of ours, by whims the prrstot age has
beerier) haliptly distinguish-d."
Pinned for A. K. Newman and Cu., Leadenhalt-street.
Where may I,e d,
BALANCE of COMFORT. By Mrs. Ross. New Edi.
Zion; 3 vols. 164.6 d.
MEMOIRS of an AMERICAN LADY. New Edition;
Sunk, 19s.
LIVE and MEMOIRS of BARON TRENCK. By T:
llolrrnft. N.w Edition ; 9 vols. 166, IA
CHILDREN of the ABBEY. By Mr-. acetic. Kw
Edition; 4 vuh,..9.4,.
BEGGAR 6111 L and her BENEFACTORS. By Mrs.
Fenger!. 'l'l,ird Edition; 5 vols. tis. 6d.

'IMPRESSED with s jolt and hoonine sense of the
calamitous results arising from the injudicious !rennet:en ut
se certain malady, contracted in a spanner ten well known tee
require comment, and often entailing on its unhappy victim to
series of distressing tend utmost iu.upportall'e afflictions, Dr.
) 4I) respee gully culls the attention of those hoe. ested, in
his peculiar and most effectual method of cure, unlike the ad-
verlisirg ravioli' of the day, or the equally criminal conduct
of th se " who bold the weird of promise to the ear and break
it to our have." Dr. Fatly will not presume to pledge infalli-
bility in evers derription of cure, but as far ns human aid, ass
fisted by medical and surgical skill CAM be applied, he promises
a certain. Speedy. and permanent restoration; having made
ever species of Syphilitic iffection, and its varie-us trait of dis-
esses, the priernry °Wets of h's professional studies, mid teing"
Catered by the transcendent success which has accompanied his
wade of treatment dorttg the course of a long and laborious
incentiee, he is mrstsird tee offer, with the fullest confidence, pre-
terii-a• at once t lie most hopeful and encouraging. lanutnerable
ie -tames eau he adduced il'ussratiye of the setperiortty of De.
Esdy'sssst.m. which hes been found to ;misted, even where
e.nlnent talent, •etained ley public institutions, has been In.
erotism:. In rrlctic ion to those consolatory advances, Dr. Esdy
w le 'ye bowel rqn.elly fortunate its reviving the pluinhering and
debilitate-et energies of the human oinstitution, which embitter,
mind if ono timely terteord, frequently render nunnery the very
principal of eximeitie. Flint% chi. desolating state of inanity
and sterility, by es...animating the frame and affording lone and
elasticity in the relaxed organs, Dr. Eady is happy to convey
the most cheering iind.pcnitive assurances that the sufferers of
booth sears nen) he rescued; a steads perseverance in the meson,
dictated being only required.—Dr. Eady is reensulted daily, at
46, King-street, coiner of Denwstreet. S Ito, by ;mimeos of
beetle sexes.—Comer) letters met., respectful attention by teturo
of second post.

blotted.
And what •as the result of this reconciliation,
thus entered into coder circumstances so imposing?

The most hardened will shudder at the recital.—
AR ranks and colours were imprisoned indiscri-
minately together, whirh the Spaniards did to show
their contempt of Liberty and Equality. Tte pic-
ture which Miranda, who was himself confined in a
horrid dungeon, draws of the conduct of the ene-
mies of liberty, and the sufferings of the unfortunate
persons who thus surrendered t; emselses no tt:e faith
of a solemn engagement, is of the most afflicting
kind. There it no exaggeration in his representetious
of those receptacles of misery, into which the vic-
tims of had faith and inhumanity were crowded, and
which retiemided the black hole of Calcutta, from
the numbers crammed into them, and owing to the
state of the atmosphere, which, in 1.44 Gu'yre, allele
Miranda himself was confined, Humboldt says, if the
hottest in the world.
The following is an extract from General Miranda's
Memorial:—
" In esact compliance with the stipulations, the
towns were surrendered to the Spanish Chief, and the
People laid down their arms and submitted cheer-
fully to the new order of things, which they expected
woold produce peace and tranquillity. The most
timid acquired courage, and, on reading the Prods.
motion of the Commandant-General, Dun Domingo
d.' Monteverde, of the 3J of August, and the Pas-
toral Address of the Hight Rev. Archbishop of the
sth, they all hastened to the regeneration of the
country and a solid pacification, and nothing was
wanting on our part to the full and satisfactory exe-
cation of the pacification. With what pleasure did
I satisfy myself with having fulfilled, with decorum
and integrity, the duties of my situation, and of haw-
ing identified myself with the beneficent intentions oil
the General Corte+ of the Spanish nation, when
saw the Chief of the expedition consent to it, and
found his oboes ranee of the Treaty in the aug•ist will
of tit:a Legislative Body ! I thought to perceive at
a distance a lur..inous horizon, whose light would at
length reach us to re-establish peeve, and recipro-
cally unite the interests of .both hemispheres!
" I never thought I had discharged ins trust with sr
great satisfaction, as when, in the disAstrous circum-
stances l h^ye descihi-d, I ratified by my signature
Treaty so beneficial and analogous to the general
welfare, stipulated with great solemnity, and
sanctioned by all the tetpisites known to the laws of
nations—a Treaty mended to form an epoch in the
history of Venezuela—a 'rreaty which Great Britain
would see with equal pleasure, for the advantagei it
produced to her Ally—a. Treaty, in fine, which
opened to the European Spaniards a safe and perma-
nent asylum, let the struggle in which they were
gaged with France terminate as it might. Such were
my ideas, such my sentiments, and such the firm
basis of this pacification, which I proposed, nego-
ciated, and carried into due effect. •
" But w hat was my surprise and astonishment when
I saw, two days afterwards, that the Spanish Go-
vernment had peen established in Ceram's, and at
the very moment in which the inviolability of the
capitulation was proclaimed, that It was-proceeding
to a breach of it, by trampling on the right' of. and
conducting to prison various persohs;'"arrested in air
arbitrary manner, or for sinister and antral. purpoies.
'These first excesses, committed against the common
safety, acid contrary to the agreement enteted
into
agitated the passions of those who only" sought Girl
support to give them vent. Hence donusiciations were.
multiplied, and political opinions, formerly austaim ,
•but fovgntten in virtue of contract, were
a•berged as climes against the State; and, in short„
.by,stringieg offences together the lists of en almost
general proscription were opened, which reduced the
atriforiturtato inhabitants td mourning, grief, and de.
.solation, ,who, having escaped the ravages of the
earthquake, :had, with Ateeerosity and confidence,
delivered themselves up on the security and guarantee
so oftoo ratified,.
" To justify tine proceeding's, new couspiricies,

AROWLAND rind SON respei•lftAlr inforrit the
. Nelbr ilY.ireeturv• and Public at large. that in
'pirate K the high repute of their rs rated kIAI:ASSAR
!)IL, irsiditius versot.s 1.1tv.• undated it with a Coonterfeit,
composed of deletes ingredients injurious to the Hair; to
to avid such ptisiti•ot. it is neres,,at to ,a.tc
ROWLAND'S MA(;ASSAR t,ii...
Each bottle is on the outside I ,bet. in red ick, " A
Rowland and s• rt." with u'frentise tit,. Hair enclosed. This
Oil id the ORIGINAL ant GENUINE, pmeewed of salu-
•brions properties. warranted 10 litr..rri the greatest nourishment
10 tire HUMAN HAIR. Prevents the Bair being injured by
illness, charge M. cliguw, ;Judy, tram-Wag, acri,ucheateut, &c.
—len tires tb.e sci•rf, harshness, and dr',ness, renders it soft and
Alts,y. prevents its falling off or tursting.giey, creates a thick
grow 'h on the baldest; laces, makes (hell:lir strong ist curl.which
it keeps in damp weather. exerri.e,&c. ; imparts a pleasant per.
fame, mid ratlines Whiskers, Eye-brows, &c. The Prop
tors warrant its innorence, and to improve the Hair limo
ur airy t • the latest period of life.
The inestimable properties of this Oil have gained it the
Pwrotinge of their Ro.al Highnesses the Princess of W
Dottiest of York, the Doke of Sussex, hi. Imperial Majesty
the F mperor of Russia, by their especial autholity. Price
6d.-75.-11)s. 6.1.• and One Guinea each.
Aim, ROW LAND'S ESSENCE OF TYRE.,
By merels westing the Hair with this prep:omit:it, ,hr
Proprirt rs warrant to produce imairdiately a perfect ch:,:ice
in RED or GREY HAIR, WHISKEIti, El 1.-BROW!,,
to a beautiful glossy and permanent BROWN or BLACK,
imitating the ex:ict nattr colour. Washi.ig make. This Use
sort durable. Ladies str Gentlemen may e tle r flair with
vibe and secrecy. P. ire 4:.-7..6 I.—and JO-. tit.
9,1 d Wholesale, Retail, and for Exportation, by these&
Proprietor', A. ROW LAND and SON, corner ,if Kirby-
street, the first tornisi4 on the right in II ition.garden.
London ; and, by appitimmeia, by Mett!f*. 11111.41 Tied,
borne sheet; Mr. Smith. 117, Gatt:c, and Pearie,
Ridge, 35. Ovettno. 47. 'ruiner, 75, New Bond street.;
Ti evenot nod Co. ditto; Bay ley awl Blew, Cockmu sitrieol
8. Berry. 11, Johnston. 45, Greek.•treet, 9, h • ;
&wands Butler, 4, 14i;ke, 65. Cherwside. act Pat .4-
tire" Burger.,, 63, ; aid Barclay mid Sm... 93,
,Fleet-,sae krt.
411,* in pi event imposition. at k f.ritooltintl's Oil, or Row-
land's Dye, and the Signature in ed ink on the bible
of
Bottle. A. ROW LAN D and ON. •

UNCOMMON GOOD TRAVELLING, from
the SARACEN'S HEAD INN, SNOW-HILL,
To YORK, LEEDS, EDIN HURGH, and NIL Paris of tkc
NORTH.
. .
Four Inside Coaches, the Hest Horses, nod keep excellent
Time,
By B. W. MOUNTAIN and G.
SARACEN'S HEAD INN. SNOW•HILL, LONDON.

It. CLAY'S otieinal WAGGONS And COACHES, to New
hot y, Swindon, Alin) nat., Wootton-Basset, Limitation, !•lusiger•
ford. Chilean. Reading, awl all place. adjacent, Daily,.
The following Past Coaches,. Mail Coacher, &c. set out
from the Saracen's Heat, bin, Snow-hill :
The UM PI li ', a slew Liverpool Light Coach, only one night
an the road, carries Four Insides and Four Outsides; sets nut
every day at Our arrives at Liverpool next Afteruoini
at Six o'Clock. through Daerstale, \Vauban', Lathtsury.
Narthamplost. Welhard, Latterwarth, Hinckley, Atheraone,
Litcharld, Stone, Rugely, Newcastle, Kutitsford, Warring-
ton. and Preteia.
bOUTH AMPT(IN, Lttaingtoo, Wincherer, and Basing-
;hike NAV Fonr.orside Gown, at h,IIC-past Se•en n'Clock in
the Mooting, argives at the Dalphia lasi, Southampton, by
Five o'Clork.--Tbis is a mito-t delightful conveyance to the Isle
of tight, Jersey, Giterusey, St. Maloes, Havre de Grace,
Cherbarrbilic.
SHREWSBURY. Wellington, and Shidital, Post Coach,
every Evenings -id Five o't lock, guarded.
W E MOUTH, Dorehesier,_filancifard. Sal istairv. Andover,
and Basingstoke new post Coach. every After, . The
Weymouth Packets to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, St. Ma
for-, &c.
F:TFR, Plymouth, Weymnath, Dorchester. Falmouth
Dartmouth, and Salisbury, New Post Coach, every Mann:.
at Seven o'Clock, tlirougn Minot, ti. Axminster, Ilridport.
Blandford, Basingstoke' and Bat-hot.
BATH and BILISTOL Flying Past Caaches,through Chip
'penliain, Caine. and Marlborough, every Afternoon; ,rriveai
Mr. May's, the Greyhound too, Bath, and toe Loudon Tavern,
Thomas-street, and the Swot, Bristol, nest M
Canches to Wells, Bridgewater Taunton, Exeter, Plymouth,
&co
BOSTO*, Spalding, Peterborough. Stilton, and Bunting.
inn Royal Mail Coach, sets Out every Eveniug to Spibby,
Louth. fwins:by. and Hull.
LEEDS New tight Coach, called The Rockingham, set:
Alt every M.orsaings caries Four tusittes only, and goes re-
markabiy easy. with ih Guard througlmut. Passe. through
Stamford. 'Newark, Retfoo6. Doneaster, and Ferry bridge, to
the Galdei. Lion, Leeds Pest Morainic.— Nolw ithstandiag the
Uileoll3lll.X. expedition of this C.ricti, it 1, 411 'wed to be time
must agreeable andeompiete Public Convex awe on the Ninth
Road. !wing unequalteil in Ace ontlioliatii,i, by any other.
X END AL, Lancaster' Preston, Kirby- Lansdale, Bnotio,
Charley, Onaskirk. titat 61irs:anic Piat Candies, every Af.er-
noun, at Five &Clock. Guarded.
SUNDERLAND, Stockton, andYarm, New Coach, every
u, the George Inn, Sunderland.
MA N CREST ER, Winslow, Omelet's's, Newcastle, Walsal.
sad Wolwerhompton, Past Coach. every Afternoon, guarded.
SHEFFIELD and Resales ham Post Coach, caned the
ROCKINGHAM, • hlorniug.
HIRMIN GUAM Post coach, wi:h a Guard. sets nut every
Afterfiroon, raid reaches Birmingham 'seat day at Noon. -Passes
by Oxford, Easton, and Sfiipstooe, to the Saracen's Head,
BuU-street, Birmiaglsam.
HULL. Northcave, Rowdev. Thorn, and Doncaster, Post
Coach, every Morning ar hulflarst Six n'Clock, to the Cross
Kest. Market-place, Hull.
GLAStiOW, Longtown, Gretna-Green, Anon, Dulafries,
Brownhill, IL,,rrthill. Sanquhar-Kiln' Cammack, .Kit gswell,
and all parts of Scotland, a Post C -ach (Duilyl.
, YORK, Scarbormigh, Whitby. Shields. Sunderland, New-
castle. and Edinburgh, new Four Inside Coach, with a Guard
throughout sets out every Moroihg Eight eCtick, by way
of Newark, Regard, Tadeaster, Darliapton, Northallertos..
Durham, Misraeth. and Berwick.— Pas-edgers &ding them,
selves 'fatigued from the leneth of the tourney, may rest what
time they please, and then proceed on without any additional
fare.
M ARLBOROUGH. Swindon, Bantsbary, -firtagerford, and
Newlstra Proct Coach, at Seven o'Clock in the bloruir,g.
BRIDGENORTH and Walsiti new Post Couch, even
Evening. •
R. W. MOUNTAIN and Co. respectfully acquaint their
Friends and the Public. that they win not he aecountable for
any Parcels, Paasentral; Luggaite,Writiags, Plate, the. of more
than Five-Pounds Valor if lost. stolen, or damaged. unless en-
tered as rush, 4E4 the eras's-ince paid •for-wecordiagiy, at the
SaiatleP Head Lau Suowobill Loadiah.

THE. long-established reputation of Melt's.
CURRIE nod Co., comb;neel with their well-kitosvic
experience and success in the treatment and cure of a leas
mien
ing complaints. entitles them is superior and ie derided
preference over all other practitioners. Messrs. Currie atiJ Co. ins
regular Surgeons, and Members of the Royal Collee,e, Lon-
don and Ediohurgb, plesent to the Public the remit 4 f thirty
years succes,ful practice io the Met-c•poli-. w .ere their treat '
atilt and cure of Venereal Ceuipl.ctots. ;Vernon- Debility.
Vascular Relaxation, and Awn% of the Orgn.t.. Silletared at
the Urethra, &c. &e. has pros• d tcrifoctok itiomphAnt. In,
Slitht and recent cases of inliciton a perfect Cate is eoniplet •
ed in the short period of two d....: ac.tl .n ih. se casts of re throe
complicated flatcar.. where other Prattiti.nen e tc'
success, n prayer perseverance in their plan of treatment in-
sures to the Pretreat a mead nil reefed te-esta%ll-boseul- In
Nrry .us Debility. whether pr dueNt .e convivial messes, by
tne immoderate e, joy- eat ar.ensual pleasure% by sedentary
and over habits. tsr by any other cam., the Medicine'
they prescribe- 1.01 produce ins ecitipcst efleces' to improving
e‘eiy faculty Moth of hods al rood. Sev-rlNobleitien And
Gentlemen of the Brit respecteility. nave • ma under the care
of Mews, Currie ;cad Co. for the ,nenasat at caraphogs tro-
Urettira, Strictute-, &c. and lca • in; recei•.ed radical and
petionnent cure, request that tere..ei.re may be o.ode to them,
as satisfactory es idences of the de: •s•ve ‘uperiorit% of Messrs.
Currie and Co.'s plan of treatment : c.ccny c,f these G •nilemen
Mace bad Pinnies Ir m r-n us twenty and had been a,
der the care of Messrs. Home, d send other Sown: s
of equal eminence, w to alit optel he rear h% Vie .pnlieotion
of the I.uoar Cassie' with. ut cut ems. Me-srs. Curt ie a d Co.
may be e• insulted by en! er sew, with air pent' st delicacy, '
secrecy, ac.d honour, their house, Ni. 107, thetton-rieden.—
Priliepts in the country lire reguest,cl to state the parte-
Milan Case, age, and general h shit of livin.t. &c. en-
closing lll•ssittame for novice and medic tots, whew the same
-aria bolls, o ni sent to *brit part of oat kinedam. To insure
that secrecy so es-entiol to our underbilei: g, the postag
of
le n re. may tie aided to she arcuate* for IllbteClUal Dab,'
tam-garde*.

MEDICAL BOARD, Greet Cherlotte.Pfroot,
Ri.tekfriars*.rand, mai Woodstock 'freer, adjoining
Nevi Bond-streel.—Sin e the Me I R -iird ibis been ept:ohligi/.
ed at Ch .rlotte•home. G eat (11,4 ,sir.: t. apposite tie
Rev. Raffling' H Chapel. and Wo•ie.tochvi.:reet. adjoiumg
Nev. Hoi•e—ireel. upward,. of Thirty Thou...to Patient.. of
both belies have beeu test red to tunny of ghoul
bad lingered foe %ears tinder the m .st painful vitt obstinate d•s•
rates, Isere proneinated Moveable by relieeta4le pr sentianms.
Sad several discharged flout tl•iiiii.ll..—Suot la taw effect re-
totting from combined Otitis! !—'licters. GOO PF R nr.d
of !•leilirtil and Surgical reit:any. after fort. %elite 'yrs ira:ce
to this Nlerropolb. are e..nstolted daily at bails boogie- 110 all
gave' of Syphilis, &c. often improperly treated). until lilae at
eight; tied the pour have Avis. e (grltiO an Tuesday, Thursday,
and Sunday mornings, than Twelve o'Clock. s2' Patient,
at a disimre. de,criiiti.g t eirca e. immediately attended 5.
.
All letters to be elirectei! to Chart .tie.honse, Bluetit jar); road,
dal awe are ataweted whicb do not contain a egomaniac fee.

..-M

-

r) 4. 1
i
11"
•
`.l
