THE STATESMAN.

the patient leave behind the germ 4 a fresh disease
more cruel than the first. Yet that would be the ine-
vitable resu.'t of a combination of true Royalists with
14ose men who, otter the restoration of France, might
sta, enterfnin the desire of creasing their erroneous
opinions to prevail, and who would therchN expose
us to relapse into the disorders front which we,a e
scarcely emerged.

that exists has the feeling of outraged right when he
reflects o❑ his condition. The language of Nature
is ill eloquent on this subject :
If I am 41 no ni';l yen lordlines rl .ve,
1.4 Nature's law de3igned.
lty wa% an independent it- :-!t
E'er planted in to mind ?

" I know that men are only accountable to God
for the opinions which they possess at the bottom of
their souls, and I do not presume to usurp his ri4ht :
but they are accountable to the Sovereign authosity
for all manifestation of opinion. henry IV. for-
gave the head of the League, but he exterminated the
League itself, and its Chiefs (the Doke de Nlayetute
the foremost) became zealous Royalists. Charles iI.
made use of Munch, but Nlotielt restored him his
Crown such as his father had enjvcd it tfure the
long Parliament. lit these times, all who are true
Roya!ists, whether they have always been sn, or,
that they have sincerely abjured their errors, are
worthy of co-operating in the restoration of 110-
moray, because they alone will labour with good
faith to re-establish it on solid foundations; those
who have hitherto persisted in tlivir errors may yet
repent. but the great work once accomplished the
limo of indulgence is no more."

If not—why am I subjuct to
His cruelty and scorn ?
And why has man the a ;II awl ionwcr
To make his fenow ammo ?

TI c people of Fratrce now see the &cep:ions that
Dave been practised upon then, ; and the alTroaches
of that hideous tyranny vrh!ch is unable to cot:real
the deformity of 114 features and the violence of it;
nature. The agitation of the public mind is reneued
to a degree even hevood %%hat it has hitherto been.—
The Legislative Chambers, oho were so auxiously
looked to ai the means of restoring tranquillity, have
only added to the general irritation, and heightened
the horror of Bourbon Governments. The private
adviCes from France speak of the perturbed state of
that country in terms so despondent that we might
be thought too much disposed to indulge in such
gloomy prospects, were we to give publicity to all
the sentiments and details thus communicated; hut
we are hound to say that a speedy explosion is now
the general expectation in Paris. The greatest alarm
prevails at the Palace, and preparations for depar-

To this letter the author ad's--" I am certain that
this miserable charter was always in opposition with
the King's principles; it rou'd never be his work.
All the evils of which this Charter has been the
cause, should therefore fall on his rash and perfidious
advisers, who, abusing the confidence of so just and
enlightened a Prince, have presented him with this
disastrous invention as a means of arriving at the re•
storation of France."

lute are even raid to be making in case of emergency.

here follows a long Declaration of the King, dated
in 1795, the lit year of his reign. TA% Declaration
is entirely in the spirit of the letter we have fast
given. To this document is subjoined, by the author
of the pamphlet, the following observation on the
present House of Deputies :—" Who cou!d in so re-
spectable an Assembly be rash enough to propose
maintaining the Charter ? The wisdom of its Mem-
hers denote that it is in perfect harmony with the
Kitig, with justice, and with reason ; and that they
will propose to his Majesty, of whom, indeed, they
form only the Council, the reestablishment of our
antique Constitution, and thus put an end to the ca.
lamities of our wretched country."

at. 21.
The foregoing is the substance of a pamphlet,
which, together with " A word to !he tgo Chow-
bcrs," has made a great sensation here. In the first
ramphlet, the author boldly tells the King that he
should employ the 46 Crusade of Kings," which has
restored him to France, and the " 600,000 bayonets"
nt their command, to subvert tho Constitutional
Charter, the two Chambers, and all power which
puts itself in opposition to the absolatc szzay of the
King. The So►ereigns are considered as having
united for the purpose of enforcing the principle of
legitimacy nod divine right, and they are desired to
beware of how they allow different principles and
liberal ideas to prevail. Both pamphlets have been
called in.

by a dariisg example ; and more especially as they
might expect to be joined by the Protestants whom
ANctoutsmes Catholics are seeking to exterminate.
The DAP of Best RI is gone t 0.1.3 Vendee to rouse
and lead forth the White Jacobins there. At Or-

The letter of the King, inserted in the above, is
perfectly authentic.

Nal le,
f.iAhon
Got tee: hutch
I lanitturg4

Dee

GeoiGi 111. Actc.sios.—lbilitiny it the Public Ogiem

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1815.

The secoonts front France ere more gloomy than
e‘rr, and it ii more than ever impossible to speculate

with accuracy on the result of the present agitated
state of that country. If we look at the intentions
of the Powers who are coercing France, and the
system which the restored Government is endeavour-
ing to establish under their sanction, and with their
aid, we can have no doubt of the future prospects of
that unhappy country; all the efforts of the most
iron hearted despotism that ever marshalled its hordes
for the extermination of human liberty, and sought to
establish the reign of bigotry and intolerance on the
ruin of human right,are now exerted to rivet the chains
of slavery on the French nation, that nation vs hich has
so long and so honourably given an example of op-
position to the will of the enemies of freedom, who,
raised to power by popular strength ana law,
blasphemously ossert that they have rights from
God to oppress his people, and disregard all laws,
human and divine—but though these Powers are at
present triumphant by the very means they despise,
and liberty is low in the dust, clanking the fetter of
abhorrence, or seeking a milder fate in foreign lands,
we yet may be permitted to doubt, whether a nation
like France can so suddenly be bent and reconciled
to the gsllitig yoke, and in the gloom of hopeless
apathy and degradation, resign all the invigorating
prospects she has so fondly cherished, and forget that
she once was free. If France is already sunk in
this depth of despondency, ber people have very
much altered their nature since last March. If those
millions who have so long the " tyrants of their 1
fields withstood," and acknowledged no sovereignty
but what emanated from the people—if they can mei.
come back their oppressors, and take the will of the
Prince for the law of the nation—France is, indeed,
fallen—liberty is extinct, and II

We knots not where% that Prometheno heal,
1.:1;l: ii flnme relumitte.

But the:e are de.ii Pi aril recollections that expire
but with the last•tAiugqles of nature. To know our
riOtts is to pieerve them, and this knowledge once
imbibed can peter be effaced. Whoeter can feel,
can reason on this subject; and the veriest slave

.~, .- >
,"'
-- L

~...

Mow

Conusrx s, Ocr. 19.—The following Proclama-
tion has been addressed to his Majesty by the Bishop
of °most., in favour of the thlicers implicated :n
Poi tier's insurrection :--
" The Bishop of Orense would fear to abuse (he
Royal piety of your Majesty, if it were not s ch
that rising above all the malty virtues which adorn
your Alaj-sty, it (Item:rages him to hope every
thing from y our Majoily's paternal and most benign
heart. The Bishop knows •that the crime which has
already cost the life of the principal author and
his companions in hig infamous project, does nut
admit any apology, and even excludes every petition
on the part of men. For that reason lie presents
himself to your Majesty's Royal piety, in the cha.
ranter of Mii.i,ter of n erudite(' Cod, who suppli.
cited to the Eternal rather for those very persons
who ramified him. This disine clemency of• Jesus
Christ, cur "'dog and our Redeemer., it is that he
presents to your Majesty to temper your just intrg-
nation, and to obtain their life and a commutation
(of punishment) in favour of the Brigadier Don
'Limon Roomy, and all the accomplices of Ibis so
criminal cause.

r' In respect of this unhappy Oilicer fur wfinm
this letter has been reqnested of me, by one who
serves your Majesty svph honour and fidelity, what
is expressed it: it, and his intentions may lesson his
crime ; and as for the others, ignorance, ideas of
glory ill tincleistood, the precipitation and ardour of
youth dateled by false light, and erroneous wind!
plea, that they were not only gone astray ; justice
may without any injury he tempered, and mercy
made to shine in full splendour, and in imitation of
the King of Kings manifest more and more •that
your Majesty is a just King awl full of clemency.

r..,,,,_,. ........
.., ~.........
• „,.;,. ..-r• -, l -,,t. ... ;A - '
_. A •-• '
.1 'l'
•

.~.. _

NM&

"

" I must not detain the attention or your NI tie.; v.
The volcano seems to b. appeased. Gtiliris
Shown and proved its fidelity ; an etiempinry
nishinent has bron inflicted ; let hlooll) punishments
ihencense ; let your Nlaj,ity give 140 t., hittlalio
gave it for your 1114.5 t) ; a davWP CO cr,,ni 1),,y
that our trespasses mat be for;.v.ol as we forgive
those vs no trespasv again t u ► 144. re. der ourseires
wiiity of treason to he I) &in 11a.t.4;11, by disobey.
jug it, and not neg!ere,ing to do .tru. to our enetniei.
I •• Mly the Lord guard the ro on of your Nia.
?F t y for many 'ears, for ihe good of the CLutt:,
no:1 of the

4‘ pEDIZO, Bishop of OrPow.
" the Itn),o1 Piety of yntir liaje.ty.”
A long Proclainaticn has also ben presented in
the name of the G.iefr and °dicers of the 4th
sims of Provincisl Grenadiers, and of the Inraitiry at
Monterrey. They state-•--
66 'chat from the time of Porlier's unhappy And
criminal attempt, their heart • have been filled with
desire to redress the inju s den , hi. M•;
and,
at the same time, with con-ide ion of the unit ilipy
end of those *he, to their misfortune, have been the
instruments of II at plan.
" 'chit confiding in their te-ed fidelity to hi, M 2.
jesfy they venture to appeal •0 11l mercy in fari,ur 0(
those unfortunate men, whose guilt they readily ac.
knowledge.

" That his Maje3ty has always acknoseer!,,,,,, the

The Duke of Astriotmcare's journey to the South is sersices of the army daring his captivity, and that,
e
now known to be in consequence of the insurrections nerhllns among the armies f his Maje.ty th.se it:„y
in that quarter, w here the Army of the Loire has vela- considred as I avicg the greates• cia•m to his Mi.
bushed itself, refusing. to disband. At Hour. jesty's munificence, who now groat in prison on ac.
Beaux, information has been received, that a part of i count of the attem; t of Pottier.
the old Imperial guard have carried off their erms and ! .4 That the Petitioners Lave been, as ancient cum.
rades, witnesses of their valour and their suffelilwr
baggage, and Gen. Lov Error) has published an Order
who for his Majesty's glory ; and if this Petiioa
not move his Majestys heart, he would lose the
of the Day upon the subject. Gen. CLA usu.,
lately commanded there, and who was sent by BONA.
flower oT his subaltern akar-, and with them the
PARTE tO PEpPi the Duchess of Amcor/Le:4e, is sought
for with the greatest ear:iestness by the Police, and experience of mei' who ecknowiedge their Wirt and
one of his Aids.de-Camp has been arrested at Pa-
So errors, and whose gratitLde may one day make them
tis. The South though a model of fidelity.
that part of France where the •
11c/unarms have hitherto had the greatest number of "What their death would be no a!'di-ion to the
disgrace they hare already suffered, being led about
adherents, twill the farthest from the Allies, it wns
St. Jag° as the worst of criminals, thrown into dun.
to be expecte4 that the refractory parts of the armies goons, 1:(1 treated in the same manner at Crewing,
would make their first show of resistance there, if
thus sLffering dishonour, worse to a soldier rhas
there was a scheme for giving a spread to disaffection• death.

" That nothing is loss earthy of a King shin ro.
vengo, end nothit,g mole ore yof him than clemency.
They, therefore, beg him so lardon these pe I.li- in
consideration of their former services and sullerivzs
in his Nlajessy's cause.
" co:sosa, Oct. I:1."

(The Signatures.)

leans numbers have been arrested, as aell as in the
capital, where the new laws against seditious
'sties and speeches are already begun to be 1 , •
rIIE COURT, &c. —Yesterday, at three o'clock, acted upon—before they Pre passed ! These w ese lairs
their Imperial Highnesses the Amiss! .kes Joffe mud
have been declared by one of the Committees of I.twis, attended by their suite, arrived it the It E.
the Deputies unconstitutional, and the Cham- cusT's cattiages from Stratford-place, at Csrltott.
her of Peers is already [sherd in opposition to the house. Th. 7 were admitted to a closet aasleece,
other branches of the Government. In short, the and were most graciously received.
Chambers and the Ministry, and all France are re. Extract of a letter from Port Louis, Msuritios.
My no :-64 This Island is now in al the hustle ,:fpresented as in a state of total disorganization and Ma)'
distraction. Some accounts say that the Prussians warlike preparation, Lord MOIRA his applied fora
8 rong military re-iJorcement from this gallium. is
are returned—others that they are on rapid marches conseq twee of the protracted vs artare with the \e-
out of France, and that the British are expected to Paul Mountaineers and the apprehended revolt of
take an early departure. The King's Guards hare some of the native powers of Ilindoostati. The Sitb,
again been attacked with Increased vio!ence. The e ith the bilk companies of the I2th and 42.1, are
under orders for momentary embarkati•et. Colonel
hopes of peace seem to have entirely ravished fur i•
s.s: \ TING is appointed to the command as Brigadier.
the present. Gestetal, and Major FLeeeit will Lea I the fla..kers.
A Corunna Mail arrived this forenoon ; and we i yerltaps a finer body of men never took the fie'd.—
have, through other channels, some further advice, i They
I are expected to sail in the coarse of a few days,
of interest from Spain. We much doubt whether Bj letters from Madrid to the Bth, received through
,
France, we learn the following particulars rehoin4l•
ExnureaND% stew system will be better than the old a
• isain : —ILA LLASTEROS, late War Mllli•iter, his heel
—there is no hope of such fellows as add hypocrisy carried to the Alhambra of Granada, under ail estett
to the worst of qualities. The following articles are of.Bo
Idragoons. OSTULARA has been confined to I h
I
from the Corunna Mail:— Tanion Convent, ht the solitudes of S;..rra Morena:

I a Father Cisrito, of Alalava de la Nanc!i.a, t
the seclu,leil piles of Guadilup.v. In (iaVick th.!
Revolution still continues : -1000 have assetahhil in
Trey, cry it g out for the Coot ti! alien, in roltillt"'
tiJii to the enterprize of l'orthtta. They are rem.
mantled by a Naval Oilicer of known bravery. Ts.
expresses kit Merit id, one after the Other, with or.
ders an/ counter-coders recpecing the fele-of Poe-
LIEU. The fi at w!s the bever of 01.411 petro tot
that as soon as the Council a War was elated anal.
ever tsar 11;0 Se I t,lice, it shoold be immeriiv.ly ft".
cuted without its I)'intT pprriv«l by his AlAjestv; ah,r'a
is equivalent to a death-air-rant signed by hit 059
hand. The second st,itrd, th • his should
be consulted, but this art red tn•v late. This Mot
have arke t out of ltd perrisy. evil d i•it 1, or fear. •,%.
Con rier has left Paris for Mailri.l, rid, it te,,ro'e•
Ito he;:rs an ioterc7ssicn from the Aries in 1.:%,.ur r
rc ft LI I: fi.
We have also rec iced let tars from 131yonne 01111
12:Ii• Several prsons had arrived there (ram C'''
ru non, as it wore, ecca piug mirsrnloucly, Parry%
(hut twenty of Pi:tuna's anc•rs have been th•
dered to be ,hot. Thy Spanish army nit the Stench
frontiers, is in the erestest distress anti free
The officer; are starving with honer, living all "Iv
two rations of bactillan (salt eethi,h). All
d. pinto the unfortunate issue of roattEtt's sin ialit•

Mr. KNAPP, the Barrister, basing Fnisttegl a c3s'l
at the London Sessions on Mmiday, had only sit
down for a few minutes, wlien he fell back into flio
arms of Mr. ArtA at N, apparNitly in a fit of ap-pPII.
' Mr. ARAMs And assistan.s consered him out "r ""rt.
lie svo.; carried home, and we regret to hear died
)estetday morning about half-past two o'clock.
CORN I:Acuminate, OCT. 25.—W.- had but Wile
Wheat fresh up this mor,tit,g, hic4
Monday's pricey, but s not so nuisk as that dti •
--The supply of Oats bring short, fin, fresh 43111:'''
sold readily at so advance of one slitting per qu'"
tor.—ln Peas, Beans) and other articies therei 1,0
alteration.

• Ai.•,.••••

_

~:~=

... -,
