SATURDAY. Frs. 20.

Before she Poll Aped. and She bombers were declared, she
crowd. wislrh exceftive, gave proofs .1 impatience mod
huatiity he she friends of the tiro chief parties. which
faith formula sun,edtiont of she COtif 01 which piramiird Co.
weds.' eh afsrr du• exhibition of she Pull bawds. The atm-
hers were ua suliou
1139
Cars o right
lamb

Mr. Holtboose then ad•rinced, bit, was obliged to retire an
nr 1,55.1 of the temped of sioi•e abuts raged. He advanced a
second time, hod ass again compelled o retreats and sr
again for the And time. Mr. lamb thew made am attempt to
address the Meeting. but the souse was then swelled into boot.
tug. and execration. too pa. eiful for hi, pretensions, and he
also withdrew. Mr. flor home tried hi. fortes, once more, bat
to tubs. Mr. hunt then attempted to speak, but die yells were
too ma+ for him, and he give ground.
Mr. Ilessouse. fuer a considerable lime of waiting, ad-
ann. lag, mod retiring. at length gained a partial bearing.—Et-
ivairdinary exertion. had posed his opposers( the fittl place Oil
that day's poll & it was ant so be wondered al. Mere had I—, a
anailwr btemlfaid gives. The beadles and watchmen of
datnes's had been marched up ander the cansmand ief • beket
be•try ; in Shan be could relate to 'lrma variety of caber Misr
fire, Which had been toed nn the eccasloa. but they karat encash
to tunic Itte thillu: perfectly intelligible. lie saw by the Paper.
of Yesterday Itwt tiw W.hig decLr.d his apiaLun that dirge oils
no Maras ista breakfast, that it was, at least, a mate solid •ativ•
fact too than ballasting a band with coition. Mr. llobbaere
kuoys ledg..l OM.. and oh cram,. that a diaper win mill more
mind duon a breakfast, lbw pounds we:. muse solid than a dia-
-1 nee, and as they came by due course of reuniting to the worst
practice. of the flornagh "~stem, which was the mast solid of
1111.—( I.mad applause.)—lle wit. conadeot, however. that these
sticks tsauld fail. now that the Electors of Ittestwelamer were
consisted of the 'reason why Mr Lamb war brought forward;
he was sore they world reject the IA big., •114 for his own s,•lte,
bat ea acclaim of the priucipin of his party. The Whig tip.
Iponces had charged him It ilk attempliwg to istimitlce the
.leelnes of Weslintiatlec in hi, address ist them of yesterday.—
Tbat was not in hi. poster in do. and, therefore. it was not
probable that bedwald experts if. He knew, ilefotTeir that
the Whim bad done thi• rimone their other tricks; he mild
a•shre them that 'nutmeat% had beep threisteard, and all the old
and pernicious of fanner Needs* had beim revived
in f or the Whig Candidate. They world WWI be ma-
( •inced what kind of a friend to the People Mr. lamb was.—
Mr. Lamb professed in appeal in the tradesmen for hit support
on this occaoaa. A•k Mr. lamb if he was not brought for.
ward by the Aristoetary, trite till, not supported by the indi-
viduals of his party to prop their falling lard despicable for.
tuffs? Was it not notorious that be war offered to the People
ar Warminaser became the great families of hoth parlors had
cease le. a neystbstion nu longer to miller the traideltwea llf
Wesoniaster to rhoove their own Iteptewntatiee. The fakir
were to the habit of (labile a large body of men who rampaged
his (Mr. It's) Committee, by a very it tiny tit e, via. the
Rump: Mit was not a very genteel way of express's( themsetwes
towards three or four hundred of the most rest ee.able Sr the
City of WestatiaMer but it •as toot seep? ising, as It cause fiom
the Whir.. lie w writ:La...are them. dui: a per.on of that party,
who had been ean•n•sitig for Mr. Lamb. raid, •` I have been
shaking hands wi h the blackguard• fur you." It wa, in per
feet agreenseva with the behaviour of the Whigst thee were
always endeasoaring to create tiir:istrliom between the ro
palace said the gentry haul a MI of humiliating phrases,
which they weir always ia dii. any. 'they always Heated
the pleas of the People with Wants,. y, calling the.,. wild and
•isiotiary. Send a‘s big into l'ailiWnre • aid alt be soy
observe tease measure of decent admittance his Cotelosmi.• be
w ill. on all miter occasions, prreerye the contemptuous Marcum...
sad beltatiunt Oath has mat bed the Wh'ls far Ike

40 rem. This wise the fe11..4111 why they wrre redeem' a tW
ble. contemptible mediiieg es which we aow •iW them—
e'( Mr. IL) oveidderml Insert as .if so tinportaner so the
gorging: Mr. Louse might tw meets Our oerionslty for -her
arpreerecetive has hie urlf: bat it he weer ten illinit.sad times
more vistaed, his being a earliness world remde. hum 'more-
per for their liefertelitafew.., The also, Veg. a had been
adored to gn . bee 'terser. were . egracel.4. 4.. Lomb
might hosts tbros—lf be did, pruhatry Sct would a. rear them
ee•ry thing iniednee that meld tw dose. either by istemidatitna
er alleremeut Mebletern cas.awed. with their stewards—
eters were ege.oyed to the Poll i cars -liserywersants
were Aso, la deliverlag letters- I Idles erns ate.... enraging.
Is equipages. with consorts oa toree—und •er!. artifeet. is
short. weer tiled se would me fail to t "(far Ike very best
tang'. Ties ens Itle any is wbilkllr.ar v digs acted • leo had
niekaamed the...elves i e astinal r% of lee Peopt...—
Iteniewallredrre! Natural leaders required P1111111.11,11.0pr4. and
he waggish'. certain for Neu:Asa Westminster •cre too granted
to Wirt shreorkee its be folk 1.. .he dirty 'nil ..1 the
.3% MKS.—
lie oar (menden' that Ibis prevent to:11,1 Would end 0, the en-
tire defeat of the Vetios,aed In the one. '.natation of the dee-
pieable c elides which was oppowel to germ.
The applsver hich followed thee sprees was eg.veried lain
tangliseme disapprobasing. gibes Mr. Lamle stood laniard
again se geldgeto dam. lie proasenced a semenee .r two se
dumb Moo mid Mind.
Ms. Ilan' preeented himself. And was 'relived lay the must
vintrot Flonn irf esrerntines wr ever w inwerd. We
hate go Tenn for describing Ihr wen, whirl. took 111111ee between
his retrace: sod the yell., which brute sad drug ued these. Ile
"poke. and retired amidst indent: cosfatimi.
Sir FRANCIS BURNETT then presented himself no
the platform, amid load . tat of " Burdett." " Bur.
deft!" Ile commenced his speech by ohses sing,
that they had not now so lesiva, that noluithstande
log the hissing from the hustings, which he was sorry
to perceive coming from that quarter, that a very
few persons in a large 'sweatily may succeed in
creation confusion, and preventing those hem hear-
log who may wish to heir (applause). lie had only
to lament anise more, (sod if he hod soy hiliseoce„
totentrzat that it might occur on any flatiron. essioc,)
that 'Ley had tent given a patient besting to every
person who lied wi..nd to address them. It was an
old Erglish maim, and a good one, " Adelr stsge,
and no fsvoor." Let there be era f ;hot let emery
men make his way in the best way he is able. —(
plamse.)-11, shield be very abort in his satires, to
them that day, because he did not think it fair
that all the speaking soneld be on the Mae side.—
(Applarse ) hot still he could not help congratu-
lating them, at teeing hos weakly and languidly
the poll had been kept op by their enemies, no•witb-
standing ever) moons ash ch corruntion astirl turret
could suggest had been In no respect spared.—(Apo
piastre )—Every stases of delusion had been resorted
Ito. Carriages with coronet. had been pressed Into
the service. and ladies of title and rank hs s con-
descended ou this lacteal-4i to make dopes an I idiots
of those who bad b dotted Shaw issoopeadmiee far
t..• being brought in a lee risen to the poll.
—( hears sand cries of " Shame !")—Me. Lamb had
told them that Owe was more raid satiafaction in
breakfast than io following a banner aroi a Wed of
music. Some might be found who thought in that
way, bet be had no hesitation in believing, ,tat the
greater pert of the Electors of Westminster were nit
so cootemptible as to be the dopes of these artifices,
mid were not In a attrition so unfortunate as ro be en-
able to exercise their free it'd independent
Wheers.)—lle was convlncesl that the Electors of
Westminster would not be intimidated by the threats of
power, or by the Lase wicks of Corruption, that they
wool.' not sell their independency for a meal of postage!
—(Cheers, and cri. s qf "Never!") Its following po•
polar banners, these was a satisfaction of the mind—
's sentiment which showed an attachment to freedom,
land an utter contempt for the wretched sieve, who
was obliged r oat his pudding and hold his tongue.—
(Applause and lau,;ltter.)—riot the misfortune on
this occasion was, sack was the system to witiet
slavery had been reduced. that the poor wretch can-
not est his pudding and hold his toupee, bet must
be cot:yell. d to do that at bich his heart abhors, and
most be brought op here ender pretence of carryleg
on a free election, when, in fact. In coming op be
committed a perjury in the face of his country.—
(Applowse.)—He considered that every man, who
came there to vote ender the indoence of core
rotating, and of terror, and who did riot act according
to the honest bias of his owe opinion, was compelled
to commit treason in the fare of his country, and
perjury in the face of his God.— (Cheers )—lle had
no
doubt the bulk of the Electors of Westminster
would not permit sorb • stigma to be case upon their
'elteracier.—(" Nevi r !")—Ho then told them that a
most perientees mons. et. exhibited itself before thew
es the present eseessino—an +Mond composed of the
most discordant patio, actuated by n principle. It
was not merely a L. tier and a Whig Cendidate, hot
It hogged 10 its bosom infarny of every de-cription ;
it entiateu all in its service noweser bate, and hailed
w'kb WeleeMe the filth and scam of the town.—
(Lowleppiesse.)—it was willir.,; t.. mak• n alli-.nce
with that which wagon ho“. ind contemptible, that all
honest moo on., ' diedain t.. mention if.—(Cheers,
and cries of " //ref !")—Tbev had seer he strong*
anomaly which *silted— they lad seen lb. attenlpts
which bad beet. wade to delude I -pm ; and be was
sure that they •oold salvo with him in thinking,
that such a coalition inlaid %web no e u • end,
d
2,1 it: g e
seated
gdao Datrilah shelfy
rn I.
et
Ih):l—snw e chri ensi ra.
:It ler an°l7ll::garemou tosoh( a:Lt Wooster. which
ndplolvera nhPi
m"1-)fvF:a
bead; it bail ton faces. black 1111 one side, nod wi.ite
on the other. Then, 4Lere 111%( 1-the. front to.
this sonmsloos in, • seer—i trout of brass, as' cm
the.uch venortions as the asp.— [here
Mr. Hunt stood forward, t the opposite end of the
Hoslings, in an . npealing posture, a. if wishing In
Ise We'd ; the merry sod groans were an loud, that
i• ass total, imontstal .]—" A front lira.. (coo.
'tossed the 15... n• ••) . h .. • t. due, cal.
t tough venomous is the asp, had no faculty to sting
any ti ing bet himself.— cheers. • Lw..n ono
0. the vibe. so,e, there was Whit
bead, whose tongue mi. fad of feltrhord anti!' C • r-
lion, fell of which ugue cunt I belie•g.—

‘Appientsc.)--This 'lmage &Wriest monster had also a
Ministetial heed, in whose &oaken eye cheek cruelty
and oppression, sod in whose mouth corrupting. and
itoonty."—(Lrrtrd cheers )—The lion. Baronet the.s,
expressed his sorrow, that he had to add another fee.
tore to this portentous mossier already so disgust.
lag. Theta was one more he:itl, however, called
false patriotism--it was, indeed, en empty head; sad
what was eery saarreilus•, it had a most striking re.
semblance to Alderman Wood, whom he had met
that meroles artively canyassitte for Mr. Lamb.—
hers was a onion of all interests, against the in.
dependence of Westminster. Bet he would tell them.,
and he would tell that portrait's monster itself,
setwithstending all its multiplicity 6f heeds, and all
ks variety of effotts, that there was a Hercules that
would lay thelsonster low and sprawling at his feet ;
this Hercules 'was common honesty.—(March ep.
idraree)— He trusted end hoped, that the spirit of
Westminster was roused. if it was reseed, sod If
the Electors would do their, duty on this ecomion,
they would inevitably succeed,' and would whirr, a
triumph greeter than any they bad hitherto achieved.
—(Arlskine.)-11, would take up ao mots of their
titre at that moment.—(Crks of " go on."s—Time
wan precious, because it was now the time for action,
sod not for words. Ile hoped that all Electors who
then stood before him would go home, mod meat every
influence they could, to seen the contemptible tricks
of a pony slid paltry Aristocracy, who Ind at that
crisis Milted themselves against the voice of the
People of Englead.—(Applawre.)—He tressed that
stone of them would be dopes enough to allow
the paltry artifices of the other side to gull them
out of their indepesdesece, and form them to eat
the bread of slaves.—(Cries of " No!" and cheers.)
—Those who had dotty so, no doubt, had scarcely swal-
lowed the contemptibly meal, when they bad bete
'exposed to the reproaches of their own minds, for
basin allowed an opportunity to slip of smokes
that first priocipl• of Englishmen—the liberty of a
free vele. (*please.) He then took his leave of
them, bet before be west, he implored them, whets
neat they met, to recollect that it was bet joist and
fair to give every man a fair hearing who wished to
othlren Islosself to then.. (Reiterated cheers )

. -
Sir Francis Burdett then wired, accompanied by
Zir. llobhense.

Mr. Wooten then came forward amidst loud up.
roar. lie said be came there to ascertain who was
the popular favcierite, and if he had not be.. able
to ascertain who was, upon looking to the state of
the poll, he certainly discerned who was not. (Ilisoct,
and louder*: of " Off, off !") If the electors did
net eiab to hear Lint. i.e would retire. (Cries" lVe
don't—le off Iliad gosr Black Dwarf sad your
new Sondes Piper.") Mr. Wool'r dually routed
without delivering any speech.
The business vies thin concluded, with the as.
ception of a determined attack upon Mr. lluot, who
remained on the hastier till 40 last, and who, epos
gutting into • hackney coach which waited fur hies,
was assailed with dreadful eateries. and only escaped
a tougher handling, by the quick driving of the
coachman, who left a crowd of assailants behind,
venting their displeasure in angry words. The car.
riage was, however, followed by marry to Mr. Hunt's
Louts in Norfolk.street, where a sett of opposition
shout of frievids and lose was kept up, until both
sides were fatigued, and mutually agreed open a
retreat.

In the mouse of Saturday morning, a party of
Mr. Lamb's friends, who were parading the streets
wit► a belill4W sod a baud of magic, met two parties
of Mr. Ilobboose's supporters who were engaged lag
s similar porsoit. A skirmish ensued between them,
which ended in the defeat of Mr. Lamb's partisans,
who not merely suffered the loss of their drum, bet
were also obliged to submit to the loss and destruc-
tion of their cylciers. The held of battle was in the
vicinity of Piccadilly.
