• , J.

IP

• ..
-'sgwefist'whott he may, o; with C•onfirlenee ,
asserted' to ha'e helped at
aisetistt tviseirensoilgoarteihteheraitirto::
and now we fold Government endeatoaring to tor,
through n 4 law fee his protection, and which eu
pressly takes its date,
from the day before the attack took place. We know'
not what the friends of the Sospensir.end i onosnify
Bills• may think of these farts; bet to all impor•
persona, they • must, we. think, appear- mooltroi, ill
the cutout,. In relation to the second part of 04,
statement, the Time: also justly observes, 4 4flo, dna
..the fact, that a certikcatt of loyalty was deemed of.
cessary, and obtained. by Oliver as a passport to
the confidence of Ministers, agree with the state"
amide in the Hesse of Commons, that, down to tho
mement of his being sent into the coantry ;tilt,
II Manna" Oliver was a bordiftde accomplice of tilt)
disaffected ? Did Oliver conceal the certificate of his
loyalty ? Did he reserve it as a protection in pie 4
future mischief ; and; intending to bb in posseanoit
of a stock of treason at his heart, afar that
to sale, and so had it .bonght'oltt of Met by Mi;
elvers, and his fortify then pet in reqinsition
for their see,vice in.,the functions of a spy ?it...
Take this noterlises,wyetch.fin any light yw co,
Lord SIDMOUTIIe,.III;d idi eery conscieetioil oe.,d.
jutors, will appearotoqbayw a most •oltetie aolociale
in him. , We hop. this eircutn•tatice wilitnoulsoop,
the notice of the Menibers of the Heeee'bt
this *evening. ...4 -..-• ,T-Nte- '
esewaiN4
A Mail front Flanders haa arrived' since Olt 4„,
the contents of which are unimportant. Three eaeo,
suspected of having been concerned in 'h. late at.
tempt upon the life of the Dike 'ef Weuttortoe
are stated to have been apprehended.
An article in the Ghent Piper of the 2d instant..
purporting to be a letter from the. Hague, contains t
Motored explanation of the motives *hid induced
the. Prince of OnANcE to rosin his post as Minister
of the War Department: The article amounts to
this—that had his Royal Highness continued Mi.
nister at War, his duty would have required him to
appear in the Second Chamber of the States-General,
whenever any law should be discussed which was at
alt connected with the besiness of the military M.
ministration. The dignity, -therefore, of the Heir
Apparent might be somewhat lowered by the neces.
thy for his answering questions, end mingling io the
dispnies of a popular Assembly.

Ktvo'g HeALIM.---tioturday her MAJF€TY held hot
Monthly Council st Windsor, to receive the Rorry
of the state of the KIN°. Th. Council assembled
tt Jll e'clock.• The QuEEN was attessrled in (7eivicil
by the Archbishops of CANTERBURY and Yon, 'he
Duke of MosToosi, ind Lord ARIAN. Ti.. (nl.
Inwirtg Reixprt was agreed upon to be Chown t. the
Public Pit St. Jamo.'s raisee yesterday, which was
exhibited by 1.-. rd ST. iletta's, Sir ARTHUR I.l:(Ass,
the Ktsioes Lord anti Groom in Waiting, the l'sges
in Waiting; &c.

Whither Castle, March 1.
44 IDS MAJESTY has passed the hot mnn'h in Brett
tranquillity, and continues to enjoy a good slate of
bodily health; but his MAJESTY'S disorder is ■n.
changed.

44 HENRY HALFORD, N. BAII,LIE.
" W. lIESKRDEN. HOB. WILLIS."

A letter from Genoa thus corrects the tormrr
statemetes relative to the late transactions et Al.
giers :—" It was not the son of the English Consul
that the Dee commanded to be arreeled, but a pitmen
of the name of BEN ZMEAN, son of a former Eitgl.sh
'Vice-Consul. This young man had not been imp,.
soned, but obliged to become a Mossulman, and dm
Dor has given hint an employment in his hairlike.—
, Lastly, it was not the daughter of the Sardinitio Vi a.
Consul who had been caroled off and shut op in the
Seraglio, but the daughter of a person named Pei-
sr mew, a Sardinian subject, who, after having bee*
for teenty years iu slavery at Algiers, now lives at
liberty and carries on a little trade. Teti yoga/
person is god.daoghter of M. DELeiNo, the Sardinia's
Vice-Consul, who has formerly been wend time(
in Africa.
Saturday night dispatches were sent off from the
Secretary of State's Office to the West ladies and
America.
It is generally believed that Government his de.
termined, in compliance with the Petitions from ut•
venal out-ports, to take off the duties on coals car•
tied coasteise, which have been long felt as so heavy
a burthen in this city, and to substitute an excise of
2s. per chaldrote on both inland and sea coal. It is
calculated that this alteration will produce an aut.
mentailets of the Revenue to the amount of 500,0001.
per annum.
Several Freeholders of Wiltshire, at the head of
whom is Mr. HALLETT, have written to Mr. FEL-
WAR CRAVEN, of Chilton-how., in that county, with
a request that he will become a Candidate for its re•
presentation at the nest Election. They conclude
their address as follows And, Sir, we require
only one pledge from you, whil that you, on no
account, suffer yourself to be tempted to sacrifici
yens( property in the pursuit, to the injury of year
family, the evil example of all good men, and the risk
of Those services which can• alone be performed by
persons who enter the House of Commons freed
from the dread of future expence." Mr. Quilts
has politely declined the offer, on the ground, " that
even the most independent man mug( he a cypher 11
floosi of Commons as at present constituted "
The Anti.Monnpoly Petition, signed by 14,001
perilous, is ir;tentled to tie presented to the House Of
Commons this day by Mr. LOCKHART.
A letter from Dublin, of the 3d instant, says-
" Sir CHARLES ORM,BY died suddenly on Monday
night. Mr, Demi GRADY, the Junior Counsel to
the Conimissioners,,will succeed him as first CUR la
sal ; 'Mr: rattle Fortes will have the latter it-
i'"i"tniPnt, *tomb, it is said, 30001. a.yeer. Sir C.
OixsaY heel Gately oue'day's Maws. its tempi'
was goat io tlbe riornsch."
i.
9

the etlsire. w ith emfideme . .
it least tw instigate the n !tick,
rnment trntivevonring to car,
I la)sr°lltPeerlie°ren' for the
es.rhorpos
attack took place. We know
the swspensilkand indemnity
eta facts; but In all impartial
it think, appear osoustroes is
inn .to the second part of Ail
,0 jolly observes, "liow doe,
tit' Of loyalty was deemed,
by Oliver as a passport is
ters, agree With the statement
Commons, that, down to the
sent into the malty "riot •
a boat fide accomplice of 14
• conceal the certificate of hit
it as a protection in pile'
intending to bb io possessio4
a at his bent, elfer fast
t .bOsight.tost of hilt by Mia
,r thus pet in requisition
Ile functions of a spy ?"
retck.lo any tilibt rye will,
kis eery conscieatioes we.td. •
sow a most ,altside sasociste
ritifrows.taime netanape
tra of the Heite'bf emihmets
•
's his arrived' since Olt
re unimportant. Tbs., saes,
n concerned in late at.
the Dike 'of Wnuttnirton
I pprehended.
eat Paper of the 2d instant. •
• from the. flaw, contains t
the motives Which induced
o resign his post es Minister
nr. The article amounts to
oat Highness continued Mi.
would have required him to
amber of the States-General, -
id be discussed which was it
wysitittss of the military Ad.
thy, -therefore, of the Heir
ewitat lowered by the nem.
uestions, end mingling is tie
ignobly.
