P,'"'-`

setemand of a new army that is organizing there, of
:r'wbich troops he has taken from Constantinople, will form
the vanguard. The success of the Greek expedition will
telrituipally depend on the part that their numerous country-
%even of Asia take. to the meantime, it is reported that the
I:Capitan Pacha has received orders from Constantinople,
'to Teton with all his Beet to the coast of Asia Minor, to
4,arrark the Greek fleet. The Greek expedition will thus act
a diversion to induce the Capitan Pacha to leave the
! 100130 Sea and the coasts of Greece.
Accounts from Batavia, dated March 22, state that the
Coieroor General in Council, on the 11th of February, bad
*adopted &h auras for the observance of the ordinance by
which the port of Batavia alone is open for the importation
..of foreign Merchandise. The Governthent had received a
detailed account of the eruption of the Volcano, in October
last. In this terrible visitation 4 011 persons perished,
49t33 Rice plantations were totally destroyed, and 5381
*Orel The number of Coffee trees destroyed amounts to

77,795•
kccoants from Canton in China of 14th January, say that
they have begun to rebuild most of the factories destroyed by
the fire in November last. The number of houses of all kinds
dent oyed, including magazines and factories, is 13,40. The
loss of the English Company is much less than was at first sap-
; posed. The loss cawed by the fire has had no influence en
s trade ; all Imported goods were low, especially cotton. •
An article from Copenhagens of the 12th of August, says
that the Swedish and Norwegian. Charge d'Affaires in
Spain bas received orders to act in conformity with the
Briggs Ambassador, respecting the place of his residence.

We are afraid that there is a disposition in the Catholics
of Ireland, to push Prince Hoheolobe's reputation as a
miracle-monger rather too far. We would caution them
in all friendliness, to be wary upon this point. We may
not quarrel with them for believing the miracles, but they
must not press them upon us. We contend for their righi
to the full enjoyment of political and religious freedom as
BIEN, who know the valve of the rights which- they de-
mand. If, instead of being men, they put themselves in
the light of credulous children, are might pause before we
proceeded to form any alliance with them, on a.business in
which ail the energies of the mind are required. Let
Prhtce Hobenlohe continue to set women's tongsses going,
or to stop them, (if he can), but let ns have no more of
grave men listecing to, or, what is still worse, repeating
such stories.

The continuance of the Slave Trade affords ranch regret
to the friends of humanity ; and an endless source of hy-
pocritical cant to others, who merely use the subject as a
chord to play upon the feelings of the public. The truth
of the case is, that the Slave Trade cannot be abolished,
while slavery exists. It is all a farce; to make agreements
between nations on the subject. If they were intended to
be effectual, which :bey are not, it would be impossible
that they should be so, while any mart for slaves could be
obtained ; and the markets arc now nearly as open as be•
fore the Slave Trade was formally abolished by England.
Since that period the importation into one met West India
island*, has been enormous ; perhaps little short:of what it
would have been, had the abominable traffic been openly
allowed as before. The principle that it is better to buy
than to breed, has taken deep root in the conntries where
slaves are employed ; and it is only by abolishing slavery
that it can be eradicated. The pretended danger of so
doing is also lately ridiculous. What danger could there
be in the enactment that all children born under the
British Bag should be free ? the slave owners pleacl.l
ed that it was not just to subject them to the
expence of bringing them up, when they were to have no pro-
perty in them, let the State bring them ap until they Were enti-
tled to obtain their own livelihood. The expence would he
but trifling, for the equivalent good ; although, in point of
strict justice, those who profit by the labours of the parents,
ought to support the children. But waving that consideration'
by such means, in the course of another generation, all would
Irc free, without any disorganization of the present order of
Society ; and as by this means alone can the Slave Trade
e effectually abolished, those who do rfot facilitate such
a measure, are in truth anxious that the Slave Trade should
continue.

Thant were no loss then three departures with despatches on
Friday. In addition to Mr. Arbuthnot, jun. for Paris, Vienna,
Constantinople, &e., Mr. %ego, the Spanish Courier, after be-
ing under orders for several days to be readiness to I eve Eng-
land, left town on Friday night with despatches for Sir Wm.
A'Courr, at Gibraltar ; and Mr. Monroe, the King's Messen-
ger, left town with despatches for Sir Charles fagot, our Am•
hanador at St. Petersburg.

An extraordinary Courier from the Court of Turin to the
Sardinian Minister in London, arr;ved here a few days ego. It
has been remarked that since the arrival of this Courier, who is
even a person of distinction, the Sardinian Minister seems to
he more than usually occupied. From what can be learnt, It
would appear that the Sovereigns of Italy are in great appre-
hension of the projects of Austria, in the Congress which Is to
meet at Milan. It is affirmed also,that Austria is very unwilling
to evacuate the strong places occupied by her in Piedmont.
Advices from Bayonne of the 16th instant state, that an-
cording to letters from Vittoria, the persons arrested fur
political opinions had been set at liberty by virtue of the
order of the Duke of Anrouleme, doted Andujar the Bth
instant. The Alcalde of Vittoria, who refused to carry it
into execution, had himself been imprisoned.
Letters from Barcelona, dated the 6th August, were re-
ceived yesterday through France, The French at that
time held the city in strict blockade by land, but no mili-
tary movements are mentioned, the writers studiously
avoiding to speak on public affairs. It is remarkable that
the only sure conveyance for letters to Barcelona has been
discovered to be through France, these sent through other
channels, such as Corunno, Vigo, or Lisbon. do account of
the distrust the writers entertained of the French post-
Mice, having in almost all instances failed to reach their
destination.

A letter from Paris of the 20th Augugt says—" On the
lith of April hist, the police discovered in Rue Monter-
snail part of the printing utensils which bad served to print
protest of the Chamber of the Hundred Days, and some
songs addressed to the Army of the Pyrenees. Ascagne
Andist, a young law student, who had possession of these
bas just been condemned to six months' imprison-
'seat and to pay a fine of 10,000 francs. His brother,
Venn Andiat, and a person named Meyor, a worker in em-
lwohlery, who were implicated in the same transaction,
were acquitted."
