PETITION

~•
'toren. RT MAJOR CA/ tWRIORT AT TIM LINCOLN 'trove
NESTING TO RE PRESENTED TO TUE MOUSE Or COMMONS.

•
" I. That the table of your Hoarable House, being el-
ready loaded with the grievances of those who do not fatten-
by the misapplication of public money. or upon an intole-,
table taxation of au unrepresented people, your petitioners
wiii not add to that load, by useless repetitions of what is
universally known and understood; but confine themselves
at present to declare, that they see before them no other than
one of the three following results, namely, an Algerine
slavery nutter a military despotism.—a dire convulsion,
with civil war,—or a restored constitution by means of a
complete reform of the national representation, for securing
the enjoyment of those rights and liberties, which in the
Bill of nights were verbally • claimed, demanded, and in-
sisted upon t' but for which rights and liberties the abused
nation hid waited one hundred and thirty-five years, and
,bath them yet to seek.
• 2. The tuition, instead of these promised rights and
liberties, having since endured wrong and oppressions
far exceeding any thing experienced under the tyren-
nical house of Stuart, your Petitioners now apply to your
Honourable House for redress.
• 3. Stilt( and feeling the fatal consequences of the
ragne, ittleTeite language of a Parliament which ought
to have sceured the rights and liberties it talked of,
your•Petjtienera,on behalf of themselves, of their CORD-
try, and their posterity, do now, therefore, formally and
apeciticalty,'clann those rights on which liberty, and
eonsequeetly property, depends, that is to say,—
• I. That all nudes, it the time when, by adult age,
they become entitled to inherit such right and property
in land, goods, or chattels, as may be thetr's by the laws
of Mau, MAT, at the same time, as rqdals of their fellow-
men in the eye of their CREATOR likewise enter into full
possession sod enjoyment of that superior and more sa-
cred right and property, which,- by the law of Gon, be-
longs to them as intellectual, moral and responsible be-
ings, endowed with sense of right anti wrong, as well as
with free-will for choosing between good and evil ; by
which inherent superior, and sacred light, they are evi-
dently entitled., equally with all their countrymen, to
share in electing and appointing those persons who are to
make laws which must have power over their properties,
their liberties, acci their lives; because without such sa-
cred tight to legislative representation, no inferior rights
or interest in lands, goods, or chattels, can hare a s-
dow of secorit y. • •
• 11. That the legislative representatives of the people
in and sir vlistriots, w
as wroth Pribilase"
may be practicable, without inconveniently subdivid-
ing parishes, wards, or other existing ditislona of the po-
pulation.
• ill. That not only in recognition of ancient salutary
-usage, but likewise for completely securing to the peo-
ple universally the sacred right of representation as they
successively attain adult age; as well as for erecting a
strong harrier against the horridly tyrannical practice of
taxing unborn generations, thereby crushing liberty in
the very egg, the legislative representatives of the people
may be chosen annually.
iV. That, as aright to an end includes a right to the
means,—and as no man ought to be exposed to ruin or'
persecution for freely voting, elections may be made by
ballot.
•4. That, in the present awful crisis of their country's
destiny, your Petitioners solemnly protest against all ex-
iplbritnentil projects under the wane of Reform, as indicat-
ing either a lamentable onacqstaintance with the coosti-1
tntion, or a presumptuous discretion, in contempt of those
eternal principles of Truth, emanating from the wisdom
:cid goodness of Goo; a report to which, in times of
trouble, extremity, and consternation, the Divine lie-1
ing bath prescribed fur the earthly salvation of nations.
• 5. The, in the opinion of your Petitioners, all ex-
posures of official abuses and delinquencies--of minis-
terial mismanagements—of unjust and unnecessary wars,
foreign acquisitions, and uselessinstitutions, fir the wide
-
extension of patronage—aod for prostituting of honours
or titles, as well as of all profligate sqeanderings of
poblic money. in bribing, influencing, or corrupting
members of the legislature, for securing majorities in
support of' arbitrary power, in which exposures there
is an unprofitable and disgusting expenditure of podia-I
mentary time, unless such exposures be introduced as'
mere illustrations of the paramount necessity of purify-
ing the legislative and pecuniary fountain whence those
manifest evils flow.
• 6. That whenever such exposures do not terminate
in avowed, determined, aad persevering exertions for
perfectine the national representation in parliament.'
your petitioners must consider the best of them in no tort-
ter light than the efforts of faction for the attainment of
power: to end, as all such exposures, front the period of
the revolution to this day, have ended; that is to say, in
national delusion, and a gradual but constant rivetting
more and more the yoke of despotism on the neck of
the people.
7. Wherefore your petitioners exhort your Honoura-
ble House to grVe, by statute, speedy effect to the claim
they have made for the salvation of their country.
• And your petitioners will env pray.'

-- -
The late storm must have been very severe in the
neighbourhood of Woofer, as we are informed that 500
deer in the Earl of Tanberyille's park at Chillingham
Castle perished through its violence.—{Berwick Adver-
tiser.)
BRIGHTON, MARCO 26.—in consequence of informa-
tion received by Sir David Scott, Ban. that a Mr. 6--
had conducted himself in such a manner as to
warrant the strongest suspicions that he meditated an
act of a must alarming character, he was directed to be
taken into immediate custody. tin his being brought be-
fore the above Magistrate, it was evident that the prison.
er was labouring under mental derangement, and he aas
consequently placed under the charge of two dour head-
boroughs, until inquiries could be made respecting hini.
It was ascertained that the unfortunate gentleman had
resided for some mouths •in the town, and was very re-
Ipectably e granted. On Monday he was again brought
before Sir David Scott, at the Town Hall, and after a
• strict examination was rem►nded to a future day, when
his friends will probably be present. It was soon known
that our beloved Sovereign was the high object to which
the priloner's violence was directed.—Brighton paper.)
