is to take possession of the fortress of Landau, where !
1 NAVAL IN7'ELLIGB.NCiE.
every thing confine's in the same state.
The King of Prussia hes ordered all the regiments DLit., Nov. 10.—Arrived and sailed, for the
of the landeehr of the Grand Duchy of the Lower River, the Aberdeen, Allen, from Quebec.—Came
Rhine, to be disbanded before the beginning of next down from the River the Lord Nelson, for Charles-
) ear. ton; Vine, for Oporto ; Kate, for Medip ; Burden,
The Duke of Otranto arrived at Leipic the 26th and the Lady Grove, for Jamaica ; and the Albion,
October, and conduced his journey on the 27th to for Trieste: they, with the outward, remain by
Dresden. i contrary winds.
A part of the English troops which hare been al Liveaeoot., Nov. 9.—The Union, Talbot, from
long time encamped in the wood of Boulogne, has St. Petersburgh for Prosidenee, with hemp and iron,
taken cantonments at Megaton, Trial, Pontoise, and ' was wrecked on the 22d of September—Crew saved.
the neighbouring villages. I Pootsmotern, Nov. W.—Arrived his Majesty's
The approachiug re-establishment of the Syndicat ship Centaur, from the Cape of Good Hope,
(Controllership) of the book trade, upon the old which she left on the 21th of August, having un.
bases, is announced. This measure is much wished der her convoy the following ships : Broxborn-
for by the sound part of printers and booksellers. ; bury, from Batavia ; Scaleshy Castle, from China ;
In the sitting of the Chamber of Peers, on Satur.. Phoenix transport, from the Isle of France, gone to
day last, Cuunt Garnier made a motion that the Barbadoes ; the Brilliant and the Kate, from the
Ministers should be invited to abstain from using the Cape; Cornwallis, Swallow, Sansarang, and Her.
sicred name of his Majesty in the discussions of the odes,. from Bengal, which she parted with in thick
Chamber. The Duke de la Vauguyon spoke against , weather about a month siuce.—Arrived the Mary
it with much eloquence, and the Chamber passed to Ann ; she sailed from London for Halifax 61 days
the order of the day. i ago : she has put back with the loss of fore.trast,
The Duke of Otranto arrived on the 27th nit. at boats, &c. and part of her cargo thrown over board;
Dresden. and the Levant from the West last from
Levant, Indies,

.

STATE'I

•
:N.

EAEBIL,THE ROCHESTER PEDESTRIAN.

--


...
LORD MAYOR'S' P- --
'The circular list of personi slid 10 be rifdani
the Guildhall Fete on Thursday, sent round '
the NeKsp spers by a common collector of newt
inaccurate in every particular. Neither the
Chancellor, the Chancellor of the EacheqUer,
any Cabinet Minister was present. In like
they chose 11:40 to show their spite to the last
Mayor, because, after being through life their ,
vtit servant, he had opposed the Corn Bill. They
afterwards atoned to hi:n, indeed, in his periOnal
character, for the instill shown to the Cif:
official *i•ttition. 11'P do not believe that the ,
Lord Mayor will so far forget, what he owes
Livery of London as to scietit of their priooto
Ingle, for the public iii,respect. There is not
gistrate in the Corporation oho has unirorml)
more attendance to the discharge of the a rduous 1
of the office, than the present Lord Mayor. ff;
Renee in Guildhall has been so constant, acting,
or other of his colleagues, that he has beers I
live in the Court. And he hoe been justly prai
the benevolence and impartiality with which ~
administered the • law. With this public and
knowledged fact, properly stated by the Recorder.
in his speech to the Chief Baron, the Ministers chess
to show their ehildisti spite tto him, *ben he teases ;
routine to the civic choir, because he is an
to corrupt inflames.; and is desirous of teferailie,
Representation of the People ift Parliailmit.
is it that Minister, &she to lilduicatti by 'nth
duct ? That they is ill shOw reaped to no .
gistrate that h not she sycophant of tiliish
We trust this is not their moth., We liiisHitet
will be able to account fot their absence byltisialetw
reason then pique, for it Is their duty to Ott as
[ ample to the King's subjects, to show becetddi
' deference to the Municipal Authorities of that It ' a
r dem, which constitute so essential' a part of a
Government. The Magistrates of every City and `
i potation in the three kingdoms are concerned '
' insult thus offered to the Metropolis. They haft
forgotten the pitiful di/respect shown to tbe "-
lof Liverpool, when an underhand correitiondeived
l was carried on with a tool of the Treasury iO
place. And this repetition of their high and *Vier
disdain seems to give it the air of a syateie. •4, :4.
But while the Lord Mayne bad the Irodesit taillfit''
sopperted on entering on his high office, by • .
of the high distinction Which fellow, he n' Mill•
4:
' little for the absence of the convivial cif Earl ..
.'
I pool, or the Noble Secretary, whose that' 4
have so recently amused and surprised the ,
Regent.
. . r
There were present at the City Feast- - S
it is Royal Regimen' the Duke or Kent, WM ftn Iblesitihneti
the Doke of Sua.ex, kir yat ilidinc... t Akar
(wilier, kis Royal Highness she Duke of Ode.- • ' '
1.0 aus —Heillaral, Amherst, and ErAtio..; - •
Hic Evrelleucv the Dimas Ambetssadir. ' - ,
The Right R 7. 1 tie Bishop of tali e.
i The Lord Merl rnn. and several et the hedges.
i The Altman Solicitor-General, and **tete Se ...-
1 A sonnaita—Ahalie. Curtis. Flower, Btaiitum; illealde4
Atkins', Cos, Goodh,ltive„ Heygateo Magi.ey, Leigh Ilcien-
-4..._
ley, Iluirer, Doraville, &e. . •
MESSR 8.. —ll S Ide, Farquhar, WitMoes, White, AMOK CO*
home, morns. Cooke, mod Halifax.
~ iiiiiik.
Mr. Brougham, Mt. Nurser :Mr. Brat Ili. •',
Sharpe, &c. Ste. Itc. iti - ' t:. •. • !
1 At the dinner in Guildhall, e 111140.1. s•-
, health of the -Loki,- Strfue"-efiie 0460 by hi,
Royal Highness the bake of Kart In iiillett and
eloquent spetteli,/st lirlifili he' espimisied",the
• feellfigs of hTs.helrf in fareiii of a' litiOsilite.,
he had so often met on occasions interestinglol,
nity, when his able and. vetoes pis-operation a.
beet. given in establishing tiestitutiores for mile:olft
the infant poor, and for assuaging the sorrows Otte
' distressed. It gave him the Mgheit iatisfaction to
see a person of his liberal character called by his fib
low-citizens to till the high office of Lord Mayor,
since the manner in' which he bad constantly dia.
' charged the duties of a Magistrate, would be' in
earnest for the fidelity, attention, and benevolence,
1 with which he would maintain the dignity of the 0'
lion. He concluded with promising the lieeltl
the Right Hon. the Lord Mayer, which was ,
with three times three, accompanied by the warmest
tokens of applause.
1 66 The LORD M A YOR said, " I think your .
Highnesses, my Lords, Ladies and Gentlemen,
the high honour conferred on me by drinking
- health, and I am much indebted to the Berri Doke
the flattering manner in which it was plefeciedt
to the whole company for the manner in 'Which*
= . was received. I anticipste no difficulty in tbat defile
The Loan hlayort, it is said, intends to summon I
. .
of this important Office. greater_ than the one asswlni-
a Common Council for the purpose of taking into posed upon me in speaking of myself.
_. With Milted.
serious consideration the best and most efficacious lug I shall, briefly observe, that hitherto I NMI
to perform all I
my public deities with seal and
foreign nations, now enduring the hardships
means for liberating the 40,000 Christian slates of tempted
of impartiality, and thatbeg leave to sey; that T
slavery and imprisonment in the barbarous States of 1 in the same motives.
Tunis and Algiers. . continue to be influenced by :
usual this place to speak' of the high and important
The sloop Fredegor, Jones, of Newport, frets ;duties which devolve upon the Chief Magistrate
ty, and unquestionably, when relatively considered,
Limerick, is on shore on Faes, irress Rock—Crew i u
they are of the' highest importance; but the
saved. i of every Magistrate in every situation are inn
Every Gentleman who aims at celebrity, at a' ant, and he deserves well of big country whr
public speaker, whether in the Pulpit, at the liar, • forms them with energy and impartiality. It is, .
or in the Senate, should make Aesstoltle's Rhetoric ever, of no small importance that the elevation
his particular study; a new edition of it by D. M.. the situation of this Magistracy is obtained
Clitmwrx, Fsq. of the Temple, corrected and much ' free voice of his fellow-citizens, and that before
enlarged, with a copious Index, will shortly be ' can attain this elevation he is obliged to pass tt
the ordeal of three elections. To execute will
publisher! by STOCICDA IA:, 41, Pall-Mall, in one
large volume, Bvo. price lea. It is well calculated priety the duties of so honourable a situation,
to facilitate the progress of the higher chases of to he watchful over the rights and privileges
public schools, where it will he found a desirable . ft410714;,;:e1,,,, and to maintain it with hemming
earnpartion, not being the dry kind of work which . splendour and hospitality, shell be my earnest
many have supposed, bet interspersed with anus,' dearour ; and should Iso far succeed es to obit
dote : and it as closely describes the modern Prim- i the close of my Mayoralty, assisted MI I shall
lice of Pleading as though it bad been written for, illy Brother Aldermen, the good whiles and 1
the English Bar, "tithe present day. Those. Readers I.of illy fellow-citizens, 1 shall be mere than
,who seek rational amusement in Novels, will not be 1 "med.!,
displeased that we recommend to their notice two [ 10-nine-row being the first Senday in Michael'
:which have just appeared—Anal: of Orlingbanis,' Term, the Lord Mayor, accompanied by •••
price 10s.; and Love and Horror, price ss. • of the Aldermen, the Sheriffs, and city Miters,
The only Capitals drawn on Tuesday last, were, I will go in grand procession to W. Paul's Cathedral,
.the Ticket, No. 1,723, a Prize of klOOO, and No. where they will be met by the Judges, Segments,
-11,819, a Prize of f5OO. As it is possible the re- Ito hear an appropriate Strmon by the Chaplain ,
suit of the next' day's drawing may impoverish thei the Mayoralty.-4it tliettoroclosion of (thine service,
Wheel, to the amount of 4i10.000, CA RYER, No. the Company will' reileff lw the hlausionslfonse,
8, Charing-Cross, urges his friends to complete I where they afe te'he sumptuously entertained'
their intended purChases of Tickets and Shares imme- 1 iris Lordship,
diately, as be thinks it highly probable, that before'
the Wheel 'gees round nett Thursday, at Nine ':. CCOALMARICKT, .•• NoV. 10.
Ail at. Market: ;,14hipts %gad. Price.
'o'clock in the morning, the Contractors will hate alN,,,,camie...::i,. en
.... 45 . 64. to St.
11140111 d of ever)/ Ticket in their possessions Sueeterland .... ...- 411 .. 45;. ad. to Mb.

•
•
, .
10111.1.
Hint at
d td all I
las, was
le Lord
ier; nor
Manner
to Lord 1.
'rhey
*ration! 411!
ty in his
present
PS to the
ate 11110.
It a Mx-
Fly given
av duties 's
liis pre.
4 .1!
for one
said to
shied for
he has
and ac-
ecorder,
tti Apse
!Oates in
a enemy
Mill the
What
hit con-
ne Ma-
Ste
itsit'fbrf
gaiter
Ea* ex-;
=t:
Cor4
d in'ths
hdirt net
P Stayer
iondenre
Ih that
I Ilight,
Nit Wilt-- • • •'.•-•
. OAF l•
174 • ,
14,)
•
4.llolmrsi
altAller
tai
c
. 414100-
WAS, Oa-
I
kj) the
by his
bort and
.
•
*.4loetit.
.., I
ken bed
inttating •
re Otte
I ction to • • •
flfs Mi.
Miro,
itly•
I be* in
velour',
the sta.
ealtb of
s drank
warmest
r Raytt
ten, for
Ling say
)ekvfer
led, and
erhiebit
*troths
IOW& •
isv* at:
goal and
t I shalt
t. It
'portant
e of tMs
sidered,
s duties
import-
ho rt.;
is, how.
Lion to
by the
gore he
through
ith pro:
ut, and
of my
tinning
vest en-
Wain at
II be by
thinks '
han re.;
Ilaelmas
several
Miters
rsts• kr.
lain to
write,
lied by
• -
di.
94
• .
