THE STATESMAN.

have experienced in different Assemblies. Unanimity
is arhiitablo, hit it may be looked upon as the ene-
my of irdiviOunl liberty."
I'd. Dt. Nit) Our sentiments are unanimous,
but ue sou,t have an eye to the future. An A,sern-
lily decides by a majority. We must not make dis.
tirrtioirs iii its decisions. I do not thick it maiei ial
to record in a pieces verbal, that the Assembly has
declared itself unanimously ; but to express that
you keep to the oath you have taken.—[ExpresAions
of disvprobation.]—l am not surprised ot these
murmurs : doubtless, I have been misunderstood.—
Let us declare that through resprct to the liberty of
the Assembly, it is not announced that the de, ision
was unanimous."
Number of voices—" To the Order of the Day."
The Order of the Day was adopted on these pro.

posals.
M. PRESIDENT.—" After the explanations given
in the Tribune upon the oath; after the acknowledg-
ment which conciliates right with the duty, we have
to co-operate la a constitutional manner in effecting
those changes of hich the Constitution may be sus-
ceptible, doubts and scruples have disappeared. The
Constitution Oath has been taken—novr, the most
urgent business is to answer by an Address to the
speech of his Majesty. All see the necessity of ap-
pointing a Commission for this purpose; but how

shall this Commission be Inc tried ?"
The Ent:sun:NT here proposes seseral plans, the
last of which was adopted. It co:isisled of five
Members to those alreat:y appointed by the bureau.
This Commission was to submit the result of its la-
bours to the Asset:o,ly next day.
rsl. FEr.rx PELTIER..--" I propose an act of na-
tional jos:ire. There are none of us but will look
upon the first of March as the day on which the
country was saved. In vain do the Monarchs of
Europe attempt to charge our senlimenis, as if an

nation was not its own'Sovereign. But, Gentlemen, be-
fore the departure of the Emperor, you must desire to
givehim the assurance that you will uniteall your efforts
and all the efforts of the French people to aid his ge-
nerous care and labours for the safety of the county.);
and since adulation and flattery have appropiiited
to a Prince, who was neither called nor wanted by
the French nation, the sweet title of the Desired,
will not you think it is equally just and proper to
attach an additional title to the man, who, almost
without means, confiding in the sentiments of the
nation, landed, almost alono, on the first of March,
to save us from slavery and the opprev.ion and de.
Igradation of feuddlitv. l move, th it you declare
him " the sAvtou or THE COUNTRY."
" Order of the Day," called for on all sibs.
M. LE.PELLTIEUtr--" 1 move that you, at the
same time, address the French people."—[Great corn.
molion—President rings his bell s .veral
M. Dirty.—" Yes, you are here for the purpose
of aiding and assisting with all your capacii-s our
legitimate Emperor. But mill you permit Ote poi-
sonous breath of flattery to steal jot° thi. A setoblj ."
—[ Noise continues.]
The PRESIDENT.—" Though the Assembly tPsti•
firs that it will not deliberate on the pi oposal that
has just been mr.de, i am obliged to put it to the
ote." The st hole Assembly on this stood op for
the Older of the Day.
The three remaining Secretaries were then appoint-
ed, viz. M. Dumolard, General Como', (brother of
the Minister for the interior) and M. Clement, (du
Dc rubs.)

ILvvinttacit, MAY I9.—The King of Wirtem-
berg has engaged to furnish 19,000 men for the
common cause, for z.:lnch the English Government
ltrr:e age eed to pr!/ 111. '2s. per head. This agree-
ment is made for a year certain—payments to be
wade ni.,ntlay.
Let•ers have been received from Cadiz, of the
Rd r.f May. The Spanish frigate Sabina had just
sailed, with a fleet containing 3000 troops, for
Pvtiarna. The insurgents, it was known, had got
possession of La Puella, the richest city in South
America, except Mexico, which last city was also it-
self threatened. By the ship Sarah Jane, which had
arrived in ninety-four days from Buenos Ayres, the
important news l.ad been received of the complete
defeat and ruin of the Royalist party, in three dif-
ferent battles, and that the Revolutionists were at
length completely masters of that most beautiful and
rich country. It is known that the Royal Govern-
ment had expressed its utmost indignation against
Venezuela and New Grenada, for having opened
their ports to the English.

A liamhurgh Mail arrived this morning. It fur-
nishes few articles of interest, but we subjoin its con.
tents. A letter from Vienna among these repeats the
statement that Fouctie and Carotor had sent !impo-
se!' to the Allies different to those of BON P.% RTC ;
but no credit can now be given to this statement.

all the German Deputies, to consider the plan for
the German Act of Union— whether it will be signed
to-day is uncertain, as Some points are still open to

in the ;:resr,nt 'complete meetings or the German
I):ltuti•s, the Sc,.; Ambassador takes a part, as
sell us Count Bernitorlf, the Danish Minister ; War-
(ember!: alone has hitherto krpt a:irirt from their
common deliherationl, but this has caused no delay
in the pro greis of the di•hatec.
The Ilinister Moro,' Von Stein !eft this cif), yes•
terday erecting. The doput ore cf Prince sietter-
nich nixed for the lit of June: Prince Ilatdet•,.
berg, sill remain here four or lite days Itiogor.
