TI E STATESNI AN.

and poverty, are treated only as rebellious inure
muss ! We believe that the people of England, at I
this moment, enjoy as few comforts, and undergo mote "r
privations, than ever feli to the lot of the Russian i.
and Ponal, geastuttry 1 for however they might belle-
-4grado by acknowledged slavery, they were well fed
iantiitreited kindly ,by their Nobles.or Masters.; ho-
! sides, the uncultivated bluntness of their feelings re-
cfincile.them to that condition of slavery which, to
Englishmen, would appear the greatest of misfortunes.
Yet so it happens, that our countrymen, with livelier i
sensations of pleasure and pain, with a brighter •in-
tellect, and superior kttowledge, are to undergo as
much toil as the Russian, with a refinement on feudal
slavery, 'arising from the mortifying reflection, that
they themselves furnish the means by which they are
punished.
The British Constitution, which. was established
on the principles of liberty and virtue ; and the Par-
lianietd, which was constituted and formed from the
body of the people, independently, to administer
wisely and justly the atLtirs of the nation, have, like
all human establishments, become corrupted by
luxury and ambition, which have produced a univer-
sal profligacy of manners, and given to tlid Crown
an undue halt/mice, the effects of which hare a na-
tural tendency to break down the fettgesef liberty,and
ultimately ..reader the ,:people tame and contented.
vassals.
•General Elections. are degenerating into
nothing more than auctions of Boroughs, which must
tuue Parliament, the Grand Council of the Na-
tion, once the guardia.a of the state, and terror of
evil Ministers, ieta a party of sycophants, dependent
and venalI nl..vays ready to cottErte any measures,
which the Miaister of the clay .nay propose; and,
which; must tiaa;li degrade the House of Commons
to littler mcee., than a Court for the registering of
Royal Edicts. When we view the true state of
this once flourishing nation, we see the Government
interest in direct opposition to time ititere•ats of the
people, at a time when it require, their united efforts
to hear up against the formidable enemies by which
they are surrounded ; when we see trade destroyed—
'the revenues devoured by a national debt, and store
millions wanted to prosecute a disastreus warfare,
we shudder at the prospect before us. A 'Govern-
! meta surrounded by such adverse circumstances,
SHOULD THINK OF NOTHING BUT .5 15 TREAT

Dile

The Proprietors'of the STAR have lately thought
fit to announco to . the public, in a very pompous
manner, the extraordinary exertions they are making,
at a heavy expellee., to procure early and exclusive
intelligence, while, at the same time, they must be
conscious of the meagre and contracted sources of
their information, when compared with those Journals
who subscribe to the French Papers, from which the
STAR has withdrawn its subscription for a consider-
able time past ; since when they have only obtained
that important branch of Foreign News from their j
contemporaries, and publish it in SECOND EDITIONS)
as was the case on Saturday last, respecting the 23d •
FRENCH BULLETIN, WhiCil had -actually cost the
!STATESMAN Fifteen Pounds! naturally excites
curiosity to know what original and exclusive jute's
ligeuce the STAR has to boast of. Is it the vague re-
ports which are constantly circulated on 'Change by
speculators and adventurers, for the purpose of en-
trapping the unwary and enriching themselves ?-
1 Is it the articles which were written for the S.r tit by
lan American poltician, who pretetaLel to slew that
his countrymen were the aggressors in the dispute
with England, and that a war with America was not
to be dre-nled, as it could be justified by our Go-
vernment?—Can the species of intelligence which we
have of late so frequently seen vamped up in the
SECOND EemoNs of the STAR, entitle them to boast
superiority of intelligence over their contemporaries.
One thing is certain—the ST ta may justly be
ranked among the number of those Journals which
are in the constant habit of publishing the most ridii
culeus and improbable reports about the war in
Russia, awl drawing conclusions which are not
founded eith'cr in fact or probability, but merely cal-
culated to dkeive the public, and give a temporary
eclat to Ministers, of whose conduct the STAR is
now become the avowed panegyrist. We have our-
selves repeatedly received a number of such silly and
vague fabrications, which we have not peblisltexl,axtd.
thereby trvuldienfinicAfication of being compelled •
to contradict them on the succeeding day. • •

The Victory, of 100 guns, arived at Portsmouth I
from the Baltic last night; she brings no news of sol
recent a date as what is to befoundiu the last Got- •
tenburgh Mail.
The Standard is ordered to be fitted for service at I
Chatham.
Great apprehensions are entertained for the In-!
constant. it is feared she has been lost iu the Baltic.
The Revenge, 74, was released from quarantine
yesterday, at Portsmoth. She is ordered to be fitted '
again immediatelyrto return to the Meditterranean.
The Java frigate, with General Iltstoe and suite
on board, for Bombay, together with the whole of
the outward-bound East India convoy, were still de- !
tained at Spithead last night, wind-bound.
Two Heligoland Mails arrived yr:Acid/Iy, bringing
letters to Friday last. The following is an extract
of one of them, containing all the news in that un-
productive quarter :--- '
4' lleunot.xND, OCT. 29.—The stormy weather
has prevented oor having any communication with
the Continent. By the tremendous gales several
ships have been driven on the coast of ;Jutland. The
Regent, which had taken in from hence a cargo of
rape seed, of the value of about 10a 0001. was driven
.
opler anchor, and lailsed,'?

_ ...
~~:


red
bare Iti v'•l')
A N letterothufi
Nothing
from
could
our,,Army.in Spain, dated Madrid, October *°-
. The Pelee% REGENT mean, to open the ne;lar-
ndl7eifirrcieo Officer of
ga bay thethaTnhwi
Bement id person, and the House of Lords will, no
doubt, present a fascinating display of beauty, it
, 11,:v
being the custom to admit females on the occasion.--• this gayest of ca 't 1 1 •1. een ill
After !wearing in the Members,
,and granting asu • ' pi a s—p ays, tallness, halls,masks,
concerts, &c. Since Gen. H ieres army '
ply .to the Minister, for it seems,be wants mont came to Alan.
ei e • will ye juez, this place has been crowded with
A arilament, after sitting about three,wants
the aece.
weeks, ad.. of the Second Division, whom we
journ, over the Christmas holidays.—The following have not see 2
a long period : the Officers of the FourthDivision° for
circular letter has been sent to the Members of the
likewise daily in from the r - are
HOUK' of Com Mons, by Lord Cesemeaxen it : le sscurial. Gen.!'
item has taken up the Marquis '
NS Anises
e Downitig-greet, Oct. 31, IFII2. tors in the um:rens(' •iv
palace:
" itia.,— As it is proposed that Parliament s44lwild viort fur A but that able officer Geri.3li 'r.
I.TEN CORM
the dispatch of business on Tuesday the 'Atli of November next 1 ands us.—Don Ceneos is i s 3rwili
I take the liberty of giving you die earliest notice of this inter-' . lives in a most splendid state; ho has. ' r'''
."
.replaced +ha
tier. A full attendance being particularly des;rable in the '
, Municipaltty in the French • interest by a patriale
sent situation of public adairs, permit me to hope that it pre-
one; and a tribune! sits, which daily tries
•• the cat,.
be. consistent with your convenience to give your attendance in of those who have had more or less intercourse wet,
the !louse of Commons on that day. 1 have the honour to b the! F 1
te retie I, and have favoured their
Sir, your obedient awl humble servant, ID t !mest.--The
I . - 1 property of all those who went awav with
.. eesTeisit 'Atilt." t it • arid includes 'nest of the • k nobility)josti'll weak is con.
We understand that Captain niece sItENGE is to ! fiscated : many of
I'l —to-dee
accompany the Earl of Monte to India, in the ea. t2° families have been taken up anti
u sent to the Retire
pitchy of r irst Aide-de-Camp. The Noble Earl is ,as disaffected. Last week a spy • %as strangled in the
to' be accompanied by his Countess, a point of great
° market-place, to the unbounded joy of the 1 poles acs,
importance to the splendour of the Court of Calcutta, It is said he was detected carrying .'
letters from Sums:
and to the societp of she Settlement. : to the remainder RMONI of al. \ ''
S army ; he was a s
''e
By command of the PRINCE ate:tome the Corn-.; ciard aiiti a Captain in the French . service. ''a.
The
mender-in-Chief has signified to. the (Ulcers of :he'.. priecipal Theatre is shut up,
10th Hussars, that it is his Royal Highness'.Peen ; the Opera-liouse ' .shut 3 plea- i is up also, all the per.
sure that the Ohlicers of that regiment, stationed in ' formers having scampered off with JOSEPH 'I. c:
and near London, shall not appear in futuie isian French associates. With alt the f • ' anti
the
Y estivity, remicise
other dress titan regimentals. It is said to be in and shew of loyalty, the pa ' I nisi. army are of lee
contemplation to extend this regulation to every re- service, and the people are not hearty in the '`
Cainec;
geniesiteln the service. .. ,they want a settled Gov and ernmeut, -care not wec
Dechments of the 21th, 31st, 4 eSte7th, 57th, Is, I
ta - then FERDlNAND,Weetesarose or Josape be Nino;
;
71st, Sid, 87th, and 88th regiments, in the whole bnt,.they see no prospect of a settled G
overnmsnt
i about 1,500 men, have ;marched into Portsmouth in . from us, and they do not believe we can stay
to
I the course of the week, and embarked in transports I protect them if 13')NA7A tRTE col Russia."
•
to join their respective regiments in Spain. i . The Perece Iteer.se has granted a respite. during
lAmong the deaths of several valuable Officers in . pleasure, to James Stewart and William 24'Ailltur,
I the Peninsula, particular regret is expressed fosCape ° under sentence ofsleash ia the jail of Glasgow.
I Resesess, 91h regiment, acting Engineer at Bere,os. 1 Mrs. M. A. CLAR:;.E'S ill-fated goods and chat.
The loss of another valuable and able man is much ! teas are again announced to be under the
dissipating
felt, Dr. GRAY; Inspector of Hospitals, who fella : controul of the auctioneer's hammer.
sacrifice to his great zeal o lid persevering attention to It is stated that General Bre:Nis:see has been ap.
the sick of the army. lie was a man of profound ! pointed to succeed Gelijral Tonmesow, who has
skill and great information in every branch of know- boon removed. We shall to see ;be conqueror at
ledge. Among the deaths in Spain, a great portion i ES'ian again actively employed Realest the French.
is of the Medical Gentlemen. , 1 - 'llse folio.. Me extvoct from Lloyd,. History of the
We understand that the whole of the troops or the.: Seven rears' true, will elucidate the plaits of Beet.
German Legion, now at Bexhill, ameeititing to 3.,!..'00 :'PARTS ils his Northerti campaign. It is extracted
men, are to embark immediately at Portsmouth for ..from that part of his work iii which he treats of the
Costume, in order to join the Marquis of %Vex, -frolitiers of the European Powers :
LINGTON. . I .'• On the Russian frontier towards
Europe, the
Fifteen licences have been obtained from France, ' country on the Russian side Of the Dwina is for the
allowing the importation of cotton into Italy. most part covered with lakes, ferests, marshes, &e.
On the 13th ult. arrived at Cadiz, the Spiteish -and of course is very thinly inhabited. On all this
ship Carlota, from Lima, with 216,000 dollars on freistier, an enemy can only advance towards Ries,
board. ; aorl•frant thence towards Petershorgh, or towards
Is eters from. Cadiz state, that about. 70 'persions•!. Plesko w, which is the key into Novogored and alos.
had been arrested at Xeres, owing to air belie; at- - cow ; the loss of 131e;kow, on the lake Wiens,
(ached to the French party. . I brought on that of the Swedish provinces. glad
Yesterday letters were received from ' the River tCtteRLES XI I. been able to keep it, he might have
Plate and we have au Official Report to the Stscre- ' prevented 'the Russiasis from supporting themseliee
,
tart' of the Admiralty in Spain, from Me Marine I °lithe Niece in In grin, avd by acting on their line
Commandant at Monte' Video, supplying a history i from Moscow to Novogorod„ have forced them to
of naval operations, but hone of particular import- : Twer, behind the Volga. This Pleskow is a most
mice. . • : important post, if they (the Russians) had a power.
Letters from Kinsale, received yesterday morning • li 0 '
ful enemy tosoptend with n that frpntier, but thee
are perfectly silent respecting the loss of the Oruzens: : ve none ; for the Prussian*, however formidable,
So. We are, therefore, strongly inclined to be. were they totally disengaged on the side off:eon:no,
lieve, that the original report of the loss of this yes- ' can never advance to the Dwina, their main forces art
eel was a cruel fabrication, for some purpose whicte behind the Oder, and must be supported from theme,
we cannot divine. : and by land, because the Prussian Monarch has notice.
The sbips Indus and Lord Keith, were spoken* The Russian can, first, send a fleet to ravage the coast
with off Cape le Galles on the Ist of August, on : from Memel to Stettin. Secondly, catradvanceia
their voyage to India, all well. : front into Prussia, and occupy it before the Prussians
It was understood in the early part of the season, • can send a sufficient army to prevent it. Thirdly,
that the last convoy would leave Hano the 10th of : they can. send a considerable body of troops, pare-
October; but the one now arriving having sailed the i "arty light troops, to act on the Prussian line from
9th, an application has been made to the Admiralty Konigsberg to the Vistula, and even to pass this river
and advance towards the Warta. Such troops want
for a convoy from Matwyk to Great Britain. Their ' ,
Lordships have given for answer, that they should ' tanrengleirses•
not feel themselves justified in risking his Majesty's i " Smolensk° is fore fied,but not goes to be ableto
'
ships in the Baltic to any later period than was at :make any considerable resistance. This is the most
first determined,
important point'on all the Russian frontiers; it is nnly
The PRINCE RECENT has settled upon Mrs. BAR- • 20D miles from Nlescow, through which thecommuni.
: cations between Petershurgh and the Southern Pro-
Low, daughter of Major M'CREA, of the sth Ire.
. e. jpe ;rig Moscow, the Frnpi re is over.
teratis, and widow of the late gallant Lieut.-Col. s inces piss ;by oc
turned. It was throti4l: tnis pass (Smolensko) the
Bantow (who gloriously fell whilst leacliug on the :
Poles always mitered Rissia, and for a long series of
61st Regiment to • victory, wear Salamanca, on the •
ears gonteoded w id; success aeainst the Russians, and
Ted July last) 2501. per annum, in addition to her . Y
widow's pension. . , even set op an Impostor on the l'lirone of that Empire.
'll. thing mister of Poland, instead
The Magistrates of Invernes; have, much to the : If CII,taLEc l'e
of goisig to Porta we, tied taken Smolensko, and front
satiefactiou of the community, conferred the free-
dom: of that town on Sir JAMES M'INTOSiI; Who has thence advanced to ,!oscow, a victory would have
so highly distinguished himself by his talents, and given him that important place, and for some time
the empire. He could not, however, hive-reserved
who reflects so much honour on the country which ,
gave him birth. , it, while crninected with Sweden, for the same rea..
The private carriage built for the Loan M A YOR
scuttle could not preserve his provinces on the Baltic;
are nitro! Innate event, which must filially happen at
ELECT is of the most superb description ; the body "
e sarey hate
painted.a bright morone, the City arms highly em- Such an• immense (nuance, would nee s. 1
blazoned ou the pannels, and his Lordehip'e family , ruined 'liras"—
Vol. 2d, chair, 4th. page 176.
arms on the side ones ; the wheels are elegantly gilt, I •
Such is the plan (or the invasion of tin. , . 'lsla skeet',
-
; milt), *an Englishman and executer! by Bo:welter.
and the Igtutmer.sclothmost richltembroidered.
Great preparations are making for ; the Loan ---lt. appears from this plan that it will ha unsafe
for the French Empuitoe to advance from MOKOW
MAYOR'S feast on Monday next. It mill be given
in the most splendid style of civic hospitality. ' ; towards Peterehurgli, until he has obtained posses.
The Right Honourable JAMES WALTER, Lord slot, of Riga and Pleskoe, the conquest of the other
FORRESTER; yesterday took the oaths .before his capital will then be easy. But no further operation;
un the-side of the French must be looked for untilt
',Honour, the MASTER of the R 01.1.5, at Lincoln's '
the Baltic is completely frozen, when that even
Inn Hall, in order to qualify his Lordship to vote'mmence and le
Scotland.
at the approaching Election of the Sixteen Peers d takes placeethe siegeesf Riga will co-
i carried on With great activity, fur then no succour,
' ttoit by sea. .
:, can be sett
The Crown Leases havire,
e fallen in throughout
the City of Westminster, renewals are now grant-1
ing by the Lords of the Treasuiye so as to increase
the . revenue of these Crown .Estates more than
100,0001. per annum) eiclusive of the customary fetes
on renewal.

•
' CORN-EiCRANDE, 11.
Vte have had a *tolerable slimily • t %%heat at Market thil"
mofning but as Monday's prices wereitsked, nothing hii` i'"
done in this article. Barley sold tirk sa kly at Is. per anfi
dearer. No Malt has appeared at Market. as like% Ise licaw.
although, both articles arc much wanted. In Peas there boo
alteration. Oats made a good slicw, and fully niaintsius filea•
day's prices.
%him (linglish) .... 10 146
Ditto t 11 In'
Rye
Barley ... 65 ;3
Nev ditto OO
Malt' RA 115 !
White Peas lod 1%)
Ditto (boilers): ;31) 140
New ditto..." •. . ... • 1/0
(trey Peas
liew,ditto - AlOB.

ENGLISH HUMANITY.—III the Madrid Diary, of
the 27th ult. we read the following article, which we
publish in order to put selfish egotists to tile blush
Senor Tar.mor, Colonel of the 74th, and Colonel
Ittnstwoon, of the 45th, with 'their respetive
Oficers, witnessing so many unfortunate and mi-
serable pPople, and compassionatiiig those lamentable.
objects, who were worthy of a better rite' resolved
to give a daily dinner to about two hundred of them,
among whom were some persons of high distinction,
who, without this resource, must necessarily have
perished. This thrycoutinue to do WI, h the greates
zeal, in the quarter of St. Thomas, some of them-
selves being generally • present .on the occasion,—
(Gedis Popr.)
. -

SNI !Tit mt.n
n girt the (lON
Reef ... Otl. 01.
muo, OA. to tit. 04.
Vssisi Bd. to it. 84.
Pork ....6s, 01. to 7s. 4A. j
Lamb ... Os. OW. tr Os. Od.

Ice 113
Beans
76 1..!

Tick do.
01d.... .......... 106
Oats 54 60
00 02 Pine ditto .......... ,
Poland d 0....... 50 °I
Feed ditto ........... 46
Potatoe do. Id
floe Flour
Seconds • • . . 10) 1,01
Kap- Sec& £66

11.1tK ET.—No v. 6.
per stare of alt..
Head of CAUL.; thh, dito
Reust, .............. o,
ISheep ..............
i Calved ........ .
JPic; .............
