NUMBER 5660

EAST INDIA 110 USE. April 30, 1823.
THE Court of Directors of the United Company of
Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,
rio hereby give-space,
That the Court will be ready to receive proposals in writ-
ing at any time on or before Wednesday the 25th of June
next, from any person or Persons wbo may be willing to
build either in the River Thames. or at en outport in Eng-
land or Wales, a ship or ships of about 1300 tons burthen,
to be let on freight for the said Company's service for six
♦oyag'es certain ; specifying in one item a permanent peace.
freight for each of the said six voyages.
The Tenders, with the words " Ship Tender," on the
cover, to be severally sealed up and left with the Secretary
at this House, at or before twelve o'clock at noon, on the
said 25th of June next, beyotel which hour no Tender will
be received.

---------
JOSEPH DART, Secretary.
The partiealars of the principal dimensions and scant-
lings of the ships, an teteatory of Abe principal stores, the
copy of the charter-party for each voyage; se an outline to-
gether with the other terms and conditions upon which the
',hips are to be tendered, built, and employed In the Com-
pany's service, may be had upon application at the oaks of
the Clerk to the Committee of Wapping, on en altar Thera-
day the lath day of May next.

EAST INDIA-HOUSE, April 90, IS.
Conrt of Directors of the United Company of
T Merchants of England trading to lite East
do hereby Ore notice,
That a Special General Court of the said Company,
will be held at their house in Leadenhall-street, on Wednes-
day, the 14th May next, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon,
for the purpose of laying before the Proprietors for their ap-
probation, a resolution of the Court of Directors of the
9th inst., the sum of Sixty Thousand Pounds per annum to
his Majesty's Government, with a view of relieving the
finances of the country from the charge incurred for retiring
pay pensions, &c., on account of that part of his Majesty's
forces which is maintained in the East Indies from the 30th
April, 1822, to be paid out of the Territorial Revenues of
India, on account of all retiring pay pensions, &e., granted
• on that, may be hereafter granted in respect of his Majesty's
• forces serving in the East Indies.
Copy of the said resolution now lies open at this House
lc: the perusal of the Proprietors.
The Court of Directors do also give notice that the said
General Court Is further made special for the purpose of
submitting for confirmation the Resolution of the General
Court of the 19th March, approsing the Resolution of the
Court of Directors of the 18th December last, granting to
Alajor James Rivett Cantu. of the Madras Establishment,
the sum of Thirty Thousand Bombay Rupees, at the rate of
2s. 3d. per rupee upon the ground therein stated.
The Report required by the Bye-Law, esp. G. see. 20, to-
gether with the documents upon which the said Resolution
has been formed, *reopen for the inspection of the Proprie-
tors at this house.
JOSEPH DART. Secretary.

ONLY ONE DAY MORE,
wavr rituasose.
CARROL'S great Lark still continues. He Sold
',Ten Capital Prizes the First Day of the present
Lottery, amongst which was No. 11611; a Prise of 190,000
(being the only oils yet drawn); and in the Last Lottery
whit:headed the 13th January, Ire also Sold In Shares Taro
Prizes of 1110,000, One of .elO,OOO, ao many other Capi-
tals, snaking in all Three of 220,000, 00. of 210,000, and
ICS other Capitals, all Sold by CARROL, in the short hpaes
of Three Months, at Ids Olices, 19, Coraltill, aad 96, °shred
street.
The present Lottery willilaish drawing on Thursday Nest.
Bth May, that being the Last and only Dy when all Ilse
following Capitals mast be Drawo, rim.:
2....ef.. —220,030 I li .... 0f... .. 2600
2 .1,000 I 16 400
Besides many others of 2100, 260, 223, Re.

131PERIAL PARLIAMENT.

--.11.W.--

HOUSE OF' LORDS.-.-WZDNIUIDAY.

Lord CRANBOURNR brought up from the House of
Commons a copy of their Report on the Game Laws,
which bad been moved for by Lord Calthorpe.
Mr. S. RICE brought up from the House of Commons,
the 'nth Charitable Society's Loan Bill, and a Report
on the Local Taxation of tbe city of Limerick.
The Warehousing Bill, and the Bill to prevent pro-
fame Cursing and Swearing, were committed.
Lord CAWDOR moved for certain Papers relative to
the Administration of Justice in Wales •' and then gave
notice that on Tuesday next, he should bring forward a
motion on the subject.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-'-WtDNESDAY.
LINEN YARN.
__ _

A petition was presented from the Linen Manofacturers
et Armagh, praying a duty might be imposed upon linen
yars imported into lreland.—Ordered to lie on the table,
and to be printed.
LEATHER TAX. _ . _

Sir GEORGE ROBINSON presented a petition from
the Hoot and Shoe-makers and Curriersof Northampton,
against the Leather Tax.—Ordered to lie on the table.
WEST INDIA SLAVERY.
Lord F. OS BORN
.presented a petition from the In-
habitants of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely. praying that
slavery might be abolished in the IVest Indies.----Ordered
to lie on tie table, and to be printed.
COAL DUTIES.
A petition was presented from Darlington against the
Coal Reties.—Ordered to lie on the table.
On the motion of Mr. SPRING RICE, the list of the
'Commis Council of Dublin, distinguishing such as were
belongiag to the Guild of hleschants among them, was
ordered. Also. copies oldie Proclamation of the Mayor
•OI 400144. and the Resolutions of the Corporation re-
specting the dressing of the statue of King William.
°TIRE SIIERIFF OF DUBLIN.
Mr. SPUINti RICE moved that the Town Clerk of
the City of Dublin be summoned to attend as a witness
on Friday se'snight.
POSTPONEMENT OF MOTION.
Mr. NOLAN postponed his Poor Laws Amendment
Bill until the 9th May.
ABOLITION OF WHIPPING.
Mr. GREY BENNET rose, pursuant to his motion,
for the purpose of introducing a Bill to aboli-ls whip-
ping. us a punishment inflicted by the Magistrate. Ile
contended that it was neither exemplary nor reformatory.
4 The punishment was one that remained of a barbarous
age. If there could be no other punishment substituted,
then the law would have some authority in remaining as
it stood. But there was a punishment which had been
freed salutaty—tbat of hard labour; and be conceived
this punishment might be substituted in every instance.
Some yesrs back the punishment of the pillory bad been
abolished; in cases of an ordinary nature, in which it
had bees usual to punish offenders ; and why could oot
this barbarous mode of punishment be likewise abolish-
ed? He had attended to the subject many years, and
had devoted much time for the purpose of befog fully
acquainted with it. He had traeilled many miles in this
country in order to comprehend it, and, after all be could
lenra, it did appear to him to be a positive evil. In the
Returns which had been presented to the House, it ap-
rated there was not less than 6,959 Individuals flogged
14 prisons in the coune of seven years. It was disgrace-
