IW]

.r-~

The Petersburgh Gazette, of the Ist Dec. embalm
i srdispatch from the Marquis of Panhied, dated the
22d•. November, stating, that on the 21st his pa.
1 trete* had been near Leuden and Tooms d'Orfli
, without having seen the enemy ; upon which be or-1
dered his troops to cross the Dwina, to act in con-
junction
with Major-General Wiljeminow ; that I
ion the morning of the 22d* be received infer-
lination that the enemy had retired on the road
leading from Schlek to Mitten ; that, according to !
the reports of deserters and prisoners, the enemy ap-
peered to be concentrating his force at Ecis.au, a
very strong position, no doubt intending to Assist the
Grand French Army with the greater part of his
'troops, and be able to cover its retreat, whether It
• Should-be directed by Widsa, Wilkomer, or Jubing. I
1. Ptminutiae's, Dec.S.—field:Marshal Prlneeltn.l
tusow reports, on the 27th of November, that be
had crossed the Dnieper, on the 15th and I.Bth.
Mohilow has been retaken by the Russians, who
found there considerable magazines and provisions for
ten days.
' Boutssow, Nov. 28.—After having gained consi-
derable advantages over Marshals Oudinot and Vic-
tor's corps, in three several actions, in one of which
7000 men were forced to lay down their arms,
among whom were the French Generals Partonneanz,
' hales, and Biomes, 3 Colonels, 15 Lieutenant-Co.
' i lonels, and upwards of 200 Officers of inferior rank.
' i Their artillery and baggage was likewise taken.

NOVEM
" have the honour to inform your Excellency,
that after my safe return from the Duchy of Warsaw,
Kith the detachment under my command, at the time
ellen the Western Army was on its march from
Brest to Minsk, the Commander in Chief, Admiral
Tehichagoff, who, for a long time past had .not
r ohed the least intelligence of the glorious opera-
tions of the troops enderyour Excellenc)'s command,
nor of those of the corps under Marshal Victor,
corhidercd it to be necessary to use all pos-
sible means to effect a direct communication with
sour Excellency's corps as speedily as possible ; and
for this purpose the Commander in Chief thought
groper, on the 25th October (6th November), to
eonfer on etc the command of the Cossack regiment
of Pantelejew, then at Slonim. In the night between
the 25th and 26th (sth and 7th November), Admiral
Tchichagoff, after having already sent forward all
the columns to Neswish, received intelligence that
Prince Schwartzettberg, to oppose whom Lieutenant.
General Sacken had been left with a corps in the
v'cinity of Brest, had detached a considerable body
,f troops towards Vlfolkowisk and Selnig, by
nhich means he threatened cutting off the corn-
rouuication between Lieutenant-General Sacken
and the army. The Commander-in-Chief therefore
directed me to match with the aforesaid regiment of
Poutelejew, which was at that time at Slonim, to De-
retschin and Selwig, to take possession of both these ins:wren PROM THE szme, DATED HEAD•QUANTSRI7
posts, and observe the enemy's movements. On the ICOSSYS, NOV. Yd.
`.:7th of October (Nov. 9), I arrived at Deretschin, By all accounts hitherto received, it appears that
ahem I learned that the enemy's corps, under Gene- • the enemy continues his retreat through Borissow,
cal Moor, was marching from Grodno to the village for which reason the following preparations have
of Motity, and had already began to throw a bridge been made to hinder it :—A strong advanced guard
ever the river at that village. Although the Niemen' of two corps, under General Miloradoviitsch, follows
I.as at the distance 13(, eight leagues from me, I ins- I close upon the enemy ; Count Pistol, with 15 reek
mediately sent a dittightnent there, who roved, Ry ments of Cossacks, It battalions of Infantry, aMj
enty covering the labourers on the right batik of some companies of artillery, hat orders to keep on
thej river, and destroyed ell their prepare.' his right flank, and prevent all hii attempts at Po-
tions made on the left bank. At the very' same! raging ; but on his right he has Adjetant.General
time the parties I had detached to Wolkowisk Kutusow's detachment, which is placed under Ge-
% informed me, that the enemy had already garrisoned moral Wittgenstein's command. All these consider-
that village, and appeared on the road to Siwig, ! able corps must necessarily beat the enemy, before he
hie!, induced me to collect the Cossack Regiment ! crosses the &mine, or at least whilst doing it.
of Pantelejeu, without loss of time, and to proceed Admiral TchichagotT has been requested, after
tith them against the enemy, in order thereby to , passing the river, to act against the, heads of the
gain time to destroy three bridges at the village itself, . enemy's colomns; but on the left he has three de.
over the river Seiwig. ; met the enemy's advanced tachments of our partizans, to prevent his foraging
guard, consisting of some squadrons of cavalry, !and watch his motions. The main army, mean-.
about fourteen cents from the Tillage of Selsvig: ; while continues its march straight forward to the
they attacked my Cossacks with great itnpetuo- 'town of Beresina, partly to prevent the enemy from
city, in expectation of reaching the bridges be- stretching to the left, and partly because that sutk-
ilre they were destroyed, but they were totally cieut provisions for the army are only to be pro-
destroyed by the time that they were, within only cured on that road.
I
one werst of the river. In the course of the night

The Russian Army of Reserve, which was anew.
bled at Nischnei-Newogorod, under General Count
Tolstoy, has received orders to march forwards,
and direct its route towards the South-east part of
Poland. Particular Bulletins will be given of then
warlike operations.

I received information that another of my parties ' MOM TUE same To TUE SAUD, DATED DEAD..
had likewise destroyed the bridge at Swaselikewitchi, QUAUI Ens, AT DEUGLOJEI TUE ffiTlt 07 140..
7ni that two hours after it Mab burnt, a strong dc- TEMMEIt.
t idlillent of the enemy's cavalry from Isabeien had The general plan of Operationns laid down by the
arrived at the village of Swaschkwitschl. After pass- I Emperor, is strictly followed. Admiral Tchi-
lag the night in the village of Selnig, and at a very , chigoe*, whose van-guard-has totally defeated Gen.l
t--nall distance from the enemy, I found early in the i Dombrowski, arrived on the 21st, together with
laorniug of the 28th (eth Nov.) that he had not 1 General Count Langeron's corps, at the town of
only desisted from waking any attempt on me, ! Borissow.
hut that be had even retired on Wolkowisk, to I By a report from Couot Platoff, just come teland,
:'rich he was no doubt induced by the offer. i ice learn, that Count Wittgenstein arrived at the town
'lre ceeratioas of General Sacken against the ,of Baran, on the 25th November. The van-guard of
...,4:n body of the Austrian army. Jest as I was' the main army, under General Miloradowitsch, is
!'eparing to follow the enemy, I received direction : this day in the town of Bobr. The Cossacks, under
from the Commander-in-Chief, at Polanka, to go General Platoff, are at Krnpky, and have likewise
from Deretschin, through Dsneaol, on Nowogrodsk, ' taken possession of some places to the left of the
:0 observe the enemy along the Niemen, and then high road, to watch the enemy's motions. To-mor-
c-nceed further, according to my first destination.— row the head-quarters will arrive at the town of
From Nowpgredels, which place I reached by forced Sleliwaltl, which lays 011 the road between Bobr end
marches, malting ten German miles and upwards Beresina.
every day ; I undertook my venturesome expedi-j
tion, at the very time when there were strong de- ! Ifteur ef ti-
tachments of the enemy in Delis'', Nikolojew, fining Addr
I idy, Woloshia, Rakow, and Radosck-kowitseciti ; to to the
and the whole corps of General Dombrowski, Though Br
was to the right, in Stolpry and Koidanovr.— of adulat.
I crossed the Niemen, near to Kolodesna, by swim- 'fie the dt
Ming, and took pry route through Nalibnke and Ka. iny. In
er:a to hems. In both the last-mentioned vit.) to diet
Nee I found an enemy's hospital, in which there.! of that
were 800 sick, under the protection of 100 men.— market,
The importance of my object, and my distance from' which
the army, would not allow of my sending these lei- ,od ser,
1 WO
Boners off to the army, or to encumber my liiisik-
""t with the transporting them, and I therefor* lOC
*entente(' my kat t
self with destroying their arms cud am-
munition, and of carrying away their horses, of Nese
which I hare, in the whole course of the ex- 1..
Peditieu) taken several hundreds which the 0- /aft
s

den and une*Wited apfieltrOnet4". tot wilt isconnected with the Emperor of
gave me an opportunity: When I approached will no doubt be sanctionikl by him.
great road; at about two German miles from lice Yrom the manner in which the present affairs of
Tillage of Dubrowo, I seised a French piquet of Europe are conducted, there appears to -be among
cavalry, consisting of 20 cuirassier and dragoon, the different Governments a contest for absolute do-
whom I permitted to depart, after taking their honey minion, and the people seem destined torpidly to
and destroying their arms." I become the prize. Important, indeed, as would
[The report, which is very detailed, states Isis t every proposition be, tending to give freedom and re-
having reached Admiral Tchtsingoff, after over-. pose to the bleeding nations of Europa, yet we can
coming great difficulties, and praises his oSeen and scarcely entertain a hope of obtaining so desirable an
soldiers.] I object, while the magic spell of despotic power remains
unbroken; while the" rights of conquest," and the
" divine rights of Kings," are used, as conjurors
use cabalistic words, only to fascinate and deceive
the people, in order more effectually to reduce them
to a state of unconditional submission, which,
in other words, is to " have nothing to do with
the laws but to obey them." At the present moment
the Governments of Europe appear to be conducted
upon the unprincipled maxim of MunsAvat.—that
" power constitutes right;" and under the influence
of that pernicious doctrine, the people are becoming
as completely at disposal of their Governors, as
if they were a mere herd of cattle, whose keepers
afforded them protection from others only with a
dew to make them the more securely their own pro-
perty. It would be absurd to reason on such a prin-
ciple, only with a view to expose the consequences
which daily result from the practile of it-
It is an aalom founded on the nature and princi-
ples of civil liberty, that no nation or community has
a right to have any power over the property or legis-
lation of another, that is not incorporated with it
by a just and adequate representation; when Govern-
ments derive their power from any source independent
of the voice or controul of the people every step they
rise in supremacy precipitates their subjects one step
deeper into slavery. Government is only a trust,
and all its powers a deligation from the people in
whom the omnipotence of power alone can originate;
and when nations, in consequence of their tame-
ness or folly, surrender np their liberties, or the
right of legislating for themselves to a despot, or
any set of men, assuming that arbitrary power,
such a resignation being inconsistent with the un-
alienable rights of human nature, is an usurpation.
There can likewise be no hereditary right but
what is derived from the laws made by the
people, which, being changeable, according to the
nature of all Constitutions, succeeding genera-
tions • have the same right to niter them for
their own security, as their ancestors had to enact
them for theirs. If that be not allowed, this absur-
dity must naturally follow, that had any of our pre-
ceding Kings, or Parliaments, made an Act that their
posterity should all tie slaves, we should be left
widow& a remedy.

We have received the following irom ciiifrorritl-
pondeut at Dover : •
64 Donn, Duc.2B.—l am happy to say there is
not the least foundation fur the report respecting a
certain sloop of war, stated in my letter last night
to hate been carried into Boulogne. The Dwarf,
which arrived from oft there this morning. signaled
her so late as four last evening. The arrival of a
flag of tree from France, upon enquiry, cannot be
traced to any authentic source.

Government have rece'i►ed the ntlicial account of
the capture of the Macedonian frigate by the United
State,. It will be published this night lu the Gtr-
scat. The Macedonian was foeght most gloriously.
The action took place on the 25th of o::tnber. It
lasted nearly two hours, when the Macedonian hav-
ing been cut to pieces, and with more than one-third
of her gallant crew killed and wounded, was under
the melancholy necessity of striking to a superior
force. The captor and her prize were left on the
15th of November, near Cape Henry, and we may
therefore presume are both safe in an American port.
—The following is a
lii', op KILL= •KO wootrate oil imam, Tllll MACIP.DONIAN.
Kilted'jb
Woonded severely
Ditto sligidly

iaT

°mein

Holmes. boatswain.
Piluothen, Mailer's Mate.
Colville, Schoolmaster.
wooNDILD.
Liesteasat Hope, severely.
lanationt Mulford, slightly.
And several Midshipmen and Masters' Mates.
The Purser of the Macedonian wai landed at
Bristol from the Benjamin on Saturday, and imme-
diately proceeded for Loudon, where he arrived late
yesterday evening.
We are estremely sorry to hear, that on beard
two of the cartels which were proceeding from the
United States to this country, a spirit of disobedi-
ence has been shown, which, we doubt, has disap-
pointed the entire abject of the voyage, and com-
(riled their return to America. This circumstance
The Moniker of the 21st instant has been re- allay explain the deficiency of intelligence from that
goarter at a time when we are most anxiously look-
ccived, containing Addresses from the Senate and
Council of State to the Elusion" on his arrival LIPS for the Repor Commerce the Committees of Foreign
la, lite dons and of on that part pf the
among his People. Though ihese Addresses are couched
, President's Sheeoh which relates to this kingdom.
in the usual terms of adulation, they will be found i had yesterday the arrival of a Brazil Mail by
tacitly to acknowledge the dreadful disasters sus- I the Princess Chnrioite, which vessel, under thdap..
tained by French army. In these effusions of i ohension of her loss -or capture, was insured last
there 1, week at 36 guineas per 1001. prem. The letters by
loyalty and attachment to their Estrutoe,
IWs opportunity are to the 6th October and they
appears an evident want of that enthusiastic ap-
inform us that the Bonne Cdayenna, richly laden•
plume which bu uniformly marked his former via isoith specie, had not arrived at Rio Janeiro from
torious returns to his capital, which 'Seine to be the I, Buenos Ayres, and that a brig had been tent from
only symptoms of discontent and sorrow, that has: the former to the Rio de la Plata, to prevent heti
been manifested for the dreadful loss and earns. mooing to Europe without autficient protection. lej
oftimermii, The. wag -wa appear singular, that the first news to the
,Bra..
amen; their friends and
idLA siddi 110 or the woe between the United States and Great
important part of the Addreesis n was transmitted by an Anterior, vestel, ant
lates to the preposition of ostow 111 produced-a strong sanution at the Portuguese
Kiso of Row; in CUM 4,sk. . Violet. NO notice, indeed, seems to WO beiliti
.
secure the at! tO- Se AM* . MOM fill,wof %garter of the, World, : , •
,
