Commons, anJ 1 never will id,
ing out of it what 1 woulk nf
lieve I an never have aay
out of the House of Commons

habit of saying when I am than. [Applause.]
lit lout% nitrnar.,. K4t.Franpis Berdatt
w napib ,a d alit I fle*rvqg no Rinitshment ;,
t ' et**, e.. imt, . .aui.of oAlintun, that all •
ate stitis ake.ag mst bimarefrom beginning to

.
end wren. .1 statect that I- thought-these was no
libel ; of course my opinion was adverse to every
proceeding that has been adopted against him—,
The House of Commons having acted as you know
they did, then ensued that scene ,of tumult *se NI
latish deplore. ,The people, as it might be expects.
ed they would,Oxpreseed their feelings as to whe,t-i:
thelloutte of Commons had done. I. think, and I
have before statist it in the House of Commons,
hat those persons who instituted the proceedings
against Sir. Francis Burdett grossly miscontlncted
themselves. They ought to have known what they
were aboot ;to, do. They ought tcy have been pre.
paredlor thoeveuta which they must have maid-
pated.e. insteed oCAlitifsv when We had passed
ihe Yodel. Obey-left quartet*, to shift• for itself—
be gem-. AS howigiolitreeeed—theit came the
case: which ,Kodtiond
.thbee fatal events it would
'mot Woe* Oa now to speak of more at large.
Gentlemen, to the Magistrates of the City. of Len.
don you may trust the safety of the City,, perfect.
trammed they will not neglect every necessary
Inquiry. .Yottwtey possibly know what passed in
the House. of Commons yesterday, and what is
my opinion upon the subject of the lives which
haven bee lost. We shall pow come to the great
issue4-let it :be tried—let the privilege of the
House !of Coalitions be defined—let the Howse of
Continues be stripped of every one of their privi.
legs, (WWII ticeplegaily possess them—if they are
not neceasary• for the ,protection of the people.
s But let us net usurp and,stoetabont in the pompof
privilege we do not legaily:possesi. To able hands
will be confided the-discussion of the question, bat
illlovir me:to say one word with Respect to him, by
iwatching whose conduct I have derived so mech.
benefit—the mad to whom I always looked as the
model utpolitie,al wisdom, and in whose steps I
would.wish .to tread—l allude to what was said
iby !Mr. F,ox, that best of. public servants: as long
as my. memory lives, his sentiments will be re-
corded in it.' He said, " Let us take care that
we do not expect that which It is impossible to'
obtain." There may be circumotances, in which
the House of. Commons might also say, " you
ask fur a thing which,l4-#tb..is net possible
to. great." It is true,. that the advertisement
of . John Gale Jones ,was no obstruction to
the proceedings of the House of. Commons ;
And if it was considered a libel, it ought .to haver
been referred to a Jury to determine whether it
was so or not—but, Gentlemen, recollect, that
which ,formed ne obstruction to the. House of
Commons today, may to-morrow. I bare lived
in time when dividing with smell Minorities, I
became obnoxious to the mob. In times like
those, when persons affected to be loyal, when
they were actuated by what was miscalled loyalty,
suppose that two Representatives who thought
differently, had had their names put up, with a
view to obstruct their passage to. the House of
Comm*...,, in that case I think they would have
had a right to, complain to 'the House of Coin.
nionsuf such an outrage, and vindicate themselves
by an appeal to the privileges or the loose.
Therefore, though the conduct of Gale Jones was
nu obstruction to the House of Common; to-day,
a similar conduct might ha to-georrow.- Every
act of the kind must undoubtedly stand on its own
legs. Shew me the day :sad time on which it is
done, and then I will tell you whether it is a case
of privilege. ,It would. be impossible on such a
subject to draw a precise definite line. Now,
Gentlemen, having said so much, I implore your
pardon, but this is a crisis in which the public
mind is much agitated,. and I always wish that
my voice should go to the ear of every candid
man, in order that I may be connoted if I am
wrong, for I think one of the greatest things to
be desired, is to have my opinion canvassed .fur
the perpose of my weighing .my opinions over
I again, and seeing whether, I 4111 right or wrung,
Perhaps my anxiety to pour forth my soul in such
a Meeting as this isonicy: have led me beyond the
usual line ; but, Gentlemen, I must reflect that
I am entrusted not by any particular person, or '
for any small utimbeelof men, but that I am re.
Wilted by the right of election for An extensive
,population—that I have ,n‘k interest or ever had
in soy, Borough, but that :I spring directly from
the people, and look to the people for support—
I know that the,constitutional liberty of England,
whatever we. may think of aneientliherty, is the
purest that cm existed—thisessuothiug in
the ancient wield to be coulpared .ttiith it ; that
Lacedenoughtit, Aternen, or *theniaw.liberty fell
far short of.kritish constitutional liberty, under
which every man has.. the same chticnium-we who
represent them. At ancient days, !o!..1 know that
ineo foughLand bled to -assert. their liberty, but
we are told, that under the dovainiop of that li-
berty., a large portipn of the. people writ) con-
signed to domestic slavery. Ucider• the constitu-
tion of this cuuutry no such thing can exist ; we
have consequently more to .fight, and contend far
than any uatiou
ssince the beginning of the, world.
It is true our cuitstitutionaliiberty has. heat much
impaired and neglected ; oor sCoestit!ttionel , Li.
berty has not at different times Attee mated with
the vigour the People have Misplayed on, some oc-
casions. I BELIEVE rig, R.l FownivglON
Of THE ROUSE OF COMMONS.MAS, NOT
oNLy agq.oo.-..pmcgss Jily, otrr IS
\.EQVND. Tq 13E. precos * i.:. OK. pa.
A,
CESSITY. HAS BEWeit UPI 4, mogE
ApeAatlNT EvERI:44II; A spri.friend
, to the Rawl° oCtiiP,RaPritadOtti4lt:i :g Aesc.4ll-
- wayi been, awl shall- be tin iciiiitectfOr ociPl-
- xplgt GHA.144r44T.41/414-
Ea OF s(NEcugEs THAA ii,APIi ti
kit
I WEN AI3IsIiED.3 pIarTILOMPAiVQT
, WAY latimisavaro4p4;;
tow. 4,441,14mEair::,0_, Mg-
-14. .NAT, SINKEUIRS,ifVEN.
MIA t, AticHisH.E4PriPit
THOSE(M WHO AHP: INTE;

4.0 W,
'PK*XI

AL'


MAN.

MAY SAY 6 NO,' THE PEOPLE
1" AYE,' IN A VOICE SO DE-
ED, THAT IT WILL BECOME
'WERFUL, AND SINECURES
MUST. Blir• ABOLISHED. Some there are
the,.—whater,or !heir opinions may be, know
at tho washes 4f. the people must be grant-
'Andlilsofe wjit; now rosist, must fall in with an
It as isnjontant to your purse, as it is to your
• •Thesubjeetwoust. be again brought for-

Ferd.,LeTen if Parltainimtfiltould not be reformed.
Then, upon the question of the Reform of P.alia.
meld, if the People will express • Aye,' in a firm
antt.detettniiied tune, thofriends of Parliamentary
Reform must be successfel.; and though all who
ere here may not see a Reformed Parliament, it is
an `vent which must take place. I trust I may
limpttoLaee the day,, and that the period will arrive
when I-May say to the Livery of• London, "We
have now got the experiment ; let us try ft."—
Gentlenlen,l return you, my sincere thanks, and
drink :your healtini.•[lncessont bursts of ap.
lause.]
After the CHAIRM4tN'had, given the health
" Sir Siiiieet 'ltoielly,4 -Whom he described
ihrte steadi iiipPertetk4f the 'Laws and Liberty
of England, which ilia beccivbd nith the warmest
marl of esteem and elijitebatiOn., he proposed
The freatth of Mr. ilfAltDtt, the stestay opposer of ear-
-1 ruptiou and abuses and may every man who, like him, hag
the courage aud bonny to eacoontar difficulty, danger, and
caiumay, -lei the cause cc tbe,peoelF, be Mr MV18,4
support.
Mr. WARDLE rose to return Ms s Witle
tiniCA"'
no leis zeal, thougli,-ha said, with lintels 'less
ability 'than by those who preceded him._ Be wail
particularly gratified at being thus distingteished‘
on the Anniversary of the, day en which he had
been first introduced to their notice. • Since their
period he hoped his' conduct hadmet their ap..
probation—indeed, the pretest distinction *attend,
ugly assured hint it had. [Applisisseo]. It wined•
be hereafter au encouragetnent tea Mat to matinee
his onpOsition to corruption. :Theyikad indeed
uniformly supported him,nand terse `to thank
them from his heart for .4ohiperi at se eirne when
he bad made many andrpoweskil enemies by his
exertions in their behalf. =At thlittimi."their arm
alone could have serest huh; and with such a. re.
collection ou his mindilemu impessible-heedeld
ever in ten ti ona Ily e rr. [ATlusate]. He had brew it.
ly said -in the. House of Coes:now (cerreptvdia::
gracefully cbrrupt as -it seas)p•that byoproper.
economy, TEN MILLIONIikaANNUAgIaLY
MIGHT BE SAVED
TRY. For this asaestieo...iknowesktebiumol ;•
but immediately after, n.Gentletelevetilatersed in
all the tricks of ollce.n.welinweett belottlarmoney
of -the country was squandered (for his part he
only knew.how- it. was/ taken' from the pobkets
of the people), [Hear, !wail) came format*
and declared, THAI.' UNLESS T WEtillEY MILE
LIONS WERE SAVED,-.THE• COUNTRY
MUST BECOME .BANKRUPTI Yet .he
(Mr. Wardle) was called a Jacobite fur.proposiag
a saving of 10 millions:, • Of one. thing he 'was
sure, and that was, • THAT THE 'PEOPLE
OUGHT NOT TO BB ROBBED AS THEY
WERE. [Loud cheers]. He wished to ad.
wort to one point of the subject of Privilegia
which seemed to have escaped, obsesvatioti,
and that was, the right of committal for libel.
He was a little disappointed, to find that his Has
nourable Friend (if he would allow him to us,
that term) had omitted to state one disadvantage
of thodoctrine, of the House of Commons having
the privilege of sending a person to prison fur any
thing. they deemed a libel against them. This
might be exercised against the people, but never
could be • exercised in their favour....He should
not, however, pursue- that. farther at. present.—
[Lend upplauses.), He concluded with expressing
his satisfaction, that his conduct since -that day
twelvemonth, when he had the honour of such ix.
flattering reception in that room, had met the.ap.
probation iof the Liveiy of London ; to prove.
himielfa 'deserving Member of which 'should ewer
be among the first objects of his ambition. [11.4.
veriatand iong.coutinued plaudits.] .IYJgai
The health 'of Byng and the indepens
dent Electors of Middlesex" being toaltedt sc.oti .
MN syNG, rose, and after *relenting lint) kiC
declaredythat the only honour to which beeilled'
ever aSpieati in his whole political life wait &IWO
deserving-AN approbation of his-- fellOwticieszenit.
Indeed, it wasalwaya.his conviction,. shat iktii
sought any other hotswar—had he Maki:4.l44AV'
honours . from the...Growpi, aimhoa: putranitosmeilt•
have interfCre4l(4l6l4444"P"lalMl=Z___._.
Feeling that hia..altentiatt' listelomerik
from the peopi4 ha. mm. eredd4.o4llllBralliffti
occasion where he 'had. the liismemnbeanqitilliMea,
that he had net uttended,toitheminiesjeWore
character and conduct of hint Al ell t isdhuisie- dead
.(Me. Whitbread) latt I.ttatictiseittotsti tedium Abe.
highest testimony of respAtt- eudt.thigovdt.O4Vith
him he had acted for thalast'2oyearsomedibe.vres
.fiaify convinced thilt,he Mas;utiw the Meat: eligible";
leader to follow. ForAileself ere nualtruedy.. to.
declare his dispositionito follow Itimr,%;l4ito hair;
be would always endeavour. tp .prore SisteillielP
advocate for the rights wsd

and a steady opponent tip Ate. ottriosetioevesid
abuses of the. State. ••••
. Alr. WHITRILEAD irbee.-witislakpatieSsea,tce
do that which he WAS SUM they-***lollll44l4l4tittat
to do, namely, to propose tho-itool44':of their
worthy Chairmen.. Re *45 a titilosisbelgs of
what iedependence sod. integkitb .11eillettte •igato
talents and judgment, might produoor[olppiloost].
r ilea saw he was deeply seated.itvilielkihearlai;essec
1-he.wished he could also see him seated ii*Jabatiseld
been.deseribed aka per, bud liemec[lckud,,imrypli-
ter]; bocuese be wished to bail aptiaatiriswitt.
mat as possible its it.. [Heart ;,latmeil :11e-stew
begged lave taeaplain b s mosaissigios4lososorsioo
she right of the Howse of CoromoslorQ.lllMilii get
Ls libel. . ',fated that tura suers goy. ei4sl 4154
Courawol *he French Itutulutiun)a !huts lien
.4he Member*, of a small miuerify io:4ho !louse
of Coomons, struggling for the liberty and hot
interest, of the countty, were often united. by
the grinieet abuse on their passage to :4114. from
the Hops, ISf .Cominons : But. suppose, et
bugh s 94ao04jkiit of the loqoiry vita die
the Duke of York, two snelt men as Mr, War.

-•.,:•••11.11.11•••• •
1.

W.,M,

a multitu
----....-
tile and Mr. Waldman, were he in that ..
in which he hoped one day, fur the public good. '„
see him, were interrupted in their proven t -tht-e
House of Commons in consequence of placards,
that re':
other means, would not the people allow the
7t:
House of Commons to have the privilege of cum,l -
miffing for a libel ? [Aye, exclaimed
of yokes, but that would be an obstruction,
a libel]. Yes, rejoined the 110 u. Geutlemaii °;°,,,
obstruction in consequence of a libel. Bui !
meant not to discuss a question of • this nature •°
that room, where nothing calculated to prievii:•°
discord should*e encouraged. He hoped he li'lii.
dune nothing to interrupt the harmony or
speclablo Meeting. [if loud cry of No! no]
But if he had been so unfortunate, he knew how
to restore it. He would therefore conclude with
giving the health of their Worthy Chairman.
Mr. WA ITEIMAN expressed his gratitude to
the Meeting. Ile felt the many distiuguishedmarks
of attention with which he had been favoured b
his fellow-citizens. But nothing could he inure
flattering than the high station in which they Li
that day placed him, and the honour they kid
just conferred upon him. The cause, however
to which he had to attribute this distinetiee'
was still more grateful to his feelings. ft
-1 per:..
suing that cause die had no doubt of deserving
continuance of their esteem. But i 1 n order ti,
insure the triumph of that eause,he exhorted the Li.
very to persevere in this description of meeting...lu
repeat it annually. By such means the friends of
' public liberty would know each other, and becom4
• connected ; they would be enabled to act is more
cegislarbiatiher against the common enemy lama.
, Ifsi THEY MIGTIT SUCCEED IN gem
ftr, 4 'AN : ADEQUATE REPRESENTA.
VON FOB. THE CITY •OF LONDON
IWiirco, COMPARING THE SENT':
WATS- OF THE PEOPLE WITH • LIE
, Voall6 OF ALL THEIR REPRESENTA.
TIV},, EXCEPTING MR,. II COMBE,
WERE, IT WAS 7 EVIDENT, .TOTALLY '
• MISREPRESENTED IN PARLIAMENT.
The Chairman concluded with proposing the
health of a Member, the conduct of whose con.•
etituents was highly honourable to their character,
wad, would, .he hoped, be imitated by the country
at large—he meant " the health of Lord COQ.
RANI. " ' This proposition. was peculiarly well
receisesle_mulatirtied Cochrane himself when he
rose to return thmtka. 1,,,i
The Noble Lord, sifter. gime prefatory oiler,
elitism, expressive of his gratitude to illiiiikatieg
for the bottourconferred upon him, sdverted to
the prisilegea el the Ilouso of Commons. What
aose.privitegal precisely-were, he would not pre.
lifitle to 'say; but he would state his decided opi.
mew, THAT IS. OUCILIT NOT TO HE
COMPETENT .TO .SUCH PRIVILEGHS
'fa .INTER,FER,E WITH ANY ACT
WITHIN THE COGNIZANCE OF THE
COMMON LAW OF THE LAND. [Jr
plauses]. • That ,tribunal was, .ii halt judgerieut,
irreconeileable with the principles of English law,
before which the accusers were not moaned. ret
path, and the Members composing which werseot
I themselves on oath. Stich having beep always his
1 conceptio, he thought it his duty, some yeast
ago, to resist the establishment of what was called
*Court of In%uiry in the Navy, where no oath
whatever was administered, and in consequence of
his resistance to that dangerous innovation, as
he considered it, ho was punished—that is, he was
sent with his ship into vi:e North Sea, to spend
four months otf the Island of Icelaud, where
they could render no service whatever to their
country. This proceeding 'appeared to him to
have some analogy to the recent conduct of the
House, who had sent one of their body, by way of
punishment fur doing his duty, to the Tower.
But what confidence could the People of Eng-
land-repose in, or what disposition could they
'feel to concede to,• that House, which claimed Ma
Privilege alluded to ? Let the people look at its
recent conduct. Of the Expeilitiou to tin:Scheldt
they approved, and so should he, if it were
properly arranged. But here he begged leave to
submit a remark or two, which he had not heard
in the House of Commons. The fact was, that
that Expedition could'nut succeed, owing te the
plan of the Mitiistoat War (Lord Castlereagh),
to whose arrangement.itifailure eras wholly attri.
Istittilifit' ?pains icwnld be so absurd as the or-
der to ' ilttly3he'llimprs of the army to take
-Fleshincini. other...places, If it were warn
.by the enemy 'to capture or destroy a fleet
lying Off. Pitney would not they he cos,
eidered as blockheads it . they stopped ia their
)irogross up the river, until they took Sheer.
-Weirs, Tilbury Fort, Gravesend, and oven the
Tower.. Yet • the order of proceeding epos
'the "late ExPedition was not less preposkiv
Otis. hone then could it succeed) What vas
to be thought of thotwerho could order our aien
of war and fripitieS) to proceed slowly ga..#o,
`Scheidt, so 41111i3 lobo attacked from the beach 11
411176allifY; so en tiCfb‘cifiUll,4 to dalmatian Os
- employfdt
eithip

wilah I
moult ~yrte 'W.Vilklitti .their b
properly
the itutcoos: hair !ow kostrl - Be( the whole con.
'trivanre:At Citysiblei itf .51 undering. The object
of the Eapeilitimt he thought perfectly attain-
altlico.Alftitherwise conducted, hu Was perseadoi
that 150 511jett might'hava been attained will "I'
lamps asiiiiwals4oanavalsen :40,000 min, and be
wit'teltllt'persnided'i)itit'that object. was gill
gtiOli44 wig th4:44o9ll*CotOiree. 14044 r Oi°l4l
auspices.
-The next toast givers-war, •
Afdenalin 'Ormure, 'Axe may Oaf rd'uoiirt`,_
r. head t
ide Cauw of lit terty a
rc lill4oloo. [41)4""".
Aman COM 1411; turned 'hos heartfelt
thanks. ' IFie declared he did nut think the Iluut4
of Conintut6 the ltepreseritatires' of the freldr''
[Lorsit applauscl. lie had. been.eariy in life elle
of 64 The • Friends of the.-Peuvle," and he hs
'there leatitedft lesion Ise never would forget, IP'
deed he was encouraged to hope; that heshoula Ygt
lire ft.nt the pettroipkv of that society relluetitto
PriOger:ltir ilptahlishnient st,compidi POP
en entaiy ores,. When hu lopkti round in It
io4ft he felt Ittood of hire etfi proud, that
iVilreseptat sych a body of men as he did, Gut
meeted his want of talents adequately to do th 4
(0;44 [ifrp/oufe.l

--.•••I

. „tr./.
.. .
- • -
IVATIPS '
• .t . - • '
/
itifulge myr sal.: • RESTED I
nut say in it. I befi- Wi'LL SAI
oce,siun to say 'burl tf..fiNIINI,
Ins than I am in the' ALL PO
