THE STATESMAN.

~..

lam. That was the first time his name hail been mention.
ed. How he came to mention it, I mean to swear I don't
know ; nor how he came to know Mr. Lnvesev was ac.
(I-tainted with the Charlton family. I took hack a letter
Tram Mr. Smith. in answer to the note which I carried
him. I was present when Miss Coxwell opened it. I told
al r. Smith argent soh that she said, upon reading his letter,
s' c would rot he introduced to him, unless he would be in-
troduced to her at the ball. I heard of a tradesman's ball
in Cheltenham towards the end of the month of January.—
Ntthing at all was said by my mistress to be communicated
to Mr. Smith on the subject of that hall. He told me he
was going to a trarl•sman's ball. but I
Pas not desired by
in,r mistress to carry any message from her to him on the
iiitilgeCt of the ball, nor ever conversed with her about going
there. I did not carry any request that he, would not go
there, I have seen this ring before. I gave it to Mr.
smith, and be was to return it at the ball. I
gave it as as-
-ottani., that Mies A Cozier!i would meet him at the ball
First of all he did agree to go. He begged of me to get
something of Miss A. Coated!, as assurance that she
would meet him there, and I entrested her to send her
*inc. Mr. Smith had previously asked me if my young
lady.would see him at her home; I said I thought not; he
then persuaded me to let him into the kitchen that night;
).itt I was not to let Miss Cozwell know of his coming. I
let him into the kitchen, and went up stairs, and told de-
fendant she was waisted in the kitchen. She came down
stairs, and expressed her surprise at seeing him there, and
was afterwards angry with me because I let him in. He
told the defendant in the kitchen that he would meet her at
the bail; he ss onld change his name, buy a carriage, hire
ts, anti marry her. She said if he would do that, she
would marry him. He gave me a shilling, awl told me to
come next night at 8 o'clock, and he would give me some
riband. He gave one three yards of pink riband. I took
the ring With me, when I took the first note to the plaintiff.
This was after his last resolution, that he would not •go to
the ball. No, it was when he would go, and then he would
lot; bat he wonlil come to the ioise. No, 1 had not the
ring when I took the first note; he said be would meet her
at the ball, if she sent bim a pledge.
(Ibis witness, who was very adverse to the plaintiff, was
repeatedly called to order by the Judge, who asked her if
she took the ring at the time, or after the firat letter.)
Witness continued,-1 did not take the tang till after I
delivered the note about the ball; I did receive the pink ri-
'bands; my young lady.did not say en what occasion I was
to wear it—nothingabout the Martiage. I told Mr. Smith
be might whit my mistress again in. two nights after; my
mistress told me to say so; my mistress consented to my
entreaty. On the second visit io the kitchen, I was present
all the time, and Mr. Smith said lie would change Isis name
and doall he bad promised ; she said she would marry him
if he did so before her mother discovered it. I cant say
bow old Miss Ann Coxwell is: I Geyer heard her say she
was of that age she should do as she liked: and she had
an independence, and expectations also from her aunt Ro-
gers. 1 was to live servant. the defendant said, with them
when they were 'Tarried, and the marriage was to
take place when Mr. Smith had changed his name
and done the rest he had promised; nothing was said
shout Oxford, or travelling, on any of these visits. No time
bas fixed for marrying, but it was to be after all he had said
was done; Mr. S. asked Miss C. if she would havea miniature
likeness of him ; she said yes, if he would get one done; I
Lave seen a gold chain round her neck; this was on a
night that she was going to Lady Faulkner's ball; I recol-
lect seeing nothing else, though I dressed her on that oc-
casion ' • of this I ant possitive. The witness here said tkat
she did not recollect her pointing to a pin that was on a
cushion upon her toilet while dressing; I never gave these
particulars to Mr. Smith ; on the night of Mr. Marshall's
ball, I, at the desire of Miss Ann, told the plaintiff he
might visit her: he did visit her; I can't say what was
said, except his promising to change his name, take a
house in London, get a place under Government, hire ser.
vaunt. and buy a carriage; he said nothing about my hav-
ing her wardrobe on her marriage; I never heard her
say, if she was a servant, and had not sixpence, what she
would do as regards the plaintiff; Miss Coxwell and Mr.
Snith met four times in the kitchen ; they were five mi.
lutes together tie first time, ten minutes the second. ao
hour the third, and about ten minutes on the last occasion,
when Mrs. Coxwell, the defendant's mother, came accident-
ally into the kitchen and saw Mr. Smith. About an hour
before that meeting I had been at Mr. Smith's shop. He
called me in. It was dark, but be was at the door. He
ripeated the same words as before. While they were talk-
ing, Mrs. Cox well came in—he was standing up by the
door, Miss Cowell by tile fire; the door is as far as pos-
sible from the fire. 1 have no recollection wbat they were
saying at that moment.
Mr. Justice PARK asked if the witness was sure the whole
courtship consisted of nothing but the expressions respect-
ing the con.liti, ns of the marriage. The witness boldly
answered that abe beard nothing mere. She then pro-
c•eded
On Mrs. Coxwell's appearance, she asked who Mr.
Smith was, and told him to go away and never come to the
house again. The next evening I took bim a message from
Miss COXlvell, that she was now determined not to have him,
as the discovery had taken place, and she was glad he had
sacrificed nothing for her sake. This was the last message
1 ever carried. I took no other message at all. This hair
(a lock of hair was produced) I took a week after Mr.
Smith's dismissal, but no message.
.1t is my mistress's
hair. Mr. Smith begged and entreated for it, and my mis-
tress allowed me to send it. I communicated all this to my
master, and lam still in my place. He bas another elder
daughter.
Cross-examined by Mr. JERTIS.—My mistress sent no mes-
sage when the vinegaret was sent for. He expressed his re-
gret that he had discoloured it, and said, " He wits so much
In love, and so fatigued, that he filled the Attie too full, and
discoloured the bottle." My mistress is a very nice young
lady, but she is not pretty. He said she was beautiful,and de-
sired me to till my mistress. Mr. Smith Is s very handsome
young man ; I said every thing in his praise. (Repeated
laughter.) The nest time he asked me if I had told Miss Anne
all he said of it ; I said I had. He asked me if I thought she
would marry him f I told him I was sure she would not marry
a tradesman. He replied if she would marry him he would
give up business, change his name, dm, and added, he would
give me any money If I could persuade her to marry him. He,
said he was the only tradesman in the family, and lived at a
distance from his friends for that reason. 1 told all this to my
mistress, and spoke very much of his beauty. As soon as Mrs.
Coxwell discovered the connexion, Miss Anne burned all Mr.
Smith's letters. When he first called, she was going to rag
away, bat he entreated her to come beck. After the discovery,
when I took the message to Mr. Smith, he said, " he was very
glad that he had not sacrificed any thing, and he had quite given
her up ; she had served him like Miss A week after. Its
called me into his shop, entreated me to procure a lock of Mk
as a remembrance, and he would never mention the matter
again. He west on his knees,- and crying, said he would
never mention it again. I told my mistress of this, and she
sent him the lock of hair without any message. I begged her
to have him, but she said she would not; he had not perform-
ed his promises.
By Mr. Justice PAZIL—I save my mistren, after the
discovery, a lock of Mr. Smith's hair; she received it at
first with satisfaction, but afterwards burned it. My els,
tress told me, when be first called, that she had seen him
once at the shop. The locks of hair had not been exchanr
ed before the discovery, though they were alluded to in the
letter. Though she had proposed to meet him at the balls
she was indignant at his coming to the house; for she was
so delicate that she would only be introduced to a man at a
public place.
John Greets, a lad is the service of Mr. Coxwell, and
wearing his livery, was then examined by Mr. Caoss.—He
said,l west into Mr. Coxwell's service at Michaelmas last.
1 recollect Mr. Smith's once coming to my master's ; this
was his last visit. I was present at the end of it. Miss'
Co:well's mother sad two brotben went in; I followed
•

them; I heard Miss Coxwell talking, hnt I did not heir
what she said. The brothers were speaking loud, for they
were angry. Ido not recollect what they said, nor her
answer. 1 went into the kitchen; Smith was gone; they
were talking about Smith ; I did not hear what they sal/.
The witness was then earnestly admonished to consider
his oath, and the situation in which he stout!, and the exa-
mination proceeded :
I don't know what I might say to Mr. Smith. I did tell
Mr. Smith what passed the next day. I told him truly
what passed ; I have forgotten it now, it is so long ago.
heard the brothers abusing Mr. Smith, but I did nut hear
Miss Coxwell's answer.

Mr. Justice PARK again solemnly admoniqbed the witness
tobeware how he persisted in this course; it was quite
impossible he should now have utterly forgotten what he
then told.

The examination proceeded:-
1 don't recollect whether I have bad any conversation
on the subject of my evidence. I have talked with Mr.
Owinnett, the attorney for the defendant. I told Mr. Gwin-
nett what passed • I remembered it then, and he wrote it
down. 1 have been subluanaed for the defendant. I told
Mr. liwinnett all that passed, but Mr. Smith only part. I
do not now remember what I told Mr. Gwinnett. I have
talked with my master on the subject of my evidence.
Cross-examined by Mr. Campnebte—My master never'
told me to say what was untrue. What I told Mr. Gwin-
nett was respecting a conversation between Mr. Smith and
me about Christmas. 1 went there to buy isinglass. Mr.
Smith then said to me, " What nice voting ladies the Miss
Coxwells were, and if he had 20,0001. he would throw it at
the feet of the youngest"
Mr. Justice PARK asked the age of the witness.
The witness replied that he was 17.
Mr. Justice PARK then addressed him, and told him that
be was now persuaded be could remember what he had told
Mr. Smith, and if he persisted in swearing that he could
not, he would send him to gaol. The lad, however, conti-
nued to declare his inability to remember a word.
Mr. Justice PARK then said—This is grass prevarication;
really this is the most distressing case which I have tried
for years. Let him stand committed.
The witness was then taken into custody. He did not ex-
hibit any emotion. After he was taken from the box, the WS-
eer stated that he laughed, and said '• Inn did not care for it."
Mr. Justice PARK ordered him to he taken to gaol.
Miss Esther Rogers, aunt to the defendant, said, sometime
after the 7th of February, I sew my niece. I do not recollect
giving orders in the presence of Miss Ann Coxwell, respect-
ing Mr. Smith. Ido not recollect any conversation with my
' niece in particular respecting Mr. Smith. I must have talked
with her respecting the anger of her family. I expressed my
disapprobation of what had occurred. She never told me what
was to be the end of the intercourse.

Mr. LUDLOW stated, that after what had passed, he must call
all the young lady's family. He was extremely sorry ; but he
bad no option.
HIIBUIIII Watts 4 cook to Mrs. Dobsworth, a friend of Mr.
roxwell's family, was then called, and stated, that the evening
before the discovery, Miss Coxwell said. a very rich young
nun was paying his addresses to her, and would bate her.—
She said be was a very good-looking young man. After-
wards she told me to tell her sister he was going to change
his name, and get a situation under Government. She said
nothing about " bread and water," or "a cottage," or " a
husband." She said he was going to take a place hear Lon-
don for her.

Miss Mary Coxwell, the sister of the defendant, was called.
—She said she had conversed with her sister, the defendant,
about Mr. Smith, and she told her that she would marry Mr.
Smith provided he would change his name, give up his busi-
ness, obtain a situation under Government, take a mansion iu
town, bit) a carriage, hire servants, and have plenty of money.
—(Loua laughter.)
Mr. Justice Pam In various parts of the trial, said that
no foundation had been laid f•or the action, and this witness's
evidence being closed, stated that he coo.d not find in his notes
any case to go to the Jury, as a conditional promise was no
promise whatever.
Mr. LUDLOW, Mr. Twist, and Mr. Caoss arguer; that
there was evidence to go to the Jury, who might infer from
the letters read, and the tokens of love sent by the lady, that
there had been a •• foregoLe co.tclusiuti," or an actual promise
of marriage.
Mr. Justice PARK still remained of his former expressed
opinion, and, after observing in strong terms upon the evi-
dence of the servants, and exiiresvin,t his surprise that the
reverend gentleman should keep them in his service after they
had been gritty of such impropriety, directed a nomsail.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONK O'CLOCK.
Rank Stock 2O 4i I India Stock

3 per Ct. Red.... SS I 14,11 Si Oitto Bondi 5O 57 pm.
3p. Ct. Cons 4i4ti Et. 11111.24. p ,
, 29 30 2t3s pm.
31 per Cent.— . ....... 25i 1 11NS1L N
4 per Cents... - —WU/ .. 213 31 pm.
New Fours llOllO ----Small.. 33 29 32s pm.
Long Ann. .. 21 3-14 Intirry "Pickets.. ... 14/. 14s.
Imp. 3 per Ct re? Coo. (or Acct.. &Mei

Ott ,t(i'ttit•Olitan.

FRIDAY EVENING, AUGUST• 15, Its 23.

STOCK EXCUANGR, TWELVE o'Cxeca.—Consols opened this
morning at 821 j, and went up at which price they remain
up to this hour. A private Express his arrived from Paris,
which brings the French Flouts niftier lower; about 91.

Spanish opened heroes 3le if —N w Prussia, SM—Russia,
San—Columbia, 831—French Scrip, 21.—This day is settling
day in all Foreign securities.
Ore o'C:or:K.—An Express has just arrived from Paris
bringing the French Renter at 93-30. Spanish Bonds had
got up in the above Capital to 42, but left off 4I .—Scrip it
Paris 3to I. The above rise is attributed to some kind of so
goeislion carrying on.
In consequence of the rise of French Stack our market has
also risen, particularly in Spanish Bonds, which are now at 31%

Brussels payers which have arrived this morning to the
13th instant, have brought accounts froin Constantinopleot
the 10th of July, which contain details of the truckle•
stated in our paper of Wednesday, as exercised by the Turks
in the island of Negropont, and Arno the gulph of Vole.
This provoked on the part of the Greeks& severe retaliati•is.
Fifteen Ispariot armed vessels, accompanied by above lire
barks, appeared i• the Bay of Adramit and Sandarlik,
landed some thousand men ; and returned to their ship
laden with the plunder of the town and neighbouring
villages. Soon after this event, the Turks of
Perginno, which is not far distant, fell on the Greek popu-
lation. and committed such a massacre that the Grand Sale..
nor sent a large detachment to punish the authors of thi:
sanguinary scenes, which he considered not to be excused
by the previous conduct of the Greeks. The original plan
of the Ipsariuts. according to the Austrian Observer. from
which these accounts are taken. was calculated. it is
said, on • more extensive scale. They had pretty
plainly threatened to proceed frtm► Sandarlik to

Smyrna, and to set fire to tbat city ; but the
commander of one of the European squadrons cruising there,
being informed in time of this intention, repaired in person
to Imre, and represented to the Primates that if such an
attempt should be made, all the commanders of European
ships of war would oppose it.
The Allgenteiee Zeitstar gives news from Constantinople
of the same date, in which it is stated that Count Nessel-
rode's answer to the Reis Effendi bad been received, and that
it was hoped the former relations with Russia would be re-
stored. The same paper gives a still more gloomy picture
of the events on the coast of Asia think even the above
narration from the Austrian Observer. Relating
the events at Sandarlik, it says, the Greeks proceeded in the
same manner at Mitylene. The Turks in revenge destroyed
all the Greek cotton plantations at Kirkagaz. In Negro-
pont all the open country has been laid waste by the Turks.
The accounts from Salonicbi, are equally afflicting. Ac-
cording to the Speetatewr Oriental, 24 of the Greek vil-
lages were laid waste, WOO Greeks perished, and the
women and children were carried into slavery. It is affirmed,
adds the Allegrasirse Zeit wag, that the Pacha of Adrianople,
as well as the Pacha of Scutari is at Larissa, and that they
have possession of Thermopylae. The following are ex-
tracts from the Brussels papers
LEGWORK, JULT 90.—Lard Byron arrived here on the 22d,
and sailed the next day for Zante on board the English Brig,
Hercules, Capt. Beot. He will immediately go to the Pelopon-
nesus. He has several Greeks with him, ■nd some English
officers, as well as asamunitioo, and 70,000 plasters for the
Greeks.

The King of Naples expected here to-morrow, to embark
on board the Neapolitan squadron, which is waiting to convey
him home.

06/101. JULY 30.—Travellers from Rome alarm, that not-
withstanding the public declaration of some physicians, the
greatest apprehensions were excited by the state of the Pope's
health, and that very little hope remains of his recovery.

The French succeed tolerably well in the business of
corrupting Spanish Generals. Ballasteros has followed
Morillo, as Morillo followed d'Abisbal; and Ballasteros
may yet have successors ; but it would be invidious to name
individuals, though the French do not scruple to add Zayas
to the list. Luckily, the character of the war renders these
matters almost indifferent, as to the question of its result.
The Spanish have nothing which can be called as army, in
the military acceptation of the phrase, and therefore gesse-
rats are of no great consequence; and particularly such
generals as d'Abisbal, Morino, and Ballasteros, who are
not at all calculated for the partisan warfare on which
the safety of Spain depends. The pertinacity with
which the French endeavour to open negotiations,
proves sufficiently that they set no great value upon
the potency of their gold, in the bribery of general officers.
What their friends boast of, as au evidence of their sac-
eras, they feel is of little consequence to the result; and
they are anxious to get the contest terminated, before the
Spaniards shall ascertain hew very feeble they are, com-
pared with the tall[ they have undertaken. If the French
would only make the experiment of abandoning a position
Or two, they would amply satisfy their admirers what hold
they possess upon the feeling of the Spaniards; and how
long the enthusiasm for Ferdinand would remain triumph-
ant. It is laughable to read the whimsical style in which
the Cortes are spoken of by those who feel that the fate of
Spain and Ferdinand, is in their hands. It is
known that the rebel Regency has no authority in
Spain, but is dispersed and hated on all hands,
and even by its authors, the French. Ferdinand
bas no power, and the Sovereign power is divided between
the Cortes, the Constitutionalists, and the French army.
Yet the new Times says—" When we speak of negocia-
" tions,we must not he supposed to intimate that the individu-
.l ah who keep the King ■ prisoner, can be treated with as a
" Sovereign power. They however may, or
" make such stipulations as they think necessary for their
0. personal securities ; and whatever promises are mode to
" them will no doubt be religiously performed. The com-
plete confirmation of the submission of Rallasteros leaves
" the Revolutionists not a chance of success." Here is a
degree of folly in this language which nullifies its political
wickedness, if the Cortes are only a band of usurpers,
with no authority to negotiate, they cannot suppose any
faith will be kept with them ;—and if they are not treated
with as possessed of sovereign authority, a treaty with them
could contain no security for them. The "promises" of the
French army would be annulled by Ferdinand.who would, of
course, declare he was no party to the negotiation, and the
Cortes would be punished as traitors ; which, indeed, they
a ould deserve, if they negociated for themselves, instead of
defending the national indeperdecice to the last moment.
71204 safety consists only in the freedom of Spain. The
repeated perjuries of the Kings of Naples and Portugal,
will teach them the full value of a Royal oath ;—and as for
any reliance on the pledge of the French General, that
could only avail them while a French army remained in
Spain ; and then their personal security would depend upon
the continued scourge of their country. The events that
have occurred, have a tendency to encrease the French
funds, because the real nature of the contest is very little
understood either in Lon•lon or Paris; and the gamblers
take care to put all their chances in the most favourable
light. The defection of a Spanish General sounds well on
the Parisian Exchange; bat we shall care but little for
Mselt matters, while the soldiers remain attached to the Con-
stitution. If the Spanish soldiers were such weathercos Its as
the Portuguese army has proved itself, we should have no
hopes of the Spanish cause; but we remember that the Spa-
nish Revolution was the work of the army headed by alew
officers of very little rank; while the Portuguese Revolu-
tion was the work of a few leaders who were as easily biassed
tootle side as the other, by their own paltry interest.—
This accounts for the different features of Ste two Revolts-
' ions ; but we have reason to believe the Portuguese army
is so little satisfied with being made the tool and dope ofall
parties, that it is not unlikely they try their skill upon

- "W 1
Revelation of tbeirown; in which they will take care

the King shall not betray them a second time. Such an
event as a real Revolution in Portugal, would speedily dr.
tide the fate of the invaders of Spain ; but Spain has yet
innumerable resources, and ancalculated weans of defence,
—if she remain tree to herself, and faithful to the love of
liberty.

Ballasteros bas engaged to " issue orders to the Gover-
" non of Carthagena, Alicant, Pampeluna, St. Sebastian.
" Peniscola, Los Penos de St. Pedro, ?dozen, and Venasque,
"to recognize the rebel Regency!" We know he can call
spirits from the vasty deep—but will they come?
The fall of Barcelona is anticipated, because they have
only provisions fore month! The French, then. do not
venture to hope for any other means of capturing it, than
by starvation, upon their own statement; and yet they
say the soldiers are very desirous that it should submit!
This is news, certainly; but for the truth of it we shall say
nothing.

If it were worth while to notice the contemptible tricks
with which the Ultras of England attempt to bolster up
the cause of the French in Spain, a " private correspond-
ent" of the New Times of this morning, in a letter pretend-
ing to be from Soria, in Old Castile, but which bears a
strong likeness to certain documents fabricated heretofore

in Fleet-street—affords ample opportunities for Illustration.
For instance, he says, " the feeling, or I should more pro-
" perly say, the enthusiasm in favour of the King's party
" is so great that I could not have believed it." Nobody
else will now, even upon this assertion ! Again—" French-
" men have travelled singly over many leagues of the
" coontry,lat great distances from their armies." What
asses they must be, to make such experiments! Again—
" One of the most decided proofs that I can give you
" of the opinion of the people is thig, tba: under the
" reign of the Constitution not a single volunteer offered
" in these small towns ; wh he number of volun-
" teers offering now in favour of the King's cause is
" nearly equal to the number of men capable of bearing
" arms." Where has this loyalty been hid be-
fore ? Under a bushel in the New Times office
to be produced when occasion may serve ?" Again—
" The cry of the people is for the Old Government. They
" say, they are sick of what is called Reform, and only wish
"to live happily, as their fathers did before them." A very
moderate degree of happiness, indeed, will content them ;
and Ferdinand must be a worthless churl if he would not
gratify such reasonable creatures in the wish to be happily
naked, happily ignorant, happily destitute of all the means
of happiness ; and happily blessed with the horrible cruel-
ties of a Hely Inquisition!

A tolerably well written letter from Bayonne admits that
Cadiz is provisiooed for three months, and is in a respect.
ahle state of defence. With the usual affectailon of the
French wrl'ers to know every thing, it says "the garrison
"consists of 6000 troops of the line, and 8000 militia.
"half of whom are resolved to fight, and a civic guard
"of 55,000." How the resolutions of 8000 militia
shut up in Cadiz should be so accurately known in Bayonne,
is left unexplained. The determination of the Corms to
resist as long as it is possible is admitted: and
it is indirectly stated that the want of the co-ope-
ration of the Portuguese with the French and the
Spanish Royali•ta is to be attributed " to the delay of the
settlement of the new Government at Lisbon." The
state of Madrid since the departure of the French, is
gloomily described; and, it is added, that so small a band
as 150 Constitutional Cavalry bas created greet alarm in
the province, and even in the Spanish Capitai.

EXTRACT OP A LETTER IFRODI MADRID, JOLT 31.—1
think there is some chance of matters being arrsniEed be-
tween the Duke d'ANoouLama and the people of Cadiz.
I have reason to know that there is a disposition to accom
modation on both sides.

On passing through here with despatches, Mr. Ward
reported " that the British frigate which entered Cadix
went for the pnepose of c .nveying away all those of the
Constitutional party who might wish it; but the Ministers
declined the offer, saying, that they all to a man would
live or die with the Constitution. The King was not suf-
fered to be seen—he has teen removed from the Hospital
again to the Cestotn•bouse which is tooth-proof. 4,enoral
Bordesoulle was extremely enraged nt the breaking of the
blockade, and the frigate's entrance, and scat word to the
Admiral that he ought to hare sunk her—it is not unlikely
that the opportunity may he again off-red to him.
The arrests here continue—a greater n trailer were t .ken
up last night than for many preceding days. lam credibly
informed that during the present month of July, upwards
of 700 respectable persons have been imprisoned in the pri-
sons De la Corte and De la Corona, No reason whatever
is assigned—it would seem the Soperinten,l4nt•tieneral of
Police (a new brands of Administration in Madrid intro-
duced by the French), thinks be has no other slaty to per-
form—probably the extortion of money may be the se,•ret
olject. as the new men in offs-e are extremely needy. The
unfortunates deprived of their liberty are all. persons of
good circumstances, and many very rich.
It is reported, but I don't know how exact, that the
French lost 700 men in their late attempts on Corunna.
Private accounts from Paris confidently state that a nego-
dation is pending between the tortes and the French.
The Duke Angouleme, on the 22.1 or 24th instant, will
have assembled his forces, which are reckoned at 40,000.
before Cadiz, and it is believed that he will propose a Con-
stitution fur Spain under the sanction and guarantee of
England.
" PRINCII4B OLive OF etiIIIIFIRLANO."--4 Meeting was
held yesterday, at the Freemasons"favern, Great Queen
Street, to promote a subscription in behalf of the lady wbo
styles herself " Princess Olive of Cumberland." Sir
Berard Noel, who presided, opened the business of the day.
Dr. Tucker, (of Ashburton,) the legal adviser of the lady,
next came forward, and at considerable length supported
her claims to the title and pretensions she assumes. Mr.
Houhell, (attorney at law,) followed on the same side.
Mr. Ex-Sheriff Parkins declared his doubts as to the lady's
and Mr. Henry Hunt expressed his opinion that they
were well founded. After some other gentlemen had
spoken, the subscription was proposed,and Sir Berard I%oel
declared be would subscribe 201.1 Mr. Ex-Sheriff Parkins
said he would gives/. as to a lady in distress; and Mr. Hunt
said he would give 51. to the injured Princess of Comber-
land. One pound- ono shilling more fere collected from
the rest of the company. and, soon after, Sir Berard Noel
rose and dissolved the meeting. The meeting was not net.
mensuily attended.

d

Tot
bis

is m
tin
ral I

Th
eligil
the ri
Prot
blies

The
are lei

bless t
ingly
Hied
The C
of Lis
the Rc
in an
by M
Hera

Nsw
way be
tion to
by Sir ,
--The
childrm
19,000 1

sceopy
(*glary
cattle,
employ!

TheA
held au
ray
ik. WI 1

•
...
..., . •
I .
•4111,
•
.
.--
, -... _ _ -
4D.,
- - - - • .....__
__.
. .
•• - ..- -
. .
