Ter. Kl%O V. WINIERItOTHAM AND WRITTAKFR•
—Thew prisonrr4 were intliateJ far rioting' at Ohl-
halo, and assatiltinK the sult.lier. ten the followinif JAY,
the _:oth of .Vpril. Their trial was in /Korea• whet;
the act-km:it of the pb•reeslines real digan:bed.

CuNsPIR.IC) Tu .INRDER MK REF. SIB MIR-

CUL RT LEES. nAnT.

(Enos cAltnicit's Noviasn rost.)

The conspiraey to murder this Reverend lientleman,
i‘ now developed in all its extent He the trial of the
aeen‘ed. They hare been acqnitted ! lint the mat-
ter Cannot. we should suppose. rest here. l'his af-
fair most not be permitted to pass away without sorb
an investigation as will lead to the detection of the
parties who are really gul:tr. The following abstract
of the trial of the alleged Ontspimtors is copied from
the Neve!, Telegraph. We expect to obtain a inure
full report :

AION.IGIIAN ‘antzrs—Ji ?O.

Edward Shown, Thomas Muckeins„ and Patriel;
',Marren, trete charged with a conspiracy to murder
the Rev. Sir Harcourt Lees, Bart.
Sir Harcourt Lees strotn—`lays he is Rector of the
Parish of Kilbiny lives partly in his Glebe-House,
told-way between Artier and Castlehlaney. Came last
to reside there abunt the end of Jatittarc last.
Cross-examined by Mr. Scrivm—Says Marten, the
prisoner, has an excellent diameter.
John Milton, a soldier, sworn—Says he was in a
puldir house, in Carrick, on the I 7th of February
last, and rut three nag4ins of whiskey, and went nut.
Wittics. came in again on the evening of the Sstale day :
saw five persons there, who were talking in Irish: af-
- tern-arils they began talking in English : knows the
prisoners tat lie three of the five ; Mtickeins said, Sir
Harcourt Lees was a had man, and sent a bad
character of the Roman Catholics to Dublin; and
said, if he had hint here he should tat see morning.
fir, tlit• prisoner, said likewise, that he would lie
d----;tut wt.uld shoot Filtrate and Sir Ilarrutat
Lees, fur they were not worthy to live.
Andrew MtKittrieli, landlord, sworn—Says, when
last witness was in his I se on that day, he was lying
in a turf corner, trite inespable of hearing any dis-
course that was going on.
John Milton, a soldier, cross-examined by Mr.
Scar. r v.—Were von in. this 11101!1.‘ house on the 17th
of rehrtuiry ? I was, pill von se,- this loan,
in his horse that day? No, Sir, 1 dill not. Did
you 211.! see Lint in the room ivbere you were lyinf lan
the ltlrr: No, Sir, I slid not ; fn• it was the servae.t
maid that brought in the three naggins that we want-
ed. Not Built-.

~or~-~

-..►_ ~. f

THE STATESMAN•

looked, The Agents of the LAW Officers, we have
jbeen informed, were lituoy yesterday in different parts
of tire town, in collecting copies of the several recent
publications that ate offensive to Government, for the'
0 purpose of protliwing them in court in the pro-
: ceedines contemplated. If they pursue the work in
the way they hive begun, they will doubtless find
abonlanre of lonsiness ; for the measures of their
masters have aroused so.els feelings through the
country, that the expressions of resentment are both
general and strong. To :oppose that Englishmen
can be aggrieved without complaining ; that they
can sailer front the burtheus of increased taxation
at a time their resources are failing : that their
petitions for redress, for retrenchment and reform,
could he answered by abridgements of their stens-
tooled liheilies, and by the infli.ttions of legal
rigour. or the threats of military controul ; to sup-
pose, that, 6orget.ting their general and individual
grievances, they could witness, nnmoved, the saute
violation of poblic rights, the same disregard to con-
atitntional forms, and the same odious spirit of mean
and erne( persecution directed against the person of
a 14reeN, iu whose forteter-staerings they hail sym-
pathised, and in the former triumphs of whose inno-
cence they 11:111 heartily rejoiced; to suppose that
Englishmen could see and feel all this, and that their
langnage should not express the in of their
hearts, is to conceive a state of mental slavery to
which, letterer be the aims or the dreams of des-
potism, the slant anti independent breasts of Britons,
can never be brootaht to submit. To canvass the
spirit an I the measures of a tioverument which
is established in their name, which is supported
L y their energy and industry, and which owes
to th.tat as much solicitude and regard as it
requires from respect and allegian..e, is a pri-.
vilege of whirl, an Englishman has been ac-
ensionied to hoist, and in the exercise of which
I. must rontitme to indulge. if the measures of
their Government he good, there Is little danger of
the privilege Leine abused. There is such a fund of
go pi wise and Lound feelings in the minds of the
state of business, a:nl likewise to some sales hay-
people of England, that wanton and uttwar-
, rautalde itt•otlts to-x.trolot their rulers would
is. ver need•the frowns of Government to put them out
of countenance. It is nut difficult to prevent the tio-
' wernment fr bring brought ititu contempt. The
conduct of the people tuwards the Quees *hews how
re.olily they are di,ptteti to respect the great. Let
line Rulers shew regard fur the British people, they
turd utter fr.tr the FleAlootu of the British Press.

Ha& the singular revolution, which has astonished
mankind, been confined to Spain, there would have been
room for political sophists to dispute the grand m•pral
lesson 1111111.:.•ed. They mould have ascribed it to the
p e4ine circinustames of the nation ; for they have
in every emergency some cant word, to cover their
blunders, and often down the mischievous character
of their favourite pulley. The example of Naples has
taken away this pretext : but that it will teach them
to avoid the pernicious errors, which huge proved fatal
in both states to the minions of arbitrary power, we
greatly inestion. 'Envy will continue to recommend,
as heretofore, IlllColleedillg rues gy AS the best safe-
guard of Thrones. They will insist on the ne..essity
of meeting the compl,ints air remonstrances of the
people, by false pro-oises or downright force. 1 hey
will resist the most necessary improvement as a dan-
gerous innovation ; and whilst they are piling round
themselves and their system all the materials of human
discontent, they will gratify their lust of wealth mud
power with a violence exactly equal to the perilous
ekettnistances of their situation. They will in secret
laugh a: the exhortations of the wise ; and repel, by
a sarcasm or a menace, every exposure of their mis-
rule. In the midst of their arrogant security, another
revolutiou, as complete. though not so unexpected, as
thaw that have occurred in Spain and Naples, may
arrive; and ir. that case it would remain to be seen,
whetlwr a third warning would prove sufficient. We
despair, we confess, of any human event waking a
aa-
lutary impressi Num the Ministers of the unreformed
governments of our time. But we shall abstain at
present from offering any opinion upon the cultist
likely to be 'pursued by Sovereigns themselves ; and
Axil merely say that they have interests entirely in-
distinct from those that are pursued by their actual
servants in almost every country.
The bloodless revolutions that have happened in
!Spain and Naples, will mureoser bring back the cause
of liberty to the high state of estimation it enjoyed be-
fore the French It .volution. They well show that
political rhanges may be effected without any of the
atrocities that unfortunately marked the first steps of
the French in the career of freedom. The enemies of
• human ini;•rovement have taken full advantage of
these atrocities; and have ever since met every pro-
posal to ameliorate the general condition of society,
however reasonable and safe, by pointing to the ex-
ample of France. The mere allusion was snfficient to
being it into disrepute with the rims l and circumspect:
and, whilst eve:y scheme for bettering the condition of
social man was thus frustrated, the friends of established
abuses lint MO limits to their uwu extravagance. The
eonsequenres of flans allowing an unlimited licence to
vice and fully, and resisting the first advances
ancesof
wis-
dons, are now fully and frightfully exemplified.
tunately the course of human affairs is beginning to
take a different direction ; and the glorious example
of Spain will serve as an impulse as well as a beacon,
to such nations as are still smarting under the effects
of misgovernment.

From the moment •sf the larrt:res arrival in this
csentry the proceedings of blinisters were calcul.tted
to expose theme to the suspicion of being animated by
vindictive feelings. From that moment all their ones-
sates against the Quece were regarded with distrust ;
and their subsequent shading confirmed the public
in the opinion, that it was intended to oiler up the
411X11,1 as a victim, in murder to carry some secret and
iniquitous o►jeet. We can conceive bow the greatest
