!Ng Cent

•
6..._ /... , '' 1:-''', •
Ar %.
S. .!.1.
.1„,- ii ;.,, • -
....„ . ,•111P1••••• • 'V!?
. • • • . "E• •.•
. ...1: k ..'
1 • •.• ••I`,. .. .1,.• • •! ~ i•- ,i
• ;4.0., h••••...i•J'. •- 1.•.• ......-','; g Iv . ,g. ,• r ' • !
• 11 ::44111,-- • :,

.. .i~ ,~

• ' 411'.1. • .

~•

. • egi . 4
if•r4

:

A
.1* .!P 111 • "
. PRICR 4RV.?.••••_TfArr:-.1

.. , ~

a, reeeecialde body, men lit Ifiiiridon, amoa. wbocasete.
enospicarilla • 1104111 e., the ornameste of Alsistah- &Mt*
j
oolong. whom iii: that great man, anaressied.inhiolls,
'pied v-11tettgliont, ~havo associated for • the iikurliete' of
Inlabli slant there such. a lecture as thee i a •Olaugow,.or
kick wet have spoken t—ethey ban associated for7thepisr_,-
sea of teadtlng ignorance iknowledge;2l4 tile. Int-fir
Ed• airing knowledge unlimitedly, Ii thiotbo;cOp.4o4,l .of;
n estertainingaibister inotitea?. Clearly:pi;‘,. 1411 am.
n .in .all coontrim., mith;iitskopkprtisftried4oll their
fellow men, endeavour to: IteWtious in ignorance, end'sw
risk; be I. superstitioa; we give asaresse.aosemadens
&trope. in. proof. While the waders •froo :States of,
America, are eemally is proof that indaetrial.mwri, Wk. bays
the mead of society at heart, endwrrostr,•to Oisidpote iron-
ranee cod sopentidon by the raya•of knOwledge,—They
endeseeor to;endow %omelette .possible numbr.r,with tries
greatest possible capacity of judging .o the. coodactot
peblic men—mf tbemielves. ...
'We shall now lay. hefdre.otir residers aroktrasteor . two.
from a long article fronts/lied last-week, in ant:oeighs
bier the Patriot. Whether It is original. en which • is.
krone probable, part of the mof the 40:indaa 'llsry,prear. -
we bias, Ake anitiaif ds inatarial..fese.it.4.•
dished titans suitable viand for the palates of the Carlisle
Torieer• We have calms. a second look at the article, and
glanced a ,the cod of it,abereorp.pereeive that we hi I
overkeiked,thelettmuSt. ~Ta.'s t:Ar.; po our latter guess is
tlis cortettioe. . ,
We now come to the extracts: we shall jut premise that
there is au inflituation attending the advocates fee shivery.
when. they endeavour to support their tends by argunieets;
whether they be the advocates of •.paliticsl, slavery..
such as our borough-mongers ; or the advocates.of personal
slavery, such as the new converts to tho rights of msn, the
slave-holders of Jamaica. The first extract run thns :-...
4 The names of 'the leaders. (Mr. Broughamohlr. HObbouse,
Dr. Birkbeck, .Mr. Cobbett, Sm.) may go *great war tw
give.warning, that. the proposed experiment is metsafe:— •
Again ; 6 When a !umber. of party men torittive escheat.,
to enlist as their clients a body so formidable as the meelta-
nice of the metropolis, it is not dirfi.mlt to guess. what they
are about.' The article then goes on to oboustliefollv of
educating mechanics, asserting thatruest of tke areal dis-
coveries In mechanical science (we give theeppression are
we find it) have been made by recluse modems. • Op the
stupidity of the conclusion drawn from.this meertion (th.,
correctness of the assertion we do not dispote) we 50re.,..,
snake some observations ;the malice and unckedness of the
two extracts we shall
.past.withont comment: --Oa, won!.t
think that it might liar. oceorred to the writec el this ob-
servation, that if the. groat discoveries in mechanics h eve
been made by recluse students, the Wray, whluk enabl-.t
inch students to wake such inventions, wortld be rill like-
lier to give active practical mechanists the capability et
meets! acuteness and combination nec yto such harm-
dons. The argument, ,io feet, runs in this waY-6114*
students, by the knowledge of principles. nederstani
mechanism better than prJfessed meebantst4,and. thereferp.
to improve the mechanic arta we we wi!l keep the latter
ignorant of prociples. Admirable loatici Really, to
bring arguments against suck an absurdity would be • to
break a banally on, Ike wheel.. .

MUNDELL •
Mr. James Momfoed. a respectable farmer wha resided at
Newport, seer Stilton Waldron. in Essex,' had been in London
for three days, got Monday afternoon returned by the stage-
coach, which he quitted about seven o'clock, intruding to walk
home, his how being about two miles from toe main road,—
A gentian baling.to.pess shoos Ibis byroad oq liorsebtfil4
the animal started, when the rider peeceived'a tibdit.stritettert •
ou the road side, end heard it groan; he was much alarmed.
and rode fast to the nearest house, the male inhabitants of
which accompanied him baet to the sprt, where they expected
to end the body, and where they had nearly erased,. when they
beheld the supposed murderer carrying the hody,'ithen dead;
across his shoulder, for the ptrpose, it would appear, of depo-
'siting it in a deep pit in the neighbourhood. Tne wretch was.
of course. taken into custody, and turns out to ilea man who
formerly worked for Mr. Mamford, and who,.. aloce his dis-
missal, assaulted the deceased. for which be was taken before
a Magistrate.. Itfurther appears, that Mr Munifeed some time
since caused some pigs, belonging to this moot to he empound-
ed, which, together with the former affair. lethlcedbim to take
tois barbarous and violent mode of rereilgi.. tfr: Mum ford.
though a little man. appears to ita‘e.sttugeed hard; as hi.;
head Is dreadfully beaten in, and his throat rut, ii is supposed,
a ith his own knife, as that, with some other articles, the pro-
perty of the deceased, newfound in the fellow's possession.—
Mr. Mumford was in his 134 year.
We believe the above to he accarate; but the following ac-
count appeared in a eoteinporary io-`• A murder, which for
atrocity seems to hare exceeded that which ii.%.reeently °ern-
Died the attention of the public, was perpetrated lyit,
(Monday) about eight o'clock, near Quendon, between Stort-
ford and Walden; in Vise; on the person of Mr..Niumford.
jun. of Whittington'Hall,----We have received frog a friend
the following account of this horrible crime :
` Mr. Rumford, jun. of Whittington Quendon.
returning from London; left the Watderr .coach 'at •Qiendon
Street, and in his. ay to his hoine, which is shout hdlf a mule
from tne road, was way laid and murdered: .it appetites he semi
knocked down by some heesy instrument, 'his Orsini •sear.y
beaten out, and lilt throat Cu:. The murderer was afterwards
discovered, with the body on his back; conveying-IX Xo a clay
pit, and was within a few yards pf the pit whgn.itaken int,.
custody: Fie turns out to be a son of one of Ajr.Mtipiforiri
own workmen. The property sees found Ott 51...,;1110d4 PAL
this in haste.' "

-;

. •
On Satuidal evening last, about 8 o'clalt Male
.
child, apparently about own months ald,dressei in a cattoti
frock and wrapped in La small blanket, was': eft ,in .the
passage of the Bush bin, Carfide. 'The eh'ittl,.3rtisli was
almost immediately disenvered, had•oi piff e" paper
pinned to its clotb.iss, with " James W." WilittliV•reort.
On the same evening, 'between *sit and von ne
Woman, with a' child in her arms, itas.seen tki keeper
of Oreyrnoor Hill toll-bar t. Rest through viii.:Ofe
proceed towards Carlisle. When'the ocaarretty Lb.
Bush became public, this aroma!' as .troriglht.sitspected
of being the mother of lite deserted infant pevad these
suspicions hare since prisetid. correct. After a,.parted
with the child she followed!gbe person wbo %riga intrusted
to carry it to the workhouse. mpei, hearing its crias,mtfered
to give it the breast, mktialt.being refitted, she clots in-
quiry whither it WAS being .t.,l;eii, sod expressed a7lisisb to
know what punishmbot would be' inflic!ed nn Nis Incitli•r
if she were to be discarered. She itiek F •' tb.
bowie of a relsittonai-Briaco, waere shet,.rcluaineti, omit
Friday morning; andy:oelt. r retiwit.throadgit,te,4oll-bar
at OleyrtiOar Hill, at almlut‘l4 slietwakiracignizett
by the family of the.,gatp-keeper, by whom eimossastaken
'into custody, and eoureyed doisCarlisle, and underwent an
exetninatiaw before Jelin .11103:ehasti;--iltriLk • stated
that the father of.the child '•ra mitt istsline; 'Afro lstcll`
residril• at boikerliy, but -sill* 1.-ff Orti pike* i .q nence
of her being larrnint•by t 'that 'ter isitkify,tcisk
who lt:she retitled, turrfed her tort of kir lailitasal
I)..ingi Airier ni to-great' distrtees iin?Clutt*Nk • •be..estai Pt
1.; Id jai., mamas indocril, in a moment of despoi‘te treat,
her child tp .the protegtiam!tf stratwer4e:-. I. hem..
earninitted to iirTzin 'tor fortlicio;aminltinti. tier trite is
Allen Walker, anl'ahe comes from the parish of tirstoa.
She is a pre ty little sumo, and about •z 2 pent:tips.,
(Carlin:: Jurnal.)
