eiit 4tatt6man.

LONDON:
TVEBDAY, FEBRUARY 8. MO.

-...4....,--

We have this morning received Paris papers of
Saturday. Cadiz, it appears, still holds out against
the Constitutionalists. Some private letters affirm
that the proclamations addressed by Gen. Freyre
to the rebels, in the name and on the behalf of the
King, had been successful beyond his expectations,
and that many officers, as well as soldiers, had ac-
cepted the promised amnesty for the past. But
this assertion is completely at variance with other
accounts, which represent the insurgents as in-
creasing in strength and confidence. Thus do
we regain half-informed ; nay, worse, we are
contradiatiesly informed. We did not, to be
sure, expect to receive regular or accurate intelli-
gence froth Spain itself, but we did hope indirectly
to be better instructed of what was going forward
on so momentous an occurrence as a mutiny ; nay,
more than a mutiny, a regular insurrection i■ the
chief assemblage of the Spanish army—in a city
within a day's post of Gibraltar. The object of
this military assemblage is not, as we have observed,
a mere mutinous objection to • particular sorriest,
but a call for a IREFoRim in the Government-4
Constitution by the Cortez of the coullitty. 11?Ary
day we look fir &further development of this dm
midable proceeding, so as to augur what may be
the ultimate issue of it.

There has been no Sitting of the Chamber of
Deputies. By a Bulletin, it appears that Deputise
have been chosen to form the Commission of Ways
and Means.

The Court went into mourning, on Sunday, for
the Electress of Hese. The Court of Prussia did
the like, upon the same occasion.

We are happy to learn that the water; of the
Wheal, the lower Rhine, and the Yawl, are on the

Favecu Prx ok—Fire per Cents.. 73 fr. g Bask At-
dew, 1431 fr. 50 c.

DISRESPECT SIIEWN TO THE BRITISH TLAO IN THE

SOUTH MEAS.

A .;:imtiett paper says, " We have only to num-
tion, that the British ship Countess of Morley, of
Plymouth, on a whaling voyage, was boarded by
the Andes, Chiltsn armed ship, when eight of the
best seamen were amPiced from her. The Master of
the Countess of Morley I.:rotested against such im-
proper conduct, bat was laugb.'d at; and the ship
Policy, of London, also on a whiGng vo)'age, was
Bred at and boarded by the boats of the fl,.."tilian
squadron, when her Captain was ordered to keel/
!idly 18 leagues from off the land, under pain of
being detained and sent to Valparaiso as a prize.

to the eaie of hood Hope. that a correipsnise-74,1 hqs
bees discovered between loam officers of the 66th ref%
meat and Bonaparte's suit; that several Coen-Mania',
bad been held in consequence, and that the regime
had been ordered home immediately. The calm,
Editor disbelie yes the report, on the mead the 8,
British Officer would be concerned in such as Mkt

MISSOURI QUISTION.

A Meeting was held in Baltimore, on Tuesday hi;
a great divinity of opinion manifested itself. Th,
ensiles was long and animated. Finally, a etsjmityi
the cuisine were decidedly in favour of sending a
morial to Congress, urging the necessity of restriaik

the farther admission of slavery into the territory
of the Mississippi.

The Weans Pepers come dowa to the beginaieg
August.

As the KING IS DOW happily recovering
health, it surely cannot be thotrght improper tosp

of those measures in which his MAnctrf sat
necessity more or less partake, gnd be inlet*.

The late melancholy events have altnost wbosy
coi engrossed the public attention; would they
have arrested the public distress. It the lavish
comiums poured out upon the charatter of his
MAJESTY, whose personal qualities and doe**

virtues every one must subscribe to, could aliens;
the distresses and supply the severe privations s
millions of his subjects, we, as well as many otos
contemporaries, would gladly fill our columastriti
them. After sufficient respect paid to the*.
our care is called for, and must be transferred b,
the living. As soon as the present Ktt►e is abit
attend to public business, which, we sincerely
will be soon, we trust that he will contemplate
condition of the unhappy country over wind' le
is by Providence called to reign. The grief like
he must have felt by the repeated sad legated
mortality in his family, mast, no doubt, bewitches.
ed his heart, and, more than any other m 1014411
disposed his mind to sympathise with the si►

tions of others. We will not believe that his i
JILITY is unacquainted with the cause of the dig

in the three kingdoms. He must know thatit
arisen from the multiplied machinery which the!

dacity and ambition of his late MAJESTY'S Nui
tars have had recourse to, and played off is it
House of Commons, in order to sap the
of liberty. We have called these Ministers, soli.
therto, the official servants of his Royal Father, Al
be shall, as from his own impulse, being nadir
bias whatever from without, adopt them sad
measures : which being done, however, he with'
make them bit awn. and be justly inv I
the unpopularity and danger of eve
which they shall advise. Their Ater!
Infallibly draw their Royal Master into swill
A
.Ileellies; for they will now be compelled, kilt
aiderationa of personal safety, to be crafty i
proceedings, so as to ward of the porgy
geance for the various attacks that they hate
made upon public freedom. From the Mow
the late Acts of Parliament, and the aim
increase to the standing army, it may be

said, that the liberty of every spirited willt
the kingdom is at the discretion of the
and SOLICITOII-GECERAL ! Wbo aii ift

watehiag with ingitietnde every motion ii

Ministry I We could hope to see the KING

u the father of his people, and soothe their *pi
pensions by removing that which keeps them i
perpetsal feverish suspense. These Minister
relax in nothing—others in their room would k
so occasion to commence their dice with rigor

A better system might be adopted, ani a n
brought about without danger by new men,
hosever never can be the case with these.
administration wisely and mildly conducted,
mark

the new reign as a new sen of justice,
prove that the great and general discontent wi
pervades the country has not arisen from the)
of GOVERNMENT, but from the abuse of Con
MINT.

A respectable Morning Paper of this day I
neunced the death of the great Mr. ()we
but, ag that report originated groundlessly kit
Dublin Ec'ening Papers, and was received by
terday's mail, we are glad to contradict it test
the arrival of the mail of this day. We hope, I
trust, that this Onstrions Patriot will live Is
she restoration of ts;s country to prosperity
splendour, and to see ti:^ accomplishment of I
Worm, without which we :nay exist as a
lior a time, but it is impossible can - •
commercially or financially.

We are sorry to And that the report 0
Doke of York's resignation of his nppointraeal
Commander-in-Chief is contradicted. We dal h
that this post would hare been immediately I
reudered into the hands of the people, who
justly jealous, in times like these, of the iglus
thus placed within the power of the immedi
succeor to the Crown.
By alt ices from diolland, we learn that la
pedition sailed from Batavia in Augi at
chastise the Sultan of Palambaug, who bat
boldams to take up arms against the Comma
of the Kiegi of the Netherlands:7- ?be heal
lions in Holland have stebaidOdrisiittbe, hit I
mease tracks still remain ender itater; and ahl
vividinhabitants as in the greatest distress.
looting atesottain at Namur has pin
iamb host, and h a bloriked up the real
Dawn•

111.112w1.7TViiitlL ELECTION.
naig.A report which got into some of the Even•
sailing, that Mr. Grattan was no more,
slh, !Fey groat sensation in Dublin on Thursday
..t We bare long been accustomed to connect the
a sr. tirattan with Ireland, that we should re-
l.% dissociate them until he has fulfilled what we
ko is his politial destiny, namely. the
of
-
ofr his Catholic c
ountrymen. It s with great
, therefore, we can state, that he will offer him-
sfais his old constitnents—with an assurance of
siceary. That there will be a contest, we believe,
j(e, drafts@ will be removed from its vortex.
of skald the city of Dub!in be content with such
as Mr. Shaw ? The only recommendation he
7,- his parse. He is put in by the Orange interest,
deg the Catholics and Independent Protestants
ipowerful body, be ratted to the Catholic cense.
of of throwing a sop, however, to Cerberns, he went
• ;11 ether questions with the Miaister. He voted for
sheltie Acu. 1k followed the tire of the worthy He
satire fur the town of Galway, Mr. Valentine Blake.
Hastla, Mr. Shaw? We can conceive a motive for Mr.
es sapper' of the Ministry, independent of a piddle
$ pslidai see. He represents a town peculiarly cir-
red —sod he thinks, perhaps, that the best
he has of liberating the town, is through the in-
talky of Government. We doubt not whether
dot Dales n seffseeken. firtt, there can he em doubt
sll shoot Mr. Shaw. Ile represents the first city in
such a representation! It is a feather in
eap. Ile, for GOo's sake, if the representation of
Lily or NM?' is to be considered as a toy, lot it be
to owe see who can wear the bauble gracefully.
does nes one of the Latonche's offer himself, oe
Caulfield ? Hut we shall have tuneh more to
ea this subject.
ybe elections for the counties of Cavan, Longford,
and Slip, are expected to be vigorously con-

WITT OP KING'S BENCK.-(THIS D.Y.

coorea o. coorna.
%was an action of trover for the recovery of cer-
easio, which was tried before the Lord Came Jul-
' lithe Sittings after last Term.
Area appeired, that a Mr. Cooper was, In bls
and died wised in fee and possessed of a certain
coed 11-elltsgate Farm. In his will he bequeathed I
• &tate; together wit% the whole of his stock, to 1
' lad lieorgeCoopei, his two younger sons, and their
• oak, without mentioning or providing for his
' slit) and heir at law, James Cooper. Ueorge
hail since died without issue, and in consequence
home a dispute, whether the plaintiff, John Cooper,
retitled to the whole of the property, or whether
Chore. whO wai also the heir at law of the de-
ws.; entitled to his moiety of the estate.
lithe trial a verdict had berh found for the plaintiff,
leave given to .he defendatiel Counsel to move the
' n for a tannic.
Ashaudia alit signed ii support of the rtrdiCt.
fir contended. that though no limitation to a third per-
appeated is the sill, yet that ,it was evidently Hsi
mention of the teitater to bequeath the estate to John
wed tieoege o:chafer, with a cross remainder to the total
esaltesios of the defewthint, the heir at law- He cited
'soma sithorithe thin Emit, to sorport his argnitent.
The Cotter, Armes., were noaninsonslt of a different
aid the Gkl,f Jriitice distincelY laid down.
se* fidifnalhist was walk is the will, It #ls t 4 be'
• red that the testator did not mean to exclude to-
his eldest son, who was entitled to take, upon, the
d one of his brothere iitbdut issue.—.%. Noumea
amsallogly recorded.
Ws kerb fora Angostura, that the first act of
risaieodi, as Vim-President of Angostura, was
*rade Admiral Brion from the rank of Arlisiral
guff of the Venszuelian navy, and ilppolnl 10111
ifs place, and that he had ordered the former to
with all possible dispatch to the head-quay=
Angostura. We also learn, that previous to
*szlving up his command, I,e had imprisonifi
de Comiiander of the brig General English. rOt
Seillegsl capture and detention of two vessels, and
vet his brig was ordered to be sold to defray any
. - and of damages that may be brought agaiffst
• for such capture and detention.
_ JAMAICA. DEC. 2 I.—A schooner, called the

lehrici, about 40 tuna burtlien, commanded by one
till, with a crew of about tee men, is hovering be-
tween tistabann end Prineipi, and is taking and plus-
ag vessels under any fag. Two armed vessels were
out at Triuklada de Cuba to capture the Rosario ;
only succeeded in retaking or* of her prises, a
teasel Belonging td the Caresses.
CCRACOA, Nov. 7.—Frcifn Poertb Cabello we
him that tierteral Bermudas; arcompasied by several
lentrumt ofAcees, and an English Colenel, while paw
leg in a mall Yew! frdtis Cerium tb Margatitts. were
69 the rleoheras, of titterer°. Bermudas and the
laterrent (ANIS seeing no possibility of escaping.
or.l oterbodirl, and swam to the shrift., fettling their
comp/Orion behind, and who was taken and
rarriri to La tiuyta, and is now in the city of Ciraccas.
}li. Majesty's ship Ply, of 18 guns, bav arrived
lest: she sailed from Berbadoes ou the 26th of October.
%bard the Fly are Six women and four children,
r:cre Limn in the American albop Randolph,
in S
tew , when elm was captured by the
res. of o..erern, off Mergeritta, and drdered fur
Othello. These people; being all Irish, are to
taw/eyed to Barbedoes, for the purpose of obtaining
*sage to tieir native country.
itbspb Rawlins Thomas, Eeq. goes out as Plag-
ant, and Riebard Hallilay, Esq. as Secretary
Itenr-Admiral Fahie, lately appointed to the
mud on the Leeward Island station.
The

Company" ships arrived at
Iseae, as follows, viz.:—
AtHdb, 20th .Augnst ; Cornwall, 30th ditto ; Loni
Castlereagh, Ist September; Lowther Castle, Charlitsll
that. and Castle, td ditto ; Essex, 6th ditto
Taasinart anti Matilda, btli ditto; laglis and Marquis'
UND6su, 16th ditto.
Ateutints have been received of the General
Harris and Warren Hastings being at Prince of
Wale blond ; date not mentioned.
The following is given as a statement of the
amount of the Ressian army during the last year:
vrgisnents of infantry of the line, 613,722 meat
"filseals of cavalry, 181,141 ' • 30 battalions of artillery',
each of fist companies, and 60 pieces of cannon, 47,06111
!sips of irregular infantry, 27,632 ; 210 regiments 01'
lar 1411117. 10L,534 ; troops forming a cordon on
7i,ooo—ln all 476 regintewit, consisting
"9.9417 men. 'fo these are to be added the finery's,
tg of 28 battalions, 61 sqvidesm. I asap brigadas!
nv, and twg supornameratv battaiiori
ier of 48,863 area, wbic make tbV gratid
the whole army 1,1118,81/11 moo.

'slatti- i
