TILE STATI

H e denied that ancient history could furnish any eases of
slavery so disgusting as the system of slavery in the Colo-
nies. No one could find any thing like the brutal force anti.
use of the whip which distinguished the :resists:at °films
io the West Indies, who were reduced to a footing with the
brnte.lt was said, however, on a former occasion, when the
subject came under the consideration of that House, that
the unfortunate negro would be enlightened, by religion.
—They were told of the kind Governor, the humane
master, and the amiable driver. All these topics were
urged to render the generous efforts of humanity made
for the liberation of the unfortunate slaves unsuccessful.
The statement that slaves were under the contrail of old
masters was incorrect. The West lodia Planter was not
like the English landholder, West India property was
always subject to fluctuation—masters of planttitionir
might be humane, but it appeared, on enquiry, th it it
was not the interest of masters to behave well to slaves.
Persons too ufteo purchased Colonial property as a ape•
culation, and to make the must of their purchase they
were disposed to flog their slaves, under the expectation
of making the property more productive. The Post-
masters in England often dogged their horses on a prin-
ciple of profit eni loss. The more the animals could do
tire greater was the interest of the merciless owner. lie
might ask what bad been done since the abolition to
ameliorate the condition of ►he slates? His lamented
Friend (Sir S. Hominy) put that question, and uo satis-
factory answer could be given; and all the advocates of
emancipation had been bitterly disappointed. After
dwelling upon these topics at considerable length, he
expressed a hope that his H3n. Friend would not quit
the subject until be prodoced a law to make all male
children born in the Colonies free; and concluded by
hoping that this and other similar regulations would be
enacted.

Mr. M A R HYATT explained.
Mr. BERNAL thought his Hon. and Learned Friend,
the Member fur Winchelsea, had made en invidious a:-
tack on the owners of colonial property. He could prove
that acts of cruelty in the West India colonies bad !teen
prosecuted and punished. It was unworthy the talent of
his Learned Friend to state that negroes were branded
and !rested like cattle. Was it candid or fair to call in ,
the aid of ridicule, which could only cast unmerited oblo-
guy on the unfortunate planers. Hun-away slaves had
always been found by advertisem•nt, and were secured
in work-houses. It was well known that in Jamaica all
persons of the black population having claim to freedom,
could proceed by law again:l any one who detained them,
and recover damages.
Mr. MANN INV! explained.
Mr. BARING spewed that the statemews as to the si-
tuation of the slaves had been greatly exaggerated, and
entered at some length into the general question, to
prove that it was nut one on which this country could
form a correct judgment, and of course the greatest c e-
curnspectson 'MOIL to be used in legislating upon it.
Lord ALTHOHP strongly condemned the present
system, observing that he wanted nothing mom to prove
tne necessity of interfering in behalf of these wretched
beings, st lien they were content, of their own free choice,
to doom their progeny to the perpetual lash of a brutal
master—their daughters to his lust —(Hear, hear.)

Mr. F. BUXTON made a general reply.
Mr. becretary CANN explained that he had abjured
the idea of perpetual slavery, being convinced that a time
must arrive when the progeny of staves must be free. But
he had guarded himself, whatever might be his feeling, from
saying any thin{ specific as to when or how, because he bed
no precise plan in his mind, and also because be did not wish
to say any thing that bight, whic;i be might hereafter be re-
' quired to qui•liiy.
Mr. F. BUXTON said, that under these consideration?,
' with 'the concurrence of his friends, be had only to express
his extreme satisfaction at the decided manner in which the
Right Hon. Gentleman had declared himself, and asked per.
mission to withdraw Lis motion, with liberty to renew it
should aay misunderstanding arise.
The Motion was then witudrawu, and the other Orders o
the Day having been disposed of, the House adjourned a
Half-past One.

GRECIAN INDEPENDENCE.

PROCZLDINZS ♦T THZ ►URLIC NIZETING AT THZ CROWN

AND ANCHOR TRIITZRDAY.
(Continued from our last.)
Mr. Hosuousa conic forward amidst great applause.
As he had passed some of his early days in Greece, it
might be supposed that his sympathies were increased by
that circumstance; but it required not to be in Greece, and
to see the spots where the most splendid actions of the
world were perform, d, to advocate the cause of that un-
fortimate people, who were now contending fur the
greatest of all rankly blessings—liberty, without which
life is nothing. All that bad been said against the cha-
racter of the Greeks, he was full able to contradict. lie
had it on the authority of Cul. Gordon, and a high au-
thority it was, fur he had adventured his person as well
as opened his purse in the cause; that all the accounts of
similar.barbaiities exercised by the Greeks at Tripolez-
za, were either exaggerated or bad not the slightest
foundation in truth. To say that trey hail not about
theta those appearances of liberty which their ancestors
loved, was only saying, that for several centuries they had
not been independent; for they had been under the yoke
of despotism; and certainly that was nothing, for their
misfortune should not be construed into their fault. Af-
ter many other appropriate observations, the Honourable
Gentleman said he lied it in his power to state, that the
Greeks had already done great things. Almost the whole
of the southern parts of Ureece were in their possession,
and in two years they had nearly ex! rininated 70,000 of
the enemy. He concluded with moving, that it was the
bounden duty of the Meeting to promote the success of
the Greek cause by all the means in their power.
Mr. JOHN SI uN sir TAYLOR, the Barrister, seconded the
motion with several impressive observations; but our
limits will not allow us to report them on the pr..sent
occasion.

Lord A. HAMILTON thought it a high honour to be any
way instrumental in pioniuting so just and noble cause,
and in defeating if possilale the designs of that fraudu-
lent conspiracy which was formed at Verona. (Applause.)
tie hoped at least, that the Greeks might have lair play
against their oppressors, and that they and their children
would not again become the prey of a voluptuous IlLiko-
:nem soldiery. The Noble Lord, atter several pertinent
remarks,which wint of room compels us to omit,tuoved that
it was the duty of this country to prevent the reptitioa of
the ravages which had been committed by the Turks on
the Greeks.

M r. U.BRINDELEY SHERIDAN seconded the Resolution,
and coded the a.tetition of the Meeting to the horrible pro-
ceedings at Scio. The Turkish fleet left Constantinople
a ith peremptory orders lilt to leave a human being alive
in that devoted place. They executed those cutlers like
true Turks-13UP0 (Leeks were pet to death aids as
much rapidity as if but a single head had been tahrii oil,
The cause of the Greeks had been deeply injured hy the
sovereigns of Europe. Three times had Greece revolted
at the instigatitin of nimbi and as often bad she been lett
to her late. it was a sort of blasphemy against nature
to refuse amp'e justice to a race of men so situate I.—
(Applaus .) It had been said, in every point of view,
wh•ther oh morality, religion, or fresdum, they were
urged to come forward, and to remember that it was the
mural itilinence of their exertions, as well as their pecu-
niary subscriptions, that was likely to kindle a dam-
throughout this cuuutry, and animate the Greeks to std,
further efforts.
Mr. W. SUIT" then addressed the Meeting. He had
heard with admiration the eloquent speech of the Gentle-'
man who preceded him. He had heard that Gentleman
witb far more pleasure than most of those be addressed,
because it reminded bin: of the manner of his eloqoent

AN

father. The ilemeerable, Gentleman then urged with
much ability tb cameo Of those on whose account
they had assembled. He stated the con litioa of
some who, as fugitives, had Wien refit*. lb Russia,
subsequently fleeing to Switzerland, and 'now wieldiest
an asylum on the British shore; and concluded by aim
vine a Resolution, reco amending exertions on behalf
of the Greeks on the continent of Europe and in America.,
Mr. lIARTOPP seconded the Resolutton.
Mr. Maxwau. moved the sixth Resolution, recom-
mending a subscription.
Mr. WILIUS seconded the Resolution, and urged it as
a duty to show the world that it was not only the Noble
and the Learned in England, but men of all classes and
of all denominations who joined in sympathy for the eV-
feri ng intuthitants of Greece. He would read the sob.
scriptions that hail been already received : —Lord John
Russell, SO/. ; J. C. Hobhouse, P. 1.251. ; J. Home, Esq.
10/; the Duke of Bedford, 100/4 had Pim/Fill; am, HMI.;
Lord Milton, 501. ; T. Coke, 'Esq. 25/. • the Hon. Lev-
cester Stanhope, NI.; E. Ellice, Esq. 401. • J. Maxwell.
Esq. 401; J. Smith, Esq. lOU ; —Rolii, Esq. 41)1.;
Mavrocorilato, Esq. 401 &e. &c. Mr. Wilks also
stated thst Thomas Campbell, the Poet of Liberty, had
cont•ihnted. The list was received with great applause.
Mr. HENRY IiLINT presented himself to the meeting.
He Nit that something had been omitted that day, and
it was his disposition to supply what was defective. It
had been omitted to state bow the Greeks had been
treated by the Representative of the British Govern
mem, Sir Thomas Maitland. He was sorry to see the
meeting so thinly atten led. They hail not an assembly of
more than 1000, thoult the struggles and sufferings of
the Ureeks•had continued for two years. He was da-
-1 lighted to 'hear the expression of feeling in favour of
the Greeks front persons of high rank and character,
to hear sentiments in favour of liberty from the mouths
of souse whom he had heard express very different feel-
ings in their pl ices in the House of Commons. Lord
John Russel hail described to them in glowing language
s victim, who liad been plunge.) in the dungeons of the
despots of wodero Europe. He 01r. Hun), could, if
their time was not to be better employed, give them a
living picture of a victim from one of those dungeons.
He was sorry to hear such a list, as bad just been read,4
which was ealcola'ed to throw cold stater on their exer-
tions (" No, no!"). When some time ago, there was
a subscription for an i•jured individu- I, Sir R. Wilson,
they saw 50t1/. sub.cribe.l hv those who now subscribed
1101. (hisses). This would discourage subscriptions.
(hisses, " No, no.") He cane there prepared, impo-
verished MR he was by oppres.ion, to put down his liaise
for as considerable a sum as the Duke of Bedford (ap
pianist.). He came these nut to shake a show hut a sacri
lice (applause). When he was chained in the borough-
monger's dungeons his heart had bled for the sufferings
of the Greeks. Ile bail understood that two years ago
there had been an intention of calling a Public Meeting
of this kind ; üby bail it been so long delayed till the
evil bad come si Much nearer our own doors in Spain
(hear, hear, bear !) ? There wait, he understood, a Com-
mittee fur the suffering Spaniards ; he hoped they would
not drive off all exertions for two years (hear!) It they
' aid, he (Mr. II) and his friends should take up the sub-
ject (applaus..). Ile thanked those who had heard him,
and those who ha I done him the honour to hiss him (a
laugh), for rapid, as tue progress of the age was rapid,
it would be ominous if be could speak at a Crown and
Anchor Meeting without being hissed (a laugh.)
The Ittholution was agreed to.

Captain 11!assume moved the nomination of the
Co.nnsittve, which was at present se•fsappointed also
that it be empowered ti apply the subscriptions, and add
to its ',lumbers, according to its diacreton ; and that
it he likewise instructed to open a correspondence with
other societies formed fur the same purpose.
Mr. ftcrT seconoled the motion. Ile hoped the friends
of the Ureeks would contribute, according to their
abilities, whether they contributed mites or thousands.
—(Applause )
Me, HUNT Said it would he much better that the money
should be put at the disposal of five honourable men,
Lord Milton one of them, which would be a much better
security than a numerous seli.elected Committee. He
did not care who the persons entrusted with the money
were, so they were gentlemen known to the world.
Captain Manumit said, the money was to be in the
hands of three Treasurers who he thought would satisfy
every Englishman. They were John Smith, Esq. M.P.,
E. ellice, Esq. M.P., and Sir J. D. Forbes, Esq. Bert.—
(Applause.)
Mr. Ilcv•r—But they have not the disposal of the
money, they have only the custody of it. The money
pot at the disposal of Committees generally falls into the
hands of souse intriguing persons who by superior a:•ti•
vity prevail over the snore honest members. I do not
mean to reflect on the present Committee, for I do not
know one of them.—( the names will be read.)
Captain DIAstERLY read the names of the Committee.
The following is a List of the Committee :
LORDs—Archi laid Hamilton, M.P., Glenorehy, M.P.,
Beutinck, ALP., Deere, Nugent, Dundas, John
Russell, Ebringtoa.
BINS—H. Banbury, James Mackintosh, John Dean Paul,
Robert Heron. _ _

flosounauLes—George Dundes, Lawrence Dundas.
Maunets or PARLIAMENT—David Ricardo, Charles Ten-
nyson, W. L. Maberly, John Smith, John Maxwell, D.
Sykes, W. W. Whitmore, Robert Chaloner, Dominic Brown,
Simnel Crompton, J. C. Ilobhouse. S. Majoribanks, Joseph
Hume, J. B. Monk, W. Smith, George liartopp, George
Philips, Colonel Davies.
General Long ' • Colonel L. Jones (Guards); Captain Wil-
braham Major Murray.
Rev. Dr. Chattietd ; get. Mr. Barker, of Thetford.
Dr. Gilchrist ; Dr. M'Lean.
John Wilks, T. B. Beaumont, David Millie, John Christie.
. .

Wi3lam Turnball, John A. Smith, Samuel Parkes, John
Lowe, Skin's, Jabez Henry, Alavrocordato George
Ensor, George H. Sheridan, David Davenport, John Towel
Run, George Weatherstone, 'F. Rowcroit, George Wilbra-
ham, Henry Cooper, Esquires.
Messrs. Francis Place, R. Taylor, Bowring.
Mr. HUNT asked 1,..w many of these would attend 2 The
Committee consisted, a 4 was generally the case at the outset,
of very honourable names, which were put forward, while
In the and some active intriguing fellow nipped in who dis-
posed of the money. lie tit- ught the plan he had proposed
much better.

Mr. Husia said, to judge from the past, eight or ten of
the Committee alwapi attenc;ed, and lie thought in any
eight or ten of the persons whose names had been read,theru
was a security against any misapplication of tue money (ap-
plause !)
The Resolution was agreed to, Mr. Hunt alone dissenting.
The Rev. Dr. CII%TVIELD moved the thanks of the
Meeting to the Noble Chairman fur his able conduct iu the
Chair.

Lord CLENORCIIY sec mkd the motion, and took occasion
to observe, that vie individual (Mr. Hint). who was in the
habit of ittterf:ring in meetings where hie presence was nei-
titer useful nor agreeable, had apparently only come to in-
terrupt Unit. proceedings (ap?laiise, and cries of no !) If
every wan hat ensue to speuk of his own grievances and stif-
ferino they shouli have lit.le advanced the great cause for
whicik they were wet.—(Mr. II unt—Orde r, order! question,
question !)--Ile slid not deny that he had suffered. As to
bir Thomas Maitland, he (L red Olenurch)) believed, that
that officer had acted according to the best of his judgment,
and it lie was the instrument of improper acts, it was the
fault, not oft. e individual, but of tne Government (hisses).
As that individual was a near connection of his. he had

thought it fit to say this much. As to the remarks of the
Lientieman (lr. Haut) on the sul.• Aritions. every ono wits
the propt rjudge of his own ;aeons (applause !)
Mr. lit NT—•Whiit is the neut.+ of that Gentleman 7
The Secnirraar—Lord
Me. Ha:me—Lord Gienorchy; very well.
The motion was carried by acclAns.ition.
Lord M LTA, briefly returned thinks, and the Meeting
• eye rated.

DUBLIN.

—...--
Kime's Billies, MAY 10.

Mr. Edwird Pennehkther moved thq Coert fora Criminal
Information against Mr. T. R. Ryan. a M•gg,latrateof thq
County of Tipperary. for having forcibly broken open the
pound of Comfy, and rescued cattle thetstout, under to fol-
lowing circumstance.. Ile stated, that some cattle had been
(Retrained for rout due to Messrs. Scully, and impounded,
in En•ty pound ; they were lying there on the g2d of April,
when Mr. Ryan, the Magistrate, came to ttmly, at the head
of a mob of apwards cf one 'elmired armed teen mostly
mountalueers. and in the noon day he forcibly broke open
the pound, and rescued several bead of cattle, drove thent
•way, and converted them to his own vie. Such an outrage,
desarves t.. be particularly reprobated: It was committed i.t
a county which has been particularly .14iirhtd, and the
scene of rontinuel riots and breaches of the peace ; and suet
an evil example of misconduct in a person of any etetton,
must prove exceedingly mischievous in its consequences
atnonest lb. lower orders of the community. He hoped.
therefore, that the CoUrt would severely visit this de:in-
gurney upon Mr. Ryan. ilia statement Was supported by
the affidavits of Jeremiah Connell. the pound-keeper, -- -
Leary, poliretnan. and Thomas Cunnurs, the wan who had
distrained the cattlo.

Covet —Undoubtedly, this is a most ontrugeons and il;s-
grateful proceeding in any gentleman, pirtictiLirly a ,Magis-
trate; and a county, so very lawless and di.turhed i.e
that distaitt is at pr‘s,nt ; and the Magistrate who could
have bean guilty of such gross misconduct, deserves the
heaviest punishment of the law. However. since it is pot
sworn that hearted at tl Magistrate in the business, we fear
that we cannot interfere, but must leave him to an indict-
ment and trial by a Jury of his country. If it had hero
sworn that he acted as a Alegistrete, we should certainly
grant the criminal informative against him.
Mr. H•Tenett..—My I.ords; it is sworn by Leary, the
police-man, that lie would have interfered to prevent Ithe
outrage, but was awed by Mr. Ryan's situatiou as a Mugu-
trate, and thereby prevented from interfering.
' Mr. Justice BotTon.—That is all inferential matter, awl
lest a f.ct than a consequei,ce. We fear that we carload act
upon it in tais ease ; and although we cannot notice it pr.,-
1 prrly as we could wish; yet we have no doubt that it will he
duly 'lofted in another quarter.
