vi ti: STATESMAN

The Paris Papers that were in arrear, including
xis days (to Monday last), have at length arrived.
Tilers is nothing, however, of any great political
importance amidst their multifarious contents. The
statement given in our Paper, about e...week ego, of
the report of a musket having been heard at the back
of the Duke of WELLINGTON'S Hotel, is confirmed;
but the story amounts to nothing beyond the ap-
pearance of a hoax upon the Duke, and that by one
of his owe sentinels. The knavish sentinel on duty
declared in the first instance, that he bad fired the
musket Is his own defence, having been attacked by
several persons who endeavoured to fame their way
into the Doke's hotel. The Duke, on being in•
formed of the circumstance, sent one hundred francs
to theleordier, who, on a subsequent examination,
confessed that all be had said was false, and that be
bad fired off the musket from fear alone. He has
been committed to prison.—Lord KINNAIRD had
left Paris pn his return to Brussels. There base of
late been frequent conferences between the Duke of
WELLINGTON' the Ambassadors of Austria, Prus-
sia, and Spain, and the Duke nz RICHELIEU. A
(.►et► has been proposed by the Government to the
Clamber of Deputies relative to Arreits for Debt.
By one of the articles men of 70 years of age are
not to be exposed to personal arrest. Every debtor
imprisoned for civil or commercial -debt shall
obtain his release after three years' imprisonment, by
paying or assigning the third or the principal of the
debt and its accessories ; and giving besides security,
accepted by the creditor or received by the Tribunal.
The Recruiting Bill was still in its progress through
the Chamber of Peers. Several Amendments have
been-moved ; such as substituting voluntary enlisting
to impressing,and giving bounties in money to encou-
rage voluntary enlistment; but they have all been
negatived by divisions. The late storm has done
great damage in Paris. A slight earthquake was felt
at Marseilles on the 23d February, at seven o'clock
in the evening, and on the 24th, at eleven in the
morning. The same phenomenon occurred also on
the 19th at Rooffach, Soielz, and Beffort, in the
Upper Rhine. The inhabitants in terror left their
houses, but no injury was sustained.

French Funds 674.
—New--

The only reason assigned, and It is no doubt the
only one that can be assigned, for depriving the
Duke of BEDFORD of the Lord Lieutenancy of the
County, in which he holds the principal estates, to
give it to Lord GRANTHAM, who has scarcely any
property in.,the County, is because the Duke of
BEDFORD subscribed to Mr. Hums!! This, with
something more about the arbitrary right of the
Crown, is the reason expressly mentioned by The
Courier for this insulting deprivation. Ni*, we
will just ask this question, and let the answer decide
the justice of this curious proceeding. Did not
Lord subscribe to Mr. CANANG'S
Parodies when they were published in the Anti-
Jacobin, and is not Lord GuiwruAM at this moment
a subscriber to the Courier, in which these and many
equally blasphemous Parodies have appeared ? What
shameful insult to worth and common sense is this

What rare Constitutionality it is for those who hold
the forms of the Constitution in captivity to avail
themselves of every prejudice, and every ateeifeste.
tion of independent and generous feeling, in those
who dissent from political prejudice, to deprive the
most deserving of their natural share in the Govern.
merit, and to confer power and office only on the
Members and supporters of Corruption !

A Public- Meeting for Reform took place at Man.
chester on Tuesday. We shall give the particulars
to•morrow.

WINDSOR, MARCU 110:—Yesterday Lady Joint
THYNNE arrived at the Castle on a visit to her MA-
JESTY and PRINCESSES.--ThiS morning, the weather
proving fine, the QUEEN and Princesses AUGUSTA
and ELIZARETU, attended by a Lady in waiting,
took an airing in a coach and four, on the Maiden-.
head road, and returned to the Ca.rtle to dinner.
Yesterday the Duche4* of Cbstnenctmo was bet.
ter of her cold, but her Royal Highness did not leave
the house.
The SPEAKER'S last Parliamentary Levee far the
present Session will be, on Saturday neat, the 14th
instant.
The present Parliament wss sontinonial ia April,
1812. The qoestion now is, will the dissolution be
postponed, till all the Parliamentary business of the
, present year has been transacted, or will part of .it
be done by the present, and part by a new Parlia-
ment ? Upop the business of 1810, the present Par-
liament certainly will not enter.
The King of PRUSSIA seems to have an isthmian of
visiting Paris frequently, for he has b.:whetted of
EUGENE BEAUIIARNOPi, the hotel, .in Whitt. thit
latter used to reside, iu the Rue Bourbon. The prior
was 250,000 francs.
A Poet has appeared in Russia, to whom the
PERM has granted a pension of 4,000 roubles, about
7001. a year. His name is SCIIAKORt4T.. Red Ms
work is upon the Ruins of the Kremlin, at Moscow.,
Miss SotamEnviu.s: i late of Drury-lane Theatre;
it seems, wes married during her late trip It/
Her name is now Mrs. BUN. Nothing can be more
appropriate, Mrs. BUN is the daughter of a respect-
able baker. Mrs. B. is now mined at Covent•gar.
den Theatre.
By the intended extension of inland navigation
northward of Bnroughbridge, by the rivors Swale
and Wiske to Smeaton-bridge, nearly half way be-
twist Northallerton and Darlington, a communica-
tion by water inland will be opened thence to York,
Gairishorough, Leeds, Manchester, and Liver-
pool, also Sheffield and Birmingham, and by the
Gram) Junction Canal to Paddington,- aid to all
Farts of the stipth-west of Englaud.

.

NAIVA I. INTEL LIG ENGE. '
YiutttoVrtt, M Aim 11.—The vettel we men.
tinned yesterday as on shore, is nos; stated to be a
brig of one hundred tons; she was standing in, and
struck on the Newarp, and sunk in about seven fa-
thoms water. t Oar boatmen have been off to her,
and say that die topsail-yards were out of the water,
but jolt as they got to her she laid down and dis-
appeared. The Masts were painted white ; an iron
bony was floating between the masts. It it very much
feared, that the crew of this vessel hive suffered.—
The Seven BrothefliTenwick, struck on the Newarp
last night ; the Master has taken three extra hands
nn board, in consequence, to assist in getting her to
London ; she has also lost her fore-yard.—The
Mary, of Lynn, which was on shore, has been got
off, and into our Harbour.
SOUTHAMPTON, MARCH 11.—The John Winslow,
of Cardiff, from Savannah, is on shore near Calshot
Castle, and it is feared most discharge part of her
cargo to et her off.
I.Errw, MARCH 9.—The Greenland ships got out
of the harbour on Saturday, and will salt from the
Roads this day.—Notwithstanding the very boister-
ous weather experienced, no losses have been heard of
on this coast.

MARGATE, M ARCH 11.—Four loggers and a smack,
loaded chiefly with cotton, have come in froaothe
Marquis Wellesley Eest Indianian, since yesterday,
and have landed and warehoused their mirgoes. The
weather having now become 6ne and moderate, more
of her cargo is reverted to be got out next tide. The
Lord Wellington, Keens, remains.
11,Aw.GATI:, AUCti 11 —*lshe Glory has beets got
offend into the basin ;•the Argus remains in the same
state, but every Ofinrt i 4 making to go/1w off; the
Asia remains nearly as bef•.re, and is unloading as
fast as possible.

SAVING BANKS.
IT are GERARD 74013.,.
To gise the world a saving fit.
When ert.ll i. gone, were funuy
The Parson. all would sere our souls—
Tire Ministers our nsortet, : •
Proverbial svit, one here descries,
In policy su rnsiiab: • •
Mao ends in bring "penny eciNc.."
Who started with pupal foethil."
• 1 .
Prince LEOPOLD and his suite :47614d. at Weymouth
on Monday, and occupy Ow K*es, Lodge At. that
place.
The Prince of II EssEllostanua, meat- Tuesday
evening with the Duke mod Duchess of CIIiIERJAND.
Yesterday his Serene Highness rode, out ou horse.
back, attended by Baron O'NAGtITEN. •Uis Serene
11.ghtress received visits from the Mr' of A BERDeIM,
Sir CULLING SMITH, Count MUNSTER, -and Mr-
MILTON. In the evening, his Serene Highness• ho-
floured the Marquis and Marchioness of STA PPORD
,with his presence, accompanied by Baron O'Naort-
yaw.
A Neapolitan Abbe, J.tuutt, ha; discovered. in.
the Royal Library, at Naples,. Manuscript of Da.-
.Corivivs, • Poet of the 5111 century. It contains
ten small poems hitherto oarkuowo, upon mytho-
logical subjects.
The late excesses committed by the Dey of
GIERS, have been notified to the Court of Vienna, by
the Sardinian Minister, who has received an assurance
of the I:Presumes wiliiogness to co-operate in any
measures which other Powers think requisite upon
the occasion.
SOUTH AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE.—The question
of acknowledgment is thus treated ikon American
Paper before os—" There seems to be much doubt
in the minds of many distinguished men in oar
country, whether the United States ought to sc.
'knowledge the Independence of the •Sourh Ante-
rim Republics. We have no doubts on the sub-
ject : we boldly say, that ..we deem it the,, duty pf
our Government to acknowledge them, as Fruiter
and Rolland acknowh'ged us---4 Free, Sovereign
and Independent. States.'. What are we taw fear
England has declared by solemn proclamation tlttLahe
will have. nothing to do with tlsconte;t in gapt:l2
or manner. Russia cares nothiogabout Mel
whether they are free or in slavery. She has no Nagavalto.
political principles in relation to them. Site hus-sold
Spain ships of war,to gain a foot-holdtin the bisnliterre.!;
wren. She pursues her interests and-will not qpncre-1,
with wirer nations for acknowledgment of the .4.4144
prudence of, South America,: The • United: SOW,
then, have nothing to apprehend from Euglatul
or Russia. "Certainly we haver nothing.- to :fear
from Austria, France, op any other Power.-,
Whet, then, have we to:. apprehend? .Perhaps. T...
yes, perhaps—a quarrel with Old Let.
come. If Old Spain wish*, to draw- the- .sword,
because we will not acknowledge the ewer of
the POPE, FERDINAND, and the II:Os-Won,' in
the New World, in contradistinction •to a. ea-
Bookl system of Republican Goverronents,L let
her come on.— Ws wilt show her • rampart of
fire and a wall of bayonets. Let not nor Govern-
ment be swayed by petty considerations of fear or
interest. In oar Declaration of Independence, we
have proclaimed to the universe the unalienable rights
of man. Let us acknowledge that other nations have
as good a claim to the enjoyment of these righta.a.
ourselves. Do as you would wish others should do
ralto you, is a sound maxim."
A new Edition, with Additions, has lately IP-
proved of the Essay on the Art of Preserving the
Sight. An Oculist of considerable experience is
evidently the Authbr of this little Work, which per-
sons 'Meted with complaints. of the eye will do well
to consult.
A Tradesman, who held a Share of No. 6,963,
drawn upon the First Day, and entitled to Four
Pipes of Port Wine, said he was quite staggered
when the Clerk at Basses told him of his good for-
tune. Nobody will wonder at this, fur what is so
'likely to produce staggering as a quantity of good
'Port Wine? . • .
SUDDEN DEATH.--Tuesday. ..•••••••• Esq.
of No. 13, Park-street, Grosvenor-square, went to
bed ima good state of health, and neat morning, not ,
getting up at his usual hoar, a person came to hi; bed-
MINN where he was found quite.dead. The family
Immediately sent for a sorgeou, but his efforts proved
nnavaitiog. The body now lies for a Cor9uer's IP-
quest. . . . .

. , •

. •. '
.

. .

:1. .5.1
„_:.!..
. ..:. ~
.., .
•

I

.

• THE CASE OF POISONING. •
,HATrofr-galtsitd.—On Wedaesday, the Seal examitanigeop
Titoism Dawson and Samar, !Lenten, hmsh-maters, etanahanii
and Thomas Potion, Deo semen's sermate, ekgreld •
no suspicion of poisoning Beath Woodmen, Sarah Morgint,Jesio
Tucker, Jane Griffiths, nod ISeby Fox, took place. -
Sarah Woodman depoied, that she Prisoner, Dawson. who
worked in a sepdtate room, came into the roam in whit; no
worked, about twelie o'clock, on Saturday last. and *nano,
a pot, containing about a pint of beer, which be offered Gls e
my sister, Mary Ann Woodman, but she relnavito *kohl he
Own offered It to Sarah Betty, and she likewise refused to drak
he then gave it to Sarah htorgan, and she drank = Meg Heim
' Fox, Jain. Iriffiths, and Jane Tucker drank. and l drank Wit.
4lad shrew away what iesnaiaed, I did not look age,, ot, „it
suspecting no harm; Dawndo did not °MT the bees to '
who was in the shop a Renton did not drink, reither did U.ls_
gas a Renton and Dawson iinniedineely left the ttttip, sgt.
Reilly was then in the cosseting house wish his partite;
.61,4
Rogers, and in going out. lie passed through the out
tarried away the pot, which then &modem a cameral's*
is live minutes oftrr I.draak the beer, 1 was sakes very sa•
wish a violent pain to the head, and a sickness at the no
-We other fOur who drank of she beer were taken with the lam
MAGISTRATII.— Did yea observe any particular taste imago
beer that Dawson gave you I— lt had a remarkably pleasad .
tweet taste. •
• •MAGlrefteTE. Do you know-of any particular Wien*, pus.
/were Denson and any of the young women ?—None %shames
ever.
MAGISTIRATIF..-- Can you a;sign any TrU•011 why veriqur
Mary Ana Woodman or Sarah Batty refused to drink ?-.4"ber
told me they thought he bad been playing tricks with she bit?
bud put something to it, and' desired Inc not to chink, but lei 4
'skink. • •
Mary Ann Woodmen, sister to the, last witness, wrpea...4%
last witneves evideate 111101 read 'over, to her, all of *hick
confirmed
~,,...dassavdara.,,What smear had ye.' to forbid Sergi astly
or your sister to di ink of the,beer ; what cati.n had you temps'
page there was any thing improper io T- Frith) their rear
tinging as up any beer hefortvk 'nought they 'night hr plhying
some tricks wild it ; there was something struck me it was rut; • :;
right.
Mantrravvr.'-• Have you ever heard that any of them pas
any thing iu aver or.erher. liquor Ware, so as to make any pea.
sou sick 1-1 hosefieg,rd, rram a gratis ma at's serval:: , 11( :HMOS.
of Fox, that Iteadn pat some suit into some run, .11ili .11:11er, ti
n hick be gave him once to drink, which towed blot to he very ;
sick. • . •••
Alscittravre.— Do you know "live that genilemap's semi*
lives?- In lilackfrinrs -mad. 1,
• Mr. Reilly, the landlord (gibe Greyisoand public-honse, suet ;
then called, and questioned as fallow s
at,G,,FECATE.,-- What is the Doctor% opinion of Jaae Grilse '
and Betsy Fox ?—That Jane Griffith is 'nut of datntei; gem%
Fox is better, bitt still so extresaciy.4ll.that Dr. Darling** I
not fret himself. starranted in pronnencing her nut of •cleager,
Make) lielitut every expectation of her ultimate recovery. ft,
• thacurtalsre.-11 the/term° here who way in 3 atm' hossesuf
heard Renton make use sof-some suspicious s.,ords to I)astsso;
when they were going to be taken jute custody, .I—Be iabergy
-present. •
"'Amick ilslCenn sworn.-1 beard Denton say to Daimon,
" be staunch, apd spy nothing about it, as Donne keens my
thing about is." Dawson answered. "to he sure, as yams r
knows bay thing about is." The words made a straw term.
*ran on my mind a• the servaots. were not present at she time; I
ana positive those words were what they made us of,
The Magistrates, after consulting together fur some tisse.lai
no further evidence beicg adduced against the Prisoners': Intro 1,,
of opinion that the charge pr a malicious or feloniom internam c
Was ant proved against any of the Prisoners, and as on analysing
she• substance whaeb Deity lox had vomited, nothing 'of a
poimeisous ensure was discovered, it could nut be deafly es-
certained that it was noisoo that was administered to them;
those ciresiinstancts, connected with Doctor Darling's cenie
Beate • declaring 'Belay Fox out of danger, which had des ;
livered ins indtteed. thew s° take bail for the FriSsmers,illelbs
selves in 501. each, and the sureties iu
. •

We heard, yesterday, that Mr. Wet.%Tee, when
'family suffered so dreadfully, dtirieg the late fire itt
the Sfrandi is recovering from bit wounds, sad that
the infant is doing well.
_, Report
A limn his been presentedte (ho Reeled '
Commons by the Ctimmissitiners appointed to en ire t,,
like the duties, salaries, and • emoluments of i sea'"
trial officers, &c., of the Cattail of Scotland. tis .
i
Confined to thiSherlit and Commisiary eourii, bilk'
ennstitutinn of'whicii it 'recOmetends a variety of tn.
prorements, 'the most Important of 'which is, th la '
place-of . four Judges in the Commissary Court, , •
salary of 6001. each, es et present, there chat be
It
;only one Judge, *with a salary. of from 1;t001., its
1,5001., who shall be bound to deeote his eaclueitel
attention to this duties of this office. . • ' 1
.... .:
The premises of. Mr. James Tittn0.,..,39, J,scres- 1g
street, New Cut,
~ litufbeth, were br,pike. open on l
Monday a lernotin (during theebsenee,ettbe fen*,
Who, it is stippittiii, were vsi(ChedfretkhOme). sod
robbed of Proper4,,consiitinipifpleterjeweliila f
and linen;to Lim stsuoiics
44. t.
*Oa
.- ... .. • • ' - • .
Stipqcieci Aeutur.srr.--.4% jrnoug 1.4 t, .17, yeatll
-of aefs 'clitaltsl. Neighbwertliqqa* to-sitme lig rapbr. 1
•
of • Ngsy.row,
.1,4901 N ,Akkisitit 0.40.4, welt • bernt
.gg,,,dsvedfalty.ose.ies.e4gfeetalogittliet, altheogtilsit!
• w". 14,14„ _ Ml44l,.ti!kdkil loofPitigs,4ochopesere entertained!
,g-f.:Pe.F. !oCeillYypt, .7.6 b. bad. been etre party in Pad
, . -
qtegforsaitteet, with heraisseLsied ethers, and en t her
wing into: her ...bed-mons, -.She. bkwelle IMO!? sifter
.... Dot witk.:4er Sitriekss a.ed .site. was in one.bilose•
• .1. PreOption of wejipPiPg the bedalide carpel mend '
r 1
....,, ....,. taken by Abe servant,. but ler -pitmen*
• which were of very light teller., were reduced D
tinder. She his sentabsed senseless since the c,stss-
tr9Phe: a -..: ' . . .. .
:.• PIDMKTAKIsit•=-The greet match of 15 wilily
•IsetereewOld Tom, as nick“ineved,'who is berketcbil
Colonel. Berton. and Rainer, the celebrated Kentish
pedestrian, backed bye some Kentish amateurs, east
eites•inore sporting interest tban.eny other whirls has 1
taken piece since that between Reiner and Captain
Barclays grauna,• esadht?sy sums are betted tleilljew I
the event. The Winner is hacked to do the first 104
miles within the hoer, and the whole distance ill an
boor and 31 tninties. •
'Caudell TO 'TMADRSINEN.—Information leafytr
ceired at the Queen-square Police-office.) esterday,
theta fellow, about 23 years old, five feet four inches
high, full face, and fair complexion, drested in blue
clothes, and a black silk handkerchief totted his
neck, is going about the town passing bed rotor, per- '1
porting to be of the Bath,- Exeter, and Semellet
Bank, connected with a Bank in Ireland, and nsde
payable in London. On Tuesday night he purchased
a watch at the shop of Mr.• Fuller, in • Doke-street,
Chelsea, and passed a bad 51. note of the above.de.
script' :he represents himself to be a Lieutenant in
the Navy.
The Greenwich murderer, k is said, has been tslcew
into custody. lia is said to he'a hoosekeeper. et: •
Black a all,. Holt has been impeached by his own seders-
The enormity oferimes in the country oneuestineo.
ably appeal-4 on the decline. In the Jail C4leoder,
for Yorkshire there are only fifty.sis Prisoners" foe
trial, and•not One for murder.
SINGULAR CASE.— On Wednesday a lify gag
whipped through the streets of Glasgow, pursuant to
his sentence, for returning frOenttnishment; .
is

1. NDON Print•d and tPubti.hed by D. iLoytas..•l
STATOMAri 1:14* mu, SKEbbury-crun, flat. Crrl

L
