S Tit T hiRR ND .

(110/4 LA NINEM
Fatuous.--General improvement was maklog
greet progress here. It was notosciog as with the
plague of enlightenment. Our great aristocretes,
ndbe at the bead of affairs, pressed forward to save
us from the coutagion. Already sr. we indebted Is
them for therti(OrSllol% of torture and the other Mkt
of ecclesiastical tyranny. The return of the Jesuits
is the keystone of the arch, and we are destined to
see revived those good old times, when a few families
deigned despotically over the whole muse of their fel.
Rise-citizens, educated and moulded by Monks.
The re-action in Switzerland basset met with the
same obstacles as in France. The old regime of rule.
sions and prohibitions is gradailly returning. Tito
Patrician Order is at the present moment in the
Cantons of Berne, Soleure, and Fribourg, very
neatly as absolute as ever it was. The equality of
rights, guaranteed to all the Swiss, is became only
a chimera.
Even the democratic Cantons theasselves are in-
volved its this torrent of re-action. The Pays de
Vied, that pert of Switzerland which had always
hitherto been the constant asylvm of liberal opinions
and instititutions, is wandering piety day farther
from the track in which it used to march. There
will soon remain within of democracy in it, but its
arms, on which are engraved—Liberty, CeLotry.— •
A change in the Constitution, proposed suddenly,
and 'shaving become s.ecessary through the many po-
litical ctisrs of the list few years, has 'mid in that
State the foundation of s real etistocrscy. Scarcely
was this change effected, than the word cithers was
banished. its place was supplied, as fag as the Pub-
lic Authorities sere concerned, by some of the styles
and formalities in use under the old Government, and
our men of the Revelation, who now rale the Pays
de Viet', received the title of right honorable.—
he mode of election to the Great Council (which is
the ernominstion of the Legislative Body) secures to
the Government an immense innience over the no-
rniostions, and there is scarcely any one ever chosen,
but its Agents and Officers. A new law has likewise
given to it nearly the whole power of appointing the
Officers of the Militia ; and we are daily ',petting
new laws respecting the admission of substitutes.
The policy which legislates our Governors, displays
itself more clearly. Public ',Meets mused of mil.
vetsstion are displaced, or obliged to give in their
resignation, without enquiry into the off 1.
leged against them. The Press is in a state of slavery
till now unknown. The smallest town has its Cen•
sot, its Inspector of Books, and this eastern-hoes.,
of thought does not suffer the most trilling contra-
band word to pass. Such is the state of Polities in
that Canton of Switzerland which has been termed
the focus of Jacebinism. Will it be believed It is
to the neighbouring Powers, and especially to France,
that the booster is ascribed of putting the Press into
that unmitigated slavery which prevails throsighodt
itzerlencl. The persons who profit by the viten.
tsion of their 'enmity do not fail to cause it to be

LONDON:
TUURIDAY, IMAY 13, 1819.

In the Parliamentary proceedings of yesterday, it
will be ob d that the Member for Carlisle made
some very proper remarks upon the exemption of the
'loyal Family ham turnpike tolls. Nothing can he
Isom grating to the feelings of the People at large
than to observe that, from time to time, the several
brandies of the Hord Family have had very large
sumg added to their incomes, and yet they seek to
enjoy exemptions and immunities of even• kind.—
Tisy may thank Mr. CURVE!! for endeavouring to
take them nut of ro invidious a situation. Ile, no
doubt, oink. that tech conduct as this, and the
Duke of Yons's 10,0001. a yew, may be likened to
w hat gave rise in past to the French Revelation ; hut
which *es most unquestionably hastened, by tile en-
rrontiments of the Royal Futility, the ambition and
desire of esclasive privilege in the Nobles, and,thnugh
last not least in oar esteem, the covetousness cf
the Clergy.
From this we torn to what passed in the same A'.
sembly, end which has much of the ludicrous blooded
with the disgraceful—the Election for Penryn. It
is impossible to refrain from laughter at the answers
given by the witnesses to some of Sir C. BURRELL'.
questions, though they fill the mind with disgust when
it is recollected that the beings, whether Sir Magma
Loess or others, were to boogie gram LEGI LIMON.
sitting in deliberation on the fitness or otherwise of
the punishment of death for this or that offence. In
Goo's name, let a stop be pet to this odioes and in.
Bolting career by some means or other. Let us net
submit to be bought and sold la lib foal wsy ! !
It seems wonderful to us That the few really virtuous
m►n (for such there are) in this House of 101111111111 re
do not start up, when they ►ear advocates softening
the ridence in order to keep up the trade of eons's.
lion, and racial. that they eon hear it se longer, bet
will quit such disreputable company. We mast,
however, qeit the subject, or our ledignetion wield
curry Os ton far for predates and for ear general
designs of Reform.

The BA Kt, this first of kidded Ills, is still upper.
most In people's minds, nor can it ever mode from
the range of the public eye spin, till its 'Gies are
'diluted is some satisfactory way or other. rt re.
quires more than the report of • cannon to awaken
general suspicion : the two Reports, by the Commit-
tee of the herds, and the Committee of the Com.
mons, however, ►gee together done it, without meas.
ing so to do. It will never be forgotten that, as well
as sharing 10 per cent. per assent upon their sleek,
that this rich (though actually bankrupt) Company
of Merchants did not know how to dispose of their
overflow of profit, as the usual way of riesling at
little bonuses to the subscribers did sot come op to
the necessity of the case. The Directors. therefore,
about two years ago, pre to the whole proprietary
en addition of 25 per coat. each, four hundred pounds
stock being thereby raised to fire hundred !!
litre was moderation for you ! The Proprietors
amber stock or rather fund.holders, for money lent
loth@ Government, could make bet Three sod Three-
gee eters per Cent. of their money ; white these loam.
;roosted Stockholders, by the condemnable favour of
the Governmen►, were tasking Ten per Cent. on
' theirs, with blanking bonuses beside! This ors..
grown, giaut.like concern, nevertheless, stalks op to
the face of the some yielding. imb►cile Government,
and says, pay me whet you owe me or
Thnegh these concerns and arrangements were not
made tripartite origioally. they aze of necessity be.
come so now, for the Pustdc is apart", and sr ill
and shall be costa bring the criminal communication
to a final settling.

We received this morning the Paris Papers of
Sends' and Monday.
" la the Chamber of Pierson Saturday, the Doke
ea haocuo reported home the Commission aps.ointed
to 'amine the Prejel importing offences committed
by Reins of the press. The Report recommended
the adoption of the Projet ; it vies metered to be
printed. * Commission was appointed in myelin,
the Projel respecting the abolition of tile Draft
d'Arbaine.

" In the Clamber of Deputies, a great nomber of
Petitions from many different department*, pray.
ing for a diminution of the 131 on wines were re.
felted to the Commistinn on Wart and Ileens. The
&tuition of the Projd retpeeting the 'lnuit through
Aline wu doted, on the -eratiny there ppretted

rotes in its Amor, and SO against it. It wa•, there.
fore, declared tp be adopted by the Chamber.
French Fire $r Cents. 661. 23c.

" PARIS, MAY B.—The Jee►eel des Debals •nil
the Qmolidienne have statod that there was a tweak
at Cheronne, the Mb nit. in which the life of the
Cure was endangered. Dire Jowls*ls add, Is that
the cries it bet la estate ! h la lamlereel resounded
as in the finest days of the Revolution." There is
no troth whatever in this statement, except that slime
was a slight dispel., wholly unconnected with Witt.
tai opinions, soil which neither required nor orra.
sinned anyjodiciol interferenc►. Wr positively deny
that the cries 6 has la talons! 4 la la:dente! were
ever uttered, we that the Cori tan say personal risk
whatever.

" M. MAURICZ I•errvnr, who has avowed him.
pelf the editor of the Historical Library, and M.
CUCIIIILT Ut MONTACLOT, author r•f the Grey Man
and of the Liberal, have been remanded helm, the
Correctional Police, on aerosol of the promotions
against them for the al sir of the Suits.
" The reparation of the hotel liszamoarr, in.
tended to receive writers condemned to imprisonment
for political offence', is being flurried on aids activity.
" The pe►pons cordemtird for the plot to carry off
the ElPpiPret ALtxArcnr s, Berth, Pouliot, Lacroix,
and Bet hrz, luve■ppealed to the Court of Caesarian.
" Am interesting Report is given of a Gemmel
Meeting of at Society for Elementary lament-tine
(the seine 111 oar Lasicsiteriari Associations), at shit*
the Doke sir Rocittroursuzn presided. The rapid
progress, the a•tonisbing results of the labours of
the Society, which has scarcely waisted four years,
were eloquently described by the President.
_ _

" The difficulties between the Peeve and Russia
seem to molliply. 'be Penis has net given wit-
faction for some went insight' offered I. the Russian
Ambassador, and appears e'en not swilling to listen
to any representations en the sehjeet. Russia eon.,
plaints, that the Divan has compelled Prieto KeIIAOJA,
I:s.llotrodar of Water-his, Se quit his pest before ohs
time fisrd by the Treaties, by *vide; in him sell.
foundrd alarms fer his life. 'this affair is not ter-
ininaterl.

" MAY 9.—The King, this morning, merited the
Prince,, the Ministers, the Members of the toe
Chambers, the Parr! Da TA LLLYaIA aro, the Marshals, ;
ke. An Ord v hes been issued, containing
long regulations rerpecting ob. Police and diffetent
works eequired to keep in order the piers of Calais.
" Seeccnotst, Aralt.2l.—Some French Journals,
following the Foreign Papers, mention the begionieg
of a misunderstanding among the Northern Powers,
respecting the ion which the Menarche, in Con-
gress, at Ais.la.Chapeite, sought to ezettise ea the
interests which remain ens/41W between the Coeds
of Sweden and Danmark for the debts of Norway.—
it is particularly announced, that the answer of the
King of SWEDEN to Ilia fear Polurays, bed 'sae.
been equally well rreeived by each of them, end
especially by the I.:nippier ALMA NDICIA.••-•-••
Then Is nothing, moll all that is pobtished re.
.pectiag this affair, that appears to be real or peal.
tile, sad instead of coajecseres more or less vague:
we prefer to gratify the curiosity of our Readers by
the following anecdote, the sethenticity of which we
CIO gumlike :—Dering the Gust cenfettoces which
tank place at Abe, in 1812. between the Earnest
ALexastica aged the Crowe Prieto of Swains (wow.
CUAILaII XIV.), concerning theltedellilill of Sweden
to the coalition, the Swedes who sidatinpanied the
Prince insisted that the Emperor ought to give souse
guarantee. Some wished to recover Finland se
far es Abe inclusively ; another party would -
have been coolest with the Isles of Aland sod
ell the territory as far es Uleeharg.---The
Marna AallaaLDT, by birth a Swede, anti then
Akintle.Camp to ALIKAIIIDEI, was of opinion that
Sweden aught immediately to obtain some grant.—;
General Ansaisere, also a Swede, and ire the service
of Russia, was of a contrary opinion. In nee of
ebesecenferences the Emperor, addtesslng himself to
the Crown Prince, said, ' I wergild with plastery
smoke the grants you desire, bet I am sure it would
degrade me in the eyes of my country ; I prefer gien►
ing up, if necessary, the isles of Owl, Ago, and
illgs.' The Crown Prince requested the F.mperroe vs
say frankly, if sock a concession would injure him to
the opinions of his subjects ? and epos being
glowered in the affirmative, rejoined, ' Very well.
then I renounce all guarantee, but that of your
word; and now hind myself to you.' The Emperor,
shaking him effectienately by the hand, said,' I will
never forget your loyal and generous reply.'
"'There •re too many /samples of the levity of
friendly sentiments among Sovereigns i • nevertheless.
it is ditficelt to believe that a hood, made wider each
circumstances, which has bees since en fregeently re-
. newel, can terminate ie a real missadessUinding,
I arising from the lightest motives."

We are sincerely glad to find 'that oar remarks
made in Ike SrAft:axe?? of Thorsday last on the
munificent sacrifice by the Marquis of CANDIN, has
called up so much anemias. We repast it, that bis
Lordship never Mid oat a sem of money so well. Ile
has purchased by it Ike good opinion of mankind.
which will Morn the best kind of interest to !linseed
his family, viben he is no snore. Bet why are Lord
A MIMI, Lord ELDON Lord GIaIIVILLC. Lord
LOWTIMR, CNN ofleffes alit, so slow In following so
Rood an eiample? Some of these Noblemen, sod
many others who might be mentioned, ore rolling in
wealth, while the Nation from which they base de-
vised it is struggling with poverty.
The Somata:4s, iiotwasv, feet a little jealogs Oa
Ki,. who was I.llCli a Jacobin. We shall not Le
I surprised. therefore, if the Holy Alliance come to a
resolaiims, that if Bsasmootrs reigns in Swedour
it must be by she grace of God mere than by the fa-
vour of other Crowned Heads. .

...
Mr. Face% motion for taking into eonsideratios
the Repoli of the Bank Committee, which stood It
nett!, i postponed to the folloniug Fr!Ils!.
