STATESMAN•.

I
~- • CAM Ut0.i...000.
CII
112 Wows, ,lea ii 3..—lirt :.swots hole Orli.
HMOs Toss teeth to the 10th of last *serroth, op le'
which time the Cates cootineed gels. The nese•
emits, with tharromelsoler of the so mid 'Oh de.
ischemos, 'menet, at Aseole Bay on the I7th, where I
the greatest exertion* were iermedletely =edt (Sr
toadies the animosities and atom, is order to their
preeeedieg in joie Uesit.Col. Wiltshire withoot loss
sf time: 120 waggon have begs employed 0014
oeceslee. As sots to ibis mosey teaches Grottoes
Tows, the assielesee ioneded for the frostier mill
completed. Th. anemendirs free ell the districts
, slink eacepted) any over complete ; we believe'
the
lest division from Telbegh to be on bet
the operation of the frootiei will not be decayed for
this lardy detschmeel. The lest &isles of the horses
for the impost, animal Is the Lop Kl..f es the
storsieg of the 4.1.1, its good order.
A smug tletschesest of the 54th Regboest bas bees
left et the toes .1 tiitewhage, for its protective.
From menveintleatioss which I hoe had with the
6lrre people from Calfre.ikift, k seems that the
Chiefs expert to be sneaked, sad that they hese a
force is 'tediums to ester the Colony as seen as they
shall have eseettaised that see troops have move d.—
Up... 1011001111, to that elect lately, they threw for.
said =vocal detached parties, which retired epos
findifig their informatios to have bees knotted.
Access's from the Orange Riser state, that seem
Comma had arrived there frost Maliploje, sights.
formstioo that Cooorold Bays, his wile, ebildreer,
slaves, sod people bad been all murdered by the
Boorsponlessa. He lass moving to the East•ard,
sod it Is believed, that he was waylaid, and destroyed
by seder of the Chief Matibie. Div eceient tows
from lb. Rod Calm; bet although it has bees re.
pouted through metal chassels, it apples to re•
quire teallniation.
--....--...--.-,--a•-•

QUE.BF.C.

We received yesterday farther advice' front Qty.
her, I. tho 7th tieptember. They ensomenicate she
following details of she funeral ceremonies which were
observed epee the 'element of his Grace the Dukes(
of Richmond, on the 4th alt.:—
His Grace's resales were conveyed from Mentreel
to Quebec in a steee.baet. At tee o'clock, as the
seising at the 2d of September, they were re-
moved free the vowel, sad placed epee a hearse
epee the King's Whatf, at Quebec, hem whence
it
was conveyed to the Chattels of St. Leah. *Heed-
ed by eke Heneerable Members et the Legislative
and Emotive Councils, the Chief J ostler, the
Rishop of Quebec. end Clergy. sod he whole of
the Mors of the Stet, escorted by els Seld.pieces,
guard of hones, of the 604 rile. wilk the bend of
that corps playing a deed muck, the lags of tbe
',irises and of the shippleg being hoisted belKilinels
sad &este gees brig era during the preeeeslerr•
Me Grace's remains were placed is a lower retire in
the Chat..., where they lay testate ea toter ecleck,
es Saturday, the 4th of September, when they were
removed to the place of interment is the Cathedral,
Church et Qtrebee, le the tonsorial; order s
The shale of the troops compesieg the gutless
of Quebec, coeststieg eta large delachmeut of Rdyet
Alsillery, with lb lietd.pieces with tickled mstchre ;
the whole of the rile battalion. the 66th and 76th
regiments, composed the kermal snaking party, and
formed a line emending from the door of the Chateau,
passing the &emelt Church through the snarket-pisee,
up Garden•streel, to the great west entrance of the
Cathedral.
On the corm being brought eat, the cellar sad
'misfile of the Order of the Garter, with his Grace'/
military appointments, being I laced ea the celba, the
whole of the troops presented aims. O a its being
placed ea the hearse, the troops tooted ow their bras,
r std.
The precession then moved forwsrd. It was coem-
posed of all the pri4cipsi persons attached to th
politic. military, sad civil departments. A military
band playid the Dud Merck ie Saul. The hearse
was draws by four horses, and ihe horses were co-
vered with crepe. The lists
Ducheseay, the
Hee. R. Percival, the Iles. Jollier Powell, West..
Colonel Harvey of the forces, Liest.-Cebteel Oval.
bore. end Colour% Wilson, Commandant of the
Gentofte, elleiated as pall bearers es this melee.
chatty osculate. The mourners were. Major Mace
hod, his Grace's; relative Sir Charles Sallee ;
Col. Ready, Private Secretary ; and Meier Bowies,

Insittery necrttary.
The Ofievra of the Private and Military Seeteta•
rim, Officers of bia Grace's hooashold, followedand a
by
his Grace's led horse, grooms and servants,
company of grenadiers of the Ifith regiment, with
their area 'ensued sad pikes trailed, closed the pre-

COMA nil.
The draws of the different corm covered stilt
'pe, rolled se die corpse poised. The winteryrape,
lo
band filed off at the door of the Cathedral Church
it
-
yard, sod condected It up as vette aisle, sloes
was plated so a platter,. the isoerners ressialsg
an the body. A signet was gives, when fifties
oleos sere fired.

Net Isosii, seastalog Is the totter of their Aerie!,
'bat spar the base ?sleep" if analog a large to-
taled fiosi Ow palate by great Imes if sates. bel-
lowed epos e. other secatity Hee poblic esalidestee
sod legislettee motility.
.44 Tito Moo apprised's mow fast, erWo the etc( sill
be separated from the gram; the public calamity
mated by ibis infatossion, bas Wawa the Legioio.
tares of seam' States to pass laws, 'blob, eltb pro.
ptlety, eaten bo termed Test Laos, sloes wilds pe-
riod mosey 4 at.. Instil sagas bows gime to " test, as
wed base bait obsessed for thee time past.

.111 CORRESPONDENTS. •
*0 A New. lon, coati " The amble. Lade." witdly ea/
well w tee. bet the tobjeet mitre Olt of se eataleitoos
estote DM we rower elegant to tirg epos it.
ONPaIII4 Cosessre ovine" win be p
tbel lowed to observe.
tbeoßmi.e of our ewe eeetweri wee of it. reef loped•
ewer to glee way to 111•1/ dlotwaiewe w Irteweb attire.—
The is pre ogle nose of die two letters Mier wasweettal te.

----___ _
PRICE. (IF STOCKS TIIIS DAT AT ONE IrcIOCI,.
Rank Rork llper Cm*. N.', 10Sj 1111 1091
!per Cent. Rol. I.N. Nes& 111 14 pm.
I per Cam. Car. OHM JAM Ass.
SI per CeAL 1114eirer MA 11 Mi.
4 per Cott. women iii pa
Crossalisfor ce.olll.

THE STATESMAN.

SATILISDAT 1111111/10, OCTOUR 9, 1819.
...........
We yesterday gate se access' which was not
seat diieerly to es) of another Weeded Meeting
of the People in the metropolis, to colleen epos their
vi , sad to devise upon lb. best woes of
reienving thee. We hoer, le Ibis day's Searles:4m,
published a correct and getheaticated notice of each
Meeting, eat made up by a large hiatus, gad a eilla•
bet of link stars: bet skit the sooleaces templet.•
le seems it is requested by asses ghee, end other
.f the Mends of this Joureal, vibe distinguish it by
the *twe et the " Paper of the Peep's.," thereby arse.
plimee dug it and its Editor together, that it aboal( d sp.
pear authentically la the SrArunin. The Atha
sr hkh mem pag les this eel ice to r inset dee, is se lick el.
ly flattering, sod forcibly elicits same kind of *bar.
cation from the Editor.
We feel it locumbeet epos us to declare, however,
that we do Dot perilcipate le may wet la the slows of
those who are seined le smuggle' this bailors.— 1
The Week of each a measure is certaiely egolvoesl.
We eoesidee tint, to toy the least el it, the lelleem
of Public Meatiep sill loss meth of its osefelms,
and may be vitiated end rendered injurious by
tech fregeeet repetitive of them la ewe spoi,l
ri
mod leafy for see mule, sod irlii4el, glibli
hes been before aeswered. Besides, theogb ,Ii
reluctant to ester on such s geettlee, .4 i,
quite sere that the repute end geolilleetioge 'IR
leaders are each as to wore public respect soli ism.
earpiece in goy ingot degree. They gorlaiely
se
lieve
est that sort of *lest sod intermit wltielt
lasers confidence is the shill of the "metal WAIF—
Our *aperients of thee, es far es their merit goes, Is
merely of a Negative cost, gad surely something more
mist be necessary in the magical' of g Patriot
than that soppositioes emitter* of escapieg fres
oppressive god eureasenable ledielmeol.

Seversi States ef.Gerssany esidloit et this eh
a say singelsrly striking pietas,. on which the be.
flimsiest observer canoe net Misty. withoet feeling
spsipttby for the seljects of these (for ritejogeded
triply them hams. belogs ere!). A few were was Cow
yews es Neve bees held of late es the Coolineods t;i
end the .etas. of a few more web attempts as Lor
Stostouvu sod CAsTLZIMAGIS to sileoce the Plea
in England; sod then sees ell oter &rope is Amos,
hark its his tights, and the been sled isle
des% darkness, perhaps fee ars toad Then
would, is a short time, be ow more Seadspechools
sod Bible Societies s es the of tyreitey sat
odes of slavery repeat of what his been dome in
this wsy ; sod mess to soy, in the emphatic words
of Vomits., " if the people me ealighteeed, est
retie is meetly over I I"

Oar Treasury Jeer's'is wee to weirder that
Le Gower, a well.etittew Freeett Paper, should
delimitate the Assembly at Car%abed a
roteLiberickk
Coocress. Why, what is wore amoral or mo
sleet their to call that libertickle *hick trade to de.
story liberty I
They talked es lite Gallant 'tiro Condlisliess
while their respective Cosmoses's were is hazard of
sebum's's ; bat sew, the denser over, their Co..
tresses sod Crochet, are esetrislog shackles, both
religious earl political. This doctriee west be
preached fro. the pulpit ; this liege's' be held from
the chair; is abort, the Cherclres sad Uoirerrlties
west reed sot teach seythlog bat by a sic vole or

ss leipriester.
The arts of eyn•lal sad Ostia, are mskla4 n.
pid strides le Amain. Several artists le the former
breech ere ass le !modes, sad we
t•e
upset nee
le en specimen of their Mints e• the sew Bailin

Bask-ooto.
In espy leg the Resolutions of the Richouted Meeting
of Volubly, there was as oatissloo of cos.witkh
we dem It unissary eels to sotko, awl whisk we
hos the more plumose to looting, ss oar ionstite.
Hood follow Joetoslists will shoe molly olds ear.
otos ie the entdit of it. A fteseletion of Thanks
was voted to Ai Times Srarssmig, Norehy
Ckroisklie. Stir, Brita Prat, sad Globe, for
disk spirited soil hoolserakto emotion le the olio of
Oa Moolsostor storm, sod dolt reprobstioo of
tko atrocities manilla% at that place on liso 16th
1 ally of Am. hot!
