THE STATESMAN.

fled with Adjutant-General, Brito Muzinho, and
nith my Milli:l.y Secretary, Brigadier Lemos, both
of whom accompanied me. during the battle; and
also ‘bith all my Stall.
I sAbjcin a return of the loss of the army of his
Royal Highness in the battle of the 47th. The loss
of the enemy must have been immense, as appears
from the statements of the prisoners, and the
wounded, whom he almodotted, when he made his
movement towards our left. 11c left on the field of
battle more than 2000 killed, and several of his
Generals have been wounded. Brigadier-General
Simon was made prisoner, and time Officers whom
we have taken say, that Generals Merle, Lacune,
and Grandorge, are among the wounded.
;May God guard your Excellency.
W. C. BERES1:0111),
Marshal and Commander in Chief.
Head-quarters, Coimbra, Selo. 30, 1810.
Tel I) .11 M i,4ur I Peveira f'.njaz.

Ai -ived. Alailb. Due.
1
0
0
0
1
0

it Ch 111.• i.. 11 I'IDS Y AT ONE (Et LOCh.
per Cent. Red. 65yy 19 per Cent. Cow. 6Gilia
Omnium 5 dis.

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON;

•-••••......
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 272 1810.

We this morning received German Papers to the
14th inst. BERNADOTTE arrived at Hamburg), on
the 11th, and was received with every possible ho-
nour. Great preparations are making in Denmark
and Sweden to receive him. It is said, he is created
Generalissimo of all the Swedish forces. An arti.
cle, dated Geneva, 23d of September, states, that
the Queen of llot.tAND had set out for Paris, and
that Juscvnixt is to go to Neufchatel. Part of the
French troops at Geneva have marched fur Spain.
...The Archduke CHARLES, it is said, is to re.
slime the dignity of Generalissimo, on the Ist
of 11,2zt month. --The late KING Of HOLLAND
has left Toiilitz for Gratz, to pay a visit to
the Emperor of AUSTRIA ; and, it is added,
that he will afterwards go to France. The French
EMPEROR is pursuing English commerce through
every part of the Continent. The regulations, re-
specting colonial producc,that arc iii force in France,
will be established throughout tilt:whole:confederation
of the Rhine ; and an Imperial Decree, dated Fon.
tainbleau, the 21 instant, ordains that all sorts of
colonial produce, which shall henceforth enter the
Duchy of Mecklenburgli, the province of Lauen.
burgh, thellanseTowns, and all the countries situated
between the sea and the line of the French customs,
from the Rhine to the Baltic, are subjected to new and
uncommon duties, whether such goods be imported
with licences, or proceed from prizes, &c. Raw
sugars pay 300 francs per quintal ; cocoa WOO
francs ; Brazil, Cayenne, and Demerara
cotton, 800 francs..--Other articles, in these Ger-
man Papers, will be found interesting.

Paris Papers were received yesterday, from which
we have made extracts. The most remarkalde arti-
cle they contain, is a Decree of BONAPARTE re-
specting domestic servants. It, in fact, imposes
upon that useful part of the community, the most
hurthensome and odious slavery. What motive
BONAPARTE can have in passing this Decree, it is
not easy to devise. Success, and an uncontronled
will seem, at length to have led him to actual insanity.
It is said, there is a Moniteur in town, containing
MassENA's official account of the battle of Busaco,
in which he boasts of having driven the. British
before him, and of having taken a gteat number
of prisoners. He concludes with saying that he
was in full and close pursuit of the British, with
his sword nearly in Lord WELLINGTON'S back.
We do not know, that there is any such document ;
and if there is, such rhodomantadc is unworthy of
notice. It has, however, been said here, that
by the sue:.essful movement which MASSEIA directed
to Sardao, and by the rapidity of his march to turn
the left of the Allies, he succeeded in getting pos.
session of Figueras before the whole of our maga-
zines had been removed from thence to Peniche.
It is added, that a quantity of provisions fell into
his hands, and we have no doubt the seizure will
be augmented in his report of the battle and its
consequences) in thellionfteur, whenever that ap-
ap,peatii.

Private accounts state that the object of the Em.
peror of A USTRIA'S visit to nark is to concert some
measures with BONAPARTE relative to Spain, the
Sovereignty of which it is proposed to confer on the
Archduke Cunt Les.

We have this day given Marshal BERESTORD'S
Dispatches to the Portuguese Government, giving
an account of the battle of Busacol to which we
refer our Readers.

A Report prevailed yesterday morning that Lord
WELLINGTON had sustained a signal defeat. IVe
could trace this to no authentic source, and there
was no arrival from Portngal ; therefore we
treated the report as a fabrication, and it turns out
to be such, in order to dt.pre.s the Funds, which it
effected. The double crime of 4 frand of this na-
ture scarcely needs any words of indignation to
itecivnpany it ; but we could nisi; to guard the pub.
lie mind (tom being played upon by Mercenary and
worthless beings.

GERMAN PAPERS.
[taIIIVED THIS DAY.]

HAmitntom, OCT. 12.—A discharge of the can-
non yesterday, at seven o'clock in the morning, an.
nounced the arrival of his Royal Highness the Crown
Prince of Sweden within our walls. His Royal
Highness alighted at the house of Senator Schulte,
and received the, felicitations of the Authorities of
this town. The Prince has in his suite the Chamber-
lain,Count Monier ; two French Colonels, his Aid_
decamps, and many other persons.--(Supplement
to the .dbeilk du Nord, Oct. 13.)

GcriEvAl SEPT. 23. —llcr Majesty the Queen of
Holland set out to-day for Paris. The Empress
Josephine is to go to Neufchatel.

All the French troops at present here, were this
morning reviewed; a part of these troops after.
wards marched for Spain.—(Same Paper.)
PETERSBURGHt SEPT. 4.—The Court Gazette of
this day contains an article from Tarnapol, con.
corning the solemnities and fetes, which have taken
place on the occasion of the reunion of that part
of Gallicia to the Russian Empire; at the end of
this article it is said—

" Already we actually feel the effects of the so.
licitude of our new Sovereign ; the superfluous
troops have set out from this. The Provisional
Government has established order and safety, and
deign to pay attention to our prayers and representa.
firms ; in a word, we feel that we are in our own
country, and effectively that we belong to the great
family of Alexander the First."—(Same Paper.)

VIENNA, SEPT. 22.—1 t is said that the ci.ilevant
Elector of Hesse proposes to withdraw from the
Banks of London and llamburgh, &c. the large
sums which he has in them, and employ them in
the purchase of ecclesiastical property.—(Scne
Paper.)
LIEBAU, SEPT. 30.—Count Gottorp has left this
place for Riga, where, it is said, he means to cm.
bark.--(Correspondent, Oct. 13.)
VIENNA, OCT. 3.—A division of the Russian
squalruti in the Black Sea compelled, on the 22d
of July, the Turkish Fortress Suhumkale, on the
coast of Abyssinia, to surrender, with the loss of
109 men; 64 pieces of ordnance were found in the
furtress.--(Correspondent, Oct. 13.)
lIAMBURGII, OCT. 12.—Mr. Eudel, Director of
Customs, has communicated to our Senate an Im.
perial French Decree, bearing date Foutainbleau,
3d October, 1810, enacting that all sorts of Co-
lonial produce, which shall henceforth enter the
Duchy of Meeklenburgh, the province of Lauen.
burgh, the Hanse.towits, and all the countries si.
toated between the sea and the line of the French
customs, from Rhus, on'the Rhine, to the Baltic,
are subjected to uncommon duties, specified in the
aunezed tariff, whether imported with licences, or
proceed from prizes, confiscation, or seizure :
" Raw sugars, pay 300 francs per quintal; cocoa,
2300 francs ; Brazil, Cayenne, Surinam, and De.
merara cotton, 800 francs," &c. &c. &c.
The same tariff has been introduced in the Duchy
of Mccklenburgh, by an Edict of the reigning Duke,
of the 6th of this mAnth.....(Correspondent, Ode.
ber 13.)

His imperial Highness, the Archduke Charles, is
to resume the dignity of Generalissimo on the first
of nett month.--(Correspondent, Oct. in
FRONTIERS or BOHEMIA, OCT. B.—Count St.
Leo hot Tuesday left Toplimz, with his retinue, for
Gratz, to pay a visit to his Majesty the Emperor
of Austria.—(The same Paper.)

BERN, SEPT. 24.—Her Imperial Highness the
Grand Duchess Constantine of Russia, returned the
day before yebterday from the mountains. The
same day arrived from Nurenburgh his Highness
the Hereditary Prince of flolstein-Oldenburgh, with
his suite, in order to go over the mountains, and
the little Cantons, over the St. Godard. his Ex-
cellency, the Royal Saxon Minister and Chamber-
lain, V. loge, is likewise arrived in Berne. Re.
port says that 15 rooms are kept in readiness at
Nuvenburgh for the reception of her Majesty the
Empress Josephine, who is still expected there.
SALTZBURG, SEPT. 28.---Yesterday arrived here
his Excellency the Royal Bavarian Commissary,
Count Charles Prussin, Commissary of the circle
of Passau, in order to take possession of our
country, for the Crown of Bavaria. The Royal
Bavarian Minister, Count Montegelas, arrived at
Reichenhall on the 25th inst. and the day before
arrived General Count Wrede, at Mondsu, in the
district of the Inn, in order to receive the homage
of the new subjects.
MUNICH, SEPT. 30.—Extraordinary great pre-
parations are made for the nuptial festivities of our
Crown Prince : they will begin the 12th, and last
to the 15th October. There will be a grand arti-
ficial firework on the Mar, Joseph's.place, and the
Castle of Nymphcnburg and its gardens will be su-
perbly
FRANKFORT, OCT. 2.—lt is said that the regnla-
(ion, in which all kinds of colonial goods are load.
ed with imposts in France, will be successively fol.
lowed by all the states of the Confederation of the
Rhine.

Comm tor.v, OCT. G.—Pursuant to a Royal
Order, the Chamberlain, Count Molke ; the Di-
vision-Adjutant, Von Gluan ; ■nd the Gentleman
of the King's Bedchamber, Molke; are to receive
his Royal Highness the Crown Prince of Sweden,
