more especially giving to the Government the
punishing persons uttering seditious cries or speeder
using calumnious or injurious words, eithet assns, 14
King, or any member of the Royal Fornlis. ; c., eh.
deavouring by any object or expressi. s I nr,t
or weaken the Royal authority. Tile putil-hmett,
flounced against those who may be
such climes, is imprisonment propnrtioned t,, ill?
• offence—surveillance, under the authority of ti,„
High Police—privation of the right,. of vArlitz,
eligibility of qualification for public and admist;sha.
live fent lions—and of bearing arms. The Propossi ef
this low was prefaced by a speech from the 11!-,i;l„
(11,t„liE m Attunes), in which are stated:Cie existence
of a serious esil, the necessity of applying a speedy
remedy, and the inadequacy of the present lass to
foltil that object. This speech acknowledges aim the
French Government.has long laboured to conceal, that
" extraordinary circumstances interrupt the order
and accustomed proceedings of the Goveratriettt_
that the rebels endeavour, by means of audacity, to
recover their lost advantages : they are enccootiaersid
by impunity —they have their signs arid rall)kg
points—and their proceedings distort) social ordpr.it
This is a too-convincing proof of the event and
energy of the party hostile to the existing
tnewt—a humiliating confession for the adherents of
the BOURBONS. Is this the " devoted kite „f
Louis's children towards their father and legitimate
Sovereign, which mourned in his at:sluice, and hailed
with unanimous joy his •rest oration ? Is this tie
loyalty of the French proplo, momentarily con-
strained by military violence, but ardent to display
its purity and ardour at last ? This speaks a lan-
guage, which even the COMM(' its of the Mibi,e,
himself cannot render unintelligible. Re affects to
designate the faction as week and contemptible—
why then the necessity of all this correction, this
penal infliction, and the 66 vigour beyrgd the
law," which foreign bayonets supply, if the exer•
tines of re-hellion only manifest its insignificance?—
But it is unnecessary to dwell on this proof of
Louts's popularity and the wisdom of his Ministers.
We cannot, however, help observing in this place,
that there appears something elem.& guy absurd and
inconsistent in this proceeding of the French Go-
vernment, if we advert to what may be a material
cause of the dissatisfaction here denounced ail erimi.
nal, and the conduct of Louts and the Chambers
themselves, in regard to the regret expressed on the
disadvantageous terms of the Convention, or
as some call if, the Treaty of Peace. What has
been disclosed on this subject bas excited true + dis
content in minds otherwise favourably disposed to.
wards the existing authority ; and the King himself,

LONDON:

SI %TURD 4Y, OCTOBER (21, 1815.

The Paris Papers of Tuesday arrived this fore-
noon ; and we have also some most interesting pri-
vate communications from the French capital, to the
date of the Journals received.

Kith both Chambers, hone expresso(' comitletstillt

These arrivals, like every !Wide of intelligence
%Mel' we have received from France for some time

grief and dissatisfaction on this head ; yet the peo.
pie are to be punished fur giving way to the es.
psst, afford the most convincing proofs that the new
pression of, perhaps, settees-regrets and opinions!
Government, and the Powers who support it, are la- •
bowing in satin to rebuild the fabric of abominable t But these are not all the proofs of elver which
Louis and his Council of Royals, and parasites of
despotism which public indignation had overthrown,
and that contempt and abhorrence, and a more ge- Royal Despots, are giving. The wiser and less sin.
natal and determined hostility to the oppressive and guittary part of the Deputies recommended in the
execrated system sought to be established, are the um-
discussion on the above law, that punishment
(oral results of their policy, instead of that gratis
should not apply to the past, but to the future;
tude, respect, confidence, and tranquillity, which
but the King's Ordinances are more comprehensive,
are the fruits of humane end liberal government, and have a retrospective as well as prospective effect.
gi
Tise fonds have fallen to 56, a striking proof of the We ve copies of some furnished by she Getelle
Ofliciet!e, which show that his Msjeste's memory his
state of public confhlenoss: and this at. a time when
. not failed him as to the devotion evinced towards him
it is proclaimed that Peace has been concluded, eine' by the late army, livid that Bossascee Princes, as any
the Government is putting forth all its strength ! The
cannot forget such things, neither can they forgive
Government is, indeed, doing what it can to repress
them. One of these Ordinances is for dismissive, MI
the growing spirit of hostility to its views ; but
the Officers employed under BONAPARTE, and stop•
what can a Government, so weak in itself, end so ping their pensions ! This Ordinance was signed so hr
generally disliked, effect ? The germs of hatred are back as the '2oth September, though not promulgated
multiplied ten-fold by every act of severity which it till now. The old army is therefore now extrrtni•
inflicts. It cannot, even with all the aid of the hon. nated, and it must be admitted, that Louts and er
deeds of thousands of foreign mercenaries, who are Councillors have played a very deep game in areor•
exerting themselves to give it stability and the means plishing its annihilation, though all the effects of the
of commanding respect, lessen, in the smallest degree, policy for Franc.. remain to be seen. This measere
the mere signs of that dissatisfaction and contempt alone must evidently increase the hostility tweeds
which are so widely cherished, and those wishes fur the Government to a very great and dangerout
its dowtsfal, which are so ornly and universally degree. As the slavery in which the French Press
expressed. The measure', ineffectual es they are is sunk, does not permit any clear ideas of tie
proved to be, which Louis and his Ministers arc state of the public mind and passel; events to teas-
now adopting, and their own public declarations, • spire through the Joureals, we s all here, preen,.
suffscientiv irelheite the strong and general hostility to entering on their contents, subjoin the fellook
of the public mind toward, the restored Government, interesting commeeiceion from a Gentleman of hie.
political consideration its France, friendly to the
and that they seem to apprehend the speedy bursting
of a popular storm that threatens to spread rebellion
through the land. It is already discovered that
the nose Chambers are by no means what France de-
sired and espected to see vested with the defence of
its rights nod the preservation of its institutions ;
and that although the unanimity so anxiously sought

co use of theBouRBON!

o Pad:, 0(07.

" Our principal hope now is, that the antiou,y
expected unanimity in the Chambers ail' so" th'
King and our country. The silence of our 1)1.,v
must give us abroad an appearance of tranquillity, /I"'
reality of which we do not let enjoy. The Boel-
partists and the Jacobins have renewed their
together, since the doss dal of the patron of the lit-
ter, M. Fouche. They now clea ihernselies
more activity than ever to escite rebellion three::: •
not the In::d ; and their audacity would be i!ic,""
ceivable were not the mildness of our Gaverwi
better known. Their place of re-union is in 1):11•••
the house of Madame ll—n, the fashionable beau''
of the da), who welcomes all those whose sereinteel,
are hostile to the Bourbons. The licence at d bele.
ness of the language uiteleil a ;thin tbo.e unlisi;"""I
walls, and afterwards circulated amongst the peal t'
cannot be surpassed. It is there openly reid
in two months our good King ,rill be murdered, • I
that as the Duke of Orleans con!in..es to refuse
Crown; the abdicati:m of Lionopv:e io favour 21'4

in support of the throne could be effected Hod pre-

served, but which, royalist as the Chambers are, is
far from being manifested on any point that is nigl.
fated, the Legislative Bodies want the power to save

either the Kina or the Country. No laws have yet
been found atonable to allay irritation, or repress

cli:turbance, though every day's Papers for a con-
siderable time have announced the punishment of
.a

number of pet,ettc for political offences. Sint lows

upon hies are enacted, and ()Moonlit:re follows or-

dotinasic, I.4ir the peuishrvent of sedition and at.

tempts at rebellion. In the Chamber of Deputies on
m„„day, the Renter of the 5.4115, by order of his

Majekty,ltnitted a Into, nI rh tenth more then

any thing dot di.clocett to demonstrate the general
inytessivit aeaiu,t tLe Curet:meta. 'Fbeiaw was for
