9r7

No 1307.

• A .Pri

J.•:_:1

CITY COMWOd HAbfh

particularly alluding into. his Councils—[There
was a general exclamation, "it is-lns insult to tie
country"]. Gentlemen, though I have used the
word moderation, I would not have you suppose
that at a crisis like the present it is the moderation
of indifference that will suit ,us. If my house
was on fire, I should not applaud those wbo woukl
play the engines moderately ; or if my vessel had
sprung a leak at sea and the crew- were called to
the pumps in order to save it from being lost, I
-should not say that they did their duty if they
.were to pump moderately. No, Gentlemen, the
means of providing for our safety must. be pro.
portioned to Om danger that assails as, and I am
persuaded in addressins this great .assembly that
while I am recontineadingyou to set with gimlets.
tien,- you mil at the same time act with wisdom
and firmness. [Applause.] Gentlemen, it ap.
pears to sue that the question you are called upon
sotemilly and seriously to consider is infinitely more
interesting than the one. which 'was formerly &Ai.
tated by your forefathers. I mean the question
of General Warrants. It is of more importance
in proportion as the search fur papers under a
general Warrant is of less consequence then seizing
ai man, capturing his person, and taking him to
prison, So far then the present question is more
igteristing than that which occupied the attention
Of the people 40 years ago. But, Gentlemen,'
it is no new question. Whatever may have been
said to the contrary in the House of Commons,
the authority of that Honourable House arbitra-
rily to commit and imprison men at its own plea'.
sure has repeatedly been denied. In the early
part of the last century there was a most solemn
address by* the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in
Parliament assembled to Queen Anne, denying
the right of the House of Common*" to commit
and impriikki persons for conduct which was cog.
nizable in Courts of Justice—they declared in
`their address, that if there is any power that can
eontrOul or prevent anypenon'from receiving the
,bekeit of the law, the person so controuled and
'Placed out of the protection of the law, ceases to
be a freeman; 'Phis is a declaration of the Hensel
of Lorthsthefisselves, upon an occasion when the
Home of Commons, ,as in the present instance,
claimed and exelicised the right of imprisoning the
subject. Gentlemen, I will not take up much of
your time upon this point,. becaustrit has been so
well disctissed In variod* ways. I am persuaded

slit FRANCIS nufedErr.

The City of London,. acting *ith its acCui-
toed energy,iisdosi, sus eensiatencyshaveaunc7
oiled the measure! recently adopted by the City
of Westmintter and the 'County. bf miudicsex,
and illYk• expressed theit Unqualified .disapprobi.
tat of the arbitrail and unconstitutional prooted..
jogs of the House of.Cous.
In conseqnence of a requisition to the LORI)
ktypit, signed by a Very considerable number of
toe Livery of Loudon, a Common Hall was yes.
acth betstoi‘tiii.ll•3ll in the City, totake into
cole•iderisituit the tlarmitig. assumption of prici-
ie,:o by the ilutniurabte the I( 'use of Commons
of arrotinit and itasprisonin4, during pleasure, th;
people of Entglatid. for offences Cognisable In the
usual Courts of Lai; . . •
By t*elio. 01/4404 this spacious Hall was filled
with two Livery, : but it was past one before the
Lord Mayor ant Alderthen came upon the tins.
Cogs. As they Passed they 'received those es•
proviuns of approbation or iudiciation which the
Livery considered they had atelited by their public

Curl NO. • .
The Lnho MATot wis ileteived with much sp.
plause. Alderman Cuatts ou thh cdtittary no
sooner presented himself than the- Livery con.
einem! him how very little chance he had of ever
representing the City of London &Ott:
..tivoans
and murmurs assailed his ear, mid tinny exclihned
" litnamber Wakkeren"
Mr. ALlernun SHAW met with i reception
Which marked the opinion fello*.eitigens en.
tertained of him ; there Weds biases froM every

part of the [tall. •
Mr. Sheriff WOOD Upon hit iatiince i►ar greeted

with loud acclamations. ' .
The usual Proclamation for silence havitig been
made, the Precept for calling thu Meeting was
read ; after Which;
The LORI) MAYOR. caste forward *I tWI
Gentlemen of the -Livery, I have the boned'. of
convening you this dayt in Consequence of the
rtquisition L hold in itty hand, which is signed by
a very Considerable number of the citiiens of this
most ancient and respectable City,--that reqeisi-
tinn I Shall Om, into .J 0 biaas..,44.l.be- counsel:.
r, in order that h'e may read it; and If any
Ocutleman eidii afterwards come forward abil de.
liver his sentiments, I trust„yeu will give•him a
candid and impartial hearing...E/Ve mill, exclaimed
th.: Livery.] •
The Requisition was now read. .•
Mr. FA V ELL—Gentlemen of the Livery,
when I survey the present appearance of. this
JIM, I cannot doubt for one moment that you
feel a deep interest in the common danger which
has made it necessary to call a Meeting of the
Livery this day. I am persuaded 'that you arc
Neatly in earnest; bet if you are not most seriously
;In earnest in defending your rights, I can assure
you that your enemies are itt earnest in their en.
deavours to take them away from yoit. When I
hail last the honour of addressing you, I did say,
. that from the extraordinary events which had hap,.
• peoeti since the time I 'before mblressed you, and
subsequent experience has confitmed my opinion,
that t itlimit the public vigilante of good men,
this Hall might he used for transacting the busi.
ness of Police Magistrates; but its doors would
be for ever shut against .sfreoimen. and that we
s Should have little to do but to sing a solemn dirge
1 over the departed liberties of our country. After
all titat has been done in
.violation of • Magna
Charta and the Bill of Rights, it must, I think,
be adtaittesl by every one that without the exertion
of a vigilant and active spirit among the People,
those *acre(' acts will prove but mere paper bar.
tiers 2,7,tiiist • despotism. It is Udt a short time
agn -since the people were told that they had no.
thing to do with the laws but to obey them, and
but little to do with the taxes except to pay them;
but now, Gentlemen i the question is, not whether
we are to obey the laws, it. is whether wo are to
submit to a vigour beyond the laws. [Neper,
never, etc:aimed a number of the Lircr,y.] I
do conceive we stand on that ground, and that I
;nay in this respect when I ant recommending to
you %hat means you ought to pursuct use the
'cord 46 Moderation." True wisdom, Gentlemen,
con,ists in the adoption of those measures which
• the Constitution will justly warrant ; but when
I recommend moderation to you, I have not the
greatest CN tmples to mention foe your imitation
a:non4 your enemies. Certainly they were not
the mo-t moderato yr men who took upon
themselves to execute an illegal warrant by an
armed forec. Certainly it was no great example
of moderation, when, after you hail been e*tremely
rixions npo.n an important public quistion, and
..h:•rt an inquiry was about to take place into the
:Antes which had produced an unexampled waste
of the blood and treasure of the country, it was
Dot, I say, a proof of moderation that upon such
an occasion, and at moth a momentous period, the
doars of the Ilunso of Commons should have been
closed against you, in order that by such a step
you might be left as much in the dark as pwsibles
This is another recent • instance of the political
moderation of those by whom the country is at
present represented. But I think the county of
Cambridge has given a pretty good hint that it does
not agree with such inutlerAti
„on. [ilpplause.]—
ou find, however, that the Ministers of the
tlreient day have not been ashamed to advise his
Majesty to take thli moderator to whom I' amt

half •the people of the country they -mum
perSuado the other half that' they had acted right
in exercising so unjust a power. I need not tell
you that the measure which has been resorted to
by the House of Commons is an indirect attempt
to make an attack on the liberty of the press. 7--
The consequence of admitting filch a principle is
awful to be contemplated—l do not knelt how, if
it is admitted, we can justify expressing ouriadig-
nation at the conduct Of the House 9f Commune
even in this public nianner. .1 do not see how we
could do so withotit violating the assutned
cf that Honourable House, because it might
he a constructive act of breach of privilege. It
appears umo that if the power claimed by the
House of Commons was to be fully admitted, we
should have nothing to look to for seved years
but to our septennial release from such a system
of slavery ; and if rye were to admit every thing
which is contended for by the Itouse of Commons,
the argument would be ten times—ten thousand
times more conclusive, for the purpose of sliming
that there ought Id be a reform in the House of
Coinnions, and that there should be a real repro.
Itkattation of tho people: [continued plaudits.]
i. t come to the particular point which refers
ta the Imprisonment of Sic Francis Burdett,. I
shall Ility.but little respecting that illustrious Ba-
ton*. ouse the question respecting him may
Ile cotitidered to be depending in a Court of
Ladw. I will only now observe, with regard to
the power assumed by the Rouse of
Com-
tioasf that it reminds use of dialogue which
is to be found lit the writings of the Wreck
anther Lucian: In that dialogue the Quit
piter is repretented as being engaged in conversa-
tion with a countryman ; the contending parties
went on for some time reasoning very well tor.
then; at last. the countryman put an argnment that
Jupiter did nut like, acid could nut answer, and
that Jupiter showed, hint his, thunder.. Thus. it
has been with the [louse of Commons. 'llhe
lions., of Commons did not like the answer of the
illustrious Baronet, and therefore they. showed
hint their Warrant. [Bravo! lirduca!] As the
thunder -was the only answer the countryman re.
ceived (rota Jupiter, so was the Speaker's War-
rant the only answer the patriotic Baronet re,
ceieed front the Route Of Commons. Gentlemen,
it is too feeble any Otitis I can say to express my
admiration of the manly and spirited manner in
which that llonourable Personage has stood fur.
ward in defence of the rights of his fellow.citizeus.
It readmit me of the language of the poet—
In what consists a kingdoms strew,Aili
Net in strong bottleinenis aid turrctsi
Itiit iu high-ininitzct men,
ii:ho know did? du;irs all their ri,;lits,
Ant knoOripg maint‘in
I will tasty now advert to a few leading points,
with respect to those matters which more immedi-
ately press oar our notice, and, first, I shitß state
what 1 think will be the substantial cure for all
the evils of' which we complain, I tnean a radidal
liefucin in the Representatio of the eountry.
.r Repeated =la:lmams Bruroij (seutlenten,
the very same motive ,[tat impels me this day to
call fur Parlianteotlity Reform, and to say that it
is worth while to reform Englaud it, that Bngimitt

„A
i 1
4,. 1i,.. • ~
41„ ,
.1-.0, . • tol +.... , —",,—•••-----__ _.,
-
."-• 'lii-'l,l-142,4•1; ;:,•,:: ~,..: • , ,
---'—:. 1
1- •: ': .yti:i. Ir •
:: 't. .. • vtitata<e..-• c".-124.5,..- ' --. ;, • , ,
• • • t,i4* rik r
ir. ~.: .• y - ...
elia.ot - . • .o.
‘.4.f ~.t4, : •1 I ,
c i .
~ 4 , l
-.._ 4A,
I . .
.
- .
LOwyr, •
d ,#)le 5,17,13.• •
r. 9 RIM:>4 rj, .. - ..1
44 i 4if
r •
"di r Mier •
9 -I,_ 5, igii,
•..,.. ,

•.. I'~ ~

. ,
is a country that is worth 6ghtingfor. This cuud.
try; Gentlemen, is ignoble .and _powerful country,
possessed of many natural adreetagei—great by
its wealth, and the eisterpvieeAnd spirit of the peo.
ple; and I trust; in point.of honour and morals,
however we may have.to lament its deficiency in
some respects, it will beer a com.parisoe with .
other nations. . It is a country that .ought,.not to
c.be swallowed up by the influence of corruption.
there are eentules of the •coentryihom,t could
denounce, stapPoilog I wait giving my verdict open,
a Special Jury, I should ,say that its enerelps ore
those men who have uniformly oppOsedell refOrm
Who want the abuses of the Ctoternmerit to aeon.
Mutate, , which Atom, in.: grtietrietty bare
overwtelmed and destroYedtbelittiveromista.--
Gentlemen, Xeit using O. fikerdltietrldet oredge.
mete when speaking. of 'Brit comtption of the-,
coiintry. The itibject is *oleo( whitsiriehoeyer kat
read our lister', cannot be *Boit-int....As early
as the reign of Queen' Elizabeth,' Lord Burteigh
said, that England could only be undone by, a
Parliament. Long subsequent to that peeled, if
you look to the proceedings of the year 1741', and
advert to the speeches of Sir John Barnard, :On
for many years represented this city, pun, will find
that they .arts fit of every thing which I could
wish to say. Ton will find that he was constantly
pressing the 'louse for a Reform in the Represen.
cation, and fur the short duration of Parliaments.
tie told them, if they did not satisfy the people,
they could not expect to possess their confidence.
In the year 1741, the great Lord Chatham, then
a young man, told them the same truths. lie told
them, that if they did not reform their House, and
exclude Placemen and Pensioners; it would not
only cease ta,convey the tOice of the people, but
it would convey a voice which would be directly
opposite to that of the people. [So it willt
claimed multitudes.] Now, Gentlemen, refer to
what Mr. Fox told the Electors-of Westminster
ho told them, that if the Rouse .of Commons re..
fused to grant the object of their Petition, Which
was for a Reform in Parliament, they would cease
to be their representatives, and that it would be
constitutional fur the people fhernselves to assume
that power of reform which their delegates,. the
Rouse of Com Mons, 'had thrown a. Bit, Gen-
tlemen, the instructions of the City of London to
their representatives, in the year 1741, are as
strong as any thing fcan read to you. I would
rtad-gtomilmtl. am,
_a(raid of .
•*of your-time. (Kind, reedy mounded/met el
parts.) They say, " when we reflect on the
danger of entrusting power too long in the min
hands—when we consider hew. our interests may
be sacrificed by long and continued Parliamentsi.
without a recurrence to the People; we feel it out
duty to require you to prosecute ra repeal of the
Septennial Acts and to restore Triennial Pattie.
tnents, as the principal, Means of reform. Gen.l
tlensen,"l 'will trouble you with bit one more il.
lustratiod, and I Deg, to obserte why I state. it; it
goes forty years backo and has no reference to the
present Moused Commons, and therefore, as, an
appeal to the sober part of, the People of Eng. '
land, let them say, whether there can be any thing
which arises out of any factious consideration,
when we give them thelanguage of our forefatheri
forty years-ago ; let as ask them, whether there
can he any Jacobinism in principles promulgated
at that period. It appears from, the speeches of a
Member of that,llouse; Colonel Barre, that in
dressing the House, he used;this argument. lie
says, " Since I had the honour of a seat iss thit
Haute) I have been a witness to strange transac.
" • 1

. •
•••

. ` ,

- v--7- -
1111prib• ...t7W7rt• •

':

' 41,
- ,
. •
'•# 4 ' • •
•
t...-• . "., • .
r .I. 4.ol34iirt9P
• .11)1,4,- • ..1
" • • • ' •
- * **_ • • * •Pll.lokif
-M . f • • •

<,..•-

'

ti'

r .

in which the Ouse of dual melt ,ttertainetl ohs.
charges against Mr. Per.Cesal and 'Lord Ca,tle.
reagh ? .No I. will venture to illy, reasoning.
4...
upon the, pr. inriple of eaalogjr recently adopted by
the Attorney-General, that if iiis•laurdship was
acquitted only because he bad begun the Crime of
which he was accused, and had.suit completed.ito
and we are. to measure guilt or iiteneedee by, this
standard, that Guy Yaus.kintself was not guilty,,
because .we all know he had not completed his pure,
pose. Gentlemen, I shall not trespqss further oat
'our times particularly as I base a long series oft. .
propes, to yOU„ Gent leoitti,
tit'themen who act -with me, have any
`shall to do honour., to Old Loglancts,
d bent tern to eur.coputey. If those who
e with* argilment, And lar
theii Itirindei; smelled not fear to contvnif
L Oath Jlieefi.. repese.thak. I shell not trouble sort
.fertler thait lay, Sayiikis Ohat I trust the People of
England wily rally round the itandard of the Coo.
stitution of tho Country. , [‘• !" ex.
.
dainged every . Loud and ecnitiriaed neck:.
*nations.) • •
.••-• • . • •
• lie.thei read the follOWing Resolutions.- s which,
were frequently interrupted by unanimous!' bursta
of applause. •
•
1.
Resolved—That the Livery of,dint' inspreived with
the deepest sentiments bf Marra, regret,. Mid indignation, at
the late,exttaardinary nod anconstitut tonal prpeeediegs of the
Botise, of Commons, vrhich, by the arrest mid imprisonineut
of two of their fellow, subjeets, have, ds they conceive, su-
. Perseded the lawsof the land, and set up in their stead, under
the clains of privilege;,an Oadefined. capricious; and art
Crary poster, feel themselves irresistibly called upou to el-
ere's, at a crisis so new; so arduous; and lo fatal to their,
rights, and liberties, their unqualified reprobation of mettsuret.
equally subversive of the first principles of the
. Constitutioe,
derogatory to the real interests and dignity of the Home of .
Commons, and injurious tit the honour; glory, and happiness'
of the Sovereign and the People of these Realms.
•2. Resolved--That itappears td us; that the Commons,.
rteisseof Parliament M conunittieg to prison Mr. iiiha Gale
Jones,:and.in breaking open the bongo of, and also in emn- •
Wising to prison one of their Membert, Sir Francis Bitrdett,
Bart. for aticged libels upon themselves, °Oates, which,, if,
established, title provided against by the Lawsi of the Coen.'
try, have been at once Accusers, .LegiSlators, Judges, Jutorsi.
and Exempioneis in their own alike, sheltering ihrintelves
under the pretence of Privilege; MIL' exercising a partial and*
summary Jurisdiction; without redress or .
2, Resolved—Thal the wholes ystein.uf "British Jurisprd.• ' •
deuce has bees thus shaken to its foundation; and adiscretionsk
MT power assittried over the liberties Of the People, as-de=, . - .•
elared Mid established by the .great Charter;. repeated Ada
confirmed by the Petition of Right aqd the of, Itighttl
end recOgialied, enforced' dad illustrated by of r •
Statutes. •
„4. ima—Ttiat filXs been idly And Vainly enacted and
re•ega F. no F n may he taken or imprisoned,
Nirettre a lib~l rld or faberties: de of his. Fees
ita* or Nesettliiwed.oresited, or filmy Manner de..
strayed. ttlit•by,tlitt judgment Itis .Peers, or by the
Law ortlie toed "if the. Mouse of Commons;. w is itself
but tangle of the f.l.gblnture tie; to ins the language
df theaohl isf.Rights..ngunist the de4stahle tyranny of :mines
" By twinning and exerctsittga power of dispensing wii It
and empedding of LaWs and the executing of lasi without
`the nosmit •Of Psirliatitetit;" set itself above. Parliament._
snaking itself greater than the whole,. of which it is hut a port.
dispensing with the Laws which give to all a remedy arairst
coininitinenfs by the King himself, an,l 'tins errs:ling its if
into a new and monstrous Eiecittivei the more dangerous t i
the Liies, Liberties, and Fortunes of the Subject, inasmuch ,
its it claims for its rdte of action its' o*u discretion, will, or
caprice.
5. Resolved—That the tree Privilege of Parliament. metre-
ingnothiug more than a protective right, was really desigre
as an immtliiity or safeguard; to he Wielded as a shield agsma •
the eneroachinents;usdrpations. And tyranny of the t ton n ;
not to he converted. bito an active power of violating t.ies
rights of others—into an instrument of arrogance, end ass ofit
eidistructioo igaitet the Peopfc:
. fix RePOIVCA—TIiat the efirittal Thanks of this Meeting bei
given to that illustrious Patriot Sit rrancig • Burdett, for his
upright and independent conduct in Parliament ; fur his truly
constitutional and irre4istibl argument, dis rovtog the p‘aw or
of the liouo of Commons to imprison the People of F:glaio.l.
and for his legal and manly resistance to the Speake..tA War-
rant, whereby he• has given a practical illestration.of hi hid -
ficiency, and ifentonstrated that, as there is rah .1431 power •
without the kV( mean% of execution, it could nit tt! Carrird
into effect nrithout the aid. of a standing. army, a iiulntton 44
the ancient Laws and Rights, of nnt,lishaneo, end which; iii
•

, .

I.

lions. ' Ifhat do you mean by Attacking all vir...1.. -- -- -
tuo ? l",:tri you mean to. bring the People to aI open of ins ~,,,IN and ,c,
thig iiiitri!lFe, was vo lanieriitahly. exemplified. In:the istert.iiiit
fatally preceded and followed by
level with yourselem: You imagine that a vote of the murder uf peaceable nail unnflending Citizens.
'this noose will • protect you ; hut, you are not siT•riteerflTlch.lit IMI iteultlli°^ be e"'ll'"unicated l'i
aware that the manner of your obtaining a rote of Li'ver"a, wlueuardeedt, by
at
cl)elutiortt isornct: fat
iitilet
the amiso of Commons is . sat a deetet to any that. toweset gritalul his release funs arbitr.try conlideasee:
t:onuldf:;:gettootthheeCirriin of lirldun, his liberation should
mart.. If you are net. cilioni ,o( conscience, I
shall speak daggers to you, though I shall use Oomph of those grand Anciltilew4ltletillia°b!ilhit inepednoullrhathieti
• 1 6 tit) t$ shruttertillviteid'ilagrantly Violated:
none: You send persona to yet:o &stiles; While
yoti hate Rot courage and virtue .to defeod the K Ited—rhot this Meeting would become 4,c0m%
pliers in the ruin Of their Conititution nod ,Country",- werti
freedom of your country: But it is in vain you they to deellne stating what appears to theta to he the fart 4
libli.sittvicliiii. IlouseiroUommons, which hash b
hope by fear and terror to extinguish the *tithe repeatedly cejecte.t . .
Principle of British. independence •—the people Peeulators from Ypunirstrign, enetiarogeditehe yca.ndltylstn...l.!
will shortly come- forth like the Hydra,' With its dc of esiii in their oWl•Holise, a sank "at the mention of
—sanctioned
forst .p..ctirbigl hittevweastastertbletittlii)bilgit:fo4t.i„en. '
many hoods: iirltde I hare a *chigoe and an arucl.
I will be free ; and that I may not be a witness nod approved. and justified arl: xpedition ore most .nume;ol.l:
these proCeedingsy I will leave this dolise.' Gen_ fluorostiarett, and eriertsive that ever left h thoiles ni E.n.t..•
denier', it appears that after the Member to when* returned,lu
R4eiti:7Steiteireugctive nifditslerar •al
:e a:ni tile reunei nqrgu'll I h'::f this
4i
I am adverting had said these lords; the tipposi- Panpire, arid holditi„o out to theantentit
tit: ridicule of thii
doe toe as one mad, dna left the liouse. It is slit Ile:::. the fon)" Rad inshecilill nt and wicked M.'
try business to make but a fete obseriationil more. 9. ReSoliej-4Thet s(edifi.. ail • evils aid eslamitte,,,,
When i first touched upon the question of Portia. these /imam flied and . ing grievances; it airgenrs
' lett ttne Constant
ritahols Meeting that the . o safe
mentary .iieform; it certainly remitidetlolo of the is nil the Country j rotor ts a Reform its
days or toy youth—as far back as the year I it3o the Iteprekniatian of the .tlie Gasamons liolpe of
Whether I was right :tr wrong I leate to others to arliautenti.Wilkhi ta lip elk , din
pot he speedy and ra-
id cal.,- ,• • . •
."
.., '
determine ; . but this I may say,. that my youthful 10, Itesolved.-"That the Peoptitn /le united Kingdom are
feelings wore- affected by the eXimple or bimodal. hereby entreated fii cri-operattihigatitioii, Remaastraiwe,
ble men into whose society I entered ; I beg leave :117".rumiwr"1 akAlloi 6 went nf this salutary
no pensahle objeret._, .. _• ..
among them to mention the name of Sir Williarn ii. Re olvedv.That thetitioN tramaetl on these Resolu.
Jones ; with him arttl' the Dula: of itiehmond I flows, bct.preeented In llimouliitile.the House of Coin.
• mats:,
did imbibe a warm feeling in favour of Par:batten- 13. Resotted-I:hat the Petition now read be fail ly tra
tar,y Itufprin, Which' hes continued to actuate. toy cribed, ratedned by two Aldermee and Coweryme..,
nand until tho pretest tidy.. In the year 184 the, tusielit4iestirotregir• Cntn4ons hi(
air
Li:Tbe to the
Sir 1Y:
efforts of these a ho iir. ished:for, Parliamentary Re- ..9haw,•Barts and they are hereby instructeilf oaeltepran eseBi.ro:t.!
form were baflied by the Coalition, dad the spirit lives Of this MO, in support the same.
or .t" pophs fur a time subsi;jeit.. ill the. y.e,.r.
belrtiv-ebßeso"(ol7auraaiminonnt.;:blybe—,Tohb:t44htebeTharipibs of
il tab:5,11.4
11/3 it fO.llO Maki, 404 then it was repressed by this :City, for the discharge. of his chalet, unit for 1110 tatibt t-
the system of terror. Wd have'heeu telii by many 'tutlie=ttuisliarlitineUilne'ntibethe T nk '
be given; to the Itight HusuaYouratlde e ih
Lorda hstaofyort,hl.4ll7L64 -
the system
men. that there is to miergy . la ,the
CoustistiOoar which a ill effect. it* refortn4
But from' ibilen/Tooditalucc7teditefdlitlYagi' aitaf,g,htnurf upright
aettn%d tt'unotiouirt'alit
the year 179t3 to 1801, and from 1141 to islo,l '
non to preservethe peace of the City, without the
period of nineteen years, I appeal to you w Intim!, aid of.the militaty. •
ex lwriciteo. has met_ she wit pot that tleerougistaltii . l 5: Resolved oinodotousty-4hut the Thanks of this Ifist
such
cliccsy in
tide
constitutiou,
... 411
.70* th,.;,.,
lobe gitea to4pe Sheri f,' for their constitutional endeavours
. the peace.. o( the City without the aid of the
titer such an energy . wattlispteyetily:,the. iiistituei .iinhary, ..• ,
' " ' • • -
. . • s• .• 1

.

•
•
, .
,
. .
•

. -

, •
