vAlav?.4ahms4lrjrl..,-.41vp,.-•‘;v7tet:

2i3!laltrac rpm have arrived this morning to the 7th
inttant. They state that the passage of extraordinary
courier', cawing from blfatirld, continues with the same
sitivity as Wren(); but the moils Which ought to have
left that caPirtif On the ttm and the 27th have not reach-
ed them. This delay has given rise to various reports,
and to various speculations on the position of the Insur-
gent bands, %bleb it is needless to repeat. "itisto be
frarc:l," ',ay they, " that we mint accustbm ourselves to
each i n te r r u pti on.bnau se the Enemies of the Constitutional
system redouble their efforts in every way to being shoot in
. Spain the couut.or-revolution which they so much.desire.
The battalions of the z3J reginiint of the lino, tWo bat-
. talions of the YUUI of the line, .one of the 2d regiment of
light infantry, and two battalions df the ith of light io-
fantry are to encamp to day between lir ragne anti the
Ilidassoa; Ind the other corps which are expected in
• this iity, will proceed necessiOly to the SII3IF

Tug Kiste.—Briihton, Mireit 11.-IEI MajeiftY has
passed a quiet and refreshingbight, and the pain in the
affec.a:d hand and wrist has subsided.
Yesterday. Mr. Hunter, the King's Messenger, ar-
rived at the Foreign 'Office, Loaning-street, from
Vienna.
Orders, it ii staid, ward *rates-11aq transtnitte I from the
Atha hilt, to the differeht public duck-yarde, immedi-
ately tehuild 30 sail of gun-beige.' 'and it is supposed
they will all he ready for sea in lees than three iwanille.
A powerful squadron is also fittin/ for the Mediterra-
nean; fur, hoWeSet atisirahle'prieFanityle to Great Bri-
tain. many think it impossible 'to milntaliidt.
Tit E LORD LIEUTENANT'S SECOND LETRE..--The Unite
yesterday was fully and fashionably attended. All the rank
and 'respectability of Dublin and its immediate vicinity
were present. 'this is all the answer that need be given
to the calumniators of his Excellency's person and Go-
vernment.—(Dublin evening Post of Tuesday.)
By letters received in this city from an authentic
source, we are enable to state, that no reduction on Irish
spirits will take place antil.the expiration of the.present
distiller's license, which will be on the 29th of Sept. next.
The reduction. in duty and a general alteration in the
distillery and Exciselaws will be contemporaneous, and
I are expected to take effect from the qtiaster commencing
sth Octoter.—(Limerick CAron.)
Ll:tenor COUNTY MEETING, for ' taking into con-
' sideeation the expediency of presenting a petition to
Parliament for a Reform in the House of Commons;
is fixed by the High Sheriff for Wednesday the 26th
instant.—The requisition is the most respectable in
our memory ; and we understand, that the whole, or
nearly so, will attend.—(Sians:Ord News.)
The Guildry of Perth met on Saturday week, to take
into consideration the propriety of again petitioning the,
Legislature for a Reform ti the Government of the Scot-1
tish boroughs. The Dean of Guild having taken the
chair, and explained the object of the Requisidon, Mr.
John Fisken rose and proposed a series of able anti spi-
rited resolt,tions, complaining particularly of tin ineffica-
cious remedies which the Legislature was,pleasei to qp.
ply to an evil so glaring and oppressive as the present
system of self-election. The resolutions were mconded
by Mr. Robert Hepburn. and unanimously carried, with.-
the exception of the Provost, Dean of Guild, Bailie
Wright, and the ringer of St. John's-street bells. A pe-
tition embodying the spirit of the :violations was also
adopted, with the opposition aforesaid, and that
olliailis
Mathews, who had entered the Hall its the interva. In
the course of the discussion, Mr. Thos. WiolackspOke
respectfully of the present Magistrates as in'diVituals;
but he vowed, like anbtlier Hannibal, to trate " elertlel
war" against the system which they supported. Thepe-
tilion is to be entreated to Lord Archibald Hamilton.—
.
(Dundee Paper.)
The g- amount of all balances of money in the hands
of the Bank for the year We, was 4,107.8331.
The average amount of Bank Notes in circulation. in
each half year, from January I, 1921, to January 1833,
inclusive :-
1821: From Jan. to Jute inc1u5ive....123.542.593
• From July to Dec. 10.032,605
1822. From Jan. to Jane inclusive.. 17,933,073
From July to Dec 17.775,717
Amount paid in the year 18t2 to the Bank, for its manage-
ment of the Debt, Lotteries, South Sek Debt. &c. &c.
269,95 at.
From ao Acconnt laid before the House of Commons,
of sums given by sundry persons by way of donation or
bequest, towspis the Reduction of the Natiesul Debt, up
to Jan. 5, 1523, it appears that there have been bequeath-
-72,24f1. 16s.* 3d. in Stock, and 15,835/. Is. 2d. is
money, making in the whole, in money, 66,6861. 14s. id.
and that the estimated ailment of 3 per Cent. Consoli-
dated Annuities, which these bequests would amount to
on the sth April 1823, if the whole sum bad been In-
A vested in these Annuities, le 137,2431.
The East India Company's ship Berwickshire arrived•
off the Wight early yesterday scorning. She sailed from
Macao the 21st of Nov., and-from St. Helena the 27th of
Jan. All the ships of the season had arrived in China ex-
cept the Regent and Thames-
ELStNORE, lilAßcn 3.—We have a very severe thaw
'hire. The ice in the Sound broke up yesterday, and
to-day there is none left; there is, however. a good deal
near Copenhagen. le 14 days time we think the nevi-
. ;ration mar be 'considered open.—March 4. We have
to-day the first arrival from the North Sea—in ten days
from Hull:
Dauev LANs. The Marriage of Figaro was performed
at this Theatre last r•ight,for the first time. Miss *remises*
played Susanna, Mrs. AUSTIN the Countess, and Mrs.
Iluctres,Ckerabino ; Liston Figaro, ELLISTON the Coots,
and Hoes P./ore/to. Excepting that it is upon a seat scene,
there is not much novelty in this cast; Miss STEPHENS and
lasvoN being wet established in their respective parts.—
The former was trill; delightful, end the letter as usual,
highly comic. The .CORat Is rather serious for ELLISTaN,
but he played itwith.jtidtment and elegance. The parts we
noticed were played with their usual excellence by the two
pepalar favourites ; and in the other characters there Was,
every laudable exertion to give them support, The Opera
went off altokither so well as to be announced for repetition
on Saturday' and Tuesday. amidst the greatest applause.
COV ENT..GARDR9I.—L9St night the Opera of "
,Tree Wood-
man," written by Sir Henry Bate Dudley, was resived at
this Theatre. Some time has now elapsed since this once
favourite pray was last performed, and its revival attracted
a very numerous audience. The original music was com-
posed by Mr. Sumas, and there are many of his songs in-
troduced which have been long known to the public. The
character of Eerily was anstained by Miss PaToar, of course
for the first time. The part is simple, and requires no great
exertion; but there are many very beautiful airs interspers-
ed, which render it interesting; they were all executed by
Miss Pares in a very able manner, sad she was war,nly and
deservedly applauded throughout. Mr. Laranor appeared
as Witfuril, and notwithatsnd;ne some slight disapprobation
from above. he acquitted himself very creditably. Ile sang
all the simple airs With much taste and judgment,partienlarly
the song.—" Lill kcr 1 lore' her." Pet swan performed
Medley with Much ability. FAWCETT. as sit Walter Wa-
ring. received much appinuse ; his comic 'songs were en-
cored. CONNOR'S Captain o.llonnell wsaa very pleasing
performance; and the whole went off withganeral appro,.
betion.
Coati Excnamee.—There are eery few supplies of any
sort of Grain fresh in since Monday. Wheat is utd; sale,
and rather lower than in the beginning of •the week.
'There is no alteration in the price of Barley, bit the
trade is &di Deans and Pease appear ratter on the ad-
vance, and there is a fee trade fur Oats at fall as goo i
prices as taut tooted. •
M W
llaaasr, Miami 14.—:There as a
middling supply if tettleat market shis.mOsing: Prime
Stole Beef übtitas 45. 4d. pee stopsamiinfenor gut-
days as beet eAll'atton tentadas is pun aiihst Monday..

P-P4Lpi‘
, • r.
MON* or vitt intIISION TglectlealtrAltY
CORTES; • • • •:-
The article we ittetitted from Madrid, ivf Ilse remit
papers which fruited es yesterday, 14,111 to expeit an
early arrival of important intelligence from fhat city.—
Since our Isar, accordingly, Merida papers of a date
prior to that of the imperfect article referred to, as
well as news to a more recent period, have come to hand.
13y the aboveaeentioned papers we learn that the Ses-
sion opened, on the Ist of March. In that 'retina a letter
Wes read from the Secretary of St ate for Brace and Justice,
which informed the Cortes that the state of his Majesty's
health did not permit him to be present et the opening
of the Cortes, bat that Secretaries of State were inlet-
tendaoce to commentate to the President, the speech
which his Majeity would have bad the satisfaetiou to
deliver, had dot indisposition prevented him.
The Secretary of Stet e for the Home Department then
handed the speech o the Presidept,.. who read it to the
Cortes. Iris as follows:
DRPUTSRA.—The extraordinary circumstances
In which this session of the legislature is opened, presents a
vast lied to the petriotism of the representatives of the
Spanish people, end will render it memorable in the national
annals.
" Spain, at this moment the object ofthe attention of all
nations, is about to resolve the great problem which occu-
pies Monarchs end neople. In its solution are involved the
hopes, the fears. and the interests of maukind—the cap: ices
of ambition and pride.
" The Continental Powers of the tfoly Alliance have now
raised a cry egahist the political inetitutiene of this notion.
whose independence and liberty hate been conquered with
its blood. Spain, in reply to the insidiotW intimations of
those Potentates, has solemnly manifested to the world, that
her filndamental laws can only be dictated by herself.
• "This clear and laminotis principle is inenpable of being
attacked, estept by sophisms supported by arms: and those
who, in the 19th century, appeal to this last reason. give the
most decisive proof of the injustice of their cause.
" The Most Christian King has ssid.that 100,000 French-
men are to come to settle the domestio affairs of Spain, and
to amend the errors of our institutions. When before were
soldiers commissioned to reform lasrai In what code is it
writtep that military invasions may be the precursors of na-
tional felicity to any people?
" it would be unworthy or reason to refute such anti-soci-
al errors, and it would not be decorous in the Cpestitotional
King of the Speins to Apologize for the jest national cause
before those who, in order to subdneevery feeling of Oleme.
cover themselves with the mantle of the most detestable hy-
poerisy.
" I trust that the energy, the &trines& and the constancy
of the Cortes will form the best reply to the speech of the
Most Christian King. I hope that, steady in their princi-
ples, end resolved to walk in the path bf their duty, they
will always be the Cortes of the 9th and I lth of January,
and ever be found in all respects worthy of the nation which
has intreated to them its destinies. I hope that reason and
justice will not show less courage than the Genius of oppres-
sion and slavery. The nation which capitolntes with ene-
mies whose bad faith is so notorious, is already subdued.—
To receive the law which is to be imposed by force of arms,
Ifs the extreme of ignominy.
" If war be already an unevoidable.esil,the nation is mag-
nanimous. and will again hasten to combat for independence
sad civil liberty. The path of glory is already known to
Spain, and all the sacrifices which this contest may require
will be easy to )Im.. Constancy and patriotism present a
**mad resources, which, in the hands of Spaniards, al-
ways produce the happiest results.
" For my part, I once more offer to the National Congress
the co-operation of all my efforts to realize hopes which the
friends of liberal institutions plane in Spain, by carrying
into execution all the measures within the compass of my
authority to repel force by force. The seasonable removal
of my person and the Cortes to a point less subject to the
Influence of military operations, .wili paralyze the enemy's
puns, and prevent any suspicion in, the impulse of the Go-
vernaseut, the action of which ought to be felt in every point
of the monarchy.
•• The army, whose services in the just case are so greet,
Is completion and organizing, In pursuance of the last de,-
erre% of the Cortes. The victories which it obtained against
the factious,
.arp the precursors of others of a more import-
ant nature oierthe foreign enemy.
•• The provinces in geneial exhibit a very good spirit.—
The evil.; which they have suffered ftorn those who stile
themselves defenders of religion, have dissipated the ilia-
sloes of the ignorant, and convinced all men that the consti-
tution is the only right path.
" The changes which have taken plape.in our foreign re-
lations have not depressed the spirit of the nation.. The
timid, who can never see the resources of the country, lied
the malevolent who would take advantage of its weakness,
never ceo alter the sentiments of a nation punctilious of ho-
nour. and which never was accustomed to make any com-
promise with injustice.
" The different branches of the public administration af-
ford in general a very favourable prospect. The Cortes
will, with their umiak zeal, continue the important labours
which have been commenced, and the national prosperit- to
wbieh these labours lead with consolidate the constitutional
syste,n which valour and energy now defend.
•• Palace, March I. (Signed) " FERDINAND."
After a Committee bad been appointed to draw up an
answer to the above speech, the President adjourned.the
Sitting.
As the Rine' hal distinenished the close of the Ses-
-,
sion of the Extraordinary Cones, by a change of Minis-
ter% it appears he had resolved to make the opening of
the Ordinary Cortes,. is remarkable by a repetition of
the same step. In the Rxpectedur of the 2d instant,
it is announced that his Majesty the day before act -pled
the resignation of the seven Secretaries of State, who
have been replaced by Senors Don Alvaro Floret Estrada,
for Foreign Affairs; Don Antonio Dias del Moral, for
the Government of the Ultra marine provinces; Don Jo-
seph Rornai, for the Moline; Don Joseph Maria Toni-
jos, for War • Don Joseph Korraquin, for Grace and
Justice ; and l/on Lorenzo Cady° de Rosas. for Finance.
Of these persons, the political character is said to be
marked by moderate principles ; hut they are described
also as possessing the strongest ataieliment to the Con-
stitutional system, and not likely, even if they had
the power to change it, to. listen to any proposi•ions
from foreigners for a modification.
In the article from Madrid, however, that appeared in
the Potts papers we yesterday received, it was said the
new Ministers had been appointed, but could not enter
into office ;• and it was hintei that private aocoants
stated certain facts of importance which it avoid not be
expedient to co.unsonicate till they were confirmed by the
public kurnals. Letters from Paris now state, that this
change indite Ministry was nut likely to be effectual,
and that the members of the ex iistiug administration
would retain their ofiices. it is said, that on the pay of
the nomination, die atiniaters were called on by an tine-
nitnoos vote Of the tears, to make a public declaration
of their intended arrangements. fur the removal of the
King, and to name the place to which the Govern-
ment was to be transferred, on the approach of the
Peach armies. The Ministers required time to pre-
pare their reports, and could not, therefore, immediately
secede and make way for their eaccessors. Bat inde-
pendently of this difficulty, there appeared a manifest
reluctance in the persons named to accept office, sod
three of them were said to hare actually declin-a,
EXTRACT OF A PRITATt LEITER FROM PARIS, DATED
• MARCH lll+
" The Sitting of the Collet] of the gel was very import..
ant. A rneether rose and stated, that positive intelligence
had been received that 350.100 French troops were to enter
Spaie on tne hth of; March. Ile .peopose, that the Minis-
ters should he called in. grid required to state what precau-
tions they bud taken fbr the defence of the kingdom, ana
what arrangements they bath mad-' to transfer the seat of
Ocrentoment to a safer place then Madrid. 'fhe Ministers
.detearistr Peat the* had takewall the measures in their power
for the defence of the kingdom against foreign lava/ion, but
that they experienced obstacles in changing the seat of 00.
sertacent. The Cartel on Cal deemed, that on the follow.
