171! E SI'A. rESMAN

Meat, brother cf tlo K;ea, Lieutemott-General of fo:lowing particulars, extracted from the report of
the Kingdom, daird tit. l itit, of the present month, the American Captain, Jacob, enmmanding the
suspends theloceserotott rt. the tlec rot of the sth of li:wp,• who has recently arrive%) from the Cape, tat-
July, i:Dto, and, by necessou consequence, the spec tiostptrenk ofsit-
provisimet depe.ld. upon.it.. ming :• ,
" The resttirtions upon commerce and navigation Town is. god ‘6ad slon esect
shall be tot the ith removed. Trade shall be subject alibi* othl:thirdAf the hinstee whidj havanfot been
only to the rules and regulations established -by the rebuilt; and when the Emperor •of Emperors,
gekeml laws of the Customs. Every Freech vessel Christophe, wants materials• for building, he• orders
may fuely proceed and Clear out from our porta, alifbaelitsthe town fribederivllisbed and the Mar'
without liceitcos,•tpotial permissions, interrogatories, torlats to be carried to lite_d/orne, where be resides,
or certificates of any descriptiona.and without any_ at the distance of 12 or 15 Mites TrOm the -Cape,
iestActibit, except' the -payrtleticlis 'the frescribettl•whlth he has oompletely fortified. :This Captain
fOrms of the esistiog duties. Goods not prohibited, , asserts, that 100,000 men would not be 'alikaodis-
_.
from elm:ex.:l• cem.try they 'nth, be imported,. shall I lodge him.
lfeedmitte,:. after. • the • usual detlarationa duellfe has recently brought over- from St. Kitt's one
th"' •:• .h plk, tutu filiti:?Q, or be waretrossied., of his nephews, a, very intelligent Negro. In con-,
lit the Ir•rts ich !..ve 11.;, privilege. If there Oertli;ith thecargees'orall the vessels that ar.'
should in. tin. 'cl.goes proltitited goodst rived at the Cape-pass through his hands. The in- ,
which s'..-e!:! b.,: n deciarctd bona fide,. they , habitants are consequently obliged to purchase of
Omit be pi•••%••:,-,,,ii'y • • ihimell the artielea-they want, arid at whatever pride
44 Ex wit bring eqoalij freed from every re- he chteres-to 'fix. Ile seizes one-third of the corn=
afriatiott, ma 1 take place to any destination for those , modities brought to .market from the country.---
sorts of gnotis the exportation of which is not pro.. Agriculture is much neglected: yet.eaffee is very
plentiful, end sells at five .oreis sous. But little
ldbited. 'there is no rest raittrin any cases the system
of equivalent, being abolished, The coasting trado sugar is produced, and the quality of that is very
from one parttbf ihe kingdom to another, shill cease had.- -
to he liable to the formality -of rockets,' which had Cape Town is gbvernedby an intelligent Mulatto,
twit im
lposed npoi French vessels, to w'hicti the tier= generally esteemed, a sworn enemy of 'the nephew
trilecte of novri*ing. ii.tel contuse is preserved. I think of Chriqoplte,-but retained by the latter on account
ft will be fths.et....:!ry to obserre to you, thet the of 1:k ability: Baron Dupe, a well-informed Mu-
embargo imposed by the decree of the 7th of- Sep-
.latto, Polo's the confidence of his Majesty, 'who
tembin last,--oft the ports in your district, is taken reigns with the most despotic sway ; his orders. are
.1111 Ay the operations of the order which I transmit • always accotnpinied.: with the assurance-44 Your
&you. I beg,:?Sir, that you geould, without delay, head shall answer for the execution of
Pe dim-sinus in conformity to these regulations, never went to the Cape- but to review hie troops,
which all tend in regenerate those of the code of the which he generally does twice a month. Ilia cavalry
Custo,ns, and cl the laws which,em3nate from it. is very ene, perfectly • equipped,' and consists of
44 You Will hav, th • goodness to acknowledge the about 1000 men. As' to iris infantry, it would be
recript. of communic.ition. difficult- to specify their number; they are in the
66 r hare the honour to subscribe myself, &c. most pitiful condition, destitute 'of clothing, -and
449n14.4i4"11:t:Q. iii•c000•-aeuomi of the cosmos have nothing to show that they are soldiers but a
turning-up of red at the breast. •
The houses are totally destroyed, and the negrnes
live in the midst of the wobds.. They cultivate no
more than is absolutely necessary for their support.—
Dry goods and wines of all torts are plentiful, and
cheaper than in Eufopeo--brandy is extremely rare,
but eatables are verylittunlant.-•
There are not more than six. or eight French whites
at the Cape, and these are old men. There are se-
veral English-and American-houses, and a Consul of
the former nation. At the departure of the Captain,
on tile, 9th of March last, therd were in the *port ten
Englich and seven American vessels, laden and ready
to sail.
Christophe's fleet consists of a hris of 1F.12-poi:nd
,carrotades, end a cutter: • vets convnys proceed as far
as Aux-Cayes. • : •
There have not -been for some' time any serioos
affairs between him and Petion. The latter governs
at Port-au-Prince with great tumrevatisin, and is said
to have about him enlightened men, Whose advice lie
follows. '

ACTA OF THE GoVERNBUNT.,

. An or(lPr, (IVO April 23, directs that the pioneer
corps of Spaniae(V, Portuguese, Dutch, Croats, and
rians, forme I in virtue of a decree of the 25th INor.
1813, be slissoived, and the men composing them

sent to their re!pective countries.
. Another ors er of the same data diredts that the

taoops acid olii:era of artillery who were in the ser-
Nico of Ho; land at the time of the union of that cowl-
- try to' France, he authoi iced to return to their coon-
tty.

. AGe.noral O eler i•qttteti Genernl,. tpont, COM.
rnissitler for t:4. \Va.; I)epartn:Lwt, directs that, as
the Kinp6..r of:Russia had laken under his, +eciet
prote-ction trocps.z now in the seriice of,
Frittce, and assigned to then-. the town of •St 7
Denisoleal rare,. its tho phten 4,1 assembleee,
all the Geitria!icommandiog corps should, without
delay, give the Polish troops a route to wards the
paid town of S. 15ottis.
sti4l !It one has giien iu his adhesion.

Tnt:houst:, A eat 1, I the 'entrance of 'the
Allied Are v, the city of Toulouse has enjoyed.per.:
feet tranquilli:y. Exact discipline and a vigilant
holice maintain good order, and the happy under-.I
siantlim; which sub4ists bat wren the inhabitants
the troop% has not been fora moaient
United by the same feelingb and wishes, the English,
the. Spaniards, the Portuguese, and the French,
mingle their affections and their hopes, and no ton-
get' form bet one family.
The efh.zy of Bonaparte in bronie, displayed ott
the facade of the capitol, has been remorea. All
the.emhlemswhicli reminded us of the former mime
have !teen destroyed or dispersed, :midst the accla-
mations of the people.

ANTWERP, APRIL 19.—A discharge
.of 110
at one o'clovk this day, announced to our city that.
the garrison acknovtledgss Louis XVI it:- The white
flag tioats upon our ships) and the white cockade is
unanimously worn. .
SAS-DE -C A NO, APRIL,-IU.--At fiTIP.III4IOOL-thiS
Morning, the white flag as mounted nOntt4iTti ram-
parts and all ihe towers of Flushing, :and the fees Of
Breskins. The communication with the Euglish squa-
dron has heen for some days open.

'nom %NATION BY F/FLD-MADSUAL TIM MARQUIS OF
WELLING roN, COMMANDING IN CHIEF 'THE ALLIED

ARMIES, SCC.

" lira I -crtgrterg:T•lelno.e. Rpiill6.
46 Tbe Co•itenti corn:11:11min.; the French troops nt
Montauban, having. deciarPd his adhesion to the
Provisiottal eminent of Prance, as established at
Pork until the rrukal of Ltinis XVIII., the Com-
mander in (.11.1 hotitie., that he has Concluded a
touve.tion .r a sm.l2r.sion of hostilities with tho
said Genera', that the ccmmunications between
l'ilonGui>att ntlti the country ocoupied by the Allied
Army may Once ns usual.
kS:goot1)

" WELLINGTON."

' • Yester•lny being Sunday, a solemn Te Deum was
celebrati.t! is t•kt• Metropolitan Church of St. Stephen,
for the happy events which have restored to France
the ilium rioan weli-heloved dynasty of the Bour-
bons.. Lord Wvllinczon, the deliverer of Spain,
Portugal, and the South or France, was present at
this snh'mnity, together with all the members of the
tribunal.: of ais department, the Mayor, and Magis-
trates, &c. The Archbishop of Toulouse officiated
Kt his pootiiicals.

Pnu APRIL •21.—bi reply to an address from
the inhabitants of Rheims, Monsieur has announced,
that it was the intention of Louis XVIII., his
brother, to he consecrated in that city, after the
wanner of his ancestors.

. The Arc!likeness Maria Louisa yesterday evening
arrived at firovhois. She was to spend the day
then ,and wocld to-morrow set out for Schoenbrnun,
et:here she will remain till the necessary preparations
are tultie at the Palace of Parma, w hich.is to be her
so:idence. Shy is accompanied by Mesdames Monte-
bony and Montes:luieu, and M. De Menneval, her
Secretary.
.A.f;EN, eutr. 13.—General Deeaen, Commander
in Chief of the Army of, Garonne, has just sent a
letter to Goneral Despeaux, commanding the 20th
Military acision, of which the following is an ex-
tract :

" Prregrue, April 11.
" Gusnait.,—A great event has just taken ptace •
tile Emperor Napoleon has' been hurled from th;
throne. The Senate has decreed his overthrow and
that of his family. The had of the House of the
Vourbons iA to reign over France, &c.
" General Commander in Chief of the Army of
the Garonne,

" The Couht DECA EN."

Nmrts, Arius. gip.—'The Commercial' Agent of
fhe Unieed States iu this city, 'has communicated the

in relieving the distresses of other nations ; let ns at fleet w
once acknowl4dp that we love slavery. orlueedolgurgh,
1
that we ekrelienetees or cruel, that we, etshif .-erMPn &gal
.e lii .litellik giienlations ofililf-intereett The. gents
ignoseiny'..**fipipckee.avowal will yet, we rust, let- , utga
4P14111 'is; :=4l4.'l:tile people of Engiii.ed ' euserfenbm
loudly speak if they wish to avoid it. —We.; These
drools, 279.99144.
,i. anbeuription in fiv.our,„*t_the , the nn
Norwegians, but the power of Government ' and fk,
would, reader it unavailing. They do not want hands,
money, they want breed ; and if our fleets are to object:
blockade their ports., this cannot be conveyed to The
them. Let the
.whole English nation address the been bi
Pulact REGENT in their, favour. Tkis, we think, Most
cannot but be done. When so- limy of our cOnn- . who

hymen have been•ready to sign their names-and pay
their money, for the cause of humanity and indepen.
deuce, they will not surely..be hackle:l.d when their
signature only is required, and When the sacred cause
of bumanity and independence calls more loudly

thaint has yet done for their support.

By the French PaPers it • will. be, seeii that. C.
L'AlNcotraT has. publibbeit a vindication of himself,
against. the iharge of hating ,conducted the arrest of
the Doc D'ENGIiIEN. fps defence appears to us to
be quite satisfactory. The white Hag has been hoist.
ed on board thefteet at Flushing, the Commandos of
which pronoUnced an address to his men upon the
occasion,

PARIS, A PIM 27.

FLUSHING, APRIL .12.—Ott hoisting the white flag
on board the King's vessels at Flushing, on the 18th
of April, •the Vice-Admiral Baudin pronounced the
the following discourse :--
44' Seamen of the fleet of Flushing, and of the
- frigates Ems, la Vislule, l'Erigone, la
Mi-
lrtnaise, under my command,

much
It i
with tl
and.%
slth

ggl have made known to you the etents which
have occurred in France since the 30th of March.—
You have seen that a Provisional Government has.
been established ; that the Senate,, by a Decree is-
sued the 3d ef April, has pronounced the deposition
of the Emperor Napoleon, and of kis family, and
consequently reteased. the French people and the
army from their oaths of allegiance. Millions of
brace men have been mown .down by war, millions
of brave men` remained yet in: aims; covered
with glory, ihe.v have made peaCl,, for they would
not mkt to. the misfortunes of France. Let us..
irii-
ta►e their example. Like them; • n..e.are the ciildren
of 'the country. Louis t.anislaus Xavierof France,
brother of' the last Kiog, is called by the French
people to the throne of France. Louis XVIII.
have no subjects more faithful, more (leveled than
his sailnrs ! Louis XVI. particularly toted the Navy.
The Navy is about to receive a new life, and the an-
cient white flag will appear again. upon the seas.—
Let us hoist .tha white flag, fetus mount the white
cockade.. Five le Roi!

The Vice-Admiral, ensamendiug the Navel
• Forces at Flashi

PARIS, APRIL 26.—M. De Caelaincourt, Aid-
de-Camp of the First Consul, had just been seat to
Strasburg'', and was at that place:at the time of the
Duke Di Enghien's arrest at Ettenheim. It is under
this pretest, and upon this ground only, that levity
and malevolence have, for ten years, enraged them-
selves against a man of .honour abusing ht situation,
which constrained him to silence. Some said, that be
had himself' arrested the Duke D'Enghien ; others
that he hatt dispatched from strusburgh the troops
ordered to arrest him ; the least • malicious, that he
had only conveyed the order for it. ft has further
been imputed io him, that he conveyed the Prince
from 'Strashurgh .to Vincennes ; and lastly, that he
obtained the'place of Grand Equerry, as the reward
of this service.

detail
La
lodged

Gen. Orderer was the perion who arrested the Duke
D'finghien at F4tenheim, and placed him in the citadel
of gtrasburgh. lie bad left Paris one day before M.
Da Caolaiiscourt. The latter had no orders to carry
him. They had been given 'before his depar-
ture. His mission was not of a nature to be con-
fided, without necessity, to several persons; and if
it had been necessary that General Ordener, should
be placed under the direction of another, which it is
absurd to suppose, it Would not have been under the

direction of at. Officer younger than himself, more
recently attached to the person of the first Consult
under whoa) he had made all the campaigns of Italy,
and less Advanced in his confidence.

main

It is due to the memory of Gen. Ordener to re. to all the Russian
collect, that if in this occurrence he• considered ebe. France orders to halt.
dience as the duty of a• soldier, he has often said j BERLIN, APRIL 19.-2-The.orders sent by .the
that he had been far from filieseeing the fatal come- i French Government' to the.. garrisons of flandrwt
queoces ; and the disorder of the heart of which he and Magdeburg aw delivered
,to the (;0,1.1:1!: of
died suddenly at Cempeigne, ought, perhaps, to be! the blockading corps, . who are to eflpin
ascribed to the long and lively regret ihey esiited. mediately to. the French Commandan.s. Ile!, am
So little were these consequences to be foreseen, ordered to deliver np the fortresses to the
that it was only by a telegraphic order, and ander ; troops within '2;l hours after receipt'of 'the ;11.Jer.—
the eicort of the Gend'armerie, that the Duke d'Eng.; On their refusal, their property in France ib to he
hien was conducted .to Vincennes; and whett.,M. de confiscated, and they themselves considered as re-
Caulaincourt returned (roil) Strashurgh to Pails, the bets. • •
death of the Prince had there been, for several days, Bnystr.s, Apnsr. 29..—T0.d0r arrived here twn
the subjact.of lamentation. Those who make it a sub- DutCh ge.rtlemen, from. llambargh, '
vis. Captain
ject of accusation akainst M. de Caulaincourt, .that E Bage:aar and Mr. Colin, sttrgeon of the Sad.reak;
he was Grand Equerry, do not know that under • meat. Several other Officers accompanied them itt
the'Consulate, Gen. Durec and he had; for several 'their flight from flainhargh. Three months.ngo, Dap
jean, in quality of Aids-de•Carap, discharged the, voust told all the Dutch Officers in tire gareriion, thof
functions of these places, the titles of which they such as chose it might ,return home, .hoping •to hod
• obtained on Bonaparte's passing from the Consulate !.out by this menus, the well-disposed among tl etA ;
g
to the EMpire. • but on their all declaring, as well as *Many
The mission of M. De Caulinconrt had two ob- Poled, that they would gOshome,. he .ti:1(1 them- thoi
jects one was to hasten the departure of the was out hii•intenii9n,- The accounts,wbittv (be: tee

. ,c
