41N EC DOT IC L.

I. the year 1772, a Gentleman (Sir N. WIAZALL)
travelled throoeh Portugal, and as the Court of Lis-
boa offered scarcely any source' of ameortment to a
• foreigner, there being neither [arm nor Drawing.
ropers, escrow on birth.dsys and festivals, he went
'..tit; day to look at the Rilel carriages. kept et Al.e
mestere, about • mile eel of Lisbon. There were at
hest 30, some of which had cotton the people declared,
two beedeed tboesend cresadoes, or twenty thousand
pomade sternal' ! They area very magnifierot, and
had all bete built either Ws Rome or at Paris. Len.
• duo had not then begun to supply tha Contieent with
;that article of leaery. Among the 'oval carriages he
owes Mrsek with the coeds in which Joui IV. made his
pAlic entry into thermopile!, after recovering Perlin's,
from the Spaniards. It needy realised the &scrip.
floes given as of these vehicles, soon after their first
appearance or invention in the sitteenth reetery.
,The carriage in gentle!, which had been constructed
in 11141, vas comogsently above a hundred and
thirty part obi, at the time spokes of; mod might
'mote pensively be deasominated a chamber ea wheels,
the' a coot!, in the modern aceepteteem of the levee,
JO it was capable of ceetaining 10 or 12 persons with,
tor utmost convenience. The sides were open, the
windows, resembling the lattice. of our fars.beeses,
diaids4 into small poem, with cammarrats for the ad-
./Magian of air. It was preserved wish pious vetoers.
sines as a sraesement of the enosocipetion of the k hog.
dose by elm first Prince of the Hesse of firegense.
straw IV. was anted in jest tech soothe, e.each
when he tram stabbed by RAVAILLAC, in the year
ItS4O. in the Ilea de la Ferreuerie, at Paris.

If* rya EDIWR or rig STATESMAN.

, Sta.-1 have always considered the eegaisitie■ of
One Diurnal Paper, an the gaited kingdom, to the
Oda of Radical Reform, neat in consequence to
tilt Mtfifeilill father of that very gimes, Majer CART-
wipsurr, being in Parliament ; permit sae, therefore,
co►dially to congratulate both you and the Public,
ea the wady attitude the Srcrisucte has moo as-
saraml is defence of Universal Freedom, premed to
Ty ninny in every degree or form. TIN loiters can-
not long remain doubtful, whoa lite real Reformers
GUI ikellit 81 lank el their avesatui WEICOLEII In CAST-
1111111GMT, Gild 11l peliliral SAMPSON, like yourself,

eith whose green old age compared, oar lased
tribe*, bred ep in vile Correptioe's blasting air,
or caned to life by senshitts proved. of &sandiest
ehowera.:—•re bet the beings of a answer's day,"
which, though they wayjlettst their withal/4i beer
•uayreeod the captivaiieg lamps of Venality sad
Court flower, sever can eland the weridies lights of
4. COMMON SENSE AND RIGHTS" among the chosen
Representetivea of a Fags Pectect. If the admira-
ble Appeal wade by Wootta and ethers, to the reit-
*cooing faculties of Westwinster's Electors, sad to the
smagnassiesows justice of their new favoarite, produce
wo comentenntrate elect at the pending Election,

osery honest man in tbe country will then console
himself with the certainty, that the Veteran Chas-
pion of England's •• Rights end Liberties," in
amicable concert with one upright Srertexem mia-
ow! doom msy yet do more service to the nation's
hest interests,then be could ever have efectedmithie the
lien's den, through the equivocal support of 'jadeite
rival. amid the roar of contending factions for plea-
der, from whoop jaws the good ski man might net
lave •aperieeeod the, some sepernatural deliverance
that Damn., the Jewish Reformer, found in days of
yorefrootsschbeeste of prey. Much has aisle been mid
aboot Pettier Suascaterions" on a treader scale.
and with
_fairer designs than •' Raving Banks ;" and
I have a convlctims, that the scheme is in rapid pro.
gre4s to embrace every rational creature in the Bri-
fish Empire, who most of coarse p►der &await,e and
cheap redemption from slavery, to the infentoustirei-
shoal, now preparing for himself and posterity for

. .
ever.—Now or Dever is the time to speak, write, and
ed Ilk. Eeelisboten worthy •f their braver slices-
tors ; and I see so plan so safe aid sure es the si-
multaneous formation of Reading Clubs in every
*truer of the kiegdow, sod the application of the

ashseribod pence, for Wily sslestion, at once, folks
best periodical works nn politics and passing events;
among which, as a Daily Psper, aided by your
worthy Contemporary Reformer's powerful pea, I
shall 'Wore Its predict the Srersamem will in fo-
ram shin a stsr of the first saagnltudo.--1 remain,
year's, an old correspondent, who still wishes to
shed his feeble rays through your columns.
roads., Feb. 8. • CR EPLISCLE.

Os &tardily morning, Minot bedpost Ree o'clock,
whilst the Knorosbro' and Harrogate horse mall wet
reporing to start from the pest-office In Metberby,
two men, it is supposed, unstrapped Ole mail bag
Pram the bode, god got closer off with It ; shout
eight o'clock the outside bag and several newspapers
were found in a field adjoining the town, and about
seven o'clock in the evening of the same day,a farmer
ions* orighboorkeed brought to the ollice the rest
of the begs, which he found in a wood in the neigh.
burl:rod of Wetherby: they contained a large
legality *flatters, all opened end thr contents taken
oil, eteopt o few drafts. A diligent search was mode
after the robbers, and on blondey one of them was
taken, of the SUMP of Thomas Robinson, who rode
the York and Bornaghbridge horse-pest a few years
Wore; a considerable numbs., of bills was tweed upon
hie, amounting to upwards of woo. hr boo ander-
gnomon easetinstion and been committed to York
Shy jail. It is thought afro are three or foot con-
netted with the men taken, who will all probably
be seep in custody.

-~'~"'~'a~
f

rrWl..-
