THE STATESMAN.

- EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM BUENOS AYRES, AUG. 3.
We are now enjoying a little peace anfl tranquillity
since the defeat of the marauding army under Rami-
rez. Oar markets are in a bad state, as the interior
is literally overstocked with every kind of European,
India, and particularly China goods. The two vessels
which were expected here from Canton, will, no doubt,
make bad voyages ; several English vessels will re-
turn in ballast. A short time since there was a hot
press here, but all the Americans were given up. The
Portuguese have still the entire command of the
eastern side of the river.

The supporters of misgovernment and financial trick
affect to think that the people who have sorrowfully
witnessed and experienced the embarrassments of the
British System of Finance, are confounded by the
Battering statements published of the last year's Re-
venue. In the plenitude of exultation yesterday, one
of these Ministerial agents boasted that the Friends of
Reform are now either reduced to silence, or forced to
express as awkward satisfaction at what has occurred.
How ft was possible for him to conceive that the
public are silent on the subject we cannot imagine,
unless be listen to no persons except of his own de-
scription. Let him say what be will of the flourish-
ing state of the national revenue, he will find very few
of the mercantile or trading professions, of the mecha-
nical or agricultural part of the world, that will not
reject his tale. Every class connected with the great
interests of the nation finds that his own branch is in
an unproductive or a nithering state, and that if the
resources of individuals are generally scanty or preca-
rious, that the national revenue can be prosperous.—
That class of people, we are ready to confess, who
occupy offices under the government, and those whose
incomes are derived from the public funds, in conse-
quence of the encreased value •f the circulating me-
dium, may say " we are all, without doubt, doing ex-
tremely well." The labouring classes, too, who are
able to enjoy the same wages as they obtained when
the articles of subsistence were at a higher price, may
atpresent have less reason to complain, as they may
apply their incomes to some of the little luxuries as
well as the necessaries of life. It must be remarked,
however, that the advantages which these several
classes possess are gained at the expense of others ;
and are the reverse of being indications of the pros-
perity of the whole. Still, when we first perceived in
the official account of the English Revenue a large in-
crease in the Excise, we readily supposed that the ex-
cess was owing to the encreased expenditure of these
Indies in some of the articles of Excise. In that de-
gree in which this appeared, a token of the circum-
stances of the labouring classes being more easy we
certainly rejoiced ; and though we intimated no little
hesitation relative to the statement published, we ex-
pressed our satisfaction at this result, not awkwardly„l
but frankly, so far as the sympton could be trusted.—
We expressly said, it was not easy at once to detect the
artifice with which the returns of a Revenue of Fifty
Millions a year may be mixed up ; but after a more
close examination, and by the aid of our intelligent
eonespondents,the fallacy of this official statement was
d'oplayed. Without repeating what we ourselves have
attempted in this way, we can refer with confidence to
what was effected by the admirable letter of our cosi-1
respondent Mercator in The Statesman of Tuesday last.
This would be sufficient to skew that the friends of
Reform, if confounded at all, are only confounded with
the effrontery of the friends of the System. As a
proof that similar sentiments are entertained on the
subject through the country, we give in another co
lump the remarks that appeared on it in the last Nor-
rich .11ercury.

The politics of the Autocrat merits every reproba-
tion. He continued to look with indifference on the
accumulated butcheries of the Turks on the unfortu-
nate Christians for many months. although he had it

in his power to stop the effusion of human blood at
his pleasure. Still he considered the political princi-
ples of the Greeks as dangerous to despotism as the
knife of the Mussulman was abhorrent to humanity;
and as the policy of a court was preferable to the in-
jaactions of Christian Law, he leaves Christianity to
tike care of itself, while his brother Emperor imps.
gently waits for a portion of the loaves and fishes.
Prance and England are kept at bay and diverted by
the wily northern with the occupation of Wallachia
Ina Moldavia, as a security for the future good con-
duct of the Turks; and while be thus makes a shew of
forbearance, he, by degrees, gets a hold of those secu-
rities which will enable him to proceed further south-
ward, when opportunity renders it more convenient to
his ambitious designs. He is doing in Europe what
we hare doue in India, and upon that point the
account is balanced. But when religion is made
the watch-word, in order to abuse it, the Turks
have as good an excuse for their enormities, as
ALEXANDIII has for his.' protection to the Christians,
which is as commensurate with his designs of aggran-
dizement a4eith his christian feeling. The abettors of
"Ante power delight in -arming one ibedy of men
against another ; • the shedding of bunion blood
creates rejoicing and occasions .I`e Demos by way of
thanking GOD for the destruction of .his creatures.

A despot is never happy but when surrounded by
soldiers, if be have co foreign war be holds them to
crush liberty at boine. Trfidi sarresekn are too =nab
for his slaves to listen to; sad the laapgivers are the
*gents of the Despots, while learning and philosophy
are e exploded, and barbarous ignorance the substitute.
A display of religion is made not in 'the moral system

of Christ, but in a perversion of its principles ; instead
of the glorious precept of " Do unto all, as you would
wisA t.) be done by," the practice is "do all you can
for yourself, and let your neighbours take care of
themselves." The gaudy trappings of officers in ar-
mies; give young men a taste for chew, and when once
a soldier, they are little worth for any thing else; they
become the mac Lines of power and the slaves of com-
mand, and liberty is an ulterior consideration. They
are living Automata without a mind or a will. Under
despotic governments the rising generation are trained
to arms; they are liable to be called into the field at the
will of the despot. If perchance they can read, the
censors on the press take care that no books will
be disseminated but those written to support the
delusive system. Vandalism is nourished with
slavery, the natural consequence. The Clergy be-
ing the Pensioners of the Crown, exert their
influence to support it, while the poverty of unculti-
vated intellect, and the powers of the clergy, contribute
to enslave the mind and render mankind bat one
remove from the brute creation. Ignorance becomes
the partner of vice, of which the despots avail them-
selves to keep mankind in chains. The spirit of
liberty which raises man in the scale of virtue,
is in Britain principally divided amongst the middle
and trading classes of society. In high life the oppor-
tunities of varying enjoyments destroy men's taste for
science, as in the other extremes men are prevented from
shewini their equality of intellect from a want of means
to improve it. Therefore, when chance, patronage, or
some fortuitous circumstance enriches an ignorant
man, vanity at once prompts him to run Knight errant
after honours, and the deficiency of intellect to entitle
him to public notice is made up by riches ; like
the deformed woman, who dresses in all the gaudy
plumage of fashion, to make amends for what she con-
ceives the misfortune of bodily infirmity. This pro-
' cess must hold Russians and Germans, as well as
Turks, in a state of mental as well as bodily thraldom.
But, should the sentiments of the Greeks enter into
the army of ALEXANDER, be may prepare for the
change that has been se happily effected in Spain and
Portugal.

In another column will be found the letters that
passed between Sir ROBERT WILSON and Lord SID-
MOUTH, as likewise a note of a conversation be-
tween the gallant Knight and Sir RICHARD BIRNIB,
relative to the charges that had been brought against
Sir ROBERT at the Hammersmith Coffee House, &c.—
A copy of the correspondence was intended to have
been sent for insertion in The Statesman of yesterday,
but, we are satisfied, was omitted from inadvertency.

Instructions were yesterday received at Carlton Pa-
lace to make the necessary preparations for the recep-
tion of his Majesty by the 20th, or at the latest the
25th of next month.

We have heard on good authority, that his Majesty
is expected to be at the Pavilion in about five weeks,
and that orders have been received from the Continent
to prepare for his reception at that time.—(Brightou
Chronicle.)
Viscount Powersconrt, it is said, is to be the new
Irish Representative Peer.
A Privy Council sat at the Castle of Dublin on Sun-
day, which was attended by Major Stewart, who made
a report of the state of the county of Limerick. It is
expected to be immediately proclaimed.
LIVERPOOL, OCT. 22.—The Election of the Mayor
was decided this afternoon, at four o'clock, after one
of the severest contests ever remembered. Mr. Richard
Bailin was elected by a majority of 32. The numbers
polled were—for 31r. Bullin, 1619 ; Mr. Molyneux,
1567. Three hundred and ten freemen have voted at
thiselection more than polled in 181 S for Members of
the Borough.
Lady Cochrane's visit to this country, has been solely
for making arrangements for the education of her chil-
dren. She returns immediately.
Lord Gwydir left Paris on the 16th, in consequence
of receiving a letter from Sir Benjamin Bloomfield,
hinting that his presence might be necessary on the
King's return to London. His Lordship arrived yes-
terday morning, and, after the stay of a few hours, pro-
ceeded to Brighton.
Advice, from Florida of a very recent date supply
us with the particulars of what, unexplained, would
appear a serious outrage committed by General Jack-
son, upon the person of the late Spanish Governor of '
West Florida, Colonel Callava. General Jackson re-
ceived information that certain public documents, re-
quired by private individuals, to enable them to pro-
cure their claims, were in the hands of a Spanish Offi-
cer, named Sousa, attached to Cul. Callava. A demand
was then made for the papers, but a delay was pro-
cured, during whisk the papers were placed in the
hands of Col. Callava. The second demand was made
to the latter, but he refused to enter on the subject,
unless he were considered as the Commissioner of the
King of Spain, and accordingly required certain condi-
tions, and ultimately refused to give them up. Two
or three ether unsuccessful applications were made,
and Col. Callava was carried by a guard of the United
States' troops before Gen. Jackson, to answer the
charge. On his appearing before Gen. Jackson, he
again refused to accede to the demand, and be was im-
mediately imprisoned, as well as Sousa, the other
Spanish Officer: General Jackson then appointed a
Commission to proceed to the residence of Col. Cellars,
and seize the documents, which having been done on
the following day, Colonel Callava and Sousa were
discharged from prison.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East
India House, when the ship Regent, of 916 tons, was
taken up for one voyage to China in the Company's
service.

THeATRICAL PICNOWINON...4IIIIIII Clara Fisher,
who, at the age of six years, astonished the metro-
polis with her Kix: is Lißirie, is, we noderstami,
about to exhibit her powers in tragedy, comedy, opera
and farce. From what we have seen, and from the report_
of the melt %acute Theatrical Consols&lents, she is
considered a prodigy In nature.

MEETING
TO PROMOTE THE SUBSCRIPTION FOR SIR RO-

BERT WiLSON.

This day at one o'clock a Public Meeting was con- I
vened, in pursuance of advertisement, at the City of
London Tavern, to take into consideration the treatment
received by Sir R. Wilson, and to promote the S lbscrip-
tion commenced for indemnifying, him against the pecu-
niary injury he has thereby sustained. On no oc-
casion was the large room of that edifice so
crowded with respectable company, or a company
so animated with a spirit appropriate to the occasion.
From the lateness of the hour at which the business
begun, it is impossible for us to attempt even an
outline of the proceedings. We can but briefly state that
on J. G. Lambton, Esq., M. P., being unanimously called
to take the chair, he addressed the meeting, in a very
eloquent and forcible manner, on the subjects they
were assembled to consider ; assigning as is rea-
son for the concealment of his name, at first, when
he forwarded his subscription, that the contri-
bution he hal offered was from the impulse of
private friendship ; yet urging the company to re-
gard the cause of Sir Robert Wilson not as a personal
but as a national concern. Other gentlemen then
came forward and the following Resolutions were
proposed and unanimously agreed to:—

. _
2. That this Meeting, as friends of public liberty
and the Constitution of their country, as established at
the Revolution, willingly embrace this opportunity of
avowing their disapprobation of any Administration
maintaining a large standing army in time of peace, and
endeavouring to make its Wicers the mere creatures of
the Minister for the time being.

3. That this Meeting views, with great satisfaction,
the manly and liberal manner in which so many of the
best and truest supporters of the liberties of the country
have come forward to unite, with their fellow citizens,
in marking their indignation at such an attempt, as
equally dangerous to the Constitution, and degrading to
the Army, threatening the one with subversion, by a
military force, and depriving the other of the noblest
birthright of Englishmen—that of freely discussing
the measures of the Government under which they live.
4. That the subscription set on foot by Sir Robert
Wilson's constituents, shall have the best support of this
Meeting, it having for its object, to protect Sir It. Wilsou
against the effects of Ministerial vengeance, and to sliew
to the world, that as often as the advisers of the crown
shall contrive the means of oppressing those public men,
who support the cause of the people, the people will
stand forward to frustrate all such unworthy attempts.
5. That the whole of the subscription, already raised
and to be raised, shall be vested in five Trustees, to he
by them disposed of in the way most beneficial to Sir
Robert Wilson and his family.

6. That the Marquess of 'ravistock, M.P. Sir Francis
Burdett, Bart. M.P. John George Lasubton, Esq. 111. P.,
Edward Ellice, Esq. M.P. and George Weatberstone,
Esq. be requested to act as such Trustees.
7. That the thanks of this meeting are eminently dne
to John Meorge Jambton, Esq., ALP., for having ori-
ginated this subscription., and for his unwearied zeal in
this cause, particularly for having attended the meet-
ing of this day.
That ,the thanks of this Meeting he given to the
Marquess of Tavistock, M. P., to Sir Francis Burdett,
Bart. M.P., to John George Latnbton, Esq. M. P., to
Edward Ellice, Esq., M. P.,, and to George Weatherstone,
Esq., for having accepted the office of Trustees to the
Subscription Fund for indemnifying Sir Robert Wilson.
9. That the thanks of this Meeting be given to James
Barnett, Esq. for having kindly accepted the office of
Treasurer to the said Fund: s s

10. That the thanks of this Meeting be given to the
Hon. Henry Grey Bennet, M.P.; to Edward Ellice, Esq,
M.P.; and 'Mr. Joseph Hume, Esq. M.P. for their very
liberal support of this Subscription, and fur their attend-
ance this day.

The following names, we understand, have been
added to the subscription for Sir Robert Wilson :
A Yorkshireman, per J. G. Lambton, Esq., M.P.,
100/. ; Lord Anson, 100/. ; Marquis of Tavistock, 301.
His Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief is not
expected to transact military business at the Horse
Guards before Tuesday or Wednesday next.
. _

The Duke of Bedford arrived at his house in St.
James's-square, late on Sunday evening, from Woburn
Abbey. His Grace left town fur Worthing yesterday,
on a visit to the junior branches of his family ; and
intends returning to Woburn on Monday next.
Mr. Tierney dined with Lord and Lady Holland,
and a select party, at Holland-house, on Tuesday, and
yesterday he left towh for Cashiobury-park, the seat
of the Earl of Essex.
The account of the Lord Chancellor's arrival in town
is premature. His Lordship is not expected to return
before Tuesday next.
The Earl Grosvenor has purchased the extensive
manors and estates of Gillingham and Montnecomb,
in Dorsetshire, late the property of Sir P. Sykes, Bart.
at the price, it isi said, of nearly 100,41004
The. Pavilion is to be forthwith lighted with gas.
Messrs. 'Palmer and Green have received orders to fit
it up for the purpose, and splendid chandeliers are now
making under their direction. The lights for the
music and banqueting rooms, and for the grand en-
trance, are ordered to be ready by the King's return.
It is also intended to have a range of lamps, lighted
with gas, in front of the Pavilion—the effect of this
must be magnificient and brilliant in the extreme. As
many as 150 lighti, are, we hear, already ordered.—
Two pannels iu the splendid music-room have been re-
moved, by order of Mr. Nash, for the purpose, as we
hear, of Making some alteration in the flues of the
apartnient.—(Brighton Chronicle.)
The idea of 'a Palace in the Regent's Park has been
long in contemplation.. It is said that by the sale of
Buckingham House and Gardens, a sum might be
raised which might go far in the building of a mag-
nificent structure.

A HestleMan dining with his friend at Hampstead,
last Sunday, was shewn what is called in the West
ladies, a galley Wup (preserved in spirits), which is
• species of Lizard ; when one of the company ob-
served, he should like to have a glass out of the bottle ;
if you did, said his friend, it would be what the sailor
calls a dream of Me Lizard.
The paragraph relative to the death of Mr. Wall,
of Fleet-mirket, inserted in our piper of Tuesday, was
we understand, in some particulars incorrect. So far
from being in his ordinary occupation at the time' of
his diteme, Sit; W. was,,we are now informed, confined
for Oise Inas by indisposition. He died on Sunday
forenoon, between 11 and 12 o'clock.
