r . taw
TH
• • .
.' - - .. •
_ . .
- -- -
E STA TESMA N. .
- - e
,
• anna. What conditions does the Emperor Napoleon the same time, the rank of Fiki_mershal. Lieut.. ReresaseseisJete. 7.-The following is levee likewise some hun'lreds of waggons, with provision ' '
impose upon her ?-the peace of Lunevills. ThelGlPirsi Decken is appointed Military Contßiandant tract of a tette! Prom Altona, dated Dec, 28:--- . of all kinds, are likewise going thither. .
treaty of Campo
The recruiting service in Prussia, is new
-
Formio is nearly confirmed ; and near country •af 4.1a00' ver.4 , These 'three pet.' -- 66 1 bays juit effected my escape from Hambergh,
•s.
France, always attacked, always triumphant, is 'se n are expected from England in the city'; . and hasten to give you some description• of the .her-
carried on with the utmost vigour, so that au army .
never weary of being magnanimous. Who does net- Hanover. . :Welt situation of that city. I want words, however,
of from 50 to 60,000 men is nearly ready to march, . .
Vemember that in this memorable campaign, Ate 1 The Duke of Cumberland, another brother of the to represent the miseries which the inhabitants en-
Emperor Napoleon, after the victory at Marengo, , Prince Regent, who has been ever sines last aumnanr Ida", end which are so great, that death itself is and, which can shortly break up for its destination.
, 9
honouring courage and misfortune, granted to M. de ,on the Continent, has likewise been appointed Ivi-eferable to lilting under such intolerable slavery.- min
. .
. ,
. 1.
Melee a capitulation by virtue of which 30,000 , Field-Marshal. It is said that he has been recalled'. Picture to yourself thousands of men, women, and
, HELIGOLAND JAN. 3.--En I esnientte of the
distress of the unfortunate people of Ilamburgh oc.
Austrians passed with their arms and baggage through 'to London. This Prince acted no very brilliant park children, driven out of the city, with the wretched
. the middle of the, French artn)c t-Assustedly he eves on the. Continent. fie continued there for six months,
.eemains of their property; and why ?-merely be- . f ~..
. 7.. not ignorant that these troops '*ere going to rein. in a state of perfect nullity. cause they cannot purchase, at their own
,cest, pro- "swhil:hnedupkYwatrdhes boia.ribTalF-30.00011many.F45triff/hoaml
er):::nudsf;hl7. t; ..
force the Austrian army on the .Adige; and- yet The Allies did not suffer him to participate rotary visions for six months, which, from the high price of
e
they retreated across Italy without any obstacle. Let act, nor in any operations grain and meat, it is scarcely possible even for the siren have been forced to leave thelohowiel, destitute ei
us compare this capitulation of Alexandria with that . Ile confined himself to making 4 visit of ceremony slunk to do. It is said, that not more than frbm .ef every means of support; his • %seat . nighties. the
of Dresden,-the fate of M. de Melas with that of, to the Allied Rovereigest his residence was 'tided Ile to 15,000 inhabitants will remain in the city.-1
Crown Prince of Sweden's fi •si care has been to
oider the sum of 20,000 dollars to be 'dedirated to
Marshal St. Cyr,-and we shall see which party has' between Berlin and Strata. •He was held le con. Yesterday 20,000 people were driven met of the city.
shown moderation in victory, and fidelity to its trea-. &location in Gesmany, sad it is generally sal :that !:God only knows what will become of them. All
,their tuunediate relief ; and subscriptions for rite
' .
ties. he has no capacity. - Ithe suburbs have been burned. Ham, Eimsbuttel,
Let us proceed. After the treaty of Luneville Aix-LA-CMAFILLR,JAN. 4.-On the Ist, at elevedi and Schutterblatt are in ashes, and their unfortunate , same purpose have been opened in different towns on •.;
-
the Continent seemed likely. to enjoy a long peace.- at nightv the enemy landed near Remigen, in the i inhabitants are now a prey to hunger and want. At Ithe Continent. The Committee
.formed for the-ma. r
France, engaged in its,! nagement of that fund have called upon others to maritime preparations, had department of the Rhine and Moselle: he was de- 1 the moment I write, all the Hamburgher.berg is In
'
no forces on the banks of the,Rhine ; 411 our troops 'fecal between that commune land that of Scuzig :" flames; the sight of it fills me with honor, and-makes fellow the laudable example, end have transmitted .
were on the heights of Boulogne, the vessels for 300 prisoners were taken, one of whom was a Ma- my blood run cold.' .
•
their embarkation were collected, the expedition jor : 160 of these prisoners, Russians and Prussians, ' Accounts from Frankfort mention, that the Ist to this island such documents as prove the great de.
was ready, the signal for departure was going to have already arrived at Cologne, with a 'carriage and regiment of the Dutch „Legion, Which was organised gree of distress to which those enfortanate exiles
sound, when Austria suddenly gave the signal for a cannon. , at Schwed, had leroken up for Holland, and would /have. been reduced,' and *hid) cannot.but• anbeete
battle. The armies threaten our frontiers, we march On the 3d, about noon, the enemy passed the be speedily followed by the second. the residents and. kiiabita its of thist island with
with the rapidity of lightning, the tempest bursts Rhine, in the environs of Mailmen', in eleven
instant
• The following is the substance of a letter from the
one desire-to add as far as paseible to their relief.
at Ulm,-Vienna falls, and Austerlitz delivers the and advanced to the gore of Cologne. In an borders of Switzerland, dated in December last:- . . y
His Excellenc Lient..Gov. Hamilton most an=.
. whole Empire into our hands. if our enemies had the garrison, as well infantry as cavalry, proceeded ' 66 You would very much wrong the people of
been in our place, what would they have done ?- to the point attacked. After a short firing of ions- Switzerland, if you supposed that the late declare. lout to assist and forward a generat subscription on
We know not : but the treaty •of Presborg tells us ketry, in which they lost soma men, the Allies re- tion of neutrality, issued by the Government, ex- the island, has been pleased to cill upon the follow_ , .
what the Emperor did. turned to the right bank, leaving behind them 60 pressed the sentiments of the people. The demo- ing Gentlemen to form themselves ink a Co-mMittee e
' critic Cantons,. who have not forgotten the disasters to promote the same, and to report the state of the
The House of Austria, which might have been said prisoners, among whom was a Russian offieer wound..
.1 ' •
to exist only in some of its eastern provinces, re- ed. They almost•all belong to the. landwebr. The of 1798 and 1802, hate and abominate the French ; Fond, and the disposal thereof, t the sat'ticslbers:
covers all its possessions, except the Tyrol, the part national guards newty organised, effected the ser.* Zurich and Berne detest them not less, but with Mr. J. A. Romer, Mr. A. O. Rani,
of the Venetian State ceded by the treaties of Campo vice; the public order has not been disturbed. mere concealment; Basle is the friene of every one W. S. Brie, A.. Ellerman, •
1
Formio,_ and Luneville, and some other detached On the 3d, about 'll in the stoning, the enemy from whom she hopes to derive commercial striven. A. Blacker, J. Pasums.
pieces ofterritory, but which were compensated for also landed between Weiss and Ilaulenkirc.bee, bat- tage, but the people wish from their hearts that C. Kohn, • -, :,
by the cession of Salzburg and and Herchtoldsgaben. he was repulsed with 'rigour by the cavalry and in- those calamities may be retaliated on France, which —. I
yeahhav e ' youEck
mi
:litho:
Lastly, in 1809, while the Emperor was beating, (entry stationed indhose two villages. ' she brought upon Switzerland. Only the new Can.. • TO THE EXILED HAMBURGRER9,
cmtouiuraseraile.,oyuoDsuloounAtotosgftihyveoeufwariatbyhormtuolesidnesatnepd:pluriged
at Astorga, the English army of General Moore,- VERoNA, DEC.' 9.8.-The day before yesterday tons of Vaud, Thurgau, and St. Gall, with the ex- •"By an order of •the 18th Dec. the Prince t
ea:
at;
an aggressio-n still more unjust than in 1809,-an the enemy attacked the position of Ciminero, caption of Tessin (which. has been for three-
ieggression, the avowed purpose of which was to in. where was established General de Conchy, with two scourged by the 'Masks of douneniers),
,:eade France,. again provoked the French legions. battalions of the 106th, and one battalion of the 36th ' Frinchified chiefs : the others are not much infected, firm' ,
• All the western and\ southern provinces of Austria light. Though the eoemeerenewed the attack three : with this plague. The best and moat intelligent of •
• are conquered ; the capital is for the second time in timep, he was always repulsed with great loss, and , the Swiss rejoice that the period of deliverance from the principles which guide the Allied Powers, •th e - -
•. the hands of the victors ; Hungary beholds the French at last thrown in.disorder on Be By the num- ' the disgraceful influence of Napoleon is at length ar. Crown Prince of Sweden calls you to him, and offers
eagles on the ramparts of it; cities ;an ever.methora. ber of men which he left on the field during his re. I rived. They still recollect his arrogant and blind you relief.
ble battle puts the whole Monarchy at the disposal treat, his loss may be estimated, in killed and i ambition, 'which dictated, in 1811)__Iis answer to 46 If it is a misfortune that you were not enabled
• of the Conqueror; the Russian armies, then our wounded, at 400 men, among whoM were several supes.. the Envoys of the descendants of .William Tell, in to provide yourselves and families • • with provisions for ! •8'
allies, threatened Eastern Gallicia; the House of rier officers. Oa our side, we bad 10 men killed, and I which he used the following expression: " Were I i
s x months, let the consideration that you will not
Hapsburg might have ceased to exist; the treaty of about 100 wounded. This combat does much ho.' only to- dream of it at midnight, I could order , ,
Vienna restored the House of Austria to the rank of flour to the troops engaged 'in it, both Officer, and 100,000 men to march before morning, and unite you "c. witnesses to the sufferings which threaten your un.
a Power of the first order. soldiers. to my empire." . fortunate city, be your consolation."
Such has been the generous and noble conduct of Ciatvzs, Dec. 31.-Whatever the Allies and their
__ i . His Royal Highness the Crown Prince of Swede*,
,
the Emperor of the French towards one of the belli. partisans may say, it is thought that they
have
not
in
' NEXT TUESDAY THE STATE LOTTERY informed of the measures adopted at Hamburgh hes
gerent Powers. Austria; after four successive wars, the whole of Holland more than 10,000 men. Ad. s
unfortunate for her, in which she saw her existence mind lentil's' has not suffered himself to be seduced BEGINS DRAWING. issued the following Orders, which are to be math
. --
four times in danger, loses only a few provinces.- by any of the promises that have been mode him.-s- Arr. - Mali. Due - public in all places occupied by the army undef ills
Ab !If she had obtained over us all the advantages He is at the Helder, Which is considered. as, im- 2.. ~ Heligoland ' o command, 1. e. throughout lieleteie, and from 4.
which we have gained over her •if in three years hhe pregnable, and determined to defend himself there 2—• • .
r gates of Hnusburgh to the gate! 0f44040 Francer •
. ' '
H
hattwicossecopied Paris, should we be as powerful to the last extremity. He has provisions sit 'at to nue Dee -
~ -Nei** see roes reieses.,, ) " ThOtO amburghers, who, in consequent:4f
• .
as she. is now ? Should we have the influent* ifilai illflinT'Veib-S-t-bilallttilres-:,/,-.' • . - ' ... • - . _
,_ .'..desPoditted by Marlbal Datene!i,.." tba 10k "
she exercises in Europe? It seems that we may he Our troop% occupy, die* -' .•- - #-- .--... -,----77- -i-i
.1 . . - . hr. , s ,mA - ---1), Deeemtiof bin* ban enittlerlieleisve4ii ell s.of .
allowed to doubt it. Deventer, Dettelpill, &c. At theeda. ' , Jest :P., •- - ''•
' Let. us proceed to Prussia. accounts from the Hague, *me En. , 'wean, . . _ 't Hamborgies will be receiCfed with every attentioniby
In 1806, Prussia, without provetations, made in sight of the coast, and tie Hellen ••1" - . made . the Allied Army of the North of Germany: ""
. LONDON: •
her armies march towards the Rhine; the French to believe that they had troops on beer& ' buster- '' Clothing and provisions wile fee distributed to '
legions go to meet them, and the battle of Jena put. nation and alarm arts already spreejamong the inha- THURBDAY, 3 MARY 13, 1614. . them In proportion to their wants.
ting au end to this mad contest, renders the oon. bitants in Holland, whom the AM, plillege and ill- —.....- • " Those among them whb choose to contribute*.
queror, at the end of a month, master of the Prim. treat in every possible manner. :. .
Two Heligoland and two Bremen Mails arrived wards the liberation of the city of Hainburgh trim •
sian monarchy. A great and powerful Ally still de- AGRI, DEC. 44r-The Garonne overdewed Its .
• ed the follow- the tyranny ender which it will receive alms '
fended it; but the latter being itself vanquished in banks on the 22d, and laid the lower parte of the this morning, by which we have recetv. groans,
the plains of Friedland, leaves the Emperor Napo.. town under water: it began to subside last night, ing interesting intelligence:- and pay as the rest of the army. They will foots
leon master of the destiny of Prussia. but very slowly. The communication, are inter- BltzwEN hrs. 4.-The CroWn Prince of Swe. Pict of the national guard of the city of Hamburelt..
The treaty of Tilsit places the King of Prussia cepted, the couriers stopped ; those from Paris, " The aged, the women and children, shall recethe .
; den who' was before Hamburg,' with his corps •
again among the Sovereigns of Europe. The Em. Bourdeanz, and Toulouse, bate not arrived since
'particular protection-their wants will he supplied.
l d'armee is expected to pass through here on his way
peror Napoleon restores to him almost two-thirds of Tuesday last. The courier from Auch.did not ar-1 i to The towns of Oldeslohe and Segeberg ne fized .
his kingdom, the whole of which victory had put in rive till today at noon. Ito Holland. .
his power ; and, thanks to the generosity of the con. PARIS, JAL 4.-Count Talleyrand, Minister from llt is likewise expected that the Hanseatic Legion upon as rendezvous places for those Ilanabarghers
queror, Prussia still retains above eve millions and Franc* to the Swiss Confederation, whobft Basle en will break up from hence for Holland. who choose to join the standard of the troops des.
a half of inhabitants. the 30th of December, has arrived at Pith. Numbers of Haaserghers arrive here, who, driven tided to liberate Hamburgh. • .:••
Shall we speak of Russia, which, after this same Birsaiscors, JAN. 1.-The Paris Pipe* have been . Marshal' " The cities of Lubeck and Bremen are fixed it). ' .
from their homes by the severe measures of
war in 1806, and the loss of several battles, far mistaken, in stating that the Prince of the Moskwa ,
on for the race tion of the aged, the women, end
front feeling the effect of its defeats, acquired the had arrived at Besancon.
• * Davoust, repair hither to seek covering and support, P
children. •
district of Byalistock from Prussia, whom she had . . 4 and they have found it. Nothiog serious has yet • ,
engaged to defend ? These are not vain allegations, DUrcH PePllllll. been attempted against Hambergh, and that business "In order that the assistance may be. prowipty.
not phrases without weaning ; they are facts which appears to go on very slowly. . and that the situation of the unfortunate /iambi+.
our cotempomries have seen, and which history has NEUFCHATEL, DEC. 22.- Last night the Chief of ii •
amburgh is sufficiently provisioned, and is very
already collected. the Donaniers at Bienne, passed through here with- , granted to supply their immediate wante
strongly fortified. . s
Let the Allies prove their moderation as we have out stopping. The people at Bienne had broken " This first advance shall be drawn teens the feeds
just demonstrated our's; let them come forward, let open his bureaus, and burnt his paper*. - 'Our Go- Dec. 31.-Hamburgh is besieged, but not yet
• telli
them speak, and the world will judge if they have a vernor, Mr. Lesperut, is still here, bet it is said taken. We look and hope every hour for in - destined for the pay and supplies of the Swectsh ~ 44
right to accuse ua. wilt soon leave us. Great events are every moment gence of its being stormed, such being the intention Army. •
We are noble, great, generous, in the midst of our expected. . of the Russian soldiery. General Winzingerode, 66 Within forty-eight hours measures will be tat
victories ; let us now display firmness, courage, and BAMBERG, Dec. 29.-On the 2.3 - Wt. the Na. . . main for the restoration of the advances issued out of the
with his corps, left us about eight days ago, and. •
love of peace ; let us be more united than ever, let tional Guards of the 3d class, offered tikeetielves at Swedish military chest.
has broke up for Holland; but it is reported that he
us press round the throne on which such brilliant Munich, for the defence of the country': . •
i " The execution of this order shall be enters
trophies are suspended, let us distrust an enemy who ! A Russian Courier has just passed threes!' here, will march against Brussels. ' •
to the care of a Special Commission. This Co *
attempts to divide us, and who, hoping to weaken ' carrying orders *o the troops of is.neition, who FRANKFORT, Dec. 26.-According to intelligence
sion shall consist of three Members, via. of one e '
trs by disunion, and to depress us by terror, sends are still in the rear, to hasten th etliveeee to the th F ch have quitted, the town of Er.
received, e reu . .
before him fallacious proclamations, and enters Rhine. • , e
..4.'''' .' • feet- The French ;artisan has retreated into the ,
'citizen of Hamburgh, named by tb• Chief # the
with the torch in his hand ; let us be deaf to his pro.l FRANKFORT JAN. 1.-Yostsiur $ day of I Staff; of an inhabitant of the etty of Littiecktrandef ' . •
citadel.
seises, as well as to his menaces, and let him learn, rejoicing for this city, in consequent:4f *Govern- -. •of the city of appointed 't
One
The Russian armies daily retells considerable re-
that we are no more to he seduced than to be fright. ment, after our old model, ineringr *tend on its gistmtes of the respective places. • i
coed. Then he will be forced to desire sincerely the functions under the high proteedpViljil ilia Allied, infercements, both of well-clothed and exercised re- ,
peace of which he speaks, perhaps without wishing Powers. crafts, as likewise of conveleaceits: • " The Members of the Commissiou
, .•e•
.4
•
for it ; humanity will respire, and Europe will be Yesterday a proclamation to
, -410"14 effect The corps d'armee of *General Count Langsrron
. ; vioAead.quarters of his Royal High's* ; e 46
consoled ! j was issued in the name of the itsii City Col. which forms a part of the Army of Silesia, and is TT
ce e instructions on the mode of maisigembn 4
. ..
.. . ,
Let this pompous Declaration then be tread with . leges :- they will have to pursue, in order iti give an cco it a
cantoned in the vicinity of our town, received an
the well-founded distrust which it is calculated to : 66 When the 19th of August, *ft 'we cote- on ~
excite, and if there be a single Frenchman whom it' municated to our fellow.citizens the sad Inkiemasieel addition, in the course of fourteen days, of 46,000. handed •
can move let him open the annals of Poland, let i that an irresistible will had put • elate** to ithe.free. infantry and 3000 cavalry, excellently mounted.-over to the Commission, by the In
3,
Ilt •• ; •
him read' the manifesto of Catharine, when her 1 dom of this city, we still solaced oviseffeesiwith the This corps, notwithstanding the loss it has sustained General of the Army. The Commission is mitt:mite'
armies invaded that kingdom ; she came but to re. ; thought, that no misconduct of our'•had broughtthisbloody and memorable campaign, will soon
in
store its happiness--to maintain its ancient canstitu. ' upon us that misfortune ; and that ' , wise Provi• are exhausted.
again be under arms 50,000 men strong. ,
sion-to secure liberty of conscience. Let him pro. deuce, who regulates at his pleasure 0 devices of (Signed) ' , If
• The -Corp* d'Amee of . General Baron Sacken„ " B. BPAMIE, Mse.-Oeo. &cam i
. coed three pages farther-the each% of Praga, and men, would sooner or later terminate t "dimity: 4 4 liradidarters Kiels Dec. 24, ten." ~.
the massacre of 30,000 citizens, will shock his eyes The wished-for period has now arrived; the Allied witich,likewhi &teas a part of the army of Silesis,, ' •-•
• •
- -let him reed on, end he will see written in bloody . Pow•n have determined that this city.shall'resume• mu also received tonsiderable reinforcements. The ' BEL JAsr. A A ti• 11 t
IerOLAND, AN. a.-fur wor..,y / ~..p.ver ,r
characters, POLAND 111 NO MORE! 1 her former constitution and governor nt. This day' ,jzth infantry corps, under the cetnamed of Lieet.- Hamilton has set a noble example,' by ulesc'l4ll-
ERFORTII, Dec. 24.-We learn that the Court of was held the first sitting of our city 'strides, at Ge •
General Prince Lieherba t has : • ow, left the corps of 1001. for the relief f the unfortunate \ t
Berlin has not been able to succeed in its projects of which an extraordinary concourse '.the rghere "raw _ o lhitiburatle .
aggrandisement in Lower Saxony ; and that the in- was assembled. With sound and demo sticated
phlti and joined that of General
Count
enngeron, - ~ 1.1
,
Mimics of England with the Court of Russia has been German hearts, and with an active soil for promot. Seek". .
The intelligence from France, as far e 4
-7.the'ext. ts '
such as to replace provisionally the Cabinet of Lon- ing the general good, qualities which ill former times' WAPJAW, Dr.c. 11.-A third army corps of re- we yesterday
yea ay gave, and further give toialay, may e , I
don in possession of the late Electorate of Hanover. distinguished the citizens Of Frattkfort, and reds serve of 40,000
men, lately organized in Russia
)has called intelligeisce-..contradicts the vwrious 'tin- ' '
. -We are assured, that Prussia has been obliged them to make the greatest sacrifice, In difficult cir "" 1 eda • 1
to sign a treaty with England relative to this ob- cumstances, we trek we shall condos, to merit the. are y entered Poland, under the command of surd reports of the present state of fiance -a f '
ject. ' high protection of the Mlles; while lathe same time,
The Prince Regent of England has appointed his by a well regulaegicity governmeati and the 'seal of Lieutenant-General Berabrazow, and Will very
shortly break up to join the army on the Rhin.
brother,the Duke of Cambridge, Governor-Gene. every citizen, cAmerce and the arse may reship, sevosi tietecheteete front 16 Russian -
- rat of he states of Hanover, couferring on him, at and flourish as In formes periods."- - • ' ) •
- - .
. ..,
i '
. 1
- ,
. .
its Emperor. We felt it our dutls, neverthef 6,
. .
'• • owl wll Malt Itedi Mrs, and thetituards • d •
.
, -:. ~..,.... :_ __ ..iii - ,
• - . .. . .
..,
• .
• .
. a
..,
.-• .tu • 1, a .
to give them, however little the ceecy t they eleseleter. ~•
•
nts, We 'subjoined oar own opinion of chat we Iseliev;ed
~s
I •an might really be the state of thi and wlddi *e ..•
, -
• ,
\,.
4 • •-. :
1 .;.,i;
t . i:

. . .
- . koAead-quarters o
fur it ;humanity ;ill respire, and Europe will be ! Yesterday a proclamation to Os fagew.. Aig► lOW
, Cole eerie instructiom a
consoled ! I was issued in the name of the seielitealutiThe corps d'armee of General pouot Langoiyi,;*
s which forms a part of the Army of Silesia, and is
they will have Yo I
Let this pompous Declaration then be [read with loges : '• '
$144
the well-founded distrust which it is calculated to . 66 When, en the 19th of August, ;lre: of the disposition I
of fourteen days, of 48,000
cam. cantoned in the vicinity of our town, received an
handed over to thi
1 .
excite and if there be a single Frenchman whom it' municated to our fellow-citizens the -,
can move let him open the annals of Poland, leti that an irresistible will had put • iierir#thi
. laptioation, addition, in the course
General of the Ar
i him read the manifesto of Catharine, when her Idom of this city, we still solaced ov , i Ire,. infantry rod 3000 cavalry, excellently mounted.—
th the This corps, notwithstanding the loss it has sustained
to afford subs uel
1! armies invaded that kingdom ; she came but to re.: thought, that no misconduct of our' ' et" brought
store its happiness—to maintain its ancient constitu.. upon us that misfortune ; and that nisi Proti-. _ _._, are exhausted.
in this bloody and memorable campaign, will soon eq
again be under arms 50,000 men strong.
sion—to secure liberty of conscience. Let him pro- deuce, who regulates at his pleasure ' *deal of (signed) u
•1
coed three pages farther—the lacing of Praga, and men, would sooner or later terminate t
part of the army of Silesia, nradiaarters K
viiikutity:' • The Corp* d'Amee of . General Baron Sicken, ~ _
the massacre of 30,000 citizens, will shock his eyes The wished-for period has now arriee4; die Allie6,,whigh.likOwilli ARM a
. —let him read on, lind he will see written in bloody , Powers have determined that this city,shalt resease• Ma also teosived Considerable reinforcement,. Theo RILIGOLANDs ;
characters, PoLANn ts No Mona! 1 her former constitution and government. 1:4-11 day 14ith infantry corps, under the command of Lieet.- Hamilton has set 1
. .
twat Prince Lieherbatew, has left the corp. of 1001. for the relief
ERFURTII Dec. 24.—We learn that the Court of was held the first sitting of our city)ffugisttates, at_.• mineral ,
.
Berlin has not been able to succeed in its projects of which an extraordinary concourse st.the rghers
Coont Langston, and joined that of General Baron
aggrandisement in Lower Saxony ; and that the in- was assembled. With sound and uesophlsticated
_,
fluence of England with the Court of Russia has been German hearts, and with an active zeal for remit- 0 ,16441 n• . The intelligence
such as to replace provisionally the Cabinet of Lon. ing the general good, qualities which ii former times: WARSAW, Dzc. 11.—A third army corps of re- we yesterday gave
don in possession of the late Electorate of Hanover. distinguished the citizens of Frankfort, and led serve of 40,000 men, lately organized lu Russia, has called intelligence-
: . —We are assured, that Prussia has been obliged them to make the greatest sacrifice" le difficult cir=airimi--
. pct.sign Treaty with England relative to this ob- . -. to a ) cumstances, we trust we shall condone to merit the:
• high protection of the Allies; whils lathe same time, - . y entered Poland, under the command of surd reports of tb,
Lieutenant-General Berabrazow and *ill very
I
4... its Emperor. W
.1 ' . The Prince Regent of England has appointed his by a well regniatlicity government.; and Orient, of shortly break up to join the army on the some. 'to give them, hose
.
brother, the Duke of Cambridge, Goeeroor-Gene. every citizen, cAmercs and the arts mat reel* Several detachments from 16 an sgfesents, We 'subjoined oar
- rat of the states of Hanover, conferring on him) at and flourish as ill tonnes pinitdl677 - ' • •• ' • mums wiiiii4lol IPA imine and fO*gusrds, -and might really be ti
I ,
• ;. • -
. .
I
• . • ••.
•.:1-.,, . -• -,...,-,-,?,!„,,r. •
. .
• .. ~..
•
\..
• ~.
