THE QUbEN.

Notwithstanding the fa suitable statements that have
been published within these few days of her Ms•
/LIITY'II condition, it appears that no material change
for the better has taken place in the general state of
bet health. Tbs following is the Betletin published

this morning
:61 Xew Peaty, Oct. 1.
" Illegal** has hao several tram sleep in the eight. bit 4
does not appear to have produced any material asap ot
the
symptmas 'feet MArrYlr'S diocese.
(Sped) " F. NI ILMAN7
During almost the whole of yesterday her Kt•
scarf continued rather better than she has been
for some time. She was again removed into bar
boudoir, and partook of the dinner, prepared for
her table, with a tolerable appetite. She was at-
tended, during her repast, by both the PRINGEMS.
After seven o'clock, however, her MAJOTY bad a
slight recurrence of fever, and was by no mesas se
welt as she was in the early part of the day.---
Immediately after the promulgation of the Bulletin
of yesterday, Sir Ftt•scrs MILMAR set of for Lon.
don, leaving Sir HENRY IIALTORD in attendance;
and, at five o'clock in the evening, he returned to
the Palace. The Normans again passed great part
of the forenoon in the grounds, attended by Gene-
ral TAYLOR and Sir HENRY 11ALFORD. Their Royal,
Highnesses appear to find much relief, from the
tedium end anziety of their present
projecting the different improvements which are go•
ing on, and in superintending their notation. 'A
great number of workmen are employed in these al-
terations. The temples and alcoves, which had been
suffered to fall into a very resinous state, have bete
repaired and decorated ; and it is intended to lay
down a number of spacious gravel walks, intersect•
lug the lawn et several points. One very sped**,
walk, nearly half a mite in length, is already is
great forwasdeess. It is to emend from the Aviary
gate of the home shrubbery ever the lawn, to the
covet calleffthe }lolly Walk, near the Pagoda ;sad
will form a good winter promenade. This, is theist
Roysl Highnesses may remain there some wreaths,
will be a great improvement ; the old walks Wag
bet few, and those very confiued.
' At half-past five o'clock, the Patrice Reamed
arrived from Carlton.bouse, and had an immediate
conference with both the Physicians, at the close of
which Sir HENRY HALIrOAD, who had been waiting
some time for the arrivel of his Royal Highness, lam
stantly set out for Windsor Caitle, to attend tie
Plinetri SOPIIIA. his Royal highness afterwards
visited the chamber of her hisistartaood,
having
remained about three quarters eraa tees at Ills
Palace, he returned to Carlton-house.
The state of the Labouring Classes, and the lab.
ject of their grievances from low wager, have b$
come matter of serious consequence to the DMA
Nation ; and the Legiiiniore would do well to at-
tend to the public happiness iri this respect, by the
application of another remedy than what the hand of
,coercion and punishment has hitherto supplied.—le•
damn', in the districts where commotion eras the
oboe
ncdo nt
hs eeq
efforte oft &nil los
ledr yolt a lira,
as
tiro: u mi :Gdo
nhtei 10 Se;

at tbe espence GE health and rest and mental peace.
Rot, 44 be thou pore as snow, chaste as Di st4A,
thou shalt not escape calumny." There are districts
and clines in this "free country," which are pro.
scribed In the view of certain persons, who minister
to authority. The poor Labouring Manufacturers,
who have been struggling for an addition to
the miserable pittance on which their lives
depend, whilst hundreds and thousands of State
Sinecorists are wallowing in wealth and luzery upon
the fruits of their labour, may return to their toil-
some employments, the unpitied slavery that knows
no end but death, but they will still be accused of
disaffection, and vilified as the enemies of public
peace. The People in the manufacturing districts
are still armed of systematic treason, end plots
against the State, because it seems they have not gives
■p the opinion 'that a Reform is necessary in the Go.
comment, and that no inconsiderable portion *of the
miseries of the country is attributable to the abuses
and corruptions that have destroyed the Constitution.
The Courier of last night, in the very article which
announces the return of the Manchester Spinners to
their former habits, cries out that " the reign of dis-
order is not yet at an end," because, forsooth, a rob.
tic Meeting was to be held on Monday at Stockport, to
coositier about the best means of obtaining a full, fair,
and free Representation of the People in Parliament.
It is assumed that such a Meeting most be for par.
poses of committing disorder, and the writer very sagely
and logically concludes, that should those persons ap.
pear at this Meeting who had been most active in
promoting the turn out, it must afford a sufficient
proof that the work.people had acted for the pur.
poses of sedition ! The British nation is thus
given to understand, that to hold a Public Meeting
for the purpose of petitioning Parliament to
amend the Representation, by restoring some of its
original purity, Is a seditious and treasonable act!
But this is not the full estent of the inferences made,
and the very accurate information we have laid down
upon Constitutional points by this friend of Nlinisters,
66 learned in the law, and the practice of the Con-
stitution," according to the present mode of adminis-
tering them. The Treasury scribe, after observing
that one of the objects of the Meeting went° take mea-
sures for procuring the bail required for the individuals
who have been arrested on charges of sedition, and
also to defray the expellees of their trial, adds,
" Where will the money come from ? Will the
funds, publicly collected to support the refractory in
their illegal demands, be applied to support them
now against the law?" This is the first time we
ever heard of its being against the law of Eng-
land, to endeavour to procure bail for persons
ordered to be liberated upon bail, or to sub-
scribe for defraying the erpences of their 'trial.—
It may be Merl in the opinion of some to cOmmi-

aerate the situation of the labouring classes, or re-
echo the murmurs of the poor; but persons who are
trained to work from xis years old, from five in the
morning to eight and nine at night, are not liable to
the charge of being inductile; and were the Ia( ',orate.,
of obedience to power and necessity to take their
stand in an avenue leading to a factory, a little be.
fore five o'clock, and observe the squalid appearance
of the little infants and their parents taken from
their bed at so early an boor, in all binds of weather ;
were they to esamine the miserable pittance of
food, chiefly composed of water-gruel and oat-
cake broke into it, a little salt, and some-
times coloured with a little milk, together with
a few potatoes, and a bit of bacon for dinner ; we
presume it would be impossible even for the sup.
giorteis of this system of slavery to withhold their
commiseration from its victims. There then
the poor creatures are (and if a few minutes
late, a quarter of a day is stopped in wages)
Locked up until night in rooms heated above the
hottest days we have had this summer, and at.
lowed no time, except three•quarters of an hour
at dinner in the whole day : whatever they eat
at any other time must be as they ere at work.,
The negro slave in the %Vest Indies, if he works un•
vier a scorching sun, has probably a little breeze of
'air sometimes to fan him: he has a space of ground,
'and time allowed to cultivate it. The English spin.
tier slave has no enjoyment of the open atmos-
phere-and breezes of heaven. Locked op in factories
eight or ten stories high, he has no relaxation till the
ponderous engine-tops, and then he goes home to
Bret refreshed 'for the nest day ; no time for sweet as-
sociation with his family; they ere all alike fatigued
and 'ethaested. This is no over-drawo picture: it is
literally and enfortunately too brae.

We give in another column some particulars *of an
awful and calamitous event which has occurred
at Nottingham. It is to be hoped that it will operate
as a powerful warning to those entrusted with the
care of removing gunpowder from one place to olio-
Otor.

-.4011.--

The French Papers to the 28th tilt. have arrived.
The health of the King permits him to transact busi.
mess, and give audiences in his emus! way. The
Electoral Colleges are summoned by a Royal Or-
dinance to assemble on days severally appointed be•
tween the 20th and 26th of the present month. The
Ordinance regulates the proceedings in the election of
Members for the Chamber of Deputies, in the room
of those whose seats are vacated conformably to that
Article 0 the Charter which directs that a fifth part
