THE STATESMAist

the secrecy of the Post-Office has been violated by mac. Kiag Louts has over and over again, and for. the
some of tb- A,ent‘ of Government—who has dared last time they say, in a Proclamation, to which we
0 •„lowa', such measures? This is rather to calum. alluded yesterday, and insert to-day, told his chit-
ni3te the Emperor than to serve him. Baum not the dren what they have to expect from his loving kind-
;34c, since the year 1789, pronounced the inviolahi. ness; and the whole Congress, or TALLETitamn for
of the NO Office ? Take care to punish to extre- the whole, hove, following op their first wise resolves,
oty soy future violation of this most sacred of the issued a formal article which we also insert, declaratory
ivis of own. The thoughts ofa French citizen are to of the tender mercies which they mean to exercise in
6, as free at his person. their conduct to France and her rebellious Emeraon,
511.1 y 8. (Signed) CA RNOT. who they still declare is not merely unfit to rule, but
to live. This man, they say, " ought not to find any
razscit Foos-57 f. 50 c.—Bank Bonds 800 f,
further asylum among civilized nations ;" and

To the intelligence in the Faris Papers we are en. among uncivilized people he can still less be allowed
ti 1.,f1 to add the following extracts from further to exist, for he would set them free from the spirit-
German Journals, which arrived to-clay : i sinking yoke which certain civilized Monarchs wish
VIENNA, APRIL c27.—lt being of the highest im- i should bind in fetters of slavery, end for ever, every
portance to have the troops upon the frontiers as nation that pants for liberty and independence. But
,ion as poksilile, the Allied Powers appointed a though '6 the Congress has net deliberated upon
Comm.nee to crnisit:er of the means of making the mere suppositions," their reasoning in reply to the
armies loch their destination in the shortest time, observations of the French Council of State on the
and the manner the [p.m hurthensome for the People. first Declaration of the Allies, seems rather of a
This Committee his delivered in its report, which feeble and illogical cast, for they do not prove that
!I:UPS that the system of rettui-ii ion is detestable, that they kept their treaties and promises very strictly, or
ilit, ~,i,-”, of contracts must be considered as ex- that France has no tight to elect for itself any go-
be.; i:tg, a.hi that the only attmissible system is to vernment it chooses.
1, I tiny trans.' up.t their march pay for what they 1 The support, too, that all these declar»tions of hos-
talf, at a certain stipulated rate; Austria will have tility are receiving from those whose support is Re.
I Cornaiittee at Angsbnrgfi, Russia at Frankfort, cessary to carry them into effect, is not such as to
awi Prussia at Colegite, for this purpose, to liquidate justify the boasts which we see put forth. The forces
tae 3-counts. mid pay the surplus : for the beginning that were to come in such strength and numbers
n.t)00,00014 florins are put at their disposal. The from the North, are not likely to be on the Rhine so
,I.;:lration in the lest sitting of the German Com- speedily as expected. The people of Poland have
mittko, Olio t :e Congress would not be ended till the got an ideas which the Russians aro not learned
Cort.sti Coeteder Ilion shall he arranged, and that enough to drive out of their heads, even with the help
e 0 dritbecalit,so: on that subject will begin as soon of cold iron. ',tamely, that they have been deceived
a; tiu, territorial a; ra egetnents are in order, as made and ill-treated by the just and magnanimous Con-
te Btron nuniholdt. ' gress—that deliverance does not, in the book of

The regulations'of the new German Constitution, justice, mean being delivered over, bound hand and
is far as they are known, steals to be very Solid and foot, to a band of Russian and Tartar masters, and
sell adapted to the end. Ynt a certain want of com- that governing them " like Poles," has another
paints .is observed, and is pro'elbly desiglied, that meaning, if it has any at at all, than governing them
al.er the issue of the great drama which is at hand, like sticks and " long poles." The Sasons seem to
th '..P may he more liberty to mould the form as cir. think in a similar way. in regard to their deliverance
rynstantsos mry then require. into the hands of the Prussians. Therefore a great
APRIL Imperial Highness the Archduke proportion of the Russians and Poles, who were to
Fc...iaand i 6 gone to Lintz. fi4ht so cordially against Fleece, " cannot come,"
la:cooem, APRIL S.—Our Gland Duke left this and are much mare likely to fi4lit with one another.
di, yesterday togs to Pisa. Our truth-speaking Journals, who wish to see
Its soon as he was goae a mob collected, which, Europe again overrun with " deliverers" from
no: contented with tearing down the arms of Mu t the regions of the North, tell us we Inas almost hear
en the dour of his Consul, bet ;a-treated several of the sootid of their horses' feet, and the rattling of
Close called Jacobins, and dragged them about he their terrible armour, as they rash to the field
city. The tumult was checked by the Governor, of fi4" but ne are confilleetly assured that
sith the aid of the armed force and by a paarligious Ministers have received otivices from the Russian
fill of rain, but the thirst of vengeance against the G
_ :vernment, stmiag, that the disposition of the peo-
Bonapartists and, the adherents of Murat still con- pie of Poland is such as not to admit of removing
times in the spbit of the people. the army tioo in that country towards the Rhine;
ELBENTRLD, MAT 2.—From an authentic letter without r.l)laciug it by an equal body of men from
from Merrier, April '27 :—" if all the provinces of Re'ci . Tors cannot be done for some time to come;
Fatter are as decidedly against Bonaparte as the De. nor can the Russian Government march the body of
partment of the Notth, he sill hardly reign two troops floes the interior of Russia without an in.
months. At Lille all is iiirensed against him. The ci- creased subsidy to pay the expences of the equipment
Czens declared when the National Guard was assem. and march.
bled to take their Oath of Allegiance to the new Go. ' •
Such is the state of things with regard to the ex.
«lament, tt'at they would not serve Bonapart, but pected co-operntion of Russia. It is no less certain
their lawful King. Some of the Officers who de- that the statements in the French Papers of quarrels be-
dared for Bonrparte, were insulted and pelted with tween the Saxons and Prussians ere not void of truth;
awl. Many cried, ' down with the Jacobins ! Vine and that, in consequence of this dislike to accept the
Louis .111111.!' The frenzy of the frown begin to Yoke of Prussia, the latter will be under the necessity
abate, and numerous desertions take place. If Louis of keeping a considerable proportion of her troops in
XVIII. enters the North Department he will find SalonYr while it is generally understood that the
at least 50,000 men ready to fight for him. Emperor of AUSTRIA is actually in negociation with
Brnaparte has taken incredible pains to induce ISTAroLvorz, who is not unlikely to make op matters
Macdonald to take a command, but in vain, lie between his Father-in-law and MURAT. Prussia is
seat Devouat to hies, tisitb Orders to !wive no means -the only Power nn the Continent who, from the ob-
astried ; but Macdonald remained cold and resolved. , jects she has to obtain, may he expected to make
At last Dayoust is reported to have said to him, that great exertions its concert with us. Russia cannot
ahem the danger increased, if not love of the Em. expect to establiSh herself in the vicinity of the
parer, yet his honour would cause him to embrace Rhine, and Austria has good reasons for being jea-
ore cause of his country; to which Macdonald re- lons of Prussia. The occupation of Belgium for the
;;lierl, clapping him on the shoulder, that he did not King of HOLLAND, and the replacing the old Boye-
r:ant him to teach his the laws of honour.'" nom King of France on the Throne, are considered
by our Ministers objects desirable and important
enough to warrant our staking every thing on the ha-
zards of war. The British, therefore, and the Prus.
siaus, and such mercenaries as may enter into our
pay, may be expected to bear the chief brunt of
the battle, and the principal pait of the pressures
and privations which • the war will occasion. It is
said, that in consequence of a deficiency of physical
means to attempt the accomplishment of the task
which the Allies have imposed upon themselves, the
Duke of WELraswrosr lids required the whole dis-
posable force of the kingdom ! Whether the objects
of the war are sufficiently British and important to
us to warrant such exertions on our part, evidently
hopeless because they are impossible, we scarcely j
need say to any one who has a judgment to exercise.
Among other documents connected with the pre- I
sent state of affairs, which we lay before the public,
the letter from the present King of Narr.ts to the
PRINCE REGENT cannot fail to engage the Reader's '
attention. We really could hare wished to have I
seen such authentic looking documents and the Mir-
cial correspondence which could afford incontestible
and good reason for rejecting such propositions as
King JOACHIM'S State raper contains, laid before
the House of Commons and the British nation, in
preference to the garbled scraps of old letters from
bONAPARTE and his sister, which Lord CASTLE.
REACH read so pompously in Parliament the other
day as his justification.

The• Powers who have proclaimed their intention
r.f potting NAeor.k.ov BoVAPAItTE to death for re-
Mmitsg the Crown of Fcance, and of wreaking yen-
vAillCP on the whole French nation if it shall not
eacard him at thoir bidding, fearing that the threat-
ened parties and the world may suppose that they
:•A.l t•lianged their mind, and allowed their determi-
t.,:tions to he influenced by a change of circum-
cams, hare deemed it becoming their dignity, and
aecnicary for inferior mortals, particularly that na.
tint' of political offenders who hav' so pre-eminently
-"tiled Royal wrath, to know that they, the high
and denouncing Allies, alias the Congress, have not
their furious intetitlons in any single re-
IPsct ; that their famous act of proscription is irre-
t.cable, like the laws of the Medes and Per-
; and that they really and truly, and with
CI the force that they can muster, mean to enter
Prance to pat down the Government which she
hat dared to choose without their special leave.—
Therefore," let none plead ignorance," and therefore
1150, the inference is, let France prepare for their
4411luee, and the reforinntion they mean to work
her Weir, Rod manners. This additional warn-
-1"g, however, does not seem to have been very neves.
"ry for the information of the French people.-
167 have for some time been taking a hint fr•••in the
warnings of the Congress, and they are now giving
htunatinns in return of the nature of the reception
wheh they mean to give to the approaching reformers
and their isoes, intimations in our opinion equallYwor-
-41 the sae:glom of all authors of denouncing atatthe-

RAMIGATE, MAY 11.—Arrived the Ariel trans-
port, with troops, from Cork—they will he shipped
on board small vessels, and proceed for Ostend.--•
Sailed to-.day several small transports for Ostend.

. SEL:OND CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.

The Congressional NlMaons at Vienne, who have
so long been ropourMg and " talking hie—holding
Imperial routs—driving about in Imperial sledge-
parties-riding in Imperial swing-swangs—cutting
up the geographical position of Europe, by round-
ing the corners of some parts, and projecting (hem is
others—talking of old Haase:, as misers talk of old
gold, when in fact they are little better than old
Al,nanacFs—and disposing of human beings, as
though they had obtained Letters Patent from the
Deity to become the wholesale drovers and carcase-
butchers of the world. These " High Mighti-
nesses" have entertained the world with a " Se-
cond Chapter of Accidents," which , they issued
at Vienna on the 25th of March, " in the Name
of the most Holy and undivided Trinity," and in
which they profess.to march all their chosen bands
of free-born Cossacks, and free-born slates,
of an hundred different wiring, to preset-re, by
means of. war and devastation, the peace and good
order of mankind; and, in paiticular, " to support
the French against NAPOLEON BONAPARTE," whom
they described in their " First Chapter of Acci-
dents," which they issued at Vienna, on the 1:::11 of
March, as a criminal adventurer, withoiit adherents,
and without hope. It happens rather oddly, how-
ever, for their proffered kindness, that France (if
the people are to be reckoned any thing) does not
" want protecting against NAPOLEON BONAPARTE ;"
for there he is looked upon as the conservator and pro-
tector of those numerous blessings which, according
to the testimonies of our best English tourist+, who
have visited that country, have sprung out of their
Revolution. But these kind congressional Monarchs,
in their 66 paternal mode" of doing things, insist upon
it, that the voice of Louis (reho reigned in b;s Em-
pire at Hartwell, near nineteen years) is the voice
of France; they therefore Invite hint, in the spirit
of his " paternal goodness," to call upon them to
march their armies " to the aid of France," that
they may cot their way peaceably through the ranks
of his '6 loving subjects," to place him again on
the Throne of his forefathers; and the good and
harmless old man expresses his readiness to aid the
" wilted Monarchs" in their holy enterprize, for he
and his Minister at War, who fled from Parisin a
bottle of straw, are forbidding his said 66 loving
subjects" from paying taxes to, or serving in the
ranks of the " rebel" BONAPARTE, who, very pro-
bably, has been studying the art of legerdemain in
Elba, as he seems to have bound all the French in
his 6' ChirMs."—The Allied Monarchs may lay down
their arms with the utmost safety, for this scheme of
Lours andl•A
Minister
must settle BONARTE at
his
once !!

Besides the First and Second Chapters of Acci.
dents, there are also some sections come forth, which
hereafter may be embodied into a Third Chapter, the
most material of which is an article, purporting to
• boot Prot.lain-Ater' fr,,fir his Majesty of PaussrA to
hls"lhvinq sobjoets." okl and new, many of whom
. are giving his Majecy a striking proof of their at.
.torlimeni to his person and submission to his laws,
by quitting his " kingdom of scraps," and seeking
refuge in other countries, some of them even in the
ranks of the enemy. This King, whose bad faith is
proverbial, even to England herself—this King, nlio
seized upon our REGENT'S dear,dear kingdom of Ilan.
over, because BONAPARTE permitted him to do so,
and because it was convenient to the rounding or
squaring of his dominions—this King, ‘slio met
ALEXANDER at midnight to swear fidelity to him
over the tomb of the " GREAT FREDERICK," and
who shortly after violated his 44 midnight oath" by
drawing his sword against him—aye, even this King is
now talking about " perfidious men"—about liberty
too—and is calling upon his people to rise in arms
to invade France, in the nnn.e of " GOD," fin.
the purpose of giving repose to the world, " for
order, for morality." Really, Reader, is not
this too much, even for the most prejudiced to swal-
low ? Is It not insulting the precepts of religion, the
' dignified soul. of the sage, the rectitude of the ca-
suist, the comprehensive mind of the philosopher, the
reasoning of the politician, and even the Majesty of
Heaven !! Had this King any thing in his whole
composition, which contributes to the formation of
an honourable mind, we would say,—" leave his in-
sults, Ms rashness, his hypocrisy, and his impiety, to
be punished by the pangs of a reproaching con-
science;" but, as that is not the case, we can only
recommend the satire of a SWIFT, and the cutting
strokes of a Jonnos, to be applied as occasion may
, require.
• Another article which may be considered as form-
ing part of the " Thirl Chapter of Accidents," is
the Anitrian Manifesto against MURAT, King of
Naples, in which he is mightily blamed for r' taking
advantage of all the elements of a political and mili-
tary Revolution," to secure to himself the Throne
he has acquired. MURAT obtained the Crown of
auspice, partly ass recompence of his very distinguished
services to France, and partly as a consequence of
his having married the sister of NAPor.Eon, who had
Imperial as well as Royal Thrones at his disposal ;
and who, if victory should again attend his banners,
and if he should take a lesson from the political
conduct of JOSHUA, may once more have the same
Crowns to dispose of; then FRANCIS and FREDERICK
WILLUM may have occasion to remember, in the an-
guish of their hearts, that they more than once re.l
ceieed their Crowns as loans at his plebeian hands.
They yet have the means of preventing even the risk
of this danger, if, like An as, they are not urged on
by false prophets to their owodestruction. But, to re-
I turn to the King of NAPLES, who is now performing a ,
most cortsplcuous part on the great theatre of the world..
This King is charged with sayitig, when he heard of,
NAPOLRON'S entrance into Lyons, " that he consi-
dered the Estemion's cause as his own, and would
now prove to him that it had never been foreign to
him." To those Monarchs and Ministers who
make duplicity the sine qua non of their political
conduct, it may seem strange that MURAT should
have made use of those words ; but that he
ihoutil have scud from the impulse which
