~'
~.

•

•

. A PTURE OI IVASHINGTON. •
[rams TUC snerettLo (aw)
The destractiaa of the peblic buildings in the city
of Washington, by 'the Eitglish, having been fol.
lowed by the seizure of the printing materials in the
Office of the Ifediettal littelliwencer, has reclined the
attention of the people of this country to the name
and character of Mr. Joseph Gales, formerly the
publisher of the Sheffield Regieier (the ingresses
of the iris), who went with his family to America
'bunt 20 y Mtn ago. Wherever the t rue character of the(
Masi is known, his name Mast be respected. While
he resided is this neighbourhood, his private OA*
endeared him to his friends, his pub& spirit restaisiei4
him the favourite of the people, and his inflexible
iwegrity was acknowledged by his very enemies.—
The circernltaien attending the military asseelt epos
the .1174tioxil htlelligefficer Office have twee verionsle
related, but all accounts agree, that the ststablish.
mitt nes completely broken up. The Copse jOelt,
larity, and senseless malignity, "Isiah lave beim
!ported by the Miters of some of the Newspapers
in this country against one, whose merits they cast'
no more appreciate than they eau imitate We disiatt-,
pedalos's, kayo deeply &grits:all—if any thing can
iielceten,—that pert of the free prey of Engleud,
,Iltiels is sold into voluntary slavery. We would not
. *proved the Prince Regent's Ministers with their
sad.esten; nor will we believe that Government
,
Ls
• vs bad any sham in the miserable scurrilities cis-
' pointed en this occasion is what are callede—asad,
,ye hve, falsely called,-04, Government Prints :
jell eider the Editors alone responsible for thipt
*wetly* contributions to the mess of fidoehood aid 1
;Ornsdee *Mee has lseeu perseveringly hasped on.Ss
bolas, het sick, as shell presently be shown, will
itli'rectil 441 in touch or a finger spon themielrek
Thi; tirietnt Mirror says, " Gales, the Edittati
.4 4: likiiikestcyr is en Englishman, an
..i
wilsjersor. • Simi iseepiiittor of a Paper at Sheffield.
pray , hit-divers weighty reatoosY albs
Pc * Fs4nch Revolution and the &Oat
Correspoodift Society bad turned the heads and cnr.
misled the lseatta-of away of his Countrymen. ills
papa, tba Nalliegsof Inkfligeosesr, has been &silo..
risked for its abuse of the Govetement end People
of his native country ; and, as the fact must have
peen known to Admiral Cockburn, we may meson.
ahly conclude, that in his &gaiety for the destrec-
iioG of the types and perm!. the Admiral. was in.
Piteael

beto
inted, _ of
words more destitute of truth. Mr. Gales, the
Elitor of the National Intoltipster," arm." Wyss
the proprietor of a paper .st Sheffield ;" Mr. Gales,
who 66 was formerly proprietor of a paper at Shot-
sem resided at Washington, 'nor poblkshed,
there or elsewhere, tin y official Journal Tor the Ame-
ikaa Government. In Philadelphia, sabers he Fet-
tled at first, he printed for a short time s newspaper,
which was his• sole pleats property; end he now
prints one at Raleigh, in North Carolina, where he
has lived for many years. Mr. Gales, the Editor of
the Notional Intelligencer, is the son of this Mr.
Gates, 44 formerly proprietor of a paper at Sher-
'field," and was a child, only
These are
old, when
his father took him abroad. are .the simple
facts of * awe ; sad, independent of the merits of
the feeneea they convict the Editor of the Brktol
ef the twofold Westin of visiting the sins,
of /Nihilist en the Soo, sad the 'inset the son on the
father. It makes little' difference whether he has
done this ignorantly or knowingly; ignorance or,
she truth, where malice is rodent, and the champ.
tors of men—eye, and their lives too—are delibe..l
ntely aimed at, is almost, it not altogether, as cul.
Wiens wilful falsehood. The Miter of the Bris-
tol Mirror is only one in this sweeping coodemno.,
lien,. which includes many of his brethren, who, in
like asenaer coati:sending persons; places, and cis.,
Ceitstsweee, with their own hands have woven snares
foe their owe feet, in sehich• they trill now find
themselves dishonourably entangled, and exposed,
to the aregithising pity of every man-who has beep,
is the stoelta, and deserved to be there. • , • j
With respect to the tine of Mr. Gales, the see,'
we cannot pretend to jade, either of their number
or their aggravation. We knew nothing of the Na-
tional lotriligonotr,eseept by the 44 /Ambled extracts,"
occasionally quoted from it; but if we know little of
lbs sins of Mr. Gain, the son, and even that little
through a false medium, the Editor of the Bristol
Alirror evidently knows less of the sins of Mr.
Gales, the father, and that too, if each a 'thing
be possibleN through a• falser mediae,' than the
renal Prints,—his own disordered isnagissattoo.--
Ali that he has Ravened concerning tMs Mr: Gales,
we hare proved to be utterly without fonedatioe
lent, like every dealer h," the thing that is net," he
insinuites much more than he has had the hardihood
to affirm. lie toilets, that Id r. Gales left this country
4' for divers weighty reasons :"—what be intends by
these, it would be vain to conjecture, till he shall
have explained them—and then we have a divers
weighty reasons" for believing, that his inallOnalill
will be found quite as autireetic as his agendum-4,
Ile gueeses,—nay, he " date say," that MC
Gatos, " entitle Messrs. Maass istd Co. did not
edit to see even the heginniag of *tie fray b'
The man who " date soy" this, dare say say titivigg
he says what he holm rot; the "ems et

/I \ilk

flounced by Whetter motive than mire mewl re-1
ipeimeet for the' tough stories' told brikPeles4
What Wining the latter daring the battle *tacit 1
pot told : tut!LesrphilesOrs. Madison and Co. we
llama, he 044", vesiOs• pee even the beginning
1.t.., . At u. time, no doubt; and
zi1,4114.16
1. *gain employed In fibril.
.and (proper occupation
144;4. Aft is likei his waive country."
a . 1 e
RP! . .. Oat the Passi4.l#llo“ as.
, . . . ter ordering deo No -
orows
ft;
-: • , li. to be burnt,—* that his
- ~,S.
told konsifteugh stories about bun,"
is ISO ' • , • IS
she
Ceer, as to tarrestig
--- ennidt;.- Whit she I. say to 40 Maysittaiii;,
jeelisretike Editor of the Bristol Mirror, Thii
Wild* jggsitientan either hue, that whef
,he was
'Meiji wiis also, or he ought to ,have known that
It wet les'', Wore he. published it. " NOW ibidi
lio! plain p tale shall put him down !"—Wo tell
him, in the 'face of the, whole kingdom through
wideh his calumny has been circulated, and through
vides this Contradiction shall follow it, that there
Isitsielnis spoken, written, or printed, e strintoi
