' . I
.-,.-
• ......-- c ro—a,_
~ 7 -''''' • •
. . ;
(Qj \‘l
CUL CULL
_ F.: t Cent
. .. ~ .
2
, • ,
(I,krk; . .1
ICAAA). . . . ~-
Ar ' sii
.„,4- ~ •,, state,m kn.
.•••, N .1 ,
•Mb - 0 *'ON+Q-211A.....
_,,,*..:.46*f di 47
le
At,* res 74 44 't
____ ----- •...
LONDON, MONDAY, • FESRUARN 2, 1824. "''4'
___ ----
__PRICE 7(.1.
_ •
46 The Cause for lehtch HAMPDEN fell in Me Field, and SYDNEY died on the Scaffold!"
No. 5992. - . _
_______,........

CITY OF DUBLIN TONTINE.
rig SUBSCRIBERS to the LIFE ANNUITIES,
yawed by the Corporation of the Cityot Dublin, on
the 24th day of June, 1776, who are to be paid their Interest
in Landon, may reed's, half a year's Annuity doe at Christmas
lot by implying to Messrs. CONINGHAII and SLIGO, No. 2,
Greet St. Helens, ilishersgete-street, every Wednesday, from
iu o'clock till 2.
The Subscribers to bring with them teeir bonds, and s cali-
f/ate of the life of the Nominee.
it is requested, that In ease of death, notice may he given as
&re, for the More !posit and regulation of each Class.

Barnstaple. &manna/on. and Credits)* New Light fast
Coaels,esery Monday, Wednesday, and Friday mornings, at
7 o'Cloek.

neys, Mr. Hadfield. and Mr. Kershaw, Manchester ; and
Messrs. Hurd and Johnson, King's Bench Walk, Temple.
W. Dew, Lesson Street, St. Mary latoune, st►ns mason,
Feb. '7, 146 sod March 13. at Basinghall Street. Attorney, Mr.
J. Johnson, Charlotte Street', Itothbone Place.
W. Eames. Dorset Mews West, Portman Square, horse
dealer, Feb. 7, 14, and• March 13, at Basiewhall Street. At•
torney. Mi. Reynolds, Carmarthen street, Fitzroy square.
T. Priy. Acton,Middlesez, carpenter, Feb. 3, 10, and
Marsh 13.44 Basinghall Street. Attorney, Mr. Finuls,.Hart
street. Blol4mpury
B. Jonek tad J. Norris, Budge Row, stationers, Feb. 7. 21,
end Matolll3, tit Basleghall Street. Attorney, Mr. Brough,
Shoreditch. _

•
ton's housekeeper, said to me at chapel, that Mr. 11. told
her we were all to have our freedom, but he did not think
it would he given to us unless some sensible people ers pt by
force about it, and exacted a positive promise from the
liovernor. 1 asked what she meant by force; she said we
should take all the estate's arms, and as soon a• we Ind got
possession of them, then turn ail the Whites off the town ;
she said, Mr. Hamilton cannot, and does not deny this;
he don't care about himself, as he was going away from
the colony, but only wished to liars a little time to get
away his stock and all his things. From that period un-
til Sunday, the 17th August, no regular plan was laid.
My father, Quamina, went that day to Parson Smith. who
told.him we must try to stop a little until he would get a
paper that was to be read to as. It was agreed at our
meeting, that Billy and Jack Heed were to command at
Mahaies, and Telemachus and Sandy at plantation Bache-
lon' Adventure. Paris and tioodlnck were to get the
business commenced at the Thomas estate.

The " Roekingkam." Leeds Light Post '7oxcli, sets out
every Afternoon at Two ; and passes through Baldock.
Ripyleswa.le. Eaton, Backdeis, Stilton, Wausford, Stam
ford, Grcetham, Grantham. Newark. Tuzford, Markham,
moor, Refford, Bantry, Doncaster, and Perry-bridge, ar-
rives at the Golden Lion Ins. Leeds, next .Afternoon, at
3 o'clock, in time for the Bradford, Hal(fax. Sklpton and
Huddersfield Coaches, at reduced Fares..-Drives through
with four coachmen onl.—Luggage and Packages only 2d.
per lb.—Notwithstanding the sseesnass expedition of
this Coach, it is allowed to be the most agreeable and
complete public conveyance' on the North Road, being
unequalled by any other.
Harrotegate and Ripon New Light Pool Coaches every
Afternoon, al 2. 4.8 is the Morning.

fto3l the permanency of its reputation, and the
Jextent to which it Is retorted,
DR. SOLOMON'S CORDIAL BALM OF GILEAD
STANDS PRII-ILMININIT.
fig great value is acknowledged by the Sickly, the Nerve's,
d the Debilitated ; to thousands of whom it is daily afford.
j,s comfort and aid unknown before, and relief which no other
medicine has supplied. To those whom early Indulgence of
the passions— Dissipation, er too great Mance on Constitu-
tional Strength, has* been injurious; to the sufferer from 1
Lowness of Spirits, Heavlsees of Mind, Deranged Soma*
Loopier, and lecapsalty_fig Exertion shortt IssesoVali
New she Begeedwee*Wit Notions Syßfdit base been doomed,
sad consequently labouring untie! irregular and painfol action,
this remedy is recommended from ample experience, with the
test prospect of success.
CLUTION.—As many Imitations *of Doctor Solomon's Cor-
dial Balm of Gilead are oe Sale, the Public will be sure
at to ask
k
for that medicine as Doctor Solomon's.' and look
Stamp silmadto each bottle, which has ' BAWL. SOLOMON, La-
ve:nom, engraved upon it.—None other is genuine.
For testimonies to its value, and much interesiing informa-
tion on health and disease, Solomon's Guide to Health, or,
Advice to both Sexes, may be consulted.
Sold by Mr. Johnston. 68, Cornhill ; Mr. Sanger, 150, Ox-
ford Street, Loodon ; Mrs. Ann Bowen, Norwich ; and all
other Medicine Venders, in bottles, price I Is. each, or four in
one Family Bottle for 335. by which one I Is. bottle is saved.

J. Crowther. jun. Wakefield, Yorkshire, corn factor, Feb. 40,
24, and March 13, at the Sessions House, Wakefield. Attor
boys, Mr. Lake, Cateeton street ; and Mr. Taylor, Wakefield.
G.Boyd, Holly Bush Place, Bethnal Green, calico dyer, Feb.
10, 17, sad March 13, at Basinghall Street. Attorneys,
Messrs. Watson and Broughton, Falcon Street, Falcon
Square.
S. Ray. Skin Market, Stones !End, Southwark, builder,
Feb. 7, Ik, and March 13, at Basinghall Street. Attorney,
Mr. lie wig, Total Mouse Yard, Lothbury.
J. er , Great Surrey Street, Blackfriar's Road, linen
tWeir fif aittAiwoh Is. Daainghall Slyest. Attor
Goy. Ir. %Her, UM
T. Berry. bond Court, Walbrook. wine merchant, Feb. 7,
and March 13, at Basinghall Street. Attorney, Mr. V. San.
den. Dowgate Hill.
D. Lloyd, Bankable, Southwark, timber merchant, Feb. 7.
14. and March IS, at Basinghall Street. Attorney, Mr. Wright,
Cloak Lane.
DIVIDENDS. _ _

Glasgow, Longtown, Gretna-Green, Aswan, Dumfries,
Brownhill, Thornhill, Sanqahar Kiln, Casysoek„ Kings.
well, and all Parts of Seatkind, a Light 4-fissids Post-
Coach Daily.
Bridgenorth, Walsal, Shrewsbury, Salop, and Holyhead
New Light test Coaches, every Mersin, and Afternoon.
The 0' Tally Be," Genstar y Ligkt Past Day_ Catch. every
lcormierat a vrotatefeltera 7 o'eleelt.threngh Redbars. Dun
stable, Stoney Stratford, Towcester, Weedon, Daventry, and
Donebureb, to Warwick and Leamington.

"These two men said they knew how to get into the
fort, and told Paris if that was attempted we should all be
murdered ; and h• replied, that is the only place where we
oogbt to go and die. Weshen settled to begin satt Sew
day evening, the ttitis Attrast, and take all trierwretralg,o
force, and put all the whits people into stocks to prevent
their going to town and sending up 'troops before day--
light; but they were all to be permitted to go down the
feillowing day, after which we were to remain on the coast
till the Governor should come or send to know why we
acted so. We did not expect it would have been known in
town till Tuesday morning ; -but we determined that no
injury should be done to the white people, to prevent com-
plaints against us.
"Joseph and Bristol proposed to breik up the bridges.
to prevent the troops coming. Richard had been run
away for several twonths before this revolt, and is extremely
violent ; lie will do harm yet if not taken, so I recent•
mend his being secured at any expellee or trouble, for he
will be a rallying point for ail the disalfe.cred negroes ; he
is not to be trusted. I have now declared every thing I
know that caused this business. On the Wednesday even-
ing, 20th August, my father,.Quantina, came to us at the
Success hack dam, With a basket containing some bread
and two bottles; he told me he had just come from Par-
son Smith, who told him' that now we had begun, we must
go on with it.'
" I have lived all my life npon Success, my master's es-
tate, where I war born thirty years ago, ■nd where I have
been &Way. well treated, and done my duty content and
happy. I cannot, and do not, deny that I have been con-
cerned in this rebellion ; but I declare soletnoly that IL
would not have acted thus had 1 not been told that we were
entitled to our freedom, and that it was withheld front us
.by our masters. Not only was every deacon and member
of the Church acquainted with it before it broke out, but
even Parson Smith knew the whole plan. It was told hint
by my father and Bristol, on Sunday, tite 17th August.--
Bristol can tell you the parson wanted us to wait. If he
did not know what we were going to do, would he havi
told us to wait ? I appeal to the Court whether I havejnot
prevented every mischief I could. and whether I have not
even saved lives—for if blood had' been once shed, no effort
could have stopped it afterwards. Richard was the bead
man at Success, and I never headed any of the gang ; I
never carried a gun, but 1 will say fairly that I had a
cutlass, which 1 carried the whole time. I am satisfied.
rhea I hare Wit fair trial, and therefore throw myself om
the mercy or the Court. I have seen the anxiety with.
which every gentleman has attended to the evidence, and
the patience with which the Members have listened to the
cross-examination of my witnesses. From the hour! was
made prisoner by Captain Al• Turk up to this time. I have
received the most humane ticatment from ull the whites,

The " Express," to York, Scarborough, Whitby, Shields-
Sunderland, Newcastle and Edinburgh, a New Light Pour-
Inside Post-Coach, with a Guard throughout ; sets nett
every Morning, by way of Newark, Belford, Doncaster,
Perry-bridge, Tadcaster. Darlington, Northallerton,
Durham, Morpeth, and Berwick, and arrives at York the
nest Morning, AT RtDUCIIID FARM—Driven through with
a coachmen (mtg.—Passengers finding themselves fatigued
os the journey, may rest what time they please, and then
proceed without any additional fare.

Feb. 7. C. Fearnley, Crutcbedfriare, wine merchant. —Feb.
Si, G. Dighton. Rochester, draper.—Feb. 29, W. Abbott,
Windham Place, merchant. —Feb. 21, J. Pethurst, Cranhrook,
Kent, draper.—Feb.23, W.Lowe. Fields, Lancashire, machine
maker.—Feb. 24, J. Bury, Manchester, J. Bury, Penallehill,
& T. Bury, Bucklersbury, calico printers.—Feb.2lo, J. Krauss,
Manchester, merchant.—Feb. IS, J. Carter, jun., Liverpool,
merchant. —Feb. 21, R. H. Clarke, St. Mary at Hill, wine
merehant. —Feh. 29, S. Vivian, Tywardreath, Cornwall, linen
draper.—March 1, 8. P. Holland, Worcester, hop merchant.—
Feb. 23, S. W. Birks, Thorne, Yorkshire, mercer.—Feb. 23.
T. Gayfer, Bruis Yard. Suffolk, merchant. —Feb. 21. S. Wag•
staff and :T. Baylis, Kidderminster, carpet manufactairers.—
Feb. 21, T. E. Hulkes, Rochester, tiniller.—Feb. 24, W. A. &
W. Browne, and W. Moore, College Bill, merchants.

Marlborongle and Swindon Four Inside Dag Coach,
thro' Aldbourn, Reading. Lambaurn, irton, Lydington,
Penney, •Wootton Hamel, Ranulory, Ilangerford, New-
b%ry and Maidenhead.—Driven through with one coach-
man 0114.
The New Royal Patent Mall, Boston and Louth. thro'
Royston, Cambridge, Huntingdon. Stilton, Peterboro'.
Deepisg.. Spalding, Spilsby, Alford, Grimsby lk
Evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, Swig!, at a quarter
before 7.
The "Express," a New Light Four-Inside Pave Coach
to Carlisle, Penrith and Wkilehaven ; with a Gotord alt
the way ; passes through Appleby, Brough, Bowe•. Greta
Bridge, Riehmond,Catteriek. Boroughbridge, F•rry.bridge,
Doncaster, Newark, Bawtry. Grantham. Sloorford, Gree-
lkant,
Stilton, Biggleswade and Baldork, Sets out in the
Morning, and performs the Journey silk the greatest Fa-
cility, AT SEDUCED PARES.

iMPOSTURE UNMASKED.
FriiE progress of Merit, although frequently assail-
' ed, is not impeded by Envy and Detraction. The ag-
presciet of ambuscade terminates to defeat; and conscious
rectitude ultimately triumphs in the attainment of the grand ob-
ject—public approbation. The test of experience is the gut-
renter of favour, and has established WARREN'S BLACK-
ING is general estimation :of which there exists not a stronger
proof than the tacit acknowledgment ore host of servile imita-
tors, who surreptitiously obtrude on the unwary a spurious
preparation es the genuine article, to the great disappointment
of the unguarded ',grasser, and manifest injury of WARREN,
•hose character and interest by this iniquitous system are
equally subject to detriment. It becomes therefore en indis-
pensable duty to caution the Public against the manoeuvres of
anprineipled Venders, wbo having no character to lose, and
'demisted by avarice is their nefarious pursuits, aim at the
acquisition of money through any medium than that of honor !
The original and matchless Blacking beery on each bottle a
short direction, with thasignature ROBERT WARREN. All
others are coanterfeits; and in many iostances the imposition
labels are 'Wally interlined with a different address, in very
small diameters, between the more conspicuous ones of "No.
30," and " Strand." It is ~needy recommended to Shop-
keepers and others whet ate deceived by base fabrications of
Wanes's Blacking, to return the detected trash to the source
whence it came, and expose the machinations of rascality to
merited obloquy.
- -

AVERAGE PRICE or CORN IN ENGLAND AND WALES IN THE
WEER ENDED JAN. 2&.
s. d.

PER QR.

PER. QE.

a. d.
Wheat 60 7 Oats 22 10
Rye.... ........ ..... 45 10 Beans 37 3
Barley 32 0 Peas . ....... ........37 5
Average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, from the re-
turns made in the week ending Jan. 26, is 335. Hid. per cwt.

Passengers detained on the road, by foulness or plea-
sure, have the pens/Jar advantage qf their seats being se-
cured in the nut Coach.

PLOTTING IN THE WEST INDIES.
-..11.-. •

Despatches from Jamaica, of the d tte of the 24th Dec.
have •been received at the Colonial Department, stating
that considerable alarm had for some time existed in the
Parish of St. George ; but that, as active preparations had
been made to guard against mischief, that parish was at
present quiet. Insurrectionary movements had been con-
certed in the sea sideestates, which were to have broken out
on Dec. 17, bat had happily been frustrated by the evidence
of a slave who disclosed the matter to his master, in sufficient
adopt the necessary
incipal agents in this
duly couldesid of
acy, and were execnt-
state, that as the Regi-
ay, and distributed on
the strongest expecta-
tions were entertained that the holidays would pass away
without any serious disturbance taking place ; to which ris-1
suit the execution of the slaves in St. Mary's was likely to
contribute: The most judicious arrangements had been made
for the employment of his Majesty's troops in the event
of any farther symptom of revolt, and no doubt was enter-
tained of the means of suppressing such an attempt before
aarserious consequences could be felt.
Upon this subject we also lay before our readers the
following extract of a private letter, from the place when
the intended rising was to have taken place, which fully
corroborates the details brought by the Jamaica Papers.
" ST. MARY'S, DSC. 20.
" I have now to inform you, that an intended insurrec-
tion among the negroes at Frontier Estate, adjoining
Port M*ia, has been most providentially discovered, and
eight ofthe ringleaders have been taken up. tried, found
guilty, )nd Ibis day sentenced to be hanged, when and
where his Grass, the Governor, may direct.
" l'he negroes on Wentworth Castle Estate, also close to
Port 1114ria,:tre suspected of being concerned in the con-
spiracy t but as yet no further dilcoveries have been made
God only knows where it may end.
" It is reported that some of the negroes on Spring Gar-
den Estate, in St. George, have shewn refractory symptoms,
but the particulars I have not heard, and hope it may be of
little moment."
The proceedings in the House of Assembly are of great
interest. The Committee appointed to inquire what steps
were necessary, in consequence of information received from
the agent of the Island of proceedings adopted by the House
of Commons and his Majesty's Ministe rs, in respect of slavery
in the Whisk West IntliaColonies, nude their report which
was unanimously agreed its. The language of this report
as well, as of the resolutions which were afterwards moved
and agreed to, is, to say the least of it, strong. Perhaps,
we should not err, if we called it intemperate, when all
the circumstances are duly considered. Some subsequent
resolutions, which do not appear in these wets, were then
submitt and negatived. The House of Assembly, having,
i f
gone t ugh its business, was renegued till the 20th'
Jointly . .
The Jamaica papers of Dec. 20. contain the proceedings
of a General Court Martial at Demerara, for the trial a a
II slave gamed Jack, belonging to Success Plantation, for
being concerned in the late insurrection in that colony.
The prisoner was the second leader in the insurrection,
his fattier Quamina, of Success, being the chief. Twenty-
one witnesses were called for the prosecution. After they
bad given their testimony, the prisoner read the following,
as part of his defence. The prisoner seems to have been
aware of the feeling which bad been excited against the
Missionary, Stnith, and to havefoanded his hope of pardon
.on tbeeocceas of .his endeavours to implicate that preacher
in .his *el&
A. About eaten pr.eigbt weeks before this rebellion, Cato,'
a free .manoneatiosed to any father, Quamina, something
about etir freedois having come out. On further inquiry,l
BANKRUPTS. we beard from Joe Simpson that it was true Mr. Wilber-
J.force-was doing his best• for. s, and that if we would sail
Nautili. Wood Road Mill, Lancashire, cotton spinners. patiently, • new Governor was coming out, tied if be did
to srrender, Feb. 16, 17, and March IS, at the Star Inn, Mau* •
not give us our right,-we must apply. to him, and be would,
chaster. Attorneys, Mr. Ha on, Manchester • and Messrs.
Bills, Sons, Walmsley, and Gorton, Chancery Lane. inform us of the regular way to get it. -1 went soon after-1
-W. Green, J.Breen, H. Sampson, add R.A.Satith. Sheffield, wards to my friend Daniel, the Governor's 'lenient, to
metal wars mantseaeter.,,,, -Feb. 6,6, and March 18,6 at the leans what issi kdew about the matter. He said he had
Commercial Inn Sheffield. Attorneys, 111 r. Blakeioeh, Sir heard a Hideo( it, sad, if it was a thing GOD had ordained
jaunts' Inn, Fleet Street ; and Mr. Bemuse, Sheffield. for us, it would be—shut we ought to have a little patience.l
B. Penny, Shepton Mallett,Soroersetshire, racer, Feb. It York, a oegro of our estate, told me that be bed heard an
13,,0nd Month IS. a: the Commercial Rooms. Bristol. Attor• overseer of plantation New Orange, Nassau, say that all
eels, Messrs. Boardillion and Hoeft. Breed Street, Cheap* she great men at hems wanted us to be free, but our nets-
We ; and Messes. Bevan and Britten, Bristol. Ws would not agree to it. About a week before I spoke
A. Gatentiy. Maiseheeter, whoiesels grocer, Feb. 18,17, end •
, March 15, at the Bridgewater Arms Inn, Manchester. Attor's 4° Ahalel' a "II" "lAA aamild'S"aillubb, Alt. liaailli

THE ONLY DIRECT CO/CH TO CARLISLE.
The Nem Royal Patent Mail. Cambridge thro' Ware,
Rustingford, Risekland, lY Royston, Evening, at half-past II
7 o'c!ock, Sunday, at a quarter before 7.
Kendal, Lancaster, Preston, Kirby. Lon:dale, Rulton,
Chorley, Ormskirh and Garstalig Light Post Couches,
eve, y Morning and Afternoon.
The " Royal Express." New Light Four-Inside Post
Coach, to Liverpool, in 29 Hours only.
Prescot, Congleton, Lawton. Newcastle.
ford, Stone, titgiford and Litokftold.
the Read.) teal Atiterwion; wimp
/had hash Daiwtreet, Llre►peril, RHt

WIRRRNa BLACKING is surpassingly brilliant; it exclaules
damp; gives pliancy to the leather; retains its pristine virtue
in all climates; cud, eotebiniag elegasee with me/ost, is as
article equally of indispensable fashion end utility. hold by
every respectable Vender in Town and Country, in bottles, at
Lid. Hid. led. and led. each.

The advantages to Travellers ,rho n.
their preferenceareforniperfor to any u.
as the "Royal Express" is driven thronyhons n•.._
men only (3 less than any other wads to Livcrpool)'—a sa-
ving to Passengers too evident to require comment ; besides
the addittonal advantage, especially to commercial inter-
ests, of pet forming the journey in less time than any other
coach ; and, notwithstanding its cheapness and expedition,
the Proprietors pledge themselves that for safety and ac-
commodation it is equalled by few and shall be surpassed
by none.

nor have I had a single insulting expression from any-
svlii.e men, either in prison or any where else. Before this
Court I solemnly avow that many of the lessons and other
parts of the Scriptures, selected for us in Bethel Chapel,
tended to make us dissatisfied with oar situation as slaves.
and had there been no Methodists on the East Coast. there
would have been no revolt. Those deepest in the rebel-
lion were the people in Parson Smith's confidence. The
half sort of instruction we received I sow sea was highly
improper; it put these who could read a little on examin-
ing the Bible, and selectiag passages applicable to our owa
situation as slaves, and served to make us dissatisfied with.

Staffordshire Potteries, a new Light very fast Coach, every
Afternoon, to Lane .d. Stoke, Shelton. Burslem. Tunstali,
Lawton, Manly and Holmes Chapel. This is the only Coach
direct to the Potteries.

Wakefield 4-Inside Post Coaches, every Morning and
Afternoon, AT REDUCED IPA RES.
Chester, Newport, Whiteehurek, Tarporley, Nampt-
wich, Nortiovich and Middlewiek Light Coaches, every
Morning and Afternoon.
Stamford Light Post Coaches every Morning and Afternoon
through Baldock, Biggleswade, St. Neots, Buckden, Alcon
bury, Stilton, an I Wandbford.
Sunderland, Stockton and Yarm Light Post Coach every
Morning, to the George Inn, Sunderland, er REDUCED
PARES.
Mountain's " Express. Umpire and Tally Ho," to Man-
chester, Winslow, Congleton, Newcastle, Weisel, Wolver-
hampton eir Knutsferd, New Four Inside Post Coaches,
Three Times a Day. Only One Night on the Road.
Sisepeld and Rotherham new Four Inside Post Conches
every Morning, called "The Express," and also " The
Rockingham,' every Afternoon, AT I EDUCRD FARES.
The " Royal Express," new Birmingham Light Fast Night
Coach, in lb hours, sets out every afternoon, carrying 4 inside
only, pastes through Warwick. Leamington, Sottisen,
Weedon, Dare,stry, Stoney-Stratford, and Toweester, to
the Saracen's Head, Basil Street, Birmingham, early the
next nsorning.—Driven through with two coachmen only.
The " Express" a New Light Post Coach to Hid!, Lin-
coln, Northeave, Hamden and Doncaster, every morning.
at eight o'clock to the Cross Keys, Market Plat?, Hull, and
also the " Rockingham" in the afternoon at 9 o'clock.
The Hertford. Wave. Iloddesdon and Cheskunt Coach.
Tottenham and *IMO* tOS Conches daily of eleven, half-
as t boo, five. am: eight o'clock.
104,* At Reduced Fares, to Leeds. York, and Doneaster :
Luggage and Packages at only two-pence per lb.
S. A. MOUNTAIN and Co. respectfully acquaint their
Friends and the Public, that they will not be accountable
for any Parcels, Passengers' Luggage, Writings, Plate. &c.
.of mo►e than Five Pounds value, if lost. stolen, or damaged,
noises entered as such, and the Insurance paid for accord-
ingly, at the Saracen's Head Inn, Skiver-street, Sae w bill,
London.

our owners, as we were not always able to make ont the
real meaning►of such passages. I would not have :wowed
this to you now, nos I not sensible that I ought to make
every atonement for my past conduct, and put you on your
guard in future. Gentlemen, wh4tever may be my far, I.
shall submit to it with resignation."
By letters and papers which arrived yesterday from De-
merara, to the 13th ult. we learn that the colony cominuell
in a state of great agitation, on account of the secrecy re-
specting the verdict upon Smith, the Missionary, and tiro
delay necessarily occasioned by the whole proceedings be-
ing referred, by the Governor, to his Majesty's Ministers.
It is now reported that he has been found guilty, but re-
commended to mercy, and that the Governor refers the
whole proceedings to his Majesty, as the source of mere)._
The Governor-General, Murray, it was expected, would
leave the Colony in a short time, baying been superseded
in his command.

Wert. Inimas.—We learn from Kingston, that Vice-
Admiral Sir lAwrench Halstead, in the his, 74, arriv-
ed at Port Royal on Tuesday last, and that five more
sail of the line, with the 7th and 42d regiments were daily.
expected.
A Special Slgpt.c..Wart was held at Sammie-in-Her, on
`the 15ttr insOiken George and Pompey. 91laees to James
Graham, a free 910 of colour, were tried for being present
at a Ineeting,.fornsed for the purpose of administering un-
lawful oaths, by drinking human blood, mixed ,w4ll
&c. It being proved that they did actually drink human
blood, missed with rum, and had taken a general oath of
fidelity and secrecy to each other, they were stptene4tl
be transported off the island for life.
Extract of a letter from Nassau, New Providence, dated
the 20th ult.:—"Our house of Assembly is n I w in Session,
but what steps may be taken remains yet in doubt. Some
of the Member, are for resisting every measure pointed
out in Lord Bathurst's Circular, which has been prim-
ed for due consideration. Most of them would, .1
think, be disposed to follow our house, anal are therefore
anxious to know what Jamaica is doing."--(Royal
Gazette)

FROM SATLEDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.

G. A. T. Bruggenkate, Faucher& Buildings. Fetcher&
Street, merchant, from Jan. 17 to Feb. 7., at against All
Street.

Mogrsoo BAT, DEC. 12.—Mrs. Powers, arrived _here
from Dentararw, givesmost melancholy account of the
situation of the country. Upwards of one tbocsand ne-
Kroee had suffered, and a great,roany were still wising
from several plantations. Many *laves. as well as free ne-
gro*s had boo penned, and their heads.6zet(onpoles is
variouspotea of the couotry. Martial lawatillmaatioued,
and would entails, in force until after UhristAss.,. A rein-
forcement of troops bad basin sent from Jlo.lolloo's sal
they wereln espeetation of others fawn lingiand. It
was understood that thexbak.of Ake 4ItsIW4PESI would fiest
call at Demerara, and such troops a. wave not cognised there
would be dispatched to•tbe other isloads. 4101Prrkars
silent on tho subject.

I. tkro' Warrington, °' . ''"` "•"'"'"'-'"" '"'"'"-•-• --
sue, Rydgig. lowa. time to enable the Magistrates to a(
(.fjilt
af One Night on measures of recaution. The print
ay at $l4 Saroapiq iNapiracji . ht 44 number, were
Brea tilA
eit - ' being eftifte4 a i rebellions conapirai
lononr this coach with ed oo the2-ith ult. These despatches eta
ay other on this Road, meats of Militia were on daily duty,
'oB9hoist with 4 coach- the dilferent estates in the parish, the
