iniE STATESIVIAV.

POLITICAL CONSIDERATIONS. it, on the contrary, will endanger her best interests, TO TfIE EARL OF LIVERPOOL.
ON THE TILLIE MOTIVES OF TIIE COALITION. and the smaller States of Germany will he ruined by
it. White England, whose Ministers wish it for ---:.0..
—..11.
ON TIIE NAVAL FORt'!'. (IP TOE mg rrni) STAirtil
[Most THE GAZETTE DE TRANCE, mAT 17, 18151 reasons of their own, and to establish a fantastiCal OF AMERIi A. •
For nearly two months many foreign nations have barrier for the new kingdom, will find In it the cer. Mr LORD,—From lite bogittning, and I ?Afore the
menaced our frontiers; hut such is notwithstanding fain and Mal ruin of her FIN-AN-et:l I Before eren beginning, of the late war with America, I thought
the British Ministers had obtained the nominal Con-
the solidity of our interior Government, that the
sent of Parliament to its Lord Clancarty had signed it my duty to warn you, that one of the Corse-
yoke of truth is free And uncontroulee. The thoughts •
bsithery treaties with all the Monarchs of the quences of that war would be the creating of a great
of a French Citizen (says the Minister of the Inte. :aa
Coalition, and a Russian loan to a large amount wag hovel force in that tountry. I endeavoured to des
dor.) °tight to be as free as his person. In fact, I • •
guaranteed in Hollatid. scrihe to yitu the immense means of America for such
there can he no real liberty without unlimited free- i •
1 Thus it was that the Cahinete of Europe occupied a purpose. Der fine rivers, beys. •Itl hart:Ours dem of speaking anti writing—whatever other points ,
themselves during the two months : in hostile negocia- her Pec,,llerit shie-buielers ; her hemp, iron; pitch,
of difference may exist, the whole nation is agreed . .
: lions against France, in agitating and arming the and ember. ell of her own product.; eed, above all;
on these subjects of civilization and security ; taught i .
People against us, and in mdrching their troops to- her matchless sotweit. Of the troth of this account
by experience, it neither wishes to fall into the : • i
warus our frontiers in all haste--every prospect of you and your colleaguos most. by this time he
frenzy of a revolution, nor the lethargy of slavery— • 7
peace appears then to have vanished. Indeed, it ie pretty well convinced : but, I cahoot help quoting;
it is united in one sole object, the repulse of the .
! said, that the last political arrangements of the COW. and addressing to you, a paragraph from Thr Times
stranger if be presents himself, and the maintenance i
gress were concluded on the ite.l of April, and the Newspaper of the lath instant; in the following
of its independence and the integrity of its territory. ,
all the subsidiary alliances has ar- words :—" Etiract of a letter from Plollii,!elphia,
Passion and hatred impel the tempest, which the ! ratification
. of
rived from London. The Declaration of War is ex- dated the 17th of March :—' Congress hater at length
Government, by wise and moderate councils, will '
avert with safety—instead of organizing •the whole . pected every day. But all France is also on the determined to have a wavy —d Bill has passed the
power of France and declaring indeterminable vvarr, ,
alert! The whole population will come forth with Legisleture, appointing a Navy Beard. Comrhoe
. .
arms in their hands, and the Allies will not find an dotes Hull. Bainbridge, and Rodgers, it is (see
The Emperor makes an appeal to the nation and acts
enslaved people ready to be conquered. The French peeled, will be appointed Admirals, and put le cern:
only on the defensive. While negociations were
going on to unite all Europe against him, he was
nation will show its enemies that the armies of the mission. A very powerful force, ender the com..
occupied in giving the nation a Constitution, by
Allies are powerkss against ' a .country which fights wand of Co ••-ulore Bainbridge, it 11, a! 61 ' I •,f out
which persons and property are guaranteed in seen-
for liberty ! : fur Algiers :it will consist of two new 74-gbh WWI;
city—which assures the liberty of the press, and of
We will examine in our next article the Coalition : five frigates,end ten sloops of war. If I am tint
in ai. clonema resourcesthis• of France. i provoked the veog?ance of our tars. l'oe Guerricre,
May test this with the conduct of the Allied Monarchs at puurila m
. port yesterday for New York, where the it to bd
Vienna. we shall find there nothing but precipita-
tion and animosity, and a system which undermines : NAVA L LVTE LLIG ENCE. joined by the ConStellab'on and Java frigates, front
the whole rights of men! We will not recur to the! —owe--
Dr et, MAT 21.—Arrived the Cieardet frigate, from the Chesapeake, and the United Stales and Moced4-
nian froM Long Island Sound: these frigates, with
celebrated Manifesto of the 13th of March, which!
six sloops of
.war,
raid
the first .1 on ,ig* grist
all Publicists consider as a stain upon civilized so. • a cruize; Leveret and Sparrowhawk, sloops of war.
. - • Algiers and it is said that 2,000 of Brown's rifld
ciety, we will only mention that of the 25th, which from off Dieppe.—Sailed the Alert and Mercurius ' .
veterans will go with the squadron. The whole tea.
declared perpeetial war against France so long as it sloops of war on a cruize.—Camedown from the River tion is decided for a rutty : the Pr-rms./Amnia, a 7-is
shall choose to place Napoleon on its Throne. The
eighth article distinctly expresses the filed determi-
to-day the Swallow, for Surinam ; Lord.Cathcart gun ship, will be launched at It is place in the month
nation to re-establish Louis XVII I . nnd hisdynasty e,
for India ; Thomas, for Surinams and the Earl of May. Large quantities of tin.ber are tinily
but the Cabinet of the Prince Regent of England in Lonsdale, for Jamaica.—The Fast Indiameninv. brought down the Delaware and Schityllkill for ships
building. It is no more eztraordivary than truee
a pnclerior declaration, says it has not the intention received their final instructions by their respective .
i
of imposing any particular Government opon France; Pursers, and only wait a fair wind. ith what d'spae h•i ey build etas 1 ar ti iLis
country. The Peacock, of 18 gurus, wit built at
and Lord Castlereagh, in full Parliament, has de. : P
a ORTSWOUTII, MAY 21.—Arrived y este day the om y r
N. iry Port in ei,liteen wor Kill slags I The
dared, that it eras only intended by England to get
Hyena store-ship, from America; his elejesty's Wisp was built at New Yolk in twenty day sl Toe
rid of Napoleon Bonaparte, and that the re-esta.
blishment of the Bourbons was not to be a sine Tat.
ships Amelia and Spartan, from the Downs.—Came Superior, Commodore Chauncy's Mtge- ip, ot 64
non of peace. • Into harbour his Majesty's ship Cossack.—Arrived gu"'s on Like Ontario, took up only thirty.
'lays from the laying of her keel until she had'
Let us suppose that the rest of the Allied Powers to-day, his Majesty's ship Chanticleer, from Ante- .
all her guns on hoard, and was ready for a
will adhere to this reetriction of England, let us rice; and his Mlaj-sty's ship Cephalus, from Foe cruize. It is said Congress
ibtend to hate the frames
see what it means. The English Government does mouth; also, the Trent and Mariner, from Ostend. of the Lake squadron removed to the Atlantic.' ".-•.not pretend to intermeddle with the internal affairs
. —Afew Colliers and several ships from the Downs; Now, what does your Lordship think of this?—Do
of France, but yet it prohibits us from choosing the 'A ..
not known. tt f Culars you think that it indicates any thing of that desire,
only Chief eh° can guarantee our independence! 'r
is it possible to proscribe the Chief of any Govern.l HARWICH, MAY 21.—Arrived the Alliance packet ,
of which you were pleased to speak some time ago,
people to put themselves
t e part of the
ment without violating the first principle of political 1 with a Mail from Gottenburgh.—Sailed the Success on h
under the protectionof iris M ' t ' G
L ajes y s ..veriiment ?
liberty ? Is not such an attempt a most direct at. ' packet with a Mail for ditto. Or, do you now begin to think with ITIP, that It in.
tack upon national independence?—Besides, what . FALMOUTU, MAT 19.—Sailed yesterday the Snake dicates the speedy appearance of an American fleet
Claim of confidence have the Allies for such a power?
packet, with a Mail for Surinam.—T .e Walsingham of 10 ships of the line and as many frigates on the
Hu their conduct towards Poland, or Saxony, or
Genoa, or Naples given them a title to it ? packet, for Corunna ; and the Marlborough packet ocean ?—Really, my Lord, this is of far greater
co
If England tins re as in consequence of the natu of for Lisbon, are gone into
the Roads. This evening in
ofsequence to us, and to the'world, than the erect..
Hanover and Holland into kingdoms. The"
66
its Government. had a sort of discussion as to the orders have reached for the former to sail, and she is g
regular Governmerit" of Melees will now flint, I
question of peace or war, the other Powers have at now getting under weigh • and the Marlborough to
fdare that itmustchange its course; bat,
say,
once proclaimed war, even without the forms of deli-
•weft for farther otderi.7 esellee -- .. 7 . * • American navy win not be employed solely against
..- . •
beration—.lor sue), ctivtitiely is the declaration of the
this very "regular Government."' It will, and it
King of Prussia of the 7th April. He calls the The Fred-rick trankport, Christie, with part of the must, make a figure in the world. h must act a
Emperor and his army " perjured soldiers." It is gallant 42d regimentof foot board, . on from Cork great part. Four years will swell it to a respectable
nonsense to talk about violations of the Treaty of for Ostend, put into Kinsale on the llth inst. with siee.• Before the end of that time, if we have war
Paris, because it is clear that no nation coule give the wind at S.S.W. and on the 12th (last account) with France, I Pill t thatshall A i
pr c ,we see an Amer i.
up the right of regulating its own Government, remained theit wind-bound. . . can fleet of great force, carrying its " bits of striped
without acknowledging at once the most shmish state, bunting" across the Atlantic.
of suhject ion and dependence.
To THE EDITOR OF THE STATESMAN. It Is for you, my Lord, who are a Statesman end
If the Emperor Napoleon had been less moderate,
_es, a Prime Minister, and for your bright colleague,
and had only followed the impulse of State policy,
who has recently returned from Vienna ; it is for
with what immense advantage he could have attacked M. Eorroa,—The legitimate Rulers of the Con- d f you, an not or me, to say precisely what will be
the Prussian army which was isolated in the coontry tinent inform us, that when they place their fellow. th this e consequences of very important chatige in
of the Luxemburg!, ; he clearly had the right to do creatures without the pale of civil and social relations, the naval power of the world ;-but, as it Is a I'aioser
so, for hostilities to not commence by the discharge
they do riot thereby mean to point them out as the subject, I wilt venture to guess, tt•tt the friendship
of cannon, the real aggressor is he who first draws
the sword. But he was too honourable to avail him- first victims of assassination ; but will the Lorded of slnaothen will soon begin to be courted by every
nation teag has either stdos or commerce and, that,
self of any pre,r..i. for war, until France was her- anointed tell us, in their might and - mystery, what
Peen allly, 'some 6f them have their eyes upon al.
self attacked—the Allies wish to make France a it is they do mean? Do they meawby placing a man
!lances to be formed with him, in order to deprive
scene of carnage and desolation—they attribute to i without the pale of civil and social relations, to place us of the power of exercising a mastership on the
the Emperor the design of renewing that series of !him without the pale of war, taxation, and starve- high seas. At present the main use that I would
conquests which had made France so celebrated andi tious
If this be their meaning, it is a boot' indeed make of the above information/ is 9 to urge it ow
so formidable to the whole universe, while they know e '
I well worthy of their might and majesty, and we pre. you as a reason for remaining at peace with France.
that such an attempt can never again be made. If •
nations are to declare war on such pretences as these,
i some N‘POLEOM was first made the object of it, in Ido not want to see an American Newepeper to
the true spirit of Christian charity. know what the people in that.country will think of
every body will be for exterminating his neighbour. ANTONY PASQUIN. the threatened war in Europe. I know they will
But let us examine into the real causes of all these not have patience to read one single article in the
preparations for a war so truly anti-social. Shall we
SUICIDE.—On Thursday afternoon, Mr. Lunn, an Times Newspaper without throwing it down, and
not find tnem in the new interests of the King of the eminent in Soho Square,period his crying out for more ships to be built and bookseller put a to
manned.—
Netherlands, of the King of Prussia, and of the existence by • IHe of great The war ended in a way to provoke and at the same
a pistol shot. was a man
Regent of England ? The two first Powers having respectability, easy circumstances, and cheerful die. I time to encourage them. The past, the future, re-
divided between them the provinces taken from France
* position. On Wednesday, in company with some , sentment, glory ; every thing will concur in favour.
consider the overthrow of Napoleon as a safe gun.
friends, the conversation turned on the kind of death ling wishes for a new contest ; and, though they
rantee for the possession of Belgium and of the left which caused the least pain—this, he contended, was build ships very quickly in peace, they would do it
bank or the Rhine. England itself has seized upon Iby a ball. After the business of the day, he took a more quickly in war.
all the sea-ports of the North-west of Germany, and I walk in the Park, returned home later than usual, and i Some will say, that, seeing this danger, we ought,
looks upon Belgium as a barrier, which covers the apparently much agitated. In the morning he break. i without delay, to fall upon Napoleon, and to de..
leow kingdom of the Netherlands against France; !fisted with his family, and afterwards said he was i stroy him, conquer France, and burn er capture all
`and the new kingdom of the Netherlands is esta. !going to his room to write a letter. In a short time her fleet before the Americans have lime to build a
blished as a barrier for the new English kingdom off
I after, the report era Pistol was heard ; his daughters large Aeet. Yes, if you could be sore of doing all
Hanover; for this object England has hunted all Eu- flew to the appartment, and found him bleeding on the this in the course of this summer. But, if you
rope for alliances—she wants to become an integral' floor. Surgical aid was immediately called in, but he should fail. Failure is possible. It is snificient foe
part of the Continent, and runs the risk of the total roil,
the I
almost instantly. It appears that he had placed us to know, that it is possible.. We may, Weed,
of her finances to maintain an immense army on teet the pistol beneath his right ear, and the ball had do all that is wished ; hut, we may be obliged to
Scheldt and on the Sambre: this system of continental' passed through his neck and came out on the opposite come to a peace without doing any part of it ; trey,interference will be a source of incalculable evils.— side. Mr. Lunn had lately prepared a splendid edi- we may, as in the war of 1793, draw the French
When the English nation shall become a Continental Lion of the Classics, which was printed at Oxford ; armies out of France to overrun our Mlles. Louis
Power, with an immense permanent system, there this had long occupied his mind, and the repeated le Desiree ascribes the former sucesses of Napoleon
will be an, end of her Constitution and of her Aber. disappoinments respecting the work which he had to Providence, who permitted him, for a while, to
ties—from that moment she will cease to be formida- I recently experienced, are supposed to have caused a make conquests. Bur, as Providence has permitted
ble. Her really great Statesmen feel this, and hams temporary insanity. The Coroner's Jury, which sat on him to come hack to France, and even to put out the
stated it in Parliament-le but, nevertheless, the Eng. his remains, on Friday night, brought in their verdict Bourbons, why may not Providence permit him, in
lisp Government, by a blind fatality, is adopting
_Lunacy.
case France is attacked, first to defend her, and theta
. •
evtee measure for the national humiliation. Moo. Bow-STREET.—in consequence of the surgeon to sally forth in pursuit-of her assailants ?
teequien says, " she will fall, as soon as her fiber- having declared that Leeson, the Waterman, who If this should be the case, I think we may rely
ties are no more. Rome, Lacedemon, and Car- had the ferril of an umbrella thrust into his eye, was upon seeing the American Admirals in our Sells ; and,
thage have already done so ; she will perish when the out of danger, Mr. Forster, of the Ezcise-office, who therefore, this should come in as an item in our esti.
Legislative Power shall be more corrupt than the had done it, having compromis d with him for the mates of the consequences of war, if now rude
Executive." This prophecy appears to be every day injury,
was discharged. ' against France. With a stout American Aeet at sea,
approaching its accomplishment. AGRICULTURE..—From the contistuanee ofrain,end our West India Colonies, and the Azores, belonging
If wi• look still more at the causes which operate alternate warm weather, the growth of grass, this to our Ally, Portugal, would be in any thing but a
with the Powers who wish to set all Europe in a spring is the greatest ever known; and the price of satisfactory state. In Short, it would requite fifty
blaze, we shall find that Russia is stimulated by am- hßy may be expected, therefore, to be lower than was ships of the lisle and fifty frigates to defend them all.
bition, the King of the Netherlands is compelled into ever known for the lest ten years. The Slave Trade would soon be at an end, and the
it ; Russia wishes to establish herself still more in The Acorn, Kerslake, from Liverpool, is arrived whole face of the naval one commercial world would
Eur pe ; hut Austria can gain no advantage from at Rio Janeiro, after being taken and, plundered by be changed. The fleets of France would revive....
the Grand Turk privateer, and it is 'apposed ra. Example, emulation, hose powerful effects. In, g
. - - ..
. . / tiie to '

• Corrulpti of C,,not Carom to the Prefect'.
Vide Lord Grebe.'lle's and Mr. Whitbread's opseehes.

taken.

to dint Retl, iuti in time, of tbese

.~

:~ ::
`5...

-:

.~yy?

,~~ ter.

~h:~~,

.~. 3~seSh".,sa~
