tiTA- TESMAN.

LQ.NDON :
•
MIA% nest A kir 1, 1118.
The mode* 1 ippelit the feast Committees by
&allot. serve motto seri carried is the eilinsative
in
both 'Now) of Parlieroent last **ht. The mode of
closing Contiriltiees by .Ballot, instead of open no.
erioation, has been long understood by the Peblit,
end steeds so espianstion. Tito Ministers, by this
Steetri, as we 'hire .befors said, appoint
,theitown;
Committee to investigate their right .to theindeln-
''silty which they claim for iinf 'flag/Mot abesesvoweat-
led in the eseattibn aides eliti.cottetkelloaal pima*
grenti4 to them bt the4Seipensiont Aet-weltat is la
say, they win ere tir belga, wattmeters, joirti
• end determine•fhat :fay knit bgeoned:laidat potrutt
with erodefratiercum4that sbey fought to be I.dewei.Jl
'Mid. This procedur sic ts.lay the 40 tar i4,4etaitethe
cafe where it,foen4 it. tielme'whist ••ght that tlor
. Bill of indemnity ought err NI palsied will chefii
- hie opinion en theßeploot ufakoimraittse Sirioastkiiiio;
sod few thereat. wit sbicoaderit
- et Ministers and their. ars4,!witlii.loscrisPtl4l.‘
Sospeusion of .the fhtbefri feed' their
:,webiequent proceedings, thte.Winsiff.disobt 'lir at Ms:
tient, that overshot one 'WO cis, referred its
• cision of a British Jety,. a 4rdict 'SUM ISP:Atilab
'pipit the authors oft these unetiostitainal snit
cruel acts. Yet these men are likely to 'receive. feat
Afie Repreastatives of the Britisii*Peoplit the eine/it*
_of an Indemuityl Seek are the dillireiet tdeete of
pore sad corrupt lestitetions; The niiiiiers hi tire
. Lords, for the appolntasest •hi w Gommitteo
according to the wishes of the Ministry, priswd.with.
oat the formality of voting ; "end theegh the lame
importsat spathe came on by prattle* ledge '
the Commons, the Hesse wee so fide, Meths the
division that took plate, tbebst in the Semi's, aid
• perhaps a ssenteveliis use frost lita melt that may
attend it, the Somber, were, 101 ter Lord CASTLI.
NEAGH'S plan of ballot, end only 29 against .it n—
it revokes ne estraordinary sagacity to divinethe
Report et these Committees, when It is known that
the Gil Cnamcst.Loa, Lord Livssectot., Lon,
' Ss Lord Lord HAILILOWSY, • are bigieberi of
Os' le the Upper ifeifti, ; Where the inn
s,lariaitlit pasties it 11.01.1 IS, titat-theli Liirdsbipe'
postagttees are ufeer elapetiOvettlretri Sidi origami
impeisteent, to sad for portions,' psych, and re.'
•cords ; and Lord Casviataimiti;•by avoldieg the
suede of submitting individual aeries toga scrutiny
of the Boos of Comatose,: can lad 'le tbe :report
from the glasses, none bat such friendlies tan stood
michallengsd by his side, and who, in Probability,
have as little disposition tested for'tho proper per-
sons end papers to report open,* his Lordship. We
venture to predict that we shall "hear nothing of the
evideuce, the proceedings, asithst bills Of charges of
the notorious Spies Otivyr; CO.
in the Reports of either of lives?. Ciesigeittees ;*- and
still leas of 14e suffeliings aud sAdsiha of the yeti-
tipltitS for itefonn, olio 'Wert sefad in List Sao.
•,.
cite of a cotsiiitiainal right, aid honied
to solitary Sengeosts;.. Hi' Order thit the *eau
logs, of which :04: (grimed' a pert, might be pet'
dawn. .ft Hilt be said •Orititiii,"(bet aline Vim:
seittees will .Imm./ 'itietrirestkiefr Sfilidoers,
whose preseiee con4r.rStriimises.lisisites the'
Reports from aoy,:tlbeigib/
remembered, that i ease. pripTiail Vrithlseeibtitit
care and ingeoalty, mod supPett4l Aoki! bresitaltlo
and writtei evideite.• will be laid .b!tO4
a.
that it is
_mili*Aeialfai: a.Costasfits.
•
'minced, thoogh not „very creditishisj to its Istigriry
to conceive it ..tally impasiblis is refush their as.:
Net is what it thus sebeiKted le ahem. ktietstefl!
will thus &stela their real object---o Bill of ladile.„
pity ; add with the ghettoes or peeled safety;tiiii.
*Hi fereigreey, Meth eepaira.bAdieeArty_ iornsii4
ales of Parliaiiitialllisselisfecliti4
That such biewhile it the belie teebeitiembile
might have/bees ibireadi on a trim Retool' tits
eontstsnoes et the oberitry, applareld the meat
from the amtestrelbet'pvilpeeedoveregroesly dsltNsbtt
by the es-parte stiiliaeisti of Masten, is *IMF
premed by the opts declaretion of Members of liteCose.
SketIOSS theSHISPINS. Sir JOHN SISIRIOUT declared'
bet night in the Hesse of Commons, that his volthiel
the Sweeties of the Habeas Capes Act bed bit
obtained from Mak Ii the delesive Report of the Oar-
mar Committee. After such avowals as these, what
.credit can be attailred to the garbled and seised-
Igneous trash, got up fat,the purpose) with which
the Green Bogs are doled?
In all these proceedings of the Government and
Abe Representatives o( the People, who are lb,. to-
have the slavery of ignorsace added to all their other
most degrading esithcalments, the British cation will
discover fresh remise for coodemning the cooraptioa
that thus taints aid impedes the springs of justice,—
fresh incitements to shake of the apathy towards
their rightsi-the *sly feuotoin of jag pow, which
acts of arbitrary end oaparalleled encroechaeot on
',every principle of justice, .wes, for- • time,. Ahmed
AS warp their .febelties, sod bereere them if-
