_;. -

I

THE. S

genuine benevolence, will.but aid the objects of the
Bill, these expectations will not be disappointed.—
The Bank Restriction Bill also went through its last
stage, in the Lords, when Lord LAUDIRDALZ and
Lord ilot.Lana each proposed amendments, which
were negatived wittiest divisions. Lord SIIIIIOOTH
moved the second reading of the Alien Bill ; and, on
his Lordship's suggestion, the debate on the Bill
was postponed till the Committee, which is fixed for
Monday nest. Lord Gaosvasna gave notice of his
letentioe to move, on Wednesday seat, for leave to
bring io a Bill, declaring It to be illegal to grant
Places in Reversion under any circumstances what.
ever; and the Marc/Leis of LANIIIDOWNI took occa-
sion, on the second reading of the Conviction of
Offenders' Reward Bill, to give notice,. that he
would, on Wednesday neat, move an Address to
his Royal Highness the Patims Kunst on the pre-
sent state of crime in this country.
In the Rouse of Commons Mr. J. Stuns obtained
leave to bring in a very important Bill for altering
and amending the Bankrupt Laos. The principal
objects of the Bill are, to enable persons fioding
themselves insolvent to declare themselves to be so to
the Secretary of Bankrupts, which should have the
validity of an act of bankruptcy ; and that persons
remaining abroad to avoid their creditors, or who
shall be confined on civil process for 14 days, should
be considered bankrupts also. There is also a very
important provision intended, namely, to make an
allowance, not 'weeding five, nor 'under two per
cent. at the discretion of the Commissioners, to honest
and fair-dealing bankrupts, who shall do all in their
power to recover their property, and effects for the
benefit of their creditors.

More Paris Papers (to the 24th) have come to
hand. They allude to the Meets of the Princess of
WALES. het do not relieve as from the anzious ap.
preheusions which the former accognts relative to
her Royal Highness bad elicited. They state that she
had for some time felt the approaches of fever, and
has recently been so much indi4posed. that couriers
were 'pot in all haste to England, and two physicians
of the highest character at Milan were called upon to

attend her.
On Saturday Count GOLTZ, the Prussian Arnim.
sador, had • priva►e audience of the King of FRAncE.
The Duke of BOURBON still confine.s to attend daily
the funeral Masses said near the dead body of his fa.
ther.
TALLEYRAND. who is now at Valency, is pre.
paring himself for an expedition to Napes, where
be will thank his SICILIAN MAJCITT for the Duchy
of Dino, which he bestowed upon the Prince.—
Young NAPOLEON has received from the Emperor
FRANCIS the dukedom of Heichytadt, in Bohemia,
with the title of Highness, which he is hereafter to
bear. From Stotprd we learn that Mr. BROOK TAT.
Loa has been employed in farthering the necessary
arrangements fur the marriage of his Royal Highness
the Duke of KENT ►with the Dowager Princess of
LEININGEN. The Princess, with consent of the
Courts of Munich and Carlsrnhe, is to continue to.
toress to her son, who is a minor. Report sari, that
the Doke of KENT will reside in the town of Auwr•
back, after spending a part of next winter at Man.

beim.
It is said to be finally determined that the Con.
greys of Sovereigns is to meet in September, at Ail-
la. Chapelle.
An article from Rome, dated May 7, denies that
the robber Cksattts has submitted; but says, that he
I still carries on his trade in the environs of Terracina,
from which the robbers lately carried off one M.
GfIEOORIO, for whose ransom his friends were oblig.
ed to pay 4000 scudi and several gold watches. The
Courier from Ancona was also robbed. A law is
about to be published at Lewes, condemning robbers
of churches to the horrid ponivhment of being burnt
to death; but, luckily for himself, the criminal who
has been the cause of that law, has escaped.

The Courier, the advocate and defender of slavery
in all countries, has published& long account of the
transactions in the island of Nevis, upon which Sir
SAMUEL HOMILLY'S motion was founded, for the pur-
pose of clearing the conduct of Mr. HUGGINS, the At.
torney upon Mr. COTTLE'S estate, from the charges of
cruelty which so justly attach to it. The article
to which we allude is evidently written by some one
interested in the continuance of the horrid system
which dooms so many human creatures to misery ;
and as this is a subject of very deep interest I. hu-
manity, as well as to our Colonies, it is necessary
that these transactions should be fairly detailed. It
is known that this Attorney, Huacims, was indicted
before the Magistrates of Nevis for exces.iee cruelty
to the slaves unfortunately placed under his inspec-
tion end controls!, and that he was acquitted. It
was owing to the humanity of the Governor, PROSYN,
that the matter was brought to a public investigation.
The report of the particulars were taken by his or.
der, by a Counsel of the Crown, sod forwarded to
Earl BATUUSIT. The laboured article in the Courier,
purports to be drawn op from the Papers laid before
Parliament. These Papers have been printed, and
are now also before a portion of the Public. We
give in snorter page a summary of the pm. killers of
the investigation into the ill.treatment of the Negro
Slaves upon the estate in question, taken, with
apparently mime care sod accuracy, from the very
same Papers. The information, the Compiler in the
Courier, tells us, was brought forward by " the
leaders of the African Institution," who, for this
effort In favour of helpless, bleedleg Wes, are se
