ON TUB REGIINT P ROC I, 4M4TION
OF TIIE A;t■ JULY, 1819.
•

The Proclamation of the 30th Joie, which comes
ern us at the close of the first Session of a new
'Parliament, dewy,' a little discussion ; and adopt.
ill the stage of the two Muses in treating "let,
'perch from the 'Throw as tie speech of the Mini..
ter', we coosider this Proclamation with less cete•
many then we haw• invariably used when speaking
of our First Magistrate. In oese of Cuuncithaniia
Plays, a Gentleman is made to toy, " And did he
tell you also I was gone oat ?—Yes, he did. There
be did wrong : you moat know, Sir, I !detail? wy
Servants in thistly little inoucent usetrothi; but to tell
one sod the same lie to two different people, betrays
great poverty of invention." This Proclamation is
nine and the same falsehood, told efter the lapse of
eleaily thirty years. Si. was the farce of the stone
thrown at the Itachnel state.carriage, the esamina-
lions in Pialiament, the Stispensios of the Persooal
Liberty Art, end the passing of new and more sou.
vinery laws, an elect and verb.itim ropet;tion of the
farce acted in the years 1795 and 1796, and for his
sustaining a character in such farce, a man (Mr. Bed•
ing6elrl) the other day sought his reward from Par.
liameot. The scenes, the speeches, the dresses and
decorations were all the same; the hand tibias threw
Ow stone was sever discoveted ; bet the eaperienco
of the past mad, the People a little mere acute, and
they, duiing the last time of the performance di,-
' entered Cesik: and Oliver behind the scenes, and
bell them lip to general elocution. What delusion
• la it : do the Ministers seppose they can make chit.
dun rise from their cradle with the same sentiments
' of treason and sedition with which their fathers hare
gook into their graves? The glowing warmth of
summer, and the genets! beauty of nature, at this
most delightful learnt of Providence's grandest
!snooty, are not apt to sour the minds of even tiara.
log men ; bet sorely it is aggravating to be told by
tea-eaters, that it is not for you the bees inrodace
their honey—it is not for yne the earth brings forth
her ?arms*. The same Proclamations, the semi
Meeting s and Associations of Persons, Tal.eaters,
and Boriugh.owners, were in use at the commence.
mot of the French Revolution; the beg•boar of
Joeabiniim has been followed op by the she-bear of
Reforms. and the People, who have been shorn to
Ilse quick, are not to spew their months upon their
she . If this be Christian forbearance, thee let
the isso•ed- Ministers of oar holy religion first set'
• the Christian "sample.
Rut ihe wee bailie' been at an end four yeari, the
harvest is g, and the grievances oI the People
lave not been redressed. Where are the promises
Made to the People of this cooptry during tha con.
test against the liberties of the People of France, and
which contest was motto to chase ita face arid fume
go often by throe interested in ftc continuance, that
when ended its fist festive, cook] not be recognised ?
Yet the good of the People was always the avowed
object, while the slavery of the People ass its aim.
This Predomination may enjoin the Magi s es Of
Boroughs sea Oorporetions to mak. enquiry and
brig to justice the authors sod printers *of " wicked
sad seditious sat*, ;" bet while Enkapd is Risga
Mod, we teATit will never he " seditious" to say
that laws made by loch " wicked" means as have
been &wigged from the limelight of Helston, of
liernstoplo, of Graintosoil, of Camelford, of ire.
. pay, of Wottolt Basset, of Pomp', are oblige.
tory on the moral, tatirreonacietsco of the People, or
could be enforced by gfrno opining and public fed- I
log, unless they •erelpiced by the bayonet of the
army.
This Proclamation miiy say that we wish to bring
into coolempt the Govertment and Conetitatioo, but ,
iris not tree,—it yhecait of 1793 and the succeeding
1
years ;—but if it be not tine object of the insiditros
afloat, of the ADDINGTON. egalrist CANNING, and
their swell recrimination is the public press of the
day, to bring contempt opine men who arrogate
to themselles the proud titre of the Governors of the ,
People, we dO not know what would constitute con-
tempt. Or if it be not contemptible in a matt to
Slander bit co.arljutor, thee to end oo to take
away his life, afterwards to take his hand and to ac-
cept, throosh him, places and pensions at the ea.
ponce of an abused and indastrions People,—if this
beast to bring Governors into contempt, we most
aypalssr old morality and begin anew.

A Mall mired yertyrd from Ifastiorgh, with
Papers to the 310 vli. According to an article from
Corestantitiople, thy GRAND SaIGNIUR had, at length,
formally recognised the quosdass Prieto of 0144114/
M Wag of the Netherlands, in conseqeence of which
pr as the Ditch Ambassador had paid a vieit to
the Grand Vitier .8 deliver to him the let te from

is Sovereign: It has bug rriaired apwards of four
ratite convince his Memos, of As kgitiniacy of a
, 11 •we rehiell Government is Holland.

It appears that the Roman Catholics in Syria have
beta relieved from the poratmetion which they sutler.
ad in that country, sod that it is to the persevering
Interference of the Ambassadors of France, Aestria,
and Spain, these Christians are indebted for this free
*smite of their rights. A like benefit, it is aspect-
rd, will be 'waded to t►e Roman Catholics in Pa-
lestine, through the save moons.
The h tin the North of &trope promises to be
et shandant as that io Englund.
On the rid ult. the Ambassador from the Porte to
the Courts of London sod St. Petersbergh arrived at
Heidelberg from Trieste, yids a very numerous end
eplestlid retinue.

An Attu!, from Jena, of lite 20th ult. contradicts
the statement that the papers of Professor OREN bad
been pet ender seal.
On the 30th alt. the &change at ilambergh on
London •as 35-3.
A letter fine Berlie, dated July 28, states, that as
soon as Prince IlAnocustem, who was then residing
at his country seat, was informed of It. JAHN'S ar.
rest, the sent to the wife of that l'rofessor, @shorting
ler to await with patience and resignation the isms
of the matter wherein her husband was Involved, and
snaring her that in all events he would take care of
her and her children. 'the Prussian Minister resi-
dent at the Court of Coy Wake, M. VARIaIIaOC7B VOW
Ens:, is said t• have been seddeni) thsini.ind ; a
rafaStre 'opposed to be connected with rhos. secret
enchinations which at present cause so grist ao alum
iSteelitalit tie hussies mooatchy.
