LONDON:
TRURSDAT EVENING, OCTOBER 18,1821.

• Esperience, the supreme guide of wise men, is look-
ed upon by the Governments of Europe as an unne-
cessary ingredient in their public proceedings, and

the same cause that disgraced the dark ages of our

history, is now made the golden rule of their sapient
lucabrations. They have not profited by the exer-
tions of Freemen, in the war waged against liberty in
North-America, and its consequent defeat, nor in the
Rev°lades of France,• where despotism was over-
throws stosi teieetated at the espouse of eiyhteaubees.
wrested from the grasp of British Industry; nor in

the overthrow of the Inquisition in Spain and Por-
tugal, by an army supported to perpetuate tyranny ;

nor by the glorious light which is about to illuminate
the Southern Hemisphere of Columbia. These are
examples thrown away upon Monarchs and their
wicked advisers, %%hose powers Lang upon a thread,
which daily stands a chance of breaking under the
weight of mistaken policy. The system of education
lately cultivated in despotic states, will enable the
rising generations to rg ad and understand, and when
the unshackled mind begins to expand, divine right
and passive obedience have no charms to create any
attachment to slavery or coercion. Adieu to the
maxims of bigotry or coercive laws, when the light
of reason opens upon the human Intellect. The cause
of liberty in Europe is about to rise triumphant over
wanton power and the prejudice of early tuition. The
Turks and Russians are well matched in point of
freedom; the more they mix with their cultivated
neighbours, the shorter will become their prospects
of thraldom, and the attempt to rule in France,
according to the doctrine of half • a century back,
will so far counteract the influence of Royal power,
as to make the people as heartily tired of it as they
have been heretofore. These disturbers of their neigh-
bours' peace have sent their emissaries into Spain
to form mock-plots, and to try to divide the Spanish
people, who with the army, have declared for liberty.
Their Holy embroiderer still acts under the direction
of the Clergy, only when be finds the people will not
be awned with nonsense :—fear only guides Ms acts,
and he is neither more or less due an Ankaistian in

the bands of the strongest party. He should call in
more salutary Counsellors than those, vascillating
son-entities who have the care of his conscience.—
He 'build learn from his fader-in-kw, that respect
and attachment due from a Monarch to those who
expand their blood and treasure in defence of
that Constitution he has solemnly sworn to protect,
which has placed• him, as its first Magistrate, without
talent, understanding, or any claim whatsoever, save
shit of hereditary right, a right or agency held at
the will of the people. Shoold be attempt, by any des.
pule act, to disputes with its special previsions, be
must be aware of the consequence. He should learn
from the state of his transatlantic, ex-kingdom, that
Spanish rule is partly exploded, and that the pinions
metals are u. likely to meet a market la
say pan of the world as in Spain. We long since re•
probated. the idea of any attempt to subjugate Spanish
*merles. at bring it back to the delusive system of its
old masters, which is as likely a circumstance as the
United States becoming subservient to British rule.
We resnommead an arrangement which might prove
lastaally advaatagooas, from a local reciprocity of hp
totems. Ist the idea of colonising it it as overt set of
tossaity itself, soli only who'd to the sopsoisits
slob of doe iloloved andwpolities)
is anitioiciteatoittutoe the irtaish
