.it is from the brave inhabitants of the f r..sts, the
tribe founders of liberty and independence in Has:.,
that we have received the great and salutary leasoa
whit* we shall always preserve : that it is nercentsit
to Asia the :realest knosilinkst is allure ....if to ~..
10.10 itielitgi by
11/ craps am! perfidious tsars,, ell, &Ae
tees add stirred ietrea is tu It rtrosorsd fro.. aid, es
pit, its passn:aq and new- to cuss:4, a. ur isios, no. so,:
far naiad It. an, naeA pea bat aids a us in y...r. '. sane.
'l he war wet varied on trith.m.tivity : the indigent&
of the French party fought with ells 1 fury awaitesl
their brothers and 1.'119w-citizens, who hail retreated
intu the moan:sins, which they held for the licserricr
'1 ouiseaint ; baying under lis orders Dessalines, theta-
tophe, and Verse., the oily persons uhu had always
r. issainett fai.liftslly attached tu the cause of Hayti.'
assit ud lib,' Pi/ re 4 ii.islowie :tr.
IL. indi :, mils who fuu,,h; in the I'r; n, Is ranks
were alw.,ys placed as the ltlvau.eti eu.srds Of the i
l'reneli 'tours. to L•rve as tis,ir guithr. to surprise
as doracuttes. and to make brit ..s. wits. Posts thel
must dan,•cruus, tires the must deadly, acre reserved
t..r them, native tit.• pretext th:.t they had a perfect
knowledge of the country.
However, the Guyer-our Tcu:ssant, at the reiterattni
solicitations of General Le tiers-, agreed to treat for 11
peace'. lie chose Henry Chris:4,ow as La hi ,-iseias..
f•drf, and General Le Ciere selected on his part Gene. 1
ral Hardy. Toms* had already receireti from
Henry anaemia. and intportant sets k's ; be k..ett.
hi. Probity, his loyalty. and hi, itic..rrup;:ble cha- 1
r.s. ter. s. 'fibula doubt Le Clete hitew a 1.., Hardy.
and had reasans to justify his choice. These Inv :
Generals, cunferred together; di; 1:071T41.0111,!..I11.1.
*Lich took place or. this oicesion has hten made
ptialic by means of the press. It rely. is usual tu
the honour of General thristopi,e, that it conceals
tae pride sad infamy of General Le Clete, ..sl.o, in the
aquel, dared to propose t I hint to arts ct the G.serriu: 1
Toussaint. In. consequence ut this negotiation, and
after three months War. Governor 'fonesa.:nt etriclutied
a ?ewe with General has CI re. anti sithmitted, with his
bentrrate to his order'. Then the disarming. of the
he rhanelinen commenced, and they all retired to their
',elective homes. and re-commencer, the labour of their
Colds. ..iktr,v .the. ambitious and bloody .shoaled ex•
caToniets no Infer concealed their cry fur al.,s..ry --no
-.11 the tret;k} mita k stares, or ire rid Aoa'.• thews
es ..d 6ain thrs4--1 pia en f'aie ICI .i.ools•At af.• added
!ley. Thre-honr ut discretion had pressed away; they
engaged Ueneral.Le (Acre tu take the must tioleet inta-
ct:as littlnitifie-teit•ertnnate Haysians. -Thwthivern .r
Tsontaalat was attested. bound, and fettered, like a
criminal; grubs/ Ceti fur Prance with his ',slicers and
Li.: family': iliklf.ill WIN done in art instant, anti at the
moment be seas lit table with General Brunet. Do
.V" dart ,
of ~ dirsit nit r do toss &vs tY disgraer an
«Peersr? cried the unfortunat: Toussaint to
iffo,
General rewet.and his aids-de-camp, who acted the
tart of IremParntrs and jailors. Is it that that Nur
vaserrt the jill di of t i Cali' s t rest arc traits.!, and
ps jilted : liectrea is jest— I ri 1 or art a *rd.
'these wee:- the last words which this great man pro-
s r raced on the soil of his country—on that gronnti
which he hal conquered fur France, and which still
resounds with his name, his services, and exploit..
Hs has been avenged, without &edit ; but alas! he
1 'Ad nut to see the day of vengeance arrive. From
tnis moment the signal of proscriptioe was given frith
ore end of the isle to soother. 'the detail of the
terrors end cruelties of all kinds which followed make
I Juan nature shudder, and would lead us away from
ma. subject: suffice to say, that women and childirn,
ts:d men who had been wounded in our wars, frit ails or
erzrtnict, all were ineludett in tire fatal sentence, and met
tiesah in one hideout roma or another. To h.. arrested,
to be drowned, tu he hanged, sigtified the saute thing.
'I hese barbasiats, had created a new vocabulary. To
drown two hundred individuals wan • 111160/101.fi14.
i...g i t to h. hanged, was to n.uunt guard ; to be de-
volved by dugs, .was to descend tutu the arena ;
ta he ICA, was to was!' the body with lead; :
attd, in title, to be burned, was to be warmed rather
hastily ; i--the ancient re.jime was re-organised.
fivary bleat and nuilittu, who had been a slave he-
lix.. the Revolution, Was again subjected to the laws
et* his thtster, who let him out on hire, sold him, or
treated hits as he pleased. Our teisfurtunes had
now reached their height; partial insurr,ctions be-
gain to show themselves in all pasts. Le tier:
Row, fur th 4 tra -time; had aa interview with,Pes-
aal;nes. ; He bean tu mould Lim to the system of
toiuniai crustily, and, by consequence, had apprsed
Lim in Lir coafercaces, that to I unquer St. Domingo.

• It was necessary to divide the two classes of men still
. Visited to maintain their liberty. He sought eagerly
.e aim ;stubs Let hand to the project commenced
by Heduurille. 1* Clere 11..ttered Dessalines ; Its
4• 4114! 41in* with pridses, which he pretended the other
.amerited by his conduct, and assu:•ed Lim that he
. would procure for • him the special friendship of the
liovernment, and that the First Consul, after the all-
vantivolli reports which should be talkie in Vesse-
-1 nes' favour, wetild no; fail to confer on him a re.
sonspence worthy al so ,such merit. He used all that
• coninionplaee .by which the whites, and eve-
.. cislly the French, Wieved they could dupe the blacks
11..4 mulattoes, Dessalines seeing with %bat sort of a
u.an belied to du, hook his measures accordingly. After
-ling thanked the Captain-tleneral, hr etoreAted
I w to briiece Apt Ilia most lively desire was to retire
• h.to France with all his family ; that as to ev:ry thine
e,se he trusted to the loud intentions of the tioverts.

• Ileie-sieuf. woo dice dessoseher en tertele et ne pee y
&Clore en tree,. •
• retail us Hoop de filet estimel.
• Fusilier ogees laver la figure sere Si plumb.
let beater evils, ettuit uperer chordal:mi.
Boiarend Teenorre's Mew. p. 66, ow.

. . . • .
ktfAYS ox is 6.41131 CS us ?Ns RRVOLUTION :nem to whirls be had always devoted hilsoelf."..•
Jay 2vs CIVIL OVALS or HAFT! : " 144 are too necessary large," 'clotted (lettersl lit
ruoulau a sexteX or Dell met. uelmecitowe or( cu.. Cler .; 4 you cannot ito tel AP, Ante but with myselfg
a •IN PII2Nee Jet:meets awe rAmraLi.es, copiccamsa sou that will not be fur wore than sit snunths yet
Me Ttl, St .11.01011XUR LE trir.en DX reetar. AllOrf me to hare the satisfaction uf presenting )uo to
-- the First Consul.; you know that lie is air brother-itt-
Tilelila" 116e1"1" "1"." I , 1"a Tim 'APRs law."---" 'I that time is even too lone, but I cennot
•aceusiveLr.
hove any objection," replied Dessalines ; " I will go
fly ALIttANDrIIt JANILSOS, ESQ.
with von." Whether I.e Cleer hail really made Des.
"At Y PlitJT.—P.l27' 111. salines his ilape. whether he farmed that be bail not
•N TUB PaiZtelPAL taclas a,hici",„, ~,,,, ~,, pito.: eudiciently astertain..d the value Of the pledge he held,
ran et Willi TO Ailielil 141678 LIRCITT AND IX- he heirAn to insinuate to Dessaiines that as yet he had.,
I, nit been able to discover who were the true enemies'
, : of the French Dovernment ; but that he hoped that
by his means to ascertain who were the people he,
Ishuelll lurk upo•t as opposed to the re-estahlisliment
lof fool order and harmony. " Should it not be to
1 the ex-colonists," said he Cleo., " they are so ads-
chi.'vous and have so little iaduence, that we cannot
p-e,time hot !hey find their account in these troubles;
: 01.7 hay:: :01 their families and their wealth iu F:anee.l
It cannot be that wo owe uur misfort.tnes to the lista
lof c..lottr .:" Dessalinee foresaw tits consequence of
1 his replf. and he acconlingiy made such as could not
fall to 'roil the question of the Captain-General.
• •• Since we ere of the same opinion," said this last, " I,
Ithink that the only part to take world he to saterouli
1 sate all ; hat I atii embarrassed as to the Leans; the
French troops are reduced by disease, soothat there
is ecure.:ly sufficient to guard the cities. Lestotild
therefor:.ielvise, that pm should levy an army of 5,000
1 turn of the island for this with rutting, which will not
I require more time than we have been talking of it.
IThera.," added h., " take with vim this order for
arms and provision." In effect, lie wrote the order
I with his own haul, and gave to Destalincs 500 double
1 Louis for thr charkes tit this espedithat, adding, that
Ise might draw teem him fur it hate:Ter inure might be
I necessary. Before quitting the Cape, it was the in-
-1 terest of Desselines to see all the French Defiers's,
and to sound the it dispositions. Ile saw Dugua.. a
Major in the army, why, or:hunt doubt, diseoniented
even then with the Captain-Neutral, informed him that
the 1:015 Brigade ( .lii.ks) Isere to be ineorporated as
I sappers in the ward of I .ur, and that he saw with
pain that the miserable non who comp. asti this corp.
I would he saeritieed. It would be utile eessary to detail'
the solicitude of Itemalines. Perfectly enlightened on
the petjects of Dented Le Clerk., fierier:ll Dessolince
hastened to communicate his suspicions to the other'
1 lieneralt, his eiusipanions in arms ; and they resolved
unmnimoitaly to take :,ems against, France. Dessalines,
its the oldest, and the highest in rank among the tie-I
nerals. was acknewholgett Gencrel in-Chief of the Army
of Ittiligenale. It is a rewat!. Ade circumstance that I
the bled, Cameral.. hare, te.e and all, resisted the se-
ductive aline meets el the whiter, and spurned their
perfidious strateeems. 'I he Commissioner Soutlional
proposed to te neral Toussait.t to destruy all the men
of colour hy the blacks : indignant at this Wiens pro-
positi..ii, lie ratted Ilia' to be :ore-till awl embarked.
liedouville tunde the sem.• pieposii.orn with regard to
Meant!, who reject,tl it with indignation, and com-
pelled Ifedtruville also to mediae. ter France. We have
also hoard that Le Clete proposed the same thing to
Dessaliuea, who resisted slot only this isfosay. but
eortontani ateel the tidings to the mite of colour., 'King
Dertry • vinced a cumin. t as gee came, when he uas
tiet.t.:4l of liri ;ode, run:ontod with the troop! at Petite
Anse, for lie gave instant informatie n to Petion,then a Co-
lonel strider his orders. and to lien. Clerreaux, who was
ea:aimed at Cape I hairy, of the fatal project with
wli kit they a ere threatened. 1 Ley resulted forth-
with to tulle arms to avert the perfidy and the yen-
gean.-e of thee Freud,. Eut though the black Ilene-
ra:s have toanfully resisted the schemes of the whites,
the Generals of colour ilaYe been weak enutigh to be-
come the instruments of their wickedness against the
blacks. It was :4 this epoch that death delivered us
of Deneral I.e (*lett., of wh-se private character we
shall say nathitig further. than that lie was an angel
of gm:tint:as cumpared to the monster Ituchambeau,
who suet:ceded hire. .The ameral-in-Chief of the
country's army stem rallied all around his standard;
those who had been voluntary, or invuinntary instru-
ments, were obliged either :o Cee it ith the French, or
throw themselves into the arms .If their brothers,
whom they had blindly tuna lit apieet, happy still to
had rescue horn uppresaiun in the eomeany of freemen. 1
Petite' was one of the violet:tory instruments who
gave himself up to Ueneral Drosalines, to avoid the
death with which he was threatened. This Demers'
received him kindly, admitted him into his friendship,
and treated him a ith a paternsl solicitude, which he
shewesi very remarkably towards these whom lie es-
teemed. lie was far from imagining, at that time,
that he was caressing a monster aim would tone day
become his • . in, and destroy his successor by a
similar death. In tine, attar having for 'svelte years
been the spurt of fortune coil the airtime of the suc-
cessive factions which ruled St. Domingo, we result-
ed to combat fur our rights, in tit it war—for liberty,
independence, our country, our familits--Death or
the eternal tyranny of uur executieness alone were
ore choice. ThuSsynch were on one side, the people
of Hayti on the other; hatred' and—erugettqw is.
famed our courage ; the love of our country and of
liberty guided our steps. The French army was nu-
merous, so were we. To battle we marched : ae
fought man to man, teary one jealous to immolate his
enemy, and every one burned to shed his blood for
his country, its liberty and independence; happy still
to have it to shed in so glorious a cause ; and, after a
terrible slaughter, the oppressed stet their victims
remained the only masters of the field of battle. T
tea of error arid of falsehood was now drawn aside ihA 1
the radient beams of independence dissolved alb
factions as the gale scatters the gathering clouds; oar
atmosphere, purified by victory, we began to breath
the pure air et. liberty and of iudepentlente. Victorious!
surrounded by the wreck of the vanquished, we could
now look afar off. The 40,000 cx.colossists, great
planters, minor whites, and their tine and numerous
expeditionary army had all disappeared from our view;
the frightful colonial system, slavery, the prejudices
of colour, at of prohibitory commerce were destroyed,
rout and branch; the phantom of France, this chimera
wields had so long keel her astray, had vanished front
uur eyes. In our eathutiams we reared, amidst-the
stuulifig ashes Of oar to. s, an inunerral miens of is-
dependence.
It is then to the creel passions of thy s:-colonists,
