CONSPIRACY AT MANILLA.

The Ship Milton, Smith, arrived at Boston from
loauilla, informs that some papers which had accidently
Miscarried were intercepted there on the 29th of Deeem.l
I)er, containing part of correspondence relative to a horrid
Conspiracy to be carried into execution of the night of
the 31st which was to murder all the European Govern-
ment officers in the Island. On the night of the 30ths
fifteen of the principal inhabitants implicated in the
Conspi racy were seized in bed and sent on board a Spanish
ship, and all their property was seized by.the Government.
This affair caned great alarm among the European Mer-
pliant!. Many of whom sent their valuable property on
board vessel. for security. All was quiet when Captain
Smith
SAtEfi, JUNG 13.—The conspiracy at Buenos Ayres,
an the 19th March, was the result of the extensive com-
/Anew° of disaffected persons in the province of Santa
Fe, Rios. sad Buenos Ayres. The blow was to be struck
at the same time in several places. Nothing, however,
was at Santa Ye. There was a rumour of a rebellion in
Rom Rios, bet said to have been suppressed. The pro-
vince of Saaw Ye and Entre Rios have united in war
limiest the Brazilians, and are determined to drive them
• out of Banda Bunts!. Colonel Garcia, has been shot- at

Bows Apes, for conspiracy against the tiovernment.
Mr. Selma, Minister from Columbia, to the United
•
States, on his being presented tc the President, addressed
in a long speech.


Baltimore aad Philadelphia pape rs hart arrived this mural
ing to the 20th ant:, by which we learn that some .dissatill-
fiction had 'misted mods tbd takers of thb Colombian
Squadron; in consequende of which, Captain Matthews,
and Lieutenants Rogers and Bartlett, with another, threw
op their commissions, and retired from the Colo,rblan ser-
vice. The crews became disorderly, and it became neces-
sary to send shoat 33 of them on board the Bolivar in irons.

Accounts from Maracaibo' are to the 19th of May, They
state that the Commandant Padilla, having received inform-
ation of the result of the action of the Ist of May last, did
not think it prudent to remain any longer at Los Tapes,
butresolved to force the entrance to the Bar of Maracaibo,
which he effected on the Sth, with It sail, large and small.
One of the brigs was sunk by the guns of the Castle, and two
others were soon aground. This discomfiture forced Pa-
dilla to retire to Panto Palma. Another account aye, Mo-
rales has been obliged to abandon Maracaibo. On the 40th
of May, the Spanish troops, nine hundred in number, re-
occupied Coro.

PARLIAMENTARY COMMENTARY.

The Bill to consolidate the laws relative to the Slave
Trade, has been postponed until next Session, at the re.
quest of the Lord Chancellor, who said it would take a
month longer before it could be properly examined. May
we Lope that the Lord Chancellor will be equally op-
posed to the business of legislating in a hurry, upon" the
Spitalfields Bill. The third reading of this Bill stand.
for to-day, without there having been the least opportus
laity for either the Committee, or the House, to consider
tie voluminous evidence which has been given for and
against it. There was some reason to believe the thing
was a ministerial measure, from the flippant style, and
want of argument, which Mr. Huskisson displayed. But
when the House of Lords declared that consideration was
necessary, and that time should be allowed to hear what
could be offered against the measure, we had some hope
that it was determined to consider, as well as to hear ; and
that common sense, and common justice would prevail
If the Bill is read a third time to-night, we shall hays
been disappointed; and, did the matter end there, we
should not complain; but we are satisfied that the result
of the new measure will be to compromise the peace of
the metropolis, upon every difficult crisis. Nothing but
the Bill about to be repealed has enabled the population of
Spitalfields to bear the occasional privations to which they
have been subjected. We bad no idea thatthe Ministers
could afford to lose nearly so much popularity as they mast
lose by this measure; bat that they would encounter so
much further rids as they tn tilt run by their interference,we
could not give them credit for a sufficient degree of folly.
Their common policy should be to divide the masses of
the labouring population through the country; and it
would be far better for them, that the Silk trade should
leave Spitelfields, than that the whole of the Silk trade
should be brought to the Metropolis. Here, at least, they
should endeavour to keep a contented population. But
if they despise all the warnings of prudence, they must
bear with the result. There is yet time to pause, and
we have done our duty in pointing oat the danger of
proceeding.

The half-official manifesto of the Holy Alliance, which I
we noticed yesterday, is one of those daring outrages
upon the common sense of the world, which have often I
proceeded from the modern corn lave of united depots.
With a total disregard of troth, and contempt of the un-
derstanding of the parties to whom it is addressed, it
falsifies facto, and assumes, data at the pleasure, or for '
the convenience of the Royal dictators. The existence
of such an alliance as that from which it proceeds, is one
of the monstrosities of the age :—and the people of every
nation ought to rise against the pretensions upon which
it is founded. The document contains one curious con-
fession, the compulsion to admit which ought to teach
the allied depots, that they have undertaken a business for
which they are as utterly unqualified, as to 'titillate
the weather, or to reach the moon. The writer admits,
that it was necessary for France to seek, in the at noble
occupation of war," an employment for those unquiet
spirits, who were not satisfied with the paternal sway of
the Bourbons. Treason, it is declared, bad tainted the
French army, as well as the French people; and it was
necessary to send them to be killed iu Spain, to prevent
them from compelling Louis to a third departure from the
beloved kitchen of the Tuilleries. This dreadful result
would have completely undone all the previous labours
of the Holy Allies. They would have been all compelled,
io the appropriate language of the Queen of Portugal, to
have gone again " into the workshopof royalty, to forge
new chains for the maintenance of s' saga, order."
One part of the secret is thus disclosed. Foreign war was
necessary to Vrance to prevent a domestic explosion ; and
Spain was selected as the object of aggression, because
the weakest, as well as the most obnoxious to the Holy
Allies. The other reasons attempted for this aggression
are as contemptible, as they are detestable. They are
founded either in the grossest disregard of known facts,
or the basest perversion of them. The Constitution is
denounced as the work of a faction against the majority
of the nation. This cannot be true ; because the Cation
would not submit to what it disliked. A faction could
not controol a nation ; and no foreign force could have
been requisite to liberate the King of Spain, had the
people thought proper to demand his restoration to
power. The same falsehood is told of Naples, and of
Piedmont. It is said the revolutions were put down
because the people preferred the old order to the new;
If so, why were the Austrians required to vindicate the
preference of the people? But these are all falsehoods of
the worst nature—told in the open face of day, and
against the better knowledge of their authors. The
Holy Alliance are well aware that their own Govern-
ments only exist by coercion-that they are more deeply
bated than they are feared; and That they could not
exist an hour, if they depended upon the feelings of the
people for support. The worst feature of this document
War as we are immediately concerned, is that there is
sn English air about its composition and arrangement.
It is a month old; and would have been more in time
with circumstances, if it bad followed hard upon
the counter-revolution in Portugal. And if the plot to
seise Ferdinand at Seville bad succeeded, we should pro.
bably have been treated with this document sooner. It

"-.lllmLx...Ak

lb a piece of sophistry evidently composed for a crisis
though like one of Mr, Canning's speeches which has
been prepared, and is too rood to be lost, k bas been
produced; although the crisis has not yet happened•
An ultra-paper, indeed, says, the business of the Penin•
sula is considered es " remind/ed." By wbdm It is so
considered, except the French have made the discovery
that they can do nothing more, we know not; for Cadiz
is not yet tiken, nor Mina overtaken—nor the fortresses
subdued—nor Gallicia entered. Nor would the business
be terminated, if all these things bad happened. Welted a
revolution in England,and a restoration that lasted for some
years; but Ole business was not"terminated" until &second
revolution succerded.The contest between freedom and op-
pression, can never be terminated while oppression exists;
because the love of freedom cannot be eradicated; and
that feeling mast always prompt resistance to tyranny.—
Spain may not achieve her freedom in this age, or is the
next ; but she will still be free ; for the seed is sown, allfi
the harve,t will be reaped, in the fulness of time. The
voice of nature, and of nature's God, bare gone forth
against the blasphemous pretensions of the impious Atli-
ance. daring to call itself Holy,while it advances the prix
ciples of slavery and desolation; and, however formida-
ble that Alliance may seem to superficial observers, it will
be blown as chaff before the wind, by the irresistible
authority which it has audaciously ventured to dispute.

A report of the proceedings at the public dinner given
on Monday, at Birmingham, to Mr. Hunt, is given in our
preceding columns. It was conducted with perfect order
and propriety.

His Majesty is this day to hold a Council at Carlton
Palace; also a Court, at which it is expected that his
Majesty, will receive the 'Recorder's Report. The out-
lines of the Speech on the Prorogation of Parliament are
also expected to be submitted to the King in Council for
the Royal sanction, lty the • Earl of Liverpool as the
Prime Minister, according to the customary forms.
There will be a Chapter of the Order of the Garter
held this day, at Carlton House, to invest the Marquess
of Bath, who, for some cause or other of which we are
unacquainted, was not present at the Chapter last Mon-
day. There was a very full Court, and after waiting an
hour for the Noble Marquess, the King adjourned the
Chapter to this day.
Yesterday the Princess Sophia visited the King.

Tnc KING'S- it:vaults BALL.—There W 11.4 a numer-
ous and interesting assemblage of the juvenile branches
of the Nobility and Gentry. at Carlton Palace last night
The young Ladies and Gentlemen, accompanied by their
Parents, hvgan to assemble ;shout half past eight; all pos-
sible refreshments were amply provided for them ; and
the whole were toasts happy by the amiable condesc4-
slots of the Monarch, who took a lively interest i■ the
scene, till a late hour (one o'clock in the morning), when
the party reluctantly broke up. The most gratifying
splendour was displayed, and the servants of the House-
hobd wore their rich state dresses on the occasion.

his Majesty will give a Wand Entertainment to-
morrow.

Yesterday at three o'clock a Cabinet Conneil was held
at the Foreign Office, Downing-street, which sat till near
half-past font o'clock. There were present the Earl of
Liverpool, the Earl of Harrowby, Mr. Peel, Mr. Canning.
Earl Bathurst, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord
ildarybotough. Mr. Wynn, Viscount Sidmonth, &c. The
subject under deliberation was supposed to be the ar-
rangement of the Speech to be submitted for the King's
approval fur closing the Session of Parliament.

The following are, Extracts from the French Papers
of Sunday :
MADRID, July 7.—(Extract from a Private Letter.)—
Tliq write to us front Cadiz, that, on his arrival, the
King did not wish to resume the shadow of authority
which the factious had left him, but that he was deter-
mined to it by the Chapter and the principal Commercial
Body, who represented to him that his constitutional
inviolability was necessary, in order that his subjects
might defend him.

The Militia of Wiz are revolved to protect the life of
the King. Th,re have been already divides between
these and the Militia of !Madrid and Seville.

As soon as the King appeared on the terrace of the
Custom House, the inhabitants of Port St. Msry's, and
of other places round the bay, manifested their attach-
ment to him by shouts, and by decorating their houses,
The Government has interdicted the King from this pro-
menade.
Hermes% Alava has been appointed In‘pector of Rngi-
neers. lie is &decided democrat:4/os mat des Debate.)

The army of Ballasteros, which he bad quitted in order
to ■rrire sooner at Cadiz, has been attacked by General
lit a, and completely routed. The com.nand of this
army, which is now in a ruined state, has been given to
Zayas, 1141lasteros has been sent to the isle of Leon.

Mention is made to-day of a letter written by General
Bourdesoulte, dated the 16t of July, in which this pas-
sage is remarkable : " I hope to be able to inform you
to-morrow that the French shall have entered the island
of Leon."--(Quotedienue.)
Peartnmas, July s.—Mina arrived on the Nth tilt. at
Sans, a village a quarter of a league from Barcelona., un-
der the cannon of the fort of Moniajonic, where he remains
in consequence of the gout, occasioned by the fatigues of
his last march, and the snow he encountered on the
mountains of Norio.
The Duke of Norfolk, with Lord and Lady Surrey and
family, have arrived at Arundel Castle, to reside there
daring the summer.
Sir John Wrottesley seems likely to come in unopposed
for Staffordshire; and Mr. Heathcote for Newcastle,
in the same comity, is consequence of Mr. T. !Caner-
'ley, the brother of the deceased member, declining to
oiler himself. _ . . . _

On Friday Lord Ingestrie attained the age of 21 years,
on which occasion there was a grand fete at Ingests-le,
the seat of his father, Earl Talbot ; from 6to 700 Ladies
and Gentlemen were invited. The bells in Stafford were
ringing during the whole day.
On the 19th of June, the August ceremony of the mar-
riage of the Crown Prnice with the Princess of Gencliten-
burg was celebrated at Stockholm with great pomp and
splendour.
The subscription for the Spaniards in Edinburgh goes on
vigorously. The Scotsman says—b. It gives us much plea-
sure to notice among the subscriptions for the Spanish cause,
several sums contributed by industrious mechanics. Be-
sides those already advertised, we understand that from 71.
to SI. base been subscribed by a ember of cabinet-makers
la a workshop in thei New Town. Offers have also been
made to the committee of manufacturing pikes•for the ser-
vice of the Spaniards, but it has been thought hest to con-
gae the contributions from this part of the country entirely
to money, as arms can be furnished at a cheaper rate, sod be
more easily conveyed from the south."

1

.....

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ,

DEAL, jut's. W.S.W.—Arrived and sailed f,
the River the Silvia, Corder, from Africa ; Hannah, Web-
ber, from QUebtc ; Dane,Chancellor, from Cadiz Poceuis,
Kerit, from Havanna ; and several others; particulars uti-
known.—Came down from the River the Alexat,der. Ri-
chardson, for theisle of France and Ceylon ; Pacific; Suther-
land, for Naples; and Alaria,Wilham, for New Orleans.
PORTSMOUTH, July lA.—Wind S.S.W.--Balled the
Charles, limes, for La Liuyra; and Indus, Wright, for
Quebec.
PLemoulrn, July 14.—Wind W.—Arrived the Smyrna,
FaiMer, from London; Lord Nelson, Wilson, and Melia.
Greenslade' from London; Charles, Barcham, from Ant•
weep 4 and William and Amelia, Jones, from St. John's New
BrunSwick.—Salled the Shannon, Kendall, for London.
FALMOUTH, July 14.—Wind W. to S.W.—Ssiled 11. Nf.
ship Larne for the East Indies; Duke of Kent Packet for
Lisbon; and Norton Packet for Jamaica.—Off the Port the
Within, flaws, from Tatmagush.

~~

42

i
