THE STATESMAN

KING'S THEATRE.

The Opera House was opened yesterday evening for the In-
spection of professional persons ■nd friends to the establish-
ment, and a candlelight rehearsal took place of the Ballet
and Divertisement. Compared with its condition last season.
the Interior of the house is greatly improved. It Is entirely
re-gilt and painted. the ground sea green, relieved with salmon
colour, or whitish pink, In the lower circles. In
the upper parts this order is
being salmon colder, and the edges sea green. New
draperies have been added to the boxes, and fresh chande-
liers to the third and fourth circles. There is a new drop-
curtain, more gorgeous than the old one; and the ordinary
minor a Itlitions hare been made. both upon the stage and
in the audirnce part of the theatre. The curtains at the
boxes are rose; the ceiling is blue, with pictures of the
Nine Magee. Above the Proscenium are the Royal Alms,
in stone coloured relief. Along the front of the main row
of boxes, a range of arches, in moulding, is carried. and
below each arch is a crown proper. The general effect,
neat and elegant, rather than splendid. There is a mag-
nificent lustre in the centre of the ceiling, and a new drop
curtain, crimson starred with geld, which has a magnifi-
cent appearance.
There was an undress rehearsal of the Ballet, in which
the principal performers of the corpi de ballet made their
appearance. It would not be fair to speak of the ballet
itself (which is an Indian story as far as we could guess)
from a view of it, in which so inadequate an idea of its
picturesque effect is given. The opening scene we imazine
will have a very pleasing effect, and the appropriate tro-
pical scenery is of a superior d•scrip'ion to what we have
before witnessed at the Opera House. The corps de ballet
is evidently very strong. ALnsRT, who was greeted with
loud applause, sheaved his accustomed grace and agility.
A. M. PLRDINAND, a dancer in the style of PAUL, was the
principal novelty. His ease anti d plomb, the lightness,
elasticity, and wonderful strength of his movements, will
make him one of time greatest favourites of ibe season.
He seems to rise from the ground without effort, and to
alight with an ease almost miraculous. The female dan-
cers were by no means anxious to display their power.,
but Mademoiselle Ls liens is evidently an acquisition of
great value; she has a handsome and intelligent counte-
nance, and seems to ri►al Madame Ronal VHSTRIII in ease
and grace. NoitLev is not yet arrived. Upon the whole.
we have no doubt the Opera Moose will this season, both
for brilliancy and substantial merit, stand as high as it has
ever hitherto dun., independently even of the presence of
the great genies of wmtern music, who alone would have
shed a redeeming grace over any defects.

OLD BAILEY.—(Tnis DAT.)
—....1.--

James Walsh Wei put to the her on an icdictment rhsrging
him with stealing a haft. der. the property of Meseta. Sprsitif
and Co. proprietor+ of the Exeter Auxiliary Mall Coach. Toe
facts of this case hive already fully appearrilAnd consequently
it is only necessity to state that he Web found Ouilty,but judg-
ment was respites.

COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.
-f-

Yesterday, the first Court of Common Council for the
present year was held for the dispatch of a variety of im-
portant business.
The Loan Maven informed the Court, that a •acancy
bail Kapp-n-d in the See Coal Meters' Offic-. by the death
of Mr. Henderson, the principal land Coal Mete-. It was
for the Court to consider when they would appoint a per-
son to fill the office.

_ ......._
Mr. SOUTHGATE begged leave to correct a mistatement
which had gone abroad very extensively. It had been
stated in nearly all the papers, that the Sea Coal Commit-
tee had recommended an increase of twenty-five additional
Sra Coal Meters, in consequence of the alleged inadequacy
of the present number. He begged leave to state, that this
report oaeqnite unfounded. The Committee had entered
into no resolutions on the subject, hat would be prepared
to report to tht Court on that subject, and on the high
price of coals, on the next Court day.
Mr. OLDHAM presented to the Court a Petition from Mr.
Lavie, the agent to Captain Samuel Brown, of the Royal
Navy. 'fit. petition stated, that it was the intention of
Captain Brown, at the next Session of Parliament, to pe-
tition for a Bill to allow the erection of a wrought iron
Bridge of Suspension over the Thames, for foot passengers,
as well as for beasts of hurdle'', and that he had given
notice, and taken the requisite steps for bringing this Bill
into Parliament. It would be so constructed as to have
only three arches, and their height woul t be such as to
allow the tallest vessels to pass tinder it without lowering
their masts. The 'mite (as we understood the Petition)
would ha from Little Tower-street to Horsley-down on the
opposite shore. The Petition went on to state, that great
adean'ages to trade would be derived to the connties of
Nli4ldlesex, Surrey, and Essex, by the erection of such a
bridge, especially during the building of the new London
Bridge, and that the proposed bridge would be completed
in on. twelvemonth from the time of passing the Bill.
The Petition concluded by praying, that the Court would
grant permission to the Petitioner to erect two columns
ire the river for the purpose of sippending the iron work.
The Petition moreover prayed, that the Court would ap-
point persons to examine and report on the plans.
The Petition was referred to the Thames Navigation
Committee to examine anti report upon it.
Mr. SLADE presented a Petition to the Court signed
by M . Rundle and Bridge, and many respec-
table inhabitants of the vicinity of Fleet Marks', priing
that they would take some measures for removing the
market to a more convenient s.i e. The Petition stated,
that it would be a great Improvement of the city of Lon-
don to remove Fleet_ Market altogether. It mentioned the
great ineonvenieeee that resulted from its present confined
and crowded state,and the frequent "locks up" of carriages
in the line of St. Paul's and the Strand. in consequence of
the present tlArouglifsre ant being sill& lent. It stated,
that by making an open, wide. and spacious tlaorovglif 4re,
by the removal of the market altogether, the grerest bene-
fits would be eonferred. An excellent way would he made
to enable carriages to return to the West end of the town
np Holborn. and it would greatly faciliate the grand im-
provement contemplated by the Corporation of openinz •
direct line of cononnnicetion between Illackfriars Bridge
and the great North Read. The petition stated, that many
rtspectable females were d t-rrrd from going to the market
by the thronged state of the surrounding avenues with
carriages, and the crowded state of the Market itself. The
Market, too, bring a covered way, was at night the general
receptacle of prostitutes and the worst of characters. If
the Corporation should consider of a licit.., the petilonere
pointed out to their notice the West side of Fleet Market,
which was covered with wretched crowded !looses that
were inhabited by people of the lowest and vilest deserip.
ton. If these houses were pulled down, which might be
d ne to the advantage of the inhabitants, an elegant
market might be built on the scite, with convenient ap-
proaches, which were so much wanted.
Mr. SLADE, in secot:dine the prayer of the Petition, ad-
verted to the spirit of improvement which" he said had
gone forth, and expressed his confidence that it would ad
vance. This market, instead of bring a public convenience,
was a public nuisance. lie trueted that in a few years as
many iusprovernents would he effected in the Cite of Lyn-
don, a• had recently been effect-41 in the City of Wes mia-
st,r. He moved that the Petition ahoald he referred to the
Improvement Committee.
Mr. licecoatne seconded the motion. , •
Mr. TAYLOR Supported the motion, and said three had
been no improvement made in Westminster for the last
three years, that would he equal to the improvement to be
made in the City of London, by opening the communi-
cation between the Narth Roe I and Blackfriar's-bridge.
The Petition was referred to the Committee of Improve-
ment.

A report was brought up fr•tm a Committee relative t
the erection of a new Post-Othce. The Report stated the
proceedings. and the sums already expended for clearing
the scite of the New Post-Office. As tar as the city was
concerned, little remained to he done; hut as to the ex•
pense of erecting the new building, and the probable time
that would I), taken before it tcascompleted, the Committee
could slate nothing, for by the Act they were allowed no
controtil over the building, or the sum to be paid, but they
had every reason to believe that Government wosld
soon com nonce this mist important work. The Com-
mittee referred to the Clerk of the City's Works, which
staved be hid been informed that the new building would
he speedily commenced, and that excavations .were how
*slaking for the foundation.
The Report was ordered to be entered on the Journals.

THZ LATI GRANVILLE SMARM

Mr. FAV6LL rose pursuant to the oo.ice he had given on
this subject. Before he proceeded with his motion, he moved
that the resolution of the Court io depteralver, (we believe)
1791. of thspits to Granville Sharpe, Esq. be read.

Tne Raw'anon was read accordintly.

Mr. F•vsit. then went on, and after a warm eulogy on the
great and persevering reertions of Mr. Sharpe In the cIUIP of
humanity, and of hi. renuuua I saortion of that ere4t princi•
pie—that the slave who once touched the shore of Britain be-
came thereby a tree min—dwelt upon the honours which hid
hero conferred on him during his life time, by the appiauga of
the good men of all countries, and since his death, by a monu-
ment to his guernsey In Westminster Abbey. lie then enume-
rated minutely smog of Mr. Sharpe's labours in the great strag-
gle he had made, and after stating that the present motion had
nothing to do with the question respecting slavery agitated at
the present day, concluded by moving his first resolution.—
(See advertisement.)
Mr. HICK seconded the motion.
Mr. Doaaroao said a few words in support of it.

Mr. S. DIION. in objecting to the motion, urged the late
period at wnich it was brought forward—the bad precedent
which would be established by voting such honours to parties
to whom the Court bad voted resolutions of thanks.

Mr. TAYLOR defended the motion, and after a few words
from Mr. Patten,
- -

Mr. Fsvaid. briefly replied.
The resolution eras then put, and carried in the affirm-
ative.

The second resolution wa• also put and carried.
The Loan Maros declared a vacancy in the situation of
Brirhlayer to tae City. by the resignation of Mr. Poynder.
The Court confirmed the Elections of Mr. Deputy Old
ham. Mr. It. Carter, and Mr. Filby. to be Governors of
Bridewell and Bethlent, St. Bartholomew's and St. Tho-
mas's Hospitals.

On Saturday last, the wife of J. Andrews, sail maker of St.
Martin's parish, Lincoln, was found dead in bed by her hus-
band on his rising in the morning, having died by his side in
the night. She had been In an 111 state of health for several
years, but was no worse than usual on going to bed ou that
sight.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

CHESTER R ACES. 1525. •
Handicap for the Tradeamens' Cap, value 100gv. started to •
Sweepstakes of Isgs. each, 10 ft. and only sgs. if declared by
the 14th of Feb.

st. lb. st. lb.
Doge of Venice . 9 2 Ado-It
1 Swap. 8 13 Etiquette 8 3
Euphrates 8 19 11% menus .. 8 3
Sherwood
Amiable 8 11 Birmingham S i
Sir Edward . 8 10 Frarnought 8 8
Belmont
Orator
General Mina.. 8 2 Hengist
Madoc
Skeleton 9 4 Rebecca 6 12
—......_
BETTING AT TATTERSALL S.—JAN, 22.
RIDDLESWORTIL-6 to 2 agst Reformer--9 to 2 agst Pre*
dence—l Ito 2 agst Quadrille-7 to I twit Don Carlos-8 to t
agst Cressida-12 to I agst Lyrnessa —6 to 4on the colts art
the fillies.
OAXS.—No alteration.

Deaar.-3 to I MEM Swiss-7 to I spit Reformer—ll to I
ago Cressida—lS to I ago Flaosher --IS to I agst Hurl".
Burly-22 to I agst 'easy —4O to I agst Petronilla.
DONCASTER ST. to I agst Altisidora to I
agst to I agst of Mansfield—lS t) I agst
Rosanne-22 to I 'gat Kinglet—SO !o I agst Oswestry.

LANGAN AND RETNOLMS.—An offer has h-en made to
the shove two pogilio., by the 3lanager of the Som.,.
Theßue, nr TwENTt P-unos PEst NIGIIT fur a week, to
exhibit their talent of swirling.

MR. PIERCE, OF BRISTOL.

(PRO! TUE NSW MIES.)

Under the date of Bristol. enure gross misreprrsentetione
r•mp.mting this gentlemen here heen given to the public by a
Morning Paper. Their object appears to be In i 'duce a belie(
that Mr. Pierce was coon died with London getahlere ; and it
is f•irther insinuated, that he was addicted to low. disreputable
society. We are assured that there is not the slightest founda-
tion for either of these aspersions.
The Cheltenham Chronicle of yesterday eontaini a para•
graph. which says the body of Mr. Pierce had been found on
the preceding day ; that he had been murdered. as previ-
eady eiv,jecture.l. on sec went of the peopeety he had about
him at the time, an I that his hat was throws into the float, in
order to induce the friends of the deceased to believe he had
been drowned. In regard to this statement, we are autho'
rimed to say that the E litor of the Cheltenham Paper has been
been grossly imposed on; nothing whatev.er having yet trans-
pired which con d authorise the assertion. Smith, the ROW
Street Officer, who has been at Bristol for the last nine days.
pressing the investigation under a Committee of Gentlemen
formed for the perp se, returned to London on Wednesday
eveninv, after a tedious nod frit4less search. Messrs. Clarke.
Richards. and Nietlcalf on whose authority we state these.
facts, are in receipt of daily communications from the Bristol
Com unite, and their latest Irtlrr left the investigation pre-
-1 cisly as it was a week ago,

Innumerable anonymous rommuni-ations have been ad-
dressed to the ttri%tol and London r.f.rrea. which generally
have but one ohj et in a iew—that of ohtmining money. Such
a letter wag received by Nteasrs. Clarke and Co. through the
twopenny post, the writer stating that Mr. Pierce was at pre•
sent safe and well; sod that on receipt of a 101. note per post
out of thw promise I IOU!. direc Ina the inclosure to •• The Ele-
phant and Coatle Tavern. Waterloo road." the nec o aaa y infoe• '
motion would he immei;iately given. This artifice was too
shallow to require much penetration.

COAMITIIEN 'MI LS, AND CONVICTIONS,
FOR LONDON AND I DDLESEX.

A short time 11; Ile., we pnlil:shed a list of the Commit-
ments, Trials, anti Convictions, for Lon lon and Middlepex
the mutt. to he collected from which are well deserving
of eorsid,rltion.

From the 4. r:ltemPnts it app-ars. that ont of the whole
flambee of priion•w4 romnti.tetl by the County Magis-
trates, ahme forty-two per cent. were acquitted or dia.
eke rced.

The relative proportion of arglitted or discharged
was 'miller nit of the committals by the Magistrate• of
the City of London ; hot 'till this proportion amounted
to more than one person in four, viz. about twenty-
seven per cent..

Of the whole of the prisoner co:nmltted to Newzate.
nearly the h ilf were released at the end of the Sessions.
It seems th-refire that either the Magistrates fregeently
co•nniit prison•rs nn evidei.cr itntdeg•tate to procure a con-
viction; or else that the means of enforcing the attendance
of prosecutors and al itlesses are ■ut competent to the pnr-
pnaes of juatice. In either cage. it would certainly be
desirable that some me wires should be adopted to lighten
the expense to the ;edic, and with regard to the prisoners
that the innocent should b• protected, and dte guilty more
etfc;ctually brought to Justice. It is in the details of prac-
tire, In,' not in the general principles of law, that our
judicial system appears capable of essential improve-
ment.

OIL ass Wongs.—We understand the Edinburgh Ca*
Cotruainyhave At length fixed upon a situation for their works.
They have bought a piece of zr..onil, between four and
five acres in extent, immediately on the west side of the
bridge at Canonmills, and ringing along the north side of
the water. A small put of this will be reservesd fur their
own erection., and the rest will be rimed off as building
gr +um! fur hou.es, according to a determinate plan. which
will add to the beauty of that growing suburb of the city.
The gas work, we are inform. d, from the nature of the
operations and the materials employed. will not produce the
smallest nuisance, eith-r by its awake or its refuse. tis
intended to be tastefally built, in a style which will reflect
no discredit on the elegant buildings in its neighbourlimrd;
and it will he set off with an ornamented clituinay, whis,k
will he nearly in a direct line with Itun.las Street, obit
have the effect of 4 handsome spire in the landscape. We
beer, too, thiit it is in eontetnidation to carry the road right
north. by a new bridge, from the part where it now bens@
eastward, so as to cut off the inconvenient angle forms&
at the prerent bridge. This, however, is a project, the ex-
ecution of • hich m sy probably depend on the concnrrence
and co-operation of the road trustees.—(Caledonian Mer-
cury.)
A drearrul accident Happened at Long Sutton, Lincoln-
shire, on Friday se'nnight, to Elizabeth Ward, a child six
years of age, the dangliter of a. colager. Being left by
her mother to get reedy sine refreshment whilst the latter
loitered in the town fur inure than two hours, the child in
attempting to take the pot off the fire, was so shockingly
b unt by her pinafore catching the dames, that after line
goring. in great agony for a few hours she died. A coro-
ner's inquest viewed the body on Monday. when the above
eircutostanctss appeared in evidence.—Vestlict, " Burnt to
death accidentally." The mother was severely admonish-
ed by the coroner for her want of care towards the child, in
le:posing her to the fire for so long a Huse.
Wednesday lest the first fair was held at Crossgar. in
the county of Down, when the show of cattle, of almost
every kind, was incalculable. Almost every article offer-
ed for sale met with • fair demand. the assemblage of
people far surpassing any thioi ever known in that put.
of the country before. The. Yarn Market conantear"t
very brisk at nice o'clock, the hour app tinted. abaft
there was offered for male a very, greet show of fins
yarn, the majority of which was excellent. and egeemled
in price llid. per•hack. It was calculated that et least
4,500 hanks were scld. every thing ended peac.-ahly,on't
the reople returned to. their respective homes at +eta'
1 son. bl, hour.
