~ .- - .

..
Arr Mali. Due
0.
••••..•••.. • ...
bottealar 2
0 ••... . Who) 2
1 ',.•a. Whoa • 0
0 .4.•
t • Cadip
0
0 • ' Halifax • ~...• ••. 1.
0 Comma 1

_lens
We have this day inserted the "desirable speech of
Mr. TEZEING, delivered to a melt numerous aid
respectable meeting of the Cathislic Inhabittuteig
hes Cs
possessesountyofD.ionwnthe,
oinvectuhleiari,elgiicelulet.ocie w Thin
hiliiich
Tess
tinguish the elequetice 'of thUsAifsh
,nation,--all
enthusiastic ardettril. vt4l -that eloquence is
generally ezalted,"'when ailiPhirit In support of the
We bad yesterday the satisfaction of remmuni-t
Catholic Can Se. Bold niadflifoureus in its denun-
re tug to our Readers the glorious news of a most
eciations of .the oppressire ayittellt!pursued by Eng-
se;tial victory, obtained by our Allies over the armte
I land ,—pathetic and affecting in its,delineation of the
n
of the enemy, commanded by BONAPARTE in perio..
wrongs and sufferings of Irelaud—it speaks a lan-
-11 it be supposed that we do not as heartily cougratu.
gouge correspondent to the feelings of the whole
late our country on its successes or prospct its as the
-people of Ireland, a language awful and appalling
most noisy of our rivals, we are misunderstood; tad -•
to this'country, if indeed she be determined toper-ils hen we have been the most disposed to wish and catt '
severe in the iinpolitic tyranny of her pist coudoct,--:.
for I'e, .e it was, because we were impressed Wigs, .
most auspicious and cheering to her„ if she intend
the ceo i
liity that the commerce which would
tl.-
'4
un(o regulate her future policy by the sacred laws of
fa:lihl) accompany or follow it, was best cals:ga ~,5,,,
erality and justice; a language which proves the
to heal our wounds and, repair oar finances.
°evf,, Irish people to be exquisitely suttee:4l4le of the feel..
wishes fur a happy! return to that state, so natmv
. ogsletgretitode—or of resentment. Viers. is- one
and congenial to great Britain, are strengthened brtiyaseige .0
e this Address, which, on this y, the
the additional hove that it can now, from the very hest of a new Session of Parliament, forms .most
beneficial change in the condition of Europe, be comet
'suitable topic of remark, and opens in a
-......-1...5i00s being enteres
teaiplated, without thoseary...-
eproductiveriess of its .
tamed as heretofore, of the epresent occasion we have opportunity adequately to
fruit. The great obstacle to thedesideratuin seems . :
Cultivate. We here borrow the inimitable language
now removed, perhaps; toy ever. N
'Ve mein 'of Mr.,Tiexixo :—" It is not, I affirm, because we
the inordinate power of our restless enemy. —e .
are attached to the faith of our ancestors, that we
The dispatches of Sir Cuntees Symms; as
,' are alieus in the land. When the religion we profess
published in a Gazette Sattsmordinary last night,
was the religion of all—when alike English Una
detail, in the clearest tied !lost satisfactory man- Irish, adored in the same temple, the same Goat,
me.', the brilliant achleeiblents of the Allies,
and the same religious forms were common to both,,'
ehich enable us to Say, that their arms have corn- i
te stilt
was
unhappy
Ireland a persecuted land: Pre--
pletely obtained from* their enemy what they de-
1 staet Government, Catholic Government—no
manned from him as the condition of their laying .
amelioration for us---no Securities could satisfy=
them down. It is not what France proper may' no conditions could please—we W'ere persecuted as
think of their EMPEROR, should he reach it (which 1 Irish thou,
aud as irisA7lo are persecuted still.--:
at present seems doubtful), or whitt it may do to..:I
.
w illi:. securing him a firm seat on its throne;
that is terms the Errors of the .Church of Rome—had we
toe distant a subject for present consideration;--but;
the disposition and the pew"? to .cede not a Veto,
uc. my be warranted in saying, that enterprising but to
place
the Sovereigt slit Ite. Pieren's chair, and
and adventurous as he has shown himself to be, he '
salute him the first Bishop id the Christian world—
will never make a campaign out of it again with an
i should the immense mai. of shah population sacri-
army composed of confederate, or even of contribue
fice conscience to powers.. and sully their fathers' vir.
tory troops.—" Jan eater," fitc. - toes and their own—thiuk- you-would Ireland theft
It eel, however, be highly interesting, in making enjoy freedom, Concord; ',tad peace.? Ah no! free-
up the 4istory of this extraordinary personage, to ob- dom to the Negro, amitylikh the Indian,but slavery
serer how he will be received on his return to Paris : , and discord to the Sonie'of "Erin. What then will
%there, unquestionably, the news of his disaster ; secure to us that libertyr.hippiness, and peace, with.
(though studiously endeavoured to be veiled) wait' ear which 4198 ncipitige .4.,941 tx an gaol soundl—
kitowu in secret. Ills military talents will be cottql III." a.is a. fair, free, unsought, tsnatced representation
melded ou with severity. If he should say he was : so-L.. the People—the only measure worth pursuing,
abandoned (like DAnres) in the hour of need, by the only Messing worth contending fart"—We hail
Satoos and Westphalians quitting his ranks in the.! this sentiment from the mouth' of sieleotient and en.
held .1f *battle, in common language, that he had not lighlened en advocate of Catholic.teeedota, with the
" fair tl:av," it will indeed raise the admiration of
.greatest joy. We have long thought, that the state
of the national representation has not been so much
attended to by the Catholics of Ireland, nor so
strongly urged upon their attention, by their distill.'
guished leaders, as its importance, with is vie* to.
any effective amelioration of the Condition of any
class of the community, deserves. If the,wholl
Commons of the United Kingdom had been folly end'
faithfully represented in Parliament, as.they have .a
sight to be, according to the Constitution of
-the tountry, long 'ere this, the Catholics of
Ireland, as well as of England, must have bah
1 every cause of complaint removed. There can,
indeed, be no doubt that the best means of
`correcting every minor evil, would be to remedy
the present imperfect state of the national represen-
tation, by which all other evils are produced, aggra-.
voted, or prolonged. But the truth, however, is,
with respect to Ireland, that even of that imperfect
and inferior, that virtual (as it is called) representa-
tstion, which exists in the United Kingdom, it is not
Ineffered to partake. Ireland is, in every sense of
'the word, and beyond the reach of doubt or equivo-
i cation, an unrepresented country; it is deprived, in
i common with the whole 'Empire, of that
fsound,-
svholesome and effectual to which.
v representation,
j.the Constitution entitleb it ; and by the operation ofd
i the Penal Code,' it is further deprived of that spu-
, tieus and inefficient representation, which, such
Its it is, England and Scotland are still suffered
1-topossess. The very essence of this kind of repre-
-1 tentatioii, if indeed it be not too chimerical and. vie
1 • &Amery to admit of definition, must be the great pro.
hahility which, some how or other, it affords, 4'
persons of every description, of every conflicting in
iterest and opinion, finding their 'way into the body,
1 which •professes to 'represent .the people. It is e,ssen-
il.tat to its ' that eveiy dais of subjects having peculiar,
..., .
and distinct -interests, whether, commercial, politie
cal, or religious, should. at alt times be certain of
having in the• legislative, assembly some members,
fully identified with.theni in 'reseed Of IWO*. distinet
and peculiar interests. Four-fifthiof the' population
of Ireland is Catholic. : ICTO 'Catholic is tit:Witted -to
a seat in the House of Commons.- -Ireland there-
fore, Catholic Ireland, is not .vistually repre-
sented; that it Is not directly and substantially
represented is' sufficiently evident. -The eonclie-
siqn is inevitable—lreland is an unrepreic-nted
country. We are not disposed to attach any
great value to this kind of representation, .from !
which the Irish are, by the Penal Code, excluded;'
but there are Men who attach much value to it, and

KIWI WILLIAM LANDS:D.—Holiday al the Public (Micelle

TII E STATESMAN.

LONDON:
THURSDAY, 110.111111111ta 4, 1843.

Fr :or - for its warlike sons,who could cognise the fight,
when they beheld the very cannon, withlte
ea ti a. I lerist s, now directed against theFrenchianks,
in w t.:Llt an hour before they were reckoned and sta-
tio.td as Allies. But that plea will leave him sto-
p led of want of discernment; of knowing more
of the minutite of arms and of men in the field of
Little, than of cabinets and of the workings of
men's minds, when they have time to reflect. Such
events as these cannot fail to afford instructive lessons
to matikiod. Ambition, which is only increased by
accession of dominion, .appears to have intoxicated
NA rouos. He has not deigned to govern his views
and actions by ordinary calculations. His defenders
may say that his remaining so long in Dresden,''
would have been exempt from censure, if he had
not been forsaken 1:i the moment of combat by so
many whole battaliontrand squadrons. As it is, the
tardily quitting that city brings to our mind his pro-,
traded stay in Moscow. his eye, as we have be..
fore observed, could not but fix itself often on his
garrisons of the Elbe: 6d its neighbourhood: His
high spirit could not brook the turning his .back aK
them. For them chiefly be has risked all ; for them
has he most probably lost all I If the remains -44,
his army shotild even reach Muhlhausen 'And,
Cassel, it has Westphalia to traverse 'ere it
reaches Cologne, the unrest strong place on,'
the Rhine. And as the Westphalians in arms
by abandoning him contributed to his fate in,
the field, there mill be -but little reason to suppose
their, peaceful brethren- will be disposed to cherish
his falling fortune out of it. He may, by a won.'
deanl presence of mind; which he has many times
displayed in difficulty, prevent the people through
whose country he flies from making a prize of his per-
son: hut we do conceive it highly probable that
they will of his beaten, bereft, and unhappy fugitives.
Poor creatures! we feel for them—their bravery
and suffering entitle them to a better fate. Rut we I
do hope these memorable occurrences wilt teach I
sovereignp to value the. lives of their subjects; and
that the terrible initiations on the 'French, to going
out of their °an territory to invade those of others,
Mill be a lesson not lost to surrounding nations.
These victories, like many others• which,laye hap-
pened at the moment of Parliaments' assemblieg,cofine
very opportunely to give eclat to the RIGENT's
Si'e"vh, atuLtoreconcilo the people to fresh and en.
laird sacrifices. Let Ministers' denten& What
they may, we presume little•opposition Wilt be made
Attn.

, ' -

2
2 '

N ' ,
. .. -
•
. .
.. ,:7F Int trAiVII.AN ... ~.. . .
... , .
' A telegraphio disputch Was tecolvedvlast night of amongst those are to be found the most determined
another important victory gained over Ramifies opponents of Catholic-Emancipation. Iloiv can theft
it.rmy, on the Elbe. The Ibiand As enemy is said men defend their.consistency, "who. maintain on one
o have been "3000 men, Ind"! . 11?rArtel;a1 431R7 hand that .virtual .ropresentation is a valuable privi-
cars, together with 40 piecei of. "..., '' :
ilieffio
lege, and a powerful safeguned to 'all other rights ;
