TUE STA'

771 i itiN
•
STOCK EXCHANGE. Ow *Their.

liserrord AT THE CROWN AND ANCHOR TO 11111 inarrOil OF TIM srairsimax.
rtvemv."
• . Snt—Plastered ley theeiiirdatterifirt fait-eesstem
A Meeting took plate this stay, agreeably to pebl7c , &wise, " American Isadepeudeseser on Ihe chemist
advertisement, to express the public opinion epee e prospects and ranid adirmeeemeit of wide I beg to con-
committal of Mr. Hoblioese to Newgate. In cones- patelate the Proprietor and Readers of Ton Sorra.-
enence of the necessity of attending at Newgate to Offer eras, I again solicit Lis and 'their leduiganee for the
security for M. llohhonse, Sir Francis Burdett was not Insertion of the Address to Bnielislonee, composed ender
aide to attend until about twenty minutes to 2 o'clock. feelings, 1 hope, not son acute for prestige circlAuttances•
.thong that tire he entered the nt°l", and was received j The friends of freedom, admirers of the Caledonian
with enthe,iastic applause. The worthy Baronet coon- muse, will immediately perceive that the foliov.ing piece
messed his address by apologizing fur III" lateness of is indebted for whatever portier of harmony and vigour,
his attetelauce, and explaining the cause. They Lad as- et may peasese. to the e sent, wea hoe we V.tt allure bled,"
sembled this day, he observed, to endeavour to arrest the :of the ill-feted but ite..,..orte- 8,,„,. Had Barns Heed at
torrent of despotism which threatened to destroy those the
dear. Of all the
rights wiii:h they justly held sopresent eventfel ner'eti, nest he might have been
bring, Lad not revery end despair, entailed on him by
stretches of arbitrary power which had been exercised an irrefiverece acimiratieu eoneigned hint to an
in the worst of fifties, he knew of none compare:.
untimely grave, at de se-, of Se: his vigorous versatile
Ide to that, which (under the pretence of Privilege) muse wocid have ft ample score fee the exertion of
is exercised the I lot"
of
Comma"' the was persuaded bet capabilities ii def. i:ng the tots ring (*lath- :,is
that no nnbiassed person, no one unconnected with that "stmt.!, freedom. ~ta•
ir. t,i the detr,tatian
Bc.-ottioiatosgeriag, Propridoeslip which disgraced the of po_terity tee foal rhs:arter, of tl.e,e, who, deaf to
"mild fail to :rlsicihatc the exercise of a Putter I the voice of recedes), Mummify, Le-I troriotisua, ridicule I,
by which a person is committed, charged with a crime,
the poi re. - and misery of triiiie Ennlishmen, exalt
without any possibility of being brought to trial. It
in the groans of the inaegied rictiuls of their cruelty.
was needless to go iota argument upon this subject, be-! and pt.
•t:,• jest fa! of !tritons with the mimed,
cause common sense would point out the absurdity
of Vie Ategrnl„ nod the afful-1 1.. J us hope these scenes
She idea that the same body should act the parts
wilt tall into ac..iutt mioe capehic of remedying evils of
of Judge, Jary, and final execetioner. Such a power such enormous magniunle--eeits which threaten to an-
was never known to the most despotic of our Kings,
tsihilate the remnant of tece,lom, to &vele the
and wae it not too much for the !loose of Communa—
Sovereign of a flee and powerful nation to the level of
thte
all
—should
powerpose ,ssed no prerogative'
a
.s'itiet.l even abyss of anarchy, misery, and destrnetion.
in those times when prerogative was stretched to
its Malawi extent. He did not mean to aseart that
the House of Commons possessed no privilege. On the
contrary, it was his opinion that it ilia, and that it had
a right to pettish any one for contempt of its orders.
Ike the proper exercise of its constitutional power.
Ku: there was a difference between contempt of the order
of the Holm, and measures which are supposed by serif
Lain persons not to be consistent with its dignity. Of late I
the !louse had stood conch upon its dignity—(a laugh)—.
The House had not always been so tenacious. When al
Slinister Ivid been accused face to fare, of the most is,
elevit and open corruption, the Ukase had overlooked
it, on the groend that sash practices were as rotoriousi
as sun at noonday.—(Hreat applause)—What had,
passed he other evening in the House. must have excited I
a .!roif! feeling of disgust in the House. He alluded to ,
the motion for the disfranchisement of Grampolind They,
had then pretended to visit withpunislanent this offena,
whilst the crime of the Noble Lord had been overlooked
on the very at-resod of its notoriety. Thee, for the same
offence, the House bad rewarded Sir M. Lope: with I
prison, and his Lordship with a blue ribbon. The
Worthy Reenact then adverted to Mr. Hohtoose
and, after station that a construction bad been put apes
his work which he bad not contemplated, and that
the work itself had arisen in :on:Nitrate of controversy
originating is a pamphlet published by Lord Erskine,
and purporting to bee debase of the Whip. Theta*.
Hr. Blebboose, had mrseeed his seetinmets with -a
view of advocating the cauce of the people of West mitister.
We regret that we have not time to do ample lestite
to this speech, which was received with the leedest ep-
plause throughout. Mr. Toirew tt.:. moved the Reso-
lutions.

The Funds experienced a further rise yesterday I
alters/ow. Consols :laving been done at 671 for the
account, buyers for a short time; there were
,venal considerr.ble purchases mnde at that
Fie--which occasioned the market to lo,ik
extremely wel:. This morning they opened at
1, and hare clecrned to 671, which is now about
the rice; there is no particular todure at present
:.n the market, there being nothing particular doing.

A decree has been issued at Buenos Ayres, for-
b:ddien; every Eetropean Spaniard to leave the
country without a special license, lender the penalty
of the confiscation of Isis property,
A regelotion kr the encouragement of priva-
teers.—All nent-al vessels engaged in the service
of the Government of Spain are to be consi-
dered as Sparish property. Privateers are to be
:.honed vas half the vnlue of Spanish vessels of
r r led tra.e.ports captured and seitik at sea, and
:, e dollars for every cannon so taken. Prizes
iseougpt iuto port shall be five of duty, and a
beauty of Illy dollars allowed for every prisoner
bre mild in. Another decree prohibit% the expor-
tation of salted provisions, and every species of
grain.
The itepresentatives arc paid by the various Con-
gressional districts in the different provinces, ex-
cepting the three last, which are partially tinder the
jurymen: of the Spaniards. In consequence of which.
their Representatives are paid at the tale of Pto
dollars per month, out of the national treasury. but
this sure to be hereafter refunded by the provinces.
Economy seems to be the order of the des, the
Awn of the various depsetnsente, clerke. lee. to i
the weber of 121, have been diminished to 77,
and the amount of their salaries 81,907, dollars,
has been reclined to 48,550, a saving of more than
2LOOO dollars.
Every preptiratioo is making for define iu case
of a twaidable attack by the Spaniards. The Be-
thh have evidently changed their conduct towards
ibise:sentry; whether it proceeds from dislike to the
=ace of settled order and stability e. Inch the
sent has assumed, or to its republican form.
1 know not. Their Consul has been recalled, but lie
is meth liked here both by the natives and by the
British merchants. A National Bank has been
established, but conaideriug the prejudices of
,tee phople :against WP money, what success
it will have 1 ant at a loss to conjecture ; you
will be surprised to hear, that Arch+, who was
banished for a time to the United States, and
Lltyd the newspapers there with abuse againt this
goverupsent, is now writing in its support, and
mese of those who assisted in circulating his wri-
tings, stow come in for a there of his censures.
Rattans (Ast.t), Ante 2.—Priyate letters from
*atom woollen t:so recent discovery of a plot
Odds pap laid there, the object of which was to
Mb*, wit% a body of some llundStotr-of sowers,
We trams at Poona and Setters, to seize the Corn-
missioner,
and to overtone the British authority.;
'The On was so ill-concerted, however, that it was
detected before it could be brought into effect.
Three of the ring-leaders have been blown from
the muzzles of cannon at Poona, and the principal
see, hoop /Avg, has been placed in confinement
for his life in the Port of Batters.
11CDINBUSAIR, DLc. 13.—Letters received from
Glasgow this morning, state, that every thing re-
mained quiet last night, and that from the number
of troops that had arrived, and were coming into
ibe city, little apprehension was entertained of the
power to crush any attempt that might be made at
insurrection.
A Prerlsesation by the Lend Provost ant Magistrate a
of Glasgow we; iatat'd on Steal tv. It states, that they
have reaaon to believe, that on Monday, or same other
silk day, large betties of disaffected and ill-disposal
pl or:t intend so assemble in the vicinity with arms, and
t•ffetrise neapoas of • .rime hinds, and intimates that
the felagistre.,ve art :stilted to resist all legal assc.n.
Wiest's, VT.. ry aunt. ... it pnzer, awd warns the lora'
at.d well nispes.Nl i. r..n., n in their houses, kg the le-
noceat sl..mld lie e0nt,,,:...1ed with the guilty, in the
event of strong measures b.:ling necessary.
On Sunday 1.• teeing a temp of the Nlltl Lothian
Yeomanry mar seal from the Riding School for!
Hamill„ Di rite; '' -; time the:- were assembling 1
a cor.:.:..ers' crowd was collected, composed
Mostly of boys, who hooted, and in tome instances
three snow-balls at the gentlemen ; a conduct
- which, we arc sure, was confined to the very dress
•of the consols-inky --(fedi mkstrftla Ev.Courant.)
• Lisps, (eiee O'CLOCK. e. ss.), Drc. 13.---I have
• the satisfactioe to state, that the Nleeting- of Re-
formers int:nested to have been held this day at
Bierneley. and which had created so much alarm as
to bring down the lord Lieutenant Insist I.is Parlin-
incutary definite town, and caused almost as much ,
n.ilitnry propandion as if an invadini enemy had
leen on oar shores. had beet postpoued eine die.
Lvery precar.tion had been taken to prevent the!
I: Idle pc:teo horn being dkterbed. It is reported
li here, that we Me to have the additional prone:non
ef 1;100 more regular troops, who are forthwith to
emend to this town.
The Durham and Mid° Cayslty arc now on
duty in Durham.
'three companies of the Veteran: st,"::s: from
Leith on Smicluy, sled other three c .liti.v.tiiei Lre
to sail is-day.
One hundred of the lit Regiment of 1 eintiteers
recounted gmard in the Castle at I::,:inttee.;te in Ski-
t: :day. The sane number arts to in mutt ;;:•nrd
every day till the return cf the troops from the
west country.
A detachment. eensistinr of al con two hundred
• men of the Ist regiment of loot Guards, are on
their march Rom Chatham fur Portsmouth.
A considetable quantity of etnnon has been
lately deposited In Dover Castle, collected from
various parts, and on Tuesday an order was given
to drop the hridge at the new et:trance of the Cas-
tle in future at seism o'clock :u the eve:Mew.—
/A', '.ties Gaartts.)

AN ADDRESS TO BRITONS.
Britons eLom the brace ra•sere,
Britons braze %horn ,{Santa star;
Cheek upir:iewes site cal r r,
And defend y‘ur liberty.
Bol.lly claim Invaded rights.
Sere your Pries* from sordid sb 'shin ;
Pere's the dame that l condom lights—
:4c NI die for liberty !
dhow the vile nowping slate.
He, In Tall shed Jestlcebente;
Prow his yoke tour children seer.
.l'oke of impionstranny.
Continental Puler: cooldn'd,
Seek, to self-dedrection
To enchain the free-born sand.
To establish tyranny.
Spaniards bore repine In ekaho.
O'er the Geneses terror reigns!
O'er the Prussians' wide destine.
Reigns triengiant slavery !
Shill the sons of frusilow's land
Sole this vile detested hand.
OHM end 3—b'shand
Fern the Oates of slater) ?
Shall the sowed and power :Bite
'to destroy a Briton's right

Net eedeve posterity.
Lewin gesellleg Spaniard Imes
The barb'roe* Rissian Freedoes foe,
While the vital fame shall glow.
Yon will coact:yr and be free. .
Spurn the eseditated yoke !
Revenge the sangulanry stroke!
Oa cppremiun's heed invoke
The escagiog arm of Liberty !
The your brave Defenders fat:,
Chains nor dueveons can errtl,
!4.rn who proud t Honour** cell.
John the eased of Liberty.
Ileatras retributory hand,
Shall arrest each tyrant bind.
Stulll renovate each prostrate lan•l,
Aad Europe shall one. more twiny.
Britons whom the brave revere !
Britons brave atore t rents fear,
Uteck oppreaeioa'• utld career,
And defend :soar Ilbert.
George Street. Plymouth,
Sth Dec. 1119.

A numerous Meeting of the (reamen of the C;Ly
of Hereford took place on Monday last at the
White Lion, Oxford-street, Colonel Foley, M. P.
in the Chair. The Member for Hereford, R. F.
Scudamore, attended the Nesting ; when, after a:-
animated address from the Chairman, the Meeting
resolved and signed a declaration to support, at
any future Election, none but sn.a who were fa-
vourable to a Reform. The Meeting ce!.nrated
highly pleased with the political conduct of R. P.

ZIGENCIE
Dual., Doe. IL...Arrived the 'Sleets, &dialog, frau
Philadelphia; Duke of Cambridge. Ssewart..freas AM-
mildest fed IM. anditawirth. Damon, frentliori
castle for JlMMles.—Caine dews from the Rife the
Druirds. Rohl, lad Kann, Shalespaar, for Jamaica;
and Ossian. Blank, for Triesta-.-Pat back the Peace,
Dowland, for Ant!ra.
PosirsuorTu. Drc. Ur-Arrived the nate.
Collins,
from St. Anchsro.--'.7hi*.ed the Cm Pallemsos. for Radl-
burEh: and Louisa, 110-thetkhre haeseerp.
Pr.rtorrt., Mc. '4.—Amited Ste. ?kitty, Tozer,
from New:san.:'eu..... is SW (lays, with lois of fore-yara.
and part of i•CT Fargo thrown overboard.
rALvtn-r-O6:-.1:4,-....irriveti the hasty Louisa packet,
from the Broils; hst Nona ectily.—Sail4 the Wel3ng •
ham park mitlt mails .fist the !tiediterrastems ; and
the Fs::::., Lour!, far' Lisbon.
f ~.e.T.KIIITII.IIa:. .i.--Arriresithe Dolphin. Rictinin.
from Lisbon, for Anta erp. with loos of leeboartli. sai s,
art very I.iley it is supposed tt.tr cargo is damaged.
Yeauoura, lit .15.—The British Qtteen.llNotis, Eros
I Newcastle, got on there last eight on this beach. .

The colloviing is a copy of a ktter poeod at
Lloyd's:
Treasury Chambers. Dec. VI. Hll9.
C^.^4?LitilllN,—lse Lords Commissioners of Hie Ifs-
iastx'artazos y havinghad under 0-onside ratiJo pour Re-
port. dated 'IS inst., on a represensaticui frims 'fir Chair-
man of the Coto mi 1 tee for managing i h... affairs of Lloyary.
respecting goods SilVtJ from versvis ii reeked flit their
homeward voyage, I have it in couuttal to authorise
I you to extend the indulgence granted by she Letter from
this Board, of f.'2,1 April last, in respect to wrecked
goods outward bound, to goods salvedsame from wrecked
vessels homeward hound. under the precauti
and on sufficient security beiug given that the salrom
shall be satisfied. This indulgence to be fur one year;
and, at the expiration of that period. yea are to report
to my Lords whether it has been attended with soy in,
jury or danger to the It e. I ant. be.
(Signed) S. R. LUSHINOTON.
•
Commissioners Customs.

Letters received by the Mail yesterday from No
Janeiro, mention the markets in South America tb
be so glinted with English asannhetered vale; as
to reader them perfectly unsaleable, even at a
price to cover the freight end inweanco. .
Extract of a private letter from Pettis:—" The
Sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, is which the
validity of M. Gregoire's election was tried, was
cousidered of such importance, that the progreis
o! the debate was transmitted half hon7ly to the
irIDS; all the Ambassadors bad ageros :here( to
tithe an account • ths.proseedings, and we tenni
that Sir Charles -' gypped dm departure of
the displacing two. seder .to. send the &l-
evant to Lotd ' tine would have
thought that tlie • of Fraiscesde-
.
pouded on the decielmar to Snobs of to
were less violent thin • • • Isceasioe.
Lasky glisabeth etiiit • mows* to •
enjoy the copfsion a
Among the eight Peers iiitered to the ChatahM
by a new Ordonnateee, was thweval OASSINVI, who was
firs; raised to tie Peerage in ldl4, by Louis XVlttellot
was deprived of his dignity upon the second restoration
of that Monarch, by leaving taken bin seat in
I...tures Chamber in Isls. Upion the present .
be reised to accept the proffered favour of &fain MAW
him to his 'auk, saying, be did not recognise the legality
rf the arbitrary act he wlich, in it hail heels taboo
from him. w IC" said be, " I was thew watirortky
retain it, I am so still; 1 hare dose nothing slave to ft r-
feit my unworthiness."
The Monitf7v contains a Royal Ordonnance, die-
m!ssine; the Sieur Kordanct, the Aujenct to the
Macor of Brest, from his 61:nation, for having re-
fitmld to perform a marriage ceremony between two
p. moos who had complied with all the formalities
required by law.
It is truly said, that the most popular works is the
EnLrlitM Langone may, accoriiiag to modern dootriaos,
be set dews as libellous. We remember a singes* io-
ta

. _
Scildamore.
Stations are axed upon, and teleeare raphs to
form a commu- stame in point—'that incomparaldasidvorato.is Whom
be erected, without loss of time, to frm
efforts, above all others, the Press is inslehasil fie the
nication between Manchester and the metropolis. porches of freedom that it enjoys, 31r. Erskine, in defers/1-
'llx locks lied bayonets belonging to the West tog a china under prowaution for alibel, imotoil a see-
York Militia have been removed for safety from tenre or two from a printed book; he was taterreptral
Doncaster to the military depot at Hull. by a beamed Judge now no more (Mr. Justice Ballet).
Extract of • letter from ilelywell, dated the Ith of ' who said ' t was so defence of • libel to quote another sad
December :—" 'like collier. are reamed to work, with- Wednesday night, at half-Pa"' eleven, Lis a worse libel in support of it ; arm which Mr. Ersirloc
oat
any advance of wages from the muter). No odd-
Revel Highness the PRINCE REGENT arrived at tir:e. Ito the Jary, and said—from the abservetioe ef
chief has been done, save a few broken heads of the Cailton-liouse from Brighton. the tetanal Judge they mint acquit myelitis's, *ism he
constables, some of whom got drunk on duty, awl be- Yesterday Viscount CASTLEREAGH had en stadia saes that the work ander premocciou is not tio libellee;
caine assailant!. A company of the 7th Peet, boa secs of the peracE REGENT et Carlton-boom al the quotation I have made. academe% that %sista-
Chester, and the Mold Yeomanry Cavalry, marched in lion is from a work uaivetually acknowledged to be
The Duke of YORK went to Kew yesterday to
here, and order is completely restored. The cavalry go cll.:it-al noti)ority on the character of tee" British Co.
take the diversion of shooting.
how., to-morrow, and the inlet:try atop over the neat verninctit. It is from the pen of the immortal Luke.
inark-t-day, merely as a precantnm. Yesterday. Pnnc3 itEnenhn dined with the Sliail ii•.- condemn a writer who is (leaned out to go
Apvcatisastexr Earaaont.ix.i3v!—Lost or missing, Duke and D:ichess of KENT at Keraingtou Palace. the' mg:lt of that great and good man?
from the county of Markets, in,ou armed Radimls, atid It is said, that a distinguished Foreign Minister Mr. Wortley's speech in the Home of Cements
leu,noe from the eouitty of Nu: toutuberland. They were applied to the Treasnry for Itave to import till the on Wednesday night, haagiven to the approieltieg
1a..1 heard of on the l7th instant, at a pia.
called St. materials for a grand fele from France, dole free, meeting at Barnsley more interest thin we were
Stephen's, as can he sheeted by two very rzspeetable
, on ascoUnt of their superior beauty and chersehess! befoee disposed to attach to that timelier. As the
eitheises, but singe the they bare totally disappesrea. A __,
. modest request, but .t was properly feitlse:.i. 1 Les'-!ieutentint has felt it his duty to repair to the
It is strongly suspected, that the same ircemllary and
enemy of all sm ial op!er, niin made away with the 1 At fin o'clock on Tuesday night, his Royal Highness (seta :•f his Lientenantey partly on that aceeent, we
Lem atineti Radicals that attended the Newcastle meet- Prince Leopold, atteniled by Colonel Addenbroke, Oval net Nil, by our reporter, to attend the meet-
ing last October, aud thp " almost open rebellion" con- I entered the !louse of t'entnons for the purpose of 1 ins is cek-stien, end to make the public aereutinted
!invent thereon, is the seacsaler of the articles above '
.being present at the debate. A seat watt provi- wlth al the ineannation arising o'it of the proem*
mentioned. As they Ea. be of no use to any 604 Y bet dal for hint in the front of the Members gallery, at 1 logs of-thia (mittens day. H:ipiile, the clause in
the present Admiristration, soy one giving inMrinotion th •
e right of the Speaker, from which he stirveyed : eg. se:titian tileetiogossel for preventing the et-
%lsere they way be found, to the Secre:a77 of the flume
the proceedings nt the House with much attention. sentintsee of oon-resident reporters, has eco. yet be-
Department, so that ell traitor my be plirhille4 sc-
cording as the laws new eravtine may direct, shall be his 1414 litEhlleaa was dressed in foil mourning, CVIC a pat' et the law of the land ; and we hope
rewarded with a n Blue h.Mhon." and we were glad to see him look in excellent :Nip:errs. rt *he mercy of whose parliamentary
The affair of Sir Janie! Crawford was broug,ht , boalth. He remained until a late hour. Lord Tr ili• :.ties tlie c-ntstry now Fes, will have trod!}
on Wednesday last, before the Cnrrect:onal Tri- ; Castlereagh occasionally nine tip to Priem Leo- ; tion enengh io leave ripen ti door for the alett:sum
an It presents nothing interestirtg in itself, i pold, and point out to him the principll characters ;of this most %right (11. m of bls , 11:aiest-fs ribjecta.
as it turns simply upon the question, w:;eo.lter Sir lin the House. This is, we believe, the secoed visit j L'e owe our country nnntber,Mi..N4.-o7rtiv, u kind-
James beat the servants of his untie, or was beaten :of his Royal Highness to the House of then..Co. nses ter his services on this heed.--{
by Mr:-
by them. Some scandal was hoped kir, bet Sir • The first was soon after hh. marriage with
James said little. He confined nintsel to apply- 1 mooted PrinCeA Charlotte. ! Ihe frost has been so intense at gaweastle, that
jug some forcible eettlictii, quite in 'l!5 he , Green-room report speaks highly of the new the 'fyists wsi !sorer over on Friday morning; end
st‘ le, to the names of the Cmontei n ci'Orsay mad
the 1 Comedy in rehearial at Drury-lane 'l'heatre. aril ct. Flnterdey and i:luntity, Butte were several skates
Duke de Ouicite.—(Parin Par.) ,ir.tt, which is east the whole comic strertg di of the . crone:
We are sorry to learn that Lord BROOK::: is Tr-v i company. , the once celebrated York ire Pie-
. - I
seriously indisposed ut Brighton ; his Lording) .:; , Incledon is now singing at Liverpool, from which , banter, us.: who had for many years tilisherrn
attended by Sir 111Arrut.er TtruNEY, and Doctor ! nort be onre more intends crossing the Atlantic, the. B:ir.)lisni rocks in that
county to the ogthes of
BANKIIE&D. for the United states of America. . Oat romantic and stupendous acenety„ died it few
frr.-en a r• Of gmead, be-
A gentleman Of the nine, of Pettit, has recently A young gentleman, a iitit've of Edinhergh, days ago in the 05th Yea. rof bin
_age) _
translated into linglils. th., .Ifarrestor.ion. of SO- alfit,lle age dues not exceed le years, has ap; • areal Lord A nerf3:l has
omit NV etsh 'rele.s. who
hal n t"' tent: !Writ Ile at the 'theatre of that city, ii, Or., aoloti.os co ;:crosier! cier ! !erten the new mid old t ritices ..t .Vir, on v.h;e'a
amusement and admirattnn -0* ttn •Ja'."..-.. - f :110e5.7.1 07 ItuAard the Th:eil.witi! new!. 1). -.
40.. t. ,
~,,....,ge . 15 to be er,....,4 a ho.etboise :co., .mit.ot Id the wee
Wises. I csiiiinatun tt.i ..:: ai.t.n. i G.. err of Brr.•s, :be ^• set: put. t.
.
