-,- ~... •v.

.

lesii4l de- -r- r'llielh
poor the Neat l'itritlairblic Atibeitiieit lit tic lajm Lird Collweettetetfas 9 11.11 seldom or never
~_
• I
ii, A eubseriptioisles -beets opened at.Chariesiown, been introduced into &tektite, al at once. It mutt
(S. C) to raise•a eueoter.tho purple, of patelitasittg be introduced by-stowderees, and, as it were.
step .
. 1
a.swortl, Or service of plate (as may be thOeinsined by step, lest the peep** ihould see its approach.—
Kele), to be reallated •aP Capt. Rvejl, foe *FM: The *dors and !elites of the people's liberty must
bepleeked up one by one,and some plausible pretence
lantry in the lit. seepissat with die itelf,ish frigate
• le I.-
Guertieres
.
. -.' • - must be timid for removing,or hoodwinking, out after
.. ,
Useareartirn Poplefit.toieo-The Ewe Jost& t.enother, those seetries, who are posted by the Conatit u.
detiounce every federsyst..that is opposed to the 1 tion of a free couutry for warning the people.of their
elee'ion of Mr. Celwrestr.' It is notorious, that oat I danger. When tkeae preparatory steps are once;
a Federal Paper in the Union, iu the pay. of
,tali made, the People'mlstthen, indeed, with regret, is.
aforesaid Junto, is hostile to the New lett. CNA.- ...itleseey apd arbitrary power making long strides over 1
date. Every petty scoundrel of their.party is tied. `land ; but it will be too late to think of preventing •
ferous in eulogising the supposed merit if. de apis. i'ortavoidieg the impending rain."—Corruption, thus I
tate. Even an ;his a Seno.ence, ii,wwitivir, : ' stealing imperceptibly, and making inroads into the 1
and a WaLen, hare condescended ildisc%Rime. kb ~ wisest establishments, like a disease, becomes in
teals. The patriotic followers of Wow:Naves time alarming ; and the accumulating poignancy of
bare sat themselves op to auction, and they havelitiel I the disorder, induces the patient to have recourse to;
purchased for a less 'price than West India planter; '; some* effective remedy, so nothing but overcharged
pay for their negroes.. Snore of the fedenire4;4lwression will induce the people of this.country to'
neralissimos have been reentries!, cash in bads'—:ttisosperate for their mutual benefit. The political dig- :
soma with the promises of ofice,,and some wilb the 'order must become escessive find intolerable lit efore
hopes of a British alliance—thus the world goes.— "•the common 'interest, in a Constitution like ours, will
The Junto are conscious 'of their Intitience and: be compelled to apply the remedy ; but when abuses
power, and use it to the destruction of the **ides ' krow to a certain pitch the society must go to ruin,
rights. But let them betties :1 the awaken-ea ten. 'erlnnst attempt reform. The English people sel.
geance of the Arnericew'pedple•itill crush' thiti'es. dons viewing their errors.fill they are felt, all• their
rectations, and bud *bee into a gulph of hoirde.._,Luak•bottited reason cannot stionsiete. a !lease.. their .
despair. ~ . • .....ae '''.-o-- •• - ll._._ Onstage to 'action tilt-the paint of" sufferftig at::
I,i• - . ••• / r,-• ;to
..-_,...4.-.: 27
0. rives ; and though the miseries which they are forced
Creme Tut wyrrottare trereittetecea, Silt 111 to endure, may be equal Or greater than those of a
BRITISH NEnOctATIOR. - .
I " ' despotic Government, yet they naturally bear the •
A letter from Unlit's, of the 9th inst. NO, "Sir
calamity with greater patience, knowing that they i
Jour B. WAxasu is momentarily expected here with
are their own oppressors, and that their, misfortunes
fire sail of the line and a number of frigates. it is .
originate among themselves. Therefore, in this awful
understood that he is . invested with powersto nego.
situation orl our affairs, when the people see them- ,
elate and conclude a Peace with your Government,
selves gradually deprived of those.rights which, in ,
or if you will toot come upon terms with him to nu•
social life are most natural and unalienable, and
,
kennel the dogs of war against you." i
witness impositions no lessdisgracefullind oppressive, i
geere—is Sir B. W. coming nut in the character '
daily exacted almost without mercy and modera..
of Mr. Copenhagen JAcesos, to negotiate a Peace? lion. The spirit of industry being neglected,.and
Will he demaild the surreitil,.r of eve tight little ' t
the narrow maxims of the War Ministers having I
nary, together with the abandonment of one impres- , •
precipitated the nation to the brink of obrious ruin I
sod seamen, and the right i
nf navigating the ocean , i
it becomes the duty of a free l'ress to publish the I
as the terms upon which Peace is to be procured. lf
, true situation of the country, which can - only
So the mutt may be easily foreseen ; but if. he comes be
displeasing to those dark and designing rene.
in a real spirit of amity, the impediments can easily
gades also sacrifice their columns for base lucre, and
boremoved
••• ..1 1..
. .
sordidly renounce their principles to accept of the
rtRON 15111 lIALITAj Panes or Trig 2o att.] wages of prostitution ; and with unblushing guilt ;
I:Atrta Ctosns, Ktiaseow, Atm. 29.*This cuter upon the work of iniquity, representing a I
'morning arrived in this pert his Majesty's ships Ben. ' despotic oligarchy as a well-regulated Government,
an enlightened people as a rebellious faction. ,
gel, George, Earl Moira, and Prince Regent, with and
There is no slavery so truly debasing to a human 400 prisoners en board, and General HULL, Corn.
isionilant at Detroit. • , being as the slavery of the mind. When a man's
Mowtsva.; Seri. 7. .4.f ter the surrender of thoughts and his sentiments, as far as his obi-
- I
General llut,L's army, General Bunt called titg.liss will permit, are cenditioned for,
.and ..em
American Militlit toiMerlittid-inlil them tiiat her ,plojed in the degrading drudgery of flatter- ,
could now send them to such a distance that thei•riag, and gilding over the crimes of avaricious
would not return to their homes during the war, and rand unprincipled power, in such a state of
perhaps might never see them again ; but that
ho,ifmental depravity there remains no disgrace to lower i
-
wbhed to give them a proof of English generosity,la man, either in his own esteem or that of others.— 1
end that they had leave to go, return each to. Ms own i The ignorant wretch who joins the legions of a
%eine, and he had only to request them to tell their tyrant, and vainly presumes that he acquires honour 1
attighbeurs how they had been treated by the English .and glory by the massacre of his fellow-creatures, is
with_
dogs. It is said that many of the Militia, from va- an Angel of Light, when compared the MONSTER .
oleos impulses, shed tears at bearing this address. `.wise, regardless of every principle of honourable feel-
We are informed, that on Thursday afternoon ; ' ing,and in defiance of comps. TIN inn,hecomes the pitiful i
flag of truce arrives direct from Washington, with ' paliegyrist of a protligat,. Admi:Ost--.:i .11, Treading ,
dispatches for Ms Escellesicy the Governor-General, mischief and destruction it, rougi.out or, .
_.- ,o inch of
who is absent on a tour through the district. The the Government. ' Among those! • --, i silo prosti- I
contents have not transpired. . !tides none has exhihiu..d a mer.. .., rii.... 'thetas-tent 1
[most Tux otprroo mate 911 THE 24 or °Moine.] • to corruption, and per(everril wt.... ;,,,re studied and I
Arrived on Sunday kit, Ms Majesty's ship St. . unprincipled hypocrisy ti a.l tne P taprietor of the ;
Domingo, RewAdmiraf Sir *ham B. Wanneo, • Courier, once the POPIMAR iczkaasom and SWIRL-
,
Capt. GILL ; Poidiere; Copt. Sir Jouy P. Braes., watt: to the Friends of the.Peopte.
lone, from l'orhinonth; •
INV AIrrOY. . Dispatches were this' Planting! no died at the Fo-
Lawstwatioaecas, Stier. 21,—The fear of our in- : reign-011ice, from the North. coast, Of!Sphilii ; they
sluices from Canada, appears to have passed by : a : are stated to be of an unfavourable **We.
.The
Gentleman, who recently left Montreal, informs veal' French armies are said to be 'Jemmies; 111 ewes air.
that a few days before he left there, Governor PRE. &rent directions, in great force.
slob? issued a General Order, forbiddini the tiro 1 'lt i
- . is reported this naming, that his Pities. ty's ship .
of either Province from crossing the Rue, under any „Brawn has been lost ; bet no such accounts have
pretest whatsoever ;'but, ai • the same time, assiiiiw heep•pecrivodatalie Adesipity.• • - -", i
them that be should diertete every inch of groped,' fie bailing of the .Etna has bean "dpagtia . Gen.
should the Province be'• invaded by the Gritted Ifs .I.Or leaves omit to.morrow, to embark is het at i
States. We are further ii;funned, that the lAritiih, Portsmouth, for Bombay.
All that the Coon of-Ressia demanded from Eng.
in the adjacent territory, are preparing every land in the way of suerout was anus, of-which there
means of defence In tbeir•power, and obstructing the is a lameutable deficiency in Russia. It does not .
roads with timberiand faik-i, trees, by placing booms say much for our alacrity or vigour in the co.opera-
across the Skaltollki •t the Lake, and constructing tion, that it is only now that the supply of arms is to ,
batteries to ;enamel tbim. They appear to appre- be sent.
The letters from Sweden state, that the expedition
bend that as invades is soon intended, and. are dc.
from thence is abandoned, and that the troops are
termieed to omit no assails calculaterilloreped it. '
I ordered into winter quarters. They likewise men.'
......ass.- ' tion has a report;that the Merl have declared war
Nothing can more mapnifestly show us the wretch- against the Court of Steettl",- The pecuniary 1
.
• • 'nation which le'vreek Government, - when 1 necessities of Deuntaik were so great, that the Tree.
. -.sett by Reeeseity; Wittier* recourse to, than the : sore had issued notes under- the value of an Englishl
oief.l scummy which Ministers and their low de.. I farthing, on which were inscribed, that counterfeit. 1
i..c.ataats daily tircodate is the columns of their'] Leg them would incur the penalty of death.
~..- - .The detachments of heavy cavalry, consisting yen
, r .utats, against those who peblisfy expose the .The
from the 341, 4th, and Mb Dessoen.Gnevelefl
ruinous and setfiateresterbpoticy of their measures, and ist, 2d, And 3d Dragoons, are on their mint
by exhibiting the ileploralde coalition of the people, to embark for the Peninsula, to join their respective
and the hopeless prospeet of may amelioration or regiments. .
redress. Errors, aoaseasimPhy authority,-are cited It is reported,• that pieparsdoes ere leaking at
as inconteatible adorn et Government, by which Portsmouth; for theaeasesmodation of. the Russian
means the people ere *Aim Fleet, which is expected:from the Baltic before that
into a state of system- sea
be closed by the.frest.. •
atie slavery. The Rtigilsh.Coestitution being built COUNTY or ArTlllll EstlintleX.—On *Cedar"
aspen experieoce ..red .reetion, -which alwa ' -o Memberirof Parliament
its appearances hastereeniocessantly ijable'
sine of unprincipled amide% us intempere
Nom these sourtim,beelieldieiestleetilai
tansies aid dangers that sow threaten
annihilate one of the finest fabrics that
stitated by human wisdom. " Arbitrary power,"

.., '

fo► die

unanimously elected.. .

lt-• be made?

. ,

i

J-. .

4a.1

• - ESM.
THE STAT AN.

T., -;;

,

RIVAL xrcF:LE4Ntli

I • TO THE EDITOR OF THE STATEEMW. - '••.-
I Sty=-1 obtthat- your tedaceons darrespon-
dent, the "'a," has opened upon a Mr.
Gt..insTostr, of whom the Dumfries, .414, oth`er
...,t,
eminent Journals> speak very differently ;.in,-u'oth,
Sir, they make all the mention of him that can gra-
' tify the an Lion or sanity of mem—for, Sir, they
tell us, that he went to Cast% from Liverpool in his
~ own coach—his own open coach, Sir—and that,
Eli Al, own coach, hi; own open coach, Sir:, he
I returned to his house,—his own house (open
house, Sir), in Rodney-street—that in his own
open coach he went to• and fro,—l beg par-
! don—fro and to. This correction is necessary, lest
' your Correspondent, the OYSTER, who, by-the-bye,
is an odd fish, having opened upon Mr. GLADSTONE,
Imight (and this would be ten times worse) close up-
ion me. Two orators of rival fame now claim the
• public attention—now divide the public respect, the
public interest, and admiration. The coincidence is
amongst the most remarkable events, even of the
very remarkable and astounding events of the times.
The one from North, the other from South Britain
—the one on politicd, the other on dramatic repd-
tation—the one from a Theatric, the other froth a
Coackinw.—The Russ:owl the GLA.lNTOlMiliteltel
cum paribus facile congregantur ; bat, as 1.411 the
import of this passage, I must do the Buses= the;
justice to say, non toque omen egret, and yet it',
must be owned that this is not often the case with's
North Briton. I feel myself now most craelty sus-
pended upon the antlers of a dilemma. I desire to'
offend neither of these Gentlemen—the one i Gen-
e tieman by profession, the other professing himself a
Gentleman, yet tea to one I offend both. Well do
ll' remember a state of equal doubt and difficulty
upon as occasion of equal interest and importance.
kATERICLTO—Dcdor KATtartuto, Sir, and his
1 black cat, ranged the country, and close upon their
heck went an itinerant orator. Their advertise-
ments, as luck would have it, were popped into a
Provincial Paper, jig by joie. The indignant orator,
with ail the fire of his profession, protested against
this indecent outrage. Bless me, exclaimed the poor
stupified and confounded Editor, what a sad job is
here ! what a terrible mishap is this !!! How easily,
said he, a man, wile the best intentions in the world,
may offend tree (he did not include the cat) of his
best friends; for, believe me, Sir, aye, Sir, just this
very moment, Sir, was the Doctor here—bin face,
like his phosphorus, lighted up with the first breath
of the morning air, exploded—flung in my face a
tolley of curses, ponderous as fifty-six pounders,
for putting him and• his rat alongside such .a (1---:d
quack *e ynti---he sakt, Sir, yeS",- inctAl, Sir; 'hi
said, Sir, that von is ss—no conjuror; upon which
I was thrown into a fit of convulsive laughter, that
left not untouched
Highgate, Oct. 21.

A MUSCLE.

f

AP

- -

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

• • - •
PLYMOUTH, Ocr. W.—Came. in the Melpomene
frigate, with fleet of transports from Lisbon;
Boyne, 98, and Tigre, 80, from off Brest; Sterling
Castle, 74, and the 44e/sates gun-prig, from a croize.
Arrized the Horario, Tozer, from Guernsey ;
sailed about 14 days ago, in company With the Gam.
bier, when about five or six leagues from the 4tart,
fell in with a French privateer, that boar* the •
Gambier, but she only having ballast in, sufferLd her
to proceed. The privateer was quite new. •
On Friday last, the Pilots at Cawsand discoverer)
a Swedish brig near the F.Jdystone, with a flag
for a pilot, when two or three Wats immediately put
off, but when they approached within two mil •s,
they saw a large armed brig board her, which th‘,y
supposed to be a French privateer, as the Suer) •
ship hove about, and stood out to sea. A-cont
10 sail left here the same day, under convoy of
Barbara.

YAR.SIOUTII, OCT. 427.--Sailed the Primrose,
off the Texel; Thrasher for lielllostud; and
British Fair for the Hum! er.

MAIL 'ROBBERY. • •
•. .
We ire !Ivry to annouitce one of thn stinat elfieTt •
sive robberies of the mail that havewccurred si tee
the establishment of mall-Coaches. • When the filet
of the robbery reached the Exchange yekli'tliV. it
got into general circulation, and rrliliced t consi-
derable degree of alarm throughout the city. The
.deposition of the guard was taken at the M:rnsion-
bouse. The examination was priva.o ; of ci.ursc the
paiticulars have not been suffered to iransiii re ; but
we understand, that on Monday iiiAht, while the
Leeds mail-coach was proceedimc at a sharp, pace,
between Kettering and iligliam-Ferrars, the coach-
man spoke to the guard ; and tint being able, or pre-
tending not to hear what he soid in answer, re-
'vested that he would lean forwards over the coach.
The guard did so, and continued about rive minutes
'ln conversation with him ; when, on resuming his
seat, he found, to his astonishment, that the lock
of the lid of the hind part of the coach, where the
bags are deposited, had been forced. Ile instantly
ordered the coach to be stopped, and communicated
to the driver the extraordinary occurrence flint had
taken place, and his suspicinns that most se, jou= in-
jury hid been suvained. • The coach having pulled -
up, the guard and the coachman proceeded to
mine the repository of the mails, and missed 'no less
than 16 ba,,s, viz.-
11141ifax, of the ll3tll Ches'erfield, or the ffSth
Bra 'ford, ditto idanstl•td, delis
Leeds ditto Nittliugh4m, of tlie 2ri.h ,
Wakefield, - ditto Mrltua tleatiray, dill°
Illaddersfietd.. ditto °ultimo' ditto
Barnet:ley, ditto Upi.itig•tatn, lu..
Sheffield, ditto Kettering, • •
Rotherham, ditto Tarapstone,
The only nags 4hich. arrived weir. ass - •
Ferrars, Hitchin, and Bedford.
The LORD MAYOR Sent Of Police Offic..rs t.
directions, to apprise the bankers its Loudon anis
Westminster of the robbery, and to stop such per- .
anus as should present bills and drafts of payment
from the towns whose mails had not reached the
Post-Office yesterday morning; printed circulate
were also forwarded by post to every post-town in
the United Kingdom for the same purpose.
It will perhaps be recollected, that a few years ,
ago the Leeds mail-coach,ln its progress from town,
was robbed near Barnet; but it being the evening of
a Fast-day, there were scarcely any money or remit-
tances in the bags. Ch s the present occasion, the
amount is said to be great.

.....--,__
Eighty thousand stand of arms are to be sent to
the Baltic with the utmost expedition.
The Patent, from Jamaica, which left that island
lon the sth September, brings a most melancholy ac.
[count that we hope is unfounded. The Master states
to his owners, that just before he left Jamaica, a ship
had arrived from St. Domingo, the crew of whichas.
i serted, that by a joint scheme of the partisans of
Peyton and ClittlSTUrne, all the whites and mulat-
toes had been massacred. Patton is himself a mu-
I latto, and we do not believe that these inveterate foes --------=
. to each other would have agreed on any such project.
W e underctaad, that a seat in Parliament has been In the night of Tuesday se'nni;ht some sillai is
broke inlathe dwellitig-house of the Rev.. Dr. VIII-
' reserved for Mr. Su zan:as, who will sit for a Be-Bo- I cent, Dean of Westminster, at Islip, and,stole sem?
rough in Cornwall. articles of plate, a quantity of wine, &c, The
fir FR INCIS Butterrehas announced his intention I
! thieves regaled themselves before they left the pre-
of withdrawing himself in future from alt Political
linises with some provisions and wine, wi!liout di..
Assemblies holden at Tavera4.l
Curbing any person in the house. Hitherto tho. of-
On Friday Sir Hoots H. D sLRYMPLE, Bart. was i
fenders Kaye evaded detection.
ielected Member or Parliament for the County of 1
yr-56 voted for Sir [luau, Fotir troops of the ht Regiment of Life Lased.
A
and 54 f"r Grint'ral I were on Saturday morning embarked at the .gaelte
MONTOOMMY. A protest was taken by the Gene. yard, Portsmouth; each troop consists of 73- men,
ral against the return, as four of his voters had been
including the Officers.
kept off the roll.
Last night as the wind blew very high, and the , NEWCASTI.S.i Oci.. 20:—The late change in the
lamplight m. of. Blackfriars Bridge was mounting his temperature of the.eir bas not . only been ohierved
ladder to light the third lamp from the Albion Mills,
I
1,11"Poii ritrA;Adot blew him over, and he was onfortu.i
here, but been !marked in i particular minter in - - •
siellnit
the western dietvitts' of the county. Out the Ilth • .
, nattily precipitated into the water. As he was yam, inst. the chaage-:sips snore sadden than we ever re•
ing he very audibly alarmed the passeiagers, but oot....i.member to balff liParientedl except after a
i withstanding the utmost alacrity of the boatmee to : thunder-stornst_end very rarely in tint ca.e. puititg
go to his assistance, the body could not be found , the three preqedlng days the weather was warm, eon•
! till animation must have been extinct. I siderinttthe rind the thermometer stood at
i • • FALstoern, OcT. 25.—Motlerate and 6ne wee. i 60 Steltrwe o'clock each day', in the shade • on
thee. Sailed his Majesty's ship Rule on a cruise. No i that slily the iiiiimoiteter was at 58 degrees, and fell
!.nrrivals. The licence of the American Imp mar.; to 45 degree; about six in the evening( which was a
,'rillr, now lying here having expired to-day, tie! variation of il degrees In hie lows; the wind, in
COmmanding Officer afloat has thought proper to i the me" tithe, Changed friar S. ti't'N' E. *‘bi° was
i followed by some slight showers; the cloudsgathered
seize her.
' The • llarbadars frigate was lost the 27th• ult. on i thickly round, and the darknMs Was very stitusatil,
Sable Island. Officers and crew saved. .i ailij every appearance indicated-a • thunder-gtvrtsio pc
ahL.
The American Papers, we underltand, brill/ on Ino great distance. The following merwieg.wita •
account of about 180 captures by their privateers ; and• the thermometer fell to 40 degrees, Anbicokii
we believe, however, that out of the 180, we already I
Labe names so-that '
the American account Is twice told. • I here for lower than it has been observed at the same lireepf
, the.day during the autumn. Yesterday (the lgiltir
e heard of two-thirds them by '
l the barometer was.lower thank has beep bbservel.
We hear that Tom Belcher is now inlreising more than twenty year% the mercury eland.
down at Liverpool, at the house of a Mr: S. tie leg a 1,283 inch"' ' ,
is backed to fight Dutch Sam in the CO4l/111: el a CORN.EXCLIANGC, OCT. 28.—Owing tat the state ..
few weeks. • A great number of the Gentlemen of ;of the weather, our market had hat a•shltrt supplfrti -i- , •
Liverpool frequent the house of Mr. S. to hAva the i trUall kind of grain ; and although the prices askea ~: :,-r.. .
.. •
:
gratilattion of seeing Mtn spar. l were the same as ou Monday, there is nothing doing,•
Roncarsost, the Frinch mechanist, has made a' buyers keeping cif until Friday. Th:. little Barley
I
speaking figure, which ha Calk the Phonorgotwo, which appeared went off at 2s. per quarter derer
and has painted mese Portraits, Which, tbough•on 4 than on Moseley. Oats are expected to decline in .
plane .surface, can move and seem endowed • with i the course of the day. . . . .• • .
apinsatirad, .. Wheat (English)..... 11S 140 Benno • lO3 100
At ' - e Ditto Vamp)
Ry .... ILO i.O Tiek do. - 71 3 ' .
• OO ti ' 01d.... ....-me.. teeltib,
, Dade! t . 66 63 Dot, 4.ais.,www,gl 1.111b110•.$ ~ . -' •
nms.iittse ~ is , ''oo n.r fine Alta .-.. 'oo 00 • - - !
Milt 94 101 Palatal&
White Peas
5 _
3
Plus (batters) l3O 140 Pntatoedo.
1 'New ditto .... ..... 00 00 Mae Floor
Grey peas .., 74 78 1 Betook ••. . .. 100 101 • .;
New Mite 00 001 /tape iteei ....... 460 Ai.
„,. .
.. . .

1,

+, ,tt

~J

•
• •
• •

[~ "i'

• ,

'UiitkL

.

~ .. .

t

- - - - -
ways changes 1 I.the election of two Misalsoei.f. Pisaiisminit for the -apimatiaa, .. . , :
Into the init. ! County of. Antrim took Ora* gattiekteesus. *rho . ... AA the kte Reehissfr (jai* sew.* owe.
rate anagtion. Mons. Col. OkNam4ria ilin)oo4,lht Jassita Loma, wasseastai.to Mrs. Baiter for her mnapatyrioLcot
IiACIIIIIIMUkted .F'sq•lsurilseuisf try_s „, MiCAnuiT*9 akedia" t* Perr'sfas ',Oil ilifiereta cciatif‘sirthet,
i
The oss.' use.Siarkas X 15113000131, SO : sipassaallasa the towersbokest and his up the interior of
to crush mud roomed- by miiiisiiss.A. Maittaaratest, Keg. sod se. the house so as to recta* all suraorsa women I! I
t was ever in-' conded by WILLIAM Mao. Esq. aid tiey vas both (bier& l'o whom, in dslabdal cases, is the appeal
t... 1.......5.3
