THE STATESMAN.

Jest pabllsbed, peke
rilllE L.kNeAsTF.RIAN SY?TCM NU..
g OLK.WOKK, where see Mistress beitb lacMtlell
ivre liuse i
rre tark ie an eeer end assarb, pas
cnatatuedl in Repo* of ihe Illise tied Pregame qf die School
rii
at
n ebb Ileettoillirdhd,bv ed/1
I„ bel,l%esesseer.
W 'tad
at tb Royal Fret Meek boeotwbovelk, See&
Ofk.

number of troops which have enlisted in the service
.of the United States, under the authority of laws
passed curing the present Session of Congress, de-
signatieg those persons enlisted for the new establish-
ment, and the particular corps to whick they are re-
spectively attached ; that he lay before the HOuse
a statement of the number of volunteers who
have tendered their services to the United States, in
conformity to the law passed at this Session of Con-
gress, authorising the acceptance of volunteers, de-
signating the states, and territories froni which such
offerPhave been made ; that he state what additional
Improvements to the fortifreations, or other works of
defence for our maritime frontier, have been made
during the last six months ; that he states, as far as
predicable, the actual state of such fortifications or
works, and the quantum of resistance they are cal-
lculated, to afford against an attack of any naval
•power.
[MERCANTILE ADVERTISER, JUNE 6th.]
(Front the Natteeda letelligeneer of Tiesday.)
"It will be seen by a reference to the proceedings
of Congress, that a Message was yesterday received
from the President of a Confidential nature. Accom-
panying the Message were sundry documents, em-
bracing a correspondence between Mr. RUSSELL and
the British Government, much in the spirit of all the
late correspondence in the same quarter, which we
shall present to our Readers in ournext : as they were
not deemed to require secrecy, and were, by the Se-
nate, ordejed to be printed. Of the import of the
1 Message, we cannot pretend to speak with certainty,
and every Reader who reflects on the course of mea-
sures of the present Session, and the various Indica-
tions of the sentiments of the Executive, is as com-
petent as ourselves to conjecture its contents.

- LAW OF DISTRESS.

i'possibilities, and too brave to submit without resist.
once. The Irish Monsieurs will affard any degene-
rate Englishman abundant examples and ways of
spreading discontent and disaffection ; of withdraw-
ing the mass of the people from the Government,
the Law*, and our glorious Constitution. 'fliey can give
him his cue, and shew, from experience, how Franco
may be served by the remedy of distress, and Enp.
land be disgraced and injured ; how the exeraba of
Norman extortion may be converted into an instru-
ment, beneficial to the common enemy, not only by
harassing the bulk of the community, but by
perpetuating the conquest, and the memory of
I the French Conqueror, through this engine of
landlerds, sanctified, like Monkish cruelty, by
practice, bleached bones, and hundred% of thou-
sands of living wretches, who crawl about the
land, moving masses of vermin, filth, and rags. Are
there net three millions, at least, of the Irish people,
whose only diet, at this moment, consists of old po.
tatoes, and who mutt live on them till the middle of
September, as usual ? to whom a sup of milk would
be a luxury, and a grain of salt a delicacy. We
charge these facts agaihst the landlords ; we call on the
monsters to deny them. But whatevei may be the
indifference of 44 ilia gay, licentious proud;" what-
ever the inhumanity of Irish proprietors and their
neglect of the general good, it cannot be supposed
that the Legislature will overlook a subject, involving
such deep interest as the remedy of distress, or per-
mit it to remain insulting and oppressing the people ;
much less to habituate themto French dominion ,and fa.
cilitate therebj the daring object of Bo MAPAITE, who
has claimed, like many of his predecessors, a right to
kingdoms on much slighter pretences than that of-
fered by thesovereign remedy of distress, belonging to
the conquest of French WI LLIAM ; or, in the language
of feudal law, " which (distress) is inseparable from
the reversion." Can it escape the notice of the most
avaricious landlord, that the very law of the country
is capable, under this remedy, of being interpreted
by'a French Casuist in favour of Boner,aien, if be
could once get a footing In the land ? Has he read
the page of law, or of history, without discovering,
that all the power of the CoNQUEaost was co n centmted
in this single remedy for internal and foreign pur-
poses; and has it not survived most of the feudal
services, with the catalogues of their atrocities ? But
we ask, for what purpose has it survived, since land-
lords have several remedies against their tenants by
the due process of the law of England? When tenants
are deprived even of the writs of anticipation against -
distress ? Does it not break down andlarbarise tho
mass of the Irish community ? Is it not hanging over
the heads of the people of England, like a drawn
sword, by a single hair; and when It falls, does it .
not fall with vengeance? It is so horrid, that no
principle or rule of law can coalesce with it in any
manner. But the Law of England is common sense,
1.15 Lex est summa ratio." It it-the very essence of
season ; 46 quad contra ralfonem est non licitunt."—
:Whatever is contrary to teason cannot be law. Let.
England hold by this law and she must triumph over
her enemies; let her give it to Ireland practical-
ly, and a million of invincible men would Ay to arms
in an instant,—to revenge even a look that menaced,
bee with insult.

In the midst of the difficulties which we have
to encounter, at this awful crisis, there is one consi-
deration, above all others, which excites the energy
and feelings 'of Englishmen; which animates them
in danger, and enables them to triumph over their
enemies. We mean the consciousness that they pos-
'seas rights, secured to them by laws, founded in
reason, and on principles of eternal justice. These
form the pride, the protection, and the Constitu-
tion of the people practically. When aggrieved, they
can repair to them, and claim retires,; when injured,
they feel that they shall be righted; they know !hat
justite will be distribute() equally, lied 'administered
to all without reserve, instead of depending, as is
the case in other nations, on the will of one, or on
the caprice of any. With this impression .on their
minds,, it is natural, that the question of levying
distress, lately entertained in Westminster Hall, and
decided, a few days ago, in a Court of Equity,
should have attracted public attention, and disap-
pointed the hopes of those who were not acquainted
with the subject. The contrast, however, that was ex-
hibited between genuine English law and Its substi-
tute, will console such .as venerate our own institu-
tions, and abhor the spurious system of foreigners.
The Tendlord distrained for rent, and Insisted on
payment its the coin of the realm. Thii took place
the day before Earl Sraxeore's Bill received the
Royal Assent. The tenant made a tender in Bank
of England notes, but to no purpose ; and on re-
fusal, brought replevin, alleging that he could not
purchase guineas without committing felony. Issue
being joined, the result of a trial at Common Law, as
well as of an application in Chancery, was, that " the
Courts could not confront this summary process,"
however vexatious, unjust, or oppressive its exer•
cise might be. Thus has it been clearly established,
that the remedy of distress still preserves its feudal
barbarity, and all the characteristics of its tyranni-
cal origin, unimpaired by time, and untouched by
civilization ; that its sway isnow paramount law, jus-
tice, and equity, as much as when it was first intro-
duced by W/ Lei AM, the French Conqueror, and cruelly
A letter received from Frankfort en the Oder, of
enforced-by his Norman followers and landlords ;
a very recant date, states, that, at the close of the I that it is fully as despotic in its nature at. this day,
communications between the Emperor ALEXANDER as when Englishmen had been stript of their proper-
and Boe.teArre„ the former, with a view to avoid ty, reduced to a state of the most abject slavery,
war, offeree. to lay a duty of 25 per cent. on all British and compelled to spread ding with their hands., as
manufactures and merehandize imported into his do- ,g
villains in
gross," on the soil of their forefathers)
I minions. This proposal was, however, rejected by "lang
I BONAPARTE, who insisted upon the unconditional ex- called demesne by French usurpers, who even re-
American Papers have reached us to the 13th elusion of the shipping Ind goods of this country fused to the natives the convenience of pitchforks.—
that from all the Russian ports. This degradation, I,owever, is practicable; hums-
JUIIC. 1 t will be s-en by the annexed extracts,
Captain the Earl of TYRCONNEL of the Ist Foot
in the house of Representatives, war against Great
Guars and one of the Aids-de-Camp to his Royal city may be outraged, and violence be committed
with impunity ; but. it was reserved for modern times
Litain was decided by a majority of 30 votes. We 5 Highness' the Commander in Chief, left town on :;a-
however, learn, by private leteers, that the proposal turday lost, it is understood to proceed on a mission to prove that, under the remedy of distress, one
was lost iu the Senate, bye majority of two:— to the head-quarters of the Russian Army. man may insist on an impossibility from another.—
it atiFTINGTON. Mat /9. It is said, that the dispatching of the India fleet IWe say impossibility ; for if the tenant had done
HOUR Fr OF REPRESENTATIVES. will be postponed to Saturday, the 18th idstas,t, un- what 'the landbrd hada right, it seenrsi- to demand,
After the disposition of some business of minor less the arrival of the homewanl-bound fleet, which is and did actually insist on, the former would be, ipso
importance, hourly expected, shall be announced at the ladia
facto, a felon. "To be or not to be, " i
Mr. Raxnoten, after House before Saturday noon. s a most serious
stating that he had a motion ii •
It is stated from Coro, under date of the 20th of i question ; and to this point, between heaven and
to make, commenced a speech, involving generally April, that there had been
repeated earthquakes felt I earth, was the tenant driven by our Norman reme-
the present state of our relations with France and at the Caraccas since the fatal one on the 26th of Idy. The " summary process"—the scorpion stung
Great Britain. When he had been speaking about March. On Sunday, the 19th of• April, a henry I with venom, distress struck with vengeance at the
an hour and a half, a question of order arose, and shock was experienced. The crew of a launch which
tenant, who instantly sought a remedy. lie appeal-
it was decided by the Speaker, that the Gentleman passed by Laguira on that day, felt the shock on the t
water : they did not land. led to the Law of England, he fled to the sanctuary
ought, previously to debating so much at large, to
Last night the Report of the Secret Committee of of justice and claimed protection—aid against French
submit his motion to the House; after which Mr. the House of Commons, on the disturbances in cer- tyranny. '
RetooLess submitted the following proposition— tab /Midland and Northern districts, was made by •• The Curfew toils the knell of parting day."
" That, under present circumstances, it is expedient to resort Mr. LLYCESTER. This document, after being laid u
to a waregaima Great &hats." on the table, was ordered to be printed; but a Re- nder these circumstances nothing was left for
And the question being taken, that the House do I port of it will be found in our account of the pro- him to do, but to submit to his fate and abide the
nut proceed to the eonsidiration of said Resolution,, ceedings of the House of Commons, to which we re- saleof his property. The Law of England and the
it was decided in the negative.—For the considers- feu our Readers. It is to be taken into the conside-. Judges drew back with horror, from the iontami.
lion, 37—against it, 82, and the Houseadjoerned. Wiens to-morrow. noting touch of this remedy; and protesting against
Mr. WILITBREAD last night, in the House of Corn.
[MERCANTILE ADVERTISER, JUNE 11.] its dreadful effects indulged in mournful• reflections
9
mons, stated, that he had abandoned his notice of a
Extract to tbs I. dimes, dated Washingtos, Jame 7.
motion on universal Toleration, upon an understand- on those times when French Jesuits insulted the pee-
The house of Reerresentatives have, no doubt, I ing with the CRANCELLon of the Excunueza, that a pie by pronouncing arbitrary judgments on theft)
passed a Declaration of War, by a majority exceed- 11 measure on the subject will be brought forward by a from English Benches ; when distress was French
ing SO votes. In this debate, the Federal Members ' 'Noble Lord (we believe the Earl of Liveaeooe) in conscription, French robbery, and desolation by
did not partieipate, on accounts as they said, of del the other House, in the course of the present Session.
Frenelmen ; when the father and husband were com-
closing of the doers; they are expected to make a i The House of Lords is summoned for Tuesday -
pelled, under the remedy of distress, to deliver up
formal protests- The question is before the Senate4 Next to the second reading a Lord HOLLAND'S two the virgin bride to the loathsome embraces of a
, Bills for the Amendment of the power of Ex-officio
at this lime, where, report says, it will be deflated, on French tyrant, and often obliged to witness the
!Informations.
the authority of Senator Gimes. 'Mere is no doubt I Parliament, we understand, Will be prorogued by prostitution. It is worthy of being remarked, in
but that the Admieistratiee can carry this measure— Commission, on Monday, the 10th instant. this case, that the landlord may be compelled to take
whoever thinks ofeersist., alas wrong. 1 wiu I The Bulletin, received yesterday morning
fru° - notes in payment from the purchasers of the distress
write you more fully in a fret days,. Wiudsory yas—" His MAJESTY slept, at IW:creels, six
on goods, though he may insist on the current coin
hours and a half, in the course of last night, and is.
trawl rut ALLitanDRIA JIM un, OP AVM* R. tranquil' this morning."—Anotfier lielletin, stating frils the tenant.
„Far be it, however, from us to
Tbe House of Representatives sat in conclave the that his Maaerre continued in nearly the same state, f censure the landlord, who has thus demonstrated the
whole of Friday, and then adjourned till this day. was received at six o'clock last night. interne of distress, and excited the indignation of tine
It is currently reported, and generally believed, and .Ltecarreitieo Sceooes Fox Gines.—The Plan I people against its dreadful effects. The man who
we are among the number of believers, that a decla- of Needle-work for Girls is now published. Its i
1 has thus reminded them of the bondage of their
ration of war against Eng land has passed. that hod y, simplicity is such as will enable one Mistress to teach .
'i i ancestors, under this rod of iron, s welt
entitled to NAVAL INTALLIGENCIL
three hundred Girls and with little cost of materials t ._......—.
and been sent to the Senate for concurreui.e. The ' the thanks of his country. But who, after this
' labour or time. 'PLYMOUTH, Jon 7.
Senate did riot sit on Saturday :of coupe it remains 1 A very extraordinary robbery took place at Gal- exposer. of its openttion and qualities, will be so daring Sailed the Crocodile sloop of war. with csavoy forOiterasey I.
yet to be decided. t ley's Quay, at thj Custom-house, early yesterday as to insult the national character ?so base as to dis- 1 and Foxhound brig of war on a cruise.A
letter received yesterday from an intelligent 'morning- Ten bales of valuable silk, and two boxes play the nakedness of foreign despotism ?so selish ! A signal was made_ytheesteprdoday from dr westward, of an enemy's
Ceutleman at Washington, gives it as an opinion en- lof ostrich feathers, recently imported, were brought and depraved as to outrage Magna Charts. and the I cru.
Ls"
be* ice NI
lertained tliere, that the Senate eel notcome to any lm.n.
in a boy the day before alongside the above quay,'
i Law of Due Process ? Is there any 'landlord so in- Sul," his Meket Yeses with a convey for nom.
PyOsßshnipail
jOl UTI,I, Jvsv S.
previously to being landed and the duties paid there- ' I •
decision on tee Bill from the noose of Representa- out. Two watchmen werelput on board the boy for fame% that_would not be an Faiglishman ? Let himisey and Jersey; Vautour, for Lillian sad Oporto, with the
lives until the arrival of the United States sloop ' the purpose of security. About five o'clock in the ' levy distress and act the .part of a. Treacle usurper ;
ship, with Freed &impacts for Leith.
Hope deep al war in company; also sagest tae Rogow, dere.
Wag)) from Europe. . morning a party of men came on beam!, And said • let him overthrew justice, and veptesent the horrors ~ DEAL, Juno,.
[room TM! MERCANTILE dnvtaisszo, or THEsucceuful villainy' over Oople 4rho were tortured
they bad Instructions from the proprietors of the qf Arrived his Majesty's ships Idadbosausit sod iiillimt, Aim
~ - • rods to take the hey down the rivet again, as she'
12TII JUNE.] sider the
had been brought up by mistake, anti that they would „
inquisition, of distress. 'let an Englishe or That*"
FALMOUTH JutAt 6
The Senate of the United States at on Monday, Arrived lbo Lapdog packet from New York had Mantas, isi
shortly return for that impose. The villains were a
ina" of this stamp esiSciate /119ise' If %Via 'the land- - t -
with closed doors, until nearly three o'clock. On,
as good as their words, but for fear of being sus— lords of Ireland, who, with some oicePikstis to 22 days fano the former. • •ThINIP ware looking very ampleasant
that day the House of Represeetati were in pub.' pected, thay carried the- boy 'out into the stream: : use the words of Lola Chancellor CLAIM, triad is AlliCriell, and war nubile.* ammo was considered as isevi-
lit Session, and several petition! were presented Mild and then forced the watchmen below, where they' the tenants to poteder." Let him enter into this 1 Übl___e
n; mimed Mari pazket. for Meta, Is detained here trntil
resolutions adopted. remained confined until the whole property
Friday, bat the N PIRO and *Swallow packets will-sail tomtoo.
taken away'" Craft brought for that purpose. The . sin St.
lial holy brotherhood of oppression and crimes ; labia
The following was presented by Mr. PZAMION,
. loss k rendered more heavy to the importers, as the 16'" ..._ -
jelsoman sport of virgules/I the e.---e. biter itist„, i and Foists"kts, from the Leewitad Meads. la 24'
Re Dominickt •.of Omit miuntry ; let him row. Abe arrived the Primula lEliasheth from Surinam and
&bellying' Marstitique, In 36 da from the farmer. sad *daps Stem the
and its immediate consideration negatived, 82 to 37 : Custom-house Claims' the payment of the daties.— reOler''`'r
Resolved, That the Secarraay of WAR be di- The property Is rallied at between tie end three with debars 'through the bogs and fastnesses, be- days.
rected to lay before the House 'a
statuniat of the -thousand rands. „ t efeWetfiteefeeM piopleore unable to . accimplisk ims. Sailed tit Palm or ICel:twill:4,4ra* Moll tier Malmo.
... '

Am Mails. ' Om
...... .. linalia
I ..... 1 Waterfowl . • 1
0 .
a.
1...... • .......... Lisbon 4
1.... ... . ........ Leeward 'glands • 0 - .
1 .......... ...... Surinam an.l Martinique 0
I ... . New York and Haifa",

?RICE OF STOCKS Tills
Sol
9 rf
('eel. Red. COOL 55,
9 per S5a
4 per Ceole. 711
6 per COL Nao) Ssi
Wag. Air. 144

THE SIUTESMAN.

LONDON:
/11CRSDAY, JULT 9) 1812.

A Lisbon Mail, which arrived this forenoon; bas'
brought us a confirmation of the intelligence of Lord
WELLINGTON having entered Salamanca. Marshal
hi ARNO'S! had retired to Talavera :
LISBON, JuNs 21.

Soucy and Daoucv having collected their tamest
force at Seville and Cordoba, formed a junction near
Cafra on the 10th, pushing their advance into that
vface ou the same night. Soma himself had not
then left Cortloha, but was hourly expected at his
army. Their united force consists of 18,000 in-
fantry, 3,600 cavalry, and 30 pieces of artillery,
according to the accounts which have reached this
place. On the same day (the 19th) Gee. lbw., with
his corps, arrived at Albufera; which place had been
previously occupied by 4,000 capital Portuguese
troops from Badajos. General Ilts.r.'s force, in-
cluding the Portuguese, ore estimatcd at 18.000 men.
Accounts h, ve been reeeivcd from Lord WELLING..
daAl Salamanca, 18th. 11. e French retired
on Toro, leaving two strong buildings occupied by a
fcw men to impede our immediate pursuit.—( Lisbon,
Jae 19.)

rsy tlv• Inst accounts from Gen. Lord WELLING.
soN, hisaux.r.r had transferred his bead-quarters to
TAlavera.- -( Portuguese Telegraph, June 20.)
Letters from Gatti" of the 12th June, state, that the
Engi:sh hal taken near ilircelona, a convoy consist-
ing of fifty sail.-(Sant Paper.)

+.-

We hare authority to state, that so many as eight
years ago; Mr. LANCASTER made experiments, which
ascertained the practicability of his system of teach-
ing the classics by the boys themselves. To the Latin
and French languages, Sze. within the last four years,
his experitannts hare been continued, ens! now they
are so far •completed, as a little time will stew, as to
shorten the road to classical and commercial know-
ledge near one half.

•

el

i

HAYMARKET TIIEATRE.
A new Farce was introduced last night at this Theatre, fur
the first time, Called The Child of Chance.
DRAMATIS PERSON/E.
Sir Timothy Oldwood
henry Volatile
Captain t.ut Mr. Tuna if.
Mr. Scales
Tony Leff • Mr.
Mercers . . Mr. Bzustiere.
Bronze
Sophia . Mies Bzu.r r4r^saw
Nancy Pert * ,
The argument alibis mhduezeiting Wile wilt lie in a nut.
shell. Henry Yoketfleis enamoured with Sophia, the daughter
(WU.. Tiusethil ; but, sts the young Lady is contracted
to 'fen, Lel, diem of a Sea Captain, he is forced to resort to
artifice to proem/oast interview with the mistress of his attic-
Boas, and in elltelleg this he b much indebted to the contriving
bend and steady Impudence of Replete, his servant. In pursu-
ance of this design, a letter is faxed,which Sir Tiatiothy believed
to come from yonng Lai; wbo Ins been locked tip in a cabers!
at Southampton, by "cretin, a landlord. Captain Luf ar-
rives at Sir rinothes house, wises Ye exile assumes the eWsree-
ter of his son, and insists upon his paternal affection. After
much bade and intrigue, MAIM: procures the consent of me.
Timothy, in writing. to marry his daughter, n hen 'Toni I.uff en-
ters, and is recognised by his fa her; but as the ecrfaircia,, avid
comes too late, the parties become reconciled to each other, and
the piece is terminated.
Though
some of the lateblents, and several of the jokes, in this
Farce, have been heretofore enjoyed by the *editors, yet it is.
altogether. irresistibly au.V. Mr. M CINDIEN. Mr. M Alvan
Mr. Jonas, Mr. Team, Mn. Glint did even more than
Justice to mar several elevamers; nod had the Poet bees as"
much fraught with merit as the Players, we should hive had an
exteisite trout, as we base bat seldom sees au After-piece more
ably sustained.
