FRENCH PAPERS..

PAsts, JAN. 18.—The King yesterday !reseeded
!nosiness with the Doke of Richelieu.
Lest night there was a ball at the Palace of Elm"
given by their Royal Highnesees the Doke sod
Duchess of Berri t the invitations amounted to 110.
Yesterday morning hi. Robert Leone, first painter
of the Cabinet a'nd Chamber, bad the honoir of pre-
seating to the King a new portrait of MI Majesty,
which, is intended for the English Atehatiader.
The King feels no longer any attack of the gent
and the rainy weather, which has for sowers psi:
veiled, has elope prevented him from taking his asset
The Tribunal of Correctional' Police heard yester-
day M. Merilhou in defence of M. Schaffer. He sie•
deesoored In prove that his Client, being a native tit
&Aland, had acquired she rights era Frenchman by
aloe Union of Holland to France *bids coutieued till
11114, on simply declaring at that epoch that he in-
tended to is his domicile in France. Ile theft went
Coto the alleged charges of the prosecution, and. en.
Appernared to jest, the pagan ges ceeniented upon by
the King's Advocate.--The Wines Adtatrate Mad* sm
extempore reply, and the cause was adjourned for
eight days, when judgment will be given.
• Christophe continues to inspire so much terror in
St. Domingo, that several of his subjects flee from
his •States, preferring to. live in slavery among the
Spaniards, who still submit to their King, or pass
over' toithe I nsa rgente and the Americana. A mole tto,
estsped,from the Cap",.recoooted to ,en inhabitant
of Martinique, who has transmitted lions to us, se.
weal recent traits of Christophe's cruelty. An
United States Captain was taking merchandise on
beard at the Cape about night-fell ; there still re-
mained near the arsenal 18 bags of coffee, which the
Crstom-boose Officers would not permit him to am.
bark, under pretence of its being too late. and they
*ere consigned to the officer of the sisilghbouring
'guatd.bouse, who took charge of than. Oa the fol-
lowing morning, the Captain, who was desirous to
embark his 28 bags of coffee In preience of tbe Cos.
.two.hoese Officers, perceived that seven were want.
log. The officers and soldiers of the-guard replied,
that they did not know what bad become of them.—
The American Captain reproached the Costom-boon
Officers, the chief of whom complained to Cbristophe,
who immediately summoned before him the Captain,,
the Officer, and the soldiers. Thessarknostledged
that they had received the 28 begs, and persisted in
saying that they knew not what bad becomes/fit/M.l
Christophs.instantly ordered them into a neighbour-,
ing court, and had them shot. He bed sent two
deputies to Perlin to tint on a secret affair, which
be was unwilling should transpire, and apprehending
that on their return they might divulge their whiles,
be sent to them a man of colour, his intienallennd
confidant, to know precisely the answer they bad iv-,
wired from Petion. The answer once known, the
two unfeminine deputies were shot. In the mess
time' Chrisiephe's jealousy induced bins to imagine
that his confidant would betray him. This man did
not fail to read, on the grim "imp of his master the
lot that awaited hint. its vain be tried to soodhlea.
Christophe darted on him the glance of a tiger, end,
nude a signal to his satellites to lead him to the ad-,
joining court, where, in in initent, the unfortunate
man was aser;lered.—(Joerstof de Marseilles.)
A letter from the Isle of Bourbon, dated July 11,1
1817, announces that the new Gentler et Anti
colony had arrived there on the 27th of ./Nnea. sad
that he had entered on his functions on. Ope UM el
the same aseadt. '
. • CHASMS! OF PEERS, Jaw.l7.
There was so Oahe shies of the Cliatieber yeihsee
day. The following •is ea estract frees the• Report
made to the Chamber by the Matteis de Pastore, its
the name of the Spetial Consmittde (composed of the
'Marquis himself, Viscount bliaisiatorooty,_ Comet
-Modal, the Marquis de Gender, neff the Coonstsib
Castilians.) appoieted to ensiles She Project *Cabe
Law relating to the Liberty ef.tise Prose. .
Tne Report lint ream* that the Projecepreeeidg
imporiant amelieresieni, and new iiircurities car the
LUMO# k tw StiOdlW aftrdes. by
.1.11,..4*

•
• •
• • • ••
• • ••• ,t••••• ,p; •• • '4
• •ftl • 7: •
• •
•
•
• -•••
•
•
••• • . •

#1

\

their Prfr"Y.

. '


Boum taft.ltuaatocr supported the Petito....
„•
Bp observed, that of coarse, they could not slier
coosotilletion of the public debt ; but they gave
T3telief•th.foreigners, they opened tobscriptions in be-
half, of the indigent • the. King had sacrificed a put
' al/ itii Mune for the support of those faithful see.
• vents who abandoned every thing to follow
Petitineers were all either aged or infirm; whety
They received did rnotonsoent, in a etejority of canal,
20b trance a year : and it was asserted that their
'somber did not exceed four thousand. He proposed
defer the Petitions to the Minister of the Interior.,
t• II was ogre's, to. •
-
The discossion on the Recruiting of the Army was
' thus renewed.
M. Bravos said, that the nation, nn less than the
ildeveviement, deilred-se Aroty.not for purposes or
...• • *oequest, but tends. without an Army so great Pee.
Idesean or de east.
'''"The name of a French Army, always imposing is
1_404 of late disasters, kink Wising in it terrifying to
Jhernanirv.' The remeasbrances of glory which it re..
ala—ofthat glory o'f which we shall .know boar 10
• rut the inheritance, shall. never be associated
'aught but the preservatioo of peace and the de.
. • tenceorthe frontiers.
• Tlte Son coaditionfoehavitig ti good a rmyis,thst it be
_ • •iestionel, a tortha i foreigners obould be excluded from
If; that all young Freuchmen should be summoned
do RV ranks; and that in default of voluntary enrol-
• inents, ballot should be adopted.
' •
What is there in tbe word conscription that should
lfright es? It signifies nothing more than a
romocha-
.
-tki I operation, registering citizens according to the
'_age prescribed., Mei' the Legislature has abolished
the Conscription, can it also abolish the obligation of
Inilitary service?
Take heed lest the unpopularity of the word msy.
lead .you to sanction an unpopular action. The
Legislature designedto abolish only the creel right of
carryieg Off every year an indefinitenomber of young
sun frum their families; of consigning this sanguine
pooh to 'privations, fatigues, famine, a hundred
limes more murderous than the sword of the enemy,
whose blows were at least mitigated by the ;Regions
if glory. Let, us not then create a distinction in
'terms which does out cast in fact.
Referring to the right of the Crown to nominate to
sank, you refuse, it is said, to a King of France
vital was granted to a Consul. It is that the Con-
' mutate, the creat;oa of violence, appeared ,to the
tuition only a Military Magistracy ; that in the Con-
• sal was only seep the General of an Allay ; that the
Consulate was a new right,-of which the limits were
isindeterniined. Besides, it was net France that
granted •this right to the Consul, he assumed it him•
ittr. The eastroples,giren by him ought not be urged
'in a Constitutional Monarchy.
limitation of power ip)utioos to the
Royal Prerogative. -:Theopompus, King of Sparta,
vas reproached, in creating the Ephoria, with having
weakened the Royal power. " You will leave to
your. children," said some one to nasal " but a limited
setherity.".. " Yes,' he 'replied, " but better se-
cured and more lasting."
Could a Prince judge by himself the merit of
10,000 °Vets ? Certainly not ; especially when
the Sovereign does not make one camp of his king.
'dem —when his• Palace is not a tent-:-.-nor his throne
repaving on bayonets. The Member then proceeded
:troupe on the neteasity of an mutual vote of the
-erety, and with that snorndosent wed for the Project.
Ma DS CArthottavt. —By -what fatality does it
-happen ober the tried Mewls of the throne sheeld find
-themeekes placed by -their duty under the cruel ne.
-easily of appearing in this Tribune fo attack the Pro-
ject of the Law • presented to us by,the Ministers?
AO the law proposed to us is contrary to'tbe Charter
of the Constitution and the Royal Prerogative.
I knew, Gentlemen, the species of discredit which
.certain traumata men have sought to cast on several
among us, when they .find us demanding the
,literal and rigorous fulfilment of the Charter; but
deaf to all their vain clamours, insensible to their'
false imputations, we shall continue to invoke respect
,lo the Charter, to follow scrupulously its letter and
. .spirit, to repel all infractions end abases, and to ea.
'press our hopes and our fears with wisdom, modera-
tion, courage, and frankness.
Born Defier the Republic, the conscription had
made frightfol progress and dreadful ravages under
the tyranny. I( need net to siiisiepthem. Its es-
istence is incompatible with legitimate monarchy.
(lot what is the new mode of recruiting now pro.
:Posed but an attempt to restore the.conscription ?
I thereford'vote for the present against the law, well
persuaded that, in the present Session, the Ministers
can present us a better form of law, even by the de-
bates in this Chamber.
' M. CAmticaJoinAN.—The general object of the
paw appears to me to be traced by the first condition
of the social compact. Two principal Powers govern
the destinies of Vampires—political power and poll•
tical strength. If one constitutes the right, the other
constitutes the fact; and frequently the strength
which, **eight to .be only the means of esecotioe, be-
comes the tyrannical end supreme regulator.
. For the formation of an army triply loyal sod na.
them!, four points are necessary. Sammons ought,
to be the basis—the law ought to regulate the mode
..-40 Autry of Reserve ought to form its support—
sod, finally, a good system of advancement -should
be a necessary completion of the entire. After es-
aminieg each of tiesa,points, to prove that they
were to be found in the proposed Wm, the Member
concluded for its adoptieti, with the Amendment le
favour of annual votes.
. At five o'clock in the -mains the debate was ad-
journed. . "a) t
\ • Five per Cents. on the ;lid; Of 4aOsen wee,
Attioiss • 454.31.

WM) V IV
SIP t•
TUUIII4IIAIri JANUARY 22, IslB
• ..
Tten Mails from Flanders have arrived. The King.
ItT
0. tuk ft ETU ER Lla DS has ordered-this (WWI en of two
regiments of Marines, to consist of 2000 each.—An
article from Constantinople states the perils! railer,
of the late Russian Mission to the Court of Persia,
'respecting which some apprehensions bad beta enter.
loaned. It up, the late Russian Embassy to the
Sovereign of that.country hat.nsit been attended with
4lte advantages which bad been espected fit,vm it, and
that the Persians, linable to
sforget the cestdons made
'St the last peace, try every imaginable means to
'oc-over the ceded Provinces, in order by Ibis to
recover from the precariosts situation in which they
are placed by the proximity of the Russian frontiers
io the Royal residence of Teheran, which is scarcely
fifty German miles distant from them.
The Persians, Oka the Chinese, time seenrpo be on
their guard .against encritachmenis. !The design of
the Bossiest Court to ester* its power In-the East is
thus farther confirmed. But can the Persians resist,
the Appeal that generally follows the refusal to listen
to socb stegoclations ? The Persian frontier was in
great danger when IJoWAfARTa invaded Russia, and
Sir4Gojts Alust.av's .knack at patching up apiece
,elloiged the Rassian .army on the Persian frontier to
turn -its hostility against the French. The Russian
Court has now no'such, perplexities to contend with,
and trifling obstacles will not low impede her mighty
march.

•,

Some Charleston Papers have been reteived, which
repreatet that the forces of the'United States were
far advanced towards their Snuthern Conquests, and
that- a day had been fised upon for the seizure of
Amelia Island. ,In•the mean time • Representative'
Government of nine Members has been formed at
Amelia island. The Election of the Representatives
hat Wren announced in a Proclamation by AtrltY.-.-
We learn from the American Papers, that the Dis-
trict Attorney having prnented to the Grand Jary,
bills *Oust the. British Officers imprisoned in Phila-
delphia, on the warrant of Judge WAtuirtoTon, as
stated in our columns some time age, the Grand
Jury, on the following day pronounced, that there
appeared to be no cause for their detention sad trial.
Paris Papers to the 19th have arrived. kb pre..
bible from the number of Members in the Chamber of
Deputies who support the propriety of annually
voting the Army, that this measure will be carried.
The discussion had not closed on Saturday, and was
ezpected tolast till Tuesday. The Papers of Sunday
are without interest.

We yesterday informed nor Readers that Mr.
Eva ss and his son were released from prison en Tues.

day evening, without either of them entering into the
recognixances required of them, or any other stipu-
lation. Mr. BENnow, of Manchester, who had been
confined on a similar chanty, was also libeiated at
the same time. These unfortunate persons had the
firmness indignantly to refuse submission to the let,
ten sought to be imposed upon them -in the midst
of society, after they had suffered a protracted im-
.prisonment of many months on charges. which had
no foundation but in the malignant designs of the
enemies of public liberty. The conduct of the per-
secutors of innocence in this instance is, if possible,
still more shameless and unjustifiable than any of
those many cruelties and violations of personal and
public right which their most daring delinquency has.
exhibited. It is said the ErMOE§ mean to bring an
action against Sir 'NATHANIEL CONANT for wrongous
imprisonment. They have certainly a right to expect
a legal'aCquittal of a crime with which they have been
charged on pretence of lava, for we cannot say either
legally accused, arlagallylinprlidned: &Wadi is eist
merely the act.of the Magistrate. It is true the EvAssks
were in prison on a charge of Iligh Treason before the
Suspension Act took place. If this was a regular
and legal proceeding, it follows that the accused
ought to be legally acquitted. The liberation under
the phwers-claimed by the Suspension Act is a sub-
terfuge. Hut it is the Minion.' who ought to be
broUghl trial for sotho:ising, by their illegal Cir-
culars, them cruel and iniquitous commitments.—
The whole country.cries•eisetne on such baseaggres-
sinus, and the brand of eternal infamy will mark the
unfeetint.pertinacity, the absurdity, end inconsist-
ency of such State proceedings.Thetwo ETA Oaf were
among the earliest victims selected by Ministers upon
their own decimations, when it was found necessary to
Colljete ip a plot. These aCColatinns were founded
upea:d*Niial absurdities. • Mr. CANtruies fertile
fancy
m e.l#Ohcean bilmtbeiis of parish com-
unitiee;,Apoi sting themselves and enjoying equal
right4,4o. forosidebts 114 nlassic vision of tbe rests,.
Hillevi deb. Agrarian I'm, of dividing anew the land
and property orthali•bentry among revolutionists and 1
the tittered uset4thi poor'ETANSM were fixed on as
the prtpaga4o jthis and tremonable
Rossoysteet.tilez were committed on the eetb of

-

Imagined, than where an innocent man is unjustly
accused, and yet debarred of the opportunity of
proving his innocence; where oppression and igno.
miny are heaped_opon his bead, and yet deprived of
the means to psioish his aggressors ; where he is in.
milted, and dams not retaliate; is reduced to po.
witty, and refused compensation.—We earnestly
hope a Bill of Indemnity Will not be allowed to
screen the Ministers and their Agents from the con.
sequences that ought to attend such insulting inhu-
manities. Guilty, dreading men are ever fond of
eascting bonds and promises; and it required
an indelible spirit, under every
.privation, to
avoid falling into the snares laid to ensure
,
More obligation. But the State harpies, the Mi.
lister' and Secretaries, who have become the Jailers
Mt their ifellow.citisens, have in this case been disap-
pointed of their prey. Does not this circumstance
prove that all the other men from whom recognizance,
were elected, ire ell injured and knotted ? Either
the ETANSES were fit persons to be at large, or they
were not. If they might be allowed their freedom,
why were recognizance: proposed ? And if they
might not, if there was a single ground upon which
they could bi openly iciused, why are they set at
liberty. This ise.dilemone, from which the liberation
will not free the imprisoners, and on the horns of it
let them hang. What trilling with the sacred dignity
of British law is this, to detain men in prison for a
series of months, during which you may bring then,
to trial at any time, and then to acknowledge the
innocence of your victims, by setting them it liberty !
But how does Lord _l DitouTtl'S act of liberation
beer on NATHANIEL CONANT'S charges upon oath?--
flow are these Gentlemen to reconcile their sets
To say that these charges go for nothing when they
cannot be substantiated, is using words ton week to
designate • deed of this sort. The consequences of
these secret and foul accusations have been too serious
to allow such transactions to pass without investiga.
tion, and toe mark of execrating contempt. The
hardships endured by the individuals who hare taps
been made the victims •f Ministerial suspicion and
vengeance, ought to !WSW these martyrs to the pubs
lie sympathy, and rouse the British People to prevent
Ministers and their agents (enjoying the power of
wantonly and arrogantly indicting so many cruelties
on onoffending men.

ere- As financial measures, including more demands of
• •
provision for fresh Itoyal Marriage Settlements, test
.the Crown should be without an Heir, are expected
to be the principal topics at the opening of the Par.
liamentary Session, we may be allowed to die&
public attention for a moment to an old subject, set
an unimportant one, or one which has ceased to be
felt by the inhabitants of this country. We meats.,
the enormous sumo of money voted by Parliament fie
the liquidation of the Prince of WALES'S Debts, sal
the allowances still continued, granted in coast`
(pence of the Marriage of his Royal Highness, fens
which so many blessings have sprang. The Readei
will find a separate article on this subject it
another page. It will astooishi some primes
to find, that the payment thus made to his Royal
Highness on the score of his marriage, amounts
to no less than One Million Four Madrid and
Nitiety.five Thousand Pounds, to October last ! !
This is the amount of money understood to be paid
by the heavily taxed People of this eshausted coon..
try, in an annuity of G 5,0001. imposed upon them, to
enable the Prince of WALES to live with his wife.—.
It is pertinently enquired from What fund tlaef
35,0001. per annum is derived which enables her,
• Royal Highness the Princess of WALES to live,
apart from her husband in a foreign land, end
MP hope the question will be answered. We hare
nut heard that the PRINCE'S large annuity, granted
with the prospects of heirs from the marriage, has
been given up as an act of justice and feeling. now
more necessary tiratrever. The Princess of
is secured by Act of Parliament in a settlement of
50,0001. per ann. should she survive her hoshand.-1-
This matter of insuring the succession appears a
costly thing.

WINDSOR, JAN. '2l.—Yesterday the QUEEN and
' the Princess ELIZABETH took en airing to Frogniere.
This day her MAZES?! and the Princess ELIZABETH
rode out on the Maidenhead.road, and returned to
the Castle to dinner. The Princess AUGUSTA took
an airing on horseback in the Park. '
The PRINCE REGENT is expected to hold a Privy
Council on Saturday, to prick the Sheriffs for the
present year.
His Royal Highness the Doke of You is mach
better.
Yesterday at two o'clock, a Cabinet Council
was held at the Foreiga-Office, for the purpose of
arranging the PLUNGE REGENT% Speech. •to bib de-
'livered at the opening of the Session of Parliament.
The Cabinet sat till about half-pest four.' AS ~ ~.
Both Houses of Parliament have bens Eat hoady,
prelims to the commencement of thai-:11mhion; on
Tuesday next, when a very full attendance is expected
of Peers and Contemners. •
i SEIRJEASTIS INN•HALLo—MODSON v. SCARLETT,

Esq.—la this action, which was for sisoderous
words used by a Counsel in his address to a Jerry,
the Kole ler a new Trial was, after very tows ills:
cession) this morning discharged.

...

Pieter, Johanson, tram

Pat back tbeschooner George Dayoh, Jacksoa, for
Charente.
TawsUvula, JAR. 20.—Arrived at this Bar, the
Shannock, Webbe, from Newfoundland, in 16 days.
STARGATE CREa, JAR. St.—Arrived the Argo,
Jackson, from. Smyrna Fame, Moore, from Alt..;
and the Richard and Ann, Martin, from Allmon.
Dona, JAR. 21.-7 Arrived off this port the,brig
Kingston, of Salisbury, Batchelor, from Smog to

Antwerp, out 36 days.
n. A MSG ATE, JAW. 21.-6-Captain Chartie, of the ship
Cigars Mills, from B6.ntal, landed here this ereoing
for an anchor, which was sent off immediately.

MARCAnt JAN. 21.--Arrived in our Roads yes.
terday and proceeded for the River, the Charles
Mills, tram Indic —The brig reported yesterday to
he the Noctou,' on- shrirtl on the Fairness 11,,ck, is
the Acteon, Fulton, for Berbice ; she-got off last
night's tide wittiest damage, and remains at anchor
in our. Roads.—Arrived In our roads the Contest,
Gommitt, from Demerara, and has landed letters.
lianwicrt, JAN. 21.—Arrived the Cistlereagh,
Macdonough, with Mails and Passengers, front
Ilelvoetaluys.
GRAVE3F.ND, JAY. 21.—Arrived the Jane, Owens,
from Oporto ; Harriet, Collins, from St. Michael's;
ICadrnus, Dent, from the Isle of France ; George,
Mayes, from New York ; Mary Ann, Clare, from
Calcutta ; Cambrian, Sheriff, from Berbice ; Janet
Donlon, —, from Demarara ; Brilliant, °pent',
from Unfits, and se►eral others.—Sailed the John,
Visits; for Jamaica; and Juliana, Ogilvie, for
Batavia.

Yesterday a Court of Directors Wan held stifle
East India-house, when tho following Commanders 1
took leave of the Court previous to departing for
their respective destination', viz t--Captain M.
'bout:Toss Moira ; and Captain H. A. Mum-
moon, Castle Iluotly, for Bengal and Chine r • Ca
pt.
W. CAMPBELL, London, and Captain K. BALSTON,
Princess Amelia, for Madras and China. The ship
Perseverance, of 1:200 tons, was taken up for one
ruyige its the Company's service.
MUTINY IN TUE BENSON lIIMAIIAN.—from 0/11
Madras Courier of the Pith of August :—By
cotta news of the 24th ult. we les. sr, that the Meat
Noble the Governor-General reached Moorahede.
bad on the 19th alt. The fleet had met oath no ac.
cident ezcept the sinking of one or two of the hag.
gige.boats. We regret to state that very unpleasant
accounts have been received from the homeward.bound
slip Benito% Captain Bemuse. The Captain was
obliged to pet into into Port Louis, for two very
substantial reasons—mutiny, and a disabled ship.
From what we can learn, the passengers may esteem
themselves most fortunate in having reached port ie
safety ; we have seen letters stating that the Benue
was in • most crazy condition, end so completely
shattered, that it was not espected she could be rt.
paired so as to render her sea-worthy. After leaving
this port the pumps were kept continually going till
the ship reached Port Louis. To add to these mis.
fortunes, a most serious mutiny broke out amongst
her crew on the '234 of June. One of the men, it
seems, struck the Captain during some altercation,
upon which be was ordered to be put in irons; ibis
was positively regatived by the crew, who imme-
diately struck, threw the irons overboard, went be.
low, and refused to da,amy more duty daring tim
voyage. The passengers were consequently coat•
petted to artist in performing the duties of the ship, aiot
to keep regul ir watch till they providentially niched
port. Caplan BETA AM is prosocutiog the Mutineltro;
the Grand Jury had fnui4 true bills against five if
them, and their trials bed just commenced when our
accounts close.
The following are tho• particulars which we have
been able to collect respecting the liberation Of the
State Prisoners from Ilorsemonger Jail Tues-
day evening, between four and fire o'clock, the two
Eetesrs, father end' son, were liberated by special
arder from Lord Storrouww, loget her with it Mr.
13Exaow, who had been confined
.under a similar
charge, and who, we believe, is a shoe.maker, and
resided formerly at Manchester. Mrs. EvArts, wha
has been in the daily habit of visiting her son sod
husband, went on Tuesday to. Horsemonger.lana
Prison, end at foir o'clock, When she came away,
had 'not the slightest notion that either of them would
be liberated :
.•bot a very-short time after she had ar-
rived at hoMe;• both her' [unbend and her son, who
had been confined about 50 weeks, returned. We
endentand, that • very short time after four o'clock
a King's Messenger arrived at llorsemongar-lane
Prison, with official orders frdm Lord SIONOUTII to
'liberate the State Prisoners; and directed to the Go
rernor of the Jsil. The Governor in person thee
went to the two EVANSZI and formally delivered the
orders he had received. These orders were immedi-
ately complied with, and they quitted the prison.--•
An action he, es we have above stated, to be hewer,
diately instituted against Sir N. CONANT. We on.
derston4 young Mr. Ev.uss is to conduct his olto
cause."
A. :Comity Mooting to consider the propriety of
prtionting a tetition to Parliament for the repeal of
the Duty tio. ii(lto was convened at the Crown Ins,
NorthWiehl -Clieshire, on Tuesday. An a. manure,
'Oft hie been proved .by the most ezperienced 006
imlturista hi that district, to be of very great value;
and its Oxiellence ar an article of food for cattle, it
, gerferally ocknowledgetf.

~•.

Th*F
65t. 904

',-. . A,. .' ^Ai\ '
• . .
IIAP" , 'III4E STATESMAN . .
. - - • . • - . 11.0.41; INTRIOLIGE NUE.k.7: .
CHASIBEK OF DEPT/Tin, Ata.l7. mt.*, of STOCKS Ttltit ,DAY AT OMR O'CLOCK. lame ern individual, charging Irk , ti ~ •
Ka
iuucli 490; • \
Tltelltflogiffrnidt it-4iii'eroilt:' the bake of 3. i. Kett 4, ig nevolor astir 11. ,be anaietyor . . sc. . o.' ( \.... \
,11:1..40Cti i A
‘•
• Itictinilin 04.61inister of War the Keeper of t,/ se. ,pi I ? --1. stork -:' .s, ,' .. rsons o( I " . • 9 DCAL, Jw. I. me evai Wont AMart the
Seats, and the ore •Kines:•Comiebeienets were i4a . i Stgeri 11 t twigs Ira: rib' :7 *: ' 'II i - Atypou was k, ye • til -the Mil niv for Boons .-Sailed the
t roduced. •-•-•
dili• as: :41'.
, .
_________ coon . /
• ti. fotaml trial. They a 'new sent back Qoeini t t fol. APaieroin e outer. and
M. VALille made G Report in tbi outs a
~. ;, . -- . —.eititeetievikabittetetEby their met int colliers for eir differidithilti at o Roam* the
imistito of Petilloos. - - —.......... .. - , -..t.,IB7e.ifTSSAL4
_ jogeral It' ks'antNent of the department of the . I •,;.. 1. • tit in wee Ned b long rivations, rest of tbeo rd-baund.
t%./. • trirl, 7/4 , btd 4. .. r P . . .Rtit, .101
• libitire' ' in a Petitions of the extreme pe. --.-7-- ----"—'---.`— - L. mid injured in property by long absence from their ratrismtpript jut, in.—Arrived Ike ihr_so,„
, ..,.=.1..i? .tAi
_• new dm" iiiii6iitek_c•mens•Ree adm lona two., - ' - ...Z.:a.'•,--....Loririknv :: • - ---;;;;;="-- ' A rnoie distresiing case can haidly be Etariaa7l7eiit London for Bengal ; and jeep
I- -. 2....m..m.••••• inc..% Lk •anisally 1):,.... Imilkansann_ from Aiastorttaas far Ravirladha

II

icsommamt
fiNt fiver the

—Sailed the
rasters and
.Remain the
le Norfolk,
and Jong.

F . B•rhiee.--

feeksons for
this Bar, the
I, in 16 days.
I the Argo,
from. Altea ;
i Alicant.

ort dm ,brig
• Button to

e, of the ship
1 this evening
Sktely.
r Roads yes-
the Charles
yesterday to
ess Rork, is
'•got off last
ins at anchor
the Contest,
ed letters.

C istlereqh,
roger', from

Jane, Owens,
Michiers ;
lice ; George,

, Clare, from
.rbice ; Janet
iant, ()peon,
led the John,
Ogilvie, for

I' hpld it She
C,ommonders
deporting for
.Grptain M.
r. A. Thum.
CMno Copt.

E. BA r.sTos,
Ile. The ship
len up for one

~t.—From the
sit :—lly Cal.
that the Mast
d Nloorsheds.
tit pith no ac•
/0 of the hike
Pry unpleasant
meward-bound
'e esptain was
for two very
di%ahled •hip.
ors may ester's
cached port in
hat the Benson

so completely
he could be re.
. After leaving
inally going tilt
it to these mis.
to nut amongst
of the men, It
me altercation,
in irons; this
w, who
Imrnt-
toard, went be.
duty daring the.
sequentlr corn.
of the ship, and
entially reached
the MutineVro;
I against five of
leoced when one

which we hare
iberltlon of the
Jail Tues.
l'clock, the two
rated by special
ter withir Mr.
under a similar
hoe.maker, and
11. EVANS, who,
og her son and
nrsemonger-lane
she came away,
er
of them would
after she had •re
d her son, ,ho
returned. We
fter four o'clock
ForSIBM01140V.IA04)
frd SIDNOUVII to
retied to the Go.
in person then
illy delivered the
.rs were immedi-
ed the prison.—
ed, to be imme.
ONANT. We un.
conduct his own

Mr. EDITOR,—I heve:lltlkred • week to paw by
to hopes, that seine of your Correspondetite tirkield
notice the Note to the Beettsstra• Matess-leits lAA
bet as no one has remarked upon it, Lreloctentty
take op my pen to tumble you with a few elisetve-
ties,.
NOTE.—" It is notoriose end epos record, in
loony places, that the Prince's Debts upon his mar-
riage did not amount to half the sum stated by Mr.
Hist.t.cre; that NO SPECIFIC SUM was voted by Perna.
ment for the peruse of them; !bet an allowance
was grouted to the Prince declared to be scarcely
oquivilent to that enjoyed by his Grandfather, the
Prince of WALES, in the time of GEORO.E IL anal
that retrenchments were secured out of this allowance
to liquidate the Primula Debts."
Now, Sir, I did not Understand Mr. ll•cterr to
say (at the Berkshire Meeting) what the Debts
amounted to, or that a' ape* sum was voted by
Parliament for the payment of them, bat that "in
consequence of the marriage 1,430,0001. bad been
paid towards the Prince's Debts, and --. Here
be was interrupted by the most indecent clamour, I
ever witnessed, proceeding principally from the
chosen few on the Bench, who were invited for the
occasion. It is really unfair, and efferent', int
rudely to stop a man before he has finished his
speech, and then, to calumniate him in a Newspaper,
upon garbled extracts, or hasty, detached, sentences,
excited sty a tetuult of the moment. You will not
understand, however, that I mean so to dispose of
the main points, that here been animadverted upon,
or to allow, that the mention of our country's cals•
slides was " ill-timed," or can ever be ill-tioted at
a County Meeting, let the call be what it may.
The grant, which Mr. HALLETT must have alluded
to, you will find in the 35th of the King, chapter ?.9,
giving an Annuity of, 65,0001. out of the Conan•
lidated Food, for the payment of the Prince's Debts,
4c. " in coherence of his late marriage," and to
continue during the joint lives of his Majesty and the
Prince.
In looking into the Act, I find Mr. HALtrrr did
hot reckon quite enough, haling, I presume, made
Ills calculation from its passing in June, 1795,
whereas the Annuity took effect from October,l7ol.
—The payments then, for the Prince's Debts, 4c-
" in consequence of the late marriage" will stand at
ONE MILLION FOUR HUNDRED AND Irrisctir-rres
TtioUstvir PoUstnr, to ()::tither last—unless any of
the BERNMIIRE AN% notorious record:, " &many'
places" should have arrested the operation of the
Annuity, after the marriage became of no avail to
ilium:try, in which casts, I trait he will be kind
enough to inform us, and should it really prove to
be at, I shall be ready in admit Mr. HALLETT was
in error,, poll 'most happy, awl seriol.ahly surprised to
WHO, that an act of j t ice rind Peting, hes been
th4plalerl toaards use heavily taxed People of this
ONCE happy Country. It *VI be good of him, also,
to tell us, where It is declared, that the allowance to
the Prince was 66 rrarrelr equivalent to that enjoyed
by his Grandfather the Prince of Wales, in the time
of George II.," what the difference is, anal, if not
too much trouble, from what fond the 35,0001. per
annum comes, that enable* the Princess of Wales to
live apart from her husband in a foreign land.—The
BERKSHIRE MAN, in his first letter, accuses Mr.
71Ismrrr of insulting It a father torn with grief for
the loss of his only child, by asserting that he was
hired by the Country to beget a larger family, and
bad failed in his part of the engagement." These
words, however they may suit the cant of the author,
never came from Mr. Ilit.t.rre's lips, but as far as
the disgraceful uproar of the elect, would enable me
to guess his object and Meaning, it was to show that
every inhabitant of Bea kahire ought to be summoned
to the Meeting, as the poorest individual pays his
quota towards the sakl salinity, in lazes upon his ne-
cessaries of life, which are said to 'need ten shillings
in eighteen shillings out of what he earns by daily
labour—being charged for one article atone (salt),
tOs. per bushel, whilst the American labourer con-
sumes the same quantity at only 3.. including the
espences of conveying it from this country across
the Atlantic. Here I most readily join the Bta IL.
!HIRE MAN in exclaiming, " for shame! for sb.-me!"
It is, however, but fair to state, that the Americans
derive no advantages from Rate* Boroughs.
So far from insulting the father, Mr. lIALLETT sp.
proved of the Address, and " blamed not his Royal
Highness, but his Ministers." And, Sir, they have
been to blame, for introducing an improper woman,
as a wife to the Prince, if she was a woman of bad
character, or disposition, and for not bringing her
to trial for the charges alleged against her, when she
desired to be placed lice to face with her accusers,"
a right the lowest subject is entitled to demand by
the laws end Constitution of England. As this
Berkshire Man affects to be eery squeamish Da the
procreative port of Mr. HAMM'S speech, sod ap.
pears to dispute what he said, at the Meeting, let us
see whether the Annuity was, or was not granted
with "the prospect of heirs being provided for the
House of Brunswick by His ROYAL HIGHNESS"—
what could the Legislature mean by saying, " in con-
sequence of his late marriage," if it were not to in.
crease the family? Wag it merely to procure a
hopeful pair to hang gems and gaudy clothes upon at
Birth.days and Holidays? No, no, Sir, it was to
carry on the line of succession of that family, which
was expressly brought over to this country, to wear
a Crown in support of the Protestant establishment,
and oar liberties, which the worthless race of Stuart
had so shamefully and wickedly abased. But, Sir,
this part of my case more clear, if that be
wry,l give you the preamble to the next Act of
liament, chapter 30, enabling his Majesty In pay
'I. per annum to the Princess of Wales in the
' her surviving her husband—" Most Gracious
we your Majesty's most dutiful and loya
, the Commons of Great Britain in Parlia.
assembled) being truly 'sensible, We acceptable

It witllle.te yoiilsWity, that a gide es"
eleilleßstii rerilliii W "Anal rev it du
Moe • 'ilnd ilidi)'''Of her, Ito it 'I 'llli
Areqi4lr
Print:Hey-id tit* it* shell *derive bee aij4i Coo.
sort, the most eleellent George Aegystes, yen
'Majesty's Most deerlf beloved Son t and consider-
ing the happinesi ' which (by the blessing of
Almighty GOd) the subjects of these Kingdom teener
'fail to enjoy by a Succession of Princes derived from
her." Here it must be *Rowed (in spite of hypocri-
Ideal chicanery and foal insulting langstare), the
happiness (and without fail, mind) that a House of
Commons anticipated (by the blessing of Almighty
God) to the subjects of these kingdom', was from
a succession of Princes to be DERI VED from the
Princess—and can any honest man now hesitate to
declare, that another House of Commons (ever faith-
ful when taxation is in question, and no less scrupu-
lous in the observance of precedents, when our li-
berties, and dearest rights are et stake), is not in
duty bound; strictly to enquire into the causes of
our disappointment ? '
If the blessing of the Almighty has been averted'
by unforeseen, or unavoidable circumstances, let us
know what they are, and the People, ever liberally •
disposed, will beer their misfortunes with becoming;
reesignation ; bet if our grievances have been occa-
sioned by the evil machinations of perjured, or other,
wicked wretches, let the Attorney-General bring
forth all the artillery of his office against them, sod 1
he will be entitled to the thanks of his country..--'
But whether, in his wisdom, he shall do so, or no,
'the honest historian curtest fed to render justice, by
recording the truth, and the witot.s: TROTH—nor can
the contents of Tut Boot, by any intrigue or con-
trivance, be washed in Letbe, and forgotten.
Yours truly,

Jao. 6, 1818.

if.

JURY Tem.—At the Norwich City Sessions,
held on Tuesday se'onight, Mr. Steward ALDERSON,
ita the course of his Charge, took occasion to pass a
just eulogium on the• inestimable advantages of the
Trial by Jury, which, he said, was almost•cooval
with the Nation itself, and was sluctioned by the
Great Charter handed down to us by our ancestors:
it was one of the greatest privileges of which we. as
r Englishmen, bad to boast ; and Mr. Justice iILACR.
MORE had remarked, that Awhile Trial by Jury was
opliold, the Constitution of the country could. never
be subverted. Ile then proceeded to observe, that
whilst he indulged his privilege of speaking, he could
not help reminding them, that the greatest danger .1
the destruction of this mode of trial rested with them.
selves; for should persons in their situation lead
themselves to party in political questions, or to an
arbitrary Government, then would arise the danger,
then would the Government step in to the destruc.
tion of this inestimable privilege. The Grand Jury,
by their Foreman (W. Fonts, Esq.) retaraeal
Thanks to the Learned Steward for his truly con•
stitationsl anti patriotic Charge, in the sentiments of
which they folly acquiesced.
r BEXLEY MATO, KENT.—.-This Heath, containing
Soo acres of land, was taken in under the Inclosure
Act about three years ago, end was theft a wild
desert, hut now, from the enterprising spirit of those
to whom allotments *ere given, is become, le so
shot* a spare, a benotifel cultivated, spot, lateness*
'the last year not only oats, barley, it'd buck wheat
were growing, but vast tracks of potatoes planted;
and this year in massy parts fine crops of turnips,
some as large as a half peck tamer*: and the road
to Dover is now rendered the finest in all England..
Shooter's 11111, that dreadful dreg and destroyer of
horses, Is now cut down, so that the stages and post.
etulses absolutely are enabled to trot up on a smart
pace, where, but the other day, the wearied travel.
lets were obliged to alight to enable the horses to get
up; besides all these rapid and useful public im-
provement', a horse and foot patrols are well esta-
blished on the Bexley Heath road; and it is a fact,
that the place where the most daring robberies were
formerly committed, is now become the safest. In
addition to all these vast public advantages there is,
within these five months, villas, cottages, and other
tenements, in extent a mile long, on that once desert,
Ibut now beautiful cultivated spot, Bosley Heath. Out
of some of the plates where wells are digging on
Belle), Heath, have been brought op vast quantities
of oysters, which must have lain then upwards of
1 6000 years, besides Roman pots.
A General Court•Martial--.430e1d at Montreal,
in Canada, on the 21st July, and continued by ad.
joarnments to the sth of August, on Lieut. Henry
Driscoll, of the 99th Regiment, for having falsely
traduced the character of his Commanding Officer,
Brevet-Major MARTIN, of the said regiment, in as-
setting in a Memorial, which Lieut. Driscoll address-
ed, about the 20th Jan. 1815, to Lieut.-General Sir
G.. Datuatoxo, then commanding the forces in
Canada, that he had every reason to imagine that the
amid Brevet-Major MARTIN when examined on nails
es a witness before a Court-Martial held for the trial.
tef Lieut. H. Driscoll, at Niagara, on the '2Bll. Oct,
'lBl4, did swear what the said Brevet-Major MARTiN
knew to be false. Upon which charge the Gout
earns to the decision that the Prisoner was Guilty,
het not with malice, and therefore sentenced him to
be placed at the bottom of the Lieutenants of the regi-
ment, and farther, tube deprived of three years' rank.
The PRINCE REGENT has been pleased to approve
and confirm the finding and sentence of the Court ;
but, under all circumstances attending the conduct
of the Prisoner, in regard to his malicioas dispoal-
Hon towards Brevet. Major M Alerts as referred,to in
a dispatch accompanying the proceedings from the
Commander of the Forces in Canada. The Perect
REGENT has been further pleased to consider Lieut..
cant Henry Driscoll " To be an unfit person to re-
main in his Majesty's service. and to command that
his name shall be erased frons•the list of the Army."
The Dublin Petition against the Window Tat, says
the Freeman's Journal, will be delivered to Mr.
SUAW on Wednesday nest (yesterday). The signa-
tures, if placed in single columns, would extend to
the length of one thousand feet. It is understood
that a Depotation will wait upon the Marquis of
DOWNSIIIRS, at Hillsborough, with the Petition to
the Lords.
Colton sa's Imp:am—Yesterday, an Inquisition
was held at the Rising Son, Bethnal-green' before
J. W. Uswre, Esq. on the body of Mary Wilson,
a rieng woman, who put a peal** Bit Warne
by poison. Verdict—hut:oy.
,„am ti v.

_,_,.

•

-
--• 4-11 r-

We wederstand that es soon as the birth of a s..
cad hale so the aseidnt aid respestable house of
lambtes eras saneesced is Durham, en Friday last,
the belt of the differing perish churches immediately
streak ep a merry peal, bet when the enfortenatei
bell-ringen of the cathedral applied to the Sah-Deadc
Dr. Haggitt, as is atrial, for leave to join in the goJ
newel congratelation on each occasion, they were,
contrary to all. former precedent, refuted the India.
geom. Taking for granted this statement to be tor
rect, our imagination is at once on the rack to sot.
mire the motive which prompted this Sub-Deen to re•
lase a request which could at no rate ansliver soy
Remote beyond depriving those poor bell-ringen of
their *seal compliment of a pound or two, on such
occasions; but as we are willing to suppose idieni-
tary of the church could not be excited. by any vili-
fya motive of resentment against those poor indivi-
duals, ouretrojecteres are immediately net at 44A lo
probe this seemingly ford transaction to the bottom,
and to ,discover the real cause of such apparent per.
motel, eajestifiable malignity. Now, it is well
itioirn, bit. Lanibton is an independent man', and of
amine peak:ally hostile to all those who fetters on the
bounty of Ministers, and who, like all *thee Place.
(nen and Pensioners, must support such priaciples as
they for the time being may adopt, whether good,
bad, or indifferent, however hostile to the Ctinstite-
tion, or inimical to the liberate of the subject. But
one would expect the conduct of Ministers' to be
*imported (at least by men of learning and informs.
by arguments in the Semite or at Public Meets
inc., and not by tittle, pitiful, personal resentments;
and therefore we are equally unwilling to suppose
this conduct could have originated in so base a mo•
tie., for if Gentlemen, mach less Divines, were to
carry their politics into private life, and tura person:
ally hostile to the individuals she might diger from
them in opinion, the roles of hospitality Would be in.
triaged upon, amt the smell, sweet courtesies of life,
which make the paths of it so smooth, would be at
an end.. We, therefore, presume some esplasiailon
will appear ne;t week, accounting for this @Ora.
ordinary refosal, having no doubt that wbeu the,
circumstances, enesplained as it at present appears,
meets the ears of the Honourable and Right
Reverend Prelate, who is the head of that church,
and who possesses the " suaviter in anode," in so
eminent a degree, and whose courtly correctness is
almost proverbial, will not fail to enquire into the
kaose of this singular refusal, and it is still more sur-
prising how this could happen by the directions' of
the Sob-Dean, how a men whose good fortune and
exalted situation are principally attributed to an at.
tendon to the little things of great men, should le
ifiis singular instance have omitted paying his tassel
homage to his superiors. Bet what will the Earls of
Darlington and Strathmore, Viscount Bsrringtee,
the Honourable and Right Reverend the Lord Bishop
,of Lichfield and Coventry, the Honoerable and Re-
verened Anchitel Grey, and other men of honour,
liberality, and family, think of this apparent piece
of ecclesiastical rudeness, malice, resentment, and
nechariteblesiess. We will not, however, investigate
this unpardonable mark of contemptible resentment
more minutely, but conclude our remarks for the
Floret on this estreerdiaary end umptvonlestei pew.
reeding.—(Tyne Mercury.)

. - . .

NARRATIVE or ((4,,/,4_ 111 N,
GAPTIPMT kle JAPAN.
• •{The foltowleg passage contain a pietios4if flew
thaist of the manner hi which the ttr, Captain
Ostavnle, one of his Midshipman , his pilot,
Chiebtelkoff, and Waist ithhisseim4iibb eeptereria
after belogesaticed Itstb"s Papeillowl felliffilii Nth pow
fissions of friendship ' • ff 9 •
" 0e entering the aatingote,l Ott ltisinisMt
the number slims I law elhilebad there. Of Mt.
diets alone, I obeened fMtt tetwalo tour kiedrols
armed with gaskets, boieW vilifireoWn*ond *petal
sitting in a circle, la he open 'Opiate the Agin of thit
gate: on the Left a- cootatittsa iindtitiede of 'Keifiles
surrounded a tent of striped Imo* cloth"'
about thirty paces frets the gat. I eiteeriraidd ham
supposed this small insignilleant piece camps dad.
tensing so many men end eetteladed them
have beat collected gom all thelleTgitboottig
sons since we appeared in the heehaw. .
44 We were soon • introdhced :info the tent, en a
seat opposite to the entrance of width Ike Oeveinne
bad placed himself. He wore a rich sidearm, *ph
a complete suit of armour, and two sabra Wader his
girdle. A long cord of addleeilk pasted oter hits
shoulder ; at emend of this cord west tassel
le=
same materialtend at the others steel bade
he held he his band, -and which was doubtless tho
symbol of his authority. His armoor.bearen, ions
holding f spear,, another a musket, and a third his
helmet 'sat behind Nibon the door. Thaholemet rto
ambled that of-the second in commas& with this dq.
Terence, tint Instead of the tips. of'the moon, it bore
the image of die sn: This officer no* sat on the Lett
of the tiotentor, on a seat somewhat totter than
that of his superior; he, ton, had his armoilr-bearers
behind him. Four. officers were piffle* crees•legged
on the floor on each side of the tout ; they were
black armour, and had each two sabres. On our
entrance, the Governor and Lieotenant.Governor
bath rose op; we saluted them in our own manner,
and they returned the compliment. They larited to
so sit down on a bench which was placed directly
opposite to themselves, bet we chose to nee tho
seats we had brought with us. Oar sailors seated
themselves on the bench behind es. After the intro.
ductory civilities were concluded, they entertained 01
with tea without sugar, in cops which. according-In
the Japanese fashion, were only half filled; the, ceps
had no saucers, hot were handed to as oa smelt trap
made of varnished wood. Before they garnet 'tea
tea they asked whether we wootil prefer any thing
else. Pipes and tobacco were afterwards brought to
us, and the conference commenced. They desired to
know oar names and rank, the name of•oor ship,
whence we came, whither we were hound, why o•
had visited them, what had induced Rustles, ships Lo
attack their villages, and further, whether we knit*
Hesenoff, end where he now wilt ? Our answers
these questions were conformable to the ratements
we hadpreviossly made, and were swatters down by
the Lientenent.Governer.
46 While the conference was ganglia,. Mr. Moor
observed, tint naked sabres had been distributed
among the soldiers who were sitting in the open Apace.
s' lint the kind Whiteley' of the Japeuese, and
their anorance that we had nothing to fear, again
tranqeillieed es, and Inds_ at to 'baud/testae sass
piciliss of their "treache They entertained as
with rice, fish in a green slice, and other savory
dishes, the ingredients composing which we did not
know. They also gave os sagi. After we hid dined.
the Governor was again about to withdraw. I near
declared that we could wait no !Anger, but most re.
torn immediately on board.—On hearing this he onto
more set down, and having intimated that he could
not supply es with any thing without an order
from the Governoi of Matsmai, ander whose jo.
risdietion he was, proposed that one of us Should
remain in the castle as a hostage until a decision
should be returned by that Commander on the report
he was shoat to transmit to him. The Japinise
gen now to throw off the mask. I desirediolie
in-
formed what time would she occupied in seselhattba
report to Milani and obtaining an answer ; be rah
plied a fortnight. I felt, however, that it wettld tar
dishonourable to leave ae'Officer behind ea ite4
hostage. There was; besides, no kneeing telsest
such an affair would be brought tee aractetionwitlt
a People like the Japanese. It was probable that
when the report reached Matenial the Ciontinassdre sir
that island would say Is. could; do nothing
the authority of the General Government ; AIL!
should, perhaps, have to 'wait until Witter for a,
ci‘ive answer. I therefore stated that I could set
wait so long without consulting the Officers wise re:
mined on beard the Diana, and that I *sold leper
no Officer as a hostage. Upon which we sae to
go away.
66 The Governor, who had hitherto conversed in
a soft and geatlevoice, now altered his tom. spoke
loud and with warmth ; frequently mentioned am-
oral.. (Repine') and Nicola-Sandrejeseen (Nicola!
Alesandroivitsch, meaning Chwnstolf, the Captain
of the Company's ship), and struck several times on
his sabre. In this manner be made a long epreok,.oli
whirls the terrified Alesei interpreted to is.only this
following sentence The Governor mp, that if he
let a single one of es oat of the castle his own bowels
will be ript op.' This was brief and decisive! Wo
ioatsntty made all the haste we could to escape. Thai
Japanese did not venture to close upon as, latest opt
• toed cry, and threw oars, and large piame nf weak
at os, to knock os down. On oar reaching the gate,
they fired several times' on os. bat witinsoCeffect,
though Oat of their bills whistled poet the head of
Mr. Chiebniffee. We now found that.they lard sm.
ceededin daunting Mr. Moor, the sailor Mehemet
and our Kurile Alezei, in the castle. We ran, home
ever, to oar landing-Plate, bet in arriving there,
perceived with horror that the tide' bad ebbed abase
live fathoms and left the strand quite dry. As tie
Japanese saw that it was implisible for es to get the
boat afloat, 'and bid previously ascertained that it
conteisied no aims, they becatite confident, edvanced
against es with 'drain sabres, which they. held -in
both Mode nuiskets and spears, and surrounded es'
beside thettioit. nisei a look upon the boat end
said to myself—lt mast be so ; oat last refuge is lost(,
oar fats is onevoidable!—l surrendered."
Fortytoor sail of iessels are sow employed in the
India trade from the town of Salem, Is America*
amounting to 14,020 toes.

I
.

In

4r •

4:

•••.11 DIY ill •••• SI
the propriety of to make th
for the repeal of necessary,
t the Croon Ina, Pa oliament
r. lig st. manure, 50,001. per
experienced ogri. event of heinvereige,
very great value; Sovereign,
toed fay Wile, is subjects,
Intla MUM
•
