TILE STATESMAN.

en rho lbrb invent, in II largo transports, and
sailed on An IBA, ender convoy of shit Sabina 40
gen fsigsto, sod brig The destination of
titers troops Is not known,"

Priestslettere frost Berlin sonoootottel 'het
tel Yee recently bore the Aveiro of frlghltol soon,
Red that the greatest disorder eostieees.—(L'hide-
pliderri.)

COURT Ol► ASSIZR.
TRIAL OF PROFFAPOR BATOOT.
Thyodjoormod procsalliogo eon resumed yester-
day storming at l 0 o'clock.
M. Iliorard, a sopplaaor Jere?, Was sebriitsled for
M. Busrelos, who woo Good 600 fresco for befog
absent.

M. &sem: sdtlressed the July.
M. %mu., Counsel for M. Blettex, spoke nett.
He cooreadod that a Professor was entitled to con-
demn the Isms I. hid to sliming. He reminded the
J.ry of this Mum, attack which woo M. Ballad bad
mods on the Election Lin, whose speech, this'll not
spoken In lb. Chamber of Depetire, was piloted.-
ITb. Penal Code, Ito observed, was digested by ty-
ranny. Boosporto was a spent. " You boos also
.

snan, and yen' know that he did eery thing for his
personal sirens. and (or the lowest' of despotism."
M. Donerafterwsrds shortly addressed the Jary
In Manor of M. Bansea.

The Porwurest recapitulated the evidence, after
which the Airy retired, end in half as hoer returned
• verdict—NW Grid', which was received by three
distinct rounds of applies'.
M. Haloes quitted the Court, accompanied by
about 50 yowls, etclaianiog, " Long live Bacot's."
&remanded by this brilliant retinue, he parsed along
the Post Neal, the Qual de l'Ecole, the roe des
Proems, and proceeded to the Oratolre, when ho
nionaiod • hackney chariot, and from thence, as (roan
a triumphil ear, saluted those present, who followed
him with their *yea as long es he could by sees.

Nutmeat's, JULY *S.—Thus is no longer any
doubt of a numerous diplousaik eseroblege at Carls.
bad ; io oddities to those .beady 'petitioned, M. de
Alopoos fa than on behalf of Rossi'.
Jucy 4t—lt Is understood that affairs
of groat importance Maui Woad the Emperor to ac.
cobra,. his return to Vienna.

Considerable reviews will, it is said, lake place in
atitanio.

Beaux, Jt; LT Tl.—The most perfect tranquillity
prevails in this capital. A small number of students
have, ender vaginas pretests, (pitied this ell.

TO CORRE3PONDE4IIII.

*.• We ediarlbe sillier of A Taco Fasces." We regret,
es soft* as be can do, shut she canoed Liberty h sot Iss
*wee bawds be strews° es " more able;" but sorely, be
will allow that is. JIM ire If son impognable from what be is
pleased .• designate '• dee kopmeary of its abettors." Let
the Whigs wawd forth ow he Iwisentel, sod we ibkiall Ike
diem full credit for their siewsaad endears/ors. The pie
seat system by st Veal the Gingivae.t is carried cm, caveat
last Masi s bat it lofty do marbasere mischief before it is re-
formed by •• A Tara rams's" plea.

PHI( UY STOOKS 11111 DAY AT OfIR O'CLOCK.
Beek Neck 9 pee Cr.*. MOM 10111
9 per Crut. Ital. 711 U lade Mewl. 10 II pa.
i per Cest. Cow. left 711 Leap A.. 191 .1-iii Cow. liseKegeee Nab I pa.
4 per Caa.fili Osmium 911 pe.

Liao& he Ace. 741 il Olt.

THE STATESM AN .

LONDON:
rum. ALGUIT 6, 1319.
SPANISII AFFAIRS.

From Madrid (though not direct) it is stated, that
every thing is again quiet at Cadiz-, and that 3000
troops bad embarked from that port under the COM*
mead of Don JUAN MONLIZI. COGIOAL, but their
mills( was delayed a few do's. Another account
Nye they Wye sailed, in twelve heavy transports, es.
sorted by tho Sabina frigate, of 40 guns, and the
srusekbrig Ligero. We Walt their sailing is post.
posed .d grass Wends..
Of the affairs of the above kingdom, as relating to
t►ose Colonies la South America, hitherto called
Spanish, they go on as the philosopher and the
philiatbropist would wish them. OPINION has
operated more then cue half the victory t►ese brae•
sod 'Woos, People are contending for ; and it is
no trilling circeinstence in the Briton's "natation in
the progress of liberty, to to itness the aid his eosin.
tryaseo lend to the glorious cause, and to see that
the pierces AlatiticAVlS are not backward is ac.
knoteledgiog the obligation.
The last American Papers inform es, that Captain
WILLIT, of the brig Fanny, had arrived at Savannah,
from Port.tu•Printe, with an attoent that *Gat.
coo, with pert of his suite, had reached that place,
four days before be sailed, in a brig of war. M'G ac.
corn, in making his escape from Porte Rollo, broke
two of his ribs. He 'spotted further resources, on
the arrival of which he weeld again commence opera.
tions against the Royalists.
The following part of a letter serfs to skew bow
justly elated are the hopes of the Isorroxocnn, not
only of a final triumph, but that its consummation is
impeded to be not loos delayed :

EXTRACT OP A LTTITIL TO A OIMITLIM AN 1$ LOODOM,

•LCCIVID TISTEZDAY.

" Mendota, is the Province of Glyn, April 21, 1819.

" DIA& bays the highest satisfection is
acqueieling yeti, that elm brave sad excellent General
SAINT MARTIN, who had visited this place for the
reeweery of his health, is perfectly restored, end that
be quitted it ibis dey, in company with the gallant
COIN,' LA Helms, for Chili, with a claw of pro.
ceediag 4irectly from theses to the attack of Lima.
I bale been favoured with the confidence of ear dis-
tinguished General daring his residence in this place,
se Y Y highly to the friends of Liberty,

jamb", and humastity, to know that he has the utmost
confidence in the colorise and enterprise of hb troop;
sad no doubt of their success in rescuing Ike Pe•pie
of Lima from oho tyranny and oppression whisk they
WI long endured from the detested power of Fan.
steaste. In my nest, I hops to hems the *entre
of
coameaicatiog to you the manner in whirls the
indepeadents are received le Lime. We all line en.
derstaad that Lord Cocebtawe, with hiv gee' of 12
ship. of war, are strictly blockading every important
part of the coast of Lima. The know• skill end
bravery of that distinguished 06cor 6t him peculiarly
for this entice. We every day *spent batman
accounts from his lint.

"It has been said by Ger enemies, that Sao M Anus,
COCHRAN', and the Governess.' of Chili, were not
es suited as they should be in their plaos, sod io
cossequencs our attack on Ulna was not likely to
ascend, but I can assorts you they esderstaod esch
other perfectly, end the greatest harmony prevails
among our Chiefs ; yew who know thus, will readily
credit this. I hope and believe 1819 sill be the last
year of war is these coestries.—Your's, with civic
affection,
46

With respect to the Magistrates of Manchester
preventing the Meeting being held ow the inst.
on the ground of its peeper,' being illegal, who
knows that to be the ease? We do not believe the
choosing a Member by the uerepresentml people of
that towo to be its object. A Representative bas
been chosen for Birmingham, and one instance is as
good us a &Du for trying the issue ot efficacy of the
expedient ; lints it sieves, was intended to take St.
Stephen's Chapel, as some chapels and churches der.
ing the war were taken, by steno. The Magistrates
will therefore be cautious ban they commit therapists
by a rash act, to the charge of infriogieg ea the right
of the subject, and violating the Coastitatioe. We
cannot think that a body of men will er can Ince,
the penalty of any law by assembling to discen the,
present unparalleled grievances of the People, sad to
determine es the best sad own effectual seen of
removing the..

11 There as be nothing objectienable nor frightful
Is Sir Joan Blow, the Commander of the district,
lesercising a brigade of soldiers eve, in the very spate
where the Meeting it iniendellee'be held. The mere
the Soldiery and the Peepieeve‘eiribt to look open
one another the better. Mr. WISPRAII use for
keeping them apart, we are not. Sir J. BTIIG is al-
lowed to be a good °Geer; he will do his duty, no
doubt, bet, we treat, no more. He has bed as in-
stance in his sin family of a Ailing Ministry ho.
citing deadly project., sad settilicing as individeal
of rank to save themselves from that popular ven-
geance which they had jestly locorred by ash mis-
deeds, sod only averted by their creel este.

We have been • little eorprixed at a pins, used
In the Times of to•day. is ',femme to the hungry
disturbances of the North, wherein the writer depth-.
cotes the idea of the labourers attempting, as he
styles it, 6' to usurp the rights of representation !"
This is beyond any power of controversiol.seqei-
eseence; and it will so doubt be quoted, in future
times, as • graceful example of our present logic,
that en ephemeral author, perpetually avowing
himself as the friend of reason, as well as order,
should snatch, by one grouping and untried dog.
ma, the conclusion of a dispute which has ig.
solved the greatest minds is opposities for eon.
toilet, and upon which there is yet, theoretically et
least, no legislative conclusion. The revolution, and
the opinions of all philosophic legislators sloe,
the revolution, are saltiest se imperious and ill
defined • postulation ; but beside' this, what
are we to do nit the eommen sense argument,
and the matter of fact ? "To usurp !" Why.
to whom does the right of Representation belong:
We knew who has possession of it. Sorely if there
is any thing clear, it Is that the choice of Ropresen.
tatives belongs to theme who need representation, and
net to those who have to do the service of it. As to
the necessity, we may pass over all pest wrsegiing
sod calamity, and pick proofs from the very sub.
jeer, in descanting es which the Thies hoer
denied the right of bring really represented.—
Th. Proprietors of that Paper are aware that there are
lasts to prevent combination assessg the labourers,
sod have appealed to these laws for the exercise of
their " wholesome severity." The Combination
Lows are without qoaliication, lad visit with peoish.
sent any attempt to raise the price of wages, or to
Reveal their fall. These lees have at last pro.
diced such mischief in the North, by preventing the la-
bearers from defending their rights, that wages are now
too low for raistence, and a small continent is
added from the Poor Rote. The Magistrates at length
hove advised the journeymen not to work for such
prices, sod thus the spirit of enettiaation is sow
cherished beneath the shelter of those Resselias from
which it has hitherto received imilligwalles 1111111
proof. This might teach the Timm, that there are
thisp done in politics, which, besides exceeding the
projects of the Reformers In wildness and visiesari-
nets, ate also avowedly foolish and unjust. If the
journeymen had been only Is well represented as the
masters, and that would have been little enough, the
Combination Laws would not have passed; and yet
the Times talks of " ample; the Rights of Repro.
Notation !"

It Is disgosting and diserscrfel to t►e present MOM
in power, to seo the pains they take to screen t..
great delinquents or epaulets of t►e foods, be.
queathed by benevolent individuals for the edecation
of the poor. If we enquire, however, whence t►is dis-
h able interference to p a proper Imposers
of iniquity, we shall Ind that the defaulters hems
greet parliamentary interest! !
Yeste►day the Duke wf K INT risked the Pains
R PUT at Caltes-hous.

KETURN or rip PRIACRSS or WALES ro
• -,ING &ANIL

Dispetchsiove been received at Kirosington Nitre
from he► the Prineess of Wales, •o.
pointing her imsiediele refe►o to England,
directing that her opertmeets i■ the Paler, shall he
forthwith prepared for her receptMa.
Ilighness has also desired Mil, Gatth 16 tweetlier it
Duero. This sadden resolution of the Printn

Om countenance to the rameer tbst steps sr• to be
taken towards a prosecution of some sort, which
her Royal Highness Is determined to meet in pimp.
Her Moira was totally unespected at Carlton boas,.
—( Monti*: Chronicle.)

The nerve from Frince becomes leer itlierisotng
every day. The specolations on the King's i11y...
disninioh : his Majesty was well sod able to go to
Chapel last Sends,.
M. BAs'utAt was scrieitted, as we anticipated We
gad thot several persons of conirquynce inpn•dia,tly
offered to pet their son. under his private telti
This does not look as if bigotry would peer take
tarn spin to reign ',ser the minds Fiends.
The diplonsitic Meeting at Carlsbad forms a ;frill
era it, the poti,lrol hi,inry of the Continent. II sill
infallibly produce Correepondin: Sodlies in Sony
of the German itates. Mole thin one of the Paten.
twos of Europa wish their troops had wet remained
so long in France. Troth sod freedom are as cone
tsgious as the yellow fever, sod do as mach good se
the latter does berm.
Notions as well ao ierlisiJusls who behove wi'h
ingratitude and folly, (Imre to suffer. it
seems, is appealing to British en...aft, for a 04,1.,
ante in her preens. easompterily distresssi stare —hot
does she deserve an) ? She has 'wreaked every ci.ki
upon either our help or regard by the abase which
the has made of all the keleits which Ili* arms of
Britain had obtained Inc her. By the ca-npii.A
which repelled the French the Peninsula, and by 'he
isoccessfol termination of the straggle, that whim
had the fairest opportunity of pladiog itself upon a
rioting wish the most enlightened country is Eire
rope— but it has ha imbecile King no its throne, anti
" Deliranl reges pleduntur achirr —so mods Cr
the King of SPAIN. It cannot be denied that the
People of Spain hive 'worked their own misery.—.
They spurned the opportunity which was gives thrill
of emancipating themselves from domestic slavery, at
the very moment in which they were relieve] h
the yoke of foreign tyranny, and they volentarily
returned to the political, religious. and moral de-
basement in which we brat (sand Von.

Advice, were received yesterday from Chili to the
3d of March. By the subjoined 'strict of • letter
from an Eqssh Gentleman resident io that coontry,
It will he sops that a formidable force was no the poiut
-of stierehisigt, for tbe perpose of liberating Pero from
tie yoke hf Spain :
as Fees the period of the flight of General SAM.
cuss from Conception, the whole of ibis ewe Nas
found itself on the best footing of security that I. is
possible to desire. The whole of the territory beats
now free, presents a vast field for commerce, for
egriceltere, an:, for Chilies arts; and hence the re-
sources of be Government sees to have bees, in
Seery way, multiplied. Nothing can retard their es.
pedition against lima, which is orate ready to march.
This expedition is composed of the 7th, Sib, 10th,
end 11th battalions of infantry of B Ayrea,
of a battalion Cisadorer, •od of the regiment of
moveted Grenadiers of that State; together with
the 2J, 6th, Bth, 9th, and 10th battalions of the

Infantry of Chili, of the regiment of mounted
Ho aaaaa and of the 21 brigide of Artillery of that
State. The rest of the army of th• Andes and of .Id
Chili remains to march to the assistance of the capi-
tat of the Rio de la Piste, in case the expedition
which is espected from Spain shield be so great, that
such reinforcement should be secessery. The Se.
prem. Director of Chili has met to Ramos Ayres
Don Luts DC CRI4 and Dow SALVADOR DC LA CA.
VAREDA, es Commissinsers I. promote between the
Government and General ARTIOAI an adjustment of
their differences, offering his guarantee for its better
observance. Here it is believed that this is already
concluded affair, end that the Commission here
named be only for its object to observe the forms
agreed ups totems the parties. In the new world
they already know a little of the phastasmagoria
which is copied from the old one."
Numerous copies of the subjoined Proclamation
bad been sent to Lord COCHRANE, to be dispersed
along the coast of Pero, to prepare the inhabitants
for the approach of the liberatioe Army :
PROCLAMATION OF THE:SUPREME DIRECTOR
OF CHILI TO THE INHABITANT. W PERU.

" The moment approaches In which the liberating
arms of Chili must protect year beastilal regiess ;
and soder their shelter, you will at last assess,
amen the nations of the eart►, that high statists to
which year opulence &slimes yea. Ti.s Chilies
squadron, elicit is within sight of your ports, is only
the precursor of the grand Expedition w►ich @p-
proactive to ensure your isidepead•nce. Et.a at t►is
sousent it is aoxiously expected by every geerroas
mind ; the territory of Chili and its adjacent isles
breathe in feeedose from the uppiessot's yoke; our
naval force is sore has aelicieet to achieve our

lIftePHO.
" Yoe cannot believe, that we pretend to treat
rut as a conquered People. Seth a design has never
entered into the minds even of the enemies of our
I common felicity. We wish only to eel yen free and
I happy. You will constitute your own Govetameat ;
choosing the form which best suits your customs,
' your situations, sad your inclinations. You will be
your own Legislators: and will, therefore, he a na.
Sion as free and independent as nureelsea. listen to
contribute, with the forces of Chili, to break your
chains: come and sign on the tombs of Foote Amara,
and of Pamscsboa—these illustrious Martyrs of
berty, the contract which will confirm your inde-
pendence, and oar perpetual frienrlsht...
" BERNARD( 0111GOINF"
An eatra packet has beets ordered to he kept is
readiness at Dover for the conveys's= of the Delta
of WSLLIKOTOW to Ostend. Itemiser says. he it
going to inspect the liae of foritestwa .0 the Frisch
(testier.
