for hit country and the welfare of his fellow.
citizens would not allow him to agree• to their
coalition being maintained at the espe►►ce of their
rights.— ppplauses.)—lle felt the utmost respect
fur his Sovereign, and was ready to acquieke in
any measure which could administer to his hap-
piness. The City, hoiever, had nu trilling cause
at stake, and it became their duty to support their.
rights ►►ith strength and unanimity. What had
they done to induce Ministers to treat them thus,
and to bereave them of the antient charters of
London! The otrenee was unpardonable, and it
behoved the Livery to express their indignation
in the must forcible terms. Mr. Fayell cuniinued
in a strain of energy to inveigh against the pre.
sent perversion of the constitution, and to draw
a glutting picture of the base attempts that were
made to set aside the Bill of alights, and subvert
these advantages which Magna Charta had esta.
Wished, SO indisputably for the benefit of the Bri.
tish Empire, and for the independence of the
subject. lle concluded by moving certain Rego-
' lotions, fur a copy of which sec Ist page.

Mr. JONES seconded the Resolutions.
After the first R.esnlutio• had been carried, and
the second was put—

Mr. Sheriff ATKINS presented
.himself to the
Hall, and in a very elaborate speech endeavoured
to skew that the Livery never possessed the right
of presenting any Address or Petition to his Ma-
jesty upon the Throne. The worthy Sheriff had
gone on for lo ale time in this strain, with occa-
sional interruptions, but at length there was a
general burst of indignation, which rendered it
expedient for him to retire.
Mr. IVAITIIMAN then appeared, and was
received with acclamations of applause. He
pointed out the mistake under which the Honour.
able Alderman had been arguing throughout ; foe i
that Honourable Gentleman had confounded the
right of the Corporation to present any Address
or Petition to his Majesty upon the Throne, with
' that claimed by the Livery on this occasion, to pre.
sant their Address or Remonstrance at the Leve&l
But the revisal to allow the Sheriff, of London a
personal audience of his Majesty on this occasion,
Was really calculated to excite both astonishment
and indignation; fur such a refusal had never been
attempted before, up to this particular instance.
It would be recollected, that when his Majesty
first declined, in 1795, to leceive the Petitions of
, the Livery ott•thuTbruoe,4 was prescribed to pre..
sent such Petitions At the jeer, and to that pre-,
scriptiou it was now proposed to conform. Bat
Ministers would nut allow of even that :odor.
mil. They required that the w hole thing
should be vested in their discretion—either to
throw the Address or itesolutions in the fire, or to
communicate them to his Majesty. But the Live r 1
skewed a deposition even to concede, in some de..,
give, to Ministers. At the last Common Hall the
right was s-aived to present a Petition to his Majesty
at the Levee, and it was proposed merely to re.
quire a'pensonal audience. Fur the first time, this
yeas denied—fur the 'tint time since the Revolution
this denial took place. Nay, the sentiment that
prevailed even previous to the Revolution, whets
attempts awe mad, to seize our Charier, showed
how tenacious our ancestors were of everything con.
fleetest with the right of petitioning. In order to
illustrate that sentiment, the ‘Vorthy Member
read the following extract from the speech of Sir
George Treby, Recorder of London, upon an in.
wresting argument with regard to the question of
petitioning'.
" That the Constitution and Law of the Land had given to
thr Subject the rigid of petitiiming and of access to the Si,
'retitle Governor, to represent to him weir grievances, and to
play a redress of theta; and, that the same. Law gave tkeit
also a right to state in their petitions those faits and reasons
whic caused their grievances, provided tome fats are true.
" The facts recited iii the petiolate were unquestioubly true,
and even c.tifessed by Cie King's t ouncil—the City admitted
the King's power to prorogue Parli.unent, and did in no sort
question rt. They only insisted, that it was as true, that all
their grievances and dangers did proceed from that law tail, but
macaw:able, act of the King's, and as there was one part of
Ow Constitution that gave the King power to promos the
Parliament, so there was another part of the Committals*
that gave the Subject on on-loaf right to petition for redress
of grievanCes ; and that, therefore, to punish a man for .hew-
ing in his petition those grievances which be desires tube re.
dressed, and the casein at them, was the same thing as to de-.
ny him the right of petitionieg, and that seek a desitd woad I
infer oppression and the nowt abject slavery ; for, when the
Sultjet es ore misused and grieved, a..d are denied the liberty
to complain and pray the King to redress 'hose evils, where
are they comtitutiowilly to look fur relief 1"
The Honourable Gentleman animadverted at
some length, and with considerable spirit, upon
the endeavours of the present Administration to
injure the right so justly estimated by the high
authority he had quoted. But these endeavours
formed a part of the systematic attack which was
making upon the whole Constitatioo of the Conn.
try. According to that Constitution—according
to the Act of Settlement—it was piovideil that no
'damsels ur pensiouers should sit in the House of
Commons, and yet that Houle was uuw need/
tilled by placeinen and pensioners, or those who
were so by pr-ay. By the same Act, no foreigner
aas to hold any place of profit or power, either
civil or military, in this country ; but that proti.
shot was totally discarded, and we had now no
less than 30,000 foreign troops quartered upon
us. And in addition to thcsu outrages, it seemed
the resolution to deny es the the right of ;Kai-
tinning. Adverting to the allusions which he had
made in that flail with regard to Lord Castlereagh,
the Hots. Member stated, that he had, since his
last explanation, Gould, that before he had been
applied to by the Noble Lord's friends to make
that explanation, legal opinions had been consult.,
ed fur lU ur 12 days, whether an action could not
he maintained against him, for a hat lie had said in
that [,l general xlioat of indignation
This of course he did not know when he was ad-
dressed by Lord C.'s friend. • Bat the consul-
tation with lawyers to punish being found unavail-
ing, it was thought expedient to conci:iate. I When
, the N obit: Lord could- nut gratify his disposition, by
'arcking the former, he bent to his policy attendingto
the latter. As it was not deemed expedient to
prosecute hint (Mr. %V.) for a libel, an appeal
was made to his ;saviour and justice on the part
of the' Noble Lord's 'Helot. '1'1) this appeal he
attentle,l, and gave all the explanation which cats.
dour add justice mill require. With that expla-
nation the parties who appealed expressed them.
Alves perfectly satisfied ; and yet he bad. been

.

AN.

•
since most basely misrepresented. It had been
said that be had retraeteds.pet this he denied,
for he had nothing to retied. What ho had
stated was, that Lord Castlereagh's family re.
ceived thirty thousand pounds a-year from the pub-
lic purse; and he objected to the opposite stationeot
made to him by the Noble Lord's friend ; because
he observed that 9,0001: a-year was omitted,
which had only been relinquished by the Noble
Lord, and his connections, about a month or two
before; and he also objected to tbe deduction of
the sane paid to clerks or deputies, the whole
roming out of the public purse. But what struck
him most particularly was, that the Noble Lord's
friend.professed not to know that certain persons,
enjoying considerable sinecures,. were related to
the Noble Lord, until he (Mr. W.) told him so.
(A general laugh.) Whee he mentioned that Lord
Camden received 30,0001. a-year, which made the
aggregate sum derived from the public by Lord
Castleroagh's relations 66,0001. instead of 36,0001.
as he had before mentioned, the Noble Lord's
friend expressed surprise. " Nay more,'.' ob-
served Mr. NVaithuniti, " the Noble Lord's friend,
in alluding to the amonnt of Lord Camden's sine-
cure, stated that he could not reconcile it to his
conscieuee, nor did 'he conceive how any honest
man could take so much money out of the pockets
of the public, without doing any thing for it,
adding that he was certain Lord Castlereagh did
not differ from him upon the subject of that
sinecure.!' In conclusion, the Him. Gentleman
said, that he thought it his duty minutely to state
these facts, because tbe public were interested in
them, and because it was right to make known the
tricks and jeggles' to which these men resorted,
who would' acritice kindred, friendship, and can.
I dour, to serve their own ends.

A Gentleman, whose name we could not leant,
proposed the appointment of a Committee of 20
Members to watch over the rights of the City or
London, and to dolga the means of guarding
against their violation.
lint upon Mr. Waithman recommending the
lttopriety of farther deliberating about sucha mea.
sure before it was put to the vote, the Honourable
Gentleman was Willi:et' to wave his proposition.

The several Resolutions were then put and car.
rind unanimously. •

THE PEASIAN AMBASSADOR.

Yesterday was the day appointed for his Excel-
lency to visit the Prince of %Vales. Soon after
twelve o'clock, his Royal Highness's carriage and
six beautiful bay horses, with new harness, end
handsomely decorated with- eihbous, the coach.
man, postillion, and two- footmen, in rich state
liveries, also his Royal Highness's. nussar footuian,
in his superb dress, and his itoyal Highness's sr-
mourer, Mr. Bootle, in an elegant dress of green
and *old, went to his Excellency's house in Mans.
field-street. %Vlien his Excellency came out of his
house, he utilized the beautiful horses, and ap-
peared highly pleased with the whole equipay.
His Excellency was acoompanicd in the Prince's
carriage by Sir GOre. Ouscley, his interpreter.
His Excellency's carriage followed with Mr. Slur.'
tier, his Excellency's Secretary, his Page, and
Mister of his Mules. They arrived at Carlton
Howie at one o'clock, when the signal word of
Slut lir was given, the same as as done to an.
nounce the entrance of their Majesties, or seine of
the Royal
His Excellency entered at the west este of the
court-yard, where the porters attended in their
elegant state liveries. His Royal Highness's at.
tendants, in tluir fell dresses, were at the
grand entrance to receive his Excellency, and
conducted int- through the Grand H ill, in which
five of the Yeomen of the Guard, and an Usher,
formed a line for his Excellency to pass tiocougla ;
he. appeared extremely struck with their novel
appearance, and made several inquiries of Sir
Gore Ouseley respecting their duties and establish-
ment. _ _

On his being conducted into the proem-sof the
Prince, his Royal flighisets rcceivud his Execilen.
cy with all the princely digaity, affability, and
gentlemanlike manners, for which he is so highly
distinguishol. ilis Ruyal.llighness was accosts's*.
nisi by his Royal Brothers, to receive his Excel.
Iw►ey.. They wee all diesged in their regimental
uniforms, except the-.llake of Clarence, oho•
wore a blue curt; all their lioyai iiighnesisee wore
the Order of the Garter. His Excellency conti-
nued his visit about three quarters of an hour,
and then, his Excellency, with his attendants, re.
Wised it► the same order as they came. All the
Royal Dukes' attcndants.►vore their full liveries on
the occasion.

tAir INTELLIGENCE. •

COURT OF KILNGI BENCII,
WEDNYADAT, JAN. 24.

.
mo.minrimo

ADJOURNED SITTINGS BEFORE LORD ELLENIIO-
- Apt) SPECIAL JURIES IN GUILDUALL,
LONDON.

Ouing tir the lateness of the hour to which the
house of Lords sat this morning, Lord Ellen.
borough aid not come into Court until noon to-
day, the consequeueu of which was, that no-
thing was done but what might be termed husi-
oseis of course—new trials that stood over from
th.• Circuit, and which were to have been disposed
bf List term.

The case of the King V. Ashwell was called nn,
but was put ulf on account of the absence of Mr.
Clarke.

Tho Coart did not sit longer. than two o'clock.

The frequenters of the Circus will have to la-
ment the absence of their favOurlie BRA DBuity.
lie re-opens the illancliester Amphitheatre At
Easter ; his last season %%as very attractive : in
aitlitioti to his own exertions, no expence in de-
corations, and obtaining first.rate Performers were
spared. He is now at Liverpool, where his un.
malted drolleries in Clown, and acting in seri.
..01 ensure each *veiling crianded an.
trim. • •

I

NIMiIIN

"At
