' I

•
•

*T. 'VI!,
s lb\ •
tirbliticool;
. Nit -

THE KrA'III4ISMAN._

%•-•

, have been aware thtia,tbeei deetween the calamities of wa *her thejeeve; en;
largely co-quitted in the great achievements of their arms was entitled, not on the partsof Norway,as- al -dared for the sake of (retails No aedtindepene.
(p r country. . right, to orter. It '
Mr. PONSONBY concurred in what had just recent publications t' wereride not to seceee }hit nt nation from the impositi fSI ffirelgolyake,,
in the part of.Denntark, -bet as in the case of Spain, and when they were inflicted
fallen from his lien. Friend. Although unusual for provlnceio comply WI
that side of the Iloore •to interfere for the extension season ;but let these . annexation of Nterwertee...(as they were proposed to be at present) fur
of that remnueratlon which the Crown thought fit Scotland during the reign , Fel-__ er engagement, and having the very purpose of reducing a whole peep!. tie
• dO7d‘t-
to bestow, • yet Ise could not refrain from expressing Baliol meanly trausferredhiscrown to his conqueror; ma Weesertere, bound to keep it. The oblige- , slavery ?—As to the part we should take he the pry
,
,Iris dissent from the grant to Lord Wellington.— but the Scotch, as ansenciest, leranosediedependent *ion "of •the teener were, 'heaafilrtenteacted lit"- sent contest, Mr. Whitbread contended that e_eretild
It,was true the Prince' Regent conferred upon him nation, refused compliance, and 'Met:their patriotic difficulties ; we were called,upon to fulfil them when 'be perfectly gratoitous spd volunta.reviteremei ids;
the most elevated lank, and the Right lion. Gen- leaders were finally triumphant. The•sanie was the comparatlvelfat our ease. They were undertaken obligations in the Treaty to bind us, 'ere were eve •
Remelt opposite (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) case with the Welch, during the reign -of Edward ; ; when wewentnienaced by danger, should we littler irewir as• to the-condeet • wrivitessidiSmeefr. .1114
proposed an annuity amounting to' 11% or 19,0001. conducted by feewellyn their native Prince, they from thede-wilien that danger was gone by r The Crown Prince of Sweden had net felfilled the .stie
per annum, as a corresponding support. He de- filled the summit of Showdown with warriors, and House and the country should compare tha bur potations of tfits Treitty,b-y which
,sess, ;hio agra,id Id
nied that such a sum was adequate to the suitable resolutely declared that the submiasidn of their !when Sweden joined the common cause with the*.
.astist him in elte subjugation anitotisie melon oeieem
netisttenance of the highest rank which Governmeut leader would not induce them to acknowledge the 'sent. The pokier of England and the liberty et Wee. !lids Wes, his m oplitinnjiKt it el;
be a
ceuld confer. It might be said that Lord Welling- authority of one whom they branded as a foreigner. Europe. were then enveloped in a black and baleful. Bend, the ePluiots ofstip. highest niiMary stasi,ria
tuts held estates in Spain and-Portugal ; but would it I Perhaps the advantages derived from the co-opera- 1 cloud, as far at the politician's sphere of vision could ties, that Sweden had not given that assistance to the
be Wise fur the House of Commons to take these into I time of Sweden had justified the amount of our sub- extend, the power of Francentill threatened to de- • common Cause, whichibe seethourid,beetheeapress
cnsisisleration ?—[licur, hear !]-- For what time tidies; bat we were making other prodigious semi• stand as a torrent from its height, and,sweep away conditions of thieeitetylecipleil-,ontsitrisci; io give.....
could their continuation be calculated ? In thel.fices for stipulations that had not is pen too scrupu- the independence, and the boundaries of natibes ;
;Iletehould 'like tq have Ate opinions ot 3ir cheoes
evens of war, the descendants of the Noble Chief- ' bushy fulfilled in ceding Guadeloupe, and transfer- :but the cloud had passed aerie', and the light of *.irfewarte of ,Mar,sl4l,Blucher," as tollierfeotivept.
fain would have no interestivr possessi s situated in I ring' Norway. Sweden was the natural ally ofl.likevese has agates shone upon mankind. —Thee operation of Sweden, atethe battle ote etipsicenee .
a hostile land.—[llear, hear !]-lle was also against 1 Frence; they. were called the Frenchmen of the i threatening torrent had descended it was true, but It 'after -that- bettlee after -the Allies had entered
any giant which did not give perpetuity to the great I north, and they exulted in the appellation, and their flowed a feeble and disregarded. ringlet at our feetee- France, or ' • sirlseet ;they • were under the well,
object of its formation, viz. the carrying. down tot reverence Would not be diminished under the Go- llt was the opinion of a grave Jurist, that in estimat- le Paris. With•etespect to the charge 'of tree.
posterity the principle from which it emanated, with, vrrnment of a Frenchman. He would advise Britain ; ing the value of any favour, -we should recur to the cliery against Denmark, In defeating the entree
this dew he preferred a territorial possession to any not to rekindle war, for the purpose of enforcing a' circumstances of time under which it was conferred. of Norway, which she
;herself had ferment made,
remuneration arising from monied interest. So im- Government against the feelings of the people; and This was not the time to. deliberate upon the policy it wait sufficiently answered by the tatefleation
pressed was he (Mr. Ponaseeby) with the necessity; he was concerned to see us with our armour. of conn; or the wisdom of the stipulations. However incone of the original . Treat); wide ;VW country, so
of ass ampler grant to the Duke of ‘Yellington, that ; science buckled on our bosoms, and with our arms ! venient or disagreeable they may be felt, they must lateen the 19th of April, when it-Was plain that the.
if the Chnsecellor of the Exchequer did not himself . from the armoury of God engaged in such a cause.—;. be fulfilled. No alternative remained. If the clues- Allies were perfectly satisfied with' the conduct sag
suggest it, he would feel it his duty, and one from ; [War, hear n—lie would therefore move that en ' those was considered ie a moral point of view, it was good faith of the King of Denmark. Every-ene
which he would not be deterred, except by the most , humble. Address Should be presented to the. Prince ' clearly Isis opisilon Sat the cession by Denmark was knew what blockade'meant in the presentinstance,
Moieties appearances of failure, to propose, 84 an ' Regent, praying that his Royal Highness would be . morally compulsory upon Norway. (Marsha's- Ti It•was not intended to prevent the sendintof antis Of
a:nendment, that a sum of 4or 600,0001. should be graciously pleased to order measures to he taken to Prince Christian, he .observed, assumed the greatest ammunition to Norway, but to• cut off her supplies
voted to the Illustrious Chieftaite—Uicarn ; rescue the people of _Norway from the dreadfueal. latitude in his construction of treaties. He ac- of food, to inflict upon her that which had been 4,
Mr. CANNING added the expression of his feel. ternative of famine, and in the mean time to home tse. . knowledge, one article of the..treaty of cession by scribed by Mrel3urke as the greatest of -all possiVe
lugs to those of the Hose Gentlemen opposite, on ; dery for the British ships of war to discontinue the i Denmark, for the purpose of having the advantage of calamities, as a calamity as dreadful that every ha-
the necessity of mottilicently remunerating that ! blockade. . i peace with England, which it provides, and resists.. mane mind shuddered and turned away from its cone
Would enot the House pause then be.
which was enuteficently won.—Uittar, hear '.] —Go- 1' ' Mr. LAM BTONif, ih rising to eecond theemotion ! the article of annexation in the same treaty, for the temptation.
veNtnent, however, had other views, which often *of his llosiourablti and Learned Friend, could not ; purpOse of erecting Norway into an independent , fore they proceeded to this last act of aggravated ins
Intee reluctantly limit their reward of meritorious content himself with giving a silent vote on a subject kingdom. But• Prince Christian trust acknowledge juptice and cruelty ? Yet Ministers would not allow
service. On an occasion like (lie present, it is:‘, es- -of -Ms greet importance as the independence of a the whole etogether, ',or lose theitideintage he may them to enquire, or were themselves most scandalous.
&meet', desirable that whatever grant the public whole nation. They were called on this night to m !derive fro any pert. :Again, „Oleo *duetting to ly ignorant, whether the conditions. of a Treaty*
'nee; required, should flow from the Government,• give to, or to withhold their sanction, from a pro- Norway the right of asserting her Independence, ; which could alone bind them down to such disgrace,
sell not appear to be the result of any competition, ' ceeding which had no parallel. They. who were was it not still at the discretion of other nations •ful conduct, had been fulfilled or nat. He was sorer
by which it should seem to have beets wrung from lovers of freedom, were celled on to trample on the whether they should acknowledge Norway its that not to see an' Honourable and Learned Member (Mr.
the Ministers of the Crown. If the Chancellor of rights of a free and independent people. Persons capacity ? He admitted the use made by his Hon. ;Stephen) in his place, or he should have animadverted
the Exchequer was not prepared, at the instant, to who bad a recollection of the actions of their an. .Friend (Sir J. Mackintosh) of the arguments drawee on some expressions that had fallen from him,
decide upon the extension of the sum, he would eotors, would be anxious to free themselves from from the cue of Corsica. Bet why rather chuse '_Hee might have alluded to the half pious, half profane
suggest to him the propriety of postponing to a fu. • such ass imputation, it being impossible that they I the analogy which Sicily afforded ? The reason was
„expression which he had suffered to escape him, 64
Sure and an early day, his communication upon the' should not admire a people who were content to obvious. Ilia Hotnand Learned Friend well knew ;we had thrown the gauntlet to the Almighty, who
subject ; little time could be spited for this purpose, ' submit to the horrors of war and famine in defence that Sicily" had been contimially. shuffled by treaties ;he had no doubt would take it up. fee wool(' also •
1
it ought to be heel'd upon its own intrinsic merits, !of their liberties. This was to be regarded, not in from one power to another, who in general bad used (if he were present) say, that that fienourable•
and its decision should precede the arrival of that pe. ; the nature of a cession, but of a conquest. Where her without mercy or moderation. He (Mr. C.) op- . Gentleman's tender mercies, were cruel, though Wi-
riest, when the presence of the illustrious Chieftain' was the drown Prince to be found in the hour of posed the treaty when proposed for the sanction of - himself was not among the wicked; for if he had net
might in future be said to have infused on enthusiasM greatest danger? Not in Germany or in France, the House ; hut having been once sanctioned by the known his voice, and person, and manner on welt
which superseded all sober calculation. The deci. ' supporting the common cause, but pillnging other House, he wished it should be executed. lie was .as he did, he should have supposed, during sies
s:oit, he trusted, would.be one worthy of the House kingdoms on his own 'account. Did these who .not one of those who formerly extolled and ready . speech to night, that he 'was hearing-one. of thee"-
and the country, and the Government could-not be , claimed the late fortunate results en 'She reward of loss:tail the character of the person who stood upon ; persons who used formerly to descant on the mileriee
called on to perform a more grateful task then to perseverance, and of the encouragement of that spirit
.the steps of the Swedish throne. He would not ;of the Africans in their own coutitrye In otdet te'
bring up the reward to the item of public feeling.—, which had fest broke out in Spain, think that a ii- speak disrespectfully pr disparagingly of that per- !ehow the !justice and humanity of the Slasein;de:-...
—r,.. Hear, hear Q . . • miler spirit ought nut to he encouraged in Norway ? sole. With respect to the extent of our stipulations : [Here Mr. Whitbread, seeing Mr. Stephenentee ;kir
The CHANCELLOR of the tXtHEQUER re. ' —lf they thought en he trusted they would be mis. ito Sweden, he (Mr. C.) was somewhat embarrassed ; House, hailed hisapproacis, and recapieulatidg whet
plied, that no money could be adequate to the No. taken; that a-similar result would attend the efforts to ascertaiu Weir in caning ; belt, btu Cotestatitit the ..te had just said, proceeded.]-1f shot !funoutot4q:
bie Deke's services. Anxious to meet the feeling of of Ilse people of Norway, and that the flerne Would Istipulations' of Russia, and reading else treaty °flier,' end Learned Gentleman svers% not, .ttl,se ousto.f the.
the House, lee would add 100,0001 e to the suns at; only burn the brighterfrom the attempt to subdue it. I titien, he found that our engagements weistelayondeepoet moral and philosophical characters of she ttgeb,
first tut
'1
* Tquestion being p
he qut from the Chair, the mere act of cession, but did not • amount to a:,who held all jacnbins and locobinisru in • the stood
Mr. WII ITBREAD expressed his conviction that ;Mr. S'rEPIIEN said, he reverenced the venerable guarantee. In the treaty of partition the High Can.! abhorrence, he should almost have mistaken him eitt•
the sum was now complete, and such as the nature Isesntf: notions, and would always sapped the pro- trading Powers undertake to put each other in pos-tone of the Members of the Constituent Assembly of
of the case required. ! prier) of maintaining national faith solemnly pby force of "ms' and it is 'not
" a subse- iFTance, setting out on a crusade to Norway, with.
The Resolution, so amended, was 'then put and mitigated in treaties. The Government must ob- *sent article in it that the guarantee is expressed.— ; the Rights of Man in one • hand, and a sword and
carried near. eon.— I serve in treaties ; and Vattel, in particular, said Them ills, however, nothing which he (Mr. C.) famine in the other,' to compel them to accept of
" Thal a sum. not exceeding 13.0001. per annum, should be that they ought to be observed in a literal sense— would 'not say to be fairly Klima from the stipule- freedom and happiness, on the peril of their lives.t-
payable out of the Consolidated Fund to Lord Wellington and that it was unworthy of a great nation to subtilise Bon of this treaty. [Hear ! from the Opposition. 3 Mr. 'Whitbread here pointedly alluded to the sen.dt ..
his heirs for erer." &e. respecting the words of its own 'treaties that it hews" his wish to state leis opinion distinctly toittitt, meat of the Right Hon. Member for Liverpool, deli.
4s That estivate be lawful for the Commissiotters of the ought not to have recourse- to chicanery in fulfilling 'Heal*. But in his anxiety on the one hand he 1 vered out of the House at a convivial meeting,in
Treasury to *dream any ram, not exceeding 400,0001. for the -,
porelwe of lands, ternmentsi &c. as a commutation of the •
s $ engagements. But the lion. Gentlemen would, week! inot consent to have• the good faith of Eng- which that eloquent Speaker had declared his satis.•
above IMPUIoy." i have them elude the treaty, because the Crown' laud called In question by Foreign Powers. Serb faction, that it was in the wilds of Russia. or of a
This Resolution was agreed to—the Report to. ! Prince had not gone to Paris quite so soon as they were his feelings on the subject ; such his individual barbarous a
nd
ddespefeatedotic countr
is,y,a cc that
ording Benipartthe•
e
morrow. I wished R.—[lcer! from the Opposition Benches] opinion. •• - i had been fi. Th to
The CHANCELLOR. of the EXCHEQUER , —After Wing so materially assisted the cone 1 Mr. WHITBREAD said, that if the Right Hon. Right lion: Gentleman, proved that patriotism had
then proposed, that sums of 2000 L a. year should be . men cause by the defence of Berlin—by his pre- Member who had spoke last, had not been wettable nothing to do with freedom or forms of Government.
severally granted to Lords Lynedock, Hill, and : ceedings at Leipsic—the Honourable Gentleman as well as accustomed to weigh the Meaning of words, ,He wished the Right Hon. Member and the Learned
Bereaford, and their two next surviving heirs. I would raise doubts, when it possibly might turn ihe should have supposed (het he had mistaken the', and Hon. Gentleman behind him, to apply thie
A long conversation here took place, In which lout that he had only been fulfilling a part of the purport of his Hose. Friend's motion. For if, as he ' theory to the brave and unfortunate people of Nor.
Mr. W YNNE and Sir C. MONCK contended, that ' general plan. To despoil an enemy of part of his ii declared, though he lead foreseen all the great and ' way, and not to suffer them to be juggled out or
the annuity should extend to the heirs generally of territory, was trot against the usage of war, tor ; glorious consequences which he ascribed to the con- their natural rights and political independence, by
the parties. I the law of stations ; and by the treaty with Swedent elusion of thiSTreaty., he would not have acceded to ; fine theories of liberty and happiness., by technical'
The CIIANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER and', England engaged to nothing that was contrary to iit at dietime ;if there was no price which he would ' acuteness, and the strict letter of unfulfilled
,
Mr. thyrii (MCI' replied ; after which the Itesolu- ! such usage. .1 not now'give to be free from its obligations, he (Mr. i treaties.
•ions were agreed to, and the Report ordered to be I Sir J. MACKINTOSH, in a very animated speech, . Whitb4id) did not, see how he could object to the I The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,.
received to-morrow. * I supported the motion. lie was astonished dt the I words of his Hon. Frien,d's Motion, which went only that he should not so mach consider what right'
swEDISTe TREATY. ! docltities maintained by the Hon. and Learned Gen. I re recommend it to Government to use its itsfluence Prince Christian and the Norwegians had to resist,
Mr. WYNNE, on bringing forward his promised : denote who lead spoken before him. ft was by no : and interference, if it were possible without a direct as what obligations this country was under to op.
motion, observed, that the King of Denmark, for i means his wish to elude the treaty, but the question breach of our engagement, to save Norway from the pose that resistance. As to the ratification of tier
himself and his successors, renounced all sovereignty ; before the House was, whether or not there was any horrible alternative, either of famine or submission to Treaty with Denmark, so far from that being a pre.
over Norway, recalled all the Danish troops and i doubt respecting the justice of its provisions, and a bated foe: If there were any Members in the sumption that all the terms of the Treaty were cone.
t•unctiona ries, and fulfilled, in every respect, as far :if so, ought they not to recommetel deliberation be- House to-night whO had never heard the Right Hon.. plied with, it was not until after the Treaty was ran
as he had power, his treaty with Sweden. The* fore carrying on the most odious-exiremities of war ? Gent. before, they would he lamentably disappointed tified, That we had a right to call upon Denmark fee ,
treaty, its its construction, only demanded the re. all they implored of leis anvil Ilielesseas was, to by the very imperfect specimen which he had given of the execution of the terms of it. The declaratiod:
nuticiation of all claims on Norway, hut that renun. ' pause and enquire ;at the time of making the treaty his eloquence and powers of imagination. His which was published by Prince Christian, or the ef- •
einlion, when obtained, yielded no satisfaction. In ?'the events that lead lately taken place were not Con.. " rose' of waters, his trickling stream, his ferry-boat,' fects produced by it, afforded no criterion of the real
a tteaty ambiguous as the present, we ought to con. templated. His lion. Friend had said, that Sweden Ilia ships climbing mountains," were not all in that sentiments of the Norwegians upon the subjectees
strue its meaning conformable to the laws of nations awould not have accepted of the treaty had its fulfil- . Gentleman's usual style of oratory. But though he The Norwegians were not made acquainted with
fors by these, the treaty was professedly drawn.--ee meet depended on the will of Norway; but this had himself been thus confined and cramped in the their real circumstances, and misrepresentation had.
lie would not waste the time of the House by (pot-' will was necessarily implied from the very law of' display of his abilities by the technical formality of been employed to make them believe that Eugland
lug nt length the opinions of wise aced enlightened nations, The uuthora that bad been referred •to, his. reasoning, yet he lead ,no right to complain of was favourable to the plan of declaring them an in.-
Legislators on similar subjects ; he would simply , though certainly not infallible, yet niforeed a digest others who had used all their eloquence to rouse the dependent people. As to, the conduct of the Crown
mention, that boils Grotius and Pufretidorff concur- of the opinions and practice of Europe on the soh. feelings of a British house of Commons against Prince of Sweden, he should only say that the;
in representing that a Monarch might be per. jest. lie denied the pow!, of Denmark to cede an act which would compromise and tarnish the ; Allies, who were lime best judges of the
,services ren.
ailed to dismember his dominions for the purpose Norway.‘ No similar instance lead been given as an character of the country. The Right Ho- • dered them by his co-operation, were the persotte
of securing the remainder, but he could not compel ! mintier. If they negatived this motion, they would atourable Gentleman charged his lion. Friends wish who now called upon us for the fulfilment of our
the people of leis dismembered dominions to acsAteate I, make Holier, who mate so noble and gallant a leaving endeavoured to inflame the passions of the stipulations. There was a difference of opinion •
its their change of masters. These opinions were, ; stand, a traitor to his country and government, for House with a description of the horrors and calatni- , among high military authoritif2s, whether considering;
for ages, the landmarks of public law, and it had al- ihe had acted Irecisely on the principle, that A So. ties of war, which were equally inseparable from le. , the great force the French retained in garrisons one
ways been presumes', whets the language of a treaty 1 vereign had nortight to make the transfer of a coon. gitimate or illegitimate warfare. It was true, those : the Elbe, the. Crown Prince of Sweden acted right in
was found obscure and ambiguous, that its meaning i try without the consent of a people. After the dia. horrors were inseparable from all war, and ought marching against Davoust and the Danes. Maar
was not hostile to national law, and it was construed 1 ratter that our navy, and now our army under Lord for that reason never to be out of the minds of the high military authorities thought that it was the moss'
uccordingly. It might be said, we were at war with 1 Wellington, had acquired, were we to stain their House. . What was theiv, then, that could at any ' prudent course. At all evens, when it was con.,
Denmark and Norway, and having made peace with glory by acts of injustice and oppression ? Was it time, reconcile us to them ? Nothing but this: the eidered that he did not call for the stipulated aulto
the former, we were compelled to continue hosti- fit that the Norwegian mothers should point us out jostire of the cause its which we were engaged,
,and ihiary force from Russia (ellen that country wait'
lilies wide the latter ; but it would hardly be main- to their famished children as their destroyers, while the absolute necessity of inflicting them. The Right pressed with difficulties), he might' be excused wheu•-
eeissed, that we had a right to continue the war till we claitned at the same time the high title of the Übe- Hon. Gentleman, with' his usual subtlety, had talked that danger was over and the malts force of Frances
the Norwegians should be subjugated. We went to raters of Europe? of the distinction'hetween ideas and elle analysis of broken, if he thought that a proper ties. to MIK:
w3r with Dennsark, because she refused to delii;er Mr. CANNING argued at great length against ideas ;he had vniunteered, as it were to take the-his original designs. • There was.a.tirne that it areotd,
‘:;) her fleet ; we accomplished our purpose, but the motion. Were..the question •now before them, hero and conetieree by*.e hand, and ty-teadiniCnot be safe -for this coontry to bleak that Tretar
Denmark continued the war for the sake of indemni- whether this treaty ought to have been entered into him from the tteld of battle to an hospital, instantly- .which Parliament had sanctioned with Sweden Ince
feestion, she was overawed into submission, and or not with such's stipulation, he certainly would to dispel the illusion of martial glory. By pointing • Russia• if it was meow safer to break that TrollY,it
Norway held out, because her independence was be one of those who *odd not give it his concur- •to wounds.' contusions, and dislocetionss he would ‘lO on that account more incumbent on our honour
titaile the price of Denmark's safety. Was it just, , rence ; but being signed and ratified, the questiou cosivisece ney Lord Wellington, PI example, that the , spa good faith not to break it. ' ,e. .
v.a, it liberal, then to attempt the. subjugation of a now was, whether they were to violate it or not ?.-• victories of Salaneneca and 11 elajoa, which had beets • ' Mr. I'ONSOISHIr.said, Qin Riiht• icon.. GentlP.
country that implored for peace, and sought for pro+. There might be engagements that this country ought, the ntearttehf lilwreting Seale and Europel were to man who had just sat down lend (Aids that hteßlOht-'
tection ? All wars were professedly carried on for ant to have made, but thseennetion of thwcountry• be recktmed among the greatest. calamities o4' netts- Host. Friend (Mr. (:nnaihee) hod out ethis "gisieften
self defence, and ate enemy when he laid down his having been once given, they *ere -bound to adhere kind; for the Hon. Gentleman made no distinction upon itS proper groused—tied was to say, its had 5.c.-

•
• * •
• • s 06\
4111.• 'l4 A-1 t

Iwo
yjt tired in'
:tray to
tilltoe'thE
an a(
Trolly
tilgtif.
, if the l
thio Etat
ire hard
}aittagi

tee. Lit m
tig:nus
* ‘l4. r
ido •hA
. to,e,
'hp co,
waiili.
to fort
this ha
.Treat
tween
Baitai

one v

HI"

.. .
r• Irtt. i
speK.i
Foh;te
pord
Wy tu
sy no Sa
farm 1
tious
be w
, tecUtl
*over
salvo
• quer
° they
1 •

obail
arms,
asd,
h id
. spry
tsnek
to Sr
of I:
atco'
Cowl
p 614

)t through favour, but through to it. Swedenosemed to
ailko
st!iiku
t hid keen, koweverl, st t - wookkbesen objectiOn on
;hapit*itgbe du* 00, ' berefor, the lations
vitt, the Oder, of its forgter the genie" of Nervier or
e aittliers examine theOlittergi;a4 to assist in effecting the
reign of Edward .the `Vint.-- . Sweden. Such was oui
