...

~. ,

.

F.,:.

•

001',";

.•
Aro

.)'1 Jailin_ .1

.I. . + • ,

K-
-

r

'

and was stmt pot into an attorney's
goon seen that he never would rise
of the km, and therefore he was
with-
s,.awn. Then he pt • commission, bat he iniVer
could gain the esteem of his brother officer/; it'll was
never nicely, N. itrn nut a hero. Whet did he do
tiezi ? A. flistep Was prevailed apes to bestow Des.

- -
' •

rt

• -----r—,--
figure than eWI before. What then did his friends,
with Mier 'fbey-fteld a consaltatine,_asul resolute.,
dote es tie resift for Nothing else Si a, ask?
Mat m Amber of Parliaesind.—(4l ~ . Pal "°"
gaiii:
ear. the ditienwee Ireemeen him end •lite sins
flit friends had not Aw dp with•the Pityter Welt.
Whetter--his fatlarre-laele or heti two Ili orossghe % thw
Isks,of Wiest, and easily had Itim renamed foi.one ;
wore.he continued fa, Porliement doing all the dirty_
avank of Ministers till the. Art passed disabling,
Clergymen from 'Whig in.the House. Ile would not
seep s. that the Captain was sent here because he
`was found snit for -every thing else. Ile would
really do him soy servieeceicept send him into Par.
%mem. Ile armlet promote him to a better ship, or
even make him an Admiral, or grant Min a patent for
that unknnwn plan that had engaged his attention for
15 years, but he wou'd not return him for Westrnin.
sem —(Apphouse )—TIM was an bowler reversed for
ten men of such shining talents and indezible tote.
grity as Sir F. Burdett ind Sir S. Romilly—men who
had been invariably 'the friends of the Constitution
and of humanity, and always employed in doing's
good. The Captain might go bark to his ship. Bet
Awn days more remained.—let every men bring ip all
his friends, and victory would be complete and spin.
slid. This day they had had a majority of 84 for Sir
F. Burdett. He ,entreated them, however,, not to
relax their powerful efforts. sod he had iro doubt
they should see Sir F. Burdett et the head of the Poll
before the Blectine ended.—( March applause )
Mr. Baucecomplained of the artifices employed
by their enemies, and that even Ladies bad forgot,
on some occasions, the .gestleoess of their set, and
compelled their tradesmen by threats to vote for Sir
M. thes well, All they knew of this Officer'. public
services was, that he had taken oat Lord Amherst
end Mr. FAlis to China, and had also brought the*
back .--(4 laugh )—He bad heard of a French army,
which, idler marching up a bill, searched down again,
toe that this was the substance of its exploits. If
they battiest this election, the time might have soon
arrived, when a Castles or an Oliver, or any other
tool of the Goterwhent, would be imposed epos!
them. He wished well to the causinfSir Samuel Ito.
exilly, for he respected his character end his honour.
able career, whilst he despised the insinuations of
his maderliitga ; bet it was their del to plans;
Sir. Freocie Bordett's name at the head of the
Poll. Ile had' himself been attacked for some
of the sentiments in his last address to them on the
*shied of the right of resistance. Some had called
Inns a conspirator, and a Catiline, and inserted that,
having violated the lons of another country, he was
disposed to invade those of Ms emu. Now beitasl
nree,the consegeences of despotism, and had always
understood that the right of resistance to an WO-
tore and profligate Government was the keystone
el our Constitution, and the principle upon which
Magee Charts, the Bill of Rights, and all their pris
Aisles depended. It was the principle asserted by
Pym. Hampden, Russell, and Sidney, and it was a
principle ;literally condemned by Lord Castlereagh,
Mr. Canning, and Lord Sidmoutliz—men who, cores
pared to the former, were as " Satyrs to Hype.
riots," and whose political characters were already
- 44 Daunted to evetl, elm faine:s - . ,
'When he was at Aleppo. he had actually seen, after
6 successful siege of the place, the Paella toter at
the head of a body of nreationers, end sitnieatily
torike off seven or eight tradesmen's heads, for none
observance of the regulations be had issued, and in
order to show the vigour of the Government. So
debased were the People by:their subjection, that
they looked upon this as a measure that indicated a
a laudable energy.; and sOch were the certain cony.
(ponces of every
.system of despotism, whether user.
cherl under the 'Darkish Government, or introduced
here by the' present Ministers..—No doubt, Lord
tesileresglqtaening, and Sidmoeth, would be glad
the People of England were in equally good training
in this respect as the Turks alluded to. Bet whet
was the difference between them and these Turks ?
Were they not both warmed by the same son, cheered
by the same skies, and did they not worship the same
'Oa? Ttue ; but those he addressed were free; the
'Teas were staves.-.(Shouts of applause )sof( they
iitsii‘di'd Iltitte'rie that freedom, they should unite
in chi kiiistreroe cause, and put Sir Francis Bor.
deft at the head of he . poll, to show to Go.
esonment that
.the more they dreaded such men as
liini, the'teerr the melt of Westminster liked arid re.
tweeted him. If be should lose, would they not hirtig
town their heeds, *thorned of belonging to that once
'period city, and imeelne, that ell their hopes of living
In The eojepeent of 'rational liberty, was at an end?,
Thereto)e, 'said he. be active tomorrow as yea have.
'obeli,' ydreitefees tn.day and if yea gain this victory
s'llbesiertment.. ti'''' -
intOnta(
4illt

3.

~~

s

•

"I

T.••
HE S'PATI

r• • • '
)11 •

7/1•I•••111••

I
-

it
friends of Mr.,W,ilsoo, itniethee yesterday, at
the City of London TaVere,te celebrate his election.
Mr. Aldetamo, Hereto wile is the Chair. The array
isf the tables wits elegant, the •dinner was escelleiti
Ina every thing resoshbled More the tasteful arrange.
ment of b.private (amity then the bustle and appa•
rutut of alsolitieal dinner for 150 Gentlemen.
Aftee.tlinner Non Nails Domini was lung.
The' CidAIRMAN requested their attention for a
moment, while he proposed a toast which he was
sere they wield. drink with much happipess and
pleesere. When he looked nginsod him and saw the
faces of the present compass/4A, eseld not demist
that they would drink the health of our verietahle
Monarch,. oar. good and steeliest King, with great
cordiality: He was now from age, infirmities, end
ether cauki, not able to act so coospicunes a pad as
he had once done; but they woeol drink his bealtkita
silence as it desel red. ,
Song—God time the Kis'.
The CHAIRMAN nest proposed the " Lilacs Re-,
gent," and three limes three.
sour of Brumwielt. •
The CHAlRMAN—Gentlemen, it is a misfettenid
that in the course of nature persons moat get old and 1
infirm. Our gracious Queen is not likely to live long
among es ; but her family are healthy, and mightily
well employed. —(4 laugh )—Let us drink " tier
Majesty's health, and success to the other breeches oil
the Royal Family."
llong—w hen order is this land begun.
' The CHAlaMAN—Gentlemen, I beg leave to pro-
pose a standing toast—" The Constitution in Church
and State."—Not that Constitution, of which we
have h,.rd so much from Mr. Hunt and others, but ,
the Cortstitetion of King, Lards, and Commons lnot the Constitutiou which would give a superiority
to any branch, but which preserves their tights to
all, from the King to the humblest Individual. It
is certainly the Constitution which was established,
at the Revolution, but it is better understood by el
as the Constitution of King, Lords, sod Commons.
Song..-We mum beeped subjects.
The CMAtated.m.—Gentlemen, I now give you a
toast which forms the sinews, the nerve, the very es-
sence'rif your Constitution, " Our Army and Navy."
Without our navy, we coold not have risen to our
present eminence; without yet army, we might have
admired our Constitution In our hearts, but it never
would have shone forth with so mods glory to stir&
rounding nations.—(Applawse.)
The CuAt Rake neat gave," Freedom of Election,
uninfluenced by power, gnawed by popular clamour."
—(Great applause.)
The CsLititlitAN now begged to reed their Otani
lion to the immediate object of their meeting. They
had testified their respect and veneration for his Ma.
jesty ; they had shown their respect to the Prince Re:
gent, acting for and on behalf of his Majesty ; they
bad done proper honest to the Queen, and the rest a
the Royal Family, and they had drank other and
loyal patriotic tout& He had now to propose the
health of a Gentleman of the highest respectability,
of great commercial knowledge, of high honour and
independence in private sod public life.—(Very great
oppiatue.)--He bad said, in public life, because Mr.
Wilson,.although not known to the public, had coo:
tributed essentially to the public good.—(4lsiesse.)
He was of that most important class in society theaters
chants of Great Britain. The nation had sometinies
been vilified as a nation of shopkeepers; bat thy
highest and noblest families in the lend bed been shop.'
keepers in former times; their descendants now for-
got it, and let them forget it ; to theii credit and he:
oiler let them forget it ; but he doubted not, that the
glory and pride, as well as the strength and security
of Gieat,Aiitain, would in after times arise from the
merchants of Loticlon. It was the practice from the
oldest times. even among the Romans, that tri-
umphs, whether for achievements by their armies, or
for political victories, should be celebrated by a good
dinner:—(if laugh.)--In this good city that practice
was well retsiued.—( A lasigh.).A good dinner buried,
all differences of political opioioo in oblivion, and
made harmony and good humour prevail.—( Applause)
was sure they would drink to Mr. Wilson's;
health with great cordiality and eatisfactioo.—(llll-;
UMW applause.)
Mr. Wrung, after repeated rounds of enthusiastic
applause, rose considerably agitated, and spoke to
this effect Gentlemen, I believe the longer I
delay to return thanks to Os, the worse gratified I
shall become to do it. I. bate always courted re.
,tirement, and never till now held a public character.
When my friends brought toe forward as a Candi-
*date for the representation of the City, I had se
little right to espect success, that bad I on the second
third day been fifth or siath on the poll. I should
?e retired not only without disappointment, but
.rh the utmost gratitude to those who had" so zeal-
ously proposed ate. I have been supported by the
ter, beyond ell espectatioa, sod to them I feel
deepest gratitude.—(Applause.)—When speak.
as a poblict character, I shoilA much rather be
considered as a commercial thee as i political chi.
racier. At the same time, as I am 'placed in a po.
Utica! situation, I feel it eacessary to say soniethiug
ipers that subject. I am, then, a friend to the•Go-
irament of the ectentiy..(.ilpp4osire.)-1. do not
mean that I will support this-Onveremeist Of that
oyarnment ; bat in supporting the Orniornavent;
• consider that I support the Constiti .01 tion. Oft
!ways votes with the Opposition in Parliament
.not act faithfully ; he that votes always with Miele.;
ters must act unfaithfully; they renounce the deer*.
right of a gond men, the steals* of en independent.
judgment.—(Great applsese.)—l .ut afraid I hate
Imparted too long on tour Wien/. With t
Chairman's leave, I propose the health of the Liege,
' London."—Three times three.
The CNA, await 0,0 gave " The ancient and row
I•%
nowned City of Loudon"—(Applawse.)
The CadiassAw.--", The Lord Mayor and lbw
Corporation of London." They have sometime,
taken the fart of the People asalpot a tyrannical

i
• .~:'

In hi

- -

~..:

.;12Cilra;;iala

'lb. part of
coontry

NO moot
reityd d fu

)_

111,1 pair, wawawrawir OW*O
Mr. Wuson proposed the heilth of ‘fliNephen
needles fleeter, their Chairman, and thinks for
_ • la. VIM-

his activity:lmA, and persepraueo t...,
tioo, and. for Ms able conduct its the Lt..
plow's.) ~ _,..„....---.,
The e nat 1111 All %tiptoed titiene,:ems Ige“ " b
4829 Liverymen who had voted for Mr. Wilson ;" he
afterwardt gap, as the last Wall from ,him, .4* Vie-
health of the Committees who bad condoctOilie.
Wilsop's Election." . , .4tT
Mr. ROM!! GRANT .(Poe of the Stewards). ow
dressed the Chairmau, in order to explais that it was,
owing to thb.seddenitess of the meeting that the price
of the tiekets was so high. Mr. Wilson had had' ne,
part in this arrangement. This he felt it seceseary,
to 111111*, Way*. Mr. Wilson was young as a puMlo
chanettf,•and it was a matter of dentate itisprittinee
to prevent oven 'a surmise ileitis'. him. HO' mat
ansious tir hive it sent abroad that it wis not ''bisillq
see ins from aisrespiet to the Livery that the polio
as so high, for be had enderstood that. it was re.
lort ed that they wished to exclude the Livery. Ibis,
losoki they feel disrespect to a body so respeetahle,
'and to whom they owed so snuck ?—(Applause.)--,
•The Steward, were sensible that they herd erred.—
ilfe hoped it was soilcient to say that they were in
error. He was sorry for the anfttipulatity of the
measure. lie hoped, however, pasty few@ oppor.
tunities would occur for Collecting their error.—
( Applaute.). .
Mr. Wit. Son, when many of the Gentlemen were
going off, persuaded them to return again, and be,
proposed the health of Mr. Freshkeld, who, during
the late contest, bad been his friend, his brother, and
his counsellor. .
Mr. FRI:WIELD said, that this honour was as on•
expected as it was undeserved. It hid been proposed
at the previous meeting of the Stewards, but he had
got it strati* oat: it was, therefore, usexperted ; it
was undeserved, for he ascribed it to the predomi-
nance of his friend's gratitude over his judigniesuit
which, on all other occasions, was preeminent. ire
would say, however, as be was addressing them, that'
he was what might surprise them, a Reformer ' • hi
was for a reform of character in the House of Coos.
mous. If a hundred Members possessed the high he•
nowt and independent judgment of his. friend, no Mi.
1 niter could propose any measure which would not
hear the strieteet investigation —(reelp grog op.
plause )-t-The People would have the ututoore on 6.
done. in their decisions; and no discenteot or dissa.
tisfortion could enist.---(Appleete.)
The health of the Stewards was afterwards drank i
and the Chairman, Mt. Wilm), and elitors left. PIA
room at hslf.past 10. ... ~„);. ~. .
The only alectioneertatimbleS,visibio in titestoent
was a Moo flag, which waved from the orchsitte,
with the inscription, " Wilson and C......-- ..

9 1
,•1

. .. __. _ —.--
! PRICI 7,,
or STOOKS THIS I/AT AT 41•4K,O'CIAGN,.
Hank Stork , 4 per Cent Nei , i ,
~
3 per Cent Red- 78ii
per CenCOnslti , lndia Rooth •90 h. , ,4
3, per Cent. Sgei " Les* MA..10 11-141 2•• 11 21,
(amok Int Ace. 714 ' batilleveetOSlA 1K11411,1,80

•rt • v 4ir ••
THE WP, AIR
• I. hit . eel !wolf •4

.LONDON:. ;.,
11100A14 it/LT ' si ft /C 4 in 4"1" •
The molt of yesterday's Poll el Caveat-gar b%
wee considered ea elmoit decielee of 'Sir 1ii:111,41245ik.14.41
hopes. It proved that tholonbeeght energya,sbo
dependent Electors of W#stminstei le-Wapitite' of •dt‘
feeling all the arts and eeertions Iri tite.iiiielliKat
Corroptiee. The Ministerial party, lists's! wills.*
temporary advantage wbkh the indolenceor coil
deuce of the unpolled Aso. tar Electors had el.
lewed them to obtain, vauntingly thrtateneillt*
overbear the popular Candidates by' a vast .0114
jority ; bet their phalanx of TOWS from the Ofies;
under Administration, and' !PedP,.e.P of intimidated
dependents op Ladies' Seersee.anst the.Caert patron-
age, was usable to support their Candidate in the
Ration he bad unexpectedly 'squired, sad; it was
fiend, at the close of the Poll, that tiering the day
Sir F. Bwanert had polled 350, Sir S. Kawitzi 333,
while Sir M. AlitaWat.t. had pellet! only 21.36. :Tile
consequence that the Ministerial Candidite, was
this morning 345 Votes be 44.1. Sir F. allaillite..
end 405:Votes below Sir SAmutt, RomiLLIIV. Ne
one now believes 'bet it is possible ,tor the popes.
meat faction to make op this arrear, sad ellPpipace
with the number of votes that nrillMaittiticetd to.
pour to for the popular Cendidairlio ApAscisive
period arrive.. This is now at. hook•diubir dote
of this day's PA will, doubtlessimiell'Mghly
indicative of the reset( of..to.lnet4":l* lost
day of this • important straggleermiller,,,ll:ll;
opens at Eight, o'clock. to-morrow morning; eel
closes busily, at.Tlsres's.., The most eattaotdinhryil
efforts have been making this day by the Governmeof
sepperten to bring voie# to'stlto. Pitil-rnever were
tacit kavefetwd dewiest* iederapon the eostaciences
sod the honesty of hotimiteldert .01 all. tittseript 'octet°
Catitlidete..-avaer

vote for Vatadfilassn's
t -
were sloth despersto and ifel emilidients pet in
practice to • give a colour of approltation to s bed
MOM The fveling which these most iedelisate Wog.
tereno.es lo metiers of serious opinion, and the ratite.
Coors to make the unfortunate situation of domestic
*lairs sabeervient to the purposes of on Adminis.
Utilise that has ruined public sod Individual
prosperity, wilt,- we hope, enable us to say—never
were sock efforts made to bolster lop a craft and 'un-
constitutional power more signally and deservedl)
diluted. Costempt esectation fall as evert

•

S

i
Azu . 4-
. . ,
z N.
t` .0...fi.ii,.N.'
iik. ,

,t.

.
m

r.

teh attempt. Slavery, al slavery awe &great
the Was that will meanly twat £ give his vote
A to tM seppetter of a mesa which his heed disap.
6.proves, sad which every thing he sees tells him has
gutted his reentry sod his fellow.crestArmt into
thraldom sad .misery, -.. whether the siveirr .this)

dotty Ito owes to his country and himself, ems.

reo -the office of • Seat. letweeftert-et the
of a (*seen. Blotters et b*

,P;•?!.:.•7?:;1

AIM

hot overawed by • power ebb* shrield be subset.
tient to thp Vriepti; 'End heel by 'die slid( of the i•-
hence of national pleader. . Thin ie your period of
irlektiselietawaiirow yearliarot triumph--a day
itf' ezettaiid; Oki' f4ir• iiith4 land. F t)-9 and
• t 04.-
fir!. clientele( as WOO,. dememl. lk
~ t . ,pert,,.
min. who his it
the welfare of is .e try it IW;are4.
sod would..wish to see it freed from domineggiefi
despotism, which alike dist-eget& the deo, and 'pee.
~ . . .• .
pyrites of the subject, mance ly dee ale for the Pkit.. .
pions of the People's rights, for Sir
,Fill.ll4llli RAW, •
Dm Sad Sir .61111171 L ROMILIAr. • kelegleithwee'
delay may now 'rib the cause •of Illiekleiittiaiir.
end give new and more deadly strength to tie aye. '
tees of tyranny and corroption, which, in spite off
ell its bloody and unhallowed sictories, bait heat
falling beftre the indignant 'Oki oft the tiliittels
I .
People. • if the .Electors of the Country wittbet deP
their defy boor the present oceasiori, tbi ktimittlefe.
.. Acts flop which/rumen ato starve the People by keep.%
' ieg. grain oat of the Country in time of need, whielt
suspended the Habeas Corpus Act Its time of pinteert
and disregards the Pet Mons of the Pawls for attentirla
to their 'eats, will not stand • twelvemonth...,
The CASTIARIAGUS, and CANIMOS, Slid 514144
jeossus who imprison unoffewdini !lip', sod deride
Ithweise suffering, most mire from titt!•etseetions they.
I love disgraced, and the trusts they Plava,tibused. , If,
the Electors will not do their thwy,..tyeiteiry ride
prollipcy lilt coatings to reign tvitbilift check orl
controsi. .
r.il :. w t 1 ~.
..saes os •1111 WILT, ill. WIPITIIINSTIS.wocamr-Ae.
--, • ' , •staa o'aLaca it'.:, ~,, fl woo +Mil •
. ..
•1 ' Bintostier. 177 . •• ' '
-.., • . lloshtz.v.:k.
4111A1w5146,4•• to* ist,ibtr4.l
- :: '-', -. • • • ,•011-4-r, , • h h•i.
'Y .# P"cc'• —,..
Or*. ihntest ... r.. .. Total. ...... 491$
sir S. soutur • -
Mr M. maawmo .....;01., i......v.....:.— 4617"
i 1,. p.p.:. At hfthiosst. • •
It! , CL 'I as THE lOLL AT 11001 A ORCSA3CIL. .
- . lisideli ....;....i... 937 ..'isash-498b .
,
1t0mi1t5.,....„....319 ..0 .b/18
11h.irell
Hoot •• .- 1.• • . • Ili
, . I: . . - , • . ,
. ...
,' The Weetmetiends,Electiwis 11411, commenced with
3 ..._ I •
ihe 'ero!tfloti. elkle;rt(fOri 1154 71134." IRSOvostat .11
the cause o I tipenduceo: lif 141,,frin!,61441,R1431!-- •
took-plate dl Taestley,.. when Lord LIVIITIIER sad
like lidoherible Coirmai ‘l.olrremileetee :proposed,
atoriti :*trith 14,.f1 -0-. it'd. .5h0,0:,,1t 'Mids. ewes
greatly , favour 0i

)141
mkt,

Wel
&OA

141
two_
1011
•:

"tig

~~S
`7
~T

she
• its
D.

•ot

- oil

s

a)

'e!
4

' 4

- • I

,

• a." ....MI O.OM MO .1=.••••• -
iefivily. St • • dlithikiachwas she MetvopelKlesy MI
esosidered 4 very fair criterion, slid' lira ses."
irtll
lab)Slitilled by the rtsidt of the Potl, which
ja
, eousequAnce,;.denninded the Lassvutis;'
We subjoin the slate of 'the firit Poll, by which
It till! be eres•thot Mr.'llftounnant vim consideially
i..head of bit-'sippelnencs; pinivifid is they life id
property and the aid of tie, •
Awns; sad the lasbedebool searssall
Mr: BOOVOliAles rotes are slinoitsitplompors too;Si
• mode of testifying appSobettpi w c nines deprive
the LOWIIIIIIII of assay sufinges«. AbodstsJis of the
state of the public. oiriod on this ems
portaot occafietioihb wepi.fliii,lio.,tokiekisieighpi
• im, lee dwAkoomt, much istereit sad
Awl • .. ; 1.
. ,
ItTyt.. 'of Tlll, i111M1541111.414 IGLPort
r „ •rr 1940,411,11 ).
. IIW'" • l•
*PIWN.r: ..b
•• ,11,,•:111171,rzA , rit „1,,. / • ful
'Ti FeScrobirsoos,liiirsoi4Mo.o,..whicht
drew that prossdawbswit brocortsoilkste. kb repset•!.
isi 'oar ditailt7;ettlinl6l4lildtr pribilsdisgs in this
coantri. These senee4iVitiiigh,plOhhSClrese ,
forest by .the People ot..whilici 10,
lithe intelligiihhibt: iiksll6l-,ftjitivis. • gam
of Sirsoasi; tient* fta coteipoi,of
GOTHLAND, tojialt4ol4 Ponce; ,she
Ras
expected on Moodily last "twit:loofa, where she is
to .!side at Use' dudes, Sfiks'llWks ps P444L111:—•
An attempt bsili•San stOs,N rim.
of SUM., Janthiss,• CotadOiiin SAO gtrOint be-
. costing .prcviCirTj kesittltf tbn Aelloyitits it Rho-
• . J-..••.i.1•1 4 • 43 •-7
wittier fail 4.. ';) to 7.a. 1.'4'303 wis

i.., ~..••• .

igallempp—Alhe state of bin Wain T yeettf-
Qum, has bed a pod
Wadoeeday evening, her MaJaSTY yode out In Kew
gardens, In her garden chaise, accompanied by the
RalogaT, who staved haat 1•01400 at the
time she was in Kew gardens, on a visit to bet, also
the Princess AUGUSTA end several attendants.--
' Yesterday afternoin the Duchess of. GicroCcerist,
attended by Lady itAltaLIA THTtltta, left London
for. Kew, to remain with her Royal parent sows
time. .
A serious dispute Is said to Mee arisen between
the American Generals Jactsori and SCOTT, brsib
of ohom are employed.in the operations ogain•t the
Seminole Indians. •The former, it is said, Intends
calling oat the latter, es won as the present ram.
paign shall be terminated. The tames of this .(lis•
pate are not mentioned. General JAcasoN content*
plated reaching Pensacola abnut the middle cf April, .
hiCh piece he intended to °win,.

~_ 4.__~

"shown yaugual... ‘gump.7., •••••• •• y -- In--
l' I • over tlie4Novioment, it will be • mom glorious and of ti
of motif iblisiance toloo then the vktory of We. have
, -Serino Irrrafintar, bees Oss it
.011. bet OM victory Of wit,
liberty•ina independence oast tyrsvitii end turnip. ova
tlen...—(Tissinfternse tipplass ticccidtir the coedit-1 -Lir
• sion of thif 'code.) . ." f." -.,f 1, -- ~, ,• . . 1.,
the
. . . 1 .. OP AVID mid • -
stride i -
Mr' Wili!Mix w‘ kaPPII VOW fht- bar ing
which 141.! me adrueekos In gAsslymiutirAnd splendid ,con
ea victory. Ano!berlqiisily,scrivipeupifysli !ould put raw
~?. dowirsil oppovirjertyupo tilt; 41se,, 041.1p t close lilt!
.
to.merrOw. ;It wooed bei#sti teas! . . ietrasityr PAP!,I
. the fairuogo of milisinniiimiAlsOlio ?ace lops Ore of Sri
the Candidetes bee anderelanurd,t6 . injure the cease mai
. of Sir S. Rnmilly, mho tiaa;:twlr . Shown himself the 'Go
;. steady friend of reironctansau economy, and Re. ens
1 . form. To 'mention twelastruicus weeld he sufficient: at i
Sjr S. Romilly had, oppowed the ipsiitokion,nf.the ..tiol
Vice•Chsacellur'sCoort,end bed supported tha *ii I for ter
Abolishing Sinfrorese A tiptoe divids4 aaaitipt itself rig
mast fall, and he had heard much regret, some of jed
tz
the expressions mazia ass Wilty. Mr. Bruce. He sea Ire
i himseU no underling, ,endAie world, however so- Ch
equal In that Gentlemen, either hi natural pr Sc. of
(juiced advantages. repel the impotation. lie was
itut an humble todividoal ; bet be had received no re. no
wsrd diving along life, except what way derived from
the kindness and friendship of his brother Electors.— Cc
(Alplause.) . ' iii
. .
• —.40.--;...,.......4.....5...,
