`tirlE §TATES KAY i

is nn vise denounced with mg. 'env' nee
than the forgery nt Bank of Esti;land Norer ;
there Is non* whets. capital conviction is more
penmntly and owe unerringly followed by the p..
nivlonrot at death, the savertst recognised by our law.
It is now high time that at
stnp should be put to
this career of blond, which the Bank, in partleolor,
Us been parsoing, and which corruptino in Ike Go.
wonsent has assisted to irkste aid depopulate ibo
laud.

Frroch pipers to the 15th lest. hue inlaid. The
Moan, asiutairsa a Royal Ordinaissw, appointing •
peblic estilbittnn to take place of the priorities of
French industry, at periods to be determined by his
Majesty, the intervals hetwoos which are not to
waned fear years. The first ezhibitioo is ordered
to take Oleo is 1819, the second In Int; the
TSIITIPS is the balls mod galleries of this Palace of
the I,ceere. A Jury, composed of fire Mesabi's, is to
'be named by the %%votary of State. for the purpose
of jedgiogon tho omits of the articles, sad selecting
lash SS may appear smithy of prises, which are
consist, according to the dreier of merit, of medals
of gold, sliver, or bronze. Such a periodical ethibl.
Con of the !Missal fabrics and meoefeetereo will,
his Majesty this's', be one of the most efficacious
wieeseres that geoid be adopted for encooreging the
. Arts, guide; emulation. end accelerating the pro.
grass of lodustry.—'lle 015 i ial Paper also undoing
two other Royal Ordinances, the one sppointing the
Seer Ptcnost SecretairCvneral to the Ministry of
Jostles.; and the other allowing the holders of cor-
sets Goseenesent secerities, called Reconnaissances
do Lifoillaions, to deposit tits same in the petite
Treasury, teceitiog in retain receipts bearing into.
vest, which shall be tronsferrable by indorsement.
The f this Wilma.* Is said to be the fern
which some of the bolder' of these severities hews
oulerlatoed lest they should le destroyed by ire, roe
by say other iscrideot. Weduesdsy there was
no petite Sitting of say of the Chambers.—Preach
Funds 87:.

It is alleged that through s mistake of Ceneril
TAYLOR himself, in whose hind-writing her late
41Jcssi's will ens presented at Doctors' Commons,
'Yu lotentioas of rendering hiss her chief and acting
Wiseestai are likely to be entirely frustrated. General
Tromott having inadvertently pot his name as wit.
Mess to the *striation of the instrument, doubts are
uslertalmed it the Common., whether he his not thus
fr rot heins In 'servitor. 'Chit is
the more oofortriste, so General TAYLOR is the
OM. sod the only person, folly and rstisfictorily
furore:4 at the roil stets of the late Qucsn'•

-stain sod arrangements.
. By the Msaebester Observer mu learn, that one
of Mr. Ceteer r•- sons had recently arrived from
Smoak, bed tutors on his Arad from Uverpoot to
-Leaden: bad been prevailed erne is sap et Maw.
cheater, for otos. or,•••• of premise the company who
were )ester's) to have the politic dinner there, al
whirls Mr. NeXT ea. na
- A once Dern,mtie. vow Tory Paper, scoffs et
at agoras and 4"1.0" it' eat s Ptlrii.l 18^4 ore de.
signaller, qf an itinerant °filar. NOw what wee'
this (Reverend l wile, say it some •ncti.idianalok
woe, were tu •veak in Ih• smut impio .4 - ay of
Grit of moral Re' quiets, by desseadatiNg him an
Itinerant Renew .r ! !! same writer says. " els
Majesty's 'skit,* in Upper Cured@ haves. grieve ea es
to comp's,., of," end asks the following near
lion —" %% ~:td we know bee it comet to
pass test the C•-adieus are so meth more fa.
tionel arid serstihle in their owe coaled thee nor
"--
own Palace.)erd and Spe.lielde Meetings ?I
Now as as!' as that, we coasidet the citation of
same. enn•ressarils in ibis way, offensive to good
aureers ; we object still more to the very terns by
which the scribe represents the People at braes ea/-
misted to keep them is 'mental slavery. Sokjeds of
the Sete. we will allow Uses to be—thr risoishim.
eel( subject to the Castitotkeis, seri we art ell soh.
jest to the laws made ender that Constitution, so far
Agtri, bet no farther. We meet hare a sew eireabee
Jury if we would be theeght Frames. Chensietep
has beet reformed, and hoe had a tow vouttelary
smiled tette retionalimproveweent. Tbeeasestie simple.
They bole, he add., sin Onditinal. pees.. They se"
oe dolly sod weekly venders of Impiety and &se&
fatties I they bee* to Coultas, MWeetalao, or
Batavia ; they beer no dating reprints of Puma's
infeeees libels.
The Wisideet Paper rie ys--" We ha. to state, Is
sorter le a paragraph which has feted its Nay into
east of the Public J.vwsls, that his Mhaven Mal
sot received any accident which enuld leak hie
bodily health; bet that it is mill **eras, Si
the holmium of age ere noserearily ridded tot
elllicties. We have farther to aline. that are again
ere plea on in his UAJltaltle• apartments, nor we
say actuary; bet that they are as substantial, a.
' volt as tannfortabhh, as at the period worm his 1111. a.
flat inhabited-them before the commenceeseut of
lea malady."
A Petition will be preemie%) immed'stely to Par-
nava in behalf of the Cathelirs if Cr. it Uritain,
the the Repeal of the resaleing Penal Laws in force
lariat that loyal, respectable, anti loor.:.sellferiag
body of his Majesty's Sabjects. The Paid's to
the Ludt will be presented by Earl Gast, mod
• that to the Comuten. by Lord NUOVIT.—The
BIWA Cathulics Mee hitherto ani'ed their cases
ofish that of the Irish Crrholics; upos the mesa
eacesiot they meat to stand es their von diodes!
Ma 'operate merits.
The VICII•CIiAIeCiLLOn most forl very sm., to hoe.
jag been overlooked in the Cabinet arreetesiont for
fit nl{ the high and imperfect! piece of Speaker lathe
Neese el bride, in the absence of the Loan CUSH-
sattoe. It is whispered in the lAw Circles that the
Learned Lord particularly recommcoded the Carry
• Bosom in preference to his EMpety le the Coen of
Chaerety , Ars hp did mot wish to !vivify his Banoir
sith even a taste of the comforts of the Weolsack.

To rim EDI7Yili or tux Sl'ilTE6lll.4N.
cis,—ln year papa of Saturday last, t red •
totter addressed le WILLIAM Jacasoe, Fog.. coo.
seising the dispute betrayal Mr. Cxuaste sad Mr.
Hotly. This Lester is signed " TRORAS CLEAEY."
In one part of this Letter Mr. CLEARY says," tits
feet is, however, that toy visit to Mr. Dot.st wee t
islielt his support for the Major; sod is reply folds
observation that Mr. Collialt peleted est Mbar
Hone es • fit person to ',provost Westwiester; I
replied, that Mr. Cogent bad written a papers
which he bad ea'' at the Anniversary Dieser of the
/gismos of Vii'eme.oister, on the 4.1 d of May, 11116.
in snick he strongly recousewroded Maims CARY.
Truett? will that about kg, sad which I world print,
and did accordingly Feint sad circulate the following
day
.9
Mr. CLEARY pad we a visit en the evening of
Sudsy, May Slat. We had a loss( ceevereation
letpther. Mr. CLEARY said there was not the small.
est prospect of Me. flumes ascceeding, as no person
lof any weight or couseqemscis 'soviet sepport him.-
1011 my *dentin to the powerful aid of Mr. CORarry,
, Mr. CLEAT said, we have a letter le our possession
coetainieg his (Cossittr'it) epistles of his, its which
letter Mr. Cogent says, (bens MeeCt.essir wiled
the centrals of that hotel, word for weed, as it was
afterwards read no the hefting%) sell said he slarreld
Illast Gee hundred copies of it pristed, by nice ealock
the nest morning, to be distribeted aroillegat Mr.
Usury's friends, at the Crown and Aochur. I beg to
lis the feeder's attendee sow particularly spun this
Mier, for epos this she whole thiog tarns. Mr.
CLiasy did not ailed* iadefinitrly toe letter, but to
that identical letter, (since said to be a forgery,) and
masted its contests.
The feet jest stated is sot the less a vac?, is con-
travenes of lir. Ct.caer's having seat quite a dip
ferent paper for distribution et the Cootie end An-
chor nest morning ; I was agreeably disappoloted to
ti be heft not kept his word.
Me.etrsee has laid some stress span the words
0 ILTIOSI es;' be says, I. he being " actively
@appetite( 11.. Major," was not lik.lv he should
use the word " or" to include both the Majotir sod
Octant-es Mends I hr' I• eg leave to sty, the( al-
though the Major's party and BURDETT'S might be,
with 'aspect to each other, separate parties, yet,
with respect to Mr. 'lust's, they were waited.—
The pecreoen " es" was therefore natant and proper.
It is extteinely willful to ray feelings to be obliged
thus fitly to contradict the asSertiolill of a Gentle.
lmen whom I base long esteemed far his seal and
tbecti we services in she cause of Reform ; nor can I
forbear to express some surprise that Mr. CLaser
should have ventured to put forth such a statement,
after • cooversation I had with his a few slags ago,
In Orford-woes, (where we wet sceidematly,)
doriog %bleb coitversation, every word I sisie state
was folly related so him.
I do root make these observatio, le a spirit of has.
tility to Mr. CLEARS', or of partiality for Mr. finite;
tort i will take ^•,',ial care that my name shall set
be mas sa of to give currency to an untruth, to
serve the perpeoes of either the else party or the
are, Mr. Editor, your 'Wheat bauble
ortorses,

THOMAS DOLBY.

Thar Charleston Papers mention the arrival at that
meet el the ship VOWS, SAMPSON, is lefillpf NO
i. from Aga Cayes, with orioles and limes. On
the lllb .f October, on her passage oet,after having
tweebe.! at St. Themes's, sad la sight of Asa Cayes,
*ewes bonded by a email sloop set of Again, mensed
with l 0 armed nevem seder a white captain, who de-
tained her three haste, abused and robbed her of
every thing, leclodisig 6000 dollars worth of dry
pods, end threatened her with immediate death, if
any resister/ace was made to the vile depredations.—
Neat metpung she ached at Ass Cares, sad inform-
ell the Cemmandant, who imovedist:ly not two
barges in psrsait of the pirate ; they Ned her neer
filair shorn at eschew, with may one owe en board,
bee the goods were gone. On the 23d alt. neer
the Hooks, she was bearded by the American
etetteeet Fortuna, of 20 tons, kering is aseepriey
ma prises large Spanish brig, captured lifter a se-
eers fight of two been. The Captain of the brig
load several men were wersoded. Her cargo was
Mee sod silks, vetoed at 90,000 dollars, and wonted
the Verses to take the cargo to the (Jolted SISMI.—
0001Siq of the *chooser was Nownsave, of
Mohave', who afterwards took commsiot of the
flrhe
brig, beings Sae vessel, leaving his Chief Officer,
filiseav P. VLSISUMAN, of New York, master of the
ellsoieraor. They were almost all Americas., and
kileally el New nave's.
Eatreet ef a fatter fro.n Falmouth, Jemmy 13:—
" Thu Lee. of 20 guns, lately sailed from this port
wits despotism for some foreign Nation. Her de-
parture was attended with clrceasstances peeoliarly
mysterious. She had bete for some liaison the Mete
service, and cruising is the Channel, and was and.
daily ordered to pet in at Falmouth, whets the
iSpartan frigate ass sent to meet her at 9 o'clock M
sight, to supply her with provisions for form menthe. ,
the ship's compels, were obliged to wilt all night
to ger them on board, end she proceeded Iroasesliately
after•srds to her deetinstiou. Various conjectures
circulate bete reepectios It. It is generally sappoasd, ,
however, time she has gone to St. Helens, tied that
Nit. Anew:Hoot went on board of her from the
Spartan. I ass sorry that you have net been able
to obtain any information concerning it at the pablic
offices. 1
114 AGIIITnars Afoot NTllllNTll.—Testertiay,J. HAW-
LINSON, El. of lilimpshire, presided es Sitting
Nlagtairate et Laesbethoftreet Polic.thilice, for the
first ties. since his appoiottnent, in the room of --i—
-t:us:Las, Esq. who has succeeded to lb? place of the
late Mr. J.SACM, of Hilton garden.
