rAMPDEN Jill in de Field, lad SYDNEY died on At Scaffold P'

N° -1698.

ESTABLISIIED TWENTY YEARS fir the
SALE, OF IRISH LINEN by the PIECE. at the
Factorli price, `:n.;. on the wrath-siilo of Banonigri:nv-
OM four doors from the top of Southampton-street.
IRISH LINEN COMPANY be; leave to
an..oare to the Pubic, that the above !base is filet'. only
EinabliArnent in this coniftrY ; where trey continue to %rip-
e% tn.. N. Witty. (leaky. ami lfe Public. %yid' WARR %NT-
ED fißAelti-BLEACIIED LINEN. for Shirts and Fiberfil.
rf the I.est labile and colour. at a price ronsiderably
lower than they can be procured throuirh any other medium.
illony also engage to return the purelmar money should nny
bet appear. Good Irish Bills and Bank of Ireland Notes
Adam as usual. Country end Town oracrs punriusity at-
tended to by

MIS 1101ii1OVAN, k Dlootoibury-sq., London
JOHN DOYLE. 91. St. Alsr)'s Abbey. I)nt-Pn..( Agen!'"'•

1 AND J. SIVF.V;IIGEIT Contractors ror the
•111 • last Lately. are hsay to Mato the great public pa.
tossup it reeeis e:t. 11.1. the 20.11UtS. Prizes were siter..d.
*rid (with No. 1.6.!tt, .240.011111. find 19 other Capitals, wslit
He Iheelligera Slstrranted in Loudon and 116051 tuns of fire
t'nited kingdom.
Tile se* Scheze contains '.14.1.5t10/.. 'Money and Consols.
and on the .27111 of April. the First Drao ii Prize in etch
t :ess witl have 110 M. Consols: on the istli of May.
like manner. 10.9001. Consols; the-1;t1i Prize above 24.114.
Money, St1.11001.•' and the Stith Prize of YOIS. Consuls.
&1.0. W.: being, ha ail. Four Prizes of :10.00IW. COlllOll.
Tickets and Shares for which are selling at

Nv. 37. I.OIINNILL, I SO. HAYMARKET,
I, lio4sots,

HAZARD mod Co., the ('ontractors,ANEXT
TiIt:REDA V (April 17). Two First Priam. Tit'ts
of 110.000, Three per Cent. Consols, wan ns DRA
and sore than Twenty other Capitals will be drawn.
Every Ticket and Share. if bought before Asir Tavas-
Dalt, will base a chance throughout the Lotter) fur
4 Prizes of Z3U.OOU

-
Y
v I U .00U

&e. &e., Money and Consok, forming
ONE HUNDRED AND TWO CAPITAL.R.

Tickets en,! Shares are on title at the old established
and fortunate Offices of H 17.1R1) and Co.. the Contractors,
Royal E v:hange Gate : 16. Cornhill ; and NC Oxford-street.
corner of Ss allow-street, London: who Shared and Sold.
in the Last Lottery Contract, 7,370 and 0,636 1:24.1,4100 each,
sad in a recent Lottery
All the Prism of ~(30.000! !!

•. II 'nano and Co. hare Agents In all the principal
Towns throughout the Country.

ANGEL INN.

Qr. CLEXPNT'S, 81111/1011,..
GENERAL 1 W-FOR WA lli FOR TVElttCiiis t
TE lblltikvint MAILS anti other COACHES
z gkfrom the abc se Inn t
ParbSoy al Mail, eta Dover Toady and. Friday.Nqts,
at twelve.. • Ira- / ir
Portsmon. and Unar2rt Mail. throdgh Goilalming. re-
te diet& and Pytsea, dit er pil: veling• at a tittartar pest 7,
31 .64111410)10.11 past 6. Ali its arrival a placket sails to
ite
the of Wigift, to convey passengen and parcels; and a
Mail Coach sets off to Chichester, through Drayton, Havant.
Entswortb. &c.
Gloucester and Milford Mail. Vir'lltrh )
aidisigirggosaasm Jamey 1b114114114 a quarter' p7,a2=-
day at half-past A.
Dover and Canterbury- Mail, through Gravesend, Chat-
ham, and Feverattcm„ every evening at a quarter past 7, and
Sunday at hell past 6. F mniC a nterburv. passengers and par-
cels are conveyed to Deal. Margate. Ramsgate, Sandwich.
Lc. ; and front Dover. parcels are conveyed to Folkstone.
aludgute, Ilythe, Dimchurch. Romney, and Lydd.
Arundel and Bognor Post-coach, through Billinghurst.
Monday, Wednesday. and Friday, a quarter before 7.
Bath and Bristol Post-coacit, to carry only four inside,
through Reading, Marlborough, Caine, and Cbippenham,
every Morning at 8.
Bath and Bristol Light Post-conch. every Afternoon at half
past Y.
Bath Ligfit Post-coach. in two days. to carry fstir inside.
through Maidenhead, Reading. Marlborough, Devizes, and
Melksharn. Monday, Wednesday. and Friday Murniugs. at
K. This coach is chiefly it.temleil fur the acconintridation of
families, invalids, &c. who esunot undergo the fatigue of
such a distance in one day.
Brighton 1.1..1it Post-coach. through Reigate and Cuck-
lel& every Morning at S.
Clieltem,am post-conch. to carry only four inside, through
Henley and Oxford, every Morning at a quarter before A.
Chichester, Bognor. and Petworth Post-coach, Monday,
ii-elinesday, and Friday Mornings, at a quarter before 7.
Doter and Canterbury Li7lit Post-conch, Monday, Tues-
day, Titrstia%. Friday. and Sunday Mornings, at 7.
Goilabning and Guildford Telegraph Coat+. through Ash-
stead. Epsom. Leathrrtiead, &c. 'Tuesday, Thursday, and
Saturday Moi Mugs, at S.
Littlehatepto4. Arundel. aid Petworth Coach, Tuesday,
Thurto:av, and Saturdsy Mornings, at a quarter before 7,
except Sunday.
Kendal, Lancaster. Preston, Kirby. Lonsdale, Bolton,
Chorley. OrmsLirk, and t t arstang. Post Coaches, every after-
arm at Fte o'clock.---liostrileti.
Goilalming and Ottildford Telegraph Coach, through
Kingston, Dillon. Cobham. and Ripley, on Monday, Wed-
nesday. and Friday Mornings, nt S. and every Sunday
Illoraing at 7 precisely, and returns to London the same
-.4larixford Light Post-coach, through Henley, &c. every
Morning et half past 7.
Socialsning and Guildford new Coach, through Marrow,
Clladon, liorseley, EMnghtun. Leatherltead, and Epson'
every Afternoon at 3, esteggt Sunday.
Bridgenorth and Walsil Post Coach every Evening.
Margate, Ramsgate. Mal. Sandwich, and Broadstairs
Light Post-coach, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday.
sad Sunday Mornings. at 7.
Carlisle, Penrith. and Whitehaven, Post Coach. goes with
roar Horses and a th.ard all the way. Passes through
Broil/h. Appleby, Gretabridge. Richmond. A: tumid'. Bo-
r, eghbridgi. Wetherby, Abertord, Doncaster, and Gran-
t stn (the nearest way by IS ntilesl. sets out every morning.
sad performs the journey n ith the greatest facility. Passer-
xis detained on the road, by business or pleasure, have the
pi (that advantage of their seats being secured in the nest.
NORTHERN COACHES.
Ttbril, Newcastle. and Edinburgh Coaches, and to all
Farts of the North. every Morning, at a quarter past S.
Manchester, Lancaster. Kendal, Rochdale. Huddersfield,
Bradford, Leeds, Hangs:. Rotherham, and Sheaeld,
coaches, daily.
CARRIERS,
To Twickenham, Brantford, and Isieworth, every Mon-
d/Y. Wednesday, Friday. and Saturday-
EAMES and Co.. Proprietors.
Parcels and Packages are safely and expeditiously c0n-
":,41 from this In!' to
( wintry Seat in the following Comities. viz.: -Barks, Ducat,
It assail. bevon, Dorset. Hants. Ilereford, Gloat-ester,
klie. Orford, Somerset, darn, Sasses. Wits, Worcester,
hough Wales, all parts of the Isle of Wight, Jersey, Li turn-
"l. and all parts of France ; and to all Parts of the North
'se Take notice, that no package. containing glass, china,
"kites, plate. cash, or Hank noted. however moan the
value. will be accounted for. if kw or 41amoged'• .or any
"%Pr parcel or passenger's luggage, of more than ea. value,
"less specified as such when dailvsetsd at the Ogee sad
Mid for accordingly
Neat Port-Chaises, &c. at the shortest soils.

" The Cause for whiat

THE present being, a Stack Lottery i T. DISH begs
to call the attention of his Friend.; to the unparalleled
success of his Moss, le preceding block Lotteries; is le
shared rid sold
No. 13.833, First 30.000/. Consols.
WAIL TAM 60.060/. Consols.
0.11314 First 10.00 W. Consuls.
_

First IIiI.UMW. Consuls.
N. 10.7, First 90,0001. Consols.
And in Money Lotteries, his suceens hiss been equally great;
haring 9h-iced and sold Twelve Priers of 90.0001. de. de. de.
Yd in the ler, last Lottery he sold. in Shares. No. it. 1407. a
Prise of 'Fa 'ily Thousand Pounds. (thine)! besides setcsal
111 i bur Capital..
Tickets and Shares are selling at
OFFICES.
4, Corolla!, and 9. Charing-('roes, London, sod by bias
Agents in the Country.
Eeplanstary Schemes (;ratis.
The nevi day of Mario/ arlii too 148XT T 111111111.41!)
m!c 4prii, whoa Tara afMll.ll. roaanta.• W CST ea pewits,.
As dic First Prise is tweet Class will be 'stifled to askuUUL
Comdata. Vier and above whatever other Prize It is drawn.
and a 5.5.000 Tickets will be decided that clay, upwards of
90 other Capitals way be expected to be then drawn.

ESSM'S n.v TUC CAUSES or rag lIRI-OLUTION
.4.VD rifle 10'.1118 OF H. 1171:
?DIMINO A REMISE UP ToLITICAL REPLEcTIONE ON CER-
TAIN FRENCH JiirßN ALE AND CAM NI LETO. CONCERNING
MATTI, El NoNeiciN LE BARON DE VASTLY.

TRANSLATED TRoll THE ORIGINAL IRENCII, PON IRIS pares

Nri.vmeLT,
HT ALEXANDER JAMIESON, EFL

INSAY Mgr.-PART 11.
ON THE PRINCIPAL CACPEI WIIIEM ',AYE LID VTR PRO-
PLR UP HAITI TU APSERT TRIM LIIIERTT •ND IR.

DEPIIN !PENCIL

At this time, General Itigaud commanded the pro-
w ineo of the South, under the orders of General Tout-
sa:rit, and he was,
most ancient and the most esteemed for his services,
and the only one who could stand as a competitor
with General 'I oussaint. Heilmirille, who panted to
throw the apple of discord between the two Chiefs,
called them before him at the Cape. In one of his
interviews with General Toussaint, Ileilouville pro-
posed to him to arrest General Rigaud. AI rest Ri-
vat/ :" exclaimed the virtuous Toussaint, " I world
jaM. r be err. API( tstgadj:" Hellouville, finding he
could not seduce General Toussaint, then turned his
attention towards Gen. Itigaud, whom he foetid more ac-
cesible. He tlattereol the ambitious views of Rigaud ;
he presented him with the brevet of General-in-Chief,
and departed for France. after having lighted the
torch of diac.'rd and of civil war. In both armies the
tri-colore flag waved, fur both armies had combatted
for, and in the name of the French Republic. UV
111.16 slits *awe of this Mt Ise F To whims ire
the calamities which have resulted from it to be attri-
buted ? Without doubt to G. 11. Iletlonville and Ri-
gaud ; to liedourille, for having had the perfidy to
make a General-in-Chief when there was already one
of that rank in the island legally appointed ; to Gen.
Rigaud, for ha‘ing had the baseness, injustire, and
ambition, to accept the bred of General-in-Chief,
against all the principles of honour and of military eti-
luette. G •iterAl Rigawl must have known that he
could not, by the rules of military honour, as esta-
blished in the republican armies of France, have ac-
cepted the title of General-in-Chief; and he knew
also, that in so accepting it, he must necessarily have
plunged his country, his brothers, his fellow-citizens,
in all the horrors of a civil war, always cruel and.
disastrous. If Iti,;and had nut been a traitor, an
ambitious man, an instrument of the French, would
he have hurried away General Toussaint, in spite of
himself, on the field of battle, and obliged him, his
turn, to beets an instrument of the vengeance et the
whites and of the French Government ? Would he not
have recoiled with horror and shame from the prospect
of those evils which he has brought on his country ?
Alas ! the history of our past civil wars iv the mirror
in which we should view our present troubles ; may
we not also in it behold those which may yet befal
▪ ? The first civil war had been stirred up by the
ambitious Rigaud; and the second, which was but a
re-action of the first, be the ambition of Feting. Beth
of these Generals have been the instruments which the
French have employed to divide and annihilate, or
enslave as again. In this civil war, disastrous for the,
Haytians, and profitable only for the whites, we saw
them last divided, part being on the side of General
Toussaint, and part ou the aisle of General Rig's&
Both parties were the most ardent champions of the
civil war, to excite the Hayden. to combat sand t..
carnage. Indescribable evils were the result of theirk
perfidions councils. After the departure of
the white royalists and republics..., the great plantere
and the Wain whites*, all rallied round General Tous-
saint. Rigaud could nut overthrow 'fouesaint as
Ifedoneille had proposed to him, and therefore the ex-
colonists took another method to eircuniveut
Aided and eurcoured by the priesto,t who swaye4
the mind of Toussaint, they eiraraA-il round Owe
unfortunate Chief, they loaded him with entertains
ments, and the basest adulations. He was the
new Seartacus, the great man foretold by Raynalc
and, at the same time, they planned, both in France
and In St. Domingo, new methods of destroying,
him. To accomplish their perfidious project, theg
advised General 'Toussaint to establish police regular.
lions, even more severe than had obtained coder
the ancient re,:iow, with the view l.f alienating the
heart and mind of the blacks from They propuse4
to him to immolate General Mope, his own nei.ll4.'
antler pretext of a coutiiracy against the whites.
They suggested to him tile framing of a cunetitutien,
which should ren.ter Hayti almost independent of
France. Hayti ought to be so altogether, or not at
all. And General Toussaint, in rendering himself ,
half independent t.f France, but exposed himself
her vengeance, withcnt alfor.ling the Haytiaas the
means of resisting. The ex-colnnists suggested to
• Petits-bhms. et peados.
t These were at a-coseers:atiates.

him also the idea of allowing a great number of the
troops to return to agricultural pursuits. They did
more they persuade I him to repair old roads, and
make new ones, to fao•ilitate the passage of artillery,
and of the French army l'nfortunate Toussaint, to
believe that, in adopting the advice of cur ens
and acting on their false project•, he was la-
bouring for the happiness of Hayti. When, at
length, the ex-colonists in Hayti had prepared
the fall of Toussaint, those who were in France
stirred on Bonaparte, furnishing him with pecuniary
means, giving him that atrocious advice which speedily
brought to our shores the expedition of Lo• Clem.
Then all united against th • unfortunate Toussaint
`white royalists and repul.li. atm, great planters mini,
%time whites, lawyer*, priests:---all at this time wet,
of one mind. The runs.- was general ; it was slavery,
absolute and Interminable, or the destruction and an-
nihilation of the existing, blacks. This was the ques-
tion on which our oppressors had no scruple to be inlaid
*nous! And we, blind that we were, what did we then
We flocked around the tyrants ; we were emulous one of
another to put our neck under the iron yoke which was
reserved for us. We are French, said we; France gave
us liberty ; France cannot have forged new chains, after
breaking our old hoods ; it was a crime to think so
treason against the laws to say so ; an infamy to have
entertained such a th,oight. All the southern depart-
ment submitted to these, our tyrants, without drawing
a trigger; it was a consequence of the recri eee ination
of the war of Biganil. We saw men of colour and
blacks ; ancient and new freemen, precipitate them-
selves in crowds into the arms of the French,
their brothers 6tl4re God end &Arr. Mc R,plMlic.
Never was conquest wore easy; scarcely a twentieth
of time population was prepared to O'er even a -weak
resistant.... The brother of the Governor Toussaint,
General Paul houverture, at Saath-Domiu.go, and Cher-
seaux, at Saint-Fagot-, delivered tie to the French the
Spanish part of the island, with their troops, without
combatting. These two Chiefs had been seduced and
gained over by their Unfair-stir, the Bishop Mattri,/,
and General Kerversean. The Governor, Toussaint,
had made no preparations for war ; lie had given to.
orders to his Generals, as lie had no hostile intentions
against France, but, on the contrary, had executed
his trust with seal. fidelity, and devotion, beyond. all
praise. The Generals dean Jacque Demalines, and
Henry Christophe, were the only ones who resisted
the French. Maurepas did, indeed, at first oppose
our enemies, but they wheedled him over, and in time
be also became their tool.

We shall not follow the march of the armies in the
11Patirn that enStle; show

very, which distinguished our warriors : um soon • other
occasion these may engage our attention ; fur the I:re-
sent we confine ourselves to the eausesof our Revolution.
In Franca Hon Tarte had rallied round hint all parties;
jacebins, republicans, emigrants, ancient pled tern
royalists, all were ranged tender the pow erful influenee
of his groins. It was the value at St. Ihouinev with
the whites—they mood General Le lien.: anal,
tier cruelest of the ex-colonists composed his privy
council. If union anal a perfect ogre. mcot reigned
among the whites, it teas not so among the intligenal
population; they a.m• divided into two distinct par-
ties, one fur the tiovernment of Toussaint, the other
fur the French. And these last were three times as
numerous as the former. We shall divide this party
into two classes; the first composing the voluntary,
the second the involuntary tools. The first class, and
it was very fortuuately the least ntsmerous, was com-
posed of men sold to the French and initiated into
their projects; they were intligenals--blac..s anti mu-
lattoes only, but white ex-colonists in character and
principles. 'I hey were, and they are yet, the impla.
cable enemies of their brothers and their etmetry ;
such were Petiole, LoplHow, 'garde', hariricrc, Lonix
L:ttclimaio, Nor! Mathice, .101;cerier, eolom• cl,
toot, tstc. These are they whom we range in the
class of voluntary instruments. The second eta-s
was composed of by far the greater routuletr, and
of Haytians the most tits in.:nestled : thee were
all of good faith ; they were perste tdell that the
French troops who had arriy..ti ale I.e Clem were
come to maintain liberty ; such yt re -
dlrd Tlgunang, Loovikolie rt tc.e. : in fine, all the
Haytians who I oatbatted tender the French, and w tot
have been their victims, were their blind arid involun-
tary instruments. They believed that so great a na-
tion as France could nut be guilty of an a. t of isegra-
I titled, so Mack Ind unparalleled. Hat the natural ells-
therm,* disanretitiaenit of thelsodeobsitsPerreed Its better
••• far *hilt the know It (Ice we boasted; tit, beheld the
army

of whitest ; that was suffiriint : rea!oas of their

Airily, they a•. telly procuron •ra:•, they i °iterated
thenacire!. in the iirrths of oar AII.I priTiirett
for W.T.

IMPERIAL PARLMMEN r.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FiLiPAI,ILL 21.

OPENING OF P ‘RI.IAMENT.

At half-past to o'clock Th.. Arriihis:ipp of Canter-
bury, the Lord Chancel'or, the Li ril Privy Seal (Earl
of Westmorland) the Ituke of Well,n.ton, and the
Earl of Shaftesbury, took their swats as the King's
.

Commissioners for opening the Parliament.
L flr.grinee, the Deputy l'sher of the Black Rod,
liras seat to require the attendance ~f the House of
Commons.
Shortly afterward!, Mr. [lron and Mr. Rieltatar,
Clerks of the Haase of Conttatiust follawsul by the
Chancellor of the Rzehequcr, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Mao-
ners Sutton, and a nataber of other Member*, tame to
the Bar.
The LORD CHANCELLOR.—My Lords and tie*.
denten, his Majesty, not thinking St to Eye personally
tare present, has been 1 r.ci. rr:y i.-ur a
Liann.issica to a, 1:11 Otl.l r Lor.ls ter t:e-

daring the eaves of holding
which Commission you will
The Commission for ,
then read by the Reading
The LORD CH ANCELLOR.
drown, it being the grace
further to declare the causes
Parliament, and it being
that a Speaker should be
tlemen of the House of I'4
place from whence you
and proper person to be
you are to present at t
o'clock, for the gracious .
thir4:4lerels *lade their
The Lords Commissioners
haring returned, prayers
The Lurel Chancellor
look the Oaths. His Lot
the Woolsack.
The Ogths were then
Ilighness the Duke all
of the election of the six,
been read by Mr. Cowper,
amongst whom were the
the Duke of Wellington,
Earl of Liverpool, the Eat
took the (laths, which were
Lords who subsequently
o'clock, when an alljour
row (this dab).
HOUSE

Man• of the Members
assembled in the Howe
the Yeoman Usher of the
liar of the House, and hai

informed the lilembers
Lords tttttt uissioners to
hra; the': ' sion read

CHOICE OF
After they had returned,
Sir W. SCOTT ruse,
tientictuan to fill the honours:.
the House, and he rose with the more unmixed satis-
faction, from the manner in which he confidently an-
ticipated that the name of the individual whom lie
should offer to their cfniee would be rereive.l. 11re
Honnuralile Members who occupied seats in that Home
during the two lest Parliaments, would no doubt,
after their experience, have their views confined to one
thotogh, tinder other circumstances, pri-
vate or public f • or a lastest al -basis, soist:t
%err IMtatilt turn their eyes towards others as
entitled to fill the Chair. It could nut be denied ti. 4
in that House, which contained in it Representatis.
of all the commit** parts of the United Kingdom,
many might be found whose talents and whose general
merits might entitle them to aspire to, and eitah:e
thrum successfully to fill that honourable station. Pet
it was now an advantage that they were not obliged its
choose musing various candidates, or to co.i.pare ti:e
shades of untried merit, but that they had to bear trs-
titnony to the demonstration of abilities already applied
to the discharge of the office in question, and whic't
had commanded the approbation of all who had wit-
nessed the execution of its dnties.—{Hear, hear!)---
To timer Members he should appear guilty of node,
assumption if he entered on a detail of the merits et
that tientleman, and he should do better to refer to
his conduct in the discharge of those duties, always ia.
borious, and often arduous anti painful. lie reiied
on their testimony that Mr. Manners Sutton pos-
sessed all the qualities whirl they would a ish to
are nniteti iu the person who filled r (hair; a an ins
loyalty towards our happy Constitution, including a
dutiful veneration for the 'l•hrotte, and an affertionate
attachment to the right* and privileges of the flimsy :
state of health adequate to the severe labour, lie h.i.!
almost said the oppressive fatigues, of the officer
exact knowledge of the proceedings of the 11..u.r,
who uow formed the matter of volutninoua compilati. n :
an aegnaintanee not only with the forms of those pro-
ceedings. hut of the principles on which they acre
wisely established ; a facility of access, and a (raki,,
nest of communication to all Members in the course
his official duties ; an attention ever awake in the more
public exercise of his functions; an unsuspected in.
tegri,y of judgment in every question referred to
de. ision.---(Hear, hear:}--To these high qualities
his stati,n, hr added every feature of an amiable cha-
racter: an unaffected suavity of disposition mad man.
nets--a suavity which, without courting popular at.
plunge. obtain.ed it—which softened the exercise e{
p..ner without derogating from its dignity ; the exer-
cise of an hospitality congenial to the habits of the
country, and becoming the Representative of the
Howse. If be yielded to his feelings, he could amplify
his detail of the totalities which pointed hint out as a
peculiar object sit the choice of the House; but in in-
dulging his private feelings, he s'tould only retard the
general manifegation of the same sentiments.—(llrar.
hear')--He then moved, that the Right Hen. Charles
Manners Stilton do take the Chair.—illiesr, hear!)
Mr. HOLNIT SUMNICII said, that during the time
he had sat in the House, he bad witnessed the great
increase of public and-private business had rendered
the office of Speaker still more 'slums than it had
(sisterly been, and the disturbed state of the country.
and the still increasing weight of business. would con.
,tinut to make it more important and laborious. In
rising therefore to second the motion for calling an
Honourable Member to the Chair, be felt that he was
atstiming a duty, which nothing Fat the length of time
sliming which be bad held a seat in the House could
warrant him in perforating. 1% h a he considered
'hew important the ogre waste the r inlarity, dignity,
and honour of their proceediuts, hr should hate hesi-
tated, if he had had to recsonsuctid an uaknown
inditi-
dual to such an office. He had not the honour of
heist enabled to speak. as the private friend of the
tent.teman who bad been proposed : he had et.ly boon n

/ _.h.-.....•••..

W.
• 4
• Ihrr~e. - •
.1 •
11- • 14.. $
A.l.rf;ilt. 71 •
• 4 v • 4
1-4 - .1%
,
• •••
tr. e•-• 10
•
•
•••
• _ .
• .
PRICE ''EVEN PENCE. •
siding this present Parliament, . •
will now hear read.
opening the Parliament was
lag Clerk at the Table.
•
IiLLOR.—" My Lords sad lien_
rations intention of his Al,..je,ry
arses of holding this prev•et I
rig requisite for that pil',
be chosen, you, therefore, .
, •
Commons, are to repair to t.•.•
fame. and there choose a vs
t your Speaker, which person
this Bar to-morrow, at two
us apprutltiou of it.. • - r
their fthehaiores saindwiAttriAt.
loners retired to nurobe, a.,
rs were read.
r advanced to the Table toil
•ordship then took his seat on
en administered to his R•.:.•al
•
la retire, after which the ret %re,
xteen Peers of Scotland having
per, the other Lords preselit, •
- .
Archbish p of Canterber!.,
n, the Marquis Camden, tile
Earl of Shaftesbury, &v. tic.h.r. •
were also administered to the •
y entered the House until four
roment took place till to-rn
OF COMMONS.
ill of the new Parliament hay.,,,g
t of Commons at half-past two,
be Black Rod appeared at t e
haring proceeded to the Till, .c,
that they were required by t',e
attend the Muse of Peers to
•ad. t .
OF A SPEAKER.
neol,
for the Purpose of ptepoaing a
honourable place of Speaker ef
with the more unmixed satis-
or in which he rnnfitiontir an-

imminiimmommiiiiiii
0,, Zir . • -
