sTATVIALiV.

S

-

SIR GI

,BS WO LS IC LY.

The Baronet has written Ow following Letter to his
Can'theves at Birminetmas
TO TER INABITANTS Or BIRMINaII %M.
"Bgaric tin CHOVNITRTNIVI, when duly us-
. sembied, for I considering on the best means of ob.
Wain a Representation of the people of your Town
.1/ Parliament, and also the Representation (Asti the In.
lialliteets of the Empire,' you shoeld have selected me
for the office, in whose person yen are determined to
It/ the question of your undoehted right of seeding
Members to the Commons noise of the Realm, to
hawks goiceia respect of the laws you are to observe,
pd the tans you are to pay, es well as otherwise to
esev. yea In Parliament, has conferred on mu an
nlMlgetion which, althoegh the honour of it is most
•
gratifying to my feelinie, the reiponsibilities of it 6:1
me wttb apprehension, lest they should 'Reed my
' power of performance.
't Be stored, however, tbat no exertions of mine

•
shah be wantiug in steadily contending for those
electoral rights that you here so nobly, and at the
osismtbso so temperately, asserted—rights, Gentle-
mew, which (contrary to the periJiows insinuations
.these who thrive by upholding corruption and
tyranny) may be smercised, not merely without to-
molt, or any species of inconvenience in a manatee-
tering town, but lo $ manner u orderly as an at-
tends*** on Wise Service; and with oo other
I ands then such es tend to the improvement of
moral., anti tho elevation of character In all ranks

et society.
t' And, Gentlemen, t mast add, that es soon as
the Dill, which you have so wisely made an object
of 'elicited', stall be passed into a law, then.
Mistetilhweedly, for the honour and happiness of this
`surteelesoared land, those leestimable rights will be
• pkeeelsed accordingly.
14Alillitber, Gentlemen, Isbell or shall net he pc-
isibittedged and received jn the Commons Ilona as
l'alittiGisrerentative, depends on this circumstance-
-1•111Mbee ill She censtlteted eviherliies in the State
thmlarknor be sat remtining any tolerable portion of
• •r jeatire, or respect for public liberty, or
AIWII desire lee the continuance of the Coustlts-
lid,. • •
• b - It .
brarever, in the highest degree gratifying
-twit* tn here learned, that in other great tows the,.
• le & disposition to follow the sample of Riming-
•ham, in electing for each one Representative, in
--teltase periarkatey shall join in trying the great ques.
ttiqn es wishillt Is obvious bangs oar ceentry's fate,
for (reedier, tante, and prosperity, or for slavery,
•deprevity, or rein.
44 Thal tholes teems will also imitate years in the
eleammes of their proceedings, we may confidently
anticipate. from the lacerate knowledge of also
sehject of Constitutional Representation, which hap-
pily is so uni ity dittoted swing them—a know.
ledgemateraily tending to promote order and Iran.
tepeMhy': for by their past conduct, we may be coo-
Aidllet they Well Inn. that the success of the corn.
gle•-enst &peed. not on any other faint aim the
torte of pablie reason and virtue, the resisiNesti ed.
*mail of Viich atif cratiral Wane may be shortly
Espeeted to obey.
• a With a deep sense of the honour I have re.
bleed, and en assurance of my being aesleas to
:perform every defy your confidence halt imposed
open me, I base the honour to subscribe myself, re.
slatted countrymen, your faithful servant,
s. moiety, July 14. " C. vroonr."

ki -

ISN. HUNT'S LITTER TO HR. JOUTION, ACCEPTING
Tile INVITATION TO PRUIDC AT TAIL MUT DIAN.
IGNOTTR ISBETINO.
S. .. 5, le3riratreet, strafe', London, hale 20,1519.
' 'ai Me Des —ln roommate of my absence
bear, Adapt delay at the Post-Office, your kw
Aida. 10th instant, containing Ile /altering
of the Committee to preside at the Weeded
Wroth% to be held at Manchester, ea the
' llik if Asgest, did not reach me till Saturday last.—
ifilyeeritemble, those% unceasing reunions to pro-
edelPfier the People of England their undnobted right
*Mteleed their sun Repreeentelives, 1 have secured
Alf besides.* of the brave [Worrier's of Lance.
110/441htit is en ample reword for my trouble ; and it
. guileful to my feelings to hunts, that in pro.
,1
Ito the vintlicrivit hostility heaped upon ire
on enemies of the human race, 1 espy.
thtillsteem and ytotection of such men as the
tmers of Manchester.
Or" Our Meeting takes plies in S&thfield 111-NIOV.
row, sod you may easily conceive the agi'ated stale
si• the tools of corroption oo this occasion. The
Lard Mayor Maws, who is as bogy a fool as your
Bermaghgelm, Is capering about, like a pea upon a
dram-bend, mastering all his tortle.fed forces; and
Meld mete a riot, or do any thing, blerever ridi.
loolows, to be dubbed a Knight, if he were not tee
Omitted by orders from those at head-quarters, who
ow
too casein!, and have too mach at stake In roan
Ike risk of losing it to gratify the vanity of such a
eestemptible colcomb. lie is supported by horse,
Apt, and wake, ; litit the Borooghatongers teem.
kle, when they reflect, that those who wield the
sword and bayonet, as well es those who point the
cannon sod apply the torch, are the fathers, bro.
Owe, and relations of the People of Cogland, who
Se straggling es much to +eters for them their rights,
Odebey are to obtain liberty and jestice for them-
elm.

-" Notwithstanding all this dreadful note of pre.
polatlen, 1 have full confidence that we shall have
$ ercellent and a peaceable Meeting, sod that I
•wH have the pleasure of meeting my friends, and
464 b of presiding again it M.sochester on the
Iltb of Airiest.
" Float what I C4O learn of the disposition of the
people of the Nletropolis, they are resolved In cew•
dsct themselves peaceably ancl orderly ; bat if se-
they ere prepare', and determined to resist
tbe acts of these who may fist break the peace.
ara, ley dm Sir,
" Year's, most sincerely,
/111117.

II is Joseph .1•17:1, req. flbsiebill,

"'TLS PREY LIRE A WIIALICI"'-•

" MINA VIIIMIQVIS CAIN." ke.—VCllO.
r•
and Ike hero, 'Atli. I Wee.
Mvwca Awns elite Wansias-boar,
The great Iwo. Matra, the t'ity's Wing,
Ilho'd fight.. bell 111111.111, the kw& WNW !
The hale Crawaerwantre*. dread Molt.
Who led Ws legions to tke fight,
And etrew'Sa ith slaughwed =tee his beg.
ILA 'lipoid away at JAClres sight
What mut Reformer., thee, have felt,
Had J 4CE avi•en frost a pen,
When, wet fa Smithfield's wart, they dwelt
Upon their native rights, as wen
Their nerve, were armed the dreadful throe ;
No Jar. In armour &honk the ground ;
Ili. friends they slight bin+, high and hue,
But JAC. vtaistwrhere to be (nand !!!

As black w beetle., born la shard,
Three martial steed.,
Were shatian'd in his own Green-, ald,"
Far JACM• and his Jones to ride.
How waeld the Rho., of 11 blare
Tn see the steed., in life adar'd,
Rinirid by set* ewe-strews rare,
As liCin Xeres( horde !
The enterers ghee muy rest in pence s
reline thi. arrant hi. nags were spar'd I
for wittier JACKY. nor Ms geese
To mount each haughty rangers tlar'd !
Wad J liy'd in da,4 of 'ore,
And been l.nnt Mas'r of eeriest Troy,
Wei wooden barge had preol its draw,
To Nuree's grief. and PillAlef juy !
For Jaen ass plat, and reemerpinr,
And, 'rhea 'tis meet, exert his o iit,
gad tell of plans. sad Cow knows shat,
Te bons the sows, sad fry the Cit.!!!
Why, bere's nn tindertakiont bold.
Te credit It inch Aneld iimee he lamb,
Remember we are grarrly hold
That JAC II V hue ft upon .ath!!!"
And what's nn oath, my civic Lard
'Ti. swearing up. arid severing dawn;
iiweariog n n TTT 'wearing broad,
And all, perhaps, for half &true a!
The u.lir StsworTn's 'rake.,
Spy Ohm', from Cambria 's share,
Would swear a thi,oiand oath. • day,
Cantrairtiog far a groat a Kure !
Will loyal Jac.. I'l,o bark. big Bin,
Mincer nor and coadenruJ
To 1,11 and rise, owl whey.
lie swore las Incised Lrialoor friend

lovouttto Ras" war anal to boast
(If aat'rnar
et, be vs gay" drirel a 61s1.
Yet petipled by a >magic blade
lit. gallant J tot drier,. a plat.
And ere... 1.1. • Cat the *. bacna t
fie gratsnd. bi. loyal frar....—sowit
Oa aids, l's liner ale,. '.!

We wand that. ma'am hi, wrath,
Tlvis COM% of civil jars
narl goo eliviratried o ciiiirirr, Nnrtb,
Tu urdcr up rlt Ilewaro:

Tllowe are the Ind• In Aloe In dew !
Greski whrr\•r indical. great tmilt !
Nnre than •rrirseadiatu I. Ilse might
Of Yurlshirewirs with hair, Jowl.!

Yrs. hold ! the seurra..n, had been 'fie !
The prig their (.label pee,
When he dperahel his *worded train.
Wese.” be)a, lilt bowl aims Agog!".
II•P ',ant nreeetirdrShalreell
Lam, emu,* in bin length et torts I
to sin these Da nue monde aw,y.
And SAM Self caught 8111.111(1 fna !

Ilse tour:or. of !brie dread liouaro
IA prod• alike nn gr.. 16 ilk • I brie=
NrowOrickiw'sl a• Prue u saa.
Dot babies alai Ikeir mosales bate!

Their great Commander. titling 54 Ittoon
11 Au A. are the real. from barge to
Wm latch, as the story Rom
Half marder'd by a mak Dwarf!

MA b► bets dad in east anon,
At easew be greed for RCOTWT.II dusted.
Mr to pht Wee sold a dilr'retio tale
He'd tbru hair Hood a better emigre!

Marl/ Jack rrverl poodle, p 1.4.
Self laid ard battled, and the. go ea,
illa.stiesis JACK kill M. i OM.
A Bartert-keiglas, and die tiff hilit!”

July 96.

• The intrepid Ceilifiresuot's wars disling.ilbed Grorra
et the frog fames imam the eke. for a mina, aerosol of
wawa. 'spiels we Wee the Lvato af•Tall tO Metier iletfie of
the Frogs and Mice, sad recaenteend bi, Lordatip to read it is
the @risked Greek.
+ At the bee faaey-dress ball given by the ascot?, Lord
Gannenas were a complete rail of amour. iateaded to re-
mob e that of GUT. F arl of WalivricL, ttaA, ac dare ley. a
ineeh like it,mt lbs Aelvk Lent himself a like Cc, of Woo.,

I lII^

There are now nine States in Germany which have
Constitutions : namely, Bavaria,Wlrtemberg, Widen,
Weimer, ilildsberghsesen, Nemo, Waldeck, Lippe
Schamborg, and the four hoe Cities, bating altoge-
ther a population of 8,639,000.
The King's saddler, it is observed in one of the
French Journals, has received orders to prepare the
harness for the manes to be employed on the
000000 tion of his M.jesty.
The Austrian Obtercer says, the widow of
KOTIIEntre has received 9 pension of 1873 silver
roubles from the Emperor of its sSIA.
Three individuals, accused of having disiriboted a
pretended Proclamation from BONArAlitt, base been
arrested at Lyons.
A Paris Piper furnishes an additional instance of
the applicability of names to the prnfes•iens of loth-
'ideals. It speaks of a juurnesman tailor, of Ibe
name of Munk (Dandy).
GRAND SAILING hi ann.—Yesterday a grind
sailing match, fora sub.rription cup•and cover, took
place on the River Thirties, between the are under.
mentioned Gentlemen's plotter, sailing bukts, each
distingeished by ,a flag et her' peak, via :—Spit fire,
Britannia, Mentor, Effie, •and Waterloo. The
day was inciting, sod the number of specter's;
was far beyond any thing le our recoliectinn.—;
A few minutia before five o'clock the five hosts, en
a given signal, carted from Blackfriirs-bricice, to go
t%reugh Putney-bridge, and to return to Cott:ber-
Isnd•gardetts. A few minutes past seven o'clock'
per came off Comberleati.gardees, wheat the Spitfire
came in first. The winner, on landing, was received
by a band of music, and conducted to the long,
room, where he was prdnesited with the pate. The
gardens were 'Rendre!, Worded with compeer.

-411001111ieTtir.!
40414 INTH LIG It NG S.

rel, •
• ° .11/114.44", V.—Comedown from lie liirer owd
011."Sochr.:er. Colon. for ; Dire-
-111611.010611W,;7nr NPB Y•+rk ; S'istinon, Kendall, tot
AMP Ifstannelt ; and Ha.riet, l'ullrefi, for &lb, a.—
Attire/ the Pled lie, Smith, from St. retersthir;h,
and !ailed for Brier,.

VORYSICOOTII, JULY 47.—Sailed his M•jrsty'a
skips Menai, for Sr. [Mena ; •nd Mitt, on a
mime; Merlon trlnsivift. for i'l►month sttd Ber-
gson's ; sod the Mariti-r, llorbert, for Q
PLualouTit, JULY 'M.—Arrived the hous and
Royal Briton tranlpm!•, front Portsmouth in eight
dilys ; Losiss, Aslisers, from Potwound. in 17
days; sad Mariner, from Msrseilles far Loudon,
36 days ; the later is pet ~der quarantine.
Fataroutn, JULY 95.—Arrived the Joseph end
Mary, Stanton, from St. John's, New Brun•wirk.
laywoman., Jst.Y 25—Arrived the John and
MaryONelson, trout Bondi:rho. Sailed the 26th
Ms' en the 2.. th July, off Cap* Clear, •pule die
Amelia!, from Liverpool for 11.11.2. Also arrived
the Dykes, Crea,es, from St. Andrea'•, N. B.; no
the tsth July, in Ist. 41. long. 26. sp••ke the Iler.
as'es Cobb, from Liverpool for Ne• ;41t.
Wits tot. JULY 27 —Arrived the Scout muter,
[ant. Cook, with ■ boat, having neithe► name eel
papers, with 100 tubs of spiii.s, of brandy and
On, Ind seven men ; the Scout's boa s t.as also
brought in a Dover pilot boat, marked DR. V. hoes
ilog three bales of silk, sod three wen.
