•

•

~i

-v

NAVAL IXTELLiGENCE,"
• Dim, per. 4.—Arrived the Barretsa, fairies. A.s.
diettbe Isle of Frame; Melantbe, Gooch, from
'Om last from Portuporith ; Cygnet doop .
• leaelamOuth : and is p! ether ships, particulars
parmterrir, Du t4.44Asstived the _Mary., Quistoo,„
Assiiiet.dli 011edliet Desire, and; NeptuDe -
gm* ftna Cork, wilt ipesibless.—siiiddletereay,
pies gip Comet, for Plymouth; Cliallenger,lfor The
'and Melantlie, Gooch, from Batavia, for the River. •
FAutoorm, Dee. 9.—Arrived the Sandwich packet,
9141 from the Leeward Islands, in IS days ; and the Monts ae
packet, with a Mail fgosqlhasicit, In 49 days.—Salled his 111a4
jay; ship Gold9neh, isio sail of merchantmeit, for Spain;
Portugal, and the Mediterranean, to join hie Sips
iielader and Amarnothe that are honrly expecte I of this port
*IA the riasaloder of the Beet from Ply hunt th. Also sailed his
Majesty's ship Conquest, withconvtv, fur Cork.
IrsimfOUTll. DSc. 3.—Sailed bit Majesty'," ship Ulysses, with
Seel for Rio Janeiro; and bisAaJuity's -1141141eteder and
Antsraushe, wi.b the Seem boassiller Spain. &c. qlkee.o uB Fal-
mouth foe lkautb4ps of -that port Also sailed his. ilistjesty'sUldp
Yorbottod,mith a emsvcry for fitimperi.. /Race vrtiiiet the above,
she wind has tome rol to the Sniiiii,•-istl.,the a!)lve...fi eels. are
M wily moment nu he to lutihduil.--jirrived the Sydaey
env*, "torrisms, fronsti.oridon; for Rio ; and a Ritimian
ship from St. PeierttAVl, iih tiubbers.—`Sailed the St. Philip
Ertel, with pristmen for America..

ither atrecioeti crime; but that the only nktion
abliegetl for your being required to give them np, wei4
that they !opposed the 'political system whieh
Spanish Government Iwo thought proper to adopt;
since the return of Xing Ferdinand the .111th to
Madrid.
I am unwilling to believe• that this represeuteiion
is correct : but as there may be some 4ountlation for
it, I gavot. desire that you will &flash 'sm. with any
caroaspeisliiihce iyhich may have peSaed Wilkes* MI
and the.Oeversior 111.-Cadis, or any agent of the
Spnriish Givitirtiment upon this sebject.
That yen may not be misted at ally, time by .the
.
ingeney!writh which it is possible sitntler requisitions
May be made to you, :1 have received the commands.
'of his Royal Highness the Prince R.pgeot, that you
voiformly decline giiing• up to the Spanish Govern-
nienCany person 'who may have taken refuge in Gib-
' taitikti;;wldield a previous commuoication with his
I.SineiktiPtiaaador p,t,the Court of Madrid.
• ,—.

and

punishment they .4
your garrison, although with passpores
authority, your Excellency will be
the benefit that most' inevitably result
Orevent that such turbulent characters,
well pests of society, remain at liberty in the piece,
delivering them over for the disposal of the Corn-
iiiiiadieSOCeneral of the Camp of Gibraltar, or send.
thesidAct to Cadiz, where I expect to be to-mor.•
ruse tAlflit the assuritnee that in doing so, your Es.
callegijOyill render an essential service both to your
siatii*-447 mine.
lav ::enyaelf of this otmortunity to assure your
I•
'Tice! : of. my desires to meet your wishes. May
Gods, "Ad.:
i T . Your obedient and devoted servant,
• 1 „ (Signrd) JUAN VIbLAYIOENCIO.
Port ej. Marie, May 16, 1614.
:, . . .
:4 I i(1. N ' 0414 BAILEY. .
•
1;31,...ii t i ...
SATURDAY, Dec. 4.
- FORGERY. .
George White was capitally indicted on a charge of
i forgiqg and tutoring a Bill of Exchange, purporting to be
the aacitplunce of a Sir. Larkin, at Rochester, with nu intent
todefrisof Charles Russel, of I'46ton-square, of 351. 105.., the
I.anionot dr the said bill. It Appeared the Prisoner had applied
4014 r. 14sene1 to discount the Bill, who, under the idea of its
beliag swine, diseounted it by a draft' accordingly. The Rill
was losefstpayable at the George lan, in tke Borough,. where it
wile rad. bat there was DO ooethese to honour it, and
.tdr.• :a being applied to respecting it, the forgery wasdli.
cauered.;- • • ' • ,
• The fath !King . prove'd, the, Jury replied their verdict
.otitdty, Daub: • '
•

- 'rho :.Simit* from Quebec to Greenock,
wu nireAted the 2241.tirt:. 'nen, sntahle.
The Mona; Sihneaster, koni Liabou
pool, groUnded ou ea Ispokerinitsieriagus, J2th 04.
mid pearly 'fitted with at ater.ll)7.oage of wool: do.'
i waged.
ti
Cov# OF KlNGllll*„itil, DEc. 5.
‘lllCh was an ae,
Pan broostakbY Gen: ayott, against Or. Donn, for
, vcrintival-Imipersation with the Plaintiff's wife, was
sried thli when the Jury returned a ter.
,dirt; for thel'hii ff bitnales, 50901.
Intoter, V. Lotto Mtenuribox —This actimi., for
conferlation, was penftng kr the Court of,
Coomon Pleas when our Paper went to press.

. ,
irxriAti at. A• DISTATtIi "ROM MAJOIt-GENORA,I
-L. • •
TO" THE. EARL "AMOURS; DATED GIORAL•
Tarsi Atai. 31, 1814. *-
'I ion the honeur to acksowledge the receipt of
yoti' Lordship's dispatch of tie 34th of July;, ends
17st !newer to your Lordship's desire, 1 beg to states.

. - .
Oat en the 18th of 'May hut, I received from his
Majesty'sConsal at Cadi*, Sir Jamert Qat; the'en-
eland letter, and Skeels' another hem Ida Etrel-

5 ---
lency Don Juan ViPlavicencio, Governor of Cadiz,
and Captain-General of the Province.
A short, time after the receipt of the letters, a re-
lan 1 DEC. '
3.—The West India fleet is now
port was made to me that two persons answeriNg the , off t
"-
hisi " . 4tf? lead, and the wind at SSW. : it is
. • =e • . i / updeseription had, by dctftious names; made their way exweateitthey will not weather the Start,but be
f • Wtaway the following from the Nottingham! into the place, without my knowledge or permissiou '.lYr is Bay.
. ' - bear
'JIMIMNIM 3 —l' It is onr duty to state, that the Printer and contrary to the Standing Ordered Saturday, the garrison ;1' . • •
a fire broke out in the kitchen of ,Mr.
r y last, I gbee'orders for their immediate arrestr and '
. they , Ifikes, sinnwin, corner of Long-acre, and in Drury-
ittnd Proprietor of the Review, was on Saturday
wilioul half-past one o'clock, served with a writ from were discovered and taken up in the course trot a few , len/104 rapid in its progress, that the lodgers, with
his Majesty's Attorney-General. Under this yid- hours ; they proved to be two of (he persons pointed difileelty, escaped by ladders; one. female was car-
tint in the letters from Sir James Dulf and the Go-
rag.tion, we cannot but feel gratified, by the andoui tied but neatly lifeless from fright. The interior
r, named Don Diego Cauca and Don Antonio of the house is destroyed, and two adjoining houses
•and almost incessant enquiries of our Mends after
met welfare: and it is no vital( source of consolation u l'illue' • •
I detained them ea* til the morning, and directed •a !i dam
ito us, that ' Truth anti Qat light' have markedWa:ehl3;u) received from Macassar the (Allowing re-
-4 re err is letter to be written to Sir James Duff, informing him
Leer eondect. If we have erred (and port of.the effects produced by the abolition of the
;of their arrest; lu the meantime, upon the teitaash Slave Trade :—" The influence of the abolition of
}!needle) our motives have been pure and uprigat.—.
Consuls claiming their persons as .4Panisli subjects, • slavery, is already felt to a great degree in this coon-
,We purpose most inflexibly to pursue our duty. bat'
and
when buy they were given up, and forwarded by him to Spain.
,with increased vigiletice and caution ttry. Murders, which were formerly so numerous
-further movement is made in this 'Prosecution, iir. • J must tom, my Lord, beg leave to explain nly here, now happen veil seldom ; the people of the
Inotlees for so doing.
shall not fail to give our Readers the earliest infer. . - oislri,ttevel about to any .distance in perfect se-
nsation." , „...4,,,,1ets Februarylest, my predecessor, Lieut.-General 'cur; . 'Acme .war.ettami. I,4iee' farmer employment
• Campbell, received a 'similar application from the was 1 selling children into slavery, are now
EX M TRAORDINY Twtotes.—On Thursday laststealinger
Governor of Ceuta, to secure fiiiir' state prisoners, obligA to confine their depredations to horses and
*seas exhibited in the Market-room, at the Royal
who nad escaped from that fortress, should they have he In Ines, and t hescantiness and precariousness of this
t.Oak, Portsta, four white round turnips, that grew
on a farm at Emsworth, weighing, when taken out of . taken refuge in Gibraltar; tee"? were apprehended, mode of subsistence compels many to cultivate the
the ground, 100 pounds ; the largest of which weigh. and immediately sent• back tb Ceuta. lawl to procure a livelihood. Under these dream-
been but a few weeks in command of this stances, cultivation and civilization are daily increni-
ed 2 n 7 pounds, and measured three feet four and a Having
half inches in circrunference. • One had been taken fortress, and not being aware of any specific instruc- log, and most extend rapidly ever the country. The
out of the same field some weeks ago, that weighed . tiells from Government on the point in question, I native chiefs in Celebes do not conceal that they are
was induced to act from the example above alluded much poorer in consequence of the change ; but al-
-32 pounds, and measured three feet five iuches Weir- '
i to, and to adhere to a practice which appeared to ! thoegh they cannot at present be expected to cu-ape-'
cumference. ' have been reciprocally observed • for the Constituted.' -• •
Ouerow MUSE% DUBLIN.—It is said that Mr. , - fete willingly in the !oppression of slavery, they are,
ilmernoas, Member for Downpatrick, is to sou. • Att.thorides in the neighbouring parts have on all 0c....) perfectly conscious of the blessings it must ulti-
-1 ' canons' immediately attended to such requisitions
ceed Mr":•Mtasnatr. The Board of Enquiry will be
placed at the ' from this Government, nor could I trace any instance stately produce."
• reorganized, and Sir CITA RI.Es SAXTON On The 3d instant, a Coroner's Inquest sat at the
head of it. Mr. JOHN HAMILTON comes in again, to the contrary, on either side. • chambers of I. J. Williams, Esq. Gray's Inn-squkre,
These considerations will, I trust, account tags- on the body of John Hinkley, found the preceding
and Captain O'Ficatts, late Secretary, is to be the
third Member. , i factorily to your Lordship for my compliance with afternoon dead in his bed. Many enquiries having
the very strong application made to
.me by the Go- . been made for the deceased, and nobody haying seen I
At Portsmouth, about fifty discharged seamen, fo-
, savour of Cadiz, and remove any uneasiness that it i him for near three months, the ticket porters got into'
wipers, black men, and women of abandoned cha.
may hive occasioned. I the chamber, by the window,, the outer and inner
meters, were taken into custody last week, for being*
I beg leave to assure your Lordship, that the in-' doors being locked. They drew aside the bed-
found prowling about the streets at midnight, and 1
'tractions which you are now pleased to commuui- i curtains, and discovered the deceased completely de.
breaking the peace. Upon their being brought be.'
rate to me will be strictly complied with ; as it is my ' caved; He was about 50 years of age, and the, last.l
fore a Magistrate, ten of them (good seamen) colon-,
most anxious desire to fulfil the instructions and time any one remembered to have seen him alive, was
teered for the navy; the others, who are able men,
will be sent on board the guard-ship at Spithead • wishes •of Government, that my conduct, while I about the middle of September.—Verdict,—Died by
and the women have been sentenced to pick oakum': have the honour to bold this important command, the Visitation of God.
may merit the approbation of his Majesty's Mi- 1 Large supplies of wheat, oats, end •flour, of ez-
for seven days fend then to be sent out of the town.
i nisters. , cellent qualities, continue to arrive at Portsmouth,
At was a I3attel Fair, on Tuesday last, there .
• larger show of WO country beasts than had been ! ' from Cherhurgh and the neighbouring ports of
• stribitad at any preceding fair at that place for many France.
Seveu women, each of them with an alias to her
re •
• years past; in eoesequencepf •which, and the high
demanded, ',.rats heavy rale was ex- name, were lately committed to the county gaol of
prices that were dem
Somerset, charged with having obtained, by false pre-
perienced /luring all the former part of the day ; but tences, and a forged pass, money from the Overseer of
towards the close of the fait, the sellers, satisfied the parish of Cross, describing themselves as soldiers'
that the buyers would not submit to .their ezo- wives. They are part of a gang of eighteen, wit°
hitant prices, considerably, lowered their demand, let London together. Their method of making ap.'•
when a brisk sale commenced, and continued, plication to the Overseer was two or three at a time,.
until the cattle were nearly all bought up by the each describing a long family, which were gone by in
Kentish hop-planters, to be put on oil-cake, a waggon or cart, dm One parish alone is stated ter
at from 4s. to ss. per stone, which we believe -base paid this party 501. in one day.
• is considerably less than the same description of i
Three Merchants, in African Slave-trading, ban
beast sold for at Mayfield fair, owing perhaps to the been brought from Sierra Leone in the Arid, and
Mort 'attendance of buyers, who, it was observed, lodgedin Portsmouth gaol, in order to their being
• we 4 Wet numerous than common on this occasion.— sent to New South Wales for fourteen years—that
There wore a great many lean steer runt!' and runt being the sentence of punishment passed upon them
heifers, which met a ready sale, and at better prices after their.trial at Sierra Leone. Their names are,
than wercgiveis at Cross-in-Hand, on Saturday Sten-
. inight. . James Dunbar, a Spaniard; Malcolm Brodie, a na...
tive of Itlinehester ; and George Cooke, an American.
. Extract of a letter from Fort Niagara, October ..
—.me—
11. :—" Oar !enemy is enterprizing, valourous, and
in our immediate neighbourhood, so that we are in
' daily expectation of a bloody contest. lam in the
command of a fort which the Americans are parti-
cularly anxious to re-take, as it is within the limits
. of the State of New York, but they shall not ob-
tain it without a prodigious sacrifice. The enemy
. can, at his discretion, increase his force to any'ex-
tent, by engaging the people of the country, who
' are all most zealous putriots. The Americans have
la this vicinity very ingenious and dashing troops."
Wm. Swan-, Oban and Glasgow carrier, was at-
tacker Lia the Trongate, Glasgow, by three fellows,
one of whom held his hand on his south, another
held his loads, while the other.was searching for his
pocket-book ; but the pocket being eery deep, and
the top well secured by a firm leather whang, on
giving what alarm he could, they left him, being
• unable to fake It, after sulkies bile severely ou the
bead. . . .
•

(ENCLOSURE .NO. 1, ICSIAJOR•GENERAL SMITH'S, OF
31ST AUGUST,' 1814.) .
Copy--IPricate.
Cadiz, lent of Ma .•1514.
SIR,-1 beg you to acquaint hie Excellency the
Commanding Officer, under due reserve, that the
following persons have either left, or are oboes teq
leave this, for Gibraltar, in consequence of the late !
change of politics ; that his Excellency, informed, of
their riociples, may decide what he may judge best
with 'espect to their residence in this garrison. I
Don Miguel Ceblera, author of several publics
lions inserted in the Duende, against the King of
Spain, and of a very late one, exciting the inhabitants
ofikis city to revolt against the Governor and Civil
Authorities, &e. .
Don Antonio Peighlanc, the author of the Inqui.
ship: in licicera, and a friend and companion of
the former. These two persons are pro% ided! with a
passport from General Vikles, endorsed by me.
Lopez, lb* author of the Thseide, the Paper in
"which the repeated calumnies against the British troops
on theft entrance into St. Sebastian, and of many
othersaarrilons productions, appeared Correa, for-
merly an Officer in the Spanish service, the author of
Siali.lar publications, and supporter of the Disendc,
&c.; and it is probable they may be followed by
other persons of the same description.
1 have the honour to be, &c.. .
I(SiVied) • JAMES DUFF. ,
J. Stedman. EN. Secretary, Gibraltar.

CORN-EXCH ASCII, Dec. s.—The market was well supplied
with. W beat this moraine. and the trade being very heavy and
little disposed of, the prices were full 31. lower than on Monday
Wt. Bodes. 9s. mod Owls 2-. lower.
Wheat ( English) . 40 80 Beano
Ditto (1•'oMp) 45 74 Otd ditto — r..
ke ••;• •• • ...e* • • r.... 36 40 Tick do. 3l 42
Barley
96
New ditto 92 40 Oats .1.4
Malt ..... .. .... .....66 76 Fine ditto • 1
White Peas •' 46 50 ' Poland de. 94 28
New ditto....-. ....... —•- Feed ditt0......19 45'
Ditto Boilers b4 58 Fine Flour .•..... .....65 it ,
fkey Peas ' ..- 44 47 Seconds .. .... . :.... 0.1 65
.
1 , . .
VAITIIIttELII MARKET...Dix. 5.
To Oat the Oral, per stone Oat.. , .
Sear ....51.• Od. tol 6s. Od. Head of Cattle this day.,
%duties .. ss. Oa. to 64. 9t. beasts
l' Vent ....7w Od. tas Rs. 81, Sheep
1 Pork ......6s. Qt. to Is. 64. Calves-. •a.
lamb —.et. 61. id, es. (1.1.. Pier ..1 4OO
. .. HAY•III.IIILKRT..' • i
la*"
- Allitter
' Illikirr

[ENCLOSUILE co. 12 • lit MAJOR-GEWIIIIRAL SNlTifil) or,
31st zticust, 18,1,4.] .
TitANSLATIOST.
Yocra Excst.t.ExtcY,—By a Royal_Ortler of the.
4th iustant, dispatched from Valencia, his Majesty,
Ferdinand the Vllth has been pleased toConfer upon
me the mod ample faculties of Captain-General of
the Marine Department of Cadiz, Civil and Military
Governor of the sale) nod allot fortress. It being

I'MS. . initigoii-14-itii 111:fiefi :1:4 v,
. : ,'.: '
~ ...:,;,,,....; : t• • ... r '.4,...7 _ ,c;.;
ti,:rlirinipo. !Ace cif: *mite, 5.601. rti `a p..
and comtn,rciil point of view, Maiitifirr :Snit
proved durieg the list war; awl tisitifniie ft.,
of his Majesty's dernittions, eery VE.
, may, hate a tendency to agerite to Ihie.R•
of the general emit:wee' of:44;141-d, fir:,
Illy to be Avoided. • With the lorilea. iiitrn
advantages which Matti his, for ,being ',Ulf' e
inCipal depots of this see,'there,i,4 !its'- *•,;'••TI
will still retelq d etinsidetithki prIti•••• • t' ~
of the lidediterrenettrinOder the relifrri'g i',7.
or tfiPlPitish el4veftithetst • lint Vail n vi. ,-• .
~ this end, It duties of export and IMpoit 'might;
In my opiniort, to abolished, Ind the trade of the
place left as free and unshackled as PoSsittle ; Otheath .
wise the free ports oe Leghorn, &c. will draw Oa, '
that trade and capital which the geographical 'Heise ..
lion of the island, and the best mercantile conneei ,
tions in Europe, would insure to It. Instead ot
Publishing a new table of duties here, as was the
case last spring, they ought akto bare been faked
off immediately after the ports' of the Continent
Were re-opened; but it is said that Government ek•
pended large sums during the Plajue, which it is ne-
cessary to reimburse. It is unfortunate, however,
that this reimbursement is required at. the me/nen
when **general peace lays. open •it; trade the ports of .
Italy;;Tziesse, &c. insomuch that the :bock given
to our tee& hy that calamity, the Plague, theillteeta
of which are yet too severely felt, cannot be'sdd to
be lessened by. such regulations. The duty certainly
is not heavy, being intendedgenernlly tie run at about
one per cent. on goods when Imported, and half per
cent.' more *llea exported ; besides this, however,
there is a quarnsitine duty on, goods finm Ifni Le.
vent. On some Reeds; iltdess4 tfie import' and ex-
port duties together emoitet to more 'than ono and
a half per cent.: 'for instance, 'ordinary coffee at the
present price •of fiat/ :cedes, Ingwood of fifteen
Lscudes, plutertte' at ninety 'cedes per canvas,. per
about tiro per cent.; tied pepper at one hundred
scudes, throe per cent. taking the bags at sisentO
krotolos each. In'addition to this duty, wines and
I..spirits pat Whet is Called • et, Steise duty, so thit
rum St its present price Of thiee stades per •galterr,
i payi on its introduction into this free port of Malta
I,as high as ten per cent. in customs and ezeise,•'this
latter being laid at three 'cedes per barrel of Octet&
ellen,. ' ' • .
It: is true that hot( of the F.xeise Daly is re'.
"forntbd on ii-exprettetion, provided the quantity mfa
iseeds flee pipes,of Wine, and two of sprits. Out
frieeds;.theTirksanifßarbutesnoes, however. if they
' will indulge 'themselves with rum, must submit to
i the ten Per cent. or get supplies from other qual.t.
ters, as they generally take it ready bottled in email
quantities, or a puncheon or two at once.
I If by wise and political measures the trade Of ails'
!place he kept together for a couple of years, we
I need then fear no rival ; but if the object of Govern-
' meet he to raise a revenue here, the sooner we mer-
. chants take our depertureAo a more favoured spot
the. better. It would, however, be ridiculous to
suppose tftst revenue worthy of notice were the ob-
ject in a place where aM vessel pei :noun would
istipply the whdle fahrtffirlth Ctilonial produce and
British manufactures. The grand object at present
oug'lt to be to keep the trade together: The opinions
`of the*most respectable of the British merchants ma
(the spot, may be presumed to be in favour of the
• place, as out of about sixty establishments, forty are
' yet remaining, among which are the len old and
I highly respectable houses, whose opinion in a case
lof this nature ought to have some weight. It ought
1 to-bli observed too, that if the trade of the place
' &dwindle into Its former insignificance, the 'glue of
' Government property bere,• which is not trifling Its
lands and houses, will he reduced in proportion.
We have already bad a change in house and
magazine renal; and there is now a dwelling-house
4 In the best street in Valletta standing empty, be-
cause nobody will offer more than one hundred
pounds per annum for it :. the Gentleman who todis
it in March last for three years, at a rent of three
hundred pounds per annum, probably despairing of
doing any business here, is gone elsewhere to try his .
fort•tne.
Though we have only had about one thousand ar. .
rivals in this year, and only thirty of these from Eng.
land, yet we may safely venture to say, that there is
still more business doing here than at any other port
in'the Mediterranean. Nevertheless, compared with
shat has beendone here, we are too apt to 'consider
it little. Far be it from me to wish to deprive Leg-
horn, or Trieste, or any other place of that trade
which naturally belongs to it; all I desire is, that
tritiih merchants may not bi obliged, or rather In-
duced, by impolitic regulations here, to go and speitd
their money there, and transact that business at these
ports which may done equally well, or even better,,
here, where their property, and, what is more, their
persons are secure against foreign invasion. Those
who were so unfortunate as to be thrown into pri-
son a few years ago for refusing to pay French'con.
tributions, need not be put in mind of the pleasure
of a good night's rest, and security afforded to pro-
perty in order to induce them to prefer settling
.in a
colony of our own.
In the coarse of 12 months preceding the breaking
out of the piagos last year, we saw about 4000 ves-
sels enter this part: upwards of WO of them were
tertbantmen, with valuable cargoes feem Greet
Britain and the West Indies. Estimating those car.
goes af20,0001. each, the imports 'from thews' parts
will ermine to four millions of pounds sterling in
that•tirelvernontb. Indeed the business done here of
lite years, has been greater than is generally sap.
posed, and new channels of trade have been forded,
which•will probably continue to be supplied. front
this place. 'Tie Maltese, with the true spirit dein-
dustry and economy, have 'acquired considerable ca:
pita!, and the shipping belonging to the island is not
insignificant. These men, attached to their festive
island, will continue to carry on the.trade bet Ween
this and the neighbouring places. The Greeks too, .
wiles, establishments here are now numerous and re.
spectable: seem anxious that the trade between Ter.
key and this. island shOuld remain on its present '
footing. As far as regards colonials, however, e.
peace with America would make a material alter*-
, (Junin that branch of our trade. We are its **great
measure indebted to the Americans for the great ton.
sitnption of Well India coffee in the Turkish demi.

. .
. .
' .
••. - .
. . , . .
, . . - .• :.
~ . • . .
- . . .
. . . . ', •.f WE *lrak. .1414 N # . • ,
... 134i1EltS'--11EL dniox To Plitifsolgs slfila ley ottiti istl# with' thh §ret test punctuality and To 2
FROM GIBALTAR. ',CADIZ; .. exacTittideftililnalfußitiriiiiiith which LAM ftirniaAed,
rim lies,' . . '.,;..~a
P•lii-!i.a. ' ' t Priitettby owlet of tie aposo of Cofnnume.) - , . e!"...;.„.111itr.5e 611.440 the Ve#9enx,- who, removed to any tical ant
of war, Orritites WA Lerrasi taint Liss Zatii-01.1A11f41131T .w." ii:. 'user:prove of infinite prejudice, ifot:only ently pt
i bdtalso to• the interest of the town la part
Oars net Ofl MAJOA-Ctittaltari iiiltrtil, ISAAC) Wait DErthr.. "tae -I .
, • Whim. reside, as they",carrnot live by any other • which v
NEWT, JIM/ 24, tgl4. • • • • • ' . •'.
An, fro" -It has been-represebted• to me, (hut you have deli- • •,112.. committlusrexcesses and sowing discorda) dice of
Otings; mid conversations, which possum : Forerun
comers; vered up to the Governor g Catiiz, tort le PerstAslis • `-.' • lv to the .hearts.of incatious personal phical a
his mss. subjects of 'his calholic`Mtvietily,,Oe the reqxisisitta , - •
. orurFoccellency,
Downs . of the Governor, wlthout any previous corninunical: tiiic, that if it ihould happen, !he prb
' Lion with his Majestyfa Ambassador st.thueourtvit t'-' , these men, stich asi:lon Dee() Carres, that k 1
ohe Cahra, PoigbFattc, one Ardente, and ollter.simi7 tide of
L Madrid; it is further stated, that them person ova;
ii!t' wit"! I not charged with having committed murder, or, ter tar cbs era, knowing their perfidy, their crime,. ectiow
and ei ltisilf, the punishment they dese
.rve, 1 to this t
mcntagsfi ! Other Crackle& crime ; but 'that the only tilattnt
d tat MR4 I alleged for your being required to give them op; Is •tt' to your garrison,. although with passpoies linmy o
. .
1 authority, your Excellency Kilt be place it
w sPain, Ii• that they -.opposed . the 'political system which Of I_,,l,a.r"''';
powwow, . r the benefit that. most inevitably result wise the
ifs Sips I Spanish Government have thought proper to adopt',
ih 1e . tie:. ..a..• Laro. t he. ...1.12... ....r It: n're V.IPA irs s rt.l ~ Vitth i. from It,. .to prevent that such turbulent characters, that to

.i
•
r 0 . •
E.r:g!3 "1
1
4,tit

•
alttra-
in a'sseat
great tan.
tish
