'l'll E STA 'l' ESNI C

of the Allied Pi4E*. It exhibits part of the grand —The garrisons to march out with the honours of
.litirnl sysiem.:idOptid by thi European coalition, war.
tiniilly to estehlishtlitlience of the World on a solid The following articles, relate to the ail of ar-i
basis. Brought more than once into your midst ratigete4ts,for.carrying the ninth- into 4
by the fortune of war, I have always endeavoured foot. !„ 41 3t
to remind you of the benign and noble virtues lAA .
the Prince who is now restored to you. My ad-/'
PIiOCLAMATION OF lIIS IbIPLItIAL 11101INESS 'mica
ministration has been, like his, beneficent and pater-
LUG ENE.
nal ; it has approached to the latter as nearly as •
cir-
curostances would permit. I venture to indulge the FntiYCR KOLnTrixs,—Long misfortunes hive
, •
weighed upon your country. France, seektiig a re- '
hope that my:isaiiie and the particular sentiments i
...bare ever manifested towaids4rolivaill be some-
..irietly to her diatirmeek.bas again placed herself under
''dines blended. With the benedictions with which you her ancient aegis.l 'rho *raiment of her sufferings
_will accompany the name of Ferdinand. A friend *begin Wendy to..bij.efface-d in the hope so necessary
Lisa that
.rriiitce,. an Ally •:of the
..anieust. lions. !of
after her many tigititions.
Ailstria iihicliir'belOngv, my prayers iqiplore
7 66 X
of-liostveb "Lone and the same time, the happinebs ofo, , • ! n And% of these great changes your first at-
•
iiikl4Virluous a Snyereigssolud the happiness of the vir-ittenltop Ittertieu towards that dear mother who re-
l.*, uskllificans?"` ' * 1 7'• . •'7 ~ cal): alto her bosom.
1: 1444
N ;Ilene of. the journals have published the TEO Soldiers,—You are about to direct your
_crust:Wow 01.tJue Affnistice- i*tweeu. Marshal Belle- atoms towards your firesides. It would have been
oigarileand l'iincei:atigeue,. We 44 we may assert that4rsta
Id *o ale .
to conduct you. In -other circum-
lOry am uot!autbentsr. .
stalitie I.loehild have surrendered to no man the
' care of conducting to repose the brave men who
aiairs.. 0 4 gaie tollOweif the path of glory and hatiopr, with{ a
•
•
• ' devotion so constant and so noble. But in separating
from you, other duties remain for me to fulfil. A
good, generous, and faithful nation •claims the re- '
mains of an existence, devoted to them for the last
ten years. I have no right to dispose of myself, so
long as I can be occupied with its happiness, width
has been, and will be, the busbies. of
" French Soldiers,—Whilst I remain In the Midst!
of this people, be assured, that I never 'shall forget
the confidence you have shown me in the hour of
danger, as well as in political circumstances of the
most thorny nature. My attachment and gratitude
will always follow you, as well as the affection and
esteem of the Italian people. . .
4::16 Given at our headquarters itt Moffitt, th9)7th
'6l "Apill, 1814."

•• •
.Arr Mells.„ = ; PIN
4 .1 - •0
0
11
Liable

t rieicitk)r• STOCKS Tins
At
* Pk
3 per t•ent. Red. 65j 6
siter Cent. Gin' 67
&per Cents. 81d1
• A per Cent. Nur% 95iii
• lanlig. Aso. 16 1-161

DAY AT ONE ()'CLUCK.
India hoot 11) t is
Exchequer Hills t 4 p
• •
()maim 903. h
Pay ditto 4G&}
COnsob fur Ace. 64

'1 Bk.. STA 8
_ •

`~ ^ ,

,r;

'3

•
;
\

are more felt by the meaner class of confined Debtors •IYUrvit. .INalirmari747E77.ll:
than y aietheLvictims of calamity. , , Trievollillt, --...—.
s.rasr., us.: 2.—Arrived the Royal 'o "
f hi
..o hip. diminish th!number Di thete, .
ii
1 Charlotte yachh.; and the Pioneer n I
..ota
from Calais; id the s h c "loam,
al . ) elle frigate, from Portsmouth
aboli
sk.ing the practice of inip4eonment en. pes
pfoqeitil mid to mitigate their sukerings ,by teacbi Sailed two Riisoi :ii rail of the line, for the Roompot.
their petty tyrants that their conduct is subject to vi- 1 1
i ,0
20a.suorTio, MAY 2.—Arrived his Majesty'd thip 7.4.
gilant inspection, and severe censure, is, in the phone, hum Lyiningt.ot Roads; the Btear„tbut. Gunn,
rmr
lPhigbest degree, laudable. The admirable stieei,h of Liasv,iriele.ddehGisrmacea
jes;
tayad..sthkeipTruhrraboeit,tinLierCoilatiz,ktifrumnsC.l7bores.
Earl STANIfOrE,OII this interesting subject, will be
our Parliamentary
Report.
found in our
• that wean limn rlditillrieg os yen sa t cl
Conversations..took placethist v Houses in both
—ouses it iinpti,ible fur a ves?el te_nsialtrahe barb to
"ad*
h
Papers canneited with ill irtniithedted to be laid. '"' itiTD".o,:::Tilt,ist.u;;:p.wpitk..,4,. 7.4-I:::—..ite. ,iifrw..l.,'Lnis'bi...th
iehhild.‘
of Parliament-on-the subject-of Norivity7—Norway: on this ,ide the Manti.ekti.i. . • ,
• • . . . i lir
the tables ;and lathe Lord's, the felil diictsst oof the has moved
;•„ 1 subject is appointed for Tuesday nest. kieltba inter-
i ference of this country'svitbikliiimiy, 'ile otadot_ Ale Mr. Aliirt.:779tr late Minister at Coa;tantinoale
often nor too strongly expreesoar opinion. •Itimpriises arrived in Soynitg-street dill ►Tmorning, city
numerops attendants, some of whote,Fre does* ii
. fis ,
a fouler stair' on our national, chtiracter,. thaii,eoYl
eu.
tA4t! ITt
_:, ---.-........4.-•............,,
transaction of modern times: It belies all the leilifens •
,co ree of nti
..

4 •
we biro been in the habit.'. Making. to the • .title,of
friend to the freedom of t!ielpMbn race. It .ttaillPs
the miak of ilpecrisy on a* rrprofessions loft/oar
of general liberty abut bappinees. ft degradei..ncibe
more, in exact proportion'l, ire. ii
•are more fav,ond
With the blessingeof treedom thaw other nations ; for
the experiende of Its idilintaiii-itdits to the crime of
rthholding it from others. All themoral feelings re.

•olt with such instinctive honor from the course our
Government is pursuing, that it It almost needless to

' ' u urs ay last the RomaniCiltkilic. BiSlisii;?
ttltr Lortdon District receiVecr frosaome a most im.
,p2rtaikt corpituunication. The persons resident to
Rome,' enirtisted" by his Holiness th? POPE with 'the
administ ration ;of the affairs of the Chin& during his
oe n captivity, hart
~:iiten into their coosidsration
the papers• traosmitted to them f•om London andl
Dublin with respect to' the proceedings in Parlhunenr,
dui ing. the last S:.ssion, upon tine Catholic Question.
The result of.which was (after a meeting of all the
Divines in Rome) the solemn .leiertnination of the
Commissioners for executing the holy. office, that it
is c}ot only. Consistent wish the ordinances of the ci.
holic Church, but the ooknolen duty.of its Cosine.
nicantasituate its countries out of thei Papal Terri.
tories, to give full and =tie securitiesto the Ge.
vernments ander which they live for their allegiance,
fidelity,, and obedience to the. laws of the land; end
that for this purpose, that the Veto proposed to be
given to the King of GREAT BHITAIS4 hi the ap.
pointment of Bishops and neon, In' hit •dominions,
was strictly conformable to the rulei and practice of
the Holy See, and would be cordiallyacceded toted
.acted upon.by the Sovereign Pontlff, IV 0 *fie to
come. And also that all tOrreaPendinet boom
• goailta Catholics and the Holy See shodtd in (Ohre
belielfect 16.14;0 inspection and controul as *as
. iikpOsed byllindate Catholic Relief Bill, THE WHOLE
I WHICH IS RId11111( -APPLAUOVO' ' •• ' ' _

advance argument upon the subject. Our opinions
may best. be fortified by adverting to the, a? tints
advanced.•in favour of the star's ton thsteq, 1. In

their weakness we find the stretoh and justice ofl
our ovtu use. " The cession of Norway to Swe-
den is necessary to the balance of 'Europe," seysi4be,
Courier. Do the balance of Europe be preserred•only
by aggression and conquest? has not the balance of

Ebrope existed whilst Norway befenged to Peri:nark ?
Why, Upon 04 principle, should not Sweden demand
the cessfOsi of the irhole df the lianish States, asildi
itias*ll/41ocwayfi. Where *4 theilliaiii of this prete;►a..
and by winninfe,dlsputet respect :tog them .to beAd-
jolted ? The trtits, t.bepalitice of powerin EitrUpe
Jleetruch depenikso:cousi irddins so minutely gin- _ ....vivocs
.).-asteryTgomPrni4triontain
of the dank
graphifal-; it is, on the ntrary;,direetV.appated '.a repout, .whick seisinot it sturouudea,
,to such considerations. . is
.tR. 4.l4,,maintained as a ' of Sir•J•o nu Mlles,'; in o;nseqUetice• of the wounds
i
'received in tht 14e.sOrtie or the- Preach from Bar.
r,taiii confedecarly,to resist the spoliatioh of Weak.
of the pien,
of onne.. 'The Mpiettiolerought by, ciessel which left
States,' and ;not..l)y. an • admissioh
ogetograpiiica'i convenience. A clumsy ntteteipti is Passages on the.l,34th,. and suites tlia" theitlsill pa?
announced by a kag
_et lturajciaw,b,e polveo at
~.
Ii
made Ido pe-int.•',iait niitinctions. between the cases, iv. xo- - -
nne, -) -7.- :: . ": I .4 : ' I•"j .:
. .. •:',
of) ikinlivay ant" Spain.--The .distinction Is : We learn, that ihe,linOlJe ofAltona are under
!., , • • • •
merely, this r that Bog .1 PARTE attempted, by force ' emne nneaf ;imp with ref:::irtV4V- tlrthr autut,: deitilvy.
'llt Is said] tivt the Itusoa4,ltr.e-4i,. like posses3iou
'of arms lo iinpon., upon Spain the government. of
.4.c-Akeni.a. ancrila. allio tit's, ; and; th! pretence as
his Brother ; and that England atill'lthe other Allied iiiket°th
he flrmer is, that it ‘tutiltli,t,itititie 'tuner the
Nowevistfive; fiy dint of. Starvation, to constritih .. p01v...--1,-.4 the Allies.• unTll"4-4.seion' ar -by her hilluenm
the NorWegut ns 'to accept Butm,tnprrE, the Crows :iiirakiiihority, shaii-haeolilifirce Prince CHITS?, AN
Prince. of ivreden, formerly the companion in artns ant! the NorwegiangNobitlty-ta k.l...oilience, .and shall
,of the 'would-be,. King of Spain, as their future Sore- ;lieu 'Orrllid into cino:plete uffect,the alienation of 14
I reign. If morality—if any regard to the liberty and . kingdom of Norway to Swedunt to which she Ind
i•itidependence of nations had governed our conduct
acceded in. the latelrenty. ;the more Intelligent en.
,
tertpn •no feats; hat Russia will, aim at any con-
iimiratds Spain,. consistency wonkidesnand-qf ussi-
a. . tinuance of terAtiturtion ever the Rant Towns. and
! !flair, or still More, zealous efforts in behalf of N'ir.. I it is anderitoOrthat she. toßks for her indemnity in
rway. The people of Norway are themselves more ; T.*rkeyras,Aostsia has-defte-isreitair;---- —7-
__

generally disposed to fight in support of. their own The detachments of regiments in'oCeeding to North •
I freedoM than the Spaniards were when we first America have been ord, red an extra supply of BC..
cootrements, for which the Colonels are to, receive
espoused their cause ; we should be certain of
lan indemnification.
not having amongst them to contend at once . Letters from Philadelphia, dated the middle of
against the enemy in the field—and against jea- j February, state, that the Government was in pds-
!lousy, coldnen, and intrigue in the Cabinet.-- ! session of intelligence relative to the itdvaetaget
I But eve know it would be useless to recom-wend that ; gained over BONAPARTE by the Allies, to the lost
0 the assistance of this Country should be afforded the week in December, and that peace was considered'
i Norwegians. They are not attacked by BONAPARTE;
Norwegians.
amburgli is now considered free; an'd we under-
; they are assailed by our good Ally the Cnowx )and thatships ceit ii.
may now clear out for that place it
!
Inu NCE. It is surely not too much to recommend the Oustom-house. ‘
• .
that me should refrain from joining in the attack.— ; setters to the 30th alt. from Marseilles were re-
Cannot we sometimes remain neutral ? Are we so ceived yesterday, and they indicate the strong feeling ,
feverish in ear activity as to be incapable of remain-
of enthusiasm among all the people of that great row
mercial depot, who leek forward with confidence to •
ing quiet ? If we are restrained by our Treaties from the restoration of their ancient prosperity, which els
assisting the good cause, does it therefore follow that uninterrupted for centuries under the auspices of the
we must lend our aid to the bad ? The. conquest of BOURBONS. The Mayor of that city, it Seem's, had
Norway is, however, not a bad cause it is been an active partizan of the late Ruler; and so
pretended. We are told by the Courier, that great was the indignation of the citizens against the!
" Sweden is a free Government that of Den-s Chief Magistrate, that he very narrowly escaped with
his life in the first tumult of transport produced by
mark an unqualified despotism, the most un- the new revolution. Two English vessels were in the
qualified in' Europe." This may be so; and if harbour, and the populace, to show their gratitude
the Courier can impress this conviction on the minds to this country, forcibly seized the Captains on the
of th 6 Norwegians, it may do some good. As a decks, and 'bore them aloft on their shoulders in tri-
motive for the conduct of England, it is nothing to umpli through the cit v, amidst exclamations of " Vice
le Roi ! Vivod les Bourbons! l'ivent les Ate,olois!"
the purpose. Let the Well of the Courier strike off
and as a further demonstration of their affection our
als many copies every day as they were wont to do when national anthem of " God save the Kin," was per.
b
the public panted with anxiety for its Second FA- formed in the evening at the Theatre, and received
lions; and let the Ministers of England send the co- with the most clamorous applause. -
pious redundance of its impression to Norway, for ! The iniiotTili4 is an extract. of •ts letter, 'ditralst:
the conversion of its inhabitants to the faith of Swedish . "r•P"11 April 30:—" We hear, to-day, that letters
freedom , are received here- from a Gentleman arrived iii Ire-
land, who left New York on the Stst of March, and
/ to this we could have no objection. It would
et once reward an old and faithful servant; and if ; came by stay of the Western Islands. Ile states the
the Norwegians are a people eery easy to he per- • American Government to be active in their prepera:
suaded, perhaps supersede any necessity for the • tiers for a continuance of hostilities ; they had ob.
starvation -.system. Tie by this, er some other ! tented their loan, thirty-five millions, and an i-sue of
Tieasury noks, corresponding with our Exchequer
means, the Norwegians are ccnvinced of the great !
Bills, for ten millions. Congress was to rise Olb
benefits the Courier says. they would del ire from the ; the 11th of April. Nothing more said about ,
Lm-
change of masters intended to be forced on them, , ear,,„e,
par- :Hiss STANLEY'S Pola, in Twelfth Night, wastbese benefits are absolutely foreign to the
pose. If the Se edish government be free as airi highly and deservedly applauded. This Lady pro.
!ekes to become A general favourite of the pehtle-
still it would be slavery to them. The bayonet, nor
instead of Mc. SHERIDAN, GEORGE DASIIWOOD,
starvation neither, cannot communicate freedom. If'
Esq. has been elected a representative for 'cruio, eke
ja people may not choose its own government, it can- 3oite LESION, Esti. deceased.
not be free. Deprive it of this, and you necessarily The Leander frigate' after heine detained at Cork
'deprive it of all other power. Has•it a national re- ' a long tiNle by contrary winds, left that place nearly
.presentation, invested with certain (auctions ? What three weeks ago, with 100 sail of vessels wirier her
..shall preserve the proceedings and deliberations of charge, containing 5000 troops, fbr llalifai and
'this alsembiy from the contemptuous disregard of Quebec.
The sceptre of peace made in• the reign of King'
'the Executive Pewer, but the consciousness that the CISARLES IL, which has been lately fowl by aloes
!nation is paramount to both, and' thatit 'still protect tlemah who has been .stinted to. the • care of Ne
1 e• •
oho authority whicblepreseets it.. I jewels in the Tower, is to be cleaned and repaited.
