ergoivesel bulwark,to iik,,
..„..rite,
tis.,„!
it., .e:
oetittoitinioshnoed—tf athgoo,esm,aitrtoihdteeoniosta ciotrsfedtehgeoirrytzortflhdeh,
, , ..
-own amongst • thein. .- - II 'as to awe—let us not live to
dblttiri
see it t
.4.4teom tenedktfonemAck-th4Se b .... tithed, or its flag lowered at the command
••
~, 0 our foes, though a Gospel doctrine, is a hard ' a 'foreign State. The question of our elariti
Ilesson to the courteri_end it thinks, " most Chris- rights, as the points connected with the Ptel
lien like," that it
:s equally hard to all. We ac- ration of our naval superiority,..ara
.4t ALI
gileknowledge k'is a Ling much out of fashion ; but settling at present in another hemispliere-%1
we had rather lei :It. used, than hear Delgada • est Allies (let theitteeives jottNiat 4n• point-of haat*
Carthago contiottallt ringing the tocsin.
.01. Alarm.. interfering betwist,„two. Belligerent'? theitium
—Of this, .we are ATI), persuartift tho ..}",:oropean better thank 9 enteeilskiins,dangerpni fiaeliti9n,
sit
Powers now met to restore peace Ind 'the bust ba- stake their crowns is ilit4riaa cambia with Brit' II
lance of power are convinced, along .with the great men. The Emperor.of Bre.
,ts', we aret.notielt
proportion of their subjects, they have bed ettoutt assdred,"hitiersed it to itC4kitilled to the 'tote •
; bli
or they must he incorrigible indeed. The lesson of Plenipotentiaries, that he will •,not interfere rant,
adversity has been read to the " Throned Moist*" way, in the Iletlatta at lama ihstsen Gres firi
as, well a* to the peasant,. and we hope has imui.(an and the:Uaited States. ~ , .
as,
influence-favourable to public happiness and4an-
,The.Ften—eli;;Papfrts beingtweie almost. till'
.
medium through which we can obtaiii.iltfette4.
quillity on all hearts. ;It must be acknowledged,
however., Were are too many who conceive their in- g.
weirs nfiiipeirn nosh ere '
tetoitst.wmptd be advanced by a Continuante of' war,
ilx
.circulation of intelligence :,we knots eot what.
and td:setli persons points of contention will 'never trop' ok fhe.Sponish Government to pram) Ai. •
ft - , _
be wanting. been success may have pernicious con=
d
SequenCes in this respect, on one part, by eocourag. il of credit may be due tothit acceuttla atkitnag
tl elce. 'We can,. therefore,orily _repeat the eji ;
ing. them to set no bounds to their pretettsions;
ttked • ...-
Iv Mitt, on the other, the consciousuess of a hUmbled . stances as stated,. These, in thli state of-things, --'
!OA** will he for ever inspiriting tai 0040,114 , not be wig tp see
,ret7y. differently,*
adv:teircement. • Victorr is too apt to produce arro- . in-attooltalOtoicomminications. The fact,.i44,lte&
i Ills now.asidt that the attack of General Mint"
ganef ;,,ligti3Oie trulY.Maisnanimous neier'extlit Over •` of Spain being in a most pertartied State iiitithE
a fait, 'folt;...iti. Egad. *die submission than honour
dentassa. • The Courier. is continually asserting, kit* i Dort.oritle:enik.zSebaitiailSltthwAllampelutt.;.' tf
stilt! of ell, the decided controtqctions. selsleft ..•litilli•I Illi.,....l#li...*tiel+s,lwerl'iii.l4oo44;llo.4raiiie at,
been 'given by the French !spent,. and even by 111; ell i teersvis that it'. Is •thited-Itolf,Jin.tery !pat 4
p.„,,,,,„„„„„,„,...p., seems to he tiamlit!d, that;iough Ons.ocCesifulla iris
otoiiicur,-.....iii4...leassortion_ ono the yr,e.4-2,, t, is said to have been AerPolijeolif •his'attaci.7ll
"-" ''''''"E*""- ;
attempt, he slit) keeps the place in a state very nearly
'.ftse*S.la privy to the
pow in the newspapers s-wattet that thetefore, the
tar' them, resembling: that of,„sioge : brut, he, has numerous ft**
within the fertrr.st.t„
.end
,stfllanore nuinetolllltotiti
Irsisitih '- Government. lii:kspittrible
40tosiMe to whom? Are we, or are the' Mem7
•
hairs of the French .GOVertiment ;to consider that `
1 w ithoutqlsadAtiiit in the nelg4so u ring provinces of Ar.
Term aid Catalitnia there are many discontented pei:.
, ...., .
itatiOn.,ito reduceds,oo,,,elnect, that the Gavertot i
A * 1
maul Censors should, consider "pt their dutito piltitie • leo.* rattily to join him.. 4 stetge sort of article ,A
I
Ar sow, tb
ilt.- expression of Istdittentfeottiatplehlis' Seitotegerd i the_ GetWee-rePetes tttftePte'tegilrese, oP. the Blurt
to foreign ikates'ai litiritirtlikir 'bwri,..a,itatlidisbleati Povernleent and the Shake of izasacat *ltisok
the imaginary conscrewert-stf what harreely-beew of theee.eettset!it'l49olkeitt, 0 Ow 10040'
• ite:statimil • . (,) • . . ,Ar 'ye: eisssialei.lio's; lv the- •
allotted to appeast ,(m-ia p . ISt Oet.or rather the i lion ...:,. • , isPc-- -- I,PerlNHlPefill
Gwerraecerpolfw.,64),rgloitair
eheNmiar,:
utrlkaes.
of, I
htet °con of
rtel S,pasioW
abstirsl4,y. i•-• •• . s,,•viQe ,
geitislo' it:iiisibelenriii.::::l(l:nr#l". Ihei:irinanndyo':!slitikitattii:•7.li; lio
Rather let it be- uiideillitliti.44 french Gorierrninint • and falsehood of that . statement_ whicil
would impute to 04 'British Generafti wish to restart
i-ti-. , • -
Censors, •if they look it all at: Ray, of theleAttirdell, 4,
must have a pleasure
si4 tie acrid ,p4atittlitit• such', the Incleititleffi' wed. "destroy nig littfittwi rit
, .. . .. .
knowing „tikkt ~ k is i',"4,doolte tr,• eh'', run thus:-4e.Already FEADINANWIiihes to retratti
poblitations, when tkety,,,,nrspicavemovitlsr. la ' Gto. • meat, must beeVicient. The Paritasiews from '
torment,
country to polite, its' enjoyment of . the ilignifieti tl a
,Itititrlsoned -Mein ;::,...have been offered thee
! privilege of free diseession , and for toi 'to talk of . li6"rtYt- hat they' : . , ,„., formal trial. -it
tbe'responsibliity rill* French Press, or its Gosiern.•ifilt.ell- Ii Pea ‘'.,_ : . , ... •. -' The Porn,. tart'
ment, for articles which do not Suit our tasfe, Si not fitness wss'ed ' ;.' *.. •
....; . his persecutors iff4
only absurd but arrogant and unjust in the extreme. '.-ba,otla at Fontai
._ -4 bas-lest much of his creak
No nation while independent, or aspiring-tOlOdeo sitioo' he has Pilitel.4'..iro-estiblksti-Sito sail
pendenre, can brook the idea of complete slavery, ' and persecute the Freadlaitint." ••-• . .:.,
,-or of sinking into insictificance ; and itietnreison. !
.•
_By another articiee larameht.br w,lfornbarglo
'.able. to expect the eastreirto 91. submission from a which arrived yesterdail'`,444l.iltiti,,:..that the, ~ in
*opts we are acknowledging independent: But we wegians begin to acquiescethe
Si. "reatilit Mb&
ortrtilpo
verily believe the Government of France is more union with Sweden, _bet:lose esti, te receivadA
, paiifieally inclined, end bettersMplayed, providieirAsolemo monomer,'" that IV-shittl hot'cOnsolidatiti SS
for her own safety, than in petty efforts to rekindte
[ '
• . -. principles justly imLieolifialeral ; that thereintemat
the flames of war.
arrangements4ol remain 'unaltered i laud that tbei
As to the stipulation which M. NEsszt,Roog and shall nocivree-own-dependent and conquered pi*
Prince T,tt.r.sYnana are'(retornmended)'to make. in
.ainceolltrkt isis'ittital member of a ;roiled klatt
regard to equalizing the naval force of Europe, .we•-,. 11.01114.`,•7The SAVO General of the toiled Netherlaail
think that just as practicable in practice, as •the .. ltros.'foineet at the- Hague an the 31st-inst.
Moderate wish of our getting ti4..-aritole french ,na.
. ' ' • •--6111"'1- . ,
lion bound over, hand anti fooqio•wer mercy.---Not' We have as yet no dispatches from Ametica''S.
!attain to the redostian of 'Plattsburgh, but no dos*
but that an equal balance Of, poly.y4viuld.:te as just .
upon sea as upon land, and perliapstai cOntlecive to. la eater.tained, 1,1. the fart' The advance of a pewit!
wlie-h
we; ,'
tut British force in. that quarter will facilitate an '
the general tranquillity ; but every 044
t Co radon of the campaign—the attack
Anow of history shows its bitpoisibi.lity, and every P"-'"! Pe . . 7 •
land,. upon Sackett's Harbour, with the whole Atia.,
,tiling pertaining to., the safety, Welfiei, And honour
aintedok‘ws dean fleet under CuAticea.,--The advice' wt f
Great Britain, with which we Sri
and
men
been received, mention; that three thous
rid,* impolicy of our surrendering our naval itreogtii
men from Bourdeaux were at Kingston under G
Ooperierity. Every line er in Europe most baiepereeiv
Kemp, to co-operate on the side of the Lake in
im,long ago the hopelessness of any effort 1.0 overcome
an enterprise. ~ifori
...
'the maritime strength of England. Our natural ad-
There is much. direflli of statement and oPiollt
vantages, as a naval power, meld themost numerous, '
in the American Paperill'heimpression at New TO,
and arguments to sho* how much our itolustry, skill,
is, that coprible men will soon come into poiteril
bravery, and internal wealth, combine to give us a
and that, " all hearts jteilig 'united," a vigorous'
preponderance on the ocean, might be extended to a
war,- or a 'speedy peace will ensue. Mr. Mt•
length as
.interminable as unnecessarvt.:: 00 com-
DIFWN'II conduct is defended in the National in.
merce, our existence, both as a State and as- indisi.
telkencer(the•Paper whoie Office was destroyed). it
duals, depend upon our maritime power. ' Let us
___ 1.-. 1.• na not_ lute It...._with, says, he was .fret only active during the engagetalt
wit iiii-tiFekSitti ce; bacsiageetii7exeriiiifillimselflar
i•two or three.days previously, and•has been person.
1 •
ailfOctisi ever since. It adtls the event of the cit.
;,. tote-ol 'Washington, though it is a stigma on the
i Aniiiican national character, and has been prollut'
I tive of considerable momentary loss,
Kill product
i no serious effeet either on. 'the Governntent 0041
community' in general. • The Batton fit4tets afire''
there is a moral certainty, of .fitther defeats; "esi4
that '20,000 British' treePs in,f, march wherever 01
will through the uoiladiettWa- - •

ation,and that it
to the whole Al

haughtiness--" it is glorious to have a giant's strength,
bat it is cowardly to uso it like wgiant." *his
however, was the naval power of linglalOwmplqed
in the work of piracy, or when so estPluiiiit did it
receive the support and approbation of Englishmen In
general ? The charge of pillaging neutral commerce ca n-
not, we trust, apply to the navy of Great Britain—it
would more aptly charr.cterise the depredations of
Oa Algeria, pirates. The act of pillage cannot be
juktty defended in
.any one : we have, therefore, no
~abjection to see it provided against. Lord CAsvLE-
- NEAGH cannot argue ire have a right to exercise our
power in the way of robbery ; but he must, if any
stipulation be insisted: upon, io regard to our mari-
time affairs, say, that to require us to surrender
any part ofibe power and dignity we derite from this
arm of streng4 would be as preposterous as to ex-
pect that a man who possesses. 104,0001. per annum
should voluntarily relinquish all the itsperiorityoit
gives him, and humble blmself to the level 'pf- the
commonalty, merely because that equality gay be
desirable to some of,his' neighbours. The naafi,
pillar of our greatness Cannot be toast away without
otteadoolag the nu of tieselahsloi it le.tlitsequid.

•
Dispatches are stated to have been received on*
turday from .Ghent, dated the lith instant.
contents hove not transpired ; but report states,
the last, instructions sent thither by our Mitt
were of so pacific a nature, as to iodoce a con
hope that the Negeciations would termluate
cessfelly.

•
The Secret Espeditiori sailed trom Cori I"
9th inst. It comprised the Swaim, 74, Shots
sloop, and six transports, withJirio-pif on beard,
York Chomiesti ars stated to.kiis sailed kola'
for South America.
