E ST

irrESM k N.

--,----, -1-.- -
We hope that the system of Ministers may havi a the Government is beldby the people; If, such to abandon it ?
happy result; but when we cast our eyes upon thei.. order w'as, hoiiiiiii," really conveyed to the the Princess of 11'
finances, with the evils of every kind with .which we rat who was te,hetiii execoted it, in what termsna, her departure n;!
are oppressed, we are compelled to fear for the fa.
.;..........„,-
fts our detettetion of a Government leapt in the e..timat
lure. The provinces.of the North are disturbed. In ^ cal"
issues chnunatills o( murder, anti Iron- coevel weighed the (Hill(
Gastile some malcontents have, set fire to the cOU-
_
Tents to which the Monks and Nuns were preparing afterwards disavows'them.' The Spanish Journals ry -ant her return? Doe,
to return. Others indulge in arbitrary excesses complain of the hostility of the British Press. In Jihe know; the weight of the British Court amonost
against persons merely suspected of having favoured this they bestow high praise. To make war upon some of the Continental States, and theseeeral inetli.
the Cortex. This capital is tranquil, but the cosi&
of royalty, to interdict any means._ 44
t! their' present Government is to make
.war on the racy of family` affection amongst the `partakers
dente anti national character friendly to fetes., and a :
certain liberty, no long'r appear. . i principles of ferocious cruelty and odious despotism,
. . 4
she may pod ure from officious enticipations sair
attainment ? Is she alive to the a
pi
It has adopted—principlest the entire over- 1
,_ Utltylw
It is said that kit Order 'of the Ministii* of War, I, 'OK
'carried at the same time to Valencia, Gediz, and ' throw of which would conduce, not only to the hap- 1t,....
'another provincial capital, invited a General Officer !pinfis.ocspain, but of the world. •
, •
,'I r „ '.perhaps erroneous conjectures of tins • wan Aii
_.;./1
to take the command of the troops, and depose from : • ---wm.- . the British Court.? Is she insensible to the ming; of ,
1 their functions Generals Elio, Villavicencio, and I We have received another set of French Papers' her best and surest protection, the lore 'Of jalice . ,
'O'Donnell, and have them shot upon the spot. The , . . .. , . r
. this morning, of one day's later date, from which the . and the.'clemestic sympathies of the English' peope-
Court was consulted upon the execution of this met- this
;from amongst whom she proposes to withdrew? Wet
lure, and we are assured that his Majesty has de- : following are extracts :
' clared that ho had no knowledge of it. his even,
,' Pants, JULY 47.—The Chamber of Peers sat i trust her Royal Highness will welt consider these
proposed to give a considerable sum to the 'person • yesterday, under the Presidency of the Chancellor. 1 things before she *ekes so dangerous a. step as to quit
1 who shall discover the authors of the sepposed i The Hereditary Prince 6f Orange is at Brussels. England. If she -should take this, stepi:insy.she en'me
order. Whatever truth may be in 'these 'reports, : The male inhabitants of Brussels are much at. in other climes a happiness and lettid in itigs:4,
they are sufficient to spread distrust and distressing
anxiety. . • . tacked to ; the Highlanders of Scotland, who have land have been denied her !, -
. .
I The English Journals make war upon us. They : for, some titne garrisoned that city. But, it is said,
i
make it upon our Ministry ; but the English do not that the female part, on hearing of their approach-
know, or perhaps tbby pretend not to know, that ing departure, have taken stepato delay it. •
at the present moment a change of Minister, would ,
; There is an Order from the •Wor Minister, pur-
jbe areal revolution in the State. - 'pitting to repair the financial-disorders of the late
1 Ilis Majesty continues to receiriiadresses of cos-
-

In addition or preparatoay to the Ministerial sp.
'pointalents which we noticed yesterday, we have this
' day to present' the following :
Lord •KEII6INCNON IS to be appointed a • Loql ot.
the Admiralty, in the room of Mr. W. DUMbI,..
What situation thit Pittssr:Gentleinou is to have, we
;do not yet know.
I; Lord GLENBURVIE, who resigns the Surveyorship
sof Woods and Forests to Mr. Ilustirtsos, is to hive
another thousand per ann. added to his existing
pension.
Mr. iusxrsson's present appointment has, it it
said, an eye to the ChancellerAip of the Exchequer:
Mr. CANNiNG was at the Levee on Thurcday, on
his new appointment
.and is, it is rumoured, to be
I decorated with the red ribband.

gratulation. ' , Administration, and to pay off the arrears dins ttt
We expect every moment the news of a treaty of the army. . •
peace with France. Catatonia has not been yet rer, i It is surmised that the Netherlands are dissatisfied,
covered from that state of war and alarm in which it i with their severation from an integral part of France;
has been ..these six years. The Couriers are not
mADItio, JULY 16.—Though this capital bears
respected there, and it is not yet prudentlci travel in -! a •
tranquil appearance, it is owing to constraint, and
that province.
Notwithstanding all these considerations, which troubles are at hand. The .king wishes to be all
could not escape the pehetration of our Ministers, powerful, but his pecuniary Gang-atlantic resources
It appears that our political pretensions display no fail him, and there is no .prospect of anything satis-
weakness. It is in some measure habitual to us to factory to the Spanish nation..
speak pompously ; we have retained the language of
the age of Charles V. and Philip 11. ; -and the mi-
raculous successes which we have obtained in the
late war have not contributed to make us modest.
You will see us at the Congress of Vienna, if it
takes place. Unfortunately we base now no navy,
and the mines of the Peninsula, relinquished since
the discovery of those of Anierica, and even before
that period, promise us no great resources ; but we
rely much on the talents and firmness of our Pleni-
potentiaries.

Lord.AseuDEEN goes to Vienna, to present the
Order of the -Garter to the Emperor
of AUSTRIA..--7
, Lord STEWART is to be permanent Ambassador at
that Court; whilst-Lord CASTLEIIIII,OII assuages the
Store weighty concerns of the Congress.
The letters from Liverpool received yeste4A
attention that about 3000 bags' of' cotton wool,a,gd
been purchased on Wednesday in the market wed. •
sauced prices, information having been receiveifrote
Ghent that the American Commissioners thee hid
acquainted Ministers at the. Court of Londe% pat It
was in vain to appoint Deputises(' meet theay Whey
•hati,fle atttrwitnt instructions to concludr'e_Aweite.
jundet the liew 'circumstances of.t.arope. A Gesio...
;Dian, howitserf who left Ghent as late as Vednesday,
positively, states that theßepublican Plenputentisries
were .waiting anxiously for the appearance of the
British Commissioners, and that thee( could be no.
:foundation whatever for such a story.
A person from Virginia has given us some part.
culars Of the operations in the Chesapeake, during
which atuber of blacks were withdrawn from the •
States of reginia and Maryland. As the first the
enterpriae';wse attended with 2,......lmccesst_fibo 4
der xi

This day the PRINCE REGENT goes with the usual
state to the House of Lords, to close the Session:Of
Parliament, with a Speech from the Throne, which
we shall insert if we can • procure it in time. This
general tone Of the apeech will no doubt be one a
high exultation. The transactions which have ter-
minated the most sanguinary and exhausting contest
ever perhaps carried on in Europe, are themes
of joy on which his Royal Highness may dilate, se--
owns of the responsive emotions of every heart.
There are, howevery-other topics connected with the
interests of the state, in speaking of which the Rs-
' GMT must either ad* the language of regret, or
incur the certainty of being quite singular in his ex,.
Dressions. The ground given up needlessly by our.
N.gociator, oh the important and interesting subject
of the Slave-Trade—the anivertai expression of disap-
• probation by which this spiritless, and yet cruel, sur.
redder has been foltowad—the duty imposed upon
SteSernoraineffitWitp4•lo4l,4ml4-gaeafni ....io•-ef the
hpaidth to recover et all hazards its honour, which*
Leitteamettcsost -bat exposed to soch imminent
danger, form alSoguther a subject of Royal commu.
nication„ in whichithe tone of lamentation and ail.
pleasure will alone be suitable or popular. The
universal stagnation if our manufactures and com-
merce, and the difficulties with which they will
have to contend against the less burdened industry
of our Continental neighbours is 'another natural
subject of condolement. It was expected by that
part of the public which gives implicit credit to the
representations of Ministers' and their adherents,
that immediately on the return of peace England
would reap the most important advantages from the
long struggles in which she had been engaged. We
were told, that whenever hostilities should 'cease,
the commerce of the world would be ours—that
the Continental States immersed in war, and
fully occupied in its destructive avocations, were
going backwards towards barbarity, and would be
less than ever a match for us in the arts and employ-
ments of peace—that we alone should have to furnish,
to the wants and the luxuries of all nations their op.
propriate supplies—and that the whole wealth of the
earth would flow in ton thousand streams into Our
coffers. This was the prospect to which we were bid
to look forwati, this was the consolation afforded
Lis under the preasnre and privations to which we'
were exposed during the war. Our enemies were
ruink themselves fr and it requiied )thing

Mr. Lerma. having been requested by some friends to explain
the nature of the different Libels for which he has been so se-
verely punished, he begs leave to lay the following statement
before the public :
The first Prosecution was for publishing a statement of the riots
in Piccadilly, at the time Sir FRANCIS BUILDS'Sr was com-
mittal to the Tower. This account was copied verborins
from a Morning Paper, and foi which be was sentenced to
One Year's Imprisonment.
The second Prosecution was for publishing an Advertisement
which had preview* appeared in two Manchester Papers,
charging the Commissionen of Taxes ii Salford with Severity
in the collection of theoti For this4fmce, he was sentenced
to One Year's tesipvisdeonessii 7'h14,11 Manchester lEcHtert ,
were also prosecuted for elie Avis 0111*te, tid suffered jodg-
mem by default, but tar punisAasenf iseinfinded sw Mein
The third Prosecution was kw publish* a Letter., charging the
Commissioners of the Transport Board with micron:leo to-
wards the French Prisoners. This Lotter jid been ioadver-
testily inserted in the Sramireataw(pnd esfry concession was
made, of a public and private oatnee. its the Board of Com-
missioners. The sentence was Eighteen Months imprison-
went, to pay a fine of 5001., and-1101 two sureties in the sum
• of 5001. each, and himself to 10001. for the space of three
years.
The Term of his Imprisonment, for TIMES YEARS ands I
HALF, expired on the e7th of May last.
Newgitte, July 30, WIC •

tbantitrettehibtsiorsi-arctve—cornitrifeentettt of the Q.
fair, and in the whole upwards of 600, who hod
reached Bermuda. But it is also true, that in thg,
segue! there was some disappointment. frere'ear ar.
tifice employed by the Americans. A large pot; ' •
of militia in the neighbourhood blacked then
~ •
and put on the Negro habit, when, proceeding
shores, they hailed the British shipping, from wh
number of boats, with their crews dismissed id
hope of receiving a large stock of Negro tnaltne.
tents. As soon es the sailors had landed, thesniliiit
produced their arms, the men from the .shipping were
made prisoners, and all the boats' were captured.—T
Since 'this expedient was adopted by the Repaltii•
cans, we 'believe that no 'further attempt has bri
made to cairiy off thediMatisfied Slaves in those-pro-
vinces. ' _
Mr. SADLER, JUT). and Miss THOMPSON, who ac-
companied him in his aerial: eight, returned to town
this day between one and two o'clock. They
alighted*yesterday, after a voyage of '26 minutes, is
perfect safety, at Coggeshall,, in Essex, a distance of
44 miles from town. , • -: •
~... _.
The auperintendanee and inteMpt: regulation of
St. James's Park is under the solb4reetion of Majoi
BYE, who is indefatigable in his etteedance, early
and late, for the arrangements 'to be made for the
accommodation of the Public, and those who sub.
scribe for their admission tickets, for the benefit of
the widows and orphaps'of tbose,who have fallen. ia
this war • so muchtas 1001. has been offered by a
wealthy, family, -for allying barrack, but which the
Major refused, in favotir of a tavern keeper, for tits
accommodation of the public.. • ,
A Circular Letter'hai been addressed, to all tEer
Offices antler Gevernmeet, directing that Monday
next aakt isiatere as akd
**, . ,r.:
in caat4 piape: e Airogtici
poilieta;i4i
LorerG -

--
Arr. • Matti.' Due
1
Gattenharo 1 4
1.16b0n ....!

. _
'
lATURDAT, 'JUL' w 11.14.

Paris Papers have arrived ip the 27th inst. The
most remarkable part of theirs *intents is a letter
from the Spanish ATbassador st Paris to the Editor
of a Paris Journal, in which hie Excellence takes
great pains is, •
the present
In Europe,
kilo. are •
beesador
opt' inn
iiiilleved,

*pie capable,
ik disappointmfn,
lice between
enthuse
or the proudest
telligence -
Lion to
stated to ,
some Convents,
preparil
dignant
—these

just obj.
whilst yet
easiness
a report
.4004.atsd. ?'"
disavowed
Propriety
Bar

• Ist,,
7 .
tick an Royal Higkesei+String tier t
Gene- occurred to tiiiiiiilection of t
mrcans that, in existing circumstances
whiCh ihst tOr of it.banishment, at le
mience;tiireigners? Has site wt
)urnals that may impede or preve

461/44
V
3. "avot
t re.
icultieg

. -
sins to persuade the world that Spain is, at 1, ruining themselves for ever, and it. required nothing I:We'i.4.:474,4o;iitie-e•ed----a,-x-; -4-9-.-i-i-d-a--y-7
except iii,e4-
r 4
sent moment, one of the Most quiet countries '. but perseverance on our parte, ••pv the mighty
"ft 110 ‘lse.f.wtiere the.,brottici, Of public. business liill .
Dpe , and that all the viral 'of commotions, tverlastingfoundation of ouroviltiripeotnes.s. Ilow,littoti, eeioWs..‘ siea-tieitif;r-er . . .
a utterly void of foindattribe Surely the Am. these golden expeetakionsbetti'optsoattecilltfinki I Le" ItArtiLLE Lovelorn Gosieti is to be creale4
sr does not think to ex 'character of Ms figa that instead of going*iieitylvirdt In the arts and , a Vitcoant ; and Lord Bouskonorn an Earl.
..mi
by this statement! la 7 iimertion as it is avocations of peace,- in manufacturing or agricul- !
The Duke and Duchess of. Ittcustol. co and Filll.
i The mwill shortly leave. tewn. for tel:ance., ;.
d, the contempt of mankind mot fall upon a tural skill, our enemies have been making the most .. iiarqu !
is and. Marchionisi Of DONEGO Is.
capable of enduring, withbut a struggle, ao. fatal rapid advances, that theyAreevertakerv; or ttitoji.,
. expected in town io - a.. feyrditys .from their se st,111: . A
ppointmentl—a people itiOoeible to the differ: '-overtaken us ; and tiustfilthey are still in thosere.: . ,
itween slavery and freedom, and regardless of 'meets our inferiors, their inferiority is more than I A gentleman viewing soma of-the strange builaings
Ireland.
le blessings which conatitepe tie most eager aim, compensated by the comparative lightness of thel‘orL the Canal, asked one of the workmen what Order 't.
? the man Innocenti . replied,
proudest boast of evert lilted nation. The in. taxation, and the consequent cheapness of all the IhheteGium" were
of
• '1
Ice of the Madrid Pap* bilisroter, in opposi.. necessaries of life. We find ourselves in the greatest
11114 they were the posdive order of Mr. \ ASII.
the Ambassidoes as : ;-111sterbances are danger of being totally excluded from that vast On Thursday, after the Levee .the'svedic poono
MAX Mr. SIGLEM, and Mr. Jon','
PARISIt. DePnLit/
to prevail in tit OfSpafp, and'at Castile market' on the Continent, where we had pleased frernilamburgit, .w' ere iotetxliscod to the eatilcileY
;onvents„ to which the Mtinki and Niue were ourselves with the idea of being almost the only Lord .CASTLEREAeII ; they delleetetriheli-erodev:, 1..
ing to return, had keen, pet .fire to by. the in. sellers. Instead of being every thing, we are likesatlols, and were most graciously received. .
~_
It people. ' These . - Wes of nerveless sloth 'ly to become nothing.--Undoubtedly the Reietr- -,Lord CocuitAxe passed the earliest part- or nu
~ . • • •-•. lite at Antisfield, near Ilaimilton, - the estate of hil
e monuments of st'! , superstition, are the Speech, if it cannot console us for this seisi**s. theisdra.&_
Aar.. •
objects of popular '
.) ', lis destroy Sheik, appointment, Will, at least, condole with us Inv. D"-s. ....__ A a
yet untenanted, is a • .
...., Great utir der it. •
t ... .
~ !
ihiniiviloalziewwwwottiosir;iterrwss.--cturghetioawryitiot ffaessnauueirtin.a.4
le bad been excit • .
„,
tort that Generals . ..' t . efitikkilceireto9. of the lI,EGEwes speech or not, is of the s, .ebse.....:Ferilekers'ell id Nimble life, and it appeared • ...1.: -I.
j'Doitnetz, had iiwies• . :' .14 - and or. est .to-the riatitiO we mean the reported' .: ; .. .•'-' _de 1310041ifiix Nid been'ioiited by the d"A'"' er .'
I
to: -ale' lthin. • ' 1,111 *l' liit to have the Ptiiiiess of WALIW to reside fora, 11 urripan ' '.-- . • • - •
...:i. :..i-`
wed the order, en • ' -;. oak 100 to the country. •If Parliament had continiett -('. 3:
co 0
yaitz ral..! . if, o.-
ety of exec.*/ .if,t ''; eilery, If It be elea. thi!' intention WM . otficielly gooootioet, r.
. * 7. ::'
fie - ' . Adiiitoiltesitthe Ptridls',t*ti 7ofrasenerptiii
/::.lekere .the,offeoce was perpet 1
onfountillViilitilli• 40144“ I* 'which *bald havi'bkin'ttrought utveitirr4i7ittdiiiiiiitte sisks4k: Ili ITU. rintittaid iior4iiiithei esimii'cui°'.. '
.... . • • - ! • -.-•" ~ • : , . ' ..,..f.:.
. .
. , • . ~ •
.•• , •
~..f. t .%:*,•-a ...-. , *. .• ...
. ~• , ~. - ' - ,?,
srmiothr.ewshiiilicchkh4: :tio4nter.l
•
• - - ... - . - . '''Y
7 . s'
.1 '' 1—
:" '''''''‘f!':: -
