The Greeks, though gradually gaining ground wine
their savage tyrants, are. still occasionally and too often
In the course, of their arduous struggle, exposed to
the revenged, their relentless enemies. A foreign
mail of yesterday informs us that a vessel with its
crew, soi posed to have bete Greek, on being captured
by a Tunisian Corvette and carried into a port near
Smyrna, the crew were ordered to be the next day be-
beaded; but the French Consular Agent 'having beat
apprised that there was reason to believe the vessel
and crew to be lonian, got the order for the execution
suspended ; and the vessel proving to be an lonian, be
obtained its release. This is one among very numerous
instances, where the officers of the French Government
ststioard in the Levant have interposed to save the lives
of devoted Greeks from the destruction that was awaiting
them. It Was once the boast of Britons, that English-
men 'toad foremost in every kind of generous deeds, and
that they were in a peculiar manner the patrons and pro'
teeters of nations straggling for the recovery of liberty'
we individuals struggling with distress. For a long timo
those who sympathised wit.: the noble achievements, and
itspfltsesfferings of theGrecke, frit surprise and sorrow
,
e
41id1i;t40744,ti wirr had been abandoned by the Power
:2." conraged* them to assert their independence,
wen ecniutenanced by Government that pro-
s_
to -be the friend of freedom. It was felt by
tianal reproach, that while the Greeks
veil,' staking eucls akonishlng efforts against so
• Ifiritisliable and dreadful a power as was arrayed
no attem?t was made collectively
in this favoured land of ones, to afford

k •

I 1

4 1
• :

111

_ ..
their temples, for the very existence of their altars and
their homes. The alterwative now is, not only whether
the Cross or the Crescent shall be triumphant, not merely
whether Christianity shall with all its present professors
be extirpated front one of the most interesting countries
is the world; but whethel the blood of numerous than-
r• sands of innocent brings shall be sacrificed to the yes-
" geance of the cruelest of men, and civilization and ha-
: inanity, and every thing that is dear to feeling or ea.
lightened minds, give place and triumph to the most
' barbarSas of superstitions that ever enslaved mankind.
—.....-
2.. '.,. Frankfort papers have arrived this morning, the ask
of which relate solely to Turkey and Greece. The
article worth iasertiog from them is the follow-
, . tog
~_.,,' •
Cosircasyrtxof Le, APRIL 10.—It is generally asserted
:'lire that the tirecks will not negotiate with the Porte,
~*liept on the basic of their entire indepentlettce. Lord
Zc",.. Oford appears to endeavour to effect an arrange-
..l ' The negociationr with Persia are not near a con.
ga
n." The Porte is said even to have declined the
.4
tilletliation of Lord. Strongford. The new Firma°
lflefin g the trade of the Blink Sea, is very dis-
Idto the Franks, as it is nearly equivalent to
the passage of the Dardanelles, and is likely
.2:ietirreat hindrance to the commerce of all foreign

Paris pipers to the,lBth, have come to hand, bet bring
wiling in an authentic shape, to allay the anxiety that
h, Prevails respecting the positions of Moncey sod Mina.
Thy state, Indeed, that accounts had been received from
Byrom, dated May 11th, merely saying, " that nothing
tow had occurred ; that Baron d'Eroles having the same
aequistance with the mountains, and soldiers of the same
inittiptlon, as kilns, was in pursuit of the Constitutional
Chief, and that the other corps were beginning their move-
writs In invest Barcelona and take up their position on the
Ebro." How these accounts have come, is not stated. By
wee personxthey are supposed to have come from Moncey
himself; and the idea of their coming from him cithout be-
lie acknowledged as such, occasions many reflections.—
Whilst reports of military digesters prevail in Paris, it
idght have been expected thatthe Gosernment would not have
lases need that Baron d'Eroles was the only General who pur-
wed Mins; Haley could have better satisfied the public. The
Qulidienne renews its attempts, to make it appear that
Ilies's movement is nue of necessity, and that the manceti r-
yes et the French have prevented him from effecting his
salon with Milan. and Llobers, which, it asserts, he was
most desirous to execute. Now the fact is, if we are to
eredit the statements of former French official bulletins, that
Mins bad suomplished Ms junction with those Command-
ers, sad that their united forces maintained themselves in a
"rug poeitlo* before Vl*. until Moncey had turned their
richt he erossing the Ter. and occupying Gerona. They
hert fell bark together, and the enemy boasted that Mina was
ng without waiting to hear a cannon fired. It was then

TIM

only that this enterprising Chief voluntarily s.sl tad
from his companions, left them to retire slowly toutards,
' Rare-lona, and whilst the French imagined that he was
carrying on the van of retreat, turned them by a s%Utel
maneuver., and darting behind them towards Fromm, Tow,.
palled them, to retries their steps, and exhaust tbessatilves
in useless marches, to surround him or to arrest Iris
coarse. We kayq already seen from the silence of the
French papers, tbat all these attempts have (ailed: private
letters from Paris, dated last Saturday evening, are More
explicit. They not only confirm, but detail the adran.
tages ehich lie was reported to have gained; add con 6.
dently state, that, having, made a forced march of ten
leagues in one day, he had fallen upon the division of,
Roinagose, stationed at Ripoll, consisting of about three
thousand men, and had cut it to pieces. They add,
that he had afterwards turned round to encounter Eroles,
had beaten him too, and taken from hint one thousand
prisoners. Meanwhile it appears certain, both by the
admilsions in the Journals, and the accounts given In
private letters, that great dissatisfaction prevailed amongst
the troops of the Faith, and that the siege of Sanwa,
which had been entrusted to Quesada, had been raised le
consequence of the self-disbandment of his soldiers, 4tie
wished to indulge freely in plan ler, and three of whole
he had caused to be shot in order to inspire terror lit,
the rest.

Fasmcn FUNDS, May.l6.—Five per cent. opened st
87f. 15c.; doted, 87. 501 Honk Stock, 15S0f. 1575 f.—
Neapolitan Five per Cent. 711} ; Renton of SPIP4I4 406.--
Exchange on London, 25. 75. ;—ditto, three months,
251.

STOCK Ego' mix, Twscvs o'CLcieit —The Stock
&ohmage and Foreign Market are open, but up to this
hour very little business is doing. Consols opened At
7si to 79, at which price they remain steady, *Ala
:are are no fresh prices of Stelk

dart,

opeoed at 361 to 4, lowered to 314 j
that one of our first rate Papers Ins
'aria.
ipanlsh..
90—Coloml

rate letter

here that the
assemble the
Ferdinand of '
s►me month.
al war I
. from their..
Debalc choose
- Oudinot, Sr
irehlait on
treat them
affairsdo
for, and

ttoalr's sotior
the repeal of
Commons tO-111,
discussed at

tireti in
rokiktagr
min that
si 'inc.

. th,
. capital;
Codaloila

A In
lasteros.
-• wait

f these
'tering

_ -As petitions are pouring into the
dement from all parts at the kiegdoin, on
ly not be uninteresting to give some
on at issue :—Coals brought or carried
.o port of London, pay a duty of 7.. 6d
per ton, or 9s. 41. the chaldroo, Winchester measure-
Into any other port in England, 4s. per ton, or tie. per
chaldron. into any port within the principality of.
Wales, 9d. per ton, or ls. per chaldron. The duties pro-
duced thereby were in 1820, 1026,733/, in 1821,
960,0361.4 and in 1822, 937,943/. The amounts of duties
on exports were, for 1821, 49,8511., and for 1822, 51,8241.
These amounts are taken from the Parliamentary Re.
turns, No. 299, printed a few days since. The applice-'
tion of the duties is not mentioned in the Returns.
It has been stated in some of the papers, that the Mar.
quest of Hastings is going as Ambassador to the Neapo-
litan Court ; but this statement, as well as that of his
Lordship being destined Cur the lonian Isles, is incorrect.
His Lordship is going to Genoa, while his amiable Mar-
chioness and family return to England —(4lforming Post.)
The following was this morning posted at Lloyd's :
Extract of a letter from Brest, dated May 18.—" 1 arrived
here this day to the French frigate Cleopatra, from Bahia to
N days. When I left, the siege of that city was still con-
laced by the Brazilians, under the command of General
Isdlitat, and its defence by the Portuguese, soder General
Madeira. A Brazilian squadron had sailed from Rio Janei-
ro, and a Portuguese one from Bahia, and both were in the
neighbourhood of the latter place. Fresh provisions of
every kind were very dear at Bahia, which, added to the
stagnation of trade, was producing great misery and wait
among the lower classes of society.
DRURT-LANE THEATRICAL FUND.-011 Saturday the
Anniversary of this Charity was celebrated at the Free-
Tavern. in a very splendid manner. All the
galleries of the Hall, in which the company, to the num-
ber of 270 dined, were crowded with Ladies in full dress.
In the absence of the Duke of York, who had been ad-
vised by his Physicians to abstain for some time from
convivialities, the Marquis of Hertford was in the Chair.
The colleition amounted to more than 11001.

Tax Aawv.—The 9th Regiment of Light Dragoons (Lan-
cers) has received orders to embark at Bristol and Bideford,
between the 2 titi and Sloth Instant, for Ireland, for the pur-
pose of relieving the 7th Ha . The 7th (or the Qualm's
Own) Light Dragoon Raisers Is ordered, on being relieved
by the 9th Lancers, to England, to do duty at Brinton and
Chichester. The 14th (or Duchess of York's Own) Regi-
ment of Light Dragoons, now stationed at Coventry and
Birmingham, is ordered to replace the 9th Regiment of Lan-
cers, at Radipole. The 14 division of the 12th Regiment of
Foot, which embarked at Jersey on the Bth instant, on board
the Cato and Zephyr transports, disembarked the 14th inst.
at Sheerness. The 9d division of the 72d Regiment of In-
fantry which embarked at Woolwich, on the 3d instant, on
board the Loyal Briton transport for Guernsey, remained
wind-bound In the Downs on the Ifith instant. The Ist di-
vision of the 10th Regiment of Foot, now stationed at
Sheerness, will embank on board the Cato and Zephyr trans-
ports, for Ireland, for the purpose a rrlieving the Ist dill
sion of the bid Light Infantry, which is ordered to Halifax.
The ed division of the 10th Regiment of Infantry, now at
sheeteetm will, on being relieved by the 2tl division of the
itth Foot, hoe Guernsey, proceed to Ireland, in order to
replace the 2d division of the 32d (Oxfordshire) Light Is-'
fantry, which is ordered to Newfoundland.
Duatag, Mar 13.—The funeral of Dr. Trny com-
menced passing our office at a few minutes before tam,
and continue/ for about an WO. Several thous*
mourners, with scarfs and bands, passed on foot, an/ is
the rear of the procession there were 120 carriages. The
crowd accompanying the procession was siumenur.—
(Duban Journal.)

= ...i.-

-

r

FRANCE.
azittitT OP A LeTTSR PROM PARIS, MAY 17.
To-day judgment was given by the Court of Correc-
lioiril Police, in the use of M. Kachlin, the Deputy,
who was prosecuted for a pamphlet published last sum-
mer, giving an account of the transactions in Colmar,
which ended io the arrest of Colonel Caron. The ho-
nourable deputy has since written an additional memoir,
containing proofs of his former statement. lie offered at
the tribune Of the Chamber of Deputies to bring 2,000
Iwitnesses to establish urn oath the truth of his allego-
dons against the civil and military authorities of the de-
pertinent', provided a Committee were appointed to con-
duct the enquiry, and receive their depositiont. He
made the same oiler to the Conn of Correctional Po-
lice, where his trial came bn, after six cases of fraud and
petty larceny, and where he was placed on the same
bench with the vilest of mankind. No doubt can exist
in the mini of anrreasonable person that all the facts of
the pamphlet are correctly given, and rather und-rstatea
than exaggerated.. The Court has co-demed M. licech-
lin to six months imprisonment, and a fine of 3000 francs.
The Honourable Member was accompanied by a great
number of his colleagues of the left side. When they re-
tired from the .Court, in the passage they were saluted
with great enthusiasm. A crowd cellected to learn the
result of the trial. The gendarmes ordered the doors to
be shutagainst the entrance of any additional numbers,
and then cleared the pasea4es. Noluitlent happened.
M. Chappe, director of the Telegraph, the son of tl e
inventor, has been disploced because he refused to siert)
his name to some despatches which were intended to be I
published, but which were not transmitted in the form
which it pleased the Ministry they should assume., You
may judge by this what reliance on be pl teed on other
intelligence communicated by the Goverment where
they have no person to cheek them.
No nea s either from that part of the army which she :Ad
be so active in Cotalonia, or that part of it which is pro-
ceeding on Madrid, has to-•lay transpired. The Alibis.
try receive a courier every morning, but since the late
affoir of M. de Villele and the Bourse, the President of
the Couneil is not disposed to hazard military specula-
tions. Mina has defeated all their calculations.

Ts:iL

Yesterday a letter was received from the neighbonr-
hood of St. Sebastian, dated the 9th inst. The French
having found it necessary to give farther protection to
the communications along the great road from Iran to
Vittoria, had for the purpose withdrawn part of the
force employed iu the blockade of St. Sebastian. On the
night of the Bth the garrison made a sortie, repulsed the
besiegers find took some prisoners. Several new leaders
of cotistitetiooal guerillas have begun to distinguish
themselves in this part of Spain: Mendoza, formerly the
Aide-de-Camp Porlier, is one of these commanders.—
Colonel Pablo, otherwise named Chapalangara, is another.
He makes excursions along the road which leads from
Pamplona to Vittoria, by the way of Salvatierra. On'
of the sons of the Conde de Espelette, formerly Vice-
roy of Navarre, has, also put hicutelf at the Lead of a
guerillas.
Bread with the French army in Spain costs as much
as 12 aesu (sispence) per pound. The extravagant
price is widely to be ascribed to the enormous cost of
transport.
VI eNN A, May 3.—lt is affirmed that his Majesty. the
Emperor, on the repeated representations of the Minister
of Finance, has determined un a still farther and consi-
derable reduction of the arniv,bv which the hopes of peace
are of coarse comfit-med. lfis Majesty is said likewise to
have ordered that candidates fur public offices moat
the first six years without a salary,and prove that they are
able to a themselves for that lime.
A'-ijq ireps.4l6• eaPitotoarsesis lava that the
Sitapioessiost to oaa of the last numbers of Abe Kosiebcrg
essetteMsisleiso, os the wild-woe
_great emmosiaaion-
home. a notification for sale of upwards of lOU d welling-
boas-s, excAnsive of nearly 60 estates, the property of
Noilemen..—" Thus it is; adds the le ter alloded to,
" every one is ignitions to sell; few, however, are disposed
to huy;aisal these who are inclined will give only very low
prices. tiod mead the times!"
A letter, dated Marseilles, the 6th inst., says, according
to accounts recently received from Tunis, the Hey had
given orders for two Ambassadors to embark imme-
diately—the one for London, and the other for Copeo-
haven.
The Joon& des Delves of Friday contains the follow-
ing paragraph :—" betters from Constantinople, by the
way of Bucharest. announce that some commercial houses
had received intelligence that a coalition has been formed
between the Mabrattas and several Sovereigns of I adman,
and that this coalition had, after the departure of Lord
Hastings, declared war against th• English. According
to the saute letters, the English had, in order to defend
thembelees, withdrawn the garrisons from their posts on
the Persian gulf. If this news be true, and if the army
of the coalition be as numerous as the letters represent it,
the event will be extremely important; but it is well
koown that the newsmongers of the Levant are much to-
to be distrusted."

• itAltrIfiRDAM MAT I4.—The Society Artie Salutiferic
met to day to celebrate the anniver'ary of the discovery
of Vaccination, by the immortal Jenner. M. Van der
Breggen, President of the Society, made an animated
address, in which he did merited justice to the illustrious
deceased, whose ,bust, covered with a veil, stood before
him. In the middle of his discourse be took off the
veil, and placed on the bust the civic crown.
CU AAAAA or Cowls s ace—We have In the following let-
ter, from one of our Representatives (says the Bristol Mer-
cury), a practical illustration of the utility of this Institu-
tion, and of the effect it may have on the future commercial
prosperity °take city, from . the facilities it affords to com-
munications of public nature affecting the interests of the
community, and which would not, perhaps ought not, be
made for thallvidual advantage. When the benefits it is cal-
culated became better known, we are convinced that the pa-
tramp it has hitherto received from our (elk us-citizens,
which Is very favourable, wid become general :
House of Commons May W, ISA
Dear Sir, 6 o'clock. •
I beg to Inform you fbat Mr. Duskisson has this evening
withdrawn from the new Registry Bill all the clauses that
respect this Improved mode of taking the tonnage of vessels.
That question is therefore set at rest for the present. I
have had a Satisfactory conversation with him at the Board
of Trade on the other objections which you lately traastait-
ted to me, and I think that you will be satisfied art& the al-
terations that have been agreed up:m. I have ordered the
Bill, when printed, to be transmitted to you for the informa-
tion of the Committee. I write in haste, and am,
Dear Sir, your faithful and obliged Servant.
To ADRIAN MOANS, Esq. R. 11. DAVIS.
Chairman of the Sub-committee.
_ . _

CARLISLE, MAT It .—The weather for the first three
days of the present week, was extremely wet sod bois-
terous, and had more resemblance to the beginning of
Janney than to the second week in May. Since Wed-
nesday a great quantity of rain has fallen, but the air
continues unusually cold and piercing, the wind general.
ly blotting from the north-west. Indeed the prevalence
Of nertheely winds for several weeks past, has so great
ly checked productions of the earth, that with the
exception of wheat, a plant of great hardiness, there is
little appearance of vegetation snore than is usually seen
in March. In many 'parts of the country, though the
state of the atmosphere bat not been so unfavourable as
to suspend the progress of farm labour, yet the fields
and beiges, and more particularly the gardens, exisibit
every appearance of a very backward seasan. But
should warm weather now ensue, attended with refresh-
lag showers, any cheek which the corn crops may have
sustained, will soon be overcome, and a harvest may be
reasonably expected equally abundant as when favored
ttith a much milder spring.—(Carlisle Journal.)

t.:,-- • .
't* ti em, no attemlt was made collectively Exchange and Foreign Market are open, but up to this
'...- Ulna' ' ' • hour very little business is doing. Consols opened At
''A ify lad tints in this favoured land of our., to afford
7n to 79, at which price they remain steady, *Ala
1:Irs of that assistance which the policy heavy market. T.:are are no fresh prices of Stertk
, :;. . tit %Vint prevented it from granting. At to-day.
liligklsr the character of our country bas been Spanish Bonds opened at 361 to 1, lowered to 35f1
• it. ••- reistgom meeting that was held in the metro- 36. It is reported that one of our first rate Papers bee
,* ' p% la ,in favour of the Greeks. will, we trust
' 'jaw!: eitalso fall amends for the backwardness that sia, 7014.-Danish,beenview
Spanish.
90—Colombia, 6134.—NespelOst, 74
'': 1R44 kidierici litliihilad. It is impossible to read of thole toExi
. . l.
tract of a private letter from Paris, dated Saterday
-, otirrlios., IP trishilhis leave alluded, and the oppressions night :
•...• shit vatted them /forth, as they were depicted in the "It is asserted here that the moment our army arrive at
' Vglsi n el neoCe of II illicintosh, and a Hobbouse a
•‘:,a
~ 8 U4l 4 •
Itot Madrid, they will assemble the Antient Cartes, conformable
' to the decree of Ferdinand of March 1820, anterior to the
andillelliel
- ''ll and 6 U lthant a feeling of horror at revolution of the same month. If this event take plane, It
..• • e "itl tfm4dkave Altai!, and ofadmiration at their i may cause a general war in Enrope,, We are entirety in
..
' t le dark as to news from the army, except what Tke Moldiest!.
""..' ' meibitole stnriggles to release themselves from the and Journal des Alma*. choose to give as. It Is certain Met
c . • "Of tbiii /gloomy, sad merciless tyrants. The the first corps under thulium, and the with thi Bete
-., .. • • . eWasaik they aid making, at a Period when d'Angouleme, are marching on Madrid, and there is not die
. -i. . . •
coma-least obstacle to prevent them tram entering that capihtlt
-...- ki ewataps kit their suspicious friends but (*the other side affairs do not goons* well In CataloOla
-••• •- ' theta ' 'Meek in abject servility and selfishness, as could be wished for, and It is certain that Mina has gut.,
. • ' • rang' . test pages of the history of their generated his antagonists. Even at Gerona, by the last ac-
. counts, Marshal Moncey did not know what direction Mina
• 4. .
,• • • t s apathy to which a slavery bad taken. Other information states he was marching In
1 4 44- . * • • . to have consigned them, they advance of Molitor. to Tons a junction with Sallasteros.
i: -",-- we
," '''' .•
Chains over the Leads of their tyrants. To be rightly informed of Mina's movements, we must wait
- • - ',' - • .• •, • • .
1,, • It , ... • is net yet secured. They have ...r..—...r..........
L 'lrtc . Atte etleeprrate effort of their +iodic- Yesterday the king received a visit from the Doke of
we - , •-•, .• e lessened of most extensive Clarence.
. We are extremely happy to say Lis Majesty
•••:, . , • •
..„..44
. rest revenge. Now, there. is going en very well.—(Court Circular.)
On Saturday morning, at five &clock, his Excellency
1,•••• • 1 . tins the fie of Freedom, of Religion, Sir Henry Wellesley and his lady left town, and em
-* f *.ty li,,stap fo •In their behalf. An barked oo board the Lord listlill. steam pacitet„ at We
: li t . .4, ', . c
~ rear,'
• yltiorttairit Dal" : ,pit ' . one who pea- Tarer stairs. for Calphs. • The state egeetitges Wen
) kink*•' af
11 . - • . a ierieswenn miter,. re akin** of the_ promos week. . Ste 1144040,Eer - Ledy
, based p ..to-Pep‘or • eleimaia.
their, eisa.jaid. The considerations t a fore dor, „‘„,- oft...opt, to orweed to nne,_,
' • .Peenet Inn Poweald that can be wail wow Mirr-ihmeilessereeek leave of his Majesty it : a Private
eared. -To such as beet hies blessed with a liberal audience.
, education
and with nand jinn.; the appeal is made in Sir J. Mackintoshes motion on the criminal laws, and
I fa
• Mr. Sy key's for the repeal of the candle tat, cam* wn is
. eGar of a.cauntry from Which the elegancies of their the Hones of Commons to-morrow. The second of these
literature originally emanated. and to which every mild will probably be discussed at the usual hear foe entering
sated mind must la• attached by numerous and engaging npoh the public business.
• and call COAL Dovtxs.—As petitions
.are pouring into the
i classical associations. To tl*ise who profess
Houses of Parliament from all parts of the kingdom, en
,-,. • . .abemselvas Chrietiaes,h premoted the interesting specta-
this subject, it may not be uninteresting to give some
fleet' a cation of Christiana, surrounded by the cruelest idea of the question at issue :—Coals brought or carried
enemies of their kith, and fighting on the threshold of coastwise into the port of London, pay a duty of 7e. 6d
- . .. • .. s .... 1,-.. mi. qt_ 4•l_ the elislarno_ Winchester esessure•
- • -
