•flee
Irak fc

angel roar ; but which, &Olathe construction of do.
•
piece, it was not rottible to explain to her'
MAJESTY:
She enjoyed great influence when Lord Brats
liketkihbit attdwhtd rewderred iissa,asta„veruipiLt the

gre-•. q!ec,~.Ws ism aey e• .1J VS. av 411.11.!r• a••
lott4iked the People of England as a freitfel
--.01 wee emlitiffed4aith anterelirgar.o IS.

domestic win
1 opposition s, _
____ _
iliiiam op bet "Mild, tehderitee4 enassomie,
i flues,"
- ' •
~
' iit iiettgeh :blilrttei4 Ad peyeleet'er)lof he otillei
44dIti:to the amount of abbot 30,0001 , .begets to
'tesliva•sospicien that the Qutaw had_influence, sod
would occasionally employ it : nay, it wis conceived
it the fatroi Susrot.s. Wes appointed to the office
:. •tiecretery of State, on his engaging
tamsoise the
P ha missed affairs of his Serene Ifighsepithr Prince
;f..Statts.t.ta; - It was believed thet „Iseep,fidrwton
enteee, Modem, Sntmurssattliv 4c. well allowed
n -traffic in .petty Vices. A 'enlion.also eett..11,01%
oily 'prevailed, that her MaiwiT.T 111111`.f.°0111,f 414'
arialirt.4:ll!jt she received with willingness, those
ill* ltiliDsiti. Stitt was, however, Attentive to
11: Pry i** (.of her own tradesmen, who were, for
yearkyt4elarly settled with, when the KING'. I
oial-see, disgracefully in arrears. When the
Ili its heathen, and efterwarde the ,Princrts,
riiiticerr, at a distance; from their having incurred
ititoyet displeroure, the Quzett's conduct was at.
ilicotsside'red to be as amiable and conciliatory as
ititirektiteces would permit : bet that much of the
;retie *Ws wps long bestowed open her MllellTrs
'rs e model of the parental and domestic character,
as lit' belonged to' her Rivalries, Consort, who im.
wessed in some degree upon all his immediate horse•
told the Image of hit own steady and exemplary vir- ,
'im, it woelstiftre great isoorance or injustice
o deny. We *eve heard, that doting several
eirs of his life, the KING himself anxiously watched
nd superintended the progress, both physical and
iinfai,Pritii ehiiitren ; and that she daily discipline
( tiia nursery itself did not escape Ibis paternal
iiiitiades. That her MAJwilr's voluntary tastes
'0 floc exactly those which had been inferred from
Stilts of her matrimoniallife,- may be conjec-
' from the realtution which they seemed to
I soon lifter the period when her Royal
.id ceased tit exert-Ise the aepreme authority in
.ttialrn. 'At flret pitied, a transition was observed
loge " grave id 01,4 The weber
,dignity, the
itaoersttl'grandenr, 'di national .charaeter .of the
Plirkili'ah Court, iii*MT. in vanish with - its eglicted
i ny
A iflt .. •ipttisiof gre'bdoer. nowboocpad-
itai7Plcit tiv7was 010 4Mt estate 47/18,-
-titid Telt*lts befalling spl!it. A long series
orpiipt p4Piii4ptinll4 ftntivititi—dowded balls
it-.,.
~. Ai akirovii.—oilltfritig. pomp—gaudy and
. • . ytt intliiti;ll disooretioneciriestr;capri:
golfs, end tteVir`entling profusion— *WM* apparatus
lifoit4
~Ite'ritirsoit.plateinegnifi'ctinci6, were itnrnduced with
th!.t.'Resency, 'and countevieneed, or apprirently• not
Ali ciijititeastl • ,by she QoaE'.
fi
esir far hie.' r Atislint treatment of the *aerie.
nit;;;',. it d vitie' we fear', not tee hiithlY respelled, ,
`Prin.etts of VNI.Iff Oeti be justified:it 1$ pot for;
'tie la deterrnititirizsitlintigh the world ore familiar 1
ehouitii with the sentirdents of het- lamented Grand-
i!anSfirer on that painful sohleet,, and still' 'the corn.
f asciOnale attentions of or KING himself. About the
,ie
;Trd of the medltaled Regency, in 7R9,the Qt7tEte
was accused of hasitig Changed in a petit diNgt-4 the
*gale, compfrsieti. 'end 'purpose of her life; and' of
laving befits!, elk, gtteie and zellons mover of tbe
.r i '
.p4Ssp df fir
' lbai.triOingketi; strong irounite fer.rwiliiteing that
big ,;weer aft ;tide retired gelidity Into she abide of
. .
;niststlelleylife,; tint erferelsed, bolli bier kit MAJsrts
. .and Pill itioswil ad itillateCe, Mete tit Sess doe esti,
to ;tie choice, the coboonalie, Sad' dismhul Cradle
reSpensibla *Misers. ' *.

I a ; so much sot tbst

sit

,Y.-~

I:'osDb.

• s--
I •

.

,•

Calsiflarattsa a• Csr•
I.ll4lllegilti/%0 Writ
Zrrratlielitele iMilii NI. ilettit *IS
t
- ,/. 'N ' ' ' • .•
:' • ' I,Z
• • 4' Clergemstreol, nth No. 18 te: '
RCM gill tramitass,-1 kern from no Ailiteetisemeet is the
~11Millmililaidillelleiv44.14-00440.41-.lcitter:WW•4o OW

Iy trams

) re.

tfi alderof 7s St and prPiersew to he in nowinu....-- _
present that Clly i . istinetiCf
I regret extreme , Vint a public engagement elsewhere will
iterfirinlrnf-ttssc omftttettyje join in isniseere-tniisate to de-
parted eneelletice *A l Mto mingle mine wish the putilid-glieffor
an mil which, in yap-elm worth.** hesillgaiiione2,:rer7 1

7"........ 9"..ww.... lon .y5t........r...r.r,,, —, --
telt sense of saddle t amity.
! ""t Sao kids haitutattsioweelyene Meet*, 'demo( but add
enusual solemnity to the aiichirge oT the-important dpv imposs
'ed upon the Elector' of We Anil it is with a wile view
Ilf removing apeman* aerie of time in the progress of theiry des
liberations that I ant induced to addriawyou.
i P. From public ronsotw,l weirdos solvate ii not haggseibla,
Oat at;' name may he found amongst those to which the ellen.
tient nt the Meeting may be drum: ' . ' • • ...• '• ' '
" In that event. I request vitt 'will take the earliest oppor-
loftily of communicating to the Electors of Westminster my ear.
nest dealer, that my senates it. behalf of the ladependeare of
Weaminster may be limited, as heretofore. to the duties of an
Elector, which alone, consistently wt.!) other allies. I feel my-
self competent to undertake. I am. dear Sir Fraucis,
" Your's faithfolly
• " DOUGLAS KINNAIRO."
AsAs, therefore, resumed Sir F. Burdett, this Gen.
11
,
had placed himself oat of the question, it was
ncumbent on them to consider what other person it
Might be most advisable for them to 'laminate, jet
order to fill up the vacancy left by the death of 'their.
al te laniehted Representative. It would 1040 e;
.... tD •
e. ..lmitl
for him, in the situation which he now heldVfmoloPri
. _. _....
any opieions et. his own, whh roger& to tne permits'
qualifications or merit of individuals. it wasi-kr
tiety..to-atteed4 aon that nvight,be offered by ,1
Jind to collect impartially the.sense of -the room Upon]
41very priciosidoe that should he submitted with re.
Went* U. kW object of their meeting. it was Ohl-
jb be Codeeated that they were in a state of nomer;
danger: and of danger arising from a circuttrshinali'l
somewhet singular. The first difficulty wh(bls tliey
kid to surmount was not It went, but a trrielyot
Choice. Five or six names had already been --...
tinned to him, each of which he had reason to be.
'liege belonged to a min of indepeodeistand uneecep.
lonable character. All appeared to him eqoally
eligible; all had frequently been before the l'ablie
eye, and were, he had not the shadow of a doubt,
animated with the same spirit, prepared to answer the
wishes of their constituents by faithfolly discharging
,their own duty. They must be confines, siverefoves-
test the embarrassment of their wealth itself shook,
turn out to he the source of their weakness.--(Loud
iapplause.)—lt might be proper to remind them, that
... _
they incurred the. risk; amidst ail this variefjc of
:disunion amongst theotsetres ; and that the probishhr
consequence of this disunion would be. that Om*:
Government tooL, would be forced upon thenv, to
the lasting; disgrace of Westminster, and to the damp.
lag of that spirit, and retarding. that proKre,M nY
Reform, 16r WWI Aker had ro long-, , anti he hoped
Vol' ineffettsilly, contendeft.-.-(Rerterred-applr
With reeled to their late Rearmentative, be should be se
-break in non the I:anapest of the day by any attempt to e
or conmiutiMete those ferltapps: or ,iorroft which were *Ai
.414,m:11i aid (mold tle'itlitrAetseightea* ur alictialed
. manitrks i'felhZ still fadhd it. iispotisible -to pass tistW:,t
iwo ;oratis..or Wettiljag 4t ascii-his griefassif,lbei: - 1
4tics4oc. tictori nr WertalLoslt„ot a ell olio the, quates: 5
life, -the hiss which they hod stained oak theatiori•Nnfrirthi
we, ismstnitch as it was she fosse{ a smut posseligg the hi
abilities and the purest chatactee the asoMat waiets.was
"seatestatettto afford scope for y of bei iciest, a
:ray. Ile had been placed by t sr antragesan a 411111MOR
ich ernirld have enabled himinfoHnw espies own erdighteeed il
aehetEts for the public good, a ithnut virlaitig to Use outhorllit'
of inferior minds, or liud ng his great exertions checked by Abe
.ftlg octet of patty Ot 411 i• able and decal riatuented candlelit*
he ban beep deprived, under iet ritmotances and 01 ti time Aro
ablioughfor his ay; n honour nit enaitt a ith posterity, and.drhi
refei tame to that rues-its of food leiliett he had pro:x:newly SYS-
dercd !obis country and to. eitinhinddre sad lived longeu
yet, neverthelevs.• at a time tt hen, alitibllgil•Ui• nit is &pry
sufficiently established, he had it in his p..wer to he of more
vice to the Public than tomhaps ant sober main.- [ A: 'disused' '
Belied died* full of honors for himself. lea vim his Country '
filled with admiration and regret. sisal 3 name behind hirair
I never ensiles be menamval eithoat a orlgb -L Applatrsej--lh
Ives, hria ever of weir fewe sitthi, cola
rt:trtllite•tiaaslgniolinritYll;:tnice the ifischer,the duty bii• de
s
en of w h es
On them. it shoold• still . induce them to regard, with*
11CtIlliDiZill:: eye, the claims of every nue who might he ris'
'posed to fill up so great a, chasm.; fhe- Public duty t subin
dead devolved upon them. .all was of a serious ant .
and their honea endeavours to discharge it would a
them the best consolation in the sirog4lo.whieb. they meal
expect to encounter. Above all thing-, he was desirous ef law
'premag trn their minds what' he had touched upon at theooh.
Al hi, address-that their dificulty cetitisted not in she presdity
of those who were perfectly qualifieo to represent them% had.
*might probably be velonitted to their dusk.; but ins/elect*
one from matiy.-all of a hum were 'possessed of claims equally
sittisfaetory and indisputable. In the conduct of this scleettlin
Witter that, unless they should act with spaaimity, mulamity
around one indi idualohey would lacer the hazard. if not the
certainty, of a defeat by .the influence of Government -(ails..
plause.)-Such was his respect far the several individuals alive
names had been transmitted to him, that he Could sincerely ife-
' chin- his' opinlna• in he. thatif :hose mimes were pot in atm!-
, losing-boa, the first that might he draw ii would he a very 00.
prr person to serve as their Representative. Bet as vane'
choice must he exercised, their first care should be hi preaqrtri
unity amongst themselves When one same was adopted; be
bispeatisey would all steadily adhere to it. and' that: the Edda&
of Liberty would not again suffer themselves to be divided. -Ulla'
plause.)-Let them not eater into invidious comparisons eirs.-
. -. .. .. . . ..
superb

re. )
to
:ci.e

~.. ,
..

)44;

t- •
segiditne of the btiAltled.Ossiiiitii of thP
111 t....
iAtOi .elosiont:.L.
i. xii _ _... •
jai ' u Irriatilbe netlejltithAVelitonitplet beilie allAin
theft lillit tovitioahieright, tbe Elective
Franchisi,:ti eonseTtepeeit oke t thetonted iteash of that exel-
•••irn..l_Mi amigo tit /P.

-,•
...- -. 6af treed itepresemative. sunray& .ta .----
ikt•P 6 reelliketeeti of a short duration, and to a full,
free, and emitilsere in the' chafer of Kt/preventatives.
Kesel TtuseJobailabboase. Esq.. from bis known fa-
* 1 ''l•thoptivii..
leatstad fatter, is i iii,ttod proper person to represent the
City of 111 torliger is Parilitaseno, aryl that be be accordingly
pat is ramiktatkOn as the4asseiniailection. . .
Resolvelled.' That A ro'hionitee (a ith 'power myna to their
:=Pera), fie appoeneed, to carry the above itemteu tuna. info
%and lip take the accessary measures to ensure bis Election.
•Re said that, situated as he was, nothing but en
lispevative sense of pnhlic.duty, and a proper feeling
ofirrivatwfriendattip, would bare indiced him in his
.cote of iekliiposition, to have atte.. t the Meeting
this day. He had known Mr: H. ue long—he
had- knows% him as a iliatinguialted I ra vefterand an able
political writer. Tho Electors of Westminster knew.
him as their efficient friend in the• the contest. He
was the friend of the People, unconnected with any
'riles ' He. was just the man the
—Jig nor Tory could
Is propOsiog Mr.
is, they CO6lll find
with more power.
A:their rights aalll
. 1.-.
Vie mintier of pal.-,
the first Resolutlon.4
• en old acquaint..l
.g them, and wished
which induced his ob.
their Meetings.
.Twen.
ceased to take an active
he en,emies of freedom as
months, it bed been at.
employed for the por-
tend it necelenty to
found himself do.
lone to assert hit
a.determiaation never 1,
t public life, but to
of his own princ4:l
preserve his: itse
to this determiner
had made two re.
lependence should fol.
lewn he would again
vents sboold arise of

Interest, Whether,'
his pow coma
'surd, ise*:,nnt for hiow:tn heihould step;
was, Oath, hail e'er retneined inflexible to she frowet
of power end. the. allurimenti of Interest. lasafriel
-ewes' liitOwtseiteationand•pioeliects in life, he would
edrett to the prfilic vale of the Country—it Wel as
%late of refit crisis, eqeallylqypti4ent both Oleic'
„kind in the estitbilahtnentof (hit
9i
i9f legititinicycpwilio this
e •
a :4 nfReP4 A-14u1.,
. .

t on
'lktillo.. . . _.- - -matinia,.. . : eirUitilli7.l!..
kitpo. * .S• 6 : • ' a . *tette
cry.
se,
17,Z...
__. .... ‘ aolgtit,*". ,
rs' bad , cry;
...,. . se, the
. Onotbtrii!for :loot-T ''fiel-., Piece i‘'No, Na."
itlki 41041111Stelfhtt.14W* ot'ittas.ble I h*nt!ii
ripilystikiheive anaiorOlitilhe Oppetteitkralk meet—,
Tinos. o/ . arks*, lotp4tant to the oidienee who
4i.' ,to fia y.I. Of ..144..iistr for re apce without ever bring al•',
3ntowt.thiveitaftefipf,abtainifig Seats. (idsugh.) He eon.
1 , ilveifehlogto voile to the cause of:liberty,
anti oporticellitly the cormorivercial interests of the
coutaltit.- If'titierty tett), the 'latter could not survive
for ten.yooks..—freedom was the soul' of comoleice.-;-1
fiese.ordlai* coecurred in the necessity. of a-ainion,,
•
•an alliance *thong the friends of liberty. Oa the
I present occasion it was necessary to look at the state
of portico:its this.country. The. People ought to ;
Its ..e.opfty Contending in different 'tlegtwel fort
,the eakee,ol liberty; and to oppose another polar
weidity Ottliitto drain all their mules and all'Ilsoir;
.ir
liberties.—(Applause.)—Before. they agreed to tip
initiate soy particular indifiduniv.they 'limpid weigh
well the responstliiiity in which they were about to:
embark, ind -avoid that line.of conOuct which in the!
early steps of .he last eteotion,„ had neatly led to
'such Wet riegabti evil, antis.** to the verge. or deb.:
ins. tlit..lectioa of, their distinguished Chairman,
whe • been for many ware almost the only
1. ' •
firm
scam, otattie of the. People. If they now
isei4tvitel,would triumph—if they did pot,' Ulu or..
.
pare %fiends of their enemies would triumph
)44... the ..idetached bands of the frieride Air
..„,
011at':.'rearia. Whe . supra their • SopportecsigiT—.i
, M Who apposed tote anti aril nod principles of these aelleoho7
!- vennkt goverwtry tontine) pewit-. i.e Whigs woult ilba awl,
;`friends, if tree ;a Mete ow a piaci plea ; aoil• triy WhaAelvited
'will to o canoe of Itherty wam drive a drive icwww:l4l4looDOlN
-fir .bioefoor teey sr teeldnot go ignite wreer:litelloolgetreti.
.inswever 'they.totillat atlihnsol4ittie ,
,gov„ . sbilwe on thebni IstrOsittelt efeY:ll/100,144411.410.,
didate sitogid be laud ittlelk antes all would
*Aryl. • it they were to tve -tivoitidistelentell Ova.
Ar ent choices. the Moister • 4: so .doubt.
~ --awe ',what n trinesplo ~..,o_4lst.,..'likynhlta.tiett .beest
..- me tate General Nem lots drivenotteitishiataleeiltstripopeloeir
City int the country ; .ss Ito had d,4 beets ebbe to sent est% air
ore flonarOp bi.muit-hahcr into Parlianteg. shoui4 lord it veer '
tea Utitif Wes.minster. whit* hatkaboays Oita no example
`IIT independence-o.Bnd a pplatiss3-..that he $11.9141 triamph
c, Width- wits abseil the ooly. . well repre.ented place
It
the *leg:dons, became • hers tie _votes were too no-
uns.: to ,be lsonght....nod should they suffer him who
il had
0110,0 boed and delt-atcd elle, where else, to erect his
liaandard in.t+iititlninster,•and boast that -lie had swain brought
e trader Ms trastameto.—and with an appeirsotee of res.
!Wed*, fie Its that event, thowelithey o.d retar.ied Mu advocate of
end nit the owe heads they would have chosen a tool of Ace-
the
t:ifiklnet 'ilree i)irtsttliNis re• ' ail ''hit.to-thrti Reim ntatlitve laued atod's
see* let them haw him, and let esti !Hector resolve to rapport
ilia. If there was a matt wino preativarSoteth'ends and lodl.
that prrptslaiity to thepatidie gowd,-tatlthit weed Op foe tiltri-•
lea t &tad kits him who 'Wits resolved .wavoie -foe his awn fit.
sure he Witold not be sitecewful iii the comet,
ad foriottreta a friend to midden and distraction. apt if
. wall' itillOgb9 Watt resolved to promote. j.i beery' and aid
as (wOhtrat ',which Übe -ty. . could tot so hi t.o). Irt him iarrt,
r.ev prkvale,opittios;nd feeling to.the'graird tore of scene-i
chef atitive, Once of Westminster, by cftoosiog for their
•. • mentattre an r0e:1420 arbitrary rule; ari.l one prepared;
ta_cielstb..r.ijght• a the 'pefple.—((treat applause.)
'
. iret* g.sPIWPO'Se thee rose a..cl said, the, otcurreitcli
4,11,4•10444,k0 ,fart ;lives red .befeae taw •Gent leen en-
d‘:ise,
. -• .
stinelribte444.k,lety dit. treat from Ike present one;
elAkitiliqpiete, It Ike ViOor.iiiieta4 by lie' olivine Wo etas;
. . .
ttatno44l3,. P:hAd thro--. et. toll" *Stir tbey 4a.Pl
'4"Me. 4119 torpor . the liesibur Of it
tiis . .-. ,:,:: • • ....- kli `' '
f'ste- IN ati.iita.:01441..,a,•

~~~

I.L!.

I,

.1. of till

tritt*ph-4w be mft
;lause.)—lle was now to the Oa,
tie world tot whom be wai•riestified to al
himself. • Be hail to dee re 00 them, that'
that morning received a ge hem tl nom
respectable etectovs, inviti him to oft

D,

Itkor 01

vausuw. wv stow% ...“441 rimuurogruil.lllliP 11101/1y
haretedllartedhalto haesPtieraestnonitheanh°etnec"torir aotfitWvesinttnitsiltutitl
to
..
• .
bet ntrwas an Itogffiltutirtt, 'lied at such *lsla:.
terested in every effort by. whieh the 'vet
isieti'nPhda4l-41:146:411AY:'dgallaiPi*Ilinitillt°141/41:f44:111.7.11114wItel"I'bIrgbediAlir.4•111%tatagg1/4141:'ellianletueseii;
render It hated sod. diliveo4 as • fro la :its
ration and renown had befutieweteetliell.' riche
that fiis exertions &lin :ffitir fits election:had ludo
him, in some degree, kodifes'retisong.tbe
he addressed. On: that oresidos his Asian sad, hod
had gone together, though by on‘,,,Ntooe to ospecta.
duns of sueb a gloriotri reglartit.lill 4 Weireow. platt4
within bis view, pisrlinniarly 11011111 err shim ti At,
rind of tithe.. To represent tinsel vii, igijor F'-•
• . i he
richest recompeore that estaki., be. itieVelit %
highest mend was the approbation oteviiiies knelt•
citizens, and gigue the gist Moment be
,hia leaf*
1.0 thfek for himself, he had leSketionOnobigig t,
be So noble or elevateills bonest rinse.. StatnelisAi
Considered .such a feelings' an infirsZity, but ,he fat
proud to own it an infirmity to whiCh he was sit+
—honest,laini, ho*O7fi:t.lie7-ettlff, Jlilt _ &mil. si
honest men would *morsel 04 Jill wrisi. bet. h,:
men couldCottfer. Ile *Cita blare Oresa. r
his principloV Certain peoPle,:be'ish4eist
asked " Who was Mr. Iloblionitef"• Ilactic‘
theta' who be wav,a nd he Wel gfisd-ofit;, ' fat,
1; ti,
tell them who he was not. 1110 wit a *at a arari ,
great family-rhe had formedin Connecta ootaiibilit
individual further than in the common iritercogise.t4
aocioly, saes Its bind hint to any own or itny'potty„
Ile did not rely on any tbingpnt their,k ' edge 0
7
him. He was not sent bekV-theei ttyi 11l ticker
manoeuvre ; he preaented bislitteffielf4tr t tfee'tit-417
ly as being the person on- vat' they" .lid the basl''
,
chat Fe of struggling f r the Ici etreudesiee et West-
minster. It would regoire on Ilttle-viiisity is
laim sacrifice their ,interestsio his individital view .
inch ..a.faeling never priirtipted • his lierWtirbii Sean.
ail sole object was that'in him the Ornate for hide.
Oendence might be maintained. After thi• lest
%leo, •perh..ps. it
,would he: unnecessary for hiw'cb ii.
Opitulate his principles there. But therd wits mit
*round of pretension on which he cold not previii
am. Isimseff to be affect, on which partiCulitly it sib
{desired he should be put forward, nuke* which
'twofold • perhaps be peculiarly proper:44.ol4ms hie-
Wolf to them. fie was d I terairnar:; lostsety he si*
ifite(o'tnier, he did nut mean to mince the mutter--b.
sat that Parlianwsstary Reform which w.ottid me
t44,14* -root of tits dangles that threatened tee Cut.
sfftiftiiin of Englantl.-Alltsch had beets slid if
cute of . thitir rig niri4 it-pterige.' ' Wlinlarre'
net .4411tdii4Pfvfliif,t, biff ..i "liii'i*lll't-s,
'. . . .11164110 ? TAtair-hett IsOlitadois , 1,, a-404 A..
olie; _At .'i. ' *. 4ftets- lifilty; .
Pm** t1e,0807-740.0*, -. . 1,14 ''.. Ft2',; ' • tA
. . ~.. ...„.
_ . •0 I ioo'ol' V's 4thit ' " 11. air#4l_ll 44/11146.
IS she p coot ,01111.-Mil'44o-.:104.
known to the Country t bet be ifft.1(4014.11.1011•1
to ilijiiiiser, that' *toil: 111!)10116: iffiliii %SO! .
Irat ' out I *WI 941 • *SO 1* - 01*: Ilk- `.r.
ito-ihoubl• itite* ' ..
qatddldk.-.y. W big 10111 yfi ifoi, .
self it2l3c pusengsto, avower
.it. wail' 110!..4 . • ,
well err succeeded : he ten il. Wits not ere fortune it -
view' persons had refire lilted libbinatetterr• he bee
bratmht op. WI habitual vedermisti for.thelli ; bed !meanly*
lected thb•feturits of wi:doun and iotegrity he had inibilseef
their exineple. If he were 01 chottee a eldleagueso homier
to direct him in the path twat 'ought to he lowsued. he coon.
desire another than the wo: thy Chairman 3 become. Walk'
Ibil sip' strierly his owa p-mtiptes, bed turtling etillti7 tq th
riot hand Into to toe left, he had act aired athuracter. *oche
be verily believed had net er beta etuoyed before..witich nee
toed the character described to their ideal republics. to
writers ofAmiewitys-(Brohusia-tic applawe.).-.That was
Slattery. if It was such, he scnnld not Omit lt.. IP* wnittet Ate.
hear it. At the limniog. he *books rig presitivstopooka lir
people, who- st paid reduce. Westmitener to the c ion rt.
a Cinque Port. He saw from-the Papersof thicdaY, 1 ;
M. !Wittier!l would bring forward-his presen.iioninhai
atom, tint not himself, as it appeared.-eide had..offea:Mill4
'the heavery el British twallnen i amt of an SeoPienbe4britlel; 4
Murray Maxwell was the goo t astdociout. It eormfdlilltAl.w...,..
Iltouglit ne.bati.get the:lectors of Westnituster on bold 1,...
.of w a 0-i( La ts ch ter)--b .al 'he beard- it be fialemah sifte; •
ui-old nut do." He could not forbear expre'ehlE sirs'',
t fiat a brave and vault PPRITOrfI, Hi Sly M. Maxwell matt
'in his protest:too he who ild always speak of him in woo A re:
!street), coma submit to become the tool of the Mon- vile
contemptible Adininittratina that eveCendearoured tolstili.i: ,
*thit to the slavish melons o the , Coatriseat;-AAifpAatlif.lll,
' Would they imagine on the . wrier; That they were' et! $!11,
li
'quarter-deck of Sir Marley as weirs veStet ? ItitOtalltl
rd that neither his pon.r nor his person was sound.-.(ii Its
He acted oily as the tool: Of. Lend lllJartooth or 'Loa eatulti
-rough. -His opper.ring on the 'Moines would be la snitch*
epic** as if tiny of them were to mete a speeela on the Od.
of a min of war. Hire asy of them had A right re du set
.Imt,irtie attempted it there ha .weald be laughed am; turallsi
M. Maxwell thount be treated with as ninth Coutetnltt if he
gait tainutarmsie on the Bustin.. .bat ha sakestiA.be
trnti h all itiotiettamsnit lit)tia plates Be shoeldliddibolhor.,
400 Cit --filet a. it was only title ehalte4 tirtitebelag
_.41.119.0. .
'resent-he Stud OWL. 00,0900104 -1I It -sostaildamlik.ft .
probable hod credible ppeatis4ltikaltioraa am ifiliely. to gil
erect. be ibettid retire. "The MAAhreis *ere 1.010.4 .
tev Diutios 'Ea this enemy.. •Tuseylutri eedeaysareetu too a,
divisino, bud rake the ember* of sotplekto la so y.fellolts_
Ike laud, so that a try. hod. informer, WO, .
,•,..!;,;,..... *.r.yr.
side.-Cl.pplauve.3-..Their orts woel4 ;. ... .. z Ili" .1"
tpeastitutiott. did untthe'Pedithe itheigater '..f'•: , sifrfit4'4V
life and new principles into it, Were he obe reset,. it?
• Forbin-neat. be woukt be the bag mousse. of she 'P8140414.
berboatit oar ali hiti-grattlode4to rhea hr .Mild Nutt
'tor advice, for adtWoublau,..atati7.6o- orders.-,yea Clf
Omagh see terra wasttalaahrowahira-i it prrlattsr.j, e i
000 or take leave to emir.. cad letivetke master 10 their air
ttiott, *bit* wowed be better solaria oiliblth aretcorf•
~_
[The conclusion of :his speech *as narked b,w brag rttotS*-
'lllBm'.l '
several persons then got on the ieble et once,- ft
Pthe purpose of addressing. the ;Me'vfing, and ciao
Moo prevailed for some minutes. •
. .. „
' The CHAtitstAtr stated, that before proceeding fa
ther, it vies necessary to put theA.rst Resolution t
she vote.
The first Resnlntioit was accordingly read fro
Mile ahair' .end carried vuanivaitustr• ; •
l A Mr.ionstris 'then endeavoured to speak, b
i yielded' to the Cliairmatt,volto tinted, that the tweet
~.
' Resolution Went to propose Mr. Hobbouse, to W .
'•the Gentleman .beside Mm Was goiwg to speak. ~'4
Mr. J iris iNS begged leiite to istoplitilir
an s• &tient to tie second Resolution, .
belt, • EyQ
,11.11 a fit and proper person 4
the city of Westminster in Pal liatient. —( illiAt
...
~ i
~
'earroballon , anti itheite gr for snare min arse) ,t,..61
Haut and Mr. Wisltzrt tbco so
inkuotor .Gipsfm* tiaktvturtAlh
on the3o.

,Mr.

~~,.

q 141:
, )1

2,,

of the parties in the State. Ile, we
People wonted, for neither Whis
Influence or .controul his views. I
hobhoussy lip fee * full ronviction
oo better ran, nor one endowed
col eloquence to assert" and seppoil
liberties.-4(Great applause.)
After a dew words respecting the
tin the Riesolutions—
Mr. TAuLiest.t. rose to second th
Ile saier,lo,laa after a long absence
ante ontte 're appeared among
briefly to et laiinaha Tenons whit
me
levant fort
.1 11- a Period.frbas their
:iy-one yowls ogn,', before he ceased
part in•pulilii.Proceedings--tba Ow
sailtul his ilfe.S-7 times in, 4 mouth
I tacked- byibtiodt of ruffians emplt
pose. It inch a situation he foo
retire--he i did so when be ft
1 seriad no eery hand, and left al
principlea.lle had then come to sit
more tb liilo an active part in I
confine hiisself and the avowal o
plea to • ND j'Jrivatii circle,. and
tegrity in silent*. In coming to
flea of litieg in retirement, he
servatione+onp wit; tat if indepeo
low his pritfiltsionuf pursoitN, tiro
come (petalled—thatcher, if even
great ernesertir alai mimeo:sinus in
the first reservation warafateS Ids

I.

I

ceeding.
visit CHAIRMAN interposed and said, it would be
beneficial to the Cause for which they. were as-
bled, to `listen with iniiartiality and fairness in
Geetteatso who had any thing to sty ; withmit‘
it was impossible theft' Meeting could be at".
. with' any good; or any respect attach to their
liceedinp. He hoped that every Gentleman (at
I ibile he was is the Chair) would be beard with
iitnit then proceeded perceived it At.
patience to obtain a hearing from them;
it' he would never suffer it to go forth, that so en-
'defied 'aft assembly, convened for the purposes this
been:had refined to hear an Englishman. 'Sorely'
‘t, groat amiably; composed of 'the tlettors of
''miaster,w:,aid lend an ear to what he wished to
:to them Gentlemen ought by this time to
kilovolt his character too Loud laughter

interruption) —to suppose that, were the cis.
tour teu times as great, he.would be put downs by it.
They had called upon the worthy Baronet to pre.
~,as She. person most likely to Command atlas.
),..siid,. is VI •9 . his
,desire that • foie hear,in
ilfil be Oleo to every one. It wait impoisibie. it
m•k.' • 'fia .eist'sso. ii their Memory what disgrace.ol..
• •Iniik ','..place in that room three or fent.
Vlfro
' . 11
.I.li ; .41;4 Atiip slatlfwit 0.. a . rill' .40
their 'ffeceidroga,vstid. 'ersimPelled ' ae.
.''to leave the chair. .Tie. °Neste', of
'' •.
litroan who , had "adritesied, theta., in
-'• -4014 k of elequonge, and of all who, had i
$ll
1440.141jes,:,,aticm4to beeeeh as he was ready .
4% ''..i
atia .4414 It bad been well said;
iliiiini. wee ".iltiii
,weiskoess. Thry had
las e; with troth; that eisiell bad neaftY
"'tire election of the Worthy Cit'sirenan
.f. , _, it friends had solicited him forpertnission
prloptite liti at the Meeting.—(Claniour.)7-uk
I sfor .votie /hat if they could get no other ono to
44 tile dottiest for -15'i days %blast Sir Murray
i 0 tele*as al their service ; bet if any other
• 6; oth‘se opining:Lend principles' were knuwn.
1 poo*Veit, ofrered himself, in G.Od's name let
; him iuterfere. If any one, onequivoially the Mood
aiiir People, was proposed, he would immediately
Ink all personal considerations, and labour hard for
tite in the great ceuse.—( Loud applause.)—lle had
1210 told by his friends, that certain enemies of
i intended to prOpose a, Gentleman who went the
all length of his principles in opposition •to him.—
'///us:se untisderreption.)—They had listened to an.
'the, Gentleman for three quarter of an hoar, cer..
,aitqf of much greatereloquence than his. ' Miny..
lbseriations had been snide bi preceding speakers,
;htikleod'isatly metwitkgeeet ripOliftvabnt he felt
to bilill duty to tinthi etteuilOu:Or, the Meeting-
* op,: of the' principles kid slows,. *latch appeared
o him' to be Most ohjectionOle—and on which,
- tly,. a great. posigic assembly ought nut to
. were corrects a•Geutleman (Mr. Thel;
-,--,
1.094 lbe.other end of thalabler who had addreisedr
)111116-.1110 ouch eloquence, had said, 66 let the-person:.
ffirst ne'e , for the AA Ito of. oneuimity, be agreed.to."
" AO, No !") Ilit.'veould repeat ttii w0.r4.:
r—"-- -:" 14.1....41.d',* aim% • hose Me.
• ,e'• t-:.:_. Pyai)•o9.4i-Sil gin lolf illeivilligt if,.
/tlifilein. esr (Muchdisipprobelioh.)4.,Pilisthisribis_
•er a • a eisiewlnt.nf his or not, he would notirefermine.
But,ho *sillstost glad to find, that sueh a. sentiment,
44:adopted by the speaker, would not be aUpported•
1 the Meeting.--(Hear, hear!)—Some of the Gen.
I kW% *kV scare placed neer him, did, when Mr.
Ilonhouelt was proposed, enquire who be was? Mr.
livvevitiose did not answer the question—. and he (Mr.
oat). meant, is consequence, to speak of that Gen.
'h, with great liberty, great freedom, and,
'.; 9rds !kb great moderation.--,(Langhter.)—
Ort whets advi.reveing such a Meeting, he couid II .1
i 11..., . Puttlevirs. few queltions to Oh fril.nds, of the
new indidate—Auestioes that bad already beess, put
441
toiiiin, aud *filch, 'rho ha *KW, hi certainty Mad
refitted to attswer.44 Much tlieoppeohaftqu):--It bid
been demanded, who is Mr. ilobliouse?" and he
loold follow op that, question. by another. Mr.
31olvitente bad said, he was not connected With any
of the great families—nor had he any contiation
whatever with any persons likely to bias his dispo-
Jgon, or to alter his principle% But the name did
:Wry to him peculiarly unfortunate—ominous in
!:160rastrente. He would state his reason for think-
85010't He wished to know whether Mr. finbhouse
*II- toy 'relatfie of Sir Benjamin Holvtouse?—
,itirks of " He is the son of Sir Berjamin.")-
114110• a son of that individual, who, after a puhlir
**ling err the room where they were now assem.

Art, ass so tilled with enthusiasm in the cause of
pitlserty, that he followed Lord Holland, end begged
4rave to kiss bis hand, as a proof of his 410,0110 in to
;firnse priintiples which his Lordship bed in power.
i,.1}1 supported !—What 1. was he a son of that Sir
ttaleitjerein, who, six weeks after theiday when he
-,4r1 thusconducted himself, forgot all his profssions,
%%rid enlisted under the banners of a most proflieste
Arteriole rat i ?•-•••(Aluch disapprobalion.)—" G en-
fleeter)," said Mr. Hunt, " if t speak at all, I must
tr.itill do my duty. Otherwise it k use' ess for me
so.appeir amongst you. I ask of Mr. llobhense's
f leo*, whether he is the son, or any relation, of
,hat,Sir Benjemia Robhoese who was, for so long a
Grind, Chairman of the Right lion. William Pitt's
Committees ?—le he connected, by blood, lo that
fir Benjamin Hobhouee, who deserted the cause of
Liberty, and enlisted under the banners of slavery ?
Is be the son of that Sir Benjamin Hohhouse, who,
(or many years, received fifteen hundred pounds per,
sin. et the public money, as one of the-Commission-
for enquiring into the debts of the Nabob of
,Arctet I—(Approbation.)—Let these questions be
)irly answered. If they are not, it will be curious,
since the Hon. Gentleman himself expressed his %%lan
lognesi its answer any question that might bead.
ressed to him. it has been very properly Mad,
'bat, because the father acted improperly, it sus not
therefore to he supposed that the son would proceed
in the same course. This was very properly pot—
:tnd I, for one, join in the opinion, notwithstanding
the century appears to be countenanced by the 'Oil-
which I profess, that the sins of the father ought
'net to tsetvislted cm his children. But let us know
okit this Mr. liobboesp, now before you, has been
loifrefor the fast ten years of his life? Let us
Itstilt what he hes been . ehrtti! white fr:lll24betfl.f"

,

/17720:1Rff "111 -..riTTr. ,4--17.-7 ere Or
blection.teek piece 1 tier sore be Mien P. ' ts.,
bele
'lLsay, be antiot ' know ii to'vliet—and if he ii net.
teetei le of bins f-;--te.rfis of ' Beware of ilmiet!')--
*tie; yet, 'you have all your eyes open to me. , It is,
Impossible eny.thing t ran say can mislead yon.r.-erad.,,
therefore, I am the more likely iiipnikt out to you
those tehre.rogy.decelyeyou, it toilers pot Re, yont
guertl. A Gentleman vilioni favv;i6.,;iiiifirettils
day, has proppediki'yee thit-Willlain Cohbe!t be
approved of by this Meeting ass fit and proper per..
itins to represent the City of Westminster in Perlin-
• ~—(Shouts of ,disapprobation)—The question
. 4 whether William Cobbett be s fit and proper man
itaa
to be nominatedas a
.. presentaive of this city ?
(' Ile be a,.—d,, • from one of :the Electors.)—The.
rehairman will tell you, tlinekls yolk don't appear to
believe it, that this is the question, moved as ao
'amendment to a previous question. William Cob-
bett bas claims on your generosity. Ile is an +lieu
from hi 4 native land—(4 Ile ran away ! Ile de-
serted Isis post !' from many voices.)—lle did . not
runaway—he was driven away by the tither of that
very mats who is now opposed to him.— (Disappro-
balion.)—l will endeavour, Gentlemen, to t-li you
.he ?hit Mr.Cobttint is.—(6 We mirk
,lifknots noising.
fortheriabeut him '—Well, 1 have no hesitation in
eaying, rho. Ii will give him all the support in my
power7taro
.I am equ'ally ready to assert, that you
will filnl,,iskWilliam Cobbett, Iryee are inclined to'
aid bite, .le most faithfel Repteitentiathe.2(Geeist
clamour.)4—G eat lemon, (said Mv.,Hant, lookieg et
his watch) tiodis:airosi on • 'Of* mewril,vi tiod,il low
not tired. lam sorry if yoq ores „
,lriti tilltstArl, IS',
of a serious netere,..aodlase will lasi norreel se.
yn?t cestetrys as well for thoAtAtiOu will givirdttit•
day, is for that which yon-,4411 Netermine on erlkti.
the'perietfof • ceeteat 'kVA.** -This being the osim4
yaw ought telear whit tlikkllto effitilts foveae Ad:
Mr. Cobbett. 1 holiefeltie, sr I'l4 PA all iltilfSts
bast he is a great ebaracter—that be Is Inferior to
no man ise.a polithai writer. _ If he
.be retureed fir
Westminster, si I confidently.bope he willu:•:leir 1-
think he will inset with pier support—yonwilltrind
him endowed w itb. abilities to serve the public memiei
equal•even to those by which your enlightettoggstir.
man is distieguished (Dirapprobalion) Aye,l pee io
—and no bad compliment . paid to the Chairman'
I iit her—(tauthter)—Yoe will'find him an English.
an.--and, I will say, superior in intellect, to,
ny malt in the country.—(• Peter. Porcupine is
his proper name.; Why du you speak of. .him?
you know he tau away.' )—I may now be per.
mitted to. speak of a fact that took place at the
last election. You will recollect, 'Gentlemen, all
the various attacks that were made on me at that pear
tied—whether properly or improperly I wiH not stop,
to examine. ,Scatcely an ludisidual hears me, pare.
kicularly amongst those cotmected with the public
Press„ who does not remember a letter, perportles.'
Ito come from Mr. Cobbett, basing been eshibitedfo,„
the Hustings. In.thst levier. my character was spolym
isi..in very, disrespectful-terms. That letter was
o the Hustings to insult me—but i.vgn prove to.
batit was a forgery !--(Cries oi 6 cowpox 11,1110.
• eat ciaasour.)—Fait piny, Gentlemen (said. sr.
tilt,t4 INS. foe God's fake give the .ftaail.altiktit**,
Vie Wee in question was dated Boller, the %MIS of'
April, 1809, sod was addressed to Mr. M, right.;
The passage which alludes to tee i; as follows : •'.:
d It is itapos.ible for both faetioas nailed to ealumni,tte one
motives if we proceed as we ought, and do not mit with men of
bad eharacte . There is.one Hunt, the Bristol man - beware of
him I tie ride. about toe count. y with a w---s. the wjfe of
loonier man, haviug deserted his own. He is a sod fellow !
Best twitting to do with him! Adieu!
' WM. CORBETT.'
" This letter was read on the Hastings by a person alb!
mune of Clears—a/id here is Mr. Carmen's wawa to it.—
( M orb clatnoor.),Sorely. Lientleruesi, a hen inch an at•ack has
Dern nt.t.te to ap individual, you van not be cruel enaugh to
prevent him from repelling it, whoa he bas the opportunity.—
la a letter acidref.ied by Nit.. Cobbett to the halite; uf,the.Nwe
York kw ing Pad. and which has since been plq.tished in the
tfo,iio.uf iishery, the following remarkable observations may
be foundt— .
• Now, alduregb you (meaning the Editor) would not forge
a tetter fop, rwhal.is jiorpose, I il,,cltre that you have repub-
lish,. t a forery• —(ltir. Cohliett, said \tr. Hoot. bear allotted
to the repliblication;in America, of the letter read on the Mu-t-
-iny. In Mr..Cleaey.)— I declare (continued Me. Cobbett) the
tester to he a forgery. f accuse Mr. Cleary, before the People
of Americo (a. 1 hone done In a It egister,sent bode, before At
People of L glai,d), of having forged tjt..t letter—or, which is
the same. is !mint of baseness abasing obtained it from a Utah
who he'' rorgeo it—and which man, he well kaew to have ber'n
guilty of forging, my. name and writing, for a fraudulent pur-
poses 'any times:"'—(Very ereat.disturbence.)
Sir V. UtIIIII4TT.--744 I felt honoured
.by heing
placed in the siteation of Chairman—bat the duties
of that situation I cannot fulfil, unless Late see-
ported by this Meetier—oodl C 1.9 rePeive 119'etritte-
teal support, except by the silence of aentlemen,
when any individual addresses them. 1 hiplore them
to give their attention to every speake, sal not, by
interruption, to destiny the harmony of the Mi.eting.
1 should feel exceedingly ashamed if I ware obliged
to quit the Chair before any resolution is adopted ;
but thisi must do, unless I can preserve silence.—
Silence, it is evident, I cannot preserve,
here. u4fesi 1
pm aided by every individual • tilt, ed:
•dreis would probably have been at an slid long tieferre;
this, If he had been antlered to proceed witOset h.
terroption. It will surely have a more respectable
appearaote in the public eye, if we proceed 4..
Italy, than if the Meeting be broke up, ip 11",011.
queues of noise end cenfesion, without Waiting:en.,
.of the objects for which we hews been ccroverpd;'—
(Great applause.) . , . ,
Mr. HUNT then said, there was, In" Mr. Cirblrett'l
. .....
published letter, a great deal more er..ts the irree Anb-
ject—he meant pn,tlre enbject towelled sipop .lo the
epistle reed on the dustings at the hat EistSfri ,lie
would not, however; take up pore ef:She time br.the:
Assembly, but, once for all, eppeel to thini,' whether
.he had not repelled. this charge. Ile bed pfene ihe
violent attacks made on him, if oat meekly,, st least
very patiently--but he should he considered void 'of
all feeling, if, having been accused in this way, 'mad
basing tbeAneges if contradicting the assertion, lii,
bad sot Coro4) fairly forward 'lad defended himself.-1
Ile *meant new to conclude. He lookett• *spots Mr.
Cobbett as a most fit and proper person te.vrspieseot!
Westminster in Parliament.-7(otuchclisapirthatii.,n)
—One word more and he hid done. He:pledged
himself to-prove, that the persons who had Imp, con-
cerned in the forgery which he Lid snenljoiged,had
privately endeavoured to take seal hie life. (Crites'
•
of 44 614; aka' I,i e and touch disappre4itite..)
Mr. CLEANT uollt rose, evidently oviform, under
sem, indispositinn• lie said, after what hod feller

. ;

.

bee fork) .
•-I..::'''---ci'r. : `,----",-- -•
te
• Ilirkitimr.t e-61•I think a Man, *with suche chug.
se
_fhb on tel‘ heck. ought to be heard."—(finerl) .
MT. Ce.*AnY4-46 I hale just risen from a 'Alt
bed, to .4arit .1 bay. beer; Confined Utmost two
months. TheAetter that bee been alluded to I lava'
in my powession.—lf Gootletnerr, you will seeks
rooms for me, I will go heeneetid being that lelklew.e..
send, if it does not appear to be ebe letter of hiri
`•••Colibete•--4 you oeppose that he did not use tilt
imiords relative to.Mr, Haat, I will stiffer myself tie
be sacrificed on the spot. Let the letter be laid boa
"forestay man aeqiainted with Mr. CObbett's hand-'
tetitiog, and, if he does not declare it to be written
by hint, let me endure your' heaviestdispleasore.--.1
(6 Bravo, Cleary!'}-Labouring as' I am under-
sickness„ ..It is not in my 'power' to address yell
lOnger."—Velr. Cleary then forced his coy fro
rooms)
Mr: rtittiati'Att. rose to eselele,—kb they were
'met for the investigation of truth, every effort ought
to be made to prevent the dissemination of falsehood.'
An obsatration bad been made on what he had statefij
which was extremely erroneous. Every person tre-1
quainted with the arts of debate knew, that the:e:
.eray of tellieg is falsehood was by repeating only,
dart of what had been said--and 1110 course had been
pursued with reference to bite. He stated, an&
',tiled very, distinctly, that be had no particular
Piefevenci for Mr. ItobboosP—bet that, if Mt.,
llothotree coacentrated, within himself, those it
ties that were likely to be serviceable to them, he
isroght to be the person elected, for, if another
oeuvre wive taken, he feared it would lead to dis-
union. and disunion, in mast cases, produced defeat.
—(Hear !)—fie now wished to speak a word 0-
lathe to a Gentleman (Mr. Ilohhouse) who had re-.
centiy quitted his place.—(" 77sat's more Machu
father tail/ do"—frons an Elector.)— With that Gen-
theists he wet unacquainted—he could not therefore
be his part a„ Some persons In that room had al-
laded to tither. This he could say, that what-
it
eeer tlwe *ticsl crimes of his parent might bade
been, ties- son had nothing to do with them.; and
hastederstood that he was at present proscribed by
his family, heceuse he halshjored their politics, and I
attached himself to the principles of Liberty and ai-
'fOrie.-7(.lpplousel • t• • ; 1
Iiir;NVIIIIIIART thhught this a crisis of the Mghliet i
!overtone*. For the question to consider was, whil
was the fittest person to,supply, the place of the truly
great M4II whose lolls was so deeply to be lamented
by, the Electors of Westminster—by the People of
all Eogland and of the world. To such i raise it Was
the duty se well as the interest of the Electors of
•this great City to.lnek out for some one whose chs.
,racier was known—whose conduct could be- relied
Vett. • Sech was the Gentleman whom he meant !te
pyopole; bat before he mentioned his name be liel.,
the authority of this Gentleman to say, that he elh`..
,preewed the idea of 'calculating upon the rink; ioil.-
Woction or foffuence of his family, as he lookiid oelelYl
110, support to the will o( the People. If Ire were
lei refer to the fete of the great and . patriotic Lotti„.
gese9lp who, ender the, trannicel Geverateerit 4
32/" IL. dill} "99f! iiitCritifofd ter liberty, it
iii em.rotion a' Nadi" ever to (fiendstiad enai of freM
dim, who wild sot fell to' feel that the conduct 4
Mat distingolshed martyr had a most insp,stant in.
fl enee in prodocine.thst Revolution which all honest
• Diglisamett celebrated as a glorious event. Again,
oh could recollect the contact of Francis Duke of
Bedford, who was always ready to attend the Public
Meetings of Westminster, at the worst of dines, In
Tepper. of public liberty, without revering !heti/me
and family of Russell ? Francis Duke of Bedford
Getter sought for Owe or power, and titles wield be
no object to hire. No,,theerdy object of that great
and good man was the preservation end eiteasion of
the civil and relikilois libeities of 'his Counfryinin.—.
Then as to the present John Duke of. •Hildfird,
it was known that' tits -Glace was among the
very 61st to stint 'forward in fsiner 'of Mr.
Hone, and, that ,SeCh was the vindictive spirit of
a prejodiced„illilworel, contemptible Administration,
thet mil) Grace wes.refosed, in a most eztraordinery
manner, the 'mid Liiatensuee Of the colony of Bed-
foii,'Which was'i Witte usually; held for a•series of
years by some member of his family. But socb con-
duct could •nirt.iiiiffhe mind era Russell. The
Duke of Bedford and family had also, upon ell in-
cisions, supported the election of the Worthy Ba-
ronet in the Clds,. But notwithstanding all those
circumstance', he was authorised to say, that Loa
John Russell, whom he had the honour to propose
as a fit person to represent'thls City in Parliament,
would nut come forniril if not invited end supported
by the voice of the People. .Lord John was, in. '
deed, decidedly adverse to the ides of cresting
any, disotosion smug the independent Electors
of Westminster. As to the principlA and talents of
Loid ltho, both were signally displayed in his Lord'.
ihepiertileeels upon the Sou:tension -of the Habeas
G.•rpos Act. That speech wis, he believed, beard
sad applauded by some Gentlemen then present, who
;geld speak to its merits. The first wish of Lord
ifohn ss 'well as of himself, was to defeat the tool of
the Minister, and he felt that VIA (Nett was not to
be hazarded by any division among the friends of
liberty;- .Therefore Lard John meant to abide byi
the decision of that Meeting. lie thought it proper
to state that, which perhaps was pretty well known,'
namely, that Lord John Russell was i RefOrmiti,l
decidedly iniious' for the re-establiihrhineof Tams.
• nisi Parliaments, and the eztensioh bf tbb tight of
melee ktiffrige.—o(Applauties and hisats.).—lord!
John was also'clesirous and determined to. pressetee
.by all the means inn his powee, the principles of pub.:'
tic economy, as well as to watch, with a vie* tot
controul the dispesitiiit of the present Administra-
• •
tion to arhitrity power, and improper patronage.—
The worthy Gentlemen Concluded .with repeating the
Intentions of the friends of Lord John Russell to be
governed by the will of the People, while they were
convinced that no one was so likely as dist Noble
' Lord to defeat any tad whom the •Ministeetnigbt pot
'forward.
Mr. STURCTIF thought proper to state, that he had
.. , .
nothing to do with the calling of this Meeting, as he
'iiistin no degree consulted. For eleven yessis he
had taken an active port in the proceedings of the
.Electors of Westminster to secure the return of the
Worthy Brironetip the CbeiN' and he had elco ((role*.
•

9

nbci vier whieb gave rite to. this 14 satin: 'Tie obit's'.
06W Was to provide an arittqfatat Iltd/wit ate: for titsch Al
many and without. meaning any allsreepea,for Wk,'
fldlikouse, he coald sot that' him entitled to tl
plate to'which be was Wooed so aspire- Weassairt-
itter ooght to be reOveseisted by a niao like the
'Worthy Chairman, Or Sir Smarm! &min y, pane's-
ing great talents,-tried integrity, lsuri poieticakeipt:
diner:: Mr. Hobhease was ant, to his kn,rawitedge,n4.
that description. Against Mr., liohhoeso .he really
wont to say Nothing, because berknew nothing ,
hint. Until Mr. Kinnaird thought proper to become t
'taudidate for West mi n s ter, he never hear4of.litrAa--' -
house, airl then Mr. Hohhoese became ipospgiSi44o-
- he remembered, In struggling topripos4lllst.
election of Sir Samuel Somilly. Hewoold not goal fi-
a s an other Gentleman indwelling upon Mr.liohhoave'‘'
family, bat hecostd not help recollecting to hit ve hear:.l
the father ionie years shore In .that very room twaH
quite as ardent a speech in favour of public liberty, as,
t at Meeting had that day gears! from the son, and ~.
t e baker arittlili agrolstate. He did ant mean to tsay ;
t at the mllicooduei of the father should be-visited by
t te Meatiog span the son, but it was absurd to tt.i• '
that the recollection of . that misconduct would nu:
Operate against Ibis young gentleman out of doors—
(tries of " no, no —yes, yest")—Re hoped ibt an 014
Eleotor of fifty years experience might be allowed '
offer some advice to klt Fallow-citizens; aC '-
begged the Meeting not to decide at . grace.-

;

,~ ,

~:

Meeting had, indeed, *o occasion to hasten• its decl-
aim, as some monthiramet elapse before an Eigction,
(mild taketplace. It might be said, as it oftiew -
that delays were chingeroes 2,bietlileo precipitin
was generally followed by failures sod the Meeting
should take time for deliberation ill to the person law
it to be choice upon this occasion, and most likely to
rally all the Friends of Freedom shout him, so as teen.
sure victory over any Itliniatetial tool employe
oppose him. ... . .
Mr. PITT followed on the same sideselhottlewAkti
Meeting to take time for deliberations, and not I
' low any tnurping Committee or store! cabal to dirt
a Representative to the Klectots of Westminsterorgl
That number had, he ohservecl„ too long sub:natio*
to the saucy dominion of this miserabha jaws, whiten;
proposition of Mr. Hobhouse to-day was a rank j
The power and presumption, a such persoos outi
to be sit aside, and with that view a Committee. r
a wide and liberal scale, campcehending such, Castt ~
tlemen as Mr. Stitch, Mr. Wishart, and T -
Cartwright, should be immediesoly formed, in
to consider of a truly it nod proper person to s _
sent this great city in Parliament.
.. .
Mr. Wooler being called for,9be Cnvautaw, Spots
cnnsufting that Gentleman, observed, ibot Mr. W.
maid, that he was not an Elector of Wesiminstet,
that he did think proper to intrude himself,.addisig,
loot ,he (Mr. W.) bad enthiug to offer. i
• [Here Mr. Cleary re-entered tiiP firm, 1114 n I pre•
seated e letter In the Chairnisii.l
'Tu. Cumuli AN roar, sod after naking whether tiny
ether 'Gentleman *Med to speak? (to which no

.! •
-• •

I
e

. -

•

..,.

i'
is
t

). •

swag was made), proceeded to animadvert upon oh.
offservations of the several speakers. Ho expremod
his surprfse at the advico given tripod, M
,Stae4*,..eito weak' pervade I ' to:
that is, to do nothing. Sot:he most confetti,
after coming a long journey to attend this '
in compliance with a requisition from several. di;
Constituents, that advise was acceded to, Ike
really think 'that be had come upon a feel errand.
Why, to pause, would be to lose time, which always,'
risks success.—(Applosso.)--In ail cases,• decisioo
should be quick, and action shaityllfollow yule*,
upon decision. Thie,:waa the ,coursti/k. achieve trio,
i0ry....• Tile vitae st pow *which that Meetipgatieembi,
wore peculiar importance to Westminster, to
laud, mud mid to the civilised world. For it iosolve4 a
striates for those principles, which were essen-
fial ti freedom, for the success of which
he bed been contending for twenty-sit; years. Yet
it wig proposed to postpone a decision upon the, pre-
peratioa of the measures necessary to succeed in tech
a 'contest. His friend, Mr. Sturch, was, he ob.
Served, seconded to the advice for delay by Mr. Pitt.
But before he observed upon this Gentlemen's re-
mark*. he must take notice of what he could not,
help calling an illiberal attack apou Mr. flobhoeso,;l
in consequence of the conduct of his father. This
attack indeed called to his recollection Asoptit fatal,
of the Wolf and the Lomb, when the former bein't
determined to destroy the latter, observed, 44'
wars mot you that did me lottery, it was your father.°
So some persons in this Meeting being unable (,) fat
fault with Mr. Hobhouse, tried to wound him throoghl
an allusion to his father. But Mr. ilobhoese wat]
not to be jedged by the conduct of his father;
when a man of good heart and kindly affection, sts,
as were in Mr. Hohhouse, prefereed his p;inciptet
to his father and family, no stronger .test; of
cerity could possibly be imagined. Me.
hoose felt this sacriSce most keenly, and: yet.,he
determined to submit to it for the, sake of liberty
and his country.—(Loud appiatne.)--As. to Mr
Sturelt's objection to Mr. Hobbouto,. on the group
of his youth, that, he apprehended was a ground.
of complaint which would be gradually rentosede:mi
There would be no difficulty indeed in curing 5.44
an e•il, and he (Sir F. B.) folt no hesilstion incurs,
6d .rig to the musty professions of this Getitlemaa. '
*stilton itikettiihat Mr. flobhouse had beets &in.:
nil, the latelo year's. He would anSWer, that
'Gentleman was doing that which every rational ;
wo4l desire to do. Ile had been ,cultivatirg lit
mind; and he. hod _proved by ,hie' writings,' that he
lid not been' bestooing his culture arm a sterilloil,
'Mr. Holthoeee had, indeed; written several wink!
In support of liberty, Of the merits of witioh '
Politic had ample opt eitenity of jodgiog.
Hohhoose was• said to he objectiosable ‘!
the was unktiown •hs political Ilk; but amidst
eOrroption and beckaliding whiefi so often appear,
ed among political circles, it was, in his opinion
an small' recommendation of a moo who offered hip
self for Sony political sitoeion in the gilt of %.
R Oole, that he was unknown in political life--that
had no mistere whatever with those coit•aminatiotp
which disgraced the ',trait mass of politirat 'octet).
—(.4l7p4wees)—lt wee, beiiidet, a greet -recces
nooldatoo. of Mr:Hobhouse,.thst his talents wee of
high order—that tie was able with his pen, as `sell a
fits t••,,,lti•, to eindleato• tl7• rifitse of Liberty.

rid if,

- .

. ,

~,.i,

•
•
1
u,

r`}

,

_:..1

•

-..-

•

• ",


e ;clamour from both favourers and opponents, from Has he Aloft(le4loy ,Pflrhe Meetings, until sl'6•" ' " " was, "are" tee 'mecum -"Ing11 al°app. --7.
,e°. guli recency whieh eam rise to this Misetiag: 'The. objw
min wattle Iltrtureftertitre nau oarsman's I • .
':' woceeding. eduction took piicer 1 nii, Aire he hit Fa: : Via, bettors:) . • .
• ..
- The CHAIRMAN interposed and said, it would be steely, be Anent bit' kneeri to•yira-sad if ha ii tact: : Ste foil'.-".I tbiek a Man, 'with chargesocite
• I ore beneficialto the Cause far which they were as- tieinteof libel...este:Fie: of 4 Bewirre of now Was to provide go **este substitute: foreuch
Hamtp).... ae
_.tials an hie hack. ought to be hear.d."-Ofeer. !) . man, and without. meanie( coy disrespere.for Mc, et •
. -"matted, Collide° with impartiality and fairness in .
tete yes; 'you have all your eyes open to me. It is, .1111 e. •CtegAity.---46 I hate just risen teem ta. 'leek flollibouse he could tot Wok. laim melee to . • -• '
ere Gentlemen who had any thing to say ; •
without` linpostibleeny.thitig I ran say can mislead yene-Wridehed, to Weich I have beet; ionfined timost two Plate trewhich he was Wooed so *eipire. Westlake - • - -:
- Lee hit was impossible theft Meeting could be ate teerefore, lam the more like" tri point out to you months. 'Tire letter that hag been alluded to I have seer ooght to be represented by a man like the so
Wortey Chairman, Or Sir Sammie! &min y, pneatems 'r•
eh • -
eh *Weeny good; or any respect attache(' their those veloorney.deceeveyou, if- y.tie ere tint miaow in my posiessione--if Geotletnene you will make
. . , .
t. • . med nip. Hs hoped that every Gentlemen (at guard. A 6entleman whom raevil-Aa'ier,leiebrielliis room for Me, I will go betneeed bring .bat letter- itig great triedfilename • teg i • us; political,'
~. se r ty,•• aelps:
*bile he was in the Chair) would be beard with day, has proposed .Ii thet-Williain Cobbett be and, if it does not appear to be elte letter of Mr. ribnce: Mr. Hobtroese was tint to his enowtiedge,. , . ..-- •
• ... don: . apprcived of by this Meeting ass fit and proper per- `Ceithetes-4 you .appose that he did not use the that description. Against herleltobhoese. .he melte t'
i nt to say nothing, because beknew uothlogegei • • '''
Mr. Hiner then proceeded :-Ile perceived it re. son to represent the City of Westminster in Pares- words relative to.Mr, Heat, I will suffer myself to met'
1 . red patience to obtain a hearing from them ; ment.-(Shouts of .disapprobation )-The
,question.obe sacrificed on the spot. Let the letter be laid be 4 him. Until Mr. Kin a' I thought proper to become .
...
• I.be•would never suffer it to go forth, that so en- is, whether Welkin Cobbett be fitandproper mee
.fore Ile Man acquainted with Mr. CObbett's hand- Candidatefor Westatnin:tner,heomerheardofeerelleo. 4
. • a - t
tenetraiessembly, convened for the purposes dela to be nominatedis a Representeive of this cite ?---, writing, and, if he does not declare it to be writteo house and then Mr. Hobhouse becames - h eat •• -
angel:died, he rem bereft, In struggling tpoiMp 'll' *°.
a' . '
o , d beeteimd termed to hear an Englishman. Soule* (' He bee a—:--41,'.1:fi o. 6 one 'ortite Eledors.)-Tlie by him, let me endure your° heaviest displeasure.-
, •
that. great assembly; composed of ;the Electors of 'Chairman Sent telt you, themee. yew doe 't appear to e /Irmo, deedry!')-eLabouring as lam under election ofSirSamuel B.omill Haoroted netgosiefi: .
[•• Veltmineter, weed lend an ear to what he wished to believe it, that this is the question, moved asso sicknesee.it- is not in my power' to address you asenothefGentlemanindisetringupon etretobhoore, )
oddities' te them Gentlemen ought by this time to 'amendment to a precious question. William Cob- innger."-(Mr. Cleary then forced his may from the family, bat hecoold not help recollecting to ease beer:. - ,e .
e, • lave karma his character too well---(Loud laughter bett bas claims on your generosity. Ile is aq slim room) the father Male years shire le that very room iaake
•-•. • istorruption)-to suppose that, were the els- from hie enema land-(' tie ran -a !He di- sir: rentii*eer. rose to explain.-Alt they were quite as indent 'speech in favour of pectic liberty, 44 . . .
i 1 , • . .
.ry .
. t‘earteu times es great, he,would be put doom by it. *cried his post r
fromnanny voices.)-He did not met for the investigation of truth, every effort ought tat fdeetleg had that rley &Aril from the met and As ' ..1 •
F. They bud called upon the worthy Baronet to Pre- runaway-he *as driven away by the tither nethat to be made to prevent the dissemination of falsehood. t e father emeasi apostate; Ile did ant mean toisa e ::; • '•'
i • .. vete PM. person most likely to eemmetel adees eery man who is now opposed to him.- (Direapro- An obeetration bad been made on what belied state* tat the trillicoaduet of the father should be iisiteBl trt
7.:
...; ~..eittil, if was. 141.414 e that • fair bearing botion.)-I will endeavour, Gentlemen, to t.. 11 you which was extremely erroneous. Every person me tto Meeting epee the son, bet it was absurd to '?'is;- '' • '
.. .la !Meet! to everyone. It wet impoesible •it she ?hit Mr.Cobliett is.-(i We with ,to-knots nothing. quainted with the arts ote f debate beiew, that the Wet teat the recollection of . that misconduct. Wesid n '''.. •
"'•• . .
,
- ~ •
:4 : 41' . • lea .:place in filet reein three or tout sayings Otte. I; will give him all the support in my part of what bad been said-and WS coarm had been (lC desof *4 no, no -yes, yeti".)-He hnpsteibotee ell -' , -
' - •'•• •' ' ili ' "'IRA „tit Clatettere of i ride • h'ed 'Poweeetood.l sin equally ready to assert, that you pursued with reference to him. He stated, and *tester of fifty years experience might be ettemerk, ..•
e‘l, o•o
. • .
,their peoceedrage,,..ittie 'Oplapellee elte. will erodein.William Coblaelf, Wyee are inclioed to• meted eery. distinctly, that be had no particular offer some advice to kit Fellee.citizens • eht.em . ' •
s 7 :In leave the chair. .41... object;, of !lid Itlie, le most (althea' Repeettiestiative..2(Geeet preference for Mr. ilotthoose-bat that, W Mr. begged the Meeting not to deckle at e ' ef4 •
. . • •. acee. ••
-
.. s lentan who had itd.treellaed 040 in clemotaeoe-Geoderfien, (mid sir. Hirai, 1.444 et Habbeeee concentrated within ,those giros. Meeting had, indeed, *o occasion to hasten. es dee/. e.. .
f
' -4istebs of eloquesee, and of
as
who had i his watch) tradestions; on • Very. merrily, sodollege ties that were likely to be serviceable to them, he Mon, as some monthrmast elapse before an Election •'-*
; lir . o 1 4..„segmAto be:sath he was ready.. not tired. lam sorry
' •••• -fig ` telea . "if yoe ares ,
.The reoggeeeetis \eseght to be tbe person elected, for, if another coed taketplace. It might be said, as it oleo's was, •-: -
...- Ire I trafteeede It bad been. well seid. of omelette Interco atidlou will lame" auitiVit tea_ owertee Weee take°, he feared it would lead to din- that delays were dangerous 2,bee.theo precipiteeot : •
: .c.... 1. ' Melon' wee siteie ,weakness. They had your reentry, as well for tke444l eitu will givititie. Onion, seddisenion, in most cases, produced defeat. Was generally followed by failures ead the Meeting -.
''
lailleefrere[taithtiatte that eision bad nearly day, Di for that which yott-,Will Netermine on when •••:. (deer !)-fie now wished to speak a word re- should taketime for deliberation esti) the person mos.
~
.9 ~ ,
: :.... : fOrirt Ore: election .of the Worthy C.lo.4renee thoperiodsof•contett eraleelle• -Tell being the mete lathe to a Gentleman (Mr. Hobhouse) who had re- fit to be chosen upon this °camera, and most likely to .- '
-•• 'elf. Itis friends had solicited him forpermission you ought to hoar whit t:lmeetto effetAte (moor of ' coolly quitted his plere. -V' That's more than his rally all the Friends of Freedom shout him, so as tome; e
,-. Peopiete -bite at the erieeting.-,(Cleieoer.)e-Aia Mr. Cobbett. I believe 1t s. speed pm' all bands, fulltdr mill do" from an Elector.)-Witb that Gen- sure victory over any Ministerial tool employed o •: • .
• serer mot, that if they could get no other man to teat he is a great character-that be Is inferior to demo he weaunscquainted-he could not therefore oppose him. .. .
- .
46d die dentine for -le', flays against Sir Murray no man see political writer. If be be retureed for be his pek .14, Some persons in that coons had al. Mr. PITT followed ou the same aidelezhortitse tie ,-':°-
e• I!eliilic "was at their service; bet if any other Westminster, se I contidently.bope *he willse4oti l• laded to tither. This he could" say, that what. Meeting to take time. for deliberatiee, and not •seef se ... •
.6; .erheie opinionsend principle' were known think he will inset with your sopped-yew willtiliod e'er Chte letiesi crimes of his parent might battle low any usurping Committee or secret- cabal to A 1..; - '• '
~
od ePpeoeed, offered himself, in Get/is name let him endowed with.abilitim to terse the publican'', been, the son had nothing f
or do with theme and a Representative to the Electots of liefesiminatereee 1
;of him iuterfere. If any one, unequivocally (befriend equal to those by which your enlightetiodLimir., haeraderstood that he was at esent proscribed by That number had, he observed, too long submitted .i.*
es Nab People, was proposed, he would immediately man is distieguished (Disapprobation) Aye,.l ply io lika family, hectuse he hal shjored their politics, slid to the saucy dominion of this miserabee junta; white. s
1 nk all personal eensiderations, and tabour hard for -nod no bad compliment . pair' to the Chairman attached himself to the principles of Liberty and Re- proposition of Mr. Hobhoute today was a rank jib, s
•. . -
sm. th the great tense.-(Loud applause.)-Ile had either-(teuelsecr)-Yea will 'And him in English. *feria.--(.lpeleu*sel • " The power and presumption, a such atersees ouelet. '.
'Seri alga told by his friends, that certain enemies of man-and, I will say,'
sepetior in intellect, to • 'Moe Wisneeir 'fraught this a crisis of the highest to be set aside, and with that view a Committee,' . • •
• a intended to propose a Gentleman who went the any mail in the country.-(' Peter Porcupine is lelpertence. For the question to consider was, who a wide and liberal scale, comprehending inch 'Gee.
' all length of his principles in opposition 'to him.- his proper name.; Why du you speak of. .ifei? ems the fittest person toeupply, the place of the truly tlemen as Mr. Stutch, Mr. Without. 'sad ;sitille.
• Noise anallidemption..)-They had listened to avert-. you knew he ,an array.' )-I may now be pore great man whose lose was so deeply to be lamented I Cartwright, should be immediately fortatelteee-order •` e
• . tiler Gentleman for three quarters of an hoar, cer- • meted to. speak of a fact that took place at the bathe Electors of Westminster—by the People of to consider of a truly fit nod proper perms ee.repre
2 . • .
sill of much grater eloquence. than his. • Mani. last election. You will recollect, 'Gentlemen, all a Righted and of the world. to tech it CM it was sent this great city in Perlienreet.
bserestiona had been made bi precediag speakers, the serious attacks that were made on me eldest pe, the duty as well as the interest of the Eieetors of Mr. Wooster being called Goethe Co43algAw,Ogo
• : hiCh.hadeustly metwitleseeet teklaele-7het he felt. tied-whether properly or improperly I will not stop .this great City to.liralt out for some one whose ohs. ennsufting that Gentleman, observed, Met Mr. W . %
to be his duty to tail ittenileu ot,the Meeting to examitte. .Searcely an 'iudisidual hears me, pare meter was known-whose conduct could be relied , aim, that be was oot an Elector of Westminster, mid • •
0 este• of the principles !Kidd-owe,- - esitich appeared ' ticularly &mirage thorn connected with the Wile open. eSech was the Gentleman whom he meant ell :that' he did think proper to intrude himself,.addieg, 's
. • .
• o him to be Most objectionehle-end on which, Press, who does not remember a letter, purporting, propose; but before he mentioned his name be 61(1110ot ,he (Mr. W.)bad tiothiug to offer. ,
• . aKqiently, a great. peek assembly ought nut to to come from Mr. Cobbett, having been ealtibitedoe. tee authority of this Gentleman to say, diet he de."
•[Here Mr. Cleary re-entered the room, an I pre. ) ''•
' - • e'elf-be were correct, asGeetlesaan (Mr. Theis the Hustings. Iwthet Wrier my character was spoken peeeated the idea of 'calculating upon the rink, look seated e letter to the Cheirnetiee
walltboother end of thittebleewho had addreised of in very disrespectfuleterms.
That letter was read. fifteen or hifluence of his family, at he braked setetlY :Tile Cuisine Mt mow, and after asking whether 'toy
heel it mach eloquence, hsd said, " let the son the Hastings to insult me-but even prove to yeti for support to the will o( the People. If Ire were other:Gentleman wished to speak ? (ern "which no an. I
irst na ell, for the sake of. unanimity,
1
Ile agreedeo.". lebatit was a forgers !-(Cries of ' Oansaponlli and to refer to the fate of the great and .patriotic Lord serer was made), proceeded to animadvert upon the
% • Oncier " ga, Nd!") litelfould repeat Oils weniss ;greet ciamour.)-Fair pity, Gentlemen (said nr..Pdisr)lp who, ender the, tyrannical Gevertareent of, •eliservations of the several speakers. Ile expressed •
• .
• Ti
rielelsid's trams . goat Me. leave* ailpi. fee God's &aka give the Jergiefeels desire. 3erlesel I. Ai et opol
,t 1) gertirol4 fr liberty, her bit au rpase at the advice given etiyne, Mr. " •
e . • ant •PrOliosedeefe hire 'be tefi'Oetekt if 'Pie etegie in question was dwell Boiler, ehe elOtb oft at Wolk* te settee ever to iltilfribetti DT free.' Stan*, .who wand persubde I
ter SOW
s otreeltrece." Clessce disteopeofredoh.)-seireelliethlw this.. April, 1809, slid was addressed to Mr. M. right. sd6m, who meld sot fell to el that the cotidect of thine', to de nothing. Bathe most confem, tees if,,
• time esistate of his or not, he would nOttiartaltia• •:The passage which anodes to me is as follows :- 'that dietingebbed martyr hid a most impotent in. after coming a long journey to attend dais *eating •
f• • Butehe Wits Wrist glad la find, that such a. tenement, dlt is inseoseete for both fere", „abed so ealoosatie stir ' d •enee in prodoclowthat Revolution which all honest .in compliance with a requisition from (mull. of bin
, steeetipted by the speaker, would not be supported motives if we proceed us wrought, and do not mit web menet Kitglialmeo celebrated as a glorious event. Again, I Constituents, that advice was acceded to, lie should
ihtn,l f kairrec
rtrid.e.
about There
.iy the Meeting.-(fieor, hear! )-Some of the Gen. it'i countnuilYl, wtfitehßariwstol mss-beware
-thbee 7; free (01 eh could recollect the conduct of Francis Duke of I really think' hat be had come upon &foes errand
. tepee!, who 'ware placed near him, did,'
when Me. another man, having deserted his own. He is ame (Arai_ Bedford, who was always ready to attend the Public Why, to pause, would be to lose time, which always . •
llonhertee was proposed, eitqtere who be was? Mr. neve oothilig to do with blast Adieu! Meetings of Westminster, at the worst of diets, In risks soceess.-(Applosso.)-In all cases,. decision
• iletifeetree did not answer the question-. and he (Mr. s wal. CORBETT.' slipper. of public liberty, without 'revering the tame should be quick, and action sheiteleifetiew quick
•f tie meant, Ist cons!equence, to speak of that
1 4,4 s• The letter WM read on the Hustings by a person °few
GPo• mune of inleers---istrd here is Mr, Cehheles se,Wee in it.- and family of Russell ? Francis Duke of Bedford upon decision. Thisewax the courstiTe. acbieve sic. •
el it with great liberty, great fie/seem,
A-
+ awl, (NI urb chitnour.),Surely. Lientlerue nitro suchen at•ack has
oreu nt.t.ie go ap mei...tenet, you van not be cAsel ereueh to stetter sought for Owe or power, and title, could be torye.•..rist cause opouirhich that :Weenies asee mbled,
. ts :lea
~ . aids greet. moderation.--e Loughter.)- Ro object to hire. Noe queenly object of lbst great wiref peculiar importance to. Westminster, to Eng-
preeiorhim from reef-Moot, whim he boa the opportwnitY.-
. .
trt when Ittilkte4lling such a Meeting, he could nO. in a letter atitlref.sett by Nit.. Cobbett to the lulitor of,thejtfess and good man was the preservation and eiteasirra of land, told to the civilized world.. For it involved. a
eve.. tutee a few queltions to tbb frieode, of the
oot
rerk, h'ot• kola Pod. and which has since been plg..tisbed is tht.
Glupraioufaisterry, the following remarkable obaereetiona may the civil and religious libertieS of his' etiontryinen.-e Motels for these principles, which • were miens e
•
. lie. iihidate-. quistioei that feed tirade beret. put to faunae- • Then as to the pretest John Duke of. •Bisciferd, Oat •tia that freedom, for the success of which 1
while, sod which, 'rho bad .heard, hecerteinly Mid • Nee, alduntgb you (meaning the Editor) would not forge it was known that' his "Glace was among the he bed bete contending for twenty-six years. yei
•
febrile(' to attsweree-( Much tileappeoballqn):---It bill a'f 'ip timiwe is ilorpose I cl,,cltre' that you have reptils- ~
Heeltr'artieleere- "• 'Mr. CAMb'ett, mid Ur. Hoot. hear Minded --7 first to seam' 'forward in teener 'of Mr. it wet proposed toposeinne a decision upon the, pre-
bees demanded, who is Mr. llobbouse?" and be to the replihticatiZin America, of the letter read on the .11a.t. Hone, and, that ,such was the• vindictive spirit of partition of the measures necessary to succeed in such
'cora follow lip that. question. by another. Mr. trigs. te alreeteary.e-I declare (continued me. Cobbett) the a prejodiced..4l4enti, contemptible Administrations, a 'coolest. His friend, Mr. Starch, was, he ob. . .
with
any
onztr,a(,inztzty,...
df.meacciinte hAerg.
italerettibrwooriee.
floisernase had said, be was not connectedtheeft.:l'r= thiA 44 'Grace wesoefeued, in
,a most estraordinse keved, secoeded lo the advice for delay ey Mr. Pitt. ,
of :the great families-nor had he any crentratioe Pe't'e of Is ttlaitif). of having forged tit letter-or, which is unaticr, the linedLiestenaace 4 the county of Beds But before he observed upon this Gentleman's re. . ,
whatever with any persons likely to bias his di. e). the eerie. in point of baseness of havfrig obtained it from a bill' roiale''Which was 4 'plate usually held for a•series of mark*. he must take notice of what he could not
.. .•
who Se forged it-nod which man, he well keen to'have been
, . 'igen, or to alter his priocipleo But the name did guiltyw of forgive mv. name and writing, for a fraudulent par- years by some member of his family. But melt con- help calling an illiberal attack 'POO Mr. HObhOddiet
•
,
4,pptar to him peculiarly unfortunate-ominous in OtweereaDe teem,' -(Vere ereat.dieurbeacee duct could •lot *iiiefthe mind of'a Russell. The in consequence of the conduct of his fatber. Tait
••. ' ilelkelllreme. Ile would slate his reason for think- Sir F. Llertazere.--!" I felt honoured
.hy being Duke of Bedford and family had also, upon elf 'be. attack indeed called to his recollection Atopts fable, , ie.,
es.
e" olratet lie wished to know whether Mr. Ifni:house placed in the sitgation of 'Cbairetan-dstat the duties onions, supported the election of the Worthy Bs- of the Wolf and the Lamb, when the former , being • .
its' : dieli- lay .relaKie of Sir Benjamin Holaimisse?- of that situation I cannot fulfil, unless I• am sop- tempt in the Chair. But notwithstanding all those determined to destroy the latter, observed, 64 if it
• . et*: Of " Ile is the son of Sir Berjamin.")-- ported by this ?rieeting,--mad.l cap receive ao'effec. circumstance', he was authorised 'to say, that Lord wars ,not you theta! roe lajory, it was your father.''.
•'•-• . ' ;the !• • son of that indivklual, who, alter a puteic teal suppott, except by the silence of aentlemen, John Russell, whom he had the homier to propose So some persons in this Meeting being unable to find .., '
pee' Nibilliee ht the room whim they were now assem. when any individual addresses.them. I impeore them as a fit person to' represent this City in Parliament, fault with Mr. Hobhouse, tried to wound him throogh e
es :•
~• Ed, was in tilled with entlivainsm in the cause of to give their attention to every spitike, '
allnot,lay would not come forrieril ir not invited end supported an allusion to his father. But Mr. IHobhouse was •
• ...
1•!: i-horsy, m
that he followed Lord Holland, end begged interruption, to destroy the hammy of the Meeting. by the voice of the People. .Lord Joho was, in. not to be jedged by the conduct of his father; .L :
..•..-
* . leave to kiss his hand, ss a proof of his 'leveller' to I should feel exceedingly ashamed if I trete obliged deed, decidedly adverse to the idea of creating when a man of good heart and kindly affectien, a., s! ....,.::::
hole PrilltipitS which his Lordship bad so power,. to quit the Chair before any resolution is adopted ; any, invention smog the independent Electors as were in Mr. Hohhouse, prefereee his principre ee.
,e..,*
";-.. 1 . ,e..../e-e.
,e.., eete supported !-What 1. was he a son of that Sir but thisi must do, unless I can preserve silence.- of Westminster. As to the principlthand talents of to his father and family, no stronger .test: of ,
Betteamin, who, six weeks after theeday when he Silence, it is evident, I cannot preserve, to:1Mo I timid Jelin, both were signally displayed in his Lords eerily could possibly be imegifft4. , Mr. 1 is, . ,•: ....,,,
. siad thuscooducted himself, fo t all his rofessions am aided by entry individual here. •
rgop i .
,c , e.,
Mr, eieues ed. ittiple.spreeta upon the Sotpensban sof the Babes, home felt this- sacrisce most keenly, and: yetelie , . s .1,
end enlisted under the banners of a most profligate dime would probably have been at an end long tieleare Cerpos Act. Teat speech was, be believed, beard determined to submit to it for the sake of tiberty, , 4
Ath•inierAtion ?_oluch di,approbation.)—•• Gen. this, If he had been suffered to proceed witberat ine alai applauded by some Gentlemen then present, who and his country.-(Loud applante.)-AL to Mr, :ti
lie
Centen," mid Mr. Hoot, 44 if I speak at all,.
I must terroption. It will surely hem a more respettifite coeld speak to its merits. The first wish of Lord Swedes objection to Mr. Hohhoue., on the grout : e.e.
uffeeill do my duty. Otherwise it is tweets for me sppearaoce in the public eye, if we proceed Tyros John, ss Well as of himself, was to defeat
the tool of of his youth, that, be apprehended was a around
.. :'•
. to.sppeir amongst you. I ask of Mr. ilobboose's tarty, Aso if the Meeting be broke up, ip CRUM. die Minister, and he felt that Val tibjett was not to of complaint which would be gradually removed...hi
,;* 1;:;:
- f lends whether• he is the son, or any relation, of queues of noise end centesion, without sttaiiiiing gray be hazarded by any division among the blends of There would be no difficulty indeed in curing 5Vle .
~,,e..
_... • .... vs el.
'hets-Slr Benjamia Ilobhoese who was, for so long aof the objects for which we bate been cOaliiimpool - liberty;- .Therefore Lord John meant to abide by an toil, and he (Sir F. B.) felt no hesitation in,con, ~t e,
p Chairman of the Right Hon. Wam Pitt's (Great applause.) . , . , the decisinn of that Meeting. lie thought it proper fidirtg in the "tasty professions of this Gentleman. it
, ... • ,
Comm,mitteis ?-ls he connected, by Wood, on that Mr. HUNT then said, there was, loVr. tethltetes to state that, which perhaps was pretty well knees,' etedtreinviiikeiteratit Mr. flobhouse had beets doina ~i, . e
air Benjamin Hobhouse, who deserted the cause of published letter, a great deal more on the gisepie AO- namely, teat Lord John Russell was i • RefOrmeie for the Welt) yeari. He would answer, that that •
iiherie, and enlisted under the banners of slavery ? jute-he meant pnebe eeterci topetied epop le she decidedly internee for reeetabliihihineor U.N.. Ceetleman was doing that which every rational ee
Is be the son of that Sir Benjamin Hobhouse, who, epistle reed on the Hustings at the last ElecStri ,p. 'nial Parliaments, and the eztensioh id the tight of woe!' desire to do. Lie had been ,cultivating' hi e • -
for many years, received fifteen hundred pounds per, would not, however; take op more ap.ahe Hipp ipethe, mender Isoffritga.--(Applaules and hissts.).-:Lordf mind; and he had _proved b 7 Aim writings,' that he e -
ann. ot the public money, as one of the -Commissions
Assembly, but,once for all, awed to. ibini, whether John was also' esirous and determined to. promote& "hid' not beery bestoeing his culture open a steril•Ooil...s.
era for enquiring 'into the debts of the Nabob of .he had not tepelted, this charge. He had pfene the. ;Veit the mimes ie•ble pewee, the principles of putie Mr. Holtheeee bed, indeed; written. several works - -
C, Arcot?-(Approbation.)-Let these questions bq violent attacks made on him, if net meekly,:at hoist tic economy, as Will as to watch, with a vie*, tot in support of liberty, or the merits of witiob th e..
fairly answered. If they are not, it will be curious, very patiently-bat he should be considered void of centres' the disposition of the present Administras PoNtic had ample opt ertnnity of judging. Mr.
. • since the lion. Gentleman himself expressed his will- all feeling, if, Writes been accused in this way, and 'lion to Welters.' power, sod impsoper patr?mage.- 1 tiohlinase sims• said to• he objectionable 'because ,• •
. ' :in 'noes to answer any question that might be ad. having- theeneges Of contredicting the assertion, he The worthy Gentleman Concluded .with repeating the the was unknown •lo political life; but amidst the -
stressed to him. It has been very properly tall, harl riot meat fairly forward anti defended
himself.-- intentions of the friends of Lord John Russell
• so he eerruption and beckalidieg whiele so often appear. . •
that, because the father acted improperly, It was not Ile meant new to conclude. He loeked upon Mr. governed by the will of the People, while 'beywere iid alterig political circles, it wine in his opinion .
. • .berefore to be supposed that the son would proceed Gobbed as a most fit and proper person to represent convinced that no (Me was so likely as that Noble no bitten recommendation of a.man. who offered him•
et the same Course. This was very properly pot- Westminster in Parliament.-j of uch digapproodiun ) Lord to defeat stay total whom the•Ministerenight pot self for 'any political situation in the gilt 44a .
Pr inyle, that he was unknown in plaice' life•-thel-0 •;,-
! and I, for one, join in the opinion, notwithstanding -elan' word more and he had done. °Fle;Pled.ged forward.
the contrary appears to be countenanced by the gees. . .
himself to- prove, that the persons who had Itin con- . elle Several thought proper to state, that
.he had had no miaterewhileter with those coloominatieee
had nothing to do with the calling of this Meeting, as he' which disgraced the `rest mass of politics' 'eraser .
' • _tot which I profess, that the sins of the father ought cert,ed its the forger/ which he Lid ren4.1.1/.• ,had
-net to the viol os his children. But let sus know privately entivortiored to take sea/ his eifiesee(Gries wit- in no degree consulted. For eleven year's he -(Apigoutes.)-It nee, Weibel, a greet teoosp.:.
.. •
1," and muc4 du appro4atet9• had token an active part in the proceedings of the nradatiet. of Mrilobhoute,•that histalents wecof -.
... ' obit this Mr. llobboese, uow before you, has been of " Wolf, sties . i
.. 4iiihefor the fast ten years of his life? Let us Mr. CIA-ALT thew ruse, evidently. s9B:l)lffifi under -Electors of Westminster to secure the return of the high order-thee lie was able with les pen, as. II a. :. •
• ss 1e1,0,,ef, urea ifoopeoissee. He sail,
,after whet bee WWI Worthy Baronet in the Cbaire and he had alio iorleie tes eeotie, ; o vindleates tee (-nese of Liberty.- Li.
......
.. , enow what he has been abeto while the E . , - . ; •
..... Y • • 4
.. .
1%. ~..., . • •
- .
••• - • • 5...
A
