THE §T?,‘ ;Ts,

Aug time of the who fre
boasts ors the,4irsi alarm. $ return. It would Aptre
liew,pfer rural state iii which the city coati del
en tfla .48d,' cannon plaited at all the bridges and

Yates—with matches lighted—the soldiers under arms
•
t—the housei aTi sfint:--and for the greater past aban-
doned by theit intontes—Lthit 60 • oofidesce was re-

The leadereof the insurgents are Juan Martin. aid
Francisco. Paolo Simon da Silva. The filmset is re-.
`resent/far the military chief, who is lately returned
from He is the brother of the Martin who wait
.st the head of the last revolution in that place, and
,who suffered death. Da Silva is- a priest, and di-
recta the political movements of the revolutionary
Where. The troops already under theircommand are
stated to amount to 3,000, 'but the forces expectri to
join them how other quarters would form an aggre-
gate of Hi,ooo. • A revolt is said to have taken place to
the southward, 'near Cape St. Augustine; and likewise
to the. westward. The next intelligence frosts this
quarter will probably be important. A few days be-
foie the wailing of the American vessel which convey-
ed the intelligence we
.now communicate, the whole
part, which was entrusted with the defence Ono
'important fort at Enico Foams,. snatched oWto a inele,
officers and all, with their baggage, and weatliver
to the enemy. ,• .

;;

N.

-72 W 41 - .is-
igreate easure. After Alliiiii iiiie idficetn whteh I
greatest
.linlitialed• for e,ix years, a new elertiop listO lakes pipe
thaw*, to introrktce other indivOwsis, in consequence,
of which he (Lord'lklelville) no longir remained amenit
the number of their Vice Presidents, but this gave him
an opportunity of proposing• the. bealtik-af4h4Cissii.;
viduals so. elected, who, he doubtrultetre would use
-their best exertions to promote the in of this In-
stituti9n.
The toast was drank with the usual honours. The
Treasurer then reported the- sobscriptions which had
been received, and which amounted to 2161. Age,—

:Other contributions were announced in the course of
the evettin,, whirl) made the total little short of 300f.'
The Standing Committee of the Institution."—
" The Corporation of the City of London."—" The late
Vice-Presidents," and " The Stewards," were among
the toasts which succeeded, Theta were drank with
great applause.
Mr. Lanett atldrossed the meeting with much anima-
tion and humour in furtherance of its views. A Scots-
titan, he observed, like a steam vessel, could proceed
manfully throng') wind and tide. Stilt, however, the
machinery might fail, anti it womb! be hard indeed if,
in ease of shipwreck, 4000 of their fellow conntrymen,
with the First Lord of the Admiralty at their head, did
not come to their relief.—(Applause.)
A great variety of appropriate songs and glees were
snug by the Professional Oentletnen iu attendance, and
in the course of the-evening a Highland Piper, .clad in
the full costume of his country, marched through the
room, and played several Scots melodies with much
brilliancy and effect.
' Among the entertainments of the evening may be
mentioned the Grand Union Violincello, which was
played upon by a performer from.Dunder, who is entirely
destitute of sight. Ife made use of his feet in order to
elicit notes front a bass viol, while he played the violin
with his hands, and uyon the Pandean pipes with his
mouth. This extraordinary performer exhibited to a re-
markable extent, the results of incluetry and ingenuity,
although deprived of the neost valuable of the senses.
About half-past ten o'clpuk Lord Melville left the
Chair, which was afterwards taken by one of the gende-
men present ; and the evening was spent in the highest
cordiality.

Hovel. %et's:vv.—Yesterday being St. Andrew's
Day, the !royal Society held their Annual Meeting at
their apartments in Sonierset-place, when the Presi-
dent, Sir Hanipliry Davy, Bart., after an appropriate
adzes„ presented., in the nantrof the Society, two gold
medals (called Sir Godfrey Copley's) one to John
Fredeiick Wm. Fkrschell, Esq., for his mathematical
and optical papers printed in the Philosophical Trans-
actions, the other to Captain Edward Sabine, for his
observations on the magnetic needle and pendulous
wade during the Fate rnyage to the Arctic Seas, pub-
lished in the same work. Afterwards the Society
proceeded to the choice of a Council and Officers for
the ensuing year, when, on examining the lists, it ap-
peared that the followlevg fleetlensen were elected :-;-
0/1116 Din COUNCIL.—Sir llatnphry Davy, Bart.,
W. T. Brande, Esq., the Loyd Bishop of Carlisle, Taylor
Combo, Esq., Davies Gilbert, Esq., Charles Hatchett,
Esq., J. F. W. Herschel', Esq., Sir Everted Thome,
Bart., John Pond, Esq., Win. Hyde Wollaston,
Thomas Young, M.D.
Or TuitNew liouYett..—?he Earl of Aberdeen, Mat-
qltevr BaiNie, M.D., John Barrow, Esq., B. C. Brodie,'
Esq., Wm. Hamilton, Esq., James Ivory, Esq., the Mar-
lquess of Laasdown, Alexander Marco, M.D., Thomas
Alardoek,Zsg., Sir ltobt. S.ppinga. Keight.
AND rue Orricatte--President, Sir Humphry Davy,
Bart., L.L.D.
TRICASWILDer—DavieI Gilbert, Esq.
Sot airratites--Wne. Thos. Braude and Taylor Combe,
Esqrs.
After the erection the Members of the Society dined
together, as asual. at the Crown and Anchor Tavern,'
in the Strand.

' Yeeteretay bring the Anniversary of St. Andrew,
the Thaler Saint of Scullion,: **very respectable com-
pany assembled at the house of Mr. Ramsay, the
Angel, Broad-street, St. Giles.'s. At five ,'cluck a
very excellent dinner provided for the occasion, was
served upin the best style, and reflected great credit
On the liberality of the worthy loo)t. On the cloth
being removed, the following toasts and sentiments
were drank, and several appropriate song• were sots/
in the coarse of the evening:—' The King," with
four. " St. Andrew of Scotland." " The Immortal
Memory of Burns," it respectful silence. " The
band of Cakes," &c. Messrs. Brian', King, Ellis,
Waring, fee. delighted the company with some excel-
lent songs, 'which were loudly applauded. Uninter-
'opted harmony prevailed during the evening, and
She company departed highly gratified with the enter-
tainment afforded them.

The genuine Speech of stigand, Archbishop of Can-
terbury, at the head of the Men of Kent, to William
the Norman connnerer :
" You are aecosted, I Ilestrions General, by the Men of
Kent, who are ready to submit to your !love-mascot, pro-
vided you will make proper concessions to their most
equitable demands, being such sort of men as are deter-
mined to retain that liberty they have received from
their ancestors, together with the taws and customs of
their country ; neither will they be reduced to a state
of servitude which they never experienced ; or melon
a new legislature, for they can bear a reAal but not a
tyrannical authority. .With their liberty, therefore, un-
assailed, their ancient lows and customs reserved to
tbalirreeelve the Men of Kent, not as a parcel of slaves,
but lishjectsattriehed to you in loyalty and love. But if
bou attempt to deprive them of their freedom, and the
ansmsity of their laws, you will deprive them of their
livis also : for they had rather engage with you in de-
termined battle, and fall ender certain enemies, than in
seaport of Justice sender certain laws. Nor though the
rest of the Ktigrrsh can suffer slavery, to be free le the
rtine" of the Men of Kent. Four thinr should never
m—fstuiliaritv with Princes—the caresses of wa-
llies—time smiles of our ettemies—nor a warm day in
winter; fbr these things are not of long duration. The
body is a case wherein the soul is put, like a sword in a
,lealibard; it is the sword you should value, not the
scabbard."

filialliT Estatasir.—The following advertisement for
kI eV that had been lost, is copied from the Jersey
Peri :
al Lose.—Dere awe bin lose von doge, dat vill reap,"
to de Appel of Outre, he is het win de couleur of de wit.
laud te. bruin, dere is bent he vas delay by some personne
oes propos, as be vas.vont by de oner on monthly wept
Ur to come to de chas u he vas kir, vere vas de hairs.
.--Aplie of tie oner it de Printure."
j A Ikme Wrze.=A voutig woman, within twenty
Mlles ofetylesbary, was this month christened, married,
. .
!delivered of a Child; the avid christened, dead, 104
lharied,. all withik seven days—a busy week far ti.
[Amity and, pation.;-4.andthighanssiiire Chive.)
There nee • at. pieseit. in e garden at Flails*. 'ripe
fis" pbeniei, caulilloiveysond large white roses, aU.
pi in 0 itedity,t9 iiiiyesnal!y seen in the awe** of
..Awns Jolly.'
... .;
... .
. ...
.:. ,„. ~..:. .}=

" • •
1

‘4"

• • ;.J

r ~a. L,

- 2t% - •

ir • •

• .

LONDON:
PATURDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 1,
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE o'opt.' •
Business to-Jay is as usual oo a Soittrday. Comb
at this tine are 78.4 for the nest Account.

, Since noon the itundsbave experienced an enexpeef-.
ed and consitirrable depression. Rumour autibs's this
to a corresponding sadden fall in the Fundaofiltanee,
Aeconnts, it is reported, have arrived this morning
from Paris, stating that the King of France had dia
solved the Chambers; but we cannot trace the re,
moth to soy anthosity.

The intelligence received from *deed this mercy*
jag is still of an enlisting kind. Owing to tempestseet •
weather. there have been no other arrivals
Thirteen. foreign mail* are at pr, slat due.

Extract of a private letter from New York, received
this morning, dated Nov. 1 :...11asiness in this city is
very tlourAhiag. Property is on the rise; hardly a
house to be procared, and rents, of coarse, awe id.
wincing. All thews things denote the flourisbiag state
of this town ; and for a number of years I have net
seen so much prosperity is *his city, or more geserat
improvement throughout the United States.
From the Philadelphia Papers to the 30th October*
received yesterday.

COMMERCIAL. '
111:111711ER YARTICCLARs uP liiE NTIIIOII, saw taltßAlll4

at;co.
, By letters by the British packet of Sept. 8, tbe Lit.
tie Cherub had arrived, end the Mohawk from Bthi-
" more, at Rio Jadsiro. The last sales at Bahia was
flour, six dollars per barrel, by a brig from Gibraltai,
The same dry the Nymph lift, them were 2,300 afloat,
besides the Georgetown packet cargo ; sod at Rio; by
letters from the house of Barkhard, 6,000 barrel*
were afloat; price ottominial. There were 2hso4loltemeie
,shout in Pernambuco, end all payments were us-
" Moiled ; but produce still keeps op at Bahia. Tie
:Auterieau trade hes been prohibited. and an mit;
has We. issued to moor a guard skip alongdie of
every revel beariug the American. Punch, and Ham-
burg asp, to peoveut oweggliog. Tim caosequsace
is, the favoured few can go on in the old gate, and the
proscribed, if they wanted to do aey thief, would
have to bribe through thick and this. ft canautshow-
ever, injere our trade tench; besides Auserisane ace not
in the habit of bribing. What effect it may hare on the
French and Hamburgers. those concerned °femurs. will
duly appreciate. The British frigate Doris, Captain
Graham, from Ragland. via Canary, and booed to'
Rio, anchored in the roads the 21st September,. and
at the request of the British merchants would remain
there for some time. The British packet Swift's:v,
was likewise in the roads.

Nsw ORLZANC—We understand the Captain of the
Oeneral Carroll, way Iniprund that as Baglish brig
and a abip bad been stranded near the blalbeared:
I slunk

(room A rutunn.rnin execs, OCT. 30.1
The sickness at Shepherdstown (Virginia) exceeds.
every thing ever known in that place within the me-
mory of the oldest inhabitants. On the 3d Oct. it .
was believed that there was not less than three hen-
deed persons affected with the prevailing disease.--
There is scarely a family that has escaped, and in many
families there is not one well enough to attend the
sick. The common disease is the Ague and Fever. At
Harper's Ferry the disease had not sensibly abated.
and at Rig Lick on the Ist inst. it continued to spread.

[Patin Telt NAI'I4H sitegt.t.tecsear.l .
.„.
The New York Convention, bas, after a long debate,
decided by a vote of 62 to b 9, to extend the right of
suffrage to free people of culotte. This decision
censured in one of the New York papers, and the
Philadelphia papers think the question will be referred,
and the decision reversed.

Among the many rumours connected with the raising
20,000 Militia for the s: recce of this country, it is
said that Ministers are calling out this force, in order
to be enabled to seed off the standing army to irelar.l.
Out of the [leasehold troops alone there could be
spared 4or 5000 men for the expedition; theie could
; be "9111 to IbeSootli of Ireland, eveorted by the Man-
cheater Yeomen, the very same of whom uvula strike
terror into the hearts of the Old women and little boys.
The Dame attach a forte woald at once call up Orange
. , •
energies, and create se mash good. of
demeanour as they did is the year 99.
may-think of a want of ability in Mil
der they ate met yrs bo lest to all se
to invoke the already Meted people'
Sheets' dot sights be called raid! mil
he either t, redoes the staidlig

to
lei

ri
w
t

I

■
nder. and peaceable
19. However others
Ministers, we consi•
sense "of shame, 30 al
Via fresh trouble*.
tl~e~+resept, it mat
mu. y or to wake
