r) to
Liagewl
evel •

i4tigernatire
I.tioc
1 our ....
' toootiou ,
recommend)
1 trod'
4 feCOl
ttodi
"dc
vorsio,
4 stet
4

• Cu,
as fa
once
-that
'Ott,
• *or
•irat.
-Gral
• self
Cortrnri
Te%
nual
tionl
migh,
" 'ate
.ft
-pro

in

ject
the
being

the
litiee,
q uai.
capacii
1111"
11 I
an

Lo,
cen
col'
and
start,
obj
new,
yet
been
tbk
negL
cation
ma;
row
no
tire
new
lent
in.'
lonel
despotism,
memor

viction

% '- • * .'4•
1
.. . _•
i--- -•'' wasmonaiie ....... " - - •••••••----------se
On therodeastlin he said, " my searches have Moon
and more convinced me, that the British Parliament •
. , .
have no right to tax the Americans. I shall dot, •
therefore, consider the Declaratory Bill, now 'Ong
on your table; for to what purpose hut loss of aim.,
t'
to consider the particulars of a Bill, the eery bit.
istence of which is illegal, absolutely illegal ; Om: • '
trary tnthe fundamental laws of nature, corneal to
the fandametotal laws of this Constitution ? - A' Can.
stitutisan grounded on the eternal and immutable laws
.. , • '
of-nature; •;lo Constitution whose foundation and
centre is LIBERTY. Nor, my Lords, is the doe. ,5
Oise noway 4 Uig At Old as the. Constitatinti, it grew up
seitlMlCtiellatieed it isits suppott ; [oration null reltre-
obitlarsinsaparnitly utrited ; GOD bath ',tidied
•thetirrisci'Brititolt• Parliament can separate Brent ;° to . .
ondeaviiiir to do it is to stelf out very °Maki My
•positietr is this,—[ reiretAt—l will -maiotteirt it. to
'my last hour. Taxation 'Mk represeViiiiou '4oc in-
separable; this proposition It •_fountlid: on deo lals
, of mitten; for whatever is it man's own is thlidniely
I his eir/R; no matt has a right td take it friala Allot •
lwithout kis consalit, either ettpressed by liiiisatilror : , .
• representative; .who ever attempts to do it; aitemp ' .
can injury ; siho e'er 'does! it, cononits a •robbe y ; .
Ike throws slown,-he'dteothtitt the distinctinii'lleiwoleh * • ' '
liberty and slavery. Taxelon and repfeisatitatto4
`are coeval' lith, and essential to, doh tiki;otite.
tion." - • II '' .- ''
, •
I have-now fulfilled the /SOMA* made inaTorther
letftir,ttthat. Lord CAStriiPr?shOuld ansWer L6rol
MI i..ro riv , When this • you Mt Whlemee vertreasticsal v - .
iasieed, at What preelsteperio&Of.Eto'glish hlstorjr)ttts- .
ationaint reprisnistationt,eleeel• nulled. And dray [ ..
Fit• hot' runetjutleirielort•on • 'ivy:Mend- Wall 4t, In his
mini. -Am 1 net entitledio ken: hills, that dot clerks
to -t representation co-extettifoe VI faint tottlidikki Mx- • .
plastion t)ai:Well as that*, such 9-eiireterttatiok, OM* a
heonsinon eight,-ought, throughout the domaisitity;tifbe
iiiitsallY Attribute(' ;' being. of theessence efsittid*- . .
•
evail with, live'lenettltution, they ' who littetipt `to *
ritignmaise elbeloeileinciples as "ItiktieSilibblitaais- 1'
P:tionfriavirthe 41. tea*, Wen," th4iPlk:iiisfointiNee 'of
',our %lip ? •,' +Ant/ 'voqy 1 Vreet• *Ai' ifterittittaisa I .
tereetiou toot his." Posit' ititenteoffsH tit •prepealf4i in
*recommending, and endeavoatint• ()did 'More tat
_fot . .
troduon triennia Parlitiments,•!e; iii. 13etnioafra4,-Worl
recommending,. and muleeoreenng bire ittisfe-to Mi.
itroduce that which I have Peneed 'to We beenla
" dangetoos in-notatiosto,'!'biatifite nittkisinable itth.4 .
version of the CowititotifittfOarki. etitts4q64atty • "'a
I stab to oar very Shit' ?" *II +•,' . 'l' j 1 l
; In respect of " Lliesnosei,.the •frlend \of , boill"
CHATHAM and Wince, he is equally to beltunthd . .
• as &vowing perfect and imperfect Reform.' !Wing
..
once invited me to Lansolowto-house, htstatoti.fia pt',
-that{ considering the honourable lead which the Mite
'nflitcnitotto had taken in the Metter of Reforra,it .
4..
• would not become him to: a ffeet 04 for6mest Vac? t• ,
but he assured 'Me that he wctuld marCh otith 'his
Graoei aids by' side, going as far as the Odkehielo- "•;' .
•self.• And .In his public Letter t 6 ,tine"" WiltsMit
. .
Committee, speaking of " pushing the right of ifoi *...
.
'people toillts utmost estentf by insisting upon anctan :.
- -...
nualeleCtion, an.ittotid•chasigt of the represent*,
lion," (atleding•tiMte.Ddle's*lltil) that Parliageekt* •
might be •44 feefirtentli and /rally chosent". he lays,
•" therenre MA •ii'fiti foresee More Inconieniento
.
'llion, I confess, ' I -do, in the %thole extent of th.6e
-propositions *." •• . • * •
" The vitteotts Seitail't lit he who first pointekl
out to one the IM%te of Itrogsrowo;as the most likely
-man 'of the then Opposition to act an my ideas. IN-
ilirkplary as the Baronet was for public
,virtue; he was •
in 'es -respect an atstitority in the science, of ftepie‘ . •
itetation. It .Was through fear that ; the letiiiiirle
of his high charter might' gitte durrOney sill se .
erroneous normal,, ebservablefti,•Ms Address to t Ve
Freeholders of Yorkshire, on the"Ath of September,
1780 +,!•I felt myttelf called on, in defence of the
true principles, of representation, to offer to his nn-
lice a fel strictures on that composition, asintojt be
sten •In":lttitores -Remembrancert. On that' sail-
ject Sir Gatlttolt 'Walt in fact, rather the pupil' titan ..
the preceptor of Ms constituents ; wherefnre.lba)t. .. • •
being wrong, be wee wor likely to be right.
1 Such, indeed, is-my veneration for the memory cit
I the Mall, it is only because you injudiciously eatok
it from me, I now say what I do. To put me dowp
in argument, you endeavour to lift up, as authorities', .
other persons who were not entitled to any such dia.
rtinction. There is, however, one proposition in the
representative science, on which I shall be as ready
'es yourself to subscribe lathe opinion of Sir Geortot
ii 'SAME, when, in 1782, he told the House of Cont-
i, mans, that•it "might as well call itself the Repres-
tisentation of France, as of the people of Engle:n(4lg'
Although Mr. Fos, for his generous nature, for
`the sweetness of his temper, end other amiable qua. ,
.
!lilies, was, to all who enjoyed his persohal ac-
quaintance, a singular object of affection, and fzi
capaciousness of intellect, an uncommon !etre.
nary ; yet he had political defects which, on the
subject of representation, forbid us to quote him a 9
an authority.
Notwithstanding every reflecting. man must,' with
-Lord CAmortt, perceive, that 46 the foundation and
centre• of' our Constitution is - LIBERTY," and,
consequently, that n 'Representation of the People,
and a Duration'of Parliament, according to the Con-1'
stitution, ought at all times to have been the primary
objects of an English Statesman's ettycation, a never
neglected part of his study, the vehy root of his pe-4 •
'We'd: knowkdge, and the polar star of his policy i
vet where, and when, have we seen those who hare
been professedly trained up for rulers'of the State, ,
thus initiated in this political science ! Ito the utter ,
neglect of these rudiments of knowledge •in the edu. ••
.
Cation of her Statesmen, our unhappy country, alas ! '
May discover the certain rudiments, the assured i • ,
roots of great and numerous political calamities ! In
no man's early career in Parliament was this defect-
tive education of an English gentleman more conspii.
cunus, than in that of Mr: Fox, who took a promi-nent part in those repeated debates, and those via- .
lent resolutions of the Howse of'Commotos, 6y which, . e '
in.the several contests between Mr. Wit.% es and Co-
tone! Lemaec, that is, between free election and .
despotism, the principle of Representation was so" .
memorably outraged. . • .
.
Snbseluent• conduct, Weed, manifested a con. ,
viction of this error; ;but sit nesgriutly proved that
y .
. .
• Wysill's Political Pap. IV. 133. • $ Ito. .
1 LX• 9.3. .t. Wyslirs Pollt.'Pap. I. 465.
. • .
