•
TH it STATE-010y

.1

11111.664-4-- s'-eul''
.. LAW INT.EiLiGithiCE.
teeed into a Treaty tti`teture the posseseinn of 11115 r. . kelt- ]--So now with respect ei, the people of ' . , •
• CRIeRII OF CHANCERY M ii
way to :tredve', anti to employ our sweat force in',!toisrayi wham It was fahelY elated we tier --.-- -.
the attainment of that object. This was the ' firer' hound by A Treaty to sterver luta com I' p fence, was •• . % AY
. ._
time that he had heard any nation couldl ) i 11l I itself an act of tyranny rt.:kir-see -had ever been the in. , e ".... e► 'seem/ 6,0;14,1700% '• " , 1 ..,.
to an act of tyranny and isijustice.,—No doubt if a strulnessis tit_ ee.
,•pose.. 'Starvation was, inefact, the, al '4e:eerie* -ern . .
. .T: DI,: onaoLLO AND OTHERS n.OARCIAS. : -Shit
Treaty wits entered Into,. r:hether lucon,yestient Or Only -way' war was to be made ilea three:: Sir SAMUEL It . OmILLY, supported by Mr. lIART and ot4trit
reortms„ •we • weee • torenti. to abide 'by its stipule- unfortunate people. Tho.e.k. .r • e , e
--.....n.mtsorrierliad : Mr. WINTHROP, moved for an order to be directed • eirillence
tots. If we had undertaken to pay a sum of rue:erre no Comm rc e .e,..t0 which our efforts could he direct-:.lo the Defendant, requiring him to pay into Court Oliver,
if the I ( shilling was wrung from the pockets or isd
—and now the Ilitvf of England—that Sail the remninder of the value of a cargo retaken on woule
the nation by taxes, it ought and should be paid. If which had swept the seas of - Bap. bad i
we-hasbundertakeit to give to'Sweden commercial ad. the world—so great, so glorious, so had triumphants was lists lately by a British frigate which
captured The
irasitages, 'weever incompatible with our own bite. now to he employed iii starving the inhabitants Of this great prize, worth half a million sterling, from cent
tests and posterity, that stipulation ought to be re. Norway into compliance with a demand-inconsistent : two French frigates that had first captured her on her . were
irg:nusly vfortned ; hilt,
no stipulation could be with all moral and natural obligations, end directly voyage from Lima, in South America, to Spain. The and
,%sieditie which was contrary to justice itself.—[lleur, at variance with those principles of which Great prize was brought into Plymouth by the receptors, petite
• t,,q•!]—Who had ever heard that it was right to Britain had at all times "teen the elia.—Ulet.tr, who obtained sentence in the Court of Admiralty, his 7
Ido 'bat Which was in itself wrong,
and whi.h was 1 hcar fl —Here would Gen chorreing~er'ivin which decreeing them entitled to salvage. The owners be- service
Vests ertite of the natural rights of tiatines ?—; to send a Lord Nelson.—[ffeure keg r i]—lt might jog unknown, but supposed to. be. paniards residing in 17
tflear,..iseur 1-11e'deniet. I that it had ever been in ibe said that first-rate ships would not he employed at
drl Madrid' certain Spanish merchants resident in this vice.
Me conlymplation of this country to use force to- ' iii this honourable wiii e . Perhaps, thealsCaptain country, under an alleged power of attorney, or imp+
wairls:rhe!Norwegians ; all that was intended was, I Broke, and hisgallantwho hadhumbled the rather a cope; of such pewee, the original
crew,
to forroVetlinark to cede Norway. to Sweden, and : pride of the American Navy, and le le minutes bad applied to Government with sanction of the Spanish ,of the
'hit had been efortnally done. With respect to the I forced the Chesapeakiloi(lke to his -superior skill, Ambassador and Consul, for libeety.to dispose of the I Ms
Treaty itself, which had been first entered into be...land bravery, would be titbit to assist In . starving' an t, cargo, and secure the product for the right owners
1 ; larged
tween Reeder soil Sweden, and to which Great- independent, free, and gallant nation into sulnrnissionelai•hen discovered. The cargo consisted of diamonds i little '
Bassin bad afterwards acceded, he considered it- and slavery—a glorious reward .for such an Officer— :tliat'Were lost' before the recapture, dollies;iled other land
one milieu, in point of atrocity, had not been 1 a pleasant employment for the naval force of Eoga !AWN-pieces, with gold, &c. and the sem already in , went
equalled b) any former transaction his mankind. i land.:-[llenr, hearn.:-It was in vain to disguise.: the hands of the Defendant, the manager by appoint- sent
—Wear, hear, Varrl-111 confirmation of this : from themselves the truth of this matter. The Treaty , meet of the cargo, and prayed by this nintiou,Wise tow
r,, stark; •it was only' necessary to refer to the ' which had been acceded to was iniquitous and oiliest. -; paid,into Court,was' one hundred and forty thousand
speech of the !Right •Hoteourable Gentleman op- . The stipulations, however,' it du dear,' bad' been pounds. There was an atiegatiew made; but. net
~.
'smite (An' Cutissing), who, although lie had op- complied with, and there was no tie of'hisnour or ' proved, that this ship was die. (seclusive property of
posed the reetimi of his Honourable Friend (Mr. W. ' honesty by which we were hound to donjons than had . Don Carlos 'Ferdinando,- the late Viceroy of Pito,
Wyune), had not heeitated to say, that there was been done.—[(lean, hear!]—We could' arraign who was stated to have died on his voyage back lo
.no sacrifice 'Melt lie would nos,make to be freed ' other countries for their offences—we could be loud - Europe. •
from the• obligations of this Treaty.—These oblige- :in our condemnation of acts of injustice committed. The motion was opposed by Mr. LEACH, Mr.
Lions were, notwithatending their revolting nature,' brother States; but he knew not whether Bona- BELL, and Mr. COItLINSON, on behalf of the De-
.be would repeat, folly performed. Denmark had ' parte, in the Oleidtede of all his power—in the full ' &ilaid, on the objection that the Plaintiffs had tvd-
oinked, ,by compulsion -indeed, her rights over the" exercise of all his"despotism, had ever committed an '.duced no evidence tits show t'h'at they, or any of them,
sovereignty of Norway ; but the Norwegians them-' act of such atrocity as that of which we were now ~ had the slightest Interest in the property, and of con-
selvee, rigidly, as the Chancellor of the Exche. • the abettors. Whatever we might think of ourselves sequence were not entitled'to such an order, nor to
quer haul said. refused to saisption this transfer; —whatever judgment we might pass upon our own , the injunction prayed for by their, bill and notice of
they had, as they were entitled to do, resisted the 'conduct—the rest of the world could not but pro. i motion, in addition to,which fire :claims of the De-
oppression with.whiob they were threatened ; and, flounce us unjust, unprincipled, inhurnau • and that ' fendant for thirty thousand pound` paid by him as
although they were justly so resisting, the navy of Dieted, which amidst so many storms ofadversity I salvage to the receptors, seem or eight thousand
this country was to be employed to force them to had maintained her dignity—that England, Which ' pounds for commission and •other disbutsemenis,
Obedience. Sorb a misopplication of the British had ever stood foremost in the chastisement of•itijes. I were strenuously pressed upon the conStleration of
aims, he contended, bad not been stipulated for, tice—that England, which had heretofore supported • the Court, as having been selected and atitwored of
and, consequently, ought slot to be permitted.— the highest rack in the civilized world—was 'about ;as a proper person for sueli management, &c. by all
Vicar !I—lt had been said, that this was an illu- to do that which would stilly her name, and sully her i parties, as well as by the Spanish Ambassador and
wry conatructioe of tl:e Treaty, and it was con- glory for ever.—[lleare hear n .! Consul.
tended, that we were !ioand to see Norway annexed Mr. WILBERFORCE felt himself compelled by I Sir SAMUEL •ROMILLY very forcibly combated in
to Sweden. As far us the ces-ion of the sovereignty hard duty, and with the' most painful sensation,. he' his reply, all the arguments offered on behalf of
of Denmark could go, -that annexation had been had ever felt, to oppose the motion of his Hon. ' the Defendant, except as far as his claims had ex-
acconsplielied, and nut one step further was this Friend (Mr. Weene), oti the grounds which had • tended, nothing objectionable having appeared in his
country hound to go. The King of Deimen k had been so ably stated by his Right Hon. Friend (Mr....conduct or character in the business. The Letfrned
ceded Ili!. '.iovereigiity, bad ceded his rights over Noi. Canning). I Counsel expressed some surprise at the resistance to
• way, and, as far as he could force her people, Sir J. aUSsELI, spoke in favour of the Address, that part of, his motion that related to the paying the
had compelled them to become the slaves of a ita. as did Mr. W. SMITH. i money Court, which was consonant with the
flue, for which they felt the strongest hatred. The Mr. BATHUItSI' argued, at some length, in fa.. i priethetieci principles of this Court.
people themselves had, however, refusi.tl to sane. your of the measures adopted by his Majesty's Mi- I the" Germ CHANCELLOR stated, that this was a
.
lion tee transfer. It had 'wen said, that Prince festers, and el support of the necessity of Great"-very isicidiar case, the circumstances of which he
Christian lied been instrumental to this seed of re. Britain placing Norway in possession of Sweden. :well recollected us interesting. It was advised by
sistanee ; and it. had been. further insinuated, that Sir THOMAS ALLAN D, although from die first : his MejestfO,Geverement to propose to teen Spanish
Ow Moist, Government themselves had in an un- moment he saw the Treaty with Swedeu, he fete Aittlittesador the purchase of the specie poin
&elated inutincie given encouragement to time feel- for it the utrimet detestation, yet he felt himself . this ea*, and investing the product in the funds,
Ines which had hi.•eu displayed. If this find been bound to say, that its stipulations ought to be car.; which was agreed to. for use of the real owners, if
the cese, let - Prince Christian be punished--let tied into effect, and, therefore, reluctantly, he must ever to he found. His Lordship stated, that by law
Plulaavit ' be again visited by the ravages of oppose the motion of his Hon. Friend. Before he this ship and cargo had belonged to the King, or
war; but them.ipapA „au plied* of jeatice or his- sat down, however, he begged he might be per- captors, or trebotit,ehad not the relations between
inanity, which f onto bind this country to per- muted to state some information which came within this country and Spain, at the time of this capture,
farm towards Pluswily,- on act of natio"al Wins' .d
os own personal knowledge, and which might have constlfuted a different arrangement, with a view of
tirik—illear, hear ItriThe Chancellor of the Ea. sme weight with his Majesty's Ministers. At this merely securing this great property, subject to Sal.
eNequer hen Said across., the table, ii Our good time, and the whole of the next mouth, was the rage, to the Seanish owner when discovered. tie
Ihith nuairl.")—Our goad faith .(said Mr. Pointed))) seed time in Norway. The inhabitants, he be. was glad to perceive that Merds, the Defen-
Ariake call upon us to perform stipulations incon. lime', had scarcely sufficient to sow the land for a dant, was not like some persons in such situations,
iiiiientl9lo9 our illfPrrStS, but nothing could outline crop; and yet he feared that even this little -their who struggled to retain the possession of such trea.
vise .130119 COMMIt ear art of slow nright tyranny and necessities would oblige them to devote to 'their sure, awl therefore all just allowances should be
opgithision._r year, hear n—What would be the present sustenance, whereby hereafter they would made to him, nor would he put a receiver over this
•etere ref the human race if Governments were al- Inevitably be redured to famine.—Uleur, hear!]— property, but continue him to finish the concern,
lament's tratiefor their subjects at pleasure, and if This cicumstance, he conceived, ought to induce some paying as Moved fur into Court.—Motion
the money
tan right to resist such transfers existed ?!--Would it relaxation towerde these unhappy people. Though granted.
se:c be lieZciviegl-Mellen—coutemplible ?--Pear Iwe were hound by our Treaty to co-operate with our ' . . a■meiwasseore.**-"'"'""1%)
COURT OF gitic's BEveri, Max 12.
irre present case was not new to the people of Eng- naval force in attaining the objects of. Sweden, we'
laud—they had always been really to assist tia. were not bound to carry on the war with the 'gawk AWM•CIARIfiII4N erstusna.
teems straggling for their own liberty.-.[/tear n rigour. There were sinew's of war toile trippled, ,
.;He RINo U. rANIEL ISAAC EATON.
—What had happened on the partition of Pa- no commerce to he impeded; all titatcOuld be done . tbe, ATTOsmCv-Gcleaat..prayed !be jedgmeet of
land ?—What was the conduct which England then was to starve not alone the rich: bet- the pool—the the Cowl lealust this 'Defendant, oe an information
.puesoell?— When the partitioning Powers Outer- soldier mid the peasant—the wowieu and thechildren— , for a blasphemous libel, nantelY, a pbbifeetion ett6
std Pettus;; S'ettislater Sobieski, overwhelmed and the infirm and the ag#d.' 'These 'were circutustitices ' titled Exec Homo, purporting tb be a rei of Our
-.termed by the force with which he. was surrounded which ought not to he forgotten—weshould not lbw ; Saviour.
called a Diet, -and ?nye up te 'Queen Catharine Sight of the miseries which were itiflicted on the its. i The indictment was about to be Teed, when :
.-41 Itossh, all that she required. leiti the peep e nocent.—[!Gar, hear, hear!]—Ile bad himself Gteteev interfered in die hope of Aupersed•
of Poised subscribe to this sacrifice'' No ; agreat while api oiler in Norway, experienced the greatest to the necessity, even of reeding in coin any ac-
part of the Polish nation, lea by Kosciusko, de. ' kindness ate' liberality ; am,ii at a time when 'this *count of so inisehierous a pisblicatieu. The Di.
trimmed to maintain the independence and the country was making her attack on Copenhagen, efendant was now in so infirm a state, that there
liberty of their country, and made long and glo. : when every family in Norway was anxious for the would be no hope of Isis serving iniprisourne a
winos struggles for that purpose. That conduct was fate of some one of their relatives and friends, and month; and if the judgment were prayed against
sot. tbsusbt, by )England, rebeinsus•—[licar! ; when the post by which that intelligence was to he
ihim, lie feared that the sentence of the Court must be
a severe one.
That was not deemed a perfidious act.—LiLar! conveyed, was stopped by our cruisers, he, accent.
Lord ELLENRottotioil sow, that die poverty of the
+-o+ but it received flue aperobation, the comite- pettier) by others, passed 'through the ',erects of
man appeared to be such that he could not give any ‘
'woo., loodk the sympathy- of this country. Our Christintistadt, amidst crowds of the enquiring and
merchants, our bankers, and our tratlrrs, as:caibled anxious i,dialiitani,,, yet not one .of them received sureties, and if the judgmeti: weie prayed,. the Court
together, with their Lord Mayor at their head, and, the slightest insult.—[/tear, hear fl—Again, at a . had no choice. The Court could not hide from it.
in a few. days, subscribed a large !earn of money to • period when the Kiug of Denmark had forbade, un- the
self how frequently this man had tent himself to
support a people, who, iii despite of their own Go- der the most severe penalties, all communication ruthless and abominable designs of others ; for that
he had done so Was beyond question, as the work
worriment, refused fo be transferred.—[ kar !]— with England, or connection with English mercer-
was penned by a man of faculties, of faculties to do
Txue it was the brave and gallant he 'o,de were at tile houses, lie, among others, went to a Norwegian
much mischief ; and as such was the truth, it ought
length overcom,. but though they had failed. 110 merchant to apply for money—when theL were told,
to be in vain for the Defeedant to look for mercy,
marl who had ever written, said. that in what they bills upon England were prohibited ; bur the person the would enables
die), they hail ilk done iight.—tilear, heart:3—N° to whom they addressed themselves, expressed his excSCourt
to get at the prime
authors of time evil. The libel wits of so abomitinble
man had been heard to say that the assistance of love and veneration for England ; he called it the
rote ate a nature—abusing the Christian Re.
this country had been improperly bestowed. A friend and protector of his country, and, without anti p g .
ligion, iss a more profligate manner than it had ever
Later instance had been afforded in the cake of the hesitation, gave up. his money withoot.security,
been opposed before—that the
Court could not com.
Inhabitants of Tyrol, who, when transferred by • saying, " Tour are Englishmen, I know yep will 1
the Austrians to the French, refused to be thus be honourable." Such were the sentiments enter. ' publicromise those duties, the performercul of which the
' had a right to expect. Bat the Defendant
ereneferred, and headed by Hoffer, a poor innkeeper tabled of, and confidence placed in, this country by ;P_
the . _ _ .
was only miserable Instreme.nt.
'so be sore, but a WWI that was not to be. terrified by Norway ; and he could not but lament, that we were
• The ArroattrY-Gstras At. raid, that he should not
Idangers, however great, or opposition, however now repaying that confidence by the blackest in-
have called, on their Lordships for judgment, had- be
mowerfui, resisted the slavery to which they gratitude.--[Near, hear!] •
not thou ht fib duty le the public demanded it
were destined, and bravely fought for that liberty Mr. W. WYNNE now rose, amidst loud cries of i .
of him. Thntv Audis* it present before them op.
'which had been so basely bartered.—They, how- Question! and having shortly replied to the urge-
• paired while lie was suffering judgment for a former
sever, unfortunately shared the fate of Poland, and meets which had been urged against him, a division . _
libel. The prosecution had been commenced ex.
were obliged to yield to their conquerors. No man, took place—
In faverir of the Address - - 71 '
preuly it his own request, as the libel was written
however had thought that they -were not justified i
e Avatar It - ' with greet talent; and'the Defendant could not hope
in their conduct. This country felt for the Tyrolese 1
as they had for the Poles, and had contributed by,. Istqfiritv -- - - 156 for respite, except he roe up -lisost whoa he had
-ds their encouragemeirt; and I Adjourned at Half-
past Two. hitherto shielded. . . .
- - _Frtan's attorney, at this reqap l-
t or Fftrin.,, here
tla ii4Kor ' -

Tr►
to ilk
Medal

.The
stor
fen,

term
tray
wo'
wk
tti

conk
&el
Pin'

Spo/

•pPcuttrary means tower
it mos then, as it ever would be, maintained as an
it;coutruvm tilde truth, that the right of resistance
under such circumstances was common to all man-
kind.--[flea", hear might be said, as with
Cori;ca, that such resistance was f‘ olish and impru-
Actrt ; but its folly or its imprutlonce did not lessen
e::c.noble motives flaw which it had ariseu.—Ulear)

~ton . attu. .
A Message is at length to be brought down to Pei.. hinded in the Dime of 64 his Counsel,_
-
liement, to announce the intended marriage of her upon which, •• , . ,
Royal Hig;tness the Princess CHARLOTTE, and t 6 Mr. (Mote* tienfitined to tfie bait,
that Mr
recommend to the two Houses to mike provisions. is Eaton had wisely determined;-afteecwhat was said ,
regard to the sacred person of her loyalo
hlighness, highness, and .he had aiferded the means of bringing the peat
anti to her future residence iu this kingsiore. a eriteinal tojustiCe.

S•
