Ir

• •

FROM MB DUTCII PdPERS.

"7.

STlltallapitliii, APRIL 15.—Notwithstanding
the-satisfactory accounts received during the last
two months,respectitsg the success of our arms in
Spain, French* troops still cootinue marching to
that country. .According to letters from Hour.
deaux, earierus.corps arrived there in the course of
the month of March,—having come partly direct
from Paris, and ,partly by the military road.
through. Limoges and Perigesix t .after a short halt
they proceeded on thele march tte Bayonne. That
part of the grand ;milt of ertilleryi earl the (Hellion
of the park pf light tattlers, whieh'fintisrekesup
froM Pusan;. had els.° *Weed.. tfiere;jand were titl
der orders for Spain. A treitr ofbetterlagaitilletr
Is ctillecting at Bayonne, to lenplityed Ile **e-
lecting the fintresses In Spaiai.ortod 'lliortolgel'aftiett
still hold out. • The Generel of theision angniace-
whu has assured the roroorninet of this
the; service has his head (limiters 'at Bayonne;
Among the troops that lately pealed threngle.
800 edema, on their Way to Spain, is, an estititely
new division, formed at A opteborg h;and consisting
of aleveral regiment's of-the tines as,d the 4th htgiou
of the Vistiola. There is i'-strup4.4getisolein,
Bayonne, which principally emosistrof the depots.
of the regiments sereitog In Spain, • inclUding
French, Poles, and Dutch, and also an Irish. reitt-
TAo °iris-who are exercisedat theee•depots,
set off by deta'ehtnents fer•Spain,46 el'lllfdree their
corps, and are from time to time replaced. .by loreols
reernits.
Via RYA, APRIL respect to the
Witte that havtrbroken out between the Turkish
anil French t onifine rinds give the follnwing
account :—A quarrel (seek place' in the fortress of
Sieve between the French troops and the Turks,
In _which the latter were worsted. The Turks,.
exasperated by this occurrence, secretly assembled
in "great force, and making a sudden
.onset upon
Oa French, took 300 of them prisoners, ahem
they beheaded or impaled. Marshal Mamma,
the moment the news reached him, marched at the
bead of a corps °Melly consisting of Croatians, car.
tied the fortress of Si:arg by sterna, and put every
• Took in it to the sword., The beetalleu.of Ugolin
particularly distinguished themselves upon this utte
The following is a copy of.a letter from thd,tiol;;
perm. Napoleon to the A rchtlulteCharles, request...-
jug him to officiate as his prosy at the recent maest
riago
" I know not a worthier Prince, or a greater
Commander; thin your Imperial Highness. The
two• memorable battles in w hich we were, oppose d.
td each other in the late war, made me so will
quisiated with your merits, and au Coeilied.relt
with glory in my eyes, that I am anxious An, give-
the o odd a soleinto proof of my sentimeotelillolti,
reseed,. by proposing to yon, lily rtinier.te
pouse, in my place, and by virtue of my felt pitwa.
ern, my beloved Louisa, the future Etnpriel oV
Fiance. Ho pleased to performlor me this.
resting act, which tenets td secure the trarigaitiftt
of Europe; end by giving mjefland to the ?entrees..
Louisa, to efficenvery thing that is not isiseemralsly.
connected with a perpetual' friendship Iletivettn.
France and Austria."
FRANK-Tow?, Arun. 17.—'Count Mettentiels,
bas forwarded dispatches to Jai Ctic4etteh'.7o/.
since his arrival in Paris.
Among the' reports ineireaslittletk,.**Aeilait•
the whole of .Croatia is to :be eaided,l4,4l4l*;
The union of theCrown.PrineetOkllasseein
the Princess Thermal'. S'aae d 1 .
will be celebrated with lereLl. .
The residence of 01,111411OVISti--lie at Saletnii-gle
or Insprack.
Madame Start VdP Holstein lscnyls, it is said;
to bid a final adieu.to Blear, and to reside in •foo.
ture at New York, - Me. William Schlegel. will
accompany her thither:. .
Yesterday.passedstormogh this city, on their way
to Paris, the Danishfrisy:Counsellor. Von Rosen.
cratez, from. Copenhagen, and a Freuch courier,
from St. Petcreburtle. • • •
VIENNA, Aron 110—Tho Paths of traunick
has taken by storm the too 0 of Zcilditoi in
Croatia.
„..
It is reported, that the battalions of the tame.,
wher will have a tield.day on Om Ist of May for
the purpose of exercise. The volunteer corps of
the capital are disbanded.
The General of .Cavalry, Count Bellegartle,
this day took the oaths, in• the presence of hig
Majtsty, on his. appointment • as President of the
Council of War. - • ,
A pleasure camp wilt, it kosid, be formed thi'
ensuing Summer in the enelvotse of ;Peet, on the
same footing as tkorissg,tha reign of Joseph
ILtKovEit, APRIL 16. Teideidoox . passed
through this place, ua its .say to Nietes. COW':
derable French tram of winery, lately stitineed
on the Elbe.
The French soldiers are now paid and subsisted
by our country.
Ilk Westphalian Majesty intends, it is said, to
pass two mouths in this city, after his plum from
Paris. • • :i.„
UT RECUT, APRIL 425.--Ilis eeing
of Holland his conferred upon' Getteeal:Ditinote.l
ceato the title of Count Van Berger-Oulu{
According to .adviees from laatlphurgit, elf)the
10th inst. the French Imperial Reeseess,foceeetel;
time past quartered at Neostarli, had,. ie .eerg..l
•vpience of unexpected orders, soddenly broke up-
on their march, as was reported) for the circle of
Franconia.
• A detachment of Genuslisrmcs has . passed
through Angsburgis on their way.to tho,jutt, for
the purpose or collecting and forwarding to Stns-
burgh, any French soldiers who may have loilecq
behind in the South of Germany, upon the. evil-
ceatiun of that country by their respective corps.
Au article front Stockholm, of the lUtle inst.
sore that Count Wreck was to set off in a few
days on his embassy to Paris. The next day the
plan of a conscription for 50,000 Men was to be
submitted to the Diet. M. Iltsatigiers, the French
Charge d'A lakes, arrived at Stockholm on the 9th.
'rite King of Saxony's tour to Poland is fixed
for the 30th of May. Prince Putoiatowsky has.
left Dresden for Warsaw, to make preparations
for the reception of Ills Majesty.

PO ILTUGUES E, PAPERS.

7777

• LISBON, Arnie. 11.—Tho'Marquesito's Ottrty
has entered Aranjuez and °calla, having marched
by way of Carnestolendas. At Aranjuez they
made a French Captain and four soldiers prison-,
ers, and seized ten waggons laileh with muskets,
and five with regimentals, boots, &e. The party
consisted of 1000 infantry and 200 cavalry, and
'collected all the stragglers in that quarter from
Mancha to Slatizanaves.
;The party of the Canon of Siguenta was, by'
the' last accounts, at A Icazar,de S. Juan: Lieu.
lmvant.Colonel FranFisquete Sancho), a dwarf in
stature; but a man of 'great bravery, hail 230
Valry, and .130 infantry 'under his command,. The
;tee day that the Marcresito entered Aranjuee„
• efocisanete surpil'sed and put .to the ,sword-. 40,,
~Freneltmets, at Yillarubia de los Ojos. , Has after-
;earifs hat a brush with the treells at Pedristibei..
ri;otand,,then marched, fir i:ntetscao td pay a visit
lio KaMeetourt, carrying with Ides liar arrobas weight
Air tapers, found ;upon variußs, .frettch couriers,
.wheissiseJsml. iniereepied. .11is pasty, however,
'cioninntiit Man.*. • .
Oe.the, 27th ult.; the party copomapdptj by. the
;priest. Canhigares „had an. affair with the enemy,
back to Ciudad Rim!, and afterwards to
Thu taisani.nda slaw csseu;.cd Cistalml
keel, -and one of their Serjeants killed a French
•Setieint In the plaPe. ;The -French had, besides,
'seven or eight privates killed an this decasioa.
Orir troops then 'retreated, upon receiving Intel.
ligntsee of the asfvence 0f.400 Fiend' from Alum.;
•
Osf the 28th the French broke drown the brittate;
off:torte Llano. Their number was about 100%
and they intended ,to advance to Almaden. The
.11ilgailior IX Isidoro Mir was, on the 30111, mak:
' ing preparations to receive them: Ile had with
hint: about 300 men, chiefly infantry ; but. his
force was daily increasing., Ou that day he was
at Siruells, and had collected about 50 horee:.
Settle Soldiers who left Carpiu del Toledo on the
20th ult. states that the. French- had very few
troops in Montalvan, and that in Toledo they had
only between 400 and 500. The pest tront.•
treinadura to Madrid does mails the.sliverteadi
but makes a circuit upon the right bank' of this
Tagus, as far as Toledo. , •
. ,
BA nAsos, APRIL G.—The brave inhabitants of
the valley ;,f Aran suppoit the contest in the most
heroic style. The Freoult have not gained an
inch of ground upon them,' and their-efforts are
daily attended with consitleiahle less. They lattdy'
summoned the inhabitants to submit;, but the lat-
ter replied, that they preferred death to French
slavery. The ;enemy, irritated by this answer,
made a furioussatack Upson them, but were shame.
.I'oly q.pulsert with .donsiderabicloss•
7.,-.T.The *f Itegnier occupies at
, Offend the-towns of Medellin, Villa Neat it di- la
ieretm,, Sod 'IX Benitn; .whlch last are his head
.tpierterc Ilikroarignitril left U. It tiara and Val.
verde: on tfie*.'sthi,': and: Searidiid for. Gll4olllas
.
where it remains.
Ballaateros ICY .Z.alarnea la Real, in '
Ad Oollitty 'ef' litiebla, !oaring some troops Wider
the etAntnand :or &gather Contreras, in Itoo..
tpittle,- and ditrerent posts Or the Sierra.
.advance entered Merida, the sth
inet; and about a 'league and a half from that' city,
lid feet' 15db—rations; which were to have been
furstorded to the,eneiny•at Medellin.
"Airttlit o. Au, English expedition u hich was
destined.'for Calaloitsa; is. Said to have arrived in
that rincipnlier,, .. •
••••Oq.tinstfth Regnier's division evacuated Gila-.
•
Mal Villa tiasimalra, and mita marched
Campegnatio and Cabeza de Rimy. O'Don.
tOrts advanced parties are in pursuit of the enemy.
-A, Serjeant dilemmas, belonging to the Crusaders
' of Albugnercpir,• MIN& ss French Lieutenant of
Dragoons, ou the bridge of Medellin.
ALMEIDA, Keillf. I.—Ther French troops in
'the environs of Salatnanca arc daily diminishing by
casualties ; the greater part of them being mete
striplings, numbers of them .are daily falling sick.
This evening a party of Spanish infantry came
in here, with eighteea deserters from the French,
of whom five are English, two French, and the
rest Italians, 'Pules, &e. They report that many
more intend to desert, all being dissatisfied with
the bad treatment they receive front their Officers,
and the hardships and fatigue they undergo in the

scrticm•
CRAtm, .Arett. 5.-•4oit the Ind nit. the enemy
eaddotly vi4citated Oviedo, leaving behind his
sick, and the Spaniards who had fallen into his
Mind!, on being informed of the approach of Ge.
*aril Pont°, who had dislodged the enemy 'front.
the heights of Fresno, with some loss.
let(er from General Mahy, of the 29th, ult.
ii,tys, that he had taken. tllO COMlllantr or the 4th
division of OcticralOarcia, and that he was to set
out.the same day foe.Villarratica, whcrelio had
ordered all his forces'to form a jtruction‘
111e',0:Pierner of titelila. de SatigtOiL writes
word that,
orstistant )tn: artless 'Awe t.qiuneral
;Mahy,lte pnint of itdrantiltreto Ba.
acza, tii'itbrrt &Pops bop
sicging Astorga. . This movement, was to be in
.;concert tie •smahr the' tanitiked of
Echevarria.

. •
Letters from Nnferradtt state, that a considers.
.bla body of 'the etny's force before 4SpOrga hacl,
moved off on the 28th, but •their .destination iv*
Ithot known. The. force left to blockade it•eolt.
Aided of between 8 and 9,000 men.
,latsnov, -Aran. 18.—The war seems to be at
lCr•Pisd giltemliadura., Batlasteros• having left
eafficient'garrisons in, the. Sierra, is falling back
Zalama, for the purpose of more securely
yakking, the motions -of Regnia. _ The latter,
Iliblireitet,' did not Aare to hazard an action with
Otloonel.. His retreat to Cabe* del Boey inch.
:calm, that ha has finally quitted Estreniadura#
'and is directing his march to Cordova, or per.
baps. to' the foot of the Sierras contiguous to La
!Mancha. AU the letters received here state, Alitt
the enemy are committing the most horritkatreci.
4 ties in their rt treat. But let us turn away our
• eyes from these scenes of •horror, to fix them
`upon the' btilliant perspective which Spain now
exhibits, compared with her situation A the end of

►•777117
•

''fl re %I
• 4, Titti-,:stkeriSM,

• ,>

'3V-iv.r.77w,
4.;

t19‘,.q.;

.... ,

Jett:try,: rt seems as If wprietcellogdrenrus lad
deereml that Spanish freedom, should be estahlish•
ed'on the twins of French tyratrni:- • - "‘
i Evtreeluiderai
Vulevecia, Catatoesiai. etarrptilmeeirerithie
the lost two ,mgonths, illattritTtiadiggigable **Si
rutted thR empty?, ,ller regular_
troops, at this moinent? ezeeed Ito4loo effective
men; and her light Paritei litlhe invaded pro.
viaces are so rapidly Increasing in 'numberii and
particularly in circle:knee, that the whole.uf Spuin,
• appoars4ike avast sepulegret in which the proud
French are vigils, •with their lives the forfeit of
I their crimes:
:Ltsiatri'''Atiti•i4.4—Certilin intelligence has
been -received here that Ballastesos is with his divi.
Nieu ;he wholes coast of. Ronda is
free,. and Veneta! Blake is 'nuclei% to pespeua
:Pores, at the head a 25,000 men. gbiliiitg is
known with certainty Of ikeph; it i%
however, said, that :ho• hair left 'Andalusia: In
Cadiz, every thing is going on well.. The French
have alektinfoutal several patois .which they had
oCcupied ; and it is generally *thought that they
will *obit eiacuate the whole territory.
A report is current, which • seems to be well
founded, that the Duke of Abrantus has raised the
biockaile4Astorga.
' In Catalonia, the division of Col. Sarsfield, corn.
posed of 1000 foot and N horse, fell in with a
French divition Consisting of 400• Infantry and 50
cavairyi.bi''Mulla,' attacked and defeated it with
eunsitlegable loss. • .
It is Aliso known that the Spanish troops have
•ente'red Aranjuez, and taken there six thousand
stand of arms; and that the French are retreating
u 'Wry%

~, ..

;:

Atcorgiox to the last .latelke.nen from Cadiz,
thv .Erenalt, hive. been oornipellasl to evacuate the
post 11. Soutta Niatiai after an action, in %yhich the
"Partugueze regialoat (NO '2O tools s share. The
report of the French having ralstil thsi-blockade. of
Astoria is also cuolirmoll: •

HADA sty/ vA1.411.14 vet bi nod army hap
defeated the Frtuseh Chiciwna,Hui, and Pu.
arta Itral. In timserittenca oft the laid action,
many Wounded arrived lu gt:lllltuest, dud our cute.
unnicatiois by land with Catlin is open: his atso.
said, that our army intends to make,a •deacciit
gatt.ta Maria, where:, the Ft;euiy, ha.s • established
his bead.cinarteis, and that it would already italic
been dricted but fur the beisterotiiiiestrof th'e
weather. • :
Getkeralllatientis Cobllttaiaa 'An; often py .tha;
Sierra. Menial", and to Issiratistho enemy,
Carrera is this day to artiye inria. with tiral
L'division. A dreadful explesioVi itgaCi ie hit dad?
pected ; which,. tiom the ti4e4wiliergy
Chide, and the reviecttienthealimml4llthollsollltai
wo p.torti.tlestfoctivs a Ic6ions of
carpi tts wOch disiolate our Pk:lomila?

./~
~• 3

7'l'7

,

•i

Iftit7

'''9

BliVLß's CELEBRATED It EASTORIL TIVE TO,lrit •
PO.
! itet.Urf of Countenance and regularity of
14
Faartitts.are allnarcat to distinguish the tlriltalt Psi.. g
`fiat the Proprietor of BYTLEari TOOTH POW Bt:ft
ssuithl beg leave to ruasiud his Cisantrywomeas, that Ike 4. ue
of their charms loses half its influence where the teeth aria
.discoloured, or show a rotten and tothealty•uppearasie : this
sis the:more lisexcusalsle, us the present prepAratioa arms'
the infallible means of removing every bletui4 of
.the nit:
noel, and is safe in its application, being composed Of veto;
tattle:. It is recommended to the attention of all tanks, at
clearing away every imilerfeclinal either is Shattotour or
in the decay of the amulet of the Teeth ; as renderiog the
lbreath sweet and delectable, and inakilig the gems °row*
. proper shape and vermillion hue; and a cert.in prese,Kivi,
1 against the fuotb-Ache.—No compositiob or this Lind ever
brought forward to public notice, has stet skit such saaivve,
sal approbation; and the Proprietor bits to boost that it is is
daily use of Royalty itself.
hold Wholesale and Retail, at Mr. Butler's, No. 4i
Cheapsiric, corner of Pate ster Row ; mit retail try cart
Country'-bledieuie Venders uud Pe:fearer% is beze,,aji
) 2s yd. viva.
Of wl may be had, Butler's Aroutatie• Pectoral to.
1 zing's fur coagthouutraAare sore throats, &c, to boxes, 4
1 li. led. each.. _ .

WIIITE HANDS have ever bentQatttentetig!
personal bestatx.iis both Sexesounriiiilletioarts sf
nitrope are essential to persons of mak -I`ke.lllA SIAN s,
SOAP, or Indies Wiiiihipg Cakes, powiss the p.ilt.itar pow
perry of givi the most es ;visite lelicite .sf texture .old r.
conceivable fairs bs so the minds which ire ciiistromy wash.
!ed with this Soap. haven in cases where!testis !mho.
jured by labour tie other violence, the lia.d.less nod courseur,s .
are effectually, infallibly, aml perissaistoP; revs west, .lug
itucceetkil by a siniroViness, delicacy of appear.
since, which catbird he acquire.l by may sH:II4 Meat% *hal•
i ever. It is by tXperiejle t Indy than aiAy ime for, 44
. adequate idea. of the sais.trior zepllesacr S lap. S,ild
by the pcoprietsir'S Agent. whose signature it hears Wiilias
i Withers, No. :L9, Strand, rear H Lut:d ang
the Proprietors, a further securits, eg tarot to he pant_
I eider in noticing, that the name audaddreWof the Printer, E.
Spr ig+ No. 2i Bow-street, Covent-garden, is ail ‘ed 1.1 toe• wi
) label and wrapper. All others are rourterfeits. Soil by
many respectaine Perfumers and Medicate Venders in lowa
and Country, price Is. each cake. But it is at all times tw-
ee sari to be particular nbservi,,g the above I moron, whirl
a al by the iueuius of preveuting the itsposiiiim, winch Mtn of
late bees pructised.

• • PUBLIC CAUTION:
NY4T-figN'S PATENT TRANSPARENT SOAP.
.rr
Proprietoril of this very bimiitifai Attlee
of BritishtaanaCacture, feels it a duty he iswessthe
. A
Pitblii,td caution theta agaiust the dcluvive Statement rho-
tabled iwo•Hand.bill, which ht►s been wort industriously cir.
'calmed by tare A. Pews, H. which W is stated that Mr. Ai..
1.
'cliolsois, The TronslatuF of Pomo cm; 8; CAelatiqty, Mr, Arnim.
Es perhasintalUlieuvist at the Royal Institution. 414 several
other seielititic Gentlemen,- aVellired On their Oriths.. lame
!Lord Elleilliorough dud a Special Jury, `• That the new-
iiiyented 't R.i.rN SPA ItENT tiOA P wa,• a discovyrs of the
utmost Utility, because it ,possessed all the draining 'Privet.
tiertat Audis,. freed front its impurities and deletorious +tali-
lies :" this •14 true, is .part. hot not iu the whole. Titoih
tieutirotesi of tirieuce dial give evidence in the terra% arse
'she alert stated, rts ill " W A TSON'S PATENTTIAss...
4:eatttliNT • tiOAP," which they had carefully aualyteds.
but is regard lo -A..rears's " New-invented. Troop:rot
Soap," as it is called, They
.certainly •,:ive au such opiatua:
sdnd as the latter aril?* was i•roved till -such trial by A.
' 'Pears'icntra Wilives *l4 $ alio...sworu
.hy hiuoelf, lobe
°unposed of a coosiderahle proportiou of Soft Soap Aim is-
. .greilient which most naturally.eacite diszast in fiery richiate
l• mind) alid Lemon Juice; the Proprietor of WATSON'S
. • IRAN-WARE•NT OVA P feels currtideut, that, i.urr the
; very high encomium; and recommendation which Igo Comps-
lades has t'eet'hed from Medical and Scieatific MCIS of eat-
rieuce, the Public w ill never be decei.ed by the specious wis-
applieatlyn of Evidence which A. Pears has ill his said Haat-
hill SO falsely endeavoured to apply to hit own S:wip, Ina 106
give to Vl,' AISON'S PATE:I/41 rit 1)Ii SPARE% l' SOAP
that preferesee, which the peculiar elegance and pinny nit
universally allowed to prowess, so jtwtiy merit, and which 34
prepared and sold, Wholesale and Retail, by the Pastime,
at his Warehouse, No. 419, Strand; and by his Appuito-
inent, at MI .Sulith's, ld, Dit,u,..-strect, Dob•ati.
