4 hd4.

1. wasdispetched by General Frimotit to Marshal Bei- I To THE EDITOR.er rna STATES3I4N.
1 legarde with the intelligence that the Neapolitan
army was quickly retreating, and that the Austrian " A then, with God Alia-your support, for the repose oldie
advanced guard hail entered Forli, in consequence of werld,nsefororder, far.saerallty, far your Kies, and for, yew
• ~
the removal' of General Figuelmont from Mantua to cowry.
Bologna, in ordpr to make the necessary dispositions 6 . (Signed!
Vienna, Apriti."
.
for establishing the Austrian head-quarters in that .
city.
itt,-•-lt Was from your Papet of kit evenN
that I have.selected the above **tract, from, what is
. ; termed a Proclamation from the King' of PRUSSIA;
and if I .solid understand these phrases as their
The followieg Decree may give our Readers an
KINGSRIPS' do, as mere words coterie 9 .1 should
idea of the state of public opinion in the Nether- •
also most probably feel as little sorrow as they do
lands : •
i remorse,. for devoting feel_
death editions of their
i'nocI.AmATIoN RY THE KING OF THE
' l
equals, in the sight of that Goo' whom their selfish NI: ili Lit L►t N os.
We, William, by the ii :ace of God, King of the. ambition would make a partner
,in theft: sanguinary
,ietliet lands, Prince of Orange-Nassau, Duke violatiou!:_'* Arkelties ; kith Pia' GOD!!.!"---
of Luxemhurg, &c. I should think that the chaplain of 1111( Pro-. iin Ma-
After a preamble, stati:lg that the existing laws are iestyeolild school him to a fir better species of piety
not suflicientto punish promptly and in an exemplary to the Diviuity, were his reverence permitted to be
manner the malcontents who wish to excite distrust, as Wive in the discharge of his duly as his brother
trouble, anddisolder, ordains as follrms:—
- . )o!cers in the Royal Rims! bold, the gooks and va-
" Art. 1. Without projudice to the dispositioes of. lets'ft.s" e-ch ambres;
the Ist title of the 3d Book of the actual Pellet Code, When will the eyes•of mankind be open to the
and as inasmnc'h as that tiothiu'o shall be derogated turpitude of
.17riOces, and..comPel them to conform
(beret.' Ora, all- those who shaltpropoptale rumours, .to the obligations of morality—to consult the re-
anitounces,• or news 'which Intl tend to alarm or pose of the world, anti discharge the duty they owe
to trouble the public—nil those who shall show them. to their corintry•? —An appeal to 'fli&PrOSsiatts to
selves to he the partisans or invtrumenti of a Foreign come forward in support of morality, comes with.a
Power, either by public propositious,er watch-words, very ill grace from the Sovereign who has bin six
by public acts pr writings—antijulite all thine who 1 months, is conjunction with onsets, no less amiable
shafrendeaVour to excite distrust; dis'aninn, or pier...and virtuous than himself; to rob the Saxon Mo-
teels among the inhahaantat et (risorer and seadion'l notch of his Crown, and reduce hies to the ranks;
by raising the people in the streets or public plactie,'T it is not, however, your. remonstrance er admonitions
,ser-by any other means contrary to good order, cepa.. that can work reform
-on Grentletnei of this high or-
rately or collectively,. shall he punished according to ' der. Other remedies may be• Mend to correct the
the extent of the crime, and to its circumstances, by , arrogance 'of pretensions without merit, in dream•
exposure in the pillory from Otte him. #4O six,:bi de, i.stalff444a-blvl timehts yet injeeerse. . .
gradation, bfbrand, by iniprisonment frhrn este year i. Impunity has.mede them licentious : the profligate
to tent and by tine from 100 to 10,000fience. .: expenditure of the public wealth is most imps.
• 46 2. in case that the crimes mentioned in the deßtll rA11.4-.-‘*::lufyyrtilig the splendour of the
above talkie should have the result of _00414 the' Crown!" Sir, the Serie eplenarnir of the Crow,, con-
public repose, or of causing sedition, the Terseni , sists ie faithfully discharging' the trust reposed in it;
guilty, as well as their accomplices, shall be con- how far this discharge has corresponded with the
damned, • besides the fine, -to hard labour, and to, obligations may
he most accurately ascertained by a
brand, withatt being relieved from the pain of death, ''reference .to the hurdeet Opnn the inhabitants of
:If the ease Shall require it. . . Statei, aridlo the tli4e.ratefel. history of,pnblic trans.
t! 3. •A specie! extraordioary Court, composed of actions fat the' last fifty years. • .. • -
eight Couguellora, takeu.from our superittr,Coart of - This aecoodt, hqweverk is in a faioyay of being
Justice pf Bressels, of a Procurer-General, or of one .settled in a manner which may notlie,'very pleasant
of the Advocates-General, &c. is charged' with-the tnittOse tilin have initirred it. ' Whether this coun•
functions of the Court of judging and passing sentence Vhilitrur,'Will.ventare 14
o* those climes and Offences. " : %,".•011114..ATLChiuttccisittritht with the -Cwestinental-
" 4. The prosectitioni shell take place - without . FIR*, 14-St ttnestioo.;whiCh time must decide. Cott-
41Stsfteillie ciPerience
Con-
delay, and without any preliminary information ; and atrettlldelLlPOS-41044e of• Commons is, .it is really
the judgments shall not be subject to any appeal, nor impossible for any „man., conversant with public
t'q cessation. '• --- • i afttirs,torefrain from laoghter and anger at the strange
66 5. Tbe. judgments shall be eaecuteddl•Jieurs nilitetept p'.E:rions.within its walls, whose Ayes and
aftet they are pronounced. - t Mies have 'conditions annexed to them which are
66 'Oar Procurer-General is charged with the eze. sufficiently tuiderstood without your ezpressitig them,
entionoUt his Decree. i and fawn-which our hopes of benefit to the country'
. .

". We order and command the Official Journal to derite.tio succour.
insert tide Decree, and also that a sufficient number . In wlinteyer.direction we look, we see misery anti
of the same be.printed and sent to every town, to be disappointment,_ acid were it not from the firm con&
stuA circulated. Bence I feel, that the atrocious attempt to dragoon
•
.4 Wer ilea coinriand and orderall'otir Commis- no entire nation, consisting of upwards of thirty mil-
.
sary-Getierils And Other authorities to exert them.' lions, into- an uticonditiostal sin-reader of the only
selves in the most promptest, .rigorous execution of distinction that marks indepenfience, will ultimately
thia.p et. ectee. • • force the _various nations of Europe to investigate,
" Brawls, April 2), 1815, andErcond }'ear iifidir reign. respectively, their ow!' domestic concerns, and
(Signed) " WIt.LIASt" punish delinquency at home. Is there arijr thing
Such is the measure resorted to by King William i mere absurd' and 'tyrannical, that eight -or ten
the Find, by the Grace of God, King of the Nether: Kings ;hall conspire to dictate to Fruit. Rs
the
sofa
lands ! The mode of proceeding is summary:, end its ! condition of not being- invaded, that she shall re-
tender mercies serve to show the degree of coulidenre cell's! the Bourtaoss ? And are, mankind become so
that he has in the loyalty of his new subjt:cis.. I besotted, so recouriled to slavery, and so servilely
disposed, to slaughter their fellow-creatures for
such a purpose? Armies of precaution are unquei.
tiottably necessary in the present state of Europe;
but if • iiranCe,-because she prefers BONAPARTE to
the BOURBONS, is to be put without the pale of social
' relations by a self-created and foreign tribunal; and,
if:tp enforce their arbitrary edicts upon cn unotread-
ing people who have proved by their foe bearatice the
sincerity of their pacific declarations, all armed force's,
to invade their country with fire and sword, and the
'soldier is to be degraded to the level of an assassio, who
is there that will be sanguinary enough- to wish sqC-
cess to such Rls outrage to the laws of nature and of
rations—to.the rights of men—and an affront to the
honour of a profession intended for the legitimate
defence of the countries that respectively maintain
them? While the soldier is so employed, he is en-
titled to the respect and gratitude of the nation. It
is hie duty, its that case, to march in obedience to
the command of his superior Officer ; but when in-
toxicated with power, and flushed with ves.cealiet.,,
the Sovereign would employ him not to protect. but to
• assassinate,—is not a reasonable man justified in say-
ing, that froM that instant the soldier is released from
his obedience to the Articles of %Var., and to the tio-
vernment tip t would so degrade hint, The doct ine that
the soldier is not to REASON, is refuted by the very
Article of War that limit's his obedience to all latzful
commands. Whit are not lawful be is enjoined to
reject by the same authority that require his •Com.
pliance with legitimate dentatels. The Frets( h. sok.
dies summoned to th- field or the citadel to defend
the honour aad,independence of his country, in-
sulietlby a golospiratjf which deserves severe end et-
emplary puttiihment.,gives the stamp of ft EROIS•Itto.
his obedience; het the brotalited banditti oftwerienaries
who like at •' MOODS movu at the coatmend animists.:
degree euperior to them to sordid be
Realism and theCt ssackT—uhateacose has he, wetly.
other man litikel with hies in ;he illegal act, fisrep.
tering the territory of a ceuntry it peace *Rh all:the
,world, who has given no ambre.te; violated 14! • ,
treaty with any other Yower, arid-oho publicly di•*v,
clares her wish to.rearain.at peace with sali•l. :"„
world lent the ~teropflette part of the pavii• •
. • :41

A maliOnus but inclfortual attempt was made on
Saturday:morning to burn the extrusive wood-yard
of Messrs. Mottley and Ellis, at l'ortsea. A large
reward has been offered fur the discovery of the in-
cendiaries.

Yesterday the celebrated. Major Semple appeared
at Bow-street, in a different' character, for the pur-
pose of arranging-some a Itatis.Which wee under nee-.
ciation, by Mr. Stafford,.previliukto, his final banish.
ment to Morocco, for which placpire sets off in a.few
1 days,•pursuant to his conditinnat patdon.
A labourer, belonging to Plymouth pork-yard.
was detected a few days since in carrying away. 78
pounds of copper, and has been committed to Esoter
gaol for the offence. Gn•al ingenuity was used by
him to conceal hisdepreddlimrs. ".Fifty-eight pounds
of the copper were suspended by canvas from his
I neck, the remainder hung in a similar way from the
waiglaand of his small-clothes.
A letter, dated Cumberland Harbour, St. Vary's
*River, 'Feb. €22, says:-" The well-known Cocu-
'Lure JOIINSTONEarriVed here two niglits.since.—lie•
•
came from Lisbon of his old trick of speculation, his•
present object is cotton, or any thing else that Will
turn a penny."
Abruday, a young, man, named Richard Patch, was charged
, at the Mandoe-howe Vith defirtioting the house of Stevenson, •
Bui,oo. and Co., of I,oeiharil-street. bankers.
Mr. g.evenson deposed, rpm the Prisoner had been a entoi-
ciertible titan in the banking-house as collecting eletk ; Dui hN
cimluct has r7Ti.7 become in • degree irregular, he (cceivoti
notice to quit i,t) the !:th of February last. in the evenieg. On .
the morniug.of that (Inv,. however, he went out in kis usual:en-%
pacify with ,event( bilk to collect pavoivill. A Hong there wa.,
one upon the t•nte•i• r‘f sum& C attd Co. f0r.1301, fJpo.i
kis return mote afternoon. this tilitteorFtl to be erased ham hts
list of ptiyinints, the'Prisotier assigtatig as it leastos, I. of there
was &misstate isi Vie thee, and Abe till multi! nm be (Jur until
the lath. left the sec vice of the Prirweuturi urns that
evening. 100 the 10th, die bill was, of course, ordeted to he
preset:art& fur orifcill. Upon searebing di et% er, lyoweser,
at was cut in -be found, owl .lu.aicion hosing naimaliv
emmiry was aside rit thebouse of Greenwood sod Gies, w• ea
it No ascevained the Psis .ner hail keen parr) the Lill on
;he 811 i, in the regdat wiry, alli it his rev. •Tne
,n-.M ailigunt murk: %%SI rostasotv set os rnov hurt him, but
in vain until SAintlgy last, when he nos. accidenor•o, . b-erved
,pats tic through Lmnbard street. and w.o. taken ,
Lite.Pritot.sr did vat deny the change, but begged permisiion
Co make up the sum he h..d eurbezzied. lie wits rear:tailed fur
* Seal examination, •

sto.ll
A

.

-'~

•

:ra g i

,

' • ,

'f~'l•
