THE STATESMAN.

mons House of PriwiitreAlikiii' He did sot
think the people of this Moiety bad the power at present
of riturningMtembere in the full, free, and unshackled
Donner that was nrigiaally intended. The tight of the
people to a share id tbe Legislature was nequestlonable.
and deduced from a eery ancient source: The question
was, whether the people enjoyed that right at present—
be tbopght not. Tbe.objectieoe made to the caltfor
Reform, he believed,. centered in the apprehensin thkt
men of lees Influence and weight would be returned; and
this the stsbilityof the Government endangered.. But
hie did not thinit mach weight was to be attasheli to
this: He was not afraid of Prerog,ative, but be did
think that they were losing that check against the indo-
epee Otengative of the Crown intended itt the testi.
twin of el Lords. He had no feat that they
should not baye Reform—he should as soon expect to
see the light Of morning 'darkeeed, as the consequence
of the general attain of Inowlede stopped.—(Hear,
bear I)
Mr. S. MUM:said be *as quite ready to agree to any
Reformation; the precise abate, of which could be fore-
told. But who weld undertake to my,where the ma
elite weuld stops if once' int in motion They *ad
seetaltefotosatlons commenced with the purest modem,
aid on the mist prudent principles, end in revolotioa
and disaster. Mr. Burke was occasionally quoted as a
Reference.; but Mt. Burke had lived long enough to see
the fallacy of his views of [Gianni and that from actual
experience. Mr. Pitt also was a violent Reformer. bat
be bad lived Meg novelto see the propriety of cheek
lag. How absurd it was to say to the Agrlculturtsts
that a Reform id Parliament would better their condition.
It was from natural eagles that their distress bad arisen,
not from legislation. During the late long and interest-
ing war, the landlord increased hie rent corresponding
with the increase of prices; but when prices fell rent
teas sot lowered. Thus there was an obvious remedy
without reform. On the other hand he did foresee con-
etterablndamage likely to accrue from a change in the
tepenentative system of the nature proposed In the Re.
asehition.—(Here some manifestation of impatience wet,
evinced.)-The Hoe. Gentleman observed, that if this
was the *ay be was to be met, he should beg to decline
proceeding. At the same time, he should say the inter-
'option, on as important question like this, was most
disgraceful.
Mr. James thought that the opposition so unfairly
Made to his Hon. Friend, arose from the apprehension
that his argument would be too weighty for the prin-
ciples of his opponent. With regard to Reform it might
be very well; but he feared that Revolutionists would
press is among the well.meanieg Reformer's Until
they could see something of their, way in the proposed
change, he thought they had better act upon the safe
maxim, a Better bear the ills we have, than dy to those
we know not of." If their statennen were good, no
motterwhether they were elected by Eve or die thousand
eaters. He could not, under this rime, assent to the
proposed resolution, and Mr. Slade supported the Re-
solution.
• Mr. R. Sitnit.—He was tatistled with the present
system of things, and that every thing would be done
forthe benefit of the people under the existing state of
Government that would be done under any other. As
for the clamour that was raised against a Standing
Army, he was convinced that the army of the present
day, at 80,000, was as much for the protection Of the
'right of the subject, as when it was only 18,000. He
should oppose the motile before the. Court.
After a few eiords in favour of the Resolution, from
Mr. TAILOR and Me. GALLOWAY,
Mr. Cnoacca made a few observations in opposition
to the motion. The system and the House of COMM!
were found to work well, notwithstanding the clamour
about corrtt;t majorities. As to these corrupt majori-
ties, he would cite one instance to chew how much troth
this in the charge. In the year 1821 a vote Of censure
was proposed upon Ministers. It was thought by some
that they would be forced to resign ; but the event was
otherwise ; they had a triumphal acquittal, and he had
taken the pans to dissect the'votes upon the occasion.
From information add numeral he found thatof the 458
Members in the House or Commons. 37, one way pr
another, were always absent; of those who remained,
205 constantly voted fiti, Ministers, and 221 constantly
easel with the Oppositioh.. The remainder, 195, were
independent In their votes, and with the House thus
roustituted, Ministers lied a majority of upwards of 100.
This fact would speak more plainly than any thing that
•could be said on the subject of thi alleged corrupt state
of the House of Coatroom.'
After a few words from Me. &morn In support of the
motion,
Mr. AM. Wareintrio replied: . _ •
The Revelation Wu then "pal wed. truly 10 or
dissen'Sent voices.
Mr. Aid. WAITIIMAN then proposed timpetition,whieh
was read, in the folloWing form
Iterwrit—That while your Petitioners deeply syt
pathise with the sufferings of the Agricultural Interests,
they beg to represent to your Honourable House. that
they are 'themselves also suffering under the pressure of
accumulated burtliens which become daily more in.
Mipportible by the depreciation of every description of
property : while, idler right years of profound peace, no
proportionate reduction in taxation bas takes place, nor
have soy measures been adopted for the repave' of na-
tional grievances.
That they have marked the numerous encroachments
that have been made, since the period of the Revoln'lon.
upon the constitutional debtsand consequentlylopon the
property, of the' subject; but more particularly the acct.
Prated progress of those encroachments during the late
'sign. and since the commeneemeot of the late ware;
and they have observed, that they have kept dod pace
with the corruption, dependence, and consequeat ineffi-
ciency of the Representation: by which every. or any,
set of Ministers have bees enabled to exercise an num
trolled infloenee, and to carry on their project., however
adverse ro the interests of the Nation.
That your Petitioners therefore submit, that the pre.
Orin enormous Willies and distresses of the ninny
lave net adleen from any unforeseen or unavoidablsj
_gams*, lot leave-beim theriteresary result of a lone
cqnnie of corrupt 4reence, extravagance. awl misrule;
Korai rashly sod astir undertaken, and olutormoos
4 ationessaury. 'establishments : all of which could
may bate arisen, and grown up to their present port's.
.tout magnitude, flow the want of that constitutional
petrel over the servants of the Crown which can only
be fond in a free and uncorrupted Representation of
the Pap!. in Parliament.
That, without recoiling to former timer, your Pod-
Goners need only revert to the reign of Charles the First,
where the sunroofs first to control the proceedings of,
and then to govern. without. a Parliament, brought that
deinded monarch to his unhappy end; while similar
connet in the two sueceeding reigns, and the lonic
intlidlOni attempts to corrupt the Parliament. led
to the expulsion of James the Second from the throne.
That so sensil.le were the great statesmen of that day
of the baneful effects of attempting to destroy the inde•
pendence a Parliament, that in the Bill of Rights it was
declared," That the election of Members of Parliament
a ought to he free ; and that foe the rediees of all griev-
I, antes, and the ausentlicineireeethening. and p
0' ing the laws. ParhaMents eight to he bell frequent
• iy :" and the presinhle to the said Bill stated. a Test
• frequent new Parliaments tend very much to the happy
" union of King and People." .
That your Petitioners have to lament that, surrounded
with difficulties as there ancestors then were, their inten-
tions thus expressed. of rendering the Representation
hare perfect, and preserving its inJeplutaance, were nut

carried into effect: teem the coustitutioual barriers
they set up for the security of the people were found
but feeble goat& spinet the assaults of selfish and di•
signing Ministers, who have perseveringly and systema-
tically so usderinined the independence of election, that
is most of the Soeottglis scarcely a vestige of freedom
now remains.
That you, Petidooks beg to draw the etteation of
yont Hon. House to fasts which must lead to the inevit-
able conclusion, that if the Representation was het eon=
eidered adequate at the period of the Revolution. and to
the state of the country at that time ; that, from the
great changes that have slice taken place lathe male-
lion and the circumstances of the country, with general
dissemination of knowledge, it must now have become
wholly inefficient fot all the great and beneficial purpose!
of Representation.
That your Petitioners beg to impress upon the coast&
eration of your Hog. House, that the population. width:.
at the Revolution 'scarcely exceeded five millions, now
exceeds twelve millions, and including Wales fottrtetin I
millions; which, with the population, of Scot.l
laid and Ireland, amounts to twenty one millions. With
Me vast increase of population, extensive towns
hive arise% and industry and property have been dt‘'
recta Into new channels ; and your Petitioners calt-1
644, that.if no other argument could be advanced la-
favour of Reform, the existence of so immense a mass of
unrepresented population and property would alone be
sufficient to induce your Honourable House to admit
them into the exercise of their undoubted civil rights,
by a full and equal participation in the elective fran-
thise.
That when the present state of the representation is
considered, when it is notorious that the most glaring
bribery and perjury are habitually committed, that
members are sent to your Hon. House, not even by the
choice of those fee who Donainally, elect them but by
Individual proprietors of boroughs, that, in violation of
the Constitution and the orders of your honourable
house, numerous Peers are to be found among those
proprietors, and that Parliaments, which, In the language
of Air. Burke, were not instituted to be "a controul
upon the people, but a control for the people," become.
thereby instruments in the hands of administration,
your petitioners humbly conceive, that the existence of
such abuses is wholly incompatible with the public
safety, and must lead, if not speedily corrected, to a train
of calamities.
That your petitioners have also to state other reit:
ions in support of the necessity of reform. At the re-
volution, and long subsequently thereto, the present
extensive and organised means of influence and corrup-
tion were not in existence. At the accession al William
111. there was no national debt; since that time
a debt of eight hundred millions has been created.
The annual taxes have been increased daring that
period from two to sixty millions; and the peace ex-
penditure is no less than 53 millions. The expense
for the collection alone is now double the whole na-
tional expenditure at that period. That endless
source of vexation and oppression, the Excise, which
even the influence of Sir Robert Walpole '
could not ex-
tend, is now increased from half a million to nearly
thirty millions per annum. The Assesed Taxes, another
source of vexation and oppression, and which at that
time had no existence, are now eight millions and a ball I
per annum. The Poor Rates, scarcely then knows,
have been increased, even since the year 1792, from two
to about seven millions. The Stamp Duties, no less
burthensoms and partial in their 'operation, were net
then known, as also other grievous imposts that could
be mentioned. Standing Annie* were not then toler-
ated : during the reign of William 111. they never ex
ended ten thousand men ; and your Hon. House is aware
of the stand that was made in Parliament, in the reign of
George IL, upon constitutional grounds, against the
keeping up of a force not then amounting to 19,000
men; but now the country has, in time of peace. to sup-
port an army of eighty thousand. To the above men•
tioned sources of inflame may be added, the increased
number of Peers, many of whom, poor Petitioners have
reason to fear, ewe their sevaneemeat edify to their
influence in retuning Members to your Honourable
House. The introduction, also, of Scotch fnd Irish
Members into your Honourable House, who are mostly
returned by the same unconstitutional means, has greatly
adtled to the preponderating infieence of the Ministers
of the Crown.
That your Petitioners have also to observe. that the ex-
tending the Duration of Parliament bytbe Septen ni al Act
was another measure that conferred upon Ministers and
their dependents an undue and dangeroas aegaisitioto of
influence, and has been a fruitful source of corruption
among electors. The said Act was pesetas a tempo-
rary measure to meet a particular emergency, bat not
without great difficulty; and has always be ee css sidered,
by some of the highest authorities. as an nntrarrantable
and unconstitutional assumption of power by the Parlia-
ment, for the exercise of which authority they had no
more right than they would have had to render them-
selves permanent.
That your Petitiosere having enumerated the fore-
going facts, cannot omit stating some others respecting
the present actual state of the Representation.
That in a Petition presented to your Hon. House in
1793 by the Honourable Mr. Grey (now Lord Grey), it
was alleged! and offered to be proved, that 307 Mem-
bers of your Honourable House, forming a majority
therein, were returned, not by the voice of the People,
bat by 156 Peers and other powerful individuals; and
is the said Petition they attributed the eagerness with
which seats were sought, to the increased National Debs
and consequent increase of influence—the debt being at
that time 244 millions, and the annual expenditure 16
millions. _ _

That your Petitioners beg particularly to impress
upon the minds of your Honourable House, that if the
national debt, which bad been accumulating for a cen-
tury, could in 1793 have so powerful ea !Mitotic', 1$
bow mach higher a degree must its pernicious operations"
have been increased, when from that time to the presentl
it has advanced from 244 to the enormous manual of
800 millions!
That they beg therefore to salt au tun loa of your
Honourable House to the following additional Glass,
'which they believe to besubstastially correct as far as
facts of such a nature can be ascertained.

That there are is your Honourable House no less than
89 Members who hold places, sinecures, or pensions on•
i der the .6overnineut, who share among themselves
183,3721:85. Wed. of the public money, and who, se
your P4liioners are informed and believe, invariably
vote, :very few exceptions, with Ministers; and
that the indirect influence in your Honourable House is
further augmented by the great number of Members
who are the relatives or dependents of persons holding
similar pieces and appointments, as well as by the even•
sire military, nav4l, chorch, and colonial patronage.
That the Boroughs in Cornwall send to your Honour.
able House 42 Members; while, exclusive of county
MemSers, 43 only are returned by sixteen other coun-
ties, including Lyndon and Middlesex.

That the said county of Cornwall contains a popula•
tion of 250,000, and nearly 45,000 houses, and only
ebont 1,200 persons return the said 4i members: That
were the said voters uninfluenced, your Petitioners con-
ceive that this return could in no sense be considered
a representation, even of that county ; whereas, they
are notoriously corrupt, and mostly under the dominion
of patrons.
That the county of Wilts, containing a population of
220,000 and 42,000 houses, returns 32 members; and,
as your Petitioners are informed and believe,' the eke-

dons are wholly nadir the control and dominion of
about 21 isdividuala, among whom are *owe Peers.
That the said commies of Cornwall and Wilts toge-
ther, seed 74 Members; while nineteen other counties.
with a population of nearly tour millions and a half,
send only 76, exclusive of county Members.
That the county of Sorry.
containing more titan
184000 inhabitants. sod 64,000 houses, returns 14
Members: That, exclusive of the electors of South-
wark, about 3,000 in nunsher. the other 12 Members are
returned nominally by about 5110 person,. but in fact by
about half a degen patrons. That at Nation. Bletch-
ingly, Reygate, and Haslemere, in the said county.
Which return eight of the above, the elections are •
prose burlesque, the inhabitants having no more con-
cern therein than the Emperor of Morocco.
; That while these, with (lid Sarum and numerous other
places, which are too well known to be pointed oat, re-
twain an indelible stain upon the character and sense of
the nation, Birmingham,. Manchester, Leeds, and Hali-
fax, containing together a population of more than
400,000 persons, and ether large 801 l populous towns end
districts. and seats of industry, intelligence, and capital,
are wholly excluded from their just and constitutional
share in the Legislature, having no choice whatever in
the election of-Representatives.
That Middlesex and Lancashire, containing a popula.
tion of nearly two millions and • quarter. return only
twenty two Member,: including the county and London
Members.
That in many of the large cities and towns a very
small number of the resident householders have any
*hue in the elections, elitist of the voters being non-
resident.
At Liverpool. for instance. where the population con-
sists of nearly 119,000 persons, the voters do not amount
to 3,000; and two.thirdsof those are non-resident, while
opulent and respectable householders neither have nor
ma obtain the right of voting.
That et other places the election is confined to close
Corporations. composed of a few self-elected
At the city of Bath, containing with its suburbs a popu-
lation of 53,000, the inhabitants have no voice whatever
in the choice of Members—the two Members bring re.
turned by a close self elected Corporation, consisting of
33 persons only; and at Marlborough. containing
upwards of 3,000 iohabitaets. the Members are chosen
in like meaner by a close Corporation of twenty bur-
genes. tccently redoced to only live voters.
That your Petition'', have judged it proper thus to
point out a few instances of glaring inequality: but
your Honourable House mien be 'Mare, that there are a
great number of similar instances which could not be
enumerated in the sp.ice of a Petition; and that in.
stances of bribery.perytry.and corrupt influence pervade
the whole system, potsneing the morals of the people,
and threatening thr subversion of the Constitution.
That it is notoriously known that seats are sold•at
enormously high prices : and your Petitioners submit.
that it is against all experience and credulity to suppose
that those who thus obtain their seats in your Honour-
able House will not indemnify themselves by shamefully
bartering the interests of the public for their own
emohuneet.
That, further to show the progress of corrupt influ-
ence, your Petitioners beg to state. that the number
statutes found necessary to preserve the freedom and
independence of Parliament, to regulate elections. and
to prevent frauds, bribery, Sic. down to the Revolution
of 1688. amounted only to fourteen; those passed from
that time to the death of Oro. 11. were thirty-five. and
those passed during the reign, of Oeo. 111. were filly-
one; making together ninety statutes.
That your Petitioners conceive. that if dm present
dist and embarrassments of the eonotry, the disre-
gard which has year after year been shown to time Peti-
tions of the People, and the majorities whisk , have
appeared devoted to the Mite in support of measures
hostile to their rights and interests. and against the
declared sense of the nation, were not of thenmeives suf-
ficient evidence of the inadequacy of the Representation.
the foregoiog facts cannot fall to produce conviction ofl
its utter isellicacy to correct abuses, and game the
People against the encroachments of power.
That although your Petitioners commit expect that a
reformed Parliament could immediately remove evils so
deeply rooted. they feel confident that. as the want of
this salutary mid vamtitutional control over the Minis-
ters of the Crown has been the great source of national
evil, a Parliament fairly chosen. which shall represent
the feelioge, opiniops, and interests of the Nation at
large, would gradmilly remove their grievauces, and
reconcile the people to such burthens and privations as
may be unavoidable.
Your Petitioners call to the recollection of your Hon.
House, that in this mixed Government of King. Lords, and
Commons, the Representative Body forms an' essential and
fundamental part of the British Constitution,—that it is the
only safeguard of the people against arbitrary power—the
great bulwark by which the life, the liberty, and the pro-
perty of the subject can alone be- protected,—that, in the
words of that great statesman, Lord Somers, " the House
of Commons Is the great inquest of the whole kingdom, to
search into all the oppressions of the King's Ministers"—
that, in the language of not less authority, that of Mr. Lo
" the Supreme Executor acts contrary to Ms trust. whets
either employs the force, treasure. or °Rees of the soci
to corrupt the Representatives. and to gain them to hie put.
poses, or openly pre-engages the electors and prescribes to
their choice; what is it but to cut up the Government by Its
roots, and poison the very fountain of public security'"
And they may also quote the memorable words of Lord
Camden—" Taxation and Representation are Inseparably
united: no British Parliament can separate them; to endea-
your to do it, is to stab our vitals. Taxation and Repre-
sentation are inseparable: this position is founded span the
laws of nature, for whatever is a man's own is absolutely
his owl ; no man has a right to take it front him without his
own consent, either expressed by himself or his representa-
tive. Whoever attempts it, attempts an Injury; whoever
does It, awaits a robbery ; he throws down the distinction
between liberty awl slavery. Taxation and Representation
am coeval with, and entitlel to, the Constitution."
Your Petitioners disclaim all visionary and impracticable
projects of Reform. They are desirous of seeing the Bee-
entiveelovernmeut guarded by all its constitutional peer°.
.t Otis; they are desirous of preserving to the Hereditary
Branch all its just privileges but they are also desirour of
seeing the Representative Body placed upon its true basis,
and rendered the real and efficieot representation of the
people.
Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray. That your Hon.
House will take all these facts and circumstances Into your
serious consideration : that you will come Immediately ell
practicable reductions to be made In the public expendi-
ture. and adopt such measures as may effectually restore to
the people their just share in the Legislature, by a full. fair,
and Bee Representation In Parliament.
Mr. Favann seconded the motion for the petition.
Mr. CAWTHoRN then proposed that a clause alluding to
the Emperor of Morocco should be strockomt.which was
agreed to.
After a few other veriest alterations had been made in
it, it was carried in thstalfirinative.

It was then moved and carried, that the petition should
be presented to Parliament by the members for the city:
and that socb members of the corporation as were no.tn.
bees of Parlismeot should be requested to give it their
support.
Tanks were then voted to the Lord Mayor, and the
Court broke op,

'The Jolly Butchers' Clare-ntarket, the house of
Mr. George Robinson, was mentioned by mistake, in
the liow•street report in yesterday's STATESMAN, in.
stead of the Hatcher■' Arras, /as a hour of resort for
characters of the worst description.
