• -,-- • -

-a-kr

~~'-

_

THE STATESMAN.

Weimar would do every thing in his power to make Mel MAI
people happy, where he not too old. and had not his son, sane sea.
married above his condition ; he is now so dependent 3 Dublin
on !lassie, that he was obliged to select a Russian as his I wIlt"1"4
51inister for Foreign Affairs. At the University of thle7 a" Jersey • •
Jena the slightest circumstance was immetliatelyireport-1,-,
Onttenbo .
..
ed to Russia ; and the well-known Russian spy Kota-;
bite had his 'residence (here. The kingdom of Saxony PRICE OF STOCKS Till
believes itself contented, and respects its King' Rank Stock
as after its death, it dreads falling to Prussia.—
a
Tile dread of a great itnpentling danger 3 per Cent. Cons.
insensible to that which is present. In the Grand ,31 per Cent. 731
by of Nassau a truiy Jlachiavelian policy pre-4 per Cents. Kalil
veil. It is ruled by the famous Iltel, a dextrous 3 per Cent. Navy
politician, who cannot be reproached with doing ; Long Ann. 170-16
any thing contrary to law, for he is prudent enough Imp. per Cent. Ann. MI
to take the precaution of making only bad laws.—
The whole land is one secret police. Every higher
office-bearer acts as a spy over the inferior office-
bearers, by means of an galiet by which the appoint-
ment of all servants of the State is considered as pro-
vis;onal only during the first five years; and all the Re-
port. centre in the bands of one Minister. The I.onsti-
onion is a mere farce, got np by the dextrous Ibet
in
twenty-four hours. Every man of any weight, such as
the Criminal Judge Snell, !kr. was immediately driven
out of the country. The condition of this (hand Duchy
is horrible, and very lurch like that of Hesse Darmstadt.
The Ihtke is a good-natured man, who, when the Em-
peror Francis told hint that nothing could surpass the
admirable manner in which his territories were govern-
eat, run in all haste to M. Von Marschall, his Minister,
then confined to his bed, to repeat what lie had heard.
Who can think of the shocking manner in which Milan
is treated by Austria without shuddering? The Em-
peror would no doubt be pleased to see his country happy;
but as it it is more easy to make gmd sealing-wax than
to snake a people happy by a variety of sacrifices, he pre-
fers the former. in Which he has attained a wonderful
dexterity, particularly in making black um The
fete listens. as they are called, have lost their inde-
pendence hang ago, anal only vegetate with difficulty,
Floe- hatred against tiovernment in the Rhenish pro-
vinces and Sawn Prussia, exceeds every thing that,
can be conceived. The times of Napoleon are una-1
ninionsly wished back again—they are deemed a golden
age in comparison stith the present leaden one. But it,
is not nay intention to write a Chronique Seandalettue,
°them ice I cool] sale things which would fill event
reader with hatred, abhorrence, and disgust. lam 11i
no want of material., as we have made a sufficient col-
lection of them, with the view of composing a mirror he,
Princes. Every one, it is to be hoped, will be able to
judge for himself, whether it is possible that a State can
stand in tshich the people arc ripe for freedom, and the
i flood mounds
by
princes wish to stop the oyerwheint.itg
like thew. It st be otherwise, and it will be other-
ite. Eternal justice anal the destination of man assure
us of it. Tltrungli battle to victory, and through dark-
ness to light. Civic equality and the will of the people
alone, can be called ruling by the grace of ! Arise,
ar'se, nay people—tiod created thee free, anal calls on
thee to leave the wildernesses of slavery for the shores
of freedoms. But first, nay fi•reently-beloved country,
net than pass through the !led Sea, through the blood-
+au clues o/ thy eons, and it trill mallow tap the Pharoah
1., horn.s and chariots, crowns and armies.
'A
(I[a MAN.

DI7CII MAIL,

Dacus, Dec. 25.—1 n the very remarkable debate
which ended in the rejection of the Financial Laws pro-
posed by the thtteeenteent, there appeared nos. Aidireet
grounds of opposition. Some of the speakers, particu-
larly those of the Southern Provinces, grounded their
opposition on the excessive expenditure, whirl,, in their
opinion, brought the country to the brink of ruin ;
others thought, that though the expenses of the present
year were not too great, yet they could not be adopted
for ten years ; anal a third party did nut think the re-
process so excessive that they could reject the proposed
laws on this ground, but, in their opinion, the causes of
all the embarrassments which had been experienced for
the last four years, were to be sought in the injudicious
nature of a system of reveling., which, however continu=
ally reduced in its limits, yet always remained below ,
the limits fixed—they therefore judged it impossible so,
troetitine this system for ten years. The Direetor-Deoe-
ral endeavoured to refute all these arguments, as well by
au int rodoetury discourse before the opening of the de-
bate, as by a detailed circumstantial reply at the end of
the debate, to the objections of the several speakers.
The following- are the particulars of the laws rejected :
No. I. First project of the lave for the decennial
budget. R.
budget. 1, us first proposed, rejected unanimously.
by the :1!‘ Members present. No. 2. Project of law for
the decennial budget, If 'ails and Means, rejected by 971
votes to I. N 0.3. Revisal of the first law, rejected by
55 to 13. No. I. Revival of the second project of law,
rejected by 62 to :16. Nu. 5. Law N 0.3 of nth October,
relative to the extraordinary budget of MO (Expendi- '
tare), rejected by fib to 341. No. 6. LawlNo.4, of bill
4 trtolw, relative to the extraordinary budget of 11420
(Ways tool Means), rejected by 70 votes to 29. No. 7.
Law No. 5, proposed the 2btli October, to give the Go- ;
vet-omens a credit of 21,000010, according to the laws of
24th February, Ittle, adopted by 51 votes to 44.
Haers, Dec. 27.—1 n the Sitting of the Second Cham-
ber, this clay, a Message from his Majesty was read,
stating, that their nigh Mightinesses having reported
the Financial Laws proposed to then., it was impossible
to fix the Repenolittire and Ways and Means (as pre-
seriherl by the funtiatnental law) for this year; it is ne-
cessary to provide for the ordinary expenses of °ovens-
ment, for satisfying the claims of the yublic creditors,
which his Majesty is engaged in liquidating with all
the speed that the importance of the subject will allow
of, on the measures to he proposed to the States Ilene-
ral for the execution of the above-mentioned article of
the fundamental law. His Majesty, feeling it his duty,
to prevent any stagnation in the public business, sent will
this message a projectof law, theubject of which is to malt
fain, in future, the existing laws en the subject for '
space of eight months after the 31st December, lb.,
or for sorb shorter period as they shall remain tintype-
lasted by other laws to be hereafter enacted. This mew
sage anal project of law bring read, it was resolved
refer them immediately to the Sections, to hear the
port of the Central Section, in the afternoon sitti;:,
and then to proceed immediately to the debate. A point
of form, however, rendering it necessary to adjourn the
debate till the following morning, the Chamber met on
the 29th, at eleven o'clock, when, after sonic previosis
conversation. the proposed law was put to the vote, and
passed unanimously, eighty-one Members being present

Gordon William Kelly, of the Middle Temple,
Esq. Barrister at Law, was on Friday elected Be- ,
corder of Colchester.
It would appear that the French paragraph,'
stating Mr. T. Weld to have retired from the
world and its concerns, and dedicated himself to
the church, is erroneous, since he has been lbr
some years and still is engaged in litigation relative
to tithes, with landed proprietors iu the neighbour-
hood of his Stony hunt Mansion, so long occupied
by a company of 'Jesuits.

LONDON:
MoNbAY, JANUARY 3, 1810.

We have received Paris Papers to the Ist inst. :
their contents are devoid of interest.
The Chamber of Peers assembled on Tuesday.
The Pmjet respecting the provisional collection of
six-twelfths of the taxes was adopted, article by
article, and a scrutiny taken on the whole, when
there appeared for it, 138: against it, 9.
The Chamber of Deputies were expected to have
a public sitting on Thursday. The 12th instant, it
is .said, the Project is to be presented to them re-
specting the Election Law.
The Marquis de LITOUR-11AUBOURG, Minister
of War, has addressed a Circular to the Colonels
of Regiments, stating, that seditious addresses have
been disseminated amongst the troops in the se-
veral garrisons, with the guilty intention of sedue-
ing them from their duty.
BRUNSWICK, DEC. I;.—The Assembly of States hold
its sittings daily ; but nothing has hitherto transpired
as to the result of its deliberations.
111sNitetm, Dec. 22.—Our fears are now realized.
The mild temperature (accotnpanied with rain) which
has prevailed during the last week, having melted the
I enormous masses of snow in the high mountains, a con-
siderable flood has been the result ; the Necker, in the
course of -IS hours, rose 15 feet, and caused a general
1 inundation. On the other side, the Rhine has risen
eight feet above its usual height ; and this river also
threatens an overflowing-.
ASCHAFFENRCRO, Dec. 23.—Her 31ajesty the Queen
'of Sweden arrived here yesterday evening. She set out
I this morning on her return for Wurtzburg, where one
of her daughters remain.
MADRID, DRC. 17.—The sanitary state of Seville and
iAyainontes, as well as of the adjacent towns, continues
to improve. The Supreme Junta of Public Health has
o decided, that the communications by land with the ca-
pital may be renewed on the Zia of Jatotaiy, at which
epoch the rigorous quarantine will terminate.
At Cadiz, from the 10th to the 12th of December, the
number of convalescents were 30, of whom two are per-
fectly re-established. During the same period 28 per-
! sons have died from ordinary diseases.
From the tith to the 10th five persons died at San
Fernando, and there remained 36 invalids.
On the same day one alone died at Puerto Real, and
there remained three invalids-

At Puerto de Santi Marie three are dead, and there
remain 100, all sick of ordinary complaints, without any
fresh manifestation of the plague.
At Xeres, one person remained ill of the yellow fever.
San Juan de Ilarramidu is free from disease, as well
as are the other provinces of the kingdom.
FRENCH FeNDII (Wcunzsort).—Five per Cents 701.
c.-3ank Actions 1390 f. 50c.

We are sincerely glad to observe the honest part
of the press stand up manfully to complain of and
to reclaim what has been so recently lost on the
score of its liberty. As to the venal, the servile, the
corrupt part, it is out of the order of defenders of
the bulwark of freedom. Its virtues are sold to its
enemies; they have no chance of ever taking rank
again with the esteemed champions of their abused
country. They are like leeches, they suck the tu-
mid blood of the diseased State, and when full,
which one might have thought would have been the
case ere now, they will drop off, and die despised by
those who employed them. We give a most excellent
dissertation on the political state of Germany in
"Ter STATEssiAN't of this day, which cannot fail
So make an advantageous impression on every well
constructed

our chains, thought obliged .
the work to save their own lives. What impulse is
there so strong in human nature as self-preservation /
They did not want for art and skill to effect their
purpose. They have been too long in office not to
have acquired all that kind of proficiency. They
had besides, most apt and fit matter to work upon.
' There are not, perhaps, in nature, more plastic ma-
' aerials than are to be found in what is understood
by an English or Irish country gentleman. His in-
dividual wealth is his and his country's weakness.
Through this does the artful Minister, with his
venal crew of journalists, work upon his mind, till
therein no absurdity he will not give credence to.

I

i

In the French Revolution, be believed the Sant
CuIOW roasted the children of the Aristocrats,
atul ate them : and now recently at home, they
were impressed with the noti.m that the Spcncrans,
to the number of a million, were about to make
their visitations mono the holders of masses of
land, and to cut their rent-rolls into slips, leaving
the lordly owner but a small portion oTit to himself.
But no matter, the mischief has been done; these
too rich men, fur now we may say 6-.1 without being
justly charged with condenmehle invidiousness,
since their J ruperty is the mist• of our ihrerst;
these too rich, and too cr,dalons personages,
have done all the mischief that a set of desperate
political artists saw them cal ‘aile of doing ; and we
must endeavour to overt it from i!s last and deadly
design. Our Liver:mot. a, CASTLEREAcas, and
CANNING*, with their mati.2- SIDMOVTH,
know well that the subjects ,:r country, wl:en
once subdued, and consciocs of the impossibility
of shaking, off the yoke. thick only how to render
their condition tolerable, seeking their tcmporaly
safety in baseness. These bluer enemies to Bri-
ton's freedom expect that. bt•lieving, or rather
knowing ourselves to be fr::` 11U longer, we
shall soon despise liberty. It may be thus
with many, hut not so with all. It shall not
be found with ourselves. If our feeble hand,
directed by an honest heart, lins been able to do
something in the way of example and precept,
under the most vexatious of extraneous circum-
stances, and that it has, theNastly increased circu-
lation of THE STATESM CS is an irrt fragable proof,
what may not be hoped and expected when, freed
from every care or concern but that of the promul-
gation of sentiments in fnvour of, and calculated to
regain and establish the liberty of our country !!
Many good patriots (if there are sech among us
still; but why do we say if there ate—they must
be numberless), sensible that they should be de-
serted by almost every ow!, ient!ire not on mea-
sures which would serve only to bring destruc-
tion on themselves and families. That reduced
to wish for a better condition, without daring to
attempt any thing to rescue their fellow-conntry-
men from their misery, and even to "eppland that
which it would prove dangerous to blame, they, as
the rest, resolve to be submissive. Hence a baso
servility begins to prevail among a people once re-
nowned for the independency of their mind, till at
.length every one offers n:c.Alse to the idol they
detest.
To save the British people from this disgrace
and degradation shall be the study and the labour of
the small portion of life which may remain to one
who knows of no distinction under Heaven tanta-
mount to that of hating served his country!! !

The Dutch appear to be unskilled in the arts of
bribery and corruption. hat a Gincornment mea-
sure should be unanimmts! y rejected by the Council
of the Nation is indeed unique.! The Mynheera
run no risk of being called sans culottes, wearing
as they do so much broad-cloth in the place of
unmentionables ; but our Cm! r ice" , Posta, &e.
would be sure to stigmatize them as Jacobins, for
throwing out by immense majorities six out of
seven of the propositions of the Court and Ministry.
I If our Representatives had acted the same part with
respect to the late six Bills. e. had thrown live of
them out, which they might have done with equal
honesty and patriotism, they woidd have been
punished with dissolution ; but the circumstance
could never happen so here—our discipline is too
correct to allow of any thing so erratic and ic-

regular !
The Princess of Wirtemburg, tinder the name
of the Duchess of Montfort, and by Nirtue of her
matrimonial rights as the spilase43f Joseph Huonaparte,
now carries on an action ai;aiii,t several bankers in the
capital, and from which it appear., intended to inenlpate
the administration of NI. and Madame Ilacchiocchi, at
the time when they were invested with the Principality
of Lucca. 31. Hennequin, Advocate fur the Duchess of
Montfort, represented, that at the restoration in 1814.
Jerome Buonaparte, feeling some uneasiness respecting
the possession of two superb estates lying in Touraine,
and which he had bought from M. jnn. for a
sum between eight and 9010,0110 francs ; his agents agreed
to effect an exchange with some French speculators of
those estates for some others situated in the Princi-
pality of Lucca, and in the province of Alassa-Carrara.
fhe law of Itil6 ordered, that the limbers of the
Iltionapartean family should nut be deprived of any
,rty_except that which they had received as a gra-
The specnlatists preserved peeeenbly the pee- .0
- estates of Villandry and of Steins, in 'fon-
Joronie Buonaparte was dispossessed of the
_states, under the order of the Austrian Court,
supported the pretensions of the Arrh Duchess
The sale was annulled, not precisely on account
being national, but because as the effect
concerted ht•tween M. Hacrinechi and tbe ar-
order to de, ive even the French tiovernment.
• of Montfort now demands the anaohneot
of exchange, by virtue of the 727th .nd
of the Civil Code. The discussion, wh eb
yesterday on behalf of the Duchess, has bet a
4 for a week, in order to give aa opportunity for
.cply of M. Tripier, who is to plead for the opposing
parties.
A Morning Paper classes the following amongst
the most ressarkabk events of the year 1819, " The
Primes Regent received the Saeraneenl at Brigh-
ton, flee. U."
At a period when so much encouragement is
given to every invention which has for its object
the destruction of the human species, it may be
gratifying to the Philavahropierl to learn, that a
Correspondent has directed his attention to the ex-
tirpation of a troublesome insect. Take the fol-
lowing
To Isaiah the Flew.—Keep is or aloe* the MI e
sprig of pennyroyal, or put • jilt drops if the mese*
upon the tier-elethes : the swell will election, Mak&
those troublesome visitants."

II:: So make an advantageous impression on every wen . property except
lene- constructed mind. These elaborate productions of , laity. The spt
e of session of the co
patriotic few operate like an evening gun in a 1
linty, lem • . raine, while Jar
wit
it
p orAtarrkin.; tbey apprise us that the enemy 1 Italian ,stateL
all 'On the RM. 'tit, d not far fn us. England i which sapporto
the Hl' n these rem%hoejices. She U.!
1819,1 , .. liestrix. The is
1 of the property
. e, andlahas bier Aloe, prf n.lly flat- iof a fraud cone
repo.' 11"
men- 1 tered by forteiite,. lint wo.knovs4intkreneMelaim t quirers„ in orde
..1 . -
"I is i she can plead ier Vial . .... ilt - The Duchess u
le rr- i .
Mac 'I accidents which have befallen t'S g 'otis , articles o
Pticnt frituvr' 141';Z1411,12,0t. f the contract
point in their turns. The men who bade been forging i was oPeued yes
ii die! i postponed for a
_. our chains, thought themselves obliged to perform
the reply
of M.
