TTIF: S'IIATFSMAN.

111.1111Merminme
ing felicity or national liberty front Itus,il We army, official information of the repeal of the
obey, with full confidence, the artier of our august Orders in Council, and that instructions had
Sovereign ; and we fight by the title of the.armies:
of his great Ally., ,beieVtertivineetl'tyvtalperience been sent out by the British Government to Mr.
FOSTER, to open negociations with our Government
that our wise :Woriarch has never led.vis into error.
We declare, with gratitude,thatit is io him, and on all the points in difference between the two na-
to his virtues, that we owe the` preservation of our titans; but that in consequence of Mr. Fosysa's
national existence, notwithstanding the storms by.t.baring withdrawn from. the .United States, the (it;
which it has been often endangered ; and we give , vernor.General of Canada proposed an Armistice,*
ourselves to his pleasure, with it firm confidence in i Suspension of Arms, till the answer of the Ameriegit
what regards our future happiness. At the (me
Government could be obtained to the overtures which
time, we combat in behalf of a.brave nation, allied
with us from time immemorial—the Poles; a people i'would be made to it on the part of the British Court.
distinguished by-their patriotism, and formidable for i What has been the result of the conferences between
their valour. Their stake in the contest, is their ! General DeAnaoßN and Colonel BAYNE4, we hue
honour and their existence as a nation ; our's is the I not been able to learn, although we are led to believe
preservation of advantagt.s, which render us so happy, ,
that there is nothirig which we have to envy any as most probable, that a partial Armistice, and for a
short time, has
been agreed upon.
where else, either in point of comfort, liberty, in-
telligence, the administration of justice, industry, " Another report says, that Col. BAYses was in
security of property, and every thing that can con- possession of the instructions sent to Mr. FOSTER,
tribute to the national prosperity-. and that he came to this city with intention to pro-
:MUNICH, SEPT. 2.—A Bavarian Officer has writ.
ceed to the seat of Government, but that permission
ten the following reply to the Proclamation of Gene-
ral Toll : to that effect could not be obtained from Gen. DEAR.
46 Your appeal to the Germans has excited the BORN. Colonel BAYNES left town yesterday on his
surprise and indignation of the Bavarian army.— return to Canada."
How could the War Minister of a great nation put In addition to the above we are Wormed
his name to a libel so infamous? Europe thought that there are letters in town from Albany, stating,
that the time was past when unbridled demagogues
that an armistice was actually concluded at nine
publicly invited the subjects of other States to revolt
against legitimate authoiity. Does it become you, o'clock on Saturday evening, to continue for 30 days.
Sir, to recal the remembrance of these revolutionists, • —(Halifax Journal, Aug.'2 I.)
or to vie with them in offensive language? In truth, FROM TILE FEDERAL REPUBLICAN AND COMMERCIAL
you, or your superiors, are very ill-informed of the GAZETTE.
true situation•of Europe. My countrymen are as I Or.oItGETOWN, Aanoss 5.
Indignant at your appeal as I am. " The truth rrrust.be told, although it be shock-
" All Bavarians will reply to yon,—We are ing. The mangled corpse of General LINGAN was
neither slaves, nor the unfortunate instruments of
thrown out of the prison, and lay on the earth,
foreign ambition : we have been for ages the sub-
jects of one of the ancient houses of Princes, who like that of a dog, till the middle of the next day,
govern us with mildness and wisdom. The Govern- when it was obtained, and buried by a relative.
meat, enlightened as to its true interests, freely —We understand that a general and unbounded in.
asolciates in the grand league against Russia; it is a dignation at theinhuman murder of General LINGAN,
fruit of its previous accession to the Confederation
and exasperation at the approving inactivity of the
of the Rhine, which you threatened by assemblages
of troops, and of your opposition to the Continental Magistrates, pervades Montgomery, and that they
system, which can alone save Europe from commer- are felcin other parts of the State. Many of the
cial slavery to England, &c. &c." citizens have put on mourning for him, which they
mean not to lay aside until his death is perfectly
avenged. For such a mail, so perishing, tears and
grief, the common pomp of war, which more fre-
quently follows the unworthy and undistinguished, to
their earthly places of repose, are not enough. Ought
not his niemory to be honoured by some more remark-
able proof of public sorrow. What is due to him, in
particular from Montgomery, and from every in-
habitant of Maryland, who knows how to value his
former serVices, and who deplores him the more on
account of the manner is which he was cut off? The
answer to this question ought, we think, to be given
by'assepthhiges of the people, convened expressly for
the pvirfi.the of consulting upon the suhject. Mean-
while, every man, woman, and child, in Montgomery,
might wear *srSme convenient badges of mourning for
the Chief so much beloved, and who perished so

Arr. --.
Mal .
ik
I)ne
. r
.
2
1
A
, • 0
0
• 1
. 1

PRICE 01+ STOCKS THIS
Hank
$ per C.eat. Coo. SOW
3 per Cent. Red.
per Cents.
5 per Cent. Navy 901
Imett• Ann.

1)Alf AT ONE ()"CLOCK.
India Bolide 7 8 dis.
Eiclierrer*Bi4l.9•lll. Os 21 d
Ditto tired. 3 5 p
Minium 613 ii pr.
Consols for Acct. 59fili
Lottery Tickets •

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:
PRIDAYI SlFT=Mille ISt IRII.

PEACE WITH- AURICA.

- • •

FALMOUTH, sun. 15.

We have to announcithe hiportant and agreeable
intelligence of AmcntcA hails% revoked the DECLA.
nATtan or Win against England, as will appear by
the following Letter, which we received from a Cot.
respondent at Liverponi this morning; and, from the
respectable channel by which it waienmcgogiqited to
us, we have no doubt of its nuthentiesly,sl.44, '

His Majesty's ketch Gleaner, 10 guns, arrived off
the Land's End this morning, with dispatches from,
America. The Messenger, in charge of the dis-
patches, arrived here about three o'clock this after-
noon, and went off again immediately in a post-chaise
and four for London. The Gleaner left New
York the 15th ult. and Halifax the 26th. At the
time she left New York, every appearance was of
the most hostile nature, and no alteration had taken
place in consequence of the notice of the revocation
of the Orders in Council ; and amongst the well-
informed of New York, it was not expected that any
alteration would take place, so long as President
MADISON remained in power. Parties run very
high in the United States, and very serious dig.
turbances were apprehended between the Fede-
ralists and their opponents, who wive very
violent. No accounts had been received at New
York of Commodore ROMER'S squadron, and the
Americans were much alarmed for them ; three large
privateers were carried into Halifax the 25th ult.
and that harbour was crowded with American prizes.
His Majesty's ship Belvidere had been chased into
the harbour of Halifax by two American frigates,
and after landing 200 American prisoners, had, in
company with a sloop of war, sailed in quest of the
I American frigates. Ills Majesty's ship' Indians 18
guns, with a convoy of 40 sail from St. John's, New
Brunswick, had _arrived at Halifax and were to
sail for England the day after the Ciiitret.
WAGNEU, the Editor of the Baltimore Federal Re.
publican paper, had established his press at George
Town near Washington, where he continued to
publish, and where he was supported by a strong
party of Federalists.

.4iVPOOLIrPv.AR

A vessel, called the Generai-Wafhinglori, k just
arrived from America in two-and-twenty' days, bring.
iAg the agreeable news of Peace. The PRESIDENT
Called a Meeting of the House of Assembly, when
the Declaration of War was revoked by a majority
of 53 to 36.

We have received further French Papers to the
12th instant, containing the Fifteenth Bulletin of the
Grand Army, dated the '27th pit, which will be found
important, although no fresh battle had taken place.
The Bulletin Is dated Slawkovo, on the road to
Moscow, and it appears that NAPOLEON intends to
make a detour to avoid the Forest of Volkonskelles.
The loss of the Russians in the defence of Sin°.
lensko and the battle of Valentina, is stated in
the Bulletin to amount from 25 to 30,000 men. It
is probable the above statement may be exaggerated,
but it is erideut that the French are rapidly advanc.
•
ing to Moscow, where, as we have Wore stated, it
is probable the campaign will terminate,

A Mail from Halifax has arrived, op to the 25th
ult. which corroborate the probability of an arnica-
ble adjustment taking place ; and states, that an Ar-
mistice, or•Suspentlan of Arms, was proposed by the
Governor-General of Canada, till an answer should
be obtained from the American Government respect-
ing overtures made by the British Court.--The fol.
lowing are extracts

We this morning received the following letter
from our Correspondent at Dover :

Scrr. 17.

It seems to be much doubted by the Courier, that
the passengeri who came from Calais, In the Sarah
Ilekaa,. had' seen the 15th Bulletin before they
quitted. that place; but to this I can add, that they
natonly saw it, but also read the Monileur, into
which it was copied, and bore date the Ist instant.
Thera-certainly were no rejoicings on the occasion,
nor the least manifestation of pleasure visible in the
countenances of.the inhabitants of Calais. One of
the pitrle9gers had possessed himself of a Bulletin,
but It wits taken from him by the Commissary, who
load wieitg Proclamation, addressed to the Ladies
knd Gentlemen, stating, as they were then going to
Anseriestr ind might, perhaps, pass over to England
catsthe Mine gine be well knew the vessel was corning

•

•

. s -

to this country) they would not fail to make known
the universal successes of their Emecaon, at the same
time cautioning them, that should the slightest word
derogatory to the honour of the EMPEROR, or the
interest of the great Empire, escape their lips, agents
were employed all over the world, who would note
and send an account of their actions, and their pu-
nishment would be according. It is astonishing what
methods they have of circulating through the coun-
try the most partial victory over their enemy ; snuff—
boxes with plans of the attack, and maps of the si-
toation where the engagement took place, are sent
to every shop, and sold at 12 sous ; one of these
was purchased by a passenger, and shown me; it
contained a map of the Mission Empire on the lid,
and particularly noticed the place where the French
I had arrived.

Nothing public was known at Calais of the en.
trance of our army into Madrid, though it wa,
pored every where, and currently stated, that MAP.
most died two days after the battle of Salamancs, of
his wounds.

In the war with Austria and Russia the Tr.lnch
used to send Bulletins of their success, put into a
cask or keg, corked up and put afloat for our boat;
to pick up, it is therefore to he wondered that they
have not had recourse to their old expedient, after
the many great battles they have won in Spain and
Russia, lately puliished in their Bulletins.

Letters from Cuellar and Madrid, of the 27th tilt:
are said to mention, that " the Marquis of Wm-
LINGTON had reinforced General Custroiv, at Cuel.
lar, with the 4241 and Wid regiments ; and no doubt
was entertained of the General being able to keep
the remains of MARMONT'S army in complete check.
Our troops, from the great exertions made, wanted a
little rest before they recommenced very active ope.
rations •, but that part of the euemfs army which
they had driven before them, required rest fully as
much. Gen. lltr.r. was at his former position on the
2.lth ult. Col. STIRLING, of the 42d, has been
ap-
pointed to the command of a brigade. "—Other ac.
counts which we seen, state that Bosspirr had crossed
the Picuerga, between Palencia and Valladolid, and
was watching Vie force under Gen. CLINTON) till
MAssENA sho-uld join.

The following were yesterday posted up at Lloyd's :
" BALTIMORE, Jur.ir 13.—Yesterdiy morning our
little fleet of privateers got under way from the fort,
Commodore 8 tnxxv, in the Rani°, led the van ;
it consisted of six sail, and as many more will sail in
a week.

GUAGALOUPF., AUG. 15.—American privateers.
are swarming. The Andromache, hound to -it.
Lucia, with 10 guns and 40 men, fell in with a pri-
vateer of 14 guns and 150 men, and beat her off af-
ter an engagement of two hours the merchantman
had two men killed and three or four wounded. The
privateer had destroyed several vessels off Marti•
nique. All the ships of war are out cruizing, except
the Dragon, which is at the Saints. The naval force
upon the station is not sufficient for the protection of
the Islands."

Advices from flerlin of the 25th of Anovt, have
reached town, containing the following public no.
tices:—

d
tl.ifthreaertei ta.ist.tent,n) attempt
saving
siutag
what wild-goose enterprise may not *e• etb-tit t 0...
It is said that the Horse Guar-47'7)
li
thhoemßaadletictoinsrteceaodreorf SLatiino,wearndt
be muter, k
t emen
rs; as the e
oneltal Nue.
(r.,ufildecv;:tirlyhais,ectie,s,,3.,i
hs7ar:
his withmsi;cilst
olititrw:XlicithnfilrecTlCeCalyi etontal::
be
t usefulus t
some malignant planet governed the Isle, t"
its resources so perverted. What ' has O hat,,
of nor little force--the pursuit of minor 1‘
2.Ni"
and above all the pursuit of personal objects objects_
power, and by dernonstrntine
I re-establish ihe intiopernletiL of thee fight
. only to.
neighbouring
Viovernments? We trust that this rumour is a libel
on the Preece's 11!inieters! •
IVe here still every reason for believing, that it is
the intention of Ministers to dissolve Parliament
Setae time about the 10th of next month.
A Gentleman who was at Abo when the inte •
took place there between the Emperor of . niew
Rem 1 and
the Croy, n Prince of Sean! e, - * *
states, that nothieg
had transpired
as to any mutual arrangements -
en-
terede into, but the ntmest harm -
veil between the pasties. It has been erroneteely
stated, that a Commissioner from Denmark ‘' - attcatled
i on this occasion.
1 The Alfred, Regulus, and Dover, on sailed W ed.
! nesday from Portsmouth, with the Ist battalion of
the Ist Regiment of Guards on board. They will
land at Corunna.
Major-Geneval Wieera has cl to
sueceetiethe c'm.
mud of the Aiilitary District of If ' - •
a.. tangtou, is
Scotland.
A tletachment of the corps of Royal Artillery ni •
ll
twee •s • i pr-d ft w season to Ceylon.
*Severn) 'Wee: m tits of the Life Guard, such as
are unfit for foreign service, have been dispatched
from head-qnamers an recruiting service. Orders
! have been issued for these parties to take recruits,
without bounty, two inches under the standard, that
is, if live feet nine ittches they will be accepted.
BANK os ENeeeNts.—A Quarterly General Court
of the Proprietors of kink Stuck, acco.ding to the
Charter, was yesterday held at the Company's Court.
room, its Threedneedle-street. It was also a Half.
• yearly Court, under a by-law of the Cone,iany. Mr.
! Messier; (the Governor) stated, as the opinion of
the Court of Directors, Ist, That st. per cent. in.
serest and profits, should be paid for the half year,
ending on the 10th of October next.-2d, That it
Iproprietors, should be paid to the in
i tier as the last half year, without deducting the Pro.
perty.tax of 10 per cent. from the dividend warrants.
• And 3d, That the dividend warrants shall be delivered
and paid on the 1 lth of October next. These three
propositions were trianimously acceded to by the Pro.
1 prietore, and the Court immediately adjourned.
On Monday next, being St. Matthew's-day, ac.
cording to mutual custom the Lona MAYOR, Alder.
men, Sheriffs, and Governors of the several Rove!
Hospitals will attend Divine Service at Christ Chart.!,,
After the Sermon they will repair to the Great Hall
in Christ's Hospital, where two orations will he de.
livered, in Latin by Enwenn RICE, in English by
WILLIAM. Belton HAYM; the two senior scholars
of the Grammar School.
The new Opera composed by Sir Some Seem.
sox, and which is forthcoming at the Lyceum, wag
written by Mr. Cons, an Irish pet tl !mart, and,
-stgailletlfiret tereeport, It possesses no ordinary share
of dramatic merit.
A prodigicuely fat child has been for route time
eehibited as a show at Paris. If we may believe his
permits he is nut more then five years and nine
months old—but an examination of his teeth proves
him to be eight years old—be that as it may, he ex-
hibits a combination of very sinenlar phenomena. He
is three feet four inches in heielit. lie weighs ft 7
pounds. He has the thighs, arms, and hotly of an ad 1:
in sire, thoegh not in development of bone and rms.
die. His hands and feet are not in proper:ion with
his other limbs, they do not exceed in size :hose of
• a child from eight to ten years of age. tlis head
is large, his hair woelly, and his eye-brows :heck.
His face is very fat anti high celottred, and his
neck short. He has fine black eyes. His thetre
is not dieettetine it bears some resemblance to
, . „
that of a very fat woman of thirty. ilia smile has
;too much in it of archness and itlatitine ;;race.--
t The breasts of the child arc as large as • ho-e of a
very large woman, but they have neither nipples nor
glands. They are extremely soft, and are, as it
were, curved from the arm pits towards the sternum, ;
so that the two ends meet, notwithstanding which
curvation, they resemble the breasts of a woman.—
: The muscles of this enormous child are a soft light
fat, which feels like begs' lard, and covers the
fleshy part. It would appear as if all the vital
powers were directed to the development of fat. at
the expence of the muscles and bones. The back
is covered with a mass of soft fat, which floats us it
were beneath tit • skin. It is easily tram* up by the
hand in distinct masses. This fat increases in such
a degree beneath the arm pits that the child cannot
_ tjuteeth difficulty raise his hands to, his mettle His
reopiettion is laboriouli, andle-Miftirorivithout much
difficulty rise from his chair. When he is up it is
easy to perceive that the weight of his fat is ter' dis•
1 tressing to him. There is every reason to suppose
• that an apoplexy will put an end shortly to his exist.
I mice. His manners are childish, nor is his under-
; standing above that of ordinary children. His tern'
;is not strong. He articulates badly when :emu te ioe
the questions put to him, but when he gets iieo
. a passion, which is not unfrequently the caw,
' bis voice becomes loud and vehement, and sone-
! thing like that of no *citable market-tsetse,.
Buried in his fat, We speaks only in moneeth
!aides, when he rs not enraged. Whenever lie
iis contradicted, he upbraids his adversary ie
; very grriss terms, which appear to have leen
' taught him with a slew to the amusement of those
who visit him. The avarice of the person who exhi.
bits the chile induces him to envelope his moral ex.
;.istonce with ridiculous mystery, iti consequence of
which it is impossible to obtain any information
with respect to it, such as would be useful to the lA.
turalist. His answers to the simplest questions our
site of stupid and irrelevant arguments, A yeot;
girl, nho passes •for the
is easonahle twin-sitter of the ettilti, ''
el
.evidently much older than he, awl itr
re' llt.
let ppese that sive passes as filch 111 g yto add to
Asa, veltous,. --(leurndl de I,`Bopire.) .
~ •

" llosavarm Ava. 28.—The Director of the !
Custom-houses informs the Merchants, that by a De.
cree, dated from Wilt's', his Imperial Majesty has
ordered, that the ships belonging to the Hanseatic
Ports be, within six months, provided with the
Flags and Insignia of France.
" For his Excellency the Director. &s.
(Signed) " ONNIF.R."
" By advice of the Special Council, and by order
of the Director, &c. the Merchants are hereby art.
prised, that according to the direction of the Mi.
'lister of Manufactures and Commerce, all mer-
chandise imported from France and Holland into the
Hanseatic Department., may be exported on the
proper evidence being produced, that such mer-
chandise has paid the regular duties in FranCe and
Holland."

(Signed as shore.)

Extract of a letter from Palermo, July
" The politics of this country have taken a most ,
favourable torn. Parliament met a few days ago,
for the purpose of considering the perilous situation
of the country. The Nobility unanimously re- .
solved, and announced it with acclamation, that the
feudal system should be abolished ; that they would
give op all their rights and privileges ; and that the
peasantry and themselves should enjoy the same laws.
They further declare the Sicilian Constitution de-
cayed, and that it was necessary to form a new one
after that of England ; that the Parliament should
consist of Lords and Commons, and that the King
should not have power to do any thing n ithout the
T6nitchrbt The- Partiarnent ; that the Jodgets-shosild-
be declared independent, and appointed for life.—
Lord W. BENTINCIL is appointed Lord Chancellor :
in fact, every thing is now arranged as favourably as'
we can wish. The QUEEN came to town next morn.
ing in great state, supposing every thing would have
gone on in the House as she wished ; and that once
more she would have taken up the reins of Govern.
omit, little expecting what she had to meet in Palermo.
However, she very prudently retired into the coun.
try the same morning. Thus a most wonderful lte-
. volution has been effected without a drop of blood
being shed, or any confusion taking place."
Yesterday licences for ships proceeding from the
United States with grain to the Peninsula were stop.
ped by the Lords of Trade. It appears that thoy
have already granted 650 of this descriptions wide!'
they consider amply sufficient.

Extract of a letter from Halifax, Nova Scetiav
dated July 28 His Majesty's ship Acgaisi of:
48 guns, Captain Kean, has just arrived here,
.
bringing with her a remarkable fine American priva-
teer, the Curlew, of 20 guns, and upwards of. •.:00
men, which she captured on the 19th offSalde Island;
after giving her a few shots, by which she had tiro
men killed and two wounded. The Acairta had rut,
man and a boy wounded. She expects to sail again
tormorrow) ea a cruise ed the Bermudas,"
