cAritouc EMANGIP4TIOX.

r
f

I %

. •

LAW r.vrEL LIG EYCK.

RIATHritLn f. nrmoilteL

Mr. O'Cagaiil. as us readers sure last week ar
prised. bad Ilia Meatiest of diss Catboat* of
,reland to Mem u the only aselfiems
prourieg Catimrse Savancipatioa. Ires team eel
tpat sabject drew from Mr. Sheik Use stitesasfal
**static writer. a very *harp sad realms amidreas
Om Catholics of lrelaad, to srbisit O'Cosenell ba.l
'stormed a very spirited sad ratistactrary to ply. As a
specimen of Mr. Sbeirs style. we give the follaeting

estract
44 Well, then, dies Mr. O'Coranell melly
that you are to be so loliaded with adl the warms.;
which be has raised. as to imagise, that them esietil
any contoectioa whatever between names Catholic
Emancipation and Parliseicatary llama ? Mamma
inay be the 'cadenced* of a Lomas Cathe Toe, is his,
individual capacity. ups that topic. what has his
creed to do with it ? if we cultism obtains re et Smear-
selves. what shall we procure for adores? If the
man Catholic question cannot passthnowelt she yeeja
dices, will reform overcome the iatereses of the Besse of
t `amuses Mr. O'Llesaell's reams-tag goes es *hew
the 'take's' of the Catheroca--why, the. ally their'
imbecility to the canoe of gofers"? What will ilea
cans., gain by Mr. O'Cotteelts curlew a peacock's!
?bather into the scale? Where, ties. is the cao.ainty

44 a reformed Parliaaseat passisgensancipatio. a ? Tiei
*real tiode was ',acted by a rarliameat which set at,
apiliante the maturity a the iNawn. It is emotion.'
that many of the opposseats of retreat at doe advo-
cates of ..r cease; ma it is strange that. ewes while
Mr. O'Connell expatiates epos its arnessity. he semi
such a high value epee the soppt of Mr. 4."anaing.,
who is a zealous enemy to that meamate_ lle eras
malts, that there was lately a mere majority of wee,
against el in the Cabinet, aa4 yet he hits us devils' I
unless his new nostrum be emapiorvi." Oat limits an
allowirte as to assinselvest on the newest points is idn•
plate. lame a which are =emir perusal. we row,
sou ourselves with geodag the folioriag
ow., tom the answer of Itr.ol.74staelL
•• I asav sow itissisiss Mr_filscil is perfect theerfalaen.
I tut alienist him to the association of Ms fellow Is-
to-suers in the Cortzepordeat sad Daddis Jed. sael. for
rot part. I &kik it better piracy. ao I alas sate. it is
better principle, to iris the British selienters, ma to
c4ovinee them that the Isiah Catioaraus are not, as
they have here .flea represeatel by Mr_ X beif's emu
allies--,a fatties irrawliag iarasidstal arlwarmagers
—bat roes who aaxinasly sal einseatly desire to
advance general liberty, sad who assitrutaall is what
coastitotioual aa4 ruined liharty Ambit assist.
•• (taught sot. however. to be forassmen. that he has
wit &stashed any one of the peopolitioes wield' I
*Might to establish. I will sketch time again *stied,.
tat. That as anrsslieresedrartiameat is as „„,.5.1.44

rejected oar petitions wit/Imm sow ratiasal CllMt, or
eves asy plasaribie twelesee ger atr.3s rejectima-
s• lid. That we hors adding to sawed is oar peN lira!
or moral cominet, or to silSee aeon, rehiciams p' tip
—sad as we cannot improve oar merits we mem en-
(learner to improve the Parriasseat duet it may do jet-
ti ce to those merits.
•• 3d. That as unreformed Paibtxtred c-onairtanan-
cipate ms, became it cannot dimmer iiirseresioa ashram=
the Irish; the istatremont the fast are at
remelt weakened sad raised_
•• 4th. That tie prang Ails
frnm which any actessima to Pahlie Liberty cam he
erpected.
•• it is curious to Nohow Mr.Shiel has met the sett
tonic in sty address. Coudessed it amounted tim da
• nth. That the Home of Lot& is the last &into,
4-voted moguls, of attentios to foreiya prmititotes sad
varlets, and istfosed as hese to die sights of fire melt
titles of felkw statjecm.
•• Doss sir. Skirl deny this—so-4st he ;smiles it
He says that the canoe of the glees was of • so alo
wills; • character that it • timeikr4 asp GM tile
avowal of tie Stoma sod he adds is she happiest vela
of the pathos (that is the shocks tr 414 CJ •Ze pidle a
Ai„eer is mot to be rtpaired.)-

is not.

--.E.--
VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, JA N. IS.

THS roaTamornt
C•IITILI II Tag 11,-urga.or xvice.ming.

This was the petition of the sarsiviut► assignees of
the bankrupts. praying that a debt of Iltff. allowed
hs tar Commissioners to be preyed agaisest the hawk-
ropts by a' person of the name of Henry Hart, ntiirlst
he etpanged. or reduced to soda a runt as the OMNl-
nrissieners might award, upon further esaaaiwation.
The ground of -the applic.atisa war, Out the above
vreditoe hid pnrcbased the notes of the ilia SO the
shows amount subsequently to their being declared
I.6nl;rupts..
iris Ito vors not deeming this a reasonahle geovwd,
the Connsel ba,l recourse to other statements, which
not b ,irg contained in the petition. his honour could
nor etend to, but gare liberty to the petitioner to
'Vie" !Ifs application in an atwteie4l (VIM.

COURT Or RING'S RENCII.-41s.
At Nisi Prins, twines the asisfJustice aatiallpiciat Jary.

'fLii.• was an action of arrimrpxit.• The phindffs
ate assienere of a bankrupt, ranted Bile. who had
here a public-house keeper in Piccadilly, and the dt-
tgadant: is a wine-merchant. in Devonshire-street.
qa•tertosquare. The action was brought to recover
tilt amount of a quantity of wines and spirits which j
were said to have been fraudulently conveyed to the
defendant by Bale. antecedent to his bankruptcy. in
order that be might afterwards have the beactit of
them*, thus defeat his bona fide creditors of their j
just tilainas. The general issue was pleaded.
The plaintiff's ease was conducted hr Messrs. Ova-
is I:1, tituot.rtins, and Wit.ns; atmid that of the defend-
ant by Aleasrs. biaaa‘srr, thews x. and E4FINASAV..
Mr. lknestv, 'who opened the- case, stated shortly
nature of it. anti the substance of die .evidence
%Lich be meant to offrr. Tbis,..thaegb a civilt action.
W. 101,1 turn a goo I deal upon the itnadeleat conduct
of the parties. Bale. tin bankreparkaving for ..war
titne varri.etl on 4 retail spirit hosinees in Piccadilly,
het-awe embarrassed to bh circuit/nu:ca. 440,1 his
c.edit was still very good. lie timaiirli had dear:cgs

11TE ETA'

Stith a wisoweereheet. slimed ?raft% who first Isere- I
tiiiid him to the defeadmat- Sae was afterwards
called epee to ge bail for floldisg, the siefentlast, ea
as oreasioe when be was arrested for debit. This cir-
cumstance crested as intimacy. sal a csoideece grew
up between than. Bale made so secret he the defend-
eat of the maw of his affairs. Fares after Bales af-
fairs beeesnieg more ctitical, mete teue suggested to
Liss. that if he marred himself to be made a basic
sups. he would lose ell his property which metal g. 1
to his caesium. but that if fie pet a little manoeuvre ,
is prectice, he might saw Were-head onnething out
of the venesal wont. which wadi serve him ghee-
war& Acting apes this leeseat sad friendly en-
vision Mr. gale shrew spies hie farmer etesSt; mad,
4 soessgst wilts* Wiseaenelrauts. he succeeded is lay-
ieg is his mores abbe 2.11i11. earth of siert, all of
which, is dine time, were *severed theete is the he-
-1 feerlaut's cellars, is Deveethire-street. silliest a shil-
-1 ling being received is merest for the Bale made
1 entries of the est- !osier: eel so far as his bodes coal& ,
furnish elides/ice, they showed ,at "fie:ales to the de- .
deerinstfereeneach. fleirwer,thin Omagh very style-,
statically arranged, mat sit csieg far mewl; for it
Male became z benticeme, it was gaits sear L. shoold
cabier retire the lefearlaat as his debtor is his sche-
dule, or sire some accovet of the arriney which Me
hat received St payment of the wises. Nes theme,
way of getting rid oldie dishoskte was to staler hint- -
self a debtor of the deltoid:tat, lea eetda wit she wilier
es eel& met no fetch is mosey, bet is payment of au
old debt. ;tat dies it woad Istri; *di that a sum of
/MAIL had bees etroeivad all at 4.03 e, awl SYSCAMSIII"
the defendasc had hinreelf bees a hatiltrapt bat a
sheet time het re, es that he bad sot a shaking to
lead. A waitress of alseseew was Gem give*, by
Male to the defestlaset Z 642 list tank being Leas,l
with this.. aWI of els:image cans them ewe. esti this
itseof wet .saitivg Mr_ Hollases palate, Dale gate
receipts dated at &Crest times, as if he lad ire thew
or t.noises, "mitred cash due the Wise_ The plet was
moor drieheniate. for Bale wort either to eo reel. awl
he ranie a haskarept, or bras hie medium who were
hewer! ciamonses. The defendant hod Lie arrested
kon the warcast of ariotaey /re: 211014/.. earl he ryas of
room ems ifesciamyed ; bat he was sees /her at-
meted be a 4ssata jtak emitter. sad hailed .wt fry
fielding, till as length arrests ham vs, kelpies*
that it was Anted 11100tuAlicr w let Rae go to gaol, and
he woke heti:rapt_ Mt fatally were then is greet
&elem. need lieLfrog sr etre rise ir.ne his stile 11)L
far her eappri It was hiss the liises !leech tint
Made eras demurs. sad here he ens fervently sisitod
by &Mier- Arad lame it e-as said Ow the &Aire*
roorlor mid Labs oaf Ferrets of the view were made
mar. mita At were of coarse *mediated, aid regretted
te he oktara at the time die goods mere deiiverelt.
ICeiertnerre Kale lay in pri/ore for snag anowths. asi
Ism site limes made a haskrast, and sliwitargett.
Me sever got as! severer *vet the defeeilasts .of
the proceeds of the wiser- larmoLed hy *kit
, teraiment, he tweed renal epee the siefeatiant,
land e-unii two, sloes put Mite cite hat, telt tke
: simile teeth. aid Aar that these wittet might le go
Ito the Itenegit 411 his emote. 31r. thireey cosanded
hr •ayieg he eitoaW sot offer a rewash on the evi-
-1 Acme of the lambs epi. IT aaticipaties, Inn Inure it re-
tied!. to the Airy. ' •
-- Rale, the hasimpt, less thee pat has tiie
bus, std ii, as enamistaiiint of near leer how hy II r_
A note er c, he called seer mitraiely the thetaiir of tilt.
trienvet which Air. Garnet- had given. lb de-
j elated that hr 6E4 never received any nennideration
! fee the eine', and that the minim amielpta for money
1 pail hr the damage( at the 'dine they bear /late.
were all agate urkitit hr, floe witness, was is the King's
. Hawk Prime.

1..24~ *titer witsevrt wrir caXed mai time part of
the plairetifX a.fter "Aoki

/IL .M •at ArT add:raga the Joey ea the nierits of
rile mar_ The cast 'rota entireir on the eviienc•
of the bankrupt. wink lit gen secnent um.
patty to the crypt with the deft/Aral_ Wottiti the Joey
believe that the hank/apt entered all the debts t• tke
Jetnadant., hut serer rase tits credit for any ivy-
motto itstil niter he west iata the Beach
velooo. It was most unlikely that any MAU wnuld
eater into a sebetne for tier secret trainftr of es-

eiteattle property. which caul.: sot be ftillon'td fr
OSP place to &ruttier without the rsilise taking pithily
sake of it.. Me °sly ittetzinv was, whether the
tietendast bought the g•ostA; for the prices were serf
iututateriaL He world prove that hills of parcels
weer. frequently wade ovt, and that the bankrupt re-
erica rash fur sr Lich Le rave ereviiits *a the spot.
If the bankrupt rasa party to the fruit( his assignees
(<m1141141 riveter. Mr. Marryatt coocistled by aayistg.
dist he should prove, that though the whits wear
hotight at a cheap rate, yet the purchases !Cele Walk
fide by the defendant He then called
Mr. Thomas Mnikling. who it the (fete:111111's lira
tber, and other wituesict. to prove that the remainder
of the stoney had beer paid to the Isynkrapt fur the
wines.

31r. Orit!'":7' made a Gil-able reply %Ton the easel
of this evidence, 'lid the ChiefJassiee bawl"' nhiartly
ramified up. the Jar; foetid gut the plaianitr is Sib the
damages ka th.. declaration. 2,007/. edit dialing'.

JURY COURI; EDINBURCit

sum. T. ItoutranN Aso co. AAA GICORME roams.

tin Monday a most important carte came on for
trial before t/ais Court, iu which Alexatitier Harper,
ironmonger in Banff, Ira* pursuer, anti Ge.orge 111.
binson and William Hohinson. merchants, them
and tleorge Forbes, Sheril-Soistitnte of lianffshire,
detoders.

The pnrsier, who has carried eu busiaess as sa
ironmonger in Banff for thirtte• years, alleged, that
(rein opposite fedings in-burg/1 politics. Messrs. 'ito-
bittson and Mr. Forbes had harboured enmity against
hint. A brans h of Mr. Harper's hnsisess is dealing
in ofd east-iron. of which article be purchased several
small quantities from Georg* Simpson, a servant of
Messrs. Robinson, but who tlid little jobs for otl►er
/people, at extra hours. In the Acumen of 151.5,
Messrs. Rubinson received ruf.►rsutiun that souse see-
'-tal, which they alleged fanned part of th lir stockist.:
fautues.hail been abstracted by Simpson, and was seen
ja Mr. lisrper's cellar. 'ffroystated this information
to tlie Proseontor, wit., applitd by petitilo to

Mr. revises, is his official character of isatice of tie
Pews, laws whom a precogisides was takes, and
transmitted to the Crows Caudal, is Etlishorgh ;
lin eoitseisesee of whirls &misses was indicted for
theft, and Deeper fir reset of theft; the former having
faiied to awes: at the limit Grart at Aberdeen was
fegitated ; the latter was acqsitted, the pretender
hating failed is idvetify the isss.
la consequence od these pesoeedings, fiat-per amy-
lseemed as adios ief damages two years after the
; trial :widest the Robinsous and guises., accnsiog
I them of a marseives citespintey to rain his character
and cepataties. Ater muds litigation, the delloniug
hoses were prepared and submitted for trial :---
I. Whether, at die hewn et Bane before or *Per
the mouth of Ample Ita 16, or shoot that time, the
defender, tieorge &rise% Siperitf-Sultetitese of the
comity of Wulf, did enaliciewsly combine and con-
spire with the other defenders, George ilahlosoo and
) ..,... . , .
i AI 1 HAM 1100111101 t, or SSW Or ether of them, Warty
) mud iojixiously to firfaine the parson*. and is tido
him is bin character ? Aid whether, combising and
neaspiriug as aforesaid, they did procure, or tattse to
Ire istoetseed, a pesitiuo to be pretested to the said
Grange Forbes, as a jinitice of peace far tiae Paid
emery of Sauk by Joins Solids. Pnernrator-ftscal of
j.he said emtaty, takely, isjoriestskr, and staliciods.lr
tsocasing the said purnaer of *wing reilty of reset 4
theft, witless* pesbahle or teasomaltie can't for the
Said accsmatios ?

2- lad whether tier said Geneve Forbes did after-
wards, as tech gaoute asf pearn. usalicioust!-, partially,
and irrerelark. tale a woo/voltam. ripen the said
petitiiia: aml lit malirinsoly tramotit a false arm-
sation, without due impriaF iate tie teeth of the
EMUr, fin or ler that the same alit fee lail before
tie food Advocate ?—,.4ta I I ladeet her the said tureen
was triad heftily the Kg* Court of Jastiriarr ati
.themires, era tine .toads el Septeeniarr I sl3, mid famish
set 4,naitty sit the mine r[ reset of theft as aforesaid,
on an indictment at the ilanamce of the said ford
.tdvirease, foroded oat the precognition takes. mad the
a.-onsatisoi made as aforesaid, to die re and <Lunar
of the said permari.
3. And 41 ire dirt the staid defenders, VrilEnet awl
tioorge oc one <ar other of them, dill Sias
Litionoly mushier and measlier with the said 4ieorge
Folio-, in lineferrinc the said petition. coatainiug
the A11et4441 false :And iinjotrioas *faintest aforesaid,
and in tr.rnenitline the preougnitioa arid fate area-
, maim: sloetssiel, so the 'morn ages* at E.linfrnrgh.
' for the purposes a&Anesii<l. to Ate inas and dainal.se
tic sail inwetet
4. Awl wheite tlrr .ail &fenders, Irilfi las ant
(t-orte itebioceu or our co other, or bads of theist,
<lid Work and widicioisly. and without reasonable
Ate proliafait rams', .areur se t lar said pursuer of reset of
theft, :And did, was or othee. or firth of them, poocare,
or cense to be proeurol., the said petition. to be pre-
sented mid transmitted, and awed tie same to trial
as aforesaid, fiAr the pee see aforesaid' , to the loss am/
daossage of the said parener!
Daanages laid at 2,1.111111.
.Mr_ Mc tins A opened the case for the rif-
t area, sad esanrimoil sessra4 wiesessea, sane of whom
j was the fond .dhertiee 4 'leek, uho ass a roemiderahle
lime ender examination. Me J addressed
tie Akory for Messrs. Roleineon and (=A Mr. t ;Pen-
Ton Iselialf of Mr. Forbes. haat neither of the slr-
tenfirrs called any witnesses.
'Pie Loan 011107 (;0J134 LEM ovnt Laying nummd
Inv that Irsitience.„ the Jut). netined for a short time.
sad reenraed with a realact lioding for the defender.
ors the first. third, awl fourth issues ; and for the
(*voter on tire second Moose. Damages against
taco, e Forbes. 300/..
ontleretaail that Mr. Fotrbet intends to move
for a sew oriel, grounded us the plea that tie verdict
Aftscoufurat to the eiriileoest addstred.

CURrUVS CISE (gyp 4:17 IFulc.t .1 st,Ave

yvs IoORD MATUIL

A arisock man. wagged Rvaaa, of Jamaica. war
!mock 'erten. time lAA: Mayor. aiuJer
Uniting mime et seanttlascr b tibiae .s hick case rise to
the reletratesi elsettis■ decided through the istersew-
t:•A of tile lax Granville Saarp, is the Coust eA

King's Poach_
The Captain ef a Jamaica4man appeared against
Ike Blatt, wile is a fine-Linking tidier. abort twenty
years ef age. This reticle:at had, it amerced from
the statement of one of the Ilarslialaben, entlearourell
totompel Eeans to sail with him to Janiaica; het the I
Black Man., the state of liberty better than the state
hew skirl' he hail miners'. sad to which a visit to
Jamaica steulel ag.tia *abject hint, mfissed is the moat
determined siiilo44l.r to lame Kaglanil.
The Part:tit, proilocid a handbill to the following
elect
Five Periods newart.—Apprestiee Absconded.
" T. Etta-. arm-entice istxpesaii C. latch left St. Bar-
thOlosies". IfolotaL where he had bore for the corosety of
kis health, itoat keit set skier horn betted of Prmicoo.l) to
t& eater' 2; the Itoolitol. he resided • itk ilia Isle ollitrr-
Zia II."'
foliowit a ateacrivehm of the Black's person sad
The einnvi.iinant stated, that the defendant was,
his apprentice. by virtue of as inilentore executed it
Jamaica, ea Are 3d d Jose* 181111,' Ns .peeeliseed
•
the defendant from Captalts 11, and appolibsdbiss
to glee ,ilsation of his attendant, atter which he teok
him as as appreutioe. The appreaticeship was Is
expire at the close of five years. The Black was
placed by him in as hospital is !mindere. and he es-
pretnd that the siossent his apprentice was recovered,
lee avualti return to his ditty. The Black instead of
doing so. ilerampeat and. by his own achaowledg-
nient, toner iuteaded to perform the terms of the con-
trader.

The indenture was hawks' in, and seemed to Le
drawn op in J **exec ptiosudite wanner, and signed
hy t!.e !Hach. So tar every tiling seemed to be cor-
rect upon the part of the tonsplainant.
1 Le Loco 31ATOK asked by 'what authority the de..
fondant had entered into a contract in the island of'
Jamaica., of which Ise was a native, and expressed a
wish to see t.onte doenusent to prove that the Mack'
had. previtsstslr to Ma signing. the instransent, beets
rested with the prisilege indispensable upon et:ea-
sier).* of amino 1.

The Captain said the Black was mattuutitte I before
be was bound. actocAlias to the usual forms.

11/11111;iii. ALAIMO sad,
mistiot selp pewdesible,
to all iewhts and purposes
srrve the teem of contract,
this country; bat if sot, f
rally he, that his objection
'Orion that by his ohedicere
thisg lesss time voluntarily
freedom fee slavery ; an
was every day shewieg,
must cordially detested.
The Captain said be had
mission. He declared. that
exec-etc.!, the dekndant stoald
as aothiag could ieduce
hies into slavery.
The black begird to beam
that he would sot be ur
ieg at Jamaica, to which
boeml.

'lke tottyloiskast repeate4
&ogee w•as to be apprehended.

The Mark then tholaxed
he had st,vcr &at LI 241
true, eigued a paver, bvt
teats preview/1y to his leatiug
a Slave whet he di R 3,
capacitatetl from etneriog
ukirte4, that his %gaging
iulluce Lite te stAe aaa
blvssittg, bat though be .
to the gestSeotus who von-based
Fret to be hoax free, fur there
iw Joutdica to whom he
treiriateut

lthe 'thick aaleil, that
dee Captain for the service,
bat he Wall DA It rpoligl
Captain wear/ to bring h;
At the liest advantage.
Gamin slid tiot
iitivictisese, hot boopeti the
Lath• vital the dtiog shoot,

Leal, .411ariot axial
Black, anti that he
of tire pour felluu. after u!
sins shoahl be ve•duc.ed.
teall hio maitre.
'ke Mack set rent nal
M the Cuatiater, and the
seised a letter front the
statisc, that cram had lit
. for three yeanui JunrgiCa,
purtisased hits to bring to
.beret heard that a devil of
cuted. but he hues. that
*initiate to slake the Black

Yesterday the Black
Compiler. The lard Ma:
Capt:►ist had saihol, bat
mood to prevail wpm the )Mach
blark most resolutely refaced.
The Loess Msi•ua approved
• minatioa to avoid the condi'
probably be mimed if
Jamaica, and stated to list* that
animpear•haUe, inrush.' easily
this ro►►rtry.
The Black was very that
the rottipter, where he is
who'll Mr. Williams, the SI
tlw poor fellow's advantage.

NAUTICAL INTELLIGENCE.

T' it Parker, Dunn, front Falonnth, pet into New
Torii December, in distress, hawing experienced
cinatiatied gales, and hot all her sails starlet the forr_
hapail, sprang her masts, snai• Jones's, and ismirsprit,
avid sprung a leak.
The Samitiel and Same, Harland, vas wreekeil ea
the 24 tilt_ it Briar Wand, Ray of Fuoday. Ciew
leaved.

The brig Admit., Norris, hen ratio In!mkt grit
almeelosed Mai Nee. in tat. 3. lea. ;I having trn
feet water is her held.

'fie Mary, of Por!hely, from Newport to Cork petite."
Kilrash, *hunt 13111 ia,t. wick kiss of israininast,
boat, aid bulwarks, and in a •ers lnaky state.
lELsixttat,l•si. 2.—The Sound is full olive. The
Jeadtken. of and for Copenhagen froth London.
hag put into oar barhoar.
Whirl EllOl EN, Jaw. 11.—The Triton, Little, sailed
front hence weeks •go tee Newry, an 4 has not
since been heard of

1•VJOL11.8 tiro. 6EN WITH.---Movintaimeer, front Hull 141
Jamaica, nu the Vil Ili. tat. :t2. long. 31i. 30. by the
Prate, liantgate, arrived in the 'tetras.
The Concord, Eales, arrived at Datmenth, spoke t!. •
Dove, of Liverpool, from Newfoundland, diamastetl, and
part of her cargo thrown overboard : had sailed from
St. Jelin's, Newfoundland, Ike. 10.
I..iberty, af Aberdeen. on the Nth inst. and supplied
with provisions by the Plicsorin.
Lydia, Slaittlewerth, at the Gallpegot Island, in Fe-
bruary list, by the Asp, Kenny, and by an American
ship at Cogaiisilio. in Jime.
Maria. kosit Sierra loon, te LeaelN, by H.M.I. Le-
t-ecru, arrived at Portsmouth.
Kc/tpae* Mtewner,-elf-wett, the-11117It; illk -M.-. W.-
long. 23. IW. 'WS the Penes-n.4110., llouurey„ arrival at
Liverpool.
Tulip, from Newfoundland to Liverpool, on the 11th
inst. lat. SIP. long. 11. with loss of imig haat and
waist-dimiso, by the Margaret, lkoivu, arrived at Li-
verpool.
igree% front Laudon to Jamaica. on :he 19th nit.
lat. -1!.. 32. long. 11. 50. [leery, from London to 1u•
114 ; St. Vincent, hone Cork to St. Vineents, on the Intl.
inst. hit. 50. 21. long. 7. 40. by the Canada, liarisoo,
arrived in the' DOWNS.

DIED.
Oa Tnesdsv- last. at No. IL king-street. Mnov-tilt, de. p-
I h regretted by all wbu bin/ her, him Sarah Lawton. agol
fort'.-iii.
On the 9th inst., at the advanced age of 913, Robert Dam-
son, Esq.. of Beading. Berks.
Os the 17th last.. Jobs, Davison. Esq.. Prospect-place,
Paddington. in the tlist veer efiti. age,
tht the 17th inst.. sedienij, %Ir. Tticholes Parl.es, of No.
9. Ceioe-row, Queen's Elias, /'belie*.

--•--- - - - -
London Priotad. and Pabllshet! it tby Oiler or
'•Twe 11S" " Tairessittyv floe (Siii/o/
Paper) No los/. Strand. oprootto Ht. elemrat'sCoure
r.
by R. WARDELL. Jas.. LL. R.: to whoa all co.•
ago iieetiotes, Orders. ea. ars zapiated to bo adiroosol

; •
I
I
•
:4
\
r
. t
•

I

fir
I, that if aka dad of glow
br defemdant was of lost
see as ceenpiotely hamar
10
act, as it Ise wail a assay, w
the Marrone, mei* sok
n to serve avow free a mil.
are be would ho deist so.
ly russeatieg to eatshai,„
exchauge which the wsgTi
both white ea& bits,' ame.
had sot the deed of aloft
sat es,* if fie deed had kik
mould have smithies! se Gar,
his (tbe Carina) se wig
cover what stow* he tram
!at ipso slavery *pee .iv.
piece the complaimant tats
sted his assurances that as
!Intel
ed to the Lord Mayor, dos
biintief. . He hail, is ern
fir knew nothiag of its ass.
easing Jasasaieas has hr vas
, and of coarse as each isr
g into a contract. He ail
for Liberty was swig as is
carrifiers to olstaia nth a
might be ander obligation
rrhased him, Ise did um er
there was NO toile MAIN%
could apply in ca:.e of M.
hr had Urea purchased 1,
re of a friend in this country,
taw's fur thr ,erviee, and the
Itiui back, and dispose Lir
Deems the matter after this
Kirk world be kept in cm.
sh I be cleared ati.
d he shouts! take care of dm
it rite to tke furnwr master
rhiek, it the deed of mantissas
Evans must, of course, as.
der the rare of Mr. Tram
Lord Mayor won after iv.
master of the yottog sea,
lived aith lii. as his slave
and that the complaining
to this conntry. The writer
of nianumissiou had bermes*.
t the complainant had aft is.
k his appreative.
was brought up lies the
'yet' now ascertained that the
it that endeavours had hem I
Black to sail with him. The
ased.
'roved of the Black's deter-
'sedition to WWII he might
be had consented to go to
a that as his character was
'gaily precast a situ:duo itt
anhful. He then returned to
s to macaw for some days,
ilicritf, will exert himself fur
CIL
. _ _
