Tilt STATESMAN.

glit awe us '',0;441/0. **ow _
tecigiog bin,w4( two- shores..
lois) iguetthis
sio."•l4eisre Wits* and nuto f it, the
...thy liternher retired fro. lb*
nit of the hustle. amid s eon/ .-fapploware.
Coiewel Corms, of Whestley. could Ned rest esti*.
fled WM himself, if bevies rootoly • silent tote upon
so estrecodistoty. Do ravel, mud so important so
tailor' as the permit. Euro all the bitellidesice this,
bad bllliesin rowdiest lb. prank, Orr* fame appreveri
lobe establithed:Tallatille thal.tim.Mestirm wm
Rally eserermed,leaswaley leodoetml, sod violently
dispersed. The senora Colonel thew psocesine4l toj
deZuse. .bat Sir Winless litaekatone, who hasn't" I;
charged with subjective( the pmerreatio. if the
(viola* ter viola. elearomr, had. le hisCeastlerwtary
en she Iwo. of Englautd, rectrasised the statutri of I
%allow, sod Maly, which deelsred, "that the sele.•
left lied • eight to petition, sod that all commilareMili
aid prosecutions for seek politionisie were ILI
lei." still. is saying this, le wished to tie dial
liaeelm goti.estooti, he did not, by them whomsaticosi
crodeserisr r 0 prejollar the real etsialeet of the Nagle.
usurp. Ilse nw pier• i it. M only ea the same foatios ow
whkh emery Euglishmso ought telly plated who Mid
been attempt) in rod acing meth fetid resoles as they all
brew lad *named at Mairriaester,and to request that
they reloht sootier for sad rupiahs such coadscao--
( neer, hear!)— lie wished to Cad that ethers had
lees equally esidiousi• net preparlgirg a nee g 0
prelim, and in not broldirg rims the approbation of
the Estrange Power, before It could he kaisers that
ettelt condors had detected it.--( heirs )—The gal.
laws Colonel, who at the last 'teethes was the ensue.
cesfsal candidate for the reptemstailati of York, re.
eked amid the load sod astbseastic shouts el the
seeroandide multitude.
Mr. WALata cemweated by oleereing, that Ike
deeds of horror which hod been perpetrated at Ms*.
chestier were of so dire a hue, sod of a nature so truly
appalling, that they crested • degree of emretisra
in
she feeling mind ton intense le be easily tolerat.—
( 1 leer, dear!)—la all ages, sad is all times, there
have. 4men, sod still are, men whose principles ore
Pubs/taint, to their gelf•irderest but above ill such
"gonna, and corrupt mitioor of a proud and Molldify
fargiort, the Manchester Megistrates stood prouly
pre esainent.—( Hear I)—The page of Lister, that re.
conk their *spin's' is salters with the blood of their
country men, sod will o tand•lossing sod a blushing
monament of an nnnnnn eitotinool mod treatiesl ea.
trosehment on the privileges of Roglishottn.(Lesral
cheers of considerable deration.)-- Well did au en.
litlttened pattint obsegge. when speskiog of the airs.
arks •I WI there seek, imbecile, sod despotic
ar retches had perpetrated. that the plats on • hich they
had acted lass a plan which now, but heeds yield
base drti.l, and nose but devils here 00000
(tdrers.)—e. They did deed wear the form of moo,
bet it isms tp.i.• evident that
" • etre 0.- •it hod it,.. molt Nature'. hood*l at de.
I A I .n.nd bur halm II Nature'. 111. mean,
To own, their Von lad smell matte of le h
NOM pity."
?bey wore also the gaols of soldiers, bet to
thews wish that appellation would be a libel ea then
character ; sod therefore lir point them oat to tbe
he
seers of feline sees, they paid Ineoternewald
digoilimi with so epithet synonymous is that of cows
and--.bey Aosta be celled Yeomanry Caralry•semai
and slsoold he eelehrared for hee;og the towage of
lofting their armed heed easiest the helpless lovell•
nest of woomo, aid Uri naclfeadiog inhoceacade of
harmless childhood.—(C bees I then proceed
to take a slew of she cootioth of the sl,gistrales ref
eal heater, whom he deaossinated the bulletin
aid tratbnre of all these scents of blood and bar.
tor. Its doing this, he denied le be properly ea•
drisood: thre use ten an iirtirluel in the laud
that entettaineed a more sincenred and ettlent attach-
meat se the law and Coossisvilow of his coyote)!
than lie did, or that ma tespersed the 1.141 i sod di
tolled eSte of a 111 stow ride. 110 „ indeed, could he
poiriht, 'written It Opif.it it to she c,,ptiery, ishoi
be relented on the conduct of the W. On Gentlemen
who mop. re the Bench of Magistrate, in his tive
tit, it,', conduct war always regulated b, the
prioriplos of jock,. and their beans w ere always )
g.,•fled by tl-e dictates of hemostat►.—(l.med cheers.
—Yet, when he foul a Magistrate acne( is
dant contistlierion to the law-, he looked epee
Ism as one of the wont enemies le she Censtileo
n. Looking upon the conduct of the Masteirtt.
ler 111.cistrates in this light, be rorrid not help
cleosounrici it as iNtitioes and nwernitioesional--
Pagttiers, owing to the WNW, of hilted to libido it
gait rise ; •nrottatitetiromil, sa rusted
re. pie from 'swirls( the sacred right of petition.
Cheers )—lts proceeded to rowitoeot ors this
aohjert fog a considerable lime, sod concluded his
vernaris ors it by saying, slat I. she face of law,
rearms, Untie', sod Irsaiseloy, • nurse cogilemptible
rippet• of despotimw led deflated the Mettiogyyleggl+
sod wish the wort lieruClikeerallsoiry let Irma their
onferosl bawd of homitideslisialloo Mt the Mood of
the', count ry WO. lie then celled the sureties of the
Meeting to ar.011•101 ties of offenders of • fat awe
dasseetusa description shoo tithes the taboret calico
tier.••• or she ',pivot hewer of wiseacres sr sisal&
at Msochester fee the abase referr is 114 ore, be
s.ol, ass local ; in the ether, tsil was onitoreal.
It sag Itaidly necessary for him todaythat he waist
bi. Majesty's Ministers, those who were ailed ihst
odvi.... mot coesseelloge of the Plitlie Bevil. He
ottued for some
re.
time shot it was alnolettly
ess te (wens
dry
for for the people to petition his Royal Highn
mi.. them from his cossicils, if they *IAA sir p
tett those rights and those liberties sr tsieh their fathetaldet
, bad begoestbed to thee' ;—(Chrets)—and concis
• speech of toosidershie length. by droller*"
fW
cerdial coscenente with the iteselatiens *kWh bed
be.. sabmitted to litter.
Mr. HASGAOTt (the Editor of the York Medd),
Wiwi then lnidly called for by the multitado, Neel
for
oldw to address them. Ile said, shot Omagh liva
nd ready declared to the public Lis abhorreambel
the proceedings of the Magistrates sad Yenemert
Cavalry, he was agale ready to declare t• them hisl
NIA
detestation of the hypocrisy of the Magisttates
Meeting, at.ti of Omit horrid eighties' ufd betb
. sad justice at that lime; hi was aging reay id,
declare t• them the abherreaca with which ire whiffed
theses. 'dice of theYerrmaery in attackiag the
the s defame*avage
*female and the_ helpless infest, and
Icily which they the
sfter wards eskibited ia t c
blis•ded molders shish Om patpettalml. For the

eitemee. thoeiplots, to li• elloost shoe see% eteoeitleo
*mod be Aidblretgasimpl, sod onotit roostitoto a hi-
feet lovitotwer Ile else tetoetottel Itio_sprfet4y ells
priesiog his eerstroseot I. lb. Reeotetitioetpropeset
Mr. IrLogrea, Me lama. end Mr. W..s.s, after.
*wards followed on the same sMe. • .
The Loots M a Tog thee pet the Rondetiens Anil
steed to the Memeog. and decisred'iltem herded with.
set a disseotient voice.
. ,
Another Retolatiow was thew mooed, seerrefird.
sad retried. that it is the desire ef this Meeting SW,
the Commit(p sheerly appointed do adept set+ eme.
felt, GI OM requisite tit carry the preceding Resole.
Ilona into "Pet. .
It Wes this moved by Mr. Simms., and second-
ed brit* Row 1.. Donnas, that the Thanks of the
Mowing lie given to the 'tight Ilse. the Lord Mayor
foe hi. teed) 'meatiest to the AIM, of the People by
rattles this Mooing, sod for his most independent
sod esemplary opinion in the Choir.
After it had been tarried. the LOU MATOIII fill.
turned theolti is e Aim speeds.
The looltitlide thee di.pers"d owithoet the least
temolt, sod thee folly jostified the emoitlesce which
the Lord Mayer had placed is them.

--,---
VENSZUKLA.
-......-- •
The iellowiai important document front Vendrl
mitts has befit transmitted to no from • 'thermally
Amite fit the al', to whirl k viesinrwarded•hy their
correepnnitess, fay of the siborribtuto. Fuss Ibis it sill
be seen thalch• conduct of Lord CGCHSA SS Inwards
the British ships and trade has been mast correct.
IWe farther learn, on she farm avithority, that • sa-
tisfactory cesminicatints had takes place between
the Commander of the ltritisis ships es the station
end Lard COCHRANE, as so his determinative to per.
severe Indite esters' be had hitherto followed in re.
spec. to Voltisit stair ; the result if • bids bed been
trausmilied to oar Ministers. We rejoice, therefore,
that the opinion, to whkli we atioded a shy or tool
tee, as Is tho inotroctiose sloes Is Sir TIIOIIII
1 IllSoY. •as founded in roam; and that there is an
peed far apprehension of say aiisamiletsiaisding
'skies place belwees the egelarens.
Valearais.. Apt! IL 1519.
Etas—A' il fiernenly tapper. so she Corovonasate .4 Br 'fhb
wears. gaol.. trod., to Arno, ports, okra so reads*
Cosion are appoint...ClS a slew% hove is for their romplalar
before shrills II ~,, i.ii Naval Ogee, eh . oppeon. and e.. 11 so
thew fur ream. of irtroorea, or shalt yr is sorra he dm.
sonvonl, si !knot Naas. Ail
or ibis said.... to receive the
liotheileelie testimem or all the Drlsists Milk4e,s a *roes ant
er.1.1, et *1....6, so an. pis, to lensed h. she (Indira et 1... rd
forbr.sop, wit... so she above. of boas Basis% not Ann leas
Ails of " Kr. Is- volf"flott Plartird she lusilial tiz6" of 111
mei siete. sot
be
Frees the othy be Soloed Mir ear as (nest der-is-Chief of
she till as Wow', sin she der of MN Wiwi. be WO owl, oh-
raised from wry pet, Ow abseil she dillleary of otoookte hit
Aire 'alibi hoer oforded a prettere• bus arstualr trodetsi
I ever! too-ible of • Melt could bore hest expected lion
war so s .bspv of eon t sod se Ms.'s, of •r • iiimare where sty
wows were oil used to ester for bit seassilros. maim. sortie
▪ were r.r romplotere I boo he•
'every! rays be hull
vol o, d , coolly received • boost!, Were gat* ti* as
the let applies' 6.11.
We shah this velostary shwaetwy oily ea art et jo4tro It
Lord Cochrose, Urn swore hoor reports were in i WSW
. hilliell as Lisa to Ms orejoilicy. which alibi Savo oaths/ your
. ears. We loser the Savor sis rotS,r,
Yaw et .4 sbe reason. •
JOSIN ILINGWOWTH. Woe
WU. ROW Ve. Acre.
JCIIII. A. TURNER. Jobe flod Wens,
JN. TED. LETONs Lard istssi.res
The alai Ilasser, milaioiri or the emelt a 4v weft
It the port of the Wee.
AND w. st.csT.
IaUVIN.IitE a 1111,4cTF.R.
HiDDEseom. O'BRILN, and en.
ibe.,l% No.iceos Acens. ,4 Tailmllall%
To W. 11. Shirref. Lot. Coos. 11. M. S. Audronothr,
a es 4 •novo Olney NI the NI
_____:..—...........--,----0•-

l'R ICI. OF STOCKS TOO
Mock
3 per l rnt Re 4.
per Crat.Cdal.lll§llllll/11;f1
Si pig root.
4 per Gest.
Comielstee

h DAV AT ONE 1/41.111'ic.
per Geod. Ma., 10,1 j 109 10915
lido Reeds 5 7p
lAme Ana.
Earivvier Hills 4 b
p.
Mt.

Thfi STATESMAN.

........7.
THURSDAY, ssrvistata 43, 1819.
—,....-.
We most sot, we will mot slack's is Oar seise•
visors to aid or advance the cease of Reform, becomes
a few indiscreet or over mines men, is a vast body,
congregated together, Si, led, try s provocation
from a time-strain Magistracy, into reveogefel sets,
o hkh *either law nor reason may be able to delved.
Who can be reasoseble at all times ? or ceder ill 1
eitcoesstseces? What has sot beee dome its 111 Pe-
ll for veogesoce.sake ? The very Ewe:Ross sod
K tun of the earth are new prosecotiog frost revertra,
•hat both the laws of Heaven sod Earth forbid !!
They 11111 itoptitootog A WALLOII.OIIIIAtUIIi f
sad
or life—
or, which is the same thing, for time workirsed ;
why ? Decease he impress to be endowed wish
stronger intellects this all of them ; sod therefe••
better mystified to play seeeessfelly the game at which
tyrants with indimited power are always went aid
pleased to whs. We. ore not so advocate fee
the
abetted and losprisoood Ex-Estramos, bet Vill I
advocating the cause of violated jostle,. If Heaves
deigns to leterfero wish mundane things, with the
the
works of wicked men,
it will be sere to avenge
wrongs and corklike searched sport a moo, for dolma
.bat every ono of his peters would attempt to-mot.
Jaw if these were es equal probability of soccesa.—
Justice, Justice, thee, and not revenge, we would
wish to rstoblials as OW metre—the latter is bet •
biter-seed; but the former is et divine needness.--
This idea brings us to the circumstances which took
place at Pule', sod which have glees a temporary
plausibility to the argemeols of the appestats of all
Reform ; or, is other words, to the abetters, to the
[ base abettors of Corruption.
We have mow before es a volemimoos report of
the ptomains at Paisley, which ea accosted of each,
day's largest matter, we have mot bad time eves to I
unroll ;sad for this we are the more sorry, hawses.
we belitWOrem trot hearts that it world espial. the
conduct tot *the Reformers at that place so satisfac.
tally, that they would obtain the saitoget of Woo.

.'---------
templweetietbe of these to whom the sppeel is mad*.
It is not sliailf the Wee of the quarrel, it tenth,'
snails, aggressor. We have area seem Greener'
is the Stork Esakeeze, is what they ire erased tO
nil Ise, posh Me hat of . grere.dirre ever bit 111111,1
by way of cresting a laugh against him. Now, it an
Impressed, that the rig was played ems one that',
had mote Its is bis temper than repression its hit
coouteitasce; sod, therefore, slier tenting serldvolt
-reglillfririSrtai;il write. off ), be was capable of
et +dog the wag ten beck ; open whose face be direeßd
sorb a mighty blow with his list, as drove two of his
frost teeth into a lest gonspicsons pert of his mewl'.
This derangement in the main pert of the arrhitec•
tore of the prong beck's edifice, occasioned him In
Wing an action for smelt and battery, and be laid
the damage et 3001. a tooth. Lord MaIIS,IILLP snits
fiend who was the segresior, and directed the isry
net to give roe farthing recompence, °beetling,
'bat the assailant got of well, is basing his vibe
left in their proper places.—Se is it is the PaUley
Meeting ; se was it le that of Meechester. See
what is the case in York end Leeds (not l'ork
and I.aeroster, which the enemies to jostles are
'rerorkirig to prodigy), we observe with the states, i
stenylatency of feeling, the Lases of those great
Meetings is loch vastly popsies. places. The
penple.will see into no excesses if left to themselves:
it is the wicked oppolition of the self-interested m-
illers in public obeses that drives them ion' excesses,
and if eentissed in, would to madness. Let them then
meet peaceably, lt how best t• remove those
grievescts soder which they caonot long lite. There
is no occasion to predate Statutes to prove the pen. 1
pies tights; indeed it is idle to talk of Sudety. on
such an occasies. Who made the Sonnet renegue-
log the right ?—Whence came they f —Dia they POI'
11811/ from WILLIAM the Cogougeon ?—Nn ; and if
they did, they are not to binding age pees with on .
giant's ens. A ceegorrer may possess as long as be
CIO hold a nation's will, bet an longer. An Eel-
Inhume may say, I have never signed any loch Sta-
tute for myself, end I ant sore I t for my pos.
terity. By Is is, indeed, in matter of property, there
is loch a thing as cutting of an entail, bet not in
1 matters of liberty, mach less in reason. No, we
most hold s different lengesge—there Is one dialect
for slavery sad one for freedom. We are sot quite
in the former condition, end therefore msy safely
414 wisely barn all the books that belong to the art
*main!aleing or prolonging it. Smote. tbe
made by a parts of the people folded s shot.: people.
4 whole people my, enact Sqltotes, and those Sta.
tines may operate till rooked, mad that revocation
may she place wit it is against the interest of a
thole people that they shield he observed. A whole
pie can be tweed byes laws but those of Na
or of static Reason, made for their social good
and safety. Convoke, meet, outsell, reinter,
and that moment chew it is proved that a ma•
jetity of the people will this, or will that, from
that easiest is every man of the realm jestified is as.
skiing, by the best end most effects.% means is his
power,to bring about that order of things which is se
willed : bet sets well! that in the distribution of the
poblic will or Kestrel weed, it mast not be as in the
distribetioe of pri:*.morry, where the Admiral takes
fear hundred and silty times mere than the eery
steer's.wias of the ship! ! A Whig meat not
comet for five basdred Democrats, set a Tors for
fifty ;Flags. No, no ; man for maw most be the or.
der of proceeding. ,The enemies of all Reform are
compelling es to begin a sew reckoning ; they cry
nut against lb, Spawner Plas—bet they sill do by
that as by Mr. HUNT ; they will cry a wp, lestead
of cr,:ieg it down. Meet, then, ye Reformers—yew
saltation, veer recovery from the basest degradation,
that of voted starers, depends thereon (for sow yes
vote forefoot. and trees), and the Represestatives of
L
1 these sieges and trees have an interest is rived's(
per galling chains. Week these duties we advice
fee, bet do it with calmsees mid etudes, lest yes
il break your limbs is the commendable work.—
Wait net for chose. leaders ; there cosset be
a Meeting of twisty mos bet some es* asses; them
'post base the gift of speech, if be has bet the gift of
Smiling. He may be eloquent wittiest being learned.
the reams!, effect of oratory is to parroted", mid
that depends epee the sossodoese of his Ingle sod sel.
spas the dress of his ditties. Plasma may be es
isslearned as be is described let what we know : but
we believe be has more intellect la his brains than
lime
half of the llooosrable Iles., of Commoss.—
Bell poeseswe what the people velgarly call the nonce,
sad what Colleen would call remains, and that '1
Is enough: go en, thee, Mr. Pittston, shoioever or
e twebstiebakiriateimpeetd'intyofeleasesegirl taeterwee
language.
otikips,tirsegimearsaamiwolikumkslawsrilieharnendoebticmtlacitelhtgletenirr7.l6l:
Member of the National Genven'tioo of France, used
wiry plain laegeoge, but he sever failed to electrify
14 lhisestbly by the logic he employed, however
Wooly. 4' Yoe are chows (said het to act for the
allele natio., aid is that capacity yes have a right
Sc command the service of every man, and the
Mess of every man, whatever may be his political
wriellses, for the goad of the nation." This then.
deeisg sentiment had the power of •a Jeve's decree,
and the Nation was mired by its cidseos beating off
the forces of slated° Crowned Heads and Sovereign
Statei. We aril sot known to many of the avowed
RtfOrMITI; weds not wish to form attacitmests of the
kind ; they warp ear minds, and ,taken ter jade

wrote, mod inky peals! *guise, ear very will.—
We even confess that we hove sot been very for.
'unite in the few intimate iffils of that kind;
bet no matter—it is the COIN and oat the pervert we
look tn. It is the cease of living of bit.
Woos sad trellises yet to live, sod if the crowd,
as
the Courier sap, would huts* as mach and as toed
at the terrier/Jo of a Patriot, es at his exukatiole in
an Mossoorobir way, we will still to ea, mod even
with more signer. It poets, •it tree, that they •
stand in need of informations. Lei es hope It may
be believed, that there is seek 'a thing es disietereeted
service. We keen that Ministers do not fetal their
aSre duty al Mos t large pay sod espeetaliest of title t
but the nation is net without some few eitisens oho
Geoid scree it, without rach mercenary views. lot
et hope that the time may come when the Duke of
WaLLI%GTOII may be every be accepted note fourth
of what the. latish Coal bas bestowed ea Mimi? and
may even pour back into the nation's treater)! 'tire
other tblef.faerths. There is, lootrever, root
deal to be done ere that oespicieus day Strives. We
purposed to have bestowed some little commeet epee r.
the vile conduct of the Times. It boo, to be sere. to..lley
abetalaerl am a sisal* toothiest rarebit, en Reform.
Well may it be ashamed of "lint it hisdoste—audthell • •
has loooiller aimpor of peal enormity, bet of e different•
cast, taken it to task for its hypocrisy sod double.
dealing. One day the Reformers are ceestenanced
by this tione-verving Hot (for it 'really Melees that
stigma, if ever a Jouroal did). We newel, lideed,
with the Courier, that the reuse for the Goddess
thesis was hope; ; or, as the other depot of •
correption says, properly enough, it would est
so shamelessly bete scampered off, bat Lave relitid
with decency. We eau Only: say of them le ear
hearty dirgest to their hest employment—
" A IA agile so Mntr Owls rouse.."
And we ranched* by saying, that if Off ementrywhie
can read such Pipers, and be swayed by such seed.
meats as they tatter Jay by day,. shy then they de-
em, enpitied, all the disgrace such base writers arm
ealrelated is plunge them into.
We have not room for the 'noes poetry te.day,
with our remark• upon its insidines tendency.

The Ward's of St. Bride's soya, the Chord is
wedded to CUalit, and 'holster', is net willing to
give birth to any'other doctrines than tech is dews-
right Cbristisnity allows t it is appropriated to seal.
savieg, so that the bodies of the patriot parishioners
may perish in the open sir for what he cares. Ws
Lady sacs, it woold be wrong to sake a meeting-
hawse of the perish cAerck.
The rat mcs Raaant. dosing his lee visit le the
Isle of Wight, received from some enknows sauce
an elegant gold sooff-box, mopeds'', set with brilliant.
On opening ir, his Royal Digheeso Used • paper, ve
chick west esittem, is • 0•••titell heed. three verses
from the Sctipteres, which seemed to make • mom
impressio• on his mind.—(Morrefog Paper ) _
Doves, Sart% 'lL—The Royal yacht, from Dee'
kirk, is arrived is the Roods, C ilk their Royal nigh•
asses the Doke and Duchess of CLAILIVICS.
The Doke DC REGGIO (Sllll6lli OUDISOT) was
told the other day that a certain Marquis called h us
an upstart, and ,height he eight to notice It. " I
em no Das gaisote," said the Marshal; s' I croon
draw my sword against a lock et sheep; betides, it is
not me that the poor devil calumniates, it is his sears-
tor oho 610 enfeebled his family."
\ The Biiik and Steck Eachanges were beds shot
l'Fearle "
wereirlderi btertansuaecliteedreel: thePtilßmosysbal burr
ogilletbtuly
the ddferent brokers and jobbers. Consols ter the
swoon' were does principally at 691, and for thet
icy at 69i. A large goastity of &chewier fills was
sold at Its. discount,
POILTIMOUTII, SEPT. 22.—Arrived the Camelia,
sod Fee transports, fres the Davos; sad Richard,
iisicilings,fros flare.
PLIMOUTII, SEPT. 21.—Arrived the Scipio. Hem.
derv., for Prince F.d ward's Island ; Toe Brother',
Robins ; sad Elisabeth, Carr, from St. Petershergls.
—Passed op Channel the Martha, Keessedy, hem
Ramses\ for Hautlsorgh.—The sm", Deem, vas
spoken with of Scilly, oppareetly invest distress.
Ftawoota, SEPT. 20.—Arrieed the Unity, Faith,
fres Asti's., in 51 days, for 1.-endes ; Ilarmowy,
at, free Neefesodlooll, I. 21 days, ter Poole; .
rat Peale, Johnsen. tram Tenerife, is Ghia amiss,
last from St. lees, with lest of toresil and topgil.
Isat-sail, having bees obliged to cot them away of
the Long Ships, en the which ih laid her ea herst. in a heavy
beam-
from the storth•anl, c
ear's, and carried sway her bulwarks sad ',velonad
staesscforeesa. Also arrived the Nepteue 11,
from Gibraltar for I.• odors ; she tell in, :sit the Li-
zard, with the sloop Tree Ileilee. iens. ,efrdbla
Milford for rooster., Warn eat of Meent's Bey.
en. the 16th, in a very leaky state, and shoot halt en
heir after taking oat the crew, the sloop sunk.—
laid the Fortitude, James, for Lists..
Iluaa. Sant. t I.—Arrived thee: ollowing ships free
Datil% Straits :—Arivt,
thaw., nine Ash, 320 heels; Eclipse, tie lab, 1:4.
bats ; Brothers, seven 601, 950 lints ; Thomas.
ll{ ash, 360 butts; end Truelove, seven fish, 212
belts.
HARWICII, SEPT. "I.—Arrived the Charlotte
packet, with • Mail, from G•etteaberg
od from Il h ; she has
brought the crew of the Cherub, of soll
bail-. Pelersisure, which was totally lest epos a
anon rock, about 10 miles tooth of the wings, to
t 14 b int. at midnight. The crew had jest time
to save themselves in the long-bost.—Sailed the
Eclipse picket, for Holland ; and Aocklaed packet,
for picket w
with Mails.
DEA4 SEPT. 2t—Affiteil the oyal Sewdsereiee
yacht, from Dankirk, last from Dover Roa; sod
the Alexander, tram New Redford, for llolised.--
Soiled his Majesty's ships Liffey sod Rind, for Lelia,
with troops.—Came does from the River sad sailed,
Skis Aeries, Saved's., fir Jamaica; Lase, Qesieb
for Bet badges; sad hisses Balmer, fee Newfield-
,
kad.

g.,•ilrn nt u r
%lira
dares is at
barn as owe a
lii n. Lethil
ter bl•gittrai
()poverty'. g I
**joss, ols
s •
roe rite; I
re Oa item
._((burr )-
ashy-•t for •
/ 71 Nisei, 011 ii
train., POI
I.
Futile. of do
•,4 wish the
.4\ 41114111111 boat'
shalt commit,
‘• hivesirs In
dewiest's, d
I. 1w0...s or sli
at Mooches'
MOO 10
J. mos hood
bee Me•esi
"Wei". 0 •Pi
esti ed u fort
for the rol
Inks stein
led ill'ose I
bad belloce
• speech
cordial coo
boo 'labial
Nu. HA
brio& then
lagoond to
bad ellihd
Lie proem
Cavalry, I
detestatlol
to dm Met
• end j"
declare t•
tbesit•ard
legs feast
basbasil,
b 4•0444 I
