I,.ann slavery and wretchedness but the coubtry
men. There is a quarter, indeed, fr.nn which teller
'eight have come, and, from which it was expnted
but hope has sickened, and turns from tbst quarer
with anguish. The Country Gentlemen still bare it
in their potter to put an end to all the calamities which
oppress. and all which threaten this nation. Tie
abuses which occasion our evils, are palpable. Tie
country gentlemen can abolish all these abuses; with
a breath ; and who shall control their will? The
other cl of society are not disposed to offer ell.
'traction to the meritorious labour, for they are usf.
feting, also, under the misgovernment of our ignorant
rulers. The country gentlemen can call for the re.
moval of all abuses, and they can withhold the sayptim
till all abases are removed. Their course is plain, and
easy; and every good man prays that they may par,
sue it with Zeal and steadiness. Mr. Bnoeeaau it
friend to the Coastitntion; and, therefore, he &ppm,
to the Country Gentlemen, and Weenie them toss,,
it. So desperate is the course. of Ministers, that de%
potism must result, unless Revolution step in to sate;
the Nation from the bands of Ministers. Mr.
Ilnoucnnat, therefore, did the only thing %thigh sow
avail when be made the appeal in question. aid „
most heartily do join him in "invoking the wisdoms(
H to guide the persons to whom hi then &dawned
himself." Shall we be asked. ifwe hay, not givta ap
our hopes on this subject? Our hopes of the constr.,
gentlemen doing their duty in Parliament? We shall
answer—No : not yet—and GOD forbid, we ever sheald,
until our hopes and wishes are swallowed op in full fall-
tion of them, and until we live to see the lend purged of
locusts who devour it. But the Ultra, feeling hew
little reasonable hope of success he hacrin his argo•
went with the Coustry Gentlemen, goes on to
ur—
But it is not only to- them that we address ear
sent observations. The whole con Wry in intern:id
in the question before Parliament; and on the irk le
eyantry we call, to pass a fair judgement ote what
Meters propose to do, what they are doing, and whit
they have already done."—We, also, Fall on the whole
country to pass their judgment ; and we only wish it
wets left to them alone to decide ; that is, to eery
man in the country, who is not fed by kliiiiivers, or
who is not one of the mercenary troops on white they
ultimately depend for support. What kind of mats
hi, of what class, who will defend them In what they
have dune, or are doing; or who places Rimy Impels
what they propose to do? We cannot cootelire whew
the courage could be famed (we would use a forge
word, but that we are ashamed of using mess wet
every time the conduct of this writer calls for thee)
which could make this appeal in ettneat to a ?stele
bowed down with tbs weight of the oppressions these
very Ministers have beeped spun them, mod wen ate
now utterly at a lots to know which way toter, impeder
to escape from the despair which threatens to everirlaelm
them. It is even difficult to comprehend the pliswiiich
Lord LONDONDZaIt.'a speech endeavoured M Daft
on Friday last ; bet what is known of it, is gainful•
ly held to be delusive, and utterly unfit to meet the
evils it pretends to remedy. Bat we quit this melan-
choly and odious subject for the present ; and con-
clude by seying—:that we Jo still look for the cow
try's eafety, to those Country Gentlemen to whom /Ir.
BROUGlialle so eloquently appealed, aid whom the
Ultra would confound by the audacity of likings.

The Courier, on Saturday night, speaking of Lord
Lospotroarinv's Remedy fur Aricabora! Dittos*.
as proposed on Friday evening, soya—" No Wiwi
man, no man who is not the basest tool of party.
or the weakest slave of prejudice, tan read the
speech of the Noble Marquess, and deny that
great boon has been bestowed, and that As di •
position exists to augment that boom from Coe
to time, by every practicable relief which cit•
contstances may allow."—We beg the Cuistier's
pardon. with all the respect which it deserves) bst
we see no greatness in the Minister's h. see ; not any
disposition in his mind to attotent it by every prat.
tical relief which circumstances may allow. Wes"
a disposition wickedly the 'terra' of this. We we
the !arid* expenditure antonrhed. not even mulched
And what relief has Lord Los PON DER Pt Y offered&
Agriculturists? He is to leml them snow is rise
form of Pariah relief. If he does bring in a Bill le
carry his scheme into effect, it may be called a Btu
fur the wore effeetrally making the A_►ieultrristdsf
this kingdom P • . There never was a men do
basing contrivaore, if it could be rendered effected.
Hat it is tidally ineffective for soy purpose which ir
wanted by the farmer. Ile wants his whole odes
reduced, so as to inert the resin, priers of agri•Alts
tural produce, and give him a living profit. 111 nit'
this to be accomplished by a redevion 4f hie mat aria
his taxes. lle wants to rednec his u•llery and IA"
LuNonsuetar (after the plannu.of his country) 111
the additional harshen gpon him of limiest for WWI
lent. That might hove done in the Irish &dialers'.
of which his Lordship was a sort of iirtisineet; bit
we hope it will not pass for currency here.

It is with great pleasure we refer to • paragraph
from the foreign papers, stating, that the Sisimu4'
Corb • base passed • decree, which condemns to tea
years' labour, on the public works, all Spaniards elo
are convicted of carrying on the Shirr 7';ettle. Iraq
thing were wanting, to prove the disadvantages of the
revelation in Spain, which the IfoLy A wanes is la-
bouring to countervail, this dare, n mild be sufficient
for the purpose. We need not me any •rgrnwat r.)
rain the indignation of our readers against tie Shoe
Trade. Happily fur Engla•d, she has learnt to both•
it with utter abhorrence. But Spain, while blew,'
with the Hoc Foment of • Eing um:on:mold in si•

~':~: .may ..~ =. _~_ :~
