THE STATESM4N

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

lugs of humanity, he would :put the abolition of slaviry
upon the /round of expediency. When the bleat, in ours
Colonies see those lo other couihries in the full epeeist ofi
all the delta qt Creme, will they patiently submit in Use;
degradation of slavery, particulatly when no other obli-
cation azisis basun water and. slave, than that of force/
The slave does not want the subtle reasoning of the pub.'
heist to convince hips that he ought to be free. He has
only to coneulttbe feelings of his nature, which no punish-
ment can extinguish. He would even put it to those in-,
terested in the Colonial trade, that it would be more expe-
dient for them to come forward at once to join in the ef-
fort of his Hon. Friend the Member for Bramber to abolish
this odious system, before the Colonies became the scene
of desolation and carnage. At all events, those who sup-
ported its abolition may lay their heads on their pillows
with the consolitary reflection, that though the merciless
lash stilt continued to be inflicted on our miserable fel-
low-creatures, they were not responsible for that miseries
lor Veir sufferings. Strange Wino; were seen in our times.
An alliance, calling itself "Holy," was beheld sanction-
ing the Slave Trade in the market of Constantinople, while
a British Minister calmly looked on.
Mr. BRIGHT felt perfectly confident that tile statement
of the Hon. and Gallact Member was greatly overcharged.
I The Hon. Member then instanced the benevolence of one
particular planter, who sent out a person to the West In-
dies for the purpose of inquiring into the condition of the
1 slaves, and of iminishing their labour as much ns pos-
sible. That person, however, complained that he was not
allowed to preach to the slaves more than eleven times in
the year. But he (Mr. Bright) was of opinion that preach-
ing was not the best mode of bettering the condition of the
staves. The duty of any missionary that went to the West
ludic., ought to be to mediate between the slaves ani the
white people, and to improve the habits of the farmer as
mach as possible.
Mr. CANNING deprecated any discussiou upon this
subject at the• present moment. He was convinced that
every discussion like this tended to take from Parliament
the chance sof acting with effect upon a question of the
greatest interest. Having through the whole of his Par.
liamentary life taken a humble part on the same side with
his Hun. Friend (Mr. Wilberforce) in the cause which be
espoused, it was not now necessary for him to say that
his sentiommts remained unaltered. He was quite Denials I
his Hon'. Friend would agree with him (Mr. Calming) Mat
it was not by inflaming thespassious of a particular class:
of individuals that they could hope to arrive Lt a fair.
:sod useful consideration of the question. The time would
soon come when it would be brought forward, complicated
as it was with distresses and difficult as. He would now I
merely suggest to the House whether it was not expedient I
to abstain from all discussion, which could serve nu practi-
cal purpose, wade perhaps they could not fail to provoke
and irritate.
Mr. W. SMITH concurred entirely in what bad fallen
from the Right lloi . Gentleman wuu hail just eat down ;
hut after the speech of the Right Hon. Member Mr Bristol.
he thcmght that some discussion could nut weal he avoided,
calculated as it was to provoke it. From all the inquiries
he had made, he understood that individual, whose conduct
with respect to the slaves was commented on by tue Hon.
Member, was a character not deserving reprehelisioa
or
censure.
Mr. BRIGHT explained; and after a few words from
Sir ROBERT WILSON, the petition, which complained
generally of the Slave Trade in the West Indies, was mad,
and ordered to lie on the table.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE MOUSE--FOREIGN POLICE.
Mr. CANNING moved that the House, at its rising,
do adjourn till that day fortnight.
lead A RUH I BALD HAM if:l'oN objected to the ad-
journment as too long, tinder the peculiar circumstances
of th country and of l;iirope, and therefore proposed that
the words " Monday se'nnight" be adopted as an am-id.
ment. The Nobie Lord then proceeded to observe, Vat
France ;;ms NOW preparing for the invasion of S;ial n, and
after a forbearance unexemplgti on the part of the Home,
the Right Hon. Gentleman was net prepared fear the per
tluction of papers connected with the subject sooner than
the 14th April. Three weeks from the present time matt
therefore elapse, before any discussion took place. If be
referred to all the measures pursued by his Majesty's Nli-
nisters, he found them either vacillating or iuconsistent.
They took credit to themselves fur the reduction of taxes,
but every tax that had been reduced was first suggested
from that (the Opposition) side of the House. hl this re-
spect Ministers recanted their own opinions and adopted
those of their adversaries. They had acted in a
manner upon the questions relating to Ireland. As to
oar foreign policy it was highly reprehensible. The si-
tnatibn of pur own country and of Spain was the result ;
of the systematic conduct pursued by the Right lion.
Gent. tpwards the Holy Alliance, from which ail the tills- I
chief proceeded. 'This conduct was the bequest of the
Noble Marquis who had lately been at the head of the
Foreign Department. He (Lord A. Hamilton) had taken !
no share in the compliments recently paid to the Right 1
Hon. Gentleman for an alteration in ids political conduct, l
and the reason was, because he must first ,ee it in some
decisive measures on the part of the Administration of
which the 'tight lion. Gentleman was a memb .r. When
the Hun. Member for Westminster had, on a late oci a-
Sinn. complitnented the Right Honourable Gentleman
on the improved change in his policy, the Right Hon.
Gentleman disclaimed the compliment, and told the
House of souse document by which be regulated his
'conduct. That document was since found to be the cir-
cular of the Noble Lord whom he bad succeeded in of-
fice. ln aphe commencement of the present Session,
the Secretary for the Home Dep trtinent, speaking, no
doubt, in the spirit of the Government, did not hesitate
to defend the invasion of Naples. The French- Govern-
went had since justified the invasion of Spain upon the
same principle as in the case of Naples. He 1195114 to
kuow in what occurrence, during the last seven years,
had Ministers offerA the slightest opposition to the
Holy Alliance ? The invasion of Naples, the deserion
of Sicily, and the sacrifice of Genoa, showed too plainly
the course of policy which.filinisters pursued. He con-
sidered the Holy Alliance to be a perfect nuisance.
(Cheers.) It was impossible that the despots of Europe
could meet together to devise schemes of subjugation,
without exciting the disgust and indignation of free
States, and sowing the seeds of discontent in the coun-
tries under their contralti. He would now ask the Right
Honourable Gentleman, were we or were we not parties
to the Holy Alliance? If we were not, io whit capacity
did our Minister at Verona act ? The Noble Lard next
argued that this country, if bound by treaty to support
the Bourbons, might, in the approaching contest, 'be call-
ed upon to act by both sides ; f,r there was an actual
treaty obliging us to defena: Portugal, which made coin.
mon cause with Spain, and was equally threatened with
invasion. If we were unfortunately parties to the Holy
Alliance, we ought to withdraw ourselves as soon as pos-
sible, for it was a conspiracy of Kings against the free-
dom of the world.--(Cheers ) It was quite impossible that
Ministers could act upon the policy of the Holy Alliance,
consistently with the interests of the country or the feel-
ings or interests of Europe. He hail not made up his
mind as to the expediency of this country taking an ac-
tive part on behalf of Spain, but if lie had, he would
not have romaine I silent till now. He was convinced
that no invasion of Spain would take place, if Ministers
had stated boldly at Verona that the principles of the
Holy Alliance were such as England did not sanction,
and would nut enilare.—(Cheers.) If the Itiglit
Gentleman meant to -change his policy, he hopell he
would take the present opportunity of steting that fact
to the Houle. l'he recent popularity of the Right lion.
Gentleman arose entirely from the belief that his political
conduct would form a contrast to that of his predecessor.
The Noble Lord concluded some further observations by
moving his amendment.
Mr. J. MACDONALD rose to support the amendment.
The present was not a time to adjourn the sittingsof th .t
House for so long an interval as was propose.' by the
"tight lion. Gentleman, when such a struggle was on tit;
very eve of cOurnencing between two neighbouring

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TRUASDAT.

Mr. CURWF.N moved for a Return of Papers show-
ing the nansber of gallons of spirits distilled in Ireland,
for IRI, 1622, and 1823, and the amount of duty paid
therson.—Agreed to.
• COAL DUTIES.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM preset:lm 1 a petition from the
Select Vetoes- of theparish of St. Miry-la-bona:, iu she
county of Middlesex, against the Coal Duties.
Mr. CIIRWEN concurred in the necessity of repealing
the Coal Duties. •
Colonel BAUWELL said that the poor were in other
respects so heavily taxed, it was a gr at hardship upon
them to pay, in addition, a tax upon coals.
Lord H. FITZGERALD said that he thought the Coal
Tart most inlquitons.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT said this was a most oppres-
sive and unjust tax upon the poor, and hoped it would be
the first tax repealed.
aIr.C.SMITH, Mr. F. LEWIS, and Mr. T. WILSON
mu:erred in the same opinicn.
Mr. LITTLETON defended the duties, on the ground
of affording protection to his constituents who had vest-
ed large capitals in the coal trade.
Mr. PHILLIPS thought the constituents of the lion.
Gentleman would not be injured by a total repeal of
the tax.
Mr. LITTLETON expleined.
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Sir T.. GRAHAM' presented another petition from the
Select Vestry and Directors of the Poor of St Pancras,
upon the same subjece—Ordered to be printed.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT presented a petition from the
Secretaries of the Wand Jury of the County of Monag-
han, praying for a larger allowance of salary.--Ordered
to he printed.
The Report of the Irish County Elections' Bill was
brought tip, and ordered-to be further considered on the
14th of April next.—The Bill, as amended, was ordered
to be printed.
The Bill to amend the Laws relating to the Poor was
read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time
on the 28th of April.
Mr. T. COU IiTENAI moved for Returns of the
Number of Ships and the Amount of Tonnage which sr-
rived in England from the East Indies during the last
Three Years ; and also the number of Ships and Amount
of Toneage which arrived in England from China for
the state period, together with an Account of all the Ma-
ture. tares exported- by the East Ineia Company from
Enelend.—A treed to.
Mr. SYKES brought in a Bill to amend an Act of 7th
George 111., relating to Justices of the Quorum ; which
was read a first time, and ordered to he read a settled
time on the 14th of April'.
Mr, LAM B'f ON presented a petition from Sunderland
at id net the Coal Duties.
Mr. RICARDO expressed his concurrence in opinion
with Outs* who desired a repeal of this duty.
'file petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASTERTON URE moved for a Return of the
Qiantity of Merino exported from England to the Co-
lonies for the last Ten Years, with the Amount of Duty
paid thereon, distinguishing the ports front whence the
exports were made, and the amount of bounty paid ; end
also a Return of the Amount of Herrings exported from
Ireland to the West India Colonies. and the Amount of
Bottnty paid thereon for the same period.
After a few words from Sir JOAN NEWPORT, the
=onion was armed to.
Mr. BIRCH moved for a Return of the Amount of
Custom Duty paid on Imported Raw and Broken Silk,
far 1522 and 1823: and also the Amount of DrawbaA
paid Wit., Exportation for thesante perio.l.—Agrted to.
PETITION AGAINST SLAVERY.
Sir R. WILSON said that he had held in his band a
petition from a tertaite number of his electors, which, if
It had been submitted to a pnblie meeting, would, be
was convinced, have received its cordial and unanimous
approbaV en ; tut, as the importance of the petition ren-
dered it necessary to present it to the House before tbe
recess, his cooststuents found they bad no time to con.'
vane a public meeting; and it was therefore entrusted
to his bends to present it .now, So that the attention of
the House anal the feelings of Ake coitntry Might be
drawn to a subject, on which hisillonoumble Oriend be-
low hint, the aleteber for Brauther (Mr. Wilberforce),
had so exerted his talents, as to entitle him to the
thanks of ova ry friend of humanity ; and be trusted his
Honourable Friend might lire. to be cons:sled by finding
his exertions successful, and seeing happiness conferred
upon many unfortunate beings, whose grateful acknow-
ledgements be would receive in return for the benefits
they bad enjorai through. him. It was with pain, he
was sure, the House would bear him recite the facts
which were contained in the petition, because it was int-
po-sible that any man could be possessed of either feel-
ing or hmnanity..who would not be aroused at hearing
that there were now in our West India Colonies no less
than one million of human beings who never saw the I
sun rising over their heads without having been previ-
ously awakened from their slumbers by the echo of the
horsewhip, to be drives to the field like cattle, subjected
to more unfeeling treatment, because placed at the
mercy of the unrestrained caprice of the task-master !
So frequently were these unfortunate beings placed un-
der the lash of the whip, that a gentleman who lately
came from the West Indies, said he never saw a black
who did not hear marks of- violent treatment.—(ilear,
from an Honourable Member under the gallery.) 'flee
Honourable Member might cheer as he would, but he
would read to him part of the petition, in
was which
well
a
Mr. Cooper, a gentleman whose character
known to many Members of the House, said that Le
never saw a negro ancovered who did not bear marks of
Violence.. Whether this was true or not, be could not say,
but the fact was so stated in the petition. The petition
further stated, that there were now in these Colonies one
million of human beings, endowed with the same facul-
ties, poisessed.of the same feclaigs and affections as our-
s-lees, who were treated as insensible, material objects..
The wife was separated from the husband, the mother
from the child, and were seized and sold as chattels for.
debt. They were placed out of the pale of all civil
and social law. Such was the demoralizing system
adopted towards these ill-fated beings, that blacks were
not allowed to appear as witnesses in Courts of Justice,
so that any crime might be committed in the presence of
a bl rek with impunity. The petition also contained
inane other statements which would, if cited, excite the
the cominisseration of the House; but it was not his in-
tention to excite such feelings. He only adverted to
them in order to turn the attention of the House to the
subject, that every Member might be informed on it,
when thepttitios presented by his Hon. Friend came to
he discussed ; awl he hoped they would then be actuated,)
be a spirit of justice. Ile only asked that the principle
of gradual entanciptCon might he put into op-ration with
regard to the bla'cas in the West India Colonies ; and he
•
wisi,ed that Government woald set the example, by
emancipating those placed under their crooned. He
asked, could any Englishman, or ntau of feeling, endure
that such a disgrace should be permitted to remain on
the natiot-al character! The case was not better in
other Colonies.. In Barhadoes, a legal tine of 5001.
muds,msol col the emancipation of a slave ; and in Ber-
mu se Act was passed by the Colonial Legislature to
prevent the emancipation of slaves and their becoming
seised of real estates t, and this Act received the Royal As-
sent. How dliferect was the conduct of Colombia. N..
sooner hadihey established their independence titan they
emanciated all slaves, and determined that their soil should
no longer be stained with slavery. Puttiug aside the feels

. . .
p.owere. . Wben a delicate Prince—Kelaugh), in the most pie aaaaa tion of the Constitutional Throne of France.)
severe weather atold through accumulated heaps a snow if, therefore, those views with which that family was
was sallying forth at the head of sixty or 'evenly thou- restored were contravemei, and if the most iniquitous
sand erased men to cat the throatis Of their- ineffearive schemes were discovered to grow out of the proceedings
neighbours, it was not, indeed, too much. to say that the of those professed conservators of the pea-e of Europe,
araggls was already began. When a convolsion of that could those engsg,no•nts, formed ipso facto with far
direful nature was in progress—a convulsion, the ternii- different views, be binding in this country ? Napoleon.
nation of which no one could foresee —a convulsion, against whom these treaties was directed, was Lo
which in twenty-Lew hours, might present subjects for' more; and if the condoet of his Most Christian Priajest,
the gravest deliberation of tbat Hour*, at such * rnoasen- led to the disterbeuee of his dynasty, the people a lids
tous e • • 't wea required of them by the Bight lion country weer: not caller! on to B
enoitend noto totem! er
Gentleman to close their door'. But for this adjourn- treasure for' their peeserradou.
went of such unusual length the Right Honourable 10.,Otoirtrtt;egetallrseennof libiretyl;awdeisisait.,inyiLaarsletahset,a,toisrtaniuneufrtoreol
Gentleman did not condescend to afford a reason.' No ' T
tit y eked out from the other side, but whether this country •
reason could certainly be found on account of the la-
ictrtrered or out, was entirely a question for themsels or
to decide. It was a question of prudence and of polio ;
boor that the House lied .icuposeil on itself
ssitemothe
opening of the Session. They had set about thirty days icetsepeesent of right.—(Hear. bear.) There was no pee= . •
ho read over the manifestoes and decorations of hie
entirely, and the House durino those deys was certainly
pretty well attended • but as to the labour of the bust- Ides[atria's° Majesty, that could for a Imo %mat in ,int,in
hess, they eel tainly hail discussed three or four questions that theydtd not !lee this country a right of war.—(Hoor
no doubt of great interest to tire mosey. With the ex- hear.) •In the epi it of
those manifestoes. there could bp no
caption of occasional questions put to the Right Hon. freedom under ony
,MousrelLthirel Goeuernoteto. free
io wilt of tAdi -alo-
Gentleman, tbe state of our foreign affairs wss not at instillutioonsrshßoitAldorirts;r fit:Login :1 g4racet s
~
all mooted. Astro our finaxicial affairs, the Right Hon.r Settlement mioht
be all deelaared invalid. g A pledgea of neutralitya would be a
Gentleman, the Chancellor of the Beeheqner, had t .ken
sort of elnipsci ; WO what compact can we enter into-elm
an ellectuol method of stopping all discussion-1'
oli'art France, after the svowel of such grin-dp!es 7. It mild he
hear) on that subject bt •
y his arrangement respectiog thehe policy of this country to let France wear out hoe re-
new Sinicinz Fund of fin millions,.witieh had for its s ureoi. if we thought it pradert. under thecireumatanees,
real object to insure the regulbr payment of their`ioi to abstain from witr, let the Uoternment gooierpatllae.—
dends to the public creditor. By that senneemethe • The prayers of the people would be for the of Spain.
Hight lionouroble Gentleman had effectnalfy silenced . The people could riot he sifeet on witnesahm; oppression..
aggressorswaoauld
Lod the would say "Uod prosper the righte.ouseennae: '.
those Conotry .Gentfienen alio were so- glamorous be-
n tei nisce.etrve
ienrt:rrvinit.l.s.roeiol
wairtift;oijint.worLik
it::
.phyr
fore the tiesaitio.-0 laugh.) They were in truth go- 7.
ins to repose theasselen before the public bad any neaten
__egnmas, d a
nod which might prove ruinous in she eviet-7
to suppose the Session had well began. In regard to the PF
hpiaeta tradatu data tCrilili trietia. Tub Hon. a-nt.
S applies, t.t he sure, they were unusually forward. Ay concluded by pressing the expediency of a snorter arilourn-
whet means they were so a•leance.l in that depertment most than that proposed.
of the business Attie Session, he could not well conceive.
Mr. WARNE pointed out some inconsistency belwe• a
Great tinaniality hail prcrailed in consequence of. the tip -
, the Trea•ies of Vienna in ISI!i, and of t ix-1.-Coapelle in
parent condonr of his elojesty's Oliniceis tube first out- I
- ISIS, amt lead extracts frost the protocol oaf the remote-
aet ; 'out suhsequent admissions and recent manifests iova
! ings of Ministers who eiensd those Tre.ties. He co •
made it necessary that those halcyon days of centiOence
„,, ; tended that from those Treaties and from the DMus-
should have an end.—(Near, hear) P`ii"Ps the IL"' .' ' terns at Laybach this country was not bound by any sti-
lton. Gentlema a was of opinion that such rare unatti- '
;iodations to gnaraotee the Crown of !'route to the rn 4eg
Milo deserved the school hey . etreat which he p:oooaed.
i Tan Sly. He added that he was of opinion th it the Hone
But the Right iltemuniOlo. Gentleman ought to have
I shoufd meet at eu earlier day than that 'flruposed. I's g
first marked out their hell-tiny task before he roe/linos!
( j he tru•ted that when they should meet they wooldfino by
o
their vacation. If he bad put the House is
• sls"I'l w w' i the papers to be sabtuitted to them, that every thing me,
those documents which he meant to present after the recess* i i
cone by Government to support the honour and authority •
then, indeed, he might have some around, or at least some of this country. • •
pretext for the proposed adjourn:me .I.—(liesr, itear.) But Mr. Secretary. CANNING assured the House that 1 e
iustead of that he at as reserving for himself solely the plea-
would nut have ripen, had it not been fur the 'Bushel to
sure of examining titosettoointents, and told time House they
the answr.es,whicis he bad fives' to the yrs s put to
might go about their business—that lie wanted not their pre-
seuce or assistance fir three Weeks to come. He coups 100 re POP two writs arr. The •. otme. he *aid, scion
not ere •
visited th.t the Right Honourable Gentleman had present- pect that at that time when there were so few 'aerobe'',
ed those papers to the MOW, but the count-y,.. he he- he tvoubt follow the. Noble ,Lord and the ,flont Gentlemen
neve& eared lit le hbout them. The world eared little • (ooMacdonald) through their apreches. The ito
I. it
noh
known to them. The State Papers which toe Right Ho-
n. Gentleman then re-owed the sioes.ions put to l
ies
about papers, the spirit ent purport of info were not un-
on a Warr &rho and den led the mister re which he ti. a
nourable Gentleman promised to resent to the limns gave and to. welch be se.ll adhered. The stipulatmes
mieht be classical in their composition, and had, no doubt,
into which this country eitt-rod with respect to FI A... 1.
a lucid style and wellovnied periods, but litre the State
were first inserted in the Treaty with the Alin on tie .
Papers of his brother Secretary from the other aide of the
13th March, 1515. Time were reperc ii in the next Treaty
Chaonel, they bail prelate
s, be believed, but very little t .,
good. With what sort of ensotions, be would ask. was :of the sante year after Hie short war.. The Right Hot .
the House to crime to the cousideration of those papers ? :Gentleman read passages of th- Treaties to watch he PO.
The perusal of them would have tite effect of rendering i laded. The miser was norely a provision. by which in
the country greatly indignant or irefully humiliated.— I case of a similar revoletionoccui rang age.is, the cote: ac. -
The late events on the wester,' part of the continent or ing Po vers bound themselves to consort auione ties -
Europe made bins suspect time power of this country or I selves for the safety of their respective stares. In order
to Ore a just conception of the parr which Britsin was
the sentiments of its people were not sufficiently repre-
sent..d at the late t•ongress. If it should appear that our obliged to take by the treaty of the 2.71 th of March. IOI!..
a note was delivered by the dipleleatic aerials of this
power was toot sufficiently exerted by our representati,e
at Vero); the maledictions of their country would cowl try to the eff et, " risetliz.st,eo ii
enritidneirsLge
je,ti-celd, ento tdit. ,
gelp,a,rt,
pursue our Government. OUT power IrlS Or waswasnot 10( his Britannic Majesty,
v
exerted by our representative at Verona. He would !A ort by their coe.sect to an age eniero, in which the
I Allied Peeve were bound .It'coore:t toortoer in ewe of
suppose that it WAS exerted, and he had then to lament
ey, it
app ar by the coadect of the (await party in France into
that our ititieenre was so little regarded. as was more anyd revolution. agairst his Most Litrisian Mcjer
was not to be understood that his Britannic Mee •My was
.
case
to prosecute a war against tie people of Frence iu.
f illen, whose King was sinking into h.. grave. while
wtio.e bawls tile .governmeat of that. country i bid L
case of any such revolution." From the stet.umut he 101 l
Prussia was averse to the pretensions advanced by France, gone into, it must be evident to the Hoes, , that the so.
while Austria was willing to side with one, party on the
'relations by which England was Loood were more of a
other, while the Corsican Ambassador of Russia
negative than a positive !Littler. lie Obi not think that
at P aris I
there was any occasion for him tit go further into
was abetting those _pretensions, under such circumstance!
nation far the present. With respect to the question of
expla-
the government of this country ought to have slipped
adjonentnent, lie was not disposed to quarrel e ith any
forth to insist with France on the continuance of pe.ice.
—if Government did exert themselves they have lathed; i person for questions at a season in which so many wets
was spurned—leerallowed to be put. lie could not, verbal* give any tee-
the int rference of this country
authority was latighed at: With what feeling then could •
sons which would he 'hewed satisfactory by the Noble
they prose the forthcomine documents? Not an hour Lord, and he was ready to admit that he was not prepared
.
with any very profound reason. It certainly was the lint
should be lost in laying the whole truth before the pub•
time io his recollection when so min..te an explanation
lie, in order that they might rescue, as soon as possible,
the honour of the country from the grievous charges tin. was respire-1. • One reason was, however, that the pro-
derOwed adjournment was the shoe which took place last
which it at pr. sent lay. Those papers won't refute
one calumny which bad gone abroad, and- which was, year. Another was, that the or tek in which Parties
went was to assemble was a w.elt of Sessions i a the motto-
that the intleence of our Government proving nugatory 1
trio anti the gentlemen would he employed so muds, that
with the aggressing party, we then sent to desire the :
an entire attendence would be extremely inconvenient to
Weaker and the wronged party to submit its eights and
them. A third reason was, that there was no mot on ott
to consent to its own dishonour. He wished he could
find the papers to be presented by the Right Hon. lien- 1
the books before Thuraday, and tinder all three cireu.u-
Ile trusted that the House would admit that
tlemsn refate that calumny. Was it when the cannot' . stances,
of France was passing time Pyreciees, and Spain peeper-
. 1 Thursday would not be an unressuneble day for adjourn-
ing,ment to. lie hoped that as the Hon. Gentlemen itAt
in _defence of its houses and its -Coastiouttou so
bring itself to ruin rather than submit to
(wreign die- availed themselves of that .opportunity so express their
ration—was it at such a crisis that we could advise'l opinions on such importantn
alters, that they would ab-
i stain from any opposition, and allow the proposed ad-
the latter to consent to its dishonour, when we
should encourage them to the un tqual, and, avec or,
journtnent to pots without a division, lie 'simnel the
the more glorious struggle?—(Hear.)—No English- House that as soma as it re.assernhiee,he would give them
man, under such circumstances, would receive advice all the information on the reletioes of tie country et
from a treacherous friend or insolent enemy. No man which he might be pohesserl,
who perused time memorials of the 'rory Ministry of this 'To a question put by Sir ROBERT WILSON,
country for time last six years, would feel himself bound which we could not • catch from the disorder of the
to spend any more blood or treasure in a war for the pre- gallery,
servation of the Bourbons. Would the Chief of the
Mr. CANNING told that he would defer an inswer for
Bourbons be alloyed to make military possession of the present.
Spain? Would England consent that a Russian "(lw '" The question was then- put, and the House rnolvel
drop, in conjunction with France, should blockade the to adjoura at its rising to Thursday the 1011 s day of
whole of the western coast of Spain? Portugal was au- Anvil.
other subject which presented much matter for observe- .
Ile other Orders of the Day, were then disposed of
tion; bet he found he had extended his view too far on
seriatim.
those delicate points. The lion. Gentleman then ad- On the eraot for the Commissioners of the Land Tai
vetted to the statements on the. two preceding nights e
La,mes' Bill,
respecting the supposed obligations imposed by west; on Nlr. HUME hoped theta stop would be put to the ire-
this country to support the present family on the Throne gal extortionoin the shape of fees, by the Clerk. of the
of France. He contended that these stipulations core CoMmissiouers. •
templated tire preservation of the Crown to the Bourbous
against Bonaparte. But not one word ties to be found
in the Treaties of Chaumont and Vienna respecting any
guarantee after his death. But when, after the incifec-
teal attempt by Bonaparte, ant when he proposed to ab-
dicate and substitute his son, the Allies then supposing
that lie would be an instrument in the liatels of his 1.-
timer, introduced into the Treaty a stipulation also against
the son. But was it to be supposed that this Treaty was
to extend to all posterity? Any person, looking to the
declared object of those Treaties, would find coat they
were dissolved by the subset' lent proceedings of the Hay
Allies.—(hear.) The lion. Gentleman then read some
passages from the preamble of those Treaties. The first
ran to the effect of putting an end to all unjust invasions.
'1 he second has tweet to enforce respect fur the right of
independent nations. The third was meant for the pre-
servation send beelines, of nankin.). These were the
bases of the different treaties.. it was for those objects
we had placed a second time on the throne of France the
exiled family. (The lion. Member then read long ex-
tracts from , a Armorial presented by our Minister, in
conjunction with the Allied Powers. to the King co,
France, through his Minister, the Duke de Richelieu.
It set forth the principles which guided the Allies in the
reiteration of that dlnnarch, and also laid down the
rules which it was hoped would direct his conduct to-
wards the other Powers of Europe ; and the Memorial
concluded by the statement, that it was with those views
that tilt: Allies guaranteed to the Bourbon family ti -

WESTMINSTER ABBEY.

On the order relative to the Muuumeots.. to Earl St.
Vincent, and Lord Viscount Duncan, Mr. HUME pbserv-
ea that it was a natiobal disgrace io allow fees toby ta-
ken by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to see the
Monuments in the Abbey. There was an instance lately,
when a family, who came op from the country, were call.
ed upon to pay eight shillings, and nut being able to s.
_ford so Innen, were obliged to re.urn without admission
to the Abbey. It was said that the Dean arid Chapw
held a title to tl e fees of which they could not bei.depriv
ed. lithe, House could not take it from them, the Moe,
as head of the Church, might be applied to, And lie would
he glad to see if his Majesty'a recommendation would ke
•
long attended to.
The resolution was then agreed to.
BUM BILL.

Mr. BERNAL wished to inquire if the beer shops
under the new Bill, were to he subject to the pane IN -
gelation as to the billet of soldiers and the tax ,on shop
windows.
Mr. LUSIIINOTON said, that the new beer shops
should be exempt trout the billet of soldiers, but not tram
the tax on windows.
Mr.IIUNIB gave notice, on behalf of Sir jfepry Par-
nell, for a motion ..-elatireto steam boats, p 0 the 22d of
April.
and the
of tbe Orders were then disposed•f.
and the Hume adioused io Thttraday, the 10th of Apa
