THE STATFSMAN

PIIICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Heat Stork a perZettlyHaan
su m A mit', AUG. 30.—A Journal of this city has Seer gent. Red. - huh. ' P rf
the following article:—Extract of a letter from the :X;teri;Ceavil MI LonOtetsi
• , •
Ill'annahs June 26.—" The Aid-the.Cemp of the anabbasrl' Escargot.* RIM 17 pacs. csmaiugou dip./ •• *
Viceroy has this moment arrived from Vera Cruz, 4Per
on board the Sybil, Captain Maltase ; he'bringa dim
patches relative to an espedition which is preparing
at Gehtevtowo, under the orders of General Lytle-
mend aid his country mew. It will be composed of
*Omit 6000 tinny, commanded by Bonaparte's hest
officers.— it is supposed to be destined against Mexico
—.that country is the rendezones of all nations."-
The Grand Duke of Hesse-Dirmsiadt has just
insed an important edicLfor his dominions on the
left bank of the Rhine, renewing his promises to pre-
serve
to that country all its institutions introduced
'by the French Government, and which are conform.
able to the spirit of the age, and to public opinion.
SEPT: Sunday there was found in a pows.
der.magazitte, in'the citadel, a lighted match, which-
lied bey., bailing for some time, and which it might
he calculated would require but a few hours to com.
municate tn a ba try! of powder to which it was applied.
[factor, SEPT. I.—A letter from Flushing says--
" Captain M. Bakher, commending the vessel De
Verde, bound from Gone to Antwerp, was attacked
riff Alicant by two armed loggers, bearing the Bog-.
BA' flag. They forcibly opewed the hat Ches, and
took from him two barrels of wine, leaving on the
,deck, by way of payment, some articles of small
treble.
BUISSEIA, SEPT. 3.—Among the latest arrivals
bereave several Russians of distinction, as well as
.English ; of the latter we notice the Marchioness
(Duchess) of Devonshire, with her family and suite,
Lord Calthorpe and suite, and Lord Clancarty, Am-
bassador from his Britannic Majesty.

FLANDERS MAIL.

IN- • •

~i

.

I

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

--

It is asserted that a letter of bis Excellency the
Secretary of State, dated July 11, addressed to the
-Ministers and beads of public offices, says, " That
in future there shall not be addressed to his Majesty.
aay PrAjects of Decrees except such as are draws up.
in the Dutch language, with the permission to add s
French translation, if it is thought proper." Thus
even for the Southern Provinces, they must make use
of the Dutch languages which is almost entirely au-
.known there.

-
I'OPULATION OP GERMJNY.
We extract from the proceedings of the Diet of
Frankfort the scale of population provisionally es-
' --eetned, arrording to which the military force of the
Germanic Confederation is to be organised, eacb hon.
dyed souls supplying one soldier, the whole prodeciog
van army of 300,00() men :
Austria 9.482.927 '
Prussia ~ . 7,515,439
Bavaria . 8.560.000
barony . . 1,?00.000
nanover . 1.905,951
Wifiemtscrg . 1,395,164
Batten' . 1,006,000
Bleviorate of Heise 640,000
Brand. Duchy of Hesse 619.500
Holm ei Zoo°
11.niernborg . 214.058
Jiro aswick . 409,600
Isfeekleoburg SchucrinShS,uoo
Name 302,769
13azeoWeimar . 401,1100

A ohalt Berborg . 97.046
Coetheo . . 9Y.454
Schwarzburg Souders- ( 45,117
hausen
-- : • -- -

ltudolstadt - 53,937
Hohenzollern- Fleck- /
14,500
ingen . .
Lichtenstein . 5,516
Hohenzollern-Sigma- 1 35.360
ringen . . 5
Waldeck . 51,877
Reim. elder branch. . 22,255
younger Jilt° 52.205
Schaumburg- Lippe . 24,000
Lippe- Det mold . 69.062
Hesse-Homburg 20,600
Lubeck . . 40,650
1 Bremen 48,500 .
Hamburgh . 129,800
Total . 3d,094,050

Gotha . 185,6821
Coburg . 8 ,012
Meningen . MAO
Heildburgbausen 29.706
51eeklenburgh Straits 71,769
Oldenburg . 217.769
Aubalt Dessau . 54,947

FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, SEPT. 4.—Yesterday his Majesty presided
at a Council of Ministers, and afterwards took an
airing in the direction of Choisy-le-ani.
• There was a report yesterday at Paris, that Lieu-
tenant Colonel Daftly had beep attacked by some as-
eassins as he was entering his house on the evening of
Thursday last, and that his life was io danger from
tae wounds he received.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester left
Thoulouse on the 26th,and proceeded on his tf.ay to•
wards the South.
The action of calumny brought by M. Le Vicomte
;3e Chapetlelaine against the authors of the Minerre,
bar been postponed for a fortnight, on the request
of M. Dupin, the Advocate, his rime being absorb-
ed by the affair of Doumere. There remained only
the private action against the authors of the Genres
.IVormandes, and against the Sieur Prestal, seller of
a two-penny pamphlet, when M. Clareau, the de-
fender of Prestal, raised a difficulty. This person,
and seven of his companions who had sold the pam-
phlet in the streets without a licence, have been ar-
rested within these few days. Prestat is confined at
St. Denis.
Mr. Oman observed he should be transferred,
that he might be present at the trial. The Court
bas in consequence postponed this cause to Wed-
nesday. The affair of the Lettres Normandes has
been deferred to the same day. M. ltoussialle had
already commenced his pleadings for M. de Chape-
tdelaine, but the Defendant, M. Foollon, remarked
that a part of the articles censured as calumnious
were not his, but M. Leon Thiessee, his fellow-
labourer. The Tribunal then ordered that between
this and Wednesday the Sieur Thiesse sheibld be made
a Defendant in the action.
French Funds.—Five per Cents 79 t '23 c.—Bank
Stock 1622 f. 50 c.

Triune", stmemsta 8, 111$.
.1 (sr/
From the spirit so justly awakened end manifested
in; Ir.land against the Window Tax, the effects of
which are most conspicuously calamitous and irritat.
ing, we have reason to believe that the repeal of that
odious impost will be one of the first subjects to be
considered in the new Parliament; and as that topic
cannot but suggest the benefits 'which the British
Peopie ought now to derive from a general state of,
peace and improved revenue, we may be to!erOY
correct in supposing that it will be the first *cps-
stance that will try their real temper. If we may
judge from the Meetings held on this subject, Peti'
lions from every part and parish of Ireland will bet
ready for presentation the first day that the House of
Commons assembles. This is what the People ought
to do—let the sense of the nation be unequivocally
declared on this, as well as other grievances, and let
the veil that covers the iniquity and the melancholy
consequences of taxation be removed—let the ap-
palling picture of a nation's suffering+ be exhibited
to the eyes of its oppressors till even the Ministers
of cruelly startle at the deformity of their system.—
Peace has now been a visiter of our shores for up-
wards of three years, and yet imposts of the most
oppressive nature are continued, in order to pay
the wegea of profligacy and corruption, and the
interest of the debt contracted in supporting the di-
vine right of Kings, controlling the choice of a free
and enlightened nation in the exercise of its un-
doubted right of choosing its own form of Govern.
ment and its own Governor, and in restoring Louts
Ole Desired, FERDINAND the Beloved, the POPE,
awl the Inquisition. For these laudable purposes, to
maintain such worthy and ennobling objects, a sys-
tem of tuition is continued upon the British People,
which is injurious to health, prosperity, and na.
tional character. The Legacy Duty, a most inqui-
slave tax, end baneful in its effects, and the Window
Doty, that most hurtful and disgraceful of all im-
posts, are still enforced with unremitting severity—
severity which it is acknowledged has produced
and fostered a fever of a most fatal description in
Ireland, and which undoubtedly militates greatly
against the health of the inhabitants of this part of
the kingdom. Whet reflections strike the mind,
when viewing many of the otherwise beautiful man-
sions in the country disfigered by the effects of this
odious tax! Instead of that light aspect and free
access of air which is so desirable, if not absolutely
necessary, in large towns, there are many dark
rooms and blank walls ; and this evil has become so
general, through the long continuance of the tax,
that the mind has insensibly become, in some measure,
reconciled to it. The real Patriot, however, as he looks
on these marks of desolation, regards them as so
many monuments to warn men of the evils of war,
and so many badges of the disgraceful slavery which
the People have been, and do still, labour under to
Ithe faction which has stained the glory and ruined
the prosperity of this abused country. Did the
House of Commons present a true picture of the
minds of the People of Great Britain, these op-
pressive taxes would be abolished in the first
week after the Parliament assembled, and we
hope even in its present corrupt state, a strenuous
attempt will be made to procure a repeal.

BAVARIA, AUG. 27.—8 y accounts from Turkey,
it appears that important events are expected there.
The greands for these apprehensions are, the nume.
root fires which have palely occurred at Constanti-
nople, and the fermentation that prevails smog tbs
Janissaries.

The three principal Pachas of Janine, of Egypt,
end of Aleppo, have shaken off all dependence upon
the Porte, except in mere form.
ViENNA, AUG. 24.—M. de Cevallos, the Spanish
Ambassador, has, by order of his Court, transmitted
to the Chancery, a Memoir relative to the occupation
of Pensacola by the United States. It is, supposed
that the Spanish Ministers, accredited to other
Courts, have it in charge to make the same committal-
cation

The most important notice in the arrivals from
the Continent (consisting of French Papers to the
sth, and Flanders and Frankfort Journals), is that
M. CEvAi.t.os, the Spanish Minister at Vienna, has
presented a Memoir to the Austrian Government
relative to the seizure of Pensacola by the
United States. The same, it was understood)
would be dose by all the Spanish Ambassadors to
the several Courts at which they are accredited.—
It thus appears *bat the Court of Madrid is resolved
to press the subject of its disputes with America into
the discussions of the European Cabinets ; but the
decision of the PRVIDENT of the United States in re.
gard to the restoration of Florida, may set that ques-
tion at rest, unless the Powers are very, quarrelsome.
ly disposed. It may occur to FERDINAND'S Allies to
enable him, by a supply of German mercenaries, to
keep possession of Florida, if it shall be restored ;
bar will America consider this sort of interference a
fulfilment of her Treaty with Spain ? The Moniteur
contains a Royal Ordinance, giving the King's sanc-
tion and authority to the Savings Bank at Paris.—

One misfortune after another falls upon the bankers
here. M. David Isaac Armstein, a Jew of consider-
able eminence, has attempted to make away with
himself, in consequence of the difficoltieo to whichte
found himself reduced.

The money received is to be invested, as with us, in
Government Stock; and the interest of the de-
posits is to be computed at the end of every
month, and added to the capital. The object
of this plea of yoking the poor and all classes,
who contribute to these banks int* the support of
`Government is obvious. The tendency of the prin-
ciple may be good, but that is supposing the Gove►n.
ment to be always good also—if the Public are thus
to be systematically connected with the ruling Power,
land their private property to depend oo the Govern.

beet •We Vrail‘k
9 ;"
_1)1
