.
BRI'STO L, ELECTION. cool be mere useful to-the sountry Ain't oan note
. ~
ic....mitallimps... •
• • . 'be ; but is is only by an adherence to the principle!
An immense concourse of peeple assembled on which 1 have hitherto.priffessed, that I au. be ever
useful in my situation. Ido not, however,bidlivel
Teursday se'nnight at Bristol, to receive air Simnel
Hominy, whose arrival had been innoiuiwed in all Oat Is shall be••put.to this test. .1 have Tittle doubt
the public Papers for the prectelifig week. About that lam destined to pass the remainder of my life,
one o'clock Sir Samuel arrived amidst the sheuts of in lerirarY i and it is..a destination' with which I asin
the populace, accompanied by Mr. Alderman iieble,- well contented; for I had ratherleaves to my Chit-
drawn by the steeple in his cart iage, up to the Bush drew only. a name connected with measures which
linor, opposite ethe .}:whinge, where he aliglead,, ,tend to iocreese the happiness, otto assuage the evils*
a eil proceeded to his Cnnimittee Room, the 'hear of any portion ef my felleirsoubjectsethanalseprookle.
Y. itelows of which front the Fachange. He was led est title which the Crown has to bestow, tor the am-
fs•reard by Mr. Alderman Noble, and exhibited to plest possessions which the -long.• enjoyment of the
tie. gaze of the voteleriog •crowd. Sir Samuel at. most lucratift office could enable me to acquire. It •
t• meted in vain to efld'rese the people. The crowd ' hes been said, I understand, that I cannot under-
v ;c immense, and the mingled shouts of applause' teke to do that business relating to_your local interest
red disapprobation, with the cries of " No Noble !"-ichich is justly expected from the Represeetatives 'of"
--" No Tierney !"—" No. Plowman J"--44 Not Bristpl.. To this .my answer is, that I haite,said I
Pcnsioner!"—" Nu Humbug !"—" No Bloody. 1 will'undertake it. ' it has been observed, that to.. d•
1, idge !"--At No War !"--44 Less Taxer !" &c. &c. so, I must give up a large portion of that time 1
Ie fact, the feeling .of .the, People seemed roused which is fiow occupied in the pursuits of my pro-
eeh indignation at the. iediscietion of Sir Samuel's feesion ; but I have o:made - much sacrifices al-
fli, lids, in publishing the name of Mr. Alderman No- ready, to a considerable eetent, and I am ere-11
b!.., and the Bight Honourable tieorgeTierittly, 'as . pared to mate still g cites sacrificessin your selectee.
Presidents for Sir S. Romillv's. dinner ; and to this : --I hive seen it also stated that I am a maneleeot-,
cause is to be attributed the-mortification and.disap- .
ed to a.political party. Gentlemen, if my, devotion,
roil:meet felt be Sir Samnel and bis adherents at the 1, to party is meant, the githee up my judgment-
cool receptionle met with. In the midst of ono of and voting against my rtason and conviction: for
the scenes of. the greatest uproar and confusion that' measures, because those with whom I generally act, '
was eeer witnessed in Bristol, Mr. Hume, who is • and whose prineiphilei approve, have adopted them,
the popular Candidate, unexpectedly appeared, ' I wholly deny.. the. charge; and I appeal to 'eye
r, (rutted upou one of the loess pedestals fronting coaduct in Parliament
.ie my defence ;- bet if my 'at- ,
the rxc!,zt-ge, and, in the midst of the people, tgun- tachment te party means
.0:11y an
,adherence to those
tiered out with 'the voice of a Stentor, ," Gentle- ` whose public principles .1 wholly approvey; end- hi I
e'en, my name is Hunt, and as I moistens offer you! whose hugs, 1 !s 'my coma:Wee, believe the GO- ,
Ito humbugs, nothing hut plain home troths, I'll war. ! vernment canoe most safely eutrustedeto dm charge-,
ram you I obtain a patient hearipgs"—The air- was • I have no defense to make. I. reflect with satisfac-
lent nith shouts of applause, with the spewed cry : tient on _my connection with that administration, of
of 64 Mutt and truth!,—llear him !"—Mr. Ilunt wh'A one of the principal members was that illus. •
then addressed the Meeting in an animated speech trieusatateoutan, that strenuous astetter of the cease,
of one hour and three quarters, Without any other of relistiousand civil liberty, the late a ndever to be Is.
interruption than tint of
,universal approbation amid mewed Mr.. Fox. • On my connexion with tluit ads ;
incessant applause.. Pointing out the evils of war ' ministration,. which was not exempt from,errers un-
and the miseries produced by taxation, the effect of 'eloubtedly, 'bet. which -carried the two measures
war—elhorting them net to give their votes to any j which most tended to improve the condition of 'malt-
man who would not diatinctly-pledge himself to en=; kind, of any that have taken place in the coarse of
deavour, whether in or out of places to restore the : the present reign—die abolition of the slave trade, ;
bleesings of I've-E;ne far as in him lies.--Iu the midst teethe alteration of inlistitig soldiers for a limited
of this 'Gentleman's history of the two contending • period, instead of inlisting them fin fife, thus palest-
factions, his delineation' of the • hypocriiy of both , ing to those armed citizens, an interest in the Wes.
Whigim and Toreeisnic. the" imst-witolows of Sir S. : sings of. our Constitution, and suspending only,
lionsiliy's Committee'Rooln were closedee--" Ha," : not taking away from them, the trial by Jury, sand
say'sMr: Hunt, pointing to the closed windows, i the writ of habeas corpus;
,it is with satilfaction too '
ti are the nerves of these Gentlemen too feeble tot that I reflect upon the union of my name 'with-that
I
bear the voice of truth?—Are their ears too delicate to lof those distinguished statemen who . are Still pre.
listen to the statement of facts ?"—llere followed' served to us. That I had an office 'Ender the ad- '
such a -Abut as was never before heard 'Within the 1 ministration of which they .were the chiefs, that I
walls of'the City of Bristol. Mad and truth was enjoyed their friendships in 'retionent, and, that.
revibeated from every quarter—thousands tore the when they are • qxcladed ,from dificee because they !
cards Of " Hominy and Independence" from their hats, i will not abandon their principles, I have the baker
scattering them in the air, with iucessant cries of'j to be comprehended in that exclusion, ate to
Bunt and truth. During the whole of this time it rme matters of pride'• and exultation. .1 -hare
rained ha torrents, yet the crowd increased miner than .•seen other: things objected to' me iii publiisations,
diminished,• and a general call was made for Mr. I which, perhaps, are hardly worth noticing. nave ,
Bunt to put on his has=-nosacrifice—toosgood a seen it objected that- i voted for measures whit:l !
man to suffer, &c. At length a boy was mounted on did not and could not vote iipini, becasisethee were 1
men's shoulders, who bold an umbrella over Mr. ll.'s Carried beford 1 had a seat In Parliament. I heel'
head, and hi proceeded to 'the end exhorting the' Free- heard it made a matter of reproaah to me, thatTias !
men of Bristol no longer to remain the slaves of fac- •i the authde of nasal which hairput an end to artestsll
Lion, but to follow the exemple of the Electors of West. 1 upon mesne process for debts of lesi 'amount then '
minster. Mr. Runt condoled by saying—" Gentle- , 151. That nionsure was iSoforoposed by me, it sarl f
',en, 'if von ere& me, 1 will bear your voice into the ginated in the House- of Girds, it paged thCCom- '
House of Contmons, mid I have given you a speci- mons without a single observation,-tend no rote was
ru,:t this day, that I have Tuns' sufficient, as well as 'ever come to upon it ; .but I -claim no merit for this.;
the inclination, to netKe myself heard, even in the I ought to add, that if it everted' comity-a vote, I
Ilenourable House of Commons. A specimen of certainly should have voted for it.'' There' is another'
e ',at one of their most eminent Menthe's is.composed rustler which, perhaps, does not deSerre to be mep....-
of, and his atesty to roake himself heard, you have dotted, and yetsl should Ge glad to-say a few itserdil
eNo had this mernolabie tley :" slouts of appiaese , upon it. It has been published itrahis city that lam ,!
.r.ito:,:erl far•map!, nan:eles, and Mr. Hunt was home a foreigner, and that if you elect me you will lend a
in triumph hy the people to his inn, the Talbot, 'foreigner to represent you in a British Parlidmente
enotist the cheers and ciolgtatnlations of ttst immense. Gentlemen, I was born and 'educated, and Joie
peettlate: Sir Satitecl It filly and his friends by .passed my whole life in England; with the exception :.
this means, had tire. way cleared for 641' precession of a short interval which was spent in visiting foreign
to the dinner, at the Asimehlysteroni, which had countries. My father too Was tiorn and educated in i
heenwaiting a considerable time. Here ale sat England, and spent his whole rife in it. My grand-fie
dowtf to dinner ; M. Castle, Esc. was called to . the thereit is trim; was not are lieglisiiman by birth,' but i
Chair/ Upon the health of Sir Ye 'Bosomy being he was an Englishman by ihoicee He was born the
given, he rose, and after returning thanks for the heir to a'coesitlerible landed estate at Montpellier, in.i
honour done him, hailed it its s most fortunate and the south of France. His ancestors had early imbibed
auspicious circumstance, that preparatory to a gene. end adopted thes-principles and doctrines of the re-
ral eleclien, likely to take piece at a crisis more W' formed religion, and ire had been etticated himself in,
portattt than any that is to be found; in, our history ' that religious faith. ' lieliact- the''misfortune to lire'
since the Revolution, an example was likely to be 1,-soon after the time when the edict of !Coign' the
set by the City of Bristol, of looking fora eepresen. l great toleration act of the Proteitants of France, Was
Cativo towards men who, could have no reeommends: t revoked by Lewis lath, aticisfound himself exposed '
tient to fesce, but e cir public conduct • amid .he to all the vexations ands'persecnthins of a bigoted,'
oterlookieg all personal favour and private attach- and tyrannical gnveretnieat, for worshipping God hail
meat,
,when in competition with•the interests of the the emuner which-he' believed was' most acceptable
nation. ' to hint. He determined' tts' free himself from this
• ....
" Every. min, (said Sir S.. Roniilly)e who offers i beedatioi he eltaetiettiatititi-ProPerrtY,be tore himself
lamseif as a candidate for popular representation, I from his comaexionsleind sought an asylum he. thisl
puts himself as.it were upon his trial before hiscoun- i land of; liberty, 'where he had to stwort himself
try; he must expect the most Severe enquiry into the I only by his own exertions. He embarked 'shims
whole of his past condUct, private as well as public. self in trade,' he- educated his,sond to useful:trades,
lie must expect to hear the whole truth, and 'much ,' and he was contented at his death to leave theas, ill-
more than the trurle . leis not possible that, in the! stead of Lir original patrimony; no other inherit..
midst of the rivalship and of the other passions which, ance thin the habits of Wintry he had given theme
each occasions excite, calumny should not-often- be ithe exampltr'of his own' virtuous life, an hereditary
mixed with just accusation. I cannot; however; ; detestation of tyranny and injustice, and an ardent 1
consider it but as a' circumtaance highly. honourable, zeal in the-cause of civil and religious freedom.,TsS
to this city, and creditable. to those to whom I aut! him I owe it, among other inestimable blestings,ihat
opposed, and with respect he whelp my pretensions , I api an English Man. Gentlemen, this is my oligiel
iinay raise obstacles to their attaining-the objects_ of : I trust that i need not blush to own it. • Geotlemen,
their honourable ambition, that so 'very little has ' I am sorry to lame so long detained youl • item .bush
been objected to me, of which any honest man need ; agaiii return you-my thanks; that I•may.be wifikKtie
be ashamed. Some things; however, hare been ob. -already too Indulgently believe me to be, hi the test
jected to me, upon which, if 'I am• not trespassing ; wish of 'my Wirt and shallsbe the unremitte444oll7'
too long upon your patienee,,,l should be glad to! of :my life." ''s . . •
make a few obsereations. It his been said tat I F •.The nieit toast given was, • '
•
. . - • •
once tilled a. public office, and that I' iiii- deli rous of ' 0 -Tie Boa.- neoreereeneyes • , s
being Win in* such a situetioa, anduf.,ssilcita : se
•eieg.• el Mr:. Paean reed a lettet- frog! -Mr. Tiernerore. ,
salary from the public money. •It Aotrtm that I had Petting his dis'iPPiift."l4- in r
heelminiklNL.ifltfl leY'
the honour of being:appointed hisillejlieei Solicito
• e I hip personaLrespecta to Eissetars of,'lti
General • aid it is also true &it'll' that office were tt this memeriiitle•odeasione
.. s s . •"".• e, eesee.
e arty
again offered to me, uncle'. such eirawnsteaceas iikl l' with The
" lilllgiall4ll.7 IP j'attice;2l"3llbellargli.
could accept it without swerving-Ai iv degree frcetoil',,.• 'lir. Si t3/721YI'Vets' - tie!" ':'
.4" ..-
t
the line Sitesandact which I inmehitheetto pneessede:-.1 7etegit:t LidA .hilitutiws•
,:„.1 offered me, thet by acieptieg ite but* of wilianiel! lbetlfitl ! *NV
144
.
desesingley prinelplei, I thoullacquirwthe MMus- .p . it; NtOtia • .." '
eisding Mitt to them:,..it 4 tree thet I would . • - .•. . - • '7 • w lalchist Cadre,
it, and would give. the honest emoliments. ow. lidtlitie audit with ahallit
lit; twit. it slipsid think that-by so delog-I wasollit ',4lr,vi Omuta Vile -nett -,
e!-parting from, but discharging esiy duty; that I Meeting; and iiidarditoolt*
wee only putting myself in s situation he which I continue to yield his humble
. . • ._ . . .._ _

-

•_' 6

. • '

.11".1

'mu sTATESM .

••• • .;

_ c ;.

• ..

.-~ .. .

OLD DA ILEE

MIDDLES El:1E8,101a.

zz 1,-.,zi*,4

- , -
cause in which he had engaged, tall bed come to a
final decision, which he douhted not would be fa-
Yourahle to the wishes.of the Nleeting.
e•taitecela to Trade and Commeree.4 The .Sessions :cornmaiieed yesterilay before Mr.
' 4. -Tile Came of Religious Liberty tbrougildht the world.". Baron TuomesoN, -Mr. .Justice B.91.1:1-, the Loao
44 Tbe fte..:Dr. Purr.': •
.MAYipw) RECORDER, &C.
• This worthy Clergymen addressed" the meeting, ' ••
wishing success to their eeerfions in :favour of *Sir • FORGERY. 4.
I Joseph. Thompson, alias Joseph Woolmon Thom},
Samuel Hominy, and anxiously hoping that their ier• i s'o__
1, was ihareed with etterine veLfet,l'eus.c,facia
; Bill oi: tirdeifor.payinent; iluPrportingto be the O.
ample would hate an extensive antLauspicious little-
t;der of MA)owgile and Co. of 51, G t-11 . itag,
ence upon tin determinations and measures of other
eleciOrain-other places. rea eon
: I street, London Docks,. for 901. 2s.' *RV-intent to
. -Several other patriotic*toasts and sentiments were: defraud Harold Daniel.
It appeared that at the latter end of last per, the
drauk, 'and addresses made from the Wootton- r. Roire, i.
Prisouer, in company with another person, -41 1
• Rey:Mr. Britten, Me:- Austin, of udar.:
Edge, and C. A. Elton, Esq. - • ' c c.e at
;the house of the Prosecutor, who is st coachenaker,
The evening was spent in great conviviality and
' griod order. The speech of Sir
.S: Romilly was. re- osat _l/4;
in Bond-street, and proposed to purchesea rely de..
entered into a treaty for the price, which it was
g which stood exposed to public view. 'll,,
leeieed throughout with uubounded applause, parti. 'jag
' aereed was to fie 201. the Prisoner stated, himself td
enquiry he
leutatiy the part relating to 'his family—animation
beamed in every countenancesuch effect could only : be
en partner in the house of M‘Dowgale audCo.and
,of proposed to give a bill at three nlobilik, for the
be produced by the electric fire of truth.—Many ap-
.,l propriate songs were -sung, one, 66 The Death
amount of the gig. Mr. Daniel _objected at tint to
give credit, but upon the Prisoner prop
to give
t Nelsen," by N. Peach, Esq. produced considerable :
a.reference, and. stating That he had lately paid sums
effect on the meeting. The company
.broke up at
eleven' o'cloCk.. - • - • 1 which rendered it inconvenient for . hire to pav the
-
• 1 state% question in Cash; Mr. Llanit4:egreed to take
• • Orr Saturdaj!•morning last, between three and foite.i the bill, provided he was satisfied ors the
o'clocit, -the ...Newry fly coach was,:stopped by a should or•ke. lie accordingly sse.t his brother the
strong. baud of robbers, who, without any intimation, ' next day to ;h:1 house of 'Messrs. Thine;son and Co.-
fired into the conch, but withoutinjuring any of-the in Mark-lace. whither he was nil-red by he Pri.
passi;ngers. They proceeded tp hand out those in saner, where he waw.tokl That _ttr house of M-Doe.
the coach, one-by one, and with the most dreadful , gale and Co. were of the highest ebeeeter and re.
imprecatidns, made them 'deliver up all they posses. y speciabilit__..
In consequence of' this repro eitta•ion
*ed., ;.There. were two- ladies, Mrs. Hamilton and
:•the sameyoung nian went the ensui :g day to G,eat
:daughter, whom the,robbers obliged to kneel down Hermitage-street, anti while looking for No. 51, he
-Hit .the read, declaring they would, shoot them in- i was accosted by the Prisoner, who tasked Km who
dandy': one.cit' the gang, hoWever, interfered, and 'he wanted, and having said the house-of M•Doweale
`even declaied he 'would not anew Their baggage to ; and Co.-the Prisoner decittre.d himself to be of that
be touched. However, the "caPtahr of the heuditti I firm, and en }leering-the object of the young man's
Ordired every • thing to be carried
'aff. Money, , visit, he said all was very right,- and took- him into
j wAtches,-trinketsicibthes, every particle was pit*. the counting-house, where, after having procured a
dered. The Rev. Mr. Beresford was in -.the 'coach, stamp, p he gave him a bill at three months for the
grid is said to have lost 2001„; another gentleman sem stated in the indictment, signed in red ink,
lost 6001. and it is thought that the villains carried., 44 Wpoweale and Co."
off with theni altogether, more thin 20001. in cash i -
The bill having been produced, was tie i readdeit
and propeety: , ; on comparineit:with-theindictment, at the-sugges.
j.. • 01.UTutrft
y morning,- Mr. Agar, the celebrated lion of Me. Guarietr, it appeared ,that the date of
i Pedestrian, undertook to go, •by a circuitous route, . the bill in the indictment was stated t 4:0404 Lenden
frem his residence at lensington to Blackwater, in I
-- !'to
i"; Whereas in the bill itself the date 'pieced
ikoipshire, and return, being altogether a distance , to-be "London Docks." Upon the ground, them.
of, fiff.y:mine miles, ht the space of eight hours and ; fore, Of the bill not having been described verbatim
:4 lief, :for a stake of 200 guiemia. The. pedestrian r,' filer:gen.
, by the omission of theletter s in. the in-
' stsirted tt day.light,' dressed• closely in liannel, "se:lth I cettment, Mr. Gurney submitted that ilia Prisoner
light butthick.shoea,. and With his legs bate. Ile .
.1 wis.entitledlown acquittal. - . ..:. - .
quieted at-Aebford Common (17 miles) in two.hourt.l '.
The. Court .agreeing with Ahe.eugeotion of that
and:tep mittotes,,,and .refreshed at Englefisld-green i 'Learned Counsel, the Priioner wait accerdingly-4e.,
i (21 inites)lii five minutes lot then three hours from,. ouinid.• .: •
starting. The pedestrian continued steadily at work.
.'""4/jaabeib Burn was
,convicted orsteartng Eire
until he did the half "of his journey, in four hours, . heaver liatieand two Mid* bonnetS2 the property_ of
and four minutes,. After' being "Well - rubbed, Mr. ; Stash :Dunn, privately in her shop ; as were also
Agar pursued his Ile,rculean undertaking, and did 1 er
*Warn Webster and Sitsthttrish Werbsteeiefor iteiii.
his seven miles amhour tolerably • true, although le.] Ing two:pieces of Irish littene4he . property of"-Eti-
ttas 'much distressed in the last two hours, but 'lle
--- warsjfireeze, Elizabet4t Breeze,
"and .Sugar Bnerze,
Woulhe match in three minutes within time. This is
'pibrately in their shop; and liestrASllippey, for al.
theigreetest.performance of modern .days.
- Tiro.iiiontleur of the 3cl utt. states, that authentic
.aid lulling. from his person and against his will, a
edviest had been received at Frankfort, anhounctng, metafetatcb,'•&c. his prbperty.
...- - •
that Abe celebrated German traveller, Hornomann, ' . .., . :..,..._
Who, about ten years ago, set-out from Cairo, to disc - -,
cover antiquities, and explore.the interior,uf Africa, ;
iiike at Murzeiuk, in:the kingdom of Fezaan,, where

, -49. •%"--- _ -. 4.
'ke eV:icrYtid the confidence of the Sultan, an 111 d acted : . -caTilnLic atlatavatlf& .-- •- .
;this ;Minister.' From the tong reiod *Which had :..Yestarday a•etise.cami'itis wherein a hits of the
elapsed since any intelligence was heard of hint, ft 'name. of ArOtbald Bitchiest:lts tilt penton'tteengeds
: Wisigetlerally cmicluded by-the fiteruti•in Europe, 'mid a woman of the nairie:_af Mary. Reddy *was the
!;tllitt hg bid. perished. The foreign joutlials, in Prosecutrix. ''." . .. ' ..- •. . .
;ifiglitly enticing the above intelligence, add,. that, !
The case Was stated by.. Me. lima:, on behalf of •
rlikp:odfli4lented counteytnan, 'Mune° Parke, he had the, Prosecutrix, and slip anti .abet witnesses were .
Posen carried into slavery, •and.eliclui•ed the most in.
1 called, whO gave testimony ft' sUpporeof the charge,
: credible hardships.: Ifornemati wit! be the first. gu: Ito its utmost exteitt. Thejr wire all sereiallferess.
liopeau who erea penetrated to Fezzan, the existeitce
1 •
of such a kingdom hitherto:resting ou the credit di examined by Mr: A noLeatts enao-De:*
9 -:Ar
Abe part oft
Pendant.. ••. • . • -, •. •• ~ ~.
~
.
•
Lithe, Moors. Fezzanis a small circular domain, I' f
Our Readers-sill understand thit thewords of the.
placed in the midst of vast deserts., aillf.• is south of 1 indictmeet rent to chary the Defeadant, that he,.
Tripoli, near five hundred miles. •'' I •,-.
.tree•of James Reddy., •
Friday night an improvident 'lmhof; having leave I
of absence from a man of war, to-which he belonged, [ f4n. this fact the fellowtg c,ross.examinatinn toot,
I.place of. the Prosecutrix, vit.
for a• few days, and had received at Somerset house .. • ~ •
•
iuthenrds of COl. for wsures and prize. money due-to ~ Cousi.a.-WheecountryWeinan are yaw ?A. Ao Irish we-
Mtn. •
'three near 40f. of-which a tat expended in less than . cootana.--ilowlengareyoe ip Et4leasl ?
.F.lt:yen.yoars.
t 1 1
days, having fresh rigged himself with new ' 9,143,1(amiet•-11.1,n1re 77ei:;',i,„.'"Frijea4
jii Aii2atiVatbstai.,
jacket and troWsers, and some other things necessary, Zomt,„„til-it„*:“rjo'nz'lg,,? A. Fo„rar) at,
land a silver watch, met with an ,Impure, and accom. • Coonst-Whet chapel is that? A. A- emboli,. Chapel,
. C‘._OUNSICL—A% aoloarried you? ainer
pnnied her .to .a house• iu the neighbourhood of ."ie l'aetir A: lie,
Lvivaset-Thera you were never o w tse morn
Goodman's Fields, and made her a present of 51. ; -
~... . . . 'O. t
*hen aeter.drinking plentifully of grog and •spirits, !
votrtesEr.-•-Thee, Sire addressing West. o the
Went to bed; when he awake found himself alone, Court,
.. ,this indietmeat is isbt maintained; it charges
and. soon after discovered, the ungrateful wretch bad.; ate
described to belhe wife of Japtes.Reddy, married to
• absconded, after robbing him of near 201. and shit : hinitn &tailbone Chapel •Ity a Catholic Priest, with.
watch, and left' him penityless in a strange place; : - .. and .: • ..., . •
. opt bans or licence • ay the !rte of this lend, no
diligent search was made after her, but to no purpese. • . ' . . '
The waste lands in England, capable of cultiva. :' Illarrhilte. t aec•rdanff t* the-"ets.*l4. tit!' Mer‘
*rtage Act, of the 28th Of Gallo: 2. c. 33. will hold
'
'non, ire estimated at 20 millions
,of acres.—The j
Grand Ju-ties at the Stafford, Worcester, and Oxford ; g**(l3 and the,Defendaatinest be acquitted.''Assizes have agreed to petition the Legislatare for al ' The•Cocussel for. the proitteution made some ob.
General tnclosare Act. * . . . [serrations on :the novelty of, ,the objection, but was
Last week Thomas 3faretnen Broneville,chiraney-
- . obliged tb subinit to the ,weight.ef, statute. law, and
sweepers mat corritnitted to Gloucester Gaol, charged •the Court 1101"... eelesti
De-
with the wilful murder; by cruelty 'and ill,usage, .oC: Pendant was instantly feund. --=.317.. o! Guilty-pod dn..
-submlttittg tilso, ,the ve_. -
his apprentice, James eient, a boy abotif ten years 3 Charged. .
..,. . ' . '• . • -
of age. .,
: - ' • .Ns a' -a• ' • 4
s,
A. poor Woman in Burgh-heed, 'Scotlitild,„lately'l .' The great, Baron Glay..puyAve'..tradefshinvi, was
purchased halt.i:.dozen- Of haddocks, being'
all' that 1 recommended by tha Queenfof f tgttir..to Prince
her purse•co.uld itteird: oat opening of which, to her .•GASTTI.CiCy..S, the SicilianAgsheasador at th•Geart
Sistonishment, the found a guinea al ' '•"' I of St.,Jimes'a, by whom IC Walt introduced to the
SiaMDLino.-Ate Public are cautioned against a fashionlible circles intim Metropolt .
• person, *fio -lot about- ten days past, -his-comniitied I'''. ieetilerday' -
at the PubliC Office,..llow.strt•et, an
I. divers.trautiX and felonies- under the ailantialitls ' Otteer of .vely respectable conitecdoni was charged
La Sir 1%11:Ford, Col. Hallety&c. and •vrho at other within attenipt to 'commitn.mcitt detestable o'renr"s
Fthlies.frpresented himself to'be a Clergytean. :The In: a boy beseeen eleven and twelve )rars7'of age. is
talasfdr wanes tb'out five (ref ten, lii abeht thirty' Rei-court, Qid tirompton,andvvos ordered to fled
1
1 of-age,-age,with*promtnent a'nd commanding fee.=
',s
~..11i4() t answor the ;•barge at theSessians. .
,
IMP.:. -AW-elegant dressed 'petit figure, accompaniet
Jinn generally as,his 'wife, and stn*•etttetly servant-in '
1 hroWn livery faced with red.,. - The swindler has pun.
chaaed abr . cle howiesiln._ his short•-••.co4rstlV•erilkie, .s.r'ho had
. }sinking at some
m thg chOrch of
challenged by her
/lien,- after some
took up a-. pair
the girl, whereby
- her almost in.

- c. .

• - 14 Ali R.114,D..... • - - 1 '
On Tneldayiat Webthury-upon-1111n; 'honing Tyndall, FA'.
of OK Fort, near Brjstol, tq Mary Sybella, eldesi d .eritter mi.,.
mu, Eq. of Down-House, C;loueestershire. l•
...:•,_•
• At Hampstead, on Tuesday liar, Thomas Itipnsondi 10.5.
Elizabeth Stank', of Itampstead, :
-""

. • Ditti. -....- . ' - .
06 gaNi.day last„nt•Lausb A btoy,_'lCent, Dr. Orme, Ist.o •
kiiitb yrs:.
On Friday hie, John Wing, Dsq. orrhorrity Abbey.
...

).N: l'einted and Published bv I). L0r57.1., at Or
StVrllimAx Orrtce., 67, Ileet,tre.q.

"3 rose and Pia; iygebit. AP3witi wo.Mafi or-the•tormes4 Wi
tt.att earlieraccprabttaaCe been With a few of .hgr companions* Fe
health he 10,4 4oujit.lo ritrried. gepoptrelur.itiug from
•. 7 ,n. ioii)gpome, clia
.
le, Ng, • tot
It warmth. on, e, in a fit of passion, to
returned thanks td the—oritiltiten tongs stud threw them at the
wised- begun, so he would, her scull was fractured, which caused
le assistance to thagseat stsuit death. -
