THE STATESMAN.

Departineni, sod bug thyself with the vain-
'louse. td., of kolohtbond, which thous rens. •et
'twee, w•thnnt thy hiss& casiks, Oliver, Sabine,
and llarper litor•-1 with thew to shit* the 1414.nre
of tb. sword of Stale waving ever all tbise bud. to.

This fteeriont 11111 not make thee smile. Them
oat see to thyself—" I am scarily suited to be arc
down is such company." I der, it, Mead Jose.
Ouse has caused blood to flow in Derbyshire, menthe,
attempted it its Westminster, the others in tips-fields,
mod though lust lint least, thou Knight of the Dogger,
in imithfirld, hada the same object, to foster thy ;No.
motton. Steil. I tell abbot's in vale, the People w.ll
not go in the way of brieg butchered. They wars
their rights, they want the law; yea, sod they will
have them too, in spite of German whiskers, Gm.
man sabres, soil German pampers. They ham too
long been borne doer by a profligate ovation, their
Representation • despotic Oligarchy. They aro les.
ed to pay the worst characters in the coons'?
mittemotaa sums for doing worm than pettily; a set
of mercenaries hired to ride roughshod tom thee,
awl uphold • courtly pomp in a coontry where the
inhabitants are deptieed of more than a manly pit-
tance to keep life and mid together; where the Poor
Rates in the manufacturing districts rioted the
rentals, and the upstart myrmidons of power crying
aloud for vengeance upon (trees who dare complete
of bonier sod nehotiness. Such is the atom of oho
once proud Joan BuLt., now lb. poor, the humbled,
the insults") Jason Oyu.; 'till, with gel this scrums.
Wino of misery, he is called span to pay a spend.
thrift Prince 10 0000. a sear for keeplug one of the
Coustosndenents ; 60 0001. a year to a young 'oldie',
for giving up the sweets of MI. a yes". end seer crest
for roast beef and plumb podding; 400.0001. ots another
for assisting despotism, the " beloved
and skiing the Isquisitton in forging the chairs of
' slavery in &reps; for them and similar impositioes
the People are called open to pay three millions of
additional lases, and that in tinge of pearl. Whet
, thinks. thee now, friend Joint ? Can ell this lest
No, Joint, it cannel. Heaven forbid is shook!: the
accurst mast be balanced, sod the sooner it is dour
I the better.

11e11 the., Mood, 'di awe folly to look at the
sitssti•.a of snits, and for a ens•ttt seppom it can
be improved by ',Allied's,. Vine awn will at all
time stare danger in lb, her—foils and cowards
wily wish to pet elf the nil day. These who
tempt a power above the law may full endor thy law
Britons most eat or lb., comet liar : •11 the gibs of
boantifel nature ate coaaterected by the impolicy of
Ms. Britons slime in the midst of plows) (i.s.
honer at last •ill break through atone well.). 415,01!
when lb., ery sled for bind as food their ots.re
abl...fsprint •pin, they are mdl•d essd
ht ? Bt the very blood secket•, who 'sit n
I on the r•te., and took for bono•r• ••• • rensid for I
anti, rapacity. Settiiittig a few to the Cup•. North I
Attorney. or Botany Bay, wont do—..b, 00: ((.fete
mast Wino, st.el that sperdsli: a Rotor a.
lb. Ise of the laid prescribes ss comfort.. •.. teo
h•slsb of the Constitution. Sot show. Mead Jou,s,
and such esprelants, a.. like the has inhabitant. at
• entity •..uatnn. oho will est e.. advised b) th•if
w•ghtuters of approsehoog &mgr. ChM the fir., high
until hods the rotten talons about thei► oats. ...d,
as a matter of Mgt.., it•., boron* the victims of
their ewe stubborn infatestion.

Now, tripod June. 1 hove Pee to thy owe rei.e.
limn, if thole hrst Soy refiffeijos otomesfs. Thank tI y
Davie(' Mare, for t►a lined eneders of the Poessie,
•hw. if they woold be 'nulled by thy improdefore,
■ight bees coerced this with the blood of thy no..
toot sod iodositioes weighboors.
Caothersell, 9th Ifloesh. IPI9.

OBADIAH.

TIM GLASGOW WRAVIMS.

Dube last wet •pwatds of 300 eoeters out of
oo,k la 'h. Royalty, Were replayed io tho'Ma
by the Magistrates to make retain irpeits, at die
rue of Is. Ir. 3d. sod Is. 6d. a day, occordhe to
she ciretentooteof their Goethe : ao pall •camber

belonging to the Heresy Parish was employed in one
dune Tewa•s quarries. As as additional sis hes.
eked had applied far work dsrlog the last week, oho
'loteseripeloo Committee fossil it absolutely news.
vary to reduce the wages le Is. a day to all classes,
when a somber of eddkiousi heads were merged.—
' Pivot Is the Green, sotisfled with the fettuccine,
went peaceably to work yesterday morels', bat those
in the gamey week work, and having commed-
cased, at the breakfast hoar, with those in the Green,
about theee.foartlas of them reflood to work bat on
oleo (newt terms. A considmedlo crowd having, in
the ~saint, assembled iu the Green, the constatotes,
by order of the Magiseestes, tweed oat, and a de-
tachment of the Web Dragoons ; the 80th Ittlimvnt
being ander arms se the barracks. No disturbance,
however, tank place. Abnet nine.lenths of the
weev►r. applied this morning fur work, and arrange-
meet s are making in give them employment.
A depvtation of weavers from the village of
Aoehisairo. on Thursday last, waited on Charles
S irittog, Fory. at Cadder.llosse, stating the distress
that 'bey and their familiessi preset., ley tender, from
want of employment. The proprietor of Aechinairn,
at lb. r►gent of Mr. Stirling, went coo Friday merg-
ing so learn the real stale of their cases, vibes be
Need a number of Om wholly oat of work, and
others had airy little lieges for what they did do;
and the while of einem, to the namb►r of sisty.foor,
however, declared their willingness to work at mach
tabour as they might be able for, at sae Millais a
day.—( Glasgow Coserkr.)

The I•Ie of Wlkl is in a template bottle al the
present moment, by the presence of hit Royal High.
Mss the PRINCE !trate; thew randpotooo it ap.
rioted in that Channel. The inhabitants are elated
•ith joy at the event, no !Renard' basing saskr been
wpm the Wand slue• the Imprisonment of the safer.
ignite t HARLIN at Ca►isbraulte Castle.

Essr.er of a !otter from a Gootlemas is thy parish
of Sr. Geary►, Jamaica, rho has litod rho., IR yoors,
to bit Mood io A;r, &god eh* 10111 of Joao lari
" This Is oho Boit ilroo.lfol plat I over ; set a
shown of rain In 'hi' qoarior sloe. tho 1141 .f Feb.
We aro dreadfully berm ',Need sill mot make &ben
half a crop. Liars will be deu.":

Pal TIIK 67:4 rES.II4N.
