Beim,
atti. and foer Spanish transports. •
s.—The wreck of a timber
1 laden cruet, with her stern and bottom oat, ras
towed into this qarboor laM night, having been Who
in with close to the Loopaod Read ; she is apparent.
Jy beiweio 3 and 400 toes berthas, black bottom,
• white Moe, wkh two black • 'Woks, levier masts
• painted White; when boarded, her masts aid rigging
were banging over the side, which the sailors were
obliged to cot away to get her dear. The stove of
the caboose has the miters name u poo it, " elieer,9lB6,
Wapping." The timber, deals, &c. which remained on
deck and below are discharging. The sailors report,
.that a considerable quality of goer, timber was
gloating lo all directions near the wreck when they
boarded her, also the loog, boat, full of water, with
the name "'Thos. Watson" within the stern. The
bottom of a ship answering to the above wreck vas
towed on shore here yesterday evening. As no dd.
ings of thelcrew have as yet reached this place, it is
conjectered.and hoped they most have been picked
op by some vessel and landed elsewhere. The fol-
lowing Damer are cut oat on the =homier—Wm:
Baker, MO—Henry Charles Essen, 1811--Wm.
• Reed, 1811—A. ilare--Elita—bet no other marks
• can be discounted on board to lead to the ship's name
or pnit•

. .
Livenle49/Avisure 4. The Prince Regent,
which was of shore in Bootle Bay, has been got off.
GREIVILAPID FunsaY.—Arrived at Hell the 3d
lost. the John, 13 fish ; Shannon, 13 fish ; and Dui.
combs with S fish.—Arrived at Wbitby on the 4th
inst. the Cherub, with 33 fish.—Arrived at Montrose
on the 2d inst. the Eliza Swan, with 8 fish ; and
Monarch, with 7 fish.--The Enterprise, of Lynn,
passed Shields Bar on the 3d inst. with 11 fish.
GENERAL MONTGOMERY.
The American Papers contain en account of the
removal of General Montgomery's remains, from
their obscure grsvtin Canada, to receive monumen•
tal honours from Ms adopted countrymen. Generall
Montgomery was a native of Ireland, born near Lift,
ford, coenty of Donegal, in the year 1740, of one,
of the most respectable families in that coentry.—
His elder brother, Aleaander Montgomery, enjoyed
the paternal estate, and was Representative In Par.
lisment for the county of Donegal for many years.—
The late General entered early in life in the British
• service as Captain of infantry, and served with dia-
. tinguishod credit during the war which ended in
' 1763. He then resigned his commission, and devoted
all the energies of his mind and person to the service
of his adopted country—America.

I.

4 . 1
lead te..morrow. . MI,
casetenced at pretest, we sr to eta
!Airways had covamqmstse leptegit*limiiimit,
!folgti Anywise pettithipg a stet ne thoecegft et
ile .
tend whet is better far, and seediareinehese
tipp,„lte has had common honesty enong% timet, le,
petittid;
conformity with this conviction. To es
.other respects be will not treat this Country 1
as 1,1111 British Ministry in its supreme wisdom ecaf
direct, would be silly in the 'stream. This is the'
condition on which he has been promoted to the
ieltreation be now holds;, and, although it is cer-
talnly ,optional. with him to resign his place,
should be feel any repegoance to abide by his
instrectiona, it* highly improbable, that a Gen-
tlest% up* by hese lastituted in the Pitt Sys-
tuna, moslitenktkpo* yed the emoluments of a Minis-
Wilda, liter since he knew the value of a salary,
aid the maim of obtitluitytit,. should display such
transcendent magnheith., slots!' ;petrel with his
employers, about thi treatsent of this country.
However, we are not disposed to indulge in unfa-
vourable anticipations of his conduct, end we repeat
it here, once more, that perhaps a better Irish Secre-
tary could not be hoped for, from the Junto that is
now in power. It will be time enough to speak of
his Administration, when Ate Public shall hive been
favoured with some specimens of it; and in the °M-
eet, we promise him that, his movements shall be all
vigilantly attended to, and all his public acts scruti-
nized with rigour, bet with inpartiolity.
It is impossible, eevertheless, to resist the tempts.
tion, which such an occasion es this presents, for of-
fering a few reflections en the deplorable state of this
country, as it is now circumstanced. We are not
only entirely in the power of a Foreign Parliament,
, that knows absolutely nothing about this miserable
dependaucy --w hether it be considered, with reference
to its soil, resources, agriculture, manufactures, cepa.
Millie', population, manners, customs, character of
' the People, or any thief; else, whatever, but its care,
and in a word, its whole Government is vested in the
bands of a Foreign Gentleman, called a Secretary, who
.ctere to enjoy a lucrative place, at the espence of
pie, and to acquires relish for arbitrary power
# conducting the affairs of five or six millions of the
.pnfortonate Irish at his sole awl paramount discretion.
'This is really, in our opinion, the worst species of
4,lomtry to which any devoted country was ever doomed.
Ifeez the People having any share in governing
t Ives, no one pretends to speak of so gross an
absurdity—they are in effect as completely excluded
from such a natural exercise of their rights as the
serfs of his Majesty the Emperor of All the Russian,
or the Moors at the disposal of his Most Noble
Excellency the Viceroy, or, in other words, the
Dey of Algiers. The People of Ireland have not
even the advantages of the inhabitants of the purest
despotisms ; for in these latter countries there may
be each • thing as national glory combined with
slavery that gilds its chains, and by dazzling the
fancy half reconciles the bondsman to his thraldom
—in these wretched nations too, the persons who
absinthe power which accident or treachery soy bare
conferred on them, are always,- it may he said, na.
tires of the countries which they oppress, and have
some feelings in common with the victims of their.
tyranny. But in Ireland all these things, that al.
leviate if they do not remove the sufferings of the en.
slaved, are without an .4'l'Bh:rice. We do not in.
deed assert, that this errantry is in a worse state thee'
many nations in which arbitrary power and nothing
else is established. Such a declaration would beliefl
our conviction of the contrary ; bet, we iesistt•eliat
although there are circumstances which give oar
countrymen some advantages above the inhabitants of
downright absolute Monarchies; there are others
which degrade them below any race of beings in the
civilized world ' • and to one or two of these we have
already alluded. What, for instance,
.can be
more revolting to common sense, than that
ell which can interest the Irish, as wen, should
hes-subjected to an individual, (such as oar Chief
IlejleteltrieS usually are,) who comes here, not only'
ate of any knowledge whatever respecting any,
that concerns Ireland ; trot whose very first es.,
oe the defies of his office must Emily all his pre.,
jails' against the Country and the People/ In fine,
It if impossible that be can do otherwise en such 011,11
occasion, their make comparisons to our disedvanters.
1 111 • sees nothing at first but the effects of ages of op.i
pension and it is bet naiad that he should dwell en
thesedects rather than on thecasses of thew. lie sees
a Poole comparatively thriftless, because they are
*NNW with every species of exaction ; berates
the capital that, by its rapid home circulation, should
keep them emplo3red, is sent out of the country to ac.
Mende thsiadast.ey of England; because poverty and
want, and toffee itig, have sank them in despondency,
and paralyzed exertion ; and because the time that
might be ernplered in useful occupations and profita-
ble esnipulatiors is dissipated in vain, endeavours
iro supply the wants attendant on abject parry, and
the destitution cf any thing like a filed and adequate
Jocose. Resolits however are all that strike his ob-
servation, and in every instance he knows nothing of
the thousand ire i sistible meset that, as In the above
oasis we bsve ske t ched, produce such melancholy con-

sequences.
It is thus that Ireland is premised by men who can
4 neither have an interest la her prosper's-
knowledge of her situation. They come
all their bloshim g prejedices thick upon them,
reside in the Colpiial for a few mouths
(even Sis yearn residence did tact enable M..
attempt as mu ch as a tour of Ireland—that
an escirsinn kt a close carriage from one geademat
test to another), and they saaeally return to London
to Legislate for Ireland.—There is no comment
assiery..(lria; Guardian.) •

Dett..lewik iieeetieg took piece ea Tuesday
;fig, &beet seven o'clock, at Chalk Far(
f lent. Worberra.t., of the Navy, and MI
when the parties fired by signal, at the,
'eight twice". btr. Fit/111111 received his et
bail itv bit left era; be was istateiNetely
bow., wiser, 'mice, aid was glvei sod
eigfeetit recovered is leave bieesfait .
tia4

- 1
, •
tbileilibilliVrt ruswitlee euileeteers to
.. ~1 es Orime-ifepte '
enceasist*tis six other Magistrate's I
__ —) . App. god Xagorip, Epsomi to egg.
111 , , , ; lirtitittlus taken. Mtn gilltedy:
of l' : t C
ia , , ..0 estip 410 a-halls s*ltAlloat
Ile ' trace o Mi. May, the gamer, of
L0:44. r, a they tied spreheaded 4qm! and
J :
*
, eta as 4 gaped asbortaurt awl-
el,ri k cosiest li 01 nierder' ne 40 .C4eo,
P •
T 141
*lid :Ir.. 17140. t NI igen Ii n °ID
ntA4l Owir
found 115411,12gedsa A-- hie being near their*,
when the mu Wes jag, and from thersVite-r
. ...„ •
ins marks about aisle thtkey though proper to
apprehend fiim, is tae appeaiii to have been lately in
a sculffe, end rerived Ideto his forehead. 4 ;rbey
apprehended fbe A.:••1 , #iiing fuformed that on jot
A.:••1,
theti wii i goals of is piciOns character ; ' and trawl
his being from hou* gothille eight the murder• wit
perpetieted, and
_from po,hailis slept is this,,
field*, according to fiii ilyketints not metes,
a quarter of smile freit astAol6.lltere Cu,
murdered, 1 :
• r
A .rit ri, .., • ‘... i
John. Ilailiday, a sbeeleellps folding et Eftte4"
sworn.-;Knows the Prisoner Thomas Arnold ;she
has boa iu the habit of frequeotly coming to hie
house; was there on Saturday last, and went away
at eight in the evening perfectly, sober; did not pre
him again until Sunday gooralogot cis o'clock ;.; he
, AilFw said be had not been at home till, W tuatt lets bet
slept on an oat stack near 64 stung et the IoWI4, '
Mr. William Butcher, a cutler and Ironmeager at
Epsom, remembered selling • knife like the one
(clasp knife) shown him ; he did not recollect Os.:1
born purchasing a knife at his shop; was in the habit
of selling knives with the same maker's name upon
them as upon the one produced.
Mary Ann Hoar, sister-in-law to the Prisoner
Osborn, though she hod seen a knife resembling the
clasp knife (covered with blood) in Osborn', band;
tens could not say it was his knife, or .would she
swear it was not; she had been informed that a knife
bad been found near Cos's deed body ; if she was
certain the knife was Osborn', she would say se,
Irithoot considering the consequence to him.
The Prisoner Osborn then stated, that he would
answer every thing that hid been alleged against him
in evidence in the most satisfactory manner. Ile slept
at home Saturday on night, and was :earned in the
imatoing, as was his wife, by the report of fire-amts,
about five o'clock. The circumstance of the report
was not much noticed either by him or his wife, they
toeing in the habit of hearing guns fired off by persons
shooting. When he was seen at his cottage door at
six, be had just, come demo stairs, and had never
left the cottage. The gee found in his heels was
the property of a Gentleman of the neighbourhood
(Mr. Doherty), who we; at present from home, and
.who had placed a large quantity of linen under his
'care during his absence, and had left him the gun to
protect the property if occasion required. As to the
cut and bruises on his face and forehead, they, were.
occhioned by a fall from an apple-train by} own
garden ;Ate was willing to strip, and it the braises
were caused by a scuffle or fight, there would swum*
be some marks of violence on his person besides the
beelseeelioded to. He then stripped, and was esamined
by Mr. Meyd, the surgeon, who stated that no marks
were apparent on his body that indicated he had been
in a scuffle; the marks on his forehead he thought
had, from their appearance, been occasioned es de-
scribed by the Prisoner.
William Tanner deposed, that he lodged at
Osborn's father's house; on Sunday morning, be-
tween sis and seven, he saw the Prisoner Osborn in
his garden. Osbore's cottage is not mere than fifty
yards front Crockingbas Corner, where Cog was
murdered.
J. Saunders, servant to Mr. Northey, for whom
Osborn also works, had seen him use a knife some.
what similar in appearance to the knife covered with
blood found at Crockingham Corner; hut cannot say
positively that the knife produced is the same.—
Within a few days he observed that Osborn bad used
a pruning knife like the one in question, bet on Mon-
day he used a long knife to cat the strawberries for
the first time. Witness bad observed the bruises on
Osborn's forehead, they were not there on Saturday
night. Osborn came to work, as usual, on Monday ;
but witness thought be appeared very shy, and seemed
to avoid him.
Thomas Arnold, on being called open to give en
'cement of himself from Saturday night to sis o'clock
on Sunday morning, when he was seen at Epsom,
stated that he left the house of Halliday about eight
o'clock on Saturday night, and at that time intends/4
.to go to his mother's, at asnatead, and sleep, bet
meeting with some companions, be drank until he
.was intoxicated, and then he went to a stack 4 oats,
and slept there all night. He did not know what
time on Sunday morning it was when.be awoke, but
the son was up very high ; be went immediately into
Epsom to Halliday's house, and he then found it was
pie o'clock; he afterwards went to • his brother's
residence to breakfast. The stack of oats is about a
quarter of a mile from the }pot where the murder was
committed. He never made use of any words about
shooting hares, as bad been attributed to him. 11,
had been employed as a reaper by Mr. Hell, of t.
som, for stow time. This Prisoner (Thomas
nold) was asked by the Magistrates to state energies,
slept on Friday night ; he refused to answer the queer,
tion, stating that wherever be might have slept Jib
Friday a'--' - -

welb4,l

---

•

~._: ,

.

.
'"'''' -11FltmilliirwOld 'eat eitelirASels . When hain
toed • kiwi tOOIII6 be Midi 41 I 4440 hothing more id
sey,". end WAS eery eery it bet* swaperl.d of hats
*Ng err pettlripotinft in the therfttet. Tie Chills mad
Itleerrittter) said, that he ISIOSI 6 ceinottfii en'
lift !Wale'. to 11111 Wee AO woollens pet to MAU ter
"it istpliest gent if he refined le esvist its Nat tabiaia
iritlellf. Arnold replied, (het he *paid ans.., ,teens
14tions ; bat he knew nothing there than he hid said;
4telokil set bear any report elf I pistol, he i.e tidiest
'drank, end when he eat told that he *se suspected
oisf edmitittlng the =order, he thoeght it was a joke,
Iliad that they wanted to take Mat before the Jestices•
'bo penlsh him for tidies dreek oil Sunday&
• A nearby, of other witnesses were eternioati, their
etidenwodid not materially irtfott the Prlsofters. The
investigation lasted seven boom when the Magill.
trattle, if., a long end materedeliberattenosblerao
de o) distharged all the Priseiterts •• .
0 . .
. T
-1- LAW INItLIIIGICtiCgi
iv: -
KWh; r tAI , row-
fll,.;11 its' OP Ctaltq & atts Atm. il.
...
Its siell l Manto* !...g, teem,
F-1,4:Ille Loan Cisanaact.**4—V j 'Mot reed thlll lig.%
6141014 this cases alld 1 iisiaiitire, Defendant shoela
not pay the costs--as, Whin the sonstnrine was issued
for him le attend before the Attorliertionetol, he
,!its in FUSCO, and'coold not attend. His Solicitor.,
LAMM. Dunn and Crossland, cannot be charged with
ARAN. wilfully crested- the d'lly that had taken
r , as. As the Defendant iiiseMpteel from the pay..
E,
etc( the costs, theyisiesilf "test pay them. I On-
t . . stand there is an erroneous impression of my pulp.
'01*111( gone abroad: that 11- said that the tin pateoll
1414511, fire.irat4 clashed 'with each other. 1 raid no
noth Wig i for, In fart; they are quite abduct."
- es 'malt &Komi's fdisea.
Sir S. Rommor presented a petition, on affidasits.
from five persons, pra)ing Ist
.p,,stfit of Habeas
Corpse to be directed to Preston IFlnrnks 6 the li.eiree
list
of on Asylum for .I.martirs, near York, to.bri up
o the bodyrGoorgo 'turner, oho etas own- m-
prislaedender pretence of being in Witptel( dem
sgagement. It appeared that George 1%4,1in s'
4eseething beyond the middle age, bad color,!,e a•
den with a view of. publishing lotus religinbe aniks I,
having &no so at considerable espeece, be ...ss te.
turning again into the country, *Non he was arrested
by his son, Alexander Turner et Birmingham, eritlby
him, with assistance, conveyed as a Illsdatlitt tq gpe
place where he is now confined. where bi ~.te.
mained since October last. Soon artery s; pis
Il
other friends soft relatives of the lifOfte "tan
heard of .the stetter., and revalred that.A
..' 'lope
'Tomei should set lois father ,inelberfY., kiknall
written to upon the sehjeei,44 ieplledtirkat soy
body aright take the old else 'wily from Hqnbl's
provided a debt due fronfAjm to Alessi)* Terriers
eaceediog.lool., were paid. ' Subsequent 'condo m&
cations were bad, by which it appeared' that Ales-
ander Turner cunfised hie rektor because he either
could not, or would not, discharge the demand, and
' not because be web subject to insanity. It was sworn
by.
the persons
h
in applying,
thatad never theyh
aed.sihnitsbil t e d knownany
G Turf
symptom' of derimgement. It was also stated in the
ifsdroits, Oat application bad first been made upon
The subject to Mr. .---Enstiedt.— Abbot, afterwards to
kie..-Jestion Hoiroyd, and finally to Mr. Justice
lleyby. who went the Northern Circuit, when he
was lest at York; but the latter Judge, on hear-
ing the affidavits, did not think fit to grant a Habeas
Corpus that the cohappy man might be brought,be-
, fore him.
The Loan CHAPICELLOtt asked if the faits DOW
disclosed were all before Mr. Justice Bayley I
• Sir S. RostitArt answered in the affinsatire, as far
las he was informed : the case was one of eatreme
'hardship sod injustice, and well merited serious en-
quiry.
The LORD, CuANcErzoadotthted whether he could
--. the J' ,of the Assize. the proper
I 1., ' - fused ' -

interpose, after t, udge ,
person under Statute 31 Car.. , had refs to grant
relief.
Sir S. RIIIIIILLY added, that it wag very unfit that
the sanity of a man should be tried merely upon alfi.
davits ; the individual ought tobe brought np io per•
son for esmination. ,s•
The Loan CHANC2LLOII !Imieltt that he
could not interpose • if any WV investigati.in tflok
place, it ought to beLefore Mr. Justice Abbot, before
whom the. cue was first brought. He apprehended
that the Court of King's Bench woeld decide the
geestion of sanity upon adidavits. His Lordship,
however, consented to reed the original affidavits,
and state his final opinion on some Ware occasion..
There was nothing in the bankrupt petitions worth
detail ; the only case of interest was decided upon a
preliminary point, without entering upon the merits.

.)..t s,0010• -
Abut ou Tuesday, u the workmen
were about Mrleave off work, at the new Moose, in
Burlington-gardens, to go to dianercsovaral laborers
and bricklayers wart upon a scaffold, which, owing .
to some neglect on 'he part of the potions whoa? b .
siness it was to see it was properly secured, gave
way, and they were all.propipitated to the ground...-.
Several were vary teach braised; one poor fellow,
Francis Kelly, a labourer, who has a wife and four
small children, at 18, Peler.street, was carried to St.
George's Hospital, wittiest any hopes of recovery.
DETSAMINED ATTIMPT AT Stnctoe.--Monday
afternoon a soldier of the Fast London Militia, going
the Stratford.road, was alarmed at findiqg a
genteelly dressed, suspended by a silk bpd-
'chief
from r' - - inside the hedge, he
-- • .only that moment
otioutes recovered, sad
a was the wife of a
thanking him klr sat.
proceed with rill speed
soldier permitted her to depart es
-Site lobizeeded along
barse4 eat of sight,
I'4o soldier again
home to bet fsmi-
day., sod a ra

,ern felt at 19.4
morning ; an 4
chola of the
was Mooed by
•
esplosiosi.

. •
.::.sea. ' sie) - - ift.intAmilisprpiprimpimmitiarrgelmolm
.„•, 1...,...) ~. ~.... .....4 • A 4/.1""`, '441. ,rites 0 ..spillie.heof: ow/ ••• t . "... 2. .-
q'A ' '''' i• 1 Islllo.the !,tell A ol'lf/. e stir 9 '0" "ill
G,- DEAL, mom
..-f- i ratoarlte, ,--ss 'mg Ginnesimejtmn&lifs. 0 ' • Iresiirtlif Hs!
.1417174reserbsososi ei
• l'iror the Eastward ; and May Russel, Isles, for the sodeda4B iho mikairoltsef ig"• discover the mord."' .. its
,tlipailsa, . ...
rill: II- ilialeteabeet thuegConceabellte%4l44Nraltilatioth;Pr
t
Ricer—Remain the Barton, Forest, for St. Beim, of Mr. Peels.whe,
_ __l 1....... Crtsniah beantneirti. hod gossamer. • NO Fil. AiThesiklßDWM likakidlllon tale.. le
_

%MU, !IRMA' lust wuw...• ••••• --6,-- -----
•
es who eau Friday could not in any way be connected with the alga the Stratford-road, was alarmed
firy, our I enquiry about the murder. Ile was willing to give an female, genteelly deemed, suspended by
r here with account of himself from Saturday night to Sunday. kerchief from the bow 0 a tree. inside II
then', th•Y beyood that time he did not conceive he had a right Isnatediaiely cot her down ; lollies only
in summer to be questioned. hung herself, she iu a few mieutes ret
Mr. Peel to James Arnold was tint examined. U. deClared burst into tears; she *O4 she was th'
id—that is, that he had no knowledge of the trawkactien ;he tradesman at ilomerton, sod thanking
peaveys's slept at Winstead on Sunda night ; he ditl'not know lug her life. she, promised to proceed-n
"to London where his brother pissed Ike night_ • his brother as ea her family ; the. saidiew Pifiltittid her
1014,1•14 as- a wild iadtety them ands isoiihtbird4oking.—lle as this premise, but watcha.4 1111 c. rilbil ph
t, , as innocent as a new•bees child of the murder, the 'lves, te, ,till she shotight;herseit
M hoped his bream' was • 116 could prove he vra at and them ploagei tote, An teeter ; I'ste
Peaty mere- '4lffeotesevoil &Imlay sight •. - -•• .' 1 ••:c )1 asgsd bentlife, sod osodseted 110.f.1004
rill, between ' • bloc, 'she flitter, .said, lie bad fused on *ovary Ir. She had baaw0111,1".1 Ntreitiltni 41;
Ir. FRAMS, that lases Artudd moat islishod all *May ht;nig ward had been offered for her ver,olety.
p distance of but bethought it strinsillbattlionaaaArompid sh•eld , , Several shocks of as eaelquake wet
estagenist's set have heard OM repast et skiff/Ai lid Ww the 19th att., ewe 'even in the w
ly conveyed ' hie tootles* was Irse) Mpiscs..thato hi , *event *illations took place in the I
semis.
id M Moor sander wee earavaitaido faanaiiptipsta eta .13preaser. , This pbenoutenon was fel
MeN) ..Iri, 141'1 eskes, a colidMagiliAdloodftento .; y rain and gmt alistrWal Wiesen
4 -
441••• Vie. .:1-151.isd fo! 44 •k-estesaieNislillti*/ 15t0ti,..9 vied .11'sic tVii:• - 4. c. •'..- ': •
