.
,
k , •
....
gi.
• , . _ ~..„,, .. .....,
--,1,
yesterday, 'Melt flume
, I •
• • • ' - - -. • -•• • - .
some depression is the money market, that ti. cash '4l
A report w.us prevalent
. ... . . . . , . . . '
! OlP.FillmoismuliF..-IWsdilifr
Welliagton was on his return to this country. We he
• . THE STA , .
„MAN
r ANNIVERSARY OF THR SHIP OWNERS' ledge it was the inteutios and anion desire el r. dIOURBON WAR. •
- . I SOCIETY. . . ,
4 Lancing to be, preen tat this martisg,•esid it is onfloo We perceive that great hopes epchFreseticitoelisiesepateretbs.cisedou.
neve this rumour to be unfounded, and 0 yeah
from stone aaaaa gement' mad. by kis Grace tie
0:
• , --.101.- . . account of unavoidable circumstances, over which he
Ibabe
essevierederal sfen.ouTr choenastellowtoiararoi.s. that this war still not
• Yesterdmr. tintedy of the Ship Owsers' So- 1-had.ne cogeroul, that he has been obliged to pottponc
ciety wax eelebre seethe City of London Tavern. At 'his iateetion. I geed scarcely say bow gratifying it
elmut hilt pest six the Earl of Liverpool, President of wooed have been to him to be present on ibis occasion, would have us believe, that else Bougeone have nom- his receiving those despatches from home which :"L'-
i,st.ll more precise as to the fact that the Deke's r
e the Society, accompanied by Lord Melville, the Hon. and how sincerely be regrets the necessity. of his ab. pletely abandoned the project. We have looked very his further stay in Paris. Our infasmaolaa tiveiredl-.
'if;
St:ll4C4:olfrisomorPeatorisressillhaki: lisnoftthheeildraetece dated
eapi7ll.l4"tal festhe
I ' • P. Robinson, gad thaige-Presidents, emend' the room, mince. 'csaadrifivieltyhaivnetoalltise publicationscomiingttecroftnromFrpana:::
* - and nearly 2UO Gentlemen connected with the shipping " The health• of the Vies President, and the Mem-
, besides these, received a e
which, though dated a fortnight hack, we really look adjustment of the differences between Francs aid S sir
;interests of the COUNTY sat down to an excellent dinner- hers of the former Committee," were then gins. and
The company appeared to be a little at see with regard drunk with applause.
to
this
subject.
seeing.
hew
wubsy
tyre
and
tieli.h...a(d.vheueeunistresibtedu by all with the most marked a c*
to the religions ceremonials usually obseried at public Mr. F. hoitieloe gave-. Prosperity to the City of upon as better anthority, than any that any of our an- lie had had interviews separately with meet Jit •
dinners, for Nom ~obis Domino was actually called for London." . temporaries have possessed. with regard to news, n• French Ministers, amine whew. was N.
Nestle ,
it I.
before dinner, and the artists who usually officiate on Mr. Alderman liavooes, in returning thank. le satire
Kyvett Broadhurst,
these occasions, Messrs. Taylor, , merited the absence of his Worthy Colleague, Sir thanks.
terTdhsye meisueurcatobteit
Biro.roersams).altisonnertecreierredebrystithrerszitlsy,:e.
GO
ttse.
abet sharp and long claws the BM:RIMINI have, no-
fece were upon the point of common ng their (pectins, Curtis, a inn wbo was never absent on such 'sessions.
when it was discovered that they were upon a wrong if he could avoid it. i body will expect us to point out, evea in the most disease
. .
tack, The irregularity was detected in time to prevent The Cnetuoas next gave-t• Ships, Colonies, sad way, the source of our information. Suffice it to say, eoufnishigenlearisea:arsiitisolinteMnatosnwfsecitenreess, Tor is iategeepesbiail,tratati,s:
it from being drawn into a precedent at future dinners ; Commerce." . f a
that this information conies from one whom we town wit 'reeistwe-keds P•nleeterlY with linens atei
• the Anthem was sung in the usual manner, when the Mr. K. 11. !t/ARTIN proposed " the health of Mr, hews, personally known for more than rarefy yeses; thin like• g
g prime cost. There wish prolsahly, it .sari
.
• sloth Was removed, and was then received with applause, Marryatt," which was drunk with applause.
• which, we believe, is onuses]. The Chairman gave successively, "Success i whom is e know to be understandine in these mat. n the pitted, one be a consitierabledenessios here in the
The toasts of " the King," mol the " Royal Family," Sesmen'a Hospital", and the "Wvat India Schoolareod , tern; and on whose desire to give us true informs- value of cotton and lines goody easentatterel fer
were also received with applause.
Thefacvsletraeblme
Lord Mcivieee returned thanks as President of both ties ;we can firmly rely. . The opinion of this per- repetition, he demand for them appearier lot to be
ii sin Sm.:rich I Ademej;:taelithrhei n7tiAndlitfi.ANntoi
institutions. • The CHAIRMAN Mitt gave, "Lord Melville sad the those
•• sore he the time of writing, was decided in favour of the more
Navy." . The heaith of the " The Stewards" was next drunk,
eliebilities of war. He lay% that the altuatiow of contains a decree passed at Smithies) 01; nor 31 ef
l Lord Meevicue is returning thanks, declared, that sod Mr. fitrnears, in returning thanks, oliserved, that ,er
effected England, as to her debt, as to pier taxes, as to her is- month, by the Supreme Direct°. O'Higgins, Shertee
he had ever felt most warmly for the honour, the welfare, es the ohi-cts of the Institution could not be
the
.Ist of October last. Tine,.
and prosperity of the British • Navy. It they might witheuereeruitiog their fond, a sabscriptir4, weveld be ability to renew war, is perfectly well understood by the
wittelrlielaellahnedCht.octlanic,ilt.gosfiaSitiaeotet.fowtheztablalwir!etintogcusemerutz.
judge of the fetere by the past, there could be no doubt °prised Tor that purpose.
...4Fretach flovernment; and he fertile says (what we al-
i that the Officers and Sesame of that Navy would not be '.t he CHAIRMAN neat gave "The outwi.rd iglikneol.
e--e.• believed 10 bit the tate). tit" ' any mustrres tend* calbreie hdairveectsfotrhcaetfiralperaiso, base the Familial t
* t . found wanting in the hour of trial in the discharge or ward bound."
the dean which they owed to their country. He was - . ~..
Pc
The Chan in Said, that before they eeparate.l jot tng fo annoy Ragland, must enfeßibly be popular fur forage. ceminerce, sh.ll reeei -maim*. weniswies-
st
Valperaiest by thadmrami of the 20th of elepteseleu. isle
persuaded that the country might at all times rely upon would propese a toast which was peculiarly apprnpri- thesageont Preece. He says, that the Royalists, to a that the free starts which were allowed to be motet it
their hest exertions. Many of them had bled in their ate to that Meeting, " The wooden walls of Old • Eng- maw, wish for the invasion of Spain ;and that there
coloneispi•raeharliely itohbeerneenetie.
removed
tratilie,.......t.yr
awl
ow
eonntry's cause, and were ready, if necessary, to bleed lend:, . . architect very few persons of any considerable Wince
llii I amain. The maritime strength of this country was its This toast was drunk with applauee, and at 'Reif-past ,_ • se are te-
t
atime, hold, epos which we neast•maialy depend for the ten o'clock, the Esti of Liverpool left the eh*. The wit° are not Royalists. Ilit nye. that the late elle- millet- That 'foreign good., en being 140.1,4 bit
I L maintenance of that proud sltuatios which we held in company after separated.
times have demonstrated that the people are by so the coast, shall he considered in the sailor Veld
I ~.
rdingly lithle to Mt the dult . tr;
• Europe. He was confident. that as long as the British Mr. Croker was not present at this highly respectable moms eager for a change. lie ,represents France As if they were already carried isle the interior
Navy was elliciently toaintained, so long would England Meeting, for he .t.s. nnt invited. in a stateof greater prosperity than be ever knew i.e of the country, and nea
1
maintain the proud situation which Ale held among the •
nations of the world.-(Applause.)
The Earl of levearmoe next gave-" Prosperity to
the Shipping Interest, of this Empire."ld A tee.
DVS. UR.
£75. Dulslla • - 0 0
to proposing 0 Waterford 1 Holland - null
0 Hanibrot 2 • that until the roonselgaties of she sew law,all onset.
to he before; aboodant finances. without oppressive.* may retain on see as an
of „,,,_
odious taxes, and • degree of ease existing amongst y P nw" clog*, sea rely
emitted and re-ship as often as they please whinny!' isg
all goods and merchandise deposited to the sustnia.
the Farmers and other middle classes, such as no man, mere than once the transmit duty of 2 per eat !that
this toast, be saidehe could not forbear observing, that 0 G. & Jersey ~ 0 0 Franee ,-- II five and thirty years ago, could have hoped ever to
. 1 he considered the tibipping Interests of this Kingd 0 Lisbon I 1 Flanders. - • house or private warehouses at Vale/tease shall be C
0 witfiess.—Though the Bourbons have shown a dine- , . . . . . . - "'-
Acelestially connected with the Commerce of the Ens- it Gettenbare - 2 tt Rr.z I -- 0 . pleemy mama out bytes reast of Glmoose-glest two Is.
pire. The importance of the Shipping interests. how- ee--•
reuse
ie
• ever, might be enforced on still higher (rounds, for he L.:lamp. STOCK:4.9TIIIS
11.).71
sYsttcrit ON Et O'CLOCK. he says they have shown no disposition to shake the Valparaiso, who, is enter. with the Serener of teas
should ever consider the Shipping Interests as connected MI i
3 per CI. Ned.. -..-MIR Ditto Bonds ..3it:ii5..14...
that merchants who have geode deposited is the ono
title to property taken out of the grasp of the nobility place, shall see the new moieties, married ins. sant-
most materially with the security of the country. We 3 per Ce. Coos.-..... .shut I south sea •..,,.gentry during the revolution ; that no attempt beg
owed our security to our Navy and we owed our Navy al per Cs tillf ' Korth ties Old Ana 791 i bee e e tom-house of Valparaiso may transmit them to Nantes
is ma es, an thatevery one ts satis im la no attempt before the Ise of octilk" tied pay the duties mileta_thea to the Navigation system ander which this country had ;per cent, Oil 01 . 6,4.1ti11.5ta. ),_ ._. .. * 'f i that t
until the same date, all kinds of merchandise .tread!
1 So hot; doerished (applause). It had been supposed New Fours ,..shat 10001. ca. va as P. wig
.1s• made, to re-impose the detestable Garden
by sorhe that we owed our security to our insular sites- 3 per CI. 1797.. .....• ee--•—ieut. 4a. Ss as pin. .fl ceeAce. In short, his picture of the situation entered at Velpsre's . may he removed ,to Restiage.
tion. No doübt ctrl molar situation was a great ;even- Long Ann
Imp. s per Ct .. .. ....74 en. for fat..... ... 90Iiii ..,,,,, .. ,
re . tage, but every man who knew any thing of history,__,. dition theothe correapearding socket--that ail casein
I\ must kome. that this country, even with all its advantages Irish e per Grets. , , . letteryTiceets... . Mg. tee, 'num tia expected •; and as to the nem, inir
remaining in the custom.hoire, or is private earn
, of insular situation, did sot derive security from it, for . '- . correspondent weeders how say man is his seoseosen 'antes, at Veillarsionin the 200 s of Septet/abet. sashimi
no country lied ever been inn exposed to successful in- Vitt *tattOnterfitt• think it poseilde that it should be wanting in aleacirmint being dispose' -.fobs& be re.slepped. •..
. .
'mien. • Our Navy and our security were coeval with to those wlie pay it, feed it, and eloath it wit/4: Letters were en Friday. the Sth bate receird here
. alit Navigation System, and it was by promoting the "vas nettrthat efferitanek" Is ttscoltPoisTSD WITH
, p from themorteogtilatacetho. in the preview of Veate
a Shippieg Interest, not according to every fanciful pre-
*..* eel' vas Of itetwee." gaffer it to bully a little into the erittain. Our.
nude, whiclegive # most terrific *ocean of tbelvetiire•
I ' ' , j odic. that might exist In the minds of speculative them
• lid fever now raging is timepiece. A mai, lidoseieg
rists, hut by ajest application, according to time mid , . ,
. LONIYON: .
- .ose caring any more shout M r.Canni lag's dispatcheithei in sho crew elf a . vassaiodato tsar ta the
rpm
! 1 circumstances, of the principles opoo which Our Nevi-
Ent DAY struts.,' =mum 13, 1822. - they cars for his articles in the IMW,Olielker. . happened onto taseisieseinssi wig .tkis Minnie
Irwin System was founded, that we ahead n01411.10_....-.......---, ,a- ea - ' . coatsgton, whisk •ittermatly. emptied then* the ship
1 1 • Ilse severity, tweeter, and happiness of the country • -en--
It appears that very extesine muldeley cost/y.OOW with sech devastetinetheeweely WOO illaillet camped.
l . (epplasen) Sence ENCHANOZ, DEC. 13TH, 000109041; TIMM" .
0 • a ire 'temente anent in several of the Other vessels. had .likellellfeellid !Mein
tie• ael pto kW* .Oreneweely elt
.. . .
Mr. Became prepeend "The health of the Earl of o•ceoce.-The Market opened this useeiteg at soli. be it. d ..,... dk. 1 silo' :44; • —.164.147:, .aities an gems! degrmaose(isinegeolloAdeseAser.)
It i °.,, Liverpool. President of tin Society." y warewere, ell lova fit SO COSitiowwr,...
the temeneot it was ,known that three eemenees had ar- We he
eir
taieeetion to as aavasaiwe system iit litind ' h might beetilitiked thir eterethsheripiew for
i 4 !'t The Cnelswerr ia retersing thanks. observed. that ►rived frost Poi& wit/s atcoatsts of an iasiktiveraant is .- •te '-r.-
i! I the of bas placed-at the head a that sweet? the P'renth Fend., which were 119; 20, cents.* • eepeediture, when the chonnsta. . Den of the natitni.p.---ee-----.--• -Oi; ,sit4este•es loserlajorthee repent die *yea.g of alrper• "Itioaari
•044 t".
1! 1 siat•ieurs,..aleikbesyti allse knew,et teltriasoit
Justine edisiagnhiLesititestraptieltstedrz ggi i Neopolitoo. 77 to i
_oar eionrogoteie to;j. I/. anti a ad ,$.ll. .08eatevtimooperaetty
wathitchtme;sst is well
taut a known.
tiwty .
.;
tkmenoeu.fteishieeleingisly.erikrteime Sep. tea $.s wee IA -
I the bagel reypect which be felt towards the Shippiag good des' -` business was donee Tliii4Petiok reels do ~
.•
Wog to be done...egenve the Wadley_ Ilse_ Htaleetaseata 11l filed 6 'le r "'ll le 4.lr*- •
''''- interests of eke cannery, and from other considerations wet contain much of importanie; bat the private letters 1 em(Conneinetinised.). • • • . - ...
Retreatelwiseet of the militia adhere: 'lnd elm.
....,
I 1 . ,, ' Pe it .
of a pee...teal snore, which could not but be i ee sinner lio
tratifliwil continue to be pacific. The Deka of Welliegtps is 'amid - r Aoolod OW *PO Cot*. * Ming M
'qtly eking that can eveataelly save is the same. be printed at the seat of the °reek 4 re, seder
est . t totris feeling*. • . to be upon the moat intimate terms with Me French Ma-
e Mr. ROWCROFT proposed " The health of the Right . priaciple a Kenowny. A Kieg who should • ise, the slittragalittitle of " The •Fresseiref reseredeee
•jolty, who, it Is stated, has yxpr Ad his most eseion, . .
' 1 • I
' Mr. F. ROISINION said he felt extremely grateful for desire to maintain peace in his old age. Ile cannot.beve • • •
lavish away one thousand posed* where one heodied
• ler -As Irish of Nature."' We are 'afraid 'that thews's.
, psysill tee much correspond with the tith., and thst
i I - -1
the honer which had been just conferred upon him. a particular' desire to see the Rosins loran in his ter. would answer the purpose. is eed the true' .4%44. li
• we thrill led mores( need than textile this Hellenic
I I Ile hoped theywould allow him to say, that having en- ritory, which mast be the event if he goes to nit with his people us he is always supposed Ags be' 11l is MS' Getheatee
liki ..•
teeed upon the discharge of his official duties with the
, full knowledge that every step he wound be under ••''6
the eye of those whose interest it was to watch the pre. i The range the Austrian Mst• ilis f Hine 3on Reform is Parliament which will li• .the Cositery •s' On the arrival of Lord Liverpool M the city of Len-
" n*
- - of
* • --;
-**
s -'
*6
v-
a -" r. service, if it does not root out abuses, of which a don taeorn-penteriloyevermiegs where he to Ilse Chei t.
Anent-00SO. i__ __as-
cent. was Owing to some financial i i f hat A
li j • !t.
L . pricey ofbit measures, and who were perfectly eompe- irises Government. lavieb public
_expenditure is one of the great est.-The for the Grit Hone as Prestatelet of the HntlytyvflihiP•
, _• • t • ,e• ~ . , to
_____
_k_ owners, he- was inverhiged to the Vimeikesidests and
•
i 1 , teat 14 judge of their propriety, he received the toast
which bed been just given as a most gratifying '
irony of their kind consideration Long before it wet FoacioN FUNOS.-The rise in all Foreign Securities
Paris shove g, in has made the market bill this.utornin object °' "" '6 "flmmel3` 'a remote •"Sest the committee is that private room. ehrat the list of
and to abet the door. is father, against the encroach. toasts, which • had bees previously aermeged. were sub
teen of new abuses. And it is the only meant. of milted to his Lordthip. With the reception of one.
his lotto he oMeially contented with the navigation and and some business was doing, Pittilliftlar ;Y. is New
k . •rdship'. approhatisa,: That to
commerce of Gil. country, be wasdeeply impressed with Spanish Bonds. , - effecting the morose. Bat a redaction of Rependi- they met *ilk., la lle°
winch be Old awl declined giving wale-tin An tapes
•
‘— 1 . ' the tenth of those opicions which his Noble Friend near chili. eee_wee Spanish, baii-old. gn-ygew preeslep., atte is to bu given ti an. swarmed people, if there
time mid°. in West tedie Dock,
at the
expiration
him lead so elierently expended, when he represented 831-01 d, nAI-Rases, 84-.Donisb. LW-Neapolitan, 771 be any honesty or work% he the adroinistrifint.
h. t , the navigation system of England as essentially centre to O-Coloinbiase7B-Pererias,79-Speuith Strip, fli to W. .f the cherter.". From this various rOnclesions will no
eved before the great questios of Perkasie/Inm .doubt be draws. One party will consider it as iedicati so
I
basin to establish her security, to exalt her glory, and What, tug; • favourable frilliest towards the mostypely; while
___---ege.---
can be fairly agitatedWbat,
contra her permanent prosperity.-(Applause.)-No The French papers of Tuesday announce the arrive! Rim -- mf
IMO ellehl recollect fur a moment the unparalleled tri• of the Duke of Wellington in Paris on Monday last. and -s • trematurely• proseismiteg an opithua on the subject--
' 0 be thonght of men vrho, taking an. soother may think his L'lrdaiiii merely `rish'd 16 "Silt
r. ' *mph' Oslo British navy durime the recent war, a war
private letters amid t' t hie there would remain some especial advantage of the remainder of the term of cur- eheeettir ',vim%)
' : •li of onsampted exertion, of unexampled duration, and,
i. .
if 110 were not alluding to the British navy, he might .
ime in the French capital to confer with the King and rookie and abuses, add to the piddle expenditure tin. A &heal of Atte, en the model of the out is gas_
mime some, which are us more needed than a fifth burgh, has been established iu elostrose.
i
i ' ... say of neexempled vicissittidee, without feeling how es. his Minister., and endeavour to impress, upon them the
.sessielly its success was promoted by the exertions, the injustice and danger of invading Spain. It is perhaps wheel tothe oya sa e carriage. Carlton ease
in been eneledod, Colonel King Moaned a tut, Nile
H is Sun gsterlOW.-Thebtflinessat the hastiegs hee-
l. ••' . l spirit. and the loyalty of .the great and respectable hod it, or some rot or other • and
said to have the dry rot in
It I•t t
V the expectation of his (trace's presence end co-operation' decorated ear, aid was draws through the principal
11..:i . . whose representatives be had now the honour to address.
that has contributed to give the presedeepperent pre-llis was enfident that the living witn of what that
„. , .Buckiogliein House is fitting op for the ding's occa- of the tows. - e wish we could stop herr, tat
streets We
Mona: residence. The Cottage in Windsor Park is also we are sorry to sin, medley competes* to state, that at
fished a real number of isl;..low by tin i steers
t, I` d Windsor •slade is to undergo a variety of g 1. if sing spirit bed effected, would emulate the glorious example. Pooderance to that part of the 1.-tench a s lint try who are
What ear forefathers had does aught Ins regarded as an disposed to peace, anti so predan that pacific tone which
loilintion of what their successors would achieve, and has,for a few days,prevailed in the Paris communications- an
to be kept up, though g . Ity to be deserted, night a twat:leas rabble pare led the town, and game-
.
*DJ other missiles Millers. At ao advanced hoar the
might tnscsudt to posterity the assurance, that if in , repairs, alterations, anti ornament. We hare not room at
fee Moniteur seems cow to have•decidedly assumed the military were called coot, acd order was in some degree
titan to come. similar emergencies should arise, asd si- • le of present to go into all parts of this system of expellee. „etorese-(oego je,„„e)
miler exertion be called for, they would find the shi ly copied the rue
latter character. It has sot 'en .
a bet we believe we have said enough to prove that lane Meoiseneer.-Of the person eripenediel is
ping interest of future days animated by the same noble the Journal des Debate, as we Meted yesterday, but .
4 point. conferring the same inestimable.hencfits, and en- has rejected tot attack made upon that article .by the it ouget to be abandoned or at least impended. . this county we armee the names of 24, who nee Ab-
seaters, and in mane cases totally unconsected with the
. titled to the same steroid gratitude.-(Applause.) FAN& ' Forthis conduct it has been loaded *it% abuse et. •
Fi ; Mr. M•IMITATT, in rising to propose the Seat toast, lb misters it is ram look forward with Innen anxiety coon
enegratelated he Society and the Country os else sos- s
by the Ultra. who now openly !now that a division ex• fur the gravel of the next dispatches from Madrid, and county, or occasiomille so, we suppress for the_presem :
e 1 , . •
piens, rosette of the laborious ievestigatiun in which 'stain the Labinet, ' • anti call for hostilities on the totally mesas have bee. taken to expedite the communication -The Earl of Cavan, Heron HowdeneTlionlas Relit 'go-
lf : : ! his Majesty's Ministers bad been engaged, with a view haw ground that ot if F dues ousesalieswaes,,Spaio between tint capital and Lando". Esq , Hon..and Rev. Percy Jocelyn.Thomes edgier:Owl.
Ms Rev. George Monsell, Clerk, Bev. R. Ethos, 0, D..;
•to the reeieloreof every part of on Coseesenial. tie.. will declare tee The eetteeornee hem tirogessege,..„4 Me. rani lee sewn en Weeneday meriting, in ._
~ A • tem. The intercourse between this country soil the - travelling carriage, to attend thetehioet Council, held Major General George Motive,. Calomel' Jews Delia.,
L.,. .
States of South America bad been leteiCanted. Tess. the adjoining Spanish provinces ha goirneorta,nteeana. et Brigitte° that afternoon, and returned to London Hon.°. C. Staptlton, Ale:ender Nairn, Req., laird
'. , . States had sow happily emancipated themselves from moreover contradictory. One Journal, for instance. yesterday morning. It ea. expected •that the Right W, Readmit, Wm. Murray, Thomas Mabee. T. Whyte.
I:, the tesenny and oppression to which they had been.
subjected-they had emerged from darkens into light- e___. I
describes the insurgent Chief, D'Ecoles, as' rallying his Honourable Gentleman would again start for the Peva. Henry Verelst, , M (layering, John Caumbell.J. Piglet.
Rev. W. )1. Cole,
in readiness yesterday hector 11•Qoairee, Enloe Hon. and
of Mins, whilst another sweet se ion last night,. as. every thing was
.
. . il ' . i .
• hoer abject slavery to freedom and intlependenee. It emeeiets, in the rear
evening fur his immediate departure from town. Joseph IValker, Win. I.l.Swaot aid dope Ben, Ellirs.-,
' I 0
• . a t •Isis arrival at Toulouse.'• The
we mentioned yesterday,
Bayonne papers to the 4th inst. arrived yesterday.- (Armagh ridensteer.) ,
..1 , . .. was tothe now world that we must look for ioderanifi-
yeti°, against the errors of th„hi. By formetaing accounts trout eledrill describe that capital as perfectly They aescliise the wretched - state of the " Army of the Extract of a letter date(' Boston (U. S.) Nov. 9, ISt..!
new marts for the sale of Brititb neanufaetures; a fresh transmit. There appears nothing to justify a belief in Faith"-lo if nakedoliacontented, and in despair at not re, rived by a respectable wa,erantlla-hnage at Binning
. ,
• i Laird., mead be, given to our domestic commune, oar t what is stated in some of the French ripen, that the seeing the French troops, which their Officers assured haul :-" The argument. of the English papers ageins
,• • i
orricadtlue *mid share in the henellr"erivst fun* '°' and Iris family are under any undue restreitit.- tbenewouldFnter Spain on the Ist inst. These papers the United States becoming a manufacterieg nation
,
1 . crease of wealth. so that all Onset; of tire consroinity „,,, King . state that an energe ; R t.O Remonstrance had been addressee
create a smile wheo I reed them il-• The Americans
ere is no news in the Paris. Journals respecting
' t
• tion Nothiug certain woo yet known es to the re- Greece, but the Brussels papers bring the satisfactory rats, to deumod from France that she shall not, after
ga .high, there is too much lard to cultivate, hr. fece Now
nit of the deliberations at Verona, huts from what had intelligence that Napoli di ite"smnis, the strongest and affording ?lecher to the rebels, give them new means to the fart is. that the Journalists know enbieg about the
• t transpired he thought they might fairly assume. that cater Spain and commit their inareitdings.
. • most important port in the Mores, had at hwt fallen intoU. S.; manufacturing's en ..... ing in a ratio never ow-
' . e British feelings and British principles had predominated
the hands of' the Greeks, with, it is said, a Very large • , ne of co„ith.r •
The fullowing private letter of Tuesday mentions a passed in England ip hen Lest days-herdly'a day posts
t able ti. oftener. lout does oat • ever the principles and feelings of more arbitrary states. ;Iran eels a P .without some new article being added to the list of teas
' 1
"ii-*'(
. If by the jodlcions development of those principles at quentity of artillery. The ioteliigebee is cosounini- give sny explanation of the cause of it :- . eufacteres even in the hardware line. Within le or 15
•
I . the thosgress his Majesty s Ministers bad secured the eater' in the folio,. ing teems :-Corfn, Nov. 10.-Fri. ss Palen, Dec. 10, Fire o'CLocx. -.ln extraordinary years we shall not only supply ourselves with cotton
I' $ t peace of the world, they had a right to expect not rate letters confirm the taking of Napoli di Romania by courier has brought the news of the Austrian Footle hay end treadles goods, hat export mere than we cow is •
, • merely the applause and gratitude of this country, but the Greeks ; they eat, red it on the i:t of Novemlwr, ing fallen 3 per cent. I s has not produced any effect port, if there 'are markets open to receive them-be
, .
e of inasklnd at large. He concluded lay proposing-w and found 600 piece's of cannon in that fortress. The here, because it its from France•that the eiecision epee now supply ourselyes.witbohnoeteeeresrticee of leerier,
' o The health of Mr. Castling and the rest of his Ms. Totes had their lives spared, thongh they broke the war or Twat* mast Pressrvd• However, it appears that paper, won, sad glass, most hinds of agrkeitoral and
(, . ii Jetty's Milliliters. and long may they continue to be the capitnlation-which they hurl concluded a month before. the Anstrisuk expereee'sver. The President of Ilse senhavieal tools, bats of all kinds, powder, lead. and
t
if . , le sad commercial interests of The preceding d-sy Smile vessels laden with provisions Coursed had.* long audience of the King today, and he shot principally, and very soon with all the copper
I' . .
...,
. , thie minte. appeared before the place, hut cottld not enter on se- •fterwards immediately stituutoued &Cabinet Council."- wanted. Very rangy goods of copper sod brass are ruddy,
.i , - 'rho Band *of LIVICIP"L. in th. name of those of his cutlet of the opposition made by the Greek*. ((Wavier ) . hatters in large meastitire, paints geftsrally, and ma.
/ ft) . i ; Majesty's Ministers who were alialibt,lSS well as of those •
Faefteti Fumes, Dee. lie -hove per Cents. opened at Leiters from I , einkirk say that or.l h
-ert bare been ;Worry for ell our manufactou fns. Osir cotton goods ate
1 i 'who were present, begged to return kit sincere thanks see 2.5 c,,, highest, SSt. ,15c.: . low.l at SM. 30e.-flank ;
germ to tani•areillery and attnnuntioron, and warlike superior to the imported, which ea, be strorded at 0 e
4.1 I 1 '*,
for the boner whleh had been conferred upon therm- Stock, 16!0f.-Neapolitan Five per t:ents. 7;1.--Ks- stores of ewer description, on bean! several xersele in some ricer. We be„ ceameßeed the priming of cot.
.. . .. , . .
r
‘
.• .
~' '•1 .
. , ,
• .
- • I rise, ceadoged the Nohhe Lord, more periocularly for chance eu Lenin, true mouth, 23f. 30c.; three months, that port : the Miele is neatill.sithr Lisionee.--(Erateeeer teas t end
the purpose of amorieg you, that to my certain lately. 25f, 15c. • • • • .F•Per.)
• • there seems to le great activity in mous
Lacewing geserally."
I .•
t
.
' .
•
.....„ -I. ......2.0.1.0.- , A . _
' itit '•• • . - • _ _ ..
. . . - - .- ........_ ~
,
_ • • . .
