Rostrion. It seems thou, as if seats there were

granted, is a mask of rank, to denote the degree o
general consideration enjoyed by individuals, rather
than their particular utility. Now, where shell
Ibis principle of selection stop, when it comes to
be fully understood in the higher departmems of
office?
Mr. Boners, the Gentleman selected as Secretary
to the Society for the Suppression of Mendicity, was
last week presented with an elegant piece of plate
for his exertions in a similar situation in the parish
.ow.ng the inscription :
where be-resides. The
" elerkenwell Sohscription for the Relief of the Labouring
and Manufacturing Poor during the winter of 1816-17. Pre-
sented by the Subscriber to Mr. W. H, Roams. in testimony
of the high sense they entertain of the ability, perseverance, and
fotegritv evinced by him as their Secretary. from a desire to re-
cord thine feelings which his eiindoet in that situation has ex
Cited. and to perpetuate the grateful recollection in which the
superior qualities of his head and heart are held by the 8.943 in_
who during a period of unexampled distress unit dif.
Seul'y were so eminently benefited by his raeritorious and disin-
terested exertions."
DRURY-LANE.—Last night the Oratorios corn-
menced at this Theatre, with a selection from the
most favourite pieces of IlAsoec's sacred Oratorio
of The Messiah, with Beurtroves's justly•celebrated
Oratorio of The Mount of Olives, and a Miscella-
neous Act. The arrangements for the Oratorios this
season differ but little from those of the preceding
one—they are directed by Sir GEORGE SDI ART (who
eneduets et the origin). The leader is Mr. H. SMART,
and the choruses are conducted by Mr. PRICE. The
young Gentlemen of his Majesty's Chapel Royal, St.
Paul's Cathedral. and Westminster Abbey, also as.
Inst. :Tbe 'principal vocal performers are Mrs. SAL-
Ma; KW GOODALL, and Miss Coate' (from the
Opera-house,- and her first appearance in an English
Theatre); Mr. ilaAnait, Mr. BELLAMY, Mr. TER.
DAIL, Mr. HAWICS, :Masters HAWES and WINTLS.
The Chapel Royal, St James's Palace, will open
to-morrow for Divine Service, after having been shut
sip for six mouths (o be repaired and beautified.
Earl GREY is expected in town nest week, from
• his seat, Howirk. Northumberland.
DEAL, JAN. 30.—Arrived and sailed for the River,
the Elizabeth, Culling, from Berhice ; Lavinia, Pais-
ley, from ditto; Wellington, Genet's, from Leghorn;
and the King George, King, with passenger', from
Calais.—Came down from the River, the Messenger,
Chase, for St.Thornas's.— Put back by adverse winds,
the Constantine, —, for Hayti; Erin, Hussey, for
New York ; Barbadoes packet, Balaton, for Barba.
does; the latter with the loss' of anchors and cables;
and remain in the Downs with the rest of the out-
ward-bound, all well.
PENZANCE, JAN. 2R.—The following vessels were
Spoken on the 26th inst. by one of our pilot-boats,
viz, the Lively, Aid, —; and a brig,
Wane unknown, (tom St. Micboersbound to London.

EDITOR dr re; STATESMAN.

Sta,—We all affect to deplore the evils that have be.'
fallen our unlucky country; bat I think if all those who
have the right and privilege of Electors,woold sit down
ten minetes and deliberately consider in what degree
they themselves have been the instruments of its mis-
fortunes, they meat generally come to one conclusion.
Have they, io former times, when called on to vote,
for one who has styled himself • Candidate fer their
favour:, consulted conscience or self.interest ? Have
they ever thought it worth while to enquire into the,
characters of Candidates, further than simply as to
which of them set the greatest pecuniary value on
their votes ? Has not, in fact, the favourite on such
occasions usually been the highest bidder I believe,
for the majority of Electors throughout the kingdom,
one answer will be sufficient ! What folly is it, when
men have sold their votes at an Election, to suppose
that they have not sold themselves—their families
—their comforts—their rights—nay their future
destinies, and the destiny of the nation. They
make themselves by such base and ignominious
conduct the slaves of the worst of masters, sod he
only is the free man, who, at the expence of their
dearest rights and pr'vuleges, ply, his way to
Parliament. It is implis.ible, having once commit.
ted so fatal an error, to separate themselves from its
consequences—they are doomed to find that 64 the
wages of sin is death"—death to their happiness, to
their freedom and prosperity. In the common affairs
of life men expect that the money with which they
purchase, gives them absolute power ever what they
have purchased—thus, he who buys lend tills it for i
his own advantage—he who bays negro-slaves exacts
from them the services of their whole lives—he who,
buys horses rides at his pleasure, and if lie occasion-- ,
ally rides hard, it is no more than he is entitled to
do. Is it then a matter of wonder that a man Kiln,
in order to obtain a seat in Paelisment, boys up the
votes of his venal countrymen, should, when his Elec.
(ion is fairly purchased, think himself freed (roman
further obligations to these Electors ?
I despair of being a spectator of better times and,
better scenes, until the public mind shall hive become
more enlightened with respect to political duties°.
A People, whosecharscier is both venal and depraved,
can never be supposed to be capable of choosing a
free and independent Parliament to represent them,
and watch over the public interests. He might as
well expect the Devil to he attended by the purer
intelligences of the celestial world— or the savages of
an American forest to leave their sickly haunts for
the refinements of London and Paris.

If the People themselves will not set an rumple of
purity and independence, despise the briber!, that
alone can chain them to the footstool of oppression,
shake off thatabject and crouching turpitude of mind
that holds them prostrate before the would-be•great,,
■nd assert. and demand, arid exercise in spite of every
threat, and every inducement to the contrary, their
rights as men, and as rational creatures, I can assure
them, they will continue, and they will deserve to
continue, to drink deepor and deeper of that biter
cup of sorrow and Aliction, of which, if a Parlia.
meat so constituted'arul chosen as the present, is
chosen again, they will find they have as yet only
tasted: let them be true to thenitelves! Oh, if I
could but borrow the voice of the thunder or the
whirlwind, I would tell my countrymen, in accents
that should ring in their ears to their last moment,
that domestic tyranny has.heen the cause of all our
misfortunes; sod that they have been the authors and
creators of that accursed t) pinny, by their own cor.
rapt and depraved conduct at Elections. There are
I souse whom no considerations will move, whom no
danger will arouse; their's is the dream of stupidity,
I the sleep of unchanging and unalterable ignorance;
for such I have not a word to spare. I had rather
they " should sleep on new, and take their rest."
It would he a pity to deprive the jaws of destruction
of the victims they have so long been extended to
devour; but to such as have nothing at stake in the
present system, nho are neither Fundholders, nor
Pensioners, nor Parsons, who are interested alone
in the welfare and fate of the country—who are nei-
ther corrupted by Whigiam or Toryism, or any such
ism—who have preserved the purity and upright cress of
their minds, and who really deserve the appellation
that tyrants, for the better effecting• of their own
private ends, have not scrupled to bestow on a nation
of slaves. To Freemen I address the following es.

tract, and 4 4 he that hath an ear to hear, let bias
bear," be that hath an e)e to read let him read :
Asto the Election of Members of l'ailiament„ it
it enacted, that Candidates shell not make any pre-
seats of money to, or treat Electors after, the test,
of the writ of the summon', or issuing out the writs
for elections, or after any seat of a Member of Por-
liatnent becomes ♦acant i in ease they do, for this
bribery they are declared incapable to serve as Nene-
bers."-7. W. 1 ff. c. 4. So much for the Candidates
for the favours of Freemen!
" And farther, an oath is to be taken by Electors,
that they have not either received or had any money,
gift, reward, or any office, place, employment, or
even promise of money, gift, reward, &c. to them
or their use, to give their votes: and in these cases
if they ask, take, or contract for money or reward
either by gift, or other device, to give or refuse their
votes, for any one ; or if persons by gift corruptly
procure any Elector to.give his vote, they shall for-
feit 5001. and be totally disabled to vote at any Elec-
tion of Members of Parliament,7as also to hold any

1

--

T

office of franchise, &c. Likewise
pollens to vote, sithoat their taking the afore.mon,
tinned oath in case the same be demanded, incur a
forfeiture of 1 ; and en oath is tu..be administered
to all the Returoing 01fieersohat they -have not re-
ceived any money, gift; me place, &c. for the snak-
ing their returns ;" 2 Geo, 11. c. 24, •lso 9 Geo.
c. 38. So much for Freemen who Oohfer their
favours on Candidatei; who east their pearls before
swine, and then complete tbsAlaey turn epon them and
send them. • ' -* •
Were our ancestors, think Mr. Eorrop;
than us I h there nothing, think you, to be learnt by
studying their conduct—their virtues—their prin-
ciples. May we not rather sertlai ad ens compard-
ntur nihil lupus. Yours &c.
, Janitor) 24, 191 Y. A. N. D.

EXPENDITURE AND STATE or PUBLIC

CREDIT » FRANCE.

Count Lanjoinala, Peer of France, has
.just pub.
lished • new pamphlet, entitled Of the Expenditure
and the Income of the Slate fur. the year 1818, and
of Public Credit. This pamphlet is recommended
by those pure intentions and useful _views which
swirl from a iirofound fvelltig of the wants of
France. :" We should ill (says the author) consult
our own interests amid the calamities with which we
are afflicted, by only searching for the origin and
authoes of them,.by describing the parties concerned,
praising some individuals, and painting the rest of
the citizens under odious colours. Both pallet have
their merits, their virtues, and their glory; rued both
!sorties have committer! errors, entre wrongs, and
crimes. During the most odious scenes of our late re.
volutions, each side has furnished actors who ip ;toted,
escited, hired, or fomented public disturbances, or
who calculated upori, and consented to, that which
' others executed. Thus we have all to claim mu•
tual ;Ardor' ; and forgiveness will be the more miss,
as on a general calculation there have neither been
among us victors or vanquished. •We have visaed
amnesties in turn upon each oilier. Let 04, there-
fore, allow disquieting recollections to be eatin•
guisided. Our safety requires from us union and
oblivion. This onion and oblivion cannot 'privy;
but from the fidelity of us all to that social compact
civets for universal reconciliation. Thus all the lists
of proscription direct or construt•rire, all uncutastitu.
lions! exclusions, all niesaures dictated by re-action
or by far, in a word, all anti•lacts ought to he
abolished. We ought, in fine, to enjoy the benefits
of the Charter,• and the precious developmerts which
are calculated to place it in fall activity. To ad.
yourn the reign of our fundamental laws is to accuse
and to violate them, to drive the citizens to distrust,
to endanger the internal tranquillity, and to stifle
public and private credit. We sell our renter pas-
ti=es for half their value; we are exhausted by the
results of our negneistion ; credit has not revived.—
Our situation condems us for some years' to come
to the continual and simultaneous employment of
three remedial which may become fatal, namely,
excessive taxation, enormous and onerous Loans,
and a Sinking Lund, which is no palliative,
eacept dining the siegotiltion of a Loan.
.Our pretended credit has not preveuted the charges.
•-of negotiation in 1817 from amounting to near
23.()00,000. Let us frankly avow that we possess
credit only in the germ. That it may vegetate with
force, and produce its salutary fruit., we must wait
for our political emancipation by the departure of
foreign armies, by the definitive and moderate settle.
ment of the claims of foreigners no France, and of
those of Frenchmen in a foreign country. We must
wait for the substitution of national troops for the
Swiss regiments ; and a law, or act article of.la dr, re.
garding the passage and the employment of foreign
troops on our territory ; elections less *interfered
with by the Ministers; Representatives chosen by le-
gitimate electors; the law promised for four years on
the responsibility of Ministers and their 'gents; Trial
by Jury for misdemeanours, as well as crimes con-
nected with the abuses of the priers ; the abolition of
the monopoly and slavery of the Journal.; a law on
the organization and jurisdiction of the local au-
thorities, fixing strong harriers against the arbitrary
conduct of the Prefects; the return of impartial and
constitutional justice; the rectal of those who were
banished by the measures of the two Chambers ; the
revision of excessive and unmerited pensions; and
the liquidation and payment of legitimate pensions
'refused or suspended ; the reduction of eztravagant,
and the retrenchment of uttoece•stry erpeaditure;
and the return to the Public Treasury of all the
iSuills raised in its name, but turned into different
!channels."

The following is the manner in whirh M. de Chs.
teauhristid expressed himself regarding the race of his
friend the Duke of Fozjirne3, in the Chanlher of
Peer., when thscusting the Law on the Liberty of 1b
Press :

•• Itie are so for from this state of things (I.i.:erty
of the Press and of public speaking),_ that fri at-
tempt is made even to enslave opinion in the itttPrior
of the two Chambers. Whoever has the misfortune
of finding himself placed in the minority, is obliged,
in ascending the tribune, to ask himself if he ha; still
any thing to lose, or if he has beforehand made all
hi; sacrifices. Lt is not without profound sorrow
that I see political intolerance consolidating from
day w day. I did not complain of it while I alone
was its victim : I freely acknowledge that my ser-
vices are nothing, and that no attention is due to me;
but when I see the most worthy and most estimable
servants of the King undergoing hard•ittps for no
other reason thou basing impressed their opinion;
with frankness, I cannot but ho adlicted. Under
what Government do we then live, if a Peer of
France, if a Deputy cannot say what he thinks ad•
vantageous to the State without being persecuted as
au enemy i"

Lard HAMILTON, the only son of the Tate Marquis.
of Asettcons, died some years ago, leaving an intent
son, who is new alive, and wire of course succeed• to
the estates and honours of his Grandfather. Besides
the Scots estates in the neighbourhood of Edinburgh;
the ARNRCORN property in Ireland is very esten.ive.
Lady HAMILTON is now married to the Eirl of
AsERDEEN, and is his second wife. Her •Lsrlyship
hat also had the good fortune to prodace a sets and
heir to that Nuble Family.

z

A. eery numerous and highly respectable tompany
assembled at the Freemasons' Tavern, to celebrate
the Aneiversary of this Institution. 13y six o'clock
the tables were all filled+ and at half past six the
Duke of York entered, followed by several Lords
and Gentlemen, among whom were Lords Holland,
Petersham, end Essex, Mr. G renfelli M. P., Sir John
s)lvester,Messii. Harris and Colman.
The usual toasts and songs were giten.
Lord .11om.asno now rose and said, be was sere
the Gentlemen present would excuse bim for inter=
fering, for a few. .minutes, with their conviviality,
when they learned ,the reaseo which indueed him to
rise. His object yes, to propose to the respectable
body then assembled, in the shape of a toast, a
health. whith• would enable them to express those
feelings, which, it was easy to be perceived, beat
high in the_heart of every Gentleman present. The
toast he was about to propose could not be put
from the Chair. It it could, he should have beets
Went on this occasion. His object in rising was,
to propose she health of the Illustrious Individual
who filled. the chair—and, he was sure, that this
was the most tompendinus way of expressiog his
own pleasure at geeing theßuyal Duke in the Chair,
at the samMe-ihat it..4gas the easiest mode of giv-
ing to otberi,an oppostanity of expressing their taw
tisfaction ms so auspicious -an event. Many motives
must induce the Geistlemen present to rejoice, W 144041
they self the • Chair tuns filled—hut he would sot
dwell upon theme because the individual to whom
they related wis present. The 'salted rank—the
character—the well.known virtues of their
Royal Chairman—were topics highly worthy of at-

(Pinion ; but he was sure, that he would offend the
delicacy of that Illustrious Personage, if he touch-
ed upon them—and, actuated by that feeling, he
should abstain. It was, however, a satisfaction to
frit!, that his Royal Highness was so f i r recovered front
hislate accident as to be able to attend on the pre-
ser.t day.—(Apeayse.)—To those who were ac-
quainted with his Royal Highness tiF, he had the
honour to he, it could not be a matterof surprise, that
on accident, which deprived his Royal Highness of his
tivual amu.ements.—of his customary recreations--
was nor buflicient, although severe, to prevent him
from startling forward us the nrlvocate of twice.
blessed Charity !-L(.41/tta:r.sc.)—fie should now be 4
leave to say a few, and a very few words, on the
Institution, which-the present Assetnbly were called
en to ',ippon—and on that body of men, at whose
requeit, on this occasion, so briportant to them, his
Royal Highness had been pleased to take the Chair.
With respect to this Institution, es far as its origin
was conterned; his Lordship could say very little—
but, with its general object and scope he was well
acquainted-arid all those who heard hint, were,
he believed, equl!ly well acquainted with them. and
approved of them- ae much as lie did. Ills Lord-
ship's knoWledge of the Persons professional:), con-
nected •ssith the star, arose from accident. Two
intlividuali; Int* departetl,-4fid the memory of both
of whore he cherieed, and•vever should cherish,
nest his heutl_orys,ssioned his acquaintance with
thus, body, foi the heipless• membv.),.tjf.-vshich the
iriesein Fuud was intended. One. of those
deals, die; latreptt. Sheridin —who was an ores..
merit of•thh Disima—who was its ornament if tbs
Senate— whn was an 'ornament of civil society—.
w hose 'Mind' was at enlightened as Ills feelings were
kind and liberal—whose talents were great, but
• hose charity was infinite !—(hear, hear!)—he it
' was, who first brought him acquainted with
actors. lit a later period, in consequence-of his
situation, as One of the Committee of Drury.lane
Thestre be hectime more intimately acquainted
with the character and conduct of the principal
actors in this great metropolis ; and, in the situ'.
tion which he held, he hail a fair Opportunity of
marking their manners. What was the result of his
oh!ervation? Ile found them honourable in their

dealings—kind, affectionate, and friendly to one
another—and liberal in their sentiments towards all
mankind.—[Hear, hear n—He felt greatly de-
lighted at seeing his Royal Highness present on this
occasion—not only because he was the root and sup-
port of this proMising tree—but because he was at
the head of that profession, of which honour was the
very essence!—Ulear, hear!)—The Noble *Lord,
concluded by proposing the ht..iltti of his Royal.
Highness the Dike of Fork, with three limes three.
Tho Duke of YoRK returned thanks to Lord Rol.
land and to the company, and left it to Mr. Fawcett
Ito state the great object or the Institution. ,
Mr. FsWcETT (his health having been drank) made'
an amusing speech on the intention and utility of the
Institution.
Lord llor.titen again rose to say, that the. sob•
teription.book would be sent round, while the ins-
' preasien" of Mr. Fawcett'd speech was fresh its their
minds. • •.n tr•
Tie honks were sent round, and Mr. Fawcett soon
ano,.unced that ,upwarda of 1,0001. were collected. ,
Tiia eve'ning., was spent with the greatest convi-
viat.ty. The Doke of York retired it 12 o'clock.
Amelia the company wasl‘ir.Kean, Mr. C. Kemble,
Mr. Yotteg, Ate.' Mr. C. Taylor conducted the mu.
sir.al depailment with great ability and taste. lit the
comae of thk tiening bora. Holland gave Mrs. Sid-
' cious's health, efthes departed heroine of the, stage;
!hod his Royal 'Highness afterwards gave, in allusion
to the foregoing.toast, the health of Mr. Kean, !who
1 presentberoof the stage: both toasts were received
with •entlitishi'im. Mr. Keap having left the room
preiiously, Mr. Dent, as ptoprietor of Drury-lane
retorried thanks, and said, teat the prosperity of both
Theatres depended op their unanimity.
A few nights since; the hoose of Mr. Hughes, oil.
mil., in King-street; Seven-dials, was broken open
Iby robbers, who were prevented from- carrying off
I the property they hid parked op its rittaditiels for
that purpose. A son and daughter ileep in. the at.
I tics, whose rooms are only separated by a thin.par•
1 Iltion ; they were awoke by a noise, buttl4 not know
the cause ; the son, however, was VotOplettli owob,e,
by one of the robbers lifting an article othisitessolk, .
the hook in his bed-room, and a stick with a reword
in it .hanging on the same hook fell off: the youth,
who is only 17 years of ige, then jumped op, ettiiiked
the robber, and stabbed him with it : it catered somas
part of his body Zii inches, by the stain of Mood:
The robber escaped oat of the window.

. .
, _.
_.,-• • - • ..
Officers that admit I ' 741EATRIGAL FUND DINNER.
ino tha afesra.mon . 1
