Array now in ,
her immense poi
defend herself wi
assistance, she deserved to ge to the bottom.
Majesty had been graciously pleased to permit
him to netaits his rank of Colonel, wheu he com-
manded a corps of Volunteers, its consideration of
his basin Iss a former war raised a regular regi-
ment.--but in consequence of a regulation,, which
be certainly approved, it sags directed that Majors
in the Regular Army shquld take .comtnaud of
Colonels of Volunteers. With this his corps was
dissatisfied,. and many resigned; for his own part,
to him it was indifferent how he served his country:
Vel vetitore vet iiiiite.
But soon after they were commanded by a foreign
General—as if we had not a British General.ca.
paint: of taking the command---and lie had lately
heard that foreign Catholics were actually united
with some "of our regiments, while English Ca-
tholics and Irish Catholics were excluded. He
had even been told that in the GuartW appointed
to protect the Royal Person, there were some
charaCters of that description. , On this subject he
begged 'leave to .read two stanzas from a song,
which, he trusted, would be read by every en.
lightened individual, and in the month of every
ballad singer in the streets. It was entitled
C 6 Neliwns's Ghost," and be belleted he might
• take the liberty of sayleg, was the production of
his worthy and venerable friend. [Here the wor-
thy Chairman read the verses.] .
The Chairman was about to give the Army,
when it was suggested that the Navy had not heels
given, on which he apologized fur the omission,
..eed gave
The Navy, . .
`which was drank with fervid enthusiasm.
• Mr. BURGOI'NE then observed, that who.
ever had read the narrative of Sir Richard Studien,
would be gratified with hearing Rule Britannia,
which he requested the favour of the gentlemen
to whom the company were already so highly in-
debted, .to sing, which was instantly complied
with, in a style of excellence that excited rapturous
applause. . . .
- Mr. BURGOYNE neat .proposed as a toast,
- The Plough. the [.onto, the Pail, and the Sail.
May. Commerce flourish, and Farmers never fail.
After which ibe following toast was drank,
amid,st the lousiest applause-.
May those meet•ritle their due reward who have discover-
ed that oar ancestors were mistaken, and that foreign merce-
naries are the bed defenders of our country and our liberties.
Mr. BURGOYNE then observed, that its pro-
posing to drink the British army, lest the word
British' might seem to exclude. our brethren of a
neighbouring kingdom, he would beg leave to
.propose,
The native Army of the United Kingdom,
'Which, he added, he was firmly convinced would
never as against the liberties of the country, for
which they would be as strenuous in roil coats as
private citizens might be in black or in brown
ones. The Toast was then drank with the great-
est enthusiasts' ; after which,
Mr. BURGOYNE. hoped that the Toast he
ortertsirewrio propose would be drank with that:
'Titling which it reqeirid.
May the House of Commons reform itself,and become what '
the Cunstitutio requires-a full and free Representation of
'the People. •
• Mr. SUMNER then proposed the heal ths of the
Stewards ; 'which being drank,
Mr. BURGOYNE, in returning thanks, in
the names-of the Stewards, assured the Company,
;that the absence of some of -those Gentlernel,
*rose, not from -lukewaromess in the cause, but
from unexpected and indiaperisible engagements.'
..----Mr. Burgoyne then rMoarktd, that al.
though it was deeply- to be deplored that 'great
'talents ihould so frequently have been devoted'inl
the cause of tyranny and slavery, there happilt
were individuals who had exerted the brilliant 1
talents with which they were/ifted-7 in the cause: pi'
freedom and independence, and that too successive. i
ly in au undeviating course for between 30 and 401
years. Such a one was that lkigh•and•indepeettent
man, whose health be "should, have- the honour to
connect with the following sentiment:—.
The plan who has shewn how cheaply and securely Eat.
ilislimen can defend tleinselves, by restoring the milittu7
branch of the English Coastitution--Majdr,Cart wept.
Major. CARTWRIGHT 'observed, that he 11
had accepted with pleasure the Invitation by which
he bad been honoured—for they. had met to assert
ana support the freedom of election political
liberty -was his element, and he should wish to
Perish when he could no longer enjoy it. It gave •
him great 'lst:action to see the County of Esse;
resist the d'uuble oppression of two factions con-
spiring to keep it in a state of prostration. There
had in the Toasts been an allusion to a publication
of his...the /Egis, respecting which 'he, should,
•ssay a few words. In that work he had retina. •
veured to explain what was the real Constitution
of the ' country. ,_ Besides our civil: rights de-
tailed in law hooks,, and which were but a
'feeble security fot a free people..-we had other
rights. We had the right. of being armed for the
defence of our liberties—that was the Constitetiots
of England. With respect to foreigitioereessoeiee,
r-
instead of. adding 30,000 to theasmbee already in
the kingdom, he wished the Horse of Commons
had voted them all out. The defence of Portugal
was a farce; we might to hare a fleet of transports
at this moment on the coast of Portugal, tofecilitate
the escape of our troops under Lord Wellington,
whose valour and skill began sa well; but ended so.
ill. By the constitution, merman front 15 to 60
was MA only entitled to bear arms, but bOUnd so
to do. Judge Ulackstoue had Said the Constitn.
'dots of 'England knew of no such thing as a stand.
ink army, and so it is proved by .*be necessity. of
passing the Mutiny Bilf: annually.: . There was no
pretext for maintaining a standing army at this mo.
Inetst. Offensive war was impossible, for there
:was no point in which our adversary wet
.velne.
liable ; and for the defence of one colonies, aft
army. was anaccessAry, the navy of tile . enelnY
be rag annihilated. The British Officers, •wlettbad
!Ailed the Portmgucle Levy, hail been promised an
alliance of rank ue their return to this' country.
' When these 30,000 Portuguese were united with
the 391000 mercenaries already in the country,
Entltaittl. qtr t.. im ~ compared to a incite with
-- -,-. -.reenaries, on bit back, with amine for

•
. . .
Mr. BURGOYNE wished .that tho loyal •ant;
spirited Manner in which the City of London kid:
sopported their right of approaching the Throne,
had been imitated by other places in the kingdote.
He had thought proper to "elicit ,the presence of
sums high characters hi the Cite, of whom belied
the pleasure of seeing some,. while enfortettatelf
the Lord Mayor and Mr. Sheriff Wqud were
.pre,
, rented by the occurrence of official business,
,0e
' delay of which would have been utterly ieconsis.
tent with the duties of their offices. here Mr.
Burgoyne read letters from those Gentlemen, ex.,
' pressive of .their regret at being unavoidably ab.
sent, and fthe same time strongly manifesting
1 their concurrence in the panel*, for which the
Company had ' met.—Mr. Burgoyne then pro-
posed— . .
" The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, Mr. Sherif
Wood, Mr. Alderman Goodbehere, Mt. Waitiman. nod the
City of London. May the Country follow their example in
i attachment to public principle, and the best iaterests of diem
country."
• Mr. Alderman GOODBEHERE was confident
thit implicit reliance might be had on the prinei.
i pies of the Worthy Chief Migierate and Sherif
i from whom the letters had eleeen read. He felt
himself flattered by being in a company, the sea-
-1 timenti of which *ere so congenial nith his own.
There was an axiom which he could snot exactly
approve, that parties must be left to find their own
weight ; he was confident that if the people would
exert themselves, Ministers might be instantly
turned out. The people ought to be more
fully informed orthe real situation in which they
are placed, and the awful crisis at which •we are
at length arrived. With a change of men he
would, Id) welitt•i 4tlemand.a pledge..-for without,
•Roform, the' efforts of any set of men must be
fruitless. The Constitution•was situtilated---bitt
if men were to come in oho windd pledge them-
selves to Parliamentary Reform--.(his nation might
yet egoist be the admiration and cagy of• the
world:• The public had been looking imp to the,
Whigs, hut it would be fortunate for the coh(ptry
if those who called themselves such Would offer
some pledge, that they arc really friends to Par-
liamentary Reform, which we had been lookingi
up to throughout the whole of thk reign. We,
might then get rid of the present Ministers with!
advantage.. Ito was merely .suggesting a special 4..
tive opinion, in which there might be a.differenre ,
of sentiment ; but he trusted, as they were all de, t
sirous of promoting the samotudi any trifling vlif.
Terence respecting the means *until meet with their
excuse. . _
Mr. BUR'GOYNE 'begged to ask one ques,l
Lion; had Mr. Barnard .ever heard, any thing on.,
the subject of a Reform in Parliament in the
County of Essex, until Mr. Tilosives llult White!
proposed a vote of Thanks to Colonel Wardle 1.
He would therefore give them., ',-4,irteat,
4.The num who re-planted in Ewes theleng.-exleetteßbe*
aeCu( Parliamentary. iteform—,Taol..Hott W site,. -Eq."
• Mr. T. IL WIIITE said, that at the nteeljngtto
which snallusion had; been mole by the Chairman,
the difficulty was 110 e to )iippo,rt bitch) bring the
motion forward ; And although he had not been
In the habit of speaking at public meetings, he was
determined that it should not go off. Ife there-
fore applied to severarGentlemen on the stit;ieet..
The . first to whom he had applied, said, the
people don't .care *beet. it. ArtoTher Gentle•
man to whom he showed the, Motion, return,
edhins no answer. He could t!ot,jet a Gentle,
mat; to say he would second him. He. then fief).
that. company, and asked some Freeholdeis if any
of them would second hunt awl he was inetant,tif
answered in the affirmative hyshalf a dozen voieeo.
he would mention, Isis name, Mr. Wm. Smiths
then made a flaming speech for Parliamentary Re-
form--and why ?—becattp he saw that it hadheen
already carried. The greet men of that party
bad never appeared hut on the meeting to turn out
a political rivals Lord Melville, bat when the
country once thewd'iltemselves for Parliamentary.
Reform, they should have the ‘Vhigs with them.
Before they were permitted to juin, they ought,
however, first to give en unequivocal pledge to
support Parliatneutary Reform. SIG Burgoyne,
had been accused of being of no party; that he.
thought was a recommendation, fur we all knew
how party paralyzed. Let any man candidly say,
whether he dues not think the Whip a dangerous
party ; they certainly' were iusitlioui—they had
not actually voted against Mr. Burgoyne, but
many of them had requested their.friOuds to keep
;way from the poll, which naturally infused into
their minds, suspicions injurious to the character
of Mr. Bufgeytte. It warworthy
,af.parlicular
attention, that although Sir F. Btu ett had on
one occasion thrown away totem 'or money itt Atid.,
diesel, and althengh a great proportion of his 1
Voters lived within five miles sof, London, mh,
.Burgoyne had ist the courity'ef Esse..t..l4u-thirill.
of the number of voters%pellett. jy.4,,Weenek
t At" ieephanqueot 7etielfait....l"or c. then
rpo •
led less titan 1290. Mr. Brand hail stood a
Contest on the same pritetiple for Cambridge, .in
Which county there was avery strong dissenting
intorest..for there was a stronger body of Die.
seaters in that than in most other counties. 'rite,
success
,of Mr. B. in obtaining so many votes was
therefore eurprizing, and particularly wheo it was,
icotti4ered what time w,asj last in forming tito•
necessary arrangement. The polling All voters,
where they had been asleep fur the last generattint,
was truly
.surprisidg.L.and certainly held out a,
rational hope. that at some future period theln.
dependence of the County of Essex might be sue.
restfully asserted.
Mi. BURGOYNE said, that he could hut confirm wind
Mr. White had observed respecting the Whig*, with theta;
eeptinu. however,Of Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Ile Cane, Ht.
Whitbread, and Mr. Bruitl, who had dune every th4ts,
that could he dyne, although Lord Petri., and
of the other Whigs, had abetted him. He hod'
the Whigs, IL* only in the present instauce—thery was
previously a sort glad, whicp tie had 'made, by ;worming
thanks to (Mosel Wardle, and being amuugst the eafiest
,of those who bad theo put their name to his Subscription.
He would not pledge himself to the tanqualitied Rains
of any man; but he believed Colonel Wardle to he an &WM, •
plaitt,uudisgui,ed, and undaunted man—who bad eadu mid glint '
pervecution, When he (VT. 13.)1100ir the advertisement for hit
Subscription MU hete wait till Ile saw whether Mr.
„I : Wkithrad and Ur.
.. Leera othaerilied? Hem had proved
.. ........... ----a..

*slimily opposed
•%rd and condense
dose himself P-
truths which
• Seision.

propose
" GWYLLYM LLOYD
timue the undauuted Delecto
veiled by the People whose
This toner was trelirior
sandm; that
ome
's; The Health' of Aldermen
depeudeot Electors of Norts•;
Mr. MARSH, addressiug
but feel limit sensibly the arc
William Smith, fur whom be
g. Much, however, as hr
that he could entertain the semi
thought he was not a sincere**.
—he would be the first to 1.
OCCaSinO, iudce.l,%lkea ,
manner it was his iutention
wished be might break bia ,
He had taken up his Livery
which bad afforded him es g
in the humble hope which
election of his worthy friend,
felt it to be ao hawser to be
greater to be a Liveryman
have-dined at the Whig CIO
be feared he must alter that
his course to, Canitirid6e,
votes for that counts, su
Yorke.
Mr. WHITE, is ex planar
i•tg Mr. W. Smith, he had
. hs. *is the Getideluan to is
termed his proposition on
form, without making nito
(motioned his name. with
flaming speech ou these*
he had seen tint the Mtpar
at the hleetitig ; audit( twain/soh
t ohservai ions of his w •-
befit-re, Id a oat he had sa
sonality towards Mr. Smith,
übjectinu that what he hail •
Mr. MAR 511 observed.
frotii a motive to vindicate
Wiu..Smith, ssnn, vie was
power. He (Ir. M.) wr
tern, who had deserted
he satisfied that Mr. Wan.
goyne sas be himself would
smith should support Mr.
against Mr. Burgosne, be p'
all he could to turn Mr. Sir
Mn BUt OY N E fell
respect to Me. Smith-41m
his convirtion that Mr. 5•••
pension—hut he shoals
meow of depriving the In—
aba respeFothie a Itepresentativi
prive hitu of a siii4te*
respect to Col. Wardle.
the hest deter). If such.,
could qat. co iceive what I
bettei, Wi(h respect
ob§eethins—N' hien were
two •Co§ies its than casino
• /Net:live they might, have
interest and forgetting Wh
plelto judge for theinselvei
principle, and let uterest
Ak. Alderman DAY'
thin at the sentiments ts
deviated (rain his opiiii
of is hat he could c.al by no gi
not pasted. Jle was ISiddivill
• inch a speech as that of Mr
k'reoch atrocities its Spain
Bible to give his
was hinisrr Whi,s, and
William Smith, whose'
hid( to" his atteinion. Me
the- Slaves I:4:stics ectitkir
ttiorkfoiihe shtiinents
welrluanvit-41hat fleadit
tut but foc the vigor")
Smith he new-r could hal
. possible after yenh'es
respectitle a charhi-tec.
Mr. Alderman MARSH
" A ion pull, wstroug
which was drank, as -,•l•''
" Reform:,
proposed by
bir..LIURCiOYN.E
The klectors of
natives, Lord Cochrane and
to deserve helt confidence,
of independence which
The cele:ira:ed sung,
me'?" was then sung by
after whirl' Mr. Burgoyne
" May the num. wbo Situ
of Commons, he by them
Osborne."
Mr. LEETE Asa
regal purple stresui.
Mr. Atilerotan M AR.
"-Scildiers eiti
which waidggista with
" Mr.
Mr.*HEYIIATE then
" Mr. liyng, and r`
Mr. BUItt.OkNE
health of Mr. Byng. wis
big Colteegns been lecke.:
luxe so far. He did not
Imitative. lie had come
him (Mr. B.)—but beer
bung his tail, and went'
Mr. MARSH MA or
year ago, which he
coach; he would we!!
and should she w him A,
Mr. SOLT wit IT E
Mellish presenting hintselL a to
Burgoyne, tint Gentleinata inlet!
(Mr. Holt White) deviriiqt him to look- out fora
Middleses. Mr. White observed,. dud PLN'
culler's, unlucky in hisattempts to vote, for he hat Uttar"
I vote for Mr. Mainwaringlitr a place that did lint belga'
trim—this 0 be sure was a mere tuistake—bst kit vote 101 to
Jettied as well at Middksee as ut Chelmsford. ~
Mr. SUMNEIt begged leave to propose the healthof
" Mr. WHITBREAI):"
It mtht he presumption in him to-offer eve* amen....
a mat who had for so many year conducted r Si
,fibility so disiitfguished, and integrity so quite
,c
he could wish that he would lust ;Ileitis b
Porn's, •• •
lbhe- 'lean of Mr. Wititkreacl was drank with euallilill.l
After Which Mr. Burgoyne proposed that of •
" Lord ERSKINE, asid the Trial by Jury.
, which was drank with equal• demonstrations offliffe4l.4
As also were the healans of •ss !.1
" Mr. Honeywoo.l and his Son, and the , • •
Members of the entente of Kent."
These Toasts were succeeded by a Song from ?dr. 18.4
" By the gaity circling Glass."
Mr. HUttjdtYNß next proposed the health of ,
• Mr: Us Cane." 4
Mr. Alderman NA RSII proposed, *se toast--•
" Liberty II;(II,"
whleh'was drank, aid the tong efterWards subg 00 04
demon. • a. Ina
Mr. LEETE, and smother Gentleman, Ora sarig •
tlful duel--" Could a man be seam's—this life tiosild &.” hole ito
Mr. PL AIM N requested pertnissi," to Priartagig
health of &Gentleman, Wheat he had the haPPliKsi
CUlMir)uutu •
" Me. GRATTAN,"
and 1M Insisted that the country from which he chit •
form us ohjettlait: ,
Mr. BURGGYNKhoped. that t¢e Gentleman
tail hits also In mill Mr.,t.irattan cut i
udrynan—fora
he
1Y hoped iv• ' Simtcheten. and Fltshwt. • '
dared the - -

.• , .
H ST ATESM Alt: • ;":• - - " " •
Our pay-. If Groat Britain, with nued the" Iliajor,.--'44 I trust that with his eyes fait. year mot aiant,
opulation and resources, could not flashing lightning, and his mese clothed with V. &imam' whadr;
without calling foreigners to her thunder, he will throw rheas uk and brea. k their admitting these trot!
in on In the bottom. His necks." lie chain tbe hut
2 mind, he begged to
....es "%VW Alit the letrat 'au I Vil I

•
tensed i of reht,
moderns all -tliat hebed
imself honour ia retracting. by
cb Colonel Wardle had iis6"'"
With these impressions onTti
se
WA.R.DLE, Fsq, tony he
ewe Osage he has so well served."'
inCrl.dorrif alisifill4eritel";:nhceergebene;4ll4:6:l
tome minutes.
nnen Dever and Nfittaboand the'
Ter ich," b; dreek. '4'
iug the company,
attack that had berm male ea NI.
be felt the highest reensouses r•
as he respected taint if he iii4l:k;
e sentiments imputed to him-.
ere friend to Parlistneatars
endeavour to turn him out. tjr,,-
Mr. Smith had intimated in tests
en to act, ho (Mr. M.)
leg In•fore he Roe to the Ir. it
cry Cie City of Loadun-43444: Sir
as great pleasure ns any ofb:t ;747
ach it afiorded him of furth<l4,.th
end, Kr. 4 !dermal, GoodbeAtre.. •
; be an Alderman of Noe
tan of London. lie trod
Club, but after what he hat
ei,ttreithhopdseteorodmi.f bisstifulttnulytu,n
hat inteution, and be should '4'
laaatina,sald, that so fir Crain atild, in
lad not nsentieued his muse, «Kn
►hum he bad alluded, as limn,ee la
on the. Subject of Parliassettar,'N
itn any answer. it was tree, he 1,41.tx
.ith reference to, bis
,tuts, midt P.
biett of PdFlialt:eillary rialtlfra,aftt, ri
,inn was well/receiver toy oh, pao
nentinising that he had wily illsormi
wunity Mr. didermui 64,4 r;
LI Aid. he meant not the siightrit
,with, to whom he co kiwi u'
h. 441 :,aid should be COMlUUllialet. * Si
ed. that "hit be had said, ttai eei
rate. if jaissibii!' ..:I;imirier yt IR
ras crrt. iu, had no WWI 10 ret
ens nuts) well ideteed with Inr.
I. the cause of Mr. Bergoyot ;,uor sa
Win. Smith had streouried Ar. to;
would have done ; :tad if Mr.
Mr. Western, at the fres; elettit t:
be pledged liims...ll that ue ec.it
Smith out.
felt himself in a doliewesilust:sn los
.the worthy Alderman had exerts,' 1
Smith omit:the either place'
tat gently deplete beiig hinnelf:l
people of so able, so worthy,
sentatave. He shoold be max hid*
ewe. The vote Mr. Sundt ed j
!lie believed to been giioi ga
eh.a watt as Mr. Smith were Itel,ll
at hop. could tie entertained of etstiF
W to compromise, be must repeat h
Te. so strung that lie had rattier hie
npromise for one-because at the to
ace two Whigs-bat talking of Wit
Whig p rind ples would 'induce the pet.
river. He hoped' they auidd IJokb
Test take ewe of itself'.
(EN (of Norwich) felt high ,atistat,
that had been e.xpre.sed. Hu hua newt,
dots, and. iamenied 10 see, 1:14 the *
by no gender name dun hu.sbag,
astonishet how people call litre te
of Mr. Jacob, ou the su'r'est etas
Sparn; tti weieli he round it is
With respect to Whiggies4
and h.d a very Wick eitreN far )14
w:e public principles emetusteadel
Mr. Was.. Smith !indite the *waif
*sired, add Most . deserve* eutztal
IN of Nle. Clark-son milli* Plold
:111lillaan made no SeruPle at Metririg
;nevus ttsr.;Nrwce at onto.. Oila by !it.
have cursed bd.
et re siterie!icis to Got;
itBlt than
t;alttu was.;
rollout°
lertetto Dater.
i'Wthetsrstati:trier idsu4t-' /14.30:0101,4z* ''*111110"1"s...'
se and Sir Francis Burdett, bog coition
(tenet., in returns foi the *Me ciateple
ch .they bare eiceu to the nellidrY!
roes, a, ot; Nanny. wilt (kett./wq !a!
; by live ',niece, with exsto ite of
•goyne proposed the followleg
ho shut his Constititeate out al thenv!
them shut out: to 4.11xd Erne:
favoured the company with". Flue the
~" After which,
tit SIT prOputed--
citizens-mid Citizefei soldiers,"
th emit husiasm, as was also ibe beakb 11,9
dr. Coke, of Norfolk."
then proposed- •
MI the Freeholders a Milillmet."
mid great pkasuee is. Malt !!
iiol'enicewinotkoeccibotli'exu).dtilodhvv:iii.:::::ktea:Moetfe.orrcnier.thln.hihicinlilenismetivosiorish'ordßtellefeas.Q:eedeagad_ollL:tblif:twe-br.es:
woos: Ithr
o Aix teeth when be clooldittte:
l ohiekhautpandtif!id a
mneidedvivortiee in
liti
-toifMhei4am
vote
4.Bbillti'd
IT. said, that no the or-canes !
iii:esiniesiirneilaif:ahhtiamCdhteoitnlitilmoiofelkdir,i•atotatcottifvotowt:iat.tireeehida
wt.

ly hoped that 1 rkoneni ' g:.oichoten. aid 'F.lgliAlosi__l7l)
dared themselves sikbelonitine la the same faintly mi.tik,
some enquiry-411 It ii *mem soLiety that ever/
. thoctMot should • ,be obilitilted
14/
" Mr. Mattis Nir
,Ikc titre oon the other tide d
1110 •wastei." - 406 "'. ' '-• I ' - ...
1004
. Aim thre dranliodt otili Akillddreet with i'
vadat i ausd applaul'
, I.he +lllinulY $.6.............. jiazat spopt(ec 10 &Clot*
1t..• el IV
LON. OON : Primed ,it Pubk4h44 bri. ). 141
-,---
. • .. ' 5t.......•..... .m-ii.,•-
