I

A .

'4

the noblest enterprise. The French are driven from
its territory ; its independence Is secured ; its civil
liberty restored. Sicily, by the support of the same

- - - - - -
Power, has been preserved from the general de.

loge, and has suffered nothing.—By the gene.
rot), sentiment of its Prince, it has risen from
slavery to liberty, and aspires to retains its

ancient lustre among independent nations. Holland
aimi at the same object ; shall then Italy alone re.
main under the yoke? Shall Italians alone fight

against Italians for the advantage of a tyrant, and
to coalirm the slavery of their country? Italians!

delay no longer, and you in particular, Italian
4,.Ty ! reflect that the greatest interest of your
comitry is already in your hand; warriors of Italy,

Irv, are not called upon to join our party; we wish
y-;: .n ssuert yoer own rights and to be freek—Call
us, and we will come to your aid. Thus shall our

unite•l efforts restore Italy to what she was in better
times, and. which Spain already is now.
141011011,1, MARCH 14. W. C. Bentinck, Com-
mandet-in-Chief of the British troops.
In consequence of orders from France, all the
forts on both sides the Po, are evacuated by the
French. The castle of St. Angelo was to be eva-

coated on the 10th ; the citadel of Ancona, and the
fortresses In Tuscany are already free from the ene-

my's troops.
Ltynrar, Aran. 14.—Accounts from Cologne, of
the 11th inst. say, that Aogereav, on the news of
Bonaparte% dethronement, is gone over to the Allies
with his whole army. The Swedish Mnjor Gyllios
Kep, has brought certain news, that Mnestritht has

capitulated, and is occupied by the Allies.
Some public prints say, that several Members of
the States of the German and Gallician Hereditary
Austrian dominions intend to rebuild the Imperial
Palace at Vienna at the eipenca of the different
States of the Empire; a plan, still in existence, was
made for this purpose, under Charles VI. Under
Leopold U. it was again talked of, and a model
made, witich is still preserve& But the death of that
Emperor and the breaking out of the war of the Re-
volution,eaused the plan to be again laid aside... Now
the States intend to compliment his Majesty when
he retarns from his itictorious campaign, by taking
on themselves the expettee of this building ; and, it
is said, the matter is already laid before the Emperor
for his approbation.

By the dispatch of Lord CAsTitltthOtt, inserted
in the Supplement to Saturday's Csaarflrt, we are in-
formed of the leadipg circomstaitces attending the
entrance of Alossisue into Paris, on the 12th inst
(last Tuesday); ancitlie French Pipers of that and
the following day are filled 'with the details of this
occurrence, which is stated by every account to have
drawn forth the meet lively manifestations of joy
from the Petition,. It Nat (*moiety a mark of do.
licacy arid good taste on the wilt tile Emperor of
RUSSIA and the Sing of PRUSSIA, to withhold their
presence from a ceremony, in which they might have
appeared with so much eclat, bat in which their
presence %% meld have served to divide the regards
of the people, or to render their plaudits of uncer-
tain application. 'llls ceremony was; in every re-
spect, well calculated to draw forth, from the re-
stored Prince, and the distinguished Frenchman who
went to meet him, the most lively expressions srf
their reciprocal sentiments. That this, the best of
its effects, should not be disturbed by them, the
Allied Sovereigns wisely and magnanimously re-
solved. It appeared to them that as French feel-
ings only were proper to be exhibited, French-
men only were proper to be present. Lord
CASTI,VREACII had not this delicacy of feeling, he
could not so willingly forego an occasion of
obtrusive and ostentatious self-exhibition. How
striking the difference between great and little men !
ALUANDER and FRVAERICR- WILLIAM would con-
sent that the Bourbon Prince should receive the un-
divided homage of the French Marshals, Senators,
and people ; but my Lord CASTISREARM and his co-
adjutors were determined to share with the latter the
mattering notice, the pleasing affability, the exulting
and grateful congratulations of the Bourbon Prince;
they did not fear being thought too forward; they
could not imagine that their presence, distinguished
and oficiel foreigners as they were, could repress the
current of feelings purely national, or distract and
confound any of the parties to this solemnity.
Marshals Monne& and MONCRY, with some
others, have signified their adherence to the new
Coastitetioo; and it appears by a letter from
Dieppe, which reached town yesterday, that Mar-
shal to s taken a similar step.
Bete tis country and France we have greet
reacnn I ope, that the peace now about to be cow
fitted will be of very considerable duration. Oai
;nod effect resulting from the siteation in which Ea.
rope has been placed, is the moderation kites intro-
,fixed generally into the popular antipathies and ani-
mosities of na tie ns.Th is happy effect has been produced
in a greater degree, perhaps, in the ease of France sad
England, that, in any other. For the last twenty:
fire years, from the very commencement of her row
volotionttry tempests France has been to England the
ntiect of sympathy, even in the midst of oar bitterest
hostilities. Her efforts for the establishment of pond-
e.ll freedom obtained our warmest approbation, their
("lure procured her our sincerest pity, and that she
1.3, now a fair prospect of attaining to the enjoyment
4.l,•,,osiderable constitutional advantages, is, amonpt
tlrious causes of joy, one of the most general,
4si.trotieg, and abundant. We have been too loni!ii

_J

~, ~,~

~,:~.r:

~ "~

THE

•

. ; ~;

..

~ ..,

w,7elAllll

f ' Pik ZDITtOIt-or risk STATESMAN.

. ,~-

•
r:
