THE STATESMAN.

l being understood that the drawing, ebati be acconaL
Itiabedistitilla _Fogs letaw.awl jilt Sprit, haft if
li 'stetter ittliordinAy ignselgAwitl/ so • e:
nifi iniae istecitt official and
1
41' threw b Illstealrels4join andionClot ae
Relive iuilitia ;trees-elite:l'am tisu levy. . .
_t_s. liming men. ws.ctsigm„4l.o4Acisatattac,
rettlfh year, ut sicrriTieTWlli be asftbitt die substitutes
retitled thei•nre ofilte rs ate heightessidditninillii •: c'
" 6. They may also lie pi anitted,as, voluutsqrs if-,they..
posie=s t> 'same mialificattUns. .
1' 7. :This ankle-in thevlerreeisiliehttTFlV the ftovens-
sanalt alcsaagor except tivat-itessitsie muse that' the Intl-
yitwial Ileputa•ion Audi be decla-ell terhavesdeseryed Well
.of tee conntiy in order to make that asseparate Article, .and
that it dirtecihreederradoneto keerlan exalt account of
Use funds they receive aid apply. . •
• " S. The depatationa that punctually execute thOprovi ,
!ohms -14 the psetresling 'ankle shill, by the fact of so
Idling, 14 sfeeUred 'to havOleserved well of the cottntry.
.s, 49:This ankle c.irresponds with the 4th of the mer-.
sage, emelt& that: iti giang.tuithority.to the Government
to enlist person's who Imp already-ten-et, in the ,arnosy,
There is added the words—' though • •they map be fo-.
, .
resigners.' .
".10. Foreigners in whom confidence is to be placed,
though they hare tot previously served, maybe aamitted
into the ar.ny; hat must enter in the rank of sOleirro.
" 11. The Government isimetboriged to dliPose of the.
corps of the ailiye militia at may be most convenient for
the pob!ie;serviri. .. ... ~•
" 12. Authority Is given for the importation of anus,
Ste: (See artickt gf the inessage.)., ..
' " 13. Tids articlecorreapontts with the 7th of the mes-
sage, except ;nut tee number of
.gun-boas is made'Llo, I
and the 'masher of-lie:sawn 3,300.'
After the subject bad been discn -red, and it was • de-
clared that there was ground to vote on the whole of the
report, t.se artielts were then pet -separately. Articles
ils• and fli were read and adopted, and the 3) article was
submitted to discussion, after which the article was Bps
pored ; it being understood that. the Conwaimai would
present anothes article to modify the exemptions. TITg
tetittiniog articles were, after smite obsenatione, also
agreed to. The committee then submitted certain addi-
tional articks, which wee se successively adopted as pre-
sented, relative :o the exematissns.
Sotimi.atklitiotial measures were proposed rel 'tire to
the !tulip! ess, which were ordered to he referred to the
Committee of Finance and Public Crs.dit.
Maoism, Fen. 6.—Count del Ilibisba!, the Command-
ant-General ad i gteriin of this district, has transmitted
to the llaveinatect, a despatch dated ilelliaca, 4 Is inst.
one o'clos I; p. in by whiats it appears; net n sthing but.
portant had occurred in that Rtalios.. The factious are
contiiming to fortify dnemsel Tee In Hucte; and he Count'
was awaiting the arrival of the bays of the Sib district
is commence ecw operations. 1
The (determent hin received official 'snare, that in eon-'I
segnenee of the recent great swell of the 'Wu lalquivir,
one of the arch. a of the bridge of Andujar has been
broken down, aad another much injured. The time
required for the repairs will necessarily retard the arri-
val of the correspondence from Ca liz, Malaga, and
Grenada. . .- .
On the dileiastant, at six in the evenirg, Field-Marshal
Doe Carlos Espinosa, with a rolann 4600 infantry, and
350 cavalry, . entered Madrid. On their arrival, those
brave min were greeted by an immense concourse of pro-
! le, and the houses in the streets through which slew
passed wale Illuminist. des if by enchantment. Cries of
the " Constitution anal Liberty," were rnthasiastically re-
peated by the croups and the people; and in the counte-
nances of all was plainly expresred the siesirodsf proving
their patriotism, not merely by empty dentoraerat ions, bit
by deeds, which may prove to. forrig•cers that ac are the
sense Spaliarda a- we were in 150$. The enthusiasm is
so gener.,l, that net children despise all sorts of toyslex-
tilt swords ow gn no. .
Fes., 7.—We know for cett .in, that numerous appli-
cations have been m sties to the Government since the ett-
moor of the war with France first began to be circulated.
.The g 'wade Chiefs who served in the list war are by
dozens soliciting permission to arm parties of troops.—
The same applicatiops are made fur lettsm of 'bargee; so
that, should hostilities really commence, the Govern-
ment may c:rleulate on a considerable ottrober of patriots
who vow vengeance ..n those Frenchmen who, to thedis-
pare isf she illustrious nation to which they belong, and I
the enlightens d age in which we live, wish to re-est 'Wish
the Inquisition and the Jesuits in Spain. In a few months
the Me.siterranean will be covered with vessels armed by
levers of nia.lne, and France will suffer in her
11 COlll.
as
• .
erce the just ptin.samrtitt due to the atrocious attempt
of her Iluvertint-nt and the nal° i which tut rates 'hat
attempt. We are fully persuaded that our Governmrsit
will at ail i.ss.lf of the atliiii Naito enttinsiasni that ani-
mates all Spaniards to defend and preserve the indepen-
dence of the it institm ion. It would be very easy to assemble
in a short thne'2o or 30 thousand of those brava men, who
in 1814 thought we had terminated the conte.t which we
hod so graciously canimenceahard Maintained sgsinst him
who then relecrEnrope. In the prey nt instance, it sig-
nifies little to the Spardards, though the King of France
shuuld invoke the Gull. of St. Lou.l to aid the loathed
thowand satellites of Elltraisin, who,it is raid, are about
to March to oar terri•ory for the purpose of subduing as
tomnr former slavery, but who, iiitread of attaining that
object, null flush their graters on those very plains on which
were snits those who before 'at:twitted to rob us of our
independence.
The Government has appointed a committee of flenerala,
consisting of Generals Blake, Ballastpro., mei:unix,
Zarce del Valle, and the Marquis de la Reunion, for the
purport., we are ir.forrnetl, of proposing to his Majesty
the most proper measures for defending the kingdom..
The accounts frees Navarre are daily more and snore
.satisfactory- Thu_ penale are beninning;to knov their
own interests, and the faction is nearly reduced to no-
thing. In Arragon public spirit is improved its an extra-
ordinary degree, and the only factio is mall that province
are the beriegesl party in Megninenza, who area prey to
starvation and dissentions, among themselves. Catalonia
is Kitimat entirely evacuated ; and letters frow Saragossa
affirm that the fort of Urge' has surrendered to the luau-
cible Mina.

We copied a paragraph oa Thursday from a ministerial
paper, stating that .Ur. Courtentry. the Master in Chantey y,
and one of the Mentivers for Exeter, had been sworn a
Baron of the Exchequer, in
.place of Mr. Baron Wood.
it appears that this statement is not true.
A few weeks ago, as Mr. S. Hicks, a Methodist local
preacher pretty far advanced in years, residing. at Leeds,
was returning home from an adjacent village, where hr
had been preaching, he was met by two fellows, who
derwinded his mor.ey. Fortunately, lie had only 74.
with him, which he gave to the robbers. They then pe.
remptorily ordered him to surrender his great coat,
which he was necessitated to du; and Otero ards, per-
ceiving that his strait coat was good, they determined
to have it alsJ. Mr. 11. complied, venturing, however,
to request that they would 'Gni him some clothes in
lieu of his two coats, to secure Wen from the inclemency
of the weather. They gave him an old jacket, in which.
he proceeded homewarn ; but had not travelled far, be.
fore lie heard them folowing him. Apprehensive of
further i!l-treatment, he concealed Wur•elf in a stone
quarry, near the spit, where lie remained unobserved by
the robbers, who pissed soon after. Mr. H. by a differ
ent route, arrived safe at home, o here, 03 examining
the ragged jaLloq, it N as found to contain fire sovereigns.
undesignedly given to hint by the robbers, whith
doubtless had been the object of their pursuit.--.(Donras-
ter arsine.)

-a. • • .7.

1"--Ntt

- ........
• . ' '* 4
,• , . . 4
MAILS. I. . ~,•-. •.. r •,
4914.. . ''' '. Dul. i mile fin I• i Buil
q e:rtuggeFde - 0 I2El' --3 4.
!311 4' GA Jersey - 0 I •-...reen -• -0 '
0 Llsbon 9 - I Flanders - 0
9 Clettentaseir - --.2. .. .:4W. ./12401 - ... --a

IPS:/.1 OF 4TORKS THIS .OA ii iitr(o* O'CLOCK.
att
Aotit•
3 f•II eIANC:- . .. 7.4 111* Trpti.T.fliSitir:r3filiffi : pm
4 per et. Ceet a•• *--4 - aks*
34 per cf. Et*th ' OldAap. 0..-.• :
41er Caortsw ; 4.931-1,3 trIVIT. .1 . la. i t...ni '
New Fours .. ..... gok Nil _ mu& s- .- ,--,- • .
3 per Ct. 1197. • "...ir--4.11•Ol. • 140.13 spas.
LongAnot... 114 7-11,-,5481 --Small • a 11114 pert
Imp. 3 per Ct.... .. ..
frish•6 per Cents. 1 LotteryTtckets .... Bil. 191

Cht StWOntsin:

, MONDAY EVENING, .FEBRUARY 171 1823.
• . MINISTE.itIAL I(LINDNESS. •
Itt. our Parliamentary C,otnmentary of Saturday, we
noticed the confession of Mr. (Vining, made on Fri.
night, thatots to. any flatware fur theyelief of
agticttlture, his Majesty's Ministers did not•see their
way 'clearly.; and that they tr outfit he hiplpy to attetul
ti any suggestion fol. tke effecting 'of that objceti.-1—
Such suggestion -the worthy. Minister.. expressed his
Irish to hear from Sir Thomal Lethbridge erfrom any
other.gentlemari.—Well! this is being docile indeed:
This is not taunting the landlords with want of pa-
tience ; this is not letting loose the red lioas upon
them. Since Mr. Canning wants suggestions, why
will he not, or, rather, we ought to say, he doubtless
will, pay attention lo the suggestions.in the numerous
petitions Irons the counties. Then.: are suggestions
enough; and, since the Minieers want suggestions,
let us hope that those contained in the petitions will
be treated with respect:—Mr. Cautiinß, at the close of
his speech, repeated the doettine of a revival of agri-
culture; that is to say, a restoration of rents to the
landlord, and capital to the farmer, to arise from the
prosper* of commerce and manufactures. This. an-
nounces to us one of two things, both of which are
i!alculatecl to give us pain : first, that Mr. Canning
dues not read Mc Ilegialcr: or, second, that, reading
it, he has repeated this doctrine with a thorough
knowledge of its falsehood. For, if he had read the
Register before the last, it is impossible that he should
not have. been convinced of the fallacy 'of this doc-
trine. We do no; at all hesitate to declare, that any
man who can read the Letterto Mr. Faikes contained
in that Register, and who can still hold forth the pros-
, perity of commerce and manufactures as a necessary
cause of the prosperity of agriculture, must be a very
'weak man indeed, or a man of perfect insincerity.
We know that Mr. Canning is nut the former: we
hope that he is not the latter ; and therefore we
must fear tlmt, after all, he dues nut do Mr. Cobbett
the honour to read the Register.

BOURBON WAR.

There appears to be not the smallest change in the
intentions'uf the French. It is said that they will
not enter Spain until towards the latter end of March.
There is not the smallest chance of their desisting
from their project ; and if any of our readers still hold
Spanish bonds, they will do well to act accordingly:
Ilmrrcr, it is, in all probability, of very little use to
offer advice of this sort at this time.
