ANSWER O TIM FAROANIOTEII.

a Moat High Ali-Pacha, we respect you; we have re-
ceived your two letters, and we are happy to learn you
are in good health. You cannot, without much die-
tufty, obtain from us the submission you demand, for
examples too bright are before us, to excite us all to
dare a free and glorious death, rather than stoop be-
math the disgraceful yoke of tyranny. You write to us
to expel and kill the French; this we have not the
power to do, and if we had the power, we have not the
will to use it ; our country has boasted of her honour
for the last four centuries, and has often defended it at
the pries of her beet blood. Could we now stain her
glory and her reputation? No • never. It is io your
power to make new and unjust threats, but menaces are
unworthy of great men; besides, we have never known
faqir, and we have been accustomed to a glorious war for
the rights of our country. We are prepared ; the hour
"pea/aches, and complain will be glorious!"
We now arrive at the fatal epoch at which the Parga-

~----

!'RICE 7D.

niotes were disposed of by the cupidity and the deceitful
professions of their protectors, the English, aad their
commissary I. Cartwright, whose name occurs for the
first time in the annals of diplomacy.
The Parganiotes were summoned one after another
before the Commissaries, in order to decide. What was
yet to be done? They had until that time protecte•
themselves; but every hope of safety was banished from
their minds, seeing that the sword which struck them
teas raised by the same hand which they had just insist
coed with their tears, and the benevolent assistance of
which they had just invoked. All the men asslivemen
old and young, without a single exception, decided upon
departure, signifying their assent, either orally or b.
writing ; and the deaf and dumb gave their hasent h.
the most expressive gestures. They could no lengei
die as citizens, and they preferred exile to slavery!
Recourse was had to delay for the purpose of sowing
divisions or to reduce them to despair by uncertainty,
yet the Parganiutes, animated with the same heart lino
spirit, remained firm in their resolution. Stick in hand.
like the Jews in the passage of the Red Sea, being ready
for departure, they left this year at least their
without cultivation; the earth,deprived of its prediction;
speared to announce already that Whereas strangers,
were about to occupy it.
Meantime the Carnival arrives, and the Parka-
niotes strive to beguile their grief in joy. But how sinl
and terrible was this joy The Pargamotes sung, it i
trite, to their lyres, but they were the hymns ut th.
'Thessalian Riga, which European policy had im
hated, the victim of its love for the liberty of.Ureeer, or
rather, for the first time, were heard couplets, compared
expressly fur and analogous to the circulostaace.
" Come, let us go on ()reeks," they sing to the al. r
seilles song, " let us take up the arms, and let the 1110.4
of the Turk run at our feet" Then they sung, " Our
sword lies on the ground like a quenched thuaderh iI
Oh, sea, receive us into thy bosom whilst we are free'
since the earth is parcelled out fur slavery. But we be
seeds thee let not the waves roll our bodies near thn...
English vessels, for they would sell as to oar limier).
Enemies."

" Verdant laurels, repeated the women, ye roses, no
longer shall yr be the ornaments of our beads, no louger,
ye running brooks and breeses shall ys hear the autut
of our voices."

And the old men, in remembering the actions of
Liasca, the brave Epirote, will exclaim, " Lis's.* obeyed
no Pacha, nor bent before a Vizier. Liasca's goo was
his Paella, and his sword was his Vizier. And we will
imitate thee Liasca; yes, we will go like wandering
lions upon the mountains."
Such were the exclamations which the Turks heard
on every side; those Turks, whom the inhabitants,
bound by the moot horrible imprecations, never wuul
approach.
Suddenly, Sir F. Adam, Commantier-is•Chief of th
Brittonic forces in the lonian Isles, arrived at Porten,
and strives to persuade the Primates to permit the Turks
to enter their citadel, bat the Primates replied: " The
whole English fleet may present itself sod threaten et,
hut the first step of a Task on our territory is the signal
of death. Never have they dared to touch it without
sacrificing their lives for their audacity."
The Bement did not appear astisdlesi with tivelismor
he wished to consult the remainder of the population :
but an unanimous shoat confirmed the demists of th.
Primates. Then they had no choice but liberty or
death, and they went to brave it. One common ruin
was about to exterminate them all ; but the sight of
their wives and infants softened them. The voice of re
ligion and of nature spoke to their distracted souls
They decided to depart, and they departed. It was them.'
holy week. Heaven itself 'reined to hare marked fol
these sail Jaya the epoch of the misfortunes of Parga.
In this generous race, worthy of a better fate, wa.
renewed the example of the Phocians. Like them, th
Phocians, disdaining slavery, put their wives, their chi,
dren, their moveables, the votive offerings and image
of their temples, on board several vessels. Hapiiie
than they, the Phocians had only to fear Harpagns an.
the Persians. It was a spectacle truly worthy of pity
to see this people give a sorrowful and last adieu totters.
beloved country; that country which was for so men:
ages the must tender object of their affections and o,
their thoughts, where they had first song hymns ii•
praise of their Creator, who're they had first experience,
the strong feelings of fathers, children, friends, tirot hen
lovers.

Where is the heart so cold as not to feel on such an
occasion! They disinterred with sacrilegious piety, th,
bones of their ancestors. Some consigned them to th
flames; others buried them acain is secret places, wits
the hope gleaming in their heirts, that they would on,
day revisit them.
Three frail merchant-vessels were sent from Corr.,
to bring away some twenty felonies which remained be
hind. This was the only assistance given them.
As soon as the Pargalsoites arrived at Corfn, three.
hundred Turks advanced and encamped in the mouasteri
of Blasehene. _ _ .

Like hungry wolves, the Turks poured in, retain;
their rage first of all upon the edifiers and inanimate ob
jeets, and ran about firing their guns and pistols, ant
teepeetg their sabres in their mouths.
The military had retired to the beach; their women,
and children who witnessed these dieorders, hastened t"
quit the barbarians, whom they had honoured by the*,
friendships; they abandoned • past of their baggig
and embarked. An English lady died almost suddenl,
of fright. " May the earth lie lightly on tbee,tbou slain
of those misfortunes, which thy eouutrymen broug
upon Parga:"
The historian continues—
" The session of Pero to the Turks has raised a wa
of brass between you (England) and the Greek. At 11).4
time fixed by Providence for die redemption of the chi,
dren of Athens and Sparta, far indeed from you tans
she look for snpport. A new successor took., es fore
the crimes of Kings, hut the crimes of nations can Octet
be effaced from • betrayed and outraged people. Yoe.
may boast of your resistance for !U years to the 'Mort
of the giant which threatens your existence. Exhibi
to the world with pomp your continued solicitude for the
Blacks—the thousands of Englishmen sacrificed befor
Algiers to deliver a thousand 4 bristian slaves—and you
Bible mission% which are to speak the liht of faith to
the most distant people. Parga is beret Wiry, bevy
you not left her in leer noble straggle against bar tent
cious neighbours ? Has she yielded when you were nor
there? fn the pride of your independence, cast your
eyes upon those unfortunate eitisens ; they have tie
other riches than the glory of their actions, and th
compassion of their countrymen unable to OM .t them
Whilst looking upon the sacred bones which they car
ried with them, may they. hear a secret roife in die bat
tom of their hearts, a voice which cries In the sum •
their fathers—
" littoriare alloais marts vs melbas altoe."

..
..
