! e SISUMPS SSW TWW•rwerw....
express his satisfaction at the advantages which time
country derived, not only. from Lis- RiiLlst Hon.!
friend's (Mr. Whet) faithful discharge OTliisoffi- r
clad duties, but frotn.the talent and experience "Fusco
I.so evinced in ,their exercise. He had scarcely any
hope that the commerce of the country xonld be
brought back to what it had been, yet he was of
opinion that ninth might be done, if they made a
-ati,sfaetory use of the means which still remained.
it the attention of the Legislature was not directed
to the subject, he was afraid that we should and in be-
e.oning what some of the States of Italy and the
Netherlands now were—countries living upon the
riches which commerce had produced; but exhausting
their riches, from having thrown their commerce
away. He was fully persuaded that the trailing, ma-
nufacturing, agricultural, and all other interests must,
stand or fall together.
Sir J. NSWPORT hoped that one of the first sub-
jects taken np -by the Committee would he the Fa.
ielgn Timber Trade. It was quite manifest that I.
that branrb had already occupied the attention of
Conitilitte.e t 3 a certain extent, it would be the
most regular coarse to dispose of it before other mat-
ter came before their toupideration.
The motion was thenAwresd to, and a Committee
'
appointed.
iLAVE TRADE.
Mr. W. SMITH bad to submit a motion to the
House, the groutulsof which he would proceed to stJte.
It would be in the recollection of all that it was now
nearly fourteen years since this country declared the
erime, disgrace, and shame which attached to the
African Slave Trade. No sooner had that desirable
object been attained, than we turned to the other Pow-
ers of Europe, and endeavoured to procure from them
the same determination. In the peace of 1615, the
exertions of the Noble Lord (Castlereagh) opposite, pro-
cured the abolition by the united voices of almost all
nations. At the period to which he hail alluded, every
power in Europe was assembled at the Congress of
Vienna ; and there they agreed in declaring that the
Slave Trade was contrary to all the principles of hu-
manity and morality, and described the abolition as
one of the greatest monuments of the age in which it
was effected. How then came it to pass that a period
of fire years bad elapsed, and these powers bad afford•
ed no co-operation for carrying their declaration into
effect? America had by an Act of Congress declared
that Missouri should not be admitted among the fede-
ral.states, until every kind of slavery was abolished.
in
that country, But by France, Spain, and Portugal,
upon the Southern coast of Africa, north of the Line,
called the Hold and Ivory Coast, the trade was still
carried on In a manner inure disgraceful than had
been witnessed even in the worst times of the British
trading. He mined for copies of all communications
which bad passed between the officers whom the Go-
vernment had employed for the suppression of the Slave
Trade, and the Uovernments of France, Spain, anti
Portugal; together with all treaties upon that subject
which had been entered into with those llovernments,
and an account of the manner iu which the conditions
of such treaties had been executed.
Mr. WILBERFORCE seconded Hut motion. He
in.qpiescril in every thing which his Hon, Friend had
sma•ed ; or rather he participated in the •sentiosents and
!i•elings which he had expressed. As lie Wended to
address the House upon another subject, Le should nut
further detain it upon the present.
Lord CASTLEREAtiII assured the Hon. Member.
that every effort of the tosernoli•nt had been directed
W the subject of time present uwtiun. He was most
anxious to put the House in possession of the exertions
which iioyernment had made, and of time ditlieultii•s
with which they had to encounter. For the present he
would only say that lie nas evremely gratified, and
Obliged by the lion. Member bringing the question before
time lionse.—Ortlered.
• Mr. W. SMITH moved for an account of all Extents
it Aid issued from the Court of Exchequer in the year
100, and for copies of the Affidavits under which they
were granted.—Ordered.
Mr. HUSRISSON brought np the Report of the
Cirmmittee of Supply.
Mr. CTIFIEVEI reinaine.l of the same opinion with
regard to the 900,0001. voted by the Committee, but as
he Intended to bring it before the Weise on Thursday
rext, he should not now oppose the bringing up of the
Report.
Mr. HUME asked a question relative to the allow-
gives for wear and tear in the Navy.
After a few words from Sir lt. 31.ARTIN,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that when the Estimates were before the House, the
Hon. Member would see that every possible !eduction
had been made.
Mr. HUME asked if a report which be had heard,
at sting that the wages of the working classes in cer-
tain dock-yards was correct? And if so, Miler te
reduction hail extended to the pay of the inspecting
ozlicers7
Sir BYAM NIAIITIN said, that an order hail been
liven to limit the hours of work, and as they were paid
ht the hour, it would hare the effect of re 'mein!: the
sains they earned, though not the rate of their wages.
The Report was then brought up and the Resolu-
tions agreed to.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved.
that the House should to-morrow resolve itself into u
Ceti:mit:ft of Ways and Walls, to take into considera-
tion the supplies of the year.
CONDUCT OF MINISTERS.
tarsi:. SILO DEUATr.)
Sir R. WILSON rose and assured the House that be
regretted exceedingly having to occupy its time at so
early a period of the 'debate, but which bad become ne-
cessary owing to'his being in the possession of informa-
tion which he wished to coinumnicate. If lie recollected
yliat the Hight Honourable President of the Hoard of
Control had said, lie dill not attempt to justify the oo-
srrnment in every part of the proceedings, against her
Majesty, but rather called upon the forgiveness of the
• liouse,..for errors which could neither be foreseen nor
prevented, as arising out of the peculiar nature of the
vase. The Hon. Member fur Corfe Castle had condemned
tie proceedings in the In:ginning, the middle, and vet,
Mat his usual impartiality, be had determined to vote
On. time acquittal of the lc cased. It was his object to
*Low that his Majesty's Ministers Lad committed great
errors: and whether they were errors of incapacity or
error' of ignorance, they ought to he visited with the
simile penalties as if they were real offences,. For, those
Who undertook such situations mast take nith them all
toeir responsibilities. Ile objected to a Hill of Pains anti
• kenalties, and knew of but one case is which it ought to
hive received the sanction of the Legislature. lie rireer
•si;taertile blioistess.of liettg originally patties to mine
aonspiracy M he nem et had lint:tell 'it
.i

\

uoioriously suspicious , was
he disposed to make his Majesty's Minute's responsible
for the subsequent acts of the Cotnutissson. It was not
itinseeether to be required from them brit they should
enter into Jany nice discrimination with regard to the
evidence ; for having employed individuals whom they
considered to be Gentlemen, they were bound to give]
them their confidence to a certain extent. But %viten
the depositions came under the inspection of the Privy
COMICII, they ought to have ascertained how far the re-
spectability of the deponerts could be depended upon.
He contended that the Italian Nobility wilco lived near
her Majesty, ought to have been applied to by Mint-
tees, in order to ascertain how far the testimuny
laid
lbefore them was entitled to credit. If they had been
.so
hip plied to, they would have given it entire contradic.
The liottourable Member then produced and read
several extracts of letters from the Bishop of Peearo,
'ilveri and others, who wro'e in approving
Items of that pert of her Majesty's conduat, of which
'wy had been eye-witnesses. Ile also raw' an mastoid_
from an Austrian paper, denying that she bad beef
black-balled at the Cassino. Pergami was a person en-
titled, both by birth and manners, to any honours s hide
•lie might he fortunate enough to have conferred upon
him In foreign countries it was not the practice to
AIR as in England, who a wan had been, used what be
then was. He remembered when at flerlin, seeing the
present King of Sweden recognize an individual who I
had been a servant at tile same time he was, before his
exaltation, in a manner which reflected honor upon his
royal station. And against whom, he would ask, had
the prosecution been commenced ? It was against the
Queen Consort of the present Sovereign. Was there any
person who had drank deeper of the cup of atiltetion
than her Majesty. Even the witnesses against her had ad-
mitted her benevolence and poll ; her humanity
hail been most conspicuous ; she bail braved elaners, at
the prospect of which human nature lia.l sickened. When
her meanest attendant was contleed by tlivylaglie, she isad
enele:.‘ unreel to preserve leis life at the risk of her own.
lie knew she had been acdused eet lenditig Ow sanction
of her name to publications in which nocht be t :nand
many offensive passages: but (knifemen shodel recol-
lect her peculiar situation. Assailed as she hail been
at all. points, it hail been in her poser to wield the
%%Tarn of recrimination, and tens plunge the country
into dispassion. But the lion. 31emher for Oxford bad
said, " Will rei have adultery :tea treason triumphant 1:"
How vain was such an interroaatise argument. lied
not his Majesty's Ministers offered her an income whirls
would have secured her the waits of continuing the
practices with which they hail charoed her ? Ile was
one of those who joined in the prayer ut peilee which
was so widely uttered out of doors. Ile was this te;..tiat
called upon to support a vote of censure upon Isis ala.
jesty's Ministers; hut he declared to Gail he should
have felt greater pleasure in being enaided conscientic
ously to give them his support. Even now be believed
retraction would do them honour : but it appeared they
were determined to keep this important question alive.
If so, it was perfectly idle to talk of sedition and
anarchy. In support of both, the Ilisarcted out of doors
were perfect insects compared with his Majesty's Mi-
nisters; for their conduct had threatened the country
with revolution. The lion. Gentleman (the Member fur
Corte Castle) bail stated his surprise that a wise and en-
lightened people like those of this country shoolindopt
the course which they had. ;le (Sir It.) admitted that
the people of Eugland were wise and etilighteued; but
it was not tel the lion. Gentleman that they owed either
their wisdom or their light. They were wise, became t bey
knew that no act of injustice, tio wrong whatever could
be done even to the meaue,t subject without injury to
the whole entnumnity. The lion. Member fur Oxford
' hail said that the people were fantastic ; but he (Sir 11)
sincerely believed that 99 out of every BM were true to
their principles, until they were aLandoned by their
leaders. Before he sat down, he should offer a very few
remarks upon minor topics. The gallant General then
proceeded to n.alie a few general observations upon the
cause of Reform, anti sat down, declaring that, strongly
as he advocettal that cause, be should be willing to re-
tire from public life the moment lie should be satisfied
that his doing so would promote the general happiness.
Mr. HUSKIS.SON stated, that compelled to offer him-
self to the notice of the House, b..fore lie would touch
upon the direct question before the House, he would
very shortly address himself to a remark which lad
fallen from the Honourable awl Learned Member for
Knareshorough (Sir .1. Mackintosh.) That Honour-
able and Learned Gentleman had put an erroneous con-
struction upon an observation from leis Honourable
Friend (Mr. Mulles); and in that erroneous construc-
tion he had been followed by the gallant General, who
bad just sat down. He (Mr. II.) had never understood
his lion. Friend to condemn the measures of his Ma-
jisty's Ministers. He had said merely that he was not
satisfied with those taeasurcs.—(Cheers from the Oppo-
sition Benches.)—Ile understood those cheers ; but w hat
followed that observation of his Honourable Friend
Why," that if the circumstances which had given rise
to those measures were to occur again, lie did not know
but that his Majesty's Ministers ought to take thee same
measures again. (Cheers from the Ministerial
Benches.)--And it was from this oliservation of his Ho-
nour:Ade Friend that those llonourabie Members desired
his Honourable Friend, in consistenry. to vote for
the present motion. This indeed would be an ex-j
enaplification of that sort of consistency which was
so tap:ninon on the other side of the House. There,
was Another topic too on which he must slightly touch.
Much eloquence had been exhausted to 11111.1%* that all the
late Bills had proved nugatory. Good God ! They had
sat night after night in anxious and exhausting
debate
upon tier subject of those Bills. They had been told that
those Bills untold destroy the tight of petitionine: and I
that the House would permit no oseansof being informed
of the state of public opinion. If this were correct, why
were all the late county meetings referred to as so many
triumphant expressions of that opinion? At those very
meetings, and particularly at a late northern meeting I
attended by the lion. Member for Durham (Mr. Lamb-
ton), it hail been declared that those hills were Waters*
ble ; so that in one place it was urged that the bills in
question were an intolerable grievance, and in another,
that they were ineffective Ana nugatory. Indeed, the
House was assured that there had never been a time
when public opinion was so strongly expressed 01 the
present. This was another instance of the consistent.),
lilt hail noticed before. For his own part, be firmly be- I
lieved that it was to those bills the country was indebted
for its security, in time districts which dead been pee-
s iouely disturbed. Ile would shortly refer to another
subject upon which the Gentleman opposite had so elo-
quently declaimed. Gentlemen had tallied of the pre-
scut acrimonious irritation which was so general through-
out the country, and of their wishes to allay that irrita-
%ton. He joined in their wish, but lee differed aids them
upon the means. They hail talked of a foul conspiracy,
anal they said that Ministers had done tie et which their
own better judgment condemned. These tientlemen had
not accused the Minis,.ers directly, lint they had by in-
terferetice described them as men of a fiend-like charac-
ter, wleou nu men of honour could support. They wish
esl the:Mtniaters to make no &feller, bett If they aid not
Attend themselves they would indeed be nawserthe of
,sappier. Mitdaters did t:ot tan the present tieca-
.lsi:o inji;cleitgea, well' at 4. thea:-
seives agioust an attempted cute of censure, and

purpose-, teeitling et..
of Pains anti Penalties, or upon the question-whether the
preamble of theasiiill had or had -not base established.
' But he referred to them so show that Ministers had not
brought charges against her Majesty lightly or unad-
visedly.—(Cheera.)-- He might admit that the result of
thus° proceedings was her Majesty's technical ac-
quittal ; and that she was rettored to her rank and her
rights. Of that rank and legal rights she was in the
.full possession, and they had been formally recognized.
All the rest were "trifles light ;is air," as had been ad-
mitted by the Hots. anti Learned Gentleman, the high-
est in her Majesty's legal coutitlence. From the docu-
ments whiilt had appeared on the table of that Muse.
it was evident that the question upon the Liturgy had
not been considered an insurmountable obstacle on as
adjustment. Ile would indeed Mt the Hon. anti Learned
Gentleman whether it was consistent in hint to bear the
proposal to her Majesty, which he did, if be conceived
due question of the Liturgy was 4 point which she origin
not to concede ? This was the more important, because
her 31ajesty had sent down a Message, stating that she
would not accept any provision until the restoration of
her name in the Liturgy. After glancing at the inqeiry
of and theCottucil of lal9, which restricted het
Majesty's intercourse with the late Princess Charlotte,
Mr. Iluskisson proceeded to notice the conduct of her
'Majesty on her late journey to the Continent, observing,
that if she WAS really innocent, no conduct could have
been adopted so calculated to excite suspicion. The
Honorable Gentleman particularly dwelt upon the ad-
vancement of Prevst' sutler very mysterious
circumstances, and the secrecy wfiich was ob-
served respecting him. Mr. finskisaon then al-
luded to the reports which had riven rise to the
Milan Commission; anti contended, that not to take
notice of her Majoy's rotund, would be to disregard
the hest interests of the State. Was he to be told that
the personal honour of the Sovereign anti the dignity of
the Country had no connection with each other: But it
, was et rnes.tly desired by the Ministers that there should
be so disclosure; and the coarse then taken was likely
to promote the honour of the country. This wish of
the Ministers wits supported by comtnnnicationa with
Mr. Brougham himself, who was supposed to know her
Majesty's, siews. After °harrying moms the necessity
1 under which the 31inisters felt themselves to institute
the late proreediegi op the failure of all negotiation.
I Mr. iluakisaoid returned to the motion before the House,
Tice motion. it was admitted, was an endeavour to get
Ministers tint of their sitstationa nntler a vote of censure.
It ass a good piece of generalship, and might be com-
pared to a political battle of ‘Vaterloo. Even if the
present motion failed, it was confidently expected that
its failure noald be sunnier: to the grand object. The
!boons were told that the tables would he covered with
petition's fur a Reiman iu Parliament ; and with this
view there could he no doubt that the Generals, the Ad-
jutants, and the Lnaidirker were called out en mastic to
tight the battle of Reform. The I louse of courte must
meet these Petitions as well as they could. Probably
they wonlil have nothing to thd hunt establish Universal
Suffrage, Annual Parliaments, and Election by Ballot ;
for if those threatened Petitions FllOll4l take another
turn, and differ from each other, the (louse might send
the Petitions toCommiticea, with inatructlons to count
the signatures in favour of each specific reform, the oh-
jert of the various petitions, and report the result. But
with reference to the question of the Liturgy. Mr.
llttakisaon contended that if that point had been
conceded, other points would be raised, and the differ-
ence would he no nearer arrangement than at first. A
restoration of her name would he nothing less than pro-
damming that the Queer. was entitled to humour snit dis-
tinction; that if site was not praiseworthy, she at
least was blameless. It It oald he proclaiming that she
was tit to be the pattern of female virtue, and an ex-
ample for the English sex. Now was that the fair re-
melt of the Inquiry : Ile thought it inswasible for any
reasonable man to say so. Hr had always kit an anxious
desire that this euhject should be brought to a termi-
nation. He tl ttttt glat that Ministers ball taken a line of
coudata triads might have led to u adjustment. Tbe
Queen's legal rights were recogniased; no further pro-
ceedings against her were intended; and with the pro-
vision now before the lionise, he thought those mea-
sures might have ternsinated. Ile begged to repeat
that is Isis opitzion concession upon the quotation of the
Liturgy would have been productive of the worst of
usisrhicfs. Me bad assisted by his vote every measure
%shield had appearance of leading to an adjustment.—
That adjustment had nut taken place ; and the late in-
quiry %hid+ he feared bad loweded the tone of moral
and religions feeling in the country; and the present
metiers was calculated to continue the remembrance of
that inquiry. The lion. Gentleman concluded by apo-
logising for the length at which he lead troubles! the
House ; but declare 4 he could not give his vote against
the motion. without stting the reasons by which he was!
influenced.
Mr. BENNETT declared, that however humbly he
might think of Isiwaelf, he considered that lie should
ahavolon his duty if he slid not express Isis condemna-
tion of the coodoet of his slajrsty's Ministers ; and
that, if he werd to share in their ruin, which their
measures were calculated to briar upon the country,
he should hare the consolation of knowing that he
had entered his solemn protest against those measures.
Vennett then adverted to the proceedings against
her Maietay, which, he said, a ere founded upon gos-
sips tilde tattle. Tide Milan Commission Ise consi-
dered' as a roving commission. holding out to the low-
est inhabitants of Italy the stronsfest inducements to
give information. • Oar enemies. had had an opportu-
nity of laughing at and scorning us in attending to
that infamous ribaldry which the Law Officers of the
Crown had dared to vomit forth at the Bar of the House
of horde. What elfeet (Mr. B. asked) could such a Com-
mission hare, bat that of bringing the Queen to Beg.
land to meet the charges ? Put out of the Liturgy,
excommunicated in substance, sad insulted by the
swarm of lianoverian animals that surrounded her,
she could take no other step bet that of returning le
&slant'. On the Mon sits was met by that offer
which site indignantly refused. Then followed the
scene whirls has no parallel, and the miserable course-
qmsnee of which we are now suffering. If one fortieth
part of the trash were tree, the Miaiaters ought to be
impeached for what they hail offered her. Thew bad
offered, her the vote of Parliament, and the means
of coodinnine her licentioesne.s. There was how-
ever, one circumstance about the transaction which he
hoped It wild he explained by an Hon. Gentleman, late
Preaitleat of the Board of Control. That Honcodrable
Gentleman knew the evidence which was to be adducedl
against her, and yet he called her the grace, the life,
and ornament of society, and declared that be felt thel
strongest attachment and affection for her.
Honetwalde Gentles's:sot then observed upon that part of
the evitleneeagainst her Majesty, which related to her
stay at 'friestroand shoed that he heard the Lord Chao-
cellnr hitnself tievisie that that part of the cage against
41Vell was morally though not legally disproved ;
and this ft, (Mr. II.) prAlleel ass (Alt TOCllllell of the


0
S t f

•

e
ers
• muore to tarnish
_ aatisiadite
of the
.etst
of that
nd
ntil: drear:itil4
res e
the rnll th' :.leolhaordioam
lit toYf i.e.:trn
e:orffiaattahhdefe;
say be eqns'olered that the km
in the estimnation of all liberal-minded morn. The
wl* pourable
icof hnl
et milliMinlieell:tiecberstcirmtmsrut'leolt:tedvonenxitaleliteilimutitoiz.-4i'vtl]i:Pritarlitei:opli.ereil'oliiii:wietbetialliieeniddCiis:peisiefearreligegi
from them, as holding opinions dangerous to time Coa.
a. slant
143atentr wolemeeiternertresm,
it
lasliii-facteorrueeldigfirooamlithade
nts.
conduct of the heads of It, and the whole was charge.
.able to Government for having thrown that lirebramilins
the country. A Hight lion. tientleman had thought lit
to declare, that there was a base anal desperate faesiad
in time country, whose only aim was to overth
• row she
Government. He said also that he, hid no doing that
ilhis faction would as soon turn a.ea [lst the (beta if
!they thought they could gain any thing by it. tie slid
nut know altogether what was meant by these epithets;
but he knew very well if he were called on to point out
a faction which did so turn (baying used the Qieea for
a stepping-stonr,) hr bad not fie to look for it. Ide
thought that no other set of men than thase now is Ael..
ministration woolsl ever so hive lost themselves, male,
honour and character of their Kinn. and co:utter. Irvin
ail they could fur time last str munttif to embroil every
class in the State against the other. The Government
was disgraced and siegr tiled to twat point, that he rand
not if the first eleven persons • . he met with in the
street took their 'slaves, the coitiory could not but be
benefited‘bYltiLeß said,
cha I
he ctl .—t(.l
ol:":1 4li.
Mr. ►Y.Passure the 'louse that
it was not his intention to detain the House long; het
as a Member of his Ma;esty's oernineast be couch
not sit silent under the do ro.s wdwit on this anti the
last night had been hronelst forward. against the Ad-
ministration. Ile felt himself obliged to tlic
Lord who had brought f,rwarsl this motion, and to
the lion. slember who som•onsied it, for the distinct and
candid avowal of their sihjert. [:tun a fornwr Kra-
skin some doubt sleight be entertained upon tie sub-
ject, but it was now finite ollcions,intleed it wa• fairy
avowed, that time gccat ;di rpose fur which thi'moties
was brought forms aril, was to effect the dissuission of
his Majesty's Ministers. As to the motion itself it was
a secondary consideration, it was merely a vehicle
chosen to produce time desired change, and itinloubt-
edly it was well chosen, because it would carry xith it
a stronger force than any other that could have bees
selected. lint the Nimble Lord, and the Hon. Mem-
ber, were not doing :my thing new upon this occasion,
they were only sliming that which they hail been doing
ever since time present administration had been foramen.
There was scarcely one of the eflicient arts of
admsws-
tratiun fur the last tea years. n imich time lion. Gentlemen
opposite to him had nut opposed, and far they
would not have been trite as readi to pass a vote of coos
sore upon Ministers as they were upon the presnin oces-
Mon. It was important that the [louse should hear this
in mind, because when Gentlemen su loudly exclaimed
that the conduct of Ministers fair the haft SIX months
deserved all the censure it was now endeavoured tam heap
on their heads, it was but fair to ask is 'wilier those ties-
thinien ever entertained any other opinion, and whether
they had not been, at all times, arid urn all occasions,
equally violent in their opposition--equally loud in their
censures—and equally anxious to effect time removal of
time present Ministers ? (I tear, hear.)—lle would Ink
%sheltie; the lientlemen opposite to him inail not held this
language even upon occasion's when it Was gni ie olivioem
that time sense of time country was decidedly smith
Mania
ters, be did not mean of the whole conntry,isecanse it was
certainly true that the present Ministers never has" the
good fortnue to possess the confidence,or obtain time ippr,
bation of the gentlemen on the other side of the Moose. It
was not his intent:3l' to' toterat largeiistotlietlefeace uf tile
conduct el his Majesty's Ministers, 1/1.4%1WW the house bad
already beard that cowing-I most satisfacturjv and tri-
umphantly vindicated, amid lie mild not itisis to weaken
time effert of speeches it Lich must have made a sleep im-
pression upon time Utilise, bolt there were some points
that had been urged which he could not pass over with-
out notice. In the em irs'. of this debate some
rations had been nook and si.nie doctrines !aid 'long
which were finite new to him, and which he believed
were equally DPW to a vreat lii;ajoritv of that floor. It
bad been stated by the Frainisers anti supporters of this
motion, that it was indifferent to them tilos...her it met
with time approbation of time House:sr war imas,
terial to them whether time lliolstem 3 possessed the co -
&knee of the 'louse of Commons, or nut the con
desire which those Gen 11.1111.11 wished to obtain was 4
that of the Commons [louse of Parliament, but of a cer-
tain class of people out of doers, who were always noir
to oppose Ministers. The opinion of the Housiefl'ess-
motsa wits now for the first time declared to be of as iss-
portance•—it was of no avail that the lientleseen diet
Mouse olerotrot their time and their faculties to the is-
vestigation of this great question ; their decision was
worth nothing in the opinion of the Headmen on the
other side; that is to say, If their decision happened to 14
in favour of \Holsters. It was suite new Wheat it stated
in that House that it was of no Importance that the Min
nisters of the ('rown should possess time confidence of the
Representatives of the People—of the Constitutional
Guardians of their rights. Hut it was very extraorifinssy
toohserve the great vacillation oldie Whigs upon this;ms
•
well as upon other sit:mjects. lie teas Oki • Pnt: to r•
member that Air. Fon(whoseasithority time Whigs mconl.F
surely not disavow) had moat strennonsly contended is
that house that the opistioess .of the pee eesnlrf only
fairly sought, and really found in that lonise ; the sac'
censors of Mr. Fox, the ' Whigs of the present day,
main-
tained directly time reverse a that proposition; they
contended that the opinion of time people could only to-
found not of doors, and that it was to I,e soneht for from
o,:nalectsisnil;isisi-t,Ltsedd fromtbe (I,ll:sit:tiri,stioi Mr.
insroi:ctmen,sit.
bat he was Po unwilling that it l slomlil be mane
to the people to know it hat their opinion was. that II?
proposed att Address to his Majesty. praying him not se
dissolve Parliament. It happened at that time that the
oppeairtoontohfritilimewpaeis
wlal:.tirso.:ti;veda.umstr:
Pitts power was est:114:111ml,
and the 11'14s irretrie”
bly miricateil. lie was spite sure that no Minister cold
exist iv this country who slid not possess the confitionit
of ti e House of Coisiamsons, soil, in the true sense of ie
t
'Tur, the istflletlt• of tile peoe. NO Mitli,ters 011.
Andd reallyt i lost they confidence ofthe people esinld long,
Wain the support of time House of Con.mon4.
aa
-Asia must alwiLys be the case as long as toe
llmmn
Of Commons was constitntial as it !'••w
It Ina; true, tl•st, in point of theory. many
eight he :node to time cenntruclion of time linese of
t •
7 susioilegnfsfaa;ierily.yieti lees, m all
siasotrosi
it its
0, limar am. iprotno
en tt' taints
'seats in that 'loose, be was convinced that it coin:.
be improved by any plan that time nit of marm clod I
vise, lie felt mock phased with the unswil givem:l
the Hon. iticuther for Devizes, who, in answer to an..u'r
serration that he was returned liv about twenirifir..
h
w m
rosners:he wa
replieds retain
im i w that nithoans nutgts the
re syhcn h' heiannem. b
yeer of vnten 1,
took his stet in that flange, Ile slid sis not ensimier.'"lll.,...
merely as the Reps esentatke of that partieni- r

• - t‘
, . .
.1 ~.
. . ,
I
' A • Abk • •
were whole. On the %hole he ci
—....----
- i-- ----- -- -- -- —-- • . ---
-, _
..
lle House, could not be then entered upon at that e. c e !b. eyed tl ni lute y inn. ot eu ... I I 4 1-1, g . ) contended .t t . be..
ritesetinz thingiolveier ci neer I w -perfectly •01, i advising the . .wn, up r ill for office, and that they had
length which its nature required, and therefore he a rg'
the establislunent of the Milan Commis.ion,which,as men the circumstances, to exclude her Majesty's name from honour, and liiwer the Stan
would not go into it at all. But every one was re v
ad- therilltri ballad to explain. That was,the tint, anrftleh It the Liturgy, feeterthatitslasertlara tut matter-of country than the works 431
to inquire, being, as st•.! now were, in the sixth year of was instituted.r(lipar, front Lord Castlereagli.),The time grace and . favor. lisefeiring to the proceedings of the writers of sedition. With
peace, why there was no one interest of the country was, the very moment of the Prinzess Charlotte's tChath ; Upper Moose, he Mr. iluidciasell) ob.sietsd, that he Clergy, much as be reverer
..I.- ......—.1......{..thar tin. ;n flip patinlalnin ter lin lib
divisions io. that Hausa far the .Ita was compelled to eq I
is. ulUiaLl_atase a4kaaata notoriously suspicions nature. Neither was dip not rely upwa_Alta
.. ,__...... NE i ai4t 4 responsible ourposedileciding. either upon the legality of the Bill taken by the Nlinistets of I
_ .

•
ask
the
the
404
)f the
land,
Ted
it Ho.
Isehie(
,:tergy
%mitre
littered
Cos.
e nth.
:barge.
netlehe
iKht k
feetiod
m the
4 tbat
iteen if
lie did
)ithete;
bid oat
lees tier
it. lie
is M.
IMO*
tryiat
I every
.rnment
n• nand
in the
but be
„t. .t_.

-
y with Moir.
because it was
newer had the
ain the appro.
the House. It
!defence of the
the house had
turily alit tri•
sh to weak,.
de a deep.iar-
e some points
ass neer whit-
e some decla-
res laid 'lowa
Is he believed
Bat Muse. It
porters of this
heiher it wet
—t. was 101010
essed the
not the con i•
obtain was a it
it, but as err-
e alva ays ready
Mouse oft:on-
to he of me W-
afted:en of that
'hies to the iv-
r derision owl
OtICOOT. on the
happened to be
to hear it stoat
ce that the Hi-
onfhlenre attic
Constitutional
y extraordinary
Iv. upon thisat
enough to rC'
le Whigs wont*
y contended in
esanht only he
onse • the enc•
sent mail..
'position ; they
✓oula only 1.0
soweht fort ohs
Mr. Fox not
ad just atatr.l,
hunhi be was:
n way. that he
ring his not so
st time that the
r. Foes ; as •F•
I di•aalveci, sr. •
'legs irretriera•
o Minister (*Ai
s the confide*
true sense of the
Ministers aloe
ople weld loot
COP:O1011111. 1101
as the floor
it non*
many Object
w Manse of l'es•
Hied s, in afor*l•
ions of profit I*
talents to Weis
that it resold rte
of was cola &-
answer ewe 11
;mower to no •11'
bout tweerrr
wr of soon kr,
ret Oleo be ace
entsider.kinrrif
paeticalir ph",
