
Mr. SIIAW LEFEYRE suggested the propriety
of a still longer Adjonroment. , .
lord CASTERg L&G.II said awe was some very
erg'ent bwainess, ,which reedited it Asisirable that that
AdjOerstisent.shavid cot be for-. a longer period.—;.
04,f hiere was a motion,. and ooly one, of s Noble Lerds
which Mood for Thursday ; if that Noble Lord's
-motion nook, Ito ailupeeed.al, hay obogki propose: the
Adjournment, for to-userrow.
Sir R. HERON. presented Vetltioes from the Car-
riers of Law* and Gainshorougb pleat the 140110.0 f.
Tea. . •• .
. .. _EQAT.GATIoN. . .
• - i
Mr. BROUGHAM moved far key. to briaol.ll
Bill to appoint Commission's, to enquire into Ilk
abuses iii Charities connected. with Education b.]
England sod Wales. . 91
Mr. T. COURTENAY asked if It was not theist-
teution of the Honourable Gentleman to eateosLtlntil
enquiries to all Charities? • 1
1
Mr. ugompad said, he was not .autiiinizild
at prose:wt. go beyond the Charities connected *illi
Education, b But either when the Bill was brongla
In, or, in.: the progress of it, in case it should Ipe
iliought•fil, a very small alteration might extend it
.to all Charities. ,
The SPEAKER observed, that it might be fOund
difficult to alter the Bill, which ought to eones*:4lth
the ltesolistion. . • .
A(turf*ne.obserVetions from Mr. B. BAnitititz,
MI f..W4t,nEstroncsi and Mr. BIL9IIGUAM, ItiVe. viks;
eccordi ugly given. • I
I i. ;

. • - • DEFA U , • •
Mr. BROUGHAM said, he pvs nstice of a Mo.
tion, counected with the Assessed and rather Taxes-
On the subject of tith default-of local Officers, hat ha
had deferred it till after the holidays, consequence
of a commuttication with the Right lionourable the.
Chancellor at the Exchequer. Uuderiptending, how-
ever, that he hid no objection to the.production of
the Circular from the 'Dm-office, of the lit of De-
cember last, he should now move for that paper. lie
should also move for in account of the particular Dis-
tricts, and the Defaulters, to which-that Circular al-
Wed.
. The CHANCELLOR. of the EXCHEQUER.
stated, that he had no:objection to the production of
the Circular ; bat not being aware of that Honour.
,able and Learned Gentleman's intention to, move for
Illtrliting beyond that, he was not prepareil at pre-
lent to agree to hit second Motion. 3
.. 111 r. BROUG RANI !aid, he should confine himself
at present to the Circalar, hut after the holidays tie
should call the attention of the House to the abuses in
the collection of the Assessed Tam, and to Defaul-
ter,. He wished, however, at present, to call the at-
tention of the Right Honourable Gentlemen to one
branch of Defaulters, through whom great injustice
bad happened—and he did it that the Right Honour:
able Gent knout might apply his mind to the staled
during the holidays. It was a very 4. bardshiV
that persons should he exposed to pay their taxes
twice over, from the embezzlement of some Defaut.
ler. In general the persons who collected tales alight
be said to be chosen, in some degree, by the persons
paying fuses. But this was not always the case; and!
it wet a great hardship that persons, who hid no con-1
trial over Collectors, should atilt be liable for De-
faulters. lie alluded particularly to the case of ..late
Defaulter in thettedsance Deportment, who had ab-
sconded with 20,0001. in his hands, in consequence
many Military and Civil Officers, and, in:particular,
amity Half-pay Officers, had considerable sums to
pay over again. There perms had no coutrool over
tree appointment of this Walther, and yet 'they were
liable fur him. Of all men Half-pay Officers were
least stile to bear such a loss. How this person could
Ile allowed to have so large a balance inland, he was
at a loss to know—he hoped it was not through fa- I
tour.
The motion, that there be laid before the Rom a
Copy of the Circular fatter from the Tax-office, of
the let December, 1817, was then agreed to. ,
Sir JOHN -NEWPORT moved for an hecoent
of the several Unions of Parishes which had been
effected in Ireland by the Lord Lieutenant in Council,
under- the Act of t George I. and sabsequent Irish
Statutes, specifying the dates, Dames of Parishes
upited, and Dioceses • and for a 'similar Argoept of
the Parishes disunited by the Lord Lieutenant in
Council, under the 2 George 1., the 1 George 11.,
and subsequent Irish Statutes, with similar specifics-
dims. His reason foe moving for these Paper was,
that the House might see to what *trent the union
of. Parishes, in consequence of the :nervosa of Pastur-
age, had been carried. When this state of things
cheated, a great conversion from pasture land to
till g, took pleee, the religious worship of the cots.
try required different measures.
Mr. BROUGHAM wished to ask the Chancelier,
of the. Eactiequer, whether the Order cespecting the'
Property Tax. Reterns had been obeyed ? .
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUEB.,
answered in an inaudible tone of voice. . I
BROUG II Ahl said, since the last tievp.lho
bed spoken ou this subject, he had received.lS pr.
ten made by a very worthy Glergyreawi wheal
come, he was sorry to see, was ender the 1001.
though be bad thought it higher.
S‘VING BANKS.

•

The CllANCkl.i.thi of the EXCIIEQVER
said, he rose to mole fur leave to bring in a Bill -to
amend the Act relative to Saving Banks. His chief
object was, to remove some technical difficulties in
the Act, as it now stood. lie congratulated the•
House and the•country on the prosperous state et,
these most useful iastitations.—(lkar, hear !)-lle
could now state from a paper which he held ia his
hand, that the actual amount of the monies depo-
sited in the Saving flanks of England, Prom the 6th
of August to the tat of this month, was-657,0001.
General THORN EON impressed himself in terms
of great approbation at the state of those Banks ; bet
' he wished so high a rate of interest as the debeolores
*ow boat, should not be granted ; bosses. it might
hereafter have injurious effects on the feeds. The
poor only wanted to have their money in oaf. tum-
Lady ; and did nor desire any interest. •
Sir JOHN NEWPORT differed is °piston from
the loomed Gentleman, whose proposal woeld bee
tleatb.blow too system, that, of all ethers, bad tbe
• greatest possible 'tint in producing habits of sobrie.
ty and fregolity among the lower orders of the Peo-
ple; turd the gratitude of the couotry was duo to the
'Chancellor of the Esslicquer fur giving the amity

_ S'rATFSMAM.

.

•
of Govoroasont to the little gasbags laid op in these
Banks& --
bir.-13ABIN(OON highly 'wowed of4wilit fell
frier' lb. iilon. Beronet, but he'had tw,obsirsao, that
mobil lithelpeOlaititite arose from the "high tato of
, •
Interest ; for,
.fro sn that cause, stony persons of pro.
potty had pet money I. the Bank 4, for the sake of
llorlotenot. Ite knew .r hie Geitlinvin; iiert
40,0091.,puttitt4 stuns Into !potent Banks in the
own! of his child;en. lie Itopo,•.therefore, that
Ap, bet poor labouring parlsnis would be allowed'
.torht money in these Banks..
..--111ti THOMPSON said, he_ knew Of many per.
s.possessing ivrge property, 'lobe .had pot money-
foto these Banks in ne,name of their children ; they
deposited the Antnv in different Banks. This were an
ow which ought .to be provided against by the
, Chemin,. of the Eschequer, in the present Bill.
Leave wargiven to bring in the Bill.
The CAIANCELLOR of the EiCHEete trigt
snored for an. Accoont of the :amp vested in Savies'.
Maks up to the present time.—Ordered.
•
. . NAVY F.BTIMATF.S.
Mr. BROGDEN Nought up the Repays of the Navy tell-.
aniatei; end OA the grins ism-that the Report be agreed to.
Mrs t'oll. HES took oerasiea to complaia of the died% antaget
which wounded naval Akers labour•11 under. compared an 1
of the army, in regasd to the pensions they received. • He also
thought it peculiarly hard. that a number of persons, is he hist
.served several 'yeah as pursers, punerse'eleste,.. alai rowans'
clerks in the Navy. should be tamed-adrift apeq.ilt_ world,
without any provision, or means of impplet ; eel* the trlaink
Wtvanee given to these pursers who Mid piersiestc seas gamily hat
iiklequare to 'heir support. • • '•
s. Mr. CILOK ER enneeived that the Ilea: nee Naiad now
information OH thi% isithjeCt and no ignolowee- en. don. aolijeet
Yrould be to misceievois. as that winch Hpp. (,:epttentiad
14,boured tinder. N oohing could be inure asisehirvous 'fiCiti/hx.
Insinuation thrimett nut by him, that the Na'vy waim:nic s.nsiser-
itient td the Army. A prirently the half pay :of. a
.tlyee, was, is a very vta,.:l .11eigree inferior to this. of an MN;
verse the Amy, officers neat no, n'eeiviug promo-
ton, by seniontsl, sitat the operation of li ney nwr lo every ad- 1
ranee they had view adv.:ince of hal -pay, white the (Ores' fo
tie Army stones still a Phout hey advance ill nails or half-pay
inid therefore if there
.% a-any Ottlerrner, it we More' Ilesoarable
to the Navy than to the '.kriay. Tate anittelqo the of the'
parsers was still more eoncluvive. There %trent, snore than tat.
or 311.1 pursers having ship's, Some of the purser. had as., someits..
aid the higheia clam. iteinvy, Go. half-pay; deride, lacy a eietast
naval or mill:my characters; they were pen-sad-ink mesa; antis
whale they were in sender, they had the means of makingsSaus
siderahle faults. With repot to pursers' clerks, there a el-4 NJ
sozh persons as passer.' clerks; there were parsers. stetvardh
alio Kure 01110116011 seamen, whose Moines is was to cut' liae.
cheese and deal out the swim; and at to eapasime clerks, they
were only private Serums, who could have no pletensioes to
ant thing like-rank on. half-pay. It was impossible for any
Bilard of Admiralty to be more awsions to promote the Coln.
forts of all personsempleyed ha the Navy, than the present.—
This Board had done services ;which . the ffavy 'never exited
awed before ; and none ever had the maw means of *au so
before. It was rather bard, that an . Homsurahte tientletaan,
who did ant know the ditferencc between a capita'''. clerk and
a parser': tite%vard,Should come and arraign the Admiralty ea he
had now dime. ,•
Mr. MONEY pmnottered a warm panegyric tie the ItcAz
which *considered more emitted lathe gratitude of the
try, than it now enjoyed; and when we were voting large
for the emeaeipation of Africa. slaves, it was onsecuvatobla
to think. that we should send destitute upon the world. Vinse
brave mea tab had eautrihnted to extirpate the very ours*
state of slavery that ever existed.
Mr. HUSK ISSON 'observed. that the Honourable Gramma
spoke as if the gory of the Navy*had *eh 'known only oisa
for titian! time, to that floisse; and as to site rewards gi.ela
to the Navy, for their hate sweep is extirpaitegslavery, the
jleoureble Gentleman shoald recpUect, that she victors tof AI-1
gkrs, in adenine too their pay and prlie•nitiney; Iliad *echoed,
from the Crown she sum tat 1a11.00.0. Nothing .was, maietalse
is arguyteat, and 'nisch ievuos . its. eonselaeaces. than these
I frequent comparisons between the Army and the Nati: The
advantages at- the Navy daring the hail war, were 'fie7onii All.
former example, with regard tit the hranciarqoantitysof prize.
money gained by those. who served tit it ; as edithatage which
never belonged to the Army. Beside, 'the Naval .otheers ob-
tained their entamh-tons *Wrier purchase, selsibis- war not the
ease in the Army. " The assumption, therefore, that a partiality,
one shown In ne serriee in preference as was as un-
just, as it was injurious to the public auerest. •
*Mr. FOR HIS. its reply, eumesoded, that he was correct in his
fanner statements; and declared," that as long its hetiad a seta
in that Haase, he would point oar the hardship* of Naval OM.
errs, without hying awed bj the high tone of the Hon. *ere-
ereatry apposite.
Mr. CROILE,It said. be should trouble the House with only
,a word, at a moateat when in very few filenthers.were present. '
lie had not denied the right of the Hon. Member who had just
wit down, to discuss, its the inmost detail, the items of the Re-
port ; be only said, that the *raper occasion would be in afu
Lure stage. when he should readily meet all the arguments and
assertions of the lion. Member, and satisfy the House, if not the
Hon. klembed, that they Were wholly groundles,
The Report was thee agreed to, with the exception of the
item for a compensation so the. High Bailiff of Westminster,
which, on the Malkin af the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER. was postponed to Monday, the 6th of April.
On the Report of the Bill . for Building new Churches being
brought tip.
Mr. BROWN Ohjerted to the clause depriving the liertor'of
the power of removing the Ciliate, aid coubding that power to
the Rizhap of the diocese.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCiI EQUER. after observing
'that it woulstbe proper to enter intisqueettions of skate detail.
at a further stage a the Bill, staled, that the law. was-its mo.t.
sews mealy the same as at present.
- Mr. GRANT was happy to hear that Ike measure would be
eillended to Scotland, as there were parishes there 6u miles Wig
aod S 0 miles broad. ,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, there was
tae indispositon to exhort the ineesure to Scotland, add shat the
subject would be immediately Wins into ronvideralion. A
misconception had takes' place that she Bill was that to heap-
plied to parishes of less than 10,000 inhabitants. It was not in-
tended to confine its operettas. but to do all that could *done.
Mr; w I USER r()RcE said, that justice as .041 as policy re-
quired the el/cession of gals measere to Scotland; there was iso
better way at speeding the public maser.
Mr. FOR thought nstioey this had oat well speat, aid
wished that more were so applied.
Mr. BA HI NGTON.Approved of the measure, for which sac
mitlina of Exchequer Bills were 'hen voted.
To saarstiota put by General THORNTON, the CH A N
Lin of the EXCHEQUER replied. that the proposed divestou
.of parishes could only be for Ecclesiastical, and not for civil
;tarpons.
- The Bill for ameadiag the S-ving Banks' Bill was read a first.
dad seeobd time, sad ordered to comesitted,ps-mnetow. *.
_ the Ast.for cotiolidatiog the Ciamomspasasd ibrotigli Coda-
Rime." Report to-morrow.
The Irish Jail Fees' Abolition Bill was reed-a• second time,
and ordered tube committed me the 6th of April.
Atotiroed at half-p. 4 ten.

Folutza APPROJCIIES to the NORTH pout.

Colonel Beaumont, is his edition of the work, of
the Hon. Daines Barrington, upon the possibility of
epproaching the North Pole, after recording, at some
length, the different latitudes, which are said to have
been reached by navigators.referted to, recapitulates
them as follows, taking credit for nearly a degree to
the north of their steers! situations, because the
blink or glare of the packed ice is distinguishable at
this distance when the weather is pretty fair.
sire. min.
Captain John Read .. . 80 45
Captain Thema. Robinson (for three weeks) 81
Captain John Phillips 81 odd ruin.
Jades Hatton. Jonsaban Wheatiey, :Thomas Ro-
binson, Jolts Clarke (four instances) 81 30
Ceptalos °tepee and Thew (two instances) 8t
Climy and David Boyd (two lostances) 82 oddmin.
. Sir. George Ware NY 15
Mr. Jahn Adams sad kr. James Montgomery
(two instances) 83
Mr. James Watt, Lieirtenitat R. N. . 83 90

Five ships is company with Hags Derrick 86
Captain Johnson and. Drs Dallis. (two instances)
to which, wimps, many be added Captain
Monson as a third) .. as
Relation of the two Dutch Masten to Captain
Gooldea . 89
Dutch relating to Mr. Grey le Si
