'TUE STATISMAN.

I

r;

I,

all.the calamities Of war.
" Let the Sovereigns bestow at least' some atten-
tioa to their own interests. When every thing shall
be'roitied and devastated around their armies, how

will they find means of subsistence ? Is there no
danger in dispersing the troops ? All arms will not be

taken away, and arms, of all sorts, are murderous
in the hands of despair. With respect to warlike
contributions, what new sacrifice can be demanded
wriere retery thing has already been destroyed by the
soldier? With respect to armed force, when once
discipline is relaxed, it is cot easily re-established.
" Germany is far from expecting, after a glorious
catnpaign, to receive be& her soldiers, corrupted by
spirit of licentiousness, rapine, and pillage.
" This war ought to have been in every respect
distinguished from others, instead of imitating and
surphssing ill France the excesses agaiost which the
Sovereigns took up arms.—Will their glory even be
satisfied ? On our part we have done whatever they
desired ; and oti their part, every thing which had!
been announced to the world is fulfilled, one points
excepted. What a contrast between what is actn..l
al/y passing and their solemn promises? This is that
sge of reason and justice, and the public opinion i
never had more power. Who can explain such ex-
cessive evils after such promises of moderation ? The
present war was undertaken to serve the cense of le.
itimacy. Is this manner of carrying an war cairn- !
fated to render the authority of your Majesty more
4aered ?
46 They were desiroos of punishing the intli'vidual j
who sported with the calamities of nations, and they I
inflict on France the same violence, the same hike.;
inanity. It was thought by all Europe that the entry
of the Sovereigns into Paris isould put an end to the
war. What will be thought on learning that it was
then only that the excesses of oppression commenced,
without combats, and without resistance? The evils
which we are reproached with having inflicted on !-
others, were never so great ; they never took place'
when the use of arms had on object ; and though it '
were true, that we had given the first examples of
such an abu.e of force, ought they to imitate what
they impute to as as a crime? •
" It is known in the North, it is known in Prus-
sia, that our want of moderation gave birth to rue--
gy, and public spirit in our enemies. There will no
longer be any end to the evils of humanity; if mu.
tual vengeances are to become the rule of war, for
stations uever die.
'1

-

~~

Arr.

Mails. • •

ANSWER or TUE Flt MINISTERS To vas OFFI-
CI AL NOTE or ran: ALLIED SOVEREIGNS.

" The King's 111iiiisftrs have received the Official
Nora addressed to them by the Ministers of the Al-
lied Powers. 'Tile tatter wish to persuade the King's
Minister 4 that the IltelS:Hl'S which they have COM..
munivaled to the Government of Paris, are such as
Intribute cii"mish the exactions of the war

44 It Is oex-ors to think that this state of things owe it to tgo Soyereigps, to France, and to them-
orieinerrs in the error of some Cabinets, in the jutig- selves, to plain themseirvarlen!ftsist- aniscegt...., The
mews I •rmed by them on the situation of France. Sorereignsf,Anobtletei, are 1e "mailers, bu an do
T;Ly feirtlngeet off nil their desires depends on them- whatever /tie,. desire; but tr any rale let them not
seises alone. There are no sneriftevs to %%hid' an say, that iii taking t very stttp ealculgted 11) ruin the
enli,,llitened people will nut submit, when they see cause of his Majesty, that they Isiah to confer any
the object for Nt With they are exacted, and (hiding farouTis4 Mm. There Is already in France too much
them tyre means of!avoitlifig greater calamities.— • odium and ill with aglifsq the Bhor4cons,, to render
Suct is Um. disposition, such tuo wish of every French- it necessary still more to revolt every heart by making
. . ...
enarf: "• •• ---.' -- • the nation experience the greatest losses and the
4.6 ' ' hand, ‘sh ,b- - - - ......
- ,

..Ektt...if they, on the other wish to of - !deepest humiliations. What humiliation can be more
taio preparatory measures for unknown plani,. they !afflicting thati In see in a time of peace all the de-
denssirl a thing impossible. There 19'10 such thing pal twos subjnied to your Military Governors—
as Mina ohnßjanCe In Fiance. The Powers have not what misfortune-more to be deprecated than the tiis-
,et published any of thkr designs ; •no one knows persion of your troops over the whole face of the
idea he oligkr to ttntertain of. the Goy ?cameo, 'cowry ? Tile Sovereigns declared that they only
of the aethority of yfiar Majesty, or of the fiitre. made war against Yriorlents,andlet all their measures
4. Anxiety and susiliciou are at their height, and bkie their words, since at the present moment, when
every thing tappears",t,sulijird of terror in the midirt•. the. war ought to be finished, it is only about to
of sigte word would change. commence. The present position of France is so
eveglidispositipa; tlipre v.ould no longer be an ob- much the more afflicting, as were war openly de-
stale to any Measures, irthey made a part of a ge, elated (which it is not), it is utterly impossible that
weral plan which altoold altogether afford some con- she cau suffer in a greater degree all its eriis, and all
cilixtion to Obedience. Its horrors. Every where., wherever the armies are
" flat the Soverecgris then deign to explain them- -(4lways excepting .the English), pillage, fire, rape,
'elves. • Why will they persist in refusing this act of and murder, have been carried to their fullest ex-
j.istice ?, Let them deign to bring forward all their tent ; avarice and vengeance have left nothing for the
demands as so many conditions of the repose of the' officers or boldiers to desire.' To speak with freedom,
netjons, and let our concession to their views make they exceed even the atrocities of which the French
part of's reciprocal treaty) and there will ilo longer armies have been too often justly accused. The
be any difficnlties. I measures, however, alluded to in your Note can
64 The Sovereigns do not, perhaps, tafficientin have no other results than to extend the limits of
remark the circle of embarrassments and obstacles in I this devastation. The armies spread themselves its
which they place both us and themselves. We re. our provinces, and all the horrors which we have
quipe.good order to second them, and their esplatia- depicted follow in their train. Such are the senti-
tion to re-establish good order. Ate they desiroms I meats of the King's Ministers on the new Decree,
of sacrifices which require repartitions and prompt and their answer to the appeal which has been made
obedience? it is only requisite for this purpose, that to them.
the authority of your Majesty should be full and en- " They have the honour to sub'rribe themselves,
tire, nothing is possible, nothing can be executed, if 44 With the highest consideration
peace-does dot existni reality, at least provisionally, to T 4• LE Itit AN 11,
" FOUL H E."
and far from being in a state of peace, we experience

. , - - . • ,
TO CORRESPONDENTC
Itcpcxves Lwow. Iwo beta teerived, nod other communicn-
lions, which shell meet with doe attention.

. ... ~

0* .4•'‘ • Lisboa ...
Gottentiorgli .• • •
Hamburgh - . • -
Holland . •
..,. 1
0
-e
0 •
i
1 1
FraeCe A** •• t ,

ST. RUTH 0 LON IlleiltOfilitir a a►: Piebife dift4:l, *

THE STATESMAN.

" TOur Majesty will deign to permit me to insist eerily. The fellowilig official letter proclaims a'
on one final consideration.—Se long as France shall triumph which will certainly not tend to confirm the
have any thing to preserve, by the hope of maintain- ,
ing its integrity as a nation, no sacrifice will be im- }Tench in the belief that BONApARTE spoke falsehood
to them for his own purposes, when he told them in
possible, and all the plans of au equitable policy may
be executed; but the day in which the inhabitants the Champ de Mai, that one of the objects of the
shalt bare lost eve thing, in which their ruin shall Allies was to take from them their northern fortresses,
be consemmated, anew order of things—a new series
and if not to partition France like Poland and Saxony,
of events will be seen to arise, because there will no
longer be either Government or obedience. A blind to lay it open to future invasion.
fury will take the place of resignation. They will j BRUSSELS, Ago. 20.—We have just been honoured
only seek counsel in despair; on bath sides there will with the follovilng letter
be ravage—pillage will make war on pillage. Every " I inform you by the present letter that the for.'
step of the foreign soldiers will be marked with
tress of Roeroi surrendered yesterday at noon to my
Wood. France will be less ashamed of destroying •
herself than in allmaing herself to be destroyed by i army.
others ;—the moment approaches ;—already the na- I " The clay before yesterday, in the evening, the
lions, spirit takes this frightful direction ;—the most trenches were opened at the distance of 300 paces
oppr.eite parties are blending into one—La Vendee from the fortress. After a bombardment of four
I,ieif invites its colours with those of the army. fit
hours the town surrendered upon the same conditions
this excess of evils what line of conduct remains to
your Majesiv hut that of removal ? The public funs-
as were granted to Landrecies and Philippeville.—
tionarieS, in the same manner, Will quit their places, Rocroi was defended by 39 pieces of cannon.
end the armies of the S, vereigns will then be at issue I-lead-quarters at Maubert Fontaine, Aug. 17.
with iedisideals fired from ail social ties. I " AUGUSTUS Prince of PRUSSIA.
'4 A no'ku of :tu Millions of inhabitants may nn. I e 're the Editor of tkelaergal de la Belgium."
stoubtedly cii..appoar from the face of the earth, but I
Huninguen still bolds out most manfully, but
in this wee of man to man, the • oppressed and (heir'
many of the people In the place have been killed
vanquishers will lie together in inure than one grave.
FOUCJIE." ,by the !iambi( rdmeut. The Austrianiare assisted by
the mercenary Swiss in their efforts to possess them-
selvesof this fortress. • Austria appears extremely
solicitous of enlarging her dominions on the Swiss
side. flow long can the little Republic of Swit-
zerland expect to exist amidst this rage to re-establish
ancient monarchies, and destroy every vestige of po-
pular freedom? The frillewing article from Basle
he - eretteedii in that

y;.~"

dome days east, and agiin thistnornit,g, alizielk fie*
.• • 1
upon Bourglibre and Neudorf Bash! alon*,ll**.iteeti
, •
spared. Our alarms still remain. All brandy, oily
and its general all combustibles, have- been tensoved
from the Magazines and the Custorn-house. *BAft-
ucmcrtnE has threatened as with a freth bombard-
ment if our Chassenra do not quit the right bank. •
Yesterday the Austtinns and the ioiss kept op a
brisk fire against Iluningurn protected 14 little
'epnalements, our ctasseurs killed many of—the ene-
my's people. The French are.trying to raake a pss-
sage to communicate h:tween the fortress and.the ad-
vanced redoubts.; but thisase:k •is contittual!y
in-
terruptcd.

' • 4

19PrliVILW7W471-71,'
;1,. • •
•

!,•That the labourer, in whatever copicity,
his hire; a unity of interests, and no eq
tof encouragement from the protertios sw
dust's, in all its branches, have been
STATESMAN has insatiably contend d
never will the present Proprietor Of oast
to impress, tlint the happiness of a ceessi,
cay when the means of its prosperity'l,
from their propel. ChTnastis; when Batt
And selfishness, reap. the . rewards of hull
but too successfully practice these anti, wbh
mass from man, and break ,the ineill tip
long as individuals and nations( win
defend upon eleh other,. consisiti 'le
another as strangers, etstinies, OF AC
and the causes of distord and, ullitsppi
, prevail ; whi:st, on the contsery, • Men
more and more their publiciuresests, end
themselves riot merely is the fi.emisra •
communities and distiuct • casts, whose St
never harmonize (a sentiment which le
seldom been the companion of general li
general justice), but as members of the
interested in the progress of humanity,
ceive that every improvement that take! pl.
ever slender, is still a • blessing ; that
which equally embraces all, must advilice
led the interests of all alike, and that mac
the children of a common Father, who
pleased that his gifts should be monopoli:
class, whilst the •hers are starving, or ml
five for distusbitsg the peace and good or
general community. To narrow and ma!
Wks the STATESMAN has ever been a foe
th; isibject of commerce, as much as any r
tern indispensible to public welfare, it mi
the concluding words of Thanes Essay (
lousy of Trade, " I venture to arkstows
not only as a man, but as a British subject,
for the nourishing commerce of termer
Italy, and even France itself."
But every Scylla in politics has a Char',
4 Journalist who makes an appeal to the Public t Neighbourhood ; and we must. remember
,fertioppOrt„ ought not to be indifferent to its favour- cilium ducit culpie fugal, s:-caret ark.
able opinion. The Proprietor of this Paper, in al- Ale there also whom even the love of freedom
Itidieg to the foundations upon which he presumes to I offends?. Who censtree universal benevolence
build his enims to that favourable opinion and sup- very opposite quality, narrow prejudice, as -
Orr which is never withheld from the deserving, noblest of positions, which, whilst it prom,
for the purpose of returning his grateful ackoow- I promote the !Merest bay,:iness of our cos
lodgments for the liberal proofs or row bestowed
II t ) defend its rights end Itherdes. against dor
upon him by the friends of the liberty oitbe.P.resa, l foreign invasion, sighs afro to see every
...
'also have thought pioper to coatis furviardir his t as happy, and prepared to onaititaits their
'support,, and the high sanctiah .given in 'this pertis J ersjoyments,—are there also who can tii
ciliar to the great cause which the StserEssrato ires..verse of sett intism ? What is thelove ,
undeviatingly espoused; the solid giory,thoszseserves which those who conceive that Mere local at.
I
lion of the unvisiopary interests, and thilAillttitios, :constitutes this feeling would have the Owl 5Ati.0.164,
(ions! liberties of the country, cannot Invt,feer it What is Liscountry to a Bastian, a Turks*Fpotsrt
gratified in the conferriplaan that his iulterings.and i but a spot where he enjoy s no right, and is di
labours have not been altogether overlooked ; but it by owners as if he were a beast—wast.is•
•
is not without a degree of pain that he feels him. Aattachment to degradation and stave i? .
self called upon to remote • some' impressions the love of their country among sh • 'Lt.
which are but too apt to be created by en 1 wretched partiality for themselves, ttod a
independent discussion of subjects upon which ,I tempt of other natiOnst kersoOg tile.. Roots
.
a uniformity of opinion cannot be espected.—!.wltat was P, however..great in.. *tiny. of its ,
Perhaps on no subject that has lately agitated ,but a principle holding together a bandistrobl
the public mind . has .a. greater - diverskje-dr. -opi...4sthelr attempts to, crash -all. liberty pitttheir
nion prevailed than-on tlint of Ilter Cora sill, Mir Ithristinnity has wisely omitted to recommei
policy of -which, as a legislative measure, was amply( bigoted principle. Pad it done this it a
discussed in this Paper, with reference -to all the vi. !countenanced a vice among mankind.• IL
tat interests which it so deeply involved; bat car- I what is infinitely better—it has recommended
Minty with no appearance of ill-founded enmity or (sal benevolence. . .
illiberality to any in particular, and as evident and ' Is it conceived that because regret is es
• impartial a wish for the welfare of the whole. The the triumph of despostic power over the fai
circumstance, however, of the voluntary contribution ' Winos of liberty and patriotic wisdom, di
towards indemnifying Mr. LOVELL for his losses and an enemy is espoused, and his projects of ss
privations in the public service, of a Corn Merchant vindicated ? • Is it supposed that freedom wi
.in Liverpool, who has added, it is presumed spor- !the more in one country by 'its utter annihi
lively, .to his signature, that of "An Object of the !Another? Unfortunate misconception
unceasing.. enmity of the STATESMAN," renders it; and •result ! Can moral imarovemen,
necessary that the Editor of this Paper should not or a virtue be expected to survive ti
entirely overlook the prepossession in the Corn Met of all that ages of progressive wisdom
chant's mind, lest it should not be confined to Lim.' queatietl, when Truth and even the mind
It is undoubtedly a convincing proof of the justice fettered in iron by hands that would bi
with which Mr. Los-uses appeal is made, both with stars of Heaven? 0, let not those who not
regard to his exertions in the cause of Liberty, this light and the means of its diffusion,
Truth, and Justice,. independent of his personal assist and glory in its estinctlon ! The caus
losses and sufferings, that those who have conceived ty and of human right is inseparably cons
the principles he has espoused acre inimical to their the fate of their advocates. Its vain will t,
interests, should deem it incumbent upon them to be invoked to give forth their spirit.; a;
give him proofs of their estimation, by affording such wnrlri, v. hen all the powers of Europe sin
aid as may he in their power ; but how any one who despotic; whets those who would have fond!
has perused the pages of the Sraressrass, which has Prowethean lamp, at which all the emus
advocated freedom of commerce, and a liberal en- humsnizing virtues are kindled, shall n:'
couragement to all, as a part of the first concerns of inverted torch ; and, breathing ineffectual
justice, and indispensibly connected with the general their country, prostrate, themselves o.s the
prosperity of this trading Empire, should seriously universal freedom, and
imagine that the Corn-merchants in particular are, 16 Leave the ungrot.,fol wo!ld to slavery nod to I
or have been, objects of the hostility of this Journal,
,_
the Editor is at a loss to comprehend. In pointing out The Pigmy schooner arrived at Plymt
what would certainly have the effect of benefiting egri. llsrbadoes (from whence she sailed on (I
cultures by Improving the country, advantaging the July), brings the following
peditionintelligence:--,s
' Ad an extensive scale, was fittir
tenant, securing and increasing the returns of the Carlisle Bay for she reduction of Goadalo,
landlord, and augmenting the merchant's di.pos- the men of war on the station, consisting I
able wealth, and consequently the general interests sail, and also several merchautniets, were et
•
of the nation, offence may have been given to per. sail about about the 25th. Six thousand
SODS who stand in the way of the natural course of embarking, the troops at Martinique /man; w
by the Black corps, under the direction
all these—persons who are as injurious in their for the expedition, and the garrison duty
offices to the mercantile as to the labouring and Officers. The expedition was under t!se
higher interests, but who are known under an- of siir JAMES Urns and Admiral Doan-m-
-other designation than that of Corn-merchants; It is stated that the Directors have estab:
then an arbitrary qualification for those Ca
yet even here there was no prejudice evinced
vethetofortehieg
but what the motile, and the actual state of the who are desirous to obtain the support of t;
might ha excused.--... Sensible of the neres-
s orderli)Pt for the Directorship ; they mu,
Ihrnets. t
ht
enkh.
cime
tablero ns tom command
ny e
not
appea3oro
in
foreign trader,
watini.ceiciyii.ons

. •

Last night the garrison of lloninguen mules vigo-
rous sally on the side .qf
.Neadorf. This morning
the Governor repeated it in much greater force,' but
was repulsed with loss.
Notices adroitly (brown to the 'outposts, by the
Cohabitants of Neirdorf, are not without effect.

The Austrian General Baron FAscutsto, who has
been to urge the advance of the heavy astallery, is
expected this morning. Some pieces are already ar-
rived, and are going to be mounted on the batteries.
The Officers affirm that the siege will begin on the
11th. Ilis Imperial Highness the Archduke Joutt,
has returned frost Zurich.

We learn that Prince SCUWARTEENBERG and the
Duke of WELLINGTON hare presented to the King
of FRANCE, an energetic note upon the bombard-
ment of Basle.

We have given in another page two important
State Papers, which will serve to show the melan-
choly condition of Louis himself, as well as of his
people.. Both the documents were written and pre-
sented, the first to his Majesty himself, and• The
second to the .Ministers of the Allies, three weeks
ago. For the other fresh articles relative to French
matters we refer to our foreign intelligence.

•
shrimhamtallkaar_

may contribute to uin►inish the exactions of the war,
end to re-evtablish the Royal Aolliorivy. ~•~ aht"a3 haur the operations ace Pra°eadiag to that case; might have excused.--.-
cannot quaker •
King's Nlinisiers, however, unfortunately, sily of Ole encouragement doe
regard these measures in that point of view. They BASLE: ACG. 9.7-llnninguen has continued for without wishing to disparage ti
• •
