• Mai Is.
France
Cadiz

Ail
i 1

I Pair E STOCKS THIS
! Hank 252/1
3 pert enc. Red. 664 6
3 per t.em Con 67413}
per Cents. ell . •
6 per Ce4ll. 941 5
, Long. Arn,l6-16 1.6

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
huhu Bonds 10 11 p .
Exchequer Bills 5 5 p
•
Omnium
Pass ditto 20jUi • •
Cosa()ls for Atm tint 8

THE S7'2ITESISIAN. .

LONDON:

SATURMAT,- APRIL 30, Pll4.

Ministers lave at lengthiummenel the courage to
deciare that the national force or England is to' be.
employed for the purpose of compelling Norway to
submit to slavery. Yes, this land of freedom. where
political and civil liberty are better understood,
more valued„and more perfectly enjoyed, than in
any other nation that exists, or has ever existed, is to
expend the produce of its people's labour, for the ho-
nourahle an2l enlightened, and humane' porpose
1 of forcing the inhabitants of Norway to acquiesce in
their own transfer from one master to anosten,
like so many oxen or swine ; to acqUresce in a
. Treaty, which considers them as brute beasts, and
the consequence of which they therefore justly fear
will tee, their exposure to such tr-alment ns it is
proper only for brute beasts lo receive. This nation,
so celebrated too for the tenderness of heart with
which if feels,and the generositywith which it re:ievec,
the miseries of other countries, will employ starva•
lion as the means of establishing tyranny. We enter
into subscriptions for the suffering Germans—do we 2
We send relief to Russia, to Prussia, to Spain, to
all countries where the ravages of war have extended—,-
do we ? We have dime all this because those coun-
tries fonglit for their independence—have we ? It can
not be for this reason ; for if it were, the Gocern•
ment of England would not dare to tempt the anger.
of the people, by taking means to starve the poor
Norwegians, who are as truly fighting for, thei,r in.
dependence as Russians, Prussians, Austrians, 'or
Spaniards, have been. If our Government is not
compelled, by the overawing dignity of the people's
determined will, to abandon their design against Norr
way, let us never hereafter boast of our love
of liberty ;Jr us never speak of our generosity

• •
