ri gliA!-PgSMA.

. ~ .-~

VlMlarsilit ------ . ,
to 1 Mil ten ;evolved- In the pending negociation, sonal satisfaction of yciur Holiness. t Batter my.
thought it proper to usk, whether we were at present self that, on your side, you will approve of all the
' to be considered* war or peace with Norway ; and I measures which may be thought necessary; in order
also whether an order had been issued to nurcruizers, j that the Provisional Government, which IllitveEittsT
tat prevent any intercouse with that country ? . Upon btished at Rome, may
.cease its fenctions there with
these points he conceived that the House had a right' dignity. • .. „ . • . ~ •
to demand information. - . , I " The persons composing it are entitled tejterticus
ler
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER pro- coosidertflion/.91% account of the zeal which. they.
1 l-
- fessed himself unaware that Norway had been treated . displayed-In diving gond. ' .
• ti I
by thhr,coutatey, in any other way than as an integegl j recomMend, to the ,kindness of yints6,,lirdieess
part of the kingdom at Deamark,-, , -'. . ..' ;4, jell-the Ram= subjects who have seconded the Nett-
- Mr. NVITINiN F. said, that this dadarafrOn VMS not '.politta Administration, especially those 'to whom I
It satisfactory-answer, and if nothing-emirs astiefacHshate granted particular. distinctions. .They owe
tory r.ei e comMenicated by the Right.lion. Gentle.' them entirely to celebrated taloa*: or to . on rOl 0 ,
men, he should Ifeel it his duty to make a Roden i sentimetiti4, or to services whibillatittest 1#0141e..'
upon Ow sublet,. . , illness still more than my Government. n . -,f.;., . , rl
• Aftegigoute,otuve.'atid.a, cry henna for. the Chau. 1 "We pray to God to preserve you, ,st tilfell
celloroplie Exchequer to answer, . ! Feistier, for a long series of years, et t ' head or
Mr. M. L\ NF. Obi' artificeref:a motion for to. I the GovernmeetotuA r. Mother the holy . rah.
lcitiir
usiterott, fur die production .of copies of. any *order.' - '‘‘'.Th.or devoted sons`
. kowat,br our Govermnerit, to pretent itttekcoarse '
.. (Signed) .. ..,.I.OSCHIM NA`bl4ol.
Milt Notitray., . ' ' .." Bologna, April 1."
till ..$lO :
In ptirsuaece .of notice, Mr. GREN , ro .-1-t., '• ,
to.teakeiMite=rvations err the mode adopted, hir I. PARIS, Artit. 2. The following Act artbe 'Oa.-
. • •
the Contiois.' of the Sinking Fund, hi tto .rersitnent has apped :-
6- ' 66 . •
We. Charles Philip of France, Moniker, Lieu-
purchase of stock for the ultimate liquidation!, t
.e }tenant-General et the Kingdom, 60.
- National Debt. . Ile compared the present practice
" Learning with grief that the venerablelgadof the
. firth, else of a;country gentleman, who, wanting to l•
'church, at .the time. when he was dragged. teem Ms
Mile 1t),0001, for the current year, instead of g
immediately to rite money-lenders for that sue!,
its
~capital„ was We stripped of a number of ineignhtled
his steward itito the market to raise `ht Na . ornaments, and even of the sealla used in this ottetche
of the Sovereign Pontificate
' thee has to employ brokers, &c. to dispose islttit;
• 44 Learning also that these articles are deposited
• .overplua. The Commissioners, wanting to raise itiiky 1
i
.j 0 minibus at the beginning of 'the year, sent 22n Paris, and wishing, by the promptitude of a
restitution but. too just, to manifest to th 6 ..Moly.
.103110114 into_ the market to buy stock for the whole
`• Father our zeal and devotion, and to preys yo Pa*
. iiiiar, which necessarily made the purchase more difti-
and to Christendom how much past *scenes
*scenes" and eisadvatitogeous, as in all cases whatever, : rope
have been, and are, far from our thoughts and
the (ability bf purchasing any marketable commodity :
i heart, as .wallas front the thoughts and hearts of the
.depended on the disproportion of the demand to the
Frenchlp
" ;
aleturn of the Stock purchased by the Commis- ply. : The Hon. Member concluded by moving,
, Haying
aying seen the Report of the Provisional Com•S
.. . 1
1 missioners for Religion, and the Council. of State
llOpaies of the Sinking Fund, in the last three years,
*A the' ates and proportions thereof, Bcc. being heard, we have ordered, sod do order as fol.
Mr. IVIIITOII/EAV seconded the motion. lows :--
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, "1. The insignia, ornaments, seals, archives* and
approved •of the motion Of the Hon. Gentleman as' generally, all the articles used by the Holy See, in
'it went to excite enquiry into an important subject, the exercise of the Sovereign Pontificate, which are
at present in Paris or any of the Departments, shall
but he thought the present Tiede tended more bane- Departments,
immediately placed at the disposal of the Holy
,ficially to equalise the. circulatiou of stock in the
See, which shall be entreated to accept theirrestitti-
market. I
ti
Mr. SAMUEL • T . c+.HORNTON opposed the mo.! ""• ,, •
2. The Provisional Commissary of the Depart.
flout which, htsirevir, after some further converse. 1
lion, was "greed to. , . 1 meats of the Interior Brio of Religion is charged with
1 the execution of this order.
Mr. 11.0 SE *Moved for a ' Select Cotiunittee to: i ,
(Signed)
InfiroW se'imighi, to Conaider of the regulations of I
, __the Mltatl- Ouse Bill.—Granted. t •
NEWS FROM TIIE AUSTRI 0-N EAPOLITAN ARMI rs.
• ' MT; PEI.;LE wished to extend the regulations of : I,
•d _ i .....ROM 'COE BANKS OF TUE Tpeo, A PIM 14.—We
thie Bill In Irelind. ; have just heard with grief, through an authentic
Mr. FITZGERALD m that the late events at Paris which are to
snored for leave to bring in . channel, 1
,a Nil to make certain allowances to innkeepers and : give pence to she world„ were still unknown on the ;
`*there who may have troops quartered upon them. ' 14th of this month upon the right haul( of the Po.—
' ....-Gripted. - Oa the I‘2lh the Kitt'of Naples forced ihk passage
il 7is 6iiter Orders of the Day were then disposed a ilw 'faro, imd ..,
pushed the enemy as far esjire-
A When the house adjourned. - nanola. On the 13th the enemy was attqeheintgatit ;
he retreated as far as the Name,
,but lie, w forced
it.
also in this position. The Neapolitten,arit ,threw ~
, over a bridge at Sacca. This operation wisArtereg);
opposed by the enemy, who, however* amyl not"
prevent its e7eettlion. The *army wad . a
league of Placeptiu;- Ythitiltit2.4l4th 4 t o -sta.'
tack.- • Phaeutia is in a .gabd Stale of defence.
i In all these affairs many meta, Wave been killed on
both sides. The Neapolitan army made 5 or 600
prisoners, among which are two Colonels, and many
other officers ; it took also five pieces of cannon.
It is to •be hoped that the news of the change lit
the. Government, *ill arrive in time to prevent far.
titer operations.

• -1,
• .

"CHARLES PHILIP."

FRENCH PAPERS.

BOLOGNA, Arm r. G.—The Sovereign Pontiff Pius,
VII. made Ms entry into Parma on the 25th of
march. As soon as the King of Naples was inform-

ed,of the arrival of his Holiness it the out-posts_sw
the Taro, his Majesty sent his principal Chatnts.2r-
lain, thelluke of Campomele, to meet him, to pre-
` pent him the homage of his filial piety, and to offer
him every thing he might stand in need of. The
' armies paid to the Holy Father all the honours due
to the Supreme Head of the Catholic Church,
rand his Majesty gave orders, that in all the coun-
tries-ag•eupied by his troops, the people should
"ere themselves up without restraint to the joy with
4vehieh such a happy event filled the hearts of all the
faithful. _ .

On the 31st, the Sovereign Pontiff arrived at So.
logna, and his Majesty immediately paid a visit to
his lfoline►s, who afterwards visited the King.. On
the 2d of April the Pope proceeded to Imola, his an-
dent Bi►hoprick. •
The King of Naples wrote to the 4th of April
a letter to the Holy Father, of the following
tenor

44 MOST HOLY FATIIER,—I have rejoiced in corn:•

. ,
mon with all the faithful at the return of your liolis
Bess to Italy, and have ordered public prayers awl
thanksgivings to the Almighty for it, in all the
churches of my kingdom, and those in the countriel !
occupied by my army. . :
" It is my wish to see the head of the church soon I
resume, in the capital of C istenclom, both his ho- i
novo and the exercise of a 1 wer so necessary to the I
tappiness of the world. ! 1
' " The •ftpee of wnr hawing made me master of !
' the statoOlfth you possessed when you were forced
4i. (tett Rbriir, I 40 not hesitate to replace them un- 1
'der your authority, renouncing in your favour alt
soy rights of conquest to these countries. •
. ' " if I had been less acquainted with the send-
. reents of the Sovereigns, whose ally • I am, towards
your Holiness, I ought to have waited till they had
I
signified them before I re-established you in your;
• government, being firmly resolved to do nothing but I
In conformity with their views ; but as I cannot
doubt the intentions of these nvignaninious Princes,
on such a memorable occasion, I take a pleasure. in
fulfilling them with an eagerness which'may be a
pledge in the eyes of Europe of my profound vene-
ration for the Holy See, as well as of my particular
esteem, for a Sovereign Pontiff, so worthy, by his t
eminent virtdes, of the high rank in which Providencil
has placed him. •
" 6 In order , that the restoration of your states,'
which the French Government had formed into the
two deptittments of Rome and the Thrasimene, may
. be performed with due order and solemnity, I
wish to be informed by your holiness at what time
and by What acts you choose to take possession of
them.

LOTTERY DRAWS ON TUESDAY NEXT.
Every`Purchaser ha a DOUBLE CHANCE.

Arr. Mails, Hue
1
I
1
1

PRICE Or STOCKS THIS
Bank 2521
3 per Cent. Red. 651;
9 per Gene Cftw. 67fti
I per Cents. WU,
5 per Cent. trim. 9.1f13
Long. Ann. 16-16 10

DAT AT ONK O'CLOCh.
India %M. 14 151 13 p
Exchequer nix 3 5 p
Oniniuri 194 20# 19.: 20
l'ay ditto 19i 20,t 19.1 40#
Culls°ls fur .tcc. itt

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1814.

" As soon as I am informed of your resolutions,
Most Holy Father, my Chamberlain, the Marquis
de Montrone, who will have the honour to deliver
you my letter, shall be authorised to concert the ar-
rangement to be made with the person whom your
Holiness shall please to appoint. I shall adopt with
pleasure all measures which may have for their ob-
•ject, either the interest of theUctly See) or the per.

.

to terietwe thf, blessings of pfice, libwty, end
inderiendenck seeks to think 14,e'onsistent "with the
character -Cif the Allied Powers to completely abolish'
a large portion of.hwman slavery, which-kis hither-
to, with the glorkus:exceptimi. of 'Engihnd, beeh
fosteied OKI
,prOAected by iany:uf the Ikropelw,
For.thisspeePose, 4.ll.eitidentOWln what
jits lied last night, that Iliuse her
F•pol4. TN inflame with the different Continental (o.
'Teraments, as we are now in estate of alliance with!
them, to put an end to so inhuman a traffic as the
Slave Trade. • . '
It must afford pleasure to the liberal mind, to see
that the affairs of Denmark and Norway are likely
te undergo a Parliamentary discussion. Mr. }ba-
sica, last night, asked, whether any orders had been
issued for the detention of prisoners, subjects of Den-
mark, or whether such orders were intended ? The
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, no such or-
ders had been issued, but he declined-to answer the
latter question.
Mr. WYNNE Wished to know if we were at peace
or at war with Norway ? The CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER answered, that we were at peace with
Sweden and Denmark, and Norway mast belong to
either the one or the other. Thus, it appears, that
the independence of Norway 'is not recognized by
our Government. Mr. WYNNE, therefore, gave no-
tice that he should move this day for Papers that
would show the relations of this country with Nor-
way.

-..M....

French Papers arrive daily, and we have selected
the most interesting articles this morning. The
grand machine of the new, Government is moving
with great rapidity, and appears, by its judicious
and conciliating proceedings, to be making great
progress in uniting all classes and raniss in its sup-
: port. Great preparations are making for the recep-
tint). of Louis XVIII., and no doubt all the eclat
possible will be given to so interesting an event.—
' MoNsma, in the KING'S absence, is actively em.
ployed in pupating the minds of the French people,
as will appear by his beneficent Address to the Com-
. •
rnilssinners, for the kind and paternal sentiments of
his. Brother. He tells them, that Louis XVIII.
'will share in the niisfoi tunes of his subjects till be

has redressed them.—A singular article wilt be found
in the French news, said to be extracted froM the
oCertnan Papers, containing a Treaty of Alliance,'
f •
;s,igiterr the Ist March, at Chaumont, between the
Allies. This article is quite new to us, and although
dated
.so long back, is cVserving of attention.—
Vie Letter from the King of NAer.r.s (JoAcatist NA-
t-POLtoN), congratulating the POPE on the re-esta-
blishment of his authority, is not OHO of the least es-
ttaordinary productions of the present day.

PARIS. APRIL 24.—Monsieur gave audience yrs-
.tedei, up the Deptirtomentat Commissioner:6,...,4o
4ulfretiell theit *t follows
CENTLVItEN,-1 have confided to you an int-
, pottant mission, and have appointed you in such a
;miner, that Frenchmen, who have entertained dif-
Ment opiniuns, may equally become acquainted with
the state of France. To repair so many disasters,
;'you will all learn how necessary will be oblivion for
the past—mutual sacrifices, and a frank union of
•
hands and hearts. Carry to the people hope, and
i• bring back truth to the King. Say every where,
even in the peasant's cot,-that the Kin,' comes with
paternal sentiments, and that he will share their mis-
fortunes
tilt he has dissipated them."
• Great preparations are making at Pont Neuf,
for the King's arrival. It is said two temples will

be erected on each side, whose ascent, by steps, will
be adorned with flowers, and musicicu►s properly
stationed to play national airs. Between these
tomples will uppear, upon a pedestal, the statue of
Henry IV. In the evening there will be an illumi-
nation.

The King of Prussia being informed that there!
was an establishment in the Fttabouraa Poissonniere
, for the instruction of poor children and the relief of
the sick, and moreover that it was founded by the
pious zeal of some charitable ladies, sent to its Se-
cretary the sum of 400 francs, for the benefit of this
It will be seen by the proceedings in the House of Icharity, called Saint Vincent de Paute.
Commons last night, that an enquiry is to take place 1 It is asserted that more than 10,000 passports have
respecting the late disastrous events atToulocati, and been applied for in England, with the intention of
Bayonne. Mr. FREMANTLE Mished to know from ; visiting France as soon as the communications are
the CliAncELLoa of the EXCUEQUEN what steps re-established between the two kingdoms.
had been taken by our Ambassadors, or Military The German Papers contain a Treaty of Alliance, :
Commissioners with the Allied Armies in France, to signed the Ist of March, 1814, at Chaumont, in
inform Lord WErEitsiavom of. what had taken place Champagne, between the Emperors of Austria and
in Paris ; and what was the date of the first commit- Russia, the Kings of England and Prussia. This
nication from Paris? The CHANCELLOR of the Treaty, consisting of seventhen Articles, is very
EXCHEQUER Allied, that he could only give a gene. curious. it evidently proves two things ; first, that ,
rah answer to the question; but lie could say that an obstinate resistance would have brought upon us
no steps had been omitted, either by tte;Ministers; the greatest calamities : second, that the fall of
abroad or .the Government at home, tb give the; Bonaparte is a blessing to humanity, because it Con-
earliest information to our Commander ; he had rio! chides the war: The following are some of its Ar-
Vgialtbll; hblvdreirtrh niotiCa tide,
Mr. FREEMANTLE then moved, by way of Address, " The High Contracting Powers solemnly engage.,
for the production of copies.or extracts of such do- themselves, by the present Treaty, that in case
cuments as would show the steps taken by dour Am- .France should refuse to accede to the conditions of
bassadors, from the 21st of Marcli'l.e. th of Aheproposed peace, to unite all the means of their
April, to communicate the transaideetretferia to 'respective States in the vigorous prosecution of hos.
Lord Wrwatrron, which was Opted to; It is tilities against her, and to employ them in a good
highly necessary that the Public' htlitsandras welt enderatanding, in order to procure for themselies
as the relatives and friends of our brave army, and Europe a general peace, under whose auspices the
should receive all the information which I la Is rights and liberty of all nationa may be established
the power of Ministers to give theta ur"-04. I.e. neared. This engagement shall. •wet pre-
teresting subject and melancholy cataldelepitil; 'Jodi* any stipulations which the Nike. bite
Mr. WIIITIRLAD, actuated, by his libid bineeoaireatly:- contracted relative to the of
lance, when the great Continent of Mop is alsisit I stoops to be kept to the field spinet 's;

2I".

• Ob

~

* '

.t. e
—V T
And it is well u so 11—Cttf a the Cour
of Aestria, Russia, England, and Prussia engage,
by the. present Treaty, to keep constantly in the
!field each 150,000 men, besides gorrisons, audio
employ them actively against the common enemy,-
".. In order to contribute in die most prompt and
decisite manner to the accomplishment o? this grand
Ik object, hi' Britannic Majesty engages to furnish.%
•
subsidy of' five millions sterling, to be ditidet ip
,equal shaves amongst the three Powttru,-.;

! -
" The situation of the theatre Of war, or ()that
circamstavices,
eircamstances, may render itliffinfraiTaFaT n•
Min to sand the stipulated succU4iin English troop-
in the stipulated time, as wells the sutiport4f dike
troops upon a war footing; kis •Stitanek Majesty
therefore reserves to himself the right of lataiihliq
the power requiring it his contiugent in urea 4,
troops, to be paid by her, or to pay her ut sliy 3-
sum of money at the rate 0 WI. otettlog Per".!lkidiirei.
infantry, aril 301. for cariilry.'4- . ..); ,1 I ....:4 :
Bonaparte knew of this rireat7,Ali.;ll4riitlifia
less continued an insensate war: : - ' , :

: ..... ; .• s.l
On the 11th of Much .t of St.Angalk
...,
at Rome, was evacuated by di: trench tr , iii.,.
der' the command of ciene reit ittoll,lll. 111 E e 21st,
being the Anniversary of No /to the" sotto!
Coronation, the city of gailit:iihtiWil ills-
libi
313
.: :.: .0..,.- . •:.... ; ..
initiated."

The following jeu appear* .trei 0306.
pane's pension of six millions

Ceui qui devetr.i desititatireilx
Q.ii magezt ins Rtitg, qui vent dnai se crilpi,
Nl' de mute cue six millions
Ce West pits tut son year victim..
I.ITRIIAL

.
Be who devoure4 nunketoni hattalionsf i.
' ‘V No awam in blood. who-lived in eller,.
Has.onty an inemin of six mittlealt : : -
, . .
"fir nut a coui pet victim..

A Dutch Nail arriied this morning, by which we
have received the following
Nits Eau EN, APRIL 22.,Trui ycommander of
Grave still reuses to deliver up the town ; ,ary)
declared, thatlf any more Bags of tripe erp watt
he shall order the batteries to Bee upon awl.;
however, very unpleasant for the inhabitaittg, as
every day the batteries fire on the-basiegerikiiktaeli.
.meats of the lottdsturm are obliged to:be sent
who neglect, their .WorVitere, and these isre--ist:Wapt
of every thing, be.catise the poor peilauts
thing left.

itrill EN, A raiz. I.22.—The Commander of •De-
venter having been made acquainted by several flsgs
•
• of truce %sit!) the state of affairs in France, proposed
an armistice on the iGth, in consequence of which
two French Staff Officers, and one of thoblocked.,
were sent to the Hague, in order to convince them-
! selves, by inspecting the, official documents; of the
:truth. They returned in the night of the lOth, the
; garrison declared for Louis XVilLoandis tiimareh
;Ark on Monday, the 25th, to return to France.—
The town is to be garrisoned the same day by the
troops of his Highness the Prifice. It is said thede-
vastation is greater in that neighbourhood than is
any other part of Over Yssel.
MAESTRICHT, APRIL s.—This town is not yet
given up. Yesterday there was a :brisk firiug of
musketry by fort St. Pierre, by which many: bath
Swedes and French, were killed and wounded.., 344
every moment expect orders from the new Govern-
ment to evacuate the town. The garrison, which
war 7000 strong, is reduced, by desertimi, to 6000.
The Burghers have suffered very much by requisition.,
and now some hundred gens cremes and honors are
busy in levying another, which, as the Generals say,
is to pay the troops.
Govs, APRIL. 20.—As soon as we heard that tite
white flag was hoisted at Walcheren, Baron Sweerts
de Landas sent one of his Aids.de-Camp to Flush-
ing, to desire the Governor to deliver up Walcheren
to his Royal Ifightiess.—The arrival of this Offeet
at-Flushing excited a transport of joy among the in-
habitants, who received him with universal 'ories.of
Ihnza! Orange Bova: ! In the evening he returned,
without hazing succeeded in his mission. Another
Aid-de-Camp, who was sent to Buly, likewise re-
ceive:l a negative answer ; even the white flag Well
not yet displayed there (the 17th), but it was pat
up yesterday, by order of the Governor of Alit.,
werp.

Morantraoma, APiLis 21.—The intercsurse be.
tween Walcheren and the rest of the Nethiclands4is
still impeded, and we enjoy oar happiness bat by
halves. Yesterday the Governor of Fieshlitupeb-
fished an Order of the Day, in which -by &Maris;
that the change of the Government in hill coontey,
makes no alteration in his military PoiPian,-thst
therefore his troops must occupy the'sannunistcand
be as much on their guard, both against the
tants and troops froth with►►ut, as they Were haft *
it being his duty as an Officer to deliver op :the
post confided to him, to the same Government CO*
which he received it.

STIINSTRaPY, APRIL tier-Accounts.. that' have
beiw received, and seem quite authentic, state, that
all is settled ts ith.Bergen-Op..Zoom ; that- the neigh
are to put on the white cockade on fiteridayi sl ii
march out on Mondafi. Some, however;
this will not happen till the 28th. -
Bors-LE-Duc, Aram 21.--Venlo hu isapThaite(l:.
and is to be delivered op to 'obi; Sovereign in thge
days.
HELDER, APRIL 21.-.--,Our farts have declared 1.. r.
the good cause. There are but a. few Fre!At
'venison, but they have hoisted the whtto cpckade.---
The regular counts of :thepoits b mestabllrdral.
