MAILS.

ARR. DV E. I An R. nue.
2 0 2.... Holland 0
0 ...Water inrd.. • • .9 0.... timbre 2
2 ...II dc J rrse.y. • ..0 I I.... France 0
0.... Lis:ion 0 1 ...Flanders ..0
2 —X 4.itentlerz 1 0... • Malta .......

CANDLEMAS DAY.-lluliday at the Bank.

IQ -.-tatttintan.

MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 2, ISM

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE o'CLocg.—Consols opened this
morning at 90191, but soon after lowered to 90j, for the Ac-
count. The market this morning was rhther In a wavering
state, owing, it is supposed, to the King's speech to be deli-
vered to-morrow, of which we do not hear any thing positive
up to this hour.

The Expresses from Paris, have brought the French Rentes,
at 4 o'clock, 96. 64:I.—Spanish, 24—Scrip, S.
We are informed that Saturday was Settling Day at Paris
for all Foreign Funds.

FOREIGN FUNDS.—Spanish Bonds opened at 25, but soon
declined to 24121, with a heavy market.
Mexican Bonds opened at si, got up to —Colombia, (16—
Old Spanish. 2t? to 3—New Austrian, 51—Chiii, 794—Rus-
sian, 89? to 90—French Scrip, B—Mexican Loan, 44--Old
Prussian, 91?—New, 992.

We have this forenoon received, by Express, from Paris,
the Etoile of yesterday's date, from which we select the
following articles:—
PARIS, Jan. 31.—Prince Carignan leaves Paris for Turin
on Monday next, at 5 o'clock in the morning.
The news that we receive from the Department is ex-
cellent. The Elections are going on agreeable to the friends
of the Throne.
The Austrian ()bearer, which has hitherto been silent
on the victories of the Greeks, has at length noticed them,
and contains a long article on the subject.
Mr. Brown, the new Minister from the United States to
France, arrived on the 23th at Havre, in the American brig
Cavanne.
MADRID, .I.+v. 22.—Orders have been issned to establish
military commissions. They will be established in all the
Provinces before the expiration of fifteen days, as fixed by
the Royal decree. The Junta, instituted for agriculture
and commerce, assemble several times in the week. Their
labours will be submitted to the Council of the King. The
rev•lntionary Journals, which invent falsehoods, pretend
that a certain Ugarte was the favourite of the King, and
exercised the gr,:atest influence; but we must observe that
this is false, and that his Majesty has no other favourite
than his people, whose interest lie has continually at
brut; and he has established the most strict economy in
his palace.
By a decree, dated yesterday, his Majesty orders, that
notice should be given respecting the classes of indivi-
duals who are to form part of the Royal Guard.
ItnusseLe.—lt is asserted, that his Excellency, M.
Fatett, is appointed Minister to the Court of London.

Files of New York papers are arrived to the.9th Jan.,
from which we extract the following :
F12.,31 LAct:to A.—We learn by Capt. Skinner, in 15 days
from La;:nira, that the frigateVenezr.cla, Corvette Bolivar,
and the 61 gun ship, sailed from that port on the 19th, for
Port oCarello, with the military stores. General Soublette
embarked in the 6-1. Another frigate and schooner were
taking in stores for the same place.
Carrac2s papers to the sth Dec. were received, which
contains no newt:.

FitnM Mexic the arrival of the Schooner Racer,
at Philadelphia, from Tampico, we learn that the new Con-
gress of Mexico had assembled on the sth Dec. A new
Constitui iqn was formed when the Racer sailed.
Caxaftv Ist.amns.—A letter from Teneriffe, of the 1511)
Nov., has been received at Baltimore, in which the writer
mentions the arrival at Santa Crnz, of a French frigate ;
and states, that a General on board demanded, in the name
of his Government, possession of the whole of the Canary
islands ceded to France by Ferdinand. The Governor
requested a few days to reflect upon the subject; the
inhabitants are generally exasperated, and declare they
will sacrifice their lives and fortunes, era the French flag
shall wave over them.
Faust CANTON.—A letter from Batavia, Sep. 22, states
that the Milford. of Bombay, arrived the preceding day
fromjCanton, with verbal intelligence that the affair of the
Topaz frigate bad been revived. it was reported that the
Honor merchants have been ordered to Pekin, because the
British Government have not sent out two individuals to
be delivered to the Cl.inese, as an atonement for the lives of
the Chinese.:

The cant and clamour that have by ministerial artifice
and the venal press, been kept up about law, loyalty, and
order, for the purpose of preventing the exposure of cor
ruption, has not fur some time received so complete and.
masterly an answer, as from the speech of Mr. Jeffrey,
delivered at the anniversary of the Fox Club at Einhurgh.
A very correct report of this excellent speech has appeared
in the Seottniam newspaper, and we deem it the duty of
every liberal journal, which sets a value on troths so im-
portant to mankind, to give publicity to sentiments so
liberal, and to views so enlightened. This is the more in-
cumbent at this time, since the Holy Alliance are, by their
new code of publi• laws, subverting every remaining ves-
tige of freedom in Europe, where their ruthless power can
be felt. To the Advocates of legitimate slavery, and the
" divine right of Kings to govern wrong," the allusion of
Mr. Jeffrey to the United States of America, will furnish
some profitable a►nasetnent, if not instruction. The friends
of liberty, will, however, peruse it with delight, as a com-
position which arrays truth, in all the charms of eloquence.
The following is the commencement of the speech, which
was receives' with the loudest applause:—

"Though it is the principal business of a meeting like
this to do honour to the champions of our own rights, and
the principles of our ewn freedom, I propose now, with
your Lordship's indulgence, to bring under its notice, the
concerns and the merits of another country, which though
I thank God, now foreign and independent in relation to
us, I trust never will he regarded as alien either to the
people of Britain or the common interests of liberty. I
allude, my Lord, to the United States of America (ap-
plause). It is not any part, however, of my purpose to
enlarge on her present greatness and growing importance,
or the mighty influence which she is destined hereafter to
exercise on the fortunes of the world. To that futurity it
is animating to look forward—and to think that there is
nothing in the prospect it presents to us that is not bright
with the promi‘e of great improvement. But it is rather
to her present condition, and to the advantages we have
already derived from her, that I wish to call the attention
of the meeting. For, to my mind, that nation had al-
