1, *

-The
be Ike
cbeen plisbed,
seeing the arrival of her Iml 'al Majesty at the Pa-
lace of Laeken will seen realised. Already a
triumphal area ii erecting # the gate of Anderlecht,
send all preparations are reeking for the suitable re.
oeption of our august Sovereign.
RAMIIIRCIII) Sear. 14.-+The Prince of Eckmuld,
Governor. General and Commander.in.Cblef of the
Army of Germany, has just published an eider to the
following effect :-.-cc All persons who have given in
declaration of funds, capitals, goods, or merchandise,
belonging to the enemy, must make a surrender of
the same to the office of registration and of domains.
This surrender shall take place in Hamburgh from
the 15th to the 2.5 th of September, and in the
other towns from the 15th to the 30th inetant.—
To watch over and accelerate these surrenders,
Commissions shall be formed to whom the parties
shall address themselves. These Commissions shall
he specially charged with the investigation of all
funds and other things belonging to the enemy's
commerce, of which declaration shall not have been
made. The Commissary. General of Pollee shall
transmit to them all the information to be found in
his offices. The Prefects and Mayors shall send them
lists of the declarations hitherto made. The Com,
missions shall send reports of their proceedings every
five days, to the Commissary-General of Police, at
Hamburgh, who shall draw up a general view of the
same, and transmit it, at the same periods, to the
Governor. General."

DRESDEN, SEPT. B.—Prince Poniatowsky has ar.
rived at Dresden, and almost immediately repaired to,
the castle of Piblitz, where he wos very graciously
received by his Majesty. It is remarked, that he has
had long conferences with the King. On the 10th
he is to set out on his return to Warsaw. Some peo-
ple, however, think that he will remain at Dresden
till the departure of his Majesty, which is irrevoca-
bly fixed for the 16th instant. It is said to be his
Majesty't intention to pass three months at Warsaw.
EXPOSURE OF ENGLISH JOURNALS.
PARIS, SEPT. 21.—[On two letters, which op-
peered in a London Morning Paper of the 9th ult.
the one purporting to be from the Count de Broi-
sart, General of Division, to King Joseph, at Ma.
drid; and the other from Napoleon to Joseph, the
Moniteur, after extracting them, has the following
remarks :--1
" Such are the miserable means resorted to in
England !—There, men are familiarized with every
Thing that is forged and false : false passports, false
certificates of origin, false pretended American ac-
counts, false notes, false treaties, false intercepted
letters :—but all this promotes the main object, that
of deceiving the people of London. In the first place,
there is no French General of the name of Broisart.
Secondly, no French division entered Spain about
the period of the 2.3 d of July. Thirdly, the Em-
peror, on the 18th of July, was at Trianon, and
not at Paris. Fourthly, the Emperor never writes
on any business ; it is his Ministers who do so. In
regard to the movements of the army, it is the Major.
Gen. who writes: and all letters treating of subjects
of the least importance, which aregiven as intercepted,
are forgeries ; for' since the letter written from Ma.
drid, which was intercepted by Gen. Moore, the
Major-General has been in the habit of putting all
his letters in a cypher. We are sorry for Lord
Wellesley's editors ; they are not at all dexterous.
In short, what proves demonstratively the odious
system of deceiving the English people, by false-
hoods, is, that in reality, at the end of July, four
divisions, amounting to more than 60 battalions, ar-
rived at I'au : ten millions of people knew this fact.
There are at Rochefort, upon the Charente, more
than fifteen thousand men ; at Toulon, more than
twenty thousand ; in Italy, more than one hundred
thousand. It is not, therefore, the fear of stripping
our northern frontier which prevents the sending ofi
troops to Spain. But it is necessary to have recourse,
to all means, for the purpose of persuading the
English people that there is no longer a sou in
France ; that there is no longer a man ; and that
boys of sixteen are forced to march ; that there
is no longer a single ship, &c. It is a bad symp-
tom in a Government, when it has perpetual
recourse to falsehood and imposture. An English
Journal of the eleventh of September announ-
ces, that the French licences, of which it had
spoken in one of its preceding numbers, were only
two in number ; that one permitted the importation
of 30, and the other of 40 tons of coffee, on condi-
tion that it should be of the produce of Martinique
and Guadaloupe.
" Notc.—No licence whatever has heengiveneut to
bring coffee from England. The false assertion of
the Journalist is one of the means employed by the
English Government, to excite expectations, so often
deceived, in owners of the immense quantities of
colonial produce which encumber the warehouses of
London. They wish to induce a belief that the Em-
peror Napoleon is disposed towards a change of sys-
tem, while new measures, more extensive and ener-
getic in their nature, are developing every day, in
order to secure the strict execution of the Continental
blockade."

Cultaavvt, SEPT. 19.—A Heligoland boat was
shipwrecked at the mouth of the Weser, and the men
in her have been brought here as prisoners of war.—
It appears from the examination they underwent, that
the greatest misery pervades the island of Heligoland,
where sugar and coffee were lately seen piled up in
vast warehouses, and where 'the very porters made 1
enormous gains. The severe measures Which have reo.l
dered impossible the introduction of English goods on I
the Continent, have at last obliged the spemdators to
empty their magazines. Heligoland has reverted to its
primitive insignificance ; and to save themselves from
dying of hung-r, The inhabitants have been forced to
resume their old occupation of fishermen, There
were found upon these Heligolanders some copies of
an English Journal, the Courier, which they were
probably employed to introduce wpm% the Continent
by some means or other. That Journal, in its own
name; or that of the Ministers whose servile orgatt

fishermen to eta,
.s in England,
emigrants use
etscoessfel in ex-
Such a eontempti-
inhabitants of the
completely, the
feel in

maintenance
system of mari-
time tyranny. The- population of England is in-
'sufficient for the supply of armaments so vast. Fence
arose the necessitylor her violating the neutrality of
the Americans, and carrying or the seam* of that
if
independent nation as they were vile sires. At
present, Americ*, sensible to the voice of honour, Is
no longer disposed to talent* so crying an abuse.
Next, the most high 44dintralty attempts to straw to the
Oritish shores, the Dutch and German fishermen, to
subject them forthwith to that frightful impress of sea.'
movy which is the disgrace of England and of a civllized
But these perfidious seductions, which, perhaps,
have been tried at several points of the northern
coast of the empire, have every where met with con,
tempt. An exact end official inquiry has proved,
that for many months past, no fisherman, no inha-
Want of the coast from the Tele' to the Elbe has
been so infatuated as to exchange a tranquil livelihood
in his own country, for the harsh slavery iu which
the English seamen lire, It is possible that some
English crimps have gone off to avoid the vengeance
of the law, These are doubtless thefishcrmCn whom
the Courier pretends to have seen arrive in England.
Certainly, fishermen of such a sort are in the right
to fly from a coast, where death awaits them, as the
oily fruit of their disgraceful industry.

C.

•~ ;~-

~-

o,_

. .

NAPARTE is anxious to have placed mdie immediately
under Ms controul, To this report, however, 'though
brought from several quarters, we do not attadi

In addition to the important " Declaration of
Rights" promulgated by the people of s'panish Atne.
rice, which we exclusively communicated to the pub.
lie yesterday, we have received some intelligence from
that quarter relative to the subsequent progress of the
*evolution there, which, at • the present moment,
cannot fail to be perused with interest. By tt
arrival of a Leeward Island Mail, which bring. 4, .
counts. from Caracoa to the 15th August, we lean,
that his Majesty's ship Avon, Captain FRASER, who
had wised at that pine., stated that about the be
gining of July, the inhabitants of the Carac, as a 4
I ?orto Covello, had declare.' their independenc2
with shopts of " Death to FERDINAND the SEVENTH,
I and all European Spaniards." Twelve per;en-,
hostile 0 the measures of the new Government...ll.a
'bent condemned to death ; and many individuals of
the same description, foreseeing what would happen,
had previously withdrawn from the country with what
property they could contrive to carry a ith them. k
; consequence of the refusal of the inhabitants of Va.
lencia to join the Cunfederai: , General Min t,, DA
had been dispatched, at the head of s,ooomen, to re.
duce the place, iu which, however, he hail proved
unsuccessful. The Valencians, with the view of mss.
leading the General, had agreed to capitulate; beat
on his entering the town, he was fired upon from the,
windows and tops of the houses, which forced him to
retreat. This induced MIRANDA to send off fe
reinforcements a hich he obtained ; hut the result was
not known at Curacoa on the 1 4th August, the day
on which the last intelligence from that place is dated.
By a Mail which arrived yesterday from the .I,Jrazils,
we have also intelligence from the River Plate to the
15th August, by which we learn that the Monte Vi.
deo sqeadron arrived at Buenos Ayres op. the 15th
July ; and on the same night commenced the boot,
bardmont of that city. On the other hand, the army
from Buenos Ayres, which had been sent against
Monte Video, had arrived before that place. No,
thing of any consequence, however, had been ef.
fected by these forces when the last accounts came
away. It is evident from these movements, that
some great events are on the eye of taking place in
South America, The people of these countries, who
have for centuries groaned under the iron rod of desr
potion, have at last burst the fetters by which they
were held in bondage, and are determined to resist
every attempt to reduce them to their former de,
graded state. We are sot surprised, however, that
the abettors of their Ashler tyrants shoold 'endea,
sour to accomplish this. Power is sweet ; riches
'Wm desirable. The man who has once ob-
tained these, cannot be expected to relinquish
them without a struggle; and if he has possessed 14.
self of them by iniquitous means, his exertions to
retain them will be the more strenuous, because, if
once redacted to poverty, he will find it difficult again
io acquire these advantages by dishonest practices.
h this great ace, therefore, of the people of South
America to establish their independence, we mes
Ispect to bear of occurrences taking place, of a very
disagreeable nature—Aostile to the feelings of huma,
pity ; but they are inseparable from concussions of
this sort, and were It not for the destruction of the
supporters of tyranny, the oppressed would peter be
restored to their just rights.
Another Cabinet Council was held yesterday en
the subject of the affairs of Sicily, which was at-
tended by all the Ministers, and sat three hourr,
during the whole of which time Lord W. BENTINM
was in attendance. Previously to the Council being
held, his Lordship accompanied the Marquis WM..
LESLEY to York Muse, where they had an audience
of the PaiNcr REGENT. The result of the delibera-
tions of the Cabinet Council is said to have been,
that military possession is to be immediately taken of
Sicily, and that Lord Wm. BENTINCK is to remit
thither for that purpose.
Tuesday the Cabinet Ministers dined with Mr.
RYDER, at his house in Great George-street, WeA-
minster. Earl CAMDEN, being just come to town,
had not a carriage of his own that he could conveni-
ently go in, but went in a hackney coach; he did
not allow the coachman to set him down at Mr. R,v-
DER'S door, but got out of the coach at the end
of King-street, and left official papers in it, On
the Noble Earl discovering his loss no means could
bedevised for recovering it, ashe did not know the
number of the coach. A similar accident happened
to Lord CASTLEREAGH and Mr. Coox, when they
were in office.
The Foreign Papers state, that the celebrated na,
turalist and traveller, PETER SIMON PALLAS, Coun-
cillor of State to the Emperor of Russia, died on the
Bth of last month at Berlin, in the 70th year of hi,
age. Ile was a native of Berlin, and had been there
for about a year on a visit to h 6 brother.
Accounts from Lemberg mention the melancholy
news that the city of Pertyckow, one of the richest and
mostcommercial in Russia, experienced, last month, tL
dreadful fire, which burnt 662 houses, with many shop,
The damage sustained by commerce is incalculable.
Nearly 500,000 ducats in gold, and three millions
and a half of rubles in silver, were either plundered
during the confusion, or melted by the excessive heat of
the flames. Twelve' hundred chests of sugar, each
40lb. weight, 14,000 boxes of raisins, 2,000 chests of
coffee, and pelisses and furs to the amount of three
millions of rubles, were burnt. Various merchan-
dive, to the amount of five millions of rubles, brands
and wine to the amount of two miflions of rubles,
have also been destroyed. If thole details are cor-
rect, this event will be marked as one of the most
unfortunate in Russian history.
At a General Council held on Monday, in the an-
Bad.
hWineenstbattnryd swop
tar Min.
Recorder;o,
1114
tcheleapat btororon7whuofc
JORN Hontrat? Esq. was elected Mayor for the Yvvi,
fllsVinigt

• • •
•
•
• • s• •
• •
THE grATF2OI,IAN,..
pet-or! His Majesty spoke with isitidssess to the it is, invites Daft& and German fishermen
Commandant of the place, to the Engineer charged grate, iu offer 'to establish themselves in
with the direction of the worlss, and to the Wars where, It says, a number of such emigre
Commissary, whyraccempaniedidm throtighout. 4 iltoady arrived, and have been secuessti
wounded at Ea.tisbon, Merit% istenpmesfed -.robing their peacefol industry. Such a w
to the Emperor, his Majesty mode hisk.o4presents. bhp mailman far seducing the inkabitam
and ordered that his claims 8110011 t belied to hiss at coasts of the Continent proves, oomph
Boulogne, _ di/lenity which the English Admiralty
BRUSSELS') Sirr. 20.—The wishes of the Inhabl- equipping •their numerous fleets, the ma
tants are about to he necbtplished; sod the hope of iof widah is neceisary to their system
