THE STATESAAN.

SPAIN.
TO TILE EDITOR OF THE STATESMAN.

LoNuox, Aug. 13,1843.

Ste.—ln no case does the adage appear to be more correct
than in that of Spain.—" Ood protect us from our friends ;
we will protect ourselves from our enemies." Well might
the public have been astonished at the correspondence be-
tween Sir Robert Wilson and Morillo; nor is the article in
the Morning Chronicle of yesterday, explaining the object
of this correspondence, calculated to diminish in the least
degree the surprise it has created. I inquire not into the
motives of the negotiator. They may be the very best
possible. I shall even suppose that which has been assign.
ed in the article to which I allude, evidently written by a
friend or a person in the confidence of Sir Robert Wilson,
to be the true one; yet the act is not the less to be regret.
ted ; and it is the duty of the friends of freedom to com-
ment upon its evil tendency, in order to obviatesimilar indis-
cretions io future. Surely Sir Robert Wilson, had he even
been accredited by any superior authority, ought to have
reflected, before entering into any correspondence with
the brigand Morillo, the very worst of traitors, whe-
ther that single circumstance would not morally produce
more mischievous consequences, than could be compensat-
ed by the complete success of the stratagem contemplated,
supposing it to be a fair one. Had it been certain that this
ruse de guerre, as it has been called, would have proved
successful, and that its success would have procrastinated
the surrender of Vigo, or wholly prevented it, the bare
arknowledgment,in any shape, of so base a miscreant as the
Count of Carthagens, opening a correspondence wi.h him,
and addressing him almost in the language of adulation,
was calculated, in my opinion, to do more mischief to the
cause of Spain, and to the character of Sir Robert Wilson
himself, than the fall of several Vigos ; and I should think
the Spanish nation, however they might overlook such a
proceeding on the part of a foreigner, would feel highly in-
censed spinet any general of their own, who might act a
similar part !twee giving by far too much consequence to the
traitor Morillo in the public eye, and assuming, on the part
of the negotiator himself, as far at least as we are at pre-
sent informed, or can ronjecture,avery indiscreet authority,
to use a lenient expression. Had %nine consented to his
propositions, in what situation would Sir Robert Wilsan
have been placed ? Could lie have caused say one of them
to be fulfilled? Or could he have honourably withdrawn
from the correspondence, by declaring it was only a stra-
tagem to gain lime? Under these circumstances, the mea-
sure appears to me, as a ruse de guerre, to have been not
very justifiable. But it was eminently unwise, as affording
to Morillo, and the French Ultras, the opportunity of ad-
ducing evidence that propositions were made to treat with
them, in one part of Spain, which might enable them to
deceive other parts. It was also unwise, because there
could be no reasonable expectation of its success. What
ground could there be to imagine that Morillo, and those by
whom he was surrountled.were not aswell nformed,respecting
passing events,asSi rß.Wilson and his friends inVigo? Or that
he was sof& it-tidy simple to be lulled into security or inaction,
for a single instant, by propositions, which, from the first
moment, he must have perceived to have been unanthoris-
ed ? I do net consider him to be a person of this descrip-
tion ; and, if he proved actually so weak, it was more titan
could rationally have been calculated upon. Dors any one
believe that if be had been prepared to attack Vigo, and
reckoned upon success, he would, merely in consequence of
the inducements held out by Sir Robert %Vilson, have wait-
ed so many days to negotiate ? Crcdat Judeue .dpella !
Nu! he would lace first tak.n the place ; and then listened
to propositions for an armistice. Morillo, despicable as he
is, has decision, and does not want talent ; and moreover he
is not afflicted with the furor of diplometising, which ap-
pears to have been so prevalent a malady among our military
heroes on this side the channel, and in the exercise of which
they have usually cut so contemptible a figure. He must,
however, have had sagacity enough, with the aid of, his
counsellors, to perceive what immense advantages he
could derive from the evidence of such a correspond-
ence, in those parts of Spain, where the motives of it could
not be known ; and, if he was at all induced to
retard his march to Vigo, it was that he might have the ad-
vantage of this evidence. He might send the documents
of Sir Robert, to be shown to Ballasteros, to be shown to
Mina, as inducements to then) to submit. The advantage
of this r use de guerre I hold to have been wholly on the
side of Murillo. But, if it had been otherwise, the at-
tempt, on the part of Sir Robert, was such as no success
could justify. Where traitors so infamous are concerned,
nothing but outlawry and death.shooting, like a common
robber, should be talked of by patriots; otherwise their
own sincerity, however honest their intention', will be lie.
hie to he called in question. Where the alternative is
between freedom and slavery, tuere can be no cum-
promise.
But, what is calculated, in the first instance, to excite
particular surprise. in the case of Morale. is, that lie
should have been at all employed, after the affair of the 7th
of July, 1822. On that day his treachery was most palpa-
Me, and even the conduct of Ballasteros, who had also too
long breathed the air of the Court, was exceed-
ingly suspicious. These two heroes did nothing, until
the insurgent guards had been already defeated by
the militia; they then performed prodigies of valour, and
swore afresh to defend the Constitution, or to perish.
This facility of pardoning traitors, and employing dubious
characters, has done mach injury to the cause of Spain.
The truth is, that the Spanish authorities (I do not speak
of the body of the nation; they are a great deal more sound),
have still that remnant of slavish feeling abont them, which
mak -s them reluctant to commit themselves, by. taking de-
cisive measures, or impressing unequivocal opinions; and
this feeling has led to that pernicious error in c mduct to
which I allude. Persons, whose minds are but half eman
cipated, are disposed to be much too fond of half measnrea,
and compromises. This has been too frequently exempli-
fied throughout the Spanish revolution. But the evil rill
daily diminish, in proportion as the men, who lease
been familiar with the ancient regime, retire from
the scene, anti persons of more en.-rgetic minds,
and more inflexible patriotism, succeed to office;
in proportion, in fact, to the progress of the revolu-
tion, which is yet but in its cradle. towards matu-
rity. his on the same principle, I should suppose, that
so much power has recently, improperly as I conceive, been
entrusted to Caivano Valdes, probably because he is pre-
sumed to have much influence in Cadiz, and to general
Alava, probably because he is presumed to have much in-
Mime with the English; the former, besides peculiarities
and eccentricities, which do not particularly qualify him
for ruling in difficult times, being, as I think, much too
old for the age, and the latter having kept too much bad
company. Before experience, and the lights and talents of
the rising generation, these evils, however, will gradually
disappear ; and .I am not afraid, whatever blunders may be
committed by their over-officious friends, what supine-
ness may be displayed by their lukewarm or expedient ad-
mirers, or whatever acts of infidelity may be perpetrated
by their coustiteted Authorities, that the Spanish nation
will not filially triarsph. Nay, Sir, if the Cortes them-
selves. whilst there is a single French regiment in the Pe-
ninsula, were meanly to accede to terms, their authority
would be di rded by the Army, the Militia, the
municipal Authorities,and the provincial represeutations; and
diabase of the contest, although protracted, would be only
the more glorious. Under critical circumstances, I am of
opinion that suspicion with a certain degree of probable
foundation should be deemed sufficient cause of removal,
Some time before their declared treachery, denunciations
were thrown out by patriots against Abishafand Morillo and
they were bepraised by tbeFrench Journals. These anticipa-
tions have since been verified by their defection. Similar
esepicions and eulogises were bestowed on Ballasteros
and it would have benumb better that Sallaoteros should

have been injestly used by being removed without suffici-
ent cause, .!tan that, by a misplaced coufidence in his honor,
the,State would ever run the chance of suffering. There
are plenty of good officers to replace him,
energetic, aad with more of the tire of patriotism. Such
us easu'res promptly taken •v m ould retrieve risk, and public
suspen-e. younger, more

What, in the name of wonder, are our Metropolitan
Spanish euermittees about? 1410 not like the grounds set
forth, in some of the Journals,.* their torpor. They are
evidently gratsitous when they've* their way elem., and
Spanish freedom established, they will then perhaps burst
forth into activity!

A F&IIND OP SMUGGLING FAUDOM.

HAYMARKET THEATRE.
—saw—
Last night, after the Farce of Seeing is Believing,
O'Keeffe's comedy of, the l oung Quaker was performed
for the first time these 6ve years, at this house. The mana-
gers deserve great credit for its revival, as it posses., coati-
siderable merit, and is •well adapted to display the powers
of the present very effective company. Miss CHESTER was
a most interesting young Quakeress, Dinah Primrose, in
her little close Dutch woman's cap, starched neckkerchief
and drab coloured gown ; though, we confess, we should
have liked much better to see her dressed like the many beau-
tiful women we saw around us, if such hsd been the quaker
fashionJor we cannot help thihking that a pink coloured
world looks better than a drab coloured one. Miss Lova
song many fragments of favourite airs ve .y delightfully in
her part of Araminta, though some of d. to come in, and
go off again, rather abruptly. She was loudly applauded
in the new song composed for her by Mr. Waits. Mrs.
(limas was quite at home in the arch wait infr-svotnan, and
was a very good match for Mr. HaaLey's brisk and know.
ing confidential valet. On the other hand, LISTON'S impu-
dent booby, Clod, formed a good contrast to the vivacity
of the two former. Mr. FERRY, an actor whom we seldom,
indeed, catch giving a false reading., did not delineate
the avaricious old broker, Chronicle, with all
his usual excellence; blithe was well received. Mr. VINING
was amusing enough in the generous but eccentric young
Reuben Sadboy; but Old Sadboy was sadly marred by Mr.
HAMMOND, WiIO,OOItSiIIISIAHdiIIC, is in many respects a very
clever actor. Mr. WILLIAMS did not sustain the dialect of
the villainous old Jew, Sliadrack, with proper u•iformity ;
but, in other respects, he played the part well.
There was nut a seat to spare in the house, and the co.
wetly, which was well received throughout, nas announced
tor repetition on Saturday with loud applause.

NEWPORT, TSUI or WIGHT, AUGUST 12.—The harvest in
this Island commenced on Monday, with the prospect of a most
abundant crop, particularly Wheat, Barley, and Oats. Beans
and Peas have failed ; not more than half a crop is expected ;
Turnips never looked better. The Hay harvest Is completed
with an average crop.
Wheat was cut in the neighbourhood of this city yesterday,
but the corn is very backward in many situations, and a furt-
night at least must elapse before the harvest will be general.--
' (Hereford Journal.)
MITCHAM FAllL—Wednesday being the second day of
Mitcham Fair, the road leading thither presented a pleas-
' inglv animated scene. The crowd was not great, but the
attendance was singularly respectable. A number of booths
were there with usual varieties of round-abouss,pony
and toy and refreshment stalls. But the most singular fea-
ture in the scene was furnished by a well dressed individual,
who went for the purpose of calling on the idlers attracted
by the amusements of the day, to withdraw their thoughts
from them to think of eternity. The contrast thus kroislietl
to the manner in which the majority of the crowd were oc-
cupied, can hardly be described. Several men of respect-
able appearance were with the Preacher, and seemed to be
known to him. These assisted in the devout exercises to
which he desired to c.ll others, and while the cries of
" Walk in Ladies"—" Show 'em up"—" Nice gingerbread
nate," and similar exclamations, were heard severally and
together, preceded or follotted by bursts of laughter at the
grimaces of a eraraznottrh or the antics of a monkey; on
sudden, to the low tone of !nowt supplica•ion, sneceeded
the bold strains of religious harmony. The friends of the
Minister sung a hymn, the Hues being given out, two at a
time, by the Preacher. Their pnrformanee, though in sech
a place it was calculated to excite mirth, was too good to be
laughed at, and generally the crowd had more regard for
decency than to sanction those indecorous interruptions
which one or two foolish persona attempted.
When the singing concluded, the individual who acted
as Minister addressed those who had assembled round him
with much clearness, and without any of that extravagance
which might be expected from the eccentric zeal which led
him there. He said " the reeeption he might meet with
was matter of uncertainty, but that his conscience would
approve the effort which lee was then making, in that mo-
ment which sooner or later must arrive, when he mutt
account to his Creator fir his condor', was that of which
he had no doubt; anti he was confident that if those who
were near him would withdraw but one hoar from those
which they had designed to spend in what he and his friends
ronsiderea unprofitable, useless, and soul-murdering prac-
tices, to listen to the few and feeble remarks which he might
offer, they would never regret such an appropriation of their
time. He then proceeded to his text anti sermon in the
midst of a holiday group who seemed really attentive. The
Preacher was young, well looking, and wholly free from
those indications of vulgarity anti ignorance which are
usually the characteristics of an itinerant preacher. These
advantages, though they did not prevent all interruption,
canard the experiments of that kind to meet with an unfa-
vourable reception, and several utterers of reprobate jokes,
though unnoticed by the p client and enduring preacher,
sneaked off ashamed of their speeches, which moved con-
tempt where applause was expected. Tile majority of those
who noticed him were unfriendly to outrage, and if they
did not profit by the sermon, they had English feeling
enough to admit that " all was fair in fair time."

It is our painful duty to record the death of Mr•. Ches.
lyn, wife of Richard Cheslyn, E.sl. of Langley Priory.
Leicestershire. The following statement of the evidence
upon the Coroner's inquest has been furnished to us by a
member of the family, at whose reqne,t it is inserted
" It appeared upon the examinations, that a snit in Chan-
cery had been instituted four or five years ago by Mrs.
Campbell (one of Mrs. Cheslyn's sisters) and her husband,
against Mr. Cheslyn and Mr. Thomas Barber. Mrs. Ches-
lyn bad, in consequence, been separated from the society
of her sisters, to whom she was most affectionately at-
tached; and ever since that time her health and spirits had
been rapidly declining. It was stated that some adverse
proceeding had recently been taken by Mr. Campbell, the,
contemplation of which, added to her already enfeebled
state both of body and mind. had produced a fever of the
brain, and totally deprived of reasan. /1a Sunday
morning last, she was missed from the h,,u•e. Immediate
inquiry was made, and she was discovered in the fishpond
near the house, quite dead. Every means was, however,
tried to restore her to life, and persevered in for nearly
four hones, hat without effect. The Jury found that she
had drowned herself in a fit of temporary mental derange-
men!."—(Derby Moreury.)
MiLANCHOLY Casa.—Mr. Halle was yesterday informed
by the Churchwarden of St. Martin's Parish, that be had
discovered the story told by the unfortunate young woman
who bad been induced to accompany her husband from
North Shields, to be in effect true. He bad seen the cap-
Min of a vessel from Shields, who was acquainted both
with her master and mother, and who proposed to convey
her home at his own cost. Mr. Halls said be would con-
sider bow far it would be prudent to let her depart before
some attempt had been made to discover her husband.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
''''"llllw--.
BE/TING.ATTATTERSAVS.-.AuG. 14.

DONCASTtR ST. LEG Itit .- I I to 4 apt Tinker—lS to 2 ilrit
Tancred—lb to 2 agst Sherwood-11 to 2 agst Claude Lie-
nine—lS to 1 Rest Palals Royal-14 to 1 agst Mr. Oa.-
coigne's filly--45 to I agst Comte d'Artols. Offer to back the
field against three.

GOODWOOD RACES.—Tuisvmr, Au°. 12.

The Old Goodwood Club Stakes of 2;1 toys. each, 13 ft. and
only five if declared, &c. with SO toys. added by the Old
Goodwood Club. Two miles.

Lord Egreinont's b. f. Biked, 3 yrs old, 7st. 41b.. .. I
Lord W. Lennox's b. m. Victorine. aged, 8it.... .. 1
Three subscribers paid lb cove. ft. and ten paid only a sovs.
each.

ThePurbrook Stakes 0115 so's. each, s.ft. for hunters ; Gen-

tlemen riders. Two miles.
Mr. A. Berkeley's b. m. Little Mah, 6 yrs old, Ilst. 41b.. I
Capt. Pechell's b. m. Lady Catherine, aged, I Ist. 111 h.... 2
Sweepstakes of 36 sous. (eel, 16 ft. for 3-yr-olds. Ooe
(Four Subscribers.)
Lord Egremont's b. f. El (rid. Sat. 71b. .. I
Duke of Richmond's gr. f. Dandizette, Sst. .. • ..
The Sussex Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 40 added from
the Racing Fund ; two mile hests (S Subs.)
Mr. Whiteside's b. c. brother to Antonio, 4 yrs old,
Set. 10Ib. .. I I

Duke of Richmond's gr. c. Swap. 4 yrs old, Sat. 2 dr
The first year of the Goodwood Makes of 20 soya. each, for
all ages; the winner to be sold for 230 gs. if demanded, &c.
Two miles. (3 SubscrPwrs.)
Deka of Richmond's gr. f. t)andizette, I yrs old, fist. Mb.. I
Lord Egremont's gr. c. by Y.Gohanna, S yrs old,ost.likb..

WEDNES DAY.
The Waterloo Stakes of S sots. each, with 40 added.
Mr. Scott's brother to Antonia, I yrs old • . • • I
Mr. Day's Victories, aged .... .. 4 2
Mr. T. Jones's eh. in. Prosody, 5 yrs old .... 2 3
Col. Wyrdharo's b. f. Otis .... .. 3dr
The Cocked list Stakes of 6 sm. each; list. 71b. each ; Ma.
allowed to those ridden by Gentlemen in cocked hats.
Lord G. Leonox's Swindon, by Lewis, aged
Capt. A. Berkeley's Little ?dab, 5 yrs old
The Ladies' Plate of 501. One mile heats.

.. 1

~ a

Duke of Richmond's gr. f. Dant!:setts. 3 yrs eld .. 1 I
Mr. Scott's brother to Antonio. 4 yrs old . • .. 2 2
Capt. Shirley's St. Laurence, 8 yrs old .. .. 3dr
Mr. Day's Victorine. aged .. .. 4dr
..
Handicap Stakes of 8 goys. each, 2 rt. with 20 added by the
City of Chichester. One mile.'
Mr. T. Jones's Prosody, 3 yrs old. 98t. 41b • • .. I
Mr. Day's Swindon, seed, Sst. 10th. ..
Mr. Berkeley's Little blab, 8 yrs old, Sst. Sib. • • .. 3

WORCESTER RACES.—TuzsdkV, Atm 12.
A Sweepstakes of 15 soya. each, for two-yr-olds.
Major Gore's b. f. Pheaiant, by Bustard ....... walked over.
The Woreestershire Stakes of 10 toys. each. Two miles.
Mr. Nest's Ang.lica, by Fyldener, 4 yrs old, 7st. 111 b. .. 1
Lord Warwick's b. c. Cardinal POT. 3 yrs old, Est. 9.b.... 2
Mr. Griffith's Broxlsh, 6 yrs old, fist. 91b.
The City Members' Plate. Two mile heats.
Mr. West's Sharper, by Octavltts, 4 yrs old ..
Mr. Painter's The M An, 6 yrs old
Mr. Mytton's Anti Radical, aged
Mr. Patrick's b. f. by Blucher, S yrs ed

.... 111
.... 4 2
.... 3 3
... 2 dt

OXFORD RACES. WKIONESTAT. AUG. 13.

Nothing could be worse than the race of this day. The City
Members' Plate of M. was won In two heats by Mr. D. FaulK-
ner's Unfortunate, beating Mr. Weller's Waverly. Mr.
Beechey's Man Friday. and Mr. Skeard's Emily. The Sweep-
stakes and 401. added, were not run f•,r, in conaevenee of lack
of horses. so that the whole amusement of Ike day was two
easy heats.

BROMYkRD RACES.—Wsusesotr, Aug. 6.

A Plate of 501, for maiden horses of all ages; heats, about t
mile and a half.
Mr. Devereux's bf by Sir thiver, 3 yrs, Est I Ilb I I
Mr. Painter's eh cby sellm, 3 yrs, 7st 3 2
Mr. Patrick's b f by Blucher, 3 yrs. Bit I Ilb
Mr. L. Chariton's b e Osllivanter, 4 yrs, Sat 21b , 4 4
Mr. A. Jones's br cby Llymahago, 4 yrs, Sat 21b. 5 3
THURSO k Y.

A Sweepstakes of 3 !tors each. for hunters not thorough bred ;

two mile heats (tea subscribers.)

Mr. Thomas named b. in kilsry, 6 yr+, which walked over.
In the evening, • Hon,l'cap Stakes of h toys. each, with 43
added, for horses of all denomination ; heats, about a wise

and a half.
Mr. Ousland's b c Transillence, 4 yrs. 7st Nib
Mr. Standford's gr. b. by Walton, 's yrs, Bst Blb 3 2
Mr. Daereux's b f by Sir 0:i ver, 3 yrs, 7st 21b. 2 dr

A curious circumstarel took place at Whitehouse, OM
Tuesday evening, 29th ult. John alWarlaie, a mai 59
years d age, and the father of I I children, undertook, for
a trifling wager, to carry ano•her mai, Michael M'Clusky,
eighty-five years of age, and upwards of eleven stone
weight, one mile, whilst a young lean, Itobert M.Farlane;
was running two. The race to .k pla-e on the shore road,
between the two and three mile stones. The old man cant 2
off victorious, amidst the shouts of hundreds of sp•ctat .rs,
having p-rformed his mile in sixteen minutes.—(Bel/art
News• Letter.)

AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR THE COUNTY OF.
LOUTH

Notwithstanding the heavy and incessant rains dnrinz-
the pree.•ding month, the wheat has sustained but little ap-
parent injury. Some fields exhibit partially prostrated spots;
yet, on a close examination, there is not the slightest indica-
tionof blight or smut, bat, on the contrary, the swelling
ears seem to be rapidly advancing Fs health and vigo it to
full maturity—and undcr genial influence of the pres.nt
fine, though rather cool and unseasonable weather, there is
no doubt entertained but that the sickle will be busily ein
*yeti in this county before the Initial. of Sptemher.
On the whole, though the wheat crop will not be so abun-
dant as it was last year, yet there it every reason
to anticipate the certainty that the quality of the
grain will be much superi r. ilarl-v presents an in.
finitely better appearance than it d:d last summer,
and it is gratifying to perceive that a greater quan-
tity than usual itss been sown this year, as the cur-•
stimption which the new distilleries will open fur it
will be extensive. Oats look remarkably fine, and
promise a mist prolific crop. In consequence of the con-
stant rains, upland hay has been materially injured, and
many luxuriant bottom meadows have been seriously
damaged, if not destroyed by frequent inundations.—
Flax is unusually good. 'turf has suffered extremely, and
there can be no amain but that a scarcity of this very ne-
cesaary article of fuel will be severely felt in the ensuing
winter. Owing to the unusual humidity of the season, the
potato crop (the apes :maximum of the poor) appears in
nourishing luxuriance, and bids fair, to be comparatively
superahundant, when contrasted with the produce of fur-
user years.
Ards*, August 8, 1813.

CORN EXCR.INGE, AUG. 1.5.--The cootinusnce of fine
weather, and the li • tie disposition that the consumers feel to
augment their stock, bare placed oar markets in a complete -
stagnation, so much sotbat not a single sale has been made
of any kind of grain except Oats, which article supports
Monday's quotation, as it is now fully known that the punts
will Dot open, the opinion of the law offices being in
favour of the Boston return. All other grain must be gnats i
the same as last Monday,
NIRITHVIRLD M•RXIIT.••••TI•O supply at Market this
morning was fully snakiest for the trade, and the prices
of all descriptions of rank cesspit, much the same. as on
last market day ; Beef, 3.. to 4s, Y.I. ; Mutton, 3s. 2d. to
41. 2d.: Veal, 4s. to Ss. t (mak 4s. to ss.

.--COURT OF CHANGIEMY, THURSDAY, Atm= 14.

F -~

7,

GoURLAY V. THE DUKE pi 5014ERSEH.
Mr. flourlay renewed his address in this case at the sit-
:ng of the Court, and continued it till 3 o'clock in the of-
teroinao. He read through, and occasionally commented
noon. all the previons proceedings in the Courts of Law
and Equity. A corsiderable portion of his remarks went
in deprecation of the Duke of Somerset. the witnesses on
the trial, and the lawyers employed on both *Wee.
Mr. HART interposed, to shield the character of his No.
Ile Client from aspersions which were undeserved, and in-
compatible with the proceedings of the Court.
The Loan CHANCELLOR suggested, that some allowance
must be made to the circumstances and feelings of the plain-
tiff, whom, however, he checked in a course of rather un-
gracious reflections cast upon the Duchess of Somerset,
touching female dominion in matrimony.
Mr. HART replied.
The Loon CHANCELLOR took a review of the whole of
the proceedings. He observed, that the appeal should hay.
been brought earlier, being against the original decree of
the Master of•the Rolls. Whereas the Noble defendant
had consented to go to trial, hail paid the anti. awarded by,
the verdict, and had guile to trial a second time on his ap-
peal against the verdict. His Lordship, however, would
not undertake to determine on a question which was com.
prised in papers of such extent and bulk as those in the
cause, without reading those papers through ; and lie could
pot, in justice to the other suitors, who hail been longer
before the Court, ndertake to read them through in the
course of the next two days. The case must stand over fur
the present, and he would deal with it on the first opportu-
nity at the next sittings of the Court. With respect to the
observations of M r. Gourley on the characters of individuals,
he must aleclare.that for the greater part, they were calum-
nies, and the publication of them would render them highly
Hirhad only permitted them to go on to the
length that Mr: flonrisy had carried them, from a regard to
the distressed and amines circumstances under which Mr.
ilmiclay bad appeared before the Court.
The proceedings took op the time rill o'clock.

shall be made before a Magistrate within 24 hours after the
offence has been committed.
The evidence of Byers, the witness, was in most cases the
came. He went to 130 shops in one day, and took care that
there were none but females within at the time. He asked
for a threepenny loaf, and there being no such thing, he
asked fur a hatfluartern, and on a loaf being given, he
brOught it away without being weighed.
A respectable master baker atiended from the west end
of the town, who had for many years attended the Commit.
tees of the House of Commons upon Bread Arts. He was
surprised at the Magistrate's construction of the present
Act, for he knew it was not the inten•ion of the Legis-
lature.
Mr. TWYPORD said, he guided himself by the words of
the Statute, nor could lie by any other mode know the in-
tention of the Legislature. There was one omission in the
conduct of the seller: if he weighed, it would have been
evidence that he sold by weight. He convicted in the low-
est penalty, and the parties might appeal.
The parties convicted immediately gave notice of their
intention to appeal.
TOWN-DALL.—William Marshall, (who applied some
days since at Union Hall for a warrant against a man of the
name of John Ball, for taking forcible possession of the
pickled bead of an Indian Chief, but which he himself bad
previously taken from die rightful owner, and which appli-
cation was refused by the Magistrate), was this day sem-
moned before Mr. Alderman Wool), the sitting Magistrate
at this office, to show cause why he detai re 1 the said head
from the owner, Jobe Ross, as well as three pictures, his
property, taken from him at the came time.
John Ross stated to the Magistrate, that the head in
question was presented to bim a short time since, with the
benevolent view of aiding him, by the gratuitous acknow-
tedgments of those, whose curiosity might lead them to
view i ; previous to this, be hail endeavoured to ohtai■ an
honourable subsistence hy the exertion of his talents in
painting fancy profiles in water colones, which, being his
own manufacture, lie tendered for sale. Such was the case
when he entered the shop of Mr. Orrice, a tailor, in 'rooley.
street, on Fridayohe Bth 'net. having in his possession the
said bead, and three pictures in gilt frames, in a canvas
bag ; the son of Mr. Grew., a boy of about ele►en years of
age, brought down the defendant, who was a lodger in
Oroce's house, to view the head, and who after turning it
several times in his hands, seised it as not having paid the
King's duty, demanding at the sane time his liceace for
hawking; and producing feuin his pocket part of a staff,
Raid he shot►M take him before the Magistrate at Union
Hall. In their way thither the defendant demanded the
three pictures, which he, the complainant gave up to him;
that the police office being shut the defendant asked bins
to take a pint of beer, and toey went into a public hoase.
which be the complainant soon liter left and repaired to
his friends. He hail repeatedly appli-tol to the defendant for
a restitution of his property without effect, an 4 now sum-
moned him to answer for his refusal.
Mr. Shannon informed. Alderman Wood that lie had
paid eight pounds fee the head, which lie load given to the
complainant from the motives stated, knowing him► to be
a man of considerable talent and in embarrassment. and
that be had been honoured by the notice of her late Majesty
Queen Charlotte, as well as the late ingenious Earl Stan-
hope, aria hail also received several premiums from the So-
ciety of Arts.
'I he defendant said in his defence, that the pictures were
offered to hint for sale, and given into his hand. He was then
shown the head, which he seised, a' he conceived he was
authorised to do, the complainant nut being licensed as a
hawker, and the head not having paid the King's all valo-
rem duty of 50 per rent. The Custotn-house books expresdy
mention pickled or tattooed heads.
Alderman Woon—How came you to know the bead had
not paid duty ?
Defendant.—The complainant produced no voucher.
Alderman Woo e. —A re you a cuetom•honse officer?
The defendant said he was nut, but a county constable.
and proceeded to say. that on placing the head into the
bag, a journeyman tailor,. who ait on the board, named
John Bull, caught it up, saying he had an equal right to
it with the defendant, and seizing a Biome hoard, threat-
ened to cleave him with it if he attempted to regain it ;
that not willing to raise a riot, be left it while he went
to Union Hall with the complainant, and has never had
the head in his possession since. He was willing to return
the pictures.
Mr. Uroce said, the head was packed op in a handker-
chief by Bull, who left the shop and has never been heard
of since.
Alderman WOOD said, there was no proof whatever of
hawking, and that the defendant had been guilty of a rob•
fiery, for which he should hold hint to bail until the
Sessions. That it was his wish to uphold officers in the
faithful discharge of their duties; but to punish with se.
verity au improper exercise of authority, which the de-
fendant had been guilty of to a gross anti most unwarrant-
able degree.
The defendant then entered into sureties to appear at the
Sessions.

On Wednesday last, Joseph Dale, one of the murderers
of Mr. Wood, near Disley, was apprehended at Liverpool,
where he had been lurking since the murder. He had en.
deavoured to enlist into the service of the East India Coin.
pany, but was rejected. The bill offering a reward of 401.
for the apprehension of the murderers, led, by the descrip-
tion affixed, to the discovery of his person. He is commit •
ted to Lancaster for trial.—(Hanehester Herald.)
An ADJOURNED INQUEST.—The Inquest on the body If
John Hawkes was adjourned in consequence of the carman
against whom some blame was attached, not being present.
On Wednesday he was taken before Mr. Alderman Wood,
and committed till the final determination of the Jurors
should be known. Yesterday lie personally attended the
Jury, and stated that in passing Threadneedle-street,
where the deceased was on a ladder about 1 I o'clock last
Saturday, he led his horse along ' • just as he came to the
ladder there was a descent that drew the tail of the cart
quite round, and it was beyond his power to stop the
horse, before the wheel had glanced from a stone against
the end of the ladder, and the deceased fell. The Jury
retired for near an hour, and on their return found a ver-
dict of Accidental Death. Deodand ss. on the wheel,

BIRTHS.—On Wednesday, the 13th inst. in Euston-square, the Lady or
George Medley, Esq. of the Bast India House. of a soli.
At Battle Abbey, Sussex, on the 4th inst. the Lady of T. Bracken, Esq. of
a still-born child.
M A RafED.—Vesterday, at St. George's, Hanover-square, C. 51.
Esq. eldest son of Wm. Williams. Esq. M. P. to Anna Maria, eldest daughter
of Samuel Scott, Baq. M. P. of Bundrklge Park, Kent, sad granddaughter e
Sir Claude Scott, Baal. of Lytchett 31inster, Dorset.
On Tuesday last, at St. Clement's Dawes. Robert Young, Sp. of name'
street, to Miss Frances Blanch Roberts, of the Strand.
H. W. Brewer, Esq. of Waatage, Berke, to Mary, twin daughter of the Isle
William Burrows, Esq. of Smith Lambeth, Surrey.
DIED.-4.5n Monday, the 11th inst. Fanny Clement, fourth daughter of
Henry Desborougla, jun. Zs+ of the Atlas Assurance Office, aged ft months.
On the Bth inst. after a long and painful illness, Frances, wife of James
Ulan, of Foley-plane.
Oath* 16th alt. at Palermo, whore he was prosecuting his studies as an ar-
chitect, Mr. Wm. Harris, only eon of Wm. Harris, Rsq. of Norton :Diet
Fltaroy-square.
At his seat at Brackenstown. near Dublin, on the loth inst. Alderman
Mandms, in his 80th year. In 1794, be was Sheriff—in 1902, Lord Mayor.
Ranelagh, on Meaty, the 14th lustant,"after a short illness, IH Anne
Paelt,daurhter of the late Key. Dr. Richard Pack, of the College of
kennyt and cousin Witte late Major-General Sir Denis Peek.

ID •
lAN

Pi
•tiee

A'
pioui
Coun

Pop,
By 1
Loi

Lead

B'

liarp •
as it le
saute
Vairou
eur to
one
and ii
in awl
Man
al bidi

Let 1w
was IN
be par
Air
a larre
yea Pi
Paatbe
Mawr

t'otehl
dieing.
natltts
to led
WWII

liner
motif}.•
Virery
4v. Aim
tietertit
PM' brig
al% ard
11,1846
Ultii
best, I
0/Ira
Pate&
IN. 1
Aretijk
!!'mPe
