N:

"

• ' .

.

1 _..

... K ~~

;:,; -.

'-~

••• •

. Z

'Y

c

E

~.~
~_

:~

The folleetlitit I. the sobsteorce of Miss Dalton's
1kidewa1t....4.1141 11 poses of age. My father we a
amirchant, tied vetided et Birmingham; hot from the
imbue reseed state of his circumstances, found it ne.
Oessary some time ego to leave the country. My
Oster* and I, to whmit hotted given'. good education,
cemailied Whose. Early in September I went into
the family of Mr. Shipman, as gowning to his three
daughterst *AC eldest of wheal is nearly 14, the se.
tend 40, and the third 7. On .Friday the 19th of
December, I was violently 111 With a pain in the chest,
sod a heaviness, and I' retired to my loom about
Seven o'clock. 'Between eleven end twelve the ter.
mit, Clete Johnson, came to ask how I was. Has.
leg received oin abatement of pain, 1 told her I was
exceedingly ill, and begged this she would ask whe.
ther I should bathe my feet in warm water. On her
mere the girl told me that her mistress had sent to
dies master, end he would be op directly. Before I
bad time ticeopress my disapprobation of so eon*.
oplinary en intention on the part of Mr.
Sranmens he; entered the room. Haviog covered
way .heaol with the bed-clothes, and made no reply to
bis enquiry how I was,. be pulled down the clothes,
took-434.1h nay bawls, and placed me by force on my
bath, mete look at hiin full in the face.
he asked in. what was the matter with me? I
said I bade violent pain in my chest. lie asked me
"here my. ettelt was; and I said he must know;
hid that lie was ending with me. He then desired
Giera.'us fine' 11.. MP hfillldp. qtr. went 110*0 for it.
Tho children were ill the room, but they were asleep;
ettleos.go was in bed with me. When Clara
igitilicjoiet be put his hand over the upper part of
Poielosoln't +add me the pain •was not in my
chest, but in ens so.mach. My endeavour to remove
his ,kriod was quite 4ruirless,•for I was extremely
weak, and my breath was so violently affected as to
',tinder me wholly incapable of remonstrating with
blot. The first words I addressed to him when he
entered the room were; that I had not sent for him,
but for Mrs. Shipinsu. When the girl returned with
the brawl), he. removed his hand from my bosom.
and obliged me to take some brandy, after which I
entreated bins to leave the room, which •he at first
geln'..l, hut afterwards consented to do, declaring
bowaver, that Clara should go, and that no one
shield stay with nub, whether I was well or ill.
Veda went away together. • Absot five o'clock in
the morning I awoke in great pain, and was
gait. hysterical; my cries awoke Mr. Shipman's
-eldest daughter, who jumped out of bed and
ran to her parents' room. Mr. Shipman came in a
4ew moments after his daughter had left the room,
'but said nothing, and went away immediately.
Clare ttbmt came, and said her master had ordered her
tedreits and take me down. 1 refused to go, saying
to the girl that the bed was better for me, as I was ill.
Ile celled repeatedly to know whether I was coming
,tiown.; and 1, finding objections, useless, mold the
girl she might dress se and -take me down. He was
at Ma bottom oldie stairs, with s candle io his band;
he had on a night-cap and waistcoat, but no coat,
'and he assisted the girl in • bringing me Into the room,
where before a large fire, there west sofa, on which
be placed me. I complained of the excessive heat,
tea *Mehl* asst Class for the lea..things,:ind tad
the &elite mot hotter thaw I could bear it. My
breath grew worse, sod 1 Celt dimsdfully ill. MAIM
seemeet the girl entered with coal and tea•tbisgs.
Ale insisted on my taking tea, and raised me op ter
the purpose of doing so. Upon ceropeisiow I leek
two cups, sod he said 1 should hate a third. These
is s cupboard in the room, where different kis& et
dregs ere ikept, amongst which is laudanum. Mew j
hi brought the third. cap be went to that cupid
and filled it there. I refused to take it. He stew I ,
ahouldverpivaised me op, and presented the cup N
my mouth.. I perceived the smell was nauseous, sod
again refuted. lie tlechired that I should, or be
would drench me with it: at theisame time he took
bold of me by the_ nose, forced it down soy threat

most violeotly, and threw me down on the sota. lie
sat on the sofa. One of my teeth was b►oken,
bat whether it was at that time or not I don't
know. Clara came it; while he was drenching
m with the tea, and be desired her to take the
bone out of my stays. I was in iiolent agoiy,
Ined her -It to do it is

i. •

-*

4or

_.AOItDINARY (USE. for the family: He
sofa n o t Ititepen. As well as
LElCEilirrt ItSsizES, Johit 31. to ColgtqFio bid; but Ife chid It
Michael Shipetpt, a thssenter,U man of property, sh°°l4l"lllO9*.ndke'"lni
tesideot in Ili4ekten withinthirteen miles d.l Lei. ciriti"volowot.awrlllo pre",'
.
'tenor?was collidloaftstor die Complaint of a beae. ,O ,P) lan writ to d° her hoiT
tiful girt, tutodul Enottlii MIND. He took Ms seat at 4,01""" nd romped ihellbertk
~..
the table opposite the *Fitness's boa, and had frequent moment Clan colneibtAhlWe
canoikuiticrflpni with his &Inciter during the trial,•
which lasted warn hours. The indictment charged
with hating moaned Miss Dalton, mild
admi-
.• . •nisteriog laudanum, or some other exciting drug, for
" •-•-••••itmrllll7poll6'Cif producing -uncriosicorisnets, insensi-
bility, or excitement in shut yoeng Lady, with the
elheendering her subservient to his passions.—
..I 4 Tdierw.were other counts in the it;dictmenty one of
, tshicit charged him with a common assault.
- Mr. CLAansa opened the case, whith, heseidr was
Cite most aggravated one he had ever heard; He made
no other continent upon 'it than that the evidence
would he found incontrovertible; that it would dis-
close a system of villainy the most depraved ; and
-that the honour of the sea and common humanity de.
' en attention from the Jury incapable of being
.prejudiced by •an address •to their•feelings, uasep•
ported by powerful Jestimuny. He railed the Pro.
/*tonsils. Upon getting into the box, she trembled,
esceedingly. . It wouki be difficult tn•doscrlbe,the
effoot produced by her appearance. In her town,
termite., which wore the marks of thought and sor-
row, could She th& evidenco4 of former hap.
•pineas. The spectators turned with horror to her
libeler, whit presented a hideous contrast. His
lead was covered with Wok red 'hair. He now end
then 1, grinned horribly, ghastly sieile,". cape.
chilly when his Counsel Was proceoding.to draw in.
ierewees from this evidence which led him to enter-
tain a vain hope.

....-

the last sop a tee,
cups. 1 hate siiitb Swett laudanum in tee, and it is
ivy Arm beliettiret tandems was mixed in the third
cop. My Moms locreastd, Stud Clara, by his order,'
itor-me to bed, where! grew worm. Mrs. Shipman
came in on hearing me scream, and Mr. Shipman
mad. me take castor oil. What occurred treat that
time Sin fear its the afternoon, I was wholly un-
Innscinus of. -On Seuday I' felt better, and con.
trued 710 sit to dinner, after which Airs. Ship-
Man proposed to her husband to ge to chapel.
went up to my own room, Mrs. Shipman went to
chapel, and Mr. Shipman came to me while was
lying en tlinbird, and insisted on my going down.---
I 'told hint I *avid cry minder if he persisted in re.
moving me, for I was dreadfully ill: fie used all
the persuasive arguments he could to induce me to
go down; said he had not gone to chapel ou my re-
count, and all tine refit were oat. I said he 'was
had mss, and supplicated him to have me. Finding
that I was bent upon not going down, be brought up
a large goblet full of brandy 'and water. I said it
was not brandy, ,turd refused to take ans. U.
threatened to drench me with it, and stood over ate till
I drank it every drop. I was then in hysterics, had
dreadful fits of c►ying, and lost all reeollection of,
what occurred. 'On the following morning I was
awoke by Mr. Shipman's kisses. Ile told me how
mach his wife and children loved me, and that he laved
me more.ten times, /*complained of the insult he
had offered me, awl saki I shook! Worth Mrs. Skir

-•-• LVI 1116 , I pew
of bis rile cendeol. Uniformed Mrs. Shipman of it.
My illness continued with ewabated violence; and
though I espressed a with to see Mr. Payer, the ser-
vos, and anntlinr.esedisal nran, I yes denied by
Mr.and Mrs. Shipman.' At length I saw Mr. Power
on Tuesday': told him- they Met given me dif-
ferent kinds of medicine; that I hail requested love
him, hut had been termed; that I was very unhappy,
bad been used. very ill, Ink had neither time nor
power to tell him more. 1 eentinued delirious for a
fortnight; the last thing a roseitiberpd was Mr.
Power's coming. . From Mr. Shipman's I was re-
moved to the vicarage in a sedan, entil I got better.J
In my bed-room there was no .bell. There was, Ir
believe, a key in the door, but Mrs. Shipman begged
I would never lock the deli'', through fear of fire or
the illness of the children. I stayed a week at the
vicarage, hum whence I -*reit to-toy sent's lodgings
at Birmingham. Before the Friday ihe had taken salts
and calomel, and other drugs, for a cold, by desire of
the Prisoner. lit her cross.nantinatinn by Mr.
Denman, she merely repeated her former statement.
The object of .tte Learned Coonsel was to obtain
some admissioes which might leave an impression
that the l'risoner's conduct was dictated by a feel-
ing of compassion, which was nilisken fasolove.—
The witness again stated, that all misname* was int.
possible; her breath es well as strength having been
affected, and an unnatural sensation having, in cite-
sequence oft he dregs, pervaded her. . • .
Clara Johnson deposed, that she Hired es tervent
to Mr. Shipman, and gave an account of the con.
duct of her master perfectly confirmatory, as far as
it went, of the given by Miss Dairen. She describ-
ed the state of health of the young Lady as most de-
Worship, and remembered that when she 101(1 her
master how ill she was, he said that was jest what he
wanted. She added, find when her mistress went to
chapel on Sunday, her master came to her and sent
her out with the child before she had time to clean
herself; and that when Mr. Power came to see Mies
Dalton, Mr. Shipman hang down his bat is a great
rage, and said be was sodium.
Its her erots-easmination, she bet increased the
evidence against the Prisoner. She heard Miss Dat-
um say in her delirium, that her master bad broken
her tooth ; and while she was deprived of her seuses,
Mr. Shipman put his hand upon her person.
Martha [ley, the nurse, who ethreded Miss Dal-
ton on Weduesdsy night, deposed, that she was quite
delirious, and that Shipman had acted while she was
so in ihe manner described. Apia he came, and
asked whether Mist Dalton had asked for him ? to
which witness replied, 6 6 that she bad in her deli-
Hum." Ah, poor girl," said be, '4 she always
*aka for me."
Mr. Power, surgeon, of Hinckley, said he visited
Miss Dalton on Tuesday, the s3d of December,
when he found her very faint. She had a small and
frequent pulse, and complained of a pain in the
head, and coldness in the feet, and looked races-
sively ill. Ehe made the communication to him which
she bad stated to the Court. Oil Wednesday morn-
nig she was much worse : she bad spent a delirious
night, her poise had increased in action, and,tha
witness recommended another opinion to he taken.
She was very delirious, but her complaint was at.
tended with lucid intent.. Witelhas was' not pre-
pared to say that laidanum would produce libidi-
nousness—a small dose would produce excitement—
a laige one stupor.
Mr. WYMAN, for the define', attempted to show
that Miss Dalton must base construed the wish to
render medical assistance into nothing else than love,
and the application of the necessary medicines for the
correction of a natural disorder into the administer.
ing of philters and the force of mighty magic. He
showed how dangerous it was to allow the child to be
separated at so perilous an age from her natural pro,.
teeters, and attributed the madness of the girl •to the
impetuous current of her passions. •

The ledge summed ep the evidence, and quickly
laid before the Jury the enteral iniquities of which
there had been stool. abundant proof. Ile particular.
ly dwelt upon the example to a wife and children in
the complicated baseness of Shipman's conduct to an
helpless end unprotected female.

. not ru _ while he Was .
went oni. I thought I watt espitlng. Tho Jury retorned a ',milt :tot—Guilty.
ring the bone retired, lle caws and The Judge immediately passel sentence to the do.
•fthesob,atdtare hand lIMPPO en. light of the Court. , Mr. ghlposen was adjudged to
ties then woe. upon my person. Too pay a fine of 1001. and to be imprisoottd for It talent.
and boreniosed his hands, with one 01 dar months.
held both sine. In answer to his This WIS die esti latticed% come daring the At.
said the bad come to preps," di row Dian.

_"r-~ 1

•

THE STATESMAN.


_

LONDON* :
MONDAY, AUGUST Si ISM

The operations of America spied the Spaniels'
possession of Florida continues so excite Muth weal.
Lidos. These operations are certainty of the stalest
consequence. Spain and Europe cannot be indif-
ferent to them. But whet a silly figure itOn
petticoat King of the two worlds new rut ! And,
what can his friends the Legitimates now do to help
him not of this fresh scrape, and keep down the Re-
poeticises. Will they give him the 66 military
strength sufficient to perfo'rm his Tqaties," the wise
treaties, by which he undertook to s;erp the Siminole
savages in order, and insure to America a ,quiet
neighbnorkomt on her &anthem frontier? Alasi'
poor FERDINAND ! thy title to a sceptre, whether,
Indian or European, is indeed of a very feeble kind.
The reasons assigned by America for this appropria-
tion are estrernely plausible. The Seminole Indians
have, for more than two )ears past, marched through
the Spanish province to attack the American fron-
tier, anti in their passage they eetnpelled the
Spaniards to glee them ammunition. If this be true
it justifies the meanie of present occupation; and
that It is so we can scarcely doubt, since the Spanish
Authorities are elated to have admitted it. It is
upon the use *hid% shall be ultimately made of
the occupation—upon the performance •r non-

performance of. General JACKSON% promise to
restore the territory, when the King of SPAIN (a
tong look)' shall be able to defend it, that the
*ace of the transaction most depend. if Ame-
rica i; disposed to *dry tbis invasion by pre.
cedent, she will be •t no loss to (pate @samples
of this worthy principle, from the records of our
Copeuhagen end Indian espfolts. We could only
desire to see the Government of she United States

find some equally cogent and indispotable motives for
giving assistance to and liberating the Provinces where
the aim of tyranny and superstition is endeavour-
ing to rivet its fetters in blood and to perpetuate the
slavery of millions.
' We find by the American buratto, that the Gover-
nor of St. 'hepatitis, in East Florida, had been
making preparation, for an expected attack by the
trope under JACIEsOn ; but it does hot appear that
the latter had any intention of visiting that quarter.l
The policy of America appears equal to her
strength. Like Russia, she has only to look on, and
take advantage of the folly and weakness of other
Powers. Of this strength the Americans are fully •
conscious. We have received the Mobile Gazette
Extra, bringing down the detail of events at Baran.
cas, the principal defence of West Florida, to the
30th May, upon which another American Paper
makes the following pithy remarks " Private let-
ters from Pensacola, ststelthat the Ex-Governor MA-
sot was highly exasperated, and threatened what
terrible things he would do when he should tattles at
the Ilavannah. It is impossible to say what steps the
Captain-General will take when his courage is
screwed to the sticking point. We should not be
surprised to hear that he has embargoed Ame-
rican vessels, and sequestered American pro•
potty within his reach. We hardly believe that
he will have the temerity to order hi's cruizers to
intercept American vessels at sea. lie knows that'
such a measure on his part would produce an a wfull
retaliation—he knows that it would be immediately
followed by the blockade of every harbour in his
island, and it is not in the prudence of a Spanish
°Seer unnecessarily to involve himself in difficolties.
lie will await the orders of his masters; who, finding
himself deprived of his Stakes, will probably be more
willing to receive an amicable acquittal for all the
demands of the United-States than to " try dee woo.,
profitable contest of which can do the other the most
harm•"
Letters of the 28th of June, from the Havannah,
assert, that the Governor had declared lie intention
not to interfere in any way with the inloccoosee be.
tweet, that 'mutated the United States, until he should
receive instructions on the subject of the Spanish
Government.

-

An important question arises on this topic of
Areericam aggrandisement. What part will England
e•ke ? Will she, as her interest dictator, nay, as the
impoverished situation of her trier-burdened People
requires, remain neuter; or is she, with her present
Debt, to commence another war against America,
merely to please the Royal petticoat embroiderer, or
perhaps in obedience to the orders of the " Holy Al-
Hance." The fact that twelve sill of the line are or-
rdered to be :equipped, speaks ominously on this
subject. But (we speak it with humiliation) great
as our naval power mjy be, when properly directed,
it is now beyond the power of England to restrain
America. However desirable it may Appear to some to
depress the power of the United Stases, foitenately
for liberty and Roman happiness, it is now impossible'

, _

to their. •

e

R.A,...:.~.~V „ ~ s:

.4?
c lei. '1
1.011.

destrectiu.„
their beg
'9 Iwo.
midoplyi.l
*bet I
-44 of theme
gtntie. gliir Brno. become too greet tette.-
mighty to be sebdesd,were the whole world to eegeph
the mad design; and we rejoice at ihe fact. Ameireel
) testy a land of liberty ; she stands in the proud situ
laden which England once occepied, stretching"
her arm to receive and embrace the' perseeeted ssl
Oppressed of all coentriet. We cannot forget git
the People of the United Steles are the desteadlek
of Britons, that they seem destined to make thew
'eon! British character, and the English laver,
known to the end of time—and theiefore rte 414
their prosperity as becomes Bfitottl, the friends et
liberty, and defenders of human rights. Speieaty
attempt resistance, but that resistance will not cult
be sails ;to her-it will be worse ; k will be the he
:of alt her American possessions.
By ad vices front the Spanish Main, k toppers ad
there had been no reneontre of any impo.tantsse,
tweets the Patriots and Rosstists since she aim it
Various, oe the 20th or 214 of Met in sthiru tee
letter claimed the victory. Montt.t.o was .tilt'
Valencia, not having entirely recoueved from, et
wounds. Ile had pet to death three Patriot alicen,
one of them named MORALES, wher-had been ends
prisoners. Seers New England fishing vessels tete
captered let Jene east in the Bay of Fendy, by tie
Syren sloop of near, one of which effected her 'saps`
latter they were citified into Digby Isarbonts

• ,

-
The war in India may he consideredis completely
terminated. Letters have been received from na
Cape of Good Hope• of the 9th May, stating, that I
vessel had arrived there from Calcutta• which phi,
she left on the 20th of February, with intelligence
that the Marquis of HASTINGS bad signed a defini.
tire Treaty of Peace with HOLKAR and Scums,
and that the troops were inconsequence ordered into
cantonments.—The same letters further state, that
a new 74-gun ship, built of teak, and called the
Hastings, was to sail from Calcutta for Madras, it
the 6th Mirth, to take troops on board for England.
_We have received the French Papers to the ht
inst. General CANULL'S CM of calumny was to •
come on again on Saturday lest. The General Ins
summoned the Prefect of the Rhone, thrt Ea-Prevost
of Lyons, and some other persons ee witnesses io his
favour. • The King proceeded os Thersday lest from
Remboeillet to St, Cloud, thereto preside at a Caren
al of his Ministers. Those Popets give a tosymet
rather laughable account elf the bunting myrtles*
Hansbonillet, on Tuesday last, for which considerable
preparations had been made. The King, in a hunt
ing drest followed tke chats is alkalse. The Atka
az Beans appears to to have been Intent on a goblet
game—namely, hunting deserters. Ho and his at.
tendants having caught two poor ragged fellows iff
the forest; the King, subsequently pawed a patio,

From Frankfort it is stiffed, that by the decision
the Diet, it has been arranged that the ermy of the
Germanic Confederation is toconsist of leversl corps,
the composition of which is to be regulated by the
Diet upon steographkel mind political bases. Austria,
Prussia and Bavaria, will each form a separate corp.,
the Cpmmanders of which ;se to be appointed by
those Powers respectively. The contingents of the
other Powers of Germany are to be formed into corps,
but respecting the detail of this pert of the arrange-
meut the Diet have net yet decided. It is stated,
that it has been proposed to the Military Committee.
of the Diet of Frankfort to erect without delay tare
new fortresses upon the Upper German Rhine, it
order to complete the line of defence epee that flier,'
but the decision of the question had been delayed
chiefly upon the point of the eapence. It is also
said, that (Moberg, threw- leagues from Kehl, is to
he made a fortress of the first class, and that the tor•
tifications of Old lirisac a►e to be restored.

The King of PitUSSIA Well to snake • public enter
into St. Petersburg'', on the sth tolt.—The disputer*
tram Vient.a of the Empettafir‘siti empress of
Aurrat.t is fixed to take place in she proment month
ey will not return till the middle et October*
Flanders Mails and German Papers hese arrived
since our last, bat their contents are of mi. import.
au ce.

The Manchester Papers received ta.slay, do not
enable us to state, that matters hale been simmer,.
dated between the Workmen and their Employers;
but the deportment of the Spinners continue to he
peaceable and nrdor ly. •To suppose, for a moment.
that politic:ass connected with the turning-out of
workmen, for an increase of wages, is perhaps tit.,
ceeded only by the brazen' engine plot; yet
The Courier talks of m.•re disturbances, of 64 MOdeta
philanthropists, called Reformers, having poisoned
their minds," and of dragooning the 6' laser..
gent Spinners" into their low-priced employmeat
These statements would but excite our ridicule et;
contempt„did we not seriously believe, that Mod:
who make them know they wilt have their due Wet*
in a certain quarter, and that they are intended to
place the neighbourhood once more under mar.
tial law ! stare of th;ngs at Manchester
is much to be deplored, boldt`in a local and a na-
tional view. Locally, because the operations of in.
dewy are suspended, and the public tranquillity
endangered—and nationally, because, these feeds
between the masters and their wcrkmen, may serve

*one out or tn)
sad I motioned
:.
411* room. He a
' airs on removi
Olt et the foot o 1
I - js. restrained liberti
servaottarneino
which ire had 1
1 imqeirys de sekl
t'
•\..
~1
If • •

.blomi cod
trest!reedtier:cl:::4geore"threceh,
I:ll:ebets:ettoltnnyallb4l4.pasit •
,•• , • , • - ... • „.• ;:- - • • ' •.)
.I.r .-1747-5714
• , • • • \ .
.40F ' • , • .0 :4
STAIrESMAN: • • :
•
•
le desired her to remove me en tine •tO . MORROW • :LOTTERY OKA for CO4Mli4riej• hisel4gtovod
MI. AS wets Si 1 weld itele Iste MO* TOO 4* '62•1" IX° ler°. 81G.P43* tot ; 01114 *Qs • twitineis ti ottemptil
I. but ife said k was useless for 1. CLARErcrOlito MADEIRA•O ODbbt. Q bLY 84:43° it would OW bete
kelferwreeshree-liito the to 1l kii4 TICK. 44; It., •s and deur'
While the'Eitepeolis Ration Niel,' t tit
asearibo pre; and pit tbersiattes
o d• her business, and be sate be- i 9
,etttet:,(7. STOCKS /1119 DAY Ai 0111 A O'CLOCA
4 per Cent. 97 disement, Ilse {tiled Slates bate been ens'
ed the iiherties I alluded to, At that 9"""'per iTot- fie& nit. 5 per Mei. Ma•y 105 ff
relts.,..tbore uses a omissions taste in 3 iwr Cent:Consult 770 Landiframmatimld. fair 91,r16
and
direzretesonedrinceeg
as ont ill either of the other Per Ceat.. VS
1.1., • • Lomeli; for Ace. Eicarquer Bids 16 p
