HOP INTELLIGENCE.

CANTERIKURY. OCT. 4.—Our first hop-market was
held yesterday, but very little bnsiness was done. A
few small lots were sold in pockets at 78s. and SO*. per
cwt., but we believe none of the principal Canterbury
or East Kent growths were offered. Our accounts
from the great plantations mention a falling off at least
one third from their appearance while standing. We
have letters from what are called the country grounds
about Alton, in Hants, which complain of the same de-
crease, and from those accounts it is probable that the
calculation of the buyers, via, to 200,0001. duty
will prove erroneous, and that prime East Kents will
soon be in great demand.—(licatish Gazette.)
CRANIBROOK. &CPT. 29,-e—This fair was thinly at-
tended, and less business done in the hop trade than
usual, owing to the very low prices offered ; the high-
est price we heard of for very good Kent pockets was
565., per cwt. There was but little stock, and very
-few sold ; a pretty large chew of horses, but chiefly of
the inferior kind. A greater stagnation of business
and scarcity of money Mai never witnessed.
SOUTHWAIK, oc7. 3.—The current prices of new
Hops are. bags, 455. to 68s.—Pockets. 50s. to 701. up
to 80s. per cwt. and a demand for geed ones.—Tbere
bas still been bet few East Kent or Canterbury Hops
(especially good ones) sold on this market.—The duty
gets down. as it is now estimated, at only 175,0001.

rt -
I
ts
LISVION, Sr.,
lives happy situations in which the heart of wan seems,
idgroan under the weight of the satisfaction wbich,
he feels, while a delicious delirium at the same, time
leaves the mink as it were, without the faculty of
pressing the felicity which it enjoys. Such was our
situation in the share we took on this happy day, in
the general satisfaction, such without doubt was that
of all the heroic inhabitants of this capital—such the
impression on the minds of all men of whatever nation
they may be, who feel the dignity of their rights,
and who were witnesses of the enthusiasm with which
this auspicious day was solemnised. Auspicious
and, happy day, in which patriotism, reason, and
honour moved the worthy military of this city to fol-
low the example of their brave comrades in the immor-
tal city of Oporto, the deserving champions of our li-
berties, to associate themselves with the first authors
of our political regeneration. Happy day on which
such noble sentiments consolidated the great work,
I
driving away frightful despotism, and planting the
tuajestic tree of liberty, which was watered only by
tears of pleasure, and which no drop of blood has de-
filed—a day on which the noblest revolution recorded
in history was accomplished, and which a year ago ex-
cited the admiration of all Europe.
[Here follow very long accounts of dig various
monstrations of the public joy,.and the eeiemenies ob- '
served on the occasion. The crowds of spectators
were immense, in whose presence the King, surrounded
by the Clergy and by the Senate (which took on itself
the direction and expense of the festival) laid the first
stone of the monument which is to be erected in the
Rocio, to give a grand lesson to posterity, and to an-
nounce to it the epoch when the Portuguese nation
rose from unmerited slavery to liberty, and to the le-
gitimate exercise of its imprescririble rights. The
numerous troops assembled on the occasion under
General Sepulveda, made a most splendid appearance.
After the ceremony of laying the stone was over, and
the King was retiring, the troops fired a general
salute, accompanied by the acclamations of the people,
and three distinct circa to the Cons.itutioaal King, to
the Cortes, and to the Constitution. Theiroops after-
wards passed in parade before the Viranila of the
Palace where his Majesty stood. The troops amounted
to eight thousand m..n. General Sepulveda and his
Staff then went to the Palace to pay their respects to
the King.]
A splendid entertainment, at which about 400 per-
sons were present, was celebrated by the citizebs, at
which the following toasts were given :-
1. The Sovereignty of the Nation established on the
memorable 13th of September.
2. The Sovereign National Congress.
3. The Constitutional King.
4. The Trans-Marine ltrethren.
5. The always Loyal Armies of the free Portuguese
Nation.
6. The Portuguese who prefer Death to Napery. •
7. All the founders of this great day, and the patri-
otic societies, which are to create the imitators of their
valour.

• --- -
All these toasts, especially the 6th, were received
with loud applause. tin this toasi6heing Oren, pa-
triotism seemed to animate every eunntenasece. their
one of the company, the efforts of •so grateful an ins-
pression manifested themselves iu a singular manner,
he remaining immoveable, while the rest of the com-
pany, though preserving the strictest dreorttus, gave a
loose to the transports. It is pretended that the singu-
lar attitude and instoobility of the illustrious guest,
was the effect of the violent impression made on him by
the testimonies of these heroic sentiments, and we take
pleasure in believing it, because it would be a calamity,
if, in such a meeting, there was one imlividual who
did not entertain the noble sentiments with which all
were animated.
The whole city was illuminated, and the streets were
crowded through the night.
The tortes have been engaged in discussing various
particulars relative to the government of the tramma-
rine dominions.

STATE OF ,Eln CATION IN NEW SOUTH IV.ILES.

--WIPP-

[FROM THS STFINICT G tZETTE OF JAN. 6.]
An interesting scene was witnessed at the church of St.
Philip's Sydney, on Monday last, it being the second an-
niversary oldie foundation of the Male Orphan School,
where a sermon was preached by the Rev. T. lteddall.
After the sermon the children were examined by the
Rev. Preacher, suitably to their respective ages and
studies, according to the national system of education,
very much to the satisf.ietion of his Excellency the
Patron, and the Members of the Committee ; and all
presnt were surprised to see the specimens of shoes
and clothing made by the cltil‘!ren : when his Excel-
lency distributed six silver medals, inscribed " The
best reader :" " The best writer ;" beat arid'.
metician ;" General good romlnct and gardening ;"
" The best tailor :" and "The best shoemaker ;" as
also a number of books on various subjects to other
deserving boys : after whillt ttey were regaled with-
an old English dinner of roast beef and plum pudding.
When it is remembered that the national system was
practically unknown in the colony until the arrival of
the Rev. Thomas lteddall, who is charged with a par-
ticular commission for its introduction, the proficiency
displayed by these native-born youths, from so short a
course of instruction, stimulates a pleasing hope of the
benefits to be reaped by the routine generation, when
the advantages of the system are extended to all the
public schools, whereby the natural talent of every
little colonist may be fully developed ; that as vice and
ignorance have been the danger of the past. so wisdom
and knowledge (with virtue) may be the stability of
the future.

By the new arrangement made at the General Post
Office, the mail will run between Loudon and Thurso
in Scotland, a distance of SS I miles, without stopping
wore than too or three hours at any one place, and a
day will be gained in the delivery ui letters.
A Spanish xebec. with a crew of thirty men, made
its appearance off &ulnas (Eastern Pyrennees), on the
17th of September, and sent tunic of the crew on shore
but the inhabitants opposed their landing through
apprehension of the fever, and the Spaniards finding
that they would be fired upon if they persisted, gave
up the attempt. A parley ensued. when It was agreed
that fresh provisions for the ship shool4 be deposited
on the beach. whence they were takes sway by the
Spaniards. without any further commusicatioa.

THE El IV G. • .1-• #
_ - 29.—The fete given- yesterday, by
oar Sovereign, at Lacken, to kin Sktjesty George IV.
attracted to the Palace, and its environs, a prodigi-
ous crowd of all sexes and ages. After the banquet,
the august traveller, accompanied by the King and
Queen, the Prince and Princess of Orange, Prince Fre.
derick, and Princess Marianne, went to the Theatre at
Night o'clock, the exterior of which was elegantly
illuminated. The most splendid art ingetnents were'
made fur the King of England's reception. A spacious
box, hung with crimson velvet, trimmed all round with
deep gold fringe, was fitted op immediately in front of the
stage, His Majesty entered the box, accompanied by the
King and Queen of °the Netherlands, After bowing
to the latter, he handed her Majesty to a seat on his
right, and the former took a chair on the left of his
august visitor. The moment his Britannic Majeety
presented himself, the whole audience rose with one
accord, and the orchestra struck up God sore the King,
while his Majesty bowed repeatedly in acknowledg-
ment of their attention. An Opera was pet formed en-
titled Nouveau Seigneur, followed by a vaudeville en-
titled St. Herewee lirrirea, the composition of M. Bet-
nand, director of our theatre., and it contained so
many happy allusions,...tb4..contrary to etiquette, the
spectators repeated. the liveliest acclamations. His
Majesty the King of England testified his gratitude
by repeatedly bowing. The divertisement, which ter-
minated the fete, presented a varied scene of Irish and
Scotch costume. For the last scene. there were baskets
of Rowers, borne by the young pupils of the Conserva-
tory of the Dame, which presented, by means of trans-
parencies, the words God rare the King. When the
curtain fell, " God save the King" was again played
as his Britannic Majesty retired. King George IV.
was decorated with the Grand Cordon of the order of I
William. The finest women, set off by all the charms
of dress—the presence of the Ambassadors and Gene-
rals
of the different powers of Europe, amongst whom
we recognised the Duke of Wellingtos and the Mar-
guess of Londonderry—gave to this solemnity (says the
Brussels account) the most imposing appearance. The
palaceof Lacken and the gardens were illuminated with
muchltaste.[But according to private accounts, the taste
displayed in the theatrical exhibitions were little entitled
to acknowledgment. As a specimen, it is stated, that in
the last scene a cupid, to compliment the English, made
his entree, in a character that never before appeared
on any stage,—the uniform of a British Naval Officer.
The acclamations of the audience are alleged to have
sheen prepared, in a similar spirit of compliment, by
packing, in order to compensate for the cool reception
which his Brittannic Majesty had experienced on his
arrival at Brussels from the phlegmatic and reflecting
Flemish populace.)
Another article of the 30th ult. from Brussels. states
the following particulars:—" All the necessary ar-
rangements had been made this morning for the de-
parture of King George IV. when a slight indisposition
experienced by his Majesty, cansed his journey to be,
postponed till to-morrow. It is thought, however,
that he will attend the Theatre of the Park this even-
ing, with the Royal Family. The facade of the The-
atre is to be illntninatett with coloured lamps, as otO
the preceding nights. In the course of the mornings
their Royal Highnesses the young Princes, sons of the
Prince of Grange, visited the King of England in his
hotel. If we are to credit reports, which proceed from
a respectable source, his Majesty intends, at his return
from Hanover, to pay a second visit to our Court.
Until now it appears that his Majesty will neither go
to Vienna nor to Paris."

•
T EST k •
P4R 'MAL* ,--ory„. •
_• . „
Serfr.
r.PT. 15.---There are Nike eourtia o on
Sit i.
