TIIE STATESMAN.

hefect of Nantz has ordered the (trust of all
persoris who appear in the promenades, streets, or
peirlic places with bouquets of violets or red pinks.
A:iJ what will the Prefect of Nantz do with all the
people whn wear violets and pinks when he has ar-
rnted them ? This very law of arrest has placed the
Government in a more difficult situation (hall ever.
If it dared not to inflict capital punishinmr• on any
of the itidividuals convicted of treason, for the laws
already in exiirence made this crime capital, how can
it v"nt are to imprison or transport half the nation ?
LV law against political offences would, indeed,
be a dreadful engine in the hands of a Government
strong enough to put it into vigorous ekecution ; but
in such imbecile hands as now wield it, it appears to
be regarded as the offspring of a heart nwre desirous
of effecting its own security by means of vengeance
alone, than gifted with the power of accomplishing
either.

-~~

[The Siva tuft.]

" Ilamt,urAit, Ort. 20."

CRACOW, Ocr. 15.—Tite Austrian Commissioner,
Count Schwarz, and the Commii:ioner of the Kirg
of l'tus.iia, Rtibriitz, being now arrived hew,
a private conference took place to verify their full
powers, and Count Schwarz was by lot chosen I're.
sident.

The French people, and mankind in /eneral,
may, however, perceive from this dangerous and
oppressive enactment, and the causes n hich have

given rise to it, that the surrender of their liberties,
even for a single moment, into the hands of their
rulers, becomes the origin of countless evil., and the
precedent for fresh oppressions and slavery. Such
precedents never fail to be acted upon. They operate
most injuriously to the State in which they originate,
and ere examples for the abuse of popular right in
other nations. The British people are, perhaps,
more interested in this suspension of ju.tice and hu-
manity in France, than they are aware. It is be.
cause France has not preserved her laws and Grnsti-
tution, that she has had so many. The seed of ser-
vitude is sown imperceptibly, and is soon made to
take root, and to become bonds of slavery, by those
whose interest it is to watch and to cherish it.

Next Wednesday, after Divine Service, the first
Silting will be held in the Pakce of Count %Vieln-
pol,k, and the city wi:l he illuminated in the even-
ing. A Proclamation will appear at the same time,
in which the re,pective Commissioners, its the tilnie
of their Sovereigns, declare the City free. The or-
ganization will proceed
LETT 111 FROM NI uNuTER, OCT. 26.—Arnoog the
church plate carried of by the Vielich is
the vessel called the Paul's Boa I, a kind of silver
goblet, inlaid with old coin:, and ornamonted with
a map of the territory of Munster. The Rev. Mr.
Melchers, Cahn,' of this place, dis,-ov• red it in the
M It4Pata. at Park, when he was in that city at the
National Council, and it has now been successfully
reclaimod, as we find from the following letter of his
Excellency Count Altenstein, who is the Prusbian
Commissioner for the reclaiming of the works of
•rt

It seems the persecution of the Protestants still
continues in the South of France. No further back
than the 17th October, a fresh persecution broke out
at Nismes—seven of its most respectable inhabitants
were on that day assassinated. TRISTALLAN, the
leader of this Catholic band, has since been taken
into custody by the military force. '1 his man had
already been se zed for similar outrages ; but was set
at liberty in consequence of threatening to discover
his employer..
It is extremely pre bable that some plot has keen
discovered or a,ipr. !tended. General Au'i is
added to the nomber of those arrested. A rumour
is mentioned, for the purpose of being contradicted,
that a rescue of NLY had been attempted. This
Marshal's trial was to commence last Monday, when
his Advocate meant to deny the competency cf the
Council of War, to try him. M ArtENA is President.
We think the 51arshal may be easy, and by all
accouuts he is so.

PAM., CYPT. 20.

SlR,—Your letter to the Councillor of State
Rilibinhop, respecting the silver plate taken by the
French, has come to try hands, and I have caused
the necessary enquiry to he made for the things men-
tioned in it. The Paul's Cap is restored, though

without the case, but the other articles are not to be
found. They have probably been melted down on
account of their great weight, and I shall he, there-
fore, obliged to limit my further exertions to endea.
veering to get the value of them. I shall he pecu-
Hilly happy to serve the city in this mutter.

" LT;-:NST MN."

It is, indeed, much to be lamented, that so many
precious works of art hare been destroyed by melting
down. Among the rest there was a ship of solid
silver, weighiog above one hundred pounds, which
was placed by our heroic Bishop 11: shard von Galen,
in one of the Chapels in the Cathedral, in memory
of an extraordinary action of the troops of Munster,
two companies of whom, in the war with Holland,
boarded and captured a frigate of 30 guns, at the
mouth of the Ems, near Leir, in East Friesland.—
The loss was very considerable; the whole of the
silkei sent from here in 1806 to Magdeburg, and
then taken by the French, amounted to 1235 lbs. of
silver from the Cathedral, and 517 lbs. from the
Church of the G)mnasium. Thus the French have
taken from this city alone near 2000 lbs. of church
plate of the value of 40,000 dollars.
The festivals that took place at Munster on per-
forming the acts of homage lasted a whole week, and
the joy of the people of Westphalia showed itself in
the most unequivocal manner.

Brussels Parsers to the sth, and Frankfort to the
Ist inst. nr rived this forenoon. We copy the prin-
cipal articles of their contents, more because
they are new than interesting. The Austrians
have again taken possession of Alsace. The orders
and counter-orders issued by the Allied Powers in
regard to taking and giving military possession, are
still most inexplicable.

Preparations seem to be making for the assembling
of the Congress at Frankfort.
_

Baussms, Nov. 3.—We have no further details
concerning the loss of the Sir William Curtis, which
was wrecked on the 30th of October, to the west of
the poit of Ostend. The crew it seems were all
saved, but three passengers are said to have been
drowned, whose names are variously reported.
NEUWIED, Ocr. 27.—Yesterday, a part of the
Prussian guard arrived here on the march to Berlin.
The last accounts from Alsace say, that the Aus.
trian corps which forms a pelt of General Vacqaunt's
division, and which was on its march logo into can.
tonments about Mentz, has received. counter-orders
and returned to Alsace.

VIENNA, OCT. 21.—1 t is observed that her Ma.
jest); the Empress of Austria proceeded to Inspruck,
by the way of Clagenforth, and not of Salzburgh, as
was first said, and consequently did not enter the
Bavarian territory. It is believed that thedifferences
with Bavaria about the institution of the Intsviertel,
the Ilansruckviertel, and Salzburg,' are far from be-
ing adjusted. Some pretend that of the troops re.
turning front France 60,000 will halt in the neigh-
bourhood of Weis.

Fitmvxvoar, OCT. 3O.—Ws TlighnPss the Prince
of Radzivill and his Excellency Baron Stein, are ar-
rived here.

The Empress of Russia will not depart from this
city till the 4th. His Royal Highness the Grand
Duke of Weimar went rstertlay to Darmstadt. and
will repair thence to Eisenach, to wait for her hive.
rial Niajrsty, who will sleep on the 4th at Fulda,
and on the sth at Eisenach.

The President You liarbier sets out to-day for
Purls, to regulate the contributions.

[LETTER FROM WARSAW, OCT. 19111.]

All the Deputies of Poland sent to Paris to wait
upon his 'Majesty the Emperor of Russia having now
returned home, they have delivered a report upon the
execution of their commsssion to Couttt o,t row ske,
President of the Polish Senate. To the speech which
Count Zamowske made to the Emperor, his Majesty
replied as follows :
" I am t•ery sensible, Gentlemen, to the senti-
ments which the Polish nation expresses towards me
through you. Assure it from me that I have been
actuated towards it by only one principle, that of
restoring to it its nationality. In uniting it to ano-
ther nation likewise of Sclavonian origin, I conso-
lidate its welfare and its tranquillity. To see it
happy will be my fairest recompence."

Ail the equipages of his Majesty the Kin. of
Prussia have ariived here from Paris, under the
rare of Captain Zeiten. They will set out for Ber-
lin on the 10 of November.

Bartin 011erstedt, Prussian Charge d'Affaires at
Frankfort, announced some time since a plan for the

formation of an establishment for the aid of the
soldiers who are become invalids in consequenre of
their wounds in the battle of La Belle Alliance.—
The Baron has communicated to us the letter he has
received from the Benevolent Society of Ladies at
ilamhurgh, which we hasten to publish, as the faitit.
fol expression of the humane and patriotic setiti.
merits which di:tiognish this interesting society :
" The Benevol,ot Society of Ladies at Hambuigh'
has seen, with much satisfaction, by your letter of
Oct. 19, to Mr. Frederick Purities, and the Gazette
you have added to it, the benevolent intention of
many friends of humanity, to form an establishment
for the succour of a certain number of intelids teho
have fought gloriously for their Country.
" Our Society has eagerly embraced this idea,
which has been communicated to us by Mr. I'erthee,
who is so remarkable for his zeal and activity in
swag thing that iutcrests humility. We joyfully

On this oecafion the Deputation delivered to the
Emperors gold medal, vtruck.l ere in memory of the
regtoraticm of the kingdom of Poland : —On the one
side i. a host of the Nlouarch ; on the other the in.
seription, Unris nubis re:Nail rem.

As the Empernr.appeered at the audienre in Polish
uniform, with only the Klish order of the White
Engle, the Dputation begged him to take the insiq.
nia oTthe Polish Military Order; but the high-
milttleti Monarch esculed Myself, saying, that he
had a high respect for that Order, which is solely
deligued for heroic action: and musts therrfores!

unite with' these estimable men,.to sea:ond the pa- act in this respect in the same manner as in regard
t, sen'irnents which animate them as well as us: the Russian Order of St. George.
" God has gratited the most glorious victory to An Answer is now published in the Freuc't aNt
our brave defenders ; but thousands of them have Polish languages, to the work of Mr. l'radt. :I
purchased this advantage by the eitcritioe of the first signed by Count Morske, formerly Polish Anita,.
of I)le:4ll4s—health. Our most artlent de:ire is to sa(!or at the Coust of ipain, who is personally a'.
procure them, as far as in our power, attention, re• feniletl.4.ol:at work.
lief, a life accompanied with some ease, and erea•pt Novoselzen, Russian Senator ant! Mernhei of
from uneasiness for the future.—May the BPtiovolc::t the Provincial Government of Poland, is gore
Society which you intend to forma rovisidor the here to Berlin.
enclosed Bill of Exchange of 5000 marks (3 lul.) as
a gift made with the purest intentions, and accont..
panied by our most ardent wishes —Accept, Sir, &c.

The Ilambuc4h Mail which arrived yesterday. :Kr.
sew.: %it it the formal act of tite King of
and Nonw.t dischargiec the inhabitants 'lsf
S 4 0411Sii l'oiner4 oil and the Isle or' Mogen from !!,t;,
oaths of allegiAnce, in cortsewienv.i of ih- re,;10:1 of
those countries to Irrus,ia. The Ring of Pariii.l at
the same time issues Letters• Patent, assumil ti e
sovereignty or these new dominions. Accordi:,4 t,
late arrangements at V:etitia, it had Veit agre.t,!,
that the Duchy of La uetthe. e aas to be ceded to Den.
mask by the Gov...Fitment If mover. The format,
however, has thought prnp'r to dispose of t hack t,
Hanover, f r a cotti Hera i m in money. T
latter (Irene-so:tore is a strihuiril the late fl tut i
,Il la
the Eschasize at 11,110),„0„

The Cork Papers state that th. demand for Irish
grain for the 1,3,!).)ri market is likely to cease, teat
place beiog already werst,,,.hed. We Low not
now whore relief is to be son4ht ; but we tiust Pro.
vidence will ma!se an openin,.; some where.

A emisiderable sum wua bon!it yesterday in the
Stuck, in French name. The Commissioner, I t
the reductimi of the ,National Debt puichased at 6
asnui 16 ),0001. in It duced Annuities,

ye.terd4y morning an iced a satif,ty of Ameecaa
Papers N-o York to the lit of OctArs,, B stria
and id.,11,14ii to the 28th, and Choi lestoo t the
21st of Sei,temher. They continge filled with di .
tressing accounts of the elf .05 of the late equinoctial
gales experienced on the American Oasts. At Bos.
ton not a house but what had been more or less
damaged, and a+ a!I the poincipal ports the &mass
done had been most extentiee.

Nottrout, SEPT. 22.-118 the ship Poohontat,
Captain llarrom, from 'Haire-de-Grace, artireil in
Hampton [toads on -Wedne,day, came passenger I
Mousier MIARIL, who•annourhed himself to Cootie
Arrore as the private- Secretary of the Emperor
Naroccom ; also a Mr. I.EMONDE9, late an eminent
merchant in
_ aria, whoßroposes establishing himself
at Boltimote.—( Front the Baltimore Adeettacr,
Sept. 27.)

The Edinburgh Papars contain resolutions by the
Merchants, and the incorporated trades of that city,
condemning the conduct of the Surveyors of Taxes, in
attempting to revive the" Shop Tax," in the face of
a repealed statute, and without any new act of the
Legislature imposing such a tax. The Surveyors, it
appears, conceive themselves justified in their experie
went by the 48:h of 21.:e King, elf). 55.
AYTON, THE LONDON NEW rEnEsTitrAN —Jos3*l
Ayten, the master•baker, win has undertaken, for a
considora ble wager, to walk 1100 miles, in 110
successive hours, attended a meeting of his friettet
and opponents, at the house of Mr. Jackson, Oa
Ship in Whee:er-street, on Monday night, when all
stakes, &c. were deposited.
.Afton, himself, put
down 201. We underpart! -that his friends Nora
backed him to the amount of several hundreds. Ile
informed the company that he had been to Black-
heath, where lie had chosen a quitter of a mile of
ground, in front of the Bate and Billet, to walk on.
It was then finally agreed, that h- should commctira
precisely at twelve o'clock on Friday nap. 113
has also. chosen I:is watchman, and every arrange-
ment will positively be matte before Friday. Bet-
ting is against him, but he and his friends are takio;
all odds. lie declares, that in his business, as I
baker, he frequently had not two bows sleep out of
24, for six weeks running. The want of rest is con-
sidered by all parties to be the greatest obstacle
against his accomplishing the enterprise. Ile his
taken lodgings at Blackheath for his family, unlit
the result is known.

CLANDUSTIVE MARRIAGES.—Same yrar; ago a
soldier, upon the ere of a march, was clon.lestinel!
married to a young woman, by what is call.d
ifalf-mark Minister, at the head of the Caninigme,
Edinburgh. The husband frll in Spain, h.'i'Z
nearly 501. due him of prize-money ; but alum e.
two witness's are alive who were present at the in
rine, still as the poor widow crnuot produre irr
marriage line=, signed by an established or re.:,u'lr
Clergyman, (lavernment refuse to recognisa her titla
to draw the money.
