TILE STATESMAN,

nothing less than suspending the very Constitution
itself, the compact agreed on by men giving op their
natural rights to live in society !! A proceeding so
wicked and abhorrent, that if ever it should be the,
sad fate of the hand who writes this to be opposed to a
fellow.crestore and countryman in a civil wary Ng I
Heaven direct the riot of its sword against one who
has been guilty of the misdeed spoken of. Regret
must ever fellow the deed which deprives a beaten
being of life ; bet the life of the man who can coolly
consent to incarcerate his fellow.crestores without
number, feu a Bate without limitation, for acts
which are not ascertained or decided on to be
vicious or virtuous, is not worth, and ought not to
be held worth so much es that of a harmless insect!
Whole hecatombs of such beings are not to be com-
pared in value to a farmer's hard-working horse.—
Bot to the subject of the Meeting. It was not what
we expected—we hoped it woeld have been
countenanced by greater numbers—greater autho-
rities. Mr. Hume, with whom, though we never
have eaten tali, frankly avow we relished his con.
diet ott this recent occasion better than on any for-
mer one. His perseverance sad resolution mite ad.
miratiou and command preiwt. We would have
him lay aside ell idle disputes with fellow-re.
formers, deal no more is bickering., but choose
higher game end nobler themes. Let him confine
and direct his spirit, his zeal, and those powers
which an excellent constitution seems to have
conferred on him, to the almost invelnerable citadel
of corruption. If he will do t►is, and benefit from
the certain profit which some experience in political
warfare now fairly and honestly holds oat to him,
we will not only promise him a rich harvest in the
patriotic field be espresses himself desirous of
cultivating, bet we will also assure him of the
aid of many able and willing ...Wants in safely
housing the produce. This advice and much
more of the like kind is necessary on these trying
oca•inna. The aggrieved People have a boat of
' powerfci foes. Their very complaints ere offensive
to those who wrongihem, and these have it In their
power in twenty ways to reward the mercenaries who
fight their battles: like the Hessian Yager: and
, Brunswick Drageis. who could go and slay in bat-
tle the ionot rut Americans for extra

It cannot, it must not be concealed that the epee
mles of the People hive by far the best of the coo-
lest, however unjust their muse. The venal scribes
have inveigled too mach of the public opinion. They
possess it for the present, and nothing but the teas
gatherer sill shake its bold and loosen its adhereece
mod its faith in " the.poaers that be." 'rho song
says truly, I' We must feel to know the smart."
The CH t !MELLOR of the EXCUI'QUER then *IOW the
ablest recruiter of the Reforming Army. Another
three millions of imposts, if only one half of the sum
. be again exacted from the enmities of life, will
levy whale battelions for the standard of Liberty,
and °cession an equal number to desert from the
corrupt legions. As Cowan said, at a certain time
when it was the fashion sod the custom to scarify the
backs of the brave defenders of Church and Slate,
4, Bog away, flog away, Doke of YORK ;" so we
say, let on, las on, Mr. VANsITTART ; for that alone
sill at least compel a certain number of the rich
Whigs to join the poor Reformers. And any mea-
sure or circumstance Is wished for that might tend to
pm the almost hopeless struggle more on ea equality.
'lle Whigs complain that the Radicals woolel go too
far, and qualify them with the epithet of Ultras.--
The former have no objection to prone the too pru.
rient branches of the corrupt tree, but they insist
upon it that the root shall not be touched. They
assume, therefore, the virtue of moderation, a word
whitis has its admired qoalities and virtues on some
occasions, yet in this case it is hateful and hypocriti-
cal to honesty. Bet why do they not then denounce
the insultingly prominent branches, and take the
pruning-hook in their hand, which would be an indi-
cation of sincerity ? It is because they aim to pos.
seas undue influence In the measures of Government
whoever may be at its head, and io order to delude
the crowd, who might otherwise impel them le move
from their 'vantage ground, they prob.'s themselves
friendly to a change in moderation. This conduct in
• body of men who, as it were, have the fate of a
whole People io their hands, reminds es of a well.
written ode, by an admirable and patriotic British
bard, expressly on the %metal effects of political
MOM:RATION in so glorious • cause, of which the fol.
lowing is nearly a copied stanza :•—•
" Why groans this hapless violated land.
With such *motioned surrance. and tong care?
'Ti, that &Meer ! here them grist command,
That 'maturate justice. no AAAA TIE truth are here.
The pow got quite destroyed, the donned to toil,
Frain day to day ramming, yet must hide
Their seers deep anguish from the gaze of pride,
And greet with smiles the plimerers of the suit.
The rectifying Ormights that Ire the Wadi
Hest be salbde'd—'s is treason to complain,
For order, peace, tranquillity require,
They buffer all isainor'd —then silently expire.

DIAL, JULY 21.—Came down from the Rim
and sailed the Mary Aun, Todridge, for the South
Sees; and Usk, Smith, for the Cape of Good Hope.
—Areised the Admiral Berkley, lipase, from the
South Sees; Lady Hannah Ellice, Urquhart, front
Jamaica ; Thomas, Bell, from St. Vincent's; and
Zephyr transport from the westward for Sunderland
with troops.
FALMOUTIT. JOLT 19.—Arrived the Martin,
Stowep,frows %Vyborg; Constanuis, Barth ; and the
Abbott, front Longsoond ; Albion. Miller, from
Babia,la 61 days; and Sophia from Hammitt in 38,

days.
HOLYHEAD, JOLT 40.—The Content, Burn, of
Widtohaven, got upon the rocks to leeward of this
harbour this morning, but was got off again by
assistance from the shore. This accident happened
inconsequence of refusing to employ a pilot.
Ju LT 4l.—Arrived the Alliance
packet, from Gottenburgh.—Seiled Ore Prince of;
Orange packet, for Holland ; and Lord Nelson
packet, for Coahaven ; all si.h Mails.
LIVERPOOL. JULY 20.—Arrived, the Friends,
Clark, from Prince Edward's Island, in 2:1 days;
and Minerva, Morgan, from Montreal. Soiled from
Quebec, on the 12th June, with the Solfolk and the
Patriot, Mary and Susan, Curtis, from Charleston ;
and Braham Castle, bl•liet lie, from llelifaa.

ADDRESS OF THE PEOPLE OF GREAT ERITAIN

TO THE PEOPLE OE IRELAND.

FOLOW.COORTRTIIIOI,—A eystest of unpriariyled
mlae-
Fewßtalinn has for /votaries detained es in MINA gob'
MN and alleantlos from Path other. Yaw ba.e levn taught

W Mulder w Yishr per•eninn aaa we balm been taught In
Mat epee yea as the 11111111 sir Spitiotal Despotimi and ;he
twin of Cirll and Relittimis Liberty. It is tone that the veil
• -

Assid fall from 60'41-ease eyes. Oppression, that great teacher
a outflows, which, by :making them semi ender their own
woes, espowds their beans io sympathy for the woes of the..

fellow warren. Ms nt knell, induced u. to torn oar ottenlinu
to your anietioat. You groan •add a spiels iir per.
woolen, which excludes yoo from your flaws! 'iglu of toter•
firing in the enaetmeat and administration of thule NIS by
which, as n People, you are gnwer•ed . We outer ender a
system of political eseliitlon equally intolernal, which robs at
actor inalienable pritilege, at free born Britons, of mistreat

Wig the use which Legislators make of oar persons, our pro
petty. mad our indent,. The effects of thew two tyrasnical
system which, is point of Int, are but differeot Mlles fur the
use system ef universal popular oppression, are In Urns Bei-
-lalnaad Ireland exactly theism.; namely, popular iialt sof
degradatios, oligarchical despotism, a privileged minority of
both matins, raised over the beads, fed by the earnings, upheld
sad defended by the blood and ireeare of the great majorities
of both; an losupportable taxation, as overwhelming debt.
the anoihilation of all real commercial coedit sod capital. •
depreciated paper currency, Boroughmongering and Dramse
diaecures, legalised murders, packed Juries. in a ward, the
naiversal and individual mpre-sion, the Anaemic woe, stud
the misery and Narrator. of every awful and meritorious Oita
of the two great bodies which corapne the l3ii Empire.
Once them oar sarong+ are alike, since they proceed from
use nod the same corrupt care. sig. the nsirepresentstios,
or what is still worse, the odirepresentittion of the People
of both countries, since our and your salvation entire-
ly depends upon the removal of That cause. by a Radical
Rehires la the People's Hone of Parlinisest, a Reruns that
may have for its basis and for its tsetse* the isarestrieted prim-
eiple ofUelverial Civil and It eligiossUltirety, w Mont distinction
of sect or party. Let es, in the same of and and oar Coentry.
lay aside henceforward and for ever oar religiose animmitiesamil
our national bkkerings; and let the oppressed Protestant People
of battered. the °opened Dleveatiag People of Scotland, sod
the oppressed Catholic People of Ireland, site, as become
Rrethres and Britain., in saving themselves and their Andrea
from slavery and woe. Let every mum worship his Dad accord-
ing to the dictates of his vouch-pee, without rendering as ac-
count to any system of buena law. These, Catholics of Ire
land, are the undisguised sentiments and principles of your
Protestast Countrymen, who now address yin, and with these
sentiments mad principles we call spas you to join with es is
every legal and oonditutionni eyesore, which may lead as well
to year as to our emancipation from the onsastintional chains
of oppression, which a weak but tyrannical minority have fm
ward opus es all. We call upon you to weer is everyCity,Tnwa,
and Parish throughout your Island, to re-echo these principles of
Universal Liberty, which we king, you to possess. We offer
you oar sitwere and ardent co-operation in support of these
principles. We wish for Jeer Freedom. as we wish for saw
OWL lutist, thee, upon your emancipation t rag for the re-
peal of lazes, for the suppression of sinecures. for Annual Pan
limiest*, Universal fisterage, and Vote by Ballot. We will
join you is all these calls, because They are all included in the
principle which we prefers, UNtrawYtt. CUM. AND kW-
Moos Incase.
We request of you. however. to reflect that all your rforts
sad Petititms for Einascipasion hove hitherto failed; that
you have been repeatedly insulted by every successive Adam-
mistrals', whether calling itself Whig or Tory; and however
finally is its profewisos, or tonna( is its laoguage. yos cas-
sia for et that your Rights were dried you is sane of sae,
although with your blood yin *spooned tbat wart and that
they are sow withheld in lime of peace, hereon is penis
your oppressors disregard your jest tailplanes'. What, sham,
have yes to 'ripen t Lei your past disappointing.o teovh
yam
true political foresight. From the Janet of year Claim. which
yin hove mere then fatly established ; from the gratitude of
your Matters, whom you have more than faithfully weed. you
have nosing to hope. Yea ere reduced to the dire necessity of
retain your every espeetatios of relief epos the fears and Am-
gen of year oppresson.
Overpower them. the., with every public constitusisital es.
maim ofour • tongs; besiege them with year repeated de-
-1 moods for Freedom; let out their hard-hearted iajostice ever-
Shoe your patience, nor their ioterested cruelty tire eat your
e. For this purpose, associate to yourselves all
spirits. friendly to Liberty. lobo are to be fogad amongst
tie liberal Pros-omits std Uneaten of year comity. Doing
set last Session of Parliarteot yin had • strikaag instance of
lb* seal to ante you ; but their Petition was as fruitless as
yeast non: however, have but courage, your Esemles mese
field t they mama withstand the onion Voice of Five Million
of Wagons and Eleven Million of Eaglishmea in datelining
of Fremont deveandiog their Rights.
Our motives in proposing to sou this Political Using lath
nose of Universal Civil and Retain's Liberty, will, we are
well aware, be aliveness-surd by our commas enemies. The
People of [related sill be told that we a ish to decoy them from
their attachment to their religioodo taro their noughts froveCa•
&Mit Emancipatioa, and to urine, them is theories anon and
Impracticable Parliamentary Reform. The People of gag-
thod. on the contrary, oil be told, that the object of the re-
posed Vision is the riestablislimest of Popery, toe destruction
111 the British Constiistios, and the latrioloctiou of u•iverial
march, • d confosim. Rat the time is gone by, fellow.coom
terns, for the bugbear of religious prejudice to set sis cubing
end other's throats for the advantage of our oppressors. Dor
Cry of o ti• Popery" is become as stale in Fainted, as the cry
of
Dere.," has lon been is Ireland. And in spite of all the
big led tirades *fa hireling pins, the Protestams of kaelsod,
tee Dimmer. of Scotland. sin the Catholics of Ireland mew at
Imrk smite, as one people, is defence of themselves and Wien
ebilders.
Far be it from as to advise the adoption of tonsures dennie-
titre of the public pease g this is, OSt the coutrary, what our me-
asles ardently desire, with the view to calumniate nod crash vs.
Far be it from us to stop yea in the pariah ofnat dearest object
of sour likes, Catholic Eassocipions ipurse it, attain it
lt hill be sae poles gained lone cause ofUniversal Liberty; but
at the same time relict, will it lessen your legalism t Will it
lessen the Debt, the Sinecures. lbe Bleeding Arias ? Ti ill it
diminish the swarms of Tythe-Prectors. Excisemen, and Is-
formers, who greedily devour the (rut s of the isid•sury of both
emairies I Will it give emplu)sonst or food to your starving
rior I Or do you think that because Pitestents sit in the
Home at Commies, she Protestant People n
of England are lea
the victims of their minoverneseat,thas the Catholic People of
Ireland f Ito g those who have themselves so motive but ava-
rice, no religion bat tyranny, seek only to emit as much as
pasihle film a saferitig People, without desigsieg in notice
the different, of party, or the distioetims of creeds. Bat, bow
san yam. after what reprint:cc has taught you, ever rupees
to
obtain even your long • kihrifor and barbarously vonlield
Emancipation, unless you UMW with the People of Eastman
The very mania. of tech an Uaiva already makes our ar-
restors a tremble. They will strain every serve to pretreat it.
—lf they seemed. we shall have to blame our owe Oneida's-
', prejudices and folly. If they fail. they sent begin to conciliate
sae or both anion.. And the's. by faithfully ssiodiag togetver
under the brood hastier of Universal Civil add Religion U
berty, free from the selfishams of national and religion perks-
dien, Indian be rambled mutually to twilit each other to the
complete attaiament of our natural, masifest. and latmotta-
vernble rights. T. arrive at so happy a consemsnotios, a fel-
lowship and csaisioaim of public seotiosent, a coned sad
unistrofpublic conduct are onemary. But ski. cameo beet
(noted within, the aid of a popol.r, isdepeoded Press; to
virwe rinds' advocacy we therein recommend the Urban
here pr. pond. We proles, ourselves is theory and in practice
the zealous (neon of every measure embraced Odder the com-
pretessive prisciple of Universal Civil and Religious Liberty.
To cement dor else di, nothing were Is required than a slmitar
profession on your part. That you agree with us in these sea.
tireeirs we teasel f. r a moment doubt. IA ith your beat blood
y. • have sepperted a step-mother of a Constlys.itas that dig.
owned yam. iso ish what slevadioa these, will you me support
cause which draw. no distinctim hewers Primates. aid Ca-
tholic. and is which thecioldrea plane commas canary laying
aside these religious dissembios. which hammy sod tyranny
hod iuspired into their infatuated minds, meet et kog k. like
brothels, is the bon.'' of (Arnim% Charity. and It the slew of
Ent lb and (leaven proclaim their uschannble inherence to
that ant of all Ihr flights of alas, Calve/sal Civil sad Its-
ltgloss

In J. 111UNT. Chairman.
k. J. ."; *cc.

J, i) 21, IEI9.
