DisP47YJuta e► Gil. IiGitRGOR.

Major Brunt, of the corps of artillery of Gal:
M'Gregor, arrived in town on Thoreday last, with
letters from the Commander in-Chief, dieted 40. An.
dre, May 28, le which it it stated that Gro. M•Griti.
opr took will. him from So. Andre (ii. de;.rit), to
Polio 0.110, two complete troop. erne Leneeroi
de Alecerent," veteran horn the 9th,
12t14 and 16th Biitish Linter., perfertly well WS,
ell and equipped, and mounted at Piirte.livillo. The
Ottlefel, contriving It to be impo.sible for his. to be
I attacked from goy other quarter thee from is. high
toad of Payson, seat his outpost+ and *sums In
that direction, eerier the cummand of Major Bald.
win, of the 1111001,.. This Officer and has anon seers
ea, of from rite town and wide prisener., at *beet
three mitre distance from Piirtn.Bollo. The !NNW
came doors to that loon unpereeiterl, through the
•oods o hit h linked It closely on each side. • Tie
Ile* companies of !Anew. would have been sufficient
in overthrow the Spaniards that sorprieed the town,
bad they had an opportunity of Ought!' to the large
tide insure and in the streets. A considerable
quantity of specie oat found at Porte-Bello Five
thousaud doeblonas in gold were discovered in the
cemetery a fete days previous. to the inicaptere.
—M'Gregor •wes the prssertatioo of his life
to the bravery sod presence of mind of one of
his Aitle•de.Camp, Cornet Colcloogh, of Belfast.
This young man slept In the nest room to M'Gregor,
and upon bearing the rush of men wending the
stairs, gels'd a trace of Otto!. and his store, and met
the assailants at the stairhead, just before the door
of M'Gregor'. teem. With the two pistols he bat
the good luck to kill a Spanish Colonel and a Caps's,
and he thrust his sabre through the body of a thlr I.
All these three rolling doses strive impeded the ad.
entice of the rest. bl'Gregor In the mean 11/ le leap.
ed oat et the wletiew. Cnlcloagh received a ball
through the left hand; had time to follow M'Gregor,
and got safe un board ibe sloop of war. It was Core
net Semple, of the Liam. (son at Lord Semple),
who volunteered to 110101 of 10 lill'Gregeti4 ship,
hem the fort, with the mesnige from Colonel Rafter.
He most notify swum back with the answer, a ud, after
all, returned to the ship, end Is now este sod well at
S. Andre. Major B-rent left Porto Bello on the day
receding the re.teptere, hi charge of a quantity of ire
tilli•ry and stores for the fortifications that are erecting
at 3t. Andre. M•Gregor had about 1,600 men when
Major &sant left him. The Prince and the ll •• y,
with 270 men each, from Ireland; the Tarantula,
f em London, with 150 veteran cavalry and horses
artillery; a large ship, of 610 ton., with 430 MIN
from ileland ; the Samuel, from London, entirely
lido., with arms and ammunition ; and soother Vell•
.el from Dablin with 250 men, and the Lovely Ann,
from London, with 48 veteran officers, and 113
picked soidiers, are all espected with impatience at
Si. Andre; hollidel 1,000 NCI from Now y gni
a tout 700 men from Jamaica. When the whole is
enllect-d, it will be a considerable force; .nd, i
the course of a month, the army will land at Santa
Fe Bogota, which if a Anti alioaneat frnm Cs—
tbigena, the capital of New Gtsnado.—(Saclas
Paper.)

ATT(MPTtO StriClDE.—rlinS) warning • noon
elan, nitne..ll It •b•,,0, re•iding its o.4••treev. went
bathe in the 3,A !tiler. Wivi.w he nr.lved ,0.111
wet where h• iwes. lawl awiwg inin Ike sleeve. khaki.
trniinn nag hy tt# rivspew...ae+ wl a f•ns• .
apparenil, Ina rli.orrlerod.reer. et wind. /10 wsti-. I
i•er, and wbeerveri her ••11.11v(b•rks•rd• nod liven
weals nn the blink. rill et leartilv sent. lents"' tw lb?
4att.r• lie coot, dwelt• tit hPai her.ll). "is G
he'll me I Loral, faqir@ Mary SIMS .we I" 1.14.1911111
r u. to her as•ist...ee. and took Ivor 00, oielbefti
receiving any irher Injory ii.•.• • rl.orken.l. I.
10'
rese.l *Wag on, 'meant of Ihrrwlf nfrerwlner
p.,luation, she peso.. hon. en corrlnet livir in
Shnredirch, where, it Ors• einlonvon4l, Jiff (sift& •
sale. she was well dressed) sod literati/ •7 a:
, 40 of vie.

~~

1'!

kk
\er
.V11...11"41111"°"11.1r1,_. os coor
(4):771.tu5. •
-,iEp4
~.

..
%.1.4 _ FATESMAN.
Sist,, iiiisition bating ?ogled
the feria.. .
_.„.„sorits persons, for "mud
months past, it is With sinters regret. though not
uitb mach serprio, I awl the Ring's Ministers base
iglu the steps, which, it sppest .4 from the Parlia•
sectary proceedings, sod the last CifCOW of the
Colons.. Office, they hare dune.
Will poslerby credit it, the an kiesinidention
"'Lich obtained oat million 1.. r the building cf new
charehet, as • ,IMP siren the hall nt the terpoissio* -
was in • mare ofsiarvvion, reehl only ns-cisie
credit for 50.000.. (a year's interest on the said mile
lion), towards an rby.tt, which. if adopted to be
wmoirotihst:yandconthii:l4r:rierteiridneeis.wieboadons
4thoe
seetBhrre apee,gir
Lta
etteolion, and the
Permit me, Sr.; to tioubir yeti with the (011„,„1"
remarks : —lst, On the plate with A is 1)1°1,0,4 in
colonise: 2Jly. Ora the ',tins dried J in the Mi.
nlsterial Circular : and 341) PO 'he &cutter:S.:at al a
wise and profitable schrwe ~1 emigisiiets.
' Wore r peeved to the consitiristins of the place.
of destination filed on by Georrneseet for ttr eeni.
Ilivente, 1.• would obsess', that there v. bat 'tics
71sases of portent likely to become menthe' s el • stew.
iColony.; shoe a e, tie poor end deOio, iboogla
8 basest and indesitines mechanics and latoorets,who.-
,by the rapid and en ing advance in the pike of
the Ma heers•eries I f life, and the diaiiiistiun is yai
e.lue of labour, sec in a stall of sterialon, sick at
heart, and ready to embark in any whim.. that I Beth
\ itstilf, eoasiderios no ch•oge tan be foe ti e onto
The neat class '.insists of men of more or less en.
Purim., with smell capitals and large families, who,
grtaning ender the enormous weight of motion,
the decay of trade, and It.e great and miners ad.
mince on all sill. lea of consumption, ere rriselsot
Its tailiert is any new pi: suit to shit sow,fry Frog
'rho oscessiee recta. tithes, and mkt, sitentii e this
i • martivatien o.f
laid, independent of its srattits ;mid
I 1.41 • •
t
owns* capital requited, Pinyon dem,. • from
1 engtging is any aricelistal eaderiakieg a( home;
aid as these is no prospect at thew, tells ceasing
A
1 otiose the irritant e)stras, sod being olio prveled,rd
from Jookiug tot ward to any probable m..ses _f 1 f...
cilitating die future sett!ement of their childreo here,
they possess leers sod •ppreheosions which stoutly
painful to revile. 6' hope sickest," and the " levet
I
of cosier?" noires to them, at least, • poetic xi.
*lon. 'she last denription of poisons, willing, to
emigrate, to these pry real patriots. so 1...5e senti.
mews ere (Mimi, expressed by a celebrated pet,
in the following beautiful line. t—
" -------------- I (matt ratline
Chaim no where pa remit i suit crates ot Wore,
,t, 'le I a tree by b.r alttght. na et att.
7 ars what irere .eft kg' tontine* la Lerida
Of P ter un:isrrt. wanting it cantle.
'ller t tortusgs to freemen. would dooms
At.ti Jowl me. 1 thoohl shen Ulm eorbie pals
t el el. t..e moor of .Mt th Lie thew t
And. it lion-t tweed ,Ihr bie.sett tont.
Fe ,' id caw iressrasms dm, ear ussartratimi,
I n weld al Wit bewail m sweet satire
Milder. aeons a 1 eerie Igo gumtree:
IN Kern, M imh -arhot Lever knees me
tteekt of trot...tit wee with Mr u.,1 fel ." free,
POI $0:37 PIAOW ti 1, i'! those getarroes and 'Mantle
(Palings, cannot tot {.111.19) as welt se bean I 410
rapid march of 41..p0ti.g0 ; and :bat tespoti-et of IN
very worst specie', lit. an oligoichiesl usotpetten„
which, if suffered to 'staid its bailie% inflow It
speedily blast, sod ollionmety destroy this oge
witnoare •r
and flootishing 'lotion. These persons, sot ee
meson, are apprebeissit• that our few reapintog
liberties will be rusts samificed at the shrine of Minis•
terial seabati, ii sod Botoughmotigering iodoeive and
avarice, and rather than feel or view the ire grasp
of tyranny in their native land, would retire to a dis-
tant country, *here they could, at least, instil intro
Illii minds of their Alining those tarred pOnttiliss
t 1 Liberty and Justice, • kith are gt ow n oat of ashion,
sod where they might without reproach. sympathise
with their suffering fellow-ritis.iso. uho is hrigland
..re upbraided with that porerty which is unmerited .
as well at &priced eV those dearest r leas, which ore
flub init:s )lance.
The t ssssss assigned for selettiog the Cape of
Good elope as the 011ie of armament for a nee Co-
lony, Is "prefetoace to Canada. neat rilaime con.
sideretion. The Cuancat.t.on of the k.acitteutu.
in moving the grout of 50,0001., is reported to bare
said, " be ceoceived that this Colon) (the Cape)
held oil greater inducements to emigrants than soy
of the Colonies in North Americo; 888.csese pei •inne,
warn once lard on lite soil of th- Cape of Gerd
Hope, would slow find themselves in possess...is of
the means of subsistence, rchae the genial airldurn
of the eiimete, and the (wilily of the soil, ten.
tiered little collets necessity. The print plea
closers for the receptien of emigrants. nos
us She
e
'oth east coast. and po•sessed • good hottest, w
to
many other lot .1 advantages. k certainly seas not
intended le carry out persons shells destitnts of the
aeos i f poviding fay themselves. That us; Pigment
hadn r keen tried, hot had been foetid la le al.
tended With great inecovensenre. A small de-
posit would, therefB.le, be requited of Own* he•
fore leaving this country, as aers•iiy for their pro.
aiding theniielvos when they erased et the Cu-
lony. The reentry was perotisriy (severable le
the growing of wires sorts r' fruit " Aod in an.
seer In a Ismaili. fri-oi Mr. Meth. the (.11,"1"""
of the LiZetittrlte WA. •• that ft sees pert of the
Plan that I. ai ishes shun 'd be sauteed to stsbscrik."—•
I will now ss.ign my sena. .8. lir it raring se elins"
from his MAJarres sage Mio.sBeis. It is well keels
that there ere only tan 0!j. owns In Iningtatille le
die Soothern States of Ametica. viz. eke wale el
slavery lo which • groat portion of the populaties I
held, and the clanicsble stature of the s 000000 .
. Now both three taint in an equal. if not a greater
dram. to settling at the Cape of Good live, as, I
treat, I shall easily demr.nstrate.
• (terry, of whew—wt the 50 I .”.. er of 1k exprinrat I
[To be cant:nerd]

The Watettne stein artited it I;st,,rool
"" ThlusdiY• Is. 18 hose., bre "
coutplet•ly .101 indetiondent i 4 Mt
Inset isevr)—len r..asnrs of 30 twee pow.' 0,4411
1104 e• she rerties WO • oil{ g...,41•. 14 I.k •nriod
!Penal, a regular tiaaer Warms latlhst and LOP

i p9ol

!

F

i
