TIE STATESMAN.

•

tintless by a Certiesgenian privateer, she was Gaffed 64 Place confidence, Sire, in those soldiers with
to p.tt into that pro t fnr supplies. The Commander whole )ou should have surrounded a throne which
sif the Csranir intended in hose destroyed her, but they hail so inn; and so well defended. What calm-
•-
oil Capt. Corn representing that her loss would he Mitiee would you not have spared yoor country, by
•atteoded by his tub. she was buffeted to pursue her 4'0;11 so yaor person those veterans of honour
'Dyne. .* and of victory ? Sink antiquated institutions in
Moarrna:ts...lusar 15.—0 n Wednesday afternlen_ nblitinti. Your preesecessors governed slaves, you
II must ;Iry elle! thunder storm was eepelienced at gOvern riiizens. Let I:iiv great revolution in social
Berthier and its sirinite. The wind stud hail began relations date from yoer reign. Can you. be intlif-
with sech vieleuce that the inhabit/Lids expected eters, ferent to such glory ? Could you prefer absolute rule
moment to be burielle sbe.reins of their dwelliegs,_to a power: gentle and firm, sanctioned aiid obeyed
• r.lWri 1 houses and many barns were blown down, •by all; which uniting in one common bond the
and trees torts op by their roots.
._...._Erince. and the Citizen, would diffuse pro rip
Jul. v 28.—1 n Gillette the discount on bills on Eng. throughout an estensive country, and daily receive
land is pitted at 15 per cent. rthe benedictions of the oeople. In a moment• of
{holy enthusiasm for all that is great and good, the
French nation arose en nursse in 89, for the over-
throw of feudal tyranny, and in your capacity as a
i rreech Prince, you supported their rights—you
, liave a splendid example, by preferring the rights of
" Ssne.—The events which have occurred during • the people to the usurped privileges of the Nobility.
these last fifteen months ire unexampled in the an. The principles which since pot arms in our hands,
tials of history. France, twice invaded by the have survived the revolutionary storm—the sa-
Powers of Europe, a man sprung from the Revolts- turssalia of 93 have been unable to disgrace the hel-
lion raised to empire, banished and recalled by the lowed name of liberty : that dynasty by which it is
Hating ; the successor of the Kings of France re- respected, will alone remain unshaken. Those sacred
stored, after twenty years exile, to the throne of rights, purchased at the expense of so much blood,
his forefathers, and soon after forfeiting that throne are—the sovereignty of the people—national repre-
through the errors of his family and incapacity of notation by popular election—the imposition of taxes
his Ministers; finally, this same successor of Kings, bus ?hose Representatives—the independence of
by the Rid of 600,000 foreign troops, invested anew Judges, and trial of Citizens by their Peers—
with Rosa! authority; all these circumstances have the equality of all le the eye of the lava—she re-
completed the calamities of our country. ; sponsibility of Ministers—the liberty of the ilia-
" For the second time your Majesty is brought vidual—of. prep—and of religious worship—
into France, which now fixes upon you her fondest the abolis en/ of confiscations—oblivion of the
hopes. Fifteen months since, you stood forward as puss—irretFQcability of the sale of notional pro-
the deliverer of your country; you came ettentled party, A.,
•. l'""'
with peace, you promised a good Constitution, and " Those are the sacred rights against which all
the people loudly testified their gratitude and their human power will be unavailing. The Prince who
joy. They were unreserved in their affection, and would violate them, would drew down upon himself
thought not of setting bounds to your power. They the hatred of the people, and would perish. No power I
adored you as the father of their country, and wor- can withstand the force of public opinion : if this i
shipped you as an idol. With this imprudent, but truth has been hitherto unfelt, it must cease to he so.
sincere love, mingled itself the incense of servile and Let not Sovereigns, ever jealous of the liberty of
corruptive adulation ; men, who during twenty years their subjects, make vain promises, which they would
had lived distant from the throne and from the dan- , hope to violate with impunity. The reign of de.
gers of their country, usurped the place of citizens, ception and despotism is gone by, it is no longer pos.
who, during that period, had exposed their lives in sible to fascinate the public eye with the shadow of
its defence, and who alone should have surrounded liberty, and to lead us finally into the abyss of
your person for the benefit of all. These Nobles of slavery—the
.principles of the nation are unshaken,
Gothic ancestry enforced on you the persuasion that ' and you will not disregard them. Your glory,
you were the Providence of that nation, of which Sire, nay, even your safety, are coexistent with
you were but the first Magistrate ; they set your will their integrity, and remember that that Constitution
in the room of the laws, your interests in the room which declares your person sacred, offers an asylum
of those of the /slate; all things were referred to your ' only to the just administrator of the laws, and not
person, and the descendant of Henry the Fourth was . to their violator, and that if the Prince abandon.; the
encircled with those futile and ostentatious masks of Constitution to attack the people, the people in
deference, reserved to the Courts of Asiatic tyrants; despair may also depart from it, and resort elsewhere
Sweaty years adversity had not warned your Majesty for arms of defence. The internal relations of the
against the dangers of flattery, and your anti.cham. country once settled by you on a firm and liberal
bets were crowded with these antiquated Courtiers. 1 basis, its external relations will assume a more can.
Instead of advisers, whom you needed, you were sor. , did and liberal character. Let the shameless wiles of
rounded with slaves. Parasites that they were! They diplomacy, so long mistaken for a science, be ex.
taught yea to forget that the state, in which all are • ploded from the Cabinet of Princes ; in times
solicitous to serve, is not less monstrous in political , when nations were made for thrones, and thrones not
institutions than that in which all are ambitious to' for nations, whets ambition. caprice, and force de.
eommand. They led you to give that charter, sided the fate of the world, deception may have been
winch, hardly granted, was violated with impunity ; taken for an art, duplicity for a virtue, violence for a
concessions to public opinion were no sooner made right, but its these days, public opinion proclaims
than rescinded. You ought to have been the head other principles, throner are raised for the people and
of sho whole Froneh people; they preferred &ear- hy the people,
log you the chief of the Chouane and readeaus•— i 44 The present age has no resemblance with those
The liberty of the press was suspended. A Minister, I which have preceded it. Never did reason obtain a
no less insolent than absurd, sporting with reason inohler triumph over prejndice. Fanaticism of every
and with the Representatives of the People, suds. kind lies fully exposed to the hatred of mankind,
i
cloudy asserted at the tribune of that House, that and there is no Frenchman who has not a just sense
the modern censorship of a Cheron and Demersans I of his rights, of his dignity, and of the duty of Kings.
would, in Paris, recal to mind the censershin of 44 Become a man of the present age, Sire, mei
Cato in Rome. The irrevocability of national pro- often recal to your mind the fine admonition of An.
perty was shaken, the equality of rights was no tigonus to his son, ' That Kier should devote them-
longer bat a name; it was a virtue to have be- selves to the good of their people, that they are in.
trayed one's coontry, it was a crime to have stituted to govern and not to dominate, and that
served it. Priestly and Ministerial despotism arose! finally the kingly power is only a splendid servi.
ready to crush the most sacred rights.--At 1 tude.' "
home, the Executive Power, proceeding in direct
opposition with the Legislature and public opinion,
foreboded a long and bloody anarchy : abroad,
France, stink in humiliation, had fallen from the
rank to which 20 years of military glory had raised EXTRACT Or A LETTER FROM PARIS.
her ; the King of France acknowledging himself the a; The trials of persons for seditious cries still
Tamil of a British Regent, the country felt indig. continue; two persons were tried a few days since,
want at such an outrage offered to its independence , for having cried Fire Napoleon ! in the Faubourg
and honour • a revolution was ripening, often Napo- St. Antoine, on the very day of the King's arrival
)eon appeared.: You had neglected the rights of the in Paris. . l'he defence was highly ludicrous. The
nation, and the nation deserted you, leaving you to, Advocate urged with great vehemence and gravity,
fall from a throne to which she had called you for that the Prisoner,. cried Vine Napoleon! from mere
the good of all, and not for the benefit of a few flat- habit—par l'habitude, pas par !'intention. The
terms of despotic authority. Your Majesty may King's law olficer replied, with equal gravity, that
read lessons for futurity in the vicissitudes of the this could not be, for that the King had entered
past. Instruction may be afforded you by the events Paris ' two good hours before.' it came out from
of year own life, and even the errors of Napoleon the evidence adduced against them, that the Pau.
may supply useful admonition. Your return is bourg St. Antoine was in a state of open insurrection
effected by the aid of foreign arms; several of our on the evening of the King's arrival. The Bona- This morning we received the Paris Papers of
Provinces are invaded, and the blood a France has partists had obtained • complete ascendency ; they
been shed. Amidst the tumultous train which at- notice that Ith white flags were not ' Sunday last. They are miserably deficient in news.
gave a regular s e
!
tended you to the capital, your Majesty, beheld not takes' down from the windows in half an hour, they Marshal NEv was to be transferred from the Con-
the numerous lands laid waste, nor the orphan claim- , would demolish the houses. The result was that the ciergerie to the prison of the Abbaye " some dry
ing a father slaughtered by the enemy's hand ; and order was instantly obeyed. Whole bands of Bona-Inest week, " and his trial would probably take place
yet, withip the space of eight days, sixty thousand partists paraded the streets. It required a strong mi. ,
n some way or other soon. REONACJ LT Sr. J ii.AN
Citizens bad fallen. and thousands of habitations had !nary force to restore order. The 'King's attorney, —I
been destroyed. Deceive not yourself, Sire, the ma- in alluding to the Faubourg St. Antoine, called it n'Axarey-embarked at Havre on the 4th, for New
jority and most worthy part of the nation,w hose only 6 the favourite resort of the amateurs of revolution,' : York. •There is no allusion to the rumours in circu-
nish is the welfare of the country, without having ' ' which created a laugh, but recollecting himself, he lation of a change in the Ministry ; but the Reports
assisted in your return, will still sustain you. You nay
the KING, by FOUCKE, are at length no-
paid thus hi chest compliments to the universal demon- made to
be beloved, but our country claims our first love.-- strations of the public joy 'which had taken place . •
&iced. It is allowed that they are hawked about,
Amidst the shouts of `ire le Roi, are always there on the day of the King'sfete. The result was, •
heard the shouts of Vice la Nation ! {Tine la Lt.! a still louder laugh than the first. Nethittg can he and generally attributed to the Duke of Oznesreo,
bertel* ! Those who wish to unite around your per. conceived more truly French, than the manner in bet the manner in which they are disavowed leaves
son are not subjects eager to behold a King, but men which the Orator shrugged up his shoulders, and ene , little room- to disbelieve their authenticity: " We
ate authorised by the Duke of Orgasm' to disavow
who could teach the stranger that, bound by one ' tered, without the least embarrassment, into anothsto;
*to forma I
common sentiment, they will never ceasebranch of the case.
nation, and in their acclamations, they hail him who it The Louvre is every nigght guarded by a cons- (not these identical Report')9 or the truth of them)
Is to command respect to their rights. The French . patsy of the National Guard. The apprehension is, but every thing which is not published with his coos
people whom you once again meet, are filled with that the pictures might be destroyed. The French sent, and signed by him." Still, even in this very
warm and generous feelings, but they are not incon- would burn them rather than see them removed.— disavo a suspicion that the Reports,or something
aiderately eethusiastic . The intoxication of glory has The Dying Gladiator IQ. been removed this day : it
like
teas,
ethem, may have been made, though 44 they
vanished ; freed from the illusion of that extravagant is the noy statue of celebrity that has yet been car.
&minion of which they have felt the Injustice and the
, vied off. The celebrated Torso is marked out for re.
_ought not to have been published," is seen lurking
danger, they will die in defence of their country, of move!. The garden of the Luxembourg has been re- in the writer's mind.' 46 If such reports have been
Mot i r liberty, and of the power which they confide to opened to the Public ; several of the trees have been made, they ought never to have been' published and
you, and which you administer for the public weal. injured by the fires with which the P.russo
can only have been distributed
'ass cooked,
They require a chief, bet they will never acknow- their victuals. It exhibits a very carious appearance by persons eapabk
having falsified
ledge a master. 'at present, the beautifully verdant alleys, shaded of them." But are they falsified ;
. ' with orange trees, now covered with dirty huts eon: and for what purpose were the comosed ? Not
' 'is The • eels inflamer is vole vs Rai) famished to behold a y p
strutted for mesa and horses. Soldiers and their merely to be slembtred
flag. This is an allesseo to Henry IY. over by a powerleu epkares

wives and children, in a very drsgustrug endless,
reposing themselves upon the grass, or washing their
raiment in beautiful marble edged reservoirs of we.
ter, and hanging it to dry on the statues of Apollo,
of Mercury, and of Venus. There is the greatest
difference between the encampmeet of British and of
the continental troops. The British camp in the Bois
de Boulogne, is quite romantic; there is the greatest
regard to cleanliness.. The trees are. so. low, and so
close to each other, that in many instances a comrott-
able hut is constructed by interweaving the tops,
which still contihue in a state of vegetation, and pre-
serve their verdure. The freshness and fragrance of the
air, in the calm of evening, the music heard on every
side at the quarters of the General Officers and Colo-
nels, the neighing of horses, and the voices of the
men heard at a great distance, produce a most pleas-
ing effect. The troops with their officers are all iu
motion at five o'clock in the morning, and continue
either marching or manoeuvring for three hours.
This is cousidererl necessary for the preservation of
their health and discipline. The officers of sub-
ordinate rank ore delighted with their present life.
They all keep horses, ride every day into Paris, and
return at night to sleep in camp. This beautiful
wood has been 9oniew hat injured, but not permanent-
ly. The_ trees cut down for firing were only of two
or three years growth, and in that time will be in a
good, if not better, condition that before. The
blood road, which runs through the wood, is every
day crowded with bands of music, conjurors, done-
. ing dogs, and every other source of amusement which
the poverty and ingenuity-of the French could invent
to beguile the English soldiers of their money. It is
astonishing with what quickness they communicate
n ith each other in mutual ignorance of each' other's
language. The l'russian quarters are never frequent-
ed by any description of French, even to sell trinkets
or refreshments. Not a single print of Marshal
Blucher is to be seen in any of the windows in Paris,
there are very few even of the King of Prussia.
Prints of the Prince Regent and the Duke of Wei-
lsngtoti, are to be seen in every print shop. Most
of the prints of the Prince Regent are from portraits
1/dm-executed whilst his Royal Highness was Prince
of Wales. Paris was never more crowded with English ;
it is amusing to read the invitations to them placard-
ed on all the walls, in broken English, from rope.
dancers, fencers, ventriloquists, and inventors of
curious philosophical recreations,' all concludingwith
compliments to the great wealth and munificence' of
Thu English 'nation."

LETTER OF .1 FRENCIIMAN TV THE

KING.

STATE PAPER.

The Emperor of Austria grants en asylum to King
Joachim, within the limits of his dominions, under
the following conditions :
CONDITIONS.

Art. 1. The King is to assume the title of a private
individual, the Qaeen having adopted that of the
Countess of Lipona, it is suggested that his Majesty
should adopt the corresponding title.
2. The King is at liberty to chose any town in
Bohemia, Moravia, or Upper Austria, as the place
of his residence. f his Majesty should think proper
to live in the country instead of in towns of the said
province, no objection will be made on the part of
the Emperor.
S. The King is to engage on his honour (parole),
in the presence of his Imperial Majesty, that he will
not quit the Austrian dominions, without the el.,
press consent of his said Majesty, and that his mode
of life suitable only to that of a private tier..
son of rank, and that he will submit to the laws la
force within the Austrian States.

In the faith of which arrangement, and according
to the established ovege, the undersigned has, by the
command of the Emperor, subscribed the present
Declaration.
Given at Paris Sept. I, 1815.
L. S. . (Signed; Le Prince de METTERNICH.

Art. alai's. Ilse
1
0
0
1

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

I'RICE OF STOCKS THIS
Sails
S per Cent. Red. •►ut
per Cent. Conk 543 i
4 per Cent. shut
per Gent. Nui. 13-In
•

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
I.4ne, Ann. shut
India Bonds 7 8 ti
Exchequer Hill, 4 6 d
Oniogum 6i 7
Consols fug Atte. 571

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

W EnNrEsnAY. SEPTEMEEIt 13, 1815.

and then thrown into bis escrutoire to rot. 1r
• it
' are told by the very Correspondents of the
which has denied the authenticity of those docunirtri
in this very same, silly, and equivocating man„,
that " the King of FitAxch, alluding to the &Toni'
Report in his Council the other day, eddressed him.
self directly to Fouciri, and rem irking upon that
part which steles that there are but* ten Deparrtap„,,
in all France devoted to the BOURBONS, sahl, 6 yol
rely not a little on my desire to learn, and My pt
tience to support the truth, since you venture
submit so indecorous end equivocal a statarr,„t;.„
end that " from that moment M. Forcrit foresaw L:,
dismissal, but was prevented from giving in leis tliSig.
nation at once by the advice rf his patty." Either
the Courier or its Correspondents have been fibbing
, here; and as to the assertions of the Paris Editors,
we would beg leave to ask ISem, if the state
France is not such as is described in these Relarn,
what is the actual situation of that country, in ,t,
gard to the important points touched on by (he
sister, or those who have taken upon them to im
prove his representations ?—Hawked about pay.
! and read and discussed publicly! ego
not the truth or falsehood of the statememi
be easily seen when this is the case ? Dim laminarie,
indeed, " that shine like lights in sepulchres,"
afraid to show the Golgotha by which years set.
rounded, we question you in vain. Your allotrag
I task of slavery is your best excuse. Truth has eta
had to steal her way from beneath the iron sceptyysg
despotism. But. she also has her hear of trial:111A;
and joined with liberty,
• Immortal Liberty, with look sublime,
I " 131Pnrh the tyrant's cheek in every varying clime."
There is no intelligence to be relied upon from the
South. An attempt is snide on very poor authority,
which sufficiently indicates the state of ignorancein
which the public mind is kept at Paris in regard led.
affairs elsewhere,to induce a belief that the assemblag a
in arms against th.. King's Government in the Cevennes
are not nearly so considerable as has been stated--
In fact, that the transactions, at Nismes and else.
where, which have occasioned so much dread, hats
been but very trifling affairs indeed. But the former
statements in these Papers, from far more rreditab'e
sources, and the Proclamations of the Austrian Ge.
octal, of the Prefect and Commandant of the De.
partment of the Gard, as well as the Ordinances of
the French Government itself, will not allow us to
attach much belief to these on tilts of anonymcal
customers of the Journal de Paris.

Nothing further is said in the Journals respectirg
the Peace. The state of the Funds, which rends
steady at 62f, indicates that considerable confidence
it reposed in the statements which have been pot into
circulation respecting the Treaty. Indeed, the hopes
held out on this subject, and arising from the sp.
proaching meeting of the Legislative Chambers, sp.
pear to be the chief causes of the present tranquillity,
these hopes shall be disappointed, France sad
Europe know what they have to expect%
The'private letters. speak more positively on the
subject of the terms of the Treaty. Some of them
assert. that it was signed at Paris on the 27th alt. sid
ratified in London on the Ist inst. The integrity of
the French territory, they assert, is folly maintain-
ed ; and the Allies ere only to occupy certain for-
, tresses until the final pay/emit of the war contrib.-
tion, which France is to pay to the Allied Powers is
part discharge of the expence occasioned to them by
the late rebellion. Of these sums the portion allotted
to England is Nine Millions Sterling, not the teeth
part of our disbursements during the last twelve
months, and very far from authorising the hope test
any one tax imposed on account of the war will be
speedily removed. The Paris letters further slate,
that the Allies at first wished to include Strasborgh,
Metz, Lisle, end Besancon among the cautionsry
towns ; but upon the urgent remonstrances of the
French Government, those places were extunpted
from hostile occupation. Much caution, they Flo
has been used in drawing up the arrangements for the
future residence of the Allied troops in France. They
are not to be raised with the French troops of the
line; but to do the common garrison duty of tie
towns they occupy, jointly with the National
Guards. The whole number stationed in France is
to be 150,000, viz. 50,000 Austrians, 50,000 Pr°l"
tier's, 15,000 British, 15,000 Russian, and 20,000
Bavarians, %Virtembergers, &c. Various other sti-
pulations are agreed on by all parties to secure the
future tranquillity of Europe ; and hopes of a surd
aria durable peace are, in consequence, entertained,—
but not by us, if no other means are to be adopted
to remove the cause of all the danger than Armed
precaution, brute force, and the oumeliorated I"Y
of the BAUM/lONS.

The most able and interesting Letter to tl.•e Kin;►
ascribed to M. Manual., a Member of the le*
Chamber of Representatives, which we this day in-
sert, and which is one of the publications suppressed
by the French Government, though the answer to it
is allowed to be sold, would better instruct the
Sovereigns of Europ►• a• to the proper and the VII
means that can ensure stability to their thrones sal
tranquillity to the a orld. We have not room tot-
ther to remark on the wise and temp•:ate policy rt.'
commended in this. document, which it is crr'i"►dl
not to the credit of any Government fo ittrorl
to stifle.

:

The following are from the-Paris Papers:—

PARIS, Serr. 10.—It is said that Marshal Ney is
to be transferred to the Abbaye some day nest
week.

Reports to the King made by the Duke d'Otranto
are hawked about : if such Reports have been made
they ought never to have been Published, and can
only have been distributed by persons capable of hay-
ing falsified them. We ire authorised by the Duke
Otrnnto to disavow every thing which is not pub-
'Med with his consent and signfd by him.
Letters from Charleville state, that the 2c2 olTcers
of the National Guard of that place, who had been
conducted to Wesel as prisoners of war, have just
been restored to their families. It is hoped that Ge-
neral Macke, Commander in Chief of the army of the
North Of Germany, will give a fresh proof of his good-
ness and humanity, by ordering to be set at liberty
four heads of families of the Commune de Neufmanil
(Ardennes), victims of an unjust denunciation, and
conduced likewise to Wesel.

It is d.ffictilt to discover the truth, in the midst of
the contradictory accounts which reach no, respect-
ing the events taking place in the Gard. One of our•
customers, who has many relations in that country,
affirms, that there never was, nor is there at this time,
any eskemblage of rebels either in the Cevennes or in '
the Gardonnenque. lie then proceeds to state his
reasons. We most sincerely wish these assertions to
be well founded,nud that tbealarming reports of a con-
Wet able army in the Cevennes, commanded by fugi-
live Generals, whose stomp: have even been mention-
ed, had no reasonable foundation.—(Journal de
Paris.)

Bram,ls Papers to the 10th, and Frankfort to the
6th inst. arrived this forenoon, from which we sub-
join extracts. An arrival of Hamburgh Papers, last
night, to the same date, brought a copy of Lori
B mimeses instructions to Sir G. COCKBURN as to
his conduct towards BONAPARTE, in which the for-
merly acknowledged Emperor is Generalled pretty
well. We have been considerably at a loss to know
why it was necessary to bring a military man all the
way from the Mediterranean to undertake this task I
of " glorious guard." This Paper discloses to what
quality the Admiral owes his appointment. It is said
he is " resolute"—America knows it.

CAnt.saunc, SEPT. 2.—lt was yesterday, the Ist,
that the moveable columns of National Guards,
which were in Landau, began to march out of that
place. This first column consisted of 40 Officers and
fiBo Subalterns and privates, and took the way to
S4verne. To-day, to-morrow, and next day, three
other columns follow, making about 1800 men) who
Lave only one clay's march to make.

THE STATESMAN.

NAVAL IN'TELLIGENCE;

DEAL, Arms. 12.—Sailed the Princesi bf Walei,
for Jamaica ; and Isabella, Henderson, for Phila.
phia.— Came down from the River the George, for
for Rio de la Plata ; and Neptune, for Jamaica.—
Sailed the whole of the outward-bound.
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 12.—Arrived in the Isle of
Wight the Olive Branch, from St. Lucie—sailed
from St. Thomas's on the Ist of August, with about
100 bail ; alsa his Majesty's ship Pattolus, from
Plymouth.—Sailed the cress, Lawson,for Batavia.
Pi.ystot:Tit, Aug. 11.—Came in the Cephalus
sloop of star, from a cruise.—Passed by the John,
Buschman, front Tobago: sailed the Ist August,
end parted from the fleet on the 4th inst. all well.
FatAtotmt, SEPT. !O.—Arrived the Ladg Wel-
lington packet, from Lisbon, with a Mail ; Sisters,
Broad, from London, for LekSoro.—tiailed the Ches-
terfield packet, with a Mail fur New York aid Ha-
lifax.

BRIGHTON, Saar. it.

The Steyne last night had a numerous conflUeneti
of promenaders ; the fashionahles, however, Were not
in proportion to the Bourgeoise, hot sociability and
good order in all parts prevailed. Several Ladies and'
Gentlemen from the opposite coast were there, but
none of particular distinction.
There has been no arrival from France today; but
La Union French packet is now houirly !Inked
for. The Thomas, with 30 passengers came i:i yo..
terdav

r.ey write from Switzerland that herßoyal High-
ness the Princess of Wales, after having made a little
tour to 51,trul St. Gotha rd to visit the Devil's Bridge,
and what else is remarkable in the country, arrived
on the 16th at Lugano. Her Royal Highness, as
soon as she arrived, went to the Franciscan Church,
to see the Fresco paintings of the celebrated Luini ;
she examined the bas reliefs of the porch of the prin-
cipal church, and continued her journey on the 17th.
VIENNA' A cc. 26 —lt is said by some persons of
reslaTtnbility here, that a great Power strongly in- I
sists on the integrity of France; this principle meets On Saturday last a Gentleman holding a very re.
with much -ppr,sition on our side. For some day; spectable rank in society, was committed to irork
past the exchange of couriers between this place and Castle. to take his trial at the ensuing Assizes, on a
charge of threatening to shoot a banker at 'Judders-
Parig is very active ; couriers have also been sent to
Constantinople. field.
Mr. KEAN played Richard the Third, at the Chet-
Bausset.s, Sher. R.—Several corps of English renham Theatre, yesterday, at 12 o'clock, and Ocs
troops, amot.g which is the Sth regiment of foot, isoian in the Mountaineers, at the Gloucester The-
have passed within these few days through Cambray, atre last night.
Bnean.—A new assize has been imposed on this
coming from Belgium, and marching to Peronne. i
Between the 3d and sth there arrived at Ostend article by tne bakers themselves, as announced in the
from England 'eleven transports with troops and annexed bulletin :
horses.

Last

" Bikers' Hnll, Sept. 4, 1815.
" The price of the best wheaten bread ought not
to be more to the public than I Id. per quartern loaf,
to take place on Thursday next, the 7th instant.
" J. CAI.I.ENDA R. Beadle."
' A PIMP TREES.—A correspondent in the neighbour-
hood of Frome, informs us, that by washing apple
trees and the branches with quick lime, it will pre-
serve the trees from blight, and ensure a crop.—Se.
venal trees in that Gentleman's orchard, which had
Dot undergone that process, suffered from the blight,
sad failed, whilst the others produced an average
crop.

Notice is given in last night's Gazette, that the
urn for electing a Member for Oxford.bire, in the
room of Lori. F. A.SPENCER, now Lord CHURCHILL,
Rill be issued in 14 days.
PRUSSIAN' Geamune.—While the Prussians are
openly in their Journals accusing the English Go-
vernment of circumventing their views in France,
the French attribute their sufferings to us, and say,
that we only make use of the Prussians as our in.
struments. Nothing can be more illiberal nor more
ungrateful than this impunities, after the manner
that the Duke of WFLLINGTON and kis army crow_
fluetPil themselves. The Prussian Papers carry their
resen,ment against England even to personalities
against the conquerors at Waterloo. The Rhenish
Mrectiry contains an infamous charge against the
British Commander, which we make known to the
,',[l2lish Readers, that they may learn how we are
"'met' by our Allies, in return fur the stand we
Lire made to save them from ruin. It is as fel-
"! :—" Those," says the Prussia:. Paper, after
Alluding to IJULoW's not coming up, " who ascribe
the result of the whole battle to the English, and
imly allow the Prussians a small share in it, might
',every justly asked, why WELLINGTON on the 16th
'as not ow the field of battle ?—lf he had on
the 15.11 put the whole array in motion, then he
might equally well have fallen on the rear of the
}tench army, and been ahle to rout them, though not
go completely as the Prussians did on the 18th.—
What is related of the transactions in Nivelle, where
Pleasure alone was attended to, on an occasion when
blood was flowing in torrents around, must fill with
Profound sorrow all those who are believers in an
innate nobility inhuman nature, and who ace unwil-
hog to lose any of that respect which they Madly en-
teitaine4l for a great man."
Pr.rs:a Cs; En a v, Esq. (lately of (lorodean, Hants),
heel, ippoioled (I Judge of the Court of Ap-
ical and Circuit for the Nostbern Division at Madras.

Coax-Excit.vcdr, SEPT. 19.--We had a good
supply of Wheat from Suffolk this morning, but the
trade was exceedingly heavy, and Monday's prices
with difficelty obtained for finest quality ; all other
descriptions are unsaleable, at a reduction of full 2a.
per quarter.—Oats go off much upon the same terms
as on Monday, although the arrival wag tf.lerably
large.—ln Barley, Beans, and other articles there is
little or no variation.

DRURY-14PM TIMATRK.

'-

HAY MARKET THEATRE.
--ow-

A DREAM INTERPRXTED.-Sir John L., with his
usual raillery, thus addressed his sister, at the break.
fast table, the other morning :—" I know, Lady
CAROLINE, you are deeply read in the Philosophy of
D, earns, and consider them as commands from the
Genius of Sleep to direct our waking moments :
now, I pray you, upon that principle, interpret the,
curious dream I had last night.—l thought I was at
the Bank of England, receiving a Dividend upon'
Fifty Thousand Pounds Stock, anti that a fellow
pressing upon me, I called net lustily, Oh I my
four Corns; when the man, with much good nature, ;
exclaimed, law bless you, Sir, I'd 'rather give you
nine Cheers than hurt you. Now, how do you ac-
count for this extraordinary Dream ?" " Here is
the thing itself," said Lady CAROLINE, pointing to;
an .'•dvertisement in the Newspaper, " you are di.
rected by the Genius of Sleep to BISII's, either at ;
4, Gorn-hill, or 9, Cheer4og-Crois, to purchase
one of the Three Prizes of X 30,000 Stock in this
Lottery, which begins 7th November, therefore make
baste, or they may be all sold.".

This Theatre closed last night, after a short, bat
very successful season, with tlrr Comedy of The.
Heir al Lam, and the Faroe of A Chip of the Old
Block. After the play, Mr. TERRY came forward,
and addressed the audience as firtluss
:-•-
L.toica AND GICITLIMICD.—Thi. 1...• try. precluded by
yirciieliviSeryS, from she frill exercise ..r it, lice:
rinses slier a very ihorl .ea an. Anmoil mehoo/A-
leileiavaiii of anouai (avatar. bare been*. repeats dir tittered ow
1104 Mit it m now diACtiii 1.. tart/ She ..%pre,-.lohs of era-
tins r : hat I am requested by PrOprieloill who condlOl
tie prtletunnlces of stir Stay. is. offer their t•ineere and hrarr.
felt ri ttttt k 4 far the pArmoise Who'll you have oestusse I upon
th. it And to moire .ou, that your long in ,i continued
s indelibly I- pressed up in their mnoorv. The Per.
trraters, Ladies, turd Genttemea, tun,' tally srn•iblr of the
elsevris, rnet,erogras,io which you fussy grser..t•lV afforded to
their, esertouus, and we .e•pertfally bid v u fare wen.

Hoes.—The hops which have escaped the mould,
and ale otherwise of unblemished growth, must be
got uoin high order, under the present settled fine
weather, so favourable to the season of picking.—A
fortnight since we observed that the plantations, ge.
florally, were likely to turn out better than was ea•
pected; but since that period they have changed their
appearance, from the effects of the mould becoming
more visible, and disappointed the hopes which were
' then entertained of sending to the oasts, what is com-
monly called an steerage crop. Prime samples must
be scarce; they will theref.fre meet a ready sale. end
command high prices. Some few bags of new hops
have already been sent to market.—(Susrcs Paper.)
A few days since a party of Gentlemerf were dining
at the London 'Cavern, among other topics Dr.•
Coopue's Medical Board., at Charlotte-house, 13Isek•
friars, become the subject of conversation. They
were of opinion—the promoters of that establishment'
merited the (barks of the country, as it was on.
questionably the fountain-head for advice, forit was.
incredible the number of unfortunate individuals
that fall victims to ignorance and improper treat.
mew ; and there was no doubt but many valuable
lives would be preserved. The Chairman. Sir W. U.,
wittily observed, there could be no wonder at that,
as it was well known one of the Medical Gentlemen
who frequently attended the Ward was a Life Pre.
WWI) fot omen Coatuaelion these must be Wisdom.

=`s'

Kii."7:7«..7_,:i7 417

. .

re **lt EDITOR er ir A i

O.

. • . • • 9
a
. night' the Comedy of The Hypocrite was &a,--L i your Souraial •.•
TO. alt. read
performed to a Crowded house, in which the intim- eery incorrect report,.4the hearloi of mii-Petition
parable acting of Mr. Duw•rom in Dr. Crinlareg has by the emitter", repretrinted
so justly fixed his fame. Miss Ksr.tit was nips! though f ion siorrendere4 to the Comed,sinsh.
lively and natural in Charlotte, which she represented err under the Commis',
,lloStifhtl!.,eaui';',o.lt.i.
for the first time; and Mr. dna*** tave the true end would theiefore that,' jowl!, ..st niter
tone of humour to• Mdzgataorwir'' Mr. WAt.r.hcz is my explanation that 1114,1 to tjr i.OlO
now fixed as, the representative of the gay man of Lon, in Coeit, I liese.bi neva meenporidnniOgwed.
fashion, and he was perfectly at his ease in Gelonet by three of the CeolLisifoilei;; girt I %tr.
Lambert..
•
i rendered at die ?did nieetli.g.wifl.4 the ram m isZi
After the Pity; a new and More liberal transit-
son the ifith ju , Tor reloort 1s also
lion of the French piece, under the title of The Ci-rit and ert;;lielitia iii niiierrespectS.. I theieferl
Magpie, or the Maid of Palairseals, was brought hope that ye, icifl now, in 1n 'ice in me, insert In
out. Con,iilerahle expenCe has been bestowed On your Journal a correct one; w (lido I sena 2on heti:
the getting up of this interesting little story-7-and with,
though it is to occupy the attention of the public it t Sii";, •
both Theatres, even .after the run it has hid at the oar servant;
Lyceum, it cannot fail to attract, froM the mixture. . . • ,yufiN DUFRSNE.
of gaiety and pathos. that it possesses. King's Beach; Sept. It, ,
The principal difference in the construction of this
piece from that performed at the lyceein is, that in
the latter, Plait/eau is the loier of ..innette, *hilt in
the former he is merely the Farmer's servant, the au-
thor having chosen another lover in the Farmer's
son. We think this an improvenient, for, there is
tiro much childiihness in the character a filiiiseati;!
which, notwithstanding the excellence of his Intart;
tenders the connection between him and the high.
sauled Annette incongruous, to say the least of it
nor cari we snppnse that the lover of 'bindle could.
have heed trifling with a trinket at the very door of
the hall in svilith his inislress was receiving sentence
Of
The examination tic?'

co ml. ai Cif AI4',FRY, Lititoug's Prry mit Lt 4
Avo 4•

. •
Ei-PA:Rig DtIORtNE,i lil4 711 E MATTER Ot DUtßilll7l;
t. A It %Mint/PT.
„
The Petitionor i 4 43 loouoi up fiy (J 4 111491 f!t 1 C. *I
!rom 111 P King's Benet, P.kon, rdti th. purl. w of
firing personally he ird in is1)!40111 of his petition to
upperSedi the Curinis•ritiro of genkroptcy *Oink
hini.
Mr. Penssiu, the SeCretsry of ilviltruptlt. 01'44
.tie.returo of NI.. joroOt, the 11/I*r•hst of the knell
geneh; to the .slit of 11:thr-us Coypu.: ishel.n set
forth tbot the F ironer • a ononit • •-•rl to his ;41.,0t1y
on the /2il of A Itt ,„

.navies Nit; for iter!ining at hot
, . ..
terilay in the afternoon. The Prince Regent packet • _ ....mutation ..:one 'was highly wrought; and -
.the avidity With which the Justicereceiies the money, ther •
has between 50 and 00 persons booked to sail with
and the aisirauce wilt, with* he silences every ergo- esantientlen befog. ih; Conisels4iertete 4., k.
ropts, mini the: .pittprief, of atie prem./ 11+ alert;
her this evening.
al
usual, have had gay. cep-
,• moot against the injustice of his proceedings; by .
The Libraries today, deeith:d by the Lord PliniteelJor.--Atei this rs inert '
stating teem to lie actOrdiug to ts'i., highly amused wag ►'Pi& the fotheehijr preliminery imesielti wets
peacances. Walker's, Donaldson 'a, Trott's, and
including t the audience. .
...
Cheat's, have been crowded at all hours,
in their asaemblages almost all the rank and fashion• , '
The conch:ding et.ri, which scarcely differs Ginn Pertrionen—" My PIM. 4;11 I tiPitaik oh the
of the place. At the former, the juvenile pupil of that of the former piece, mat challenge thessblinka commitment, .ir nn the p., ,inn r•
.. , • ,
Addison, Master Miller, will offer some new me. range of the drama to easel it in deep and gentiiie LoaD CHANCELLOR—" Oil Nhich 'la phis.io.,
lollies this evening, to add to the attractions of the
interest. The procesSion trot the Out] of „itsidee, PETITIoNEn —44 I will then pr4reed %fib the pee
the solemn albeit adora•ion of Aidetle before the titioll.".
lounge. •. . •
LORD CHANCELLOR-64 I must here remark; thud
At the Town Hall, thia morning, a woman of no cross, the sympathy expressed to the countenasoces of
common dash was cited to appear before J. H. Bates, the auditors, coutrasted with the ,apathy of the you have no right to be heard beteg under 14; teen.
march Esq. in consequence of ter refusing to pay a guinea gets Lear me. slid the unvarying of the ten. mitment, but I shall wave that objettion in the pre.
the . ,
for the finding of a valuable brooch she had lost, tine!, the departure of the procession to place of sent case." , •. , • . .
though she had advertised such a reward to any per. execution, the suspense which succeeds the burst of : i'kerriaira—" Such objection Must, I piesumei
son who should restore the trinket to her. To the joy from hottest Blaiteats, the ringing of the tocsin, depend upon the validity of the Chaimission, as if
first eitement, a summons, she declined appearing; anti the shouts of the assembled multitude, create the CoMmiision be invalid the Coinutiasioneri tan
but the second, a warrant, brought her to the bench such a tempest of emotions in the mind's of the spec. have no jurisdiction."
between a brace of constables. It was evident, after tutors, that (acknowletigieg the excellente of the Loan Cuancer.i.oe—'` You are irong, isn't I
she had obtained the brooch, that it had been her in- piece by the most unequivocal of all language) thet, shall wave the objection."
tetition to evade the payment of the advertised sumere completely absorbed in the illusion, they weep . PirtiTiOUll4—" If twit be yourLotdship'e opt:for finding it ; but which 4 few words from the Ma. when the actors weep, and rejoice when they rejoice. Ilion, I ani isislited bii 14 indulgence."
gistrate induced her to forego, and advance the re- A story, indeed, more efficient, and that comes The Petitioner then stated has case, lihich wain hi
ward rc:;uired. The charge of the summons and more closely home to the best feelings of our nature, ' substaolle, is follows i—That .it *as the Petition of
warrant, however, she, for some time, resisted; but does not exist in the modern drama. Its construe. John Debase, late of Leeds, in the ereinty of
on being told that the warrant would not be dis- lion is purely French, and much ingenuity is dis- York, merchant, atilt Prey:eel that the Cominissiiiii of
charged, and that she must stand committed until the Played in the prog, ess of the fable, the felicitous in- Bankrupt which had been issued against him might
expellee she bud incurred should be answered, the troduction of little incidents that contribute to the be superseded at the etpente of the pethiettiei
heat of her temper subsided, compliance waited upon end, which, with thc- bye-play of the ertors, produce creditor, on the ground that there was no petitiettieg
necessity, and she was then permitted to take her the finest influence on the heart. A beautiful Ballet creditor's debt, and that it was a vezatioucrunlitioue
lease. is introduced in the first Act, in which a numerous cernntiesion. Here the Petitioner remarked, (hit
The toll-gate keeper on this side of the cavalry • Corps de Ballet made their appearance in very pretty his Lordship had repeatedly declared in puklic, that
barracks preferred complaints to the Bench, In con- French dresses, and Mr. thane and Miss Smite a commission id bankrupt was the suljeces right
sequence of the gins t/eiuerce.shitlbiTedral Ifitrber: &salted* pis tin deur wfith great and deserved ap- and that be etioki not soiellOoiser *ad isie Loseloigf
rack'', wishing to pass through the gate, when not Please. Of the acting of the Piece we cannot speak would no doalitme* declare, OW, in this case, li
immediately on duty, toll-free. If these Gentlemen with too much commendation. The fatne that Miss supersedcas wee lifSo the ouljeetts sight.' The pi:
must he shut out from the interenurae of the town, to • )(MT acquired at the Lyceum is here confirmed.— titioner proceeded tri statei..tiutt ii docket nos at rock
which the barracks belong, or be liable to a toll-gate* Nothing could be more genuine—more heartfelt than against him by a parson its I,ried.iin, on iihirh a Corn.
expense every time they entered it, their case is pee her expression, air, deportment throughout ; and she mission of Bankrupt issued, beariee Bite the 13.11 of
culiarly hard, and the Bench was of that opinion, was most admirably secondeel by Mr. Dowrox, Mr, June, 1514. That a former Petition lisd h"si pie.
thought it could not supersede the clause in•the Act MUNDEN, _Mr. WALL %CI, Mr. Krironr, and Mrs. . settled against the validity of the act of ininkrOp.:".;
of Parliament. Seanxs. An apology was made for Mr. POPE, which petition was dismissed ; end the circumaintices
whose part, at a short notice, was very well 'filled by stated in the present Petition were, tlint•some lime
Mr. Pnt wee. The dresses were all correctly in the ;merinos to the issuing of the Commission. the pr.
French costume. It is rather too long, as it is a titioning creditor represented himself to he in it!.
faithful translation of the original, with only a slight modal embarrassment; antrthe Petitioner lent and
word or two altered, and in France it is given as a endorsed to him sundry bats of exchange, 'tumuli".
first piece. Mr. RAE, the new Manager, gave out ...jug to upwards of one thousand pounds, for whist(h
the piece for to-morrow night, amidst bursts of ap- lie took the petitioning creditor's accePtateces, by
ptobation. way of repayment. Ton of the bilk so lent to the
r i petitioning creditor were, %I'm, due, dishintourell hr
I the acceptors becoming insolvent, which 'mounted'.
together to 'shoot 600. and which colistituted the
alt. god debt on which the (;-trinii..iim w is sued nut.
One of these returned till. for 3001. list] been dis.
counted for the petitioning creditor ttv hi. brother.
in.law,who sneered the Petitioner, awl lie pot its hail
to the action. Previous I. ynrldmetit briog uhisiu..l in
the said action, the Pet: toilet' call. 11 ups.. 14
holder of the bill to settle the matter, and prevent
further preceediegs, when he was told !bat the
money for the bill had been paid by the petitioning
creditor. Soon after this, the peritiouing ccediter,
by collusion, caused an execution 10 he issued against
the Petitioner, in the name of his said firorhe.. in,-
law, for 3601. debt and costs ; and the Sheriff lesied
oil the Petitioner's goods to the %RIO" of 67(P., The
Petitioner then applied to the Court of King', Beech,
and the execution was set aside, NS bring illegal; but
the property milted by virtue of it was never restered ;
and as its value eaceeded the amount of the petition.
iog creditor's :Auk claim;. the Petitioiter contended,
that, therefore, there could be no petit'oss4 pre.
ditor's debt to sustain the Coutimissien, but that,
on the contrary, a balance *as due to the Petiti•mer. .
On the sr
point of .law as to the petitioning creditor'es
liability fur the property mite', tinder the Hiegel
execution, the Petitioner cited the else of Perkin a.
Procter, Wilton's Reportsi vol. ii. p. 38Se Al Ilai
second Meeting under the Commission at Guildhall,
• no person offered to prove any debt but the pee
Li Winning creditors and he chase himself sole es..
1,. signee. Soon after the Commission tented, one
):, hundred and eleven of the Petitionersa creditors, Idea
reside at or near Leeds, in the roma)? 1.1 York,
signed a memorandum in his favour, arid iudirative
of their desire that the Commission might be sue •
perseded.
The ',Wirral ercurriatances ettmuline ihe Coma
mission sere-'ghat the biil of exchange, op which •
the execution was issued, and afterward.' the C
mission of Bankrupt, ens oriijoally lent by the Pe
titioner to the petitioniug creditor to :nevoid Ott tree
ittg arrested. The Attotniel 'heist. the Commissio*
wets. formerly the.Petitioner'scoofklentiel et tender,
and were employed by him to get back the good., or
the value thereof, which had beet' mixed ander the
illegal expeation ; hut, instead of thus prnreedieg,
they) &boat die same time) tOlifil oat spit Comusiteioa
