'w••■•%_'!"%

THE STATESVIAN

of Heaven." He was afterwards directed by another he was in hopes, by this woman, something would
vision to purchase a quantity of paper, and to take be revealed ; but now THE I
he felt greatly disappointed, I'I.I. X i 1 t E r
TO 'JOHN C.
it to Mrs. S. from whose dictation he was to write. He and all he could say was, that he was in the same N ;
did so, and now has the manuscripte in PEACE BEI•WLEN
HS I • possessioos state!with respect to his !stle' ledge of God, as before •
lie declared that London would be visited by ehe saw this woman. The two female attendants, DEAR Sin,--When
plague, which would destroy all those who were • Mrs. Townley and Mrs. Underwood, were incense- , inclosed amongst (elm
unbelievers in Mrs. S.'s doctrines. A Mt. Major, fable. They had all pictured to themselves many
telt about the II tipj.icg
from Ireland, also states, that he was commanded by.
,happy days—the enjoyment of Heaven on Earth. in the presence of Get
a vision to come from Ireland, which he did, and This sad event, this unexpected change, so suddenly Eiy, came to take me b
afterwards saw the portrait of Joanna in Mr. Tozer's coming upon them, was too much to hear. One of you, exclaimed, •' W 4
parlour, which proved to be the- resemblance of the the disciples declared he should turn Unitarian.—
but I shall )et see
vision he had seen. There was also a Mr. Howe, I None condemned her •
as al teems' or. 0; e declamt uttered that exclamation, little indeed did I 11-r ire
one of her followers, who was most zealous in her he would ever revere her memory, an ;l (owe a month that your prediction would so soon Ft,:+ta to he in it
cause, and, it is believed, prevented her from making visit the spot where she was laid with pious and re- fur nay of being fulfilled. The poifte wit.' Arnerbet
disclosures to Mr. Reece, which she had intimated verential an a! !! is certainly the most auspicious event that I lone ever
nu intention to do. In the month of November last, i " Such is a plain narrative of all the circumstances load to recot d, or to notice, t-ince the first &it, th:11 I
Jonnna was visited by Monsieur Assalitti, Professor Which aftentjed my intercom:: wits, this singo!a( chit_ ,elitured to put my thoughts upon pneer. ft vetoes
of Midwifery in Paris, and Acconcher to the Em. rector. In giving my opinion of her pregnancy, [ to maidsiod a prospect of happier date. ft bas, 11-
press of Vratice. This getoltsman was introduced was led to confide much in her own slatenient, and , n stroke of the pen, blasted the malignant' JiopPS of
by Mr. Reece, who, on the same day, introduced to on the known veracity of her character. I have no the enemies of freedom, baffled rill their spertintionss
the impostor, at her own particular desire, General hesitatioe in slating, that both Dr. Sims and myself : thing them back beyond the point whence they mart-
Orloff, Aid-tee-Camp to the Emperor of Russia, and were made the dupes of imposture, systematically ed in their career of hostility against the principles
another foreigner. Monsieur Assalitti seemed to laid and carried on by this artless woman, who, one ;
' of political and civil liberty ; hurled them and their
think her pregnant, but urged a proper internal exit- would suppose, most have been tutored for this pur- paragraphs, end pamphlets, and reviews, end all the
mination, which elms not acceded to. Gen. Orloff pose by medical instruction. From this imputation,
rest of their hireling productions,. down into the dirt
treated the old lady ts itlt great respect, making a very however, I entirely exclude her followers, who were ;to be trampled under font; changed their exultation
low obeisance. Ott.the 1901 November the Doctor no less deceived than ourselves. Indeed, her apps. into mourning., their audacity into fear'. Let those
received s note front Mra. Underwood requesting his reedy artless behaviour I consider now as the chief to whoa liberty and slavery are indifferent elk about
attendance. Ile found Joanna much exhausted, low engine of her deception; and whoever accurately
•
hotintltry lines, passages, fiseitte banh., and .c,nittner.
(14examines cial arrangements ; you e ill look at the j ace with
Br-
and ,c:,41, and unable to speak her mind. Find- her portrait, as delineated by Mr. Sharpe,.
ing herself', she said, gentile's flying, she could not will perceive a certain archness of look about the very diiferent eyes ; you mill see in it the greatest
but consider her inspiration and prophecies as debt. eye, which tends to confirm this opinion." stroke that has ever yet been struck it favour or that
sten. It was on this visit that the writer thinks she Ile thee mentions certain contrivances of Joanna, cause to which yet have devoted your life ; amid
was inclined to entifess her imposture, but was by witteh she imposed upon him and others, and pre. struck, too, at a time, mime almost every friend of
prevented by the believers then present. She par- served theappearance of pregnancy. I freedom, except yourself,'• seemed to httre yielded to
;
titularly said, "11 hen you have heard me speak 66 Since the death of this miserable woman, I have feelings of despair.
of my prophecies, you have sometimes heard me say endeavoured to learn, if she or her followers have But, in order to be able fully and:justly to esti.
that I doubted my inspiration ; hut at the same acquired wealth by her imposture. Her books, it ap. mate the consequences of this peace, *a muse oleo a
time you would never let me despair. When I pears, have had a very extensive sale; but a great!review, Ist, of the cause of the wan.; 2d, of the
have been alone, it has often appeared delusion ; many, it is said, have been distributed gratis, in or. i causes of its continuance anti! now ; and, 3,1, of the
but when the communications were made to me. I der to make proselytes. The seals, it is positively , causes which produced tee peace. When we Weyer'
did not doubt them."—" Feeling as I now do, that asserted, were never sold; and the followers persist !done this, the consequences of such a termination of
my dissolution is drawing near, and that a day or that not one instance can be adduced of it. A per. !the war will naturally dere:opt. themselves to our
two may terminate my life, it all appears delusion." son of the name of Carpenter; originally the priest 'view. Happily this war bas'closed before its causes
Upon which Mr. Stowe, one of her disciples, said, and adviser of the prophetess, is said to have receiv. i and its objects have been forgotteit. We are yet
" Mothers your feelings are human. We know ed money from this traffic; hut they were not the! within the recollection of every circumstance sand
that you are a favoured woman of God, and that real Joanna's. Mr. Soutlictia herself was left an I though I have, over and over again, stated them all,
you will produce the promised child, and whatever estate by one of the believers, amounting to about lit is now necessary to recapitulate the materiel
you may say to the contrary will not diminish our 2501. per annum, which, with, her other property, ' Points, and to give them, if possible, a form and si-
faith." This assurance revived her : and the scene lam told, she has bequeathed jointly to Mrs. Town.; tuation that may defy the power of time. All sorts
of crying was changed with her to laughter. Mr. ley and Mrs• Underwood, by a will made some' of vile means will be used by those who have the
Tozer afterwards said to the writer, " Poor woman, years ago. Wealth thus obtained can afford no ; controal of a corrupt press, to misrepresent, to dis.
how can she despair ? She reasoned as a human comfort to a conscientious mind. Her disciples filzure, to dicgui,.e, to suppress, upon this important
' ' being : but God will soon give her comfort. I have assert, that they expended property upon her. Is it occasion. the hirelings are raving with mortifica.
strong reasous to believe that the childis to be cut not a suspicious circumstance, that no alteration was lion at this grand event, the consequences of which
out of her side, as a woman was taken out of the made in her will after she conceived herself to be , they feel before hand. It is, therefore, incumbent
1 side of man." Even after the writer had changer' his pregnant ?" ! upon us to place the whole of the matter in a clear
opinion, Mr. Tozer, Colonel Harwood, Mr. Sharpe, " After the events that hare occurred, would it • light, and thus to do all that we are able to coon-
Mrs. Townley, and A. Understood, persisted in be- be believed that the blinded followers of this infa. teract their efforts.
lieving the child would be born, and establish the tuated woman still (sting to her opinions, and that First, as to the cause of the war : though there
millenium. Previously to the dissection, Mr. Sharpe their faith should not he in the least abated ? They had been several points in dispute, the war was pro-
said to the writer " that he had an arduous task to have now totted that the promise of the child wet duced by the impressment, by our naval officers, of
pet form, but that the result would greatly redound conditional; that if the people had treated her 1 men out of Americas' ships on the high seas. The
to his honour and reputation ; for the soul of Joanna kindly, she weuld have produced it; but in conse- I Republic wished to take no part in the European
would return, having gone only to Heaven to legiti- quence of Mei* hardness of heart and want of faith, , war, especially after Napoleon made himself a King.
mate the child which would be born. Fifteen years like the Jests lo the Messiah of old, ree Lord had ' But she, at last, found, that, in order to avoid ae.
I ago be had purchased flannel in expectation of this taken the child to Heaven ; and they assert, there . series equal to those of war, it was necessary for her
I event, in order to keep the body warm." never was before on earth a character, so pure and to arm and to figfit. We stopped her ships on the
" On the day of her death, the news of peace with free from sie as this woman, except our Saviour !! I high seas, and our naval officers Impressed such men
America arrived from France. This event inspired Soleieen suppose, that before the 12th of this.'t as they
thought proper, took them on board of our
her followers with frez,ll confidence. 4Do you sot nitigth she *HI rise again, and produce the promised i ships, compelled them to submit to our discipline,
think,' said one of them, 'itis a most curious cir. child!!! Such is the influence of fanaticism over and to fight, in short, in our service. The ground
cumstance ? Oh ! if you do not tee that God is about minds once accustomed to receive its impressions ! ion which we proceeded to do this was, that the per-
itodo a great work, you must be blind indeed!' In They wish to continue them. 1 sons impressed were British subjects; and that we
the course of Tuesday, I called again, for the por- 66 The report, that she exclaimed, just before she ! had a right to impress British subjects, being seamen,
i pose of informing the attendants I would decline expired, ' England! England! how have I deceived find them where we might. The Republic denied al-
I opening the body if they would not consent to it on thee;' I believe is- not true. 'rite account of her together our right to take persons of any description
the following day. I saw on this occasion Mr. embassy to the Rev. Mr. Poromeray, to request that he iby force out of her neutral ships, unless they were
Sharpe and Colonel Harwood, who considered the would marry her previous to the birth of the child, soldiers or seamen actually in the service of our ems-
time would not he expired till the following morning is by some denied. It is, however, certain, one of my. But, perhaps, if we had confined our impress-
at four o'clock, according to her dying injunctions, her followers was deputed with a message of some ments to our own people, she might not have gone
' making four days from her death: after that time I kind to him; and it was most probably of that na. to war. This, however, our natal officers did not
was at liberty, they said, to open the body. On tore." do. It has never been denied by our Government,
this I appointed two o'clock next day, when the : _ .._ that many native Republicans were impressed by our
Colonel informed me he would himself acquaint the , DESL, Jeer. B.—Came down from the River and officete. It is notorious, that many of them have
medical gentlemen who were appointed to attend by - „or(' the Termagant and Badger sloops of war, for been compelled to salve on hoard of our ships ; and,
I Mrs. Southcott. Ile requested to know the names Portsmouth; and the Shannon, lePlntosh, for Leg.
of course, that many have been wounded or killed ;
curbed from their country, their
and their affairs,. Mr. Madi.
of the medical gentlemen I intended to introduce, horn ; also carne down front the River the Vansit- ' or,
nt least,
'
when I gave the names of Messrs. Clarke, Wain,. tart, for the East Indies, and remains.—Also arrived homes, their family,
in his last speech to the Congress, slates, that
Caton, stud Macleod. The disciples in attendance the Phoenix and Rattler, King's ships, and sailed ; `on, / " thousands" of Native Republicans were thus im.
were equally sanguine in the idea of her rising again, for the River.
I
before war wns declared by the Congress.
She is not dead hut sleepeth, seemed to be the opi. ANISG \IT, JAN. B.—Came in the Russian brig
at last, declared War e but rhe Pre.
Ilion of the whole. In performing the dissection, it • meuricker Durckman, Master, from Louisa for • rile Congress,
sident, always anxious to avoid the calamities of war;
was requested by Mr. Tozer, that I would conduct Bourdeaus, with deals, water-logged and swimming
it in the same manner as the Cesariatt operation, that by her cargo, having been got off the Goodwin Sands immediately proposed the renewal of negotiations
all hopes of resuscitation might not be destroyed!!! with loss of anchors and cables, by the Deal boats,
:for peace. Mr. Russell, then the. Republican Mi-
Lond hi
To this request I replied, that certainly the same who conducted her into this port; also came in half sister in
ton, signified to Lord Castlereagh,
stipulate
power that could raise a putrid body, could raise one a dozen coasters, and remain. August 1812,hat he was authorised to
for an Armistice to begin in sixty days, on the fol.
that had been opened. His next request was, that I
lowing conditions : '"Flist the Orders in Council
This day the Dividends commence payment at the
would take care of the child, for heard all the disciples ...
-monk, and no Wednesday, the 18th, the Lottery be repealed, and no illegal blockades be substituted
were fully confident, if Joanna was not raised before .
Drawing. There are Two Prizes of for
. them ; and that orders be immediately given to
opening the body, the child would he found on dis. will begin
wen yThousand, and Two of Ten
, T • t
section
rican vessels, and to restore the citizens of the
Th! First-drawn Prize above Twenty-five Pounds,
" The following day, a quarter of an hour before
will receive 'lets Thousand Pounds, in addition to
lUnited States already impressed; it being moreover4s
•
the time appointed, I arrived at Mrs. S.'s in order to
such Prize. well auderstood, that the British Government will
prepare the body for the operation, but I was not ;
assent hoe
enter into definitive arrangements as soon ai
DRIADIIBI. Fraeo.—oiiSseunodtamy
tin°.
K;iiiin.tag,Haohwo.achtaisatwolero:(c..tnmerki,nga. !
permitted to touch it till the expiration of the hour, Are brokeoutat the
threaten- may be, on these and every Other difference, by a
either at London or Wash.
hanging as it were with a fond and eager hope to the cemettininixnfetahsevDeudes
i ketrlcLonribtuomtbheerinatn•iirLowuthood. in •
Ina ; Treaty, to he concluded,
last moment, in the cherished expectation of her 'f'.:w. '
Illins°tlesethe' whole premises were iu a blase, whit:Acorn- .
circumstancessee ltlgtoll, as on an impartial consideration of existing
rising again. At the appointed hoar of two, the mnaicatett lass ceiu(thot s shop, adjoining,
r, 'tea WareLiuse" ' mentliz to
shall be deemed most expedient. As
.stOttany'‘destra;cedis:as were likewise Use back pre- •
n,eclical gentlemen were punctual in their attend- : her. it tweseeriet n
an inducement to Great Britain to discontinue the
ance, viz. Dr. Adams, Dr. Sims ; Messrs. Taunton, houses
EAN, A plentiful supply of water prevented any further pro-
practice of impressment from American vessels, I
Clarke, Want, Caton, Mathias, and several great of the Caine,, and about seven o'clock it %to somewhat
ned but broke out again, and did serious damage to am authorised to five assurance that a law' shall be
; iNnobeirthurnberland-houset the side lower received considerable
(to be reciprocal), to prohibit the employ.
others, whose IlattleS am not acquainted with. I
then went with some of the disciples to the apartment ,
went of British seamen in the public or commercial
A great deal of the properly
1 eirtjuiry from the tire ; most of the windows in that part were Passed
where the body was lying, and I Was surprized to
service of the United States. It is sincerely believed,
fied her exactly in the same situation as when she is
bon"ledeesyti rud;c7wlisash'edsa.ved by the exertions of the naighboinunti.le'
oaN-ExcnAstoe, JAN. 9.—There heing a great supply; that such an arrangement would prove more ethers-
died, lying in bed, and covered with flannel, with
;„ of Eat and Foreign Wheat at market, and but few buyers, :
C.ous in securing to Great Britain her seamen, thee
her wearing-apparel, her rings, and every thing ''' ' sales were heavy, at a reduction of Is. per quarter
on the tifie", the practicel
of iMpressment, so derogatory to the
demand,—Bur- ,
ley 3r. cheaper, and 'nntaienbie at that price.- Oats, Beaus, sovereign attributes of
the same unaltered state. The body was now in such the prices of other kind: nominal, there Doing nit.
the United States, and so in-
sad degreeoe__ 0,0 oi.
compatible with the personal rights of their citizisee."
to the limbs to convey it, and it was accordingly
viLl`ttajEngligh' )
40 64 I Beans -, 36 42 ! Lord Castlereagli's answer to this was as follows :
moved to the table on a sheet. On every thing being , ,Ditto (Foreign),. 40 70 Old ditto _
hi readiness, the attendance of the medical men was i Rye
Burley .... ...... 26 321 Old — view you have taken, of this pat t of the subject is in-
requested, who all placed themselves round the table
,
, New ditto oats 26 JO correct; and that,' In the present stale of the relit.
and behind them stood the disciples smoking tobacco. ; man 66 72 Fine ditto ..... .....
" Thellisappointment of her disciples on opening' white
44 46 Poland do. 01 2b lions between the two counnies, the operation of
19 the Order of the 23,1 a ,Jane, can ()lily be defeated
..ewePeaso
....
....... _
.....
Feed
ditto
of the body, may be better conceived than described. i;ittodglilers
.. 48 52 Fine Flour .....
.. .5,t 55 Y
a refusal on the b pare of tout Ciosert:ment to de.
It was strongly depicted in every countenance. Mr. ; Grey Peas 3B 38 Seconds ... ••-.
......ons.— sist from hostilities, or to comply ti ith the condi-
Sharpe was the only one that held out to the rest the I
SMITHFIELD MARKET.—JAN. 9. tions expressed in the said Order Under the eh'
balm of consolation. Life, he observed, was involv
in mystery. His mind had been so often turned
the investigation of the works of the Deity, to disco,
evidence for the existence of the soul, that he
I satisfied of the existence of a God and of a soul:

-

•
.•
E Q.
(IF I N'itANNI..
i EN(;I„ANi) AND AMIA±M.-..
you. ri fir* mteuteu after I iTtsci
pHs in Nawgul.,, fur ba%fila
Mi!itin-re
tratall•Dragootts, ut ,:ie ftviVtt
by the timid, ritta, lookieg I', anti
Tel!! nrn severity eats
;" yeti •
little ititleed did I hrttP

'est the —..........
WiltrIELD MARKET.—J4e. 9. tions exprescod in the said Order. Under.tbe sir
'volved ,
To slot Ist 0141 per gtove of sib.
... 5,. pd. to Os. Fiend of Cattleo4 thie day t cumstances of your having no powers to negociates. I
reed to , Bee :. •
iscover bloom ..ss. Od. to 64. et. jteu.t
veil ... ;4. Od. to t3s. Od. 111teep
he ~.. " Port ....G4. al. to Is. 04 Calves ...
i: that Llebb • ...O. Od. to Oi. Od. PIP . sto bring forward.--I cannot, however, totraiu on ea. . e
: st
_ r
. -
. • • •-,
• ..: ..,,
. ..
z...,.. • ,•,--,-,. ~)
. . ..
. , .
•
/
