LONDON:

SATURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 20, 1821.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Since the Account day, lag Tuesday, the Funds
hare been improving, which is supposed to be owing
to money being rather plentiful in the market. Con-
sols opened this morning at 7811 for the Account, but
there does not seem to be much business transacting.

At last the Organ of the Gang has allowed that the
people take a sympatly in the treatment of Sir ROBIRT
Witsox. lle has ventured once more to follow his
friend the.old Jacobin ; what a pity this happy pair
will not think of their old principles, and not run
headlong into- these labyrinths, to which their per-
verted imagination lead them blind-folded'. We would

refer them to the Letter of the POOR MAN IN THE
Boeocon, inserted in THE STATESMAN last %MI, and
recommend theta to study its contents with care, and
they will there see their keepers denounce themselves
on that great m;ignanitnous and wonderful piece of
British diplomacy, the Convention of Ciptra ; they
will see the reply of 6E01141E111. to the Citizens of Lon-
don ; they will see the dismissal of Sir IttoRERT con-
demned as contrary to law, and by the very men
who now advised the act ; but what is conviction to
those who bask in the sunshine of the court, and look
dorm with contempt on those who pay them ? These 1,
two literary ruffians ;ire tiow.trantic, all their forebo-1
ding:rare falsified, the people read Time STATESMAN.I
TUE Porta MAN IN THE BOROUGII called out for a'
silver-anti copper subscription; his call was attended tol
in every parish, ahuo:,t-every public-Louse where the
tedesinat; spends an hour after the labours of the
day, and almost every hamlet that is not under the do-
mination of some magistrate, some ministerial tool, or
lordly pauper. These poor tradesmen are subscribing
to remunerate an offieer that bas greater claims on the
country than those wit:, have been bedizened with gin-
gerbread and tinsel. The poor people pay down their
pence, shillings, and crowns. They call upon their neigh-
bours to come fortvard like men that feel alive to the
interests of the country ; and naturally consider
they have a better rigitt to support this brave'
this generous and patriotic soldier than such ruffians
as would butcher them. Sir Ronear WILSON saved
the life of a brave soldier, about to be inundated at
the shrine of ll—b— cowardice. Ills heart and Lis
purse were never closed to the wants of a Mead
or an enemy in distress. '1 he character given of him
by Monsieur Deettv, when on his trial fur a noble act
of British generosity, should put Monarchs and their
advisers to the blush ; and, notwithstanding that he
has received five honours from King's and Emperors,
the poor creatures that guide this oppressed and over-
loaded country, who have got into his Maaesavis
Councils, advise his dismissal and the confiscation
of his property, without a thotight of 29 years hard
service in all parts of Europe and Egypt ; and for
what? They dare not tell ; their hireling societies
dare not tell. Should these trump up any thing in
the shape of crime, they know it would be instantly
refutes ; beside the manoeuvring might cause some
blabbing that would re-introduce petty-coat agency.—
That his MAJESTY. as first Magistrate of the British
Consthutioo, is subject to the advice of such men, is to
be deplored, as the waster not unfrequently comes in for
a shale of that odium which the law says ins wholly
attributable to his servants. The law of Etsgland
is
founded upon good bid custom!, Magna Marta, the
Billof Rights ; and Royalty is placed within due
hounds, by the Act of Settlegnitnt. The infringement
on those sper!al boundaries to prerogative, canned
Caens.cs I. to lose his head, and James 11. his king.
-dom. Ter, after such` remendous examples, men art
to be found,. who, is the year of 1821, when Europe
and the new world are agitated by revolutions, 'and.
the actions of monarchs scratisived wills *deniar se-
verity, sad the peoples: in every • country but this,
etsrerging from Royal slavery, would venture to injure
Bass character of tberr Royal master with their min in-
isoasisteaCy, sad reidiet; themselves the objects of.
-pity
rhea LOMA, Aim Europe. Their power and
