In the solitary instance of the vote
M'Mahon, any occasion, where it
vigour enough to check the Executi
Servants of the Crown. But even
I Ministers were strong enough to ire
tion, by creating another place for
the place of that . which Parliament
Lion. As to the argument, of times
being times for reform, he referred
signed isy thirty-six Peers, which
of necessity were tbe proper times
known, in point of fact, that ram
tabled but in such times; for then the
grievances so feeliuglyj that there w;
tltlieat agreed athi
with lime we
being redressed. Some Gentlemet
this lint
tohuagthttt
i on this question, called loudly for
1
wouldto
ohe
! he would ask upon what principles.-
Were they to unite in support of Lard Cece rra h
and the trafffcing in seats of Parliament b...e -g-
-o I_, ghi 11
Were they to unite in defence of public derl e ;
If the Gentlemen despaired of persuadirm thue'r 't
mass of the people to unite with them on such `7il-
ciplee, the shortest way to become an united people,li
was for them to come over and join the great hotiv
of the people in their prayer for a refetreation o'f
abuses. If that were done, all an:mt:Eitics would be
at an end. If Gentlemen talked of the ri •se of our
trade immediately pier the InCoon 1 Older' • . 1 , ba
i should say, that a great part f. I• o tus apptent rise
arose from Goverummit deluding.the coup ry with
holding out the advantages of a trade with South
America? • Kg -had himself log 10,0Wl. of ifs pro-
pert), by embitrkjul In 'the .hdOei'no held On! ; and
I the Court could not forget 'that in the I t
is a year
there were abouti3ObOankruptcies, among which
were many men who had figured among the first
merchants of the metropolis. lt would be a cur'.
ous thing to ask the 'assignees of many of those
bankrupts, how much money tad been paid as
property tax, by men whose *profits wire aa.
i thing. lie himself had been assignee to a bankrupt,
i where the creditors could not get sixpence in the
pound, but where nothing could be got back of
money paid as a tax !von income which dal not
exist. He thought that this income tax, with the
power of inspecting every man's books, was suffi-
, dent to cut down the ancient English spirit. The
1 GOvernment ought not to say that the people of
England could bear taxes to any amount, but that
they could not bear any ameliorations. They should
i not say that the people could bear all manner of in.
i sults,—the embezzlement of the national property
—the conferring places, pensions, and sinecures on
1 the most unworthy objects; but that'they could not
Ibear any reform. He knew many Liverymen who
I were afraid to put their names to any !requisition,
j for fear that they should be marked by the tax-ga-
therers. What a degrading situation was this for the
inhabitants of the first city in the world! If the
people had a reformed and honest House of Com%
mons, he was convinced that all their apprehensions
would be at an end ; and that they would willingly
1 part with every; thing, even with their *existence, if
necessary, to sustain the interests and honour of
their country. After dwelling for some time on
; some of the topics which he had urged at the Corn.
men Ran, he concluded by sating, that if the peo-
-1
pie would but act fairly and honestly themselves,
they would have nothing to fear from any Minister ;
t but if they suffered themselves to be the degraded
tools of' any Administration, and would not venture
1 to carry up to-the Throne any addresses but what
I were adulatory, then their cause teas hopeless, and
I they must be considered a nation prerared for
I
, slavery.
Mr. S. Dixow was against the motion, and de-
fended the conduct of those gentlemen who had
i abandoned the politics of the Jfier side, on the
ground, that the sooner-a man who discovered. his
error leaves his former associates, the wiser he must
2PPea •
r He did not wonder at the number of bank-
ruptcies' if many merchants, like the gentleman ee-
-1
posite, had sent enormous ventures to South America
without knowing the state of the market. Note eh-
stand the present moderate style, he knew the inten-
tions of the party, from sentiments delivered in ono-
:her place, and he should vote against the motion.
Mr. Ikon's, in au eloquent speech, opposed the
motion.
Mr. FATELL supported it.
Sir WILLIAM Cuwrns saw nothing in the conduct
of' Miuisters which could warrant his withdrawing the
support he had hitherto given them, and would give
his most hearty vote against the motion.
Mr. ATCHESON spoke on the sama.side, as did also
Sir C. Pince and Sir J. Suaw.
l
. After a protracted debate, in. 'which Al.ermen
COMAE and WOOD, Messrs. G. Etioseare!,, WYK-,
and W.oxiii.c took part, the C4eert- eh • 'ended, ~hew
there appea'red—
ror the Motion - - • 98
Against it - - - 93
Majority for the Mafiosi 6
A Committee, consisting of the Aldermen pre.
sent, with a Commoner from each Ward, was im-
mediately appointed to prepare an Address; a
nd
having returned with a draft of the same—it
read and agreed to, and ordered to be presented
to
6
_
his Hoye! Highness the Prince Regent by the whole
Court. The Sheriffs, attended by the Itemendwah.
cers were then directed to. wait upon his Royal Hig
,
ness to know when he would be pleased
to recclo
$
the same. .

Mr. Irving, who it.hasinen 'stated fought and o 9
'wounded in a duel on Ilagshot.heath a few days
disco, with a person unknown, died on Saturday last
a ball having been caraited from the lower part of
-the chest.' , A Jury sat on the body, and delivered a
verdict bf Murder, against some person or persool
utiknown.
Wednesdly morning, between the hours of four
and five, a fire broke out in Conduit-court, Log'
acre, leading to Hart-street, which burnt very tit'
ly for some:time, consumed two houses, and darna•
ged two more.
thromxr, who was lately executed in Suffolk for
Carter and hi'

respecting Clone
it appeared to have
3tive, or rather tl.e
rl in this rag ~ the
nsult the whole tie-
1r this favourite, in
nt would not sane..
Ines of trouble not
rre4 to a Protest,
stated, that timea
for reform. It was
rms were never of
le people spoke their
/ma chance of their'
who had spoken
)r union, and said,
an united peoplr,
Id be deoiroble; but
'a we wore to unite
r 1'.." ••
