THE STATESMAN.

oeudary a
Tbt seek iostitutions are likely to bit most stable and
sorrel when 'stinty or chiefly supported and managed by me-
tossies themselves.
S. Titatthe Meeting aeknowledge with approbation the ex-
saiOlit eV& the illesaanics of Glasgow have Art their brethren
ft large, it betty; the int to establish on. this principle of self
support sad esertioa an Institution for their omn instruction iu
the arts sod sciences.
et That there shall be established as Institution in the me-
tropolla, to Isocidlood the London Alecbatil!•l' institute.
h. That the Landau MltChallitil. Isstitute shalt. in the Ant
leatenees. comprelmad all those persons who hare already given
le their names as metabers. as well as all those who may do s
est or before the. Id Dec. *a their conforming to the laws to
Whereafter adopted for the constitetion of the institute. and
that after the sold td December persons shall be admitted
..ambles and on such coaditiees and in such manner as these
laws shalipcsvide.
It. That swarm the objects whidt the Landow Mechanics' In-
Salute shall hare specialty to view. shall be the establishment
foe the Wirth of the Members sf Lectureships on the different
arts tied scienres.ailitrary 'lnference and circulation. a read-
' lag room, a mimes Of seedy's. a school of design. and an ex-
periateetal workshop and tab..ratory provided with all tures-
eery inanimate mid apperatus. • •
7. Tim the meal. subSoriptios to admit imechanie to all
Iltebaseilts.of the Institute' shall got exceed one guinea, and
*ante pitiable either it once. or by loaalatenti.
S. That the ftiredslo knowledge and ithproverseot be in-
vited to eostribrne towards the accomplishment of all the afore-
"lad (atones, by donations of money. booki, Illyrian:est Lad
apparatus.

Mr. Sheriff Lute, a propmet the first Resolution tot
the adoption of the 3leeting, and in doing so he expressei.
hie teem at the interne. of S 1 r. whose all grasp
for mind would have done so much justice to this important
subject. He was gratified with the opportunity of stating
hho decided approbation of the object of this Meeting ; and
if he felt any pain on the occasion, it was that he could not
express such approbation in a more effective manner. Whet,
be first came to London, onfriended and unknown, lie had
felt the bruit of such en Institution as they were now, he
hoped, about to establish. It would save thousands of
mechanics from those runions Courses to which they now
resorted. because they bad not better means of occupying
their time. It was, however, gratifying to him to be able
to state that amongst all those inquiries which in the
discharge of his official duties, he deemed it right to make
amongst the tried and untried persons .confined iu the
City's Prisons, he found very few maehanies.—(Cries of
hear and applaine.) There were many dreadful instances
nettle consequences of immoral. negligent, and evil courses,
as well as gambling, of which an appalling instance now
engrossed the public attention, hut in all the afflicting cases
that came before him, there were few instances of the com-
mitment of- mechanics. The fact showed the general
character and habits of such class of their fellow men, and
establieheil them as individuals who were prepared to on.
:operate in efforts to promote their advantages. They must
remember .that the mechanics, in -fact, eonstituted the si-
news of the state. Poets by their imaginate powers might
correct and improve the taste of a people; but the me
clanice formed theireal strength of the country. Under all
these circumstances, lie proposed the resolution.
Mr. R. (Vrtu seconded the Resolution, which was una-
nimously agreed to.
31r. R. TAYLOR proposed the second Resolition.—He
10xpreseed the high satisfaction lie felt at 'teeing the plea
for a Mechanics' I nstititte taken op so warmly by a Meeting
more nomerous than he could possibly have expected .to
see asmothled on the present occasion. Great benefit had
already accrued from similar institutions, not only to the
mechanics themselves, but to the interests of science.—
The Learned President of the Liontean Society mentioned
wish much respect a School of Natursli-ts in the humble
walks of life at Norwich in the last century, to whom the
study of Natural History was considerably indebted. Some
of them were weavers, or journeymen in other brandies
of trade, 'anti were not less remarkable for their
general good conduct, than for their a al fur the acquire-
ment and promotion of knowledge. Of one, be
observed, that " lie was still living, and bad as
discriminate a knowledge of our wild plants as most
botanists who had made a noise in the world." The
short and simple annals of these humble and disinter-
ested admirers of nature might seem eearcety perhaps wor
thy the attention of the accomplished naturalist; but those
who had the test claim to such a denoinfnation would feel most
interest in the success of their fellow labourers, how far so-
rter below their own. lie need not remind the Meeting of
the number of distinguished mathematicians who had risen
from the humblest stations. The mantes of Saunderson, Fer-
guson, Emerson, sod many others, would occur to them. Be-
sides the Institution at eilaseow, there was a very flourishing
Institution of t .e some kind at Edinburgh, which had been
f.tanded by Mr. Horner. Similar institutions had also been
commenced in Birmingham and other parts of the kingdom.—
He hailed with toe greatest joy this glorious Meeting, if he
might be allowed to call it so; for tie had never been present
at a meeting, woich, in,his opinion. was so likely to promote
the true interests of the operativectasre,, and to contribute to
' the welfare of all classes of the cominuidty. Heroic:hided by
proposing the second Redsolution.
Mr. HULLO seconded the Resolution, which was carried una
ninweesly.
Mr. Jotter St nem. 'f AT Lon, Barrister, proposed the third
Resolution, which contaitte.l an acknowledgement of grati-
tude to the mechanics of Glasgow, fur the inspiring-es-
ample they have given to those of other cities to establish
similar institutions. lu such acknowledgment the name of
its founder should not he ontutitfed. It had been said by
a Sage of antiquity, that " Philosophy descended from
Heaven to dwell with man.' She had hitherto dwelt only
with one dais awl the classes of subordinate rink bad
been taught to regard her as an incomprehensible and un-
approachable divinity. It was the merit of their ex-
cellent Chairman to have emulated the prejudices
which meitttained this selfish doctrine ; to have thrown
open the gates of the temple of civilisation to all
the votaries of science; and to have marked out a
new line of contioneication between man and the universe,
of mind. (Apples...) He Understood that there were'eeme
who considered that was the interest of the employer that
his mechanic ghoul I be ignorant. He hoped this opinion
was ratertained by few. He would desire the s. who
cherished that opinion, to look to our West Indian Colo-
nies, and to see there the Of et of a system which tolerated '
absolute authority OR one side, and imposed abject severity
on the other. '1 he evil that prevailed there, by the opera-
tion of these extrenie rinciplea, must convince them that
there were reciprocal duties to he perforated between the
employer and those when. lie employed, without the
perfOrmance of which there could not be any secur.ty,
confidence, or peace. The learned Gentleman concluded
his epees h, which was generally and lundly applauded by
enforcing the expediency of the members of the Institute
being made as web as possible interested fur its success.
Ma. J. Marra/Lae, who was announced as a painter and
glazier, come forward to second the Resolution. He felt
ninth satisfaction at witnessing Sr! large and so respectable
a profoortion of the working tradesmen of the Metropolis as.
sent Weil around him ; it was setting a praise-worthy example
to those unfoitunste usen,who, by frequenting the pot house,
instead of attending to their on ti interest, were hastening ra- .
{idly their on u ruin, as well as that of their wires and fami-
lies. An I here be could not help conlret slating the City of
London on having asone of its Slieriffs,slich a man astlieHon;
Gentletnan near him (31r. Lurie) [applause]. That Gentle-
man had with a laudable humanity, looked into, with a view
of alleviating as much as in his power, the situation of the
prisoners placed tinder his charge. And it gave then
(Mr. Whittaker) much pleasure to find, that of those pri
soners.very few were mechanics, as from his own knowledge
of the idle manner-in which many of that class of persons
spent their time lie,bad reason to suppose that the propor
Lion of mechanics in Newgate would have been found
considerably greater than it turned out to he. • Let them
look to the stile of the mechanic front the period of his
being out of his time, and they would find that lie huil no
one -gond example placed before Liiti ; he was proud to
copy not only the art and habits of his trade, but the vices
and follies of the journeymen arount him. He was thus
thrown upon the *world, his friends perhaps_ living at a
distance, without any friend to advise or control him, and
having open before hint every temptation which the
metropolis presents to the thoughtless and the unwary. i
The intention of the proposed institution was to benefit the
preterit'-as well as the future generation of mechanics, by
affording them a rational, as well as a beneficial, means of
spending tie leisure time alkede,l them by the nature of
their professions. The Third Resolution was put and
carried unanimously.
Mr. J. PdARTINEAU, engineer, moved the fourth Resolution,
and onserved that a similar institution had for some time been
established at New York, under the complete management of
the mechanics themselves. There could be, he said, but one
opini‘n of the benefits that world result from the Institution,
not only to the mechanics themselves, hut to society at large ;
for to her mechanics was England middy indebted for her pre-
sent station in Europe. lid was in the habit of employing
many men. and he could say, that to promote the knowledge
of the workmen was promoting the interests of their employers.
He called on all to assist in promoting the happiness of so large
a portion of the metropolis.
The CttAtRMAN hoped the Meeting would dispense with
the formality of the Resolutions that were still to be moved
being eeconded, as there was so much business before- the
Aieetitig.

Mr. Ald. K#v proposed the fifth Iteso!ottani which he
vuof opinion would he materially conducive to the interests
of the proposed Institution. He felt warmly disposed to
aappott the enlightened views of the Worthy and Learned
Individual who had opened the subject. He was himself
connected with the mechanics of the country in the way
of his lousines4, and he felt convinced, from what he had
observed of their general in elligence and capability, that
much might be expected from the facilities of promoting
information, which this Instittrion would afford them. He
could assure them, that as far as his abilities of influence
extended, the Institution might reckon on his contribution,
and co-operation, and also on the support of as the friends

. . ..
heeould influence.
Mr. VA 1.1,1 NCE tilOnght it would be extremely desirable
that the Institution should provide for the improvement of
the working artisans and inerhanics the best praetical
means of information. With this view moved the sixth

Resolution.
Mr. J. JOHNSON, of Vine Street, smith, who read his
address trout a piper which he held in his hand, moved
the 7th Resolution. lie hoped that abundant good would
be done to the morals of the artisans and mechanics gene-

rally from the merits of improvement which the proposed
Institution would afford them. Let us then, said
he, apply ourselves like gardeners in an evening,
to the cultivation of our minds. Though each pos.
teased of but comparatively little education, yet a number
of small tapers produce a very height light.—(Loud cheers.)
One great thing width he thought might be.espected from the
founding of this Institution was, that it would withdraw aril.
sans and mechanics during their leisure hours from the ale-horse
and from violent and noisy amusements.--Once they lost a
relish for things of this kind, they might possibly take a fanty
to spend their evenings at home, where the females would find
them more cheerful amusement.—(Cheers and laughlne.) lie
anticipated much from the spirit and zeal which had eiready
been displayed.--If they went on es they commenced he had
Buie or no doubt that their now latent fires would break out
and shed over their horizon a lustre brighter than that of the
muthern lights, or even equal to the starry heavens.—(Cheers.)
Mr. HooceiN proposed the Eighth Resolution, in an ap-
propriate speech, in the course of which he took occasion
to impress upon the meeting the propriety of becoming, as
early as possible, suthcribers to an institution, which would
not only confer honour and profit upon themselves, but
would also be productive of the greatest benefit to posteri.
ty. 'rite Committee bad already received the Quince of
more than 150 mechanics, and these were not a tithe of the
men who were most anxious to contribute to the advance-
ment of the proposed institution.
The Bth Resolution was put and unanimously agreed to.
Mr. BEVAN. Engineer, rose to propose the9th Resolution. I
At that late hour of the evening, lie felt he shoal I but
consult the convenience of the Meeting, as well as to his
own, by simply reading the Resolution. He was the more
impelled to this course as heperceived that there were
many Gentlemen ready to address them.—The Resolution
was then read sod carried unanimously.
li was next put and carried, that the following Committee
should he appointed, with power id' add to their nowhere.
Dr. Birkbeck, Richard Taylor, Esq., John 51artineas,
Engineer, City Road, J. Raynhem. Engineer, Pentenville,
James Parry. shoemaker, Thomas Hawes, Engineer,
Lambeth, John Johnson Smith, James Nichols, Mr. Nash,
IJ. 519dillan, Robert Motherhead, Thomas Alford, John
Whittaker, painter and glasies, liuodge Street.
These names were all agreed to as the standing
Committee.
A tientleman, who stated himself to be an itinerant
lecturer of practical mechanism for shove 23 years, r se,
and entered at some length into the objects which ought
to call up and awaken the attention of the members of this
infant Society, and said Ire should feel gratified at lecturing
gratis on the opening of toe Institution on any subject
which might be considered valuable.—(Bravo, bravo! and
cheering.
Mr. Robertson and Mr. Hoskins were then requested, by
a Resolution put from the Chair, and carried, to retain
their piesent situations as acting Secretaries to the lead.
lotion. . •
Tbe SiCRIITART then read the following Damn tied
donations;-11. Brougham. Esq. M. P. WI. • Dr. Itirkbeek.
501.; hie. Alderman Rey, ; John C. WI.
En.
M. P. 101.; B. Railer, Esq. 10.; John Valiance, Esq 51. 55.;
Mr. Francis Place, 51 ss. ; Mr. C. Donkin, 5..; Cot,
Torrent, 51. 55.; Mr. Sheriff Laurie. 51. 55.; Mr. W. Cob.
bet,sl. 55.; Mr. 0. Lney,sl. Sa. There were besides various
names, with the sum one guinea added to these names.
Mr. Counter? said,he It id hut one word to intrude on their
attention at so late a period of the night. lie had been cull-
vinced early by the arguments he had heard,that albeit° were
thefriends of tlm mechanics of this country ought to give the
Institution their countenance and support. With this impres-
sion be had given the Chairman his five gnineas.without the
slightest wish to be either a founder or a member thereby.
It was fit that lie and others snould be. subscribers, and
send their money or mite of assistance ; but it was not at all
desirable or proper that they should he members. These
were the groueds of his objection: for if they allowed per-
sons not being mechanics to he Chairmen, and Directors, and
Governers.-too soon they could find to their cost, that these
persons would put the mechanics entirely on one side,
and become th eniseivis their governors and masters.—
This sentiment was mill), in conformity with the
opinion of Mr. Brougham, who recommended similar
caution. He still recullecfed the mra of the founding
of the Literary Fend, by a Dissenting Minister
named D. Williams,whieh wasexpreesly intended and appro.
primed ass fund for decayed authors, or the relatives awls
authors, who had distinguished themselves or their writings
by the inculcation of religious and moral sentiments, and!
• their defence of liberty. Bye and bye the Association
became flourishing and valuable; persons of a different
character from Mr. Williams set shout to get it into their ,
hands, and unfortunately succeeded ; since which net
one shilling. be believed, had been paid into any hands,
but those who wrote only in support of slavery. (Loud
cheering.)
Messrs. Taylor and Martineau were announced as sub
scribers of ten guineas move. Sir. Binley and Mr. Richard
Taylor five guineas.
the thstiks of the meeting was then unanimously voted to
the Chtirman for his able conduct in the Cnair, and the meet-
dispersed.

'WI learn from Clare, that on Wednesday morning, as the
Rev. Sir W. Bead was paying from his own hour to a
Bishop's Court at Killaloe, he was fired at near Itslimn,
and two balls were lodged in his body—one near the left'
shoulder, and the other in the thigh. The balls
have
not
been extracted, and fears are entertsined for the unhappy
gentleman's recovery. There was lately some slissenitoes
between himself and his parishioners about the Tithe Comm-
' mutating Bill. He was o;ferttl 2s. an acre on an nonsense
tract of country, and he wonlil take no less than 3s. Sir
,Williant is the persan netice.l in thalweg Nat trey, as haring
I been so successful is raising his tithes from 2410/. a ye sr to
an amount comparatively enormous. —(llublia Register )
• Yesterday (Friday. 76 inst.) hills of isilictinent weir
found against James Booth, private iu the ;Ph Regintent,
for assaulting Mr. Gilbert, the Nuts-gaoler of Ne•segstes by
stabbing bite wills a bayonet. In our paper of yesterday
we stated that Mr. Gilbert, had been prevailed upon to
relinquish the prosecution : that statement was correct;
hut subsequent- circeinstancelt, which it would* not be
prudent to mention at' .pri.sent, have occurred to render
the prosecution eecesiary,—(Pui(iu Freeman's Journal.)
We are happy to psirceive by the Cork Papers that Mr.
Canalise and his gallant assistants, whose perilous situation,
in their brave and humane end4sitours to rescue three of
\their fellow creatures from death, ass 1111.111i0lit4 in out
last, happily returned to Crookhaveb on Saturday evening,
With the awn. Whoitt.tianger called forth their suble eye,.
• tietutsia(lraligforit s.Chronick Saturday,)
• .
. .
