TAT

,11i1

Malls. • • . use
04.1 a. .:.isAis ...... .. . ... 0
11aterfurd.... • . 4 . . . ..: . ... • %
m: ....... ...44, I. ~..korio • 1
Ambalt • • 4•010416 ......... • • 0 .

—..
r'tVe COW& hilt LEA WOWS" aistbfrge rare
. .
fstressing to our feeitngs,,4".9t. inn sore to be de-
sflnted ty the neslisno..ol !IVO, Alms- , the 11100504N14
Oka of the late dielOalt#rihe &mats of the United
'tinges, In deal**. war edict Great Britairt; :and
stlnaeffair whkit - Wialf; .NbiitAlleiweet v the fideitkra.
fr and the Tennis 41 41111;:ljaited Aster, off'
. ,
liandyigue hook, leads us 'a lArOmilloa they on 64061
:mined upon wan This calamity wet alone want i 4
'to fill the cup of bitterneis,so long stud to perseverinalp
tdmialsteredte the People of England; yet they totteC
admit, that they lave.
~ bfea, in no small do e,
°parties to the conlaninee iif An infatuated porigs.]
which has involved the Empire in such ueparalleltdj,
difficulties!—which has btought her to that point,
when laws, contrary to the spirit of -the Consfitn/t
1 tion, are resorted to, in order to deter the .beret
telore peaceful and industrious English Artisae !roil
1 .
acts of oped Rebellion—whets whole Counties are 'l
covered with starving and turbulent Manufactn,
ren—when Coetmittees of Assassination are stated,
!on Parliamentary authority, to exist—when the.,
i Liberty of the Subject la.irielated with impunity '
li —when men, not liable to naval conscription,
are impressed and flogged, and the oppressors 1
suffered to retain their pubic station, unpunished
and protected—when the Freedom of the Press.
I is hourly. We:eked—when Ex Officio Mformatiotu 1
supersede the high and wholesome functidas of
the Grand Jury, when a man is cited to appear
before his proseCutor—in the house of the pro.
recutor—there, in his private Inquisitorial apart*
went, to show cause before and to the prosecutor,
11 w4.-5...-Ceiminal . Information should not be filed 1
aenst Lot, the intended victim, jitt: igegally sum-
' mooed I when a man is tentenced 631 two years' im-
prisonment, 1., . .:1
in a felon's gaol, mil.° pey, one thou-
sand pounds to the King, for repfohating the praetici
of fiogging gugliblimen, particularly, in the piesenee.
of foreign mercenaries—whet) a man'HcOnsigned Jet
eighteen months to a prison, remote from his friends
'and connections, for having told the sad story of Lis
country's w rongte—when the Empire is evetburdest-
ed with debt, and covered with tax-gatherers—when
tpaper has taken the place of gold—when' Bank.
Notes are Made a legal tender, and bankruptcy and
ruin appear alutost iuevitable.—Tbat the people of
England have been parties to the wicketkand ever-to.
be reprobated policy, which has. reciased these
'countries to this state of misery,
.cannot be de-
stied-for never was there a Minister more ge-
nerally supported by the Englith people than Prixf
never was there a Minister, who more firmly bottoote
'ed his power on the prejudices of the English -pop.
pie than PEROEVAL4 For their calamities and denu-
dation, then, they have only to blame themselves.
.Wad they, with the spirit of freemen, and as their
ancestors were ammatomed to d•—had they raised ,
their voice to the Throne.--It would have bean beard
—it would have been attended to, maths Intoleranto
and the 4capablee would have been lees since swept
from the
,Councils of the %Nation ;, bitt their Pre.ii-
dices were too strong, and, 'itrAteir anxiety to ho:d
Irishmen in slavery, they have nearly destroyed
themselves. A commercial love of war was, no
doubt, &strong, but an antipathy to Irish freedom
was, we believe, a much stronger support of the
PITT and Psacura 1.. Administrations, &ad both
combined have led the Empire from on& misfor-
tune to another—till at last, to round the climax
of calamity; WE .FIND OURSELVES INVOLVED IN VAR
VIVI! ova PRIENDS AND ERLSOREE OIo,AJIERICA!
But shall we really have to wade through a war of
blood and 'ruin with, the American States? We
know there are those who even yet hope for Adjus-
tment—who even still rely on the revocation if t
Orders in Council, as an acceptable offeriniao, .
Constituted Authorities of the' United Stater; bet,
e ids the evidence before us, we can *entertain no,
such hope—we tan have no such reliance. Thedeter-
Mination of America • for -war, appears fixed and
' unalterable; uer can, we fear, the revocation, or
rathei suspension. of the "Orders in Council, now
turn her from her purpose; she will most likely re-
eeive the suspension as an insult,
offering.
--.m...-- .
The Ministerial Papers are silent en the new am-,
rangementi, which, according to rumour, ire forflin,
with to take place--apd which, in themselves, chew'
n: the distracted state of the llourehold Administra-
tion at this time., .Our Readers have seen that by the
' influence of one side of the Cabinet, the Orange-assn
in Ireland have been set on to raise the old cry against
the Roman Catholics; and those Orange-men, with
Master GIFfORD at their, ad, have expressed to the
illustrious Prince the peke if CUMBERLAND,' the gee.'
i titmle whichthey owutta, Ms Royal Highness for hiss
past, and the hopes *respect from his (*curs egigill
tions, f;" save them from the danger of incerperist4
the Roman Catholics in the guild, and ceramist.=
'ttheek the blessings of the nelthh Constitullepe•-
Whilathie is trausaeting °mane part, the other part
of the Cabieet it negotiating with Kr. Cagitiao taro
his retain to °Eke, that a hope may thereby be &Yee
to the Catholics of attention to their claims I After
!'ell that has happened", comielitt fie either a stritig
_ •
settee

_
i PAY AT ANY. 44911,06111/
litchis rinlvdt 7 dig. . .
Exclertpier *lll-.44 II 4 dot
Ditto sirt. ° $ pat
Omniuti 211
11.:ougoh for Acct..*
Lottery 'ficlAtts'

~T~~TI~~I ~N•
~S. y~Y~ ... _

nivit 281 1 12.

reached town othis morning,l
varsaw to the 30th ult• and
the 'l9th instant They
had taken Place, between
is, and that the latter were still
embargo had been laid oa all
said to be for the purpose of
, °umber of ship, to form into•
mention is made to ulna further
converted.—The following are

:tracts :
GoTTENISURGIT. Jeer
tbargo was laid on all vessels here,'
tme purpose have been vent 'to
:his kingdom ; it Is conjectured
immediate want of a number
the embargo will be removed
been selected as will answer the,:
accounts received from Russia
continues retrosting, and that
ly the special advice of a great
try, who, 'it is impeded, will
:ive part against the common
has yet taken plear
packet having sprung her main-
tied isermission to teats up A*

BERLIN. NO 7:
Major General Knustawm left
inuceed by Konizbberg, to the head.
"reach army.--(Correspondent,

1
WARSAW, Jevia-90.
retreating ; we every day ex.
Maine, unless they cootitine to
and Combined Army passed the
,rodeo. The Austrian troops,
Inder the command of Prince

adviweing by &musk, Luhlia,
Brzeis, upon the Bug. (San*

:ER YlO5l COPVIIIAGt)i, JULY 5.
Jones at the last sale at Fredericks-
to 3000 crowns for two coach.
now pleaty of rain, but the Geld is'
us doubt whether it is sumenor.-.-

FRANKFORT. JULY 2.
arrived here yesterday from Sax-
out to return to Switzerlander

1/RFSDEN. Mar 6.
trrrus, by the Grace of Goo, King
of WAasAw, &c.—Considering
state of things, which foretel great
cation, demand the development of
wise and extensive, without mus-
h' any part of the Administra.
requisite to form at Warsaw a cen.
lotbed with powers which such melt-
ing our absence, and as we have
tdence ip the fidelity and wisdom of
our Connell of Ministers, as well
us, and the good of the country,
decree—

Jneil of Ministers in urgent eases whirl' cir-
prodnce,and under that respoteibilit. with which
`)ers serve us: will completely have the powers
Constitution. 'file Connell of Ministers will
place till our pleasure io known. It canons'
authorities from their functioss. It can neither
the Ministers. It shall not mike any site
Aration of justice.
Council of Ministers will decide by a nukjority
the event of their heing equal, the rgeti-1
deciding vote.--A register .ot its delibera-
tive register shall be regularly sent to out Se- ,
bo will present it to es.—The resolutions of
Moisten shall have their full and cadre execs.
• may not have been reported to us.—Our',
is charged with the everts** of the pro.;
, Asti be inserted la the Bulletin of Laws.
'Signed) FRED. AUGUSTUS.
ass O.)
W ARSA W. Jest 9ft
of to-day contains. an Address from'
is Majesty the King of SAXOIrlf,.
,AW, inviting him to ratify the Ream!
• the re-establishment of the Kin-
Nad of its accession to the. Confede-
Ithine.—(Same Paper.)
Elizabeth packet, with Mails and Dis.
Lisbon, arrived at Falmouth on Satur-
Papers, which are to the t bth, reached
It. They state, that Al azulD7 r in.
ify Valladolid, but that the armed
army was within two leagues of that
`WLAND nut. had advaiid:dat:rinst
Ittourr, but the latter had ret , and
'reached Llertaa nd the 7th, without ever
of their infantry, and only auto their',
They repo rt that JOSEPH BOIONPARTF,
collected, with greOt diiKcisity• 32100°
• abandoned .Madrid to. 4aialLasasoxit.—
extracts will be food isop pimodiag qty

-.- ..

.

._•{,.,..•Ya,

. .
itp-bli- dtttadon to Strtrefillititttltiaiy*fidftett -77,-- -
-.. . .
sit .cheek by joie together; .foefifie, rivalry is eztin. , • .4-eilefi- •
unasked by the confeetioqinf... Wort/. Lord Cats. at_ _
_. . IMMO:MoiI= lifter?:
icxer.aes may
lass
faitentritslaib- innailliad fiats which was wows 4111wrisetso• TO Foldlifedi"gliS Ifidst
I d Pretended prophetess.. who aftisted to liadeaf. a
• Mr. Cmartsre bes declared to he'propef (wider-, t dumb, was charged by mhs Siitestels,r felitiftvik- is •
Buteven Able compromise seit.prestate will stet be i Baker-street, with steerat 44'0 Off riSito of the
...sufficient to pave tbeWay Air. Mr, Castrittifiiiaarit „valve of 3L sad Sli her property. Tilt Prisedrho.
..ir oluiloomeek wise :franca herself by presenflog* UOirg -1, hkb oil ,
'to office. What it theparty "' ---' i her to be deaf 'and dinsb_, and that lbw iteataille well'
to his introdaction2-They moat bwrethelf
sions, that if he . i'lPPreken' i versed iii prognostics. Theprophotatetwee in armee
gains the aseeedanir they must 1 queries admitted 21
displayed h skill i'' .1
esusawe► s to Ai itati
' make way for his sysPein, and for his friends.' To 1 divination. It was afterwards diecovered that the
day or to-morrew, will . ebew its whickdaviriY'shell I two rings had. been stolaa frees. a map, 'whch Use
`'off
the wtitemust be mound bitifetotha;eloaa t Proseoatria had pallid from list UP, "6" 04° •
..the Session... .. • . ..• : , interview. In two or. three days Met the robbery
• ••. was eeensitted, Wes- Silveetee melt. the Prisoner is -
! Yesterday, at half-part two o'clock, the #atSte •the street and cliallangid bet, wheal strange to tells
RTGaNT held a Privy Council at Carlton Ilonse,l.ske had recotered both her speeckewklleeriogy and
1 which *as attended by most of the eabinet Ministers. ;denied the robbery. She ryas tinware identiieti dam..
L Ala -account. of. tbe bettte;whick had taken place •by the" Prosecutrix and her servant, end site wes
between the iielridera and the American Squadron, I known to hate been an old ractitioner in ts* way. ,
. off Sandy Hook, created so strong a sensation In the ' The Prisoner wes folly coma i leo trill. •
city yesterday, that• those interested lit the American] QUIIiEN.INVAB.B..
..._ _
trade deppted Mr. Samson to wait upon the Sects. 1 ' Yesterday, two paw ahrobers is Err neignbane.
' TART of &rare, in order to learn the opinion which hood of Stratton lamina, and oaf le Turk-street,
the official tedviMrs of the Crown might entertain upon ! appeared to answer to cempleille preferteil against
i It. Thtit;eistlemin was, we. understand, informed, tthem by a veastel shoemaker in..-Totiviii-steeet, for
thet though an action, as deseribed,.hed taken plus i hating take in pledge, contrary to the statate, a ,
yet the SEC
of STATE...IIILT of opinion, that the t quantity of shoes from a boy appiteendi under the .
attickinade apon-the &laden; had neither restated !age of It rein. Its ppeared by the toilet:my of
from any new orders of the American.Gotternment, 1 the Proles/dor, that a largo quautity of dials had
nor was !tux proof that war had.beeis decided op. • He i been stolen from his shop
.by this tamed, de2retta.
was iithVenf Opinion; that the American frigates had.'l tor, who bad lived with hue .es inreiraed.boy, and _
acted in conformity to a previous order :ups . Ge- i that theYliad been pledged- at the letWobrakers iii. •
mereenent of the United States, not to perinit vessels a ready. •Itak4l. ht
,efttiseiliestets. of *hick 144 were •
wee belonging to foreign Pelee it, cruizreithiie each fintidintho mit!sitiad pecillit 4#410, 640,
the waters ; end, on the whirled Government ete 1 Peri" '
teched no great or decisive importance.to the-affair. • -......----... . ___. _
- The Itiaiircileits inifilintralS.friii are, icTp ' •. • /141" AIL 10/17114afaill*".?A:.4 ...-.*
said as much as possible to•asold giviag offence to . • -r-olio•-• • ..:.' • I'' ~ ,i.
the Republic of *Metric; ;.arid Rirthee, thafthe gal. „ , - : Otatoloratitl.- 'is ::;...r , ~.
,e - 4
lant Admiral 14.. i signified his d'itermioatioia to_ excl.. ____'''.*4l7s. kbP! *aloti!cfl4ol:2 .00alrellfl,
dig thei attoott ferbearince that mak.. be crieslitent. I heads,,
rit anual.....cuuai fury. the . kers! -. . to (gem
with the independence of his .flag cad honour of Arrived die glue; of-ielid;roit-doint tloro.rivrto,
hireOlitilty.: ,-.- .:. ". .. .'.' .. .• and the Indefatigably, qoat thalillook, . •
The-Bulletins of the French, as we have already .. rivitecLear4__The wind boa seAdwo, 'lttjneltriike lark -
seen, taring down:l4 .militartoperations only to the wen!,.apd tlie Wbele of the ostitstillhnond ars side? we*:
.4th. There are accounts trending% of the Bth. • The hake &key of his Molesti's step 1140 sad Cowie* Of.4th.
Frenchlad-etnplOyed the 4th 'and '6th In collecting. Etitia• ..
and :refreshing their' troops,'.which AO tletto Mitch fa.: - • dada the DAN* for ar Pholll/IP.- • .
dried by the pievious movements. ilu` the-eth, MO. • ' PORTBOIOOIII,, lois' V. • . .
Arrived itfi Illirjesty's ship Newest fr. a mite, asd it pat,
RAT, *Vase divisitin, printilially.rivalir, 'forms the nailer q useatiasioweaseineste a hurls/i wawa a beinewant
advane:ea gfttrd, „ was to he at ',Vidal,- beyond Svent• bowaltagfeensiao der.
Sian; en.ttie'.ditent road frisat Wiles to the Dwina. . .• • .-, FAL win& done 48,;, .• ',k, ;*
.B*GILaTION, 21...1.10.31t. DOCTORdW, and, in shorty. Arrived the Priests Elisabeth paCk4t. witWfiltadlftwai Ltsk.
all the :Hessian. tetepthad safely reached the. Dirk*, ben, to 11 days; sad the Iliad cutter', then • outs.
and there theyfieant to make (1440, argil wakfor PIXMOUTO. Jew's 11. •
the French. They have a strong eatephetsfeen Iris., Arrived the beg Jolla, -CoptA Chweia• *War Itedritw's e anik
lay and Drourt," each flank of which Is•difended by 114, Prowerity, Watson, clod Asillefia 'desk !sea *At nis.'
a lake. ' Dwinahurgh is also
,fortified. It was ex- Wsiluttftrddrittrood-reist the• ro;tiwee mate, hoolog
oa sestii
petted at Dwinaburgh, that a battle 'w be %nett coon, or swim for ponoilooth. she took rot or tea Nog •
•
On the Bth ; but a person had reached Riga on tit,
.of moil water heroonvor, mimosa th,35 the mama ,"7.
morning of Bth, from that place, with the letelS. rtiovhk trawl prhogots fir Lei*, . ",
gence that a very heavy cannonade had been beset Woo tip horkoor, is trot, the Dryad mote.
there on the 7th. The result was not known. irsamerra, Jolly 27,
The-Rorer, Captain FiztrAt, attired at Poets. Arrived the mooing from the Downs,. Mo. Astmdiai 31*
mouth, on Saturday, with dispatches from Sir Hosts Awe gem-brigs. and sailed *pin fer Wierrillsond g aal-shif,.
Poeita,ml„bringiqg advloer of farther operations nth Portia sloop of war, from a crone.
the North Coast of giiiiii. The Rover left Sir Hoag GRATIISEND, icia ti, •
Arrived- the following pa Indianian 1. EMpe„/Sesnoidooli.
on Sunday, off Castro, a port to the westward of ' 1?r.7..r.
•
' Bilboa, which the squadron under his c'omman'd had Clewai Hewett'. '
taken, with one hundred and fifty prisoners. The
Marie* battalion were fortifying it. On - the .11th
instant, the squadroe made two attempts to force an
estrance into Bilboa, bet the vigorous fire kept up
at Porto Gallette obliged them to retreat. The first
attack was made by the Magnificent, Medusa, Ro-
per, and Lyra; the next by the .guroeillante, Ra-
iler, and Lyra. .0n the 17th, a landing was made
at Guetaria, a small peninsula, with a strong fort
on a hill, connected' with the Continent by a low
neck of land ; and several pieces of _artillery were
conveyed to an opposite height to reduce the place,
ivbee the enemy's forces suddenly appeared in such
numbers, that our marines and aeaesen were undo,
the necessity of re-embarking, leaving behind five or
six-pi erne of artillery, and a Lieutenant of the Pa.
aerate, four Midshipmen, end betWeeo 30 and 40
men, were made prisoners. Sir 00111 had sent the
Constant gon-brig with a flag of trade to St. Sell*,
tian, to effect their exchange for ,the prisoners takei
at astro. The Venerable, Iris, Sarveillante add
Medusd, were left off Castro by the*Rorer; the rest
,of the squadron were en the meat to. the westward. 1
The Diadem, after ' landing teb Marine battalion,
went to Coruntla. Jr:
, .
TIPPER A ile CAIIIIO LI C M EETING.-0 it *Thursday,
pursuant to adjournment from the hat Assizes, a nu-1
introits-and iespectible meeting of the Catholicti of '
the Count of_tipPerary was held. at the Assembly 1
Aomis, Clonmel, Joan Lacoa, of Cranagh, Esq.
fp the Chair. The Meeting unanimously resolved WI
petition Parliament early to the uezt Session, and
atitoptecl that proposed by the Catholic Board: Among
the other Restitutions, was one approving of the
senatorial conduct . of their Representatives in Par-
..pam
out, the Hon. Mox.race ft MAr ex* end the 'Hon.
F. A. Perrvie. When this Restitution was proposed,
CounsellorScom.r rose' and addressed. the Meeting
at greet length, and with his accustomed energy. Ile
`took a review orthe, progress of the .Catholic Cause
—shewed that the required securities were unneces-
-sary and impracticable,--and concluded by pro-
deducing I warm panegyric on the gepresentatlVes of
the Cdauty in
.Parliamettt. i ... . •
At the .fatii *Meeting of he -deviation of the
Roysit,tinroughs, held hi • Palintlarghl the Loan
Paovolt o(Glasgow - after an introductory weeds
on the subieot.of the' Rest India monopoly, . meal
Resoltitious to. the fellowlig effect, witch ware tana.
almoosly agreed tea..._ - .
'Mot the Cosveatioo dobeisliat Andy Alonial Committee, as
early as porsibie In the deetlioniee of Parliament, to preollllil i
and *amnia Pottstown) hes Morffl_of Perbasient, Prallialki
that the eseletivs grant to thr Sint UMW Caeripaey ~,ay not be
'eontioatd lothe new the paw. am expires. . '
That the/We dial not, es heretofore, he enoinod to the port
.4 1 ediloor laid open to the dlcerent ports is the kingdom.. .
' Tit sindl he a free Trtufo to India, and,all the oatiotrips„
sag:
Nor • of doe capeof good Hope. and
to 1.6tt.„....
That . edit PetMoM be feat to an die era _wow*.
is ; SOO a tecovatimidatitto that They Isleraut Pe-
Otos roOkiddody ha Oda !!•Paftlet wiblvet, and niaamt4keir
Stretinassevert give It:a -iiillialusasee not !apron. ,
..MUM& )440011 04•. el Ceekbridga of Segeeileg .
iiedaes it Newaolakett hi trim tot illikeadfair,*o-
#04,:*61A., .- . .. -.. ~- . . .....: 1 . .• i
,
•.. 4. i .:
' .16 . •

I.

::icy t.
;?~~.s~,
~..

~~~:


~:

•

c~

r,vl

----

r
1,

A _ . •
• •
Sir THOMASI GIitAKAIR arrived in town yesterday.
Several other Military -Officers carne home with bin*
in the Dotterell. • • ".
The Chesterfield peeket, which strived lest watts,
Falmouth, from the West Indies, brought aver thrill
hundred thousand dollars.
At the York Assizes, en Wednesday, duly,
came on the trial of James Oletroyel, charged wit
capital felonylin assembling with divers ether persons
on the night of the Ilth of April, and attaching the
Milt of Mr. Cartwright, ..f Rasvfolds. The prose.
cation was founded on live 9th. of Gee. 111.-...lifr.
Cartwright stated the efts& was made atheist titenti
[ minutes after twelve o'clock, on the night of the
11th of April, by a. considerable number of persons,
who almost instantaronsly broke iss all the windows
on the side which was attacked, the lower windows
by hammers,, mauls, and hatchets, and the upper by ,
discharges of balls and slugs. During the firing,
which continued for about -twenty mieetes, there
were constant cries of bang up—darns you are you
in—in 'with you—kill then-every arm.--The charge
I was, repelled lip a constant fire from the inside, aril
the rioters at length retired, leaving 'two wounded
men behind them, who afterwards
,dted. He had no
reason fe believe the Prbroner, who 'was is person ,of
! good- cliarscter, was, there,-36. Cartledge, when,
lin the bar of the Bleekßall, at Marbeld, eieriveurd a
per:wen-Ira another toopiliy, la a teed' toque of voice,
i -4, I was at RawfOldsion klaepight Of the attack—l was-
enpged there-1
.was close by the two;; men, that
fell."—The same voice afterWar4i Said; he.neiei wail
in any association but: one, and Mitt was Ned or Ge. .
oeral Liaddis ; that he had-beesinso his service thseik
years, had been faithfatohim, and wouictelerr.
main so. OA entering the room they foiiud eight et •
1 ten persons, and the Prisoner was net , point al by
Win. Clarkson as the 'person who had osel theso
respresstons ; but on being taking ietoanother roern,_
the Prisoner denied having used them. Iva- PrtK'
1
softer was in liquor, but net disink.—Mr. Asbwath
gave nearly the sane account atildr. Cartlecige,_ with
this achStloss, that when the Prisoner ttioti lia Idiot
he recognized his voice to-be the' saline that had, need
the expressions ' in, ,ceiktiott:9744r, :Claciasio and-
Joseph Senior, who were pieseatite 'the toilio;
proved that the Prisonerinackluse ie. the oitpfreaol4., ,
On the part of the Prisakeri;.ll4ft- hile loh-.Seragl.
surgeon, et Dewsbertv lei*, kb *at Sutact 'to ate
-tacks of fever, and wait ha %debilitated-state-4AM
period of the 11th of April.; Its raw-kke sosislin .
morning of the 12th,iasl.ftnai hhiar *mice shot 4
,bate he 1kt44.4*--Pfunt re5t..111417; Wa_rd,
whhe Mee heNftw tat prisaibilittrbedi
Os. the 'night of the .1 1 th• eklegrli,.• 41 elOvew teeticb,
Jana between Out sold (Wet
O PRO* *:1,61,.
'tapoke to hip sod a" hiss biamiaolol.-ble
'.l rose at six l.fihi' ;11StL41141 . .
.141ty19 :wiik ' '46.4ig,.. •' • :'. iitiiit44 11) 'k, -.l' ..
tlattla.mr. *:k .' I .-1.-... '• ' 4,ii„,,Aih. .', .- . f
____` ."' • '--- . 4818 *
anti liii. paw. '' • .. -3,1 , tr., I.zslig •-, ii -
4'• • • • . . 5...:i laii. ,41
. :.,. .

.R

f:

- • : **al
NAM
. • .
***** **..* is 44. litort
t. ..............
...... 4!: .
"' ........
1
w trocKs TUIS
PLICk.
so cot. ca•• 59i
c,,A. situ.
r," ids 7311'
4 fir jot. SoffY tld
legio.l3 1-16
-",..••°'.'"ln
F
• • ST fry
_a
TUESDAY, Jr
Anholt Mail real
ititk accounts from Wet
fora Gottenburgh to
sate, that no battle h
toFrenc
h and Russians,
full retreat. A n emb
to ports
in Sweden, sal
alerting a sufficient nun
traosiwrts; but no menti
gie they are to be cons
the most imp census extrr
lesteros
' an embargo
aid orders for the same 1
ter
o port throughout thi
riit Government are in i
transportb, and hat
a.
10011 as such hate bee,
ruse er)
v • recent ac
that the army cot
this plan is followed by
personage in this countr
to scot' take all activ
rcrt,ly, I'o !untie has
The Lord Nelson pas
east, has been granted
Oott.nhurgb to refit.
pt' the 4th inst. Ma
this place to proceed 1
le.arten of the Fret
Jag it'.)
The Russians are re
pet a battle neer WI
retreat. The Polish al
fiitmen, near Grorit
5,000 strong, ande
SCIMAREERSERG, is a
Sella, towards Drat
Paper.)
U?IUCT or A LETTER
The price of horses
bur; was from 1900 to
horses. We base not
0 severe is to make n
(Same Paper.)
Count GOTTOUP ar
(MT; to-day he set o
(Same Aver.)
ritEDTRic AUGUST
eI'IAXOVY, Duke o
that in the present ate
destinies to the natio
evisurcs the most w
Tag the least delay ii
tion ; we find it requ
tre. Authority, cloth
torts dernana during
the greatest confiden
the Members of ou
It of their zeal for u
we have a nrl*do deer
"T. I.—The Count;
'yammer( may produce
tail of it' Members oet
lohold front the Conti
%ppm to vacant place.
P:l4 the public authoril
"P.M Pm chow. the
tol inife mhinisiratk
Apt. 'nie council
"` "RT.,: and. in the
dro:• have the deei
"1144 he kept i ihlt
rrlzr) of tates who
ttle Coolari: of Iliaistel
ties,
ehhoogh they ma
(nosed of Misigers is
sent Decree, a hich sha
(Sigs
(Correspondext, Jrl
The Gazette of
the States to his
Duke of IV ansAv
lotions directing
dem of Poland, 3
ration of the Rhin
The Priaceu
tatthes front Lisb
day last. The Pe
town last night.
tended to fortify
bard of our an
City. Sir Rows
Sourr and Daou
our troops treacle
Setting a sight of
tatalr)•• They
lifter having Con
rq. ; t tt had aband
oottae Carnets awl"

sense of duty to the Otis, At very wealtst •
of personal consistency* Ott*
REAM aid Xt. C4NR1.640
Cabinet. . The 4015 lei* 1440* "Oe
incaPackY*o6 tid**Priligettile*— 010'
by yielding bis * •
uPool,hblt° igAtlitalletg
Oftod 421. it kiji, hillf:,4fitr
;lot in-founitti

'
1
; •
r;•
ft.
r
