11 SIALTICSMAN:

''' 1' .'4o4lollllllNa'AVirigi.,./arGliP '''' '
voorro .t.., to. too ..1 . -.:* , . • ' .
1 tfe • 1,4 i 41 iv...,, ig. , if. dffigrif.p.- . it's.' . .• I . •
Prlnsoll4lVlDlParlilnl/2410eillif*
...44) ... 4,4k#,‘ A 100 A .
,il4‘ „i . :,, , i
Salt 4 1000 seek h.p.imeasliNalloilb;eveka A
... ...tbilie get.oksollfiell assaimiesalliosplab.
Ilk. boAllitorio .♦ r. -.1 . ♦, , sit ..a.• 1
Ile. Villiegeeiteboloot by sila:Nimokyyteee • ,t . • 11
16•411111ilooeoboy.by helper ~ .• i. • S
Lora 'o boy br,Softetty,
11. 1 sot r.. Mob's by 11,0? iiipliestiard lefties
Ivy IPAIre c hil , •
Seven Omit for 9-yr oltik-ediNi Sok Ile Set. 41b.
, 0,
Lod Dedhipedle*loTll/1 1641/P ll'
- .1
Lord Ruse's boy colt Leper -
Mr. TboodtillVertmerretrit by mid 1.. s
tura ea 1 •isiltemp. Ito 1 opt Upill.
.110,140,empossiarif 2)lp Neil, for 9-yr olds sod Ilpwateo.
A. F.
Mr. •sN maker, 4-yry ski, 7.t. 111 b. 1
Sir 14 tit , 4-yrs old, 7.. lON.
Oggrin
--
Lord D 'o W biker. 6 yr. old. 94. 4111-. I
Getters! Groorbones Toe Flyer. 4-tr. old, list. eb. 4
lir. Wollostoo's Fogitive. need, 9.t. lib. - 5
4N 1 atiot'llerryortker. 3to 1 apt Whigker. Ito 1 Apt rite
/Flyer. Stu 1 apt Fogi4ire.

MUNI GARTH?'

NAVAL AKD MILITARY BIBLE SOCIETY.

Yesterday the Anniversary of this Instifetion was
held is the King's Concert Roost, Heysetirketb The
room was filled at an early hour. by...erect/we 4/4
this first teifiettebility. At twelve tfih Char was
taken by his Royal Ilighnese the Duke of York,
accompanied by the Archbishops of Canterbury end
York, the Bishops of London and Gloucester, the
Kari of Harronby, Lord Gambier, Sir James San.
mares, William Wilberforce. B. Shaw, • Ch. Grant,
&qrs. the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rev. Messrs.
Owen, Woods, Henderson, Cussinghans, &c. The
Report was read, and gave a satisfactory account of
the funds of the Society. Several contributions had
been remitted to it by the Army in resew ; 42%1.
from the Glasgow Auxiliary Society. of which the
Duke of Kent and the Duchess of Gloucester bad
sondescended to become patrons; 2301. from the
Edinburgh Bible Society, one day's pay 40 the Ist
Battalion of the (lola I Scots Regiment, &t. Upwards
of 11,500 copies of the Scriptures had been dissemi-
nated during the last year. The Report concluded by
stating, that their Royal Ilighnesses the Dukes of Kent
and Gloat:ester had become patrons, and that the
Bishops of Salisbury, Winchester, Norwich, and
Rochester, had accepted the office of Vice.Pre.
sidents. On the motion of the Archbishop of
Csnterbory, seconded by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, the Report was ordered to be printed.
Several impressive speeches were delivered by the
Archbishop of York, the Bishops of Londe's and
Gloucester, Mr. Wilberforce, Lord lisrrowby, and
ethers. In all of them the Duke of York was warmly
commended for the attention he had shown to the
best interests of the army, and the admirable regula-
tions be had introduced, bat particularly for his seal
to diffuse religion among the soldiers, by encouraging
the circulation of the Scriptures among them, by a
proper sad judicious selection of accredited Chaplains,
end by the institution he bed established at Chelsea
for the education of soldiers' childreniti moral and re.
ligioes principles. The good effects resulting into
this had been already seen, and fully entitled his
Royal Highness to the high character of being the
soldier's friend and father. Several high Naval cha-
racters gave also a satisfactory account of the good
done by the Scriptures in the navy, and expressed
their hopes that the Society would persevere in its

_
my. pawpaw of steering • wrong Cowrie!
A110w... now to revisit year Lordship's attest
tion to an instructive fact, with which we cannot bet
be sensibly struck, in tskini a retrospective view of
the suit which, for wore. than seven Centuries, has
been prosecuted by the PEOPhE versus POWER,
and which suit is nut yet decided,

In this tedious eoitesi for. fully recovering Itself
lost rights and liberties, violated as I have said by a
scoundrel Norman and his troop of lawyers, the Pen.
pie, until the present age, until the very days of per.
eons now Wog, neves loved advocates to conduct
their contest Oila prAciple.. Which:kg*** that the•
public cause was properly understood'
Consult what documents, we, will, whether the Bill
of Rights, the Petition id Bight, Magna charts, or
ant er that:soeltitode produced in the struggle with
Charles 1i- or others, either prior to Maps Charts,
or sebseqeent to the Revolution, we shall invariably
hod that the demand was not for that which includes oil
of liberty, a complete restoration of the.Constitetion ;
but merely for a cessation of some glaring and of-
fensive abase or abases; for redress of some particu-
lar grievance or grievances ; a remedg against 'Me
brutal wrong or wrongs; or
,a removal of some spa
cific oppression or oppressions; all of them mere il-
lustrations of the existence of the true evil of the
State; merely diagnostics of that evils but not the
evil itutit—THE ABSENCE OF SELF-GO V ERN-
ENT-
Bet the present generation, iastrocted by their
flaWerinpi u well as by the newel growth of km,.
ledge, seeing deeper, and having ascertained the radi-
cal cause.of all abuses, all grievances, all wrongs, all
oppressions, and of course preferring to sick on their
own extended rather than on their imesters' con-
tracted knowledge, therefore demand aradiped Re-
form of tbat radical rail, THE All41.;$0. OF
SELP,GOVERN ENT, or, in equivaiitett,protds,
NuN4EPRESENTA.PON.
Nor will flimsy, sophistry, nor spoor* wit mil-
' either -- intheir

benevolent labours.
Thanks were unanimously voted to his Royal
Highness foe condescending to preside that day ; and
in acknowledging the attention of the Society, he
begged leave to assure them, that white no man coeld
feel more grateful than he did for the very lettering
manner in which his (deads had spoken of him, he
should consider it the strongest proof of their eget.
tion to him their giving a liberal sepport to the So.
ciety, and enabling it thus by their donations to be
more and mere useful.
At three the Meeting broke up, and a considerable
amount was, received at ate door.

An Or.o MAN'S ADoICII TO A YOUNG MAXIMS
Of PAIALIAIIINT.—Enter the house of • Commons
as tho.temple of liberty : do not dishonor, that tom-
pie; preserve year freedom as the pledge Of ye*.
integgity. Read, enquire, hear, debate, aed thee
detelotiee. U• cot without enquiry approve of, nor-
o ithout goat, cease oppoie, the memo res of the Court.
The tree patriot will lend his assistance to tumble the,
Kiwg to adinieleter justice, to protect the subject,
and to putandiie the nation. Avoid bitter speeches;
yes mmet,nostorevile, bet to ream. The best mem
may en, tiod. therefore be not ashamed to be coos'
singed youriegf, nor to be ready to reproach •therei,
Remember, that your electors did not send you to
Perlialment, to make your own fortune, but to sake
care of their,. Stand aloof from party rage, as yes
week, from a pestilence; there cannot be a greet"!
mischief befel a country than a dreadful spirit of.
vision, *bids rends it into tfflitilistinct people, sad
makes them greater enemies ift each other than if
they were WO adverse natiolut:. It sinks virtee, le.
'treys common' sense, and-notingukhes thillretlllif
good nabs* -compassion; end humanity." 1100.411/
vilialistri_lltipliAi -of pities* allure you friW tbdr
tbstil"Terrtitre not Chosen by '”or commit te'ilin
afterleiiiiltilroppritt therefore wove:l**,4er
0104tHet1 I`Nisteniber that 'nits' vote sacisrliif the
Ralii*Of . 'REitletilbev too thelertificatioW
*mu
I;:sbi theiiiittigiteMpt tb aped liiONtaloieVy
- theiutietreltVisW'

_ Air
applied for deception, .-._ Jr stay! them inv . Cofrott
or mislead the common sense of mankind. A word
here, to those well-meaning bet eehsppy sceptics,
who are only sceptics because too idle to read and
ton indoleek itelkink, who say, 6 We confess, Vie
hare uothiwg to oppose to the demonstrations of ;0014
on which universal freedowi and anneal election are
shown to stand ; but yet we prophecy that the fall
enjoyment of those rights would produce a wild in-
vasion of all ppoperty, confining*, anarchy, blood-
shed, and, firytily, a military deapwtism!
44
*LI!! MI t we n. t wreilro whew thestc,hildren of indn.
fence 8,4,44' : ,et the, mete 4eie and in the gavot
bread', Rano, their 'both end ignorance, cliiiiik
the *ift of prophecy, . and *v/3011ov; Which, belt%
contrary to naturesconotcpsefopen? These fetsple-
is
minded persons, et once. Iticel, au erstitiens, 044
dogmatical, ariyActiyo ri imliecility in themselves
that is truly pitiable. t,ik it tbry (earl •
They iti4,oest majority, of the community, alcnolt
11111 the pisory Aided their...bfriladright, by being au
eluded from the CINA.I/01 btosefit of freedom ; in moo
eeoittenee ot:.lbet etly4siitih;;eliregielTiOPPlessioo.4
setsmeation tas mete& notheroolles . tyeeseitwUrtreeteal j
etiorintaftelpeWipt en esnoneeipiell
'ktiefos, reiiiiii*lechice forthili*E,
• aft A , ...„ , ~.:,;‘, :• ,
—bt • Oatipnatcom-
ntie4l/6= 1°,1" 41%
his W. 'in
,Mlr- 'Me 00(111,kt-to other pithhe
doirMilitni bOtiiii cella common .4,1141 by
hie rii111101,.:10bnOr, "My, oink. eiembell! Of the
stikertt ehloillevivilb thiewasslitaewisi eeersioroweebiliti
ti %iambi, %gat to ataiw Teithe'etitaitindi corn-
-111104111010 eMteedeeno ..,oho, Ito tv)h ..!-1,... , . . 7 •
I.l,74rateNtilli! IV°, il'6 :lir I""ight
t 6 411- . 1110104ils. 11 . 4 law Aeso a. °s-
tereos! toe by .ed .reassike.j'estiorio .10511, broeveientn:
.18161,414:2=thaftri:st 1.0116 x of
Wetiihr,ldattia! • °Wenr is the
thtiee'ef GOD 4 .-1 •:," ' '• : ':a s•• •• • • : • :

..,,..i.
_ _____ .. Limp HOLLAND. 1 If sts, intik 1111411110 tee* OM iltiviy at Usti *Thil II"
I pet elation, that' irlibt lo 'eh might eedht feta
~ , .
ffleoeifit MGM? Holt. is ittsMilltsrakile, ItAlliA4 01" hot a Preened SeePtir6fas di 161 P0n....i , , "
11,0X,t,oRil HOI.LAND,P.III...AIiIIA.e.-MMcMankra boob **plias* en a deity's esistelltak' Milt least,
OF NOTTINGHAM, ate. am. ae. . Is Onts sceptkieth tosehing' i'lfeiti litiflAilsit asses
4 - .
__ -Alta Ili' OM
-•-, (Caodudei from ear Paper of Tirssuivy . aceordieg to the law of *nature, tkit • is, the law et
—. God, which seep leknifeads-to taiillieelevis prophecy,
t, togereely know hew,. ley Lord, to quit the topic of events contrary re neturat 'abases, eemetking like
oft incite importance to practical. statesmen of an blamed's that God u net entile so mite St fievis•
son principles. Viable( yes to, renaleete opt what softies p ' •
itou
,:in .c ' 1
. have been the probable cosmonauts's, Mid *Atieordieg to thelesiottelef peliphotes If Iwo. eme
England spontaneously, and with a noble nisei. wheat for oat fete., bteadcit *lll Prodeetliiiiitiet
miry called on Americate have assumed lad . for oat poison. If I. sow goad to *thee., ersolusst
holding out to her at the same time the right laud et seep evil to ourselves. If wil sew liberty It olifitie*
erection and friendship; I desire you to regal to up slavery. And these sageoless persons, wbsi- inn
year recollection what have been the actual cortalt• so sceptical, es to sock effects from layer isiteettli
quinces for more than belie century of Welding a eon treadtlywrinegh sesolloot a Isellekthet. it 'weltreb
sound priaciple, its the Declaratory Act of 1706. tend to the great eacludleti ieitijekly, AO' illitrlild
()tight we not ever to keep in mind, that pried. bandit of suffrage, they .itieldipisifttilltrt-all• Ali
pies are ht fact our only sure guides in every art and were elevated, and plena/141'SW Still eieelllll.llµ
in every science? and that prodigal operators,. when cense, see they, Ii that sltiliediShild 01401611, issiMi
they act contrary to soviet prisiciples, are ever like. reside a 'efficient physical force fee the porpeWito 1 .
dering and marring what they undertake?. And any first thous aftloard biv.fewsomotitpulpaastioi in
we not, then, infiattely indebted to the gaeduess of that etteard and appevesediatejosityv *ft Ofralilli
the Deity, who, as is other sciences, has milled as force doss is reside.. 'IIs .604 it de • seteueskoh
to discover the principles of the science o( fours. act is hatted et oppressieti wittlitarudiessee-perrelse
sornment •
,that principle le .perlitilar, Represents;-it to mongol It .ft,lnsest setae rot eepetittesie is.
lion, withseet which weohoold hiss sodtell‘to $1440 jest* do net arise!. it. intectlest rustle' actimscwill
es safely through the-littrigaeles • aed, ificeldes lialltre make Weser, 1- If at enfeelivig, isisalesigi.eis•
national concerns, or to Preserve us from the fangs *Oen of 1." Petitions of . Right" have not irritated
of arbitrary power? it to active ireegeance,-shall attrotios4Allaillosems bad
' Is not the principle of Representation itself, for a complete redreki of its vieematteintsdeilkoheroitr.
directing out political navigation, a benefit as coo• loop arsd mischief'? —if/ /00V3 :ilt.ftr a?.
Fpirsous as that of magnetism, which is man's Its*, As the forlorn hope InAlett rfermsksgt 1/0 4re et
by night as by day, through the pathless ocean? And last asked, " 11." II"114101!". (014Pliest Shifftirrmsciv
were it not, in a politician. at the helm of State, as Revolietionr Oar lineage /A.!! Weirgolinglisk
errant a madness to cast from him tWepresesna. Reform, that wormy not spiepitfece French Revs*
tive principle, as for a seaman at the hs& of a ship, lotion.”
~101,,
to cast overboard his magnetic needle ? Lot es, No—some of these virteheeikelf.reseesting per.
then, look well to that admirable compass, our sons of properly, so far es respect.' ,the paystcA4
Constitution, and Carefully repair it whenever des. FORce, of the usbouriogypen slssiskwoossessisous
mixed! means of that secsrity fur which Oupporsigestuslues.
Representation being entierstionably " the hap. For preventing violence from
,theg,,,plotget force,
pint discovery of political teisdom," are not those, there are two intelligible modes„of..pospieding.,—.
my Lord, the " visionaries" who Can dream of ea. ONE is. absolutely to maim these labaerlisit.poor in
'hinting the political ocean with a worthless compass, their BODIES, by burning out their eyes.• minion
the needle of which had lost all attraction to the pole out their tempest or crippling shelf hands on fen;
of public good ? . to any este of which modes of ,proceedieg. therastese,
But how much worse than a visionary is that however, coksiderable objectiees, seeing hew litetee.
treacherous state pilot, who tabors the helm with,. moist the poor are to the production and
,presolepao
treasury.niagnet in his hand, by the power of 0,114 tioa of that property. . I ~t yowl!
be draws the needle to what point of corrupt intitost ~, The OT H Ell intelligible Mode is, to reelesifillin
be pleases, but ever wide. of the true pole, fotAke their MlNDtkany inclination, to lido I• of tolimis mil
general„F

illissatice. As • , odotorost • leading mos sem
to that end, it shoeld see% that to @steed to
them a free enjoyment ottheirMeilleright to shire its
the election of thole who are toimake laws foribg
COIDIROh benefit of rich end poor; west be the best ;
and let it be hue repeated, the& le the etcluded
majority of the People, the plosicalforce, so d
for ' for -

64, so **al
by folly, happily „ society, for lie pampered*
helpless and useless especially, does woe raids.
.Bat another: foolish Apprehension haunts the
ignitions of the timid. "If all poor persons hAd dip
'electoral franchise, would not persons every wsy
.conteseptikle sod videos beeleeted representatives?"
Not;.,FOr prolgctinits mesa in the lower sitestioes
society, as IntOirlity Its dame ascends, look to threw
above them, Under a rational omenigation,ln ever]
electoral district, there would be found the
gradatioos of wealth and poverty, of knowledge
ignorance, of virtue, and the want of it. Welith is
amoral power. goo it ledge is eaters) power. VirtAp
is natural power.
With all these freely operating ou the pub triode
while nothing weredpiritiotten by elections it'd,
laborioes duty, would not the poor seek vicar pcll
tectors among the most wise nod most 'lmmo', Nl*
a strong bias in the favour iris employed'l4l,lo
Look
.aeross the Atlantic • int actikeittfi nit owl;
comfiest sense arid experience:. 7 •
Believing theforegoing obrobaL."-
in truth, I can very Veadily
it' to be true, that I have,
" mistaken views of Utley r
that therefore I bate adopto
of GovernmentPl History r
nu neccessary connection;
thought of looking into piste
liament passed in semi-bat
whether or not thy country
that freedom which God al
which tyrants, ak war With
teitow.eirn."bote. unciasine
ti .13m+ ,

from Ott . t' . , ,-
Nor do I entry Me fealitiki 40 ilre tsgilfelflghl3l6l/
critics who are capable of so Inittentid eying Sofa teleMill
at they lute, ittqf westing lane in iiitiesenttfig
the Constitution,' whick Were bettik' It'iti WO/
artily trying to underttand, tidO ite'liOstrail
seribbling toundermine it.
::306,‘ .. 6!s= m
Anhui's% In comaienttag Ott thirsted' 'of my'llioff
iiti
proposition, I hays aimed . beejt eoniewitit di_ll:sie,
I'msd yietsoiieetirOitthir Oh ivir;lBl4ll2 *4 diPt
4
poSition of the Palittbergb' . 14Wert‘ Wilk no Aiiii
iflrootatery he reklitis,'Vkif dr. 400 DV 'P'-'
IltTie* meirii duly' 011si'itisila iiitheiltfet of
'die 'IWO (M, toll,* 'ota 61110 of etmi
great 'body ol'the Penpli:"''' - 1 ")'
n. saittingoliii; evert Witllol/"liMkt (Mrs Of 1406'
41400'desitotiim„ the &lel' ftergikOf se•thilitt;
'4•41,41,1••• tii••• litigs'i- enditild. 9110th townie
add iesed• Wilke *hole naktiht is ibiely *oder:Walt
Let'hii'fiiktfne lyi6 in Witte,' look into Locket
.(13. 2, !,87„ffip 142), and hide his heed with shay!'
PititittbfY'rody Lord, I bate said eneagh to middy
y'do'. 11‘,4,1)911tenalife h the itotiviothat the autheilty
tWiPaillaiiieni I. untimittiV %Vile it, 'Weed, ow:
lipsi!4afti that doctrino tines bunny established,
,stiout' not etir esperience have ceoviitted as, that
to
to ' iltO! lettiould have nothing to espect at
'tsfltPiiettise aeon, 'but Ms irtjustict,
. • colt i'd celty, and a Itend:llka:s, • Con-
iliiir: WikeryotVheir sufferings, not toe toe'llsefleled
,
.
Algiers, or ausoNg - •
'"iPW'Lordsbf
!Urged for '
of the tewyers,
Ind shade's el
into the mote
Parliament;
a feel shield
While in fact
which ez,
I l loin peeper.

id**. '• 11 diiiii*Vt•tipt tii' veil liiriSor 'I4OV,
questiiii':' "'Mei Wain the Est ftiiiolalsbillirmys i
the 110 Mit*. ' WM* reel, spoilt one *tail
are' that* is to tboApitooloat koilitttiffiostistif 'to 1
- coollod yahoo :t• Mil subjMitnii di4littind 00.
dPkottil Meat 11144 Y•uti,tri# tirtaitifkouoYy
51. :,„...... isvitavia."rte yos WW' ifit
• Milyie. Will wort to took'skifil* dill Maid
' **bet • *elk asserodoltit flitilklaoiltbdotact;,
fib, i ' y:plik' poOitry, -wlinooMiciltairsal?"oll
iis4
;r4itoldta' *Wed ity' tilosi'loo• AV delE.
ticitylfit 1 ciiiil bi bitidikirilitiL WOO ii
liiroestild. ' iltiioearkiitirytioiteff it' (*IW,
-viOil.r_filitioskbliestativiiii,lii witioeif.°" ' ''
! .. . • i ' ell '
Ras'liffersq/416A1t tr it 0.4 . qicho.
Hu,. , . .to butt o, . totfi
.S " ' ' Voliitaii
• - is
il r I 1 c itki litt
bdow • , is,' Iris t Id' ti - a is or ti

nc...,
IbatWadont to 11);:iiiitia
r its ickndivlitd
to doidelinses edOttili
yte biii without airOtil
r#ti keyteOst p9l
r and innFal printiplei
'and I shoeld'ipailiiliki
for .or .or it drPet
arbainas toiler
r of dijiiblf dedfit'lB
and natare $" U ;*,
Gaa;
b‘;‘ 1441:t4' tousle

carry or ',mu swurwriess,
re, or among lb. vilest horde of barberlins.
Lordship, let us hope, has" a mind too ten-
le being contracted into the tricking pedantry
wyers, for giving actions the weight of troth.,
oirs the salve of realities, thereby failing
more then pagan crodelity' of coasidering
int; In ki present neo.efectire carniitioa, as
field of representative armobr to die Penptss,
fact no bettir than a tettkgedirlocil-cevering
poses the upend AWN*, of tbi most tot
