4

•, .

A

„ .._

•i:

5848

" The Caws

EAST INDIA !MUSIC, N0r.116.1813.
•
rffiliig Cowl of Directors of Me United Company of
.111 Merchants of i?ngland, trading' to the East is-
VW, isslumwey giro notice.
?tat a I.lst of unclaimed Dividends on East India ark op
to Aely. RHO. Inclusive, will be published and ready for deli-
ay lathe Transfer Ole., it this house on Friday, the itth
eeinber next.
JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

FATAELISHED UPWARDS OF TWENTY YEARS.
Por the Miff of Irish Lines hp the Piece, et the Pieter!
Dice. No. I, on the SOUTH SIDI?, of BLOOWSBURY
SQU AR F., four doers from vie top of doatharnpton-street,
' ,lisilsorn.
011/18 IRISH I,INRN COMPANY beg !rare to an-
"nee., to the Public. that the shore Hoes. is
their ouly Ustibilsitatent in this Country, where they eon.
'Moe to supply the Nobility, Gantry, sad the Public. with
1 "WARR/1)1MS) ' grasiabbreebrd Wan, for Shirts slid
Sheets. of the best fabric and colour, at a prke consider-
ably loser !ben they as be procured through say Other us-
:" Mem. They also engage to esters lbs puesinso.nioneT
.: easied atuLfsolt sween., flood Irish fillip sod Benk,pf lunb
MiUSSila2Atik As irasurradimif savoy& ears Plum..

_
-

witty usen4ed to by
JOHN DUNOVAN, 4. 814ovesbary-svaresLeetSof
• 10111 N 110 Y LE, 21. St. Mary's Abbsy. DiiSlln. Agent:

PATI

IFIESTIC ECONOMY.
r PREPARED BARLEY and

.1 —-- - -
Pit t, G D GROATS. fur snaking Barley Water and
• • %RE
Gruel in ten minutes; and are highly esteemed asst nutritious
Food for Infants and invalids ; the Barley makes a delicious
'Peddiag,. and Is sup4rior for thickening Broths, Re.—Thai
Articles having gained the highest approbation of numerson
Medical Gentlemen of the first eminence, Matthias Robinson,
sole Inventor, has obtained for the manufacture of them " flit
Majesty's Royal Letters Patent," in order to protect:the Pub-
lic from spurious imitations, as the ce ebrity of his Prepara-
tions have induced unprincipled persons to pirate his " direc-
tions for use," and vend Articles falsely denominated pre-
'pared, hut which are totally devoid of the superior and effica-
cious qualities of the Patent Preparations.
Sold in I lb, Packages at Sd. and Canisters it 2s. each, which
have ander the Royal Arms the word Patent, and the signature
of Malts. Robinson. They %re w ted to keep in any Cll.
oate, and are, therefore, weld worth the attention of bierehasts.
Captains of Ships, and others trading to the East an* West
;Mies, itc.
Sold Wholeiale, Retail, and for Exportation, by the Paten-
tee, Mauldin Robinson. 64, Red Llon street, Holborn, the
corner of Eagle street; Bather's, druggists, 4, Cheapside, and
Wit, Regent street, London; Waterloo Place, Edinburgh; sad
Machine street, Dublin; and retail by all the principal Drug-
gists, Grocers, &e. throughout the Kingdom.

PRINCE'S celebrated RUSSIA OIL Is now so improved
with an extra valuable ingredient, throttle% which It hes
Wade It the greatest preserver and promoter to the (lair. if need 1011.
Muth., not a hair will tall mf. or turn grey. It is such a aostrlvlser to the
lair. that even i: it has begun to turn grey. It will, restore It to Its natant to-
lam hr nynnehtle robbing it In the roots, as Inndreills hare experieeeed,
ens. hare used it regularity. It Is sure to dear Usp scarf hem Infatirf to
Old Age. and whets ditssing with Itviill always keep the head awl hair
own and breath.). and in rust. Willsure resters the hair on Mid plans,
U there Is the !. aorsigill of roots; bat If persons are bald.and the roots an
El
;rely gone. it. Net vesture, that any article tan restore It: sod If per
pretend tat fore hair when the roots are gone, 1., any article what-
a, It is a Welty. Femme wins have begot to pe MM. ought tab. par
as ►
to use the Russia Oil daily. or at the least every ether dal. as there
ghost be a complaint in the eta* wistelt may go !Gelber fed refry liff the bait
ftraltudv. if neglected, which bee often been the ease. Even Medical Oen*.
id
of Use lledieslMoil.whe MU estalvesd Prince's Reside O. bah, pub-
-1 in pen - Ormette of ideelthi"Ne.l6. that the discovery le a reit (To-
th. iorwri•t•f.and is ofdleatrba any giber 06 tithe heir.&•lo di. lo
of baldness aid week bale. what can ?omit& be &We ie. Ilrothfli ,
• stud sratirtist M. wbeslWitaat litesatessaji.awraimewariisittner

'SAP, MC MC. MON•1111•V 711111M1115•1111W Warw. .a no••••••• ••••• •••• ....• •
be enamithig the Ingredients isitkla graarl'oll, they Sad It coattail* trey
kiegaismOlk eatookttamdipoeftmed: sad &teflon It emmet be amapared
the
Rosati Oita. 4mo re rieher to the hair. The are petty winners.
!maven!, and callstth, who melt bailee& fat and put It In note. and per
lasi take to the pablie by pretending to veil %boa Beare theme ; but
well knewn to Russia that Bears Grease Is too hands for the Hair.
etomb*, the Hair turn Grey sod fall off. *Che trans of this is well
n to every one Who kociasa the ihnperor Alexander, as he lost hi; Hair
Om early ago ; and many Persons of Distinction in the North also IA their
Isft at Au early age throw/Issuing Boars' Ottawa In short. In Russia
sad Ott% parts of the North, where the Boars are. it is found from cape-
=ntlaat Beam' Goals is too harsh for the Hair, and whoever re-
ds it Is ell reentry for the Hair must do it for Imposition, or must
k igneous% of its injuring the Hair; bat Priocch celebrated
llassiablii is mixed with the must nourishing Oils in turope.and It is always
lbw a Jelly, and it Is proved by crony one who has gine it a fair trial.
ti be the only article that actually preserves and promotes the Hair.—
lit la no wonder Got Ladles and Oen:teasel bare complained
hi late .f the Russia Oil cot being of twirler to the hair.
II Gee have found oat that unprioelphal persons bars sold them
wanderfeits. Ladies awl GenUeruen will be particular, as Impostor. la
Great Militia, Fraisee, and other different parts of the Continent:have made
parsons ut the Counterfeit Russia Oil so fainth like the genuine, and
Illabh Moos* deceive falsely, have printed en their counterfeit memo, ^ the
griglaal," ile . genuine Itessiil Oil," and some even are so daring. although
Ilepinsew It re pinisitahle, to put the Original Proprietor's MUM. There-
fore parrligorrs should he cantinas. and hare it pf tbe Proprietor, or of re-
apilikke Venders.—Asff for Prinee's lmkured kneels Oil. The ounce
!Nl* ha. a large bottle, onatiining live ouncos,inte 'mond, Is a saying.
MI by the .14 Pn•prittor. A. Prince. No. 9, Pulaud.street. Orford•
lot dear the Pantheon; and by Mi. Smyth, pernimer to his Majesty.
KA Ilona street ; Messra Illmattle,Tielihorne street; Sanger. 1311, Oxford•
Moll; ft igge.os. Cheat/side :Johrwirn.6B, Coe/Shill ;'Cart, Rural Bethany*:
ead most principal Perfiim-rs and Medirine Venders. Prince's :Itwisia Oil
IN been haproved with the extra ingredient since January
Pet through which it will keen pleasant in this or any other
ellotte.—Pereral Captains, ado bare /votetramthe Continent bare de
elearitlat niwitever they laintest tilerehand:se. they have been asked if they
ifitlate of,Priace's Rossi/LOH, therefore merchants will And an Medea*.
ii**,qlAg ir—Merrhauta rind Captains will reeeire a lilwral allowance for
• Proved by aillitivid oil the Stile ofbefore Narrinlwe. 1914, the
trir:, el Letilett, as t A. Photo Is the original Proprietor in the Gni-
!Wet the Reece Oil; and theories/ it any Perfumer, Medicine vender.
gbh drew. or aity one else is Great Britain, or any nutter country, sell an
1111 embed Bitola Oil that is not Prints; 's they art impostor., as they sell
111101efirthi to their customers. As several Ladies and tlentleoten hi the
Ditty bare hese taken In by nnyrincioled persons saltine them Countey-
lek Russia Oil, therefore will the sure to have Vie Genuine hr sending 0
lhaffltanee to the proprietor, it will be forwarded immediately by
Mob. • .

• VERY FAST TRAVELLING
To Dona, DEAL. RAMSGATIS, ;MARGATE AND CAN/Th:llEl4
' Iffour Inside Coaches. and'keeit good time, by
M. A. MOUNT 11N.aad Co.
SARACEN'S HEAD INN, SKINNER-STREET,
esow-RILL, LONDON.
THE following LIGHT Pow,' COACHES, Mails,
:iv. set out from the above Inn :-
The
" RoyalTelegroph," Dover, Deal, Ramsgate. Margate,
*tad Stairs, Canterbury, Petersham, and Sand:tick new
Wrier fast Coach, every morning at a past 7 O'clock.
-4aeonsopienee of' the decided preftrence given to the re-
leraph Coach. the Proprietors are determined no expense
WNW be spared to render ft the first conveyance on the
Serf Road.
TIN "Telly Ilo,” Birmingham very fast Day Coach,Morn-
IX at before 7 o'clock, through Redburn, Market Street,
Namable, Brickhill, Fenny Stratford, Stoney Stratford, Tow-
ester, %Verdun. Daventry, Dunahnrch, Coventry, and Stone
kite. to the C4stle Hotel, and St. George's Tavern.- High
Otter; Birmingham, to 5 roan, Wellington, Bridgenorth,
Shelton. Shrewsbury, Satop, Oswestry, Nantwich, Bangor.
• 'Carporley. Chester aud Holyhead. Driven through with 2
COnebasen only.
lu eonstquel ee of the decided preference given to the Tally
Ho Coach, the Proprietors are determined no expense shall
spartd to render it, the first c:?nreyance on the Birmi. gnaw
Rood
Tke ".Sovere,gn," New light fast Coach to Falmouth. Ply-
Pei. Exeter, Truro, Bodmia, Pemy a, Ashburton. Totuess„
C_toutti, Weymouth. Daicheater. and Salisbury. every
gat 7 through lloniG.n, Axminster. Bridport. Bland-
Stockbridee, Sutton, Basingstoke, Hartford Bridge,
allsiwater and Ragshut.
The only Bag Couch to ;repeat:ma. (driven through
wlfh '",_,_mach rhea awg.)
C„i.
^rkuge, Orerlon, IVAiteherrek, A lidorer. Woodyeats,
osa."
C
• halisbury.l3Litsull'ord 4. Dorchester, at a guar,
_ &Welts)* in the morning.
raeitas from Weymouth to Guerwley, Jersey. Cherbourg,
$t Me/°es. 4•c. every IVediscsitay and zaturduy eillernoon
k o'clock.

tu cIjiIXLVI.
(rib e

whim%

.

LONDON,

_
Bromide's, Chatham, Rothester, G rafecald• :441
Slttitsgbourne, Raliham 41. Ospringe, Noritlity,
past 7.
The " Union." Southampton. Lymington,
Witseiester, Basingstoke, Harefurd.bridflet- 111""PaidS
and Bagrhot new fonr inside Coach.
?Oink arrives at the Coat* and Herm. and Ville
.1.89%1
on, by Fire o'ctoik. Watt is a most delight)*
to ae Isle bf ;right, Jersey, Guernsey. Sit,'
Slims, Havre de Grace, Cherburg; Ice.—The Proprietors
Vibe above Coach hope to receive sr continuants of that
support which has Altherte been experaneed
meneernenf of the " Untex."
2it:ty Light t)ae
borough Itapsioot.
Aare*, Andorer
illanr(ford, at a jp
Bulk end. aristet
Oaks; Naraoroodds.
_Afternoon
=es

E., .#

d 4
...v.,
c .11"" •
-41 IL •
•• .• •• - - Rxy
• •

.~

• • ,

Y

'.ft

.~. •••'~llv.

ripit::

Plte SKIS 5 PK^

of the handbill in which Mr. Detkry Itrok the lari acted halt
rca
with lair. l-
Colonel Si wroilku here beglell Pd etiirect, uitiee•
'Dentition which hatfigone abroad respechnr him. 'lt id
been stated that hailiad conveyor(' 'lctr Sir Jahn To oettql
He now declared that he had nut cahvatited^fOr either party.
Colonel Joistasotr.eaid, that as the hooves:date, inelda
it rained, he wool.' nut detain the Ilfreeliolder‘ moritlian.
a 'Monte. It ban been said that they(the I tigitby putt-)
were fighting against a body. without fle coot&
tell them it would yet take a grant Many bead, to heat
them. (Cheers.) The majority og that day's 'poll was no
criterion of the feeling of the coulity as being against*
J. Thorold's cause. On the contrary, he thought' it ;nap .
die highest honour a man ceula receive, that on the 'hint
Aar of the contest he ghoul have received nearly Loos ,
•wies, without any 'solicitation whatsoever. trite contest
of pa ordinary kind. It was a noeri one in:Falk
by. Previa the (*sample trtsii Is the Treeltdldere uT
set on this occasion wealth leach freemen
r value on their freedom. ' Tbe Nottearabiti
r W. Ingilby) had expressed this -Fero th. 4
had left the contest. He (Colonel Johnigu)
awe Igo, that he had more occasion to rejoice than .
4 sorry for Mr. Wells's absence ; for through the course tit
that day% work he had deeply frit the lo•s of his great
taleott. This be felt it necessary to say in defect, of ttat
gentlenian, that no feelings could be more horialrattle
to a man than tiro+, which I ad induced him (dr. Pirtle)
to withdraw Liinself from any further intethrchce is ?Co

election ; and hefore-the'47.ld;e•-ot: the conlesTe he wocl

make that fact apparent to every freeholder In Ibe cods ter:
There was, be tinderstoori. a most respectable gentleman 0*
the hustings, who had written to .Sir John Thorold, ask:cor
him a most material question. I t was, whether, if e4eted:
he would support the abolition of slavery? Hiannswer wad:
that if the county conferred upon'idin the high homer ef
electing him their representative, he troeld vote few Vie
abolition, and in everposher respect endeavour to dischargel
his duty to the county. (Cheers.) The :inference. t!tene
which they :smut draw from this deolaration, mast be the
re f that which was sought to be drawn from thite
band-hill. (Cheers.)
Sir Rental. lissom said Ise would not dwell on the
Impropriety of Six Willi stn• Ingilby's committee in pr:),
lishing the hand bill. That bad been sifficiently retnarke4
upon already. He wool I only observe, ttrat he Lel I in nix
band a letter from Sir John Thorold, whirls at present
be was not at liberty. to read at length: bat in that kite.:
Sir Jbhn expressed his sorprise acid astonishment thst toy
part of the conversation between him and the gentlemen ut
the committee should bate been pnbilshed, and declared:*
such publication was wholly without his knoledge or:
consent. If it were asked why Sir John Tborold did o:,t
come forward aed• stater those feets:besanswered, that hat
nut wish. under all the circumstances of thecae. to app's"'
on the hustings. He stated this to the deputation. Aa
to the question which had teen so often asked—whether
Sir John 'figural.' would set•-, if el eel. Sir John bivi
distinctly stated that be would ; and he (Sir It. Heron)
now rerated the fact in tl 6 most positive mintier.
Colonel 01011.1410"4 begged to say one word as to tilts
promise which Air John Thorold had .rnatle to vote for Sr•
Wm I ogilby: The prousite was Wade to Lord larlsorrigt
and not to Sir W. I ogilhy.
Sir IV. I ogilhy here said; that he felt called upon, in.
vindication of hia.awn honour. to state, that Sir .14.,ThrirtrWig.,..
tire to WOO bird"Wlllallealstrpot to or Dziontis jawtt
rttrougli, hot distinctly to WM (Sir W.IieTTIO himself.
He :avoid priethier the letter to morrow. (Cheers.)
The Herr. Sir C. ANDICRSOitsaid the words of the letter
were, " 1 strati be happy to give you my vote." if he were
wrong in this, the letter what irrtiduced would correct
(Cheers.)
Colonel Jontesox said, that he Wont! admit• that he
deserved to fail under the diapirainre of the meeting, if h w
had asserted add- thing which be tottld not prove. He weir
satisfied that he had nut stated what could not be proved.
Sir C. ANDERSON observed, that it was in • 'notion to
that letter of Sir John Thorold that he bad stated on a
former day. that Mir William Ingitby had not only • the
sanction of the majority of the freeholder', but the auppos k.
of Sir John Thorold himself.
The meeting now adjourned.
?MITI! DM

Ltxcome, Saturday night, Nov. 29.—The reSult of this-
day's poll has, we think, put the issue of the contest past
all doubt. At an early hour the friends sif Sir William
Ingilby began to pour into the town in hondrol., while of
the opposite party there was only ad odd straggler arriving-
at distant intervals. Still, laticrever, the glues keep op..
their spirits, and talk with seeming confidence of ultimate
success, They iely upon the great dumber of freehnialers
yet uopolled, of whom they say there are about 12,000. le
this be tr e, there is of course a ineaus of reducing thm
present II ajority but from all we can learn here, the now-,
hers of übpolleil voters in the interest of Sir Wm. Ingilbri
are quite suilicient to *keep him at the head of the
Ode thing Senna certain, that the supporters. of Sir Jahn
Thor.,ld Hill keep the pull oven as long as they can. get r.l
freeholder to bring to it. •How long this may he, is yet:
quite uncertain. The leaders of each party still continua
to conduct their proceedings with the utmost good temper
towards their opponents. Of this good feeling one toward&
another, they do not, however, seem t,a think that elestiong
squibs, however severe, are any violation. They thers.fore
continue at each side to send them fOrth daily. There was:
one came out this morning, in which the sacred %critters
of the Evangelist are brought to bear upon one of that
candidates. This use (or abuse) of the Scriptures arsons
out of the *umbers of Sir Wm. Ingillay's majority umt
yesterday's poll—they were 666. 11 was obsess...l.hy so
gentleman on the hustings at the time, that that was then
exact number of the beast,' in the Revelation of St J." 111..
The hint was taken, and in the course of this morninv tie
following hand bill was circulated by the friends. of thoa
Thorold party : .
" MAJORITY /DR SIR trtmaafit IteoILIST-57X
THRIKESCORR AND SIX. • • •
" Revelation, chap. sm., and from the Ist, 2,1, 34, 44h,
9th, 13th, 14th, 16th, 17th, and 18th verses :
" 1. And 1 aitod upon the sand of theseaosadi saw a
beast rise up. , hi
2'. --..., and the dragon gave him hie perste', ask.
his seat, and his authority.
"3. Aod all the world wondered after the heist.
" 4. -- and they worahiap-d the beast,
Who is like unto the beast who ;sable to make war 'Nitta
him it

"5. And there was given unto him a mouth spesitior •
great things—
" 9. If any man have an ear, let him hear. •
" 13. He doth great *omit's.
" 14. And deceineth them that dwell on the earth.
" 16. And lie canteth al!, both small and great. iichmosit
poor, free and bond, to receive• a mark is their. riga& hard
or in their foreheads.
" 17. And that no man•might buy or sell save he that
hail the mark, or the name of the beast, er the osittntdr of
his name.
Here is *isdoin. Let hire that bath unelerstaytioi
Count the number of the .heast, for it is the number of
max, and his number is Nix hundred Win resin: aril sic
" Here cadet!' the chapter."
