•RR.

spare a vessel of war, the merchants conuectetT7thi
Lima trade might easily fit out an armed venal 1,1
ceed round Cape Horn, and transport their spy`
one port to another until it retched Panama, or owl
men might be sent to the latter port to equip a au*
the pnrpoqe._

Accounts from s respectable source at Paeans
that much agitation prevailed at that plate fee thZ
of Lima, and should the city fall into the litaigo
enemy little doubt was entertained that the ioN
would be riven over to the British for its proteeist
General San' Martin, of the Independent see,w`
landed at Poems. aboot one hundred leaves "a
Lima, with a force of between nine and ten NEI

mien : it was supposed he would march against tho
where they were featly to oppose him with 2,301
peans, and 13,500 militia, all line uien, and TO
voted to the cause of their Sovereign.
A letter from Savannah, of the 30th of Neff
mentions that, of 102 Irishmen who arrived them
vessel the last of September, nut nue now surrisa

total panther of deaths in that city during theme%
September, was computed at 400.--(Pren• ego
paper, Pee. :141 )
Privateers, it seems, go on ix itnmingly at the
of Bahitriere, in defiance of all the laws ; one pin
whirl' sailed from tbat port with about 110 awe,
turned with less than a dozen; there are new
shipping crews, and tire have lately sailed.

Extract of a letter from Angostura, dyed
13th or Nov. 1819:

" Since writing you last in October, we harem
dispatches from Oen. Bolivar, doted at Santa Fro
the middle of September, at which time the wbe
province of New Granada was in peaceable tumuli
the Patriots, and Oen. Bolivar was ready to ro
Venezuela, and is, ere this, on his march to mi
forces with the aruay of Venezuela, and 'pausal
Gen. Morino, &c.

1. General Arisalendi, Vice President of Von
left Angostura on the sth inst., for filaturia, is
his efforts to those of General Marino in the wee
dispositions for the movement of the army fees I
place, to join in the contemplated attack ow Com
and will move immediately with 6000 endive
principally English and Irish. Gee. Part will
field with 4000 cavalry, &c. The whole lathe
unaer (lee. La Torre, have been destroyed by.
Soublette. The port of Santa Fe, on the
been abandoned by the .Royal division,
tioned there. General &liter has organised,
sional government in Skate •Fe, and left
Ander in charge of the government till the
from New Grenada can tike their seats in the
Congress, and adopt tho necessary masons
permanent establish's:rat of a Governor there, k,
prospects were net* tisore favourable le thisY
than at pres4ut "

It seldom happens that a whole irationii
cerned for an injured subject; yet tint
case with Mr. WILKES, and It prod •
'Abets in the cause of liberty. Some
till
Ministry have carried their efTlentery le
upbraid individuals by name on accent d
contributing, through a subscription, to Sett
ing the pekeeitsted •inclividual to ease or unde
his eirsinaiatanipes. It is, however, priori
noble, and presierous to support the weak, whe
been hardly dealt with by the iron hard rip
We insist upon it, that a spirited examlgeolill
be set by establishing a fund for prosecute'
the public elpence, the Minister, whenever)
jures any unsupported subject. In order ell
tain liberty, the people ought to espoese, ri

Administration, the cause even of the meanie
vidual, when oppressed. While the mewl
the community separate their interest, the(
tution has no strength, and slavery liked:
progressively approaches. On the &bows
it is that, if the injured parties make any MI
tion about the violence offered them, thrall
officio prosecution by the ATTORNEY-GU
awed by power, and feeling too feeble tel
with a vindictive Ministry, or unable to 111
expenses of a law-snit (in which 414
serer obtained, whatever wrong may flee
endured), they are obliged to suffer the ieja
submit to oppression. Tito the treaties fat
not being determined, the outrages of the/
administer the Government pass unrepttelill
instead of appearing firmly in support of thin
stiffer in the public cause, the others hie*
them, and the unfortunate fall victims deg
their ill fate. If the Law Officers of the AM
determined upon the ruin of any one peg/
has called up their vengeance, they 'Wog
succeed, unless they have to do with as 1
contest with them, which is rarely the cam.
let slip no opportunity to weary their si
victim by formality, adjournment, and es}
and, after all, if they are conscious that the/
party will be likely, under an imperil!
have a verdict in his favour, they WOW
upon perplexing him, by cavilling with ig
obliging him to follow the prosecutor flat
maze or sig-snag course, in order, if poi
prnvent the matter being finally decided
the accused party is a person of cowl.
and cannot be overcome through law by NI
jostlee being on his side, as, in our opiewei
Celia with Mr. HORHOVSE, some pro**
lasi members of a corrupt Government
.10
it-rawly suspected of making secret at
his life. If the axe, the halter, and e'vee
prove ineflbctual, how many resource. elk!
to wicked men in power? and *hese OP
