THE STATESMAN

nntither of the patistsioners volnntarilv came forward, and
bound themselves by a solemn obligation. before the parish
If Minister, the Rev. lleg At organ Opt, they would not.orilx.
iir tbaliard vcs SI ve:lliert4reßracafole drmegnoisr,. lilt
%on* nsii 'o4r . into to` • -toi vie hint in iike dia.
*bar* okiiis 1--(iVe.r 3,d Ifersild.)-,
Anliali of It* n tne of Campion, of kloienahrogee. titter
Tieskleed;issisilecieeney,wri-eqdreadfnlly beaten rm.:4lllY
lay !veni,oir. Icy too rafAaasciti4at he ilied on Tuesday.:
An inquest was takes on thibily.-antt a ierdict bf " wilful'
.plueder" returned. 'A persesaf the nemsef James Heyne
has been committed, charged with being concerned in the
murder.—(Rilkenay ifodeiator) . .
cLONMPL. AUGUST 30.—Betwiiin twelve and one on Theirs-
day, si three men were valuinglithes belonging to Dees
Palmer. between New Inn and Cashel, they were attacked by.
nine or ten men barefooted. witb their Wes blackened, 'sin
otherwise disguised—and cut and beat Ibises most severely
with shines, stieks, ac.—(.4dverliesn)
On Saturday night. last, a comfortable dwelling, situate
in the snimehe of &immure, was set fire to and totally
consumed, by somp . incendiaries. And. on Sunday morn.
't lorlt' -- • ' of: - alarmii - - was

int, at an iihner, a nodes an ing nature,
.posso at tot ibove place, threatening a friendly visit to
any person taking the adjoining loads or meadow Item
Mr. Stewart, .Lord ilawardon'e Agent, width were lately
iorientlered and reset to Mr. James Scott, of ltoamore.•
We a►e informed that scarce a night passes bat shits are
tired in the neighbourhood of Dundrum. Some tour of
the, nigl►t of Friday hat, five heiffers, the property of a
poor industrious man who resides in the neighbourhood of
Tipperary, were totally deprived of sight by some nefeel
lag wretches, who pi+•ked out their eyes with something
.Fesitipislng a sharp pikr.—(Herald)

*Ai

♦ift.

LB.
Mn R. PAUL
• o.:..lioltand 0
Hasbro
.2.. France ......
0 ...Flanders .......0
0... . Malta... 9

1.... Dublin ' 0 I
4....Waitettord 0
1....131 a Jersey 0
0.....1A51xte 0
0 ..reatlPahere I

PRICE ote SFOCKS THIS
Rank 8 took . 21611
3 per Ct. Red .83i• 831 $$
3 p. Ct. Cone.
Sigler
per Conta.,? 101/ Miff
lotiii
toot fWO•• • • • • • •• •
Imp !p.n. Ct

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
India Ntock . 9634 644
Ditto Bonds ll2 60pan.
e 5.11111.21
1001. 36( SS —9 pan.
MK— 36 N 133 pm.
Bme4.BS 37 Eilo
Lottery Tiskets...... 14$. 14s.
Con. for Acct... 9914

Whe *tat

imam.

THURSDAY EVENINO. •SE#TEMBER 4, 1823.

STOCK EICKAKOI, 12 o'CLocx.—Consols opened this
morning at 9:21, with .not much business doing. The re-
port of the answer of the King of Spain to the Duke d'An,
gouleme not having been confirmed this morning, vat tout
.opiolous were entertained ei the subject. A rumour pre.
voila• of an Express having arrived from Paris, but no par-
tical,ir news has as yet transpired.
Accounts from the environs of Sett, of the 24th of Aug.
state that they expected Baron Brehm, wbo was person-
ally
to treat with the Governor of that fort. A Colonel,
with an Aid-de-camp. left the above fort, on the 13th, for
the head-quarter., had not yet returned. The artillery of
the fort war continually firing► bombs aid balls. and the ad-•
%mitred post. were also keeping up a heavy fire. The writer

from Ferpicnan of the 25th of Aug. states, that a report
prevails that evening, that the fort of Figueras surrendered.
There was a great firing heard in the morning; but the
report requires confirmation. They state. from Salamanca
of the 16th of Aug that the Captain General of the Pro-
Once, has published a Proclamation, in which, he announces
the complete blockade of Cuidad Roderiego.
They write from (Groom', of the 26th of August, that on
the 22d, at. 4 o't lock in the evening, ad officer, who was
very ill, came outof the fort of Figneras, far whom the Go-
vernor solicited permission to go into the town. With this
officer came a Chief of Battalion as a flag of truce. who was
received by Colonel Cornier. Commandant of the Place,
who conducted him blindfold to the Marshal de Cawp.
a ith whom lie e sited from 5 to 7 o'clock.
Consols are np'to this hour 524. Spanish Bonds. 361 a.
Columbia, 50 to 51. French Scrip. 2. Russia, ti3lll.
We are informed from the most respectoble authority.
'that on the arrival at Paris, of the information that the
tortes had refused the proposition of the Duke Micros-
lamer; the next day an express was di patched to hint at
Part filmy's, to bombard Cadiz withunt delay, and
make an attempt to take that City, (coete gad coute) cost
what it m ty. We maj expect every day to bear of a most
sanguinary contest from that quarter.

(f ROM THI GALWAY •DVIIRTISECR.)
On the application of Mr: Pat. Conolly, of the Town,
the Fiat of Me. Justice Jebh. has been obtained fur liberty
to issue to the Mayor of (lalway, three Writs of Halveas
Corp.'. commanding him forthwith to bring rip before We have received this morning Frankfurt papers of the
the Chief or any of the other Justices of the King's Bench,
28th, and Vienna papers of the 20th ult. The latter con-
the Bodies of John Rotchfort, Stephen Connolly, and Tho-
mas Bark,, and show by what authority he has deprived tain accounts from Salonichi of the 23th of July. and from
three of his Majesty's liege subjects of their liberty. On Seres of the 30th. It appears from them that the Seraskier
conferring with the officer. Mr. Conolly found that in the
Mechemed Podia, who commands the troops destined for
first instance it was better to have the order chanted and
direct the Writ to the Sheriff, as the Mayor might return the invasion of the Mores, bad not entered the Mores, but
the prisoners not in his actual custody but in that of the was still at Larissa on the 20th of July, with his whole
Sheriff. as being in his Gaol. for which return he could .
army. Odysseus was still encamped at Zeitoung. " This,"
mot be attaches), as in contemplation of haw the Gaol would
be deemed the house of the Sheriff; who, of course, will says the Vienna Editor, who is always happy in under-
inform the Court that it was the Mayor's act, by which rating t e prospects of toeGreeks,' completely does away
be will not be deprived the opportunity of jnati-
tying his conduct before that high tribunal. The the news of the victories said to have been Oiled by the
Officer, on a representation of the poverty of the Greeks at the Thermopylw. It seems thiu what gave rise
prisoners, remitted a part .of his fees, and advised that
to these reports, was the circumstance that a small corps,
only one writ should issuefor the present, as the fate of one
was that of the other two, which was accordingly done ;be which had advanced towards Zeitoting. has, it is said, re-
desired to know of what day the parties would arrive. that ceived a check—an event which can have no influence on
be might apprize the Chief Justice, in order to fix a day for tit .
operations of the mac* army."
the hearing. Many Writs of Habeas Corpus have been issued
le cases with the ordinary return, in order to commit The Diet of Switzerland, was closed in its 25th sitting,
debtors for their own convenience to the Marshalsen of on the 14th ult. It is stated that the Diet left the cam::
Dublin; but it is not io the recollection of any persen now
in town, when a peremptory writ of this nature wooed in a marcial affairs of the country nearly In the state in which
criminal case which impressed some with the idea that to them it found them. It would have been well if so much could
no such could ran. and of course the duration of the hart. boy, been said of its conduct 00, to political
matters, and
moment of a eettain clue Was to be regulated by the ea-
price of him who presided; but it is sew discovered, that especially the personal freedom of strangers and the liberty
this writ will not only run to a Prince, should be presume of the Press.
itistlerin ur-of his Majesty's
subjects of their lam'', The Courts of London, Peesesiserg, and Berlin, support;
bat aM• to a Mayor of a Borough Town, by which the
Jeerer orders will leers that the lA. is their bestprommisio, it is boasted. in the most humane maoler, the Piedmont's,
and by hulas means to the proper tribnael. and net to Waldemar,. The Russian Awahmewhir tat Tads. is also
violates, they will have the ease measure of justice, sot ,wctin subscriptions for *ISO" them
ewe*, would erect thiamine into a Whine( from wideb communities with on hospital. is Iltiellt; this)Protestant
than 'Maki he so Countries of the oonfederldion aro limiest let job. These
Is Itie parish ofliTmeakplooMpm... a wild mell remote die.
trier elf this Cosoiniontia=llol from ti_Legointy of Car- metiVaaistat a• doubts recommend themselves to royal
low by i Aibued• tfiwillllllo Motristalne. favour by their pacific tenetiF sad the litaAllisinco sea-
m! 011ie =ON poem free aka Coma, lathe fait not but desire to mike, mop every. whop the phiet.
s. :an Ai,•• t,•
' • , l• ; 't•')
• ••
• " a

:C:,'.-

.•L

pies. so tgreeable and convenient to tiovernments, of plo-
sive obedience and nonresistance. .
A. Envoy Extraordinary of the Empotol of Rota
by
set out riot Stuttgart', where he is to sir *0 marriage,
contract between his Imperial Higlinessi the Grand Doke
.Michael, and her Royal Highness PrincessCharfdtte of
Wurtemberg. The Crown Prince of Austria has arrived at
Salzburg on hie return from his tour through Tyrol, and
the Arch Duke John, from Styria.

•

- . -•

The fate of Cornnna is no longer doubtful. It appears
to have been surrendered to M3IIILLO, on the Slit inst.,
and we have only to rejoice, that it has been defended so
long, and purchased so dearly by the invaders. Tlieri is
still one mystery, as to the negotiations. How .Morillo
could have been selected as the person to whoitHMtlarren-
der should be m►de, appears irreconcilable with the disgust
which his previous treason must have inspired among the
brave defee.ders of the Constitution at Cora►na. We
must wait for the elucidation of these circumstances.

willingly, or unwillingly, as the Duke addrrsseti his :f
to the King, it was fitting that the tine shoul I
reply, and tell this Royal bandit, that " the
" which has been shed in this unkt.t war would
" recoil upon the heads of Louis NVIII. and all Frrra
" men; and that they are responsible before Goo for all
" the evils
_that may happen either to Ferdinand, or to his
" family." This is to put the question in its true light.
The Frestskusonarch, his ministers, his family, and ail his
voluntary agents, are so many contrivers and perpetrators
of. thousands of barbarous and unprovoked murders ; for
which, if power did not take them out of the operation of
ordinary justice, they would individually and collectively
merit the gibbet. All the blood that has been shed, or tin:
Will hereafter be spilt, lies upon their heads; and we
. st that none of them will escape from this life
Without the signal retribution which their crimes deserve,
Surely the people of Prance will not long permit the
Illdarbons to heap infamy upon the nation, by their thirst
for the blood of the unoffending, and by carrying all the
terrible scourges of war among millions of onoffending in.
dividuals, for their amusement, or for the gratification of
their despotic desires. The last revolution in France ori-
gin.uted in a justifiable endeavour to throw off the yoke of
an imbecile and ferocious faction ; but a revolution that
should bort 'from the throne of that kingdom, i family re
called to it by foreign force, and filling it without
any regard to the commonest principles of justice
either at home or abroad, would be an event
which the universe would applaud, as jumped•
ously necessary, and superlatively glorious. Nor can
we believe that the public mind of France is not con.
templating :his, as an inevitable result of the hostility of
the Bourbons to the spirit of the age. The means of
preventing the expression of public opinion in France are
*ell known; and it frequently breaks into irresistible ac.

The French papers affect to be extremely sanguine as
•
to the result of the attack babe made on the Isle de Leon
on the Day of the fete of St. Louis. One of them remarks
that when Cadis was before attacked by the French, it was
defended by 25,000 English, Spanish, and Portuguese
troops; while it has now but 8,000 ; and that on the prior
occasion; the English had the dominion of the Sea ; while
the ascendancy there now is In favour of the French. The
account should have gone on to add, that en the blockade
by Napoleon the French army was of three times its pre-
sent strength,—that it was well officered, and well ap-
pointed—that it bad nothing to apprehend from any move-
ments in its rear—and that, with all these advantage efit
never ventured to make one serious attack. The parade wits
which the French talk of this intended enterprise convinces us
that if made, it will have been forced upon them by circum-
stances. Every day weakens their strength. In a short
time the prevalence of contrary winds would drive away
their squadron, and thus disappoint them of any co-opera-
tion by sea. If, therefore, they meditate an attempt to carry
the place by force of arms, this is the moment for them to
make the effort; but ti:e chances against their succeeding
are as a hundred tonne. If Bellaateros be yet honest is
intention, and has only entered into i silly convention upon
the expectation of an arrangement with the Cortes, his pe-
tition enables Him, on resuming hostilities, to do consider-
able mischief to the French before Cadiz; and in the event
of the disorganization of the blockading army, by the de-
feat of the contemplated attack, the raising of the blockade'
will be a matter of sheer necessity.
The French say, that" all is going on well in Catalonia,"
and if they are satisfied, the friends of the Constitutional
cause have no right to be otherwise. Not a fortress there
is yet taken ; and the blockades, as they are called, ate
miserable farces. For instance, we are told that the
"6 corps of Militia and Lloberas, having lost all hopes of
" retiring on the Sen d'Urirel (though they were a day's.
" march in advance of the French, and could choose their
route) made a movement en Tarragona; but being
" closely fbllowed, a part of them could only get in that
" place ; and 51ilans, with a part of his force, was 44'4
to take a position without the walls of that town,theideek.'
ad. of which was perfectly prepared. The Marshal Duke
"of Corn eglia no no woccupi th his head quarters,a village
" almost under the walls of Tarragona, and a ;mayor troops
" aiameuvred yesterday,preparatory to an attack on Milans."
This is the drollest account we ever read; though the
New Times calls it a excellent ;" and says Milans is
" locked op in 'I arragona !" In plain English, the account
stands this:—Milans having been locked rep in Barcelona,
thinks proper to unlock himself, and amnee himself with
several days' march through the province. The French
pursue him; that is, they follow at a very respectfal dis-
tance; and though he travels with a convoy of swine and
400 bullocks, they never overtake him. They suppose he
is marching to relieve the Sen d'Urgel ; and they leave his
way quite open; but when be turns into the direction of I
Tarragona, they say lie " has lost all hopes of retiring
upon the Seu," upon which lie was in reality advancing ;
and lie then chuses to march upon a town. " the blockade
"of which was perfectly prepared." As he was closely
followed, of canes, he was about to place himself between
the fire of his pursuers, and the blockaders of Tarragona.
But with his usual good fortune, a part el his force, (pro-
bebly
the swine and the bullocks,) get into the town.
without any resistance from the blockaders; while Milano
himself, and part of his army, though so very " closely'
pursned," instead of hiding themselves in the town.
which they must have had time enough to enter, take
up a position outside Me walls! Well, of course, the
pursuers came up with them now ! There they have thee,
—the gates shut—and no retreat possible ! But no—net
yet. The French and the army of the Faith are not ready I
although Moncey himself is at a village almost under the
walls of Tarragona ; and mast therefore be within sight of
the position which ()metal Miens is said to have taken
np.outside these very walls—and which certainly looks more
like contempt for, than fear of, the French boasters. The
French are proceeding still better in Gallicie, where they
seem determined to externs; rate all traces of theConstitutio. -
al party ; as they inform us that they have detached a Loin
a Lugo two squadrons of cavalry in pursuit of the Coostitn.
" tionalists. whom Oenerals Morino and Larocbjsquelin aro
" efrioing before them in all parts of Galicia." We sup.
pose, this is " to make asentance doubly sure, and take a
o bond of fate Otherwise. Morillo and the Frenchman
might bee been permitted to finish their owls work. as
Asir opposes's *tie turning sway so fast bef.re them.
The goodiniripie of Paris runt be mightily amused by the
lopressl eti glee statements.
; r • '1" • ••••••••4111■1mr..."

The Government it CAW has very properly wok the
King answer with his own hand. the insolent proposal,
irf the Duke trAngoolense :--;Whetber Ferdinand did tide

ton, before it is imagined to exist. We are, therefore, not
without hope that the disgust at the unprincipled in.
vasion Spain, which mast be common to all right
feeling minds; is concentrating itself for some other me.
morable display of public indignation in France; and tint
many months will not elapse before the Bourbons are as
impotent, and as insignificant, as they have proved them.
selves ungrateful and unjust. To see them again begging
for the support of the people,• and promising in the most
abject terms to behave better for the future, is a lesson
which France owes to the world,- for the folly and weak.
seas of having consented to receive; upon any terms, tint
family as its rulers :—and we will not despair of hating
such a lesson to read, until we can suppone that Frsore
has lost all traces of that spirit which so recently gate
her the lead among the nations of the earth.

The new Emperor of the Brazils has made a long sprreh
'on the assembly of what he calls the representatives of the
people:—but we gather from several portions of this royal
harangue, that be means to have more of the Emperor is
the composition of his dignity, than comports with i.e
character of a free nation. The representatives are abet,
to frame a Constitution; and he hopes that it will se
such a one as he can accept! Now, if they were witr,
their Constitution would not recognize as Emperors
and. least of all, would it agree to consult what the
Emperor would like. However, for an Emperor, le
talks very seU ; and, with a tight Constitutional curb, k
may behaie well enough, until the Brazilians are air
enough to perceive that self joyernment is by far the cheer
est and the best. This knowledge they are likely to 11144
at a very early period, as they are In the vicinity of a variety
of new States, which, not being blessed wish any roiliest
royalty, have been obliged to make the best sbiftthey could
without it ; and, considering all things, they have done to.
lerably well—we not having hoard of either blight or
famine, " partents in the air, or prodigies on earth," %shirk
could be fairly attributed to the want of Bing, or
Emperor, since the name of liberty was first meow:Had in
the new world.

The Government of Columbia has declared that all the
children of slaves, born after a given date, shall be fret.—
This practicable and decisive method of abolishing slavery is
worthy of Me immedia►e imitation of both America and
England, as the only means of proving that they are sheers
In their professions of tusking for the extermination of slavery
All the pleas usesily put io of danger to property are Melly
excluded by this measure ; and milking bet a determinating to
perpetuate slavery, can be attributed to those,,who do not n-
en themselves to obtain such a law in the English colonies.—
If danger were any where to be apprehended by such a rate-
sure,it would be in a new State, and in the unsettled cm:dines
of a country just forming out of a revolutionary chaos; ald
we shall never Five any credit to Mr. Wilberforce in Mum
fur any sincerity upon this single topic, until he takes
this ground, Ct.r the abolition of the slate-trade.—
Upon other ladies he has no credit for sincerity
from us: since the sufferings of the Irish peasantry. set
the common slavery of all his countrymen te the Bereughllit
titer moves him hot to any exertion in ;hell favoor ; eon team
reprobsti. n of the system under which they sKe plundered sad.
oppressed.

!hit% Naws.—A morning paper sagaciously observes this
there is more ministerial influence lu the House of Cornmeal st
present, than there was some years ago, when the number of
sand pensioners and placemen in the house was greater thu
it is now. Our readers will think this rather a late 4iicOseel
fora London Newspaper to make ; after the almost limners
hie demonstrations of the fact they must have wad in oar err
lumns, and elsewhere. The secret of the Minister hes bees ti
pension the member through his family; and by this meant ts
have a stronger hold of him, thin he could have through'
mere personal interest. A man might throw op a pertital
bribe to serve the Minister, when be was pressed to do to
*dirty rerv'ce— who would hesitate to injure hirfamilyky
Islet of oompunctuous honesty.

Yesterday en extraordinary courier arrived from Spsi!.
with advice* from Madrid of the 27th, and from Pod ht.
Mary's of the 23d nit. A letter has been addressed by the
Doke d'Anuoulease to Ferdinand VI t., proposing, op memo
terms, to make peace with the Spanish nation, and accord'
ing to the hest information that can be obtained, the made_
in which the propositions have been replied to was the fal•
Owing ; —Ferdinand, who addresses his letter is his"'
handwriting: to "Monseigneur k Dee et mos Cousin
bogie, by stating "that he is free, and that if he bowl-
," freed any curtailment of his liberty, it has only wawa
" as laVadlng fusee entered his dominions, kr the

••• ' t•
• J-1J 7.t t
