being taken oat of iSpanieh fort in the midatof peace,
andln the regularitzercise of +is profassioss aia British
There can be no doubt of the troth of all
this, as I have linen a letter to Mr. Gamble from a
tteteon at Pensacola, who sends him the hotrible par-
ticulars. I therefore feel it my duty as a man, and
as a British subject, to protest in the strongest man-
ner in behalf of the Indian Chiefs, against the tree-.
cheroo. murdersand robberies committed against them'
by the United States, end to do all in my power to ob-
tain for them the protection promised by his Majes-
ty's Government during the war and after the peace.
There is no possible way in which their interests can
be guarded but by having a British Resident among
them, a situation I would myself willingly und!rrake,
or at least visit them once a-year. But let me pit-
tore to you, as en individual case, the situation of the
gallant Chief HMOs Haden, betrayed into the power
of his enemies by the deception of hoisting British
colours on board of an American brig, and put to
death by General Jackson, absolutely executed like
a felon on a gallows, which the Indians account as
the greatest possible ignominy, instead of allowing
him the death of a brave warrior, a character he
ever possessed. I understand that he told his execu•
tioners with a noble scorn, that Great Britain wag
bound to, and would, avenge his death. I find it
difficult to restrain my feelings in speaking of this
act of baseness and inhumanity. The wife of Ilidtis
Hadgo is left a forlorn widow ; his children are aban-
doned to a miserable fate in the swamps; and all this
for no other crime than that he was the faithful friend
of Great Britain. I trust this case will be represented
to the humane heart of his Royal Highness the Prince
Regent, who will not, I know, forsake the widow
and orphans of a man whose death was caused by his
attachment to this country. The Indians knew very
well, for that truth was most antioualy impressed
upon them, that they must be destroyed if they went
to war with the United States at a time when Great
Britain was at peace; and they have most carefully
'abided any step that might lead to a quarrel: but
the fact is, that the Americans want their lands; and
if we do not interfere, the poor Indian will cer.
tainly fall a prey to his enemies."

PRINCIC HltTtti•DAT.—Holiday at the Public

THE STATESMAN.

a

• 4-:

vice—uothltig so necessary to put dot OW tartlet
of misrule add abuse. Are. Minhters disposed to
identify themselves with the soppOrtert Of this abo-
minable system ? If so, Reform is the more neces-
sary in that part of the Government which is the root
and protection deli these evils ; end it is thirtrouti-
den duty, as much as it is the interest of the People
•
of Scotland, to persevere with redoubled energy in
their efforts, to free themselves from the mire of cor-
ruption and abject slavery, in which it is still at-
tempted to keep them.
t`t, 11.1;
We have inserted un eztract from an authentic
Expose of the state of the Austrian finances, which
appears to be published with the view of creating
a honorable impression of the resources of the
Austrian Government, and the confidence placed
in it. This official (for we' suppose we may call
it so) representation of the increasing wealth of
a country, which is our debtor to a great amount
in borrowed money, is well worthy the often-
lion of our Ministers. There are points in it too
I which deserve particular observation for other rea-
sons. They suggest an involuntary contrast with
some features of our own state of improvement, and
the Government policy that has given us so many
topics for 46 gratifying consideration." The debt of
Austria during the three last wars has been very little
increased,notwithstanding all her losses and difficulties,
whilst that of England has been accumulating to an
enormous amount, producing ruinous effects incal-
culable. The Austrian Government, it seems, yet
makes loans with foreign houses on conditions that
would be thought impossible in Vienna. Our Mini-
sters can make loans no where but on conditions
that beggar the,nation, yet are perpetually adding to
the Public burdens, and in spite of all the boasted
improvement of the Revenue, increasing the financial
distresses of the country.

Paris Papers, to the 9th instant have reached us.
They still afford us no information on the topics we
most wish to be enlightened. The Private Cor-
respondence is rather more communicative. The
Baron de VITKOLLES, implicated in the late Plot,
appears to have been examined by the proper officers,
but no particulars are tlinlosed. M. DE CHATEAU-
BRIAND has written another pamphlet, to discoun-
tenance all helief in the reality of the Ultra.
Royalist Plot, alleging that in a Representatire Go-
vernment there can be no conspiracies bet those of
wit and talent ; by means of which weapons, if the
Royalists be not denied their use, he seems to
threaten the overthrow of the existing Ministry.—
now clever these Royalists must he! What ad-
mirable reasoning. The " Noble Viscount" as the
Times sass, seems to forget that there may be plots
of fools and madmen, with which men of genius
would have no concern, and which most men of ge-
nius would feel themselves disgraced by endeavour-
ing to screen from punishment. M. CIIATEAUBRIAND
is also represented in this little book, which he de-
dicates to "the events of the passing hour," to ar-
gue against the truth of the Conspiracy from its being
so extremely improbable. This neither corresponds
with logic, nor with common sense. If facts be
stated, it is ridiculous to talk of their being im-
probable; the only question is, 66 Are they true ?"
and that is a matter of evidence, not of argu-
mentation.

Another affair has raised some commotion amongst
the gossips of Paris, viz. en intended duel between
the Royalist Duke DE FITZJAMES, a person well
known in this country, •nd M. JODY, one of
the Proprietors of and Writers in the Minerva;
which duel was fortunately preve►►ted from taking
place by the Duke thinking fit to beg the Author's
pardon,after they met upon the fighting ground! The
story is narrated in an article from a Private Cor-
respondent in another part of our Paper. Strung
measures are held out by the friends of Ministers
as being necessary for the restraint of the Ultra.
Royalist party, whose feelings and machinations are
considered to be directly opposite to the sentiments
of the People at large.
Immense military works are carried on at Cob.
lents and in its neighbourhood, by order of the
Prussian Government, to meet the -contingency of
the evacuation of the French frontier by the Allied
forces.

We are glad to learn through the medium of these
Papers, that the Prince Regent of ENGLAND has
formed into a fund, for the purposes of education
and of charity, those ecclesiastical domains of the
suppressed Bishoprick of Osnaburgh, which were not
alienated by its Revolutionary Governments, and
which still remain, therefore, in the bands of the
Crown.

According to an article, of the 25th sit., from Ms.
drid, Hs Catholic Majesty continued at Sacedon,
where his Ministers daily transacted business with
him. Couriers were frequently dispatched to Foreign
Coorts ; an activity which, it is remarked, is by no
means surprising, considering the political situation
of Spain. The differences with the United States are
represented, and we believe with much troth, as hay.
ing rendered the relations of Spain with her Colonies
more perplexing than ever. WP much question whether
her applications to the other Powers of Europe will
have the result of estricating her from her difficulties.
The Emperor ALEXANDER has revoked the Order
issued by his- Ministers, for turning sway the fol.
lowers of Madame KRUDENER. The whole of them,
amounting to 18 or 20 individuals, have been allowed
to go back to Russia, and to reside with their High
Priestess on her estate in Livonia.—The Fite per
Cents. Left off, on Friday, at 781. 20c.
