the manufacturers contended against any abai
being given to agriculture, they did not however,
pray that the House would give them a -speeches '
in 'their own trade by prohibiting the Im- Appel
of foreign watches and clocks. lie wished to hea'
Gentlemen who called so loudly for free- been
dom of trade in one respect, would he content that it earl
should he equally ftee in other points. Ile hoped that for
tttg Spiculturar• interest would also petition the afro'
tlCirse that no greater protection or encouragement that
'should begiven.to ether classes of his Majesty's sub- appea
,jects than to them. The same measure of protection parr
should be "mild out to all. the'.
Mr. ROJE thepetitionwas not for the
said the(
prohibition 'of the importation of foreign watches fair/
anti clUckg, bdt against a fraudulent importation ; sat'
and the petitioners dentauded no other protection *eh
but the enforcing that which the laws had already
;given them. pay
fir l NEWPOtT said, that he had not enaL
ti_heratiss,ru_ fitutlls: rest, ou
misunderstood the petition; its object was tp reader
Mr. } ZG ERA D -
„,t4trecikal the ponnooly now existing.
expr
Sir W. cuttrts said, that the objec9bi the pea •. Arnd
Bon Was principally to prevent foreignlenittbes beiug the
marked as Enatish made outs. .
hit(
bIr.ISARTI:kM was.at a loss to understand what'.
the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Rose) meant by !id
fraudulent importation, if there did not exist a pro. eh
billition. lie saw very little difference between the
, cases. As to the Petitions against the Corn Bills, the
be thought, that in the present inflamed state of the . ant
public mind, the ',rouse could not legislate with of
safety at present. Such a degree of alares and fer-'
meat hail been excited, that it would perhaps be
: bite
better to wait until metes minds were more calm. tha,
It was indeed extraordinary that such an appeal from I 7
that -House to the people should have been made by nu,__
any Member, and more extraordinary that it should Mr. CANNING
have came from the quarter that it had proceeded.—
..No man, either at Palace-yard or Copenhagen-
Louse,
bad ever gone so far as to address them upon
that most delicate of ail subjects, the price of 'pro. !
iisions. It was not that it required any abilities to !
touch upon this subject. Every man r9ight have
done so if he had thought proper, but no man had tto
thought it proper. The country was now itt.such.oH 04;
'situation, that the House dared trot to legislate—[E/les !
of Order! Order! and the Speaker informed the Hon. egi
Member, that such expressions were disorderly].— !on
He had intended in the next sentence to have ex- I TI
plained the sense in which he had used the word, and . bei
he then thought it would not be considered unparlia- thi
:limitary. When he had said they dared not legislate,' he
he only meant that they dared not risk any measure, . rat
the consequences of which might probably be pro-
ductise of much greater evils than those against lie
which they wished to legislate. Those men who, in Mal
the case of corn, cried out so loudly, that every
thing ought to be left to find its level, were not at ft,
all o that opinion when it came to be their own case. • should lie on the table.
lie believed there was no Member in that House, ! •gj • W BFRF011C"
•
who had.come down oftener to contend against that ! fer
princ:ole that, the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Rose) hit
bia:self 6,r what were all the various regutations col
stud bounties he had proposed, with respect to dif-
fereot articles of our export and import, but to en- so
courage and protect different manufactures, and not I had
to leave 411 em terthe mere ptinciple of every thing i ha•
fulling its. level ? In fact, it was easy to prose ;env
, -
that a bounty on one article acted as a tax upon I in;

prt
tiol
me,

fil
kl
m;

+sßite ,
Mr.ROSE said, that this was the very first time
that he had heard from any Member of Parliament,
that there could be no fraudulent importation; unless
there Was a prohibition. It was known that :tidiest
every article which was imported was subject to a
duty, and the evasion of that duty. *as of itself a
'r'---'l'raudtilent importation. So much frii-fEithielAgetice,..
skill, and understanding, of the non. Gentleman !
As it was absolutely necessary that the country should
find a revenue, it was natural to Ily duties on all
articles imported. If he were to be charged with
having excited a ferment and agitation in the country,
he should only say, that he had done nothing to
produce the ferment, except merely expressing his
sentiments in that House as a Member of Parliament.
What object could any man suppose he could possibly
have in creating a ferment in the country ? The fact ,
was, that to his own Constitutents he had sent down ►
nothingtuethe naked Resolutions which had been ;
passed by that, House. The feeling of the people it
conid not have been excited by any act of his, as it ,„,
bad broken-16 Kit spontaneously in almost every pact ; w
of the country at the same time; and those numer.
ous petitions with which the table of the House was a,
covered had not, as he believed, been the effect of; t,
any solicitation. ' He thought that there was n6thing II
better to be done at present than to postpone the, bt,
question for another Session, when the whore sub,'
ject might be temperately and fully considered: q,
Mr. lINRILAM, in explanation said, that he had
spoken only' of the effect piidated, and bad not
t It!pd the Ltipt Rob. Gentleman the' author of
tAnoitiortytriptiner
• It .1 I Thsibted, that the prayer
of this petition, had for its•object to confirm a duty !+
which amounted to a prohibition on foreign watninisliej
. / and clocks. The Right Lion. Gentleman (Mr. Rose):;i(
pod been so much accustomed to being an authors'
thet he seemed to have quite forgotten that h 4 not 1*
only made that speech in Parliament, but afterwards
published it; and, by so doing, he thought that IS
had greatly contributed to the ferment now'existl4.4l.
Ile must insist, that the menufactfires had no right V/
call. for protecting duties for theniselred, Itikey
unwilling that other classes of his Majestyfighjeast ,
alteuld hare equal protection. This wet am fittrtrw,bour.,
they .shotild be content that protection* sii4sta4.oiCE,infieg
• meted oat to all classes:with An equal measurei.oeo
they should not call for it thetnierees..Witi it not
hard, that while protection was extended to other
4tasses, the landholder should milker be et all pro.
tected from the competition of foreign agrichltate,
nor even allowed to export their own produce when
It would bring the highest price? Why should they
he prevented from selling their woo) and other pro.
duce to other count tiesrif this principle of free trade
was to be applied so strictly to the Importation? He
hoped that when the House. came to legislate on the
.tuhject they would adopt the principle of affording
%equal protection to all classes.
• :k;i- P ROT 11E110 14,. said; that' he had hopedilitit
the many petition, which had been brought up against
this measure would have induced the authors to hate

gresi
beir

sy f t
of ion
si to to
opoly
rtation i
th t tirnse

. .. •
.. rruz.isigiltssalAN. - • v______________,,..: :-.,r:
.. • .
... .
______,,,,,N,---.,-..---.________:,-_ • ---;---- - , ,
I do with w
ri ned it a good grace. He as sorry,,
ed. with his approbation, y lin trusted'. t. ,he conceived it impossible for the • Commit* terms .- 1
•
°oho. Wight* brought to gi7e ikiiisictsluients when tire- castigatethe measure soas to afford g. .it ral sa fit;
waver, to. pereeire in 'the tone of many
e price of
itches he had beard te.night, an. ehellitiou of dip.. stances; were fully.considered. N there weilea`•pro- tiOn. The docuerentsvroduced were, iu Ate. •,,,i
?ointment and angry feeling. He did not expect perfectly lie did n
penalty in France to continue the•Slase Trade, he satisfactory. , i
not know what was '-' ,
hear so strong and unprovoked an attack as had 1 thoughthe could relieve the Honourable Gentleman's meant about his having assumed prices; hat he w"
!ii made this night :. he conceived that it was un. i feelings, by assuring him that Holland does not par- confidently persuaded, that any one act a the Cum..
ilia mentary„ and.sho wed a want of proper.firemesss , take of that sentiment. Respecting the questioa•as nittee would have a tendency to raise ti
• 'any Member of that House to say that he was : far as Prance is concerned, he was perfectly prepar. Corn; and its appointment, at the -present dm
e,
aid to do his duty. The Hon.. Gentleman had said ed to take all the responsibility upon himself. —lle could answer no scrod end. •
~ 11, 1 •
it he 'was surprised nt the quarter from which an Is would.even now assure the Honourable Gentleman, .r. 4 a replied, and insisted that or
t
peal to the people .had taken place : he, for hise that belied acted under the strongest and most posi- former occasions, when the importation price' wag •
rt felt as mucb surprise at the.euarter from which : live instructioes to press the abolition in every way, hi: hest the market rice wig lower,-. ..--- '
1
opposition to. the declared voice of the people pro..', and if he had partially yielded, it was only under ..' r. ..e.' " .. .. . contended 'that- et.
stied. When the whole subject should be fully ma' the conviction that we could not attempt to dictate investigation was absolutely necessitys.as withettres t •
rly considered, and when the people should be', without injurious consequences to two great coun- I the peoplewouldnet have an opportunity of knows
tistied that the interests of England and Scotland tries. Lie del not, however, despair that the court- I ing the eery great losses the farMers. were riow suss s s
!re fairly taken into the scale, as well as those of Cils of France would be conducted on a liberal and Itaining. The unjust accusation he laboured under
eland, then lie had no doubt but that they would enlightened policy, which would ultimately effect out of doors, in consequence of the cote he ha, given..
tiently submit, es it was their duty to do, to such the desired ohject ; and he conscientiously felt that was a heavy misfortune ; for it hid beetesaidolletoi
actments as the legislature should, on' mature de- confiding this subject to the discretion of the great taking the, part he had done, he had beeneetuatee I
western_ finally resee on. 1 Monarch who was so happily re-established on the sordid motives. It was not his object re' les - a
n
Mr, FITZGER LAD was much surprised at the throne of France, would be more likely to effect its exorbitant rents, but on the coutrary he would *0
pressions and tone of the.llonourable Gentleman, ends than any effort would 'have been to fotZ:e a poll- . tend that the rent ucitherbearsetuy proportion to the
Id more especidlly at he ,had-risen with condemning ciptehich.the understandings of his subjects ,were not , farmer's loss, . nor to his expenses. .The ammo"
e tone used by others. When the public feeling at present prepared to adopt. It was certainly antis- issued by the Right Hon. Gentlemen (Mr. Rose) :.
id been excited in so high a degree (and hiatipeeches factory to know, that so great a country as France lagainst the landed interest was perfectly sefoundel ' •
id contributed not a little to that excitement), w,hy has already adopted the policy of an entire and one., and he hoped that he would now come forward, • '
li lie now throw out the insinuation that not only versa) abolition at no very distant period of time.— admit that he was mistaken.
A Movers of the Resolutions, but that the liqnse of ,As to the Emperor of Russia, he would not wish ", Igr.ROSE denied' with much warmth, that he bad
ommons, which adopted them, were careless about ] the feelings of that milighted Monarch to be more : ever made any accusation against the landed interest
• interests of thepeople of England and Scotland, :.carious and energetic on the subject than lie (Lord , On the contary, he had alway‘esie that the mane
id legislated principally with a view to the interests : C.) could authoritatively state theca to he; the King facturing and the agricultural interests ought to gw
' the Sister Kingdom ?So far from joining the Hon. ,of Prussia and the Emperor sof* Aostria, were also hand in hand together. ,He begged tbe are Gene "
T
!ember, in wishing the measure to be abandoned , unequivocally in favour of an universal abolition; to point oat what the accusation Was, a,64 jo what .-
together, if lie wished it to be now delayed, it was and at the future Congress, his Hon. Friend might usrt of his heels it was to be found. . •
at it might not he ultimately defeated. I rely upon their perfect coincidence, even to the : s Mr. L.WELLESLLY relied, that, if his memory ...
Mr. PROTHEROE said a few words in expla.,! very point of success which would accord with his ' -served him, lie did accuse the Landholders of obtais: '
Rion. . wishes. lie therefore trusted that when the subject in exolbitatit rents. ..
Mr. CANNING rose, not for the purpose of came to be fully discussed, it would be found that • Mr. ROSle- rejoined, that the words " exorbitant
rolonging the debate, but to recal to the recollec. his Majesty's Government had in no degree, relaxed rents" were there; but they were the words of lAN
on of the House that the preterit question was in this important point of their duty : but that they Curwen,
.one of the greatest, agriculturists in the
erely on the receiving the petition from certain had acted under a conscientious persuasion thaethey country, and not his words. if the lionyGentlemaa • '
etch-makers. He should humbly submit it to the were only embarking with more certainty of success had read the tract with a little more attention; tt
idgment of the Ilouse and its Members, whether it in a cause, the gaining of which was required as would have been impossible foz:.itim ta misuuder.
rap likely to be a cure for the inflammation that much by religious duty as general spolicy.—He stall it/ ' • .
. .
ow existed in the public.mind, to have this subject would say nothing farther on the topic at present ; AreJ. P. GRANT would votie .:In Thyme' of the
ixed up with the consideration of every question but merely conclude with moving (fiat the. Papers CoMmittee, heeauseshe was anxious not that it should
).which it could possibly be introduced. All were 410 e Laken into consideration on Thursday seeinight. instruct the House hut the people,. as the letter are . •
greed in, deprecating the discussion of this subject ! Lord MILT-ONthought that nothing less was to very likely to be misled. But Members would be' •
it any ideas of self-interest in any particular class. be expected from France than that, as she had re.ac. performing their duty very ill, .if they were to be is. 1
'he question of the Corn Laws would loon. cense gaited her colonies, she should eudeevourto carry . fluenced by such clamours as were abroad.—Altimugh 1
efore them reghlarly in its turn, and he thought • on the Slave Trade ; and on the other hand it wale, he WHO --convinced that • the direct' tetialeacy of this ,
hat discussing it irregularly at present would not ; not very surprising 'that, Prussia, and Aus. measure avould.be te reduce the resice of breed,•ese I
ate the effect of producing a more calm and tempo- , WA, who kad no colonies,' should be ready,tepre. he would rather Sacrificeihe !advantage of it, than 's
ste discussion of it hereafter. I mote the abolition of. that trade. But as the trade that the people should not have full time feu saes-
, . ,
The petition was then received, and ordered to. was now only beginning to be advantageous to the' Eying themselvei 'ad-16 • its real nature. ,It . required
eon the table.
iiielerminerg"FP:. ATYOFPE A C. r.. 41.1.1111911111111 they be expected to aimed/an it .when. it becomes; every mime thatit would directly tend to,the Cent-
Lord CASTLEREAGH brought up a copy of the I much more advantageous ? Was' his Noble Ftiemt forte of, the poor,• as welt Hite- give -due encourage. '
s -, .
reaty of Pence with France, and moved that it ! prepared to say, that the non-fulfilment of this tat- ',-reent 'to the • Landlisittiere . 11e trusted the"Ceirse
hould lie on the table. . I cte of the Treaty respecting the Slave Trade would teibtee'etenid`"ket-0469'eleenei le "'senile the int. ','
• Mr. WILBERFORCE could not avoid saving ai be sufficient to authorise a new war with France?—Wan toil *. -7- '• ' , •
. ,
ew words ors the present occasion. He could assure llf so, all his promises of the blessings of peace Mere. . r. -spo sin lamer of the landed in- ,
is Noble Friend (Load Castlereagh), that he .was 1 worse than nothing, and would only luieus into falser serest. It was not till fifie'priee of ill articles bad
,
(minced that lie hid used his. beet exertions to se- ; security. ! fallen, in regelateprosinitton; that the rents.could be
ure that object whicl the Meuse and the.poirlio had 1 , The question for the Papers to lie on the table loweretee Hs Was convtucetfthat.ilii country could
o much at heart: at the same time,.any one who *, beiegcarried, . • - --- - --- . , produce, %corn - enough for its own:coesemptern, and
'ad indulged wenn expectations that .France could I Lord CAS'rLErtgAGir moved that:they he con.`. in propection'ati Vie.farmeriricreasril. bittern, he in-
lay° been prevailed upon to join us heartily in ',the I sidered- on Friday se'nnight,-instead of Theftidayi creased ev.ery OthfLarticiton_Wernif - I
noire ribolitkin of the Sieve 'feeder, 'reeet have bees,. slat first °potted, which was agreed to Mr. aIAItaS,BURRELI. said' it was incum-
ouch disappointed in finding that theelirbolltiorreifeass CO-PN LAWS. bent on a Amt. corn try . l ike . thieves . take care •r
lot immediately to take pace. •At present it was The CHANCELLOR.: of the EXCHEQUER' one set Of intere-itins well es of anhtlyor. lie thooglit
inowe filet France had no Slate 'Cretin; but. whets Toyed that the several Petitions against the alter*, the landed interest might be allowed to spare a por-
nany colonies had been restored to France, with the tidn of the Corn Laws be referrgd to a Select Core. (ion of their resourcessfer ;the benefit of their ere:
understanding that the Slave Trade was to continue mitten. . . , 1 Oren in .the Weit.tridies. .Tiseclemour out of does,
'or a certain
.number a year., whetevas that but 'On theenestion•being pate • e 1 was unfounded.. These were trimly points partici.
. , . . ~ .
eving up great numbers of Africans te all those mi- Mr. W..smtTH said, vatinel.similar measure was lady oppressive on -fee egrieelteralsinterest. TIM
ieries froth which.we wished to hate saved them ?---.. I proposed some time ago, beliedexpressed himself in taxes were real be:eking:on le; partietilarly.the A 4.,
He must suppose that the Noble Lord sins jUStitied Javour of it , • but' he had' objetted 'that there was not sessed Taxes, the Property:. Tax, end the Poor's
sy some very strong and imperious necessity, hat Otte for the:lfouse.to do any thing effectual in it dor- Rates, which were not felt by the shipping interestl
;till, he must deeply lament that such a sacrifice !big the present Session. The Committee night come ' and others. Atnong the.direct taxes on the (armee,
should have been found necessary. In his viescof .to the wisest possible .contiusioese but if they',, did, that on hinetandry horses was most oppressive, asse
the subject, it appeared to him the auerender of s I they could' effect rio good.; and, if the motion was- 'of even ultimately felt on Corn ; the consequence
great part of Africa and many thienends of human) persisted in, lie would oppose the Committee. He• thiese taxes must necessarily put a greater price on it,
beingi to deliberate robbery and Murder. Itswas ; was not guided in his conduct by any apprehen- or not grow a quantity in proportion to his laboer.
not merely to give vent to:his feelials on this 'object sions of violence of any kind being offered either to —The operation of the tax on malt was also more
that he had risen, but beiseesi there were other tree- the House, or to any one belonging to it ; but there severe on the agriculturist even than. the Property
ties still to be concluded;,lq which he trusted that ' was not time for any Committee to give the subject Tax. It-was•brought forward by Mr. Pitt as a wit
our interference might be. more. effectual. We had due and mature consideration. Much lied been said tax, and it hod tdrned out a molt oppressive Oats
not as yet signed the' treaty with Holland, and when in the course of the debate about exciting the people slot only on the farmer bat the poorer sires, whose
we were on the point of ceding to her such large and to petition. In that city which' lie had the honour morals ns well as privations it had affected: . heed,.
important settlements, he thought that we might to-represent, and from which he had that day pre- the Psistence of this tax, the poor man entitOree.
well insist on the 'slave Trade being there abolished. • fleeted a Petition signed by upwards' of le,ooo per. his own beer, but now he never tastes sucheeeverage
What was the Slaveeeride, . but tearing a number of fens, there had been a meeting, at-which upwards of except in the house of his employer, iie,ifsX, Peblics.
human beings front their homes and their Country, '7OO persons were present, and there vas btkt one house,. aud here he acquires -a preference•fessespiriis
and consigning them and their descendants for evere. opinion, and certainly no means taken to excite.-L— to the injury of his pocket Add bie,heeftiallle hoped,
to slavery. To fix any particular time for the also- : The people there were all •of one epinion, " that that the Committee weiediaeteinleieletfallye. and nota
labile •Of the trade, was 'to give a premium to em- the measure should be postponed.eThe Houee'hed look to'a mieerable popularity, by yielding to w4ti.;
barkibtflii.ft OM that iime should
_anise. ,it re. ,it in (heir power to give satisfaction' o the- people or they cenceivc to be a aneral opinicia.. •••• ''';••11,.
minded hereof a text46Scripture which had been : dissatisfaction. Ile should prefer the former ;.,necl,•• Lord A. lIA-MILTOII spoke egreeee thn pee,
. .•
quoted on a former • • on; this sobjetti " Woe ;therefore, akmost of the Petitions praysia to have the, meet. Cemmittee, which he thought,perfectif •
to the inhabitants of the cart the devi is crime , measure slefeered till next Session,. he tilusedde * - alarms. It was quite impossible 'for 'a
upon the- earth- with: fist his time is , fortuity with the sentimepttes4elipi4itiliiit; te. . ter to undertake such an investigation with ette
chart:' Such ' lie feateri 'Wield be the condition : isuler the Coiginittee. jag '..- _ . - ':"S. !I slightest hope of being able to found any measinte, •
.5 • 1-..., .l,
of 'Afrlia,' if the.lave 't ratie were only to continue i .. vEsTERN was inieleleurealthetecommittem on their Resolutions this Session. 11' it were *ea.
~ ,
'A few years, longer.
.11elloped that the Noble Lord'. He lamented the mode-in which- the itastion had bie toproduce their Report in three weeks, the di...
onighl yet' OW some means of *hecking the mischief, , been argued both in and out of the. Ileum., viz. on 'cession woeld take op three weeks more, and at the,
'lse swellmitittiaa 44.tile.abialpet of siavesimpartml, . the assumption, ther,..4 the measure ware carriedi it end ofloiy.tbey *held hail to send tite..,%1.1 to qt...
ior'ortho tonnage of Vessels allowed to be employed i must, of course, rates the. prime of •-corn, ..te, which. for Lords their opiuiim. -Ba, felt. some •embarrnsto:
in the tile, Weocere now taiede to France large assumption he'. *4 convinced. tiviy_iiiii aiistaicee ; ' merit at -swinge egelest the 'proposition ; but,
sittfelmeir :'on ilies SOO oast kof Africa, which had for derine. elieeenWele time of the Prohibitor/ Acts,. thought it awknefdTor the-House to be pledged t
'.n6irtoi-enita ears enjoyed a s'eet of. repose, and a period or 68rars, the-prices oteatk ID this coun- a measure mid•then be ohliged to abandon it. - ffie..,,(
ei
WWII VS '
...)ihtli since directed their exertious to* try were nete ere low.. He hoesid'o4.COmmittee sides, it was *imperssiblesto form may rule of pricier
it i.. . ..
• •
AO.' hump!' rsa fs. 1111 repose he foiled would • would be fortned of other Memeneitte lean the last," while the situatimi of the country may be so different .
tliii:Onir llNfafirrie requiensque doloris ';" and that , and *hen proper information Ai girt
..ci ~ it,. and in the course of six mouths; from what it is at pre- e
"• ,
there would be again ware stirred up between vil-,, the matter seriously, fairly, andlis, e - tely in- sent. At, this eital the tiourse of Exchange was 30 s' "
lage and village, and between neighbour arid 'neigh. I vestigated, he had no doubt but • . uspicions per cent. against use, but even two. months might '
,1)0ur..,, He expressed a strong hope, that the great I which now crated so much alarm nos . ell. hedone mac a.. material• eifference, and in six,. we hada , ,
;,.Einlieviikr Alexander would be ready to connect his away. The - information wanted was not •iery ex- right to* expect the abolition of 'the Property Tees
ti'ame with the abolition of this the greatest evil which tensive; nothing • more would be necessary; in • bis and the restoration of our Currency. Thus it
, now afflicts the earth. 'Wes the period. of general, opinion, but to rake thitareregkprices eleceeneurieg - would be impossible for the Committee to, offer eq. li
' joy throughout Europe to be the time for letting a given number of.yearse and compare them with the oeinimeas to prices cornett year, without knowing •
. ' I
Won wer,,,ln its most cruel and savage form, among ' -orgsenit prices:, '.. how far the war taxes are to be modified.' •
the innocere .t 'netiens of. Africa?, .He hiped that NIr. D. BROWN (Member for Mayo), spoke in • The.CTlAlerrrLUlt oT the EXCHEQUI*., ''; I
• ,
the Belle Lorid would still 6 able. o prevail on the favour of 014 egricigtOral interests generally, which thought the House should wait for the Report of OW 't
principal 'Pewees 4 &rope sincerely,to join in the' he thought had not•Teteived privileges equal to those Committee; befOre it determined whether any fie ,
igixediate aor i his detestable traffic. . i granted to :p Hel
iscolomereial interests. e particularly sure should' be adopted' this year. Yet be d
„
.or s after compliinentingiiie alluded to the wietdture. of Ireland. lie would think it probable. that the Report could 'be matt. .
Ilion. Gentleman rze his amiable tenacity respecting.' not say the commerce of thieceuntry had been car- in time tor tea full consideration of It hyshrell
the Slave Tradet ,retrileded,hint that it was,not pro., rhiledl‘mtuin oil' far, h_o_t:hre *quid say; that it had beets car- elfouses__
posed-to. tului the coatTitta, of the importent docu• tied ae.(ar pit ought. The agricultunislesweriviali lelrefl THORNTON thought tee' words of
.1141
menu intOConilde:ratioo. 'No individual, 'Certainly, • o Irian less tested than any othesechate. "'emotion held it open .to observatioee The Connitei*:'
: hairtiikew'sa eteinefit a Ostia the ebolitiem of the
t Slave Trade as the Honourable G ten ~ and though ' should come to some decision. He had a pointed but to consult upon what specific 13111 thee shag: ,
1 that part of the Treaty were not at preseut honour- ! objectiou to the motion before the House, because bring iu. It would therefore appear to be moron.
,• - s
• . . '
- *
• e - e • -.•
•
. . , .
''',i 4 . :. • • .
. . _ .. _.. . . . . ...:. .._
