Ttit STATESMAN.

re-establishment of the Inquisition—
t eincarcera-
tion of hundreds of noble Spaniards, and the com-
plete slavery of the Spanish nation the re-
erection of the temple of superstition at Rome, and
the extinction of the little freedom of the subjects of
the Pope, draw forth no teer, excite not a sigh. No!
these are the acts of legitimate Monarchs, and there-
fore must he consonant with equity, and founded in
justice. But the age is too wise to be imposed on by
such puerile attempts. Truth will triumph—justice
will prevail. For twenty years we have contended
for the restoration of the House of BOURBON, we
have spent hundreds of millions of treasure, and sa-
crificed hundreds of thousands of lives. Through the
insatiate lust of power of BONAPATE, thrimsgh
his rashness and folly, the day arrived when
the BOURBONS were restored. For a few short
months England enjoyed a seeming triumph ; the
sun of success gladdened the sky—all at once the
horizon darkens, the BOURBONS descend from the
Throne, and again the exile is re-established on it,
amidst the acclamations of millions of people !—For
i this soon-fading scene England is overwhelmed by
, an incumbrance, enormouse in size, and ponderous
, its pressure • for this GLORY, as the wretched
friends of destruction and desolation call it, our
country is subjected to innumerable ills, and re-
linquishes many of the advantages which nature
I has conferred on her • for this raree-show of a
day, dearly purchased by the loss of an hundred
lives, or fthe expence of a few thousand pounds,
the nerves of the artizan are strained beyond their
tone, and the peasant eats in sorrow the bread of
'excessive fatigue. The last war was stigmatised by
one of the greatest of Statesmen, as a war of Kings
against the people. The ruthless ambition of BONA.
PARTE taught Europe to dread his power, and it be-
I came a :ear of the people against a Trent and a
King! Success then followed, it was the cause of
i justice, it carried with it the good man's prayers and
the wise man's hopes. But to argue from that suc-
cess, in favour of a war, which will be a crusade
against the rights of mankind, for the restoration of
the pretended sights of the House of BoUmgoN, is
madness and folly in their worst form ! Colour
it as you will, this is its effect ; and it re-
. quires no spirit of prophecy to predict the
consequence. Let but an hostile flag wave on
French ground, animosities will cease, diisensions
will disappear, the friends of the Emperor end of
the King will draw their swords against those who
would tarnish the glory of the great nation. In a
few short weeks her soldiers will be on the borders
Of the Rhine, and their victories will be hailed by
thr;cries of Italians and Saxons, Poles, Genoese,
and Bolgians! To refuse to listen to terms of peace
from Bosarawre, is to give him cause for war—it
sanctions his thirst for conquest, if it still exist, and
sanctifies the appetites of the warlike part of the
French people. Oh ! was there in the Governments
of Europe but one master mind, he would prevent
this plunging of the Powers into miseries, alarming
in their nature, and in extent unbounded. Had a
philosopher guided the affairs• of this great empire for
the last twenty years, instead of the narrow souls
which nature appears to have made in playful mood
without care, how different would it appear. It
would have been a terrestrial paradise, if he had ex-
pended but as hundredth 'part of the treasure la-
vished on works of desolation. Innumerable useful
hospitals, splendid palaces, well stored museums,
learned universities, fine roads, and navigable canals
would on every side have gladdened the eye of the
traveller; instead of which, through the ignorance
and folly of a few men, we enjoy the blessings of a
monstrous debt and inordinate taxation, the deprive.
tion of some of our brightest privileges, and the ad:
vantage of seeing more than two millions of our
brethren dependent on parochial relief! May these
blessings come home to every man's mind and bosom,
and induce every good man to cry aloud for peace
until, the hell-hounds of war are chained. It is in
peace alone that the people of France can determine
between BONAPARTE and %unison : in war the
throne of the former will be raised in seas of foreign
blood.
April 21, 1813. DECIVS.

IMPORLIIVT STATE PAPER.

.

COPY OF ♦ LETTER ADDRESSED BY THE KING OP
NAPLES TO MS ROYAL FEMMES§ TUE PRINCE RE-
GENT.

. .
gulated the cootie end the reciprocal advantages of
these importaut commercial relations.
The honourable engagements contracted with tee
by the English Government, have, in fact, in my mind,
a sufficient guarantee; but they do not fulfil, with
respect to Europe, to the English, and the Neapo-,
litany, the diplomatic acts, which alone can fix irre-
vocably the interests of the two States, and the in-
terests of the two'Crowns.
These considerations determined me to send to
Lord Castlereagh' the 29th of December last, a
Note, which had for its object to solicit from your
Royal Highness the immediate conclusion of a formal
Treaty of Peace and Alliance. These considerations
determined me to address directly to your Royal
Highness the same demand, and to propose to open
without delay a negociation at London, between the
Minister whom I have accredited to this effect, and
him whom your Royal Highness shall judge proper
to appoint.
I know that it has been said that every thing which
' concerns Sicily and Naples will be regulated at the
Congress at Vienna; but this Congress, whose pro-
gress is shackled bydifficnlties which afford but little
, hope of a speedy solution, ought not to occupy itself
' otherwise than in indemnities which may be due to
the King of Sicily for the promised renunciation of
t Naples; of my renunciation promised for Sicily ; and
for the indemnity which has been assured me by the
isame Treaty..
All these questions are foreign from any relations
of friendship with England, or rather suppose these
relations; and I do not think that there is, in any
respect, any impropriety in England rendering its
stipulations of amity and alliance with me subordi-
nate to the determinations of the Congress of Vienna
on these secondary objects.
I have a Treaty of Alliance with Austria. This
Treaty, which has been forthwith drawn up and
signed, without the participation of the British Mi-
nister, was modified by the Minister of your Royal
Highness, and I adopted the proposed modifications,
because he assured me that such were the wishes of
the English Government. An Official Declaration,
made by Lord Rentinck, and repeated declarations
made by Lord Castlereagh, of which I have had so
many occasions to appreciate the unilter .ble fidelity,
have assured me that my stipulations with Austria
should have the assent of the English Government,
and that England acceded to it. What obstacle can
now prevent a Treaty between the two states con-
formable to these declarations ?
Such a Treaty appears to me imperious on England
by the first of all interests--honour : it is to the King
of Naples, by all the interests which come imme-
diately after that ; and, above all, by the solicitude
which he feels for the prosperity of his kingdom ; to
happiness.
I govern a sensible and generous nation, which is
truly affectionate to me, because it knows that its
glory and happiness are the sole objects of my efforts
and my wishes. The love Which it bears towards
me, the Watery which distinguishes it, the devoted.
nest of which it -is capable, render me sufficiently
powerful to fear nothing while it is under ams ; but
nations ought not always to remain armed. I wish
to make mine enjoy all the advantages of peace; and
I rather wish that my tranquillity should be founded
on a Treaty with England. To retard this Treaty,
is to delay the happiness of five millions of brave
Neapolitans.
If difficulties, which I could not foresee, prevent !
your Royal Highness from accelerating as mock as I •
wish, the negociations which I propose for peace, I
pray you to enable me to attain, in the most conve-
nient form, a positive declaration of your intentions
with respect to the kingdom of Naples, and I accept
your word as a Treaty.. On your word I will act
as the friend, as the most devoted ally to Great
Britain.
My situation glowi me, Sir, my Brother, only
to think of the happiness of the nation whose interests
Providence has confided to me, and I will devote
myself entirely to the noble task of procuring for it
all the happiness which it is worthy to enjoy.—
Your situation, the glory, the power, the character
of the nation which you govern, allow you to con-
ceive the greatest designs, and to obtain the most
extended influence over the destinies of the world.—
Every thing noble, generous, and liberal, is pleasing
to my. heart. The sentiments which I profess for
your Royal Highness, and for the. English generally,
induce me to embrace with double transport the
glory of seconding projects worthy of a great Prince,
and of a great nation.
I pray you, Sir, my Brother, to receive the as- '
sorances of the very distinguished consideration with
which I am,
Year Royal Highness's true Brother,
Naples, 18th Jan. 1815. (Serned) JOACH IM.

land, as, according to the old observation, the
Scotch afro came South of the Tweed seldom or rte.
ver recrossed it to Scotland, adding, that the obser.
sation of one of the adverse Solicitors that he shou:d
have all the costs of the Commission or none, out
Caesar aut nullus, would here fail, since, in the
event of setting aside the first Commission, no costs
would be given.
Mr: LEACH contending, that such a practice
should be discouraged by the Great Seal, as that
of the Solicitor suing out a second Commission,
without which the first would be valid, es the
bankrupt pealed by, and was addressed by, the
sirname of Laidlow, in letters and bills of exchange,
which he passed or negotiated, as by the name of
Laidlaw.

Sir S. ROMILLY, for the second Commission, and
against the first, denied that the evidence of receiv-
ing letters of bills of exchange, replying to the let.
ters in an incorrect name, or passing acceptances as
they came, proved the assumption of such a name by
the person addressed, any more than the many let.
ters addressed tooted answered by himself, under the
barbarous name of Rumley, changed his name to one
which he deemed more agreeable or dignified; con-
tending that the party himself can alone originate
the ascomption or alteration of a name, which was
not here proved, and, of course, the bankrupt would
not be crimi►►ally liable under the name in the first
Commission on any prosecution, any more than
Mr. Law (Lord Ellenborough) here quoted, could
be responsible for a Mr. Low, who practices in tins
Court.

His Lordship desired to read the affidavits, to see
if he could decide this question without the expellee
of an issue at law to ascertain the reality of the name
in question.—Judgment was postponed.

:COURT OF RING'S MAT 11.
BACON V. BROOKS.

This was an action brought by a Bow-street Officer
against a carpenter, for the seduction of the Plain-
tiff's daughter. It appeared that the parties had
long known each other intimately, as neighbours et
Kensington, and that the Defendant had undertaken
the burial of the Plaintiff's wife. Upon her death
the Plaintiff'e daughter was obliged to quit a real.
dente in Lord Holland's Lodge, Kensington, which
she and her mother had enjoyed in respect of the
latter's services, and to go to live with her father at
the Goat Inn, Kensington, her father having lived
there before, and being separated from his wife on
account of disagreement. No strong case of sedoc.
tion was proved, but as the girl had been pregnant
in consequence of her acquaintance with the I)..
fendant, Lord ELLENBOROUGU ruled the Plaintiff
entitled to a verdict for the loss, during her confine.
ment in the parish workhouse, of the small services
his daughter had been accustomed to perform for
him; and also for the cost of certain trilling neces-
saries incidental to such confinement which the Plain-
tiff had provided for her.—The Jury gave him 101.
