o-N

r

prey', under the charge of pretended ciimes
and ;:c,usations of witchcraft. Kings %%odd be
selling their subjects, and • masters would sell the
very partners of their beds along with their domes-
tics. [lfienr,lteurn To learn what had been done
to obtain the general Abo Wino of Slavery, and to
learn what might be done, were the. objects of his
nintion. lie therefore moved, " That an humble
Address should he presented to the Prince Regent,
p;aying that his. Royal Highness would he pleased
to give directions; that all papers containing re-
presentations concerning-ther Stave Trade made at •
the late Negticiations for Peace, in compliance with
the-Addresi-ortlitritouse, should be laid on toe"
; ~ )
'Fite Earl of LIVERPOOL said, when their Lord-
ship coolly and 'fairly -deliberated ;how far. tioy
inight concur with the principles. )lout Ityonthh,
Noble Lord, they► would, perlittps, vlinth little Eo%op:.
pose ; hut ofwy.woold obsevie more solgro4artion
the appliost• .0( those principles thou* the'sobjett
warranted.—"[Hear, heat!]—Tictt: Article ; the
Treaty relative to the Slave ithsole had; beew;conti:
dered by the Noble Lord off a solemiiSanctioe and'
permission-ou the part of' Britain. 'to cZntitiue • tit&
trade; 'but therational nonstraotion 'ofishitr•Artiele
ss as, Oaf France, concurring in the views of Britein,`i
bad respired on abolition at the expiraaion of flitti
years.—[tiern-, hear !}—Eton the ativatice- of ailir!
stipulation.whatever coatcerning that traffic erreld'hot
have warrinted.the Noble Lord's estplanotiort,)`much
les% eoold a stipulation expressly antionneing its cer-
tain abrilition he considered• as a sanction for fu-
tare coolant:one*. How ode country coold alit-tate'
to another on a subject of this description; hellcat
at a loss to know ; for no Government could. bejns- •
tiled in commencing or continuing war purposely
to impose• a ,Enoral obligation. Recognising such !
principles as I we might go to War for the aboli-
tion of the Inquisition, or any great Moral
which afflicted a nation. However sawed we deemed'
moral obligations, the. imposition') .6f, them uponl
others was neither legitimate dor etirtivitable
We were bound to perform' own moral 'duties; ,
but a third party ought 4o act forjheasselvrisrisiad'i
maintain what principles they pleased:" The ques.-.l'
lion then anti, whether the circumstaaces-connebied
with this transaction would have warranted Gu'vern- :
ment in making abolition- the sine qua non of peace. •
—He was a ,sincere friend to general abolition
himself, and the accomplishment of the desires of
the Noble Lord in that respect would afford hlm no,
comnion gratiliation ; but the !qoesticto "was' not;
who wet-oils Friends, but whether we had a right
to make it an Article' in the Treaty.concerning the
restitution of colonial poesessions.'-• •Agetition, so
far se it concerned these possessions,- could only be
considered as a gratuitous act, and •its 'operations
would he limited precisely withitPthe. Confines of
the colonies
.restored ;. but the Artitle in the
Treaty war infinitely more 'Wit:able. than such a
naked stipulation, it contained a direct recognition
of the general principles of abolition, and dated the
final renwaelaitien of slavery for all the eolonierat
the. end gf •fiva years.—lllear n—Thfc'tibj ect • of
(; orernoieart was 401 obtain from Franco' an 81411113.
alai •d deciaration' respecting an abolition :es-Peen
her posseriiont:, and-ibis had been obtallied. Mow-
crew •we might deplore and regret thstret4overiso•
meat founded upon public opinioil. shout& tnitortaiti
feelings h' stile to immediate abolition, .wercoold
a Rily no remedy ; and if it had beet► made a question
cif peace or war, our Allies might have- found diffi-
culty in roficlading the'general Treaty. • For the last
fourteen months Ministers had done more for the
abolition• than had been accomplished for several"
tears before; .for it would he remembered, that the'
I:deaf:Trade was never started as an obstacle td piece
In the negociations of 1808; and in 1808, e creel
was made with Portugal,- containing a clause litaSiteo'
ther indefinite respecting the abolition of steverit-=
Government,. during 'the late 'Freely, bad °endea-
voured to procure universal abolition;' but' it' was
much easier to say; when the miseries df ,wtar were
vernoved, that war was preferable to such en Arti-
cle,then when danger was impending over:bur heads.
Government .during the last year obtained .from
:Sweden and Denmark unqUalilied abolition, and
Holland had consented to follow the same example
throughout all her eolonide. Though.the article in
the -treaty was far abort Of what' Goternment had
.etidenvonred and struggled to obtain,' yet-'they had
obtained a st:prolation not loose and general like That
of Portugal, but one limited and 'decisive, accent=
Parried by an assurance as strong as man could make,
that the abolition would take place at the end of fire
years. lie was fully satisfied that this country by
conciliation and good management, and not by 'an
act of authority, cook) obtain all that was desired.
ltlany great objects had been lost by Pressing them
too far, which might have been gained by good
management. Under those 'impressions, therefore,
he would object to the motion of the Noble Lori!,
ea the production of the papers would fUrnish the
enemies of the cause with arguments to frostrdte. its
Anal accomplishment. .t 1.. ;•
Lord, 1:01.LAN1,•vold, he 'hough. ;wheel She
Rouse unatiimouslylcdtreterred;itt'addrestinr tell ilieJl
gent, they were all artuated'aily One Motive ;
ever, he hailed theiwbOtkPenvitt Holland as a fatted&
able --(alien, though 'he cOdfd not forg4..the duds
poiwtment in the latesiegociation. lartieleles-v-
-ing the measure Imperfect, was in his • estimation
)(lore injorious than de stipttiation.whateter, beeduie
-we had given France Means, tntillreo and
' Itidl6'Le-
mews to continue the traffic which tab
and this he deemed equivalent teverniiititan: -France
had neither capital nor colonies, '.‘taticl'thiti. artitlasi
could only be introdeeed for the purpose oft COntitibi
ing the Slave Trade to eternity,- or throating I &bile
over something which they had not . the t outtegr
openly to avow. This continuance was contrary go
natural justice and public feeling, and he was' ciao
cerned to see France recording hetseif as itavint,
acted in a manner repugnantt'o sentimentientertained
by an 'enlightened ege.e " He concurred' with Atil,
Motion. • ':
The Carl of NV irSTM OR LA N declared 1%
self 'We determined ailiotette rftir universal'abbiit'►on,
but he could site little tyMpAety prodtletietilat
papers sehieli woe. hi be irrjuriostit ib ttrb'ratite.
The +lett of S AU K%taald, rtertainti'llttoirttelt
in the Treaty utfeatiat'attOry, red
spondidti, 'had been iuthirt4l:byGOSertinientilltille-'
',towing its WariCtiOn to such' arfriniiittftilt but tbli
