" 1/0 ash ethers es yes we .11 they Amid d, goo yew."

Roviosing w kis e•eere felt regret the ill.vpent reties of
net hisinr) ; and beholding, pertieulerly of let., the
emigrant and rapid deer,... of politic morals; from
which pint poll slaw mockeri►s now so common of
Neon% werahip—tb. nicked ada.i•istndon of both
ruhlic end prorate josite•—ikii abuse of every Weigle.
t..tl►rl toy 11.. sehiiiceot Creator. for the comfort and
appinr.• of his cremates—llse oppressing', slavery,
•nd croupy shoe every where abound—the isicessant
rurlvesoe, in instil illt• the mind of the doing gesso.
tation sentiments sod opiniens, wet only contrary to
snout►, boo prejudicial to the freedom and will-being
of community, and which sass.‘nally end Is the dis.
er.mlitore and rein of all :—in Inw, seeing that the
groskit 11011Priag and both of hotly and
wind. hero met only vitiated for ,ears past, bet have
now (in a pet iod of pre/ogled pare) arrived at a pitch
of 'referee, uever before equalled, and with no other
I,.•.psott before us, buts cootingance, if got an in-
. tease, of woes t and believing all the soils we .c.
also. siise from, and are the effects 4 a bad system
of morals, tonight by ignorant. inexperienced pre.
leaders to wisdom end sifter, nh• owe nu►►ed sod
cherished by a sordid ovistrocracy and mirror system
of Goveinmeoot, ilsevefere we, who sobscribe to the
followiog Rules, tieing desirous of regemeating an
.stahli•ho.ent "thick will effect a better order of so.
citify. do determine and resolve to with, with all
friends and tellow.eitisens who will join us in
human hop/domes generally; Nide* for
oar motto and commies grid►, the universal most.
of " Doing ants ushers as we wooed they should do
unto us." For three unisons weal. solemnly deviate,
in the presence of the Supreme Wing, that we will
adhere to this Principle; sod, by those Roles, en.
dravost to tibial. legally owe rights as men and
citizens.
Resolved, Ist. That men IMO bore, sod always
continue, free and equal, in respect of their natural
sights. Civil distisiciiiegs, therefore, can be founded
only on politic utility.
" The moat pownotial roil of all moral end po.
!Weal associations is, the preservation of the natural
and impresceiplitsie rights of man ; sod these rights
are—liberty, protection of properly, security, and
resistance to opprenion."
3d The sets real sovereignty of the State is ne-
ressaiily in the Peeple or Nation ; IPPCOUIV VII
earth a nation had no evertor. This •lono is
fete-
raUy a susaseigaly, as beteg enderived, inherent, and
absolute.

4th. For promoting the object oldie U•ios, it is
requisite that oho town and its immediate vicinity be
divided into 12 aectiwns or districts; each section to
elect two General Comsat...men, as follows : A
Requisition to be sent to each section, for the per.
poses( calling a meeting to swathes& candidates,
wager, wlohie night day. 'therms/4., the StCilia
should meet again to elect their Committeemen;
each member to writs olio person's nom* he antes for
spire a slip of paps,, to roll it up, and drop it into
a boo provided for that purpose; then the votes shall
be aaamiittd, sod whoever has a majority shall be
declarer, duty elected. Foch Gemmel Committee-I
man to be not less than 21 years of ago, and rod-
dent in the town not lea than ten years, and to re-
aide in the section they severally represent: their
duty shall beg to frowner all hoshons conjolotly with
and at the molar meetings of the General Commit-
t►e, puissant to the general •r particular Mitotic.
linos story may eternity receive from their reaper.
tire sections;—oar half go out of oleo Ivory throw
months.

, 5.h. 'chat a President. Vire-President, Treasurer,
and Secretary. shall be appointed front aod be the
Geturrol Committee; the Pool-Went and Via-Presi-
dent So contras. in olbre ono week, to be appointed
by rotation as their names stand on the list of the
Cram! Committee; the Treater., and Secretary
to continue is elite daring the pleasure of the Cam.

tith. That a piaci or places shall be forthwith pro.
•ideal, for the purpose of lettering, feedlot, coa-
st 'salon, &c. also for leeching the rising contras•
oily, not merely the use of lams end words, bet
*itch good and morel principles as may lead the will
to the practice of IM great laws of God, fiat m4O
may love In harmony with hie fellow sad with all
creation.

7.11. MI members of Ile Uolea shall be (fielded or

classed, •isle twelve members to pule class►; tb.y
stall ek,cl a leerier from among thessmelepa every
tnree months: ►aery clan shall meet PIKe !eery
'wet, at the boom of the !coder. pr mew• other of
the membess of the class. or at the Unioo-rooms, a,
may bp sue eveves)tai to them, for um purpose of
or fame books, pipers,

oteoveraittiopeo tle best practical eetle, seconding
to Iha osisiery of the tier, .f olitainiog • free and
seed Goiania/ea, whir* a Oa pelmet, sod priocl•
pal map so Oa *shattered .f Itetoos litipploses.—
Barb ember shall pay evrkly to his clatekader, et
thy tier of earolles, ate poony, for the pares of
oartylott into fliert Ibe aim uf the Uoioie ; els. del
.1 elitalelog isolitiosi niorto and usmtversid freedoms.
TM clasa.looder Anil wee done tbe 'epaulet pro.

ceet!logs of our, elass.meorlog. In fordo; that it may
- be reported to tM body of the Union, u heraio.af-
tor directed.
8 The clast.leoslars shall meet the General Com-
mittee avid Olken, acthe Union.rooms, every Moo.
its,. eveolux, a right o'cinek, for the purpose of
prying to um rural fond their rerroctivo class rid.
Inclines; and of repotting t►e progress of Moir rs-
pretiVe &CMS in moral and political loformation;
• slating what they atwitter to be necessity for the
'thee pron'imiog the sours' o►der ; to receive in-
)ctions from, and advise with, the General Cons•
re. reep►eling the welfare sod fersiter promotiog
object of lb. Institution.
lth. That one or mote roomy be Purled every Wal-
lis, earning, at tnif.past seven o'clock), or the per-
il if reading sorb moral and political books, mays,
. as the Committertand Coodocton shed approve ;
reading to commence st eight end close at ten
int k. The C..Mdlifloll to appoint a Chairman
reciting, hv Am!l keep order doting the
. .
