THE STATESMAN.

M►t. LOVELL'S LIBERATION.

After an imprisonment of Four Years and a half in
?his Majesty's Gaol of Neagate, in consequence of
Er-ollicio informations, for what has been termed
Libel, Mr. LOV ELL informs his Friends, with
the feelings which may be supposed to animate the
breast of a man inthis situation, that he has been
this day liberated
.from the scene of his long con-
finement, and of his many severe afflictions, and
is now returned to the discharge of those duties in
public life, which, at the present extraordinary
crisis, so pregnant with events of vital importance
to the liberties of Mankind, are more than ever
vecessary to be fulfilled, and which he assures
his Readers and Friends he shall strive to perform
to the best of his ability.
•He trusts it will not be considered egotism to state,
that h alth, as may well be supposed, has suf-
fered MIR from the continued rigour of his fate;
bitt his are, as they have ever been, un-
broken; a i opts he need not say how grateful
is his heart support which he has received
from the Fri
slle
of Liberty and Justice under his
bag and accumulated afflictions.
Stntemah Office. May It). 1813.

Arr. Malls. Des
0 .... ...... .... Malta
2
1
0
2

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAT AT ONE trCLOCK.
Sane 1...ne. Ann. 141 7-16
3 per Ceot. Red. 5711 Indin Bonds 10.12 p
3 per Cent. Gonr, 580 Exchequer BUN $ 5 p
4 per Comte. 72 lj Omniur
4 per Cent. Ratty WO Coniok for Ace. 561111

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:
MONDAY, MAY 22,r,1815.

Yesterday and to-day have brought us Paris Pa-
pers from the 17th to the 20th. Their contents are
interesting, though they announce no event of deci-
sive importance. NAPOLEON has not yet left his
capital, for there appears no necessity for his pre-
sence elsewhere. lie is actively employed in hold-
ing Councils of State, reviewing armies, sending off
troops to their various destinations on the frontiers,
and in organising or giving countenance to the or-
ganizations of the federative unions of the people,
which are forming everywhere for the support of the
national independence. The numberless inhabitants
of the Fauxbourgs St. Denis, St. Martin, and of the
Temple, are federating after the example of the other
Fauxbourgs ; and we are told 100,000 men, per-
fectly armed and equipped, are now ready for the de-
fence of Paris. IVltether jacobinical or not, these vo-
lunteer unions present a very dismaying prospect to tae
Powers who have been flattering themselves with the
idea of en easy march to Paris. Allowing they are
all not quite agreed as to the point of having NAPO.
LtON BONAPARTE as a Sovereign, will they, Jaco-
bins as they are styled, unanimously ♦ote the Crown
to a Prince of the House of BOURBON, a House
which has cost France so muds blood, and which the
whole nation has made such exertions to expel ? But
these confederations, say our Treasury fulminators,
are only the rabble—so much the worse for the
hopes of those who would raise a standard in France
inimical to that rabble. The rabble are the
public, and let us ask what constitutes the
strength of any State ? who are the defences of the
country ? who are the first to take up arms, when
their native land is threatened ? who are the
support of thrones, and the guardians and
assertors of public liberty and individual safety ? but
the rubbk, as men are termed when they will not vo-
luntarily bend their necks to slavery, and dare to
maintain their own unalienable privilege spinet So-
vereign authority. He must needs be strong who
has the rabble with him, and when that rabble com-
prehends the whole of the people of such a nation
as France.

The news in the French Papers from the frontiers,
announces a movement on the rill of the Prussian
army to its right, in consequence of the movement to
the rear of the Austrians. Some people will not
ir,,ow what to make of this. The leading article in
our Paper of Wednesday last will tend to explain it.
We there stated that the Austrians had shown symp-
toms of unwillingness to advance against France,
Lord
awl that Lord ct.tscrom and the Prussian Com-
manders had movements of concentration and
precaution nec nary in consequence. The army of
Gvn.BLuculit is any thing but complete, saytheFrench
'Journals; and whoever has read the accounts even
in that vehicle of truth, the Brussels Oracle, of the
disposition of the Saxon troops constituting a part of
the army under the Prussian Commander, will be.
lieve that any thing but unanimity prevails in his
ranks. .
.

Private letters from Soigniers state,. that Lard I
lIILL's division had their head-quarters at that town
on the 15th ; their advance towards the Freud' (roe-
tier was occasioned by a movement of Count D'EaLon
(Drouet) upon his right, with a view to cut off their
communication with the Prussians.

And Sweden too—she is lukewarm. We fear our
prediction is about to be realized. It is said the
Allies are so much offended This that rilectance mu. I
nifestcd by the Crown Prince of SWribitx is mareb
against France and give up Pomerania to the King of

DENMARK, that they are about to declare war against
him. This, however, is a French statement.

It is still difficult to find nut the real situation of
Munvr. He is certaiuly not in a prosperous way,
and appears endeavouring to secure his retreat by
difficult roads along the eastern coast. It is saii!, he
still preserves Ancona, in which he has placed a gar-
rison of 3000 men.

It is stated from Genoa, that British ships of war
had received orders to capture, burn, and destroy
all vessels that they find under the Neapolitan flag.

Couriers are constant!) arriving at Paris from
enna. The Secretary of the household of the Em-
press MARIA LocisA arrived ou Wednesday last.
This muct have been with the concurrence of the Ca-
binet of Vienna.

PAnis, MAY 18.—Deputations of the Grenadiers
and Chasseurs of the Old Guard were yesterday
presented to the Emperor, and delivered an Address,
expressing their devotion and attachment. Five hun-
dred grenadiers, and the same number of chasseurs,
have constructed a crown work on the fortifications
of Charonne. The inundation works at St. Denis

will be completed on the 10th of June. Fifty thou-
sand muskets have been removed from the magazine
of Vincennes to a depot for the use of the confede-
rates, and 40,000 for the National Guards of Paris.
This morning the Emperor reviewed the 31st regi-
ment of infantry. It was this regiment which re-
fused to obey the orders of the Duchess d'Angouleme
to attack "Clause!.

The name of the person who presented the Em-
peror with the 'vim of 25,000 f. is still unknown.

Marshal Grouchy is arrived at Paris. lie is ap-
pointed to the command of the cavalry of the Army
of the North.
VIENNA, MAY 3.—One hundred florins in cash
will produce 388 in paper. Our Government has
concluded a treaty with Ferdinand IV. of Naples,
who has agreed' to place 30,000 men under the com-
mand of General Nugent.
The Allied Sovereigns certainly go on the 20th.
The King of Saxony is gone to the Palace of Lux-
emburgis, near Vienna. The Empress will visit him
to-morrow.

it %I'm); MAY B.—The Archduke Charles is
still without an t trective employment. It is said,
that .6c Allies are much offended with Sweden for its
lukewarmness in the cause against France. A De.
claratien against that Power is spoken of.

.1..-;sauttnn, MAY B.—They write from Vienna
that the Deputies of the German Princes, of the
second and third rank, have been convoked in an ex-
traordinary assembly. The Austrian, Russian, and
Procian Commissariei have communicated to them
the decisions of Congress relative to the future sys-
tem of military provisionment and transport.
News from Florence states, that General Na.
gent arrived on the 27th April at Rome, when, after
having had an interview with Cardinal Sommagliat
he returned by Viterbo to his army.
It is said that the King of Naples has placed at
Ancona a garrison of 3000 men, and that General
Bianchi is marching upon Aquila.
lavx, MAY 3.—They talk of the formation of
two armies of 30,000 men each—it appears that we
are about to enter into the Coalition of the North.

Our Governlint is occupied in arranging the
colours of the caps which people may be permitted to
wear. None but the Clergy are allowed to wear
black silk.

HANOVER, MAY s.—lt is understood that the
King of Denmark has declared expressly to the Coa-
lition, that he will not move until he has obtained a
full indemnity for Norway. Sweden ought to Lave
given up Pomerania, and to have paid a large sum
besides; but it has evaded doing so under various
pretexts—it is therefore probable that Denmark will
preserve its neutrality.
BERLIN, MAY 3.—The army of General Blucher
kali), thing but complete. Many corps which are
to join it are not yet even in march.
A great ferment exists in Poland, and very serious
consequences are apprehended.
BASLE, MAY 11.—Since the Declaration of the
Swiss neutrality, a perfect tranquillity exists here.
Count Rapp was here yesterday, and communicated
the agreeable news that France will respect our neu-
trality.

The minor French Papers are full of the trial of
one St. Clair, a Captain of Grenadiers of the 321
regiment, convicted of the murder of a girl named
Kersmaker, known generally as the pretty Dutch
woman. lie was sentenced to degradation and to
perpetual imprisonment. As soon as his sentence
was pronounced, he declared again his innocence,
and stabbed himself to the heart, in presence of the
whole court.

COURIER EXTRAORDINARY. Friday Morn;ng.

There will be a review next Sunday at the Thuil-
leries. A new Parisian Federation will be presented
to the Emperor.
The departure of the Sovereigns from Vienna is
bled for the 20th.

All the news from the interior states, that the
roads are covered with soldiers and military equip-
ments.

News from the frontiers announces, that the Prus-
sian army has made a movement to its right, in con-
sequenee of the moverneuts to the rear of the Aus-
trians.

•
FRENCH FUNDS.
6 per Ceuta. 5111. 75 o.—Bank Bonds £25.

Brussels Papers to the 19th, and Frankfurt
15th May, arrived this forenoon. They contin,:e
the unofficial details of MURAT'S disasters. It ~
stated from Nuremberg, of the 111 h inst. that t.e..s
had arrived there from Vienna, announcing that NI t•,
RAT has embarked at Ancona with his family, that Lk
army was surrounded, and that but a small pate
could escape b) flying through the mountains.
The arrival of Prince SCUM litTZ UNSER° at Nu..
remberg is also announced.
CASSEL, MAY 10.—The equipages of Gep. Tel,
tenboro are arrived here.

Loutsauwa, MAY 10.—Prince. Schwartznnhrrg, ii
expected to-day at Heilbron, where he will Ex
headquarters. The second corps of the Auct
army, under Nome Hohenzollern, is cantonerl
the environs of Stocksch, !lounge's, &c. The head.
quarters are at Stock:tell.

CARlAltellt, MAY 10.—Thp Prince Royal of
Wirtemberg arrived here yeiterday from his head.
quarters at. Bucharest, and set out this mottling on
the road to Kehl. •

FRANKFORT) MAY It—The Archduke Charles
arrived here yesterday: We have received from Italy
the following news :—The people of Gihbio were
preparing to massacre several persons known to be.
lung to the party of Murat ; but the respectable
Bishop of that town succeeded in saving them from
the rage of the people; he could not, however, pre.
vent the Sub-Prefect, and one of his clerks, (rem
being shot.
I.EIGE,• MAY 15.—The ringing of the bells an.
flounced yesterday, the great event which gives us a.
good King and a country. This memorable day was
terminated by a general Illumination.
