I '

(ice that
their tun
and King
FRA*
nestle. the
rived here
The'
AdStrith
Bauss
risen of
are mat
Russia
At A
English
mit trade
Colonies
testy.
that a ,
there th
restored

I
Arr.

1
0.

PRICK
Bank
per Ceist.
9 per 1401.1
k per Cer111:
tier Cet4.

T

? `.

LONDON:
" irrtrinAT, JULY 2, 11114.

, .
Now that the Allied Sovereigns are fairly
the country, that the triumphant dissipation
public mind is no longer kept up by the drew
which so mainly contributed to producait,
Delon has indulged itself to the full in all the
sal expression of joy for the restoration of peace
thing could be more desirable than for us t,
to. our former habits of quiet industry and
totted reflection. This it seems, however,
to be allowed. Tor some purpose or other,
our Rulers to prolong the intoxication of thapeoPla4
so natural on the first attainment of a desirable and
unexpected blessing, by artificial and expensi
(Stemmas. In their attempt to do this we
enacted they will fail. The national mind
land is too robust, to be long held in caw
mere splendour and magnificence. Tin
mockery of naval achbvement, and the ineireci
of CoNGRETF..B pacific explosions, will here
impotent to repress the activity and subdue
of thought. The attempt cannot be whirl
the, although, proceeding on an incorrect est
the national character) it will be without a,
What then are the motives that produce it.
sire, perhaps, to efface from the recollectiot
people these gnarling insults recently offered
Illostrions Personage, the object of their
and esteem ; or to render them less susceptibt,
aignition, ou account of fresh indignities medic
against her. This may be one motive to the
nonsense now in preparation. Another, ni
i 3 the desire to chase away, if possible, the
that the term of peace procured by this cow
set such as her past efforts and her existil
entitled her to demand. The period now api
when the claims of the Continental States
finally discussed, and territorial arrangements
&included, which will affect the whole
of Europe for many generations. It i
be concealed, that to the Congress where
momentous Negotiations are to take place,
will now repair, divested of whatever co
weight to her representations, as applied tr
tereets of the other Powers, or connected
oriental success of the Negociations. Tit
Mons and restitotions which England had
ap.already made. Every thing might now
lo the absence of her Ambassador as well
presence. She now retains nothing to assi.
iyitig her points—no allurement 'to telucteot
quiescence—ho balance to the pretensions
ambition. Tuffs is surely not the situation
England, after all her sacrifices and
ought to stand. Adjustments of the big'
parlanee to the interest of this country ha,
be made. The fate of Norway, of puiam
Stymy, remains undecided. The questiol
Slam Trade, and the arrangement or Co,
Treaties are yet to be discussed. On three
these topics, those of Norway, the slave T
the Commercial Treaties., the people of
are deeply concerned. On the two 181
deeply than any other nation.--II
surely, be called good policy to have give)
we had to give, without procuring a Ong!
firm on any of these matters. The negoria
which Lord Casvcraeactt 'has been eng
been termed difficult 30 delicate; to us,
that the only task iris Lordship had proposed
self is the easiest that can be imagined : the;
stowing upon others what they greatly nee&
desired. Ile has had the diplomatic skill
their acceptance of our desirable gifts; and.,
not, that when recommended by his Lord
querice and address, they might have
teeted had they even been twice as many
twice as desirable. The imperfection of
+nary will net, we are convinced, be concealed
the brilliancy of our fire-works and illuminations,
nor will such frivolities long render us unr
the honour and welfare of our common
That peace should be popular is certainly

P
v •
, - , --..-- - . - •
•
, , .
,
. ,
* . • - ..
• • .•
. .
THZ .S.r A 'ES,MA4I. ' •
. .
.
fe-fr....70,......1......"."Tr".- -...'"*".-3."1.....^....1111.- ......" . •ir .. ••• Li 16.7•• tr•-•••r- il• -r•s•rir•-.......
MIMI Nimimmilammomi • gr'.."."..-....4.-.----7---.-."--'-..."---.7:"";-. ".-71 '04040 . ••,
to illuminate that -
at the inhabitants are to be reedy . all due respect should he shown to those brave from each ether. Wears quite iettitin that suktesk- - Tsr *lts' 811111011 ak twi niArgi MAN. ,
, ._.
..,
()uses on the arrival of the Emperor of Russia aid accomplished men who have contributed to pros miscuous assemblege of men • inany , pelt! of the king. 44 i after . . ..
ing of Prussia. Stu,-having just returned treat It-ratted, at raj
. .
ss deo it, is honourable to the nation's feelings. 'Nei. dom, would hevelnel thelialetfies Ind cruelty toaccede
Nli FORT, JUNE 21.-Their Imperial nigh- • '• skin *some of the most coneiderehle fawns there, ri '
then of these objects can, however, be attained by to the slave trading article in the recent Treaty:. Itr- g • ' , "
the Grand Dukes (*lichee' and Niceleastre are
government. of ,),...ensse •ents.looking into 'mem of. oet., of) els - i wets, •I veto
tere on their return from Holland. , , natal ertgaiereents in all the fish-ponds of England ; aerfere with the internal
tr. . , '. struck by ft variety of article. appoa deg iii 'hem, psfr- 1: ,
troops of Baden are to give up Kehl to the or by converting every city, town, village, and Teach morality at the point of the bayonet Hypo. parting to he the Private Correspoorleystqf pe,iscess •
ans. hamlet, into a scene of low profliptcy and vulgar critibal and weak pretences! . .Did it require the. at Paris, :and describine,.•with Argeleagiesteneses . 1
isms, JUmg 25.-The first column of the gar-, dissipation. The. popularity of Peace can only be point of the bayonet to retain possession of and with apparent g• od autitoritses all .itursletii,ing
if llsmburgh is arrivedhere; great preparations topics of public interest et presentgocroupyinier' lise .
secured by very different meens; by diffusing generally Colonies which Ivor had made ours i Would
minds of Fienclimen. .
'king at' the Hague to receive the Emperor of .
land the King of Proissia. . , such a spirit of reflection amongst the people as may there have been any preaumptioh in requiring that
-There is nothing against
•whit!' evere.rei- f sts -
Amsterdam has been published en act of the convince them, that whatever shock it may give to n- Colonies ceded by us should not: be converted into i. •
h Government, dated June 17, 1814, to per- isting interests, whatever apparentaeil tempornry ells- Ne t a r ought more to he guarded ihaultrlitig4stee.•s '
places o( refuge, or, points of teu.d, etvitUs. for tour- dies informality, ; for if I; a f in Ire, 1; ri.
fact _,,., p...4.,„0104014 ,' 1 i
ide between the United Provinces and certain- advantagesitmayprOdece,ilsbenefitaaregenerallyper- deters and thieves' For to thessostpones we have that most. or the Communications thus reassitet.„„..,e-ahe' •
ies now in the possession of his Britannic Ma- •
mtieent, and certain that the state of warfare was adW surrendered them. .. ....., . , ..,1 . .....• ~. - I public, althetitols assuming an air er, ileepsehieeteer
Letters from Berbice of the 2d of May say, 1 .1 . .
/-
leading ,
us every'day nearer to.destruction, and that
conspiracy of the slaves had been discoveredmore than ;the mere gossippings of Parieimheselics.,,
•A mast ratifyin scene took lace esterdaY eve-peace was the 'only resource against national banks . g gl' Y- • tied (rent i' tit„, --0
.wats cites, co the light and, litre .41i-lettl/FP r
tb murder all the whites, but that order is now- fling in the House of Commons: The Duke of: .
ed. ! . roptcy
,and rain. These reflections are certainly
1 useTets having signified
,hie *desire to- attend- .farr coffee-hesse loungers, and restoreate.444olosl,.4l4
. ~. . . needful to counteract the impression likely to be pro- 1 • •
the purpose of thanking the House in *person 'fort di ' Them who have visited 1411410:with e tistikeAPPlo.
Malls. pas duced by the very general and distressing stagnation honour which they had done him in deputin .06 • certain the.principles and divp•taititotia•4onotinfotsit , . `-'.. •
Lisbon
...c.annitshave made themselves acquetotofc•iMs,eihnps,...
Holland
Gottentsurgh • 1 and manufactures. The popularity Of piece is to be 'ctionlrY. the boor of a quarter beforts•frim'e'eleets ;11 a journey' from L'lndo° 1611444P3,11,,,10 vlgsrid
,wia freed for that 'purpoe ; and actordinglyS at'that their arrival there they meysbat suppeestqeembee4 *me r .
secured by appealing to the moral feeling'of the na. t
KOf 'IIICK6 THIS DAT AT ONK O'CLOCK. !Aloe 'bur, gallant and noble soldier appeared tis•a..joyeti•every•Rossible means 'or. i0r0w00t,4044044464 ,
I..nc. Ann. 15 9.ltii tion, as well as to its political sagacity. Noise and
- 1- Delle;at the berg that House in WWI.. dx -an V'agliall'lralatier•aau hare hadseoeeeass(*orsigagis
years :••• s ,
dent, steel, ti9i Nom Um& ll 13 p ostentation however are unfavourable to the exercise jam he sat ~
as a commoner. itis . Gince *as . has been the site(' of maisncestliere,..teal, t4rj• ...
sem (see, Exchequer Bills 15 p I I . .
Comte. 1411 I Onutiton , of both. •• •ijredl),lletaed by the crowd assembled in the ; temper. and -.dispel:4'lpm of -its: ligleAtalalt4osingl4,44
,lent. Noy I Consols for Act. 701 i -.......-. - 1 loilhief throogh which he pissed ; mid When ho eii- • principally iby • feeling% of hope •enal Al reitroo CO. i ,
- .... _ _ A long-article on the recent event* la Stalin has tered the House, was received with the most (noses I arising out of that great event, t be, oitMetealwis"44444. ;)
THE STiiTESIVIAN. appearedla "the Vienna Court Gazalte. It "conclues •
siastiO acclamations.' The benches hail for some time
been completely filled ; but all the Member; stood : capital, that opinions, or roticluelenselighergesdrsieas
from such sources, ,are, I em well.,eanaincescia4.ninaor .- .
with the fO. owing observations.--6 Meet who ~
--- . ~ • • up uncovered, to toffy their respect. The flake's ! only doubtful, but wholly killacherass.,ll-.1.4 fit, t, : ' •
feel intertgtid in the lot of the Spaniards' "Ithrire , mkt I that in proportion to .the curious and itapistaithke d 0 ... ~47..
. , . LONDON: t., 4 , ,p,-,... , y, hut modest address sand the dienified and
• desirous- Viet; the unshaken fortitude w*. which ,elosisem srieeeh of the sprAce,, in return, will be . positions shown by Englishmen, on theivatrit4 aS:
'''''' sx•roanAT, JuLY 2, 11114. they have -maintained a glorious slrogglegoend the found in our,Report of the Parliaintheary Proceeds t "4°9 is the readiness: of Frenchmed K. atfrrel thrlP... .', •
-..iggpm,.-;- ' numerous sacrifices they have made to preserve their in and and we are sure will be read with peculiar in- 'lll4""ent. gritifientin"; secii indeed is theisenxiety to
• retest. . please, and to render the mind•absorbed iii the plea.
lw that the Allied Sovereigns are fairly out of . liberty under paternal laws, should receive their
nisi PRINCE RrGEPITs COURT' Ike -Yesterday ;awes of that voluptsous City, • that they will even t,
entry, that the triumphant dissipation of the'i reward, must sincerely rejoice to see their destiny ' "•
- ('anticipate your •siews and .feelingss .ors their fir;t ia- ..
at three n' .'
••
• '
clock, his Royal Highness held'a Court:
c mind is so longer kept up by the circumstance ; decided in this manner. In truth, the Monarchical His - ted • •i• -- - ^ to-view, and consider it an unteindunable breach of •
Royal iY, iness mg sea on hi! hront, re... 1 . 9 .
.. i
tso mainly contributed to prodoce.it, that the ; Government could not subsist in any limiter with esie,,d the Address of the House of ;Peers on the t petiteness. to contradict •yous. in any of your pilliti..
n has indulged itself to the full In all the natas the Constitution of 1812 ; but to attempt to. force a signing of the Treaty
I of Piece. This
-Howse eato# i cat prepossessions or prejudices ; they will, indent!,
in, the.present state of -the Frouch capital, leave 0e
cpression of joy for the restoration of peace, no- I country like Spain to accept
.such a Constitution, in state,
.preceded by the Lean CuiNcatatak, and •
could be more desirable than for us to return I was an extraordinary error--and, it may be assert. , ~, s , , ,
followed by ttre• Archblitiortat datrietitikitte "; -the ; Englishman. ns. ignorant of their real sentimetilt,- t
I snops of I..cixowt, S'At.eintikir,7 Oniseen, and after repeatsd and apparently serious discussion's)
Pirrattadtiontat
or former habits of quiet industry and undis- ; ed, without being too severe, an error which desert- the Duke °of Bestfen'itr ; Lords ;as he was in befese:-this* I have myself seen oxems,.,
;
reflection. This it seems, however, is not ,ed punishment. Either that Constitution would soon •.. r.
onstait, LiVEXP s
OOL, MOUNT Encinank; itedu!.plified. I have naiticed characters at . the re.;
si
i allowed. Tor some purpose or other, it suite have completely destroyed the Royal Authority- ncieniii, TAMMY. ANIMFORD, SciattanSaSete- l'atareat'ura en one day advocating a set of notion; ..
!an Englishman with the greatest warmth mid 'ens
mural
Liters to prolong the intoxication of thePeoplb, I or, if it had not accomplished this object it would .eitto, Ilsnatow, DeNSTANTILLE. ELLIOTI'SaiIy-*
,rj. ii cerity possible, with ;which he has been delighted,
itural on the first attainment of a desirable and ! at least have produced internal commotions anarchy .
. latitt.o,. Boma,' and St. Hesre's.
) , and from whiCh he has eatahlshed all his former ma.,
i After the 'Peers had withdrawn, the Mute of
pected blessing, by artificial and expensive el- i and ages of debility. It cannot be denied that the - end. 1 have 'gain, est ether occasiate,
*Common arrived, and were conducted into the Royal Pasaessialls ;
lents. In their attempt to do this we are per- ! future prospects are not wholly free from apprelie"" ,• Premenie by the LORD CIiANBERLAIN with the lame , "cticed PitetkaVY the same chlrae4erg advocating's-
,d they will fail. The national mind of Eng- Ision ; that nothing is yet decided or secured ; thate' sego,l II st les. s.l with- equal .warapth, direct contrary opinions, be-. .•
•
is too robust, to be long held in captivity by I there will be yet great difficulties to surmount, and , After receiving the Address, his Royal Ifighntbie ca.use°'.se9 on tidi occasion, they well knew, would .
I be m ,st acceptable. 's
splendour and magnificence. The gilded : even violent storms to undergo. But if, as we are , gave audience to Lord. LIVERPOOL, SIDNIOUTIi, CAS- ,
j i , The Froecamen in Paris seem always to hare had,
,ery of naval achievement, tind theineffectual glare 'justified in believing, the present.re•actions harmo- TLEREAOII, the Duke of MONTROSE, Lord kr EOROE ' „
mind
mixed .,. • se•
in the' character of that Immense mu.
lhatsrOßD, the Earl of CARHAMMON, &e. 1
JI4GREVE's pacific explosions, will here be found 'vises with the sentiments and wishes
The Poe ' C J• Gcourse of psisinis lately assembled is Oleic capital, •
tent to repress the activity and subdue the forcelif, on the other hand, the promises contained in the jahodiced to his Royal Ilielniets by Lord CisTists, ' and to have regulated their views and conduct ac-. .. ,
.•
.
sought. The attempt cannot be without mo- ~ King's Manifesto are punctually fulfilled, Spain may natal!, and the Assistant-Magter of the CeremosS cordiegly. Politics, and poli,ical discustiolia, titer., . .
although, proceeding on an incorrect estimate of i thereby recover her tranquillity and prosperity more nibs, with the usual forms, and delivered his cre- cavoid, or: enter into them welt reluctawe ;;egrefst., - •
rational character, it will be without success.-I•certainly than by any other means, and regain her dentials. . !always to avoid seitaus disputation) 411(1 4141riyi .
t then are the motives that produce it? A de. rank among the Powers of Europe." '' ••••
are bent solely on devising every art • and menos ,to;
. ►TV
perhaps, to efface from the recollection of the The whole tendency and design of thiaarticle isle.
~, , i
Baron DoWsnaaa, the Hessian Minister r;TtictOr-
. diniry, and the new Bavarian and Sicilian Ministers, .
were severalty introduced, Intl were all most grad- , keeping in reserve their own real send...pls. They
, add to the „number of pl..aiures and feasted grairfici.
- ...
le these patting insults recently offered to an defend the conduct of FERDINANDe and censure tb* crosly received. i tions of their innumerable guests, atul willing to false.
.. •
Lions Personage, the object of their affection 'of the Cortes. Nothing can he enure absurd than ite Count WINTZINGERODE, from Wurtembere• who .go every national consideration, at present, for these •• •
esteem ; or to render them less eurteeptible of in- whole reasoning, with the exception of the appreS is appointed Ambassador to the Emperor of Russia, objects. . • ~,
It is net so very .I*?.MlikeSie to me that, they have
Won, ou account of fresh indignities meditated hensions expressed of violent crinvolsitans being d Gen. OZALAIII were also introduced to. itre .
IttNce 11.20ENT. '• - ..... . ! -I in general shown, to great a re-peet, and paid be_ • .
Ist her. This may be one motive to the childish , likely to hike place. According to the la,t news t -ch attention t. Englialtmon visi a
The Spanish Ambassador, and Sardinian MbitetlO., • mu• t niLOPir .C.ilitilOst:
tense now in preparation. Another, no doubt, from Spain, these presentiments are realizing. It : for tiler consider er.y t.u.-11 visitniit .as bided witlii ' *-' ._
hid audiences'-of -of the Patrice. 1 •
e desire to Chase away, if possible, the opinion, states that arrests coetinue; that the King's party Marshal %anent has postponed his deperture till I wealt%
brought to be scent in luxury and pieties-re.,
among them. and
,slf Paris is converted iota an , . tA
the terms of peace procured by this country, are even begin to suspect each other •; and that Gen. Ewa, next Thursday : he intends being at Vienna on the
_Th.
,•••z<i . ,
~,,,,:, f earthly .paradise for their gratification. Such a scene ..S.,
such as her past efforts and her existing power who' had taken the oath to Fettottraste 1311 his entry 24th inst.
ay a Deputation from the eitirpOrathrrt Of i
Yesterd - I
'led her to demand. The period now approaches into Valencia, had been thrown into prison. The
London, consisting of Sir Janes SHAW. Mr. Alder- I gars all description ; how long it vill continue 9439 -7•••,
a the claims of the Continental States must be Editors of the Universal Spanish Journal, .Vir.l.s depends upon the • u amber -of the gay and
. _..
- man Iltncn, Mr. Alderman Wool); Sir Juno EASIER, i 11'1'1161'st
ly discussed, and territorial arrangements NauvA, and Friar Joseen Laszumas, fox a libel, noel Mr. Alderman Gootriztieur withthe
~ Town,
wealthy, yet .
remainine to litrleleSe themselves with a
siight of it, and tb revel in its ph there,. . •
!hided, which will affect the whole condition had been sentenced to the galleys for six years on, the Clerk and Remenahrsiacer, waited upon his Grace the . .
Eoror for many generations. It is not to coast of Africa. Thus, from the complexion of what DO= fW_eo. .. eLLINGTON, at lois house Ill' HintiltlYns; . The idea which,' at one time, was 60 industriously
:oncealeil, that to the Congress where these is passing in Spain; however•the courtly Gazette of place, with the invitation to dine at 011,.. . , . _ HAlia)l.4 *Nat, propagated ,by the French Government, that Etse.
T • I Ms Greco was pleased to fiz Saturday "ski golin.litsitmen could be ruined alone try their finances, Itmi: z!
tentous INegociations are to take place, England an arbitrary monarchy may be disposed to arraign •• 9 tea hii I OM* every thinrg should be rendered subservient to.
Want, for that purpose, when it is expec Heal , .
now repair, divested of whatever could give the conduct of .men who have been the patriots sad Freedom of the City will be chnferred upon Mtn, ewer toot end, as 'at present illustrated in the rase of most
;tat to ter representations, as applied to the in-. the saviods of their country ; however it may Wel -she Sword and Gold Box -Soled td •hin4 will be- prat-
-11 Englishmen who a i.,,it France. The Frrnch, as if,
, true to ttrnt sentiment, take-care that their gratilien- '
tots of the other Powers, or connected with the despotism to the skies, and degrade liberty, by, nick- spoted. '
.1
.
deal success of the Negociations. Tice enlaces- naming it republicanism, it may be proved• to lone shall not be rendered too ape to desire theft
. . Theiriis a purpose to which `the veesele that ieres i . . , . P - Y
s • • • • stvelue, and an every thing subjects them to such,
now in the nerpentine River could be applied, to !
_, _
a and restitotions which England bad to make Penni:fano and his sailhereitts,:when too late; that to asfew who have not visited Pints can well'
render them particular! y interesting,. nit! %mportnutty's °target,
bread! mode. Every thing might now be done reign under the zgis of a free constitution, is more the that rood he twom,,igatAl' conceive ; and' although the country is iolissitely
useful, by' •
he absence of her Ambassador as well as ha his desirable, both for king and people, than to reign by through them, exhibiting on tbeni.the most soccessfor.'abundant, and provisions uncom 1 1 inowl cheap, boor:
ience. She now retains nothing to assist in car- his own fiat, surroutided by the Minieters of parse- methods of conimumicating with vessels stranded Gni! ing betepion of one-third its valise to whet they
, yet at Paris the expellees in every thing is
ig tier points-no allurement 'to reluctant cc- cation, terror, torture, proscription, and death.- a lee-shore, and showing the various and hest mooed a.re
much greater than in London,-and the sources of:
of saving persons from wrecks in those very perilous .
.?scesice-rio balance to the pretensions of unjust Are men, and we trust Spain abounds with them,spendieg moliey out of all proportion more numerous.
situations.—Aa the system has just received the ,
iition. Tuis is surely not the situation in which who have recently enjoyed the liberty of the press, , . On a future occasion I will trouble you with some •1
sanction of the Legislature, a happier moment could I
11111.1, after all her sacrifices and exertions, and were about to taste the. sweets of a rational li. i
• not occur to diffuse such useful knowledge, from observations•made during my trarelling through some
lit to stand. Adjustments of the highest im- berty, to he led back to the slavery of old times, and; many persons of our own country; as well as fo- of the most populous towns in France, on (heir
commercial views, and their thoughts of the peace.
lance to the interest of this country have yet to' to be terrified intone unmanly acquiescence. Tisseed relgoers, being now in town, who have residences on .
Your's, 4Ssc.
made. The fate of Norway, of Poland, and of which resolves all things, will, we trust, prove the, the coast, and are anxious to avert the calamities - . , .
-.. . tape 29, 1814. - J. D. •r
• • that so continually happen on the shottea theft" . .
ony, remains undecided. The question of the experiments for this purpose will never succeed.-
domains • they would naturally attend, and rec.*** -•' • ' .
le Trade, and the arrangement or Commercial Fenormaen has taken a course which cannot hikeABOLITION OF TILE SLAVE Titapc.-Petitions from .
' i ' And • ••
d d '
, -.. , the necessary nstroction. we arerersoa e .
9 ....., ,
sties are yet to ix. tlicussed. On three a: least of unite the wishes of the friends of freedom; i
-° "frYiAttit_ficim the perseverance and zeal Captain MANDY the following places, praying for the immediate and
se topics, those of Norway, the Slave Trade, and part of the rerdssfor his overthrow. The Sucre* Or" Net besiOsitll in producing-and perfecting•this happy I universal Abolition of the Slave 'Trade, hare beets
i'.
ComMercial Treaties, the people of England his desig tread resented to both Houses:of Parliament
designs, would, indeed, be a dreadful example. ;. biventliwr; that he would most readily , attend for ; a Y P •
deeply concerned. Ots the two latter more ---wwd— tied% parpoie. 1 Asbwell Thorp Fontorire
.! Bury St. heusuad's Fulk•nn Royston •
Raleigh
Thursda Mr. Gamma Roils entertained' at , • 1
ply than any other nation.--it 'cannot, , A vtity noinireis and respectable Meeting of the On Y 9 , , : Battersea Footscray fliseiiii . ' .-,r•
Ainiter his Royal Highness the Tame it Iterate, thes! Burford °wend Rowell . • 4
Ply, be called good policy to have given away.ell Inhabitants of Southwark, and its vicinity, took place „„ • Dukes d •fli MI • " title'* Braintree Greenwich
'dl, an most ot e nutters, at Erintrd.i 7, •
...
had to give, without procuring a single stipules yesterday at the HornaTevere, Kennington, tope. be ..n Palace-yard. Rocking
.. ! ',, ti . •:. :i , • Gravesemt
t
. . 9 1 • 4 Kisbott atortford cuildrora , . Battik ale
ion any of these matters. The negociation. in. 1)‘1101t. Parliament agaipst, the revival sec the,,Slese By the Spanish brig Triumphant; aMital?at Cowede ! Basmitbouroc Molt tiepin Walitan
Bromley . [flaked Stenoward . .:::
ich Lord CAsTr.rar.,tca Alas been engaged, has Trade. •. A. report of its-proceedings,wißbofoond in we learn, that the Rattlesnake American sloop of / Einerieay Hammersmith Ptratford '; s -
n termed difficult and delicate; to us, it appears; our subsequent columns.. On this subject, .one deep war was letely cruisittg in lac: A8.1:10„ iii,a, had
cep- 1 Basingstoke Hampstead , • ~ Sadkary .*.
.. ,
Iver ISM . . r
~
turgid the Brkish brig John,; Giddese Master, and Rratiiiiias.'" ...•
t the only task his Lordship had proposed to him- and universal feeling pereadesthe country---e feelingsr ng Ickenham ; ' 4,lelowell ••'• - '
0u is stilt her.. Another A ' b ed shi .
k raeraca,e,t ree-mast is WRII 340,,_ .' •
-• ' 4 lit•Mbiess .
ris the easiest that Cali be imagined : that of be. of pier and Mortifitatiets that thlailtrocions tr • leatictsfurd
h • • scribed
wing upon others what they greatly needed and to he renewed, arida at sts renewal la ,to be ascribed 4
firusditAqt;ll.._4h7e.mq,; The Triumphasi; •
.Mat . Mack
Caiiitester. ,- • Kettering at: morf. crof . ,
• 2,,„.,„.., ,
,i, = •-, 4 ... . I cioitha-0..: ~. • Kioglitoo Thaws Dittos' - • •• i
tired. lie has had the diplomatic skill to procure to the conclueterf peatad.. is evident that no- We are meat concerned in hexing to stateAso kap! Chisbills i., •. i Kelvedon
ITlnimeil
~ . .
. .
.. . .
. .
•
'swanlike
it acceptance of our desirable gifts; and, we doubt thing can so lega reskeasper national character froms i condne . . Lewes
page of the bank of .hiesere_ ,-.l3araard 9 44'4414" ' Colchester ' ',;', LsoniVolt 7` •• ° • •
Moods . G .nu . . . ~,
I, that when recommended by his Lordship's doe the ignorainprof•dbie,tsansitetion, -as the popular (Bnoten). MI y-( moo otego.. , ~. catkeitan , ~,,,, , iao.., . Timithig
.. •Tr t.l tple, IJ:bridge i
Puce and address, they might have been ac- proceedings, iellickilialistt:that the whole nation, with porssiowen, Aux 1.-arrived
, s ~ ,n,
*Sealesee'issbiolliti. Cogteriskry,
_,.., 3 !tie Woburn
~
ware, lO 0 Cade HoMellaa / linirrlll
tied had they even been twice as many and one voice, and in:tonts'of the wannestindignation, , cisme, fron the Downs; no theigistate.vs,mbrit, troll A. 3,7
e. 0...,,,,
;.. ,
.„
7.. ,rw..5.411,1,,..
ire as desirable. 'The imperfection of our diplo- disavow and condemn it. It wilt !Ong remain as a moods-Arrived tress the likliterrsecoa, soder convoy' of Mei ..:41.01.,• ..,:, -, - mod .- .:-.- --- • • wrromine.o
- lard
•. hat ..I, sj -.. . ' Wentlie.,ll..tdi
ey will not, we are convinced, be concealed by foul stain in our camels; brat it, is a stein obi& majests'ashisaltatme, sinceloy toe Means *V Ctlorie 1411.11111.1 • martL,r4 " . - IV w" "".• ..a"' Won twirls
wirkwat,sustiMervst me.
brilliancy of our fire-works and illuminations, posterity will be Wright to ethnic- el applying not i Consmatina, Pr. .. ..
.. , psirsassaikftlkrge,i 5...
,ralkiti:3Nl 0 ft, , ..-:.,e,, I yesetalmsee mei, . . .
'tidal of Ito the people, bat eitirtig emir Cidiernmetiti The : °nicer' Ariel' gweils".. , 1,1 7og 1,41 , 114„„ 41 1;44444 it isukap."lolll% z....i1,..4. wr.404.111.1., r•• .
. W
✓ oill such Identities long render us unmindful at Ike Illotherhank.--Neilest 7 s ~ slbe Pip!, 1.--
V" ~. ••..
honour and welfare of our common country. Government anstllli lults comb- Pei* ems- i moth; sod the Dextrose, frk t)ii irk. . y.% -9*. *: 1 •I•Y :7_,....7' , 411011.1.0. ..4 2 ,
~ IM ei1156.4" . -
.. .1 ~ t
Alli
.i . ,
at peace should be popular is certainly desirable; sion) to their. tempest OM* 01111104(.1114110* PI•YROIlils JRIIIIIII/211iit? into i'''maitaill't .".i .
. a. n., J 1 iliagisfi! • ,
.: ......!,:.. 11 ..,r
- - ' •
•
, . • • ~ . • ,
•
. r
' ' • .
.. ''
• •
_ .
..
... \ .
• . . • .
