THE Si ATF.SMAN.

changes which thee imperiously calls fot ia all human
affairs. But this can never be accomplished by tumultu-
ous combinations; however honestly intended.—Oentle-'
men, there is no possible chance of any kind of reforms-
tion whilst these irregular courses are pursued, because
of the strength they are sure to throw into the hands of
a Government already too strong, from the present forma-
tion of the House of Commons, fur a Constitutional Ad-
ministration of our affairs. Those ill-advised proceed-
ings alarm the timid, and furnish a most happy pretext
to corrupt time- to propagate alarms throughout
the country,—alarms which have been too long the cer-
tain recruits, and the infallible resources, by which our
public councils have been over and over again propped
up, when they seemed to be completely at a stand, and
without which they must have been contented at least to
govern us by the ancient laws, and to have long ago
considered in Parliament the subject of such reforms as
the calm good sense of the country 'night have presented
for consideration. It would not be fit for me to enter
into particulars here; but this I believe I may say with-
oat impropriety on the subject of reform, that &sleeting.
as I firmly dO, to Annual Parliaments and Universal
Suffrage, or to any other species of eire-tion a hen claimed
as a right, eseept that unquestionable right to the best
government which impreseriptibly riles in the breasts
of every community, whatever may be the real or sup-
posed history of any country; it will be well for re-
formers and for reformation, if the public sentiment
and the opinion of Parliament shall be ready to go as
far as I shall be ready to follow them. The tient-ea,
Election is now at hand, and I wish the people may
show that they are worthy of a Reform of Parliament,
and of an extensive enlargement of the elective fran-
chise, by the honest use of what they have. In Scotland
you can du nothing unless you can work a miracle by
suddenly chancing the opinio.ns of the few that have the
appointment of the Members to Parliament. To call
them electors, in the popular sense of the wind, would
he absurd. In England it is different; and defective as
the right of election is. it might go a great way, if peo-
ple, in this great crisis of their country, would only
condescend for once to be honest. lietillemen, I have
trespassed on your time too long, but I rannot conclude
without assuring you, that however I may be thought
to have ne•-leased my country by so long an absence, I
have ever been sincerely attached to it. 7 hough I appre-
ciate the Union of the I nited Kingdom as a great blessing
to both, and wish prejudices of every description to he
forgotten. yet I hope always to see Scotland continue to
be separate aml independent, with her own religious
establishment and her laws, customs, and manners. I
am happy, however, to see the Trial by Jury, in civil
eases, established in this land, an I to Simi it under
the auspices of so old and so affectionate a friend. ft
is not because the Trial by Jury is evablishett in Eng-
land that it deserved adoption and encouragement Item,
bnt because of its own intrinsic excellence and wisdom;
and I rejoice to witness the ability, the skill, and the
prudence, with which the Lord ( hief Commissioner.
and the Learned Judges, his associates, are bringing
it to bear in the happiest and most useful manner, with-
ont at all disturbing, whilst it so essentially and so
manifestly improves the ancient administration of jos-
tice. To reduce to writing, at an enormous expense, the
most ordinary and fugitive transactions of common life
only to fall asleep over them whets on paper or parch-
ment, instead of bringing witnesses face to face for their
immediate determination, was an obvious imperfection,
but which, like others of a long standing, could only be
corrected by cautious but liberal experiments, sure in
the end to be successful, when the benefits were practi-
cally felt. ((enamels, I must now take my leave of you,
as no words can express the gratitude I feet to all of you.
There are two generations of my family present; and I
trust that when I can no longer remember this day, a pe-
riod which cannot be distant, they, and all who shall
ever be dear ended from me. will hold it in prepetnel
remembrance.
[This speech was often interrupted by loud, continued
cheerings; and his Lordship sat down amidst bursts of
applause.]
The (Imamate gave, "The Duke of York and the
Army."—" The Duke of Clarence and the Nary."—
" The Constitution at established at the Revolution."
Gentlemen, it is not meant to be implied that there was
no settled Constitution before that period. but that at
or about that time new and valuable securities were ob-
tained for the protection of those liberties, which, in
England at least, had been always claimed, and often
acknowledges!, as the ancient and lawful inheritance of
the people.
A great number of patriotic toasts were drank, Inter-
mingled with several speeches from the lientlemen pre-
sent. The evening was spent with the utmost hilarity,
and the company did not separate till a late hour.

NEW SOVI'll WALlll.—The progress of the settlements
in New South Wales and Van Dirman's Land has been
so rapid, that they now possess, of their oleo
_growth, all
the necessaries of life, and are even enabled to wake
exportation of a surplus produce. They have lately sent
horses to Batavia, cattle and salted meat to the Isle of
France, and flour to the Cape of flood Hope. Nor do
these colonies less contribute to the wants 01 the blo!ber
Country, which they supply with sperm, black oil, seal.
skins, and wools of a quality not less inferior with the
best Saxon and Spanish. The ship Surrey is on her
way to England, freighted with these valuable articles.
The exertions of the colonists bare been retarded by the
duties imposed on their exports; but there is reason to
hope these impediments will he removed, as a petitioa
for that purpose has been transmitted to the Legislature
br the Bovernor.—Total population of the territory
23,050 souls, being en increase in one year of nearly
6,090 inhabitants.
couscit. RCM, OR CAMP lIIPEOCRI. •
The Council and Indian Agent have held two seas-
rib with the Indians. The Pawnees, with whom the
first was held, are very strong, moil able to bring into
the field 2,000 warriors, and 700 fire-arms; they are all
mounted on nudes, which they steal from the Spaniards;
they appear friendly. These Indians are not more than
90 miles from as, and are in our camp every day. The
regiment is healthy.
RETRACT OP A MITTS* PROM RIO JANEIRO, DEC. to.
COMMERCIAL. .

Since my last date this market has not materially al-
tered. There has been a very large importation of wines
from Portugal, and a great deal also from Catalonia ;
but, as the previous stock was small, high prices were
generally obtained on their arrival. Two cargoes of
Catalonia which came in lately, brought 35 dollars per
pipe; two have since appeared, for which it is probable
not more than 40 will be had, as the dealers are rather
disposed to bold off; but as it Is an article of great con-
sumption, it will find ready gale, and at the usnal prices
of 85 or YU dollars per pipe. A few pipes should always
be brought with wine. In oils and gin there is nothing
doing, and no prospect of improvement ; better from
France and Holland, and Dutch cheese, are always cur-
rent articles. American butter will not sell. Flour Is
also ready sale, and for that made of new wheat ; there
is yet a good deal of old on hand; but I do not think
the price of flour will go beyond oor 10 dollars. Cod
fish is much wanted ; soap and sperm similes are over
abundant in supply. Our stocks of produce are rot large;
cottons are in behk demand for England: sugars are
plenty ; there is I:ttle demand for them ; coffee is rathet
scarce ; La Plata bides are tolerably plenty, and without
demand.

_ ~

SPAIN.

-...00.--
TWO NATIONAL JOINT TO Till •rlMt=ll PEOPIX.

The corps of the Spinlsh Army, who declared them-
selves in the beginning of the year for the cause of their
country, conceive themselves bound to expose to that
country the motitei of their conduct, the steps they have
hitherto taken, the sentiments by which they are ani-
mated, and the hopes which they thence conceive in
favour of the nation of which they are the sons.
It is not their intention to call to the recollection of
that natidn the past glories which it derived from its
virtues. History has handed them down to the present
age, and the gpaniards of our days, however winch
they differ from their fathers, delight in admiring the
monuments which attested their heroism. The country
of the Pelagios, the Alfunsos, the Fernan, Gonzales, the
kids, was celebrated through the world. Its beautiful
soil, the most fertile of Europe, corresponded to the
grandenr of its herues. In arms, arts, legislation, in-
dustry, sciences, and literature, it had no cause to envy
other nations, to the greatest pail of which it was the
object of envy, a mirror, and a model. Invincible in
war. generous and amiable in peace, the Spaniards were
renowned for their spirit, for their intelligence, for the
profundity of their genius, and the sentiments of honour
which were so deeply rooted in their hearts.
How comes it that this nation, once the first of En-1
rope, hoe, for three centuries, ranked in the class of su-
baltern and iasignificant States? How comes it that the
nation which once pure sway over Italy, the Low Coun-
tries, the coast of Africa, the immense and wealthy pus.:
sessions of America, began to decline from the very we- I
meat in which it obtained such extensive dominion, such
formidable power? How comes it that industry, the
sciences, and the arts, did not make that progress
among us which they did in foreign nations ? How
Itae time very character of the Spaniards suffered so vi-
sible an alteration in the eyes of the observer, who
examines the physiognomies of nations?—How happens
it that a country, which in every respect ought to art so
prominent a part in this world, presents nothing worthy
of itself?
_ _

Spaniards, the problem is easily solved. When na-
tions begin to he the absolute possessions of one man,
they are buried. The desire to aggrandise the Prince
occupies the place of sentiments of patriotism and glory.
Seduction, the arts of intrigue. sordid machinations. im-
posture, treachery, and perfidy, are so many evil ge-
noises which hover round the throne of absolute and
arbitiary Kings. Spain suffered more from these evils
than any of the other nations since the time that Feidi-1
nand thi Fifth began to forge her chains. The Princes
of the House of Austria vied with each other is raising'
the edifice of the domination and despotism, which are
so well known. From that time the people were reckon-
ed for nothing in politics.
In vain the nation showed itself great and worthy of
its name, when he who gave laws to Europe endeavour-
ed to enslave it by means of machinations and perfidy.
The armies a hick carried terror to every other country,'
were unable to stifle its generous voice. Not content with
combating against external enemies. it endeavoured to ex-
terminate the internal enemies, who were still more
ruinous, by means of a Government which afforded se-
eurity to civil liberty and to property. The Constitu-
tion received its sanction in front of the bayonets of the
enemy ; these bayonets disappeared from its soil, and
saw thn the termination of their power and their
triamph.
But what advantage did the Spanish people derive
from so many sacrifices and so much valour? the King,
who owed the most to his nation, made the first trial of
Ms power in overturning it. The fathers of the country
who erected it were treated as criminals and traitors.
To love and desire a Government which might be more
nsefill to Spain was high treason. Prisons and exile were
tisk reward of those who deserved hest of their country.
Hearts inflamed with their past glories were filled with
terror, and to the sweet air of liberty, which gives life to
States, succeeded the corrupted air of slavery, which
carries with it civil death wherever it blows. _ _

No—never was any nation more abitrarily treated, and
more insulted. Spain afforded then an example of suf-
fering which astonished Europe. Those who wished to
hare it believed that its enthusiasm against France had
been the effect of stiperstition, triumphed then over those
who attributed it to more generous sentiments. How
suddenly did the nation sink which had taken so sublime
a flight? How did it allow the edifice which it had
erected with so much labour and so much blood to be
overturned ? Hew did it rash to the yoke, after all its
sacrifices to shake it off?

People of Spain, generous, valiant, and great ; people'
called by your destiny to be the first on the face of the
earth, unite yourselves to your children, and give those
laws which will ronstitute your prosperty and greatness.
Without laws there can be no States; without laws sanc-
tioned by representative bodies, there can be no civil
liberty; the greatest good which a citizen can enjoy.—
!Intone these virtues, the fruit of the intelligence and
the experience of ages. Dive to the world this grand
spectacle that it hopes for from the nation, which for 12
%wars past, has put all Europe in motion. Do not let it
he said that apathy is your element, and that the irons
of slavery are alone suited to you. Unite yourselves to
your sons, who aspire only to the sublime honour of
breaking them. Their arms awl their blood are yours,
and hundreds of thousands of arms depend solely on
your will. What du you hope for: What barriers are
opposed to you? Who shall oppose the will of a whole
peo2!e? Spanish Nation, if you do not turn so form-
?site a crisis to account—if you do not appreciate as you
ought the Aurora of felicity which already dawns on
yon, do not sigh, do not complain. The ills that you
suffer, you will d edly suffer.
_

As Chief and Organ of the Army,

ANTONIO feutitooa.
Cadis! Cad's! Where is thy patriotism ? Where are
the dvil virtues which distinguished thee? Art thou
that glorious asylum, where, a few years ago, the nation
found a refuge, and promulgated those laws which for
ever ought to have made us happy? How is it, the re-
membrance of so great an e'Velit does not inflator thee ?
Dost thou behold, with indifference, the glorious destinies
which await thee? _

Why dust thou hesitate ? Freedom is at thy gates,
and thou still slam'acrest. Thou 11 its generous
calls, hut still art thou stationary. The Constitution has
been proclaimed in the city of San Fernando, and does
not this inspire thee with ardour?
Cadiz! awake, and behold the abyss to which thy fatal
torpor leads thee. Rise, and dare to be free. Cadiz, in
slavery, is the outcast of humiliation and misery. Cadiz,
fete, would be the Queen of opnlent towns. lolls with
ns; open thy gates to those who have sworn to die for
the civil liberty of their country, and at the end of next
year it shall again be thy lot to breathe the pure and
delicious air of freedom.
Head-gainers, San Fernando, Jan. 11, 1890.
As Chief and Orgaa of the Army,
(Signed) Antonio Qutaooa.
Soldiers!—Yonr General Is softsilled with you, and I
Am aware that the best spirit relefisillinng ail the
and that you despise the ridicul&difftimlses whirr the
Governor of Cadis makes to you la his insidious pro-
clamations. Soldiers! You already. know that these
men promise much when they are in difficulties, but
afterwards they send you over to America Is die, so a
reward.

. .

•

I

In the name of the nation 1 address other h01m...
to tor.—You know that nen, Spanhrd is barge '
serve his country, and that the litter, after a cent.", till:
ought to recompense his service.. 'll.e soldier, oh„,
time is our. d •es reward lie is entitled to a
means of lit Ailioud. it ith these ideas, 1 std:
and, in the name of our country, assi,re y.iu;— 5
et. That within two years, the whole of the aril .
actual sets ire shall be iiishaniled. 4

2. That to i.ohlicrs, who ran prove eight ear.' p.'
• -- • •Ire
shall be given ten fanegas of fend, imappropristeg
near the town to which be belong., soil ifwv
of ?Igloo ; in those whop may have served lb jean,fancies and 1,5C0 riots; 20 years, 23 fanegas, and eo„
3. That these benefits are to he extruded to all i„
Biers who may embrace the cause of their month% 1,,
loining the national army, in order to contribute',
iberation, nr who may aid in air same eaterpsii"
other preints.
4. That ail the widows, mothers, and rhildrea
who may die in the present campaign 'ball fully ea*
the same benefits.
Soldiers confidence. The troops who are sE
yet with us. will soon join it 4, a have done all 'h.,.
who have been able to come to Then saited.v:
will save oar country, and my promises nil. Le feikiki
Head-quarters, San Fernando, 15th Jan. 1820.
(Signed) Asvromo QVIROGi.

Provincial Militia!—Against whom are you takirs
up arms ? volt, who are destined fur the defence of you
native lane!: you, peaceable citizens, v.ho alone sou.
to draw the sword against an invading enemy; yk.
considered among all nations as the Loth:la of libtm,
you certainly are not coming to make war upon us,*
nerds, who follow the saute banners, soil alto are pit
testing your cause and that of your trinities.
3iintiomen !—We do not rise against the religion ,
our ancestors, against property, or the legitimate egle,
of the King. Ask the towns in n Lich we lire; Ail
will tell you what has been our conduct.
Militiamen !—Come to liberateocr country ; to semi
the happiness of our children, and to put an end to u
iniquitous and oppressive system of contributions, aoi
soon shall you return to your labour to live is peso
under a just Government, which, instead of opprtniag,
will protect you in your noble occupation of caltiratisg
the lands of free Spain.
Head-quarters, San Fernando, 15th Jan. 18f0.
As Chief and Organ of the Army,
(Signed) A vrosto Quacisi.

LONDON:

WEDNESDAY LVENINH, MARCH I, 1820.

Or A LETTER FROM TTUN; D, DATED !IRE. N.
liar, with the whole of the United forces.
pit preparing to take up their line of march on
fief& The only portion of Venesnela or New
limit that is yet in possession of the Spaniards
Aiwa: De Leon will be occupied during the
Feast month : and Morillo will be compelled to
fiallene:a by Pie commencement of January.
•sd become educed t..) the fortifications of Porto
collo, which, with a few vessels of war, will be
eitsel to surrender.

lldatest letters from Cadiz and Madrid give
wnsafactory news of Spanish affairs: but the
Proismation from the Commander of the National
Ums, (as it it now properly called, in con tradistinc-
Li ha the Royal Army) to the people of Spain,
lid+ will he rend in another part of our Paper,
,Atlis volumes. Detached pieces of intelligence
ray communicate falsehoods—they do that every
oar ; but excamotances tell no lies. This Address,

trogh penned by a soldier, is at once pathetic.ya-
t* atiajiritisophic, and cannot tail to make a
'overfill appeal to every heart which beats in uni-
on with freedom, and sympathizes with the un-
t., emary sufferings of mankind. We undertake to
,ay. that its reasoning *II penetrate further than
the sharpest swords or bayonets, and be listened to.
sad heard at remoter distances, than the report of
Me largest or loudest cannon ever invented by man
ir the destruction of his fellow-men. How grati-
!...v is it to observe how these people have pro-
tted by the esample of France, whose impetuous
,ms in the commencement of their Revolution, in
mpatienceofrecovered freedom, dashed their chains
v,cut, right and left, to the destruction of enemies,
od, unhappily, of friends too. How wonderful and
~,uhme will be the sight of Spain, so lately the
offof every free nation, enjoying a Constitutional
Oarter equally based on the will of the people.
Lid with ins:itutions less corrupt, or rather wholly
I.ae from those corruptions which defile the Go-
itrnment, heretofore the pride of its people, and
the admiration of the world!! Should Great Britain
permit nations of the above description to get the
vart of her, in the coming new contentions for free-
dom. we run in no danger of contradiction by allirm-
ae, that her race of prosperity, whether political
t' commercial, is at an end ! !

From the rise of the French Funds, it would
kill that all apprehensions are removed of a suite
tvcats following the aasasalitation of the Duke
at Bum imagined to be planned by a conspiracy.
41wher circumstance, and a material one too, in
accounting for the amendment of the French
Storks, is, that the censure on the Press meets with
otbposition where it was not at first expected.

The state in which the Spanish army is seen
at tilts moment is one of the most awful lessons
Is licepsuisns, and most grateful omens for freedom. that
'he politieal or heavenly rainbow has exhibited to the
,Ere eye since the intsrcourse between polished States.
4"4 "al Pima, commanding the Royal troops, was so
II from being prepared for, or desirous of, attacking
tol- Raton on bis way to Algeciras, that he had enough
t° do IV keep the men of two or three battalions from
tom/ over to those who are, as matters now stand, tais-
koled the enemy! May such be the lot and condition
"t every King who confides is his soldiery rather than
.1 the PEOPLE.
DICIT•LANE TIICATAF..—The veteran No.'.
box host night appeared at this house, as Steady,
'"he (evoker. It is only by recollecting what he has
Pm), that this singer can, even now, suffer from a COM-
VOl, in the songs adapted to his style and powers.
ire.inot a voice on the stage to which nature has been
"'Profusely bountiful; sad, though the ravages of time
41' bees considerable, the remnant has stilt the power
I'd Own la ea ordinary degree. l'lte loss of sonic teeth
rars to be the greatest impediment to his exertions.
Ills received with that cordiality always evinced by
" *thews at recognising an old favourite.
