"~,
~~

!.
.•

LINES ON SOPHIA,

EULOGY,
WO TIC MEMORY OV TIM LAWS GRANVILLE tIIARP. ESQ. THE
IMINZNT PATRIOT AND PRIDANTHROPIST.

annarseso TO A IPRIZNT!.
• Why mourns my friend, in sorrow's deepest gloom?
Why heaves his bosom, with unsunged grief?
That matchless merit sinks into the tomb ;
Painful the change to us, to him relief.
•
Mall worth like his unto the grave descend,
Without the tribute of one pa►ting lay?
hall So site, so long of all mankind the-friend,
Unhononr'd, leave us for the realms of day ?
: every virtue round thy tomb shall weep,
And Itritain's sons partake a gen'ral sigh;
The s►hle.rhildren of the western deep
Shall Join in sorrow with a widow's cry:
That In t for ever, is that holy ft:une,
Which nerv'd thy arm, and strung thy pow'rful tongue,
T' impeach oppressien's ever guilty name,
.end plead the freeman's rights—the captive's wrong.
Thy genies pierced first the darksome night, •
%I here groaning Africa, despairing lay;
lier wpes unthought of, meet Britannia's sight—
God said, 66 Let Slum* exist," and all less day'.

Nor slept thy arm through many a conflict dire,
11 ith pallid avarice it long maintain'd ;
Till Senates witness'd the consuming fire
Of Truth, and Lust and Cruelty were both enchain'd.
Nor slavery shall escape thy deadly blots.;
To Error's reign, a loud alarm is given ;
Freedom's the right of ev'ry swan below ;
Conviction tr.tvels like the light of heaven.
In 'oath, thy mind corich'd by learniug's page,
Troth for its guide, Benevolence its aim, .
Prov'd just ice to be law; nor Envy's rage.
Could intercept from thee the wreath of fathe.
Religion elained thee for her meekest son,
luitill'ither precepts, and her doctrine: pure;
Thong:, affluent, taught thee ev'ry vice to shun,
Thy wealth not ou thyself bestowing, but the poor.
What num'rous blessings, the distress'd have given;
11 hut human woes, have been assuag'd by thee;
A recompense awaits thy soul in lleav'n,
And shines thy Crown to all eternity I
'le ! whom the world calls great, mark well his end ;
Heroes or Statesmen ! can your deeds compare
IN it h SRAR P ! so long of all mankind, the friend;
Or can ye hope a bliss like his to share ?
A bliss like his you'll share, if faithful found,
Nobly pursuing the high road he trod ;
lit.ti.ta's klantle never reaeh'd Ike ground,
Caught by Eusa.s, from ELIJAH% God.
Neck. venerable Sage! a long farewell !
Some monumental stone thy deeds may bear,
There peusive;,,enius shall delight to dwell,
Aud mingle with thy honour'd dust, a tear.

t•TE DUMMIED Or DR. POLOMON, MID Will OF 3. J.
TODD tS ESQ. WHO DIED TIM MX OF 30Oil 1315,
AGOLI 21.

Could wealth or beauty stay the fleeting breath,
Or suctrcine's charm arrest the hand of dcath,
Ilse young and virtuous 60glibt bad not died,
Nor fond TOM A s for his consort sigh-d.
Wealth, beauty, youth, and virtue's charms prov'd vaio,
3 h strut'„ Img spirit logger to detain;
A4d med'cine could not trim the lamp of life,
Nus save from death the daughter and the wife.
Clay.rold upon the coach--hebuld her lie
Etnisaltn'd with tears from friendship's streaming eye
Mute is that voice which earoll'd wog
And dim those eyes that late were wont to-shine;
Clos'd arc those lips that never aimed guile,
find when they opeo'd—open'd with a smile!
'The lineriag grates weep a last adieu
To the pale cheek that glow'd with c ' son hue;
. The loves, the graces, and the smiles are Bed,
pife's poise stands still—and sweet SOPULCIdeadj
Not cv'n thy Balm of Gilead' could prolong,
0 Sourmov ! the subject of my song
Thy.' Balm oltGilead,' which was wont to bud
in ev'ry clime—and seldom known to fail!

The healing virtues in sad hour are fled,
Lifes pulse stands still—and thy SOPHIA'S dead!
No med'cine can the vital spark restore,
And she who lied-to please, shall please no morel
So when arose, upon its fragrant bed,
Nipt by untimely frosts, droops down its head,
The shades grow faint, in which it was array'dp
And all its short-lied beauties fade;
NO florist's art back to its fold can bring •
The blushing tints—or cause a second spring.
ERINUS.

Lieutenant HENRI' Irtrz.CLARENZE, second son
of the Duke of CLARENCE, broke his right arm
two days before the battle of Vittoria; notwithstand-
Ing this accident. he could not be restrained from
taking post in hit troop. In the course of the action, a
French dragoon had raised his sabre to cut him down,
which however was heroically prevented, by the
gallant youth drawing a pistol from his holsters with
his left hand, and shooting his adversary instantly
through the body.

EXTRAORDINiaIt CAIIIIAGF..—There is now grow-
ing, in a garden at.Brede-bill, in Sussex, a small
plantation of cabbages of remarkable growth. The
following is an exact description of one of them,
which was cut about a fortnight ago :---Iloight
from the ground, two feet and a half, leaves very
la •ge, some of them measuring ten feet in circum-
ference. The main turn, which was noranited at
iti perfection, amounted to as much as two of a
common size. But what is most remarkable is,
that there grew from the bosom of each leaf, smalls
turns, to the number of twenty, the largest (nearly
as big as au orange) beginning at the lowest, and
gradually diminishing in size .at each succeeding
the stalk. To add to
tppeared at the bosom of
others beginning to
and if those, with the
tion, there would have
hundred and twenty turns
without seed, plant, or
of a superior quality,
, stalky ribs, tender, and
seed, we understand, was
,in the neighbourhood of
from whose gardener the
intended, that one or
standing, merely to see the
A few years since,
called Scotch kale, grew
height of eleven feet. A
- the stalk, which IS
J. Bz.efix, cooper, at

-

THE STA'

L4W INTELLIGENCE.
• COURT OF CHANCERY, Jvt.y, 14,
' HAYMARKET THEATRE. • •
MORRIS; V. COLMAN.
Sir SAMUEL Romtwr renewed the motion he had'
made in this cause on the last day, but one of the past
term, and which win• fixed for this day by the Lord
Chancellor's direttipn.
The motion wa#,for liberty to the Plaintiff to em-
ploy performer, tm4 procure all the necessary appa-
ratus for opedlog Vie Theatre for the season, and
carrying on the omml performances without the con-
currence or co-copeitotion of Mr. Colman, the general
Manager and jaini proprietor of the concern, on the
ground that Mr. Colman had utterly refined to do
any thing; and consequently prevented the theatri-
cal performances, is tato, to the great injury of the
other Proprietors. •
Mr. Haat opposed the motion; on the ground
that the Theatrewas ; joint iot2rest, and, • of course,
the consent of all parties interested therein'tteces-
sary to the proposed arrangement ; but on fioding
the motion of the Learned Mover so fnuned Is to
secure the rights of ttie Defendanto and all others
concerned, the opposition was withdrawn,and leave
given to Mr. Morris to conduct the Theatre, giving
securities for guaranteeing to the Defendant and
others their proportionate shares of the profits et the
contlusion of the season.
LORD CHOLMONDEMET D. LORD CLINTON.
This was a motion to stay the Defendant from
felling timber pending the litigation of this imporlant
suit, and was refused by the Lord Chancellor, with
costs.

COURT OF OF KING'S BENCH, JULY it

- - - - - - -
THE KING V. SHERWIN.
This was an indictment for perjury, alleged to
have been committed by the Defendant, an attorbey,
iti`a cause which was tried before Mr. Justice Gibbs,
between persons of the name of Fry and Steele,
Plaintiffs, and another person of the name Malcolm,
Defendant. The action had been "broirght on a bill
of exchange, and the defence was, that it was given
for the purpose of procuring his certificate to a
bankrupt of the name of Newnhatn. To prove this
fact, Mr. Sherwin, the Solicitor under the Commis.
sion, and also Solicitor to Messrs. Fry and Co. was
called: but he swore, that the bill was 'not given for
any such Consideratioe, which was the perjury for
which hif was at present indicted.
Mr. Hanlynn, Solicitor to the prosecution, proved
the proceedings at the trial of the cause of Fry v.
Malcolm.
A. Newnham, the bankrupt, swore, that he called'
several times on the Defendant, for the purpose of
getting his certificate ; that Defendant told him, af-
ter putting him off several times, that he could not
have it, without the Assignee, Fry, and the Commis-
sioners signing It ; and that the Assignee would toot
sign it, without either ss. in the pound on their
debt, in money, or security for it. On the Bth of
November, he went with his brother Henry to De.;
fondant, for a final assurance, that the certificate
would not be granted without either the money. or
the security. Defendant said, that the bankrupt had
better leave the room, which he did. Fry and Co.
never signed his certificate, and those who did sign it,
signed long before the Defendant first mentioned the
security. He got 'his certificate in December. His
brothers-in-law, of the name of Nash, paid the ex-
penses of obtaining it.
Henry Newuham swore, that he called several
times on Defendant, as to his brother's certificate;
bat he said there was to be some security given ; and
on the sth of November, witness gave the bill inJ
question, thinking there was no other 'way to eh,
tain his brother's certificate. He said, he delivered
the Bill on the 12th of December, the day it bore
date, to Fry. He drew the Bill on Malcolm, who'
was his brother-in-law ; Malcolm had been since
sued upon it, and had judgment against him. He
did not tell the bankrupt, because Defendant desired
him not, as it might affect his brother's certificate ;
'he thought the security was void. A person of the
name of Martin was in possessioli of the goods of !
the bankrupt before the bankruptcy, in consequence
of having sued out an execution. He had no com-
munication with Fry and Steele before the bank- I
ruptcy ; Mr. Fry had given a written engagement,
' which he had lost; but it was to the effect, that the ,
witness should have all the dividends received frortsl
his brother's estate, if the bill on Malcolm should be
paid. lie did not receive notice to Output the pa-
°`per till 11 o'clock last night.
Nash proved, that he paid the expence of!
procuring the certificate.
The ATIORNET,GENEHAL felt it a most anxious I
task to defend Mr. Sherwin; every thing that was
dear and valuable to whom, was to pass under the
judgment of the Jury. Mr. Showier weoitto pilau
son with whom he bad been most early acquainted,
after he had been called to the bar. For the spate
of 30 years he had known him as an Attorney, and
he would say, that not a more honourable plain-
dealing man belonged to the profession. He felt no
anxiety as to the facts ; there was not the slightest
foundation for the charge ; the prosecution was ;
vile and • horrible conspiracy, to persecute and rule
the Defendant, because be had disappointed the
views of the family of the Newnhams. It was emit..
menced because it was suppose& that the only two
;'persons who could give evidence in favour of the
I Defendant could not, from their religious preju.
dices, be witnesses in a criminal case. Bat he had
• gone out of his usual course, and the course of the
profession, not to examine witnesses at a cousulta.
tion,-.—he had seen the respectable Gentleman who
sat before him. Relied asked, whether, adhering to
an interpretation of that text of Scripture, " Swear
I not at all," which Interpretation- many good Chris.
tians thought not to be 'correct, he would refuse to
give evidence on his oath,--.-the only way in. which,
in a criminal cue, it could be receivecil—to save the
character and reputation of Ms_ neighbOur? Surely
he would not allow any religious prejudirei to pie-
' vent his Dying the advantage of his testimony; Ha
bad succeeded, and that respectable perSOn Was wil-
ling for once, to wave his particular opinions, end
would give ids evidence on oath ; and it Would then
be seen, that this was a desperate attempt'to ruin the.
Defendant. After some remarks on the evident:ea be
! called thit witsemes

-111177

• I
leaf up to the extremity of tht
► its singularity, there also appeal
each leaf, in the small turns,
shout of a similar nature; tun:
&hers, bad come to perfection
been no less than two hpudret
produced from one cabbage, wit
Cultivation.—This cabing is of
the leaves hating very law stal
of a delicious taste. The seed,
brought by a Gentleman:in ti
Brede, from Liner:4;l4lre, from
-
plants were premed. It is in
two of them shall be left standii
perfection they will. arrive at.
a cabbage, of the species called
r the same spot, to the heigi
'tattling staff was made of
Slaw io the possession of Mr. J
i 'Rye.
