THOU sTATtSittIN,_

. .
plaMly perceive what is the nature and estent of those
blessings which are to be the fruit of this termination
of so many struggles, long sufferings and incetcnieble
' eapenca. Is it freedom from any of the, unjustifiable
oppressions and burthens that have so long pressed
spots mankind ? is it a general amelioration of Go.
iernments and the situation o. the people? Is it the
restoration of political r;glors to nations and indivi•
duals? And can the peace and prosperity of Europe
he the object or the effect ef• such compacts as the
Alliei) Powers have ma.le, a ith this (ICON eel inietititin;
and to cement their alliance arid their victories 2
Whoever looks ott these Conventions and the state of
Furor, will he able to answer these questions.—'
France has, hiked, been humiliated, the Pyre system,
esiti the Pm principles, which have imposed so many
' stii4eries on this country have indeed taiumplred; but
i small are the grounds w hick Europe, if she is not in
ilnie.with slavery and orpression, has for felicitation 1
over the 'extinguished libeoli. '5 and independence of
France. The confirmation of the principle of legi.
limey, that is the support of Kipp, whatever may '
be their conduct, and the maintenance of the Roue-
coxs on the Throne of France, is boldly acknow.
' hedged as the object of the Grand Alliance, as the
t real and glorious object to which all (heir efforts and
desires have been tending, whatever mar ho.ve
Ebeen the disguises under which this darling object has
hitherto been veiled ;'-this is the object for the main.
tenanee of n !rich the people of Great Britain are tt)
..,keep up a large standing army in a time of peace,
land these are the principles, the very reverse of those
1 incolcated by the British Constitution:, which the
Parliament of this country will shortly be called
upon to sanction. It is true that the Powers who
hate thus leagued for Or..preservation of the divine
right of Kings, and who, in the height of their arro.
, gance, tell the world that they *ill allow no notions of
popular right to militate against this, have
itaken the situation of the French people so far into
consideration as to advise their protege now on the
• Throne to be as kind to them as possible, well
knowing, no doubt, the nature of thalGovernment 1
which they have imposed. They recommend 46 a
I
mild and paternal Government," conciliation, and
so forth ; but we can already judge of the taloa 44:
this recommendation by its effects. 66 A wise and
paternal Governmeet proceeding in a proper manner
to tranquillise and conciliate the minds of the people, 1
and abstaining from every act, contrary to such a i
system," may certainly do much towards maintain. !

ing the public tranquillity, and also in re-establish-
ing universal union and confidence, whatever may
have been the conduct of the Allies to France;
but who cqn say 4hat the French have such
a Government ? Who can say that there is
any one act among those which .have dis-
tinguished the return of Louts X Vlll.,calcu-
hated to conciliate the minds of iiis tiubjecis, and
close the wounds which. he ought to be the first to
heal ?—We hear of nothing but new measures of
severity engendering by the Government, of pri.
sons already full of persons against whom no
crime can be proved, and the continual. and
appalling prospect of trials, scaffolds, and ven-
geance, and the murder of poor unoffending Pro-
testants
by bands of wretches wearing the cockade
of a Prince of the Royal Family. " The Dukeq'
of• WELLINGTON is entrusted with discretionary!
powers." Well ! and what then ? The Duke's
discretionary authority is only for stifling seditiots
and suppressing " every symptom of revolutionary
convulsion." The Allied Powers recommend conci-
liation to Lours and his Government—but how have
they themselves practised the conduct they recom-
mend ? Conciliation, it seems, is only a sirtue in
the Meek—the powerful despise it. But let us re- !
mind those who have now in theirfiands the destinies'
of mankind,. that power is of a very fleeting nature,
that Monarchies and States may be weakened, but a I
people cannot ; and time the eternal principles of jos- 1
(lee ate not to be obliterated by swordr and
bayonets. I

COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL:,

• --,.....7- ..
Oa the question reluttse to the espeos.o •of the
,:. Statue Committee of float ly 9001. for Inset* 111 tp*teS,
for ag'recing with the Repott, the foliew.ag emend-
, utant was moved :

. . That at the same lime this Court cannot forbear
expressing its strongest disapin ohation of the impro-
vident expenditure of the Committee in entertain.
ments, and their opinions that in future no such ex-
penditure ought to be allowed.
The following is the division :
ALDIPASCIATE WARD.
Pot Ike
dageadment.
lissom
Furrrsr
Turner

COLTXI.7I-ITR WILT.
For 4gainit
Davies ICevt
• Chapman
CORDWAIM ER.
Stephenson • !lick
• CORNBILL
*Jacks
Angel
Chapman
CRIPPLEGATZ.,
litthersoa • Daher
erl Polten
Wltt Yellowley
Diana Mathews
DOWQITE.
* V andrienta
rattiencopoN WITRJN.
Crowder
Dotal t
Westwood
heble
tilack et
41MiCIDON IVITIIOI7T.
Via ithtis.ta Savage
l:ril i h I larper
('rank • Y wing
iilacket
Patten
Vale

Astriatt it.
Eby

ALDGATIL
• Thorpe
Besticvw.
Britten
• Frisby
SILLINEMATIC.
DOTatill - Bruwa
•ortl
W aloe
Haissno
liquvey
Au*iin
allsoreaeic.
Davies *Grreneway
ILiroa •Na 4.
it limited
Day
Glover
Harvey
hire
Vale
Yates

Fad

MS.& D-lITR ELT.
Solverby Jim) ward
Gai•sim
&nigh
• Mathie
aRIDGIE.

LANGIIOO
Wiltshire
Carter
-Pinder
Stubbing
• i ton, R.
Joyce
VS ttberhy
Ltses-rrstscr.
- glorkrirsts
Dysier
PaRTIPOK plc. •
Carter • tolebatfk
Pkrker
Smith
QU ettentTn
Skillsrek

•lond Woo:wears, it is said, applied MOM than
three months ago to be recalled from his'itiseesion as
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. The Vice-Royalty has
been since twice offered to the Duke of WuAlso-
Toss, who declined accepting it. Within a very few
days, wo . understand, two other Nobleman, the
Duke of RUTLAND, and Earl of Fowls, have beefs
offered, but both have declined. this &lice.
Extract of a letter from Spain.—" The persecutions
in this nnhappy country still continue*, or even in-
crease. Neither high nor low are separated. Dos
ANTONIO Rutz PA DRON, one of the most distinguish.
ed Members of the Cortes, an ecclesiastic of great
merit, and a sincere Patriot, has been condemned to
pepetual imprisonment.; and Dos PAst.o Lcsen has
been awarded ten years confinement. King FEILDI•
NAND, we are told, has Made serious remenstranees
to the English Government on the subject
freedoM which the English Journals have ..., ,
relating the enterprise of the patriotic Paitues4 slid
lamenting his unhappy fate. A contribution of 500,
millions of reals (sboat 5,000,0001.) which tire-Go:1
sersiment intend to impose upon all classes, of the
nation (with the exception of Ike Clergy), excites a
general feeling of displeasure, and causes a hymen. On Monday, as a: me and a boy, who. were em-
tation find may result io unexpected opposition.— ployed by Mrs. Agar, of 'Brockton!, in tile Fetish of
Nothing isknown . with ..ertaitity concerstinglise wi- Warteld, 'were (jigging some send at Lilly Hill Pitt
1 1.. . near '11........,kati4.
dow of P0:11.1 ER." ' . when the sand unfortunately colted.
• Dihotounted detachment!' from the cawalri **pot, in and'. buried them *both. Mr. Thos. Agar soon
stationed in Canterbury,are under order, for France, I came to their assistance and got the mau'our tut Ilwi
to receive the horses of the 16th Light Dragnet's,' boy was killed by suffocation. 1
truesokat-bmissess with the Alders** whO
which regiment is on its return to England, And will Aldertuan. Comas was sufficiently well on Wed.'
be remounted finm the horses left by the above de. nesday to
'easiest" ; after which it ii to proceed tO Ireland. Wet 011
I
. . ..
(
Olt day at eiLibliadi " - • -. . . . .

Cape
Buvil
Cart aright
Green
Locke
1111041.0-11Tt: EXT.
131'0d:tad
• Marriott
l'ai 'Man
elsirt
C A NDLEWICK.
Kirby 1% icb
ilainplrby • %% alter
Alasides
Lit ou
Cart At.
Wanks
Staid'
Prrreil
Hall'
iti!rnig RAIF4III. •

Jupp
Per

Aalslin
Hughes
TOWER.
• Di Mid
TENT", T.
bi y CROOIbS
C..iiw:ty
('rook

Hoz

p .7
11 sureolllbe wi.idtoook. •
aslade , 11641# ' • flall
Fon-mire iToddriieff •"" 'Pram/. • -
ter
Willi'mhe
Ilisrlotk . Helivtiod
Fenton • Itoss '
Those marked atm (ilf weer on the Committee. I

-i ..J'~-

•
- •

PR 8 NCILP ROTES TA NTS'. NAVAL INTIELLIGENCIL
---.....,
—.......
Itdinhuro, Dee 5, 1315.
. . FURTRtiR PARTICULARS OF THE LATE
The Mrstisytne and ELDERS of the Fotostunaw
They write from several of the ports that
ASSOCIATE I'itEOITTEILY this day assembled, haring
not ever remember to have heard of moie loteis.
taken into consideration a letter addressed to one of i,
siARWIcli, Dec. 10.—The brig Alert, of '
their number by the Secretary of the flo.t tin of Pao-
land, Saunders, is on shore at Woodbridge,
TESTANT DISSENTING MIKISTEfts in LONDON, and
likely to be a wreck. —The Palemon, Blyth,
which letter contains certain Rest)[Amon passed by
shore on the Andrews ; ens man drowned
that Body, at an ExTuAoitoroinT GENERAL M car.
Captain's leg broke.—The Gunton; Hillary,
!No held on the ISth of November last, respecting
on the Gueflech ; crew tavetl.—The It 'bey,
the persecution raised against the PROresSORs of the mouth, Ncate,, is on shore on Bandsey. Bea(
ILeconmeo Reim:too in the South of France, ottani- likely to be a wreck. The Swift, Croat ; Hope,
monsly approve of the principles expressed in the worth ; Dianll, M'ilite; inverne.sr, Plat, '
said Resolutions—concur with these Ministers in in here with loss of anchors and cebles.—The
deep and most lender sympathy with the persecuted also dismasted ; (lie Hannah, Henderson,
Protestants in France; and earnestly recommend it loss of bowsprit ; and-the Squirrel, with the
to all the Congregations under their inspection, to
bowsprit and boats.
make coniributiens in aid of the General Fund,
MARGATE, Dec. 10.—The Woodbridge
which is cnllecting in Lortrion, and other place, of the i diaman is still on shore in Pope's Bey, but i
United Kingdom, towards the temporal relief of their lerably, easy, and as yet has not made much
suffering Brethren. I her bead lies been got towards the sea,
They farther recommend that these contributions, icargo will betaken out as soon as the craft
i when made, shall be paid into the hands of the alongside.
Treasurer of the Presbytery, amt be, by him, re-1 . t.
.....01.CIIESTER, DEC. 10.—Theindefaligabk,
mutter! to the COMMITTEE or Sorcei eTemo tame AND . ton, is on shore on the East Burrows, and
DIsTRIDUTION AT WILLIASIs'S 11.113rtkR1r, ' tiro Water; the Lord Huntley', of Aberdeen, is
on the Gunflech ; five other ships are on shore
Crtoss-sTazur, al..o:anorr,—some of the Members
Of which Committee, as stated by themselves, 44 wills t Gunliech, names not known.--A large ship
if necessary, esamine on the spot the miseries they on the Sand, and all hands perished.—:-There
deplore, and dist ribose with impartiality, the fruits of : been so much damage done on this coast i
their Christian Lenerolence." *. years ; we know but little of it yet.
Meantime the Presbytery embraces, with zeal, SnecuNEsa, DEC. 10.—Came in the
the present opportunity to express the liveliest feel- Wandertichlt, and two other foreign reach
ings of satisfection and gratitude at the orssurances of damage: the Captain reports that he passed
his Maj.,sty's Government, to the -DEPUTATION 500 barrels of tar in the Soli). Five casks
, from the said General meeting, “. that (hey feel . wine and a great .quautity of wreckage has
1 the deepest regret at' the dreadful scenes lately in here. . .
witnessed in France, end that they are using, and ' PORTIMODTH, Dec. Io.—Arrived thififidi
will continue to use their best efforts, in their corn- wood, Young, Master, from the Dowvis, ,
soonications with the French Government, to secure , loss of anchor and cable.—Arrived yeaterris
to all classes of French subjects, Whether Protestant , Upton Castle East Indiaman, from the Downs,
lor Catholic., the full enjoyment of the advantages an anchor. and cable ; Bayard, Welkin,
!which the CONSTITUTIONAL CHARTER has provided from the Downs, lost an anchor and cable ; England,.
I-. • -
tor them. 1 Ray, Master, fratn• the Downs, ditto and
1 The Presbytery, in fine, express their ardent Variable, Holin, 'from Plymouth.—Sailed t
hopes, that in the language of the said General jeety's ship .lalin, for the Cape* of Good
issued by the Ganyntede, on a cruize.
Meeting 44 the Ordounace lately. . .
, French King, occasioned by an assault on-a Catholic ! DEAL, Drc. 10.—Arrived and sailed for the
the Ilknois, Noyes, from New York, all v
Officer at Nismes will be obeyed, and prove the
Came down from the River and sailed, the
Head ; for Antigua, landed the OW
commencement of rigorous measures on the part of
the French Government f6r the puni'hment of those !Ober",
Swedish galliot, which she picked op in the'
who have so long massacred the Protestants with ion:,
',unity.
,1 Channel during the gale.—Sailed the whole
(Slgsted) ANDREW LOTHIAN, &Weirder. t homeward-bound vessels for the river.—Kemain
PATItICK. CO ‘lllll/...Clerk. few tail of tfansperts, waiting NE orders...
. (FIVE o'CLocr.—A boat has jostarrived from
Sand, the gruel that I mentioned being on t.
part in the gale, proves to be a collier ; particulars
-unknown ; one searettleund on board dead.
I Porn.; Hite. 10.—Tbe Lord Gambier, 4ishoN
'is on shore.—A brig belonging to Glasgow isr
shore: '
1 YARMOVTI4 DEC. 9.-110. Fortitude, Pilbt,
Sunderland, • is on Kirby Beach.—The Bt-
-1 Cisceign is on shore about half a mile to the
1 of Pakefirld ; /Eau:, , on shore .
1 Got.ton Beach ; and the Autumn, of this port,
shore in the South Hem.—The stern of twe vessels is
washed on shore at Cromer.
PLI'MouTII, DEC. 11.—Came in the Dwarf
from a cruise ; and the Serapis stote-ship, from
Kist w err!. .
Itaassorre, Dec. 9.—The weather bas been
m•derate,. 9nd most of the trade have sailed:

A society of English and Austrians assembled
the 21st ult. in a Masonic Lodge, 'briefed in a
i mote pert of the city of Rome. Notwithse—
their precautions, the populace were soon apprised
! their meeting, and there would here been serest
! turbances, if the Governor, who had tinsel,
i formation, hid not sent a strong guard to petr
streets and disperse the mob. His Excellency
formed she society, at the RaMlFtime, that his
tress did not allow any secret meetings to he be
'any pretence whatever. The Ministers of these
Powers have traesmitted several notes respectin
interdiction to the Cardinal Secretary of State.
BONAPARTE did not send a single letter to
11416 e step arrived .frem tit: Wens, nor ws
ferwit one or his -romptnions to %rise. Ao thi
eh:ng c4n he known from themselves of their
.lion er their sentiments. Minutes of all f
textures political conversations were carefully ,
It meets he spoke with great freedom of the chi'
tern awl views of all the Potentates, as well
their Ministers; and those Minister, which
consi4eresl truly important, are now in the 1,.
our Miiikerg.. According to BONAPARTE'S Opi
the confederacy of the Allies was on the pue
breaking at the eve of the battle of Waterloo
if he had gained the attendant, would have
brakes asunder in 48 basiii.
: Arlsiees from St. Petersilitsegblo (he 12:11 tilt
the lots of t ern valualatesiMpsi the Tisane We
STeereso,e. from the Bay..of .IPiti/and, on Nat
and the Lar', Pox, Master, outward-I:rend.
lam foundered Within 20 !eaten of St. Petersboe
awl the ship arid cargo are estitnated at between
and 50,0001. She was the best vessel of the :
cud to her The most 'linable commodities were
that neenuet priocipally entrusted..
The Rev. Sir •RODEOT Pees, by his marriage
Miss SSIITO, of Herringtee, near Sunderland,
comes possessed of a for:tune of at least one lee
thowtand pounds. it was this lady's residem
Herrissgtoss Hell that was Islet', buret down,and
vivant murdered, by some vitiates, for whnse re.
bension a large reward was offered. The hal
casette spend the honey-moon at her Ladyship's
.14 Hass Hall "rim. Durham.
, . ,

:~ ~.~

:.. -_ .
