TIIE STATESMA

NATAL INTELLIGENCE. ITo THE EDITOR OF THE STATESMAN.
poarswoons, MAT 4.—Arrived his Majesty's Ste,—l have reed an article in your Paper, of this
69 Spitfire, from Lisbon, last from Cork ; his date, stating, that " a Col. JEasixsov, and a Co-
msjeity's ship Protector, from Cork ; Clinker and 'lone! of Marines, had arrived from Ilion in France,
kurty cutters, from a cruise, and sailed again on having been employed to distribute Proclamations to
joto.—Also arrived a few colliers and coasters. the French nation." I should, hope, Sir, for the
pLymou'rn, MAT 3.—Arrived the Jacrus gun- credit of the British Government, for the honour of
prig, from a cruize. , the British Army, and for the reputation of Gent le-
RvisGrrz, MAT 4.—Sailed for Ostend the men holding that rank in a profession, whose jea-
osses transport, with troops.-Arrived the Xanthus lousy of character is the country's best security for
;,311sport, from ditto ;—brings no news that we their loyalty and fidelity, that the above paragraph
gar of. I has been copied from a Paper ill-informed ; and the
llsawtor, MAY 4.—Arrived the Diana packet, more so, as the magnanimity of NAPOLEON has ren-
with a Mail, from Cuxhaven ; and Earl Leicester dered such an officiousness en the part of Ministers to-
picket, with a Mail, from Holland.—Sailed the tally unnecessary. The affront offered to the army by
prince of Orange packet, with a Mail, for ditto. !dekrading Field-officers to a level with spies and bill-
FALMOUTH, MAY 2.—Arrived the Snake packet, stickers, is no less wanton than indecent, and the
„ith a Ail from Corunna, in seven days.—Sailed less excusable, ns it is very well known to every
I,li Majesty's ship Rolla, on a cruize, and several well-informed man that the Emperor of Etta xcr ,on
v.:sets bound coustways.—The brig Mercury, from being informed that the Count de I.n.r.c was inundat-
°ono for London, Ryan, Master, was taken the ing France with Proclamations, answered, " Ho is
nth of March by the Macedonian American priva- very welcome—let them have every possible circula-
te lion, I confide in the aledions of my people, and
(cr. _ _

To nu EDITOR OF TILE STATESMAN.

If the new or additional Constitution which BONA-
PARTE is about to submit to the choice of the French
people, is accepted by them, ns no doubt it will be,
and is literally adhered to, France will not have
much to envy in any other nation, of Europe. It
is not, however, without defects—antl in the eyes
of all Jacobins it has one radical defect, it is not a
It'publican Constitution.—l wish it could have
been 1- but I am convinced that the French are
not fit fur a Republic, and while Rosa e.tuTE
lives, no such thing could be expected notwith.
'standing thE reports that were spread, and even
believed by men not apt to believe in improba.
bilities. The first article that I dislike is the third,
which constitutes an hereditary House of Peers—for
I have uo faith in hereditary wisdom, and those who
are not wise are not fit to be legislators. I dislike also
their number being unlimited, because it gives a de..
gree of influence to the Crown, which is at all times
attended with danger to the interests of the people,
by enabling the Monarch at any time to remove •
popular Member from the House of Represents.
tires, and place him where his voice can seldom be
heard. I dislike also, that the l'resident of the
House of Representatives should require to be ap-
proved by the Sovereign. The choice of the -
. .

. . - . .
their loyalty is the only answer I shall snake to libels . - - _ PeePi,
which are destitute of truth, and to pretensions which
for their own officers at least, should be free and un-' From
the great interest which the people of Erig.
are as impracticable as they are ill:founded." Such
, restrained.. The duration of the Parliament is too land manifested last year for the Abolition of the
was the aro seer of a man, whom an unespegtedesivre: 47 lon am Legislature ought to be unchanged for SLATE TRADE, and the disappointment indicated by
in his fortunes had intoxicated and rendered formi- fire Y •
ears—and it is a great pity that the Mem- them upon hearing that their exertions had failed, it
dable to Europe for full fifteen years, but whose an. I
1 tiers shoeld be indefinitely re-eligible, because in a would then have amounted to presumption had one
i
country.** extensive as France, a change of Members ventured to question their sincerity ; and, indeed, 1
dors:ending is evidently of a texture very different .
may easily be had, and such a change is of great cannot now believe but they are really sincere al.
to that of his brother Sovereigns-eh is of a nature to i
hindering men of pure and unsay i 1
I though a contempt for thiWobject who has been made
fully estimate the value of amicable admonitions, and! service, by the instrument in promoting the sacred cauud, has
p• tu led principles from becoming too familiar !
to well profit by the lessons of adversity. The i
with the habits of a metropolis and the maxims i deterred them from espressing their joy ; otherwise,
short space of eleven months was sufficient to coy. I we might natural) have expected that a day Would
of a Court. It would have been well to make
rest all the errors, and even all the vices, of an hoe- 1
. I the Members ineligible for two successive Par.: have been set aside for a general thanksgiving.—
gular ambition, to which the sinexampled brilliancy IHow unreasonable this principle is I shall not here
linments. The 17th Article expressly opens to the
of his rapid career had given birth, and which the . attempt to prove, for in our coentry and in our city
Ministers of the Emperor an admission into both
pitiful malice of the Crowned Heads of Europe had there are those who are far better quaiified ; and I
Houses of Paliament- it would have been better if it
almost justified. had escluded them. The 413th Article is, in my 0 pi- .am sure that after mature reflection, the friends of
Its vain he's liliell'd, and in vain outlaw'd, Ilion, the most objectionable of the whole, because it :humanity will be led by their good sense to confess
The pour resource of diplomatic fraud ; seems to arrogate for the Government the collective the injustice and criminality of (for it is no less thou)
A mean display of base, revengeful spite, wisdom of the nation it seems to assume that
i wrestling with the will of GOD, because it has
; Go-
Like angry curs who snarl, and cannot bite,
vernment better knows the wants and wishes of the pleased him to convince us, that he can use with the
.
If Ministers are ignorant that the magnanimity of : people than their own Representatives, and it takes isame efficacy both the good and the evil : virtue hi
the French Emperor has allowed free. circulation to all : from Wiese Representatives the power of becom-
can make to multiply in good works, and out of evil
the Papers issuing from the Royal Press at Ghent, lag popular, by proposing wise and salutary laws.— he can bring forth good.
in the name of the person styling himself 66 Loves' It is in every light objectionable, and I can hardly For my own part, my attention is engaged by a
XVIII. BY THE GRACE OF GOD, King of i suppose that any honest friend of liberty can circumstance yet more aggravatingmore humiliating,
Frawce," they are ill-served by their spies, secret , defend it.--To give the EMPEROR the right more debasing than any which has yet transpired.—
and avowed, and will have an obligation to you, to lof pardon, is to a certain extent to place him The horrors of an expected war, the prospect of st
which they are littleentitled. As there seems to be a i shove the law—it is to confer on him an attribute long continuation of a grievous system of taxation,
regular importation of falsehoods from the Court of the', of *the Divinity—it is investing him with a power in short, adversity's bitterest thought, I k Watt- our
French Pretender, in order to lull the people in this ! which sets him above the collective wisdom of the country seems required to drink, cannot but exact
country, who are little conversant with public affairs, • nation, and seems to say, that he can never err. the commiserating tear of every Christian, of every
into a belief that the army of IST Till it is defined what is the legal responsibility men- , well-disposed Briton ; but it must not be the pa.
..APOLErtN, assembled
on his frontiers, are deserting to the enemy by regi- tioned in the 64th article, we cannot tell whether the i roxysm of a moment--
meets, you will not only do common justice to a press is, to he tree in France or not, because it may; •' This is no flattery: tbese are counceltors
body of gallant men, most shamefully slandered by . be established by law that truth is a libel, as it is es.l That feelingly persuade us what we are.
contradicting these ill-founded reports, hut most pro- : tablished in England by the doctrine and practise of 1 Sweet are the uses of adversity.. •
Which, like the toad, ugly and venomons,
bahly render an essential service to your countrymen , the Courts. Unless the only restraint upon printing .
Wears yet a precioosj• jewel in his head."
by better instructing them of the real state of things, ' is an action for'damages, which leaves the Defendant
and preventing their credulity being abused by 'at liberty to prove the truth of his statement, This consideration will make those misfortunes, no.
reports intended to deceive them, and ultimately to the liberty of the press is an empty sound. The tier whose weight our cons!itotione would other se
enslave them. Those who suppose that the war is 65th Article, which commands all Petitions to become a prey to despair, appear, if tint trivial; at
solely and exclusively confined to the reinstating the be addressed to the Emperor, is a latent mark of his least supportable. The calamities that surroued.os
discarded family on the Throne of France, are most lessedsay A ,popehLr assemblies .;...it_ishows that he are great and incalculable; but if they teech it*
egregiously mistaken; and those who declare, on the , still wishes to be considered as the sole power in the dams we may seeiCun-rirli r tea n" s • •
part of this country, that its object in entering into State, and that what he has relinquished to the ln the meantime, Sir, let os•apply our theory' to
treaties with the Continental Powers, is not for the . people, is more from compulsion than from incline- practice. Permit me to call the attention of your
purpose of restoring the BOURBONS, or interfering 1 tion. Whether the people of this country are will- readers to an evil that begins at home—one thet more
_ _ _____ i with the domestic affairs of France, assert what they ' ing to go to war with the French for choosing to ! intimately concerns them—an evil which degrades!
Of six vessels which Sailed from Harwich on the know to be completely destitute of all truth ; ' have a better Constitution than their own, and for , our character, and which it should behove us all to
. and their own inconsistency in making such a : choosing one dynasty to rule over them in preference s use our utmost efforts to remove. We have heard of
16th ult. fur the Helieoland fishery, only one es-declaration in the face of the Declaration of the !to another, it is somewhata Decree, which at once abolishes the French Slave
coped the dreadful storm of the following tlay, and difficult to determine; but
one of Allies at Vienna, the 13th of March, and of the Trade; but the same Newspaper informed us, that
got hack to that port in a disabled state; I believe that were the influence of Government put
Treaty which they have subsequently signed and I out of the question,the abolition of one Slave Trade is only celebrated
them was wrecked off the Texel, and her crew of and it was fairly left to the ho-
by the revival of another. THE BRITISH lIIPRESI
I entered into with those Allies, falsifies their assertion, nest vote of every man in the kingdom, the majority, seven men all perished ; the other four are also be-
Mr.' establishes beyond all doubt, that the primary
lieved to he lost. 'lacy were all the property of Mr. in favour of Peace, would be at least ten to one ;
object of the contemplated war is first to restore a , never have been renewed. This is an evil which is
S. Howard, of Mistley, and commanded by his six i 1 and, therefore, I conceive that Ministers, by
tons. i despised and incapable Family to a Throne which !plunging the nation into a war, take upon termed by the inconsiderate " unavoidable ;" but I
I their ancestors had repeatedly forfeited, and from to show that there is a remedy, and to neglect
It most be a satisfaction to know, that a Medical themselves a most weighty responsibility, and a i hope
board is established by Dr. S. COOPFR, and three ! which they would have been ignominiously driven, '
greater risk than any set of men ought to be allowed ;its use, is wantonly to betray our trust, and to abuse
E7linetit Surgeons, after 30 years experience in stric. i.if the principle had sooner been acted upon in ;to answer for. The national safety, nay, almost the' those talents which were committed to our care, for
tires, debilities, &c. Sze. at Charlotte-house, Great, France—that Kings are created by the People,' national existence, depends on the result. If BONA- . the purpose of protecting the lives and happiness of
Lharlotte.atreet, opposite Row,. sea Hire's Chapel, 1 that he is an individual selected by them; and most CARTE and his capital are not soon in the hands of the our fellow-creatures.
kackfrinrs'-road, Loudon, where the public are liberally paid by them for the sole purpose of super. I Allies, the war may be protracted to an almost inde- ' That our navy must be equipped and manned, we
relieved from the most dangerous diseases. without . 'mending their affairs, and that when he departs finite term—years may be spent in fruitless calamity, all know ; that a sufficent number of men. do not
iivatien or confinement, and after Ilospierls have 1 from the purpose for w hick he was appointed to pre. and half the Governments in Europe may be oser. volunteer, we likewise know ; but do any bike the
tailed. The institution claims the attention of those . side over their interests, he dethrones himself by his turns d. But if the Allies content themselves merely trouble to enquire into the cause ? No : people can•
all° may have attempted the cure themselves, or who , breach of trust, and has no claim to their obedience with measures of observation, they will do all tent themselves with the superficial observation, that
have been so Wind and unfortunate as to consult mei, or respect. This principle is happily afloat in the , that ;s requisite for their own safety, and wilt our ships have not their complement, and that the
i46nratit of so important a branch of the profession, minds of mete ft is every where felt and acknow- • save the useless expenditure of many millions, Impress Service must furnish the necessary supply ;
s4liese improper treatment have mercurialized thou-'. ledged throughout Europe, except in Russia, where and the loss of many thousand lives. I have often that it is a pity that no other means can be resorted
sands out of their existence ; eruptions on the, the peasants and the farm go in one lot, and are sold wished to persuade myself that their. immense ar- to, but it cannot be helped. Thus, without enquiring
bead, face, and body ; sore eves, throat, mouth, ito the highest bidder. The Princes of the day, aware moments and preparations have no other object • what encouragement is held out to volunteers, a
21,1 Dose; vertigo, noise in the ears, deafness,' of the change that has taken place, are afraid of in view ; but then again, I can hardly bring my- • system of slavery is at once disapproved, and
dirtiness of sight, often ending i, bti,„l„ess ; ! being compelled by the people to establish laws that self to believe that they could bear to see yet sanctioned and practised. Thus, the sailor
shall know of no distinction except in crimes, amid who has been absent from his country and his fiiends,
pains in the head and limbs, frequently mistaken for . France prosperous and happy under any circum-
dietimatisai ; extreme weakness in the knees, swelled that shall exact equal justice from all ; to prevent ' stances, much less under the role of BONA.. has encountered the violence of the gale and the risk.
st.kles, with a general debility, &c. are only a few! this, a project is formed to annihilate a princi- PARTE, and therefore I cannot but anticipate of the enemy, has endured the privations of a tedious
of the dreadful symptoms which frequently appear . Pie so fatal to despotism by dragooning France . the frightful struggle as about to commence—which voyage,and the injurious effects of tropical extremes,
in order to furnish the luxuries of our table, is, on
into an unconditional submission to the Bototeost ever way it terminates, it may be fatal to the cause
;fears after, and too often embitters the matrimonial
state. Messrs. COOPER and Co. are consulted daily i sway ; and if so immense an empire as France cant of civil and religious liberty, for which ever side is entering his native country in expectation of enjoy.
hy all ranks of peop
(for no others are answered),le from ten till eig ht, or by , be reduced to obedience by the codibined despotism 'victorious, will be left without restraint or con-
ing the blessings of a peaceful haven, and the society
letter, ittclosing a fee
with which it is threatened, farewel, not only to the : trout, and therefore the people must he the sufferers;
of his friends and countrymen, legally taken pd. sorter by them, and again banished to a foreign sta.
liberties of the people on the Continent, but to the : whereas if measures of vigilance only are adopted,
staling their case, when medicine and the best advice
liberties of the people of England, who are no less n
....ONTAPARTE cannot do harm to other nations, and he lion
°for three, five, seven, ten, or even fifteen
is sett( to all parts of the kingdom. They also cure . years . But this pelt of the subject is getterally too
interested in resisting the pretensions of the Bouts- .
' will be compelled to do all the good he can to France,
tLe piles and fistula, without burning or cutting, and well understood, and, I trust there ore few who
lion Family than the French. The instant that: for he will have no other means left of making the r
:ve advice gratis, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunwould tint welcome a specific.
France is forced to a retrograde acceptance of what " people satisfied with his dominion. lie must keep .
thy moriiings, till twelve o'clock. In order to prove that the bounty offered to sailors
, she, has most justly renounced, from that moment we his promise of relinquishing the idea of foreign con- .
Cans EXt'll A %GE. MAY 3.-The Wheat trade it veryis note quivalent with the nature of the service, I
-sve she nu s.tle. could be i ff..eted at 'I reduction of .2.. per may bid adieu to what remains of liberty in England.. quest, and apply himself wholly to the cultivation and
. of
s'aitr, t. 8-etpeetaty the price...are numinal.-Bailev at Wm- I say remains, because, in comparing the conduct of •
i improvement France, which, iii a few years, i
4 ''."
arture-.-Oht. h. lower, a d dull sale.-Peas, Beam,,, and ' .which ' is granted by the land service. But, in the
Ministers, and the perversion of the laws by merce- . will repay all his attention, and establish the
:ere*. reseal, itse s mee first place, it may be necessary to state, for the ie..
*beat En I'.h)
• "-,formation of a part of your Readers, that a ship's
to ftoreigai • 44 74 ; Old ditto - - kuowledged that the Constitution, ashequeathed to prosperity of that country may somewhat diminish
fiVe Sh) ee ; Tick do. 2B 3'2 company, exclusive of officers anti petty-officers
Kiley 26 34 I ()Id - us and our posterity, has been most impudeptly la- the commerce and consequence of our own; 2
comprises three classes of men : these are known by
%s ditto -•- ' Oats
v. . .. A. B. first; Ordinary, second; and L. M. thild.-
62 6$ , Fine ditto -
al 28 troops have been invited, received, and maintained engross all the good things of the world. %Haat it
',thaw Peas 44 *52 Poland do.
N. • • The first, or A. B. must be composed of able seamen,
wilifto.... . - - Feed ditto l7 94 in this country, in direct violation of the laws of the we should lose a little of our manufacturing and
than. Betters. . • 5l .58 Fine Flour ...... ... 60 65 land, there climbs no doubt in the Tilled of any ra- commercial superiority, enough sill be left, with these are men who must have been at sea six or seven
ute; Peas 32 37 Seconds ..... ..... 53 60ears ere they were qualified for their rating ; but it
• lineal well-informed man, that the subjugation of economy and reform, to have us virtuous and happy, , y
SMITHFIELD MARKET.-Misr 5.
; France by foreign mercenaries, will directly be fol- and without this, what signify the enormous riches is generally observed, that at least one-third on the
l',. WA the AIM, per stope t,t alt.. Ordinary have been at sea th t a length of
6„"t •• . 4.. Bd. to ba 8.1. 1 Head ~f Cattle this da; : lowed by the subjugation of all the people of Eu- of individuals to a people burthened with debts and i l.ist of
I time. The second, or oreinary, eareists of those
v...!0n •. •es. 05.*te 6' di. , Resists
i rope.--It is from this conviction
.that banished taxes. Riches do not constitute happiness either to
t,'', •-- 6. 04. s• Is. od. 1 Sheep
no Princes should never he suffered to return to the ! nations or individuals : but we still may be rich'
.rk • 6*. DI. b, 7s. 0 L Calves
L'a'b _§.. 06. to go. 0,.. pigs
.41 AT-MARKET. cause it holds out impunity in advance to delinquent pressive. I remain, &c.
Ray •. 4l. Ht. oft. to .M. 10•. 0.1.
°nye, .... 6:. 0.. 0.1. in 71. 0.. Os. . Sovereiatis
N. Wchcclo.treet, Caventlisb-sqvarc,-
I REGULUS. April V, 1815.
Straw .... 11, 1.11. ed. to 21. O. Ud. Put titan square, April 27.

To nns EDITOR OF THE ST.II'ESMAN.
SIR,---I have lately observed an instance that may,
in good earnest. be added to tie list (if it be not al.
ready overburthened), which is colo inually extend-
ing itself by the receipt of new testirnoliies in sup-
port of the very common observa:ion—that !hose
objects which, when considered as unattainable, were
wont to engage our most eager solicit t;xle and desire,
are too often do:regarded or" neglected, if the versa-
tility of events, or, which is by for mure.ptobc.hle
and more consistent, the liberal distribtitions of. an
AI!-wisp Prosillenre should place "them with-
in our reach.—Whether it be that we are
naturally less inquisitive concerning those things
which are near us, while our curiosity is excited by
remote objects; or, because the easiness of gratify-
ing a desire is always sure to damp it ; or, what [
fear is too often the case, that we St' t too small on
estimate on the mercies of G 31). especially should
they be granted in such a way as might confuse the
corrupt ideas which emanate *from our finite compre-
hensions, and may tend to disappoint, rather than
foster, the pride of the human heart : be t!‘e reason
what it may, of this we may be certain, foi we are
told it on no less abthority than the Di‘itie Revela-
tion, that the LORD will accomplish his own works
in the way which seemeth fit unto his (;•)&y wisdom.

DF.IL, NIAY -I.—Arrived' the
.Leverel sloop of
war. from the Westward.— Sailed his llbjest)'s ships
sa,r;;• and Redpole, on a cruize off Ploshing; and
art /Vol, for oil the French coast. —Came down
from the giver strerni sePt of outwiverl-bound mer-
chantmen—among them the Proselyte, for Bar.
babes; Lally Mackzzorth, for Quebec; Ann, for
Ipmarara ; Isis, for Gibraltar; Transfer, for Malta;
Icnns, for Lishoo.

THE QU! E N'S DRAWING-ROO M.

Ye:terlay her Majesty held a Drawing-room at
Sr. James's, for the second time this season, which
ass very numerously and splendidly attended. The
enotior arrangements were very magnificent. The
14P Guards and Ito)al Eloise Guards were stationed
in St. J.imes's lark, St. James's-street, &c. The
Prince Regent came in state at half-past three
n',lock, with four carriages, escorted by a party of
Guards ; the Princess Charlotte of:Wales came
in state, with two canines; and also the other
branches of the Royal Family, the Dukes of Cla-
rence anti Kent, the Princess Sophia of Gloucester,
and the Duke of Gloucester. The interior arrange-
ments were the sense as for the first Drawing-room
this season. At two o'clock her Majesty received
the compliments of those who have the privilege of
the entre, which includes the foreign Ambassadors
and Ministers, and also a number of Foreigners of
eistinction.

The following were ninqng the distinguished cha-
racter.; pre..ent :
Dnals—Roxliorgb, Devonshire, Grafton, Newcas le, Rut-
land.

Ihmwesses—ltoshsrglie, Dow Rtlnhind.
‘lARQUlSE.4—Wiuchester, Tasistork, Cornwallis, Ilariford,
)10.1dlori. Mick inizsam,
MARCOWNESSES—Tavistock, Blandford, Abercorn, Hocking-

EARL—Stelirave, Cardigan, Nelson, Pomfret, Shaftsbury,
Abergavennv„ finrcwood, Nugcot, Cork and Orrery,
Choteville, Scarborough, 'falhot, Bolton, fdatintedgteumh,
Diaburst, Ph meth, Ottawas., Liverpool, Harrow by,
Cholimindelev, Harrington. Harcourt, %est-
el Auld, Dartmonth: Longford, Mount Cashel!, liche-:er.
Coutrouist.s— I inrcourt, Lssex, Kingston, Dowager 11.acourt,
Dirt math, Dow iger Kingston, Talbot, A lesford, Morino,
llathiir.t, Dela w ar, Dowager Alone°, Liverpool,
Spencer, Leven, &c. &c. &c.

.

W. B.

• I..credible as ibis asset 154. ol tw
le•s true, that when they are statio.ied i t Ewa taatrs, they
are usually detained there for the longest ;line rhentionea s tag
it must not he forgotten that they receive no pay moil thou ttw
tarn—but 'shall be glad N find your Readers hard qiimiej.
