THE STATESMAN

represeeted by this Whig oracle as an object d aatiroily per.
soundly to me Wags. Ile had always Meese* sat hi. prieel.
were the aelyeemeoble Alms of political weevilly
NO
ItioneW. Be hod how by me Whig" will
reasiellg dininiebtliost, became be had reprobated she. is
ClPUtwhile la velem be Ire it'd them w lib good breedieg
eneid pelliesmo; Ifa on the ~hay. ho bad praised them
publicly; and scandalized them in private. he imagiord dint
they meld have a mach more powerful and disgraceful canes
of onseplant avast him. It was a Nagger Marge Oa MIR
avast a met public wirier, to say that in bra private mania
he denestmed himself es a Geirslestan.-[Applane.] -Aber Mt
he Meld be sampled re after Me title a *. lylear Chrsnire" to
that of .• the foolish." He perfectly costarred with their
Chaim.. is his realer towards those Athanasias Reformers.
mot air "thaw palet_tinmansian was prearribed warm quallika.
ties or mercy. He meld en on as he had dime hamver
@Mom Wirt attend him; and after the carve-we of weedy
a tweeter of a matinresterild not Mink it a greet risk Is trust
to the ealirsteeed of hticonstimesits.-CApplatswa-
We beer at all times the levity Rad weallieweem of blie
erliestina; bar weir in an .isisatite that affects is 6e
that which It mom readily raw at. theatre. of the P le
ward always he me reviable mark ef 'aspect. lo why of Me
denine seed ow Ibis mation, Merrie cameos place Meaty
and poetical .sums arose pleatifolly quoted, he lime., Mal
large public hadies were Ise liable in Iliktake, la Ilbreriedig.
Wag at wale ehanwer, than individanis.-( Apploose.)-
Notre' ems imams wait opinion but 'revenuer nod Map-
poietment. Be it, howitrawlL-arbat it will, and as base as they
describe it, mashing twit he unite without it ; esilthsie meld serve
!offered of a despise it, is a proof of great fully. At the
sem flew he knew that there was amber basis for a ma's
ce.eieoiw.annbisiset but without public esteem acre
mind. however pert, as ma's efforts, hareem stmeees,
~id sward la a ~wry ware coastwie holds each Omni-
mime. The late cesitem, as bad hers said by their (Aar.
am. hod heassght forward their late Caadelates charac-
ter in a way which meld Mille him air their future
sappart.- (heed and earioned applam.)-11 be lase meat
W Wee were to infant sodomite the frauds of free Grave.
aseet and Reform Ma. any thing el.. which cueld have sakes
pione.-(Appietear.)- it bad heel said that the tomaret 1111101
law Wee award. sad that the Report. a mere olaSemeal
sot trpsb., illadipetvoased their 'looms ;he did out sheik se. It
mesa relearliable that the Whip, aha too freely aspersed
were SG mere, wham their rie• sins were pet before their own
(Apalime.)- lie believed she rave t manwered
m▪
oth ~her betwee Rrformers ais.t non-Reformers* be
huselied it helm dem of all at she Newcastle Whig.
grey. Lord (key there heitaa am inisrepreseat and am
lige the kedineers, re.pectiom their prefessiona, which. se-
~diet to their Whig due.riers, would produce ~foam
and uproar. Thai Never offered • dadow ef an argument le
peer it ; they sal, celled the views of tae Reformers ail and
✓isionary; but their every thing was wild and 'Watery Ma
del not 411 MAW the precinct. of Whiggion.-(A pplase.)-
Owe man, however. a permo ef nest eztrasedway amlal
miters (Me. Bentham), hod prayed beyond towedietion, that
ram reaferte would proceed aim from the widest pat. of Re-
feree. Mr. R. foes net attempt to Mew by this, which a 11e
worst and met aselkable plan of Ream; be Italy pewee
that as danger mad arise from Mee prleeires. the dread of
which make, I. me me alma and. He 'Might with Mr.
Clarke that Ued had met created Amaral Parlamentemsd UM.
versa dermer, as the say mesas far premeeleg public Ear
dont. There Waft may ether ma ims. and the bell for Wm.
tins. was that which wad/ coniemi mart soppal.-(llp-
plame.)- WWI sees Rader Reftwin 1 WA,,.., Ifeforani Mai
mild rest *et lb. Carraptivis of Ms neon itiCensinesty holly
be aecosariihed either by the Varga every Freeholder. or of
every tax payer; say, if Dane hal ram of lIMII. animal income
were allowed Mrs ryes that a add effectually reveal ear.
replies. The right dMfage is ant, at tome 'arm. liken.
notate; he whose lowest" am be preserved without 'se=
it, le, in fart. the best off-he hes least taste. lie t
he could Ma oat tummy ways er maws by which Plarma
cud Peen cord be prevented hem laileeistiag Liveliness
if they weld do Mai. It ties all that is enateill.-[Applaeme.}-
To rime mew to a little Whig argument (whatever he might
thank of Whig diasacisr, belted swab leas respect fee Whig a-
gement). lard Grey at., it would bedsores's se tram the '
People with the right of dernige. Now if ama could be
iru•ted out of Bedlam, Many thing at all eaa be trusted se hi..
is is the privilege of saying which of his Neighbour. be like.
blot, or ran brat trail of cordide Is. Lord Qty. who is ems.
sideteil as a very rest Stamm. says that to make op for the
want of Sutler, public Meetluirs Mesabi be wommly cue.
varied to pewees or reasoastrate. The eater, ef good nevem-
meat am to preyed' the readied' such Meeting.; it the Peo-
ple could trust the (lime. amot. tory would have no mid of
Petition'. There is le fact no necessity for keeping the Peo-
ple in thee irkmeee and North,. ;make. If be was called
an to nave a pap for keeping a ~eery is bet water. he
ouisl chum ibis we id harem the Pimple in • perpetual
and ~lineally eu the pal rive with the femernmeet.
tie would at farther Mae Mr. Chula Is his ~doer: Mr. C.
kid ow twit his respect fur the t bags; be himself world Mend
tut. feeling to Me lodes also.-( A pplatne.)-- lie t if, mashing ef
voting ninety het al trimmer. pockets. Members were migiatal
it young thousanda of the public isomer Into them. it Mead
left woo fanned the Admiuist ratirte.-( A pplaese.)-The Hasse
doe. net represent ft.: People, mad while their lime mad pre-
perty areas the arbitrary dispu.al of ISO Borough proprimen ;
it is rthe ridteolous for any ratty to boat of it. etseegies, or at.
feet that their measures alone cam care the opprim.ive eels mita
State. Person may risk their reeks in opposiog the system,
bat they knew that the maid of the military as well at the
sword of the kite were held ewer shem.-(Applause.)-Ther
may complain taw, brat they must de it according to a dictated
form, mud in par irular tenni, or their emplatut would only
predeee fie,b poetaster's. nit is the grievance to be gat rid
of, While the Hale of Gumless remains as it is, the
good that any Miner), eau de is lea problesati.
cal, Ile limed. however, trim a call meld be mode from
every tame tbe kingdom far a dotage. -( A ppause.)
-As to Mr. Claris'. .coder of teleratias, be hoped and armed
that swell istreletable toleration would be effeetwily get rid
of le the Itiarsoessas century. He hoped that obis hypocritical
east it the Llama of Lerma, sad goody as a maw far mow
palming the bewilistef the Sass.. issmid be doneaway. Tbertro-
We is Oil. irfOlifYlag I. faked there wa. a Jag
spirit at liberality; the Pretest.... ked met sat petitioned for
the liberties Oar Cabala, taw rights to which all were "a-
dded mpsolly„-[ Mao applause.]-He trusted that perm. of
all religiose* would Mt that there a oatc.ae religion le politic.,
that is, to be free-Mat it cannot be secured but by Iffrefeast
each ma's Mika malienablys and mere especiallytie right of
being Ind reprotented.-[ A prows...J-11e hoped they world
all Mat their *premises. Weimer anises or parti-
cular they may he. however hitter they nosy war to ash ma'.
palate. all Primg fases we and the sem bitter mire - the want
of shot Rearm in Parham-et leach the Whir think a matter
a sherd-rate impormace, bet which he aerated to be the oats
jest rased for supporting piddle see, and the .sly notitt.ie
frw the opprev-ava• coder which we grosa.-(Applaate.)-
Ile wage Babe boodle to tee V. hip. that be Daly a bawd tars
to resent some clehe tir public reedbennee t he Cab only move
oar to dalt seder the Whig bowers. provided the libestie. of
the emereesere laerribed open thliat...-[ Applause ]-,Altbragla
Reform could net lbw Wail of -say lapporsers,w brae seethe of
life ea exalted. yet We penets-lan Ike% that it would work op.
ward. a use. Shell become ceeeloced, and that all who are ant
saar•Salhaaas will saw amem their mamma position- le this
great quemine. The MINI mielatiem what Wee they
come. bar mere cofactors of Rah fur ether people's etym..
lure; like young spesishrifo. Who merely gathered their in.
ream to aave it op to atteraes awl worm-[A 3-
The resameresal world. foe all the aspoorieg about terr-
aria of baste, which calmed a. mere Mum say ether
freedom. NNW memo feel h,.w degradingly they are goaded
by a 641.44(6mm e 3 Oral of I.a. ere. So laid very pie
all, es. ept the twee ehosiel metal, would be ceameed how
eras ar) it is to haw! a Irmo, of Cnegailaill ellawa by thew
iwi?Cs. Mani' who now th,,,it oheitiorlfee soiroosheeseil wish
ka.sm, mac be si roost., upon hy the exert...us I,f West.
esisrier, stud her...se ~worts. of 14 atCeakilir. Ile
rat. ddewly tru•ir.l Oat oti a i,...re nce,Dion, though their
Wi.ie airplane •tioulds a. • 6.14 &roe she rename.
prufesseit himself • ketorn,er, ties world out eleet taller
Whig or Tarot hut; ocrevoy of reterniet • real
and Itiareal Referaler. l itc err dual. midst prolosaged peas
of nolithito.)_
Tees.- 4 Whilst happy in my Native Lead."

Mr. R 'Careen hAt abiamed the Chairman's permutation is
10111E4 Oen.. eke aril, easseque. sitesnas. Ile the.. replied
10 An nettnne.st• of ‘I, I.er.ablor'.. Op tire Hint.
rep. respeerraz tfv I:intreirro lc Satiety iet Liverp.l, and read
%feeling a Krialarserti. sad n Lelirf is Sir Frown Her.
dell from t4,•.tur.ely. rtpier•ire ..1 their highest emcees nal
rAtited, thr ',wit. aid! a.t nth... their insertion. Mt the
Adolresi real) appear ra...aar row, de.
.He wait lammed le with
siiiriVear and 1..1M1r applaadeil.
lire neat In .1 w:.—

rlir Liverpool t iotreor;e Modelle. sod limas for oho van.
legerem ',bugs thee lake ro ,he itillitirs of Wrisoisoter, sod their
eimoiret to Sir P. u•rdeti."

[ herr ow time t.. cave Mr. awhkorse's speech to.dhy.
bra w4l srserse it feet....arr.m.

SO f rare. left ub gam, .•1 rm.:pally .it Mr. Hobbs.* and
alt. Chute, at One. tat.4k.

ADDITIONAL TOAST& Am.
Tile Mg* dbfroetistd avers Westmiaskr, and rou-

kites selblithurbe by thistles sake see pole. dollrelr I •
sijOm
• Keith May."
Om *Mime. shale ant sea petherettbsee
otestal, - rase itenboadoos be Goner of Itadocol
ibe wort saes t. bin by the 3111
lthlepssilest
Tinte—" Tbe Isthpesdeet Iles."
Leed Ceding* esi the Cuss Of Liberty all Weef the Wield.
Tess—•• Menthol the to Mary." •
biro se Maa be deproved Ms Cinil ROI. on am eel of
It It
Twee—•• St. Patrick% My to the noondong."
Tbe liberty ef the Pro..—i. M like theta ire breathe, if se
Moe it oat ..the.
Tea.—" liberty Hall."'

A SONU, SUIWG AT
.Tll It wigiTINIIIISTER DIN !I Elt

Ui f DAY.

OLD ENGLISH KRREDOII.
(runs-11111/111 near sr ems ansi.snsp.)
lo this nee when amid 'road oppression's atimat,
Depriv'd of oar knight., oar fowl. sad sur COM,
to this age. &c.
Ts man& te sorb Imou would be to promote
The ruin of firsass Old Kaulsed,
The ruin of told tame.
To ...built to reek. at.
'ens We.rwilostre. pride. aid the hope eat Hid,
ho .I.ll'd forth the People tonal, a bald bused ;
*TWIN Westoiester,
And rime to Election she force of rnownited.
To rrco.. r she freedom of Eintland,
The batio of Old I.llglith
Aid gate to Election, &c.
ail lordly laid asked mad bare,
Itrform so octant, or con
list lorelly co, nigh.. &e.
The Penpledemenod P—oppow it oho dare.
We'll again It.ive she freedom of Faglasil,

Ardis writ home 1- eziktowes Pee.
The People e1...":4.1 It. &e.
Theo wirier yore sarselb. and 1.6.14 forward the mew.
e wlll yet sew' IN Hesamot•ss with Itteelest applautbe,
Thee strati.. itc_

Fur Reform we'll cowesid, hot ho 41 fait lo the LSI, I,
4 Ince t tie glary ri• &woo Old Entaad,
Old Lisgl.sod's woe glory Lad &se.
For II eYoww, &c.
Then ooloa's the word. well he dew as a reek.
With livaoartaod nommen well yet giv• shock,
'ilex using' s. Re.. . .

To Canard-o—asal M Ing all her tools in ii,
Till .NaAll.r tat freedom .4 1.. lead,

Twill (stabil* Old liwgll.l,
To t stroptlne, Itc.

Pllleli 1W STOCKS THII
Ilial Sue!
I per Can. Red.
3 per Cent. Cserois74;
4.
Gerper Coot.
sio he Ace. illi
4 per Coot.

DAY AT ONE. (11'1.0CA.
b Orr CPUL he*, lUli
•
India Meads
Inn Ana.
Esetwqrier BUM 1 3 .16.
Omahas'

7'HE STAITESM.eIIi.

LUADON :
WEDNESDAY. WARM 17, 1819.

The Paris Papers furnish nothing worth speak-
ing of.
The Coal Daly sabject, it will Ile seen by the
Minister's declaration, is laid at rest.
The Arroanar.Gamcnat. owed last night for •
Committee on the Insolvent Act. Tom much ha.
inaniiy end predates cannot be exercised in discus.
log the merits of this mestere.
The Bill for the regulation of the Windor Eita-
blishenent was committed let night for form sake.—
Sir A. Hon persisted iu moving that Sit Equerries
should be continued upon the probsbitily of the
KING'S recovery, Here indeed " Hope tells a :at.
tering tele."

A PEW HEMARKR o'4 TUE WP.STMINgTER ELEC-

TION UIN I.tt rEsrEtwAv.

We limner witnessed for a long time any public
proceeding better conducted than this. It may, with.
oat hyperbole, be termed the celebration of a victory
rather than the rallying after a detest. The triumph
of principle over long-rooted corruption is evidently
esteodiag Its influence, as fast es the eaters of things
can ellow a reasonable man to aspect. The seeds of
public turtle. are never estinet—it would be impious
towards Providence to suppose it possible ; bet
self-interest, dire self-interest, is the inveterate foe
to the progress of gnats in society. The Wutos (.b,
the ostensible term at present, bat which will. ere
long, become !tenure), the Whigs might obtain at
once all that is necessary of the stubborn, inflexible
Tories, to set the mind of every reasonable Briton
at rest, and give his country a chance in the
struggle among nations as to which shall en-
joy the greatest portion of Individeal beppi-
oess.—But the rid& Wants own rollers
Iso-
neveus! ! Ah ! there's the rob; this it is that
makes calamity of long life. Aod this dishonest
traffic polls upon them, as a body, that censure abut
which they seem so sere. Let those among them who
would avoid the fit dolma-hitless which is justly poor.
ed on their unhallowed heeds, leave those tyrannical
Carmen to the secret enjoymeset of their insidious
purposes against Reformers, and to their selfish pur-
poses for their own aggrandizement.

Let such honest men as bete heretofore enlister!
under Whig banners, in the idea of their bele; the
liberators of their country, now quit them, under
the disclosure that their real parposes are very Jif.
fereat from their ostensible ones. They hose they
once saved the country. So did Di:mount c a boast that
be bed mired Frump, because he bad beaten the Duke
of lintrestrice and his invading army off Its soil ;
but he wanted to enslave it afterwards. As be
bad won it (in his own opinion) be determined
to weer it (in his not glnry), but the Reformers of
Franc, melee his menace of " setting them to
rights" with contempt and disdain, and Miffed a
hhadred thousand crowns for his head dead or afire!
Why Czs.sa saved Rome—bet he saved it, to as-
sists it. Away with all this claim. Every man is
booed by Ware, by instinct, by ties social and In.
divides!, to save his country—he might not to eclat
in it who would net do as mad every day. Will

TgiVßigs ;are it ec;wthe ? for it is in Leiger!!
.
atiilkle a IVIIIISS!OvgbtisB, fkaria a sense of jostle,
in these scorching its delegated power towards thole
who an now helpless, it is gone, absolutely lost.
whenever another warlike struggle like that we hese
wailed from shall occur. All the Whigs, sod all lie
WELLINGTONS in the united kingdom of Crest Br:.
Lain, will not be able to preserve it. The vein.
heated arm to hold the rteletd, the democratic mat.
cle to wield the weapee, will be wanting for a suc-
cessful contest A country is worth fighting for as
fsr as it feeds and protects its inhabitants. But more
of this hereafter. Mr. Czaa•c, the Chairman,
commenced his address with (shot gave pleasure and
countenance to ourselves. Ile fixed his eyes first no
she firm,theconsisteet Wier CA RTWRIGHT, Redid w,.;
Mr. Iloenovsz was not leow• to him our to us.--
As he became known to him be approved of him—it
was the same with es ; and seeing, therefore, that it
was out feasible to urge the good blajor't claims (in
ear conscience it appeared so, in spite of our per.
tiality and sincere esteem). as did many others wi is
as among them, yielded to the sense and wishes of
the majority, and supported the then fittest Candi-
date on the list. Of Mr. lionsouse, then and now
a personal stranger, we would say every thing recom-
mendatory as a Caulidate for • Seat in Parliament ;
cud eltheah he has not as yet obtained the object of
his own and of his supporters wishes, yet may he be
feisty congratulated on his successful . It has
been successful, because he has Reined Buten ems.
fidence of mote than WOO Electors of Westneinste,,
although a few months ago he was utterly unknown to
them. We say 5000 and more, busese although
an many were not actually admitted to poll, yet 141
many would have enrolled ark choice of him, had
not the pitiching, grinding effect of tuition occasion.
al a refusal of their suffrages.
What a shocking, what a provoking consideration
is amused to that disqualification !! The hard-
working, honest citizen, the best judge of who ought
to be his senatorial patron or guardian, is bereaved of
his qualification to choose tech a man, because he
heppeas not to be In possession of se much cash as
the taz.eatherer has called for, after a fennel, .r a
fit of sickness in his family : nay, with.. such a call
or demand, even if be does not produce the receipt
for stub payment, his vol. is rejected !! ! men_
serous ! to be impoveiisbed by tazation, and then to
be pauithed by disfranchisement for your poverty.
If this be not the erLy to make the poor hate the
rich, we know not what is. These were the acts in
Franco that occesioited the abased sass culottes In
cry ont, " Wer to palaces, peace to cottages!" It
Peer was, and ever will be so. Traits make Jars-
blas, which latter, for the instruction of the un-
thinking rich Whir, shall be espleieerl, the former
being well enough uniterstowd. The Revolutionises
a pods mot is a canyon% inhabited by the ./uc'sbist
meek. formerly; they were therefore deeeseinaivi
Jacobins, from the place of their stumbling.. They
differed from the English Reformers is this respect—
they were not contented with depriving their ene-
mies of their ill.ezeicised power, bet they would ea-
ercise signs, vengeance on them. It depends upon the
enemies of British freedom, wbe !Mr lhe British It.s.
former shell be so long aggrieved lnd insultrd, as to
become a British Jacobin.

This may he called plain languor, by met, per-
haps, .editions language—lt is nothing more thou the
case respires. Some persons in power and who-
' city waist so he talked to, and they ought to take
free speaking he prod part. A few words ars better
than one word and • Mow. We slimmed the cruet
distinction between the citizen of Westminster wills
money, and the Mardian es lb• one without We
are glad so find the subject Is takes op by pe-
Illicit as it ought to be.—No law (for laws
are founded on reason) ought to disfranchise a el-
ikon of his vote, from the occident of deferring. ply.
wont. It is certainly as act of delinquency. If it
were to be so construed, wby then it would become
• consideration with • man of free spirit, whether
be should not ran the risk of detection, cud rob
a rick Art NAM in continue in the ozonise of kis
free CharieMST the worst that could happen to
him, leader discovery, would he banishment to an-
other pert of the world, where he would not every
day be made sensible of Ms galling inferiority of con-
diarist. Togo back thou to thomoin subject, it most hive
been tighly listterioq to Sir F. Busoerr, to bed
that his patriotic discernment in his choice of • Col-
league, is universally approved of. It is plain, there-
fore, that the Baronet not only possesses lodgment
and presence of mind for the occasion, be it what it
slay, but a fore.knowledge of what may be repaired
for effecting the real, the noble impose of his mind.
The some quality is him was evinced sissy years
ego. Though so yeses, he took his post like so in-
born hero in the field of hoodoo'. Ile planted tits
standard of Reform in the centre of It. The Tories
cried out horror. The Whigs slunk away. To this
rallying point, said he, must you all come at last, for
thousonds, soy millions, will sock resod it, tad
by it obtain sad proclaim " Victory."

Co:min.@ A ttotar—T►e la embeble Farce of Animal
Magnetism Wowed the Orr, of Firtro, loot
night, at this Theatre, end brio; an entertainment
well known to tiro reblic, would have passed at:-
noticed by el, lied not the manner in which the piece
was cast, strongly evinced the asziety of the Mana-
gers to eater well for their Wrens. The characters
were sustained by Musts. Jorrut, F.l RRS9I, YAW-
( ETT, ■ttd I.t%TOY; MISS FOOTS and Mos. bras•.
Weil° not lenormbet to have semi this Farce se won
acted at soy limner

Coast EsCUANGE. MAnCII 17.—The simply of
English Wheat to this inivini9loll94l4lo von Tel
fawn, sad what appeared nbtiined Itlnirdey's ;
bet the 01010/1119111 far from brisk, and there sal no
demand for the ieferier qualities.—Attheugh thee .p-
-ply of F.nalish Barley wu bet swell, yet it ••r
folly equal to the desired. A few prime samples told
on the saws terms as en Monday. bet all niser dr.
seription are Nil 1.. per qeettor cheaper.—lo 0?Iu>,
Pees, sad Ws, three is 09 elterativc•

To C. CALVER7', M.P. rox SOUTHIV4RII.
____

FILIENFD CUARLIS,—In leoklog OM the reports
of the week, I perceive thew felt sore at the asser-
tion of bribery being very generally prectieed at elec-
tions for rotten boroughs : pray, friend Cumst.cs,
driest rime want to issimilate Norm, Old Sarum,
lionstaple, aid Knaresborough, with the Borough
of Southwark, if thou doest thy constituents will
have little to 'honk thee for. *lhe reported asser-
tions of the Member for Westminster were correct to
a tittle; and if the cereplezinna of thy party were not
rudely bronzed over, they would have @Whiled
symptoms of blushing. It is lint, friend Ctimmes,
the squeaking dogma of • finalist, anti-reformist,
empty bag, and unfurnished garret, that should !Pod
thee on to mak• th,self ridiculous, where solidity of
reasoning much more resembles the froth on thy be-
•erage than the wisdom of an able Semler. net
each jargon should, for a moment, lead or bias the
conduct of • virtuosi Representative of the People,
II as preposterous as it is wicked and encenstitutionat.
Pray, friend CuAttl.ss, doest thou think that thy
friends, the place-hunters, can stifle enquiry into the
state of in:ten boroughs, and other rotten establish.
meats? Dont thou think that they san hide the
conduct of a certain borough in Susses, where the
burgesses tell a certain Dyke in large posting NI&

TRUE ULUE, OR TIIIRTY GUINEAS!!!
Are ant placeuhenters returned for that borough 1—
'1 hen why effect to consider lees Arles in Panty.
than in Arundel or Keeresbereogh ? In the sot the
poor wretches have the (Oren and show of en electioe
contest, when Met heaviest purse is learned; in the
other, the People are trended over like a lot of
rattle, and there is an end of it. Now, Mewl
CIIABLES, curb thy wrath and answer like an honest
man (which I believe thou art). From a /hese so
constituted, whet have the People to expect but
slavery, taxation, sod a p►rpetual straggle for
place, loaves, gibes, candle.enda, sad cheese-parings?
Then, why, ally thyself to such a junta ; thy col-
league hes wisely taken a different course, and his
support of the Member for Westminster was the real
spirit and feeling of hie, as well as thy con,titnents,
who think as little of Whigs u they do of Tories,
and begin to feel soma uneasy qualms of jealousy at
thy conduct en other occasions, particularly thy
plumper against the Friend, of Freedom in as Cils
lost clectinn, which, if kuown is time. would have I
penoonted thee from Wog at the heed of the poll.
Theo wilt recollect, friend Camoxes, thy errllemee
was anknoan in Soothe/ark till he commenced acerb.'
vat, coder the special recommendation of the Mem-
ber for Westminster to a set of high.rpirited trades-
men, who took him by tee. hand, and carried
him through as the Friend of Parliamentary Ito.
form, and the enemy of reties boroughs.--,
Yea, f.i►ad CIIARLIS, tide iilltedoClioo of RO-
BERT WILSON by FaAncla BURDIRT was the sole
cause of his election—that man whom thou haat se
foolishly attacked, sod who stood before thee and
thy place.henters as the Lemuel Gulliver of JONA-
TiIAX Swt►r did, when surrounded by the pigmy
forces of the Lilliputians; and I ►►joie to 6nd thy
colleague do his dusty on the occasion. And let me
tell the., friend CHAaLts, if be continues le follow
up the line of conduct he has comereaced with ie
the Busse this Session, he may in future laugh at
the hopes and maomerres of the TWO BREWERS,
and show th►e that the high spirit of Seethe/ark can
at soy time emancipate itself f►om the machieatiees
or internee of either the one or the other.

Remember, blend CRANES'S, I have been thy
steady friend ; is so doing I thought I did my duty
to my offspring and my country, as I had private
respect fur thee, and an opinion •f thy ;sentinel
honesty. I supported ROBERT WILSON IS One friend
of Imams MIDST; and opposed thy f.liow.
tradesman upon the principle that he joined the
worst faction in !Ise country—that faction who al.
ways had peace and religion in their mouths until they
were called on to vote for war—who fanatically af.
ferted to emancipate the black slaves, while they re.
ligioesly assisted to forge chains for the whit•—whn
formed, heeded, and promulgated the principles of
a Society for the Encou►agement of Informers, alias
a &Nish Ifiquisi(ion—ind whose last barbarous act
was to suspend the liberties of Englishmen, and
afterwards iedeninify their illrgal persecators!!—
These were the tnotives that led me to advise taw,'
because I look upon thee SIIII ea misled. Bet :heel
ah•eldst 'Kanto, thou art to be valued according
to the company thou keepest, and the character of
thy associates. Therefore, let mu advise thee to
show thy coustiteents that thou wilt support era
l'sortA, or be assured the day will come whets the
PrJra.t will not support thee.
I am thy real friend,
Cumbered', 15th 3d Meath, 1813. OBADIAH.

Sum arY Sessioni.—ln consequence of Ike increas-
ing number of cases for decision at those Sessions,
which are now held quarterly, the Magisirstes have
tone In a iloterminetion of holding them at the same
periods as abase of the county of Middlesex, namely,
eight, lostesd of (nor limes a year. This message has
been forced on them by the patterns crowded state of
the jail, there being now nearly 4110 prisoners on
Torino, charges of felonies, dsr. The Assisi., will
be held at Kingston. on Alondsy the 29th intones.
Senday morning a lad named William Using,
prentice to Mr. Thies, a baker in Great Hermitage-
street, Wapping, was found hanging by a rope in his
1"11. tenni ; medical risqisrsorce st as immediately pro-
cured, but life was extinct.
