laid down and recognised as a point of raglan*.
should be interfered with. As to the probable miltsevi
iptence of passing this Bill, his connection with tl*
colonies might be able to give the House an '
airy of forming some judgment, as be happened io
haw that there were many Slave Owners witeliiiig
the result of this application, to follow it uti With
similar ones, if successful. They looked upon this
gentleman as the forlorn hope of the party, and there
appeared to be a regular system to break up the *riot
Hies which the Legislature had thought proper to
draw on this particular subject. He could not
doubt that they would have numerous applica-
tions of a similar nature, when he knew that a
slave was worth fifty pounds in Antigua, sad Int.
iel Demerara. If the House were to admit this
principle of transporting slaves from an Island to
a continent, it would be fraught with the most sell
csaseqeences to the slam themselves,—it was to pro-
tect data that the prohibition had originally Wei
oak, sad to continue that protection be should now
oppose this Bill. What means of control be world
ask, would that House or the Colonies be able to afford
is prevention or suppression of insurrection in the event
at such a removal? In a situation like Demerara,
with a waste country and extensive woods in the rear.
&headset opportunities were offered to the negro to
desert, and make in bodies settlements out of the reach
of the Colony. from which might be created a source
of isserrection of the most formidable nature. In order
that vireos should be well treated, it was necessary
that security of possession should exist in the mind of
tkc asrusr. If there were not this, but a constant ap-
prehaudoe is the mind of the slave owner that his
slaves twirl desert, measures of rigour and severity
'Gehl saturally be resorted to, and consequent ill-
treatment result to the slave. He should forbear co-
lorist isto questions of the policy of removing slaves
fro,; the soil where they were born. He would merely
say that his opinion, generally speaking, was decidedly
against the policy of each a principle. Under all the
cireentstances he thought the House could not assent
to this Bill, calling on them to sanction the removal
elf 329 negroes from a place where they were living in
comfort, and even deriving the benefits of a high state
of moral instruction, to a situation where they
were not likely to enjoy any of these advantages.
but in all probability be placed in a much worse situa-
tion. He concluded by moelag an Amendment to the
Hon. Gentleman's motion. that the Bill be read a second
time that day three months.
Mr. CALCRAFT supported the motion, on the
ground that it would place the matter in a state of for-
wardness to go to a Committee, where the case could
be investigated, and its policy settled.
Dr. PHILLIMORE objected to the Bill, and strongly
deprecated the measure. It was in direct opposition to
the measure of the Legislature of Antigua, passed in
1817, that no slaves should be transported from that
island. The real question before the House was. who.
ther they would permit 329 freehold inhabitants of Au-
tigua. living iu a dry soil and healthy climate, to be
transported to an unhealthy and wretched spot. The
principal was, whether they were to permit Slave Mas-
ters to do with their slaves whatever might be most ad-
vantageous to them. If they were to admit it, how
would they be able to call on Foreign Powers for a re-
regnition of what they themselves ;omitted to be in.
fringed?
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, that it was asserted that
the Bill was a dill intended not only for the benefit of the
Proprietor but of the Slaves. The latter part of the as-
section was at least doubtful. To say that a Bill for the
removal of 329 persons from the place of their birth,en-
deared to them by the habits of early association, could be
acceptable to those persons, was to say that which was
opposed to the feelings of our common nature. With re-
spect to the benefit which the Bill was likely to confer
upon the slaves it sought to remove, he believed it would
be difficult to make that benefit appear to them or to the
House. The situation of the Negro population in Anti-
gua was much improved—Negroes were allowed to vote
at Elections, to
_give evidence in Courts of Justice, and
to sue at law. lint at Demerara, the unhappy persons
transported would be mere slaves—hopeless and unfor-
tunate—out of the hope of freedom, and out of the reach
of civilisation. The Hon. Gentleman next observed.
that iu Antigua a number of slaves had been recently
emancipated. Of course the hope of freedom in such a
country was always within view, as it was often the re-
ward of good conduct, industry and integrity, but in De-
wean that refreshing hope would be for ever blighted.
Christianity had extended to half the population of As.
tigua, and had its consequent good effect on their tem-
poral condition. It was recollected, too, that the slaves
on one plantation formed connexions and even marriages
with those on other plantations, so that though all
the young were transported, they would be torn pro-
bably from those who were most dear to them, and carry
with them the seeds of discontent and disquietude. It
sheeted the superior state of the island of Antigua, that
it wag stated in answer sent out by. the Government, that
obeah, the sort of magic superstition which produced
terrible consequences on the negroes in other 'stands,
was no more regarded there than witchcraft in Eng-
land at present. The cause was, that Christianity,
though it had not entirely prevailed. bad shed a
sort of twilight over the whole of the island.—lt
was to berentesabered, that the Legislature of Antigua
bad passed a law to prevent the transport of slaves oat
of their island; and if we were reluctant to interfere
with the colonial legislature even in favour oft slaves,
they should at least abstain from interfering wih them
to the prejudice of the slaves. Mr. Maxwell might now
transport his nerves to the estate which he
ition posses from a
sed in
Grenada; he (Mr. W.) had withheld oppos
former Bill of this kind which had been fonnerly paned.
and which was now appealed to as a precedent.—
to
This made him the mom earnest in his opposition
this Bill, as, if it passed, they could never refine future
applications; he should deem-himself guilty of the bleed
of these poor people if he acceded to it.
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY said, if the Ow
eiple of the Bill was good, it should be
(Hear 1.)—The question was. whether the Learned Oss
Ileums who proposed the Bill was prepared fie pat
the
proposition on its general footing. 1j they
the fertile lands of tie British imse. oa
sent to the negroes of lamasnoseess is the situation of lie.
of the West der
Maxwell, theysealed the &Failed**
din Islands. The stream of emigration once opened.
must continue to now io, and the wades was. weld
it
be advisable to change the degree of advaacement and
civilisation which existed among the ex: in di*
islands for that which was likely tf ea dle
Continent? He thought not; as he was 911 Pr'
to admit the general prioci*. he saw w rOIOMPS
tablishing an exception in the ease tilizt
might transport the slava to I& owe estate is
and he was not entitled. en the gvesd of dry
speculation, to transport them to Desserara: In tb.
the Honourable and Leased Outlease would
draw the Bill.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH NW Ilibirlstiestat Mr-
'feels, from his Hosisawahte theflorclOs
bat he felt the groin 11110411110811 In rellig2 Id..
WU is.
blames the greater part dorm's I

-..- -.1-,

.

_ _ . •

1 L
!~

. • •

tally leaPPleable. These win were unniqualetell with
the Sabi"., °eat
ebeiILZHISIINI that, as Ile law ::t,
Mr. Maxwell was OD Yip Ms skins ilk the
et Audgna; else le
oily 4 "aging owe tress Cleiss=efet the
asp
moped excelleace of the laws if the seekty, or morel
sad eellileue stale et the Wand? Theisen statements
were ales eontalaid la a paper, whisk same, he baler.
ed, from its e frets au llesentable and Learned
Friend of IlleV. Seee'oyheo), me beset a Member ads.
Hour. Het how did these arias& eerie apply ?It was
certain that the slaves could sot seadaue in AsdivA t
that Mr. Maxwell met be relasd, if he widow" the
cultivation of his estate with theft; aid the
was, whether it was better that he
itsz sheald
ed, as the chaste et traffic di es ebedil IS
together is one body' ender the paterual esseveneeet
under which they had bees for 00 years. Mr. Maxwell la,►
ing, dories the whole of his at, not perchassi
a single sere. As to the estate Mr. Maxwell bad in
Oreaada, it was merely 20 short of the full number of
bases, sad that deficiency arose from his having always
acted ea his principles as as abolitionist, sad we
having ever purchased any slaves. The two gees.
dens respecting the Bill were, as to the happiness et
the Regress, sad the danger of the example. As
to the first, be thought it would be necessary
to make out a very strong case against Demerara be-
fore they could decide that it woad be worse to seed
the Degrees there in a body with all their friends sad
neighbours.thantedisperse them with all the chanciest
creel masters and cruel overseers. The objections te
Demerara were, that the laws were bad. It was the
fault of the House if they were so, and surely that was
not an argument which they, whose duty it was to
amend the laws, should use. If the laws were too
bad for 100 slaves, they were certainly too bad for the
100,000 who were now in the colony. As to the cli-
mate, it sou to be recollected that Dr. l'inkhard,
whose book had bees referred to, was in the Colony
20 years ago, when so much less of it was cleared than
at present. However he would not support the Bill
if it should not be satisfactorily proved that the cli-
mate was not destructive. An objection had been
raised because this was a private Bill ; but it was at-
tended with this advantage, that Mr. Maxwell was
strictly bound to proof. As to the danger of example,
he now proposed to withdraw the present preamble,
and to recite the facts of the case as they should be
proved. Mr. Maxwell was also willing to stipulate
that he should establish a precedent in favour of the
negro population, by being bound to purchase an
estate and keep them together on it. He was ready
also to have it made imperative upon him to purchase
only such a place as the Authorities of the Colony
should certify the salubrity of. He was ready also
to build a Chnreh, and to endow it for a Minister of
the Church of England or Scotland, for the benefit
of the Negroes. The Honorable and Learned Gentle•
man concluded with observing, that no danger toad
result from the precedent which this Bill wosIC
establish with respect to the transportation of Slaves.
while its adoption must serve materially to improve thel
condition of the Slaves to whom it alluded.
Sir It. WILSON shortly opposed the Bill. It had
been urged, as a reason for the measure, that if Mr.
Maxwell should notbepermitted to transport these slaves
to Demerara, they would be of no use; and they would
of course, diminish in value in Antigua. He would ask,
was it not an object with the friends of the abolition
that the slaves should diminish in value? And ought
not the circumstance to be hailed with p lea sure by
all who looked with pleasure upon ipplacline of the
traffic ?
Mr. BARING had no hesitation It expressing his
opinion of the soundness of the principle contained in
this Bill, as a general principle. The Gallant General
thought he ought to rejoice at the divoination of the va-
lue of a slave in Antigua. Now the circumstance if ex-
amined, would be found calculated to entail a series of
miseries upon the slaves, because when mien they are
lowered in value their masters would become i ildifferent
to them, and the consequence would be, thettliey will
become the objects, and perhaps, the victims of-all man-
ner of ill-treatment. He looked upon this qtiestion with
reference to the principle of an overstock of Ropiliet, ion.
Ifs
In the present case, there appeared to be a s bun-
dance of slaves in Antigua, and this Gentle looked
round and Axed upon a place of comparative thin po-
pulation, where the surplus might be transported. Woolf
any one say that this was a harsh step to the individual,
themselves, or dangerous as a precedent? He, for one,
rejoiced that an opportunity was opened for giving vent
to an overstock, and that the time wss come when a po-
pulation of slaves was not to be thinned by the effects of
misery. Being persuaded of the soundness of the r.
neral principle, he should expect it to be satisfactorily
made out that Antigua laboured under the inconvenience
of an overstocked population.
Mr. PEEL declared that he had known nothing of
the merits of this question until he had heard it dis-
cussed this evening; but from the case made out by the
Gentlemen themselves who supported the Bill, he had
no hesitation in saying that it ought to be indignantly
rejected by the House.—(Hear, hear.)—The Learned
and Hon. Gentleman maintained that it was desirable,
for the solace of the blacks, that they should be allowed
to preserve the connections they had formed, and that
they should remain in their native land upon the prits.l
ciple of the sdeeripts 'labia. Yet with all the Learned 1
Gentleman's reverence for the edreriptes glebia be
would transport these 300negroes from Antigua to D►
nserara.—(A laugh. and hear.)—Sure he was, that these
blacks, if removed at all from Antigua, would much ro•
ther be transferred to any of the other Islands, free
which they might ,hope to have some opportunity et
again seeing their native island, than to be transported
to the remote settlement of Demerara. Bet was it net
strange that while the Learned Gentleman landed the
principle of the edseripts 'Moue, be should still se
commend a measure involving the direct violation of
that principle?
Mr. BARHAM spoke in favour of the Bill, observing.
that the best way to extinguish slavery was to raise thbe e
condition of the mass of slaves, which was only to
done by augmenting their comforts and extending their
instruction as this Bill proposed. But there was a con-
dition connected with this Bill which particularly re-
commended it to his attention, and that was that a
hisny
slave should be entitled to his freedom upon payiag
value. The case, however. between both sides of the
House was this, that the one affirmed what the other de-
nied, and all that those who supported his views re-
quired at present was an investigation, in order to ascer-
tain upon which side the truth lay.
Sir 1. COFFIN said, that he bad been at Antigua as
well as at the other West lads Colonies, and, from rob
weal observation. be could declare that he sever sae
the slaves so kindly treated as they were at Assigns;
therefore, he believed that lie 300 slaves to wham the
Bill referred wouldas soon submit to have their throats
cut as to be transported to Demerara.
On a division the muttbers were—For the second
reading. 47.—Agalast it, Majorlty, 111. The Bill
of coarse is loot.
Tilt SUDO irr.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHBQUIR moved
the Order for tbe Howe to lnes a Committee.
Mr. HUMS, edverieg tso
me printed rapers el.

_

.

09.

. .06•. ••• . . .

plesilest)" ei the redo of the Phenelleso which bieda
distribleed is the none of the evesispespreseed
surprise hid regret that say partiality had been
is the distribution of each Papers. Such partiality!
was. indeed. highly improper. He was aware that It
wee through the favour of Government that such is-
formed., as these Papers oontaieetl was given ta the
Memberi of that Hone, bat then such information
should sot be unitised to particular persons friendly to
the llinieters, instead of being put into the biads of
those wild, open examination, might be able ti detect
say fallacy which appeared in those Papers, or to make
an unbiassed are of any cermet information which they +
alight costain. I
The CHAVCELLORef the EXCHEQUER declared
that he hulls* disposition whatever to *Action all
partial distribution of these papers, which were Weeded
for the gement use of the House. But the fact was.
that they were not ready for delivery until a late hoer
to-day, and be had sot himself received &copy of them
until live o'clock this evening.
After several public accounts were ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee, the House risolved into it ;
and
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose,
evidently under a great degree of depreseloo, which
rendered him still less audible than usual. From the
arrangements made by the Hone last Session with re-
gard to our keepers, the Right Hoe. Gentleman said
that be felt telieved from the necessity of entering
inch at length into the subject oe the present occasion.
The House had already voted, with some slight exep-
'ions, the various Estimates for the year, and he was
now called upon to present the usual anneal ',position
of the Ways and Means to meet those Supplies. This
was a task, which he could wish, particularly from a
recent melancholy event, had devolved epos tome other
person.—(Hear, hear, hear, the Right Honourable
Gentleman being understood t.) allude to the death
of Mr. Morton Eden.)--There were many of his
friends who were mach more competent to the under-
taking. Bat anilerstandidg that to decline or to
postpone this undertaking would be productive of pub-
lic embarrassment, he felt it incumbent upon him to
come forward and do his duty.—(Hear.)--He would
therefore eadesvonr to state as clearly and as shortly as
possible the estimated expenditure for the year, with the
resources forthcoming to defray that expenditure; and
first he would recapitulate the Snpplies. For the Supply
lof the Army the House had voted, accordieg to tbe Es-
timates, 8,7t0,00ui., which was 693.2431. lees than the
vote of last year, that vote being 9,443,243/. For the
Navy, 6,176,7001., which was 409,11113/. less than the
vote of last year, that vote being 6,508,6981. The vote
for the Ordnance was 1393,1001. which was less than
the vote of last year by 1,3301. that vote being 1,929.6101.
Of the miscellaneous services the much greslet rt had
been already voted, but some items still for
consideration. The total estimated amount o Able bead
of service was 1,1000,000/. which was less than vote
lof last year by 544,0001. that vote being for 2,44000/.
1, The total of these supplies then was 18,02000/. while
that for the last year was 13,673,688/. So that the
total reduction of the public expense since the last year
I was 1,652,688.—(Hear, hear, hear. on the Ministerial
I Benches.) The amount of interest on Exchequer Bills
was the same for the present,
_es it was for the last year,
namely, one million. UpoulibisAisonal Taxes he had
4
taken a c it of 4010,0601. instead of 3,0000101., as
was t ions practice, foellllloason which he would
explain o the Committee. A certain portion of the Ex-
cise Duties which hatbilsemeimenied doing ire war.
and which would have expired on the Mb of July next,
had been continued es part of the amount of the an-
neal taxes, instead of being added to the Consolidated
Fund. In the next article, therefore, he proposed to
take a credit of only L 500,0001. upon the Excise Duties
instead of 2,500,000/., which had been granted in the
preceding year, a portion of them being transferred to
the Annual Taxes. The amount therefore of the An-
imal Taxes and the Excise Duties, taken collectively,
would still be 5,500,0001. For the Lottery he took a
credit of 200,0001. instead of 240,0001., which had been
taken in the last year. For Old Stores he took a credit
of 163,000/. The next item was one of a novel and ex-
traordinary kird, and would require some explanation.
This was the surplus of pecuniary indemnity, payable
by the French Government. amounting to a sum of
800,000/. He regretted that it was not in his power to
lay before the Mouse a complete and detailed ac-
count, but he would endeavour to give them some
general idea of the amount of the sums received and
their general application. The total amount of the
sums received bad been nearly 125,001000 livres,
Silligenting to about 5,000,0001. sterling. From these
gems the bounty of Parliament had bestowed a donation
of 1,0110,8001. upon the army employed in the late glo-
rious exploits. The expences of the Army of Occupa-
tion were to have been met entirely by the produce of
the French indemnity, but as there were some incidental
expeocee and allowances on the footing of pay to the
foreign armies. a considerable increase of expenditure
bad attended the residence of the British army on the
Continent. The sums issued by the Paymaster-tieneral
for the pay of the troops in France, amounted to
1,200.000/. In addition to this, there were the payments
to the Hanoverian troops, and some other payments
made to indemnify persons who had claims upon the
British Government arising oat of the Treaty of Paris.
The particulars of these payments would he laid before
the House at the earliest opportunity. After providing
for all these charges. and a farther payment of 2,01.10,000/.
sterling for fortifications in the Netherlands, there still
remained applicable to the service of the present year. a
surplus of 500,0001. payable by the French Government.
Besides this there might still perhaps be a small wind-
ing up applicable to the service of the next year. The
next head was the repayment of Exchequer Bills ad-
vanced for the expences of public works under the Act
of ltfl9. In the last year the sum realised amounted to
198,0001. and in the present year the Exchequer/.He Bills
repaid were likely to amount to a sum of 125,000
could not advert to this part of the subject without ob-
serving that those public works had afforded most ma-
terial assistance to the industry of the country, and had
revived many languishing branches of trade. The
House had reason to congratulate itself for baying
produced this important result without bringing. any
fresh charge upon the public. The only remaining
item was the surplus of the Ways and Means of
1820, amounting to a sum of 81,630/. The total
amount therefore of what might be called the ready.
money produce of the resources of the year was
6,570,0301. In order to meet the services of the year,
which amounted to 20,018,0001., it had been neces-
sary to take a loan from the Sinking Food of
13,000,0001. that is, 12,500,0001. from the Sinking'
Fund in England. aad 800,000/. from the Sinking
Fund is Ireland. Notwithstanding this diminution
of the Sinking Feed in Ireland, there would be still
a considerable sant applicable for the purchase of stock
is Dublin. The re-transfer of stock from Ire-
land to England would be a measure calculated to fa-
cilitate the purchase and circulation of stock upon both
sides of the water. To this sum was to be added a
sail et 0001. Irish, amounting in British ear-

MEW'
toeu _....._-......, -----.......
t 461:53111. for the increase of the nod a
of Irelaad. The whole amount of the Ways
114 ails was conseqeently 20,031,501.1eaviait as
excess of about 111,0001. over the serviette ti=
whisk ammented to 20,018,200/. Prom this
it
it would appear how large the redectioas lad
imbeim ie
the course of the present.yeem He did Set feel h
self entitles to hold forth any distinct expeetatiens as
to the particular reductions which were further in cos
templatioa, but be was at liberty to state that his Ma-
jesty's Government were most aesiously directiag their
attendee to every practicable retrenchment, and that
"wills cohortshisetrenrtedweeithtiotnheofseethuedptyubalaittdc eshoPteionnarinicTithme
Wintry, would be brought sedertht.consideration of
Parliament in the neat Session. :fie was boned. how-
otter, is candela to state, that there were one or to fir-
seasstaeces which were la some degree nufsroanble
to the prospect of tedecieg ear eipenditnre. Dee of
Woe decenniums was the claim upon the public
likely to arise from the charire'of the Out-Pero
sioners, if not is the ln-Pensioners of Greenwich
Hospital. That charge had hitherto been defray-
ed by the Funds of the Hospital, twig-Wally arisiag
from sums accumulated during war out of time
unclaisr.ed prise money. There was a sum in toady
money. beside the accumulated fends, which was suffi-
cient to provide for the whole charges of the present
year, but a fltaltt had arisen, whether, in voila of
law, the sums accumulated in the hands of the Dlvea
tors could be applied to the expenses of the Oat-Pen-
sioners, after defraying the whoie charge for the In-
Pensioners. This would bring a charge to the public
of 300,0001. a-year, and be WAS out certain whether it
would be necessary or not in the present year to apply
to Parliament fur some pravi,ion upon the subject.
There was soother circumstance to which be would
allude in a more general manner, and that was the
claim of the East India Company upon Government.
The Coutpany had applied for the settlement of that
claim. and there was no indisposition on the part of
the Government to come to a fair adjustment of it. A
strict investigation would, however, be required. and
be was not prepared to say at what time, or seder
what circenestaaces, if ever, it might be just ye
to apply to Parliament on the subject.—
If be found necessary, In the course
of the present Session, to apply to Parlisment,
on account of either of those services, he certainly
should not require the authority of the House to any far-
ther grant of Ways and Means.—(A Member ingoistoi
the amount of the East India Company's claims?).---moo
nominal amount of their claims was 2,000,000/., bit
there were conflicting claims on both sides which would
very considerably reduce that sum, and he could only say
that Government desired nothing hut a fair investlge-
don. He had shewn that the supply of the
veer, Including 500,000/. for Irish Tremor BilKeterfildt
N 16,4001. for public works, amonMed to MA 1..
and that the total of the Ways and Mear.s was WWI, -
With respect to the mode in which the Sinitieg sad
Loan operated upon the pnrchases made by the i
missioners, it would he satisfactory to persons coerce*,
ed in the funds to learn, that by the present amaer►
meat, although 12,000.0001. only were takes in no
course of twelve months from July, 11141, to July, 1021,
yet 12,400,000/. were taken from ilia. I*, to Job. 1921,
so that the UM taken from the Sieltieg Peed in the
course of the last year impended lw feet to a pep!
sum than it would do in the present year. Zlip Wim
an important point of vine in which the "hdll
been considered by the Finance Committee& Thom
Committees, besides itiwavelling the public atteents,
drew up an account of ole payments in cash frees like
Exchequer in the coarse of each year, ettbiltitiog the
amount placed to the reduction of the dal, and
shewing, from a comparison of income and espeaditure.
the amount of debt, and bow much of it bad hese wade
good in each year. 1,1 this point et view be would
proceed to compare the income and espesiluste of
the yeses 1820 and le2l. in Is2o the MONO actually
received in the United Kingdom of Greet artists and
Ireland assented in the whole to 54,640,688/. With re-
spect to the actual expenditure for that yeas, the
char upon the Cot isolidated Peed amounted to
48,5W.1671., for interest on the Sinking Fund of the
Unfeetled Debt, 2,300,1671., making la the whole a
sum of 50.897,335/. for olarges, exclusive of the Sipe:lies
of the year. Taking the whole amount at ex there
at 71.199,854/. and dedi feting from it the amount of in-
come, there appeared an excess of expenditure ever the
revenue amounting to 16,559,1701. But the Sulking
Peed applied in the coarse of the year amounted to
17,508.-773/., so that, in point of fact, there was a fur-
plea of ',COW over expieditnre amounting to 950071.
This was not, however, a fair way of stating the account
of the services of the year. for it mast be observed that
the interest of the Sinkinif Vend of the Unleaded Debt
was 2,300,0001., and the actual amount of a year's inte-
rest of the Unloaded Debt. did not exceed 1.000,000/.
There was a large arrear for the interest of outstand-
ing Exchequer Bills amounang to 900,1100/., making a
total sum applicable to the liquidation of the debt
of 17.1810001. I t appeared, therefore, that in the
course of the year. 1820, our sitsation with regard to
the amount of our incumbrances was may improving
by the sum of 17,180,000/. He would assume, that
the net produce of revenue for the present year was
the same as in the last year. Taking It therefore at
5,422,7141. and adding 200,0001. for Lotteries.
163,0001. Old Stores, :40,0001. Preach Indemnity,
and 125,000/. repayment of Exchequer Bills, the
whole would amount to 5,511,1141. The charge
epee the Consolidated Fund, taking it at 100,0001.
short of last year, would amount in round Numbers
to 480500,0004 The interest of the Sinking hod
of the Unfunded Debt was 1,700,0001. and the
whole services of the year, without going through
the details, would amount to 58,221,000/. Deduct-
in, the amount of revenue for the payments al-
ready enumerated, there would be as expenditure of
13309,816 i. beyond the income. With respect to the
Sinking Fund, the nominal amount this year woe
16. 8001 000/.9 and the actual automat of the reduction a
debt would be 3,590,000/. Adding a sum of 400,001:
for interest of Exchequer Bills, which were overdue,
it appeared that the excess of income over espenditeee
for the present year amounted to about 4,000,0001. It
would be recollected that a clear gamins of 5,000.00 W:
was contemplated last year ; and although that paint
was not likely to be reached, unless the revenue so-
creased very considerably, there was every reason to
suppose that they should approach to it in the
Non of 4to 5. He bad assumed that the reveneeP7:lflle
present year woold not fall abort of that of last year.
and be would Mats the grounds upon which he had
made that assumption. The receipts of the tithe-
quer, in the S months between the sth of Jam.
sty 'sad Ist of June, 1890, amounted to 111,51111.11141. t
but there was a sant of 312,363/. paid soon
a stock in hand for the Malt Tat. wed
in the preceding year. which fettled noO of
the revenue ef that year. Deducting tide watttherefore, the amount of revenue paid lotto the Exche.
quer for the first fire months In the year 1820, muottat.

:y.
