yi

11 if

'~' }

.11 Si

~u~

)?!
►.

SPAM .
•
• 121111lOODINART CORTEP, SITTIO• OP W. 5. 4.
The President ordered articles 75 aid 76 of the re-
, gutation to be read, and after they were read. spoke
ate fellows:—" It is with mach pain that I see myself
• wader the necessitusf recalling an article of your rr-
ialseTtiu loiliitiVartes and the public know how im-
possible it is to Ili Avg is the face of the events of
leseerdry.- foe to undeesive ourselves—the belwatt'
of the Conitilsolinis and. *fear Shorties is the Cortes.
Theretannot be Ceres without discussion, and there
cannot bee ilfietissien if the Deputies are not free to
si-
'rem their hoidens. What more could our enemies
desire than dieoeders of this nature ?• Placed in this
their for the third time, I shall die, bat I shall die
beeriest winters to the whole world, that if years of
.perseention for defending the liberties of my country,
twos not made me encenosh, neither shall I succumb
At the sight of greater risks. Usfortanate Spain, at
.es time er hen the persons of its deputies are not fee
trete& If they are thus attacked, what shall we
kope for? Those are declared enemies of the Consti-
tution who do tot respect the national representatives.
" In these critical circumstances the public ought
to be informed, that at the first noise In the galleries
1 shall end this sitting; and I should likewise desire
that some members of the Congress would excite its
i 9.1 by a proposition on the insult offered yesterday
to the national representatives, not only with a view
to the preservation of their persons, which would be
pamall consequence, bout° preserve the national re-
' siltation sod the Constitution."
' There ens read the following proposition of Senor
'Garcia Page :—" In considet scion of the events whit%
happened yesterday, I request the Cortes to order that
The Secretaries of State be called immediately tu Con-
4ress to give liformation on the means taken by 'Go-
vernment to avoid the result of these events, and the
44autioos that hare been enforced to maintain the
pubic trantsillity, and to agree to those which belong
to the power (tithe Cortes."
The proposition Was not admitted to discussion.
There was then read the following propOiition of
Senor Cepero—" That a despatch be sent to Wolves's,
irequirint their Immediate attendance. to inform !he
Cortis of hie oceartnices of yesterday on the rising of
• the tilting, on the Units °Peed to various deputies,
ind of the oleos Which had been taken to prevent
their repetition. Its author then said, though the
proposition of Senor Garda Page has not been admit-
. fed to distension, I 'shall Ise the freedom of speech
' • pllowed me by your regolatioa; and shall express the
btotivei Osier Sive Induced me to make the proposi-
tion whlth bas'jast been read. Before this epoch, I
elected been ected a deputy, add bad the misfortune to
het eat fundamental law abolished. Then I saw not
Air tni opinions despised. bat found myself throw*
tato a dungeon ; but till this &dewy of the laws
was shut, my persop was religiously respected. Dur-
ing the coarse of yesterday I was witness of a scene
which exceeds all the horrors I have ever WO. and,
In the midst of Miamisforfones, which are well knows,
ft @aperient d 'pain like that of yesterday. I
law, in some saine.idy ciente), threatened with slavery;
for what coo be hiellid fur the preservation of free-
dom, when tbb witteddi representation, to which the
Ouhlie have misted Heir rights and liberties, le tram-
pled upon.
Let it be supposed that I blame the Spanish people,
Of evee the people of Madrid. They are lot capable
9f ao outrage of this mature. The deputies who have
received the powers of the nation have not contracted
say greater obligation than to preserve the constitu-
tion ; and bow can they do so if they may be trampled
Neon with impunity ? Those deputies who were yes-
terday insulted exposed their breasts to the daggers of
• iss, out of love for their country; bat can all the
members of Congress be supposed to po he same
firmness of character ? As for me, I shall act freely,
because dangers do not -larm me ; but are all the
deputies actuated oy tbe same courage, some of them
ft ride through age, sod others weak from physical
conetitation ? Those who brought about the scanda-
lous scene of yesteday are declared enemies of their
cotti•ry, and have inflicted a deeper wound on it than
the rebels who lift their hands against it. I cannot
but recall the iudignity committed in the house of the
widow of Polier—of that hero who was sacrificed for
Lis country, and whose.natue is written in this august
place as a testimony
.of national gratitude. That
house was pulled down. because it sheltered Count
T.tereno—the illustrious deputy—whose sacrifices and
services need no praise of mine. The honourable de-
puty cunclo.led by proposing to adopt the resolutions
stated above.

Senor Sancho said that all the national tepresenta-
tion were insulted in t►e indignity offered to their
colleagues yesterday. It is as much an insult to shout
vices to a deputy for his opinions, as to cry " death"
to hint; and therefore, satisfied with the approbation
of my conscieuce. I eqsally despise both. If the de-
poles are not free to express their opinions, there is
no Linger a constitution. But are the Cartes really
without liberty? I am far from being of this opinion.
Because a dozen or two of persons paid to commit this
excess (for they were beard to say that they bad re-
cei►ed each and such sums), insulted the two deputies,
the national represeatation ought to be considered as
deprived of all freedom ; but at the same time I am of
opinion, that the Corms cannot but take cognizance of
title occurrence, since, although freedom still exists,
it may be lost Kan attempt of this king is viewed with
indiltrrenee. Congress ought also to consult its own
dignity, as well as its freedom, and to exterminate a
miserable faction, which is only of importance in pro-
portion as it excites disorders. lo the opinion of this
deputy, the indiction of punishment was more neces-
sary than the calling of information from Government.
He concluded with the follewing motion That a
commissiod be appointed, which, after consulting with
the Government and the component authorities. may
propose to the Cortes such measures as it may think
proper with respect to the occurrences of yesterday."
Senor Quiroga strongly inveighed against the scan-
dalous disorders of the previous day. Viva, hail been
shouted to the freedom of the press and to klieg° ; bet
they had likewise heard vices to an absolute King,
and cries of " Death for Kiego and Quiroga." He
ascribed all this to the feebleness of Government, who
bad taken no precantioss to prevent. on the previous
day. scenes similar to those which bad occurred three
days before. He declared his respect for the Coact de
Torreao; ud said that as soon as he hoard of the in-
