duaiu reoas "nywnichespression they ,
the esi9tenCe of a mesakprinciple, or g
of aCl:nn,...not derived from intros% (olive..
' • from the ‘ery essence and ,tiatiire of thing,*
rtite iill pen, whatever noty bt their crir
14, are necesesrll) tc9mpelleili to submit),
if; tfie~ were turf :to stain* tpJt, they %contd..,
thgaNNis stifest -what has been considered '-
a:4es' *.s oilit,Vrirttions, and commendable.
:Zeason herself, iteit 4111,111S,diritsitr,that stirs
la us," thatianimateslll4 gfest rule of actil/4
11••••n„•whetiser,christfan or ,Heathen,.blasin;
white, and 'tells us,. hi' strAlble •terms,.'
-ittniote From it; either *to• :the right'
.lift,-'we quit the site ,ifVrtiCittEida4'. t
naval consiolin rection.,—This-rule not
at as a monitor to deterinitle. our 'o,Nol:L._
criterion by
..wlOch 'we .estlmsta•
of other men ; for instance, if any
-Auriga, directly contradictory, or gives,
• %%-;itlence, we
.conclude at once against
bi4atise such .cOutradictions
- patible- with truth ; and if a w °mar
c...rtaiti situations, we conclude in the
toffy. way against her chastity, because
ark: in their nature inconsistent with female
I )u r colicl,usien, in these Cases proceed newt
--they areslerived tram the quality of the'
from our conceptions of what constitutes

. ._ .
tied essence of truth and wicelesty.—r
sitlerations that will not bend to personal i
nt least in a virtuous mind, such a person
the offender is my friend, but "truth
friend ;" it I will not renounce him, I nu
my principles, and how, then, shall "
in my oe it rs!iination ?—As there is a
truth, which will not admit of the sli
of preva tics tion, so is there a consistency
which diselaims every species of favour and
It is of the very essence of justice tl•
should be decided on its proper merits,
regent. to the contending parties. I,
personality is as incompatible with eq\
varication is inconsistent with truth.--'
cur jurisprudence is mild and impartial :
those otlicros distinctions which sub!
countric s, and according to which redress
tially administered or totally denied. '
England receives, or is intended to racer
full measure of justice, conformably to
culled " the golden metemand of the law
is the inheritance of every Englishman*,-
lieritauce, harmoniously combining togs
vine attributes of justice and merry, for - _
t•tat the law of England is a law of mercy,"-- 1
—1 he will no more trust to the fidelity of vi. persons,
chisels assured to it, or at least meant to be assured to
"I. x .In4lts est les iniscricordix+." In despotic Go-; than he would to the veracity of the man who tells
I him one tale to-day, and a different one the next ; 1 it, fur ever, by, the fundemeutal constitution of its
vernments, la ws are often made for the express pur-
i in short, consistency is necessary to be preserved by ', Gov4rnment, as the freedom Of discussion
.for in-
pose of oppressicn, but in Eitellind they have been
all men-and women also. Falstaff says, 64 the bet- ; stance, which, since the introduction Of printing, is
made to guard the naked Ids, ,a;est it. In soms
ter part of valour is discretion ;" without discretion, (commonly styled; he Liberty of the Prese, 'and ad-
countries, Ll;ev were even igued to favner the I
i courage is but fool-hardiness, and in this respect the fait that the peope are conscious likewise that those
rapacity and the pride of the great, but in England .
contests in the fields of Mars very much resemble ;rights have been invaded by means of perfidy, per-
they were intended to protect the feeble against the ;
those in the Courts • of Justice, where many a 'lran, ; etry, and -prostitution, from which originally sprang
strong. In some countries, the life :Ind property of 1
I by renouncing discretion, only betrays the baseness i . eabusion of.their free and amiable laws, yet, from
the subijek is at the sole mercy of a judicial conjuror,
!of his mind staid the impudeuce of his brow-beating,! _ continuance of the abuse, the Nation, it is sup-
.whose business it is to Confound right and wrong,
reel to support egoveittment founded upon political countenance. . i wed, shall be so overawed and intimidated that it
.1
I have perused with attention the Trial of Mr. dare! not assert its hereditary and unquestionable
expediency, against the cries of the people, extorted
Wheble. The speech of the Solicitor-General would 1 rights ; admit all this, and then answer my question,
to eppressiorn and injdiStice ; with us, the Judges
have surprised me, if I had not before read many ! gentle Reader, if •it .bis :possible to find out on the
to whose plaid the life and property of the subject
are intrusted are hts equals and his neighbours, surprising speeches delivered ,by that Gentleman at 'face of the whole eartiLa state of slavery more cruel,
impartially selected ; in short, if the same celestial the Old Bailey. What be will adventure to say next, , more degrading, and more intolerable, than this must
Ido not pretend to predict; but I will venture to Ibeto a virtuous mind. Is it possible that English-,
and , beneficient spirit which dictated our laws
had . always presided over their execution, oar assert,. that his speech savours more of indiscretion ; men can ever be reduced to so forlorn and degenerat-
Courts -of Justice would have resembled tam than of sound argument, and I think future Juries led a state as that here supposed ? Is•it to be believed
pies:dedicated. to the God of Truih and Ifercy, will he better enabled to appreciate the merits of his that they would supinely submit to such abject wOrth.:
and been objects of respect and veneration to • pleading, from the specimeir he has exhibited on this lessites with the means of emancipation in their
all . glen, even in the most corrupt and profligate occasion. pouter, and those means lawful, just, and vir-
tinsel ; but, alas! our Ministers of Justice, like The law that was laid down and implicity followed 1 tuous ; means, which to neglect.is not only to hes
those of some itligions, have followed the lust of on t1:14 trial was that for which we have to thank the i tray 'themselves; but those who have confided- in
their own imighlations, and, like the meretricious i arbitrary Judges in the time of the Stuarts :—it is in , their4dtegrity for obtaining right and justice ? No !
. 1 direct 1
opposition to those. old institutions that are the such a .suppositiera. is too degrading. It •is almost
polletiens that are related est' the Israelites of old,
have abandoned the service of the true Divinity for inheritance of Englishmen. Need we.wonder, then, treasee taint Country to entertain it for a moment.
a falie and idolatrous worship. If religious Aber. that this law stands self-convicted being contradic.. 'fie% cherish, then, the hopes that *dawn upon us,
Wien is in the inspired writings denominated tory and inconsistent, and that it is eren.hostile.. to and venerate the independent Jury that have acquitted
Lhoredoln with propriety, what shall- we say to that the fundamental principles of common equity. Ac. Mr. Wheble upon the- ground that no Englishman
Link and barefaced corrupßott by which Judges, cording to this law with two faces, truth is some- steed neither be ashamed9not afraid to speak the
even here iu England, have prostituted the purity of times considered as a vindication of lite accused t
_rutla c: . :I reeitahre Bre6 4!. • •
our law to the base purposes of a Court ?—Surely party, and sometimes it onty serves to aggravate lite 413110 TRY TRUMAN.S
_ —_ .. %.
such filthy harlotry as this ought to be more odious, off'.ence. Mr. Whehle pleadetithe truth in his -jibe •
to our sight, and more offensive to our nostrils, : tification; and, although .he met with many checks
than any which poverty and compulsive necessity 1 and obstructions in the road he took to unfold caul.
practise in our streets. A British Judge, to be discover that truth, and was, nevertheless, told that
ws):•dly of that ' pure, that benevolent law which he i he had not succeeded, to the extent, at least, that the.
has the honour to administer, ought to have no bias law required, )et was the disclosure sufficient to il-
but 1n the side ofenercre-no partial leaning to luminate the conscience of the Jury, and the verdict
power and greatness—no time-serving servility in fa- was grounded on the fact, that, what he had asserted
vour'sf a lascivious, corrupt, or arbitrary, Court— was true, and consequently not libellous. Truth,•
no prieste views towards the aggrandizement of him- then, is sometimes a justification t—iti
,some, cases,
, ,Itlafriends,. or relations; nor ought he to know , , the old genuine law of libel heitli but in others '
s.,lf
any *tiler distinctions but those of right and wrong : I it does not;
„,„ and is. not this a contradiction ?--
in a herd, his ollic.e is to carry jute •execution the r Suppose Mr.: Wheilte Iked ;been prosecuted by j
law of mercy—that same law that is the iiiherit- i inclictmeati,!. or by an inforinatio,n, es-officio, it
eaee jot evira•y Englishman--he is, therefore, not! would hate. availed ' him nothing Where offered
to warp or, wrest. it from' its true meaning, ono i the truth in bist justification. Ile might have '
lc-1 to change it, .after his own arbitrary fancy. I quoted the ancient law prerious .to the title
—lle swears in the most solemn manner, when lof .the Stuarts, he might hare lafaied the iunova.
e.;:en ing into oth.T, that he will administer justice I liens that ' were made upon ,*rt. Orecious in-
-44 terra, n i beritaace in those days, by perAtmed.and prostituted
. Judges, the C..e • •
xm., r also es•of the Court, as Rapin calls
is re I them ; he might have set against these infiingements
sale ! of'oUr rights the constitutional dootrtue of Sir John
tea, I Powell, which he.opposed at that veTy time against
the : those same innovaiions, though ineffectual to resist
such : them, being t4ckeell by the arbitrary Influence of the
hat is f Crown; in short, he might hire shown that this,prac.
. .• , ,
not ttce was a changeling, an interloper, tbat defrauded ,I
that the people of their bright-right; it would still have,
several availed Ithwnotiting : for the present Law of Lihel,
since
however spurious it may have been in its origin, d
an
•
Mowed however inconsistent it may be in its print:iples, is in
Aught Possession of our Courts of Justice, and posessinn,,
the we are told, is elvocn points of the law. How, then,
tell it may be asked, are Englishmen to recover their
ptecedents ancient and constitutional' rights.l—The hilly answer
w, and that can be made to this question is, that if Juries
•
conscience, will be firm and honest, every, thing must give way
- such ,to their firmness and rectitude.- If Juries wereral-

Viscount ST. Assert, son of the Earl of Asetirair:
stam,.burst a blood vessel, while dancing, last week,
.at a -ball given at Keole, the seat of the Duke of
Doascr, in Kent.. His Lordship was, hot/ever,
next day, considered out of dower: '
FOOTPADS.--In -consequence of the late robbery
of Ur. Alexander'''. 4pert the road between Croydon
and Bromley, twd of the Bow-street horse-patrol
were ordered to pay particular attention to that road.
'Last Saturday evening, about half-past .five o'clock,
Lloyds;ene of the horse-patrol on, tinfyi there, oh-
,carved, in a lane leading 4.rons itreestierf..to Becker'.
jam, ,two men a short distance before ithn—it was
twry dark, bot•from, whaLbe could 'icor them he
'thought they answered the description given of the
foc,tpads who had robbed Mr. Alexander. They
were not close together, put one was on each side
the road, and he could hear them talking togrther.
When he overtook,them he observed, it was a dark
ereniogond aikedthem if they were going to Beck.
enhats ?—One of them answered in a very low,
‘041,4` Yes ;" and immediately after the shortest
verrsuddenly caught hold of his horse's bridle, and,
in et peremptory tone, called out to him to stop.—
Thepstrol, at the same instant, discharged his pistol
at brass: and. he could see distinctly from the light of
the hash,;, diet the robber fell ; and heard him call
out,'4f ,Oh Lord! I al shot.u—The other robber,
tilm.was on the offside of the horse, aimed a vio-
lent blow with a bludgeon at the patrol, but which'
missed him, and struck the horse on his hip, which
sent him off at a full plop. The horse went a con-
siderable distance, before the patrol could atop him ;
he lien turned round, and Trent back to the spot
whore he had left the robbers, bat could not see any
thing of them. The report of the pistol briught
the neighbours within hearing to the spot, and they
assisted the patrol Its making every possible search,
but without success. The robbers appeured to be
'countrymen from their dies One of them was very
stout with a white frock on. The other was a
"ort man, and wore A. *kilt, which bad the s-
-a 'of being tnade of leather or fustian.

an.
t Shakespeare uses the term b:vlotry players" to desc.ribe4
persons, who, inertia*, would overstep the •6 modesty of !!la-
p People turc." 1 have applied the term to Judges called the ereatires
Mary. of a t.'4urk, pause ohoemity in wialattaii the partly taf 4bit law
seem to give.theat a such better tidy to Ilioek!tbet.

.

4
~~~

•

.

dsessed.

Hill, again.
.companied by an officer, of the name of—dite.:, stationed I -
selvesat the door. Whetthe went into the shop, Hill com-
wiled him to lay aside his coat, lest the dnming of his lucks .
might dirt it, and he accordingly laid his coat on a table by .he
side of the fire. Hill then proceeded to comb and curl his hair,
Wed made frequent steps towards the fire fur the purpose of
warming the dreising tongs. When all was finished, he t.uo on
bbcoat, walked down the stairs. mad Brown. and his comp:a-
Wen examined his person, and found the pocket-book unfur-
nished of all its contents.
Brown proved tile marks on the stolen notes to be those which
he had put upon them. They were found by the direction of
1110, after be was taken into custody, closed la a little box, on
which the eat usually sat, by the side of the fire.
The Primmer said, that the notes had certainly dropped from
the coat of Mr. Baker, for be foiled than lyeag ma she ease
after he was gone, and be deposited thew iu the box- where they
were found. • lie was fully committed to stand trial for the of-
fence, and the parties were bound over to prosecute.
A secret Investigation and examination took place. in the Ma-
gistrate's private room, conceraimg the circumstances which oc-
casioned the chief servant .of a respectable public tleiitlemag,
to stab 11;inself in the throat with his penknife, on 'rue lay tast.
1 Three witnesses were exainiaed at considerable length, bet
their evidence has not transpired. Public rumour accuses this
person with having attempted lo commit a n-lat detesiaLle
crime with a fishmonger's apprentice, and hay.ng been surpris,d
by a pre-concerted scheine of some officers, be uttered violence
to himself, but was interru pied. nod lodged in an hospital,
where hopes are entertained of his ultimate recovery. I;ie
danger of exposing his wound to the air, hindered hie from
being brought up to the Court.
Elizabeth Kennelly was charged with having demanded parish
assistance, whilst she was in.a state of intoxieation, which ben
i refused to her, she smashed the windows of the wo:khouae,
and then wallowed in the kennel, whooping and hallooing, And
outraging all common decency, and disturbing the neigobour-
' bond.
She was committed to Bridewell for a week.

MArtruLD.
Lately, Behjailitt Welts, tiq. ut Winstead, Doer. to !re-
beeu, dauAter of H. Laming, liag.:+ol: St. .h de ut
Thanet. •

tiIIIVOIMIN AND APPRDIV/10 SlRDl6l;fii*:
) - Trepared by s. soLommv, M. D. ;J. ,4t •i• •
Gilead House, near' Liverpool.
THE CelObrateilCOltD 1 A L BALM .of GI ttA Dr
• 7
for,l)ehilitles, Nerroue, ifisoniers. and. Weakiweito..pe-
culiar to the Female See, Loss of Appetite, Hysterical amt fly.
pochoadriacil Affections, Lowness of Spirits, tudidi Benool,
Disorders. . .•01 +O .
• Dr. S .ionson's Cordial Balm of Gilead is hatorilleentrelateS
for the Weak, the Sickly, and trillim. 14-all inward Deco's.
Debility, Lowness of Spirits, Weakness in either Sex. whether.
hereditary, acquired, or owing to 'faithful losprudeace, this
birdieing will afford the most wrestle...qui relief.
AN Tf -IMP Ef IGEN ES i or, Solaiiiiirri Drops, is m Medi..
tine superior to every either Remedy yet di.covered in this se
any other lige, for Ole speedy removal and radical core of the
Scurvy. Leprosy, Rheentattc or Gouty,Pagcs, Scrobsta or Kieg's
Evil, Ulcer, of every Description, •Svielled or inflamed Lee.
&C. to Ditorders where Saliva:ion has repeatedly foiled. when
no other remedy could restore the unhappy Suferer to Mat
health he unfortunately hat, the Anti- batictigeoes .h ire.heeo
foetid the great and only restorer the,
Health and Vigour. Tare
Drops purify the Blood, and restatiitbi §lstein when impaired.
by the improdent use of biercury...?4.; •.- .. .
+Mr ' Dr. SGLOhION experts when ' etsulted, the taws
compliment of One-Pound Note; but all written Cases ol
Letters of Advice, it answered lit his leisure, tire ri qaested to
incloievitity Iltilf-a-Guitien. Such letters should for safety, se
thus directed:—" Money letter: Or, Solomon, (Meld-nos et
near Liverpool. Paid double Postage." Letter, ;nay he or.,
tiered to be addressed to X. Z. or A. D. at the Orst-ozhce, to
called fur.
Observe the words "Snail. Solomon, Liverpool," engraver ots
the Stamp i n 11.0110411 are counterfeits.
*The above blvileities are lirelosed in plant direetiont, with
'unwilling Cures, Iltitkelicated by Persists of. Itespectithilityt
and are made up in itotiks. price Ilevra Shillings earls. 'There
are also Family Roulet. at &b. cunt/doing Four of the smatter
ones, Wherein 9s. are saved.
TheA HsTEIt.GENT LOTION clears and beatitiflis theSh int
reintr4speedlll, without pain nr trounle, all It inch of Pin.sii....
Teeters, sting-wens, Spots, Redness. Swellings or Caohtittriel
of the Nose, Blotches, meat evory Species of Clitititeosi. 1...1 up-
tints oat the Surface-of the Hamanßods. it is
the
pleas
sant in its iiverellon i au agreeable osfiness le the Skin WMO'
dMtely mom& its use. It sweetens an refreshes the whole
Complezioss, whirl' resnmen. nt env and the same fin.et
an enlireacil appearance.. The Public hove been long con-
vinced of the certainty of its success its a wife 301.1 certaio re-
medy for Ilerpstie Compleints in general. Pints 41. 611., Hof*
pints 2s. 9d.
• Sold by all Velidere of (lervalne Medicines in the United
Kingdom . , Of whom say also be. had,
1)r. SOLOMON'S justly celebrated G U 11) R to HE A LTH I
or, Advice an both Sores, utter Ss. 4 4
-, 4.'
LON VON : • Printed Rad Published by D. Locust, to the
1 - , • Sv 6 11111/1 411 Ounce, IN. flret•lt MIL

• ,f ~'•

"

.^l'^'[

P
acz•ording to.the. law of the land, the lap terra,
()Jr anre/tora called it, because it is a heir-loom
on laud, the and every mittiborn upon th,•' la nd
i . .
j.•:::t prqrietur therein. But, spite of these 1
.-., . p, etautio•is, our laws have been warped, distort
$ to v, :tival:y changed and metamorphosed, by
Literpre!ation of Judges. We know that.'
thingv cotild not take place without perjury, thi
4 self-evident; but also, that knowledge doe;
'-'t 10.19 vs I—Of what avail is it to know I
i Wright, Jelleriev, Scrogss, Allybone, and se,t
..
triter Judges of those times, were perjured, 51
', i . t e alters. (lens they -established. have been foil°
I by others, OW, receiving them as law, brae thot
A ' t. ey 4id not perjure ;themselves by continuing
p. •icifce.—l shall, however, he so bald as to
the followers of such unconstitutional precede
• I g
i I !sat, .although they may believe them to be hlw,
1,• for thilt reason fuel no upbraidings of conscie
. it.,
ye' it-eamiot be doubted that, by continuing 1
, pr ictirm, they withhold from Englishmen, those
•,,
• " 7.0! (al MS of F,aselotott toe the loh..ritonve of the I',
i 1,.., Ito. .e. I'--ber ito er.a.iihor so the Ist of wall:mai! Ma
. lei llama ./fLatir fit the tat a COkell ilibtheltli.
i/ . . ' •k" , 1
•
_ .

ackuowledged.l;-1V- -.-- -
inv.
To
this
This
1:41,1
posr"
ilot,itarivosi:
ii:l4o
jx,
titlateNw. tit
:iesshi..
te• .
4404,
1,
k.o.
01 . !wel,ff
sltrolsTektilwasilhitY gig. Pet
saidhould'alt tt.etwa,..-.4. isfftsrearatetcoofrps of
f Lecidat
bons I may ; Seetinfrepettitror. --wee win "a'' ---
iimig•lst 1.
general• rules xPv-"'n.a csigralilli see•
,„,,ention, buttour dime,. our, me isbo esseeensts, impede!! .
li" but •
I•Att.,eits
security,oNldni
condition in , Shia is Ofiti' ehtr4,i7 1 e.; P• , itrft , tig tin tq • t%
fut, 7''' . ".:
' .bassist ti r•. " tt flUdiiiit A i .o.4o....ttgr,"tfesen" received that this'
which
.disgrice the annuls I?. i? 13,. P!P . ... M.3'l'. _ ;tool .. . . .
rt io
loge,' fekihis lonlship's, inforenation th
7
limit beca"e, i Our iMpartial law tells us ihat estirtnten a 144fndi
i.it ecisosituation of year store-I.6*ms withi itself shoal[}
hey "'Quid se/ 1 "sole ,s,' d _2_/..iii.h. , , .14.,
.610... i..•►, wish timpopl444l4l,eudionlieelib-16-6uststerld r.; tall 4; :iseneitelabki4l7,llll;74; ll2t The
Cista'll6."att)rdengl.-•$
waili
isidered in all 1 orSall by the j glee's 0. ..ta peers ,_1•71,...yerr..s .fre
ndabie. xt is , have we not sometimes seen upon tne.tsenerf.n.diewhitt, .I.4ffriso4l.'w) . . .
ro44,•ifilfilutlfh-tpjf;itesy•ttetmbetlitt4i:ltfiovoelk coutirt,ll;•Agefj,
Judge striving to prostitute this IpAlt,._rnar . erm
that Stirs with- ' glingter na e that atibi nous monster-1M mode
)f action to all ! lion, by substituting his own dictsitiora, vsißpit,4,4P .7 -am i est ,‘ zs, 8..-.0. v• , -rd.,: .cL). .. ir cflif i•th°llY, —al to Hs etattriimi really Of security; and h.;
ti.etnetletes. tnterriepl, innerst,,.times., re ene;;Admind you, thatinerasetba building. - -
wawa.,
''in or lin legal sophistrk, instead of the sac . iftae---p7..0f ;IA .r4,0,•_,,15-,-,
-iivnerer„ rife 7 trihn,•created for the' soleipttrpose Of intife.,,, 4/ be„."(.6lgfici
'etii,llll4llgth to afford, to its present
'sten .the -f iets-open. to yott,:_lder the Act, to apply to the
It,••4lmtoif we,l, conscience in the Breasts of 3urymenil otii'llairid Rill of treachery as hint! !Mb f.filt ! dtsfey odeitormi.otetanfrof protectioo and resititance
- hand '
or the ' I beheld Such nttemptedseanction recoi WltliLefaini •llit:
t Or's essing to -disguise, whose h
sdii.vvidallik on the heast of t4e vile seducer hiinself; whenever
/ - dicate their independence, I feel an hands Of Astsul kupelsose voice walk *two of Ja i Lieutitelocy f
o %Re County to furnish • more co
of only .serves . see ~uqqs, Ito.. . -, i • . " .'
Law of Libel, con.
'lf idle*, but ,honeste Plle and. exultation in scalline myself an co .barb. litittrresent
.. : a thing . venient Place. for: your depot; of ,whiehl if net es.
estimate! thus! Englishman. Val different are my SenSations when nicieste.eint an c"teedictory, a thitif that no -in- !art,' 'yon„•wilt no doubt feel it expedient to avail
untoteus two : I contemplate the contradictious liy...„,which the jillo2l can recoltile to the ancient fritechises,. yourself: , . • '
rices;: eiary 1 pre,:tice of type Courts has inpOsilfd upon, and7fur ragtiihmen, 'to the principles of -equity, or I ' :flharealsoLord Aidmouth's direction to take this
..einsi.4l4l
..et4Petretted our-law, • and mads‘,..)f ;belie itself. on :eta le.; iiialfr-a fling full of trtlehe47 and I:Occasion. of impressing on you the importance Oft
Fan occssioes.
;Need I tell the. Ites.der, (het, by "1,4e4144, I. ' 4010011_ .17bice is the .voice etfreedom, but ' hasieg your perm/nem Staff and Non-commissioned
s are incone.
an is seen in 'litho. Great Charter, f;tiglishmets cannot be taxed but : rug!. IR! ltoti, . hank of,:cruel, ouct forocioutl Officers and drummers so quartered as to be ens-
; same peremp_ ilrith' their own consent, aodjet twelve toisiex-• oil . 11, .. .S,uult,,is the, modern umped,up lAw bled, by their vicinity 'to your depot, to etford im-
,* such things i.polinders of the law unanimeusly agreed, in. Charles _of ,J'fbe :- f.preksses Stij allow
.a liberty to the mediate assistanceit all times, in ease of neces4t
4, the First's time, to the judiCiai opinion that. thagine Press,‘ but in is a libertylwriliout reality, a promise land-that ydu Will give to your Adjutant aid QuaY ;
'male modesty.
~ might levy ship-money, on e!-gelit and necessary .0-e. ; that ' cheats the e',)• withleleir Illusion," aaelserves i ter-Master special instructions to exert the utmost
necessitate rei;
elisions, and that he wiektitn,,anle,judge of that necol., ; enly as a trap, by which tyranny esisy, enserae its vigilance in the execution of this essential! p t f
;he thing itself,arc o
_Was not this as great a contradiction at •it, preY---YtSs gr, I repeat the werd,tyranny,— , their respective duties.
ales the nature : sitY-
rbese are ran_ ; would be in a private in&vidual.„to.leU two differeriObe tyranny that :preceded and justified the lte• . . I gala, Sir,
. , .
'stories directly opposite to each other, or to preinirri volution; and which
_may .be seen iii the work.
tat partialities,s
1 ricate in his testimony ? .The Reader pill bear in ,called " 'Tyranny Displayed," &leg an account - . ~.
arson will say, ' • J. H. ADDTNGTON.
th is more my mind, of theproceedings In our Courts of Just'ee
no doubt, those principles laid , (owes in. thoi
" first outset of this dissertation, .and'lre,Willii make•Poriod ;• to whichi• -permit Me to add' Pitt's new Ike • t.i.atmiiiii..
. i. .
must renounce i',:_ /
no doubt, join in the exclamations " let no such meg'
illarty rology, or an oceotint of the 'western tirruit of•• •- •
..; •• , 4,„•-••; ;,,.•
I stand even
be tiusted."—He wilt not say that no -Judge what- tite.san,guittaryJetferies. These were the times—times •1: : "'• .." "-rt",4!/•11s'
consistency iii
ever ought to be.trustedi—no, that .would be too i. f pollution and of horrof—from whieh.tbis bastard •- • :.•• ... -.. ,
lightest decrree
indiscriminate, too illiberal a suspicion ;—it would- sip of meritriclons. Law derives its birth, and it is wc r- bi0nr199114,--7/?. Friday; what ►lnv, a halr-drester,
was
sicy in justice,
•and parliality. be something like the railing that. some persons ty of such a parent.-- Were we in any doubt of 1 chaart
.of k„ era'F. 1 A n
-.shield:en „ill. Mv.en.r..nithetil44. Magmtrate' on
al/11W poCket of and
have indulged themselves in against . women in ; i origin, we mighb see it in the features of its face, I.l3aker, Odle he was clienaehls hem
hat every case
5, without any general, deeming the whole sex false ; but he ; f r it fathers •• itself ; nut upon that genuine law of i Mr. linker said, first tiettoitteitwlth Mr. Huse, a Cbynist
will say, trust not a harlotry Judge t. 'l'lie,e ; bigland, that .Les Miserkordiar, with whose mild %Lop us-acre"," aud sad frequealky asiendeil nt the erisimees
In short suchstt ,in Bride-lane, for the purpose of saving his hair dsess d
s
is a proper mean between a blind confidence ; aAd merciful spirit it bears no analog-y but on those,,Sometiaie Ilnringthe year 1611' be 120. in bi e .
quity, as pre- y spocket.butik,
and a general mistrust.—The wittol that cannot ; a itrary.and tyrannical practices of .4ms Courts of had
and proceeded towards tberase or a Gentleman, to whom be
-The spirit of
see his own diSgraCet though obvious to every iJu tire immediately preced4 the Revolution, when, if ilr:ittPu7, and werabairVsiserlYt;el:oo7,olCriehear Callj at
1; it disclaims
other person, resembles the Juryman who implicitly I, trie were ruined for speaking the -troth; and the wards to examine hit pocket-book, tie found that 201. had leesie
lisi,t in some 1
pins his faith upon the dictum of a Judge; this.is as i wields of liberty legally destroyettbf the oPerntion :ell:dr:r:lithe
11e took
..n,:if notice of the loss, and it piped no-
ss is either par-
'culpable as indiscriminate abuse. The just, and ,of hbasy fines and lingering•-imprisonment. I defy his pocket, he had his hair dmsctt
roary,byekiir Itea...agai-iiistliode 'Ili;
re-
livery Every man in
candid man only acknowledges the necessity oecir- any man, lawyer or not, to trace it beyoad: tiie• turning home, he found all Ninnies missing. Still be did not
!eive, the same
cumspection ;,—he knows that there are some things , pra ice of those times; in brief, it is the filthy apbeelLagttit)?..tasurc.
(It:tit:it:of.'
te:treitheftti, till some transartionslai-
what has been
as incompatible with purity in a Judge, as there arc -spa Ai of that wicked and atrocious prostitution of cines, in which his money was agaien Irrsritasetelllf trbiert an to
w," which law
others with modesty in a woman ; and, therefore, ; our amiable law Which necessitated the Revolution. laigehti:wpim to be Ow person. Commluiaitins Ms suspic.ous to
,—q noble in- i 1 gent officer, of the name of Brown, ne was counselled
ogether the di- i when those marks are unequivocal, he concludes i Thelenost complete state of flattery that it is possible to make proof of the Peso b d ' ' lire
i ne y eposning Se o.le-pound
that both are false and unworthy of confidence ;._._ to donceive is that when a nation' it cOnscieus notes h
in is pocket-book, marked in a particular, tuousii uo-
nr we are told
i
.he will no more trust to the fidelity of such persons, of_ Possessing' certain valuable rights and fran- apparent manner, mid thus equipped, go and get •his, lair
- ' . . . 1 . dressed by Mr. Hill, once again. lie did so, and Blown, at.
• _i .._ __ -az- -s• .6.- .-- ..t f1:1.. ......*:.......1 11........:
