THZ '

.

-

RETRACT OP A DISPATCH FROM THE MINISTER NECRE- "M^^-
.TART OF STATE FoR FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE gd: ‘lll-1114111INPrir- ,
cember. b 'ban °Willi), ntr......._ .
aINoDOX Or HAYTI:Aare
of
Sins
sooci.
June
1(1.1.911, ' meat, that on the first appearance of the enent,
iiiit yin. lor Imirreudetiet.• will he comnsetaieeted to all the buildings i;
The Count de Limonade, Minister Secretary of cities, and every,qping destroyed. With thi
Stale'end forlareigu Affairs, to Mr. •Pettiec, Lon- formation we have the consoling promise, that r
s.
don : -:---•; 7' "' I ever the enemy ii driven nut, and the finances p
Sta,—Taur-disPatches drilieVit Of • Shrill, sth order, we shall all be paid our debts and losses.
fait April-last, and their duplicates, reached me by the 44 It is, indeed, d sight that makes hide
• Yuglith brig Vigilant, Captain Flannagan, which shudtkr, to see the preparations making for tb
entered the port of Cape Henry or the loth of May ; struction of the cities, and every thing in Cher
and by the; Bedford, Captain Stucklield ; and the .portable .to the mountains.. The arsenals are or.
Smolensk, Captain Jowsey, which entered rater- , with torches ready to be lighted. If a soggeatiqe lli tw ..-
day, Wing* me your ilinbigus, Gazettes, and other whispered at the Governieent-house„ questionlOgit
‘1.144,1n.„ Our,,
1
Papers, &c. . . policy, the reply is, look at Moscow ; adding, .11.
I hasp !aid these 'dispatthes before the King, who had Moscow not been destroyed, Napoleon wonkt
~ 1-,• ...i...*. • . _.
,
heard their' read with all the attention which they still remain the despot of Europe. wwitiwas waisarscestse .coIimuNICATEn Ix A LET-
merit. I cc
1 I confess the reasoning appears sound. For way ..
.• . The details which you give us of the great events own part, I hope I shall so far close my affairs, tV!t 7, gg
that have taken piece in Europe, and particularly', in • if
a shall not been eye-witness to tlie tragical sceilitsii BUITALOI6 Au.. 15.—A most brilliant affair
t
.France, have afforded the King much sat isliction. the that must take place here. The two parties, those !
tweets, one ehd two o'clock, the enemy made anas covered out armewith glory . This morning, be-
, King, who had attentively observed the train ofeverts ot•Petion and Christophe, can bring into the field
which took place after the retreaCrif Napoleon from ujiwards.of 0000 fighting men, in the event of a assimilate Furt Erie and intrenchments at Erie, and
• 11loacorr, and Successively those 'of Germany, had French invasion; and the soldiers are inured to i were:iiiiigges4pi. Hy defeated with immense loss. 7—
t entire support . • and A_
taaclmted that. Napoleon,•withalt- the fatigue clanger. In truth, I have witnessed 44 !A 11,.4, , .
Hof tire Freneh
li • people, by rt levypo mow, could never the late siege of this city, acts of bravery ill who li --7-m---7--7- •was• made
,on our right and
„
1 eft Bap ' r Fiketilliret Mae formed by Fort
make head against his numerous enemies, who were regiments, that would do honour to the finest trona)
•so '
much the more formidable, because they were in- •in Eur Ope. All their forts and strong places in fli rill. .
,f . nehnifints drawn in sontinstetioo of
•-• 1 - • ,
snorted bfeaperience ; because they had long-stand- • mountains are filling with cured provisions of thoi i t north-ea; 'IA flank of it., The.latter by a strong
irgstuarrels to revenge; because the safety and flue country, and ammunition. Suitt is the present stag i redoubt. At the latt rflitcia thsfenemy approached
honour of thrones were at stake; because they felt the of liar ti, anti such the preparations making for har'l.with bayontitis,Ate. ':*110 fauns without fliet4,
. necessity of uniting, to forte a mass of active force man destruction, and all under the administration
• - • the ita
• which nothing could withstand. His Majesty, cal- nearly so eroded tb ' Inset -. ' d
-of an enlightened virtuous man. My soul sinks
_,-
___. rr o p..,. )• ab pursued m
..
rusipy e a to enter through theabattis with theili
colating the immense losses sustained by the French,
within me when I contemplate it. The indigenoug•
nod got in the rear of the redoubt (where an eiglt,
and the belt sacrifices which it would have been ne- • part of the population is calculated at 320,000 smile t-
-•
cessiry to make, foresaw Oat if Napoleon was not i
the idea of destroying so many human beings, is
,teen-pounder, two sizes; and a five one-half indk
- ,eesonded by the people, he would inevitably kink. 4i neither charitable in conception, nor is it easy ifs! kewitzer were placed)4efore a complete dischatie
's Ris Majesty thought, besides, that if Naphleoti fell, ! execution." A few months will decide, whether could be snide from the*, ,which our men were corn..
itewould not fail to bury himself under the ruins;
the finest country in the Western world is to become • .
or a flourishing state." it-, •
but his Majesty "could, never have divined that he -a dreary desert, to do, •
,withoss.t Ay ing any attention to the
' would have closed his. career in a manner so little . • piquet.
,
. .
worthy. of a soldier. His Majesty's prognostics have s—
. • '
''...
~
ge tgelr'oienting ladle t•, iood short, and de.
been-partly verified in•tbe subjugation of the ample- A•-or• France Mails. Use : •
,
cable enemy of the world ; but the repose of the 1
VO/14 will never-be secure While Napoleon lives; 0
ht they4,l6o-.- • jueseebsde.; .obtained possession;
Was
tt..terlurn to pfiilanthropic principles which the 0 - * ..ip,-...,..! *:4
•' ' ..t •
~ . emu). II of,Europe appear desirous of adapting, • ..
..
. ndine it being killed.
--
PK ic h. OF STOCKS THIN DAY AT O*R 0•OLOCR it.i...11/46"."16itt..4011,,a_i__ a.. •.
.rit a Majesty perceives new means of security to his Bank
Tr
Long. Ann. ._.,.......- ..-.4, ...- - ~. t 110:19 ini ost eiild end spirited dre.l
3 per Cent.
cited.
......
~
-t'seolovri. His Majesty, 'however, since the espul-India Bonds 89 p ,i,
Exchequer Hills 3ri 1 p " .1114/12 ale Pl:Teske bastion, our artillery fired fete
. sin of the satellites of Napoleon from the soil of 4 Ir. eel. "314°4 4 Omnium bi 61 d , • he eniglitihebeneath it, which exploded at a time
:Illyti, hits never Ceased preparing himself for war, 5 per Cent. Navy 941 96 Commis. for Acc. 8.96 gi - •. . .
.li, ? ben taco hundred of the enemy -were upon it, and
and for the Mast obstinate resistance, in the event of i
• an inVasion of his kingdom. His preparations have • tally destroyed them. lantjr. Are: routed corn-
.
been still farther augmented by the complete organi- rti E STATE Sllt ,
4IN•' sietely. Their lost. ti t' lilt to 1000 killed,
: ration ef 'his troops, the provisioning of his fortresses, ' wounded, and prisoners—of the two latter nearly
, end .other• means of defence which have been' re- SD Q. h'ix deserters have cdmi.iti this morning, who
gently taken since the first overtures for peace be-
t.. estima e their loss at 1000. It cannot be le s. . Ours
rween Napoleon and England through the mkliation
of Austria, which we learned here front the news- does orcpbably exceed 36. Ten ot4-y - have as
,papers; and especially.in consequence of the various Jot .is ascertained to have been killed... The
notices and valuable information which you have 44"..sitahved withthe enemy's deed. Colonel
vgiv, en .us„ and !MO have enabled his Majesty to tkke , ?pima ~cOutin to the Generel,44 tilled., Two
sli sultAlsle measures. . aloes said to be taken prisoners. . 6-• ' •
tf, on the one hand, The policy of his Majesty has The ar.
•
led him to measures of, prudence required by his r 4P. S. The explosion was ace l evaal.
Way,
.Its, ooto oil the other, neglected to cause levy, as they retreated, threw their matches un-
c•
uitivatjen.tO fienrisb, as you Will be convinced by r the ,idatfisrm Which remained burning several
~,.-T ---- , I ,
inn ex extleded as the British covered it." 1
tile enormous quantity of colonial prOduCe which
' issues from' the ports of his kingdom., '7 .:4 . -.•( 7 . '. ,
' You most have seen, (rim' various acts of his
Wje.sfi's Government, since his abcession to the
throne, that his Majesty has never collodeded the
• French iieopie with the Government% Which op-
• prissed them. To peaceabfe Merchants he bit .al-
ways offered security, protection, and commerce, it
i the same time that he was determined to repel every
'kind of enemy who should attempt to reduce uslo

LONDON:
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, isl 4.
IMPORTANT INTELLIGRgCE FRIO
AMERICA. '. • Ar.
• ..
We regret to state that. the matAugielcome and
unexpected accounts, after whit we have recently
received, have this day reached us front America.
—By the Jemw, M TERS, arrived at Dartmouth in
23 days from Rhode Island, American Pipers to the
28th ult. have been received; they contain the un-
pleasant intelligence, that an attack was made on
Fort Erie on the 15th of August, at two o'clock in
'the morning, which failed of success, 44110114
British were compelled to retire, with -114C41—Sts...'
of six hundred men killed, wounded, ant son
,
ors ; among the former is Colonel Motown), .a
relative of the. Brkisb General. These Papers also
state that Commodore CMMISICEIC was left blockading
•the British squadrowontbe Lakes. The same Papers
admit, that Admiral 'Cocnnitre was in the Chesa-
peael with 46 sail?. 011144 of men of war,
transports, 4c. and that 14 hnd effected a landing
with 4000 lien, With 'nictitation of going against:
.Washington ; at the same time they hold out that the
American Government had collected a force of 7000
men to meet them. • , ' '

-~,

past Sive. ascii— The battle wax, obstinately
. r•
1
contests met* than two boors. The British
cOught' fix •, bit :'irere beaten at every point.,
with the Teel: of iiiiiOre than .500 men killed and
woenOed
.tiiilides Wirpriseners. . Lieut.-Colonel
111111:4her Officers are among the
does. pot exceed fifty killed and
iris, --otitti,:,l,;' , o
•

slavery.
You may declare, Sir, as you ate now authorized
to do, that his Majesty will with,pleasure receive the
vessels of French Merchants which shall be legally
cleared out for the ports of Hayti ; they .halt be
protected and treated like the subjects of other
frietidlyTowers, who trade peaceably with Hayti,
provided they punctually c9nform to the lews of
the kingdom. You rrs) divot this assorancu'iO the
French Merchant,,and even publish it inyouT,Josit.
'
A new order of things wises; his Majesty
braces the cOnsoling hope of finding a jest and phi-
lanthtopic Gov4tintent, which, convinced ,that force
is powerless to. re luce us to subjection, Jill not for-
/eratnottg our chants, that of having ttomlutted its
'most implacable enemy from the commencement of
Ids reign to his fall, and never having listened to any
' Of those proposals which his agents from all countries
have made us. His Majeitti natters himself that lie
will find humane sentbeehtslu a Sovereign instructed
by misfortune.
•lesoe -state of unceitainty as to the manures of
the new Soiereign of France, with 'regard' to es, le
cannot take any direct course or step, as you Itrited
• us, until we are positively informed as itt• his 'Wen.-
tions. It is for you,',Sir, who, with unbotended at.
tachment and fiblity, hive constantly defended the
interests of the too tang unfortunate Monarch, whom
you serve; it is for you, who are much attached
to the cause of king Henry, and who possesi in.
'formation respecting this country, to prepare the
• channels by which the two Powers may come to it'n
understanding for their mutual interest, and the be-
nefit of their respective rubjects. When this is done,
you need not doubt that his Majesty will listen to
such just and reasonable proposals as may be made
to him, and will hasten to appoint an accredited re-
presentative. to stipulate for his interests, and those
of his kingdom.
(Signed) DE LIMONADE.

NEW—____ . , •
NEW 'YORK, Avis. 21. • , •
From oat •CorrespOndooti bb 'the ?faits this
horning. ; . •

One of the articles in these Papers state, not as
express from Cell. WINDER had arrived at &MOM.
conveying the information, that if reiolorcements
did not arrive -in twenty-four hours, Washington
would be lost.

IWASIIINGTON CITY GAZETTE ErtilA0111)1114211
• Alwyn, 18,18144 • '
Poi 01..' Leo koot, Itidnidny morning,
Avg. 17, 1814.
A squadron of seven 'sail anchored to the east-
ward•of Point Lookout. Tesreictay evening Ad.
viral Cockbura left St. George's Island, accom.
*flied by all the fleet, except three frigates, and
tethered in company with the squadron lying, it

We extract from the Rhode Nand Paper the
American officisl announcement of the battle, and
various other particulars, as under, of these most
important circumstances. The American lose in the
action of. Fort Erie is smifU indeed compared to ours,
but this is accounted for,in't antssequent communica..
tion, which states that the. chief cause of the die.:
aster that befel our troops upon this occasion was
the elplosion of a magazine, by which 200 men were
killed. Our army is stated t• be fatting back to
Fort George, and are represented as mach pinched;
for provisions, which are very scarce In Canada.
COLT OF A LETTER racial satavolus•d'LN, GAl2riti T 4

111 THE SECRETARY OF WAR, DATED "''',
" Head•quarters, Fort Erie, U. C. A.gi4 11kw
- • #4l. , .1
«DEAR Sra,—My heart is gladdened within!,
'tide to Heaven and joy to my country, to havii It'
my power to inform you that the gallant army v
my command has this morning beaten the
' commanded b Lieut.-Gen. D%---- -
vent conflict
two o'clock
flank, ,
old Fort
bayonet,
in killed
kil#ed.
one-ten'

Point. This morning at day-light I discov9reij
this fleet had been reinforced during the night by 30
.from below, viz. siz
,double-deckers, eight
pgates, five ships, apparently transports; one gun.:
Bldg. and nine schooners, -milting the whole force
tiirenty-sla ships,= two gnn-brigs, and eighteen

EXTRACT OP A LETTER.
" /3,41-rett-Prince, Avg.!, 1814.
6 6 The present Is to give, you some idea. of our
Situation and proFpects. since the late great change of
-affairs on the Continent. I really anticipate with
feelings of horror, the scenes of bloodshed and mas.
-*acre' that must take place in thfs island, in the
event of the French attacking it. The people of this
island, according to their present feeling, Could not
hear with patience any proposal from France incon-
• aistent with principles of independence. I have been
on intimate terms with President Petion for years,
and tan assure you, a more virtuous and amiable'
man 1 never kuew. lie is the idol of the people;

••• •
SehOOillifilf hi all 46, sill, including vessels of all
dtieripttp/C4claske fife said fleet. There are
thiee Militia' at anchor off St. George's Island, and
4wo in tiattutant River.
Oestinition bf thj Beet It not 'doubt, up the Bay,
Whose intention ids,. we niarseptkoset to attempt the
destruction of the city, of 'ltiililutgiOn or Baltimore.
Two of the line cf battle .hips, which art;*last
ofsht are Admirals, one carrying a blue flag ether
xen, the other a red flag at her main. ThaiQn
loaded from the enemy's small vessels, that
,ascended St. Mary's river on Monday morning., 'did
no material injury that I have •understdoch
/attuned to the fleet next morning.
I have the hon Our to be, &c. -•
Japlar Arawong. THOM AS' SWANNs•
P. S. At 15 minutes past 8 A. 111. a pari'of The
fleet is in motion, standing up the Bay. --
Office of the Baltimore Patriot, Friday mon,
THE ENEMY REINFORCED AND AT HAND:.;
Expresses arrived last night from Washington and
Annapolis, 'with accotints that Six 74'sk eight fri.
gates, and t number of.treniporis4 to theeumbei-ef
all, caniiiiito the Bay, on the 16th and
proceeding up. It is said three gait
)napolis yesterday.
Major-General Smith, from the
sited States, .was received yester-
hold hi, brigaderin readinest. to
minuiteh upon the order of General

r .- ..

•

~e..

'to be lighted up in that island. We a day or
ago noticed the Speech of M. DEsrounNctrx,
the French Chamber of Deputies, recommend
the expedition to St. Domingo, in which he stall
that the Chiefs of the Island are inclined to i
quiesce in the plans of the French Gormand

or, we suppose, rather of the §fate Menial
This M. DESPOURNEAUX was pit;bed upott•
be Captain-General of Sti-irelislwr;-

sequently haLsood reasons, for wishing tkitl
establishment ‘wr .4eiavery. pie he has either 44.1
eudeavouring to mislead his Government, ne•i
ing from the most gross misinformation. Ariz
long period of Slavery, the massacre; and eserufirm
the hunting uith blood-hounds, end the:other greei.
ties r hich the inhabitants of thillt ill-fated Wiwi ‘.
experienced-, it -is no wonder, that ,t he. very idea otli
new in I Ilion
tie
excite in !Iry feelings and ft,
solutions of the mist determined resistance, e/doa'

bittereervettgtintee to thcise who icor a,
subjugation. We sicortliegili 44A.4
teally look to rack ,an event 'with Weds 4,..
rep"' up to the lath *stretchy, and/ tat' Mi.
'Nekux 'may . expect a very diffreatt:7
from his black subjects than hg 'anticipates.)
By advice& which have reached ii•—ftOni
Prince, the chiOf seat of President:Onto:es 01
_.,., ,
M—
:to so recent a date as the 2d ult, O • kite r '
illtd -doctialet;ti, Ititich incontieallientii '

. ,_,.

--.:.~-~
~_iV~:Y

dkpositiik9 of the_llaytians. The, first it see
• An
of•ai;"Aciel Aspitch, written Alkik•
''state of tititiloturri or as be IVviltied,'

ilittteir ;.liati.the.other 15 a letter froilii

`resiclnf-tal•Port.au:Prhice. The

docnmeliii:Conveir must be icioked on as. kiogq
portant, and•Pairtientarty ,so to France. TWA%
of an army will be the signet foi the cleUedaii
between CIIttiiYOPIIE and PETIOW; • who, it is 41

cau bring sixty thpasand fighting wen into the
now in a condiiiii4 to wa s,si.reggirr:Rarfsrs

9atiotiso4ololllllFligiak;S:::.:
The ipieq4opi.p4As.ktiolei i3mpetoto.
aseditatett an 'performed soistsscbvaied fell's° is
the tight jin which tth actionthao contemplated bpkil
organ,i)f.thet tiloyitiap :Gpiterwasent; is not likely tabs
soon 'or eerily eallOttitt tajwitsfgroded existenoe.l%
tunately this clispatCtirent e. llitytian Setrteta. of
State, which toniposition unique in
not whip* Weise ...or -the dignit) and the fettores of
ollice,l6seei#lk,itimpfor amicable act•oaseiedatio*,
which' f!vl kliipally: be' far mote benefitlal• to
,France, than eyea ;b€'wildsit distams 6014 i.
furiated colonists..
,t et us trust, that this' '
ailt he laid.hald that-Instead of the-land andd tea
forces, ~chiclt its 111416 X SO blindly asks fat,
nothing eoen ander.takings, and friendly
overt • 1:01' and' diet 'dies, it $
approaching Congress, the at stumbling-Mock Os
an Immediate' and universal abolition of the Slats
Trade will be removed. • •

We to:clii eye ei,o.s of the Memorial from Ott
Merchants. of Bristol to the Lords Commjssioners of
the Admiralty, on the subject, of the depredations
committee° n our tradg by .Ameritiiti.privateen,
gether with the sailer thereto. It will be seen from
these that ihe Merchants and the Managers of oar
Navy Iloard• are not agreed in opinion ob the most
likely means of "securing and faCilitating our eodi.
merce. The former,..sibo one.wOold Auppse are the
best judges of whotrelatecto their own Interest, look
upon the sy stetu of convoyruxcept-in laugasyagos,

li
88; a Clog rather than i benefit to OU ds r tresin •
present the necessitrofporeettilFleptyrotekti!le: g
stationed along our coast; trittilit:pilr:Cuelinre_plies,
I that thungt::a tiaiideabie lola • hair biriat6nit iiew
`is employed on the • statliagG to which SIT Memo-
-1 rialists particularly:advert, their torilitifps do not
concur in the propositidti, that k number bf' cruisers
can afford complete protection against the otta;iinal
1 attempts of privateers, lksifttiiht nothing Out a system
of convoy can have the desirefilffoct._ The experi-
ence of all former periods is adduced in proof of
tiiisi Tit lii:"Cpoicaa sheOl.khiTola,- that the' pre-
sent period skate widely friiikell others witich have
relation' to 'Vtis:question. If the whole power oOthe
1 British nary,. Which may now be turned to this, ob-
If'ct,' pin dot ;for' ;deg aele PVBtticlliiree air-Tate
'close to oor shores, and dere a few privateers from
.‘tlins laughing us in the face; our iteist mean of de-
fence have arrived at a high pitch, pitfted. The Cap-
tains of the captured ressels•are..otcoused of beiug
'theMselies the causes of
.ihe luSiltiaki deserting the
secrovolye,'iod are threatened With being brought to
punishmenaor being guilty or such illegal acts.: .
- - -- ---

, BY the way of France we haie 'reeglyek letters
from Gibraltar to the Rd inst. and iliss.frlhasitag
''an extract from one of them, with very rfilhfuls
•••,)
telligenec
" GIBRALTAR, SEPT. am veil ataverto in•
form you that the disorder here, insteAtp,Ustkug
moved, as the public accounts state, has 'ire•a'p•
,pertred under very unpleasant circumitances.—N,,f
the least doubt of the exislertcts. of the mlll4lllO
fever being entertained, all the usual precautiout
which had been abandoned are again resorted tn, to
lessen as much as possible the diffusion of the malad
It is some-consolation, that the contagious effect will
be Tery•mach limited- by the previous alarm; Is
the departure of almost all those whlift
not bere•re'been visited with this disease. As •ifWf-
,fects tradingintercourse, 'nu may assume that fro.
'siness nill,j)l suspended for two months at tree,
and perhapttherrafer proceeding will he to con.i:ler
the whole tiati-as lost to commercial aslventure.":
Yestertipx, abopt JklfikaStilkqkss'llock,
P,ntscalttaixT arrived at from
Windsor. 3:4' • • 7211i'

,

commanded by Lieut.-Gen. likenwOondoinet-A
64*41 a :tbrtr`lis in 01) .Pilinito the Bay, on the 16th and
conni4 were conflict of near three hour', l'flh, and were proceeding up. ft is said three Sail
two o'clock, A. M. They attack* us •asir Mc were in sight of Annapolis yesterday.
flank, got possession of the gallant bastion ' ' ' ,An express to Major-General Smith, from the
old Fort Erie, which was regained at the point o! Prtahlent of the United States, . was received yester-
bayonet, with a dreadful slaughter. The enemy'S ' .4hr, veistitting to hold his brigalieln—ieaditiest: to
in killed and prisoners is about GOO-v.-neat
marh:in iftun mine*, upon the order .of General
... -
kil#ed. Our loss is considerable, but I thick iviikapi. ~, .„.., -,
.
one-tenth as great as that of the.enemy. I wilt :
...,...*. . •
,4444-
detain the:express.to give yot -She. particulars.. I ! Si* and. '*4
* 4 SM
II terestt than have yet been
, ,• • •
preparing my force to fallow up the blow. Witil.4 awialtened-in'tbe4 ds oldie humane by Ale attempts
great respendinsl esteem,. vos&hellient servant,
,\:, to.reolva the Slave Trade, seem about to excite the
• • •n- iltif4 6/40 AGittINESI -1 liveliest attention to the state and afralri of 5t.7,0.
" firi, Gen. COMMA •
" lion. John Armstrong, Ser. at War." • "lg.: wits°. A new and desolating war is, we fear; about
.v.l _., 1 ..
