~~

0i '
..4)
e
luj

•, .

—AA:amm:. 4 :rib; 11.6.lit** ;•••.4.

r

~'-~

~, ~.-- ,

:: y;

~

purpose of calling theetteution of the Reuse toethis proclaiming their ruin . , . • e.e---
that the dilfutiop of farther . in- :His Hon'. rrieed, had •complaleed that the Pvelitninarw
•Ireaty that I rise- Ministers have eisst heetelet rind yet, in the face of 1 .
,
heard on file ioltjeci, etiny is it, !of Wisji too,pre. 1 plaitieuts,"'wesaid, " I tay lei& the parties interested. to., ige'caty erateepe laid befprot the House!, bet, he coeld
salutary conclusieu-something may, tint .see that it ,would have made eny difterenee, Hs
jodge thete! the House must, howeyer recollect • recessar the fy, re_ore ,
:eultittion .r. Rulers. of Russia and !PristliMinery . Treaty Was as ,much binding
.en the
that not long ago an .g Address' was °Otani/misty li we made. this sacrifice, e . • 44: -
I vourabieo life care of hunistility, lionciiir of the cavalry As• to the melt a reed upon,
:le • .
presoosod, ea eke Prince Regent, handily proying : perer bejustified in crit• el .. a;
reed
einterpoaie[ee of his Heyal Highness at 'the licy.--eLdpd. oheirs.]- mly remained 10, rent he lieCeS. as any other Treaty. .He court. net presun•.e to say.
• ••' • ' l i • '
.. . .
.ry intonate— to ensure the oat triumph. of a, :what was the feeling of the, house in :their formes
qn.neentipe then IN Page*? for the total •abolition ;row ground of commercial interest, the result prowl: great and just cause. It is only necessary,- there- Address ; but it was his belie( Ala they. never ese
of the Slave Trade within the territorial possgesions 'we were nol formic -1- fie e hear !] In the West fore, to toelte the mind of France. acquainted with, peeted more from his Majesty's Minister, than fairly
Of our AllieS.- We trust als° remember tile gnu:is 1 belies the seat of our` a'
r'ophetie losses in many ' the real evils of such a traffic,' which, eves ee!...lte use their exertions to influence. other Goyero.
on, ansvier of the fteletle; with the best assurances ' respects' solid advantages wPere'derlied from our deci- phatically termed • "The disgrace •of F.egletkti,peeels to abolish this trade.
.Lie did not believe that '
of his aid In fitetheriamilor te generous an :object. ' sion. I appeal to severe! Gentlemen who hear me, mitt Mitt the * torment of Africa:" Ti,is once doueellitetrer intended that this country was to terCe, if
We mest, therellnee,..afsair-. 'loch an aeseratice• con- ' and arbit.:know the fact be a'• • '. s I have.stated 'it.- ! the co-operation hecoMes general; end the more. we l'we could not persuade, other nations to join in the
;dude, that *Wert* wer4imule, to give effect to :mar i Wee!, eisareer.9-The French. thlete now [want.; reflect, the more room for li . •1 . h e WO !abolition In the former negociation with Frinee*
humble priveita ,but, alas kihe result proves how ;Stars, isfee, than some of our dill lb therefasro,; all ' the )WI '.g °I? 1 ,
fruitless
Iref Neel was not entitled to this exemptione-r[llear ii : bine shoesnsolaaniiiions whicla,'; ilite, Mind can„cem..l there was nothing which would have led him to sup.
peace fled : .1 .P1,111- e-- i .. -
'esploin my `inkroit,• kt becomes'
necessary for tite t 1..4 iiii. however, afraid that her object is not the ; Whe'n 'we rejoice in the peaoe fed Comfort .we,..havel
pain. mu.st yet pred • r Arlme that the .House considered that this question
ottld he a 'sine qua non of peace.. If .we could not
descriW that Which it 'is 'no,: auy opinion w;111' a :lirdittionc. Far be it from me to impute disguised , just established in Europe. -wipe-we. are.abOut jai "ees,. mule other rowers to ngree with ,oric:bonesoletit
Nita' tie the taled.moatloat of the condaelf *of the Mr or networtby motives to a nation now our Aug ; I : pot up our thankkics'flefeeee- lestr,4e grticiees 1.,
~, .!es, we hadno means of compelling theca to do So*
orgociottooi .1 stiorialore; at the same tenit; it is esstes cannot, however, estrange kale my mind the idea! nificence of Proglititieel in,
,Otte '
.11Alf, ,ate,..We tit • hives pot to. he filflpesedikat we were hound to give /
cal thaei4 shavw insoludeesteedi-in the. Address with I that perhaps she tempithe ' ' •
•mayll4ll ate trepeophog of :the same instant expel from out', i bt, that we,.are, ,
if of inersilly,,tiyother, nations at the point of
Is hich I siMileTtlliiir thOat tae reeivel of this de. :St. Domingo.- [Load cries:o gear 13-4f.thit ob. connivine at the
. fl '
testee e traffic is as4.2posile teethe real interests of jece can be mediteted, against the possibility , b
of its lag quarter rspoliation of a largeind. unotfende : thilbe.yone. 4.ooeitild.he seelhat it would he eervitee
p. the globe-at the ruin °f.'s people • the,caose oil bum:Deity to .contieue the shedding of
a y iiiteikriiN IR tiSoYition is congenial with the adoption would t raise feeble •
my voice while exist-; who never in,inretl us, and at the iqtrOduitiou hap i ~ ... 1 .
blood in Europe for the purpose of insisting.on the. •
miatitA4Aus ,voice of this watitsw..e'e[eliirit 'eyrie of ence remained, against the Ira • -
Helmut attempt *Would their race of e'syfitem of horrors fac,teeediag,-,oth : immediete abolition of the trade: Mr.• Fox was a,
hter./1-*At a :moment but tetleral jay; 'Wren we hail I urge every member of the community to Mike in ' ordinary rulei:ef' established *tartar ' • *or, or , sincere a friend of theabelition a; any: (0110; yet he
•
those amongst us who nobly aidgreaetrenutrituted unqualified "reprobation.. .Wear, hear .9....11 'we ! extermination-''' 11301iflay alien to those valorous 1 neeer,thought,pf putting this question as the, moat.
) . •
to the causeseof our extellialiststlo iteWaiebat natimil consider the mate of that ifwesense istaud; and the ,feelings which h. the gloom of ontending „nations ' Pfeelieent onstin the
neeoriation in which he was
-
to suppose that ni,,o,y -tip., raaey of t4e community possibility of such an • event As that to which I have. still pervades the protracted conflict---n contest, in . elllPlaYed. thee blench Government it that time
,barely hinted, of 500,600
were too much hurriett airily by the festiTities of the. human beings being torn i, which no Wellington appears to' v[loo a valour ore expressly spviedt'lltet the F.nveror. Would discess
hour to unite in the, promotion of an object of eke- from comfort and domeitic peter* to slavery and bar- I trtind with a gentleness of heart gilding, yid yet soft- i the %deepen after. tbet eireitelusinp ef , Vie treaty ; but . .
Tier consideration; ft *as riot a'tirne, nor were the "barity, the mind revolts f " tem even the possibility of letting the calamities of hostile strifil-LCheers]-- ,tll4l it had :not bee, eufficiently.eonsidered in France;•
cieceinstaticse suited at the moment for the full ex. 'such a contemplation ; besides, we must consider In fine, a ' in its. • '' ' •
war ceaseless
PillleinStAbtic (*log through the channel of a that this immense .remetrel Would involve in its con-. fined iii its principles,. end, remersile' es in its oliject;',ol' not at that, time express an (vision that Mr. Fox
Petition, and yet, notwithstanding these impedi. ' sequence the peace and safety of two or three mil. [Hear; hear!] lit every view of •this` aubj#o47l. fmoLt to 'hire 'made. 014:V.1.116161;414*" 44""alumtf-.
inents, there has been enough of general expression lions of Africans, and be productive of consequences cannot withhold my repugnance at the surreedereof • mot, eta Itia, pegocistion; and if ,he hod made. it 1.
to manifest incontrovertibly that the nation possesses which two 'or three centuries would not repair.- i any colonies which exposed' A Rita oE thpihuoinu ' peemitteqt poitit,„ 4,10 evident from theillaWs4 of
but oringpit thus aubject•-[dear, hear !]-- [Hear fj-illf this be eved remotely the object Of ; race to the scourge of extermiutio 4 14 °lf sFrli/c.h Ponlallnasm meat that .the iregoeintiolt could
95,e "WWI/ 4, .., • . ••• - i
Even ti thecaleraity allay be diverted, its sum and Fraecet we cannot too soon express our sentiments I put out of consideration its
substaoce maybe,modified, if not wholly retnnyed. upon it, and it is right-onequivocally to -proclaith I West India settlement 'lt IC- - - `..' of 1# ruil altheiegle.4 Were rendering
91111109 N en 4 ?Air jpwq-, nßt, net/ seetmlettr,,in fur tiegocietions with the•Qourki •
s'' , 1.44;•!'f4!* Twlnel's cm.:
__, . v ..., every pe,s;ibie
Thete het orielc feral)fistract in Africa allteady.liappy,;,t4tne,.-[llear 1-Another source. of regret .on a minor grounds of mere ,iinytnerciol .specatatvion, I ..alqieraeceito.fortegelsyet we.tlid not think oerelrea •
at least sit i sertv. degree, tiirough.mt,fimeans, Past slew of our errors) ,„that when the first dee am actuated, least of .4
1111' I . l' d4°0:60.0 reqpielegethe immediate obnlition olefsee
l'i IP! to sIPPPIIII .
nopirmtelgiofeelveikitaticesei Hy the..exeMplipte. of this eclaration .of our Allies we, otade, we had tint been that our merchants ,riding is tiiii (tplctqr will feel trifk, but Weraietitiged,with (*tabling from tiottOntrt•
pa.tVrotti ifi, ree risk (mike, elf shivery,' leech mi.- Flealiitiry on the subfeef. I well remember 'that we ,that
at this prefelientee IP theieteresta of tritotherl4lPro:l4oll.: tiell. larlt... Greatly as he teasseirt of.
sckaoi. isetsere‘ooll el itsiorrisri may fbe,pbvi. , heard inechef our sacrifices, clearly admitting tll'hile.., natie'n. ' I should, do tl gt,' e' tregif Ily spgh gi ''el4rthe importafre.or theopestiou, acrd, Deli and der •
-wee- ' Or rjr'-ie.ati/tlwg iwgt,pf •4.4,44 ess 't eessity of yieldieg the colonial conquests of ehevitift'+'ettitibei %reeolleeting
,-,t).'ellei iggeerity- Witle-.40•4
_ii,
. f.. 1 • 101 l as tile.? trecactiwse, still he elid:Pcit thiitheim
•Aleff" • !A$ '"'t '''• id
was my, n %tee eririnesjtAyitivequrAt tifit. iii *TN. - but wheenreoritemplated the present unqualified eektiatmajer part of Of them *Clime .forward • '• k .- k. this, cottptry„phouLd4tic gcommitteihin war, or pre:,
hi ere 'Co Oni rel.fty, Alt lifvyal Ilielneqsrpold be . akin efithem 4. [Alcorn lam now only sorry that the their .suppPri. The dile co-ope • I*
,ratsoeilp .A,,e% 0E4911.. trein,mahleri,peare :by thicilegle crusiderai
gricimiay *, e'aiaj to tileke thitcolal Xbolition•athe . Allies. were, not sooner in possession of this plain and Ably n't she 1. e4r,.bear 10. grotekt;,tpf.o4e'cuutt,-r' itir.. 14e weed: that his Hon: Friend wee ism H.
~
Sleve•Tracte their/mum fo'f, q,f, ant eeseio4;.,this "nnltersitrfeeling of Greii,l Britain in this transaction;; Wear n Pf N '
r. :Wilberforce herisiallqii ~,,te ,14 r.;,, dined ho ander-eater the ..value. of the stipulating.
stipulation hail lii'rfeetpetit Jae .yiewi of,,Aollooti. .1. the course Would then have been plain, and lige' .Birtlikit4a. XII eannotitit,p-pailtig I ' 61....1 to,- whieb,France hadisiatle.in ItheYreatyi; but he could-
.IMIS•• Ise. t • -
am .1). r."". 1" hs2`r. lir!" Mfulli„ silks itai,,inten4„eit .shonld leave nothing iettoipective to lament. I agile tisk pis, "irialrilepiliel one, I ' f toile. ;..t .assire the game that if, he had 'entered: he weak
,F IP :°, . re en see •• ""e • I •
appncattont- emu rutty. inserenalt;tiust, the Save. edieelisim anrimputation open -outeegoeiator ; at the .prWt .this stipulation as connected with colonial cessionio
---ietlev. hiaa RS it wfti,. AM estahlishes. it in au,o;
reign :Phore pf
,the
,Nretherlilpds,44,tready at once rIarPICOM/ k 448 ,Prepared to confess I cannot gisess.St ther, Owe there can exist no pessibiiisty of,, cempeti- ,1«#1M 114.fe thskitollioAllidivent beep refot.f.i. 'lf
to second 'onr views, of fanntediate and: !Mike %be. , enimesidtfr.a.tion which co suet; e ;elle. tion. I repeat, I mean „to overlook all considerations
~question whether .France ,was if be a great nation '
litioa.--Viearl hierd7l-71,barge thegefoeg, altesedi; *ion 11--illek 1 reaty udoldseeillear, .hear n--I am of mere every day 0110, and to fa' sft to uacom. :and to, have colonies, was distinct from that of her
the AddreiN for, the purpose tot ifstretleeitig,one .is ililtsls.ie skany reason to ant once the introdoc.- promising prineiple. [Hear hear,. .my Brawl,' adepting our doctrines upon this question. When
e,e . . .
satisfectiiu 'at the preffered .tip-ollaralifis„taf )1191-.; tioin On emote, 'involving wlih-fti gestural cruise_ object now is tO .nttigate 97 I •' , i cannot prevenei,Franee was re-established as a great nation, her go.
I
lani.l. Sweden had also conCerred • here a
,sad. re- ` euelleys the &neve crimes of rapine mid murder.-- evil; fur this purpose I look towards the factpriee,i yernment ecedify,• consented to stipulate that she
cotlaesippioeltes, oath/it/tied. Otnisjeloape, which, ' [Lottil crime /setae; hear_!]-it is strange, when I i which ,France h(ilde adjoining that nearly civilizede,vionid
with #sigtiwari, 'wiltd4.,:he without. teligAktotiu of in- rememberepsd.givefull•credit to it, the avoWed de. tract Of country to which I have already:adverted • ; joins/41MAF: country in her endeavours to pro.
eureeahe tq . fdeplitlen.pf the trade. lie thought
huiiiittity, is now hy its transfer to France, ex. elaration of' Ministers in favour• of the Abolition of Commerce is incompatible with this,delested:traf§4, ,thlt,t his Ho.a.Frien4l had taken 'rather too gloomy a
posed to the terrilde. visitation • -the -former nation the Steve Trade,-Ufeur, hear!],-These considera- therefore she cannot object to exempt thatpant Review of the.subject,in;supposiog that becaose France
1 . . , .
point •; ihe utmost, perhaps, we ma whore she. really, upholds commercial. improvemept,
has, however, othisie, though smeller 6plnelostighich tinny n'ad Me to des,, did not rgree, to the jinmediate abolition, the trade.,
imakeil* •Fer'coidielity with us ateg ;ilatory on new hope for; is the abolition after five years. I *yet [Hear, hear ri-M tll be, by full he
y next en as e. " weapovier, to 0, each. olished. It had been found, howe
I
shrf %air. -Denmark. hail
„?.I.lo.eaprired Iser,solemu cling to thdlhepe, that by a proper elucidation of its meat of this dreadful plague and all, ts concomitant ever, in this country, not only on this particular •
aselett-CHear,:. hcrtr !"1--Tlso•, reason, however, : consequences, France 'may yet retract from her peie 'enormities, to compel its advocates to a direct AIM. quest,ien, but. en almost every other of great iin-
whlch at iiregent chiellf, eieighe diiisteeey. heap, is, tioncious desires; that she may, by a properektmet., tattoo, pledging the faith of Europe to, its Seal,' poreweee,,that.the best and wisest political regulit.
that iii common With oiriltiistrious edvocetetetiereto. , ledge of the traffic itself, in all its bearings, relinquish extinction. by a conjoint law, affixing ;44thrs,werie .not instantly adopted, but that it •Vortit.
for we hail lift to state:opt' tact; and,lay doien.por a compact vitally affecting her best interests and, 'erleatillnl. throughout'rhuli
the world at the end
.ortirej,"me time ~eeen before .the soundest truths- bifseintsi
principle, Chili dome; .mcrohyit ott4 joilastle (11 , feelings, her' character and her honour-and that rt, or, if possible, a far kV; period. • le. jecities,ornivereelly emitted to. leg' en this reentry had tong
the &Sent instil*, bylhe nature oar Genstiku. , she may by a conscious Mention to tunic i '14,0 or religirml, con be heard at.Cougress,.• reietedithe ebelittep ea Parliament which hati.aremed --.
.;._., .
tioe,:vbeit atreat' • is wipe salictioatid, nothing re. i tire principles, so modify, if net annul, her Act, ia the appeal will tot he made in vain. If *it he post/ to kl t'ili-da.lPb e'er th:eSilisel:""iiihiglitt'eti• • -
maths but itl' ."
tii it, #lli4o#,ty ;.4till, ItOwtwor, Ito limit its duration, mid to exempt from its horrors Moms character of • national honour and virtue ~efta4l to pursue theft object : it had heel, reiverk of
sontlithlei mik t blittinitleiitifigitie that which could ; that part.of the world in which, we had implanted be Worth consideration-e-when the present meni,time:Thellonse, theretnve, must net lila me othercessuL
Pot •lkiettlegnra_s Iii:018 feitettces ildest be matter ' the seeds of.civilisatiOn, and inculcated the virtues of 1 and the present, Ohne*
I will. have passed into
known only by their acts 'll°llll code, espggially
.algid natal once adopt the same
if there should be any .sop. •
wthiHe 1::oi::::::::::difts were to he eafforte'd at thd
era. X the uesals course 'of treaties was not industry and' social life.-Uleak, hear !] -A painful •wemb of time, and •her
ad
~
43
ailigthitlielY; the:,,reliminary arrangement , incident rushes on my mind : on the day when this • not
'beer inceptions-when to the historian
set l' are as was the mind of his
treat; tt fore., the deatfitire had been signed.- `revolting treaty reached Me, I received .11 letter devolve the task ,ef recording ottr virtues or,„ener„f?iiii °l' the heYel •
v q ..
(nor. :-- ere'ehat' the.soese, from one end of the 1 from Africa, announcing that' 414 left depot of vices, it is for the rulers in the presentiostauce, to
eoun IF titip:ollfet,,Oliftionl "iairf. wouid be raised, I Slave-dealers had been_ rooted; oat (torn the vicinity I reflect, and pow to stamp the clithactersewhich will
and tit i 711tjte sancluni of a Veil so_ientem- lof Sierra. Leeee, and that in a district embracing a •
4?
i hereafter he traCed in imperishable lettersepied I e 04, I." -
subject; and piunreht ittrbedea4or'ever7nPistenti°t filtateellitei this
wisetes to. remove this detestable • tradie, yet there 0:'
plated.' u el
*lni,.
le n ton. wetly, unanimously. claim re-' vase extent of country, human hunters would no I cid, whether. they .willibecnnsideredes the bellefece wa'" strPng impression iii France' 1301 only "mug
dempticie from 'such' a, stoetna at an ex ce,, or I longer be found in quest of their prey,-[Hear!]- i tors of mankind, or as only confederates eitiognish. the lower,
.but among tit! hilher orders, that we
;erne...land set, at this very moment, whey the light of ci- ' ing (heir, owe' lewd. for, the more oCittual .stele not sincere nor dishiterested in our eoeertiess
for ,soy consitl eretiiial.s.t; Cd•ersd cries, of:i the Abolition.. • If, th f ' •it were our wish
If this Opportunity,' haft been .064,* we should not' vilization was beaming on a persecuted and un- persecution of nnoitepding millions
Ito make that people our eneavy, we eould take no •
siosi.`_„ll4#lliis Nil CetisVderation toditicties, 'for, on .1 otfenditig people, we were about to re-deliver this creatures.-[ tons/ cries of hew ./F-The limo ie 110114,
tit their 'fellow
. " e I on.. r ere aro,
suelftirhni ,peach *Pura be universally, abjured.- I'Coutineet into ,all the hotrors of barbarity and salutary, let them pause to consider the comparative): urf'r means, than making such a gustier! a qee.stion
ef ower. . I oey would immedietely believe, if .the
It tikiiiiiltiel at (MI advanced peiind .to revert tot crime.
..In ,the river of Sierra Leone, the 'eat of estimate, and may their‘ilecision• Wend thehounde.
' disktitilltAs *hich' O"IIAIII,Sinte halllioe II expressive I our improvera.mts, a small French Island was ties of humanity and virtue, and by eillarging•the:- colonies had been is ithheld from them on pretence of
of ilteunkrilifen, of
,elliament'• on ,the criminality of situtted, '
so that the seeds of slavery Would take sphere of social comfort and enjoymeee, give to the I stipulation, that we kept them for commercial par.
I a,: , 1
a cca ITC filch pre tugs) their tweets tlot less a root, sad, of course, extend in that point, where names of the great pahlic benefactors of our times a ores, :and .not from our abhorrence of the Slave
nu:Oho111in one* he lretl' thousand- euttealliy,eon-.,!,liftef..
nv muoh.,labour and expense, and self-devotion,
develop stability coeval with the blessing they will 'lava 'W. rade. It would lime been thought, as was malig-
nantly suggested, by the, former Government of
fused throughout the whp
, lee humus, rnce."
sigeinetthem* an the :,41ajerity to eintersnitsahlee linduStcY and peace wares beginning to)-[Loud, France, that (lie war ear contittued' by us solelvefor
slavery ; this U a ,u4t idried it heiberherity, ,for the ! themselves ,Tilleor, hear .]-e-Not far from this
1 I ~ mid repeated cries of hear !]-.Kr., Wilberforeo.con.
the sal. e f keeping a d -co Urine commercial roe
! tomes. As to the other..evereretoreeeropee,s semen! ' •
mode and rift 4 ot. 'Ott "eirrpotia ,arpgure. slit. river, in' e nation where we are Only, known as elided by musing an Address, pf, which the follott leg , .• ' Pll "41 , 1., '
:/,,
fuseilliirhuelicnii atirMellihtrie in AlCical, rapitith% spoliators, as poisoners of the domestic cup, and is t obstatice :____ . .
.
• • id throughthe rseverii ef- ' Lave beet) most unfair ant, cruel 111 put them to sot%
death and atrocity,eamaug a leuaherhis population, abettors Of fratric tr, pe tX That an tumble Mitre.. he. preseoled to his Royal Highness a tent as was ••t‘ • ,_.,1 ec• ir is •d ,
sounnowly pfy oil* satvil.,r 14.68 .---• .
and for a time,* it hoot stanter-iiiaire - heart IJ- i feet'!" of lie African Institutiohi the last advice .1, ts
...e • ciore Regent, representing that, while we learn with great etranted as they,had, epeen.te lira
in .she Re-. ;
yet strange to say, su a
.the pubitcalsone r have I enure/rate the: •pregrees of •'moral Imlleovestlent• slier:Kerns his keine obtained the consent of Sweden and I lot. . .
too much
toot ,
land for the immediate and Onqualierd AbositiOs ef t‘ he Slave lianas . struggle, it ems too rums few suppose 4
read,. partieelarly those of foreigners, which em- and the extending education of many ebildoen.-
brace the discussion ...Of . Ind Slave. Trade, all' re. Are these, the. prospects then ilmt ere to be abate. Trade, *care yet Wood in duty by our late Address, io which they: caul vet to. cOallitiMe theowne. for such :
esola'ion if .France shall his 110Yel h
Ilivness was pleased to return so gracious an answer, 'ell object)... thoggb ;;Iley, ,were prepared .to go ell . - ..,.
gretted the ceistrece of .the evili.bot notes'enfolded.;:doned to miser mid d _
.... -11 th . —..,t0 la t not his Royal interposition at the late Convention legieireate,lepons,,,fpgao. heneeelmit opur.polo, !jet.,
the:speedy prospect of.a-retnody l• it Is no*, there.:ldiardloW any _
,exemptdtoti ?
..[ ear, !far ftektntto.-
had failed to accompli4 the dewitablit object of his Royal Ilk* to have, preassakothialsoing, sip a eine qoa non, ,might ..•
fore,, that I,,feteiPthrs,bitter .neglect of not. havinge ,her object- of My A dress is; that t al ia .er
.. grIS 1 firp...the union o i, to
wi 'et I tl saved the world,
_esef.sintentions-rt the same tidic topress upon his Roval He have .1* 5e1....1 • •
sweater diffutted full leformation upon the Continent • Means fail, we shall at least secure the redemption
s attention ' unalterable regret, that rice policy of Ir,
. _ '"ii. WiffPh." ?elf!, ho-trestedi hid-no- mean service
tehrtive to the real aid practical state of the ease, :of the pledge. If a litni
.Ptule evihiclehisilotseurable Friend had "
beiug fully impressed with the conviction, that lied • let us take care the arrant
this hewn clone, nooCoreaneseatin Europe, at this I irrevocable. I don't meal As-;ti • negoeintione with the former
I,fraexe, thOugh, he thought- it pre.
day, wouldexpose -itself, to the:tdunneful asivociacsol setting no value on the I the niasipcLion of Papers on this sub.
of so detestable a measeve.i.--[Heari]-We must i lition in the Treaty ; of lts4,ott, hqshation it, saying, that this
Pot, however, cope:eat from ourselves that our op.!1 some way towards the ul
:heitni pressed tr,ithout success at Cho.
presents/use our own weaponi, they carefully fur. ; not , help thinking, that 'NeeiesySel interior, indeed, erns' the ty-
nib!' themselves With what once was plausibly urgee cious now, we cannot tool Iliata,Lieateroglent, ,and so overwhelming
hi our own justification ;so many years resolved' tion iii fine. years hence, , iti 0440 they were kept, that he firmly
from the time of our first agitating this subject, un will naturally place her it
1: motntlit,trot so
of hu lll.lnally:perts of, that kingdom, it Was
iii the period of its final.extinction, that they now Mode; I therefore repent,
.nowtots a feet that aft, Slave Tiede had
elaim-1 similar indulgence for the casual removal of uncourteous, that we shoe.)
so much ogee fished. • The French negotiators, there-
their predilections. Such has been the arguments,the late occasion, been forced to defer
know, of some of their Ministers ; such was the the common . . If the nation, which would hate thought
course adopted in one of the htte French debates; pet, by a formal stipelatio, restoration of its Colonies a high dis.
'Minietees on behalf of Engloodhaden-
they, however, forget the dissimilarity of the cir- public. law of Europe, '
tances of both countries. At that time other : cessationthe . .
of Slave Tr obtain..istipulatioos for a shorter pe.
spins in -favour of- that.. part of . Attica to
trations were pot, as at present they are, ready or ; time.-E Loud cries of Hear
likely to co-operate with England for that purposed let the voice of mankind ' Hooeurable.l47rienel had alluded; but the
,--[llear, hear!]-Injustice to ourselves, it ought ;. infamous. When I make
irettrient had begged to 'he left the mac.
b
to be stated, in mitigation of our moral character, elution, and ' not to be forced to set at reserve the hope that mo:
and in practical proof of our sacrifice in the came treaty already entered hits of foreign Powers. '-bey'-bey would then
agreed to the Abolition,' &loupe, could' be transkri We: W. use ell "their induenge to destroy Alia
of humanity, that when we
Neville Friend -(Lord Grey), Nary, .wky mot hopefiat its goat otherwise they coislfilOctliing with-
on the motion of a . .
_n.
the
noes adeocating: eleewhere this glorious cause-et a treateinitarreor .i ;,the tuition. • They, 44'4 us.' dew,
ex matte - other 2s-tflent•l -Thitt on , sosocapoes that all,.nteeine, .loeir
that very period we:Were maintaining awe pe
• • • •and .- riod of human .0 grunco 4 bfi Sdopted. Ile thogella - :lilit Roo.
magi- -----c--'-wg a vast exteneleekomesercri ,_.
.. ~.,.....ft .. . . ... ... - .
..
•Plenapotentiatete at th, ' one time disposed to give too snitch
4-xporligg, wee,tlyoline or` ten.Milliensof o
' pifactores) thooptintsckstod .brae,. I kok -sad oh
to I Whit* 't*te loudly matt.

a'

_ •

. • .
in the event of an Abolition ; .nterit satiffigni;
those loud and important coat- ..formatioo alizad
the traffic must cease:" It is wards a OtOre`sa
that foreigners should' *now stis'o'• With ext.
e) and that inhumanity,. can' Auktria were far
)nsidemt)on. 'mercantile po- thefecOrei it on
I—But eireehere, on the star- ' nary information

. . s - -;:•,•;••::',.•
~.
. .
• -
a . . . ,T•
••
I :., , ,:.,.....)6A, - . ...........ia.,..,..,,,..1., 4,,,,.,-,,;...,„: . - Ai._ .. .: . ....eirt .
.y. _.
-...- '"""0"'"'"•- - -,- „..„-,..-....---,-.......:--.... • -
, . ..
their ruin in the event of an Abolition ; .Intrilitseitiani: • That the :diffusion of farther . in- .His bon. rrieuni had CoMplalool that the Peelintinarsi
leface of thoie loud and impedefit cote- .tormatititt 4lroad may lead the. parties interested, toe, i'Ellittit Weasiet laid before: the Rouse s but, he cciel4
,
f said, the traffic must mu:" It is :wards a 'ilereesalotary conclusjets-Something may,
• • 13 'not .see 1114 it ,Pinned have made ony dl trance, ass . .
4. ,
i. ~ r.
terefore, that foreis.
gners should'itnow 'arise: , With exultation .che. Rulers. of Russia and !Pristliteinaty . Treaty is as es snuch binding
.en the
s sacrifice, and that inhumanity,: can Auldria were faveurabri fe...tifecauese e „ unettir,y, ,
r h 1 ;honour of the coontry as to the article asreed upon' ,
. s
;fed in considerethan oUmercotije po- ; thefefere, it only reinaleed to *tend the neces. as any other Treaty. .He could net presume to say. t
t•oheer's•]-Bht. eireihere, on the star- . sary information to ensure the *'tend
triumph. of a, :what was the feeling of the, [louse in :their forinee • .
A commercial interest, the result proved." great and just cause. It is only necessary,- there- Address ; but it was his belief .that they, never ex. ,
inseis.-tfieer, hew !] -In the West fore, to make the mind. of France. acquainted with, pected more from his Majesty's Minister, than fairly
,
seat of our prophetic losses,, in many , the teal evils of' such a traffic,' which was ems.' to use their exertions to influence other Governs
advantages were 'derived from our deci- - phatically termed • ".The disgrace •of Evglaskd I Meets to abolish this trade. lie did not believe thee -
!al to several Gentlemen who hear me, and the - tohnent of Africa:" This 0 I I.Ce d0ue,..1
Ill:sever intended that this country was to force, if
ow the fact-to be as I have stated 'it.- the co-operation becoMes general; end the moreswe
we- could not persuade, other nations to join in the
efl-The French. delude nowt [multi relleCt, the more room for lipgering hoOe„-With I abolition. In the former negociation with Frew*,
hen some of ours did Uwe, therefor's; all - the consolations which): tlie, mind can, .coal-• I...,... .
there was nothing which would have led him to sup. , ...,
lot entitled to this ezemption.-e[llearli : bine, shame and pain mtit Yet pred-pasinite.- Rose that the .1-loese considered that this question • i
never, afraid that her object is iiet the : When 'we rejoice in the *pettoe'and et,
:w bare,4 . . .% •
t toe
ilsherient;dualeieo7,,•sleir qua non of peace.. If .we could not
Far be it from me to impute disguised ; just established in Europe-wirnTel. areAbot
Powers to agree vvith,etterbefievoletst
motives to a nation now oar Aug ; I : pet up our thanAktoileiven Ter.ithe rickets., 60,, w!es, we haduo menus of compelling them to do so. ..; .
ever, estrange frosts my mind the idea' nificence of Pt'ovktetieel ins Our
,hplf, ,ca 9,. we sit. It was pot to he eppposodthat we were bound to give
' she mar MI template the tespeopling of : the same instant expel rime out., bt, that we..ere, lessons of morslity,,tp other nations at. the point 0 ,
.- [Loud elle,' ,qf lilearl]-!-1 Ithit ob- : conniving at the spoliation of a largeiind u' po•
meditated, against the possibility of its ing quarter pf the globe-at the ruin °f .'s trends : thithayoneti.egislid.he seerhat it would he serving
..-
people . the,csese IA humastlty,. to ..cretieue the shedding of .
nild I' raise my feeble voice while exist-; who never injured es, and at the iatradtlitiou hap i blood in Europe for the purpose of insisting.on the. . ..
d, against the lierbareos attemptiould , their race of a (item of !terrors _far, "aceesiltagreer ; immediate aholition of the trade.' bir.•Fox was al ,
member nit the community to Mike in ' ordinary rutiti:Of' astablished *attar..
',Far. of., sincere a friend of the.alwilition a; any: matt, yet he •
reprohation[ilear, hear !]-.11 ' we! exterminetiOthOstility alien to Am , . .
moms 1 nesec,thoughtsrlf putting this question as the. most' T' ' • :s_ .
Kate, of that itnesense bleeds *ad the •feelings which 1106 gloom of.
sentending „Pillions' neeociation in which, he was .
...
r such an event as that to which I have., still pervades the protracted conilictr4 contest, in 1 elttPial'fd. Tilos French Government at that time .•.,:.
I, of 500,000, Human beings being torn i, which no Wellington appears to exhibit a valour of., ealicasidy. 'Pi
PPriliqept onstiu the
, tedsilset the I'snpernr. Would discleel-
.. ,
t and domeitic pot* to slavery and bars I mind with a gentleness of heart g• ildlng, yid yet soft-' -.4 :
i the quepitton 010.4 seent4usiop df ;the treaty ; hut . •
mind revolts from' even the possibility off ening the calamities of hostile strifp- Cheers.]-- ~ I'm; At
,hral :not bee, aofficiently.considered in France;• . • ~ .
r,, • •
emplation ; besides, we most consider In fine, a war ceaseless in its confirmation, viscous ; t.s4Cntrie to any inimediateftleFidee on tlt.• 'fhe Wine
nerve . remove! Would involve in its con-. &mut in its pr.letiples,. and, remgrsilets in its oliject_,;*id"
~not at that, time express an epleitet that Mrs Fee
1 peace and safety of two or three mils [Hear; hear!] In every vies!, of.shia subills4a
...WOK to have .made. ,thils'srpseweisias•-•440- 4.miteivelv..
icans, and be productive of consequences cannot withhokl my repugnance at the surreedersof Petra, tilt hilt. pegociation; and if ,her Mini made. it a
...- -
• .
or three centuries would not repair.- I any colonies which exposed a tort oft thpijiumen ;.Pltariltiveet poilit,„ittWas evident 'kora the:antiset of
f this be evens` remotely the object of I race to the scourge of
,esteimiutittotal,Arisoootteles, ttif that ,i he tiegotietieti mulct;
Fretscil Pcsjvcsnment
cannot too soon express our sentiments I put out of consideration its epttintien,teit Jiff iPwilitnike„'havt. "c"164. . s r
Onteur tiegocietions with theQourte • •
il it is right -unequivocally to -proclaith West India settlements.. 'lt ns.not ArweleTrendering . ,_
, . t. • . * . 9 • • • 1
was tat !greed, ettneiugo,we Were every itesWyse
or!]-Another source. of regret .on a minor grounds of mire go/proemial -a jpegeht,tion, I.•rassaatapctettoVertggel,yet we.did not think onrelsea. •
s's :-
our errersmi,sthat when the first dee am actuated, least of all am i +Wined to sopposssisielgifiedt.o regivisietiethe immediate Ht)"94"" "f4-1"*" .- , •.• '-'''''".
our Allies we made, we had lint been that our merchants triling 1.11 thins, ,Quact4r., will fealqt, but weresefiagedwith ebtaining from thatCoette ~s
on the subject. [well remember that we jealousy at this prefetrettpeeto the interests of attother•J . APPrelarnittiiitt 'fats Greatly ini lae tine it 0:- -s,. ..
's - S.s -
if our sacrifices, clearly admitting tilOte- Whin. ' I should do them, ?tittle hr spr,ti.:Aiom - the imPqrtapre.pg thOoloestion, andansliod% and•der • ...
, .
aiding the colonial conquests of thentaft nttittibiti ;recollecting.;tlnl agefraty wtgisit'
' le the (eatable as lib, tt•pcie.tiwdd, dill he did not think. ilisf
l•
eontemplated the present unqualified eektiwmajer Part of thefts came •forward :itt„frin -:-.
4. [gown lam now only sorry that the their .sappOri. The dile Co-oParatiot3 +fsf.•-gis%
us ,witbs thla , coiliill7ooll,9uldsba tcometittedAts war, or pre..
• .
OE4 veoteil frqmsnut)tiogspeece :by, thisssiegle considerai, . ..,
, ~ ~
not pone( ju possession of this plain and AM" I' she 1' ever,,bear ip grateki Jefoljectiox-r. itir• - '
....
• J., • .
ling of Cy Britain Britain in this transaction;: [Marl Nr. :Wilberforce herp..allutle4,4l ,14r40; 14e wim- gied, that his lion: Friend wait itot iiss -
clink to onder.ratte the...value, of the stipulation.
,Uttitl then t•em -been plain, and liii BerliiiiisT, utt cannot-Ititp-pkyliii Likotio. ta.i.whickrtallpr hadittat[o• in ghe Trea tyi; but be could'
nothing iettoipective to lament. I agile thit patteriltiarilepiliet otto,plaae ,of traders oil sciasolire4he gaiStles ORO', hat had ventured: to weak
'lmputation -open -outnegoeiator ; at-the' 'crlftlege,- base as it wee ' and estahliabeaitin auto; .this stipulation as 'connected with colonial cessitinito ....,
..,
amt prepared to confess I cannot gsess.at• titer, where there can exist no possibiitty ptcempeti- ,h4c#l,A We 140' "4"-baYft bet" "fute'l. • rili.•
'lt ton which,cooid „arrant such a cells. Lion. Ire peat, I mean-to overlook ali considerations.,question whether ..France ,was to be a great nation '
'treaty' unfolds.f7i/Lear, -hear !]--I am of mere every day 0110, and to yea'
05t,t
,t,O uacom. , and to, have colonies, wasdistinct from that of her -
skany reason to 4uttlorise the introdoc. promising prinCiple. [Hear, hear,. .my Brawl,' adopting our doctrines upon this question. When 4 '
Atte, 'involving wiih-les gestural conse- object now is, to :mitigate, 'if I cannot prevens,,France was re-established as a great nation, her go.
(idiot* crimes of rapine and murder.-- evil; fur this purpose I look towards the factsicoilivernment !Radials consented to stipulate that site ,
.•:.
,of hea; Isearfl-it is strange, when I which, France hold; adjoining that nearly eivilized,j,w"id
i
curesthe tq j. akplitlen „of the trade. lb thought
Indgivefull -credit to it, the avowed de- tract of country to which I have alreadyadverted . , kilts/41MAF; cPuntry in her endeavours to pros
Ministers in favour. of the Abolition of i Commerce is incompatible with this,detested: traffic
1.014 his Hon.:Friend had taken "rather too gloomy ti.
. .
rode.-Ulear, hear!]-These considera- i therefore
.she cannot object to exempt that . 9 .
of• b. '•s os that France
part
vytew the se Jed, tn, upp log because ,
- I
eto despond ; the utmost, perhaps, we May whore she. really, upholds commercialimprovemept, , did not !Agree, to the immediate abolition, the trod.: ,
sr; is the abolition after five years. I -yet' [Hear, hear rj-My nest will be, a full awe_ watt pe,vies. by to l e holished. It had been found, how - - i
: ,tes
thripe, that by a proper elucidation of its meat of this dreadful plague and all.its concomitant ever, in this country, not only on this particular, • 2 t
es, France *may yet retract from her per. 'enormities, to compel its advocates to a directlimi- queen, but en almost every other of great inn- I i
• '
sires; that she may, by a proper•know.• teflon, pledging the faith of Europe to, its Sisal,' por,tersce, ,tbot.the best and wisest political regula.
traffic itself, in all its bearings, relinquish extinction. by a conjoint 1,,,, affixing i4x/tleyn,were not. instantly adopted, but that
_it ;took . • ~,
vitally affecting her best interests and :niesatillts! throughout the world at the end
.ortiud i,'.°_'" lest' truths became , ' • ...
timeseeen before she. soundest , • • 's
n•- character and her hononr•-sand that or, passible, afar ess period. JuP ces T „
, •
s iParliament which had appm.ed -, • •
r a conscious atfention to those i re if 1 - •If• si isniuvereelly esseuted to. keen this coontry had long. . '
liwity4 we religirm, can be heard at.Cougroass• resistedithe ebelitiess sit . . .
les, so modify, if net annul, her Act, iti the appeal will not he made in vain. If inks pout to lleseiectvd to
.telornisb o'er tlie StaverTredesitrefirtievi • -::,.:**, - '.- -4, :
, r!
duration, and to exempt from its horror*-,afre4l to purees? theft object : it bad been a'wdrit of .. „
booms character of • national honour and virtue
' the world in which, we had implanted be Worth consideration--when the present men*l„time,fhelionae,thereftwe, must not blame other remit . •
civilisatien, and inculcAted the virtues of and the vete/wow*week! net at once adapt the same :
will. have passed into the. T.terif4- °P PM? tiICY
oral code, espeeially if there should be any .so p.. • ~,,-: .
id' social life.-[lleak, hear !] -A painful [womb
_,of time,' and h k
'....e' ..nown only by their ecss . •• . • . :
1' a were to he eafore,4l at thd
' positicie that the • t tot . . .
dies on my mind :I on the day when this • not their intentions-when to the historian wilt
/ ~.
treaty reached Me, I received a letter ~ttfoint oiLf.the bayonet. rure as was the mind of his
devolve the task ,of recording our virtues or,
„oar,
-- .?
a, announcing 'that nth. lag depot of vices, it.is fOr the rulers in the preseutinstance, to ssozo. Jrnkel....lll, in his ardent occupation about this :
rs had been rooted; oat, (torn the vicinity reflect, anti now to stamp the cingacters,.which trill subject ; and pure as the Government had been in - e
. -
tepee, and that in a district embracing a hereafter be traCed in imperishable lettersrptid le des. its .wssetes. to. remove. this
.detestable .tradic, yet there o'. .
, as^ strniie impression in France, not only among c:
t. of country, human hunters would no cide whether- they Willae considesedes the b.t.iiefacS. w•' - •.
.
•
aund hi qitest of their prey,-[Hear!]- tors of mankind, or -as ohliconfederates extinguish- the lower, but among the higher orders, that we
were not sincere nor disinterested in our eseerttess
this very moment, when the light of ci- ing their, own domeStiifeeris for• the more oCettual
for the Abolition. If, therefore, it were our wish :.
..
was beaming on a persecuted and tin-I persecution of onottepding minions of their .fellow... .
.
)(triple, we were about to re-deliver this creatures.-f, toed ceies of hear !Y- The limo ie ntiwito make that people
making
enemy, , we could take no • • .
into ,all the horrors of barbarity and salutary, let sham pause to consider the comparative. :•surfr means, than malt*" au" ° queSti" a q""Ii"
',the river of Sierra Leone, the seat of estimate, and may their ilerision patend tl
,tof power. .Taey would immediately believe, if .the
ie,bounds.
colonieshad
westerns a small French Island was vies of humanity and virtue, and by ettlarging•the-
, been withheld from them on pretence of
a that the seeds of slavery Would take sphere of social comfort and enjoyment, give to the ' a stipulation, that we kept them for commercial pare
.g.oseds,
:tied:not • f. rota our abhorrence of the Slave ~
• of course, extend in that point, where i names of the great pithlic benefactors of our times a . , .
1.•
1. ,labour end expense, and self-devotion,' stability -yrs e. It would *aye
dbeen thought,. as was malig-
coeval with Out hiesiing they will havn difo
•
tad peace were beginning to develop I fused throughout the whple : Wiwi, race."--1. Loud , tautly suggested s • .
fire thn former Government of
.--Uleary hear !]-,-Not far from this 1 awl rc,
7 coed cries of hear I]-Wir. Wilberfotesssitt. France, that the
.war eaccontetued •by us solel %/Joe - •
the situ! pf keeping aod eonqueriti commercial roe
nation where we are only known as I coded be musing an Address, pf,which the following louse , , ,___, 27 ' 2,
. , , s. As to hie otnerpooverateve.nrope4,,s, would ' • ~
.
• .
. • Lave beets most unfair and cruel rp ,put ttip*n to suds •.....
as poisoners of the domestic cull, and is t
he uhstaiouce,:-
I. fratriCkl4 ihratigh the perseverieg ef- That an tumble Address be. presented to his Royal Highnoss a tees t asinsinuated !iy 4iist Lion.,Faeod.-2---• . -
he Afrkert Instiinsioh, the last advice .1, 2,
.e • ciace Regent, representing that, while we learn with great - --9
--
- seas
- . •
Stramed as they,had,,hgen,te .the, almost in ,she are. ,
the: •progrees of :moral Improveshenti 5 14j4aC411111 his 14:4 i elg obtained lie consent of Sweden and !lot-
•
0E44 education of many tbildoen.- lend for the immediate and Unqualified Mutinies of the Slave .
titious • struggle, 14 w9a iezoo touch tses lap that 4.
'the prospects then that .are to be ;ban- Trade, we are yet bound in duty by our late Address, to aloch tner.c.oult,l,m_. wig
.ne to. cantina') that or for such
. . •.
Wisely and desOlation if .France shall his itoyal Highness was pleased to return so graciou, on answer, all Oilect)-09461$ ;0161,1Y: Avec* Pleitared. to go all .-.,
. - 9 ' A•• to limeut that hi, Royal interposition at the late Convention •legitinettshieotglitssfesse.lieneselesit C tar.Pola• Vat'. -. • • . ,
to •
exemption ?ff. [Hear, hoar!]---A .9- ntto-
had ,
failed to accomplish the limitable object of his Royal High to *two presseskithbrpolet, ste a sing qssa nan, .might ... . .
t' of' my Address that if all et. er
ess'iiintentions—at the Mine [LUC to ress upon his Resat HO have, d.issoily,ed. the union which, had saved the world, , .
we shall. at least secure the redemption
neo's attention our unalterable regret, that the policy of Franc, atidiviochoFmoil,, ha-trestedi hiof-no- mean service
edge. If a limitation must he granted .
would not, at this moment, lead it to the abolition of a fro% •
%,s►?vent ,
._..
__., 2 , . ....
care the arrangement shall be final an itorious to the common interests of the nOrld, and s,thrersive, to the gtecta.:Prii.•
Wets his iltieourable Friend had •
I don't mean to be understood as ! very principle of humanity, honour, and religion. The
.s. - - •- • . - es , ,
ssillie t-0.141;be -neeociations with the former
meta of fra,ce thougn he thought- :it pre.
value' on the recognition of the Abu- : 'ddress then enumerated the horrible practical ev it. which rattii
the Treaty ; on the contrary, it goes brays attend dent to mist tog pseepcsren of Papers on this sub.-
the existence of -this odious traffic-the more'
ct, yetsil bed Ass, hesitation in saying, that this
towards the ulterior object, yet I cats. a . .._ _. . - . .
thinking, that if France is pertina- al • y spreading through the hitherto enctibivatei rervosip i ti.tiestion ipt...ivegojertisseti v,ithout success at Cho.
dt P • Sot 3 t ' -th t
Ica; and it cuir.udsd by hoping, that means yet coulci be ti on.ati it yaw . n eriee, indeed, was e y-
we cannot look to very great modera.
dz. wed by his nasal flightless, in conjunction with the Allied re ny of tlio late wring/et, ,and so overwhelming ~
e• years hence, when her circumstances
• • levet! that in Otuy: puts or
• h ignorance in .which they were kept, that he firmly sl
0. eotrereigns, at the approaching Congress, which would, nt leas!,
Illy place her in a more commanding that kiogdom, is was
therefore repent, without meaning lirqit for as shone time as possible, the borrors which Slavery
to he was calculated to. indict upon a great and uuntfending pirlehin t• even
~. r sit e. en knownses elect that the Slate Tiede had
as, that we should get security at this of the llama, few,
tt abolished. • The French negotiators, there-
tot so much against France, as against • • .1,0
mot n was seconded by Mr. Browns ' .t g had on the late occasion, been forced to defer
an weakndm of human nature, and cams I .. - .. sl 1•!• . • $ $
formal stipulation, acknowledged as the ! to .
rsi CAitLEIVCACIII began by esrwessiog,his,:to; le sense of the nation, which would have thought
✓ of Europe, the, entire irremediablecordial concurrence .in the
, .
hesitation
of the Slave Trade, after the specified Friend had. so muck atheart. lle hind uo ,i, • ' ce. , To: Ministers on behalf of Engleedhaden-
rens)... the doutiments ..}lfavoured to obtaiss•atipulatiees for a shorter pp.
end cries of Hear !]-From that moment inhgrOttittg, and , deeply Fez :. t,
bl -14"ensi hadalluded • but
M ed, respecting. this .sv i . his Illoneure e bairn , the
ce of mankind proclaim it unlawful and which the government of -F,rance,• in. their
.view off -rd :Is en, d Lin •favots r of- that-. part of . Africa to
When I make this declaration; I beg-to .their own affairs, hallseetert it .
e hope that more may be done; if the question,-. . ,
rind Which hasi Worn, a...tempi:racy, sibs. f 411,9eyerotnatit had begged to -be left the mas.
edy entered into With Sweden .Gas-for at le in tis way, Ilitrestetteryk:itrissever, that gigs; to .41 the question, and not to be. forced to act at
doll' be transferred in the 'tomtit! pf Ili- • q T7' . ,
..
,
• or ai *eight place...the mhole , arfengemeatlpt • takes eitesssto,, esa, ell •their influence. to destroy ,the
481a.00.11 Propicht*wpiro separately, iin,A,itlie dictattißo, of foreign Powers. cites- would then
s Ant hope'far its redemption, atiiii tbdugh •
don
._, :i. . --
14eriened ie. the
„wean, as lowa,
.the,
.. _ oon invidious_ pw. l4 of oew„ .It she tractesw)sereee otherwise they coUlf -stS-htealiing with-
,., .
.
1,501,. ,
..
~ : been rbrosight, altogether' before the , out Altsgteitiing.:ine viatien• - They, atfligtit:-. ins' tints,
.
floats:]-411 all events, let lbw fatal v.ps. , .
k. ed, , Qts,s'eu.ld, OAT° satisfied them galofficiars4ollCatsgel that all:. laualtd:',
ow r good by adopted. Ile that** lattliwo. . .
as f h agancrie L raft..,,sucf. 111 inept e .-- • - •
uma,q,.eqgrance be:ideftnitie I e 1.4.11.1,1 i. , 1 ttlitrqatit,
poteritiiitlee at the .Generel.. Itlilt.7:',..itrit
1, I hobe&-slid;-oli- thittlhOsel 1 e
.is n for the iiiiiiitt a.,,,,, .partictuar question. . r rieod was at one time disposed to ego tiO 'taiga
.. i .
. - . ,
, . .
. ,
•' • .
• . .

let secure toe tooeiii..iioo -
. tst:::dscihattentionn
attohui
,r,munioaml tent
,l) Ilead-•
nitatio„ must be gratrited ' er4 e"gret' i that
it to the abolitionl of rape
- ..
Ile policy o. _ rape aqui, stlOtit, Ifni
gement shall be final an • • • to the great
unarming to the common interests of the world, and soliver,ive .1.,,....,,.1
an to be understoo:l as ! every principle of humanity, honour, and rellgion. The ''''''"'"'
recognition of the Abn' : ddress then enumerated the horrible pr.ietic4l elf iI. w Melo mthit Government 0
us the contrary, it goes brays attend the existence nf .this odious traffic—the more de°t to jfel.ilit! I
alterinr object, yet I can- . a • • ••
ct, yet,,hei il
t if France is pertina- 3 y spreading through the hitherto enciil:ivate re,vop.s.,o . question ipqi. 1
Ica; and it con: ,tided by lot ping, that cool:)mean:iyihettbeA Ii
Allied
rtai oniyi.aot
fi cltitilte I.
13
Dk to very great modem.
when her circumstances d bed by his allyil flightless, in conjunction
ereigns, at the approaching Congress, which would• at leas!, h iflaorance i
• ie'red that ii
in a more commanding at. 84,
lirqit for as short a. time as possible, tbe horrors which Slivery
t without meaning to be
I was eskulated to. indict upon a great and nuofending • ' '
iould get security at this of the beim' , mee• ..
. . ~. i 8 P‘i t even knoi
igainst France, as against
, had, on
e motion was seconded by Mr. Brown;' •' ."'/ t
human nature, and cont. I , . •', p!' '.
•ts rVis
lion, acknowledged as the ! Lord CAiTLEltoesur II began by etpressimrktia ,:to.; le sense of
the. entire irremediable cordial concurrence Ain the object which . his. !Low IS.CRditiattal,r
Trade, after the specified Friend had so mtichathoert. He had uo hesitationi.glirce. ;the N
ear .1--From that moment inPgratting, and i , deeply recretting,.,the,seutimeetts,..q r,‘ „ anttyoured _ to.
proclaim it unlawful and which the sovernMent of -France, in: their view of • dis
this declsiettion; I begirt . their own affairs, had, entertained, respecting till. .w ich his lila
lid_a
ore. may be done; if the-question, rind Which hastt4etico?s
~ et...teaspgrark nbr, F .ch,.9eyer
:o with Sweden for Goo. at le in i,ts ofr...
..Tay, iliwestey,.li,nwever, that Olas, te ,nf the .ga
rrell in the 'tonne pf oil. : q (ion bee kin,eghttpc7prd separately, lip.A „Pe dictptfißp, , •
is redemption, eliiii Waugh aerg24
~ might place...the *ale , arfengemeatipf, (4ke,..cesek-o,
1 one, case as :welt, es the . '1„ in an ipiidiOup pttii4 of iiew.. It the trio+, teltProll
I events, let OM. [deli .pea . . trqi , been ,bffkpigitt. altogecher- before the , out #itguatipg
:o be. deftnitir 71,14.4.0./.1,1i. Ihe tiaktied,
~ Qe,,ii`onid. tu... we seq.'. itti them lia!eofficiPinell
the .enerel,. f;,77:.,11?° as
tal.l! ~ , 411,*1417•44--a.O. i,isuCf. the POP° r wir should
k
oh thittlhOsei Beta WC , for thr Illeield a tide •pertictiar question.lFiend was at
. . i

/-

:~


agn

meg&

4eight to, the Eh-Operation of. France.
recollected that even with.the powerful
that great nation, much difficulty wool
respect to Spain and Portugal. Russia,
Austria, were all disptssed to abolish
Spain and Portugal gave no hopes that
Inclined..Themother-country, indeed,
tances so dependent on its colonies t,
master of thesubject. The Ministers had
occasion done their best, and if,the questi,
valence have been further pushed,
would so have pushed it. He regret
the French natiou had not been prepai
enlightened views, and thought that ,
of the British Parliament to take every
of sounding its opinions on this subject
or all nations. For this reason he shou
the Vdress which went to record the
Oettliments of this country as to this
Ai the same time, lie protested against
that morals should be propagated by
iris by the light of reason, and not b>
Of war, •that the doctrines of enlighi
Must be enforced; and people induced
them.--[Chrers.] •
Mr. PONSONBY said, that as
she to`lncistion of Mr. Fox,
been whet ditlicult for that statesma
sistecl on the point of the Slave° Trodl
country had not at that time abolished
could he insist that France should do -
had not then done? The Noble Lord k
the five years would be spent in Frew
yours to abolish the Slave Trade. N,
not abstain —during that 'period.; she
exert all her swans to sweep away for
. the greatest 'possible porlitio of the
Africa._ Thus the trade would be rats
Oen abolished. The Noble fiord had
better terms could be obtained ; bet
lthe judgment and on the word
Lord. lie (Mr. Ponsoliby) could

same inference from circumstances :
fl ak that France, situated as she wa,
her colonies *n our hands, would not '
ling to receive, them under different st
had been said (het Sweden had been
(a the 011144, ; yet Sweden had given up
istand 6f Guadeloupe, to be peopled ,
swarms of. stares. But it was only for
was sa4).. Ofdlt for tire
.) ears ! What
be dni►e in Stitt:period ! Two hundred
.110 be tobfii to do away the evil of these
. bloodshed end desoliktiou.
,Lord EBRINGTON said a few err
to• a tannin be heard in the gallery.
NIACKENZIE thought the

troaty was verb trtifavoutifble to this
r..a de us participators in AO ilwisorrots
Tradel..stid be 'thought ifie•Fretieh
aveigetojjising it up tit the end of
ibets, at: present. He was ort,tri,
better hoe continued the war than
such t stipulation. lie hoped, •however
would not be allo*ed to have more thi,
of ileStts vit. the five 'ears; hut would
at'tlie end of that time to give it up.
Mr. BARHAM said, that what

plaioed of was. that we were made part'
We had sold the 4racle to France. NV-
of blood in our pockets. We had gi
the istanJr in which the ntrocious teal
ievived, and had afforded every -licit
viral. We had sherpened the knife
plunged in the bosom of the victim, a
tro-fair claim. to say we were stilt pal
drilled by movin4t as an amendment
that it should be added, " That an Add;
seatettin the Prince Regent entreeti
mend from France an immediate rentu
Slave Trade, on condition of such fi
sloes fin our part, as might he consit
honour and safety of the United Em
'f such renunciation could not be obf
endeavniir to get a diminution of the ti
r. PHILLIPS spoke at cousidei
against the article in the Treaty ; and
Address did no go far enough.
Lord LASOELLES thought, that w'
were so full of humanity for the Africai
fer continuing the war to signing such
ought to have some compassion epon
had lost so many thousands during the
favour of the mntion of his Hon. Friel
Mr. W. SMITH thought we had a
possession of the island-s, to stipulate t!
be kept on the same footing as our ow
preferred the amendment to the moti
Mr. mmuivArr preferred the •
Amendment. Thew was one point, .
had not been tellelket upon by any It
Fronds settkVestoot of Cayenne w
Conk' with este carry on an
`4ll eettlements of Scrim
gssineiboy which would render the .
cave Trade by the Dutch Governi
Cayenne was a place; as to trade
no coneequence to France;
'eh Government might easily
the Slave Trade immediately
altiett.w.voiviloo very destrabl
HITBREAD begged leave
He did not see that there was .
ktetioneble either in the Address or in the
could not allow some of the N,
to pacts without seine observe'
lid the attions of the Noble
The Noble Lord talked-of
.rgest seal!. Where was this ki
be found in the article of the Treat
.he continuance of the traffic
Noble Lord suppose that it
Of reesonl in the eye of justice,
.Imighty whom they were nbou'
.oration of peace, to Say that ,
. at the expellee of the blood of
humanity on the large scaler
on Africa ? Was that Government
humaue, which had purchased
But the Noble Lord talked
.• at the time that the negociat
and bad insisted very strongly
of the interference with the in.,
France. There must have been
;on iit the mind of the Noble
, •

111
. r
•
4
4. •

11? omen
Mr. M,
Atnendme;
had net iss
The Frets(
that they
With the 1
and finite
of the Slai
avail. Ca
sweep, of I
the Frenc
give up tl
llmillaiPfftv 4
Mr. W
words.
jvctionabl
but he eel
pt essi one
trortls anc
Valin 11CO•
the larger
to be foot
mitted the
Did the 14
the eye of
of the Ali
Cie-restor
rebtored ;
;Ili; hunts
scourge I
' called hui
pries? I
Fra" nee a
on ; and
p; inty of
snot or 1
confosio;
•
.s.

44'.-
. '117'.••••• I, a
, • • of • • • , •
A .
- / THE S'I'A'I7.4SSIAN • ' .
, .
tiZr aarefreisPisPrreuhptenudir.l:l4sargitlid each
fhorPacesnyarlePt*still:
It should be him to talk of Interference in such aces*, when all that PRICK 05' STOCKS TlllB DAT ,AT °NB O'CLOCK dptiffierinulg
lm. Also. lam
•ful example of had been done was recollected. He was sorry to see the Bann 556
umt.256 • Red. 6ii hat loads bti p .
ild remain with declension that had taken place in the opinions of the. s perCent.Cons. Itaiheimee Bills! d 3 p kept up on the frontiers of 'France, tce ad Offi
Ommiam 4H rts it
:la, Prussia, and House with respect to the Slave Trade, siacethe 3d of I tow' Cons. 5 tier CARL Navi 84“ comae for Acc..iiii . parting from their corps, do not hesitate to lost •
the traffic, but May, when the Address had been voted. The House .. .
to theft troops, that their 'maces nifty agate be,
it they were so hail then declined its opinion that the attitude of the ~
was inhoth in- Allies in France was then such, and that such was, , amen ;
. I'HE ' STATESM4II. wanted.-The [fait Saxa•Cu '
• -
. -4,1 ,:ntin•i-_ a
that it was not the debt of gratitude due by the Government restor- ,_____. _ ...._______H
a.. , ~.. .
'don the present ed, that the abolition of this disgusting trade should , , , . . Jeg
,parkiske s_._ . --", .
• 1
uestion could in I have been at all events obtained. -It was represent- : . • t
' LONDON: . • ..
' .'
• ' we have taken the 111ffiew
" The great events of, tip: Ur have shown Wei
,he (Lord C.)! ed that there were some who would have this; . , - . TUESDAY, JUNE 9.8, 1814. .r. .- , , . .
necessary it is for the diseitleoiti to be milted a ). *PI
tted deeply that I trade abolished at the point of the bayonet.— .- • • ..-....0.- . .
themselves. It is now oar helliepes to preserve waif i seo,
leeme,.
we have gained; therefore **feat abandon yaw'
'tired for more For his own part, he,was not one who would be for _ The facts disclosed in the discussion which took
it was the duty commencing a new war for this purpose ; but he did police. last night in the Houses of Lords and Com-
arms, comrades; the . _ Ars
be reedy to Useable at cry opportunity think that no treaty should have been made with the
.merne, on the subject of the Slave Trade, areby ne
signal ander the standards of honour mid of the 1
ct in the ears ! !louse of Bourbon in which it was not expressly sti. .
ihould vote for' pulated that the Slave Trade should be entirely manna of d kind to console the friends of humanity.
he well-known ; abolished in all the colonies that were restored to - a never fsPer y case W**ted that anwould be made out crwlitrYt.and renew ever see the oath. to pew
1 odious traffic..; France. The Noble Lord, however, held out great in i serve the honour of Gomm/ Pato oad-spoolis„
that codicil justify our actinieseeuce a five yarns'
„„ bond
which • _sus
us _ _ .; . •
The noires be Rib Orem, einsradet tem
ast the maxim, I hopeathat something effectual might be done at the continnsoice of this. abominable
.trade .by France;
TI
the sword. It I Congress at Vienna; and • aisureet;the House, that Lord CASTLE- close, but it it not untied. I istmiltikillsbOimat ,
. tie gin
-., .
by the violence, there was the greaieet disposition on *the part of the bet we indulged a hope that my
axial° Would at least have allows] some sort of ne- be your Chief. Be Plititiollid s'
illtti. tilhalt,alaralii tik
ightened virtue, Allied Menarche. What woe now to be expeeted
tensity' the name of. an Englishman,, take the most lively interest.peeii akliiiimtoma .) , awrol
_
:ed to embrace ; from the Congress at irienue,. when all the colonies ~. . ,
~. - . -le •,„,„
contained i rely with confidence on • yaw timiaAtisl*-1006 of ay,. a--
having to assemble you 'Otto ti` Baird -wlkblashb
• • I Were already given an -to France? If- the 'Allied byt afaajUg ma signatnes,ftig, Treaty that - • - -.„ . •
to the allusion ' Sovereigns had been 'sincere, why them had-they not I tech an, article.-a-Theraptli, nts. insisted on by '
it would have' done that before whikh it was said was to be expected i Lords CAsTEEREAcu inaaftelltrase, and LIVERPOOL aositstrs."- . •
defence of the .
nati to have in-': from them now ? 'Whet assurance could the Noble etkietiosF4r ~ , , Wi
The Pruselane Ire tteadelbpy all the be . ler
_i.
lin the other 'were the example 'of Mr. Foi, who had, '
sde, when this I Lord give to the geese of .what was to be done, now . !tween the Moselle so k' etwfifitoill of naiii.t , wt.
i4ed it. How! that he hadgiven 'up the whole game from his owe '. .• ' • • 'until the future aliotasam al 'that terrisery is wine& ;',li
n his communication with NAPOLEON on this sub.•
o what England' hands? The Noble Lord too had used very strange. 4.--i"ts in 1806, not succeeded in prevailing on the theti.
by the Congres! at ins.,, ...... ...eraliegijett a, .
end Vit. ?am alki •
i had said, that I language with respect to the change that might he ex- •,ilittier of France .to abo • lish the Trade-that had the
division of the aut y,, . sday'l'a!"terishetettat
"ince in endea- ' peeled to takeplacein the minds of the penpleof France. [ Abolition been laid *down as a sine qua non in the 'the Allied Peas" *0900.011-1164.."04 kg** heal ' 141",
SIO : she would 'The ignorance too, in which that people had hen I (lite Negociation, it would have dissolved the union horit sciiii .• ' •- ' - , sat
Tii
a would rather kept by Bonaparte, was much talked of, and it was Austala end Prue.aiter...-', •:a • . . • -ii
-'illekt had saved the norld-and that it would rot hive
'•••• ' - l'isapeli IPdialie-'..67. ~. bs
Or her colonies adduced, as an instance, that the French people in .. . . . . .
t i
,been' tonna policy to teach France hemenity at the , .
1 population of general' did not know that the Slave Trade had been , .. ,
tither established abolished by Great Britain. The Noble Lord might point, of
.contain the
the bayonet. These .points . . ~_ • I
DErbtritidB:-0101118 katPEttott OF InifilA, -
ad said, that no 'as well havetalketrof the people in the wilds of Ras- essence of what is called the ministerial justification -1t : • KING OF' SI.O3StA, &e. . 11
t -this rested na ' she not having' beard of this; • What had the majo- ; of, this shocking article. Really, itsequires ne small - DOVR/4 Just 4/7.--feet-slight, shoot six e'eliWie ,
of • the Noble 'city of the population of France to do with, the portion Of gravity,- to treat-this species of 'defence the-guar of the Castle arid Heights announced the 1114 . 1"2,
l not draw the Slave 'trade, which iicited'ne interest bat in some of , with any thing like seriousness. They find that Mr. turn of the Ring of PM/nth and his toe seeks at this' . `47,'
he could not ; thetrading towns? But did the Noble Lord antici- !iv . . „,_ .• • . . ,O„„ port ; they wool O'Neil's lintel. At aboot eleven ' at
ox could- not induce
,uoirAPARTE,.III LOVO, to agree
was, and seeing pate any new coanitel of information to the people of . ' o'clock bir Impetiel Mkjeloy, eciaseasaabad ,iy..* am
t hate been wit- France ? Was it not known that the press in that ; tei! total A • • •
bolition of the Trade; and, therefore, sister, Lard Yaitiouve, bie. teethed DOvel.itleidst ' X
ilipfiletions. It i country would be kept as much under the contronl 1 why blame them, if they were equally unsuccessful the thundering of nation mid dims oribelkopte.-.. .
of greet benefit ! of the Government as it bad been in the most despo- ! with Louts XVIII. in 1814 ? No notice is taken of the I This morning the King of Pausal A, after taking a
hp to France the - tic times ? Indeed, for his own Parts he had no' difference in -the relative situations of England and farew4of the. Emperor, at eleven o'clock, emote.
d hereafter with ' hopes that the Slave Tiede would be abolished in partied by • tit two eons, embarked on beard Ms r
' F - tth t 'od France was then in the high
Or five years, it France at the end of five years. Hai would ask the mat** e w°Per' "' . -e;
t *mischief might ' N ble Lord, supposing that the stipulation of the plenitude of her power--England struggling for her I shore; and fro. the ships W- the Roads.--r'--The ''
red years might : Treaty respecting the Slave Trade was rot fulfilled existence as an independent state-France at the jaws frigate, ' the Hon.
captain_ KING, bearing '
. • 1
,
less five Years of by France at the end of the five years, was a war to time of the late Treaty was conquered. and possess!, the Sag of the' Doke of Ct.aactice,`at this time ti
:.be rekindled for obtaining that which, in, hia 'camel. by powerful invading armies, and Engibiat le • all& I brought op sod took part in the salute. The rim
• ' ik
Pords) but in too ence, he believed might have been obtilited at the mice with all the Powers of Europe. Iti:liiii fernier': has not ceased all day l_ but as the. troolia are draws , ii
time the Treaty was framed ? Did the . Noble Lold . ..i__
,si an I. dews to the ligth•er's mouth, it is,expected the . r
led England herself bad. t shone*,
. no , ;Re
article in. the mean to have them believe that Austria,' Rusiia, and period! ' ; Fahperit will, efalstek.:Lisis ismittsg..*". do xoei to ' . 1
• country, as it , Prussia, would all have armed to prevent that gaol
~ Trade,,
and could not, therefsre, add
.titity_eigkt of i chttood.. tottio.amodosooh 5.a.,••-s;.;;;--. -,h.--sto -
1 ..wrriour , 4,..,,,,mt at Pe, pest?
ors of the Slave 'won which it was now said they were att ' - eto recommend her invitation. 'EMU* now Bakiwo„.. - • -1
' ' • ' a
1
woad be more loos to pracure?-near' hear!)-The 'Hop. ~ „put tin ead ao the Slave Trade, sad On that' account, HaLe4airrikidPlataker;a4be Emperor has tide ,-.;4^
five years than ' then went on to reprobate what had been' no could :tridalthe best grace urge the principled of, instant eitiataltedt iid the yacht has cleared *,
..Loy -
pinion, we had . by the Spanish and Portuguese Governments *hit re.
susiutsitisissfuess
auk , 0 . , , . ~, , reaerieris •-• : . -,:- . : ....
. n manity..
~ in. intuit rox ;
have agreed to spect to the Slave Tiede. histead of abolishiog it 4.Mr ;V 1... • ' ~... 64,\ . - , , • i
. 1
• co miry'
!vet., the French at once, they had allowed it to be carried on for an •• .....,,.. , "PP ..,- s
li,thite -but Cairmattaani could i .
' We °Method that the Grand 'Jubilee now rd..,
tan their pound indefinite period, contenting themselves with tome *ied..pygh to have , . nded. .As to 4', dissolv- .
paring in the Parks is to take place most apnropri., 1
Id be compelled ' futile enactments to mitigate the dreadful cruelties log the Anion theta the world," That rests'' i
I, ate y upon the Ruottn's birth-day. It is al. Kepi' , 1
inseparable from the trade in any shape, He justified entire! :MI .the a of Lord Cartteiteatar4l Highness's intention that eves), possible "variety- aft ,
he chiefly coin- , Mr. Fox for not insisting on tble,abolition during his ead,--te. - I. _ 1
..
'eted by 'elektiotaledgeit, amusement shall be produced that may tie agraeahle
Arden in gent. upgociations with Bonaparte, in 1806, on the plea . ,•aa..'-e_ alait •• . '-- ' f t •' Ito every class of society. The' distributinik, it Is
Ve had the nett: :a/- w to . the ." peretto . usasari
Price : that the opportunities alfeedad ;to hill lalSWaiele_..,‘ -•41*„... -1.! • --.. • '-'a. -• aa4 4 ' 1 *63 is to be as follows :-A grand fivii i 4 to he hold
Oven 1111 to her 1 wereiofinitely toss thati-titisiliThi IheiovarVrtlif •, ,--,..q.7.7 4 •
a,a, a . Xing • ertsmal. together . / ,
• • ' •;
in Hyde Park, which, with the Green Park, is to
'affic was to be 1 Noble Lord, with resped to the relative siloatioel of. in 'the:Witco of 0/lANGI2, hoe deriared.themselres !
be thrown open to the people, and. will, io -fscio . . ....
ility for its re- the two countries. It was to be reittembeied too, Against this inhuman issilica. and • unless can be ;
i conveniently accommodate the Whole pepiiTata'a
that was to be ' that it was before the Abolition of the Slave trade' slhown, that to fulfil their ilea !whhes 411 'to' 000010 I of.' the metropolis and its environs.. To this leir, ..
and could have 'by Great Britain that these negociationi took place. theft resentment, the World, Mid, indeed' Ittily de- ' all the best shires and
_booths in the dowses, ma , , t.,
rties• He con- He maintained, however, that ao mats" was.erir more ,
d idle to be drawn 's ' that •Ylie' abolition: instead of
n. , n., i , . . .
to the Address, . sincere on any subjeet; titaii .3114.: Via wail la hie lnd roettect symmetry possible. Licence** tie* '
ildress be re- efforts to procure the' AbOlithieror the Slave tieffoi4 df!tte!talVs.. would have. . drawn the ,bend of union •.• • . - , •
ranted to respectable victuallers, ,j 4,,, , .I" ..
ing him to de- and he was sure that lie (Mr. Fox) wo ideitotalt erl4.ollttr• •: 4 Teaching . hemanity at- the point .
j liehment of temporary buildings fee dot - , ~i s "
uuciation of the . have parted-with his hand than signed a reitemaia'prindbayonet," is an erpression intended to °•Fatt-'rtnent of the people. A Naunierhie, or ~"--.10141-',,, . .
further conces- tabling such an article as that in oar p nt Tfahtt' *be determination of Louis XVIII. to l*seit Ilia : fight, upOn a grand scale, will be exhibitetV,
.... ..5
istent with the ' with France which regarded this trade. He ileitld •
traVrather than relinquish the Slave Tradi: . What! ' tenni aid *IMO will be provided. A bialloini:;;;
'Wire; and that ; not disturb the unanimity of. the Reuse by .raiing-. rather • - .
hi t the iscend, and the evening will close with fisaiiiNa..44-•
had Ots. bug. land and her ,Alliesrestored in
.e
itained, then to I against the motion, but he could net anticipate arch-'r on fher terrace of X.ensington Gardens, pod at K- I
time. • 1
• good from the note. He concluded by imploring:the .
thi:one of his ancestoraafter they land generously ~. . ..., ... •
in- the taremi relit, displayed from a magoifieenillai,l
derable length ! Noble Lord to endeavour to retrieve what had '` extended the limits of his kingdom, and gratuitously Ii '. sited temple, which will undergo vatio.
i Ull4llll
.: .tr
y.t aid thought the : done; and intrtating the House not to relax a, restored. him his colonies-after they had raised him ! morphoses. At the same time, St. Jellies'a is, , ..-.. -
forts, that it might be seen that they considered he 6em a life of seclusion to the highest 'rank of Ewe. with a regatta on the Canal for the di:tyork . ".o_, , '
while gentlemen' Slave Trade to be what Mr. Pitt had described it, and • peomenede, with an encanipmeat, Tont he I. ... : . .
pain Monarchs-after all this, that beellaseld iii.
;ins, as to pre. “. the greatest practical evil that could happen to 4 , to all persons who, in order to !mate Oreid,
~
an article, they : Stale." ,sr: ~ t-solee to renew a war with his best benefactors,. be- h
• • - c aith to pure purchase tickets of ogiasion. • h ad •.' I •- fersida- • .•-
t Europe, which ! Mr. BATHURST answered the several obitiart`
7.,.s'adiusii they deny him the right of committing ilea refreshments sin be provider!, and the • resift ••
wer. He was in ' lions against the treaty at great length. murder - and massacre for fire years on the heiP- 'conciliar with a Vauxhall' and • firework dirtily/ed.-,
mil. • I
• Mr. WYNNE said, he shotild vote for thetaotiotia -.Jess unoffending Africans !---,Vest. were .his most from a Chinese bridge and pagoda on ilteamel.--Th9..
1 -
I right, being in toeless his Han. Friend put his Amendment. .•
,-.. 'Christian Majesty even so incikied, toild hi,' with amusemeuts lit each Park will be of eited-lariety
that they should Mr, CANNING said Ike should deliver hit seen- -
e„, h of • ' . .' ' ••• ' d and extent only differiug somewhatleAbeiramer.- •
scarceie _yet seated on
ow n islands.- I meats when the Treaty tame to be discussed. 'no ---, hoe success, while . .
..
_,,....... . ~,Atensin_isiesst. 1. .;.ed .
notion. • sh. ld..vete for the motion; and hoped, for the•sate • his new Throne, and amongst er.-peapitieetfante
~.. , 1 S.
t
' . • .
•
Motion to the! o its being unanimous, _ his Hon. Friend woulf ail* :being united, have ventured to talk Of iiikeldebill iies4 - ~ • • sityvAratcomyth.spazingkes.
however, which withdrawt,
the Amendment. • Iti is impossible ! and the assertion is at mite a libel !'' • 'C4I.--.•......b....: . . '. :',--
',,. •
lon. Member.- i
. Mr. WILBERFORCE said, he should be glad if: -Louis XVIII., and a gross insult 'to the Eng- •• ' art .1i10,1 !killer ' ,
was se situatea No facts have been ti piillie ili#o.l last -wig* ~,
' t Amendment had originally. made part of his Mo. , .- : Nation. Well _might 'Mr. BARHAM say 66 . that .
i extensive trade 1
Iti and lie would he glad to incorporate it with . .
with ' Ito yes, in the smallest degree steoreld'peue atteistion.
.I. articlearis lake making a compact a inur. I 1
AI -that could interest as igeglishinan here foe three
VIM, DPlTlPriliTill, .
:hi ,and
now, but that it would destroy.•tate I
he abandonment r, that he should murder for such a time and so Or four dive past, you are now pommeled of in Lose.
.is nimity which was so much to be wished tor. - j._
Ivernment of no en-
tradel linger. It was a mere quibble In us to say, diet wet dow. The reflecting pact of the Parities trodden
r. BARHAM said, though he time ht It to Ain': cal
and corn-' dik not carry on the Slave Trsde • motives ;.sdir *aged at resent with three greet seltjeete. lat. The
..
I-that t • d ' I t for the sake °run
our
. iv SIOO. sing e, y
; end be thought 1
• °A
d . "I'th; troth -w•as we had tong 'ft to F ' : .f dibi,,tel is 4"0,14 4.10„ tAs ./4"satit 4boilorTripsto, wott•
he would withdraw his
.men Amendment. .
' -• ••• , , • . Swo, IT brotiiht befogs the Coogan* vat . lenna.
ybe induced to i a "Y
.. • --af-wb_..4.
y from that set- The anniodinetiLtrit..abew„„wathdraen,--and-,the p. • ' 'hew - the price 01 bloc se "lir. Purl • Th' lona afraid- will be found a rows serious and . is, s
able. m , ion for 'llie Address was: agreed to nem. ton.. y- Lord CAST.LEREAOIi seems to claim VIA it thorny gavottes than' the beeskeeleot friends of Afri- .
..
re to say a few djourned at one o'clock. ' from the share he had in negotiating - the late . can_freedosn on your side theiiitter aro at all pre.
is ariy thing oh- - ._ , • lir.; We, on the contrary, tbkOlt-le has very I tiered to expect. . ad. The priuciptits of -a• -Como , •
.. ,
the Amendment; r Lord COMMUNE, whir, we undoiltind, has receive' to the new I mercial Treetrwith-Great Britain, *kith tki leeetirid?;
ion of territory on the Coati t, mutt is a mat-. 1 .
fOscause for. boasting. With; T.,
noble Lord's et- .ry personal accommodation that -.Mr.44iNcs, the*. '.4* • , ' ~. , tLa' i 'V ‘ ' i *ie* with extreordinery.alarm,--Otni nadir imprmai -
,-.;
wervatioo. The • rebel of the King's Bench Pekoe "coold, afford, as ' .k moos 44 jealousY and alienation which, tiaras y-06' 1
were a little at • .‘•, has apartments in the Stete.Roinos. idiom et
ii,,,,,. the Allies are willing and able to settle Imo% i conutaace, (aalongst ethers, that very. Aftlesi tows.
of humanity Oa
..., .. .. t he has not been Attended, by isaminof bis.fe- ~.,
.• Ives ; and as to the restoration of the French (ion) have recently conspired to aggravate. 3d. Tee
;ind of humanity '''', ..Mr. Burt COCURA NE is frequent int& visitato E"
flies, any other man-couldba,vet done that just as' dangers arising, from the situation and the meguitatie
ready-which per- his Lordship. Lord Ctictiaatiaaeinna in eimaitipliite, „ _ -act& Lordship. /weed -k 4oes nut appear -of the military force of France-disappointed-oot
of human flesh? and eats his meals heartily. Mr. Burr is, frequently . • . . '..1. ~, ii L' of humour-and inemplutd. This.ii a subject eon.
mar except the Aboliteasi- Of ati• *pow Ira el he
was humane i . with him, toot Ate. De 4ERSNGER he did. not` . - . - • •1 nected with others of prodigious importance. •It
merwith an diffitult•• ' vedU'' the tk•hole i
ce, or in the ey to know. A deputation of the Comollitectitt* ---. „ , r.. ~ 7 tartar1, al I e:'' ~ 7 i pro-. 1 may perhaps !Lampe you and not be wholly useless :
!tout to thank for '. oak &chute, strange to alb bate waited' upon greet of the negoilatieb; andoiefectenetely for the Ito that general cause, of, which the happiness of this •
t peace had been tins with an offer to procure i_oliktition ra mitigation . our of" England,' and the hanpiiimenoralte human .fine. country now constitutes so' large a member, to
of Africa Was .of his sentence, with many' i'red signatures at • . he bee ir; that, must, conioadi-
yatedifilfnenta-bly turn. our thoughts from time to time to the ques-
to let loose the listed, but this his Lordship fits declined in positive mole • ;at esti- ,:, -,,tions. hinted at- -above, and to ' o atcb the progress
kas - , .. .7 i
overnment to be terms, allegiog hit total inilocisniN on Which he pro: , •,.1 ' , . . ....7-
. -.i . .. r•!,. !,,Itulla i . Alley make la the public mind of .France. It is pH,- -
d 4.1 141.0.70:- .',.. ,
peace at such a .feces to stand or fan. 'lt la fetid that- a re., ,r wiltosit
ery WI zT klas4o,,TerltriecieLvAl hat sable the heat of English politiciews, •niore duo of
of the attitude , lative of his Lordship Is gievelitt/itti Pantie! in Oat-
.40;4 ger 41044 jialeried .
- erlibnpetolatieniaare. ,any others in Europe,' to make England- helsolf the - •
along were gas suit of Mr. COOIIRANE jOHNSTOIIII4°, illt &PORNO 'hilt ' , '," ~,the.,terti ..ei • • - ch-. . • ' -only Point- of observation -from which they tweeted.
yon the impro immediate return to England with Itat;',la instilled- * ° • amangsmtnts whi •ate_ to be
- •
internal Gore tiou of Lord C.'s innocence, or teanillea for b i ie.f I,‘
• .. ~. tit"theCottgrintldif -Vkaitia. Er 114 re to plate the Withal concerns of mankind.
. - -7: , • iiitilrolige ' 'AM ••'
444 ' wars ~..- f"-
seen some stran • - fusel so to do, by an immediate , ~ ~ 'WWI , dip. 11 lint . VPo - .—..
k $ 7 •-•• AO &'• .1 ti: ' A iv./ • " '''''' t ' ImPFDON! Printer soil Pdhlished hy D. Leatta, st tits
fiiii
le Lord to all . with him on the apottr-Olonsfag ' A• ' - , naill Gimbal o>(` a. sppil grail . atermatot 'orrisa, bi's Voctroreet.
i;
••• - • t ‘l4: 0,.:. di I,i) ra a.. d..n, -... - a-. . -- - •
, .
•.„ . , -
• ... ~....-
.. 1 , -
. .
, . . • . .
. , .
.1 e. ilk' - • .
"l ~... ~_ ._ ~... . . • .
_. _
1, _
