family compao, so he hoped that she would now act
upon the same principle. For himself he would always
cherish such sentiments as those which now inspired the
present company:— (Cheers.>
The Marquis of LAICIDowN next came forward to ad-
dress the company. He wished to detain them for a few
teem:lents, whilst be proposed a tnaat, which he was sure
they wonhl receive with one feeling of %probation. He
wished briefly to explain his motives in the first instance.
Though no man had a higher respect than himself for the
illustrious Spanish natiodl yet it was not front that re
spect alone, but from the 'ysideration of the great cause
in which they were engaged, that he end the compaity
ought to proclaim to the world the feelings which they
entertained towards them. For the independence of
nations was that principle out of which had grown all
that cOnlil develop% and exalt the human character, and
io the violation of which were to be found those black
spots in history, which defiled and debased it. It was
oat of the violation of that principle that the method-
ized system, not of international law, but of internation
a) tyranny, had arisen. And if such a system should
. be permitted either by the will of Providence or the
supineness of free nations, the consequence most be
utter darkness and abject slavery.—(Cheers) But far
was he from believing that inch a system could be long
stifferedto existosithont meeting the must determined op-
position. He wished to offer one word upon the right
• %attic!, a free nation had to choose their own mode of Go.
*Penmen'. They were not assembled there to pronounce
e't'her upon the merits or defects of the Spanish Condi-
' Witte. But whatever it might be, it belonged to the
...nniards alone to alter or modify them.—(Load cheers.)
Ho could readily conceive when he looked at the cir-
eillosentes of peril and danger out of which the Spanish
Compitntion arose, why it was endsared to the Spaniards..
- It hod been pirehased by their blood, and by triumphs
MASA would ever be mem. :able in the history of their
eonntry. But it wasmnst of all endeared to them beam
wicked attempt that was now made to subvert it.—(Hear,
)t. ar.) Proud as we felt of onr own Constitution and our
pen laws, yet perhaps, some defects might be found in
them. Bnt if the Coretitntion of England was ten times
more defective than it was, from the moment that he
beard that foreigners acre preparing to invade the
country for the purpose of changing or amending it, he
Would oppose them even with his life till their insolence
.viss defeated, and their foul pretensions withdrawn.—
(Loud cheers.) Then why not allow the same principle
to operate with other nations? Yet, looking at the feel-
ing which pervaded France, be could rerer believe that
the meditated attack upon Spain was a national qnarrel.
Ile could never have believed that the people of France
would have suffered their representatives to go to ire-
Coma, and take out a Heenan for national aggression.-
11.1 roil I newer believe that they would ever send our any
Lycargoses or Solons to thrust laws upon an unoffend-
ing people at the pdiut of the bayonet. He hoped that
the atrocious attempt would fail, and should still confide
in the success of the good cause which the Spanish peo-
ple avowed. Their's was a hard but glorious destiny.
Jri the midst of difficulties they had to stand forward and
tindicate their freedom, and they appealed to arms upon
prineiplis that all men must admire. They had already
come successful out of one eventful contest, and he hoped
they would come mgt of the next no less gloriously tee
tunphant.—(Clieers.) The Noble Marquess concluded
by proposing,
" The independence of nations, and may it ever be
the desire, at it is the deity of neighbouring States, to
respect it."—This toast was drunk with three times
t Irree,sud with a degree of enthusiasm which it is difficult
to express. •
A song composed for the occasion to the air of " Scots
tithe_ bee wi' Wallace bled," followed. The burden of the
soog was, "Death or Liberty."
The CHAIRMAN next gave " The ltealths of his Ex-
cellency the Doke de San Lorenzo, anti his Excellency
glutei) Jabot, the Spanish Ambassador."
Tlie Duke of SAN LouaNzo briefly acknowledged the
•
kegone he bad received, anti on aceount of his imperfect
nowledge of the English language, referred to the Se-
cretary of Legation for a fuller expression of his sen-
timents.
The SECRETARY of LRHATION then read from a paper
a speech in Englisken the pin of the Noble Duke. It
"stated that he felt more deeply than he could express to-
• wards the British people, for the noble sentiments which
;bey had evinced with respect to his country and him-
self, He solicited the indulgence of the company for the
&crwfeet manner in which he should deliver himself,
not only because his feelings were too strong fur expres-
• On, but because he had never b.•en accustomed to ad-
. dress a public assembly. But whatever disadvantage lie
Might labour under in this resp-ct, lie could assure
the company that the impression which ,their kindness
ha•l made upon him should never be effaced from his
h-art. Their conduct. had formed a decided contrast
to that he had expri•Meed at the other side of the
OiantW. He-seas uqwilling lo repeat the uumberlass
inealts which had been offered to him in his diploma-
tic capacity during his late residence in Paris. But he
might be allowed to dwell with more sincere pleasure
upon the very different treatment which he had
iinet••erith on reaching the British shores.—(Cheers.)
Tide treatment lie had experienced from the Enelish peo-
ple was no less creditahle•to themst•lves than honourable
to the individual who was the object of it.—(Cheers.)—
Upon his landing at Dover, his arrival was hailed with
loud acclainaloas ; and the feeling became still stronger
*Tan hisleaching the metropolis. From the Nobility he
bid experienced the most polite attention ; and here, in
the midst of this brilliant epitome of England, he could
ray, as the Minister of Spain, that the excellent English
repie were the best friends of his country. Since then
so powerful an interest ha•l been excited in favour of
Snatn, he could only assure the company how deeply lie
felt—how deeply every_ Spaniard must feel at their
kindness.—(Cheers.) He had intended to offer a few
words .W furtherance of the Spanish cause, but he Pit it
quite unnecerraty, after the aloquent appeal which had
I,EPH made to them by the Noble Marquis. The Spa-
niards in 1823 were ac:oated by the seine feelings that
' ranted their opposition to the French in MS. At that
time they refused to rake a Kiag from Napoleon Bonne-
parte, anti they would not now take a Constitution from
the legitimate successor of that illegitimate usurper.*
(Cheers.) They had hearts well tilled with courage to
I-combat their enemies—all they wanted was iron and
- cold.; iron to fight, and gold to defray the expenses of
war. The destinies of Spain and Portugal were for ever
united • the &dame was the modern Rubicon. The
Nobleptike, in conclusion, proposed—" Prosperity to
Great Britain." * .
Songl." The tight little Island."
Mr. daaswo, in ruing to return thanks for the toast
whichiead been prriposed by the Portuguese Ambassa-
dor, felt that heonglit to apologise fur the presumption
oj;billsringhinetetf to that office in the presence of so
petuter, and of so many other mem-
Iteol ttteeitp.fileas irnpossiWe Vast the feelings which
41boateterilkOnts of the city of L indon (matte pre-
. .
on conla he mistaken. Lt was one of pure and
gear fis sympatliyibr a great and gallant nation which
se 44 a AO to voippti. inun ardnowestruggle for the mai n-
tenaVite of its litierars. • The merchants of London had
inetliportmany ocraiinns for the purpose of maintaining
ciei)'7llo rflg; but iipon no occasion had it happened
iceliin his use. nory, that such a meeting as the present,
liad'heen itiore strenuously milted to lend their assist-
sfpge to that honourable •and important object. The
saimpliment which had been paid to the city of London•
twos the aseemevaluable, as it came from the Minister of a
country. With shicb England hail been fur so many
•
years rodilierrrlially and paLtieally -united—that swipe
••.• • • •
