The foil
KINe, wt
Meeting
To TUB Ktrio's More EXCEL'. INT
" Stas—We, your Majesty's falthfol %objects, profess-
ing the konten-Catholic Religion in Irrisnd, beg leave to up-
mese& vettrilbeieettr wits rettirlibtrebearinees or bur etre.'

moos ;timed°, to House sod Person.
"yeur y I I • o
" Conscious that in genet., loinitty lesd.uneireUi
fortielleetfare of the St. , e Yiffillotlig*.eTass tif 'Otte
'Majesty's flqbjecie, tee humbiys-bnl:ednildently, implore
year Majesty to diiffet your -.gracious consideration to the
Anumerous "4.4lMlSPieutudillsrdelliPeerlystilt continue to en-
• • " When yobuilejesty hOnoreffthis portions of your domi-
nions with your Royal resew*, we forbore- to obstacle an
your attention the severities of . our condition ; jades.. in
the sentiments which animated your tell& Subjects of ell de-
nominations on Met event. we silently confided our platten-
ler ieterests to your Majesty's person...l observatioe of our
conduct and situation ; we were satisfied that.your Majesty
would spontaneously perceive; from symptoms which mould
be neither feigned or misendetatotsd, that there wee not, le
the range of your dominions. a class of men more etMobed
to yonr Royal Person, or more abilons to preemie limegene-
ral prosperity of the Empire than the Roam .Ctelkiliessid
Ireland ; and we entertain a strong conviction, tb,rd.d
alike upon your Majesty's wisdom, Magneelaelty.:llll- jus-
tice, that we do not err in appealing, is suppoet otoutiono
hie solicitation, to what your Majesty Sava Wt on that
occasion.
"•At your Majesty's'sleperture, you Rejoined /oar Irish
Subjects to live in amity with each other. and year Majesty
followed that gracious recononendattogo, by plecingla some
of the high offices of the executive department's( this Coun-
try such persons as were considered by your Majesty best
caleelated and disposed to give erect to the saintsreProlset-
In them measures of your Majesty we could.oot fell to re-
colinize the benignity of your disposition, and your paternal
aextety for the welfare avow Irish People • and ,although
we did not expect that our dissensions could be permanently
%moved without the repeal of the laws from which they dee
rive their origin and support, we determined to em-oposelle.
to the utmost of our power. with your Majesty, in yeserllMMlJ
'Meet designs for their suppressioe. ' . : t •:.10`
" We have accordingly, sir oe your 'Majesty's depeghwes '
studiously accommodated ourselies to the spirit of your gem.
clout injunction, apprehensive that the suggestion of even
just complaint might be imputed to us as a violent's of your
commands. We have refrained from the assemblies we •
were wont to hold for the discussion of our grievances and
our prospects of their redress. We have passed o'er in si-
Pam occurrerces which at other periods would have ex-
cited and justified expostulation, and In every respect eons-
petted ourselves with such strict adlietenee to your Majes-
is 'is &etre. as to render It impossible to attribute to us the
failure of your endeavours for the establishment of concord
among your subjects; but notwithstanding our earnest end
sincere co-operation, yout Majesty must have learned that
your gracious endeavours have completely failed. Never
was there a period when the animosity of your opponents
mss more vehement and viruleot than the present. A por-
tly° of your subjects professing exclusive loyalty to secure
exstusive sway, deriving from lope monopoly a pernicious'
a^d unconstitutional influence totally disproportioneci to
their intrinsic weight and merits, and confederated together.
by associations formed neon principles of hostility to the
great majority of the Irish people, have openly arrayed
themselves easiest your Majesty's pacific purposes, and
P to evinced that the whole weight and influemee of your
Government when opposed. by their apprehension for the
co-Ainuance of their domination, are unable to procure an
Lepartial administration of the law; the consequence has
hero. that we have lost all confidence in the sufficiency of
year public tribunals to protect us from the violence of
party ; the sacrifice of justice to the purposes of faction.
Pave o late been so flagrant and so frequent, that, when po-
htlesl end religious animosities are involved, we no longer
pace reliance upon the sanctity of a Juror's oath.
•• We forbear from entering Salo the details, and insisting
upon the many and recent examples of this melancholy
truth ; nor do we stale these grievances in order to excite
your Majesty's diepl ea sure against any class of your subjects,
much less against individuals ; our wrongs are not submitted
to your Majesty from any vindictive or angry feeling; they
are offered to your consideration for the higher purposes of
redress ; we know that religious and political animosities
combined, still mislead the judgment sod pervert the feel-
ince of men in other respects wise and good, and while we
unfold those calamities of our country, which recent occur-
rences have done no more than present in a novel shape, our
only object is to impress upon your Majesty the indispensa-
ble necessity of abolishing those distinctions by which one
portion of the inhabitants of Ireland are committed in inter-
est, and therefore arrayed in passion against the other; it
seems to us that perpetual animosities and contention are
the inevitable resolts of our political condition. We see no
room t.. hope that men will cultivate mutual harmony and
good will who are told by the laws that they are proper oh-
pets for mutual hatred and distrust ; but such is the 14.8300 of
the lams as they now stand. They openly tell the Protes-
tant that the Roman Catholic is an enemy, and they suggest
to the Roman Catholic that his welfare is incompatible with
the stability of the State.
" Sins, if this part of your Majesty's dominions were in a
stateofreasonatleprosperity,thedangerofincurringunknowe
erilc, end of losirg suhatential good, might with some show
of planeibility be objected to a change fog, our relief; but
your Majesty mn.t be aware that the state of Ireland Is so
deplorable. that it is almost impossible to make it worse
the Government of our country has utterly failed to attain
the eurposes for which mankind hath combined in the social
lea rue—the upper and lower classes every where divided le
real:sir and object : the Gentry and Peasantry bear to each
other a most alarming disproportion in point of numbers,
end both hare been deprived of the influence of a system
than which nothing can he more deteriorating to the human
character of the qualities necessary for the maintenance of
order. If the tendency of that system is to render the upper
messes ignorant, corrupt, tyrannical and servile, It is no
wonder that it should render those who are beneath them fe-
rocious, turbulent and idle ; in the Northern districts despe-
rate affrays, in which numbers lose their lives. ere consteut-
ly recurr ng ; the Southern provinces are wasted by en In-
sorrectioe. marked with the most savage features ; that In-
surrection has now endured for half a century. and is render-
ed more terrific every day by the increase of Population.—
The food of the great bulk of the People is the worst, the
poorest sod the most precarious upon which lemon life can
be sustaieed—in their raiment and habitations they are in-
ferior to tee most savage tr.bss of the known world—there is
no cspital, credit, or wholesome enterprise amongst us—our
energies are either dormant or only awakened for crime and
faction. Every native, whose business or necessities do not
bind him to the soil, flies this unhappy Islid—no stranger
Mill trust his property and person to a Country which is torn
by feuds scarcely short of civil wars. This condition of
things admits of no alteration for the worse, and repels ell
application of the common arguments against innovation—
no evil apprehended from our Emancipation can be compar-
ed with the calamities of our present state, end yet these ca-
lamities are not more indigenous to ours than to other Coun-
tries—they are the result of that system of misrule, which
has existed here for eenturies, and the main vice of that sys-
tem, is the relation of hostility to the Law in which it places
the majority of the People. Although we may expose our-
selves to the rebuke of those who will not distinguish be-
tween the causes and of the objects of Insurrection, we do
not hesitate to say, that the atrocious infractions of social
order, which occur both in our Northern and Southern Pro-
sinces, are to be attributed to the influence of bad Govern-
west or bail morals, and we are equally sure that the worse
parr of not bad Government, and the occasion of a great
portion of its other pernicious qualities, are to be found In
the code enacted against our Body.
" Sire, that Code hes not attained the ends for which it
was designed, and as it how stands, it never can—lt was
designed for the reduction of the Population of this country
to the Established Religion, and experience has shown that
it is unablelo Gagne' this object—there can no longer be
any question whether ii is desirable or pr. cticab!e to com-
pel the Inhabitants of this Country to renounce the Roman
Catholic Religion. The 'only question is, whether taking
It for granted, that that Religion will continue to be pro-
fessed and believed by more that. six millions out of seven,
it is wiser to repel thoie iustitptions of their Country by
millions from the contumely.arld injury• than to attach them
to its welfare by ihe common ties of pride and interest. .

we recel • /0 engin(
the Throne, end we herein all tiles citerimbed.the expiete-
lion, that we should be indebted to your Aajolty's. esprstal
binivoinci and magnanimity for the removal of our re-
maining diSabillties,.. We have been taught by poeuller
air-
eumatauces, to look with coulitlepce to your Royal interne.
sition for ultimate restoration to our Constitutional Rights,
and the present singular posture. of stain seems partici"
lerly to call for your Majesty's Interference. So greet a.
measure of national tranquilization, arisingent of your wis-
doms and benevolence, will eommend you to posterity, as tbe,
benefactor of your people. When that period arrives of
which a King ts More severely judged than •as ordinal
meni.a lasting glory willettach to your sensory; if the de&
seendants,ef those who now approach your Throne, eau say,
that long am irelind was annexed to the British Empire.
your Meleity Is the•firshigtheltritish Monarchs, who ex-
tended to nil your subjectqfbe full benefit of equal Laws,
and chnferred mpon this ginatry the entire bleselap of the
Rrfilsb Ottnittitution.".
SOCIETY Fownizira-orweriUrtorßiLialOtis
•• ." • LI KERTY. ' • t

• . .
On Siatirday., a.niost nemerons'end respectable meeting
of Abe nientherssuf
_this Society took place at the City, of
London Tome. ~.Lord DAMS in the Chair.
. The SECACUS! (Ur. Patna) proceeded to report,
but , ".,. ...t .
The CHAIRMAN sigietted the postpopement of 'that
office, v rite Principal Se. eretari, was pre:. '
*alio %hake some observations upon it, and could Com-
bige them witk the matter contained in the report.
Mr. MIAs :then addressed the assembly. He went
into a statementof the grievances which. the Protestant
Dissenters suffered, and-yet had to loffstr, from the state
of the law with respect. to their marriages, baptisms, foe
noels,
.aud.the regostaiessof their chapels; also from the
arbiteary and unequal judgments of magistrates upon
cases of offence taken before them by dissenters: also
from the wtill more arbitrary conduct of some of the
clergy, in refusing the ceremonies of the church to per-
sons of the dissenting persuasions, on pretences con-
nected with their religious habits. We can only briefly
allude to the instances upon which he remarked.
first was that of the Rev. Mr. Prior had refused to suffer,
a child of a Dissenter to be interred in the church-yard.
because it had not received baptism in the church. An
altercation went on between him and the parishioners for
six weeks. At last the clergyman, finding that he had ex-
ceeded all pretences of authority, agreed to let it be
buried in theilinrch-yard, hut refused to allow the bell
to be tolled, or the coffin to be taken within the church,
or the funeral ceremony to be read over the remains.
At last he consented for the bell to be tolled, but be
would allow no more than two strokes of it, and atm,-
lutely refused to let the coffin enter the church, or the
ceremony to be read. Tie case being made known to
the Society, and as it embraced so many topics of right
affecting Christians of every denomination, the Commit-
tee resolved to make it the subject of the strictest investi-
gation before the Ecclesiastical Court. He mat leave to
say, that those Courts were sadly deficient in affording
redressing for these grievances; for it happentied that
the Chancellors of the diocese were deeply interested in
the object of discussion ; it was in vain to appeal to the
aggret.sers themselves for justice, and to no higher
Court could they, make their complaint wituout the con-
sent of these jortsdlctions. The Lest class of eases al-
luded too as that respecting riots in dissenting chapels,
to prevent or punish which they had appealed in vain
to the local ma,istrary. One case was taken before Mr.
Battles, member tor Cerfe Castle, but he dismissed it
upon the plea that the service had not commenced when
the disturbance took place, and therefore they could not
complain of any interruption. In some instances redress
had been refused by the magistrates, on pretence that
the register of the chapel which was the scene of the
outrage complained of had not been deposited with the
Clerk of the Peace, as well as with the 'ocesian Court.
The other grievances to which be referred, and upon
which he mentioned the state of the law, were attempts
to extort Sunday tolls, contrary to the words of the
statute—attempts to assess dissenting chapels to paro-
chial rates—refusals of parish relief to members of the
dissenting body, on account of their religious opinions,
He admitted that these grievances were in few instances
countenanced, either by the state of the law, or the min-
isters of government, who had, upon application to
them, shown much willingness to secure the redress of
their complaints ; but he complained of the continual
meddling and mischievous interference of the clergy of
the establishment, especially those of them who happen-
ed to be also in the magistracy. He informed the meet-
ing that there were measures in preparation to be laid
before the legislature for their sanction, for the better
securing of the rights of the Protestant Dissenters in all
those points in which the law might be considered
deficient.
A series of resolutions, of corresponding tendency with
the speech of the Secretary, were then moved, and sup-
ported by appropriate speeches from many of the leading
ministers of the dissenting churches.
The Rev. MATTHEW WILES proposed the thanks of
the meeting to the Chairman, and, agreeably to hi*
direction, the whole assembiy stood up to show their
unanimity.
Lord Dacia returned thanks in a speech fall of liberal
professions. He said it must give them great pleasure to
observe, that while their grievances, which bad been
stated to them in a speech of great ability and intelli-
gence, were the effects of individual arrogance and op-
pression, the claims of the Dissenters were countenanced
by the (los e rinnen t—by all the respectability and intellect
of the country—and by the state of the law, except in
some few instances. in which he hoped to see sufficient
reinedi.s spttedily applied. He trusted that the time was
net far off when the word " toleration," and all the
enactinen.s connected with it, would be expunged from
the statute-book, and give place to a declaration of entire
and unqualified religious liberty.
The Meeting,whicli had assembled even at an early hone
of half-past 8 o'clock, and continued till a quarter atter 4,
then separated.

AR!.

.ologat, _ Rrtnting A.
*without patrties utaliir age. • •
Persons solemnising. marriage in any other plank
Fain a church or chapel, or without bans or license,
se under pretence• of being •in holy orders, shall be
-transported. Prosecution 4o -be soeuneoced within
three years. Marriage to be void, where persons wil-
frilly marry in any other place than s church, &c. or with.
lout bans or license. •
Voidahility far tririfof consent of father &c. by suit
'ennimenced within twelvemonths.
Liability of the husband for the charge of maintenance
of wife•aid children daring the • coverture, to continue
after the avoidauce of the Inarriage. And when marriage
solemnised between parties ender 'eget contrary to this
Act, by_ false oatb_ or fraud, the guilty platy to forfeit all
property accruing from the marriage.
Proof of the actual residence of the patties not twee*
wary to the validity•of marriage. Marriages to be in the
presence of two v• dimmer; and to be registered. • •
ho suit shall be had to compel celebration of mar-
riage by reason of any contract of Marriage. Marri-
ages tobe jn the preseoce of too wltoesses, and to- be
registered.
Persons convicted of making a false entry, or of forging
&c.suysucla entry ; or of forging, ice. any license ; or of
•tieitroying such register; to be transported.
' -Act not to extend to Royal Marries, nor to the mar-
riages of Quakers and Jews. This Bill occupies thirteen
!Oho mei.

7

IMPORTANT TO TIM C WORKING LASSEII;A Bill .of.
great importance to the working classes is about to be
brought into the House of Commons, by our Member,
Peter Moore, Esq. By it all the laws. now in existence
respecting masters, workmen. and wages, 46 io number
will be repealed, and a new Bill framed out of the
whole. By this Bill a proviso will be made that neither
masters aid workmen shall be indicted for conspiracy in
disputes respecting work and wages; the penal clauses
of the Combination Acts will not be re-enacted ; but the
covenant part, as far as regards masters entering into
legal bonds to bind themselves, will be prevented, by
declaring them null and void ; this extends, of course.
to workmen's bonds. The laws of Arbitration will un-
dergo a great revision, as will the laws of Ember/AP-
tient. The laws of Hiring and giving out work Will be
rendered more simple and free from dispute ; and to sum
up all. a coda will be put into the hands of the poor
man, a hich will cost about eight-pence or ten-pence, and
will teach him the whole laws by which he is hound as a
workman. The Bill wasdrawn up upon a principle of libe-
rality and justice to both master and workmen; the pro.
perry of the master is protected, as well as his real inte
rest, while the journeyman is freed from a number of
foolish, though oppressive restrictions, which are seldom
acted upon but in moments of irritation. and for pm rpoees of
revenge. In fact, it is intended to prevent the Bill from
being called either a Journeymsn's or Master's Bill.
No restrictions are imposed on either party, but what
every well meaning honest man would abide by. Its
great object is to prevent disputes, by providing easy '
and summary remedimand by regulations which prevent
them in easbrio.—(Cosestri Herald.)

MAILS.
DVI. I All.

DIM.

T.-Dublin -6
I --i
—Rolland I
9....Waterford.. - .0 o....Husbro 9
0.... G &Jersey....o I I....Franes 0
0.... Lisbon I 1.... Flanders .......0
I....Gottenburg 1 0....Ma1ta .O

WH,r-M•NDAr .—Holiday al Ike Public Offices.

Whe atateontan.

MONDAY EVENING, MAY 19, 1823.

PARLIAMENTARY COMMENTARY.

Doting the last fortnight the House of Commons has
continued to occupy i4elf in the judicial enquiry into
the conduct of the Sheriff of Dublin, the commence-
ment of which was annoknced by our 14st notice of the
proceedings of the House. Our reports of the examina-
tions which have taken place up to the last Sitting will
have amply instructed our readers without any comment
on our part, which we naturally reserve for the termina-
tion of the whole business.

The thing is pat off till Wednesday, when the Orange
partizans intend to resume their patriotic labours.
In the mean time we will take the opportunities offered
us by the holidays to review the few incidents, for the
discussion of which this enquiry has allowed
time. The famous Came Bill, which we promised
our readers to watch, advances through the House.
Oar readers need not be told, at this stage of
it, that its object is to legalize the sale of Game, which,
up to this time, has been unlawful; anJ all that we shall
say of it is, that the legal owners of Game, the Two
hunting Members of Parliament, have introduced a
clause into the Bill, denouncing severe penalties upon
those, themselves excepted, who shall offer this commo-
dity for sale; that is, who shall take the trade out of
their legitimate bands. The public will observe that we
shall watch its progress, and the House must be sensible
that the eyes of the public are upon this matter, but
more of this anon, at a further stage of the measure.—
The subject, next in point of order, but, in our judg-
ment the very last in point of importance, to the people
and this country, was that of negro slavery. This was
introduced to the House by a Mr. Nowell Buxton, a gen-
tleman of known philanthropy; and philanthropy so
extended, and so boundless, that it overloaks the suffer-
ing labourers of England, and can observe, and de.
scant ,upon nothing but the burning of widows in the
East and the flogging of slaves in the West. He is more.
over a follower of the far famed Mrs. Fry, :And we there-
fore need not add, that his benevolence is of the descrip-
tion which includes the pickpocket and the house.break-
er, end excludes the industrious artisan. To these
his merits, he adds that of being an extensive brewer;
and, with a good will peculiar to himself, he
wishes to prevent the flogging of negro slaves,
and to have the exclusive privilege of supplying
London with pots of porter. The accidental circum-
stance of his. losing nothing by tbe former and of mak.
ing considerable gains by the latter, has, of course, nut
had the least influence upon the conduct Of this Gentle-
man: and, we therefore suppose, as we
.are in duty
bound to suppose, that had he been a planter instead o


would have been equally eloquent upon the
the Slaves, and quite as just in his re tar t
littera! of brewers. It Amnia he ieepossi
that upon such an occasion a certsin

not address the liouse. He did ad,lress
it, in the usual good set phrase; hut, as it differed in
ues.biag from file fOrtneraleresses on the subject, which
have descended to the Methodist ronteadcles, and liave
chespeoed duns !hal) twopenny- tracts. we shall spars.
ourselves the. ;feeble. of repeating, and ear • read-
ers the disgust of reeding fit. A talk followed:
which ended in Mr. 'lttilieuir- idthdriwing his mo-
tion, anti expressing lihi'leit4Me obligation. to Mr.
Secretary Canning for his concess;ons• ice fayscr of
black slaves4na the two prinripatof tbese.conressi fins,
we solenisly assure our readers: were these—that
CART•WRIP should be-diseontlisued.in the punishment of
resrit.a and'tbikt ilar!s in eeneral should riot
be worked -(tow fours neither we.take for. granted). on
SmiDifil • 17pealieln bfr..!taton was contented and
thaahfilsiti'witbdiPtitsisinefon.

h On the tootles. GM: Goulbure, a bill baa been brought
in to • contlimb tinf:lttsurrecttori Act in Ireland, not'
wititstandiag. .copatfir .ntetien was wade by Lon(
Althorpe, to inquire into the cause of the insurreete.m.
Ministers therefore seem to proceed upon this logital anti
legislative conclusioN, that as banging and transporting
have failed to put down the disturbance, it is ailvrise, to
continue the bangingand transporting.
Another, and the last measure of the Collective Wiscio”,
to which 'we shill adfert, Is a Bill which has bee' ?Btu-
duced.foi the commutation of Irish-tithes. We. heartily
approve of this measure,ard our approbation is net dimi-
nished from the circumstance that it bas been forced upon
the Government, by the spirited conduct of Mr. Hume:
and that it is ()Opined br.ii the Irish Primates,
lag the new Bishop of Clogher. These dignitarie..
oppose the rneasure, contending, !as it appears, that Par-
liament-have no right loilseddle with church property
Hive their Right Reverences forgotten or do they Sup
pose that we forgot the wise, wholesome, and truly pa-
triutic attack which "-was made upon the whole
of the Church property on occasion of the Refor-
mation, and from which very attack Mey derire
their present title to it?' If that attack was as we
contended it was, perfectly legal, and constitutional, it
is in the power of Parliament :o interfere with that pr i-
perty again, with a view to the public benefit. if, on
the other band, that attack was not legal and constituti-
onal, then their Right Reverences have no title whatever
to that property. They are, therefore, at liberty to
choose either of the horns of this dilem.na ; but they
cannot contend, at the present day, that the attack in
question was fair and proper as regarding the then ex-
isting Church Establishment, and is not eqnaily fair and
proper as regards the present. In one word we can only
say, that we heartily approve the principle of the iota-
sure, and hope ere long to see it extended all over Eng-
land.

Paris papers to the I;th nave come to hand, with the
following
TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCH.

Paris, Mai 18.
TUB 11 &1011.GENIRAL OP THE ARMY TO TOR MINISTER OP

TOR INTERIOR.

" The French army continues to advance upon Madrid.—
His Royal Highness, with the Corps of Reserve, arrived on
the 9th at Lerma, from Burgos.
" Marshal Oudlnot arrived on the 6th at Valladolid. Ills
advanced Guard is on the Duero.
"General Obert will be on the 11th at Mines an."
Except the above, which shews the Duke d'Angon-
lime's heed-quarters to have advanced about thirty miles,
since the last despatch, these papers contain clear cr
certain respecting the invading armies. Much is in
deed said about the operations of Mina, but it is contra-
dictory ; distorted by prejudice and party spirit ; and
evidently partakes more of rumour than of fact. After
attempting to disprove the statement of Moncey's official
despatch, that the advance of the Constitutionalists to-
wards the frontiers of France was intentional, the
Journal des Debar asserts that Mina has done, what
was anticipated he would most likely do, that is to say,
he has dispersed his troops into Guerillas, amidst the
mountains in the direction of Arragon. flere, it is
said, be was pursued by Count Curial and the Baron i
d'Eroles, " who continued this kind of chute," but with
how much success may he guessed from the additional
information that his pursuers " had not yet been able
to fire a shot," or, in other words, to come np with his
troops. It would appear, however, front the l'iloie
Eat if he could not be overtaken, he knew where to find
and to overwhelm bia enemies ; for it is confidently-1
stated, that whilst he was thought to be marching too
Campredon, be suddenly darted non Romagosa's diva.
sion, which was stationed at Ripoli, destroyed it, and.
then occupied Berga, from wirnce he might move to arty
I part of Arragon or Catalonia, which be thought propm .
Although little dependence can yet he placed upon this h.-
formation to its full extent,the very uncertainty which pt e-
rails respecting the nature of Mina's movements tends to
prove that they are the unshackled result of his own free
will and enterprise. IVere this not the case, every stcr, he
took would be anticipated, and circumvented ; whereat itis
evident be derives advantages from his =venm.; be-
yond the expectation of his enemy, for even the 'Paris.
Ultra Journals admit that, by it, he has " pro: racer!
bis existence a few days more." In the mean tis re the
French have resumed their practice of fabricadni: inter•
cepted letters, for the purpose of deceiving their dopes;
and published a copy of a pretended nate from Genteel
Milans to General Mina, urging him to make tie retreat
as a matter of necessity, and with all possible J peed. A
few days, however, will clear up Mina's motive; and et-
jects. it is remarked by the French Ultra Jos teals ass
curious circumstance, that since the advas ce of tl.o
French there has h •en iv, account of Bessierts,—eboa
some time since made such t aratai•lahle m went cots upon
Madrid, then the seat of Government—that rim French
seemed afraid of his putting down the Constitution be-
' fore their aid could arrive. It was reported at [Cayenne
that he had gone over to the Constitutioua!ists• his
companion and colleague in command, Clow, is Vaud
to he engaged in the siege of Valencia.
FOINCII FUNDS, slay 15—Five percent. Coeval. rape-.
eal at t 47. 30; highest, 5,7. 40; lowest, 87. 5 ; ch•ve, S; 2";
Neapolitan Five per Cent, ; Routes of Sp:o j 4.----
Baschange ou Loudon, 21 13.;—ditto, three =o°l3'l
27, 55, • •
•

11113 STATEBM N • •
r ii,
- A 111 k- r - , it . yr- :,
"111. &,. .par '
CATHOLIC ADtIERI3B TO THE KINO. '....1 ylgo)oressed,with purse relbufda Infinatmed•`Manes to be granted to marry in Ihelthltr..„ &,..lar brewer, he iron
00 jolts for the rested h
—ow— its ..4 moiety foo thole "assraterea ,- y. e egas• ilf 611pariskenlp, wherein owe of theigrtnis resided 4* tgrievancrs of th
octit - bur part halt Inhere we Implve yons / 0114.4i0 t. t`' before, and where caveat itlftbriitt
011 owing is a copy of, the Catholic Address t
oollotottr trio Yew glootooo obooldeoottym• and to recall- matter examined by judge, and oath to be taken before
dtlert was voted oath* lath instant, at the Aggregate' mend your Parliament to redress our grievances. We re- the Surrogate, before Samoa is grease.- Bond not- tp hie to suppose I
tin Dublin : , .offirbot/t.tth Profoola 10,2 d 121°14 Pad_ . ,_tndi• thaticiAl moat be tegnired before grintlng license., :reiiient of parents, Wilberforce did
'To TUR KING'S Mali rgIICTLIANT MAJ2STV• _ substantial benefits we nave.reeeivets. hate emonavau from i,„ ,
I* il, 1A P. ...i.g...... ...ALL. .....-
