To raft EDITOR •► rats STATESMAN.

Sig,—When erchitetal leisure from nemerees
shoes permits me to she a peep. en poitont, M
year imtrective Paper, I ant aluays sure to be
gratified with 9011$0 intelligence or other, that Peneee
highly ioterestios to s rational being, who feels he is
a 55011,5051 scores, ender this simple title, to rest sa-
tisfied with the rink of • slam. The lecubrations of
tileff amiable writers, Owes end TMUIIIIIAII, though
►y no means very propitious to your greed theme--
4' Bodice' Before'," are very peeped, admitted to
your impartial cottoning, Waste their tendency is
human., sod they help to keep alive that ardent
spirit of collisets invemigatioo which aloes is want-
ing to render all mankind happy and tree, mere mpg.
eially the nadirs,* of honest Old Englaad, the ensile
of science sod liberty in modern times. You have
contribeted to rekindle the peeress sparks
et Wpm] sentiments, shies ore sow animating the
■ass of lb. People to demand their long.lost sod see-
prided rights, from the atrocious hand of &roses-
mergere. by whom they bete been usurped, soder
lb. sanction of laws founded on iniquity, sod hostile,
if cows., to Notions' justice. The late lamellae of
Putt.t.tn's Golden Rake, is the SrArssmett, is
worth a mint of money, its these perilous times; I
only "sigh the worthy Knight end chserpien of juri-
dical trash had Risen at least one more, for the wi-
ses considerstiou of all upright Christian Jurors, at
the ?reseal awful crisis, between 66 slavery sad
death." Cods, can a British Jury long debate,

when Fictrua
free man dead with this fill cleb of the law. For.
bid the horrid deed good Heaven: and give Is truth'
and justice back their wonted spells. In sober sad.
nese, Sir, yes will perceive my sliest.. is to these
Actions end It., in many iediciments, which pet re.
liglon and merslity at atter defence, and make every
thinking man blush for this crying sie in our Courts,
sod the Statutes of ear nuttier) Wed, deformed as some
of them are ►y glaring falsehoods. Were I spin s
Jury, and heard it graeely asserted, that each an
art was committed vi ii onsets, elite emulator), at
the some time, that this ores all 'fridge, no power
no eart► should compel me to coevict the primmer ea
fictitious premises, Ind 1 wall boldly tell the ter.
restriel Judgo, if necessity. how fettle my vindica-
tion of perjury most prose at II higher tribes'', •h..

arraigned for condemning a fellow-ermature to pe-
oishnsent, on the flimsy grenade *1 Wool Actions and
judicial dicta of sehrerrieot serials, fe these cases,
more fallible than myself. The orourent is fast ap-
proaching, she the " Goias Raki,' properly
applied, must work a mired* in defence of British
Freedom, sod agaiast the stress arm of Deepoilem,
is this dearoded kingdom sod commonwealtb,, wow
trampled epos by a vile Oligarchy of the %vent
descripilou. Every James', is false., who is got
the reercmary tool or megelaary leech of the Wee.
sal Pin system, will hesitate before be implicitly'
shape or form, sod he vii
beyond the Om digit d
perseeutioe, to nbsteeliate Ibe
, whisk ma ealy be hegira, le
themselves or their Maker, salmi
' lees notorious than esill•
the mime itself is lege.
perjury equally ermeraseelh.
with perfect isepsoity,
harrier to provost *t em
Holy, free overwlislideg
Yet I suspect emit Comte
repelling the tide of om
former boatels, sad that
sins of a difereat bled,
. shell preceed to describe
means left for tire lamp*.
oation's self.defesee free
lidos., Public bleeellage,
any, sod new passive is.
levels* more or less of dam
image, commonly throws
who nobly lake the lead
bone prbike, with the ed.
'od in the beer of peril, ee
geed case hatibbese, by tbe
eadeavouritig to doffed fres
--we'll sod Rolfe of Snoods! imposters aid braid.
tynats. The whole of the ober* plows to °bis e.
redress have for half. century proved. abortive, aid
I doubt meth of the recent scheme of wake
firearms, in the pretest state of society, as kW
soy other resell has tacking w' Ittrly 'titration to
political knowledge, at the severe cost, however of
Sir CnaaLcs Wor.secv, end mash gallant English.
um, in purse mod person, if net to life and limb,
by dungeon, torturer, and coolinement, to the total
subversion of domestic happiness god- peace is their
respective family circler, perhaps to their dyleg•day,
ho protracted.
All sock hazards can be easily avoided by adopt.
lug 1.014 COCNRANti• blunt advice on a grand aye.
tallwitc male, which Rosy be thee asplaimed, as it was
to fart the Oral stone laid for the emantipatioo of
America from the fangs of Ministerial impositions,
Mt sear ,o genius es the late yoke of three oddi-
ties'sl milliom am Jona But.i.'s beck, previeesly
bent with bordesis nearly to the ground. Breed,
milk, potatoes, better, chine, Ash, gush, Ise. Ste.
instill not vet y visibly loaded with direct tases,theogh
malt liquors, spirits, wise, tee, toffee, sugar, tobacco,
aid each articles of !usury, ere sheerly brooded with
Luise sod ether deities, which famish owe-half of
the charges 'named by the Siete la support of a
Striding Army, and a vett host of locoos which
feed mod fatten ere the vitals of the laboeiing and
ladettlioes poet, who, nevertheless, furnish by their
p•do, thy exertions, the whole supply for e Bodge
mid Green Bag of grievances heaped on their, forlorn
hada, penned by It Wbisla puipsslol by t

sonctioas action, I. say sks
- -
&teat raisins sensitising
s rad Pltain-for pewee
a ass, which
, to themseivi
tulips, not
mg a base, when
. lOW rho &opts. dyt,a ad p
114 g fly committed i
*Oro form so Irrresiolible
ling 11 nd of obsolete
I W Ibyond redemption. y
are `rat feeble orachinee for
wality atr.i faarepti,n tm its
moire self.den,iog die
t your tnM. I
- as le omnipotent moo
e meted portion of the sea
inerbilling bondage. • Petit
speedo, Resoistions, writ'
*taw to taxation, all lieu
Pr* MI. tumble, sod es;
up, di braes individuals
09 tieei *cessions pro berm
ft/titbit of being demoted
esser martyrs to dm good
ler/ lock, they. were eados
the them sod Reif* of Gnu
