t To TIMOTUT,WIIIIIIIN; Ise.

Chtich fled -Steie,•tese siitiq risUtioeb 166 teat.-
.Whatever year Algiews-rorpdlitical. tiled 'My be.
,k cse• et'-lostgarlmeibisillig /o AMC People Aso t
emir& voice shall permit ; sad the Meese iblieW
shisis freely; fairly, .setb folly etes yo
u otedf
' will sot ethrtibst* oalltretComosoestesith, or tile
Cap of. lAbeflytemy atect•Abandarasee Kier
*IMAM awe was ceestaddriw _their wombs,
Ho ether es their shrew memeatom Ai that
%slog only the Climet:4ll.4l d a free Neale. 'et
Repeblie, whisk Idol still to .ba rated by its aid
Magistrate, fel lbw assesses AOC instead a OP fit-
tinier. good iff lb. select km' at the solb sheer of
plooderoormyrisdi„. Yoe mei delighted whit Mr.
'Fatten AL is his- fleetly et beetl Pqopriator ; hot
sorts be is sot so std.'s,' Ilse gasi tee gem/sally art,
at which I tioarrely rejoie Images yes .csenot
'gleam of kW /sable tnt for lisetige—tbat se ego
shalt not esjoy it who wants to esdede seedier se
Mt tun of celaparetite 'odious aloes. Let so so
far gratify your coelosityabset tits isdisideal whom
yoe have it tempted to item& env!, C Asurat's
hottle.bokier, on • fell of misty Norman perehmest,
wtskb the pelmet ail 'glees no Imore then eel
sapiamt Rebus saw de kisses Charts, ii. Bill of
Rights, or theta docemeass which, at Imo, were ill
calesistsd to beim& the min:A maititogle, obatever
L their lahswas drivers may yet hive dorivrd from
tbs.. Kee*, thew, that, first, law e sea • asuand,
a setiho,hot No phoebes; third, my peo, heed. kends,
sod time, fors the clots of fey estate; (Vastly pre
eases fe .
My eight, OS SONO Of feed Cali be laynoel ;I
all, however, at ihe aboolide costrmil of Lavisakers ,
with whom I bite toddler a direct nor Wilted esti..
snit.: whams I feel tee keesly that II dark shim.
*bile yea, at toast, beta the satiffsellon to think
IMA M( afreemini, • • Owe ward more shoat the bug-
bare! Deism. • The dews ere-Deists, whn deny the
Mill- Xcestiscrd in Idels t the Tort. sit Mitt/. who
saia(- that eh* Founder et oar faith leis as Inspired
Me, bet short with hotter whew we call him dm only
liegotteo of tlso Father; tad last, not least, the !Un-
does wakes not one Mt many locarostios. ei the Di.
flaky. New, all Wee per cue swear rule, my; or
CAects.a•i'llfe away, its ere Coeds of•Jowice, to
sesessispeetooksillemetricwity ePpoelietervirititriesi•
bet en piaci** -roorsiossiet eseogle-thitit she IS.'?
tf ihtleouhleoloonded ow the laws of smote 004'
iteturte's God. Abet .ase is too alloy 11111104.11 k"
beeeht by livid& stosiststien, whiciMedverlieosi;
saisilpolewer. the.isopptert of derpotilderiptrito:pse
rest isoleed tow skegistastiso, rmemitylpaittitepptove-
none of n•eirmal liholny. allptegitier 111111111tcavo-
reli'nna gif• SlO•fortOffielfere to essiestini)le, ever
'the S r • "atienoseeteimeeeio a chep-howei;ll oat out
.itcooblisrlat pate hum a librearksll •ef•
• •
• is • Which' call* contract tition.erpaed
jo
Weds us &nett readers cad servile follower': /slits.
•• - - I remain n,' • ." • '
• YOURIr Offer üb: Sidieot.Soriatrtr •••
TAM. 11,14194 I

•N. 4. 1811.

m rim e(Nn)a •.eii Was STAXISILIPM •
fOrt.--Slike er, 'Mewls' Meto treat ibtaMardr. have Wee
&word wit` she perwletttre rm. aid.: IllarMealotort
weber seam 11r. Heat. le • my. wee ItAseadoevel is re.
remove se a 51: Wet saki . ter bri =et to OW lorry
to gra chaired. •• . • ,-,.. ..r . . t -
It alit prelleMy be CS/ 4. past IltrAtr..d.e. Mime.
diesel, !setae, tee trot • Merles ton Pore. a Wad.
hill eta rest tedswelt•tif seilitees realer
Wed tr.
titre& is the imileibsw4rash awl pared to the Wools. The
extreme 'Mews . Is ertestlee. sad lb.. thethods
tabeem site ft phdand a corrietase wry era
eittrat ed ' eity Ilterlsorat It owed pre Willa
erairel a die Weitareilt tar of the rbbeeibmi.ilke the
heed-hill weer/ to lb Mean by the MM;lard Mayer Wool.
was riestiltril to MOW the lords of the Miertatemed, aod at 1
oemermedy Mara theihrilteed Iherrietadede theill .be-
fame Me mere asap MOW* et Owl vateriee.. _
Valor thew lesprowee. 1 wee rinted by taw Irks& se
eatimreia up Weal. aed peMble air prower.
die amererrailli arliiiabiss if Ms islim,,
milso hi...ma $ ....d
we
WI patte 1 MOW ups. Mr. Meat (I baker the Mr
hate le so mi. of* alk, sheet 1 bar! Wes it tart Geode-
wee hemelori • le (diet lee pArterty et Miele. a
ignitor 4of tea Wry We Aerator ..-% efkoilier. rid
=kr grUg Irertraglai. :var.:
meg doe Meals I hr
ovairoarsoddell.a. 1 oat tiro wady
1 a wavier he HMI 1. awrrery•aree tensest et my ele-
eerttp.
1 M Me we Mae WWII Is Ille. IllorMord a espy of the
germ tat Mr W. Weary red paean of shirr Mr.
1 Irentivtdttew rac ed epos meter wog to pay. and is
IWM Is Mtn Aar eller" ;-1 rich they arroaded to 11. it.
11.iegreiteetbss WOW at MY Gesalsorae% catlieg epee re.
l behaved. I beim. Is gaiter • woo dhow esesterr thee 1
Weld bewMostea el. Wheless& expected vititer t awl epee
reefers lb iWira. I WWI We I had Rig'', Mr. th
M. ro rt.. • the etramiell side that bellow. sad Apt
. 1 mold eet dleep_ibilleltire, he raper d to pay mar : bero dio
eairmailere meek mid Mr. Illeedbord retired. No=
' 11111 row if M. wad. the tremors et the a
sewer! by Mr. Wersilfsed to low bees made by ate
la IN. era../ ,asl ms eat aware of MOD, ever ha S.
iv et Itedag width' reach of the Worn of that tlrederee.
Mille al it hat
es I mewl bad ray {chastise et main my
loch wribeties. so 1 /Id set pewit' It to his or to say ether
lliw.
le sy esseserdise with Mr. Ilarlfeed I did set eat* we-
Mee the IleMbidd Wore g as, bow peer. I did sat wale Me
precise rim for whirr the 51. ass fires. but adverted .517
Ili Its Wier applamble to the pawns( 0 she Writs aril** eat 1
et sae hirlitilt. Me ratty Debra the rider drawee, I
ma.
ermilly berm Wt. rids. at any ifteraiina at pervert*
useser. he Mt*. wlth pretweelerd opialass of the prasniae
*MA be appro.. It' eappese'l bad safe, protium that l refer-
red she it se Me olarri he bet dated.
I as wry le Mark ...), Woe or outmost. eatterrea
epee she atteMlea et she pear at soy Moe. be were e:r
any se errespyrepery in year Seared, whirl Wild be deleted
to more tapermet sabieett. , A feeler/4 of justice towards Mr.
Mont. rrels Irea.bearever. I deal/ Iraq, &svelte three tieetketee
who. sou sweet. were Islarealad NI •Mt Conitibetiii• (IMO of
Mow are sot Kadin! Retotreult; ober bevies required ate
she appl.rariae af the sem irr wsria ere perteellp award
et its tee.: Imre ainomprletlee WHO objets ter mach it was
iesseied. • 41,•..
i am, Sir, year's raledirartle. +.
LMAIILECOA leo..
to, N. HetarliMll. Mei. 14 link, ' ,
r

or-
dent
110 i

--mmr— -
Ste,--In my hirable opinion:tare self-keen jags
'spatter faired then elucidated, by the preemption
of the man
.who conceiver his notions of tbe truth,
respecting the Deity, the Law, end the Gospel, are
si infallible a' you wish the public to belfrse:—All
rho dogmas adduced in your writing', are agrlast.
she doctrines of that civil sad religiose freedom,
which must ultimately 'mimetic-from Uni I Sat-
iate by hello'. trineilly Pawed by a free people..
1 by no sears envy you the smile of self-ample.
. ..,
eerier, which yea hive already enjoyed' at my it-
rev, nor shall I -even grudge yea the horselaugh
at the supposed .victor 7, Toe new arrogate ever Sir.
VIMICIa BURDETT and his partiarns. when they, In
-delayed, to your Constitutional 'visions, concede.
that becalms in day' of yore the great majority eel
Enslishmeli were tinted by the Larded Aristoereey•
as brute bends, who could neither cud nor write; I
their dereendsnts also, thesgh possessing minds eves
mere cultivated than their parse-proud masters, eruct
mill sobnsit to be considered fools er *Asia by every
jtck-sst, who deems property alone the earmerwer
smarm of earthly qoalifications; bat wise, is the
sem. breath, is forced by his pearlier creed to be-
lieve it impartible fora rich man to miler the king-
dom of Herren, while the poor till de,ma elce to
the very Lighest seats in that celestia sembly.— ,
%then you have reconciled such folimpiseeserte learn-
shimmies with reason or divine 'naiads*, I any be
convinced that !shirty below should be dolled te
poverty, t booth this very misforfssoe is min of the
serest weans for espendieg the me eye peeeoze
through the gates of bliss abate, which wealth hes
to momenta, according to rho Bible. Genuine
self knowledge should have tseght yen. that to two
grand mashes of the Ch • ' a religion are to adore
one Almiseity Goilland to love year eslighboar as
yourself • Of, 111 "other words. so to set witlinvery
rationrl ;ming as you could wish he would behove to
yes, ender similar circumstances. Were Deism lint
law of theism', which even by your Primer quota.
lino it oppenri to be, as the fare of Cod is bald
sacred by many nations. who deny the dirinify of the 1
iacellent moralist. called by some Christians the
Son of the Most iligh. these* stoutly centrover•
ed by ethers of that persuasion. I say, •ese 1. -
Deists In power, would yea like their prosecu-
tions sod persecutions of Polytheists or Trinitarian,
ender the clink of eradicating Atheism. idolatry,
Blasphemy, or any other °knolls's, doctriosee, by ere,
sword, or total ruin from long Confinement ? No,
yea could not approve of such di,gracefial contract.
any aloft thew if you were only a common lod4a,
possessed of ordinary. intellects, sad 8 docent chase.
ter. Is it post Able you.voeld succumb to the Malaga
imposed opon year mind, parse, amid person, by any
bed of larahllifers andheasebolders whateser, for
ire reason escfpf the sihie Sark our forefather; hat.
lag done it in Lys Sof 'ldeal' Archness. This argu-
ment weeldkedaer we ante more to the nester mtge.
el Peva% *opiate, Yawls, Ste. whence-the kalikeh
3 hive-beers earracipsteid Ite. sterling there very fa-
. Coition •Idet; brio gredaelly redeemed the laws ef the
reter,...lsnd from the diribolfastifskse or legitimate murders,
e'. • can in en hirlplenntd lien Cad te Mann is atieserde
is
erd.rsitcfres.- who were set less amessitatiersatly con-Ise.
-- drained to-die, than Mr. Climate wilt probably be
• 'esseterreed to • fingering captivity. became he. peer enarresrass.
• • fellow, darts to doubt the Div* neighs of Church *age tha oil .-
k
. and State as by le w esteblishlel. Ifni wish le IteW _ o,:geteseagg, iitio„
me up to ridicule es the mire of that banwet Deist, she stetwised few.
whose moral character deer wet fall sited, I peeenase, re trigZ :pit`
of your own, tboagb.lholsely liwandrd inert Atheist by "vs hoseerbstmg - '
ogle
s.
many Dielerfe. idol have- lately been detected Is Itom4 et lise IliSt.tne
plundering Charitable Institutions, end in lettingslip ', rrlais„.l4o .". -
• its. blontlhonvide of • the infernal 'Pert Symms lifter '— -
21 starving awl reelable sesenshlege of their coentsy.
men. Be you the Sancho of these cerrept Qeieseta,
In the shape of sin-end death riding en a white horse,
tough shed, ewer theirs arepreemoted braliwas as lon
as you plover ' • bet nit sawed that this teen hemmer
which I am se far from envying. as te crsacefee myself
much better employed in my present lowly escepetles,
as the defender of a plebeian martyr to eamlear, and
whit, he believes, the cause of teeth, Ismael', sad
portico. Reed the speech ef a person named Wm ALLIT, i
at the Henley Pottery Meeting, who calls himself a 1
common labourer, et at least one if the " lower
orders," whom you wish is eels with that relief'
iron which reduces them to slavery, and this ask
your awn conscience if such non merit the let assign.
• ed Oslo by year Coerlitatianal Statelee, enacted by
' mirrepresentatives of the people to Itch their ;wadi
verses libertier, Ilvee, end mensal profits with is.
pool', from them, thrragh the whole of these area
separately, ant leer saleable than soy species of pro.
petty the privilterd soffragirts can possibly possess.
to qualify them to create logielsten and Pens' Codes
• • for their fallar-eitizens, who, from your stations
shoal' have nothing to de with Acts of Parliament
besides obeying them. .
I. retain the
I grant is is net your avowed purples
. same number of human beings ih bonder, that the
Tories and Court Whigs will always de; still the me.
• jority of the nation, by year policy, aft to continue ,
*• hewers of weed and drawers of water" to the end
i of time, without the possibility of redemption, by any
• adicalchengr in the ezisiieg corrupt Government.;
because, forsooth, the popular body, even in•Ena- On Monday night a numerous lifertSiog OA@ In.
land, was once degraded to the level of mere bretes* habitant Househr;lderr of S. James' and St. Ge*p'
' by Rulers ac, bid arty shine to brag of hat common perishes,' teek place at Attiir's Brooms,
.Kine.tstreet,
henry.. Those riots, thank Go., are poiN Mr Sr.- James's, to mire Wit eirrosiderstioncthe taimit
Teassik,'Acter to return; and the meaner year proceeding, of the Wafer Cromparriee; the lion: G.
boasted self knoviledge secommodates itself to the Lass, 1,1,;(1 M.l'. it, the chair. After ingest. (igg.
spreading light, 'Main; from all quarters of the them" had ,I,..oo,o,.Rireeihijohs.viere erica: so' is.
worlds you will "t fate the 'en's*. Were both p ressice of the resolerion of the Meetiatto stipprt
Deism end Republicanism In pretaii in oar genera• a new Astor; itinto for the!4tpply of Ilse Weal(' port I
Lion, se much wow. inns hive done htf.rpot. to ny of ,he M.t.opolli ow, Water. • -.. •
nothieg of the reifi)tn which inclines you to make A dr,dittrl sr, how out 110 a norreirie, at holt-pen am.;
honert torn and true s dick of serfs, at rhe mere) ti7usult.:::tia....ier.7,;.oo,:cleti.hr3.aati whole
or linVris::: it:isig; '
and disposal. for every thirst
„dens to mankind, of c.,,,,,,d.a.d „,,,,,,dotip, isi.wees ‘,4.,dy gmaitt-g; Nast
lordly Electot 4 end their Itepoirentstives, me obey eir notwr. :jib.. Ilrleblillinee.Cnuellilbetllradeir +elm =it.
+eternity h. re hitherto heen,sior. the (taiga 11..-90- :1',.`..7.1ti Va'll., sir„:::.„,."lsrlrrit• cc!: ,„,x; in 'Litz.. had had
lotion, in t!.t. blessings ot whit h a orisin ars,, it is en'f. heel, teleitee•ete in the espeoes of war stimemeas of,
seems, are in live. an 4 more, 0..1 here their briosii, si eotnio. I*lo'Ll. VrteoZi.egoietinr:yb"rserineiene:nfl :;Zoci.:.l..elex.rt:
, fterrinen, while tnill;ntts are In lick the dust fr• tn the Z.„;,.:„.,Di ss. ve..i lijppy .0 'mini' able in *SCOW a..
fist el their insatiable. Prints:sus, to minuet is knosAscrc ina, tor pcncosinjored, ea this niarierag eccenve.
