THE S'll'AT

grew' for the

bet the reel castes

off the calamity tillp I evident, and till these ere
olsvlitektb. .dtgatnt Melt, nor leek
*Omilifist
f•••t• • . • •
lit
• • .
.:60614W.;;F= •
West radius *II,
kat .mliki:omMiled 'epos iletiont fir inforaiatiosil
.:10ftrliee atbdwistratfon, if qt, laws for their
..eadeotloio. *This Subject, aMi Ws Leseroircier
iiiiispeechiss for Medias teblacksand slavery to his
vin
coentryamni pats *. irs sided of, a verse in Pro-
Xthtsdr •Prticittit'a „Poem of ." Devil': Walk."
. Hale ti vssekey lea trice
^aa sir a trbtesomo jade;
f• I Amble," ase)b iw, "do the *open store,
• '‘ 6 Ikea they're used to their trade."
ibeoasee t.rakey serener the same,
• • —hist' witlOSltie expedition;
• • •Aadtise Devil dwagla ms the lm debates
Mae Siiiee Pale dkrllitina.
•• ' Asiiii,teis.reyera have. reached mi•-.
TIM sldtidibrj4stleziesirtxol Advertiser states, that
*retest bad been received from Qoayegail and P..
ma. pf the Royal Army -ilvPorn lolling capitulated.
...WWl* Ps Wets, itud thitApieiseqrstince the Ermine;
•threnit4yres bat baited, were •
- • .• :
Oft PV.ti• •
pcsrk% laf!t..-hogit arrived: ''Caere
tti.p.o7-eotipe,nt Ake .depitterw of the Aike' or virei.,
'..ktilditaJii • ;Vire sailleaStioss oe 0111 eddipet was SI ilrj
betratineett. -"th thri-Sitttpi of tb 18th; a proptssilion_
Was rdittlf to :lity,tahrinp. Pllti.4;ll ati Political
' pAleti 'I: tespeft In. diurnal pe bile* 41,
ti"cpi, hia :Was: .isilettedlo ibe • Committee. Thai
...txpptt.Of coasepitekatioaa being about to be neufe to
-the cbsObbi sit ;Iberei!levi.'l4--else• Minister of
agates eipeeo _or Via& gated. • Au article from;
Ciiisleiiirtpple Maim,. that the Foreign Ministers:
hed.tethreaces with the Divan for they
ParPosi of to .g' it . .etsacer in the measures"
for. rewash* tbli• outrages of :the Barbary Powers,
add -obAsiniag sitisfiactino; for their past contlect,
'flee Pete' is repriaSted. as 'oppOsing temporizing
• •
eirkjitits to, the. -reiterated instances- of thU Fo-
reigst,--Powers ; beat it is said the latter insist
epee -74 • direct answer to •their demands, in
seder to' found"4"4tirminaildn upon it at the
-epyrimitilint. Meeting of Sovereigns. The Allied
Pearea ttievi tkai' the antharity of the
'Government Over ilmeitll4lo is inerily
ls therefore abiard,:to talk 61 ;compelling the
tRAND SEIGNIOR to become' really responsible for
this effects of their licentiousness. The foreign Powers
Gannet controul even one of these petty States;, to
Mist by force of war upon the SUILINIE PORTE re.
flouncing his nominal Sovereignty over the 'Pirates,
would not much benefit any body ; but if new schemes
of partition are in contemplation, the Congress will
not want cause of quarrel on the African coast.—
Their jealousy of one another, however, will, as it
has ever done in this particular, prevent the only
means being put in practice of effectually checking
the outrages of the piratical Stales, namely, perma.
nently occupying their stations of annoyance,and co-
lonising *kb civilised Europeans the whole of the
African side of the Mediterranean. The Sieor RA Y-
[MR, a gunsmith at Rhodes, his been arrested and
carried to MK is consequence of a disclosure made
by Biz, one of the persons accused' of the warder of
Ftritnii:J—French Funds, 6/ f. c.
. :

Po Perk .and Tower guns were fired this day, at
oims”orcleck, 4u honour of the Paling REGSIST'S
birtl!Td•y., •
Yesterday, at throe o'clock, the PitINCE REGRST
bild -it tiled at carlioe-boose. His Royal High.
nags afteiviards held a Priiy Council, at which, as
w•-areinfornsod, the-consent of the Regent in Coen.
ail was passed to fhb marriage. .of the Dokiof CAW'
4ItIDGIC! Hia Rapt illitogfic goy* eedietice to the
Earl of klAkecow sirs, :the Earl of LivEueoos., and
CA.iiipa, • •
Yesterday the Dichosa of Giouce-Tca end the
Doke df Uri Awl *Alb the Qusie. the Princess
At'allifk." sb4 Macaw Ind Prieto .of Ross-
-4171141. • -

. .
' Yesterday the Priem of ft assr-Howautiis, attended
by BeroweNautrait,' rode oat iit a-Royal cerrteitet,
sod visited the Lotto COM/COLLOR' Colin/ SCOON•
Imes, the French Ambassador the Spank!' Ads.
seder, liesois Iffustamust the Frossian Minister, the.
Deltas of evitstimotrit end C.t.i erica, egcs•
• The Prince, and Pitsitmeref itultre4fwatituact pre.
pose NOW E .I;4l'4l'ler the Cabliiiiit, *beet the',
,Itlit •I the Ole ties seenlb.
. The Ithiveroe el Ream, it le said, witi, on hie
ttirto tie ttliktei chit thrifing of Saxony,.
_ who is
'afterwards to be preset at the Congress of Save-
Mitts. - -
Prince Leorots, it to said, will set oat en Ms In.
. tended visit to the Cietinest in the course of a few
;.weeks.: His Rortf-Hiiihnies offered the eccepatioe::
etClemeassot, Airing his emit-fee, to the Duke aid
,delete. of CIORIORLAIID. ." Bet, we understands
that their Royet Higbneesee ere also latest to leen
~goglond, for some time.
. - A Liverpool Paper says, that the loss sestained by
the recent calamitous conflegratiow ii estiaisted at,
50,0001., .ser era I thousand pentads worth of goOds
had been old the preceding 'der: .. .
. The callosities of :antiquity sent by *the Hoy of
TRII'OLI for the.Plttlei, REOENT,.pore.romoood yes.
traley froin thi Weynniept siottreliip, at Deptfofil,
to the Ter. .
-. . .
~.. . , .
A Autirtini. COARC ti -:H toner fit 0 ItTOli' ti TOI
Fag. tocentiroppniated it Witialdp.strief, Ts ,rani.
fined from that dim to Merfbotoegb.stritif, fn the
:so?* of Mr.
. G.11110.11D. RoustlllllLOtlLt, .00//'
of -tite Sfeigistia fel at Shiatieltiol is kee, . • tit'
retki
aimed Mr. Dres• et WO/Illip/i/011it 17. MAIO.
IRMO Kt's Width h ii 1* pstosshiesirsish, 'OW bell
•
not able to attetid to fib duties.

-
0

w~.. ~.:.

.1.

•

r -

COVENZGASOgIf TIIE4TREL
Wednesday night was performed at this Theatre,
for the Hit time. a Tragedy, called Beltamira; or,
lb Fat i.of Tunis: It it from the pen of Mr.
aetbor of Tireapostotre. The *vests out
, of which the fable of this dreamt is ceeetrected, are
supposed. to have takeo pike. at the period when
'lbw city of Teets .was aseteeped, by, the Emperor
CHARVIS V., bet have sot in theetsebras, we believe,
any foondstiott is history. The following is a sketch
-of-the plot, witch Is extremely complicated :
Menialle (Mr. You're). a Venetian Noblemea, unjustly
hosisheli from his native eft', andhis wite and child. as be sup-
poses. destroyed, lies to Timis, lad abjures his retigioe. Dis-
covering that Charles V. is marching against the pirate city. he
arms his Christian fellowolaves ageism their tyrants, mid be.
eases himself their lender, binding himself by an oath, that ant
liberty—am the embraces of his wife and child, mold snake
him ahandoa the commie came. He sees a child dragged frank
its mother, attempts's', save it, bat is prevented. 'I he frantic
mother stow ait is °Oen:ire (Miss O'Netx), the wife
of Slonfrodi (Mr. Kommd).--the child was theirs. He at.
to Mee his wife from the pirate's grasp--they are about to
murder him, wises' soddenly Montalto, the Governor of Tunis,
appears, and saves hies. This personage. whose character is
drawn with great force and magnificence, had been Admiral df
Veins*. and at Tunis was Deputy of Bewails, in hio absence, on
the against the approaching Spaniards. Montalto be-
holds Rollansire,--heers her nacre—it was that of his supposed
Murdered child. He restates her to freedom. her lumbsiti,nad her
cWld. Ara oral (MAreirsoir ), another renegade, now &Titres from
the camp of Herodias, With an order to murder: the Chief of the
Christian slaves. and succeed Monte/lo as Governor of Tunis.—
..farmed: would spare blasot the instigation of Montalto, bat that
be finds in biro
,Mitifeedi, his mort..l foe. Montalto provides a
ship to carry away tifteafrsdf. and his swite-Marafredi resolves
to keep Ms with, and lislldmira will .tot leave her husband.—
Amaral, flirting the enamel comes in -discovers Manfredi,
child has him thrived sway to chin --looks on liellontire—she
'mho Ithe object of an racy love,. to tarry of whom he had
leagued witth hand iti—had, in consequence, been degraded from
this Nobility, branded on the forehead as a robber, and east Mot
from Naples. Manlredi it was who defeated hind disgraced
bitu, and thus became the object of. his revenge and jea.
lousy. Sakeno. the suppetted father of :Idle:tura, meets Now.
who .discovers in him a brother, ,nd the murderer of his.
wife Raul child. Sakrna inyi his daughter lives— Ifellewilea,
titeis Titois,.and in the power of Amoral. The father is Isorior
struck.. In the ,aea t time Amara( has forced Helleasira to Lis
haratn.• where she grasps a potpie, d. and threatens to stab her-
self if be a, p laro.,ches. He briars la her hnsband,.whosisdootn-d
to Itutalt death Olden she throws doses the dagter, Site i. rests-
la e. He brings in her child ; the dagger fall. from her ba d.
..tfaturst is about to seize her. wh,n Montalto rushes is and re. "
cries his daughter in his area, Teals is mow swished. .destaral
is tailed of to battle. basing previously met the fattier, husband,
and other captives. to a &lagoon. Maiajneiti and We others are
carried oat foe instant execution i. Menwito is left behind chain.
ed to a pillar. • The dungeon dour is left open in the ensfuslaa, •
mid Ilellentire &Asher Wier, .stosseret returns. accuses Mon-
te/Assaf treachery. and Nabs him. The shout of battle is heard.
A awe of agonizing recoguit.oa takes place bet wets the father
sad daughter. diesurat returns, wounded sad blo• dy, his tur.
ban off, earl hh branded forehead bare, to carry off nalentira.
Mostialto sills him, and hlenfrodi and Bellamire are restored to
each otherli Oran.
• The dOfects of ..hid Tragedy are the utter want of
probability in. theincidents, acid the imperfect man-
ner in which 'they are conducted"... Throeglsout the
whale a loon of outrageous passliiii prevails, which
learns intended to carry the heaos..of the audience by
storm. But there is a brighter side to the picture,
that may be duvet, attend cOntesuplated with pleasure.
—The lausosge for the greater part is judicious and
oceselosisfly eloquent the characters are well sus-
tained and that of daourat in particular is marked.
by some touches of scorn and hatred which display
the hand of a master. liellamira is also a powerful
delineation, foil of .heroic lose and passion, in all
their forms of the filial, conjugal, and maternal re.
lotions. Miss O'NEILL, in a long scene in the harass
of Amurat, where she is at once distracted with fears
for herself, for her husband, and for her child, et.
hibited powers of the first order. MACREADY quite
surpassed himself : in the tool, remorseless villain,
regarding his victim with the smile of a demon, we
could never have believed him so effective. Both
Yonna• and C. Kastams performed their characters
with great skill. The Epilogue was delivered by
Miss BaosProm very gracefully. The testimonies of
approbation, at the close of the Tragedy, were toed
en4l vehement, and quite unmixed, as far as we could
discern, with sounds of a less agreeable nature.

- .
Yesterday a Coen of Directors was held at the
East loth:House, when the following Commanders
took leave of the Court, previous to departing for
their respective destinations, viz.—Capt. J. FREEMAN,
-Lord Keith, and Captain C. TERSUT, Northampton,
for Bengal; end Capt. T. DORMER, Lady Lashing-
tool for Bombay.
A Collector of Taies io the parish of St. Paul,
Covent-garden, at a recent investigation of his ac-
qoonts, has been found deficient Dearly 1,5001.
The whole of the Tonal, destined for the North
Pole sailed from the Nor. yesterday. The Other's
arson sanguine in the hopes of been able to gain some
information that may be sersiceatile to their country
and the worltLin general, even if they should fail in
finding a passage to the Pacific or Indian Seas.
In aid of the LOIIDALM interest against Mr.
BROUGHAM, the ready pen of Mr. SOUTURY, the
Poet Laurent, has been brought forward in various
squibs and ballads. The hills there, which had been
accustomed to a dif
..erent strain from that Bard,l
know not bow to acknowledge him again.
JAMES BARNETT, Esq. M. P. for Rochester, paid
a visit to his constitoeots' on Thursday last, preceded
front his seat at Strood Hilt, by a number of Gen-
Holten in carriages, and on horseback, all decorated
with blue ribbons; a boetlized'on a carriage drawn
by sit horses, similarly decorated, accompanied the
procession. Mr. BARNETT and a OROMNOUN party
afterwards dined at the Bull lon.
Yesterday a Dinner was given at the City 1f Loo.
lion Tavern, to the inspporters of the Philaithropie
Society, for the discharge of persons conhued fur
small debts, and for the temporary relief of the or.
genitalia hianefactoriog asid.Laboaring Poor ie Lon•
don and its entriiees. The Duke of Sussex took the
Chair at sin n'elochr /ramp the first establisheseat of
this eleemelyeery inatitsition, in 1803, upwards of
12,000 individuals bad been relieved, and in theists
year no less thaw betWeim 11300 and 1700 petunia
had received the bearieetions of this charitable So-.
dry. The whole of the satiscriptioos raised irs,the
course of flie ermieg amounted to Dearly 8001.,
among thee; we obeereed the names of the Duke of
SUMIZI, Lord TORRINGTON, Mr. Basta, . Dtlt. Mat.-
/Aso, and Mr. BANAT Loxes.
Miring a thuider-etrim_ia the neighbourhood of
Aldan, on the 'nth last. but moo whip had taken re-
fit,* ender a tree were err bithe lightning; one
of theai was killed, and the ether; paralysed on one
Tb,'!"les of the sheet of' the latter were torn
sway, •ha ;mired to :twenty Iticis distaste', and
his clititiifilettlt la Oki from fop to baths., but so'
regeltrijr,"*Asi,oe WiAliesh could W 4 have
gtglis sc.

-

1 -

I4V4L INTELLIGENCE.
DEArlatitim 22.--A raved and sailed for Sten
Conk, the Jane, Saudecotob, from Germs,
down from the River and sailed, the Perm,
Templer, for China; Sovereign, Bortors for 17Z
and Bengal; Kate, Smith, for Matta; Weer, Tee-i;
son, for Montreal; Samuel, Hill, for Newfoundlesj
Baltic; Merchant, Cara, for Picton ; and bilma
M'Gregor, fot Smyrna; also came down keel:
River, hit Majesty's ship Dotterel!, and wed*.
Portsmouth.—Sailed also last even*, after peo
the Orwell,- Leech, for China ; and Wesrmeriaws
Cope, for Bengal.—The brig mentioned yea
tird3
as being on the Goodwin Sand, is the Faith, jet
etrell, from Cork for London, Nith provisions; IN
was got off last night by the Deal boatmen, 44
brought into the Downs with trilling damage.
115orramorrn, Aran. t 2.— Passed down Chis 44
the Sealeby Castle, Sotherly, for Chins.--Sailed
Thomas and Mary transport, for Malta; and de
Coriolenus, for London.
FALMOUTH, APRIL 20.—Arrived the %thew.
Clark, from Madras, last from the Cipp,
weeks, for London—parted from the Barton, IN,.
rigors; from Boleti. and the Cape, on the 7th lap.
in lat. 42. W. long. 33. 7. W. all well, bonn4,lll,
so London.---Put in here a Brisham boat,• lids%
Captain, his wife, and sit of the crew of a book
longing to Isubeck, which foundered off Calais, 0a
ber voyage from Ifamburgb to Liverpool; they was
taken oat by a Dutchman, from Amsterdam for Ope,,
to, who arrived off this port this morning.—Silk
the Princess Elisabeth packet, with Mails, for she
Leeward Islands.

LPERPOOL, APIIIL 20.—Sailed the Jane, *ft,
(or liata•ia.
Ilsawscit, Aram 22.--Artived the Jene packs,
with Meth, &c. from-G..ttenburgh.—Saiirtl the Ltd,
Nepeau packet, with Mails, &C. for lielliad.

POLICE,
ARL Ready was charged
with a robbery is the house of Lewd Rolle, in Noe
Grosse nor-street.
Wales, an of leer belonging to this office, stared,
that he saw the Prisoner go down the area of Lou
Rolle's home, and supposing him to be a suspicion
cbaracter, he waited unfit he returned with something
under his coat, which turned out to be the property
of Lord Rolle.---"The Plisoner said be bought it of a
Jew.—He was fully committed for trial.
HATTON•GARDEN..---•Charlse Riley and Jaaes
Jones, two gentlemanly young men, were charged
with being common titterers of coonterfeit coin.
It appeared that hi consequence of some se:picket
*hick Thompson, the constable, entertained of the
'Prisoners, he followed them unperceived from on
place to anoiher,where they passed some money; sod
'et each place the money they had given was bed; be
took them both into custody, and on searching them
found five or six parcels, each containing counter.
felt shillings, coucoaled in the boots of one of the
Peisowers. They were both committed for trial.

1.

•
DUEL PREVENTED. —A meeting was to have take%
place yesterday, in consequence of a dispute at plffy,
between Captain It --,r—s and Mr. B----E-144 Gen-
tleman of fortune; but it wig prevented by the inter•
Terence of the Police. The parties, however, e•etped:
Itteday evening as Mr. Withers, of Siturrditch,
waif, returning from Croydon. through Streatham, at
man having the appearance e* a Gentleman, reclean
to him,, and oflered to accompany him. The 'offer
was accepted, and they proceeded trgether ea fir al,
Briton-common, when the stranger, pulling out a
pistol, robbed Mr. W. of his watch aid 141.

Monday night as Mc. Dawson, a farmer, resiJing
near Barrio, was on his retort' from town. he was
attacked by three men, dressed in smock frocks,
within a mile of Barnet. One of the robbers laid
hold of his horse's reins, and with dreadful improca.
tions demanded his monet. Mr. D. knocked him
down with his whip, when another of the ruffians
snapped a pistol at bins, which flashed in the pan•—
He then spurred his horse, bet had not proceeded
many yards, before another sprung forward and
knocked him off hia horse. The others at the none
time coining up, beat him in a most cruel manner, mud
robbed bier of 301. in Bank-notes.

The markaret season has commenced at Brighton;
the first products of the year were brought in on
Friday, sabots in number, four of the best of which,
we understand, were soon after sent off as so offer-
ing to his Royal flighnows the PRINCE ItIEGENT.
lAst week a ',ming man dropped down dead in the
apartment of a female professor of the science of fore.
telliag.foloro events, residing in the neighbourhood
of Tower-street.

I:X.110R ROW.
flow sweet Sallie, it the thoughts of To..“loTreW•
Wiwi% hope's fairy pictures Might colonel display,.
• -11arewasiee lobes we con from futoHty barrow
A balm for the obi that afflicts Of 10-41tY•
When travellisig atone. quite forlorn. its befriended.
SWeet the hope :hat T..-morrow my wanderiug waken, .
That at brine* then with rare. sympathetic attended,
kiltedl rest oehaisletned. and slumber in pence.
Or w lien from the frieodi.of mx heart long divided,
The food expectation, with joy h..w r. Otte,
Thit from far distant region., h Providence guided,
To—morrow will see ov mast happily meet ; •
W !tea *is days allabour each ether sdeceedis.g.
Which Xi i•th harry and toil how .my unmet,
What pleasure to think as the Istit it reeedii,g,
. • To-snottily will he a sweet sabhath of mt.
And whets the vain shade*, of life are retiring.
• Wheel-life Is fait fleeting, and death is in sight.
The Christian believine. esulein,v, expiring.
Belmlds tt Toemoresa of endless delight.
80, the liifidel dial sorely sees ott To-nsorroir,
Yes he knows that his moments are hattiii,;:orly;
a fetch ran he feel a i.htiot WWI or*.
That his joy and his life must expire With so d.tx.
RICH AIM TL'RNEIL
Blacking Pilanufaetntbill, London-road, .
•
• 71 • DIED.
On Wednesday, at We hou,e io •Wells-row, I.liogton, fre•
Ann Stereo., relict of the late John Stevens, L.q. ut Lure-
street, Ccipplrpte. ' " •
On the 40th initial, tit Wimpole, the Rev. Thomas Shee;l-
- A. M. '
' Oa the 2154 lost. at his residence, Hooter/on, harry
SrJc-
wick. Esq..aged 6S. • •
Or the Fith ult. Mn. S. Ilartopp, wife of the Rev. Suomi
Hottopp, of Dalby. Leicestershire,

:

L 4111" P 1400141 INN 144 1.. D. Mu rs.L. w es*
3r#TesigAs Ottlct, N. 4, Sarliffpjklirt, Fliessalree..
•

. I.
