jig sTAtte.‘iAiAtsi.

DEFENCE 81 3IR FRANCIS BURDETT'S
LR7TKR.
TO TIIF. EDITOR OF THE ST4TESIIRN.

Slill,—Manolth die•r gory assleriolly frost Sir
FRAXCIS BURDETT regretting tb• doctrine of Uni-

venal Suited', )ot I ewe Lis the jusriro to say, that

blv letter is a warm expression of generous and I
/esti feeling, and does his honour, not only as a i
passim', bet as a wan; and I will farther add, that
that letter eight to immortalise his name, if even be:
never had done any thin; else to immortalise it.—l
am sorry, nevertheless, that he wrote it Se hastily,
betas* I ass aware that legal ingenuity can poi con.
*reciting epos words which the writer never in.
reseed. Nevertheless, I am confident, eepposieg
(what I by no means think probable) that this letter
should be submitted to the consideration of • Jury
of good men and true, that no person coming ender
that description, and possessing also a moderate
proportion of common sense, can Ind any other in. I
teethes in the writer bot such as merit lb. appellee
Haas of humane and loyal. I use the word loyal
bete be its ancient and true massing, not according
to that false sod spurious construction, which has
been foisted *pen it. 1..yal is derived from lei (law),
amid its enrolee seceration in alt our old writers is
that of a man attached to the Lam and Constitution of
the Corning, not a man attached I. lb. King, vibe.
they beg according to law, or in violatinn of
it, as oho Simian did. In that fats. prow of the
weed, a Jacobite and a Loyalist may he regarded as
spoil moos. Bit we base certain easaints, Sir, w: II
Anew. in the Conslitetios of this country, which
pre* that these terms, far from being 'pion) TOON a re
fiellisliallittitf. Aral t &NO to these mations the Re.
'aka.* of ICU wan established, and shot, per-
hips, is still more material to the present peeper', it
use Wu, oa these *salmi that the present Family
teas totablished in that seat of pre•eminvece which
bops they will long enjoy. The English Con.
Miterissn, Sir, is nothing else bet a boodle oil
*mime ; one of which is, that he uho is not a tat. 1,
fat King, u no King at tel. Another mailer ex.
*ins what is mesa' by a lariat Mose; it mesas a
ring who governs by law. A third mall* vs-
plains whet a tyrant is—that maxim mph, where
Jams ends towns begins. Now, 1 coaterd that
if the Feld' sere deprived of their undesired
privilege of tweeting peaces's', to divers public
measures, foto would end, ei:rd tyranny would Leib'
—a tyranny equal to that which caused lb* Muse of
&OAST to be driven from the Throe..
The Reader rill see fees Ibis practical espesitiou
of the word loyal, test the Jacobites, as they •oris
called, from their adhering in JANES 11 , in spite of
his setting himself above the Law and the Constitu-
tion, did net deserve the name of Loyalists. Neither
would that term properly be applied to All•

.
"Mess, who were declared Co be traitors on this
ground, that be who is a traitor to the low, is also •
traitor to the King. He Is secesssrily a traitor to
the King, because every K'ng most take a solemn
oath at his Coronation In govern, according to the
socket laws end cutouts of England. And says
Ilk Jives FORTISCUC, he cannot govern in any other
"ay, ergo, the Mlaister who germs in another
way, does shot he can to nuking his master.—
Now the plain end °Woos intention of Sir FRANCIS
Bowmen's Letter is to maintain the ancient laws
*miff ee customs of England against the arbitrary,
the Whams, sod tyrannical ett of retain Magi-
strates of Manchester, who commanded the military
to kill in cold blood • prat number of citizens of
this free state, constitutionally exercising the tight of
di-cossing public measures, is a quiet and peasesble
way. without arms, sad without exhibiting the least
appearsoce or dlepositien to riot or a breach of the
peace. It Is phi% to me, I repeat, that the isten.
lion cf tr FRANCIS CIIRDITT in that L user, for
which h• le west ridirutously Wrest/wit with e pro.
tocotion, is to tiphad 1110 Law gelost the limos*.
lion alike the Nlanchetter Msgistratiot did tosk•
scow the law, and therefore it is a loyal epistle, sc-
owling to the ancient and true mesoittir of that
word. I have used the wariest 'oration the Eog-
lish language affords, in calling this an innoeatiow
epee our libelant laws; had 1 toed the lewd I'r.4-
. is. it might perhsps hate been more proper ; hot
this inanition, as I have called it, was cerisinte an
arbitrary, barbarisms, and tylatoirst act : First, It
was arbitrary, Nome tho People of Eugland 410 not
hold their " ancient rights and free cestorns" Its
the capricioes canstroctioes which the Nianthesta I
Magistrates, or any other Magistrates whatever (the
!stela Judges not excepted) may pleas. to pat upon
those rights and mutants*. Secondly, The set was a
barbarous act, because the whole law of England is
'apposed to be founded on mercy, and by the
Coronation Oath most be administeted in Meacv.
net its the present case, the law (suppodoe them bad
,been a riot) was not " executed in wiry," stud
coosequently it was a barbarous act as all events ;
bat it appeals also to have bees an illegal one. The
applicatiou of a military force is only fur the pur-
pose cf quelling a riot that cannot otherwise be
yeti:ed. Notice most be given to the rioters to die-
pear, is an madible voice, after proclaiming silence;
end if that notice continues to be disobeyed for oaten.
till hour, military force may then be resorted to ;bet,
evert in that case, no greater force must be applied,
and no greater severity practiced than Is necessary is
make these people disperse who had been in vain ad.
manisbed to do so beforehand. 'fbis law as well as
every other law, most be executed is mercy, con-
formably to the Corosialion Oath. But if I am to
believe the accoonts I have had flew the north, sod
particularly del gives of the transaction in the Leeds
Mercury, no satire whatever was givens to the pen-
to disperse; and OS 10 the Riot Act (supposing
ass read), it mast have been in same remote car-
eer, at a distance from the Mario& sad not la the
way soldered by be Act to be done, width is, as near
as the Reader con approach with safety. Besides, it
_ • Is IlereLa of RICH. It. "ear/thaw,/ oaaitatilas tut Lao

ins mule by the 1111Phe Jett.. who iletiored Ih.l it wb
ItighTreasso for ea% tsett.ited rims tor Polliwogs abet, eta op-
Pae Coe Log% "Rosen WU." Ow hayury prints be wbb
may imps ems mf Cetestmeliee nesters beim .et op b she or.''
ittirasy isterre.stiiewi ul Jager.. Fitt this wi.s the wow.—
Taisvitsisp, Clot( -looter, who oar 'he prieriirli time uf
ilip legal pei 'Mit*, woo afictwobeiberd.

does lint apt ear that the reading of the Aet was Ile.'
crsaariiy required by law, for the Act is only to be
read to "unlawful, riotous, and itrwttbuous *atm-
blies ;" her this was a lawful ostembly, and also a
Ipereceohle Isserolitir. There was no pretence therefore
for reading the Art. liut there was malice propence
against the assembly. There was a rowel, and a
wicked design to shed their blond, though tom•
posed of men. women. and children; there was a
ensirerted plan to fall own them treacherously,
whilst unconscious either of basing offended the law,
or being esposed to any personal peril—there was
that, in short, which the law la's down as the dis-
tinction botweeo Manslaughter and wilful Murder.
Thirdly—lt was Weeniest, betmose, as already
hinted, where " law rods, tyrauoy begins."
B. the Law and Constitution of England the P.o.
pie hates right to petition fur redress of grievanres;
sod they meet Welters, be allowed to meet, In order to
discuss them grievances. Hy the samelimar andConstie
Winn it is declared that " Parliaments ought to be
held fratinentl) for redress of grievances'" And by
the same Low and Cwmbran's'', it is declared to he
Fa pert of the Kiwg's ditty, and even a part of hi.
Commotion 02th. " Whenever any public mil.
chief testa in the mho. by and with the consent of
his People in Parliament assembled, thereof to maide
a reined) f"
The assembly at Manchester was called to cond.
der a sultject of great public importance, on which the
Bocolashmongera are very desires. (for obvious
reasons) of preventing the popular mind from
rising itself ; but this it wilt he impossible to dn.—
(The People have an undoubted right to discuss
that subject, being a Mailer of national essourtiosetti:
hot the discussion should be made gliastl) end peace.
able. Advantage ought not to be silken of it to breed
a riot. or to disseminate frogmen rat sediiioe, *either
does it appear that say riot Was created or any tree-
sortable doctrines propagated. If a riot had ensued.
it might have turen pat dogs n bp the flail power. toil
the Meeting allowed in proceed; for. it is Pill) site's
!it cannot be so put down, that "Misery f.,14 • is al•
low ably. No treason bad been pronoonted. or
I tine either; end, if there Lad, the persons from
whom such language proceeded were alone so Ns..
lied ought to have been prs•seretrul and trade air,.
sable to the law. for these their own
• offences. The rest of the persons esaerritilerl wore
net to be debarred the viercise of their consfirutronof
nights, beeves'!" drunkest man, or a fool, or a op k-
ed rascal, ebbs, sloth a puree to lipii•t treason and
5.4411 es in. Het outhing of this kind happened, for
ii.simbly ad not begun to detibei•te, when the'
1 ostarit lo • and biftud •Itscfsea. esaildi.ennsetiefutill it is
obvious ohs it was not to • pros. riulior to brine trea.
a rosier seddi, is.tessinsuse tn. Ifsecellsihriorl. no to
1 law : No ; it was to surratt•it 'he People's right of
diaconate( plastic g ;emir's, soil of petitioning for
1144 redress! Tito at'. k was tau fold ; it consisted
1 of an overt act both etimii al acid sanguinary, arid sot
underhand sod Itessentlillo censp;racy to it wive the
People of their "ancient s'ehts anal free cestoirs ;" iu
short, it meditated the subversion of Ike low ; end
mast again fellelf,l4 byre Isis ends r) tautly begins This,
at least, is Mt hottest opiiiiiiii of the vier. 1 may ham.
ever be mistaken, sod 1 shall be gird to find I am
es
mistaken, for it is a terrible anti heinous olice in
i any wan, or set of men, to bit the plotters of such
1 is kkeduess.

I
I beg leave, Mr. EDITOO, to protest, Wove.
hand, against the false constructions of theme ntis.
chiernas devils, the la wjerh who really seem to
consider our Constitution is en better than a nose of
wax, *Lich they can twitch into whatever folio they
please. It I, a horrible state of slavery that not
only our Ultra and properties, but oar liberties also,
should he espnsed to tie equivocations and pettier
sions of men who sill siphnld any pies, however
false, or make any constinction but the tree one
II protest, therefore, before-hand, ageingt the con.
rraittion which perhaps sem, of these Gentlemen
may put upon this botirr, supposing that I OM the,
approver of all these Meelicga in R•mnill and Pe
libel or Manchester in portholes'. On lb. contrary,
I disapprove of such Meeting. g•neratly ; twinge.
las I hint. d at the coon .encement of this Letter, I
reject the &aline of Uniretral Suffrage. which I
halm they have all, or wally all, aceshlini
Vi hat I nay hers cot.t.ogled f. r is simply the right
of diertr•Sittg public 'derail. es, sod of petiiinidrig
for their redress: thi. is a franehip to which evert
Britain has an anyestionable right ; and I callow
imagine to myself a Winos, g•j• satire than 11e at.
tempt lately made to put dingo that loportettt right
11 lovers, and after thus pallieg down the law to am
ups mints's- power it, its 'I." C"ns'aliaP"fil's I fatly
agree with I, F. BIIIIDETT, that its a grievanre of
such oast magnitude the People might ant to be in.
different; no. Sir. it is their dory to transmit anion.
railed to their children those sacred and inediarabk
rights which have been bequeathed to trim by their
forefathers, not to aim them at their discretkii, but
to hand diem dawn es an heir loom from ttimetation
to 11114•11 the coedition nee perpet7o
11swelore to meet and to disease this ma.ter.griev.
once is, in my honest estimation, 24 pious a prnpn..
*Won as I have already proved it to Les /qui gm..

,
Pcrenit NIP, M. Bohan, 10 quo'. tenni moonily
(this Units heir% *riven in a r• (*,40100 in Lou.
don) 8 pass's,. hew A ciatioa's Cala
itenspoit,.... 0 ! (malts.
The Rights. Ow sbe g...*1•01
Pimapommer&lmix44...ta
By Eno its•wn'a Fotorf dawn
1 it perish i• •oist Moak
BIB; r WILY tessiais it hi your Veiling.

If lbla pious transmission is to take plot", tie People
most mei And I will add too. let he. meet re.
der he same s..lemn irtpressi...l felt by Sir FRANCIS
Beaerrs, and cemmuniestsd in words whirls, per.
hap'. some legal po.rveler of plain lineliab, may
attempt to torn to his infernal imposes. I say his
In eonaeggenco of lb. report I hays heard, of an in-
tended prustentina of Sir F. Liusocrr ; bad I not
beard that report. I should hardly have believed
such I perversion possible. " WWII*, the penalty

•Pr Bill R ghir.
Yee ilw prranthlr to the !laughter Prerfretwo le Mr. Jostire
It AMS I:9 C lIMPCOOIi. lu ohne oremobie it le ~nett, •• Sill
hss one I.tw titie twain mkt kw realm dw.ettr, d.s. wlarts.
ever Nay poblir eti•reeef .httle kept en lathe reeks. the Kies Is
hewn,. It% steno of hl.. oh. by nail with the ;settee red rem-
"
reM of People in Pnritantert ihereet to prossle renterli.
Pte lk Merlon et the People, and tear re knot,
In King nr Pntlinerret. r had, rutting !Ark grietnerte u.e s
ettmentv pre et& se I• I. red.,* ohm, it l lee din of WI
Wag nod 1141i.istrot to allPed Na wady%

I of oar meartirg sill be death by military lion I
know net; hot this I know, a man eels die bat
once, sod gooier better than in 'indite inn .be lase
sod liberties of his country." The letter odds,
tt elapse ibis basfy addreas, I can s'te'ely tell whet
I have written." I sill belief• it, Sir FotawCis'—
` feelings went ton warm, too genteel% ton
philanehoopk, to allow she mea•srement of words;
but 1 know what I sm writing, for I bete bad time
Ito cool, soil I now ropes, the mute word+.
lealtieedly. 1 know something ton of the eights of a•
Englishmen, and I ant content to maintain the•a at
the seen risk. It is very true that • man art
die but once, ■nd it is equally so, that dell deaths
tbe soentea and most demeans is to diet is
•indicalleg the laws and liberties of oar country, et
kelt ea I learnt at school, and I have let entirely
forgotten it, '6 Doke et decoront ed pro perk
mod." Ilene are, however, different ways of dy•
in/. and there is a pestle* Nailede as sett as in
I active one. The leite► beat becomes both my age
and my way of Milking. Christianity use establish-
ed by Mei,* fortitude, and 11111.thd with the blend
of the martyrs. These ontetyes I will copy. No
power on earth could itairoidale and preteot Won
from overdoing what they eloperdoed to be their fell.
eines duties; and no military elocestioners sill pre-
vent me from pervetering in the 'a'rcia• of *hat I
consider to be me political duly. I will not, how-
ever. like Mr. Howl. intrude myself smong potions
Ito whom Ido not ineloog. lam on citizen of West.
mintier, though Mel highly respeciable body have
fr queasily eloo• me the bonnier to noise me to the
celebration of their ennui, festival: but if a Meeting
is held *here I am freeholder. I shall mien!, be
fowled at my post.-1 remain. &t.
Lanka, Asc. M. 1819.
