TRY.

LINKS
Olt A ersrawr vriw OP STOURTOW TOWER.
?friar erected to the Memory of tlie immortal ALFRED, near
Sir Richard Hoar's sea!, at Stourhead. •
hrosu a descriptive Poem not yet published.]
Yonder a scene appears. that may arrest
The Patrim's eye. and shrill his throbbing breast;
There, proutllv glitt'ring in the sun-brains bright.
tiliy tower. tt Stourion ! burst- upon the sight.
• Nall honnar'd column! sacred to the nanse
It Of A Immo, first in noble ranks of fame.
When barbarous legions from the northern strand,
/' Like swarms of locusts burred o'er thy laud,
Planted the Danish Raven on thy shore,
Laid waste thy towns. and dreaded thy fields in gore,
st
Unto ! the wise, the valiant, and the good,
•! haughty foes, 0 Britain ! then withstood;
'With Patriot urn,, os• inglorious fetters broke,
Treed tbv gali'd nevk from slavery's servile yoke;
And• by his cnoncils and victorious sword,
Affrighted Peace unto thy realms restor'd.
Britain ! thy sons, in foul degenerate tinsel,
Wheodark Corruption mood thy trunk entwine,
Like ivy, which, with meretricious alarms.
Rinds round thy native oak its poisonous arms;
When tyranny assumes its scorpions disc,
.i,,And liberty seems ready so aspire,
• Rowed by the aspect of this sacred pile,
Shall read the history of their native isle;
Their eager eye tier former periods cast.
And view what Britain win in ages past;
Revel illnstrions Mistimes glorious name.
A Hastrorm's firmness. and a SYDNEY'S flame;
And, glow in./ with the same immortal tires
Which warm'd the bosom of their noble sires,
Shall, from Ins Senate. vile oppressors drive,
•• Like wasp; felonious, from the public le ye."
Thus. when th' Israelites. at Heaven's command.
Through deans journey in; to the Primus's! Land,
Were. in their way, by fiery serpents sung,
lei/ o'er the dying camp destruclon hung,
Guided by heavenly light, their Patriot Chief
I' An object raited that gave them quick relief—
Is' To the blest Pole they turit'd their languid eves,
*At And view'd the Brazen Serpent with surprise;
And, suddenly relliev'd root ail their ',Jain.
).' .liteiiiving health rusted thr .igh each beating vein.
139118 •
THE CANDID THIEF.
tit " Dodgingihe door of Counsel "Crifeh,"
• . A Thiei o wrv'd 'twas on the latch,
Popp'' in. and quick again popp'd out,
No• s With wig, and gown, and riding coat;
sl Then wrote to let the Lawyer know
That " he had set.% ed him so and so I"
Adding Postscript—‘• I might Isase taken
" COES upon I yvvurroar. and BACON,
" But Law to me's superfluous .tudv.
4` Kr I am rogue enough already !
GLOUCESTER IN AN UPROAR'.

•J remember as well ay my old PoPer-noster,
An tiolage—t• A. sloe Rs that Goo is in Glreater ;"
But of late in that city. l'.e heard the folks ay.
a JIMICe (;ARROW leas hided up—" the Devil to Pay."
Lembiagion Spa.J. B.
