J'

For some days they Wye been speaking of the
nodget f. .r the h ear 181 G, hirlt wi!l be prevented
on *ittiuritity to the Chamber of Deputies. Ve are
assured tont the table of our espesoliture and receipt
will he mope es.couraging than cireullistanees seemed
to pr, mist". Brume persons pretend to know. that al
lite annual expellee, compli-ing the war-charges, will
not amount In BGO millions, and that a sot cessive
dictinutiots will take place esery future year.
Captain Vacri, who left Nantes rot the 29th of
last OClailier, his j..ar as • belt is. Ilse harbour of Mar.
SeillPg. Ile was sent fro the 160 of November to Li.-
boo, a here he wag well let:rived. The Portuguese,
in general, appeared to be touch attached to the
Finch.

EXTRACT OF A PRIVATE LITTER.
" VIENNA, ()►c. 9.—M. de Sturmi, the sou of
the Wet nuncio, has left this for Constantinople: he
is the hearer of she treaties sig:sed at l'aris an the '2oth
November. The treaty of alliance between the great
Powers way spoon to tranquillise the Divan with re.
gartl to the hostit:• views which it appears to ascribe
to iles44. It it even stated that the Russian army
pis ier amittigsrn, on the banks of the Dniester and
the Ps uth, will be dissolved thr.mgh the intervention
of the Courts of London and Vienna."
FitAuceoev, Dec. IG.—A detailed account of the
Prussian arm) Nes beets publitheil. It appears to be
composed of 160 regiments of infantry and cavalry,
without counting Ow battalions sad squadrons in
to-erve, the artillery, the garrison battalions, and the
corps of invalids.

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

THE STATESMAN.

Paris, Dec. 18. 1815.
DREADFUL OUTRAGE COMMITTED B TWO SOL-
DIERS OF THE 95TIt REGIMENT, NEAR PARIS.
The British Army had acquired an excellent chtt.
teeter for discipline and gond conduct, hut recently Bete;Av.!, Dec. 18.--The garrison of Cambray,
these qualities have entirely disappeared, scarcely a where the head-quarters of the Doke of Wellington
bight has passed for severe weeks without some rob- will be fixed at the Pod of this month, will consist
bery Of art of atrocity being committed by them. A of Bor 10,000 men.
Colonel was robbetthy men ofhis own regiment; an- If we may credit the current reports, a change
Mher British officer has stepped in the inreef .by hail been mule in the disposition of the Allied troops,
four Englith soldiers, who robbed and 'maltreated so that not the Prussians, but the Russians, will be
Lim ; and ail Englivb Gentleman who bad been .to ' nest the left wing of the English army, and occupy
take a farewell dinner with some Olfieers"at •lkonta Charlemous, Itncrny, &c. The chain of Allied
tnartre, was stopped on his return, robbed.of three troops from Alsace to Conde will be formed in such
Napoleons, and had his 'coat torn off - big back. a manner, that at all times a very considerable force
These, however, are hut trifles to what happened et may be collected at certain points within 48 hours.
Tavernv, a tillage 15 miles from Paris; brl' 'Monday I In the sitting of the Second Chamber of the States.
last. The 95th regiment. Marching from" Cambrty, General, a message from his Majesty was read,
on account of (he roads beillg too much encumbered stating that to the Convention concluded bttween the
by troops, halted at Tavern)? on Saturday sod Sunday Emperor of Austria and this kingricus. with which
week ;on the Monday evening,,betmeen nine and ten II the State-General are already acquainted, a secret
o'clock, two of the soldiets tiamet-of Walker article wa added, which the ratifirwions being now
and Neale attempted to steal a pig from a Collage jestchanged, it is proper now to publish. This secret
Situated 200 yards from the vithigp, o,,capied, -by a irticle stiptilated that the debts of Austria securetii
poor man named Laurence Qtiedor, his 'telftt. and upon Belgium to the amount of 31,466,679 florins,
daughter; they were in bed, andintaringa itei.e, the' are to be to the charge of the kingdom of the Ape.
man got up, and on opistiing•lif'door,receismi a ;
Ayr audit, the interest to be paid from the Ist of
sabre wound on hit head, he ran back intn November this year by the last power.
the house, followed by the mein, who met the wife,
gave her a sitvere cut on the side of the head, and the
gliding down cut off the right ear; the daughter was
in bed, and the villains thought to dispatch her Where
she by, but only wounded her slightly, being in the
lark. The old Man's business- beiteg•Garde cham-
retre of the Commune, he possessed a gun, which he
Arad, and shot one of the villains through the breast,
the other attacked him, and laid his head open in two
plates, and cut his arm severely, which he had raised
to ward off the blows. The poor people were fol.
lowed out of the house by the savages, and the woman
had inevitably been killed if she had not evaded a
blow, which missing her, cut a stake nearly in two.
The report of the gun fortunately brought one

DUTCH MAIL.

Art. *Ails Dile
O .... ...... ... Hainburgh
I . Holland
4
O ....
0

CU*MINAS DAY.—lfistiday at the Public Ogi.rs.

LONDON:
MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1815.

?nth and ilst, Wefines.
esterday, to4ether with
and this forenoon we
and other Con.

the most interesting.—
given an extraordinary
lent spirit of itstiopend.
'he legislature of France.
ie independence of the

Chamber of Peers on

previously passed by
If Derwin, annulling

.. • • • • P•srie. Dees N. •It its further said, that the escape wale a current and justice; take away your exactions from
ml
trig now reported, that bivalents has succeded
rumour in the French capital, entLhad been publish- people, saith the LORD GOD."
obteieing a commiltetion of big sentonre ; the greatest
su. aid in the Thursday evening Pepers. We have at. Iv
siereions made to•se re ,him. Clarke; War tot- e challenge any man to produce any scriptum
nister, hail beet, his early friend, and is said to have ready observed, that we here received the Thursday that allows Kings, Prince., Governors, or Ms.
used all his.boduence in his favour with the King.— morning Papers, which have no mentor's of any such
gistrates, absolute authority ; and where there is no
The Duke of Richelieu is mentioned as being dere- event; and know nothing of the Paris evening Pa-
absolute authority justly vested, there can be node
dedly favourable to the extension of the Royal mercy, pea.. t . •
and a Privy Council, it is supposed, will (W 4 solute subjection due.
finally de- .
cide hii fiv--niorrrive. rkike, the Minister of War, the French funds had risen on the lOth to 63 ,
St. PAUL has been scandalously expaonded on the
Duke subject of absolute submiseion. St. PAUL, though
became acquainted with Levalette in the tent of Bo- but they fell the next day to 62.
oaPir'a, then simply o Frefich Gentrßi. The pre. 'l'he Flanders Papers mention that the Du
lie had no laws to p'ead in favour of the doctrine he
sent Duke or Feltre st as thee an ernploge in the Ws:Lem:nom is expected to pass a few day sat Bros-
reached, stood up manfully for his own rights.—
%Val. Department, and upon some chilies,. ~t politics eels, in the course of next month, and then to come P
w""le"°""re'll° the Direrr"rYa altrflahllg*dt° fl,' to to London, whence, after making a short stay, his ,When the chief Captain cominalidesi hill to h.
It
sate his was
644
camp, astsi ere° the Grace will repair to the head-rpiarters of the Allied ? scourged, he said in the Centurion, "Is it lassfel for
tent of Itseimparte, their ie the opeiiiiigof kir mile.
ou to scour e a Roman uncondeinned ?" It is m
ty
vary career, that Clarke took refuge, ;nil remained Army at Cambray. g , t
concealed until a new change of parties etiatiled him The marriage of the Prince of ORANGE with the the doctrine of the Gospel or of Jesus CURI3T
to reappear with security. Layalette was then mie Grand Duchess. Aosta Peueowtsa, was solemnly make men slaves. So far from enslaving toe or direr'.
of Iletsparte't Aid-de-Camps, and thus, it is said, I
claimed at toe ',ague, on the 171 h inst. „„it received by ing us of those rights and privileges which we have
commenced an acquaintance to which, at pre‘ent, the public with Warm acclamations. A powder ma- already, it encourages us to procure more liber.
he is likely to be in pert indebted • for: his life.—
si ties and franchises, if we can ra-efi I y and honest-
General Clausel, it is believed, •has effected his te
escape from Fiance. I have beers .assured by a the loss of many lives, and a lire has done extensive ly obtain them. Fur this see Ist Cor. chap. vii. ter.
French Officer Who was stationed in the neightmer- mischief in hielchin, a little town in the principality 21, 221 23. The Christian Religion is that of
hood of Bou;deitue at the time it .was taken by of Miister. Reports coutieue in circulation of en peace and happiness, and enjoins rulers to consult
Clausen, that notwithstanding the boasted zeal of the approaching war between Russia and the Porte. • their people's welfare, as much as it calls on subjects
people of that town, they had opened their gates
Ito obey their rulers.
only to about 7() or WO. gene d'artne. This was the
Ott a day when the Christian world is rejoicing in' .
It is the most fatal error into which zeal can fall,
whole of Clausel's force when he approached it, and
gratitude to (leaven for the unapeekeble bleisings of
this force he had obtained in a way still more extra-when mankind persecute one another for religion's
'ordinary ; they had been dispatched by the Royal the birth of a Saviour, end the considation of the , sake. It was the misery of most of the Protestants
Government to arrest him ; he hail set out for lois Divine precepts which he taught, we may he per- in other countries, as well as those in
Germany, in
Government without single Math ACCOUIIta are misted to examine a little the relation which the doe-It-he beginning of their Reformation to fall under op.
received of the arrival of Grouchy in. America.
trine of theGesepel her, Or ought In have, with the po. pression, particularly the French, Scotch,and Dutch;
litical conduct of men and their Governments. The and it is well known that they ell defended them.
strong efforts now making in almost every kitieorn selves. In Scotland the opposition to oppression
n Europe, to feeder Rs ligion a state instrument of i ended in an Established Reformation of the Pro.
oppression, and the violence which the Protestants testant Religion. In Holland it terminated in an
In France are coffering in their civil rights and the absolute freedom both from the Popish and the
native liberty of their consciences, seem to point out ; Spanish yoke. In France it produced for a time to
the necessity of an enquiry whether the doctrine of ! the Protestants the free exercise of their religion;
Jesus CURIST requires absolute obedience to arbitrary but this was interrupted by the preponderance of the
oppressions and unjust laws. We will here premise Popish faith and its fI eq firm t auts Mary, miPsacre ; and
b the weakness of the ,
y
that it is one thing for men wantonly and without
just cause to oppose the esisting Authorities, and an encouragement to almost every tyranny, bet
another to defend their rights and properties from which wants the power more than the wilt, we peo.,
!SWIM violence and spoliation. Whoever, either sume, to protect ifs subjects, the poor French Pro.
ruler or subject, goes about to invade the testauts are again suffering all the horrors of a reli.
rights of either Prince, or People, and lays the gious persecution, joined to the destructive effects of
a vindictive and sanguinary political hate; nor are
foursdation for overturning the Constitution and
they likely to enjoy the rights of nature and religion,
frame of any just Government, is guilty d. the
until they commend them from their persecutors. We
greatest crime a man can be capable of, hawing to
will not censure the conduct of the French Protest.
answer for all those miseries of blood, rapine, and
desolation which the destruction of Govervensente
ants' for consenting to forego the exercise of those
• privileges for' which so many have died—we pity
brings one country. But, as Bishop Bizocne, in hit
them too much for their multiplied afflictions, led
book r‘ On the trots difference between Christian '
iihjection and Unchristian Rebellion, deditated
deprecate the appearance of civil war in any country • with too trembling an ardency, not to desire to give
to Queen ELIZABETH, in defence of the Protestants •
credit to the statements we have of tranquillity being
of France, against the unjust oppressions of their restored to the places where the professors of the
King," says, 66 Cases may fall out in Christian Protestant faith were in most danger ; hot we take
kingdoms where people may plead their' rights again" leave to add, that he who lets any person what.
the Prince, and not be charged with rebellion. If a ever destroy him, contrary to law, when it is
Prince should go about to subject ' biti 'kingdom to in his power to preserve his life by defending
a foreign realm, to change the form of •the Common. himself, tacitly consents to his own death,
wealth from empire to tyranny, or neglect the laws which he is obliged to defend by the laws of na.
established by common consent of Prince and People ; lure, and therefore is guilty of his own blond, as
to execute Ms own pleasure—in these and other cases '
much as he that destroys him ; whereas by defending
which might be named, if the people join together to himself there can be but one guilty, who is the in.
defend their ancient and accustomed liberty, they may • elder and whose blood, if he falls, lies at his ova
not be accounted rebels." It is unjust and unreason. door. But may that religion, for the establishment
able to assert absolute obedience is due to any but of which some are so zealous in these enlightened
the lows of Con, and to the laws of the land, which ; days, as to shed the blood of their friends and neigh.
is most certainly due, and no otherwise. Govern- boars, teach such men that the spirit of persecution
ment in general, as ordained and instituted by Con, is not that on which Divine Providence can smile,
is circumscribed and limited by him to be exercised and impress on the hearts of indolent Princes that
according to the laws of nature, in subserviency to , 66 he who allows oppression shares the crime."
his own glory and the benefit of mankind. All I
Rulers are confined by the Almighty and Supreme
Sovereign to exert their governing powers for pro-
moting the safety, welfare, and prosperity of those
over whom they are established. Whoever refuses
to govern for these purposes ceases to answer the end
fur which his authority was instituted. "His children
and servants ye are whose work ye do." Ile therefore,
be servant of GOD who does the work
toed King has acknowledged that the
him—even the Roman Emperors Gr-
and the same principle and notion
ins obtained an atoisg in civilized
?rent doctrine, however, is spring-
and all who oppose the Diiine
ass to give what constitutions and
to their subjects, nay, even to lord
sciences, are pronounced rebels. It
,w men, not naturally food of
mintain maxims so pernicious to
for if this doctrine had always oh-
lyted all men to its belief, we and
Id have been miserable under ty.
sit, and oppression, to this day.—
ing needs not an army to ruin and
The folly or indifference of man-
(or him.
mantled the yoke of subjection to
II of Princes, 'ids strange that
rpliets, ELIsIIA or ELL/ AU, nor
Inn with his folleoers, nor the
Arlo, some of whom were not the
imitive Christians, after their re-
fished by laws,—nor any of the
the Reformed Churches, should
of this command. The truth is,
misgovernment have ever bees. dc.
s vengeance. " Thus said) the
suffice ye, 0 Princes of Israel
,nd spoil, and execute judgrneut

By advice, from Milan of the 6th instant, we !earn
the extreme impolicy of the Court of Austria, in at-
tempting a total revolatinu in the judicial proceedings
throughout the whole of her Italian dominions. The
Code in the native language 1;:t, been aboiished,autl
German Code is to be substituted fur it. The t *elf;
Italia!: Judges have been removed, without pension of
provision, and all equal number of German Juri)tv
have been nominated to previde in the Tribunals.--
During the protracted usurpation of NAPOLCON, no-
thing of (his species of devpotism was introduerd
into Italy, and it has occasioned a very disadvantage-
ous comp trison of French and Austr authority,
which, in the prevent state of Istiou ledge and im-
provement, will be deeply felt, and loudly dechli°J.

As the manner of executing criminals in France co
f.trongly revembles midnight murders, no notice he•
ing given of time and place, av is usual iu this cow,-
try, it is imposhible to speak es to the fat.• of Lar.t•
:Arm His daughtor iv married to Sii Gi:o. Pao-
corr, uncle of Mr. PRESCOTT, bankor, of this me-
tropolis.

Cn►at. Cox. ix HIGH Ulm —Au elopement 144
recently taken place, which, we bitHerit to say, WO
itivaleed in deep dirreas several noble and highly
honourable families. The Eddy is young, beaulit."ll
the mother of several children, and wife of a di,-
anguished officer. The galle:►t is old enough to h"
her grandfather, a married man, bigh in the Peersr,
and of lug. fortune. His fortune con' he no eh-
jert to the Ledy--of his person she could not
enamoured. By what charms or what spells 1.0
Lordship has been able to accomplish his vile purpose,
remains to be explained.

At an early hour on Wednesday morning last, 6,0
was discovered in the new Exchange Buildings, und.t
the staircase, adjoining the Underwriters' roam•
Fortunately it was extinguished without any mate•
tin, injury. %%ben we reflect upon the impnrtsno
and Pk tent of Ibis tiob:e pile of buildings, of' 'hui!'
der at the idea of the dreadful comequences
might hare ensued, had it not been for the eitedimo
of some hulk-00;11%; and ofouPin particular, Whilt"
name we forbear to mention, a; we should mil
speak from hearsay.—(Livrrpool Mercury.)

. nee de
of the Others to the spot, who arreved-the two not be accounted
Men ; and the one is now in irons, and the other !able to assert aim
is not expected to recover from the wound. I The Paris Papers, of the 20th and etst, w the lows of Cron°
saw the poor people yesterday, they are both most day and Thursday, arrived yesterday, together with is most certainly
by
dreno adfu
means considered out acked about the head and arms
The Officers ; they are Dutch and Flanders Mails ; and this forenoon we : mitt in general,
of
have received the Rhine 31crcuries, and other Con-
,
' is circumscribed a
of the regiment have behaved very kindly to them,
given them money, and seen they have surgical aid; tinental Papers to a late date. I according to the I
! and it iv hoped, while a severe example is made of The French affairs are still the most interesting.—' his own glory at
the ruffians, that the poor creatures will receive some The Chamber of Peers has given an extraordinary Rulers are confirh
, etermatient relief, ordered by the Duke of Welling. proof of the existence of a latent spirit of Woven& Sovereign to exer
ton. The shirts of the Man and woman are covered
with blood, as if they had been steeped in a pail of ence in, at least, one part of the legislature of France. ' mating the safety,
question relative to the independence of the
it, and both the house and yard testify the savage The
over whom they a
ferocity of the soldiers. The regiment is much scan. Judges was discussed in the Chamber of Peers on
to govern for chess
clalized at the event, for it enjoyed the best repute- the 19th, and the resolution previously passed by for which his 'nth
14 Lion of any regiment in Paris. the obsequious Chanther of Deputies, annulling '
'
e. The Deputies are at open war with the Govern.
that independence, by making the Judges and servants ye art
removable
and he only, is the
ment, they have refased to lend themselves to pro-
t the pleasure of the Crown, ant rejected by a ma-
. jects bearing the semblance of moderation, hut con. i a.
of more than two to one. This is a most sea. of Gnu. Every go.
1 sealing the most violent vengeance. The fate of :Vey 1.16'4
has inspired great interest. it is complained that all ; saimitik diva to the rapid course of that infatuated laws were above h
established forms were violated. rust, the Chart disposition which would place all those securities on knowledge(' this ;
confessed by the King himself; second, the amnesty,' which depend the lives, liberties, properties, and of Government hr
solemnly engird by the Duke of Wellington, and . happiness of a nation. at the feet of despotism, and nations. A differ
shuffled off by his Grace for reasons not difficult to fa- invite destruction to every thing that is enlightened tug up in our dap
thorn ; thirdly, the Chamber of Peers refused to listen
of Sovere
, established, and free. 5 Right igt
to his legal means of defence; and lastly,in his eitecu-
lion, vengeance could tint 'wait from midnight till ' The Chamber of Deputies have not yet made their laws they please to
Amnesty as proposed by the break of day to inform him of hip sentence, and in- . Report on the Law of it over their conscii
stead of a public execution he was shot just as he Duke of RICIILLILU. is wonderful hoe
I would have been assassinated, in a large plain, with
A curious report was brought yesterday from
tm eye tn witness it, save those appointed to carry . ,
Brignton respecting Lav %LETTS. It was positisely slavery, should ms
the sentence into execution ; lied here too the forms
human society,—fo
of law were violated to gratify private vengeance.— asserted by passengers arrived in the Duke of Wellin.• tai" erl and prosely
The duty of military execution devolves nit the Gen. ton packet, from Dieppe, that Lava LETTE had made hi all Europe should
darmes or veterans, on this occasion soldiers of the escape. Thepersons who brought this report left Pa-
minty, superstition
regiment of La Roche Jacqueline were brought el- ris on Friday, and state the particulars of the escape At this rate, a Kit
presslv to Paris to glut their vengeance in the blood thus:
the wife of LAVALETTE had, on Tuesday,through enslave his people.
of a Marshal of trance.
the interest of the Duchess of ANGOULEME, been ad-
The King issued a coinage of '2O and 40 franc kind will effect it fa
milted to an audience of the king, who found him-
If Goo hat) snort
will
pieces, its which he refused to base the name of the
the tyrannical
engraver, Tioller, on the esergue : but all his 1111-
self compelled to reject her prayer for mercy. She
thority will not make them current; and they are obtained, however, the permission to see her hos- neither of the Pre'
now oloti4etl to he called i and the fact acknow-
n, band unreservedly, and without witnesses. She went AZ Ant %11, nor DA
' I !edged that they are not a legal tender I
--7 ill conse neeice en Tuesday and NVednesda several
i q Y Jews under their Ki
t 1,46,, Dm 19. times to visit him, and each time in a different dress. best,—nor the prix
A most extraordinary order has been given here On the last occasion of her going site induced LAVA. HO" Will establis
i relative to the shutting up of the Gardens of the /ATTE to escape in a female dress, and herself re. ancient Fathers, or
..
' I. oxembourg and of the Thui
"ies—the excuse is, mained behind in the prison. A'onut an hour after. net have known of
bad weather; but we had bad weather in the time of .
wards the scheme was discovered, but though the that oppression and t
. . Roisespiorre and Bonaparte, and still these gardens
strictest search was instituted, and the passports of flounced by divine
were slot closed front the public. The fact is, the
• ' police is afraid of an) considerable number of persons all Persons leaving Paris were minutely examined, it Loan Coo, let it s
is said that LAVALE ITS was uot found. I remove i
~. meeting or assembling together. voleuce am
~. 1
-:...
, . ..... , - • - •
