,

N ° 4 •
%ACV
. 741

7.14
bake D'Aogouleme, as tlaty to Joseph
and confess their utter impotence to make
any fesistalice I—and the other, because they have had
Abe atidacitrto think they baveleny right to resist a Fe:
:reign dietatioa. The :Ste calls them '• desperate lids!"
the other impudent rebels !" But is it quite so certain
that they. have so menu of resistance ? An attempt bas
been made to deprive them of all resources, but has it
succeeded so completely? We think not;—and we are sut e.
that whatever a dastard, or treacherous policy might have
dictated to the contrary, that the Cortes have MIT on
their side ; and that hitherto theylave evinced courage,
devotion; and magnamity, fo their management of the
hi:portant trait which is deptisited in their hands. It may
snit those who Would not have bad virtue enough to have
resisted a,Foreign Invader to such an extremity, to rail
against the resolation of the Cortes, as useless temerity :
but a brave ands wise man will never give op his sword
until it is struck out of hie hand.

'PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK'
Bank St** - .... • .223 t I India Stock 2361
11per Ct. Red '631 II Ditto Bonds.. •.48s. 60s. pia
ip.Ct. Coos • ' WIWI NR.BRI.Id. / fits 27. __, lis.
3i per Cent, ~....96,i 96 10004. S . P
4 per Cents lOOl 100 --6001. ..- 253272 pat.
New Fours .. ...101/ 100 —Sasall—sll632o. pa.
Long Ann .. .. 21 1-16 f LOtteryTlekets ..... 141.141
latp.3 pow Ott. ,
....,:. I coa.for Aeot. • .*.84 NI Mit

PARLIAMENTARY COMMENTARY.
The third reading of the Bill to repeal the Spitalfields
Act came on last night; and though the discussion was
short, it will be found interesting. We hive great plea
sure in one novelty in our duty; and that is to return
Our thanks to the LORD CIUNCILLOI for his conduct
upon this occasion. It does him the highest credit ;
and in the promptitude of our approbation we trust he
will see that we are disposed " to praise a courtier, when
" we can ;" and that be has nothing to do, but to " find
" the virtue, and we'll find the verse." Lord Bexley,
that is, (Mr. Yansittart, that was) moved the third
reading; and gave the petitioners agiinst the Bill great
credit for their loyalty, and good behaviour; but, on-
for them, by his deep research, be had disco-
vered that they had been loyal "fourteen years before
" the laws which it was now intended to repeal bad been
" enacted;" and be wisely lnferred,that as they bad been
loyal fourteen years longer than bad been supposed, the
existing laws could not have had any effect in prodoe
ing, or in securing their loyally. We should as soon think
of fencing with a child, who did not know a rush from a
foil, as of arguing with a .man capable of potting such a
proposition before us. His Lordship repeated the hun-
dred-times refuted error, that tbe silk-trade had th.creased
in London, while, on the contrary, it has materially en-
creased, and is env-eosins. His Lordship fell headlong,
into another fallacy, and called it an argument. He said,
the masters could " at any time render the existing Act.
"illusory, by an agreement to limit the quantity of work
" put into the men's hands; for by reducing their work
"their receipts would be as effectually redriced as if their
" wages were lowered." This Ex-minister of Finance
should remember that it is not the option of the master,
but the demand for articles, which regulates the work
put into band ; and besides, that there is some difference
to a workman, though it may make none to Lord Bex-
ley, whether he work eight hours, or sixteen keen, for
the same sum. His Lordship treats us yet with another
false proposition. He adds, that " trade cannot flourish
" whiteouts proportionate improvement in the con di tion of
"the men." Mr. Peel can tell him that trade, in the
STATXSIIIIN'S acceptation of the term, has flourished
the most, when the labourers have beeri driven to produce
the greatest quantity of goods at the lowest price, and been
steeped op to the ears in the bitterest privations,that the list
of exports might be swelled to the largest amount. Really
Lord Bexley should learn the ordinary rudioients of
policy, before he nodertakes to play so conspicuous a part,
in legislation. Earl Harrowby took the same view of the
question, which we have been continually holding up to
the public. He saw that trade might be increased, with.
out increasing the advantages of tie labourers ; and he
felt that the content of the people is the only parent of
the tranquillity of the State; and he moved that the Bill
be read that day three months. Lord Liverpool, with
more dexterity, "ndertook to walk over the hollow and 1,
dangerous ground, on which Lord Bexley had stumbled
so atikwardly. We congratulate his Lordship on the
recovery of his good temper. He bore testimony to the
uniform loyalty of the silk weavers ; but he did not stop
here. " He knew not of a body of inhabitants at all
" times more loyal, orderly, and peaceable, than those of
" Btatuteonaw." Neither did be "know of a more
" loyal place in the kingdom than MANCIIESTER
" although persona who did not know the circumstances
" of former events, might have conceived a different
" opinion." This is a recantation, on the part of his
Lordship, which he may redeem from the supposition that
it was oily a little Parliamentary cant, by proposing that
the Session should continue a week longer, in order to
give him an opportunity of moving for the repeal of
the remainder of the SIX ACTS, which must be utterly
useless, as well as disgraceful to his administration, if
Manchester and Birmingham are so well affected to his
measeres; for that of course is the only test of loyalty
with a Prime Minister. His Lordship supported the
third reading, because the Bill stood upon sound pri,sci
pies. This, perhaps, he did far the sake of the novelty
of the matter ; for we never remember his supporting a
Bill upon sound principles before; but, unfortunately
his general policy is so bad, that to mend it .with any
thing good, is like mending a rotten garment with new
cloth: the patch only makes a larger rent. This kindness
will probably make a deep impression in Spitalfields. He is
so convinced that a measure which must reduce thei r loaf to
half a loaf, (if it should leave them that) will do them so
much good, that he is ready to force it upon them at all
hazards, and, in spite of their silly prejudices in favour
of better living. It will promote their real interests, he
tells them : and, of course, their real interests, must, in
that case, be a slavish dependence upon their employer..
for whatever remuneration it may please them to be-
stow! Why does not Lord Liverpool carry his sowed
tioo r fix
differedthe afrnototou otth
eopf
rihmese wiaigniesste!r
wTi
thhe
principles into effect, as it relates to hit-self, and leave
hLoisr (intern cse
infinite pain.;" and this pain on his part, gave us
" infinite pleasure ;" and we cordially thank him for the
remark, that
." it was not only necessary to consult the
" interests of men, but •that they must be made to feel
Tbere is as odd similarity of views at present between "that those interests bad been consulted." Alen would
not like to be thrust into Paradise on the point of a
pituchefeowrk :—reanedi aftere a% a journeyman weaver is likely
the two widely opposite parties. who hold the opposing
own interests. 3 than opinions that Spain arena make any effectual resistance;
fund that she ought not to do so. The one abuses the tpoloyer, or Lord Liverpool eaenlieeither his stn.
Cortes.beessee they do not present themselves cap In by kaylog, that be should oppose the tkirr2recalTitnedg:
. .
• • • .
• •

Chit

StatesmL

THURSDAY IVINING,. JULY I 7 ma.

STOCK EXCRAIINKR, 12 o'CLoen.--,Console opened this
morning at 84 and went down to 831, but are now 8441,
with a brisk market. The rise in the above Stock, is
'attributed to the supposed character of the King's speecbi
at the closing of Parliament.
One express has arrived from Paris,but. The price of the
French Rentes has not as yet transpired: We do not
bear any news of importance froM France.
FORKION FUNDS.—Spallieb Bonds opened at 33, kV
totted to 321,, and rose again to 33/1. . . •
French Scrip keeps steady at 4t.'
New Spanish, 33i I—New Prossir,SSF=Thtsala,
WA AL—Neapolitan, ?bi--Colombia, tail.

#rankfort papers. of the lOth infant, have arrived this
'morning. By these we have accounts from Constanti-
envie of the 10th of June. Owing, it appears, to the ri.
your of the Aga of the Janissarlee, who everyday, with-
out exciting disturbances, causes some disorderly person
to be strangled, public tranquillity has been preserved in
that city; but the difficulties to which European vessels
are exposed in their navigation, continue to•be very pre-
judicial to the merchants. All the European Ministers
have in vain attempted to put astop to these ►exations
proceedings. Nay, two European Brokers have been
seized, and notwithstanding the remonstrance of their
Ministers, have received the !mulled°. At that moment
13 vessels under different flags were detained at the at-
sepal. An article from Odessa, of the 19th of June, '1
which brings news from Constantinople of the 14th, ad-
verting to the continuance of these violent proceedings,
observes that the Turks, fancying that the' European
Powers are wholly engaged by the affairs of Spain, daily
become more arrogant.
The Captain Pacha had effected his junction with the
Algerine Squadron. He was cruising between Scio,
hlytilene, and Tenedos. The Greeks resolutely await his
appearance, at Samos, Hydra. Spezzia, sod liners, and
they are said to have made extraordinary preparations
for defence. It is reported that the Captain ?ache has
entered into negociation with the Greeks, through Mr.
Hamilton, Captain of the Cambrian frigate; but, it is
observed, that, considering the present temper of the
Greeks, it is not likely they will lead to a favourable
result.
An article from Trieste, dated June the 27th, says, an-
other Vessel has arrived in a'neteen days from Smyrna,
which brings news that the Turkish fleet has been seen
near Capo d'Aro, anti treats as an enemy every ship that
come near it, out of fear of the Greek fire ships. In
Samos and Hydra it is said the women have taken arms
and sworn to prefer death to slavery. The Oriental
Spectator of the. 23d of May, gives the Greeks an:
army of 40,000 men.
From Switzerland we learn that the Minister of
Foreign affairs had received despatches from the Royalist
Regency of Spain, expressing a wish to cultivate the
friendly relations which subsist between the two coun-
tries. The Directory communicating these-despatches to
the Cantons, invites them to give to their Deputies to
the Diet sufficient instructions to deliberate on the sub-
ject.

We have this morning received New York Papers to
the 224 alt. Baltimore to the 21st, and Charleston to
the 21st.—In the latter we have an extract, of a letter'
from Havanna, of the 9th of Jane, by which we learn;
that Ituibide is said to have carried %kb him, from
Mexico, i numerous retinue and much treasure ; and that
the British armed vessel, the Tamar,frona Vera Cruz, with
some millions, nu just sailing fur England. At Ha-
vanna there bad been heavy rains, and the fe►er was
increasing.

A New York Paper of the 19th 'of Jone,contains the fol.
losing extract of a letter from an officer of the Cayenne.
dated St. Thomas's, May 30:—" ►t is with extreme re
%ret that t have to inform you of the 'death of Mr, John
Dix, at Cape Mesurado, on the 16th of April. We have
I lost many of our officers and crew by fever ; in the whole
about 33 of the crew."

A letter from Curacao, of the 81st nit. says,
A Vessel rarrived this morning from Coro,
reports that Morales has been obliged to aban.
don Maracaibo, and is now hailing his troops
towards Porto Cabello; bet his Intention is to embark
at Coro, for which purpose it is said he bas seat for
the frigate and sloop of War, which lately captured the
two Patriot Corvettes, to come down and take himself
and troops on board."

,4

. n,'

a i
