with the Swedish harbours.

The Quail schooner arrived on Thursday, in
Leith Roads, from Heligoland, which she left on
the 2d inst. She brings further reports of advan.
tages having been gained on the Danube by the
Austrians over the French.

The Austrian official account of the battle •f
Aspern has been received by Government, and
will appear in the Supplement to the Landon Ga-
zette of this evening.
Government has at last taken into considers.
don the distressed situation in which the women
and children of our brave soldiers will be placed,
by not being permitted to accompany their bus.
bands on the present Expedition, and have ordeg
tad, that a certain proportion should be left in the
barracks occupied by the respective regiments,
and allowed to draw the same allowance as a like

'umber of men, and those beyond the regular
proportion are to be allowed a sem of money
for themselves and children, to repair to their
homes.
The public may rest assured, that General
FERGUSON only declined serving in Portugal,
and assigued the climate as the reason of his re-
fusal.

The Captain and crew of a Portuguese trading
vessel in the Chinese seas, were lately redeemed
from the slavery of the Ladrone pirates by the
benevolence of several European merchants.
HENRY FITZ.CLARINEE, second son of the
Duke of Cs.aaaoct, arrived, on Sunday, at
Bushy, after an absence of fourteen months, as
Midshipman, on board the Superb, of 74 guns,
Admiral ILZATF.E, in the Baltic. Daring that in.
terra!, the vessel has been frequently frozen up in
the ice, and the most serious apprehensions were
entertained for her safety.
A Noble Lord met with a rode reception from
one of the Volunteers, aCthe late 6re in Conduit.
street. His Lordship was anxious to get to Mr.
Norm's house, and he told a Volunteer, who
opposed his progress, that he was a Peer of the
Realm. The Volunteer smartly replied, " Ido
not know a Peer from a Pickpocket when I am on
my duty, so stsud back ; your appearance is not
necessary."

On Sunday morning, during Divine Service, a
gentle JUSICA, of the tribe of BINJAMIN,
gently attired, did public penance in the Church
of S;. Paul, Coveut.gardcti, for calling a Christian
neighbour by a name, which is odious to every
woman of reputation. The crowd on this occa.
sion was extremely great, and the fair offender
*pint the establi►hed rules of politeness was fol.
lowed home, after the exhibition, by a long train
of spectators.
The LORD MA Ton will hold a Court of Com.
mon Council at Guildhall, tomorrow, at twelve
o'clock.

The annual prizes given by the Representatives
in Parliament for the University, value 15 gnineas
each, are this year adjudged to Messrs. H. F.
Astute and G. Button, of Trinity College,
Senior Bachelors; and Messrs. T. S. Hennes, of
St. John's, and C. J. BLoomrtELD and W. CLARK,
Of Trinity.college, Middle Bachelors.
The Rev. J. Kilts, A. M. of Scarborough, has
been presented, by the Lean CHASCOLLOS, to
the valuable Rectory of Tbwing, in the East-rid.
ing of York.
Dr. lIEBSIDEN, late Fellow of St. John's.eol.
lege, Cambridge, is appointed Physician to the
King, in the room of Sir Geoftoi BAKER, whose
death was announced last week.

Saturday morning a duel was fought in a men.
dow adjoining Plymouth Dock, between Captain
Forth and Lieut. Cooke, both of the First West
York Militia, the latter of whom was shot
through the thigh, but the wound is not considered
dangerous.
Yesterday morning, between seven and eight
o'clock, u a man of the name of Taylor, who
was gardener to Mr. Elliot, the brewer, of Pim.
lief), was passing through Brewer.street, appa.
rently in good health, ho fell down, and was
picked up by some persons passiug at the time,
and asked if he had hurt himself: he answered in
the negative. lie walked on a few paces further,
and fell down again lifeless.
LONDONDERRY.-..A requisition has been circu.
lated through this county, signed by a number of
respectable Linen.merchants, for the purpose of
calling a meeting of linen-merchants, traders, and
manufacturers at Londonderry, on Wednesday,
the 12th of July, to take into consideration the
best means of giving employment to the number of
manufacturers and 'thus nom unemployed, from
•the present mart* of flax; awl also to adopt
amens, if possible, to alleviate the distveso of the
great mass of the lower orders, who most liiro-1
sifter be destitute of employment, from the presentl
appearance of the fax crop, owing to the intro.
duction of unsound jfax.seed. kis expected that
the Gentlemen of landed property in the county,
being particularly interested in a trade VI essential
to the welfare of the people of Ulster, will come
forward on this occasion.

'AN.

CO LONS Ls WARDLE.

common with the rest of my coun-
trymen, I beheld with admiration the efforts of an
individual directed against that mass of corruption,
which has so long paralyzed the energies of a
mighty Monarch, and his faithful People. Un-
daunted by the host of enemies which beset him
on every-side, undismayed by their threats and
insinuations, he proceeded, confident in hopes of
success, and triumphing in the justice of his cause.
From that moment, every reflecting man saw that
all the weapons which the blackest hatred and
revenge could work up, would be used to blast
the reputation of this intrepid Patriot. Indeed
had he lived in the South of Europe, he would
have been taken off long ago; but corrupt and
slavish as we are grown, we have not yet come to
that pass. There are not, thank God, any bravoes
in England. But some of their malice has
at last found a vent, and now we may see
in their true colours the weakness and wick-
Woos of their course, when they are driven
to such miserable shifts as to corrupt and bribe
that very person whom they have a thousand times
called the most lying, base, and worthless, that
e►er existed, and whose evidence they have as
often declared would be unworthy of credit in any
Court of Justice.

do, Sir, contend, in the face of all the Crown
Lawyers, with Sir VICAUT at their bead, that the
evidence by which the Jury in a late trial were led
to the verdictbey gave, was ioadmiuible and in.
*sufficient for that verdict. And I do it on the
following grounds :

1. The chief witness for the Plaintiff was a
party interested in his success ; for if he had not
obtained a verdict, she knew that she must pay
the money herself. Here some one will say,
66 You forget that her release, fell and complete,
was granted by the Plaintiff's Counsel ;" tree, k
was ; but nut till after they had obtained frees
her that evidence which they wanted: '• but then
she might have retracted," replies another—and
was it then to be expected that this " Leader of
Generals," would retract any thing she had said?
Nov No! though we have seen some of her Q.
een making this false step, their Leader is not to
be so easily caught.
2. The other witness stands, in many respects,
in the same situation. lle is the brother and
par'ner of the Plaintiff—that is, as far a' his
interest is concerned, he is the Plaintiff himself ;
I therefore do contend, that his evidence could not
legally be received in Court, fur as he employed
Counsel, and spoke through them, he could not,
by any means, be heard in his own cause. But let
us suppose, for the sake of argument, that his
evidence might be received, still I contend that it
goes for nothing, inasmuch as he stands " in loco
accusatoris." So we see that there was in truth
but one witness, and that *sinters a party inte-
rested. Besides, if she had been purely disin.
terested, her character was such, that her indi.
vidual evidence had already been rejected by the
united wisdom of the Empire, in a case of infi.
nitely greater importance to public justice.—
And this is the evidence on which we are
called upon by the ',slots of the present
age, to despise and cast off a man who
has hazarded every thing in our service—
an evidence which stands entirely slime, and of
which I defy any Lawyer in Westminster, to thew
so a precedent—au evidence by which any
W—e, driven by private pique, or large bd.
lusty, may pillage the property and injure the
character of an honest man. Only let us suppose
that any Mr. P was to accompany Mrs. C.
and her gallant in their close carriage, to see the fine
gewgaws at the Jeweller's on Ludgate-hill. "O,"
says Mrs. C. " what a handsome necklace this
is; and that service of plate, it really surpasses
any thieg I have ever seen; how du you approve
of it, dear P ? come, speak, you need not be
alarmed, nobody knows son here;" " 0, 'tis
beautiful, magnificent," answers P , " you
must have it by all means." Thus poor P—,
is drawn in to pay for a service of plate, he hardly
looked at, and never dreamt of giving to the Allis.
tress of his Friend.
1 have the honour to be,
Yuurs, &c.
A REFORMER.

Gray's- m, July 10, 1809.

The Mails from the Mediterranean have brought
an account of an expedition fitting out at Sicily,
under the command of the gallant Sir J. STUART.
The following is an extract of a letter from a Bri.
flab Officer on that Island, dated Melarzo Camp,
near Messina A pril U:
" We understand thatan expedition will shortly
sail from hence. Our garrison consists of a train
of artillery, the 10th, 44th, 27th, and 81st re.
jiments of foot, one brigade of grenadiers, and
another of light infantry, WarrEvar.a's and Da
Rota.a's regiments. About 4000 of us are en.
camped, and cruelly hot it is. In the harbour
there are 40 transports, as well as ordnance and
hospital ships. Reports are very various. Some
say we are going to Calabria and Naples ; others,
that 5000 men are to join the British forces in Por.
tugal. Our soldiers are in high health and spirits,
mud extremely anxious to meet the enemy once
again in the field. Brig.-Gen. CoLl is gone
home, on what account is not known."
We find from the Paris Papers, that the expe-
dition has since sailed. An article, slated Naples,
the 14th last, states, that the expedition from Si.
oily had just passed by that place.

SLOW AND SURE.

In planning Expeditions 'gaient the foe
Our Ministers are ever suer, though duo,
Each Expedition meets a common fate,
Stow le depart, and cure--to be too late.

IRISH CATHOLICS.

At a meeting of the General Committee of the
Catholics of Ireland, held in Dublin, 47 Cape!,
street, on the Mb of July IRO9,

The Earl of Fl Y ; L, la the Chair ;
Remotest; —That a Committee, corektinp of the
lie Peers, and of twenty one Gentlemen, to he chosen by ha,-
lot, be forthwith appointed to emery logo etoct the Revolu-
tions of the late aggregate meeting; and that they do npurt
their procoediags to the General Committee, on the *coed of
October nett. when their powers shall expire, ortiew renewed
by the (*.metal Committee; and they are in the Irwin time
authorised, whenever it shall appear to them nere=earv, to
direct the Secretary total! a Meeting of the (leper,' Com-
mittee, and that every eneotry gentleman of tie ticlerzi
Committee may attend the Sib-Committee.
Res:OW/ZS—That pablic notice and private marmontr, b-
lotted. anmomciog to the member of this body the day ap-
pointed for the nert meet*. for the perpow of reporting tl.
petitior prepared to Parlarneat.
A ballot and scrutiny to ascertain the member% of the Stilt-
Committee took place accordingly.

FOiliAßn HAY, Secretary.

NAVAL iNrELLIG E NCE.

Poarssioserw, JVLY 10—Sailed the Turin, Captaia
Davies, for Oporto, with as Olcer ao I?aird; Redpole,
Captain Joyce; Hardy, Gambier, and Sprightly. he the
Noce, with seamen; the Centaur, of 74 gees, Captola Webly,
and the Venerable, at 74 gam, for the Dowse; the Wu-
Bash stoteohip, for Woolwich; and the Raleigh, Captain
Saver, on a noise.
Went out of harbour the Magnet, Captain Smith, and the
Persian, Captain Colman.
The tail division of the troops for the Erpedition have
cease in to-day; but they have no orders to embark.

Ga AVICSEXD, 10.—Sailed the William, Ostk, for
Madeira; Hector, Hector, for Tenerife; the Perseverance.
Crain, fur Sesille; and Phasoir, Stewart, for

DE A L„ir LY 13.—Arrived frost the River and Killed, the
Fame, Duncan, forJansaiea.

Sailed his Maiest)'s ships Blake, Repulse, San Domingo.
AnJations, Victories*, Theseus, and Demean., co a cruise
sit Flushing.

NAVAL PROMOTIONS, Itc.
BY ■IS tILCSLIANCY SIII SIDIFAILD 1111‘&1319 •ART.

Dlr. Hager. Midshipman of the Atbiss, to be Lieutenart
of the Modem., vitt Drury, &teased.
Mr. Jibe Faker, dn. of ilk (ARUM'S. Lieutenant of the
Terpskhore. eke Lawrenre, dew:ord.
Mr. tieorre Oraisteor, do. Cailodea, Lieutenant of the
Preerit, vice Hooper. deceased.
Leeeterint K. W. 0. Feting, do. Cominander of the
Dasher, vice Stewart, deeenved.
Cupful* James M. Gerdes, from the Prarris, Captain of
the Powerful.

Lieutenaut R. Mauoseil, from the Blanche to the Procrii,
♦ice Gordon. _

h:r. JameOrmond, Mid•biproar, to be Lieutenant of the
Fox, vice Hogrrbot, irrear.ded.
Mr. Edward Lyo.w, do. of the Barratoota, taw Logan,
Invalided. _ _ _

Mr. J. Urvrv, do. of the Russell, to be Lieutenant of the
Terintetore, vice Tahoe, deceased.

REMOVALS.
Lieut. Henry Drury, from the Coronalik, to be Admiral
Drury's Fl3f Lieut.
Lieut. R. Spencer, from t Russel to the Cornwallis. sire
Drury.
Lieut. J. J. Cowin, from e Samara's to the ht. Fiorenro.
vice Lewin.
Capt. Oa. Harris,from the Barr:waft to the Drake, vice
i Saad
. W. Weft, from the Blanche o the Barman*
vice orris.
Lit*. J. Allan, from the rot to the Caroline, vice hplik,
isvalided. -
Lieut. J. Welwyn, to be Sir Edward Pellew's Flag-Lieu-
tame., vice Friths, 'roasted.
Lieut. C. Paten, from the Caroline to the Culbwiro. vice
Weal) O.
Lieut. E. Stopford, from the Phobos to the Caroline, vice
Prowett.__ _ _

Lieut. F. Jackson, from the Dover to the Caroline. ins
Richards._

Lieut. H. Richards, from the Caroliue to the Fox, •ire
Allen.
Capt. W. A. ?v ague, from the Terpsitiore to dm
Doris.
Capt. C. Cole, from the Doris to di:, Cornwallis.

The prisoners taken on board a Dutch prize,
sent into Dover by the Tiger Revenue cutter,
state, that it was believed at Flushing, that ano.
Cher general battle was fought upon the Dsunbe
on the 26th alt. which terminated in the defeat
of the French army. They also state, that there
were lying at Flushing three men of war, full of
troops, waiting for a favourable opportunity to
put to sea; that it was understood '20,000 Prus-
sians were on their much to co-operate with the
Austrian army ; and that the greatest discontent
prevailed in Helium!, in consequence of the col:-
scription law. Reports are cirruLted at Flushing
of the assassination of Faint AND VII.

The Berlin Gazette has published accounts from
the heal-quarters of the Archduke CHARLTS, in
which it is stated that the Arch:lake Joys', haying
receive,: reinforcements at Comorn, Intsl advanced
again to his former position near Raab.—This
corroboiatos the report of the relief of that place,
which we have received by letters from Ilelland.
The letters from Vienna are not of so late a date
as the French Bulletins, but tbeY state that the
bridges over the Danube were completed previous
to the 17th ult. and that a battle was soon ex-
pected.
Yesterday morning M. de la VEO4. the late re-
spectable Deputy from the Prorinre of Asturias,
&reject, in town. We believe iris object is to ap-
ply to this Government for arms. If the accounts
we have received be correct, 100,000 recruits aro
kept out of the field of action from flee deficient
supply in that essential particular.
Earl ST. VINCENT is gone to his seat, called
Rochetts, near Brentwood,lllEssex.
The amount of the Legacy Unto, paid on Thurs.
day, upon the will of the late Duchess of 11p140,T,
was 1,4301. which shews that the legacies ansiont-
ed to 123.0001.--. That on Sir G&onGE RAI:VR.4
will, paid same day, was 1,2001. beiug eTpisl to
100,0001. legacies.
An examination of a singular nature, it it said,
is now proceeding in hefure the !leads of iloitsc,
at one of our Universities.

Seven ♦easels from the Baltic ire on shve up!:
the Bluth Saud, near Sheerness.
