.:V4LT4 MAIL.

MALTA, ArtY 31.—The plague continues here ;
and although we hare had hot weather for a few
thlyS, the mortality continues at nearly 30 persons
daily. The quarantine becomes more rigid, and
every prveautionary measisre is gradually bringing
We effect.

TIIP shipping in pert are quite free.
By a vessel from Lissa, in 14 days, intelligence has
been received of a landing having been made from
the British squadron in the Adriatic, at Fiume and
Porto Re.

' • According to the last accounts; the plague had not
entirely ceased at Smyrna.
We receive very few supplies of provisions from
Sicily. Sicilian vessels returning from Malta are said
to be sohject toe() days quarantine.
MEISINA, JULY 2/I.—Private letters just received
Ifrom the Adriatic, bring advice that on the 3d inst.
Admiral Fremantle, with three vessels, a frigate, and
'a brig, entered the road of Fiume, and having land.
'etl some troops, took possession of the town which
the few French and Croats stationed there abandoned
without resistance, seeking their safety in flight. The
AdttitrAl caused the brass cannons on the batteries,
which he entirely demolished, to be carried on board,
a:. also a quantity of military clothing which was In
that depdt, together with a considerable quantity of
confiscated coffee and sugar which was there, after
hich he smiled away, taking with him a great num-
ber of small vessels a hich were in the road. This small
scpeadron his treated two others of the enemy's
parts, &visa and Porto Reale; in a similar manner.
Evract of a letter from the British Consul at Alex.
andria, to his Excellency Lieuteuant-General Oakes,
dated June 1, 1813:
" Its addition to what I had the honour to commu-
rieste to your Excellency by his Majesty's sloop
Sad, er, revpecting the brigantine St. Nithelas, Ales.
•sandro Scamp°, Commusder, I have to inform you,
that the said brigantine nee been,eatiroly eliteherged,,

•
the clothing, beds, &c. landed, and the vessel in every
part veltilated, washed, fumigated, and painted ; the
sails and rigging hare likewise been washed. I have
the pleasure to add, that no person employed in this
work has either died or been attacked by the plague,
and that this maliznant disorder has almost entirely
red here."

LO
KONDAY, SEPTEMDER 13, Isl 3.

Lisbon and Coranna Mails arrived this morning,
by which we have received the following interesting
intelligence :
CostrwnA, Scrr..4.:—Letters from the neighbour.
hood of Pamplona and Irun, say, that the AIM'
Army remains in the same positions, and that' there
bad been no action in the onetn)'s line•

The same scarcity of provisions continues, when
will this disorder be remedied'

Lumost, Auo. 29.—The following are stated to
be tho positions occupied by the different corps.—
The 24 division at Roncevailos ; the 3&l and 6th, at
Maya Pass; the 7th at Aschalhal, with 10.900
Spaniards; the light at Batten. .Longs,
.with 2000
Spaniards, is on the left of the light division. Our
4th division is in Lenga's rear, and on the left of
the light division is Bradford's Portuguese, who
communicate with Longa by Spanish posts, to Brad-
ford's left, in the Gallician Army ; to its left is Sir
THOMAS GRAHAM, who forms die extreme left, and
is at Irun.

The blockade of Pamplona continues.
SANTIAGO, AUG. 31.—An order from Napoleon
I has been published in Barcelona, in which he states,
that the misery and want of provisions experienced in
the interior of Spain, will oblige the French Armies
to retreat from the provinces which they occupy, and
concentrate themselves in Cataloilia. _ _

Suchet intently retiring to Bsroelone, and in that
capital making a stand against kyrd Wm. Bentinck.
Gen. !Mina, Saaoes who is tossa will marchmarchfor Ca-
talonia as soon as the enemy's garrisons of 111roch
Mallen, Mown, and Jima have surrendered.—
Brigadier Diwnie has been appointed Commander
of the Conde de Abisba;'. van-gunrd.

=TRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER• FRAN LtSACAI
DATED

" According to inielligetice received this night in
Lesaca, it appears that Soult WB4 endeavouring to
fortify himself upon the river St. Juan de Luz ;
15 pieces of artillery have been placed between the
Anoa end the Zudaize, tO upon Serves, and fortifi-
cations are tieing constructed at various other points.
Forts have been, constructed between San Juan de
Luz and Ascain. Sonlt has called upon the na-
tional guards, bat the people are much discon-
tented."

ALICANT, AUG. 2%.--By an official &patch we
know of the movements undertaken by the enemy in
the direction of Vechl and of the advantages oh-
: tained by our first army. Kept in check in El-Es-
qeirol by three Spanish hattaliar•s, General Ma-
thieu and Nicolas retroceded from Granollers to
Barcelona', with 1500 men, and continued their march
to donna, with 6 or 700 Si., with General De..

caen.
•
On the night of the same days three other Spanish
corps joined those already mentioned, which oblig..d
the enemy to march by the La Salud road, the height
of which they reached and fortified. Here a brave
contest took place ; both parties were reinforced;
the enemy, during the day sustained a loss of 1200
men, in consequence of which they retired towards
Amliurdao. Our loss consisted in 300 men killed or
wounded.

fliamposu, Atm ti..... General Paris, who, with the remain-
der of hip division, was at Cmatrane, has Wiwi; op that castle,
tt mitered France; 400 men have reaudned b Jack the rest
alive passed the frontier.
Marshal Slickand *HWY an labouring indefatigably to col-
lect troops. order to make new exertions in Wear of the
caslle jI Plippries. All thb frontier have order to be ready_

manner which.may be judged proper. The western part of the
grand Empire has experienced the agitations eassequent on the
repeated disasters experienced by its arms, and the formidable
presence of the conquering troops.
• litiebet, with the garrison of Tarragona. has retired to Bar-
Weis, and probably will continue to concentrate himself with
tlkermy to Figueras. This occurrence must be more effeeteal
than any long discourse, to prove the political situation el Bo-
naparte.

Irday night's Gazette contains along list ofl
raptured by the squadron under the orders
joiiN Boar Asa WARRiN, on the American
3t Indian station, between the 30th of March
2?.(1 of July, 1813. The American vessels
1 amount to 92 ; also 8 Spanish, 7 English,
tsh, 6 Portuguese, and 7 coasting vessels of
tonnages. The captures have been princi-
made by the Slalira, Spartan, Martin, Ra-
Le Hogue, Argo, Sapphire, Pelican, Pa-
Fawn, Circe, Calibri, Atalanle, Sceptre,
;us, and Marlborough.
Stilts letters by the fast Mail are delivered
ruing. The latest dates are of the 31st of. July,
.h time the deaths bad decreased in Valetta;
isklembly increased in the country towns.—
wths up to the 20th of July have already
published'; they amount together to 1,9001 to
is to be added 499 which have dieil since.
Admiralty and Navy Boards leave town is
days, to commence the inspectiou of the Royal
:yards, Ind also the. Broakwater, is Plymouth

The Allied troops which had begun a retrograde movement,
have returned into Cataiouia. The youth of this protium,
who either from weakness, or from being deceived,• bad for-
saken their busmen, Wive answered the call made upon them,
by the chief in arms of this capital, resolved to wash away the
Main on their honour, and to imitate the iterolt example of the
14,000 A rragonese warriors, who, during this horrible straggle,
base fought incessantly in Armpit, Navarre, Catalonia, and
* amid of Andalusia, for the interests of too cututtrf, now
rlvepeat their oath tocooquer or die. .

_

Clarissa Irma, Ana. 24.—Every thlig ilea well in Catalonia.
.More than 2000prlsoarre made by Senor. Manse have Wei em-
barked for Majorca. A considerable English expedition bas
leaded near Barcelona, and lately an •English amyl?, under the
proteetioa of two *hips of war and a frigate, with between SO
and 40,1spith-laanches. Two' Spanish vessels hove also sailed,
from Valencia. with a very large quantity o(• books, grenade.,
and halls of all calibres.
We hue received accounts from France. by way of Perpig-
MU, fa whieb it ii said that great discontent prevails among the
• Numb, and that the last requisition cannot be completed. -
Senor Navin has brought of a considerable qoautity ef 'cattle
and provisions from the Irma& of .•France. Ilse report that
Mamma had arrived on the side of Reasilkia; erikilfo4oo men.
to the insistence of the troops ip 04alipais, is poCceo4,lll•4

•

, .

; . a

*e think likely
,eounfry 4 ft quly
Hilt we are nbiiii.witely
of Conduct in opposition
is a secret anti heartful
our duty, anti a consci.
,vitig been instrumental
(lei' Countrymen.
abut NOT iIPiTH TRUTN
opfortnoity of particioH4
coif en 'ortra ri rhe
otherwise, cid efrit&fe 4, rw,f. Au
_ls Made-trt us, soon aft-er the PEaetevtt nd.
ministration was formed, to purchase a inflipty of
the STATEMAN, oV COVD!TiON or IT, PIuTICI
Immo CHANGED, AND PUT I.4DER Tot EorTN Ut. or
THE HoyEm—Thig Mier was rejeeti4l, and in a short
time afterwards the Government Arlvertisome,lt4 were
discontinued —in lien of which, several ex-Virio prop.
cutions were commenced for allege') It may be
the opinion allow very discreet persons, theta 10(1,ting
in Newttate for THREE YEARS AND A HALF,
with a FINE of Fl VE-HUNDO D POUNDi to
the KING, and SURETII'43 for TWO THOU.
SAND POUNDS, are pain* and penalties sufficient
to tame the most refractory, when laded to an expect-
rditure of several thousand pounds in establishing
,the concern. Time, the 'great
ire
of events,
•.nrnit decide the question, and ire shall, therefore,
iisultss the subject for the present, without further
Comment.

England's , were involved
by the assertion of a Morning Paper, which does
lot deal out modem accusations, that a gross
and condemnable frand at the Post Office, though not
by the Clerk, is played off upon the credulity of the
community and to the detriment of a few individuals,
who are leaded with a very heavy expence for pro-
coring early, intelligence- from abroad. As well as
the direct imputation of the fact itself, the circum-
stances attending it would be evidence sufficient to
convince the least credulous of the trick being prac.
tised as represented, and it being done for the worst
of purposes, viz. stockliobbing, it becomes a dead-
ly scandal on the Goverment of the country. All
this does but confirm,what we have] long complained
of, viz. that Mieistere have fast hold on the country,
or in other words of.the fortune of this countryibled '
use it as skilful artistrand artisans use their instru-
ments and engines for their own benefit. We will
say no more upon this crying abuse of power at
present, but to admonish those who would take a
pert in the Government of the country, to which
the men now in power have no more lawful right
than the humblest individual born in it, that if some-
, thing like a reformation does not immediately take
plate in the respect we have pointed out, and its
what chiefly implies partialities towards one class of
Journals, and persecutions toward/ another, the
; fate of our common country, thM•eoluns satiate
'of the once proud Briton, will be rent asun-
der, and sold piecemeal. With respect to the
campaign which has opened so inauspiciously to
our Allies, we can offer to our Readers little more
than conjectu.re. Many of our cotemporaries expa.
tiate with much satisfaction or consolation, by con-
eluding that the advantages assumed by the French
Letters from Ileiigoland mention, OW rent gun.
are greatly over rated in their value, by being ex- , boats had been actively employed in the Elie. A
paggerated in the detail. Something of this nature may Danish fort was attacked by one party of .thee,at but
we regret to learn, without success, a.nd' th it —they
naturally be imagined, but we are convinced that the
condition of the Allies is exceedingly bad ;or they have suffered severely. Another party, tinder Can.
I tain FARQUHAR, had a brush with six Dini. : res•cl3
would not have withdrawn in so marked a manner from
se-
an attempt, which, if effected, promised to lead to i lying at Husum : its this effitir the Dines were
but a sand-bank veret y handled, . 'tear the shore tee-
k
indefe.asible final prosperity. As it ist BONAPARTE 'vented the. approitch of our boats, otherwise the
will have rivetted those connections and alliances whole of the enemy's tessels must hese been cs e-
-1-
which a first failure would, inevitably have broken bred-
like a rope of sand. The King of •Dasseauz evitati. ' The Emperor of. A. mlestra, it would appelr, bad
ant decided on hostilities egainst France so late as the
of whose Royal faith we have thouglitt as well 'llllll4th of August ; about thgt date, a corps of 2000
that of most ancient or modern Kings, would have f Polish troops under Gristral Viettiamaas, which had
been unable tp provide the ten thousand horses, which been left in the circle of 'Craeow, and consisted, for
will now, in all probability, be sent on a long-trot the most part, of cativalescents, were permitted to
to mount the troopers of his great Ally. Much less :pass through Bohemia, to rejoin the corps under
should we have been likely to bear of the Danes In.
Prince Powwows' s!, in Upper Lasatia.
DEAL, Seer. 12.—Arrived his M 'jetty's Ai.) ten.
railing Sweden, which in eery probability will , gear, from off the Scheldt, and tl,e Eridanus frigate
now be the case, if the harvest, in Norway is so 1 from the Nore, and has sailed. for Portsmouth ; and
very promising as described. Our powerful enemy i the Drake sloop of war from off Flushing.
wants nothing, but a great supply of horses to re-, Posersmoesw, Seer. 12.—Arrived the Spy, from
. Downs tieet are expected to sail
mount his cavalry to assure him of both Prague and `theD.
Downs.—The
in tne morning. —HisMajesty's ship Facet hakes
.
Berlin; and with these capitals in his hands, he may I
convey for Plymouth.—The outward-bound ‘‘ est
repose upon his arms ; for his, present enemies will, India and Mediterranegn convoys still remain.—
and must in that case, listen to any terms he thinks . Nothing sailed today.
proper, if any terms he will keep with those whom I PLYMOUTH, Star. 11.—Came in the Dartmouth
he accuses of not keeping their words with him. But ! new frigate, from Dartmouth ; and the Orestes sloop
of war from a cruize.—Sailed the Helicon sloop of
it is to oar reasoning of Saturday,'that we must refer . ,
i war, and Whiting schooner,' on separate cruise,: ;
for the coming events. The system our wise Ministers i
, and the ea or...er op o war, with afleet to the
Sfl sio f
have pursued, is like that of the mad man with a . Eastward.
sword in his handtendeavouring to cut the untrenchant A convoy has been appointed for Ness roan:Hand,
air? It must be wisdom in the Cabinet which can which is to sail from Spithead on the ROth inst.
There are accounts in town front the vicinity of
alone second and aid the valour of our fleets and
armies. The force and intrepidity of these, have
Dantsic, to the 19th ult. at which time the siege was
i
I carrying on with vigour, and the town was expected
'done every thing hitherto to preserve us from various , to fall in a short time.
threats of ruin; but if our prodigal Ministers go on i - HORRID MULDER IN THE COVNTIE 0i W I CTMONV.—
much longer, they will exhaust these in vain, as they i On the morning of the 117Ati inst-about three o'clock,
nearly have the resources of the country. What ' six ruffians broke into the house of Mr. Massey, a
farmer near Delgany; they were
game did these same men malted .Casueimid.Bait. most respectable , ,
armed with hatchets. Mr. Massey beings very able
neat of the National Convention .of Frißsit.,,t9s. wisk
1 h.— '
-even -dome among elves wh.c__ they, irt realty, ni-At b supposed made great resistance. Mr.
, Massey 'was murdered ; and Mrs. 'Massey, when
have committed at home, But example loses its force ' the accounts came sway, was considered at the point
with perverse minds, and, indeed, were it otherwise, of-death. The house was robbed of considerable
nation after nation would not fall to decay, ruin, property, after which the morderera escaped.
and slavery, while history plainly unfolds to the Barnet Races, which have been altered to a month
. , later this season, will commence to-morrow, %%lien
wise the very ceases which have operated the change
. I abundant sport is eipected. Seven herses are en•ered
so often before. . But as the sun is said to have stood kr the Maiden Plate on. Tuesday, and nearly dJuble
still for Josntra, so do our Ministers expect, the'number for the Sweepstakes the same day.
being chosen-inert, that the course of events will tura Yesterday evening, about four o'clock, a respect-
aside in their behalf, and that the same causes out of able young man fell down in a fit nearly opposite
favour tq their views, wishes, and self-interests, will Grotvenor.gate. He was perceived by the fashion-
able Mr. C OATES, who sent his grooms to his ascii:-
nut produce their wonted effects !! ance, and on his recovery took him into his curric!e,
--osellw•-- and drove round the Paik) and set him down at Isis
The excellent Letter in our Paper of this day, nn- residence. .
der the signature of Tosornir TRUMAN, claims the
—.0...—,,
Coax Exciassz, SETT.I3.—W heat unsafe. at 41. advance
attention of every true friend to his country. -The on Monday'. prices; Foreign Wheat no alteration. o.ts ale
• !wife! fli l 1
rank intik of this patriotic and constitutional writer, .° P pp y*. it•relle°l°,ltc• oo variation.
Whew (English) 76 108 New ditto ...... ... . oo on
places his actions lind motives above suspicion, and P Ditto (Foreign) 76 100 Heins .' 66 70
R'e 4O 44 Tick 'do. ...60 135
renders his political opinions of greet value at this Biuieyi
tto 46 48 One ••••...,•
96 44 Fine .... ..,.. ....... 3;
Fine
Malt d . • 43
critical moment, whoa the fete of Eurape is suspend.
Si SO Fine ditto OO oil
ed in the scale, and nearly the wholappss of Eng. I White Pees , .60 60 i Poland do • .... ... ... 0 4
Ditto BOUM •, . . ..... •••• Feed aittP• •• • ••• ••••• ii to
land in' &State of subornation, anddevoted to the New ditto .... .. ..... 78 80 Fine flour ..,.. ~..• ~s
messures of a *oak and piotligate Governmetsa. tire I Grep Peas .......... 10 ,96 Seconds ' .... •
—ram—
are folly tensible of,the esiPopsderity, tnsay nothing 'SMITHFIELD MARKET.--1110.1. ,
,ef• the danger, whisk attaches to every man who has I BE4'
.... be. Taititter. 1111, per stone ut "us'. as
Wool at Ca* this . v....,,,
the hardihood to propagate dnctriffer inimical to the Moats ;La,: W. to ..• •• • •'• ...... •••!''
veal .7s. Oil. it • '
•••. ler
. ..a. PAV f 1.• • tio
tali ng ewers the •daY, 'but the persecutions and pork :.....;gi. 1.E.14 ' . . ••...p.u.. .
YEA ,
pri 'ado ni whisb willinsivAdi easlor4d trill act Web ....4se , lit, se b. , 941. '
. ; • ‘....,•••
. • '— '4

ST.ITESM4N OFFICA TWO ucLorx.

The reports on 'Change this morning me hey 0.41
number, the following are a few of them, lo t
we do net answer for the truth of any, except
that the Omnium opened at Of premium, and
suddenly rose to 7 per cent. at which price it conti-
nued for upkards •f an hour, some few bargains
were done at 71, 7i, and one or two at 7i, it is
now, one o'clock, down to 6i.
The reports are, that an embargo has been laid
on all the French ports—that the Emperor of
FRANCE is surrounded in Dresden—that Danizic
has fallen—that bloat4u has been killed in battle;
and finally, that St. Sebastian has fallen to Lord
WELLINGTON.

andria, to
dated Jun
"lead
to
Dail„Ter, r
•saudro Sct
that the s,
the clnthit
part vela'
nail* and
the pleau
work has
anti that t
disappears
Saturda
vessels cal
of Sir oh
awl West
and the
4:4 pturel
j 1 3 Swedish
different
pally mad
L
riable, I
Nircissui
The 51
this morn
at which
'hut CO :t4
Tiie lees
been pub
which is
The 1
a few da,
Dork-ya
Sound.

•
•
=aimar- TnE S. 'l% IFANIAN, .
~.....ivi,lisamapicFaamosua
Arr. Midi. • -•• 1-1)111 '-ln't*libiilide 0 iNtii - latellirice fiiiiii-atiki: deism. 'us from publishing such facts as
O
.eO4
0 • s • r • Gm'ourula
O. P HelAgo • 1 with gjeeninge avertie kid where tie late elreadhl be said, and truly so, that we s
O'h'rrigory a
erthk: bewe IaCIP ;ei 111S0 sew versions of the same bent upon pursunig a line of cendue
PitICE 01 wroutta THI* tia2 AT MIR O•CLOCii. is with, predictioos "et sSihit will
~to our own interht; hat there is.* sec
.
Musk
ttle:luer 11.14 lib.
P be ferditei dose , teipther with . prognPeliiiiftiat tat; satisfaction in perfOrming otir'duty,
J per Cent. Rol.
i per vent 4:.04e.b7.4 71, • pita! Po" 241' ' ' the fatuavisf sasetielli be•tlfe kikileiiteitFe of: the ousrtess of integrity in not having hei
i pecGats. - nonnew ok it ex 8„ ~
5.11 K Cam Nev 3 87U !.:. Clililb7!'r ''' 'I " • late defeat-411 pthliffsed to sat* the impatteriee In adding to the hurthens ol pui Coif
Long, 4INI. , •. • WWI. rickets ,
~
of poittlataat at Ali eventful and Aritii4il period.-- It may, perhaps, he saidYinit NOI
TSTA TES M... 1 A !ell might we troliaaf•' at Abe es ordinary abseil.' that we have never had an oppurtuniti
HE . ..
___ rity in which some events (the most important to this In in the plunder given to our cnifei
_ , • country of • any which were aver connected with fact, however, fa otherwise, and raps&
. ' LONDON: England's welfare), were involved : we now And [offer was made M ns, soon slier the
___ •... .ost

•
ii=a22lllll";2ll6l.lllllll.llll4orsiuictjhoteedrileficilosuvrnetrtybl:llti
t may
e
nilnitsiliFillitigttilliipfearletreui,odtw-naued:gyueoc,raTtrre.seitiltintatarinnoTbiiien::phiT,,cimialu.Ro.lslBl,:jrTittsf.riPircnocittitii7nr.l
I ply
not hating heel; instrumental
its tenni Countrymen.
(
insten:p10:11::
etCaa0111;10:1114::fril
Alt
a:
non diPr the l'Encionvtar.lhandr-t
led, to purchase .a jpfy of
PCr. iiiaupEniioenc.,l.t
41. (1111, ft
acli
71'4;14
vernment Advortisement4 were
'whielt,several ex-ujfirio prose.
d for alleged IiIH,. It may be
discreet person,, t hat a 10(41,1g
:E YEARS AND A HALF,
ii-HUNDItED POUNDi to
MIPS for TWO THOU.
e pain* and penalties sufficient
tory, when idded to an expect-
'send pounds in establishing
the great
_onfplder of events,
on; and. *e shall, therefore,
the present, without further
IN OFFICE', TWO cuork.
nge this morning ate beyond
g are a few of them, bit
or the truth of any, except
ened at Of premium, and
cent. at which price it moti-
on hour, some ft w bargains
and one or two at 7i, it is
vn to
oat an embargo has been laid
orts—that the Emperor of
in Dresden—that Danieic
EAu has been killed in battle;
Sebastian has fallen to Lord
eland inentoon, that our gun.
ply employed in the.Elne. A
.Pd by', one party of theitie but
ithout success, anti- th it they
Another party, under Csu.
I brush -with six tes.eu
iis affair the Dines were se-
sand-hank near the shore pie.
of our boati, othervri,e the
Vessels trust hare been cNp-
pinytt a, it wou4d appeir, bad
iesogain4t France so late as the
t that date, a corps of MO
enteral VItGAIIBII.I, which had
„.
of 'Craton, and consisted, for
