NAVAL IA TELLIGENCE.

Frn. 16.—ArriteJ the Henry FreeHuy
packet, nith a mail from l'uxhaveia..sailed the Prise..
of Orange packet fur Holland, and Lady Nepean packe•
fur t ttxliat en, both with mails

lavaurnot., Fan. Is.—Arrived the George, Kendall,
from Rio Janeiro ; I.yeurgus, Clover, from Bahia; Mi-
nerva, Sheldon, from Sears, and the Brothers, Searrh-
well, front New Orleans I sailed 721st December. On the
31st, off Cape Flotida, shr lust her top-mast, sail., rig-
ging, &c.—Sailed the Euphrates, Studdart, for New
York.

CASTLETOWN, FEN. 9.—Arrived the Alfred, Riddell,
from New Orleans, for Liverpool, in distress, having ex-
perienced very bad weather, in which she lost all her
sails, and stain-topniast. Simi, also leaky.
PLTMOVTII. Fan. !I—Arrived the Nautilus, Mitchell.
001+ Lendon.—Saftel/41 the Doe& Trott, Muller; for Am-
aterdani.
PALIMOrTII, Fen. Il.—Sailed the Duke of Kent
packerfor Lisbon; and Sandwich packet for the Medi-
terranean, both with mails. Also sailed the Pyramus,
Lean, fur St. Michael's.

Intelligence has reached various parts of Italy,
an extensive insurrection had hrdken out at
Smyrna ; no authentic news of the event, how-
ever, has as yet been received.
Letters from Venice contain disastrous details of
the damage occasioned by the late tempestuous
gales in the Adriatic. They also announce, that
although the lonian Isles, at present, appear to
enjoy perfect tranquillity, still a somewhat turbu-
lent disposition prevails amongst the inhabitants,
not only at St. Maura, but also in the other tales.
Severtheless, they do the English Authorities the
justice to say, that they behaved with great mode-
ration with regard to the persons who took part in
the late insurrection at St. Maur*. They likewise
allude to some agents who excite the inhabitants:
it is indeed said, that discoveries have been made ;
but nothing authentic on this head has hitherto
transpired.
We stated a few days ago, that Messrs. Dolby,
Watlen, Shorter, &c. had received intimation that
the notice, of trial were countermanded. It hasi
been supposed by souse, that the prosecutions were gives.
up, this however is no., the case of two informations tiled
against Why, for selling numbers of Sherwin's Regis-
ter, containing au address to the soldiers, and comments.
un the yeomanry cavalry; the notice of trial respecting
the latter only has been countermanded. Watlen hat
received three notices of countermand; there were four
prosecutions against him for selling seditious ifesuphietst.
the fourth remains unconiradicted, thedefendant having
notice of trial to be prepared fur the Sittings after Terns,
moil being called on to appear and reduce the Jury.—
Foie informations were also filed against Shorter;
three fur numbers of The Republica's, and one for a pub-
lication, called !Ilse Theological and Politic& Comet r 4
or, Freethiokiwg Essglishmas. Two notices of conn-
terniand have been served, but two notices for trial at
the sittiegs after Term stand; namely, fur publishing
Nu. tt. of Republican containing a " Letter to th
Prince Itegent, on thanking the Magisterial and Yoo.
usanry assassias of Manchester, for *larders committed
by them on the 16th Aut :" and /C 0.5. of the salt
work, also containing a "otter to the.Priace Itegent o
his Answer to the City address."
This day came mi before the High Court of Jessie',
ary, the trial of Oilbert M'Leod, prisoner, frost the tot-
e fear we shall he a!raiii called on for Herr I booth of tilasgoic, charged with printing and publishing
different articles of a seditious nature, in Nye periodied
taXec, if the reports be true that considerably less
W
paper lately puWished in illasgow, caHemL ••The Spirit of
malt, beer, acid spirits are made than were made the Ustimi. , Farther particulars in oar De:-r. The
!act veer, and if the e. ports and imports continue Court is crovidea to excess, and all the passigle are fail
to decline. of spectators. —(Estia Gargh paper, F 14.14.)
The following kan extract of a rivate lector On Wedneslay night last, about eleven o'clock, a des
I
structiva fire was discovered in the paper mil of Ha
from New York, need the l.th ult. in the evening,
burn, which had already extended through all'the low
hetet Irter by several hours than those previously part of the building, thelhiaies at the same time commas
received : nicating to the dryieg . above, where, (ruin the
Nt.o. YoKE. .1A am much afraid we are on combustible nature of Abe teripla, the whale was it
th. etc of evetintil times. 1 allude to the Slave Ques- I mediately in a state of coo dog ;su that, Liciore th
tier, t:iu.k is now before t ongress. The ;work of the arrival of the lire•engincli _roln the print-held iu th'
Seillb are gece.Jl 1. • lave-holders, and the sentiments of neighbonrhoed, the emir kW Mesta; atteh beiusc thii.
the North decide.ilv limn:se traffic. The titt..s-: rapid progress of the *Adis idement. ;kit in
n sill soon he tired ishether the territory of Missouri ! than an hour froth be SODebeed. *at,
wi
she sew the materials. and entire, etateisikitas reduced to a Ise-
Ae '
f,bp.21,1 'e4l trreeiovriii Sitnattoesti, more ,Cinnic'other words, whether of smoking ruins—the walls aiwie beim lefisasaadia
slavery is to be extended brperinisalOn of the Represee;
tatirea of 'a tree people.' ' Oise thounnd pounds tlimord learns wog,' issuiati
the mill and pr..prry.—f.ific Tikes C4roaddr)

Another account of this melancholy occurrence
was received in town last night, by a packet which
arrived on earl• yesterday morning:—

(Wale, Feb. IS, ten u'efeek p. na.

News is just received here by the conductor of the
diligence, who left Paris yesterday morning at six
o'clock, that the Duke de herri was assassinated on
rousing out of the Opera-house, at two o'clock in the
ttttt rising; the assassin was immediately taken under
I'.lresule Colbert. The conductor of the diligence, to-
gether with the passengers,confirnied this news on being
interrogated before the Commissaire de Police, and the
Ilayor of this place.

Of the particulars of this atrocious deed we are
as yet uninformed; but as the assassin did Dot
escape, the nest mail V 1 ill doubtless bring a full
account, and explain whether the villain has been
excited to the perpetration of the act fro►n political
hostility, or of personal vengeance, for sonic real
or supposed injury received from the Prince.

I

•1

Holland, and Lady Nepean packe• -
ith mails
i
s.—.lrrired the tieorge, Kendall,
reurgits, Clover, from Bahia; 31i-
Seam, and the Brothers, Search- ,
es; sailed *lst December. On the '
, she lust her top-mast, sail., rig- /
Le Euphrates, Studdart, for New f‘
9.—Arrived the Alfred, Riddell, 4
' Liverpool. in dieters', having ex-
'rather, in which she lost all her
it. Sbe is also leaky.
—Arrived the Nautilus, M i "l itchell. I
the tioelle Trove, Muller, fur Am-
-1 iI I. —Sailed the Duke of Kent
111 Sandwich packet fur the Medi-
nails.
Also sailed the Pyramus,
s.
....................
reached various parts of Italy,
[isiarrection had hrdken out at
,tic news of the event, how-
•
n received.
ce contain disastrous details of •
)nod by the late tempestuous •
tie. They also announce, that
3 Isles, at present, appear to
iillity, still a somewhat turbo-
rails amongst the inhabitants,
ra, but also in the other Isles. ,
In the English Authorities the
icy behaved with great mode-
) the persons who took part in I
at St. Maws. They likewise ~
is who excite the inhabitants: •
t discoveries have been made ; t j 4 •
tic on this head has hitherto v '
.
days ago, that Messrs. Dolby, i
14,
:. had received intimation that '
' were countermanded. It has : 4 (I
,i
, that the prosecutions were gives c
the case of two informations tiled t ; ing numbers of Sherri', Regis-
ress to the soldiers, and comments 1 .1
ry ; the notice of trial respecting ; I
ten countermanded. Watlen hat I
of countermand; there were four I
. . '
its for selling seditious Ostuiphirts; 1
6 tuntradicted, thedefendant having p.
pared fur the Sittings after Term, • , •
• appear and reduce the Jury.— 1
rere also lied against Shorter; 'he Republica*. and one for a pub-
i
'hey/opted and Political Comet I '
fishmaa. Two uotiees of conn- i : ,
reed, but two notices far trial at -
, .
us stead; namely, fur publishing ~
we containing a "` Letter to th •
inkilA:
ng the Magisterial anti l'ito- ; ,I 11
nehester, for retarders committed
August :" aid N0..1. of the same- ' I i I
a" Letter to the Prince Regent o 1
, .Address." l t
ret;ore the High Court of Amick -,
t,
t M'Leod, prisoner, fr.sta the tot. r'
10(1 with printing and publishing
editions nature, in the periodical
11
in tilasgow, called " The Spirit of
particulars in oar or:-t. The ) • .
eu, and all the passighs are full ;
erg h paper, ren. 14.) . ,
t last, about eleven o'clock, a de. . ~
erred in the paper mil of Be . .
• g .
ly extended through all'the lower
ellannes at the same tune C.J41111114
. above, where, from the
be terini;, the whole was it
cos • tied ;so that, LeMre th ! ti
loch rapt Ilse print-tield in th'
roo4sra
' .
. , .
if hW Mem In ; sueh )4eioe: the. '
• ' ! Altiltlfribelyellt. USit in
I , •
se a
red, the 4,114 wi • •
e egatrik slits reduced LAP ahr 1 ,
*At abode being Ishistasolia '4'
,etliagetsvi learn, weer istakva ' .
wt
- d ten C4romietr.)4 ,
P e
• 1
t
fit
11 •
