. among the peo, le; but they know not hos 14in
their hopes are on this subject. The Kids for liberly
and the•desire for resistance still remail, but the
I means of effecting either are, for the pr,s.ot, fakeit
away. Tho evil genius of France is tr;umplqint, end
a chaotic I) ranny covers that once smiling, once free,
and happy land. How long this glnomy state of
1 afrnics may continue remains for time, and the yet re,
i.maining energies of mankind, to show.
1. We shall here observe, en petssant, in regard to II?
1 linives of the Emperorship, that the Vienna p,i in
contradict, in positive terms, the account of th se.
t learn renunciation of the title of Empress. aid iii eit
pretensions to the Croan of France, on the pat. of
Iher eon, by the Empress MARIA !MUM, so Cif,
cumstantially detailed in the Paris Rivers,
Tee Papers
.by the Flanders MAO, received re,
day, also contradict the statement of FOUCIIef
being arrested. He has set out from Brussels, an
his embassy to Dresden.
It is again repeated, that the Turks ere arming
and fortifying with great actiwity : and their hostile
preparations seem to have excited considerablealann
at the Austrian Court. Austria is drawing bar
armies together, for the parries of guarding bee
! Hungarian frontier.

'- T H I-ST. 4 TOSlVidisr.

.~.

LONDO :

• stomata, orroucit 23, 11315.- ,
•
The Paris Papers to the 20th instants and various
communications through private channels, from the

French capital to the same date, have been received.
A Flanders Mail also arrived this forenoon, from
which we have extracted every thing of Interest, in

addition to the contents of ibe Brunetti mod Frank-
fort Papers, which reached us test night. The
affairs of France still attract our liveliest attention,

ifor they are stilt the spring of almost all the comnto-
i
tio as that agitate the troubled sea of European poll-
tics, and cover with alarms, anxiety, and suspense, •
VIENNati OCT. B.—A letter from Gannet morn,
the vast theatre of political life.
Unhappy the nation whose liberties are at the that the Turks are fortifying all the points in the
' mercy of the enemies of all freedom, and whose• Lower. Danube, and are arming irith great activity.
! King is a slave—unhappy the people who have toiled. As Austria is drawing together its army of reserve,
i and bled for liberty, who have called on all nations it will probably receive the destination of guarding
to support them, and find at the close of an age ' the Hungarian frontiers.
spent in asserting the rights of mankind, all nations The Russia. General Czernichdf is arrived at
and states united against them; who, after casting Frankfort.
from their necks the yoke of despotic, power, volun. Baussets, OCT. 19.—The
.Ex-Minister of the
tarily open their gates and their arms to the Princes Police, M. Fouche, who has passed some days in
who have so often deceived them,—who startle at this city, set out yesterday with his wife and family
domestic fetters, and find themselies in the jaws of for Dresden, where be is appointed Ambassador from
a foreign military despotism ! Louis XVIII.
Nothing tends so much to show the arbitrary iispne I Merle, Ocr. 17.—The opening of the Sittings of
',Won of Louts's-Government, and the deep hostility the States General, conformably to the 97th Ankle
of the people towatde it, as the innumerable measure; of the Constitution, took place yesterday, the third
now proposed for investing it with despotic power.— Monday in October. Each Chamber met first spirt
In addition to the projet of a law for giving oilcan- in its own Hail. M. Van Lynden von Holventakes,
stitutional powers to the Government for the more the ancient President, opened the Sitting of the
effectual punishment of sedition, which we have Second Chamber at half pest nix o'clock, be acquaint.
already noticed, the Papers of Thursday furnish ad the Assembly with his Majesty's decree, naming
another projet, the object of which is to authorise C nint--Thienness_nergaident of the rim Chamber
.•. •
the deteetio9, without trial, until the etpiration of during the present Session.
the law, of persons. .ceased 'of crimes against the Then the second Chamber, on the motion of its
Royal authority or the state, and the placing under the President, sent a message to the bat Chamber to in.
inspection of the high Police tbose,,ebe are only sus- , form it that it had colnstitated Itself, and inviting-it
pected, or in other words, to organize a complete i to repair to its Hall, in order to form the grottol as.
tyranny, for such most be the effect of a law so semhly of the States General, and wait the arrival
vague in its definitions, so accommodating to every of his Majesty ; the GA Chamber haring announced
interpretation that authority may chugs to give to it. this memege, repaired- to the Common Ball of the
'The consciousness of the tyrannical spirit of this pro- • States Gellert)). Count Thiennes, the Prisident,
jet pervades the whole speech of the Mittioter who named a deputation of Members of both Chambers
introduced it, whilst he affects to say that it will • to receive his Majesty, and conduct him into the As.
;
only be a source of alarm to traitors, but every one scmbly.•

who reads it must at once be 'convinced that under
the arbitra►y authority, thus tested in the Crown, no
person in France can with any safety utter, or git.
publicity to a polities' opinion is the slightest tie.
gree at variance •.. ilk the dogma. of the ruling Power,.
The debates in the Chambers are still secret, but
it has transpired that there is much variance in opi-
nion among the members. It is a curious and an ab-
solute fact, that in the shall; on the reply to the
King's Speech, the Prime Minister, the Duke of
IticnEmEn, President of the Council of State, and
the Minister of Justice the Count Dc BARRE MAR..
gots, as well as the Duke of ORLEANS, the first

Meantime his Majesty lefttherpalace at one o'clock,
preceded by the °Grand Master of the Cerenwnier,
tad the Ministers. ond-Ceer!i/ors of State, and I.
lowed by a numerous ietinits, and repaired, amidst
the acclamations of the people, to the list! of the
Assembly, when, being seated en his throne, Lis
Majesty made the speech which we have already
given. His Majesty then retired in the same form
as be came, and the deputation having returned into
the Hall, the President pronounced a very eloquent
discourse, the merit of which was deeply felt. We
shall give it of length in our neat, but decline ans.
',sing it, for fear of mutilating it.

Prince of the blood, voted in the minority. The 1 Nets, Ocr. 3.—Besides the proposals mole on
Doke of OKLEIms on this occasion appeared ashamed the part of Prussia by Prince Hardenberg in the Con-
ed the title of Prince, and requested to be designated ftrences of the Allied Powers, that the ancient Ger-
by the title of Per:ralone. The singular circumstance of man provinces, Lorraine and Alsace, should retina
the new Ministry making its commencement by stand. ' to Germany, the Crown Prince of Wiriemberg his
ing in the minority in the Parliament upon the most I also made the most urgent representations to the
important points, is accounted for by the system of same effect, and with arguments that particularly in.
the Court, which is to hide from the people, and seen •I terest him, has clearly proved, that without Ibis
from the Ministers whom it employs, its real designs. union, particularly of Alsace, Germany will ha"'
It 13 this secret Ministry, this 66 influence behind the real seeurity for the States which he is one day to 64'
Throne greater than the Throne itself," which pre. vern, but that all Southern Germany, Baden os4
sided over the composition of the Legislative Chem. Wirtemberg first, remain eiposed to every 1104'
berg, and filled them with its agents and partizans; attack of the French. Now •it happens, notoi'h'
ensl it is this .Ministry who are now governing the standing these onit.d exertions, which all
German
affairs of France, talking of the Constitutional Princes and Statesmen, have, more or less, ssft-
Charter, and public and individual liberty, yet taking perted, that the just hllpes of our country 5" 11,
every step that can insure the destruction of all fulfilled, can only be explained by the oppositio' ",
these, and rivet the chains of slavery on the Frctsch other Great Powers, whose political Sy
stem woril.d.
nation. The private advices already speak of the not allow France to lose in extent or roger. li
resignation of the Duke of Ricnccir.e, who, they the exertions of Germany had been combiroa by an
say, has refused his signature to the oew Treaty or: energetic union, and if the Germans were used to
Convention between Louis and the Allies, as being ' act in common, the affair would doubtless have takes
too disgraceful for• France. 1 another turn.
The Duke of AsGotrixatc has again set out on a I Private letters from Norwayaffirm, thatthe Crown
journey to the South. This is an ominous visit for Prince of Sweden is not quite satisfied with his jour•
the poor Protestants. The Duke's journey
posed to hate some relation to the statements of the
is 'op- ney in that country. He has not met with "eh
marks of affection as in Sweden. The Norwegians
disturbances in the departments which are still
do not seem much to desire to return under the Jo.
charged with fostering rebellion. His Grace has an i million of Denmark ;.•but they are not, hoverer,
effectual way. of suppressing discontent, against his
good Swedes. In Denmark they still hope in sde"
Noose. We may not hear of the application of his
quote compensation for Nom try, hot as Peopled.
Cathoticon, but we doubt not that many will feel its
not see where it can be had upon Continent, tore
effects. The Police, without waiting for the power persons flatter themselves that it will be found ibe
that is about to be given them by the new laws, have West Indies, at the expense of France.
suppressed the Memorial of the Protestants of n t
_no._
1 Nismes, which detailed the persecutions they suf. LOSS OF THE DELHI EAST TNDIANW•
bred—an apposite prelude to the renewal, if they The above vessel, Captain GOWEN, i• on 'hore in
have ever ceased, of the re-actionary efforts of Ca. Mount's Bay, and it is feared she will he a t ..nd
tholic and Itnyalist vengeance. There are articles in loss. The cargo. however, is expected to be ", ej.
the French Papers, which strongly demonstrate that We subjoin the following letters, received this mar".
LlesarlatCs name bas not yet lost its influence log at LLeTnitil on the subject :—...
