'

•

_ALL

..,“"---
-, new.? .0", *gameteit.
; . .• , .. ..., . ---.8.----
The folandations of the fair fabric of liberty in flu-
.
OP.
tope were laid in Ares when there was' but little in-
.....
• %recourse. commercial or political, with the remote
.•;;., ..., , ‘ -
, Crinistrles of Asia and America. A harditact, in tin-
t te • 't • ,
• e•enial climates, with -nerves strung .b the northern
ea. • ', .Ilast. thoogb little refines' by knowletke. felt in an
early age the sentiments of manly video, and spurned
.. .
the baseness of slavery. !Amory had not emasculated
,
. their minis; and theythrew off, with native elasticity,
the burden of unjust dominion. While they.submit-
teal, with graceful acquiescence, to all lawful autho-
• - . city, established by their own consent, for the ge!ieral
. good ; they preserved a noble consciousness of native
dignity, and maintained a personal grandeur, a prowl
' independence, a greatness unindebted to the morbid
tnamnr. of rank and riches.
' In latter times, the facility of navigation and the
improvements of science have brought into close con-
.
nesion the extremes of the habitable globe. 'the aspe-
rity
of manners which sometimes diszraced the vir-
tues of our forefathers, has indeed been softened by
caritas and constant intercourse; the manly spirit
bas exchanged ferocity for gentleaces, and rendered
._,
the energetic cbaraceer cassis:est wan. the amiable.
It was a happy change; for why should manly virtue
. aietinte a furbidding aspect, and lose the recomtaenda-
..
0.1,.• Con of engaging yammers, the happiness of loving
' and. bating loved, while it commands, by deserving,
• cordial reverence' .• •
.lint from the intercourse of Engtind witlethe East
and 'Vest Indies, it is to be fetesil that something of
n nwre servile spirit has been derived, than was known
aniong those who established the free constitutions
of Europe, and than woald have been adopted, or pa-
tiently hurue, in ages of virtuous simplicity.
.1 very numerous part of our countrymen spend
their most susceptible age, in these countries, where
despotic thinners remarkably prevail They are
themselves, when invested with office, treated by the
`.' eativl.s with an allolatimas degree of reverence, which
•tetsches them to expect. a similar submission to their
will, on their return •to their own country. 1 hey
. have been accustomed to look up to personages
• greatly their superiors in •rank and riches, with awe ;
lad to look down on their inferiors in proprrt g, with
seareute contempt, as slaves of their will and qpinies
tees of their luxury. Equal laws and -equal Mitzi
• at home appear to them saucy claims of the. poor intl.
the vulgar, which tend to dierigkriches of one of till
greatest charms, overhearing dbminion.
We do indeed inspot - Insclow
sweets from the Indies,
time, the spirit of dear
the purple -robe, and '
-.Tire vassals of the
int slaves; bat their
to the slavery of the ,
by the whip to work it
wanted to administer
luxury did not exist. asp*
two-legged beast of burden ; and looks up to the in-
fedi gen of his lord, as to a superior being, wheat he
is bound to obey, however vicious, whimsical, or cruel
lira command, Cradled in despotism, the young
. "%AL—planter comes lir England fox edit/Ilion, And brings
with him the early impressions which a few yearn re•
attlener in the land of freedom can seldom obliterate.
e returns; grows rich by the labour of slaves, over
whom, for the sake of personal safety, tbc most ar-
hitrary governmsnt is exercised, and then perhaps re-
tires to England to spend his age and his acquire-
tnes4ti in, the capital the seat of pleasure, the theatre
of •oommercial splendor and courtly magnificence.
Hit.'mixes much iu society, and inevitably communi-
cates his ideas, which have now taken deep root, on
the necessity of keeping the vulgar in a state of de-
pression, 'tad strengthening the hands of the rich and
the powerful. In the virtuoue struggles of the lower
and Middle ranks for constitutional liberty, is it likely
t:tat be should join the contest, on the side of the lieu-
Ae ? 'ls it not most probable, that he will throw all
I Ti, weigh., which, considering the weigh of 1n0,...y,
it 'often great, In opposition to the popular side ? A
longtsucession of such men, persouslly respectable.
bat. from peculiar circumstances, favouring the eaten-
side of power, and disposed, by habits and principles
sniami in with mother's milk, to repel the claims of
tn.* inferiors, must contribute greatly to dianse, in a
tAittntry. the spirit of despotism.
;that Oriental manners arc unfavourable to liberty,
1:•, i believe, universally conceded. The natives of' the
Aast Indies entertain not the idea of independence.
They treat the Europeans. who go among them to ac-
quire their riches, with a respect similar to the abject
sibmissien which' they pay. to their native despots.
Yeitng men, who in England scarcely possessed the
rani; of the gentry, are waited upon in India, with
mere attentive 'servility than is paid or required in
went WWI.. of Koroge. Kings of Esgiand seldom
..
arise the state enjoyed by an East India oOvermir;
afeten by subordinate officers.
Eitritehed at an early age, the adventurer returns ro
Ilfgland. His property admits him to the higher circles
a .fishiQnable life. lie aims at rivalling or exceeding
aki.the gild !tainty in the splendour of his mansions,
the finery of his carriages, the number of his liveried
train. the profusion of his table, in every unmanly ire;
ttnlgence, whieh an entity vanity can covet, and a full
pirse procnie. • Siteh a man, when he looks from this
• window of his superb mansion, and sees the peaple
pas*, cannot cudore the ideasthat they are of as much;
Lt4tp\.
coosequenee as himself; .in the eye of the law ; and
char he dares .nor .iussit onoppress the unfortunate
neidsg,wito 'fat& Alit- ItemoeLor sweeps his chimney.
lietteusa.wish to increase the. nowise of the rich and
gellic• that the saucy eulgerlsay be kept at a due dieT.,
LAMA that they ntleE.Anner Antis stationorand submit
litpir4tecks to 4Jse Ilitit. of pride.
-Wait paardit*life•ati& a Mai will give him great
4•AtOthAt ter pealifewAm7.eiretione. • He probably pnr-
.
atoms beccenh.:. 11e aides with the court party ow
ablitoollotbitolltti is-a iptabliiieZber-far the e x tem ion
.4 kletitAstiti:tedlotitis•najghbouritoad, and' as a voter
!uktorressette he.dise oil ids interest is support.
;4+1.04 elan •
'ducals:l Oarapiefete hte- views of se-
; randi-oinclase rt es. amen wham he helm al be t‘
weak figpl-ifs 4retiliirs4r. She Uwe, whom he dn.:
seitY4 ifinfiUlteliatrinti sclent, his presieft
•OitiltithE 'Kilt • lobed sad oat)* come item
th•epthitessoet Of Mlle 101 Whom therefore he pays
• ti, ;.1 •

subinission as he has twea.paid to -himself-in
_by oriental slaves. His whole conduct tends to
increase the influence of riches, from which alone, be
:ions, be 'derives his own importance. What
is his eloquence ? What is his learning? What his
beneficence to mankind ? Little; perhaps none.- But
his estate is large, his house large, his park large. bit
manors many, his equipage, on a birth day, the most
splendid in St. Jaa►es's-street. Long-Acre gives him
a passport to court favour. With a seat is the Hasse,
and-an unrivalled equipage and mansion. he deems
himself justly entitled to be made, in due time, a
baronet at least, if not an hereditary lawgiver of his
country.
By a constantly successive indite of such men from
the eastern climes, furnished with the means of tor-
ruption, and inclined to promote arbitrary principles of
goeernoient, it cannot be doubted, that n►ttch is con-
tributed to the si►irit of deszstisni. Who among them
would not add to the mass of that power anti splendor,
to possess a large share of which has been the first ob-
ject of a life spent in unceasing cares, at the risk of,
health, and in a torrid zone?
And what is left to oppose the spirit of despotism
thus animated in its progress by enormoits opulentl.?
Is it the virtue of the honest country gentletuv, who
lives on his estate, possessing nothing and hoping►
nothing from the favour of courts? Is it the independ-
ence* of the middle and the lower ranks: too nu-
merous to be bribed either by gifts or expectations?
Both, it is to he feared, will be too slo.t• in their o'ppq--
sition to the gigantic monster, if not too fcehle. Lay
will not often risk their repose in a dangerous
contest with optilunce and power. They stand in
awe of the sword and the law ; which, in b.d times,
have been equally used as instruments of injustice.
Contented with the enjoyment of plenty, or the
amuse wools of rural sports, they sin Auto a st.etti of in-
difference to public affairs. antl. t avF the fiel,l
open to those who have no right IS my/ it at ali,
wuch less exclusively. 1"..
Thus the community- econses ed into twode-
scriptions of men( titacurruptors. the• ;
those who seek wealth/had "hononra without virtue,
ant those who seek only`-their own ease, regar4-
less of the public.—(Spirit of Despotism.)

'taw I.YTELLIOENCE.

COURT OF IKINO'i RF.Netl. Fen.
Middlesex Sit'leas after. Hilary Tenn. before the Loan
Cuter J u %rive and Common Juries.
• trrivirseivr, Ken. r. 110OGAIIT.
TMs was an action to recover a deposit of 1,3111.
paid on the purchase of an estate sold by the defentlapt
at public auctivorP.
Mr. SCARIATT and Mr. CHITTY were for the plain-
tiff, and Mr.GuaNte for the defendant.
The estate itteinestion had been sold by public anr-
Arien, with a warranty fur good title, and the plaintiff
paid a deposit of :10 per cent. into the bands of the
dnrant, as auctioneer. It turned out that the
was enctuniiered with a rent charge of 5001. of
which the plaintiff was not apprised at the time of the
sale. A negotiation was afterwards entered into by
the plaintiff with the vendor, for the purpose of coo.
pleting the purchase, but it en led without the sale
being effected ; and on the same day the plaintiff gate
notice to tee defendant to retain the deposit in his

hand,.
Mr. Gus Nair eauteatiod, that the segociation
tireen the plaintiff and the vendor operated as a waive,/
of the claim on the defendant, hut—
The Cum JusTice ruled to the contrary, and,
under his Lordship's directions, the Jury found for the
plaintiff--Daluages, I,:►uo/.

COURT OF COMMON P.olB.—Doeux, Fes. S.
r. LORD OLENTWORTO.
Mr. E. PEgsKFarllelt skewed came against the
conditional order, " that " the outlawry may he set
aside.—lt appeared from the affilavita on boih sides,
that the plaintiff hail* sued Lord Olentworili for a
debt of 271., and had obtained a judgment for the
son' of 59/. Upon this judgment the plaintiff had
proceeded to outlawry, and issued three writs of (.1-
p/us uillgatwa, directed to the Sheriffs of three
Counties, and upon those writs hal obtained a finding
of all the estates of the Earl of Limerick. The de-
fendanr2t father—upon discovery of this mistake, the
plaiutiff abandoned those proceedings, and issued new
writs directed to the saute Sheriffs, ald obtained a
finding of an annuity, payable to the defendant, and
charged on all the estates of .the Earl of Limerick ;
at the time of issuing the last writs, the defendant
was in the custody of the Marshal of the Four
Conr.,s, and plaintiffs attorney did not, iu his autda-
vit, deny his knowledge of,the fart.
Mr. (IooLD, for the defendant, in the coarse of his
argument, stated, that the County Cork estate alone
contained 13,000 acres, and said, the proceeding by
cesioditpto hail become inordinately oppressive.
Lord Nottnuav, after all the Judges of the Court
had delivered their unanimous opinion, and the King
leut his prerogative writ to civil actions. to do justice
between the parties, and not for t :e purposes of op-
pression; when the proceedings are oppressive. the
Court will exercise their discretion—the judgment of
the Coin is to disallow the cause shewn with costs,
to he paid by plaintiffs attorney, and let the plaiuti.;
elect in which County he will prot.eed.

• - •
4111 W
OM ANTAL MANN ER S, vinalkais
lends a
AND TOT IDEAS isiitiro IN TOIITII, ROTS IN TIM ,India by
Warr •NO TAFT. MM o
OS, _rot:suss' TO TIN increase
• • "lii4ifito Air naitsimaii. is consci

- -
iort jeorgeous silks and luscious
ies, but we imp& at...the saute
rspotism, which adds d snity to
bitterness tVthe er
feudal times, it i r a
r slavery war* Atm
negro. They not 'on
it a. torrid sone. They were not
to personal lazory for personal
t. lint the atm is rendered a

••
"
•

1'
1 I h
