'use for which HAMPDEN fell in Me Field, and SYDNEY died on the Sc‘Odd 1-

• IiMYWOU OF HAITI.

The k,llowing interesting letter from a person
of high situation in the New Kingdom of Hayti, will
give our readers the satisfaction of wing that that
Veo;.le, r; deemed by the Revolution from the hor-
rible slavery to which they were subjected, prove
themselves to 1)e veta.ited by the most political
inaNinis, to give strength and stability to tl.e Go-
% eminent, and !tunniess to the people. The King
his taken the priaicnt coma of securing the at-
tachnient of his troops, by conceding to them
grants of land, and ::,is miring to them the means
of cultivating them; while they are still within
the reach of a summons to military duty. Con-
scious of his strength, King Henry rejects all over-
tures (tom France.that shall not conic to him with

the recognition of his independence, as from one
brother King to another. _

Pape Henry, this ?..1 Sept. I‘l9—Year 16.
Sir—Since my last letter, the Government has seen
it in it power, to put in exmution several parts of its

zreat plan, such as the concession of land to the officers,

under o!ti::•rs, a:td soldiers of the guard and army—a

plan which has already shewn all the advantage which
ought reasonably to be expected. The lands granted to
the gstArd, which amounts to right thousand men, are
given in the environs of citadel Henry, in such manner,
at the stroke of a drain to rally that force to the point
required: and to farilitatc the culture to which these
brave fellows are going to turn themselves, ltovernment
has resolved to make the arqui,ition of a considerable
quantity of furrowing to,)1-,, and her cultivating uten-
sils, whi,ll have alrea.!y ;wen ordered from our friends

in London. His Mejesty does more—he assists them
in their establishments: he gives rewards to those
who marry, either in cettle Jr any other encourage-
ment; or money, so that they may enrich themselves, and
enable them to buy other portioros of land when they
have large families. Orders here likewise hero given
by the Uovernmew, to mace contracts for twenty-live
thousand barrels of dour, a thonsan I barrels of beef, and
as many of pork ; and contracts have been male for
rovisions with severe] American merrhants; the
• upplies will arrive in twenty ileys, and the rest at
it y;,,, of fifteen days. I estimate tha: the iiovern-
mkot will expend from three to brie hundred thousand
(Jolters to assist these new inhahitauts in their establish-
ments. It will be seen whet it is to have ample means
in hand, and to know how to :o Ike use of it fur the ge-
neral
good and common happiness ; and it may be
judged what a like Borer eat can do, when it deter-
mines itself upon a thing Atb desire to accomplish It.
We hare received many overtures from Jamaica and'
front Martiniqrse, to treat with France.' In truth I do
not kuow whet to think of thefts proposals; what et e•
they he caned but iesignificant ? for it is not with Mar-
tinique nor Jamaica that 411,einess can be done; it is
directly with the French tiovernment, and to do that, it
must declare itself openly, ail without shuffling upon
the independence of Hayti and t!.e Government ; it is
iu vain to euloiz • the thing, to nuke ns declare before
laying down the basis of the imp) dation ; we will never
du it; and the more it shall persist, the more it will pot
us upon our guard, and perhaps it will oblige ns to souse
steps elsewhere, which will break for ever the hope of
arriving at a .ree-onable arrangement. If that Govern-
ment knew better our situation, or mth! bring them-
selves to what instrurtell persons advance, it would see
that it loses a favourabl.• opportunity to run after a
chimera. You hive often con; ersell with me upon
many important points which occupy the Government,
now you have it in your power to see them develope
themselves daily ; do not believe all the follies which they
circulate at Paris, upon this part here, with the other
part of the south west ; believe that neither the one
nor the other can attempt any thing to hurt us ; do not
believe a single word of what they tell, that Boyer has
intention to march spinet ns, or us against 1 • ;
Boyer's plan is to keep himself quiet. The war he has
111ustained with Gowan, who has but a handful of men,
badly armed, and without ammunition, fir nine months
past, gives you the measure of what he can du and un- 1
dertako in that respect. 41 honked intriguers, issued'
bleak limn all coantries, are assembled at fort-au-Prince.'
and lie all they can to prevent the communication of
that people with this. They have more to fear for
their lives, and the little busty which they 1/111:1AS wi:11
ditTrulty, than to attempt hJetil.• proceedings ageiast
ns: To preserve their influence, they are obliged to
abandon the people to licentiousness and barbarism,
without hieing able to repress it. They cannot impose
their falsehoods on the public het et te o thousand
leagues from them, by thr:r miserable Gazettes, which
the Haytians do not reed, and which are printed but
to send to Europe. Those people will not presume
to march (even snpposing that s •,lio troops might follow•
them) against a dis..iplingd army, which exercises daily,
and has a firing artillery n! twenty pieces of cannon,
and officers acknowletlesel :he best in liayti ; beside.,
you have seen the tro.,::s of the King's 6:teed exercise ;
vou saw tbetn at tape Henry, when his Majesty was
there. ghe feet is, that his Majesty has taken the reso-
lotion not to make iv tr with the troops of the south-west.
because his policy demands to take rare of onrseives in
ease the common enemy should come : people who do
not know this, now pretend that we are going to march
against Boyer, then that Royer is going to march against
ns—neasen se.
We hare haul a visa Gunn Admiral Popham; he staid
sotue day., here, and sew the King a he was treated anti
complimented wherever he went.
Sir George Collier hes a 1..) p:lssed same days here.
after coming off a eruise on the coast of Afeiea against
the trailer, in human tlesh ; he etas communicated to me
the Gazettes of S:erra Leone, which have given me
pleasure; he visted the .leatleme and National Schuolst
lie ma!e a trip in the conntry,and visited the line Sugar
works its the neighbourhosel.

ADDRESS TO MR. HOBHOUSE.

The foiiowir•; is a copy of the Address to Mr. Hob-
house, voted at a Meeting held at the Castle Inn, Liver-
pen!, on :Monday last, and now under signatr.re in this
town :

veral

MIIIIIIIIik--- ---r'-
--' --•"''''F=
.- ---•-• - ._'''''•''~''''!"•wiii'''-'____ ~...--........5.„- :....„- . , . -,-,...--:-__.------e- ~.. _,„„__ _
'%•-••••••••••••k
, ••
•• l'_* ::. . -:604•-• •
• nie. -.".:. e.....-•• : 4
•'• 4bierf.•••• tvN • ...
:.i;
...ji:ec.• , :1. I:. '.... ...
St• *
; •••: . ;z. 4 . ...s." •••-•
..... • _." .•
.A "g , s•-•., : • . Er• • IN* i
• 1
liitr. %, .. •.... .
. . .. .
r ill
. •
Loman, .
i
ING, JANUARY 4, 1820. . •
rid, and SYDNEY died on the Scoijidd !" PRICE 7D.
ADDRESS TO .11R. NOBHOUSE. EDINDURNII - NEWS. '
—no— :..
to followine• is a copy of the Address to Mr. Hob- At an adjourned meeting of the Justices of the Navel ~
e, voted at a 3leeting held at the Castle Inn, Liver- of the county of Edinburgh, held at Musselbirgh, ti.e
,on alunday last, and now under signatere in this 2Stle December ult., the colliers anti:workmen at the cel-
-1 : lieries of SherilThall. Flmonston, Craighall, and Cow-
TS) JOGS CAM !10111101.-SE. Esit. pits, came forward with assurances of their loyalty an 1
R-11-e, the undersigned, inhabitants of Liverpool attachment to the King, and veneration for the Consol- '
the environs. beg- leave to address yon, fur the pen-- tittion, and offered their serilces in any manner that the
ef expressing the indignation and regret with which . .
lave heard of the new exercise of that undefined and Lord Lieutenant and Deputies should think most propel
trary power, bv which, miscalling it privilege, the for presenting the peace of the county; when a number i
se of Coliiiiiiiiis I,:iii• subjected yott to forcible ar- of tho inli4leitan•s of Musselburgh,as well as the 'colliers . . i
a, I cast erii info prison. were sworn in extraordinary constables for preserving
n assiemption of power, whirl, places the liberty of peace and *Jed order ; at the same meeting a letter was
powyle at the discretion of that assembly, we should
laid before the Joisticee, front Mr. Kemp, Chief Magi...
A with the utmost ji- 'lousy and uneasiness, even if
die- ;11 reality what tt professes to he, a representa. trate at Musselburgh, ;imposing., if necessary, to raise
of the people: brit, when the notorious fact that a two cueqsanioni of volunteers.
I
•-• majority obtain their seats h) tier nomination and A meeting of the Iseritors, householders, and inhabi-
t
mace of a few individuals (some of whom are mere huts of the town awl parish of Irvine, was held at Irvine
ers :is the power which they thus abuse) is recorded lately, for the purpose of considering the distressed state ,
sir painfill experience, and especially in the expo' of the operative mauufacturers, and the most efficient
ce of the last and present Session, When we see the inerins of affording them relief. A subscription was en-
-eseqtations, the remonstrances, the prayers of a tend into for providing them with employment, and,
:au! but greatly suffering people, altogether disre- we arc happy to say, about 1501. was subscribed, and a
Jed ; a profligate expenditure persisted in, and bur- considerable sum more is expected. A subscription for
is largely iteereaseol which were already insupeort- the same purpose was raised in Irvine about two months
t; when we are visited with further restraints, with ago, at whit-le time upwards of 1601. was subscribed, and I
'e fearful coercion, because we complain of existing %Oriels leas been expended.
a; and the national demand for inquiry into event.., We understand that the company of the 6th Royal
eh have juste excited universal horror, Inca been Veteran Battalion, which embarked at Leith on Tuns- i,.
Ily anti insultingly repelled ; we Amide,- while tie day se'nuight on board the Trusty smack, experience.l
template the boonnolless liceire with which such a a severe: gale of wind on Friday morning, after leaving
,-er may he excro•ised ! Heavily Bay. The Prompt and the 'Frosty both gut
Ito. Sir, even in cirtmestances so discouraging-, it u; the Corksatul, in attempting to make Harwic:e : .1
al id her 1111 l e ;he descendants of men who purchased the Prompt get off and made sail, and got into Harwich
r
la their blood thee Heists and liberties by m hide Eng.." that night. The Trusty struck several times on tit,
i
[I became r• land of freedom, to forget' that oilers is a hank, but in about twenty minutes fell into deep water,
rerisment, not of privilege. hut of law'. And, bearing looween the bank and the west rocks ; she came to an
nine' tlee greet prier-iples of the Constitittioe, we ask, anchor, with signals of distress flying, but the weather
' is,, one oseirlit to be fedge im his airs, ra,-.e," with aas .a) thick they voila not be seen ; she rude out the
it promt Lev the !tense of Commens, professing to be gale for twenty-three hours, when it abated and cleared
guardiaes of our right-, when they accuse an Eng- ita. On Saturday morning she reached Harwich, with
moan of " scandalous libel," can presume also to de- 1 the loss of her rudder, which snapped on leaving the
nine that lee is melte ? We ask, it "so )117.1 $'lllllllC hank the night before, where she remains to repair.
,riseeed ert by lanyi4jadgose.st of leis peers, or I. Captain Fuesey deserves great ptaise for the seaman•
late of tar had," bon lee can lawfully he coinsigewol like manner in which he conducted himself en this ar-
rant by the vote, the divided yo:o b.., of it...A as-ems 'lnoue occasion. On reaching the point at Landgnaril. i
? And see ask, if "there is no trron.., n•ithoat a rr- the Prompt towed in the 'frosty. The names of the
ify," where is lee to seek a remedy for the wrong Offiecrs on board the Trusty were :—Major Rose, Cap- .
lc!' lee may suffer at their hands:. tains M'lhonald, 111• Niel, and Gray, Lieut. Fowler and •
Sat the House, it seems, deemed it necessary to up. Ensign Forel, of the Veterans ; and Ensign Sheaf, of
the :tOtil regiment. A ship was on shore on the Gun-
II " ita dignity." If there be dignity in conefeeeming
tan to imprisonment without bearing' lible without tleetSanletoiinto , and
arwabandoned, but got off on Monday and
;prying any of the essential forms, and in niter eh,-
lon of the sacred spirit of law, a despotism may he
ler.oue Ilich.
LINLITHGOW.—We learn that the Magistrates .
!mist dignified of Governmente! But, in our con- of this burgh, ever alive to the wants of their less t
etiten, dignity is best maintained by a regular and up- opulent neighbours, have opened a subscription
.ht diselearge of appointed duties; and we are con- for the relief of the industrious labourini clams of the o -
pet, t, ,;et when the Members of tint House of Com- counnenitv, and having show. a Amaiwa ed iiheraii!v,
..1
eta stasli shoe tthemselves the servants. nut the enme
on this occasion themselves, their example has been lot-
, i
aof the people ; when fiery shall. listen to our just lowed by the other respectable inhabitants, the const--
nplaietts, redress one manifold gnevaoices, and pro- i *mice of which is, that from the food thus raised from
-t us front the oppression of corrupt and audacious impure of svheich is, that from the fend thus raised frouue
-Ins fritstm ihi 0111,rt-ssiein uI rorruiist mid audacious donations of the Duke of Hamilton, the Earls of Hope- i
inisters, they wilt find that no libel, however scanda-
t , Itoseherry, and Selkirk. Mr. Johnston of Straittm,
is, ea .s shade t:.••lustre of thiot true dignity, which Dr Seton of Preston, Mr. Blair of Avontoun, Mr. !o'er- 4.
pith, repose, in undisturbed serenity, on national re- vier of Bellside, Mr. Dawson of lionnyoun, and other
vet and gratitude! leeritors of •the parish, the families of upwards of 100 ;
Ve ri 'merely regret the personal inconvenience. Sir, householders leave been seasonably relieved from tlee o
at lii le yon are unjustly and unlawfeliy exposed ; but distress now so generally felt by the stagnation of trade. a
parching the offence of which you are eccused, as exi- and consequent want of employment. We rejoice to
rice of your honest zeal fur your country; and anxious add, that all descriptions of persons are quiet and or-
derly ine-lined in this district, and that no symptom
at the public wrung sustained in your person may lead
lettere public benefit, we trust that, ere long, we shall whatever of discontent prevails.
e vme in a more important station, where, by the side
Amt, Dec. W.—APPREHENSION or rive or THE ass-
tile illustrious Burdett, you way, like him, approve
DITTI. WIIO COMMITTED TON ROBBERIII6 AT RIIICIIRIM '
oterst-lt the able, eloquent, and undaunted assertor of AND BORLAND.-31r. Ouni, the chief constable, having
tr invaded rights; the faithful trustee of a faithful, learned on Tuesday night that five persons, of susp.-
tough injured people. Onus appearance had been seen in the morning passion- .
We are, trifle much respect, Sir, Ballnellington, and at mid-day at Corsphairn, left Ayr •
Your obedient servants, at ' (night, and after travelling by Corsphairn, Bake,
NUE FOLLOW TOR BIGNATTICII.J
1 and New Galloway, a distance of 5S miles (all of Willa.
excepting the last stage, he accomplished with one
Lirerpoof, '27th Di-reader, Ittll9. horse), was successful in taking the banditti into cm's-
___
tody, at Newton Stewart, between three and four in the • -
CIIIIIST.H.IS DAY. afternoon of Wednesday. At Dairy Mr. Gunn hire,i a
_....esse..— hers.., and took along with him an assistant from that
[reo3l Tilt 10•11 LIN EVENING roar.]
place; at New Galloway, he learned what road the rub-
bers had taken, and kept a close pursuit, until he. came
It has tong been the custom, and we hope it will con- within seven miles of Newton Stewart, where he had
nun to be' Use castu.n of the Irish periodical press, not infermation that they were only two miles before linos.
s publish ou t'llristiuss-day. We slat!, willingly, leave Ile then dispatched leis assistant, who was in the dress
mutation of this, tee almost only remaining holiday., of an old farmer, with instructions to pass them ; and, on
a the .thinking and religious folk who conduct the arriving at Newton Stewart, to raise a party of suffici. . .
eirspapers of England. From peculiar eircumstanc.es. ent strength for their apprehension. A party was raised
the Eat-min,Nat and The Patriot (with the exeept accordingly, Mr. G. still keeping behind, lest any of the
4' the Weekly Papers) were the only Journals which robbers sliould recognise him, until the party on one
or the purpose of not violating a custom held -.arred F 0 hand. and he on the other, closed on them according to
ong amongst Is us, printed on the preceding Friday. Ili agreement, j'tist as they entered 'the Town of Newton
Ming so, we bet eve we did not displease the public, nor Stewart. Having placid a strong guard, and oth trwise
env authority, civil or religions. Nay, we believe we al secured them, he retained them in Newton-S exam ail
it '
lot violate the provisions of any. Al
this city, which would beof Parliament. A
loottrnal, however, priwed in a gist, and on Friday they arrived here on a large rat e,
being strongly bound with cordage, and escorted hy
e disgrace to the press of Jagganaut, if they bad a press
:Isere, and which, as far as its influence got:s, is a di.- cavalry.
hinutelf and assistants, and a detachment of Yeomanry
grace to the Irish Government, withoUt whose aid it On Tuesday week, a well-dressed, stout-made, decent li
amid not xis: for one week—hiss invoked the assis awe country-looking man, wearing a drab coloured great
,f informers, for the purpose of visiting us with penal- coat, entered Whousr in Charlotte-lane, Glasgow. whir re
he very soon ingratiated himself with the laud) ord am ri
tie‘ far the alleged violation of the provisions of a Stamp
leis wife. Ile stated, that he was a smuggler, had a cart
Act. •.1s this rag is likely to get into tlee hands of a
load of whisky and a horse, in the neighbourboo I of Lit-
few, even of that respectable order of the I °tune:wily, we
tie Govan ; he came from Falkirk, and told a number of
shall cope a part of the paragraph, recommending it to
amusing stories. The old couple were charism I with
their profouid consideration. Slier a rine portion of
preli their new friend, and exerted themselves to olilige him;
iiiitt.i:.y trash, The HiherniaaJournal thus winds top
is aetion-lian:ing paragraph:— and he, equally pleased, promised a present nest time
" V. c shall cowhide by stating what is well known, lee came to Glasgow, which was to be *eon ; he shrove I
a reel valuable watch. Before day light next morning
that should any printer publish leis newspaper on a day
for w11;r11 he is not registered to do so, any informant he awakened his host, and sent him to the other side of
giving information of such a fact, is by law entitled to the water to bring his horse and cart. lie then took
half the amount of the penalty, which is considerable, the poor man's watch and 10s. of silver, and comities
and which penalty the Commissioners cannot refuse to through the kitchen, requested a little silver from the
inflict or abate." woman, stating.that he had given her husband a one
Now, if we had, in our intention to avoid violating the pound note previously to his going out ' • Is. W. n-as all .
most saered of Christian festivals, innocently violated she had, and with it and his other booty this peerless
the provisions of an .Ict of Parlament, in a case neither villain got clear off. The same person, it would appear. o
injurious to the r: ureter nor trenching on public deco- called at a house on Saturday evening, in Dove-hit:-
ruin, in what epithets would etiotetopt. and abhorrence street. said he was a carrier, load got leis leg hurt, allot
•
,lescriloe the mindful of this Journal f Yet a print that
ocethl have acted:bus iliegraco•fully, the i en-emit-neat, we that his carts had gone to Hutchesontown. After havieg
been kindly treated by the people, he wished to erocure .
reaiiy think, disgraces itself by supporting. a trusty person to send about three miles off for 41,1161.
.. - -..---.. .
cash, to whom he offered to give as. The loe itera
A great fall of snow occurred in Cork and its went. Enable to procure ehange, the woman gave him. . .
neighbourhood on Sunday Maltz; it commenced on Sun- what she had, and it Ileigithoo• kill the strung -r a aloft-
e
day afternoon, and continued with little intermission ling. He then sent his landlady for anot'ser ea, ewe, ta ,
until Monday morning. On some of the roads near speak with him, amida I u}•, who lees in *be le.oeses for a
'lent city, we understand it has fallen to the depth of sit- drink of u ,ter. and in their aimed .c Carrie' ..r. watch.l
veral feet. and ilisap; c irel
,
•
