will be that liberty which wilf4enable them
it instruments of slavery, and to assist in pe
a system which equally weighs down all denowina•
'ions, and which all denominations are equally in-
terested in petting down.
Such is Ar. Plunkett's Bill of Emancipation; for
this the Catholics of Ireland ha►e been advised to
suppress their honest feelings of indignation at the
treatment of their Queen for the last twelve mouths;
for this they have been advised to separate themsel►es
from the Reformers of the British Empire; for this
they were told to hold back and wait the progress of
the Royal inclination in their favour. What is this
Bill of Mr. Plunkett to he the herald of his Majesty
to Ireland ? is this to be the messenger that is to
gladden all hearts and unite all parties ? Is this to
be the Royal boon to Ireland ? His Majesty little
knows his Irish people, if he imagines such a boon
could conciliate their esteem ; they are a sincere,
stsuit-forward, generous people ; they return with a
prolific gratitude the unsuspicious generosity of their
ruler*, bat they would disdain the bribe that is offer-
ed to purchase a little rank in the state by a surrender
of their principles as men or as Catholics.
-

--- --- - - - -
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Rank Stork India Stock
3 per Cent. Red. shut. Ditto Bonds 31s. pm.
Sp... Geist. Con. 701 71 Mouth-Sea Stock
31 per reit. shut Mr*lltsild. Ile. li. 414
4 per Casts. shut. minis= for Money pm
is per Ct. Nary 1031/ Flank for Account tile 21
b per Cent. India for ditto
Long Atm. shut (on. for Aect 701 711 71 711/1
Imp. 3 perl'ent. 701 Lott. Tickets —I. —s.
Irish .1 per Cent.

Etc ktattiSmatt•
6. TIM BRITISH STATIMIAN" II INCORPORATID MTV " TUB
ITATYSIIA4."

L0NI)ON:
►oIUAT ETENINU, MMCH 23, 182).

STOCK EXCILINGS, OVE O'CLOCK.

The Funds have hcen gradually upon the rise this
nsorning. The market opined with Consols at 70/ for
the Account, and have been done at 711 ; the market
still looking well. This is occasloneJ chiefly by there
brine no confirmation of any battle having been
toneht, and no reports of any consequence, joined to
scone roo4.lerahle purchases having given spirit to the
Market, which may continue till there are some fresh
arrivals.

A private express arrived this morning from Paris,
whir+ immediately operated on the funds. It is un-
derstood that the French funds have been privately
done so low as 73, but this morning's account from
Paris brings them 7jf. 50c. In consequence of the
above rise, various reports were prevalent at noon on
'Change, viz. that the Neapolitans have been defeated
by the Austrians, and have offered to negotiate; bat
nothing positive is known.

A ci►ewaatanee, we

with the harvests of last year, which though not hi-
therto noticed, and probably not much known in
Europe. may ♦ery materially affect the military pro-
gress of the enemies of the Neapolitans. The country
round Odessa is well known to have afforded those
large supplies of Russian wheat that were occasion-
ally, of la►e years, brought to England, and that
hail a revolution in the corn trade of the
Mediterra-0 in. That country, we are well in-
formed, was so inundated with rain, and with
vie overflowing of the river Bog during the
latter part of last year, as to render that which
hail been the granary of neighbouring and distant
districts scarcely capable of supplying food sufficient
for its own population. This important fact must, of
course, have been unknown to those who conceived
the idea of marching 10(1,000 Russians down to the
Crimea, to be embarked for Naples; for the resources
of Odessa being cnt off, and the rest of the south of
Rubio being is a distressed condition, we apprehend,
that the Emperor of the Russias, notwithstanding all
his power, will, from the want of roads, and from the
various other obstacles that present themselves in that
uncultivated region, find it extremely difficult, if not
impracticable, to establish or to furnish with the speed
the occasion requires, depots of provision there for
such a numerous host. In corroboration of the want
of grain in the Mediterranean ports, we may bring to
our waders' recollection what we stated some days
ago, that large quantities of foreign corn that had
been ware' on•ed in England, had recently been
shipped for the Mediterranean market.

We hare this utorning received llambnrgh papers
to the !Nit instant, of which the following are

ettr.tzts :--•

Svocknous, Maness 2.—The following is the re-
markable proposition which the King has addressed to
the Norwegian Diet, in respect to the nobility:—
" The Diet assembled in ISM laidbefore his Ma-
inly, for his approbation, a resolution which tendered
to fit the rights of the nobility in Norway.
" However inclined the King was in favour of the
principles on which the Constitution of the kingdom is
founded, as well in the whole as in the 23d paragraph,
let hi. Majesty thought that it seemed doubtful If the
dispositions in the resolution were conformable to the
parazraph of the Constitution, and whether the
welfare ado- kingdom regnired the sudden overthrow
Wan institution which, according to the annals of the
north, goes bark to the remotest ages, because the Nor-
wegian nation was from its origin warlike. His Ma-
jesty therefore judged it advisable not to confirm this
disposition.

" As the second Ordinary Diet of 1819 made a decree
144 was 'awl) similar to the first, his Majesty bad,
by the seine motives, again refused it his sanction. As
his Majesty is convinced that the welfare of the State
rimiest be effected except when the kingdom and the
lirreeematives endeavour reciprocally M atilt each

go to abolish the feudal rights which the Nobility pos•
sees and exercise with respect to their property. At
the same time his Majesty calls the attention of the Diet
to the indemnifications which will be required to make
good the loss incurred by this measure.
" As this affair will probably be a subject of discus-
sion in the present Diet, his Majesty considers it Lis
duty to invite the assembly to reflection on the fW
lowing :
"At the time when the Constitution was drawn up,
it was thought advisable not to make any alteration in
the rights of the Norwegian Nobility, and of the funda-
mental law, and no more was done than to determine
that no new privileges should be granted ; and it tva
deferred to a future opportunity to examine the tines.
tion, whether a total abolition of the Nobility was useful,
and supposing that it were useful, must not great caution
be shown in the choice of the urn:tent fur changing a
civil institution which has existed from time ileum-menial,
in Norway, as well as in the rest of Europe ? Du not
prudence and policy demand that regard should be
had, nut only to the people among whom the reform is to
take place, but also to those with which it is connected?
" nut the present moment appears to be not at
all favourable to this matter. The ferment of
people's minds in Europe, the attention which the
powers pay to all political innovations, give ground to
expect that so decisive a step as is propowel with respect
to the Nubility of this kingdom, would excite great
sensation in other States.

" The unfavourable impression for Norway itself,
which might be made upon Governments with which it
is politically connected, is the more to be apprehended,
as such measures as the proposal of the Diet int:toles
will always appear unjust to the families who woold
be thereby stripped uf rights whicl► are guaranteed by-
the law.

Norway is by the Constitution, a free independent
Kingdom, but it exists, like the most powerful States, as
it were with other States. Its course must 1w in harmo-
ny with the course which they follow, or most at least
not clash with them. The opinions which other Nations
conceive of our laws, our policy, our wis,lotn, cannot be
indifferent to the N orw•egian people. The li glt, whirls exile.:
rience and resection continue to throw on all important
subjects, especially politics, wit! afford it means to take at
a future time, a resolution on this subject which shall
be more secure, and more maturely weighed than pre-
sent circumstances allow.

" His Majesty therefore believes, that political mea-
sures of great importancn to the maintainanre of the
Yowl understanding which prevails between us and ro•
reign Powers, require that the Diet *horrid not take wp
this salojert deriag this session, and his Majesty thertlbav
proposes that it be dfferred.—But much as the kb*
wishes that, the Diet may not agitate the question of tile
abolition of the Nobility, Isis Majesty can have IMP
objection to the Diet's taking into consideration the
&Wide* et all rights which are contrary
the Constitutional principles of our social compact.
At the same time the Kinr proposes to the Diet to grant
to the possessors of fiefs an indemnity equal to the
lama which will accrue to them, and the real benefit of
which will be reaped by the State--(liases(argisCarres-
pendent.)
Hsmovau, Malec!' 7.—We hear that our Diet will
shortly be prorogued sine die.
COPUNIIAGEN, Winos 6.—The appointment of Count
Charles Etnelius Von Moltke to tise post of Anshassaslor
to the Court of (Ireat Britain, is now notch known.
A Royal Decree ordains that as it is the duty of
every one to appear when called before a Court of Jus-
tice, this duty is still more imperative on every one who
has been favoured with orders, insignia, rank. other, or
other dignity, and such a person who, instead of
appearing, travels out of the kingdom, shall in 1111 l
lay aside his orders and insignia, as also his rank,
office, and dignity ; and in CaSi• he is a nobleman, or
enjoys any privileges of nobility, he shall not exercise
such privileges.
The Sound is covered with solid ice, an.l sledges
have arrived from Sweden by way of Hoeen; but to the
south it is still open, and a few slays ago an English
brig from the Baltic arrived oft l'rovestren, whirls is
therefore in some danger. The Great Belt is partly
covered with ice, which stops the passage for the present.
A fortnight ago 10 vessels sailed from Cappeln for
Copenhagen with provisions, but as they dial nut arrive
before the frost, they are probably frozen up somewhere.
—(Handbarrgh Papers, March 13.)

The motion of Mr. last night, in the Ilouse
of Commons, which was similar to what had been re-
jected the preceding Session, was virtually agreed to,
by the appointment of a Committee, as proposed by the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER. The object of the
patriotic Member is a reduction of the expenses in the
collection and receipt of Assessed Taxes, and Stamps;
and though the amount be small compared with what
might be lopt off the other branches of the national
expenditure, it is yet sufficiently large to be deserving
consideration, at a period like the present, which calls
for the most strict economy. The success attending.
Mr. Husts's exertions on this occasion. is the well
earned reward of useful and indefatigable perseverance.

The motion of Sir Roaster Wt LION, though with-
drawn, has given rise to a discussion which furni>be•
abundant matter for resection to the people of Eng-
land. They have now the sentiments of the aris-
tocracy in both [louses before them, and may there-
fore indulge in an expression of their own feelings,
without incurring the charge of presumption. De-
sirous of being as nearly as possible the organ of
national opinion, we believe it is no exaggeration to
say, that the men who fell at Talavera, Sala-
manca, and Vittoria, as well as those who moistened
the sanguinary field of Waterloo with their blood,
would with still more alacrity fight fur the indepen-
dence of Italy. If they have been often employed
.to curb the spirit of freedom, it is bat junior to add,

. lintels were nun while contending
of mankind. But, according to Mr.
Lord CAPILERAGII, it is the inserest
to preserve a strict neutrality on the
present occasion. In conforming to this doctrine, let
not the fieople forret, that it n as also the interest °flit). I
vernment not to plunge headlong into a war that lasted
twenty years, when the great body of the people,
aided by the eloquence of a Fox, an Eau:kiss:, and a
slletunly solemnly pro'csted against it. Their
efforts were mole in rain. We need not point out the i
consequences of that war—ruined finances, starving
manufacturers, deteriorated agriculture, and annihi -1
tided commerce, furnish a terrible cotument and re-
ply. To judge of the principles that guided the I
aristocracy then as it does now, we have only to
recollect, that the ►tiar of 1793 wit.; waged against
the assertors of human rights, while the nentrality
of 1820 is established, because it mutt necessarily re-
tard the triumph of Italian independence. In 1793 the
legitimate Monarchs and privileged orders were me-
naced, and ne took up the sword to defend them. In
IS2O, the most sacred ri.dits of mankind are attacked,
and we remain tranquil spectators of the deed
It is no trifling consul (tint) for the re (11 friends of
their country to reflect that, true to the immutable
dictates of nature, the people of England have no
feelings in co:ninon with the KING's Mi►►istera now,
say more than they had at the period alluded to.
They certainty participate in the disgrace of contd.
feting to the work of iniquity, as the ()pillion Sn
universally entertained and expressed on the Cotaincnt
demonstrates.

The time is, however, we trust, not far distant,
when this great nation will boldly assert Ps just
horror of thi:se political crimes which have sunk it
in low in its own esteem, and in the opinion of
&rope. Meanwhile, our neutrality is of no import.
rice, except in so far as it prevents our having any
share in the gramd work of emancipation which com-
menced with the glorious Spanish revolution. Al-
though we may bear the humiliation, we shall most
assuredly reap the benefits of the victory.
With a moral conviction that no power on earth
can arrest the progress of mind, or stop the march of
principle on the Continent. it is of little consequence
in our estimation whether the public abuses of Eng-
land, accumulated by past errors, are removed now
or in a rear h 4 nce. That the day of reckouing must
come, we feel assured, and this assurance reconciles ima
to present evils.
Sonic Herman States have, it is said, begun to move:
our only surprise is, how they could have remained
quiet so long.
That the whale of Hermann will shake off the yoke
is amongst those probabilities which are founded urn
unerring data, it has become insupportable ! Finally
we eougratolate our sulleri4g. countrymen on the
dawning of a brighter day, and we thank those
Members of the Honourable [loose, who expressed
themselves so ably and so liberally on Tuesday night.

we anticipated, AI. ', + has not re.occitpietl
his place in the French Ministry, his immediate re-
turn to London being Announced by the Gazelle tir
"ranee. We are by so means surprised at his re-
jection ; the state of public opinion bas undergone a
great chattze since he heist the reins of government,
and sortie very unpleasant disclosures have weakened
not only his moral but political influence. The Duke
has fallen, and we think deservedly, in the estimation
of the liberals ; he c guld expect no favor in the sight
of the occult government ; the Ultras are tliametri
calls, opposed to him, tvltile the actual Ministry were
naturally glad to get rid of such a check on its own
patronage and ambition. We therefore repeat that
neither the immense property acquired by 31. Mc taut
while in power, nor his system of administration have
be-n sufficient to insure confidence or esteem in France.
As the Kist: still enjoys the privilege of nominating
ambassadors, his 31 sa::s.ry has done well in sending
the discarded 3lliiister to England, where, he can
read useful lessons to more than our Statesman, anal
in the certainty of tingling a prototype experience that
sympathy which might nut be so easily obtained at any
other court of Europe.

•
This morning, the following gentlemen attended I
the Chancellor of the Exchequer to treat fur 211,4tr0
Lottery Tickets, when the sealed biddings opened by
the Minister, were—
Mr. Rouse .1'19 18 7
liiih l3 I tl
Sivrwriglit
Carroll ll 11 11
Hazard .
The Governor of the Bank then opened the Minister"
wales, letter, which stated that Lord Liverpool and
himself hail determined not to accept less than 131.10.
per ticket ; the gentlemen are to attend again on
Monday. On leaving the room, Mr. Rouse asliel the
Chancellor of the Ettehriper if it was to be unite: stood
that 13/. 10s. was his minimum price, to which the
31inister replied that it was.
1 Notwith‘tan(lin; the confi knee wilt which this
event was spoken of, we have good reaso; to know,
that until very lately the Royal visit to this country
was not actually decided upon. Some of his Majesty's
Ministers were averse, for what good reason we cannot
well imagine. The month of May has been selected
by some of the London Journalists, as the period of
Isis Majesty's visit, but they were misinformed. Par-
liament will not adjourn for the long vacation until
early in July ; and the King would scarcely quit Rog-
!anti during its sittings.
We are now enabled to state, on authority upon
which we place implicit reliance, that the 15th of
July is the Jay upon which his Majesty may be ex-
pected to arrive in Dublin. During his stay in Dub-
lin, his Majesty will reside at the Castle.—the Lord
Lieutenant will remain at the Lodge in the Phenix
Park. It is not true that the Dublin Society have an
intention of offering their house in Kildare-street for
his Majesty's residence; if the offer were made and
accepted, the whole establishment should be removed,
and such alterations made, that it would take a con-
ti leralsle time, and snitch expense, to restore things
to their former condition. But the probability is,
that the King would not accept the offer of any
place of residence unless what actually belonged to
the Crown.--(Deblia Bombs, Post.)
The young lady, Miss Radford, who was unfortunately
wounded at Paltuer's Terrace, Holloway, we are sorry
to learn, lies still in a hopeless state. The ball, alter
perforating the glass, and passing through See folds of
the window curtain, entered bee eye OE isiodged in
her bind, Iron whence it is hnpossible fos ever to es-
tract it without endogamy's( her life.

WrAT MAN:
to become 1 othor in their wishes, his Majesty signifies to the Met. that their fairest
rpetaatiog that he is disposed to take this matter into consideration, fo# de liberties of
denowisa• if a new proposal is laid before him, which shall only CAtOttxo and L
sually in- to to abolish the fenflal dela' which the Nobility nos- of eloyernotent fc
