1.

~-.

• len
by the stipulations widish had been terinto be-
tween some of the GoVeriments of Europe (whiCh he
'treated 'Would be speedily extended) and
.more espe-
cially by the admission of the right of search, the
great measure of the total abotition of the Slave
Trade wouldeqe lone be Completely accomplished.
Lord CASTLEREAGH explained, that In addi-
tion to the pleasing prospect which this Thirty sod
that with Portugal held not for the speedy abolition
•of the Slave Trade, he had the pleasure to inform the
House, that the King of the Netherlands had acteded
to the principle laid down in the two preceding Trea-
ties with Spain and Portugal, and that a Treaty was
in considerable forwardness to give effect to his Mas.
.jestes humane iiews.—[ hear l]
ktr. WILBERFORCE contended against the dig.
tinction laid down in the cases ottitese complainants
by the lion. end Learned Mover, and eulogised the
humane and liberal prialciplse which now guided
foreign Snvehllgns in their view of thii detestable
traffic. In the ricers Senegal tend Gambia great good
had been effected ; but umfortenately, the recurrence
of this traffic carried desolation and rapineelong t
shores of the unhappy people, .and every thing was
again ruin and dismay, where the germ of the sits of:i
peace bad been but lately sown. Pains •etto4 now i
:taken .to wipe away this grievance, sod .the natives
avereinduced to live by honest iwdustry, and to plant
!plums, rice, indigo, and other artictes, of trade
end value. .erica should. make the traffic piracy
!(foi that it unquestiortabli was), 'and purilifilTai.a
capitol manner the Inhuman parties engaged init;;--
(Hear, hear!)—He concluded by stating that tthe
whole conduct of the Noble Lord (Castlereagh) on
t'lis subject, was highly honourable end iffeCtivirs--
(11ear, hear!). -r• . -I .. '
• Mr.. MONEY rose to complain of a tuisrepresen.
teflon of his sentiments, which had taken place on a
former night, when the SPEAKER called him to
order, as deviating frOm the question before the
House.
Dr. PHILLIMORE, in reply, stated, that with
respect to the question immediately before the House,
the Noble Lord had completely misunderstood hint.
The question was, whether the Spanish Claimants
who had obtained sentences of restitution in the
Admiralty Court of this country, should be 'Placed
by this Treaty on a different footing from that on
which they would have been if this arrangement had
not been entered into? The present question did not
tern on the right of the Spanish Crown over Spanish
subjects—here British subjects were also concerned.
He still maintained that the credit and character of
this country would be impeached, if the decisions of
its highest tribenels should be nullified. It had been
said, that the remedy of the Claimants was not satirist
the Public, but against the captors; but would it be
just that the raptors should he forced to indemnify
the Claimants? . The good faith of the country was
pledged to give, either the restitution of the thing
itself, or the value in money. The Decrees were
obtained long befole the date of the Treaty. He
found no fault with tiring to the King of Spin
400,0001.; but when the Treaty was entered into,
' the case of throw persons who had obtained sentence,
of restitution ought to have been taken into consider-
ation. Ott the faith of the Decree, money could
have been raised in any town of Europe. The credit
of a British Court of Admiralty ought not to hive
been made to depend on the condone of a King of
Spain. Hitherto the Decrees of the. Court of .Ad.
miralty had been uninspeached throughout Europe.
Now the credit of no Government in Europe was
so low as that of the Spanish Government. The
claimants had not the smallest chance of receiving
ally thing from that Government. It is ratter un-
fair too, to say that the claimants had been unmask-
ed, and shown in their true colours. They had ob-
tained the sentences of several Courts in their favour,
with costs and damages. The cases had been ap.
pealed from the Viceroyalty Courts to the highest
Court—and'the claims stood, therefore, on the au-
thority of the highest Triliunal known to the Lew
of Nations. It was too much, therefore, to say the
claimants hail been now unveiled—they ought to
have been unveiled in Courts of Justice. He would
seriously press on the Noble Lord the propriety of
interfering so far with the Spanish Crown as to oh.
fain justice for those individuals, as we were, in fact,
pledged that justice should be done to them.
The motion was then negatived.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved for a Copy of the Circular Letter front the
Tax-office, of the Ist of December last ; and en Ac-
count of the Number of Districts, and the Names of
the Defaulters alluded to in that Letter, so far as the
same have been ascertained.

• Mr. C. WYNN moved for a Copy of the Report
of the Commissioners appointed to tinsel the Manu-
scripts of Herculaneum.
Sir S. ROMILLY presented a Petition, ***eh,
he said, had been put into his hands b 1 thit floc
Member for Winchelses (Mr. Brougham), from Me.
O'llatilon, a Magistrate of the County of Dowe, in
Ireland, and arhicli, be understood, differed in he es-
sential respects from a Petition pristrited last year
from the same Gentleman.
Sir S. ROMILLY presented a Petitlon from John
Mosham, • Merchant in Kineaton-on-11011, com-
plaining of the defective etetuni. the law for toe ee-
covery of debts. A debtor against whom be had ob-
tained a verdict and eiecetion, though possessed of a
landed estate of 50001. a year, preferred living lie
prison and enjoying his revenues there to paying his
debts. Being in the Rules, be contrived to gri about
the country, and was seen at the various watering
places in the fashionable season. _ _

The Four-wheeled Carriage Bill, and the Cork
Importation Bill, were read a second time.—To be
committed to-morrow fortnight.
The Report on the Auction Doty Acts was brought
up and agreed to.
SAVING BANKS.
The Report of the Saving Banks Bill was
brought up.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHZQUER,
moved that it be taken iuto farther consideration the
13th of Ap►il.nest.

General THORNTON and Alderman ATKINS
mule a few ob•erratious on the high rate of interest.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, the sum fitted was perhaps too Kigh, and it
might be lowered. But they ought to proceed with
great caution. When the deduction for eapenees was
made from the 41 per cent. the allosaace recalled

THE STATFSMANC

LONDON:

•-

' bribe persons depositing waitttle Lori than four
lei neat. A lower rate than- this wield not be an
thideoeshent. The difference mighiwot Co weigh with
audit when they 'considered the impriiietneat in in-
Awry end morals which might be wasted for this
'slight sacrifice. It would be repaid theta 'not ten fold,
_beta bandied fold.
The Report was then ordered to be taken into far-
ther consideration on the 13th April. next,
.add the
Bill as amended to be printed.
CUSTOMS CONSOLIDATION BILL.
The Report of thwCestoass Consolidation Bill was
brought up.
.The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
stated, that it was intended in this Bill to consolidate
all the various Duties imposed since 1809, which was
the period when a consolidation last took place. The
diodes would remain nearly as they were, with s few
exceptions. There were a few general principles to
which, on this occasion, he wished to call the atten-
tion of the noose. With respect to the Irish Duties,
which must soon undergo a revision, it was intended
.they should remain for the present unchanged. No
alteration would take place in the Duty on Timber.
' With respect to ad volorunt Duties, at present a
duty of 30 per cent. was laid on unmanufactored
goods and a duty of seventy per cent. on menu.
lectured :.goods. The duty on lbw manufactured
goods was to be reduced to fifty per cent. and
the duty on the unmanufactured goods was to
be reduced from thirty to twenty per cest.-;-,
It would, pethap4 be advisable, that the varied.
'duties on Sugar should be reduced to oat aged rates
but this would be a subject for consideration ' in 'an
advanced state. The duties on goodstarried cossr-
.4stee would continue in' their present 'State, except
the defies on Stone and Slates, which would be ren-
-dered more simple. The duties bn Tonnage would
not be altered. The present duties on East India
goods would be assimilated to the duties on light sr-
ticles imported from other parts of the British domi-
nions. The thrown Silk would be imported from
lidis in the same manner as from ports of Europe
He congratulated the House on the great growth of
the trade to India since the free intercourse with that.
country. The private trade exceeded not only what
the evidence at the her gave reason to expect, but the
most sanguine hopes of the adventurers.—[llear,
hoar!]—lt would he proper to ~give every fair en-
couragement to this trade which might be consistent
with justice to our own manufacturers. It was pro-
posed that raw Silk, manufactured into thrown Silk,.
should, when exported, receive a drawback equal to
to the duty of raw Silk imported. East India Sugar
would be subject to the same regulations as West In
Sugar, if the proposed fited duty was established.
In the linen Trade there would be no slterstion ;
nor would it be fair to make any, without allowing
the Irish manufacturers to be heard on the subject.
Mr. Alderman ATKINS thought it was Impolitic,:
that the same duty should be laid on Sugar of differ-
ent qualities.' He suggested, that the expences,
whiCh attended the bonding of goods should be les-
sened, by which means, he was convinced, we might
again become the great carriers of Europe.
• Mr. FORBES concurred with the Chancellor of.
the Exchequer as to the great increve of the trade to
'lndia in British manufactured goods, especially cot.l
ton. But he remarked, that in India, as if to check
this trade, duties had been laid upon British manta.
factored cottons, which did not exist before.
After a few words from blehsrs. BUTTERWORTO
and ATKINS, and the CHANCELLOR of the EaCll4.
QUalt, the Report was agreed to,•and the Bill or-
dered to be brought in.
The Committee on the Coroners' Election -Bill
was postponed to to-morrow fortnight.
Mr. D. GILBERT brought up a Report of the
Finance Committee, which was ordered to be printed.
—Adistirned.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Hank Stock 5 per Cent. Navy 105 U
3 per Cent. Red. India Bond. 94 p
5 per Cent. Consult 77 ii 78 -- Stock
Conbold for Acc. 78H Long Ann.
4 per Ceut. hicuequer Ilills 14 18 p

THE STATESMAN.

THURSDAY. MARCH 19, 1818.

Parliament did not adjourn last night, but there is
little doubt the adjournment will take place this
evening. The bosiuess in the Commons was of some
interest. •We are not, like Mr. Wicciaronce, dis-
posed to lay out so much of Our humane sympathies
upon Macias, that we cannot atTord to attend to
the claims of our own coffering country, but we
participate in the satisfaction espre'ssed at the in-.'
refrollriOU csicarissiniceted by Lord' CASTI.Ert E:1 GU,.
that enemy to slavery, whop as usual, appeared
to .tehe .no •mill .cretlit for Ws—additional proof.
of his infloence at foreign Courts, that .the
Government of the Netherlands has agreed to
allow the right of search with regard to Nether-
land ♦esttets engaged in the Slave Trade, with a
view to the effectoal abolition of that inhuman
traffic, and that the Treaty for this purpose is yearly
arranged. It will remain to be seen, however, bow
this right of search will be submitted to, when war or
other motives shall give a colour to resistatice. Dr.
Puturstoxes motion relative to the Claimants un-
der our late Treaty with Spain, for the Abolition of
the Slave Trade, was got rid of without a division,
by the force of a vague explanation from Lord CAs-
TLXIIEA6I, who expressed a hoptthat all apprehen-
sion would be removed respecting it, from a convic-
tion that nothing had been done but what sound po-
licy and wisdom dictated and required on such an
occasion.
But the explanations of moat importance to our
commercial interests, given last night, relate to the
CUANGELLOR of the &GURU'S'S plan for the Cou-
