1. , 1.j.; e

.

MASSACRE OP THE &gild ir cusr.ix.
2INOPLR AND SC/O.

A most affecting appeal from the Greeks at Cu&
stantinople to their brethren and countrymen here hie
been received by the last mail from Turkey. By this
statement, it appears, that as soon as the Porte heard
of the insurrection in the Mores sail the islands of
Ole -Archipelago, it own a Peeks with 3000 troops in •
tido, who ordered sixty of the meet respectable men
there to be delivered to bin, as hostages. win,
the news of the invasion of the Seraires
spread in Seio, the principal inhabitants waited oe
the Paella to apprize bias of it. More b• stages
were then required. Eleven days after the Torke.h
fleet arrived at the island. sod landed lifters
thousand soldier, .• or rather ins, who, joisoo
by the 3,000 in the Castle, teeing naalue to al.
lack sad defeat the 3,000 namintes, used their wea-
pons against the innocent and disarmed inhabitant.,
and turned their fury against women and eldldres,
killing, bums& and taking in slavery all the ;eke.
billets of the place. Of the hostages tea were
et ennyaneioople, as remainder at Sci bad
Strangford made generous alone to save thew;
I. a .ing *insipid a promise from the Porte that no hewn
should be dose them, when it suddeoly gave orders
'or their euesitims. The le o in Contantin•pk were
hel‘eaded, and the si is Bele were hang monde
of e castle, is that very maim where is May
of the slaves wore placed, is eight of the Turkish
lest, who had their decks cone., with amok
slaves. " Who ems, without teenage of isdigsatiou,"
say the writers of this pathetic and eloquent appall,
" without execrates/ the perpetrators eft these lerrid
a ts, behold a whole city lately so flearishisg, mne
one heap of rains ; wissAe tillages, iannwerable ma-
tey seats, a prey to the dames ; our celebrated wheel,
library, hospital for the si eir.bn ad reds ofelturehesrichlv
'darned—all, al I ono confused mass of smoking rubbish !
Our Wand lately so much frequented by Europesen,sad
more especially by Eaglish familiesof the first rank, will
now have only her ashes to show the passing swagger.—
You, brothers, friends, and countrymen, are in the ca-
pita of Eagles& the centre of philanthropy; rehire
*wallet a people always famed for their purees
feelings towards the unfirtnnate, for their dislike
to tyranny, and their support of the oppressed,
beg, pray, entreat, appeal, to their feelings, can
upon them as Britons, as fellow beings: it is in.
the cause of humanity and of religion : they m-
oot, will' sot, be deaf to your prayers. They witl
afford us, as far as lies in their power, the torsos of re-
deeming the captive. of aiding these families that are
in a state of nudity and starvation, will so,* arrive fa
almost every pert of the lifediterraseso, when they
have bees enabled to fly from a yoke worse than death.
We rely upon your endeavours, sad still meet epos
the high character of the nation among whom you in-
habit. thousands of Minds are raised towards yes to
claim your interference in behalf of your Oppressed
mount men thousands of hearts will feel 'Mehl for
your assistance. Brethren and Countrymen, exert
y ;melees in behalf of beussaity.
" With tearful eye we cordially Palate you, and beg
you will pray to God for one safety
" Yore B . D COWNTITNICK."

MAILS.
'la' Dube' - - sr. AIT. 1 '-- P.
I Watarbrd - 0 I Illeambrie - - 0
I G. ! Jersey - 0 0 Ammo - • U
O Lisboa - - 0 I /holm - 0
O Goitemberg - 0 •

PRICE OF STOCKS AT C
Swat Ikea 9411
Spr Ct. Ned ...... ..001fil
per et. C... . .
se per Cam.. 90i litt
4 vereeeee I
New Fears
6 peread.l797
rwegAns... ......90 7-161
lop. I pr Ct
Irish 6.. r Cast

TB IS DAY.

Oda See.
011ie Sheds s. s. 4S pe
Sikh See Meek.'
ILIUM) Ssa Old Ass .
NNW • Pus. Par 91.
s par Ss. p
1.. es. 44 p
Wet. Ise Awl Pia&
Let. Tiakets 21/. Its
