~

r,iLMAN.

imimmommemilliennmommalmisammeamsetmemmoitPleammosseselloorxmlinglill"ll.erni•--
late it would cost sore labour toe military BMWs,. and asking for assistance, which, as we hive board,' /V 7112 EDITOR OF TllE STATESMAN.
tician, who should'unsinetsketemiculate. when the bas for the present beensleclioad.--( From as Fr: ........--
liberty of die sees mill be conferred on the Alf es qf dent Republican, Aug. 7.) , . . - Ssii,—The equity that I have remarked. throng!.
.
Abraham. ---..—. ---L-"" • all your speeches, has ell, me tq direct tit'
We have so eapectatiou of en advantageous tea* s • CAKAWCA 11.41,FSAS. . `Tollowing Note to you; begging of you to insert it
from General Bull's expedition. Ilk regular font Talsu'r", in your gIAnnIAN.
rstocLugAtioti. .
ispripmit"graasesultecesl ansdagtahienstartillident". beltdislyelses"Pleactrinst ' ;et) . 4 -ital.; 4 v lam confident that di object of so much Import-
premise Grllerillodase git at
ef the men who have precipitated this war, that thot...w„am, *roe e. ge, Or cososui if Orgitift•ta- *afar. once, for a poor Priooserfoi:Wor-orill iodises 7ot to I,
have a regard to my humble demand, and that you
liiritish should have circuitously °boded mesh earlier !ot the Yelito of itors, et sae Sea Caws, laid MOO aeu
Information of the declaration time Gemmel Lep 0" ,f .4,* :•,:1 .
~. . will have no objection to have it printed in one of
and taken their measures accordiny. • cogientritikOhttow-ansvis AND FIRIVIDI !
Johnsou the guilty Mayor of Beltiatemaitbilme• , aweeltialn people of the province of 'Caraccas, misled Your Paragraphs •; as for the trouble and "/"91.1 if
adieus betrlyer of the breve, the reproach of magge. •by a number of ill disposed persons, especially by you will have the goodness to let a person of lire-
bitty, has called the City Councils together', in order I mew Islanders, have separated themselves from the'favistock know; I will give the money for
that purpose. By so doing, Sir, you will alleviate
to obtain an exculpatory statement of facts Ii WI Caine of their brethren, hare torn off the wreath of
favour, and that of Stricker, ,this colleague, a per. liberty wht'h 'bound their temples, and held out
imy sufferings, and obtain likewise the sincere grate.
fidy and &homer. It may readily before what their hands for chains of slavery. The country, pro.
1 tulle and considemtiou.o! ~your. very respectful and
kind of statement this will be, when It is remembered . yoked by this bile ingratitude, his smiled some ten•
that the mob retains the sovereign power in Dakhla"' tenasies of the many faithful sons, whom she lirisg i most humble servant, , '.: e, .
—that the persons appointed to draw it upstre nearly : left, to avenge their offences i'y forcing the cr '
~ bartabeor Prison, Aga. IC !,. •..*. •
all notorious for disorganising prinelples,:—rand that to become free cud happy. Many fly to fulfilmoli. ......:..., 1
the number includes a fugitive from I relaed. As the laudable intentions ; but some remain qtilatjarpec4
'to increase their mem. tants of the glories of their brothers, oral chf chi re.
bfaracter
