t- r .
..' L

•

- .

•4:

-

—mow,
trodleir way. fii the military posts on the Georgia
but, according to ant article from Fort
Hawkins, it was net probable that their syssices
would be warted, as the hostile ladlins were, in
rest numbers, surrendering at discretion.

The latest intelligence from Ai:-la.Chapelle is
contained in the private correspondence given In
nether place. The Emperor ALEXANDER has retorn-
lotto the seat of conferences, and the proceedings of
ei Congress bare received a stimulus to activity from
Obit► circumstance. It is stated that Prussia has el-
pressed great solicitude to have a substitute agreed upon
by Congress, for the Treaty of Quadruple Alliance,
if now to be abandoned. The Court of Berlin is salt
to have been desirous that a strongei bond of onion
should be established amongst the German States,
than any which the present Constitution. of Ger-
many furnishes, with a view to counteract the
possible influence of France upon the minor
Powers of the Federation. What decision bas
been formed •pan this very interesting subject
does not appear. A negociation is also said to be on
foot between Prussia and 1b Netherlands, respect.
log certain changes of t►rritory between the Rhine
and the Meese ; which latter river, throughout a
Ipertain portion of its coarse, the Court of Berlin is
desirous of possessing for a Western frontier. We
caanut hear .1 these desires to possess particular
territories, and of this bartering method of disposing
of human beings, to form frontiers, and round king-
doms, without indignation. The present Constitu-
tion of the Netherlands confers more liberty than
that of Prussia; and we should like to hear by what
diplomatic or royal authority the rights of a free
People can be bartered away, and their persons and
properties thus consigned to the controol of a despot.
The Elector of Ilesst.Csisst., it is said, has been
applying to the Congress to be made a King! but
though •" a breath can make. them, as a breath has
made," the Sovereigns of the most disinterested alli-
ance that twee 'listed, are more disposed to unmake
than to Increase the number of Kings. They are
resolved to keep the Divine dignity, like all other
good thing•, among themselves.


A Flanders Mail which has arrived brings 0.._
Papers to the 3d inst. The strive! of the Empress
Dowager of RussrA was to take place on Toesdity,
and her reception in the capital of the Netherlands
was to be marked with the most distinguished ho.
,ntrors. The march of the Austrian troops on their
return home from the frontiers of France, bas been
suspended ; bat as they have gone.only into canton-
ments, it was supposed that the order of riespeosion
would be speedily countermanded, ,The Winery'.
berg troops have not yet crossed the Rhine.
It seems by an article dated Antwerp, that thy In-
surgent squadrons in the West India Seas have eireat.
end the Dutch flag with a declaration of hoaiility, if
the frigates of the Riog of the NETHERLAIORS shell
southwest* protect the Spaniels sperchaettnew from
the meek &the privateers of &loth Nmerics.
No rehab Wien VW* piSIUM At
being All Saints' Day.
It has already been stated that inertl vessels bate
been seised by•theCestom-hoese for a violation of
the Navigation Laws, and that's, Deputation of Gen-
tlemen interested in them had waited on the Lords
of the Treasury, to represent the canes of the sio.
lation, and present a Petition, praying for their
release. The fact is, that these vessels were bringing
to this country grain from the Mediterranean, where
it bad been purchased on the faith of a retention of
the severity of these laws, with the view of supplying
any deficiency that might arise in this kingdom, 'and
that 12 of these vessels are now and have been
for some time lying in the River with their
cargoes on board, rotting, and prohibited from being
landed ; whilst the People of this country are
obliged to purchase their bread and provisions at a
price beyond their power, and whilst the prospect of
farther privations is staring them in the face: These
are the Immerge of the Corn Laws, or, as they are
termed for the purpose of misleading understanding,
the Navigation Laws. We admit that Agriculture
deserves every protection which justice and sound
policy, which are always impartial, are disposed to
give them ; bet who can say there is either justice or
sound' policy iii the. voluntarily bereaving the People
or this country of the means of obtaining subsist-
ence, and providing &pint their wattlt is tbe.day if
calamity 2 ASK
t ••• :I'. •
Yesterday morning et ten older* the -LORD
CHANCELLOR came
.tro his privet* tOOOR in Lincolo‘a
Inn.hall, when Sir ROBERT DALLAS,' Knight, *nil
(wombs es Chief Justice of the Coort.„of. qeratrioni
Pleas, in the room of Sir VIOART Gtess, whO
retired from ill health. He was accompanied by Mr.
'justice Poen, now the senior Paiute Judge in theti
Coed. "•
• Advice/ from Pensacola state., that the Goveroor'
►a that pleee, who was soppoeed to have been toot ow
'ltia voyage to Havannah, has boo-heard A-baying'
bees carried net of his EWER areagREPSE COMMA as
fat as Cantiteschy.boy.
• THE CAPALRA.—FottreCt of '0,•11.0f, tinted Port
tools, Aug. 4, 1818 —" Mr. %IiALL, the Chief
Mate; is remaining on board the Mine at Gargiulo.,
to give each hibernation and anietieeeves may be in
Fbes• power, its seeing. awy part of tlie cargo. I am
sorry to say, hoe/00.41W eery tittle will be saved,
incepting probably the specie shipped by Messrs.
YOIRLIS, Mid .Cis.; (about 21000(0.
dollars), which 1 think them Is a probability of
suing." .

•
•
• ••.1t II

To TIE

.

k 0

Ste,—The

_

pitlly appri

-
-..
.

1~:

r

counter _
strances with his peers
coontry, strowid the
fictions for peace.°
Ibis with our Nero
A few seth ofssto,
LIT would,,iii a trepni
eti fashionable es either

i .;fit

D lifete7 re7e I
LIN ail

longer pass current for fair a rgnanrsite, tera....0.,
or falsehood can c6ctlnee as the coenterfAttaggeeis
logic and true prin/iples withoet detectlen, watiho ,
contempt which they &eerie tertho heednatAmnip '
honest man. Io the year 1793, the intelligent sees
of Old England and Serthrid were; tesnwiehtm- ,
es mock' enlightened as rte. are in- the
prezi
day ; and however defAsist they nosy hate tie
others, which their •successers unes!peringtly ee,‘.;.,
prehendinipoagh III! s then .knseliPlif• hails tit!*dil;
knifes St:Corruption lot, •' far with ilfrpdAtro
Francei that las eerteltily terminated most seatig iii
cinusly for them, in the subjection o 1 all Fginigg4
despotic sway! Forrunatete for the /Mere irlocia
of mankind the setsgeinary errtteede 'is fairly ewer; ,tc
and the state of conaidete exhasalton on 'ill Om pita .!'
claims this as the dap and the hear fw Wheel eon "-',
more to demand their longtast sigllla'Bom OW 40.1; N
grasp of their unrelenting oppr
...,. ,I', he mei Be. '
raughmoogers, whether Wlitga, 'dries, against
both of whom it is es natet4 'sit Reform r
..• 1
sT..la feel indignant, as for the . gay pi 'l.
sward, from the pile o a etertY ' " r" 14 got '..,5,
down the vengeance of llettein en,Alebes. dy f tbil''• :
Holy Inquisition, and all 14' degitiiereduftpfigriffev
whether in the shape of 'a
begielif;4*i,iliorMut •:
Wait. .
If any inclividsal have a just.i4iis Ae Lit !W.
vantage of the times and tides ist.3lfir o,loflesit fee .
nobody, you certainly are the etl# Wits the rims
/
sacrifices you have already mad*:
.:',Ne hatiourible
cause of national freedom ; and Mit happy tnper.
ceive, seine weeks ago, that . eerie. teas the mar
diurnal Paper that dared t paktialt:St Crt &lug
W OLE. LEY'S spirited Addr it 10 alUdFinfq of Env
/
land, on the pestling c isis tpettiiiiiii,tytaany tnu)
emancipation, which tn,,st terminate Is
.anarchy at'
radical Reform, nnleri Indeed 'the Hofg ieragatia '
succeed in ritettiog o4r present thitieti fee ever( em
der the deoprous reimagensent,4l, iiiiii•Ohil, ellillik ...
giChViOn#3 Oliver, sod 0b.., tenth Jag • sib -nr.iliW.
.Saintly Patronf, the St plideititeic • fie. Fr on y.ee •
most sodependient spirit 1 `ate. led ti, conclude, rafts •
you have matfully.tarieugoCir :stets& On the side.lg
legal dernoeracy, wii - •
„apt inpasp yin
self dorm 0 o the. intereill Air. *lilies's( thaticr t
polar
the Stay only, or tithe dglatilin'cf litostar4.
Men, w'ho deem it theik'duty lei .adebitite
aloft,. On the contrary, from.the integr 1142.f,year
~.
principles, lam induced to believe that the Jr*
4,4 N %Ili still be open I. Au. l'Alvta, *it: in.
tuenced improperly by none ; nod in this Convjctiog '
heir
Ad
make no doubt of

Wed' not then find
snoch.lcurger
risioning on the
donut beings.
Many circumstances conspire to render 'Orin's*.
tion of all abuses wow most desirable; and some, in
fact, have lately become so imperious on the Mini.
stets, that further evasion is uearly impossible,
cause impending mar is out of the goodies, lied peace
affords every opportunity for investigation, whh
cis
consequent amendments, in the theory and race
tics of the Constiturion. The flagrant robberies of
the poor by the rich, which Mr. Ettouorinsa has to
properly exposed; the gross insalts °tiered by arbi.
misty power to the People of Scotland• to their sum&
cipal privileges, fernish ample materials for kinditig
a more ardent and unquenchable flame of melee
patriotism in Britain, than the momentary blase whith
burst forth some thirty years ago, only to be esti&
guished by the present.* of an overwbelrolog forte;
arrayed ostensibly against the prowess of hberoted
France, but with a latent design to crash the germs
of Radical Reform, which Wire at that period
dent enough in every quarter of the United Kingdorn,
!end no where more conspicuous than among the
Royal Burghs of Scotland. .The political Lizinus,
it seems, has not been dead, but merely isioeir, till
the storm of despotism should fairly bloveovor, aid •
be again wakes into life and activity; like a gird
refreshed by more than twenty years' slumber. Ile
poor man at last expects justice from his soperioriirr
'wealth ; and be has insisted on redress in a toned
language which most be understood, that he sill
continue a miserable sieve to his unprincipled task
..
masters no longer. Ms voice; end the cheering pl ,
of victorious freedom from the shores of Columbia,
are at this mamma thundering terror Into the aiirlY
minds of the Bortreghmongers, who are the sole tio-
' thors of all the calamities with which tire tuitions of
Europe, if not of the whole world, have been sifietil
for the last half century. Their day of jadgmodtir
at hand; and if you will assist in accelerating the .]
dawn of that halcyon morn, so far as to Wien
rlis
bramble corruscation on such an interesting themeile
Freemen, you will soon hear again from,
• Sir, year very obedient Servant,
Cro,don, 3111 Nov. 1811. COMISCOL
Four American citizen., captured Spaois4l,
while in the service of the Patriots; trio said .1 be-
confined at Ceuta, and'.treated with .great creef/i
viz.. Mr. Tuomas C. CotviLtirt sod Liese.THOlinoll.
of Baltimoro ; Captain tic.tits. of Lioatop ; 'and
WasTox, of Philadelphia. A faint hope wii.rtle*.
'sailed that their release might he effected, whisky II(
not realized, their situations would be worse
Alpritre slavery, as they were to be resealed hi 041
course of a week to, the most abject piece perharld
the world—a small barren spot en the Barbary iseallfr
Gilled Zaffirine istanti opesite *l4ex and a 1a,..111 (
so the east% ard of Care lees aitail•—Votricw"
l'arer.d

. i~

your boiog
to tils'.rulicet a!iroutt's Tool.
peers on t‘lie fallen state of their
lie writers skull( tltt. Oa:ending ,
and plunder, venture to ewer Oil:.
champion et real lieftNtle
Itsreettite se Sir luleasitue
month Of 1160, filtit getOtaildt
.Ither chin of ,
i oppSoenft:ollo
hod it so very fsperiknl•to brood
r for kurtosis ipk ir*
subject,. ss they ought; tote
