AND THE ASCOT JOCK
in the earner., the Harlem., SIX REAL PONIES will start
far a Sueermikev, to be decided in Frye Heals. four times
beetttl Ike Course (being the third of ti mile) enCh heat.
HORSEMANSHIP, by Mr. Avery.

.• • r
Fourth time this Seistin, the
lIUNTED TAILOR and ht. Horse TALLY-HO.
Billy Buttes, Me. Makeen; acd Mrs. Sutton, Mn. Daly.
A Comic S.mg by My. Slonian.
Inimitable Foterciwi on Two Hones, by Mr. W. D•ivis, jun.
jlademirdle FERZI will go through tier seiefiith, nwi el,.
gant Performances on Two Rope', assisted by Mademoiselle
NINA F ERZL
The whole to conclude with the rand Equestrian blelo-Drama
of the
BLOOD RED KNIGHT.
She last Scene displit% chemical en d Horses in dreidful conflict
enveloped (1) aae proctst) in Criauou Fire.
Second Price at Half-past Eight.
Equestrian Tuition, fur Ladies and Gentlemen, from Nine till
Three.

LEADEN. King's Heed. Poultry, has landed
_LP n Cargo of FRESH TURTLE, which are selling on
sodeinte terms.
TURTLE dressed every day In dip highest perfection for
partie4...r sel f to any loin or Town or Country.
14. B. VENISON in the Coffee-roans every day.

IT must ever be t• the advantsge of the afflicted to
make eleeti-o of /1•NICA1C1/1 PraCtllinfter iehll isMo.* likely
In ensure thew the ipeediest tebtortitino 111 health. The Hombre
•f Patienii who are relieved to ON 1•1 A DV. of 46. King..
Street, roto-r of Dem.—tree,. .Soltio, sifter Horilibiia
and au-
nitrous Practitioner. had f sited in oh it ..4senspiv.it is pen d
Male, the Doctor to that confidence which his industri and
perseverance iu the ordain'. undertaking of his profetodon most
unqueFtiopably meats. IJs Laity is caisulied by patients
of
both sexes daily, till Ten it ..ighr. 1111 H %Etrirty sit preva I. ne arid
complicated disorders, at 46. King....tret, corner of Dein-
iltrecf. Soho. •

Just published, pelt:oil& la boards,
1E ,lEGIS of LIFE; • Non-Medical Com- •
twittery on the indiscretion arising from Bonito'
silty, in which the Caut.es, Symptoms, and bimetal 'effect*
of Ives Veneren, Gonorrhoea, Stricture, Seminal Weakoe,..
&e. are fully developed g Part 11. contour sow rem:ir hs i.o cer-
thin Female Complaints, in particular Stiriiity% Part 111. eta.
%races Practical Observations on Sexual Dehilit%. Self Ahune,
&c. in Part IV.is a Series of Cams iliustratisp o► the pre.
eedin. subject., explaining them ih a fa...ili.ir matinee, and tar
whole addremed to the Youth and Maturity of both Sesta.
By GOSS sad Co. Consulting Surgeons.
Slav he had at SO, Paternoster-row, London, and of all
Booksellers.

Messrs. Goa and Co. are to he cowshed, as u-sal. ewer%
tie% . at their house ; Patiests in the COW try are re(lll.sled
In describe minutely the case, enriching a ermitt ,nre foe Ad-
vice nod Medicine which eau he far *girded t.' Hy part of the
World Goss ant? Co. M. H. C. Sargent*. 13, Bouvet ie-strect.
111 mi-street, London.

RAKASIRI.
WE are to direct thP attention of per-
sons rifflicted with mental i.r bodily decay, nervous d-
ainty, inward wastings, los's of appetite, longe-lion stl.;pressi-:
of spirits. trembling or shaking of the hmds.s: °Omit and-evei •
ether kind of eruption. asthma., ulcerated thrusts, selalttos
weakness. Palm 11E04 limbs spilluints consumptive habits, mat
all constitutionnl romp Taints. inainedla;ely to make trial of tie
teletirated CORDIAL. SALM OF RAKASIO,I, or 111,1ture'.
Infallible Restorative, as repured and sold, w holcsale an"
retail. bs C. J. Jordan. M. D., of the East Lomtors Mertirtil
Ystattlislinient,•7, Cannon-street Road,St. Genrge'v in the Eno.
.Linkton. It is universally acknowledged to ,tte the me
agreeable and • powerful restorative in rill the Above coin
plitlnts ever discovered: It thins the blond. la-es
moot •ieleat pains in site brad and stomach. and' promote-
gentle perspiration.-11 is utterly imp ssible fir tang:me-
ta express, or eloquence to extol. tefficiently the value 0
this wonderful and incomparable Medicine in re-toring fienl,ll
to the afflicted, and giving viepar I. the ailed; thousands lais•
tag been restered to perfect health. after Wing been so re•
dared by different disease., as t.i bale bete despaired of, no:
only by their.f lies, but also by their profess-ImM attendant-.
Sold, by appointment of the eroprietot, in :bottles l ls. each.
or two quantities in one,-sos. each; or four quantities in on.
family bottle. far Its.. dm) 'included, by whirl% 'one Its. hoist.
is saved. This inestimable Medicine will keep in nil elimair,
and may be had of linrirlay Hod Sons. Fleet-market ; Vode'
Cornhill; AI. J. Preston, lttl;' Strand; J. 'Rit 'tarots. M.
Stoma I Slake, 56. Prciadilli ; Berker. 19.5, dar•rel..trert :
Oxford-street;Chandler, io. Titer, 10. Middle-row, HAlsrprit
and by the must respectable Medicine Venders inevery part of
the kingdom.
Dr• C. J. Jordan takes this general opportunity of an-
mullein± to the Public, that hr snll devotes hiti stuffy exclusive-
Iv to the cure of mitt tcubir complaint.; as a regular member of
the Royal College of Pntsicintis he offers a speedy and perma-
nent cure for every elossi of nervous relamoion; diseases, of
bossi•ver long omitting, or of i!:e most ioveterate kind. are by
ho
new and auperiar.a.ule of trent aunt speed il yawl effectual lycured.
Dr. C. J. Jordan may he consulted, by all ranks. firms nine in
the morning till tine in the evenin,r. at the East Landon Medi.
cal Establishment, 7, Caution-street Road,' near the Commer-
cial Road turispik.e, St.. George's is the East.

DR. BOER II AA V g's' CRLEBRAT.ED RED
PILL, No I, for Bilious.,Nervons, and Female Com-
plaints, inlet. fis. 6d. per bos, wills ample directions. sealed
with black was. The Red Pell is justly esteemed for its agree-
able and certain operation, by whi.h it effectually removes all
bionction or ob.tetiction of the stomach mud bowels, whether
arisirig from bile indigestion, flatulency, or cold; sieltne4s
at
the sminadt, hertd•ach, fite. by dislodging acrid bile or 'Other
eredities retained in the intesti..44l coma. Ii is at ill timestaile g
and persons given with sinkalar good effect dieing pregnanev•,
To of bilious knbits. arid those of sedentary lives, Who
are subject to pains and retentions, head-melts, laogour. and
Oddities,. or a sense of weiseines4 or oporersion. Chia Medicine
is eminehill calcidsted, beirg composed of the most innocent
ingredients. nod requiring neither confinement nor restraint of
diet; for which it has maintained for many years, the highest
pie lie reputation that was ever acquired by an 7 Medicine
whatever.
I.llr. Observe, there are two kinds of Dr. Boerhanve's Rrd
Pill. Those omitted No. 2, nre a different composition. and
ore chiefiy calentaited fur the cote of a .terrain imidinus disor-
der. i.ltiote dinitict direction. 146 r the, complaint only.. Each
box being blooded with the figures No. 1, or .11n.the
bottom. no sni.take eau possibly arise, if this be properly at-
tended to
41.1. There i. en better or eerinircremedy to remove *h.. ills
ottondan ton the anew of lire, at a certoht period nf Igo in fe-
males. thou these Ps•is: they instonfr, eesnove.head-acti, sick
tlrs, thhgffitt. :mil debility. pain- in ire back and I.,ins, and do
wonders not to be de.crihed in print.
Sold by Leigh, 18. Strand ; Bacon. Oxford-street ; Sutton.
sad Co. Row Chureh-y wt.; itutler,Cheopside ; Tott,.Royal
7.4ebartgei sad Ward, Holborn. •

nomirate a majority. would he a wretched office. I
speak only of their espence to the nation, end by this
espence their pauperising effects. It may be truly
said, taat•the great majority of seats in Parliament
ere bought end sold, and many bought and sold with
perjury and bribery and the subornation of many
vices. What they resat in honour is required in
wesefannee ; and this a peat is considered a presenta-
tion for self, or, what is more common, for children
and dependants, to various offices and emoluments.
IThe frame of the House of Commons is new, is en
innovation not only in the prolongation of Perlin.
meat, but in respect to the views and conduct of its
Members. No one formerly presumed to consider
the Representation of the People in Parliament a
vested interest ; and yet IV loiters into legendary
lore affect to he ruled by precedents. A printed
Pet ition—monatroos ! Then Mr. Wynn, the Speaker
in expectation, says, that this question was agitated
in 1656, and that a Petition from Nottingham was
rejected in 1816: these entries, he says, established
the rule. So in these legitimate times the House of
Commons can take a precedent from Cromwell's
creatures! and on this g'ound 468 Petitions of the
People were rejected. No reason wai suggested ;
the Parliament stork to the precedent of 1656. It
was a desperate hint to pregnant imaginations. and
might lead to ooreasonahle precedents. Yin while
the Commons rejected 468 giiiinns on this qoiddit,
started originally by a revoluttnitar) G-vettiment,
the Minisrry prosecuted Mr. Worrier for ridiculing
the right of petitioning, and which they made more
than ridiculous I remember, that some year. since
4 determination not to petition was considered elri-
&Pee of proneness in the Pe-ple to sedition. What
If it were proved that for centuries 'ht. floes/. of
Commons received only e ii•tvii Pottlions? and that
In fore this, p160111.,n, were rim/ vocey for printing
succeeded writing, and writing nittennilse Suppose
it were the practice during the Norman, Danish, and
Cason dyissstieq—qa hat then? iintiquiesinedin id
hedviiduns est qued optienses."—But I speak of the
espence of the 11:iuse.
Bribe'', and seat-selling are later then the grand
period of rejectiaariesteol petitions. We 'nod, in.
deed, of a Mayor who, in 1571, received four' poen&
fora seat in Parliament ; which Theme Roppners were
given, as the seat afforded privilege from arrest :-
1 seat in Parliamen't In;ing ,ben burthensome. We
also read of undertalrm Who were employed to ob-
tain a majority in James the First's time. But ac-
cording to Sir W. Temple, and there is ro better au-
thority, bribery and seat-selling came %Yea the Re.
storation. Temple says, the Court party grew no.
merous in Parliament " by a practice introduced by
Lard Clifford, of downright buying off one man
after another, as they could make the bargain." It
' was a good precedent, and thrived wonderfully ;
" In the porch Briar/s, stand-.
,Showsa bribe in all kit habtle."
11. Walpole writes, that his father, sir.R. Walpole,
iced to say, it was fortunate few could be principal
vlioisters, as thus few could thoroughly know the.
-hocking• wickedness of mankind. Atlast the world
~egios to kpow a little of the grand management of
he 'loose of Commons, the guardian in advance of
'tor inimitshle Constitution. And most certainly the
prize offered by George the Third in 1769 to the
students of the Royal Academy, for the best painting
on TIME nvicostßima Murat, should be awarded to
he .pr...ept Ministers. The plot, the Reports of the
4cret Committees. the Seditious Meetings Bill, the
Suspension of the ll,beaa Corpus Act—that outlawry
'of all the People—the relegation of the. Electors of
Westminster Gem Palace. yard, Lord idmouth's
Circular, the fomented insurrectirin, the trials, the
.convictions, the acquittals, the moral ostensible agents
—Reynolds and Castles, and Oliver and Bradley,
and their Parliamentary comporgators,—itzhibit the
truth of Parliaments apd Ministers, to use a Poet's
espression, " all naked and raw life."
Of all modern depirtares from ancient practice by
the House of Commons, none is more flagrant end
enormous than their huge prodigality of the public
money, emphatically the People's money. On this
point their predecessors had been always chary. In
all times tyranny could not force, fear could not ex-
tort,even en assurance of thrifty application, and on
occasions of great pith and moment was ineffectual to
inclace the House of Commons to lavish the public
.mosey. Hume, speaking of Elizabeth's reign, "Nor
coUd the authority of that Princess, which was other-
wise almost absolute, ever extort from them the re.
qUirite supplies." Yet during the present reign the
Minister—tin matter who, wheel or for what,—ever
wanted supplies, whatever was the amount of his de.
mond. The reason is °Wove. In thetortnets'iseriods
of our history, the money voted wis paid equally
ly
the voters and their families and the People; -end;
little was returned either to the voters or their femi-
lies. Now, when the House of Commons votes mil-
lions, a share of this Supply they or their families or
dependants receive in advance by premiums on loans,
by enhancing the price of money, by contracts, by
offices, by pensions, *c. The perniciousness of
loans Wag exhibited by the failure of the Income Tax.
Here the legislators counted that they ahoeld pay
more than they and theirs could gain by the impost.
Had the Mi'latry reconnoitred 'the money market,
a. they Jid arteries/dos by means of the Bank Di-
rectors *cumuli woeld boa beat about es feebly

the prophet marvellously accompl
dice ion.

. .

It is wootdorfol how any nation could support
such universal waste. The British subsidized almost
every nation in Europe with many millions ; and she
alloinstely fought and subsidized the same nation;
she became security also for some, and of course ll-
qoiristed their debts. She bound herself for Austria
to her own money-lenders; and she pays them, and
must continue to pay them. She remitted ten milt
lions sterling to the French, doe for the maintenancts,
of their prisoners, as part of the bonus for their sub.,
mission in Louis. She pensioned the emigrant
French priests, anti 'continues to 'pay them. Stie
paid Ferdinand's tratpiling expenres frets Valencia
to Madrid; Louis XVIII.'s from London to Paris;
the Pope's from Bologna in Rome. She, to please
the Prince, raised a monument to the last of the
Stuarts. Yet all these were
.0 pt the nptwurd flou-
rishes of the waste and prodigality of our sad Go-
vernment.

For what has been the waste of our own warlike
achievements? Mons. Catonne argued, that -ince the
French Resolution, four campaigns, with ell the
prolusions, dilepidations, espences, &c. did not cost
France one-fourth of the expendi.ure of England in
one year of war. And it is ascertained by accounts
ht: order of the House of Commons, that from
1797, the yeer after Cslonne made this observation,
to January, 1817, the gross revenue of Great Britain
anrountrd to twelve hundred and ninety-two millions
one hundred and eighty thousand five hundred and
ninety-two pounds five shillings and three halfpence.
This has vanished, and a debt has accumulated during
the same period of eight hundred millions. If to
these sums we add four years' espence from the he.
ginning of the war in 1793 to 1797, and all the local
charges connected with the war, providing substitutes
for the militia, &c.—this war, in favour originally
of the Gallican Church, and the Noblesse of France,
and the Bourbons, against reformationeD,Cl,thereople's
rights, from its beginning to the second restrration
of Louis, cost Great Britain and Irelend thirty brie.
died millions sterling. Who supplied this? The
People. conatitatienslly speaking, the etrasswereity•
of this realm. Yet the miens by which theNtwilghty
sums were wrung from the People aggravated the
enormity. Have the overweening friends of the Con.
stitution supported precedent on these occasions,
either in the waste of the People's substance, or in
the means of extracting it from them? At the Re.
volution of England, two shillings on every fire.
hearth was taken off, " because," says the preamble
of the repealing Act, ." it was not only a great op-
pression to the poorer sort, hut a badge of slavery
on the whole People; esposing every man's house to
he entered into and searched at Omere by persons
unknown to him." Wnat was this ter to Extents
in Aid, which have ceased in some Awe* as flames
on strip-board cease by the sinking of the vessel/•;
What was the Hearth Tat to that inquiritorial Tee
on Income, when a man's cabinet was laid open, and
he sworn to his secret drawers? Whit was the
Hearth Tax to the more inqui.iloriel tax, than thit.
on Income, the 56th of Geo. 111. c. 184, respecting
duties on legacies, &c.? What was the Hearth Tax
to the taxes on soap, leather, tobacco. salt ? Al
Droitwich salt costs ihirtv.one pounds the ton, thirty
pounds of which are duty; this is twenty times a
greater tae than the. Hearth TIM The Serrate of
Rime—no very sentimental body—remitted the tat
on salt, saying it was enough for the,poor toaupport
their children ?
In consequence of such sums so extorted, the dis.
' tribulion of justice is a vain name ; and the People
become poorer and more vicious—" The vice of the
poor is their poverty :7—and because tlje. People
would resume their rights, would elect those who
are called the Representatives of the People, would
have actual Representatives (let their opponents en.
'joy virtual pensions and virtual sinecures), &c:ltlirf
are treated as outcasts and rebels. The Mitristry'are
fond of recerring to precedents. Chsteauhriand's
astherity will not be questioned by the friends of the
.King and letigimecy : he says, " No sooner did the
spirit of liberty make its appearance (prior to the
French Revolution) than .kt/res de cachet were mul-
tiplied : these letters caused, no doubt, more noise
than mischief; but they were, it must be tonfessed,
subversive of every legitimate principle." This pre.
.cedent the British Ministry has followed ; and many
-Ist year were imprisoned without charge or trial. 7.
The church also followed a precedent at home; and
, all good Protestants prayed again it the etednews of
the People. Let the Ministry rethember, that it is
proved by repeated publications, that kindness is the
most effectual means of coring the insane, and that
bad usage freqoeititly drives the diseased to fury.—
Yet the remedielbilftplied to the popular distiosition,
for Reform aitd -Economy are severe.laws drawn'
Strictly; ;new sednevere interpretation.; laws against
meetings, against associations, against persottal
li-
berty ; Impihronment withoot trial; trials in which
a copy of the information would not be granted ;
fort said Lotd Igienhorriugh in 'the ease of Hone,
we,have.no funds oust' of which topaythe expence
of
onalciugthe copy. • Yea fUlidS.i/Ofe at bind to dusky.
some 12 or '2O lawyers to prosecute the iiiiPes of Oti-
vete, the G..vernment spy. It was, however, signi-1
fled to Mr. Hooe that he might have copies an pay.
'g .11,111,n0 doubt; canto/me:We to the tnasitn

1111,
ate 'refrott
. -
beCause it impair* work, and freedom gejitestikiel.
Parliamenta; hoe old ire they ? (..r 0.0.11.0'44
reason, they are Most constitutional: im+,
which Swift thought required extilaoationS or se.
cessary to liteserve military sod topflre
the soldier from the done,* uJ civil.societt
we belle** Lord Eldtin, ihen the Earl of Chalet Axe
'dragooned in Pall-'hall, "Very loldiir la a ciaiden ac.
cording to the Constitution. Worthy inlertiteteet
virtual lain made 'by virtual Repredentatives.
" Words are the daughteis of earths slid thlegistri
the sons of hearth"
Nicholas Bacon sr* this !object In I &trent
view from such dreamers.. He said) " Henry VII.I
guard he only pretended wit a ceremony of State,
brought from the French Court; sod yet It Mitring'
it went so well down with free People. For that
Prince that will keep gourds *boat his periou in the
midst of his own people, may as Well. double•thern
into the pitch of en army whensoirter be tde.ses to he
fearful, and PO turn the royal power of law into force
of arms." The military establishment *as Imitated
from France, and Is not older thaw Henry /fIL4-;
His soldiers were called pensioners, then yeomen.of
the guards, afterwards life-guardsmen ; now they
are denominated hou.ehold troops. These now
amount to tt,ooo men* exactly the number of Lodi.
XVIIL's Swiss guards; and the whole military esta•
blishment is from 130,000 to 140,000. Where :is
the precedent for this Stseding Amyl or any Steed.
leg Army 2 Lord Liverpool assures Os, *I the MM.
tory Establishment in. 1792 will not now suit theStuilt,
es the population of Great Britain has increased sin."
that period shove two millions." Theo the incieseit
of the military is for home service. Bet are the Bel.
tish People more dangerous to King, [Ards, Bishupso
and their nominees in the House of Conintons, aid
Pluralists and Sinecurists, than Bonaparte and all kit
means of destruction, when he menaced boaitiogly.
the British shores? Yet in 1817 the British Ow.
vernment haves larger military establishment for sheit
defence and their favourites, than Great Britalet
when that insolent despot threatened this nation witit
topardy ; and in this wee year the wintery ode:
ishmeut costs more by 400,0001. than the 'whitlow*.
tional ezpence in Int flow is this to be defended?
Not in respect to our inaricess Onless we ',car to
Dr. Johnson's torrection of Milton ; and as ad
money received by the Crown, according to the critic,
was on a mercantile account, we infer that the nosey
millions paid to the military ire alio a kind of irajka
by which money is circulated without any nritinnal
impoverishment. Had he said so, "he would have
been supported by royal authority ; for Frederick
of Prussia wrote, inn-a letter to d'Alembert,
‘.‘ Mes.nonsbreuves ranee* font circuler les espetes, d
repandent dans les provinces avec one distrlbsdion
erale les subsides que les Pees*: fournistent au Gos-
vernement"" If there be no royal road to intrthe.
milks, it appears that there is a royil send mails'y
road to political economy.
Let us enquire into this .sircusystsotts, h' wll4
the Subsidy-to Prussia was,milcittstect'Or'llol.4
for the troops he engageCtindiffsisio, end theflitletor
to Sweden was calculated at 40, it *MI -fieeff Mtn
the prices of man in the cheap mitll4:fit..
consumption. In another psrenf rho 014144,111.0,11%.
badoes, it is said, " An acre of plaistrileShillran
ductive laud is sufficient to supply thrthito periMta4lfle
food ; and that a tenement for afoot soldier must for
two acres, and for a horseman four." !tyres then'',
foot soldiers requires land sufficient for sit pers.otsi,
and a horieman requires land Sufficient ter e*Aire...4.
In England, considering the bounty, the loss by
sertions, the training and clothing she citigon hofor•
he becomes a citizen4ptdier, according to Lord El.
don, costs aconsideralble sum, which; with his.pay
and allowances and acciiutrements and lodging„reimn
hie charge pit, the People to doohle anrf treble that,ef
the wages .ef,e day.lahourer. Dane supposing a Is.
hoofer to support himself, vlOO,OOO troops requite
two or three times their number of labouring people
tolfeed end clothe them ; and 'thus all these soldiers
and supporters., to the amount of three or
,four
dred thoosnoda are deducted from the productive pan
pulstion of the State. This is restricting the refs,*
to the common moldier; • for if we Consider the arists.
coley- of illear‘mys Generils, Ca.
•lonels;'ato army of 100,000 'men pauperizes half es
million of %Owen; Contemning Mote than they pro-
duce. The Standing Army, Chid ittige appendage of
,the Monirthy,cest in 1e..47,44cti0iya of the N,vy,e,
Inset approaching to seven. millions skeeliug. tosisf.
dering this item of'etpiiice7,llll wenderfol that the
People are pone,-.4lopressed. that they: wince, enders
irritated? irritated, whri they 04, Oho military irt.
creased beyond any forintr example-Liacreised ie
peace bertnti.its excess in war when the 'Winn was
*compassed with peril
,and disasters—sod when it
thousand trials are making to Sod hew meth may be
done by military means, by foreigu mercenaries,
with impunity ;----when the military Monarchs of
Europe afford Court models for orders of tumour,
end the hirth-dey is kept according totbe.coellseittil
'Ostend's( I
•
taill
the plague, it is said, mikes terabit/ ravages at
Scetati, in Albania. From 100 to 150'perions di*
of it daily. The strictest measures of qnsrantialp
here bees adopted along the coots of the Adriatic.

•• (COIL
-L1(2)".) • ..
1(
.•.- , . .
,
...
...
• i•• " :1;
,1. •.. .
"r
11'11.1113.'.44'.76.) r j.
•
r- 3% : i..,, ,T -•;'.: .jam, ' !.: i"4-
' 84
... i.. ,
..40
' •tX
..
...... .... ~..
....,. • .., `r'4A,...cqe I(
qk . \ ,-• . , . . .
kti,o, . ' 'i.' •.. • F.l
S:-
. . • . -- • ..-7-.4"i 111.. .• ' *IP
C""....."•.- . :.
- ,
. 1 5'••....? •:.' %IP
i . ,- I I' ! ,• it
,•: I s lilekii, .14, .• .. '.- :•
1 .4.! T-I Oh glia Oar a
. ... 7
.. . f
- • ,(tvi. 1 . 4.1' • 1
• .t,,,,, • i ) . r?' '' I. . • •^4
1 r4t1.0... 4 t 1
' • • ..... ".. .V' - • .. ' • - ,
- ....,
' }•. OA) . .- • •
.... •••
._, • • - • • • • -- • • . .
1 • s.
, . . • • .• . - .
~. ' . • • .
;:, f • . .. . . .
.. - . .
. .
. ...
trnititi? PA • ":•. ' •'..
$0 s9s4l•
•-L ' -
- DON, THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 10, 1818. ~... .
.., •
• • . ..• .•.....,. . . -
.. . . •
. .-. .. •
.......----- - • - - -
i . ... - • • - •• ' ' '''' ' • '• " • ' •
. • ' —". '‘' '''. • ietai'64:ii..:a4fcle' iiiiir. awe fill ix 14e field, .8.01 StrOvur thesi.est lie scitifithiJ"' -
. -- • -
. .
4........., . ' . , . .
i„m... Fourth liven this Amide. at the retried ofmnaerous Fa- • tht ' EXPENCIreP LIGEST.4I3I.ISHMENTS, as Reiff.; for the Commons House of Oarliament ,of arlutlolater . .itig jaislee in nidviip....ded N. Hanna
Wit's. the HUNTED TA)LOR nod his Horse TALLY.H.O. THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, THE NATIONAL voted the estimates and sanclionikd a loin, equal to Chart*, by Which dints savor! Ow, 40814 dot VII.
. ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. (ASTLEY'S). WEST- DUST, MILITARY LSTABLISH‘ENTA, ate. the Income Tali. Betty, or delay justice;
• MINSTER-BRIDGE. The waste of the People's money by the House of
Viler the Patronage of their Royal litcheesses the POW* Re- {From Mr.,Eorses work oil the Pepoillim at limiusts3 Commons is almost incredible. Wiaiala Pitt attri... .s. is Clay's' ice iII la piodilt ritidepend ewe .."
teem and Doke of York.
'Having placed Ecclesisstics after the N h li
o„,i..ty (for bUlPfl.fOrmer wars to the eorroptiotsoitivi Hoes. of Ihe People. groin dnder ngiyayalle.4 oppressissis' ,
and they are Insulted, *parried sissirlered ;—tOld of
Ic EVENING, TO•MORROW. and SA- which I request their excuse), I proceed loth, House Commons; and he insisted, that whited., nefoirn the
the splendour of the-Motiiicny4 and of the' dignity
PrruftDAY. will be presented a New Broad Comic
of Commons—The double belt of Jupiter. nation would be hurried into nett debts and new
of
tqanttiaa Softens, called 'ho teerage—of legitimscy, of pr.ecedeisti: Pre.
THE DANDY FAMILY, 'ro exhibit this• gratuitous Representation of the' wars, and that no honest Minister could serve the eeden. to iinnot lei ten
eta or 1.0 or.i_ if enti.nene.
People, of which less than two hundred individuals nation. HP
gave the argument end the eaernPlEki- lir; and one from ihe. Pretl,Ctitrste"ia.Orefray.ta‘le,
AND THE. ASCOT JOCKIESt I the prophet marvellously accomplished his own Pin` 6.;..... it imnArA sarneit.• And fiefdom Setitypioal
....sir.... ma; aril sr or finial ho II 111 roteheti nificP.
