THE STATF.SNiAN.

themselves and a onntre to destrurtion ?. It might be
indeed, that little faith could he put in the conver•
of a desperate and abandoned radical, and un.
doubtedly Ow would often be the rase; but the Tories
had reason to he th.tokfol, rat hrr than otherwise, for
this condoct or the II hugs, for the radicals could only
he gralttall drawn from their opinions, and it would
be absolute v necessary that they should pant through
tile porgat!!ry of at loitrainno, loefure they could arrive at
the Elyse m tieloln of the Tories.—(Laughter )—There-
tore they shoshouldrcher thank than blame them for
handing then' over in .1 roue and tr.setahle condition.—
(Confirmed Laughter.)—lle confessed at the same time I
that he bail no great relish fur the task of converting
hem and desperate radicals, flomigh certainly the gates
of merry and penitence ot mild be shut against no man.
—(lAoghter.)—lint the object of the Whigs was not to
convert that school!, but to impress on the minds of the
tanltitnale that there is s intermediate class between
Them awl the potters, and to repress that ten-
.tencv which minty of them have to revulastio•at ore doe-
grimes, from the very &retonstanee of their seeing no-
thing between them aml their proud revilers amid oe-
pressors.—(-Ipi lans...)—lt was there they made their
!stand; they would oreopy that ground, opposed alike to
the encroachments and despotism of power, and the
denims and visions of wild and reckless demagogues.
lie trnseeol hr mode intelligil le to his Lordship the
g minds it his opposition. Ilia 'tat anent hail been ex-
t rawly desultory, and he would beg. to remind the Meet-
ing that lie uottl.l not sign the address, nor allow it to
go ont, and be held as a general testimony in favour of
the coercive system of the present Cover:men% or any
thin, at all about them, without an advice and recom-
mendation to remove them. Every lover of his countre
was called upon to express his sentiments sin the agita-
tion and distress that were so prevalent, and to say what
would be the most effectual war to remedy them ; and
he would only say fir himself, that if Otis system of
force and unkindness were persisted in, it condo' hardly
fail of increasing the-evils—it outdo' tear np the roots,
not prone an.sy the branches—it wool', hurl a hrand
amidst the combustible elements of society, in whirls all
thinkiag, and wealthy, and worthy individuals would
be corolottmled, and our ours 'sappy and free country
at las: he %%tallowy.' np in the g gra of a bloody anal
remorseless revolution. (Mr. J.-11rev sat down amid
hold and continneal elseering; and we have to regret that,
tram the lateness of the hour, and the ronsegnent dark-
ness, we hate hem able to do so little justice to his truly
splendid elooptence.)
The vote was then pat or .tololtess, or Amendment,
when the former was carried by a llajority of-110
•26.

The thank% of the Meeting. wrre then moved to be given
to the Chairmen, and the 3feeting broke up.

111011 w ATER AT LONDON 111211XJK To-raitanw.
Morning. 30 ads. after 41.—Ereaing, IS min. OW 7.
St. Stephea.-11oliday at the Public nice..

Cbg iettatriimatt.
Ties onirtsn 3TATR.Y VC. IS &&&&& WITH " THE

STATUE A

/, 0 N 0 0 X :
TCIIIID•T SI-ENING, Pi:CS/lOU 2G.

The result of the meeting of the Freeholders of
F..linburgh, of which we yesterday gave a brief
&Tomtit, and now present a more extended outline,
has afforded a subject of gratulation to the ministerial
journals. At the meeting of the inhabitants of the
city of Edinburgh a few days before, where they
admit there was " a degree of decency very notch to
be approve'," they had been mortified to find, that
" the speakers were all on one side, and the resolutions
of course went to the expul.lon of his M uwaTt's pre-
sent Ministers." At the meeting of the Freeholders
of the county of Edinburgh, where the great
Whig speaker, as they call him, Mr. Flamm*
Jurrary, also spoke, " the eloquence which
a few days ago bad produced such wonderful
effects wets now wholly powerless ILA Mr. Jar.
racy spos.e uith the tongue of an angel from Heaven,
his impression upon such an audience as was then
collected would have been the same, unless
his words had been accompanied with such a simper
natural power as could have opened the eyes of the
r..ised the dead to life, or at once made
the corrupt, the sordid, and the selfish, liberal,l
public spirited and pore. Constituted as the
County Meetings of Scotland are, their suffrages
crn aftw-d no more subject of gratulation
t the numbers of Administration than the servility
of vassals to their lords. As a testimony of generous
or grateful feeling their addresses can never be deemed ;
as an cxyression of the collective body of the people
of the country, they bate no pretension to be taken.
The p.pa:4liiin of that part of the United Kingdom
amounts, we believe, to about two mill:ons ; and the
whole number of freeholders qualified to vote, only,
if we remember right, to little more than two
thousand seven hundred. They are qualified,
not as in England, by the acquisition of a
certain extent of landed property, but by what
It called a superiority, which does not depend upon
the value of the land. The holders of these posses-
si-ns, too, lihe the Magistrates of close corporations,
know the ;aloe of their powers in Miuisterial scales,
and shape their votes accordingly. It is idle, there-
fare, to refer to the addresses of such bodies as a test
of pnliiie opinion. In one respect, however, we may
Wer to them as a test, and that is of .Ministerial views.
.% declaration of t.:e LOUD Aorocsra's at the Edin-
burgh County Meeting, sway be considered as
indicative of the measures of Government ro-
s.ec•ing the Quces.

T. following Proclamation was issued after the
intrince of Houtz into the Cape, and is the latest
intelligence received in town

PtuCIAIWATIIIN TO TOO SIATTIANS. VT JtAN TIME
ino%ta, Plib:striENT or HAITI.

ilaytians!—The period of discord and division has
Pas*til ; the day of reconciliation and harmony, the
most pleasant of my life, has at length arri►ed. MI-

liken of the same fausily, you are all rallied andet the
shade of the sacred tree of liberty; the constitution of
the state is recognized throughout Hayti, from North
to South, from East to West. The republic relies
upon the citizens as devoted to her welfare and inde-
pendence. I will not recal to your minds the history
of your misfortunes ; they should only be remem-
bered to be avoided in future. IVloen we took up
arms to destroy slavery, to which our ancestors
and we have for the last two centuries been sub-
jected—when we spilt our blood and made the
greatest sacrifices fur our country, we did not
imagine that we would become the victims of
these ambitious men, who in revolution lose sight of
the public good, in their own aggrandizement. You
are acquainted with these persons, whose fatal cele-
brity has only brought misfortunes on the nation, and
left, as an inheritance to their Ninnies, the execration
of their memories. You now behold the picture of
the iniquitous government of CIIRIS ropm z, whose prin.
ciple acts where marked by caprice. You must be
convinced that the moment the Chief of the State is not
guided by the laws of the people, that moment
their rights became visionary, and the national
edifier must tumble. The Constitution of the
Republic, the work of Representatives from all the de-
partments, has established wise safeguards against
despotism. If, during fourteen years, it has rendered
those happy who have remained faithful, it will make
such equally so whom the rebel Citatsrormc has
drawn into error. But to effect this, we must, Hay.
fiat's, lay aside all personal feelings, all private pre-
tensions, and bring our tributes, disdaining all advan- I
tages arising from intrigue ur favour. Let us never !
forget those brave patriots, whose struggles against
despotism have only ceased with their lives; those also
who, in the late transactions, have aided the people in
recovering their liberty are worthy of, and will too
doubt obtain the thanks of the nation. I regret that
blood (which I have been so solicitous to spare,)
should have been spilt un the Itith of this month.
My order of the 17th sent express to the Cape did not
arrive in time to save the lives of CHRISTOVIICSSOII and
some officers, who were conspicuous in executing their
barbarous orders.

Ilaytians !--I solemnly request that the past events
be forgotten. Offer your hearts to confidence, and
hasten to act in concert with Government, in consoli-
dating the independence of the country.
The President of Ilayti, the first to whom is en-
trusted the public tranquillity and property, will spare
no pains to do his duty. May the citizens all imitate
his example, and the wounds inflicted on the country
by civil war will soon be healed.

Haytiaus! Let us return thanks to the Supreme
Being who has permitted us to re-unite. Let us pray
that we may be inspired with ideas of peace and
wisdom, that we may leave to oar children a certain
existence---a country free and independent. Lung
live the Republic! the Constitution! long live liberty
Ind equality!
Given at the National Palace of Cape Hayti, the
Stith October, WO, and 17th year of independence.
Botta, President.
B. I NGINAC. Secretary-Ucneral.

Yesterday being Christmas Day, there was no bet-
ting whatever at Tattersall's.
It is announced, in a Ilatnburgli paper of the ISth
inst., that certain intelligence had reached St. Peters-
burgh of the death of the Emperor of China.
The Emperor Alexander has ordered several of the
officers belonging to th• regiment which lately muti-
nied to be tried by a court martial, for not having
enforced obedience.

According to advice. from Qnehec, to the 31st
the number of settlers arrived at that port during the
season has been 11,239. The number of vessels
entered. 575--tonage, 146,214.
Flour was selling at Alexandria(United States), on
the 19th nit., at 3 dollars, 2.1 cents, the barrel, a
lower price than has been known for twenty years.
The report of Mr. Peel's joining the present Ca-
binet, at least in a subordinate situation, appears. says
a correspondent, to be unfounded. There are souse
persons in the present Cahinet with whom he ran never
act. Besides other strong reasons for this belief, that
declaration of his cannot be forgotten which he made
two sessions ago,—that something was wrong in the
system. Mr. Peel, according to our correspondent's
opinion (which we should be glad to find correct, but
which we apprehend is much too sanguine), is not
likely to accept Power, without the power of finding
out that wrong, and substitntiog what is right: !

"IXTRiCT OF ♦ LETTIR FROM LIVENTOOL, Dic. 1.13.

" The resignation of Mr. Canning has produced a
strong sensation amongst the Ultras; and I have just
been assured by a Member of the Canning Club, that
the Ministerial party are 'trio divided, the Friends
being expected to remain neutral. At the last select
meeting, most of Ueneral Gascuigne's friends absented
themselves, and Mr. 11-11-4 was so disgusted with
the language used towards the Queen by a celebrated
Back-boner, that he left the room deeply offended.
At the meeting thisday, it is said that word -ran high,
and nothing was decided on. The cry of distress,
may be perceived in the tone of their circular, of
which the following is a copy:—

" Sir, you are earnestly and particularly requested
to attend a meeting, intended to be held at the King's
Arms to-morrow, (Saturday,) at one o'clock, for the
purpose of proposing a Loyal Address, to be submitted
to the Town Meeting called for IVedesesday next, and
of considering each other arrangements as may be
deemed expedient on that occasion." It is considered
here that extreme measures are resolved upon against
the Quo. sad the people."

GLASGOW .WEETING. Faip.tr, Dse.
After the rout sustained here by the cult
loyal party at the Town Hall, a requisition wai
sented to the acting Chief Magistrate, signed
veral names of the first respectability, requesting
to call a public meeting, to ro.isider of the propriety
of " voting a loyal and dutiful address to his Majesty,
representing the unconstitutional and pernicious mea-
sures adopted by Ministers, especially in the proceed-
ings against the Queen, and the sudden prorogation
of Parliament, and praying his Majesty to dismiss his
Ministers and to re-assemble Parliament without de-
lay, that their advice may be taken as to the measures
to be pursued for allaying the present discontent."
The Chief Magistrate having declined compliance
with this Requisition, public notice was given by the
Requisitionists, that such a Meeting would neverthe-
less be held in St. John-street Church, this day, at
twelve o'clock.

The church began to fill at an early hour, awl at
the time appointed for commencing prceedings, it
was crammed in every part. Hundreds went away
who conld not obtain admission.

Mr. JANis AIVRDOCII, Aith'house, proposed that
Mr. Oswald, Shieldhall, should take the (*hair, which
he did under great acclamation, and addressed the
meeting iu a vtry neat speech. He was followed by
Mr. Robert Grahame, Whitehill, who moved the reso-
lutions, which were similar in spirit to those of other
meetings assembled in different parts of the kingdom
for the same pui pose.
Mr. JAMES Dassirrors, banker, seconded the re-
solutions, whirls were carried unanimously.
Mr. Oswvt.to read an Address to the King, founded
on the Resolutions, which was also highly approved
of, and passed with equal unanimity.
Mr. LA Nla S rest proposed that the Address ••honld
be presented by Earls Grey, Lord Erskine, Lord A.
Hamilton, and others, whom he named.
Dr. Ittenvan Mst.l.lll a cored the thanks of the
meeting to the Chairman, and the whole business then
concluded.

We understand that a Treaty is actnally in negn-
dation for a couttnercial intercourse with France, upon
terms which can alone make it beneficial to both
countries.—those of reciprocity. It is said to be in
contemplation to reduce the import duties on certain
enumerated articles, f 75 to 16 per sent. ad rain-
rem----a rate which would increase the consumption in
both countries of the articles which they respectively
want, and which, while it puts an end to the expensive
and useless preventive system, would, in all probability,
rather add to than diminish the revenue. We sin-
cerely wish that it may be realised, and that it may
lead to the settlement of similar commercial treaties
with every other nation. It is only by the liberal
principle of giro and tak►, that the equilibrium of
which the French King speaks, can be restored.
Foreign markets cannot buy our produce if we do
not take theirs in exchange; and it is to our interest
to make our customers upulent.—(.horning Citron.)
A letter from Madras, dated July 2S, says :—" this
Majesty's ship Leander (gag ship) is now at Trinco-
malee; the Carron, Captain Furneaux, at talentta ;
Liverpool, Captain Collier ; and Dauntless, lion.
Captain Gardner, at Pith-Penang (Prince of Wales's
Island) and China. The Eden, Captain Loch, and
Curlew brig, Captain Blackwood, proceed to the (tuff
of Per.ia ; and the Topase, Captain Luiuley, now at
the Isle of France, is shortly expected at Caylon.—
The above ships 1:11111pUie the squadron iu the Indian
seas."

A meeting of the inhabitants of the parishes of
Kenwyn and Kea took place in the Church-yard of
the former place. An address to the King was pro.
posed by the Rev. It. Po!whew, and amendments de-
precating the Rill of Psius and Penalties, were moved
by Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Budd. '1 he Address pro-
posed by the latter gentleman was adopted by a large
majority, and ordered to be forwarded to Sir William
Lemon for presentation.
Walter Wood, Esq., the son of Mr. Alderman
Wood, was unfortnnately d-oweed in the harbour of
Port Praya, on the !lilt of September last.
LOVALMIS UV TIIIM Noarii Moue° or Tomestmit.—
The ultra-loyal gentlemen every where seem to wish to
keep their meetings snug, for the purpose, we suppose,
of keeping their loyalty warm. No sooner did the in-
tention of Mr. Wyvil, as stated in yesterday's viler,
get known, that it defeated, as we find by the following
letter, the meditated attempt of holding any public
titet•ting at Northallertoa.

TO TOE NOsLISMICS, GENTLIIMEN, CLP:ROY AND ►RRC-
HOLDERK 0► TOR ANCIKNT UoROCUII Of NORTUALLER-
TON AND ITS VICINITY.

An Address with the signature of "M. Wyrill"
having appeared, callintr upon the inhabit sots of the
North Hiding of Yorkshire, to attend a meeting adver-
tised by me for Saturday next, the 23(1 instant, 1 think
it my duty to give this public notice, that the above-
mentionea meeting was never meant to comprehend the
inhabitants of the Riding at large; and therefore, to
prevent its being perverted to serve the purposes of a
party, it is hereby postponed to a future dry, of which
due notice will hr given. H. 111.istativan.,
Otte of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace,
for the 7.oitls Riding of Yorkshire.
Northallerton, Der. 21.
MBITING AT LlineAnn.—At a late hour last even-
ing we received an account of a public meeting held
at Liskaard, on Tuesday last, for the purpose of prepar-
ing a loyal Address to his Majesty. An amendment,
condemning the general conduct of Ministers, and
especially the proceedings instituted against her Ma-
jesty the Queen, and praying for their dismissal from
his Majesty's councils, was moved by Mr. John Map
ford, and carried by a majority of ten to one. Several
hundred persons were present.—The Mayor and Corpo-
ration retired to sign their loyal Address in private.
We shall give the arecunt of the proceedings trans-
mitted to us next week.

A severe gale of wind has been experienced at
Ilridliegtun Qnav, on the Yorkshire coast, which
lasted two days and ►►ights, and brought so heavy a
6 •a, as to remove . 1 immense large stones
on the pier; the waves struck the jetty with serfs vio-
lence, as to make the ground tremble fur a consider-
able distance.

in the neighbourhood ofiston, In Stafforthshire,
a piece of coal land of Bittern acres sold lately for the
enormous sus of elco'•a hNNdr.d •ad fbrty posit

I 07 acre.
