
'7% ,

I

"
qqA kcji.A44)


•


LONDON, 8

T

1419,f JUNE

NIIIIIIIZR 5369

lAIPSKIAL PAILI/MgdYr.
HOUSI Or LORDS, Fauna, Joss 14.
Tbs Reeogaisaaess 11111 was lea a third dais sad
passel!.

The Hamm, of DOWNSIIIRB pesereted a smith)s
from an iodividcal etempinisiag of ate lojory dose tit,
him the Commimisame be eimakeg Paddle Ite•'
steeds by
ha Imbed.. The Noble Masques hyped that his
Majosty's fieveremeat small laspdee iota the mat ex.
pewee whit') the ends, had best pet S. by she Comrade.
disown I. tieeelies.--Tbopelltlen we ordered a Ile ea
the table.
Tito Duke of NORTHUMBSIBLAND presented a po-
lid...free Newcastle, ageism& any aileredoe hubs Navin
titian Laws.
The Bishop d SL DAVID'S pimentod six petitiole
maims the Ctstiselle Bill, from Wawa bodies of Clergy
le his diesome.
Tier/—.idea Bill weememaltted.
Ify_J.Gleastair end Ifs T. ilemearta hosseal op roe
Bine fres she Geseesea
The earl of DARNLEY eherved that beim he mi-
tered isle the dieweesielt tithe lagmleasteeades which
stomll:44:sereeleg. be wished* oaf Mittalleetion of
their is the tellgentßtridowleKONete•in
s, Irelaad ; the soonestapeman 'fetish to lewd
7'ie receive ialleramidoo from the • Noble Hall
opposite. • -
- The Keel wormaPooL sia.lhot Awe the nbjeet
had been lam !Woe& fogaleies 44 bona mode respect.
• tug the amen .ef the trestrese that had Woe mitered
Wm by Govormeest, with es holhillual is Wolin, and
mew eorrespoieleece hod taboo pion the Noble Lord
might move foe the sereeepookompelf Ls dose.
STATII 0/ tent.eas.
The Order .1 the Day for sweaminieg their Lord-
ship* being reed.
The liminess of LANSDOWNE roes to bring for-
ward the motive of which be bad even aotice. After
all the asestrances that bad bon bold out at diffenot
on the part of Government, that the affairs of
Ireland should be fully muslierodi he felt that he
should stand acquitted in the eyes of their Lordships
sod of the page. If he railed their attention to this
important gesstlea. ',speeder whiab so plan of Set.
Hoodoo or relief bad yet been proposed. In addition
to the distress suffered by the agrimaltural and mann-
factor-Mg imamate. Ireland was cow suffering sushi-
gated evils. He should. however, ea IWII W 41161011
/omit the meltsl of ellstrenee. widish Wen 001"6" to
ho h mammies, sad moans himself to others that were
peculiar to the state of Ireland, *Melt were ammo-
rattled by misfortunes that did let belong to any
other 'may. He geoid appeal to the mitoses is
to robs ado/ of this statembeet. Dario; the lam
toady years. the Lairislatamt had repeatedly snared-
ed the Trial by Jury. and le lam, tie whole Celestite-
ties le i reload ; pod gives *degree of arbitrary power
to illeitsimatee. Whisk wee oohs ieoesehoeet with the'
kapplasecat asty 'people. What them tiler, which
mast be well known to their Lordships, were coma-
*red, ha would ask whither they did not feel it ae-
mesary to go into an Jimmie", roapeetlng the state of
that country. Would sot their Lordships be antis
asceitala why It happened that he eatives were the
meet wretched people in the world? Was that cele-
stite*. state of thins owing to bey fatale, situation?
Was it owing to her temperate climate. sad to her pee-
wising advantages in point of Rewired** most f
able to maa ? Was it bemuse sim wse blessed by Pro-
vidence with so many physical advriatars, that she
was simrably-poor in the midst of sarroundiag wealth?
The people were not oily wretched, bet they were
discootreted sod rebellious—while soder the sanction
of a Constitution. whose boast it was to afford prem.
Lion sod tranquillity to all the subjects. He felt that
is tithing this view of the rate o[l:Asstd. it would
be in vai., to throw any stigma uponparticalar classes
of society ; fur the evils could nut hie attributed to the
coadect of any particular set of poring, however im-
proper their coaduct might have bee,. In viewing
the state of Ireland, the Bret thing their Lordships
ought to cussider was, the rapidly bnreasieg papal'.
time sad the consequences resaltini from it. Is the
year 1695, the population of Ireland was so more than
1,034.000 souls; fur 1804, it was 6,400,000; sad
in 1821, it was 6,846,000, an increase almost unpa-
ralleled in the bit tory of any e•entry. Ott of ail
eserasess &moue', it was calculated that no more than
sae fourteenth part were of the Lets hlisbed Church.
she rest being Diesenters and Catholics. It was sot
merely far the purpose of pointing oat the physical
stresgth of the couutry that he called their amnion
le this increase of population; bat is order to show
that, contrary to the political omits that bad st-
alest always prevailed, this vast increase of Inhabit-
asts was su indication of wealth. Ott the contrary.
h was, in this instance, unhappily tree, that the Po'
lodation of. cowry might go oa increasieg, obi).
its wealth was decreasing. It was owiag to that very
dreamstaace, that the people of Del totl. tooeloff ii
is a state of perpetual degradation, were forced down
teach a wretched state of existence, that potatoes
casstituted their principal source of life throughout
the year. Individual., after being dri ten from all the
lemforts of life. thought themselves jutified in con-
rearriares when they had no other than a
Precarious means of support. It was owing to that
state oftlegradation among the peasantry of Ireland,
that such shocking scoops were witoemml for a leer
tint in that country. which bad exhibited the last de-
en of Lama; want aid misery. lodged, all the cir
raottances which could degrade a people in their
04 a estimation existed there. Ii other eeentries there
ttisted an artificial bounty on populatios ; bet hem it
home a more, of political slavery.—(Hear. hole)
The object of 'waves or holders of laud had bees to
testaarage the number of wretched votersby the mock-
ity ofpreteaded freeholders, and afterwards to con-
ten thew Into sieves, in order to answer electioneer.
hf InirPottre. This system was advoree to all essential
1141•Temests. A practice, for Instance, et letting
halo is commas to. several joint unapt. existed to a
ulter beyond all caleniadoe the object was
Lrtd all th est persons might swear that they held
I Shilling. freeholds; and thou they were boned
..,!°.aed veto as etaattaaa, as they should be
-"rid °Y the persons tram whom they bold the lands.

- N.: Ce • g
c.', Srirc‘
..xl.ll. '"
Y• t'.. IA k
. .% 4
.1;4 %'. .
\%.t 1
, '
d ' C! 1,/
.:
V•
.....4,4 . -vs
eBtlti, 1 \
- elsmano .7.:. -..,..
Zbt
~ .
,A ~

oe, gatemt-,(1.

PRICE SEVEN PENCE

.1

proprietors and meths (lowermost. sad this was a me•
whit emsaideration to be borne ie mind on vimein-t
the state of Inlaid.. If their Lordships looked to
the Censtitetiou of the eimmEry and applied it to
the three kingdoms--Englaed, Ireland. sad Sentient',
if would be 'mod that Filmier eirpresentation prevail.
ed in Inlaid -in the highest sod i• Semiarid in the
least degree. Their Lordships kuew there was very
flute popular representation in *attend, and that of
Inlaid far mewled the popular teptesentaties of
Englead.- A Noble Lord in the eilm House of Par
Ilareent.introsleeod a, plan of Riley.,, which he (Lord
Liveepeol) however, was-very glad did sot seeeeed,
het which, la its application, mead have given t
greeter degree of uprise representation to Deltoid
than to either legievid or Scotland. Is that ess •
Ireland had no placate* to template of. as she ea-
joved the fell Inuit of the BMW, Constitation.—
Aids( with Ali, she was ID pomade* of the whole - te-
priatiple of the law' of England; ski bad trial by • Sy, a,
jery and the irdepeedence of the Judges ; and if be
were to judge from the entail number of appeals whids
mune before their Lordships, there was me reuselfils
Purpose that justice was set administered there emit
fair and jut principle, as here. In this view, whe-
ther be looked to the Constitution or the adminis-
tration of the laws, or what appeared to be the
feelings of the people, which he admitted amnia
be regarded with tendernese, be could net dis•
sever that the evils arose from the hostility which
the absence of these blessings ought naturally
to excite; neither did they tripe front a desire of
Reform; smelt feelings did not appear to Wight the
people of Ireland. Then to what puree mold the
evils be traced? Me believed solely to the internal slat.
of society—the relation is which the peasantry etooa
to the leaded proprietors. The Nultle Lent hims-af a dosi
ted the extent of the population, the fertility of the soil.
and the wealth Impartibly eoneeeted with that fertility; yet
it was considered England, with a population vt 14
millions, paid 50 millions of taxes, while Ireland oe'v
paid 4 millions, could it be said that the horde-in tut
posed on Ireland were excessive or intolerable, or
more than she could hear ? Ireland certainly suffere..:
a considerable distention of property on the refute
of peace; and when it Is recollected that the sloth of
Ireland Wetly furnished oar naval supplies during
the war, on the termination of which the demand
ceased, it must be admitted as a great nose of the
tree* which has since prevailed in that part of Ireland.
If then the cause of the distress arose in a great de-
gree from the redaction of tip editor., which was at-
tra4ed with a redaction of demand, ought the Noble
Marquess, ander these depollute. to complain sod
throw the unsafe on Oomtrarattat ? Did their Lord-
ships forget the state of the National Debt of !relent.
sod how, Ireland beige enable to pay It, England had
take* the budes en herself. Then hod mil, one a
tight to say. that every generous consideration was
sot Wended to Ireland, in apportioning the burdens
et the two reentries? The Noble -Marcum made
some observational, os the laws in force is Ireland
evilest illicit distillation. Ile would inform their
Lordships, these laws were found so good, they pro-
duced meth habits of elmiety amongst the peasantry,
that all the Iris% Members of Parliament, with net
exception of, he believed, three or four, voted for their
-• enactment. The question reelected with the state
of the Magistracy of Ireland, 'te which the No.
ble Marquess adverted, was a very serious on..
and so cossetted with another important (tort-
den, that it might to be treated with great deli-
cacy. On the effect of absenteeabip in point
of political mensomy. whether large fortunes drawn (root
Ireland ought to be expended there or not, he would
offer no opinion ; because there was a great and para.
mount cousideratton which outweighed every other in his
mind, namely—the moral effect of resident proprietors ;
ai.d jet the absence of these was incidental to the situa-
tion of Ireland. There the land has passed from genera-
tes witheut the tenants knowing any thing more of their
lied' •rd than his Dame. The agents necessarily became
Magistrates; but it was in-vain to expect that they could
administer tha law with that authority and effect
which would be attacked to tbe landlord himself if he
were resident. The Noble Marquess complained that
few Cathodic. were appoisted Magistrates; but he be-
lieved there was no ground for that complaint, and
that at pretest there were a considerable number of
that religion Magistrates. lint if there were any call,
in which justice were not fairly dealt, he was swig•
lied. on a complaint to the Lord Lierpostit, it would
be immediately redressed. Whatever might he the
imperfection of the state of the Magistracy, which he
would not deny. it was new in the progress of refer-
matins by the Noble Lord at the head of the Law De-
partment in that country. He now came to the great
question of the tithes. And beforeeaterin; into it, he
must sinew epos the basis that the right of tithe o-as
as sacred us the right by which any ether description
of props ty was held. The proprietors of land could
poly dry es nine-teethe of it, and that alone bad not
hue de is dto them. The rem. I ling tenth part he-
Legal as rightfully I. the church, or to the lay im-
proprietor. Of the resilient clergy is 'relied he
would say that they were, generally lecithin', the
most esefel to their country 01 any body of men which
it contained. He was one of those who thought tithes
to he uo evil; and he considered the observations of
the Noble Lard rather to boar epee another qamtion
it weal to the unmated subdivision of properly. I 3
this country a elereyonan possessing a year,
would perhaps bare to collect it fro n Viirty or
forty pensions; in Ireland a elarrymaa would
have to collect the same sum front perk ps 1,301,
Individuals, they thing the very poorest of his parish-
imams, and the set 7 eolnetple•Ce was that he
aims be engage I is (Indies. I Options, or not
his tithes at ad. He would ask their Lordships what
was the natural remedy for this? He would say,
let the property pay the tithe; let the proprietors lea..
the tithe to the farmer, and that tumid re Hews the evil.
Of the different evils complained of, none :livened to
hint so great as the extreme subitiv.sion of pi-open/ in
Ireland. In this country they had seen toe progress of
civilization and haPpinetis begin ,There that sub•
division of property reared, anti its totisulitlatiut: pr. •
ceeded to a mists .stoat.—As this system lIJW opers.ed
