saisfelof Cstretst" m
"th he
I'ai
left the himself at
Fewest, with b 0 mmeat',but on the 2 town
joie his troops at the fif °flattery.
*
fallewing is an extract of a private letter re-
eked yesturdij morning from Genoa, dated the sth
A I,llloti has arrived here in fourteen days
Sesyria, which brings the account of a dreadful
ate of the Greeks, both there and at Constanti-
olk, The Turks, after bombarding the town of
iptuse, and burning many houses, had been reinforced
bembepanto and Trippolizsa, and they finally obliged
!be Greeks to dy to Zante in great numbers. Many
ogtek priests, and other inhabitants, had been killed,
sea a church demolished!'
Estract of a letter from Constantinople, via Genoa,
bled April 10.--u For the last fifteen days business
his been at a stand, and this city all anarchy and con-
fisioo. The revolution among the Greeks in Walla-
chia and Moldavia has given great alarm to the go-
vernment, as they were apprehensive that all the
Greeks in the empire were concerned; and in couse-
pence of this gave orders for all the Turks in the ca-
pital to arm themselves, to be ready in case of an in-
surrection. This arming of the rabble has been the
ease of a number of robberies, and has put an end to
business; most of the shops have been shut up, afraid
of visits from these fellows. However, government
have begun to disarm them again, and have punished
a.for of the worst ; and we trust in a few days all

101 be over...

is addition to the above we take occasion to insert
nalay the letter we announced on Wednesday re-
lative to the probable progress and ultimate success
the Greek insurrection. Different as are the views
'aerated there from those we had been disposed
t. entertain, we have little hesitation in allowing it
:simission, knowing as we do not only the integrity
Ist the knowledge of the writer. It is from a gentle-
men& Bow on his way from Smyrna, where he resided
!Writ years, but which he left before the catastrophe
.leseribed above; and is dated lay the Sth :
" The Greek ri.vult recently arising in the northern
•irotinces of the Turkish Empire, will probably excite
itarh speculation in your Journals in London. It will, I
II feu, be viewed as usual, in too sanguine a manner
1 iv the friends of fiefdom; and the ardent well withers
to the emancipation of stilljugatial nations. may, as in
:louse of the Neapolitan burlesque, be again deceived.
Fur my own part, I foresee no great good as likely to
r.tult to humanity in general from these insurrections.
lithe Greek Patriots should succeed in their endea-
r:ars, will they long he able to maintain themselves
uan independent nation?? I think they could not; for,
eren supposing that they be nut already secretly de-
voted to the interests of the Russian Government,
Au:tam:it would not long regard their self-erection
into a f ;re state with an indifferent eye; and I think
es con-Aerable period must elapse before their power
toad he sufficiently consolidated, to enable them effec-
tually to oppos his •way. The nascent Greek Repub.
would form hut another stepping-block towards his
in, at extended dominion. while the Turkish Empire,
tit at present exists, is upheld against him by a
rambination of circumstances, which, for the present
it least, limit his aggrandisement in that quarter of
F..4rape. In the eyes of the Imperial parties to the
ilalv Alliance, there is something much more sacred
in a long confirmed system of oppression like that of '
Turkey, than in a constitutional Government, and
wonld rather crush a million strugglers for li-
-troy, than wound a single defender of arbitrary
T elit. Great Britain and France from commercial
,a 4 well as political connections, are the natural allies
a flukey ; but as the establishment of Greek intlepen-
Imre would probably strike a death blow at the trade
si both with that country, these motives for support
in their parts, could not prevail in such force in be-
half of the Greeks, as of the Turks.
" Whether the Greeks are likely, from their character
and resources, to succeed in throwing off their yoke, I
have had some means of judging ; hut I really feel
'impressed with apprehensions that they are not fully
prepared for so important a struggle. Although it
has, of late years, been the fashion to view their ca-
.lmbility of national exertion with reference to their
mighty exploits in the classic periods of their history,
let I consider such an association forced, and unwar-
anted by their actual state and character. It has
been said, that the Greeks are degraded only in conse-
Vence of their long wretched subjugation to the Ma-
hjmetans. lam of opinion that every kind of slavery
is destructive of manly feeling, and debasing to the
mind; but why that en:lured under the Turks is so
notch worse than that inflicted by the truly Christian
}suers or ALEXANDER Ido not clearly see. The
lireeks were the vilest of slaves under their own Em-
?eters. S.•perstition brought them to it ; and when
the Turks conquered their empire, they did not make
them slaves and cowards, but found them so. What
made the Neapolitans slaves? Not Turkish oppression
132relF. The torpifying spell was superstition ; and so
le as the Neapolitans and Greeks continue alike super-
aitions, in the same proportion will they remain alike
slavish. The Greek perhaps possesses a little more
IP°lllallenus courage than the Neapolitan, and there
15 room for less bravado ; but he is much more selfish,
mercenary, and unenlightened. From such characters,
then, should the struggle be protracted, can much be
loped ? Will the Greeks be prepared to encounter a
new enemy in ALEXANDER. after they have overcome
ilahrooad? Not they do not possess much moral
"II) as a people, and late events sufficiently chew
Is, that that is the only effectual " perilous stuff"
it" Can be made out to " weigh upon the hearts" of
Tyriatt..,

THE STA'

A Private letter from Naples, dated April tjth,
states that arrests of persons of distinction continue
unabated, and that seven or eight men were lately shot,
for being found with arms in their hands in contraven-
tion of the decree of the provisional government. The
leaders in the late Revolution are now reproaching
each other with treachery, and all appear to have been
too much actuated with selfish and mercenary views.
The Prince Royal, or Duke of Calabria, hu, it is said,
entirely retired from public business, and lives at
Coserta, about twenty-five miles from the capital. He
is generally believed to have been sincere during the
whole period of the revolution, and therefore is a great
favourite with the nation. The English fleet, except a
brig and a cutter, has left the bay, and sailed for Malta
or tilt-. lonian Islands. The French fleet consisting of
five or six ships of war, is still there.
Extract of a letter from Madrid, dated May 3:—
" The insurgents of Castile continue to cause much
uneasiness to our Government. Merino, one of their
chiefs, is no common man. Ile has succeeded in at-
taching the whole province by the power of au ascend-
ancy of mind which they cannot resist. For the present he
does not proclaim himself an enemy to the new institu-
tions ; on the contrary, lie preaches up their preser-
vation. What he pretends to combat is, the govern-
ment—the system adopted by the Cortes--the preponde-
rance of a faction, the existence of which cannot be de-
nied. On the other hand, he is guilty of great cruelty :
he pillages every where, and takes by force the men
who resist him. What proves the power he has,ivi r the
minds of the Castilian, is, that the political chief
of Burgos, to whom the government sent 211,411.11
piastres to pay spies to watch the movements of this
famous insurgent, has made answer to the Ministry,
that lie has not been able to meet with a single man
who would undertake the service, whilst he (the Poli-
tical Chief) is in his turn surrounded with spies What-
ever the cause may be, three of our best generals are
in pursuit of Merino, without beipg able to take him—
vis., the Esupecinado, Lopes Bagnos, and Riego.
The first has narrowly escaped falling into the hands
of the faction', who have taken 80 men in one ren-
contre, and 31 in another."
Farm Cuttat•na.—We have received from our cor-
respondent, ria Boston, our files of the Curacoa Cou-
rant to the frith Feb.—They confirm the accounts, for-
merly received, of the inhabitants of Maracaybo having
declared themselves in favor of the Patriots, pulled d.iwn
the Spanish flag at all the military stations, and
replaced it with the colours of Columbia. The troops,
consisting of coloured people, were adverse to the
change; hut a new commandant having been lately
appointed, who disarmed the mulatto guard, the re-
volution was completed by the unanimous de-
claration of the inhabitants in favor of inde-
pendence. Accounts from St. Thomas state,
the Governor of St. Vincent had offered a re-
ward of 1001. currency, for the bringing in
of the sloop Charles and Thomas and a person on
board, of the name of Brown, who was accused of
having violated the custom laws of France and Eng-
land, and forcibly carrying away a French custom-
house officer from St. Pierres. and landing hith
at St. Lucia. The sloop is represented to be sailing
without a register. The Editor of a Demerara paper
notices the receipt of a Sierra Leone 6asette, which
mentions the arrival at that place of a schooner from
Ilarbadoes with West India produce in exchange,
which is hailed as the dawn of a new branch of tom-
merce.—(.Vese lurk National 44sIvertistr.)
BroxaeaaTc.--Reports from St. Helena are given
in some of the papers, representing Buonaparte as
very seriously indisposed. It is stated that lie had
kept his bed for a fortnight or three weeks, that he
was nut able to retain any thing on his stomach, and
that his dissolution was thought likely. Another ac-
count, on the contrary, describes him as being much
occupied with the new residence that had been erect-
ed fur him, and as amusing himself very actively at
intervals with shooting wild eats with which the
island abounds. We have no doubt that both these
rumours may have been actually imparted, for stran-
gers on their way from India are anxious to collect what
they can relative to the Ex-Emperor, while they stay
at St. Helena, and the inhabitants always take care to
furnish them with news. The truth, however, is that
very little can be gathered there respecting him, on
which reliance can be placed. We have been assured
by a medical gentlemau, who lately touched there,
that it was as difficult to learn any authentic intelli-
gence as it was to obtain a view or an audience of this
interesting personage. This repugnance to the lio-
vernor's introduction continues unabated, and no ac-
cess being attainable by other means, Buonaparte
and his concerns remain completely au secret.
The Report of the National Vaccine Establishment
to the Secretary of State is given in a preceding.
column. In this important document it is ac-
knowledged, that " the pretensions of vacci-
nation to the merit of a perfect and exclusive
security in all cases, against small pox, were ad-
mitted at first rather too unreservedly." This ac-
knowledgement, however, is accompanied with the
assurance, that though vaccination does not always
prevent small pox, it never fails to mitigate its
severity, and render it less fatal. The document is
altogether of so important a nature as to merit the
most serious attention.
Ma. BROUGHAM'S EDUCATION BILL.--It is a little
remarkable, that although this Bill has been printed
seven months, and includes enactments of the most se-
rious importance to various classes of the community,
it does not appear to have aroused that attention
which its importance deserves ; not the least important
feature in the Bill is the expense which it will entail
upon the country, but more especially on the agricul-
tural interest. *Upon a moderate calculation that por-
tion of the expense of erecting schools which is to be
paid out of the County Rates will not be less than
2,500,000/., and the salary to be paid to the Masters
will amount to at least 300,0001 annually, to be paid
out of the Poor's Rates.—(BinsiagAiust Merewry.)
It has been signified to us that Mr. Brougham
will withdraw the Education Bill which he lately in-
troduced into the House of COMIIOIIII, for the purr
of bringii stable
feelings t
leading
of that
to invest
lei"

Ilt OF THE STATESMAN.

11, to the Press we mortals owe,
AU we believe, and almost all we know.

Of all the arts which human ingenuity, aided by
indefatigable study, has devised, that of printing has
contributed must to the general good of mankind.
This invaluable discovery was made in Germany, in
the middle of the fourteenth century. Previous to
that period, the generality of mankind were sunk in
the deepest ignorance—involved iu the thickest—dark-
est—and addicted to the grossest superstitions.
Destitute of the means of intellectual improvement.
it is not to be expected their condition could have
been otherwise; books were then scarce and dear. A
well written Bible would have cost no less than
thirty pounds ! which at that time was, at least, ten
times the value it is now. Other books were dear or
cheap according to their size; consequently, very few
of the people were able to purchase them. But as
soon as the art of printing was invented and put in
practice, those (lark clouds of ignorance that hitherto
obscured the land, were dispelled ; books became
plenty and *cheap; and knowledge rapidly increased.
There am some countries, however, even in Europe.
that, in a plitical point of view, are still asnazincly
ignorant. This is in consequence of the restrieti (its
that are laid on the press. la the countries to which
I allude, nothing is allowed to be printed with.mt be-
ing first subjected to the examination of the agents
of Government, and if it meet not with their appro-
bation, it is condemned to be burnt. flew e it is
that no publication exposing the vices and injustice
of the administration ever mikes its appearance.
But it is not so in Britain: Our constitution allots:.
us a free and independent press; and it is one of the
greatest privileges we enjuy. A free press is the
strongest bulwark we have, against the at,.tlis th.,t
are made upon our rights and liberties. Were it nit
for a free press, conducted by liberal and inilepeo,!ent
men, we would have been robbed of mane, if not all,
of those privileges which we are accustomed to hold
in the highest estimation.
Deeply impressed with these and such like sentimnits.
we ought to view with the strongest indignation All
attempts that are made to lay new restrictions upon the
liberty of the press. An Administration, honest, just,
and itninacitiate, can never be alarmed at having its
conduct discussed. The following paragraph which is
extracted front the journal of Jonathan Kentucky, an
American, who was in England a few months ago. may
probably he deemed interesting to the readers of Tut:
I STATESMAN : •
" In America," says he, " we recognise no sly!, of.
fence as political libel, thinking that a liovert;n:eot
founded in the affections of the people has nothing
to fear from such attacks; and experience has sheo
us that we are not in the wrong. With us, then,
the freedom of the press is unlimited ; and every
man may circulate his sentiments withont any ris:i,
however hostile they may be to the administration, and
even the constitution of the l'overnment. In England,
this right is also claimed ; hut though the executive
power is here so much stronger than with us. and
though it is supported by so imestinaalde a sai;itary
force, the alas who takes his pen in hand to attack the
eossehret arias rulers, writes with • halter about his
meek. In undertaking to arraign public measures, with-
out offending against the law of libel, he stands much in
the situa•ion of Shvlork, who was pe •tted to take his
pound of desh—provided he shed no drop of blood in the
operation." J. U.
_

TO THE EDLEOIt OF THE STATES.VA.V.

SlR—The following verses are the protluct!on of
a tall, thin. eccentric personage, who lives in my
neighbourhood, and I send to you. withoilt any
correction, as they dropped warm trom his lip, in a
late poetical reverie. If you should think the !! ca-
pable of giving amusement to say of your numerous
readers, you are at liberty to insert them in your
valuable journal. You will pyrreive that this btrange
gentleman is a very shallow politician, and but a
tn in-
different poet —Yours.

FIIAGNIENT.
The Ministerial storm is o'er
The howling blast has prised away ;
And Italy from shore to shore
Now mourns her children's perjury.
Milan, that forg'd each deadly lie,
Now forges fetters fur the free ;
Enslsed herself, she, too, shall sigh;

---
Tho' the strong hold of tyranny.
Oh! Worthless land ! To virtue lost !
" Now, leugh'd to scorn! a seinen'. wrongs,
" For vengeance on thy perjued host,
" Cry with a thousand trumpet tongues.
" Insulted Britain, dooa'd to feel,
" Thy serpeat•stiog thro' all her veins,
" Has lent her gold' to buy thee steel,
" And paid thy infamy with ehaios.
" Haply, thy nest of fraud and mime,
" Where oaths were purchaa'd on Commission,
" May give us, at some future time,
The ilist'ry of the Holy Mission.
" Then, ia that page of high-church glory.
" We'll see how math each galley-slave,
" Each foul assassis, for his story,
" pet from the Empress of the Wave.
" We've sent the leech to let ;lice blood;
" Yea shrift ere thy brown leeks be grey ;
41 I that the cookery was good; :eed Bill of Fare, or Bill o' the Play.
" Tell your Lord Cardinal of Rome,
" He yet may deign to own our Queen ;
" The eternal city wrapp'd in gloom,
" May teach her priests an humbler mien."
Long the Queen Caroline!! ! No Bull
Can rob her of a nation's prayers ;
Our priests are not infallible.
Nor Ifeav'n the Court of Ministers.
She lives, within our hearts enahrin'd,
Her griefs embalm'd in Britain's tears ;
While still to Providence resign'd,
We look for calmer, happier years:
TOA OMBBE.

• Tan Austrian Loan.

THE QUEEN'S BIRTH-DAY.

Yesterday being her Majesty's birth day, the nags
were Isolated at the churches of Ctippiegate, St. (hies
in the Fields, St. Bride, and other pa.ishes ; and
the Belts rung mere peals. 'Ruminations in several
places had been eowemplated and preparing, but the
unfavottrableness t the weather much damped the
design. Many parochial ard other pnblic dinners.
however, took place in honour of the day, and the
warmth of loyalty and attachment to the Queen,
the respective parties who Resembled to celebrate her
birth, counteracted the chill awl gloom of the
ungenial atmosphere. About a hundred friends of
Constitutional Reform assembled at the Eagle Tavern,
City Rneti, where an excellent dinner was providtd.-
31ajor Cartwright was in the Chair, an.l after the cloth
WAS removed proposed, as the tirst toast, " the King.
anti may he never forget the sentiments he expressed it,
his Speech in the year 1a19." 'rite Queen" was neat
given in appropriate and animated terms, and received
with the most cordial acclamnations. " Sir Francis Bur-
dett, and his exertions in time cause of the people," fol-
lowed; and other patriotic characters end sentiments
re..eived a similar tokeu of respect. 31:sjor Cartwright,
the Rev. Mr. Draper, the Rev. Mr. Hayes, Mr. %Tooter,
kc., severally addressed the company with much
a! flits and effect in the enurse of the es-ening ; '
awl the meeting separated about II o'clock, highly gra-
t:fied with the pleasures of the d my. The money col-
lected for the relief of persons in confinement under po-
litical rrosecntions,stated at the meeting to amount
to about sixteen pounds.
At Grove-Home, Catuberwell, a large and respectable
party dined together, to celebrate the occasion. The
rhair %%a.; taken by Nlr. Faye. tag at about tire o'clock,
an ian excellent dinner was serve& up. After time cloth
Int i been remitted, the toast of " his Majesty, anti no ir
tie ever recollect that the prerogatives of eilt, Croon are
held in trust for the people," was given ; and snlist-
queerly the health of her Majesty was drank with enthu-
siasm. Mr. Favell, in proposing the latter toast. made
some appropriate remarks, cor”.*.ratntoing the tam:spa:my
upon the happy deliverance of her Nlitiesty from her ene-
mies. Letters were read from Mr. All Wow!, Mr. S.
Whitbread, Sir R. Wilson, Sir W. De Crespigny. and
Mr. Denison, excusing their attendance by previous en-
gagements. Mr. Alderman Wood said lie should have
been happy to have waited upon the company. but he
had received the cotnmands of her Majesty to dine with
her at Brandenhurgh-horse. In the coarse of the even-
ing, Sir U. Keith. Mr. Ryland and others addressed the
cotnpany ; and appropriate [longs were sling, and toasts
given, in honour of the birthday of her Majesty.

JUSTICIARY CIRCUI7' COURT, INVERNESS,
APRIL 28.

RIOTERS ON THE SUTHERLAND Fn..'Tr.
John .ilqiheson, JoLn Stithr:lthil, and .INne .4fdr-
(toted, tenants in Archress, on the Marquess of Staf-
ford's estate, in the parish of Clyne, and county of
Sutherland, were put to the bar, ac: tsed of mobbing.
rioting, and defacing a party of Sheriff-officers, on
14th March last, who had proceeded there to eject
th.•rn. Matheson. having pleaded guilty, was ordered
to he six months imprisoned in the jail of Dorstoch,
and the other pannels were dismissed siopliciler front
the bar.
John Pariboo, alerander and George Dari,lson,
F:vphentia and rlirisfittn r‘irmark, &c. late sub-tenants
in Wester, in the parish of Wick, and county of Caith-
ness, were found guilty of defacing, obstructing, and
assaulting► Alexander Farquhar, messenger at arms,
on tNith November last, who proceeded there to eject
them ; and t e male prisoners were ordered to he
ins risoned six months, and the female three, in the

jail of Wick.
On Friday, pursuant to his sentence at la.t Cirrnit
rout, John Flemiog was executed at Stirling for
isning a forged five pound note of the Paisley Bank•
ing Company. The Reverend Messrs. Bruce, Ileugh,
and Stewart, attended him in bis cell, and accompa-
nied him to the Council Chamber, where the Ma-
gtstra,es were waiting ; a rains was sung, anti the
three clergymen prayed. The prisoner joined feg-
rently in the devotions, and was very much resign-
ed to his fate. lie was bronlit to the scaffold IS
I minutes past three o'clock, and almost immediately
after the strop fell. An immense multitude of spec-
' tators attended, suitably affected with the awful scene.

- --- -
SPORTING !A' TE ',MENU?.

SEWING AT TATTERSALL'S, MAY 17.

DF 'inv.-100W I. agst Unstavos-11 to st agst Reginald
—7 to 1 asst Tressilian-7 to I eget .104.
No alteration of ernsequence in the netting on the O*k•.
Dust 4, en ST. I.mmt.-7 to I asst Jack Spigot—lo to 1
art tio,tabus-20 to I mat Jock.

A statement, it is said, was yesterday made out,
to be laid before his Majesty, relative to the pro.
r,ress of the preparations in Westminster Halt.—
From this circumstance and others, expectation is
again entertained that the Coronation will take place
soon after the prorogation of Parliament.
On Friday at Chester, Sir T. Stanley's c. Doge of
Vewiee, wan the Palatine Stakes; Torrelli, the Sweep-
stakes of 20gs. each ; and Botobasine, the Handi-
cap Sweepstakes of lilgs• each ; and Sir T. Mostyn's •
b. h. Alderman Wood, the Ladies plate of but.
Conx-Excuanoe, MAY 1,4.--Having had hut few ar-
rivals of Wheat awl Barley this week, and a demanei foe
that of tine quality, prime samples of each of the ahoy,:
articles were readily disposed of at an advance of Is. per
quarter on Atonday's prices ; but there was scarcely any
thing doing in the inferior qualities.—The Oat trade
was heavy at Monday's prices, the supply being *Teeter
than the deniand.—ln Beans and Peas no alteration.
SMITH?' ELD 111 ARC/11, MAY 1 $4.—.-The Market Was short
this morning in the supply of Beef, but in Sheep awl
Lamb there was a good supply, and the prices are much
the same as per last Market day,and the Market is heavy
at Monday's prices
(To sink the offal ; per Stone of Sibs.)
\
Beef .• .. 3s. tid. to 41. 6d. C%TTLI AT MAMMY.
Mutton.. 3s. 6d. to 4s. 41 Beasts
Veal .... 4s. ed. to 31. 6d. Calves
Pork •• .. 3s. 6d. to 3s. 41 Sheep and Lambs.... 7.290
Pigs - 130

i;
t.

educed into inn fltniao - _
bringing forward a new one, more suitable to the
slings and dirpositions of the people in general ; a The election of an Alderman for Queenhithe, iu as, od. to 7s. od• pigs -
tiding feature of which will be to deprive the Clergy the room of Sir William Doinville, will take place on HAY MARIEZT.—No alteration in the prices of this
that power which a was the object on
the Stet hill Monday next. The candidates are, Mr. Capel, of Market.—Straw and Clover no alteration.
the Stick Exchange, and Mr. Venable+, a resident in-
) invest in their hands, and give it to a Committee. Hay ....31. lOs. to U. Os. I Straw „H. Ss. to 11. Ife.
bid. habitant of the Ward. closer ..41. Os. to 3i. Os. I
. .
