Bl4elitY,

reports, which can only be dictated by the personal Interest of
those who are phased to make them, and by a spirit of furred
which the enemies of Sweden take a pleasure in propagating.
" I likewise pray your Majesty will have the gamine s& to re-
mark; that the Royal Autbori:y io Sweden is very limited. and
that there are certain customs and prerogatives Mate the Cos-
stitntion does not permit it to break *through. What 1 can assure
,your Majesty is, that evety thing possible shill be dote to second
the Continental system."
DOCUMENT V.
&WIT= /RON in R9YAL IMIIP4EIIi Ten PRINCE "OVAL To
mis MAJLITT rue IIItSSCI cursive, DATZD.VOOCZHOLX,
*nemesis 19, 1810.
Stns,-1 had the honour to Inform your Majesty, by my let-
ter of the 11th of November, that the King was ready to do
v cry thing permitted him by the constitutional laws, to
prevent the introduction of English merchandire.—The
Ministry were occupied in making a very severe regulation on
this subject, when a dispatch from M. de Lajubjellte arrived.
Which brought sorrow to the King's soul. and deranged his
'health in a sensible manner. This dispatch proved to us to what
degree your Majesty was prejudiced against us, became in giv.
ing us five days to reply, you treat us with the same rigour as
nations at enmity; and the °Metal note transmitted by M. the
' Baron Mauls., has left Sweden nought but the aMictitig alter.
native, eltherOf seeing the ties broken which welted beryl&
France, or to lay herself at the mercy of a. formidable eiNpy,
by declaring war against him, without pluming die maim/sit
combating him.
In deciding to accept the thtnne of Swede/v.ll bad always
hoped, Sir, to conciliate the interests of theruntry which I had
faithfully served and defended for SU yell% with that of the
' country which had just adopted me; sluedy bad I arrived
wile I beheld thi. hope compromised, and the King must have
remarked how grkvously my heart was tore, between its at.
tachment to your Majesty and the feelings of my nee
In such a painful situation, l could do nothing else than yield
myself to the decision of the King. and abstain from taking any
part in the deliberations of the Calved! of Stale."
The Council did not dissemble their opinion-
1. That a state of *pea war, provoked by as, would %fallibly
came the capture of all the vessels whit :ate pee to carry irna
to America.
IL That at the termination of as unfortunate war our maga.
it were empty, our amends without activity. aid to wags
Ornery tlhhrZ, and that funds were dekleat to answer all the
israata..
9. 'fist siasitheable Isis were wasting to protect the feet at
Carterross, sod repair the fortileatioas of that plate, without
titers bilaviey hairerweb purpose.
.4. That the reunite of the semy required an extrierdionei.
eapeaditure of at lees: seven er eight millions, and that the
Ciamtitatioadees not permit the King to levy any tot whine!
**OM* of the States General. ,

. _
5* That salt is an object of the ant MO wast,elnehmineesie ' 13th of nets month from town. _ _ suite ,
therto...it 4Mk
Sity in Sweden, and that it has hi_ .
from England only. bees at/giiad>'
wW, k will be five carriegsw with- four horses to each.—lfliky inught, and in which the children of the Pro.
But all these considerations, Sire, have ementemee het'ore
.. _s - -. ' Three of the children will aecompany the Countess !fittest and Catholic, the Churchman and Methodist,
of vo ,very . , aqua y o partake .
Lo on and likewise two n' who are serif II t the benefits of education, the
the desire of gratifying yore Majesty. The King sad Coma ouug Ladies. Majoi "Ditircl, and .the-Honourable ' Bikes of Keret and Svsszit have afforded their libe•
havo.hoess deaf to the cry of public misery, and WIZ WWI I siti. si
aMilowbeen determined on, eotrely through deferenee its your
Majesty, and to conrineeyonr cdunantators that Sweden; re- .114119 ESTER %knees% old areompaoy the Noble Elia ' rid petronageend decided support.
his Aid-ale-Camps. The .Pllll‘Cir REIIiNT 'tV,filf 1
~. It . Y,belonging-
I Ira - -- A ' ►!rows to Captain JIINWEIL: Was
stared tags wiseaucooderate Government, atom. Only.*, * hold another Levre•lietoeschis Lordship's deparqtre,,l altAtedXestertlay to go 25 miles in an hour and a
maritime peace. Happy, Sire, would this Sweden,)tlaillaso • 'when he will attend, and take his formal, lust ' Os': kgrav49lagetutia.s, The match took place yes.
Hale known, be, if iaretorn for A her devottansphezleagat airth. -Earl gives a Braid entertal!`aleitt, If 'hia,,. •: on the Bali-road, and the animal did eight
obtain somitokens of your slajesty's goOd wilt. ' , , horse in St. J-tmes's4pleoe, to the 'Di rictord of-tbd : , . i`jiaatler in the first hat? hour, and corn-
•l Honourable East India Con any -Evety- .prd. pi- tat..-11; -**lll,. kthe distance's 43 minutes. The match
Sweden and its affairs, in the present eonditienition is making to expedite the departure of the ik'ole :!ateasms.sithin three minutes under the given time.
of Europe, interest the Statesman more than at any
u
- , of the establishment, which will be, a very nnierout ff. mktoodaymorniog, about eleven o'clock, a y cell
former period within the two last centuries. 13y the
. one. For the first time since the establishment of the ,:alwalles, ItentealY dreased 1 endeavoured to dross it her. d
Gottenburgh Mails, three other State Papers,i'isseed be regularly
British in the Fast, Courts and Drawing-rooms will !self irrtiie Cane, at the top of St. James's Palk, a .
by the Court of 'Stockholm, have come to hand, bet I held once a month, and be supported "jbliting Piccadilly, but was prevented by two Gel-
with the utmost splendour and hospitality. To add :;tlensen seising her at the moment she attempted to
the two we publish only are important. to the eclat, four new carriages are building, and throw heeself into thewater.
The first, or No. 1., relates to a convereatinn i nearly finished; one of them is a state-coach of sin- I A shocking accident happened at Lewisham, du-
which took place so long ago as October'96, igioslgular elegance and richness. The body of the latter . ring the high wind last Thursday. A Stock of chin•
between the Swedish Minister and BONAPAILTE, at . differs from every other vehicle yet made in its size nieg was blown down at the house of Mr. Corbett, a
Paris,
explaining the conduct of his Court, against and formation. • [ seminary for young ladies • and one of the young
' ladies tilled he ' -Others alsosuffered
We are desired to contradict, from, -the was on t spot.
which the'Emperor had remonstrated. report of the marriage of the Duke of DEVONSHIRE severely by broken limbs and contusions.
No. 11. is a note from the French Minister, with the Lady GeORGIANA Seescea, there being no 1 In the course of Sitaday asorning a gig, In which
Awisn, to the Swedish Minister of State, &FA. foundation whatever Tor it. Earl Sezacca's eldest ' was a gentleman and lie daushter, the former bear.
GERSTROIII, dated Stockholm. November 13, 1910, daughter, the Lady SARAH SPENCER, is shortly to ing the appearance of a clergyman, was Mil away
complaining of Swedish partiality towards England be married to the Hon. Was. licanY I.vrratmox, r with by the Horse in Hyde Park, which took fright
._ It is circosustanoo may have occasioned the iris- at a party of soldiers, and rashest with great fury to.
by conniving at and encouraging the commerce o ant h '
y . - i wards Kensington. . The vehicle was, however, hap.
English shipping, to the frustration of the design of take. • .
In a late scientific work,- published in France, I rily stopped opposite Knightsbridge barracks, by one
the Continental System. it is stated, that in the victory at Trafalgar, Lord of the dragoons on duty, woo, with grist fortitude,
No. 111. is a reply from the above Swedish Minis, Nation (whom an Englishman cannot mention ' push. 11 at the horse as be was using, and seizing the
ter to M. Awns, dated November IS, 1110 via- without the mixed emotions due to this transcendent ; rein, held him so tight,' as completely to check his
s
dicsatlog the conduct of his Curt. genies, end his loss !) had, on that ever memorable, rapid career. The young lady had (slated, but was
- day, a " peculiar mode of loading his
_great soon restored.
• pus, with three or more bulls, than one!"--Can ...Ann
In the Moore, the fasting woman of Tetbury,
, first day's debate on theeliest Importipt of sag nautical conaspondent say whether this wasso , proves to be a 4‘fliata impostor—so mots the wart`
all Parliamantary discaideas, via. the Casmorato or net I • ..1 tits Of Dr. llestimmallw et 4ilettleantkaara.
,

•-------- -
The 'Winning it it:correct Copy of
C atholi c Petition, asziesolved upon" at
or their General Rlard, on the 9th
sentea to the Muse of Commons,
eight, by the Right lion. WM. ELLI,OT,
Nine Thousand respectable Signatures,
those of the Lords, SNREWSIVILY, NEW-
CO,IBERG. STOURTON, PETRE, ARUND.
3nd CLIFRD, 11114 MOM of the principal
GentlemeFOn in England.

64 TO Tilt HON. TIIE COMMONS OF, GI
AND /NEL% mD, IN PARI.IAMENT ASS)
64 We, whose Names are underw;
Catholics of England, humbly beg leave
to your Honourable (louse—
" That in the fourth Session of ti
went, the Roman Catholics of England.
Petition to your Honourable House, stating
cod grievances under which they
humbly praying relief :
" That in the last Session of Parli
Hon. House came to a Resolution for '
most serious consideration, early in: ,
Session of Parliament, the laws affecting
Roman Catholic subjects lu Great Orli
land, with a view to a final and. oncjili
ment :
46 That your. Petitioners, fully con
aforesaid- vote of your Honourable Hot
selves called upon, in justice to their .
themselves, again to solicit yeui :Matt)
many penal and disabling laws to which
Catholics of England are subject, f
tenets purely religious ; while they eai
assert, witheat fear of contradiction
of their conduct, that in loyaltfand fit
Sovereign, in attachment to the Consi
obedience to the Laws of their count;
to no doss whatever of his Majesty'
Subjects.
That your Petitioners, in thus spit Ipproaching
your Honourable House, beg leave to repeat, that
they are actuated not more by a sense of the hard.'
ships audedisabilities under which they labour, than
by a desire to secure, on the most solid foundation,
the peace and harmony of the British Empire; and
to obtain for themselves, opportunities of manifest-
ing, by the most active exertions, their zeal and in- .
teresi in the common cause in which their country is
enga4ed, for the maintenance of its Freedom and
liel,pendence.
" That your Petitioners beg leave to remind your
Hoeourahle House, that they have cheerfully and
readily taken the oaths, and signe&the declarations,
prescribed in the Acts which have been passed for
their relief; and have expressly disclaimed by them,
every principle inconsistent with their duty to their
King or their Country, that has ever been charged
against them. And they further beg leave to ob-
serve, "that the refusal of those oaths, the takinew,of
which, would at •oece I;.berate them 'from. all the
penattiea and &abilities of whiAt they complaint In-
controvertibly prove how sabred they hold the.obli.
gatioii of an oath: Your Pititioners also,hnmb~ly
tonceive, that further seeurities cannot r Y
be required from them; but this, with a perfeot spirit
of conciliation, 'they leave to the wisdom and deci-
sion of the Legislature, trusting and feeling
.con-
fident that the Legislature will never undo or render
negatory it's own work, by accompanying the relief
ranted, with any clause or clauses, to which your
Petitioners cannot conscientiously assent..
" Your Petitioners therefore most humbly pray, That
your Henourhble House will take into its Consideration
the salty Penalties twd Disabilities to which the Roman
Cathlia of Inland are subject, and adopt such men-
lures for the total Repeal of them, as your Honourable
House Oath in its treat wisdom and benignity, deem ex-
pedient." - •

FAST DAY.

ASSOCIATION iiOtt THE RELIEF OP THE KANO.
FACTURING AND LABOURING POOR.

We understancithit the general contribution which
is usually made on this occasion, in aid of some its.
Pportant object of benevolence, will, on the ensuing
Fast„ be raked for that excellent Institution, " rto
Association for the Manufacturing and Labouris%
Poor." This Institution has, from a concurrence„oc
circirmstances, most unfortunate for the deserving
objects of its bounty', as yet received a very insufh,
cient proportion of pecuniary moans. There is earl
tainly no one object appealing more closely to tie
feelings, and having so natural and powerful a tie on
the liberality of a British public, as the muse of tb,eig
own manufacturing poor. ' ,
When the stores of charity in this country ate lmtoedijr
and freely opened, on thetidinp? sifferiog huMaiiiti,
co- shores, stirely our benivolenf imitate/men wilrontt
. '
that, among ounielvts, There:we .iiew thiciwands ti *baled
bound even by a still stronger obligation, who've morsilidasiso I
is bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh, coderle% the mot I
severe privatigns with exemplary patience, and whit',Zr,liiiit
for the exertions of this Roeiety,that have considered 'et.:
low.subjeets, regarded the wants of-all °then as more &beryl* i
of attention than theirs, and that because some terbeleut spirits
were making privation not endured by themselves, the remit
for excess, they were to be visited who were slitydlly •aod **b...
missively• suffering in the .-common cause. Fee it sbatild he.
fully felt and impressed, that the inhabitants of our Manufae-
taring Disc icts have been at least the greatest sufferers here
from the measures of our enemy, they therefore have .Or
greatest <kim for 'our assistance. There has been a happy
disproport;on between the pecuniary means pf this Institut-we,
and the success of its exertions. Jt has to an extent which
eoeltl warrely have been expected, drawn forth the local
Clarifies of-the country, adopted means of adding to the eons-
iron ut,)ek 'of food, ,by subduing the prejudices against
Fish. that inexhaustible-and accessible provision, and intro-
&clog it ;Cr the inferior ; and it has produced a most salutary
imprc... of gratitude among the poor, for the regard which
Lis I Pen thus shown tb their sufferings. To this good work,
the highest and most illustrious character; in the nation have
given their personal labours, and diligent attention. fins In.
'Lannon is now making another appeal to the Public for as.
sisiance ; nod if it does not produce the effect which such an
app. al has so seldom failed to make on the generosil of Bd.
tons, the elacts of this institution may be expected shortly to
terminate—to terminate, now that they are wanted, whatever
may he supposed to tae contrary, as much as at en y former
period of this pressure on the poor. It is much to he hoped
that the benevolent Ministers 0( Religion in the Establishment
rand of all denomination, will afford &eir aid and co-operation
on the ensuing last-day, by collections after Divine *.rvire i
and that the same powerful assistance w hid) has, on other occa-
sions, been thus given te various useful Inaitittions (and was on
the last so largely to that truly important one. for distributing
Bibles to the Army and Navy), will owf, en t
denied to our deserving manufacturers.—(See
pfoceedings of the General 4 this
1. reemason's Tavern, into
Sled in the Adrertisemeat '

_ necessary
on who might be discharged in the Isle of Man, as
to the effect or that 'discharge; and he thobglit that
such provision might be properly incorporated with
any Bill respecting debtors in Ireland.
'rho Petition was ordered to He on the-table.

Lord ERSKINE asked, .if any provision was
made in the Bill just passed, for the discharge of
Bankrupts who had not obtained their certificates.
Lord REDESDALE said, there was a provision
for that purpose,-under certain limitations.
CATHOLIC CLAIMS.

Petitions against the Catholic Claims were pre.
rented by Lord tit. Helen's from Stamford ; by the
Bishop of Chester, from the inhabitants of Worley,
in Lancashire (the latter ackgowledging the peace.
able and loyal conduct of the Catholics in their neigh.
bourhood); and from the Protestants of the County
of Cavan.*Ordered to lie on the table. _

The Marquis WELLESLEY presented a Petition
from certain inhabitants of Chichester and its neigh.
boarhood, 16 favour of the Catholic Claims. His
Lordship stated; that. when notice was issued that
this Petition was lying for signatures, a hand-bill
was circulated—Oast of .whicts a readjt warning
persons against signing h ; and, for the purpose as
alleged) of stating the real opinions of the Catholics,
quoting passages from a publication entitled, The
Third Part of the Statement of Penal Lam, which,
itArsi asserted, had been published by the authority
of the Catholic Board. This pretended Third Part
of the Statement of Penal Laws, it was notorious
in Ireland, was a fabrication, and it was there con-
sidered as a joke. It had, however, been observed,
that what was considered a joke in Ireland, was
sometimes looked upon in a very serious light in this
country ; and so it was with this fabrication, which
had been industriously circulated, as the real opi-
nions of the Catholics, in Sussex, in many parts of
Yorkshire and Lancashire, and in other quarters.—
It had deterred many persons at Chichester from
signing the Petition he was then presenting, and was
calculated to produce the worst, effect, in exciting
violence, by the grossest and most. mischievous mitt-
lepreseatation. He, therefore, trusted that, great
caution would be used in guefding against violence on
either side, in-order that a calm and dispassionate
discussion might be' had upon this momentous and
vitally import ant question.
The Petition was ordered to lie on the table. r •
Adjourned till Monday.

; • • • fX111m.....•

Urged, , a engaged
a turtle. feast. •
Mr. BATHURST, so far is he *as concerned, he
was not engaged to a feast. [Laugh]
The motion was .accordinglipostpoued to Thurs-
day next.
GREAT GRIMSBY ELECTION.,
The Chairman of the Select cenwittee on the sub;
ject of a Petition from the witnesses, who had come
to town in consequence of an order of the House to
attend the Committee appointed to try the Petition
against the return for Great Grimsby, presented a
Report from the said Committee, and moved that the
Report do lie on the table.—Qrdered.
On the motion of Mr. W. WYNNE, seconded by
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, an
Address was ordered to be presented to the Prince
Regent, praying, that remuneration for their trouble
and expences should be made to se•erai of the wit-
nesses who came to town, to attend the Great
Grimshy Election Committee. TO be .presented by
such Members of that House as were Privy Coun.
cillort.

had oftais_pnt question in I,reliti4i,and iss, Eng-
land; and could never yet hear in What thee& Seco..
!Ulm were to con.ist.—[Hear, *ear . Wks wai
to draw the Bond?, Who ware •••to sign if? Awl oak
whom .wets the -penalties arising frosts a fitlivire' in
performance of the conditions of it to fall I Oa did
not see by whom such securities ctihltl br 0,0; and
be Was certain, they Sought' not to be asked, '..Noe
thing, he thOulht, should be asked of any set ales
beyond theit Apt.' To a min the Catholics:Wm,
land wefi *Win tp, take the, oath of allagiaiste.-ib
That was i powerful. oath, and,' if they broke itni
they would- breik, any oath • the Legislature coo
Put to thew,: His Honourable and Learned Frie
then stated, what he thought should be the provisions
for the Catholic Clergy. This subject had been disc
cussed again* and again, atut the Catholic Bishepsba
determined that their clergy should take no payments
bat-from their own flocks. Its was of opinion they
oughtaot to be paid by.the public, nor should' they
If they, wished, in. Far be-it from hits to lay hoe
Bishoprtcks were acquired •
sill he knewwast_titat
the_ _
confer:Biel'
Edgings'

. _ __ •
On the motion of Lord CASTLEILEA6H, the 1 theinduenee sitaliiitiftiedt.,....3 right te„
Rouse *greed to take into consideretion -the Pod., 'wet great, itUdVitilli iildltfont to the paid
don of the East India Company, -,04415is day fort- Irish Bishopricks, the- Catholic were placid at the
night. - - . I back' of them, Government weeld.soon become dee.
Lord PALMERSTON moved-the -Army Es& epode... it the Catholics were to concede the right or
mates. veto, he hoped the denomination of oefo-men would
The House then pasted to the Order of the Day, '.be applied to them; they would deserve it: fie felt
for the further consideration of the Roman Catholic it to be. his duty to -take his humble share in the
Claims, when' present discussion. His duty naturally imposed it
Sir JOHN • COX HIPPISLEY rose and said, on him 2 feeling as he did, that the :welfare of hie
that it was not his duty to give a silent vote on this l'
country'-required the removal of all religious &aid.
question. He Made some observations on part of I lilies and dlitinctions ; by which every man might
what had fallen last night from a Right Hon. Gen. 'be at liberty to make his peace with- the Almighty in
tleman opposite (we believe Mr. Yorke). The lion. ! his, own way, end. be taught to do to others as he
Baronet wished to give currency to his own opinions would wiak them to do to hint. On a system of con. .
on thissubject within, as he had done without the I ciliation*anden a speedy concession of the pointS; in
walls of this House. The Right llon..Gentledlan ! dispute, he ; had long been . convinced depended the
opposite, had made SIMI* allusion is his' Speech to I peace and happiness, not of; Ireland alone, but of
what were called the Blue Books,.enti.,lhe would England alsbl'attd the security and integrity of the
• state that he held some papers inliiihand relatiie to I British empire: The Member for.Oorfe Castle told
that subject, which were presented,to,,ldta es be was I the House that the concession to the Catholics would
comintin to :he House to night. ,Thirdec.ument at- endanger the eatahlithefl religion) and the established
`laded' to by him in the Blue- Beetle Ina been the sub- government.: ;jo,b,, matchless ignorance!. matchless
! Ject of much controversy, end somaiextracts, or pie- infelecaitml-tt-iltimtglid-1.-Nine-tenths of the pre.'
tended extracts; from it were lately pebtishedin the party, as well as the numerical force and ability'ot
**reins Post.. But raw imputations: intended to be , Ireland were fernerablejtq . the Catholic Claims. All
thereby cast on the English Cathelles;Werelatetirand I parties, pi4od, Fere favourablelteZathelie Ratan.
publicly denied by the Catholic BOattl-, • Ib the elt- I cipalkns exCept _the Government, which wee -nay/
tracts it had been asserted, or insinuated,.that 1400 I viewed in Ireland, with .that contempt- whichiidesii •
names had been.withdrawn from the liattroteent Called I served. Its acts exhibited one :matinee& "scitaii. ''-if ,
the Ptdtettatleit, at the instance. and-. solicitation of ' bigotry and intolerance from one' year's entlfit the,
die YouiPiglish Vicars Apostolic. The Hon. Bare- other; and the people of Ireland had nailikguts to
Sit these react, extracts from the piper* which . had; see the folly and eriminality of eictuding from their
; been.put into his hind this evening. by Mr: -Charies ! natiftel right 4 loAlliopu. of.their fellow.eitixentkfite
I tuSlelff,,Wite.svas Secretary to the Cethode Board atj tlw i(akenfeE tuji. is: ter"-iitho. worst dread"; too'
I theuperiedn its question?: namely, 1701. - .I`heiteei..! higlirY -it en lc ~oiititted., at the
.expence if the
;
- •
tracts pro Ted; that those who withdrew their names e4ually titititla de radellop of the- greater body of
I att.hit time from the Peotestation,• did net do so for_ the p.epplk • tie greatest part of-the petitionsabich- •
I thalitsifiiini siittioilliti" ilia- Morning' Net -oi by the hid billin- ftligellited against 'the Catholic Gained bad •
sJ •
Right Hon. Gentleman opposite. ;Those whis islib' been carried !trough in a clandestine pismires, to -
dre,f their names were induced to do .so, not from . O niaavietitilt4kftrebt indeed (rola that in Whit&
any att;red opinions relative to the Protestation, but the Peados' .lii 'fitiour 0f the Catholics had teen
'1 on account of some words of a doctrinal =nature',' ! agreed to fpaieidufarty -the Petition which ke-himself
which *cured in the oath that accompanied' the Pro.' had presented from lhe great and powerfeteennty
ttstatibn; an 'oath., it ought-to be states], which was of Tippentry.-iii;. laugh.]—He contended,, that
drawn pp by a zealous Protestant. Even Mr. Fox, if It were only for the' late important • l'ictories-
,ln 1805, vindicated them for 'refusing to take that gained by our armies, principally composed of
oath, as it required them to make such an abjure- Irish Catholic* they . w entitled to the cons...
tiCn at he (Mr: Fqx), were be a Protestant Bishop, munity .of rightt• for attlpfi they • now .applied.--..
Would not: wish any Priest of his to make. The And the pissentioti iriti4 :slso admitted to -aint.i.
Vicars Apostolic did not object to the taking_ of the tar enjoyment. Ireland_ fit present. fueniehed _a-.
oath when amended.; all the document. connected, greater prOportiOn'towarth:Ate defence ditto 110..
With these transactions were at-present iu the British pire than England did, and yet England-condo*
Museum.. The lion. Bart. then proceeded to rtgPro- to keep' her best defenders in a state of slavery*
' bate, in the strongest terms, the party spirit and ills- and rule over the fertile and beautiful country of
berality of the Morning Post, the Editor of which re-. Ireland with a rod. of iron. In proportion asA Go..
' fused to adinit some communications . into that paper, vernment required to use the .bayonet to . contralti
I which were intended to contradict and refute some of the 'people,-. La 44 came Proportion must there bi
its. former statements. He was sorry to And thatsuch something, nett iss. the system., If the Catholics
. was the degraded statreif the publjc press of this free were cordialli,y united to this-country, 4 feeling a.
country. The Hon. Gentleman defied any man to communityatf Intereit in her. welfare, the,r4lottatry•
point out as Kingdom, except . Great Britlin, in Would, iodoed),. 'be rendered powerful, ,kbd we
o hichthe King did not actually neme the clerzy : should ka...togissr oiekto have recourse to floceiga
all thatvrat here asked or the Catholics was trot the defendervi. cootrary to the en:data:it: that •
nomination, but only a negative. •He -could not paladins% of our abodes', Magna ..1 N
- Catholic ' be forced tostieetihuo •
• oar •
. . ,
sorvisokof

I ‘4

•
'- - • ."
- .-4P47,4; '.',..:,--..: H' —I, . "!10,104007illidisopsia**:, :s,'.-4** tirt-X.F#0•44‘..„ .. . ~,,, . ...,,.,
tale
of the ler
,"; ** ICOUSE ti! ..... • Ilt
.. . . Th. A . 0,100:40.10.,404..qpiti0vgd.. -i, .:: ,_ 4 ., . erapioggit: .
...1! - •
~... . ) 'Wel?
at the M . ' .•1,0'.1' °eternities of PAW
..,,,
_1" -Ike' 'Banbury ! .. Mr: BA qfp•
_16,..,0, its sun 4*,l4°444lso4******lrflui ' ‘,l ' ,t: -• or ; g' .
,7••; .
just. ea.. ;'Lord BRSKINEI': etifilidtlOdpinlinia at :that the "MI 'S,SMeliellelbusid.ba. ANI. lei INA saelsta- abok , , .
...,--:
.t.. • 4,4,, •4.
oe'Thursdagy• ssisideiel;itiv; and lonclededireteltittletetheCliskFiliTileT._ , •.;; .;, ~ ..:',?.i -:,.. • ;;.: -,•• ....* • ,4,:i-• *. , ~:ti ....fprnasahak eke - , , , ... .. .
,T, with nbirty *spa lb* geallAle ale*. -4,, ~,.1..! •.•-.. , .• 1 -14 -
Ir.
nes, including, r, -Alter ti. few tiords.from the. Augreikef, .I ! ivas•eitiBlo44,, ikt ha likofieleitiOis the rneetelfecfellsilbv:. • -111414.-itet ierniitll.-
wag aoe,!-Fggstr• .P. The LORD CII,ANPC74O,IIc • 14 *to ;be • peat of Selit*lfteeillitil;iiimi ear: ' cv .-.,...
~
•-•.- -:,,• . : the of .tfit litoitillltlitiKcltOt..lisklitli.
Sataio poE
vsta., Dowses': ii ' ['Ong 'discussion must prolvaitty - : place ltifslre i• fifilotiOdilrnetifti;thrit tipeit*ol4'.lll`,loilakft :Iris Thhre alone could Kble a1(404,1t ep4stifii 01 - ,
41z!
wipe( Catholic 1 -they' come in a decision, It visitlebell.fing ;6iliiiilqi lit i colpign4l4%4ll:llliititit Isol4.kintlAlkeke.tiailis-e. Aring" dMerniitii4 ..aftelfresjielAddor..celkleapt.., - .
.. • i some day when they :etivilltslll4o44lolljrfs the'tnern:r* igth to marble ea 4dd, )oft -th.- .0,,,,0te.e, to theliC,o4ll*,brotseaghtegchiseko4-hi
• 1 lag.
'•
;.. :-••• .;••,1!.,44vr . .. • I an#*otiaiether,7- Alletherz trevfleyingthe owl- , -4*
:...410g -I.4::••shau.• las.a.3l"alltit.... -0:•••174"4"..;171
; ICE A T !BRITAIN . Lord .ELLENBOROUGH iellettbst be should demi telies.:ilefilife4lib , '' ' ;;;sipthreiirey• other Muggy woinme ...g. • ....-frakw,....., ' ~e5igi,......4.. . '
SsEM BLED. ' have leisure to devote himself,ts subject either . point din!, that ; tot el the interpesition of the Wool. not bs for'svant Of .a law ow tbislobjeti.; if
Mii ritten, Reran nday.or Tuesday sennight ; 10, 'On the motion i House wail wanted,. istol be attended With no pos. they did not suilistiently Secure thernseiveai lly:tira
ve to. represent of the LORD CII A.NCELLO*, 'the further pro. Bible utility. . . . • . l3th' Ent. it was prOfisietthst no bldr 'Wei TAN;iel
,
reeding was postponed -till "-MditdisY'sts'nviight, at . The House divided,
.. •.,,.• ' - Script alteli'enter the country-withotttiamcied.,
the last Nita- ten o'clock in the morning. - ; • . '' ' • liolk Amendment 4 .
~. by the Stitiettirtt; state. '. He . th.i..K -
,flifikfl6)p!,
~, • . •
nd presented a Some local and private Bills were brought up from . ''' . "atie'ealt: •' • - '' - ' - in fittilit,.‘nCrtp Ittlntniii:. of Hip Riglit 441.W/00m
• . . .. . . ..
biting the prin- !-the Come** by Lerd St. aniefelSie4l. er, Cotterel4. .* - and.iity'si 4..-I;iti'a Se irtileOlimeg,_,-• .64 ..' mac. •-g-f,3„- -11. . Seined.!i- '''" .*'• -"'"--"*.' "1•' "41' :
. labour ;. and ;and other Members, eld reed Ik:int titne, . •,-....); :. i-Mr. Jefttsthh.; from thetattdOe-rieek 'Company '44 I.* aV. gb. ,o_lll9 09.z......,.-:1 1.- 4.'i '1"-•,- ►1- ''s 40) s'4l- •- - • .
7 ' I The Local Token Anientbeent. Bill was• read !II• wielded ilia:oast Of Rye Receipt, end" :Disburse. . benefal..244T#l63Y, Salk it liPtioulllV ile; 444
rliament, your ; second time, etidconiniitted fer.blekdity. • mentOortheakti COttinany;. from •Normaker, 1811; I after OW very ii.kl. .PPeetb of his . fieteenrilerond .'-
taking into its 1 Mr. Johnson, from thO LondOn bock company, t• Atompspberi. 1811.. Also .a Repnrr.ffelsilge to the i Learned- Catettryome and friend (Mr. Pioeiteft); ',
the then next . presented an account of the IticiiPts and Disburse.
Nova`
Rtiri.,.T..... Of. the,. W.9r.kii-- -•. , g . , Yesterday,. 2t tilviewwai little for hiptor ant eel . ...,,..;,. .., .
4 hisMajesty'citaents'ef the said Company, fronik'Noki.-1811 to e•• - • ' 14.1tE PRISCESt OP WACES: ,• • else to add .* Orniiebtetti Thot speeoc.sibbve•all : '
Alain .esodire,;;lBl2. Also a Report relative to-the. pregreis of the" Mr. COCHRANE- JOHNSTONE 'wished * for he ever heartkoireed, aiforded theleOstsati#ictory „L. '
;illatorLeiteet4 Works., •• . . ri;7,,, .:.•,7 •, • . • , leave to postpone the Merlon be intended to stibmiqh.ticiugfepht.t44.., ;,oi,i44JroifsnitrOn.oefb!.sAiect,_ .
iNscomEwr_emamitt. . ~.. ,- '• . shelaeolinaialelatite.to:theieceedirtelnetitnted on j viii.gkfcli-i.id-- . ' 415r...40..51.t0 .tirtftniAll, *his . •
alit .
onfidlng . The -Solvent Debteievl,4- wee" en. ifiefik;doP..ilteinlieet et loei Rile!, •' fflitseets- ego Prineeiss 0f.4151P144- 'r:(''• • • • -118188114baeiirtif.teSeekbad . , • -•
)use, feel them:l of Lord
,BEDESDALE; ried ic Bihar 414. :OJAI wateedrori'Mondarto.Thuiedsy ugat,' .-I,le•under- • mew ..-- • is.*:-c... 'i .. .
Fright7l4 1.:
. jr... '
. , .
'ir iamilies'and 4 paired.- • • ,*I Ste .04 .as tatnlettviware.to•heteateille feast. on' ,- . P '' •i.:. .; I''' •'•' . Rd 114. 761 .--. .. .•.: - • 'I; .1„
t fa. •-34 • ,. - .
tention ii thei • !Ile Marquis of LANSDOWPftifieSitired d no; ,:hige4e3,
..t:wookthe.move convenient for-them thiirtmr:".HVl 1-I la §401! tv ~_, ' , . .1.
lick the Roman ...Mien from persons coutined for Debt *lin Ireland,' thdaisiii'ssion,skoptd come en on xhiridat.,, j f_iorne."llli/Ple.:itit
.Ined ~lend is ~,arness iblefe;
._ •'. - ' •..
for adhering to i praying that the previsions. contained .in the. abeve i The SOLICITOR-GENERAL 'objected :to the** 441, Kt
.2,, 41i1S1J1-, . rive4,,Friesd isas-Sn wive. ,
His Lordship ell. 1 postponement. • P, Cie, fei clic Etesiiscipstiost; and in Hutt Wire.'
can confidently ;Bill might be extended to them.,
from any part : pressed a hope that thit subject might meet with the .
. Mr' WHITBREAD totttetidett Sat' this fief per- : with'him. t bat he...ras. -an Odvocate,,forit;4venths,
fidelity to their ! attentioq of the Noble and Learned Lord. • i red consottantto the practice otilit Mdse. i lull atid ample Securities ti,the freternant Religion,
nstitution, and i Lord REDESDALE' observed, that he had paid ;
,')fie SOLI Cf l'O R-6 E 1 ERIE saic4l‘..theegh - he' and in ma' t 'he- (Genera Matliewydiffived from Os
try, they yield ; sane attention to the subject, but he thought it right , was but en infant In Pertiaminti4 proceedings; he : Honourable and Learned Friend. . He: viroild lisk hie
y's most loyal that the Opinions of his Majesty's Judges in Ireland "was aware of the practice of the, Heise being as the :.11.00. and IRdited Friend if he hid* ever- snider
I faity
should be obtained upon it. ' *lt had struck hiatilutt
,i nous Gentleman had describediASOL. he objected to or been able ftioiake out !rem • othisektollll4..likeo
in approaching lease provisions were necessary with, a view te 1.).2bt„. I,a-Le.:reasbn urged, of Ministers being to be engaged in i securitie# , shoal!: be—Elleak, liisic LI-. No. bigwig
