TIIR ONLY DIRECT MAC!! TO CARLISLE.

The New Royal Potent Mail. Cambridge thro' Wore,
Riintingford, Ruckland, k Royston. Peening, at half-past
7 o'c ark, Sunday, at a (miller beibre 7.
Kendal, Lancaster, Preston, Kirby. Lonsdote,
Charley, Ormskirk and Garstang Light I'ust Coacnes,
ere, y Morning and Afternoon.
The " Royal Express." New Light Four-Inside Post
Coach, to Liverpool, in 2'3 Hours only, thro' Warrisalors,
Present. Conytelon. Lawton, !Vetreastle. itortgly. Kn s-
ford. Stone, Sit'ord and Litchfield. (ontg One Vglit on
the Road,) every Afternoon ; arrives at the Santee it. 4
Mead Inn, hale-street, Liverpool, next Even:lig.
The adrientages t 3 Travellers trho honour this rage% wFth
.I.kelypreferenre t 'Mt fer.linperTer to any other on this Read,
as the "Royal Kroress" is driven throughout with 4 ewe/a-
men only ( 3 less than any other eoarh to Lieerpool)—a sa-
ving to Passengers too evident to require comment ; besides
the additional ailra ;doge. especially to rominercial inter-
est:, of performing the journey in less time than anti other
coach ; and. notwithstanding its cheapness and expedition,
Ike Proprietors pledge themselves that for safety and or-
commodatioa it is equalled by fati and shall be surpassed
by none.

Staffordshire Potteries, a new Unlit very last Coseh, every
Afternoon. t.s Lane id, Stoke, Shelton, Floirslein,
Lawton, thinly and Holmes Chapel. Tbis is the only Coach
direct to the Potteries.

Wakelie 4-laside Post Coaches, erery Morning and
Afternoon, AT REDUCED FARES.
C'hesier, Neorport, IVhiteehurch, Tarporley, Nampt-
;rich, Norllurich and Middleuich Liyht Coaches, ererb
Morning and ,ilternoon.
Stamford I.ileat Post engehes every NT orninz and Afternoon
through ['hillock. Ftivtleiernde, St. Neots, Buckden. Alcoa
bury, Stilton. au, Wontl,ford.
Sunderland, Stockton and Yarn' Light Post Coach every
Morning, to the George Inn, Sunderland, AT REDECCD
FARES.

Mountain's " Exprels. Umpire ani Telly lin," In Man-
chester, Congleton, Norms:lie, Kra!sal, IVolver-
!tampion k KnutsjUrd, Nem Pour Inside Post Coaches,
Three Times a MM. Only One Night on the Road.
Nheffletd and Rotherham new Four Inside Post Cottehes
erery Morning, called 6` The Express," and also " The
Rockingham," erery Afternoon. AT nkourso FARES.

The " Erpress," new flirmiegham Light Fast Night
Coach, in 15 hoisrs, sets out every afternoon. carrying 4 inside
eilly. passes through Warwick. Leamindon, Sumthans,
Weedon. Darentry. Stoney-Sti afford. and Toweester, to
the sorrreeit's !lead, Hell Steed, Birmingham. early the
tier! moening.—Drivex throngh with two coachmen only.
Tke " Express" a New Light l'ost Coach to Thal.
Northeave, Iluniden and Doncaster, tarry morning,
al eight o'clock to the Cross tirys..Market Place. MU, and
also the " Rockinghoin" in the afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The Hertford, Ware. lioddesdon and Cheskunt Coach.
Tottenham and Edmonton Coaches daily at eleven, half-
as t two, fire, and eight o'clock.
gy At Reduced Fares, to Leeds, York, and Doncaster:
Luggage and Packages at only two-pence per lb.
S. A. NIOUN'FAIN and Cu. respectfully acquaint their
Friends are, the Public, that they will not be accountable
for any Parcels, Passengers' Luggage, Writings, Plate, &c.
of more than Five Pounds value, if lost, stolen, or damaged,
unless entered as such, and the Insurance paid for ereord-
inTly, at the Saracen's Read Inn, Skinner-street, Sari* hi'l,
London.

At the Northumberland Quarter Sessions, the case of Rex
e. Cummings, proprietor of the Alnwick gas works, for a
nuisance occasioned by the making of gas in that town, was
determined, after a trial of nine hours, by the defendant being
found guilty. Judgment was deferred until the next Sessions.
In this case there were 33 witnesses examined ; and one of
them, a physician, gave his opinion that the effluvium of coal
gas was not unwholesome to breathe in. The preponderating
evidence was, however, on the other side, and stiffieient proof
was adduced of the uncomfortable effect produced by the smell
of the works.

A melancholy circumstance took place in Grimsby gaol on
Seturday morning. A man of the name of James Crowder,
brtrade • porter, who lately resided at Grimsby, and who had
aeon committed to prison fur using abusive language to the
magistrates acting at the last quarter sessions, before whom
be bad been brought, for leaving ehis wife and family charge-
able to theparish, was found with his throat cut. He had
committed the rash sat with a small penknife, sometime in the
night, and when found was quite deal. An inquest was h
on the body the same afternoon, before Mr. Fletcher. coroner
fol, the borough of Grimsby ; ♦erdict •• felo de se." The body
would therefore be buried privately sometime in the night.

(Concluded horn our Paper of resterday.)
Mr. Coegaunst rose. (Exressive applause.) "It was
impossible not to recollect the enthusiasm with which, at
the last Nleetior, the friends of Mr. Fox drank success to
the cause of Spanish liberty ; they then believed that the
diode of the tyrants of Europe to control and keep down
the principles of liberty in the Peninsula would be success-
less, and that they were not. sufficiently powerful to pre-, -•
vent the people of Spain from arranging their own internal
tights and political government —such was the increase of
liberal principles, that we then believed these tyrants had
met with an enemy fit end capable to oppose them, and
that freedom had seldom had selected the soil of Spain as
the Tot where she would show her noblest powers, and
her brightest glories. In these hones they had been dis ap-
pointed. The cause of freedom had been sadly unsuc-
cessful o and the warmest and sweetest anticipations had
been blighted and Itbsted.—(Cheers.) They had failed,
not becanse their end rgies were unequal to the task, hot
because.they Hart no material to work ul on. The Patriots
of Spain—great in their petrio•ism, and glorious in their
mental concembons—found oothing but an ignorant popu-
lation, swayed by a bigo:r : pricethnce, actaated by the
basest. talotivett.—(Load cited rs.) The immediate result
had been; • that the progiess of ninety,. op .& almost thst
progress of thoUght hail been stayed, :oaf hitroied la the'
Penitoula ; and th,d Spain is now nothing but the relic
and the monument of a gnliant few, who entleavocred to
achieve anti obtain freedoirt not fitted for her base and
miserable population.; We know that many brave and illus-
trious patriots had not been able to escape the fangs of the
tyrant. They had perished ! and among them the gallant,
the glorious, the spar ss, the murdered lii go!—(immense
Unerring ) But happy were they who had so perished=
happy ware they who could no longer brood over their
euuntiy's desolation ! Yet, alas ! there were hundreds
and thousands who were obliged to witnes,, not only the
destruction of their oat n country's liberties, bat the ruin
thrir own forton..s, anal the extinction of their families—
il.av'en bless them I /leaven !bless them in their political
misery—Heaven bless them in their political despair—in
tb-ir dungeons—in their cells—in their miseries—in their
sufferings--may they now feel that they have become mem-
bers of the great community of the friends of freedom in
every part of the. globe.- (Leda I Cheers.) In the glowing-
pages of history, every iheitlent of their lives would taus.'
the admiration of posterity, and their .leatbs would he
recorded with those of a Ilamptlen and a Sidney in another
Lan I, hut in the same canse.—(Cheer. ) Sou.e tha re are,
however, whom a mode. particular fate bail forowed, who
yet lived to wayless their :mints) 'a wronee, and to thirst
for 1413 day of tribulation.-;-pattiots who, believing tit
nothing hut the common feeling of freedom, among all
their br etiiren, had thrown themselt es, in spite f the
Alien Art. upon the geoerto,ity of the Itiitish people.—
They had dour this country the singular honour of select-
ing it as the place of their retreat,—names, that would
hereafter be the stars of history—the gall int and invinci-
ble Alina—the eloquent and philosophical Arguelles—the
prompt and determined Alava—with more than 600 self-
expatriated Spaniards, choosing ratio r liberty without all
the domestic anal local edoyments of their own country,
than any thing and every thing the tyrant had to bestow.
—(Loud Cheers.) Little prepared by their past lives for
toe bit•ernd ss of Poverty, or the contumely of dependance,
yet they preferred both, to the ignominy of political slavery ;
many au honoured Palo too, was among them—and it
woe to the glory of Albion, that her white cliffs were
sought by the, suns of freedom, as their seat, their safe-
guard, anal their sanctuaty.—((.heers.) Yet it was ;Aso-
lately heart-breaking to behold their miseries, their ruined
fortune s, their wretched families ; however, Britain, be
trusted, will enable them to visit their descendants in
South America, where they might kindle a new flame of
liberty, greatness, and glory. -(Loud Cheers.)
Let our support of them not be degraded by the name
of charity. When the Stuarts, by their arbitrary measures,
drove many of our patriots front their native land, they
stut:dit succour from the free states of the Continent, and
now the symp aliy of the Briti people would show that
they were not forgetful of their former obligations.—
(Citeers ) Though the tyrant of their country might
proscribe their namrs, cooliacate their property, condemn
their lives, and destroy their fatuities, I.e could not rub them
of that glory which a British people can always enjoy ;
this was entirely h-vond his le teli.—(Lond Cheers )
Upon these grounds I propose to drink—foe he .Iths of
Min a, Arguelles, Alava, and the other illuvrions Spaniards,
who it ivy sought protection in this couutry.—(Brank wills
3 times 3, anal Loud Cheers.)
Air —" Tyrolese Song of Liberty."
- -

Lori A. flastit,Tox, after a warm culugium, and ob-
tierving that it was a west astonishing circumstance that
such a man shoutl sit for a set of Scuts Burgh ;—pru-
koried—

" The health of Joseph Hume."
(Three tunes three, and deafening a,mliuse.)
Sir it. C. Fcancasom rose. (Lind entering). He ob-
served that they need not be afraid he was going to make
a long speech, at that late hour of the evening. Ile bal.
attended Mr. Hume fur two sessions. with a regularity
ahr.ost equal to Joseph Mine but he found, th.t
in the Committees hutli of them were so much veiled in
with such a load of Lords of the Treasury, and oilier
ministerial mettibere, that nothiui could he hoped Iv,.
They had oat-cored him upon every question, and lint
down a rule, that unle.s a special and particular case itf
borough-corruption could be brough• fore ard, they would
not listen to any thing. that :eight he said. He took them
upon their own ground, anti brought forwent two strong
cases, brit the Lords of the Trea.ury, the Hacks of itt.t
Mini•try, the very respectable member for this good city,
who attended even more closely than Mr. lime himself,
(loud lan titter). and who, like the r. st, conscientiously a.-;
tended, (excessive laughter), contrived to oat-rote them,
in every instance.—lt was then, and only then, that be
l(Sir Robert Fergusson) certainly said it would be telly to
go on. He went to the House, anti, perhaps, in sui unpre-
cedented manner, declared that the Committee Was a.
mockery ; that it was not to investigate, but to check in-
vestigation ; and that it Was an insult to the Beitish cont-
inue ty that such a palpable mockery should exist at all.—
(Loud cheers.)
Mr. T. 'fitostsow, Advocate, rose and said, there wan
one country that especially calling on the meeting, an
there was one man, in a degenerate age, who shone wit. 4
all the glory of genuine patriotism—he need not mentio-4
the name of Simon Bolivar—the Washington of Sown.
America. (Loud cheers). After a few observations upon
the present state of the Brazilian Hovernweitt, hr con-
cluded by proposing—
" The btalth of Bolivar, and the Liberty and Independ-
ence of South Ameris.a."
(Drank with three times three, and rapt' rons cheering.)
Tone—t• Hearts of risk."

Mr. L. HORN L rd, the toast I ans about to pr. -
pose, is p-coliarly connected with the porpoes of tt.e
present meeting'. The education of the lower order. (d
the people is the only ground upon which liberty CA'. h
reared, and furnishes the Lest bulwark by whiel) it e.. 111 h
supported, (Loud cheers). It might fairly he tittestiooedk

I

.
S
'Mt
4' 4

r,
7
~~y

~~

l.

it has been questiened,whether liberty ought to exist, with-
ont corresponding intellect; and for that reason the people
of Ireland, from their want of education. bad not been
thought fit to aterive liberty. The people of Scotland,
however, were allowed, on all bands, to be eminently in-
tellectual; and thouch not eflually celebrated with the
people of England for politica. excellence, were, certainly
able to enjoy it. The little band, miscalled our represen-
nstives,did so entirely misrepresent and belie the feelings of
the people of the country,that no mockery was ever greater,
more cruel, or more complete. (Cheers). The high-
minded, liberal, and spirited population of Caledonia were
now entitely excluded from any participation in the bene-
fit, of iegislation; lint he was well assured, that when
Scotland did get freedom, she would show herself no less
excellent in her political, than in her moral character.
(Cheers.) The toast lie meant to propose would call up the
kindred enthusiasm of the whole company. (Tremend-
ous, rapturous, and long-continued cheering.). lie con-
cluded by giving—
.' The health of Mr. Brougham, and the advancement of
edecation."—(Three times three.)
Mr. J. W. linounnast rose, and retnrned thanks in the
name of his brother. He could not help alluding
to these high hononrs which had been bestowed upon
his brother in Glasgow—honours which he must
ever remember with pride, and could never forget,
while lie continued to exist. (Loud cheers.) He

proposed—
" The City of Glasgow, and may its prosperity keep pace
with its Political Principles."
(Drank sith three times three, and immense cheering.)
Mr. Irony rose, and, with a few observations,
proposed—

" The Memory of Mr. Ricardo."
(Drank in solemn silence.)
Lord ARCHIBALD ifAMILTON rose and said—l have now
to propose to you a toast of the highest importance—a
FRRE PRlM—and may it be daily extended to the confines
of the earth, as a tenor to the Holy Alliance, and a safe-
guard to the rights of Man. (Loud cheering.) 1 am
happy to think,, that the value of a Free Press is not only
the palladium of liberty, but the very sine qua non of
freedom. (Lone! cheers.) There never was a time when
this truth was more prominent than the present. It is now
when the Holy Alliance have tried every means of con-
tracting the Liberty of the Free Press, that it ought to be
tolled and tlittnete-eel in their ears, as the knell of their
despotism, and the glorious handing of the freedom of
man. (Loud cheers.) The rancour with which the Free
Press has been persezuted, proved how much the tyrants
were afraid of it. They could not bear a Free Press, a
free discussion, or a flee enquiry. They could not bear
the light, because their deeds were evil. (Loud cheers )
They invatiahly attempted to control a Free Press,
where it did exist ; and where it did not exist
o take especial care that it should never appear.--
In consequence of their measure', their subjects could
rever he informed what their monarchs were doing. It
was only from the newspapers of this country they
gathered any information. It was impossible that such
a state of things could continue. The suppression of
the Press aimed a fundamental blow at the ground-
work of Liberty itself ; yet, what was the conduct
of this country under these circumstances ? When the
holy Alliance was attacking the Free Press of Europe,
our Government was truckling, in the basest and meanest
manner. We were viewing the Holy Alliance effecting the
whole of their objects : the invasion of Naples and Sardinia,
the Congress at Verona, the Speech of the French king,
and the attack npen Spain, all came before us : yet our ad-
ministration affected not to see the Practices of the Holy
Cor.spiratore, until the Rubicon was crossed. We suffered
Nsples to be seized, Verona to proclaim, Louis to speak,
ant yet, week after week, our equally wise and patriotic
Ministers told us Spain would not he invaded at all. Our
mini+•ers have been either elopes. or worse. (Loud cheers.)
The Liberty of the Press %v.'s the only safeguard which the
liable of Brita:n po,sessed against the further schemes of
the Holy Alliance, and was likely to constitute the greatest
terror to those crowned sroilers, while it conferred the
highest benefits upon this country. (Cheers.) It was,
however. to be lamented, that the Liberty of the Press was
to frequently connecteel with its licentiousness, anti this
city had, not long ago, seen a parr of the most infamous
nature, which was supported by the highest authorities,
and the greatest official characters of the country. (Cheers,
mid cries of shame.) For my fart, said his Lordship, I
do nor complain of the observations they have made upon
myself: I do not complain that they should have attacked
me, but they said they would prove every thing. They
said, that when it came to trial, they would prove all, and
more than what they had said, to be true: yet I dared them
to it, and what was the remit!? they skulked, and sneaked,
silely and tremblingly out of Court. (Immense cheering.)
It was evident that they meant nothing but ;political 'wind-
tie2. : yet I ask—Who were their supporters? I ask the
official characters of Scotism], who? I ask the judicial
officers, who ? (Continued cheering.) Yet, Gentlemen,
while we lament the licentiousness of the Press, it has
never ceased to support its Liberty; for as some poisons
are antidotes to others, so will the Liberty of the Press he
an effectual antidote to its licentiousness. (Cheers.) If
again I ehputd be attacked by the base hirelings of a
faction, I now know that the liheral Press of Scotland is
able to confute and correct all the calumnies that may be
uttered. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I am sorry to trespass so
long neon your time, hilt I conceive this toast ought to be,
and is, dearer to you, than any that can he drank. To
Scotland—to Britain—and to Man—nothing can be more
interesting than the Liberty of the Press. (Great cheering.)
We have far more cause to rejoice from the blessings we
have enjoyed front its liberty, than to regret from the evils
we have experienced of its licentiousness. Gentlemen, I
gire you—

" The Liberty of the Pregs."
(Three times three, with immense cheering.)

After a pause—.
The EDITOR OF TUC GLASGOW FREE PREIS roar and ,
said,that he was surprised and sorry that none of the lien-
tleinen connected with the liberal Press of Edinbur4i had
taken notice of that toast, under the peculiar circumstances
in which the Press was now placed. lie felt that he should
be omitting a duty, were he not to call the alention of the
Noblemen and Gentlemen, now present, to the efforts that
were now making to destroy this palladium of British
Liberty. (Cheers.) Though he highly disapproved of the
tenor and temper of Lord Byron's Vision of Judgment'
—the verdict that had been just obtained against its pub-
lisher, he was certain, would be used as an engine to de-
stroy the freedom of political discussion. A Society, self-
st led Constitutional, had dared to set themselves up as
judges of what ought, and what °sight not be published ;
and, in this instance, had affected to protect his present
;Majesty's feelings, and prosecute the Editor of the Ex-
aminer, when his Majesty's own servant, the Attorney-
General, neither conceived that his Majesty's feelings were
wounded, nor that Lis late Majesty's character needed a
legal defence. (Cheers.) If the liberal aristocracy of
Scot!and really thought the freedom of the Press was
worth preserving, they would come forward and form an
association to counteract the designs of this soi-dirent
Constitutional Soli ty—and his Lordship, who had seen
the venom of the licentious Press, would he the
first to preserve from destruction the Liberal Press.—
Cheers.)
Lord A. Hastrt.Tos rose, an I read a letter from Mr.
Mottle, M. P. which stated that the writer's health ince-
imitated hiM from attending the meeting—after which his
Lealth was drank.
Sir ItoNat.n Frew:sewr, M.P. rose to call far the
smogs of the Committee for the next meeting, which were

The Earl of R06L7,4 rose and said, though there were
