THE STAT

guing the case In?abr tiae Ictliishes to hear
his principal points of objection."
New 1441 W-414 T4ree I'oo4, Segurflem Pei.. 3.
"Tbe prisopet cannot b. leant :—nu objections to a
speaker'. warrant cao be taken into cousitleratiou.•'
LAS CASAS.

Bartholomew de Las Cases, Bishop of Chiapa, in
Mexico, was bora of a noble family in Seville, A. 0. 14439,
accordiug to some historians, ani in 1474. according
to others. At the age of nineteen he went to St. Do-
ming° with his father Antonio do Las Cases, who ac-:
leourpanied Christopher Culundins in his fint voyage tel
the New World. On his return to Spain, he adopted
the ecclesiastical profession and afterwaids entered into
the fraternity of Dominicans, in order to become a mis-1
eionary fur the conversion of the Indies'. In 1533. he
lived at the convent of St. Dominic, in the island of St.l
Domingo, where ho occupied himself in preaching the
gospel to the Indians, and humanity to their insatiable
and ferocious tyrants. The most faithful and impartial
historian of that period, Oviedo Valdes, a Spanish offi-
cer, who passed nearly all his life in America, informs
us that there was, in 1019, an insurrection of the Indians,
caused by a Spaniard having violated the wife of the
cicivpie Don Henry, who had embraced Christianity.
This cacique having in vain demanded justice on the
ravisher of his-wife, from Peter (le Vadillo, lieutenant of',
the Admiral Jacomes Columba , refired with his people
to the mountains of Kerirnko, from whence ha wide war
against the Spaniards for nearly fourteen years. liner
was established in 1533, and was principally the work of
the missionary Las
Previous to entering the order of Dominicans, he hail
presented Charles V. several memorials in favour of the
unhappy Indians. The otters he made for mitigating
their tate having been useless, he projected the founding
of a colony, on principles very different from those
which his countrymen practised. Ile obtained leave
from the Emperor to he sent to Carmine in the quality
ofilovernor. Having arrived at Porto Rico in the be-
ginning of 1519, with three hundred Castilian labour-
ers, a short time afterwards he went to Cumana, to
estahliah his colonists there. Convinced that his coun-
trymen most have been held in horror by the natives. he
invented the mode of distinguishing his colonists by a
particular dress, decorated it ith a white cross, in oraerl,
that they might not be confounded with other Spaniards.
To gain the affection of the natives, by acting according
to the benevolent spirit of the gospel, and respecting
their persons and properties, was the plan of Las l'a%a%,
and the worthy turn who accompanied him. Unfortu-
nately, a short time before his arrival at (*moans, some
Spanish pirate*, who bit* the name of Conquistadores,
hail made incursions on the roast of Trinidad, Venezu-
ela, and Cninana, from whence they carried off the In-
dians. whilst they bartered with and made feasts for
them. The Ingli•ns revenged themselves by extermi-
nating all the Spaniards whims they could seize. When
Las Cases arrived at Cummins with his followers, Gon-
zalo de Deauipir, who had been sent there by the Gover-
nor of St. Droning° in the rapacity of military com-
mander, refused to acknowledge his antimeity. La,
Cases, after having placed his turn in a fort snrrouuded
with palisades, went to St. Domingo, in order to iuforni
the Governor-general of the Indies of the conduct and
rebellion of Ocampo. That Oster caused the natives to
rise en maser by his exactions, treachery, and cruelties;
and, as they could not believe there were worthy awn
among the Spaniards, they attacked the companions of
1.11 Immo* well as the satellites of Demo% and mas-
sacred all those who were not able to save t-hesliselves
the antall island of ribagna.
There is an absurd accusation a WA, h... lung weighed
heavily on the memory of Las Cases, from the sole asset•
lion of iirrrars, who has written thr Ilistory of the dew
World, with =real talent, no doubt, hut with incorrect-
ness and partiality: he accuses 1.83 Casa, himself of
having advised the Spaniards to enter into the negro
slave-traile. in Order to substitute them far the Indians,
working the mine., kr. The Ex-Senator Gregoire, for-
merly Bishop of Hluis, has victoriously refuted this
cslun.nv, in a tract, entitled " An Apology fur 11.
de las 'Cases," in the fourth volome of the " Trans-
action, of the Class of Moral and Political Sciences
of the Institute." Like him, I have consulted all

itit• Spanish and Portngitese writers of that period,
its well As the English, who have written on cons-
serer, and it results from this examination, that the
accusers of the Bishop of Chiapa, flay eel, Dr Pone,
Bryan FAlwards, /cc., and even the ilinstnous Itiffiertson,
have all written on the faith of Ilerrera, or on that of
Father Charlevoix, who, whilst he wrote on the subject
of the Spanish colonies, merely traii.letes Herrera, with.,
out quoting him. Herrera wrote thirty years after the
death of Las I 'lssas, and he displas much enmity to that 1
great man. lie quotes uo politic net. no doemaent, is
favour of his accusation : not one of the writers who
were cotrinporaries of bas ('alas sail a want of Ifs
though ninny of them were leis enemies, and had rode*.
voured to render him odious and contemptible.
In short, there exist of Las Cases, in the library at
Mexico, three volumes of manuscripts in folio, of width
there is a copy in the library of the Academy of Madrid.
These are his memoirs, his official and familiar letters
mud other political and theological works. Su far from'
Waling, iu all those weitings, (word from whence it
might be inferred that he had recommended the slavery
of the segroes to be substituted for that of the Indians,
it is teen that, in three or flow places where he had men-
tion to mention the oven) stares, he conitnisserated their
sufferisiFs, as he dill those of the Indians.
Las Lasas was a t heologian, publicist, and distin*uish-
ed historian ; be has been accused of exaggeration in
the recitals he made of the crimes committed by the con-
querors of the New World. The Ahhe Clavigenr, at the
tatetof the second volume of his " iiistiory of Mexleo,*
Mews to be astonished t!...e unreserved credit is given
loth, relation of Les ('asses; and yet he did not altitain
Sins retracing, throughout his whole history, the cruel-
ties and injustice of Cortes, Alraredo, and the other
Spanish chiefs. lie represents Mexico, Tlascala, and
the neighbouring States, as very populous at the time of
the conquest. Clavigere agrees on this point with
Cortes, who wrote to Charles V. that lie had stilljected
to his arms, and united to his Crown, States store popu-
less, and larger cities, than his States and cities itaSpsin. '
I which has reused the learned and judicious I' t i:arli
to say, in his " American Letters," that nothing more
fully proves the fidelity of Las ('sea's recitals, than those '
to( Lams, the other Spanish commanilers, and et Mei-
; pro I' self; since the indigenous population sas re-
duced to suili a small number of individuals fifit years
after the conquest, that it is &latest extinct is the An-
cilia.
leas Casas, after having passed fifty years in the-tVew
World, and t red the ocean twelie or thirteen times,
to plead the cause of the Indians in Spain, reemmeed
his bishopric, and returned, in 1531, to his native coun-
try, where he died, after having immortalised himself
by his beneficence, and the practice of every virtue.
The bishop's descendant, Count Emmanuel de Las
Cams, already well known to the British public, is every
way worthy of his glorious ancestor, whether viewed is
the sonialair privacy of domestic life, or in tht more dis-
Anguished. sphere of polities and literature. If say inf. 1
femme of opinion can exist, as to the polieradnplaik y'
the Miaisters of Regime, towards Napo re the tg.
noutianns treatment our once formidable has pi.
prifitmed from these is whose power hit ' . f
whyo,tito Ingot of imlsturtuot arrived, se ja.

in the heroic contour." which has uniformly
iodated' Ore Count's entitles towUds his fallen muter.
711 linfeitial of ear own ditp, and future biettifiewt,
will twesird. to the untadieg honeur bf this truly vino
out man, that, living in a period of alumilt unprecedented
polls al prniigagy. when disiiiirrestedneet and con-
sistency in Statesmen bad tearly Ceased to be oeseirkred
as virtues..Ceitio de Los Citims.was amongst the solitary
few who redeemed the degraded character of the times.
by his unshaken attitehineet to the Sovereign wham he
bad acittiottlAged from principle. and which, instead
of diminishing, adversity only tended to increase.

FURTH RR PARTICULARS of Me CATO-STRERT
ASSASSINS.

•
Preston was apprehended on a charge of bigh treason
yesterday afternoon (while our Paper was in the press),ln
consequence of further information having been received
that be was more deeply implicated in the conspiracy than
appeared at the first search of his apartments, the account
of which we gave yesterday. As to his lodgings, a snore
wretched hole comsat be oonteeived. In a smell vomit up
a narrow winding stair, the waifs almost black with filth,
the windows broken anal stuNed with rags, with an old
three-legged table, three or four broken chairs, and a
block or two of wood, which occasionally serve the pur-
pose of chairs, the orator Was found surrounded by his
eve daughters. He seemed to feel much indignation at
this second interruption : his daughters, too, were very
liberal in their abuse of the officers, and cried out to
their tither as he leg the house, " Never mint', father ;
whatever heroines of you, we will all die in the same
principles." These wretched young women all lire to-
gether in the same room with their father; they arc nsi-
serahly clutheil, appear half famished, and have no other
sleeping accommodation than two or three ragged labia-
kets soil a sheet, in which they roll themselves and sleep
upon the door. The officers brought. away with thew
two tin pots, the one painted red, and the other black,
which, in the recent processions, were used as caps of
liberty; and a block of wood bored with holes in the
same wanner as the inside of a soldier's cartouch box.

Being %relight to the Office, he underwent a short
examination. He conducted himself in a similar usanner
its when he was in cu.ttNly upon farmer occasions,
making use for the :amid part of violent language, prin-
cipally direcend against Lord Sidmouth. lie had the
folly and wickedness to say, that the tragedy was only
now heginning.—He was detained in custody.
While lie was under charge of an officer, at a neigh-
bouring tavern, among other things, he said, " Well,
here l ant, as calm awl quiet as a king. I knew they
could not finish this farce without me, and so I waited
at home all the week, in expectation of being sent for."
Antler Thistlewomi is ra►tutssitted uu charges of high
treason and murder.

John Thomas Brunt is committed fur high treason
only.
Those of the Cato-street gang of assassins who were
committed for the murder ..f the unfortunate Magian/re
mile, are James ling., Jame. Wilson, Richard Brad-
buin, Janos tiilchrist, Charles Cooper, Richard Jolla
Monument, John Shaw, and William Davidson.
The other prisoners who have been apprehended un
charges of being concerned with the Cato-street gang of
ay-massage, and on charge. of high treason connected
with the conduct of the gang, are committed to Tuthill-
Gelds liridewell.
The Cabitiet Counsel sat yesterday upon the subjeet
at twelve o'cloek, at the Secretary of States Our. for
Nor iI.
6rtuseist, bat isuattif thy in car-
tidy. airt the witammil. wet* • nig
Coattail hro spp anon after oar n'clatit..
Information hating been reeele%l by his Majesty's
Goveranwnr, from which it appeared thiit a mass isanittil
Pane or Peeling was deeply implicated Iti the late con-
spirary, a placard was putted to all parts of the City,
describes% his person, and offering a reward of ea
;mitosis Ibr his apprehension. Yesterday evening word
was broaght to the Office by 3 wan, that he was con-
realeri in a house, No. 7, in a court in Battle-bridge,
tiraylsinn-lane. Mr. Itirnie, in cutowynence, issued
his warrant, and dispatched Jeffrey and TIP UK, toe of
the pstrole, to search the house. (to their arrival there
they found tit, places mere hovel. They knatimtl at
the door, and Isere answered, hut refaced toinsittaare
but on the patrole saying they would brraii open the
door, it was at length opened. This parley occupied
about tier minutes, anal on the patrole entering, they
proreeded to search the !loose, briug well armed with
cutlasses, Ise. but they could not find Patin alias Peel- ,
ing, and it is supposed, if he was in the house, he took
the alarm on their first knocking at the door, and '1
escaped from the back premises through St. Chad's-
wells. The patrols found in the house three men and
one woman in one room, and only one bed in it. One
of the turn was in the hell, who said he was unwell; the ,
parole suspected him to he one of the Cato-street gang
of assassins, and that he was in bed in consequence of '
the bruises he had received, they therefore matte him
get up, when hr was found to have all his clothes on ex-
cept his shoes. 'rile,. stripped him, but he had nu
bruises. The other two men were melting lead in a
frviag-pan. One of the men lived at that place' the
others iu M th street and Itrownlow-street. They
were all three brought to the Office and ouidetwent an
examination before Mr. Bluth., when there being no
charge against them, and they not being insiawn, they
were discharged.
Maimatimit-lat-synarr.—R. Baker, Rug. the Chief
Magistrate of this Olke, was employed the greater part
of yesterday in ,aklng depositions relative to the persons
concerned in the late diabolical proceedings in Cate-
street, but the whole was private.

LAW INTELLIGENCE'.
+Ol.-
CONSISTORY COURT.

DlTionct NotTOIT Nay.
Dr. I,csnisnrox in this case observed, that a Mr.
William bland, a surgeon, as, shout the year ISt!,
transported to Botany Bar, in consequence of lasing
been unfortunately engaged in a duel in this comm:.
At Botany liar he contracted a marriage with the daugh-
ter of an V.ngiish free settler, and she shortly afterwards
committed adultery. An action was then brought by
this gentleman in the tinpreme Conn of Botany Bay,
and he gained, as plaintiff, a verdict of 2,01N11. damages.
'rhe time of air. Brand's transportation hat leg mew as-
pired, he wished to proceed for a divorce ; but these
difficulties occurred—there was no other Court in Bo-
tany Hey to which he °saki appeal; and although there
was a Supreme Court in the Fast Indies, it huff tool a
criminal jurisdiction. The Learned Counsel prate
to say, that he had onside every hostelry, but hi isle, as
to proceeding* is a similar case; no siesilu ease weld
he find; but it was laid down is all the books of
authority, as a 'emend principle, that the Ilial~o~ td,
London had jurisdiction over all the colonies. Nei.
withstanding that he had amide every marsh. Is lima&
sense of any prooodests, to had oat epos what pri
thin oboorvattott at the law-hosits was beedod, he it/
not as yet immobile to tree* its origin. There sea
only two gam Wu he COlllll site a the (*in one was
th4he( Wag ft. littemeit„ otherwise Teadwojtor, which
wean MOW magthp br ramo of i•Porm
I a oho Awl.% Tatersbe• as 41' the past'
sf su marcwibo‘frieide, n•••••., mkt
alas to sere it fiend that be bad Wasdi.lita bums ia
4.
