potf.k tiF moms.

Mr. ABERCR.OM M: presented a Petition from
the Earl of Fife, against the. Bill- now pending for.
preventing the floating of timber down river?, by
which the bridges are damaged. It stated that the
Petitioner was proprietor of a forest twenty miles .its
extent, situated on the river Dee, which was so shill..
loiv, or so rapid when avoin by the floods, as not
to admit of rafts, an the present. Bill, by ragniring .•
the timber, which was chiefly employed in building
ships, to be carried to the sea-ports in this manner,
would. almost entirely destroy the value 01 the pro.
perty.—Qrdered to lie on the table.
Mr. CREEVEY rose to glee notice, that ta-mor..
row (Thursday) sennight, .be should bring forward
motion relative to some late proceedings in the King's
Bench, in which he was personally concerned, and:
which he copoived to be a breach of the piiviteges.of
the hiotise
Lord Df:SART brought up the Bill for appointing
Supesrvisors of the Irish llmids Made or repaired by

7.lupervisora cii um arum 1WR1.13 1111.1lle ur tepairell Oy
Presentment of a Grand Joy. .
The Committee for •the farther consideration of the'
.., ,
Supply was tippOinted for Midas! next.
. •
.Mr. ROSE mord, that tlic.4hio;ownee Rill •01)a • • - T.)(1!
referred. to a .Committee of the Whole aquae. 4 ,
Mr. Serjeant ONiLOW 6pliesed the' Speaker - : C
leaving the Chair, and contended ' that- the Rai was'.
highly injurious both to individuals, and to the Ship. ,
.
ping interest in general. • . , it 1
•Mr. ROSE defended the4litovislons of the Rill.at
considerable length, which Wl* 'were' het' the first,
instance of a departure from. Aist geiiettalf ileinciprii, ,'
laid down by the Learned. Simileititi, and he "bitt. li,l-
heard of no complaiqt made' by „lip? Ship-Di/44 .
~
against its • • • r
"rhe ATTORNEY-GENERitClitek&egailisf the,
measure. ,He stated that the ShipaiWiteki 'eve veY
rev ponstbhl, b !se.4lvaits noir 'staidit, fntiyeuNia,
done to other ftleiettri:difattig tient ' utilitaiVll.64 . .
citlettt,, irsk iltabirikV igittit .aleglige* iO:
~.. :
.7":. .q. ' '..,.' i - ' i t
i5ta6%...,,m.•• .....orittimik. . • . .
in, 37.71•V_Fit:t..
. .
.. • .
.. . .
•

1

kl
i ,

o~ ~

r
>a

-

~'/

illuia= ,-"r•ir..--,--b•----'----
Mr. BA ill Nti thoeght the regulations of the Bill Sul joined is the relation which
were not of such reatt•rial consequence as some Geo.. the battle of the 2d, In the. Berlin
Helmets seemed to imagine. A 'Courier front Count Stackelr
Sir M. W. Ridley, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Shaw, dor from Rossia at Vienna, to V,
and Mr. Herbert, of Kerry, were in favour of the rode, Secretary of State, accompc
Bill. ror of Russia at Dresden, has been
It was then committed, and the further considera. have also several Estarettes
tion of it (at the suggestion of the Attorney-General) Prague. ' '
postponed till this day fortnight.
On the motion of Mr. R. WARD, the consiclera. : .. PARTS, MAY IS.—Her Mai
Hon of the Ordnance Estimates was postponed to this • Queen and Regent has received
day se'nnight. igence of the situation of the armies on the evening
nu, third reeding of the Admiralty Registrar's of the 12th of May v-- •
Bill was, on the motion of Mr. H. MARTIN, put 44 On the itith, at ten in the morning the Imperial
off till Tuesday next. Guard were under arms in order of battle, on the
The Report of the Committee on the Contested road from Perna to Gross Garten. The Emperor
Election Bill was taken into farther consideration, reviewed them. The King of Saxony, who palmed
agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be read sa third the night at Secilitz, arrived at noon. The two So-
time on Friday next ; to which clay the Committee ••. vereigns dismounted from their horses, embraced,
on Election Suits' Bill was postponed. and then entered Dresdelk,aC the head of the Guard,
The Reports of the several Committees upon the amidst the acclamations of an immense population.
follow rag Irish Bills were received, namely, the It formed a very fine spectacle. •
Hides Bill, the Assed Taxes Bill, the Postage and j 66 At three the Emperor reviewed the division of
Tobacco Bills. The two former were ordered for cavalry of General Fresia, consisting of '3OOO horse,
a third reading to-morrow, and the latter for Friday. from Italy.
The farther consideration of the Report upon the " His Majesty is highly satisfied with this
Deputy R.nnembrancer of the Exchequer's Bill was cavalry, the good order of which is owingoritaty,
to the
postponed till Tuesday. : care and activity of the Minister at War f
The co:nmittil of the Irish Schools Bill was fixed Fontanelli, who has spared nothing to place it in a
f..r Fridt v. - good state.
The Militia Laws Amendment Bill went through ' 64 The Emperor has ordered the •Viceroy to pro.
a C4,mmittee.--LReport to-morrow. teed to Milan upon a special mission.
Tie Irish Arm: Bill was read a second time, and • 66 His Majesty is highly satisfied with the conduct
ordered to be committed to-morrow, to which day of this Prime dining the whole campaign, which Ws
the House adjourned. . acquired for him a new title to the confidence of the
Emperor." - • .

FRENCH PAPERS.

PAM% MAY 16.—Her Majesty the Empress
(2.14.11 and Regent received the following news re-
spectiag the situation of the army on the evening of
the loth :

PROCLAMATION OF TIIC EMPEROR TO TRII
ARMY.
" Sorminsi—T am content with you,. you have
fulfilled my expectations, you have supplied every
thing by your goodwill and your -bravery. You
have, on the celebrated day of the 2d of May de•
_ _

--
" On the 9th, Colonel Lasalle, Director of the tented and put to the route the Russian and Prussian
Bridges, began to order rafts to be placed for the army, commanded by the Emperor Alexander and
bridge which k erecting at the village of Prielnitz.— the King of Prussia. You have added a new lustre
A temporary bridge has been established. Three to the glory of my eagles. You have shown every
hundred Volti-eurs were dispatched to the right thing of which French blood is capable.
bank, under thee protection of 20 pieces of cannon i 's The battle of Lutzen will be placed above the.
placed on an eminence. 1 battles of Austerlitz, of Jena, of Friedland, and of
" At ten o'clock in the morning the enemy ad. Moskwa.
ranted to drive back these tirailleurs into the water. i 44 In•the past campaign the enemy found no re..
Ile thought that a battery of 12 guns would he suf- fuge against our arms but in following the ferocious
ficieut to silenci. ours ; the cannonade commenced— method of his barbarous ancestors; armies of Tar..
the enemy's pieces were dismounted ; those bate- tars burnt his fields, his towns,, the holy Moscow it.
lions whom he ordered to advance as riflemen were self. Now they arrive in our own .countries, pre-
crushed under our grnpe shot ; the Edyeror re-' ceded by all that Germany, Fiance,- and Italy have
paired to the spot; General 111131110 i placed himself !of bad subjects, and deserters, to preach revolt,
with General Dmiux and 18 pieces of light artil- anarchy, civil war, and murder. They are, in fact,..
I:ry on the left of the village of Prielnitz, a position i the apostles of all crimes. It is a moral fire which
which flanks the whole of the plain of the right bank ; i they would light up between the Vistula cad the
General Drouet repaired with 16 pieces to the right; 'Rhine, in order, according to the custom of despotic
the enemy brought forward 40 pieces of cannon; , Governments, to place deserts between us and
we had about 80 in the battery. iii the mean time a - them. Fools ! They know little of the attach.
trench (boyuir) was dug in the right bank in the i Merit to their Sovereigns, the wisdom, the spirit of
form of a tete-de-pont under which our tirailleurs order, and the good smite of the Germans; they
were sheltered. After having from 12 to 15 pieces 1 know little of the power and the bravery of the
dismounted, and losing from 1500 to 1800 killed or'. French. •
wounded, the enemy learnt the folly of his under- "In a single day you have deranged all these pa.
taking, and withdrew at three o'clock, in the after. : ricidal conspiracies. We will drive back these Tar.
noon. The .operations of the bridges were carried : tars to their frightful climates, who deserve not to
on during the whole night ; but the Elie became i be free.
swelled ; several anchors were dragged ; and the Let them remain in their icy deserts, the residence
bridge will only be finished this evening. of slavery, of barbarism, and corruption, where
'• This day, the 10th, the Emperor caused the man is reduced to the level uf the brute. You have
Division of Charpentier to enter the new town, I'y : deserved well of civilized Europe.
availing themselves of the bridge of Dresden. •That ; " Soldiers ! Italy, France, and Germany render
bridge is this evening re-established, ;and the whole ' you thanks.
army is passing it to repair to the right bank. It ap- i " From our Imperial Camp of Lutzen, May 3,
pears that the enemy is withdrawing on the Oder. 1813.
" The Prince of Moskwa is at %Vittenberg,
General l.auriston is at Torgau, and General Reg-
'tier has resumed the command of the 7th corps,
composed of the Saxon contingent, and the Division
rhrutte.

(Signed) " NAPOLEON."

[The Extract from the Berlin Gazette has been at-
ready published.l

• JEN, Mai 10.
EXTRACTS PROM liNTER.CRPTED LETTERS.
a. I. swamis To sr. ton wadi., canto on vie elms OP
avamonnat.snow aonasoli. '
The begiealag of last week sethingsbas talked of bat oleo.
ries. Even'the Emperor Alexander and die la* of 'Prank,
who reamed here on Wedoesday, the 4th last. asserted the want
of the victory between Lawn and Webleeds, wblebassertlos
was flatly asetnidleted by, the retreat of the Russians, which
teek=att the same moment. I have also t 6 observe to you,
that Gaersdorf has already returned, and that the King
Ivellellatibbibly be long *hint. We are nssorod that the gar-
; *on et Tins* already' mamba with the (band Army.
• RELATION OF THE RETREAT.
The Bth and Oth of Mny were very remarkable
'days for the inhabitants of Dresden.
Some days previoui we could collect, that the Al.
lied Army was retreating, because we witnessed the
arrival of bavgave, of the park of artillery, 'and
Iminy Prussian and Russian Generals, with some
troops, who returned t 6 Pegau : but in the night of ;
the 7th, all doubt was removed, of the retreat of the !
Combined Forces.; .and. on the morning of the Bth,
!the troops were hastily retiring to the right bahk. of
the Elbe. By four in the morning of that day,: the
Emperor Alexander had retired to the right baalcd
and about nine was followed by the King of Prussia.
At last, about 10 o'clock, when. the Allied Army
had crossed the Elbe, the bridge was burned, by
which means all communication was interrupted. • I
Most of the Russian troops passed the Elbe by the
bridges established above and below the city.
We are alAured that a considerable part of the
troops, particularly the corps of General Blucher,
was to pan at the FAhe at Meissen.
About 11 o'clock in the forenoon the French Iles-
, cars entered Dresden, accompanied by many other
rtroops, who pursued the Russians to the points where
°. they crossed the Elbe. The Russians defended the I
Mies-de-pont erected on its banks ; there was a good
deal of cannonading and fire of musketry: but the
'Russians having all crossed the Elbe by mid-day, set i
fire to the bridges, which were seen floating down
the river on fire, and continued to fleet down in that'
State as far as the great bridge.
The boats of which this bridge . was constructed
,lelonged to different owners, as there were about 20
boats, you may judge of the loss which the owners
have suffered.
The combined armies having wholly passed the
Elbe, the cannonade and fire of musketry were kept
up on the two banks during the whole of the' Sth.
After dinner, the Emperor Napoleon eatered
Dresden with his army, accompanied by the Vice-
roy of Italy, a number of Marshals, Berthier and
Macdonald. He is lodged in the same palace which
be formerly occupied. During the night, and neat
day, the necessary preparations were made for esta-
blishing a bridge over the Elbe. The Russians en-
deavoured to oppose this, and did not cease firing on
the left bank both with cannon and musketry. They
had placed a cannon at the bridge, and occupied the
houses adjoining the Elbe, from whence they direct-
ed their fire, to which the. French did not cease re-
plying, so that there was a continued engagement,
which lasted from four in the morning to eight in the
evening. Two inhabitants of this city were killed,
and between 30 and 40 wounded.
A number of balls fell on the houses, and in the
streets, but (lid no damage. Thus she inhabitants of
Dresden spent this day in fear and alarm. Scarcely
had we reposed a few hours, when at one in the
morning of the 10th, the cannonade And fire of mus-
ketry recommenced, and lasted till four o'clock.—
The Russians quitted the New Town, and a French
garrison was immediately placed there. Probably,
the new bridge of boats will be forthwith re-
established.

" The 4th, 6th, 11th, and 12th corps, will pass I,•se THE•NAME OP THE EMPEROR, THE. EMPRESS QUEEN
by the bridge of Dresden to-morrow, at break of ; AND REGENT TO THE BISHOP OF *•* ".
day. The New and Old Guards are round Dres- ! " Monsteun,—The victory iained in the Plains
den. The second division of the Guards, corn- !of Lutzen by his Majesty the Emperor and King,
mantled by General Bailors, arrives to day at Al- , ought to be considered as a special act of the avitte
tenburg. . ! protection. We desire yon that on receipt of this,
" Tne King of Saxony, who had gone towards you will concert with those whom it concerns,'
to
Prato.. to he nearer his capital, will bat Dresden cause a Te Deans to be sung, and to offer thanks to
5e215,336.440
in the course of to-morrow. The Emperor sent an the God of armies Ind .you will add such prayers 94,467,284
escort of SK) men of his Guards, with his Aid-de- 2,076,269
as you may judge'the most suitable for obtaining the.
_Canip General Flahuat, to receive and accompaily Divine
protection of our arms, and especially for 56241,879,987
him. the preservation of the sacred person of his Majesty 11,081.779
" Two thousand of the enemy's cavalry have been the Emperor and Kit our d sand S ig, ear. . use ore. 1,412,845
cot riii from the Elite, as well as a great quantity of 1
s
reign whom God preserve from all danger! His 111,109
baggage, 'paroles of light troops and Cossacks. It -
preservation is as necessary for the prosperity of the;
app..ars that they have taken refuge in Bohemia." ; Empire, as for the 'good of Europe and Religion, I Total - £9.34.632,39f
which he Lae resolved,- and ''
wisitis. he 4.. called sy,l , Thiene% to be. exp6nded for the reduction of the..
PA nis, MVi 17.—Her Majesty mpress
• the E 1 ISTatieinal Debt, in
,the ensuing quarter, in 4,074,1561.
secure. He is itti most sincere and true protector.
Queen a:.l Regent has received the fallowing intelli- 66 This letter being written with no other view, i is. Did.
vice of the situation of the Armies en the evening '
we pray God that he may have you, Monsieue,.in I It is reported in letters from the continent, that
of the 11th of May : Connt GGTTORP had an interview with BONAPARTE
• his holy keeping.
" The Viceroy was with the 11th corp: at Bis- . se Given at our imperial Palace of St. Clouds at Frankfort, on to the
the subject of his claims
cholfswerda ; General Bet trawl with the 4th corps at : the 11th May, 1013: Swedish Throne. t
Ktettigibruck ; the Duke of Regusa, with the Gth ; (Signr,i) " MARIE I.OUIsE. Letters from Constantinople, of the 2il ult. men-
corps, at Reiclienbach •; the. Duke of R.•rio et 1 "8/ she Emi".'"i Regent, the Minister of Stair, heeretapt tier
-on that the GRAND Setneloa is prudently applying. i
i a the Reonry• • the leisure which petite with Russia has afforded him,
Dresden ; the Young and Old Guards at Drestbm : (Signed) " DUKE de CADORF:.'
" The Prince of Moskwa entered Torgau on the' .. - . in terminating the civil disturbances which have
.89 i
morning of the 11th, and took- a 'position on the . VIENNA, MAY 5.--The Field Marshal, Prince of , long weakened the Turkish Empire. His troops
p
right bank, a day's march from that plate. General Sehwartzenberg, who arrived here oe the ed, goes i have chastised and reduced several rebellions alcthas
Liuriston arrived the same day at Torpu with his immediately to Bohemia to take the command of alio the East; amongst others MULL s, Pacha of itrid-
corps at three io the afternoon. • . Corps d'Annce. i-din, who has frequently been in epee rebellion
" The Duke of Beltuno, with the 2d corps, is • Lieutenant-General_ Baron de Hiller has been ap- against the Porte, and was the great protector of the
marching on IVittenlier4; as is also the corps of Ca; pointed, it is said, Commandant of a Corps if Armee, ; Servians; atiother Turkish Chief, named It 4Mti PA-
'airy of General Sebastiani. • :., which is to assemble in Upper Austria. I VIA' who had been some • time prisoner in Russia,
''The corps of Cavalry, commanded by General The regiments of the Archduke Charles, Helsel' was, en the 27th March, strangled at Bacluirest,,
passed over the bridge of Dies- and Illohenlohe dragoons, have received ordevs to with 17 persons of his suite, on his return from cap-
.at three in the Afternoon. . . joist the Corps d'.4ranee which is in Stria, end the i tivity, on sospiefon of being a partizan of Russia.—
if Saxony is at Sedlitz. Ali tie head-twirlers of which is at Pettaw. i Count ANpaeossv it said to be exerting all his influ.
:ere to unite on the 13th at Dresden. The town of Gems, in the county of Oeden. :mice at the Porte, to pirsuade the Divan to break the
. has taken the command of the 7411 hoergli, which these two regiments are to quit, is peace, ceneluded withAnssia. _ He had distributed
,egee—this corps is composed of. two &signed for the depots and place warm" oe she'd much money among the Met of the Council,
Consisting of 12,000 men. corps•of observation. in Styria. . - . imitl made large presents to the .ANA SEIGNIOR*
passed the whole day on the bridge . Magesigies are to be established at Raab and Rad- l The Atelier:a -
defile. kersbourg. . • `Vera Cruz.
'of Etigineere Bernard, Aid•de- LEIPSIO, MAT 6.—:Our City premeds the appear-•,t6
Emperor, is actively employed in the a nce of a great cony. We still egsdataays divisions.
bridge of = Dresilen. Besides the Prince of Moskoof weihrrobere a great
!twilit, Commandant in Chief of the .notsib.cof:thilifiralit; amongst spelseitoGeneral Reg.
traced the works wkicb ere to cover. tilers .dear, by .ms. lain Miles t• the Saxons; Gene.
and serve as a. tate.k.pont." . ' Isis Comets Msrebaad, Seam illemd) Otlogii
.•. .. s

NATIONAL DEBT.
An Account of the Reduction of the National
Debt, from tits Ist August, 178 G, to the Ist May,
1813.
Redeemed by the Sinking Fund -
Transferred by L tul Tax redeemed -
Ditto by Life Annuities purchased • -
On Aceonnt of Great Britain .
Ditto of Ireland - -
Ditto of Imperinl Loan - -
Ditto of Loan to Portugal -
Ditto of Loaa to the East India Cotnpany

nig
t intef of the
under
n Reisgulhert:o
of I";:athiggiligertoPerom:V.t°°i°lllll4lllgthilne rinittiltedgth
rouse!, and plated the whole of the Salem
battleman atThiaLutzenfarma, sand", attt,th.k
will operate in like manner upon other P dna
were wavering, and only wafting to sae the atm-
menceinent of the campaign. There has not been
any battle of importance anal the 211 hitt. bit ..,eras
s is which the
ei rot nChs'hcel: iamretbilloidadt:ahnatav;lllisamiPkeealtboutilill
writerS in the pay of Government may hod as with..
abuse for uttering the truth, we shall sattledetermd
from publishing oar opinioni sad such facia as ease
to our knowledge.—We are as well aware of the eta-
sequences,that mast result to England from the suc-
cess of Illowariwre in thistantestas any of oar Co.
temporaries ; .bet instead of mishicilup tftria
by prOMoting thoi.clreigatioa. et fabeltends,. awl
thereby encrease the danger and dificalthak we ate
fully persuaded it is our duty, asionest lannalists,to•
publish the truth, however painful it may tiey.and point
out the dangers by which this country is Sarlittleded-
We are vertu sensible of the arduous task Imposed
upoi us, and the unpopularity of foreboding evils to
0 own country; but having for some time pestwit
nessed a regular and organised system of framtand
delusion practised upon a suffering and credulous
people, we feel it incumbent upon us to use our
utmost efforts to disperse the clouds of prejudice and.
error, by which it is attempted to surround
The expectations which have been so industriously'
excited since the termination of the last campaign, of
a general coalition amongst the Posents of the
North against France, have in a greet measure sub.
sided ;—such expectations it is now,ssident ought
never to -ye been entertained. • .
The different Northern States hare theiviiews di.
rected towards different and contending • objects of
national policy—their in!ocests are io many respects
hostile to each other, and in such circumstances, to
bring about any thing like a steady and zealous to.
operation to the attainment of.one common end—
must have required the exertion of talents of an order
widely 'different from those which the British Cabicet
at present contains. We never did, or could enter-
gala any hopes that such a union would be product('
amongst these rival powers—as many wasps, a ne.,n e
believe, the majority of persons in this country at
one time anticipated ; whether the difficulty of the
enterprise was considered, or the feebleness and ha.
beeility of those by whom it was to. be under-
taken, the attempt appeared equally hopeleis.—
On the delusion which has been played off against.
the understanding of the people of England, with
nearly the same success, is the opinion instilled sties
so much diligence, day after day', into • their !!finds,
that the population in all the German States was ripe
for insurrection—that a standard of resistance to
France had only to be reared, and myriads of men,
glowing with the ardent feeliiits of patriotism and
independence, would crowd around it, and, like a
mighty and resbtless torrent, Sweep away French ty-,
runny from the earth. This expectation was quite as
unreasonable as the former, and has been as oompletely
disappointed—there is not the Least symptom of any
such enthusiasm, it was unnatural that there should.
The expectation of such an gloat on the part of the
people, prevailed only because we either aid not
know, or did not sufficiently consider,
the situation-
of the people. . Accustomed to -tha despotism of
feudal institutions, inured to the.aspect-of tyranny,
how could we expeetiVesa *a such dtiotioo to the
cause of freedom ?.•, Ceitd tiff consider' it as the
cause of ireedisa, Was It Air ib awe merely the
cause of One deePutbascontollingoguinst efother ?
ThirreOfteffni dalidation reepocting 'flambeigh
fisted,
againoind
it ispeaseselleato
be bopedof the,
th.eFreizishei, aleifiitt retain
possession of that City until an mica* 'arrange-
ment can take place, for we see. no.. prospect of the
inhabitants defending the:melees; dof same time
we apprehend there must. be an understanding be-
tween France and Denmark on this subject. -The
following extract of i fetter gives a Most heart-rend-
ing descriptions of "the situtejou of Ilansburgh and
its vicinity
Tueria,y, the 11th inst. I arived Item Dodge OF absence
things have altered greatly. The Yreach. in gresiferce. have
compelled the Rinaians to rectos the Elbe. anal 'Oen pos+e
start of Luneburg, Harborg, Cuxhaven, mid the, rkm., of the
left bank of the Elbe. Cuxhaven was evacuated hy die Beituh
Without tiring &Mot. DAVOUT had several timestricd b cans
the Elbe. tuft had been rotialsed chicly through lit etertions
of the volunteers. Rassians were too Wm- to be. able
to operate. wish erect. Their corps mulct mato( lien en•
vadry, whirls vas do bet little arab* were ftgatirtiwopt. The
King or Dist' aaa had repeatedly. declared tell* laws of Hain:
burgh his mettle resoled.. to support them; and, to referee shit
assoure, be has ordered eiklit thousand are to be coacesstrated
mesh Iliusburgitt he aimed this to be gleaned to Mk
last PfeY. eatrreri.
ettettai the •
- istard4lithe
loss Wi ht
sem& Waal d
nee
Was rather
ea as
ogo arrival

I , Latour Maubourg,
• . den, on the 11th, .;
" The King of
:axon cavalry were
t• Geouralltegnier ht
corps at Torgau—
Saxon divisions, CO
64 Ifui Majesly 1.
to we the t root)* de
" The Colonel
Camp to the Empe
reparation of the t
66 General ltng►
ogjneers, has tra
the, uew towns out

.. . ,
. .
„ ..
. • . .
. • .
•. • ,
• •
. . . , ,
• 'l4l I g STA,rII,P.- ;WAN. ~ . .
. .. .- . ,
.. , -
ell hes been titeeeS of ArlitOt Derfilit UreYm;Cbmintnneg, Jo 4dif Olt itrf. ' .'"
*(2,' 4.116.' -- : 'ax .)- iis 11.11
'lin Gazelle. - .'• . sofitmter. . ' _i_ 0 , . ii.d.=
# • - 4,, t, '
411.4, mi.Arnltspi, - A trwltiin, MAt. 11,...The .Vieetti piliteele ' ...• •
•• • •—•, .... .•• ~. .
..
.
the Count d* nisei.' Oitfir laspitlsot to two the porport of r •, Aseigoooo Day._gahros • ilo, iLim„,
~,,i, . .
Iponyitig the 4inpo. Imperisi Deelr. losithwwbleh Is now In titer =.6 . \,----7----------_______77:
...._
been intercepted) as 44141400 ft if whlSh is momentarily THE STATES. •
',. ' . .
froin Berlin intercepted)_
' Wo Isarlareas Yieraa that thittstostikt Mettoi. a .
nich, :A.ustriatt MinkSer for Fonlotclifftilts, 'ham gliallikalaal;111;4 . -
........lailaiga -
hoqueot titoffritteea with the Count h Narboueist ' - -LONDON: -..-. • . .
? •-, ,
lijesty . the Empress Ambassadir (rein Prance. TUUNDA 14 Ng? 17 mt. . , . ..4 „
I.
I the following Intel. • - • . —......- -
T 111 LVIDRY, .tv 10. P
..mum:Ana An . lin f.idinirl Mr Parts •'
Paper. to the igth hot- wawa wara...—a t_&-r.

. .
I much money among the Members of the Council, mals-gre- -:be to folieog slot diZmagog.swa le be tea
i awl madelarge presents to the GRAND S6OlllOll. arm Iliumberglat be eareealible td be ligalleal,te 01
1 The Arethmszt frigate Is arrived at Portsmouth from Gemara' ama da
is Is daa ttief cane which -
Vera Cruz. She has on board 472,000 dollars for
__lati""'","...... tlgibet• 40er,___,_,wield,,, anniiiat:
[Government, and 500,000 for merchants. The '''''.._
..Lb.u'":'sll„,.,..6_"'":,f,km":-aa.ays*'" ""-- -1,,
4rethusa briny accounts that thelasurgetta lii *eat. tswa """""' iir-iii-ii; -ti'e"4 - Ts. sr- -wlifei-x.,,gai
ab; are /Matte rviduced, 'aid .iumtpsible of teach.r . are omikwar. plus the swgeWsettag was Weed.
filstanoo. On the sth of Mikroly dwelt 1101ilial.and 'tom tea VIM Ipetifoßilli_.
_hi upper litil",_____,o.44l2
a half of dollars scrim* at .16D11Cre. lefts ageilleis obastaltelles to the Re" am INI"1"5"4"7 '""
; tuNlit thiptotoillos :of a millrosoom. • ••'• • • asiaartvet hare. ilka..aa. Ile date °Cabin gli IC
