Trffrgi'

FRANKFORT, JAN. 20.--The proposed basis for
the military coniingeot, which subject was .taken
ittto coosideratjoe by the 'Diet 'yerefday, i• 2 pet:
cent. open the population.

. ,
.. ARBITRARY- IMPRISONMENTS.
A:PIIBLIC MEETING will he held at the
Craws • and. Ainttir• Town. "Strand. ha DION DA Y
N EX F, the 4d ..f. Febesary. at Twelve o'Clikke
Sir .FRANCIS BURDETT. Bart M. P. la the Chide.
for she porpow of ()prolix,: a GEN ERA f. SU BSC RI P fION
far the AShIsT SPICE of Mpwr.. EVANS, Mr. BEN BO W.
and rnrh OTH Elt SUFFERERS under the HABEAS
COR PUS SUSPENSION ACT, no shall appear to a Com-
. gouge (met' ri, he ismiointeri) entitled to Public Approbation
for th-,r IthoWnrer to Ministerial Pert:i'vation. lotbeweass time
Sulo.eriptions will be. recri ved by the following Gentlemen:—
Mr. s.irauel Brook.. 110. Strand t Mr. Alexander Callosity.
69, Holborn; Mr. J. C. Hitchio: 9. Alderinoollary Postern ;
Mr. T. J. WoMer, Suo-stieet, Bistiopsgite ; Mr. Thom.* Band,
Croaked-lane; and by
THOS• ("LEARY. See. pro tem.
Alfred-place, Bedford-4,osm
• The Chair will he taken IttOgle o'clock precisely.

PRICE OF STOCKS.THIs DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 487/ 5 per Cent. Navy 10411 i
3 per Cent. Re*. 7941 "India Bonds 106 107 p
S per Cent. Consols ;811 -- Stock NO
Consol4 for Acc. 79 791 . Long Ann. 401
4 per Cent. 9811; •4 Eieltequer Bills 18 47 p- •

THE Bi.-ATES39[.AN. '

• I;

y .2...
WNDON: •

. .

iipttlear $l, 11111 F
.•
•
We received this forenoon Philadelphia Papers to
the let instant. They were brought by the Mercury,
Captain SINGLETON, arrived at Liverpool from Phila-
delphia. The True Ainerican of the 30. h ult. stales,
that General GAINEs had arrived at Fort Hawkins,
having left Fort Scott on the sth. " One object in
visiting the frontier at the present moment (say. this
Paper), was probably to hasten the movement
of the troops from this State, who took up
the line of march &Liars o'clock on Sunday.
We understand that General GAINVI contemplates
visiting the troops at Point. Petro (destined to take
possession of Amelia Island), before he returns to
the Indian Nation. If so, we should presume that
Fort Scott was not only Sikora ,against an attack
from the savages, but that °tenets, operations would
cease on oar pelt, till he rejoins the Army (which
will be as soon as. the Militia . arrive), when he will
put an end teethe* little war' in that quarter."
Mr. lltteca offered, in the Senate of Pennsylvania,
on the 18th ult., the following Resolution, proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represents.
titres of the Cuminnuwealth of Pennsylvtoia, in Ge-
nera Assembly met, That our Settators in Conce‘s
be instructed, and our Members in the House if Re-
presentatives be requested, to .use their .entlestrours
to have a joint Resolution passed, recommending the
following amendment to the Constitution of the
United States to the. Legislatures of the several
States :

" Congress shall have power to pass laws appro-
priating money for public education, for construct-
ing roads and canals, and improving the navigntiou
of water-courses.—Provided, however, That no road
or canal sltall be conducted in any State, nor the na-
vigation of its waters improved, without the consent
of such State.—And Provided also, That whenever
Congress shall appropriate money to these objects, the
amount thereof (except for public education, which
is left to the discretion of Congress) shall be dis-
tributed among the several States, in the ratio of Re-
presentation which each State shall have in the most
numerous branch of the National Legislature. But
the portion of any State, with its uwn consent, may
he applied to the purpose aforesaid in any other

State."
The ship India, from Calcutta, on her outward
passage, the 10th March, touched at the Island of
Tristan de Cunha, where she found the British flag
flying, and a number of troops from the Cape of
Goof; Hope. They were fortifying the place, and
had erected a number of brick buildings, from the
bricks of their own manufactory.—(Nets York Mer-
cantile Adertiser.)

We have received Calcutta Gazelles to the 7th of
September, nhich Contain some important Intelli-
gence relative to the projected military operations in
that quarter. The bead quarters of his Excellency
the Most Noble the Governor-General were on'tbe
'2Bth of August near Miriapcire. Letters'fraoitlre
Dekhin state, that the Madras troops were in march
towards the Nerbudda, from which it was inferred
that in the ensuing operations these troops would
take the duty of securing the ghauts in that (wirier,
so as to leave the Nagpore subsidiary force disposa-
ble. Sir T. lIISLOY, it was stated, would proceed
direct for Ellichpore. Col. WALKER had beert,ap-
pointed to the command of all the Cavalry in tho
Dekhin. The 3d ind 6th Regiments of Madras
Cavalry bad been rtlered to the Nerbudda.
By the advices front Madrid to the 15th, we find
that accounts had been received in that capital, that
General MINA, ow the 4th November, was posted on
the mountains of Xamiltepeque, thirty leagues from
Mexico, with 4900 men. The Viceroy was very short.
of pfovisions. From Gibraltar it was said, that
General MIL Ns bad proceeded on to Buenos Ayres.
Accounts bad also been received .front IA GUira;
stating,that in Carafe's only foot Insurgent Negroei
had availed themselves of the late Amnesty, prea
cleimed by the King's order; at,d in Mexico, only a
Captain of a pa;ty. of Indians, in the *laity of
the capital.

THE STATESMAN.

The effects of the late
Spaid, on,theldetear.of her
Trade, Imse already commedced
in the Councils and, ports of that
from Cadia of the; 9th of the
learn, that ap unused' desyect...,...lsti
Tested itself in fitting oat a Trans•Mantic expedition
from that pert. 'Three vessels of =war, and two 40-
gen -frigates, were preparing to tekein troops, to be
conducted round Cape Horn, for the coast of Chili.

The Paris Papers to•,the 27th instant, have been
received.
The equipages of the Doke of 'WELLINGTON ar-
rived at Paris on Saturday; and, according to the
Journals, his Grace was expected there on Monday.
It appears, however, that the Duke did not embark
at Dover till Thursday afternoon.
There is nothing to indicate the effect which the
late defeat of the Ministers in the Chamber of Peers,
in the rejection of the Project on the Liberty of the
Press, is likely to produce; but it is not unworthy
of remark, that among the persons present at the
King's Levee on Sunday last, were I'rince TAL-
LEYJIAND, and all the esisting Marshals of BONA.
eattxxs creation.—An Article from Berlin states,
from an official estimate of the Loan of three mil-
lions which Prussia is to raise in England, that the
interest will be about 81 per cent. .
These Journris again allude to the intended meet.
ing of Sovereigtia, which, it is now said, is to take
place, not at Prague, but at Dusseidorlf.
it is again stated from. Stutgard, that a new As-
sembly of Doputies of Wirtemberg is to he con.
coked, to which the plan of a Constitution is to be
submitted.

By the Flanders Mails we have Papers from Bras.
sets to the 28th, and a variety of German articles
through other channels. The prices of grain have
fallen in Flanders, and a further decline is expected
when the corn from the Baltic shall he brought to
sate. The People of Ghent complain that they can-
not manufactute thread at so low a price as they eau
import it from Scotland. This superiority on the
part of the latter they attribute to its use of machinery
in spinning, and therefore they recommend some Le.
&illative measures to counteract it.
The proposed basis for the military contingent of
the States of Ge:many, which subject was taken into
consideration by the DA on the 19th instant, re.
qui s a levy of .2 per cent. on the population of that
great country—we presume the male part of it is
alluded to. The gross population of Germany is
about 30,000,000, of which 6,000,000 will be nearly
the nuantter of males capable of bearing arms. Two
in every hundred of these would constitute an army
of 120,000 men, the tenet amount of force the
• Army of the Confederation was designed to,muster.
The Emperor ALSAASDER, it is eapected, will
leave Moscow •in March, for the southern pro.
winces of his empire: •
The marriage of the Duke of CAstattinGE with
the Princes of lixssa is said to be fixed for the 24th
of February.

The Royal Assent will this day be given by Com-
mission to the Bill for restoring to us, in one im-
portant particular, our Constitutional Liberties.—
We believe there are few persons in the country
who are not surprised at the sudden repeal of the
Suspension Act. From the satisfaction expressed
at this measure, the Treasury Prints, rather oddly,'
but truly, remark, 44 it might be supposed that the
thole of the People had been in chain", or confined
in a dungeon." This is a pretty good illustration
of the light in which the Suspension Law was viewed by
"the whole of the People." "Suspension ! chains and
slavery!" We trust, however, that the People will
not !re deceived by this trick. We have said it is for
the more speedily arriving at the absolution of an
Indemnity Bill. But there is another prudential
reason for this newly assumed rrwoect for the Con.
siltation. Ministers, it is outlet" ood, have deter-
mined upon a dissoloti:m of Parliament in the course
of the present year ; and hope by this unexpected set
of grace, to countervail in the public opinion the
original guilt which attaches to the causes of this;
unconstitutioual act, and the 'arbitrary manner is
which it has beets made t%operate against, the per.
.aonal righisasaiibrerties of tile People. We Parnestlyn
hope this expedient will not avail them. It is for the
great body of the electors to 'consider, whether any
circumstances transpit;d on the State Trials, even
in the solitary Instance where conviction followed., to
justify the violation of the. Constitution—and whether
the subsequent liberation of the far greater num-
ber of the Stile-Harmers on their own, or without
any recognizaneel, showed that Ministers had
been possessed of. information- egainst those per.
sons, to warrant their confinement, -at a distance
from their families- and businesses, in the cruel
manner which the -affidavits we have submitted,
end the details 'in' this city's ..9r.eicsAt4ii, so
strikingly pourtray. It is not merely one or two of
therm cases- wlsicb.walsibit -instaneee-of .estreme hard-
ship—they ere all fell ortiantoiCaii4 appsrently
unnecessary cruieity, ender the- guise.- of precaution,
that we hesitate-io horrid to ski/actor:is,. such acts'
of oppression as oar feelingi.wolddliiktafe. The if-
6davits we have -given `ref.- ResEaT'. CLIFF, and
`MITCRELL, with. the case of Mr. FRANCIS W'Aub; A
lace-maker at Nottingham. as stile(' in, it Petition
presented to the lime of Commons on Thursday; by'

PMc!TM

~,

4 9 14. I

r;i!

11.04,4

~;.
~. ~.

and pretioiksly details" by e
- %iiieuffere

seem to be ietirpedmenslof what ethers 111 c,
These unfortunste awn were torn from helpless a,
numerous families, dependent en their labour, f
support, by the authority of police officers, at
without trial or specific accosation, chained, a
doomed to long imprisonment is damp, cold, ei
solphureens dungeons, to the imminent duller
theit Husk —Aft& esiogiiisie is this. t

purpose of Ministers answered, they are capricious
liberated, but not discharged, without one judici
univiry into the charges against there. These perste
it is evident, are not what they have been repreente
they were quiet industrious people, minding th
own businesses, indulging their leisure hosts
the perusal, of speculations on the happiness
nations, and only °hangings from the °mdal
complaints ,which poverty and distress compell
them to otter. It has been proted that they were
the ignorant desperadoes on whose minds the loci
diary agents of rebellion were likely to work m
successfully. They have shown that the lower ord
are neither so ignorant nor so desperately.-wicked
their calumniators have endeavoured to prove aim
the whole mass of the British People. Is it to
endured, that the iodostrio*Upart of the commit
should be this stigmatised for venting its last ec
tof dinal en
sgri e c
r s
plaints' hit Gin justified, tint tech me' as the /
& awe* for a tfieeretical
in Anyspeculation,po
in harmless,
self, and not to be comps red
speculations and plans of philosophers which h
never attracted Legislative censure, should be drag
from their homes and their famines, ruined in tl
businesses, and reputations, and immured within
walls of solitary cells fur twelve months on sus
pretence, or rather on no pretence whatever,
their liberation is a proof that they are not charge
in truth with any crime. With respect to
Eva eggs, it appears that they were originally to
up on the oath of some person. That person,
ever he is, ought to be brought to light. 1k
been the cause of much unmerited suffering to
cent men, and of the infliction of disgrace
the jurisprudence of the nation, which not
con wipe away bat his detectioe sod punishmen
Thu Ministry should he made to say, what wen
acts of Treason of which these sufferers were sect
and to promulgate the testimony on which
founded their suspicions. A number of their tel
subjects have been loaded with infamy and pow
and set at liberty, without being brought to act
for one imputed crime, or enjoying an opporto
if they are innocent, of proving it, and setting
selves right in the estimation of their families, frig
and acquaintance. There cannot he a doubt th
crime be not compromised, Ministers have abused
trust, or been most culpably credulous. These
are either guilty or innoceut. That the later i
COW it now the geneial impression. If
could have been brought home to them, it v
have been long since. If there are re!
grounds of suspicion, it is dee to the country
velop them, that the well affected may be on
guard. If there are none, it is due to thel
themselves to say go. If they have suffered onj
compensation ought to be mado, and the dial
informers, on whose false testimony they wet
prisooed, sent to condign punishment. Nation
nour,es well as justice, demands some such proc
as this. What recompence can the mere repeal old
mission to inflict cruelty afford to the unhappy
of its capricious exercise? or what satisfactic
the mere cessation of outrage prove to the a
for a flagrant and wanton violation of-its most
rights I The only means the Maple now pot
avenging their wrongs, is by the enbiassed m
of their Elective Franchisei end We. trust that
General Election, those will be rememberet
1. •
L 'wed in Parliament for the Suspension. In
Ito this important matter, and the defy whic
devolves upon Electors, we have plessi
I directing the attention of oar Readers
letter in our other columns by as bar
and independent writer.—We hope th
vice thus. given will produce a doe effect
British People have witnessed the dreadful en
moisures which could 'tot have taken place he
"rights been properly protected, or the counts
ly _represented in Parliament. The sapper
`Solitensimi Laws, and the .defenders .of
musk, be &loitered and
.seiectod --4 t
fOr those who claim to be the Reptesei
of the People to say whether they will again
sech measures, or accede to their justifiteci”ll.
foi the British People to take care that they v!
Mew Representatives who will not pledge the
„to oppose such a system. The experience
last year will long remaia as a lesson
*Representatives bow they suffer themsel
build their condect' on green bag interim
It reaming 'for the Represenstatives of ,the
say, whether the liege sad likettistra their
Itresilt are again to belt the disposal of sue
the present Ministers, and their insurret
Spieh whether they will not pot an
the system of Spyism at once..---The
of - this e'Ystent is a history of atrocity,
danger to the country :wherever it has 131
played. its justificatinn Is the justification
in its worst Cot me, and its nature! and inseam!
is . the diffusion of duplicity, treachery, to
teeter, and misery. The encouragement c
,spe higher classes must subvert all moral I
in the lower. It is the proper engine of
only. From this island let it be Wished
41 a pestilence, whose operation is-to blast al
fruits of our envied Coostilution, and tr
the reign of
.terror, where only confidence
tent- ought to abide •

!ono Negociation
Abolition- of the Stit!
ced their develop.
hat Power. By letters I
be present 'month, we i
ie of ,c_tivitphas mani-
