COURT OF

Middlesex Sittings before the Lord Ode .1 'mike and Sim-
else Juries.
THE NINO O. THOMAS DOLBY.
This was en indictment against the defendant for pub
fishing a libel with intent to bring into contempt and'
disgrace the King, the Constitution, the Government,'
and the Laws of the Kingdom. The Shelton, underlie
out in the indictment was contained in a work, entitled,
" A Political Dictionary, or, Pocket Companion, chiefly
designed fur the use of Members of Parliament, Whig%
Tories, Loyalists, Magistrates, Clergymen, Half-pay.
Officers, Worshipful Aldermen, and Reviewers, being nal
Illustration and Commentary ea all Words, Phrases, and
Proper Names in the Vocabulary of Corruption."
indictment was preferred at the distance of the " Con'
etitutional Association."
Mr. GURNEY and Mr. TINDAL were for the prosecu-
tion, and Mr. ScaltueTT and Mr. J. Jiratte for the de-
fence.
It will be recollected, that at the Sittings after Hilary
Teem, this case was called on fur trial by a Special
Jury; that on that occasion only two Special Jurymen
were in attendance—that a tales was prayed by the
Cormsel for the prosecution that the array of the tale*
panel was challenged for unindifferency in the Sheriffs,
one of whom was r Member of the Constitutional Asso-
ciation—that the trial went off upon the finding of the
triers, and that in consequence of the absence of the Co-
roners of Middlesex (whose presence was requisite to
summon a tales de cireimetemtibue). new.Jary.p_
'was directed to them by Rale of Conn Ice Eider Tank
In pursuance of this Rale, a new Special Jury was WV
mooed, and the Coroners had also, by letter, convened
a number of talesmen, in expectation that a tales de
eireumaantibus might on the, present occasion he
prayed.
When the trial was now,called on, nine Special Arl-
in. n only appeared, and d tales being prayed on tbg part
of the Crown,
Mr. SCARLETT and Mr. EVANS took two objections to
jury process; first, that the Coroner, ought to have
summoned a deoem tales, in order to fill up the number
. of twelve (two jurymen having formerly appeared), con:
forniably to tiie practice in cases where continuances,
as in this case, had been mitered on the record i and se-
cond, that the tales now prayed, ought to be a tales de
circemstaatibms, and not a tales previously summoned
beforehand by Coroners. They argued both these
points upon principle. As to the first, they insisted that
the Court could take no notice (as nothing appearldnit
the record upon the *abject), that the jurors whir 'for-
merly appeared were special jurymen ; but the fact of
their app r being stated upoo the record, impoint
of regularity thercought to have been ten other jurors
summoned to supply the twelve, and not twelve new
juro:s, unless the two who had appeared had in the
mean time died, or were prevented from again attend-
ing. Then, as to the second, the tales low prayed
should be a tales de cireumstantibia. list is, persons
chosen on the spot, and not such as had been previously
brought together by letter of the Coroners. It was of
the utmost importance to the administration of justice,
that the proper forms should be observed. in them clash.
and without imputing any improper motive is theito-
Toners,. they insisted that it was irregn.lat for tip* by
' previous arrangetnent, to summon persons in the evils-
• tation that a tales would be prayed. .
• Mr. GURNEY and Mr. TINDAL answered the first oh.
• jection, by referring to the terinoof the role of Court,
which required the Coroners to summon twelve new
jurors, and insisted, that if any objection could be takes
a the proceeding, the time was gone by, for it ought to.
-have been urged before the rule was drawn apt rod%
to the second, they contended, that the convenient and
proper administration of justice required that the Coro-
• ners should be prepared with a tales previously sum-
moned. in the event of its brig prayed, bit in pi
prieciple nothing was so inconsistent with the
ministration ofjustice, as to summon by-standers upon
the Jary, who might be partisans on one side or the
other, in the matter at issue.
The Cuter JUSTICE was clearly of opinion against
both objections, for the reasons urged on die part of the
Crown, bat said, that the defendant might have the
lientlit of them hereafter, if they should be thought
available.
• The case was then ordered to proceed. One of the
Special Jurymen in attendance having been summoned
by a wrong christian name, it was thought better in
point of regularity, that be should not serve, and therm
tore it was mutually agreed that lie should withdraw
front the box. The Jury was then sworn, being cows
posed of eight special aid four talesuirn, summoned ape.
(jelly by letter for this trial by the Coroners, Meseta
Stirling and !Junin, who were now in attendance upon
the Court.
Mr. TINDAL opened the indictment; and
Mr. GURNIT stated the case for the prosecution, which
iie prefaced by observing. that this was an indictment
found by a Grand Jury for the County of Middlesex,
against the defendant, for a seditious libel contained in
the book which he held in his band, which, if it was not
seditious, lie did not know of any publication. however
gr.ss, which deserved that character. The Leiria
Counsel then proceeded to point out to the attention of
the Jury, the libellous passages which had been selected
from the " political Dictionary," for prosecution,
amongst which were the following ;
" COMMON LAN ;—Judge Law ; the terra ineogeita
of Lawyers, any tliiog the Judge pleases; for example,
the lining of Mr. Davison three times in the midst of hie
defence, or Mr. Thistlewood for publishing Thistle.
word's Trial. Mein. Chief Justice Pemberton used to
hoaat he had made more law (common law) in his timer
than the King and both Houses of Parliament. Some
of the present Judges appear inclined to follow his ex-
amide.
" CONSTITUTION ('in CHURCH and STATE; Religion
without piety, Law without reason, Representatives
without constituents, Aristocracy without talents, a
King iiitliout authority, and a People without soh-
sisteoce."
" SPEZCII.—A few insipid, ungrammatical
substances recited by him to his Parliament, and for
which Hum receives a million a year; usually announc-
ing ji.st sod nee e y wars, the improvement of the re-
venue, the flourishing state of commerce and agriculture,
a seditious and blasphemous people, all which is seldom
perceived by Huai and his Ministers. Mem. As the
Royal Speech grows every year more short and Inane,
it may be presumed that in time it will go entirely out
of fashion, and Parliament be assembled and prorogued
,without such an unmeaning formality. The people would
not regret the loss of Hum's speech, provided the mil-
lion a year remained in their pockets."
al lETING or PARLIAMENT.—A sign of molt ominous
import, portending famine, dungeons, banishment. and
slavery. In other words, assembling one thousand in-
oividuals from all parts of the empire,. under ;Next of
devising measures for the national benefit, but in real-
.ity to an„ intent public miseries, or procure for them-
selves or relatives, a larger share of public spoil."
PARLIAMENT.—An empty soni.d, a hoax, an impos-
ture. Furmerly the word implied wisdom, integrity,
and liberty; a check upon arbitrary power, the bulwark
of popular freedom; now it means the sanctuary of
error, prejudice, and venality ; a cloak fur Ministerial
turpitude; a passive instrument of Royalcaprice, and of-
-660 dished lity."
" ST. STEPHEN'S CHAPEL—Said to be a hottest of ill
lame in Westminster, frequented chiefly by eight brawl•
quacks, and other suspicious and *disrepntable cha-
taicte. a."

l'ri

TheSC were the pifecipal Passages se tad fur prues-
-ration, and the Learned Counsel, in reciting them to
the Jury, commented open their obvious tendency to
bring the King, the Constitution, theHo men', and
the law% of the kingdom, into hatred and eenterapt. If
such libels were tolerated, the liberty of the press would
be a curse to the country. Even that liberty (to which
there was no warmer lucid than himself) would sink
under such licentiousness. Without the restraiota the
kir, it would become ao intolerable salience; and, to
use the language of &celebrated Judge, " If the press
could gain a victory over the law, it fluid gain a vic-
tory over itself; Kit could conquer the law, it never could
survive the victory. Like Sampson's last victory over
the Philistines, the cooqueror and the c•orperel would
perish."
Horatio Ortbn, a clerk in the employment of the Con-
stitutional Association, proved, that be purchased !bet
work in question of the defendant himself, at his shit,.
No. 299. Strand. The defenders, appeared to sell ill
manner of pamphlets.

,TAN,'

. -
Cross-examined by Mr. Scantarr.—Mitnes• asked
for the work. He bad kaowsof it Wear. Hehadno
read of it before. He purchased it by the directiouivalf
the Committee, as their servant Mr. Murray was alp!
of the Committee. He was the attorney—the sell*
for he meant. He was the honorary assistant secret/it
—no, the secretary. Witness considered himself in Gig
service et the Society at present. He received pay frill
them. Did not understand receiving w
Did not receive any thing for the job. ItliZailla
salary. He received his last salary 1 *ph
'For the satisfaction of the poblic„ he
know what he received—he received SW. drys* •
bad so other occupation. Before dab- employ/1m •
generally used to assist his bembov-k a eon
He was introduced to the Socie by Me. Sharp. Whost'
he bought the book in question of the defendant, the
latter asked Is in if he bad not sees him in Bridge street ?
And witness replied that he might have moo him in
Chenpside. The defendant wished to have a good deal
of conversation, but 'meat him short, and leg the shop
as Wan as be bought the book. Witness did nut know
the intention of the Committee in having the book pur-
chased.
The libellous passages in the publication were then
read in evidence, and the case for the prosecution
closed.
Mr. Scartherr then proceeded to address the Jury Os
behalf of the defendant, and, in as able and eloquent
appeal to their judgateot, contended that, although they
had beard a good deal of comtooe-place epos the cha-
racter and tendency of the alleged Ithel, this was sot a
case which deserved ,be epithet. which bad been ap-
plied to it by his Learned Friend. HAIM Work in-
.dieted was of such an abominable isuilAtascious ten-
dency as bad been represented on the east of the prose-
cution, it was surprising that his. Majesty's Attorney-
General should have let it repose so:Long upon the
shelves of the defendant ; at least, it was difficult to as
sign an adequate reams why the protectional-the King,
the Constitution, and the
:Laws of the country, should
be coosignedto the superintendence of such persons as••
Mr. Assistant Honorary Secretary Murray, sod Mr. Or-
ton. It mast be taken for granted, that the Learned At-
torsey4leseral,aud toy other torso, of common sense, •
could very easily select frees aNeist every work fist
ever came from the press, peerages which Wert be con-
stetted into a libel; but did it follow Seem thewoe, that
the writer was to be understood to iateod ell the min-
chief which the ingenuity of a Learned Counsel might
•
attach ' •
be -

•
the Psalms of David, might ..inin range of pro-
seentioo. The whole of " Culliver's Travels' was a
satire upon the institutions of society ; but did it there-
fore follow that Dean Swift intended to destroy those
institutions? la Lord Chesterfield's " Letters to his
Son" were to be found, perhaps, some of the several
censures upon the vices of Monarchy ; and was it thence
to he inferred that that noble courtier intended to sale.
vert all monarchies, still less the Kingly tioveroweot of
this realm ? And in the Psalms of David—the Criss;
songs which form part of the service of the Church:
some of the most bitter sarcasms upon Kings were to bo
found, and yet nobody ever thought of prosecuting these
as libels. In short, there was no work which might not
be construed into a libel. No history that ever met the
public eye, was free from libels. It was true, that to li•
bel the dead was an offence, according to the law *f
this country, on account of the injury such an offence
was calculated to inflict upon the living. Upon this
principle it might be libellous to tell truth of Henry the
Eighth, or any despotic monarch, who had attempted to
trample upon the liberties of the people, and the histo-
rian of his actions might be brought to account by hip
successors, because of the odium thereby supposed to be
brought upon the kingly character. Looking through
all the passages of the defend:nt's publication which bad
been selected for prosecution, they might fairly by con-
sidered as falling within the province of legitimate se-
tire, and as tending only (in strong language. it was true)
to scourge the vices of the aze—to point out to scorn
the errors and follies incident to all human institutions,
bat not to destroy them. This was the true sense in
which the defendants conduct was to be considered ; and
unless the Jury were satisfied by cogent evidence that
the defendant really intended to subvert the constitution,
and to effect all the nefarious objects imputed to him by
the indictment, he was entitled to as acquittal. The
crime of libel consisted is 4. maliciaute and _wialignant
Intention to effect some object destructive of the interest
of society; but this must be openly manifested by the
conduct of the defendant. It was not to be inferred.
from the naked fact of publication, still less from the
circumstance that the publication itself contained some
offensive passages. Stripping the publication in
ques-
tion of some of the strong language in which it was
couched, it was free from any mischievous tendency. It
was capable of au innocent interpretation—a mere sa-
tire, without any intention manifested of effecting the
objects imputed to it. In the absence, therefore, of any
caress intention, which was
.the gist of the offence, he
called upon the Jury to sat an example, this day, which
should check the notions which bad been obtained upon
the subject of libel. Atter going through each passzge of
the publication, and pointing out with great ingenuity
the mild sense in which it might be interpreted, he con-
cluded by expressing a confident expectation that the
defeddant would be acquitted.

The Lotto Cuter Justice summed op the case fold
the Jury, and told them that they could only judge of
the detendant's intention by the fact of publication,
which necessarily implied, in this instance at least, that
the defentlent was cognizant of the contents of the work
which he had published, insomuch as his name was
printed at the bottom of it. The Jury. it was true, were
the proper judges of the defendant's intention, and as
the law at present existed, it was their province also to
II decide upon the tendency of the work which had been
prosecuted, without attempting to indueoce their judg-
melt by any observations at his own ; he should merely
follow the example of his predecessors on similar (wea-
l@ions, and should simply give his opinion upon the cha-
racter of the work brought under their consideration.
,In his opinion, then, it certainly teas a libel; his view

of the subject, however, ought not to indolence them in
their decision. They would apply their own sound un-
Ilerotwaalioes to the question, and he had no doubt they
would cootie to a conclusion which wonld be sathfactory
to their own consciences, end to the justice of the coun-
try.
The jury retiriod, felting with them the publication
alledzr.l to be libellous, and after being absent irons
one mail four o'clock, they returned a verdict of Guilty.
7118 NIKO V. WILLIAM CLAIM.
This was an indictment against the defendant for an
impious, blasphemous, atheistical, and profane libel,
published in a work celled w Queen /dab," written by
Dir. Percy Byshe Shelley, deceased. .
The prosecution was condneted by Mr. CURIICY and
”r. MAIIRTATT, for the Society for the Suppression of
Vice. 'fige defendant was without Counsel, and conduct-I
ell his own ease.

1 he libellous passages set forth in the indictment
were of sorb a tendeecy that we forbear publication.
The defendant in an elaborate address to the Jury,
,disclaimed any intention of attacking. the religion of the
couotry, or injuring its morals. '
The price at which the work was published, namely.
12s. lid., placed it above the reach of the lower classes of
society, wbo might be supposed to be most affected by its
contents. lo point of fact there never had been more
than one hundred and fifty copies of it sold, and to .hew
the sincerity able biotires, the moment he /maid of the
prosecution. he had offered to give up every copy of the
work, and enter into any pledge which they might to.
quire for his future good etrdnet. As to the character
of the libel itself, be insisted that it war perfectly venial.
compared with the works of some of the most °wiliest
writers{ who had adorned. the literatore of the country;
sod that it only contained sentiments which had often
been uttered by others:with perfect impunlty..—Hecitea
passages from Miltob, Dr. Knsby's translation of Lsere-1
tins, published ender the immediate patronage of fly '
King, Mirabeas, and other writers, in support of 6b
argument ; and for the phrpose of expleinlag away din
libellous tendency of those poets of his own work lea-
lected for prosecution, he read retracts from it, wbielb
were free from exception, He co eluded his defence by
milling
Mr. Pritchard. the attorney for the prosecution, to
rove the fact. that he had offered to give up all the co-
ies of the publication, if the Society would forego pro-
ceedings. The fact was admitted, but the offer was
fil
mule under such eircumstseces as not to satisfy the
prosecutors of the sincerity of the defeudaut's inten-
tion.
Mr. GIMNET replied.

The Leas Cater Jerrsce summed up the case for the
Jury. Mae found the defendant Guilty.

LONDON SESSIONS.

Yesterday. these Sessions were held before the Loan
MAYOR, the RECORDER, Alt/. SCSOLIY, WAITIIRAN, VER.
ABLZI, and Sir CRAB. FLOWIR.

A bile and respeolibio kW*, man, named Jaw
Clark, was tried epos aoiodlollasoat for having assault.
ad Marti. Smith, aehdleas old.miso. It appeared, that
the dispute had arisen is coosequeoco of a 60 t between
two cooks belonging to tbe parties.
The COURT sentenced, the prisoner to be ImpriAnned
for six weekoin thetouipter, and to pay a doe of U. to
the King. •

night et three weeks every thing went on very well.—
Fanny was pleased with her mistress, and the mistress
hod every reason to be pleased wits Fanny; hut after
that time she became morose and neglectful of her duty;
and at the end of the fifth week, •which happened yester-
dor, she and her mistrees mutually agreed to part.—
Ttiere had, however, been something in her conduct
which excited suspicion of her honesty; and her master
suggested the propriety of inspecting her trunks, before
they were taken from his Louse. This was duce, and
unfortunately his suspicions were toe true, for a great
number of aew silk purses, and other articles of the
same kind, (Mr. Gaskill is a manufactits* of these
things) were found concealed among her clothes. She
was, in consequence, given in charge to a Constable;'
and she then confessed that she bad stolen Many more'
things than those which bad been found upon Ler. She
even told of two persons with whom she had deposited
property of her master's to a considerable amount:
This was the substance of the evidence, and the Mkgis-
trate immediately issued search warrants against the two
persons she had named. One (Adieu), a young woman,
was brought to the office in less than as hour after, to-
gether with the property; but as there was no direct
evidence to show that she had' received it, knowing
it to be stolen, she was, at the request of Mr. tiaskill,
discharged, and Fanny Kenyon was fully committed for
trial.

Mr. Gaskill made an appeal to the Magistrate in be-
half also of the unfortunate Fanny; but fifillrerahlp
said Le could not listen to it---the law mart take its

For some time past, the warehouse of Messrs. Walker
and Co. holesale dealers in silver and plated goods.
in Beaufort-buildings, Strand, has been robbed to a
considerable extent, and which was diicovered by Mr.
Tate, engagedin a similar hasions, who discovered two
pair of silver Banger stands, that were now at a pawn-
broker's, in Chandos•street, St. Martin's-lane, with the
private mark of Messrs. Walker and Company, Which
led to the detection of the robber. who proved to be
Jo:ia Campbell, employed as a porter and warhouseman
in Beaufort buildings, who, on being interrogated -and
charged .10 suspicion of being the robber, voluntarily made
a confession, and gave up a number of pawnbroker's
du:ilicates for pledges of new silver plated goods to a
very considerable extent, which were produced yesterday
by the ilioptuen of seven different Pawnbrokers, before
Sir R. Birnie, the Sitting Magistrate ; when Campbell,
the Porter, underwent a second examination, and the
Pawnbrokers attended, and produced the numerous
valuable articles. Several of them identified the person
of the Prisoner who pawned the property, and stated
the Prisoner bad pledged the different articles by the
name of Whittingham.
Sir amuse n Blum* very properly censured the coo
duct of Pawnbrokers in receiving valuable new mane-
fac:nred articles, without exercising strict interroga-
tories to tbepersons offering them for pledge,particularly
to persons of the prisoners youthful appearance and
want of respectability in his dress, thereby opening a
facility for servants to dispose of property which they
rub their masters of. Sir Richard particularly censured
the conduct of William Lack, shopinan to Isaac Levi, of
London-street, Fiisro:i -square, for receiving a great
variety of atfid. s from toe prisoner, without putting
proper interrogatories to him as to how he because pos-
el of the property.
The witness, in answer to the censure of the Maxis.
trate, and in justification of his conduct, stated, that he
frequently received similar articles in pledge from
small tradesmen who wasted to raise money to pay their
bills.

Sir RICHARD expressed some surprise that some of fie
articles had been received at the shop of Mr. Cameron,
in the Strand, who was in g Iso very cautions sad
correct io all his transactions.
Hobert Hawke', shopusan to kir. Cameron, explained
his condom in receiving iplicles from the prisoner, lue
raying he bad (regeently pledged the same silver canZ.
stick, which induced theist* believe the whole were Lis
property.
The Shopman of Mr. Passmore, and those of (an-
other Pawnbrokers. agreeing to give op their Proper_
which they bad received in pledge from the Prisoner,
were not bound over to prosecute; those boned 0,„
were the Shopman of Mr. Leti, of London-street; awl
Mr. Cameron, in the /Strand.
Herres.flennity.—Yesterday, 4 respectable.lookin.
man, of the name of Robinson, was brought up is ICI
enstorly.of Edwarde, the officer, charged with tenderiog
a plated sngar basin, stamped with the Hall mark, 14
pledge at the shop of Al r. Hammy, a pawnbroker, in Li.
Itinorpond•street, stating that it was silver, and denten,.
ing three guineas on it. Mr. Ramsay tried this sugar.
ba.in, and discovered it was only plated. Mr. George
Milee, inspector of stamps at Gulds.nitlis' flail, prop.;
the stamp on the basin to be forged.—'f he prisoner it
his defence stated, that a man of the name of Ronk.
living at 16, Whilfirld s'reet,Somers.town,broneht lou;
the basin to pledzi fur him.—The prisoner was conmis
tel for further exanOation.
MARLBOROUGH•STRIET.—Yesterdat, the final examis•
ation of George flame, charged with haring stole,.
290 f. from the Firm of Leighton. Parry and Co. Cotton
itlannfacturers of Manchester, took place before J. C.
' CONANT, Esq. the Sitting Magistrate. when the flecti•
Peary evidenee wee adduced from Manchester. Ila wa
fully committed &eyrie).
Two fellows, named Foley and Herne. were yesterday,
frilly committed on • charge of hiving assaulted a, d
robbed an elderly tady of a bundle, in St. Giles's, st
Monday night.
Toast iS Pow, OVllCE.—Yes'er lay Join 17areis,„,
better known by the name of J•uhn 1101, earosa, Joki
Lireemote, drayman; and Hcary Hill, borsekeeper to
Mt. Allen;' Itatcliffe.highway, were, AAAAAA 1;v,
charged with robbing the concern to a considarahle
tent, df ate, beer, the.
They were committed for re-examination.
Robert Coney, a plumber in-the Steen !, was onvirod
of baring in his possession a quantity or old lesd, chi, It
he could give no satisfactory account 4. Ordered
pay a fine of -19 C, or be committed;-the fine wash:ow..
dietely paid.
UNION. Ha.—Yeterdar, a yew =as of ?term.
able apPearalice, named George Charley, was brought
before L. 13:Ift.Arsr, Esq. charged with having embuz-
sled a 501. bill of exchange from the firm of
Charley and 'flassey, silk-mercers, Poplerrua, K.a-
nington.
It appeared from the statement of Mr. Peter Bassav,
that the prisoner is the brutts.r of his par nee, Mr.
James Charley. On Monday lest, the prisoner. who was
a clerk in their-employment, aas entrusted 11 iTh.a hill
of exchange for 51)1. by the firm, to negotiate with a
Mr. White, of Cateaton.street, for value rec-ived. hit
prisoner did not return.; and some days afterward, it
was ascertained that ,be bill haul not bees piesented to
Mr. White; however. on Saturday right, he was dis-
covered at • public-house in Graven...o. Southwark,
where it appeared he had been livirg for five days pre.
vions to his detectico, and the 501. bill haul been paid
seltord nee' the latter baring
_. Mr. Baeseyalls4ed.
gessagainst the prisoner,
" them mail he had
Pi, was obliged to.
his •

zo hetire the Ses-
-40447, _ - did not take al
one of the other Wes might be selected to proem,; on.
A gentleman here came forward, and stated that he
attended on the part of the East India Company, from
whose eervice in the Artillery the pri.oorr hed deserted
at Chatham, on the 27th of August. He said he was
strncted to proceed against the complainants by infor-
mation, under the 3d of George 111. cap. 13th, which
enacts, that anyperson or persons who shall harbors/ say
deserter from the serviee shall forfeit the peaalty of tOt.
Mr. Hassey replied, that the prisoner bad only been
in the service of the firm since Saturday we, k, sad
added, that it was the intention of his partner to deliver
up his brother to the corps into which he had enliderl,
on hearing that be was a deserter.
The Magistrate was of opinion, that no informatign
could not be substantiated againl the chmplainants,
but if the prisoner did not happen to be coovicted, be
nri chi be delivered up to his corps.
The gentleman said, that the services of a man against
whom charges of such a nature were brought, multi
never be accepted by their Company.
Mr. Bassey then gave the name and address of the
person who had harboured the unfortunate man, ant
Fo infoimation was accordingly laid against fist persoa
anger the above Statue.

Datinstuh Actrwecr AT tiltillii•TE A nenwsv.—F,r
wale tirdliaphiitufnet numbers of workmen have been roi-
-1 plonel in erecting 39 aleurhooses near the Arch ay at
HigVale, for the aged poor belonging to the Mercer's
I company, and in order to complete the buildings, it was
found expedient to remove an immense ;:ilc of earth
that war/ dog from the roAd trthe t„ime the archway was
forming, am& which hurikkhairied eitiTs!we standing en
the aide of tb• road.' For some das; the navigators
have been at work in etterstyiog it away and slinetieg it
in another part oftitberea4, On Saturday morning lost
whilst some of tbe,excastiaors were waitinz fur their
tort to have their wheelbanows filled I y • bees lIJ
were digging at the bottom of the. Vast I.lle, the upper
part fell in with a tremendous crash, and five of /he na-
Tiptoes were buried ander it. The grnzis of the 'utter.
ers were distinctly heard by the other workmen, who
with surprising alaerity, set to work, and after digging
some time, sneceeded in extricating four of the soffeters
alive. The fifth, an aged navigator, alb) acted as fore-
man, and who had been employed in the esravations It
the Archway and the Regent's Canal, was foond shunt
crushed to Motu% yet still alive. The nnforionate old
man was taken on a shutter to the Archway Tavern.
where he reeelied every surgical aid that mild be ob-
tained, bat be died soil., Cher from the injuries he sos•
teined. A Coroner's Joey will sit on the body this diy.

MARRIED.
Lately, et Tatistoek. the Rev. E. A. Rm. R.D..
vicar or Tari3dock. to Aiwa Eliza, daughter of J. Leslie.
EsG.New Kent road,and widow of Vimr.e. Alfred stotherd,
the antiquary.

•••.••• ••• •••• %Av.- A• •Alli, AIM ;Ur an. 111,1 act twee pats
--"*" chief which the ingenuity of a Learned Counsel might POLICE. away to the landlord by. the prisoner, the letter haring
Pelee new ,attach to his work; mach less was oath aaiatentioa to
I be taken —wow— . rin op a score of M. its. in that time. Mr. lisoseyssidro.
, ,
; crown, to' Dow-wraturr.—DlSHoNcrr SERVAN7I,—Fancy gets. that there were other heavy charges against the prisoner,
* • this role note to bold goostfiso.Bterary production could
it auditon, a yosiaff woman of colour, was charged with rob, but he did not wish to urge any of theta mil he had
aient
and ever escape prosecution. The mesk 'wisest writers fing her master, Mr. Oaskill, of Prick-street, Hackney consulted with his partner, who, he said, was obliged to.
that ever adorped the literature isf tha.oonatry might,
the Coro-Fanny's *beret nineteen years old, aia was brought leave town in consegaence of the severe illness et fir •
, upon Ws princir,. be subjected to prosecution. If op in the poooditog Hospital. afe. Gout tamed her sister, bronght on by the proftgal ape of Isety.,.
tory sum-
poiof of ("FT satire or e tilolliarsA. ooeilt, ashy *v. ippeas ago. ifbe Ipadrategi V.serdoiebereriet fettntisite Wwthe'r: *kit gleantbLatt a tirtetto ca-
-1 doe ad: "11. bdi 2116:=14' Tim. basis, hem sat of placevosse time, she was lunch tect the bad habits of • the prisoner, bat all to so
den upon th.ors that ever adorwed_god of. PT IMpoyerhsherf. arid es her entering the service of Mr. purpose.
ought be subjected to the-Twat ot s ate.—The writings Osekill, the Irmindling charity very boautifully sopplied Mr. Aatgw said the case should go he re the Sea-
le or the
of Dean Swift, of the courtly Lord Chesterfield, and her with clothes, S. as a fresh outfit. For the first tort. liens immediate., and if a conviction did nut take pl we.
the Psalms of David, might fill within the range of pro.
!!...I:!:.i.nst. . on
night or three weeks every thing wait on very well.— one or the other elties might be selected to pewee.' .
I, seentioo. The whole of " Culliver's Travels was a w.;--- —....1......1 —;.s. 1..... _.:...--__ ..A al. •.. A .1_ A r • • •.t. A-
