LAN.IRK ELRUTION.

FlitDIV, M %RCN 31.—The triode of Ow itdialti!inta
ot 11. i.. town 'teeing sonerinisorally declared theno,wlves
1•4 fat our of 3lr. ()wen, Sufi their Toon I ootort I liovilig
(443' • majority of 13 against 7 dome,: Mr. .V 411144146 As
14.,eirtlelraistP, we all looked with 44114444444144 expel:l4l;mo% to
to,e rvente of to-tire. Althoolgh the morning slits t•itly,
e414411.64r1414144 body of own. from trod I.4nark. Rent
11...1/11 %%lib loatoners and manic to 31r. I toten's residence
taheiti), and thew him and the Linlithgow deleeate,
PT 41 his friend, in a carriage 01, to the town. I 'loon
tiseir reaching the Conned-room, whirls ran COIIIIIIII lilt
leg :...M10",. • gortieral exclamation of Ilpen I 'ultrt"---
ree,4 ***** 441 Elertioll”—at oil •• Adjourn to the Churl h••
•csmo truth ..Ii pirti et the crowd. In order th.ot the
I .4,1 m *44 .41 0414 4.14 y noir lot lorocrell peaceatdy, the doe.
r. n0.5.t.,1 to the Ehlet's seat. anti the rest of the
towel, woe toiled by the tooloahitant.. Mr. Owen's 1.11-

. „
*ranee Wan er...ted Witil !.11111 applause, but Provost
Motorlth vs RS received amidst groans and
'ben .Ire Witl deflated duly elerted, the
hivarat iroapprobation was 18.0itit'il. lir attempted to
Put could not be heard, until 11 r. /teen had ob-
tained silence for him.
Mrt All/NTEITH then proceeded to think the Centle_
men who hail supported him, for the high honour
they had jest conferred upon • 0.4.1111 hissine)-an
honour wbiel, any individual, wbatevrr I r Isis rank.
taleht justly fret rood of oloititring. lie assured them
he slionlel go into Parliameto eptite free and independent.
-(l.atighter and loot! disapprobation.)-Ire was not
bowel' to any party. There was only one thing hr wa,
a Saws r d. (awl lie g haled it: that slavery), he was a
?lase to hi: eitiimartice.-(Lund langhiti:l.)-Ile ex-
pensed his admiration of the ext "nice of the liritisla
eesiitution, tinder whielt every matt (lie himself vra‘
an humble instance of this) might hope to rise by a
• ourgr of inelostrv, and the fair exertion of his talents,
to the highest honours in the State.-(Sevreal vulers
facer rtellieurd, " Its ton latr-that's all liver now.-)-
concludisi• by thaiihirg the meetit.e for the indul-
Erne, in listening to what lie had to say.- (Loud and
lono-con•itined hissing.)
Mr. Owrx then rose, and when the applause with
whit he ow. Wrr4l.ll luau ills proceed, hr NpoLe
....listance aS follows I her leave in the first place
thatik the gentlemen who have voted for lair utt the
; Orril•I011, and, ill the net', to worn toy iv-
koo% lislements to the inhabitants of this town and
tre, .lionrhooal. for the kindness and attention I have ex-
perienced from them, during the late 1;411V.I•11, awl up to
she present Diumro,.. With reference to the business of
t!.r Oar. I rejoice that it lias terminated as it has done.
Itfilny of yon, tau oluubt, will hr stirpiis-ii at this declara-
tion ; but eltrr a calm and deliherate consideration of
ti.e •iibiert, I ; sit le.' to ronelude it will he more !tene-
t it! to the cause which I advocate, that, before I sob.
rut nay plaits to Parliament. the new Members should
imve a fair opportunity of trying in the first Session,
el.at 'they can effect towards the relief of the national
..-tremes. Si. little du 1 value popularity air tome of '
eery kind, that I would motel. rasher Aat relief were
rought about by others than by myself. I rare not who
licconiplishm the IGO, ail that the good le
vial I wiah to Bile every 4v:4w:unity to those who Rtip.
roil the present arrangements of society, to remedy the
vils natter which the coontry it mow snlfering. al-
isooviction cerainly is, that Irmo the er-
r .neotis principles upon which they act, they must fail
in the atteuq t.
•• Alto' the long detention yon hare already experi-
enced, I and unwilling to trespass Nether on your time,
arrhough p:uch remains to he said. I ronclolie, Gentle-
men, by tbant.irg you for the very marked attention
with which ye... have listened to toe. and for the good
orsler shieh has been &nerved during these pestered-
ings. Permit Mr to reqnest that peace, order, and good
%bill may con•iniii. to distinguish tone c0mb0..."
:The speech was frespiently interrupted by loud, long,
R.l I rapturous applause, evincing the most deep-felt ise
terest for the sentiments as they were delivered.]
31r. Owen then shook hands with 3lr. 3lonteith anal
the Illelrestes.-The meeting then quietly broke up.-
Air. Owen tarut home privately, loving declined the
honours whirls the people of Lanark were desirous of
paying hint ou his return.
