CHEAP CALPETING at JONES end
W I MISS. S. OlSto4e4seret, Awl"... nippiest. *fr
Taal of bow Itsarel• Caroms pr. lb, stars posres.. free
& SS. ts Se. per yard. ,Seperlsr Itia iltroverwr turrets
e;moli cheep. *sal Toiery Csepel, arearri fn!
fie. 40 der rest. sober Mad preys ; Member a gretersity
a gibe hresisrog Swift Crib far Wirier Canary, of varies)
sateen. r elwap as allarrea.
.B.lVariety of Driag-viersarl Ora • ia..eaar Farriers.

FOR BEAUTIFtINGI THE
2c.u.g itrarTAßot -Ttiont: POWDER Isas
... Marto dor appeoe se at every loilet of rank and
tier It la arrareerwary r.. vier saw farther reeve ..roda-
alsee of it. Heine eletwo...e. of Vegetables. I "HAMM, Ilke
derilidaee a ad, Waer-d p raiders logredk. I whatever, it
pp free from the .s Allem n. ..,test lie wee 4 mare Deull.
•tet. Its d weave p .wer i.te. .ellPiere so Ante
detteeetive and eorrediaa panicky oak • erasion, adhere to
the Gone. UMW WOW 11.1•MICIPS ..f the T Wall% omens
is the t nett. flea prom flee a ere IPRIIIIMPi of grade whio.
net ( wain N h.. twee injored a. reers.lol). ow the litter. It
lideoiee ilaparts a drown. wed loimostal redder on the pas
Au the Wean .errtnelog'aod If ..d row
Metelly, ....Iliette I. wil ',mum the Teeth is a rand dale
Ikea le chi age.
- -

1444 la Serer. at tr. 94 It, R. Rinkr sal law. Cheraiirr.
Ile. 4, Cheapede. terser of St. Peerr. Leah= vagil 31. Seth-
AMMarem. Ntaill t nen b. the principal Pertereereand Reel-
*Den tbroogbeet the United Kiegth".
111. d. ParthiiNlS are ormwiled t. ablerweigilbe maw aml
lihr.s. Balk?. t. Cheapellie." use is the ramp
awl l•sari atta.brd Mt* hes et tide Derelhice.
linitat Wm at st are sew mad eager Me emN tide of Vegetable
Tomb rower.

" The Can far skid HaarDaN fell in
_04,, Field, inld Smear di. so the

•hick added meth le the leiteest sod

digsfty of she seas lisp hundreds hens these.
emending villages narebed be procession to the afooti
occompeaked by week; and, ohs Moor,
the Noisiest had
dissolved, ussembled agate at the send of a bogie,
and walked home Is • similar manner. At an early
rasp of the besieges it was observed, that es the grate
or heath, ups which they were stoodieg, would
sakes comfortable seat, it would be more piesout
aedtahneaient if the sadism would all sit down.—
This arrangement was immediately adopted by • greet
majority of the people, ea it produced a eery sin-
gals but happy elect. Some of the anoodente fits
the cwwiltris many. of when had travelled 110 aid .1
miles is Oda to be present es Ott deelfflOi, it:
pissed their joy sod gratitude at the sespeeted,
pry welcome westamodatios thee afforded to
their weeded limbo. The local authorities deserts
the desks of the Piddle for Dot calling soy military
fele the town, a peeaselion which, as the events of
Hie day proved, would hiss bees altogether mane.
emery. The inhabitants of Paisley are too Intel.
Neat and well disposed to create or easing, any
&Sider or sorbets's, sithergh they cannot remain
Sleet soder the pretest oppressive mod ruinous eye.
tem of usisiovernmeol.
Ns. JAIIIttI Acuson 11•1 appointed Chairmen. Ifs
addressed the Meeting to the following effect :
" Gessessi,—lt would be premature la me, at
&proses stage of she betimes, to eater into the
disclaim of say controverted point. I may, how-
, ever, eases, tb.t be present neexampled state of
distress into which the costatry is unfortunately
plugged, calls loudly fee an 'spreads' of the Public
voice respecting the as and mire of our present
selferiage. That distress to an enprecedeated silent
does valet, is a heist, as obvious as that the sun le
Isle abets the horizon. This truth, indeed, comes
hose to every 'woof us. We see it, we hear it, and
we feel it, oud it biases ail of es seriously to es-
' quire frees warms it originates. It cannot proceed
from any partkolar visitation of Provides., as for
many years err harvests have been most 'handset,
and the load has been blessed with pinny, neither
an it pleated from soy positive fault ea the pert of
lb, People. /finery teasel furnish any 'sample
'salting the skill mad indestry of oar mechanic and
isbourers, nor the enterprise of our manefacterer
sad enchants. Seeing then Malt does not proceed
from any of these causes, It is our duty to trace the
odes of the mil to its source, and this eau only be
elected by gieiag fell scope to free discussion, so
that every one say add his mite to the teems sleek
of
information ; by then means we shall, so desist,
arrive at the true cause of our distress, sod be ow-
*bled to pilot est the proper remedy, for" where
Truth delis to come, her Sister Liberty will sot be
fat &stoat." To swore this freedom of discussion I
seed only recommend, that order and decorum, that
• prudence sod wise caation, 'which ever harei and
trial ever will. form • leading festers in the character
of
she inhabitants of Paisliy."
Mr. Jana Fsnesso spoke after the Chairmen.—
lily friends, I rise to eddies* you, soder feelings the
most poignant, at beholding so greet a mottitede,w
stabled for the 'sprees purpose of pv66511114 yes's.
misery to the world. What a dreadful hemillatis
for the sons of the brave Wallace, who bled sod
died to secure your hoses and independence! Has
yber degraded,i arisen from circtentsteoces over
which you have bad any centres!? Certainly not t
ii has melted from a war entered into not with the
People's ow 6 wish or consent, bet at the special
efigatios of the Beroashmongers,for their own safety
sod eggrandisemeut, to crash the infant liberty
of frame, and earned ea with a malignity desires.,
the of fin very riatiples of civilisation, and alto-
gether, eaworthy of the character of a Christi..
nation, not only from this terrible havoc it made
among the hams. MVP, sad the absadonseat that
narked its coons of every tie that cosects society
together bet from its terminsting by reducing the
People to calamities unpurelleled la the history of soy
age or slushy—a war which hes brought upon us
the spheral hatred of the nations around us, from
cur havieg spread misery and desolation among their
inhabitants—a war which has given rise to Corn Bills
to starve the People, la order to swell the overgrown
rest-rolls of the Doronghesongers, and support them
in siespeading the very essentials of the Constitution,
eel dragging to jails, and even to death itself, es at
Herby for inetance, those who stood fetward le
clots the People's tights--a war, .which has accumu-
lated ■ debt, falsely called oedema, so great, that the
whole world token together, could net discbarge it, the
I interest of whit'h is sow pressing the Nephritis's' very
den by hellion, and is the great sows of all she
distress endured thresgboutthe reels—e war,which
has gsaanted a rasestrnsispes sa•••7 Ortfill, be.

. .
Thiugh it has so It Were reared its bead to the Very
closed*, it Is lotteries to its entre been the strong
cehvat of Reform that Kills frestevery gointres of
the kiegdos, end is soundly dralleed to fall yeti
Monty amid derherriestio ellieblie veering. Flom.
ever dark mil dismal may' be the glens which sets
Meld es, we hate the cheeria-coosolaties to pim-
mihenys of light brooklet throat', which puff,
the appending blase sod brillisecy of therseelhate
lie of freedom sod happinesi. We'keve at Illlttas
towed set the disease that is costuming us, sod iiir
'proper imiedy. It Is Mot is with neforteiatelnel
laud, met to the lowest depth of house wretcbedw
sees, shade*, eon yet know the reel source Oboe
reliwiMensiserin. like laisiwird with mere Ina*
a Celiac postioe, a strew, s leather in the wink
a phaeton, le nepotism' with that rest nesecips.
tie.. that we have is view, sanely VinvenastleM
Min sod ANIMAL PARLIAMENTS. The stint eel
pursue being geiversel freedom, would of coons rin
move all religious disqualiicstion and coign a tith ea
every one to enj synery roak,olice,or digel tylgt might
be worthy to posses,. It is horrible to think of that
brave sod Injured People, that powetfel and highly
gifted People, iehabiting the most pleasant genies fee
frolifoleeis is the world, mania under the lash et
bigotry sod letelerson, and wasting tiny from
the cognised °panties *1 slavery, dismal esi
deepen, whilst not one simile soul is -
get 4, the greet hoeing meanie, Annealpi!
linnet, and thieved Belltrsie I Where is the mistily
cloomplee of his cosetrysee's rights Phillips?—
Why does he not grown his ceentrys:eli trees this
midnight darkens, tied all them forth in gales
with us, oiliest oar common eeelein, to straggle
for the obielameat of that egiversal eassocipatiem,
which would free us all from the heavy civil, vera
Ogle's, tied political shackles, that we sow weir
is token of our enslaved coo:linen. What, thee,
as be were worthy of our joist permits? and what
as he more certain of alinement, If we bat arson
co-sperms with a perfect unities of sentiment ? The
very epprebeesitle of such a soots is mare tank to
our Boreogbesengen, Ail the whole best of
France arrayed pint them with Its terrible here at
Its heed. Like the head-writing en the wall, it makes
them quake st every joint ; benne, if persevered itv,
they know it must prevail. My hinds, teach the
system of compile, this mount, bet with the
!linchpin of Union, and the whole man *mold
fall Juts the den, sod choke the panders who ban
thrived spelt its Iniquities: A few of the plaything,
which have Wee gives tee seeressfully to based, to
amen end divert her geheppy People from the real
substantial object of relief, see elosys held eat to
emery People seder similar circumstances. Seth was
the attempt made epee our pine birthrate of Gigs.
per, which, to their 'yenning honour, they se
muttony rebutted. Shall they dareiisio to insult us
by propionate transport es from Outland of our fon-
fathers ? Rarely, if any pineal Nett to be Ina&
pond, it should be those, sod Mint only, who, bent
biased the People into the deep wooers of siliatioe.
Away with them, if you please le Botany Deg' et
Canada, whose frozen climate wily better suit th*
gefeeling disposition. God has crested men, sill
furnished him milli the means of producing se abs..
&ace of food. 'Nor ought it to he in the power of
say sot amen to withhold the begetting blessings of
Heaven from their fellow-creatures. For my own
part, I most solemnly declare, Chet if we *ere to al.
low ourselves to fall victims to death by starvation,
while plenty abeneds is the laud, we should commit
the most hideous sin against Isiah, indent—we
shield be consenting to onfimerder.
Mr. WILLIAM DOI!, MUM farina gad address-
ed the Meeting es follows i—The supporters of the
spine have often boasted, list this was the freest
sod happiest motion In the world g why, Gentlemen,
If to be stoned to the earth by toning be freedom,'
and to be deprived of every onessety of life be hop.
pietas, thee we are in reality the most free and the
most happy satins that ever existed on the globe.v—
Thal you ore certainly a patient and a peaceable Pee.
pie, your ling protracted and unparalleled nightie.,
will prove ' • that you are a brave People, the wins
yeti have brow forged is sod the trophies yes have
Won will bear ample testimony to ; and a renew
rceilinted, - lly, of silty millions sterling, will
'tisliciently prose your industry and (recall,. Your
attachment terms country no fftivationscan shake;
for theinh the lren.losud of oppression hottest Many"
a brave Halton from his native land, still his heart Ness
with his country. A Scotsman may be two hoot Rh
1 native hills by oppression, bet you can ***** trans.
plant him. Aad why should Ai; in oar native nod.
' be compelled to niter the mitil unheard-of elsei.tes.
lost
et on seaccekesoretfaogre
theby ii::::4..! to .I.7daisiftatitici.isbobe:reldt

4. •

C 011111111111111114...
of a easier
foil wee sad the
I, Me MOO
vre to as eatesteedher
test a ettitimitat
tboasporeo of thew
A. What pro:
mesa eta dewy*
%%entry is tett-
&mediate rel tart
hoer, that
hr otelgratioab
hairs to mato
/UM this ogee
hoe green eat
. eteattattietory,
heart of a rim.
popalatioab salt
lame •111

1..%

I greet they
right. _ - Is undeniable
..at labeet is the Mira of all wealth. Plow, say •
IMMO emelt' oompopelatiese Pmpte, we bate tee
Ihity letwomme, flat is, we have too sorer Who aro
able said willies to praise, Sere wealth thee we
think it 10 allow, sad this is tie source of our re.
test . Oh, Most happy sad concludes reellowiegi •
And wily are yea robbed and leielted to this mae.
OW Mid for Mkt tampion? &cases pie WOO apes
meth ley great, powerful, or aosnlisees effort to
free yourselves. Yee, Otestiesee, kis all soy otes
fault; we see ourselves, boteekhstaodieg all oar
ewe, ledestey, sod frigidity, stekleg 'deeper every
day into debt, warty, bud despair—Se see oar.
settee, no. in the prime of life, feeble is petite,
with the most sisidries industry, timber. secessarive
of life—we sae the edecation of youth sieglected, be-
cause they mast, esee in their childhood, WON to
toil for the by stool— we see crime in lea fright•
fel sod alarming degree, because people will do soy.
thing rather than die of want—we we the grey haired
sod ',seeable sire, who should be enjoying the emo.
lug of hit days in repose, sod pipette; to "Matt
all earthly things," labourieg from morales's& we to
etesileg's close to 'Mein a scanty itstesideece—wo
see our wises usable to indite their material
affecdoe towards their children through the pus.
tore of their daily dmidiety—we ourselves mad
toil eat whole leers Imessantly, and live spar.
logly ; and trhie our wera.out bodies are stretch.
ad on a remoter* hod of alike's', what a slats
least ear *dads be he, to tusk we melt leave
our clulldreer,-oor door othptlng, espesed to all the
limptatloas of east led distress, lode rethaps at last
es the igeoudoloos untold °IOU! While thepremot
gifts condoms, this Is the oily 'shakoes' tee cut
have to our children. Surely it asset long endue:
melee humanity, and kaolin cry oet timidly against
it; sod the telee of the People, from nee mid of the
umpire to the other. &Roadies a Radical Reform ofi
their grferseces portends the anted of a bona tied
happier state of things.
Mr. Joust M.ISTADDHT said, the Reeelations„ and
the Petition to the Priam Regent, which be had thew
the Impost to submit for their spprobettoo, had bees
speed to, thee a calm and careful ineestlption, by
the Committee, and a 'ember of their fel low.dtiseits,
*he hid attended sad covetenauced their proceed.
lugs. The Committee. after math deliberitios, could
not recommend thee to adopt any of the "hole
digging, hole filling op," or transportation place
which had Reeled oo the wings of corruption hag
the pewileutial halls of St. Stephen's. No; his fel.
le*.coestrymen had too strong as affectioe for thole
native load, their virtuous aid indestrioes fellow.
cosotryines, sod the general body of its laws sett
'instil aliens, to cement for one moment to relinquish
these for the distant, and to them enknowo, roe's'
of Afries.The cant of corruption, by which thedistrese
dohs coestry is ascribed to an overgrown population is
Needed, esti the speaker, epos the molt erroooese
mostelesious. No, my fellow•conetrymin, it Ilthlle
'from the blighting effects of an overgrown system el
tasatisel which, like a strong armed man, perms
es is every direction, sad meets us at every turning,
end et etre,' mese, with still increasing demands.
'rho Iloroegh Faction deprecate the istrodeetion
ores of the word " Revelation," and yet,strairge fa.
lathy, its supporters are scattering, with an temper.
ing hand, the seeds which must grow up halo a fees.
letioaary honest, by reducing the great body of
Seekonk, slut lobos ren to that stale of hopelessness
sled misery in which any change becomes desirable.—
Let this corrupt faction, as they dread the jest hng.
lilies of the People, retire from the manageemet of
tie affairs of the nation, which they hue shows
themselves utterly incapable of conducting with the
mealiest degree of predeuce, anti let the chose. of

.
A NSW lIVFIRICAL WORK. 1041.1L8Y littariNd. 'soden power of dessiptiew, set os foot a bowed.• ea ebe Sake by • coaspt Hoses of t
Prier b. 6s. —.Oll.- tees sad eisatersi Nis for epaulettes that Me/hall fib Ipasker *Wend tats. doted
11) AB NEW BON TON MAGAINE, for A
Aeouto,
esibruishe4
.iiti sews rowaiis 0 ludica Peblle Weds' eel Iteld near NA*, et Be. Mr? Wet' market with *Mist 0111,Mibietarel , 'hoailitiog est the foil=
Itigiro.... terday, the 17th Jet?. Elli the ki.ikleriggs Moor, the chishaillpel be ceselbed, sea li lilideclall ii lAbbill—lisd Yet
c„,,ors,-a prep at tbe Plat *mos kWh* wo "lieo. property; et Willies Peewit, Esq. for the purpose seeethe riles/It el& heallethele • awl ell 11111111eAl wise peeteedirs to sit ei
Iroinven -Ter Soillblkla &wail/ os New Leitbbialle- .
of proasetiseg a Radical. Rotors hi the Cosmos, le hisefte We RS& re are • . v ebil "Milla*b• wltnlist to trisilepol
Tie Pt' and time I. 4 mivrar-Arlilsa Ton asaTtb.-
sittink sonde or ',tying Mort to litseis-Tbr York • these of Parliament se the only etecteel remedy week Members *Neste to pelf* *WM,
~_ ._.. tea forbids laad.at dieser
we-Dim Jew mit. e4-Flusweki Remilsid."-"'" le" far go present ever orteleabei seem' distrtit. Tkis west. 'hie deltas system of papa hes el: teihrt , Mesta cSve out dietteltsee.
lo tied-Hl do Relre,ml Pereowte-Lord Thertper sae
dis pted._a p.m is • Haw rs Nevi -I:miaow jitettere-t Ikeda( was oradoesed • wish owe than ordinary Sped the eeadlliell of the Petty% whislipilly by t it le • feet, which wet
14010114, Rtldeee-ILsamit Loam, or Me* Woo to -
PeT ibilily. Whilst the writes! ender .., obeereed reeled the atradol levies of thl. At filii"ll,„ , the 4.11!,!&f_5.„ _lf 61 in the 6116.4_ . r 111,___, ."I""
Glipitditretrikrk
31%. jallision• . chesoie s a shoo ow ail swap eltreashoet la. pootoodtage it ass asaartatimusak. remelt et the skefel dense *hese weeesilmben bees olaseeray teavereseat was its museum
Arts, the feretetthwistn soy be WC , • OM that Oar daft liedy sed ledigneet wool of their *listed la sly Ear proportion to thetiele Is the eettfeps *he sof d twdlskty oisstais,
penile.' vornegvenleatal the whole eiseandese..a.. prices of tba onetaaries of life. Tbiebeee aid IdelieS If ilitliblibee lef 'abysm, be 'awed In
IF 'meadow of the Pirbile.X.l to the Meat Pity ',Vermeil', sad leselthy pus** bete orb system his sot esolood its evils to this netilt Mho*, lief ebtoleorth) the three.fooliht *mid I
..a. orwaiw ~saw ar Ike ELASTIC
atatier arekard, and errissead tbollr by shin it bat besot on trairoselp worldly sod 1111166 spirit, lelk the dalleterrep to Gettoremost-a44
ea iv IN mat T. 1116561. et
.flesl, ebortiert side- the eels peeteleee ask introdoced seek a prosiest* of teeter, soli paitribteestee ? Thia ebealrd Wades bi
e7:4141. Flebbsisbet. rod told of *dr Woo, St
Wprented Web Ibr Wallas solo of truillesle f..r t tee. Illisolisgat Paisley mss se seseeteesly• attowdeit or tiaatery Neese the trhatectioso ref Imo, al Il as et amedier orally al hbotird sail self et
wo,. ~,:aljohtb apprsobbilee. We kw. I. beibEe. dierbrid se mime a torte ey satiesiees. The. only 'obesely' of the peieciples se which society ie ehich less hitched le the esaligashi hem
town 0e...a . tie tielll Ihrie_r_","`ge• lia'11:13 oppfts, woe Need sad arissa„mitttel sad rye Needed, bat toads eves to the overthrew of the We ete told we bee, se Overgrows pap
le Wit *Ai Hi nrylt a etiabisubsee by tb.•
tW wry.litst SUS. .. sue ten., t Per -Elam le 11,1 k Ito vowel setivesstiest. It Is seemly elbowed shot protasis. of Chrisilaelty itself. This terrible
4sass if they seta that part of it oho live is
Ws. so 11..-mapillsr iblever.i.d•mble teems* le" lb. sate sere partitives tiro, sod thinly 'keened pet. of coteeptlos sad *premien will, however like ttheWashy if tlet other part, I
.v.ir vowel with suk, endered Implerliable
sass preen* The soother woo reaterkekky use sad every other silt belly work Us owe &Sissies.— ere right. Bet, Gestissen, it is
- _ . .w.. . ...__ __ .. _____ ____-.1 ~_ a.---3 di— AL.. t..... 1...• barred I. Mb. ...b.iii if all *silt_

, .
the eviler ester the Cessions' Hesse, to cleanse that
Aegean stable sod rens'''. the Constitution, it
weald aeon be wee then, that to make the People
happy and contented, all that was required was ter
/
admit them to the enjoyment of their just rights, do
blessings of Civil and Religious Liberty.
Mr. MlNaegist thee proceeded to read the Pre. •
amble and nineteen Resolutions, which bad bees
prepared by the Comositterr.
Mr. ions ,hillGaeacsa supported the Resolutions
In a .peech to the following *gee:— i
I
' Mr. Previilrot and Gentlemrss,--I the to second
f
thu Resoletlens which you have just heard read.-
1
1 consider three wnr•sy .1 your eowideration end i
adoption. They contain a plain boon' statement of t
nit -grinners, in lenges(' bold, Menry, and respect-
hl. It was not my intention, hiweref, to base ode 4
doesaed yea open this
oteation bad I not bee re. 'r
peatedly requested to fill this e bees
elite by ib• matt ar. I l'
dent solicitations of sows of my vrartiost friends.
Sines I had the honour of addressing yne lagere,
our Offences hare dallipled wifil rapidity sad as ,
_ .
• • •
' z c wa, ••- • _ .
~tech-"„ , - .... .
