THE STAT ESMAN,

off.
After some words from Mr. HUSKISSON, the peti,
tion was ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. HUTCHINSON presented a petition from the
Farmers of Cork, for a Repeal of the Leather Tax.—Laid
on the table.
Mr. LUSHINGTON presented a petition from the
Mayor and Corporation of Canterbury, for a Repeal of
the Duty on Coals.—Laid on the table.
Lord ALTHORPE presented a petition from J. Lang-
ham, a gentleman residing in a villsge in Northampton-
shire, against certain provisions of the Beer Bill. The
petitioner stated that some time since he was permitted
to erect a brew-house to manufacture beer for the inha-
bitants of the village where he resided, under certain re-
strictions. Ile complained that the provisions of the Bill
would be injurious, and prayed that they might not be
extended to brew-houses already in existence, where beer
was sold at ten-pence per gallon.
Mr. CA RTWRIUHT added his testimony to the liber-1
ality of the views and conduct of the petitioner--Laid on
the table.
Lord ALTHORPE presented a petition from the
Butchers of the town of Northampton, fora Reduction of
the Leather Tax.—Laid on the table.
The Grand Jury Presentment Bill was re-committed,
and the Report ordered to be brought up on Wednesday'
test.
The Master and Apprentices ilill was read a se-
cond time, sad ordered to be committed on Monday
se'noight.
GAME LAWS.
Mr. BENNET presented a petition from a person
named Richard Heller, in which the petitioner complain-
ed of the conduct of the Duke of Buckingham and two
Magistrates of the County of Southampton, the Rev. Ro.
bert Wright, and the Rev. Edmund Puulter, 'adore whom
he was summoned, on to information for some offence
ander the Game Laws, and praying that those laws might
be altered.
Slr THOMAS BARING said that he bad the honour
of acting with the two Reverend Magistrates mentioned
in the petition, and he did not hesitate to say that he
believed Diem to be incapable of acting improperly.
Lord TEMPLE justified the course which had Wen
adopted towards the petitioners.
Mr. E. SUMNER would put it to the House whethozi
such petitions as this ought to be brought up.—(o,il
Oh! from the Opposition Benches.) Yes, he would re-
peat, they ought not to be brought up. The Hots,
ought to discountenance complaints which the ordinary
tribunals of the country were competent to remedy. •
Mr. ELLICE said he was astonished that any Member
should undertake to recommend to the Howe to reject
the petitions of the people. The Honourable Member.
ought to be aware that though the petitioner complains
of injustice, yet be also prays for an alteration of the Game
Law,.
Mr. H. SUMNER said that the gravamen of the pad- ,
tints was of a different nature.
Mr. WYNN said that he agreed with the Hon: Mem-
ber that the House should discoentenance petitions com-1
plaining of grievances, for which the law provided redress.
if be petitioner, if he bad any cause of complaint against
the Magistrates might appeal from their decision to the
Quarter Sessions.
Mr. JOHN WILLIAMS raid he believed that there
was no appeal to the Quarter Sessions from any coowic.l
tion before the Magistrates under the Game Laws. ' I
Mr. HUME condemned the conduct of the Duke of
Buckingham in acting as judge in his own ease. He
considered this as another instance that showed the im-
propriety of Clergymen in acting in the commission of
the peace. In some counties' the Lord Lieutenants de-
clined to anpoint CI as Justices, much to their
honour ; and it would e for the benefit of the country if
the Lord Lieutenants in general acted in the min, way.
Mr. WYNN produced the Act of Parliament by which
an appeal from the decisions of the Magistrates under the
(lame Laws was provided.
Mr. S. WORTLEY bore testimony to the zeal and ac-
tivity of Clergymen is the Commission of the Pine.
Colonel WODEHOUSE expressed himself to she same
effect. The petition was then laid on the table.
MILITARY PENITENTIARY.
Mr. O. BENNET moved for the Copy of a Letter dated
March 1, ISt% from Dr. Hutchinson to the Committee
of the Penitentiary; and also for a Repos t of the Coro-
ner's Inquest held on Mary Brenton', on the 10th of Ja-
nuary. 1823.
After a desultory conversation, in which Mr. Holford,
Sir J. Yorke,Mr. T. W. Courtenay, Mr. Peel, Mr.
Berman Wood, and Mr. Monk, too part, the motion
was agreed to.
COMMUTATION OF TITHES.
Mr. GOU LBU RN presented a petition from the Cler-
gy of the Diocese of ArJfert and A ghtdee, in favour of
the Bill for the Commutation of Tithes in Ireland.
Sir J. NEWPORT expressed his satisfaction, that the
Parochial Clergy were ready to sanction the measure,
independent of the Episcopal Orders.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
COAL DUTIES.
Lord A. HAMILTON moved for returns of the Duties
received by the Treasury for the last ten years on all Coal
carried coastwaYs.--Ordereal.
After stew'words from Lord A. HAMILTON and the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, respecting two
Bills which the Lord Advocate of Scotland had pending,
the Hosea went into a Committee on the further consi-
deration of the Report on
THE BEKAA:OW:IES' BILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER 'desired to.
correct a clerical error In one of the clauses, and make the

price 475. instead 'of 1081. He also wished:tWtrit
clause in page 4, with. oakeiaer ad preventing
being drunk hi gardens and oat-buildings. -
Col. WOOD thonght itadvivable that theprieeshould '
be advanced from 275. to 30s. and the quentity diminished
to 49 itrivla. It was his intention to move an amend-
ment to that effect.
Mr. MONO( said that when he considered the- poor
ip1419.4gr cent. more for their Beer than the rich they
I swept to have it of • quality that would neither disa-
gree with their stomachs nor their heads. The Bill now
4efore tine House was cruel towards the public brewer
without being of any advantage to the country. In
his
lopinion, there ought to be only one duty of 6s. Bd. per
barrel on the three kinds alien.
'Mr. Alderman C. SMITH, Mr. NEWMAN, and Mr. Bs-
MITT (of Wilts) severally commenced on some of the
clausn of the Bill.
Some conversation took place, in which the Chancel:
Inc of the Exchequer, Sir.). Newport, Sir E. Knatchbull,
Mr. S. Palmer, Col. Wood, Mr. Wm. Smith, Mr. Alder:,
man Wood, Mr. Stanek, Sir J. Sebright, Mr. Wodebouei.
and Mr. Newman participated.
On an amendment proposed by Colonel WOOD in the
second clause, that four barrels of beer be made from one
quarter of malt, the House divided—
Ayes, 115 i—Noes. 16 i—Majority for the original
neetion-99.
The Howse then resumed. and the Report was ordered
to be received on Monday next.
Mr. DOULBURN moved the committal of the Irish
Militiaßednetion Bill.
-51 r. SKEFFINOTON moved, as an amendment, that
it be committed that day six months, which after a
short discussion was negatived without a division.
The Bill was 'then -committed, and the Report ordered
to be received. on Monday.
The Union Duties' Bill `rent through a Committee.
In answer to a question by Mr. S. R10E,..
Mr. F. LEWIS stated that it was in contemplation to
continue to extend the protecting. duties to Irish" blan-
keting." in the event of that article being found, by a
trial at law, to come under the description of "drapery,"
which had been exempted in the Act of two years ago.
The Report was theta ordered to be brought up on
1l Monday. SHERIFF THORPE.
Colonel BARRY presented a list of witnesees whom
Ike moved to'have ordered to the bar to attend the 81
Iproaching investigation, into the conduct of the Sheriff
of Dublin. He said that some of these were in so low a
condition of life, that unless some provision was made
for them by the House, they would be totally unable to
comply with its order.
Mr. GOV LBURN said such an application was totally
unprecedented. Every man was bound to attend the or-
der of the House, whatever inconvenience it put hint to.
He was not prepared to say, however, that some allow-
ances would not to be made to persons situated as these
witnesses were.
Sir J. NEWPORT said that whatever inclination the
House might have to ply their expenses when the inquiry
was over, it was beyond all precedent to pay them before-

hand.
Mr. DALY asked how was it possible for a man to tra-
vel with a coach-and-four without money ?
The attendance of several witnesses by name was then
ordered.
The other Orders of tbeDay were tben disposed of.
Adjourned at Ow Otroelr,
111101011lTY
-

---
ON LORD ELLESSOROUGH'S MOTION, APRIL 24, FOR AN
•DDRRSS OF CENSERS UPON MINISTERS fOR THEIR CON-
DUCT OP ?MR LATR NROOTIATIONS.
Present •—Dukes of Sussex, Somerset, Graftth, Devon-
shire, Portland, Leinster, andlArgyle.—Marquesses of Laos-
down, and Bute.—Earls of Derby, Essex, Jers Tenter-
vile. Cowper, Fitzwilliam, Fortescoe, flosford Grey, and
Daroley.—Barons Deere, King, Holland, Foley, SuMeld,
Auckland. Erskine, Credelbane, Lyndoch, and Ellenbo-
rough.—Proxies—Duke of Bedford,Marquess of Downshire.
—Earls of Albemarle, Waldegrave, Darlington, Cherie-
moot, Spencer, Grosvenor, Rosalyn, blinto. Bethorough,
land Viseouht 011fden.—Barons; Dundee, Ysrborough, Caw-
dor, Crewe, and fielhaven.
MINORITY
ON LORD JOHN RUSSILL'S • MOTION FOR REFORM IN
ranitamtss.Axatt. 26.
•
lion. J. Abereronthy, J. 11 Allen, Vis. Althorpe, Hon. G.
Amon, Sir 0. Anson; Sir T. Baring, A. Baring, Vis. Bev.
nard, S. M. Barrett, W. W. Becher, Hon. G. Bennet, J.
Benett, Lord Bentinct. B. limiyon, R. Bernal, J. Birch,
Slut?. Blake, Sir J. Houghey, 11. Brougham, D. Browne,
Sir F. Burdet!, J. Butterworth, G. Byng, John Calcraft, J.
Calcraft, jun. Hon. F. Caithorpe, N. Calvert, Hon. G. P.
Campbell, R. J. Carew, J. Carter, Han. IL Caulfield, Lpra
G. Cavendish, ff. Cavendish, W. Chamberlayne,
loner, Vie. Clifton, Sir Coen, T. W. Coke, N. ft. Col-
borne, T. Creevey, 8. Crompton,' J. C. Curwen, S. Cm-
dock, Colonel Davies. Sir W. Ds Crest:deny. W. J. Deni-
son, W. Dickinson, Vis. Memnon, C. Drunks, T. Den-
man, Vise. Ehrington, E. Ellice, Hon. G. A. Ellis, W.
Evans, A. Farquharson, R. Farrand, I.ord J. Fitzroy, filr
R: Fergessin, Vic Folkestone; Hon. R. Fitsgibboo, Lord
Glenorehy, J. P. Grant, Jas. Grattan, J. Crossett, Sir B.
W. Guise, W. Haldimand. Lord• A. Hamilton, Sir G.
Heatheote, Sir R. Heron, Lind' A. MIL J. C. Hobhouse,
W. P. Hooyweed, E. Hereby, J. G. Heatbeote, J. Hume,
R. Hurst, lion. 11. Hutchinson, Lord H. M. Howard. W.
James, G. P. JOESOISO, T. F: Kennedy, R. Knight, Hon. g.
Lamb, J. 41. Lambten, J. H, Langstott, ft. Latouelte; F.
Lawley,,Sir W. Lemon, T. xi. Leonard, Biel. Lethbridge,
R. ;Amster, Sir E. P. Lloyd, W. Leader, B. Lester, J.
Moberly; W. L. Moberly, Air J. Macintosh, Hon. S. Ma-
hon, 8. blarjoribaoks, J. Marryat, John Martin, M. Mil-
bank, Vie. Milton, J, B. Monet, P. Moore, J. Maxwell,
R. W. Newman, Sir .1. Newport, Vise. Normanby, Lord
Negent,lion. R. Neville, J. Ord, W. O'Callaghan, Lord F.
Osborne, C.. Palmer, C. F. Palmer, T. Pares, Sir If. Par-
nell, H. Peirse, lion. C. A Pelham, J. C. Pelham, sen. 0.
Phillips. G. 111 Phillips, R. Power, lion. W. Powlett, R.
Price, lion. F. A. Prittie, W. S. Ponta, Francis Pym, E.
B. Portman, J.O, Remsdeg, W. Rickford. A. Roberts.
Roberts, Sir o.ltoblosen, Sir W. Rowley, C. Itembold.
Lord G. W. Russell, R. G. Russell, Wm. Russell, J. Scar-
lett, J. Scott, J. Smith, Hon. R. Smith, Lord Stanley, lion,
E. Stanley, W. (Tyrone) Stewart, Lord J. Stuart, D. Sykes,
U. Smith, R. W. Talbot, C. Tennyson, Right Hon. G.
Tierney, Marq. Titebfield, Lord C. Townsend, C. R. Tynts,
J. A. Warre, E. Webb, John Wharton, S. C. Whitbread,
W. It Whitbread, Col White, W. W. Whitmore, W. Wil-
berforce, John Williams, Sir R. Williams, W. Williams,
Sir T. Winnincton, M. Wood, M. Wyrill, Tolled. D.
Ricardo, Lord J. Russell.
Mr. T. R. Kemp would have been in the minority on
Lord John Russell's motion, but was shut out.
Paired off.--Lloyd, J. M., with Littleton, E.; Maticham,
Adm. with Balfour J.; Tavistock, Marquee, with Beres-
ford, ' '
Lord ;'White, Luke, with O'Neil, lion. J.
Mr. W. K. Douglas and Mr. Cumming left the Holm.
and did not vote on Sir F. Burdett's motion on Tuesday
last.

•
ELEGANIP GLASSES, FURNITURI, &C.—The Nobility and
Gentry are invited to inspect the Ware-rooms of COOPIR
and Sox, 93, Bishopsgate-Within, where it exhibited an as-
sortment of neat and second-hand Plate Glasses, admirably
suited to every description of Drawing or Dining-Rooms.—
The prices are just reduced r cent. on Pte measuring
100 inches by 71, and upward Pe ;
and on those la
ofs smaller di-
mensions the alteration will be found equally important.-
-rho extensive preference given to this Establishment Is
thankfully acknowledged by the Proprietors, who, in their
endeavour to evince their gratitude, by manufacturing arti-
cles in a superior manner, at prices suitable to the Sines.
hope to merit a continuance of public support. In thefts.
niture department, is comprised every new and elegant inl-
ets of Upholstery, Cabinet, sod Chair Work, regulated upon
such a scale of economy, as to demand and ensure the pa-
tronage of rank and feshionb

IL-7----rA"---. r----
41 '.
blln
\ ;.111/4.1r.D4 DUI. Ala. ' ; nos.
0' 0..• olbcd .•: ....
.... . 0,,,
.
'.4ll..i.Waterford.• •• • 0 0.. t. me o 0
0....6 & Jersey ....0 11... France 0
.... ;t....Listris I ..o....Flondors .—...
—o:..3.lottenburg 0 0.. <A •
..0
. '‘ DAV AT ONE O'CLOCK.

• *

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS
Reek Stook .....4184 914
3 per Ct.Recl.....
7
I p.Ct.Cous 7731
Si per Cost -
6 per Cents. 96li
New Fours 9lO
Long Ace. l9 i 13-16
leap:3 per Ct

India Stock
Ditto Bonds —s. 38s. 40spm
Ex.13111.2d. (-5 lbs los pm.
10001.
—Mt —I 1 Its 185 pm.
small —lbs 17s pm.
LotteryTtekets ..... 271.195.
I Con.forAeet.. • 7711e

Chit Watesman.

SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 26, 1823.

PARLIAMENTARY 'COMMENTARY.
Tea DUKE or BUCKINGHAM AND FARMER MILLAR.
There was a debate in the Lords, the night before last,
which was of great interest, and which we shall have
to notice on Monday. Last night also, there was " a
little aecount settled" by Lord HOLLAND with Lord
LIVERPOOL ; and as pretty an account it was as we hate
seen.for a long time. That also we shall notice on lids.
day. It is worth " a Jew's eye." It " settles" the
worth,. of the assertions of our Ministers.—But, these
makt!rs must, for the, present, make way for a subj, et
wlach greatly exceeds them in interest. .
LI6ERTI? lii a word,of no very definite meaning. Ire,
too often, make use of it without redectiog much on
' what we say. That liberty, however, is but a poor
thing, which does not secure -to a man the quiet enjoy-
ment of his property. Whether Farmer MILLAR, or any
other English farmer, be in that enjoyment, unless he be
what is called a gialified man, the reader is now about
to be enabled to guess.
In the House of Commons, last night, the Honourable
Mr. BRNNR? presented a Petition from Mr. RICHARD
DELLAR, a farmer of Ilamlishire. The Petition speaks
so plainly, that it would be waste of time to describe the
contents, the shortest way is to insert the Petition, which
is here done, as follows :
To the HOSIOU AAAAA the COMMONS of the UNlTsis KINGDOM
Of GSM BRITAIN and IRELAND, in Parliament as-

sembled.
The Petition of Richard Defier, Farmer, of the parish oi
Easton, in the County of Hants, complaining of the con-
duct of three Justices of the Peace, the Duke of Bucking-
ham, the Re d Robert Wright, and the Reverend Ed-
mund Pouiter.
Most humbly showeth,
That the farm occupied by your Petitioner in the parish
aforesaid, is bounded in some parts by lands of the Duke
of Buckingham; and that the Game preserved by the Duke,
does your Petitioner an injury yearly to the amount of from
thirty to sixty polled'.
That, on the 19th of February, and on the Bth of March
last, your Petitioner was out on his farm, with a party of
his friends (to whom the greyhounds belonged) coursing
Imre', having full liberty from his own landlord to sport on
" the farm ; that informations were laid against him by a
I game-keeper of the Duke of Buckingham ; that, as to the
first day, your Petitioner proved the owner of the dogs to be
qualified, and that, therefore, no penalty lay against him ;
that, as to the second day, your Petitioner was summoned
to appear before a Justice of the Peace, and, to the great
surprise of your Petitioner, this Justice of the Peace was
the Duke of Buckingham himself, who summoned your Pe-
titioner to appear before him, at his house at Avington le
the said County.
That thus, John Roberts, a game-keeper and a servant of
the Duke, stood as informer, and George White, another
game-keeper and servant to the Duke, stood as witness, and
I the Duke himself, the employer of that informer and of that
witness, sat es Judge.
That your Petitioner thus appeared before this singular
tribunal on the first day of this present month of April ; that
the day before, a compromise was offered to your Petition-
er, in the Duke's name, by his steward; that this compro-
mise was not accepted, because the Duke would not agree
to pay for the damage that might be done to your Petitioner
by his game.
That, whoa your Petitioner went to answer the summout4
he took a friend with him to be witness of what might pass ;
that the Duke would not permit this friend to enter the room
until the said friend had declared, that he was neither barris-
ter nor attorney ; that the Duke had with him an attorney,
named Woodhull. ; that your Petitioner wished his friend
to write down an account of what passed ; but, that the
Duke forbade him to do it.
That, your Petitioner could have brought witnesses to
prove that be ought not to pay the penalty for which he was
prosecuted ; that he demanded to have such witnesses exa-
mined ; but that the Duke refused to suffer him to call such
Witnesses, unless he would state beforehand what questions
he meant to put to such witnesses ; that your Petitioner re-
fused to do this ; and, that, therefore, the said witnesses
were not called.
That, upon your Petitioner's entering the room where the
Duke was sitting as Justice of the Peace, lie was, before
any proceedings had taken place, told by the said Duke,
that. if lie uttered one impertinent word, there was a cousta-
ble in the Zoom to take him Oa" jail or to the stocks."
That, thus, threatened in this manner at the outset, de-
"rived of the evidence that lie could have called if he had
Wen freesia to do, be was, by this said Duke, sitting as Jus-
dee of the Peace to decide on an information laid by his OM
servant, lied that, ten, after this justice's steward had offer-
'id a compromise to your Petitioner ; thus, under these cir-
eemstances was your Petitioner convicted in the penalty of
lee pounds,, for being In pursuit of hares on his own farm,
I en which these hares feed, and where they do him damage
yearly to the amount of from thirty to sixty pounds ; and
tike, too, while your Petitioner has to pay a part of those
Ceeherrates mad those Poor-rates which are occasioned by
tiona and puaishments for the preservation of
Thato your bumble Petitioner has heard much talk abbot
the liberty owl property of Englishmen ; but that, to his
plain understanding, a state of slavery so complete as that
Im which be has the misfortune to live, cannot be found is
nay other country in the world; for, though the ingenuity
and caprices of tyranny are infinite, he believes, that in the
stMost wantonness of its insolence, it never before com-
pelled a man to pay rates for the preservation of animals
Abet ate up his crops ; to do this because those animals af-
forded sport ; and to submit to punishment for attempting
to partake la that sport.
That, while your Petitioner was thus treated by a Doke
"slice of the Peace, two Parson Justices treated him in
the following manner:
That, on the tenth of this instant month of April, a ser-
vant of the Duke of Buckingham, having three Dogs with
him, entered the land of your Petitioner ; that your Peti-
tioner 'lemanded his name, which be refused to give, and
refused to give any account of himself whatever; that your
Petitioner told him, that, unless he told his name, lie would I
take hint- before a Ihiagi4trate ; that he still refused; that
your Petitioner then took hint by force, and condueed him
to the house of the Reverend Robert Wright, a Justice of
the Peace, at Itchen Abbas, about two miles from the spot
Where the trespasser was seized ; that the said Reverend
Robert Wright refused to hear the complaint of your Pew-
tionet, toying, that he would not hear, it till the next day,
and then at Winchester, where his clerk was ; 'hat ) our
Pe
titioner went the next day to Winchester, and that then the
Reverend Robert Wright still refused to hear your Petitioa-
er, and told him he must come to the Bench at
Winchester the next day ; that your Petitioner went
to the Beech, where the Revered Edmund Poulter pre-
sided, and where were present the said Rev. itobt. Wright
sod Mr. William Neville ; that your Petitioner now found
that he was to be treated as a criminal instead of as an in-
ijurel party ; that the servant of the Duke was permitted by
