tici-,14 justice to myeaintiments. My esertiews. ow al'
occasions base been far beneath my wishes. When..
I enlisted a gratuitous advocate, as it has been finely
said, I was lot so disinterested and sartessarded as I
you might
.suppose. I felt a deep interest blend-'
tied with the effuse itself.—(Great applaute.).:-.
When you were all so ardent, I slioeld base been
ashamed of myself if I Wire wanting In the best rot-
ations I could make. I feel a strong regard for Mr.
Palmer, and a real attachmeht to the caws which
- be ease forward to sepport.—(Applause.)---If in
, that cause, triumphant as it is, I felt, my heart glow
mith ardour, •it was but the natural effect of the ar-
dour which appeared in all around me. There are
those who have the balenesstrissieit that this ardour
is disloyally ; I deny it. I denylres a libel on the
majority and the beat Part of the People otEngland.
( Universal app(ause.)—Disleyilti.l. ThP principles
on which you bate triumphed are thole est kb placed
the present Family eo-the Throne in defiiuce of legal.
and hereditary siaccessiod.' These who repiesent the
friends of these priuciplei af the erteiskrs of his who'
sits upon. the -Throtilt,.itire elitrthaelvrii ' tbh: greatest
enemies to his Throne; stid.tiribksttecession.-,—(49-"
plaute.)--ent attachment le Ilinelislisst evinced 'by
- • • ...A. oft loft ,
mapportlog the gruniaelpetlitfplis oill'epsedititution..,
To those principles helots, ititoSuiltpdi 414billengp i
ail wan to eliarge Awe- AsibtAllalis . iki ,
aritn I ads°
di
tete a Moroi of the peehestticealr titepresentation
'of the People, a RefOrm suited-to` thelloliitcal ken e.
ledge end iodePendenal'ivhictr.bavw pervaded the na-
tion.—(Aippiause)—Gan •tirie• bet- {led disloyalty,
when an earleiret chimera; a persortio high that Mi-
nisters due not artalist, bill-. 4. Armen the late
, Speaker of .the Iloene of Csameisi, bib': Abbot,
• new Lord Coschostorwasto we to -Wife *ballast.
page of that great and impotlit toitg, wJ .--
.; upon the eaposare of itidiummis *Ms Ofl-corriiilitat,
and on the part too of favoured. Illoistors 4' the
Crowe, said, with Ids charattirriatle snorts .44
• eloquence, that oar Ancestors %rota hats itartoll
from their seats silk lidisitsoloo at sosarprictioesl
No, this language we eto never forget.; uoicen we,
awhile we remember W. softer the desire 'of Reform
to be termed 'disloyalty. ine same infamous course
that was then detected is still promoted in; end earn
Increased. I say infamous, for it strikes at the root
* 'of ill virtwe.7-(.lsplause.)—l agree with- Mr, Pal.
met and the line. mod Worthy Baronet, that nosiest
shades of difference- sboald dimwits** or prevent tbir.
same grand march to obtain the same.grand object.—
'(Great applanse.)—l am, however, more sanguine
'than the Hon. Baronet, as the result of your late In-
dependence and Patriotism. Your spirit was thi
' messenger of depth to the dealers in corruption.—
(Applause.)—lt was for you, men of Reading, to set
'an etemple to London and Southwark.—(Applause)
--i eras persuaded that the same spirit will become
menifest'throughout the nation, and wrest from our
oppressors 'the rights enjoyed by our ancestors, ancl:l
doettoosbyinheritance.—(Applause.)--;It will be for
us, by voreondint as 'well as by our exertions, that
rte are the 'fames of order and truly loyal men. I
trust the Prhtte who roles over os, whether the pre-
sent Regent or am other Prince, will glory, much
snore in being the Monarch oLa Free Peoples
than in being the'tyvent of a universal despotism.
The Liberty Olive 'Press. - ./ •
Mr. Monk, who, thonsit +shwa., has contributed to our enjoy.
coin,, and enjeas set .antes.--((lust applause.) '
'Sir Francis Burdett now retired amid the same de.
Monstrations of enthusiasts which welcomed his en?
'trance. The whole assembly stand'. up, and. spat.
laneously &atilt his health with. three times three.
Mr. PALIKUR rose to propose the health pf one
' who was foresail in the first rank in the catireiwhose
triumph they were met to celebrate ; be need scarcely.
add, that he meant their worthy Chairman. Ile
could sot tell bowmeny miles, how many days, how
many boots, they' canalised together and discussed
the affairs of the nation. He was his constant assist.
ant foe two years ; so tong at least the canvass had
lasted. Many men joined me (said Mr. Palmer) for
in hoer.-.M was always with me. When the elec-
tion cams on, a Committee was thought necessary.
The attempt was laughed at. Our worthy Chairman
was, however, %sodomised. lb was regularly at the
head of the table. In the first instance they cell 4
SS an unfortunate Committee.--(4 laugh.)—We
ersesisted only of six. Neat day the unfortunate
Committee loevassed to bO, the third day to 15(4
nod if the election had continued for a week longet,
the market-piece could not contain our numbers.—
(Muck applause.)--Tba whole was *modes:tad ender
the direction of our worthy Chairman, whose health
I propose to be drank with three times three.—
(Great applause.)
Colonel NEWSURY.—If I have been so fortunate
• k as to obtain your approbation, my best exertions
shall not be wanting to retain it, whether as Chsic.
man of a Committee, as Steward, or as Chairman at
a public dinner. I congratulate this most numerous
and respectable Meeting_ on the triatesib,
_we are met
to celebrate, and I drink all yam...geed health's.-
(Applause.)

The Duke of Wellington, and the hernia who futile under
ids command.
The Marquis of Hating and the Army in I,ndia.
The Vi4ters front the cottony who have hugoured as with j
their company.
Mr. DgANE.-I return yea sincere and hearty
thanks. I feel the highest pleasure and gratitod6 in
commemorating the return of a Member wtio had
the honour and manliness not only to declare but to
print what his real sentiments are. Ode of the
greatest privileges inherited from our forefathers, the
elective franchise, is now brought back unfettered,
unshackled, uninjured. I therefore feel -gratitude
and respect for the conduct that has accomplished
this. The power of the State, the influence of
the Church, the authority of the Corporation,
the occasional rude interference of that great
and mighty body, the Pitt Clob itself, above
all the influence, of smoney,—all died under
your manly and incorruptible ezertions.--(Great
apptause.) The candidate (Mr. Weyland) who
claimed your votes, and was supported by the sari-
btu influences I bare meotierood, for whose private
character I have the highest respect, watt politically a
aeneetity.—(4plhuse.)-11e.took a week to speak
est. They ha had liberty, • freedom, and in!
deperaderice,, 'et ftvit but the rankest Tory-
ism In its, ill.-a(47esitt epitiloge.)—llis whole
&littlest otssifiited fiat and you sbeisdloor
indignation at liurestompt sue to &este* sad en.
slave yea. Yea burst Ns woe the chains forgrk for
your slavery, and the spirit yea bste dliptayed will)

..
