,

THE STATES4AI/4-

great aseembty of the nation. The livrs that would
be lost on this eerasion. ['bite elle Wieder Member
was interrupted by /shouts of laughter, and tumultu-
ous cries ef " question")--
Mr. Jeer failed the Worthy Gentleman to order.
Mr. N. WILLI tats said the danger which would re-
sult feint her 31.1:esty's preweeiline to St. Paul's ('a-
th .drat, :unit strike every man who redected *llion the
prohalile romequences of such a step, but he, thank
God, bail nett e moos, hto encounter it. Beside, the
loss of lites. the complete itarnation of trade was an-
other consieleretiun which ought peculiarly to operate
upon a body of nun who owed every thing to the sur-
er •s In; preseenti et of commerciel pursuits. What
would become of mercantile affairs, and all the bills
n hich would heroine due on that day, if her Majesty
went to St. Paul's : (laughter) Gentlemen might lough,
trio he contended, that in a commercial point of view,
it was is nrth While to consider the effect of bankers'
clerks guits ,r about with bills in their pocket... 'I he
dote:: r W;1, no: i Magina rv. as some Gentlemen might ,
:suppose, fur lie hell himself witnessed a very ronsider-
'• The env: r:d tool.- show'd hi..elnw-wcrm litzlit, able commotion in the country last night, eroiluced by
" And this did homage at the shrine of tight."
the roasting of a beast (iatighter). He had no doubt
Where all did their duty, all should be applauded--
that the mis..:nided peonle whit roasted the beast, were
s% Isere all was excellent, it was difficult to di•tinguish• stiiiitilat.d to that act be disaffected persons in the ine-
We cannot, however, avoid remarking that the taste tropidia.
and brilliant 'of Mr. 3istitiorke'e house, in Calmar- Mr. Jeer rase to ieroliire what the roasting of a
then, drew towards its illuminated front large groupes beast could have to du with the question before the
of people, whose eyes, like the u indou s, eparitled aid' Court ...
o :
ir
• :Jr. S. Nene thoneht the Members of that Court
LI.ANDOrfItV was nil Miltalf 114011 most brilliantly would art more hke Gentlemen if they heard argn-
illtituitieted in consequience of the termination of the meats, instead of throwing obstacles in the way of
orueredi nip ageing queen Caroline. 'I lief:astir Ina discussion.
looked particularly well : Mr. Gouistiene, druggist, 31r. N. Wised vets said he wag the leaf man to travel
lied A transparencies with the words " God save out of the tptestioe. His observations were strictly
the King:" Mr. Bishop's office had it Dynevor" print- in point, when he was endeavouring to prove to the
1 J in large red letters. The crier was sent about with Court :hat it was the object of a certain party to keep
x request from dor deputy bailiff (Mr.ltishop,) for the alive the agitated state of public feeling which had •
/its; auel <See, ries friends to illuminate.
l• A grand display of fire-works in St. Peter's Yard- unhappily exieted on this subject, and to effect by that l
Ant:r.,• it text..-- On Wednesday last this town, as! added gaiety to the scenic ieantv of the lighted Win. means the dismissal of his Majesty's present Ministers. I
well as its iminedia;e neighbourhood,
.were brill.iantly; dims. ill "1111) sPeriwerts •of '• tee and sentiments of i If the Conn saw the question in the mune light as he !
1 :ansiartetl, and %reveal appropriate attesters MU& suit- attachment to utir motet !!carious Queen, shrived them- I did, the answer they would return to her Majesty
ia..le emblems attracted aged engaged the admiration selves in a variety of forms. Its consequence of an I would he, that however desirous they might he to pay
of the varied,. the wise, and good. So universal anonymous pirwaril, canne i upon aorta who partici• her all tine respect, this was nut the proper time to I
were the feelings of the inhabitants of this tonm.ini pew in the-
tat OUf of their insulted Queen. that such a no:mat t happy occurretwe to illtoninate, the agitate the City of London. Tranquillity was not yet
Mayor and Chatuber became gristly alarmed for' the I 'Toured: ;main's% had not yet returned to its regular
ited sponteneous manifestation of juy, on the failure of safety of those inhabitants who might not think pro. I channels, and they should recommend her Majesty,
the late atrocious conspiracy anti unconstitutional pro.! per to evi„„ any in, on the m.„,i,,,, , „„d took ireai I under such eircittitatatiree, to postpone her intended
reediugo, will long, if rot for ever, remain "has" a! pains to obtain sienattiree to a hand-hill a Lich they i procession ta the Cathedral of the metropolis till a tit-
peellel in the history of this county.
Mr. Fear ad l pnblialiett, stating that these a liii slid not siehsseilie ! ter opportunity arrived.
1::,4,411., Madame 1), ra sat, tete were severally exhibited .
1 their names. to preserve the peece of the city, :wuntld I Mr. Alderman Werritmeat rose, principally with a
t rough the streets in 'they. and were at last destined have no remuneration presided their windows were t view of endeavouring to restore some degree of recto
to meat their well.merieet fete on a conspicuous Fah broken; this was 1."11ussell br s"sdh-ri eitioe an Art I larity to their proceedings. The manner in which
I•w s; after ni•ich these wortietea were tonsigned tot of Parliament which contained the Punishments en. this discussion hail been continete I had certainly been
e.e dames. togiithyr with the I lreen Hair and its eon- acted fur such depredations. 'f o forward this .lesireble most irregular and disorderly. The question before
teets--the mote plating national anti enlivening lairs, end a .umber of special constables were sworn are 1 the Court was Pimply this :----A c enominication had
C e bells rine:ote, eel the lirrot mks sparkling in ail I Happy are we to say, that the distlfrets ,I, as they are been matte by her Majesty that she intended to attend
kreetiuns, airily the hearts of free men glowed with termed by the immaculate disciples of teenier/ and good I Divine Service on a certain day, and in consequence
gratitatie to the l'ispoaer of all events, for Lis tignal I order, coteltietel themseltris and their rejotetnen in the of that communication a motion had been made to ap-
ieterposition in reed-vine the character, the inienr, moat praiseworthy manner. . : point a Committee to consider how, and in what man-
&Nl life, et their g ration.' anti beim ed e'nn'ui "In I PJMIOUTII. Nor. 26.--The manner in which the tier they slisield receive her Majesty. This Court bad
N: e esetang began, continued,
and "ii" in perfect' intelligence of the iasne of the ilillof Poirtsvisi l'etiaJ• I nAbing a hatever to do with the propriety of her Ma-
linwiny, and no kind of datuege w" sts'l.'iiiied 1.1. I ties was received at Portsmouth was in di • highest 1 jetty's determination. She had wade up her mind on
trifling a few panes of _lass in one 1"'n", which was; degree creditable to its Inhabitants. I o.m.oli.itely on I the soi,ject, ant :lie Court had only to consider how to
tt.e uslty sine not illuminated ; but the owner, feeling! its arrival it spread with great rapidity, impartioe to Irereive her. The Wortley Gentleman thought that
tie propriety of ;;it lag way to so general •a practice, I the faces, hods of ))) i l aisterialims and eppoaitioniets, 1 ereat tomtits sad disorder would necessarily arise from
fo:lowed the ex.oople of his nelulaletrs, and the po- uuarsrd proofs of satisfaction. The bei.s of all the II the mere eircunisteni.e of the Lord Mayor anti this
p- .lee quietly dispersed. churches a ere instantly set in widen. The merchant i Com t arteniline bier liajesty from Temple-bar to St.
Baecoe. - the Mail arrived at Brecon on Saturday ~,., i
tee. in the various harbours ;magma every ease and j Paul s Cacti...led : lint he would ask the Worthy
evrtOng the 1 ith instant the horses decorated with streamer, which was likewise done in many of tae lientleman, whether any such cumequences had ensued
le:reel, the syttileul of victory.) bringing the joyful street,. 'the victorious laurel and white levoars lave from fernier proceeaisans, at Lord Nelson's funeral, for
mews of the tepid:atm of the Hill of Pains and Penal I been exhibited in profusion, and on Wetinestiny night 'natant's., and when Ilia present Majesty had been twice
ties against our grecient Queen by the Ilona..
.of there was au extensive illumination, all whirls thief, received within the City-ewliether, on the contrary,
Lords, which instantly spread in every direction. The silverly dent marmite the loyel, as well as the lids.. the utmost order and deeorititi had not been observed
Si Ps were immediately rung, while tire-works, bon- I pe,,dela. ~eolime.,,, of thee„eeei,„,,,e, on those oliensions ? The Worthy Bent. had thought
etes. and every dem ins/reties,: of joy acre manifested The di„.o„,tit„r„f the Hill „s pains and pewee" proper to enter into the motives of her :Majesty, an i
it the most enthusiastic manner ; a band of music I was tingled in Duch, it 4 at Plymouth, with the sinctireat lied declared the object of the persons who had advised
played sever d time. rotund the town, and a very nu- • gretulat' , being brottelit here be the mail un a'nit. her, to he Nolely to keep alive the public feeling in
mating and respectable party met at die Swan lim, day inornine. At iiielir the hells of Stoke chard* I her Majesty's behalf. For his (Mr. W.'s) part, he
;retire the evening. was spent with the greatest convi- I run • merrily, which ea. termed, at intervals, duriug thought her Majesty had aniple reason to return
v:elity ant good humeur. The Queen-her very able the et hole of the hollowing stay. 'I he insignia of vie- thanes to Almighty God. for her deliverence from a
Cuttnsel, 3leaars. lirmieleini, ice.- Lords Grey, Er• tort- soon began to elicit. theneselvea in various shapes wished and cruel persecution, unexampled in the his-
ee:ne, anti the other Noble Peers and Gentlemen. her and in all direetions. In short, it is impossible to tory of this or any other tenintry. Ile commended her
Alejesty's friends, were drank with th • highest :toil describe she exultation and joy manifested on the oe. Majeaty for it. lemlonbtedly the public feeling had
count loth rnnaed applanee. on 310t01.0 morning, the
canon. been rewed in her Majesty's behalfe-the public feeling
Leitts 'Ado. several churches were set in motion, and I F i
tunenonse, with the eereption of Emma-place and had been to save her 3lajesty; and as long as she was
cair!intmi t!...i rt a milt I peale until a late hour at night ; Duniford•strert, vied with its sister towns, as far as persecitted—as lung as the ante of power was raised in
took a very brill; tnt and general illumi oat ien place could be expected. in (tiep)n-Ole tokens of its rejoicing, hostility against her, the people would centinue to
Oaring the evenine, (ni.li the exception it about a by an illutiiiiietion iei Thorsitiv reenine• aml other shield anal protect her against the malice of her per-
t:user: houses); several lie-twilitl trensearenries were pr sots of popular satisfaction, n-bielt were wholly serum; s. Whether the determination of her Majesty
exhibited, and many ; ppropriate sentence* adapted to devoid of any thiug offinisive, either to individual!' or in the present instance was wise or !melee, was nut the
the ticiesion : the music played all the eviiiiing, and to property. queseien before the Court. It was merely, whether she
every thing passed off in the must peaceable el:inner I - - !should be received with those distinctions and marks
possible. 'I here were aev.iral bonfires in different parts COURT OF (7111-11°N CGUSC/L• iNsri 21. iefiespetit with which the Consort of the Sovereign Lad
-sae--
uf the town. where Greer Bars, 'tiara full of reorta- always been reeciveil ? He hail no fear whatever of
(in continuation from THE ST .Trcu xY Of yesterday.)
isasprprr, hoisted on I. ng rho, wet,. consigned to the any tumult taring place. The temper and good feel-
__
juit destination of the devouring element, together THIS QUEEN'S KITENGANCE AT ST. PACleti ing which the people had uniformly shewn throughout
with the effigy of that pi.k ef dorm& roma.% Mire Mr. Feue.i. having moved, that as her Majesty the whole of the late pnteriditltrS, 11'44 a sufficient an.
Pets, fherroat, alias freelde Eaten d re. had expressed her intention by a Meesagei to the Lord swer to Any arenniiitita founded upon apprehensions of
B tTTLi.—Y9II will oblige many of your fielders Mayor of her intention ti-attend Vivito. Service actit. that motile. The people had shrove' that temperate
Leos by :noising the rejoicings of this little town. Paul's Catlesiral sin Wednesday, Nov. tlk it be es" and calenleting ilispos:tisin, a hieh proved that their
tee the eiening Of the arrival of the wrirtone news of solved that Ilse Lord Mayor aged the whole Coarsest- opinion itt favour of her 3lejeaty arose not from any ,
te.• Queen's acquittal, the Chtirch bells rung a cheer- tend her 31ajesty ten that day, and that a Speer-AVMs,- sitilderi ebullition, but foam a deep sense of what was
ful peal. the Abbey gnus were fired, and Its lofty miller be appointed to receive her Majesty in a suitable due to the justice of the case. They had acted, as he
testers brillimatly illuminated with swing lights, b manner. trusted they always would art, when they saw an art
order of Sir Godfrey Webster. The effigy of Majoechi Mr. Heecomne suggested as an amendment, that of oppression 'militated-obey had stood forward man-
atee; exhibited with a Greer) Hag at his hack, and after an the Aldermen present du attend in their usasorine fully in behalf of the intended victim, and rescued her
being made:Ply expoiwil, was hung in chains--a gowns. from time bands of her uppressors.--(Citeerr.)
betel of musici a bonfire, and other ibineeti ttrations of I M. reveth acelieseel in the suegestion. He had 31r. Cittemc and Mr. (64M rum supported tile
j..i., distinguished the :dela. t sot specified the niazarine puns, hitt left that eirento- titan.
ewea.te te--.The grateful intelligence wag received 1
aial open as .a matter of taste, which he was ono. no 31r. atote thought the simple question was, whether
IMP' on Sundae last, and the following nt./f Ill•!!! Mall Alderman ',mesa would hevefeiled to exercise on such the queen should lie reerived a ith the bottom?' is hills
u-Lerei) in by the merry peal• of the bell-, discharges !an occasion. had always been conferred upon the King** Consort?
of eanacui, displays of white Lis-ours, he. In the even-I Mr. N. Witeetate toatentled, that the measure was Mr. IlitoNee thought her Alsjesty wmild have been
i fee a de huusto were lighted up, brit to smell relied.: pregnant with the greatest danger ; and he was fort's- better advised, and that the intenests of religion would
~
(In Wedeestlay night, !emcee's a britliatit atilt (it ith lied in that opinion: by the admission of her 31ajc.71 hare been better consulted, if shelled abstained at this
few exceptions) general illumination took place., andt or her Majesty's advisers; that Sunday eas not suit- moment from such an act of ostentation. Snell, bee.
mistral traneeeteneiest appropriate iti.criptione. Ike. I able, in uonsesittenee of 'tbe great
were exhibited. The inhabitants paraded the streets' who would be collected from motive's of curiosity, aid question as to the course which the Corporation of
in large nseetohliiia, admiring the cheerful scene whieli the tumults which would reliably ensue. Nu doubt London ought to pursue. ead he invited they would
eve ry direction presented : and we have Mr pleasure I thonsands would assemble on this oceesionr tool what never be wanting in payino the proper marks of Isis i
to :add that no accident. nor any instance of disorderly a aititetion theater Magistrate would beire—(LaeglS: spect to any branch of the Illustrious House of which
cortluet. occurred. Precantionary measures were ter,)--Did they wish the Lora Mayor to earl in-tsvo or her Majesty was so distinguis'hed a blenther : Queen '
but any appeel.to them . three tegieleate of dragoons (cries otnieeissily Whet Abe was, and a.s Queen she was entitled to all the pe.
atiopteid by our Magistrates,
was tendered unnecessary by the praiseworthy conduct could be, her Majesty's object ?-tiurilei, 0
.e.e) , ' )ieges and distenctions belonging to that exelted elk.
. , . , Mr: Ccetthil said. the WOrtler *eirell;erishil ire eljlit. )rt. It tas imputsible tsar her Majesty to please
of the populace. . • .
At lioalmiu, the hells were reng..on the arrival of. Tto itnpate.satutives Si. liii-Majwity: . eOry 'bpi j, and hi **did think it estraliely an-
kh: N. WiLLlOril colhiihdifek tlia die" to....iiintla fig-......- i' sir th,ritefglitjesty's *baring chosen Wednewlay,
the mail, on Sunday ; and eanepting duOng the tinsel
of Divine Service. the merry. peal .was . collifried thy Iter.ll;rjr• tr#o. ticitio.. iti,'„ilpy.'44efte_AVld_.
_owl.- l._ :at.' ilinese.ee.nl4 ja....sqmia• —y. far . tiki ooh. of rabni
tleteqhont the slay. On .Mousing .the greatri putt of i• tue to* of 'theithabVtants'brthbttle br lendlosi, ItBr 4 - ft • -.urged . „ as avetuneat
- _ ..
as inhabitants mounted white cockades ; ant!' Kepi the unfortunate agile which had taken place as AI against her,

ti.l convivial manner ; and at the close of the illu-
Jnination, every one pursued his way home, with the
grAtitirAtion of haying witnessed a s Veer, not only
joyful and harmless, hnt truly magnifleent.----N.
A printer of Kelso, wbu hn:l incurred the displeasure
of the populaer, Iris burned in Ile had the
h•sour, in this disaster, of Lord Sidinouth's ro:.!rnny
-- his Lordship being summarily executed in lihe form
a id manner.
ttum %NT a n universal illumination took place
twre on landay night, in honour of this important
event. The town ex' ibited an unbroken mass of light,
and the earird et hells, hurzas, and
fcm.r-de-
,,i,. nisnifectvil •11 • aril,•!:t exultation of the inhabitants
at her Alaie,tyi r. ,ape. Several bonfire:l, each of
which hut its CO.:.:111,..1 I:Int device, blazed in different
quar!ers'.of :he too:: ; on one was sea II a tire, a neg.!
tilled with lir s:wpers opposed to tare Queen's inter-1
ust ; while oh another a gallows rested, with a per-1
.iured Italian witne.s 41,11 v; ling by the neck. All the'
towus and Cirui.irthrusbire were lighted i
up,---evrn

were displayed in various dirertions. On. Tuesday
evenistv there sreneral divplay of fire-weeks; and
on Weiln •silar Hie lit many of the houses tech
the joy and elsoltatisin %vas as general as it
was unequivocally expressed.—lt should lie mural-
bereil that the Noble Patron or this li,brongli 'ides!
for the Hill of Pains anti Penalties in even• stage of
the proceediiit-.

A :OUSTS RIXEIVED SY THIS DAY'S POST.

&LEM, Nor. :I.—Although the sews respecting
the failure of the mliou. Rill of Pains and Penalties was
received in this city with enthusiastic expertness of
joy, we cannot •t to notice the degrading apa.hv,
ter rather malevolence, a hich displayed itself in *con-
siderable portion of our fellow-citizens—among whi
we are sorry to say, were many whose hizli of in l
situations should have stimulated them to sand 10-r-
-oma in the ranks of a joyous multitude. But. titriii3g
from the few ni,o hive th• dial!' of slavery. if its links
are gold, we will view the many who, regardless of
the conflict's frown, proclaim hi the world their !a-
ired of injustice end oppression, hr celebrating ti at
event which,
of our country, every true Englishman runt hail with
rapture. Agreeably to anticipation, the parish of St. I
Sidwell's illuminated on Wednesday nightlan. and
lover was loyalty mere apparent :" with very few els•
reptions the windows were tastefnlly deierated with.'
laurel and white ruses. trausparenries, and various de-
vices applicable to the occasion; the bells merrily
ringing, and an excellent band playingrsardtead
other favourite airs, increased the pleaqs*.orithe
evenine. On Thursday the city was I*ltutligind,
in a sq le far exceeding our enpectivion•; and 1,010.
Bret that our limits will not :11!un us to rartilitioilki
the various transparencies, mottos, ac. exhibited on
the occasion.
