JAMAICA GAZETTE.

K iNGITON4 OCT. 15.—A smart shock of in earth,l
tinike was felt in this city and its vicinity ou Sunday
evening, a few initiates after six o'clock.
Two days previous to the• sailing of the Talbot
from Carthagera, advice: were received there fro
the interior, where hostilities had ceased, of a large
• sum of money being on its way to that plate, which
had occasioned a considerable rise in the Brice of dry
goods, and there was every proegeot of tftdebecoass
fog very brisk.
Gen. Do Medina, one of the Cosintissioners from
the French Government to the Island of St. De;•
wino, lately proceeded thither froashence. .7
--;eal of the Manly, a varie of re.•
respecting an expedition to'
island to the American coast, bat
transpired on the subject. The
believed (and which seems to bel
number of vessels of easy draft of
is that *beet lOW see, In.
. leeelerwat, ens to be dbpatc‘
East Florida, bliss whence tbiy
the Indians ander Colonel
• Woodbini,lNelreasive °Orations-la thet aeighbeer.
• . bed. !limed-Ibis be het,. there can be littledOebt
;of morale, tea. NM ilsitlabliave been by every means
- ..aviating.r.abaniVlSeeilbille with arms and amerani-
Ilea, endikil blekhasits Tory fortunate in all his plies
~ . for the esmoyenee of the Americans.
' The MAO frigate, 3tl ,gees, arrived, at' Car'
.
gee; on the Ist instant. tree aniodees ,
:,.. • . ,Theines's• By . her eatesitte,ans,
.f. 2 leseo-
F. ... I from Hatifem, aids. Mier Wad, .
• ': ' 'II If" after Imo* Mai 10
: i rneficarilliip IP'earockiat tlarbenta :- -
Sand.
sand moored her, alter a chase of two hours,
.daring which the former fired her stern, chasers,
which killed ale and wounded eight of Le Rhirs's 1
.crew. The Rhin and her prize had 'arrived at Ha-
..lifaz : she had separated from the fleet under the I,
Warrior's Protection some days previous.
1

VitEAP WIN EN AND SPIRITS,
• FOR READY MONEY.
Old JAINIII4II Rom 154' "'I per Wee
Old flaitripc Ernady - 25. OIL •
• •--

TII6IIOSON, 94, Holborn-hill,.ite .Sf.'i• .) ►
title or: *ore 'ammo character, au.
$ .7e Andrew!' Climb. without assuming ihe
syn., Company—Wine Eniporium—Wine Magi, &c.. the basis of peace, or the cnnitnnirtioeof theirlit
Ihe ruteniinit of the l'n, lic to his very low Peters for tbs.'
`lO be
jr Seems, however, as if 116:
choicest Wines and genuine Spirits, for Ready Money only ; 1- the result*
rind to his anrsiceier method of improving his Ruins rod lAtnesiten Governaiat has made pretensions thee*
Brandies, by inialag several Puncheons of different elinice
Pullers in large Vat.; whereby a seiffeaqty of flavour Is pis. 11th accord with the demands of Great Britaia ;. they
l duced, and thepirits are softened and kastta?cti•—BY " Put, agfeiire the concession of maritime rights, which do.
ern peculiar to houself. he imparts to his llagioll Bin; n flavour
and softness avowedly unimitated and unequalled; and his t not accord with the views of Great Britain. Thee&
Part Wines also. by n judicimn incorporation or several prime
Vintages receive a softer and more delicious devour than two lareIare the reports in the best informedcircles at Ghost*.
rw.ihir be alit:ruled from nay stogie vintage, however excellent Nov. 2/3.--The latest accounts from Ghent deb,
qoahty. Fair tha.e however, who may prefer their Wines •
of nay single Vintage. 'S. T. has a selection ;if the most aL. that the English and American Ministers are sonsids-
terzrt. ratio. io..divbiesing, a
nßteetcittilf.agr.4 wnelnln3ast.nWclninin:ta
nce lemp.oy
employed that they receive nobody. The day before
themselves of Ate superiority of his Alders. by purchasing a ! yesterday the Americans sent a note to the Engiish
single Bottle of Wine. or Spirits before they gise their Orders.
Dim. Gal. Legation, who dispatched a Courier to T•ondon 041
Port Wine, Vintage 1812 Ur. Fine Brandy 21.. Oil. same evening. Thengh nothing in general van be
Pri tic P.ort old id Wood 455. Very old Cngneae do 9.35. Oil.
Choire dn. !at Crusted 45x. Old Janniieu Ruin 15s. 6d. I known concerning the difficulties which exist between
Fail do. Crusted - Sir. Fine lintionds Geneva 24.. N.
Very Old . Si.. Gum! iwi,h (Au od. the negociators, it is tit* first time, since their reel•
nor sherry 4ts. Very Good do. . 9.. 4d. I deuce at Ghent, that we hear from good aetherity
Choice do. - 31.. Very lira Cordial do 10s. 811.
rime Wir,t indidlliaileira 66.. that it seems as if the course of affairs gives no hairs
And all unser Wines and Spirits equally cheap and good.
of the conclusion of a speedy peace intwll,Preet
B. Polemic Entrance op the isdiniaing Gateway.
Gerwlers, Errand Cart+. and Wisiteum, pees the dent howdyr firitaia and the UaMed states. •
Ytl o.itry Csitirkorrs. rensittiug eke mow,i.
Gie, wilt be rnit“tylifirrtitriSedr wit: 1r tew sTra•• •
w•ient 4t.:44praari
*tit Ittuu.i win 1w returned' a, atis, inr Casks auli Betties "bra We have also by these Mails and the 'French Pa.
sent back.
Pohlman' will lad it roach If/ their advantage is purchasing pars, which are received to the 3d last. a variety et
es shove. accounts regarding the situation of affairs on that
Brest theatre of ambition—the European Continent.
The Intelligence from Vienna is of serious dates,
and to the t 2.1 ult. The opening et the Congress
has evidently been retarded to an indefinite
period by the difficulty in adjusting the several
plans of aggrandisement which the Confide.:
racy of Kings there met have been exercising elk
fancies upon. These are now said to be suspended
in consequence of the Powers who were so very soli.
citous of taking under their protection other people's .
property, having discovered that the natural guar•.
dians of the coveted goods were neither altogether
dead nor asleep. The very thing that ought to have
hien prevented has happened. That abominable po.
,icy which preaches up the necessity of erecting a
strong balance and counterpoise to the power of
France, by invading the rights and independence of
the smaller States, and under that plea annihilating
their existence altogether, has had the elect of de.
cidedly attaching to the French interest the one half
of Germany, and she therefore now has the
honour of giving a check to injustice in the very,►
Powers who boast of having sabdued all her energies.
The Allies, if we mistake not, have got iota a very
ticklish, and not very creditable ,predicament, and ;
to increase the causes of easbarressment, the most
cordial understanding does not seem to prevail among
themselves. Military preparations are,every'wberej
gciing on with the greatest activity, as such
cases, under various and the most specious pretexts.
Poland seems to be as much a stumbling block. ail
Saxony, the deprecated arrangement regarding the;
latter being, no doubt, a consequence of a similar
previously concerted disposition of the former.—
Thus those Sovereigns who professed to have war.
red upon popular principles, and whose snacesses
were entirely owing to the todentanding that their
cause was that of mankind In general, have it least
the appearance of standing salf-convicted of attempt.
ing a moat criminal delusion, and vs.' acting upon Is
wider scale the part of the oppressor whom they
have overthrown. They and their people fought
against a common oppressor, and they were, there.
fore, victorious. For soak victories the wins of coo.
gratulation was universal, and roof when doom I
the Allittid Sovereigns, ;n an their declavatiees,
sisted upon the rights and skims of mankind is go-
neral, and appeared, Is the livid, not so mock the
vindicator* of their ova sovareigaty, as the Cep-
tains and champions et injured nations. Heave pro:

Ar►.

.11ai4.

S_
.
.
0r.r.110.
1
Uoislooeupwdike 6.. AlMMati

Of 51100/11 THIII DAY AT OKK O'CLOCK
Y! 91 Liam Ana. 141 3.16
!•per Celts Nat alis India Boa& 16 n
S per Ceti-. Ova. Kitekeeper itill, S p
4 per Cents St 11 °minim 1;i
pos Cam Navy Cook& fur Ace. 67

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

TUESDAY, DIECTIISISR G, Isl 4.

Two Dutch Mails arrived to-day, bringing as
from Ghent, by the way of Brussels, to the
30th ult. in the present agitated state of the public
rind, whose attention an increase of rumour on the
subject of the American Negociations is at present
directing to Gloat, these accounts will be perused
with peculiar interest. The proceedings of the
Negotiators are esidently approaching to a crisis,

but whether Peace will be the issue is yet un.

certain. It is satisfactory to perceive, that
. there is stilt ground fo; hope that tranquil relations
array be restored. There is, however, reason to fear,
that the demands of America, have encreased in pro-
portion to her late successes, and that any peace
which may be concluded in the present lowered
state of our deg may be considered as disgraceful.—

We are not entirely of this opinion. Our Ministers
mare certainly covered themselves with disgrace by
the rash and unprovided way which they foolishly
took to subvert the national' independence .of
America, and spread over the ,Western hemisphere
the despotic influence of the esent European
system ; bat the Navy of England, which has with-1
stnod the combined Powers of Europe, never bus, and,
never can be disgreoed, for its inherent valour has not
suffered any diminution. We have, indeed, lost a
few frigates, froth the shamefull neglect of the pre-
siding nautical iticiard; ►ut the ignorance anti in-

attention which have wised thine lames ore to.

petted Instructions by the Fixed, the
answer to the dispatches carried to America b 11 ,!.
Dints. On the other band, an English messougei,
coming from London, arrived at Ghent the nightfhe.
fore last, who had orders to travjd whit's!, poctible
speed. Since these dispatches have bee. eeceivedi the.
negotiations on both sides are niMirsrd to be. ex-
tremely busy. We think welanfairrrn, with pod
reason, that the uegociations will .0.0.11 assume "a
*Lena agreement

clearly established to permit even the vainest enemy,
far less the infant, navy of the limited States, to be-
lieve, for a moment, that ovr naval power waseo
rrippled, that we must submit to anything. A clew

THE
_STAT MAN

view of rust dealing end our true litlerests willl by, ended theehmthate discomfiture of BONAPAIM.Aiii t
'the establishment of amicable relations with a ems.. Wu, fillitill etPoChttion of so many thaitsltaidel '
.
try from which we might never to be sepetetal lo• tengtess at Vienm, national mud popelii• lights .
crease also, as it consolidatessoor national adeastages ipeeM still be held In equal consideration with the '
cl; glory. Could Greet Britain perceive hie net *time or interests of Sovereigns. :The futility or;
interests, she would allow that the only solid meant seseli an expectation is now too apparent. •No sootier
to maiolaia her maritime ingot**, against .1444"*..ae1s all their fears of the former Conqueror extie.:l
Mivatioes of, the
Cootirteutal Powerivirettieebill. Aegetielted, trap the means by which so unexpected -a
4
firm and honourable league with the of ilberatioo was accomplished are forgotten: the Des.
Netmithstauding the diffesemees, whisis ' isom of the Continent &trimly look with the apathy t
• ' ....those States into a connection will Framer et logratitede upon those popular and national rights,
iltristete eater:illy our pegmatite, alike. The tad: fee which they had, while the result of the great 1
earflaps derivable from sloth an alliance are known to sled, animism Struggle was yet doubtful, solemnly pro-
thenescautile individuals of both meanie to be reel• hued to contend. Without consulting the will of any
ilifecal ; and if encouraged by the Governments rifle* people, however enlightened, these Sovereigns are,
they would grow into an iudinoluble bond of *alio, solely occepied with the transfer or extension of donii.
While the Eamon Pomo, are forming ClMMiNfbe alone and the unauthorised appropriation of States, '
dowel despotic Gontrosemitea it ought to bet.ollo.. which have for centuries • been independent. It is :
slums *Noah great illielikleillintes as Great Beibln 1 Impossible for the mind of man to figure to itself a
and America, to leslialeeteledemetur eingeolal to awl more degraditig scene, than that which is at present
free and independeiifi-ammietet;o4lscir imped ling lin action at Vienna. Absolute Princes are there
cosimigiono. By :so doing ,h„,), wield ~,,„t „idyl traffieling with one another for dominion over the
[maim
hat
eon maritime and cosmertiel gnat.' inhabitants of the most civilized quarter of the I
OM, het they emillid sneak the increasing knew.. gleise.biergaining for people by the million, and I
ledge amtiodareaell i lava of the human race. ' even purchasing or bartering States, by a valuation
• t
The toile ire the articles we limy raljtive to :of the quantity of five human stock ,thet easy coo- !
the Negeedelleseei. tainl--Secia a scene, and after such campaigns as the '
, two Wit, was not 'within the limits of human inagi- ,
' Milton. If despotic Princes, in the nineteenth cen- I
tory, retain so many of the features which, in every '
(maim age, have rendered them unworthy of the
Adence of mankind, yet surely, at the termina-
tion of a war, which derived its 'success from the
stionfolicacy of popular principles, the subjects of
ail. Princes, who became soldiers from the desire
it (lberty alone, 'might have been expected to have :
deleted a part in their deliberations, and to have :
bed A voice in the disposal of that independence, in ,
the name of which they bad been summoned to battle.
But so far is this from being. the case, that those
very soldiers (such is the evil of military systems)!
are now the servile supporters of the transfers and
appropriation of the Monarchs who called them from
their homes,' in defence of national liberty.
Infect, the whole of the, proposed arrangements
of the Congress at Vineasiktoeili Oppearances, are
upon the plan laid down bytTilt. roatos, 'previous to
`Ms - Invasion of Russia. Ju :before• that memor.
able occurrence, a treaty was made between FRANCIS)
and the Emperor of the FRYNCIII in which it was I
agreed, tbst potent] should be established in its .in-1
tegrity, and:bestowed upon a Prince of the House',
of Acmais. It was to wrest from Russia her por. I
lion of the Polish territory, that Austria consented
to join the arms of BOtfAPA RTE. The Confederacy
of . kings now forming in Germany, is nothing '
more than Box&e&wra's Confederacy of the'
Rhine, upon ' a wider scale, and with the ac.
imatshio of the King of .Gomi 13krrAis to the
I,fitch of titular Monarchs. The more we content- !
'plate the plans now in setae', the more distinctly ;
htbelhey appear to in &medlar tin consolidation of
s great man of slavery : which, should they be sue- I
onsful, will throw back the national improvement
1 sad the independence of mankind in Europe, for 1
:l centuries yet to come. We were never sanguine in
our expectations of the precious boon of liberty and
disinterested regard to national privileges and bappi-
mess, from men who could at any thee abet or submit I
to the invasion of these from motives which could'
not be doubted, and even when it was imperiously
incumbent upon them to give proofs of virtue and
devoted patriotism. We recollect these are the Sore.'
reigns] from whom the world has been expecting so
much, and we are not disappointed.
We cannot sufficiently deprecate this unjust and
absurd policy of adding to the power of States, who
till their own safety impelled them, never even '
showed a friendly feeling towards us. The impo.
!icy of our consenting to the sinking of the free Ma-
titian States, who have, on all occasions, looked to I
Great Britain for protection and trade, into huge I
despotisms, must be evident. We ought particularly
to dread Prussia becoming a greet naval power. Pros.:l
sia, say the apologists of political robbery, must be
elevated into a power equal to keep all France in '
awe. There is, a despicable hypocrisy in all this.—
The cession of Saxony to FREDERICK 'could not put
that Monarch in an attitude to awe France single
handed. The first stone which France threw against
an empire, patched up out of such materials,
would shiver the congregated. fabrick of feebleness
into, atoms. _There Is no one power on the Cott-
finest
•
that contributed so essentially to the log._
graesdisentent of France, as Prussia. She stood by
in cowardly connivance at all the inroads, and
outrages, attempted upon Austria. She deliberately
witnessed all her herd and ineffectual straggles to
preserve the great debauches of her Empire. She
saw her cat down limb after limb, without syinpa-
.thy or commiseeration—thinking to preserve herself
by this acquiring the friendship of the destroyer!
mad when she in her turn, was forced from her last
shelter and equivocation, to fight for the name of
an empire—after she bad sacrificed the substance of
her independence—she fen, like a child, as though
was the
asfereert
ziogretdhebeggbeingd
hatreihtewignuobll
eedbprhtenielvibecepleygeise to,wearshhies
from the mere terror of the blow—her monarch
France; and, could she have
the mere geography of her situation with
others, would, la all probability, have been the I
to rally against her. ' the Fresich'reply to the dec.'s: I
Agee et !remit, preview to the ease re amd .
coca. ,
yetis d Mss by the former, is a chain of

Mango, satiny proascuci
Since the arrival of
...-,.., moors hart been afloat
.r. • •be sent from this Islani
• nothing positive has tea
report generally belie'
A
t trangthetied by a semi
salter being required,)
chafing the West India
4 sd to t. Aquatit, En
, -. "iN co-elevate with
_ _ _

1 rill" Carth.- Ilitu;sn as Nny.140.4•1. Ml'Nihau', secretory 4: two
/Woes settlitft , A_
lentekse of the li.. ' .. • 4"tit . - , 'l4
! niti • I
tat!, aLe &Ws , Potelkie, Afefir Oat , ~, _ , ton
an ht with the [Londe'. On the 24tb, in thosTlAl4: .74110011110 i form
aof Newfound- Ministers 'received auoiher *Weil , rate lonipet. :con!
i ..
