TREATY WITH SPAIN.

Mr. Wti.Kru. of lieorgiamt, submitted the following
remlution

Resulted, That the President of the nailed States he
requested to cause to be laid before the Senate any in-
formation he mar possess. (and of which the public in-
terest does no% in his opinion. ;respire rovwealment,)
r..lative to the late trealr between the 'niter' States and
Spain; whet;ser the same has yet been ratified on the
part of Spain; and particularly, that he be regnessed to
state whether any information has been nreived front
the Conn of Madrid since the date of his Message to
Congress. at the commencement of the present Session ;
whether he still expects a Minister from Spain; and at
what period may his arrival be probably expected.
Mr. Wigs. of New York. submitted the following
preamble and resulu:ion for consideration. which, bring
read, were, on motion of Mr. Walker. of North Carolina,
ordered to lie on the table : . •

Whereas slavery in the United States is an evil of
great and increasing magnitude; one whirl) merits the
gre.tteit elf 'rt. of this nation to remedy: thyrefore
Resolved —That a Coustuittre be appoi tr.l to inquire
into the expedivnyy of devoting the pubiic lauds as a fund
for the purpose of
I. liniplot•ing• a naval force competent to the annihi-
lation of thy slave trade.

2. The emancipation of the s!ares in the (Marti
Statr%; and

3. I 'oloniximz them in moth way a' shall he caralliejes
to their comfort and happine.o4 iu Aids a, their mother-
count ry.

IN:TRACT TO TIIE EDITOR OF TIIE 11% i.Tiwolut PATRIOT.

DATED WASI:ING roc, EKII. I.S.

" I am unahle to throw any light rot the subject of a
Mission to Constantinople. It was very seriously thoaglit
of Ivy tiovernmen!. at the last Session, and the person 'd-
iode.' to in pour publication was talked of. It has not
been, during the present Session. a subject of conversa-
tion ; and as there is no proposal for an outfit, I shoul I
suppose the plan had hem; relinquished : hut your in.
formant has. perhaps, better information on the subject
than I have. It is a fret that Commodore Bainbridge
will visit I •oristantinople. I have nut been told that any
prrsuii is to accompany him.
Dispatches here been received frost NlndsJ. n-
minim are afloat as to their rontents.—A t:ehinet Cabal
ril sat on Friday. The silence on the snhjert, by the
Nleurb,.rs of theAdministratiom has caused unfavourably
surmises, as to our affairs with Spain; lint 1 am rather
inclined to think that the dispatch is not of very great
importance.-

CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
MIDDLESEX.
ST ITE or THE POLL THIS O ‘,A AT II LE-P IST 12 o CLOCK.
KAT • r01.i.. 7erTAI..
By NG
Worroncto
NIELLibot

WF:STMINSTER.
STATE 0/ Tine POLL TIIIL 1111 T AT TWO o'rt.orx.
O v's ►OLL. TnTlt..
Sir F. fiLRDETT Yil .. 4141
Mr. llonnoLsr -411
The Iluu. (1. 1.AUR.... 33irs • Nit •
- t • •'
WEATMORLINP.—SIONLI Y Ilf/ONIXO. MILFPI ST 11.
Iltougham • - - - 973 Cul. Lowther - - • S9O
Lard Luuther - • - ;151;

PRESTON, M %Reif 20.
S3llll. llorrorks. Esll. IWO J. 11'iIIiams. Esq. - 1.136
F.:4w. !funnily, Eq. 115 I 2
Mr. Henry Hunt - 1091

The Devonshire contest, which, it has been expected,
would be one of the most severe in the kingdom, con-
mewed on Monday. %Ye do not recollect that the
annals of electioneering can afford an instance where
the most rapid polling of one day exhibits immher‘
final to the following. One candidate alone polled
1.•2110 within six, and each stands on his own separate
interest.

Sir T. D. ULAN!) - - - - 1191
Mr. BASTARD
Lord EouI•GTON - - -

One of the restrictions imposed by the Constitu-
tion upon Ferdinand of Spain is, that he shall, pre-
vious to contracting a marriage, communicate such
intention to the Cortes, for the purpose of obtain-
ing their consent; and in failure of complying with
this article, he shall he considered to hale virtually
abdicated the throne. This restriction may appear
harsh and unnecessary : but when we consider,
tint by forming an alliance with a powerful Con-
tinental Monarch, he might be enabled to render
nugatory all the effects of the Revolution, and suc-
cessfully subvert the new Constitution, it will be re-
garded as only a proper precaution.

- Yesterday the Duke of York, as Commander in
Chief, held a lever at his office in the Horse tinards.

Perhaps the annals of Horticulture have never
exhibited a more extraordinary occurrence than that
of the Brow Ananas,or Pine-apple Plant, from which
Mr. Robert Buck, gardener.to Lord Bagot, at Blith-
' field, Staffordshire, last year produced, of the seed of
.one fruit raised the preceding Tear, 725 Pine Plants;
and from another, 321 Plants; the former supposed to
lbe the largest increase of the kind ever known in
England.
It is stated in the Jourart! de Grand, that an Eaglish•
roan has commenced an action against one of the Ant
ibankers in Paris, in order to recover the ratite 'sr a
shawl stolen from his wife, at a route given by the bank-
ter. He maintains thin the inviter is answerable foOilhe
morality of his rests, and bound to pay for objects
Istoien, when he admits thieves into his house!

L EICESTER:

(RECEIVED TIIIR 11ORNIND.)
Tuesday I.:reniny. Viet o'clock.

Between cizht and nine o'clock this morning,
Sir Francis Burdett arrived. here. accompanied by
Lord Denbigh, in a curricle with a covering at-
tached to it. The Hon. Baronet was attended by
a postilion, with servants behind, in a dickey. Sir
Francis took breakfast at the Three Crowns Inn,
and after making a short stay at the above
tavern, he departed to jo:n a hunting park• with
the Berbidge hounds at Qaotndon, about seven
miles from Leicester, and from thence to dine at
his acetate, al Kirby-park. The worthy Baronet
had on his bunting dress, and over his scarlet coat
1:•' wore a light drab great coat. Serenity and
cheerfulness appeared to sit on his brow ; and on
his being recognized by a small crowd at theloor
of the above inn,te rode off amidst the approbation
of the people, and "success wished to Sir Francis."

Mr. llarmer, Sir Francis's solicitor, arrived at
the Three Crowns Inn oa the preceding evening.
Leicester Cattle.

The Hononrable Mr. Justice Best opened the
proe‘!edings. at A'ini Prif,m, 0 ten o'cl4k, when
the Crier of the Court immediately announced, that
the trial of Sir Francis BurJett would take place
on Thursday morning- next.

It appears there is a great deal of business to
occupy the attention of the above Court : among
which, is a tithe cause of considerable importance.
On the Crown Side, the. calendar contains the
names of forty-seven prisoners, principally fur
horse and sheep-stealing, with numerous petty
larcenies. Since the calendar has been published,
it seems a person, in a respectable situation of life,
has been indicted for a rape, which excites consi-
derable Interest.

The Theatre is not open ; but the Chinese
Juggler* are here, at the Long-room, at the
Georg,e Inn, to amuse the Gendenten of the Long
Robe, should any leisure moments oiTer.
In the trial of Sir Francis Burdett, Mr. Serjeant
Vaughan and Mr. Realer are retained on the part
of the Crown: and for Sir Francis, Mr. Denman
and Mr. Phillips; but these gentlemen will only
assist him with their professional advice, as the
worthy Baronet intends personally to defend his
own cause; and, from what we have heard, great
expectations and interest is excited, from the well-
Ithown powerful and nnimated elorenco possessed
by this undaunted and intrepid friend to the cause
of freedom.

l'he interior of the Castle, where the Assizes are
held, has nothing to recommend it to the attention
of tNe strf er; in fact, on the contrary, it has a
mem' appearance : is very small and inconvenient ;
and it is entirely owinz to the polite and gentle-
manly attention of the Sheriff, that the reporters
have any means of fulfilling their duty to the
public.

The only case of interest which was tried, this
day, before that lion. Mr. Justice Best, was that of
Bluntadone against Wood and Shaw: it was an
action of trover between some farmers and
whartingers, for the recovery of a large quantity
of corn. Mr. Reader, for the defendants, said the
whole was a swindling transaction, and the plain-
tiff was not entirely free from suspicion of being
concerned in it, a jobber having got the possession
of the co,.r from the malster, and sold to the plain-
tiff, when he absconded. The verdict was not
given when the post was going out. From its
locality, it excited great interest in this town.

Naltimikunt„Vemday Ere*lag. Tr* o'Clock.

This was A very grand day for the friends of liberty i
at this place. Mr. Denman, the Counsel, was re-
turned by a majority of 33. Mr. Birch was also
returned. It is impossible to describe the joy ma-
nifosted by the populace upon this occasion ; and
the chairing of the Members eclipsed, in point of
brilliancy, every thing of the kind that has pre-
ceded it. The voters walked together in proces-
sion, and the chairs were richly decorated. Nu-
merous bands of music also playing the most lively
ataiseet airs, dedicated to liberty, gave animation
to the scene. Upwards of 100 flags, with various
emblems, also gave an imposing effect to this spec-
tacle. lu the Market-place, which is extremely
large, the populace formed themselves into large
parties, and country and other dances were per-
performed, and kept up with great spirit till a late
period, when Mr. Denman, after dining with some
private friends, left Nottingham to commence his
professional duties on the next morning at Leicester
Assizes. It is estimated that upwards of 15,000
persons were assembled: but not a Blue was to
be seen. It was asserted, previous to the close of
the election, that Messrs. Smith and Rolleston had
several voters coming from Derby by the coach in
their favour, when Mr. Denman, in the most
honourable manner, waited for upwards of two
hours for the arrival of the Derby coach, which did
not contain a single voter. Mr. Denman addressed
the voters from the Market-hall, as did Mr. Birch,
and were botb loudly applauded.

Monday afternoon, a little before lye o'clock,
the Princess Augusta, attended by Lady M. Taylor,
arrived in town in her Royal Highness's travelling car-
riage snit four, from her house at Frog more. Her
Royal Hi_ghstm- drove •to the King's Palace is Saint
James's Park, Where apartments have beam allotted for
her Royal Highness by muntaand of the Kb 'g, when the
Princes; is le Wades,

J Jo
z 2 4
