THE STATESM AN.

This morning the Uuke arrived to review the whole NEXT WEDNESDAY TILE GRAND LOTTERY 'BE-
v! the Natioithl Guards. GINS. ALL THY. TICKSTS DRAW?i THAT DAY
mu.r RR PRIZES. AND, MAY INCLUHE THE •
General Nlnuton-Duternet, on taking the cont. 7ytLt E CAIII rims of atIVVO, Z 911,0,10, aid XJOOO.
mend lieoe, issued a Pluclamllinn by Ito MP:IIIS Cott.
)in the friend: of peace. Ist it lie declares„
that the Representatives, as well as hinsself, hate
'worn never to consent to the return of a Govern•
Meld proscribed by our Intatutions.
Caution have been placed along the quay of the
1:4301Ie a camp id formed at the gates of tae city —.
Thai peasants of the vicinity, and even the inhabi.
trots of the suburbs, ate flocking into the interior
of Lyons with their cattle, furniture, and all they
eau carry off. Every thing, in short, announces war,
though all the world desite peace.

mow.
llaWpirgh • 3
0
U . llolland
0
France

Arr.

PR ICI. or vroutis TUIK
'tam.
3 per re::t Red 5: Gil
per en. 5 it
4 per Conn 72 1;
5 ver Nagy, 85 Sl3l

DAY AT 'INK O'CLOCh.

L-a;. Ann.
India Boob` IS I d •
Exchequer Hii6 2 5 d
thunium 7'
Dingo's fatter. 58 .7Si

PRIV4TE CORRESPONDENCE.

THE ST,ITESM 4N.

A letter from Paris contains the following partied.
lass Marshal Prince Blucher finding his de-
=4llth in the way of contribution, to the amount of
100 millions of francs, disregarded, caused a letter to
be addressed to M. I.sfitte, M. Tendon, M. Rouge-
mont, M. de la Serre, N. Shirer, and M. Kock, stating
that the contribution required must he forthcoming ;
that they, as opulent Bankers, with the credit they
possessed, mere competent to produce it; and that
unless 33 millions of francs, on the first instalment
of one third of the amount, were discharged within
tsventy.four.houra, they would be arrested and re-
tained as hostages for the payment of the whole
asst."—ft was, we understand, farther intimated
to these Gentlemen, hut not, we believe, in the
nape official form, that if any disposition was shon
either to avoid the contribution, or procrastinate
the liquidation of it, they would be conveyed to
Prussia, and .secured in the fortress of Spandau.
In this dilemma, the bankers of Paris, with other
inhabitants, had addressed themselves to the Em-
peror Alexander and the King of Prussia, ap-
pealing to their generosity, and referiug to the
military Convention under which Paris was surren.
tiered, and to the Decl.ration by which the Confe-
derate Sovereigns had acquired the affection and
confidence of the French people. Up to the latest
hour mentioned in the letters, no reply had been ob-
tained, and the utmost alarm and consternation pre-
vailed throughout Paris. It may be satisfactory to
distinguish one exception in regard to these pecuniary
demands. The bother of a Gentleman, a native of
England, and settled as a banker in Paris, has been
exempted front every fine in respect to the nation to,
which be belongs. A letter of the 12th inst. from
Paris mentions, that the Duke of Wellington had
taken an active part to protect not only the national
edifices, but to prevent every kind of extortion.—
The party from whom this letter was received stees,
that he has but a small establishment, yet it has been
thought sufficient to justify the quartering upon him
of 11 soldiers; but he adds, 'thank God they are
Englishmen, and they will conduct themselves with
respect and decency. The forced exactions under
the authority of Prince Blucher had not only pro.
(laced alarm its Paris, but occasioned a strong sense- •
tion in many considerable towns of the country where
the presence of the Allied troops could not controol
the public feelings, and in such situations dis-

LONDON:
(AY 17, 1815.

The minor Paris Payers of Thursday last, which
have hen receiver], and from which we have made

copious extracts, have led us to look for the arrival
of the Monitettr of that day, which is wanting, and ;
the succeeding Journals, with no small degree of
curiosity. But this desire has not yet been gratified
(we write late in the forenoon), although in all pro.
bability we shall have our wish fulfilled in this parti-
cular before our Paper shall go to Press:
The confirmations which these absent Papers are
expected to bring are highly important—they are ex-
! petted to place beyond doubt the truth of the long
i c rculated rumour of BONAPARTE'S capture, the cer-
t tainty of the statement that the French army of the
Loire has placed itself at the disposal of Louts XVIII.,
iand that the Austrians have taken possession of Lyons,
—for all these events, and many more favourable to
the Dottiest:or cause, are confidently said to have
taken place. Nl'e doubt the accuracy of these highly
itrumpeted-forth announcements. As to the first we
I have mentioned, we shall observe, en passant, that'
j although all things are possible with nsigh;k and
I. nothing could be so agreeable to the -Crerined
Heads now. in and out of France as having in
their hands the fate of a man who has given tome
of them crowns, and all not a little trouble, ,
there is something apparently absurd, and not
to be expected even by the ambition of toy-
!.
'alty, in supposing that the late Emperor of -FRANCE
• should be voluntarily surrendered to his enemies
and the enemies of his country, whilst his ablest
and most faithful adherents continue to direct every
act that is done in the name of o,e Government—
whilst Follette is Minister of the Interior, and has
the direction of the Police, by whose means chiefly
we must suppose BONAPARTE would either be dis.
I covered or allowed to escape—whilst the fate of
France yet hangs in doubtful balance, and a political
battle remains to be fought as great, perhaps, in Im.
penance as the conflict of Watetloo. The existence
of BONAPARTE at the present c f isi f , and the possibi-
lity of his return to the command of the French ar-
mies, supposing that may never again happen, must
; be of essential advantage even to Lours himself ; for
I though that possibility may be made the plea of clip-
ping down the territorial power of France, it may
also have the effect of restraining this clipping dispo-
sition, so prevalent among Louis's friends, within
something like decent bounds, for fear of conse-
quences, of which the most puissant Powers of the
Congress are so apprehensive. It is the policy of
weakness to borrow vigour from another's strength
—and this we perceive Louis is at last consenting
to do. The friends of the nation ought ever to be
those of the Monarch ; and his throne is built on
sand, his sceptre no better than a distaff, or the in.
strument of a tyrant, who seeks to rule apart from
the honour, the interests, and the real friends of his
country. But the truth seems to be, that Louis
has been ut.der the necessity of placing himself
under the protection of those who alone could ensure
his safety, and give France a hope that she was not
t yet utterly annihilated ; and we err much if the same
men who have lent their aid to Louis, could not,
and would not as readily extend their protecting influ-
ence to the fallen Emperor. It may not be an al-
tvgether absurd supposition, notwithstanding all that
has been sr.itl and conjectured on the subject, that the I
two rival Alo•larchs of Fiance are lodged not far i
distant from one another, and that the French na-
tion will yet have another opportunity (the Allies, in
their gootinesq, will afford it) of deciding beiweeu
them—between freedom and slavery.
Dispatches are said to have been received from
Capt. CocitnANE, offCherburgh, which state that the
French Government announced the important fact of
IIoNA rAtzor Os arrest on Thursday morning. The ac.)
count received at Paris en Wednesday was, that Bow
NAPARTE had disembarked from a frigate in Roche- I
fort Day (in consequence of three English ships I
cruizing in sight) at the Isle of Rhe, where the bat-'
teries w-re occupied only by 2or 300 invalids, and
consequently were incapable of soy long resistance!
if attacked. From the non.arrival of the Moniteur
of Thursday, the public have been led to conjecture
that its publication was delayed by the insertion 'of
an official article, announcing the arrest ; but had I
• the circumstance taken place, we think we should I
have had it confirmed through other channels before
now, particularly as the telegraphs are almost con.
stantly in motion, and this is an event which our Ali.
nisters would have very great pleasure in announcing.
The return of the army of the Loire " to their
duty to the King," which has been notified to the.;
National Guards of Paris may mean nothing more

.u~ ...r

than the return of the French troopi towards the
capital, where their presence,• and the discharge of
".• their duty to the country," seem to be imperiously
necessary for the purpose of *Ding or restraining the
rapacity and atrocities of the Prussian soldiers,
though their Sovereign is on the scene of their extort,
Lion and depravity. Every one but the advocates of
crime and remorseless, uteliitingaishing itthomanity
wall read with indignation and disgust the amounts
which are given both through public and private chan-
nels, of the respect paid to individual as well as to
Ipublic property by the Prussian soldiers, and their
.General of Faro-loving, as well as fighting celebrity.
They not merely seem to consider the property of the
!Parisians who were so kind ns to atln•it them into
their city, in the hope they would pay some respect
to the Convention by virtue of which they entered, as
their own, and partied by conquest, het as if they
alone were the conquerors, as if the victory of Water. I
lon, and the subjugation of the military power of
France had been entirely accomplished by them ! as
if the downful of the man against whom they said
they alone made war gave them a rigit to oppress and
pillage the country. Blucher is said to have de-
manded of the Bankers of Paris 33 millions of francs
as an instalment of the 100 millions levied on the
city of Paris, nod in case of nott•payment has
threatened to send three of the principal Bankers to
the fortress of Spandau. Here is deliverance,and disin-
terestedness and magnanimity with a vengeance! The
wretches who exclaimed so mach against the exactions
of Bomerasere, a* loud lu the praise of thisconduct.
It would, however, appear, that this heroic imitation
of examples, so much condemned, has not met the
approbation of either Lord WELLINGTON, King •
Louts, or the Emperor ALEXANDER. It is men-
tioned to the honour of all these Personages that they
have deemed more than remonstrances necessary to
curb the lawless excesses of this part of the Allied
Army, who have not the provocations to justify
them which the base defenders of such atrocities have
adduced for this purpose. The private letters say,
justly, that the attacks made on the works of public
utility, and the levies on private properly, are in
direct violation of the Convention, which stipulated
'that public and ptivate property should be respect-
ed, and that no hostilities should be recommenced
without ten days notice being given ; and likewise,
that all the remonstrances of the Doke of NVELLING.
Tox, by Whom and his brave followers alone the ,
French were conquered, could not prevail on the
Pressian General to desist from his intention, until
his Grace planted an English sentinel on the bridge
of Jena, and gave formal Dorice that• if an English
soldier were either driven from his post, or suffered
in the explosion of the bridge, Englund would make
his country responsible for the eggressiea. It is said I
also, that the unhappy, dependent, Louis X
sent him a messy.", desiring to he made acquainted
when his preparations for blowing up the bridge
were completed, as he was resolved to place him-
self on the centre arch and perish with ii !--
A A King who could say or do this is not deserving of
scorn. But what must be the. feelings of NAPO-
LEON, the French army, and the French people in
general on hearing of the intention which could give
rise to such a resolution in the mind of Louis ? •

The French Journals concur in saying, and
evident pleasure is expressed at the thought, that the
Prussiau troops are ahnnt to quit Paris. If the ac-
counts we have had of their conduct during the short
period they have been in that city bestrite,-it is high
time they were withdrawn. • •
CAIINOT, the able, the intrepid, the consistent
CA ItNOT, has been ttv ice offered by Loirti, the con-
fidential Office of Minister of the !Mellor, and
he has as often refused it, doubtless ,because
Louis has refused to rule according to the principles
of the Constitution framed by the Representatives of
the People, and because he forsees any Govirnment
not founded upon these will not be permanent in
France. But the name of Louis may be here used
improperly instead of that of the Allies. We verily
beliete that Louis XVIII. is not half so stubborn as
he has been represented, and that experience must have
taught him what is the most eligible, and the only
way of consolidating his Government—but that
although he were willing to give the French peo-
ple such a Constitution as they desire, the only
way of securing his throne, his good friends the Al-
lies would not allow him to do—for eith what face
could
.some of them grant this to France, and deny
to their own subjects, and those whom they have en-
slaved, the rights and privileges which such a system
of Government would gitarantee ?—and thus the
world is doomed to ba " fighting still and still de-
g and the restoration of Louts, as he trus,
will signify nothing. •

Mr. SILVESVER, the AlevsengeV, arrived on Satur-
day, about 12 o'clock, aith Dispatches from Lord
CASTLEILEAGII.

Lady CASTLEREAGII received letters on Saturday
from Park, and in consequence her Ladyship is ex-
pected to leave town this morning, accompanied by
Lady MOUNTEDOCGMR, Mr. WILLIAMS, the King's
Messenger, and her Ladyship's dotneitics,
