Tl-1E KTIA'r CW4I A 4

organs, and to ley the foundation of a dreadful Ws.
loose of locatable end intractable disorders, laying
prostrate the most herculean frames, at a period whets
bnlis mind end body eight to exist in their fullest
vigour.

hese now replied to the whole of your cieeries,
I hope end I rug satiaacimily —env Worn to hi-
therto with my family is • sufficient demonstration of
my seritilhellli; fremohat set alone wtere torch's's,
inferences may be debuts, thee from what has been
w titles.— Yoe es, revisit fogy,

.1. PURSE.

NAVAL INTRL LIG RIM

DE L. MAY 2 —Cann down fres Oir River and
sailed. the Active, Brow., for N. John',, N. B.;
the Carroty, Boon, for Disarm ; the Laos*.
Cowie. ditto; the Amelia, Stag, for Belfast ; and
several akar. names unknown.
Four, I'. M.—Arrived sad ►emalas, the London.

Campbell, tram China.
Vise, P. M.—Th. Canning, Paiii.rson, from
China, has jest hero in pidlit and will .bout Ina the
Do WII4 before the ebb lids nos kai.

PORTSMOUTH, MAY `2.—Arrived the IVaterlon,
Moore, from penult, Cam and St. fleleos ; sailed
the '3sth of Dee., 42J Feb.. and sth March. Left
at the Cape, the Marshal Wellington, from Bengal;
the &trope, from ditto; the Petseverannt, (rein
China ; and the Sinister, which vessel had flee feet
water le her hold.—The Charles Mills, Jackass,
free D►n`al, has broeght ep at Cowes.

FALMOUtM. Arai L several vessels
bound op Chaenel.— Arrived the Chesterfield pocket,
with Mails, from the Leeward Islands, lost from St.
Thomas's, in 31 dens.
PILYSIOUTII, MAY I.—Sailed his Majelty's sloop
Ern., for the Coast of Africs.—The Tender bo.
lnngiuj to his Majesty's ship Superb, brolght in this
morpinic I'2 hogsheads of wine, part of the cargo of
the galliot Ariedne.

LIMZUIIid as ras SYSTEM or JESUS!

Yesterday Mr. Bowe reeotnesi leelurei on the
above eohjed. at his New room in Etest.street. before
114 fb Nocttly of Civiiragiox ;" a Iseneiolmo instils.
lino. which we understand that Gentlemen bee eita.
Wished. There were fell 300 persona present, who
paid the most marked attention to the lecture; mad
if we mar judge of the effect upon other. by what
some of our (*fiends experienced, we enema but con-
fess that It will excite public attention. and contd.
bete largely to the dissemination of attend morel
principles. We ere sorry that we can give bat a
briel notline of the interesting lector..
ILi stated the principles and rom.::•inns by which the
Members of she Association which Mr. 11 instituted
ere bestial. lie invited ell who were convinced of
the defects of ear present social habits, alld who felt
any wish for their improvement, On jolts him rind his
brethren in ping nut from their united
(Bove sod efforts, a remedy for the manifold and
obvious evils with whirl' society is as present aut.
mended. Those evils hail been *scriber', by rash
judars, to the system of doses; this was tool true; Jesus
of Nitzsreth son*ht the temporal es well as them/4111ml
good of mankind; he used the same kind of endeavours
to imPreite the social and intelligent properties of man
BB bed been used by Socrates, Epicurus, by Cato. and
nitwit, whose names hid became so justly greet on
account of their wise and humane endeavours to
keigkiten the enjoyment of human life. They heard
mach of the wisdom of our ancestors, and the excel-
lence of the institutions which they bad bequeathed
to es; bet there was no truth in Ike position. What
hod modern institutions done fey as its tho diffusion
of mental light, more than had been done by the
Greeks ? What benefit, what imprososurnt, bed
seders systems added, independen‘t of the Iwo cir-
eomstences, time end 'spelling?. to their system of
science, either in legislation, literature, natters! phi-
Insophy, ethics, or arts? The true was, that the
Greeks, by their public schools, disputations, and
lecturing, had pot mankind to work in tho way of
thinklog, whereas modern Institutions bad a ten-
dency of an opposite mature. Experience had den.
Inped some truths to oe, which the Greeks could not
enjoy. We lied, for instance, ertprised a reason.
able disgust for domestic slavery ; bat then we
had only broken the bonds of personsl sob-
jogation that we might make the minds of eiety
more thoroughly dependent ; thus no men al.
lowed to possess konsledge or lodgment ,it f
his person or affairs; he must submit his bed
the management of a physician, his affairs to an a sty
torney, and his conscience to a person. It was not 111,
the system of Jesus and bit Disciples, from which ,
inordern institutions were derived; it wee to the iLitlot
Ronson system that they owed their birth—that sys•
tem of arrogance and selfishness which caused them
to endeavour to mike the lin•id a prison, whereof
the gales sod bars should he the moomains end the
seas. For this purpose they compacted a ss stem of
delusion and fanaticism from all the superstition and
bed feeling of the times ; to this they added the
force of Corruption ; they taught the sanciaished
their isngesge end their leauries; anti made
them proud of those poisonous indulgences. which
destroyed their notional existence and their men-
tal independence, and hence the enonsaloos end
incapable systems of law, science, and happiness
with which we were surrounded. This was the re-
verse of the philosophy of Jesus, and instead of
going by his noose, ought to be called Constatitinis.
nitro; it toss the system of Rome, of Constantine, of
Avicola ; end instead of winning oar onenquiring
esteem, as being the result of wisdom and mailable
design, ought rather to be counted as the dregs rif
that military doesieseering which had *Dirtied end
perverted the track of knowledge, and multiplies'
confusion end misery tbreegiseet Ike wend.

Our Fr►ncb Ambassador at Paris is said to She
chiefly cold collations, as 6ring is dear in France;
sod es his Escelimey employs his time more in pro.
'Weed meditations than in seeing company at his
Hotel, it is now called " Le Desert Diplomotiquc
TOR Duwe or YORK'S COUNCIL.—S4IIIIIIII the
Duke of YoRK held a Couecil upon the stele of the
KM/ in Windsor Palace. It was attended by the
Archbishop of CANTIIIVOY, the Archbishop of
You=, the Marquis CAMDEN. the Earl of WINCIIEL.
SRA. Lord Amoco and Lord ilaut.v. They delivered
their Deport of the state of his MAJKSTY daring the
past month, and were sworn to the correctness of it.
The Royal Duke and the Members of the Council
treat to visit the Kiac, after width the Council
broke up.

Yesterday the follneinq Ilalltitin of thestate of his
MAJESTY eSr exhibited at Si. June.'s Palace:—

• Wondnor Cattle, Hay I.
" Hi. liburite•s bodily Itontith ronotoones In he goal, nal
be kieuertolly ID cheerf•l .pinso, hoot hit hi iJ Leer'. di•orJer
411 regiseeekhod.
.4 HENRY it 111.1.0 RD, N. HIILLIE,
" W. II EHER LIEN. R. W I LLIS."

DRIOOTON, 30.—Th. PRINCE RtOtNT is
rectswering in strength daily, sin) in comet:le/men the
Bulletins are discontinued. Sir M. TIPRNICY re-
turned from London list night to att►nd his Royal
Patient, bet finding his Royal Highness sn much ion-
proved in healt►s he departed again for the metropolis
at on early beer this morning.

ROTAL ACADMII.—Tbe Royal akeedessirilns pee
!brie anniversary dinner to their Patrons, previously
to the public eabibition of the paintings and sta.
teary, on Saturday. The company comprehended
persons of acknowledged taste and teal fur promoting
the liberal arts toe numeroea to Insert. Their testi-
mony in favour of the eabihition of the year was
high its its commendation. Portraits, as usual, pre.
dominate, for the social affections of nor roan.
erymen lead them to preserve the resemblances
of the objects of their love, rather than cover
their walls with specimens of historic or of land.
Abp. beauty, however valuable to the 'meteor. --
Mr. CALGOTT bus a mognificent'illitodseni.e, futl of
interest end science. it iv a scenelo Mr. I
Montt has three fine Landscapes, which he has
ted with his usual skill fur effect ; but we shell
have time and leiseie to speak of the various, and die.
find merits of the several artists. Mr. WE,: has a
fine sketch of the Resterredion, and another of
Gases reading the Motor" of Alexander's Exploits.
The Ezhibidon consists of nn less than 1450 per-
formances, the greatest member, we believe, that hss
ever been exhibited.

LAW INTRLLI6IWQR.

COURT OF CHAOCF.RT. Nail.
ILTN, *slum V. roc EAST INDIA COMPANY

The SoLicitut•Glisalta& thla day mated to II!
Court, thit the Defeedauts, few •Isem he was Coe.,
del, had, after the ant mature deliberation, resolved
to appeal to the Hattie of Leak trait the decisioit
Oren by his hardship; as they were eatrowiely •esi-
eel that a question so istmtvelitse In reify lieu, tit
the Pahlic shoold be folly end impartial, discuss/41,
to set it for ever at rest. lle was instructed to move,
that his ',welshl.l) would, in the mese tie'', Woe •ts
order to restrain the ['hint& from taking any mea-
sures against the Defendants pending the appeal.--
Ile was cosines that this motion should be granted,
because the Defendants had been versed WWI Ilatier
'hut the PlehStiff would this very day. •rapirry hid
Sat reyort to enter the premises and make their va-
luation.
the Loan CitANCtLtott.—When an appeal is
once token to the highest Court known in this coun-
try, it is to bie presumed that, on both aides, there
shall be on proceedings till the tribenal appealed in
shall base derided the Case. To me It is pecte.iarly
pleasing and satisfactory that this appeal haa taken
place, as, in a cjaestion of seas vital importance,
shall have the satisfaction of knowing, that if I as
wrong, I shall be set right by their Lordships. As
a matter of courie take your motion, for the Mein.
tiff must not proceed daring the appeal.—Stotimit
granted.

FORSYTH V. Lancs.
Thegoucyrnst-Gcunt.thand /drab:nem. moved
for an Injenction in II is case, to restrain the De-
fendant from selling ire-arms with a patent lock in-
vented by the Plaintiff, who Is a Scotch Clergyman.
The Plaiatiff, in 17P9, invented a lock, which area
by porcelains', and obtained a patent for the inven-
tion. It had since been imitated by two persons of
the names of Menton and Vickers, against whoa►
actions had been brought, and damages recovered.
The Defendant bad sold a very grist number, and
ins at present preparing a nertstior more, in cow..
titmice of a great d►mand in anticipation of Septem-
ber nest; end the Plaintiff ass of course desirous 14
stop him in time.
Mr. WINGFIULD, on the other side, contended,
that there was, in this ea.*, so invasion of the pa-
tent, as tbe locks differed materially in the manner
of going off, one linings find pellet, sad the other
a moveable one.

TIO LORD Coascat.t.on, who seemed mediamns...
with the case, examined via guns ■od t•e pistols
strected ou the potent end on oh, alleged alter*.
-ide by the Defendant. lie then said, "Take
the lociion you 1110,11 move for; bring your ac-
tion .
....-ster in the King's Bench; and the moment
the Defendant has plesded, let me know, as I theta
shall spenk to she Lord Chief Justice In here year
trial on as soon as possible, in anticipation of Sep.
'ember. I know a little of shooting myself, end
should be 'Miry to rob so holiest sportsman of its
pleasure."
His Lordship, In the great amoternent of
crowded Court, tried each of the guns sepsrairly,
ripening an earnest hope that they were not loaded.
