Tilt STATESMAN

„~

,PLAYA INTALLAGENCE.
DEA c,R5018..-.Arelvird and remains in tbeDowns,
the Mountaineer, Jefivrsom, from Shields fur Ja•
oaks. ,
Porm.-mowrit, 18c---Arrived bis Ineyesty s
ship Pheasant, from Plymouth ; Viper cutter, from!
a cruise ; Concord, II oltis, from Waterford ; UMW.
able Victoire, Fortin, from Cheihurgh; Elizabeth,
Need., from Jersey.—Sailed his Majesty's ship Red-
wing, for St. Helena.; Retrench, kiwi, for A-
maim ; end the Defence, Borodino, Albory,Wysion,
` Brilliant, aitit John transports, from Spithesd, ith
troopt en rk•
slistato.' ss, DCc. 18.—Sailed the Baring, Le',
• fey Ness South Wales.
11ARwictt, DEc. If; —Arrive() the Lord Nelson
packet, with a Mail, &c. from Holland.
LMOUT DEC. 18.—Arrived the Avon, Swain,
• from Alexandria in 59 days ; and Robert and Mary,
.Aswell, from Waterford, and both proceeded for
LoAdon. Two English vessels had arrived at Amu-
afrulria (names unknown) from Gibraltar, the day
before the Avon sailed.—Sailed a few vessels for
'London; the Olive, --, for Havre ; and the John,
Nichols', for Youghall.
GRAVESEND, Dec. 18.—Arrived the Mary, Swan;
Cameron, Kiel ; and Dituntless, Edwards, from
Ant werp.—Saiiini the Marianna, Morris, for Smyrna,
Arc.; Posey Hall, Head, fur Baihmkes ; Fames
Ann, Cummings, for Cape Coast, Africa; and Au-
Jots, Harrington, for Cork.—No millings yesterday.

~♦

r

The Providence of Plymouth, Power, bound to
St. Michael, in going into Cruothaveso on the llth
inst., ran on shore on some rocks, bilged, and suck;
'asterisk saved.

BRIGHTON, Dec. 17.—This afternoon that Pains
BEGUN, inspected his stables, and for some time en-
joyed the eqnesteiew exercise in the Riding-school.
This morning, the E*rl of YARMOUTH and Mr.
CROlLia.Crater/ to the Adnikally, left the Pavi
lion for London ; and this afternoon Lord WILLIAM
and Lady GORDON airived here. Oer fintionable
promenade on the Steyue this afternoon presented an
exhilarating and brilliant scene, and considering the
near approach to Christmas, its pedestrians were
snore numerous than similar perinds have witnessed.
The band of the 35th regiment, by playing favourite
and popular tunes, contributed greatly to the ge-
neral pleasure. The air here, for this advanced pe-
riod, is remarkably mild ; and sheltered as oar town
it from the keen north blasts, the sue has even now a
genial warmth towards the cliffs.
Accounts have been received from Ceylon, by
Madras, of so late a date as the Ist of Jaly lest,
which represent that the unhealthiness in the Candian
country has been as great as it was in 1803, and that
tunny Earopeons had title!' victims to the fever.—
lt is also reported, that in consequence of Ceylon
hating been placed under the Ecclesiastical Jurisdic-
tion of the Bishop of Calcutta, many alterations
sill be made in the situation of the Government
Chaplains on that island, and that, amongst others.
the Clergy will not for the future be permitted by the
Bishop to hold any civil situations; this will more
particularly affect that Chaplain, who P.W. in adtli-
tion to all the offices which lie holds) is superintend.
ant of the pearl fiThery.
The new Comedy of " '
A Word ofr the I.( dies"
vies repeated last night, when some intlicieut -
tailments having been made, it wa' received with lea
opposition, and announced for a third performance
this evening. The house was very thin, even at half
price.
Seventy vessels sailed in the coarse of last week
from Wkiteharen for Ireland,

r

v

• • K- er•~

;~
a,

•

LIBERTY
ow ris . f'

--0111104.-
Lord Csmllereagle.-wite dillOthi C•sele, is wet. if we woe
rely on rumour, very high Is agibres emotes the wiser part of
satiety on the Cuisine*. It Is publicly bedewed, that be has
Ripen a decided Iseisies Wiest the toadies of the Liberty of
the Press t or, he other words, that be is willies to ere it re-
main clogged and framed. as it there is, to pk the folly of
see• is power. The motives of his Lordship may be gend
Illmsugh ; bet as his empathy and knowledge are very limited.
the motive is of little value le the ealcolollea 0 the injuries, the
necessary consespaseces of each an npishes, if carried into ef-
fect, His Lordship is sot a philosopher: his understandlog
scarcely reaches to the level of third-rate men, and his acquire-
mean do not raise him higher in the scale. ['heed in a Ante-
date which excites surprise, totally incapableof judging of the
future from a profound view isf the paw: unable to trace the
causes, wso measure the effects of ill gemeroment. he is great
*sly ammo' the little me:ears. which glimmer within the pre-
cincts of royalty. As well may a bet. on the cupola of St.
Paul's, message its repairs, or erpeeketenel its imprint-meets. es
his Lordship duvet the spirit of the times. piemote the genera/
welfare of she 'talon, give vigour to science. renovate the sett.
city of commerce, greatly reduce the burdens under which else
(*entry labours. and, by out compeeheasive glance. survey the
cusses of the deelise of empiric. mad learn to arrest their career.
In an period of history was it so necessary for Mooned's' to select
for their counsellors, men of more than eedinary intellect, as in
the pretest day; and perhaps in u period of history was there
ever exhibited to the world a greater dearth of talent than the di-
rectors of the femur nations eafortuentely display. Yet a
new light has shone on Fawner; the sea of science casts its
rays over a wider space; seder its geai.l warmth the souls
of multitude* begin to expend, old prejudices are scorched
by its dres and more liberal and generous ideas have 'peeing
sp. To midenymer to blot net ibis sea. or to coace*l its
beams. is a lash as ridiculous, as to try to drown the fele
moos is the ocean, or to hide behind the Andes the mi.,
Itemiser, of day. Armies cannot invest the progress of Images
ledge; ceirawiers and lancers, ia such an expedition, Yea
little avail ; nor Can absurd laws, letended to enshrine despo-
tism in • reeky, prevent the meet" of thought. 'I here is oesnli-
jett more interesting to seantind, thee the Liforefo of the Proses
Fro SIMMS& *WC TUG con Of tee SinSIAN RACEI-
If uathity w ere necessary to support this self evident posi•
lion, o eor might pine! the glorious names of Staehope, F.r.kitie,
Tooke. Price. Priestly. Seek,' Jones, Camden, (:hat..
Mae, Johnson, Hume. Milton. Ise the one scale; though the
friends of despotism may be content with the names of Lord
Easelereagh and his compeers, in the other. They are of the
,same hied wills the former, though as widespert ip all that con •
fere true dignity on human severe, ns the sloth and the elephant,
she lizard a..d the whole. The Liberty of the Press es the
imago( l'reedons. sod where it does sot test, slavery resides.
Iles the,Pioele begiu to hate the name of slave ; and even the
t I is Orman, the dupe of custom, no tuner loves
Wide tbe increase of knowledge, • regard Vr hea-
risellberve liberty has spread; to damp ibis desire. an check this
ardent mirk he effects of whose power are mighty, is the must
erectilel mode of breakier cceptrrs in piece'. sad Inetbling
thrones in dm dust. The Holy 111iaece f Monarchs rests in-
securely on the aleridtment of the Rights of the People; it
Must totter std fall. if she subject deems it Injurious. An
arcs d force to stifle eomp•aiot, and simpers% die murmurs of
the °ppm 41,ceaset to boa machine. when it becists to reason;
*ad as its Pritino improves, it will become the ins, content of the
laws, and mow it has heels, the eugine of caprice nod re•enge.
The day lost appose/les. when the startler-citizen, having
leant lets deny, will perform it, net by bou : sitb.ervience to
the commands of pride, but by willing obedience to the
di gates of the low; and thot,gb. in his military espied y.
be will not tea detiheintive hi mg. yet, in his character as a
eiders, he will thinkMtn, whiCh will Pitc br
iar to act
like a man, and not ID a slays " Then till project.. support.
lag Uovernment by the Award. must yield to the happyword
art
of goverwisig oil ley ek, Power maintained bylthe s
deserves to fall by the sword ; it is wanton in its ape-
ratios—it is enjast in its commands—it is caericious, sod
void of wisetien, and as it feeds on one worst passions.
the greet of wirier never wiligatitst its folly., Force can no
longer usurp the place of right without eitrideamat' : the
actions of Kings and Lonwrors are weighed by the nark, and
noticed by the meanest of mankind ti the veil of divinity .has
been draws' aside, and the niottal is exposed in his aftwool
slate. Start and garters. and pomp and parade, no longer serve
to confer wisdom on folly, or decoratecmce with virtue. Mee-1
sores which. in old time', might hate beets commended. are
now crowned Ate their/ struygonnee. fr 4, e Press martsks
freethe swie
and condition sod changes of society. • emirate idom.;
to beresteielt its kaomitedpe, will let embleres the—mestilkoefilerl
width have been consigned to the tomb. Ucentiousuess will
mix with this liberty. bet we must out destroy the latter, tinder
pretence of weeding out the former. Ile would he a bed bps
bondman, who eradicated his crops. in order to remove the
darnel. What may be termed licentiousness by the fool, may
be a sut.ject of admiration. The exposure of the doctrines of
tyranny has been descried as treason.; be enfolding of the
mysteries of bigotry has twee blackened with Me charge of
,Ithrilns. and philosophy. divine philusophy, has been repred
seated, by the vile and' corrupt, as a turbo tent disturber of
social eider. Whilst mankind are in general improving in
knowledge, Kings and Courtiers must not present a degraded
picture of humanity; to secure their just int. • •ste, they must
guard them with virtues, and surround them with wisdom. If
*loyalty be only distiveuished by foul feeding in the Epitomise
1.131 e; by a silly AM iii hunting htiars I by the happy art of
tambons tug petticoass 4 by a foolish desire fir military gew-
gaws; if it be supported by dungeons and inquisitions; by
plundering Provinces and dismembering kmpires. it ought to
anticipate the mystic writing on the wall, mime, nays, •rutes,
°reunite I

Died. on Seedily weeping last. in `her slst year,
soddenly and unexpectedly, MIS. MART JUKE!,
wife of Mr. Julio, of Lant-street, Southwark, so.
licitor,daughter of the late Mt. AUGUSTINE Si RFIRLD,
of Wokingham, Berks. For many years past she
bad suffered ender bodily afflictions; bat, possessed
of a tranquil and submissive mind, she bore them
with truly Christian fortitude. To her family the loss
.111 be irreparable, and to those friends who en-
joyed her society a source of grief will be felt.—
In all those virtues which. adorn the female character
she stood pre-eirinent : an 'affectionate child,' faith.
fel wife (for '25 years). a tender mother. and, its
benevolence, she needed only ability to keep pace
•oritlielhe charity of her heart, never shut to sym-
tb
• A curious incident occurred on the Royal. Ex-
Otage yesterday. A real boll gravely marched in
soon after twelve o'clock, by the Cornhill gate, and,
advancing to the centre, looked around him with
great solemnity and deliberation. The few persons
who were engaged in transacting business respect.
fatly gave way and retired to the porticos. It was
evident that the majestic animal was merely on his
way to join the herd in CapeNcourt ; but as the op-
pearaoce there of so large a boll, in the present state
of the market, might have been rain to the hopes
of a certain powerful party, the alarm soon
spread, and a posse of bears formed themselves
in the gate nest Bartholomew.lane, to dispute his I
passage. Though great trepidation was evident
among this party, who repeatedly gave way sa. tiled
boll tinned towards his place of destination, they I
fealty succeeded in preventing his approach ; as be ,
kept his post, however, with great pertinacity, trea-
chery was resorted to, and the noble creature, after
maintaining his situation for nearly an hour and a
half, to the mingled delight and terror of the nu-
merous spectators, was ignominiously dragged oat at
the tad of a cart. Some wonder was expressed that
his brother balls did not form a counter-party in his
favour; but ik has frequently been observed that en-
vy sometimes' blinds men even to their own interest.
Eight Inds', all ander 17 years of age, were seized in
the act of picking pockets, and were committed to
different prisons, upon the clearest evidence. They
11/Pfl all suspected to belong to one gang, which is
organized in the neighbourhood of Portpool-lane,
Grey's lna•bine.

'~

4 --, ;COMMERCIAL.
.. —....---
The following Is the' substance of the Regulations
of the Irish Board of Outrns, respecting the con- I
veyance of merchandise by the Holyhead Packets :
The following oracles, the manufacture of Great
Britain and Intend, are henceforth permitted to be
imported end 'sported, by his Majesty's Packets
between Dahlia and Holyhead, on their obtaining a
licence for that Impose :
Apparel for both eases; Books, bound and en-
Mond ; Bests or Figures of Earth or Stone; Cabinet
Ware; Coaches and other Carriages; Cottons; Dra.
pery, new and old ; Earthenware, or Pottery ; Ha-
herdashety, Hardware, Hats, Linen', Millinery,
PU14111041 Plated Ware, Prints and Pictures, Sad-
dlery and other Manufactored Leather ; Silk and
Worstedoin. Tabbinets sod Bensbasines; and Stock-
imp.
No drawback is to be allowed on any article trans.
mitten in this manner; bat the countervailing duty,
imposed by the Act of Union upon the several arti-
cles enumerated in the above list, is to be levied, so
long as the same may continue is force.
The following are the regolatioos respecting good.
outwore from Addis:— •
The parcels and wicker, are to be deposited with,
the Serveyor et llowth, at least one day prior to the
day of their intended shipment, that the Officer may
have atifEcient time to etemine their contents, and to
see IMt the goods contained in them are solely of
British or Irish manufacture ; and an eccoetst is to ,
bi entered in the Surveynet books et Heitth, of thr
partieniar parcels and packages, with the ownet's-
name, marks, and neinbera, that a correvo.onding
number to that entered in the book be alfised by the
Olhoeir, prior to the delivery on board the Packet.—
And prior to the departure of the Packet Iron,
llowth, the Master is to deliver to the Sul %eyor,
manifest nr detailed account, signed by him, &pea ) -
ing the serious descriptions of the parcels and pack-
ages taken on board, *Melt, on bring esamitied by
the Surveyor's books, and found to be correct, is t.•
be signed by the latter Officer, and re-delivered to
the Master.
lietcards front Holyhead.—Upon the arrival of
the Packets at llowth, the Master is to deliver at the
Cestom-house, to the Tide Surveyor there, the ma-
nifest or account, signed as aforesaid at the port of
lading. The goods are to be deposited in the Re-
venue House at llowth, under the care and cos-
tads of the Surveyor there, for comparison, as to
outward bulks, with the manifest ; and the Surveyor,
after ascertaining that the parcels or packages corre-
sponded with such documents, is to deliver the goods, 1
fot the purpose of being forwarded under lock and
key. in the custody of an Officer from liontb, to
,the Custom-house Stores Dublin, there to he again
examined, entered, and discharged, in the manner
now practised with 'respect to such goods at are at
present importable by other Pockets.

The CuA:to:GEAR has confirmed the order of the
M %Irvin of the Rolm, setting aside the award of the
Arbitrators, in the cause between the Esti of Km.
STON and the Countess Dowager of KINCISTON.•
Several men and carts ware employed, yesterday,
in St. James's Park, carrying ice from the coned, to
the Piu WC E agq;NT's ice-bosses, at Carl t on-hmsand
A ilteetestinat of some interest to the Philantitre.
plat (says a private letter from Paris, dated the 12th
inst.) °mum, here yesterday. An Englishman
lost his packet.book, containing more then 10001
in the Rea*. Honore. It was picked ep by a pour
man roasting chattels, who took it to the address
marked. on the cover. The Englishman gave him
only fire francs: but mark the sequel—he foll Owed
the man to his home, his poverty and
good character, and made him a present of 4000
francs, on one condition, that of his keeping the
name of the donor secret.
It is a singular fact, that on most of the wear,
lands in the instil and western parts of England, the
Ifurses have this year flowered twice! the first time in
' Jolts, and again within the last ten nr 12 days.
'Tut SrAtta STRUCK YOUTll.—Yesterdsy Mr.
BIRNSE, while sitting at Bovr.street, received a
message from Mr. S. Kemble, of the Thatre-Resem-
-1
oya
in Drery-tene; informing him that a yoeuth, r
bling ',the lad who lately had left his friends in
Glasgow, and whose absconding from the University
in that city was notified in town, had applied to him
for an engagement. The youth, upon being brought
In Bow-street Office, said that his real name was
James Aickin, and owned that he had arrived from
Glasgow by sea, in order to get employed on the
stage. Upon a question from the Magistrate to hint,
respecting the youth's abilities, Mr. S. Kemble was
compelled to assert. Me. liirefe, titit young'Aickin
had no chances of weave 14 an actor. Mr. Birnie
now advised the youth tw return to his real friends.
Weitcote, the constable, at length undertook the
tisk of forwarding the yelith 'homewards to Glasgow.
The Gentlemen of Mr county are about to resume
decisive measures against 'the iwtolerable nuisance of
public breging.—(Glesgono Chronicle.)
The Court of sestlon on Saturday refused a new
trial, o 6 the motion of the Proprietors of the Belfast
Newsletter, against the verdict of the Jury Conte of
Glasgow. The Ceatirs Were unanimous ; bet we en.
.derstafid that L,etd BULOIRAT and Lord SUCtOTU
meted a 6 opinion that the damages were too large.
Tenser, the pugilist, met his friends at his benefit
in a spacious reioes on Thursday evening, which was
attended by a most reipeetable party of the admirers
of his hosing talent. He amide no reply to Martin
accepting his challenger end stating that his money
was ready at Burn's, is Windmill-street, and which
has excited much sieovittiks the sporting circles.
Fens.—A fire binkliantat the house of this Rev.
Dr. Brown, No. 26; Cefendish.square, on the even.
ing of Thursday, at eleven °Work, which excited
much alarm. The accident was occasioned by the
Doctor setting fire to his bed curtains, but by prompt
assistance in the house, the flames were subdued after
haying destroyed the greater part of the furniture in
the room, without the engines being worked.
Yesterday afternoon, as some boys were amusing
diemsalves on the ice, in the Canal in the Regent's
Park, they discovered under the ice the body of an
apparently tiew•beessunale infant, completely naked:
one of the boys Gaffed it to the Jew's Harp public-
holm. It appeared quite perfect, with the exception
of some bruises on the head.

,„ .
