STA' I'ESNI AN

fill_

Ca•
6Slavery is to vile and -ndampablir an .estate.of POSTCRIPT TO LBTTMIt Vll.
man, and so directly opposite to the generous tem-.' Sometime after this letter went to the press, I
per and courage of our nation, that 'tis hardly to found among my papers, a printed Report of the
proceedings of the General Meeting in Westminster,i
be conceived that. an Fuglishipan, much less alien-
on the 6th of April 1780, which enables me to Matt I
Oman, should plead for it. Thus began the eel°-
as follows: P
brated 44 Treatise. of Government," written by' the
64 venerable Loma," as our Priest, Ist. That. the Resointlen I had supplied from
hostility against his eternal truths, bywsienicseillelss°Petione your Papers, I. 1341 was the third in order; and
4.11U1 that the six omitted Itesolutioes taken toge•
phistry, is pleased to style him. LocKe, by resist•
less reasoning, first exposed the egregious nonsense the, were less similar to those of Yorkshire than I
had supposed ; because idly, the " form of assco
of Sir Itosnwr FILMEIt, for supporting arbitrary do-
elation referred to in, and adopted by, the first
minion, by inheritance from ADAM, as well as by
Raeolutioni wholly agrees with that of the City of
divine right; and proved incontestably, that all
„ London in its second proposition, for simply.
-Government, to be JUST, must be by
common " shortening the duration of Parliaments ;" whereas
consent, agreeably to BaicvoN. In the memo(
'the corresponding proposition in Yorkshire, is, for
his argument, and merely fpr illustration,
' a Bill to shorten the duration of Parliaments to a
and with the soundest sense, the word
PACT;" merely equivalent to saying, that just term not exceeding three years.
Government must
,accord with the principles of the
law of nature; " from which human laws derive all
their force, and all their authority*."
Now I'ALEY having, as it should seem, deter-
mined at all events to enter the lists as an opponent
of Locae ; but remarking the error of Purace, in
attempting to establish his doctrines by particulars,
that fill a large. hook, lie, for a similar purpose, more
sagaciously confined himself to generals; by which,
in the short compass of eight octavo pages of large
print, he gallops to the conclusion, " that the eae.,'l
liest Governments were monarchical; because the
government of families and of '
armies, from whist
arm novsnma EAT derived its institution, and KO,
()ably its form, is universally monarchical+ ;" and
here he chooses to leave the foundations of 4.6 VT*
GOVERNMENT."
Much need not be said on his account of the WM'
by which " subjection to CIVIL eovanamrirr is
I maintained," although it depend on. "the will of a
chiid, a woman, a driveller, or a lueitict." His
I ground of authority, is " prescription§ ;" big
means of enforcement, " standing. armiesll." For
explaining " the duty of subritbsion ,to cum, 110 s
YEKNMENT," after much cavil at, de doctrine of
46 COMPACT," ns never having, in reality,. ;
and a most jesuitical endeavour even to .deny the op=
.he
of that doctrine 44 to the estahlishmeok of
.)ite United States of North AmericaS," although,
as a fact," that grand,,event rtilifd him in the
face,. compelling him to . notice O.; he proceeds to
say,—" wherefore, rejectiegthe ,intepention or
COM PACT [that is,trjecting all notion °Um:lol,mnd
Of those pr.:lnc:Wes Of the law of nature on which
~tolitical liberty depends l, as unfounded in its princi.
pies:And dangerous in its application, we assign for
the only kron of the.sap' obligation, the
WILL OF GO ,ai epllecte ',-;--from. what, think
• *at 9
iOO-44 from Extenteltex., •
Here,• again, this great teacher of " -political
knowldge," is just as " PLAIN and INTELLI-
GIBLE," as us his definition of the Constitution.—
Such potiticiansas Lome, acknowledging the DEITY '
as the author of nature anti the creator of man ; and,
btisequent ly, deriving from him the.huo of nature, and
human reason ; they, by the exercise of their reason,
endeavotir to explain that law, for inculcating 6' po- 1
Weal knou ledge." To this end, they,. in Ibeificst
place, set forth those principles of that law Wbich
are self evident ; from these, in the second 'place,
they deduce other principles, requiring but the Sim-
plest steps of ratiocination for their. .establishment.-1
On these, again, they build their undeniable miasma; ; !
and thus proceeding, as the geoinetrietans, frog, the
simplest elements, build demonstration op.. on.;
stration, they lay the foundation, and car the
superstructure of all their political reasoning; And
thus, as fur as human faculties are competent, they
are enabled, is all that is essential to .".the happi-
ness of human Weft," so far as that happiness de-
pends on good government,, to ahowspecifixcaLity
specifically
what IS " the WILL OF .GOD," which p
does not. The difference, therefore, betifesn' PA.
LEY and such writers is this—Patty tells us, that
this 44 happiness of human life," is a fruit produced
by a tree of " political knee/ledge," growing in a
certain part of an isitellectnal region, to which " the,
WILL OF GOD" is to be our guide; and that '
" every Man for hitnseitU,", whether he can or can
not find either the region or tho guide, must work I
his way as he can. The politicians, to whom PAs.im '
has opposed himself, act very differently. Having
themselves traversed the region lel:pestle's, by the
aid of the guide above-mentioned, and having made '
a plan of the country, on which they have carefully..
delineated the right road, distinctly marking the first
.•
entrance, and then every successive stage, they, as
faithful friends and honest counsellors, lay all this

of the Lawsaud
It is my wish, as
_ letter, to enquire
into the title of PALEY to "be the " political"
mentor, hi our two Universities, of every rising
generation of English noblemen and gentlemen suc-
cessively. - - '
Let us, therefore, ffe what he says on our Consti-
tution itself. it is this : 461 n England, the system
of public jurisprudence is made up of Acts of Portia-
meat, of decisions of Courts of Law, and of imme-
morial usages, consequently THESE ARE THE
PRINT! I'LEi of which the English Constitution
itself CONSIS Es, the sources from which all our- .
knowledge of its nature and limitations is to be de-
duced, and the authorities to which all appeal ought
to be 'Wide, and by which EVERY Constitutional
duubt and questises can alone be decided. 'Phis
PLAIN and IN I'ELLIGIBLE definition is neces-
tast to be preserved in our thoughtst."
flow exquisite, hoW divine, how instructive, this
paragon of definitions! IVith what raptures must it I
have been received by the mathematical Caput of
mathematical Cambridge! As a Master of 64 Me.
mints," bide, 0 Frcetn, thy diminished head! As
a teacher of " Principia," learn modesty, NEW-
, YON ; the palm belongs to thrice-luminous PALEY!
•And resign, 0. half-learned LfTre, the wreath of
"political knowledge," to this superior! Having,
however, ludnlged in this flight of admiratien, let
us now enutlescend to 'count over actual gains in
the political science, from the instructive definition
of thielalitosevlter and logician.
Hij chapter of 44 The British constitution" had
begun with thiii proposition : that " the Constitution
of t coos:Tuts is so much of its Ist* as relates to its!
legislature and its' Courts of Justice." Bat he no
sooner gets us into ENGLAND (for he now forgets;
his British Constitution), titan he tells us quite
ether siery. To enforce and to illustrate that first
proposition, he had immediately repeated its mean. I
ing, though with no very remarkable accuracy, in
another form of words, nartiely,-'—" The Cbnstitu-
lion is one principal division, section, or title of
the code of public la.ws; distinguished from 'the rest
only by Hie superior importance of the subject of I
which it treats." But, as already noticed, the mo. I
ment he gets us into " ENGLAND," he is in !Mother.
tale: His definition of " the Constitution Of.
covseav," which too much resembled that given in
my last Letter, would not, it seems, on mature con-
sideration, do for England.
Attending, therefore, to the PLAIN and IN.
T lAA GI l 3 I, I.:definition which, on correcting him.
selk he gave us of the English Constitution, we find
that the very principles of it consist in thousands
upon thousands of statutes, together with the entire
mass of our unwritten law, besides the iituumerable
decisions of our Law Courts. • What, in nature,'
can be more " PLAIN i" What more INTELLI-
CIBLE? To comprehend, indeed, such consti-
tution, may require a little patience to be sure.
riner's ...lbildpnent did not 'cost hint much more
than fifty years. Could bet, eight or nine ViNLMS
in successions devote to the compilations their indefa-
tigable labours, each for an equal space of time, per
haps Ave might behold the whole of that constitution '
of *tell PALEY has given his " PLAIN and IN.
BLE definition ;" unless indeed its future
animal growth should henceforward continue to be,
as of late years it has been, in a geometric, instead
of ists.nrithmelic proportion, in which case it might
• .7:revive either mere hands or more time. Of such a
'..;Lopostitetimi, what a "distinct, idea" must every
Esiglishinan have! What a guide in argument,
what .a criterion in legal or parliamentary debate);
must such a constitution prove!
I had several years ago occasion to comment on
the nations of certain counter-petitiouert 'Oust
Parliamentary Deform, whose law of the contstitu-
lion, isAiniral among the liberticides, was the
same' es; PALEY'S. A eamelion constitution that
charmed its colour, nay, its very identity, with every
new Statute, I thought a .Most whimsical thing; a
hotchpotch of dicesdaticies and *contradictions, a
medley of innu.naerable items, among which old rags,
kettles and frying-040, were as essential ingredients
as thiOni.isdiction of Law Courts, the offices of Par-
liameiti, or the inheritance of the Crown, appeared
to rue too.absord, to be held up as that constitution
on whiekoveliberties and happiness depend.
To drop, howevers all jocularity on so very se- I
rious a matter, " this PLAIN and INTELLI-
G7131,E1 detiuition" of PALEy once more exposes the
iitassijnce of that empty pretender to " political
knowledge." Of the morality of the gentleman I
`hit I if •• be hat se-11 '

ilfro.-ooeittstrisies iiftheiblire'thrje.
son making the jr&al watt to some the nodes upoti
her ?
Sir S. RowiLLT sdatittell, that did not distinctly

appear. •-)r• • •11(11
The Loan Csßimmipee said, whether this
Edward Perrott, Mr. Cower, the attorney, or 141.
one else, on any pretext whatever, attempted. to ins
*pose to the effect of disappointing the service of
pey process or order of that Court, his Lordshi.
,prerned them that he should order the Attoruey.Ge.
'nand to proceed against all of them. His Lord**
,Sir Samuel Romilly had better take a writet
'Habeas Corpus, and if this Sir Edward Petrov
ahould interpore himself to prevent the execution
it, his, Lordship should hold his doing so to be
very high offence, and he thought it right to say ad-
beforehand, that he might take what care he Could'
to prevent this person OM involving himself in
high a crime.
Sir SAMUEL ROMILLY observed, that the same per.
son was already indicted for assaulting the perieeby
whom the notice was to have been served.
The Lona CUAMCELLOR said, this was a far grftter
and very diffeftut offence. His Lordship took it
I granted, that Mr. Chester was actually and bona
'fide out of the cause and had ceased to have any
concern of any kind iu it; eke he was not aware
what he was about. His Lordship wished to know
was he a Solicitor before this Court ? The childreollt
had been stated, were at a boarding-school at Brio.
(on, but that the name of the mistress of the school
'was not known; that, his Lordship thought, alight
be easily ascertained, and his Lordship should haws
no difficulty of making an oder on the mistress so
bring the children into Court.
In the course of the day.
Mr. WAKEFIELD appeared on the past of Vim
Gana, and admitted service of the notice on her,
through Mr. Chester, her Attorney. The order, bow.
ever, had been pronounced by his Lordship so longage
as the 21st Feb. and the notice had not been served.,
Mr. Chester till the evening of the Ist of March...
It was impossible, therefore, that Mrs. Gallini canid
have been ready to instruct her Attorney ; the par.
ties, besides, were at present all necessarily obliged
to be in the country, as a trial of very great -import..
ance to them would in all likelihood come on at the
Assizes at Reading,. on Monday, the result of
which would, in all probability, have a very condo
derable effect upon the fate of the Writ of Hahne
Corpus, and of the twit altogether.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, in these circums
ordered that the matter should stand over till
day se'nnight.

POSTSCRIPT TO LETTER XIX.
ineertrd on the 2611. ult.
In quoting BLACKSTONE'S definition of LAW, as
"a role of action which is prescribed by some superior,
and which the inferior is bound to obey," I omitted,
• through haste, to remark, that, oti that occasion, the
influence of the Commentator's
.ptofessional expe-
'rience' hod probably prevailed over his professional
science ; for, to his observation, as a practitioner,
• nothing had occurred but the LAW'S coercive power
ever every man, u that of a superior over an iu-
ferier. But the same power it ought to have, and
I Will have, although contemplated under Bitt ACTON'S
Correct 'definition, as " the COMMON 'mu of the
Republic."
In this view of it, the PEOPLE, by having agreed.
to and adopted a LAW, did of course consent that it
should have all this ooercive power, id order that, as
BLACKSTONE himself expresses it, "the whole should
protect all its parts, and that every part should pay
obedience to TICS WILL or THEY waour." • Even
BLACKSTONE'S own definition, had• he at the same
time thus explained it, would have been justifiable ;
since the whole nation, as a republic, kingdom, or
state, may properly be called the " superior ;" and
;an individual (over whom, to the vulgar eye, this
coercive power is alone seen to operate) may be
termed the ",infcrier." Such, however, does not
appear to bete been. the distention present to the
mind of lOtmEsTons, • while penning his definition ;
which, 'tieing applicable to the Decree of a French,
or this Ukase of a Russian despot, could not be a
definition of ".the law of England," which was his
*Object.
Seeing, thee, the nature and the power of a
" COMMON WI;L," which, when once declared, be-',
• comes " totw;"..and knowing, that in every step
'of the piwgressin framing a statute, the business is
done by told* on every disputed question, the
Opinion of the legislators, which several opinions,
when brought tognthet in the form of a statute, and
declared, constitute' a 4i
.wit.e's or• Law; there
should seem to,lie, in effect, no difference, whether
this course he taken by the Representatives'of a Imo-,
' pie, or by a pinple themselves.
• In promoting a reform in national represesenta-
tion we, therefore, perceive the infiuite
Of pursuing a right course for collecting the people,*
opinion. It being our misfortune and our corn.,
plaint, that the very organ- for collecting and es t
pressing the nationsl opinion, and will, according to
the ordinary forms of the Constitutton,'has untied to
do its office • or, in other words, that The nation has
lost the benefit of- declaring its opinion through re..
presentatives, whence results an infinity of evil ; the,
people are, therefore, reduced to the necessity of
personally declaring, on that point, their own opi-
nion.
As individual opinion is the stuff of which national;
opinion is made ; and as national !pinion once col-
lected and declared?,., would, insffect, be' the " coin-
mon will," and welt, ley 'the Constitutional Au-
thorities, the two !louses of Parliament, and the
KINo, to be immediately clothed in the ordinary
forms of a law ;so Petitions, for collecting indivi-
dual opinions on the point in question, ought, on
that point, to be specific, distinct, and simple; to
act thus, when unanisnily is the object, being point-
ed out by the law of nature.

I r r TAYLOR V. WATERS.
. na II ir. saART moved in this case, that a NMI of Bask ~.,
Annuities, standing in the name of the Accountant. .
General, to the credit of the cause, equal to the
I payment of half a year's rent and taxes of the Opera
House, should be sold out, and paid over into tba
Ihands of Francis coast, Esq. the surviviug steles
trustee.—Ordered. t - • .
LORD KINNARD D. DOWAAIRR LADY SALYOVR.
Sir-ti43o; Er. It am' Lt.; Mr:. Lxscn, and Mr. Ant..
rottistglr moved that the Injunction in this case, by -,
ioiefich the Defendant was restrained from proceedia
itt law to recover:oat of the hands of the auctioneer{'
'Mr. fla' Phillips; the deposit' money paid by the.
Defendant, on the porches* of the Plaintiff,
gionard's house, in LowerGrosvennr-streel,ll4ltbst-'.
sum of 10,4001. should be dissolved. The stile bolt(
place in February, 1813, and the Defendant watts,
have had possession at the latest on the 25thday ir:
March following. The 11/laintit, however, had Welk
unable to make a good title, having sold am nano
Aired term of 47 years, and it terniugout, on enquiryi
that all he bad to sell was an unexpired term of set*
years, end a reversionary term of 37 years, while a
was positively stipulated that Lord Grosvenor, et
whim the lease was held, was not bound to predate
'$ tide. This clearly came under the authority of
he cuss of Fuljam and White, decided by his Lard..
ship :, and, besides, there was a rent-charge of 10001.,
a year out of all Lord Grosvenor's estates, witichi
might equally well be demanded out of the_boase le ,
question, as out of any other part Apt that Noble
ord's property. ..
i 'Mr. 11.ka.r and Mr. DowosWEr.r. eo4ten cled,,liiit
1
he present case was distinguishable from that of
uljam and White, inasmuch as there,weretiterelpi
Perms, but here the original term and the reversinuag
tern; being derived both from the satnelesserAtichardri
late Earl of Grosvenor, they were in reality tikse 4
mount to one term.
The Le aD. ClLANcrt.co it asked, were all titifiti revs.
in the two leases the same?

4.

1,1017 INTELLIGENGFI. '
. •
..-.1111111..-- •
• COUftf OF CHANCERY,' MAttcu 2.
OALLINI v. CIALLIAI;
In this case, in which a bill had been &led, on the.
part of the next of kin, In the names of two infants,
of the name of Gallini, against their father, pray-
ing for specific -formance of an alleged agreement,

say nothing; not .I as ~ it possible, that such : fairly ,ig , .1, _ per: : -•-t,
_ _
before us. , .
political definitions and doctrines as those of .PALalf 1 Mr. natty said, he understood they were; at all
Now, wherefore these different modes of con- into which he had entered with the mother, pre- .
.
can be' gravely taught, and gravely studied, at duet ? In answer to this question, Lcoufoss that : vious to, and as a condition of, the marriage, that events that the terms in the reversiotiary.lease we're -
Cikasbaldge and at Oxford ? Were it not for that 1 the father
.should renounce tho Roman Catholic
I can discover no other reason than float one leads i
sonlideration, the task of criticising such trash •, which belhen profeSsetl, and. that-the chit- n4t more hirdensome than those in the origiwal lease:
' As to the rent-chnrge of 10001. a year over the whet*
to alavery, the other to liberty. The other to Renee"
would he toodisgusting., In hasteeing to an end, dren shootd be educated in the FroteStent Faith. I..if the Earl of Grosvenor's estates, that had been
I IV:Arty. , The enemies of liberty seek darkness ,
milt, therefore, barely tonch on his notions of 1 tath" tha-•Sir S. RoMILLY moved agriltist a Person taking on '
released. The Earl of Grosvenor
, tool was 110 tor
light • its friends, 'at all times pray for. i
" Wall Liberty," -of the Origin of Civil Govern.' h-• sit •
-,.. '" t* - of trash divine'from the
1t e i unitise ton , emanationhimself the style and title of Sir EdWord 'Perrotto.
rear and-Of the • "As Duty of Submission."illing that the Defendant should see his title, la * ,
nds of the Master. . . ..
I fount of light I aelf-evidespi principles.of reason,
According to PALEY, " cirri! liberty is the not be;„,equally it / f • or and an Attorney, named Chester,. for int*. ing "el, i .
behoves. trained by any late, but what conduces in a I meat the
,ut they on one. baedgfavour •• g ... . .
which had been directed by his Lordship; on the all- is. the parties into 'the. blastar's Ofiletat lo thesplity4;
greater degree to the poblic welfare." This is not ' •'•
• - Ccircomstances. When a pereett purchalg#44Jl
• government ; while •on tle other, head, they ex-
i Ptieutiun of the Defendant', the 'father of the hornet
" liberty," but, at the best, mere legal protection ;use in London, he surely thought that be was see
I pose injustice and oppression.• Knowledge not only Plaintiffs, to Mary Caliini, the. =idler, (lining on '.
.1 ,. ..
solltise was enjoyed under the more wise and he-her to bring into Court the bodies of the two in- . king some place info which he might ppt.his bip4.;
promotes union, but instritits how to obtain are-
ancient if the despotic Roman Emperors ; and tants. : his Lordship had, on an application -to that • ' a given period. Was the Court to say to a per-
dress of grievances. PALEY, therefore, is for veiling
ma as eitty be enjoyed by the slaves of any arbitrary , ~effeet, ordered that service of the notice on Mr.' ser of it hp) se ins London, that 111.4 as bound is
monarch.' Daring thus shown what is not " civil Ii- i
1 the will of Goa" in a mysierious, oracular dark-who had been Attorney for Mrs. Gallinl in 1
in e it if he coutd not get into it for' nervy sari
•
;Hess to be occasionally interpreted, as conve:. Chester,
beity,"l-proceed to show what is. ' Civil liber- I• ' • - only
cc •• • G 19 a motion of a similar kind, in the Court of King's
ment to the high authorities of Civil overnment, hence. Such cireumejtattiiet at the present la Lord-
/ ,
ty Is the condition of a people. who live under laws Bench, should be esteemed good service; the notice . ship thought, formed. in , objection to i 'specific. per. •
by a political priesthood in .the pay of those autho- ;
made by themselves,igno„, i was accordingly served on Mr. Chester, but that '
forme-ace of the itgibinnent. • The Defesulant in•thill
either in person or by rePreseu- 1 titles. That he is for keeping the people in "
tatives, whom they have clouseu, and • aethorised to • ~, k d•case, contracted, on the 17th .6114Flobrdift • With is
ranee," for the direct purposepreventing unions' .
of
preventing <c • " . Gentleman now stated, that he was Ito longer Mr 5..,...
legislate, for a term not exceeding one year.' Gelliai's Attorney ; and on a person calling eta cotodition that she should be arlmn'to poste*. ,
he unblushingly avows. " As this inorance of .
The last member of this definition, needs for its union," says he, 44 and want of communication, -houlitin Molineux.street, •Edgwafe-rend, uerot'ied ' sion'en the 5:31.h of March folldwing.::lWitottlship
proof .but a single link of reasoning; which link appear? ward rerrott, the brother-in-law of Mrs. had
among- te principal preservatives of civl by Sir Ed himself looked at the house in euestiati, *0 ka
It ~: already appeared in these letters ; all the rest is
,; I authority, it behoves every state to keep its subjects Oeititil, where it was understood she was resident at Itnew from•the invoression it made on iii:s•ntind, that •
safoxidemt ; as likewise is the negation;
for to ye
;in this want and ignorance§§." Suclo, 0 venerable the time, the person so calling for the purpose 'of t must bee* *iery* 'different thing to at urc,baserf .wits. '
wider laws made wiritout our consent, is slavery. i serving the notice Was refused access to her by Sir R. titer he acquired right
,to an old unexpired terals..! J
lit a notion of " liberty," without consent, in con- Locxx, *ls' thine opponent !
Vow, leas* the author of " The Principles of
tempt of alt Par.ry's sophistry, there "is a defect, i Moire/ and adult , . , °top y,Parrott, ' who informed the person that she could not '{,,,,ter which there had been long nndistathesl poll. ..1*
'.P ' ' l Phl h " of be seen, lout that she was already aware of the hit-
as,a defender
.session, for noder• an. unexpired • term- •of- elsetee .•
which 100 arguments can excuse or supply.t."
, the Rotten Boroughs, and even a champion for Par- amen, notice of . the application having been surved
Uut what has PALEY who talks , not of just go-1 on tier Attorney. it .was el importancd to the ON duration and a reversionary term of shoal "dortadosan '.. •
liumentary Corruption. where I found him, namely,and a; reversioluiry term srhich might -be. good foe
vernmewt, of free government, but only of civil feminist in this case that he should lutlve the Infant 11,90jing
in the hands of the, author of 66 Letters to Willits;there being hardlrette title in a hundred
rovernment," whatever be its construction, whether , , . '
. I ulcy; ,&c. &clill. - - - where the oro rietor had se ',Or Itirsaelta leases ist
part of his cooodUct, Pail_ 'taro:: put Wider. twoper mire, the mother not i
___p _
~ , . .
' else

who,in that I._. . . . . __ .
person to have the custody' of theta; - • -
has given u good account of him. —I remain, dear Sir,— being s• fit link' reversion. His I,ardship, however, ,teek Wee
truly, your friend and solvent, 1 the Defendant having lately been under the neeesiity the Bill and amended pill, ind Shwa* dill' &V
. ela
JOHN CAZTWItIGHT. of bringing an tteljen against a Gentleman for Grind- of Alpiwesetit goOtion, . .
. ,
nut conversation with her. 1- • • •
---/a.. ........., • •-t
,
• Black. Cue, L 41. f 11. 119. t 11:120. $ 11. 191.1 'rhe Innn CuAticcu.ok Silted, lilt! that t .
0 11. ilo. 6 I. 134. /1 • 11. 141. is 11. 142. It LI. • •ie""di I LoN DODI ,? Printed mod Published hv P. Lows i s.. us Ike
Cie. n0411001.-ribek. C. ssiztts. /91. # 11. 198. 113. j It 127. 1111.601 d b) Juhasuo. 1 whew Sir S. ktomilty 'tilled sir g. Perrolt, admit that r szAarasai A 3 utru .r. lab neet-event.
0 . ;.. . . .. . •
. , . .• •

monarchical, aristocratical, or aught . on earth,
saes partaking of democracy, to do with 64 liberty?"
It makes no part of his system ; and to eradicate it,
from ours,*seenis the main drift of his niorality and
philosophy.

, i

.ti

. • . AJUrr.‘
it.
•
In early kno.o,,ilge
of their country s."
far as lies within thd compass of a '
