
yen atiellsiwy apleasti r4ll is madelnow n,
I Ave dominated Lieutenant-Colonel Lowe t
• the Important duty of c.immanding this Islacd
-crrtain that so delicate a trnst could out be rep
itt more able hands.-
Arsooit at the necessary avrangementS are corn-
• plated, and the suhraissitmof the dependent islauth
far tha ca rcrvived, Captikju granger and tnyself
• intend proceeding to superintend the operations
carrying on against Cerigo, a.station from whence,
of late, th.• enemy's privateers hive caused cowl-
&Table injury to our commerce.
1 hare the honour to be, &r.
J. OSWALD. Cri;.-Cen.
C.Joitnantling troHpi its the lonian Isles.
TO his II reolleney Lirot.4;..tierui Sri J. Stuart,
g. B. th.e. Lo.
His Majesty's ship Warrior. Cephalonia,
Octotnr 1&)9.
' • (itit-s I have the honour to transmit to your
•Exc,llency the accompanying report upon the
V.Aptiire of the island of Ithaca.
The enterprise was entrusted to Captain Craw-
ley, of his Majesty's. ship Plvilumel, and to Cap-
lain Church, with detachments from the 33th and
Royal Corsican Rangers. The manner in which
it has been eficted, will, I hue no doubt, appear
to your Excellency creditable to those Officers,
sod to the fisr,•es nutter their orders.
I ha • the honour to be, kc.
(ftigoed) J. OSWALD.
Consissootline Troops to the lonian LAM
To Lieutenant-General Sir Juba Stuart,
• K. B. &c. &e. &v.
Valid, capital of the Island of Ithaca,
October V, 11409.
Sic--I have the honour to inform you, that
the Island of Ithaca was tins day surrendered to
the detacbmeot of British troops wider my com-
mand, in concert with his Majesty's ship Phi.

Lame'.
Finding the enemy's batteries commanded the
barbour in sech a manner Js to render ineffectual
the tire from the ships, I immediately lauded the
troops and marines, accompanied by a division of
amonen, under !he directiou of Capt. Crawley. I
marched. without loss of time, to the enemy's
principal fort, situat• d on-an elanteircer with the
determinatien to utita it by assault: our inten.
thin was, ho' ever, frustrated, by the utscotili.
tional sorreinler of the From!' Cumman4ant and
Iris garrison. ,
During our march, the eneetylese held in check
by the fi'u of a gun.boat detsehed by •Capthin
Crawley for that purpose.
The garrison, consisting of near 80 men, have
Bess made priconers of war, with the ezeeption
et et Low Albania*, who escaped to the moon.
tains, but who must inevitably fall into our
bands.
It is impossible that I con express the Wigs.
Cons I am under to Captain Crawley, fur the
very handsome manner in which he give every
assistance in his power to insure the success of the
enterprise. Ta Mr. Forced, his Majesty's 'Mi.
nistee to the -flume* hide, I beg also to Offer sky
for the great service he,
Tendered to me on this occasion ; and I feel it my
duty to report the 'form good conduct of the
OScers and men of the 3'th Regiment,
Royal
(Asitiean Rangers, and Royal Marines, com-
prising the dutitchtnent 1 had the honutict to coin.
mond.
I have only to add the extreme joy of the inha-
bitants, in !Irbil reserved rwtbe slavery under
which they had hitherto gruliwd. ;
I share the holibur to bey &c.
lived) It. Clitill.Cll, Captain,
Aminent Quarter-Matter-General.
T; peliar-Generai
o.l,arra his 'llajestv's,hip Tijarrior,
• ' 7,..sase liay, tier. It:, 1:40.
Sts—The Spartawfrigate,. having on lintel a
detachment of Royal Artillery, with light' grits,
and two cien,osuies of Ike regiment, under the
orders of M ijur ClhLko, of that corps, sailed
him Cisphaliiiiii n 3 the oth instant, instructed to
proceed oil Cerigo, ut-Viol its port, and, if cir.
eauseranees tsars-anted, 14) make .an immediate at-
tack upon the island. tr u.es Captain Sprangm's
inteation and my own hay.. followed with con-
Mimi* reinforitements ; a continuance of
olltroisr gales peotent;ti our gettNg farther than
this Illy,- where a tender from Captain Brunton
he' reached us, twoveyitig dispatches, of
which the a convanying are Nanuti:icitig
the surrender of Cerigo to the previowly do.
tacked force. Major Clarke girls fully into the
deistic of the military operations. They chars&
tense an ardent spiritof enterprise ; and he Hems
to have been perfectly seconded by the officers cad
men and .r his orders, s.irruusinting difficuttita
greater than I apprehended he had the means of
overcoming.
The enterprise t7hisls your Excellency confided
to me, being thus • hadpily accomplished, it play
remains fur Ina to tebitly lily fullest approbation
of the conduct of the troops. A discipline has
been maintained that did honour to the soldier, and
reflected the utmost credit epos the commandiug
and subuid.late officers.
am touter the greatest obligations to the olfi-
,!ers of the staff of my summand ; they have
Men most asridnous in the discharge of their re.
spective duties.
•• I Must seem., in the warmest terms of acknow.
to the never.ceasiug aid received from
Spiariger : it was ray geed fortune to act
o ith an uificer who, while our views and objects
were the same, cordially united in the means of
attaining them. A similar litraiony and good cur.
respondence has reigned thrusmgh ever.) branch of
the two services..
vices. •
Our success was. accelerated, and our subs,.
queet political ,arraeigements facilixted, by the
pommel exertions and judicious commie ut Mr.
Foreci, his Majesty's Minister to the Septinsular
Ji.opublor, sod vagreatly prated in being accum.
parried by a Geutlexuan soloved and esteemed by
the inhabitants of these isles. Mr. Furesti's dis-
tiaguisled merits have received the commetoiaiions
of the most illestrious of our couotrymen
—to
add my humble tribune woel4l.lac preseniptunus,,
were it not elided fur by feelings of gratitude and,
respect tut% ards so worthy a servant of our Sove.,,
rows.
I %aid now proceed to place the islands in a pos_
tare ttf defence, sidfici.ot to alford probable secu.
ritv ; and I am led to believe it may be accom.
