THE STATESMAN.

. . .. . .
te..est we lone disentered Mates* Mb* made, for Easel. limpid-
m.o. That 'deity is she best Wee of the Creaser, w hi. h Is
anal( be highly reimisc.l not le avert, amid sari liege its var.
resider. That Meier ought to fors Site hails of all lesillairlle
Callarrislarata.mal diat.wh•iessr is estabilabeleastraty tii thew
priwiples is ineeped and Illegal. in whit h con diaohe.newee Is
ant nalosincrel bet ladispeasible.
T. Thadl the pimple have us indubitable vigil to axes. for the
purpose of petit lamitig she Klag..,r either Home of Parliament.
or is cereal their rentieents soon any public messier what.
M
ever. which rights are seamed t.. hem by that clause is the
Coronation Oa itt that Wads sad obliges the onarch S. were
invidleg to the wriest customs amid laws of the realm. Amy
infrifigeastut on thee rights must he viewed as as mojuseillable
breath la the Causikortea.
3. That these twered and iminlahie rights have bees shame-
, folly and wickedly violated by the diabolical proteeding of
the Meek/armies el Mainchester. Is mosiag to be dispersed by
the aid ad hoirumentality of a cruel mad bridal Yermanery,
lik peaceable and noAremilag ialmbitams of that place, whets
*drill aid legally amembled rat the 164 oh. for the purpose
M deliberating epos she most Airless seem of preemie' •
Reform ie she Repenraimies of the c..mairy.
4. That the savage betberily wad mieeliag cruelty of these
Yeomanry Cavalry ate wmporalleled la the maims 'Maori of
Maio; and wheel enesparede ish the ism? sandy spirit andgene.
moseemloct of the Brit ish soldkr,mmt reflect elerama disgrace es
theme wild and Whom* beichers, who, regardless sif age or
lea, iodiartioileately sabred mad est down all before diem.—
Thai sorb emendsies a. their 'madly can ow remikatise Julius
to bring the guilty perpetratere to immediate and coed* ph.'
aisiand.
5. That the enummakottioas ceineyiag the Thanks •f the
Prise* Reseal Ogled " Sidimovith,* i• the Ilissimrain sod
Teommary Cavialry ceaevraed Is the mosasere as blaacherer.
has recited our utmost sorpeite mad ilidignatim. Surprise ism,
any set of mew yenta be resod so destitute of she prirciplesirf
jostle, as to advise verb • meastore apes the /mites" of ewe of
Ike parties may i sad ladignation, became we masider the said
tomommicallan not only calculated mid imendeA no win she
emeniecers of she eselfeedieg people. its ere. sung their e
from lawful priehltemmt, hot lilt/mite tn is e tse me pan:a:
M: Jelly's subject) to Ikey war spire mother a and that it is oar
epeeist'. that ilk whit° ..f this umprendemed severe aright
la be impeached, asst immediately dimm.ned from his Majesty'.
Councils.
6. Ibis thew roceediogs clearly demessimte Ike areemity
of • Radical Menu is the Cremoime Howe. bemire wine It
not for the gran .ociapikes Mat peeved i• that Haase. so
Mimesis mold hoe here fogad to Mee or to hardraed in is..
atom, av on have dared to giVe their comatensmte, far leis their
I anqualiii d proi,e, se deeds so truly hostile sad a. Aerates%
to every British f. else. And had it met brim that the Mogi,.
Itrans of Mamikester calculated upon the approbotim sad pea-'
'designer she lionsosh faction. this tragedy • weld sever
bees acted, ear its agnds readermed " to ineslastieg fame."-1
7. That the 'abstains° of every City. t. we. vi mmg
hamlet. ought le meet without delay, to egress their sashed
atiborreere of melt eoprovolied barbarity and wastes elabolma
of law. Thal they melt to had, with • truly milesal mike,
fora Radical Reims or Porliarmisti, a. the wily wrens arms
lag ear doles °retry from irretrievable soda. Sect • alai.
am effort cm tie past of the resale is she outs remedy for pees
.min lb. manses from edifier, drape's., and Cla•ritipatlai k
Irma
_political deartaleilna and slavery.
S. Time If Is with the utm.-t iedignolino we slew the poet
apathy of ta missy of the higher sad middle milts opfe=
in such as an fill crkis.• bra the laws of the tottairy are
—jinuiet ltd—murder jondini—and the immortal eawilemmid.
We, °irritate, call spool all landed provrition, eannofachseers,
and .erchasts. as sLeeie levers of their enmity. la rouse far.
ward will wired amid as lit asettlias oar eights--riplim deelly
boggle with the blood of our forefathers. of the high value
mot to be cajiiyed by a. and oraosialtitd hi our poraterity. We
do hereby doebter, that all those perilous who may mill stand
aleaf Mum joistitig aid assisting vs is the recovery of ear
jest awl reasiliatiemiti tights. that we caa °staid° ihem is eir,
other light Mom en 'elbow and abettors •of *or oppressire and'
misers..
9. That ns the realest between the Brimagimaragen and the 1
people Ii of vital 'loveliest*. it becomes isethistatably Ones.
sari dial the people weever, limbed is their rower le cut of
the ne.ourrn of these ',kittens *yeasts, whereby they may be
espcll-d from their warped authority. and the people minim
their Initialed* rimier. Thal ca 'Liars' at the vast Weems 1
a hick tie limemalmsongers dense from tea. khans; aid ark i
°times liter., we camel'. it to be our duty to abseil from
the me et *wee ankles enimiver well a Radical Refitrin if
ParlimumeM Ve Alleged; sod we hereby nratigly reemesomod to
all Reformers to adapt, as far as predate, the seam Mame.
That Major Cartwright, Mr. Hoot. Sir Francis SWalliftl Mr.
Welk*, and other Reforiben in Leedom, IA reepredisilly M.
vita to name a day for • Geortal kernel throeghami the no-
mire. in order that the above Resolution may be adopted Mil
earned late .11-es.
Its. That id ss the opialso of this Welly' that the Glasgow
Chreerch amid scolawanNeammapers derlfw, the severest egyholoi
ant became they will me Wiwi* Amami Parliaments ma
I.7aieetaul Sellage, kW for their emerge mad leutriloas abet. ad
she people, Mid the Leaders of Radical Redeem i and likewhel
for holding up • dere/its *ail fallarinas pion of cialgratina.l,
°Aid:tied to divert the inds...lrissas mserbamie free the real caw
of his present reparalkled &teem. Karl *Wald am letlepeas ;
deal Negro Or be esablidard NON west of Scotland, Ae win'
use our •• , both its tow • rd ;sentry, lo palhanke the
same.
11. That on Althea be reveled to Meaty lfiteitsratille
hie well-kaaw• paitiolhal, sad real prodeat ai d
(widget whoa easaard Iv the braid ssy of am
Tromintry, at theist, cartage at Masts r.
11 That the Thant[ a lids Meeting aerially useelsed fly
Messes Jahromt, Knight, Sagas. sad shoe ass( the rell
of
the Pittner" a has Were arrested with them, and who, for their
oadmate4 perk...meg is the germs+ came of liberty me
mew exposed a the petreewilase 'fa eneeneleis Callum.
It Ibis the bed Thanks of this Welles are lady doom
the vratialik Major Cartwright, for hie long and ansearied
similes* is advocating the tights acd liberties of his deeply We
lured arid mach oppreeed coact yam, ad fat his exudes*
Bill for Parliamtatery Reform.
11. That tie Visalia of this Meetiag are hereby &Ilea I. Sir
Charles Wohely, for his ladepeadcat and patrielie eseleameria
in the came el the people i to the Rire. Joseph Matrima, a
Siotkgrt. for Amide% b•Wly forward se defeste of the bid
sights of his reentry.
15. That the Thieks of this Mettles ate heleby gives to Mr
]gavels hoiden tar his energetic eisd patriotic giver Si the
Slate° of Wesiminster ; mid we etyma he will henceforth
he foetid at his past ably advecatiog the tights of his mow
trymen.
16 That the Thanks of this Meeting are hereby Rives*,
William Ciehbett, Pot la boor (Salmi Minds as m politica
.111 ri 1 trots e act Iwo !edged by his greatest toemiehaad shut Ago
reposing,. of the fraudiskat Paper Spike, has dose more le
vellum smakisid o• that sable(' Mao say ashen wilier is elle
lamer i to Moors. W eater. ikerviie, Weer, sad Carlin, he ,
their seremittioir reediest is the caw of freedom: Si the Kam;
a she seareenie, for the ability and candour displayed la
e.maluning that Jeerer'; rod every other iodepreltat wrier,
in lat Veiled Kingdom.
17. That she Thad's of thls Meeting be, gives tut the Ila.
nage°. and other Member/ of thelinitarlam Society, for saes-
modeling the Committio with • plsce to serf is.
16. That the
f'
foe of this WNW, bir gives to WOW,.
Peacock, Ilisq. foe she haatinese nearer Is which helm se s
easaisdaird a
it • piece of meelieg. We hope his liberality
ia ibis
respect will have *Modesty Se a ake Olen modem t• ,
Winne his 'sample ie Wiggly their fellow.coantrymea *bee
oecesity may regaire.
Mr. Ntiv..—Fellow.coentrymen, I most heartily
second the Resolutions that have just now beers read ;
by adeptiug ibis, joe will testify your abhorrence
.of the murderers of your brethren Reformers, et
Manchester, sad contrib.!, in items degree to stem
the Wriest of 'emptiest ; and also, afford soother
reef to the world, that you are not passive specta-
tors of the roils of year country. The peaceable and
folioed character of your preceediegs this day, will
agate give the Ile to the slanders of the Bereogh.
mongers end their hirelings, who ere incesseetly
!absorb% to make it be credited, that the Radical
Reformers lotted to accomplish their object by force
of arms. lam persuaded that they are so conscioes
of the injolliee they ere guilty of towards us, that
their only surprise is, that we have so long submitted
to be trampled upon by them. We hear peers end
submission continually speeded forth by `those in as.
Mori', ; bet their coadect libel ill calculated to pro.
dote this effect. De we not see them rigidly enforc-
ing every law which tends to cortail the little liberty
we are yet permitted to tejey ; while, en the emitte-
rl (Jr, they show the ((entail weeilliognns, nay, in
Kw inflames, they absolutely refuse to act epos
Ithew that are favourable to the people. Wires these
41801,60 es are called epon by those wbo are starving

to put into operation the ousting laws for their an-
tenenee, they display the most provoking inactivity ;
end oh, shame! we see them rivalled in this beat,
wariness to sweeper the wretched by the teachers of
that benign Religion, the greatest precept of which
is " feed the Winery, cloths the naked, and comfort
these that are in distress." Was it too mooch for these
authorities to tensest to permit us one day to forget
our miseries—our assisted degrading coadition, atoll
null is the delusive thought that we were free; to
grasp in fancy at the idol of our souls, by feasting
leer eyes •ith the emblems of sacred liberty. so
legatos in our memories the fame of ancient Calais.
els, by following the banners of freedom, cheered by
the strains that nuked to deeds of glory el:, immortal
ekes! Theinhossan butchery of our suffering cons.
tepee. at Maseiteeter, stands almost unparalleled
for its atrocity in the history of the world. We hoes
heard indeed of cruelties committed le the 'termite
of cities, when the 'sunsets had been roused to emu
gnome for the death of their comrades ; yet, evils
amidst such terrific scenes, it seldom occurs that del
soldier in the highest pitch of his fury so far forgets
the dignity of man, as to stale his sword with the
blood of defenceless women and childreo:'l It has
been left fur the rethiess initials, of the Borough-
mongers, to give the lost gloomy leeches to the
frightful portrait of human depravity, by attacking
with the most dend-like rage, a motel and delene.
Ills multitude of their fellow-chines and odghboomi
(met in open day, under the noction of the law), wed
killing and mangling, ledleariminstely, all that cone
reithin their reach, without regard to agog, OIL It
is to attach to their interest, monsters whom pin.
prank barbarities like these, that the .
manors enact Corn Laws and Combinatio• Ls's;
sod in return, these musters are ready to carry car-
nage and death among the people, •heoever they
are commanded. They are every way worthy of the
diabolical system they base Anew to support;
for their cruelty no only he equalled by the
rapacity of their masters. This inhuman outrage
will epee the eyes et every limiest and dis-
cerning men, as to the tram chgrneter of the pre.
sat iniquitous system of Goeenmeet, which will
soon team to be supported by soy ezeept those
who live on the spellatios of the people. This mae-
stross system, which was baptized in the blend
of
the leeenot and defenceless lobabitants of Glencoe,
is, I trust le God, doomed to close its career of is.;
fumy with the musette of Meacham ; for Ibusti
can be we moo, who prides himself is the OM, of Mel.
ton, so lost to a love of his country, or so Waded by
his prejudices, as to continue to support a faction
which thus attempts to stile the voice of teeth end
reason.—These horrid Knee of havoc sod destruc-
tion, allord a faint idea of those ezhibited on poor
sefortosate Ireland ender the auspices of that
And have we net jest new loaned that the bloody
massacre of Manchester is bet the prelude to what is
lateaded to be perpetrated ell over the nation ? The
tyrants who have reduced the country to its present
awful condition, ere no longer able to preserve their
authority by fraud sad delusion; they are therefore
driven to the necessity of 'sprung the real character
of their s)stem by resorting to an open military
despotism. Usable to urge any thing eves plausible
In defence of their deed', they have cussed the late
horrid tragedy to be performed, Is order to pretest
the people from meeting. Net content with basing
dragged forth the free-born sons of Britain to fight
the battles of despotism ; not contented with compel-
ling the people to submit to kers, in the enactment of
which neither their interest 00f Consul hue been
regarded; oet satisfied with tearing frowns the hard-
earned traits of ear industry, and thereby re.
dodos es to starvation and beggary, they have
leniently resolved to swell their last triumphs
over our prostrate liberties, by denying us the poor
asosolatiou of publishing air injuries to the world.
Bet I trot every man who wishes la prevent his
country from becoming ono extended scene of assent-
nation, robbery, and military remotion, and who
would desire to see it restored to a state of peace and
prosperity,witl now see the necessity of straining his
utmost efforts to obtain that by which alone these
blessings can bested@ permanent, sanely, Universal
Suffrage, Annual Parliaments, and Election by
Ballot.—Mr. Neil concluded by soundieg thelteeo-
lotions.
Mr. lons Druz* followed is a speech of cool.
derablo length sad ability. He was succeeded by Mt.'
G songs To ALON, in a speech no less conspicuous Ist'
Its eloquence.
An Address was then voted to Mr. Hunt.
Mr. CRAlo.—Friends and Fellow.coentryesmall
it is with the greatest platters and Vier es‘st heartfelt
satisfaction, that I sew come for and for the pee.
pose of seconding the Address to Henry Hunt, Esq.
I am estreaely happy in having this opportonify of
publicly testifying my oubeeaded approbation of
the conduct of this brave, this undaunted foe of the
Boreeglinsongen ; who, at all times and in all cir-
cumstances. is the weallerable friend and independent
advocate of Brian Liberty. Allow me the* to
make a few remarks on the general conduct of this
mom determind enemy of corruption. If you takes
retrospective view of the tendert of this bold chem.
plow, yes will find that his life is devoted to the
cane of Freedom, and bis time one uninterrupted
coarse of difficulties and dangers. He has attacked
eorreption on every std.—stormed her citadel—
sealed her walls—end destroyed her ramifications.—
Yon have veto him at Spa.ields come boldly forward;
amidst thousands, yea tens of thoesauds of his mach.
injured countrymen, and most nobly assert their
rights, in the free of their oppressors. and hundreds
of
their base spies and informers. These, like so
many vultures, hovered around, ready to test end
destroy, if once they could entrap him into their
merciless talons.—You have seen him nobly, and 1
ens happy to say successfully, emptgled io defend.
ing Wst.on, Thistlearwwl„ Preston, sod Hooper,
from the noinincipled attacks of a +ticked mud tyrsn.
nicalprcoecution.-115 came forth, like a lion roam-
ing in pursuit of his prey. un!il he traced all the
turnings and 'Audio*. of the inigmnes Cattle, (it
will be recollected this Coates is a K•sight of the Or.
der of Illonal„along with o:iver,ltict.owntl, and others,
who were Under Secretaries of Sts,e for Sidmouth,
Cutlere.gh, Canning, and GO, and turned the nsr.
row, dark, and gloomy track into a *lotion, highway,
fur an hnuest Jell of his countrymen to twitch clear.
ly slang, and proclaim to the nortil that those men
were the innocent titian of an infernal tonsil, sty.

Yee have Ms laimhoesnity displayed in his active
materials to ameliorate the aohappy coadition, sad
to obtain a fair and impartial trial for the onforte.
sate victims ofoi base and treacherous plat in Derby-
shire. Ile gave no rest to his body, nor slumber is
his eyelids, while an action was unperformed that
woad giro coaslaloo to the mind, or comfort to
the bodies of these enrollees., indisidealt. Jet oe
sow view bis conduct at the late election at Welt.
missler, supporting the aossiastioa of the justly ee.
!eluded, the venerable Major Cartwright. Ile en.
daentedly advocated the Major's famous Hill of
Rights and Liberties, wherein is contained the isms.
table principles of nnitersal freedom. I woad now
ask you, my friends, if be moved one inch hoe his
post daring the whole of these transactions? Nn;
be steed forth like a brave soldier, in the defence of
a pod and gloried cause, determined not to 'wire
from the field of action while as enemy was left en.
subdued. Assin, let as view hint at Smititiel,li se
the 2lst of Joly last, at his post in the hoar of dan-
ger, armed ebb wisdom and ;madame, and condom.
leg that &twig in defiance of tyrants, deggers, and
death. When called to met with his ceentrysed
in defame of their rights, there is no attain, so
•antes, no word either of his farms or of his mer-
chandise. he lives for the cause of freedom, and for it
he is ready to die. After what has been al ready 'drama
coaceraing the transactions at Maocherer, it would
be sopa/sous in ON to mike any further ee-
marks. Salts it to say, that wit► respect to those
deeds who have in that place for ever disgrassal the
name of Magistrates, that I as clearly perceive
suspended over their guilty heads a deepening dead,
threatening to poor on tbees•the direful vengeance of
a moth oppressed and injured people. Wash regard
to the savage Yeomanry, I know of no character
that ever disgraced human mature to whom they can
be compared, bat one, namely, Cain, the son of
Adam. That base surdas' slew his innoceat bro.
Cher; they have slain their fathers and mothers, and
sisters sod brothers. lie cried out, " .very one thse
dodeth me will slay me;' so do.they. Ile led and
look refuge la a strange load. and was a froglike and
a vagabond ea the face 0 the earth ; and so sill
they. To have deo*, I would jest remark, that all
the celosay, reproach, saisrepreseatation, and false.
Ina that sanity could Invent or malignity coma
.edges', bate bees poured ea Mr. Heat by a Use,
weep, iced venal Press; they have eadeavoured to
destroy the character sad reputation of this meet
smithy Patriot ; bat I trust that you will, in a way
Weisner wort►y of such a respectable, spirited,
sad patriotic Meeting as this, testify to the world,
that all their suodalous, wicked, and maligunt at.
Wept§ have no more effect ea you stied than a drop
Of cold water on a her of red bet hoe. When
Gall t►is a respectable Meeting, it is sot to be ender.
Stood that it is because I see suc► a Dumber of per.
Woe who have their bodies covered with gay cloth.
log ; no. my hinds: wherever I see a neither of
Oleo collected in a legal and peaceable manner, fee
the pupae of stating their stieraotii or asserting
their rights—l say, whether they are meted sink
She dust Merino wool or " gods Imagism Gallo.
way woe," these are the sea I esteem to be the
truly respectable, the spirited, mad the patriotk.
hir. TAILOR then use forward and thanked the
Meeting for the attentive and orderly 111181111 M they
bad cooductrd themselves Ile said the cool, re.
basal, and deliberative way they had acted was pro.
phetic of their future success, and completely boa
lied the angels 00000 and groundless accasatioas of
gbsieeeemles; let the Friends of Reform uniformly
imadoet themselves is the same way, and the frank•
tees sad openness of their intonations could set
11111ftpresstation and espionage at deism*. 11.
Iles &totted them to mire peaceably so their homes
tad relate the occorrences of the day to their Meade
sad relations, and he treated that their lirsoese,
unstmacy, and fortitude is the midst of suffering
would ensue their patriotic wishes at no &stoat
[date. The Niceties thee left the Geld la peace sad
gond order.
Ws HO sorry that we have eel space for the inset.
tint, also of the escelleat speeches of Mr. Hill, Mr.
Smith, sad Mr. Moffat.
- -
