At S.r.P. rule and Cn.
TAT) Bali 10 10
Mid Win 3 0
A I.'rd to Olatreis
I.tl%ari C;al6le

MATRIMON Y. s. ' •
MARRIAGE sboold be the fooodideo of social
Imppines., which is often disturbed termigh the parties
that form the union 5:01 taking those precautions which woutp
secure them the enmy anent of that great domestic Messing,—
.People of every mink pity adoration to the shrine of wedlock ;
bus, win re the coostimeion bas been tainted by disease, or &hi.
',Waled thy a certain habit contracted at ass early nge, a renova
•Ition of stabiiity previihts to enter:tag that state is indispensably
requisite to revive the slumbering sparks of life, amt so reank
mate the system. For Ili) disorders have c.mtrlbliterl more
,essentially to deatro% Hymeneal happiness than those %/bleb are
the cansequevce of Unguarded pleasure. It *at this considera-
I ion which induced ftlessrs. CURRIE and CO:, far these hist.
90 years. to direct their, snakes and attention exclusively to the]
trentmen. and cure of the Venereal Disease, and the disorders
arising therefrom, ti. MSo to exit derangement of the system pro-1
Atwell by the destrm aye habits of the inconsiderate ochoid-b0y..1
winch brings on itiose distressing debilities and dedeieuries that"!
,prevent or emitting. the Nftro mound stale. The suet re- .1
sult of their plan gives them additional /adorn' to oppose Inci
ravages ..f these complatins, which are the most important in
She catalogue of human infirmities. It behaves every person
who ha; itidulged in this ',Maar% vice to seek relir f by
Jae professional 1:1C41 of eminence and honour, to which Nies-
CU RRI nod Co. Claim the sanction of si7holasi it authority,
els well as the tettitnany of unctroirndieted facts. In profes.t,,g
the cure of these complaints, they hold out ao inducement to-
t ire ; hut, tensible, as all men must be, of the eximcnce of such
Aral:mines, they over their assistance ns regularly edit •:it,rl
Members ..f the Royal Colleges of Surgeon's of London and
Edinbureb. Slight and recent cases of Ss philiLic infection are
radically cured in the short spate of two days. Those of the

- ~~

Ai Hadley Church,
Middlesex, after a
Di by the •
Re,. T K iva 501. 7s. Id.
Collection at 'Carlton.
acne Worksop. by
the Rev. R. P.
Goodenough 261. 111. 6d.
Collection :it Easing-
nould Choi cholter
Discounv. by the
Rev. J. Paley
(..ollecticii in thcrown
in.Grayetendand,'ille
uriAhbouring Pn-
tioltr,,on account 4151 11c.3d
M. M. 2 0
The Mite of a poor
Father
John Cotton
'r.
b. 8: P.

Wheatlinencleal Pa-
ri.h, by the Itvv.
C. Chantey £l5 0
The Dean of Wtst-
min-ter 20 0
Thomas Milky 20 0
The E .ri of A)le-hary 103 n
Chas. Dyke Ackland,
It. N. 10 10

Abel Nin)sev 20 0
inches. of Rualeu4h 105 0
tiemge W. Maynott 5 5
ciamille H. Wheter 5 0,
Miss Caroliar Halite! 2 5/.
hliss ii. Halifax 2 2
Richard Tulle: 5 h
B. 11. ld 10
The Rad of Winchilsea 110 41
Pirril•tobb Methuen 21. (1
Thomas His‘cs 10 10
Lard W ilioughtby De
Brrike 1110 0

At 11o1)..rts and Co.
51attbew Al (Hui, 5
nat. Crippvit 2 0
Ilei.ry ou..1:0.11 5
At Ilankeys and Co.
1-aac Serra 10 10
I'.:!krtion at Man.
nene• tree Chapel.by
the Kc►. M. Long-
' in re

At Bosanquet Cis. •
W. G. 91

• At Barclay and Co.
Richard Reran 5
Rev. J. D. Wittier 5 0
Colleetku at St. Miir.
wet Patient and St. •
Gabriel. Venetturcb,
in the Morning. by
the Reverend John
Grote. Ai. A. 181. li. Id.
And in the Evening,
by the Rev. J. J.
Serer•ive,LL.B. 141. 4ti 10t1.
The Pariah of Sr. An-
drew Underhart,
after a Sermon, by
the Rev. W. Antra.
anti, Rector 50 0
H. W. Wart 5 5
Weddell. • Till, and
Weddell 10 10

_ ires .
must ..tgiinate duration, such as Obstructions, inveterate Stric- i- - a l . liiS reib ..istanCeS on its Sm.
tures. Pains of the pones, Oleets, &c. are permairratly nod 1 ject have caused his companions in misfortune to
speedily eared. Several Noblemen and Gentlemen of the first t blush for him, and excites in the English a surprise
respectability have been under the care . f Messrs Cairo' sad 1 •
Co. fur the removal of complaints of the urethra, strictures, 4 Winch they have not endeavoured to dissemble. He
&c. ; and having received a radical and perrnmirent tore, re- pretended to draw up a sort of capitulation ; his
quest that references may he made tin them, ns satisfactory et- paper w' AS returned
deuces of the decided superiority of Alessi... Carrie and Co. • % t o him without being read; he
plan of treatment. Many of these Geutleincii had .strictures t
tiftlettedvirel.e3 and began to weep bitterly.—(Gazette
from 10 to 2.) years, nod were under the cure ..I Alessrs. Home,. xN
Heaviside, and other Surgeons of equal eminence. who attempted , -.-
their cure by the application of the lunar caustic, without site sin. terday, after Mass, the King,• accompanied,
cess. Messrs. Currie and CO. have selected the foll.iwing letter fby Monsieur and the Duke de [Terri, appeared.. it,
from the may they are daily receiving
turning them thanks fur their restoration to !mom and vierous I
from Uemle'nen't re" I the balcony of the gallery which looks into the ter-
health. It was sent to them, ansolicite•l, from the ton re" ~ -
IVace of the garden of the Thuilleries ; g
loud and long
Nonle Earl. who had lahaured under cll.; distressing and Ivan-continued acclamations of Vivo k Roi.were heard.
ful malady for 10 sears ; he had been under the care of several I;
Surgeons of professional eminence, ;e of whom afforded him 'rills day, the English and Hanoverian army, said i
permanent relief ; but from the superior -method of treattuent I "to he 70,000 strong, are to be reviewed at Neuilly.
. - adopted nod pursued by Messrs Currie and Co. lie received ri l'
MILLARD'S IMPERIAL CLOTH. radical cure is the short space of mouth :
" May 28, IS! `. PARIS, JULY `14.--The Adjutant-Commandont.,
HY HIS MAS ESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS PATENT. 'i
;• Lo')ertre, and Capitalise de Vaissean aousin, employ-
". To Dr. CURRIE, 107, Hatton-garden. • ed by Lieut.-Gen. Bernier and:Rear-Admiral Comae
Ne con!epant pas de Tin, mais en possednat toils lee agremecs " Lord feels great pleasure in coinruunicating t . 13-,
et qui rend inutile l'usage de Wilmette. Collie the perfect re-establishincot of his health, in coosequence • as boarets of the submission of the land and 'lard.
THE Nobilitl
y, Merchants, and. the Public are of his mat! and admirable treatment of Strictures in the ute- 1
. forces at Brest to the King, arrived on Saturday esten-
rerpectfully informed, the above Cloth is adapted for the thra. lie may add, that he has not for many years enjoy ed ..a lag, and proceeded immediately to the offices of the
various purposes of familnuse, for Shirting, Sheeting, Children's much comfort and freedom from paint and he entertains no Ministers
is very
for the War and the Maline.
wear, Slips, &c. used for the purpose of linen, it surpassei doubt of his baying nblained, through his skill and attention, a ;
incure very ~er cloth in its primary quality,conduciveness to health, perfect and radical of that horrid comphint. As lie Wati, 1 Brest
tranquil ; the troops and inhabitants
N‘loch ii pr. motes in all climate., by protecting without in- not a stranger to the manner that others treated the complaitit• hoisting
rerising the native warmth even In the hottest season, and In. : he has it in his power, from a fair trial and a just r•impariosn, , A"...
c are, animated with the best spirit. The of the
All, preventing the viii iOll9 ill. that arise from being suddenly to pay that tribute of applause to Dr. Cairn.. Which he s mi.
hilted after riding or other active exercise. It never imbibes bly feel,, and shall ever be most ready and willing to acknow- wiutte flag on the forts and in the road was accompa-
mei! by salute of 100 pieces of cannon.
he dump atmosphere either by :sea or Tread; its economy rind lecke."
i To
arability is very great, and its beauty in appearance peculiar. ; Married Women, who have long been disappointed in their •
and
s Sheeng, it equally surpasses every other cloth,for comfort expectations of a family, may be assured, that in most in-
oy
ial ;,ppeniguce, ii, well ~,. being 2.stlis or nearly half the motes sorb defects are curable by Medicsil /Mil I arid although R :day there was a grand review' of the Imperial
al Guards of the foreign Sovereigns now at
ti
Paris. We believe this is the reason why the review
lire, as if a fine wide Sheeting is to be imrchased in 7s. Gil. the removal of such impedimenta he an object of Wilda turd iii, of English •
r yard. this being only 4s. 6d. of equal finenen, will give n certainty with others, yet the cure of 4che defects, by the gr..- the is
on the 161 hi, to its
ring of Ss. per
,yard, in :addition to its peculiar cousfut t, and dual progress of renovation, is the nequiretnent of their expo- . postponed till tomorrow: ~. •
M.proptirtion for the other widths rind qnalitirs. rience. By an early opplication to Messrs. Carrie and Co. tueobedience to the King, notwithstanding the resistance
T-he town of Nismes returned,
li is sold duly stamped, wholesale in entire cases, confining patient will escape the intl.., dancer, and es pence of a long and
om SO to 6J pieces each, for ex porsatim ; and by the piece of tedious attendance upon less experienced practitioners. Messrs. od fi s theordregimenterand alarm.
o( etasseurs, which occasioned some
-)to 54 yards, front 425. to ss. 6d. per yard, at the East 'lndia Currie and Co. may be consulted by patients of either sex, %b.!,
inetiou-e, No. 16, Cheapside, and at no other house in town The greatest secrecy and honour, nt their house, No. 107, flat- : All persons who, du ring these fifteen yeari; have
r country , and the public are particularly cautioned against toi-garden. Patients in the country, describing the particulars
initial. of th encase, are, and mode of living, inclosit g a remittance for had op
opportunities of observing Bonaparte in moments
Orders with remittance executed as if the parties were pre- advice and medicines, the same a ill be given or sent to any part of difficult are convinced that he is totally destitute
nt.. , of the kingdom. To ensure that were) so essential In then un- 311which
T' • • The W hoe (Mintz for Idi ..s Drape may be obtaine,l as dertakmg. the postage of letters may be added to the PeCelllll i .
let fain title to four Wafts each piece, fur meditiacs.-107, Mama-rude°. of that firmness of soot, thatmsentel courage,
' is far more rare and more estimable than the courage

1-61. 94. Sd

.Ml-11 E. H.
„f ,•••• p h Eardley
J.•liii iley wow!

At Henry Hoares and Co.
Fleet -sireer.
Ilk•. Dr. J.om Drake
charles T. Wnod
Ars. T. Wood
L. C: and J. C.
V iwaulut Crrzun
N!eyhrti Ram
Me.. Lucy Price

21
20 0
10 0
5 0
50
21 0
50 0

~. .

' .

eithich is' requisite for a mere 'soldier in the astd of
t stile. '(Mere sienbt the least doubt Chit thisigreat
diets complitely lest his bead ow. the 1.13 th Brumaire,
end I. the battles:of Marengo,. Wading, telpsie,mud
Waterloo. Aithentie details- cos eernteg his reeidenee
lat.ll3.oChefort, sad his conduct wry boaidAbit Bpirkre-
. 4, fulty,demenstrate gist. this •deapot,. so pm*
eedwafeetingsist peosperityr is in adversity *mei
eadi posillanivea *Mg. 4u.- -vain officious friends,
.mulsideriag the..rearterMts which km • possessed. for
dYilill free toad indepredeet, reined .0y esstictpation
to tram his Fondant. ,Reis not dianibal es Themis-
..
Aocifili JII/biff preferring death to slavery.—flat Pore .
%Puss the lasksKingt-of. Mscedrmia, humbly trging
: life,and gisting.thejedigiout Plesasch bet:4llo4r to
Me." its.eleartlit proved that heAsd.othee vices stilt
scam-and hitgeynainele, the-want of heart and
of *big, in conseqoence of which -he-depeieedl
himself of the commiseration of ni hers, •the.only thing •
'of which fortune cannot deprive the wretelbeti, ',bat
they have courage."..
_-. ., , .: •: . •sie
The Prussian. Royal Gourd lepettnbanotlis.a It
occupies thequal ter of the Military Schookthe Baby. ,
LYONS, JULY 111.,,, lon Bar, ark, the Luxembourg Geirilen,&c.
~,.. ~_•
Ou Saturday pretiiiig; two persons{, who wore rtfd
. . -,
.• ARAM OF THE ALPS-ORDER OF THE DAY.
Pinks promenaded among nuetereos groopseoltegtifd
Head-quarters of Grow-Blanche, JOY 15.
on the terrace or thellinOthiei. •. Several of Elie Vit.
ilbentrits,—At a moment when malevolence em-
tional Guard, nit duty reqaeited theta '`to lay Otitis
ployi every means fo disorganize the arm
Y> die-' . •
these fiosvers.',They obstinately reftseti.•TheGetiida
rootage the soldier, and lead him to want of disci-
a i then arrested Ih-ets, and carried their oast of the Gar-
,plitte, I experience a satisfaction in communicating
den amidst the attelainations of all the speeintints..
Aetter which has been brought me by a deputation of
The Boordeaux Papers did not airtve yesterday.
Olbcers'of the 7th Regiment of the Line.' They
On the 19th that town was still ;sitter,. the- military
from the corps two Officers unworthy of serv•
government ofGen. Clause!, Qearrikb.ad fieque,nt-
deCt, and Ling-in its ranks ; I approve of, I applaud their con-
. ly occurred between the military
.I give orders that ;the guilty individuals,rind theinhalduints.
i7alre sought to, dishonour the army, be brought be.
The Theatres had been shut for three days:
farce Military Commission. Notwithstanding the absurd and film reports Or.
colated by some incorrigible, and also hy some cre-
Every day throws light on the authors of Adieu-
dulous beings, who have always beep the erhoes. of
taus rumours, of odious lies, by means of which the
the factious, it appears '
certain .thietjhe Poe ers are
credulity of the Soldier is deceited, and he is filled
with.suspicion of his Chiefs. agreed respecting the principal articles of the Treaty,
.them that you have • always been • cool which is preparing at Paris. The French Nation
- -
happy t do not allow your Ives to be and Europe will be convinced by that act that the So-
,*
miserable wretches who pre paid to sow vereigna did not make a vain promise, when they
the army ; remember that you are pledged' themselves that the sole object of this now
end that without discipline and 'without crusade should be the political overthrow of Iltana-
your 'Chiefs,- you are no longer the de- parte. • . .
'our country, but instruments in the The religious maintenance of the Trieliitto ' ,
:boospersons to assist their projects chided with the litiug„ tiseletegrity a. the 'French _ ' '.
truly. Union and discipline, we shall it territerjrtv:e:ctecl, are,'t is'aeid,the'‘biat lithis
~
..
..
~.
led by our enemies and cherished by our ;'nevi act of reconciliation: That vanish th,erefieslnal ; ..
-1 men. ' hopes, "the perfidious insinuations of ''. h
g_t ' •of
The Marfill Dukr d'AIAWFUR-A. logitißtlANioMty, "tea the reit
..• '-'7''
&al
- - ma 1747.4itaiii tostsh r •
. .
The Duke de Castries, Peer of France, Lieutenant- . excites. '
Genera!, arrived at dollen on the 21st, and resumed! It is also stated, that iettnerliatAi dye tittc..can 4
. the command of the 15th Military Divisi...., "-“,elte.•; ciusfen of the Treaty, the' troop, id tWee ,of the'.
I Comte and a rsrt of Alsace have been the first ts, Powers will terse our country bet that r AD.. •
!rally round the Government of the King. Count I Russians will remain . for sometime; that,.l. . de...
Gsetan de la Rochefoucault, Royal Commissioner,
.i parture will take place in columns of 21, . men
having thro•vn himself into Franche-Comte, at theleach, in proportion to the-. re.orgehigatlon .of the. '
' bead of 130 Officers, sustained a combat against the ; French armt . It findfied, (bat ki Oiler• not to feed';
Partizans, who had collected together to the number; the hopes a a party, lad to renege: the slightest
.of 500, and defended against them the bridge of cause of suspicion, the emperor Of Austria was,thet. ..
Goumois. We ought to regret the loss of several first to declare that he irmild 'got leave any corps of
distinguished Officers, and among others the young : his arm! in Fiance. . • . , .
' al:d brave Count Montjoie. The Royalist detach- Every thing we have heti elile_to Collect respecting
ment then advanced into Alsace, where in a few days 'the (lineations of whieli. Ms %Treaty has. been the
it recruited a more considerable corps, with whirli,subject, confirms the opinion we hod formed.of the
M. de la Rochefoucault drove before him all the Magnanimity and nobleness of the sentiments of the
Cori,,s Francs, and occupied Franche-Comte to the' Allied Powers. Posterity will equally 'Online the
walls of Besancon. The 'white flag has every where ! wise policy and the moderation of those Sovereigns,
been hoisted, and the public functionaries have re- i who, on being a second ,time masters of oar capital,
viewed their oath of fidelity to the King. The across- I avoided every act that might attack the Majesty oi
ili;seternt of Altkirch has distinguished itself by the "the Throne and the iodependence of the Nation.
enthusiasm with which it has celebrated the return Founded on ruck principles, this Treaty will terini-
of the best of Princes. , nate the agitations and intrigues of all partite, an 1
~ • P 41t19, Jury 23.—The white flag could not be ' will long assure to France hist internal and external
hoisted to Nantes before the 19th of the month, on peace which is now-her first want.
cccount of the continual passage of troops 'to the Yesterday there was a grand Levee at the Court.
I
army of the Loire, through this town. The Adhere re-established
_on all the roads of
Like Perseus, Bonaparte's first concern was to France.
vase his 14' r- reiterated instr - this sub. Several

ier... soldiers *,.tonging to tt.... guard entered.
Paris yesterday, with cries of Vise lelloi!
A Decree of the Prefect of Isle.et•Silaine di,..
solves the Breton Confederation.
Titoycs JULY 22.—Within these few days there
bave posted through this town nearly 200,0t)0 men,
Austrian% Hessians, &c. This moment Russians
are announced to us.
. Meastru.rs, JULY 16.—1 t was' only yesterday
f srelearned the return of the King to his capital. The
city gave itself up to transports of joy. There was
a general illumination, .Tbe English here danced and
shouted like ,the. rest.
• Moratislalways- at .the • estate of General Lille-
;
mind,
,near. Tonipp. . lie has demanded passports
Mots Geaertil Perreymond, who commands hire, hat
they were refused him. Marat, by Way of pa sing
the time, amuses himself with cudgel, , playing and
pistol icing.,
i • Thoolousithes not.yet• been. ible tslioist the white
Hag. Terror,and the eel-coloured• flag are still Ice,' t
up at Atignop. Nistiseei has capitulated. Bezio-N:
• has 8000. men Welt armedvind eight pieces*Ccennoi%
and they hare hitherto kept in checitlhe partisans of
i Bonapartec.• . •' • •

c bet

to the oh)

• • "
; Orders were rkeived at Portsmouth on Wednesday
morning 'not tolress any more seamen for his Maio,
Ay's navy, nor to enter ally as volunteers for the sans s
"service.
i• The Wecta,NrwroN pillar, on •the top of Penttil
heugh-, is in a,state of progress. The inscripti., s
sent to the mason are as follows :—Qa the east sift t,
the word " Victory," on the north, " W ELLA !I •
TON," on the west, " Waterloo," and
the
t4ie so a • is
" This monument i% dedicated to the MAO of
Wsr.tattorom, and the British army, by the Meg
'of Loigus and his tenants."
