REPUBLIC OF m.irn.
—O--

...

raosi TIRE NEW TOI:K IIAILT ADTIKRIIKER.

The following letter from the Secretary of tleneral
Hover, President of Hayti. to his friend in this city,
will, 1-e prerattue, be read with pleasure by those who
feel interested in the subject to which it relates.
. _

The idea of finding an asylum for the free people of
colour of the United States. who may be deiirons of :
resorting to a community where they will find protec-
tion, and employment, the means uf acquiring pro-
perty, and the enjoyment of social privileges upon an
equal footing with those by whom they are surrounded
is one of peculiar interest, not only to themselves, but
to all good men who lament their depression in this
country, and world gladly, if in their power, relieve i
thcin front the misfortunes under which they labour.
There is ozlegrer of kindness and generosity in the
propositions of lloyer, which entitle him to notch re-
'pert. With great liberality, he offers to •receive his!
brethren from the United Ntates on terms highly sill-
vantageous to them: while, at the sante time, he only
requires a certificate of character, before he hestows the
privilegewishing on his part fur useful inhabitants,
not those who, being idle and vicious. may Itecome
burtlaens instead of bentlits, and, in the ritti, may turn
out to be vagabonds.
We propose to give a translation of the plan of the'.
society alluded to in this letter. And we t•aynot but
hope, that the advantages which this island kids out
may be seized, and that many of the description of
pe pions under consiole: alio a way ay.Cll tit i,i elves of
them, and be ettab:astl to realize the I.enclits that
ar,c tarred to their acceptance. Here is a well organ-
ized government, able and willing to afferil them se-
curity and protection : a .'ate of 154,...ty Efifigetii:4l 14)
their eltaracter and feelings; a rumor ei ni t• in wls,clo
they will find sympathy, friendship. and eliatality
soil prolific in the extreme ; a situation free front all'
ens..tire to kidnap: era and slaseilealets; together
with a consciousness of freedom, and the blessings of
independence.

(noarlated.)
Pert in Prince, April 17, 11,V1, 17111 yew of the Inileprodettee.
1H 11/ieTtIIMAIII' 11ENIC11.11. 11111 &Xl,l LLIINCT TOE
1.111:81011XT llr lIAT 11, *1 --, OF I,IIIW TORE.

Stn.—His Excellency the President of Hnyti, hav-
ing jn‘t returned from a tour through 11,c Republic,
has directed me to simmer the duplicate let:er which
you have written to him, under the date of Ucceruber
12, ISI9.

His Eyrelleney is glad to learn that yen received
the sugar u hick he sent you ; and the use you made
of it cannot fail to increase his eskeni ter yon. He
thanks you, through ine, ler the work uhicli yen hare
forwarded to biw, and i es you to present his CORl-
phinents for it to the author.
il•ith regard to the eicigration of the di seentlauts
of the Africans, of which to.. speak to Lis exec'ilcney,
he authorizes tile to tell you, that he has always had at
heart to benefit the enAgrants and the Hayti:nos. by
receiving the former into this country ; but as the r.,.ni-
ber of idle and useless persons here is already too nu
memos, our interest requires that we sbonld aumit
note of our Merriman brethren, exemps• estwizau•wild
prepare themselves, immediately after their arrival, to
cultivate the ground, either on shares or on wages.
Such would find proprietors of lands, withont diffi-
culty, who would be willing to pay the expense id
their passage, on condition of a reciprocal eugageusent.
Such as would be a benefit to the Sepal:lir by their
Industry, and who have any means of subsisteme, will
be equally well received and protected ; lint I repeat
it, we do nut want suchitile men as would finally be-
come vagabonds.
You will see by the address, of which I enclose you
two copies, that a society is now lorrning here to en-
conrage the emigration of our brethren from the
United States, by ensuring to them the necessaries of
life, and distributing them in such a manner as shall
be most for their advantage and that of the proprietors'
of the soil whirl. they shall cultivate.
His Exeellen:y hopes that our brethren of .Areerica '
.will choose rather to settle is a country where they
may enjoy liberty and equality, than to hear slavery
and disgrace in any other, or to go to seek in Africa a'
condition less Iwnottrable and less easy.
I have the honour, SFr, to salute yon with much
respect. (Signed) 13. Srstag...ca.

REPORT FROM Fla !MEET COMMITTEE ON THE STATE

t)I, LONDONAIRIDGE.

The Select Committee appointed to inquire into the
present state of Loudon-bridge, and to consider if any,
and what alterations or improvements are necessary or
proper to be made therein, under existing circum-
stances, and to report their observations thereupon ;
and to whom the several petitions, which were pre-
sented to the House upon the Ist and 4th days of
May last, relating to London bridge; and the eeveral
Reports made from the Select Committees, in the years
1799, and WO, and I tdol, on that subject, were re-
ferred ; have inquired accordingly, and have agreed
upon the following Report:--
Your Committee have proceeded in the examination
of evidence in support of the petitions referred to them :
from which it appears, that much inconvenience and
damage are occasioned to the craft navigating the
River, from the construction of London-bridge; but
they have not had time to complete their inquivyt and
to report whether any or what remedy it may be pro-
per to recommend. Your Committee therefore trust,
that the House will re-appoint them early in the next
Session; when they will be able to give the subject
that fall consideration which its importance de-
mands. •

A Medical Reader has drawn our attention to a
whimsical blunder copied from the ifoadtenr, the
leading journal of Paris, into the second column of
the third page of the Mirror of Monday. It is there
stated that a Parisian herbalist was fined for selling
" Saint R,asnaniens Datetra" instead of an emollient
herb, and that the article sold caused somnambulism.
Our friend tells us that the herb which produced this
effect, was Stre,Nonians Datnra. The original printer
probably mistook the two first letters of Stromerno
for an abbreviation of the word Saint. and by this
misconception enriched Botany Bay .with a new Oast,
and Heaven with a new Saint.—(rateciorglifimr.)

• THE sl A'TiESUAN.

IRE LAND.

DENDATJti ASSCIES. Juts 17.
ACTION of TRESPASS and FALSE IMPRISONMENT.
JUESI PURIMURN r. THE PIOHT HON. W. U. YORTESECE,
VISCOUNT 1.14.11M0NT, P. TRAINER, A. TI,AIRRR, Sa,l

DORGAN, D. ELLIOT, J. DORTON, AND L. IeKINDZY.
Counsellor Senivex stated plaintiff's case. He al-
leged that defendants' conduct had been oppressive in
the extreme. They had made ain at unwarrantable
attack on his client's dwelling-house and offices, and not
only destroyed the roof and injured hl goods and furni-
ture, but left his wife and nine helpless children, ex-
posed for four %%volts to the inclemency of a winter
season, and bad unlawfully imprisoned himself for
several hours. The prLcipal defendant was Lord'
Clermont; the slit:ordinate ones were his Lordship's
creatures, his steward, his constable, and his la•I
Plaiiitid; Preelturn, was, he said, a respect-
able man, whose family hail leen tenants in 3lulliards,
on the Fortesene e-:ate, for the greater part of a cen-
tury. His lease hail expired; but in March I tSI6,
he had commenced a 1111 V take tinder his Lordship,
at `24is. per acre, the 101 l value of the land, and had
paid his rent regularly. lie had, however, received
a notice from Lord C. on the 2341 of July, 1819, to
surrender on the Ist of September then next, that.,
is„in six tree ha. This tooice he very properly deem-
ed insufficient, and resoised lo keep possession of his
lands, hi which he•had then a vs:iii:s'u!e cargo. On
the 2tith of October, defendanta, Elli.ot, M‘Kinlev,
and the Trainers, cause to the p .emises and stripped
34 feet of the backside of the roof of his house,
anti on bring iineati met! why they did so, produced
&is Lordship's writ!en order, us their antlawity. Plain-
tiff then reitiov;-1-his bedding partly to the front of
his h.:te:e, and partly to i:ia, rowliourte, where some
of his family were snbaeijuently obliged to sleep.
On the :!;tla of 04 tube:, i`l9, aliehael Morgan
and the 'I ruiners cam • to >nip the remainder of
the roof of plaintiti's li,atsea ; but finding hint
then determined to resist, t . y went away, and in a
short time returned with lit fendalit Elliott, I.is Lord-
ship's stewai4l. I'4 iecivi:44 i.laintiti again ready to
°plme them with a pitehfu.'s they retired, but re-
turned tl:r third time iv.'" Lon! Cli.nrioot dui uthera,
al:ont two o'clock. Under his Lordship's direction
they then prepared to istr.p the remainder of the roof,
affil when defendant endeavoured to resist them he was
collared by Lord Cler;:mtit. On his as..ing his Lord-
ship whether the law, of E.eglaii.l were to changed,
that tenants could be thrnst out of their heldings ?,
"I% His Lordship rt. "'1 hey are, and the lairs of!
Ireland too." .• rd . fors-Oily took his pitchfork ,
front him, an. . cid hint to Havenselale Pack, in cue-
tosly of %atom who ilettitteil hint a pr.soner two
hours, and dragged hint about is a cruel and brutal
manner. In the interim, Lord C., with a hatchet in
one hand and a pitchfork in the other, ascen led the
roof (lty a ladder), front lsh:elt lie for: ably drove his
son (who was eioi-avoari:9 to defend plaintiffs
property) and dirt% a.•,is:e.t, with notch activity,
in effectually at rippice the ruuf. 31r. Scriven
tarn detailed, at couaiderikle length, various
other sufferings endured by praintiff, in c:oiseetenee,
ii,
_alleged, of the cru_ll and tyrannical conduct of!
tiaMdant, which he feFetibibtel •in the strongest lam- I
gunge. Es-en in the defence of the present suit, his .
Lordship, h: sai I, had sought to crush his client, by
;he inn:auction of seven pleas, in hopes of rendering
the expense which must necessarily be incurred in re.
plying to gush voluminous matter too heavy for the I
tinanees of so poor and so oppressed a man.
Evidence was produced to corroborate this state-1
meat. Nu witnesses were examined on the part of the j
ileOndants ; their Counsel stating, that the I.laintitf, 1
by involving all the-parties who Lad witnessed the
unroofing of the premises in the suit as partiripes!
erimines, thereby deprived him of the benefit of their I
testimony. 1
He admitted that his Lordship's conduct bad been •
hasty and inconsiderate, but he said it was the duty I
of the Gentleinan of the Jury to divest their winds of
all feeling as to the situation of the rarties, and to 1
award such damages to the, plaintiff, as, under all the
circumstances of the case, he was entitled to receive as
a compensation bar the injury lie has sustained.
1 he Jury retired about half au hour, and brought
in a verdict fur the plaintiff of 3401. damages, and lid.
costs. . .
The verdict was received with great joy and accla-
mation by a crowded Court.

ATTEMPT TO Possim—We alluded, shortly, yes- I
terday, tot a nearly fatal ease of poisoning, by corro-
sive sublinuttr, which took place on Monday morn-
ing in Naught itstaect, of which the following arc the
particulars industrious man of the name of
Byrne, proprietor of the Soda Water Manufactory in
that street, was under the care of a medical person,
for an affection of his eyes, fur the cure of which lie
was taking a bottle of stomach bitters. His wife,
who is only about two months married to biro, has
lived on very bad terms with hiui ever since her mar-
riage, scarcely a Jay passing that differences and dis-
putes have not occurred between theni, so as to render
the unfortunate man's life miserable. On Sunday
evening, Con. Molloy, the son of this woman by a
former marriage, obtained, under some pretext, a
quantity of corrosive suklimste, at a shop where he
was well kupwn, took it home, and it appears in evi-
dence, that on that evening. corrosive sublimate was
mixed with the medicine Byrne had been in the habit
of taking. Sin the following morning, Byrne took a
dose of his medicine, as usual, on swallowing which,
he instantly exclaimed he bad taken poison, and went
to get possession of the remainder. of the medicine left
in the bottle. Attempts were made to prevent his get-
ting possession of the bottle, and when that was leaf-
fectual, to break the bottle in his pocket. He, bow-
ever, made off with the bottle to a neighbonring'Sur-
geon, who, on examining the bottle, withont.hesiti-'
tion pronounced that corrosive sublimate had her
mixed in a very large quantity, with the mediefisie—
We are happy to state that the man is not dead, bet
lies in a very weak state at the moment of writing
this. The woman and her son have been committed tdi
Newgate, to abide their trial at the next Commies*.l
We,state, fur the information of the public, in aimlffne
eases, that the remedy made use of in this tale by thi
medical men in attendance, was Albumer, or the Mad
of eggs, mixed with water and sugar.—(Cerrick's
Morsi ig Port

N4UTIC.-1L INTELLI+

TORTOLA, JUNE 13.-74. crews
vessels were pat on board a schooner,
bound for St. Lucia and Trinidad,
Passage, from an lierinophrodite
Artieas's commissioa and colours.
Spanish r, with upwards
Africa, taken on the 26th, and
from La (lua.pra, with a load of
and upwards of 10,000 dollars,
sengers; in all about 30 men sent
St. Thomas.
Ycssats SMILE:NI WlTlL—Friends,
bee, 25th ult. lat. 45. lon. 49. 30.
Poole, Newfoun.lland, 2d inst, lat.
Kneeshaw arrived at Liverpool.
Brown, London to Quebec, 24
41. 25. by the 'I hetis, Charters, ,
Argus, Wilkins, of Workington,
9th inst. lat. 45. 50. lon. 40. by
arrived at Bristol.
Jane, Weddell, Greenock t
Berkeley's Sound, Falkland Isles, _
Stranger, Literpool to Philadelphia,
47. 50. lon. 19. 30. Commerce,
to Salem, and Indian Trader, Li,
on die 10th inst. lat. 49. 31. lon.
verpool to New York, llth inst.
12. 29. by the Heart of Oak, Reed,
River.

Bolen, Bristol to Newfoundland,

50. lon. 38. by the Bell, Carlisle,
Amphitrite, l'oule to Newfoundland,
19. lon. 41. by the Susan, Cog

Mary, Kinsale t.► North America,
50. lon. •13.:3.1.. by the Cohn and
rind at Lirerpo)l,

liext oust rv.—Last Friday the Corporation
lin, unanimously voted an annuity of IOU!.
nidow and the daughter of that Charles
whose real, wisdom and talent the Corporation sane*
ledge themselves indebted for the privilges whiak
they enjoy. '1 he objects of this generous rote awls
the lowest state of penury. The sothe; is Ki wan
of age, the daughter beyond 50. The vote saes else
the Corporation will pay the annuity orlirs their fait
that/ rodtgle then so to do. We hope the ladies an
spot in a hurry.

The sante day the Corporation admitted* the free-
Joys of Dublin about 160 persons .
at Merchants the day before. The
of emancipation was Miss Mary
lireen. The Dublin papers tell us
father, ..ilderm.in Nugent, returned
good humoured strain, for the
ou bins in grAnting the freedom of
his daughter.—( Lewd add maimed
ter.)—Fie begged to assure them it w
precedent, as Lady Arabella Denny,
distinguished ladies, were molten
M.rchants. Down here in'tbe conntrw,
wonder of what materials this Build of
chants can be convened.
Fcatous Efistrlxo.—Friday evening
bucks were driving at a very shap -
chaise up Fleet-street, and with the
/mitt knocked down an elderly female,
her, %%idiom attempting to stop the
rite respectable governor of New,
trAssaction, called out to the person
to stop, but finding that he was determii
he (Mr. Brown) seised the horse
stopped the vehicle. The driver
Brown did not let go the horse,
whip down Mr. Brown's throat, and
him. Mr. Brown seized the whip
pieces, ;:m1 demanded the name of
They refused to give them at first
which had assembled assisted Mr.
.nnfortonate female to a surgeon'.
Shoe-laue, Fleet-street, and prevents.
from going away till they had given
Mr. 11. then returned to the, chaise,
tletneo their conduct was infamous ; they
purely accidental.—Mr. B. replied, that
their conduct, and he never saw such
tertnined carelessness ofihe life of a iv.-
One of the gentlemen replied, " I'll Fireless
dress : I know, you, Mr. Brown. ►lr. BenettllP
swered, "I think 1 know you ; your name is Mir
He replied, " Yes, it is." Mr. Brown then rejeille
" Yes ; 1 recollect yon were tinder my care for sot
time for being concerned in a dad." Mr. Mal,
plied, " Yes, 1 was." The other then gave his seiteles

LLIGENCE.
crews of two Spools!!
lad, o " crtiftrohe RoundmSt.n
Ro
Mite brir, armed tide
urs. 'I he one crew era
do of 200 negrJes,k"
I the other a schoowt
of coffee, mil Tao* •
t, taken from the pos.
scut from this port fof
'fiends, London to Qv,.
49. 30. Telemsclis,
let. 48. lon. 35. by do
rpool.
2d inst. lat. 16, 35. to
s, arrivd in the Cl*
Tton, bound to Qleb,,c,
by the Mary, MA%
the South Seas, it
lea, 21st April.
ladelphia, 6th ion. ht
of and from Liverpool
Liverpool to l'irgioix,
lon. 14., Mt lunette /4.
it. in lat. b. Sg.
geed, array rO4 •
and, 6th inst. lat. 47.
Ile, arrived at Labarge
andland, sth hut, 4
arrived at Brisk
aeries, 9th loot. tat. 44
and Marv, lib'',
the Corporation of Doti
iinuity of 100 i. ts
that Charles Lem; it
the Corporation acknow
v she rtvien.....

is who passekthelialla
'The first apseqhtslitt
ry Nugent.
I us that MiniNagents
rued thanks, is a vier
honour they enterrei
of the corporation is
tinned roars Vl.**
m It was not widhoot
lofty, and several Ai
iben of the Mild If
conntro, people olla
Juild of Dahlia Ike
evening two ilsalialg
tap rate in awe-loge
Ali the greatest snag
female, and rode ern
the horse. Mr. Brava
Newgate, seeing the
.rson who was dricis;
s determined to gs"
me by the bridleoni
er threatened if lk
e, he would in* li
, and actuctly streak*
whip and broke it u
! of the gentlemen.—
: first ; but the oil
dr. B. to remove lb
in's at the corner Id
,vented the grottoes
given their stitirsasta
rise, and told the FP
uas ; they said it ay
lied, that he wituessi
such wilful and de
of a fellow creatattr
give:roe milli

-- es, ■ was. aue uturr Wru isa•. •••••
and drove off. Mr. Brown returned to the
female, who was much injured, and blemibig pi**
from the head and face, and pledged himself is to
justice done her. She is a respectable worms,
resides in Carter-lane, Rector's Commons.
MOST DISTa Ace; mgt.-0 n Saluda,
about nine o'clock, a pleasure boat, in which
Lloyd and his son, of Carter-lase, Doctors' Comm"
and some other friends, were returning las* bore
aquatic excursion, woes at a short diets*.
terl,lo Bridge, the boat received a Mica
which Mr. Lloyd, jun. who was ARP
boat, fell overboard ; and although every effort Maw
him was made by the party, as well as by sees ifol
men who came to their assistance, ha was droassid
BIRTH.
On threads Inst. at Collier's Wood, Surrey, We tat
John Tyrrell. saq. of a sou. _
On Saturday leek at his beam at
Da
the 7lst year of his age, the Rae. Reynold
ths-graat regret of his wildfires sad a n
friends.
On Satvedaylast, at Part-sheet, isUartoo.
year. Mrs. Witherby, wldoir of the late Mr. fJ
W Itherby. of Bitehis-lass.
Os Tuesday lest, at the apartments of bar
Chelsea College. aged le years, Cltarlatte, year
of the Rev. Richard Smith, of Salons to
Os Newsday. at Hadley, Mary, theirial_ll,
bevy, Esq. late Lleat-Coleeel of the Sari. *Mow
Loader : Rdlted, Printed. sad PnitHcomird4e.b...
"Ten eraresseaw."l end !"rant
Porn). Nit. IN. Strand, atop*** aladost •
by R. WARDRLL. L.LIII-1
araabletkies, Orden, *a. are reqweetsd
•
