LONDON:
PRIDAY 004110, DIRCH 10, 1810.

We expatiated with great complacency on the
teens wo expected the elections in the tslls titles
of Loodon and Westminster, and in the borough
of Seethwark, might be supposed to take, before
ere had felt the disappointment, in tornmon with,
the friend 4 of REFORM, in seeing the Worthy
/Wonsan WATTlnfoll at the batten* of the poll.
\lit that his going into the House of Commixes
IS an honest individual Member, with half a dozen ,
ethers equally esteetted by us, could bare done 'I
resell per re : for it would have been in that con-
wheation merely what the eloquent Sir FRANcIe '
BelenrrT /aid, like a few drops of pure elernen- '
46 water poured into the briny wit towards
wait it froth :—but it would have manifested
Ikt sort of spirit, and cherishing the principle of
"formation, which would have been an earnest of
•selesire and determination speedily effectuating its
retire purilcation. In this light, then, we sissM
*ewes) to see a man throWn out of the laud-
*, career towards a Reform, without which,
ere Mr. 0. LAMB confesses we are an undone
People.
Tl:at Alderman WAITHMAI need not be
fthemed if be is forted back into the bosom of his
ysuay eoe of his friends will freely say,—this
maim he most hove forgone during the period of
bit mat in Parliament, for he attended his duty u
"platy there as any Member whatever. He'
husegittlod himself u became him, and will, no
44011, led the solace we speak of, and which he
well deserves.
• " Low iby soestry, servo It VIII,
dot iiritti toe Wines a are:
• 12.1 ha Awaits. that, vilMs 41 fell,
• Taira its rsis dldst net *aro."
elf mod for himself; but now for the, sows I
411116**11 amigos his domestic mire), mesh'

THE

'ATI

againit his own wishes. The first is said to be thel
vast fortune and personal influence of his almost!
only opponent, Sir H'. Curti*. This is a humiliat-
ing consideration to every honest and uprightl
mind. It tends more and more to widen the
breach of, and spread the jealousy of those of mo-
derate fortune and bereft condition, against the
rich. There is nothing either unnatural or ex-1
traordinary in this state of things, that the poori
man should hate the rich man, if he can thus buy
up his liberty, or prolong his slavery : and that
this is the case in a hundred instances, at this mo-
ment, we may see by casting an eye upon•the
various elections now taking place in the rotten
boroughs, and other places, returning Members to
Parliament. We do not mean to affirm that the
wealthy Baronet goes with the money actually in
his hand, and bribes the voter—no, no. But there
are filly ways beside in which the tradesman,
and even the merchant, can be influenced. secretly
and softly influenced, to give his vote to the man
be cannot even esteenr, and from whom, if he had
the resolution according his self-approving prin-
ciple. he would turn away as being a tracker for,
enslaving his offspring for ages :o come, or per-
haps for ever! We are far from *idling to prop'
actibe a single fellow-citizen for his political tees
giversation, but we should like to know who ate
the men who before voted for WAITHMAN and
now vote for his adversary ; some of them, no doubt,
will plead the same excuse as the poor Apothecary,
in Romeo and Juliet, who sold the poison—" My
necessity, and not my will, compels me to it." The
Worthy Alderman " has borne his honours so
meekly" and properly, turd has fulfilled his duty
so honourably, that he may be said, with Sham-
e, to have " bought golden opinions (though.
not votes) from all kinds of people."

For Heaven's sake let the citizens of London act
a more consistent part on this trying occasion;
when the eyes of all England are upon them.—Let
then) not imitate the worst act of the Athenians in
rejecting ARISTIDES because he had committed no
fault and might become too popular. Our Alder,
man has not, like the son of Lysimachus, a Thentie-
lucks against him ; lie has one however equally
powerful in purse, though not in eloquence, and
" Money makes the mare (aye, and Mayor* too,)
to go."

On the Election for Westminster every thing ap-
peers satisfactory. Indeed, no sum in arithmetic
can be better proved, than that Mr. Hoaitorsz
would have been the sitting Member in the last
Parliament, but for the High Bailiff's unconsd.
lotions! disfranchisement of every elector who hap-
pened not to have paid his parochial taxes com-
pletely up. Two STaTessiate, ow its rerutarreader•
, well know, was the irst journal to cry oat against
that unjust, that iniquitous resolution of the Return-
ing Officer. In that outrageobs proceeding a man
I Was disfranchised ;—actually put on a level with
the stare, for having lost his pocket-book in a
11 crowd, by which his payment of the poor? rate of
his parish was deferred !! This appeal to the
people of Westminster can hardly be denominated ti
contest, since it is, as it were, already decided by the
I exposition of the difikrent views of Mr. Hostiotat
and Mr. Lassa. The following question antici;
pates the return —Can Mr. Linn be a fit person
to represent the high spirited people of Westmin-
I stair. since he applauded (as he did by his exposi•
tory letter) the late House of Commons, and ap-
Irroved of its sehding the patriotic Candidate, now
his opponent, to Newpte unheard, and, conse-
quently,. undefended I A punishment without a
I hearing of the case! A monstrosity in the order Of
justice ! As to Sir F. Duantrr, his return is out of
all question for ever, if he toniinne to act as he
has dons for the twenty-four years pest. We
• formed our opinion of him then, sod predicted
that he had taken ao firm, so right a stand, that
the people of England would lock to his banner,
for that he never Would strike.

Just at the seine period that the Americana ake
discussing in Congress the policy of forbidding the
iniportation of cotton and woollen-goodS and iron-
menufacturel from England, our sapient and ecti-i
noinical Ministers are planning how beet to make'
an addition of half a million a year to the Oita
List ! ! Under such Circumstances, the above con-
netted together, we Cannot help asking who are
the mad folks about the Court I and what is the
state of the Lunatic Asylums in England—whether
Ai to receive insane persons of high rank t
Nothing can be more proper than to pet
interrogatories to the Candidates Ibt seats in Pars
hament at this time, since, as Mr. Hoissouer well
observes, be was sent to Newgate on account of a
country gentleman (a Member of the House of
Commons) not utidetStanding a ?tote of enterre;•
!
Mr. Sheriff Rotliwell yesterday paid into Hoare's
baoking-house the sum of 1,2001., the money re-
ceived from the candidates *,r representing the
county of Middlesex in Parliament, for the expense
of erecting the hustings at Brentford. The eiee•
Lion is Axed for this day week.
We are happy to announce the return of our
justly popular Viceroy. His Excellency arrived at
Rowth on Saturday morsinc, acconspasied by toady
Ftsnres Talbot, sail his brotbor, the Holt. and Rev.
Mt, tailiot. and proceeded' tbOttet to 'belittler lb she
Penaht Mend 7.)

eertaili

114•

SNlTNArdflif RLscrioN.
The Election fur this Borough terminated this Jar at
twelve o'clock, it being intimated to the High Biiljfl
that tiir Thouns Tiirtim declined any further mint.
The numbers on the poll were as follows:
Mr. C 1.204
Sir RUIWIT WILiON
Sir T. TV RTON

The Ilion 8.111.1/7 then came forward. and, amidst
loud applause. declared Mr. Calvert and Sir Robert
son. Bart., duly elected to represent this ancient bit-
tames in Parliament.
Mr. Cat.vrit r then appeared and said, it would always
be his study to act for the interests of the electors or
Southwark.

Sir It. Wtt.soet thanked them fur the honour dond
him, and trusted he sl Id always merit and receive
their good upiuiun. Ile retired amidst loud applJuie.
The crowd then dispertwil at two o'clock.

CITY ELECTION.
• STATE OP TUC POLL rms OAT AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Mr. WiLsoK
!Air W. L.:yaws ...
• Mr. Alderman {Your*
The Lmt D Marna
Mr. Alderman ?Roar ll3B
Mr. Alderman Watenaram

WESTMINSTER ELF:I*I'IOY.
STATIC OF (111 PULL TO'S D AT TWo O'CLOCIL
Sir F. at RDi IT
Mr. Ilutsuinsti
Hos. O. .... Off .

:1-"aallb.;-- • • •
CITY Etacticut.—The friends 'of Alderman
W.uvitst,ol,it seems, are quite confident as to the
final result of the contest being in his favour ; urg-
ing as a reason. that for the lust twenty years his
conduct has been so distinguished in 'supporting
the privileges of the Livery ; also in coming forward
mane of the most intrepid advocates in the came
of librrty—his determined and eloquent oppo-
sition to every oblioxions measure brought for-
ward by Ministers. It might likewise be fairly
said of the Worthy Alderman, that, owing to the
zeal and energy he displayed as a Common-
eouncilman, from his first introduction among
that bosly, and since his elevation to a higher
civic situation, his manly political conduct has
not only operated as an example to many other
persons to tread in his steps, but tended to remove
that venality which so long disgraced the City;
paving the way for others to greatness, and abso-
lutely giving that spirited tone which it now pos-
sesses. The Worthy Alderman has no overwhelm-
ing influence from property ; he stands entirely on
his principles; and the lovers of freedom and the
British Constitution, who feel the value of so able
a defender of their rights and liberties, will rally
round him, and yet /Agee him iu a triumphant
situation on the poll.

The election for Barnstaple came on the Bth instant,
when F. Al. Otuanery sad Michael Nolan, Reps. were
declared dais elected ; Alderman Atkins (late Lord
Maroc of London) declined going to the poll.
The election to a Alenber of ?ornament to represent
the county of Mid Lothimetakes place on Monday next.
alustingilonshire election is (tied for Thursday, the
Atli inst. ; Suffolk, Friday, the 17th; Norfolk, Monday,
111 h 13th; aid Northamptonshire, Tuesday, the 14111.
No touted annomiced for any of these essunties.
siirtas, elortioes-toe alsolossisty of 14mobvisige will lathe
!Beton Satehinv, the lath weeleit is expected she
es Members sign be returned without* opposition.
Lord riseothot ll'almerston, of St. hollow a College; eald
John Henry Smyth £aq. of Trinity College, were, al
Wednesday last, unanimously re-elected Represeutatives
in Parliament for Cambridge Unieersity.
Cosinatncit Boutocult Etacirtoo.—l'he election of two
Representatives in Pqrlianient for this borough took
place yesterday, at the Shire Hall. After the usual
orelirninary forum, Ali. Alderman Co. proposed Colonel
Trench as a proper person to represent the borough, and
hos seconded by Mr. B. tattoo. The Colonel then ad-
dressed the Mreiiu in an eloqiiat speech; after which,
Dlr. Alderman Barker nominated Charles Madryll
Cheere, Kay. as one of the Representatives of the
borough, and Mr. Alderman Willimot seconded the a•-
mination. Mr. Cheere, in a concise speech, declared his
principles bf loyalty to the King and attachment to the
Mr. Alderman litirleigh next proposed Heart)Olto
Adeane, Esq. and was seconded by Mr. Jobe Finch.
Mr. Meant, was not present. Mr. Michael Foster then
rtominatesi Hier,' Pryor, Esq. as a Representative for
the borough, and Mr. Alderman Botteutley seconded
the nomination. Mr. Pryme rose and adareised the'
Meeting at considerable length, and eith his *soil
dbinty.
The Mayor then declared the nemeses( thecancilditel,
and the show of hands was most decidedly in favottr of
Mr. Adeane and Air. Pryme. A poll ens immediately
demanded for Colouel Trench and Iflt. Cheery o and poli-
te( continence!. It was, however, demanded by Air.
M. Poster and Mr. Alderman Bottoreley, that the free-
then Should be required to take the usual oath against
bribery, which was accordingly administered by lb.
Town Clerk.
The poll continued open till three o'clock; during
*bleb time fel freemen voted for Colonel 'l'reach and
Mr. Cheers., Id for Mr. Adeane, and Id for Mr. Peyote.
setween *nod 40 householders tendered their votes for
Messrs. Adeane and Peyote, which were rejectted.by
the Mayor, who declared Colonel trench and C. M.
®beets., Esq. to be duly elected. The Members at-
tempied to retorts that**, but the noise in the hall wis
sna great., that they foetid it impossible to obtain a hear-
ing. The Elleetiag then dispersed.
It is stated to be the intuition of the friends of Messrs.
*deism and Peens* to bring the question as to the right
of hooseholdeis to vote for the election of Representa-
tives, before a Committee of the House of Commons.
The election of a gentleman to represent ibis district
df burghs, will take place at Anoan on the 31st instant,
when there is no doubt our present excellent Member
' will be re-elected without a single dissenting voice.—
(Duties Cu u rier.)
