" T flb 1:4)t
grATEIVALIIII

- .: .4 ss —•.--.Lar..:.71tt0t.r...------------—..---_
t.ols, ha I the baseness to traduce and defame the
conduct and characters of those who may notbsi
(fi.biosed to acc 'moony them in all their priijecte. 1'
•
Slice arts he held in staverejm contetnpt,, and
should never descend to employ ittii! even to ie.
quire the as:probation of the ipeiiio; lt *teasnot '
without feelings of re:srct atm' ntortificatko;•that .
he found himself deprived of ineli oplik•ohatioe. by'
ti(,. 1).1,,•gt misrepresentation anti fhe Nuked polyp.
niei. But tliis lie must submit to %Wit .palitintil,'
a- it was a defect inherent in all free o.;rerliiiiente. •
Escre thing proted that popularity wa.l es%lfitd"
et fortene. if it should follow hie humble elfiVils;
he would re.ceive it as a grateful proof of hiCiavitt4
faithfully discharged his duty ; but if be slitiullite
reduced to all alttroative between .. arid'popitlaritY
r,ectlitiii of eoudect and action, he should ui ver
h•sitate a moment what decision to make. No-
thing should ever induce him to sub•eit to that
basest de-criptiott of servitude, that vilest degree
of slavery, to be conteut to flatter the worst pre-
judices of the people. Thu most dangerous con.
b.:truces were to be apprehended, if the feelings
of the people were to be general against the pri.
vileges of Parliament ; because if they should
once succeed in overthrowing these privileges,
they would destroy the firmest security for the
liberties of the nation. The Noble Earl then
brielly recapitulated the various subjects to which
is . had felt it hit duty to call the attention of their
Loed,liips—ihe estal lisliment of some stable eyr.
temp of tin ince—the conciliation of neutral pow.
cis—the adoption of measures fur re-establishing
a:free currency---a speedy endeavour to allay the
discontents of the people particulat ty in Ireland—
economic:it reforme, as far as may be consistent
with the peldie service-411d lastly, a temperate,
and cautious, but sincere measure of " reform.
Thee were the rrinciples, which, if amended to,
muukl • oleic the enunt:y to meet the dangers and
dlffielalties wit` which it was surrounded. 'ilia
Noble Earl then concluded a very able anti clo-
tinent speech by moving :
" That an Address be presented to his Majesty, earnestly
to entreat his Maitsty's attention to the :satire w inch, im-
pressed with a deep sense of the iocreasine dodgers of the
emotes, his Majeply's fAitliful so:sleets. the Lords Spiritual
antrienaporal iu Hirlitiment assembled. have Mt it to be
their iuMspvii,able duty humbly to suount to his
royal coosideration.
" To $ tate to his Majesty that we cannot doubt his Ma-
jesty's readiness its embrace the first opportunity ors-outbid-
int a peace au just end reasonable terms ; but that, looking
to the vesture of thecomest ill whirl' wit are eagageg, to the
power of France, now unhappily eitablislied over the
greater part of &insist. sad to the spirit acid character of
the Gnverienitut isf that ciliary, we are emovinceit that this
event, snaosiciusly desired by his MaPsty and Milord peo-
ple, will be best penanstrd by proving to' the world that,
made his Maiastyls actuated by the 'mist just and inoderate
views, we purls Ow memo of perm:steady sopporting the
boater and indetwialroce of war country against every species
of *limit by which the euemy hey hullos assail them.
" TAW, for this purpose, it is indispemahly necessary
that his Majesty's- Vioblfl3/11r111 Should Proteforth adopt a
wise and systematic policy; restilated not tally by a jest es-
timate of our present dttdeoldeer but by a prudent foresight
of the probable exigeocies of a protracted warfare; that
we have deeply to lament that the coedits/ of his Majesty's
Ministers has been, in this respect, directly the reverse of;
what the butte-as ;tud the safety of his Majesty's dominions
required; that they have blindly involved, themselves la '
schemes of cuatineetal nperatlu*, when they could Web Is
no power capable of affording them an adequate supporta;
and rashly cog:toil hi espeduows, an defective iu their plow, 1
so impolitic in their objects. end so ill canibined, as to the 1
time at 'bleb they were undertaken. that they could termi-
nate mile is an unprofitable waste of the resources and the
woad of his MajwstylisfaillOhl sob Wets.
" That whilst the war hits been thee enfortuaately cow
deeded, add oar future means of defence fberifiy materially
impaired, the eundiect of his Majesty's Governmeitt, with
respect to Neutral Powers, has traded to retard an amicable
arrangement with those whom it was •11206 t our interest to
conciliate, and mute with lb its opposition to the measures of
France.
" That for the professed purpose *of counteracting those
measures, a system has been adopted, tinder which no Inde-
pendent Power could he expected to acquiesees foul new and
visionary projects in legislation have heed resorted to, which
have brought almost every branch of our trade to depend ma
the permission, and to be exercised under the enntronl, of the
Exerutive Government i whilst a considerable portiou of that
trade has been traursferred to a foreign navigail=th=eby !
improvidently supplying the enetny wolf a new:. fur 11
the improvement of his neaps' • '-'' .• ' ---_
46 That in what inure iinhetlitstely 4oerecns nor alammtie
policy, we have equally. to• complain of the total want of
wisdom and of foresight in the Colon-Os of his Majesty.
" That in-iefut of any weilLeiesidered and permaitent via;
tem of finance, ail 'pled to tint exigencies of a protracted
warfare, the expel-wive and immisiScident operationsof the last
three years have hems suppliig by teinpetrary and inipolitie
exptudients; that our paper circuintion, front -w hich the re-
striction imposed on the flank had re iiiii veil the ooly.adequale
nod effectual limitation, has hero extended tit a d'e4ree h ;Oily
dangerous to the pecuniary interests of the countrit Out *Oa
attempt has brew made, by wise mud equ'3ahle urrangernettis,
to alloy the discontents :wising from religious differences
oinowsst his Nl.sjesty's faithful subjects, more pare:cid arty in
Ireland ; and that, under the 11114:cunpled pressure-tiroaaxa-
lion, necessarily burclertsione in its aluoun!, andeevere is its
collection, no measure has been talseu to retirove thee:owes of
just complaint, either by introduciig. an effective camas:ay
into the great branches of the public service, or by the due
consideration of such timely reforms. as m ty, to any ilotanee,
be found requisite, for restoring to our blvd. 'talent tit •I toac-
tical excellence, which the glade:xi corriquons of time may
have obscured or diminished,
"'That we should ill discharge our duty to his Majesty and
the Public, if we were to disguise from him our well-fouud-
ed apprehensions. that, owing to these, and other causes.
eiscentent and distract are trginniog to diffuse themselves
aisom_gst his Majesty's faithful pe.iple. ,
" That we entreat his Mijesty not to listen to those who
would persuade lulu, that such discontent and distrust, in
whatever degree the' may exist, are solely to be attributed
to the evil arts Illasil, hostile to the 'Merest, of their coun-
try. and seeking I. excite the people to *a filmiest of those
inaitutime. on which their freedom and happiness tescisti-
:Sly depend : ilost we are finely convinces!' such designs
have us yet found no favour iu the hearts of his Majesty's
10):11 subjects, und that pothing eon afford to thine who en-
tertain them any hope of success, but that the impolitic aid
oll'ensive inattention to the reel sufferings, and just complaint.
of the people, thot determined resistance of every prop-used
correction of uhaseti,_ which, in our own linos, we have seen
aroduce such fatal effects in other countries.
" 'feat we humbly pray, that his Majesty will he pleased
to take this, our dutiful repro,. creation, into his immediate
“1-1 most serious (amides:moo. That he will see the 'acres-
k.ts. of adopting sari, measures as may deprive the enemy of
elf hopes of success. f: nom at failure of our national resources:
i h :the will, theref re, actively concur with bit Parliament,
I ! giving effect to evolution-al and systematic arrangeineuts,
fir the conduct of the war, iii providing for a recurrence to
the true principles of a free commerce find circulation, both
sat home and abroad; in etideavouriag, by a wise end liberal
f'l'ier, to unite in the bonds of a convict,' interest all classes
g' his Majesty's subjects, of whatever rely sous Fratasion;
4941 la'tlYs that he obi he graciously please,' to voioneoonce
the temperate consideration, and deliberate adopt' cf such.
Silmly reformations, both cecooomical and political, al may
sa.isfy his loyal people that the sacrifices required of them
are strictly limited, awl faithfully applied to the real iate-
seas nod safety of the !rabbi.; amid tSttt, both for prevrating
Itie growth of any dangerous abwes, nod for controulfog Me
mi,osindust of his Majesty's advisers, they continue *Zees
1.1-eiv to posse's those securities.' which have been Jhe bpast
of the British tloverninetit, and are essentially inherent in
every free Coustitetion.
" That we entreat his Majesty to he avowed, that hi emotes!
Ins-tiding these measures situ all the earitestnesa. wit kets a vei-
-1 iction that they are indispensable for the stitsioli tif tYie
''entry inspires Re never eau lose sista titiiiir nbligatiou
1, eipport tin; just prerogative piapi Ara-50 splentluisr of
t .c croon; the venerable vitah isitikelA tif opt Ito! v iteti-
'm; and the am•ient mend etsiesiti. Kighls at.it Privilege-. of
'41:I Ming. 11l our trill residuum& to manikin' these, uadrr

A *6
all cirruns tutstanees, at witb ail oaraellvoritymoid power,
are well waared 'hot .wo Awl' ttot fail ta featly& tba strlfivol
iieaufurrrnee ilii.lfuppn-of in moats of his Stalesty% faithful
liernile, -eft's:inertias they, mitthr. that It it no ivy+ their lute-
rest tlaaii their ilaty, faithfully to adhere to those falai:annual
principlespf oar Government, which, assigniusr to its vuriou4
I inatituilmo rights. pecull.tr to rash, and ntre,xary for the pre-
vevolition a all. venire, liv their itoppy elsoihinntion and
harry. W the Executive Power. stalicientstreaetth, to toe,
tfes tature, kts 14.411N:try iodeproJeare. oat! to the .wttule,
eteloiiallo. ate blr,tingN of a wello.e,utatett freedom." •
l'.
Tisofiiirl of I.IV EaPOO i. commence:l by ob.
sdetting%he Noble Lord's speech had embraced s
414lity.of inipies, each of which would of itself
•hilve hoewstslficient for the consideration of one

evening. Ile (lid not bla:►c his couded in so
briastlog forward the statements to which he ad.
luded ; situated as he was, and at such a late tte.
tiod of the Session, it might he perfectly natural
fat .the Noble Lund,
.or indeed fur any one else,

feeling as ho did, so to do. lie, however, coohl
not think that %hat lie I►ad advaniced was intended

to be submitted as a plan fur the adoption of the

lluust. lie conceived it was rather 'intended by
the N,,ble Lord to pass for his own intliaidnal
protest, as if all the opinions expressed by the No.
hie Lord were well founded (and he trusted he

shmad prove that a great many of them were nut)
silll he could not expect that the (louse would de.

cub on questions of so much importance, without
having sonic previous notice given on the subject.
Toe opinions of that Noble Lord, he, however,
admitted at all timer and on all occasions bad

great weight, and went entitled to furl consider-
ation, and he should therefore proceed to comment
on them. lie proposed to speak of the 'subjects
which had fatten under discussion, pot in the or-
der in which they bail been treated by the Noble
Lord, :hut wishing to speak of those which were
yet fresh In the memory of their Lordships, ho
should first advert.. to ',those% topics touched upon
in the tatter part of the Noble. Lord's speech.
atoald out but express the most entire satin.
faction*. the, sentiments expressed by his Lord.
ship on one question which had of late much agi.
tated the public Mind—that concerning the Privi-
leges of Parliament. He admitted the full force
of 'his opinion too time subject, most perfectly
agreeing with lam that it was necessary for •she
good of the public
.that Parliament Ot,,tald be in
puss:mama tar She Privileges to which they had laid
claims. They were necessary and essential to the
proper discharge of their fostetions, as nothing
'could be of more importance to the nation than
that their Representatives should be preserved
from being intimidated by menage, and by • the
dread of insult. from a proper and' conscientious
discharge Of their duty. Of the• evil effects of
this the Noble Lurd had given them several illus.
(rations, hut a most instructive example was fitr:
'oisilted by thu Revolution in France, of what
'might bo expected from the deliberations of such
an assembly. The body then formed, and calling
'themselves 64 the Constituents of the People," lied-
been thus circumstance(' ; the consequence was,
being too mach under the importer of the popu.
lace, though they boasted some omen of virtue and
of talent among them, every chance of success
was lost by the manner in which their delibera.
lions Were conducted, through fear of becoming
unpopular. Ile perfectly agreed with the Noble
Lord as to their right to the privileges they.
claimed. Not only bad they been theirs from
time immemorial, a pretty strong argument in
their fatonr—not only had. they been supported
by the most illustrious of unr patriots, another
pretty strong argument in. their favour-7mA Only
did it appear that our liberties, had . flourished
and expanded under them, which was also a
pretty strong argument in their behalf, but they'',
Naturally grew out of the deliberations of such an,
assembly, and were necessary to its very existence
fur any e',t dent purpose,t. The trial by jury was-,
nut of itself sufficient to secure the rights of the'
subject. In. Ilk. reign of Charles 11. in that or,
'Henry VIII. and at some of the worst periods of
oarlatory, trial by jury had been still preserved,
though thesubjeet had been grievously oppressed.
.in:stating this tai their Lordships, he was far, very I
rar from undervaluing trial by jury ; but he con.
tended that trial by jury altorded no adequate au.
corky for the public without those privilegesnf
Parliament. No laws, however wise and just—no
jurisdiction whatever could alone give sufficient
eecurity to the subject without a something be.
sitid...—to in feet above thew—without a constantly
'vigilant and contruuling Parliament. IN was stir.
ry that he coal' not agree' with the ether parts of
the Noble Lord's speech as he did with this. On
the subject of Reform, he could not but express
surprise that the-Noble Lord's sentiments should
remain the same as they were twenty years ago,
seeing circumstances were so materially changed
within that period. That a timely and salutary
return% had at all times a claim to approbation,
could not be denied. If the Noble Lord meant
to say that the present Ministers systematically re.
Mstedsuch a Reform, the experience of their-Lord..
ships most refute the charge. They had uniformly
'Manifested a contrary disposition. Nut one year,
not one Session bail elapse(' without a remedy. be..
lug applied to sonic practical evil. If romodla
had nut been attempted to be applied in some in.
stances where complaints were made, it was be.
Cattle those things that were in such cosy* soon.
plaited of as grievances and evilsi Whets exentined
were not considered to be such. As to the gene.
rap theory of Reform, se far was he from thinking
that if the subjectriduliesltets up as proposed else.
where, a reduction or the Public existences would
take place, that he did not hesitate to predict that,
in such a case a -great addition' would be nut& to the
public expenditure. It was true that 4be King's
revenue had been increased—,it was true that
feces were mupiplieitand salaries augmeekel; but
he wished their Lordships to look back eraser
periods, to period. •a, which every thing; wg' sap.
tweed to be so witch itcttero and contraatlibo pro.
seas Civil List with that of other reirs. ' TheCt..'
wit List of William 111. was 700,0001., sad :now.
gulated. rost, .of. Queen Anne sod George L
700,0001. and unregulated. George Inv
:8Q0,0.001. and .unregulated. These sums, 114,
,psidly the Hereditary States, were to be ;Sale
the country. The 01S11
.I.lst4t present
kaitia• iMb to 950,0001. and it was 4n: be *beetled
that.4wes regohited is aQ its:parts. Blackstone
had stated the revenue of the Crown to be as low

_

=~

---~-:

. ~j

r7="77.7r..----. µ.-71----- - .-----7 -----;- -----:
•
iii W01111(6:I !WO) e tte ik 0, ii iff.ito maitttein RS.
it
.1_114"11, ,Ird viould adE 1,1,r.'44,4 rho wood look !
beet and' thimilitto 'his consideeimion all the con.
ilogenCiel 'atte'nding the ideifecratioo of money%
&c. if 050,0001. at the present day, bore, any
thing like 4 proporihni to the 7W,0001. whiCh was
the 'civil esfabliatinien't in ihe time of Kiug,Wil.
liam, brio the' St)0,0001. igraatid to Geon;e the
Second ? Ministers had no objection to 414 ee'.
Inimical reform. If there were grinners which
called for limit a reform, let the Noble Lord state
them,' and a. practical remedy should be applied.
He was, linweser, averse to a sweepieg, indefinite
theory of reform. Whatever might be said of the
multiplied expench of the State, he' sincerely be-
lieeedthat there never was a rich and prosperous
country, the civil govertencet of which was con.
doted at an el penCe SO comparatively small. Ile;
had matte inquiiies into the expences of the civil
government of America, and though America was
a tiepubliC, the population of which did not,per.
liapsamreed t third 'met of the population of, the
Britilh lila, and though the consumption of artia
cles of ittitury,could not be very great, he .found
the • expeures attending . the civil government
amounted nearly to AOO,OOOl. and that fur a coo-'
try where the population did not exceed sixmil.
lions of persons; and where much leas property
was to be protected' than that protected by the
Britlsh•Goverrament, greatly exceeded in propor-
tion
the expences of the English Civil List. As to I
the representation of the, People in Parliamenf, he
woutml say, he believed there never was a pedad
in our history when it was less uncqual—that it
was unequal in theory, he won't) admit ; but Oft
theoretic inequality he regarded as one of the
greatest advantages of our Constitution. Mr.
Burke had professed himself to be of a similar opi-
nion, and asserted it to bo that circumstance which
made the House of Commons what it was. if they
were to endeavour to give it a theoretic equality,
in the first place they could never know where
to stop, and he believed it woimlat fimmaily
tend to the destruction of the whole system.—
The principle on which Parliament- hail been in
the habit of arch,{ for some years past, was in his
opinion that of tilMtiti policy. They had gone on
the system of remedying practical evils, instead of
adopting ati indefinite theory which would have
been inconsistent with the security of the people.
The plaits proposed for a Reform emit to univer.
sat suffrage, or at least to snake population the
basis of representation, to the L.:Wolin' of proper-
ty. Such a Change he thought conk! not but be
exceetliugly injurious in. its etrecot. Adverting ao
what had been said by the Noble Lord o :all r es.
pest to the Catholic claims, he wished to call the
attention of the Muse to the real state of the
question. The Noble Lord (Lord Grey), for his
own part, was only willing to grant their prayer
on a condition which he did not know the. Catho-
lics would accept, and which Ministers had reason
to believe they.would ;cruse. This being the state
of the ease, he thought it unnecessary to say more
on that subject. lie now pruceed.al to speak on
the circumstanced of the war. Whatever differ..
ence of opinion formerly exisierl on that subject,
he believed among .all slitter rational men but little
contrariety of sentiment remained. When peace
could be honourably and ntivaistageondy male, it
wouldeertaiuly be utmost desirable ; but that it could
not be at the present moment, Parliament and
the cuuptry were pretty generally satisfied. The
Nuble Lord had °counselled the husbanding of
Ltheir resources, and the avoiding of co-operation as
!much as possible. On this subject, as he had said
before, lie wished them fairly to consider the merits
Of the ease 7 . and dbcide whether or not such a line
of conduct would prove most conducive to the in.
tarots of the country. After a few worth; in vindica-
tion of the appropriation of the Consolidated Feud,
ho proceeded to state, that our great resources
'of public wealth were increasing, and the nation,
far from being in a decliiiing slate, was rising, and
had risen higher than ever in commercial prospe-
illy. Such was the real state of things when
the Noble Lord hail thought proper to move a
censure so severe. lie knew the justice of their
'Lordships, and he knew they would not pass such
• censure without ascertaining that it was richly
deserved. Had he (Lord Liverpoui) thought
proper to move such an Address at the end of one
year of the Nubia Lord's (Lord Grey's) Mini-
itisiratitni, how ;natty failtres„ how sanity dis-
graces, might he have crowded into it. " Look,"
said the Noble Lord, " Look at the State of the
j'Nation now, and compare it with what it was
then*. With all we have lost, the balance is in
favoiir of the present moment. • Russia at that
period was nearly as she is now. Austria certainlysl
was not supported by the Administration of •tliutar
day, and Prussia, during the short period they were
in power, (salt, and probably fell to riserin tdore.7.l
I
The Nettie atrd cOliaduded by expressing.h'at's
ofsatisfaction, the change iu the postuee,of to
*Wis. '' ! • .
Earl aTAN(TllPE.expressed his owprise, particularly ph
ebe haw poraorthe speech of the Noble Secretary, wheit he ,
spoltisef the glory mod propperity to which this country Mei
OMIT!! 41'0110 his own blessed mill 66 166 uttration, [ 414411.3 1
He riectlid the privileges el loses liv the lluu.c of Ono-
mons, ea aboard and abinnittahl .. • Upou the principle hill
al/Wat ',Very win hi the 'Huila, eight be liable to be deprived.
Self hil liberty for r_onuotwiing opou their pyucceilings... iir
1 instaitetd•usahy 111111 v, wirti as 111Vouteil Vichis• Bill. when
Megabits if that Hume, and the whole birdy of tee pe..ple,
had the meanie, sod yet they would:under Me
ildblitiow lit playtimes, all have bete liohle to linve
bow hat law ptiony.—ffe agreed mith the Wile Earl
.deep) that -earnimieut should ham rower. ateassary' to
the discharge of, its .tunetions, bat no,rafge f
.and lio . was
:loost of :ill 'pleased with the Words, go mgrs.—lint lie
did not ainspritheud by Noble Friend alien he said .he
Would no! locution Altaic peiveta• !,Ala. ma aderned :10.
be general mate of the repetromioe, which lie maw-
taillea wen eolleienue to assist a corrupt ringer. s.ild the
lesible Oulu .'i'l'here was once bolt monster applied Is
a Minister in forger daye,efur *Aroma isf a certain place."
.5.6 0," *anvil the 111x1'1 r, 1 I ace sorry, het the flare is al-
re anyiparao." 0 PSI wilt .!It'coltreir 'replied the DO-
ft*luoNefi ji we .ore..seesa." ~'lleAlliaburr again ob.
uisjv"at there lout flea,,greAt :wept h,,,,e1l tam most :bt;
' &Welt,' rept/tied shit riigg monger, " you
' WWII levalis.": And that die he eeptat his ,a-
tilt ialtaktitaef.aTiettui bit repels,. lithe
be left the •0 I re_ r. 1., said Larl Stanhope..
cia
lehott, tolltf,, the 'WI'. thd•the 'Whalers are all by
'+ OW eatitspethie nifty Me* . been leeitiing.ltieb. totter mid
1 their toVieeds. liar unri
.", pa blicamieoi rue were to
railer 4W 'the lalt of Prillria• " What do you talk. or
allfrpsels," -septum the monerew vats; Is!,' yhdr . tonttacr to
I)ariestatt 4wedeo, readirekkut,sist kostibr to • knelned:".
4.-Another Iva• accused of the digonefel proese4ittiP.
and ale Rail meager,/ pdrstivt "lii'.treata.to
,Spaiii and
Portugal. " 00 nut milt of these &Mugs ' nest he,
" do you recollect who planned the Lxpeiition ti) the

:~

.*1(‘...1. 141

feJeritte/7. • okt Ike: was altit tits flail/ oingt
'..lamts !atrial/4 inhistaisliflagektraktsipe ttisfilbll to
dude% r- r some stir Amid 1114,ateeartt; *0 Waste;
ant yod that crig4 gout 1/giv Popery !' ".-(AtsattAfitg.)-gatgii
lls the language lam toold.they Libry odolregos each other
with oil toe .inrerify,ol St. sum ati
Ri Iling;leme• —EA towtAsi—lo throe Ames it it•tanotteitil they •
I should he so much al...sots:awe, and I.thoolt is nomad Whetter
' fur the King and Comitri It (i,isi). A 1.14 it AN
70fiLTH Pit :"—The Nottfe Earl concluded by ,tuning
as ineu.imetti, estpressitt.: thew high regard feriae C.lttert of
the Pess ait.l the Trint by Jury.
The Enid Of SUFFOLK spoke in favout of Ike origin .1
'notion.
Lord ERSKINII said, that in ennd me to his Molest
Npreteut Ministt•rs, could not aimed so merle biome US t
Noble Lords Might he inclined. while the people nitre repot,'
voted as !hey were in the I toti-e of Commons., Ile had follow .
the same path as the Noble Earl (trey*, during hi• pnbetra
life. The Nvble Lord then enter4.l it.. a I,efetive of lies
speech on a former night, nod must CieqU "MI y del/rder! Tr.rit
by Jury. as the safety uoil independence ot the peop!e.
coneluded by Supporting the Amendment. ,
Tile Lord (:11.1 N CELLOR gave nil negative II) huts 1;10
Address and the Amendment of the NoMe Lor3s. Ile would
not be doing his duty to mite public, if be should lish.4l to g 0...;
proposition of Reform. as he thought it wits impinsitato
that a more virtutius Kt:preset:lotion 'of the People' (tub'.
be hod than what the present idolise of COMIIIOI4 CllDal it ul rd.%
•The Duke of N Olt t'ol,li said, that every word Mint Ada
dress met. with his approbation; hot lee would support me.
Amendment, as be thougat it watuare forcible, :al iutteitti ut
taking Aiwa. from the gni added. stremAth to it.
Viscoant SID MOUTH'itgreett with thestniti-..enteltiretscil
by the Noble Earl (Grey).with those of time Address;
yet he would vote against it, as hi; Majcsf.'l inisiert, by
the experience they had had, might be tittle to retrieve trliot
they haul lost. .
• •
The Marquis of LA N S %V 1., eloquent in an eloque speech, re.
plete with argument, took a full view Of the subject, and de-
fended the arguments of tat. Noble Moser of the Address. '
'the Burr of Ist! CKIN: ;:1A NISII I /11.: sput,e ugaiu. t Abe
Address, and Made some tillusiimis to the question of tat holiC •
Egn:aoseiPatioa, which bad dist:owed by liteir. Lordships '
on a turner
Titss emit itf 1)(1NOUGfl MORE spoke in explanaticw. on ,
that imbieet.
kat! st'EN CElt defeolded tho Ad4regs, • and the principles
that dictated it,
The t :tri of 10AR:41.11i supported the Address, and
stronAly ci..alenined the conduct Mnjesty*s 'dibblers.
kali GILL V then.replicd is the nowt impressive mower—
went shortly over his former grouuds—iestated many of his
argent...tits in uest mkt strong points of view. and utowercet
the brguniettts adduced by sowds Lief:slot:l, Stanhope, and
The .Autendthent was then put, and trgatived without n
division. • . •
Toe Duke off .NORFOLK said, be enteti hot vete for the
A &leer.",
•lit -timiaght it iitterfered •with Ike saute as submit-
ted far drl;:atlientian lathe proper courts.
Eat.' ST A NllOPE.explained.
Eve.' tittE r Minht he had act c flaunted himself us to ad-
mit of too peck misapprehension as tuat iiva n Lrh the No.
ble Doke had (sheen.
The Lead eel 1:012.A was perfectly satisfied with the ex•
plaratioe. nod witad vote fur the Addr.
Their Lnritships then divided on the original question—
Contents - - - - - 4S
oaks .
▪ - - 71
- - - 69

Non-Contents
reuxies - -

Adinginted wt intlfitatt Time ecincit. •

Val CF. STO(llks to t lot DA V AI (AP; 01:Loeft.
S per Cent. Itedneed, 70 (Minim 1 pr.
4 per Ce. I. b5l/ I Co reds :or Ater,. 41

THE STATESMAN. ••
••

--- -1•01.11 UN : . ':.• "
!I .
1.... JAW sz-,11
vrttrakhaT, Jaen 14, 11116.'''''"' .''' '
Tait rattler id each Ifoissescif Peirifinietrinii .Of '
2
.
important. to lilt columns. of comas suf klitt. 6.
.
length, however, at whialt my Loitl Gaer•slootglelot
proper to, speak, narrotrolr dblerriittibiltilatis '
'very little Contrast.' We havendt ttioch '44441 ' ,
to 'make :of Ids L'orttstrit's ..,ets, wt.; Wt... line i
partrof his speechdeserve no 'hut censure.
lie did not talk of PEact, ati:OtiVitteialecirt
Ilespoke of the Pcorcs, is otivsttifiißti*lO,4l.l,,
Ile pleaded ' fur the 'Privilless 4 tt)so••• AeP444l
of 'Commons like a LAWYBR retake!** Shebat
service ! Anil ho , nsplioriberfitidlete,rivtilr;itil
the jesuitism of Mr.' Prrt! . leghori, iiitOffir:
Grate did himself tio heinous' lir.likeitpeih"lsll.lr.(t
ever good he *niight do to 1114, calla, wisicb..(lll6Bll-1.
all ,the opening of. his .hassegue). evieltuthf is tb
.21
get into power .grim au •Invotri* vos'sible.' liier le
Litt:4o ottlO eittisto• to" I 'pstecli•lilaii.cogted.44
none, :(`Earl '. 'iio). Ifilk sOusett,ollPks , that . I
wept relp,l4, facctionso train •their 'imperil kled,ite. .*
pudence. Among other p/eareqtr, "line, tttO J
Earl of LitatiMoi"'iaiel Allitt fie (rat al' Piioiii4 •
a uftlaceof Rikipic 0 . aiiY otl*. tban ,14µ;;iLt I.
is mockery to go on sQltit this specula Leledirillli.t.t
°Huff, one of the ablest and 80111000 etalstiV,l4
moved a very proper amendmenti"nailf p": 1 0411 i ".: •
the llo::vc would defend the LaßEaTir Mt ice 6
1 • .
1 ple, and !the TRIAL bg JURY." • Tke Doke of :
NonvoLk and Lords •SuEpousceauci &Lizette sup.
I ported this amendment. Would any hinlittippcisc •
it cioddlic•negatired ? Ti was negativid;:ft4iever!
and Lord GREY'lll9ii?ii ,was negatived. JlLAhorty .
it iSitile fashion to iscialine every daing.llMSObabk/..
The AIL onr.istiissndtholGterrieLt Pclitinvis Were
'severally aciniedillhbkiArr of lylit4rditittii taiga.
of the House Oreithsiiions.` Minisiers.s.44,yevi; ,
well_ Shot tPeNAnc?ifi p.h4t Oct ,0411 iiiuse, von.
aides: whatßiasivittg 1. lAN itmotapiphalteltsind of 7..
. the.hovrors' into valeta De lo Mune+ thilusillire?-...
—ll Kr. Pttederlet..-talkhil. Of 4.(#14t4 • :,jl4l o
~
thilloifiki!'t bio'4:nit.,.ol'isif:vr 4v). )
iii 15,... 1.4 spetkktOPlA De,. psopht **elielMeue:lo44
goose,. whosit to .vitilic ,sonrlbeyrde Ole •Vdtt
relpect • the iltitieWb4ll* 1t defili 14 "iiidole ,
~,,,a4O k:A.ottirthie 1....,..,, A 3.1,1- ai.. ..., iii.
V.

.".., :

Vriehitt tioffettl,
fa' the 'fiett;'
the Scheldt,
T and ha
itd'vf the get Eli

(tile ukh.
infiltaity •
mkt indinipeor
itaisui.soWs 1,006.1
ril44sl iiilOiess,9lt-
catr°l fiettliti°l •
.tk: ionittlitY
fop.* ~,A• 1.• natAattlileSlid%
rlrii m9rqing, betWerl3 8 O 9 o'clock, Jojten Bow', •
e of sne It omen of his Majesty's Guard:, tut bis throat
lb rusor rt lids bore in rawer-row, eigilicoj of wittekt
N raid he died alma eleven u'cluck.

;_

r -

i

I

T!‘.

_e

NM

l-

thiß
----`—dtr-----n-livaii Ai
14{14'9 trted tlis ac silOti:t
; suilitar Sti:NotaitiejWiCiA,,
t,' littst proteedtil q 6“ tW tfii;ukii iiii r ',.'
k
1.,:, ,
had made a saMswit y 4.1
fots 94,riii. Ili tilintsoh fivi ,
.
Id,,,itfiat lotiielgiffeeS illinir
to
klittOpattlttraisedt iliti '
-AR spi i Ziire. 9r if "419 S
tinitti italt . * . Wit
Ms way" USU* Oftittliaiklib %War 4
91,00 h aft Xi %taw* teatmlaslattmaosall
imate..'' . . • , , . , .
