.
'Kik .11

vittril cordiality betiveen the old and the new
rtohi!i'v ; the preservation of external peace, and the en-
c.ettta;entent within of agriculture, manufactures, and
commerce, will by degrees establish the BOURBONS
in the hearts and affeCtions of all classes of the!
French peop:e. These are the principles of policy
which their true friends will strive to inculcate—
these are the principles which will afford to the
French nation an ample compensation for the lau-
rels it has been accustomed to reap, in the more solid
eejnyment of grersiing prosperity and undisturbed
pe:tce. The intexieition efloyalty and ambition, for
;t probah'y these combined feelings, which have
pv.tiucsd the recent outrage at Bourdeaux, ought to
latt promptly and severely reproved by the French
Government. The persons who took the lead in

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

DEAL, MAY MAY I.—Arrived yesterday, the Viper cotter, frown
Calois.—Soiled the Colossus, for Chatham, to tie paid off ; and
tl•e Grittiin sloop of war, with a coavoy for PortAnotth 6 also
the Growler, Cracker, and Archer, for Portsmouth.
PORTy.IIOOIIII, MAY I.—Sailed his Majest3's ships Comes,
BrlvriF, Staeldrake, Myrtle, V,ettne, Aiffieltre, Dextrous, and
Fervent, to the westward. •

I'LT MOUTH, AP 111, 30 —rut back by contrary winds, his
Majesty's ship Pandora, with a fleet bound so Ow hlediterre-
glean. Also arrived several ships from London, botind to dif-
ferent quarters; a few ships from Holland, bound t i Spa!tt and
Portugal; a R•ssian ship from St. Petershuigh. !wand to
Oporto ; ;Ind the Ben and Susan, froM Passage,.
IA I.NOUTSI, APRIL `.9.—Arrived his Miiiesil)'s ship St.arp.
shooter, .oF 12 guns, from Guernsey, from whence he sailed

with a convoy of from c..'o to 30 sail to Newfoundland, but se-
entse shameful eeresses, ought, if their rank would '•
prated in thick weather.—The Princess Charlotte packet,witb
render that any punishment, to be forbidden even to ' a Mail far Hourdennx, is gone into the Roads.
approach the poison of the Sovereign, and a general Ilenwsen, MAY I.—Arrived yesterdav the Henry fraction
ietimation should thus be given, that favour at Court packet, with Mail and Passengers, from Coxhnven.—Suitedtbe
cannot be obtained, without manifesting respect and., Lord Nelson packet, fur ditto; and the Lark pack/0014r
reverence: to those regulations which are the only .j 11"tland•
fciondation to the newly erected throne. I . Tommy, APRIL. SO.—Arrived last night his Majesty's shin
eeesiee_ ; Bellerophon, Adm. fir R. Kraus, and three other ships of war,
i
arith a fleet of 65 sail under cave),
The Courier ef Saturday maltee aviary lame at. .1 for Newfoundland and
vinditetHa-
tOnipt
: tifax, last frlint the westward, and remains.
lii ;the of our Government,
.: . .
it' atteinptite; to starve the inhabitants of Norway,
1 The outlines of the Treaty made with- NA.OLSON
till ;hey , submit to the authority of Sweden. It ton the llth ult. are in town. Ile is in it
tit I a recognized'
proves from the a uthority of NarrEt., that Denmark ii as Emperor—lie is to retain that title for life' ' lEI ' '
bad a right to make tbetesslon of Norway. Who ito hate the entire Sovereignty of Elba, with thelight
eher denied it ? litillataplly to be proved from'the lof entrance and exit at his pleasure, &c. &c: , ',
We learn with pleasure that it has been anisUutscerr
sin4asithOri!v,. that thi!it orwet,ians are not bound I
-, ..,,, e. by his Royal Highness the PRINCE REGENc„. that' it
tuElsrlt.to this cession., ~We shall quote the words : • •• •
1 is his meow:is, on the signature of a. Tegatg' taf'
of,Virrst., ialthougisibe dictate of .natare.and rea- i Peace, to create Lord WELLING:ION a Duke, and to
see opots.the subjece,.b.towdear to require the sup- i advance to.the Peerage six distinguished General Of-
port of any authoriere The Words of VATTEL are : : ficers who have had commands, and gained *Wks-
"is pf'Ositice or town thus abandoned and dismem- in the war which has terminated so gloriouslyi.viz.,
Sir Titostia *GRAHAM, Sir WILLIAM B raroititzth,
bared from the state, is not obliged to receive the
' • i Sir Rowea.en Hitt, the Earl of DAI.FIOUSSE to bey
new master—that it resumes all its original rights •• .
, aßritish Peer, Sir 'NOMA, PicxoN, and Sir Jouft.,
and it it be capable of defending its liberty against HOPE. There will be several other creaticous:
the. PtitiCP who would subject it to, his authority, it Among others it is stated that the Marquisses ofj
tray lastlully resist him."—" This," says the Cots- BUCKINGHAM and Ileterrotto will be created Dukes.,
; The King of EitsucE is said to have replied to thtil
tier, cc is most true. But this is a point which rests
PRINCE REGENT, on being asked at taking leave, if
entirely with Norway ; we cannot he expected to ;
there was any thing further which he wished his Royal
assist her in resisting the new master who is our
thighness to do for him, that the family of all other
Ally." ‘Veat, is there no. medium between assist- `to whom he felt himself under the most heartfelt otriVe
;fig her 'neninst over Min nod starving her into sub.: gaaion, was that of the late Marquis of 'Becitsma
joiliott to hint ? It is -truly said to be a point which HAM, and to whom .any mark of his Royal Highs .
teats entirelv with Norw and Sweden, and the -news's favour` would be to him the most delightful
ey
' -- ' - -- token of his Royal regard.
conseauence is (Jeer, that our Treaty, which pro-
At the City Quarter Assembly in Dublin, on
inked our nasistanee to the latter only against Friday last, a Resolution was proposed will carried;
nenntart.:, does not compel us to this ilillic- to transfer the City's property in St. Stephen's-
tiOn of famitte ott the Norwegians. The Nor- green, co. the surrounding inhabitants, that therelty
wegicus are not now the subjects of Den- the City might receive 2001. a-year, the Green LC
improved, and a trnehy to Lord WELLINGT.C.II bit
mark ;she has given them up. She asserts no claim
• erected thereon.
to them.. By the surrender of this province, on the , The Emperoca's tea: INDER has sent a letter, written
part of Denmark, every expressed or implied object with his own hand, to a Nobleman of his domestic es-
of our paratitco to Sweden is acquired. We have. tablishment now in London - in which he mentione;,)
no mom to do with it. 'lf the Norwegians resist, I that it was intention te-ineste *kited Etiglend•tie4l
they mist only against Swetl,,it. We do not much fart the expiration of the month April; hut that he j
wonder that the Courier should be so zealous defer red fulfilling his design in order to have an one,:
I unit v of paying the proper respect to his Majestytke
its support of the starvation se item. It is a system King of FstAsce, in his own capital. It is sup pOsed
exactly similar to that which first gave rise to the that the EMPEROR will be in London, accompanied
French war, at the period of the ilevolatioe—the by the King of PausstA, in three weeks e and that
system of interference in the disputes between So- they will return to Paris, eceompanied by the'Petecit
REGENT, to be present at the Coronation of Lou:s
vereigne and their subjects. From the moment the
XVIII. The Empress of RUSSIA is also on her way.
treaty of Cession was concletled, and the Danish .
Ile Definitive Treaty of Peace between France
troops nithdrawn from Norway, that country be- and the Allied Powers, is supposed to be in great,
came, as far as we were concerned, subject to Swc- forwardness, and likely to he arranged and sit-rued,
den,'Our interference is now. therefore, •not for if net ultitnately ratified, within five weeks. It was
the conquest of a province, but for the saepression believed, that any article permitting the importation.
of British manufactures into France would excite
of a revolt. It :is not directed aelinst the Go-le
great dissatisfaction in the manufacturing towns of
xernment- of 9?nmark, but .against the population Oat country.
of Sweden. What right have we so to interfere ? The Emperor of Ausensa, who is expected in
If the peoele of Sweden aliould revolt against their London, is to reside in the Duke of CUMGERLAND.4
governincet, would our late treaty compol us to war apartments, in St. James's Palace ; he is expected in
against them? If the inhabitants of Guadeloupe . übout nine or ten days. A new State-bed is making
for the EatrEttillt.
13130:;!d revolt 20 % ear,i lit ece. would we be bound to
On Saturday the Hereditary Prince of ORANGE
put theui doe n ? If tear treaty hinds us to such acts, it (who landed at Harwich on Friday) was introduced
is the most detestable treaty that Atas ever signed, to the PRINCE REGENT CM his arrival in Kigland, by
for it rne!aes us the gins antee of perpetual slavery Earl BATHURST. The same Minister introduced the
tca the people ; and a barrier to prefect the Swedish Russian Ambassador to his Royal Highness. Ilia
governskost front ad yes ens and danger) how. Excellency had a long audience of the Niece.
Vauxhall will be the scene of one great Fete, by
ever tyrannical mitt' he it; conduct,
order of the PRINCE REGENT ; and there will be tire-
• ----r.........._ • wolks iii the Park.
STOCN-F.XCIIANGE ItteeX. The four senior Generals of the Royal Mating
We are glad to find by the Letters inserted this Forces, namely, Generals BARCLAY, F.Lt.sorr,
day, that Lord Cocimast, the lion. A. C. JOHN- • Buiene, and BURN, are to retire upon full pay.
STONE, and Mr. BUTT have resolved to meet the pro- ! General BELL, from Chatham, succeeds General
BARCLAY in London ; Major-General WINTER,
secution, for a r.mp siracy, in the most direct manner, ,
second in command at Portsmouth, succeeds Lieet.-
and not reAve it into the Court of King's Bench, as
General BRIGHT, in the command of the Division at
mentioned on Saturday in tie Morning Herald, which . Plymouth; Major-General STRICKLAND succeeds
paragraph. was copied into the SrAre3at.te, not , General ELLIOTT at Portsmouth ; General Lewis
dpubting but the F.ditor of that Journal had autho- to command at Chatham ; General Wuttasts at
rity for the report. Its this stage of the business, it
would he iniprudent to give any opinion upon so im-
pre 'alit arid interesting a subject ; but kaozziag as

Wool %rich.
To-morrow morning the Lottery begins Drawing
—this is the first time the Adventurer in a Lottery
(if he got a Blank) had a. cliance of gaining the Prizes
in the following Lottery.
,Cony Fotcummr, AIRY 2.—The supply' of fihe Wheat this
innrring it si,ld readily ht last tvecles prim: ; iv)
demand for inferior Wheat, Fiat. Itallev ,;I+;ta• ;Is 'gist m nu.
day ; ordinary =u is L. to 24. cheaper. Oat martin the
.ssinie.
In other articles en alterat lop.
Wheat (ENT,IiSh) 5B ;2
Ditto (Foreign) 5O 86
Rye 3B 40
Harley 36 40
New ditto
Malt ;0 76
White Peas 5 i 60
New ditto —
Ditto Boiler; 63 66
Grey l'eas 44 46

-:.• 'bleu fn experience the facility of finding Bills of
1141,t•tmetit upon er-parle evidence, we wish to cau-
tion the .public against drawing any unfavourable
..tictlivion, which the mere finding of a Bill is cal-
culated to mike upon the minds of some individuals.

Berns 4O 44
Old ditto —

_ As our Paper was going to Press, a Moniteur and
other Paris Papers of Friday reached us. Their
contents are of little importance, consisting chiefly
riT the details of preparations made for the grand en-
tlsnce of Loers XVII!. yesterday. The Theatres
ere to he opened gratis to the public on the occa-
.l.ln. The Monilcur contains an Ordonnance of
NIONSIT.VII, taking of or mitigating, provisionally,
t,voral imposts.

Tick do. 36 40
Old — -
Oat: 46 30
Fine ditto ..... _ .
Poland do.
Feed ditto .4'o Y 4
Fine Flour ..... ....60 65
Seconds ,.....55 60

• PrincPcs of WALis- and _Lady CHARLOTTE
uerg4gesent at the peiformAtica of The
irfoilmarfs lig, on Friday.

,
•• S A

I'6 hirleiiTOß OP TAB STATESMAN.

No. t 3, Green-street, May 1.
Sta,--Ia the Velcs, a Paper of this day, which
amiears to be very zealous in the propagation of re-
ports assai!itas my character, I find the following pa-
ragraph -
" Lord Cochrane and the other s.tpposed stock
Evhaitge 'tosser+, hav4, traversed the.bill of indict-
ment that has•heen found against them; so Brit the
legal investigation of this extrrtordiaary imposition is
now• reserved for the Court of King's Bench."
I beg, Sir, to declare la the face of the ComMit-
tee.; and of all those who have conspired to prevent
evidence, pervert facts, and deceive the public, that
I neither have nor will remove• the trial, tier occa-
sion delay by any impediment whatsoever, my anxious
wish being the development of truth.
am, Sir, your•obedient servant,
COCHRANE.

N.. 18. Great Cumberland-street, May I.
Sts,—The News of this day contains the following
paragraph 0- •
" Lord Cochrane and the other supposed Stock !
Exchange 'hoaxer's, have traversed the bill of indict-
`meat that has been found against them, so that the •
legal investigation. of this extraordinary imposition
is' now removildio the Court of King's *Bench."
Upon the above statement I have to observe, that
there is not ont.word of truth in it, as. far as it re-
gards ;myself ; that I have not traversed the indict-
mint--that %f it is traversed, of which I have not
been as yet Ilerfrilled; it most have been done to suit
the purposes okite Vroseciaiir.; and, that I am ready
to-morrow itc:mesit the Pill Alt Indictment.
Yoe will particularly oblige me by inserting this
to ybiir 'Paper of to-morrow, although it may come
?' •-•

am, Sir, your Obedient Servant,
• - • JOHNsTONE.

PARIS, APRIL 25.

.., ,
The dwell! of bONAPASTE, and the restoration
of the Bouttions, have occasioned the liberation of
seven prisoners of State, who had been long confi. '
ned in the castle of Ham) in Picardy. The names
SMITHFIELD MARKET.—MAY 2. ! of Abese injured individuals are as follow :—Cheva.
To sulk the Offal, ver stone of Sit.. • tier de Rival RE, day Head of 7s. 01. . Oi. t 1 Chief of Squadron in the Service
'leer ... 6n„Cattle this :
Mame ..6s. 6,4. to 7% f“ I Rem% •• • - •• -- • 2900 of the King ; LouisCARREGA, Chief of Legion ;
Veal ... 74. 114. is 84• lg. i Sheep - •••• 12,34 LENTO AN, ancient Alir-de.Camp of Geo. GRORGES ;
HO
,rite Victors couctuair..Cifficer of the Staff of Gen.
LaP0carkh.......79,5..
040 d:
to
eit le:
tat.
1 Cpa1i5iv."..,..............
~! il A Y-MARKET. , , . ~ : , PICILEGRe i BAEItt, a man of letters; Don.MANUEL ,
Hay 9.... 41. 04. 4. t
ee
.51. fo• f.k.... ~. i Eingcoh e.Spaßiishi!cciesiastic of distinctiou; and 1
vi.r. `::-.. at. 110.. • Od. A It. us. ow .
inaglig Rin1C1010,7,...EX-Officer of Marines.
:. Now i 0... U. Lib ge. io IN. lb. 'Oll., ~ ~• , - -

‘aga

To THE EDITOR OF rue STATESMAN;
--.....-. .
,ouxriirngutincibuoswfyldiasw, ectit,t7Lirtilialtnntede,
igiovoeeri.-
resSpioar:d—eririt
us another most unfavourable specimen of " Mate;
dais" for political thinking---a poor eerriest of wird
‘ve may expect from his " ideas or malaria alt
Europe happy.". • •
With what justice he and others of the same sentis
metes congratulate themselves. I submit Lathe 4.'1(4
body of men, and women, and children in the iiiii;
verse, who have eyes to see, ears to hear, heart'shi
feel, common sense, and common justice to deter:
mine. Waiting only the return of near ar_ il dear
re;
lathes from France, Pis the advantage of needful
documents, and for the passin,g by of
.the present
I fit of public enthusiasm 'sod self deception, in or;
der to lay before the public, either theeeeli lire me-
dium of your patriotic Paper, or•1n n separate pub-
lication, an honest and iMpaitial statement between
us and France; I shall, at present, only touch on
the most important points thitt have beett,'-rit still
are, at issue.
1 - lit the first place, with Om iiiinesstec'neeifulneis, I
acknowledge that, the torn which *affair,. Isis so
suddenly taken, and so contrary to ail• soiar and
• rational judgment, however objectioneeee hi some
respects to both countries, Is, upon the whale: for
Ithe best. The downfal of NA NLEct v, •although ob-
i tailed through the instrumentality of other absolute
i Monarchs, is yet an ademenge-glined on the side of
i human liberty. Had his tyraerty been •fixed; iti•oltii,
1 mate success, there would letive lieen no hors for this
;$ liberties of France, or of the ..world, during his life ;'
i and that, from the strength of his bodily hebit, mat,
be longe His total want of principle and of human
feeling, where Iris interests and his vein glory Were
; concerned, have rendered him universetfy detestable,
and for ever sullied one of the greatest Military chi=
ratters which leis hitherto appeared uprise the face or-
the earth; a dtaractcr however, in itself, naturally • '
to be dresded. No farther ought we to go—the,
_
~ .
Sf it,—A paterfeo having appeared in cc The; cilu,maies hivented against him, telly demonstrated
livr.7s," weekly Paper, of to-day, asserting that I
the jealous fear in which be was held, and will he of
immense advantage to him whis future life, should
,
" Lord Coclieltrie and the other supposed Stock Est.;
like his brother
.reectre, possess,. within him;
change floaxeh 'have traversed the Bill of Indict- i he,
self 'the power and disposition to et-irons ; end the
mint that has been found against them, so that the
legal iniestigatioh of this extraordinary imposition is .last act, thus far, of a political life, discovers a ei+te.
of hope towards such consummation. The
now reeerved for the Court of King's Bench"— ' ol'ering
I:feel it neeesially, as a party accused, to beg you , resignation of . his trust into the bands' which be
stowed it, however much the act of present 'cer-e;
to make krinereeto the Public, that so far from hay- '
tainly pot of absolute, necessity, was most mtg-
, nanimourethedecisiori of a firm and diocriminating .
ing traversetthe. Bill of Indictment, as represented
in the pragrah, or wishing to defer the trial, it is
mind. ths reported frank ackerostiegmeet of his
-my eaerraeerdheipre that the investigation sliethl be !
proceeded in without any delay whatever.-1 am, Sir, 'errors, inthe farewel to his soldiery, is equally to
; his honour. His most splendid victories here not
y Motion's Hotel, est May. feta. R. G. BUTT I been more fortunate for him, than the.urifouncled ac-
e CRblltiteßS of his enemies. • Did. he lead:such an hie.'
1 mense portion of the human ;aca to slaughser. ?? Who•
I ! urged him to it, like a bear at tho stake, reluctant'
e•-eisme— i - 4 and unwilling? and for the most codemptible ante
•
Yesterday I arrived here. In all the towns on unjust purposes, which shall, in due limo, be de-.''
the road from Calais, the white flag is displayed, tailed, without the shadow of reserve: • Was Nee
and at some of them various devices have been plated tOceox the must profligate, base, and cruel of the
on the gates, and other preparations have been made , human race, when his pretended interests urged him?
for receiving the • King. For his arrival every one ,He was—but cannot we name others equally so ;
appears anxious, and the first question put to au nay, all things considered, such In a' much greater
Englishman Is, " Will our King come soon ?" The degree ? He was hallooed on, in his bloody 'career
pee& teeelipilideeirtravily of the. collertering of troosia.:. by fstliporticiPegotto.s ewoottfesi at the feast equally
on on them; but they generally end their angry invec- , unjust and elttestaele as- his own ; and the utmost
lives hy allowing the necessity of the evil, and ex. :, care has been taken from the that, test he should, in
i pressieg a hope that it will be of short duration. I any possiele
~way, benefit m inkina,
.for- which, in '
I have seldom been much more surprised than at some respe46, .be was, by titteure andeircutnetatices,
, the apparent stete of the public mind in the metro- • calculated ; Tut that could not be made to 'quadrate
I polls of. France. Mixed with considerable coldness . with national prejediccs,. although for the universal
j and indifference, is seen a lurking admiration of the ; interests of thehirmalktace.•
. ...
I military glory of Bonaparte. This Ido not believe 1 le APOLEON, ever great and constitutionallydaring,
to be the general feeling ;' but it is certainly that of a I was, .in his general tine of conduct, equally •circum-
considerable number of persons. What is, perhaps, 1 apect and wary. Not always so, on occasions of
.y• worthy of notice, is, that the common -people still ' supreme moment. There, ton, his often daring '
call Bonaparte PEmpereur in speaking of hill. An courage, assuming all the quality of raehness and '
!.instance lately occurred of 'the dislike of the French Presumptien, totally precluded .a solid final judos-
lOfficers to any severe remarks on Napoleon. A man imeet. Although 'they :have been overlooked, his '
was hawking in the streets a ludicrous account of his blunders bare been almost •miraculeuse and In them •
has consisted our national safety. As of Ms crimes,
. fall, when a, French officer shot him dead on, the
spot. What has been the further result 'I know not ; so of his errors, Isis enemies .have made the most
but the authority for this account is most respectable. curious, and for them most ustfortunate choice.
Several satirical publications against the later Ruler They have perceived only those of least consequence,
,of France have been seppsessed by the Police. i not at all adverting to the most flagrant, I.ols ever
' Iva who are ostentatiously taking Sp
public.. •
'.. Many inscriptions here, which contain tire name
of Napoleon, have been effaced. In the Rue de Jena, touch credit
the /cord '• Jena" is erased ; and the name of the ',
to yourselves for the late prospernua events—fur
' congneror of Austerlitz appears no more in the front ;Your perseverance—what, I dim nd, would have
.of the house of the Legislative Boely, where his vie-
.been ,yours and the sit: aten of .. one bamboozled
tory is described on the marble. If the arts preserve I and endangered country. had NAPOIAON taken the'
! advice of Ni star and ethe.s2, and hare remained on
the name of a man from the osthumous oblivion
;the Polish homier throughout_ the ere• fifer ? It was
which invelopes ordinary beings, Bonaparte may hope
and , neither General WrieasheroS,' nor the intriguer
to lire for. ever, for the very excess of beauty
magnificenceappears in all that is intended to remind 1 M°l"Au' nor the bargain.:r Bt UNAD3TTE, nor.killo •
-
, posterity of his existence. One cannot be surprised .. delil. PLATO FF and his Cossi ck , nor the good
that a Frenchman at Paris is for a moment dazzled by • ALEXANDER, nor the coneciient Fetortucx, nor the
paternal FRANCIS, nor the twerity.morg! Weer.es-
the splendour of the edifices he has erected, and the-
improveineies he has made in the-city; but the splen. LEY, nor the sage Cesseneo, nor the honest T.- ALLEY.
didsvapour soon vanishes, and the black cloud of : RIND, who could have secured you. It was the on-
his crimes is seen in all' its horrors.' for can any conquerable GENERAL Faosr alone! Now, what
man, or body of. men, in their sound mind, could
one view oak pleasure that which recals the memory
of battles in.:which their father, their brother, or possibly have expected, or' even. f.onceived, such
their friend bas phrisherl in the vain attempt to satisf conduct in a GCnerat • of ' the nineteenth cell.
y
tury, and that General, BONAPARTE ?--.—Who
an insatiable ambition' The thing is impossible—it
is monstrous to suppose it.
could have expected the headlong temerity at •
.
Dresden and Leipsic, or , thaLNAeotrox, after
•Bonaparte, according to reports here, was very
such tremendous warnings, would not be found
composed when his reign ended, and endeavoured to re game of which circumatancere •
peesuade if person to leave him who wished to accoms 't
strikin facts prove must hive been
indeed. the most g ,
pony him, hut who persisted in his intention. It is .
. ultimately successful to the French Grivernment ? '
asserted, that on his departure he said that he would
The Allies in France succeeded by the'mere cast of '
never return till recalled by France, and that be
a die. 'When Eltuctitti:was driven sef• many miles
should be so in three years. Such are the rumours playing .thesu . war,
; back on his resources, the most Anoint, of our Go-
current here. ,
• vernment and of the Allies, expected nothing beyntid
Paris is extremely full, and the price of every' a treaty with NAPOLF.ON. haven after the desperate
thing is much inereased. Lodgings it is almost ion-' attack on such tremendous odds at Lamiet 0 iTraTMS- ,
possible to procure. impolitic i
loss of '2l lileurs, it was simply w hich gave ,
e.
'to the embarrassed Allies,. their only esource, dos
city of Paris. Taere, thy found th se &tends in
the Senate which had been already provi dfaihent.
Had N:teoerota concentrated his forces the first
passage of the Rhine by the Allies, and \-emained
surrounded by a force adequate to the eeeitnine.l
forces of the Allies, as he might have done, Ned
as a man of less grasping genius would Lave
done, his enemies would soon here experienced
the certain consequences of Invading France.
Neetresom's 'business was only. with the Grand
Army of the ievaders, that once conquered,
or sufficiently crippled, and all would soon have Wei
