114 k grkt

To-- LORD CASTLERE4Ga.
. . -
Mv Cop,--It is the duty of all men employed for
any purpose whatever, to serve zealously and con-
scientiously those who are their employers. This duty
is universal, being equally as binding with nation" as
with individuals. For instance—should st certain
merchant employ an agent to transact bestow, that
agent ought to exert all his faculties in watching over
the interests of his employer, and in promoting them
in every direction and possible extent ; he ought to
act with as much circumspection as he would were
lie acting for.himself. Also, should a nation employ
an agent to negociete with another nation, he ought
to keep the interests of the nation by which he Is
,employed in constant view, and not Issirelaz his exer.
lions for one moment in their estpciort, or in their
preservation from any possible attempts of adverse
interests assuming a menacing aspect, during the ex-
istence of his functions. You have bens employed
in this capacity; and in examining your conduct, we
shall be able to determine whether you have fulfilled
your doty, by the acquittal of yourself of a her .y re-
sponsibility, er whether you have basely betrayed
your, trust, and unequivocally proved yourself un-
worthy to serve your country.
In 'the exercise of your function*, thy path was
plain and smooth; no difficulties presentedlthemselvis
at every moment ; nefer..wis there greaterl scope for
the performance of,,t4eit Importast4gthes. The
Allies were at war with.on enemy wiseisrieeedently
threatened thefr very existence, and to whose for.
!marinas they had even owed the preservatioli of their
Thrones. They seemed disposed to crtsh him at the
expense of almost any sacrifice, though this was
rather to odd manner of showing gratitude for such
extraordinary forbearance. Every chance of seems
depended on the exertions of this country, which was
contributing me*, loans, and subsidies, to enable them
to prosecute their operations; therefore, had this
country taken umbrage, and withdrawn its support,
their cause would have nrcome desperate. Attended
by these favourable circumstances, you hid only to
ask and it was granted; consequently, it is impossi-
ble to make any apology, or shift, or shuttle, to
which you are so much in the habit of having re.
course. The primary iuterests of this country ought
to have been the principal ohjects of •year attention;
atid you were bound to not neglect them, even for an
instant ; but (*insist on them, es preliminaries to
all future discussion, as itubspensibleconditious to
every other prnceediog. These interests ere
commercial relations. Stipulations ought to have
been insetted in the Trestle., which were made with
those Powers, for the fixing of our commerce on so
firm a foundation, that it might not be shaken by
any citcomstances which were liable to occur; in so
doing, too much vigilance would not be exercised in
order to guard against the possibility of subsequent
tergiversation, or any species of juggle, for the put-
pose of evading the effects of those stipulations..
Had you acted thus, the merchant woold have
been busily employed in exporting his goods to fo-
reign climes • a here his agents would have been able
to dispose oethem for money, or for such products of
those climes as are most necessary; hereby promot-
ing the vital interests of this country. In this case
we should not only have a continual Whiz of money,
but also abundant supplies, when a failure of crops
with as should take place; whereby the rigours of
the calamities of this species would be much abated,
and rendered considerably shorter of duration.—
The exports and imports thus created, would have
been a great relief to our shipping interest, which
has been suffering in common with the others. What
a number of ships would have been employed in car-
rying out English manufactures to foreigners, and
bringing in return the useful articles with which those
foreigners are able to furnish us ; so that a perma.
nent commercial circulation might have taken place,
and the ends of British industry wholly attained.—
Besides, foreign commerce being a great nursery for
seamen, would in peace prove of infinite advantage
to the nation, by rearing fresh ones, and keep-
, ing in practice the old, for any emergency which
may visit us.— But what a cheering resource
would have presented itself to those poor wretches,
who, in squalid dress, hardly sufficient to cover
their nakedness, also with quivering lips and pale
couotetiances, declaratory of the vital spark nearly
extinguished, have excited our charity and commi.
aeration. How distressing to behold them dying by
huoger, in the streets and on the highways. Much
revenue, which, I believe, is, in your eyes, of far
greater importance than any other object, would
consequently arise to meet the exigencies of the Go-
vernment, whereof you yourself, unfortunately for
the interests of this country, form a part.
The great body of manufacturers, dependent on
this commerce, would have been employed in their
various occupations ; and such mechauics as the smith
and joiner would have derived much advantage by
making, as well as repairing, the machinery. Con-
siderable benefits would have accrued to the landed
interest, especially a rapid diminution of the enor-
mous burden of the Poor Rates, by which it is so
much depressed, as full employment could have been
, provided for the lower class ; consequently spright-
liness and joy would have been diffused throughout
the community.
I am aware, that at last our commercial relations
experience a little improvement ; but this is partial,
being confined to a few manufactures ; it may also
prove to be no more than temporary. The principal
cause is the demand from the South Americans, who
are nobly struggling to deliver themselves from that
slavery under which they have groaned for centuries:
however, should the ever-beloved FERDINAND get
them secure in his fangs, the demand would cease.—
Every friend of the human race rejoices at the impro.
bability of success iu his designs. Though the wishes
of yourself and your colleagues may run in pc.fect
unison with those of this spotless angel and patron
of the Holy Inquisition, yet there are few 'people in
this country whose wishes are not of an opposite
cast—but very few indeed who are not right glad at
your having not the power of rendering him ally as-
sistance. If you should feel yourself disposed to
(quit in considering so trifling a revisal of commerce,
period of ibis
compare the state of commerce at the

.1, '
