. • Me. D. INROWNIII supported the motion. The
Aer of Vines held out a premise that the kit subject
• that should bi taken into consideration shield be
-t• the Catkins. ensancipation. •It was merely required
•5 • that they sbmild halo the Committee for the par-
pnil of •aseerbilnleg the troth of the sts.rtions of Ow
Petition prmtis:bat night, and refusing to do it
would be ten • t-to saying, " yon'ye been a faith-
ful loyal people, and therefore we. wpo't hear you."
• -c• Mr. PARSON rose to express hia sentiments upon
• "the question be the House. 'lie had hard the sr•
puments in favour' of the Petitioners, an•l •might
whether it was 'teasotiAlsle to say they ought to

+ire up all the safeguards of Protestantism In
Satxon,•, Denmark, and Sweden, laws fur the support
mud protection of Protestants urre in face, and wily
, they ought to be relaxed in England, could not be
• •reasonab/y explained. ' Conceiving that improper con-
' eesrion would excite unpleasant feelings in the country,
he felt bound in tbe'diacharge of his duty to oppose
the motion.

Mr. C. GRANT commenced by observing, that
flee adrauccd state of the night pret lit,led the power of
-discharging to the ntmost, which he considered his
imperative duty. The ranee of the petitioners then
before the House wak of high importance, and be con-
. iretulatedeliens on the traostendant talents of their ad-
-Tecate. He was eanviireed their cause had already
taade•sonse peogreis, not only from the able assistance
• imparted iii-the speech of the Riglelon. Gentleman,
%at tht speech of his. Right Hun. Friend, who had
eutelueted himself that night in a manner he expected
'f. out his character and liberality. At the same time
'lie was obliged to lament, that h 6 Right Honourable
Priend argued as if they were debating whether they
should seseinel the tiisahilitivs at on. e and not enter
lilt; Committee. His.Riglit Honourable Fr;end had
ticaasferred the question from the Catholics of Ireland
to the Test add Corporation Acts with his umial dex-
te:ity. The Catholics of Ireland reque,ted to be
f;aeci and relieved upon the subject of disabilities, and
rne'siaswerwas :—lt is true we. lament fur you ; true it is
n,e feel for you ; but then if we emancipate you, we are
.id the face of the eq and Corporation
'Acts ; therefore the laws which bind you under
i':ese unpleasant circumstances ire unalterable. The
Vatholies would say : 'flumes have passed away which
feedereil these Acts necessary ; 01.1 principles which
g.:%e rise to !quarts of restriction ate no more ; the
rat of :States, and power truoiden under foot leave
ro the rc...utest prospect cf danger. His Right lion.
had told them of the laws of Sivedre and Den-
mark. The Catholics of Ireland asked for the wild
principles of the British Constitution, not the laws of
tvates this country disavowed. His Right lion. Ft lend
had truly said, thi6 measure combined inotivc3 of justice
at4d linwaLi:y. The Cons; tution afforded an equal par-
tivipation in privileges to he enjoyed by the suliects of
ti.e realm, and Ireland ought nut to he excluded. It
seas cot his intention to ewer into the evils of Ireland,
I.oz be nas lead to believe a peat portion of those evils
"..e to be attribttei to the ulna of Catholic Enialici-
rejwa: They saw in Ireland local degra:latien. A vast
rapoulatian shut out from the benefit enjoyed by their
fellow soblects. The higher classes were admitted to pri-
v:teges which the lower classes could not hope to possess.
The result of this anomalous state of society, was local
hatred, dlsorJerly meetings, and outrages. He did not
h;lieve that Catholic dioalAlitles were the sole cause
ri ail those evils. bat he was persuaded they bad great
cl'ect in promoting discord in that country. The
roJrilo of lieland complained of partiality arising from
rAtical jealousy, when the cat set for jealousy had
toned to exist. It was a remerl abh fact, that Wales
awl Chester owed their liberty to a descendant of
C::arles the Second, and that Ireland owed her slavery
se King William. The people of Ireland were pre-
rared to trust to Parliament fur morality and justice,
but they expected their claims would at least receive
attention and inquiry. lie could not help adverting
to the inconsistency which marked the rights of Pro-
testants and Catholics. Electors might qualify them-
selves by declaring they were Catholics, and the Re-
presentative was only qualiiied by being a Protestant.
There were many other inconsistencies. They bad
been told it was inconsistent to have a Protestant King
and a Catholic Council, but was that more inconsist-
cit than haring Catholic Electors and a Protestant
Representative ? Was it consistent to sacrifice the ad-
vantage of the Uuion, to false conclusions, and ill-
founded jealousy r- He wished to know whether there
was any consistency in admitting persons to civil rights,
and excluding them from offices of the State. He called
on the House to ratify the solemn compact of the Union,
and cited the admirable terms used by air. Pitt when he
advocated the question of Catholic Claims, and recom-
mended wise auJ liberal policy. Ile asked the Home
what meaning that great Stateainau attached to the fol-
lowing !ides, which he applied to the Union of the two
coantries

Non ego, net Teneris Halos parere jnbula.
Nec Mild regna peto; paribus be legibUs audits
Invicto genies sterna in (seders. mittant.
The improvements in Ireland, :toil the extension of edu-
cition appeared to he securities given by Providence to
take away all pretence for nithlaulding that relief they
demanded. The Right Hon. Mamba: concluded by ex-
pressing's hope that Parliament would uo longer op-
pose the benefits which Providence intended Ireland
should enjoy.
Mr. L. 11'11ITE rose to concur in all the observations
so ably urged by Gentlemen, and particularly the Right
Hon. Secretary for Ireland, in behalf 'of his suffering
country.
Mr. RANKIN rose to oppose the motion, but the cry
of I.2uestion !" "Question became general, rendering
the observations of-the Hon. Member inaudible in the
gallery.
Mr. H. DAVIS spoke to order.
Mr. FITZMIRAID said, he did not rise to detain
the House. He wished only to advert to the petty de-
puties and political hostility which had too long dis•
turbed Ireland. He understood that some partiality
bad been shewn with respect to Orange addresses. It
bad been stated that among many addresses presented
to his Majesty, some had been selected and published
in -The Gurate. lie was willing to believe if any
Minister did so, he did it without the consent of his
cotiragues. He would do Ministers the justice to say
he did not think their body would consent to such a
proceeding. One Address to which he alluded was
brought forward by the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who
came over to present it. The Address was presented
with all the symbols of the Orange party in Ireland,
which were not well known in Eugland. The party
fomented discord in Ireland. He understood tbe Lord
Mayor of Dublin was a stationer, who expected to be
Knighted. This Lord Mayor was so certain of having
that honour bestowed upon him, that Ist was advised
before he left Dublin to bear tie motto pro paths. A
Lo.sappointatent oommied. The Lord Morn did not re-
