' Condones rilativi to those events, we colfe-s !h.,
I lesson for the country to dread. Bnr, we min lok ta
I die effect which the Distresses of the country pith.
men themselves (when they come to look at their on
. proper east) will' have, in removing the film frost
their eyes. Ireland may be tortured, and Englaad
may he
...tortured, If they themselves escape; battler
will not suffer themselves to be put on the rack od
it is the rack to them to be deprived of the wealth is
which, for so many golden years, they hare wallowed,
While we contemplate with horror the misrule of
thou who have involved the peasantry of Ireland io s
state of inebordination, we admonish oar readers to
be cautions I. filly crediting the reports laid before
the House of Commons, as the expose of Marian
WELLast.ev. The formation of these donansh
must appear terrible to those who do not know tie
system of Government adopted in Ireland, pini y.
lady for the last thirty yean ; bat when we ere
such reports come from those who ban so long
basked under the sunshine of Ministerial ranee, se
can see no diMculty In milkier reports of hooked.
awl thousands being arrayed in the fate of the M.
litary, and regular lists of killed sad wounded psi.
fished, though there might not be a shot fired. We
do not atttibete a deviation from truth to the Noble
Marquess, as be bad it from trust-worthy seems,
but this we assert from a perfect knowledge of the
country and the people, as well as recast informs
don from different parts of the country said to he
infected with rebellious prisciples, that altheogi
wises, tythe-proetors, and other tyranti have drives
the peasantry of Limerick ind the adjacent cousin
into recesses, the other parts, said to beatproachisg ts
insurrection, would still remain quiet were they au
ended by persecution, by continued law.meits,oraoes
insult and unrelenting oppression. list this is pt
op in the usual m to terrify the timid an
make a diversion in (avant of their employers. S,
the cure Is to be fresh Acts, and the re.ult fresh
atrocities. No deputations to go into those counties so/
treat with the people, nor to inquire into their Treats soil
try to remedy them. No, no, that welsid oat answer the
purpose. Cut down, hang, barn ass' destriy. as before,
awl what has failed for so many years may still sacred.
There needs nothiag to PACUPT IXELAWD we are COO-
vinced, bet the assistance of tit ja dozen seen of few
wow sewer. If reports are true. fist the half-eterra
balUneked, ballormed uses will attack the Minnow
in open day, they must be brave fellows and were,
p iag. What would nut they do in a good case?
What would they mot do for that King whom they re.
ceived with open heads aid loyalty in She extreme'
'ley wont.' de. as they have oftea done; never ho
!tread of arnskot ; sad ante strike to tyramoy seder
toy fora. It La. we repot. the K tees Ismorest
Gideon with kiadatis mew of bravery animated,—
men who any be broke.. bet sever will heed—ups
Aso ran be lead into say thing, hut will net be driven,
.ad who should be protected from the moralism leap
of their local "prance, We repeat it. gait sad
again, that the present Government never did. Wel"
will do any thing good for Ireland, and if any thing
should smear to ameliorate the condition of this eaten
meats population, it will be through the Friends st
Reform. which is as essential to the interests of !w-
-and as to the curs growers of England ; and withoat
t slavery. poverty, and dispose, must be the nisei.
n:es for race, industry, and opulence.

Is consequence of a requisition to call a public
meeting of the inhabitant boneeholder of Westraiester,
fir the purpose of considering the propriety of peti-
tioning the King, and either or both nooses of Per•
liament, respecting the present alarming sate of Ile
country. and the necessity of a Reform is the Coss
mons Hotta of Parliament. the High Belli, has ap-
pointed the said Meeting to be held on Wednesday
next.

" TEE Temet.a or RKASON !"—The penalties whirl,
Castle was sentenced to pay by the Court of Kist'
Seocb, having beets entreated and returned to the
Pipe.*lice. as sliest was issued from theses ea
Tuesday afternoon, directed to the Sheriffs of &wades.
sod commanding them to levy for one of those real-
ties, to the amount of SJOI. At half past three the
Sheriff. accompanied by a ler!e body of his •Genus,
proceeded to the premises; and after esisiaft every
this); that bore the appe •f property--a scatty
all, no dunbt—shot up die chop.
