THE slArtns\lASi.

niore sevrre than that of the }lase tools of a wretched
Monarch, who have nothing to accompany their wan-
&tines but sadness, shame, ard self-reproach, dark
and barren prospects, and desolate remembrances ;
while those shall receive, from all around them, the
smiles and the praises of the wise and good. They
may look back on the " hr...“1"_44 virtue which they
have " (:t<t on the waters.— and forward in the t oat-
de:,t lo:Fe that they " shall find it again after many
days ;" but they, who saeritit ed their country to their
cold-hearted and selfish avarice, have wholly erred in
their calculations. Their country is fallen indeed ;
but they, too, have been buried in its ruins. Fer-
dinand, who has just as much of gratitude as of any
other virtue, has already trampled on the iiii•erable
tools of his early tyranny. It were well it th,i.e, who
"put their trust in Princes," would study the many
impressive lemon! which the reign of the Spanish ty-
rant Words.

It is consulitary to turn from the profligacy and
vice so often prominent amidst extraordinary political
revolutions, to the spirit of truth and liberty which
they always elicit; and Spain has had a most tri-
umphant list of patriots. Their mantis must not be
recorded: for, to receive the tribute of affection and
Brntistole from any hater Of a tyrant, would be suffi-
cient to subject them to his merciless ferocity. flow
wretched that country, where no lured of applause
may follow the track of talent or of virtue—where
knowledge and the love of freedom ore punned mill
persecuted as if they were curses and crimes! Other.
wise, with what delight should I speak of some, who,
buried in the obscurity of the cloister. or retiring into,
solitude from the noit,v eriti-ti, sigh in secret and 'd-
iemee over the wretched f.ve of the land of their birth,
their admirable powers of body and mind fettered and
froren by the hand of despotism! All around them is
slavery and ignorance: to them remain alone the joy
of holding, converse with the wise and the good of
departed time, and the ecstatic lope that their coun-
try will one day burst from its death-like slonthers,
and spring forth Iwo " liberty, and life, anti light."
And let those illustrious exit..., the martyrs of
'truth and freedom, who have been driven by an na-
va:ern! anti cruel tyrant front their homes anti their
country, and doomed " to wan 'er through this miser-
able world," take heart ; fur a brighter and better day
is about ttt dawn upon Spain.

THE ItENULUTION IN SPAIN.
--ow-

The f.,110.t iit g remarlut upon the Itoroiution in Spain
are (ruin the Abhe de limit, Ex-Archbishop de

The revolution in Spain has given birth to a
thousand reports and conjectures, one still inure absurd
than another. It will be the cause of tiit•se 11l i l tating
many more ; they were to have been expected. This
revolution thwarts so many wilAtes ; overthrows so
mane projects, and destroys su many hopes : We
•
should not envy the vanquished their last consoNtions.
Every thing iu that country has Iteppened according to
the very nature of the circumstances. A general more-
' went has subverted the exhausted rover .ent. A gene-
r4l.lnovement consolidates the regenerated government.
Spain wis:ted to deliver herself from an evil, and to
esettre posoostos of Ira Ow thy Wait bileit -41)1.
tained ; there no longer rentainitwettqor any other
nt.,sement. The king has embraces the new order.
The ministry, the junta, the while body of authority,
move in the name direction with order. %1 ho then
couid hate the means of disturbing it. since it is hum,-
over supported by the nation ? rittiroga ansf '
corp trq,;.se have had no power but by their sympa-
thy with the spirit of the nation. Ti.-day, if they
world separate from it, they would hew what :hey
hare. his explains what has happened to ,
nel. 1 his essiveral character has, for at least forty
right hours, punted the observations of the drawing- I
rooms of Paris, ordinarily so penetrating.
Spain, forsooth, ought to have beets complaisant
enough to the brothers O'Donnel to hays entered into
a civil war on their account : At present it is to the
club of Madrid that we must go, in t.rder to disco-
ver this important iwrsonage. He hail become as
gentle as the lambs which he was embstilng in the
month of July. On his side Mina wits to.„ltave devour.
ed every thing--woe to Ferdinand if he laid fallen into
his hands. And behold this warn r, kuhoared with
the confidence of his King, invested with a splendid
title, returns his favour by mainta' • g the nen• order
in the extent of his command, by justifying his oat.-
reign, and by pointing out to Spada the author:, of
past evils. At the voice of our modern Cadnittses,
who appeared to take their torn merit:slur their tidied
d von's teeth, innumerable armies formed upon :oil

the points of Spain, yet on the appearance ofs single
order of Government, all this array has vaniehed,
the dew disappears before the first ray of the Sun—
thus vanished It the same time fears and hopea.• There
is but one misfortune which history will place to the
account of an act too unhappily fawns, askilLwhick.
will be called the Sabot Berthotunstr of Cudir:

have many thinirs to get pardoned for by'the nation)
since I 11. They wou4l hose much in character by
mixing themselves with any political movement which
is beyond their duties and attributes. They would
rnn the risk of making their condition worse, and of
coripomaising the great intere4 with which they are
charged---religion ; which has nothing to du in
these debates.

" Some papers have announce/1, in a pompous man-
ner. that MM.----- hare declared that they could
not not accept. the employment conferred on them by
a Prince, whom they declare to be roust:aided. This
truly is very unfortunate, nevertheless it will not
hinder Spain from advancing.
" With regard to the occupation of Cadiz by the
English, the romancers, the parents of these inge-
nious fictions, shuald have commenced by pointing
unt the ships and tro ips put in motion by England,
and tell tts since what time Spaniards had contracted
the habit of apt eating to strangers, and delive.ing up
to them their places of strength. The sight of a
single foreigner would unite all Spain. If any one
wished to do harm to King Ferdinand, he would only
have t.) mix up foreigners with the affairs of Spin."

LAW INTELLIGENCE.
—so.—
COURT OF CHANCERY, TVESDAY, Aram 18.

IN TIM NATTER Of BIRD, A LUNATIC.

This, It may he rscolerted, was a question as to
provisi of the expenses of a suit in the Eccle-
siastical Court, to determine the validity or nulFty of
the marriage of the lunatic. An application had been
made by the mother I,f rile lunatic to have those expenses
paid out of the lunatic's estate, and this brought be-
fore the Court the stihject of the marriage itself, which, •
from the report of the Master, appeared not to he to
the disadvantage of the lunatic. The Lord Chancellor
desired the case to stand over, and in the mean time to
have it ascertained, whether the mother h er. If w.. 11141
pay the expenses of an inquiry into the facts of the
marriage, which would be preliminary to it suit hi the
Ecclesiastical Court, aad without winch his Lordship
would mil nu 4rder.

Mr. COLLINSUN app.•ared f.is ►la An. the mother,
and stated, that she peas ready to pay the expenses of
the inquiry, ani to obey any further order which the,
Court would think pr iper to wake. .1t the same time
she wished that the Coi!rt should be made aegnaint►sl
with the peculiar circumstances in which she was si
tuated ; these she stated in her and, as they
were of a delicate nature, the Learned Counsel thought
it unnecessary to expose the r.irairs of the family, hut
he handed up the am:avit to his Lordship fur his
i drat, perusal.
Mr. WICTIIEHELL 110pril ticit the Court wale.' not
see am ;mounds for di-turbiliz the marriage.
Th•• luau Cit ‘NCI:I,I.Oit said, that the order which
he h:►d made, (lid not, in a•,v degree, prejudge the
question of the nom-rine. Ile, ind:.ed, prevented him-,
self Irvin entering into that question at ull, until he
should klegr, whether the mother wits pre:latk►l to pat•
the expenses fif the previutt, inquiry ; and as this was
now Assented to on her part, he would read the affida-
vit, and decide what was further to be done ta-morrow.
• Gourds: r. criattox.

In this cause, wbieh is between two hrbthers, and
which has been in Conrr for several years, Mr. tiordon
(the defendant and a barrister), sul 'mil a motion to
the Court to have a certain affidavit filed, which had
been made use of by 3lr. Heald, which was ani9ng the
papers in the hands of his Lordship.
Mr. 117. Ln denied that any such affidavit was airing
the papers in the possession of the Court.
.Mr. tiorilon said hr had 5.4 u it among them, and if
it was not among them still, it must have been surrep-
titionsly_withdrawn.
The LIORD NrELLoa warmly observed, that !inch
a thing was impossible. Ile would Wok over the
paiwrs, and if such au affidavit were among thew, he
would order it to be filed.

DrrEar.vx o.lloL3l,tvn LL'DIKT.

The plaintiff is 'Oda case Is General Devereux, Atm
expeditions to South America have acquired for hi.
much notoriety. This was a motion fur a writ of
Nr carat against the defendants, to whom the
plaintiff in Septets*lser, 181t4, consigned prowls to the
amount of „WO/. prime cost, and destined for the
Russian market, where they were likely to realize a
considerable profit. The defendants were at present
in this country, and were now preparing to leave it.
The plaintiff received from them 2,49 W., but his
davit 441 not state that they had artual!y sold the
tuills consigned to th,in, and the precise amount of
the equitable debt was nut inserted in any part of the
affidavit.
The LORD CHANCRLLOR would not therefore mark
the writ, but he observed, that the plaintiff might hold
the defendants to bail at law.
General Devereux wapioCoutt.
• 4;--

.• .;
