I

FRENCH PAPERS.
—'‘"esib-;_ •

Nan, Fmk B.—The Emperor yesterday review.
id, in the-Cart of the Thuilleries, several corps
the Imperial Guards, and other troops of the gent
sea of Paris. This review eras not over before P
Fetlock. ,
HAIIIIIOIIIII4 Jas. 30.—We yesterday gave to
articles, torilittirs, one from Dantsic,. the Ot. illb
from Dresden, whir* are found in the Pruulae and.
Saint papers.
Ther*ect of that insertion was, no doobt, in the
first place, to ottermanicate news from the theatre of
war; but we had still hoped, that our readers would
there have found matter for serious refieedent and
She ,plebtest refolded* of all those terror' • sthich
gave birth to hew ; of all those chimeras which bdoy
np certain People, Ovid to their true Interests,4 or
.be much Inclined to wish for a change, without cal-
&Min the conseqeauces of their iodlicrset and eel.
petite desires. .
It Is remarkable., that the same moment when our
paper repeated the heti cited by the official Goveftu,
said to be well informedlleas that in which the most
absurd news WAS chtulated, and every where obtain-
ed fell belief. It is not by the details of a great bat-
tle that the reader will become denied, and brought
back -toment rational Ideas; It is simply by the re.
Peet 01'14 foots, to which too little attention has
been paid ender other eirceuntancts, but which arc
ea
many rays of light, proper for confemeiding the
t, mad. ca lets too credulous people to
Meek . ~.p. -.
Ditotsic.es proslehmed for a year. The jeneilon , next. -
ado 10th carps briogs the garrison to an effective 1 "to consequence all the young men of the con.
'timber col upwards of 40,000 men. scription of 1814, that is to my, these who baste been
There has a numerous garrison. The Austrian born since, and including the lint of Jan. 1794, to
asepsis is a position 20 leagues beyond Warsaw.— the 31st of Dec. of the same year inclusively (12th
-The Sawn join Prince Schwartsemberg's corps,
.of Nivose, year 2, to the 11th of Nivose, year 3), are
aid*, is ender the wing of talk, forces that a patriotic saimoned to present themselves to their *espective
• *hay of 80,000 Poles is assembling and organising, may„-, to cause themselves to be inscribed in the
_and who have no other choice left them, than be- . registers of, conscription. Those who shall sot have
tween a political rank and existence, or the most been inscribed in those registers, shall be ordered to
' shameful stare of slavery. The Administrative Itefal.. march first and join a corps of the active army, or
quarters are tranquilly established at Posen. ' sent to a depot of refractories, as soon ati they shall
• The only military actions within the last fortnight he discovered. After the closing of the registers of
.bare been to the advantage of the Allied troops. inscription, a drawing by lot will be proceeded tor
Nothi. g can fetter prove the weakness of the which will fia the rank the conscripts are to occupy
Rat.ians, and the greatness of their losses, In the among themselves, and the order in Which therwill
march from Moscow, than the partial, and always be called upon to depart. The drawing wilt begin on
fruitless attempts, recounted in the Prussian and the loth of February.
Saxon Official Papers. , (Sigurd) " CHAI1801.."
- If t... Russians were what they pretend to be, 1
-they would already have passed the Elbe, and been The Meniteur, of the Bth of February, contains a
• marching towards the Rhine. But, far distant from letter from the Duke of Albufera to the Minister at
thence, aU the . advantages which these formidable War, dated Valencia, the 14th of February, and
adversaries have derived from the co-operation of the stating, that on the 16th of the preceding month, Ge.
elements, is reduced to the occupation .of a small and Damn having collected 3000 men, laid siege to
point of the Prussian territory,- without their hay- the castle of Daroca; General Severoli marched to
iag as yet been able to make themselves sure of a its relief, which he effected, the garrison having made
single fortified post along the whole course of the a brave resistance to all the efforts of the enemy.
Vistula. I [Some trifling affairs, which took place on the re.
Let as not forget that this Immense empire has in. : turn of General Severoli are then mentioned, in
effectually attempted, for Italia century, to establish i which the French say they lost 12 killed, and 40
herself on the right bank of the Danube: If, then, l, wounded, though they took 100 prisoners and killed
the bands of Janisaries, and the confused levies of . Dearly 400.]
• Asia, have been able, in so many different Instancessi On the 23d of the same month, Colonel Colbert
to defeat the most ardent wishes of the Court of St. 'having been dedched'on the left bank of the ftro to
Petenburgh, seconded by the inclination, and the !combat Mina, and cover the communications, at.
efforts, of half the population of the Ottoman ems , tacked near 2,000 men near Barbastro. The enemy
pure, what may not be expected from the concourse , was completely put to the rout and dispersed, leaving
of the whole of civilised Europe, directed by a pro- 40 killed, and more than 100 wounded ; the lon of
• beating genius? I the French is said to have been only 15 killed, and
NUREMIISRGI Jae. 30.—At Dresden the most 63 wounded.
satisfactory news has been received from Warsaw.—, • On the 28th of December, General Harispe, de.
The state of affairs is continually ameliorating, and , bitched in the night upon Ibi, surprised the enemy's
the forces of the Duchy are daily augmenting. The Pests, killed 40 men, and took 20 prisoners, among
several corps of the regular army which cover War- `whom were, Captain and Lieutenant wounded.
saw, still remain in their former positions. 1 These papers contain a very long discourse of
The activity which at present prevails in the South. : Pastoret to the Senate, on the grounds and objects
en States of the Confederation of the Rhine, to set . of Bonaparte's Decree re,
.on foot fresh and considerable forces, is likewise ma- eon, 110•11 MB
..--=-
- infested in the kingdom of Saxony. 74.11
Posse, Jam. 28.—General Count Kimball has --4.
addressed a Proclamation to the youth of Poland, in- - 0.-
viting them to enter into the regiment of Lancers of On,
the Imperial Guard, which is under his comotand. tes
Col. Malerewsky also invites the youth to enrol
a 14
themselves in the Legion of the Vistula.
The head-quarters of the Grand Army are still in
this city. There arrive here, aid are es so
Pktedt vat
great a number of troops, that we have reason to be- 11.
sieve it is not intended to remove them. On the 23d oars'
arrived here some fine regiments of infantry and ca- eat
valry, from France and Italy. Is the evening ar- it e
lived a park of artillery, and a large quantity of art
ammunition. The Prince Viceroy has reviewed apart era
of the troops lately arrived. di
Dassoee, Jar. 25.—According to the last ac- e t
counts from Warsaw, which are of the 18th of this re
month, there is no change in the position of the allied pp
armies en the Virula. The Austrian corps pre- ler
. nerves Itiilde batireau the Bag anttbeNtrese, to 1-11
the environs of Rotas and Brock. The 7th corps sk
d'armee, under Gen. Fteynier,, has its advanced t S
,
posts beyond Siedlee, and maintains a communice- L
don with tt Austrians by.Jadow. According tei a 14
report which Major Aster, of the Staff, his remitted - G
to his Majesty on the 120th, the advanced guard was In
attacked, an the 11th, by four regiments of Cossacks en
and two of Dragoons, supported by the infantry, to
which it bad only to oppose about 300 horse, three
pieces of cannon, and three divisions et light ;Whit-
Ti
try ; but the valour of the troops of his Majesty, and re
principally the coolness of the light infantry, which I I
did not make an useless step on this occasion, and w
which attacked did overthrew the Cossack, with. the
'bayonet, caned the _enemy a anaiderable limy 4 r
while that of the Saxons consisted only of three men- d.
killed, three etoundAd„ and'five prisoners. tg
NourAtutle; JAY. .-.We learn from Leipsfc, ii
that the rear.pard of the -corps d'armee of General ,i
Count Grimier, composed of Italian troops, passed
through that city a the 10th and !Ist, with a train
of artillery, TliaadranceLguard of the same corps f
arrived several days -since at Berlin. The other bri- 1
• gades are successively arriving there. I'4'e are as- 0
sued that the corps has received orders to march up- c
it the Oder. is
' Jar. 27,—Letters from s
Warsaw informs us that
all the troops making part of the sth corps d'arnme, e
entirely composed of Poles, are now arrived at War- t
Re', where they are completed and orgsniaedanew. n
Prime Pouiatowskir Minister of Warr *Ad
,Cora- .

jetty's 'journey into Silesia, Is to pleads 'himself
over the preparations for the next casepaign and the
levy of the new battalions of which he hail ordered
the formation.
PARIS, Fn., d.—llls Eminence Cardinal Fesch,
'Archbishop of Lyons, Grand Almoner, arrived here
yesterday.
I His Etc,fleecy the Duke of Atilt* a arrived
le this city some days since.
PAM, Feu. 4.—The Prefect 'of th thilathaest
of the Seine, Baron of the Empire, on the lith.of
January, hided the followingarvet ,
" The inscriptinu of the cooicripts-erthn 111,!Nol0;
1814 wilt eemilweee, in ell lbejounmente of
.flu do.
partmenia of the Seine, ea the ith• of Mawr

AMERICAN 'PAPERS. ~

ROUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, Jaw. 11.
After the business of the. morning had Wen Ms.
posed of, the House went into a Committee on the
Bill for raising 20,000 men for twelve months, Mr.
SurrFEY rose, and spoke more than three hors
epinat the Bill. The Committee obtained lease to
sit again., and the House adjourned.
JA'. 12.—Tte House resolved again into a Com-
mittee on the Additional Force Bill, which we!' re.
ported, and the Bill ordered to a third reading with,
out a division.

A Board of the Commissioners of the Royal
litary College was assembled on Thursday, at the
Horse Guards, at whireh the Royal Dukes attended,
and, we understand it is proposed, considerably to
augment that teitittble military establishment. •
rlsyro Yellin Battalions are immediately to be.
added to the establithmeut of the Army ; one to to-
cella deserting old soldiers aad officers from the Ger.
man Legion, and the other for the torsi. 4'tll
`.
Rumba is di Rumbaed corks 1, Slid* sytykai • .;

COODIV,
" The rations, of Swaim with Great Brio" had
not Yet, at the Mid Of November, 1810, mania a
character of opeltostility. The eontmeree at Swop
den, thouiltlimitod is Ifs' activity, erpeaally by
peace of ,Paris Was not yet,.thanks to., the nowlera..
liew of dtti Pd:glidit CidltA"eitirtly interrapted." . -
,_ 1g The mielfeitstioni • of 111-wili on the pat!. It
franca, which, duke; thecourea of 1210, bad Ali'
'threatened to beitime serious pretensions, at !Feat ap.
pared confined to the rigid amintesance of tie Con.
diktat System in Pomerania.; bet they were at loft i
tpeaty directed soloist Swedes,. and a *mind leaf
414:2 mod, Overate& the Americans from.oir. 'pans.
. . r
trams, hounteer, M.D.olleekedg ItY Oht.ossoraehit
es:li avert* the ceesmieences. •
It was nevertheless to be presumed, that this
:fortunate situation, affording Sweden the means of
recruiting her strength, exhausted by a destructive
war, would not be of long duration. The Emperor
Plepleon bad laid down for subjugated Europe a
p~ory role, that be • would acknowledge as
Milk only the enemies of Britain ; that neutoa-
lity, formerly the bulwark of the waiter States,
amidst the contests of the most powerful, no longer
Witty real meaning, and that all the conibinations
of policy, every feeling of dignity, must disappear
before tie omnipotence of arms, and an unbiotling :
wit!.

a In the beginning of November, 1810, and a
few days before the separation of the States of the
realm, a dispatch arrived from the Baron de Lagerb-j
jelke at Paris. It detailed a conversation which he
bad had with the Emperor of the Preach; the result
of which-eras, that your Majesty wooki have to
choose bet Ween the interruption of your relation,
with France, and a format declaration of war against
England. Baron Alquier, IMP French Minister at
Stockholm, presented a mote to the same effect, and
demanded a categorial answer within five days,
. threatening to quit Sweden should the Government
not obey the will of his master.
66 When your Majesty, at a esoment• so urgent,
I took a view of the internee and external situation of
• your kingdom, yon saw no means *hick could
enable yea to adept a free decision. The Conti.
nental Powers then followed solely the impulse
of France ; and the season of the year removed
}every hope of being assisted by England, in the
event of the kingdom being attacked during the
Course of the winter. The shortness of the tern
find for ',tubing an answer, did not admit of at.
certaining the sentiments of the neighbouring States;.
and the resources of the realm, both in money, and
in the means of defence, were so limited, that there
was no nattering prospect of being able to secure
the integrity and independence of Sweden. The
Prince Royal, penetrated with
.the necessity of sav-
ing the State, imposed silence on Ms affections, and
solemnly declared, that your Majesty ought to dis-
miss all consideration of his peculiar situation, and
of his past connections, and that he would execute
with zeal and fidelity whatever your Majesty might
enjoin for maintaining the honour and independence
of the kingdom.
" Your Majesty wishing to reserve for a more
convenient opportunity, the efficacious resource con-
-
NEW YORE, JAN. 10.—The Virginia Legislature 'eyed in the declaration of the Prince Royal, con.
have come to a Resolution, referring to I Committee sidered it as an imperious doty to yield for a moment
of the House of Delegates, a proposition for grant- to the storm ; flattering yourself that the Emperor
not all at once endanger the last rak-
ing to the United States a loan sufficient for building . Napoleon would
; scarce' of Sweden, by rigorously exacting open bee.
one sail of the line.
tilities with Great Britain.
[non THE NATIONAL INTELLtORNCERI I " However, scarcely was the Declaration of War
WASHINGTON, JAN. 11.—We ohs,ree that an tagaluct England published, and the conunerce • tof
Idea is in circulation, in some of the Gazettes, that
there is prospect of an early accommodation with Sweden abandoned to the discretion of the British Gel
binet, when the French Minister began to develop a
Great Britain. We wish it may be founded on any plan, pursued nithout interruption, to cause Sweden
recent indications on the part of Great. Britain of a
to take upon herself the same obligations,
disposition to meet the liberal advances of our Go. which
n
have brought so many Ini.fnunes on the eenfede-
vernment ; but of such a disposition we -have no rated ;tales. A considerable body of seamen was at
proof. Of the perseverance of the United States iw first demanded for the purpose of mannisgthe French
their pacific disposition, we have no doubt that ; foot at Brest,—next, a corps of Swedish troops to
every additional proof will appear from tin,e to time, .be in the pay of Francel—tbe introduction into Swe-
that circumstances may render proper. We allude do,
.oe a tArif n(4oothe Ceat. 10 .•14•01s1 prosisteevi
um" ParlieelertY try-its Ming Irtendnt, is Welark --and, finally, the establishment of French douaniers
to introduce into the Legislature a propositiot, for
re-
excluding, by law, all foreign seamen from the deb- fieeted,
at Gottenbergh. All these demands having been
lic and private service of the United States. the cOnsequence was, that the measures_ of
This the French Government towards Sweden soon as.
will provide for giving effect to any stipulated ; sumed a hostile character.
nitgenient between the two Governments, which I 64 Shortly after his prrivai, M. Alquier spoke of
may take place after the adjournment of Congress, the necesdtref a closer alliance between Sweden and
without the delay and inconvenience Incident to s France; and though he received a polite auswez,
special call for that purpose. this reply had no effect. He then proposed an al4i-
-- ante between Sweden; Datmirk, and the Grand
Duchy of Warsaw,-ender, the protection and guaranf
fee of !nine,: 'This proposal bad for its object to
crests a Cenfedentien of the North, similar in its
obligations and object.to that Which combined the
strength or Germany under the French domination.
But your Majesty deeming it conformable neither
to your situation nor your duties to acquiesce, the
old proposal. Asia separate alliance with France was
speedily renewed: Though M. Alquiet announced
only verbally this deiire. of his mister, he yet de-
'mantled an answer in writing, and affected to view
the difficulty of obtaibing it as a marl: of indifference
towards the Preach system on the part tif the Swedish
litovernment. . • •
" Your Majesty doubtless have required, that a
'mese ample, end especially a written communication
slicluld be made to yen, on the subject of this pro.
jested 'Mance; and though you •had twee so feet
th;t the demands pt a written answer to a verbal
Nectar!, had no ether, object than that it 'might be
wit a St. reterellurgb, to prove that Sweden. Was
Oriaiset fl. rasa, yet yea resolved te ever-

itik.
deter.

weft himy a
Oitbower

weld
sacrifices
claims—that
to an.
swer, that his Master. *gaited, •fo the grit In.
sianael,aleediconfonsaide to his system ;after whih,
it was possible that what his imperial Majesty was
inclined to do in favour d Sweden, might become
the Subject of discussion'
'. 46 Its the mean while, the seasdn for navigation
,liertived, and with it the citsture of Swedish vessels by
mph privateers. %'oer Majesty's Minister at Paris
destanded redress for the injuries does to Swedish
commerce; representetiens, with, the same object,
were addressed to tha Minister ; his answers
mere inipressed with all theJiarks of that cha.
factor of dictator, whickes lidlepeltved to play its
stwOlialb • •f• -A'
V • (To it ceedreek),: •

. . .
Ilif. s
• i
Waterfotd "...'
•—••4I 1
' .11 :•:i7.00..i CAldig 0
a .•, . bon ~
1
2 . - ~... -Gettembergit ..,
-IF 1; b • • • • • .... ;filo • • Nenney 1
o.t ' -1.3. ,•....-.••• I
1 . .• -
• MLa 0
1 . 44 . COltailli
• . 0

preicEliir -avec is Till
Bask 2201
per Cent. Red: 5e4
S per Can. Cuai. 58
4 per Cents. 7*
j per Geo. Navy nit
Law. A. 101 16j

911/1 At 088 o'CLOCX.
cteLerambi 9.-Itis
Ex Bilk 30. 6
Okto .ra4 6 p
• Compirasiact. 666
Lottery Tickets"

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:
• SATVXDAIrs 11141111 ART 13, 1813.

French Papers, of a liser date by one day, vie.
to the 9th instant, balmiest reealved, and contain a
variety of
.intelligenee of considerable importance,
respecting warlike preparations going forwnrd, not
only in France, but in every one of the Confederate
Sates. Again we must subject ounelvesi to the lips
pellation ofjacobiniusl, or some other such intended
insult, for expressing our honest regret, that no one
step has been taken with the view of putting an
end to a Sanguinary and ruinous war. The critical
•
Moment will again have bemsloar. the';Passrca
Rlm bet kindly removed. the present men in
power at one precise moment, which we regarded
with peculiar anxiety, a Peace, an honourable Peace,
Imight have been obtained, and Britain Seen again, and
speedily., flourishing under her favoured and fostered
commerce! .But no; the Courier, that deceitful and
deceiving Oracle, forbids all mention of Peace as de.
I
grading, and promised its Readers, that the next
campaign should open on the Rhine! Oh silly (pilot,
ism! Because-the winter set.in earlier in Russia than
usual, and the, French obliged to retreat to warm
and safe quarters, the Russians were to follow
them to the -Rhine. Whereas Warsaw even is
covered, and the Polanders are recruiting open-
ly and largely for lancers and guards, and the Rus-
Aliens are not able to maintain themselves in one
knee fortified place on the whole length of the Vistula.
The Conscription, it seems, commenced in all the cow•
muneithsoughout the French dominions on the sth inst.
and because' we may hear of a few refractory
persons withdrawing from enrolment, we shall be
told by the Times, .Courier, and Port, . that Bowe,
tam cannot again raise an army. Thesa pests to
peace and trade will now begin again to call NAPO.
i.ton and hii -Dukes and !mien, cowards and cut-
throats ; for in this way have they rendered the war
more fierce and cruel, by envenoming every bullvi.
dual of distinction among 011 r enemies, They May
show a kind of sertioxie smile at the !forage oar ie•
seterste. foe makes tree of to held the Confederate
Pcrinces firm to the league; bat we regard it as no
laughing matter. We can only say in the Way of ad-1
monitory advice, " Let them, and their employers,.
leek to what they are deb's."

_ .
We derive-iota, iiitisfaction, under the present
warlike appearance of the European atmosphere, to
hear it said, that although every. thing done in the
American Congrels, at this time, it under a colour
of carrying on the war against Great Britain with
earnestness, yet that it is the ripinioo of some weile
informed friends to both countries, that after the
constitutional changes of neat month shall have taken
place in the Legislature, that a disposition to peso
will be manifested. Will our 111Thiiters, who .have
unwisely provoked this war, have the credit et No&
ing a skilful hand to stop its progress? •

The Lisbon Mail brought us litters yesterday, by
which we learn, bat th 6 activity of Lord Wyt.LIIIG•
Toy for an early cotu4eneement of the campaign in
the Peninsula, is visible in.'s*/ department of the
army. General Orders had been issued for
Officers ou lesve of absence to join their yo.
gimenti. The head-quarters were to be toesoesd
from Frenada, whither the Commander in Chief
was proceeding, to. Ciudad ltodrigo. We can
safely lay. of the am awl lie Coseileader) ties•

. • ,
".. . -
•
•
(il ..--2 : • 10MAN, •
.. . ..
. • lir .•-..----.42.01.44„. •;..:••,..:•;l SI,
mewiee.in—r.ch- joi of all the Poll* ' r' '-'
7 -
.POl.l/` AL .iikLATIONS 0 . 11011D114-4 loekihdtiesiusfilsoilleosibdtieeoesi leo *emu that
formal orden that the getters) lip/ . .4 - - '!4`" ' "':. •
~. :•••■llll. ' ' : *; ::' seilihrinefte_ 2 Mara for alfrrdeu IN thiSlAN;teb Ern:
,tiewe shall be proceeded Oa wit one ililly. •• •- ' .-'7"!:. ' latZtie; To, Es IgAliaT ..tane 'no. Of awatiseet • fliOi tank A, '6°7_47* tiletlif°49- Wilt a %canister
rpo of HANavaiss, Jabit. lll.YOsteig allied ill* kiAll. .01/1/11.1011 vol 40113:1011" Ainsak .11Amtlr'!` .' in Willeill"r Ma jell" dieeloOrod a dis.
. leototiosalks • 14s. 7 1811. ~„, , , Ilea to establish the, mot44otiesete relatieti with
wort. city 330 dragoon% • forming the d: the Woos.
.. , ~.-.1,.1.. , . mem. in the 11.„„• that th..,....1,,_ tth
re flee Of calralry obickls tii* be eedsett • 'fistelpille • , " Slgie..lthtli &promote Oto . revir ,„,;,--,,;;;This with .I.:ii vi°“"gueflo wo4ld be
!id
-•
Intnot.tatisitiwandeellmvbrolearcitehloresitilef;:sttaPaikiats:74:::4lo7kriebaterevey, suPrinit..:w%::*
464,:e filed.tiileiiiiireietra.:o6'll:tivtect'.2e:r: :111.1"1:them,
it
aolileges..100::;m:911111:1. riegawit,daeimi:::•••thug. tillt:::"Iitiabl:foo::::::efer
eanakeas7ll.l7ateduole:antireumm..:":".ll4llZ.
er'iii".:ll-671...7swimeee. 7-erni. illea...:_AnremPti.4;ot_leriultiswiinininTgdallid:gazitittittyonlLaltiattod.feell.sts"thi I:.
aeella-irldclasulaiveyadittera:ctitieeti,haaimmicrie tilt:thieliihacesala:t:
Aare been compelled to su d- .their , deliver:ego;
sopoblielimatet,hamormenieloythb the Givamootwas moomeasis
ragiressadtemitscas
re5p:.,...F77.71u.:1:1::.::714:gyer ntl :ion:
an:
to..gityl, deter.
Us of 1;150 horses, which ire still their' 'hands,
redid those which they will second y furnish tilt the thasa frank coonntralaiiion of :the semis of pall; "or* ample reel y, he was Baked -what mss: &Amor
.• ~ required. of Swede., and what, fltat coautry Could
• and coinpletiOn of their eintrant. .-. , . Beefy 'patriot will Satin tbe stateroom. widen year promiteitielf in coaltioa for the
.
ithiCti The horses already delivered hale glee* great se- Ms is hat ordered as te tellkes It 011. Proof of ORO
which ne hi be the result oithe
13 . .
hdoy lisfactiou, with respect to their kind and beauty.
ea ra 'nary an.
d',•-• or _ The write from Bern!! t.hat
.the.ohjeat r?f. h!!_l4fe.-, of the qmposp,
. "lotev."1"1.)f his
r"Indill::. ---17. ;fir-----;ll.ld:lba____.":l,l_:_lialt._..'..—'lll:. sigiwienriiter. 4. thetntihisnedMAllimstsel•r.flotkitteA .rt.. prdic: A-
