MAJOR CARTWRIGHT.

*- •

(From Ma Sheffield Iris.?
This veteran champion of Parliamentary Reform,
being in .our neighbourhood, the following corre-
spondence took place yesterday, between the Stew.
ands of the intended dinner of the friends of that
easesore is this place and the Major • •
ND, elr. A deentwr H. tem
Stn,—Haring heard that you are visiting at the
house of Mr. Rawson, in the immediate neighbour-
hood of this town, we, the undersigned, embrace
the opportunity of demonstrating our respectful at.
tention to a man who, in these eventful days, has
shewa himself so uniform a Friend to a Reform in
the popular branch of the Constitution.
Though some of us differ from you, as to the ex-
tent to which Reform is desirable, yet we are all
convinced that Reform is necessary, and unite in
thanks to you for your disinterested and undaunted
exertions towards attaining that indispensable object.
We also earnestly request that you will lemur us
with your company to dinner at the King's llead
Inn, on Wednesday next, at two o'clock.
( Signed by Ike Stewards, ice )
To Major Cartwright, Wads td.

W drldondsv.Sevt. 14.11112.
Gawitvascre—lt is with a lively satisfaction I ac-
cept your kind invitation, as it is impressive of the
warm interest you take in that Reform, without
which we have, in my humble judgment, nought to
expect but an addition of calamity, public consul•
sion, ruin, and slavery.
That the Reform we seek, has for enemies too
many of those who profit by the decay and comp-
Lion of the national Roprmentation, or who, through
ignorance, are easily imposed on, we but too well
know :—But we also know, that true constitutional
Liberty is the natural parent of social Order, of
Morality, of Peace, of Prosnerity and Happiness;
and that to watch over and preserve it, is of the very
essence of that love of our neighbour which our Re!
ligion enjoins. • •
With muckrespect, I have the hobourtto be,
.`
GeottenteK` ---
Your much obi4ed friend and tiervinit; ""
..1011N 'CARTWIWItif.
To the Friends of Parliamentary •
Replan. o to. propose doting
together at Shertehl en Vied!
ne- my the lab of September,
1t2.„:•• ~e,,--' :

• v

ss
BONAPARTE has issues decree, ordering all Atips
from the Hanseatic ports to bear, itt future, the
French dag'.
A detachment of volunteers from the ,Jrist Militia
embarked, on the filth inst. for theilifferent regintests
ht England, under the command of Lieut. W-Mesil
i of the 11th Foot:'
The General Court-Martial held at Chokes on
'teir proceedings ut.
rKzedtr i
wir,iof thall week, and thatatlightDraogo onsaeetcor hasnclu rdede.
turned to his duty in Ireland. •
The Court-Martial which was held at Chatham we
thisoldien who vetoed to cress the Ferry at sheer.
sem, sentenced each of the delin gloats to rereivs;,39o;
ilmtbis. Nine ot these men were sent to Sheerness,
Om afters% LAWSON had arrived, and the sentence
sly test carried into execution; hot after the forms
unit da such occasions had passed, the offenders
were informed that the Paste Realm bad been
pleased to extend big Boys' *meaty to there, gad
titat they were pardoned: •
Nistitriti, Aro. 24.—Bis Majesty's ships Meat-
iest*, SPerfem, add lad*, with a fleet of merchant-
riot attired on Teesday last front New Brunswick.
ill', illesino, mastobip, h otte of the fleet; on board
Vg Ve 144*****Nerral Reuter, 44d Wall,

.. ,~
