of the climate. that even no professional 'leaflets.%

could be found to accept the appointment, and
W. Scott accordingly recommended it to be given to

:glue intelli :tent ronitnercial intik

The idea of

a n silence in Sierra Leone was so nniversalle sop:
pose I to carry along with it the isles of .each, that hi,
hail rever had a more terrific piece of p.lronsge at
his disposal—(A lanstlo.)—lle could nut but .epee, at,;
the course which the lion. lientlemaik had taken, in
deriding up.,n the merits of Mr. liregory on the mere

'Homo of a Naval Officer.
Mr. W. SMITH disclaimed having imputed any
partiality to the Noble Lord in making the arpoint.

Mr. 131tOl'allAM s Ail, that with all deference 0,
the sticemetits of Sir William Scott, and Sir l'.
It °blown, it was scarcely credible that there could

be any difficulty in finding a gentleman of repine
eilleation in the profession of the law, to fill an
altpaintutent of 3,0001. a year, with a retiring
pension of SOUL a year. The procession of the LA
was by n,, means in so flourishing a state, that amont,
the jnnior branches of it such an appointment worild
.o' he most readily accepted. lie had no doubt that
when the statement made by the Noble Lord went
forth to the public, it would excite ronsiderablo
astonishment, anti produce this good effect at lea-%
that when the Noble hard should look one Itereafte.
an,coz the profession. sonic tenders would be mad.. ti
him, which would enable him to get a better Judge,
t er the same intlge, at a lower salary.
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY said, he rer-
taittly had not advertised the appointments, but they
had remained a long time at the disposal of Si. W.
Scot!, and if there were so abundant a crop of aspiring
young lawyers, as the Honour dile and Learned Gen-
tleman anpposed, it was certain that they did not bite
sery fast.—(A laugh.)—lle perfectly remetaberel,
that lie (Lora Londonderry) haul been twice (-diet
over the coals in that Utilise for making the
al-
pointu►ents: and, as far as two ilistts•tions could opt-
rAte as advertisements, stith:ient publicity hail been
given to them.
Itesoltition was then pill anti agreed to.

Oft titr vote of i 00,41,411. for the new street from
Marv-le.bone to Charing-cross,
Mr. Ii1:31F. asliell two questions with respect to a
charge of I l,000!. far law expense, architects sad
kinveyors, and a sum of 1200/. for new s-laries, whet(
it had been understood that the whole service was to
be discharged by the ContinissiJners fur Waal, s.d
Forests.
\l-. lII*SKISSON said he bad no objectioa to lay
the wirticalars of the law expenses before theHoose,
and with regard to the new salaries they Issd ben
rAI. red necessary by the great extent of the Takao
which had devolved upon the Commissioners.
.It.:er a few words front Mr. W. Sum, the Raw
lotion was agreed to.
On the vote for the Cape of cam' !lope,
Mr. U. RENS asked whether any (*adherence+
ragetnent had been given to the New Settlers in tha
Cape of hood Ilope.
31 r. IhOU JAW It N replied in the negative.
Mr. W. SMITH observed, that it was uf the atisolt
importance. that every means should be resorted. to to
prevent the extension of slavery it the Cape *Mood

Hope.
Mr. G01:18171IN said, he entirely concurred witlP'
the Lion. Gentleman, and that no precaution bathes
omitted to accomplish that desirable object.
Sir It. WILSON thought it worth the considered**
of Guyertiment, whether it would not be worth while
to purchase the few remaining slaves iu the colony.
The Itesuhtti .n was then agreed to.
Opt the vote fur building Churches and Melt
Houset,
Mr. 11UMK expreved a hope that no more money
would be required from Parliament for that pups%
until they had ascertained what was done with their*
fruits and tenths.
Mr. BENNET would not agree to the great di
sinzle shilling until the whole Church Establishers'
of t!te country was brought under the considered's
of Ote lions*.
After a few words from Lord Nitt:ros, the Rev
ludon was agreed to.
On the vote for discharging the expense of pot.
lishing. Pr iclaittations,
Mr. BENNE I' noticed the system of prerefeerei
adopted by Government towards certain pipers as is.
jurions to the public interest, by operating as a bri
to the press of the country. and in other respects
featiog the purposes fur which it was pastel
Those papers should bs selected which were
"OF to give publicity to the document.
Mr. GRANT said be had reduced the elver
9 to ~UOOl. this year, with a view to woe aiir
tageous arrangement in the nest.
Lord MILTON said a few words in ertiti°
to the grant, and Mr. GOCLBURN a kw i°
your of it.
Mr. ME thought that the only war of Pttni
an end to tie system was by refusing the greet,
cially as many sums voted antler different head!,
applied to the same purpose of corruption. He
Minded some time ago to the instance of The
Newspaper, from which Government had
thoughtr
per to withhold all proclamati•ms. This was ell!
instance is which such a course had been object
in this country, and it was the more repreilerliblel,l
Ministers must have known that the circulatioaef
Times was so extensive as to render it so
0 ft
ant instrument in the giving publicity to
,/eb7
That Paper had paid nu less a stun than 54
Government in the course of the last year.
After some further observation from Me.
n—li*
Mr. °RATTAN, Mr. DRNNAN and Mr. lionativs‘p
Resolution was agreed to.
the
Several other items were agreed htrtn , and
was proceeding with the others, e
Sir ROBERT WILSON, an account of the la!
!
of the hour, and the probability of soma of the'
exciting discussion, moved that the Report be
into further consideration this day, which atter
conversation was agreed to.
The other Orders of the thy were then
4 the House adjourned at l o'clork.

The population of Turkey n Eur.fre ataii be
ed at about It) millions, via.:-3. Turk*,
Jews. 0110,0110 tireeks or Helleni.ig, bUnAgn
riaus, 1,370,0011 Molilarian. and WaliAcitiarctriA
°Wan*, 540,000 Ammo. WOK) Allunsiaos• 4
geniaas. "NO KAtaiani, iti14913
Ihtbsadant, sea 30,0011 Croatians.
