BOADICEA, THE yu-EE.v.

.cry nature of an Administration that is to embrace
persons heretofore of different parties presents (lA-
;allies net easily surmounted—and we have no he,
citation in saying; that an Administration may be
too extended, for strength, as well 'as too limited.
A Cabinet, as well as a piece el the most precious
moat, may be enlarged to such an extent as to-gain
in the glitter of surface what it loses in solidity.---
We have confidence, however, that there will be no
heterogeneous matter in the composition of the frame
of Government that is now in hand. We are mire
or thp pure honour, disinterestedness, and concilia-
tion of the Noble Earl to %shoat the important task
fia, been confided. We forbear to enter'more at
Pry into the matter for this day. We cannot be
roriain, after the experience we kave had, that the
licgoeintion vllll even yet come to' the conclusion
ankh every man that truly feels the urgent state of
our affairs must desire. Obstacles may arise in the
detail that may defeat the principle; Rua theippen.
&Pic of a Household may impede, if not prevent,
the construction of the main building. Such things,
at least, have happened!"

Various Lists are in circulation containing the
names of those who are supposed likely to form the
new Administration, which are evidently founded on
mere conjecture. The following appears the most
prominent :
.."
Earl GRFT=Flint Lord of the Treasury.

Lord Iluu.i%D, Mr. PON6ONBY, and Sir. CANNING—The
Three Secretaries of S ate.

Marquis WELLEFIAT and Lord GRVIt ILLE—To have Seats in
the Cabinet.

Earl of Sr. Vorcrur—First Lard of the Admiralty.
Earl ,1 Moto-a—At the head of the Ordnance, or go Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland.
Earl of LAUDICRD4LE—President of the Board of Contrsul.
Ti ERNST— Chuacellor of the Exchequer.
General FißCOSON—Secretary r.t %sir.
Sir Jost Newt oat—Secretary far Ireland.

The whole of the Opposition to come into power,
w;t'l tae Marquis WELLESLEY and Mr. CANNINO,
except Mr. WATIIIIEAD, who declines office, but
will giro his support.

The two frigates which lately cruised with so much
success againt our commerce in the West Indies. have
been fallen in with, while attempting to enter a
French port (L'Orient, it is supposed); and one, if
/lot both of them have been destroyed. According
to ooe'account, the Plymouth Telegraph yesterday
announced the destruction of one of them by the
Northumberland, Captain HUTH AM. We have seen
another statement, which says, that both the frigates
were destroyed while attempting to enter L'Orient,
by the Cumberland, Captain BAKER, and another
ship watching that station.
We have letters from Vigo to the Scl, and from
Gibratar to the 7th instant. The Gibraltar market
was overstocked with every article of merchandize,
tn:d trade was in a condition of almost total inacti-
vity. The following extract conveys the most pro-
minent inform ttiott:--

GIIIRAZTAII, MAY 3.—We have a report this
ise7; inig, that Bit.t.Asvlttos is again retreating from
before Malaga, in consequence of being in want of
provisions."

it will be seen, by our Parliamentary Report, that
Mr. MARTIN, of Gakay, has given notice of a Alo-
ton on the Catholic Q te•tion for the Nth of June,
on the supposition that circumstances might occur to
prevent Air. CANNING from bringing forward the
Alaion of which lie has given notice on the same
subject._

Tuesday, all the Cabinet Ministers, except Lords
tome awl CASTLIRT.tott, dined with the Earl of
LIvERPOOLI at his.house in Whitehall.
Yesterday; about half-past twelve o'clock, Mini-
sters had another electing at the Noble Earl's house.
0 • Monday, Tuesday, and yesterday, the Lords
of tt,e Treasury -met at the Treasury Chambers to fill
up the vacancies is the public offices, &c.
Yesterday, about two o'clock, Lord .MELviu.s
had au audience of the PRINCE KEORNT, at Carlton
Rouse. Lord Mont* had two interviews with his
Rnyel Highness in the course•of the afternoon.
•I'he l'ardcz Meares Levee is expected to be
numerously attended to-morrow, in consequence of
tlu.. great anxiety to know who are to form the Ad-
ministration, as something decisive is expected to be
made known on the subject at the Levee.
Mr. -Grottos HARLEY DRUMMOND'S name was
omitted in the list of the Minority on Mr. S. Wort-
ley's motion.

Viscount Cosmos: was, as Tteaday, elected Mem-
ber for Northampton, in the room of 'the late Mr.
FIACEVAL.
Withitifie kit twenty-yeilis ti mighty revolution
has taken•placehs the public mind; -not owing to the
measures of Ministers being basted with greater
freedom of censure now than in former periods of
our history, for there never was a period-since the
Revolution of 1688, when freedom of discussion was
at a lower ebb than the present, nor whets the press
was kept under more 6hulcsome resit-aid by the ter-
rors of indictments ex-officio. it is not, therefore,
owing to freedom of discussion that this change has
taken place, but to other causes; and the principal
of these causes is to be found in a system of policy
adverse to the true interests of the country. Up to
the year 1793, the people of this country were
,mosperous and happy ; and, in that state we might
,ve remained had not folly and ambition removed
_:s from the proud eminence on which we stood, as
the A.rbitress of the world, and plunged as into a
ruinous and endless warfare. Since that period our
national debt has been swelled from three hundred
millions to nine hundred millions of pounds 1 Our
taxes, national' and parochial, have increased in a
four-fold proportion ! our lists of bankrupt traders
have been increased from MO to 1837 yearly ! our
prisons, notwithstanding the repeated and recent
jail deliveries, are crowded with unfortunate debtors !
our work-houses swarm with inmates, and the ag-
gregate number of paupers in England and Wales,
has, within the period alluded to, been swelled
from five hundred thousand to twelve hundred thou-
sand ! and, to sum up this climax of misery, num-
bers of the labouring classes, in the manufacturing
Parts of the country, are at this moment suffering
under the accumulated pressure of deficiency of le-
bo ur and „eat reity of food.

• 'gum, "lio.

THE MINISTRY.

SHREWSBURY, MAY 27.—Mr. BETTY, whose un-
common talents at an early period astonished the
world, and proved a source of theatrical attraction
unparalleled even in the days of GARRICK, made his
adult debut at our Theatre on Monday evening to a
crowded and respectable audience., as Selin, in the
Tragedy of Durham:fa. That ease and eletonco of
tieportment, so conspicuous in his juvenile attempts,
and the native energy of mind which marked his
early progress, seem, if possible, improved : whilst
his manly form now gives reality to what the asto-
Wailed fancy before wished to suppose, as a tribute
to early genius unequalled in any age. Throughout
the piece his empassioned scenes proved their effect
by the electric impulse of resounding applause; and 1
where the more tender feelings of the mind were to
be poortrayed, we do not recollect a modulation of ,
voice to equal Mr. BETTY'S. In short, his represen-
tation of Selim, is an excellence in the scenic art
very few have attained, and we should suppose it to
be his master-piece, although the papers speak of his
Alexander as the chef d'wuvre of dramatic perfec-
tion.:—Last night Mr. BETTY appeared in the cha-
racter of 7'ancred—this evening he plays Osinyn-r-
-and on Thursday (his last night), the part of Essex.

Some weeks ago, as four men were crossing the
water of Girvan, near Killochan, in a very small
boat, steered by meadi of a long poll, they were up-
set and precipitated to the bottom of a pool ten feet
deep. Not being used to swim, three of them would
infallibly have been drowned (for they rose repeated-
ly to the surface of the water and again sunk), had
not the steersman, who reached the shore by means
' of the pole, devised means of
_preserving them. - Ile
put the end of the pole into the pool, whisk was
seized by one 9f those lit jeopardy, who held fast, a
second seized him by the leg, and the third caught
him by the foot. Thus they were dragged ashore In
a very exhaused state, and conveyed to a farm house,
*here every cordial suited to their respective cog!s
was administered, with seems.

IWO

,

NAKir. TAVMS.


We have seen a beautiful I.ligraving of this cele-
bra•ecl Queen, anima.; the Blite.is to d .I.lul their
Country agaiost the I{' sans, evecuted h. tlia. emi-
nent ark., Mr. Sit sap, from a hi; id:. fini hed d .sigts
by T. Srots MD. The of this is Of SO
popular a nature, and the iziterest whir . it is calcu-
late.' to excite in timer lilie the pr. seA, is so op-
pare'.t, that we are per' I ii-re are kw or none
•o will not be de"irous of having a copy of the
Print in their possession. Toe following .i• a "ketch
of the event in the history of Bo tovtcv, •.kh \lr.
Sit sap has d:,lineated with so much talent : owing
beets the ietitn of the hatd:arity of th.sßomatis,
DICE.% sought to be avenged f r the crialiies which she
suffered ; and, as the crime 3 of those coviguerors had
sp: end universal hatred against them, she kiodlod
he time of revolt in the hearts of her inj r d country.
: In th first burst of its violence, upwards of
seventy thousand of their enemies were slaughtered
by Britons, in London, Colchester, St. At fiats's,
and in the surrounding districts, before lurrosnus,
the Itc-man General, hid time to concert the means of
resistance. At Imigth, the two hostile armies drew up,
opposed to each other: the Britons appeared an im-
mense multitude, divi 'ed into large soparate bands
of borse and foot; and, withall, so confident of
victory, that they had brought their wives with them,
to be spectators of ;Mom their waggons, which they
had placed round the borders of the field.

BOADICEA rode in a war-chariot, having her two
° daughters also along with her ; and, as shesravereed
I through the ranks of the several confederated tribes,
she declared to all, that, though It was net unusual
I for the Britons to war under the conduct of a woman,
yet, upon this occasion, she assumed not the autho-
rity of on, descended from a line of illustrious an-
' cestors, hut appeared upon the same tooting as the
lowest among them, seeking vengeance,—not for tho
loss of her kingdom, but for the expiration of liberty,
for the stripes inflicted upon her person, and for
the brutal indignities offered to her virgin-daugh-
ters. She :tited, that men might, if they were so
inclined, still live, and be doomed to slavery, but
that Britons, determined to be free, must, in the im-
pending conflict, either remain victorious or utterly
perish ; and that, with regard to herself, she was
prepared for either. The result of the battle was,
that the steady dkciplitie of the Roman soldiery pre-
vailed over the enthusiasm and intemperate ardour
of the Britons, who, when they b. gun -to give way,
found it difficult to escape through the incloslre
made by their own carriages, and, thus obstructed in
their retreat, they were Nearly all cut off. BuAntuEs,
in despair, sought her own death, disdaining inglo-
riously to outlive the freedom of her country.
This eventful struggle was made in the year of our
Lord 61, being about ten years after a similar effort
of the Britons under CARACTACUS.

Mr. Slll Re has also displayed his inimitable talents
by an Engraving of ZENOBIA, from a study by Mt.
CUA EL A NGELO. This illustrious woman was the
wife of the celebrated ODENATUS, l'rince of Pal.
myra, and, afterwards, partner in the empire with
GALLIENUS. Upon his death she caused the Ito.
man provinces in Asia and Egypt to acknow-
ledge her sovereignty. The Emperor AURELIAN,
of putting an end to the power of so formi-
dable a rival, led his forces against Z ENOBIA, and,
after many severe conflicts, she was reduced to the •
necessity of shutting herself up in Palmyra, where
she sstained a siege with wonderful courage and per.
severance, until the superior resources of At, MEL! Art
at length prevailed, and she adorned his triumphal
return to Rome, in the 273 d year of our common
era ; and Palmyra, the seat of her fleeting empire,
was consigned to stand in the desert, a melancholy,
though a splendid, monument of the vicissitudes of
human grandeur.

NAVAL INTE I. LIG E NCR.

PORTSMOUTH. MAI' 47.

The Mariner arrived this morning from the Cape, and was irnp
mediately put under quarantine, hiving on Dowd invalid, She
touched at St. Helena on the 2d of April, but the ,•••.111.prg
prevailing much at the ('ape and on hoard of the Mariner, s
was not allowed to have any communication with the shore ;
also the 'toren, Capt. Cator, from a cr.. ise
Sailed the Regulus, Captain Tailour, to Lisbon : Circe, S.?,
Captain Woolcombe, to Plymouth; and intelligent, on a
cruise.

PLYMOUTH, May 26.
Arrived the Venerable, of 74 guns, from the westward; the
Thomas, Dueean, from London ; and the Union, fr
Sunderland.

Sail-d the SivaLe (lately arrived from the Capeof Goad Hope),
for Landau.

MMi

A 4

1

fl

~~

pe
! I

. .
II,,1.‘••
I 1
• , ‘
, ..• A
.. s 0 1 •
Jr: ;
... • ',
C.
ii /'..
..$ .•'•'
1...;
I • 4,
11
'• A:4. .
' ', •
O'-' . •
1
. .
. . . .
I.
• ,•,.. ,
• 1
' •
...
i 4'
I, ,
r .
1./
I i i

.....c aim., w u was awe auujeva as MC I.4ISVCC. wissount. um / ULAD, vicsacas sus,. 4.. ...,,,..,,suissii
Mr. GEORGE HARLEY DRUMMOND'S name was I SHREWSBURY, MAY 27.—Mr. BETTY, whose on- pectation of eternity, as at'this period of the tide it'lsoaderland.
“" Thomas, Duncan, from London ; and the Union, 11.1,.e11, fr .0% i Z 1
omitted in the list of the Minority on Mr. 'S. Wort- ,I common talents at an early period astonished the
was octet ly impossible, from the for the boats to ; •
~
les s motion. 1 world, and proved a source of theatrical attraction surf,
forSawil-dadothne. Soalie (lately arrived from the Capeof Gin d Hope),
I approach the Tnscar rock. The water poured in so re- i .
Viscount Courson was, oe Tefasday, elected Mem- i unparalleled even in the days of theme's, made his nu), below, that some were unhappily drowned be-
her for Northampton, in the rooes,.of 'the late Mr. 1 adult debut at our 'Theatre on Monday evening to a
;fore they could reach the deck ; and others, in their • On Friday s'ennight an 'inquest was held at +Long •
PLRCETAL. . j crowded and respectable audience., as &Um, in the . . ri',l
.attempts to extricate themselves, were bruigsaged4a .Settonsi by J. -W. .0 tarts, Gent. Colonist., on the
Withititlie kit twenty-yestis i mighty 'revolution I Tragedy of Darbanossa. That ease and elegance eV
I most shocking manner, by the heavy bag d - body. of Volm*Haker (labourer to Mrs, Hickson, of t
has taken•place in the public mind; tot owing to the , Jeportment, so conspicuous in his juvenile attempts, timbers, which the sea was forcing in all directions. that placo), who was scalded to death hiss shocking
measures of Ministers being trotted with greater i and the native energy of mind which marked hisl When the tide retired, men, women, .and children way. The decsased had been employed in brewing
freedom of censure now than in former period; of : early progress, seem, if possible, improved : whilst . „ S'
were necessitated to cling to theriggingand ship's side, ale, and • had set the mash in the tub, which stood
our history, for there never was a periodsince the 'th,rs_,lna_,,nly form now gives reality to what the asto-
-1 as she lay on her beam ends. After remnitiing benumb- upon a crotch, when, in reaching to sin. a I come
Revolution of 1688, when freedom of discussion was lag' fancy before wished to suppose, as a tribute 1
ed with wet and cold in this e retched state for several sacks across thevat, a board laid across the heedless . ,
at a lower ebb than the present, nor whets the press to early genius unequalled in any age. Throughout ; hours, every hope of deliverance being almost reliu. ate! itpcin which he stood, gave way, and the prior
was kept under more 6hulesome restraint by the ter- the piece his empassioned scenes proved their effect !
finished, they were by the great at d praiseWorthyes.l fellow fell headlong into the tub. A lad who was
tors of indictments ex-officio. it is not, therefore by the electric impulse of resounding applause; and I
ertion of Capt. Keyser, and Mr. Bradshaw, the Chief- luckily in the brew-house at the time (about five 1' '
owing to freedom of discussionthat this change has, where the more tender feelings of the mind were to . mate, slang by ropes and lowered into the boats, : o'clock in the morning), hearing him fall in, ran to
taken place, but to other causes
; and the principal be pourtrayed, we do not recollect a modulation of i
and dragged in the same way by men (who fort's- his assistance, and got his head above the liquw, t
be of these causes is to found in a system of policy i voice to equal Mr. &TTY's. In short, his represeu-
nately happened to be oil the 'boxcar for the purpose 'when Baker got hold of the side of the tub; but not
adverse to the true interests of the country.. Up to i tation of Selim, is an excellence in the scenic art ,of building a light-house) up the rock. Tne infants being able to recover himself, lie got his legs over
, the year 1793, the people of this country were' very few have attained, and we should suppose it to lof the officers and soldiers, many only a few mouths into the tub, and walked through the scalding wort; l
,mosperous and happy ; and in that state we might Ibe his master-piece, although the papers speak of his i old, and one born on board the ship, were drawn up Medical aid was procured with all possible spend, and
, ,re remained had not folly and ambition removed Alexander as the chef d'auvre of dramatic perfec. i
; in- potatoe bags. From this desolate condition, the poor fellow survived, in excruciating pain, until •
1
ss from the proud emiteettee on which we stood, as tion.s—Last night Mr. BETTY appeared in the cha- which was nearly as bad as the wreck, being desti- , Wednesday last (tell days after the accident), when
1 the Arbitress of the world, and plunged ns into a racter of 7'ancred—this evening he plays Osnryn-:- tute of every article of provisions and clothing, ,he died, leaving a wife and three children to lament ;'•'t
1 ruinous and endless warfare. Since that period our and on Thursday (his last night), the part of Essex. most of these miserable sufferers were rescued the loss of a very creditable member'of society.
national debt has been swelled from three hundred Some weeks ago, as four men were crossing the by the humanity of Captain Matthewson, in the brig ; Lostnevery.—At Taddiegton, in Derbyshire, is
1
millions to nine hundred millions of pounds! .Our water of Girvan, near Killochan, in a very sprat Sarah, of Workington ; whose kiudness in bearing now living, a woman, in the 10616 ear of tier age. ,
taxes, national and parochial, have increased in a boat, steered by meant of a long poll, they were up- down under every risk to, relieve them, and sharing Her hearing is rather imperfect, but her eyesight is •
four-fold proportion ! our lists of bankrupt traders set and precipitated to the bottom of a pool ten feet with them his small stock of provisions on board, so good, that she can throttle common sissd needle
' have been increased • 1
from MO to 1837 yearly ! our deep. Not being used to swim, three of them would will ever redound to his honour, as a Christian, and without spectacles. Her oldest child (a daughter).
. I
prisons, notwithstanding the repeated and recent infallibly have been drowned (for they rose repeated- a man of feeling. Captain Matthewson, after en- Is lisle's, in the 80th year of her age; and her
jail deliveries, are crowded with unfortunate debtors ! ly to the surface of the water and again sunk), had deavousrin te laud the detechment •in Dublin, was youngest (a son, with whom' she lives), is in his 68th
"li I
our work-houses swarm with inmates, and the ag- not the steersman, who reached the shore by means oblird, by adverse winds, to steer for. Deaumaris, in. year. Her mother lived till she was 108 years of "Ss
gregate number of paupers in England and Wales, of the pole, devised means of
_preserving them. - Ile the le"! A4lesea, where they arrired on the 12th age, which she herself bids fair to exceed, sever
has, within the period alluded to, been swelled put the end of the pole into the of whisk was inst. some without evep sufficient clothing to pro having had any particular sickness throughout her :
from five hundred thousand to twelve hundred thou- twitted by one 9f those lit jeopardy, who held fast, a tect them from the weather, this melancholy accident already very long life.
•1
send ! and, to sum up this climax of misery, num- second seised him by the leg, and the third caught' haviol„,(rdepriTeA them of every thing but their lives. Raisin, hy Messrs.
i Thorntonw
and Wright, a wondelulryitindsonie hr •'r (De er ' ' .
, . •
bers of the labouring classes, in the manufacturing I him by the foot. Thus they were dragged ashore in The Officers of the detachment, 'we are happy to add, hastier are scale nor sated •nore than 01 trftrof *nuke), bred
parts of the country, are at this moment suffering a very &mused state, and conveyed tom farm house, were all saved, viz, Pvt. Nora, s Cleats. Timperly, and fed b, Mr. Thais** Lauber!, of hy, *hien weighed
106 stool (141 h. to tbe stone), lb sroweVdtsumnbicabserat I ala. ' i .
tinder the accumulated pressure of deficiency of In- livhere every cordial suited to their respective cases Walton, Ross,' &Ham, Gregory ; Ensigns Hayes, very
much resembled Day's Durham Ox, Wei of the same ' • !I
bour and.ecereity of food. yes administered, With SUMS!. • • 'kungen ; and Assistant-Surgeon O'Reilly.- . breed. ,I /
. olm
I i
01
. ' .
, .
• - " . ..10.-00000. .
t•
