'!'HE ST ATES MA N

J'ESTY, when some alteration was again made in her
med(ciorit and at leogth, towards ten tk'clock?she
hid Vont* sh 4,. ancrshor` tly..'sfier the Pilitucitift
GEST; 0111 . o hilivetern to garltbn-h011ie..04
feared, in; *ever,. the Iteni A MST was ceased
by mere exhaustion, and the operation of opiates, as
herein and resi levant., throughout the Joy bad been
excessive, and her i sleep was broken in abort inter-
vules.. we understands with ix considerable degree of
fever.
••,OT •
Towards eleven o'clock the more violent symp-
toms of her MxxxsvT'a disorder abated very ma-s 1
terially, and she remained, throughout the day, and
up to half-past seven o'clock, apparently free from
pain, bet most distressingly exhausted.
The Couriercells the immense wealth which it is en.'
derstood the QUEEN possesses a fiction, and modestly
adds, " if the QV EEN does possess afro; score thoe.
sand pounds, it is more to her honour than to die
iiennylv,s." It is no fiction that the country has
Tern rendered almost pennyless by grants of money
to (royalty, whether her MAJESTY be rich or poor.

Saturday nest is the day appointed for the
public entry of the Emperors and Kings into
Ale.h.Chapelle. The projects for supporting
despotic Governments, for aggrandising
Sove-
reigns already too powerful, and for binding
mankind in eveilasting chains, will then be en.
loved upon—under the old odious mask, the pre.
text of securing the tranquillity of Europe. The
conduct of these Sovereigns, who owe their all to the
magnanimity, the sufferings, and the heroism of those
whom they now seek to depress, has rendered this
Meeting for deliberation and combined effort neces-
sary on their part. They have already discovered the
workings, and may read the effects of that love of
liberty and independence which the Almighty has
originally implanted in all, and without the ex-
ercise of which qualities, these despots them.
selves would still have been the insignificant
creatures they were, when crouching beneath
the Superior intellect of NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.
That the liberation of France, or any other country,
js their object, though the armies may be withdrawn
to suit present circumstances, we have unfortunately
no grounds for believing ; but that their discussions
and negotiations will embrace topics peculiarly in.
Westing, and tennected with the Civil and Religious
Liberty of Europe, we are not disposed to doubt.—
In proportion as the light of knowledge pervades the
recesses of that portion of mankind who have hitherto
been without its blessings, and trembled in the most
abject and degraded slavery, the trammels which
ignorance end superstition had imposed must be
dissolved ; and if liberal institutions, suited to the
wants and the improved state of the community, be
not supplied in their place, dissatisfaction and revolt
against •i he power of unjust and arbitrary government
most ensue. If the People are goaded to madnessby
tyrants rend a system that can no longer be borne,'
unbridled excesses must take place, as in the case of,
the French Revolution; or, as in the case of the',

American one, order and liberty succeed despotic
measures, if the general state and information of the
inhabitants 61 them for the enjoyment of what, neat
after health, must be considered the greatest of all
earthly enjoy ments.—The conduct of the Allied
Powers (unfoitunately for mankind, but perhaps,

eventually, 'more unfortunately for themselves) has
not been in orison with. the wishes, the opinions,
and the imOrovemeals of society. Instead of satis-
fying the desires of the People, who restored to
them their power, in the hope that a greater
degree of liberty, and the securily of Repre-
sentative Constitutions, would be granted to them,'
the Sovereigns and the arbitrary Governments
that are tottering even amidst their successes,
Item leagued only for the purpose of imposing fetters
upon their subjects, and checking the progress of the
human nand. They have consequently created a high
degree of excitement, and a spirit of resistance to
their measures in the public mind, which threatens
to boil over, and " set the cauldron in a Wm."—
The Wort to be now made is to repress, and, if pos-
sible, provide against the clanger likely to result to
despotic thrones from this feeling ; the People, or
their wishes, it is evident, are to be held in no other
respects as worthy of attention. Such is the leagued
despotism of the Legitimates, that a German Prince,
ho is disposed to prove himself a wise or a good
man, and willing to respect the opinions of his sub-
jects, cannot accede to their wishes, in giving them
a liberal Constitution, until he has submitted the na-
tore of that Constitution to this most magnificent
and arrogant Assembly ! The Grand Duke of
Balsam, previously to the ratification of the new and
libetalCoettitution which he has given to his subjects,
oast ley it barer° the Holy Alliance for their accept.
arm; sad as we have no doubt bat they wilt reject
it in tote, as a libel upon their own arbitrary Go.
vestments, we can conceive what a pulsation will be
/ilea to the public mind on this account ;
4 *elation that will be felt throughout all Ger-
wsany, wicere one common feeling of indigos-
lion prevails against the faithless Sovereigns,
sato' have so shamefully belied their promises. It is
against this feeling, and the.possiblity of its being gra-
tified, that the wits of the assembling -Congress has
now to provide.

"'~._

French Papers to the 19th, and a Mail from 1101-
land, have arrived. Tbei Bulletins of the Duchess of
BERRIES health represent her as in a progressively
_ .

pfafvouoora,hisetist i ,: Nl:wohicrihotwicee is takeninfeihstof D
e ti
ttipeiall
'". td.' A'. ,- -. from effectiolt ,to pch i)11
or il r.. . afflict! in Hie Ii 'is I 1 r4l s,
co lion' a 'Prefect of the'Sei , a crib.
tingent which Paris has to tarnish to the new Inscrip.
Lion, are 11;1" fat nirwreel;ll4-nnirelpiaer for
1817.41101V0r14159441K(4,,,f5cea0x is to furnish
49, sod that of. St. De9iLigt !ite each of those two

years!, . , • • •
The intelligence from Spain ID these Papers affords
some further instances of the grateful returns made
by FERDINAND to the Friends and Patriots to whose
exertions he is indebted for hit Throne. LORENZO
CALrO, formerly a merchant, mod afterwards a Mi-
litary Intendant, and Member of the Cores, who
.
enjoyed a retired pension at Talavera, bits been• ar-
rested, and carried to the Castle of Vallaviciose,,
but for what cause is not known. TM, Count of
MONTIJO, who rendered such services to the Royal
cause at Aranjuez, in 1808, has been removed from
his Government at Granada, and sent in, dilrace to
Burgos. Some details of the state of affairs in
Mexico are given klerters from Vet' Cris, but these
are the statements pot forth by the Royalists, and, of
course, represent their cause as sucees4ut.
The seizure of Pensacola by the United States'
troops seems to have had an extraordinary effect
upon the Merchants of Marseilles. Under an im.
pression that it would lead to a rupture between
Spain and the American Government, they open..
fated considerably in sugar, coffee, and tobacco;
but the subsequent conduct of the United States, in
disavowing the act of their General, restored the
markets to their previous state.

It appears by the accounts from the North, that
the People of Norway, however they 'may constitu-
tionally submit to their t►ew Sovereign, are in no
disposition either to pay him personal respect or re-
linquish their privileges ; the Diet having by a great
majority rejected the proposition made by the
Swedish Government for changing certain articles of
the Constitution ; and having also, with equal de-
cision, rejected the proposition of going to meet the

the frontiers.

Letters from the French frontiers by the Dutch
Mail, take notice that, previous to the review, the
Duke of WELLINGTON bad some conferences with
Lord CASTLEREAGH.

DREADFUL. GALE AT CADIZ.
The following is en Extract of a Letter f►om the
Agents to Lloyd's at Cadiz, dated the Ist September,
1818 : 64 A severe gale from the East was experi-
enced here on the I.lth ult., which lasted the
whole of that tiight, and the greater part of the fol.
lowing day. The following vessels sustained damage:
—The Alexander, Graham, from Liverpool to Meg-
sina, which had sprung a leek, and put in here,
must discharge her cargo and repair; the Kitty, of
Waterford, Duggan, Master, drove ashore, and lost
an anchor and cable; the Samuel, Le Lschuer, of
Guernsey, lost an anchor and cable; the Insolante,
alias Le Penn, of Malta, Lafforte, Master, driven
on shore, and knocked her keel off, and expected
to go to pieces; the Spanish brigs S,. Joze, alias
Esperanaa, and Nuevo Felepene, were driven on
shore, and went to pieces; and some other vesses
lost anchors and cables."

VISITS TO THE QUEEN.—Iii the forenoon of yes-
terday, the Duke of YORK Visited Kew Palace, in
his way from Outlands to London, and passed seve.
ral hours with the Princesses and the Physicians. The
Princesses were also visited by the Countess of CAR-
DIGAN; end they resumed their walks in the Gar-
dens, attended by General TAYLOR. Sir HENRY
lIALFORD set out also to attend the Princesses in
their walk, but he was recalled by the arrival of Dr.
BAILLIE at the Palace, from Windsor. Dr. BAILLIE
visited her MAJESTY in company with the other
Physicians, and they had afterwards a consultation.
which lasted a considerable time, and he then re-
turned to the Castle. About three o'clock the Dis•
chess of YORK arrived from Outlands in her curricle,
and a little before five the Patrice REGENT from
G.r.tost..llouse. The Duchess was about to depart,
and was entering her curricle, whets the PRINCE
drove into the court. Her Royal llighnesss imme.
distely re-alighted and remained till the departure of
the PRINCE, and at half past pis o'clock they departed
within a few minutes of each other ; the PRINCE to
return to Carlton-House to dinner, and her Royal
Highness to Oatlands. The Duke of SussEi Was
also at the Palace in the coarse of the afternoon, and
he alighted, as usual, at one of the private doors of
the Botanic Gardens, which open on to Kew Green.
His Royal Highness, withdrew immediately on the
arrival of the PRINCE REGENT.

Saturday Mr. O'MEARA, late Surgeon to BONA•
PARTE, had en interview with Sir G.CoceaunN, at
the Admiralty.
Sir GEO. Commune left town on Saturday, for
Portsmouth.

The King of FRANCE has made a present to the
Duke de Itictl ELI en of a magnificent service of plate,
several carriages of ceremony, and a set of eight su-
perb horses, all of which base been sent on for Ai:-
_ _ _

The Buenos Ayres Government has Issued an pr.,
der, declaring that the Hag used on board vessels of
wars besides the two colours of white and blue
hitherto adopted, shall have a Sun in the centre to
distinguish them from merchantmen.
The Cartoll, Capt. FURNEAUX) will sail when
the stied is fair for the Cape, the Mauritius, and 1
Trincomalee. Major. General .-nAnumia goes oat as
Military Commandant to the blauritius. He will
also act as Governor of that Colony until the arrival'
of H. T. FARQUITAR, Esq. at present in England'
for the re-establishment of his health, bat who will
shortly return to his government, with the Govern-
meet arrangements of the Administration.
