-

THE
-r
whr7."-4211.111115t—i"P""'"na shosiliAkisatimi by a mispasmfoa of
Ohs Habeas Itt Ad. WO theca, however,
itte alike no is tay:2l:bat the coodition 1
of each iadivishial would& , since, by the re-
straint 04 their press, the vest! noose of the itscar-
eerated vtitini might never be publicly known.
The Marquis de la Firrrrit gave the best in-
terpretation of what this famous Bill purported
to be in his energetic and pithy remark upon
its tendency and bearing. His words deserve
to be engraven upon the gates of the city, of
which he is so distinguished a patriot. After
having exercised a powerful logic against the
prefer, he apostrophized in the following striking
manner :—" Gentlemen, it is now three and thirty
years since 1 first demanded, in the assembly of
the Notables of 17)47, the abolition of the letiree
de cachet ; 1 this day vote against their re-establish-
mew."

The Minister of the interior (the Connt Simeon)
maintained the necessity for the proposed law, and to
prove it he gave the following information:—
" A man, named inert, was for some days at the
depot of the Prefecture of Police, waiting, in conse-
quence of being destitute of every ►esonrcr, to he con-
veyed to the houae of St. Denis, where he hail alr;aily
been several times. On the Ifith of February be
mote as follows to the Chief de Division of the Po-
lice:—

" • Monsieur--I hare learnt with very great pleasure
Ole assassination of the-fiwke de ?Wei, and I Mink it
would be desirable if the rest of the family met with the
same fate. This would be only a just punishment for
all the evils which they have brought upon France, by
their obstinacy in persisting to reign over a pt.* who
bad rejected them, and lead even for a long tame for-
gotten them. What glory has he acquired who struck
the blow, and how novels I envy
one day be enabled to eqnal his courage.'
"This letter," said the Minister, " was written and
signet, by the Mall above alluded to, hut, upon applica-
tion to time Tribunals, it was found there was no law to
punish him."

So that for the madness of one man, or from the
wicked forgery of other men, a nation is to be put
under the ban of slavery ! Forbid it reason ! im-
proved social knowledge forbid it !!

CENPRAL ELECTION

, .
- ...0.-...
CI?! 00 Ohmic —h is the intention of a most no
actaille porticos of the Electors of Dublin to put the
Wu. Charles /leads! Bosh, his Majesty's Solicitor-
thmeral, in woinination for the repramotatioa a this
tilt:with Mr. Drattan.
report circulated through the papers, this lies
Pastore* Wilson was to start for Yorkshire, in mom
Adolf to Lord Milton, prom to be, as we suspected, -an
idle. fabrication. If a third candidate had suoceded
in his election for Yorkshire, the general feeling of the
county and of the country proclaims that it would not
hate been to the exclusion of Lord Milton.
Oh Thursday Lord Milton visited Bradford, to pay
his respects to the manufacturers at that place, by whisk
he was very cordially received; and on Saturday his
Lordship, we understand, sheaved a 'loader mark of
respect to his friends at Halifax.
Hto.t..—The election for Hull took place on Tuesday
last, when Mr. Mitchell, the late Member, and Mr. D.
Sykes, of Harwell, a staunch and well-tried Whip were
returned witlenut opposition. The reception given to
Mr. Mitchell on his first entrance into the town was not
very cordial: he was assailed with snow-balls, and cer-;
Lain cries of " \o 10,001:t. a-year for the Duke of York,"'
" No Mattehester Magistrates," were sounded in his ears
in all directions. Brick-bats were also hurled at his
carriage: his baggage was carried oil, but afterwards
recovered. and his handsome carriage was smashed to
pieces, and thrown into the Humber. Ibis outrage does
not appear to have been committed by the Orange party,
hut hr the disappointed men of his own colour, who
layers nut employed, and whose rage was excited by the
contrast between what these free and independent elec-
tors considered his present parsimony, and his former
?win sion towards them. The resignation of Mr. Graham
was generally deplored till he met with so fit a successor
in Mr. Sykes. lie had conciliated all parties, but his last 1
election cost him 10,010. and, though it may be a good'
i speculation to purchase a seat on the Treasury Benches ;
at that price, it is rather too large a sum to hazard a i
mmo! tune, for the privilege of disinterestedly serving
one's country.
NawcasTax, Shawn 11.—This town has been rather
tosexpectetili involved in all the bustle of a contested
election. ior some slays paat there have been roomers
ea third candidate being proposed, hut they were ge-
nerally believed to be more in consonance with' the wishes
than the hopes of those who raised them. Sir M. W.
Ridley, Bart., and Major Ellison, in behalf of his bro-
ther, Cuthbert Ellison, Esq. (who is abroad on account
of his health) the late members, waited on the companies
on Tuesday and Wednesday, and it was generally ex-
pected that they wools!, yesterday (when the election
was fixed by thi. sheriff) have been returned without op-
position. On the previous evenitaz, however, a requisition
was presented to James (trattoria Clarke, Esq. calling upon
hint to come forward as a candidate : to which lie assented,
and when he entered the hall yesterday morning he was
loudly cheered. After the preliminary forms had been
gone throtagh, Sir Al. W. Ridley was proposed by Dr.
kleoallam, seconded by Mr. W. I 'oates. Cuthbert
set
El. was proposed by Mr. Alderman Sorshie, s
by l'homas 11. uokson, Esq. 31r. William Scott, the au
of our illustrious townsman, the Right Hon. Sir W.
Scott, was then proposed by Mr. Robert Nichol, se-
conded by Mr. John .Shipley. Mr. Clarke had previously
declined being proposed. The show of hands was to
favour of Sir M. W. Ridley and Mr. Scott; but Major
behalf of his brother, and the
"'his mornino at 9 o'clock.
of this turn of affairs,
door of the hall, anti
. hut, under the Mecum-
off. It is about 40 years
'tie tows, The freemen,
the exclusive right of
2 may-wirarre;
non-resident free-
ly the nuoulters were
• - - 4147
.dr. Ellison
Mr. Scott
