STATESMAN

Government of Fetersbergh, marched from the capi-
tal, after having been reviewed by his Majesty the
Kmperor, and received the blessing of the Arch-
bishop. These troops retain their natioeld dress.—
They wear round hats, embellished with a cross and
an inscription—" For our religiod and Dative coils-
try." They are armed with good muskets and bayo-
nets, and have battle-axes at their sides. These
troops are inspired with the most lively enthusiasm,
and when the Emperor arrived to conduct them to
the city gates, he was received and accompanied with
the most cheerful buzzes. On the 15th inst. several
regular regiments marched from hence, which, as
well as the recruits, are intended to reinforce the
army at the Dwina.

imasonmscity, but not strong either by art or nature,
was not deemed adviseable—for Bonamatz, with
his superior force, might have pushed a strong divi-
sion over the Moskwa, and have penetrated into the
rear of the city, so as to have cut off the retreat of
the Russians, by the Vladymir read. They would then
have been cooped up in Moscow, and the consequences
might have been fatal to them.. Nor could Moscow
have been preserved from the ruin that has befallen it.
The bombardment of the city by the French—the
reciprocal firing of the Russian and French artillery
would have set fire to the city, for the most part
built of wood, quite as effectually as Bolvarmin re.
presents it to have been done by the agents of the
Governor Rorroscutn. It was better, therefore,
for the Russians to retire in unbroken force, leaving
Moscow, reluctantly of course, to its fate."

In our Paper of yesterday, after giving • faint
picture of the dreadful conflagration at Moscow, se
related in the Twentieth Bulletin, and descanting on

the barbarous policy that prompted Aizassoett to

His Majesty's ship Scylla has been ordered by
Telegraph from Plymouth to Yarmouth, to collect
all the transports with troops, and proceed with
them to the westward, where the remainder of the
convoy are to rendezvous, and sail for Lisbon and
Corunna, without delay.
An order was this day issued by Government for
taking up 90,000 additional tons of shipping, to take
out further reinforcements and supplies to the Penin-
sula.

have recourse to such frantic acts of desperation, we
thought it not improper to eiamine, for a moment,
into the conduct and character of those who appear
to be the principal managers of this tragic-political

_ .
drama. In tracing the sanguinary stream of war
from its confluence to its polluted source, we had

occasion to recur to the Cabinet of St. James's, as
being chargod with disseminating, by its policy and
intrigue, those disatrous calamities of war among sur.

rounding nations, which are preying upon the inter-
The following Notice, posted up yesterday at
nal vitals of its own kingdom. We are convinembahet Lam's, occasioned a strong sensation, both in the
the bulk of the people of this country feel too Stock Market, and on the Royal Exchange. It was
keenly, not to perceive the justice of the im. in these terms :--‘' Arrived his Majesty's ship Abou-
potation ; and if they be tot sunk so deep into kir, Rear-Admiral MARTIN, from the Baltic."—The
despotic servility, as to have lost the princi-
conclusion from hence was, that the British fleet was
no longer of service in the Baltic, an Armistice hay-
pies of honest pride, and every sense of tie' ing been agreed upon preparatory to a pacification
tional dignity, we shall, ere long, see them exert between NAPOLEON and ALEXANDER. The truth,
every constitutional means to recover their rights, however, is, that the gallant Admiral has long since
and redeem their country from the impending left his station off Rigs, was subsequently employed
danger into which it has been, by the mistaken
in bombarding the works below Dautzic, and, on ac-
policy of its Rulers, at last precipitated. Expe-
count of hie infirm state of health in a northern cli.
mate, has been appointed on a new duty in the Medi-
rience, as well as history, has taught us how terranean. In addition to this, the necessity of the
dangerous it is to the prosperity of a nation calmly presence of a British naval force in the Eastern Bal.
to suffer the encroachments of despotism. " Sleep, tic no longer exists, Admiral Cnowe having arrived
in a STATE," says MONTESOUIEU, " is followed by from Archangel with six Russian men of war, and a
quantity of gun-boats having been fitted out to annoy
slavery." There is nothing that requires more to be
watched than power ; and there is nothing that re. the enemy on the Dwina, and in other situations inthe same vicinity.
quires to be opposed with more determined resole- Our letters from North America mention the pro.
lion than the invasions of despotism. Licentiousness bability that Mr. CLINTO V, of New York, the ne.
and despotism have a similar effect : they are both phew of the late Vice-President of that name, trill be
destructive to a free Government ; and the liber-
chosen President at the election which is to take
ties and property of the people are as liable to
place in the present month of Qctober, and that the
Federalists have engaged to support him, on his ex-
be outraged by the invasion of a Des of or a lawless press declaration, that he would rc-establish trap.
Administration, as they are by the fury of a I=k:a quality with Great Britain. This circumstance seems
mob. In opposing the former the people often be. to afford the only chance of an early termination of
come the latter—the one is the cause, the other the this unfortuuate war with the Republic. The
ad-
vices from Canada imply, that the disgraceful sur-
effect ; a larelegs mob has deitroyed its thousands—a
render of General llul.t. and his army, has finished
lazoless Administration its millions! The Constitu- the campaign on the river St. Lawrence. It is said'l
Lion of England equally guards against both ; riot that this Commander, and the prisoners lately under
.1
befog a power confused, and without system to sup- Ms orders, were approaching Quebec, from whence
port it, is easily subdued, and the tumult soon sub. they were to be sent to Great Britain ; but their
sides; but despotism bearing the form of Govern-
transport hither is not at all probable. The follow.
e
meta, and armed with its vonct hi are extracts from the Quebec Herald :
,Is an evil not to be , - ,_.
f Qurntc, SEPT. I.—A number of Picaroon pri-
conquered without dreadful struggles; it goes on vateers have recently distressed the coasts and fish-
from age to age, debasing the human faculties-level. cries of this province very seriously.
ling all distinctions, and preying on all the civil rights 44 MONTRF IE, Ace. 31.—0 n Tuesday late all
and blessings of society, It is to be observed that a the troops upon the cordon, forming the advance of
our line of defence, were directed to assemble at
State, disturbed by riot, like a man in a passion,
Blirfinde Camp."
is animated by energies favourable to the exertion Letters to the 27th alt. have reached town from
of its powers; but in a Sawn of habituated despot- Gibraltar. They confirm the intelligence before re-
ism—all is torpid—a dark and savage tyranny stifles ceived, and in itself most probable,—that a junction
every effort of genius, end the mind loses all its spirit had taken place in Murcia between the armies of
and dignity. These are reflections that should be Somr and SLIME! : and the whole French army,
being now 70,000 strong, was expected to commence
constantly presented to the mind of every man in
active operations.
this country, while there are any left among us that A Letter from Quebec, dated 3th nit. says t-
are unwilling to resign into the hands of a de. 14 We have a fine cordon of troops on the lines to
spotic Junto, the last remains of our surviving the southward of Montreal, and equally prepared to
liberties. Yet it appears to us in vain to resist any attack made in this district; and with a
contend with the sycophants of power, while an few more regiments from the Mother Country, we
mayhi avebid
ad letter this morn Ming from Mrd all his force.
--he
companion of dissipation and extravagance, is suffer- says, General HILL, with 600 of the prisoners,
ed to pollute the source of public virtue ; and a were expected at Montreal in the course of this day 1
Parliament formed by the all-corrupting influence of or to-morrow, and they were to be immediately
the Treasury, deadens the zeal, and drives the peo. marched on to Quebec."
pie into a state of general acquiescence and languid Ltvearoot., MONDAY, Sri o'CLoce.---Thehostllii.
servilit ties were this day renewed with increased vigour on
y.
the popular side. Mr. BROUGHAM and Mr. CAN*
The Courier of last night contains the following man stand equal on this day's Poll, and Gen. GAS.
letter, in commenting en which it hasgiven the public coves has fallen back 13—being in all 20 behind
a specimen of its disgusting declamation, which, Mr. B. Mr. CREEVEY is within 7 of the General ;
like the insects generated on a dunghill, crawls into and above 1400 have polled. Mr. Bnousitan ad-
existence with its filth upon its baclk, and only dressed the people, as usual, after his procession ;as
did Mr. Climes,. Lord SErrom was with them,
serves to shew the state of corruption from which but too hoarse to speak. Mr. B. is indefatigable in
it originated.—We shall take an early opportunity his endeavours to preserve tranquillity, and his friends
of noticing the Conduct of this venal Journal. form almost the whole mass of the population. Since
" A letter has been received by a Russian Noble- oar last, no serious accidents hare occurred.—Mr.
man in this country, from his son in the Russian
Ca...tessmo had to-day polled 722.—Mr. Baoueutte,
.—Gen. GASCOYNE, 673.—Mr. CREEVEY, 666 s
army, which would explain the reason of the retreat lbs
but there are manifest symptoms of failure in the
of the Russians after the battle of Borodino, and the Court and Corporation supplies of voters. The mul-
unresisted advance of the French to Moscow. One titude assembled, both from town and country, were
of the French Bulletins, some time ago luformed us, enormous.
that VICTOR'S (Belluno's) division, which had been Butner. FAA CTION.—The following was the state
kept as a corps de reserve, had bean ordered to join of the .
e P.llO Oct. 12.
2227 I Hominy - 1479
the main army. This junction, according to the letter erutheroe . 194 n i Hunt - 286
we have alluded to, took place on the day after the We understand Sir SAMUEL RoMILLY has resigned.
NOTTING/FAM ELecnow.—The following was the
battle, and added 30,000 fresh troops to the slate of the Poll yesterday :
French army. The Russians, who, in the battle of smith - tow 1 Handicap - 811 I Arks/right - 514
the 7th, had been inferior in force to the French, We onderstand the Marquis of HERTFORD has
and who had saffeced Ile savettely, were unable subscribed thirty pounds to the new Roman Catholic
Chapel of Moira. The subscription of the Marquis
to make head against the enemy thus reinforced,
and fell back first upon Moscow, and then passed of Dowssittae, besides the ground free, is fifty'
guineas. Such truly noble Instances of liberality we
through that city, not to Kuhns, on the Oka, as was
feel happy in recording, and shall endeavOur top pre.
at first supposed, but towards Vladymir. To have cure the names of other distinguished and liberal sap.'
risked another battle under these circumstances, be- porters of this rising foundation.
.1
tween Mojaisk and Moscow, yoeld hate been im- It is said the sum taken at the deori of Driwy.bir
politin.te have itatlemed tbettseira is Moscow, ea Theatre, on its ?ruing, weallsP4
it.,i . , '.ti: s'..• . • 1 • .“-
