---
FROM TUESDAY'S GAZETTE.

CARLTON-HOUSE, APRIL 21.
The King was this day pleased to confer the ►ononr of
Kni*hthocd on John it allock, Esq. one of the Barons of his
Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

BANKRUPTS.
J. Wild. Alllington. Cheshire, farmer. to sttrrtnder May
7.6. and June 3. at the Angel Inn,Macciesfield. Attorneys,
Mr. Ainsworth, Macclesfield.; and Messrs. Milne and Parry,
Temple.
J. Foyle, Sandwich, Kent, common-brewer? May b. 6,
and Jane 3. at the Guittlhall, Canterbury. Attorneys, Mr.
Kennett, Dover; and Messrs. Lodington and Hall, Ser-

jeants' Fleet-street.
J.Spreot, Gosport, Southampton, builder, May 2. 7, and
June 3, at the Dolphin Inn, Gosport. Attorneys, Mr.Boene,
Great James-street, Bedford-row; and Mr. Hoskins, Gos-

port.
H. Denison, Liverpool, money-scrivener, Mat 16. 16, and
inn. 9, at the George Inn, Liverpool. Attorneys, Messrs.
Taylor and Roscoe, Kiug's Heneh•walk ; and Messrs. Lace,
Miller. and Lam or Mr. Lowndea, Liverpool.
T.H. Carter, Minorite, victualler, April 2tl, May 6, and

HOUSE OF LORDS.—TeasnaY.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER presented a petition from
the Un i ity of Cambridge, praying for the abolition of
slavery in the West Indies. His Royal Highness observed
at the same time that he meat heartily concurred in the ob-
ject which the petitioners had in view.
The Military and Naval Pensions' Bill, the Merchant
[Vessels' Apprentices' Bill, the Warehousing Bill, the Brid-
port Harbour Bill, and several Private Bills, were brought
ep from the House of Commons, and read a first time.
NEGOCIATION3 WITH FOREIGN POWERS.
Lord HOLLAND said there were certain papers not yet
laid before the House, which he wished to have produced.
He meant those relating to Portugal, and the part which this
' country was likely to take in it, on an attack being made on
Portugal by France.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said that some of the Papers
adverted to by the Noble Lord could not be produced. When
the general question of the negotiations came on for dis-
cussion, he would enter into a full explanation as to the
manner in which this country stood with Portugal. At pre-
sent he thought it necessary to state, that if any unprovoked
attack was made on Portugal by a fo reign Power, this
country would feel itself under an obligation to defend her
against such attack ; but if she became involved in war in
consequence of joining another Power, no such obligation
existed on the part of England.
The Marquess of I.ANDSDOWN presented a petitioo
from the Clerk of the Crown for the county of Kerry, in
Ireland, praying compensation for the abolition of hls cus-
tomary fees.
His Lordship then said he had two questions to put upon
polo* eouneeted with the late negoeiations, en which he
expected a satisfactory explanation. In the first place, he
wished to know 1-hat understandite, had been entered into
between the Sovereigns assembled at, Verona on the subject
of the Slave Trade—a subject on which the greatest anxiety
existed in this country. The other point on which he wished
to be informed was, the state of the negotiations that had
been carried on respecting the Austrian Loan. Early in the
present Session of Parliament, he had put a question on this
subject to the Noble Lord opposite, who then told him that
the principle of repayment was admitted by the Austrian
Government ; and that a negociatton was then going for-
ward with a view of carrying the same into effect. Since
that time a very important financial negociation was settled
with the Spanish Government : but it did not appear that
any progress whatever his, as yet, been made in the finan-
cial negotiation with Austria.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL assured the Noble Marquess
that every thing which had passed at the Congress of Ve-
rona, with a view of inducing foreign Powers to concur in
the abolition of the Slave Trade, should be regularly laid
before Parliament: but it was not thought fit to mix up the
papers on that subject with those which had been laid be-
fore the House, they being of a totally distinct nature. As
to the Austrian Loan, he certainly did, on a former occasion,
state to the Noble Marquess that negotiations had been
pending upon that subject, and that the principle s, repay-
ment was acknowldged by the Austrian Government;
he had reason to believe that the negotiation was still
going on favourably. The chief question at issue re-
lated to the terms of payment. A compromise was proposed
by Austria, and in all probability that would be agreed to.
He had, in short, no reason to suppose hat that an arrange-
ment satisfactory to all parties would take place.
Lord DARNLEY said be recollected to have heard Mr.
Pitt state it as his firm conviction, when the loan was pro-
posed to be raised, that the Austrian Government would pay
the whole of it.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL observed that Mr. Pitt had
good reasons for such an expectation at the time.
Earl GREY said he had a perfect recollection of what
Mr. Pitt said respecting the loan. That Minister declared
that he placed every reliance on the accredited securities
of the Bank of Vienna. For his own part, he could only
now say that he was glad to Sod the Austrian Government'
was even ready to make a compromise.
Lord HOLLAND said he had very little expectation of
the money being repaid. The Noble Earl opposite. how-
ever, seemed to forget the great changes that hail taken
place in the state and condition of Austria since this loan
was contracted, in consequence of the extensive posses-
sions she had acquired in Italy anti other parts of the
Continent; therefore Austria must be more solvent now
than at any former period. He bad never seen Austria
in the Gazette; but now he understood that a commission
of bankrupt had been taken out against it; and it was
even a good thing that she was likely to pay something
in the pound.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH wished to know why the
late negociation respecting Spain was so suddenly brought
to a termination.
The Easrl of LIVERPOOL replied that there had been
no omission on the part of his Majesty's tlovernment.
Any further information which the Noble Lord wished
for would he found in the patters before the House.
Earl GREY wished to know if any communications
had been made to Ministers as to the fact of the French
having employed large sums of money for the purpose of
stirring up insurrections in Spain.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL answered, that Ministers
had good reason to believe that money had been so em-
ployed by the French Government ; but they had. no oth-
cial communication, nor actual proof of such a thing
having been done.
STATE OF THE NAVY.
Earl DARNLEY said, as he saw the Noble Viscount
at the head of the Admiralty then in his place, he should
make the motion of which he haul given notice on a for-
mer day. He had often called the attention of the !Louise
to the state of the Navy, butlte conceived it more neces-
sary to do so now than at any lot mer period, because he
thought the country must sooner or liter be involved in
a war. He did not think that satticient attention was

HOUSE OF COMMONS—TualeaLee •
The SPEAKER took the Chair at a quartur.to four
o'clock. • i
Mr. DENISON presented a petition from the parish
of Farnham, in Surrey, against the duty on Coals.
Mr. PETER MOORE brought in a Bill to regulate
the settlement of disputes between masters and servants,.
—Ordered to be read a second time on Monday next.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from Hali-
fax, in favour of Parliamentary Reform, accorning to
the plan of Major Cartwright.
Mr. Alderman WOOL) presented a petition from Mr.
John Williamson, praying for some direct law to punish
the stealers of dead bodies.
USURY LAW.
Mr. Sergeant ONSLOW brought on, according to notice,
his motion for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal the Acts
against Usury. Ile said his opinions were strengthened by
a Committee which sat under the orders of the House upon
the subject, and he was then only carrying their recommen-
dation into effect. After reading the several resolutions of
the Committee of ISIS, the Hon. Member made some re-
marks, the greater part of which were inaudible in the gal-
lery.—Leave was given to bring in the Bill.
THE LATE IRISH ADMINISTRATION.
Mr. CHARLES GRANT said, that he rose in conse-
quence of a report of a Right Hon. Friend's (Mr. W. %V.
Wynn)Speech on a late occasion, which he had seen, where-
in an insinuation appeared that the Government of Ireland,
previous to the Administration ofthe Marquess of Wellesley,
were partial in the administration of rblic justice. Ile
confessed, for his part, that the words of his Right Moo.
Friend did not appear to convey any such imputation. It
seemed, however, that in consequence of the manner in
which the speech of his Right Hon. Friend had got before
the public, that it was generally understood that aa imputa-
tion was cast on the fernier Government of Ireland. He
was certain that his Hon. Friend never contemplated a
charge of such a nature, but that he knew as well as every
other person did, that such an accusation would be perfectly
groundless.
Mr. W. W. WYNN said that he had not the least difficul-
ty in declaring, that he had not, in any observation of his in
the late debate, the slightest intention of imputing to any ad-
ministration, or to any individual connected with it, partiali-
ty in the administration of public justice—(Heer, hear). If
Mere were grounds for suet) a charge, he should not have
been content with a mere notice of it, but have found it his
duty to bring it forward distinctly, and at the time. What
he did state in the late debate was, in consequence of an
observation by an lion. Gentleman, he (Mr. Wynn) did re-
fer to a stipulation which he bad made on joining the pre-
sent Administration. That stipulation was, that he reserved
to himself the right ofeither supporting or originating In the
House or in the Cabinet any proposition for the ameliorat-
ing of the general state :of Ireland.—ln the contemplation
of those measures, the cam ing the Catholic question was a
primary one. He was induced to accept Mike from the con-
sideration that the appointment of the Marquess ofVVellesley
did hold out certain and favourable prospects of a firm and
impartial administration of justice •, that the existing laws
should be equally administered to all classes of his Majesty's
subjects, and the Roman Catholics of Ireland should enjoy a
fair share of patronage and office. its making these stipula-
tions he was far from wishing to convey a reflection on any
preceding Administration. Such was not his intention on
the former occasion, nor at the present moment.
Mr. PEEL said, that it was a matter of much real im-
portance what was the public impression on the subject,
he might claim for himself, and for the individuals with
whom he was connected for six years In the administra-
tion of the Government of Ireland, the credit of having
administered justice with the strictest impartiality. And
he must go further, and assert that on his part and that
of his colleagues in office, there never was any distinction
made in the administration of justice to the Roman Ca-
tholics. The course which lie pursued on those occa-
sions (which were unhappily too frequent) of differences
arising between Protestants and Catholic., he did not
trust to any local representations, but sent down Coun-
sel of eminence as Commissioners to inquire into the
facts, and whenever the necessity of the case deman led
it, it was placed in the hands of the Law Officers of the
Crown, with instructions to prosecute either party, with-
out reference to their religious opinion... Holding the
opinions which he did on the question of Emancipation,
he was the more careful that the. Roman Catholics should,
in every case, have the strictest justice dove them. And
with respect to the appointment of Catholics to offices
open to their, he never, in a single inste:.ce, inquired if
the candidate was a Roman Catholic or not. For the six
years in which he was in office Le could not recollect a
single case where a Roman Catholic, who was eligible,
was refused. Indeed, independent of hi, impartial feel-
ing-, the Catholics bad sufficient friends in the Adminis-
tration to secure justice on all occasions. There was the
late Solicitor-General (Bustle), at present the Chief Jus-
tice of the Court of King's Clench, and the late Chan-
cellor of the Irish Exchequer, both in the Government,
and differiugwith him and others on the Catholic Question,
to secure the impartial administration of justice. %Vita
respect to his re-admission to offize, lie bat if there
lied been any impression that justice had nut been fairly
administered in Ireland, lie should never have ailowed
such a suspicion to remain for a moment unnoticed. He
did not seek to acquire any compliment to. himself at the
viscose of those with whom lie bad the honour to have
been connected in office. There never t., re wore hotioar-
aisle men, or m-n to whom the happiness of a people and
the impartial administration of justice might be more
safely confided, than the Duke of Richmond, the Earl
Talbot, or.the late Solicitor-General.
Mr. 0. BENNE 1' rose to speak, but gave way on Mr.
WY NN'S rising in explanation.
Mr. 0. BENNET spoke to the impression which the
words of the Right Hon. Gentleman (Sir. Wynn) made
upon his mind on a foriner night.
BRAN'!' bore testimony to the impartiality wit'i

which the Admin;stration of Lord Talbot was conducted
in Ireland. In the distribution of places, the question
was not of what religion the candidate was, but what
were his qiialificationi fbr filling the dffice. He (Mr.
G.). was bound tb render that Ndbleniao this tribiite of
justice. altholigh he differed from him in his views of the
Catholic question; het t Mere amidble man was not to
be found, and the ilptikleineas of his'pnbli i conduct *as
equalled only by his a virtues.
Mr. YESEY ,FITZGEItAbD was rising to add hilt
evidence of hid experience to what bad been already'
stated, when •
Mi. CALCRAPT interfered, and protested against
•this matter being carded further, utile& it was intended
to Mike the crinversation general. It could riot be ex-
pected that Gentlemen *weld be Beard all on one side ; and.
lf it was intended at-the other tide to continue &defence,
care would be taken os his (Mr. C.'a) side to sustain a
charge. Gentlemen might talk es kindly as Lhey pleased'
of the impartiality of the Irish 0 wernment, but.
would ask ivitedier it was not for persisting io Gait'
very impartial course that the Right Honourable
4iieitgsmeav stlip,4l•ll weir leitsself disnlisef d _ •
'office. • • • •
Mr. V. FITZGEKAt9 dow lettere rote to order...wr
(A laugh.) He protested against a seeded question as NO t
the measures which led to any change of the Government
in Ireland being raised, and on the whole he thought it
was better to let the matter -drop here. •'
Mr. CALCRAFT said, Gentlemen at the other side
might please themselves, but if the delta's continued,
those at his (Mr. C.'s) side would make themselves heard,
and the House would then see whether the l„,te Adminis-
trations in Ireland deserved that impeachable character
which had been so liberally given titian.
The SPEAKER said he felt he was remiss in not pet-
ting a stop to this conversation before, the farther con-
tinuance of which would be very irregular.
The matter then dropped.
LINCOLN REFORM PETITION.
Mr. A. PELIIAM presented a petition from the inSabl;
tants of Lincoln, in county meeting assembled, praying
for Parliamentary Reform. The petition, the Hon. mem- •
her said. was most numeirously and respectably signed. and
he could from his own experience say, that the meeting at
which it originated, vies of an imposing description. As
to the matter of it he could only say, that he concurred
entirely in the prayer of the petision; and he hoped Ur
House would give it all the consideration which it turr-
eted.
Mr. T. AStHETON SMITH (Member for Ardover.)
said he was not present at the Meeting, but from all tie
could learn, he was irclined to think that this petition could
not he taken to express the sense of the county of Lincoln.
(Hear.) It was not true that the Meeting was numerous.
for counting men, women, and children, tnere were not at
any time SOO persona below the hustings. And even this at-
tendance was owing to the great exertions which a Nubia
Lord, Member for Northamptonshire, (Lord Althoroe) and
other Gentlemen had made to get up the Meeting. Of
County Meetings in general, an observation had been made
in another place by a Noble Duke, which had provoked
much obloquy; but he (Mr. S.) could not, however, be de-
terred from saying, that there never was a greater connto
farce than the Lincoln County Meeting. tie, therefdre.
cautioned the House against receiving this petition as
speaking the seetinients of the county at large, when it
feet it repeeseateethe feelings of a few men of influence
*WY, who had got up the Meeting, to give countenance and
sanction to their opinicas.—(Hear.)
Sir R. HERON—" I own I am tinder no small oblige-
tion to the Hon. Member for the interest which he has
taken in a county with which be has no connection, and
the pains which he has taken to account for a Meeting
at which he was not present.—(A laugh.) What sort of
Icompany he has kept since the Meeting, I, of nouns,
a
m ignorant of; but whatever quarter lie had his itior-
tuition from, I would advise him, for his own sake, not
to trust implicitly io it.—(Hear.) As to the persons pre-
sent, i admit that the Meeting was not so numerous es we
bad reason to expect: indeed, the Meeting last year was
better attended. The fact is, the lower orders of the
county are little in the habit of attending Meetings la
Lincoln, but those who did attend were most respeetabie,
and I think there Was a larger proportion of the gentry
clergy, substantial yeomen, and farmers present, than I
have seen for a ling time. It was also the most neater-
ous I have seem with the exception of that of last year:
for the last thirty years, and I have attended them all.—
(Hear.) There were ten times as many present as at
some spittle respectable Meetings which have been got up
for purposes of condolence or congratulation to Royalty.
In character the Meeting was unexceptionable. There
were not 20 Radicals present. 1 believe there were nut
20 hands held up for the Radical amendments. I can
assert upon my honour that no particular climes were
made either upon my part, or that of my Noble Frit it.l
(Lord Althorpe) to get the Meeting up as it is called.—l
wrote circulars to some of the Chairmen of the Reform
Committees, in other counties, to know whether they
would attend, and that was all the influence I used. The
Hon. Member says this p, tition does cot speak the senti-
ments of the county, but why was it not o; posed ? The
enemies of Reform might have attended, and I believe
some of them did etenil. At least I know they were in
town in great numbers, for going into the reading-room
a short time before, so many big wigs, short hats, and
short petticoats, I never saw together upon any occasion
before, except at a visitaiion.—(Loud laughing ) One of .
the county Members was present, who, thougn he des
dared at first against any plan of Reform, conclutled by
saying, that Hoe votA for any it would be for the most
radical.—(Laughing.)—The House might, however,
receive the petition as speaking the sense of the county. '
Mr. CHAPLiN said that it was very trite that he
wits
opposed to Reform ; but %%lien he saw two plans pioposid,
he had no hesitation in giving the preference to that of
Major Cartwright, because it stated openly what the Rio
foraiers were aiming at. He would ailtnit that the Meet-
ing was respectable, but he believed a great deli of pains
had been need to get it together.
Sir 'ROBERT HERON explained.
Colonel JOHNSON said, that however unpopular the
term might be in this House, he would not shrink front
avowing himself a Radical Reformer. Whatever might
be thought of the doctrines of Major Cartwright, they ac-
corded with the sentiments of a great majority of the
people of England. It could nut be denies, but that a
great portion of the people were warmly in favour of
l'arliamentary Reform.
After some words from Mr. SMITH in explanation, the
peti:ion was orderedYOßK COUNTY MEETING.
Lord MILTON said, he held in his hand a petition
emanating front a numerous class of persons, freeholders
of the populous county, for which he bad the houuur of
being alember. The pctition was agreed to at a comity
meeting convened by the High Siteriff, of which he shoald
only say, that if the Han. Member opposite, who hid
called a meeting at which he was not present a farce—
(dear)—had attended at this, 4e would be far from bestow-
ing upon it so unworthy an appellation. Fee. whether
the rank and consideration of those preaent.or the orderly
and decorous manner io which the proceedings wee con-
ducted were taken into account, there never :Vasa county
meeting so free from the intputafioo of " beieg got up"
as that of the coonty of York. The petition etinteinest
'he unanimous opinions of the county epon the impel t t
