TIIP, STATE MAN.

ISPANISH and PORTUGUESE PAPERS.

Cocottes, Nov. 15.—eur armies light bravely, that of
La Mancha advanctq 4., Orono, having takes. prisoners 4/0
French dragoons, about the s.a.ase number of infantry, and
killed more than 20J. That army condole of 43,000 fahsli y,
ad 6000 cavalry; every thing gneg no well; and the enemy
will be forced to acknowledge th it the Spaniards. ever brave
awl ♦a►like, will Got sahmit to tie ynke of slavery with in-
difference. The army we hare on the left of the Tagus is
'caking preparations to attack.—( Portugatess Loyalist,
NOV. .25.)

[Aisne, Nor. 28 —Bypetters front Radajor, we learn,
that the dpavish Government has ordered a levy of 150,000
men.—(LirOvn Gazette, Nag. U.)

OR E AJ.I. DE LOS NONTSII. Nov. I?.—Captain DON
VENTIIa t X I NEN is ha. arrived here with R hermit Colonel
rt.' three soldiers. whom be made prw user: a few days since,
between Mora and Ajtifrin. The value of the booty he took
in this occasion is estimated at .540.00 u teak. Oo the 9th inst.
VICTOR entered fuledis. and set out on the day following
for Staillid. %%Atilt- be was in that city, he seal of fourteen
couit:rs. A number of
.troops of hos disisiou are an Their
ausrela fur Aranjume, hnvin left Eithn aim iu Ajufrin, Nata-
brae*, awl Sisia, and five conaohni"
Nov. I.—The maemy; eoncesurated near Feign de Tole-
do, expect the troops from Talavera tm the evening of the
190, it is said it will march fur Yalkenises, for which place
VIUTOR set out that arornitig: a gient battle was expected.

Oar advaueed partia, un the side of Toledo, are at Alma-
amid and Nanahroca.

Cams, Nov. 17.—0 n the 4lth 1:a1. arrived here in the
evenng, bis Excelleocv Del ea 11ClitO Van IGIASI, whn is
appointod a civil and military Governor of this city.—(Ba-
dajos Mary, Nee. It)

Lissom, Dec. 4.—Soute doys agn, intelligence was receiv-
ed in this capital, of nn Willie having taken place between
the Spanish and French armies, and, at the beginning, the loss
of the Allies was revresented to have been very severe, with
oat say documents being produce,l, which proved t.:e au-
theutkity of it. Bat it is now knowa that the Spanish army,
wittout sustaining any great loss, am °Mod isr retreat, hut
that the enemy suffered twist severely, in particular Prow the
well-direeted bre of the Spanish artillery. Neither the ar-
my of the Doke del Pa ItQl; e, tow division of the Duke
of A kauQuenot; a, had a share is the action. The allied
ray had complriely rallied, amt :mother engagement was
espected.--( Liam, Diary of Doc. V.)

A leper from Caceres of the 13th of Nov. has the follow-
ing passage :—" The Luelisb army cavaliers in andajoa and
its environs,"—( zu same Paper of Nu, ) 1
Lissom, Dim. I.—We have the tusencartion t • inform the
public, that else reverse of Corfu'', experienced by the Army
of La Mancha, is not so consider.ihlr as was represauted.—_
The Spanish artillery made a dre.td[ul havoc anomie the
French, wham loss is very great. Gen. PA ale is asio.sa
the killed. The less in prisoners is far less coiniderable nu
the part of the Spanish Army than it would he in an-
other nation less attached to its native land, beeauA.
they all rejoined their different col 10. This rbent protracts,
but alters not, the ultimate rc.ults of our triutop!K. Did not
the Spaniards lose the battle of Slesillm, and along with it
all Estremadona ? and io a short time after, they rendered
themselves masters of that province, without any pitched
batik. Did they ant lose the battle of Ciudad Real and Al-
asonacid, and in conseqsence thereof La Mancha, mad yet
they retook La Mooch.? Did they not lose 11w battle of
I Uel.s, and are they not at prewnt masters of the whole
tract of ground which stretches from Cuenta,uhrbugh Ucles,
to the Tvits—.(Lisies Gazette, Die. 1.)
