-

-:..

I

is ear potter to see that they were effective. With tbia
view, he was about to move for the correspondence be-
tween 'het:overused and his Majesty's Officers on the
east of Africa, whose duty it was to report on'the pro-
per* made in suppressing the Slam Trade. He would
not detain the home long, but be would offer a few
words with respect to the different Pewees of Europe,
who had eosestred with as in declaring against the
coetinuases of the Slays Trade. It afforded hint' great
pleasure to Mari 'that a law had been passed by the
Spanish Cortes, awardleg an infamous punishment—s
punishment of ten years labour in the public works
apogee those awaited in carrying on the Shire Trade,
while the victims of their traffic, who were destined to
slavery, were under this law to lw set at liberty. This
was an admirable law. and faithfully acted upon would
render mach service to the cause. and be could not let
the 'object pass without expressing that gratitade I. the
Count Tonna, which was due from him is common
with all the friends of humanity. With respect to Pot•
togal be koew set what to saw. If they looked at the
past, nothing could he more discreditable than the coa-
ti...a of that power. with respect to the Slave Trade, sto.
Min more to the views of this country. One
oil, omit is is belonged to her, that of con-
gaing. for it would be remembered, that his Noble
Pitied Ohs Marquess oLiadooderry), when at Vienna,
mold not prevail on Portugal to declare against the
Sim* Trade till after encesedlog with 'all the other
Powers. N. at tut obtained from Portugal a reluctant
moot to the same declaration os conceding to her mr-
this monnsercial advantages. The Slave Trade of Per-
teed was ass to be con Seed to the South of the Liae.
Nut without a pang bad thee. countries been saran-
doproda which ware thus throws open to Portugal; but
this lied been emended bythe friends melte abolition of
the Slave Trade. Bet sow the ships of Portugal were
fount es every part at the• coast of Africa, and the
trade, it appeared, bad received the sasedos of • Ports-
goose °evertor. Such had bon'the conduct of Ports-
. gel. But unsold it continue the same under the present
moues t, or would a different coarse betursued 7
•Those who lowed liberty for themselves, ought to love it
fee the sake of ethers, and he should consider it a bad
man if the Portuguese were found so isdifferent to the 1
rights cud liberties of their fellowicreatores, while they
wore eapratted. as at present. in asserting their own.
The next Power to whose conduct he would call the at-
motion of the hose, was that of the United States of 1
America. Ha confessed surprise, that a people coming
from the same stock as ourselves, and animated by con-
genial feelings, should be backward in giving effect to
the decisions which they bad come to on this subject,
after Not merely secoodine our views, but avowing the
same principle. eves previous to their being asserted by
sa. It would be remembered. that a Committee of the
house of Represeatatives had last year recommended
thergetteral adoption of a mutual search for slaves.—
Why it was remembered bow unlike this search in time
of would be to the right of search claimed on the
Ice
et this mautry in the time of war. he should have
no enclose prejudice would stand is the way of
the adoptioa of a measure so deeply affecting the dear-
est tithes and interests of a large class of oar fellow
'creating. But be was sorry to say. though the subject
• had hem argued in a very. proper tone by oar repro-
moieties (Mr. Canning). it seemed to have bees met &I-
MP'S with ill humour by the American Minister (Mr.
' Adam). lie eaderstood a second Report from the
Hoses of Representatives very justly pointed out, that
properly cossidet•ed, a qualified and regulated right to
esesmitte each other's ships in time of peace, would set
ply he different from the unqnalifted right of search is
time of war. but. was in feet directly opposite to it, for
Making it a matter of treaty it was admitted that with-
met gosh tasty no right could be claimed. When this
Lurgersutetood be could not bat hope that the House of
tithes would give up their Objectless to the
imams, said agree with their Committee ; and also,
that the Sento and the whole Government of America
moski do the tame, *ad consent to adopt the only mesas
which could' be resorted to with a prospect of patting
as mid to this *elevenses evil. It was gratifying to any
man who loved the people of that country as he profess-
ed he did, to Pad that the Amerces officers and men,
sews shot ant sirs on the African coast, forgot all Re-
tinal hangs—aft petty jealousies, and kindly united
with teal, good bansour, and good will, to add their best
efforts to oars in order to put down the Slave Trade. He
rejoiced at the restoration of a free and legitimate Go.
messed in France, and at the tranquillity and pros.
purity which she sow enjoyed. But it was lamentable
to sle that when the progress of civilisation was most
rapid amongst her own people, she was opposing the
progress of civilisation in Africa. Notwithstanding the
Peseral reasons which they bad to regret the conduct of
reece upon this question. be could not avoid referring
with the highest satisfaction to the sentiments ex-
pressed by one individual, in a speech delivered when
the subject was under discussion some little time ago.
(We understood the Honoarable Member ft elude to
the Duks do Brogilo.) He was sure that when such
principles and suck sentiments were supported even by
one loan in a country, conviction would not long be
withhelp from the great Men of the good and the just.
Hs was convinced that religion bad made great advances
in France, bet he must very emelt doubt the reality of
any religion when he saw it go hand is hand with
slavery.—(Cheers.) The lion. Member then described
the happiness which civilization bad bestowed in some
parse of Africa. and the gratitude which the inhabitants
at those parts felt for the protection and comfort afford-
" theta by British Laws, and British religion. The
people of the other countries were as susceptible of this
senproveinest as those who had already been civilized;
and why should they set any bounds to British Maire•
leace, and he would sat to British jestice, Misinforms.
tog so good a work ? •Whatever might be the conduct
*caber countries. be trusted that we should continue
to sh'w that we were in earnest, by using all the means
we could to put a stop to this detestable traffic. Oar
having been the foremost in pursuing it at one period.
was only a reason why we should be more anxious to
repair the injury we had done to Africa. Thee, mina
subj et upon which public opinion was so maniesons.ami
theta was nothing which every Englishman who had
the heart of a man so much desired, as the accomplish-
es'. t of that work of besevolesce that had bees so
warmly her iss. With such a cause he could sot de-
spair, and he esenestly hoped they should matins* their
en se. sod overcome the prejudices, which at present
epp ,ad their progress. He trusted that his Majesty's
Moisten would pantie it steadily, and exert their ta-
louts as they hitherto bad done, in the enviable situa-
tion of receiving the support and thanks of all sides of
the horse, and of all parties. The Hos. Membe con-
cluded by moving an bumble Address to his Majesty,
which embodied the Thanks of the noose for the Papers
which his Majesty bad ordered to be laid before them t
and expresmia hope that fresh reramorances would
lathier other Powers to co-operate with his Majesty
heartily and efficiently to put an on d to the detesta-
ble triße in slaves. That they saw with grief aid
shame their form, r hopes complet.ly frustrated. and
item other countries were care ing en the trade to a
great extent. They still hete , hoover r, that the a-
;
peated ressonstraszcs of is Majesty's Government
would be effective. as they (mod that at last the Gems-
nient of the Netherlands had bees brought to admit the
just construction of their treaty. It was also some al-
irreales of their disappointment, to And that the Cortes
of Spsia had subjected all persons carrying on the trade,
to severe and ignominious punishment. They could not
avoid sang that the ships of Portugal, by trading
North of the Liss, violated their Treaties, by which
