will like it, but we are obliged to our Rochdale friends,
and hippo..e we give three cheers for the Reformers of
the North !—(" Bravo! we will.") Three cheers weie
then given.
Mr. Noavxmorta rose, and said that he wished to let
the party present see the flagon and salver sent from the
friends of liberty In the county, and which were to be
wesecterl to Mr. Hunt at the dinner that day at Glaston-
bury, uz a tribute to him for his manly political conduct;
hr was certain that Mr. Hunt was happy as well from
his own conscience as their approbation.—(The Hiroo
salver sera then banded round the room, and exhi-
bited by Sir Charles Wolseley at the window to the crowd
in frolt of the inn.)

lIQUISITION FOR A COUNTY 31tITIINO.

After a short interval, Mr. Herr requested the notice
of the Meeting to what he was ::hoot to say. I am, Oen-
tlemen, von know, a man of business. lam ready for
soy old tricks again.—(Cheers and laughter.) I tell you
what—if the people of England lay down antler oppres-
sin's, they are doomed to eternal slavery. They must
rut be inactive, hat they must he active and move about.
Some of the freeholders of the county now preset:t have
thought this a fit opportunity to call a meeting of So-
perset together, and it is meant to sot nit a requisition
to you for your approbation, and for the signature of
these are freeholders and like the proposition.—
(Hear.) I will read the requisition to yon :—" i'o the
high Sheriff of the County of Somerset. We, whose
nssu,s are hereunto subscribed, freeholder', landholders,
tradesmen, and others, affected by the agricultural dis-
tresses of the country, request that you will, as early as
may be, convene a public meeting of the county, to take
into consideration the best means of petitioning Paellamudfor toe redress of those grievances ...rider which
Alley at present labour, and fur restoring the filmset,-
titian of the People in Porliement, agreeable to the ea.,
cient principles of the English Constitution." No nil
(continued Mr. Hunt) can object to such a retinisitios,
or to a public meeting, but one who will say that we a►e
'in a state of prosperity. Are we in a mats of prosperity,
.or are we not?—(" No, no.") Is it fit to do ■omethinr
to obtain redress?-4" It is, it is.") Weil, if be, thee
is it the best mode to call a county meeting, and sign a
.petition to Pediment ?—(.. Yes, yes!" `• Bravo
•Will you let me sign the revisition'frat ?—(" Yes.")—
.1 1111 a freeholder of the cuunty, so is Mr. Nortlimore
.near me; he will sivs it and pass it round to yon ; sal
if the Sheriff will call the meeting, we pledge ourselves
its attend and do our duty.—(Applause.)
, Mr. NORTHMORg rose, and said, tlentlemen and La-
it gives me great pleasant to add ladies, as I mu
certain that they all are Reformers in their hearts.—,
,(I,4tvgliing.) If they were allowed to poll at Exeter, I.
• WTI certain I should have been returned for that city, es
I had of them, at least, ten to one in my favor. 'they
,losve made me almost a convert to the opinion of Jeremy
, }I-nitwit, and 1 would, perhaps, agree with him in pet.
nutting women to have the suffrage. As to the ohjeet-
tion that has been raised against inch a plan, I do net
• regard it, for I ant convinced that instead of being
,sward by the men, they would always sway them.—
(tirar and laughter.) lientlenien, the requisition yon
hive beard alludes to the constitntion3 I will tell you
that according to the spirit of that Constitution, every
man who pays taxes for its support, and every wan who
way be called upon to risk his life in its defence,
Las a right to vote.—(applause.) That is what is
meant by swot and list—lot by the chance of being drawn
,for the militia, and scot for its support. The old Saxon
:o.nstitution was evidently on the principle of
ant...ige, except as far as slaves were concerned.
:Coo! at this slay no exception need be made
• favour, as we have none hut those who are

sdares.—(l4, aro!) Members of Parliament tor.—
,Tere returned to do the business of their constituents.
hey were paid two shillings a day for borough, se.'
. fuer shillings a day for •coursty members, beside
',travelling expenses. For that they wee reqair
--Vmie ditty, and if they neglocted a dolt to go II
(heir pay was stopped. No Inch a thing at
A:emit-teem bat we have lUD Members of P$
eividing between them MAIO/. of the public
(Shame.) I have heard an opinion that was
to that House, and which being of Royal twit
• rete•st to you, as I know you are all attach(
King an $l the Constitotion.—(Applause )
Patbament of Charles, the First displeased
Monarch burst fate an invectite against it. _
'tared the hleinhers to eats because they always grew
curod with keeping.—(latughter.) I consider another
caw. for similarity is, they are like cats because they
are found of Ash, and the oddity of the comparison
ti,.,, lik,• cats, they are most partial to gold and silver
Baines.—(Appleuest and laughing ) As a friend near me
sngeNts. they ace also road of plaice. Cats are said to
ao.arel. MI are the Hon. Members, but the former qnarrel
i$ h. n they are in love, end the Gentlemen of the House
fi i'e and detest each other. One more similarity sup
vat. itself to me. If you nth cats in the dark their
coal. are a:it to strike tire, and the Hon. Members never
di.;,:ay so much eleetric finis as when you give thug
a en.Hl ;radical rubbing.—(Loud cheers and continued
laoghter.)
The Requisition was then handed round, and name.,
roan signatures attached to it ; after which
Mr. BUNT said a few words complimentary •to Mr.
Narthmore. and contrasted the value of his services if
he were returned for the county to those rendered by their
pre.ent Member, Mr. Dickinson. While in prison be had
nt, and had documents to show, that the independent
Member, as he was called, rented a light-house in the
Ileitish Channel from Government, and which brought
Lim a profit of two to 3,0001. a year. He had also
1.5111. a year us Colonel of the yeomanry. When one
of his tenantry asked that Member lately to use some
interest in behalf (+lbis son, lie replied that he could not
ask. a favour of the Ministry, as he was so decidedly in
tapositiou to them ; hot lie, Mr. Hunt. thought his as-
be,f. as,an boorpt man, should have been, that as be was
asking so much for himself, he could not venture to ask
airy thing for others.
DOOORTIS TO OLASTONSITIT,
Mr. Hunt, Sir Charles %Volseley, and Mr. Northmore
tt,m went into the liarouche, and set out at half-past
e'r CPO for Glastonbury, preceded by sixty Oentlemen on
o.sehack, and followed by a few carriages, and the po-
unlace on foot. At Somerset the procession arrived at
use. where it was received by more than a thousand
people, with general acclamations.
Mr. Huse addressed a few words of thanks to his kind
friends. He said he was proud of the =tuner in which
they met—the occasion was joytul, though (as lie called
them) the black sheep had prevented the church bells
I: ore bring rung. He was not annoyed. by their petty
Bottler ; as there wets hells rung in honour of his libe-
ration—aye, hundreds of bells, which were not paid for
tythes. After partaking of some refreshment at the
house of Mr. Andrews, the procession set out for Glas-
tonbury, where it arrived at four o'clork.
GLASTONBURY. FOUR O'CLOCR....-The liberation of
Ilu-t seems to have made a greater sensation here than
at I kliester. The people who have collected are of a bet-
ter class, and many parties of well-dressed women, es
carted by their friends, have gone forward to meet the
procession. The hills surrounding the town are nume-
rous, and anxious groups are stationed upon them look-
ing out. The effect is exoredingly picturesque. The
hells of the churches were suffered to be rung after
smile contest among the authurities ; but Hunt's party
Las prevailed. Some alarms, whether real or pretended,
tee excited, and the precaution of sweating to eighty
sa....cial constables is taken, the Houdin' say most none-
I essarily, and that they are wore likely to break the
. peace than to keep it.

THE,§TA'

• The procession Filmiest arrived. At it came along it
received a great inerense DT strength, and as It enters
here there are at lesst 3,000 people with it, extending
the whole length of the town, end for some distance on
the llchester road. It Mopped at the- lieorge 100, and
a lend shout was given by the multitude. After Sir
C. {Volatile,' and Mt. Notthincos left the carriage, &I r.
Hunt took off his hat, bowed to the crowd, tad thus ad-
dressed them :
" I am once more smongst you, my friends, after my
confinement In Ilchester Bastile.—(Hosea.) What have
our tyrants got by sending me to the Motile? Why, it
has given you the opportunity of giving each of them a
kick in the breech for their folly.—(Laughter &cheers.)
I understand the Parson has ordered one of the bell ropes
to be cut. Why, if all the belle in town were ringing,
we could not hear them from the loader voice of the
people.—(Hear.) This was done by the Corporation of
bilestonbory—Corporation, indeed l—(A laugh.) They
have also ordered eighty special constables to be sworn.
Why, I am now going to bold my Court beet, and to
swear in any constables, and I shall order mine, if say
one of the other constables misconduct himself, es take
him immediately iato custody ; even i‘the Mayor shoeld
not behave himself, I will take him lets custody,. • .
Some interruption at this moment la* pews% sad a
voice from the crowd expressed dissent
i " bet him alone," said Hunt. "Hs a slave, and
the noly slave this day here among th sands of the
people. In taking leave of yea, all I ve to vesperalin,
in, that you will be merry and wise and separate
peaceably."
etwar LECT. ,
Mr. HUNT then descended tram the herniae, and pro-
ceeded to a room in the ion, where hisdeputy. Mr. fishy,
had the necessary forms gone through to open the Court
Leer. It was rather an amusing sp •macle to see the
tom Jost liberated from a prison for a brisch oldie peace
presiding at this Court, and swearing officers to niaint.tin
good.order. The n y solemnity was foitithiely prii-
served. Warrants having been previousligsweed to all,
the parties concerned, Mr. Hunt proceeded.to hold the
Conn Lert of the Manor of Illastonbury and•Hundredof
(Easton twelve hides, and to appoint all the paarahoticets
of the 'mired, in virtue of his power as Lord of the
Manor, and which right is annually invested is Mtn. He
appointed accordingly the followingodecers :•-sown high
constables of the hundred ; two constables of the town of

Glastonbury; one tithing man for the divisieuthf Rhyme-
ly, Baltontinry, West Janney), NOTWOOII, West Kradly.
West. Oinanholt. North Woden, North Load. fiadcome,
gsstsbeet, and Arts Sand. After the several officers wore
sworn in, Mr. Hunt addressed them to thelernaloning
effect As this is the first time I haveassetublad
I think it necessary to say a few winds ea yobs.: duties.
You are to consider that you act on behalf*, the King,
and as it is his ditty to protect the people, '4 advise you
always to act with mildness and humanity, and in exe-
cuting all warrants, not to exceed the necesearyirverity
of the law. The law sr it is, is severs enough; 1 hour
what it is to be under its lash. It is your ditty. and I•
charge you is the name of the King, to Iron fury pd.,
softer as if he were innocent, as the law of the 11MA:us.:
eiders him innocent until he is proved to.be guilty. wielai
the constables of " Gluten, It hides" to be exteashisby4
impartial in the warning of Jurors. They are luaus ono
account to listen to Sheriffs, or to yield to any indneace,
but to foliose the dictatesof flu it own eoucience. If you
neglect your ditty, you are liable to be 6sed by theilla-
gistrates, as well as being amenable towels Towail.kaew
I - .

source
Mr..lautes Mak, .etirak. er
enclosing a.. Admit horn. that _Jolt, was read, and
the Address preisnted Itz Mr. Northmore to Mr. !hint
The Cuatiabsie 'gave the oext toast —" The King, end
may lie neve: forget the 'admonition of tottoi Chancellor
rostescue to King Edwat.l—that power was given
by the People, and for the People."—(Loud applause.)'
Sir C. Wobanbev, presented Addresses to Mr. Hunt stl
behalf of the Reformers of Manibeiter awl of the Bolton
Union, which were both worded 10 a style of the most
lavish encomium.
The Silver Flagon and Salver, presented by the Free.
holders of the County, were &livered is form by the gen-
tlemen of the Committee.
The CHAIRMAN rose, and said—Centlemen, I see Brit
you are impatient to hear the toast whicia I am about to
announce. I need not expatiate on the merits of Mr. fI.
you all know them, and theicountrY knows them. I need
not speak of them, for
" When Plwahus does Ids beams display—
To tell men plaluly that 't:s day,"
is to presume they'Sr blind. tle has never deviated from
the pribciples of public virtre. Ilas he ever flinched
from his duty to the country from dread of the roost..
qnences ? If we look at him at Manchester or on Ids
trial at York; if we regard him anion:2 the butchers of
the 16th of August, or among the persecuting men
miscalled Alinisters of the Gospel, we shall find his pub-
lic character ever the same—ever 'worthy of our com-
mendation. If we see Idol in a dungeon=breathing
the saltibrious air in that prison, which, like another
Warwich,is to be held out as the asliniration of the scald,
amongst its holy and spiritual managers—in that gaol,
governed by a loan who they ray was ton goo.l fur his
I oilier, and whose humanity was displayed in famine ansl
blistrre (continued lasiAsing)—we hind hint unchanged
and perseveri ng.—titravol) -41rtorrettiferettatt-this foe
being fontol guilty of—ishat? only of one half a connt
of the indictment A crown extent has also been is•
sued against lids property, on the very spot where we
new stand, fur having given to the people a wholsome
powder for hreakfsst. grout the persecutions he has
undergone, I am satisfied it, saying the sentence was
against the man, and not the crime.-(" It was !"
" Simmer) It was tlievengeance of the oligarchy pur-
suing him ; him ; for as the old poet says, "'Jeep with-
in their hearts, rankling venrance lies, and 'oust he sa-
tiated." But I trust bas been the last rifort of that
party, andlhat it will prove but the last flame ad dying
despotisri.—(Applause.) To prove that such a sentence
and aggravation of the- lowsisloriesit was contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution, the 11011. Gentlemen read se•
'era' extracts from Mad:stone aad other legal anthari
ties. Its them (he continued), van will lied nothing:
about toles or reenlstions of Magistrates—nut one word
on solitary conbnetnent—(Bravo.) In my opinion,
Hootileserved reward, and not puilislonent—(lie did !),
touch less the aggravation of it. Ile was deprived Ili
the light of the sub, rod of fresh air. The s:.:ciety of
his friends was 4.44'14m—even to that of his own torn.
I n tbei r malice they tried tosonukehisnout hyanew turnaee
hut the Somerset Magistrates are most aufortunate folk,
fur instead of joint.* him, the furnace smoked out his
evil genius.-(Cheers.) thy that cheer I juslgeyou want me
to tell you whe that evil genius was?—(Yes.) 1 /eyelid
upon it be ware clergyman, and what is more than get.
sing him oat, his own plans have had the elfet t of
smoking tlie gaol altogether away.—(applause.) An

'li&M,

J hook says," that oppression mates a wise man mad,"
snt it has Karl the contrary effect op our friend Hunt.
Heins come out of prison a perfect Sampson, for he has
polled the temple of Dagon upon the heads of his roe.
odes. In one respect he has even exceeded Sampson,
fur he killed himself aa wall as his enemies ; but 31r.
Shot is olive and merry, and reedy still to fight the bat-
tle' of his country's foteduie.—(Louil applause.) And
as I said before this day, ho is doubly rewarded by his
own conscience and your approbation. I will conclude
by proposing his health, and at the Famed lIIP colliery his
notice to the piece of plate which the Freeholders of the
County have sent hhu.—(llravo.)
Mr. Hunt's health was then given, with nine times
eine; the cheering continued for many minutes.
When order was restored, Mr. Hunt mounted on the
table, and thus spoke :—"Heatlenten, to attempt to thank
you fur the lionotir you Imre toe, in language cor-
responding with my feelings, is impossible. lam truly
proud of the kindness you hive favoured me with, and
it is 4W: so deep into my breast that it can never be
erartiaired—((lheera.) Atter the eloquent speech of. Mr.
Nortkesore, it would he presuming in Ins to occupy your
time. There Is one compliment which he has pate), aftil
which .1 think, is hat doing me justice—that of never
flinching. from public 'slaty, when called upon by the
people.—(ApplAnse. You may, perhaps, wish to know
how it happens that I ant so freqoently attacked by
who :have liberty on their tongues het unlace io their
heats. ' I will WI von. There are Many men who are
jealous of the peildiv 'probation that is bestowkd on
.Auother pitman) Incentive is, thit many of them
are men who ire anxious to get their sentiments pub-
lished; and as they bare no induces* on the public
press, they attack me; certain that whatever they write
against sue will he readily inserted both by Whig and'
Tory papers. Let me not be undsgstuod to speak ill of
the press—since I bare been is lichester gaol it has
done me justice. If it hail not hems foe it the people
r Saki not so generally have knows my situation; and
timid it not been for the press and the pe de, I believe
that my fate was decided, sod that I should never bare
seen yon here this day—(licar, hear!) As to what
'have onffered, Gentlemen, when a man embarks in pub-
lic life, or is laid hold of by. the emissaries of governosent
he must make up Isis mind to hear up against it, and
strliggle the best be cam—(freer). When I was ea
trial at York the Jury hensght, after dye hours detilsere-
Lion, a verdict of Guilty on half a connt only. Threes.
aim, andartfulJudge sent them back, and I wastactplitted
toe all the serious pallid the accusation, and fuund guilty
OS the mildest count of the indictment—that of attend-
iwig a seditious meeting ; (or that have I critters,' two
rare and six montht incerceration—(Shame). Here is
my excellent friend, Sir Charles Volealey, s. Ito was
also confined for eighteen mouths for attending
what was called a seditious "meting ; but lie
fell among humane people awl wools, Magis-
trates, in Berkshire. You all, perhaps, know how I was
treated ; I will, however, give yes o few uarticulars.
There never was ao iota of charge ef misconduct ever
larenglit against use orany of my Tamil' ; vet, before,
three month, the Magistrates made four different ovine
le each* them and annoy me. It was a constant ays-
dein of harassing and vexation until I preferred charges
and brought down a Commission From the Crown to in.
westigate the atones of the prison. The Commission
tees composed of two Ministerial supporters, and a No-
allow of a Noble Lord ; and I have no hesitation in say-
.
-. that they - down with the determinetioe`ot es.
• - -

laktillott ritutilTetf to toidost, and in their report &aid,
thsittlt the tharitis I Ifilikligodght, were morn or less
liptfirmed..—(Byavo) 'Nes•ions, the Magistrates
lenatleiregitiatioCk Criil#:*i Justice Best effived his
Areal to, end intonseiPate of them I was locked up fur
forty days and nights in solitary confinement. I suf-
&cell (runt a cramp in my chest, and iny surgeon oven
101 not admitted to see use:--(Shause.)—ln the discus.
*ism of the Magistrates relative to the admission of any
surgeon, the chief opponents were the t•so clergymen. An
order, after mime, came from the King's Beneh for my re-
lief. Since that time I have been treated with the
greatest kindness by the present Governor, Mr.
Hardy. Ile has dune his duty manfully, both
by the country and by me.—(Bravo.)—He had
Ina instructions, to which he literally coufurnied, but
sever exceeded them.—(applause.) Every nightat dark
I was loi ked up in my cell. For 1596 nights I Malt pilllClPlii
is strict confinement, withoot a friend being allowed to
see me at night. All this, however, has not broken an
Englishman's spirit (" Nor ever shall'.") ; never for one
moment have I despaired of bringing my perm:nous to
justice. I never had a melancholy moment, as I could
always see in the working of events, that my enemies
would be beaten and the country interfere in my behalf.
—(Applause.) In the spirit of a Christian, uotwitii-
atanoing all they have done to pe:aec.stas me, I forgive
the Magistrates for what personal Nary they hale done
me. But as loni.. as 1 live—so bete my God ! I never
will forgivethem fur thecruelties they h e committed to-
wards others of my fellow countrymen. Cheers.) With
regard to the very handsome plate whit ill have the ho-
nour to receive, I feel the faltering colnpliment paid me.
I Will band it down as an heir-loom in my family, and
.Iritrolt to soy ekildress as an exciteruentto thrualo :ern,
yore in the cause of politic liberty.—(Cheers.) My sons
any live to seetheir father sacrificed on the block,
sad if they do so, the last instruction I will give
hem will be to stand up for the (LIIISO of public
at ',qty. I certainly ant not much afraid that
seek as fate is intended for me, though I know
what a despotic (Internment can do—they can pre-
fer a charge when they please, provide a jury for
their own purpose, coil put me to death at soy
time ; but the question is, world it be political in them
to do so? They well know it would not, and that if my
blood was to flow on the scaffold it would lie the signal
fur theirs.—(Hear. 1w:10—By all the li4urative lam
gnage I have used this day, I only mean that we ask for 1
what our forefathers enjoyed, and that every man who
epstrilintes to the public wealth or safety should have a
voice in the Rtprescntation.—(Hear )—lf the persecu-
dons against the people and agaiust the spirit of theCon-
@lllation are still to be carried on—and if the people of 1
Ragland cannot recover their rights by law, they are by
the Constitution intitied to recover them by force—at
least it is so laid down by the old Constitutional Law-
yers. I hope it will nevercoute to that ; as it could not
be justified as long as the pow of petitioning is pre-
served to us:—that we still have, though perhaps a U-
sk restrained by the operation of the *iv Acts.—(Hear.)
There is nothing like petitions. The moment I Came
ont of gaol this morning, I went to what are called my
old tricks—(a laugh)—and set about a requisition for
a meeting of this county. And if there be a county
meeting, I pledge myself to attend, and I can also an

to obi Nilsen gistratea, as welt as eying amens we to mu aau ail KIWIS' ,ing, that they cause down with the detennitistioo`of fin
of universal I get nothing by this; my ancestors had the Manor cos- potting that the charges whirl; I prefbrred 'wee-Mee.
ed. Thank forced on them by former kings; and as I stand in their ond that the s,aeler ;was an ill-nanif Attie It f'-)---
ide in their shoos, lam obliged is ditto to attend• and keep up the On the first ,iay they arrived, they ,ho • i silk they
e voluntary privileges they have haadei; dawn ;wile, ono thing *soca , els Oetorydned to c.arry, that ooint. 0
,Ins
.fied up
nt formerly —ae, perhaps, as your herd is amorist libertT, you tail i. n sly ieltiond wrote several fetters tee Ili. #. t could
.onstituents. be inclined to rejoice this eiteniag, I. trod your conduct ~„ of 0,...www„. nil reeisesseet.ddis.
...id wished
orough. mad will be peaceable, and that you will ittaWoutli all Pend*. ;podia wets celled nip, end.atOyi oftouffni said that
resides their eitherbigh or low from creating any disturbance. I now , , , ape. as far as " they woes rooceassed," were all
paired to do adjeorn you." The Court wsethaolivoissa.nep. ..." . , exaagia.:oFff • te.vrT. the other
s the fladisii, -. ; rffsiosenr... , . .
Tito andrian.. , .. ,t.
..„ ~ MI to *t if alls Yr,' •
apt 161,:... et.... kat! eciOek, stoltVottentletatillti riisetopv o • • •)- I.: clad present.
`6l'""'"` in the largestroom of the George lito, rifignzna giro" .. !
~ is-yee.
rr Chat l ;It !t' , . *am crt,,,,,,,,,,m;
to mon7.— was called to the Chair"' and ou biiifils -1 ,vi .• Wl* sa note as f y. r "cfrb•tvis ctiAtted to It.
once given ' - ' ' .' - ', • ..' • t fef Tor litjen frail, toe Is t;ebt of 311. film
~i phicell. .s
"/rlw' I w"' no hen the cloth was removed tfie Cgotnsisw gave tlie on ... ' rpourtit Scdotint2 'Awl if I had not been i
arw lw your first toast, which was drunk_ with aiclaMatieo...... ne ilk,
..aliii. isdrialsti.....
When the se don.-bins. Isewcoehl have died there. 1
'TIM Ideas OW, nada toe pay for the charges of the six
that people, the source of ligitimate power."
I hailw4„ A letter from Mr...lames Vann, the 'ter:oiler Of Leeds. "Its tututtaustiffs, slid expense of MIL, ont .of my
o'topociretonpa at Oland or these six weeks, the Coln
1';,..:4,`,°,t," inclosing ma Address hoot that town, was r...a, and
