, .

/ .'N

..... • • • S.

14E. STATESMAN.

• ,

which are to him a surf• gcarantee fer the future.—
Major de L•ndettac,- of the Hussar regiment, audj
Major Salim, of the Uhlan regiment, have had an
opportunity, with the tioops under their orders, of
sijoingnishing then.selves. General Regnier orders
**al to express to the troops his satifaction.—
Winjor-General Ktengpl had received orders to march
two Kobryn and Brzosc, with the King's regiment,
that of Nieseminebel, and a part of an (Matt regi.
latent, whilst the. etiemy; without being able to as-
tain it, had united all his forces upoh that point.
Najot-General Klengel fought, without intermission,
for tin lianre,=With '2.300 then, "with an enemy tag.
timrsavettong' 'himself, and he would certainly
have aected his retreat in good order, if the enemy
had not• broken elf his communication with the corps,
by burning the brillge. This circumstance aught' to
be made isuowoto their troops, and that their eotu.
General ROgnier is con.

211=3;i1••••"---- _
G.I7'IIOLIC PINIVE#,• : t'
• kr vas ROTUNDA, DUBLIN, MIGYSI9O. •
.......-_ •
LORD rtMGALL lis the Chair.
"cot
After thvlath s fithlrayn, Mr. Cunavr_rose
511 A addreeed!tif • 'Piny in the following man-
ger : . ~ ... • , . „_
4..' gli MY Loine ritivaext AID vrw.tvLassztt,—.l have
to return you thiinks for giving me an invitation to
wielfass a aptittaclblltiftltbteptcclons and 'delightful
to any man that has long lam tied to 4ove-his country*,
It is cheering to my spirits to ste venerated Prelatei
,meet-here, varying only iu.discipline, executing .tbie,
same functions, Omagh under different forms, data-.
sing harmony, and benevolettee•with mutual piety,
.around them, and collecting their docks into one
,fofd-1 'a* the dhlfdien of their common father and &ix,
,gotAmOn God. It ix'shust 'delicious to my fancy la
leeitssemble4l. here-so' many . faithful. representatives,

thiiii.veprehensible; more the gratifying pledges of
!regard,. than the exciting causes of lasting anger or
'resentment. He would not wish to see his country-
' men destitute of those amiable weaknesses—those
weaknesses which are the overdue/ of good nature
and warmth of heart.—Ho ever takes them to be the
.tokens of deep alfectioa and regard ; and as applied
.to himself !they strike him as only the renovators of
esteem and confide:tee.
" I have said that Etiglishmen have asked' what
could have purchasedtlie. advocacy of Lord' Moira,
they hlve further asked, what could have purchased
the support. of. the illustrious Duke of Sussex, whose
display of inte)ligeuce and research upon the topic of
Catholic disability is an itttetesting proof of the
sympathy ho has for cAtkplic wrongs, and the con-
viction he feels of the injustice awl impolicy of their
disqualifications. I will not go over the list of the
opponents of your cause, more especially as we are

should very soon witness the total Emancipation of
the Catholics of Ireland;
Mr. Ifamiltun
was next drank. He said, " I feel greatly obliged
by this kind mark of your approbation, and I
always be anxious to fulfil my duty."--The fo!low.
ing Noblemen and Gentlemen were then given with
very great applause :
The Marquis of lonvdowne—The Duke of Bedford
Earl of liarringtoo—Sir John Newport—Mr. CanainK—ur.
Vernon, sea of the Archbishop of York—Mr. Illy 'tooth
scia
hit Henry Parnell—Jobs' Keogh, of Mount Jeros,e...
Mr. Whitbread—The Duke of Lester —The Maripis ipf Nan.
shire—Sir Jolla Doyle—Mr. Pmonsouloy—The Ris iop of Kikhirt
—Lord Ilasykricko-Altr:lirandr—edr. Winter—UM. Mathew—
(ieorge Lnkine.
Lord Fisaar.s. said, he would give. a sentiment
which had Welt long imprinted on his heart, and
which he was sure would be hii;hly acceptable to the
Meeting, viz.:—
" The Cause of Civil and Religlous Lilierty all over the
World."
His Lordship also gave some other toasts. Hiving
quitted the Chair about twelve o'clock, his Lord,hii,
wits succeeded by Mr. Fallon. Several comiviAl
toasts were given ; and much cheerful and indiscrimi.
mate conversation indulged in. The room was en.
tirely cleared about half past two, and thus ended a
night which we consider important to the cause of
the Country, and which we think will prove another
and a very material aid to the progress of Roigious
Liberty:

I

Ism.._ .
rides fought like
..Saxons. ripen'. ....
„„..,-, _ _ . . -
no oilarerfunitkee of ad native land.' fo see with those again whatever Iniet here this night's' a opirit of conciliation. They
rII ~ . .
einem! the troop well seize with joy
•' of honour, of patriotism, and of integrity, is to be I would be apt to auntie ale of a little mischier-
to revenge their less upon the enemy."
and.detatted • faint! amongst Irishmen; to see the character, the I ous dexterity in pqtting their names, for the sake
BERLIN, AVG. 8.-Very intereiting
accounts have been published at Warsaw respectiug i consequence, and the public virtue of the..country,lof ridicule, hi juxta.pctition • with those I have
the operetions of Pollee army, which forms thei concentratine themselves into a focus, and acting I mentioned, and therefore I will not meddle with
right wing of the French army; the following ire the
. upon one common object, and for one common pur- : them. . Your adversariesaeademien, shall have the
.
principal facts they contain,-'more particiilatly.rela- pot:'—namely, the universal lately. . satisfaction of being as anonymous here as their re.
live to the glorious.erwnhats which die
enemy ;the 3d Polish General ' ilere Mr. Curran paid an -elegantly turned corn- putations will be hereafter. _But who knows how
Ruzilicki's division of cavalry bar! the
pliamnt to the modesty with which. the amiable Lord i many of your present opponentsAvould before long
regiment of Polish Huhlansitnpetuoustr pursued the ; Fingal! talked of his own. merits, and the sanguine ?be brought over, co your ranks. Man is not born ael
Russians; beyond Mir, five regiments Cossacks at- calculations he was fond of making, of the ifionelfanatice-his bigotry is adquired, and it may be extin-
tacked and surrounded it, but it succeeded in open- of others. Ile said his Adtirese was' notdie 'least Iguished. I know not that fanaticism is more inhe-
ing tt. passage through the -enemel_al;triotning t*o i pleasing of the variety of objects of gratification that i rent in man than any trade or profession. Irishmen
squadrons of the 13th and. 14th Iluhlens, alid 'rm.: the night afforded. Any one who'knew his. early i are said to acquire a strong and almost insuperable
puisiiig the Russians. Shortly after, the 28th bri. I habits, was aware that he was seldom betrayed into I propensity of yielding to the influence of the cireulat-
gede joined the 29th brigade at Term, the Itufsians i the .indslimicy of praising a Mari in his presence; but ing medium, but I. have never heard of an Irishman
were driven to Siennikow, two leagues beyond Mir; ! the Nettle 'Lord's desert had, in the present instance, being born drunk. The cause is going on prosperous.
then Generals Platow and Jouvayski's corps of Cos.: allured him Out of his general mode of acting. ] I ly-recent events have furnished much ground for 'T-
ante, some divisions of hussars and Russian dra. I ' etA
Gentlemen," co:termed be Curran, " I have joking and indulging in expectation. The advocates
goons made a combined attack upon the Polish divi- ; been astonishedat theitillexible moderation withwhich and friends of toleration are activeand sedulous, and
pion in the plain of Siennikow. The 7th Huhlans ' you have carried on your demands. I know the viva. my Right Hon. Friend on my left (Mr. Grattan)
were surrounded, but opened themselves a passe _ ' city of the Irish character. I know how little suited it ; has stuff enough still remaining for many a cam-
Ires .
and rejoined the division. The battle became gene- iis to act with tame and methodised coolness when a t Paige. My illustrious Friend in the Chair has little
mil ; the Poles maintained their ground, and only : strong impulse acts upon it. When the strings of the t appearance of inclination to lay aside those efforts
retired to Mir upon the approach of night. ~ Irish heart are touched, I know the difficulty of me.. by which he has already effected so much; and even
Another brigade of cavalry, commanded by Ge.ldify ing their tones, of drowning or stilling their j his own exertions might encourage a hope that wel
metal Tyszkiewitz, arrived at this time at Mir, im. ! vibration. I say lam therefore astonished at the in-; shall before long discover upon him no labour of the i...
mediately attacked the enemy, and pursued them to flexible modei?tion with which you have carried on ; field, but admire how the laurel becomes him. I
a neighbouring forest. The Polish division mein- your demands. If I would conduct my imagination have alluded to the justice, softness, and philosophy
tallied itself upon the field of battle. Kioe's Ros-iback to tlays when my spirits were unsubduedewhen 'of England. Upon this I would build the strongest
plan Reginient of Dragoons, and Achterskisch's Hue- my energy was more high matted than it is now, when expectations. England is too wise not to see that • e
papa suffered a great loss; the Russian Lieut.-(:en. in fact, I more -closely resembled the real Irish cha- she is not safe while Ireland is enslaved ; and she is The day we live in furnishes abundant menet.
was killed; the field of battle was covered with i racter than Ido at ()resent, 1 would pronounce my- too prudent not to provide for tier security. But she feed the principles both of the misanthropic and
Cossacks, Kalmucks, and Tartars. . o.
self totally incapable of the rigid governance you have is better than prudent ; she is just and generous - .
I - lanthropic mind : the former may glut his appetite
Five days after the Polish division carried Czar.! kept over your feelings, of the singular calmness and mistaken policy may lead her into a wrong estimate
poluly, and killed many Cossacks; it penetrated to deliberation with which you have directed your men. of her own interests, and induce her to prolong the with contemplatipg the miserieseof mankind; while'
the height ,of Romanow, near Sluck, where the sures and proceedings. Your enemies, Gentlemen, • slavery of Irishmen, but when the conscience is her .. from the same source, the soul of the letter is hog
[enemy's camp was established. Some Regiments of if enemies you have, must have been amazed at your monitor it wilt never err. Anil hence I trust it will upon the tenter-hooks of anguish: And shall we not
the line and Cossacks quitted the camp and corn- , deportment ; they must have been amazed, as well as happen, that what mere prudence and self-interest . class, as companions of the former, all those whose
pletely snrr minded the first regiment of cavalry, I I have been, that men so borthened and oppressed, might induce her to do, justice and generosity will •
active exertions are directed to produce these ml.
which covered itself with glory, repulsed the Rus. i could have borne their sufferings with such coolness, certainly go so far as to effectuate. Gentlemen, I 1
series ? The monopolizer of articles of human sus.
Waits and rejoined the division.-(Journal de Paris, • temper, and self-possession. I congratulate you most have trespassed too long. [Grin of No, lie I II
44-214 ! warmly on what you have endured. If those men who was indeed
afraid to trust myself when I' got plr,my tenauce, who hoards them up or destroys a part to
imposed upon you a series of hardships Which! shall legs, for ancient habits, Gentlemen are not easily. add to the price of the rest, by creating a factitious
not now stop to read over, had foreseen the cense- forgotten." 1 sa;rcitys is a character that .the public aught, nag
• . •
quence of their impolicy and injustice, I would hail Lord FINGALL said he was about to propose a toast, ; willalways d • butcharacter ofthis i
despise ;a
them as your friends, and demand for them the meed which would he drank with pleasure while Irishmen 'as a gnat compared to a tiger, when we bring
ofyour gratitude. If the petition ofthe modestufferer retained a spark of gratitude, and he believed It
linto our view .the teethe Ministers of War.—
has been handed up tothe tribunal of justice,and if its would be a long period before that quality should be
prayer has. not been attended to ; but, if on the con- extinct from their hearts. 'lie then gave the health of : Characters of this sort, unfortunately for the pre-
teary, the modest supplicant has been committed to Earl Fitzwillians, - - ' sent generation, are numerous; but, for-the sake
1
the Dock, lie looking tranquil and only smiling with which was received with 01%N:tended applause.
1 of giving point to our observations, we will
address
chastened indignation at his oppressor, I emigrate- • Upon the health of Colonel* at'
A - LISO; the patriotic .
ourselves to one-and that one she!! be Lord Csts
late him upon that circumstance. Such a spectacle Member for the county of Dublin,biting'drank, that
as this, Gentlemen, does Wonderful action. It tells Gentlemen cote and said, he was extremely grateful TLEREAGH. We do not select his Lordship in cons
upon the reason and justice of the thinking and ra- . for the honour done him. Since he possessed the . sequence of theblandishment of his talent-the pro.
tional part of the community ;it has told upon the faculty of thinking, he had always been the firm ad- fundity of his judgment-his depth of penetration-
feeliogs of tile Faiglisliman. Englishmen are a re- vocate of Universal Toleration ; and now that libee ' his quickness of wit-or his weight of property.-•
e ecting people ; they are proud of their own fiber. rality had become so much the fashion, it was not ;
No forthese he •
thinge is not conspicious •; but be.
tics and they wish well to the freedom of others. ' likely that he should alter his sentiments. He con- ' 1 '
i ' I cause the qualities: he does possess make him the
Reviving as the idea ef liberty is to their own spirits, .cluded by proposing the health of that amiable and i
they have a sysapathy for the sufferines of others ; promising young Nobleman, , fittest agent among the present Administration, to
._
grateful as the breath of freedom is to themselves Lord Killeen, increase and wind up oar national calamities,
1 . which es. received with the warmest plaudits.
they pity those who know not its influence. Tte - - -Ilia Lordship was a , worthy seconder of the
When the cheerio had in some -degree snbsided, 1
• history of your orongs have sunk deep into their CM!. I ! His Lord.
'measures of the late Mr. PER •
his Lordship said, 44 I. request you to accept my
souls, and they have not failed to be roused by the
i most grateful thetas for the honour you have been I ship is now foreman of the party-Ite advances
accents of your complaints. They have listened to
the story 't••sufferings; they h • • d I o your
kind eetough to confer upon me. As yet it has been with the Court-roll of starvation in one hand,
in my power to do very little todeserve it, but it will
1 allegations ; they have found that you have suffered and the halter in the other; as such •he becomes all
have the effect of stimulating me to future exertions.
Ivs ithout cause or provocation ; they have perceived object of public notice. 'With the affairs of belied
1 -When I mark the progress which liberality has
that you have been proscribed, even without en-
made in these Kingdoms-when I see amongst us the his Lordship is well acquainted-ehe is perfectly act
quiry as to the justice or right of your proscription. •
venerable Prelate whom we have the honour, I may quitinted with the glorious triumph gained over the
I They have found that your Clergy are orderly, say the happiness, to have present, as a Catholic I Irish, who were driven into a state of rebellion by
I virtuous, and diligent ; they have found that
I rejoice, and ns an Irishman I exult. measures-congenial with the dictates of his Lordships
I your Nobility are high-minded, 'patriotic, and prin. Lord Holland and with the lawful manner in which the vast
! cipled •; they have found that your Gentry are ho. ' was next • I h K K
given, w ten t e NICHT OF RIMY roseti heart,
quished were hanged, half harp flogged, kc. He
nourable, public-spirited, and faithful-hearted.
Theyand begged leave to trespass for a few moments on '
,
have asked, who ate your friends now, who haveheaoil the song of 64 Mary-Moos,
the attentionof the company. - Though enwarranted i has, no doubt,
been your advocateein times past? People naturally by• withhe she has the en*
any particular connexion or intimacy te . a which ,in r maniac strains,
refer to higher authorities than themselves for instruc. Noble' Lord, .
... whose health they had just drank, eo i dacity to lament the neater of her father, the
tion when questions are propounded which involve " take especiel notice of the tout, he could Trot be sa.l his the distress of her mother,
nice points of distinctiOn, and kettle' importautcon- tiefie4s.se i • • , king
_,
_144, burning of cabin,
et itpaes wttpoot Teei etto or taro tow
sequences. Englishmen-, then; when the hi &Al. a
4-.-- an- observations, knowing .as he 'did the truth of what the *tub 'olt eller ' fountry, and the loss of her
policy of youodiseuthralment are agitated, have he was going to state.g He had many opportunities.
1 own violated virginity. With these his Lords
who are the illustrious living, and who have been the of acquaiittance with publicecharacters. In England,. I ship is, no doubt, very well acquainted; but re-
illustrious dead by whom You have been supported, ; since the Union, and with Lord Holland •
amongst
specting England we will venture to ask his
Lot&
and by whom you have been befriended? and they others. ilia Lordship he said deserved the gratitude'
4 Ship a few questions. Then, my Lord, did you know
ask, have such advocates as these been bought or par- , citron was not con n
of every Irishman. His tt • h edil -
Ungland when her sons were prosperous--when their
chased byeyou, or. have they simply spoken in, our to the Catholic C ale! "b• le tit upon every subjeo; with
favour according to the dictates of understanding, in- that related to Ireland he evinced the greatest dill latt,ives and little prattlers greeted them home
formation, and experience ? They have asked, what rime and euftluity. He was always anxious to pro.e smiles, because plenty decked their tables, and
has purchased Pitt, Fox, Levinge, Holland, Grey, cure every ittresenetlon as to the state of this king- iniiiitgre poverty intruded not his distorting hand
,Spencer, Wellesley, Whitbread. Erskine, Sheridan dam, and to obtain for its inhabitants the blessings"' ;then theesWeat of the brow met its recompence; and
They have isked, e hat has purchased that man whose of Civil and -Religious Liheity, Ile (the Knight of " •
when the tolithat produced it was forgotten in set*
soul of all ethers the breath of corruptibility dare. Kerry)" wished to eve some of its own RePtesenta- tales of an-
not approach,. whose mind is all that can be conceive tires as attentive to he Interests and concerns.
, pers, in carols, or in telling and hearing
ed 'intoned in ptimitive yiretie-geesthOse houtter is all i Here the Bishop of Noitevicn rose to retire, open ,cient lore-in short, when plenty and happiness con-
that can be imagined high-metdeel in chivalrous sen- , which he was spin repeatedly cheered: Ae he was 'stituted the handmaids of every honest dass' in so-
sibility-that scholar in the camp; and that philoso- leaving the room; he stopped to say, that he • •
watt mety ? Now, if your Lordship knew England under
pher in the Senate. When Lsketch in thee° colours ' i t h second time . • -I . f • .
1 . irippy, Q . Pie a an opportun ty o • re- these circumstances, you must have discovered a
I need."o4" Put the name. over Ow Pithy& 'When turning. ae, heartfelt thanks for the very marked. at- h
country was blessed wit
use such ter rha lia theetse.l need not annex the attes. "Apo Woo wieee:ee bad been treated. 66 shall 'sensible change since the cou
tai i" of tiire'T° sal ish•lhe identY of le(!ra°°, at.c always," said his Lordship, with emilhasis, " use mg your Lordship's talents in conducting the national
point directly teethe man whose character I attempt' hest exertions to promote the cause of Civil and * ' 'affairs!' Does your Lordship no-.o see plealy crown
• re ,
to delineate. I am under ;personal obligations to' ligious Freedom, without WhieleGovemeareer tele7the board of the mechanic and artizan, nay, even of
Lord Moira, but those obligations do not itstie 'psi scA UMW! BE SAID TO an A ill:MgP.4oi: :AND *row. .the alidinkst tokeleemiet and happiness playing
motest degree warm my ardour when 1 thus milee. --
- a
•t wouni Rasaatow za iatte-t etelettple reireist i NRSIX. I.• •
round it the glob* of content? Do you now
, passing opporti ' ' - Itambleerta sounded
qualities of ' .ibo ._ ' ~,r thanlu • at- God save the King
icotintry ti. •eteley corner, or do you bear that
. felt the intleem Awe e- the sentiments of both
' ever knew the accord ; but which, since e
war against the .
the
that man is re' liberties
' of the Irish
r conjunc-
its pettith t carried discord in thei
they are not tae
raiser; er 'BY feNVP.O9
• .

Arr.. Mails. Big
1
1
• • Lisboa
•• Cadiz
•
0
9 ••• •••11••••Itt•• • Gal.frcabargb

'1••0'..

PRICE O}STOCKS THIS DAT AT 02111 O'CLOgs
Bank 41111•2 India Bonds 5 7 dl.
3 per Cent. Cons. 58.1, fitchequer Bilis W.. Ws. ip
3 per Cent. Red., 531. Ditto 34d. 4 5 pr
4 per Cents. 764 6 Ottumwa 514 pr.
5 per Cent. Navy 9041 Congo,. 10 teCt. ~9..
lan. Ann. 15 13-16 Lottery Tickets

THE STATESMAN.

-7 _

LONDON;
4UQVST 2s, 1811.

SOUTH AMERICA.

On the 25th of April, General Miranda was named
by the Executive Power of the Union, General in '
C:itef of the whol Confederation of Venezuela, with
power to adopt whatever measures he might deem
ni•cessare for the safety of th.4ir territory, invaded
by the enemies of American liberty, and subject to
no idher law but that of the salvation of the country.l
By this instrument, the supreme power of the Union
conferred the natural and extraordinary powers on I
him with which they were invested by the National
Representatives on the 4th of April.
Two days after the Executive Power and Chamber
of Representatives of Caraccas approved of the no-
mination of Genet al Miranda to the command of the
army of the Confederation.
On the 19th May, Gen. Miranda, Commander-in-i
Chief of the Army of Venezuela, Juan German Ros-;
cio, Deputy from the Federal Executive Power,. and
Jose Vicente Mercader and Francisco Talavera, De7l
puties from the Chamber of Dpresentatives of the
Frovince of Caraccas, having met at Maracay, at the I
request and invitation of Gen. Miranda, for the pur-
pose of taking the defence of the country and the
establishment of their liberty'info consideration, and
the ascertaining the respective functions of the Ci-
vil and Military Government, they came to the fol-
lowi llntions

,owing Resolutions :-
1. That Martial Law be published, anti that the Generalissimo
have power to nominate exclusively whatever military Cons-
insinders be may think necessary to establish in the towns, dis-
(nets. or departments of the country, ads i iug the Government
of the Union, and the different provincial Governments of these
Reminatioos ; and that all Magistrates shall give them the neces-
sary assistance in the discharge of their duties, and consider them-
selves in every thing appertaining to the security and defence of
the State, under the direction of the Military t'iliers. The mili-
tary powers of the Chiefs earwig in leyyiognild anniag troops,
and sending tbr_l means of 'defence in magithe army, providing fur thq maintenance of
b eanie, HtdC..J the jorisdienbtiCl
goaintaining the pith rc spirit, proceeding militarily in exeentiera 4
of toe last Dkree of the Exetutive Power of the 'Union against
traitors and suspected persons, &e.
2. That besides the powers committed to the General-In.
Chief by the Executive Power of the Uniiih, he is expressly I
empowered to treat directly will foreign nations, and with that
part of America kit under the Spanish dominion, with the view
eif regulating whatever assisLsnee be may deem necessary for the •
defence of the State, giving an account of his proceedings to the :
Government of the Union.
• S. That on account of the necessity of regulating the revenues
Of the Confederation, and the Province of Camccas, and giving'
credit and circulation to the paper money,and establishing-Pro-
niocial flanks, and corneguently. eiving an impulse to the gene-
ral Lid defence of die state, it becomes necessary to
paine alt enlightened subject, to whom die directing and regales'
fon attn. important subject shall be intrusted.
4 'mit Antonio Fernandez de Lion is the subject
no chare
With this important organization, to whose ite Gerald° -I
hullo and J ran Estevair Eckezuria, ;re recodineeded Gs sitii.!
pout 9f their information.
Through a private channel we•have some informs-
OM of the opinion entertained .of us in the Brazils.
.boot 20 of the Portuguese slave ships hese been
token by British ships of war, some of them, we are ,
told, contrary to the treaty, within, the bays and
harbours of the Portuguese settlements on, the
African coast. This alleged violation of the arrange..
*pm between the two Courts bas excited couch disk,
bust, and particularly in Bahia, where Englishmen
are been placarded, and rewards offered 'for thelv
apprehension. We believe that this, sitnailtin sat
Alifor has, from a most respeotably quarter, been.
,yerissented to his Majesty!, 9...,j, ens, and that'
.ploy have promised to givoitu dung/01401 confider.
yti Oh. • -4- 4- • •
. Cotton mills are established,to a predigieet extent
iwthe /Mies,* wile* e'er, Prpontet ttmegatadoe:c
in§ePIPOY flPncluct4ds

-.
pportu tid yof payingmy innobletribota tether gt. I.ltti. bet oirounu se. ..pa er.i.....!.
of his heart, If astj4 sap over truly' loved his
_,. trig. 0001400 s in , rovilin Ilii,kl;',fid, titatjheir the Pang ot- G°4
that man: is. Lord Mora ; if any man enz;rp hat lias hopiy to.Snd his cottdeet had rivet the tsp'pro. and echoed in .may co
niluenCe iit..geottint patriotism, if any ' '', liektlte(t'?U_ 10.1 s tenntlyen. .111 e congratulated these ,or jun 4.. be •Ave •
xv the genial glow of spoutananps libeillity.;, ilt OA :60rirciitii whieh'iher muse' had 'made iof whi,ii , ~,,,„;,ki vie°
is Lord Mein, Re ,ell knows the vieaulty:.deilas'alie' last **ties neintbs.' 'They could sow i "" "'"" .
dill Character--its offrittionata joaloneleo4-1 gagiiiii*lttieli advocitetthe first in ' the 4 "atnelicelntlii. 01 the
. , ~ W. ' .11 ilt. • .1...i._._ ft
h recriminstionk.,‘,lltictart 1-..osttripspal art:. 'etre, w sr Mu, Wire Fon in point of ,of rfassit;'!lave carried
inceeshjerute i ehish more SiturOstigg I rick, prOperty or talents, knit he trusted that ha tire iiimollo. Qs' tr4ierf
are
... . . .. .....
