•tflE hiAfEsmAA.

Horse Guard's, July 26, 18211.
At a General Cosrt-Aartial held at Sombay, op the lit of
October. 1942, tieutersant-Colonel William Robisoq, of his
Majesty's 944111togiment of Foot was brought to trial on Sip
following Charges, preferred by order of the Most Noble the
Commander-in-Chief In India, viz.:—
Isl. For condhtt incompatible with the duty of an Officer,
in traducing the Government under which his Majesty's orders
had placed him; by describing and elterecteristug a public
resolution and measure of that Government, relative to Lieu-
tenant-Colonel Eobison, as a Military Officer. as "an unwar-
rantable tyranniCal exercise of authority, which reduces every
Oscer in India to a state of slavery equal to that of the Gen-
tleman in the Railian service;" tke above malignant eipres-
alone forming part of the first paragraph of a letter, dulled 9th
of June, 1824, addressed, and sent by Lieutenant-Colonel Rs,:
bison to, and received by, the Chief Secretary to the Supreme
Government, and In Which, instead efoffering any explanation
of his conduct, or soliciting any redress, he declares, that
" he does not entertain the imallest hope of justice or redrell
from a Government capable of acting as the Government (as
he therein alleges) had acted towards him."
2nd. For having Pointed insulting and scandalous remarks
at the head of the Supreme Government, who was at thews.
time Lieutenanr-Colunel Robison's Military Cousmauder in
Chief, in the eighth paragraph of the above letter ' • ails in par-
ticular is stating, that he hoped the head of the Clovernineat
would promulgate that it "is resolved to turn any Officer out
of the country, at twenty-four hours pollee, who dares to pub-
lish a single comment or sentiment upon public affairs, dis-
pleasing to them, no matter what motives actuated him ; if the
Government fancy it contains the least offensive matter, the
writer shall be turned out of his house and quarters, likes dog
wills the mange, at the point of use bayonet, and left, sick or
well, ready or not ready, to march offend embark for Europe,
if the sea coast be seven hundred miles distant."

3d. For abusive and grossly insubordinate laaguage applied
to, and highly rediecting on, the Commander-In-Chief, In the
10th and 11th paragraphs of the above Letter. charging the
Commander-in•Cbkf with "taking to himself the peculiar
merit of indicting on him (Lieutenant-Culonel Itoblson) truly
despotic, degrading and inhumaneleasures," and accusing the
Conitnauder-in-Chief of " more ii,cuusirencies, acts of in-
justice, and barefaced abuses of power and patronage, daring
his command of the army In India. than are to be found in the
annals of military transactions for fifty years before be ease
out to India."

Whereupon the Court passed the following sentenee :
•, The Court having maturely weighed ■nd considered all
that has been adduced in support of the prosecution, as well as
what has been brought forward on the defence, are ofopinion,
that the prisoner, Lleutenant-Colonel William Robison, of Ms
Majesty's t4th Regiment, is Guilty of all and every pa.l of
the charges preferred against him, with the exception of the
word seundutoes,contained Intim second charge, of which they
do therefore acquit him.

' " The Court having found the prisonerlty, as above ape
cified, do therefore adjudge him. the said Lieutenant•Colone
William Robison, to be reprimanded in inch manner as the
(Meer approving this sentence may thin'. proper.
'6 The Court are induced to award this lenient sentence in
consequence of Lieutenant-Colonel William Robison's long
and meritorious services, and the high chsidger which he has
produced on his defence, from the late CIA Moor-General, as
a confidential servant of Clovernment."

Adverting to the nature of this case, es it appears on the
face of the proceedino, and to the character of the charges.
of which Lieutenant-Colonel Robison was found guilty, the
King was pleased to direct that the Commander-in-Chief
should promulgate to the Army his Majesty's sentiments upon
the inadequate and inconsistent sentence of the Court, with re-
ference to offences of which they had found the prisoner
guilty ; sad widcb were equally a violation of the discipline
of the army, as they were, breach of that deference and re-
spect due to lite distinguished Nobleman placed in the
high station of Governor-tieneral, and Commander in Chief
in India.

Upon these grounds the Commander-In-Chiefdeems it risen-
dal, notwithstanding the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Robi-
son, which occerred on the passage from India, to mate known
these, his Majesty's sentiments, in order to maintain that dis-
cipline and subordination se essential to the Interests and cre.
Oil of the army at large. and to check any attempt made by in-
ferior ottcers to set high authority at defiance, and to insult
those who administer command in his Majesty's name.

Ilia Majesty was pleased to oh that no instance could
occur wherein • spirit of insubordination, ■od of contempt
for superior authority, had been ended to greater length than
upon the occasion which gave rise to this Court Martial, nor
any instance in which the sentence of • Court Martial has been
morarcslcul sled to encourage, rather than to repress, the re-
cu►rence of crimes of • nature so *rive, and of a leniency
so dangerous to the army ; for the rank and long services of
Lieutenant Colonel Robison, instead of affordinx a plea for
the lenient. dangerous. and improper feeling shown by the
Court towards him personally, oeg it to have been deemed by
them, in the exercise of their duty, a strong egg ion of an
offence "vino dloelpline—so extensive In its evil tendency—
inasmuch as the effect of such conduct upon others must pro-
duce an inlitience pernicious in proportion to the deference
and respect paid, to the character of the individual who
offends.

Tl►ough the death of Lieutenant Colonel Robison precludes
that mirk of the King's displeasure which his Majesty's sense
of what is due to the army might have Ira; his Majesty to in-
diet, yet his Majesty feels it Indispensible to the well being
of the service. to reprobate, in decided terms, the dereliction of
duty as a soldier and as a subject. which marked the insubor-
dinate and factious condo& of t tat officer.
Nis Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief directs, that
the foregoing charges against LieutenaatlColonel Robison, of
the nth Regiment, together with the finding and sentence of
the Court,.aod his Majesty's pleasure thereon, shall be en•
tered In the General Order Book, and read at the head of
every Regiment In his Majesty's service.
By command of his Royal Highness the Commander-In-
Chit f,

II EN RY TORR ENS, Adjitant-General.

Th• Marquess of Lanadown arrived at th• rat Rohe
Inn, Comet, on Thursday, on his w•ay to Shaobally, the
seat of Lord Listoore.—(/bed.)

A vessel arrived from (Ehra!tar, with leans and papers
to the 19th ult. A firing. was heard in the direction of
Cadiz during the whole of the 16th, arising from the sortie
of the garrison on that day, but the Spanish official account
had not reached tilbraltar.

By persons arrived from Valencia, we are awned, that
several guerillas are actually in that province, and have al-
ready intercepted several hundred cattle destined fur the
French army.

New
Euitoramir CONottlas.—NiANu►oßT, JULY 24.
It is generally said in our political circles, that the present
situation of the Peninsula will give rise to a new European
Congress, to be held at Vienna in the month of October
next. In support of this opinion, a passage from a speech
of M. de Chateaubriand is cited, in which his &mellow),
says, that " the Spanish Revolution shoold be considered in
two ways—first, as contrary to the interests of Yrance; and
secondly, as contrary to those of Europe." It is also added
that not only the powers of the first rank, but likewise those
of the second and third, will assist at the approaching Con.
Rees. The object of this ?mien' assembly will be to form
intostatutes the great maxims of the Holy Alliance, giving
than the form of a code, which will be recognised by all
the Stat•s, as establishing the public rights of Rations.
Thus will be pot in practice the great ideas of Henry IY.
—(Gazette Ihstrerrelle d'.4ggsbogrg).

By a General Order dated Colston' Hons., Dublin, July
21st. it appears that Government is Wallow the meal bounty
of Is. per 11101 h. on Irish salted provisions, exported to our
Colonirs, or Foreign countries. This order to have a
retrospective offer?.
Mr. Myers. who some time since gave exhibitions of the
life-preserving dress. was drowned on the 26th olt. in the
canal Caroodelet, at New ()demos, into which he had gone
for the purpose of bathinr. He aas discovered the ensuing
morning with his head out of water, and his feet sticking
in the mud.

,✓

HARVEST.
The harvest is commenced in several parts of the Isle of
Thane!, sod promises a goOd crop. A field of self-sown
Talavera wheat is now under the sickle at Wellow, near
Bath, and is expected to produce full six sacks per acre.—
A field of wheat was reaped on Monday, at Weston, near
Southampton.
Hui N MUG ENCII.-+CANTEROURT, Auo. 4.—Within
the last kir warm days, our plantations have put on a more
flattering appearance. many of the grounds maintain their
healthy colour, and produce a promising burr, bat the
greater part of theta are se infested by vermin, that they
are still considered ir • very doubtful state.
Matorrone, JOLT 31.—We cannot give any more fa-
vourable account of the Hops then last week, the few late
days had rather bettered their appeatance, and many thought''
there was an improvement. but the vermin seems to be lull
is bad as ever, and unless that is got rid of, there is very
little chance in favour of the growth. Duty called 30,000.
to 85,01.001.—(Kentiek Gazelle.)

IRELAND.
off Tits Tire COUNTPL—TIib general absence of
crime, and total cessation of outrage of any kind, are not
only indications of a return to the pike of peace and tran-
quiiitr
through Out this country. In some of those districts
which were much disturbed, there are other and more on.
eqniviical proofs of a disposition on the part of the peas-
antry to abandon those -delusive 'projects into which they
were betrayed by designing men ; one of which is (and
perhaps the strongest an public estimation), that, witlnn a
very shori period, 12 guns, j pistols, 6 bayonets, 3 swords,
and I blunderbuss, agnolintinortn military phrase 29 to stand,
have been voluntarily given in to the Rev. Mr. Buckley, P.
P. of the parishes of Fillavullen and Anakissey, and depo-
sited by that Reverend Gentleman in the Depot of Kidd-
vullen.—(Surethcrn Reporter.)
LIMCRIcK, AUG. I.—This morning the Assizes ended
amongst the nuturrurg persons tried, eleven unfortunate
wretches have been ft fur execution—their convitrions
were had on the tgarest testimony, and in all cases they
had the benefit ono enlightened bench and must respect-
able juries.
In consequence of • the peaceable state of the Liberties
and the expense attending the administration of the lemur
rection Act, the City Brand Jury have recommended to the
Magistrates to take into OW eonsideration the necessity of
applying to the Lord Lieutenant to relieve their Bailiwick
from the continuance of the Act of for the present.—(Lime-
rick Chromicle.)
