pave you; this separatirin will be painful to me, be- .of Representatives concurred, with the atm.*
saute I love you sincerely ; but the idea of your hap- alacrity, in his recommendation for the Repeal
plums mitigates the bitterness of my departure, and two Acts hostile to Great Britain, yet, no notitiao,
whenever I may, I shall always cherish a recollection
of the virtues of the inhabitants of this isle, and the pears to be taken of this additional recommendation.
wishes which 1 feel for them. The whole proceedings, as they appear on tbir• face
DALESME. Geoerat of Brigade.
11 of these documents, lead to the gratifying prispect
Porto- Ferrajo, May 4, 1814.
! of almost immediate peace between England and
America. The hostility of the PRESIDENT is eitink-
Tut TICE-PREFECT OF VIZ MEG/ ELBA, PERFORMING
THE FUNCTIONS OF PREFECT, TO THE INHABITANTS mitigated or disguised ; whilst that of the house
OF THAT ISLE. ;of Representatives appears to be entirely estin-
The most fortunate event which could illustrate guished. We trust the malevolent efforts made
the history of the isle of Elba iirealized before your -
by a wretched petty in this country to inflame
eyes. the passions of the people against America
Our august Sovereign the Emperor Napoleon is.
come among us. i and her Government, will totally fail of success ;
Give then free course to that joy which must over- and that the policy of Government may go hand in
law your hearts : your wishes are accomplished, alli baud with the wishes of the people, in meeting the
the felicity of the isle is secured. i pacific advances of America. We rejoice that there
Listen to the fire memorable words which he has
is a great probability of the effusion of blood in that
condescended to address to you, through the medium
country having already ceased. From the pressers
of the public functionaries: I will be to you a good ,
father, be you to we good children. Let them be for ,of time yesterday, we were enabled to give only
ever impressed on your grateful hearts. ! part of the letter which inclosed the Message and.
Let us all rally around his sacred person, emulous Bill. We will here insert the whole together. The
h zeal and fidelity to save him ; this will be the : latter part of the Letter, which was then unavoid-
sv.ePtest recompense to his grateful heart, and thus ..
will be found highly iMpOrtant, as it
' shall se render ourselves worthy of that signal fa- aniy on*ted,
your which Providence has conferred on us. I relates to a proposal for an armistice made by Sir G.
8 ALBI AN 1, Vice-Prefect. PltEvosT to the American Government.. Of 01610-
t:race of Prefecture at Pork) Fen*, May 4, 1814.
telligence also we believe we are ezehmively in pos-
session.

•
OIUIEFOE FILIPPO AlllOOlll HONORARY CANON OF
• THE CATHEDRAL. OP PISA, AND OF TUE METROPOLI-
TAN CHURCH OF FLORENCE, AND UNDER TUE BISHOP
or AJACCIO, ViCAR-GENERAL OF THE ISLE OF ELBA,
AND PRINCIPALITY OF PIOSSBINO, TO THE BELOVED
IN THE LORD, OUR BRETHREN COMPOSING THE
CLERGY AND ALL TUE FAITHFUL IN VIE ISLE,
4 ABEALTII AND BENEDICTION !
*That high Providence which irresistibly and bene-
llcently disposes of every thing, and assigns to na-
tions their destiny, has determined that amidst the
politital changes of Europe, we should in future be
the subjects of Napoleon the Great. The Isle of
Elba, already celebrated for its natural productions,
mot-now be more illustrious in the history of mt-
.:. tious because it renders homage to its new Prince of
immortal fame. The Isle of Elba takes its place in
.the rank of nations; and the minuteness of Us terri-
•tory becomes ennobled by !We name of its Ruler.—
Eletsted to an honour so sublime, it receives into its
bosorn the anointed of the Lord, and those other dis-
tinguished personages
.who accompany him. When
his imperial and Royal M,jesty selected this Isle for
his retreat, he announced. to, the world ,with what
predilection he loved it. Opulence will inundate
this country, and multitudes will flock from other
parts to our territory to behold a hero. The first
day'he set foot upon our shore, he pronounced our
destiny and our felicity, 64 I WM be a good father,"
saki he, '' be you good children." •
Beloved Catholics, what words of tenderness!
what erpressions of benevolence ! what hopes may
we not cherish of our future felicity? Let these
• words then furtn.,the delight of your thoughts, and
be impressed oh your souls with transports of conso.
lation; let fathers rehearse them to their children,
and let the memory of the words which secureglory
- • 'Sid prosperity tethe isle of Eon, be perpetual from
*aeration to generation.
• Fortunate citizens of Porto.Ferrajo within your
;Cwalls the sacred person of his Imperial and' Royal
' Majesty is to dwell. Mild in character at all times,
constant in affection to your Prince, Napoleon the
Great resides wi!liou; never belie the favourable
idea which heformetl4:of you.
Beloved• faithful in Jesus Christ, act in correspon-
dente to your fate—Non sint 'schismata inter vos :
idea supite, pawns kabele, et Deus pacis el dilectionit
trig aobiseusa. Let fidelity, gratitude, submission,
reign in your bearts. Let all of you unite in I res-
pectful sentiment of internal affection for your Prince,
Father ratter than Sovereign ; and exult with sacred
joy in the goodness of the Lord, who, from the ages
of eternity, had destined for you this happy event.
With this view we order that neat Sunday, in all
the churches, a solemn Te Deus,: be sung, in thanks.
giving to the Almighty forthe precious gift which, in
the abundance of his mercy, he has conferred upon
• vs.
Given from the Ecclesiastical Court of Elba, this
. Bth of May, 1814.
(Siighed)(llUKEPNlti FILIPPO
FRANCESCO ANG1.01,1171. S.•cretary.

" Ranhlegion, April'', in the Evnink.
" I snit an wren to New York with thisletti4-
thatit say be in season to go by the Chasm* •
it• Th. House of Represented'ss have this day,
by a very great majority, passed a Bill repealing the
Embargo and Non-Importation Laws, which Bill
will phs the Senate in a dly or two, by a unanimous
vote, or nearly so. The free importation ST British
manufactured goods will, after this week, be allowed
into all the ports of the United States, in neutral
ships, on account of persons residing iu neutral
countries.

66 ID the course of a few weeks I expect that w.
shall have an armistice, as this Government received
a dispatch the day before yesterday from Sir Geo.
PREVOST, dated in Canada, the 22d of March, pro-
posing DV armistice, and offering to appoint a Com-
missioner to meet nne from this place to negoclate the
terms ; this Government believing, from the tenour
of the dispatch, that the proposition was made with
an hottest desire to effect the object proposed, with a
view to peace, determined yesterday, in a Cabinet
Council, to open a negotiation with SirGsoactE, pro.'
vided he was authorised to conclude an armistice by
sea as well as by land. They this day dispatched a
Messenger enquiring on this point, and as Sir GIOROII
propo(ed it without saying a word about sea or land,
it is to be presumed that he has full authority, in,
which case we shall have an armistice In a veryshott
time, and which, I hope and believe, will for ever
put an end to war between Great Britain and the
1 U awl Sta les ."
-lei
In this wish, what man poer&sinlikattilt
ifeelings of humanity or patriotism, can Wale to johr?
[ What shall be thought of those who strive to urge our.
1 Government to the madness of openly interfering
with the state of political parties in America ?
" MADISON, and his adherents, have been the
friends of France, and the enemies of England.; let
es, therefore, make no peace with America till that
faction is pot dawn; let us serve it as we have served
the Government of no.staeanit7persevere till it
is destroyed." This is the language of a party
which pays unceasing oblations to the furies that
preside over human slaughter. Their thirst of blood
would be monstrous and unnatural if it were merely
1 .
tne taste for carnage,—it becomes more loathsome
and contemptible when we view it in alliance with,
and springing, indeed, out of the sordid love of
money. The party whose interest is war, and if
not the most numerous, the most active and efficient 1
members of it are many speculators in the political
press, is deeply injured by the pacification of the
European Continent, and apprehends its total rule
from the approach of universal peace. 64 Half a
loaf," say they% " is better than no bread."—
And by parity of reasoning, a war,—even a petty
war with the United States is better than none.—
It is false, however, to say, that in any peculiar way
JAMES MADISON has been the enemy of England, and
the friend of France. He was at the head of a party
in a free Government, and his party prevailed, the
whole American people is, *therefore, identified with
him. He could ewer have pursued his .policy to
action, he could not have retained his authority
unless his policy had been adopted by the nation,
and his authority agreeable to It. :What anatogy,,
therefore, can be discovered between the caul, at
France and America ? France was under a aft..
' Mary despotism, America enjoys a free Gortra.l
meat. The interests, the policy, . the couiduci,
the punishment or reward, of the Gortirentent
r,
and people might in one case be separated trim'
each other, in the other they never ean." if OM
-has been incurred, it has been the guilt of . dial
'American People. If justice demands the greekit
,severity of retribution, it is against them that she
,demands it. To invest JAMES MADISON, or his,
party, with any personal or separate responsibility for
the conduct of America towards England, is as ab-
surd as the motives from which this is attempted
detestable. Shall we then exterminate dr *Mg.
American people'—Shall we re-colosite Metric%
and make her inhabitants our elaves,?--Pressupp.
tnous and feeble ignorance, that ihas drags ..
possibilities into dismission ! The tide of national
prejudice, we - firmly belie*. -la Antrim,

Arr. Itfaflt,Due
1
0 • Malta •
Got tenhurgie

PRICK OE 4TOCKS Tlllti
Bank 964#i
S per Cast. Red. 66114
9 per C eut C64n, fiat
6 per Cm'. 82111
A per Cat. linvs 97ii
Lestg. Ann. 16 3 14

IIA V AT ONE O'CLOCK.
latlia Stock
India Bomb 9 8 p
fiteltequer Willa 1 3 p
Omnium 21
Pay (Etta
Consols for Ace. 6711

THE STA TESMA N.

LONDON:

TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1814.

At the moment when our Paper was going to press
yesterday, we received a letter Which had been sent
express from Washington to New-York, in order to
be in time for the sailing of the Chauncey American
vessel, bearing a flag of truce. This letter inclosed
the recent Message of the PRESIDENT to Congress,
.recommending the repeal of the Embargo and. Non-
.lmportation Acts, together with the Abstract of the
Act for those purposes, which passed the House of
'Representatives by a large majority, and which it was
.cenfidently expected the Senate would receive with-
out opposition. These important Documents we pub-
lished Exclusively. The PRESIDENT recommended
also the continuance for two years, instead of one,
after a peace with this country, of certain addi-
tional duties on importation, and that the pro-
Lihition to export specie should be prolonged
for the mine period. And it will be remark-
ed with satisfaction) that although the Roue

~,,

opposed to Eng. . NAVAL INTE L L su, ..... _
lof such a •Preja- - - ...,.......-6
bola, MAY Os -keidaio in tee Dawn. bit Majesty+,
dicey _ contemporary events furnish the I
Impregaable, bb Royal Higheesstbe Duke df Clarence
moat natural causes of ifs production. It is not the 1
14 Cbaddan,-Jason, Nymphet-COIN% Callasts, Rinoldoe
eaplolts of NavoLzon that have dazzled—nor the it ri"li -
sod Calliope; nod a leer of ' transports. bound for H011an01...-
intrigues of MADtsof which have misled the people I Arrived thelimose frigate, from the Westward, and Palled -
of America ;-'it is thefecollection-of former slavery the Thames.-Caste down from the River the Henry, tlardeert
and of acquired' independents--the jest distribution 1 fur America; end the Elizabeth rad. Aim, Dobson, fee
of national gratitude between those who held their ! las : V•ey have salted for Portsmouth.
chains and those who assisted to knock them off— i • PORTSOOUTit, MA, VS.-Sailed his afajmy's ships
that sufficiently accountliaeg„the prejudice of the ' castle and Erebus,. for Quebec.-''Meat out of Hailosto '
American people against.' featitted. But shall we, lie"?' olio LeYdeo.-P. 8. Rolled the illodoeuto bii
.. . .
' therefore, go on •to ' stresigthee prejudice and .1 for the River.
Fu.iforre, else Z.-Arrived his Majcbt)'s shi
to inflame animosity ?--Shall we dictate to i
Captain Delleurd, free a -crekestiailrd the Lady .
the Americans to which of their political D
• °T. 1. pee ket, wow a Mail, for Sultrdeette,
ties they shall accord the ascendency ?-----For i,aa. :,.,
.. tan, MAY 23.-Areived t Menry kreelimg
a short season, perhaps, we may be enabled with ait sixt pAgerwere, frees •finttetsburgh.-Sails.
to do this. We may force them to smother . Alliance packet, with a Mail ami-resssager, for Holland.
their dislike to us ; but by force we never shall ex- , - --4 -.,„
nd tinguish it. A let us not forget, that in the changes ! The 41orand'or' Lord Kiith ' and Rom Ea
Idi men' from Portsmouth; arrived it Madeira ,
and chances of this mortal lifel.the period may again
26th of Aril ; the, left the Iteett bound to
arrive when France will be formidable to us, and the day before, preeeeding on .their voyage
when the popular temper of America may be a mat. convoy,
ter of importance. Our conduct on the present oc- : -•;"Th-
mien wind probably determine the national partiality !
of America for a hundred years to come. If we)
.trial her with severity, she must for the moment
Istood, but she will, in all probability, find eclat. II
iloss to let us know, than her sincere and perm;
misient friendship would have been better tort:
ish,thon her constrained and transient humiliation.—i
We cannot have America for our subject ; it would
•be a fatal acquisition, if it were possible for us.ta'
leak* it. She may, however, be our friend. From,
*popular nature of bei Government, which may
be expected to have a long • existence; temper, pre-
-Place, erection, influence her foreign relations, quite
as duck as policy. ' Whether those popular feelings
shall be in our favour, or whether they shall conti-
nue to operate against us with augmented force, our
conduct at the present interesting period will deter-
mine.

#l/40 RITY
UPON TOE 4VEsTION Oat TOE CORN ZEPORTAikOt
, i * &tab a. moan Testis
..., .
- , • • Mr* l Noes 27.
8k MON tilinsv walO
Protheroe ir Poem'
t2ttli.,
Northey,
Lnrd Handled
Stevens .- While •
Dais
14 ivltierrsree • t Ziged
Dabbington *matt.
Majoribtaks Alderson:4lW
P. Moore AIdeNIMI 1.

UAW
lbw larevte
0. laragtos
0. Rose
Harvey
*wader
$. Scott

Allan
Feller
C. Ware

- -afloat of a.lettitrfelated CalCutta, be* I
Yesterday Capt. BARCLAY, of the ship
attired hue with dispatches from Canton, .
lift the 28th of .October. AU the Compaa
had safely arrived in Chins. The non.a,
Americans there (in consequence of the war)
casioned a temporary scarcity of cash. Sir
MOIRA'S arrival here, the ceremonies at
vernment-house have been entirely revivet.
WILLIAM RUMBOLD has been appointed Char
lain of the Establishment : the Countess hac
three pages, and the Earl no less than eight
de-Camp. These demonstrations of royal 1
duce the good folks of Cal.:utta to beliert
soon as the charter shall be settled, his !Atli;
open a commission, constituting his authori
to that of a Viceroy."
It is said that Skr W. P. Cat.t., Dart.
noonced ids intentiqn to reduce his rent
tenants in Cornwall,i in proportion to the d
the prices of farm produce ; and on the sat
ciple the wages of his numerous workmen w
Auced to the fair and'equitable ratio of 01
provisions. .
The second reading of the all in the
h Lords for establishing the Pantheon as
Theatre,_ was postponed, on ,the suggestion
Lotto CHANCELLOR, to wound a Memorial
Patna REGENT for a Patent; which has been
bit:- Mi. Conn! through Lord, &bus orig. -
,34 continuance of the Sisterly wind so
this time,' and so unusual-if this advanced,
has Tiled lho hathen-ref -Harwich with .lei jr
sets of every description. The Queen of
Deno passed that port on Friday, iu die
frigate, Captain Pecuet.r.„ for the Nore,.
haps Greenwich. , •
Great quantities of bacon and West pha k
have been sold in Harwich, at reduced prices,
the last week. The former at 9d. per lb,
latter at 10d. and lid.
Bread is ordered to continue the same
week.
Meetings have been held, or in progress,
principal towns of. Great Britain, on the
the proposed alteration in the Corn Laws, ,
tions are pouring in from every part of the
whist it. A Meeting on the subject -wa.
.!Liverpool on Saturday. Several Members
expressed the necessity of full time and enquir,
a subject of such great importance, a final
Ilion will not-probably take place in the present
1 asoll.
L The Duchess of OLDEBBUROM returned
Sunday night from Brighton.
The Duke of CAMBRIDGE, it is reported, is to be
° waited to the sister of the late Queen of PRUSSIA.
A Gentleman observed to a Lady, that since a re-
cent illness, a mutual friend of theirs spoke very
I.much like a puppy. " Likely enough," replied tha
Lady ; " for I hear that, by order of the Doctor, he
has lately taken to bark."
RecoaDita's REPota.—Yesterday the Recorder
made his Report of the following 'capital convicts
under sentence of death in Newgate, viz.: '
Joseph Mirfleld and William Featherstone, for highway' rob.
bery ; William Robert Clements, John Becket Clements, Eliza-
beth EMI, James Wtitentan, Thomas Godwin, Michael
Ward, and Margaret Bryan, for Stealing is dwelling-howl;
-Mary Williams and Elise Williams. for uttering counterfeit'
money; Robert Johnson, foe horse-ste4ing ; William Henry
Botterill,' for forgery; James Smith, for like offence; Eliza-
belt Gibbs. for housebreaking; Williams Smith. Joseph Ban-
nister, William Huggins, Bod.llames Stack, for burglary; and
.Robert Howard, for returning from traasportation. When
Wilihni Henry Betterill was ordered for execution ett Mewl,
day next. The otters two respited during pleasure.
, .
Maausoaotroninrirr.— -- Sturges was
charged with in4itg * Scotland in fear, and
taking from his perse : k ntity of silver. It ap.
inktisa
peared,hy the state •the Prosecutor, that he
was walking along Lisile,storet,' a few evenings since,
when he was surroanded,*.-the Prisoner, another,
man, and two wow+, and Thet,Asee charged hie
Alitt
with violence towards one of'. ' , omen whom he .
had never seen before. The P stated himself 7
to be an officer of jutice, and *issuing him id
terror, obtained of Rim half-a-crnits,, The other
man swore that was note compensation-Pi:4'4e. Pro.
eecutoris misconduct, and Mt. Scotland gaah-, ~ elt
the silver he had; fdr protection. The P ' .
fully committed for 011117
The Ticket No. 6532, a Prize' of 215,000, in top
last. Lottery, was sold-at Sw;rr and Co.'s Fortunate
OiSoee •No. 11, Poultry.; 'l2,',Charing;cross • sad
31, Aldgate High-street, wbererlickets and ibis,'
of the New Lottery, to be drawn on the "
Birth.day, are now en sale in great variety.

Tisk third rending of the Corn Bill, for a free ex-
portition, passed the House last night by a great
majority ; and notwithstanding the numerous Peti-I
tions which have been presented from the large cup.'
mercial tonne against the new system, it,is vpro bailie
it will be carried into a law. The advocates of the
measure appear to be extremely anxious to hurry the
business through the House of Commons, lest their
object should be impeded or ..frustrated altogether.
The arguments employed by the partizans of the
measure, are certainly ingenious, and many of them
have some weight, but they do natcarry conviction ;
and h would be more.ceadli ta:edmit the fact, that
the conflicting intereili. S the landed and commer-
cial 'tidies &rest staite,,aoci that the latter must be
sacrificed, if the formeei*, supported—this is the
plain steals( the cases st,d.the country, those ma.
lilltaeteible iridium .isuesits state I,o9llApiatifflif:l
silli Mon .be. conviecia of. it. :4milewriters, who'
ire in fare4ir of the' Coen' Mil • have drawn eat
Ia Ivry plausible case for the benefit of their clients,
by indeatoisring to *show the the landlord who re.
ceives double or treble rent ~:has no interest in the
9
l*seslter, as the whole of it is consumed in the necessary
1 outgoing, of his family. Now it frequently hap-
pens with a person of great landed property, as
well as one who, has money hi the ,Funds, that
•be has not a family to maintain, and con.
Fsequently the enc:rease of his .income is either
: saved or expended in II superfluous manner ; hut,
. admitting that he has I large faa!ily, and an este-
btisisment in proportion, he is not likely to cont.
! flume the whole of his ilicomeadmitting, howevei,
for the sake of argument, that he did so, is there any
reason to be assigeed.why a gentleman of landed pro-
perty should not submit to some privations, in common
with the rest of his fellow.creitures, who are obliged
to put up with the greatest privations, and instead of
luxuries, are not only in want of the comforts, but
tile common necessaries of life.

The Seventb Anniversary Dinner, to celebrate the
return of Sir FRANC! i Bunnerr for the City of
Weetminster, and the Purity of Election, took place
yesterdpy, at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, when
the worthy Baronet took the Chair. The company
was both numerous and respectable, as will be seen
by reference to the account given in another part of
our Paper.

Extract of a lettot 114 a Field-Ogees, at Ant-
Werp; dated May 19•:=--", Lord Luz Daces lead-
quarters are now at Brusiels, and instead of cetera-
;Ng to England we are taught to expect dore'Britigh
14soops. The fleet takes its departure for France'on
the pit of June, when this place will be entirely
evecestied. Disturbances occur 'daily between our
'men and the French, and the new arrangements can-
' not be carried toe iSromptly into execatien."
Yesterday the revirez aware held a Court at
Carlton-house, which was attended by the Austrian
Ambassador, and most of the tabinet Ministers ;
'the Dukes of Goanow, ATnot, and Bucci.evon,
the Earls of Morrow and PottLwri, Visc. Bain-
tort, age.
The Paine afterwards held a Chapter of the
Order of the Thistle, at which the Earl of Aura..
OAVSNWr was introduced,/ and" invested with the

•
• ~.... . .
grA ; lir yes
1 taosi trongty in favour of France, as
of the land. We believe in the existence
ice ep. dice, bemuse contemporary eve

• •
1111.1100.
•
ity4s Ships , •
*; Mien-
Rimld%
•
Palled for
•
flartleeri -
for fish-
lips ?tetra
r his Ma&
Ante-ship.
hip Semite
Mabel*
me Pickett I I
I
Sailed the
I
East Ina
ra on the
Ching
g mkt'
v
$1114110!
•
• f. •
lit ISt&
p• Ladiaus,.
-Which he
riy4s ships
',rind of
) had oti.
ince Lad ..It.
the Go.
iced. 4111
Chainler t
kg MO 1)!
ght Aids.
state hi-
ve that so
(lship
•
rity equal
has an-
Its to his
decline in • • •
ame
prin-
Kill he re• ;
ie price of = 4„,
Douse
a reisuiar
on• of the
to.the
beet; &ohs 4
!
steel* at
edsiasba,
iding•tea-, • Pit
Wing**
e Unicorn
, and per.
Italia hams
:es) within
b. and the :
me Its last
:it all the
subject of
, and Peti.
°
he country
was held it
lens having.
enquiry oft
determine.. •
resent Se.-
to town on
is to be
IRUISIA•
t since a re-

1 Kiaj'a ,
, ......
,diAl
... :...
