THE STATESMAN.

The Ministerial Journals ger on daily to outdo
themselves (and that is more than out-heroding Herod)
In ABSURDITY. They affect to ascribe the public
hatred which pursues the preceedings against the
QI:REN, to the artifice; of the Revolutionists. It is
the artifice of the great majority of the nation, if then
be artifice in it. It is the artifice of the Arietoerom
of these Realms—of the Wealth; in Commerce-6-4f
the Middle tleacz—and of all route, end goodness,
end greatness, among Me Popxlare. Independent of
the Hirelings of a Court, and of the Dependents Ida
Court, it is the artifice of every honest man in the
country.
One of the Ministerial scribes says—"• The Ides it
March are enure : are, and what is better, gone to !"
Lad another of these Hirelings exclaims—" The trait
Serous factions, who bad flattered themselves with the
hopes of I lion on this important occasion, have
been completely disappointed." We ask the bulk of
seen of property, of good sense, and of independebet
of mind and character, throughout the whole country.
to.say—on which side is the artifice here ? Did they
hope for Insurrection ? Did they contemplate Inuit
when, when they luthrodted the PROCEEDINGS agalaill
4he QUERN ? Did they employ other weave dim
honest, and open, and indignant remonstrance against
the new dangers which surround the Throne, con-
trived by the self-canoed FRIRNos of the Tenotes ?
What artifice was there in THIS, except It be artifice In
the COURTIER'S DICTIONARY, openly to speak what is
on the heart of an open, generous, and honest public ?
Why s'auuld the country be mocked with insults by
the pretended Friends of the Throne ? Among the
first Ministers of the late IlitNe: were ENEMIES TO
HIS RACE; and have they propagated their kind, to
, surround the Throne of treonor IV. ? If so, the pre-
traded Fri, ads of the Throat. are Enemies to Me
How of Beuxsw ice. The nation is not to be inti-
midated by the Yem.s of the old .Theolaites, turned
Hanoverian. is ACIIkt ; nor to be seduced from its
genuine and true loyalty, by their artifices. The
nation is es wise as they err ; although it will never
pretend to be half' so cunning.
What happened on Thursday, on the first day of
this portentous trial ? The sey:aereticJ friends of the
Throne were full of artifice. You could not go into
I any street of the tnetrop Elie, you could not look into
any avenue, or quarter found it, without seeing the
produce of their artifice, in dreadful note and prepare.,
tion of war. But you saw the erring every t. hem
tranquil—reposieg on the justice of their raise, and
praying Heaven to visit with vengeance the real chi.
Eaters of justice in this question. One of the Minim
terial Prints, in pursuance of their general system of
artifice, asserts that the people base found out flat
they have nothing to do with the question. Tit*.
Irue esoet.e, baring every thing to do with it. 4
state of freedom never was converted into a con di,
tion of slavery, hut by degrees, and by artifices.
a matey, therefore, which is falling from the
happy, kite the Ismer weetehilll
of the march of their tyrants Is of imports's., teAthe
people, although it may have no apparent concert tilt!,
the great question of their rights. But to say. that
the people have found oat that they hare nothing to
do with this question, when the streets and house-tops,
and all spaces are crowded with cheering altitudes
wherever her Majesty appears, requires a harder name
than impudence to express it.
The people hope the Lords will see their Own true
interests in this unhappy Bill before them. lint if it
should prove otherwise, they still turn their eyes will
confidence on the House of Commons. They koesit
that in that assembly there are numbers, who, is a,
question which touches the vital interests of the cow
munity, would not follow the advice, nor obey the
dictates of Conerextox, and who will say to Minis-
ters—We will follow you no further. They haw
there are Members of that House who are men of supe-
rior minds, superior knowledge and inßnenee, and who
will not sacrifice the inheritance of their posterity let
a place or pension. These, they know, are not es
poor in calculation, so little versed in the &amnion
Rule of ?Arm as to barter their share in the Coati-
tution for a few er many pounds now. Three, they
believe, will not jell their Children.' birth-right for
mere of pottage. And they know also, and
if thesetira a m airs of their rights, the people's rights,
should be so unwise, they (Tarr. reoete) need net rot*
t e bargain. The people never were more seethe.
never more tranquil. The Ministerial ecribes were.
therefore, oat of their count and reckoning, when they
expected the people the other day to be fretful—or
rather, they lied when they said they had say such
suspicion. They deceived not themselves, for
they are better informed, but they deceived their readers
when they held up an alarm of a petty is-
surrection, for they know the people hate no need
to resort to such aboetive means in seeking after
their safety. flak Ron, the people have tenpler
sad better means, and are not In that Oils Si
i,nbeeile irritation, which the thasunes Woad
make us believe they suspect. Such a thing Mop
do not suspect. They know the people's means t and
Mite. as they do, from sheer despair, or perhaps:l
holemee they must obey t:ieir leaders—the Mind
tisig fie Ilad—apd we all know, where that out Old
The Queen some time since received an Address
from the privates of the Leicester Militia, to which hie,
Majesty has retursed,the following most gracious, ea-
" I receive with great satisfaction this kind Ahem
from the soldiers of the Leicester militia, who. la ea&
doling with me on my melancholy leases—in sepepathi►
ing with me is my sufferings—in praying for my safety
sad happiness, and in condemning the advisers of the
cruelties filleted upon use, give the best and mist strik-
ing proof of their fidelity to their King. who can ken
no
real interest, no true glory, in which his Qom does
& participate.
"My name. given as it is, as mark of honour to
many of the regiments of his
bodies of
army. the masa
et hoe lam Majesty to address of this army
weld teach me. if my own !wart did not, =at' past
of hie Majesty's subjects
their oad
from my rateet<ost my
st To the emeardly '
and geassealty
.are
Ake world proclaims
soldiers, It shall be for
sympathy and affstoisa."i.

4;;;;),eber; •TuieladotWieerOi made by ti
• throne ere Dever ot be eselodol isseusis.
By tom sad grotitude. in support •
only it brim. te he mei • IWO( 11l
ineeperaltie asseeistre
the matchless Mese litiriekleit thogest" I
lee me to preslals timilr opires• C.lN'titiatioad
at." i• ,-414.4 Ai 1
