Litiir/44 die*is tie Seeffild !"

.:,•' + .. , •. • ' . / w
'Meld! Wis.* In and read, antwis astf;o lo
58 follows:
No.
" No. 4,601. . 1001. •
, "Tiro months Utter date' piMrito"fewiorrer tie PIM of
one hundred pounds. " J. A. Se ANDERSON.
" Messrs. Thomas Colitis and Ca?
Aernsi it, lb red ink. wan written, •.• Accepted for Messrs.
Thomas Coates and Co.—A. Dicker..
Co.lit;11)1141,11dD. o""sbodr:n—e," for A.
its•Mtkesborne,°l°S, Charles-square,
W. Forbes sad
Houton." • 1 I.
- - - -

The prostration being the prisoner in Lis de,
fusee said, in an nnemblirmeted manner, and in a tient
tone of voice. that his father was in linsisess some years
ago, and having failed, was desirous of not being known
by his old acquaintances. he assumed the nen* of '0•-•
borne. With respect to, the bill, he had received it frets
his father, and had been desired by him to.gto it die.
counted at the tfioneeeter Bank, and that he had sent his
father the money,.by letter, which he had so received
from the prosecutors. He then said that the Mot street
officer, who had apprehended him, had indnembhiso to
make a confession, and in coneequence of such iminno
meat be had mentioned that .he bad filled up the body
oldie bill.
Mr. Lee gale him an excellent character for sobriety
and honesty, daring ail the time hr had known bin.
The Court inqained for the officer, whom the prisoner
bad accused of persuading him to confess in the manner
related. An answer was rearmed that be an not called
ILO a witnese‘ and that be was in London.

Mr. Justice BEST told the. Jury the prisoner was ac• 1
cased of a double charge, either of which was a capital
offence. The several counts only varied the charge.—
He was accused of forging the instrument in piestion.
It he assisted in training it at all, his Lirdsitip said, that
would be a forgery in the eye of the law. If a person sat
by and saw another draw up an iostrinnent by which
par ties were defrauded, and if such individual concurred
tn the act, teat was a forgery. According to the evi-
dence of the first witness, the prisoner had undoubtedly
assisted in framing this bill, by which lie had defrauded
the prosecutors of a considerable sum of money. If that
testimony was to be credited, certainly he was guilty of
the forgery. The next chatge was tittering the bill with
an intent to defraud, knowing it to be forged, of this,
there was but too touch reason to fear he knew it to be.

the fact. The bill had bees clearly proved to be put off,
mid that the prosecutors had bees defrauded ; and unless
the Jury were imbibed be bad been duped by Isis father,
it would be their painful duty to find him guilty. His
Lordship then reed throng:l the evidence, and left the
case in their hinds.

After a few minutes' consultation, the Foreman, with
tears trickling down his cheeks, delivered the followiniC
verdict—Not Guilty of the forgery, hot Guilty of utter-
ing the bill knowing it to be forgid. He then begged tio
say, in the name, of the Jury, he hoped the Learned
Judge would show mercy upon the nnfortnnate young
man, they believing lie had been influenced by his father
to commit the crime.
Mr. Justice Parr.l am obliged to you, gentlemen,
rot yekir terler, Yecomumendatioa.
6fr. fitro‘faw..—My Lord, I am requested to urge the
game p ea foe tit prosecutors as the Jury have humanely
dune. •

Mr. R. Morris then addressed the Court, begging hie
lordship would extend his mercy towards the unhappy
young man, lie believing him itithienced by his father,
whom he considered to he a very had man. A prosecu-
tion hail been brought against him for forvry, upon
which, however, he had just been acquitted at Lances-
t-r. There were hopes vet left, which led the Applicata
to believe he might be ultimately brought to justice. He
had sifcceeded, in several instances, of defrauding per-
sons of sums of money by means of forged bills.
The prisoner was called up for...judgment, lie knelt
down, but did not offer a word in Justification of him-
self.
Mr. Justice lissy, in the most solemn manner, with
a subdued tone of voice, evidently proceeding from deep
emotion, addressed the prisoner in the following terms :
—Dsniel Pennington, you are a young man, only 21 years
of age, standing to receive judgment of death, being con-
victed of uttering a forged note, by which the prosecutors
hail lost a considerable sum of money on advancing it
to you. In a commercial country like this, it was highly
important to have crimes committed against its interests
punished ; and unless Judge found any strong reason
to recommend the unhappy violator of his laws to the
Sovereign, it was mug to leave them to their fate.—
Your humane prosecutor, notwithstanding what he has
suffered—and the Jnry who have suffered still more
—hare recommended you to mercy. I shall undoubt-
edly forward these recommendations to his Majesty,
whose paternal heart is always awake to the lives of his
subjects, being ever delighted when an opportunity pry-
sents itself by which a single life cau be spared. If mercy
should be extended, it was fit that those grounds should
be mentioned upon which it would be obtained. The Jury
and the prosecutors believe that you have been led to the
commission of this crime by your wicked father; who
forgetting the first duties of nature, has led you into those
paths which you have trodden, and tempted you to
do that which you otherwise would not have dune. If
mercy should be shown yon, let it not tempt others to be
so persuaded, fur they may depend upon it, should this
crime be repeated in similar circumstances to yours, they
will undoubtedly suffer the last dreadful sentence of the
law. No person ought to yield obedience to others, by
which he may be led to the commission of the crime.
And however proper it was to follow the advice of parents,
yet, if commands were given leading to infamy and dis-
grace, such commands should not be assented to. If
mercy be extended to you, it will be only on the condition
that you spend the remainder of your life in a distant
land—in a state of slavery—far from your native country
and its liberties. When in that distant clime, let me en-
treat you to endeavour to make reparation for your of-
fences by a virtuous life. His Lordship then passed upon
him the usual sentence, which, he said, he hoped would
be suspended.
During this address, many persons in Court wept, and
several ladies sobbed aloud.
[lt is asserted that the unhappy young man's accurias
lion against Bishop, the officer, is totally without foga-
dati .n. The only palliative for bringing such a charge
is, the considgesti. of the extreni. ly dangerous situ-
ation in which the prisoner was Vowed ; he, like a drown-
ing man eatehing at a straw, sized any object that pre-
stilted itself.]

LANODOCIIN WARD.—The election for Alderman closed
yesterday, when !sir F. D ranges having e irly in the day
declined farther contest, sir. Key was declare I duly
elected. The numbers were, for Mr. Key, 136; Sir r•
Desanges, ti 9; majority, 47.
ENE.meLARY HON err v.—We bietelay afternoon, a
ticket•portrr. of the name Ii plying at the South-
east corner of the Royal Exchange, picked op a parcel of
Bills and Notes, to the amount of lOW., whirl', upon
making due enquiries, he found were the property of Mr.
Alderson, Suffolk-lane, where he instantly took them, and
, was rewarded with the sum of 20 guiutas.

~6dN~;8. '

IMPERIAL MRII.I • • •
HOUSE or sp.i •
• • 2
LOS 41POIDI wed a' polities :front the,ialtabit-
eats of liilkenny, In Ireland, praying' or a. cqpieutalion of
tithes. His Lordship said that us ;his sutiketb.94.peen. le-
'n up by is hlejesty's Govoyllgnept, hoplikt occonci•iso
it necessary to:intik" any obtalr6ndhstiloin.l.CdOilt calve
regglarlY bhhire their Lordsbkie. . •
Lord ROLLE:presented a petitidabV 14PihfrEf.n; ha
Devonshire, agelatt the Insolvent Ds Ati:4llts Lord-
ship presented another petition trim Exeterr, eke.hist tno
Duty on Coals'.
The Bishop of CHESTRikpreseitted.s.elitippoftdm the
traders and manufacturers of Bolton,:inlguieighlY.eigigpipst
the Insolvent Debtors' Amt.—Adjourned.
4H OCSE OF psi •
C—de-0
Tait
A ME MILER. whose namiwgs ski*, 101/019404,
petition from file inhabitants Of isaKtoitillilltileg 9P
agricultural distresi.—Ordered to *laird.
Sir JOIIN.,STEWART presented **Peen* frmn.kettein
Inhabitants of the town of itallinistog, likalgtet
Cisial—Orkted to he printed.
Mr.. .11r.iliAS pe'itsented a Petition Ornialite tord,Prt,-
*oat ah ToOn Council of Edinburgb:: 11117ez on
~gkls carne hoistwise.—Ordeted to 4e printed. • •
• Mr. 8111, Presented a petition ftorn the Rietor,•Chure!.-
wardens,
,end Overseers of the Poor of the Parlin of White-
Chapel, against the Coal Duties 'and another 'front the sank,
quarter, egnitist the Insolvent Deb:ors' Act.—Both ordere
to be ! date
•
Sir IL SAW presented a petition from the Cottonotpi •-
nera and Manufacturers of Cotton In Dublin, egailist any al.
terstion in the Union Duties.—Ordered to he printed.
Mr. LYTTLETON presented a petition from the Me-•!
chants lad Traders of the Baronet' of Wolsam, in Stafford-
shire, against the Insolvent Debtors" Act ;'and another front
an incividual named John Smith, complaining of the ahus,•4
of the Insolvent Debtors' Court.—Both ordered to be
printed.
Mr. Alderman WOOD asked the .F.teerefitythe triaad-
ry whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer 1 h t7h led tiOrd.•
coed with the Beer Hill to-day. wonli be expedient
defer it, as many persons in distankliartaof the kit:tit/41Pa
not yet an opportunity of reading it. - •• ' -
Mr. lIERRIES said the Chantellor of the Ex3X4fittir
had no intention to proceed with It 10-dey, nor did be Id-
tend to urge it till every body had an opportunity 0r0:64-
daring it. . .
The order of the day for bringing op the report tee
Be:r Bill was then read, and ordened:tolietaken toto:fkinier
consideration on Wednesday next,
Colonel WOOD presented a Petition from the.hdhiliiiants
and Tradesmen of Staines, in Middiesex. egainst.thi'Lltiar-
vent Debtors' :diet —Ordered to be printed. • • •
Mt. S. RICE presented a petition from tie Ilottsehkdiets
of the parish of St Werburgh. Oubtin against tharbMijai•
stion of frublin.—Ordered to be piloted,
Mr. WESTERN moved fora Return of each .Exelat.
ai-
ticle, and the amount of Duty upon each- for FM erg )IH-21. •
—Agr.ed te.
Mr. GOULBURN presented a petition from the • petsins
concerned in the Glass Trade in fielfast,-Dnlilin. Cork, an I
Waterford, against the Repeal of the Uniou Dittigs-ijrdet•
ed to be printed. •
csysetld
Lord "Wrrilti *said that, tering the RightlLig. (len.
demon, the Attorney-General Tit Ireland, inihiplire,
be wished to ask him it it wa9 Ilia intention to beaeg'f..r-
ward his motion relative to the Catholic C'aingt on: the
17th instant? Its former postponement earned consi-
derable in:onvenience teseveral tientlenen, and as sonic
still entirtadoed doubts whether it would be brohgl:::.0•1
on the 17th, it would be satisfactory to know the Ri,*oht.
Hon. Uentleman's intention. • • . •

pLuNNErr said that be had no hesitation in
giving tie Noble Lord s direct answer to his qdestion.
the postponement of the question on the last occasion
via', be was quite sensible, of srrions incolvecience rp
many Gentlemen: but it arose out of eirenmitunees over
waich he bad no power or controul. On the present oc-
casion be had no hesitation in assuring. the Noble 1, nil
that it was his firm intention to bring forward the Cc,tho-
lic Qeesion on the 17th.

The Order of the Day for goinr into a Committm. on
the Naval and Military Pension. Bill, was reaJ, f.r the
purpose of postponing it till to-morrow, •
The Committee on the Revenue Dt•partments'
Consoii-
dated Bill w•as postponed to Friday, the 18111. -
The Union Duties' Bill w•as read a second time.

FOREICN AFFAIRS.
Colonel DAVIES, seeing the Right Hon. Gentleman.
the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, in his plane, was ant-
ions to know if he rightly nntlerstood the Right Hon.
Gentleman on a former evening, when lie understood bias
to say that, when he would lay the documents relative to
our negociations with France on the table nn Monday. it
was his intention to enter bee a view of the general pd-
licy of the country. This he was antdona to know. be-
cause, if, the Right Hon. Gentleman confined Itim4elf
merely to statements formed cn the documents, abith,
being laid on the table only on the day of diseoutinn, 113
Honourable Gentleman at his side of the Howie neat
have an opportunity of reading, such statement must nit,
cessarily go abroad uncontradt-cted.
Mr. CANNING said that the Honourable Gentleman
understood him rightly. On Monday next, when: bit
sb mild receive his Majesty's commands to lay the docu-
ments on the table, it was his intention to ewer ilrw:t
general statemeotof the policy of the country. Tho Ho.
nonrable Gentleman must see that the preeent was anyaL
traordinary case. It was not usual to lay docum-nts out
the table without calling upon the House to found some
proceeding upon them, but still it was proper to mention
that, on the present occasion, when he should lay the
dutturnenti on the table, it was not his intention to call
upon the House to follow them up with any proceeding.
because the circumstances which distinguished the pre,
sent case were of quite a different cla-at ter fio:n these
which preceded them. On former occasions, when any
proceeding was called for, it was the result 41nm:fa-
, tions which termiated in war, and then the Government
had an opportunity of stating to Parliament the courtier
of policy which it had pursued in a declaration Coin the
Crown ; but, the present circumstances b-ing qtiite dif-
ferent—aur nrgociations having terminated in the cont.-
nuance of peace—he meant to pursue a course which.
wh:le it would supply the weevilly of such a declaration,
would not prejudice the vestien farther than such a dr-
claration would prejudice it. le what he should std. off
that mu anion, it was his intention to tell an unvarnished
tale, without anticipating any contested point, or calling
for any preen iture appronation ; and every Member aftev
such statement, avid I be as much at liberty to protect
against the fidelity of the documents, if on revisinz them
they sh o Id appear to him of that character, as if no adell
statement had been made.

FIRST FRUITS OF incLivo.
Sir JOHN IVKAVPiIIt.T, after entei int.) a geceral
view of the eject of the grata of the reveille arisi g
from the first fruits to the clergy of Ireland, and oho A laid
how much it had been diverted from its original pu.-
p is., stated that the first fruits, which nn•v tin
little, ought to produce between 39 an.l 40,000/. 4 year,
which properly applied, would enable Oovernment to in-
crease the livings of the poor clergy, tnil huhu glebes
nithout increasing the burdens of the people. Tue re-
sult of this improper apßliratinn of the (`.hutch termite,
Was the decay, not of the Protestant establishment, but

i

TI

Sir F.
the assist

;

I

tit .6s .
• •

LLI
