AN.-

befu
when
place.
Maral Duke Cooegliano bat been for several days at
31atarobat is going to leave for Armes del Mar, where
he wilVe near the bathing place.
Sinstbe last military events, the garrisons of the places
bkiak#d, remain within their walls, and are not anxious
to disrb our troops.
Frich Rents,e at Paris, 90.43.—Spanish Bonds 33.

lampehtna, are going to be joined to the 4th corps,
e sieges of the places not surrendered will take

Thbenefit of the restoration of the ancient despotism in
Spain is likely to be soon felt by the monied interest of
this entry. Ferdinand has proved himself of the " right

" ro)i breed," and, in a s►►eeping decree, he annuls " all
" Owlets of the government called constitutional, of what.
" e kind and description they may be, from the 7th
"of larch 1820 to the 31st of October 1823." This is a

disavirbil of the loan contracted in the first instance, as

well I that more recently maileoind leaves the bond holders
no dim upon the finances of Spain. The knave of the New
Tina who has always been canting about the restoration

of th royal government, as the only means of securing the i n-
teresof the first class alluded to, turns round upon his dupes,
if thre were any,and says that as long ago as August 1822,
he led declared that no loan would be recognized by a
Roplist Government What he said is of no conse-
quence ; hut what the slave wiNhed is evident—a rest°.
Felon of the old de.potism—of the inquisition—and that

Spain should be thrown into the arms of France. These
were the wishes of this Bourbon hireling—the darling
oljects of the prostitution of his pen. For this, he
odeavoured, at every period, to throw obstructions in the
May of the Spanish Constitutionalists; and for this, when
be could not prevent the loan from being obtained, he was
engaged to lull the feelings of the fund holders, by pointing
to the Royal Governmentas the only adequate security for
, their interests.

There is, however, a question of still greater importance
arising out of this proclamation. Ott the 12th of March,
1823, a convention was concluded with the Spanish
Government, for the payment of certain British claims.
Of course, this convention is also annulled. 11 may be
reaewed ; but the previous negotiation with the Courts
had occupied much time in discussion, and the cla'ms, it
*is believed, were only at last admitted, from the necessity
of having a good understanding with the English Callum ;
and not from any conviction on the part of the Spaniards,
that our claims were well•founded. The Royal government
will have no such► motive for concession. On the contrary,
it will be beyond measure, irritated at the refusal to receive
the ambassador from the Regency, the acts of which
Ferdinand formally acknowledges. in his recent decree.
France has gained the ascendancy at Madrid. The finances
of Spain will not be improved by the expeoces of a Court;
and it is but fair to conclude, that Ferdinand will be as
reluctant to discharge such claims, as the Emperor of
Austria to pay his debts. The Note Time, affects to
bluster on this subject ; and to say we shall maintain our
treaty, even by a war. But the slave knows that we shall
do no such thing. Indeed, a war with France, Spain, and
Portugal, is a matter notoriously beyond the power of
England to maintain. %Ve might have supported the Con-
stitutional party in those countries, as Elizabeth supported
time Hollanders against Spain but since Spain and Portu-
gal are united, in effect, to France, it would be absolute
madness to affect a warlike attitude. England must in
future be content to beg through all the Courts of E arope.
One chance of stopping the progress of the Holy Alliance
was afforded us, but we have thrown it away; and, now, we
.may for ever furl our national banners, and be
satisfied with► existence as a nation upon the terms which
the Holy Alliance may think proper to prescribe. On the
Continent we can link for no alliance, but on the condition
of establishing a Royal government, and abolishing all

those shows of freedom which have hitherto distinguishes}
our institutions:—ant) to contend, single•handed, against
the host of continental despots, is quite as impassible as
it was far the Cortes of Spain to contend with the
superiority of France. All our powers must be limited

in future to mere self-defence; and the cost of inch a
warfare would destroy our finances in a few years.
We know not with what face the Ministry may present its
" beggarly account" on the next meeting of Parliament;
but we have no hesitation in telling them that their
difficulties arc but now about to begin. They will now
see the folly of having left the freemen of Spain to fight
their own battles. Cadiz is to be put in the possession of
the French. This is a necessary result of. the late war.
(Wiz is the most devoted to the Constitution. At Cadiz
It was first developed:— at Cadiz it revived—and at Cadiz

it would be still cherished : —but a French garrison will
be able to keep it down. This single possession identifies
Spain with France.OnrMinisters may remonstrate; but they
will be answered as Lord Castlereagh was answered when he
♦entured to remonstrate against the ocenpation of Poland.
by ltussian troops. They may blaster in the columns of
the New Times, or the Courier ; d7,t they dare Not go to
mar—they feel a total incapacity for any exertion. They
cannot redeem the country which they might have saved.
Spain, Portugal, and France. have become united under
one Government ; and that the most bitter . enemy of

England—the house of Bourbon. The French are, with
reason, proud of their triumph, not over Spain, but over
England. It is at oar interests they have been striking ;
and, by conduct which would have led an English

Mioister to the oraffold in a •better age, they have

struck us in a mortal part. Those who deem the Spanish
question st an end, as affects Europe, whatever it may be
with regard to Spain, are credulous dupes indeed. It h
krown that the invasion of Spain was the dictation of the
Holy Alliance. Will success, and success, too, so nom
greeted, induce the impious league of tyrants to pause,
while any of their objects remain unaccomplished? nay

have proscribed the very name of liberty upon the Conti-
nent; and will they suffer even the name to beard them
in England. for a moment longer than they tan prevent
.it ; when they have such well-nishers in the British
Cabinet—such advocates in the English Newspapers—
and with English money ready to be lent them—or, to
speak more properly, lent to them already, to organize'
their myrisds of slaves against the freedom of which
we so vainly boast! If there existed any thing.
like Ministerial responsibility in this country, fatal
would the consequences be to the members of the Cabinet;
who have seen our best bulwarks abroad occupied by our
mortal enemies, without an endeavour to prevent it.
There would be some consolation in the idea that the
future hostility of the Holy dillies would destroy the
usurpation of our boroughmongers :—but, in such a case,
the nation might fall with the corruptions that disgrace
it—for although some of our tongue-valiant heroes,
censure the want of courage in the Spanish Liberals, we
have some fears that English liberty might be as in.
differently defended, if attacked at once by force from
without, and by treachery within.

The insurrection at Demerara, whirl] Las so much alarm-
ed our West Indian interests, appears to have been but an
ordinary tumult, raised, probably by some individual out.
rage, operating upon the discontent that must always pre-
vail among those whose condition cannot be made worse by
any change. These revolts are attributed by some to the
debates of the British Parliament : hut, unluckily for this
argument, they existed before humanity to negroes was
mentioned among British legislators. We will give these
reasoner. a better clue to the insurrectionary feeling—the
situation of St. Domingo. It is currently known, through-
out the West India islands, that there is one, where the
i lash has been snatched out of the slave driver's
I hands—where the black is the equal of the
Iwhite—where a free state exists, composed of ne•
groes who have broken their fetters, and enjoy
liberty and authority among men, as the price of their
own exertions. Thousands of slaves know this, who do not
know that there is a British Parliament ; and as their
knowledge of this example must every day be spreading,
the white inhabitants of the islands where slavery exists,
must prepare themselves for its effects, in insurrection after
insurrection, until either slavery be abolished, or the slaves
exterminated. The whites may retain their advantages, if

they will, by meeting these circumstances; but if they
persist in maintaining the system of slavery as Lug a
they can, they will perish with it at last.

Sir William A 'Cou rt who had orders to attend the person
of the King of Spain when at liberty, bars bet out [rum
Gibraltar for Port Saint Diary.—(l tolle.)

It is now reported that the declaration of the King of
Spain will, for the present, suspend the actual appointment
of Consuls to the various States in South America; but
that it is probable Gentlemen will be deputed to report the
present state of those countries to our Government.
A letter has been received from Bogota, dated June 20,
which stares that the son of our gallant countryman, Si,
Robert Wilson, who went out some months ago to join the
Patriot standard, was presented with a Captain's Com-
mission the moment be arrived in Bogota, and would
depart in a few days
.to join the Liberator's Staff at
Guaiquil.
The character of the present Pope is thus given in a
French Paper :—" The Cardinai Sella (lenge is not a man
after the hearts of those who sigh for the reviv@l of the
vigorous adininistration of the days of Pius Vl. The
name of Leo, which he has sissnmed, is at once an index is
his testes, and a guarantee of his future conduit. It is his
boast, that upon all subject*, lie feels precisely as Leo did,
and that he will reign by the arts, and for Italy, if possible.
We all remember the ineporant mission upon which he was
sent to Paris in ISM which was to explain some parts of the
extraordinary Concordat of hill, awl the reason for which
he was chosen for such a mission, was, that no other man
was equally capable with Motor discharging the important
duties of it. Ile remained at Paris during the hundred
days. Upon another occasion he was sent to the Rhine
with a view of conciliating the interests of the Catholics
and Protestants. In one word, of all the sacred College he
is the most modern man, and best acquainted with the
causes which led to the present state of things in Europe.
His library is said to be the finest at Rome.
Sir William !agility, Bart. of Kettlethorpe Park, it is ex-
pected, will walk over the coarse for the vacant seat in the
representation of Lincolnshire.
We are told in The History ofthe French Recolution,by
ANTOINE FANTIN-DESODOARDS, that FERDINAND of Ns-
plea •first acquired the useful arts of reading and writing
under the tattion of his Royal Consort.
ItIRETING AT TUB GUILD OP Itrectrosrs,Duntisz.—A:
Meeting of the friends of Charles Thorpe, Esq.. late WO
Sheriff of the City of Dublin. was held on Saturday, at the
Hall of the Guild of Merchants, pursuant to Advertise-
ment.
The Meeting was called for the hour of one o'clock, and
the advertisement stated that it was "on business Terj im-
portant to the Loyalists of Dublin."
Towards two o'clock. about thirty persons assembled,
some of whom retired to a closet, the door of which was
kept by one or other of the party; and the remit was, the
posting of a notice in the Hall,llist the Meeting was ad-
journed until a future day.—(llublia Morning Post.)
RESIGNATION OP A SCOTS CLERGP3IAN r 11.031 Cots
sciaNce.—On Wednesday se'nnight the resignatioa of the
Rev. Wm. Shirreff, Minister of St. Ninians, came before
the Presbytery of Stirling. After some preliminary pro-
ceedings, Mr. Shirreff rose and stated that he still adhered
to the sentiments expressed in his letter of resignation.
Tne scruples which the Rev. Gentleman entertained were
relative to Infant Baptism. The Rev. Dr. Knox, after de-
precasting all persecution in the Church or State, made 11
motion to the following purport:—' That on account of
the sentiments contained in the letter of resignation gives
in by Mr. Shirr' ff. he is considered no longer a member of
the Church of Scotland, nor hosing a right to perform any
of the functions of a Minister of that Church, nor to receive
a cell to any Church in connexion with the Church of
Scotland, until be be reponed by au act of the Genets(
Assembly of the said Church.' -An attempt was !We by
one of the members to obtain an addition to the 'notice,
rendering the sentiments of the Presbytery somea bat
milder; but after some discussion, Dr. Knos's motion two
put and adopted by the whole Presbytery, with the rut?'
don of Dr. Mylne, who dissented, and complained to the
Synod. 'Mr. M'Oahan was then appointed to preach oa
19th of October, and to declare the church want.
Mr. Shlrreff being thus freed of his charge, his forcer
brethren shook hands with him", and wished him happiness
wherever Providence might direct his steps; and be sinew-
diately left the Meeting.
On the Sunday following, Mr. Shirred' preached three
Sermons in the Baptist Chapel, Albion Strad, Glasgow.

I

OW
1 1

Tht
the Ile
tion Ai
ISth
bad bi
and tt
gatin•
creed
G4,t
tkat tt
frettit
that t
urrl
than
with
Gove
morti
lions

TI
Vok

tl4

left
flee
sar•
t at
to :I

lard

tli•U
IL/1
ph,
Udi
fur

1 04
Mil

11):
'lOl
