CRIMINAL LAW.

194 Wei Win pohilskt;d:n4ltOlii. thn. price if 4s. in h nrdt,
A, TRFATISE son CRIMINAL PLEADINO,
with PREPtillfill TS sf INDICTMENTS, SPECIAL
PLFAS, Be, adripied tp Pvivlce.
t A By THOM AIt,TAIIK E.
- Of Lkietirt's nocriste. at Law.
London: Printed 84r-AV. Clarke and Suss, Law Booksellers,
Partuc..l.4rcet. Lincoln's lota.
Of whom may he Ma, bilks iatae Author, In It loge Bvo. vol.
price I.
A TREATISE itti she LAW of %LANDER. LIBEL.
lOCANDALT/M MAGNATIJM. and RUMOURS
agl-,--UrV,o,lll4net,""" Pte114111.116.

irtir-li 7 . 'born NOV NO R.
. .
• . .
-ale' Q. 411 e Colittiereesiteopecifidir- ll=
gms the Public. the STATIII LOT r RAY Will e acts aid
W
'o,Blwing nu the 91)th it Nnartelper.—There are soli
1401 Ticketa, all., elm. &Yeah enemies
f.... .. . Prises et ...........6014.10.1
4 2 7 ...... a . . a . 9 lite •

$ . . I •••• 2.000
4 , e •4, llOO

•6 • . •f -600
.
' 10 •••

Besidel 1472 Prizes of ,E 104), 150,. AU. az.
Tickets sindikatei. setliug at s vri ITT mod co.'s Offices,
No. 11, Nome), I Aid No. 31, Alrfgate
19. Charier-er.os, egret.

- MATRIMONY'.
MINTS ON THE EFFICACY AND VIRTUES OF SO- NO Disorders have contributed more essentially
• LOMONIS,Ck.LEBRATEI) CORDIAL BALM OF GI-4
LRAD. to destina Hammiest! happiness thin those which Are the
of unguarded pleasure. People of every rook pay
THIS inestimable Medicine listylng risen in' re- cand7:ll.o7lcteuthe tMrioe Of Wedlock, but where she ioustitaiiaii
pule to the very pinto:tele of fame, it iit now noiveruilla has been tainted by disease, a reoovatioo ..f stability is i:Wis.
resorted to for its benign and health-restnring qualities incases ,pensably reimisite.
of weakness, and einariatian. Some. perhaps, apiateauninted Twenty years have we elevated oar practice to she exclusiya
with its metal. Not bevels perused that taterestng " Onide to 'treatment of the following disorders, and the succes.firt remit of . CHAMBER
OF 1/EPUTIRS. Nov. 4.
Bodo" (whore MIDI be bet few indeed). my, be induced to our plan gives us additional ardour to oppose, as far as we are
ask, what is the Palau of Gilead At Gal—What cumplaiut deth able, the ravages of those eumplainb whieb are the moss has - •=• .. fltlIN4lll-•I4N ANC la • - -
it rare—To artifice this it will be Necessary to portant in the satalogne of human ittlirraities. In tile 'Sabato on the taxen liquor, M. Sartain
- '• Hold tip the Mirror to Madre." Alter iiiitiatiiin ism every brauchats Navy Suraeons,we formed a • •
Let those *hoar, filleted in the following manner reflect on • wish, at :in early aeriad of practice, to rescue itolivalaals delivered.' yariety or observations on the 'subject of
She cause dint prodaerd each hayrick upon the " wholesome ap- from the ignorance of uneducated men, or the equally dangertias I indirect taxation. He observed; that the tax had
pares and potters of life:"—disordered st nett, dry rough, precipitancy of general practitinaers. been proposed by the. Minister only as a temporary
weakness in the tiara hoarseness. shortness of breath Naar the The disorders to the lure of which we have: devoted oar at I ;,. • .
last exercise, and relation •n of the whole system. Those of tention coon,' isc every saeciro of Venereal infection ; all kinds i 'orate, to last till the Ist of January, 1816. He then
flirted with palmitin, Itioriar of the eyes, weakness of sight or of liehility, whether arising from the habits of school-bays us 'I went into a review of the financial systems pursued by.
memory, sh. nl4 Inky lime to consider Linnseusa ;akin% that the inuulgencies of maniere are; that derangemmt of tiW avf.;.
e'en)."youth lathe Important period for forming a robust constitia tem in w ,saen which is called Barrenness or Sterility • armi,„.; I Our Ministers since the time of Colbert ; and,
the natural 1
I
ton," and thhe " notelmg wto be dreaded lin mach as prema- Weakness. Glaris, Oft a
stractima in the Urethra.; as ale.' Stele-.I plained, that in matters of Finance, LEIPSIC, OCT. 24.—At noon to-day t courier ar.
tare elms." Tiie fotetafatim au happy old age Is a Bond con- I tures. whether recent or o( bing duration, and winch have I fickl of the Frenchnation
env,' had
.been peculiarly : rived in our city from Viendli, bringing the important
stimian in amok ;temperantmand nintleration at that :.tar are battled ilieskill of other practioners, are be our present lea.,
pit/alarm to happy sad ate.; -planting ran be better described is ;wed plt.o of treatment effectually mid perm: metal, cured, ! displayed, together with that impatience for the re- intelligence that the kingdom of Saxony is definitively
than the words of Atanstrarta- wittiest toe patient mitering the escrociating pain and alarm- 'knit which tounteracted its own object. It was only annexed toTruasia, and that it will he governed by
---- ---n Fur want of Clad, Care lad, Ifiamorrhage which frequently follows the apithrstion 4Pf '
Mililans bay, died •if mediae'', wounds." , the lunar caustic. In the coarse of our extensive practice in • f the Mastevils of these er *mai changes, that p• p • v•
'one o
Par surh as thew. Oleo, obis 'mallow Balm is sifrable. Com- ',this metropolis, numerous cases of strictures have been and are nothing could he brought to perfection. It was not ministration will be immediately established in Saxony.
plums stifled coder the gametes/a appellation ..f Nerviest mid dad% under our care, the total eradication of which is efacted thus, he observed, that in England,—a country - The King of Pru •guarantees the debts of
ssta
,Emeumptive are its proper climax—the one it a 411 eradicate.. by a safe, certain. and expeditious mode of care, superior to
t (her will he dire tby its influence. Th- Ballo of Gilead ally other yet adopted. Tar weakness, relaiation, and de. • always to flit quoted
for an example in matters of State. Ills Majesty has promised to bestow his pa-
ban Traduced more prod in this country than any medicine since, lenity, proceeding from this complaint, sire veed.lv removed,''
credit, an 4; in searching .for the means of public cellar patronage on commerce in general, and the
the arnuttinn of a Materia Medics. It eat irlic• the blood with- and sae patient restored to ...arid and vigoriptis health. Jae . urosnerity veit was nut thus that financial prosperity • manufacturesof Le' • • gime in particular. .
out tallaming it i, braces ..• istinto stimulating too violently the where the debility aeon for years existed, a proper perm...! ; ; -1., :
eiervoaf system;' free. and dbharthens the viscera and other its- .amore dam oar restorative remedies is indispensably requisite, . had nests tnftre attaiiied ; difference of time, and suc- i This intelligence has produced the strongest sense.
portant eramis ; resolves obstruenans, and throws of viscid to revive the slumbering sparks of life, and iii reaniasate the cessive dm
m. There
es of men, had not made any alteration lion here. M. de Brendel, who has for same lime
u. mug humours tatienialiens the general habit, ano! bribes back cotatitutina. in their s
the muscular fibres to their untwist and healthy tone; as it is ! Numerous Diseases are the remit of ignorance or taste in the . was sue vuerile desire to commanded in our city in the-name of the Emperor
.
kalrionted to produce, in a considarable degree, all or goy treatment of a simple Gimorrhea and it not ear:virally bap- . carry tie-theories of individuals info the direction of ,of Russia, is preparing to give up the place to the
of these effects, so it must, under &ratio modifinstions and re-' peas shut the seeds of life are potinsted by tie indiscretion of an public affairs. All who came conformed to that Prussian troops.
welcome, be equally adapted for the cute of every species of usiguarded hour. By a superior method such complaint* are ~: i. :
...A .
deeay. - i easily cured; and even where others have Riled, we-trust that Vintcu etttstrN4s . IsNm
and thus the w , of the past was • „hied! Germany, and especially in 'the countries
This medicine has been uncommonly successful with youtiga: we, may presume to otter a radical re-establish inei.t. , always strengthened by the ob*vations acquired ' which belonged to the late, Confederation of the
People. wiio have the appals...nee and air of old age; whit are : Few, however. are the eases of complicated distress In this from the present. Our duty, therefore; was to Rhine, will be established States General, who will
pale. effeminate, beam:abed, limpid, and even imbecile : whose disorder, iampaced wish the calamitous situation of men, who,
smiFes are became bents whose legs are no lager able to carry .. from an indalaruce ia a salitary vice, sir the prevalent gaieties adopt some system, and to remain faithful to it
... share the Legislative authnrity with the Sovereign.
them; who bay, an litter distaste for evert thing. or area tinily ,of a fashiooahle life, acquire ;lint stn.e of debility which__ Is the The jroduce of the indirect taxes in England, tie We have here witnessed a new kind of punish.
, Meapecitated.—.W here the stomach is frequently disordered the unavoidable .:ousequeofel of sue:, pernicious. habits. W h the
i __,d,
amounted to
about 800 millions, and her pea meat, hitherto unknown in Germany. Eight indi.
' batty is weakened ; paleataa, bodilt decay, and emaciation unhappy sufferer br
ay over over is miser., hat carefully c„,ocet, , said
Succeed, and the ay weak into the head. his inisfitraines, it may hesome.cou-olation for him to loos. , pulation was not more than the half of ours ; So riclithls, both men and vomen, having been convicted
The Cordial Balm of (blend, in bottles, price lb. each, or that although it be an object rif doubt or aisc artiamy wittaatlier thei and rwe could progressivelyII systematical!) iti of theft,
were marched through the streets, mounted
door in one family bottle for 394. by which luau Its. battle Ispraditiouers, the reautral of these deficiencies by the gradual
ears-
raise
• laved. data ii.eladed. ragress at renovatian, is the acquiretneutof our experi .
es„•e a few y this branch of our revenue to only on asses, and having high pcaktd paper caps on their
Wish earls bottle is given a copious Bill of Directions, ft iof f_ tie rites Baecinut, nr Venns have began to reduce manly ;he htrif or what it is in England
, viz. 400 millions, we heads, on which, pia,. written the word roeue. They
mullalaing select illustrations of the efficacy of these medicines. vigour, much tioxiely will tie prevented by an carat counter-
should then itidiridually pay only a fourth of what is were escorted by a Russian officer at tee head of
tie ( oyeawani label or stamp of which 'hos the.words " Saial. rental of tlus laaauid stair, :lad in these case* no great difficulty . ' . • .
Solomon, Liverpool," eugrasen hi its official impression and is will accur. ...paid by our neighbours. The average expense of some Cossacks, atildiers of the . police, and a detach.
••• ~
uniformiy pasted on the fork of each bottle. All others are Marled Women. who have Iring been disappointed in diaool collecting these taxes,. he added, did not exceed five meat of Landwehe. They were•then conducted to a
sionntarfeas, experiminta of& (airily, may be assured, Mat in most instal:mita • - •
' per cent. is England. place where they received cone blows with a stick, a
Sold ay
;abut Leigh, No. IS, Strand ; Sutton and Co. (late such defects are curable by medical skill.
Dicey and Sun..), Bow Chuxcli•yard ; Bacon and Co. 150, ;Bakal" in the Country are requested to state the partied I. • He then made a variety of observations on the ge- mode of punishment prescribed by the•Russien Com.
• Oaf adaireet. Loodisn ; Brodie and Dowding, Salisbury; A. lam of their case, age, and Mouser of living. isiclasing a Beak
i ;moral prevkleece of luxury. The consumption of mandant. .
Smith, c'erfuneer, Nosab-bridge. Edinburgh ; Martin Kettle, • Note for Advice and Idediaines; aod (hesitate will be fore ' .
Fratice, 11said, 'tit'
a sti se the last 25 years, had to- 'FRONTIMIS OF SPAIN, OCT. 29;---The Intendants
~' lie. 6a Calbrge.gereo ; at Davista.'s No. 1, Pgrlitiment-street; t . any part of the Kingdom.
'rfts.) ar Mrs.m. lif. Newbury and Seas,'Dublin; odd other Medi. • The secrecy whkh•is so essential to our undertaking, and the creased in an increiceivable and truly alarming pro- and Corregidors of all the provinces of Spain hare
leine Vender, is garupe and America. qualification* a bids we have presansed ten Nisita form the basis
• is Portion. We were become, beyond all comparisrin, , received Orders from she Government, to take off all
is, and ineoliscalenee with melt this intimation
• " Dr &lemur. whim consulted experts his usualfee of of our preaciaio. •
* * ' 'given, that Meyers. Currie aid Co. may be cousaltedhy patients the greatest nationsthe f - wo t.of hatsoever desc i
consumers, as • on t per
Oar Pooled, to such tenets should, for safety, be thus,
direitted-s- iof either sex with the greatest secrecy and amour. at their , the earth. It was hardly conceivable how the I.
" hooey Letter. Dr. Mown, Gilead-home, neer Livers i house, No. lin, Haltatagardela _ I
puei. Paid doable pestage." . CURRIE uoi.Go. Swift's, 110. 107, Hattoniardea. duce of our SOH fled the activity of our industi

-FRENCH PAPERS.

race of sequestrations on prop/pay of whatsoever descrip.
e pro- lion, and to gil'e public notice to that effect. whiels
dusky I wee accordingly done by the Govan*: *Oboes oa
, .

•-r

the 18th, in an order to the Administrative Autho-
rities. It is not certain whether this relief applies
to French sequestrated property, but it is supposed
to be general.
Town, OCT. 27.—A corps of iruegarian hussars,
and many of the Officers of the regiment of Maria
Louisa, went as far as the banks of the Taro to meet
the Princess bf Wales on the day of her arrival at
Parma.
Letters from teghorn of the 18th announce that
110 Poles, who bad arrived there from the Isle of
Elba, and already set out for Parma, were obliged
to return to the place from which they had departed.
Bnosszt.s, Nov. I.—The Prince Sovereign of the
Netherlands considering that under the existing law,
in respect to marriage, the civil magistrate may join
in wedlock persons between whom there may exist
canonical disabilities, has just issued an ordinance,
importing that every Catholic who means to marry
must provide himself with a declaration from a parish
or other priest authorised by the ordinary, stating
that there taists no canonical hindrance to the union
of the parties. The civil magistrate cannot marry
without receiving such certificate.

.......----.---- . .. •
"OM Mails. •• • .
- Vt,.
•" S . l.istvan
Malta ••• ••••••\•• •• • •• • 1
. ' 0
0 • flataborgls
0
• f••!•;

Pit Wit 'Or S'T'OCKS Tlt IS
flank 246 •
3 per Lent. Ned. 6,3ai
3 pet's Ceps. fin
4 per Germ 790
a per rent. Nay) 9S ,

*".

DAt Alt ORR CrOLOCK
L-sme. Arm. 15 15-16 16
Indio Bonds 15 16 p
B:chequer Bills 1 5 p
°melons
C01160i9 for Ace, 64iii

THE: STATBSMAN.

LONDON:
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1814.

It must be evident, that as the Congress at Vienna
was not to meet till the Ist inst. the statements of
earlier positive arrangements must be premature. Ia
fact this is clear from the dissonant nature of the
accounts propagated, which are still as contradictory
;as ever. If, in the absence of abthentic information,
ye may consider shy point ns finally settled, the an-
filiation of Saxony to Prussia appears the most to
he relied on. This aggrandisement will, of course,
occasion others, or claims to others, by the rest of
the Powers, as an equipoise; and thus may we ap-
prehend the universal passion of self-interest will
defeat what seems one of the most important objects
and desires of the Sovereigns themselves, the restore.
hots of the old regime;__. a desire, we believe, in most
respects confined to themselves. That Europe cannot
teternto ha ancient state, 4 as certain as that the ages
andieeptatbat have produced the great changes which
bate given a new aspect to the woryfrand a new
turn to the mind, of men, cannot be rolled back to
the feudal times, to the periiids• of ignorance and
universal slavery,. when even the coosdeesnese of
pi ht and power, of self-deliverance, did not exist.—
orals to restore such a regime * pow ill ro recoil
4.
•a e heads of those Monarchs who shall endea-
• sour to impose it upon mankind ; and this truth'
for Sovereigns have short memories, ought to be im-
pressed upon their minds, in
..,the way that a Royal
Conqueror of antiquitkovlto seemed to have more
consideration and love of sobering admonitions than
usually fall to the lot of the mighty, commanded his
servant to remind him that he was a man, every
morning that he .rose. On the banner of the same
Conqueror were also inscribed such words as ever
and anon, reminded even the Conqueror of the
eastern world, his courtiers, and his triumphant
legiona, that they ",must die," and led them to ask
themselves for what they had lived. Some such
mementoes would look very well attached to the
lofty titles now in the mints of the Sovereigns and
Conquerors of even our own times. To this part of
the regime of former days we do not object, believ-
ing that some good 'might come of it. - But if the
impressive lesson of advertity, and threatened humi-
liation to thrones, so lately and•so awfulty read and
verified op the Continent, is already forgot, and a
change of titles from one empty designation to; more
inflated and ridiculous absurdity, op to ." Emperor
of the Sun and Moon, and Monarch of the Brass-
bandied Sword," &c. are to be all the fruits of ter-
rific revolutions and national subjugations, and men
and countries are to pass from one Ruler to another,
merely to add to his titles and aggrandisement,
without any view or attempt to ameliorate the con-
dition of those trsnsferred,—to consolidate andgive
permanency to the few blessings that.have survived
,the wreck of their former estate, or been the growth
of recent changes, the gleam of rational liberty, and
national happiness, which has cheered them in their
deepest afflictions, and led them to believe ht the
possibility of its realizatioo,—it requires not any ex-
traordinary foresight,, or discernment, to enable owe
to say with truth, that such changes will not have
the effect which every good man must desire; and
that, in fact, the wounds of the European commu-
nity will remain, and the gashes be as deep as ever,
in spite of the empiric and his plaster.
There is certainly much squabbling -about boun-
daries at Vienna, as well as between us and the
Americana. If this is really the chief object of con.
sideration, it says little for the boundaries of the hu-
than understanding, or rather of those who are,
making this the principal object of their care. We,
however, like to see people who mean to perform
their work to satisfaction begiu.at the begisming.—
Poland, where the rights of man were so inhumanly
tram?ted upon bydespl)tic power, and the first burst
e: inllignaut ' feeling and devoted patriotism which

THE STATESMAN.

late years hath seen opposed to overwhelming HUB- SENTENCE OF THE
COLONEL QUINTIN. COURT-MARTI:IL
•,
tics and usurpattin was shown, and by a sympathy , - ,
true' to nature stud the intoresni of the human i:
Yoeterday, at Remfordl the 10th yeginient of
race, liras communicated to the rest of civilized men- Hoasers-was paraded, under the command of Lieute;
kind ;L--Poland, as itspartition was the • first step to ' nent-Colnoel Palmer, when the Sentence of the
the overthrow of the balance 'of power'' as well as Coort-Martial; as approved by the Prince Regent,
the +it fraction.of .the social compact, is endoubtedly was read. •
its absolute i , . It states in substance, that the Court has, found
tion of
the primary object ornomaideration. The restitte-
-01 of the first charge proved ; in which it is
atlepiiit 0
once will
ht.. - meet with • .
stud,• that on the 10th of January, when the regi-
teeny obstuFles. But 'whet was a °rime k the eyed' ment was foraging, the Colonel did not make propr
of justice and humanity Is likely to, remain the same. and timely arrangements to secure the success of
If partition is persevered in, the example is nue sof I the regiment, but neglected and abandiseed his duty
ittiquity, and will have (he worst effects. If Relila re- as Commanding Officer, leaving some' of the di-
visions without support or orders, when attacked by
ceives the whole of she Potialk-eersiltetri -4 timdence
against Pr assia's adAtiett.:4lfs4447, Misfile."' the enemy.
They honourably acquit him of, the second and
ditiotr of Italy, end Sweden's aggrandisement of Nor- third charges.
way, the power of theßussian Autoeltativill, Indeed, . Whey find the fact stated in the fourth, of a re-
be what TALLEYRAND calls it,colosse4 and well may hied discipline existing iii the regiment, when en-
France protest against it; and the ithefee,of these ag- gaged on foreign service, proved ; but, in con-
Adoration of the letter of the Duke of Wellington
grandisements; and well also may England disap- conveying a censure on him for the same, and also
prove of such annexations. In the midst of all these In finding from the evidence, that there was a want
additional advantages to Powers, on whose alliance lof co-operation on the part of the Officers i 1 main.
we can rely but little, where is our aggrgnalsotnent ? taining the discipline of lbeeorps, the Court-Martial
.do not think it necessary le ;reprimand the Colonel
The extension of the Hanoverian domintons along
part of the Charges . but they think it their
the shores of the Baltic, which might hevje been de.. \on this . •
duty to reprimand hint on the part of the first charge;
sirable, is not it seems 'contemplated. Oar troops which find
they to be proved.
are to remain. in Flanders, at an enormous expence , -The pleasure of the Prince Regent was pronounced
to this country, merely to terrify the French into' Isy the Adjutant-General, that the Prince Regent ap.
acquiescence io the aggrandisement of her neighbours, 'Orel of this sentence, and Colonel Quintin is repri.
and to enable the Belgians to perform their work un-
tinanded accordingly ;—but it is the farther pleasure'
1 of the Prince Regent, after reviewing the proceed..
e.
disturbed, and outsell us in all the markets for m
rugs on the trial, that the services of Lieut.-Colonel
nufactures on the Continent and elsewhere ;—and our Palmer and the other Officers (the prosecutors ()fistful
share in the reward is to be some island iu the moon. above charges) be dispensed with in the 10th re 4.
—Since all those brittle States which cannot stand ment of Hussars! It is added, " theyare. toeholdb
upon their own feet are to be bound together by a themselves in readines to join such other Regiments
feierative link, and a sort of magic circle drawn of Cavalry as the Commander in Chief should name."
This most extraordinary sentence had not been
around them, and peace is to be secured from the
communicated before-hand to the Officers in the re-
uttermost point of the Peninsula to the OeSpiant giment; accordingly, Lieut.-Colonel Palmer had led
almost in spite of fate, and all present' and future the regiment to the parade, accompanied by the other
BONAPARTES, what ground is there •for refusing to Officers, but on the reading of the above sentence
and confirmation, they had to sheath their swords,
re-establish the Polish Kingdom, or to apprehend,
that if re-established it could not stand, since to and Major Howard (who had not joined in the prose-
cution) took the command, and led the regiment off
bind it in the same string would secure its preserve- the parade.—Colonel Quintin resumes the corn-
, lion as well as that of any of the States of Germany. nand !
Wehave seen that scarcely kny,even the most powerful
of the Contineutal Thrones, had not sufficient phy-
sical and moral strsengh to resist the shock of incursive

• . •

revolution—inherent feebleness and corruption was

the cause—and till the causes of national weakness

and ruin are removed, the usual effects must follow.
Such Thrones ,as are erected in despite of hqman

THE PRINCE REGENT'S LEVEE,

. _.............
er
60
Yesterday his Royal 1 ' hness the Prince Regent
held his Levee at Carlton ouse. At one o'clock -a
Guard of Honour and partie f the Life Guards were
stationed in ['all-Mall. . ..

At two o'clock the Lord Chancellor arrived in
State with the Address ; the Archbishop of Canter-
, try, the Bishop of London, the Earls'of Abingdon
and Delaware followed, with other
,Peers. Soon
after his Royal Highness being on the throne, in the
Councilkilimber, they were ushered into the Royal
~presenct. by the Lord Chamberlain, when his Royal
:Highness received the Address, which was read by the
liord Chancellor, and to which the Prince was
pleased to return a most gracious answer. The Prince
vas attended by the Cabinet Ministers, the •Lo'rd
'Steward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Stole,
&c. At three ,o'clock the Speaker of the house of
Commons came in state, attended by the Officers of
the House; Lord Bridport and Mr. Graham,
.and
number of.Memiters. They were introduced to the
Prince, on the Throne. The Address was read by the
Speaker, and a moat gracio answer returned by the
Prince. .
The Levee was attended by their Royal •Iligh-
nessep the Dukes of York, Clarence, and Kent; the
Duke of Norfolk, as Earl Marshal ; the Bishop of
Meath; the Ambassadors-of France, Russia, Hol-
land; Austria; Spain, Portugal; Denmark, Wirtem-
berg, Hesse, and Naples; the Judge of the Arches
Court, the King's Advocate, the Attorney and Suli-
citor-General, Judge-Advocate, Lord Mayor and
,Sheriffs, •Rererder,- &c.
Among the presentations were—
• Lord Exmouth, Sir Robert Wilson, General Craddock, on
his return from the Cape. and appointment as Groom .of the
lied-chamber; Sir William Congreve, on being, appointed
Comptroller of the Royal Laboratory and Superintendant of
Military Machinery ; Sir Isaac Heard, Garter, on his return
from presenting the acceptance of the Order of the Garter to
the Emperor of Austria and the I'rince Sovereign of the Ne-
therlands,: Mr. Wm. Duinlaß, on being appointed Keeper of
the Signet in Scotland ; Col. Lord Fred. Bentinck, on being
appointed Lieut.-Col. of the First Regt. of Foot Guards; Sir
L.. *oar:, on Iris appointment to the Embassy to Holland; Mr.
Huskiison; Mr. Adam. on his appointment as Baron of Ex-
cheqAr in Scotland j Mr, Monroe, on his return from Norway ;
and many others.
The late Lord MaYor presented the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs
Leigh and Reay, and tiodersherilll Leigh and Rookie.

right and equity, will totter even at the sound of tie
armour of hies who professes to come in the natai_of

justice and injured humanity.
May it not be upprehended, that in obtaining pos.
sessi6a of Italy, Aust.& is. outtjtig.,oKA, Aingdom
for BONAPARTE to return to ?

The Salvador dcl Mande., of 120 guns, espies: Ad
in the 'glorious action off Cape St. Vincent, end'
which has so long been the flag-ship in the Hamoaze",
has been paid off, and broken up. The Impreg-
nable, of 90 guns, has been fitted to receive the flag.
Plymouth has been made the depot for first-rate
ships.
As we every day have the pleasure to hear of the
reduction of price at which the Government contracts'
for meat are made, it would, no doubt, give great
pleasure to hear that those parts of the public service, 11
as provisions, which are done by commtssioned
agents, keep pace with the redaction by contract.
We should like to see a statement . laid before the
llouse, of the comparison for the supply of meat at
Deptfoid, Chatham, Deal, and Portsmouth, which
has been done by commission for years past, con-
trasted with the supply at the other port*, such as
Plymouth, Torbay, &c. by contract. We trust a
motion to this effect will be made by some vigilant
Member.
The Duke of DonseT comes of age on the 15th in-
stant, on which joyful occasion, we hear, there is to
be great feastings at Buckhurst Park and at Knowle.
The tenantry are to meet at Lewes, and at East
Grinsted, to partake of a sumptuous dinner, in cele-
bration of that event. His Grace is at present in Ire-
land wit the Duchess and Lord Warrw.olleu • but
his arrival at Knowlel_we understand is elittlitd prior
to the 15th.
A Gentleman just arrived from Vienna star that
the greatest attention is paid there to the yount 80.
NAPARTE, the ci-devant King of Rome. There are
two coaches and six in attendance upon hint, one to
carry him to Schoenbrun, and the other to-awry him
back. The carrilges are ornamented with the arms
of France and insignia of the Legion of Honour.—
' Lis is a very fine boy, fair complexion, Mite eyes,
and a very animated countenance. Whet elstlir.
format last saw him he was walking, &deeded bf
four ladies of quality. Rd was dressed ha ;ocourniork
with a cavalry sword at his side.
...r.
We have understood, by letters- from Brabant,
that the Commanders of the Germ*, Legion, in the
neighbourhood of-Ghent, hare began-to restrict their
furloughs to the soldiers, as so many of those who
procured them, have forgot, to return!
In the Ecclesiastical Code of Iceland, the Bishop,
or even the infet!or Clergy, are invested with autho-
rity to prevent any marriage, where the female is
unable to read. This law preiides a powerful pledge
for the instruction of ,the rising generation.
We are happy to learn that the son of Mr. Ur*
ley, who was so seriously wounded by a detonatieg
ball, is in a fair way of recovery. The professional
Gentlemen who attend him have no doubt as to his
regaining the sight of one eye, and Lim hopes as to
the other.
A The pnblic should recollect, that If truly adhere
to the practice of demanding Tickets from th'e Hack-
; ney-coachmen whenever they ride in their coaches,
i they always have the means of easily recovering par-
eels and other property that may be accidentally left
in them, an advantage not to be overlooked, as well'
as tending to prevent depredations upon Ladies and
unsuspecting travellers.

. •
.4
• •
•
•
1144
Gtr NCE.
Itledoeis and imam
hne sloop of war, frit
several shipissidoilt4
or Portsmouth.
bas Majesty's Jar poi
kiesiY's ship ta.l—
. —.7.Tokt
ice, Not.
d to the ifestAZ
smith Reweso„t,,o;
rail 21 boom after's* .;1,1;i
!he Ann Maria,
twi sloop of *44 CI
duos &limiest *Alit
Speeds asstSpeeohihs'
aad r< elateri ape% ft;
IC ket. for hiss
priie, Faraday, tftic •
loss ow she QoodatiA
whit the less of asio.•
Plymossh; with
with lots of ditto; hip
kopoiSlO, ini
er shim ism pit iatis
A-stetrort' •
ar audack• Minna •
is rate •WM se -idiot., 14
,
•
•1, r .
melt_intiittitt
.8 a prisoner in d 1
'Ton a writ ,at the'
q. of lloltert•
a, M.P. (we belies
..
period of the mate •
imnelf Earle( gat,. .
sibi is COoSlittlitif
hisanting to 3167:i
pd Boot; .it is lois
Coatelti SPtibut4
dtatvr 5ia."1741-oa.. •
Aeon; alihoodjispliy
calling.hitelog
this soi-Nisi ftWi•
d to prison; Beinie,
iordstlipe( Fiedhtn, .
.nninngeWlei the he.
omasoult:killecl tis
'sly
e Petitiester 01,
ight to the this
obtained the:
Instoeser
enclose :that his tai i •
rae doubted ;, that,
ear 'kite Jury befell
I beettpuntentmerh
oral Onions high is
tim every issistinte,
procure his title to
Lords, •w hen in an
with the Plaintiff,
I most closely, oleo
en t the euteht of
loence to get him re.
['hat he accordingly
and his friends .find
. Canning, withdrew
fcpcp hip! ;. in cot*
it came to pore-Sty;
isesi by the House ci
ning lost his Scottish,
tis 30001. thus lest
e particnlars that its
cess of W A r..cs, and
Geneva, is *comets.
ter from Dr.
orrespondent in this •
The Princess having
tuner, Mr. C— C—'
is gentlemen ushers
I be took his seat en
Pcrionages, by their .*
ation was carrisdoo
of the Es-Emp -
Ist fealinglT made
en changes -tgtir4
her inelth su
ig the Doctor a 1.4
!stints,. requesting la
the 'object. In the
:reprise did the coos
wsi Italian airs, 04
iral taste for mmics'
sionately fond of ill
;ultlysted• the scietlal' •
en propoied to um
in .sinsing a faroarite;
hese illuattious Per:.
tug arid effect.--.
.linspress "cturnwt
, but she had ao*
-.onicto.l
ely recommends On
itle of " Emperor Yf
;for of the ("lie •
!o state, is 90 1106:
position, that it Is
to appear ih • pet
ing pulled down in
ego,, rhich was the
t of the building be..
Gracechurch.stree+,
iddenly gave way °"
en o'clock, when
r with dbro.c
Fortitude!, 6°
of the preniir,
;accept X 4 11/o,ll°-144'
•
, . .
. • ;:' •
•
