THEATRICALS.

Cower Gaaossr.—The long-promised Dew hated,
was produced last night, under the title of the Vesper* es'
Palermo. It is one of those dramatic bubbles, which
rise, and break, daring the progress of the season • that
are talked of as novelties before they appear, and become
stale before they are repeated. Weak, improbable, an/
uninteresting, it dewed its weary length over the boards,
until half-past ten o'clock, when three woes would have
told the whole story; and the piece have been all the
better from being compressed into a one act interlude. The
story is as follows : —Man di Procida has left Sicily, be.
cause it is under tire yoke of the French ; and rearm,
after a lon, absence, to instigate the inhabitasts to rite
against their oppressors. His son, weary of the state d
slavery in which be lives, is about to abandon Sicily, when
his father returns to it; they meet; and after booed.
in g his son, and finding him ardent in the cask
of liberty, the father discovers himself, and in-
troduces the young , man to a band of conspirators,
who propose, like the conspit eters in Venice Preserved, te
F get rid of their foes by an indiscriminate slaughter. The
youngerProcida objects to this; he is in love with the sistre
of the French Governor; and while the massacre proceett,
he is only iatent on the safety of his mistress, Vittoria.
the wife of the former Lord of Sicily is beloved by Erika.
The French Commander ; and she leads herself as a decay
to draw him to his fete, by affecting to accept his love,ene
when the vesper bell gives, notice of the time she hie
appointed for the nuptials, the conspirators rush in, and
he falls like Crew, gashed with many wounds, after e ahem
combat, in which the stage is. strewed with slaughterei
guards. There the play shoal end ; but then we have
only got to the end of the third Act : and there ire tee
more expected to follow. What is to be dine? The fair
. authoress has hit upon a rare expedient ; and actually
begins a new play in the fourth act! Montalto, one of the
co'nspir.stors, whose wife and family bed been massacred
on the arrival of the French, takes it into hi
head, that, since he has no children, John di Proeide
ought to be childless too: and he accuses the youngProride
of 'treason, to which his dislike of the massacre, and his
saving the sister of the usurper, give some colour. One
Alberti, among the conspirators, had been indeed a
traitor ; the guilt is fastened on[Procida; and,Lis faller is
made to condesan him to death. Thus endeth the fourth
act. The fifth opens with an attempt on the part of the
father to persuade the son to leave the prison clandestinely;
bet the young hero refuses to sanction the idea of his
guilt by Bight; and the father retires. in the mean time
site French rally under a leader who had escaped, and ad-
vance upon Palermo. The battle begins—the Sicilians
waver. Vittoria, mortally wounded, enters the prison of
Young Procida •, liberates Lim, sad dirs. This is mill
death the second, among the principals. The ring
soldier rescues his enemy, • Montalbo, from cap-
tivity ; but Montalba is mortally wounded, ant
becomes death the third! Procida returns to the battle,
wins the field, but loses his life,and is the fourth victim is
the satiate appetite of the' authoress for real tragedy! his
beloved Constance makes her appearance,. as a sister of
Mercy, having taken refuge amongst that order; and,
after haviog in vain persuaded the dying soldier that he
was not dying, her grief kills her.also, and she fells by his
side. Joke di Prucida arrives to witness the blighting of
his new-horn hopes of happiness ' • for the innocence of bin
son hid been attested by the confession of the real traitor;
and be also falls exhausted on she breathless hoify of his
lamented son; bat whether the lady meant to kill him esti
right iswot certain. We should ratbertirink nut; as Hr.
Tomo came forward to announce the repetition ; which it
would leave been rather out of character for a dead man to
have dose. The actors did what they could foi the piece.
Mr. Batewerr,' as the French Viceroy, wen impressive,
bat often too loud. Mr. YOUNG, si theCoant di Prorids,
seised several opportunities of delighting tire audience,
by so ne excellent acting: more particalaily where he
first meets his son where lie hears of his treason ;
Where be signs his sentence—and where he implores him
to leave the ipriaon. Mr. Kamatia, as the virtuous son,
sod faithful lover, was as successful as he always is, is
such characters. Mr. YJITC• bad a furious pert intim*
him, and played it in a most furious msnner. Mr. Baum
played a trifling part, said to have been intended fee
ABBOTT. without any loss to the sour ••e by the change.
Mrs. BSITLEY performed in her usual style ; —oftea loud,
often indistinct, and almost always monotonous. Constesee
Will most unluckily given to Miss F. H. KELLY; who lase
studied in a most preposterous school, and has more to
unlearn than the greatest novice could hare to aClV3ire•
beirre her tragedy, if this be a specimen, can be endured.
Tae prologue was bad: the e;.ilogaesprightly enoaglv; but it
jests with the tragedy; and unfortunately it will not bear a
j. et.' It is well 'spoken by Mrs. CH =SOLT. It it net
-likely the play will be repeated. The disapprobation cer-
tainly preponderated.
Daunt LANR.—Mr. Kean last night performed OfAelle.
The house. probably, from the fear that his illness was rd
abated, and that he would play no better than he did os
Monday, was very thinly attended. Mr. :f,' however,
was in excellent spirit., if not in robust health; and
played with his accustomed energy. Mr. Wattaca es
the !ago; but he is not equal to the character.
Mr. OICIUIRT is playing Giles in the Miller's Maid, It
the Souse; and though he is not " native to the scene"
as Havasu is, he plays it with much vigour and feeling.

SIR GREGORY PAGE. TURNER.
-0111 -

A Commission for inquiring into the state of mind of Sr
Gregory Page 'Turner, Bart., et present residing lit Loud"
was opened yesterday morning, at the Gray's ion Coffee-house.
At tea o'olok precisely, Mr. Whitmersh, the senier Commis-
sioner, took the Chair, when eighteen Jurors answered to their
names, and were sworn. Samuel Mills. Esq. was the foreman.
The points of inquiry directed by the Commission were—whe-
ther Stir Gregory Pate Turner was of sound mind, end able
to manage his affairs ; and if to, whether he had alienated of
lands, tenements, Be. whilst in that state ; and next, who was
his heir. • _ _ _ _ .

Mr. WIIITUARISZ then addreseed the Jury, and, after stating
to them the objects which they were summoned fur, added.
that it was deviled expedient by the Lord Chancellor and the
different Counsel engaged is the matter, that the Jury should
I Inspect the house In which Sir Gregory resided. in Bedford.
shire. Their first duty would be, therefore. to eomply stSA
this suggestion, and he would leave it to them to arrange whet
and in.what manner they should proceed.
Several of the Jury intimated a desire to be exeased BMA@
trouble of proceeding Into Bedfordshire, and said that it would
be sufficient for the majority if a part only went down and re.
ported the result to them.
Mr. Dumdum, on beheld' of the petitioners, stated that the
Lord Chancellor's direction aria imperative, and that nose
the Jury could be excused frost going down.
After some time the Jory agreed to meet at Sir G. P. Tuner's
house on Tuesday morning, at ten o'clock.
The Cater Comutsuoust stated that a solicitor would at-
tend them over the premises. It was necessary for hie to
apprise them that the funnier*, and particularly tl.e contents si
several large boxes whir& woalsi be submitted to theni,reviirei
their minute intention.
Tne Court was then adjoined to Friday newt, at aim
o'clock. •
A messenger was ettiratalted to Rebore, tbeeearest tovats
the balsa of Sir G. tap Tamar. to mirage no less than tbirti
basis for Monday night.

Two An Defers wbo are to be appointed to Cosi-
missions in the ildiriarlita of listrustry, which are haw be-
ing raised, will bd takes diseleafreiy from the Uaif Fey
Tim dotaalntots, belonging to tho Cavalry and labors
Regiments now tinting its falls, into to proceed yesterdst
from the Isle of Wisht and POrteintittli fur Charnel'', pre.
;oratory I. their embarkation for their different destiasiinat.
The hit' Regiaset. kola Tsmpiromora, replaces the 211
is
Dublin.
- •

...

CaLSBRATION AT
ARRIVALRRIORTON OF THE KING'S
(TROY TIER BRIGHTON HIRALD.)
•••• The loyal inhabitants of this highly favoured tows, bit upoll
II wiry happy and ingenions mode of testifying their joy at the
wriest of oar beloved Sovereign at the Pavilion. This was
GLirif Ineatinating that splendid monument of the art and power
e'"„ot sae, our Saspensioa Chain Pier. The preparations scour
..IpCiffonday,Toesday, and apart of Wednesday, us the new
• t * lithich latter day tls illaminatloa took place. Shama
.i.theasand variegated Lamps were lased on the occasion. The
. •phe was most tastelbtly conceived: and could the whole of
dip amps have been kept alight at one and the same time, p
: mere brilliant and inigniecent spectacle had never been exbi•
boa, ga it was, a lair display of a similar description was,
roam, never beheld. The words. "The House of Brans.
wick," aid " Clod save the King," (tensed by lamps) were
placed*. IN Pier: the first on the Mast sod the latter on the
• West sidlo ; and a Crown between the initials G. R. waa a lee
and striking object at the Southern extremity. A t the 'straws
to the &Aimed* there was • transparesiey of his Majesty. The
Ire works wore Is profoiloo, and of a superior bled ; hat the
. great &stases from the shore (the head of the pier), at which
• they were let off, operated as a drawback upon the enjoyment
Ord.* scene, and partially destroyed their eff. ot. The event
leg, considering that it is the .each of December, was favour
• able and serene. All the tows was oat, and every thing passed
of most delightfully.
On Wednesday, his Majesty's ship the Collation. Captain
• Burton, sod one of the Royal squadron, arrived oath's station,
end which, rounds; as close is as safety would permit, fired a
royal isle., le frost of the town. A smeller vessel. (the on-
'furled lag Do the venerable church tower, perhaps, aunoancing
• the presence of the Sovereiga.)ran In, for a similar parpose,the
same day, sad which it similarly effected.
♦ During the Illumination of the Chain Pier, on Wednesday
waning, the Camelion, which had anchored in the road stead,
rat op some brilliant sky rockets, which prodaced a peculiarly
pleasing effect.
The Master of the Horse took leave of the King, and rotary
ed to tows oo Tuesday. Colonel Thornton joined the Royal
suite on Wednesday, and Admiral Sir Edmond Negle, oo

Tusraday.
Oer Lord Limiter:ant, the Earl of Egremoht, the Karl and
Coates' Cowper, and the Hon. Mj. Lambe, the Berl of Der
borough, sad Viscount Chabot, had the hamar of dialog with
s *Nobly 014 Thursday.

TONSSIDOS Warne, Den. 11.—We have the pleasure to
recd tbat his Royal Highness the Hake of Storm: arrived
here this afternoon, a cirenmstasce that has infused fresh
sprits isto as at this period of the year. Little would
our *aerators have thought it likely for any one to have
visaed this place after October closed in ; a sufficient
proof of the great improvements mad. here of Jet* years.
114 Royal Highness appeared in excellent health and
and was evidently pleased with the cordial recep-
tion he wet a ill' : he condessendingly recognised those of
the Inhabitants whom he knew an bis former visit. His
lasses were taken out of the carriage when he arrived at
the top eat the bill, and he was drawn by the people to the
Kedah Hotel, escorted by a number of the meet respect-
afire of the inhabitants, amidst the cheers sad finnan of
4.lit‘s body of people assembled from the marreanding
,pmfblioaritood. Preparations had been Made early in the
twining, by planting the cannon on the Common, to give
a royal salute. which on the first appeerencoef the carriage
up' executed in as elficieet a style as the state of the
artill-ry would allow.. immediately behind the cannon a
irk of faggots were placed to the bright of at least 15
t, which being set fire to in the evade& east on the
imjapsosjibg scene, a cheerful and exbilaratisiglight; the
day waselesed with fire-works, and the pleas's% abarias
acilived of music. The return of the Royal Dolma able
Agate peculiarly gratifying to as. He km come.dows on
Aiskilt.e• the worthy Harms.' Sr Wort* Bygges—the
Mu of Lis stay ii uncertain.
•

WOW OF COMMON COUNClL.—(Tairssait.)

t>,

-.--

.. .
W SIOTIo.v ton titaCTIXO. • 110,1011RXT IN/ ern
RISOO.
Ilti Report of the Speeches in the Court of Commute
Council having been much abridged is the latter part of
the disenssion, we gladly avail ourselves of the opportunity
We have obtained of giving i o more detail the arguments
110. Richard Taylor.
•110. R. TAYLOR, stated, that be had so far concurred
will MI two friends who bad preceded Ma, as to withhold
lissiguatun from the Requisition, both because he feared
the measure would outrun the general feeliag of the Court,
sot because ha could not bear that an avast on which be
ith mast deeply should be sobj•vted to the ribaldry of the
*Ernst public liberty, witieh anticipation the Gentle-
nas opposite had too well verified. The cooties, how-
ever, having been brought forward. be should support it.
..fig• had fallen a victim not in the cause of Spain alone,
heath* whole human race. He bad been basely murdered
the lkipsts of the Holy Alliasse-rthey. had formed a
sae,. against mankind ; it became right, therefore.
Lathan
lid" should conspire against them. He supported
10-11101106 because be thought the conduct astir Govern-
Zts equivocal on the late contest. Some parts of it.
ed. were disposed to play. the despot on tbe pen-
ises*; and if so, they were acting as traitor" to public
itheity. It was for this reason that the people of England
milled upon to mark their sense of the esertiens of
ago. Haire was any additional inducement so him to
waport thelloriginal motion, it was the remark made by
tit
&lb Baronet Claudius Hunter), that whatever
tessiglst have felt about the events in Spain, that " they
bui am to a blessed termination, that tbe mercy of
,160intrillti But an end to the contest, that we should
ththematest in the blessings of peace, and ear own tri-
•ftwbsot situation, that the fate of Riego should be de-
ities*, is secret. and buried in oblivion ?" No I Never
Audi sails atrocities be forgotten. He would not forget
I.= public would not forget them ; and he hoped
of mankind on the murderers of Riego would
414 their ears till his blood was avenged.—(Hear,
,)~-Thou accursed fiends, the priests, bad read aloud
• And at the moment of the execution, and bad even
Age the sacred name of Jesus Christ, which should fill
%Sited with sentiments of love to all men, the signal
he the executioner—(Hear, bear.)—The Member for
Chtl.Led objected that it was not to Riego's 'merits, but
taUstionstances of his death, that the proposal for a
was to be ascribed. He would avow that be
illy
&perfectly good ground for a public monossent;
.111 illy reward which could be bestowed by mankind
lathes who ease in their cease, was to cherish their
~ -- 1
...__"l66‘ Mee alleged by two gentlemen opposite, that a
' wilia,,_
_Aught rudest to be erected to Washington. He
IgiglitaiWaslilagtee who bad risqued his Ws in resist-
as oat of the greatest names among OW lob il=b;th be should have little expected that these
,tenten week' have glycol a preference to the mat
Miss nobly and saceessfully rebelled spigot the ptho
911,11 of the borough mongers of England (order) to
cm* • this pod&
of Images. to
Ludlow.
• of that
tags of
countryman
'''Sy might
feelings
indent.
, whose
e place,
design.

~- .

f.'
red

ie.

itt,
rdil
tor-

li▪
ti Wed".flaillewr"a a ega:riTeleigtOrgtboeierTiellywio IV;
Models bad been made of miasma
H. wmild menden that of tboteral
lid been avoid is Switserlaad, in lessor
be. 164 • •It mast be grateful to the helix
psi k fold tbarseatery enlist, brave mush
foripers. wbe lowed freedom. Wby I
erg ir` sight have a powerfeleffeet ups, the fe
41 Is Ibis country ? lie ette444 by 10
er-
.14. proprietors of be London
1,1 is farmed the peleskpal orasaireibe
cotdld eigpliseme is *III
