•

VORRIBILIE CRUffi ;riga :is seem pendenoe of My.mind. FM. many. pram the (roam:
.431RH1G4. • tov of a Journal in England, where the Gesernitsent,c'
without any *greet or positive contralti, peellemlll.
gt. Thrones, rimy 16. PPS. " very pn,trerful ti/eal*ll.llo /taintittlidnletu)d C'swettins
On my arrival hers 1 hound more than 50') end- , it is impossible that my political charm-kn• can roe
grants from Venezetle, and the beerdet of horror and I equivocal—it most have developed itself Amirly,Ao.
barbereus treatment they have temerientigh Make the !the undtrstandiiga of sit *en. The very conduct •r
stand on end. The Spanish Brigands {loves, ibis Government towards Mg peeve/ the itthettibility
Motales, Znarola, Cervesi, and others, haste suit `of my independence. After helm( immured tot'
beets satiafied with killing men, women, and ehilth years in a leathsoine prison, wq. health and fortenit'
yen.; they have refined on cruelty in e. manner !slike reinel,by the restraint otftsy.personal activitS
worthy of the ancient conqueror' of Mexico and for accidental errors, from whico no.diernal publics
Peru. Several pregnant women have been ripped ration can be Tree, 'and whieli afforded a -Pretext for.
open in order in esterminate the race of the rode- vengeance, that my uiliforhstlid unbending conduct
pellthiflt% Swann were tied to trees, their arms . had trireme'. I. surely need not itteinpefo repel an
raised shove their heads, and in this-attitude they accusation of yeeatity! That • verylincaamoo, NOV'
mere hil'ed by blows, and their, anus were cot or if you were. in England, and . bed at key titre*
• sad left 1,11,0,4 In the f„,,„ of a cross in the trees. written on the popular ids of the question, (certain-t
After the cannons had heels fired, and were still ly an improblible atippOsitinnYmight have been the
.. • r
' beetling hot, thest miserable people naked leie'r'fouritlifienof-sn ex-dificij information by his Ma-
*tend upon them and beat to death. Some 'jety's Arroartev-GE'szstAL, and niight `have been the
amused themselves in strippiog off half the skin 'Means of .consigning - you to impritionment and ruin.
• • .mf the, fare, the breast, or the soles of the j Such are Ore.- difficulties and dangers *hick I, who
lee. These victims were. then forced to walk maintain my indepeodirce iit England have tetra/re.
ever .the-, aherp stones: Bores has eatiblished as Of all charges, therefore, that could be &fledged
the order of the day in his aretr(entipo.ed of-Zttebos against me, that of being corrupt is perhaps the most
belonging to
.1 preposterous. Do nor, hOwever, Sir, imagine, that
race, manag.
Jog the lance and horse.. nit', great draterite) that if t complain of the terrors HMI AllAreMollll .whi..h
every thing wa.,allowed to them, provided that they the conductors of the politleal Press in Enetand are
were always study to fight, and colfsequeerly these mtposiel, I would consent to exchange these evils.for
Saver. for their amusement massacred the defence- I the direct controu.l established over the French Press.
less inhabitants, rot off their and carried away :f.wery personal interest would indeed lead me to
wilatemer property: they could seise. Women and prefer the coot rout of a licenser In the precarious
3trionst lichen of iwwir were fercedowey 'and confined :and partial effects of individual responsibility, as It
to their temps in.•order to satisfy their brutal pas. is made to operate here..--- Hot, I feel that
slots., even at these scenes their parents were forced the interest of the Editors of Journals ought
to attend, and afterwards frequently murdered. The not to he put in competition with the general interest
whale of the provinces present the .aspect of. one of the people. With a view to w high latter our
reveal leesb. Eatope ought to be informrd of system is der'deAlt ptefoiablo, It, indeed. inter,
.these horrors. The compassion of the civilized cepts all ioformllion and knowledge from the public,
.IPo won whet rime in to the aid- of .this'irliereatiog but that which else) acquire Irons the self devotion
pertine Ah t England, this Is the of individuals. V."l, precludes eve., the piorckie
of
.caelltry thee his .n often invited to a Pardeipatiod NO devotion. • lutier•ndoitt di.rept.ions here mar he
of these jest right% which form the inheritance of all carried on by all who hose spirit and -patriotism
mew, ass' int, whether the claims of Spitinith &me- I enough to despise the menaces or inflictions of ewer.
rip have exemodfd the hounds of reason and justice, With you the. most dating spirit,—the most ardent
before thin tensest thy beckon the present Victims of pa frit-14m, is condemned to silence. Your plan at:
ghy pest pledges I fords cecority to the Journalist, and imposes Wan-
. inure on the people,— ours allows information to the
people, hut threatens utter rub, to the Journalist who
shall shire to convey it. Yon reproach me, Sir, with
en unwillingness to holiest. the surrender. of Bows-
'PART& The contradictions in the memento, as stated
iltry yourself, fully j.o.tify incredelity. My re..
thß.—Ar volt have bet.° selected by the Gam e. !octane. to believe, if any such feeling 'stated, arose
anent recently established in Paris, /or the office of from an opinion,that thy indepondenceof France brit,*
eon. ro i tvg one
of the public Journals of that Me-
Ficieurified with his cause, it could notoherefore. be a
t the anvils do France, my I.mottee of inditietenee with any who venerated the
you for the fellowiag
.doctrines of political freedom, awl wished to main.
mews are, I conceit*, doe to
rain their influence in other countries. That such is
remarks and quotations Which 'Wolfed 1422)* days the general opinion in France, your appointment
age in that Journal : l would afford sufficient proof. Fist the Ness is as
" Imo STATFAM4v. journal independent, von. !moth en hides as a guide to the puhlre mind, and
du A WiNhIPARTR et fi, Ilk fiction. doutait ehohro. 'lliad not the new Government been conscious of its un-
ti joule; sic nou„no, "le riaugre .pri„ popularity, the French Press might still heve been free•
unssater so fut rondo dui-ngtme au Capltain • • In conclusion, `;r, I shall again advise you, before
MAttLANO. s BosArAwrz anus bp parallels um e! you repeat your attack on en Independent Jeer.
e'icrie-tell. II doneensit volontiers An ditoreoll nalist, to consider well the situation in which you
aM. H.swvenos et so General Heave. Ce stand,-.-to pay some little respect to public opinion
qua lul wisp 4,,,,N00 eego quo to No4deiir and feeling in 'France, and not to make your cen.
dit
_quo Bowaestlva east embargo* le tandisque aortal function, which cannot but be offensive, eh
Is Gat a& tie Promo (clue en a.parie la premier') s annecessarily conipirioes.
slit le it 6• ya, ajoute-t-il, des contra. .1 have the honour to be, Sir; your most obedient
dir if patadka Batts les dates. des rapports Si Servant,
contradiduires el lint de prohabiliti tpeauctin d'euz ''''"a"9llwe• SI I). LOVELL -
teem e‘nit, ones se pouvons qu't:44ter 4 ajouter fol
• des nouvelles qui sent si directement en apposition
avec k mar continua."
Ab moo dier oases.

• TO M. CHEWY,
THE JRESPOVEIBLF. EDITOR OF THE GAZETTE
DE Flt ‘s.cE.

• TO 001 t RESPONONNTS.
The Serrind f titer or A FRIIIND TO TIC POOR AND A LATER
AA Jurnra is inadmissible in its preseet.shispe.—Tke Three
p,,iindv, inclosed towards a Subscription fir the Poor Man
I_aud h a Wife, are held at the writer's divptwal, ai It is ant
Is convenient to undertake the task of receiving SubseMptions.

It does not, I confess, excite any surprise &at
person rhoaen as the most proper instrument to roe ,
strain the free circulatiop of ideas, and to inietcept
all knowledge from the community in France, thouLl
be an enemy to the independent Press of umber
country, but surely it ni:ght have been expected 'that I
power so newly and so forcibly acquired, would have
been exercised at least with moderation, and that 'he
French although deprived of the blessing of
an unfettered Pres.*, might he been spared the in- !
u
Ault of bearing it assailed by misapplied sarcasm, Of 1.
calumnious invectite. m the per.onal characters
of 'hos, appointed by the French Court, to decide
what it may he permitted to Frenchmen to write god
to read, much regard to propriety,. liberality, or
good sense, could not have been expected ; yet we I
wanted the evidence of facts to convince us that they
could have the hardihood sh early in their cateer, to
tot at &littee the general known feelingxand wishes
of the French people. That evidence; Sr, yea have sup-
plied, by assailing a 'Journal which, whatever may be
Its imperf,ctions, isknown throghout Europe to he it,.
feriae to none in independence, one of its qualiqes,
to which the arselie de France. as well as mo..t of
the other Journals of the French awl's!, before their '
indeperninnce was wrested from them, have borne '
frequent and aospleteitimony. What an alteration •
in the tone of the &vie Ie France has the change
of stairs produced,—en alteration for which the
slavery of the Finch l'iees affords no adequate
cause, Were it soot combined with the contemptible
indiscretiow of glorying in its fetters, and of calling
epee the world to witness that it is no longer free.—
Believe me, Sir, that fact is as evident as it is la-
mentable, and you will best conceit the in-
terests of the Government that employ, you by en-
deavouring to conceal it. ss The ,Frerassteig,
alt
independent Journal, cold to Iloy.4t.inro and Ate
faction." flow becoming and how credible this sc.
casation in a Journal which dee. not possess freedom
enough to sell itself, and which avowedly receives
the instructions of its GovernOlOOt for this as well
as every other article it pabilisites. It is an accuse.
lien which it sloshd be on eenecessary waste of time
to confute. Had it even isseed frees sow tiosesPeeled
tours", it would have been animisty_ disbelieved,
in France from respect to BOmAPAOTI, in England
from respect tome. Yes, Sir, I my in France from re.
aped to Sowte.firrs, who hes twice aseeeded
tie
Ono! diked &sentry. wit 11 oust the assistince of foreign
troops, and who Ass nethPets expelled k Ittihad
their intervention. Aid iiw.linglenstfrens regret ee
one, who have given proofs suflicleet to eddy my
etrautrystal at least of my Istogrity cadet the ttett.
