a~~,-
~.

THE STATESMAN.

TO CORRESPON DENTS. jects without die comMantlingtatenis of that Chief ? • Maine*, US. 19.—1 n the Journal of this City
A WZSTIIINSTER PATRIOfiI Cidosndededion hots been rcceiv- It is 614 al* BONAtARTE objects to being divorced a very long article is taken froni the Frankfort Ga-
rd, and shall have an rally iipersiall.
.from the Archduchess MARIA Louisa: We cannot tette, relative to the acquisition of Poland by Rus-
believe that any proposition has been made to him sia. It states that Poland added to Russia will give a
for such consent by those who had a right to make most decisive preponderance in Europe ; that coun-
it. The protest of the Ex-Empress herself for the try, fortified by the Northern Ocean, is always at
rights of herself and son, if she has actually made liberty to carry its attacks Southward. Her troops,
such protest (and the one report is as well entitled accustomed to the most "frightful deserts and cli-
to credit as the other), sufficiently shows that she mates," will find nothing of fatigue in a Southern
looks to a reversion different from the fate to which campaign, while experience has proved that all at-
tempts to follow them home are fruitless and ruinous.
It finishes with this passage—" It is a most execrable
principle'to seize upon countries and their inhabit-
ants, as if they were beings without a will of their
own, like a field and its crop; and it has never been
contradicted, that a people so invaded have a just
right to make all possible resistance, a memorable
instance of which has been given by America, Swit-
zerland, and Spain."

;nat. line
;1
France

Lisbon
1
Hatabargb
... Holland
Malta ... ........ ...
. .

PRICK ,111 'MOCKS Tlll5 DAY AT ONK crcs.ucK
Sac. 238 j 9 Lyng. snn. 161 7-16
, per Cent. Ked 644 Nadia Booth 17 18 p
H per Cent C, lib. 661 Exchequer Milts 3. 6 p
4 per Cents. 89jj I Ehnuittm 21 d
b per Cent. Navy 9411 1 Comte fur Ace. 65j 5

rumour had consigned her. The opposition which
Austria nowfinds it necessary to make to the plans of
Prussia must show the tittle likelihood of a onion
such as has been mentioned between the houses of
Prussia and Austria. It is net easy, says the Times,
to conceive why BormAnrk's objections to a divorce
should be attended to. And would the Learned a-
vilian, who writes in this cruel way, consider it a
just dispensation were his objections in a similar

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

mosu.tv, FEattuany 6, 1815.
--law— •
French Papers to the 3d and 4th inst., have been

received since our last. Whatever political differ-
ences may exist among the negociators at the Con-
gress. the Sovereigns seem again on good terms. The
Pa pert received this morning bring us an account of
the long.projected sledge party to Schoenbrunn, in
which their respective Majesties. are represented as
driving each other's wives in the true sand AM
jorkey style, while 44 all irerjingling bells fantastic
Folly rings."
If any final arrangementi, lee been determined
upon in the Congress, they hate not yet transpired.
thedifficol ties relati►e to Saxony, dm instead of being
removed, are again asserted to be farther than ever from
being adjusted. We know not what degree of warmth

• unhappy predicament to be treated with equal con-
,
tempt? If this is his feeling and his idea of justice, he is
unworthy of the endearments which lighten adver-
t sity and humanise mankind. The august FREDE•
iiCK considers the momentary possession of a coon-
try, which he had obtained by following in the train
of Rowt44ture, and to which he has no other claim
to urge, just ground for requiring indemnity to an
equal extent; BONAPARTE, 'who has many more',
tights of this kind to urge, is conceived to have no
just claim even to his wife and family.
The following are from the Papers received this
forenoon :

VIENNA, FEB. 23.—For some time past oar

may be infesed Into the notes and discussions of the
Plenipotentiaries, but the statistical calculations in
which they ere represented as still engaged, appear
to us of the coldest and most repulsive sort. The
French Editors have long denominated the Congress
a bore, and on the subject of these execrable slave
trade higglings about the inhabitants to be trans-
ferred, we find the people of Vienna venting the
most biting jokes. They call the Commission for
adjusting the parcelling out of the countries and
people seised upon, " The Commission of Souls"
(La Commission des Ames). We would recommend
to.substitute instead of the word souls, that of car.
canes, or to amend the designation to La Commission
des Siquelletes (skeletons), as the political morality
■ow . preaching at Vienna may have a greater relit.'

Court Fetes have been discontinued, and yesterday a
heavy fall of snow afforded a favourable opportunity
for their renewal. A sledge party of the utmost
splendour took place. The sledges were decorated
In the most magnificent manner. The cushions were
of green velvet embroidered with geld; the harness
was covered with little silver bells. The Emperor
of Austria conducted the Empress of Russia. The
Emperor Alexander drove the Princess of Aners-
burgh ; the King of Prussia the Countess Julia
'Lich ; and the King of Denmark the Grand Duchess
of Weimar. Several of the Sovereign Princesses did
not chose to expose themselves to the severity of the
air. The whole illustrious party rendexfoosed at
Sanenbrunn, and returned the same night to.Vienne;
The Cosmographic Office has published • Report

tion to corporeal than to spiritual affairs,and be better
calculated to reduce men to skeletons, than to work
out the sal;ation of either soul or body.
The reply of the Austrian Cabinet to the Prussian
Note is expected Kith much anxiety. It seems the
plan (,f the Germanic Constitution, as proposed by
Prussia, lq, in the first place, that there shall be no
Emperor. Ambition is not content with raising itself
—it n,ust sink its neighbour. Another singular de-
mand is said to have been made by Prussia. She says
that having possessed Hanover in 1806, she must
bare an equivalent for it. The possession which
Prussia obtained of Hanover was momentary, andl

entitled The General Guide (L' Inclicaleur Universel).
It shows, that after the Treaty of Tilsit, the whole
territory of Prussia, including every thing, amounted
to 4958 square miles. With a population of 10
millions ninety-three thousand souls, a number at
least 40,000 beyond any former population of Prus-
Sia, even incloding Hanover, which she only pox-
sessed for a moment in 1806. In this calculation
the departments on the left bank of the Rhine to the
Moselle are taken at 1,921,000 inhabitants, which
is even perhaps exaggerated. The Baron de Lich-
tenstein is at the head of this Cosmographic Office.
VERONA, JAN. 18.—A large detachment of caval-

effected by violence: Her demand of an indemnity
for this act of aggression, is of a piece with ber con-
duct towards Saxony. This odd claim upon Lord
CaIIITLER AGM'S new-made kingdom is rather embar-
rassing, and with the utter waist of arrangement in
the other particulars of the negotiations, may ac-
count for the prolonged stay which, it is asserted,
his Lordship will be obliged to make at the Congress.

ry and infantry has been sent to clear the roads be-
tween this city and Mantua of the banditti which
infest them. They have attained a pitch of impu-
dence almost incredible. They lately stopped the
Vienna Courier, and after taking from him his dis-
patches, wished him good day, telling him that every
thing went on well. 1
PALERMO, JAN. Court of Sicily has con-

\Ve are informed at home, that his Lordship has in-
timated to his colleagues, that " he cannot return
to England before the end of this month, the nego.

tided its interests entirely to those Soveieigas who
are allied to it by either blood or treaty.
VIENNA, JAN. 23.—The difficulties relative to

ciations having met with new and unexpected diffi-
culties." What his coadjutors are to do in this case
is tint yet clear to any understanding without the pale
of the Cahinet—perhaps not even to their own ; but
the dilemma is doubtless a distressing one at head-
quarters ; a number of new and important measures,
as well as expiring laws, demanding the immediate
attention of Parliament.

Saxony, instead of being removed, appear to assume
a more serious appearance, Prussia Wring rejected
every other proposal which has been made to.her.—
That Power has declared, that having possested Han-
over in 1806, she demands au equi►alent no. for the
loss of it, having the same claim to it as Austria hat
on Venice. She repeats all her old arguments of dis-
tance, want of cultivation, &c. of the Countries of-

IVe find by the Papers received to-day that Italy 1 fered to her; and, in shorty insists upon Saxony--
is in a state of convulsion, and that it will require • She acknowledges that the country on the left bank
all the energies of the Congresss to repress the vol. lof the Rhine may be good, but that it will cost im.
clinic eruption which threatens the peace of the Con. 1 mense RUM to construct fortresses, drc. hcc. &c. The
tinent from that quarter. Austria, it appears, has reply of Austria is hourly expected. No- doubt it
by one of those indiscreet engagements which poli will be firm and well composed.
tics and zeal mixed together seem to have led to, ± in the plan of the German Constitution, proposed
and the consequences of which might well have been by Prussia, there is no Emperor.
foreseen, after recent events has guaranteed to the I A Public Journal, in alluding to the Prussian ob.
Pup'e the restoration of those provinces which Mo. jections, says, that if sterility of country is to be
stAT occupies ; and as the latter appears of BONA. • argued on, all Germany ought to be evateated, and
r t RTE'S opinion that his Holiness's kingdom is not of the fertile provinces of Turkey seized upon, sending
this world, in other words refuses to make the required " the Turkish dogs" to occupy the cold lands of Po.

restitution, the sor-rei4ii Pontiff is roaring like one land and Russia.

of his own Bulls ie their better days for the rights NAPLES, JAN. 14.—Yesterday the king presided
of the Church. The Pon: is undoubtedly playing a at a Council Extraordinary, at which, for the first
.•

dangerous part; but he Lkows that BoNAPARTE is time, the Queen assisted—it lasted six hours. The
in Elba, and, though his Neapolitan Majesty could report is renewed that Austria will at least disconti-
overwhelm him in a couple of days, yet there is a nue our alliance, even if site does not take part
host of piety in his Most Christian Majesty, and against us ; and this is confirmed by the conduct of
sufficient fanaticism, or the mockery of zeal, if there the Pope, who would not venture, unsupported, to
be nothing else, in the breasts of the other restored ' adopt his late strong measure towards us, as we
Monarchs, to back him in his holy attempts to re. could, in two days, dispossess him of all his posses-
new the age of corporeal as well as mental slavery. Isions ; indeed, it is even said that orders are cdreculy
There is some mention made of an intention on ! gives: for our• troops to occupy Rome—bat, on the
the part of the Austrian Monarchy to form its ha. other side, they say that such a measure would

Tian territories into a kingdom, with a separate Con. draw upon us the hostility of all Europe Ilsoviever
stitation like that of Hungary or Bohemia, states this may be, certainty much anxiety prevails io oar
_ _

%!,I:ich are occasionally told that though they are Court.

united to the Austrian Crown, they possess separate: BRUSSELS,. JAR. SO.—Our troops are all in mo.

independence, but which perpetually feel they have tion, as are those also of Prussia, whose army on
none. Is this project connected with any scheme to the borders of the Rhiue is far more numerous than
voi;re fIuNAPARTE to power ? And does the Ern- is supposed, and the troops of the best class. No-

pPrOr Fu.tNcls despair of managing his Italian sub- thing of the cause of this is at present known.

.•?`._

ENZ.
from the River
isd remain.—Ar,
prim prize, ei,d
is 'Arcade, °food
Indies : she we,
tnvoy, but spokn
led that an Arne.
Channel. Also
✓ London; %es. 1
privateer puss„
by two
iaa brig St. Xi,
s R/tiw, Binerni
eral ships to the
d.
lerdsi the r
won.
killed the (4'Q.
rileY the Prince
Lord Nelson '
packet, for Got.
.he .idive, with
ay the Jk'per '1
der 79, Com.
['rarer DI, tilt
.om Woolwich,
C tba
47th met,
from a reen,,cli
f on a tock
!II aunts Islands
Ind one seaman
the crew (13 ia.
Friday !light to
1!_i."40 ved
itt the attempt.
ad Chas. Jack.'
he former len..
er a wife, being
Se cargo floated
was plundered
ince been reco.
gh it good deal
tstorog.
trage was corn.
me of Deakin,
As, the parti-
raper at the
covered as to
eet, and trans.
that be would
of his misfor-
r. packing up
is feared, tuts
his former sc. ;
r cats any accts. I
him, although ,
ds offered for
inued in rather
outrage at the
ansions are em
tened his fate;
thibarbartres •
treated him is
in finishing
t anonymous
eatening that
Shepherd and
make it more
The folly.
er rennirlribln
heels' indusatn
ritten Joseph
en, I thought I
I will remember
oods by refusing
I*
T. 41.
ilf gNT.
Agee, or are
)epartment of
ds Mr. Ales-
Mc. William
▪ vacated by
t is sald, will
Beard.
41101/010010
ROM 0.
ad; and, it
of the En-
:t is further 1
to have the
in lieu of I
e Board of
I will be ap-
Aserve, (hit
ttrentel.. °
vire, w
ry Repot ti,
ud 501,
‘Vhitwort!,',.
tr. Plunkett
The grelt
, as Register
and, recmr-
f Secrets
!nt situatioi,
.d it be for
• useful his
acts of tills
office, than
•
