TO THE EDITOR OF THE STATESILLIC

Stty—The tender-hearted and contiderate Me.
M'KEattet.t. has published in the last Number efo
that amiable and useful work, The .infi-inadire
Review, his correspondence with Mr. liftefiftimat.
It is quite in character for him to Tay claim toe pip
or two of a publication, which has leimared so long
and so hard to destroy the liberties of England, and
to bring distress and slavery, not only oo our mew
country, but on almost every nation of the habit.
able globe. No one will envy his being illuminated
by such a glory as 79te Jan-Jacobin &rine is com.
potent to throw around him, which must resemble
the blue dame of the infernal regionS, so well de.
scribed by the Poet? Mr. M'RnaaaLt. talks slack
of what has been said of him, and of its falsehood;
but he does not taeat us with a perusal of the evi.
donee that was thonet, by his Plank, to culled
hid! to the kill/ration of the poih*; I am enabled,
by possessing the Liverpool Mercury, of Friday, th!
"diet *two, skim that pift or his evidence iS
published, to as* 4xs in this nape*.
The following is correctly transcribed
Q. Do you mean to reoreseit, that In else conga sphuset
general, the wee are now gain* es mesh as they 'utudikt dem
any former period of time ?-4i: Mort wettalnlfest r Sheyreisil,
some WI or fear Tenn ago, Wel Owl es sung et May vigil
fo yerit,
O. Rhea did en% te4 6401 !!PPII!'!'"• The ,Ails
took Piave $n 44
Q. Do you mean to repreient that the men pia ore npaadt
as Se* °licit le itilp 1-4 k. It It ii:disossibie fofme sated, I.
ituf.vtlop, resod it d. pf wit it wee, wee of iste t
thisigis is nittiii as I tuita tag oval 14{44.
Q. 2 aP Oide I'M era 0110110 !dot Eiffifidalillite•
when you as they salsa tires times a itackas Orgy wyk 7.•1
A. Yes t I meant with reetruitOno what eq. wightlipotrf
theb4roowwnirterffrrriap
d;:itasalp, m=assi
the rrtv 4antessirs ".!a.raW,4ll7llle. ist
1804. NotWogr•?l4/11, 1104416froti Wet Of 'KWh
and that' they are orenotonted am, pit tom •
irons Anti from.

q. IA 'bat wooer slo 704 afPlifttlid fit kV) rem 4
the poor he sohlisgol society? A. 411111181,001Mrit
to Abuts totally &ramose Its thedmitswebo Efe.
Q. What le s cries Oo you albs& mow kWh,/ Oki afriebt, b 7
thous wages, withla the resat ethos pscr pets*, which I
world be dangerous to society != hs have ?-4: I woe
beg kave to state the part/min we the Well 4/It Clap
gent and Paisley. The lute ste walk Oat to 4101D66,riiisper:
trsyagaot, that I should suppose, aro* Inge?, GOUIG TO
CHURCH; you would see TWO OR IRREIt THOUSAND.
6141.1 IN SILK 5T00{42109, andirtuddy es Nov
ROOMS! the rut strc toss the Ulna Compaq
weal mg Gaols puma; fat theui—tkeir au* owl
upon Me same system !I 7—BAAV
Thus, Ycw" will Pireeive, that when thp popr pal
nafacturers of gntlaqd were acknowledpd tote in
such a state as by no pootiblp ottottion of bodily
labour to be able tq ern as mach as Tfuld affor4
them sufficient food tq kV !poi and body together,
his evidence was, " but libink iheyl tIrMUG',
. .
as they OUGHT' to gain." •

Will any man then say, that his meanie( srate
represented by Mr. BROM:IMAM? Wipid nod Tar
of these unfortunate people, even it this timer be
glorf to have as much work as would produces plea.
tiful supply even of the oatmeal Wielded to in the
papers; but will any one say, that either that work
or that wages war enough ?
One part of his evidence was es the Roar la
see, that some years ego wages wens so high, sada*
the females in Glasgow and raki,; ototeeo pamper.
ed, that nothing would content them bet tongs kr
their cheeks, and silk stockings; and that, se atm
tired, and so painted, it was not smailmano
for two or three thousand of them to Etta
Divine Service; if this be true, and no ose
Will doubt ft, at Mr. APKaansu has Voted
dt
is it not a good argument for the liberal Moot of
the working part of the community ; for when be'
fore was it thought a crime by an Englishman,
of
even by a Scotehman, that a female should awe,
well dressed at church, even although she hod k
bourcd honestly the whole week to enable her b'
appear? I hope Mr. WlCEauct.t will answer t
question ; and I should take it as a favour, if hi
would let us know how many of Ms fence:tots wet
silk stockings

LONDON:
IRIDA7, 11610114111 2, 1811.

The annals of history never recorded a greater
instance Of IGNORANCTIN aernierti, than the act
of our Ministers in publishing a Gazette Ertraer- !
dinars en Wednesday night, containing the Dia.!
pitches from Lord CrigtAßT, at St. Petersburgh, in
which the Emperor Amusing", claims a sigual TIC•
Taal. over the French on the 7th of last month, at
the Brest battle of Moskwa. It would he difficult
to assign a reason fir the publicsihin of- these dia.
patckseAlskammossass of weste was se aisiti ilea - •
tuned thatit c3uld net well ^pe the moelreistser:
Eclat observer. It the politicians in the City,
and at tile Court end of-the town, had suffered them-
sclves to be imposed upon by minus letters and
papers, with which the metropolis was inun.
tl
silted on Wednesday, and which were given in the
second, third, and fourth EDITIONS of the Courier,
and echoed in all the other evening Journals, except
the SraesswArr, it which tilt imposition was de.
tected. It is not the Government alone that are to
blame on this occasion ; the Daily Journalists are
always ready to lend themselves to any base pur-
pose, if it will enable them to rends few additional
papers, and gratify some of their partizan:, who are
frequently interested in the imposition. There is
likewise a failing in a certain portion of the pea.;
pie, to give credit to any foolish and improba-
Me report, that tends to gratify their feelings
for a few days, or czar a few hours.—As
a proof of this, it is only necessary to mention
rations reports of the battles of Austerlitz, Prussian
F.) lau, Jena, &c. which decided the fate of the
Continent, although they were for a length of time
discredited, and represented by most of the English
Journals as fatal to BUNAP kRIE. This mischief and
deception must, in a great degree, be attributed to
the inconsistency, ignorance, or venality of the
Barrisit .1011ItNA-Li, a majority of which are con-
ducted by men of contracted ideas, illiberal senti-
ments, and raequytieal habits.
Nothing more effectually tends to bring the Press
into disgrace, than the contemptible and pitiful
calumny which the Miuisterial Journals are con-
tinually issuing forth age.itist the :'seven Fmrlttort.
—The Times of to-day has its battery of
abuse against Na.rax.colt in its comments on the
Nineteenth Bulletin— " the monstrous barbarity
which it contains," says this feeling writer, " would
have swallowed up all his sentiments in indignation,
had he not been relieved by dirgust"—in this situa.
ion of mind, the pabiic arc to bo disgusted with
.1 intemprate ebullition of malignancy, bursting
from the mind of the writer, without reason, jos.
tice, or truth ; but after having disembogucd what
was evidently a paroxism of passion, the writer
cools again, and reason resumes its scat, which may
be seen in the following paragraph :--
" Nothing can be mere paltry than to fatter our.
selves, or oar allies, by false reasoning, or by a
pretence of believing what is inconsistent with all
rt ason. We shall, therefore, altogether discard every
eitempt to shew that it was part of the Russian plan
to abandon Moscow. Such a plan would have been
the extreme of folly, as well as the height of bar-
barity. What! give up without a blow the ancient
eapltal, and, therewith, great part of the ancient ha-
