THE STATESMAN

the most favourable terms, wbuld be deitratlation.—
It would be an acknowledgment of right which does
not elite, and a mere adoption of gilded slavery.—
Or men, 'Who think, write, and set, as the Ameri-
cans have done; nothing of this soot• tan be siitiei-
piled: and, were they disposed for eawsbnciliation,
by making sacrifice., on what could the), found •
confidence of security in the enjoyment of Totoft'nod
privileges? Not, sorely, in tint virtues of Fenn.
band ; nor, in the Holy Alliance itself; for the
daily articles of news from the Continent display
proofs, that it is at war with liberality and popular
tights. A few days ago it was announced, -that
/Austria had ordered, that throughout its Italian ter-
autogiro,' no work should be committed to the press,
till it had undergone revision by an Imperial senior.
• An article from Berlin, In elate raper, announces,
shot notwithstanding all his promises, there is
bo intention on the part of the King of Prussia to
grant his subjects a constitution. In troth, the
Americans have only to thetnselves, and the justice of
their cause, to look for safety end the possession'
of their rights. To themselves they will look ; and
whenever the offer of mediation is made, unless on
the terms we have supposed, it will be rejected with
disdain, as coming from parties who hate uo right to
tutermeddle.—( Rockingham )

iIhiNCIIESTER COTTON SPINNE

lir
..

On Thursday morning there was a large Meeting"
of the Manchester Weavers, held in St. George's.
fields, attended by standards, with inscriptions upon
them; and they marched in the same order that the
other bodies have observed to the town of Stockport,
whence they returned in the evening.
About 12 in the forenoon of the same day, a body
of Spinners acted upon a new principle. nerving
formed in regular order of march, they attacked
three factories in succession with stones, with sera
tepidity, that they effected their intended mischief
before the Magistrates could arrive to arrest their
.progress; but on their approach, on a signal glens. ,
with a peculiar kind Avery or suppressed shoot, they ,
fled and were no more seen. They br.)ke many
windows with tremendous showers of stone., and
seriously injured a person who had the spirit, on-,
supported, to seize one of them. These cirrom.
'lances brought together an immense multitude of
persons, the foremost of whom was, as we usually
observe with pain, a vast concourse of children.—
Parents, from common humanity, should keep them
within doors.
Yesterday, in the forenoon, a large body of
Weavers 'gain assembled in St. George's-fields, for
the avowed purpose of marching in the style already
explained, with numerous fills and music, to
Ashton•iiiider-Line, where a General Meeting of
'various bodies was to congregate. They set out and
got as far as Fairfield, but were there checked in
their progress by General Sir John Byng, the Magi.
strafes, the Borougbreeve, a force of cavalry, and
many Police officers. Mr. Wright, the Borough.
reeve, and Sir John, entered into explanations with
them, read to them the Public Notice, and the
Weavers felt so conscious that their mode of pro.
cedore was not jostifiable, that they simultaneously
turned from their object, and, being so 'Arrived,
lowered their colours and returned hose, That this
peaceable disposition will gain them many Mends,
there can be no doubt.
The Magistrates, Boroughteeve, Constables, and
Military, then proceeded to the town of Ashton.
under-Line, and assembled in the Town-hall depu.
Cations from those working classes who were holding
the proposed Meeting. Acting upon that spirit of
moderation which had already proved so successful,
they again read the Public Notice, accompanied by
suitable observations; and we feel most happy in
stating that good sense prevailed so completely in
this instance also, that the Meeting at large, which
vas esceeditt*ly numerous, broke up, and retired
peaceably to their respective districts.
Thus situated are the inhabitants of Manchester.
Yet they owe much to the prudent forbearance, as
well as the active personal attentions of the Magis-
trates. Matters are, however, at length arrived at
such a point, that decision becomes a duty ; and we
safer our Readers with sincere satisfaction to the
public caetion issued under their signature, wherein
they explicitly state what will he their future lire of
conduct, and their reasons fur that conduct. These
are explained with such justness and propriety, that
they will carry with them the approbation of all men
of judgment and humanity. The past week has been
one of continual alarm and confusion.
John Milne, Esq. the Coroner, having summoned
a respectable Jury, proceeded yesterday to investigate
the cause of the death of Thomas Brooks, the spin.
tier, aged 22, who died in the Infirmary on Thurs.
day morning, in consequence of the wounds he re.
ceived in the attack made upon Mr. Gray's factory
about neon on the Wednesday. It appeared in the
course of the evidence that he was a most active as.
&silent on that occasion ; and the Jury, after a p..
tient investigation of eight hours, daring which. many
witnesses were examined who were spectators of the
whets transaction, returned a verdict of Josiffsahle
homicide on the part of the defenders of the mill.
Indeed it is hardly necessary to repeat en asiom
which has been maiutained and enforced so often by
our enlightened Judges, that it is lawful and right
for men to defend their property, and, if assailed, to
Issue recourse to the most severe remedies for its
preservation,--(Wheeler's Manchester Chronicle,
Sept. 5.)
PUNLIC CAUTION.
a' Whereas the town of Manchester hat for some those past
;sera greatly disturbed and agitated by the assembling of multi-
tudes of permits. engaged in unlawful combinatiom, who base
walked in procession through the public streets;
8' „lad whereas, within the last two days, enitrages of a most
daring and desperate nature have beets cum sited by the
Joorseyraen Cotton Spinners and othersotho have abstracted
the peaceable and well-disposed inhabitants in the lawful pur-
suit of their trade, and have attacked the Mills and some of the
blasters, where theiri Spinners have been at work.
• Now we, the undersigned Magistrates for the Division of
Manchester. do declare, that we have with deep regret observed
the long continuance of these assemblies and precessions of the
voloninri y anemployed labourers in the clitoral trades of this
di.trict, which we have forborne to interfere with, in the hope
that the good sense 011ie individnals concerned therein would
have retursted.mod that the peace and order of the sews would
have been restored without resorting to stmog legal measures,
tot inasmuch as forbearance has bad the effect only of radar:.
log evils of a more dangerous tendency, we feel ourtelves booed
ponliely lampooner, that the before-mentioned 'assemblies
and processions are in oar joilgoeut illegal, and dangerors to
the public pence.
• And w e hereby caution an persons henceforward to attain
(rout magi g in such proceedings ; and we earnestly mom-
.

mend all persons to remain in their own houses, or at their law- i
fool occapatinia, and avoid going into any parts of the town
where these disorders may prevail.
" And we do farther declare our determiantiolo to disperse
andprevent nth unlawful and dangerous assemblies and pro-
celistows as may rtforrshis notice appear in the public streets;
' and by all lawful means to protect the well-disposed and halos-
' taiss,t and to tiring tr justice such as shall be found (tread-
lagispitpot the Ipws.—Witness our heads, this 4th Sept. 1018.
4, ft. WRIGHT. C. W. N.TH ELSTON,
t• "W. MA.RaIOTT. J. NORKI10."
In the moan time the Weavers at Asbton-under.
Lino had assembled in great numbers, expecting the
arrival of the Spinners from Manchester. Upon
being addressed, however, by the Magistrates, they
were prevailed on to disperse goietly.

CHESTER ASSIZILY, Sm.&

Jacob Mock Vet a dyer, of Stockport, in this
county, was indicted, as implicated in the riots which
took piaci hr that town on the 15th, 16th a9d 17th
of July last Mr. Geoid', a most respectable manu-
facturer' gave evidence, that he employed near three
hundred spinners and weavers at his machinery in
that town ; end in consequence of some of the per-
sons in his employ leaving their 'imitators and retro.
log to work, he was ender the necessity of sending to,
Berton.epon.Trent for others to supply their place,
who were females, whom hi lodged, on their arrive,:
at Stockport, in his factory, going to which place
they were beaten and loaded with mud by the popu.
lacei- who Mae broke the windows of his factory,
and threw stones at their highly respectable Miles.
trate, Mr. Harrison, when reading the Riot Act, by
which a horse was knocked down. The mob attacked
Mr. Garaide's carter, with a load of cotton, and beat
him. The Prisoner, Hinchcliffe, broke some of the
windows of the factory, by throwing stones at the
'girls therein from Burton. Mr. Garside bad several
stones thrown at himself, which struck him on the
back, the atones being brought to the street by boys,
fur the purpose of being thrown by the men ; and'
Hinchcllfie saga particularly active in encouraging the
sinaine of tt (Jug-nt a very inflammatory nature, ac.l
companiod by a blind tidier, for whom he made a
ring, in order that he might be surrounded by the
populace, then infuriated. Mr. Garside was under
the nit Pointy of withdrawing these women from his
factory, by a judicious manoeuvre, to a house in the
neighbourhood. the window shutters of which were
afterwards pulled down, and entry into the house in
pert made throeght6o windows ; but further depreds.
tions were ;monied by the arrival of Sir John
Firming Leicester's troop of Cheshire Yeomanry Ca-
valry. Mr. Serjeant BUT very emphatically men.
tioned to the Prisoner, that had he been indicted ca.
pickily, which he might have been, he should have left
him for elocution. He was found Guilty, and men.
tented to three years' imprisonment, and fined Is.
Tito Prisoner was very much affected.
The Counsel for the prosecution, Mr. Attorney-
Getters! (Beriyou), and Mr. Crosi ; for the Prisoner,
Mr. Williams.

Jos. Baker, indicted for 'the same offence, Guilty.
ientence—one year's imprisonment and Is. fine.

LONDON SESSIONS.I

The", gessions were yesterday held at Guildhall,
before the Lord Mayor, the Common Serjeant, and
several Aldermen. The Recorder was absent, from
indisposition.
After the Grand Jury bad been sworn, thn Cow-
-1110:4 PERJEANT addressed them. He lamented that the
Calendar before him presented such an unprecedented
list of prisoners, and so great a body of crime. The
list of those committed for alleged offences itt the
City of London was more than double the number
sent berme the Grand Jury ; but he was happy to
say, that the cases did nut appear to be of at( atro.
cirrus natoie. If the Jury required any (mimetic',
the Collo would be happy to give it. Ile would only
call their attention to too points, that were of a tra•
tare upon which the Grand Jury were not often ad-
dressed. They were now a complete Jury °tits ent.y.
three; and, by the law, no hill could be returned by
them as true, unless a majority of twelve agreed upon
it. It often happened that some of the Jurors left
the room, ny which means the original number was
loosened. In such a case they were bound to return
their Mk or ignore them, by a majority of twelve
also ; any contrary proceeding would be informal in
the eye of the law. The veal point was, to press
upon them the necessity of exercising the utmost emo-
tion where caves. of perjury were sent before them.
They should take care to see that the charge did not
emanate from malice, or the warmth of litigation.
They shoald by no means listen to the testimr,ny of
one witness alone in support of such a charge, as that
would merely be " oath against oath." The evidence
of a second person was, therefore, absolutely neces-
sary; or, in the absence of that person, recta papers
lend documents as would be calculated to confirm the
tpreseeetnr in his charge.
W Westover was indicted for 'smiting W. Over-
'aft in the'inereise et Ids duty as a constable.
The Defendant was tho driver of the Exeter Mail,
from which 'illation he tad beets discharged. 'On
,the day specified In the indictment, he was sent for
'to the Swan with Two Necks, to take the Mail, in
.cnnsequeoce of the absence of one who was unwell.
'When he came to the inn he was intoxicated, and in
-consequence he was not seffered to drive. Ile theft
abased Mr. Waterhouse, the innkeeper, who was
compelled to send for the Prosecutor. The latter,
upon bis ordeal, found him behaving in a most dis-
orderly emmpet in the tap-rootn„ and on endeaiour.
lag to remove hie" he grossly insulted taw—Ver-
dict Guilty, and sentenced to one month's irnpri-
soneseet.
Mr. Fisch, a wine-merchant, in Conper's.row,
`tower-hill, was found Guilty of assaulting Rebecca
Kemp, his niece and servant, and was sentenced to
pay a fine of 51.

Yesterday as a carriage was returning from the
country, on its arrival between the Elephant and
Castle and Charing-cross, some villains cut the straps
which festeried a trunk between the boot and seat of
the cassisge, atul after calling the straps In six or
eight places, they' succeeded in getting, elf with the
trunk, containing saleable articles of female wearing
apparel and jewellery.
Cooms.—A Correspondent says, that cbstic,.form-
, ed into I pastes 'will tore these astuoysoces.

.811L)DLESEX SESSION)11; Actf.T. 7..
The, litfisfdlesss Sessional it Hick's-
hell, Cleskenwell, this day.„ ;Veal*, Esq. obi=
dated as Chsttmen. '

After the Grand Jury were sworn,
The Ca*lttslAty said, that the Wender, though
formidableln point of the number of cases it contain-
ed, was yet so free from any out of the ordinary
coarse of crime, which Gentlemen of their expe-
rience were in the habit of considering whilst acting
•as Grand Jurors, that it would be a waste of their
time were be to refer them to the nature of any par.
titular cases which would fall under their enquiry.—
He was convinced they would do their duty in rise-
mining the cases (hat would fall under their observa-
tion, and he had only to regret that the number
which they most necessarily famine would' occupy a
very large portion of their time.
The Grand Jury then withdrew to consider their
bills.
The business of the day was vety unimportant—it
entirely consisted of cases of common assault, which
were devoid of any general interest.
'William Mitchell was indicted for assaulting Wm.
Clarke, while in the discharge of his duty, as keeper
of the bounds of Horosey.common, under the Bishop
of London.
Mr. HOLLAND stated, that the Defendant was a
respectable farmer, residing in the vicinity, of Horn-
soy, the common of which district had been In great
part enclosed by an Act of the Legislature, pasied in
the year 1813. This Act had been infringed by the
Defendant, and the keeper assaulted in the dis-
charge of his duty• It was for the Jury to say whe-
ther the Defendant was Ridley of that assault.
William Clarke said, he knew the Defendant, who
was a farmer, residing near Hornsey. Oratlssi 15th
of May, witness saw some of Mr. Mitchell's cattle
on the common, at Hornsey ; they remained there
until the 2lst, when witness went and drove them to
the pound ; while in the act of doing so the Defend-
ant assaulted him.

Cross.eaamined—He drove the cattle to the minor
pound; he took out two warrants against others,
besides Mr. Mitchell, for infringement .►f the common
bounds. He got a guinea from one for not following
up the prosecution. Ile never refesed to swear that
Mitchell struck him, until the Magistrate said that
nothing could be done to maintain the,warrant ue.
less he did so. Ile did not know who employed the
attorney in this case.
Thomas Taylor saw the Defendant assaulting Wit.
liam Clarke 'ben be was removing the cattle to the
pound.
The son of Writ. Clarke also corroborated the fact
of the assault.

Mr. ADOLPHUS addressed the Jury for the Defend.
ant, and said, that it was evident, from the manner
in which the Prosecutor followed up some cases, and
commuted others for pecuniary considerations, ibat
public justice was not his object.
Verdict—Guilty. Sentence—A fine of 101.
J. Upton was convicted of an assault on the same
common.keeper, while driving of some sheep be-
longing to Mr. Adamson, the master of the Defend.
ant, and sentenced to pay a fine of 40s.
Martha Bloomfield was indicted for assaulting
John Clifton, a watchman, in the discharge of his
duty.
The watchman stated, that he was called on the
night of the 2zd of May by a Mr. Ruddy, who re-
sides hi East Smithfield, to carry away the Prisoner,
who, with two other females, was creating a dictorh-
once in the passage of his house. He obeyed Mr.
Ruddy's order, and while in the act of removing the
Prisoner she struck him two violent blows, he then
carried her to the watch•house.
The two females who were with the Prisoner di-
rectly contradicted the watchman's testimony, and
charged him with having committed the assault.
Verdict— Plot Guilty.
James Phill(ps and Ann Phillips, were indicted
for creating a riot in the front of the house of John
Bernard.

John Bernard said he was a straw-honnet-maker,
residing at No. 38, South.street, Manchester-square;
he lived there seven years, and the Defendants re-
sided next door, and in the same trade, for about
be years. At two o'clock, on the 40th of Jun., he
saw the female Prisoner standing at the door of his
shop, and using towards him the most abusivri lan-
coage. lie remonstrated with her upon her impro-
priety, and the other Prisoner (her husband) came
out and joined with her in making a noise and col-
lecting a crowd outside the door. Ile immediately
went and indicted them. The noise made by the Pri-
soners had collected a great crowd about his door, to
the injury of his business.
In the cross•esamination of this witness it did not
appear that the crowd outside the door bad taken
any part in the squabble between the neighbours;
and therefore the indictment for a riot was untenable
against the Defendants, who were accordingly ac-
quitted.
Ann Giks was indicted for assaulting Eliza TM-
bed.
_ The facts of this case, which the Ladies thought s.
fit subject for legal investigation, were simply as fol.
hew
' The Prosecutrix was housekeeper to a Gentle.
man residing in Stratford-place, and the Defendant
was his cook-maid. The Ladies, it appeared, had
not lived on the best terms, but the different nature
of their occupations, with the advantage of their
holding apartments distant from each other, in a spa.
ctious reansioo, enabled them to live on cool terma
under the same roof, without ezactly in►olving the
whole household in their quarrel. It, however, un.
fortunately happened that the master of the house
went out of town, and left a favourite dog its charge
of the housekeeper, with particular directions to
wash it, mires% twice a week, and then rub it, dry
with flannel before the fire. The housekeeper pain-
fully divulged the secret to her master of the coolness
that subsisted between her nod the Lady in the
kitchen, and the probability that poor Theodore':
skin ;would he more frequently dried no the dra wing.
room carpet by the heat of the sun, than before the
cook's fire in the kitchen.
The master, with becoming poignancy, lamented
that this difference should subsist between suet, im-
pudent branches of his household, but persevered in
desiring that his dog should he duly bathed, dried,
and rubbed, and added, that if 64 his business" could

keeper
11rer
ihr
as
dn
saheitsed authorityb oo t. at: lieiliciihnegalioslifs,
blaze if she could nut appease her hostility.
cooulddret:rletgaofithith,hteatandorwnalislhlrhotut g7tord.lo wlenottiourteheekniiren;;
proce-s of dry rubbing,
the rook la
protested against this invasion of her precincts-1i;
protest was answered by the flinging a pail of wit"
upon the fire—the housekeeper being determined to
and si.
obey the strict letter of her master',
tinguish the fire which the dog could not enjoy. A
parley of very short du rationili.,n took piace botwilit
the Ladies--the appeal to liras was lllMnit the 14,
osenieneous consequence.—and when the fontmse,o4
other servants op mails came down, attracted by%
noise, they beheld the two ladies extended ea tits
ground, engaged in very close combat, while Pat
Theodore stood by the shivering umpire, and el.
conscious cause of the dreadful rencontre.
• Cross indictments were then resorted to by ilio
parties, but the present Dofendant, before the Its.
gistrato at blerlborough•street, consented to Hy
linquish her charge against the Prosecetris ; the
latter, was not, however, so forgiving, and insist.
ed on taking the opinion of a Jury. She had nee
the benefit of her choice, for the Jury acquitted the
Defendant.
The Court was occupied for the remainder Odle
day in bearing cases of trivial assault.

I

!

fa

"1"11,14111111.
• •
4010,
the h
eels.o
the co,
tr. . 4
ed his
enjoy
t 1
