•

SPAIN, SOUTH AMERWA, ASIO rite In.
4LLIANCE.

The Note of the Court of Madrid, which his re-
cently been made public in this country, though it is
formed with more skill than State Documents in gene.'
ral, betrays the °Vision which the Spanish King and
his Ministers entertain of the Holy Alliance. This
Alliance may be justly regarded as a convention for
the security of despotism ; for the preservation of tl,e
privileges usurped by the Continental Monarchs:
and especially for the destruction of that spirit of
liherty which is the harbinger of hope to the
slaves of power ! The Dilly Alliance Sovereigns
intend we are told, to mediate between the corn.
hatants; and if the Patriots will nut accede to
their wishes, it is hinted that force will be em.
played. The questiots et issue lies bet ween a Despot
and his former slaves—between the conquerors and
the conquered, who have resolved to be free—be-
tween usurped power and the Peoples' rights ; and
if the Sovereigns should unite with the Spanish King,
it is evident, that the progress of reason, justice, and
liberty, is inconsistent with their wishes and preten-
sions. The right of Spain to the Colonies, is founded
on the sword—a title so base in its origin, that it wi-
thers away as soon as the People disoin it. The na-
tives, for reasons which they deem powerful, have
discarded their obedience, pronounced their will, and
set up a Government for themselves. Every at.
tenipt of the King of Spain to regain the coon.
try, is en attack on the jot rights of mankind
—an attack on the right which the inhabitants
possess to adopt such a mode of Government as they
deem most conducive to their interests. The Patriots
form the great majority ; they are not a faction, or a!
combination of lite few aphis, the many ; therefore:
they_are not rebels—a nation casitsret rebel. No.
thing ran be more certain, titan that South America
has tint flourished under the tyranny of Spain; the!
its commerce' has been cramped, its energies im.'
paired, its favoured situation rendered almost use.
IPsS, its laws incompatible wills liberty, and their
administration abused. To get rid of these evils,
the South Americans threw off the burden which
their oppressors imposed, and broke the yoke
under which they had so long groaned; and, after
they had declared themselves free, the servile mittions
who were seat to subjueste them, if they were sta.
tires, were rebels, atsSif net, they were foreign in-
graders. Time cannot sanction iniquity, nor can the
lapse of ages convert injustice into justice; there
no Royal method, of changing wrong into right.—
Locke tells us, " The first conqueror, never haring
had a title to the land of the country, the People,
who are the descendants of, or claim under those'
who were forced to submit to the yoke of a Govern-
ment by constraint, have alira,ys a right to shake it
off. The end of government is the good of man-
kind; and which is best for mankind, that the Peo-
ple should he always exposed to the boundless will of
tyranny, or that the Rulers should be sometimes li-
able to be opposed?" •
The Monarchs nn the Continent should attend to the hints'.
linos in their own comatrie.„ endeavour to shape them to snit
the manners and feelings of the times, to rectify their errors,
and correct their otiose,. By pur.uing such a course, they
would make their Thrones more stable. ensure the succession of
their descendants. nod unites their subjects with them in the bands
of love. They would he hailed as the shepherd: of the flock,
which would submit with reverence and delight. Kut by ex-
hibiting all haired of liberty, and an abhorrence of necessary
innovation, they will generate an implacable ill-will, a Inch
standing armies cannot destroy. All of the political. many of
the moral and some of the physical evils which Nations suffer.
are the efff4ts of bad Government. To lessen these. mould be
snore productive of trite -fur:,, than cutting the throats of
a hundred thousand men.de,ol,iiing extrusive provinces, burn
lug nomeroins tow as, or blow ing up vast fleets iii the air 1—
'f lie it odd will, err long. he sick of such Moody tragedies,
which are mere farces to the great ; the glory whirls springs
from them will soon go out of fashion, and then some but dr.,
moo. will ;idolise it. Bad laws and had government are the
result of entrusting the mighty affairs of nations to men of little
knowleder, and 10"-s talent. %%ha! can this country expert
(ions the exertion% of laird Castlereagh ?—a own, neither great
as a Siates:nan, as an ((rotor, a. a Writer. nor as a Philosopher!
—one, who never spoke or wrote a sentence, that posterity
will commend; hot who has committed many political deed.,
which it will despise. Ilis mind is not moved by that vir vivida,
which ingnishes genii's; it is lion commuted by the strict
dise,pline sit toe mathematics; it is not enlightened by a pro.
found knowledge of history ; it it not correct. d by an enlarged
view of science and the arts ;--What he, to use Burke's
phisite, " when the file affords no precedent r—lncapable
seeing beyond the horizon of the time.. all his designs are to
suit the passing day, to harmonize with its follies, and amalga-
mate with its ignortitiCe. That ardent love of liberty, which
marks the characters of all GREAT MEN, never disturbed his re-
pose ;tohe a supple-jack to Monarchs, a posture master in
their ceremonies, a culler in Courts, accords better with men of
his mould If philissnidiess were to sit in the Councils of she
Allied Sovereigns. they would not nssist in driving the Patriots
into their former bonds; enough has been done already in she
plundering of nations. R. ti in the transfer of their Inhabitants,
to disgust monk ind. The King of Spain may promise to reform,
may pi omibr to he snore kind. more generous, more liberal,
mote heneticent ; but is it rational to expect, that he, who, b'.
the goadlq aid et' England, rules with an iron rod at home, will
OW a mere willow abroad ? —that the maker of vettienais to
gain the approbation of biota, will be tolerant, in distant
regions, in matters of (aim ?—that the restorer of the in-
famous and cruel Inquisition, will love mere. in Souili Ame-
rica ? that he, a los ha- consigned the enlightened friends of free-
dom in Spain, to the Rallies, to dungeon... to exile. and death,
will .plitlissophically select from the Insurgents, as he calls them,
the Ministers of. his council:? What rational be;og will give
credence to such profs-. ion.? Would even Lord Castlereagh?
Will the Patriot. bend in suhinission on the faith of such 'older.
takings? Will they, who have begin to taste the blessings of
freedom, return to the curses of slavery ? %% ill they, who have
pursued the tyrant. embra^e h,v knees, implore his forgiveness,
and promise repentance? If they refuse a ill the Allied Sove-
reigns dare so insult mankind, by endeavouring to make free-
men slaves? Will they openly avow a love of tyranny, and a
determination to maintain it? It will he good for them to be
quiet: the wall is older and wiser. The mandates of Sove-
reigns are now investigated, their motives weighed, and their ac-
tion^ approved or condemned. Blessings fallow their footsteps
if they are ,heneticial; it detrimental, curies surround them
loud and deep.

ImITATI of; TE‘.—On Wednesday morning a large
quantity of dried herbs, of various kinds, curled in
imitation of tea;was found lying on the west side of
the Earthen Mound by aurae boys, who soon
carried it off, or scattered it in the wind. The
imitation was very bad, both in regard to the curl
and the colour ; but it had clearly been manufac-
tured for the purpose of passing it for genuine tea ;
and it is probable had been thrown out by some ne-
farious.trafficker, who bad either not been sufficient-
ly versed in the art, or who had taken the alarm at
hearing of the numerous convictions for this crime
which hare taken place elsewhere.—( Edinburgh
Paper.)
The new Arcade erecting on a part of the pre.
mices of Burlington-house, will, like the Royal Ar-
cade adjoining the King's Theatre, he occupied by
tradespeople in the fancy line ; but the range of
shops in the former will be on both sides, witb con-
venient dwellings for the tenants: over them.

11101‘,•••••.,.1.,••••11..*4.0411:,

~~a _ ~
