ri I t STATESMAN;

[l/11011 Tilt /RIEMAN% aountrat...l
Applic.tion haring been made by • publican °Elite i
name of Commies', residing in Seffolk.street, against
certain printers of tbo Bank of Ireland, to enforce
payment of spiritoehe liquors, alleged to hale been
consumed in his hoes., the demand was resisted by
1 Mr. Oldham, engraver to the Bank, on the part of
the printers. The question being of considerable
impurtance, and inspiring the interests not only of
publicans in general, but of the entire working
classes of the community, the Worthy Alderson
wished to base the point argued by Counsel, aod
accordingly, Mr. Fort, iv oat heard on the part of
fire Plaintiff, and Mr. JONA. Caciec on the part of

the Defendants.
it appeared that certain of the eepper-plate print.
era employed by the Bank of Ireland, bad been in the
habit of frequenting the hoes. of the Plaintiff, sad
had lectured a debt of 161. for spirituous liquors,
consumed by them in his house, sad that I. recover
the semi he had proceeded to arrest two of she said
copper-plate printers ; but that, finally, the sitter had
been submitted to the decision of the above-aimed
Magistrate. On the part of the eopper-plate prieteras
Mr. Oldham stated, that he hail established • Stahl,
Bask smosg them, the accuonsiatiews of which be
refined to hand over in discharge of their debt, the
same having been incurred castaary to the pro-Went
of an Act, passed in the 4th year et the reign of
George 11., which prohibits (be giving credit to
worksairo, servants. mad ethers, by pottsocans, above
the vale* et one shilling. Mr. Oldham (lather stat-
ed, that the fend in question had beeellstablished
with the view to its being appropriated to the pur-
chase of clothes and other necessaries. (he payment
of mut, occasional relief in cases of sickness, Ste. ;
and that the handing soy part of it over for 1114.411s-
charge of the debt in question, would be a diverting
it from its original destination to a mischietees and
illegal purpose. That so beneficial bad been the
operation of the fund, that a seas of 4161. had been
actually saved, by a ten printers, in the short space
of eleven mouths, most of whom had lived hitherto
io poverty and dissipation.
Alderman %V A Ott en, otter hearing an hopeless sr-
gement on the part of the naiad', dismissed (heap.
plication ; complimenting Mr. Oldhasn on the semen
of those esertious which had effectuated so salutary
so object, by thus, us it were, renewing those obsta-
cles which the Legislature had wisely ieterpeeed se
that dissipation in public.hoaser, which has mired
the very bails of the working claims in this country.
Th. above decision pots an end to the question of
wotitmen, servants, and others, obtaieing credit its
pnblic•housee, and is of the lest importance to ibe
morals and well-teeing of that useful clots of the
community, who ace, untertanately, too often led to
waste those ellffiiitip which *lsmail be appropriated
to the health, coolest, a lid couvesieNce of themselves
and their families.

tent, that it seams to bales all hopes of possible re.
'decant • ground down and kept in sobjectisa by a
weight Of tasatioo which is unesempled in the his*
itory of this or any other country—the revenue,
thoughaggeteeted by peace, and by a rigid, I had
almost said s vesatious, collection of On isles, by
no mesas unemberrassed ; and this stile of is
James ros. embarrassment increased by a paper circulation, cosy
When the etoth we teseeeds and after the uttili strutted on principles most intuitions and dangerous
toasts of the King, the Prime Repel, and the Royal to the best interests of the Slate, and productive
Family, of guilt, and misery, god blood, at which the
Earl Gan nee and spoke *early Si fellows:— heart sickens;
; do you hope to escepe these ensiled-
" I sew dee, Goothense, to give you the toast ties by establishing Bible Societies and building
which it Ins been noel ter propose nest to that of the Churches ?—(Green oppiense.)—l am not more
King and the Prince Regent, "The gloriosa sod is- indifferout than I osght to be to the interests of
medal Memory 'ef Mr. Fez ;' a memory always tree teligiou ; I revenges the olivine origin of our
living in our affections, end fora period of It years faith ; I consider it the best cement of society • the
net lets dear to 05 than at the moment which Ivrea- grestest end meet permanent severity of pablic*mo-
noted his valuable life; a memory attended always rals ; as such I respect, I veserate, I vale*, sad esteem
•Ith reflections painful at once and pleasing • which it ; as each I au enslave to promote its blowing
ills us with undiminished though calmer feelings of through all classes of my y
felwhisklow-sub"mejectld mask and
s ; bat I dm.
regret for the Immense loss whirls we then moistened, test that Winn bypocrit
bet at the nate time with all the glory and guanine cannel the reel cloge of the distress which is pens-
of %slash we, as his friends and disciples, most be lent in the cemetery, and would multiply the Mosby
conscioes In looking hack upon a course of public melting canting lementstions for the dept' of more-
action enegentled in the display of sleet which Illy. No, Geodes's, it is net by the application of
It psennto, bat entitled to still higher praise, remedies such as then that the evils of the times
diet Of Connoted and eadisinished stlachinent , are to be ilopened ; and while the Governesset ciao
to the can* of real liberty. No, never, Gen. ; tine, to preseet to oar view systems affoodiag cow.
demon, beer was that vain which we shell hear no
is Incitement
prleea t
imbers , wha tee worst propersei
mady he their
es of at..
mere peering forth 'bewares of an able sold unbiassed len, heir wew ver
,mated is here fall and impressive tones of 'tarmacs seal, whatever their abilities, will be heard in vain to
anti reason ; never was this voice rafted, bet to declaim from their new pelpiss. Thedisesse demands
resist oppression end to perperoare slid improve 1 a very different treatment; polliatives ran no logger
the blessings of our fire Canstitatines. The principles be useful. It is clear and obvious that a rigid and
44 that Crags
were deeply impressed upon him unsparing system of retrenchment and economy
by study end inintion ; his eye was ever find open should be epplied to the correcion of that great nil,
it as the land.onark of public condemn. In this will and would be the only promise al that I.6lst•ry effect.
he heed the key ef all his policy ; simple, honour. For this the call el the coentre has been so strolls's&
able, end enlightened. eqtrally prudent and fearlms so clearly and distinctly liesrrt in the late election,
i redoing open attack, and earnings in detecting : that I have little fest they will seater, to oppose it.
the losislioes arts that were placated against that What I nor mech more is, their antpation of Ina
Coustiietion, he was its steady. intetible, and in-
aserepable defende. This is the title deep rooted chick they may render their secrets nugatory and
in eat
he
to which ge meet to pay dee `goer— , useless. We knew of shot character measures of
this le ‘the lisle which we may hope will long prove', this description are, when token into Ilte bends of
die bend of union to the Whigs of Great Britain—a s thaw whose esistence they threaten ;we know how
title boar much wootowalettole, MOM derebte,aosd More I they sir .11 their energy end o•lue, If they are not
truly glorious, then all these vain distinctions at. I subservient so the very poilsotes they one inteoded
ideal& by eerier ern—ell those unworthy rewards Ito thread of to avert. I hopy he
ft ime is fast ap.
rebid ere acquired in this glitter and corruptions . prosching when you, rid wen ke yes, will
of a Couil.—(Gred applause.) I fully partake in the I feel the necessity of r•efiti,ll, and will icier your.
feeling shirts yne have so strongly expressed ; and ! selves to be 14Itered • ilb no longer ; when these arts
that feeling I ought to receive as an intimation not to I that have ton long been practised can no more prevail;
interrupt its espressioa by the introduction of any 1 when the %%begs of Eisgland will teed the way, end
ether subject. But I sup ask what subject then is, the People unite with them spoil a real bone fide spa-
whether of foreign policy or domestic bitterest, or tem greatorm and Itertrenchosent, upon a tedoctioued
that in the sm dna degree affects oar Constitation, oar military establishment within those bound*
which does not immediately associate itself with I which are marked oat to less by 'nunciol ditScslties
the OPllliff y of !dr. Fos, mad slant moment so et than try the danger their eacess threatens to the Con•
to oddness to you the observations which any be Imitation. Toe
_ u sio wrassoraell Which cannot be deo
thought proper on each on occasion, as that in
used with safety, end which mast not be oopitted la
which your feelings are meet escited by the mention ibis interval of peace, fur the duration of which It le
of bit name ? With respect, then, to foreign po. k impossible to calcalate open the Holy Alliaace, if
liey :—This evidently opens mooch too hogs a felt' we mean to preserve our
rank and importance as a
for discussion at art opportegity like she provost ; I • great and free nation. If hese trete in a fair train
will, therefore, only say this mach, that, this lof accemnplishosent, as they should be, much would
being oar ant and greatest interest, our most watch. ; yet remain to be dime. Even if our regim* were
'sleets
sheoug to be elected to prevent its laterrup- 1 equal to air eapestditere, and reductions aisle that
tier. On e subject el the ernagements by which 1 enght enable as to Sift future osisoseies, still cur
' anyone hasn't's. finally settled, and the principle of strength would be Leonine. and our power prewar'.
then arratigeOrents, I WM net new essorgen pasties. s ege, if net invigorated mod consolidated by the tor.
lere :as far as they have received the senate* of Tree. dial attertiment of a waited People. We have nen.
ties and the approbation of Parlisetent, if not contra. in the most pressing moments of the late war, at the
b dined y saloons obi are liptions, they now binding rand of the greatest dangers, hawster K muchingd they were
upon the faith of the elation. Bet, I treat, that we I ineressed by the sitealion of the Si It
shell never be induced to give oar sanction to any cannot be possible that, with this in our minds, we
engagements, however plausible in their prefenions, should neglect to provide against the recanting of
and on that account net the Ins to be emptied—l such dangers. And yet hew have we to lament, that
trust, I say, we shall never be brought to concur in nothing has been attempted to eradicate those seeds
*opponents the full palest of which is not known to of discord and dissension which have bent sand
es ; end shall never be persuaded to tolerate a system to grew up amongst es. It is to be feared that too
of perpetual tnterfereuce with the affairs of other mach pretjedire may remain with respect to this
1 countries. The troops of the Confederacy are sow question, soil that it is not felt to bees liberal and just
withdrawn from France, and with them, I trust, is es oar interest and safety require that it should be
for ever at so end the horrible and intolerable pre- felt in the country. But to yea I address myself
tension of prescribing to others what shall be the witheet hesitation, and with the most entire con".
'tient and what the character of the changes which dente shoo I state, that you will cosies? with me,
they will be permitted, under the direction and in that it is abose all things wicessary (sr as to ape
controol of a Council of King', to make in their ply ninnies to that greet work of union,
adto ,n
fit
remens
own domestic and internal institutions. Never let those disabilities, tipsily improvident t
les ;nen, Gentlemen, that the right of resistance which vedette so large a piano of the empire from
was recorded ins characters of fire at our own glint- the fell erjoyment of the blessings of thehere Con
Ismast
titute
ens Rerolation in 16M; and that by the successful tion.—(Appicese.)—And, Gentlenen,
lesertion of that priociple, we enjoy whatever we now congregating you, that the circumstances in which we
portics' of liberty and independence. Let es not are now placed appear tabs sinisterly favourable for
then refuse to others that right which has been so the accomplishment of all these measures. I bare to
essential to ourselves. I hope we shall now observe congrsielate you en the changes that have taken
a policy sincerely and entirely C
enta which shell place since I had the honour of addressing you last
absolve es from the affairs of the Ciseal, which j year. I no longer speak under the sespension of
any recure the confidence of oilier onions by ' that law, which is the best security of our liberty.—
erasion and moderation, which may engage their Of the preteaces under which that was sospeaded, I
good will by its liberal earl constitotional spirit sod will not say any thing ; they have been sees thrnegb,
which may be productive of universal concord, 'by a 'spoiled, reprobated, I had almost said, by all that
assistant atilt to the principles of right and jes. were free, and konnerable, and virtuous In the
tics. 'lbis is the policy which reason and duty pre. country, but I am sere by a greet majorky othee
'Mho to us; this is the lesson which we shall Ind in People of Enelawd.—(Applessas.)—Sing thg
every pegs of the history of Mr. Fog.—(Appiouse.) and owned, and reprehend they have beee,bet tlAy _
I know that what I am now saying will be treated have net bees puoished as they ought to have been in
with mockery and derision by the disciples of that the persons of Moir authors.—(Apyleatse.)—Thengla
modern school, who treat with sneers of contempt we are restored to the law, a precedent of a Oh*
those antiquated sod espioded notions which would , dangerous character has been recorded ; and inkwell&
apply isles of morality to affairs of state. Founded i but too well how encesafelly these things sift tell'
as these principles ere in etereril truth. tweet was I sorted to in times of irritation sod alum, of
boor
there a time which more imperiously celled for their sere the raw they afford to thee sepportees ear.
strict and complete observation than the present.— replies', when their places are theeatentd by the
We are now in the liftk.year since the overthrow at growing diegoeigate of the People ; how
at,firot min..
by the ro.
Bonaparte, and in the fourth since the renewal of ! ratios of seek precedents, powers,
the peace, which, by bit return from Elbe, sustained j lively granted out the mod pressing easeihnsies, br
a three months' interruption. That is, I believe, ! shades sad degrees, are introdeced into asset of of-
nearly half of the period that, from the comments. sir espedieeny, till men become familiar with thee
meet of the present reign, has been allowed as an in. and, from the facility of granting, and die bilk id
tonal of tranquillity to repose otter the miseries end essderieg, a system of oppression is established, SA
desolation of war. In she course of these four years, no Moronity is left, bat base submission. or forcible
in whet condition do we find ourselves? That our , resistance. Such was thins@ with the dissen
b siol
was
ifjs
situation is improved, lam melt willing to believe; I Rome ; end each has been the prosiness y ld4
—but, though improved and improving, there is i most of those States have lost their freedoes.-4„,
not a man whose experience mast not make him From independence to slavery, mad from slavery,
fen—there is not a person so blind god venters-I when oppoession became too Intolerable to bear,
al as not to perceive—that we still have to en-1 to internal discord, or submission to a foreign cos .
counter difficalties of a most formidable nature.—! quern—each seems to be the melancholy circle la
Oppressed by a lead of debt, which by a angular 1 which the destiny of the worlds's Tegnard oar.
has been carried forward by degrees, god I selves from similar Inialorto ought to be oar study
fatality
anted even by those who were appointed to assist in day end night, sad the brat object dell oar esertleneg
dltainishieg Its harden, which bas grown to that et- and it is with saliefactioa that I say, 1 new see rand
