!Rr"

.

• . 1

4:

lions. I3L.tCKsTUNE calls this municipal

think he ought to have called it universal
it suits all nations and governments. It

adapted to the cities of Pekin and Constan.
to that of London. It not only suits us no
it would suit us whatever might happen to. us hcfes
after. If a man were so rich as to be able tq buy, all
the venal boroughs in the kingdom, or such e num,
ber, at least, as would fie Sullicievt to command a
majority, and to make his single will the law,-
13LAcraToNE's definition would still hold. Neither
is there any atrocity now committed, nor that.ever
has been committed, by any Government in the
ad mid, thnt might not be sanctioned by such law as
this. In short, this Judge puts in the same degree
of estimation the arbitrary commands of a despot,
and the legitimate compact entered into by a free
people ; both are held to be law, according to his
systt in, but I think it is impossible for any moral
win to say, that both may be enforced with equal
just' • , It is impossible for me, however, to con-
template, without the strongest feeling of repro-
batiorr, such sentiments in an English Judge, *hose
duty it is, as I conceive, to maintain the purity
of that law which ALFRED constructed on the
principles o .Christian justice and philadahropy. A
man of sue h ..extensive knowledge as BLACKSTONE
WAS, must hive seen, and seeing ought to have de-
plored, those sulferings,which force, in all ages,, has
intlie'ed upon weakness. To give such force the
sanction of law, is to overturn the very foundations
of morality , it is to legitimate opppression, an act very
unbecoming a Christian Judge, w hose religion teaches
him to believe that " detestable in Ike sight of Goa
is the band of the oppressor." Children, women, and
slaves i-aIP 011(101) been, from their weakness, the
objects of oppression.—At 'parts it was lawful to
pot to death all weakly and deformed children ; and
)77ihe laws of that country women were only va-
les! kr their utility in keeping up population :
• au athletic ci'izen might require the loan of the
urlfoof one who was infirm, under the pretence of
iw plying the State with healthy citizens. To kill
rly,r slaves was an amusement : they laid in ambush
for them, declared war against them, and killed them
by thousands ; in this exercise their youth were trained
to war, and acquired a passion for sanguinary pursuits.
The Romans were very similar to them:, by a law
of it °mows, says Bishop Portreus, infant murder
was rtermittid, and does not appear to have been
forbidden by any subsequent law. Adult children
were considered as a part of a man's goods, which
he might sell or dispose of as he pleased. A slave
could only be.sold, once by his master, but a son
might be sold by his father thrice; by which I nn.
derv++ telt that if a slave saved sufficient of his pew-
litan to buy his freedom, he could never more be re-
aut;al to slavery, unless the person who sold him
was his own fattier. Husbands also had power of
life and death over their wives, who were under as
great subjection to them as if they were their fathers.
.As to slaves, it was a common practice to expose
those to die of bringer, who were sickly, or past la-
iar..l4 one man, VEDIUS Poeta°, was in the
:t of throivirrat Ina, -silliest-tier-offended him, irate
- beonds, to feed his fampries. Now all thoie
aims Were done according to lam; that is, such law
rp
Ks force exercises ever weakness; or, according to
the Blackstorrian phrase, as the superior prescribe;
to the inferior; not such law as our ancestors, in the
time or lizsirty 111. were governed by, when the
Chief Justice oh that day told them that justice teas
Ira GOD, and that law and justice signified one
an ?the same thing. Not such lee as once flourished
In this happy country, when AIMED told his !or-
in: subjects, 46 never to refuse to strangers the rights
of .nnospitality ;"--r" never to cause affliction of any
kiad to the man who was innocent, and free from
guilt;'--" never to oppress the fatherless children
and the widow, for Af• they did, the sword of the
Almighty would make their children fatherless, and
their wives w idows ;" by which is to be understood,
that if they felt no compassion for persons so desti-
tute as widows and orphans, the ferocity of their
disposition would lead them into wars which would
bring upon them and upon their families the pu-
nishment due to that ferocity.— I have adverted
more than once to those humane regulations estab-
lished by Mail) respecting slaves; consequently
1 treed not repeat them ; but I have never noticed '
his amiable laws to protect female mod. sty, even in 1
the lowest order of life. If a woman's garments
were raised as high as the knee, it was a fine; if
higher, the offence was still greater : if she was I
thrown down upon the ground, the intention was
punished, though not accomplished. How different
is the spirit of these laws from the boasted legislation
of Greece and Rome ? Here we behold a benevolent
desire to guard the weak from insult and oppression ;
.there we see oppression sanctioned by the law itself,
and the wrnng doer, instead of receiving correction,
meeting impueity and reward. Law, therefore,
taken in that loose licentious sense in which Maur-
STONE uses it, instead of being the, guardian of vir-
tue, may he t! ,e parent of vice—instead of deserving
our respect, may be the proper object of our abhor-
rence. tint law, as Inaetrost defines it, is quite an-
other thing : in the one case we behold a vile prosti-
tu.e ) ielding herself up to the lust of power, in
the other we behold the modest and amiable hand-
.maid of justice.
it has been said, how truly does not signify in the
way of argument, that Kipg Joint offered the
GRANO Si lONIOR to turn Turk, and hold his king-
dom of him, provided he would protect him against
his subjects. Had such an event taken place, .1
maintains that BLACKSTONE'S definition of law would
have suited England meter a Turkish Government,
and Nlahometan regilion, as well as under its pre-
sent constitution, for law would still have emanated
from " the 4upreme Power," whatever that Power
might be, wiletlter, as Mr. B. says, 46 from a popu-
lar or a Roy al. source—a hether prescribed by the
will of one man or the will of the comm unity—for

it cannot be denied," says he," that a Monarchy has
its laws as well as a Republic."-1 his is my oppo-
nent's last asset lion, and, as I apprehend, a very
erroneous one. The truth is, Mr. EDITOR, that this
has been denied—yea, over and over again denied :
and therefore, it is a little too much to say, that it
cannot he denied. If a man were to look among
o,k' English writers for great authorities, he could
-.hardly select two names to which more weight is at-
tar'•ed than thoseof LOCKE and HOOKER. The first,
speaking of arbitrary power, says, in that case,

• ,•• • erne of the last- they Win ever pert •
tuger,—itthey had even Wetted rrte as Stn enemy. ill he o
IA Goo I reverence toe sincerely his ipooll would I resign the right ear Trisi by ittryrao_
to wish, eVin to an enemy, so cruel a curse as tresign this ; sad verilty thigh, that the Weill*
. of living without either' law orpropeity.' No.; tlwho would take the people's money to supper- et
should be sorry to behold the Hottentot in that 'war,. without allowing
,t kept to enquire into the
deplorable stale, much less the mbst cetnterios and justice of that mar, would commit au act of as great
was indeed his pr
cecursor in that glorio career, and amiable people that I was ever acquainted with ! atrocity as to hang a Man teit'hoit it trial.' Let et
who saith :--The ?Wu( power- of making laws Yet such was their lot when I saw them.— . not flinch from our duty then, int point of sock
to command whole,politic societies of men belongeth And soon after I heard, that they had thrown ' vast importance as this, be the consequences what•
so properly unto the same entire societies, that off their chains, and that their bondage of more they may. The people of Finland have given •
for any Prince or • Potentate, of what kind than three centuries duration was at last ter- their money to curtail the ambition of - Books
soever upon earth, to exercise the same of him- , miaated—for so long was the period between the sup- PARTE ; and surely they hare a right to e.iquireo
self and not by express commission from (isms pression of their free Government, under Louts IL as the wonder-working Parliament (for so it
(as Moses did), or else by authority, derived at the to the Revolution, which, in 1789, restored law and was, called) told RICHARD If. whether the ea+.
first from their consent upon whose persons they im- property in France—but which, alas ! excited the iron s money was applied to the use intended or'
pose laws, it is no better than mere tyranny. Laws envy and the malice of surrounding nations. I saw not ? Whether, Wanted of bounding the ambition of
they are not, which public approbation bath not these detestable conspirators on their march into that man, some other concealed object is not at pee,:
made so." Now here are three great authorities, at Champagne. Pheard their insolent threats, their sent in pursuit ? Whether, to speak out plainly, slat
lauguage.—Not to submit to personal outcry against the bend of the French'aito
very distant periods of time ; first Locke, who died prophane and senseless
llayears ago ; next Homiest, who died 214 years le individual, though a madmsti or lion, has not been a mere stalking horse to cover the;
the will of a sing
ago; avid neat ileacron, who died in the beginning an idiot;not to make such a one the supreme dis- design of Perv's former confederacy against those'
of HE eiort Il l.'s reign, about 580 years ago : all poser of the lives and properties of five-and-twenty very principles of Law, Property, and Lilseety,
of whom declare, that law is not loaci without the millions of people, was, in the estimation of these which are the foundation of oar own Coustitation,•
consent of those who are to he governed sty it. And bedlamites„ treason and`retellion.
,It seemed to me as thney were also of that which would have beea,
I may add to this the authority 'of ALFRED, who at the time that one effect of the Revolution had established in. France, had it not been for such inter-,
died 915 years ago, and who tells us that he did not been to east out of France all the knaves and fools, ference ? These are important subjects of enquiry,.
dare to commit these laws to writing which he has whilst tboyational people remained there. Knaves and must be referred to another occasion. I have
have.olways been the leaders of fools—and fools already trespassed too much upon your
left us, without the same public approbation. After
such authorities as these, are we now to be told by they must be, indeed, who can believe that feudal anxious to establish, beyond possibility of a question
Mr. 8., that law' may Proceed just as well from the rights are better calculated to prodflce public happy- er misrepresentation from any quarter whatever,
will of one man as from the will of a community ? ness than the security of law, anti the sweets of pro- principles of great political importance. This mast
Na, .he even seems disposed to think that such law may perty. Soon after this, appeared the Manifesto of he my excuse for entering so much into detail : a pet•
be constitutional. What a pity that he tad not the Date Of BRUNSWICX, which Mr.CottaETTfias with litical principle well established, being, in my 1;
great propriety republished in his Register. Nothing nio n, a kind of bloodless victory gained over
in, the days of WAT TILLER, he might -then
have had an opportunits of preaching up the excel- Gan be more proper, since the project of restoring the enemy. 1 remain, &c.
knee of a Constitution derived from one man's will. Bettasous is now avowed. This Manifesto declares,
According to Mr. 11.—a monarchy has its laws at that the French people 66 had overturned all order
well as a republic, only they arise from a different and lawful Government," whereas, according to
source ; and lie- adds, 44 which is the most pure; the constitution of our'own Government, according ,
just, and legifiniate, I will not determine, but, in to thedefinition of BitACTON, and the fundamental
my opinion, those laws are likely to be most berme- laws and institutions of ALFRED, there had been no ;
ficial, that are euacted by the common consent"— lawful Government in France for -300 years ; that
I am sorry my friend should be any way at a loss Constitution was established at last, and then, in.
respecting what is most pure, just, and legitimate : deed, there was a lawful Government. Then there
and, I must confess, that I am rather surprised were such rules of action set up as might be called
that he should, whilst labouring under such uncer- law, because they were done with the concurrence
tainty, venture to decide on what is most betteficial; of the people—but no man who has not totally
for, lam well persuaded myself that ill pOlitics, abandoned his senses ; no man who knows what the
perhaps more than other things, the conduct that is true principles of Government are, can say, that the
most just will always turn out to be most beneficial. French edicts, dictated by the bon plaisire of the
I might bring in' proof of this opinion the conduct of Kings of that country, were law.—To call such a
Lord Noam, in the American war; and that of state of things 44 order and lawful Government,"
Mr. Peer, in the Coalition against French itidepentl- is an insult to the Reader. However, so they
ence ; both of which met with a success proportioned are called in the manifest-0, and the Constitu-
to the justice of their measures. Has Mr. B. never tion, which had restored law and properly to the
heard that " honesty is the best policy." Some French people, was called an invasion of the
politicians there are amongst us, it is true, who, King's " legitimate rights—an attack made upon
like the Athenians, in the passage before quoted, his sacred person and his august family--a sub-
regard that as just which is most to their interest ; version of the throne and of the altar," &c.—
but these people iu my opinion do not know how to It etas pretended, too, that 46 the major part of the
calculate properly upon their interest. To such per.. inhabitants only waited till succours should arrive
sons I recommend the following passage from openly to declare themselves against such pro-
HoOsreat :—" Certain half waking men there are)! ceedingi ;" and in order to take the sense of the
who neither altogether asleep in folly, nor thorough‘4lnationfair/g, they threatened • with the most cruel
ly awake in the -light of true understanding, have toed barbarous punishments whoever dared to oppose
thought that there is tint at all any till.* jasisserighe....their relostatemeat of the imbecile Louis in his
in itself, but look wherewith nations are inueed, itlse -reamer-despotism. In short, the Manifesto express-
-same they take to be jnst and right. Whereupon ly declares, AOC" they will not acknowlerigwAsur
their conclusion is, that seeing each sort of people other laws in France except such as Audi
_be derived
bath a different right from another; and that from the King,"--which we very plainly see was no
which is right of its own nature ought to be law at all. Many people were sensible at the time
every where one and the same, therefore they of the atrocity of this action, but many others were
think that in itself there is nothing right.— not. How did this happen ? Because ever} man is
These good folks, that I may not trouble their not sensible of the vast importance of the principles
wits with the rehearsal of too many things, have I now contend for ; every man has not formed
in
not looked so far as to perceive, that do as thou his mind a proper distinction between law that
moulds! be done unto, is a sentence which all nations is legitimate
,and that which is spurious. Ev-ry
under Heaven are agreed upon. Refer this sentence man is not aware that in the one consists jus-
to the love of GOD, and it extinguisheth all heinous tice itself, a thing most estimable ir) the sight of Goo
crimes ; refer it to the love of thy neighbour, and all and beneficial to his creatures ; whilst, by means of
grievous wrongs it banisheth out of the. world."— the other, that is, by means of that spurious, ille-
Fccles. Pol. p. 15.—Letnot any man tell me that lam gitimate law, which is the offspring of force, the
preaching up a novel doctrine, for this passage was greatest iniquities and oppressions have been prac-
w litter) two hundred years ago,—if it seems new to tised upon the earth, as I have shown in the instances
the present generation, so much the greater misfor- above cited from among the Grecians and Romans,
tune. for them ! Behold bow admirably it a4rees to which also I might add several from the moderns,
with IittACTON'S doctrine, that law is justice, and but that.. would lead me too far. 1 presume to think
justice from Poe; and with Axeltetesaisn, who after ' that the facts, and the reasoning which I have ad-
reciting the Second
,Commiidment adds, AY/Mote tamed, afford ground-work and foundation suffici-
' this and you will have no Neel any other terv."-- eat for all I mean to offer in conclusion.
IThearue, the genuine, towing of law, entertained-by First, I beg leave to say, that this attack upon
our ancestors, being grounded on Christian justice, -the independence and freedom of the French people,
tended to make men virtuous, and peaceable, and was the greatest injury that could be done to them,
happy—the spurious Blackstonian doctrine is only as a nation, and Justified- any thing whatever that
fit for modern unprincipled politicians. We have they could do to the coalesced Powers in_the way of
lately abolished the Slave Trade ; certainly we have retaliation. I will not even scruple to say, that if
done well in an doing•—but if we had always acted they could have exterminated the. Powers who thus
on the principles of BitacTom, lad ALFRED, we never confederated against them, for so wicked a
would have had a Slave Trade. Yes, we have began purpose, they would, in my opinion, have stood
to think negroes our fellow-melt; and that it was our justified inahe sight of Heaven.
duty to do to them, as we would be done unto. We Secondly, I affirm it, as my opinion, that this was
have at last felt for the wireless of these. hleckoeigh- • not only a crime of the greatest
_magnitude against
bours ; but the miseries of our white nCiertinfivser the French ,nation, but also against all nations,
have been in the habit of turning to ridicule; a half since it is unequivocally declared to be a Crime, in
starved Frenchman roasting a frog or eating soup that abominable Manifesto, for any people to aspire
meagre, with ruffles to his hands, but no 'shirt to his after the Government of law, or, in other words,
back, was a picture that never fined to excite Jane it sets up, under the pretence of upholding the rights
BULL'S mirth—not so FORTDSMII, win" speaks of of Kings, a Government by force.
the misery oUthat nation with the feelings of a men, Lastly, I must avow, that consistent with these
and points out the cause with the ability of a politi •.' opinions, and consistent with what I read. in Bnac-
(ion. He plainly shows us, that it *as because there TON, that Law is Justice. I cannot but consider this
was neither law nor property in France, that the attempt, in 1792, to subvert the Government of Law
people there were so completely wretched: and that in France, in order to restore the old mis-govern-
it was because there. was both law and property in tnent of force, as an act of rebellion against Heaven
England, that the people here were so well clothed, itself ; whose will is, that we should do uuto nil
so well fed, so comfortable and so happy. The men, without .distinction of friend or foe) as we
French people had no property; because their King would be done unto—whereby, us Ilooteit says,
laid on them what taxes lie pleased ; and the pea- " All grievous wrongs would be banished out of the
wintry were eternally pillaged by his men at arms, as world."—Yes it is the will of Heaven that men
Forruscue calls them. Neither had they any law • should live under the dominion of that law, which is
for thus, saith he, " the Civil Law singed), quad synonymous with justices Ip2t that which is synony-
plasscitprincipi Legis hahet rigoren t;" and then he mous with iorce—it is His will that mankind
gives us to understand, that the people of England should enjoy, in perfect security, the right
would tint dance to this tune. lie tells us, that a of property—rejoicing, as they • are commanded
" King of England can neither change law,the'nor to do, with a thankful heart in the fruits or thejr
impose any taxes, but with the free consent f the own labour. It is riot the will of Heaven, that the
people, wherefore, (says Ire)', they are rich," &c. industrious peasant should be plundered in the men-
&c.—Alas I poor Frenchmen how sincerely do I tier that FoavescOr. describes in days of Old,: and
pity their hard lot I They have never done me say that Jams JAQUES ROUSSEAU has so pathetically de-
wrong; oil the contrary, they have treated me with lineated in the present—it is not the w' h neaten
kindness and hospitality when I was among than ; that the bun plaisire of a fool, an iclia or, is Mad-
but if even I had experienced in, their smiling lend _emu, should be set up in any country
(land which smiled even amidst the sieours of feudal as the craerion of. ust and unjust. Igo dismiss
despotism), that sort of austere forbidding,
vrelcogne freely the qtrestion of peace and war, is-beyond all
which in England is often the rcceptiou the' dispute the
.privilege of the people, aiid 1 hope it

Buckinghamshire, Feb. 4.

TIMOTHY TRUEMAN.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

The Sessions commenced yesterday.
J. El:mere was indicted for assaulting dames
Cooke, one of the under-keepers of Hyde-pork, on
Sunday, the '23cl of November.
Instructions, k eftfeatred, had been given by
the Ranger of the' petit to prevent' horse-dealers
from riding in Rotten:row. On the day in question
the Defendant, whose brother is a horse-dealer, at-
tempted to ride into the row, but was stopped by
the Prosecutor. He immediately jumped from his
saddle, and placing himself in a boxing attitude,
challenged Cooke to fight ; this he howevei declined
doing, when the Defendant threatened if ever he got
him' out of the park he would do for him. This
constituted the assault.
Mr. ALLEY, for the Defendant, said he was not a
horse-dealer, but an officer in the army, and uas
induced to act as he had from the impertinence of
the Prosecutor in attempting to exclude lien from the
privilege enjoyed by other gentlemen.
The COURT having held that in the eve of the law
an assault had been committed, the Defendant was
found guilty, and sentenced to Pay a fine-of Twenty
Shillings. -
Liza Lercis, an Attorney's clerk, and his wife, *
Ta hour-working woman, were both indfcted bTT
the parish of St. Giles's, Cdpplegate) for- aeMisasi}
fully and is beating with a large stick 4peot
parish apprentice, named Ann Byrne, auccomiselr
on the Gth of January last, after the girl had been,
three years with them, having been hound at the
age of ten years, and instead of being taught her
trade, flogged for not blacking her master's shoes to
his liking, and for offending her mistress on some
other occasion, to such a degree, that an adjoin-
iug neighbour heard the screams, whereupon the
girl being told by her mistress that she would not be
kept, vas directed by a woman in the street to the
workhouse, where, on inspection,. she was found so
beaten and blackened with stripes, that Mr. Laystaff
the Surgeon, deposed to the colour and appearance
of her back to he like that of a Zebra. The child
was of an interesting countenance, and very in-

nocent.
Mr. ALLEY conducted the prosecution, and Mr.
GUaNEY made a short address to the Jury in
gallon, without calling any witnesses.
The Dgendants were found gisillij, and the wiftr
being pregnant, was fined is. only, and the bur-
band 101.

BONAPAR,TE REPREiEYITJ)the Russian's as
wild and nupniilr, when he fled from Moscow ; but It found
himself mistaken, as they have politely returned hint the visit In
Fiance wmeh than he expected, alai du not Metal td re-
turn till-they pay their respects to the capital. So wive many
impostivis been mistaken that counterfeited Prince's
brated Raisia Oil, us It is "proved that Prince's Russia Otlls
the only genuine in the universe. Therefore purchasers 11l be
particular in asking for Prince's Russia Oil. Is proved the be*
and wholesomest, preparation in the universe for moistening toe
hair, When dressing real or false hair ; and is so great a liwartsheer,
if weal constantly, that never a hair will fall oe-tuni. grey ;
io short, w In t e hair Ims got thin or bald, and the least coats Fe-
ma may rely cot its tieing restored.
Gentlemea wearing powder ought to use Prittee's Russia
Oil to mokielt their hair when dressing. iiwtend of Panamint,
or mixt ait h P alum, as it is well known, that powder
makes their hair dry, fall off, or tarn grey ; but Prince's
Russia it is sorb a nisorisher to the•kair, that if osedoctiostaat
when dressing, :cot a hair will fall off or tura grey. Ladies wilt
find it pieferaole to tuiy article when dressing either real or
fate hair, no duly or exercise whatever will twitig it out of
curl the whole day.
Be particular in asking for Prince's Russia Oil, at Bs. per
bottle; one bottle, cant "ut four small, at lt. 25.; or six large
bottles at 51. ditty included But Prince's plain Russia Oil, only
2s. lid. wit! a Medicine Stamp. Directions with particulars
incl. sed, sealed up with etch bottle.
S• Id bs the Proprietor, Prince, Death', at his how; John-
street, Oxford-street. • Observe, it iN exactly opposite No. 8,
uevl door to Cliateltsmaker's. Be particular, as the numbers
ore irtegular in John-street; also sold by must principal Per-
fumers in Medtcine Venders.
After spending Thousands, which can be proved by the Pen.
prietors of the principal Newspapers in London, that Mr.
Prince wits the tint that advertised Russia Oil in their Papers ;
and it IllSd can he proved by the principal Perfumers nod Me-
diciiie V. nders in London, that Prince's Russia. Oil is the ori-
gi. al and only genuine, and us a proof is sold by the folowing
Gentlemen t

Mr. Santis, Perfouseekshio Majesty, New Bood-street liTt
drie, Perfumer to her Mojesty, XichltOriee-street ; Bosley i
Blew, .to the. Prince stint Princess, unit DA...did
Misfit* of Yrirti, tor kiptir-sireet ; Dlewltry, 4S, St. Pool's
Chori4-3nrd; Dicey, Dow Giiiirch-yard; [larch., 95, Fleet -
inatket ; Boiler, 4, Cheopside ; Edward., 66, St. Paul's Choreh.
yard; Raton, 150, Oiford-treet; Dhvison, 59, Ficel•Areet
Rigge, 65, Cheapsitle ; Bolionand 'Vett, Royal Exchange; aid
by mast principal Perfwiiersiand Medicine Venderc
Mr. Prince can iiity thin Web, the original Proprietor of the
Russia Oil in the uoiliertes'hvien if they wain the genuine R
t.i:l Oil at Peteistiurgh, the capital of Russia, they most scud to
Mr. Prince, Deign', linidon, for it. Mr. , Prince iirgrs one
Cant:and pounds co nosy. one wit.. can prove it* eontrarv. there-
fore any villains wlliug Russia °divot preps* 110,9ir. OrinCe
1 r 4 nupostors, and milers of coienterfeits., •
—1/

LONVON t Vri..sett and hi D. 4,0 y lISACIIC
SCATU,SNIAN OFF 1( 6, 87,'Fleeosatvt.

,
T S'rATE-gNiAI
law, bbt X " the ittw ou dfib hat, lii' 'eh ts ely string
taw,--Ifir necessaq,,teL being lay& the eventilf ,t se. I,thes
is as well ciety ; over whom nobody este item is,pewer to asks
th dans,
ttittople, as lows but by their own consent, ex-by authority re. at o
now,—but ceived from them."—And thett-he refers to 'the ju. 1 shot
'A. us here- dicious lloosEe, as he constantly. ca9lo him, who deploi
. . . _ am;
