DRURY L%NE.

The tragedy of ..Tan.. Skore was last night perforated et
this Theatre to a very crowded house, In which Mr. WALIACk.
and Mrs. BeIVW Mat their appearance for the first time in tie
parts of Lord Hastings and Alicia. which they severally 'ls.
tained with considerable ability. The attraction, however, of
the far greater part of the audienee was the first representation
of the new greed and comic Christmas Pantomime, which had
been announced to be in preparation ever since the aummer.—
It bears the name of Hartwig and the Flying Chest. The
story is taken from the Persian Tales, and is by nd mesas re'
markahie for that interest it contains.--fudeed the idea of a
succession of rapid tliehts from place to place by a lover 'a n
strong boa is In itself absurd ; but whateve; was defetate I.*
the story, was tully compensated by the embellishments of ne
piece.

That Pantomine should form a part of the rational amuse.
ment of tie Theatre is no longer surprising,w hen we witness,
as we did last night. a succession of scenes whose execution
reflects the highest honour on the progress of the arts is this
country. and throw the spell of the brilliant coluer, and
classical delinestion of art, foier scenes familiar to every
person's eye and recollection. Without far of' criticism or
conttadict.on, we shall slot hesitate to assert, that in no
Theatre had there previouely been exhibited such a
timenitici n• specimen of the scenic art as the moving
Diorama of !ii,t night, intended to illustrate by a succession
of panoramic views that great national undertaking—the
process of the cons ruction ofs he Breakwater at Plvmoatli.
The quarries of Orestan, the Catwater, and men of war at
anchor, are painted with the greatest graphic fidelity ; and
in effect or splendid colouring, scarcely yield to the
best efforts of Oszariz or VANDERVELT. The conclusion
of the Dioramic scene represents a glorious show of the
wooden bulwarks of Britain on their native element in
Plyuwath Sound. The calm brightness of the sky
becomes now overcast, the sea is (rightfully agitated, and
the storm in its fury strews the shore sod headlands with
wrecks of vessels. Soon after, its rage is seen to abate, and
a man of war's host, after weathering the gale in a style
which displayed all the &fficulties of an oared host
in such a situation, gains the protection of the Break.
water. The scene is again illumined by the sun's rare,
and in the distance is represented a rainbow, glowing
by degrees in all the truth and beauty of
nature over a calm and unruffled sea, bright with
the reflected tints of the sky. The whole of this scene is
in conformity with the plan of the new drop scenes at this
theatre, and is eniiveneil by the introduction of troupe*
of store cutters, sinnaglers, and labourers, mostly
in stationary groupes or in repose, so as to relieve the eye
from the ssmeoess of inenim tte landscape or sea views.
This scene was the ehef d ce..tve of the Artist and of the
performance; and was received throughout its representa-
tion, which lasted I minutes, by repeated bursts of
applause. The whole. of this scene, as well as that of the
Mango grove, and the Northern regions by moonligh
both sweet sat scenes, is by that admirable Artist, STAN.
field. Foothill Abbey and a Village, by Itonemrs, are
deserving eperimens of talent. The splendid Palace of the
Hundredthstes, the boudoir of the Princess, and the Bridge
over the Indus, fuse. did equal merit to the respective at list«
and the processions had a judicious mixture of the splen.
did and the ludicrous.
For the plot, we must, from want of room, refer oar
readers, for the present, to the play bills of the day. Mr.
now std. was the Harlequin of the night; Signor PAVIA),
was theCforem and Mt BLANCHARD, thePurstaloon.They
all displayed great agility, and the two latter were freer
sistihly laughable. line of their exploits was to make a
roundabout of a ladder, through the spokes of which the
head of a third man had beets thrust. It veva round for
some time with great velocity. PAULO being at one end,
and BLANCHARD at the other. They finished hr converting
it into a See Saw. A Miss SMITH, pupil to Miss Tame,
NIII4e her first appearance as Columbine. Her dancing
was much admired, and she was altogether well received:
A great living oviilittis presented in one of the scenes.—
' A figure alit' three heads and six arms appear,. Two of
the heads and tour of the arms, which seem the property of
a ronple of dwarfs, fight across the later figure, et hid', on
raising his head, is imin liately kuo.ked down. This is
managed by the two aims of a man, being provided each
with a heail and lints. lite feet are masked to produ. e
the principal or 'erg er flaunt, which only cis a to fall *gaits.
As for the sratieforwatione, a Collage is contracted to shout
a sixteenth of its original size, and subsequntly restored
to its first dimensions, apparently without any aid but the
magic tonal. A Stage Cos^h heroines part of a LTIICC.
and the vehicle thus lost, aud in which Pantaloon bad
taken his seat, is repro lured from a packing ease with the
I Important personage ju.t ham. d looking out of
the window. • A dram is turned into a very
elegant tuarieeee, with seats and a table hateatit,and again
becomes a drum. Various other changes acre effected,
if the tricks were fewer' than were wanted, this deficiency
may arise in a great measure, from the attempt to 'swim,
with the genius of Pantomime, a resin of witticisms better
adapted to the vivacity of dialogue than the solemn exhilti•
thin of placards. We shall explain this by an instance.
Hartman, in one of his extremities, leaps through a
paunch in the Post titles, on which " Tao Mails" are
stated to be due, but as soon as be effects his entis ice the
pannel changes to another which announces that " One
Male is arrived. .
The Pantomime was applandeil thronghout--esery thing
writ favourably for it. Ti c machinery worked well, one trap
door reseed relractory, and fire once tilled to come Ithea
called for, but in general we hroke.l In vaiii for tie usual peel'
dents of a first night, and universal shouts of approbation
answered the annottecentent eventually given from t:te stage.
that it would be repeated every evening till further no.ice.—
it cannot fail proving of uncommon attraction.

ire
4.

gardens. and this May dance is 'intro da
t barber's she" is then presented, and some
re performed. Pantaluor, exchanges heads
iti a two-penny post box beenmes an able
interior follows, where shaving by s' tam 's
the process of hatching eggs by the same
'splayed. We have thee the out-ide of Sir
, when the watchman's box is converted
ad the power of seductive love is evinced in
the Clown with the Cook. The next Peelle,
tirease, affords another opportunity for
change, and the waving of York-
converts it into an elegant boudoir.
rauxhall Bridge is then given : it is ex-
.awn and painted, and has a delightful effect
ter this scene commenced the triumph of the
fernery was concerned. It opened with a view
frdens, where a balloon is seen fully lihted.
ascenslon.—The emMage is supposed to be
Moon rises, and the fiat scene sinks, presenting
wrect bird's eye view of London. The subject
keontigged,"and the whoie of the Thames is beautifully de•
ogief from London to its mouth. The balloon is then for au
jaunt lest in the clouds, and we soon find it passing over
fraoce,sotil it comes to Paris (of which a most delightful clew
sown), where it descend! in the nardens of the Tuileries.
effect of the latter part, in particular of this novel
potrataic scene Is perfection ; but the whole is In extraordi•
isn exhibition, and its wonderful aceursey end perspicuity
alit east the Unmemorable tourists and their quartos into po•
solo:sue. The next change was the most characteristic
aa~apperiate of all pantomime wit we remember to have
mAtivaged. Lesdenhall market was instantaneously converted
jaw grand civic frost at Guildhall, sad a throng of Citizens
geresbeet to allay their voracity,when the giants appeared to
more sod walls, to their utter discomfiture. After a view of a
"athematic.% instrument rasher's, Jack's tale is nearly told.—
g,b;,, appears wi.h his but to clear all difficulties, and the
'thole conclades with the Temple of Iris, a scene amazingly
spleellie end effective.
it is altogether, most decidedly, a cool Pantomime; but
'theigh the perf r nonce was extremely long, from first to
, lee there was not a thought of discontent, and the applause
Tia lend and frerent. Young GRIMALDI, as Closes, was
*titularly well received. It was his first appearance, and
mile io consegnence of his feher's intlispo,ilon. ELLA a
Mai excellent Harlequin ; and BARNES is a Panialows of
*piston hug and considerable popularity. Mi.,' VEDENI
*ogled smite grace and antfieleut activity AS the Co/unt•
Mere and the whole Pantomime was announced for riled.
Antainidat great applause.
•

t t
a , • COBURG THEATRE.
• , . ..,
4111e1bellthey folks socked in vast another' to this theatre
'filfsdity ev, nine, to witness the performance of a New
VW tipe. tawl• , tinder the appellation of Caliph Vaikekf;
ur,•rite Career oferiate. The st .ry is from the pen of
flr. limkfottl; and as it is prob4hly familiar to our readers,
'ft is unnecessary to describe it. As it is represented,
.6611.11agiciana, Phantoms. Illobuoblins, and Ghosts,—
*Heed imaginery,are bronalat into action aufffeient to frighten
ogee/ wan, woman. sett child in Christendom ; but the inci-
'datum managed with web jucgment. and set off with so
.pieb spiendoor and ears[ as to afford a highly gratif‘ log treat.
Taaptincipal p.rfcamers ore StANLEV as • n Eastern King;
ttairot as (Hama the Genius; DAVIDGY., as Keeper of the
*raw; Jonas as a Loser; SLOSSAN as a Cook. it is needless
to agy that they esetted themselves greatly, and contributed
asses to the sseeess of the piece. whou seemed pleased
'-seen matmotarty "the Gods," soot oat thunders of
tipples's from their one-shilling Olympus. One circumstance.
'et tke conclusion, caused a little confusion. as It was quite an-
mspectcd. The last scene is a Waterfall. and owing to bad
pabasgeseent the stage was suddenly completely deluged, the
.water making its army into the orchestra, which obliged the
Romeo( *polio wod's a precipitate retreat in Indescribable
display. After the apology and explanation required.usiverss I
Toottliasour was restored,and prevailed throughout the even.
. . .
r 111.. • . .
l.ls ADBLPIII.
tr!,,At this theatre was pwiduced a new Pantomime. called
Doctor Faustus and the Black Demon • or, Harlequin
:dot As *PM Fairies. Most of our readers will recollect
• AM Pantomime of Harlequin and Friar Bac" represented
aeleovens Harlem Theatre a few seasons ago, of which Dr.
,fern*, is a copy. We may therefore be more readily
+Muse l giving at present a detail of the piece. tl.ongh we
7 "MOW let it pass without observing that it exhibits a most
:ilitesing series of tticka, conjurations, sad naviesi trans-
e farmaioss: the whole terminating with a grand marine
itmerama of the Bombardment of Algiers. 'Else panorama
radirealike that at Caveat Harden last year. and shows the
levers of the action wills the glow and spirit et/truth. The
• Soho Odle rockets from the ship*, and the destruction
iitich they Millet in the city, are presented with a forte
:elelbtlelity that render the delusion completely irresistible.
llirc Searle's Coletlibine must rank amongst the lirst
' idols in that line of perf..rmanoe. Messrs. ELLIOTT and
list two KIaBVS, in the Harlequin, Clown, and Pantaloon,
'vas active as could be desired. Some of the tricks
'mere clever, particularly the ascent of the Clown by cling.
liiito as umbrella, which he renders buoyant (we had
Iteirlriaid inflated) by a pair of bellows.—The Pantomime
. ass given out for repetition without a dissentient voice.
. .—,—.....
OLYMPIC.
• •
Last night, after A Rarefor a !fife. and I won't go, in
' iddehlthe exertions of rowan were much 'applauded, an
entirely new Pantomime was brought leeward. v,ntitled
Berlegein's.Christmas Box; or The bomb* Apprentices.
• Tbe opening is Pleasitipr, the scenery pretty,ind the eltarac-
' Woven sttptorted. It was annourCed for repetition with
' bad appl,o-e.
smossossmaromsoommo

ifetlemlay ttso Date of filoncestet left town 13 bit
Vanilla/ carriage for his seat. at Hagshot, hating stopped
•ih Londbn a few days after his toar. His Royal High-
nrklonvred 'Drury Lane Theatre with his . presence
es Tae4ay night, not accompanied by the Duchess as
• was alstad, her Royal Highness bring at Btgshot at the

JONIL

time. .
At Digital]. 00 heed dealt'. were slapghtered last
werit. to the order of the Victualling Weed ; and Mr.
Idellisbyby the Contractor. has had repeated .conferences
lately at the Admiralty and Somerset Horne, on the subject
of Lew strpplire. The motive for all this preparation is of
• ormisealecret.—(Kentish Cliroxick.)
' The worktiten of Chatham Dock Yard in pursuance of
. aterdeatonulte Board of Admiralty, are to be employed
five days and a half in tire week, instead of five days
which they have been accustomed to work. On Saturday
lasttbey therefor,: commenced their extra-duty.—
(Nentith Chrom.) •
Dtrrbir-Quick Time.—A mere lad presented himself
before one Directors and Guardians on Monday evening.
sod solicited relief. On the ation being put, " Areyou
tarried?" "Yes." "And bon long have you been married?"
" On Saturday," was the reply'-(Brighton Herald.)
Michael Rock, who was last July tried in Surrey. for the
murder of Elisabeth Cbaniberlane, at Bermondsey. and
convicted of manslaughter, and sentenced to six month.'
Imprisonment, on L'hristmas day received a free pardon
Not the King, sod was in consequence immediately libe-
, Mi. The i etition in his behalf was signed by all the
Ittlitlemen that composed the coroner's jury, and also the
.srtaton jury for the county. and many respectable Wm-
Want householders in the parish of Bermondsey.
Tiounm.L.—Martin, the boxer, whom Thurtell had
kftwallubacked, iliited the prisoner a few days since.
Ouse u g hits he-bursttinto tears, and exclaimed, " Thor-
CA is there an/ thing which I can do fur pa ?" This
• 4%41144 such' an effect upon Thurtell. that for the first
~1 in- 'since his confinement. he butt into tears, which for
same time mingled with those of

MR. BELZONI.

We (Cambridge. Chronicle) are happy In being able to
cowmnnicate to our readers wine further account of this
enterprising traveller. petters have just been received
from him, by a gentleman o! this University, dated Cape
Coast,* Oct. 20. of which we have been favoured with the
following extracts:—

" I write to you, my dear friend, by a transport which
is just sailing for England, and send you a few lines in
haste. I cannot enter at present into a detail of all the
events which brought me to this coast, bat reserve them
till I write yon more fully. I aift only ahle now to tell you,
that I am faint( t., take a northern direction from the
kingdom of Benin 4 straight up to Haussa. Benin is
situated on the east of this coast, and the route I intend
to take is over a tract of land entirely unknown, so that
I hope I shall not be deemed an intruder in the path of
northern travellers. I shall endeavour to give you a frill
account, if possible, front Benin; but I fear it will be a
long time before you receive any of my letters from that
quarter. If God please, I hope to meet the Niger on the
east of Massa, previous to my reaching the cspital of that
kingdom. I shall not fail to write to you by the first
opportunity of a caravan to the north. I could not take
many notes of what I could observe at this place, and I
sin surprised that so little is keown • of it in England, or
indeed of the settlements on this coast. In my voyage
here I fortunately met with an English gentleman, captain
of a man of war, a native of Plymouth, who, in conse•
quenee of the death of Sir R. Mends, has taken the
command of the squadron on this roast, as senior officer;
lie is enthusiastic in every thing that relates to discovery,
and I feel myself highly indebted to this gentleman for
the kind assistance he has aff ,rdell me in the furtherance
of my views ; and it is grateful to me, and I thank God,
that I have met with an Engli-liman who has in some
measure balanced the injuries I have enstainkl from those
1 will not name to you, at Tangier. Remember me most
kindly to all friends. I shall write to you again as soon
as I am able."

• Cape Coast Castle is a fortress on the coast of Guinea. in
latitude 3 deg. north. It is the chief of our settlements iu
those parts.

j Benin is seated near the ricer of the same name, in latitude
deg. 40 min. north.

RILTAIL Bagwentsa,—Tbe public will hear, with some
surprise, that the Magistrates of lirentford have issued
summoners to the two retail brewers of that town fur selling
beer retail, as being contrary to the 35th Geo. 111., c. 113
It is not our intention to enter into any discussion on the
paint of law, as we consider that it has been set to rest by
the proper legal authorities ; but we desire to point the
public attention ,to this attempt of certain great mono-
polists to deprive the working classes of society of the
benefits they no v enjoy frein being enabled to obtain a
good and wholesome he at a reasonable price. That
the informations will fall to the ground, oe have not the
least doubt; but we view this attempt to create a monopoly
en an article like beer, which is to the poor man both his
support and comfort, with a jealous eye, and shall there.
fore attend the 'meeting of these magistrates, and give the
public a faithful report of their ',tweeting,. .Tbe Est i•e
have is•uedl a great 'nosy licenses to brewers in the neigh;
bolo hood of Londoa.

The black population in the United States amounted in
1020, to 1.761,036. The alarming increase of the blacks
casts a eluotny veil over the future proved' of tbe gnipnv
lilt a fact that the increase of theta, according to their
nomber,is absut one third greater than of whites. if
this ratio they &Minna to multiply, it is calculated, that
in a century, the number of blacks will amount to shout
twenty tnilllions ; and that of whites in the slave holding
states, not ezeordiag fifteen. In S. C'arolina and Ltini-
*Lona they are already more numerous than the whites.
This growing evil, if not felt by the present generation,
succeeding ones wilt have cause undoubtedly to lament it.
When the population becomes so deuce, can it be supposed
that they will tamely submit to bondage and slavery ?
No—discord and civil war must he expected, and posterity
must answer fur the deeds of their forefathers.—(Plyntouth
Memorial.)

BANS OF MARRl4oB.—Agreeably to the seventh section
of the new Act of Parliament,—which Was passed in lase
Jnly, for amending all firmer laws respecting the solemni-
sation of the marriages in England ; and which Act came
into force as the lase, on ar.d from the first day of Novem-
ber last ;)—a written notice, date4l en the day of its bring
given in, stating correctly the tree rhriatiati names sod
sornamesof the persons to be married, and also the holm-
or houses of their respective abodes, with the time thry
have lived therein, either as occupiers ar as lodgers, should
he delivered to the clergyman sitvas DAVIS, at the least,
before the first time of publishing the bans.

RIMARKABLIt rACT.—In the parish of Motto", Derby-
shire, which contains near 4,000 inhabitants, there were
more funerals in the month of January of the present year.
than there have been in any succeeding month, and in all
ten of them tocether to ths comm-ncement of the present
December, bare not heard, says our corres•
pendent, that a similar event ever before occurred in the
memory of the oldest inbabitai of Ilkesten.—(Derky
Reporter.)

. . .
Au duc EtenTs.—Poor Betty Bradshate : On Friday
evening, this poor Woman, who bad weathered the storms
of 104 years, and braved all the ills " that flesh is heir to,"
had her long life accidentally consigned to the Ganes.—
She died in grew agony. Iris to the credit of the" Strangers
Friend Society" to have it said, that poor 11 t'y Bradshaw
was a pensioner of theirs, for some time, and that Beir
visitors attended to her wants, till life was utterly extinct.—
On Wednesday morning, a Mk little girl of about twelve years
old, met with her death through the same fearful agency.—
Left at home to attend on an infant is the cradle, the fire corn•
municated to her clothes, and quickly consumed its victim.
As the mother returned, she discovered but the charred
remains of one chit I, and the flames seising hold of, the
other ! On Thursilav nom+, as Thomas Oreen, the Darwen
carrier, was approaching this town be discovered a woman
in the set of attempting to drown herself in a pool of water
adjacent to the roa.l. While polling her out by the feet
she made an effort to resist, by grappling hold of sonic
substance at the bottom of the pool. Finally ancoeeding, he
conveyed her to Darwen in has cart. She was soon re
stored to life, but net to reason. She refusedito account for
the rashness and wickedress of the act. On Sundae
evening a man named John Proctor, aged 16, was found
dead in a small pool of mud and water near Moulden
Water. It appears that he was on Isis way from Preston
to this town, to see his another, and had got a little fresh
in liquor.—(Blackburn Mail)

ACCIDSPIT.-11se Tallyho, stage coach, which rqn.
between this place and London, overturned on its return
from the metropolis on Saturday afternoon last, at Ditch-
ing, when one of the mit,ide passengers snit the coach-
mar, sustained considerable injury. The latter, notwitir
standing that his leg was fractured, drove the vehicle to the
office in this town bringing all the passengers with it. The
accident was occasioned by the driver humanely polling
up to avoid running over some idle boys who were playing
in the middle of the road, by which the vehicle was driven
against a post and upset.—(Brighton Herald)
.• •
•

01116611/113111„
et— '•
pent 11 .
The outside of a
404 picks an
iritb on 'as. and
Allestiiart. The
wiibited, and tl
lip is alsa die
r..oc iy house,
OA. sedan, onl
ikt siic. rag of
41101 *6'l. ral'
pantoralnie
a " 's wan,'
, vies' of Vs
• . tly well (Ira
eirediately site
• gipkt as tar as Sc,
lift abbli Al Gar.
.0e ready for a
worsen, the hal
e saadtrfully Cal
. __...i.aad_ and
