THE STATESMAN.

TA CORRESPONDENTS.
Ca Pr. L Lorres rummunicuii m •hall appear I,uniorroW.

,
!
A • Mai 4 Dile
• I . i France
U
0.. . ). ... ... • • .., . ...• .... Ilain b il rgh ....... - - 1
, • 0

PRICE MCSTO4:4II 111114
taut
3 pet Cent Red.
p.r ( rot C .•41
4 pPr Cont 71*4
5 per Cent. \ay% F 414

DAY AT ON tiCLUVA,
L.ne. Ann.
Will Ikeda 7 8 4
Ktelsequpr 4148. 5 9 d
Cesies4. fur ACC. 54

T Sl' SMA N.

LONDON:

WEDNES.) ATI SEPTEMBER 6, 1815.

. The Paris Papers of Sunday last have just come
to hand. They are extremely barren of Milli-

genre.
It appemis that Marshal Momcvv's refusal to sit on
the trial of NEY is regarded as a very high offence
by the Government, and that it is deemed necessary to
provide strongly egainst its consequences, and what
may be the result of toe sentence pissed on his dis-
obedience. He has been rent to the fortress of Bitche,
the most horrible of French prisons.
The Council of War is now to be composed of
three Marshals and three Genorals, namely, Msg..
studs JOURDAV, VICTOR, and NI RMONT ; and Ge-
nerals MvisoN, CL II'AREDE, and Ptc. It is not
slid whets it is to assemble.

It was not till after a bombardment of twenty-four
hours that Auxonne surrendered. The troops that
defended it obtained honourable terms, and are to
join their brethren of the Loire. For what purpose
the whole of the French force is thus congregating in
one part of the kingdom remains to he seen.
The Russians are evacuating the provinces over
which they were diffused, and repairing to the camp
at Vertus. The Ring of PRUSSIA has been indulging
in a parade of his force, and distributing flags to his
regiments, in the peesence of the Emperors of
Russia and Aunt:fa. All the foreign armies seem
about to take new positions, whether from choice or
necessity is not easy to conjecture. They have the
appearance of measures of precaution ratite( •than
voluntary abandonments. The Russians, It k still
slated, are not to remain in France after their re-
view. If this be the case, the Prussians and Aus-
trians will have enough to do to retain their footing
in the country. -

It is observed, that ' under the present circum-
stances of France it is not likely that the Chambers
of the Legislature will meet before the 20th inst.—
They will, indeed, meet under very humiliating cir-
cumstances, if they assemble in the presence of fo-
reign force. The late Parliament separated because
it cisubl wit ‘l.4iberate freely in the midst of foreign
bayonets. ‘Vhat will be the conduct of the new As-
sembly ? Will they ask the Sovereign if this be the
liberty Le is to confer on the country ; if this be the
fulfilment of the promises which he and his Allies
have made to the French nation, and in virtue of
which, more than by the strength of their arms, they
base been permitted to occupy the capital ? Will
they not call on the king to free them from the
menaces of the drawn swords that are suspended
over their deliberations, and exhibit alone the iron
sway of otbitrary power end military law, where the
Ropresentatives of the People and the Consti-
tution should regulate the Government ?-- If
the Prince who claims the sovereignty of France
wider that Constitution, is unable to confer that
freedom on his people, and proves to be only
an instrument in the hands of their enemies to
accomplish their subjection, and increase their op-
pressions, will they not call upon him by alt the vir-
tues and patriotic feelings he professes to possess, to
remove himself, and allow the nation to exert its un-
divided energies to expel the invaders, and free the
land from the plagues that now devour it ? We be.
lieve with the Private Correspondent, whose interest-I
ing Letter from Paris we give in another column,
that if the Representative Bodies shall act with firm-
ness and prudence, and shall adhere to the Consti-
tution which France has prepared with such wisdom,
and shed so much of her blood to preserve, as the •
oniy rule of her government, tinder which her institu-
tions, her rights, and liberties, and the fabric of her
social happiness, can exist, Fiance mny yet be saved,
and the cause of human liberty will not have sue.
tained such a vital injury as there is reason to fear it I
has. But if those bodies who ought to act this dig-
tii,led part, and 44 stand between the livits4 and the
dead, that the plague may he staid," shall fail to ve-
rify this expectation, if they shall be content to be- I
come so many more rods in the hands of the op-
pressor, and exhibit that collective mass of depra_
city which is so earnestly deprecated by a French
wilier by the name of a 44 mere machine for li
decrees," and a seal to oppression and iniquity,—
adien to the hope of tranquillity to France and peace
to the world. Though bodies may he found so cor-
rupt and embecile as to sanction ally thing, even the
misery and degradation of their own country, na-
tiotts ere nut so destitute of feeling altogether, If,
sunk in ignorance, and so powerless, when justice
and nature arm them in defence of their rights, as to
acquiesce in the mean submission which would blot
out the rely remetobrati:e of them for evert aqd

plunge them headlong into the gulph of slavery. We
have before said, and we repeat it now, for it is
equally applicable to other countries as to France, that
as to the supposed danger of yielding to the desires
of the'peop!e, v<e can only say,-.4hat we are lynch
more strongly impressed with the danger of thwart-
ing them. The people have far more wealth and far
more intelligence now thin grey had in former times ;
and therefore they
.ought to have, and they must
have, more political power.- The daeger is not in
yielding to this swell, but in endeavouring to resist
it. If properly watched and managed, it n only
beer the vessel of the State more proudly and steadily:
along; if neglected, or rashly opposed, it will dal:h
her on the rocks and shoals of a sanguinary revolu-
tion.

There does not seem to he any good ground for
believing the report put forth of changes in the
French Ministry. If it were intended to hasten the
explosion that SoPMS to he apprehended, no better
signal could be given than the dismissal or resigna-
tion of the liberal .party in the Government. We
perceive by the Gazelle de Prance of Sunday, that
M. BIAC44', who was the Prime Minister in the
Royal Government before, is not to return' to
France. But he is hovering about in Belgium, with
avowed intentions of going to Naples, probably in
expectation of a call. Is the notification we allude
to, inperted to calm any apprehensions that may be
entertained of his return to power ?

The French Papers are now venturing to he more
diffuse in their details of the rebellions and outrages
in the S outh. We quote an article from Nimes on
the subject, %%hie'', added to the King's Proclama-
tion which we gate yesterday, and the private
accounts we insert to-day, will give the render
an idea of the state of affairs in one part of
and the re-actions that are going on. Among
the rallying cries now in use 44 NAPOLEON TIIE
tiCONI) is allowed to be one," and 44 Union and
forca"• is added generally, with characteristic ve-
hemence and ondicriced signification. But tho
mixture o,` religious animosity with political
differences, which the fanatical zeal of the Duke and
Duchess of ANGOIJIIIME and 'the rest of the interested
and Emigrants, have so much tended to
foment, has done the most mischief, and this has, in.
deed. been serious.

The following are the few articles worthy of at-
tention in the Papers received to-day :

EPROM THE GAZETTE DE FRAVCE, SEPT. 31

Lord Stewart arrived on the 3ath ult. from Lon-
don, bringing, it is said, the signature to the 'Plenty
of Peace, or important Preliminaries, signed by the
Prince Regent.
It is thought that the opening of the Chambers
will not take plare, owing to a variety of causes,
before the 20th of September.
It appears that the head-quarters of Prince Blucher
will continue at Alencon, and will not be trans-
ferred to Caen, as has keen reported.
it appeals certain that Jerome Bonaparte will re-
side at the Castle of Ellevangen, in Wirtemberg.

COUIttER EXTRAORDINARY, Sunhav morninE,,.

This day the King of Prussia will give flags to the
regiments of his army who had not received any
before; the Emperors of Russia and Austria will
assist at this ceremony.
The Rusvian troops who were at Provins, and at
Nangis, have just left those cities for the camp of
Vertus.

It is said that the Es-Marshal bloncey is to he
confined at Birdie, in the department of the Moselle,

aid it is reported that he is about to set out fur that
place.
N. do Blacas does not return to France ; he is at
present in Belgium, and will go to Naples.
The Council of War to preside over Marshal Ney
will he composed of Marshals Jourdan, Victor,
and Marmont ; Generals Maison, Clypercae, and ,
Pic.

Ntsmcs, At:G. 26.—For some days the fcrmenta-
lion has been excessive ; the partizans of Napoleon
of a malignant joy, tit!:l circulated reports of I
new triumph. Some c.f them even bad the ands-
city to cry cut Vive Napoleon IL! The police ar-
rested some of the disturbers, and others were sacri-
ficed to the fury of the people.
News had come that symp oms of rebellion had
appeared in la Vautotge and la Gardonnenque, and
that meetings of the rensants of the country, of the
Chiefs of the factions, and the Federates of this city,
had taken refuge there. However we did not n;yre-
hend in !hr.e symptoms the plan of a combined re.
volt ; the events of yesterday and to-day have de-
feated their projects by a premature development of
them.

An Austrian column has been here since the 24th,
nod the necessity of procuring it quarters in the
barracks, hail caused a regiment of Royal horse
Chasseuis, oho ►►ere in garrison, to leave it ; its ad.
vanced guard was at :Vats, a Tillage a league from
Nismes, and was there when its Commander, Eugene
de Csbrieres, followed by the individual who gave
him this information, thought it his duly to proceed,
without distrust, against this avemblage, in order to
reresent that Isis regiment had no hostile views
against the country, and that by superior orders he
put himself into garrison at Alas ; immediately two
eentinels fired. Perieux. the Mayor, was killed, and
M. de Cabrieres was wounded : ► the arm, and he
withdrew with his company with the loss of ono man,
who was killed by a fire from the houses of the vil.

m
'4* *aft
lage. The regiment suspended its march, and it,.
formed the authority of the department of what
ufsoturinadnaimseptedztintoits join
march i; b i;
taken place.
Yesterdawc
which 800
theyA
trleiegimrele eititl's ; the Austrian Commander sent to then'
to throw down their arms and to disperse;
dared to propose a capitulation, which it was import
Bible to reconcile with the submis,ion due to rk,
Government. The Commander declared that 14
would not capitulate with rebels, arid upon
saver being received they tenessed their fire: font
Austrians were killed and nine wounded. Tey
marched upon them, and after a battle of two hoots,
in which they left sixty men killed and three pri.
tmers, subdued them. One of the latter was a fwe.
rate of Nimes, aho with his two comrat!es has been
shot by the order of the Austrian General Stahreala
berg.
Another Austrian column departed about two
[ hours ago, and is to be followed by a esrlsirieroble
[ detachment of our National Guard. The &ie. of
[ this expedition is to disarm the disaffected part of
the department.
It is said the Er-General Gilly, and a lAwyet
had organised this insurrection, whose ramibealiehr
appear to extend to the Cevennes; it is even ,aid
that proclamations are spread in that neiglibuarho.4
for the purpose of exciting the inhabitants to I re.
volt.

Moreover, according to the best information,
General Gilly has not sufficient regular fore" (9
make heed against all the danger which is in bis
is for that reason that he intrigued and did al
that he possibly could with the peasants who were
able to bear arms—these wretches thus expose thee.
selves to parish at the despotism of a General OL
cer, who seems to have in view to sell his life dear
to sire himself from ihe consequences of the Royal
Ordonnance of the 2IN July. It is said that be
carries on this war in the name of Bonaparte as
rebel and a partizan. There are now 7000 Austria'
troops in the department do Gard, and moons
reinforcements are expected to arrive.
Brussels Papers to the .4th inst. and Frankfort to
the 31st ult. arrived to-day, and brought the follow
ing nrticles

BRUiSEL4, SEPT. 2.—There still continue tomb*
'daily on our canal, vessels loaded with artillery,
ammunition of all kinds, and military stores, coming
from England, and a great quantity more is still ea-
! petted. The quays of the canal are covered wilt
!wary artillery, carronades, howitzers, mortars, and
a quantity of balls, &c. It it said, that large maga.
ziises of these articles will be formed here.
1 The Friedland, of 80 guns, built at Antwerp,sa.
der the Government of Bonaparte, arrived en tli
25th of August, at Flushing. This bne vessel is
now to be called the Retains:.
FRANK FORT, AUG. 28.—Preparations are already
ibeginning to be made for the reception of the Diet
of the Empire which is to he opened here an the It
of November next. It is pretended that several
modifications of the Compact of the Conf•deration of
Germany, which are particularly desired by &Waal,
will be itroposed to it, and that the articles of tie
general peaces which will not he concluded till that
time, sill he communicated to it.
Baron Albini will preside in the name of the Ea.
peror of Anstria, as head of the Confederation.
STRASIURG, AUG. 21.—We learn that the Priam
of Hohenzollern has fallen ill, and that Lieutenant.
General Vacquant is daily expected hick, who %sill
bring instructions concerni•ig the new posi:ious Is
be taken by the Austrian and Bavarian army.
Batus,rt.s, Sire. 2.—They write from Leiptie,
that the lencds of the Prussian treasury have 1001
experienced a considerable rise. The finances et
that kingdom prosper, and public credit imprers
daily.

VirKNl, ACG. 2e.-0,1 the (Rh of this month,
the Conttni,sionors of his :Majesty solemnly took
possession of the districts of Z o,•Low, Brum+.
Tarnopol, and Zdesczyk, in East Galli:ir, which
was ser:unto': from it by the Treaty of Vienna. is
11.1119, and were ceded back again by Russia to A'
tria by a Treaty cutic'uded on the 3d of May, ai
year, between the two Courts.
They write from Preshurgh that the Dinuhe lot
overflowed its banks in many places near that
city, and done great damage.
In the county of Neutra, the inundation of
river Wag has been still more disastrous, whole til•
'ages have been st% ept away, and many people ail
large quantities of ca!tle have perished.

EXTRACT OP A LETTER. FROM AM OFFICER 0% woo

OP HIS SLIJESTY's SHIP WAH.RIOH, DATED

MOOTII, SEPT. 5:

" The WarriGr man of war sailed from Jatraio
company with the Electra gun-brig, and PO cad
merchantmen under convoy, on the 10th of Ju
lt
On the 9th of August, at four I'. M. near the 114.1'`
of Newfoundland, it began to blow hard from 114
south-east, with very thick weather; at a (tar"
past four chipped a heavy ,01,which carried awl"
iee quarter, boat, qu trter-deek, gangway, and le•
castle bulwark, also our boats, five is ottmhors
tFrt
were stowed on th.., bonnie, a.mid,h W,- th4a
observed a ship en the lee-bow, about ICO
fart
from US : at Oils Montelar *IP broke OW tiller 3PI
e:lrriPll away our rudder-head, and soon after (1
hoard the George merchantman, where we Is, 4.41°
lime besting each other to pieces. Thecorie's "`it's

!HE STATESMAN.

were carried away, and our anchor stove in her sides. NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. WATER LOO SUBSCRIPTION. •
To this sicking state the ship's compaoy, sixteen in ;
17, 11
r. General Meeting of the Subicribersor the Relief of the Sufferers at the
number, got on hoard of us, including two children. ' DEAL, SEPT. s,—Arrived and sailed for the River,
Yt:ste9laterloo, was held at the Thatched-house
Tavern, for the purpose of receiving ft communica.la
she then dropt her stern, and in a few minutes went the Ocean, Banktcorth, Sappho, and Friendship, from
to the ;1V
down, with the Master, one man, and a child.—To Jamaica, and a few more, names not known.—Sailed Rattle
of
get the Warrior before the wind, we cot away our the llippolita, for Newfoundland; Lustre, for Ile& tine from the London Committee, and for other pur-
mizemmast and hove our anchors overboard, but fax; Jane, for Quebec; and Elizabeth Sophia, for poses. At about two o'clock the Duke ef York took
It had not the desired effect. We then strove to Surinam. the
bury, ysßuitsirinoprtendfltyLotihldeoAn:cahbci.shoip,heofasCsearnntbeiry-
(!,ha their'
throw over-board part of our guns, but were unable
.1 i)oarsatovit, SEPT. s.—Sailed his Majesty ship b
was by no means nnmerous.
so to do, owing to the ship being nearly on her , PrevCsante, for Dantzic; and Snake, for the East- ,
broadside, and in some degree water-logged. yell , ward. The Secretary haring read the proceedings of the
last mewing,
then cut away our mainmast and got a tiller shipped PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 4.—Came in his Majesty's 81144 Mr. Berm ,/ 1.050 rose end observed, that he
in the ward-room, when she righted, which enabled Chesapeake, Resolve, and Insolent.—Sailed the D. as deputed by the Committee of the London Ta.
as to throw over-hoard twelve of our main deck fob store-ship. tern In attend the present meeting, to make a com-
munication respecting the scale of distribution it
would recommend. This scale, formed on the prin.
ciple of that of the Patriotic Fund, hsd already been
laid before hill Royal Highness the Duke of York,
and he believed that it would receive his sanction,
for which the Committee of the City of London were
now waiting.
The Duke of Yona observed, that having PlA-
milted the scale which the Hon. Gentleman had some
days ago put into his hands, he found thit it entirely
coincided with his views and wishes.
Mr. Bs.arrom Loo added, that the scale sub-
mitted to his Royal flightless would now admit of
augmentation, in consequence of the increase of eon.
tributi..... Ile remarked upon the relief hitherto
afforded by the Porintic Fetid, Which granted an-
nuities to the patent of 30001. and requested that
some Gentleman of the Committee at the West end
of the town should attend the Committee in the
East, to itsalwrt the distribution.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY did not think
such a proceeding at all necessary. The Committee
to which be betonged were much flattered by the
proposal ; but he thought the distribution could not
be in better hands than- that to which it was now
confided.
Mr. Alderman Rowceorr observed, that as yet
nreliiii4 definitive had been settled by the Committee
at the London Tavern, regarding the scale of distri-
bution ; it was yet :tit; lattice, and assi-tance would
be gladli received, that every care might be taken,
that rank, service, and situation might he duly at-
tended to in the formation of a scale for the distri-
bution.

guns; at this lime the wind shifted to the south-west
and we got her before it, but found the lower deck
ports under water, aud ten feet and a half water in
the hold—ill hands to the pumps, when we soon
gained on her. At this time the gale,whicts had lasted
forseten hours, began to moderate, and by two o'clock
A, M. on the 10th we had nearly freed the whole
water. Our bed-rooms, powder-magazines,
provision-roams, and almost every other place in the
interior of the ship got filled with water during the
gale, which bad nearly destroyed every thing therein.
About forty sail of the convoy, we understand, are
dismasted, and se►eral foundered during the gale.
We hare spoken ships bating on board the crews of
Ire others.

The Genetic of last bight offers a reward of a hun- I
Bred guineas fur the discovery of the murderer of
Isabella Young, and a pardon to any except the actual
perpetrator of the crime.
We do not know from what authority a French
Paper gives the following:—" An English Officer,
named Joux ALTA NSON, was shot last week at Cher-
burgh its a sentinel, after he had answered his call.
The Officer lived 36 hours afterwards, during which
time he never ceased requesting mercy to be shown to
the soqier. who was arrested and carried before a
Cnuocil of War. In his defence, he said he mistook
him for a Prussian, whom he suspected to have come ,
in disguise into the city."
By a ship from the Brazils sAlvices were received
yesterday. The following refers to the state of
affairs at Buenos Ayres :

" RIO JANEIRO, JULY 7.—We have had several
arrivals from the River Plate. ARTIC.%S haJ issued a
Proclamation, declaring that he would not afford
assist I IleP to British persons and property, after the
expiration of 15 dsy i, and of c.rurse great confusion
prevailed among our residents there, the time being
so short. The conduct of this native Commander is
ascribed to two catie4 : the fear of the armament
expected from Cadiz, and the refusal of our Govern-
meet to repel it."

The Allied troops in France have be.-n amongst
tl,e most strenuous supporters of the Corn Bal.—
T.,ey 'sill take sufficient care that there shall he no
i•apertatinn of corn from France during the ensuing
year, to hurt the agricultural intersts of England.
Cdcutta Journals here reached us to the end of
April. A general promolon has taken pl,ce in the
armies in India. The Calcutta Monthly Recorder', ii
for April, says—" The Right Hon. the Getternor-
General was visited .by the Rajah 'tirR*URTPORE, it
Futtepore Sekree, on the 19th ultimo, and on the
following morning his Lordship returned the Rajah's
visit. By letters express, dated the 17th ultimo,
from General OCIITEKLONY, accounts were received
of the surrender of the foreof Ramgurhe an the pre-
ceding day. On the morning of the 18th oltimo, an
express from the camp of Major-General OCIITER,
LON Y, was received at the head-quarters of the Go-
vernor-General at Futtyghur, announcing the sur-
render
of the Fort of Tarsghur to Colonel Cooreit's
detachment. A road for the eighteen pounders had I
been previously prepared with great labour; and the
batteries opened about ten A. M. on the 10th ultimo.
The place fell on the night of the 11th ; and one ac-
count states that the garrison are prisoners of war."
The celebrated sculptor, Canova, who has recently
arrived at Paris to execute a statue in marble of the
Empet or Alexander, at the request of the Senate of t
St. Petersburgh, was the favourite artist of Bonaparte,
by whom he was engages' to form the colossal sta-
tue that was to adorn the triumphal arch then erect-
ing beyond the Champs Elysees. The style of Canova
is purely after the antique, his figures are in general ;
naked. When he introduces drapery, it is with'
great caution, awl in the light broad folds of Grecian
costume. In the design and execution of allegorical •
subjects he is said to surpass all other modern artists.
A child of shout three years of age was crushed to
death, on Monday night, in its mother's arms, in
going through Bortholomew Fair. •

THE THEATRES.

Drury-lane has not undergnne any alterations be-
fnre the curtain, since the (low of the last season,
but several judicious improvements have been made
behind, for the purpose of working the scenery,
wings, and flies, with more ease and correctness.

The herring fishery this season is generally very
productive. The whole coast about Eyemouth is
literally swarming with that excellent fish. The
quantity taken on Tuesday and Wednesday was
greater than any person now alive at Eyemuuth ever
saw brought in. On Tuesday a boat belonging to
Coldingharn caught as many as not only loaded her-
self fluid a cable, but also another drave-hoot ; the
quanti'y was reckoned about nue hundred thousand.
On Wednesday another boat had such a vast number
in their nets, that their ropes broke in drawing them,
from /;,e great weight of the fishes ; of course all
Went bottom and were lost. They aredt pre-
rent selling from Gs. to 104. per barrel, and 15d. per
hundred.

There was but a thin muster of the corps dramatic
yesterday morning, in the Green-room of New
Drury, several of the principal Performers not hav-
ing reached town. The Mesdames, however, assem-
bled pretty numerously, and high and low received
the " compliments of the season," and the custo-
mary welcome kiss from that Manager. The !Goals
is said to be the ()peeing Comedy, with, if possible,
The Maid and Me Magpie, the parts of which have
been transmitted into the country, to the several
persons who are to fill up the dramatis persoace.
The new decorations at Covent-garden Thi6atre are
of the most otli°endid description; the staircases to
the boxes are all newly painted, and the iron ban-
nisters silvered over; the saloons ate coloured in
imitation► of costly cabinet wood, richly mounted
with silver moulding. The ornaments on the front of
the boxes are now distinctly made out, and the roses,
thistles, and the shamrocks are plainly to be seen
from the opposite side of the hou■P. The proscenium
of the stage will produce a most brilliant effect. All
the interiml avenues are to be lighted with gss.
While the Proprietors thus manifest their zeal in
the service of the public, we cannot pass over with-
out notice the liberal concession they have made to
the gen-2ral opinion, -upon the subject of an addi-
tional price for admission to the pit.

Mr. LAURIE thought that until the extent and
proportions were settled, tet:perary relief might be
afforded to the sufferers.
Mr. Alderman ROWCROFT replied, that in the course
of ten weeks, not more than 100 applications had
yet been made, and those chiefly frnm Lieutenant-
Colonels, Majors. and Non-commissioned officers,
though it had been advertised often through the
three kingdoms that temporary relief would be given.
This relief would not he required while the sufferers
were with the army or in the hospitals, due care
being taken of them there, but after discharge or re-
turn to this country. To widows the pensions
would be given, not to be spout abroad, hut at.
home. It was impossible at present 'o fit the pro-
Cis4k scale, for it could not be known what would he
the amount collectet!, or the Pewit of claim upon
the fund, but the design was to give to sufferers a
relief that might be considered almost a perpetuity.
The amount of money now collected was not less
300,0001. in the whole ; but there were 90,000
men engaged of the British army only, calculating
that army at 40,000 British troops, and 50.000 allies, 1
under the immediate command of the Duke of Wet.

Mr. LAURIE put a question regarding what part
of the sum collected was to be applied to the British
only, and what part to the British and Prussians
jointly ?
Mr. Alderman RowcaorT answered, that the sums
collected under the King's letter in the various
parishes was to be applied to the relief of the Prus-
sians as well as of the British.
The same Gentleman who put the last question re-
commended that the funds should be concentrated as
muck as possible, and that the efforts of each Com-
mittee should be in the same direction ; for this rea-
son he wished to know whether the collections made
in the churches of Scotland, amounting, he believed,
to 12,0001. were to be applied to the single or to the
double purpose of relieving both the British and the
Prussians ?
Mr. Alderman Rowcaorr said, that in Scotland
the subscribers had neither heard nor thought of the
Prussians; their attention was entirely directed to
their own people, who had suffered so severely; what
was otherwise obtained by private Means was con-
sidered to belong to the joint fund, and was so en-
tered on the books.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY observed open
the difficulty attending such a separation of objects;
two Committees were existing with distinct Trea-
surers, and sums were transmitted to both : doubtless
the great purpose was to give relief to the sufferers
of the British Army; for it ought not to be for-
gotten, that besides the aid we should att•ord to the
Prussians, they had a subscription at home to look
to for aid.
Mr. Lowtstses, after adverting to the difficulties
some bankers felt upon the respective funds, pro-
posed what he conceived a very feasible plin, that
would, no doubt, be productive of a very la• ge sum :
he wished to know why a lonely should not he esta-
blished, to be called the Wellington Lottery, by
which all might contribute, and all have a prospect
of advantage in return ? He also suggested, that a
number of uninhabited houses on the Hammersmith
road should he purchased, at a cheap rate, as re-
sidences for Ruo widows of officers, which might be I
called Wellington College. lie thought an improve-
ment would he made if the Committees far the WY.
terino Subscription should meet nt the Vest end of
the town only, near the offices of the Army Agents; ,
such a situation would he infinitely more convenient
for those who had to make application fur relief.
Mr. Alderman Rowceorr objected to the removal
as unnecessary, since all personal communik
had been, and would be avoided ; they rook! pro-
duce no better consequences than communications by
letter, which always came free of postage. Personal
interviews would only be (!istressing to the feelings,
and would occupy infinitely too much time.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY recalled the at.
tention of the Meeting to its particular object—the
gectiriag of a communication from the London Com-

Mrii•dat• se'rrniolit the Earl of DnNOUGHMORE and
loud flu•icrirssom arrived at Knocklofty from Eng-
land.

Toe:day the Pool Mail was overturned near Bag-
51^t ; the pacseligers and corchman sustained trifling
iipry, but the guard dislocated his shoulder.
DOG.—" In our Paper of the Sth of
Jul% last, we ii,diced the miraculous escape of Lieut.
Frqlik Warde, of the Rocket Corp., nephew of Gen.
irdu, at the hattie of Waterloo ; and his los' of a
f You I it'. dog on that memorable day. Lieutenant W.
iftfrwards advanced with the Prussians to Versailles,
whPre he was wounded—hut subsequently joined his
awn corps, and marched with part of the British army
t" Neufchatel (a distance of 400 miles from %%Tater.
10,), where, five weeks after the battle, he was joined
h) his faithful dog, wounded, sod having lost the use
or one leg ;"—(Cambrian.)

mittee, regardioi the scale of d; .t ihution. Titrat
communication had now !serif made, sod he there.
fore moved a Itosoluticin of roinks to the Committee
of the London 'favertt,
_expressitei of the eritiie Con.
6dence of the present Meeting.
It was put from the Chair by the Duke of You,
and carried unanimously.
Mr. BEESTON LONG expressed his grafi. tide in the
name of the Commi tee of the City, wiiich had but
one common object with that of Westminster.
Mr. LOWNDEg explained, that it was only to *sW
trouble, and not from any want of confidence, that
he wished the Committee to rernore to the welt end
of the town.
Thanks were then voted unanimously to the Doke
of York for his conduct its the Chair, and the Meiet
ing adjourned.
