THE STATESMAN.

• 11. + •

. A •

THE COURIER AND THE CAUSE OF

FREEDOM.

The fullowi;g observation: (from the :baiter:ham, Hull Paper)
on the pernicious nod degrading doctrines which the Cu ur irr
Newspaper is now Ai) to favrpar the
cause Of arbitrary limier in this ronutry, , and the extraordi• '
nary and disgraceful cu trast w•!tich the pre-rut conduct of
that Paper afford., compared with its former zeal in the ca use of
liberty and popti:ar rigid, are penned with so morn molt.
reason, and claws: lice, Coat we sithinit them to sir [trailer•
in preference to any remark, is hien our obis feel-
logs tray have prompted a: tie citotemplation of so much bier
servilit) in rine, and rim.. than one, of those who pretended to
be actuated by pa,riotie principles, but who are, indeed,
only fit to exist in ine recious of slavery and despotism, and
who have furnished examples of a postacy which the rerords of
all they trenoutte; in France cannot parallel.

A Cnrunna Mai', con,
packet, arrived yesterday.
from Vera Cruz at Cadiz,
Coot t. Also 2,372,112 di
of silver, in ingots, with 1
61.1;75 pmunds of cochinet
Hon IL IP M
Gueros,•y, Nov. 4.—" A
apparently shout 60 year
name to he Thomas Fooki
sided at Truro, came here
purpose, as he said, of
. this island and Jersey, wi
sided at Cole's lintel, in
whilst there, conducted him
ty. After breakfast, yest'
take a walk near Fort Geo 4
fore dark, as two men were
of the shore towards which

walked, they discovered
water, near the cliff. The
feet deep over the body,
took up, and conveyed to
proved to be that of Mr. Ft
wit) opened. A severe woui
and several bruises on the '
that otherwise the state rl
feet health. There can be ,
ceased was murdered, robbed
cliff, near to which he war -
to have a pocket-book, a
mounted spectacles in his
nor any money whatever,
—We have made enquiry
and unfortunately there is
the person above described.
what amount of property he
his (mil v last heard from hi
near Weyesoutb.—( !Vest

CORN F.IICRANOR. Nov. 17
this as .riiing, yet NI iodas's pi
s4l:,ply of fLotev. nl a teiliscli.in
saiiiiiiiita ‘Vritilemlits's prie.
Wheat (Kalish) 42 7
Magi (Foieigit) 4l 74
Itse
tlitrlev "6 53
New tiiit••
Malt -964
White l'eas l4 Al
NeVi &nit)
Ditto t4,sileni 3q 42
birei etnab ... 34 So 1
5:111111FIFLD W
To slat the (Wel,
Ore/ ... 4. .11i 4. ho 21. 1
Atimin . 0.. I. 5. 'U..i
rPRiI 6. 04. ta 7s. 41.11
Prk it. 01 t. 5. IP.
Lo. h . i• 0. 0
HA Y-1414
41. N.
•re• .... 51. 41.. 0.1
Straw .... IL 19p. 044,

IL;

criminals most atrocious, (Mtge of sos r:osinrryist4' •
who venture to disappros, of fortiog a mon:reit,
though fashissiishly le,i irmote, upon an on tilling
people. We contend,. however, that it Wool* crime
ia itself considered, any 'rime
.than it is a crime' ist
ns to disapprove of the present construction of oar
uattu, .ti topresensetion, of a large standing armv, of
pensions, and sinereres, or to wear the Foxite livery
of Woe and bortf. Bot it would seem that French
Chambers, with the Coarier„ are determined e•il to
ha re two opinions in Freoce either of the acts of Go-
vernment oo the divine qualities. elf the Gorernor.;
and the method they ailepted in attaiiiitig that end is
as wise as theend•is just. They muzzle every mouth
Bast is not opeited to sing the ',raises et legitimacy
and at Nantes it appears thet a war has hewn to be
waged ngsitost.pinks nod violets, which of course
will not be suffered to deforsn the face of nature any
but he extermi!inteol, or.ssitht
to the absence of more ifiterestiter matter we have loci in that country,
their growers and wearers, deported to a foreign soil.
determined to m ike a remark or two on some ob-
Their cooduct is that of men just emerging from
semeiotic taken out of last %Veditesilev'S Cottrier,.
more for the sake of inculcatinff very t;tiely right careen under ground in w loicb they have lived alt
'• • their li• s seem to know (h. tic fth
principles of action than of exposing the profligacy , . C. • i°
e
norm, nor of )
the nature of man : nor to have t
at
and want of true 13,itisti feeling in that unprincipled idea there
vehicle of news. By every reader of that Paper, ithn;tll fit
ny iiw I I:raeyofheguitlnt (I; f°,11106 .I?e,,,!httavainatialsir,ear-t.
during the last seem al months, it must base been
inspected that it is either sold to the minions ofe"‘"ele'religtel'eolf it 0(144 s.
in •I heir idle and compassei
useli es they can mike no allowance for the
Louis or that the Editor has completely pelt
COII, in
4.1 ,
of the gtishmaii. No Englishman, escept a le. y this event :—" We think so end we
Esi
make tout do the same." Tile essence of these
Delgado, could write as he dot tent es; for there is not au r oro o 'di'v' right of Wow is unerring"
Helot laws cosepsiseil in this short sentence:
act of tisurpution or tyranny exercised on the The divine
truth aunt
neat, and especially iu France' ,which does not tissil
vehicle of diffusion is a I revelry mandate., or..
in him a strenuous, ready, awl unidualoing advocate.
Nay, the two Chambers, in their zee', subserviency, h
y, • •
'till a slave ship, and writ
•
of cnniocriton. They must shortly waist another
and hatred to liberty, seem to mote too slowly f,ir
B .1 : d they, t have better Chief Go-
the vindictive and rage of this champion for
st:rsrl6oll%haliall theleP,d'ellitr:lrn°of theGo'llerier.. According
despotism, whose proper place is at the feet of the
to I.is own account, his 46 anion with his emploser
Grand Seignior. 'Pile following is the paragraph to .
will he peffeet and hos (rigorous action will be suf.
are e have above alluded. It is a merles( two- fieiel itiv apparent'
to all. 66 H. will be anxious toduction, compared with many preceding ones ; but
shssw there is no difference betwixt his pi inciples and
it belrays the tone and temper of the man, and suss-
measures and those 44 the Legislative." " ife will
mates doctrines of which the people in this island
(Wow of no dances." " Ile will destroy the very
ought to shudder.
race of pinks and sinless." 64 He will make the
" There is rather a pause in the proceedings of , soldiers wear the white cockade whether tit.y like it
the two Chambers—that is, they seem to be engaged or toot." IV'impurte liking. What busine.ot Sas a
in discussions which do toot appear to be immediately soldier to talk of liking? or any body else ? if that
necessary or adapted to the present moment. Of liking be not to the taste o: The Courier end the
this kind is the discussion brought Oil by M. Hyde Chambers ? It is impossible to read these ravings of
de Neusille. They are subjects for quieter times, for an English quondam patriot, and the news contained-
less agitated state of the public feeling. The whole in the French Oiticial Papers, and not be filled with
mind and force of the Legislature should be directed disgust and contempt. They demonstrate neither
to the eradicating the revolutionary spirit, and the the opinions of enlightened men, nor the seller's of
punishing or keeping down those turbulent men that men who bad either acquaintance with books or es-
)et have the revolutionary furor as strong as ever.— perience amongst their fellows. They take every
Two excellent laws undoubtedly have been passed— thing on trust themselves, and they are not ouiy
those relative to arrests amid to seditious practices.— surpassed but indignant that others do not the same.
But have not our readers remarked, in the circular --'They are strangers to every mode of operating ors
of the Minister of Police, that he appears to be un- the human mind but by force, and employ force to
willing to carry the law upon arrests into execution effect a change of opinion, they are furnishing not
in all the spirit and strength given to it by the Chem. only justification but weapons to every present and
hers? Does he wish it to be supposed that the Ese- future profligate assertor -
anise Government conceives the measure to be too a the human rave. If ti
harsh :itorl rigid its its provisions, thus tending to the cositemptible Ferdinal
bring the Legislature into odium—a very reprehensi- as one of the enlightened
ble conduct on the part of the Minister if the sup. cellent laws assert*, 64 si
position be well founded. lie should lather he anx-
Goo, and it is not given to
ions to show that there is not the slightest difference
and if, as another of them,
with respect to principles or measures between the
F,xecatioreaosaLLegivJative. Au, idea to the contrary upon Lanjuitais, for public
probation, such public disai
can only serve to give spirits and encouragement to derogatirm from Hord A,
the disaffected." be punished? what lons Fl
Oh shame! yet the eulogist of these laws, so excel. on and say, " I will it."
lent that, as was asserted in the Chamber of Peers, great respect for Ferdinand
800,000 spies would be let loose on the French pit- land be upon their guard.
pulatien, and the lives and fortuties of that wretched,
people put into the hands of a hoard of dependants
whose merit must consist in furnishing victims to the
fears and cruelty of their employers, was formerly,
forsooth, the Secretary of the once lamed Constilu.
tional Society in this country ; an advocate for re•
form ; a fiimel of the people. In what their excel-
lency consists we endeavoured to explain last week,
and that excellency we again aver, is, that they are
savage, cowardly, and calculated to answer all the
purposes of utofeeling despotism. Letters dc cachet,
during the ancient Bourbon regimen, so much the
object of reprobation, were tender mercy compared
with these enactments. Their executors tire liable
to no responsibility. They cannot he called to ac-
count for abuse of their power; for in the very cir.
cular of instructi ins (vide first page) of whose mild.
111.43 and moderation our hero so bitter ly complains,
all the remedy to be obtained for an usojustitiable ar-
rest, is, that the arrested shall he set at liberty with
all convenient dispatch. Would the Courier like
such a law as this to be establishes! in England ? We
sometimes think that Isis leaning is very much that
way. Rut would he like to have some fellow or
other planted at his own door, or behind his curtain,
or ordered to follow him along the street just to catch
a few unconnected words capable of any construc-
tion, amid then run to the Prefect with 66 I have dis-
covered a traitor ?" Would he like to he clapped up
in a dungeon ins such a score, and after a formal en-
quiry before the Prefect, at the end of a few week's
imprisonment, to be told you may go about your bu-
siness, whets, perhaps, that business is entirely
ruined ? Oh ! but I am a loyal mars, he exclaims, and
am ready to kiss the foot of any legitimate sovereign
in the world. Such laws are not for the love!, they
are only for " eradicating the revolutionary
spirit, and to keep down the turbulent men
who have the revolutionary furor as %hong
as ever." And what is this revolutionary
furor upon which he is so severe? In truth, nothing
in the world but a dislike to the family and former
policy of the House of Bourbon. If a desire fur re.
voll'6oll in itself considered be so great a crime, who
are more criminal than the Bourbons themselves ?
and what does this apostate from liberty and dis-
ciple of arbitrary power think of the projectors of
our own glorious revolution, which effected the ex.
pulsion of the then legitimate race of kings ? The
strict meaning of the phrase, in this article, is dissa-
tisfaction with the existing state of things and a dis-
like to the Bourbon family, not for the name and fa-
mily connexion, but because the 'listing 'starches
have not degenerated from the stock, but partake
of its nature and properties in all their deformity
end baseness. This dislike is surely not its itself a
crime. If that could be made cut, it must be a crime,
every where, in an Englishmen as well as a French-
man, and so indeed the Courier seems to think it is,
not scropliug, on many occasions, to designate as

.:

111
t.:11
I. 4
*!
...1
' It'
t. 1
• .
I •
4
.
,
..
..,..
.-'
t
1 .
.. i
' .
1
. ..
v
t'

• •
ap•ms to every present and
of his own light to dispose
they ere right, in what Is
land of Spain wrong? If,
advocates roc these two et-
all authority proceeds from
!o the people to dispose of;"
•••
ens, in tolling for a censure
jotting his speech of olisap.
isapprobation be n culpable
Authority, which ought t• _
Ferdinand to de but to ge •.r
Yet The Courier has no
sd ! Let the.people of Eug-
iveyed by the Frederick
y. A frigate had arrived
z, with dispatchoa to the
dollars, acid 191.4 5 mares
Int ounces of gold, auti
'CI.
E‘tract of a letter, dated
A respectable looking man,
ire of age, who stated his •
tes, and that his family re-
e some days since, for the
contracting for supplying
ith corn, beef, &c. He re.
in the market-place, and,
himself with great proprie-
sterday, he left the inn to
!orge. In the evening, be-
ere in a boat, on the part •
ch he was supposed to have
the body of a man in the
he water was not above two
•, which they immediately
n the Town Hospital. It •
Fookes, and was examined
• ound appeared on the head,
body ; the surgeons slated,
of the body indicated per-
• little doubt, that the de-
stsed, and thrown over the
is found ; as he was known
watch, and a pair of silver
possession, none of ohich,
were found on the bisdy."
r of Mr. Foakes's family,
s little doubt that he was
ed. We have not learned
he had with him, es when
him, he was at his brother's,
Briton.)
I.—lini few rr.ive• isf Wheat
trees Wer • Olitaioleei.—.A g...b I
ri of 14.—C. rh, Peas, oil 0 its
ice..
j I kern
Old doto .......
Tick do. 7B :.;1 .
New —
Oat, tB ;.)
Fine ditto
Polan.l do. r.. 4;
Feel
Forte Flour ..... 1.0
1 *CMOs • 50 55
lARK FT. - Nov. 17.
ver %vow of Sit..
Head of Cattle this 4. w
I,enew .
Sheep ... 9, it
ra • 1..1
Ptio
IttK
.t. 10 fi! O. 04.
el. to tit. 6s Otl.
km. to 1.. 16..

F
THE STATESMAN.
IRELAND. • L. 4114 INTE LEIGENCg. ant and other
1
• • —iesa,.-_ --sows•-- are to he bun
COURT OF KING'S HENtil. DUBLIN, Nov. II Colin c OF CHANCERY, Nov. H. Mr. Aeaoi
DOCTOR TROY AND Tilt I TIMIS! eu.ven JURY. EMBREN V. COVENTRY. the case of It
This day, after twelve o'clock, the crier suet di- Mr. Hater aleilieil to the Lard Chancellor to re- against the sil
reefed by the Court to call the Rev. John Duffy, grind the order made for paying the money of Tile KING V
,
. who, it appeared, had been served with an order to Embden in the hands of Coventry into Court, or at ssust DEUS,
I attend the Court. lease, to proside that it should he done, without pre- DEFENDANI
i
The Rev. Gentleman not being its attendance, •joilice to 'N'nr. \Villiers, a third party, who had an These Deft
George French, Esq. as 111 s Counsel, assured the attachment no it. It appeared that about 1810, Mr. I ment upon a
Court, that he must have been detained by some ac- : Ernbtten contracted a debt of 10001. with Mr. Withers, dicrower char
cident, as he had seen hint at nine o'clock, when it and Mr. Withers being unable to get payment other- j ously tlisturbi
was hie determination to attend.- Mr. French .pray- wise, executed a warrant of attorney to obtain it by ;last case ; wh
ed the Court to postpone the matter till to.morrow, i instalments. Enibrlen represented that he could not
series of relit
to which the Court had acceded, when Mr. Duffy op- make up these instalments, and could not discharge indictments h
[iS peered, and was directed to come as near as possible 1 the debt till the successful termination of his suit The acts of c
to the Bench. with Coventry. Au agreement therefore was made Meeting-how
CHIEF JUSTICE.—TInw long, Sir, since you were uporr the condition of delaying the payment to the sod piece, of
appointed Catholic Chaplain to Newgate ? present time. Withers had lately obtained in the i several.of the
Rev. Mr. 9 nffy.—l really di. not know, my I Mayor's Court a judgment attaching Embden's debt Mr. Jravi
Lord; but the Grand Jury have appointed me for in the hands of Coventry. I tigation of pi
4 life, after a week's deliberation on my arguments, The Loon CHANCELLOR ordered the money to be Mr. Dsuri
V and— paid into Court on Tuesday, but would not decide were heard it
CHIEF it/STlcc.-ITave you diechareed the duties any thing with regard to its ulterior destination. The Colita
of a Chaplain since your appointment by the Grand Mr. BELL requested the Lord Chancellor to ap-
prisonment ei
Jury ? point a das to hear the petition in the case of Basely)
r •
• Mr. Duffy.—My Lord, I would have done it, if and to order the attendance of parties.
CAT IS7
uiy Prelate had not prevented me. Ills Lordship appointed an early day.
iCHIEF JUSTICE.—Was any violence offered to you „E.—,
by any person in the gaol, which could prevent your COURT OF K INO's ISENCH, Nov. 16.
We stated yes
attendance? REX V. JOHN PARR. Mr. ranstailt ji
Mr. Duffy.—Certainly not. The ATTORNLY•GENERSI. prayed the judgment of jOillillr ail. c..nr
CHIEF JUSTICE.—Then, Sir, you have not dis- the Ci•urt against t'. is Defemlatit, who was con- . been striper-it iil
Ahem( eleven 0
Charged the duty. : vired before Lord Ellerilsorough at Westminster, in of ate firmer pt.
Mr. Doffy.—My Lord, spiritual obedience is a ' the Sittings of er last Term, upon an indictment, rim, aflame, th
4 first princi;de of the Catholic Church, and 1 might as ' charging him—l st, with keeping a common brothel, ahnodr,,h'i.'n'ass.-7,,,,,
well attempt to destroy the entire Christian Church, , and '2tlly, with keeping a disorderly house. It ap- Datninalde artie.
as to snliv.,rt any one of the principles. , peered to have been a case of a very aggravated no. fire, end rommil
l Cuivv JUSTICE.— I merely oisined tb ascertain the tote. The Defendant put in au affidat it in mitigi- tphie,,7l,lreiteoll'il:cs,
fact, whether or not you discharged the duties of tion of punishment, stating that hp has now discon- as iihdaniiisar tar
Roman Catholic Chaplain to the gaol of New gate, , tinned the centroul and MailageMent of the house in cdrt:111:1.1 V. 4:11:1,
and I find you have not. Our conduct i: tilt eet,t4 question. Affidavits were put iii on the part of the „0„.,,j„.,.„;„,,,
by -an Act of Parliament, which we are hound to prosecution, showing that the Defendant had kept ing fr.,totent..nl
follow wit limit either abating or exceeding its direc- no less than 19 houses of the same description, and 1. In ""'n't"il
u,.. base he
-n
!Buret. It was Our province to recommend, if we now kepi three. • ra.ov be iith•tr.ii
thought proper, to the Grand .Tury to appoint a Ito- Mr. GcoNsy aildnessed the Court in inla behalf, have heared act
tri,r.ial
t man' Catholic Chaplain to Newgate ; we had no; And after a reply from the Arroussy-Gstimnar. ,nti,?.t.1.10',7::,..fi11.'•
E power to particularise any individual, and God for- in aggravation, ladier at d ..,n..
1 bid we ever should exceed our powers. The Grand Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
tore :we,s w
in the name of the Court, f"e Ihicnk Hi
Jury accordingly appointed this Gentleman ; but sentenced hip (after a SUittl'iiP admonition) to pay i pl,•ni.r.. tist•W
I owing to some Interference he has not discharged fine of 5001,t0 be imprisoned for one sear in the s rimer . ‘
the duties of the station, and therefore must be re- Mouse of Correction, to tied security for his good r.:11.'i5ti:,:17,7;;;!
!nomd by this Court, to which the Legislature has behaviour for three years, himself it. 10001. and two ~,c„,,,,,,,,, ,i,
entrusted the right of enquiry into the transaction. sureties in 2001. each, and that be be imp' iSotted e".-115Y- Is ;•"
tees - until the fine be paid and the eecerity rowel.
taken from Iliad.
lowed to attend. Ott the applicatiiirt sit Mr. GuRNEY, his recog. as having etti•da
• CUIEF JESTICE.—AII that is necessary for •es to nizances, which weer estreated (111 1V(4111e,(14Y, iii hc01air1ee7:111441,27.1
know is, that the Gentlemen did not attend.
_He consequence of his non-appoarainee, were now dis- ruins lasi oig,t
Bays he was prevented *• at charged, . mense heap of r
interruption of I
Mr. ,Dully —(interrupting).—By my superior, my THE RING V. WM. IZARri AND JOAN 110RELL. , it appear% its
Lord. I The jutLrovot of the Ceurt was . next moved on stool. and sir. 1
Catty JUSTICE (sarcastirally).—You may call these Ovferniants, who were convicted at the Sussex therf it'r"olc•iirl i!slei r"—zti
i Min your superior, air. if you wish ; and Inm sore Assizes, upon sit indirtmeitt charging them with NI, „4, „,,,Ii„,
you think him so, but I know nothing about him.— hating maliciously coliseired tuov her to injure and and bear ine the
if •4 the Gentleman been prevented by illness, or defame the firm of Messrs. I•Vigaey and Co. who are be """"'"!` (1
of u hoot hr lust
sty legitimate cause of absence, we should certainly banker- residing iir tiro fossil of Brighton, by pro-
,
earend to him the indulgence. which in such a case curio!; a tun upon their house, and by injuring anid Cottoai
be would have a right to espect. We most direct d facia; e their notes, so as to prevent their being re- Ves.e•da‘ if
• vent, before th
Ilia dismissal, and desire the Grand Jury to proceed issm.d.
A G. Soear, ai
to the appointment of another. It elyeared, from the statement of the evidence met their deeds
Mr. Dilly .—My 1,,,ra. I am appointed for life, prntlu,ed on the trial, that the Defendant Howell
cntliomneliOg. in the
and am to receive the salary whether in England, he- keeps it•e Ship Inn at Brighton, and the Defendant l'et'll 'l.i.erero.i,
land, Freticc, or America. The Grand Jury have Izard is a ciral-mer chant in the same town. Howell Otlyed :et a lab,
so determined. bevies( been indebted in the sum of strl. to Messrs. Her1"11,71":7,,,,Pri::
Mr. Eliza:co.—My Lord, I would beg leave to NI ignev and Co. these Gentlemen, after fro cent It4lited. Mr. 1
[ . oiler a few words on behalf of Mr. Duffy. • indulw-nta-s, at length peremptnrily demanded pay- soin-i time ?1,1•4;
Justice Osaottee.—Do you mean to deny the fact ment, and Howell paid his deli, by a bill drawn "its si7treilirstal.!).l.
1 of rinn-itlivirlarice? ! and accept.. 4 by, Izard. liuwoll was so much of- well its mo fires
Mr. Fnemcn.--Certainly not, my Lord.
tid
dto be revenged, and imintelititely proce.ll- 1,:„),„",.3ig„,,,,i wit!
Justice °sari:tee —Toots you can say nothing for.. fi:e"ollial I." Mvss".‘VigneY
and
Co.'s
just
deninud'
that
thrPriliini'3"‘!;;
the Geettem ii. led, with the assistance of his •friend Izatd, to pro- erl.(l(ing: tie he:
:; Mr. FRENCH.— I declare, my Lord, 'iii very hard ; cure all the notes of Messrs. Wigney and Co.'s bank 's'eltyler'r',4i".g.;::`,...l,lll,
if a respectable Officer of the Court, who is threat.; that they could, w lieh tb.,y sent in for payment ill a place, and ere,
ruled with dismissal, will not be allowed the hentait variety of ways —kont,:times by ostlers, at others by dieter-s was of,
of Counsel. portera, arid again, tied rowel the neck of a dog— „.t. "'
lf,v",t'asta..,,„""e,
Justice DALY.—Mr. French, if you mean to con- observine, that the only way to procure pence to a rev, minutes II
tend for the legal admis4bility of iiieran.e which pre- I Messrs. Wigney and Co.. would be to return one- 1 it;lnei ; arid illh,
. ,
to toed his attendance, I, for one, most certainly, half the note which Howell lind ►paid in liquidation aa„dri,,,,nr „. „if,
a Sill; not hear you. of his debt. This sr ene coutinueil for six seiteks, .et;.iree, a
Mr. FRENCII•—No, my Lord; what I mean to during which upe aids of 10,0c01. in ante., defaced ,:thren,miiit•hserrit;tlieist
show is, that the duty has been perfetneril by some and torn, were paid into th,r batik by the Defendants 11 et: ',reef. h
persons, and, therefore, that it is not a rose requiring 1 and their n.,ents, and [trek of Engl.iiitl notes de- cf his eittplo•er
the interference of the Court, as the object of the mantled in return. These tiotes, it appeired, hail iiihrd'i:,`,,oirnt:,;ra
• .116,.... Legislature has been satisfied. I been collected from various public-houses and trades- ereeersiel was hi
Justice OSBOIINE.—The Statute does not permit t men in the town, bearing of then
and remaia •,t t:
*lit the duty should he dune by proxy. Upall the part of the Defendants an affidavit was the holy of Air.
Mr. Fit rscir —My Lord, Dr. Troy threatened to put in, expressive of their contra ion and a illingriess lii,ar:;l• errel
excommunicate him. r I'
in pay all the Costs ill which tie Prosecutors hail fln rittro,•lm
"Alexan,i,r iii
Mr. Dutry.—Yes, my Lord, if I would even dis- heed pat, and to '• tthe Al. i
1 confess, by advert I,PIIIPII ill P rm. eir.raiii, o
. ,
tribute the bread. .. . public newspapers, their sense of their misconduct, and " e"""""
--..
Mr. Fusaco.—lle weulrl not even .allow him to presided they were not brought up for judgment. by wirki, Rat i'
. a ailment. utic
distribute the bread, my Lords. 1 have the letter Mr. I/ ..Nowl.cs arid Mr. 'GURNEY supported this were einpiriiil
of the Prelate in my hands, in which he threatens affidavit by a few remarks. crir d Laing. :
I.iin. . Mr. Serjeent Bese, for the prosertitinti, snitl, thr.4.s.•
The Fern
1 •rce W t imlicr
Cline JUTICE.—We most discharge our dirty, that the object of his Clielits was politic justice, and bath •le;e1.
1/avid Voirra ond therefore dismiss the G ent !emu n. I certainly not the paltry desire of potting a few ;mini& costa' v
latuotit his situation very much, but we have no dis- jo their pockets, lie „4,sea, Ilmt the D.f.„1.41.i0ns ill Cir a-e
0 IS Ilaere !hee);
.1
~,...y. ti.-ietllli left to ii.. All I shall say in addition to had shown nu signs of contrition till they were colt- i":"hkr",")
what 1 have already stated is, that if the I.ower of witted. lau good, and I
; lighted. A p,•;ti
ti t the Legislature, of this Court, and of tile Greed Sir Siatom I.v. Bs talc, in delivering the judgment . me.i. ft..4.harg.°l
I ^
v 1 Jury, to appoint a Roman Catholic Chaplain to of the ('sort, cernmented (Hi the enormity of the pied ien it'cl,ili
i',
-.yr. e1..11‘..• :11...retli
IN:peg:lle is denied, I certainly will not admit the offeeee il.,pated to the Defendmits, who, he vb. 'lr. i. 4 i
multiunit), of any other superior. served, being themselves tradesmen, must have Ni env Illiwr
•
• - known the value of crilit. The sentence of the Court • Ca.fli.visit.iieLtr)f
::,1 1
), Adrietts from Gibraltar to the 21st ult.. were re. , was, that the 11).1..11,4ms should each of them be bit- dirt, that the
ce: I
ved in town yesterday, brought by the Attilro- pris.),frit for eighteen months in the count) goal rtf ally, Crourtity,
meth/ man of war. iti r:veti at Portsmouth. We are Horsham.
~.
happyl to state, that the epidemic disorder which hash
Tim KING V. JAMES Al At the Jo
/ for tunny years past t-kett place at this season of the 'Phis DA:ntlaitt was convicted before Mr. Baron Tuesday has
year had not made its appearance at the above date. Wood, at the last Assizes for Gloucestershire, upon himself and I
The following is an extract of a letter from the an indictment founded on.the statute of s'. Gen. W. lies ranee. at I
Agent to Lloyd's, dated Git ratter, Oct. 18, 1815: forlicensiegdissentieg meering.houseawhich charged held at the :1
si The Algerine squadron which passed through these him with wilful's, maliciously, and contemptuously or bills of its,
i•l' Straits to the westward Oil the 4th inst. returned up disturbing a religious congregations assembled at the for aiding in
. I the Mediter anneal' on the 14th. It is, not known town of Ness Mom, on the 8111 of January, for toe On Wtnln
whet er the squadron has made any captures, but its purpose of celebrating Divine worship. At the trial Di,ekssrinn.s
number on its return was not increased." au objection was taken by the D.ferniant's Counsel !Lipper, sea
I'
A few INVs ago a fishing boat was going into Yar. to the jorisdiot;ori of the Court, it being contetided chief ringlea
mouth Haven, when a fore from the boat to the pier that the jurisdiction over this offence was confined told for grat
bead by some means caught the mast, which broke by the particular statute to the Quarter Sessions. Shields. 7')
rsA arid fell upon Mr. David Todd, the pilot, and un- Mr. Juratis now moved the judgment of the Court apprehereher
ii: fortunstels killed him on the spot ; the master of againt the Defendant; hut being unprovided with in 5%,e hearool.,d
1 the boat arid a man were also knocked overboard.— authorities in support of the objection,l
Tho latter was saved, but- the master was uufor- The Court gave him time for the purpose of eon. Vie Army fn
I twat- ly drowned. . sidering the case, end it was understood the Defend- be paid until
' li
400001(‘141.2-7^4 ctL.,.#4. '.4//"../.77. 'ill. i 1.41
•* ' li- rar--'k ii e -. °" -
• : A*
• ..,.. - •

ant and other persons convicted of the like offence
are to he brought up again on Wednesday next.
1111-. ABBOTT, in support of the prosecution, cited
the case of Rex v. Rude, 5. T. It. 512. as decisively
against the objection in arrest of judgment.

TIIE RING V. THoMAq JAMES KING. MARY

SAUNDERS, SARA KIT HUEY) AND TWO (MIER
DEFENDANTS.
These Defendants were a so brought up for judg-
ment upon a conviction at Common Law, on an in-
dictment charging them with riotously and tumultu-
ously disturbing the same meeting mentioned in the
last case ; which, it appeared, had been subject to a
series of religious persecutions, and for which several
indictments had been preferred against the offenders.
The acts of outrage complained of were breaking the
Alerting-house windows, fliugiug stones, snow-halls,
and pieces of ire into the ,Meeting-house, by which
several of the Meetingers were severely iojtred.
Mr. J 'Atm and Mr. TAUNTON were Maid in mi-
tigation of punishment, and
Mr. D %Li NC EY, Mr. ABBOTT, and Mr. CAMPBELL,
were heard in aggravation.
The CotiaT sentenced them to three months im-
prisonment each in the county goal of Gloucester.

CATASTROPHE 1N WELL-STREET.

ADDITIONAL PA ItTICULAPS.

We stated yesterd iy that another stirr-hotose, belonging In
Mr. rtinstadt (ottai we are now ii.. rod has no partner). ad-
joiuing concern which has ;Well 411.'11 oeit by eAp.o.io. , had
been stripy-ii of the parts, wall, and it f..11n,g condition.
About eleven o'clock on 1% cillie,das night. !toss eser, the rt
tus
of the farmer pitiee tieing so far remov..d as to permit an
elae-
sion of Nome, the fire wide,' had can;;;: woe k• of the engine
and hinter mactunery, awl wtech till then had been ,;(10ihered,
horst forth w nth irrasistibh fury. '1 h • timbers and other ill-
flammable articles strewed about the ca1,41.t
fire, and comnotineatii.g to Ole (1(11-,r(.10 11;;•ors of ;he
the whole was -nor 1y enveloped in flames. It %Timid he ilia-
to tli•se,-the the raging fury of the eld.:(eso ; and
tile tinnelv arrival of (wit( iy rot% engiaes st holt
continued its play throng', •0 .t the- night. to building v, (.• totogy
de • 01i..11.1 the interi,o iato .1 emitter-I.M he .to of ru.h..,
noon for ruins of the fir,t houot, leaving only a fuss and totter-
ing fragments of the walls.
lu thi• rolt!itional Calamity, we are happy to stave that no
Ike. hose he-n Whiter 10-t or ans person iiiinred. though it may
eaoly be im.,gined the loci ased cl.rire, and ioisforitim• it must ,
have heaped 'icon the pro; tietor Tar adjoittiag bem', and
neighhouroraol, iieare el.:a:lea •:-IN 114%e osc,,,ed injury. and
the etleet• of the lig e‘plo,ion ut wale(, (•gar. &c from tn..
andLailrr ,lies. do-hed .(jou; iln• a-lia; it invldiuur,s, ;(1..1 stif-
fest- thick Is noon ; rres iti V. ell cloArAqu..re., ale he nutty
cure nee,. worth nh,rrr of nn, bevo,e:dert:a(e: inn of the
pr..(ni-r-. the 110, uf.o many lives, and the ii. cm:tin:ire
other•.
To the eatatogise of sulr•rer4 we )(...ler(l;.y recerded, He re-
gret it is not in cur pos:ct !o make a reflect on ; yr I arm, on
Iye ronlra,:v . that ;noun 6rtuX. pecis.h.d io the dreadful
Cu. (ally. It ;at: non le.1•11 asci imined I easy-D:4. 11,1,4111 S
were ~.oplocut in the colter' a• ca. ti• ; nine of these were
taken from there,. in a keeraled biate,sis hase been recognised
as having e•scain d, mid ”ix away:plena) are concluded its hav-
ing ~rill sittiticated The ho ies of three only hare been dis- .
covered : the Ina, that were .upensed to have be-1 got out of the
ruins last etigtit were hot reached, in comequence of the im-
mense heap of r..libith to be removed, mud the still more ass ful
interruption of the Are.
It appears also beside the extraordinary escape of Mr. eon-
Math and Mr. flague the Engineer, ho were actually beneath
the machinery at the mimic's( of the e%plohian, that Mr. Spear
of Broad•si reef, and father of :lir oti ng (;elitleman who perti•h•
ed, w4l ik ditto a few yirds of owe etinone. on the loser floor,
and lira! in, the e‘plosi..a ran towards a is-Inflow, from which
he was shortiv dragged by a Gent moan in the neigiibourhood,
of w hoot he instantly enquired the fate of his sun.

COO ONElrsi tNQCEST ON THE. BODIES.
Ves.e.slas of ernoon an Inquisition as taken at the Star Ta-
vern, before (1. I -Navy. Tsq. Corou r, upon the Itn:.lic, of Mr.
A G. Spear, aged 15. Hobert Laing, and Blight, aho
met their deadi by explosion at:d suffocation. on V. rdne.da,i,
morning, in the premises of Mr. Consladt, Wel!-street,
Peter Leroi, deputed that he was a Frenchman, and was em-
ployed us a labouvir in the segar 1c5!...-houses of Mr. to:,siatT.
He remembers the morning of Ine aerident ; went to a Ink te,
I between three and font o'rloek, when the lire. wen, first
4ht ed. Mr. Hag..e. the Logtorer, ranoc a.,0 that vai,niog
tom- time lietwe the explosion took place The boiler a:de-
termined to he tried, and lane tires were turd, ni.d. Ur. I:mi-
st:tilt was al-1 Here, and believes he chi, card to the total as
well as I:te tires. new I h.. deceased Rolwit I atilig, taint was
lb.' principal eerasn soaking •11.• great fire, lan Jlo'.l a. rr s,,p-
pl)ing Isi.n a ill. fuel, and he aas lieai.stig it on. Ile ats te-
Loma toed with datlgilmtb r.m..nt as that of in.
creasin;r. the heat of the tile, aucl himself no iceii an
alaroti,.g rise in the t:‘...ruto.a.•tut ; the dec. a-ed, however, per-
severed. 3t..1 about half-p:;.1 ted n'ellirk toe ex plo•ion took
place,
place, and the deceased, ilol.tt I..trieti in the r.,ias,
Witness was of opinien tl.:it the 111.,‘1:111 Was by
too great a noes of heat, :int; .0 pri.—ere or overloading of i.ei
vales 'Witness knew the drc. a.serl Nit.. Spear. who ea
a few minute. pet 1,:115 :0 the nceid,m, in the .111 Ctotottotz-
House. and a h.t.r follv h.. 11. foi:r the
afternoon. K new t!..t. 4.•,-,re., 1 Lligit 111-o. Ile u labourer,
and Mal a wife Litd three el. 'Jr'....

POLV,E.

ItoBriERY.

ItiIARLBOROUGII•STRELT man of
B van, appeared al this 0111. e, ate!
BAtiLit, E.q. the S.ititte Nlagt%t rate, ma!
evening last lie was st a politic-house
Oxford•hite, waititia the arrival of it
Vey him home, but Irons some uoktioa
coach iiot arriving at the time lie evitet
the place to walk home. Ile had not it,
whets he was attacked by throe men,
sailors, who instantly ti.etnatided his ovii
other 'novelty lie possessed : pet ci 'vim!
sistatice would be useless, and •Itt«iitler,
to his life, he permit led them to take ft
watch, togerhei wi.h his p cko -'; kct
veral country Batik notes. But toe mere
not c.literit with taking from him all th
0bi..., riot ithstatitiiog the set crit) of
stripped him of all his clo!ire‘, autl let
complete state of nudity. Its this I
pitiahlo sit ua;iroi lie N eli till
a place called W W.;ett I.ii
kno%%n, ciulhrs atee imm•di.ttely prm
comfort .tiministered, aid uniiers:tl int
cited Ii iittst the perpetrators of the it,
The bass wretches Lave betq% It aced A
dis'atice of the nietropt.lis, awl it is
the officers of justice will, Pre long, has,
count to give e: them.

ATTO.V Gait I) EN. Four young nil
Ilst MPS of lirooks. Ibuccrj,
wen. chargrql %kb hir..kiog down ;LI t;
a I,•toe of a garilro, near Sosint-is-to%o.

Dvfettthids were conlicted iti thi
10i. each, i to make good the du/
amounts to 111.

.1..h1l .Nihuty %%as fully committed frr
ttiitit stvaloi:::. out of the Eit!min ertawt,
lbs. weight of t,
tented to C.:iebroolp if the it ,y
Shooter's-luil.

110AING.

The long peite.ing tn"tt..h bet wect)
tt. I)7.;,'Hngt nusn (:linnti.init, and 11
I. )estetdits c.t (•onn.he
..f fort) ,111;1..as. 1•Ine combat di tt•trt
thole y ~.tou ea of eqn.i,,ige.z. At half pe.
the Men app.:lves! and ['typal ed for ruml
FqUIII :ring et en, but J:ll:ist
(hirer and Nhellun loitcast,
Ward ind Paddington Jon• S officiated
1. Lancaster made a shut hit, it. d
blow with the left band. A sort of tooll;•o,tse
close. when Lancaster was throw'. ti to ion .11
2. Johnson made a body bit with the rglo nos
turord out the neck, and the former slipped do,
rope,.
:1. A smart rally to the advantage of John-on,
Cloud 111M11 his adversar)'s o.totth. In a close.
seised a heavy fall. 1 1., 4on Jotoaon.
4. .lo imam it round awl shoal. and Lauri
sn.art loot) 152055. bos list lett h, held tia•
close, Lattetts'er Kat tits head sloth.' ..01111•Iill hell .
held fast the Funt..hitig ri,on a.wd, a.,d r.atu whit
st 1.1! :r the fall.
,iohostot s:ll,Nfd bad ir,.iinne; his month
he oval doo ti distressed after delis tog a hints
0. ',Oita' fogill I lig , wuicit ended its
and both omit down.

7. Latlea.ter nual.• a right handed body hit.
deliver h. d .tp;,e.t.ed r.ttlier .
matt pa) nig attention to his •wu d lien. Jointon
e.tk.
8. Ali awko and wrestling rouhd at:.l both di
er t nett hip :Mill.

9. .
..1 g Maui r awl %niart excleat,,:r.l
l'o.tlt.! .1:- he
the I;,ilt. 1., 111 ue:.k
. .

a e'er% ;0W..., of Mr. U. A. Spear, of
Proad•sircet. depp,ed, that he knows 1;r. 1.. 11. nets u,ll,
whom he tirliey 1.4 to he the sole rropriet or of the conerr•l 113
11 elds.reet. Knew the deceased Mr. Spear. Ile arts t e on
cf his ettiplo • er, and sits in the preniisys of Mr. l'iiiioadt on
the any of the accident_ merely as an age,a to Ids father, 14 ho
h d sent in a great 911:11111it of sugar to lie maw :factored. The
deceased was hut la years of age, iii Ocai er
hearing of the accid,tll. went to the pretipises :dial,' I. o edit k,
and rernaid •,1 there all day. About oer it, the aftvrit on sitar
the holy or. Air. Spear t lseit out, hat r.o life w hateser r.
ana, a ere broken, his body binned, and itis face 1)1,.c!., nett
from sidle, It ill!).

10 JIII:SP41111101i*Ct d a 11.ari t ht handed hi
lieo,l %%hien 'ii.torto it and bath net.
or rise r.!;!.
1.% our of Linca,t:T.
diii riflo. leave ts :.ce• . Ii
ver -.17 (% %cat. tiretv) g4l
Iteu:ll,7, t< even.
.111..ft,j, 111:7th, iti. h.stil 1,1.tw xnd f II tve::
1.1. 4 ga;1.1:!: 1/111 .1! :,•1'.101.,ti P.. 1111 ; th, ii.el
oilier exriiiir.ged it'd it la
parts of log trier 1.1.*
i 1 JOllll4OO t: aim a .t ith
I.). I's 'al., • it. 114,... 1 inch,
t!...ir

.....
1;. .10.19.51111 r..ceiv t 611 4%1 ;s 11•11.1 1-..11 upon

fl ”:”..e.

:.1:;., hightfu
ed r,,11 „ ••,. ). la a acrawble

Alexander liihson is in the Cmployment or Mr:srs. I iagoe
and 'rooliain, the engine:T.. also hail neat il of the :A...ideal,
and ne,v immediately to rto t• au:v(l,
by wesrki, g u ith a noa:her of others, to extricate his r,•11,.‘, -
aOl kmpii. Hitch atait iii og floe' :he ruins lit this task they
were e•mpio,,t4 from CWl.l‘e .41 I:01P 0 I loch. t. hru he per-
c( d Lainc. ‘iiitti after 111:411, lit.nea:h his shoul-
ders. The fornwr was dt'eovere I a ith ail open, and a
irce of timber lodged in the brain. They were, of course,
bath
Meld ('oeeran Var erplexed in the ccncern xx as there pre-
,i,oll. In the. ill'eidenl or 1%,11111••.1:ty 1110Yill11%. I(t.t.iellitit`;,
Ihe engineer. twin?. there ;zeal al.o Alr. C'tite4;alt hat-
floc objected to the trial of the tenure. &'. ':eying it is mil I do
nn goad, acid early in tin. 111'0611,Z IN.tirr r.nr to he
lighted. A pe..not triaed ( ;:tio ex et.. one 1142.w.'s
nie.i. re.charg..ll the pans, and the explosi ~,, took place la, h tlf
past ten n'el.ack
This on, ail tpe eridonee roti!ti..ed ; and the (..ironer havin4
briefly adatrex.ed.the .I.ir.„ ohscr, ed. 141:u in 011111 11, .:e!••,l.lilif.
Islll/11 any ocher vertl,;•! item of :iceident, the, :'to he cell
ConV hired of aii exit intention. or rrn... and %said nr-it...1.
The' Jun, a!ler delirienoitic for some time, rel4olo.il tr ver-
dict, that the deceased 1./cism. ca.oe to their death Ace:Went-
ally, Casually, ond by Slo6oloor.

19. Jolisoolo made •! ficsli 1,11 in
nthy r. tr)'. 1....1.1, and cot down. liven
as .1 too pl..sitic.g 111 oar VIA 1110 W 11110
Se! Ir the Ints:ness.

ld, :Ind 'I.?. %ere louni, viithoi
enfleavoitred IA intl. . . _

It. a ••rti;:,..i.• 6,1m1...ter received n fall en
brad. wa:rh itia-t for ilie two teat hate A.., it.
itial it mit. lo(l• •tiplll/-rti Me s%auld rotor
thre, ammo:. di-ad%auttige..a•ly, awl hiss
I.r.ttigli: the iyotte ag.tat in h.- tavoar. lite hat:
net., dial the neat ten round% prat
bat Jtillte,ta Illtleak with the right Hai
littiggt•ls)toi,
in the. 4.101 ((mild JlOllll,Oll received a stunci
lecti%ertd at iu in the si nail kept the
ct,let• eaahle as appear In li4slr in tilt
1%.,! lielVt• 1110: for ',time yeal• peen is tnnn 1% tor.t.
The C bat lasted one hour anti sill

Auotlier battle of oloor inter es! fiuisl
sport.

tst it %sr.—
% here Eaton twilks at li:ach'te.i.h watt
eti the great..., patt of )este'tli.,
eit of the weather, a great (pet
ins r.,i1,41 in the marttittg ; hot the h..
way tiuit. hut of cotnp lily of ev..ry tlesi
con; noes his lanror whit total) tied wi•i'
extrettie;y well. He walks his t o ntilet
mihutil.
At the Justice •Meettog, Fld at North Shields on ..se oh., ore iieget:at, leA,r awl al,
lettetolay last, James Churnings was li,,und vver mu.t fed a pltt Attire. t. ben iturt ,:re•
himself and sureties to a large amount, for his sp.- "rjt.:.;"11%."'
e,ll-
- at the nest Northumberland ,L.s,iotis, to he a Nl...'ic I I:#pard at
held at the New Moothall, there to ...nsoer such bill the "'-'s ht..* Chhild•
t
or bill 4 of indictment as may be preferred 3gainst. bs wh"t!.‘ het
P!'h;'c """°"'"itil
I Mr,.l. C-. 11,1.•• liteittwit it
for aiding itt the preventing of ships g"iog to se.n. at,e..mngt the Cr v. 4. obn t. •ve 1,111•11 t.ll
On IVednesday last, the Magistrates assembled at oft° .ver nom a•
D~lkfive 14,4-4, are
w ra) -squa re, for flirt, Thomas etb,l, iv. mitt I.,rt; • ""
Ilupper, sPtiman, for want 41 hail, as one of the p 111 la' 1.4,0 I".e. •6. taue'4l'
chief ringlelers, in forcibly stopping ships at lily tit,
End for granting permits ,iudlar to those given at WO ibe• 11,:,111.111nial scot.. Al
,11,11.111 q. 7homas Dr icon, innkeeper, was likewise
nit :...t zriVr He!, Ire rat... tut
apprehendetl; but he found bail to appear, himself . e • rank. • #
tint. ataominda% tiarg., t.alttt•iter
itt 5001. and sureties in 20fA• eoch• tat. Cautfler. ilriV:ele I 114 rOr .feelnit s,
AVe hear the to money voted by Parliament to
the Army for their sortices in the Peninsula will not I,tys Dom , a„! F„hilet,„l I). I.
be Nit! Jannsry or Ft lnuary I Si i• 4, N4tistotr3 itw t
