Flt EIvCII PAPERS.

EIGHTH BULLETIN OF THE GRAD ARMY.
Glontakoe, July 22.

The corps of Primo Sagration is composed of fo.ir divisions
of infantry, from n to 24,000 men strong ; of Platoff'S Cris-
taelp, forming 6003 hope; and.from 4 to 5000 cavalry. Two
divisions of this corps (the 9th and 15111) wished to rejoin htin
by Piosk ; they were intercepted, and obliged to return by
Volhynia.

On the 14th, General Latour hfasthourg, who fellows the
rear-gime) of Migration, was at Romanof. On the 1 ith, Prince
Poniatewski had his beeskinarters there.—ln the affair of the
lab, which took place et Reumnoff, the Genera Itomnieeki,
commanding the light cavalry of the 4th cavalry corps, dot 600
men, kiLled,"counded, or prisoners. We hnve no snperior of.
ficers to regret. Genera) R.ozentecki states, that the bodies of.l
•Coasst Publas, Getwval of Divbion, and the Russian Colonels !
Adrenal aittlesosayski,ltave been recognised on the held of j
battle. Tke Priem of Scbcartzeaberg bad his head.quarters
on the 13th ut praraaa. On the 11th end 12th be occupied the
importhot pmetion of .Pinsk, with a detachment, which took
some mca and, eoltrWer..ble magmas's. Twelve Austrian
saes charged di Cossacks, pursued them during several leagues,
and !Ask 11T of them. The Prince of iiclicartzenberg marches .
Go tdimh. Genera( Regale" returned, on the 19th, to sinning
to guarantee the Derby of Warsaw from as ineursion, and to
observe the two division of *e swespy Which bad re-entered
Volbynia.
Op ate.l9lhSreneral BoiciAjeirise was at Igkottmas,
peat Paptaiip Vaudois with 50 cavalry to Klialooi. This Madly!
matt took thege e part of 200 carriages,belosging to Ragration's
corps, sad made prisoner's/it Officers, 200 canoosien,• 3UO men
!Witched to the &Oa, and 1100 fine artipery hopes. Captain
Vandois, finding himself 15 leares *spat from the army, did „i
pot think it practicable to carry off thfr imoyey, and buTat it.
fie has brought with him the horses and the priemers.
On the 15th, the 'Prince of &tavola was at lotimmen. Gap.
Not was at JachitAie. having posts en Schlock. Begratioe
parsing ibis, 'mowed the idea of essmbiag to Bobruask, and'
rneeeded 15 toagues lower down, qa the side of Mosier,
Oo 17th, the Prince of Eckroahl heels et GOlogatile,
-On the lath, Grouchy wan at Anatol. A petty
widen herein on 'Star I epel, took considerable magazines, an 4
4wo companies of 8 Miters, and 200 men.
On tbsitith, this Gmeral was at •Koltaeof. On the sane dey,
41 let 9 in the accuing, General Bares Colbert entered Orche,
*hare be took possession of heasease woozier* of Your, eals,*
`l9/441" rtiagiSlessoeit the Beristhoees, and peo
F 6111144 ip 41 convey Ai 'wintery. Samleoth is ia
*got efefl Wed is thisollog to Moscow. An officer, sem acr
Ott amporpito cause the achmstiort of the realritiore of Chistes
wL Stiff 1013114114 12 11411 ate Place in the Pone** at tks
Vrencts. frlds officer wpa taken with his .dispatcies,
Palltatim with 401101 y p nu.4l, Idf retreat aotietPtted, aerie
. paled, and metered from the mile army, thm 'Pon
by the EMperer Atettiander, retreated on the f)wionoitse
lath, Gamer* following tlln net radil• Flat Ow"
Cu,mme atufariwejeteruem.
Oss Ms I lrl, sicasitt 410 fie Bits airmails** Asenharg,
tome -11MP0e4011,04144 *014"11,44 eill"1"41/111..411
PM's" Mae ef,.4lM.,lterhts Went sees epagiiess. pattleendtimpi
MI- 40 SilfOta 119 OF fifthk POPel !IR
41,11-111.:

.

\

On the 15th, the enemy, who was
trenched camp of Driosa, to the numb
being informed that our light cavitliy did
threw over abridge, sent across 5000 infantry
. attacked General Sebastiani unexpectedly, drove him back one '
league, and caused Oita a loss of 100 killed, woo aid Pre-
; poem, amoolg Whoemeelb a -Captalit=e &
OF,
ithr Ilth Ciamettn. TIM General af . °Wass, wbd.
semihsed in the powerof the weir
Waoo threta;6l3l7°tballanbitl Duke of Troia). WWII Pot itike
foot guards, and the horse guards, and the light Bavarian, ea._
valry, Retied It 11161111Loe:::-Thf itirTvetl"artroclike-7
biotic, on the 17th. ii• PV:44.1
Oa the 18th, the Etakoliodemadlod,lde setters to Glou.
bakoe.
07i-iBelrftb, the MrtritiS bile Of bitrViitid rreviso were
at Ouchatsck, the Viceroy at Kamen, and King of Naples at 1
• piens.
Ou the 18th, the :Russian army evecueted their intreached
' camp, of Drina, delimited by twelve palisadoed redoubts, united
by a covered wiy, and extending 9009 mists on the river: These'
Works cost a year of labour—we have levelled them. Theim-
meow magazines they contained were either burnt or •Birpwn
Into the water.
On the 19th, the Emperor Alexander was at Witepoli. On
the-same day General Count Ntuisouty was oppalte Polotska
Oa the 20th, the King of Naples passed the Dwina, and co-
vered the right bank of the river with .his cavalry. All the pre-
parations the enemy bad made to defend the passage of the
Dwlaa have Been Metes.. The magazines he has been forming
at a great expellee for these three years past, have been entirely
deeroyed ; the same has happened to his works, which, accord-
; ing to the reports .of the people of the country, have cost
Bambino is one year not less than 6000 men. One can hardly
1 gam on what ground they battered themselves that they would'
be attacked I. the eneempments they had intrenehed. General
Count Grouchy has reconnoitred Bobinovitch and Slematt.—
: On all sides we are marching arm the Oula; this tiverls priced
by a canal to the Beresima, which runs into the Borysthenes.
Thus we are masters of the communication from the Baltic to
the Black Sea. In his movements, the enemy has been obliged
to destroy his baggage, and to throw his artillery and arms into
the rivers. All the Poles of his army avail themselves of his
precipitate retreat to desert ; and wait in the woods tUI the ar-
rival of the French. The number of Poles who have deserted
the Russian army may be calculated to amount at least to 10,000
men. Marshal the Duke of IRelluuo, with the 9th corps, had-
mincing upon the Vistnla. Marshal the Duke of Castiglione, j
is set out for Berlin, to take the command of the 11th I
1 The country between the Oula and the Dwina is very benatife4l
and in the highest state of cultivation. We often meet with
beautiful country seats, and extensive convents. In the town
of Gloubakoe alone there are two convents, which may (mutate'
each 1213 J sick. •
1 •

PARIS, Aocurr
NINTH BULLETIN OF THE GRAND ARMY.
Beckenkoviski, July 25.

The Emperor removed his head-quarters on the 23d to Kamen,
passing by the way of Ottchatsch. On the fld, the Viceroy oc-
cupied the bridge of Botoheiskovo. A recounoisatice of 100 ca-
valry, sent on Bechenkoviski, met two squadrons of Russian and
two of Cossack hussars, charged them, and took or killed about
a dozen of men, one of whom wasan Officer. The Chef d'Esea-
dron, Lorenzi, who commanded the reconnoissance, praises
Captains Rossi and Ferreri. •
At six in the morning of the 23d, the Viceroy arrived at Be-
: chenkoviski. At ten o'clock he passed the river, sad threw a
bridge over the Dwina. The enemy wished to dispute the pas-
sage; his artillery was dismounted. Colonel Lancrobe,

tont Thy two Russian divisisms who
to Wolhynia, by the road oT Pinsk,
rom those that have fallen back upon
~,zyk ay . J whole length of the marshes of yo.
!Elia, a distioce of more titan fifty leagues, without
gsgtentcticalife Tout for a division ottani arnty.
WILNA, Jinx A *.
'
au SOAN PROeLAINATIONI FOUND AT TDE ADVANCED
,FOITS ON VIE DRINA, TICE MR OF JULY, 1812.
le' xicit Sor.niuts,—Yea arn.forced. to .111¢rch to ,
WSW war ; you are told tivatitts beetruse the Rua..l
Bina& not dojosfice to your *goer: no, cons
they appreciate it • you will see this oh the dayilli
lli4
loathe. Reflect, that one army, if necessary, will
• succeed another ; end that yOu are 40ffleagues from
I your reinforcements. Cutter not yourselves to be
deceived by our first movements: you tnow the Rus-
siaus too well to believe that they flee before you s 1
. they will accept the combat, and your retreat will be
difficult. They address' you at comrades; return
borne in a mass; believe not these perfidious words,
that you are fighting for -peace:—No ; you are
fighting for the insatiable ambition of a Sovereign
who wishes not for peace, otherwise he would have
had it long ago, and whe makes-sport of the blood
of Isis brave troops. Return to your own country,
or accept, in the mean time, an asylum in Russia;
you will there forget the words,---conscription, levy,
ban and arriere-ben,-.--in short, all that military ty.
I ranny of which you are every moment condemned to
feel the yoke. •
REPLY OF A TIMM GRENADIER. ...
Sox DIEDII,O3 Russ:Ai—These alone are the slave,
who are made to march against their will, and model
Ito march by the cane. The French soldier, a free. I
,
I man, knews no other bond than honourand the law.
We have never been told that you thought lightly ot,
our valour : that would be too absurd. Amsteten,
liellabrunn, Austerlitz, ‘Pultusk, Eylau, Fried-
land, are too fresh in your memories. As for tts, we
see at this moment merely what ,:e have always seen.
Fly before us ! You fled from Swisserland,—you fled
from Austerlitz—(happy that you were suffered to
regain your own country)---you continued to fly after
the day of Friedtand,—and you fly still! We ex-
petted nothing less ; and it cannot surprise us now.
By the most able manoeuvres, your armies are sepa-
rated and divided from teach other,—your columns
wander without a point,—all your intrenched camps
are abandoned,—your vast magazines fall into our
hands or are destroyed,—the capital of Russian
Poland is in our power, and six millions of Lithua-
nian Poles, confederated with five millions of Poles
of the Duchy of Warsgw, lake up arms to demand
their rights! Already more than• 600 e of those
generous Poles have deserted your camp, and' come
to our's. You foresee our retreat :—where have 1
weever beaten the retreat before you ? You hold the I
same arrogant laziguitti that you held twenty years
ago. There has been *Apia change since in the
world. The trial_it over, %Ye new_lineur.oertelvela
You speak of the insatiabie ambition of our S9ve- I
reign : but which is the move inibitibus=the Sove. ,
reign who, after victory,• evacuates immense provin.
ces, through love of peace ; or he who, after defeat
and disgrace, unites, almost at, the same time, Fin-
land, Moldavia, and Wallachia, to his States—seizes I
on 'melons of Eastern Prussia and Gallicia—and
feeds his ambition with the plunder of his Allies, the
Swedes, the Prussians, and the Austrians ? Where "
would this man have stopped, if he had been victor 1
nines ? You give us your advice to desert ! None litt
traitors advise treachery. We will not offer yon
that advice : we despite desertion. We will c.ll only
to the unfortunate Poles—we will tell them that their
country is re-established,—we will tell them to quit
the ranks of their oppressors, to come over (and, in
fact, they do come, and will more and more every
day), and form under the white eagle of Poland, I
which led their forefathers up to the walls of Mos-
cow. We will tell them that the hour of resurrec- 1
tion has sounded for their country •, that the Conic.
deration of Poland, under tho Grand Mareschal I
Adam Czartoriski, calls them from the service of
Russia—and that honour and religion command them
to come and take their part in the mighty work of
the revival of their country. You oiler us an
asylum in Russia. What, would you have ns quit
I our lovely land for your horrid climates ?—quit
1 the protecting laws -of a civilized nation, for
bondage to the soil and slavery ? "We are men—
should we become beasts of burthen ? and what could
you give us in return ? Your whole empire in one,
would not be o oriti a single province of our's. You
talk to us of the conscription—of military tyrauny I
The conscription is a law of the land : sixty millions
of citizens easily supply the recruiting of our armies.
We march because it is the command of the law.
But you, pitched upon by the masters whose pro-
perty you are, you are here for life, without know-
ing why one has been chosen rather than another, I
and simply at the good pleasure, of your Lords.
I You are delivered oter by them to the recruiting, as
they would deliver bellies or oxen. Military tyranny I
ilo you say ? The tyranny is with you, who are
I called, and can never rise to rank !..-with you, with I
" whom fear, and not honour, is the nerve of disci- •
plies! At all events, the hour is not fir off, 'rhea ;
. we will give freedom to your brothren,--when we
will extinguish slavery in the Russian Empire,—and
when we will re-establish ev(en you in your rights. 1
Every peasant shall then be the subject and citizen I
t of the State,—he shall be master of his labour and
his time,—he shall be no more the property of his ,
l Lord, like his horses or oxen. Now,then, and thus, I
we will solicit you to desert; we will -tell.yon, that
Iwears actually fighting for your rights and your fa-
milies, and that you ought to second us agaihst your 1
1 oppressors. The shivery of man is against his rights;
and against his religions. We end, by thanking yes
tiler your communication of your Plan of the Canso
paign. Yon retire to draw us on : you say we site
sensible of the generosity of telling us so. Continue
:to inform us of your inteatiOns by the noble means
which you have adopted; we will net fail to turn
the information te'advantage.•
IGRODNO, IDLY 5.--The Grand French Army is
composed of ten corps. '!ha •10th forms its left
!.wing, cornmandaLby Me bat ?
'l'arets.tuns. The Pendlan corps,
Greierar G revert, constitute 4 per
of A* iiity • k apposo of ail
Daioesettlitrik• 94, Ilarsiseit
biaadeti- . tbo 4th and t
ly's sr . ; poo stht 9.0; hh,

Westphalia's form the right wing of the army. The
Ath, Marshal Victor's, is placed between the ElLe
and the Oder. His Majesty the King of Napl!s
commands all the cavalry. The Wirtemburghers
are commanded by the Hereditary Prince ; the Saxons
by General Funk; the Bavarians by Gen. Wrede.
CRACOW', AMY s.—An army of reserve, of 80,000
men, has already assembled in the environs of Lem.
berg ; Prince Hohenzollern, General of Cavalry,
who commands it, has his head quarters at Lemberg.
The General of Cavalry, Pr:nce de Rens, Henry
XV. who has hitherto bad the chief command in
Gatlicia, has gone to the baths for the recovery of
'his health.

breett:rsireten,z
fir'ellte
belmutrubisicstiagailiGgizltrtohoeepttsebbrojerdfogtFe'rees
VIENNyf
0,
m eB
re Tz e
announcess2 t e
w— thatTs 25.--The
theey L
thattohfey cheese.set town and
rlesttibri n'igu
Ti9pa ermagaesn pothzeitne.E7Pievnwtiaohiuinchsintogwt6ehoree,iooor
Russians are retiring at every point, and it is not
-supposed they will take any position between the
Duna and the Dnieper.—According to intelligence
from Bucharest, Iltnhader Effendi arrived on the
27th in that town. He is charged with a mission
from the Porte, the object of which is not at present
precisely known.
BERLIN, JULY 25.—0 n the 20th of this month,
' arrived here his Excellency M. Baron de Humboldt
lour Minister at the Court of Austria, from Vienna,
and the General of DiViSioll Count de Ca ' mem,
from Naples.
" Mimeos JULY U.—The army commanded by
Prince Bagration is cut off from that of the Emperor
Alexander, and cannot any more continue its opera.
tions with those of the latter. It is said that it is
moving towards Mohilow ; but according to all ap.
petrances the French will be at Mohilow much
sooner than the troops of Bagration. This General
has drawn all his troops from the southern parts of
Lithuania, by ordering them to come and join him as
soon as possible, in such matiner that considerable
districts on this side have likewise been evacuated by
the Russians.
The Austrian Corps d'Armee, commanded by the
Prince de Schwarzenbarg, penetrates in this direc.
tion towards the Dnieper. The corps of the Russian
army, which it was said was assembling on the Iron.
tiers of Gallicia, and menacing that frontier with an
invasion, is extremely weak, and is not able to on.
dertake any thing to operate as a diversion in favour
of Prince Bagration. The reinforcements which
were destined for him were from Moldavia and Wal.
lachia, but under the present circumstances, they
cannot even quit those provinces. News had been
spited that General Kutusow was arrived within e
dozen leagues of sir frontiers of Gallicia, and that
he was to take the command of that corps of the
Russien army which was under the orders of Torma.
soff; but it is now asserted, that this wit a mistake,
and that Kutusow has been recalled to the Russian
head-quarters.
PARIS, Auo 4.—Letters from the army mention,
that his Majesty has departed from Glouhakoe on
the 23d July, to put himself in front, and continue to
pursue the Rufedan army, which has not dared to
await the French army in its intrenchments on the
Dwina' and which, by the retreat it appears to make
towards Moscow abandons a part of its maritime
provinces to the French army.—(Gazette at Francs,
Aug. 5.)
NAPLES, JULY IL—The Palermo Journal, dried
the 29th of July last, contains a Royal Edict, prohi,
biting the exportation of corn under the most severs
penalties. Could it ever have been beffved, that, at
the very moment when the riches of a new harvest
should have indemnified Sicily for the privations sad
for the horriblefamine of the last winter, that the
IGovernment of the Island, oppressed eed despoiled
lby the English, should have considered of meanies
for preventing, or rather retarding, asecenddistress,
still more dreadful than the former. The extreme
rigour of this measure proves how verydesolateis the
actual condition of the Sidlians. They have not
solely to deplore an incredible dearth of provisions,
but likewise that of all articles of the trot necessity;
from whence an innumerable host of malcontents am
every day arising, and complaints and revolts am
heard of from all corners of the Isle. Things ere
come to such a point, that the fury and violence to
which the people have given wdy, are atone sufficient
to she* how far the epoch is actually dreadful iR
Sicily. Lately, at Catania, the populace, goaded by
hunger, by main strength and force of arms, possessed
themselves of some remaining provisions which re*
found in the public magazines, and this tumult cost
the lives of several individuals.
At Messina, in the centre of the commerce of Si-
cily, the weight of misery is, perhaps, still more
dreadful. The peopleare in an inexpressible ferment;
proclamations distributed about, and fixed up in all
the streets excite them to threw off the yoke, and
to deliver themselves from the power which oppresses
them.
Such preventions have doubtless no need of any
commentary, but the actual circumstances render
every day more remarkable the expedient adopted by
the English to obviate so many evils—an expedient
which they so well know how to conciliate with the
kind of waifare of which they have so often given
us proofs. In order to diminish the mass of the
consumers, they employ the gallies, they mety
the prisons, and vomit on our coasts a heap of those
unfortunates, in the hope of exciting some disorders
in our prOvinces. But their hopes have beendeceived;.
for the individuals which they have sent us, who art
usually thrown into the sea in the middle of the
night, bale been constiwined to gain the Continent
by swimming; where they have fallen into the howls
of the Legionary Guards of the coast ; or tithe-miss
they have voluntarily presented themselves before the
Local Authorities, in order to obeli° it milder des-
tiny from a clement and generous Government.—
i
Thug, if those Allies in the prisons and on bon:
the gallies, are reduced to curie England, whet must
be the sentiments and the hopes of the upfortunate

Sicilian,.
[no* Tin GAZETTE DT TRANCE Or 6Ta ATMOST.3
• UtIS. Aro.b.
Aartcui.)
%fishes to ects.
detained
military men
the enemy'!
questioa.

.

conceitlo,until
er of 100 te ;(I%fle returned t
id Dot keep a Met are serrated Cr
nfantry and 8000 h Mozyr,the

M‘Dousid, Duke of Llaoss sukzErrx DI FIANCE OF OFO
PARts.
i 3 under the orders of
PRISONERS OF WAR.—(c4ccoso Aar'
!Kt of it. The centre We are not ignorant that England wisht
corps. Maraud blisb a difference between British' subjects
Osidinst's • the 3d, In coußatittetsce of oar reprisals, did tbe aril
tit the Prit;el;4ricel wheat tbo Este of spar has thrall/es into the
Pah- 41141. it bands; we naiSSlONOssop (real, ditcaothis

THE

SMAN.

itionalaiir 1 -..- • . 4.
i Ali Ida f 'LIU . ...1- pd• --iiiiiki
TI lisp Government Mises, n. acids ,9_ t___ arine, succe .to e g from the priten- at Priem , andAu rrissis— 1401 Idathat 14'
Ist • . et Ut t y la,
dace, a merchattes.yessebTconliscaretYhe po?pe!ly.,Shict, the Fortune, and' landed in Africa. We recol• go plan of defensive mettaurps„which they could de-
rhferl under the guarantee of public • right-,-tates„
'unhappy
with what barbarity thelliemies fired upon those rud uPan,lidaridd the aapldprog ofthe French
P.inut any distinction, the crew end paskengersl'as unhappyfugitivest who only need a secred.risht)ausi • , 1 i
li GI the 'inclemency of the approaching winter might i
'''.„„,„.,. Upon this intelligence, at which the of whom several perished in the waves. There may -a
P.4:1110-le. of France is, with justice, indignant ; its Go- be suit the extremities tq which. the English GeTrio., . render, the ancient frdidters'Of 'the Gzir impervious
ont full of son tienents of national honour, . or- .anent reduced brave soldierintha were not thole. pri. ; to. their oPers4Ons•
,A4l,4polna Mt this subject are
:NM-- 7 ,
leers the arrest of the English, who, at that timiSel, welt:- - " . • i sow cleared* the Ruselpo9 liar.,9Pdefe;seivO system
ioarned in the Empire. Inasmuch as the provocation' :We ittlitheir our leaders all the searing. of our [eft which they as fee eaweepet.depind ;
, °thous, the reprisal is just and moderate. :No 'anroteiiiiite covntrymen in .heir frightful' prisons ;.! les one commanded. by the 'Earner* AlallXilt•
their tiro
l" can deny this truth. . : water was even refused them,andinaily died of hanger i 9 • ..• • r. ' .- V. • •
. . , , pro. , bail and the
.other antler tsatficiyrtow, are.divldi.d?
passed in which Pri , who "hiftisetiand ttilist Within sight of en Eleih squadron Imes
Ron time is •
toriai vigil Vtl; ter thing, , telves upon-a false generosity k who. ow , .t e y and; wtho comdetnded the 1 and all their' arts 'io'foriu-a junction have hitharto.
61v'n.Weakness or their indifference. for equity ink! b,port, The enemy came -tp
to
' !Won to Seed a proved, 114 only fruitless, bat slestructivo to a. put
jeretion, allowed England to do' ny thing sritk- great pill of our prisoners to the lialiaric Islands, 'of their army; and, when the. last account,. came
`daring to attack her with her own Weapon!. escorted by.ilte English thipit "14 the line, Bonet, ! away, icaPpeered :thatis cosirespoadenee conivlsiot be
if France had imitated this conduct, its Govern, ..arid Nord, and 'tabus** flip* The speuiar& ~;
the lient_, up
~_
has
withell!..the greatest &fatuity; wir,:iYeatta-."
,'at would have been deficient in ope of its b:rat I were not there to blame fortlits tied treatment ,•
4uti,_that of defending and protecting itthiecipt English Captains were still more barbarous, if that rqs aas 'left", lines'ltld illig,i'm7q-. ..-4110413irikl, deiit.
lid ..„,..4.,
snarled in their persons, prpperty, and liberly. • 'TA i was possible I,rdways at the bottom of the hold ilitis. i danger,for Want dilate. sgeoceignm, "kali **tee,
a 4 stopping the English, it would have emboldened ,' out suffering a single hitch tab* Open; the pristinike , yit this disastrous and disjeinted,plagoCipenstiops it
pot Government by a dangerous impunity. It : wanted every thing which could bgte softened thelr,', still dignified, byitbe ht nisterial writeds,ne.nprudent
would hare deprived itself, voluntarily, of the means: fate.- An American Captain, the Coramotnder of the ,
,1- ......, - - • _ ___ .- - -- - ,ii 'of h,..... - 1 Arians of defewriviwarfare; anti, to idd: to eur list°.

of exchange, and consequently abandoned French. ship" Sails, alone showed himself full 'Of humanity,
pen, surprised by English perfidy, to the despair of .and worthy of that generous nation which how with
*detention which would htve,bad no other term than Pinch a noble audacity attacks a Government always
that of the war between the two nations. Now; if i ready to proudly boast of id dtiliFation, whilit it
England will not allow that her children, withheld;, Imitates the bad faith of barbarous nations.
in France in consequence of a just retaliation, be I_ Let us add, to terminate this distressing picture,
le4itimate prisoners, what will she call those whom that after havleg embarked the French under pretence
she has taken from us by surprize and violence, in of an exchange, for which an English frigate brought
fall peace? Let her gi ye up the ships, the crews, alt the a, counter order, they landed them on the almost de.
French whom she hat 011% orthily arrested in violating serf island of Cabrera.
the filth of treaties, and then it will be just to open I , Such Is. the treatment to which England subjeets,
the gates to the English who ace in our hands, by the or allows to experience, those whom sheconsidera as
reaction even of her per6dy. I her prisoners. Lord Castlereagh! having dared to
Let us observe in passing, that besides the prison,• raise your voice, restore to France the 12,000 men
et; which arc in this situation, many others, taken-in !from Baylen ; punish the atrocious agents who have
arms, have also broken their parole ; but let us for a for ever dishonoured the English name, at Cadiz,
ionment forget the attempt whi is has excited gene-1 Palma, Cabrera, and who have established' among
ral indignation—let us even suppose the detention !1 our brave soldiers the reputation of Canibals.
of the Euglish to be illegal, and see if Lord Castle. I You, perhaps, will answer, that these excesses
reigh has a right to complain of the evasion of the are exceptious ; that you have no knowledge of them.
french. I You knew the French were not your prisoners, and
Lord Yarmouth and his worthy imitators obtained you detained them in violation of a capitulation, In
their liberty under the guarantee of their fatale. In which you were not a contracting party. You knew
violating that guarantee, they have offended the deli.lthat the French were protected in Andalusia by a
tate sentiment of honour. Lord Yarmouth was the brave, a generous man, and it was at the motnent
first to set an example, so much the more fatal, as that you had a man in that country devoted to you,
its author is of the most elevated rank. , 1 that the massacres commenced. Your Agents are
The unfortunate Frenchmen arrested in contempt I charged with them, or rather you gave directions to
of the right of nations, despoiled of every thing in heap op the French, over whom you had no right, in
tendon, would have been very excusable in flying 1 prisons, where they hare suffered all kinds. of tor.
from misfortunes and vexations, but they rather chose j tures.
t) safer than debase themselves ; and an English 1 You have had them transported to ieserts, indeed
!fin], enjoying among us all the conveniences of of restoring them to their country.
Ho, violates his word with irapotaity ! Ile drags by 1 The blood of those who have perished.; AM tries
his - gives to his fault,
_a , of grief and which each of them' Mild to-

the authority which name , ,
rrowd of his countryr ,en in the same indignity, and
is the Government who has tolerated, even encou-
raged, this subversion of all principles, to dare com-
plain of us ?
Lord Castlereagh contrasts the officers of the old
mime with those of the new, and eulogizes the for-

tKer at the expence of the latter. Without doubt, j
he does not comprehend in this hypocritical interest,
the French whom his Government sent to perish on '
iloiberon,Rock, and all, those renowned seamen of
which its fearful jealousy caused the loss to the last
tan. Bat without detaining ourselves any loner
iith afflicting recriminations' we are content to take
up the gauntlet which the Noble Lord bat thrown
down. In every time Frenchmen have held lonoor
dearer than life; the itscontestible facts we have ad-

duce& prove we hare not degenerated, and that our
officer- were for a considerable time provoked by ex•
n;..ple, before they followed it. Bat here is the dif-
ference between tbe past and thepresent. It was a
ter:lent of giddiness in which Auglo-maala had in-
vaded all Fiance. At that epoch our military men
would, as at present, bare shed their blood for their
country and their honour ; but led away by a dan.
;crous enthusiasm, kept- carefully up by men who
knew how to profit by it, they had not at heart that
fore for the country, that legitimate pride, that just
Lured for our enemies, which now forms the charac-
ter of the nation • then scarcely any person, neither
the monarch, the court, nor the people had an idea
of the force of France, nor foresaw the grandeur of
Ler destinies. Now Frenchmen are thoroughly
worthy of that name • are proud of it, and we

,despair
wards Heaven, wilailit'ipiet the rteeiiiitts 'of your
cruel measures. •
What can be the cans of such btirtierity ? Ask
all the nations of the Continent, Tartars, Russians,
swedes, Austrians, English, Spaniards ; all will an-
swer you, that they have been treated by us with the
have

most attentive humenity. Not out/ , they al-
most all obtained assistance, administered with a
noble liberality, but they have even enjoyed their
liberty.—Have they a trade or talent? They exercise
it'in peace; and thus, by a It pipette-Oft, add to
the happiness of their existence. We admit them
into our manufactories ; they follow, without ob-
struction, hoshaudry ; received into the house of the
countryman, they form part of his family, so much
so, that whets the Municipal Officer comes to verify

nishrtwet, 'Nutting comirilifrarbiniCh Meat/tight to
cresteestontlnnent; the Po4taf:Atis riaOraink
" Under ail the circumstances of the campsign,it
indeed, impossible that any thing- could be better
conducted than the plan of operations has hitherto
been." Mother writer of this 'lnOr.plng spetOrsi-4..
hots tristuntsly disappointed Barct i.akrif has :601
Is au his aveciattmt—th# edb_ff..4l
.0 severely, and that " ha is pri. his Ines :end-i•
,nuke out siatter for his Bulletins." If it grieves .
NAPOLION that he has not been able to bring the I
Russians to a general engagement, we give the latter
writer some credit for his assertion but If his '" dis-
appointments" lie in having seen his 01.0 fijing he- •
I ,
fore him, from position to position, loping or de- ,
straying immense snagasines; in quitting tracks di
territory the most productive; in being cont..'
pilled to dirip from his frigid grasp a nation of
(brave people whom he held in cruel bondage; in
leasing his strong camp to the mercy of the enemy,
and his ancient frontiers exposed ;. and in leaving the
capital of his empire without a covering army—if
these things constitute disappointments to a purse- ,
ing General, then NAPOLION has been most " griev-
ously disappointed." If this excellent system of de-
fensive warfare bee been recommended by Rsats.t.
now*, we wish the Emperor AsexAsnnkluseli joy.l
of Ida rte.* acquaintance; bet hope that Vilbusdi
never may lie defended the same "

their presence, he cannot often distinguish the
stranger from the Frenchman. How many, gained
by the softness of our manners, hare married in
France, and adopted it for their country ?—And
you, friends of humanity, you shut up Frenchmen
in floating prisons.—Ard you afraid that unarm-
ed men should conquer the three kingdoms ?—A
Government, so unusually prudent, a Govern-
event which will, by itself, make heed against Eu.
rope, can it not resisin a handfal of men ?—To
defend itself, must it dishonour itself „by refinements
on barbarity ?—For if you have not the safety of the
state as a pretext, what name do you expect will be
given to your conduct towards our prisoners ? What
would you say if the French Government should use
reprisals ? if you have prison ships has she not for-
tresses, rasimates at Bitch and Luxemburg ? Mint

be.obliged, in order to bring you back to himanitya
shut ep far from day and from contact with the W'
the prisoners which are iu its hands ? Thet is, ne:
vertheless, to what you expose Ourselves ; but met-
perience of several ages has taught you that France
cannot violate certain principles—your unfortynate
countrymen have in its national character a too cer-
tain guarantee, and it is that which emboldens you.
Fear, nevertheless, to weary the patienc,4and genero-
sity of a great people ; fear to make it resemble you
for a moment.

.iny _ ; they .
no loni.r find among us giddy young men, to p.-
m frivolous societies the tactics, courage, and saccen
of our enemies.
In the same discussion, the same Minister, forget-
ting all the reproaches merited by his countrymen,
upon the subject even of his. complaints, dared to
threntee the French prisoners with a more severe con-
dition. What are the fresh barbarities which this
Noble Lord promises us? According to an authentic
snavootion, signed at Gaylen, it was decreed that
121C"00 French shoeld evacuate Spain, preserving
their a rms,ott condition of net serving till exchanged.
501reely had they arrived et Cadiz, when it was noti-
ied to them in the name of England, that the capitu-
hlinn ',geoid not be carried into execution, and that'
they were prisoners of war. Not a soldier, not an
English Cenoall had appeared upon the field of
battle; we had not treated with them; under no
pretest whatever could the English Government
interfere to prevent the excretion of a capitulation
signed between the two Belligerent parties. After
''eh a violation of laws observed in star by civilized
'rations, all the French had a right to escape from ties
.ads of their enemies, as they have done, after e.
,etention of more than a year; Generals Minima's,
'd Lagrange were demanded by the English Con.
d, and sent prisoners to London. But tQ,OOO men
odd not have this happiness, and besides the creeltir
". the English agents had provided every thing to
whale their victims.
CaPtaia-Generai, Oa severe and just character,
'unged all Andahusia to obey his orders and respect
'he prisoners. tnie kasglisb, whom he would not
receive at Cadiz, Willie changed—a Minister wet.'
11Y of theta, and d *r direction, succeeded the
APteiNGeeeral. From that time the IirAPI the
inhalers were incessantly exposed. Scenes Ur-
'er pfd in all their cautomnents ; lantthis
nnY laving y resumed the offeniikk r
nastibey

I

10

fire Home', Currisiger. Warne... at.
TO BE SOLO tll AUCTION, -
By Mr. HULL.
By order of the Auraelees a Alma. Smith .a$ ta. at the
rooboury Repisilutx, TO-MORROW, Augrik Out
o'Clock preci.rlv. withimet reserve.
Lot 1. A CHESNUT GELDING, 2. At Ditto
Li Ditto, S. a Bay Ditto—all bees Nordin doable and
Wade hilinets t 4. a pair of Barilache Geldings* 5. a Bari.uche
and Manaus; 6. a Chariot anti Hansen; T. a Chaise sod Har-
ness.
May be viewed Ilikthit Bale.

so favourable: Ate _ _ by
leading the way to the old' capital of his empire/1
while his enemy has the choice of either proceeding
to that or the net,' capitol, to exercise the supewlority
of his power. From Duels, on the Dwi4;4140
cow is about 270 miles aTmeleilber east ; thesr re,:l
tersburgh is about the awe distan:sed ne'rtb%
. '3.1 .ir
fore NAPOLIOX has his choice.'
We give the following eztreet4eom the Anholt

An. Nails. . IMO !i.
1 ......•••, Dahlia • ••• jr Ado in.: &• 1 1
I • . • Waterford .
Codis ,
•
•
1 ' ••• • b• laserasey ••• I 4 0
Jeerer
1

110filikg at Ma Prbite

• iv .
POlncliort Wimiet)haut.PA

THE
,STATINSMAN.
T.:_.• •
IMEMBEI

Mail of this =ruing; and if any Min& call. 04,10
the contempt in which inteliegence from AIR Outer
has long been held, it'is the extract in question:l-.
We are there gravely told, that oil Nti =llth, Itth;
and 13th ult. the French lost' 11(it)men in killed,‘,
in vainly attempting to force the teg,c-fistont at biea%
burg, which may have been cossiclise-as;-the nut.)
post of the strong camp at Drina, which these same
vidoriour Russians deserted on the lffth, and which'
the defeated Fritsch took possession of :
GOTTENBUR6II. Atm. 1. .1
war tieemusti reteirmi, statics that the French tad met with
awry cheek at filaaburg, are conlinned by intelligence from
stadag that a French corps ander the coneasad of
General °fame", made three most desperate attacks as Ike
ith-daymivO, oa ' and 19th of July, NA
liadowarld

Raglan . ~ on the Mb, 12th, ..- ~ -
weressieb h.. iia with greet slargiver, leering upon the
whale 15,0111}sestked on the spot.
• The Battle convey for England, oiled the seventh time on
Vmtnesday Inst.
This is the birth-day of his Royal Highness the
Persica RZOINT; be is now entering into his 51st
year ; a period when men in ordinary life begin to
Mak (if they have not done it sooner) of expiating
their put misdeeds by a course of exemplary con.
dect, that, by a just atonement, the catalogue of
their crimes may be erased from the, book. of rapN
Rut we are now speaking of a Prince, and ,nominallil
allevweito ; he may, therefore, be placed *holm the
common Mlee of mankind, andtheiaws which ergs:
late a course of yirrtue la other men, 'tiny 50 fiti %
custom, Ile dispensed with is his favour. If ftlF h.,,,,
the destiny of Pruvidence, relp:‘cting hiabo,(l4 deers,
i tiny of his People will be stempeal.witiiiimmtloa of ;
:political Misery that has morkedr4lhe 0110111111.-ot!hi.
.rother's long and unfortualitf seigaioa-Ltellet• volt.
bas his zßoyal '.lflghneee,'44'''tirdee'Svhase: do ,
'lt is to ' lik the citat -liiAl4; 4,0'1. i.to`.llo:.
been chosen for the altitittpfk 453.' 4;0 .iiggvftlek
Date culprits, in preference is every iitimmobrx is the
year ? Was it to inspress•theisshabitantrel Maim*
metropolis, and of the kiegdonitat large, web/there)
spect of his future reigh, that the arinfrierti/ef 10,
transit balglife should be eolesnoixe4llo4lo. .
encodes of thog*lF, o.lli.tikklai away 14105.UP'1:61(1111l.
human beings? !fhb would,lausevkina,lll4 was,
sloa *of Se wvitertin the plysiftsaektfilwontr4t.*
iiibilc execution had tak \
litb of Auguit, the moire?*
~ -- -, 9 :.
' 1r

LONDON; . •
4VGVST 14) 1814.
• .
.004140itipitti will be felted in eur Paper
Of this jt7,owswitiech the'Eighth Bulletin trots
the Grand Amy bi fault with peculiert interest,

quickly
sosittituzo:riisamsbeJunliaeoanfiLeEni Agent,
gola as it exhibits• *ton of the fortunes of the
"" worth thsits4oiry ogurcuemios. 111.11" Fyetpire. Vika lb. "Mu." ra!""W‘
At this epoch,' tioutlottel Vain, of tlie SS- fro* go lillemes, It Vilt 'without tilty► low
"4' of Itopvisl Guard,. and OAOj. Olion o amiiiis Vie* _

day. " .144145,4411011‘,,,
guided of dog trod,: meow.
rot lager the day- a;r
-I"..ith the bad 'ef

•

: 7-2J141:

~~- '-'.

~►,.~-~c

2E2'l°

ore compelled to obeeue by pulitic rejoiriing 811'1.;
*cunt of his birth." Common decorum ougnt to
i Save induced the adglsors of his Royal Highness to
Save prevented such an exhibition, on the annirtmilry
l'of his nativity, if he were too closely engaged in
lender pursuits to permit him to think of the honour
due to that day, and of the sufferings of two of his mis.
guided subjects. Their crimes might be serious, and
sr:Simples of death may be necessary, in the eyes of
Legislators, to prevent the commission of similar *f-
lips:l4in future, though philosophers _think other.
101esti ,T4r terrors inspired by a public execu.
MAO** momentary, in the bosoms of beholders i
cmnpassion for the iiifferer banishes the klen of his
crime, and transfers the abhorrence of it to those who
order his ignominious and violent deparipre from the
lonsd.of theAving. To mate esamplm;e9gtaute to
tire prevention dubbin it must rbe lialusg—it must
be existent.in the public eye The *ion mind if
noiTaiic to retain impressinni•iihreh are me.

scatted
meetarily given, which is a proof that those who.
few' Sanguinary lags arp not acquainted with•the
allure of their conformation.
qfflat let-us ask his Royal Highness, if it would not
heat *aftcorded better with the feelings elate human
he/Art.o6d the honour of his high station, if he had
nwked the first birth-day, since, the commencement
•tathieltnelnickled Regency, with an. apt. of Royal-.
? He would there., • have calif/sated
hearts of" Shetrsands, by skewing that he wished to
unite clemency with the remembrance of the day that
•
gar e him birth. In that case symPithy would hay.;
poured forth'her tear of at his feet,-eed bonourr
would have decked his brow witka civic crown. But,
his Royal llighness.hat.done no such thing. He has'
suffered the bell at eight to be the, slgnal'of death,.
while in four short hours after the guni (14024
theta. thunder is hbndur of his natal day.
- ,
YesterdiY the Board, of, Trade signified its readi.
nest to grant Lioences,,.vhi4 ar to continue in force
during eight months, to penurt Americin vessels Wes
with provisions, to ,proceed: from the United States
either to Cadiz or LisbOn. One of the two ports
must be named in the Licence, which is not to admiC
of an option as to the other port.
Yesterday a Meeting was held in the SubetrlPtion-
room at LLOYD'S Coffee-house, to nominate a new
Committee for themanageuseotof the affairs of those.
-11flerchautaand'Underwriters, viho are concerned in .
what has tier csileti 41.11,1* risk, r those ship.
-•.s in Russia a,-

or .
It Is very tirok that 1440, Aloroold he glad and Cargoes in _ ind Swgllen, Which have been
to compromise the dispute mow Eby, yielding up all; either confiscated and zol4; or subjected to tempo-
claimsrary,sequestraoon. A t CoMmittee vas accordingly
to Poland, and complying with the Conti.
elected, cOnsistsn* g of fire Merchants and four Us-
nental System; but has he not driven the day of con. derwriters. The ships seized in Sweden, under the,
ciliation to too great a distance, to obtainicondittons circumstances iefCrred to, are about TO in number,
• fr- ,? He Is now, as if led'ow • *destfnit...:l of which are at Carlsharo, and most of the others.

- - -.
an at Gettenharei. , On this property 33 per cent,
is be allowed to the Swedish Goyim:neat. •
A letter from Quebec, dated the jot 9f :Jolt,
its tq fait' of groat isputancei: as, litdieiti •
rarlitiejatory atspOtAltri. if :4_tria,'..tkii ' "
,Itii itisßle dtlpapiiitratki4. . Two 'British ship. 4:
likn Flo3:lltyri,„" Vltelyloyyh,lo,,tließOpoblitituis to.
Ir.akoClittitri,9olave been ditteret9p;
• , It, Is reOrrod that thi:,*ttliritor, 'le troops',
that bad embariied.at yt ----,' Ay" a bind-
-4'5,11r

Olt ..)n of the
!sorra . rle.sitected .
log of iordi, a port tostke.'s4.44llcultd of Tarragona.
t,,,ioce the almlitien of the laye.T.rriab, about WOO
*roes have been rescued' frOt -slave ship,s by aar
einise,rs. These men are now stt Corea, and it is
tiom kheai "hat the West India. regiments are to be
.
Ao eider was yesterday issued for the Park and
Tower gnus to be. fired, for the first time, at norm.,
ttis day, in honour of the ParialtsotaT's birth. 1;;.
This•morning were executed, at the usual hoitAk
Opposite the Debtor's door, Nitiate; Joseph Thosop.,;
loos and Catharine Foster) for forgery.—ThomPsittl
denied bis haying committed &forgery by acceptingst
bill on' the firm of Ilf'Dougall and Co. as he iii4stea—
there were some individuals of that name, who gave.
him authority, although it was evidently a frarsie6l—.•
lent transaction.—Catharine Foster also decle

Innocence, and had buoyed herself op. with great
hopes of mercy, in consequence of its being the Prince
Regent's birth-day. They both tnet theirlate with.
great fortitude. .
Conn-Esegasus, Ave. 12..-We have Ibis dabat few froth
arrivab of Wheat, and the remaining supplies bet
able. In this trade sales are reowe at little domino Itil.1117: .
to short supply, and muck dearer. Barley rattler so. Malt'
. and White -Peas at little variations as Mewl e may be noted I.
Beim of each description. The noels,* 4.OWe alit. WWI
short, and sales thereof quoted .at 3 fay , *secs. aloes
without satiation.
Wheat . 'is 13118 MO t Met les :" • ''' I: 70 77
.Fine ditto 152 156 I Do. (Fiat iiil) ..
.oye . likl 18 1 Oats, 59 .
5
yamy. „ „ ,60 1 7 Poland do.
,
Malt .....
'. '. '-- 'OO fte Potable an ' WI 70
`(
White Peas (Wiles 71
) 73 0 Rape serd
do
orsesay . .
TV il 78 lino knoutss.
• u Seep lll
& ' Ol3 IA
1• " PUYAVINI-Viri.Liii-iNGit .
J. •t ‘.. • 64,11.1., AVenorr 11.
J.
fibs Ails cgusr wkb a Tew snips soder ceoref; for
'i•.7•! .1 ,t, -to
11-.lklAttigtll' atliss. APeuer tilllts; 11.
' -
.-.lirivadvbis Ileigitylo ship Mbletae,' with a convey frets
'ma y, mad Je, dipl Is apt/Motel far the same destined's
•at: Ust 9Artlatrd rill 51441)4/414t* .
• his Matesty's slArs. Porcupine and *arose, w ah a Foos
1 Nor* AMetteig (ad the Sylkia for Plymouth. • • -
.Isibilegl ill[ Jotlli'Wrikevalas hoisted his flag fat- the ceased
700blins, Ur *Offal bp a day or two.
1,:, , • 1• • - -111b111017T11, Ave. 10. .
kl Andoe4tiois jegoesey'siiiip Misgailicent, 74 s Rota frtgate,atil
I Abe Lent brig shwa,-Irons of St. Au**, but briog au intents
0,1.010414111/vPorla battle lal the Niemen frigate, fres,
prierteffrair.m. and is ordered to Pestainsath to reit for
segyliiei acidic Favourite dorip-inf Wu, with thw,B4g.
ptse,w4ll.6l4lt Mote, trota WOW, to ft eat.
'llbisereauoirs gee-brig haslet* la lib Repliitr Prank drig
•

-




4A

e.B.***-7 -•

~~ i
..a.•~_

,

(

Igloo/ fp Pole-brel6 ' whlcaTjpture4. '" - ' •- - 17
ii; of smigoottrar. nil
lIW ribioles IMP Q•esa, Ave et 1010Orlif!-
:. ~ _.. . , 11-Y:-.4 , Allilita WA the Tolirelai•bri, fteai a crabs. • P i
r4tol. llllltriliWa ,r 114. W :
IiAIIWICH. Aaa. n. :, •-- .. -
0 Watt i•A•4IIINRIONWSI, _. A, ~,, _,:44.1"ad de NOPtild p Cllesi CaP:ll4 Web., witliii Igen. .
ream Outteatorat froararientalle
k; PIP lit -reamit.billg 'CWribiiiiivaaeitgoeirmusiskopit' of °Ways" I"
deatbi itlidt liii sliviii, lislisifsmainif *twill weema, 14.-.4r..:0.r.ir1. .
. ..... •
\o„,iria.4,, ..„, .. ti, L,„ . -.
z • . ..i.„1.01.,‘,..,.„,, .....
up
