STATESMAN.

WESTMINSTRR ELECTIO.V.

NAVAL IN7'RLLIGENCN4
•
MAI. JAN. 314.—The Ahossou Isinspeali loot an
anchor arid cable yesterday ; the P.ligabetb, trine-
port, broke an trachaf.—Remain is the Decks all
*ell, the whole of the 'eastward-hound Beet did Welt
lodising, Lod Mims, cad pt those mintialie4 yet-
Itmita Aix, 3A*. 4d —The Prism of Orosib.
wee keg alongside of the Past Piet in !lie COG.
tialo.—Tbe Mary, Tryagori laid Moog so Muth tattoo
basin, Ibit she hid near four feet waif in hit hold
before she sighted, and most have demised the lower
part of her tarps.
Poarsooviti, JAN. WI =The LnYul Briton tries-
port, parted fres the bridle if her mooritags yea-
lorday, if Gosport, and drove to the Boroggla
Bank, bet pt se damage.
FALMOUTH, JAw.ll4.—lt blew • strews pie lest
sight from S.W. *IA Weft 'Trills of ben imid eels ;
towards the turning it moderated, and is sow,/ P.M.
coals,.
Ltimardox, JAi 25.—Tbr Alexander, Winslow,
from London to Philadelphia, has pat Into New
York on account of the !cf.—The Amity, beige,
from Now Brunswick, li arrived in Bootle Bay,
brought in by a steam-best tremor Hoyle:
JA 43 —The Testae y, Red, OMR lb.
Clyde to Jefasies, was totally lost Yesterday morning,
between Salscoots sod Irsioe.—A briat from Irvine,
with four ship-masters, petal to the vessel, mod hat-
lig roweled the Master. mad 15 of the crew, swamp-
ed before she reached the shore,eod elegy soot pirtila.
ed ; the life-bolt gout round from this piaci to take
off the euryieors, but before She reached the Wreck.
they hed been taken on shore by a boat from Salt!
coat.. The number saved Is 10, Including the lint
and Second Mates.

Yesterday evening a very numerous end truly re.
speciable body of the Electors of Wastmiosterr be.
longing to the Parishes of Si. James. and St. Arnim,
assembled in the Crowe and Anchor Tavern, to dine,
le support of the return of John liobboese„ Freq as
ease of the Repute/misfiles of that City. The Chair
veibbly filled by William Adams, Esq. attended on the
fik band by Sir Francis Burdeit, and oa the left by
Join ;k4leuse, Esq. Mr. Thelma!, sad metal
patriotic cherac:?"‘
After dinner the sue limed were &Vet, it Wi-
llem to wbkh was,
May the Ronal Family never ferret that theillAtte their few
elittallacy to the l'alee of the Peapie.—( Loud topologia.)
The CHAIRMAN congratulated the Meeting on efts
isig ee many Friends of Reform assembled on the pro-
filist bindles, aid concluded by proposing
The health ar Jab's fiabboase, F.sa. and soccer to his Mae-
tiost.—Toree limes three.
Mr. Ilonuousa are forward enildit mach and
load tipple's*. Ile espressed hlti gratitude for the
very high honour they bad jest done him, in so
cordially wishing him samosa, and tin treated the
spirit which pervaded Westminster would intend
every where through the country, and thet English-
men would at last feel they were really .born free,
and not nominally so. Despotism was now by tepid
' stride, endeavouring to grasp all in its iron fiat, some-
times steeling on the nation, as a thief in the night,
et other tilers walking abroad like the pestilence at
linen rlsy—( Cored applause.) The manners of the
country, its temper, ifs habits, etc. had been altered,
for stow • weak and imbecile Administration endow-
Soared to make the prioir;• a the co•ntry live in a
time of profound pease as they would hare ilotte, and
s rest hare dun., in a stile of oar—(Chien ) Ile
was sorry that m•ny in the country were tint so
alert as they ought to have been, especially after lids
nation had seen she chains of slavery in Europe so .
firmly rivetted by Eneland, arid this once bullied I Oa alandav last an Inquest alai held at crimberwell, ea the
guardian of liberty becoming the general easlaver ; bnit, fr.! 14 L'ir
Theeil:7 itu.rinwrri;:ismill° :31,:::i.mbliel" at that
of et her no liana —( Load and long applause ) lie- d,it' ywe arm .isigatae sad etesseedissary a nature. that Sad dern
cause Itessia had a standing army to protect Po- is", duty to lay.iglavo beset she .11 =re. ali a 1/..eitrare
land, soul Prussia the same to protect Seamy, .:a or bush L., 1,,,,,,,,,e !ZIT/4;m lining
therefore we must of course have the some to de. II seder the geloalansbip of bet toile. tiler basis the new ni
feud—What' Why, to defend corruption against I, •erer 4 Itrt"4:lte retijinn itie.ebt:',4n.grolrbt.siarbgeolsonerr
the dangers of the People—(fleas, Aear, hear !); she caramel protection al ast eltPueto r:r.....maker s thVenoll
Senn. perhaps, would the country hear, in cones. i Lady. lefties indignant at this intelligence, retinal essabor
reit" of the ebullition of public feeling at lbtinet I tire=lraelsiarece"Zra7dsroust;:rahodmaextuorrerntslohr:ldurri=-
r.leetion, that it was necessary to rally retina the Poem reast ii by every meet.. within her power. Inure lien
Throne, to rally remind the Cnostitation, ke., while, I oar dhr.:l arsoe • P. 7 she
os:birbceart rarad...4l,lgbealte, rbir4leedeeks-
In reality, those who railed that shoot, wished'irelf Nun% her iota a rirarira s:. !Indent. teas ideci4nr; avesit .
le have their own self-Interests defended. Week, eso nu okra deelanitiwa of srhati.• ada/1.41., 41.1"841 of kir
&obi. the present Masters were; bet like libe I guseuntriel,:tretwien,, ~,5knun',.7,11ne,,,Fute6,7.,",r,„4,1,1,..er",r,,emirv' I?
blipd Muse in the mill, he bad no doubt they would i Min he should wow permit bee ea leans bre apartmeris lilt she
Ina end torn about, till they grated the Peoples. I leefe"d le be, •Iteretti. a all an=tomalN MCI,
pieces. The eerily Gentleman thou, as greet length , that is nplt..„:;elitinds: lit,,airl., LI Iv/ reg
end with much ability, attached the opinions of those diatetv me email never elute It ajuk_
who were inimical to Reform, at the same time de. 117... ',arc° a' ;for *wing. wiery- 1.
.-A
&tine that the remarks he they made were not against : moor her Irmo tyoso ear to ear. A. ~,,;,, ea iirel, yrit
men but s4dihat sdnedei.—( Cheering.) —Shauid covered that •the had ernasitted skis Duet ammo. as ..
the Electors 'veered ie electing him, he would do hi* 1":„" l'nrui:r. 1,,,`"Ti.,',1.7 ';',:::".,` 4..4, I;l.,7:l„"ginclalts rut", I
straw iu their behalf and hoped he shoals! alma yhe 11:;riverreutir. armor :,n 4insr. a, *.he nomad tins Ho durst ale wt.,
found to say within iarliament whatever they chose ' enOte:Y •etetett ,:n* `“"dt.ter• 'he Heed to grew two), for ',
I. .urns' er the had Intitt..4l if. Me J• id Mb
seithoal the domes of that Hesse.- I r
i non. sifter Matt mall tara / •
Tbol4l64llllll4•Wesew,..••••e-$ , brunette ha a vaiti ur- Trinporaty_lkluseellnist. The art-
tear-VO. ea. foloweit ram, fa F. fares ti.-V l Rtes "ant l""nunu4ne """ "I'll". la Oa sanestia& of
warm IMeer, and hied refers. Monday, and at two its she afteen.nra she ~curiae maim
I . low, iaitroded by a. Hon./ m.. 1. crowd of .pectaton. whom a
sir Ptancts &morn. returned thaelta, sod con hoot. ledge of she iirouramoner ',remain/Orr deauthall menet-
'Mutated the Meting on the success they hail mot ed "4"1"1.
with la their elicits for Mr. llohhouse. Il• rejo;coll !
the nose of liberty was now gaining ground every'
where on sound and railroad principles:
at lot, Cariarirtehr, the old and tried ',trod ar Rerem. i
Mr. TIILLWALL, in a very able speech, returned
thanks not behalf of the veaereble !Ouija', end at great I
length stated the cause why he(Mr. Thelwall) had so.
long kept back from public view, alleging be did se I
from regard to his family sad ether causes. He gave j
at a lOW
Lord C.,ehrane. and 'acre. to the brave nuts of the sable
Patriots of South A.erre..
Song—The lilarteillas Ilymn.—This beastifel
song was encored, and sung in a most ezquisite
stile, amidst the loudest shoots of applause.
11.,j0r Tame.. and she Imiertinience at the city of Res.
che.ier.
Major Tortures returned taroks, and stated the
noble patriotic feeling which now pervaded that an.
cleat City, which he bad the honour to he associated
with. Yes, the feelings of Westminster bad awaited
similar emotions in Rochester ; and now once a fort-
might the tradesmen were paying in their Iwo-pence
and three.pence each. to help them to pay the es-
.pence of the seat Geueral Election. Ile trusted,
that while the present Election had done good, it
would be merely a foretaste of good things to come.
—( Load applanses.)
Sir Charles Wolseley and the Reformers of Staffordshire.
Charles Premise, Keil. and Trial by Jury.
The !Arty at the Neat.
Douglas Kirland and the Reformers of firo.html.
Soog—" Scale rho Ars r Wallace Lied."
Ile. Phillips and she Reformer. of !retard.
Maier Teatimes. In a very able manner. scion-
oiled the cane of the oppressed. insulted, and degraded
People of Ireland. end treated the day was cot far
distant when all the Representativesof that deluded
and horribly enslaved island wools] he men of liberal
and enlightened principles—when every man should
he allowed to per,. his King and his Cnuorky, at. I
only In a military but civil capacity, and an a Re.
presentative of the country, whatever his tenets
,might be its religious matters.
Several very patriotic toasts were given in the
coarse of the evening, and received with the errs-
°imam applause of a must respectable and distin-
guished body of Eiectors. A member of conga were
sung in an admirable manner, which tended much to
promote the general harmony of Ilia ;sleeting, oh.,
were indeed all truly tt of one wind end of one
heart." We should seppose the number was a:
least 210.

GC) 10 K YS u rc.f r.
•

SP OHM lonusing psnlgroph
flom the Team Grt--efle, shows how anabork our
cuts y 111PII are to range themselves ender tho shied-
•ril of liberty iq South America :—" We learn from
persons deterring of credit, that a triasport arrived
in the port at (ialusy, a few Joys ago, with • Co-
lonel on hoard, for the purpose of oohing a regiment
forth, South American —it is also asserted,
that on the Colonel's landing and making known hie
elusion, a number of the mast reapecreible young
men of the town end neighbourhood purchased eons-
minions and joined the service, owing to whkh,
, many bundled' of ffallllB have already enlisted wills
them. If the*• reports are tree, we are sorprise•
the Galway Papers did not mention something
about them; and should they bo false, are trust
they will he contradicted, as it would be the Means
of easing the minds of many in and about this tun
and neighbourhood, who, if the reports be true,
w we are almost certain, Immediately tarot
t:esni;lsr:lres." _

The Emperor ALVIANDFR It es espected lot rooms
to his copitol by the 4111 of this month. 'lns. Schoh
of Persia has sent to his Imperial Majesty a present
of 30 fine Persian horses.

The Porte had jest !lunched two new 7h. Th
SULTAN, with all his Minisisirs. was pretest en eh,
OCOIN*II. M. A. Ph t,c , wend inseroseter ~f !he
E.. fish Emhossy, poro.osod Ms ehil•leon In in and
see tlo ship hunched. Two dal , vf:••, the s.n, vitim
iiisc I I y•mrc of mg., .4,14 et;sed asi'h tc.s. !dlr.: 1.0
tiled in 48 Souvs.

At the Quarter Sessions for the n'-stern D:vition
of Kent. so appeal was entered and heard, against I
rate aide by the guardians of the poor it Chatham,
in consequence of their having neglected to include
in that rale a Jeweling meeting.hoese, known by
the name of Etweezer Chapel, which is tithed, their
priish. The building in question was vested In tees-
teea, and eta the solace of very considerable probe;
and for the •ppellaut it was urged, that inastrigeh as
the persons who attended this place of worship par.
ticipateci is the advantages resulting from the Poet's
Hate, they were equally boned silk the mealtime of
the Church of England to contribute their share to.
ward. an beneficial a fund. After hearing Counsel
on boll, aid..., the Court declared its nidnioni that the
rote noiht to be emended, and that Ebeaseter Chepat
shentti he rated at `2llol.—The ease Is lb be cirried
into the Court of King's Bench.
Amongst the videos pirating who ugly 10 Dr.
nr, of 38, Dean-street, Soho. stet!~ 'Meted
with Invert. of spirits, hearl.echel {engine, anal vu.
Hoes complaints peculiar to the female se.:, who Fla
became re eahaisithisi as In be given over by ober
owe Ismail Physicians. The daily acknowledgments
he receives gntefullyttemenottate his success is thee.
complaints which are bat too often fatal to menkirtel.
While those labooring under screpisales, stricsetes,
tinier% victratine, obstinate glee's, tilde" in the
limbs, rhernstiteri, nodes In the shin hoses,visptietts,
ono timers, tl"il on Dr. &soli' mrcelitr Ole II
prompters", facilitated with comparetive sate. Dr.
F,ADT is consulted daily, from Eight td the Mottling
until Teo at Night.—Private Roues.— Advice gratis
to the Pew.
WALuttortg Waite—The pollees well rigeomal
yoaterreny at 12 o'clock. and rentioetultill three,
wits, Ili. es‘tai nuns era wore.% folios
•• istith. 47 Tenures Hate el
!spur4:,, Tees. P•eb .airi 1441.109
41 Will. In 11a uln hill Ja
1'...,•• ....P 111..1, a. r ..pe !Pi
SieTimrio 11. :1 • 61.0. 4Ww. Pfrattr weisb le
Tee p.. 11 wiltll,,l y dust it t syy at swim e'sloch.

~.
i
