r

V


r

I

;"'

I

• STAYS AF 11181.417VD.' - ,
Prltol4 THE nunirsi iiintsro r:err.)
It is. lOW manifest to all men, that the Gentry, in a
considerable part of the South of Ireland, bare abdi-
cated their station in society. They h'ave had charac-
ter which they decline to support—they haveproperty,
or they have had, Aids they refuse to defend. An.
inserrectioh, extensive axit is formidable, prevails in
the County of Limerick—Cork has been also infested
—anealfestations of its existence lit Clare, Kerry, and
Tipperary, have been put beyond a qnestion—and yet
the limey remain quiescent-4er sit with their
hands folded—record the welters which have occurred ,
In ensiling paragraphs, and content themselves with
calling open the Oeverumeat for forte, force, force.
Nothing bat force will do, in their opinion. We
think they are wrong. Force, if it could be applied
to all the assailed and assailable point*, would not do.
The fate dreadful oecarrenee in Tipperary Iris not,
iw the least, changed' th* general view we are disposed
to take Of the State of the Country. it tends, on the
contrary, rather to confirm and corroborate the im-
pression we hare long felt—and, as the time fur half
tnessuse is over, as every one it ailed 'upon to do
the hest, and to say, the best he can; in the present
meted eriels of the Country, we shall proceed, with lit-.
tie, if any, qualification to delivei our own opinion.
In a discussion of this nature, it would be extreme-
ly idle to discard, from the estimate of causes, the pee-
aentemedition of Agriculture, the distressed state of
the landowner, the oppri.ssion of the tithe proctot, the
• impoverishment of trade,' or the destitnion of the
peasantry. Some of those will account for the !robe-
cility of the superior Orders, as well as for the ferocity
of the pear. It is iA the operation of those that we
must look for the remote causes—and the science of
political ecoeomy would be worth nothing, if it did not
indicate sprit:n-4 the consequences which are now il-
lnetrated in the actual disorganization of. a great part
of the country.
Hut as we have already, on several occasions, felt it
necessary to investigate those matters, and to trace
them to their effects, perhaps it would be as well that
e should confine ourselves, for the present, to the
Its:tiolate causes of those disturbances.
In the first place, we would beg to ask, what is the
state of the Magistracy of the county of Limerick—the
focus and tee centre of the present Insurrection, if we
must le compelled to call it so ? • • •
• • • • The great landhold-
ers who should be an example to the minor gentry,
ha?! departed ; and they are tormenting government
right and left, for the application of force, force !--
There.are seven or eight thousand men in the neigh-
hood. Why should the whole country be assessed
fer this ? Wby sot pat ehnestates of these absentee
g ntiemen, under sequestration, and when they begin
age n to return rent, why .not.make them available for
the et rale s incurred ?
prirciple has been already recognised.—lt is
r. cognized in the Peace Preservation Aet. The dis-
terbal dirrirts must pay the Police. If there be jos.
ti. e ifs this, there would be surely much greater justice
in making the property of the man, who experiences
none of the trouble, anxiety or alarm attendant upon
its operation, but who reaps all the advantages of the
measure, accountable for the expense.
We have toad, until we are sick, declamation* on
the busbies' of taxing a was who 'did Sot hie on
his property. Well, it.., we sleighd not tax him.—
But if his property wets attacked in his absence, we
should make that property available for its defence.
If he complain, be has only to sell it, and live in the
pace in which he finds himself more comfortable. We
read its the Preach papers that Lord Cottrteosy has
purelhaiid a magnificent Chateau and Demesne in
Franci„We quarrel not with his Lordship's taste or
patriotism. He may like the climate and the people
of France better than those of Ireland, or he may be
influenced by any other cogent reason. We care nut,
do we enquire.

Bat, since he prefers France, would it not be more
honourable for his Lordship to sell his dirty Irish
acres? They would he bought we warrant him, and
Agra is a probability that the landlord would be
resident. Certain we are that any change must be for
the better.

Why should not this argument be applied to min-
resident landlords is general, whose lands happen to
lie in disturbed districts ?
lint it should seem th it that there is a call for the
Insurroetios Act. 'lie Reader will find sonic resolu-
tions that point that way in knoll'''. _colonist.—
We were prepared fur this. We knew it was long
the wish, and the ferv-nt hope of a majority. we
are •sorry to say, of the land-owners. It has
laws the common try of some of the Yelpers, who think
they are writing politits, when they are pronouncing
tirades against use Actives. Well, then. we do acknow-
ledge, hr we mail, that the Peasantry in the South of
Ireland are in a state of semi-barbarism—that the out-
rage which we had to record in our last, and sore fur-
ther particulars concerning which will be found in our
columns this day is deeply disgraceful to the national
character. We do admits that in the history of the bar-
barldes practised by the Turks upon the Christian
Creeks. &oda whieh we reed seek dreadful mid blood
chilling details. in almost every Foreign Journal, bare
been almost thrown into the shade, by the recant out-
rages in the County of Tipperary. Nay, in the history
of tht North American Indians, the most ferocious and
cruel race of men that ever lived. there catkokoly he found
a parallel to this nowt shocking. ocinwresiat. But the
Turks are Barbarians, and the Indians are savages.—
The form of tiovernment among the first, is • blind,
besotted, and ignorant Depatisea: among the latter there
lano feria .f tiorernment. His passions, his revenge.
is the nattier controls, of the Savage. How then comes
it: that in the British Empire; the finest and most en-
lightened in Europe; the best administered, and. as we
are told a thonsand times. the taint moral—how comes
it, we say, that in the very bosom of this empire, and
Immediately under the lallueace of all these excellent
institution, which is the bright of our self gratulation.
we have prolonaced the that
a the world. and Uneasy
of surronnuins stations, that sigh a set of Fiends, in the
buns hen aboold Eat. •
Whei the people of Englaad shall declaim. as de-
claim Ring will. so d.inbt.aa the sallect of this sopa
rui•led itreeity—swhea they shall talk of the Irish
pre*. as savages and wretches, to whom so mercy
shoo,* ha shows. we. shall take leave he ask them.
tl/Bete task is this ? Is k the Walt of beaus ware ?
WS t>Mrt It is sot, for ilea is the Ore**, otlievetn-
Oat ht madded aid' fisehlaited bg limit*:
"lb amt.l44Mll-.6.• .ertION Op; The easiest
111sul 11•141, titels4spd• •
a flag. The mo-
aadallsw Moak. The

THE S'

•
anciecet'Oreek wain Philosopher. as Onion and a I
net. The modern Omsk, lir ages, has bees a sup-1
pie and broken-down slave. Or is this stain in our
character peculiar to the nation Why we can
scarcely think so. Tin lAA who have emigrated
to America, and have enjoyed equal laws and *Vats
with the Natives of the Transatlantic Republic% err
not behind, is morality or decorum, any •ember of
the Union.
The truth is, England is chargeable with the
crimes and miseries of this Country. She has had
Ler now in her possession 600 years. Though her
grasp was often relaxed, she never quit it entirely.
Since the Revolution she has reigned with sovereign
sway and masterdom. And in the nineteenth century
she rule., a population trebled in mount, quite as
barbarous as she found it towards the close of the
seventeenth. It is useless to shift the burden of her
responsibility, or try to shift it, to other shoulders..
We admit, that the Superior Orders of the Country
are as much to blame as wen can well be, who, treat-
ing the poor as slaves, find in them all the vices and
ferocity that belongs to a state of slavery. Still,
England was the Mistress; and England, the envy,
of surrounding nations, he. confined hei• Irish Le-
gislation to the demoralising Penal Code, with all
its minute and machinery of perjury,- blood, and,
plunder.
It is trite. the greater part of the Cock is •:revel
pealed; but the crimes of a century cannot le ie.
speedily washed away. They have left vices behind,
them, which neither England nor the OentrY have
thought of removing.
We hope, however.aud we believe. that notwith-
standing the lowering prospect now before us, a new
era is not far distant. Ilse high character, the firm.
and constitutional character of Mr. Brant, supplies, at
least, one pledge, that the Cabinit meant this Country
well. Mr. tirant despises show, and be has not the
vulgar vanity of showing his strength. But those
err grievously, we suspect. who give out—and lleaven
knows we heard enough of these 'hinge out ! these
ambignone voices !—that there is any difference of opi-
nion in the Irish Cabinet, as to the remedies which
should be applied to the present disturbances. On
the contrary, it nil! be found, we imagine, that on
this subject, at least, the utmost cordiality prevails at
the Castle.

More we have not room to say—nor conld we bring
ourselves to say less, Early nest week, perhaps on
Tuesday, we shall have some observations on the sub-
ject of two plans, which we find have been proposed
for the Government of the Country—one, Martial
Law, since the Insurrection Act has expired—
and the other. a svtem of Ueneral Police. We shall
only say for the present, that we think both bad ;
and, we are pretty sure, that neither will be adopted
now.

LIMA.
..-....---

The Baltic Merchant, which arrived in the Downs
on Monday last, in 99 days from Valparaiso, brought,
letters from that port to the 19th of August. They
confirm the reported capture of Lima by General San
Martin, and state that the Conqueror had entered that
city on the 12th of July. Letters from San Sago de
'Chili also corroborate that intelligence, and add that'
the Flag Ship of Lord Cochrane (the San-44ae
had encountered a tremendous gale in thalzitCho•
rillos and had been driven an shore, where e wato
completely wrecked. The San Martin bad a large
quantity of specie and valuable goods on beard, which
had been collected by imposts upon vessels trading in
those seas. Nearly the whole of this treasure had
been lost. Lord Cochrane,bis officers, and crew, were
saved, and his Lordship bad removed his flag to the
'O'Higgins, of 50 guns and 360 men, commanded by
Capt. Crosby. Tine San Martin carried 64 guns and 400
men. Besides this intelligence, letters hive been re-
ceived direct from Lima, which announce that the
Viceroy had evacuated that city on the 4th July, and
that the inhabitants had immediately opened its gates
to the Patriots and declared themselves independent.
The following are extracts from letters posted up
.at.
Lloyd's
" Lima W 29 entered by General San Martin and his
Staff on the 4th of July, the gates baring been thrown
open to receive him by the inhabitants, and their inde-
pendence declared."
Another letter states :—" An army of indepeadente
is now marching against Quito. Tit, siege at Cs.
Inane is carrying on with great vigour, and the tri-
umphal entry of General Bermudez is expected to take
place every day."
" SANTIICO Ox CHILI. Ara. 13.—The San Martin,
Lord Cochrane's Flag Ship, having on board the Im•
post levied on the Entremedeos, lately went on shore
in the Illy of Chorillos. Crew saved. Only a small
quantity of silver saved. Lord Cochrane has hoisted
his Flag on board the O'Higgins. Lima was tea
tasted on the 4th ult., and General San Martin en-
tered on the 12th, with only his Staff Officers." '
In addition to these letters there has come to. hand
the following account of the fall
,of Litos, from 'Thy
Ministerial Ezentoriliaary Gazelle IV !tr.
MANTIACO; AUG. 31.
" LONG LIVE OCR COUNTRY !
" LONG LIVE TER CMILIAN NATIeSI.:.
"Mg FREEDOM OF PERU!
.4 •
‘• tan SOIPRZILI 12119CTOR fir Tat OX,VOLIC TO TM,

NATIow.

4. Fau.ow Ciretrens—What days for Chili- are•the
13th and 15th of August, 1841 ! What days for the
freemen of Perm, who bare just recovered by the saiti-'
fices of this heroic Lotion the august rights which
the proud hand of arbitrary power ' had usurped
over nature! The heart robs expressions- of their
power, and we must content ourselves with saying.
&loan with a wise was, that Weeds are-ueelem when ac-
tions and theory speak. This moment (which appears to
moths (Way one is existence) is not so valuable to me
for thwilwil whisk has sealed the Taft triumphs with
which Pro deface has rendered formed, the epoch in
which yen bare intrusted to am the arduous duty of
presiding over the desti ales of my country, as for the ea:
dallied*s of the wishes.( the satin*, and the meow
pease of its high sacrifices. If this wire the last day of
mq, life, I should die with more pride thin la the will*.
.of the ranks of war. Fellow-citutens, that philosopher'
was not la dm eight whitetail** the Atleestoss for bar-
ing robbed agriesitont sad iagootry of SO days emplOv-
ed in civic leases. The liberation of Para *spells all the
roads to optimum and to a soperahandaat vemuaeretiow
kw the privatises et HI yam of a gloriosa waggle. 11
whisk. the alteenefitiee of triamobs and write.. Asp
waded Iridotip in the 000loat palace,
aVicotois of Lua'. rem fhb tile we lei* secoyotillkc
; •
