l'irE §TATOmAN

SPURTING IN7'R LLIGENCR.

NEWMARKET THIRD OCTOBER, OR HOUGHTON
M MITI NG, 1818.
FIT IDAY. Orr. 30.
/Ir. Udess's Milton, 84. brat Mr. Prince's Sylvan's, 9s. 71h.
T. Y. C. Sik''. 6ins un Milton.
Mr. Vitswitiaree Slim, 7.0. 61b. beat Mr. Goddard's Anticipa-
floe, ess. 71b. T. Y. C. 100 r. 7to 4 ort Slim.
Sweepstakes of hOss each. T. Y. C.
Mr. Prince's Palrface, 7st. 12113.
Mr. Andrew's Colitis, Sat. -
Mr. Neville's Sabina, 84t. 4th.
Mr. Northey's cult by Ganiestat, 84. 411).
7 to 4 pgst P.leface.
(Second Class) Handicap Stakes of 10p each, for 3-yr olds and
upward.. A• F.
Lord Folev's Bonifare, 3-yrs old, let. 21b.
Mr. Batson's Stainborough, 4.vrs .Id, Sit. 615'.
Mr. Charlton's Dabid, 4-ytt oottl, 'M. 121 h. •
2to I nest Bottifore. 7to 2 agsl David.
(First Class) Handicap Stakes of 10p each, for 3-yr olds and
upwards. A. F.
Lord E-seter'. Advance, 3-yrs old, 84t. 711). - I
Lore Sullirld'i• Glow-warm, 6-%r. old, 9.1. 51b. •
Mr. Goddard's Anticipation, 6.yreold, 94.91 h. - 3
2to 1 apt Advance. 3to I apt Glow-warm.
Handicap Sweepstakes of 30gs each, 20p forfeit, and way lOgv
forfeit if declared within a quarter •ol an hear after the
weights are fitted. for 3 yr olds. A. F.
Duke of Graftort's Lao, 74. 9th. - . I
Mr. Andrew's filly by Walton. 7,t. blis. - 2
Mr. Nettle's colt by Juniper 4
, 7. Mb. - 3
11 to 5 apt Lori.
The Andlry End Stakes of 30gs each, for horn of all ages
(2-sr olds escepted 1. To start at the sinning post of the
T. Y. C and to rue to the end of E. C.
Lord Grosvenor's Finesse, 3•yrs ald, 84. 10th - I
Mr. Prig re's Manfred, 4-wrs old, 8.1. 11th. - 2
vesperal Gssanietior's The Flyer. 4-yr• old, 84. 7th.
- 3
to 1 apt Fiaasse. 4 In 1 apt Manfred. 3 is 1 agst The Flyer.
-- •

.-

a '

-

. . 1

AIX. LA-CII APE LLE.

ports,
Potursatoottt, Oct. 30.—Arrived the Mary Ann,
Rose, from Waterford ; and Duke of Richmond,
81ackiff, from Guernsey.
Prestouitt, Oct. 29 —Came in the Kitty and
Clara. Polglass, from Ruscuff ; sod his Majesty's
ship Tarrant, from Cork.
SCARBOROUGH, OCT. 29.—The May-flower, P.er.
kit's, of Sunderland, coal laden, was run on board
of last night by a light ship, and has received con.
siderabla damage In her halt, rigging, &c. and has
put in here to repair.
NORTH SKIMPS, OCT. 28.,--The Mentor, Green,
of London, coal laden, In going to sea got opon the
Stones, but got off en the flood, and wis obliged to
come into the hottest.. She makes so meek water as
to keep tiotli peeps going. It is thought she will be
obliged to unload sod repel,.
Litentrooc, Ott. W.—Arrived the Brenswiek,
Delano, from Smyrna on the 17th Oct. 80 miles
above Gibraltar, spoke the Elise Ann, Mason, hound
to 141alta, out 16 days. Some day spoke the Akio,
from Bristol for Genoa, oat three weeks. On the
'24th Oct. 40 miles West of Gape Finisterve, spoke
the Venus, from Marseilles for London, out four
weeks. On the 25th, in lat. 45. 20. tong. 8. SO. spoke
the Christian, from London to Seville.
DARTMOUTH, OCT. 29.—Arrived the Fame,Phil.
lips. from Malaga for London, in 24 days.
HARWICH, OCT 30.—Arrived the Earl of Lei.
tester packet, with a Mail, &c. from Holland.
At the Clerkenwell Sessions, yesterday, T. Geo-
de. g, who had been unlawfully gathering walnuts is
Lord Ranelagh's grounds, at Putney, sod even break-
ing the walnut trees, was sentenced to three months'
imprisonment in the House of Correction, for an as-
sault upon his Lordship's butler. The Prisoner was
one of a gang of fifteen, who refined to lease the
grounds, when desired to do so. lie offered to fight
the butler, and, when taken, called upon his fellows
to release him.
I The new street is making rapid strides to its com-
pletion, almost the whole of the ground on the in-
tended floe of it being now let. The part of it
which forms a square, in front of Carltoo-house,
is called " Waterloo-place ;" from thence to Picca-
dilly, is called " Waterloo-street;" and from Picca-
dilly the street, which will form a grand approach to
the Regent's Park) it to be called " The Regent's
rands."

--/rieProphet Muller *as lately Laken into cu.*sdy
here Tor sloths expressions -which perhaps proceeded
more teem his blind rage them frees seeing the vision.
When he arrived he wished esech to be introduced to
the Royal hotels, to read the fortunes of the S.eve-
reigns,.bet was retuned. He took reprisals by pre-
dictieg their downfall and the Warn of Bonaparte,
as he walked shim the streets. The Police heard
I him, and as they could not shot' his•mootb, shat up
Ihimself in prison.

SIR C. IPOLs-ELEPsLETTER.

The Letter of SirChailes Wolseleile4,he Country
Gentlemen of England, Riven in our Paper a short
time slum has met with high commendation. It con-
tains truths onpalatablt to alarmist*, and doctrines
quite terrible to the enemies of Reform. It is writ.
ten in the spirit of English-men of past days, when
they despised slavery, laughed at the wooden shoes
of the French, and bantered their love sit
the Grand - Moiramoe... It things back the times
of Chatham,. Jones, end Camden, and leaves
on the .mind a comparison, not in favour of the
present period. It is written with the manli-
ness which distisigoishes a freeman; and is eery
unlike the servile, cringing. flattering, fawning glorie
countenanced at Court. .It suits the meridian of Bit-
tain,•nd ill accords with the foul air of Aix-in.Che.
petit.; arid would be terrific in the police gentry of
that city, who, under the Holy Alliance, dismiss
whom' they Ovate, at their will. But the letter is
violent, Pay the alarmists. Is there any violence in
truth Y—Con truth he violent ?-oti ! say they,
truth muss not be told at all times! .I'his ve-sa sr,
*illy maxim, in most 00C{IffPOCPS of life. is alisurd--
in politics, alroays false and untrue. What concerns
all,should, if possible, be known by all. Governmeot
belongs to the whole—is intended as the guardian of
the whole, and for the benefit of the *hole; it in-
terests all, relates to all, whether high or dais, (W.
Of poor, the Peer or the peasant, the General or the
groom, the Baronet Of the barber t To the Gover-
nors, if they do well, it is the greatest advantage that
their good ads should he displayed ; sod if they do
ill, it is of the highest importance to society, that
they should not he concealed : they should be pro•
claimed to the
sPublic like the boors from Turkish
minarets. To hide their vices, tends to make theta
more vicious; to exhibit their virtues, to increase
their well doing. Property is precarious, life inse-
cure, where it is seditious to utter an abhorrence
of tyranny, mid treason to disclose its injustice.—
It is somrtignes the interest of men in power to
plunder the 'People ; but it is never the interest of
the People to be plundered. It is often the interest
of the Ministers to cheat and delude the govoreed;
but it is never the interest of the governed to be de.
lolled. It is sometimes the interest of the fey: to op-
press the many; but it is never the interest of the
many to b. oppressed. Ambition may sigh for ex-
tended empire, avarice fur plunder, pride for 1464,
and folly for gewgaws; but ambitiou, avarice, pride,
and folly, blast the happiness of society ; wild, as
they are curves, they ought to be condemned. To
suffer ambition to pursue its bloody-career—avarice
to satiate its unbounded desires—pr to gratify its
thirst for baubles, atel folly to plat tth her caper'd
ballet la etwAsaltea•ea.mapaeolha asal,-*-011e aattos's
ruin, is not innocence, bet a Zfrfoie i those who
would conceal iniquities end 'reeve's's the seditious,
not those who reveal them. Ile, who gives thealarni,
that his neighbour's house is on fire, is not tbeeriminal,
but he who occasioned the conflagration. He, who
publishes the crimes of the felon, is not the guilty
one, bat the men who perpetrates the misdeeds. So
he, who discovers the crimes, errors, or follies of
Government, it not criminal, but the Government
is criminal, who commits these follies, errors, or
crimes! ls any one so mad, or t, ignorant. as to
doubt that this country has safety., f loco, and is still
Suffering, from the hot-beaded pa,:;ons and Migf.llo3.•
Wing ig,norance of the Membeti ,bf the Tory Atitni.
nistrations for the last 25 years? Will posterity
give credence to the fact, that nearly TWO THOUSAND
MILLIONS have been spent by England, about the On.
'ligation of a river, the possession of a barren rock,
, end the restoration of en 'sited family to the throne ?
lss That Family is restored r exclaim the alarmists in tri ouph—
" *ism a glorious obiect have we oht. fined " For this restora-
tion. they would persuade the wea.rr in rejoice in his loom. the
ploughboy to whistle at the plough, the shepherd to carol whll-t
feuding k,, Sock, and the labourer and art.ficer to sing songs of
joy What it it to them? Are their emilloyments more plenty ?
Are their wages Increased ? Doe• this restoration produce C.ll/1•
fort for them? Tend to their happiness? Afr, d them pleasure?
lacerate their riglsts ? Estend their privileges? NIP ! What is
It then to them ? Can they be benefitted Is) the blackest. foulest,
and most bloody coasptracv miaow the liberties of man. in the
nasals of naliims I Was it for their advantage, that t.ngland
joitted with Germany in the horrihle engagement of liallAla.
Frassia, and sweacti, to restore ihe ;melee' &wilt ion of Fratier ?
Was it for liWif advatatage. that the noose of firtllft% kite itinetia
burgh issued Keehn' plan 'devilish Manifesto agoinst the infant hi.
berths of France ? Was it for Loglators Welfare. that .he Aphid
be alied to the CominentalTysaiiis, in their mad crusade against
the French ? One-Sixth pert of the population of Ef.gland now
depends for existence on parochial relief : a fourth pare lies in a
state lsetWven the borders of poverty and the brink of despair;
and from soother sixth, t:!e tours imposed ow them wring that
which they for their new necessities require. An annual ex-
militate of seventy millions—Excise Laws exteming sit aver
she land —*nand penalties increasing tarry Sessions in fright
fist protissims—jails actuality crammed. workhouses crowded—
that monster, the National liebt.-growing larger daily, in time
of peace. terrify the thoughtful, awl alarm the wise. What has
England obtained as an egoirment fur such soils? See Wises
C0U01...-
FIllitiND.TO expel/cm; Incurred in the mad
crusade wit*. Femme' the for the navigation of the
Scheldt, the posansionof Malta, matt restora-
tion of the ilourorms, abort
.
F.SOLAWD.—By the restoration of the House of
Bourhon,eminseted by literal worth t,. the nation .00 0 1
By the possessioe of Malta, estimated by its
real worth to the nation.... , . 0 0 01
By the Met igafioe of the Scheldt. estimated by
hs real world to the audios

OCT. es.—The Declaration or Address to the
French People on the liberation of their 'territory
has not yet been finally agreed upon, but will be
ready by the return of the Sovereigns. The Emperor
Alexander, It is now said, will return here on the
30th or 31st inst. to meet his mother, previous to
his visit to Brussels. He will most probably re-
main here for ten or fifteen days, when the objects
on which the Ministers have agreed in his ab.
sence will be laid before him and the King of
Prussia, who will return at the some time. The
conferences of Ministers continue es formerly.—
The parties in the affair of Baden and Bavaria are
not satisfied with the proposition 1 mentioned a few
days ago as meeting the views of the Allied Courts.—
The Minister of Baden, M. Berstett, is still ex-
pected here to attend to the interests of his Court.
General 'liaison, finding no longer any great persons
here to converse with, has retired to his country house
near Neuss, opposite Dusseldorf. The little German
Courts ate sending their Representatives here, as if
Congress was a, kind 'of Germau Diet. The agents
of several of the Princes of the second order have
already arrived. The mediatised Princes have come
in person. Cogan Bentinck, the Prince of Bentheim,
the Prince of Croy, and the Prince of Tour and Taxis,
are now here. The title and condition of these Princes
are perhaps pretty generally known. They were for.
merly as much Sovereigns as those who are now called
Grand pokes, Or Oho sit upon the Thrones of Ger-
many. They then held immediately of the Empire.
When deprived of their rights of sovereignty, and
subjected to States which held of the Empire, they
'mere said to Tsi'Mediatised. By the Treaty of LOOr•
many of the Spiritual Princes were that media.
tised, and by the Act of the Rhenish Confederation
in 1806 still more. Bonaparte observed no steady
rule in depriving these smelt Princes of their sove-
reignty. All those who could furnish him with
troops,' or were zealous to promote his views, were
allowed to retain their power ; while States that bad
nearly the same extent of territory, or who reigned
over as many subjects, if they could not or would
not supply equal contingents, were stripped of their
sovereignty. There were by the Treaty of Luneville,
and the Act of the Rhenish Confederation, about
80 Princes and Counts mediatised. Some of them
had to the number of 80 or 100,000 subjects.—
Most of them are in the States of Prussia, of Base.
rig, of Hanover, of Wirtemberg, of Baden, of Darm-
stadt, anti the other minor States bordering on
the Rhine. By the act of mediatisation, they were de.
prived of their rights of sovereignty, of making
laws, of raising revenues, of bowleg armies, of coining
money, and ether privileges; end became merely
the higher class of Nobility in the States in which
they resided. By the Act of the German Confiders.
Linn, concluded at the Congress of Vienna, in 1813,
where they declared themselves illegitimately de-
prived of their rights, and reclaimed them, they
were granted the right of equality of birth with
Sovereign Houses, that of forming the musepriei.
leged clpss, ;particularly in respect to esemption from
lazes, the privilege of being only amenable to the
higher tribunals, the 'species of the rights of civil
and criminal justice in first instance, and the local
police on their own estates. Some States, such as
Bavaria, Baden, and Darmstadt, granted them every
thing they could reasonably desire. Other States
did not explain themselves in regard to them with
sufficient precision, such as Preesia. Wortemberg
alone refused to admit their pretensions ; and as it
will be seen by. representation to the Diet, the House
of Tour and lasi' has formally complained of this
treatmenr.
The sixth Article of the Act of Confederation
Deems to be in their favour: it imports that the Diet,
in deliberating on the organic laws of the Confeders-
4;on, shall consider whether or not a collective voice
should not be allowed to the Princes mediatisos.
They have more than once provoked the discussion
eilhout effect. It seems now beyond a doubt that
they will reiterate their. petitions to the present Con..
gress, though it be difficult to conjecture the result
of this step. Austria, from her interests, will most Is this ammo cannot be included the low ot hnrann blond,
likely support their pretensions. She has none of the the
he essfrings ore,ll,thpinct,ritihem denthibtliesboulattirinsainadnleshatgrti:tcatit
Mediatises In her own States, while two or three of morn glory, which stenos. translated into plain Englilt, that
her Ministers (es Prince Metternich and Count Ste. Encl And is a stiec-pfut titadia.or I
But had her affairs been directed by Sara ncd Philosophers,
dion) are mediatised in other States, and she can thus what might have been done for half of Item:wanton pro osi
gain great popularity with them at no expense to Unman might' have intertected ivery part of the ensit•tr) t every
herself. Prussia, which seems to have an interest I pubi!c and private rand might have been •id in the A. et order
and repair; ten thousand asylums of and retreat might
against them by her possession of many mediatised have been erected and endowed t—a th ...mod hospital* for the
Staten. has; by I policy which' on her part would ap. sick and intirm raised in convenient , I:iceo;—,wriptdosight have
beepear Ultra-Liberal, made them great promises of sop• banished from
employmento n
firnisntdre;otsrti-bosabecwthpoo.ove4
frotrvelltoromm
our ;and; .
nbitit
port, probably to detach them from the interest of —population encouraged 4—emigration prevented:--a hundred
Austria. But the most favourable circumstance to new towns have been built. and a thousand witrul.d whuon_
the cause of the medistised Princes is perhaps the
,a,„"k„,
d inste
"th4efoorrnthesc Yet there therr!warVirddr'hrtee, awndhutihtereif"cerivt4oseot
fear of esciting revointiottary spirit hi Europe, by the words of Lord Diehl, " all the elements of mischief is
resisting demands which have much the appearance of bring a flourishing country to ruin and desolation," before the
paradise, which togbted aught have been made, land sops go.
I
legitimate right. vented she

.rte

• 0 0 )1
