AT VtAlt.

" The vanguard of Count Bordesoalt attacked, en the 4th,
at Vilebes, the remains of the column of Piacencla.
" The enemy, who mustered about 800 cavalry and Pa
Infantry, was completely destroyed : 200 prisoners were
taken, among whom were eleven officers.
" Oar advanced guard was at Baylen on the 10th."
From other papers that have arrived since our last, we
learn that the editors and proprietors of the Courier Free-
etas, and the Pilate. •ere celled upon to starry Into men-
den, fro. that day, the judgment of the Cour Royale, width
pronounced the sentence of suspension against those jeer-
pals for fifteen days. The last number of the Pilate hal
been stopped at the post-office, and seized, for Inserting.
from the London papers, the treaty concluded et Verona
against representative 'governments. From the following
paiagraphs we find that neither M. Manuel, nor M. Mercier.
are forgotten, nor the spirit of independence quite estin-
guished, in France:—" The banquet which the young stn.
dents at La Vendee, at Paris, are in the habit of giving as.
nuttily, teak 'place yesterday at Cadran Bleu. They pw
as toasts—' Their relations end friends in La Vendee!—
' M. Manuel, Deputy for their Department.'—' The Deputies
faithful to their instructions.'—''M. Mercier.'—' The speed)
return of Peace.'—' The' triumph of Constitutional li-
berty.' The banquet terminated with a subscription in fa-
vour of M. Magallon."—Several citizens of Rouen, saltier
part of the National Guard, have presented to M. blertig
an elegant musket; for the purchase of which a subset*
tion was opened at the rate of 10 eeotimes each person.
FAINCH FUNDS, JUNE 16.—Five per Cents. opened at
881'. 75e.; closed at Stif. ; Bank Stock, 1,643; NedP°'
titan Five per Cents., 70If. —Exchange on London, ass
month, 251. 73e.; three months. 255.55 c.

By German papers c.hicit have arrived this mornieft
we have accounts from Constantinople to the litb of
May,' which announce little else than the hares ti's
Turki entertain resp••c ing the expedition that had sal•
led against the Greek!. Ihe Frankfort papers are Cid

. .
-
with the proceedings of the Diet, in the sittings of the
30th of May, relative to the suppression of the Journal
published In Wirtemberg by the name of the Cerium
Observer. The reason assigned for its suppression is
that it constantly advocates revolutionary principles,
Its editor is prohibited for the next five .years, from
editing say similar publication. The Ambassador of
Wirtemberg declined voting.

,Svocx Exciairos, 12 o'cLocs.—Consols opened this,
morsisg, at 811 to 11, at which price they remain. A good
deal of business was done in the earlier part of the morning.
The Expresses from Paris have brought Ithe French .4ente
at 88.40. Spanish was done so low as 31., and got up to
118. A private letter has been received from Paris with
the Expresses, stating that the new Regency will not ac
ksowledge the Loans contracted for by the Cortu, and that
they have abolished all their Acts.
TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCH.
Paris, Jane 17.
Morino has defeated the L'Empeseinado It. Meralisee
and taken 1110 prisoners.
Poulos FUNDS.—Spanish Bonds opened at 29 to 1, but
went down to 28, with agood deal of business doing.
New Spanish, 281—New Prussia, SW—Russia, 80/—
Danish, 9J—Colombia, 661.
TROY THS PARIS PAPIIIIS or' THIS HORNING.
M. Juan de Erro, Minister of Finance of the Regency
established at Madrid, writes to S. ()straggle, banker, at

Paris, as follows :
Hering omitted In my last, of the 30th alt., to icrforin you
that-all the hypothegues which guarantee the Loan made by
the Cortes, will be appropriated to that which is going to be
raised by the Government, 1 beg of you to mate it known
on 'Change,because all the debts contracted by the pretended
Con siltutlottalsGovernment bare been declared null android.

PARLIAMENTARY COMMENTARY.
The second reeding of the Bill to repeal the Spite!fields
Acts, is fixed by the House of Lords for Friday. We have
said much steady upon the subject ; but it is one of so much
importance, as it may one day affect the peace of the metro.
polls, that while there Is the barest chance of preventing the
measure from passing into a law, we should fail in our duty
If we did not oppose it to the utmost. We therefore call
most earnestly, the attention of our legislators to the follow'
leg remarks, from a recently published work, upon the mis-
chief sustained by the labourer by the various laws against
be necessitous :
"The law protects the masters against the journeymen:
This is most vicious—the law, if it interfered, should
support the weak against the strong; therefore it should
defend journeymen against masters. Yet this is neither
agreeable to English law nor English equity; for we
scarcely find an Intimation in favour of the working
classes, except the 2d and 3d of Philip and Mary, which
begins—''Whereas the rich clothiers do oppress the poor
weavers,' &c.: and then the clothiers an ordered to pay
them so much a year. A few other laws may be added,
as that men are to be paid in money, and not in goods
—that children shall not be worked at night, Ike., which
shows a good, but in my mind a meddling disposition.
With such paltry exceptions, the whole cods tends to
confirm the strong in their strength, and to cripple the
enfeebled.
" The reign of George the Illd, multiplied vexations tent
this kind. In 1768, a great want of provisions compelled
the labouring population to demand increased wages;
yet they were foiled by the law, and the magistracy.
Many penal laws have been enacted against the poor
combining to raise their wages ; but nose against combi-
nations to depress wages, though every rich man is in
himself a combination. In 1810, the journeymen print-
ers of the Times newspaper were convicted of a cowl
'piracy, and sentenced to two years' impritonment is
Rewrite. Thus, lately, Justice Bailey said that ' cos.
Oblation was worse than many -kinds of felony.' And
Baron Wood, in passing sentence on James Wood, de.
dared that ' conspiracies were very mischievous; and, if
they were allowed,there would be no commerce.' Cambia.
lag either way is merely a contest between wagesandra
fita,t The rich and strong are the employers, vb. new
Oder that low wages are their gain ; and the legisla—
tors and magistracy join the strong. Thus Government
trickles to underling tradesmen, and the bondman has
'changed his name, and not his condition: Rich wenn
• "'ways command the Poor titan's work--the poor man
Mkt eat, and his wages are his means of living."
Or**ere be any truth in these remarks, surely it is too
Ansi to take away any advantages enjoyed byethe weavers
if Spitalfields ; when those advantages have bees a hundred
.fold repaid to society, by the peace, content; and good
Order, which have resulted from them io kalety.
Sir Gerard Nod appeared in the Hoke of CoMmons last
night as the Chaiploo of Olive, Princess of Cumberland.
The grounds he took were:—" Either prdve her antelopes'.
" jar, or attend to her claims." Mr. Secretary Peel went
into some assertions which appear to destroy all hoe.preten
doss; bat it was a very ill:judged procedure to pretest
her from being hoard in the Courts.

The Irish Trite Bill. mbaectlated of the only import
ant proviso, that of compelling the Clergy to accept a
fair commutation, continues to drag its dew and useless
Length Over the.table of the House. As it can do no
good, we are only anitioas that it should be refeoted alto-
gether.
LeM Nugent's Bill In tardier df the English Amelia Ci-
tholice was read proforese, a second din t—bot there can
hs as hope Of its passing the ordeal of the Ministerial bench,
dace the redottbtable Champions of Corfe Castle, Mr.
Betakes and his son, declared their deterMination to op-
Pee it with all their Night. Mr. Peel and Mr. Wethe-
rell also declared they shoed be found decidedly against
permitting the Bill to pass ; so that Lord Magma must
make up his mind to hays the Bill " licked" In the Com.
WMe to the Ministerial standard of beauty, or it will be
certain to be dismissed as altogether ineapedieot and
unsafe:
Mr. James, the independent Menhir for Carlisle,
startled the Honourable House a little last night, by
natio, that be should today present a petition from
Newcastle upon Tyne, against stavery—not the black
slavery of which so much bad already been heard, but
against white slavery! " Order I Order exclaimed
the Honourable House! Aod with great reason, for if
white slavery were abolished, there may be men in that
House who would not think the loss of their caiiies any
compensation for the loss of the profits of wearing them.
Necessity, it is said, brings a man acquainted with
Strange bed-fellows; and habit as assuredly reconciles
him to strange customs, and many of oar groat men
SING fiend slavery sos pleasant, that they have not even
1$ however fine their fetters, or
esisheisig they wore only slaves with tins
(su,. is, at boot.

THE STA'

A Spanish Cabinet Messenger arrived last night in Icon
don. He was dispatched by the Mock Regency at Madrid
to •Mr. Canning, and we know that the letters which h
brings for the British Government, dated the Bth last:sat
are for the purpose of requestiag that England will ache**.
ledge the Regency, according to the example given by the
Courts of Austria Prussia, and Russia, together with their
underlings of Naples, Sardinia, and " ifi genes mane."
Now, then, it is to be seen whether Mr. Canning will lay the
honour of England prostrate at the feet of a French General
and his traiterous associates, the Spanish Regener. We
shall see whether our neutrality is astonest as Mr. Canning
boasted, not two months ago. Neutrality commands that
the messenger should be immediately sent back with a pe-
remptory declaration, that England cannot consider the
French-Spanish Regency in any other light than as a parcel
of traitors against their King and country. (Morniagpaper.)
The farthest point yet attained by Bordesoult Is Baylen,
about half-way, or 150 miles from Seville. If the time
which he had spent in the first part of his march be a fair
criterion of that which the second will occupy, instead of
reaching the Andalusian capital, on the 20th inst., as it had
been announced, Bordesoult, even supposing him to meet
with no greater interruptions than he has yet done, will not
approach it before the second week in July. Meanwhile the
example of Mina, which has already roused Ballwin)*
from his lethargy, will have exerted the same beneficial in-
fluence over the rest of the Spanish Chiefs. On seeing how
much this gallant and active Commander has effected against
forces five times greater than his whole collected army, they
will know what It is in their power to do against the com-
mon enemy, and they will do it.

The Allgemeine Zeitung says, notwithstanding appear-
ances, the new Ministry at Seville is labouring hard to effect
a reconciliation with France, in which they are very essen-
tially aided by Sir William A'Court, the British Ambassa-
dor. Even quite lately, it is added, Sir Charles Stuart gave
assurance to the French King, at Paris, that great hopes
were entertained of the negociatioas at Seville terminating
favourably.

The King is now so well as to be able to ride on
horseback. His Majesty was accompanied on Monday
by Lord Cleaves, the Marchioness and Lady Elizabeth
Conyngham. He rode upwards of three hours, and re-
turned in his favourite little phaeton.

The Duke of Cumberland returned to town at a late
hour on Tuesday night, from a visit to the King at
Windsor. The visits to his Royal Highness yesterday
were again very numerous.
Yesterday being the anniversary of the battle of Wa•
terloo, the Duke of Wellington gave his annual grand
dinner at his house in Piccadilly, to the General Officers
engaged in that victorious event. The different ser-
vices of plate and china presented to the Noble Duke
upon the occasion were used. The band of the Royal
Artillery, in full uniform, attended, and played during
the evening.
The Marquess of Lonionderry is returned from
Vienna, last from Paris. During his Lordship's short
residence at the !atter place he lost his Star of the Or-
der of the Bath, and all the exertions of the Police to
make any discovery respecting it bare hitherto proved
in vain.

The Journal de Paris had mentioned, some days ago,
that Lady Burke, Lady Oxford, and Mrs. Hutchinson,
had received an order from the Police to leave Paris as
soon as possible. As a sequel-to this intelligence, one
of the Paris papers received yesterday says, "We are as-
eared that the revocation of the order for the dismissal
of the Countess of Bourke from Paris, was applied for
by the Foreign Ambassadors, and that they obtained
from the French Minister its indefinite suspen•ion. As
to the Countess of Oxford. and Mrs. Hutchinson, the
decision is adhered to, notwithstanding the represent*.
lions of the Ambassador of England ; and these two
ladies are to leave France immediately." What offence
the ladies have committed is not atatedj

The Royal Literary Society held its first general meet.
ing on Tuesday, and was numerously attended: A pa.
per was read, which gave a general view of the objects
of the Society, and a Council and Officers were appoint-
ed for the ensuing year. The Bishop of St. David's is
President, and among the Vice-Presidents are the Lord
Chief Justice and Sir James Maeintosb.

Yesterday morning, vast numbers of persons bared
to Hyde-park, expecting that the Guards would be re-
viewed in commemoration of the glorious Battle of Wa-
terloo ; but after waiting till past ten o'clock, they were
oblige to return home, it having been understood the
announcement of the review was only a hoax. The Guards
on duty in St. James's were drawn op as usual on the
parade at the Horse Guards, and they had a fine military
appearance; such as had been at the Battle of Waterloo
were distinguished by wearing sprigs of laurel in their
caps. After having gone through the usual evolutions,
they were marched off the ground in divisions to mount
guard in the places for which they are destined. It is un-
derstood that on or about the 24th inst. previously to their
annual change of quarters, the Foot Guards will be re-
viewed by his Royal Highness the Duke' of York, the
Duke of Wellington, and other distinguished Field Of-
ficers. It is also said that the Life Guards are to be re-
viewed about the same time on Hounslow Heath, when
several of the Royal Family are to attend.
Tits LINEN TRADE AT BARNSLEY.—SiIIet we last
adverted to the deplorable state to which this staple trade
has been reduced, in consequence of the obstinate and
unrelaxed contest between the masters and workmen, re-
lative to the abolishment of feats, we learn from autho-
rity that upwards of 14,00 weavers have taken their de-
parture. the majority of whom are now in Lancashire;
about 400 have found employment in Rnaresborough, the
trade and property of which this misunderstanding has
materially promoted. Two hundrrd have procured work
at Newark, and some have gone into Scotland. There
remain about one thousand in the neighbourhood; prim:
cipally with families, or otherwise restricted by domestic
and other ties from pursuing their avocations oo a morn
genial soil, who are actually. suffering under the most
acute privations rather than yield to what they consider
a despotic confederacy, or surrender what, in their esti-
mation, is a custom equal to. an hereditary tight, and.
which no organised combination shall userp from them,
In consequence of so many, peratives having struck, the
publicans, retail tradesmen, &.c. in the town, are under
the most alarming apprehensions, from the great defal-
cations they have experienced in their returns for the
past six weeks, poverty having, pervaded id such an ex-
tent the unemployed, who are deprived of the benefit of
parochial aid.—(Sheffield Iredepadent.)
New Cinema Gazenwicn.—The ceremony of laying
the first stose oeSt. Mary's Church took place on Tuesday,
by the hands of her Royal Highness the Princess Sophia
Matilda. The fineness of the day drew together an immense
assemblage of persons of the first respectability. The place
in which Me Lburch is building is on the north side of
Greenwich Park, taking in a portion of the Park as well as
the ground behind the College School.
The eerembny of laying the first stone of the new Church
in the Waterloo Road, by the Archbishop of Canterbury,
will take place on Monday,the 30th inst.
ANOTRIR VAN OVIRTURNED.—This morning; about
one o'clock, the Bristol Van, we are informed, upset
in its passage through Slough.. The occasion of this
accident, we hear, is supposed to be, " not the bad state
of the pavement," but the weight of the lading as the
wheels were crushed. We have not learnt bow the dri-
ver escaped; but we are concerned to add that the guard
was understood to have been seriouslyllisared.
MOST DREADFUL Accinutter.---On Tuesday last, as
one of the Baggage Waggons of the First Life Guards,
was coming from Windsor to London, the Taylor-Major
of the regiment, on going to alight, stepped on a box„
which fell with him under the bind wheel of the wag-
gon, and the wheel passed directly over his fate and
chest. He now lies at the village of Upton, near Sloughs
in a very dangerous state.

.-

THEATRICALS.
Harmanecam—An amusing trifle, almost too light to
he called a farce, was performed here for the first time
last night, called, " Mrs. Smith ; or Me Wile and Wi-
dow.' The story is simple, though the parties are sadly
perplexed about it. Mrs. Smith, the wife of Mr. Smith,
who, for distinction's sake, may be called the Jealous, is
in possession of apartments ie a boarding-house. Irs.
Smith, the widow of a Mr. Smith, takes apartments in
the same house; and a young spark who is about to be
seduced intomatrimony with the widow, is mistaken by
the jealous Mr. Smith, as paying his attentioos to his
wife; who, fortunately, for the furtheranceof the busi-
ness, has before met and danced with the gallant at a
ball; in consequence of Mr. Smith, the jealous, not
having had a dancing education a hint, by
the way, for all husbands having handsome
wives, either to learn to dance with them, or not take
them to balls. The husband and the lover meet ; words
run high between them, and a challenge is given. The
husband retires; and the widow Smith entering, an
amusing jealous scene ensues; the lover taking it for
granted that his supposed rival is really encouraged by
the widow Smith. Both the ladies expect the arrival
of an uncle: but only the uncle of the widow Smith ac-
tually arrives • and, unfortunately be encounters the
jealous Mr. arrives;
who, speaking of his own wife,
complains bitterly of her conduct, and enrages the un-
cles against her want of feeling, and fatal Inconstancy.
The uncle enters warmly into his feelings, and promises
to become his second in the duel. An interview
then takes place between the widow Smith and
her uncle, who heaps upon her the charges of the
jealous Mrs. Smith. The finale is brought about by a
dispute respecting the presence of Mts. Smith, who is as-
serted by her husband to have been refusing to come to
her 'nide, while the uncle insists that he has seen bee.—
This produces the two Mrs. Smiths, and the matter is ex-
plained. The language is easy, and pointed. A remark
of LISTON, in his complaint of his fashionable dress, that
he" looked as if he had gone naked to the Congress of
Verona, and that' every Ambassador hid thrown some-
thing at him—for he bad a Russian coat, French waist-
coat, Hessian boots, Cossack trowsers, and a Dutch hat"
—produced much laughter. LISTON was the husband,
and Virrixo the lover ; Mrs. ORGIR the wife, and Mrs.
CiIATTERLIT the mistress; Wm/tails was the uncle;
and the author owes them all his thanks for their success.
ful exertions in his behalf. We forgot to add oar thank,
thSt the piece is a short one. The certain fell conside-
rably before twelve o'clock. A new singer appears this
evening in The Marriage of Figaro.

SHIPPINO INTELIAUENCE. •

Demi, luxe' 18.—Wind E.N.E.—Came down from the
River and remain, the,Thossas Grenvlllo, Manning, for Cal-
cutta; also sailed the Cores, Ady, for Lisbon ; and the Aid,
Palmer, for Quebec. Half-put B—The passengers of the
Thomas Grenville are now embarking ; the ship is pre-
paring to sill.
Ponumount, June 18.—WindN.E.—Afrived the Indus,
Wright, and the Camilla, Rosana, from Memel, on the I tab
in st. picked up of the Galloper, a draught of nets, 49 in num-
ber, marked on the corks R.C.I.C. W.W. H.H. which
bare been landed here to good condition. _

PLimooss, Juan Jr—Arrived if the Port the Bark-
worth, Orses.fronaßombay; sailed Jan.l2, from the Cape
of Good Hope, April 4, and from St. Helena, April 17.
Leftat St. Helena, the Reptdse,for India: on the27tb April,
on the Line, spoke his Majesty's Ship Jopiter, with Lord
Amherst on board, and the same day the Madras, from
London, for Bengal.—The Barkworth passed several
Spanish Privateers croiziog is the Bay of Biscay.

Extract of a Letter from Zoete, dated May 6.—" The
Greek blockade of the Gulf of Purse
sand Corinth has been
raised sloes the Kith alt., and bills of health are now granted
bribe lonian Government from this and the other islands
for Petra., Ate. A Terkisksquadron cruises between Zara'
mad Pains; but, notwithstanding, some piratical boats infest
the passage, which have taken some boats under the lonia',
and Austrian Hags. As yet they have not attacked any Eng-
lish vessel, and the British ships of war on the station afford
every protection. Several English vessels have arrived at
Petra., among thee the Prince Regent.
VAUXHALL—A grand military fete took place at these
Gardens last night, in celebration of the anniversary of
Ilthe Bade of Waterloo. A more than usual display of
brilliancy was exhibited upon thit occasion, the effect
of 10,000 additional variegated lamps, arranged in va-
rious appropriate devices. The music, during the even-
ing, was principally martial; and 1 songs and
glees were sung, which were composed expressly for the
night. Besides the numerous sources of entertain.
meet prepared on ordinary nights, there was a handsome
piece of mechanism displayed, allegorically representing
the Sun of Britain's Glory irradiating the Duke of Wel.
lington's various scenes of victory. Its effect was very fine.
The ballet, however, seemed to constitute the principal
attraction. The piece was Cinderella, and was perform-
ed by the juvenile corps, in a style not often surpassed at
the prinepal theatres. The fireworks were unusually
splendid; and Mr. Blackmore, when half way up the
rope, in the midst of them, stood for some time on his
bead—a feat, the difficulty of which cannot well be ims.
glued. The Gardens, upon the whole, displayed an ex-
tremely interesting and delightful appearance. '
SPITALVIRLDS* ACTS.—Yesterday the Lords' Committee
assembled in the Old House of Lords on the Silk &tamale-I
terers Bill, to relies' those regulations called the " Spital-
kids Acts." There were only seven or eight Lords present,
-birds Auckland, Eilenborough, Bexley, &c., possibly
owing to their Lordships meeting earlier than was generally
itpectad they met and proceeded to business at twelve
o'clock. Lord Bexley was called to the Chair, Lord Liver-
pool being unable to atteod.
Mr. Harrison, Sm. attended as Counsel for the Bill; and
Mr. Adam and Mr. Wild, appeared on behalf of theiourniiy-
den Silk Weavers against the Bill.
The Counsel against the Bill applied for some time to bring
fOrward their witnesses, as according to the Standing Or-
ders, eddbnce bias not received until i Bill bad been read
second time and referred tO a Committee. This Bill had
no }eon read a second time, therefore they did not expect
to be. called upon for evidence in the present stage of the
prooeedlet. They desired that the business might be post-
poned till this diy week.
The Lords, after some consultation, agreed to report to
the House that it was expedient to receive evidence after
the Bill had been read a second time; after which the Lords'
Committee agreed to adjourn to Wednesday nett at noon,
'when Counsel and witnesses were desired to attend.
Lord Lauderdale appeared in the Committee when this
I report bed been agreed epon ; so that it was too late to
remind their Lordships that the Standing Orders had been
waived so as to admit evidence on the Bill previously to its
second reading.
There were again a good many Weavers In attendance ;
but the Streets were not so crowded with them as on former
occasions. Besides Cornmittees and Deputations, it was
understood that there were forty witnesses in attendance,
had their Lordships persisted in calling evidence.
Committee adjourned at half-past one o'clock.
Eft/J.6 FROM Tax 801101101 COMPTIER.—WiIIi4M
Mason, one of the prisoners committed to the Borough
Compton., on suspicion of robbing the Cranbrook waggon
on St. Margaret's-hill, of Country Bank notes to the amount
of 1,0381-, and Whose attempt to eseepe by boring through
the prison wall in concert with his coefederate Henry
Walsh, about a fortnight since, was noticed in
ill the papers, effected his escape yesterday afternoon about
four o'clock, by selling the outward wall by the means of a
water-sprint, and throwing himself down nearly sixty feet
on the other side, and made clear off. Yesterday a detainer
was lodged against him at the 'Cost Hall, on oath; of his
having been tried at the Old Bailey in September 1816, for
feloniously stealing in a dweilimphouse, and sentenced to
death under the names of William Mason alias Morgan,
which 'intense was afterwards changed to transportation for.
life. His trial was to have some ea this day at the Seuth•
wart Sessions,

- _ .. a.,

TO TUE ZDITOZ OF Tilt STAT&SYAN. •
June 18,1823.
Sta,—Allow me to say that it will be but d,iing jui,kl e
to the Regiment of Horse Guards (Blues); who 'lra
Knightsbridge yesterday morning for Windsor, to loser:
in your paper, so that it may be made known to the pith-
' lic, the highly respectable manner they have conduvGl
themselves during their stay at those Barracks. 1 have
myself resided in this neighbourhood for several yea:s,
and have had frequent opportunities of observing them
when not on duty, but never saw any man at a late hoer
from barracks, neither have 1 seen or beard of any quar-
relling, fighting, or any one lady insulted in passing
through the barracks, or in Sloane Street, the street in
which 1 reside. Previous to their coming, lam ittiry to
say, there scarcely was a week passed without iistacrei
of the above occurrifig. Being to the habit of read-nx
your respectable paper, 1 beg, as well as several others in
this neighbourhood, that you will permit this tritium-1y
in favour of the honourable regiment that has left vur
neighbourhood, to be generally known.
1 am, Sir,
Sloane Street, Your obedient servant,
Knightsbridge. JOHN COLES WARREN

THE BEACON NEWSPAPER.
Yesterday there was an appeal before the House of
Lords that excited a good deal of curiosity, cosinest,it
with the Beacon Scotch newspaper, and the bond given
by Sir W. Rae, the Lord Advocate, Mr. Hope, Sir W.
Scott, &c. to support such Journal on certain terms and
with specified subscriptions. It will be recollected that a
gentleman named Gibson brought an action against sat:-
Jerson and Craig, the printers of the Beacon, to rec ryer
compensation in damages for a libel on him that had, ap-
peared in such newspaper. Mr. Gibson afterwards spit
bisection, on account of some formalities, and went into
the Scotch Jury Court against Sanderson, the printer, and
obtained a verdict—Damages, 5001. Mr. Gibs to then
commended his action against the bondsmen, Sir W. Kyr,
&c. as publishers and proprietors of the Beacon, and that
action is the ground of this appeal. Sir W. Rae and the
other defendants resisted the proceeding before the Lords
of Session ; but such resistance was ineffectual, and the
Lords of Session seat the case to the Scotch Jury Court,
where the defendants were called upon to put in thrir
answers. In this stage of the busin 'as, Sir W. Rse ap-
pealed to the House of Lords to stay further proceedine
Mr. Gibson having already obtained a verdict of SOU: ,
and having thus procured redress for his wrung.
Tlhr ATToftwev-Gsrseaat. supported the appeal, quot-
ing the 55th and 59th of George li L, Acts for et-maid,
and regulating the Scotch Jury Court, to show that there
was the power of appeal. In this case Mr. Gibson had
obtained redress ; be had appealed to a Jury ; he had ob-
tained a verdict for 5001. ; and he now sought to pro-
ceed against other parties to receive redress fur that
wrong which a Jury bad already remedied.
Mr. Snowmen spoke strongly against the appeal. He
did not deny that the Acts which had been quoted, gave the
power of ultimately appealing against the decisions of the
ScotchJary Court to the House of Lords ; but denied that
the Acts gage the power of appealing on a case in its pro-
gress to theJery. Objections of form had been oscrruled
by the Lords of Session. There had been no verdict, and it
was on a verdict only that there could at last be an appeal.
The ease was of vast importance. It was entirely novel i a
its nature; and if it sacceeded, a most dangerous power
would be given to those who desired to delay or intercept
justice. •
The LORD CRANCILLOR said that the ease was of so
mach importance that he would take time to consider it ;
but he should be prepared to give his judgment on Fri-
day next.
Lords' judgment postponed till Friday accordingly.
sm
IHE LAN D.

DREADFUL AFFAIR AT MAGRERA.
(From the Dublin Morning Post of Tuesday.)
We have this day to lay before the public, an sccovt
of one of these horrible scenes of blood, which are of pe-
riodical recurrence in this miserable country. On the fair
'day of Migbera, in the county of Londonuerry, (we be-
lieve it was Saturday,) some of the Orange Yeomen of
that district quarrelled with the people at the fair: it has
not been stated to as which party was in fault. The Yeomen
being fewer in number than their assailants, retreated td
the barrack, in the town, where some regular troops were
quartered. • The Commanding Officer refused to admit the
Yeomen into the Barrack; but had the men called out to
afford them protection; The crowd in the meen time preseed
forward, and assailed the military as well as the Yeomen,
with a volley of stones, which hurt some of the soldiers, and
the Commanding ORcer himself was straek,it is stated—be,
however, prevented the men from tiring, until every effort
proved unavailing. At length, the Yeomanry having been
furnished with fire-arms from the barrack, the orders to fire
were given, when 1 vollles were fired amongst the
curers!. The carnage and confusion that ensued need not bt
described. The crowd having taken to flight, were followed
by the Yeewien and Military, and some of the houses entered
and sacked in the wadi. The numbers killed and wounded
are variously stated—hom 8 to 12 are said to have been
killed, and from 40 to 80 Wounded. The streets were covered
with blood.

This shoe/dog affair isnot& matter upon which we are
posed to make any comment until we shall have frill and au-
thentic particulars.
a:4omm! ACCOUNT.
The foregoing is the substance of 1 private letters
which wit have seem One other letter differs as to an im-
portant fact. fa that letter it is stated that the Yeomanry,
followed by the crowd,acteally entered the barrack by fore%
and supplied themselves with arms, and a quantity of batF
cartridge, belonging to the moldier!.
Ste HARCOURT Liz's CANNON.—The Cannon which
Sir H. Lee alleged, in his Address to the Orangemen, ti
have been in possession of the insurgents of Ireland,
turn out to have been two old ship guns, which belonged
to a vessel wrecked some time ago near Kinsale, and
which the persons who lately discovered in the water,
had with great difficulty raised, and were carrying in a
cart to Cork, to• sell as old iron, (the pieces being hooey.
eansbed and useless,) when the tart broke down. and the
appestat:cis of the cannon, made some blundering or
cunning Orangemen in the neighbourhood, believe or
affect to believe that the pieces (which, together, were
not worth a single blunderbuss), must have been raised
for the purpose of rebellion.
CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION.—At the Meeting of the Ca-
tholic Association in Dublin, on Saturday lest, Mr, Porde
moved as an Amendment on Mr. O'Connell's proposi-
tion respecting the eligibility of Catholic Clergymen as
Members, without payment. that they should be admitted
as visitors to the rooms of the Association without the
annual subscription necessary to constitute a member of
it. Mr. She'll seconded the Amendment. Mr. O'Con-
nell, Mr. Costello, and Mr. Lanigan, opposed it. After
some discussion on the 'subject, the amer,iment was put
and negatived. The original resolution was then car-
ried, after which the Meeting adjourned to Thursday.
The Barony of Clontisk, in the King's County, and the
Barony of Ballinacor, in the County of Wicklow, are by
Proclamation issued from Dublin Castle on Wednesday,
placed under the Insarreetlon Act.
The subscription in the County Cork for the apprehen-
sion of the sanguinary monsters wtmassassinsted the highly
respected Mr. Crofts, amounts already to Mfg —in addition
to which a reward of lOW. has been offered by the Lord
Lieutenant, for each of the first five persons who committed
the offence.

Ina subscription fora piece of plate. •aloe two thousand
guineas, In he presented to Colonel Barry. the maximum of
the subscription is one pound. Several genklesnea are al-
ready collecting the subseriptions.—( Warder.)
We understand that the ammeter,' recommendation has
been transmitted to England by his Esceilency the Lord
Lieutenant, introdeetory to the appointment of Sergeant
Torrens to the seat epos the Beach of the Court of Common
Pleas, vacant by the death of the late Judge Iletclitr.—
(Dublin Correspondent.)

. .
A Quarterly Omuta tr Prairie/ton .
elle Stock toras'ltict Ordeal') • Ada lel
•in LeadenballisteeMArbieb w. 'shad(
paripase bt lett:dog. dig Consilleffiftett: th
Trade - ••• "••• .• -
Un the motion of the CISAIRMAN, that tatiCelit ogre
to a Dividend of • 54 per Celt: ott thr.Co-ti_Parlyi 'Stoat,
for the ball-year eitMrheyeli.tern Mt
ending nn the :nth? July next.' • • ..• -`‘•
Mr. 11..Jacitiortiwisbed,Ufore tbe.Carart proceeded tw
'the hosineetwf the ,ifiry;• to • correct as 'eerie Whitilt.bad
'genie abroad;, is a -teport of .what be bid said at tha
iNs
Court. He win madtto say, 15 s re, hiepaPite,
-when alluding to' ie Attorneya the Su-
preme Court di' eileutli, tat inetty 'a them antra
Ni*,
without rank, fortune, character, orerthinaint; Noir,
he would appeal to the lionoumble •CbilhitinAwlilniter
he ha* so eXpressed•hidiselfPAnd•Whitlitio bid. at
pot the case hypotliefieltlY in this inietter-Ltbitt.se the
• sameregulation 'did' not exist in tibeVoutt -et tkieeittiess
in those of Madras gild •Bonfbey, and the want of web
reiolatiOns would perhaps open the dotir'tii the/ands-
'vino df improper persons. lie at the same tilifespreered
the high opinion be entertained of the eminent
. trate at the head of that Court, which precluded the idea
•of any unworthy individuals being admitted. He under
•stgiod from very high 'authority, that the .Judges of that
• Court were ready fo agree to any regaladall that the
Honourable
.Court of Proprietor' might choose to adopt.
So fat from unfitting the character of anyone of those
Dentition who-practised in the Vetrt at Calcites, lie had
no bulls:don in arowiig, that he 'thew io.fict on Whigb
be could impeach tbeir.eespectability.
CgalaMAit said, he perfectly recollected. thettbe
Learned Gentleman pet the can hypothetically.
The Ca AMMAN then laid before lbs Court an Amend-
ed Copy of the India Trade Bill, aid moied•"44 That .ffie
Court approve the said Bill." • • • '
Mr. runts reveled his approbation of the general
principle of the 'Bill .• ibet complained, that the system of
reciprocity between geglaad and India was not complete.
lie enntended, that the Lames ought to be placedua the
same footing with British seamen.
• Mr. lychee argued, that to extend to the natives of In-
dia the privileges of British seamen, would be useless, as
India was not a maritime country, neither were its popu-
lation attached to maritime affairs.
Mr. R. JacalSoN urged the necessity of securing the
Coasting Trade of lode for the natives. This Billwould
entirely deprive them of it.
Mr.'Gßasr. had never since 1813 changed his opinion
with respect to the Coasting Trade. lie thought it was
at that time secured by law to the natives. But some
Gentlemen on this side of the water, and certain of the
Company's legal Officers abroad, bad discovered that the
law did not prevent the Merchants of this country from
partaking in that trade; where this was the ease, be did
not think the Directors could devise any remedy for the
evil. •
Mr. TAINT viewed the poison as wise and salutary.
Mr. S. Dixort expressed bia entire hostility to the ad-
mission of Lascars to the privileges of British seamen.
Mr. ItollagT@ON approved of the Bill; whicbsoold not,
in bin opinion, injure the India' population:
Mr. IAwNDIs repelled in strong terms the proposition
for placing Lacers, a crafty, deceitful body of men, on a
footing with the generoos seamen of England.
- •The motion was agreed to.—Adjourned.

COURT OF CHANCERY, Wsbxasnar, Juan 18
COLOMBIAN LOAN.
JONES G. HERRING AND OTHERS.
Mr. WETIIIIRRLL stated that he was instructed to
make a motion, in which Mr. Attorney General was
concerned, respecting the Colombian Loan.
The LORD CHANCELLOR—Was it connected with what
was termed the Colombian Government ?
Mr. ATTORNIT 131NRRAL,-.lies.
The Loan CHANCELLOR MSS quite unacquainted with
the existence of any such government.
Mr. IVETHIRELL hoped he should be able to satisfy
his Lordship that the loan was good, if the government
wes not.
Mr. ATTORNIAT•OINERAL interposed, and decidedly
objected to this motion taking precedence of others,
which were equally pressing in their nature.
The'LORD COANCIILLOR said, that be could not bear
this case out of its turn, unless it could be sbewn that
ti•e circumstances under which it was brought before
hlm were pecoliarly urgent.
We understand that by some extraordinary accident
the Learned Gentleman mentioned the Colombian • in-
stead of the Peruvian Loan, in which latter case a mo-
tion was to have been made to dissolve the injunction,
by which the Court bad enjoined the bankers from
applying certain monies in their hands to the payment
of bonds which had become due.
COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Jugs 18.
This being the last day of Term, the Court sat until a
ate hour.

IN VIZ NUTTER 07 lILAKZIACIE.
This. as a !sedan calling upon Mr, Blakelock, a re-
spectable solicitor, to thew cants why Ise should not an-
swer the matters f affidavits, which imputed to him,
that he being 'gest on behalf of certain petitioners in
Parliament against the return of Members to serve in
Ferilemeat for banister, bad abandoned their inter-
ests, and accepted a bribe of 1501. from the opposite
party to neglect his duty?' The applicant was Mr.'
i;sertborne, one of the ensitecessfal candidates.
Mr. Ceatrasts and Mr. BlOtHilLin now sheered cause
*gain. and Mr. SCAXLIMF sad Mr. PAM* vies -beard bi
support of the rule. ;- • • • st • i . ,
Mr. Blakeloek, in Mediae% podded, iladoilbe
MAW imputed to him. • A •aebeerlptdousitellk bad bets
Asa the
emend into by the-Preen of Laeolsair be- emey
masa sod the mean wu, pieced la lb* heads of Mr.
r.
Aebsson, the Coo•Wpllellettor, for that purpose. sad M
Illektioek was upped hi Ike latter as town aged. Mr.
plakeloeic gave the usual ,sesarities required by the Coil:
midis of the Howes of Ceemeass, for paying the eeriest
et the Petition. end hid Welbelly scivemeed out of It s owl
pocket about 15001. is did result latiding
that Mr. Cased
titorae, eke was • the sabilimilal Petioner. without
isolate pity tbeispeseetst'the Petition. 'bleb would cost
WM. et least per weehrlea overture was Made from the
ee side. sod ea amount entered into, by which it was
*visaged that the Petidoa *add be dismissed as &helots
and vasatioes, tbeeoesesefel party undertakiag not to de.
maid costs. Th. Welds party agreed to give UM. to de-
fray the expellees Of metals teltaessit attending in Loados,
la support of the petitlop.•• glider *We ••strcemstinees, the
section 'was. whether city biale was adritietable to Mr.
takelock, who polities, ditaleklbii eptripthin imputed
to Itient •
_„ • • •
'net:Gorr, after hewing,* clipassiltiboti sides, die-
clotted thereto with costa. •• • • .1A •. •• • • . .
woe eine is. WILD. ASO'Aseirsita.
This ass a robrobtaiered a few daps ilia by Mr..f.
pews for a certiorari to remove i .to this Coen' as indietA
diPtieent against the defendant for the; wilful murder of Mr.
Jun Law, who bed beestproseeetor to this Court is De-
cemberlast, of an iedietmest against Mead for wilful end
corrupt-p..6aq, in order that the defendants might. be tried
ease, et th•• bee of daleGoort or in- some other county. on
the grouted that they were shelikely to have a fair end lap
partial trial in the moody of York, where the alleged' mar-
tierAvei commtletiltboooseleence• of certain -int immetory
taternents.willsppearwa 4a the Yorkshire • Newspapers,
pad-libido's revere dlslibotes in the City of 'Verb, at the
lest Assises.timilinglaipteiedleetheprisoneve eatheir
trial. 'i
hiroD. F:Stemasidwea.ablenad' barbed: argemert; tiow
showed caw*. eislitalated_oot to !IN/Coen theloseperuble
41111ealtles addelritrednipileate mil the Svelte W
the prisonoes, rbahetalthedg plashed to the Widened;
aadvaaleirently emdeautire4ried Oa at the parotid's

the prose-
from any
, to this ap-
filiatios.
rAlLL.Wttuairs and. Mr. ARCSSOLD. is ingenloas ad-
&lgoe to the Court, urged the impossibilityof obtaining an
trial for the prisoners in Yortshire. in consequence
Itilliettiellafiammatory publications which had bees circulated
What eounty.
r. • Ti. COURT expressed much diMeulty in complying with
Se object of the motion in the absence of all precedent.
Admitting the forte of the reasons which had been urged in
support of the 'motion, they thought the safest coarse was
to refuse the typhoidal', trusting that la the county of
York a jury could, after the lapse of five months, since
which there had bees nano petition of t e publihcation,
found, by whom. the priers might now have a fair end be
impartial trial. Better to adopt this course than estabilth a
preceding which might in future time; produce coasidegable
mischief.—Bale discharged.
Tae; aye V. DOLBY.
The Covey to Wriest in this case against MI6 '1
pounds which had big unodtD support of the motion fee
anew trial. The grit objection was as to the mode in witidh
the jetyyrocess had bees issued ; and the second was as to
the menthe in which the Wes de elreenisfantibus had out
previously summoned. Neither of these objections was
tenable in the opinion of the Court, regard being had to
the summoning jurors by the common law,and by the Staub,
110 Hen. VIII. c. 6, and therefore they discharged the Rule.
1210 W. KILEY SSD CLUTTER/VMS, ISQRS.
This was a rule Nisi for a criminal information against
these gentlemen, Justices of Hertfordshire. for alleged cor-
ruption la the discharge of their °Nee, in convicting • pit-
ies Mader the Game Laws.
'• Mr. floaaLerr now prayed to enlarge the rule until drii
wet Term, not eltbstseding the anxiety of the defendants to
give a full answer to the charge alleged against there. I
The rah was accordingly enlarged.
A great many other rules were enlarged.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. •
Sittings in Banco.
V. lODSOI.
This was an sellout of trespass and false imprisonment.
ilisrevtg I:id in ff, with another person, bad been a surety for an
, a bail bond to the Sheriff of Durham, and had
bola a:vested on account of a breach of the security by the
principal. The plaintiff settled the cause, the defendant
afterwards detained him for the fees of the arrest, and he
was obliged to give a note for the payment of those fees,
after which the defendant permitted him to go at liberty.
The case was tried at the last Spring Assizes for Durham,
before Mr. Justice Bayley, and the Jury gave a verdict for
the plaintiff and assessed the damages at 395. The Learned
Judge reported that he thought the action was very ill ad-
vised, bat he was of opinion that the Special Pleas did not
cover the whole imprisonment. However, as the Jury had
given a verdict for less thin 405., his eordship had cer-
tilted to deprive the plaintiff of costs. If the imprisonment
for the fees was a new imprisonment the plaintiff might
aeloteln'tbe action, bat if it was merely a continuation of
the first imprisonment, a verdict was to be entered for the
defendant.
Their Lordships were of opinion that the imprisonment
was only in continuation of the original arrest, as the par-
ties had never for one moment been separated, and the ver-
dict was, therefore, entered for the defendant.

SHERIFF'S OFFICLIBE, RED LION SQUARE.
EL
BKILIT V. AIMILWTT.
This was a writ of inquiry to assess damages arising out
of in action' for libel in the Court of Exchequer, and in
which the defendant had suffered judgment to go by default.
Mr. Buoy:suss stated the case. The plaintiff had been a
respectabletradesman of Stafford, but becoming embarrassed,
had been obliged to relinquish his business, and bad since
been employed as Sheriff's officer. The defendant was the
printer and publisher of the Stafordtktre Pottery Gazette,
to *Melt the libel had appeared, and which *rose out of the
following circumstances :—The town of Stafford had been
thrown into a fernient by the active, but irregular proceed-
ings by which a Mr. Cooke had endeavoured to obtain pos-
session of the Stafford Barony, to which he laid claim, and
which is at present in the p ion of Sir George Jerningt
ham.ln these proceedings the plaiotiff haffibeen employed; and
hence had given offence to the partisans of the Jerning-
ham family. The defendant had thought fit to publish in the
Newspaper edited by him, a song and note forming the libel
now complained of.
The newspaper was bare put in, aid Eir.Baonouss read
from it the following estracts •
Of the worthies who compose the family of this lordly
Cooke, Sir,
First on the list is Humphrey Bayley,* soon to be a Duke,
Sir;
Duke Humphrey, so renowned of old, again in fame shall
shine. Sir,
A likely Peer to ask the Baron and his friends to dine, Sir.
• Humphrey Bayley, a noted common informer, who has
been so long employed in the bouncing trade, as to be incre-
dible on his oath.
Mr. DIOUGNAII resumed. The Jury would perceive this
to be a case of libel, In which the grossest attack had been
made on his client's character ; that after having been held
up to derision in the song, he had been vilely calumniated on
the note, and he now called upon them to give such damages
as in their opinion the case required.
Mr. Pasasom, on the behalf of the defendant, urged that
the plaintiff had, by associating himself with the Cooke's in
their lawless proceeding, exposed himself to animadversion,
and that the defendant could have had no other intention
than that of preventing Cooke end his aksoelates from con-
Unclog their extortions upon the tenants of the Stafford
Barony : be therefore trusted the Jury would give no more
than nominal damages.
After the Under-Sheriff had summed up, the Jury retired•
nod la about half an hour returned into Court, andpre their
—nemeses, 101-

_
PLYLIT V. swrrn.
This was an action brought by the same plaintiff against
the defendant, who is a newsman in Stafford. for sell.
leg copies of the Newspaper containing the above libel.—
The defendant had suffered judgment to go by default.
The Jury returned a verdict—Damages, Is.
POLICE.

-.•••■•••••

Bow-sTazaT.—Yesterday, Samuel William Mika, was
brought before Mr. MINSIMILL, by Stevens, a patr?le.
egad with uttering several forged 51. notes, purporting
to be of the Bank of England. •
Mr. Davies, a broker in Tottenham Court Road, stet-
ed. that the .prisoner came to him a few days ago, and
stated that he belonged to the Clyde east Indlarnan. Ir-
ing In the Docks, and wu in want of a chest,which would
be serviceable us sea chest. Several wereshewn to him.
He chose one at 301., and paid for it with a5l note, re-
ceiving the difference. Witness subsequently discovered
that the note was a forgery.
Mr. Steele, a law stationer, in Chancery-lace. stated,
that a young man in a sailor's dress, whom be vertlybe-
Revert. but could not swear to be the prisOneic• came to
his shop late one evening, and said, he wanted .a stamp
for a warrant of attorney. The necessary stamp cattle to
31, which was paid with a 51. note, which afterwards
proved to be a forgery.
• •It third charge was preferred by Hr. Harrison, a watch
Maker, at Islingtoo, to whom the prisoner went to order
a watch, to be got ready in 12 days. He was to leave )1
u a deposit. and Mr. Harrison gave him four aoureigns
in change for a 51. note.
The prisoner. whin asked what he had to say in an-
.swer to the charge, said--if yea still indulge me with.i
private bearing, I can make an important disclosure ; 1
will tett you where I got the Mmes.
Mr. Mirtaffoth=lim ready to receive any declaration
ton may wish IS make, but it mast be made.here. I can
grant a* private hearing.
The prisoner made an reply. sad was remanded.
:. I/LAUD. —Nickolas 'Parsley. a lima n lin has *onetime*
bees maployed ire an txrra eonstible in the Kensington
district; Waceharged'estth hewing difrauded d Mrs. Hu:
.
ceitft; ofOltrucerter:Terrat*Alttletelelorit • •
•

iN

_ .
Laiti; !hi see** herself to. Ite tb. Wu St Vis.
Hsreoert, has! been aqampaned to the
.Cretety Court fee a ,
trilling debt, in eon of her having passed bire4
word .for a distressed friend, and she employed the nrie
soner, who represented himself to her as a Bow.envet of.
firer, to carry the money to the County Court and dig-:
charge the debt and costs. Instead of paying the debt
he converted the money to his own use, and she after-
wards lied to pay it with increased expenses. Subse-
quently she discovered that he was not a Bow-street offi-
cer, and she caused him to be apprehended.
The fellui nude a rascally defence. He denied having
repreeented himself to be a Bow-street elks,: but adei
mined that he applied the money to his own purposes.
and attempted to justify his so doing by stating in grew
terms that the lady was not, in fact, married to Copula
Harcourt.
The proseentrix upon hearing this assertion fell free
her seat, and was carried out of the office in violent
Unice.
The prisoner was folly committed for trial.
Ursioat-uatt..—Yesterilaii at half-past one o'clock. the
three young men (Steel, eppel, and Scott) who *Med
charged with the murder of Mrs. Richards, were brought
before L. B. Allen, Eaq., for a final examination.
Hall, the chief constable, intimated to the Magistrate,
that since the last examination Heppe' had made a full
confession of all the facts to one of the gaolers el Hone-
monger-lane prison.
aletlbe Hook, of Robert-street, Stockwell. nieee to the
late Mrs. Richards. wham she was in the habit of seeing
every Friday, fully peered the identity of her unfortu-
nate aunt's watch (now produced), and which was
pawned, by the direction of stoffel, at Mr. Wainesley's,
the pawnbroker.
Reed, the constable of Clapham. produced the pellet
which was dragged from Mrs.ltichards's side, 'costarring
bee spectsclee, a shagreen case, and two thimbles; also
the white handkerchief, with marks of blood upon it,
Which Lad been throat into her month, and the, brown
Raper parcel directed for "Mrs. Bell, at Mrs. Richards,
Llaphain Common," which led to the apprehension of
Stoffel almost immediately after the murder. The
writing. On the outside of this parcel was compared with
that which Stoffel exhibited to the Magistiate on the
morning of the confession, and they exactly corresponded.
Joseph Phillips,. of No. 9, Charleston street, Bermonde
sev-street, saw the three prisoners (accompanied 'by an-
other man nut present) come into the tap-room at the
sign of the Union public-house, in Mint-street, about a
quarter past nine o'clock, on the night of the 9th April.
They remained drinking there until a few minutes before
eleven.
William Bates, another man, who was also at the
Union on the night of the murder, was examined. His
evidence completely confirmed the confession of Scott,
from the time he entered the Union and subsecptently.
Alexander. a watchmaker in Newington
Causeway, proved that the watch (now produced) was
brought to his shop on the 9th of April, by the prisoner
Stoffel, who in two hours afterwards took it away.
The evidence against the prisoners having been gone
through,
Mr. Ala.'s said, "Now, Keppel, are you prepared to
say whether you were in Mrs. Richards's house on the
night of the murder."
Xeppel--" I will be °Mired to yon if you will have
the confessions of Scott and Stuffel read over to me, end
I will then tell the truth, as I understand they have laid
the whole to my charge."
Mr. ALLEN rewiuded him that be bad already made a
confession, which by (the Magistrate) had taken down on
Ibis first examination, and observed, that his pleading
guilty, if he intended to say it was so no,i, would out
avail him on his tri.l.
Mr. Reeves, the chief clerk, then read the confession
of Stoffel. Keppel listened to it with great attention,
and at the conclusion he was about to speak, when the
worthy Magistrate interrupted him, and again urged Lim
not to say any thing which might prejudice him on his
trial.—The three prisoners were then committed for trial.
This day, the prisoners who stand committed on charge
of felony, will be removed from the several gaols in the
City of London and County of Middlesex, to Neweate,
preparatory to their taking their trials at the ensiling
Sessions at Justice hall in the Old Bailey, which will
commence on Wednesday next.
OVER-LOADING Brace COACHES.—ALATIMING RIOT.
—.Tuesday George Baker, driver of Robinson's Notting-
ham Stage Coach, from the
ageAnel In
ns,Anteet,
Aldersgate-street, appeared to smmo on informa-
tion, before Colonel Gary, at Hadley, near Barnet, one
of the Magistrates for Middlesex, charged with over-
loading the roof of the coach ; which being satisfacto-
rily proved on the evidence of three witnesses, the de-
fendant was convicted in the penalty of 601. The gen-
tlemen of the whip feeling themselves aggrieved by this
decision, mustered as many persons as they could, is or-
der to duck and otherwise ill-treat the witnesses. foe
which purpose parties were stationed at every out-let.—
This coming to the knowledge of the Magistrates. --
Dimsdale. Esq. accompanied the witness.' a part of the
way by a bye•toad, when seeing no persons, and think-
ing they were beyond danger, be parted from them.—
Ile had not left them five minutes, when about fifty ruf-
fians, who were lying in wait, rushed from behind a
hdge and sup a shout. The witsses ran off as fast
as they could , when on passing Hadleney Church, a fellow
jumped from behind a chaise and attacked them,
and snot* fellow came to his assistance; the
' witnesses. pot their backs• to the wall. and a
sangeinary. bettle took place. One of the villains
gave opeof the witnesses a tremendous blow with a heavy
‘bludgeon, anctlaidlis head open ; another of the wit-
nesseif. seeing an immense mob approaching, and that
*their Hies were in danger, pulled out his knife and stab-
bed hie opponent in the rightism. Colonel Dory being
infuriated of the riot, came from his house with a party of
gentlemen, and endeavoured to apprehend the villain
feho gave the Mow; but the ruffian being backed by a
large mob, exceeding 300 persons, in the most daring
manner set him at defiance, and afterwards escaped. The
whole of Barnet was in a state of confasioa daring- the
day. The Magistrates being deteratieed to enforce oho-
thence to the laws, summoned all the constables in their
neighbourhood, and issued warrants for the apprehension
of the principal ring-leaders. Col. Dory, and a strong
patty of constables. armed with pistols, escorted the wit-
nesses safe out of town.
ATROCIOUS Arrata.—The Newry Telegraph says, "We
are informed of a circumstance of an atrocious, character
that took place at Olenavy one day last week. The son of
a gentleman who resides there, bantered two young sea, In
the service of his father. to try which was the better maw at
drinking, and offered a certain sum of money as a reward to
the victor. It may be mentioned that previeasly the young
men, had each drank four or five 'laws; they, however,
agreed paths, alluring offer—a moot of .whisey for each
was produced—they dunk it drat one draught, and, moles.
eholy to relate, one of them instantly dropped down in a
awe of insensibility, from which he never awoke. The
other arer's. life was sated by having thrown, off the con-
tents of his stomach. Is sot this a case of algal murder?
Does the law inflict no penalty on.lbe aggressor 1"
Tile inhabitants of Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, versa
on Meoesy last throws into great consternation, a leptt
teeiog current that several dead bodies bad been dug ep
from 'their place et interment. in the church-yard. On •a•
eradiating the matter, it was ascertained that the body of a
:rectally interred had actually bele removed : the
=of the deceased having obtained.* search-wart ant,
shey yescsagpese sea:claw sthe bassos of, tbolls,ou,whork the
it/hetet easilgoa,riatete, and alasohitely (4n4d. the body In
the hoes& neclicel,.proteesor. The culprit :uneetilat rly
okoroire aepid the eassesery, penishment of the irritc tad
nOatic, an 4 fria444 of the. taattgled body found in his
Mika, -itHotestrqstri'arit4 . - •

DiA7ll 07 A SIMICAILII6.-Botireell thebours dispel,*
and ooe on Tharsdav morning last, Mr. Thomas Hamil-
ton, Admiral y* Midshipman on the Gout Blockade
service. discovered several persons concealed behind the
paling at the home of Mr. May, •Drocherelt, whore he
supposed to be a working party waiting t• run a contra.
hand cargo, for which at that hour the tide suited. Mr.
Hamilton fired a signal for assigtance. and taking amass
ket-from the bands of his orderly-man, jumped over the
pallor, and pursued the piny about half a mile up the
country. Amongst them was James Cumley. a journey.
roan blacksmith, who in the act of reaming away was
shot; the ball taking effect io the pelvis sad
passed through him ; and on being oetereeyed to• a eat,.
tags near, he was found to be dead.
An icquest was in consequence held before Mr. T.
Dray, Coroner, on Thursday and Friday. at the Ship
lon, Dymchnrch. It appeared that another of. the
party, John Dixon,. who was a little in adranee, heard
the deceased exclaim," I am shot," returned to his as..
sis'ance, and in so doiag met Mr. Hamilton, abo took,
him into custody. Several shots were fired in the pur-
suit. The evidence on the part of the Coast Blockade
was, that the party were to the notorer of forty or fifty,
and armed;and that they all retreated before the Midship.
men and the erderlpowir; that in the pnrsvit Mr.
Ihmilten fell down, and his musket went off by acci-
dent at the moment Cumley dropped ; and that the
wean& might have been inflicted by one of the de.
eeased's own party. The evidence adduced on the con-
trary side tended to prove, that the party its waiting did
not samba of more than' sixteen, and that not one of
them was armed. Medical Gentlemen who esansised
the body bare expressed a doubt whether the wooed
tided not have been inflicted in front, although from
trite situation of,.a fractured hone, their opision prepon-
derated Is farmer of the ball having entered Wood ;
she Jury as•aboet five o'clock en Friday, after a patient
Dad Hoye investigaiou of eighteen hour., returned a
verdict of " Wilful amnia against some person or per-
sons unknown."---The Coroner was misted by his Law
officer ; and a Professional Gentleman attended is
behalf of the relatives of the dece.a.d. •Cawley Las
left a wile
_and seven children miding at Lympne.—

(Kentish Gazette.)
Cotentin's Isietrase.—.4a inquest was hell yesterday'
evening. la the Board-room of -St. Bertha Hospital.
before Thoeme Sheltie, Esq. Coroner, on the body of Mi.
chest Delaney.,
biletraelDallahsgh. a bricklayer, of 12, Cross-alley, Gol-
den-lane, deposed that on Sunday morning last about tour
o'clock, John 'limey came to the door of the room in wkd
witness cud deceased were and bunt open the door; De-
hney was standing on the floor; Iluasey bad a hoaxer in
his hand, with which he struck Delaney a violent. blow on
the head, without any proencation' and kuoeked him down;
the deceased had been brought into witness's rOOlll about ten
minuterpreeedlng, to evade his being taken by the °Been,
by John Canning. who on his return locked the door; when
the men was knocked dawn, three watchmen came la sod
took Hussey away to the watchhouse..
Juryman—Where did the affair happen
Witness—No IS, New-street, Cloth-fair, Where I then
Used ; 1 have since removed to the residence above stated.
Thomas Magrath, bricklayer, of No. 12, St. John's-court.
Smithfteld, at the time of thisaffray lived at No. 13, New-
street; witness was then in bed, sad saw Hussey break
open the door, and soon after observed the deceased fat',
but did not see soy thing la flussefi hand on his entering
the room • the destined, Denny, was brought into the
nom assort time before by John Canning; witness saw
them in the room, and saw Canning fasten the door after bin
entrance.
Juryman—Was the doer opened easy or broke open t
Witeess—l as sore t cannot tell.
Coroner—Did you see the blow struck 'l'
Witness—l did not; I suppose the deceased Ml by the
blow. On Ilussey's entering the room he said he was ill-
used, and Delaney rejoined, he was able to face him ; ilus-
sey agaia said they should not serve him in that manner, to
which the deceased had no power of replying: the deceased
and I lussey were relations (first cousins), but witness had nu
communion whatever with them ; Delaney sppetred to be
mush hurt in the haul; be was able to speak in a very low
I tone: Delaney's brother was in the room, and the watch-
men took him to the watchhouse; witness took deceased
to the Hospital; when put in the ward, he said he thought
be should not recover ; and la a senseless state then closed
his eyes.
John Canning alias °anon; lived at 13, New-street.
Cloth Fair, with John Hussey. About 4 o'clock on Sun-
day morning last, he was awoke and told to go down
stairs, " for there were people murdering one another."
Witness went down below, is the passage of the house.
and saw Hussey, deceased, and his brother (Thos Dela-
ney), Hossey's wife, and several others whom he did not
know, in a general fight, " beating one another as well
as they could—palliog and melding themselves all in a
lump.' Witness catight hold of Michael Delaney (de-
ceased) and carried him up stairs to his brother's oeti-
room ; loon after lie heard the watchmen coaling lip
stairs with Hussey. He heard a knock at the - door,
and no sooner did the door fall in, when Hussey entered,
and struck the deceased a violent blow on the head.
which laid him-prostrate on the door, weltering in his
blood. There was a large cut direct across the temule.
'flue deceased's brother then pt up, caught hold of Hus-
sey, and laid him on the stairs, saving, " He would have
hint for serving his brother so."' The watchmen laid
bold of both, but let Hussey go again, and conveyed
away Delaney. Hussey returned, and kicked the deceas-
ed several times, who lay bleeding on the door. Hussey
did not say a word till be struck deceased.
Thomas Delaney, brother to the deceased—On Son-
day morning, between one and two o'clock, beard his
brother calling out murder ; he got up, went down
stilts into the passage. Saw his brother, Hussey, and
his wife, with several other persons. Hussey and his
wife at that time were beating the deceased, and Hussey
knocked witness down. Witness took hold of his bro.
thee and got him up stairs, with the avaiStanie of a for.
mer wheats ; and when they got into the bed room, wit.
nets bolted tbe door. About ten minutes afterwards,
Hussey broke open the door, cams in, and with a ham
mer he held in his band. immediately struck his brother
with it. who inetamneXell on the Beer.
d, Awhich w large har
seers
mers
or rather.small , was produce
identified as being the same with which Hassey knocked
the deceased down.
The Colo:tea here observed, that there was tots shr
dew of cheese of is to s esociastowthat eight, NA
he proposed as adipeoomeat tUI Immune. (this ary).
which was agreed to..

the 17th WV, et:Lee, is KW. MY.
Charles Inglis Reztord, of 4t4seak to Jan* Warm Jobs-
son, of Limekiln-lane, Greeemieb, eldest &tighter Otis
late Ws. W. Jobe.... Weed-street, Ratcliffe.
On Tuesday, the 17th Inst.. at It. George's, Bloollsbarro
Joie Nose, !mg of Cheltenham, to Mary!Ann, only dor"
ter ado late Richard John 141111myton, Esc. of Gulltlferi•
street. Ibmmell•sqnare.

DIED—On the 11th inst., at his apartsasots. Uhl* al*
sea. Mr. Jobs Borchelt, of Great Newport-street.
Oa the !inkiest., at his resides's'', Is tiontbanytan. Or
James Lind, K.C.8.. Captain in the Royal Navy.
. Elizabeth, the wife of Mr. Iknry Thwaltal,
junior, ef Stafford-row. Buckingham data. Plialico.
On Monday, the 16th inst., at her boos* in Devonshire
street, Portland-piaci, Lady btauoton, relied of the icy
sir George Leonard Staunton, and mother of the prove
Bereast.-
Qs Ihrsilay. the IQth instant. at the house vof his aos-iv-
tilt. inked Baxter, Esq., Winchester-row.
Psddie
do Orme Parkhurst. Esq. of Catesby.Abbry,
amptessabbhs. in the 616 year or hfs awe.

"1.17.14.4"... Ds. StvatlwbonTEdilintteciliNli'Vl:Nrasontstioll..t.d2Cieticial77BdthiPepas,:dLibhyedit'
to)* addressed.

:~ ~-,

THE.. STA
:11"9111111M2111141111Mill"... •—•"'''.*N.ei=a11:4111161111111.11111511"9.1111911.11.1111111"rtilt 11414-evistabitstSbede airreeteisd.
Hf
A Quarterly Oesital Coiiif of Proinietora Eass Id- 16i sot Tifi 1 1)-PO4/11e.• Osebisf to tri
ballot. Oa the part a the prose- w,
Smelt tetts•iteld•yirstifday.' thy 'Mew, lettortibiliiiidireed alidailts whir* ituied them from any
LeaapobatetiteMAtitieb waaThad( • fry 'the stars ha *we proosedlora width *bleb had' led to this ap- sfic:
. teieettee, •
