1 -

-711T*"

4./ 1

•• ..


• .••

•
RDitOtt of TIM j 17:-MSMJN.
St* beg ICATC 10 ree&nmend that Mars
ktaires penny raffiu bj deposited in the British
Maseini, to torch Magistratuti and Mana-
gers 'mercy.
Soso-bqsare. A PIIRS M AIU.
soutcommatims
71. Me EDrioll of TllE STATESMAN.
.4rt—The &issuers, *ha are so anaiung tot
their pit and Bet Costumer'. should bear is
mold. that by the 18111 doses of mint is
the New Pulite Act, all reputed pickpockeee
found at the Thostre, or in any of Its issosises,
sre Ilahie to sia nsuntiss imprisomniut.
lira% 's itss. .t STUDEST Or LAW. •
V. Fur further prat:slim, the hlasiagerK are
rt:errod to Hill Semmes, C'extegeoess, ur any of
the 11ua.,-street

To the EDITOR of ?mg rriI'ESMA.V.
-Aar—
Si —As I cannot always restrain my feelings,
at the Theatre, I should very much like to
ku•sw from Jcnsmy Ilruserlon, whether laughing
.!,,ad at a C.,..netti, or s;;;hing and robbing as
,:etiky at a 7'ragetly, are, in rause, to be consi-
dered as decided mark* of " insubordissettion:P'
Anil also how many may lough, sob, or sigh, at
one time, and in nne place, without risking the
danger of being indicted for a contpirity,
('AUPIOUS THEATRICAL !lAA.
P. 8. If Jmntelreran•lion can't resolve this nice
q•iestioo,„ perh.ipa it. , disci-in:mating neighbour,
the Major of the Geashbing Corp', will help hitu
out.
To the EDITOR of THE ST-ITES

Sin—l do not soe it reasonable that the follow.
ing passigi. ihuold any loner bs marked with
•erteil comm.'s. If yon have any interest with
the Ill.nriger% of the different TheAtres, I hope
you will exert it, that sn great an impropriety
may be coreeetial in Elie Prompt Book
If it please your howler, I any the pot- Mikes
tole, and toy name is Llbow I I do lean upao Justice, Sir.
4.A d.v brio;; in here bc;Ore 'our good honour, two notorious
benefactom." SHAILSMILRE.
Duce by my Mister's order.
Z. Y. CLGRE ro 0. P.

.7',) the EDITOR of THE SP.I7'ES.II4N.

request the favour of you to inform me,
whether the bail of those individuals against whum
Bills were found, on the pfulecution of Covent
Garden Theatre, but whose trials are put off till
the neat Sebsiuns, ate discharged from the receg.
till.lllClll.
A. A.
In compliance with the request of A. B. we
beg to inform .him, that such Nitrate not die.
ciarged, until the party shall have appeared, or
fresh bail Vac been put in, and the Indictment
traversed.

To nee. EDlffig or yin§ st,trissird Y.
-...........
Slta.—Struck with the coincidence of dark
shades in the characters of two individuals, who
now " strut and fret their hour upon the stage"
of human exi,itenee, I hare ceannisitted to paper
sonic ideas un the similitude, of which I request
your insoction la Tits STATESMAN.
A PARALLrA, BETWEEN THE GREAT TYRAN^,
AND THE PETTY THEATRICAL TYIIANT.
SONAPARTE. 11,4111L11.
The fasaily of Bonaparte long So did Wu et finable.
dived 'in poverty nod eh-
• •urity.
The ftvnur of a female gave The favour of a female gave
mi •iloit to the good :Inane a grand impahm to the for-
s :•.••rui parte. lanes of Kombk.
'. 1-• ;, •rie stung the fostering Kemple Me" to make a
1• .. ~t• the King, Who bad " splendid dasort" of that
- , -.shed and protected edikee which had nursed
and .hellered him in the
hour of his necessity.
•p • rte rringellasd bowed So did liftable.
~slat opiates; till he
. t Maimed wealth and
wet.
125
~tap .rte, hail the So did Ketable. -
otircts of his a di•
Intuited am Mrs
meraus family elit altatKe-
end- and eheem-palbgs of
i.lbee.
ltmaparte exhibits the at- So dose Kemble.
aunt coutlmpt ter the pee.
Ple•
Bonaparte is ty maples! and So is Keethle•
oppressive.
Bmaparte elides the public Su does Ketable.
voice by spies, bayonets,
and peacegidieers.
Bonaparte is vain, pried, hy- Su is Kembk.
pocri;ieal, and atubitinos.
Bonaparte still maintains his Knoble has fallen, "sever fo
pre-eminence. rise again"—and there the
similitude fails.
J. F.
The following is a list of the persons against
whom indictments were preferred, and the iiiihr
thrown out by the Grand Jury :
N tier'. It cCIFSATIONS. WITNCTIVS.
Collllll4fied on the eiri-
.: oiefa.K ray, Blowing W Iliad", ) &see of W ill Parry,
Fireflies.
J. Wells.
Kelt. V inall,
31. Same,
Wm Blackball,

‘an. DoiAcid,

-r--_~-9.-----cr,... _

..

I

17'o Ills EDITOR or TJE

sTATEsO

'it ,V. 1

Sur was among the kat who contributed my
mite fur the tidfdiWd of any fellow-countrymen,
whom I 6i considered as unjustly prosecuted by
the Managers sod Proprietors of Cuvent-Garden
Theatre ;" and it gives me infinite pleasure to toe
the daily incresse of the fund, notwithstatuling
Messrs. Uroion, Cobb, and Co. the Bankers, have
taken such great painsto inform the Public that
,deny have no connection. with that Subscription fur
tie 66 Defence of Pursuits under Prosecution
for riotous behaviour." I will not, how -
evar, w itite year (into on the subject of those
Gulatlenamseevut whom, all that I shall say is, if
grown, Cobb, and Co. are, as Mr. Miller in his
letter has must happily observed. " ashamed" of
becoming " depositaries of a subscription, hay.
44 ing fur its object the vindication of the rights
and Liberties of the subject," I am nut. Sir,
I gioi;y in avowing myself as having strenuously •,
exerted myself for the promotion of an object so
honourable tto the character of an Englishman.
But, Sir, I hope the British Public will not stop
here—there is (to use a favourite slang word of
Lord Castlereagh) an ulterior object of paramount
importance. We must have 6' Wenn( ity for thepast
nnilsechility for the future,"—the verdict of a Bri-
tish Jury, by which the measure of damages for the
outrages that hare been committed by the ilk.
gaily bruising, seizing, and dragging to prison
British subjects, may be assessed. For the
promotion and final stecomplirketent-of this
lect, I Will-again come forward with my mite as
smog as a Subscription for the assistance of the
parties shall be announced.
I have been, Sir, on the Continent of Europe,
,where the liberty enjoyed in this Island is the
aubjeci of universal envy and admiration ; but I
take updu me to say, that in no part which I have
1-visited, would have been tolerated the outrages
recently committed on the persons of the people of
tibia metropolis. There is no Government on the
, Continent that would have viewed with indtrer-
ence pruceedings so flagrantly outrageous.
We have witnessed, Sir, an attempt to thump
the people of England into submission, by the
hired agents of the Proprietois and lislaitegers of
Covent Garden Theatre. To intimidate and co-
erce the people of England, we have had Magis-
trates on the stage, flourishing the Riot Act, as if
it were the truecheuti of a Field Marshal ; we
have also seen every part of the Theatre stored
with police-officers, runuers, constables, She.
riff's-officers, prize-fighters, Jews of the lowest
dais, watermen, firemen,....ruffians of every
description—the very raking. of the metropolis—
the very uutcasts of our primes ; we have seen,
besides this respectable corps, the Gendarmerie
of the " House," and of their Tradesmen
Blacksmiths, Carpenters, Foundery-amen, and
Bricklajers Labourers, have swelled out the le.
jinns of the Proprietors.. This organised body,
with Generalissimo James Brandon at :heir head,
we have also seen iis acts of violence and personal
outrage, more disgraceful to the perpetrators and
their employers, than any that have been displayed
in this metroputii, within the memory of any wan
living. -ob. ••
•
The spirit of the People of England is not
yet Cuiinct:—That in some classes it is woefully
declining, it is impassible to doubt ; but the man
who befietesthe moment to have already arrived
when tbeedian Satellites of a Manager can thump
the Public into dubmissiott, 'wall eventually disco-
ver that the sitteapt was nuthieg short of infatu-
ation. Indeed, were it possible that the public
could submit, I have nu hesitation in pro-
nouncing such a public, MUNI more fit fur
the soil of Turkey, than of England. We
have beim in the habit "any time" these last ten
years, of bawling against the tyranny of Bona.
parte, and of deploring the misery, of the inha-
bitants of France. 1 have no inclination to at.
tempt the defence of a character in which, amidst
the brilliancy of his successful career, there are
unquestionably many leading points which are
wholly indefensible. Let us, however, view him
and the people of France as they really aro, and
not through the false medium of sycophantic re-
viler', pretended patriots, and hypocritical de-
claimers.
Of the following incident I was myself an eye.
witness. In crossing- the Pont Nenf at Paris, I
saw a patrule of cavalry passing the bridge. An
old man, who was crossing at the same time, not
being able to get out of the way, was knucksist
down by the horse of one of the patrule, but tats
materially hurt. The populace, however,
diately seized the soldier, and, in defiance of the
•serjeant, and the rest of the troop, took him before
the Magistrate, at the Hotel de Ville. Now,
Sir this fact, which I would not have asserted
had I net myself seen it, moon its nay humble
opinion quite as much of liberty, as the treatment
of the People of England by the Proprietors of
Covent Garden Theatre, and their Ruffian Arils,
Gennialissinso Brandon at their head.
Thursday, Nov. t

M.

Hiettw,ty RosalaY---On Wednesday CTell-
ing, as Mr. Sanderson, of Chelsea, was returning
homy in a single horse chaise from Bromley, he
stopped by two footpads between Candler.
I and Britten Cansewri, one of whom, in scia.
ing fast the horse's reins, affrighted the spirited
island, and notwithstandiag it set off at full
speed, and dragged the follow a considerable dis.
lance, he at last with much difficulty held It till
secomptice came up, who after mounting the
prageated a pistol le Mr. S. and be has-
mounded his money, threatened him with in.
If be attemptod to make the beast assiOal
resisiasee, sad being fearful of the come.,
qtrawas weduni, pee them what cub he had
anseentieg ter between 131. and 141. ; these
repast not content with this boutyf then
• search his pockets, and bridles within*
of with what they had got. Alt. S.,
A that day upwards of 3001. the whole'
(except a few shillings)s sith the sum he.
robbed of, would in all probability bass
the villains' hands, isui be nut diapadalli
two hours before ho was Stopped.

...

.

I

. .

coujriEL
We are happy in hating it in our power to tab
that the Milandurstanding between Col. ‘Vanot.c
and his Counsel. regpeeting the conduct of the
late trial in the King's Illench, no longer exists.
An explanation has taken pi.tce, equally honour-
able and satisfactory to bath parties. The fol.
lowing Letters, which we publish by authority,
cannot fail of giving sincere pleasure to the friends
ot.those Gentlemen, and to ctery real friend of
the country :---
James-street, Buckingham Gate, Oct. 23, 1809.
MY DEMI Slit—l thank you leach for brin4ingabout the
interview between Mr. Serjeant Best and myself. lam now
fully convinced that he would have (*lied the witnesses I anx-
iously wished to have 'web examined, if the note which I
seat, and the verbal answer which I afterwards gave to a
message frost him, had been communicated : I feel it,
therefore, an act of justice deg to Mr. Serjeant Best and the
other tieutlemen who acted with him as Collo9el for me, to
acquit them of any biome whateser I and I am glad to find
Mr. Serjeant Best is satisfied that I wished, and intended my
witnewes to have been railed. May I trouble you to coin-
munimte these, my sentintents, to Mr. Serjednt Beet, ::nd
through bim, to Mr. Parke and Mr. Marryatt.
I am, my dear Sir,
Y our's, ever truly,
ToJottx ELLts, F.sq. U. LL. WAROLt.
•
Gray's Inn-sivare.
Ms De 4R Sta—The enclosed has been Just received by
me from Mr. Wardle. I•feci sincerely leartry that It 11rt'
inoted the interview, the result of which has confirmed my
original °pistols, that you have been mutually deceived.
Year's, my dear Sir,
Very faithhtly.
To Mr. Serjeant Ben. JOHN ELLIS.

Lincoln's Inn-fields, Oct 26,1809.
Desa ta—l have shewa Mr. Parke your letter of the
Sid inst. and also that:of Col. Wardle, which your's in-
close'. Cot. Wardle having expressed his araction that
we did not refuse to call tile witnesses he wished to have had
etamined, find aaviag acquitted us of any blameti the con-
duct of the cause of Wright and Wardle, we have no ob-
jection to advise with him on the propriety of moving for
the sew trial. I Mate been preveated fr•ac seeing Air. Mar-
ryatt, by hi, absence from town, hut will take the earliest
opportunity of communicating to bin Col. Wardle's s nti-
loran. I am, dear Sir,
Year's truly.
W. D. BEST.

To Joiri ELL'', Esq.

REFLECTIONS ON A GENERAL PE.ICE.

The following refiections on the ditlieulties at..
tending the conclusion of a general peace, have
lately appeared in a work that has made some
noise in France:—
..
" A durable peace, founded on victories, ant
consolidated by voluntary sacrifices, is an eternal
monument of glory erected by a government.
66 What readers peace with England more
difficult is, that even supposing that the Btitisb
interests had chiefly been considered in the treaty.
Prance will still preserve a superiority of strangle
it'd means which will always alarm her rival ;
for the power of the one teats un a real, and
that of the other on a
_Nahum basis. Eu.land.
*III, therefore, deem a treaty hisootorable nod-
advatitageoes in proportion as it shall have huts.
bled and weakened France. The letter, on ac.
coast of her topographical situation, causes the
welfare of Europe to depend un the maintenance
of her power. The extent of her territory, her
population, the genius of her subjects, their ta.
kit ts, nod her warlike system, pieee- her- it w
guard over the liberties and prosperity of sur.
rounding nations.
" Europe, at the present moment, can boast
of only two Powers of the first order--France
and Groat Britain. The latter had subju-
gated all the Coutinental Sovereigns by her gold
and her intrigues ; the former bat raised them
from beneath the yoke by the force of arms, and
opened their eyes to the great political udvan-
biers which she held forth to their view. England
Mill probably become totally passive on ceasing td
pay subsidies to allies who are no longer her
slaves ; whilst France displays her usual activity
In preventing nations from selling the blood of
'their subjects.
66 Far greater would have been the difficulties
which France would have had to encounter in the
prosecution of war, had not the English Ministry
previously poured into every country, conquered
by our arms, treasures which only served to sup.
port the French armies. The British Ministers
may thus boast of having, for a tong series of
years, been the chief paymasters of our troops. It
is true, that they had respectable Commissaries ur
Agents, their crowned allies, who, when defeated,
abandoned the provinces which they had enriched
with subsidies lately received, and which were: paid
back into our hands under the shape of contri-
butions.
" An important part- of the commercial proa..l
perity of England consisted formerly in her relpol
tions with the Continent. Englishmen were ah.
lowed to trade, and even to form among the curia.
nettlel nations, colonies of despotic merchants.
This system has long since ceased to exist. Its re-
hvival *wild probably he a condition warmly in-
' stet on by the British itegociators who .should
treat fur peace ; but the interest of Franco and of.
Europe would imperiously .equire its cuutiottell.
annihilation. ..
" The prosperity of the whole world demands
that the commercial stsperiority of Grist BASSOS i
Avoid be prevented from becoming universal, Gel
at least from maintaining its universality. To
cheek the ambition of England is' in reality to
serve het boat interests, for then jester prepor.
liens will be iselablishod between her and her colo-
nies.
66 When the too greatest nations of the uni.
verse, France aired Ensleed, contend together fur.
the Merest' of Europe, who dies not clearly see
that the motive of Fiance I. to extend the sphere
of her itillueoce, and that of England to impose
kr yoke upon nations ? The aim of the former
gismo endanger the iodepeodenee....olsilst the
pretensions of the latter must, if snereisful, pro.
duce the slavery of the whole atorld.''

_

=L=

•

• l'lti fINIVARSITIES.
11644.) s
'I tilitntEt odr.
Miii - ' ir -
alhettligy t tho- oroba elution, of St.
Johles'Calt&O,llll.4:ll..ind"tdileilt In Divinith
and alig Pfeliessilityassrlferttfril'i,' was admitted
Bache& ill' Divin altisliounder.
r.'*. Wier 13.4 .of
. Queen's Colter
was adulhkeetfit,'A. t*
Thursdif ti e' Gehtletneo were ad.
mitted to dekreet " 1' •'
Masters of Artiaaßlll4 VPi'Pery, of Mandates Hall; Rev.
W. Coogreve blanket!, of Brosenose Corner ; Rev. John
Rockland, Rev. James Illeacone, rood Rev. Arthur hileyrick.
of. T. wit y Coll e.
Bachelora of:Arlo-4dr. John Tuckey4 of Megdalen Hail ;
Mr. W. Porry Richard, of Queea's College; Mr. Cowles
Asiatic', of turist Church; Mr. Andrew Quicke, nod Mr.
John Lasts; irk. of New CulleTe ; Mr. Thomas Teaser. of
Bailie' College; Mr. John Moore, and Mr. John Banister, of
WOICWier College; lion. Jape* humete t.,:ocbs, of Bra,coust
College; Mr. N. Kin ey, ofTriolty College.
ECCLESIASTICAL PROMOTIONS.
The Rev. John Parsons, D. D. Viet-Chaucellor of this
Uoivenity, and Masterof Ranks' College, is noonioated Dean
of Bristol, la the room of the Rev. Bowyer Edward Sparkea,
D. D. promoted to the See of Chester.
The Rev. Joseph Richardson, M. A. of Qateett's College,
in this University, late Curate of Petworth, Sasser, to the
Mastership of the Grammar School at Sheffield, Yorkshire.
The Rev. Edmund Paley,• M. A. of quero's College, to
this University, to the Elblag of Cawthorn, near Barusley,
ork • ta ire.
The Rev. Gainsfurd Smith, B. Co. Fellow of St. Mary
Magdalen College, in this University, to the Vicarage of
Eveody, in the cudoty of Northampton. Patron, the Petal,
dent and Fellows of llaqd‘leso
t, Tire Rev. Thomas Autbouy Methuen to the Rectory of
Allcanivings,
The King bas been pleased to prevent the Rev. James Kir
den to the Church and Parish of Fetterruiro, in the Presby-
tery of ['yardman, nod County of Kincardine, vacant by the•
death of Mr. Robert Foote late Minister there.
The Rev.. Hugh Chattel :rev Jones, Stodeut of Christ-
Church, thlbrd, and 111411:tin to his Grace the late Doke
of Portland, is prr.euted to the Living of West Ham, iu
['Amex. void by the cession of the Rev. Gerald Valerian
Wellesley.
The Rey. Thomas Anthony Methuen. Clerk, has been in-
stituted by the Lord Bishop of Satishoey to the Rectory of
Allcannirls, void by the death of the Rev. Mr. Heath, on
the preseionatioa of Poilip Gal, Esq. of hisolso. Derbyshire.
The Peesb3tery of Edinburgh have agreed to translatoillr.
Boonton fro:lithe New Grey friars to the Trott Church, on the
t,hl N or. ; Dr. Gram, of Cattukuigate, to pnaseb aod preside.
The following aro elected at Cambridge for the
• ensuing year:—
The Proctors-Mr. Tatham, of St. John's College, and
Mr. oilaule of Christ's College.
'ehe .11i)Zenttors -Mr Waiter, of St. John's College, aell
Mr. Tortoni, .1 Catherine Hall.
Toe nears-Mr. A. /harm, of Trinity College, std ,•'
Mr. D'Oyly, of Booe't tj,;. 1.
blesses. Bloomfield and Clarke are elected Fellows of Tri-
nit/ Co:tege. ,aist •
thr. alltoissiOns alNhOdillioreatsCidlleges of Cam.
bridge have oriel. been raminsberad Ilb great l the '
number adosii,4;ol. at Trinity Culinviesalome it be.
tweets BU &tut pa) amongst niussas7aeoms. r .s,
Lord Viseoupt,ruo4moursi Lost (iiingtraylkir. Hon. •
Mr. Macire.isie, Mt. Melville, Mr. Xikaailll, Sir C. 8„ C.
Come, :..tr N. Coition*, J. W. Hort, &c. du. ' •
; i
STATTKViIe oft the 'Conscriptional Force qf
.IFallgos, from the RepOrf of the Count de CISOAC,
Orator of the Council of State.
The Class of 1106, consisted of 44;9013, according to the
Lists of Colowription.
Thal Clam comprising 13 'nand,' . 4,23.00 u
Tb..t of 1897
Stil,ax)
3fiv..000
369,00 J
- • - vac=
• Warmbet 5 Mew mall the pram shonalle lbws haw ham
natal $4OOO
1 .1d143°
IF
ISA Wiwi" kr. IOOUO
IteY9 • • 4/041•0011.. •••p • • • • 10'2, NV
1810 ' 110,000

.

I,'

•

. • 593.000
Themrimplegiently ressaintstlll at home of the Five Classes
I,3t7,obizra. . „: I.* I.
Sittialia.appoiukisk la :Middlesex and London,
before the 41000100:Pia imosMansfvelbs Knight,
Lord Chliar.i4mAithwok his .Majetty'S' Court of
Common .Kteahoi;,restusinster, itv•and(ifter Mi-
chaelmas TuraberlBo -t s-4 II: in
miDDLEsiirl 161u.'" ii.411140;4.
Friday - 1111.410
- Nov. It
Tbursilay - hh 4/ :" - - 17
Thursday - • T.l riday - 24
AMR- .TE R M.
Wednesday - Nov. 19 I Thor3day • NvV.
It is somewhat remarkable that No. 4,699 was
drattu a Prize of 50001. on the 20th of last month,
at Coopers' Hall, end was :11so drattn it Prize of
10601. at the same place, in March, teat year.
The late Rev. Mr. GLASSE was in possession
(including the Rectory of Hatiwoll) of upwards
of .10001. per ann. He was a Gentleman of tonsi.
derable natural and acquired (emits. When intro.
ducel at the French Court, during the late short
BO!SAPAILTE pronounced him the most ac.
complished Englishman he had seen at Paris.
On the 25th, the inhabitants of Newcastle, in
lieu of an illumination, subscribed upwards of
6001. for a public school on the plan of Mr. Lau.
CArrEn. A number of debtors were liberated,
end the poor in the different parishes were enter.
tained with a good dinner. At the head of up..
wards of 500 poor persons, entertained by the
parish of St. Nicholas, was a person of the name
•of Jouts Asuzasox, in the 107th year of his age.
On account of the Jubilee, Mr. WHITE and
Mr. GANOT, of Plymouth, state prisoners In
Exeter Jail, have been liberated.
In consequence of the great quantity of rain
that has fallen this year, immense numbers of beef
hive been destroyed. tieing deprived of a suffi.
recoil of foci(' in the waste grounds and fields,
they hate swarmed In the grocer's shops and
warehouses) in a very unusual manner. The pos. I
swims -of Wes say that there will be very little
horny this season.
The wheat sown by .1. C. Curelltv, Esq. at the
Schnose Farm, is truly remarkable : there.are al.
ready 280 acres, With TOO WitiChever. ;
there are '7O acres more to he sown, which will
make 350 acres of winter, urn. The aNxl'aown
on the Schuose g molly 1000 Vika.
chester bushels; 010fAl thanhirai, probably heft
town in one ti
sown petb4,„
The Tice.Cilatice iiii;aicilhaMtrateisity of Cam.
bridge, it a cougregition• kekrowhill4l,l, Oct.
30, declarod the vicen.r7 thix,p4oll4. Master.
ship, soda pNiferl'Mailit,lol4l,,af
her, for theday ofWection. niece this be.
cause it had been previuuslymnierstood that this
Elect;ron wis to have taktil *place on Thursday,
th.• 9th.

~-= _

•

-"'-;r• ^ ""077, ...."" 'MIS -.-,
( the Fireman.
J Wells. Whittles's:l Horn, Ditto. /tow. in a Si
Itoht. V inall, Hors & Ptswieds, Ditto. . was stopped
M. Same, Placards, Ditto. well and Brij
%to Blackburn, Dusintaa's Bell, 8 Bow-street Miters, , , a
IC
f Falkland, Ironmonger., Mg foal U
Great Queen-street. animal, and
ca-n. Midfield ? Adder siog the Au- I °A°II4C/erk to C.F.' speed, sod I
/ lurid. 9
1 disuse,-•
CT:feret,. r ,Cleek deb, ling he at
hhis secomptio
fisuerelt, 011eer. carriage, pro
oa
I.Selka4nitli, Name, Julian. lug deusando
Wm. sons, S it {Jew). alias slant death it
or mimeo
John mark, Placards Rad tbe C
Six (Alien, 0. t' . W.ateb , illisnaw, gawps 4 g
Ribbon, Two) libeellis 1" aroostot
calipostert,
•
Alex. Cbsekes =, alias Ali "o- .try
J. Dessasdril. laktidell
Twelveotbers, more, Witt
FV" Man it glee roositod
Phi*" "Int* -of obkit (ex
tn. usages Rue, Li:hr;eikerlOilicers. had bees tel
Edwards, . ' fallen into dl
All the above returned ignoramus. • of it about. t
