•
Iv.igoLgoN wn TDB rRENGIi PEOPLE.

1711,F,1

ry " .1

I
Pori'. Oct. 9. ,
I• , 'rbe following is-the translation of nn Mikes.; to
Ow 1,
French ,filile, -fthich is generally circulated in
France, and m hick is believed to be tin authentic
document, written by Napoleon on board the Bel-
' 41sPejskon :
" Tbe machinations of treason have obliged me to
. SeparstleWain frefm yen); but ,ai Aiwa of the sante
, trggernt..l lemma airily year misfortunes!
(../ u I coveted the sceptre but to sway it for your
/ •
glory and welfare! The knowledge of my devotion
to your honour and prosperity elicited the hatred of
.:e 1 the Sovereigns of Europe. Had I aught only to
feign e ithnut regard to the interesti of my people, 1
qt. • .
-stfould have established in their eyes the legitimacy
' of my title to the throne. Had agriculture been
Istlected, had manufactories languished, had debt
st.• becurnu!ated, anti public spirit been degraded, then
1 hilas,ured the friendship of rival Potentates: had
I cffEur

~~

t 4

_Jrnscribed the prosperity of the empire to the
111Mbellishment of its palaces, or sacrificed the majesty
gibe thrive. to the preservation of the royal autho-
Vy, then my dynasty might have possessed the in.
glorious inheritance.
" The Sovereigns of Europe confederated against
me as a Legislator whose establishments nurtured and
animated the telentsand industry of the community of
owllich I had been elected the Chief :Magistrate, and
tiffs proscribed my person as the shield of the power
end independence of the Slate. The enemies of a re.
volution which had triumphed over the abuses that
occasioned it, and mercenary traitors insensible to the
calamities of an ipvaded country, associated their
efforts .to paralyze national exertion, and to make
you believe that war was my policy, and peace the
boon which the Governments of Europe solicited from
France. Unwilling to sacrifice the illustrious remnant
of your defenders, thus isolated from their country,
I yielded to the wishes of your Representatives; and,
to consummate your security, l surrendered myself
the4Pends 'of my enemies.
" History offered no example where repose and in.
dependence were the rewards of subissis.ion ; but
many of individual dev elites to the lives of a Harlots !
Since the fatal mom-"t when France announced that
s'eo ceased to combat for her liberties and safeties,
what nosfortnoes, etimea, and humiliations hale de-
imitated and rlegr tiled the enipire•— W sr, h all its
devastations, conquest, wi. h al; its violencies, tyranny
with all its abases, and subjection enh all its shames,
have overwhelmed you ! Outrlge and fie: tidy have
out-stepped--even my forebodings ! The perfidy
of Austria, which uncovered my line, and oc-
casioned my disasters in Hernia —which bartered
Poland., violated the NEtitary Convention of Dres-
den, and negotiated but to betray ; the perfidy of
Pr.ssia, whose monarchy I preserved, ween cow-
ardice and treason had rendered the kingdom de-
fenceless, and treason had undersn tied its throne ; of
Russia, *helot., civil, military, and political history
is a series of systematic contempt of faith and equity ;
or Bavaria, whose unparalleled turpitude obliged me
to fight at Leipsic for preserva.ion, and not for
conquest ; of Switzerland, who, far a paltry
sold the tranquillity of her citizens, Hie safety
of her country, and the sanctity of her neu-
trality ; of Engisoil, whose sophisms have an.
nihilated public law, and whose policy since the
lira of Pitt had unblushingly sishotituted pr wer
for principle, and expedient for jesrice !—not the re.
collection of all thew recent pet tidies had prepared
the for those which have now been emulously perpe-
tuated by Sovereigns, who professed that they bore
their arms against France only so long as I was seat-
ed on her throne !—The most lawless barbarians
have never manifested such contempt of solemn en-
gagements. The darkest ages have never presented
such scenes of' treachery and licentious direction of
force in an unresisting country.
" The miserable Kim; who was content to surren-
der France as their pre ! has even his wrongs to
plead ! The mockery of his sway desecrates the ave.
Pity of his right, and he trembles lest the vengeance
of the nation should sweep him arid the despoilers
from the soil before the work of ruin is accom-
plished.
.6 Frenchmen ! you are now told, that not only
my ambition, but your concurrent spirit of conquest,
d-rnands punishment ; even the acquisitions of former
Sovereigns and epochs are now cited as your crimes !
And by whole are these charges advanced? By So-
vereigns whose empires have beets formed by success-
ful P croachments on the independence and exist-
k.•,. of iseiz'sbouring Stoles! Waist was Russia in
the of the la,t centers, ?—llow became
the Elector ..f Bruiel-isleirgh Nines irch of a piwer-
ful kingdoms ? lla- A astria ahsornt.4l no kingdom,
dismetabored no province:, end does she now hold
n.. thinner by the bole tenure of force ? Lnok at
the mip of Europe.—llas France only usurped ?
I).. all oho `4tates recogoked isselependent even by the
Tries. iif Wt,st phali exist ? Look round the globe
—ire the Eiseli•li II rg flyi.ig in every quarter, its
countries where re'i4ion, laws, and language are dis-
sonant. II .4 she not subju4ated the greater part of
A ? I she not mill endeaveurisig to force the
ramparts that separate her from China ; and has she
not been waging n second war to recover her influence
on the American Continent ? Our ambition was se-
entity. If I.:•,glaistl had not asp', ed to the do.
minion of three quarters of the glebe, I should have
temporised with the unfriendly Councils of ;
—if Russia had not partitioned Poland, end aimed
at empire in Germany, I never should have pro-
posed to repulse her from the Vistula to the Volga.
Europe has acknowledged the baneful iiilluence of
England's usurpations; the blood that has flowed
for the last twenty-five years has flowed at her pur.
chase; anti Europe n ill Curtner rue the event of a strug-
gle that removes the ascuisrlancy of a civilized people
for the domination of Northern barbarians. You
are ncrused of having preferred war to peace, su
long as war was succes3ol ; and your answers are
those—who first warred against your Revolution ?
who violated the Peace of Amiens, arid violated it
with shameless eliidcits of truth ? who 'ejected sego.
ciations repeatedly offered, or broke them off when
conciliation was practicable? who made the war of
which you are now the victims ? Is it lint a war of
their own decree I regretted your sacrifices,
A was moved to vindicate your indignities, but I adopt-
Ty fl the policy of peace--the will of the nation, and
I respected it as the bond between we and my pee.

Mans

trja:ves4'7"?`6'l‘"Prtvr...4.,_
• . . /
4!".••
°nit
E STATPs
MAN.

11"jr79171.1
• •

pl.. Frenchmen I posterity will judge how far I
em respunaible to my cortotry for the events of our
miNtary,elfurta. They will decide WllOl4 History
•teP-
cords them, *battik could haVe mastered fortune ;
but my.tovelor rritsce, my gratitude for her confi-
' dente, Ind devotion to her welfare, can never be sub•
jert to suspicion. To France I owe my existence,
! and the consciousness el that claim has confirmed the
right of nature. Frenchmen ! I urn still your Ent-
peror ! but I hold the Crown for n%y son and your
tntere•sts. ilia succession can alone ensure the fruits
!of your efforts against a dynasty whose reign is
i identified with your slavery, Foreign force may
support the throne of a Parricide King, but the poser
of 30 millions of Frenchmen is not to be permanently
You have acquired mournful,
_hut useful
experienee. You now are convinced that arms alone
can redeem you from vassalage and ignominy.—
Cherish the brave men who have fought your battles
—they will .be the pillars of your array, and they
will conduct you to victory.
u On the rock where I am doomed to pass my (a-
ttire days, by the disloyal sentence of your enemies,
I shall yet hear the echo of your triumph, and hail
in the loom of its horizon, the flag of your inde-
• pendettre!"

Q... Fraoce
1
, 6 ..,, Lisbon —.. l.
i 1 . .
' HaCand 0
Flanders .•••,,,, . ..
A
1 1
• 0 -4:..Ckniadmusis 1

PRICE uY '4TOVIIII TIM VAT AT cl‘kirCLOCl
Alum low. Am 14i 4t
9 per Cent Rol 501 IM4t Rued. 4 p
per (rat (I..iss 60e 61 Ilatebecpse 4 41 4 p
4 per (put 7j 73 thowes ISj U 4 15 .
per Cwt. hair) no 90 CAMP% fur drtec 60

THE STATESMJN.

LONDON:
raiDAt. °crony' 13, 1315.

We have waited with extreme anxiety till a late
lour, in the hope of being able to lay before our
Readers the details of the proceedings of the French
Legislative Bodies en Monday last ; but no French
Mail had arrived at the Pnst-office up to the moment
of our giditg In Press. We are consequently without
the Paris Pipers of Tuesday, which, in the ordinary
course of the communication, we had reason to ex-
pect this morning. Their non.arrival is attributed
to the state of the wind. We shall not fail to com-
municate their contents, as far as our ability will per-
mit, the moment they shall arrive.
The Chambers would lore no time in taking the
important subjects of the King's speech into consi-
deration, and expressing their sentiments thereon in
an Address to the throne. The Chambers had 0-
ready proceeded to the regulation of nominating five
candidates for the office of President, out of a horn
the King was to select one. M. LatNE, it was he-
lieved, would occupy that office. The Convention ait h
" the Powers who still occupy the French terri-
tory," was expected to undergo some severe can-
vassing. It is denounced in the most forcible lan-
guage in every political circle in France ; and the
Ministers who refused to sign it, are applauded to
the skies. It is reported that active measures are
taking with as much privacy as possible, to ',resent
the fortresses which the Allies have not obtained,
from falliog into their hands. A great portion of the
French military are repairing to the North, and
Paris is said to be still teeming with plots and conspi-
racies, and the matesials of insurrection and war.
The King of Peus-tA is said to he still in great
alarm. The Prussian cannon still menace the palace
of Louts, and the Chambers in which his Parliament
hold their sittings. The Representatives of the
French nation must be loyal indeed, if they long put
up with this state of things.

The Frankfort Papers say that Louts has left the.
decision in regard to the Treaty wholly to the
Chambers, and that the late Ministers would ratify
nothing but the demand for pecuniary contributions
in payment of the expences of the war, on the ground
that the foreign Powers had declared that they made
war upon NAPOLEON only, and not upon France.—
On this it is said, the Allies give in an energetic
note, say i•►g they had declared war against NAPOLEON
and his adherents, and therefore all those who had
done homage to NAPOLEON at the Champ de Alai,
were considered by the Allies as enemies; they there.
fore declared war against France on the instant, un-
less the conditions proposed were signed. This we
do not believe, but it has not altogether the appear..
ante of being a false statement. Are these conditions
acceded to ? AVe are told they are. By w ho►n ?
Not by the Representatives of the French nation—
that nation has, with one voice, devoted them to exe-
cration.

\Ve give in another page an interesting and well-
written document, said to be an address by Ns-
POLEOX to the French nation, and now in ciicula-
lion in France. We cannot vouch for its authen-
ticity, but a little acquaintance with modern history
would enable any one to vouch for the many weighty
truths which it contains.

A Dutch Mail arrived this forenoon, which, among
other articles, has brirught us a copy of the- Duke of
Weturactotes letilit to Lord 65vi.tnErost, ea-
planatory of his Grace's conduct in regard to the
Dutch paintings. It.wiii be oltservell from this do-
cument that there was no treaty to warrant this
stretch of military interference, arid that it was pure-
ly to gratify the King of the NETHER'. ANDS, who,
one would think, had many reasons to rest satisfied
without tasking our power to this extent, that the
British hero ventured on this unpopular proceeding.
His Grace labours hard to show that his conduct in
this respect was no breech of the Military Convention
by whirls the Allies entered Paris, and which sipu-
fated that public and private property should be re-
spected. After seeing this important stipulation ad-
mitted, we need no politician to tell us the connec-
tion between the Museum awl the Convention. We
are sorry to see so much pains necessary to preserve
unsullied a reputation which is so much connected
with the glory and honour of our country.
The Sovereigns themselves, it seems, refused to in-
terfere in this matter— they left it to their Generals"
to resolve the knotty point, and to preach moral
lessons about pictures and statues and national ar-
rogance to the French nation, by sword or pen as
they chose. Again we say we wish that this war
about pictures and statues, in which we have no in-
'ere', had not occurred. But Ibis comes of our
having to act for other nations, a.td our ambition to
have the chief command on the Continent.
Bausszt.s, Ocr. 7.—ln the 16th Military Division,
is which Lille is situated, Gen. Bourmont, who com-
mends in this division, has found himself under the
necessity of adopting very strict measures against a
number of disbanded officers who are in the depart-
.nents of the North and Pas de Calais. In an Order
of Rae Day the said General has commanded that all
,sficers who shall be found in these departments, and
are not natives of them, shall immediately be sent
out of them, with the threat of. amt. punishment.
Ifettess from Lille say, they still expect foreign troops
there. Trade and manufactures are in the most de-
'plorable state in that part of France.
They write from Luxemburgh that the Russian
troops in the neighbourhood of Metz, Verdun, Tool,
Pont-a- Mou sson, and Nancy, hare received orders to
halt for the present. The same accounts say, that
the prosecution of the attack upon Thionville is de-
ferred. It was hoped that a Prussian garrison would
occupy the phice.
Rorrsaoast, OCT. letter from Paris, of
the 30th of September, informs u', that all the vo-
lunteer cavalry, which has heels stationed for some
weeks its the neighbourhood of Park has received
orders to march beck to the Netherlands. On the
lst of October, the companies belonging to Am-
sterdam and Rotterdam are to bre4k up, and on the
3d, those of the Hague, Utrecht, Arstheim, and the
others ; all taking the route by Peroone, Moos, &c.
DUKE or VIEI.I.IN6TON'S LETTER.

RorrEmnAm, OCT. IO.—A great many remarks
haring been made nt Paris upon the occasion of the
removal of the paintings from the Aluseum, the
Duke of Wellinglon wrote the following letter to
Lord Ce'llereogh, by the communication of which, as
containing a genuine account of the transaction, we
shall doubtless give pleasure to our readers.

rari- Frpt. 23, 1815.
46 My LOPD,—A great deal has airly been said
here concerning the measures which l have been
obligati is adopt in order to obtain for the King of the
Settlerlands his paintin4 and other things out of the
tveum, and as those reports may reach the ears of
the Pr hire Regent, I communicate to you the follow.
jog account of the whole affair for his Royal High-
ness's information.
" A short time after the arrival of the Sovereigns
at Paris, the Minister of the King of the Netherlands
demanders the pictures, &c. belonging to his Sovereign,
as did the Ministers of the other Sovereigns, and as I
was informed could not obtain a satisfactory answer
from the French Government. After several mt.
venations with me upon this subject he sent to your
Lordship an official note, which was laid before the
Ministers of the Allied Powers, assembled at a Con-
ference, upon which the business was several times
taken into consideration, in order to discover a means
of doing justice to the claimants of the objects of art
in the Museum, without hurting the feelings of the
King of France. Mean time the Prussians had ob.
tamed from his Majesty, not only all the pictures
belonging to Prussia Proper, but also those which
belonged to the Prussian territory on the left bank
of the Rhine, and all those that were the properly of
the Allies of his Prussian Majesty : the affair now be-
came urgent, and your Lordship wrote a note of
the * * * • *, jrr which the matter was fully treated.
" The Minister of the King of the Netherlands
having not yet received any satisfactory answer from
the French Government, applied 10 me, as Comman-
der-in-Chief of the Army of the King of the Nether-
lands, and asked, whether I had any objection to
employing his Majesty's troops to obtain possession
' of what was indubitably his Majesty's property ?
I laid this question also before the Ministers of the
Allied Courts; and as no objection was found,
thought it my duty to take the necessary steps to
The private advices from Paris state, that an in- chrain what was his right.
spoke in consequence 0 ith Prinre 'Palle} rand
o
irpnn this subject, commo..irzted to him what had
nod the reasons I had for
surrectiors had broken out at Niort, respecting the !
prohibited passed nt the c..oference,
disbanding of the cavalry, which, by the order of
the' Minister of Police, the Journals were
Itnogtiiie4tpatinhteisigKsi,vgar.(Al'f retghertertleedl h"himia 't'doslahyadthea
froth mentioning: The natural conclosion was, that
tight
tie inserrection eas of en allirming.bstotte. ;
