OF FRANCE;

nearly tomerns onreelees is the
We are satisfied, that, at
ef Francs 7ill very closely
, at every opening and every
after session tells os.that he" continues
the friendly disposition Of
that Ibis a setojeet of satisfee
something new io oar history
argues 1111e01101Na =sifts for
It argues an opinion in the
sewed of wet would be danger
to the whole system. It ar
conviction, that the. Wien is
on anot►er war without
general internal Gnomish's.
trim way of promediag. The
conviction of truth' se fearful as
ought they keep it to them-
been the disappointment of
ChnreA (which is, in fact, one
t the wisp of France were
least, for a century or two;
fienebons would pot an end to the
am' who confidently expected,
between them and the people of France
the geverment powerless sad the people

amiable asticipations have, bete
The Beneeows have struggled,
t tbittgs back, towards the old
.. of allege. as possible. Bet, they de not
tweed to say 'stmt. The florae of Lords de
net, resist _ They do net pre Me Mem-
ierifitinthe other ihiese. The peep& put then there ;
aid, 'Mauls the *hankies be net quite free and fair.
aid tlamegit the suffrage be with too liaised ; still
the elections are not a mere Mess; a mere insult to
elbe,pseple; a mere mockery of dims. Some nes. at
soy me, are sent Into the Hoses by the hearty good
ofebee of the palate-spirited part of the people ; sad.
ape moo of this description are sofficlent topreveet
epeatteue pleader of the people ; because these men
nest be heard; and the press has the liberty to eir-
rslaw their speeches. In short, the House is sot a
vile heed. peeked by the Alisteeracy, sad, left band ss
well as right husk built( use memo iateren in
pessieg laws to pillage the people. •. . . •
• lines those violent. igitetions, 414 ye so* in
the French Hama! Commons. aid which oar hired
press call indeetwone sad reprieves as ledicatittes of
apprwideg vetreletioa. The fact is, the lleolters
ars le tree.; they are net @mooed to each other le
Mow oily; the Meister has we beety•pot wherewith
to osersrt the wasps low &ewes. It is set an U.
suably of bowlers, pat into their seats by a bead seff
wrangling Wiw°archs, who are divided Into two pe*,
ties, and whollght for the pleader committed on Ho
people; bat who have no grotted for quarrel na any
ether seers, sod who all smite like brothers, whet the
people era se be pioneered or scourged.

The .4 ietoerasy now *listing in Frain Las .is it
frothing of the hateful character of the thing. It is
a parcel of men with titles; bat that is all. They
Lett not the revenues of a Church to divide amongst
their relations sod depeadents. They do not, by one
mesas and anther. pick up a good fourth part of the
fruit of the labeler of the people. They have houses
in the cosatry, an some of them hits of parks; bat,
they do sot hold whole districu in slavery. They
Dare, of course, some felleence in their several neigh-
bourhoods; but, they have not corrupt things called
corporations at their nod ; they are not the owners of
P.orar and boroughs, which they traffic in as in stalls
at a fair. If they behave well they are respected : bat,
if ill, Be man is afraid to speak freely his opinion of
thew. No was is afraid to e their conduct;
meth lose is soy ■an afraid of being hunted from
the lam of the earth if he speak truth of a villaia in
Ibis state of life.
Before the F►eseA revolestion. that e►eat which bas
produced so much good to that fins Pessary, the No-
Vain and the Church swallowed op almost the whole,
•f the estates. That event divided the iced hit() coup
paratively small parcels. It took tie estate of *nee(
the sables, or churches, and divided it into, perhaps,
a hundred parts; se that, instead of a big, insolent
Seigneur, or Bishop. with a hundred farms, it placed
a hundred Inn with a farm eseh as his property.—
The eonseq of this has bees, int greater pro-
duce from the soil ; second, an end to the old pauperism
and beggary; third, a vast lacrosse is the comfort
and happiness of the misidle class of people ; and,
!earth, as end to the eereility, hypocrisy, and eriag-
and femishieg, inseparable from a different state
of things.

Bat,- of all the changes that have taken place, the
thugs taut advantageous to formerly enslaved
}taut, is the cheap with regard to the Church.
In Fraace there are me tithes. The Revolution swept
them away by the very firat swing of its tail. There
are priest* to be sire; but, they are paid by small sti
rid., aid thee, principally from voluntary cont. Rte.
Hons. A French Bishop does not get above 5011/. to
knot a year ; not so much as many a clerk in some
taxing offices! The French Clergy have no tithes ;
hare no power to hector over the farmers; no mesas
of domineering; no means of tormenting, scourging
and ruining and bringing to beggary or suicide those
alone souls they preteau to have seder their care.
'lke French Clergy are appointed, or dwell by those
amongst whom they perform their religion' ditties;
aaaaaaaaaaaa they are not taken for the sake of ileum-
dilieg the families to which they belong. They are
not likely to be the brothers, uncle., sone, nephews, bas-
tub, parasites, pimps, or something even worse, of
those who have the power to force than upon the
parisims. And, u the religion is Mt Catholic, these
priests cannot marry, and, therefore, the parishes are
not carted with any insolence from their wives, while
the nation is not burdened by endless broods of bin m
gentlemen and ladies without money or estates ; and
while no priest can obtain a parish by marrying a cast
elf mistress of any one. The French Priests are a
set of 41046 h men, as, indeed, they ought to be. They
bore nothing to carry theta about bat their legs. Of
course they are no flu-boaters or shooters, or pre-
servers of gilier (or game,) and, are, therefore, little

koowa bat I their cspecity of teachers of religion.
The French Milts cannot be Jugu de Pais; that
is to say, Jastices of the Psade, any more than they
can be play-actors or mountebanks. So that they
really have so tempered power ; and, though they
may have a distant political klfuenel, the French
people would as little expect to see one of them
bustling about and bellying and threatening at an
election as they would expect to see the Virgin Mary
keeplag a brothel
This ehaap In the affairs of the Church is a very
' great blooming to France. The parish priest is there,
sow. a /Weiss( and neighbour; and not e grasping,
grinding, hanglity and lusoleat master, who seems to
think that all Lab, hat his own. is, grass, and who is
sever contested es long as there is any thing that he
can squats@ hem lantkor tree or beast or fish or fowl.
Accordingly agrisalture sew flourishes in France
beyond, far beyond. all former example. The egad
Mr. Jamas. who gave evidence before the Agricul-
tural Committee, last year. whose evidence was quoted
with so much triumph by Lord Livearoot., and who
really seems to have travelled about the Continent for
proofs. that ether nations were as much in distress as
we; the exact Mr. JACOBS says nothing abeut.distreee
in Prance, in revolutionised. • tiiheless, and almost .
hishopieeo Frames; though be says so mecivaboat the
distress in Poised, Prussia, Hanover, and in the
" Orange Bowe gauntries. Oh, no ! There is no
egriewitereti &egress" in Presort though we did
think we had made her miserable for centuries!
The fact is, that the Seipseare and the tithes being
gone, the people enjoy the filth of th-ir otvn labour.
There 'snide dasher of distress from the lowering of
the price of• corn, when rents are so rare and where
there are no tithes. Besides, the taxes are next to
nothing in France. France has no debt worth 'peak.
hag of; and her currency has always been (since the
days of assignats) 'real gold and silver, no but
paper-mosey I no dirty rags, handed from 111101 to mss;
dishonour that eeentry. All is solid. No taws shift-
ing value of money op, and down. The currency..is
always thi same, and men can tell today, what it will
be in tee yore time.
There being scarcely any debt, the revenue,' Melt
as the taxes are, surpasses the eipeaditpre; sot le
same; net in a 'nicknaming and shafting about the
several pelts of It ; bet in reality; so that the go-
verouseet can, and does, prepare fur war slowly and
soberly &ad solidly. The arsenals, fortified teems
and dock-yards never were in so fine a stale in Feasts
as they are now. (treat encouragement has been given
to manufaeteees, which have advanced quite as fast
as they ought to do for the good of the country. The
country is prodigiously increasing in wealth and re-
sources of all sorts, greatly assisted in this respect by
the immense sums, the frail of English labour, car-
ried across the chaste), and spent in France, is con-
sequence of the absence there of that taxation, which
takes a clip off from every shilling here. It is com-
puted, that two millions a year, at least, are carried
from this country to be spent is that. That is to,
say, the whole of the fruit of the laboar of about
70.000 labourers' families, consisting of 350.000 per-
son.. This is the way that one nation Imams strong
and awother feeble; this is the way that eats made°
profits at the expense of another.
No wonder, that we beer of. so complaiata ontbr

part of the lundlordr and the fanners in France. The
Minister in that country does not complain of veer-pro-
deetio t, nor do we bear of went of any kind, much
less of stem:Won. If we were to hear of Garb a thing ;
nay, if we were to hear of one single parish tomplain-
ing of dear bread, should we not be told to take warn-
i»g, for that this arose out of the revolution f What,
then, should we be told, if, is the French Hoese of
Commons, it were declared, that whole parishes had re-
ceived the extreme unction on account of want of food ?
We should certainly be told, that this was a relic of
the Revolution

The happy state of things in France, and partial-
cularly the great prosperity and ease of the farming
sad labouring cl ., sable the government, as was
observed before, to wake gradual preparations for war;
and, the treaty of commerce lately formed with dime•
ries shows that that object Is never lest sight of. We
believe, that there is a secret article relating to the
right of search. We bath been told so : we deem oar,
authority good : and we believe the fact. We desire
our readers to bear this in wind. Th. treaty of Com-
merce is, however, a pretty close thing of itself. It
amounts to something little short of a maritiase alli-
ance offensive and defensive, let our pretty gentleasa
think of it what they way. 'they, we dare say, Fret.
ty gentlemen, can see nothing at all in it worth their no-
tice. The nation (or we are mach deceived)
will find it worth its notice, in a very short time.
France has a Censorship as to the press; hut, this
is of a limited nature ; and, we have no scruple to say,
that as towards the people in general, the press is more
/see, or, which is the proper definition, more tree,
there, than it is here. There the difference is direct
and open: here it is indirect and secret. There the
press is, in certain eases, compelled to hold Its
tongue: here, it may lie as much as it pleases is fa-
vour of the great and against the little, and must net
speak truth with impunity, if it meddle with wealth
or power. The French is, unquestionably, the ho-
nester press of the two ; and we believe it to be im-
possible to silence it to the extent that oars has bees
silenced in the case of the Bishap and the Soldier.
The Royal people of France, though too full, per-
haps, of the stupid old notions about blood and the
like, are, at any rate, of good moral character, and
are not expensive; while, as to sinecures and pensions.
there are, except merely to old soldiers, hardly any of
the latter, and no such s thing koowu as a sinecure!
It is a fact extremely vinous, that oar dead
charge," as the Ministers call it; that is to 19, the
pensions and allowances for services in the last war,
amount annually too nearly as much as is required to
support the whole of the present French army of two
hundred thousand ;nen! This, together with the six
hundred minims, of debt which the war Costs, really
seems to have aoswered no other purposes than those
of making France happy in peace, and more formid.
able than ever in war; and, finally to sink England
beneath her great and traditionary rival.
France lost no character with the battle of Water-
loo. It was then a divided 'whoa. It was notoriess
to all the world that bribes flew till they dimmed the
air. The whole Continent ; every bayonet in it, was,
by our money, brought to bear against her. It was
not nation against nation; but all but one against that

STATE OF
That which moot *early
thin( Ent to Its looked la.
„distant der, tho mese g
enters It The Kiss, a
doe of seuioo after aossioe
use merits sossrantos of
o foreign pavers", sad tba
Ms with him. This is et
of King's speeches. It at
sat preservation of peace.
Kigali, that she my eel
on a their phew, if sot i
gem their thorough con
vitally outdo to enter
Minis/at dearer of a go
Tot, this is mot a very to
vam etrong fink coiule
Mesa, tilit We moistly a
onion. SA Weed. 11.8 i
the driotoroty end Char
Way), who Aught that
dipped for air ; or, at 1
elm hoped, that the Bowel
mu mud of fteodoss ; as
,hat thejtigiott Wenn th
vivid male lb. mamma
• miorallia •
Vase klai sad aoslab
ileappointod. Th
struggle, to get titrdo
oldblogs, as far as
wail to mop peat mites
mtpesoese mach poorer.
ieri,Ptistde ale, Nine.
