SWISS CANTONS.

• A
&goon boa hem, made to Parliament of all 1
rioters sent from the Swi7kantono to the Court of
Cheat Britain, from 179 1822, specifying their
Names, and the Dip;omatic Rank whiclv they Ily
held. The particalgs of this Return are as follow:
1814. M. C. F. di Frradeoreich, Envoy Cm. from
th• Republic of Berne.
1814 M. A. E. de Haller, Counr. of Leg. att. to
Mr. Freudeareich.
1815. M. A. E. de Haller, Envoy from the Repob•
lit. of Zariels sod Berne.

A Retard bas also been made to Par Gamest of all
Ministers seat from Great Britain to the Swiss Can-
tos*, from 1790 to 1822 inclusive (excepting these
seat oo Special Missions) specifying their respective
names and periods of appointment, the duration of
their actual respective residence, their diplomatic
rank, the ationset of their salaries, together with the
names and salaries of the individuals attached to the
several missions. The particulars of this return are
as follow:
Lewis Bram Esq. Charge d'Affaires, from July
1783, to his decease in 1792. during which he resided
utile years. a ith a salary of 2501. per annum. (a)
Lord Robert Fitzgerald, 51inister Plenipotentiary,
from May 1792 to July 1795, during which he re-
titled 21 years, with a salary of 1;575/. per annum.
William Wickham, Esq. Charge d'Affaires from Oc-
tober 1794, and Minister Plenipotentiary from Jan.
1795 to Jas. 1798, during which he resided 31 years
with a salary, for the first period, of 7301. and fur the
latter, 1,5701.' having James Talbot, as Secretary of
Legation, from Jan. 1797 to April 1799, at 20s. per
day ; and C. W. Flint attached.
James Talbot, Esq Secretary of Legation, from
Jan. 1797 to April 1799, during which be resided
years, with a salary of 3651. per annum.
Stratford Canning, Esq., En►ey Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary, from April 1814 to June
1820, during wkich he resided 4i years, with a sala-
ry to July tBl5, of 4,2501.; to July 1816, of 4,3001.;
and to June 1820, of 3,9001.; having limy Unwin
Addington, as Secretary of Legation, to July 1.815,
at 568/. ; to July 1816, at 6001.; and to Oet. 1818,
at 500/. per annum ; and (LC. Antrobus Hammond
attached.

Edward Cromwell Disbrowe,Esq. Secretary of Lega-
tion and Charge d'Affaires, from Jowl 1820, M 12th
of March. 1822, during which he resided 1 year and
$ months. with a salary of 1,5951. per annum,
H. W. Williams Wyan, Esq., Envoy Eztraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary, from February, 1102,
duri op which he resided from the 12th of Marsh, with
a salary of 3.900/.0. having Edward Cromwell Dis-
brow., as Secretary of Legation at SOUL per annum;
and Mr. Kenyon attached.

• Stated in the ()rant not to Warta! to bolt the iihT
pay to periontin Mr. Braun's situation, bet that he hit
declared himself fully satisfied with it.
The outfit is stated to be 1,5001. in the Civil Ust
(third class) Accouuts •, Account iv. p. 18. An.l a Si.cretary of Legation with a salary of 5001. is also men-
tioned in those Accounts. There is likewise io t
same Amounts (p. 7.) a charge of est for " eat
nary and incidental expenses."- According. jo 611
Li%t (third class) Pension Account, the on. W,
LAM has annually received a pension of 1,2001. since
118I5.—Rovron's note. •
. • NINES IN S'IWPFUIIDSHIRII.

TO THE ZDITOR or TOR MORNING CRIONICLI.
SIN-.-1 observed in per paper • few days since.
some resolutions of the Masters of the Coal and Iron-
stone-Mitres in Staffordshire, relative to the dispute
that *QM exists between them and their men respect-
iag wages, and from those resolutioss it certainly ap-
peared to me that the circumstances of the lintel con-
si;leied..*the offer of the Mesten was liberal. and the
men had no judt cause of complaint.
As the subject was•trted to last night by Mr.
Peel, in the House of (*Wont, who corroborated the
statement of the Masters before 'Boded to, I will re-
trest you to insert the following Addresa, that is print-
ed and circulated by the men for their justification.—
This Adtfress was given in. by a friend, who was
travelling in that district a few days since. Seeing
a body of men assembled together, he joined them to
learn their complaints, when this Address was placed
iu his hands by one of the men to explain their griev-
ance. He says they appeared peaceable and quiet, bet
its the deepest state of distress and wretchedness.
1 will only observe, that the drink which they call
luer.• they give the men, is so bad that the men will
throw it down the channels in the mines, and request
the tame quantity of spring water; and as it regards
foil, whiels has been asserted the men receive gra-
tuitously, it does not apply to the Miners in the Iron
into.
May Id, 1821 T. F.
AN I:UMBLS ADDRe.S PROM TOR COAL AND IRONSTONE
MINERS OP RILIITON, AND THE-RILIGIIDOURLIOOD.
" To the worths, and honourable Magistrates that at-
tended at a Meeting of the Coal and Iron Masters, at
the King's Arms inn. Bilston, Aril 23, 1822.
It appears. according to the.publications that an
in circulation, that your Meeting was respectably at-
tended by a part of the Coal and Iron Masters, who
lirve declared that the men ere rewiring from Two
Sl.illiags and Sixpence to Three Shillings per day,
with the advantage of three pints of pit drink. But
instead of three pints, a many of us receive but one
pint, and that worth no more than One huff-penny.
And allowing we have Two Shillings anti Sixpence
per day in the Ironstone Mines, as has been suggest.
ed, anti there should be Five Days per Week done
(but on an average there is not above Four Days per
Week) which will amount to Ten Shillings; and out
of that, suppose we deduct One Shilling to buy Coal,
and Three pence schieh the Masters stop for Clitio.
that will bring it to Eight Shillings and Nine-pence:
then in most places we are obliged to pay One Shil-
ling fur Ale when we receive it. Then in the next
place there is about Tiro Shillings and ThreeTeneefor
IZeut, which will bring it to Six Shillings, the nett
money for a family to subsist on.

" Now, Sirs, we humbly wish that you would in-
vestigate these things minutely; considering the sump
dangers we arc exposed to, the hardness of our la-
bour, and the small own that we receive for it, you
;oust be led to think that we must be almost in a state
tistarrottius! ! So we hope you will reflect for a
moment, and not draw too hasty conclusions by bear-
leg the reports of masters, who are almost alwayr

sitting too much for self, sad not listening to
of lbw poor aid needy. Bet we balie►s you
informed wrong by these fientlemen, if we may ►
call them ; who would seed us to the grave willow
any feeliag for our case. Bat considering that we
are, or shouli be in a free nation, and not born to be
slaves ; we take the liberty of addressiog you in this
plaia sod simple as hoping you. will interpose
for we according to your wisdom ; and we pray that
God may direct yew ; so that there may be a speedy
tranquiility between masters and servants; that mas-
ters might not make their sensate like the Egyptians
of old, to
pay that regard that is due to masters. nut es a alive
but at a aervaat.—Sigoed on behalf of ourselves and
brethren,
" K. HARTSHORN*. S. LISTRR,
W. H•RTAIIOILIVB, W. Jonas,
J. LOMAS. G. CARTWRIGHT."
S. Bacous."

A 7i
II Wor Co. Coss 71/41
tse per eat.
4 per Conn. 94',1
lb per Cts. Nary Mil i
$ per Cent.
liregAnn3l l9ll
lop. 11 pr t 1
Irish 5 ear Cent

Month Soo Stock 9099
South Soo Old Aan .
Ei
MON 11d
•8111 'is 2s.dis. os. pot.
. S
---111101. a. ls. di* Ism.
' -Sun.. Is. /h. pm.
Con. for Aset
1 Lott. Tickets 191. 19s.

LONDON•
WILDNEIDAT ILVINIMG, MAT 15, 1822.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLUCA.
Within this WI hoer, some large purchases hoer
been made, by an eminent Broker, owing, it is pro-
bable, to the report that the Bank will be the con-
tractors for the Pension Loan, this day, as it is sup.
posed the South Sea Company cannot raise the sow re-
qsired. The monied men, (pi 'Change, are anxiously
waiting the return of the partin who are gone np to
bid; fur, shoold the Bank be the contractor., no doubt
the Funds will experience a rise. It is understood,
that if the Bank do not contract, they will lend Go-
vernment the sum required, for a year. Consols are,
at present, 781 for the Account.—SoutbSea Stock 19i.
FORMS FUNDS.

This being settling day in the Spanish Bonds, most
of the speculators in that Stock are busy settling their
accounts, consequently there Is not a great deal doing
in the market. Letters front Nice, of the Sub inst.,
state, they do not believe that a war will take place
between the Russians and Turks, consequently they
have oonstennaaded the orders for Salt Petro.

Spanish, Old, ....... ero
New
Prussian S6
Danish SS
Neepotiten
Old Columbian,
New ditto

HALF PAST TWELVE O'CLOCK.
The Market looks well, and a good deal of bodies"
is transacting. Consols are 781 to ;-
STATESMAN (WICK, TWO O'CLOCK.
PENSION WAN. -
We are this moment informed that the Meeting at
the Treasury bas taken place, and that the Sends Sea
Company bare declined bidding for the Loan. We
also understand that no other party whatever bas
offered to bid.

PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT.
Is the Loans nothing at all interesting ; and we
May here observe, that we have no recollection of any
Session of Partialness during which there was so little
of discussion in this tsetse. The reasons are obvious
elpegb ; bat as wen to leave them un-
stated.
In the Comatose wen Mr. litstsmte's motion for
leave to !sting in a Bill to amend the laws relating• to
the Licensing of Prblie Houses. and Mr. Huma's mo-
tion relative to the lonian Isles. The precise objects of
the Bill we do sot yet kaow; but, that it content.
plates an alteration is quite enough for us ; seeing
that we are convinced, that there can, as to this af-
fair, be no change for the worse. We think, that one
clear benefit would be, to prevent Parsons from 'med-
dling with the matter, in any way whatever. Their
interference leads to endless feuds in country parishes ;1
and, we will venture to say, has done greater injury
to the Church than all the ravings of all the metho-
dist parsons. Why should the clergy dabble in such
matters? And is it possible that such dabbling should
not tend to sink their calling in the eyes of the

people ?
Mr. Huma's motion was:—" That as humble Ad-
" dress be p ed to his Majesty, that be would Ise
" graciously pleased to direst an Inquiry into the state
" of the Government of the lonian Islands ; the causes
" of the general disaffection. and of the numerous ar-
" rests and banishments which have takes place these;
" and for what reason the inhabitants were disarmed,
" and martial law proclaimed." The motion was
lost, there being 67 for it, and 152 against it. The
facts alledged by Mr. Huns are horrible; but, by the
time Al Mr. %rumor had closed his speech, there
were eo many doubts raised, that the bearers must
have become bewildered. The truth is, that if the
Parliament resolve to keep possession of the territories
in question, it must also resolve to support the system
there pursued. It is like the question of the Slave
Trade, which is, in fact, not a question of slavery, or
no slarerp; but a question of sada...cob:ties, or no
sugor.coloxies. The lnnisn Isles serve as the means
of giving part of the taxes away in places awl allow-
ances. The Parliament knows this very well: no-
body better. And, it has the power to cut oir this
mode of applying part of the rests and of the fruit of
labour, when it chooses. As a large part of the charge
is now falling upon rents, we cannot say, that (the
Parliament being unreformed) we have any very great
objections to the charge.—But, besides these consider-
ations, mach attention cannot be expected to matters
of this sort. while we are agitated, as we are,
at home. The fire being in our own house, we
have no time to think much about that which is
consuming oar neighbours. It is such propositions as
thews of Mr. IVrvita. and Mr. WESTIERN that awaken
attention and put the feelings into a stir. " Hest Own
" a drug Doctor, to scare thtse fenditolders heeee"?
say the landlords* to Mr. Hoses, es Macbeth said to
his professional countrymaa about the English army.
" !last thou a drug to get us nuts.' Thy physic to

; we'll nose of it." And, it an'oe-
that Mr. is, with Mr. It,.
CaliDO, for " national faith", and, of course, ags.ust
rents. The lassilords mire much le.s about all ti.e
people in the lonia. Islands than they do about on..
The ielti on at-Norwich, vehicle
took such a large part of the tit bra away to enable the
farmer to pay rent, was of more consequence is their
eyes the. the fate of all the colonies lo the world.
The sight before last, Mr. Peet. made a monk, us
the authority of Mr. LITTLETON, respeetieg the
nese and easy circumstances of the "lobotteers" io
Staffordshire. It came out, however, that these "la-
bourers" were misters! In soother part of out pa-
per of today will lee found (taken from the .llordig;
Chroaicle) a statement of these poor, wretched ea.'
tures themselves. We despi.e their mot about pray-
ing to " God to direct" the magistrates, sad all the
other of that sort of atufZaised in their address;
and, if we could forget 9 Nation of their wives
gni children we should say. that, as a pusishlauel.,.
M. east, they merit the treatmeet they eomplais
Bat. was not Mr. Pscc deceived ? Did he not pro-
dice very bad evidesee of the good !rests of his Gin
The account (also in another part of oar paps:) eels.
tire to the iron-work labourers in MulaniattfAshire pre-
sents no proof of that "prosperity of maasfactares",,
about which so much has been said. Sir lour itN-
CLAIR says the manufacturers are in a state ri dselise
and ride in SeotMsd. And is ft pr ape ity at
Manchester? The Cavalry (kedgeree of the 15th of
August, know better. But, at any rate, the labourers

posis

in England, generally speaking, are better off t►an
they were some years ago. and particularly the la.
boaters in agriculture. There is getting to be less
d;9ereuee between farmer and labourer than there
was ; and God forbid that we should again see a sys-
tem of paper-money, that weald again clone the 'ahoy-
er's mont► against meat. Mr. WitTISIVell proposition
would...if adopted, prosier* 'Mastics sad ernelty WAL-
out a parallel. It would cause the robbery of sir.
rants, the robbery sad ruin of tradesmen, and espe-
cially the most daring robbery of all those who ►ave
been inveigled to pot tbeir money in &visage flasks. A
A robbery of all who bare obtained annuities sista
1814. In short, a mease►, of such glaring iniquity
was before thought of; and, we are very sure,
that, when Mr. WLSTIIIN shall see the conseqoeocet,
to which it most inevitably Ind, he will start back
from it with alright. We agree with Lord Lass•
nowxs, that no such thing ought to be done, as boa;
as there exists • "possibility" of the nation's meet-
ing its " most solemn engagements." Aod, that pos-
sibility sever can cease to exist with only the present
taxes; for, though it is, doubtless, desirable, if it coo,
he dose without iniary to the ether classes, that seat
and tithe *head be yielded. yet. there is no mu that
will pretend, that these are absolutely oteteuteryto the
existence of a n mina; much less will say man pretend,
that they ought not to cease, rather than that all the
classes except landlords and parsons should be totally
destroyed. We are aware, we will concede to Mr.
WISTRRN, that the real and tithe must be taken away,
unless Pat" Bill be repealed, or the interest of the
'Debt reduced ; but, it is possible to pay to the full, is
taking these away; and we agree with Lord Lair-
Dowse, that nothing but real "impossibility" to
pay ought to prevent the payment. Were
there a reform of the Parliament indeed the case
would be different; for then, es ery man in
the community would have an opportunity of giving
his assent to any arrangement that insight be pier
posed; and, it is most likely, that mutual sacrifices
would produce aa amicable and just eettlemeat of
things. lint, as such reform appears not to be thought
of by the landlord', we are for the law taking its
coars►, and for holding the landlords to their bowl.
Mr. WISTILAN did not, when at the Essex Meeting,
appear to understand our mewling. ; be will, perhaps,
understand us better now. We have always held the
same language upon the subject : reform sad rani
tion ; no reform no reduction. And, in no case %slat-
ever a repeal of Pest.'s Bill ; became that would be
not only robbery; but robbery with the basest hypo-
• and of the classes least able to bear loss.

Paris papers to the 13th inst. represent the Electiees
for the Departments to be proceeding rapidly, and as
far as the returns have been completed, it is evident
that if the Liberals bare not gained, at least they
hare out lust ground. There was on the 10th agent
" Diplomatic Reunion" at the house of onr Ata'ras'a•
dor, where, it is said, the Ministers of many foreign
powers attended. The ihket of this meeting is sot
explained, but from the manner in which the article
is worded, it would appear that political business and
not pleasure was the cause of its taking place. Ac'
counts from Vienna and even Constantinople, are J-
indecisive as ever. Both the Turks and the Uteri.,
continue to claim the victory in the late naval r..-
gagement, but frJm the retreat, or rather flight
the former, no doubt can be entertained of the advan-
tage having ►emaioed with the latter. 'Die hoist;
are again about to try their streog•is in an expedition•
Vu the sth of Apiil the Captain pasha Bailed with a
fleet, consisting of three ships of $ll ynns, three of 74.
three frigates, several timelier vessels ^f war, and too
transports, with 11,700 trope on hoard. lateMeer!.
from Idessolungi slates that Prince Deme, ries Tpi,;.
lanti and General Niceta', olio command :he troop'
sent from the Morea to invade Macedonia, h.: I erected
a junction with the brave and enterprising t►trerus•
French Funds, Stir 15r.— -11 nk ti 10, 157.21 .' 0.

. . .
. • .. ,
.i
FIE STATESMAN.
:
• . .
. --•1_1t4.:
o thane*, 1 PRICE OF groats, AT ONE O'CLOCK. THIS DAY. the dogs, then ;
bevelled* Rant Stook 239j 9i India Stock. . ... . ..... .....• ?newly happens.
we way so !Pr Cl4.lt:l__ 714.7,i11"°"*" "IS' 604* ". cAuno. for . sad/
..___, - ... ._ __ __

tar ile of Philadelpbia Papers ha 'bees re-
, owning, so the Ilth of April, from width
t the following t—
weassnalore env, aratt. S.
sate mijoarsed, or rather. wore smoked alt
hoar to-day, is eonsmisesee of a strong
id Mat obstructed the draught of tht shim•
tiled Ms Clasher with smoke and ashes.
r the Nation should be in a seoldisg hummer,
ksow that millions bays bees spent os a
like, which does sot eves afford the common
from smoke that we enjoy is cur private

lOU Tat INTILLtOVICILI. •►RIL 6.
'doe is stated to ►are Imes roomiest, of the
teat of the Mexican Provisee of Guatemala
orate Republic. by Ge•aral Victoria, • dis-
-1 rsvolalilWl leader of New Spain.

we Cropper, Packs*. Daft And, from New
Averpool, which sailed on the 17th ult. passed
od of Biusalo, yesterday. Mr. D►llas, a pas-
ded, and through this gostionaa we hays re.
en front Waalsingtoa to the 14th, from New
16th la Colossi Barclay, and Mr. Chapman,
Commissioners for settling t►e boundaries
treaty of Oheat, are so loosed. It is stated is
'tea Washington that there is an unpleasant
footway' the President aed Seance.—(Cork

bt o'clock, wean.

TozspAy,

of a rivals letter, received this opening :
sli R•y Sta■ Packet has jut arrived, with
'gm sad luggage, beloogiag to their Stress
is the Prises aad Prioress of Denmark,
Ord the Savarsigs Yacht. mad within a short
(this harbour. Os their arrival, a salmis of
ill be Arad from the Heights and Custom
t►e same doe. A guard of hooour, from
offs, seder the comosaisd of Sir Charles
is atieselasee. The greatest enthusiasm
he while tows, sod the Pier is crowded with


ay Mr. Marebesi arrived is Dowsing-street,
itches from his Majesty's Lord High Com-
et the lonian islands.
versos. aid Deputy-Governor of the Bank of
bad another interview yesterday with the
iterpool, and the Chancellor of the Bache-
Isition, anaerously and respectably signed,
nisy presented to the Lord Mayor, request-
ordship to call a Cosy of Common Conseil
Armee of eoesiderieg the propriety of direct-
;bataberlain to sabseribe a sum of money in
*feed Dew raising in the City of London
Vet of the dietressed Irish.—His Lordship
iseleenee appoleted a Court to be holden
7 bait.
I& of Dome lutpertaaee in the Tallow trade,
rry to say, took place is the City yesterday.
es are considered very b ble men, and
tent to be laid before the creditors will, it is
be very satisfactory.
ram math. of /dB horses power each, are
it one of Me Majesty's eastern dock yards,
direction of the Assistant Surveyor of the
be stationed at Plymouth and Portsmouth,
vase of towing vessels out of the harbour
wind may be contrary.
wer, it is understood, bas been returned by
17001 to the note of the Sub-Governor of the
Company. I. which be informs him that
,sitioe had been made to Government for
e annuity contract, and that he would be
receive him on that subject to-morrow (this
ne o'clock, instead of twelve, the hour named
4anquees note, provided subscriptions to the
,f five millions should have been entered.—
int subscribed up to four o'clock yesterday
was only 1,300,0001., including both the
one of looney by the public at large, and of
I money by the Proprietors of South Sea

• ANNVITY CONTRACT.—An Intimation
Ka given at the meeting which was held
easitry Chambers on Friday last, on the
the Pension Loan, that the Earl of Li.
td the Chancellor of the Exchequer would
4 yesterday to receive any bidding' which
offered for the propose.] contract, several
roceetied to the Treasury at the hour sp-
it appeared, hewever, that these persons
cod rather by curiosity than by any desire
bidders, either for the whole or any part of
fur, on inquiry " whether any gentleman
cots of making an offer," they all answered
Kafir,.

mini,' Woollen Factory of Messrs. Brown
of Uffrtlas. Devun,was totally destroyed by
ednesday morning. The toss is estimated at
Lonsitoil pounds; but it is understood the
is insured.

y a private meeting of *boat 40 gentlemen
eat Hodworth's, the Queen's Head Inn, to
consideration the propriety of establishing
t this town, on the principle of the Joint
mpaairs. They separated without coming to
ations.—(Ncreastk Chronicle.)
_

OP TUE BISUOP or NEATIL—The DuNin
announces the death of the Right Hon. and
verend Dr. Thomas Leis O'Beirne, Bishop
His Lordship was originally educated for
tions of a Roman Catholic Priest, but basing
rtird himself to the notice of the late Duke of

, he abjured the Roman Catholic Faith, be-
rotestant Clergyman, and was, in 1799, pro.
the See of Meath, one of the most valuable
din point of income and patronage. The
has now three mitres at his disposal. The
be Saint Patrick's, and:Dr. Bisset (first Chap-
liminess Wellesley). it is said will be presented
0. 'The Hon. and Rev. Gerald Valerian Wel-
rather of the Marquess Wellesley, bag been
OEI as likely to become one of the• new Arch-

• ' • f.s° VIDUIPAIP
Our readers have dl rood Aimee nomsust of the
Asa. who, having observed the sportive hip-dog ca-
ressed by his master, took it We his long-shred bead
to try to imitate the dog. end, accordingly. pat his
fore-logs into his master's lap, uttering a loud ►ray at
the same time; upon which the master. telling him
to keep his place soot►er dine. gave him a snood rod-
Relief. The public, who have read the Dialogs, in
the Polities! Reeder before the last, in a letter ad-
d dto Mr. Wedehoose, will, we are sure, when
they read the following " Dislogoe" in the Wd
Times of this day, lamest that they cannot get at the
insufferably stupid writer with areal corporeal cudgel.
We observed, in our paper of Munday. that serer was
an origins! thought ushered to the world through the
columns of this doll old hack. The braying animal,
thinks it sees clearly, that the intended motion about,
you's: Wywa will be carried. We hope it will; but,
while we have been harping fee years, on the subject
of the mosey gives to this man, *ever did the Cos•
atant Trader say a word about it till now; and, if the
notion be carried, it will be owing, not to any thing
said by this ballockiog newspaper; bet to the repro-
aentations of Lord Msg, whom this newspaper the
other day esdeavoored to hold up to public seem

' The motion respecting the appointment of theSwita
Cantons was, as will be seen in the Parliamentary re-
port, postponed last night. It is conceived that it may
be comprised in Mr. Leonard's motion on the third
class of the Civil List, appointed for to-morrow ; and
if the more general unction fail of success, then will
the Swiss Plenipotentlarysidp be brought forward se-
parately.
We rather regret the delay, though still t►e hopes
of the kingdom, and of all the counties of whieb it is
composed, most. we should trust, rest vow u inn
foundation, when it is understood that the mimes is
now reduced to awere contest between the %wellies
and'the Coon try Gentlemen. Alm I to what Are the
countiy Gentlemen of England reduced, 'hes
.1; lo
doubtful whether they can weigh is scales against toe'
family, and that family fattened out of their estates!
We hear there is a contest between Ministers and these
of id Country Gentlemen, which. for the sake of
rendering the feeli•tgs on both sides intelligible, we
shall reduce Mb) the form of a dialogue:—
I COUNTIIT 6g :V 888 XXX (addressing themselves to
Minister..)—Why the deuce do yen give us each
jobs, which you know we cannot carry through for
you without exposiog ourselves to &Diversel hatred
sad' '?

A contempt.
Mutsazzas.-rif you don't allow us to seed out
yens( Wynn as Envoy to Switzerland, we'll resign.
COUNTRY GIINTLIMIN.—How are we to fats our
constituents, do you think? We can get no tents,
and bow should tte expect our tenants to pay us any,
w►en we have been voting away all their money nod
sui own upon rascally eztravaganciss like this ?
Mintrrans.—if you 11081 well resign.
Coczvav Oezzl.antxx.—Resign? Why did you
take In the Orenvilles at all ? Y 414 knew what they
were before yea had say Zkiag to do with
Choy are the creatures who hare brought you into
this serape.
bitztErans.—Why, yea know very well we bate
the Oatimmuts as bad as you do. But what
could we do without them, after you turned out so
ebstioste and entwined at the end of last Session?
We were obliged to take them as a red for your
becks. A pretty pickle we should have been le, if
WOOSIIOUSI And STUART WOOTLOY bad not voted
for the Salt Tax.
COOXTILTGLICILIMEN.—And prettily pappri ed.too,
poor WODO/105111 got fee his
he went down into Norfolk. Do you think we cas all
submit to be so treated ?
MINISTORS.---If you don't, we'll resign.
CuUNTRY GOATLltAlitte—.Don't you think you could
get the OntaVILLIS to gi►e op a little? Bag of them
to coati—

NINIIITeis.---Beg of them to consider? Ymi know
them as well as we do. Do yon suppose we have
thought of the Swiss Plenipotentiaryship slime their
accession, and that we have thrown it in as a gra.
tufty? No; it was a hard-and-fait bargain.—
F"•""°° inserted the conditions of it in the Wind-
sor paper at the very dine whets the contract took
place.
COUNTRY Ominnan.—Then, by —, It's too
bad; and we won't stand it.
MlNlrreas.--Stand it? How do you think you
can stand a general election ?

COUNTRY ORNTLIIIIsr.—(In great confissinn.)—
nab I Hey! Hob! What do they say? General
Election —WOILTIAT WOD[HOUSE--S•LT STUART
PICLIA GOOCM:—Oeneral election I
One of the Multsrans.--" Now will I come down
like a " divinity, and solve the Gordian knot." (Vide
Lord CASTLIRRAGU'S speeches.) Gentlemen, in a
country like England, of which the-expenditure is
so great that the inhabitants cannot find means to
supply it, what signifies whether the sum which
they cannot pay, may In five thousand pounds more
or less? You say you have no money. Then Mr.
WYNN.e appointment can take none from yon.—
Gentlemen, howe►er novel the proposition may seem
to many of you, I am sure I am saying that in
which I am confirmed by every prinoiple of politi-
cal economy, as laid down by the most able men
who have written on the subject, when I declare
to you my firm persuasion, that they who have
got no money can pay none. This, therefore, is clearly
a matter in which you have no concern ; and if you
cannot give us your vote, cannot you at least
stay away when the question comes to be discussed ?
In this position does the matter rest at present,
with Fustian, plunder, and the thIiNTILLTS 00 one
side I and, on the other, plain sense, integrity, and
the Country Gentlemen. Which will conquer ?
" Nora allows ruir."'

BOXING.—The boxing match for one bnndred guineas
aside,between Cooper, the gypsey, and a Woolwich man,
of the same of Sharpe, was to have taken place yester-
day, at Haddington, near Bromley, Kent, but imagist.-
rial interference prevented it, and after a circuitous route
of about 50 mites, a ring was tome(' at. Wimbledon
Common, and from thence to Putney Heath, where the
light would have taken place, bat Sharpe did sot make
appearance.

• , (11403 i vni /111011/1104 (1110111 CLIO
1, .with no (Witmer regret that we nooses. the
jeatbret Mr. Peter Finnerty. 90 years a Parliamentary
Reiteltbr on this establishment. For some dew his
health bad ben en the decline. hat always solicitous
to preteens Me- duties, it was only within the last
month that the Isisleate of his complaint compelled
Ms to withdrity'llitaself from the more active ditties
of hie !Meadow—We. Finnerty, from the strength of
hie mind and the warmth of hie feelings, has either so
acted or seared in the public events of his country,
that such a man *eight not to be allo red to descend
to his grave as • stammer. Individual. He was the eon
of a tradesman in the town of Looghrea. In the county
of Galway, who, with minder means, had reared and
educated a numerous family. Mr. Finnerty, the eld-
est son, was in early age out upon his fortunes in the
metropolis of Ireland; brought up as a printer. be,
at the awful crisis of 1799, succeeded Mr. Arthur
O'Connor as the printer of the most popular sad ably
conducted paper which ever appeared in that country
—The Press. Such a situation naturally brought
Mr. Finnerty into perilous coataet with the irritated
and coercive Goverment of that day. It was so or-
dinary predicament is which so young a man, being
then scarcely of age. was placed. Under the process
of the laws as then administered in Ireland. he was vi-
sited with all dm penalties of a vindictive prosecution ;
and the property of the establishment was ultimately
demolished by military force.—On Ms trial he had the
honour of being defended by Mr. Caren, an advocate
whose powers rose with no demands of his country
for their exertion, and who seemed to have been des-
tined to the great but dangerous distinction of dis-
playing talents in the defence of virtue, commensurate
to the wrongs which had called them forth.- In that
Court he charged the 0 went of that day with a
vindictive warfare against the only printer who dared
to whisper the liberties of Ireland. Mr. Finnerty was
sentenced to a punishment mere ignominious to the
law than to the criminal, but had the honour of being
attended by Lord Edward Fitzgerald. and many other
public characters. The sentence was executed also
under the bayonets of a large military force, buts:mold
not repress that bent of popular sympathy which ta-
i tended the first address that he ever made to his suf-
fering onetrymeo. lie passed those dreadful years
of 9d and 99 in the prison of Newgate, Dublin,
where too frequently the guest of the breakfast-table,
as he himself has often described, was hurried forth
to sadden execution. Such was the persecution with
which he had to contend, is consequence of the subver-
sion of his establishment, that he remained for months
unemployed before be mild obtain a passport for Eng-
land! Arrived in London,beentered into an engagement
on the Press, and commenced Parliamentary Reporter.
The faithful and able manner in which he discharged
the important duties of such a trust, is well known to
all-who have had any connection with the press of the
metropolis. Having professionally attended the Court
Martial which was held at Portsmouth, be became ac-
quainted with Sir Home Popham, ao intimacy stom•
manned which Unlimited oily by his death. When
tielclteres such piece, Me. Pin-
ner'', at the request of Sir Home, sailed with Captain
Bartholomew from Woolwich, for the avowed pur-
pose of writing the history of that expedition. An
order bad, ho% , been circulated through the
squadron in the Downs, to send Mr. Finnerty on shore.
if found on board the fleet. This order was ineffec-
tual, as Mr. F., unaware Of its existence. had arrived
at Walcberen, and en being made aequalated with it
immediately waited open the naval Commander-in-
Chief. He was received with the greatest kindness,
and after a delay atoms weeks returned to England
in a frigate. Under the irritation of feelings na-
turally excited by such a strange exercise of autho-
rity, he addressed, through this paper, a letter to a
Noble Member of the Administration, who held a
conspicuous place in the recent and melancholy his-
tory of Ireland. reflecting upon his conduct and cha-
racter. That Noble person immediately commenced a
prosecution against the publisher of this journal ; Mr.
Fianerty, who bad been repeatedly warned by the late
Mr. Perry as to the consequences which would result
from the publication of the letter, with the frank
and decision of cliiracter which belonged to him, im-
mediately requested that the manuscript should be
given up, that the prosecution might affect only the
the real author. He allowed judgment to go by
default; but, en being brought up for judgment,
be defended the libel on the ground of the proven-
dons which lie had received, as well as the truth
of his allegation. which he n as then prepared with
affilavits to sustain. lie was sentenced to a long
term of imprisonment that was so rigorously carried
into effect, that his constitution received a shock
from which it never recovered. While is prison, by
an appeal to Parliament, he produced an Inquiry, the
result of which not only led to >i mitigation of his own
sufferings, but to the general atneliorati m of the pri-
son discipline. Oa his liberation, be resumed his du-
ties pith this Paper. His mir.d, naturally strong and
original. was invigorated by an experience of the
world that enabled him, with no common acuteness,
to perceive both the substance and the form of truth,
and detect the sophistries of the most specious imposi-
tion. He had a natural eloquence of a vivid and mas-
culine character, and his colloquial powers were pecu-
liar and fascinating. But his leading characteristic
was as instinctive hatred of oppression, whatever shape
it assumed, or by whatever influence it was attempted
to be enforced. We will Willie° one instance. In
the recent Sta:e Trials, Mr. Finnerty was the indivi-
dual who first discovered that the infamous Thomas
Reynolds, personally unknown to his brother Jurors,
was actually a member of the Grand Jury of the Me-
tropolitan County of England. No sooner was the
fact ascertained, and pending the trials in West-alio.
ster,Hall, than lie communicated tile circumstance to
a Member of the House of Comm,'ns, who, in conse-
quence made a disclosure, the electric effect of which
upon the House was only equalled by the indignation
which it excited throughout the country. From
the original formation of his mind, his unbending
devotedness to the interests of his country, anl hatred
of its oppressors, he had drawn upon himself much po
Iltical hostility, but for that he was amply compen-
sated by having the good fortune to enjoy the proud
distinction of being known to Mr. l-'oi, Mr. Whit-
bread, and Sir Samuel Romilly, and of having as his
personal an intimate friends, Mr. Cerrito, Mr. Sheri-

den, and Mr. Orattao• as *all as some df th 4116413 furl'
meat public men now firin. Bating made this plats
arid simple statement, we have only to add, that while
the memory of Mr. Oingerty is identified with, the his-
tory of his conotryr it wiiiiipag be cherished by those
associates, who, having ha the beet opportunity off
knowing hit good qualities, have the Isest mem Is/
deplore his loss.
SPORT! ,JO IN l'tibLirigNen
YORK SPRINtrigiSTINSto Mkt
MONDAY. MAT 13
Sweepstake.; of 20‘s tad. for three-year olds, Ostfaie.
Mb. Ore, 94t. MT and aged. Pst. 4b.--(Mb. attested try
amides hones at lbe time of namieg ; three and firer years,
old lilies allowed Slb.)—Two miles. (0 subscribers.)
Mr. Armstrong's b. h. Alexander, by Doe Coessek, Ise
Lord Fitswilliam's h. a. Bsodheck, by Calton, 4 yams
Mr. arimstoo's bl. f. Melody, by Sir Melegigl, 4 years 4
Mr. Felree's gr. f. by Conon. oat of Lisette. 4 years 4
Lord Scarborovgh's br. c. Hymn. by Moodie. 6 yearn A
to 4 on Sandbeck.—A good ram.
The Produce Stakes of litOgs each. h. ft. for two TIMM old
COMA. Sat. Sib. 111110.4. fat. (Sib. allowed, Ate.)—Tme-yell'
Olds' Course. (8 Subscribers.)
Mr. Watt's b. e. by Whisker. out.of Altlsidara t
Mr. Houldsworth's br. f. by Filho de Pits, dem by Ca.
mules . 9.
Lord Queensberry's gr. e. Hussar, by Whisker, out of
Even belting on Mr. Welt's b.c.—Wen easy.
The Filly Sapling Stakes of 36gs each, k. ft. /or three years
old lilies, Bst. 31b. each.-LLast mile and holt (6 Sub-
scribers.)
Mr. Watt's bay, by Tramp. out of Maeda** I
Mr. Oascoiantos chemist. by Comes, out of Tlsoutellna
Loa Fitawilliases dissent, Dismal, by Woeful, out of
Minstrel .. • • .

r. Perse's grey, by Walton. dam by Wizard .. 4
Ewes betting on Mr. Watt's bay.—Aa snootiest rase.
ivreepztakee of 20,,-a etch. for three years old colts, SALM.
fillies, Sat.—Last mile and three quarters. (9 Subscribers.)
dr. T. Sykes's b. c. Negoeiator, by Prise Mietster,
dam by Camillus .. I
Mr. C. Marson's bl. c. Memoth, by Soothsayer, dam
by Eagle . • •
Lord Fitsoilliara's eh. f. Leone's, Sister to Marttornes 3
Sir W. Mllner's bl. c. Angler, by Welles, dam by Ser-
Mr. Ridsdale's b. c. Deboneeire, by Comas, dam by
Shuttle .. • • .. 6
Lord Scarborough's hl. f. by Walton, out of the Black
Prince's data . • . • .. 0
41e. T. Duacombe's b. c. by Comes, dam by Stafford
lk. Breadlines eh. c. by Comas, out of Salamanca 8
S to 4 against Negoelator.
.Thie Yeah Spiel St. Leger Stakes of ltbge each, for three
111111014 M molts, Bst. Sib. fillies, Sat.—Last mile and three
tea. (8 Subscribers.)
Mr. Mrs's b. c. Theodore, by Woeful. out of Black.
leek's dais
Lord Scarborough's b. e. brother to Corneatlon, by
Goes ..............2
Mr. Wright's b. a. Sir Walton, by Walton. dam by
Hiambletonian 3
Mr. Perren's br f. by Comes, dam by Cerberes .. 4
Mr. Fox's eb. colt, by Macbeth, dam by Jupiter .. 5
Mr. Riddell's ch. e. Pity Me, by Woeful, dam by Pre-
Slr W. Milner's eh. c. by Callban, dam by Booing-
brougla--bolted.
6to 4 'Kit Theodore-1S to I apt Lord Scarborough's
b. c..—Won very easy.
SH/PP/777/=E.VCR.
DUBAI.. May 14.--Ceisro from the River last
sight and sailed, tho Alexaoder, Solaro r, for Madeira and
Isle of France : Shannon. Jolly, for Ogees; also to•dayi
Prime Repot. Isom, Set abdras nod Calcutta ; eed
Provideime. Oweo. for Madeira, Madras sad Bengal.—
Sailed the Forster, Morgan, for Virginia; and Prince
Regent yacht, for Calms. Seven o'cluek—The Prince
Regent yacht is is sight, returning from Calais end pro-
ceeding to the Downs, with the CCOVII Prince. &e. on
board. A frigate is !mewls, into the Downs from the
westward, and some .erebantineo, among the latter is
supposed to be the Oscar, Sayer, from St. Vincents.—•
Wind R.

Ponsamonen, Slav 14.—Arrived, the Alexander, Suf-
bur, from the Downs. for Mauritius, sod Ceylon.-.
Sailed, London. Newton, for Quebec. and Masear, Golden
Grove, and Ogle Castle, for Leadoe.—Wind S. W.
PLTSSOI:7II, MAT 13.—Arrived the Henry, Hillock,
from New South Shetland, in 98 slays; left there N sail
American, and 14 British vessels. Arrived the Joseph
sod Jane, Howe, from Denaerara,6sdays passage.—Wind
E. N. B.
PALMOUTN, MAT 13.—. Sailed ;the Swiftsure packers
for America.
The William Crawford, of Yarmouth, was wmlceil
near Shields, on Friday, and it is feared the crew
drowned.
John Robson (not Roberts) the nine who was shot,
(by the military at Bilatee, near Wolverbanipton,)
died on Wednesday eight. An inquest was assembled,
on view of the body, en Friday, and the proceedings
were on Saturday evening adjourned until Friday next.
Seven men were apprehended, on Magistrates' war-
rants, oo Thursday, for assaulting colliers who were
working, by ducking and otherwise ill-treating them,
five of whom have since been committed to Staf-
ford gaol. A detachment of the Staffordshire yeo-
man.), left Wolverhampton early on Saturday morn-
ing, and succeeded in securing several men who bail
been recognised as active in ars:tithing colliers at-
tempting to pursue their work ; six of them were
conveyed to Stafford on the same day, in addition to
those sent before. Mr. Littleton, 31. P. for the county,
who is Lieutenant-Colonel, and Captain E. Monckton,
of the yeomanry, both came down from loon on
Thursday, sad remade with the Teddesley troop, at
Wolvertiampton.—(Arils lib-millennia Gazette.)
The postscript to a letter received yesterday morn.
log from oar correspondent at Wolverlatnpton, to
whom we are indebted for the above particulars, says
.• We are all perfectly quiet, thouith we are well
guarded by Lieut. Askew's detachment of Scots Greys,
a troop of Staffordshire Yeomanry, a detachment of
the Stafford Militia, Staff, &c. &e.—(J' id.)
Early this morning, in Barbican, a man, in the
dress of a butcher, carrying a load upon his shoulder,
in a white cloth. like the CAM'S of a sheep, was ob-
served by one of the watchmen who eyed him with
some suspicion. At this tnoment another person corning
behind him, having begus to mend his pace, the fal-
low thought he was pursued, and dropping his load
upon the pavement, ran off as fast as his feet could
carry bits, au.' made his escape before any groan la
were discovered for stopping him. On opening the
do' h to ~certain the naiure of his harden, the watch.
man aml the other man were surprised and shocked to
find in it a female corpse. From the state in which the
corpse appeared, there was reason to believe it bad
been taken from a grave for the purpose of dissection.
Coas•Hecuasoc, Mae Is.—The market this morning
was very heavy, owing to their bring but few sales;
prim...ample. of Wheat, however, may be quoted at
Monday's prices, with very little demand for the inferior
descriptions.—(ll Burley there is very little doing.—
Outs remain as per last market day's prices ; and in
other articles we have no alteration in pryce. ,
