,116 caw"
.fir ',huh HAippgf "111 in the Add, and ArDlfitr Wel an am Soffiii:".:
• _

This Dsf was peldistled. Is nese Win Volumes. ,o. Mu
Meted Walt Naps segkAllittss, Price ?I. Vs.
QTATISTICAL ACCOUNT of UrPER I:ANADA.
compiled. mitts files tea stossAiyotem of Eolgraties,
Is coneezlos sin a R of th► Poor Lass.
By ROBICAT GOURLAY.
" Thy 1004 tp4prtmierner, let me
Lord of the Liss-eon. sod Resle-eye."
Primed for W. fllmpkie sot IL Marshall, tationere-hall-
Court.Ledgato-street.

Tbls day was robilsbet,. loose vol. Bvo. with a Ise Portrait
of the Author. prke Its. boards.
A N A POLOO Y fer the LIVE of COLLEY
CS. CII3BW
of the titers'
Acton sad'
at Inmost
Notes. irk
Apreikellreff
Praises
'Printed
Hail-eourt,

A . _ WSEKLY 1.,
bATURDAY. Aram trib. IBM will be published,
prier f3d.l. Loedoe. sod Is. If feet TROIS by Post.
7.H R 1/41.18 $l.l Ilerord of la TRRATURZ,
FINK ARTS. EICIERCRS. ANTIQUITI NS. the DRAMA. Ite.
(To be continued Weekly.)
This Work wilt be devoted to—
let. G SSIRAL LITUUATuse.
god. Tun Resales tartlets sod nue ARTS._

Sagaireric Dtsoovamtas sod Discus-

fled.
SION&
4th. ANTIRRIMIRS and BIOGRATTIT.
6th. FACRTIAI sad Yes writs In prose and verse.
Under lb. lest bead will be comprehended ORIGINAL Es-
sAv s chiefly Illustrative of aneettere. with greet variety of
lighter matter calculated for inaurmatioa sad asansement.—
A Calmat. Novice of every new work distinguished by In-
trinsic merit, or the celebrity of its author. MI discoverlealw
Arts sod ticlencm will be records h In ANTIQU trigs will be
uotieedwhatever may appear calcalated to blostratehistory,
Or to throw light on manners and customs. To the DRAVA
more than ordinary at:gallon will he pild. This species of eons-
position Is at a singularly low ebb, and Is rarely noticed by
Journalists exmpt as a matter of news. The Dittoes are
Impressed with the Importaace of the Fuse ARTS to Society,
and pledge unremitting attention to their progress. No im-
portant work of art or exhibition shall serape notice. The
Punkin Asessa gars will not be neglected. TM Editors
will be vigilant la the Cans. of true honour and morality ;
and avoid whatever would lead to religious or political con-
troversy.
The MUSEUM will be neatly printed In Quarto, eontain-
ins IS pages. or 48 columns, and will be delivered early oe
Saturday, In and near London.:
Orders for this paper will be received by Mr. Mtkuta, 1:111.
Fleet-street; Messrs. Simpkin and Co., Statioaer's Coen;
and all other Booksellers in Town and Country. It may
also be procured Regularly by giving a General enter to all
Newsmen, Postmasters, and Clerks of Roads, in tbe same
manner as for any Newspaper, Mageziee,
All ADVERT!, K . S are -
Miller, (10, Fiee4-street,

TV THE EDITOR OF THR STATEEMIN,
--...--

London. April 13, 1834.

Sin—To the reason, good sod common senor, u:
the people of the British Empire generally. but to the
labouring el particularly, I beg permission to ad.
dress the following observations founded on a belief
That, from our statesmen omitting to tell us the real
cause of, and the remedy for our national distress,
the following fundamental principles in political
economy, (on wnieh the cause of our present distress
principally hinges) as well as their consequences, are
unkr own to them. I theret,re, in order that the peo-
ple may judge for Batumi% es, (without luoger wait-
ing to be told by others,) state to them the following
farts, :

That, as the profitable employment of oar people
eonstitutes the wealth and prosperity of the British
Empire, and our annual wealth being in the pro-
portion of the aggregate sons paid for labour, to in-
crease this latter slusold be the object of all our
entamereial and financial laws and measures, when
the prosperity of every other useful class of society
will follow as a ,ewer of course.

That oar native and colonial agriculture, when
duly Itrotected, is the root of, and propelling power to
all our industry, and that such industry ultimately ed.
stances and retrogrades in the ratio of our agricultural
prosperity; that 'sericulture acts on our branches of
industry, in the ratio of the value for which Its
aeetegate products cell, like the sap of trees acting no
their branches. For instance—if our agricultural
products sell for Intl millions per annum, they give
double the artivity to oar national industry. that
they would. if they said far only ,9 old:limo.; and al.
ways luerraae in the like fritiot. So. in like itittoure,4•ies
it quiet of •4p yire .o branches of tr-es double the

an tiniest that a pint does. hat in their absence both
wither and decay. 'l' has. while agriculture iv °pro
to With!, cootpeition, and the snisply capvlde of
being mule etpsal to the demand, 'the liig:ier the
price psis' for agricultural proditett, the great•zr will
be the propelling poster to all our industry; while
through profitable etoployuseot a greater to-ans of
comfort will be given to our people. By a reference
to the practical Nurld, iu all ages, this proposition will
be fully iiemoufttratril.
That couttoerce can only be betieficial to a state

like* h is flooded na mutat/ want*• thel• teciprw
city of tlellefitv, bet tint a nation walla want what
already possessors. roe eon there be reciprocal he•
• w!..ett the exebsoge of commodities muses the
people of oone or both natioas to he depri►ed of profit-
able employmeot ; as no foreign redeem exchanged,
or
given as donations from one to the other. van be
moirelest to the sacrifice of a people's profitable occu-
pation.

That we t beneficially carry commerce is ft.
4 commie that Mara pay-
price of our mannfactnres
by the preamble Tinpla-
te do with their sale is fir-

'Gerard by our abtilltiy
payinantas that slaty pollee-Mg
duets, not °sly acts as bounties
Ist products, and ioorea►s thr
of oar own people. our con•
bat such duties are g Ily

To as ignorance of the aforesaid foadansental
principles of the mighty resources of the British Em-
pire, and of that system of commerce and flame, ne-
t-mill to bring them into action, and to a fear of
foreigners, which latter is produced by as ignorance
of the aforesaid principles, and to a belief that fo-
reigners take more of our industry is ezehasge fur
their's, than I.sr paupers or idle people would de, acre
they employed to produce the hits articles, while the
contrary i■ the fact; to these I attribute the enacting
that portion of nor Esse India Charter, which de-
prives our own people and shipping of large para...
of profitable employment, by protecting foreign cols-
mere* from British cenopetitioa, and Ileitis; the
biXO of English ships to 350 toes tied upwards, while
foreigners are allowed to navigate their ships of any
size; measures which are nut wily prejudicial to the
Empire, bat which: by lessening the consumption of
uar imports Coin Chinn, injore the compaey itself, and
occasion on the *bole, a loss to the Empire of souse
millions per annum.
To the like cattle I attribute our injurious Ameri-
can treaties, which deprive a large portion of our
people and shipping of profitable employurest, and
which have a tendeucy to lessen the power of our own,
while at the same time they cause us to band, sad
militia an American navy (intended for oar future
destrection), and paid fur principally by our landed
iaterest through the poor's ra•e. To the like cense I
attribute the alteration in the timber duties, the in-
tended infrierreest of oar navigation laws, the in-

piag interest. while it obliges British costumers to pay
about 13s. per cwt. more for their sugar shoo if those
islands nere independent, or under the Government of
some other power ; and perpetuates slavery in our em.
pine in opposition to our own profsssious, and the spi_
tit of our sonstitotiuo, although we are paying fo.
reit/tiers hundreds of thousands of ponds to abo
lisb that iterations traffic.

fo the like cans* I attribute our inadequate protec-
tion to British and Colonial Agriculture, and to one
shipping int , and also our taking hemp, flax, cat-
ton, tobacco, rice, timber, and corn, fr,An furequers
is lien of from our colonies.

To the like cause I attribute the labooriog people
of Ireland and Great Britain bring reduced to a state
of wretchedness, and next to star►ation, for want of
profitable employment, while duly protectiog duties
on foreign corn, hemp, flax, cotton. tobacco, and tim-
ber. (which would be paid in great put by foreigners.
and would exceed the cost of poor-rates, now
charged on the consumer, and from which be would
then be liberated ; would invite them to emigrate to
Sew South Wales and British America, to cultivate
and cut the aforesaid articles, as well as carry theta in
British in lieu of foreign shipping.

These enumerated evils and many others are th..
consequences of the ignorance shove described, as
well as of their not understanding the systems of com-
merce and finance, which I bate so often propounded
to them. and which have brought the nation into its
present dilemma, as stated in my letter to 31r. Vansit-
tart, and inserted is the .11orniag Post of the Nth
ult.; added to which,an ignorance uf our people's meg-
nantlimus character causes our statesmen of both par-
ties to fear telling them that we have no other remedy
fir our national distress. but raising the price of
bread, &c. I therefore bey permission to tell you, and
1 du it without fear of rational contradiction, and
with no other view, than that of serving awful
class of society in the Empire, that nothing. Clll
restore the nation to prosperity, bat the granting a
Protection from foreign competition to every British
interest, according to its respective value to the state,
and then let eoinsueree have the freedom of air,
and whoever advises von ,o the contrary, however
good his motives way be, proves himself in reality
your worst friend.
I calculate the value of an interest to the State by
the inaistum of tythe, or composition of tythe, taxes
and Poor's-rate it pays to the State, the qoantion it
saves from falling on the letter, and the national
wealth and politirel power it gives 1,0 the Stu,- This
protectioq woohl require amongst oilier things, that
Eng'ith tOtent sh•itii.: lie protected by a duty on fo
reign whoa!, cif al to about :111s. per qoatter; oo
wheat about 121. per varier. sad on other fo-
trr tin in peo;osstion. This would have the ef-
fect of reit og C.e (ill4rtelll lad to Is. and upwards :
world invitP the lilt:lin capitalist toinvest his capital
in British an t Coloniai grieultnre, in licit of investing
them as lie is nose doing in foreLu fonds; would create
a demand for, and owl d give profitable employment
to •n additional toiliion of over labouring classes, and
wimld thereby increase the accri.g.ste w 'gee of our
people, so as to enable them to purchase two loaves
of bread. ie. Ste. (ti ottg:l increased in cast) W:11-re
they now purchase tsue. I here i7:na real wea!tii Lut

--
;lII* Author. prke Its. boards' beyond • our 'l4lll I
APOL 0 li Y far the LIFE of oar has the COLLEY 11P114 • ._, high"
isonta.
'ISO M CIPOINIISP, coatalnlng an Historical View. best,
Ralph' his own deo. will. eoplces Accounts of Ow .f
_. wth" welii•ned
and Tboidrisal Evade. with which he woo monocled. norNtar oar people. much
sot logwoodraw ern. Enlarged by *boot two boadrod eai inark.ta. as that is i
vpUla Mot Itiography. erillelam.:Sarradva. alai ~.)
ilimitlEoaricar. sod tarnished oddest their otters paysi
ern fix Pri"leigs Goo
iIIELLCHANII4;.* io tiro and colonial 1
!od~ll tia sad R. Marshall. Slatimore vegulik, empley=„t of
wit, [didg4wwitroet•
NEW WEEKLY LITERARY JOURNAL paid by foreigarrs.
-

r .
OINTI are reqnested to be sent to Mr. somika • ut
opening oar West India ports to foreign-
tree., Of tons* Printer. A. 3. Iralpy. Red
street; when also COMMO3ICATIOhII ad- en, the comparative under protection given to Agri-
tor maybe seat. 6
Al'Apcielai iri Dg. compared with the protection
In
the CotNTRY. who are ea dOS3I`OIII. res lid to the 'Win Indii sugar
t oo the day of petitioning. may receive
plaster; the latter at the expense of the West India
1., throu;:it their Booksellers or Agents,
eetton,and the Hastlndia sager planter,and °four ship-
- - -- -- - • -
