THE STATESMAN.

at least 180 were killed and wounded, and on board
the other captured vessels at least 80 more, making
in the whole, killed and wounded, 260. This is,
doubtless, short of the real number, as many were
thrown overboard from the Confiance during the en-
gagement.
" The mutter-hooks must have been thrown over-
board, or otherwise disposed of, as they are not to
be found. atnx Sir, sery respectfully, your obe-
dient servant.
(Signed) " GEORGE BE, LE, Jun. Purser."
ThOTIMS 51.icannongh, Esq. commanding the United
States squadron on Lake Champlain.

List of British Officers captured on the llth of September, on
Lake Champlain, and sent to Creenbush.
ranrt. 1). Fr*, on parole; Lieutenants flicks, Creswick.
nu'ioa,en, M,(Bie, Drew, Vornbv, Child, and Fitzpatrick;
Master Belden; Masters' Mates Clark and Simmonds ;
burgeon Todd • Purser Gile; Captain's Clerk tiny; Midship•
men Aire, Bouilell, Tooke, Kewstra I Das idson, Boatswain ;
Elvin, Gonne, ; Mickel!, thinner; Cox, Carpenter; Parker,
purser; Martin, Surgeon; bl•Cabe, Assistaut-Surgeon.

NEXT WEDNESDAY Tun STATE LOTTERY BE-
GINS DRAWING-THE WHOLE IS 7'o BE
DRAWN ON THAT DAY.

Due

Ar'. Mails.
0
Frnnee ,
0
1

o STOCKS TiltS
gent
3 per Cert. Red. fi4;3
'3 per Cent Cm s. (Lull
4 yr Cello. 801 1
b per Cent. Nnvy.96ii

OAT AT ON V. OICLOCK

Ann. 16a. 1-16
ladin llonds 17 p
Excheqner Hills 1 5 p
Onmitim
Dins()ls for Acc. 66ii

THE STATESMAN.

which naval warfare is Peculiarly exposed." And
this has been the excuse set up for the disaster
by Ministers in, •Parliament. Bet what - will
these Ministers, and Mr. Coostlft, say to theH
assertions in the letters of Sir JAMLS YE° and
Capt. PaINO relative to the unfitness of the squadron, 1
and the shameful manner in which it appears to have
been manned. The fermer of these Commanders
says, " Capt. Downes ship appear; to have been
hurried into action before she was'in a • fit state to
' meet the enemy." This hurrying may apply to Sir '
G. PezvosT, and it, may applylo Captain Dowynx,
who certainly ought not to have ventured upon
action with such a crew as he had,—but when was
he to expect a better? Capt. Paine. says, the crews
were " unorganized, composed of drafts of men
.who bad recently craved from different ships at
Quebec, many of whom only joined the day before'
' and were totally unknown either to the officers or to
each other, with the want of gun-locks, as well as
other necessary appointments:" in short, he gives
us to anderstand that Falstaff's ragged recruits, that
.bad never seen a gun • of any kind, could not have
i been a mote motley crew than those appointed to
uphold the sepetiority of our navy Where and when
it was most essential that it should be established.—
Does 'not this speak trumpet-tongued against .the
1 managers of our naval affairs? The necessary lap-
-1 pointments, we are told, could not be obtained
in America. Why was Captain Dowsin's squadron
left in such a situation ? Why happened it that
: the Coqflance had scarcely a man on board, till a
motley squad came running from Quebec to work
her: into action ? Why is the contest always so un-
equal on our !nit, and not a sign of preparation is
discernible till the moment of•trial and destruction
is at hand ? We are persuaded of nothing so much
as that it is owing entirely to the careless manner in
which our ships are manned that so many disasters
have occurred to our Navy. The courage of Britons
is never to be doubted, but experience, and a know-
ledge of men's merits are indispepsably necessary to
success. What other result than d)
eat can be looked
t. for, when such men as appear have formed the
1
crew of the Confiunce, and we could name other
vessels who have shased a similar fate from similar
causes, are brought into action ? This uncon-
nected crew may, from being wholly unknown
to each other, take the lives of those whom it is
their interest and duty to defend. Capt. DowsrtE
was, no noubt, urged to co-operate, and rather than
it should be said he was the cause of retarding an en-
terprize, though he must have been aware of his in-
efficient state, and would have been justified in refu-
sing to join in the attempt in the situation he was,
he bravely went, like many others so situated,
" happy go lucky," into the mouth of destruc-

fatal llth, . en the crisis drew near, he appears lion.
to have hadeticommon and unlooked-for obstacles If any thing could add to the necessity of a so.
to surmount. As he came in view of the strong ' !emu national investigation into the conduct of our
defences cf Plattsburgh and the bay, he found the Naval Administration, it is the plain avowal in these
enemy In the occupation of an elevated ridge of land . dispatches that our fleet was unfit for meeting the
on the south branch of the Saranac, crowned with enemy, or of giving them battle in case of amok ;
three redoubts, field works, block-houses, armed and most earnestly do we hope and entreat that the
with heavy ordnance, with their flotilla, riding V Earl of DARNLEY, or some able friend to his coup-
hard by, equally prepared for action. This he had try's interests and honour, will exert himself to es_
been au are of, and had communicated to Captain pose these scandalous neglects of the- highest trust
DOWNIE,• the. Commander of our fleet, his desire that can be confided to men, and effect, if possible,
that he should c•-operate simultaneously with the a remedy for such evils.
attempt of the army to carry the enemy's land works. There are also dispatches from Commodore
CHAUNCEY in the American Papers, which we have
This co-operation on the part of the navy was at- ,
copied. They principally relate to the attempt of
tempted to be carried into effect, under what circum- ; two ships of else squadron to get toward the head of
stances we shall shortly notice. Now, mark what the Lake with troops and provisions, for the relief of
actually happened. The enemy's land defences were . Gen. DRUMMOND'S force. This attempt, it seems
most courageously assailed at the moment agreed (though the result is not very clearly stated), was for
upon. Major-Generals ltoastesox and Poweas, with the moment frustrated.
their brigades, advanced to force the ford of the Sara. t
Paris Papers of the 24th arrived yesterday, and
sac, and " the batteries °pried their fire the instant !
we have received to-day those of the 25th. -There
the ships engaged." But scarcely had the British
is no news from Vienna. The only article worthy of
troops forced the pass of the river, and ascended the
notice which we have to-day, is from Frankfort, of
height on' which stand the enemy's works, when the I
the 20th. It states, that mach has been said at the
raids!) Bag on board the principal ships was lowered
Austrian Capital of a conference which had taken
to the American, and our gun-boats were seen seek- I place between Lord CASTLEREAGH and Count Myr-
in; their safety in flight. Our brave fellows, on
• TERNICH, on the arrival oT a Courier from Italy,
shore, being thus deprived of the en-operation of the :
and of an order being given to three Austrian Gene-
feet the Commander-in-Chief was led to believe ,
9 • rats to repair to Padua,where Count BELLso.tauawas
the further prosecution of the service impracticable, !
!to appoint them to an ulterior destination. It adds,
and ordered a retreat, "became the most complete ;
• that an express was at the same time sent off to Sir
success would have been unavaili lig, and the possession
! S. SMITH, requesting him to repair to Lord Catermes
of the enemy's works armed no advantage to compen: !
MUGU at Vienna. •
sate for the toss which must ha---0 been sustained in ac-
The Rhenish Mercury has a long article, which
gaining possession of them." Whether it was WISP to !
we may give to-morrow, on the subject of our con-
stop short in the middle of an enterprize which at the !
test with America.
onset was seen to be a desperate one, we will not

pretend to say. Sir JANtts Yea is of opinion, that
It is reported that the Bank is to advance six mil-
the rquadron, had it even been succes'ful, could not lions to Government, to enable them to put off the
in the least have assisted the troops, and that the bat- Loan until May or June next. Several communications
tasks should have been stormed first, whilst Sir G. have recently taken place between Government and
the Bank ; and a Special Court of Proprietors is ap- ,
Pezvosz relied on the naval arm foe co-operation
throughout. Sir JAMES no blames the Commanders
pointed for Thursday next, which is supposed to have
Y
a reference to this subject.
of our flotilla for going into the bay, and giving the ilt is intended to adjourn the Parliament on Non-
enemy decided advantages. These ‘' decided advan- day nest,. till Tuesday, the 12th of February.
tages" the reader ought to be told were not given to A letter from Vienna, Nov. 10, by the Brussels •
the enemy by our running under the fire of their Papers, says, " The Minister of Wirteniberg, who
had given the precedence to the Minister of the new ;
batteries. Sir Ceoece PREVOST expressly states,
King of IlAeoven,` has been replaced by Count
that the enemy's flotilla was anchored " out of gun.
A% INZIKGERODE, who, in the following Sitting took
shot from the shore," and of the " disadvantages" al- . the upper hand of the Hanoverian Minister ; warm
luded to the enemy had their share, and were as altercations ensued, and Count WIT4eINGERODE re-;
much in danger of suffering from the local causes as- fusing to give way, the Sittings were broken up."
recent accounts from Portugal we learn, that
1;:pled for our failure, namely, the reef of rocks
the services of a
anumber of British Officers have been
near Crab Island, the smooth water and light airs,
dispensed with, in consequence of an extensive re-
as we were. Sir Geonee PREVOST, with much apparent , inuction the Portuguese army. All the British
71cidotirl says the defeat of his hopes, and of the Officers, however, whose commissions bear date
lotilla, was occasioned " by a combination, as prior to the 31st of December; 18101 are to be re-`
t appeared to us, of unfortunate events, to . tained.

-.~:

.~ --

711.47.4 L. INTELLIGENCE.

ftalusarrt, Notrisulmo 27 —lll CCommune de &minim!, ,I
with a cargo of wine, brandy, cambric, silk, china, &c. also
the night before lest wrecked on the Goodwin Rands, and mi
part of the cargo nr ves.el s%ved : the ertrr landed safe tit
Broadstnirs.—The Alice, Pieters, from Dublin to London,
lost an anchor and cable.—Put in 'Upwards of 20 snit for Attelter. °
Potursatotrea; Nov. 27.—Arrived yesterday his Majesty's
ships Comet and Challenger, from Newfotindland.—Came into

harbour his Majesty's ship Srag.—To-day went out of harbour
his Majesty's sh`
•p Tortoise. Tho West India fleet are still at St.
Helen's.—Arrived the Trafalgar acd Isabella, two transports,

from Newfoundland.—We understand that the brig Woodman
is on shore on the Warden Ledge, near Yarmouth, isle of Wight,
mad has sustained damage.

PLYMOUTH, Nov. 26.—Put in here on Wednesday several-
of the Bret bound to Spain, Portugal, &c. ender convoy of his
! Majesty ship Meander, &c.—Arrived yesterday the Poclari,us
Sloop of war, from the Bay of Biscay ; and the Briscis skint; of
: war, from the enstuard.—Arrived to-day the brig Eduard
Falct.ner, Master, from Tenet at., wit h w ine ; was captured by
C.e Lawrence American privateer, and recaptured by his Ma-
jt•sty's ship Glasgow ; the Blessing, Skinner, from Newfound-
lam!, in 16 days; sailed with a fleet under convoy of his Majes7
ty's ship Cornet, but parted two days nftersailing.—Caine ia his
Majesty's ship Royalist, from a cruise.

BRITISH AND FOREIGN b: (WOOL ••„
SOCIETY.

A General Meeting was held on Saturday, at the
Freemason's Tavern, to receive the Ilalf-yearly Rye
Tiptt of the Committee, appointed to, carry the bene-
ficent views of this Institution - ittl:o effect: The.
Grand Hall was fitted up for the re.ceptites of the
company, who were most respectable and numerous,,
several hundreds of both sexes being present. At two
o'clock his Royal flightiess the Duke of Kent took
the Chair, supported on his right by. Mr. tirhitbreetd,
and on his left by
.Mr.. Brougham, snit ettended by
many other Gentlemen. We regret that want of
room precludes us frem.entering so largely ieto the
proceedings of the meeting as tae should wish,
anxious as we always have been to promulgate the
progress of a society whose just and noble aim it is
to make mankind happy, virtuous, and free, by itn-
perting to them the means of knowledge, and re-
deeming them from the most debasiste of all servi-
tude—the slavery of ignorance and its attendant
vices. We, however, present a faithful abstract or
what took glace. . .
his Royer! Highness the Duke of KENT, en taking
the Chair, btiefly informed the Meeting of the pur-
pose for which they were assembled. They would
have, his Royal Highness observed, to receive from
their worthy Secretary, Mr. Fox, s Report of all
the other Institutions %%filch had been formed, at.
home and abroad, on the British System. They
would also receive an abstract of the proceedings re-
lating to the formation of different country sehools ;
but be wished their attention to b 2 particularly di-,
teeter' to that part of the Report concerning foreign.
schools ; it was a subject which had occupied much.
of the time and enxiety of the Committee, and
there were many foreigners hit he room who felt ie.
terested in it. Upon the who!e, the Committee
fla:tered themselves the Report of that day • would
prove the most satisfactory of any which had yet,
been made. Ile would not occupy more of theit%
time at present, as the length of the days at this
season of the year, warned him to be short, and he.
should therefore propose that the Report be read
by the Secrettsty.
Mr. Fox then read the Reeort, which begin by
stating that the diffusion of the British Ses•eet of Edu-
cation continued to nieet with hicrervirie success both
at home and abroad. The Committee t,.ed recieved
interesting reports from Bath, Duldini !emeriti:,
Bristol, Manchester, the, Ihie of Man, Norwich,
Tavistock, Woburn, and various other pieces in the
United Kingdom, where schools have been. esta-
blished. It then proceeded to de'nil such facts colt-
fleeted with those different stisools as were most im-
portant. Is, particular it dwelt upon the happy
consequences of a system which knew no exclusion ;
and which comprehended, in its wi,e gond li horst
plan, the children'of all sects and all diAimitilitions.
This was plersinglv confirmed in the Report !rem
Halifax, at which place the school consisted of 502
children, comprising no less than six diffee'ent dem)-
. initiations of Christians. Of these only 75 were of
the Established Church, so that the remaieitite 427
must have been shut out from the benefits of inetruc.
tion as imparted by this system, if modes of worship
had been allowed to operate against them. The Si'.
ciety for the Education of the Poor of Ireland, esta-
blished in Dublin, continued to prosper, and to pro•
mote its beneficial objects. The Report alluded to
the exertions of the Ladies' Committee, belonging to.
the parent Institution, in terms of great apprdba, ion.; ,
as those exertions had been successfully employ el in
founding many schools for the instruction of their
own sex, not only in reading and writing, bet in
various sorts of work, and other domestic qualifica-
tions. A letter from Miss Springtnatin, the supelite.
tendant of the female establishment, reporting her
success in establishing schools and qualify ing mis-
tresses, at Halifax, Rotherham, Bilmieghatn, &c.
The Report then adverted to the foreign objects of
the Institution; and it appeared that schoOls were
established in the Canadas, at Sierra Leone, Cape
of Good Hope, Calcutta, New South %Vales, and,
by the labours of the Missionaries, in the South Sots.
Islands, where places were erected to he used as .
Schools on the British System. The Misionaries
stated the prosperity of the undertaking, many of
the natives have attended them, and had begun to
see the value of instruction. The Committee slso
reported that the Directors of the Missi:mnry So-
ciety had resolved, that in future MI AI iS,IOIOII. y
should quit this country without beitig.insti timed in
the British System. The Report further seted, that
the Royal Free School had been visited by nialee fe-
reieiters of distinction from France, Russie, Ger-
many, and Poland. The publications of the So- •
ciety had been eagerly sought for in Fiance, Flan- •
tiers, Holland, and other parts of the Continent,
with a view:to extend the knowledge of the system
in all those countries. Extracts of a letter from the ,
Duke of Bedford (the President of the Society), dated ,
from Cintra,nenr Lisbon, were read. The Noble Duke
stated, " that a schocil for the children of Britieh
soldiersemployed in the Peninsula (and to which 320
children, Roman Catholics as will as Notestailts,
were admitted at its first formation) ens estnblished
at Lisbon more titan two years ago, under the sane-
~
tion and patronage of the illustrious Wellington,
who, whilst he was conducting our breve soldiers to
victory in a rightful cause, wisely and benevolently .
thought their children ought to be led through tho
paths of -religion and morality, by the blersirgs of
education, and trained to become useful memhers of
society." The Report concluded with anticline to
the- state of the Society's finances, and explaining .
a plan which was in progress to enable them to tiqui. .
date their debts. This was, that' ene" butuired per-
. sons in different parts of the kingdom Wield :each
undertake, anion& their friends, to raise the sum of
• 1001. In furtherance of this Plan, several indivi-
duals (among whom were the Duke of Bedford end
..
Mr. Whitbread) had already subscribed 1061. each,
and the names of others were read 'who had under-
taken
to raise thelike sum in their respective neigh-
bourhoods. . .
Such Was the substance of this most gratifying 'and',
~
interesting Report, WhiCh being read, . .
Mr. BROUGHAMrose to move the first R 4.401044.
Be began by Stating that he' could not 2,0%611415t'.
congeatelate himself upon having the pleasing tusk
consigned to him of anticipating the sense of the
1 company present in favour'of the Report• they had
~
dust heard. If any thing could increo,,that satis-

'-•

1 1';

:* .
.4011114.10010404 M, 414%nr.
