POPULATION.
By the census lately taken of the inhabitants of the
County of Armagh, we find an increase of numbers to
the amount of 17,931 persons, since the year 1814. At
that perioi the total population of the district amount-
ed to 176.213 individuals. At present the aggregate
is 123,144. We subjoin. from the " Historical Me-
moirs of the City of Armagh," the former return for
the Reader's satisfaction
Baronial Statement of the Population of the County of
Armagh, for the year 1814.
Armagh - - 32.708
Uppor-Orier - 24,104
Lower-Grier - 12,864
O'Neiland-West - 33,160
O'Neilaud-Last - - 15,509
Upper-Pews • 19,617
•
Lower-Fews - 17,291
Tureny - - 13,n7

Total Population of the County, 176,213
The Baronial Return fur the year 1621, is as ful-

lows :

Barony of Armagh
- Tureny
Upper-Pews
- Lower-Fews
- O'Neilaod-West
O'Neiland-East
Upper-Orier
- Lower•Orier -

36,160
16,180
184169
18.694
39,462
17,953
23,801
21,990

Total population, 194,149
From these returns two important deductions may
be made. by statibtical writers. The first is, that ac-
cording to the present ratio of increase, the population
of the County of Armagh would be doubled in number
in the course of 68 5 6th year?, if the augmentation
than not be restrained by the increasing difficulty
of obtaining fi,0.1 and raiment for such an immense
multitude' of human beings, collected into such nar-
row. houads.

The second object worthy of attention is, that there
is only three roods, eight perches, and a fraction of
land, Irish measure, to each individual in that county;
Hr. Beaufort estimates the acreable contents of the
runntv of Armagh, at 181.450 Irish acres, but the data
which he assumes will not support his conclusions, and
a mare satisfactory calculation may be made from a
correct mu vec executed by Messrs. 19iMem and Cun-
ningham 51•Crea, in the years 1776, 1777, and 1778.—
From 'licit map, it appears, that the greatest length of
the et-panty of Armagh from Lough Neagh, southward,
is 23 miles—the greatest breadth, from Colonel Leslie's
pleases/RN at Glasslougls, in an eastern direction, to that
of John H. Reilly, Esq. at Scarvabridge, 16 miles; the
wan length 19/ miles; the mean breadth 124 miles,
measured in a dire Ct-line across the face of the country,
as represented on ihe..map, By multiplying the mean
length and breadth into each .other, we find the square
miles, each of which contain 640 acres, thus-19.5/
1:!.5 = 243.75 square miles, Y. by 640 = 156,000 Irish
acres.—(lliatory of Armagh, P. 575.)
Now, the present population of the county amounts
to 194,144 persons, of course there are but three roods
eight perches and 3-stlis to each individual.
When we reflect that the county of Armagh con-
tains no large cities or very populous towns, this may
well be deemed an astonishingly great rural popnla-
tion.—lt is also worth remarking, that the long csta
hlishtnentof Use linen trade in that country,has caused
a minute subdivision of lands—and that notwithstand-
ing this circumstance, much wheat, oats, and flower, are
exported front the county of Armagh to other less pu-
pa:nos districts. In fact, it is more than compe-
tent to supply its own population with vegetable,
though not with animal food. It issomewhat singular,
that titevt appears a decrease in the population in the
barony of tipper Pews since 1814 of 748 l ersons.
The census for the county of Louth gives a po-
pn'tation of 101,167 Poulson an area of 110.750 acres.
Thete are, therefore, 1 acre and 161 perches of ground
to each individual ; a dense population, but far short
of that contained in the counties of Armagh or Mo-
naghan, when compared with the acreable surface.
In the census taken a few years ago, Armagh was
found to ba the most populous county in Ireland, with
respect to rural inhabl:ants.—Monaghan made a near
approximation to Armagh. Louth was the third ; and
it is probable that the returns in the present census will
atiord a similar result.

We learn from the learned De Barghe, author of
tile Hibernia Dominicana, that about the year 1760,
tit. county of Armagh, contained 63,210 souls—that
of Louth, 46,102. We are also informed, in the
Ilibertiorurn, that in the year 1644, the citizens
of Dublin were numbered, and found to be of Pro-
testants, 2365 men, an►l 2,946 wont.l--of !tom to
Catholics, 1,202 men, and 1,506 women. Of course
this latter ceissus included none but adults.
De Iturghe estimates the content.- of the county of
Loath, at 111,180 acres—bot Beaufort, whose calcu-
lation in this respect, is not, we think, liable to any
objection, states it more correctly at 110,750 acres.—
(Beanforea Memoir of a Mop of Ireland. p. 20-1116.
Dom. p. 15 )
POPULATION OF TOL CITY OF LINIERICL—TotaI,
8236 houses, 66,043 inhabitants. The city of Lime-
rick contains a Catbedr4l, 3 parish churches—l cha-
pel of ease-4 Wonsan Catholic parish chapels—a
meeting house for Presbyterians—a slethodist chapel
—a Quaker's meeting house—a fever hospital—a cus-
tom-h►►ase—a court house and two gaols, with a bar-
rack, which, at the time of taking the account was oe-
cupled by 1103 officers, non-cornwiseioned racers,
privates, and their families.

AMERICAN BONN ETS.
Much having been lately urged by Mr. (7ohhett in
favour of American Bonnets, made of vas, to imitate
Leghorn, we extract the following paragraph from the
Neat York Commercial Advertiser of October 8, relative
to two beautiful bats manufactured from the same ma-
terial:—

BIAUTIFUL Asuctate.—The Misses Blirnap, of
Merrimac, N. H. have manufactured and sent to town,
two Hats, made of native grass, one of which has been
pronounced by judges of the article to be much finer
and more flexible, than any imported Leghorn. of No. 60.
Roth of them are much superior to the one made by these
ladies, which was lately sold in this town. They are
now deposited in the Suffolk Insurance Office, and we
learn, will he offered for sale at Brighten, on Wednesday.
--it is hoped the beauties of the metropolis will not
suffer these really elegant articles of dress to be sent to
any other place t though it is expected the foshionables
of other towns will Meow coespeeiters for thorium.
Should one of them be purchased for the lady of the
tiresident of the United ROsa*. we vague tosay, that
Wlarawhieh wave over the fair face steely el
Loilliesiaibe Capitol. will be bead to exceed
dot ia flosoele, 'elm. se Senibility.-.-
Xlhe GOO

THB S

. .
NSW SPAIN. '
DECLARATION OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF
MEXICO.
FROM THE CHARLESTON GAZETTE OF SEPT 27J

By the arrival yesterday of the brig Catherine:
Wellsman, in five days from Havannah, we have re-
ceived some late accounts from Mexico, and particu-
larly from the seat of war.
A cessation of hostilities between the Patriots and
Royalists has taken place. Oa the 11th of August,
Colonel Santana had agreed to the proposition of the
Viceroy, that the gates of La Vera Cruz should he
thrown open the next day, the prisoners on both sides
liberated, and the country people be allowed to come
unarmed, and in no great numbers. (f he bases of
the agreement consist of twenty-four articles, of which
the following are the chief :)
" Plan of the Government that is to be established
provisionally for the purpose of securing our holy reli-
gion, and establishing the independence of the Mex-
ican empire, under the title of the Administration
Junta of North America, proposed by Colonel Don
Augustin de Yturbide, to his Excellency the Count del
Venadito, Viceroy of New Spain :"

1. The religion of New Spain is and shall he the Ca-
tholic Apostolic Roman relig►on, without toleration of
any other.
2. New Spain is independent of Old Spain. 'ma of
every other Power, eve►► upon our own continent.
3. Its government shall be a limited monarchy, con-
formably to the Constitution that may be adopted by the
kingdom.

4. Its Emperor shall be Don Ferdinand the Seventh ;
but in case he shall not personally appear in Mexico
within Ike time that the Cortes shall specify, in order to
take the oath, the most Serene Infant Don Carlos, Don
Francisco de Paulo, the Archduke Charles, or such
other individual of the reigning family, as Congress
may think proper, shall be called in his place.

5. Until the Cortes shall meet, there shall be a Junta
for the purpose of bringing about such meeting, and
causing the plan to be executed in its full extent.

6. Said Junta, which shall he denominated Adminis-
trative, is to be composed of the Members named in the
letter of his Excellency the Viceroy, by which it shall
he convened.

7. Until Don Ferdinand the Seventh shall present
himself in Mexico and take the oath, the Junta shall
goveru in his Majesty's name, in virtue of the oath of
fidelity which the nation bas taken. Nevertheless the
execution of all the orders that he may give previously
to his taking the oath, shall be suspended until then.

S. If Dun Ferdinand the Seventh sk.ll not concdo.
seem! to come to Mexico, the Junta or the Regency
shall govern in the name of the nation, until the Em-
peror who is to be crowned shall be fixed upon.
9. This Government shall be maintained by the army
of the Three Guarantees hereinafter mentioned.

10. The Cortes shall determine upon the cons►itution
of a Regency, until the arrival of the person who is to
be crowned.
11. The Cortes shall afterwards establish the Consti-
tution of the Mexicali Empire.
12. All the inhabitants of New Spain, without any
distinction of Europeans, Africans, or Indian•, are cid•
seas of this monarchy, and eligible to every °lke. ac-
cording to their merit and virtue.

(IFROX THE IiALTI3IOIIC •11111ERICAM. OCT. 4-)
LATEST FROAI Mg XICO.—A r tides of adjustment entered
into between the Patriots and Royalists, at Cordova, on
the 24th (Alto* last.
Articles of adjustment entered into at Cordova, between
Dun Juan O'Dotinju, Vire Moir, an 4 Din Manuel
I turliidr, Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Mexi-
can Forces:—

I. This America shall be Sovereign and Independent,
and called the Mexican Empire.
2. Its Government shall be a moderate Constitutional
Monarchy.

3. Ferdinand VII. on coming to Mexico, shall reign ;
in default, his heirs, or successors in doe order.
4. The Emperor shall tie his Court in Mexico, the
Capital of the Empire.
5. Two Commissioners from Signor Don Joan O'Do-
noju, shall depart, and catry to the King of Spain this
treaty; in the meantime the Codes of the kingdom offer
him the Crown under proper guarantees and forms and
request his compliance with the 3d article.
b. Cold...instable to the spirit of the plan of equality,
there shall be formed a Junta of the chief persons of the
Empire for their virtues, their employments, their cha-
racter, their riches, and the esteem they hold in public
opinion, the number of whom are suthdeutly consider-
able, that the re-union of their talents will assure obedi-
ence to their determination that shall sate from the
authority and powers given thew ifa llowing Arti-
cles:— •eb
7. The Junta shall be called a Provisional Govern-
ment.

8. Senor Don Juan O'Donojn shall be a member of it
—hut it is indispensible to omit some persons named
in the plan, in conformity with the spirit of its intentions.
9. The Junta shall elect a President, by a majority of
votes, either from among its own members, or from the
public in general.
10. The first act of the Junta.shan..lie to inform the'
people of its installation, motives of its restinioo, sad
any further explanations they may think a public uti-
lity; and the mode to be adopted for clad% Members
to the Cortes.
11. The Junta, after electing its President, shall none
a Regency of three persons, chosen either from among
themselves, or the public, in whom shall be vested the
executive power and government of the Emcee till di.
arrival of the Monarch.
12. The Provisional Goverient being installed. it
shall govern according to the existing laws, excepting
where they differ from a plan of eqoaliry, and until the
Comes terns a Constitution for the Empire.
13. Immediately the Regency is named, the Cortes
shall he called, conformably to the 24th article of the
plan of equality.
14. The executive power resides in the Regency; the
Legislative in the Cortes; and in the interim of their
meeting, the Provisional Junta shall exercise that faculty.
in cases which admit of no delay, and the Regency ap-
prove of the same; the Junta* also to form an alaxiliary
body and Council to the Regency.
15. Every person shall be at liberty to remove himself
and property to wherever homey think proper, excepting
debtors and criminals; consequently Europeans who
are in America, and Americans residing in the Penin-
sula, shall be at liberty to adopt the country they prefers
on those leaving this country paying the duties on the
property they carry away.
16. In the foregoing articles, public functionaries or
military men. notoriously opposed to Mexicali lodepen-
deuce, are not included. but must necessarily leave the'
country within a period die &messy will •
taking with them their property. es paying 'export
duty.
17. Senor Don Juan O'Llosoja otters Nees his &nth.-
My, that the troops sow is the eity *Mask* 'bon gait
it on an honourable capitulation, with the
wishes of the Comesantler-ialiiief M maid Aisles
ebbed. and the see of force. •
Cordova, 24th August, MI. •

IL k N.'

.•

isp• - _A
•• MALIGNANT FEVER IN AMERICA.
CMOs TUZ NEW YORK (OUSIZIICIAL GAZETrE,
OCTOBIiII 3.)

SICINESS AT Noaroca —We have t.sis morning
lee accounts, coming throagh different channels of
the state of the sickness at Norfolk. Mr. Ilford, our
correspondent, and in whom we need not say for else
hundredth time we can place the utmost confidence,
under date of. October 2, says—" You will perceive
hy.the enclosed -report, that this town is as sickly as it
his been this season—the hope of an improvement in
its health is altogether as illusory as is the recovery of
a patient attacked with the prevailing fever—one day
so favourable are the symptoms that be is pronounced
convalescent—the next morning he is under the sod—
there have one hundred and sixty-four died of the
fever since the first of Aug.
The other accounts, from the dark and caution •
manner in which they are written, abundantly con-
firm the above. Ohl the 29th of Sept., there was one
death of the malignant fever, fire on the 34)th, one on
the Ist of October, and two on the 2d. The 11.111106 of
the deceased were James Gilbert, Mr. Davis, James
Darley, Mr. Phelan, and two sailors, a female, and a
negro boy, names not g iven.
In Baltimore, oa the sth, there were two deaths of
the malignant fever—Nicholas Aire.lia, and Maria
Brown. On the 6th there were too more—Mrs. Dunn
and Mary Wells.
[FROM TIIR WASHINGTON INTELLIGENCER, OCT. 5.]

There is yet little diminution of the epidemics and
ague fevers which prevail throughout the country. The
frost, so tardy in its approach, and whose dilatoriness is
so grateful to the tobacco planters, is anxiously looked
for by eery body else ; not that much danger is appre-
hended from the order of disease which is now so gene-
ral, but that it disables so considerable a portion of the
population from their customary pursuits. The follow-
lowing paragraph, frnut a paper printed at liagarstown,
in the midst of one of the most healthful regions of coun-
try in the world, is. (pally true, we believe, of the greater
part of the whole territority of the Union:—

Ocr.2.—There perhaps never has been a more sickly
season in this part of the country than the present.—ln
some neighbourhoods the sickness is so general, that it
is with ranch difficulty that persons can be obtained to
afford assistance or attend to the sick.—(Hagera. Torch
Light.)
From the York Pa. Gazette of the 28th inst. we learn
that a meeting was held there on the preceding Thurs-
day, at the Court-house, for +6, purpose of taking into
consideration what means should be adopted for reliev-
ing the sick and distressed in Wrightsville, in that
county. The meeting appointed committees to make col-
lections for the staler'. The village of Wrightsville
contains abont three hundred inhabitants, of whom
there is scarcely one that has escaped the prevailing
fever.—(City Gazette.)
A letter from St. Augustine (under date of September
'lath.) states that " this place has been uncommonly
sickly this summer, and a great many deaths have occur-
red both in town and country. On the river St. John's,
they have been remarkably sickly. Our courts are not
yet organized ; and when they are, I de not know bow
they are to act; tor, by General Jackson's Proclamation,
the Spanish laws are declared to be in force, and neither
Magistrates nor Lawyers know what they are. Until
Congress snakes laws to govern the territory, we shall
be without any law."—(Enquirer.)

OBSERrANCE of the SABBATH in FLORIDA.

(The following extract from an Ordinance of the
Mavor of Pensacola, we extract from The New York
ronstiaereial Advertiser of Oct. 9, together with the
Editor's remarks upon the measure:—)
Extract from au Ordinance signed by J. G. Forbes,
Mayor:—

The Committee appointed by the City Council, to
make regulations for the due observance of the Sab-
bath, in conformity to the 34 Section of the Ist Ordi-
nance, by Major-Gen. Andrew Jackson, Governor, &c.
Considering that the Christian sects concur in set-
ing apart the day of the work called Sunday, far the
purpose of resting after six days labour, and dedi-
cating that day more particularly to religions practices:
Considering- that some austere denominations ex-
clude altogether, all recreations ai well as employ-
ments, whilst others, more indulgent, do not proscribe
on that day, innocent mirth ant bodily exertion:
Considering, that in many countries, where slavery
is admitted, stares are allowed to come to market on
Sunday only, there anal then to purchase what they
wins for the comfort of their families: _ _

410nsidering. that whatever may be the general int-
rusion and rules of the people of the United Stases
on this subject, a due regard ought to be paid to the
notional habits of this new acquired territory, Re-
solved as follows
Section 1. There shall he an absolute cessation from
worldly occupations on Sundays, until noon.
Sec. 2. Shopkeepers may after 12 o'clock vend their
goods, without however exposing them to public view;
but they shall not allow any kind of ardent or any
other liquors to be drank within their doors by the
purchaser or purchasers; but liquors so bought must
be carried away.
Sec. 3. All recreations not forbidden by do laws
of this territory, are allowed on Sundays, feem and
after lt o'clock ; provided, that pnhlic order be not
thereby endangered, ur al tranquillity dis-
turbed. - _ .

Sec. 4. No number, exceeding two, of colored per-
sons, free or slaves, shall be allowed to stand in, and
thereby to obstruct the streets, lanes nod avenues, or
to annoy the public in any manner whatsoever.
We give this evening the regulations lately esta-
blished under the administration of lioversor Jack-
son, at Pensacola, for the obser• mice of a part of the
Sabbath. We says part of the Sabbath; for it seems
that worldly recreations on that day are only prohi-
bited in the forenoon. In the afternoon trade anal
amusements are to be conducted as usual, and in the
evening the Theatre of course. This is a very singu-
lar indiums, and we think it mid have been more
creditable to the fleverninent, seeing that they have
only gam half way, and that oat of respect to cattalo
44 entskro okattosittatiforse," to have is* the matter en-

tit* shoe. m. ansaleipal salbeeitise Pessaeols
4. me appear is raeagaine the Sabbath, as having
rasa set watt by 11111120 appoiataiss. bat merely by

LONDON:

SATURDAY RYLNING, NOVILMRZR 3, 1521.

~-

The intelligence from Spanish America, which we
this day communicate, relates to an event which will
form an important era its the annals of the world.
Mexico is free. The whole of that fine country, the chief
of the Spaniels possessions on the western continent,
' has completely thrown off its dependence on the mother
country; and the manner in which it has achieved
its independence, precludes the possibillitv, in all ho.
man foresight, of falling again under the yoke. This
great and glorious wolle has been effected by menu
commensurate in dignity and grandeur with its ad.
It has been brought about, not by party or intrigue;
it has arisen, not on the one hand from visionary, ant
on the other from contracted views'; it has been ac-
complished by the march of events ; by the increase
and impure-meat of the population ; by the speed of
knowledge ; by the consciousness and recognition of
the rights amen. and by the excitement and well
directed application of an enlightened public spirit. It
bee been the result of a general accord among all the
parties by which the country had, for years, been dip
tracted. Royalists and Patriots hare come together,
and given up their unprofitable s•rife ; their feeling
for their native country has overcome every other,
and their differeu: opinions have been led to give w.ty
to an agreement fur their emancipation and independ•
ence. The plan of the new Government to be estat-
lished, as well as the Articles of Adjustment,
are signed by Iturbide, on the one side, and by
Count de Venadito, the Viceroy going out of office.
and Don Juan O'Donoju, the new Vice-King, oa
the other. The Articles of Adjustment declare, that
Mexico shall form a sovereign and independent em-
pire, whose form of government shall be a moderate
Constitutional Monarchy. The Plan of Government
adds in a still more specific manner, " that New
Spain (or the Mexican empire is independent of
(Jul Spa'n, and of every other eves npore oar
own Continent." Both agree in offering the sceptre
to the present King of Spain, PERDU/11D VII.; bet
on condition that " he shall personally appear is
Mexico within the time that the Conte* Mal specify,
in order to take the oath." If imodrauld not appear
within that time, the Impetial Crown is to be offered
to his brother. the infant Don Carlos, and seem-
lively to such Princes of his family " as the am-
.rress may think proper," until some of them shall
be found willing to become Emperor. These are
tho principal points of the new arrangements.
which afterwards branch out into the various de-
tails of the Government, the establishment of the
Curtis, the formation of a Supreme Junta, and the
plan of a Constitution. It is declared " that all inha-
bitants of New Spain, without any distinction of
Europeans, Africans, or Indians, are citizens of this
monarchy, and eligible to every office. according ti
their merit and virtue," a principle not more fi-
bres' than just. and well calculated to promote the
complete civilization of all the tribes of which the
population of that extensive empire is composed.--.
In order to were this order of things, a " protect-
ing army" is no be formed. which shall be deamel-
sated the Army of the Three Guarantee', as it wig
take seder its protection the preservation of the Kee
swan Catholic Religion. the independence of the cow
try ender the sew system, aid the intimate ankle d
Kurspeass sod Asostrietos. The Viceroy, O'Detliee
'elgard to nod two Commissioners to carry the troll
tethotbeettottisiKiagossd oSipreasdinyamildeottoioatirr. himi the
It istTC::l6ll.ll
