-sock demand and form such resolution ?

.Let sae, however, if II can, have the patience to
show; in its true light, the absurdity of these no-
tions. You see, Sir, how he has entangled himself.
Di'reived hy a false glare, this Gentleman, who is a
met, of talents, and an enemy of war and bloodshed,
•nd slavery and corruption, has become the partizan
of these things nhich have been the main supporters
Of these scourges of mankind ; namely, National
Debts wni Paper-monpy. lie appears to have
formed it ri in !heir favour, and to have dressed
: t, . 4
re
up seine pretty paratioxes'out of that theory. But,
thee are hastily dry.from the press, when the ruin of
Itglicultufe stares him in the face. nod asks him, is
this prosp:,ri.) ? Is 044 the happy effects of your en.
I ichivig xi stein? Nettled at this question, which 1
th: *sled home upon him in • way not to he easily
tto o.,(1 aside, he (low answers, that the farmers ate
liols alai ita!f-Iraitors if they do not obtain a fair
'awe hy force ; by forming a resolution to base it ;
nod he adds, that this 44 remedy is simple, and easy
of applies • !" Is it possible to be serious while
remarking ou such not. ?
To be sure, Sir, we farmers are men very careless of
oar interest*. We are persons very backward at
Baking eitoogh. Farmers are quite simpletons, who
will take. almost any Wm,/ that any body will give
them. They lIPIPf make any etiqoiries about ha* much
tan begot at one place more than at another. They
never refuse to sell to-day for less Owl they might
Mare had y eaterclay. They never haggle, no not
they, about a halfpenny in tneuty shillitigs. They
never expend ten shillings in horse-flesh, or shoe.
leather, or time, iti older to get half.;-crown in
price. They tiet,er, tift,er.driuking ten grog.: over a
deal, split a illlfereocato the amount..of, a shilling.—
They never, after hearing from their neighbour that
he kilning to buy a flock of cheep, for instance, go
quietly home, saddle their, hatse. and make the put.
chas . in Iris stead, leaving him to enjoy the mental
benefit of his disappointment, and the bodily benefit
of his journey. No: tilefdo none of these things.
—They are a simple, easy raceof men, that know,
poor fellows, vety little about getting money, and
.. _ .. . _

and less about holding it fact after they have. got it.
They are so frank too: They tell alt the world how
Much they give for their land, and how much they
make by it. If they haven good bargain in their farm,
they never attempt to disguise it from their landlord.
They never assume a poor mouth while they are
boarding up money. If selling you a horse that has
a latent disease, they are sure to apprize you of it ;
and, if you happen to offer them, through ignorance,
more for Noy thing than the thing is worth, they
never fail to refuse to take it, and to endeavour to
enlighten you on the suhket. They never sell a cow
ibiltva bosom., calf by her side. They never co.
operate with the butchers in killing a pig, or a sheep,
to save its life. They have no foresight ; no thought
for the morrow. And, then, they are so totally
divested of all pride. They never, happening to he

Churchwarden, white-ons 1; the Church during the
year, in order to have the deed recorded for the pur-
pose of sticking their names in the record over the
Church door, that all mankind may he sensible of
their consequence. High-spirited, as o ell as simple
in their manners, they never, no nut they, lick the
dirt off the hoots of their landlord, affect to relish
the wit of his steward, and to admire the beauty of
bet Ladyship and of his liot►our's children, while
they are, if their purse he full, insolent towards
all the rest of the world. But, the character-
istic, by which they are dis.iiiguished, more than
by any other, is thnt with which we set out ; namely,
a yfryness, or bark e artiness, a sort of silly con-
scientious scrupulousire'ss, which prevents us from
asking as much for nos. thing as the thing is worth.
But, still, wheat did sell for 255. a bushel, and
barley fur 20s. not many years ago; and that, too,
notwithstanding this silly conscientiousness. Now,
whether the 15s. were "demanded" by the farmers,
or whether that price was offered them, I will leave
my Correspondent to decide ; but, certain it is, that

. .
they took it. That is to say, they took all that
they could get, and so, I assure him, we do now.—
What a strange idea; that the farmers are able to

force a price ! to compel people to give them a cer-
tain sum for their grain ! What a barbarous notion,
to suppose that all the farmers in the country would
be able to agree and to co-aperate in this way, or in
any oilier way, and that too, without any law to
binl them ; a notion that would have been thought,
ibsurd, even in the ages of the thickest darkness.
If it were ask and have, as this gentleman sup.
pores, does he think, that the yeomanry cavalry
gentry woeld not still trample on the Jacobins and
the old women and boys? Does he think, that they
would, with piping tone, call for a 66 mug of mild
ale," instead of the dozens of bottles of port that
they called for. faith Hector-like lungs, in good anti-
jacobin times? They are now smarting fur their
deeds of those days. They, more than any other
people in the country, even more than Brook Wat-
son's Mansion-house subscribers, were the cause of
the war against the French Republic, and of the con-
tinued prosecution of dist war. The army and navy
Lave been crowded with their sons and dependents.
They drew forth their swords to destroy all who op-
posed that war. The war is bra, and they are pay.
the cost of i►, while the piper money has been so
