THE STATESMAN.

objwctient to the tax would be removed, if it could
be Antntil posMble to discriminate between'permannnt
propertik and annuities or rexcnue derived foal
mere pertonal exertions.
The R?solution was then put; and carried.
The Thanks of the, Hall were, then voted to the
Lord Mayor, Mr. aithman, and Mr. Favell, who
severally returned their acknowledgments.

at the money, of -the the country as the other, he would.
merely mentions that the Whig -Ministry increased
the lltopefy Tax from fit to. 10.20kr cent. • They
were more to blame -than the; otlitif party, because
the Whigs had always told them that the Tax was en-
teit.,, whereas their opponents said that it, was a proper
tax, and Imre they were undoubtedly the more honest
of the two. When this Tax was first proposed, Mr.
rGeorgeTierney stood up in his place in Parliament;
• ------13112reFf !dais Or.
and said it was so unjust and unconstitutional, that
the people of England would be justified in taking 'lna MEETING or AgSRMRLY of the MAYOR, AL-
op arms in resisting it. But what did the same Gen- ' -
1119); RotlitteNCiandly (11Orstitun,r ennttuhigi 'lit% a --esul ‘intiliZ,
rtleman say when he was Treasurer of the Navy ? 'et ihe.Guilithatt of the said. City,.On Tuesday, the 13th
j lie then made an able, but not quite so animated a day of December, 11114, $
Resolved unanimousy, ' •
[ speech, in defence of the same Tax, in which he
thought fit to declare, that those who lived in the . IL , .
111/MAT this Common Hell bas reason to believe
that it. is in contemplation:to .proporie a continuance or
.first llourrought to remove to the second ; thosc who modificatimi of the Tax epee Isseoms. cosoomitly called the-
were ill• the second, into the garret • and the last of iPorolary
anlt
iie.,,,elitehd..zdir,, th:iitiztrise..A:42
moutgr.Letts;
sill; totolhe street. Why, the Whigs granted more
pensions in omiyear than their opponents in seven.— the mid Ttil sfioard cement a Beget! Period alter the 'elation-
thin of the war with France. •
"[Call of Question.]' ' • - Resolved unanimously, That the Livery. of London have re-
peatedly, by represerantioos toil]. lien. Ilouse of Commons,
Mr. D. W. I.lAftrqr, of Colchester, observed, that and otherwise, publicly dechared their abhorrence of a system
if'there was one subject More' thin any other calcu- of morainic, so evidently partial, oppressive, and' uncimistitu-.
timmi. •
slated to create diinnion upon an occasion when it- -Resolved unanimously, That the partiality tin 1 injustice of
warmest important to Presenreamanimity, it was an this Trix is manifest, because Isicoine, which lorius the ba-is of
allusion to the merits and demerits of rival political eitnaski=e3 of shortts isitsar:iroedn alerfastacgc";rraionht
temporary
p
it'oroutureyriUd and
tliiititin:
characters, with respect to whom it would be difficalt ali oe solllllCell Of personnl industry, are assessed in equal lora-
to find in that Hall two opinions which would not be portion with those derived from certain and perinaoeut pro-
discordant. They were assembled there, not to re-
vive past discussions, not to balance the ciairns:af PeßesoY" !wed othinimonslY, That the preceding cno.ideratisais
would of themselves form an insuperable objection to this syo-
different public men to public confidence and esteem, I se"" talm. i. but these constitute only a small part of the-
but to consider the propriety of petitioning '
flouters of which we complain, comprised with the tirbi•:
Parlia. !Cry,' inquisitorial, and unconstitutional powers vested 10 thi
meat on the.subject of a great national grievance,— . Commissioners. and the endless and venntious assessments and
• Imirenortei with which we sire harassed by swarms of interested
tzipplause.]—lf, then, and he was happy to find
! Surveyors. Assessors, anti Inpectors. • • '
so little contrariety of opinion, all were agreed that 1 ' Resolved unanimously; That. under the arbitrary and. inqui-
.in principle the tea under consideration' merited tsibirsul authority of these Commissioners; persons are coul-..
iv:.
i Pekd hi submit tonu.s.iliating* "
and vexntious disclosures, sub
every reproach that it had received, and if, oti is-
er.ive of every prioc..ple of freedom, and incompatible with
tending their view, its practical operation cos., the rights of Englishmen; nod, even after such degrading sub-
resonded to the same description it would be wise I milli"' the Commissioners, 1101 • uurrequrately, confirm their
p ,
iwith
one arbitrary nssessmessts in direct opposition to statements
4 not to suffer any foreign subject to interfere ; produced, and olPred to be veritied upoa oath; against which
their decision.' Their opposition to the tax stOo4 ,[ assessments they have neither remedy •nor nppeal,"iii law or
lispon.t wo strong grounds ; first, its inherent principle ; i eatutityrtramashuiiamanditeartmattrypstettroiritlismiaancreis, itt must
rbtea odb:ips,
!and, secondly, the contract entered into by the log credit. must make undue returns,aein
raidrrsuobmurtptaa Glut: 100.--
I people, that it's duration should not only be tem, fitgunents9 rather than encounter such an inquisition. •
Resolved unanimously, That the instances of venation, op,
potary, *but limited. 'Upon the oppressiveness of preemie, and injustice, resulting from this system, are not tem-
Atte tit itself, it was scarcely necessary to enlarge; porary, nor oecssinnal—not the cases of a feu victims, our
without adverting to its inferior agents of assessors ileyvbfiles:ccurring.n pervades eavtesrinceorteb
itlm:viiniel'lPdwitt t he
every
taa
and inspectors, what wits the character and conduct I is, by toms, hmassedyucod oppressed by it—an netire a arid:
[of the Commissioners? The CoMmissieneri,empower- i trary loqui,ition, with its it:microns agents, are continual,
A4l to administer oaths took. evidence •according to !tiro..
watching aver the progressive industry of, all his Majesty's sub-'
s nor can the unfortunate enterer calculate upon any ter;
t,*beir own discretion,, refacincor imposinff the oath, . misMtion of hit ,ppre.,,i.sns,. for one unequal coptest'm hth these
as they .deemed the statements of parties tolits-siltling I- leipnajtiara is scarcely ended, but tie same scene is' again re-
! or relevant; and then sitting on the case themselves i
2 i af'R%es'olved unamiouslv, Ttat these evils are inherent in the
in the capacity of a hill, from whose decision there ' Very p.ri!ociple of the ',lx, and not to he remedied by anymo-
was no .appeal.— tipplaisse.l—But whilst he at- Vagtillk at;. I, however it, may hive been home undee theseli-
tacked the system of taxation, let it n",t be supposed I crrcuaial:tenesok,es riteahreencyceweedloauarrluni/.seirottiLduaZutiri,atiiisiviretratirrs:
for ;obnoxious Taswould
-filet he was, therefore, prepared to attack the cha- t sorting from it have been so grievously felt, the renewal of thou
racier of all the public men in the country,be altogether impolitic and linpractleatdei
especially at a time when the people sire :111%4;114Y expecting A
. many of whom he entertained the sincerest esteem, 1 dinsiontisin of their bur-thins. and a reformation and retrench-
' thallisr;suorl;vlt upanaitroe
: arid' more especially for those who in difficult and tu. intent in the ouWic expenditure. . .
MUitUoUS times had stood by the people, andstemmed i 71t);.:,mTio":itiim,
a hrunetbilistn
rube
hetpresentedtattatotatig
1 the torrent of arbitrary power. Most of ell, had these mutters Mb, their serioustousidernita.Yeilio reject any
he been surprised to find in the number on the list of
1
the last speaker, a name which; instead of being ' ;it..
weenbititta that rimy be ari.cletpc the, colithrstance,lr rreesval;
anycedar mudlfiCatton, of the said grievous and oppressive
held up to reprobration, would for ever be associated I The Draft ^l. a Petition to then". 1.14;1416 :14 Commons be-
with i the love of freedom in the hearts of Enlish . lug read, was iinanlmnu,ly agreed Pi.
g. •.
Me -d l Resolved unanimously, That the :•aiit. Petittor be falrly Iran-
r (he meant Lord Ers. kine), 'Who, when the man whose scribed, and signed by tsTo Aldermen, and twelve 'Liverymen,
i marble statue now stood-before them (Mr. Pitt) had , add presented to the House of Cinnatoos-by the Representatives
! armed. every power of mischief, and set in motion lof this
unanimously,
. ,
.. S .
.:
T..at a Coritminee be epeeinted f'a
thevery engine of corruption, to- attain his ends, watt . die utpote of promoting the object of the said retailed: ...
'

toniiiimousl4.l, Thai the Repre,entatives for °di
Cito la Pailiameni he and are hereby iestructod te'support the
tiirriyer of the said Petition.
tinunintotigv, That the Thanks oithis totnaten
11411 be given to Robert Whithoute, Esq. for theigeal sod
ability with which he ti Nought forword and cooduesed the
buniiris of this day, ns well as for his conduct in Having brought
this subject under the consideration of the t.f.art of Common
Council, and for his indefatigable exertions upon that, and 'all
other occults's., where the rights and interests of his Fenor-
cisterns nre'rocicerised.
'Resolved antiniintoply, Tit-it the Thanks of this Common Hall
le :given to Samuel Pavel, Es for his able and judicious mu-
fti he lecoodina the busine4 of this day, as stcU. is fur his ex-
'airsf apes utll7.c ncisviiuts. • ' - •
• Resolved instaiimou.sly, That the Thanks ur this Meeting be
Indented to the Right Hon. the Lori, Mayor, for his readiness
'lii calling ibis Common Hall, sad for his impattiality in pre-
sidiog over the debates of ibis day. •
IVOODTHORPE.

on [marks of di.vapprobalion]. -
- I y . ,
able b his own unshaken courage and inestittgaish.
Mr. ileNt, of •BsiStol, said he should not beetle- -irbtelttee of liberty to disappoint them, and in that
, .
trailed upon the notireo the meeting, after the ehte4llEsoppointment to assure and confirm the rights and
manner in which the motion bad' been. brought fo- i independence of his coontrymen—[upplascce].—
vaid endtetoncled, but that he theUght'a few tepies : Certainly,:if ever there was a scheme well fitted to-
ought to have been under discusiinn that day which''
f epare the mind of the country for the reception of
had not been touched urion. It hid been said, thit: Taney, and gradually to bend them to the yoke, it; t;
the war with America was a Popular war ; an he was the tax on property, botb in its principles ands,
was afraid that it was so. It bad also been said iis Idetails: It might be, and had been said, that it wasl
another place, that in objecting to ap unjust and its-' necessary to carry on the American war, but it Wall
crtililtorial nu, it was not Incumbent, on those Oho I for them to take care lest they should lose their proel
made Such objection, to poirienut any other • tax ht perry first, in order that their slavery might 64414
its room. But the fourteen millions which the Pro. after, and that unjust and foolish wars should not he'
perry Tax yielded, could not 'so easily be Made, up by. made the pretence for imposing upon •them' unconsti-
any other tax [expressiois •of disapprobation]. He- tutional and intolerable burthens—[applause].
wished them not to mistake him; no man more ab: I The Resolutions were then read, the question put I
bored the Property Titthan he did; and if they i seriatim, avid cart4ed in the affirmative witheat a 1461
would Partently ?Wan to'filai, he would point out the sentient vote. ,:1
means of effecting such a saving as would reader this On the motion for presenting a Petition, NW
tax unnecessary. One of the chief savings would arise WAITIIMAN again stepped forward and made several
from the abolition of sinecure places and pensions.— observations on the impropriety of mixing the cha-
nt' would read a short list of a few pensions to them, ratters and merits of public men with a question the
1,-hich he hid made out last night from the Pension I final success of which demanded the hearty concur.,
List ; end in this list he had included writ of the reuse of alt parties.
prineinsi .personsollboth parties:in this country, I He then :noted a Resolution, the import oe'which
Whigs-and Tesler, hs they were Callid.—Krfaa cif i was, that'the Representatives of the City be instruct-
reuri, . re*, I—.ln this fiat would .fie foetid, ' tlie red support the said Petition in Parliament.
Duke of trikon, the Duke of Richmond, ' the Sir W. CURTIS professed his readiness to give sup-
Margolis of !Buckingham, Lord Grenville, the.Ead port at all times when he could consistently with his
1
of Buckinghamshire, Lord Bathurst, Lords Robert. judgment and conscience to the wishes and interests i
and Hugh Spencer, Lord *Arden, Lady Grille, of his Constituents. lie would again repeat what
Alitt. Addingt6n; Mr: Binge Bathurst, Lord EN?' he had already stated in public, that the principle of
*: sithie, rod Mr.
,POnsonby. He had • made .ii short the tax on property was most objectionable. _lt was
.citeelation of 'what Was paid to about 20 individoalit, adopted, 'however, at a time when it was deroned,,, ,Pith PaPers to the 11th, Gottenburgh Mails,
Gave
lithieh was little shod of 200,0001. The sistiftdrawn indispensable; and they ought to consider now, u0t.«.4. - •• ,
ty
by these great stares of State would support 5000 fa:, rnerelywhether it was desirable to get rid of the bor. •• , rankfort and Bruusels Papers to late dates, h
tnilies the year round, at 15s. a week each. The wir then, but whether the same necessity for it still cond. been received. We subjoin extracts of the mostim-
with America
re was only a pretence for O . nlinalpg the .rioed.—[Hisses and murmurs.]—They had contract-
.firrtant articles. In addition to the statements in
ee. Property Tax. The were at present not fewet thsiti4'ed adebt, and would they refuse to pay it? IfeAlw regarding Continental affairs, which are not
150,003 soldiers, end 500 vessels kept op in cause- I knew he was addressing an assembly of intelligent,s rerY satisfactory, we have one, which a contempo-
qrsenre of this American war. It was not only ni.- honest men like himself.—{Aload latsgh.)—lii:' • ry says •it derives- from 't great authority," re-
cessary to surround the American coast, hat also to hoped he was addressing persons who were aft.. Ming
ating to the Emperor •of Rustics,.. and which, if.
keep a' large fleet along the coasts of Nova Seotia I ashamed to be thought honest, and who,.* well
and the West Indies. "If it were not for this teat, he, paid their debts. Were not the debts of the no-true, is, indeed, of gnat importance. It as.
there might.he a sufficient saving to prerkot any More ' tion likewise to be paid? He certainly never would ,pegs, that the Emperor Ai.xxannxii .." has . de'tei-
money •biing drawn frOm the pockets of 'the peoptc receive any-positive injunctions as le -the conduct !Seined*to quit Congress, and assent • to-the feriseht
He wished to put them in mind of Dr. Janson's whiCh he ought to pursue in Parliaments but should.l•ond long urged prayers of a brave, free,lsut-cruelly
well-kno'syn definition of a Pensioner, a Siete hire- leave*that to be guided by a proper coutideration. of i ... .
people," meaning, we suppoin,the.Pides.
1
ling, paid for -betraying hit country:— '. - •' , the question when it should come tinder discussion. sacrancen
- in Britlin's Senate be a seat obtains, ' Sir J. Snaw.was 'as averse as any Gentleman pre-
I It is further added, that this' measure was accelerated
ft Anitone more pensioner sr. sripheo ono* ..-1 sent to the continuance of the Property Tax; and by a proposition for Russia to render up her former
'Last year our expenditure amounted to 116Milliene; unless Ministers, should a renevral.of it be proposed allotment of Poland, riot for the purpose of re-
our National Debt, which, at the beginning of the (with the probability of which he was not acquaint- establishing the political existence of that counts3';
war, amounted to two hundred millions, was oiswi eel), should make out a case so strong as to compel but that " a new division might be made between
thousand "milliOns. They had it in'tbeir 'poWer to stouvictims of its necessity, he for one would giye i• , • '
• der and the former partitioning Powers which' bj .
give a tone* to the feelings. of the country ; and he' his opposition.
.tendering the different portions more equal,, would-
, , . % ,
hod no doubt that petitions would he ponred in from Mr: Alderman Araixs called the attention of th T. .r.
-all parts egeinst.this unequal tax. They had heard a Hall talhose great political.difficulties and events ilk tend more eirectually to repress the Ashltl.-etilidik,,.
good tielA Of the maritime rights of the country; but which this tax had originated... To those difficulties peodence "
'-
• • " .‘ Wit .1..
the; oejhtto take care that these rights were not had now succeeded a war with America, The justice Vile have no accounts Of the Russian toperor
nrsifeilde throngs. If they gave Ministersapower to -arid necessity of which were still mere certain and, living actually quitted Vienne ;- brit if the above
cause
b+ .
continue the war, it was in vain to think the thie 'generally admitted than those 'of the last: Bed of
tax could be abolished. To show there that of the the principle of the tax was, as applied to trade, *element be correct, there is *bon for dant
twO great parties in this country, nicknamed Whip knew of none that was generally less oppressive, cer disgust at this assembly of 'Princes, notwithstanding
- and Tories, the ono let were as reedy to grasp taiely nose that was-vo produrtite. *'Many of hi all their Carousals. There is something very ines-

lirt. Mahe.
UT'
. +j. ' . Hamburgh
France
' o.y Atalta ... ........ ... Al. I
Rutland' .

ioltilCit OF STOOKS TI fill
Bank
9 per Cent. fled. 651 f
9 per Cent. Cons. •
I 'per Cents. 920
• per Cent. Navy

DAY• AT ONK 0 CLOCK
Law. Aaa. 16 5-161
tail& Boa& 16 p
ktrhaiver Hills 6 p
Osmium In
Consols for Ace. C 7 6i 7

. ,
Inungitymiort ,DFCBIIIIIOI.. 14; .Int.

.y

,

,

~.
