!trimmed by in the castle of San Anton, was
t.t.satd, and bri,U4flt iu triempli through the town
by his then succ••edo*l u scene of confusion
which I 'hall unt soon furget—vaiiilus parties of fish
and maiket.women paiadine, the Oleos in one part;
some with flags in another part, headed by a small
party of troops with drums and trumpets; others
again preceded by some person beaiiog a religions
enibl•m, ail loudly crvin4, the King and
the Religion ( Virrt el Roy y la Reisgion)---L-and by
the most violent language and gestur•s. compelling
tnery n e to take off their hats and juin in the cry.
This continued till about noon, u hen the-town gra.
dually became tranquil, and ha• continued soduriug
the remainder of the dot. ti-e course of the af.
rem nova I has. seen tarinui eftietis conducted by
640311 It titles Of Stli4llPr• in poison, being of the in-
oartectionarit part) , who have not Wien able to escape
-how the Hoye, party: Another illumination has
~-.4ampn marred through the towit. The preparatory
'• ••• strands of people walking in the street/I,
..:4orties Janeiro/Ail fandango with castanets, the in-
'. Siolont ringing of hells, and discharge of bre.works,
IN all that Is Interesting ; nor is there any reason to
apprehend any kind of tumult. I have walked
'vetoing round the Alameyda, or ramparts, which
dr* mannt.ti by the Hoops with remained behind this
morning, being in slumber about 500, of all arms,
and principally commanded by the Artillery Officers
bofore-nontioned; the gates are all shut, bridges up,
and sin person is permitted to leave the town ou any
account.

All the vessels in the harbour have been closely
examined and searched, it ;s supposed in the hope of
finding Pottier concealed ; but it is. pretty certain
that be marched yesterday morning at the head of the
troops, for Souiiogn.
From the windows of my room, which commands
a view of the harbour, I have seen the boats plying
from owe ship to another, mod occasionally going to
the castle of San Anton (which stands on an isolated
rock at the entrance of the harbour), apparently
to place there some prisoners.
This day, for the first time, the friars have shown
themselves in the streets, Porlier having plated guards
over the mona►teries, and forbidden their appearance
in public.

What is to be the result of these movements it is
difficult to conjecture—to-esorrow something will be
heard of the Santiago expedition; and on Monday
letters from Madrid hi show what has been the sen-
sation there, on the receipt of the irst intelligence of
the insurrection. If the termer should be unsuccess.
ful, and there should .1,,t be any mutemitt in the
other parts of the empire, calculated tr. support those
in this quarter, I think it m iy be con .derr-ri that the
proceedings of this day amount to a counter-revolu-
tion, and that, for the present, matters will rest us
they are; on the conttary, if Porlier shoal.] be se-
conded by the troops of the other parts of the king-
dom of Gallicia, the flame will rapidly spread, and
• short time will lead to the final aceomplishment of
the avowed object of the insurrectional.) party : an
object so just and so necessary, that nothing hat the
blest inveterate determination to submit to every kind
of degradation and slavery, can make the people of
the reentry blind or indifferent to it.
The thinner in which the revolution was brought
abbot by Pettier and his friends is not a little cu-
✓ionerhe belonged to the liberal party (liberates),
so timed In contradistinction to lie servile or dearer.
tic party (asrviles); and like most of the leading
then who had served the country, he was imprisoned
of the mergence of his services—he had obtained
permission to go to Ferrol, eight or ten (la's ago,
instead of which he remained in this town to arrange

OS plan of the iosorrectiou. On Monday ovouirrg
last it *a intimated to him, by one of his Officers,
that if, before the next day their intentions were not
carried into effect, it %mild then be too late; he ac-
cordingly took his measures at midnight, and be-
fore three o'clock of the morning of Tuesday, Capt.
Peon, of the Caesdorrs or light company of the regi-
ment of Santiago, with some ?0 or 30 men, had ar-
rested the Captaie.General, Governor, Corregidor
or Mayor, and an the other authorities and obnoxious
persons, and lodged them in the castle awl other
places of security.
Porlier, or as he is tailed, the little Marquis (el
Alarquesile), from his small stature, not being live
feet high, honorer he may be deficient I. size, hal,
at least, shown himself possessed of tolerable spi.
tit, and w orthy of the support of all good men of
every country.

Sondsy morning. Sept. 24, Il o'clock, A. M.
I have been walking round the town, and find the
gates open, and tho communication with the country
free as usual. The Captain-General, Sr. Mareq,
pu-
chively asserts, that Punier is taken. but most peo•
ple here doubt it ; and from general circumstances I
am of that way of thinking—they are very busy at
this moment singing a Tc Drum in the grant 01.101,
fir their escape from the 6' perfidious attempts w Irish
have been made." I have i.lllO been tearing two or
three Proclamations, calling no all those who have
atty arms to present themselves to the Government
forthwith. An officer of artillery, who has had the
command of one of the battplies during di, night,
bas just told me that they al? ezendiogly disg:tried
to find that no troops have arrived in the toult from
other parts to th assistant:el

Loisirs de Bonaparte, or the Privat,: Mart of
A'apoloots. Various reasons are assigned for the ap-
pearance of this extraordinary work. The reel nio-
tive, however, we conceive is pretty apparent from
the following precocity lines:—" This publication '
will not have the eclat, nor mike the noise which
French frivolity has always found a pleasure its at. •
tacking in my smallest action,. The sincerity of my
iekoowird4rnents, the veracity of the detnils, and
the result of what the French have seen of me may,
it is true, establish my culpability in the eyes of the
vulgar ; but what matters this ? I bate no dread of
public opinion—it is at all times the slave of force
and genius. I write to instruct mankind, not to
justify myielf. I am perfectly satisfied with my own
conduct. I have been all that I wished, and every
adios of my. life has been done with pleaiere."—
Page 13. !rug- Editions hare been sold in Paris in
few weeks.
. ;tin, MARY ANNE CLAum has, report states, Fe.
tamed to North Down; having settled with her cre-
ditors.
