i° 4.- ' 4-

THE

"ntechine in a larger tittw, as is was in the Coseetits-
" hoe! Descending a little (in charity, we sup-
pose, to our uneducated minds); earravriog a littli
this larger view of tbe matter, he graciously cooties
-
muscled to tell us, that there was always,'in the House
of Commons " a strong corps of attack upon the
" Administration of the country, and, if there
" were not a mass of official personages to de•
fend it, the citadel of Government would soon
•' be destroyed; and, therefore, he contend-
" ed, that the office on which they were debating
" was absolutely necessary to the au .chine of govern-
" ment."—Now, whe►her this be a true desefiption
or not, of this machine, of this citadel, or of whatever
else this philosopher may call it, we pretend not to
say; bat we venture to say ; we venture to offer it as
our decided opinion, that, if this be a just description
of it, the sooner the machine undergoes some sort of
change the better it will be fur the country ; and
when we say country, we, of course include his MA.
Jsent and his family, whose real interests must be
inseparable from his people.—What a droll idea, that
there should be a thing called Government to be corn-
pared to a citadel, constantly in a state of siege! This
idea would be natural esuugh if re 'apposed an open
rebellion always to be in existence. But Government
is a thing for the whole people to love and cherish; and
what a monstrous notion it is, then, in this philosopher,
to look upon it as a thing to be constantly attacked by
the representatives of the people; and, which is still
more monstrous, that a part of those representatives
should be paid in order to defend this citadel against
the attacks of the other part ! This profound philoso-
pher began his career as a Parliamentary Reformer;
bat never did be, in his whole life time, put forth an
argument in favour of Reform so cogent as
this. The discussion of this question will do
a great deal of good, and we are sure the peo-
ple will participate with us in thanks to Lord
NORMANDY for having produced it. It is not
the 2,5001. a-year ; but it is the principle upon which
the thing has been attempted to be defended.—Wecon-
dude with remarking, that Me. CANNING was silent
upon an occasion so peculiarly suited to the exercise
of his talents ; but we suspect, that the Gentleman,
who is not deficient in point of sagacity, begins to
yell that there is a change approaching.

We lament to find that the Irish papers received to
centain some painful recitals of further outrages ;
the details of which we are compelled to omit. It
does not appear, as the Dublin Hondo:. Pool oh-
ser yrs, that the severe measures whirl boos beessear-
ried into effect la the Counties of Coritead Limerick,
have produced much good effect—on the seats►J.
Mute seems to amuse a deeper aid 1111014 malignant
hue, as if a motive of revenge were anperadded to the
pre-existing causes of these unhappy doings. lenient
measures, wherever tried, appear to have ;boo attend
ed with better success.

Paris papers to the 12th instant have wired. Sa-
turday and Sunday appear to have passed off without
any fresh agitation in the capital. The' number of
persons arrested on Friday night is said to amount
to 230. Some rumours were afloat that tbk schools of;
Law and Medicine were about to be illtessved from
Paris. No account is hitherto given of the fate of
Betthon, though The Alcmiteur asserts that do. Intel-

ligence from the West is as satisfactory as could be
expected. Another tumult, we are concerned to
learn, had arisen in Barcelona, and fur ea whits prey

tented a very serious aspect; but it was happilral-
layed without bloodshed. A letter from (Mesas,
dated Feb. 12, says, " You may rely upon it that
every thing is settled between Rimais and Turkey."
Private letters from Paris to Monday evening memion
the closing price of the Five per Cents. au that day at
M. 50c. ea din.

Foacrc.:l FuNns.—Those who are 'interested io such
things ought to be very touch on their gaited against
the tricks of stork jobbing newspapers. irides end ra-'
moues are continually hatching; nesetioasand of the
sharpest knaves in Christendom are incessantly on eke
watch for gulls ; every third man you meet within a
great distance of the Royal Exchange you may set
down for a shark that has a design upon some one or
other, or upon all mankind in a mass. Oar very
good way, just at this time, as to foreign affairs, le,
to discover what the Old Ti.oacs newspaper emote yen
to believe ; and then believe jest the efateary. I.
this respect the Ministerial papers nay be read IN the
same way. fe
Wove is a Stove ?—Some suppose only a preen., I
who is made to work, in some wry fatter. to
work at all, is nut essential to the alienates of slave.
Nay, persons may he very touch cherished, and even
beloved, by those to whom they are slave's. For, are
nut the women, in the Seraglios of the Dry of Al-
giers, his slaves' A man may he a mimicr and a
azne at one and the same time ; and, bow many cases
could we point out, in which the most gaudy, gay-
looking, hig-looking, hectoring, swaggering, thun-
dering bullies, who will hardly suffer their underlings
to speak above their breath ; how many cases, in
which these Hectors of Troy will, if they receive the
word of command, literally lick the spittle of crea-
tures wheat, in their beasts, they despise! And, are
not these hectors " slaves "? Ti., and the basest of
" slaves "; because they are slaves not by compulsion,
but for the sake of lucre and fur that of leading a
lazy life. Amongst those slaves, who, when out of,
the sight of their muter., assume all She airs of free-
dom sod even of loftiness, wo,find all the choice pimps,
parasites, and instruments of ontelty. They are the
very scam of slavery ; yet, if you nil them :latex, they
affect surprise and anger! /niece how they will,
however, they are, and they will always be called,
"slaves".
