-

IkIrRSMAW,

f Beer.
Alt even at thistooment there was& great siva, r;
in this country. True, tberewas some.fitieriv of speech
left, owing to the spirit of the people, het it was no•
tree that there was as much liberty here as ia America
1t was slso true that there were slaves in America, bn
those slaves were brought fn under the Govern.
elem. (In a late occasion, the United State* refused fa.
uti.7A a new state with the Union ntiless they totalla
abolished slavery in that state. The question of Reform
did not depend upon precedents, -and the representation
Ai the people onght to keep pace with the improvements
which were taking place in the human mind. He was
sore sooner or later that this question would be carried.
Mr. ARERCRO3IIIIE supported the motior though
with amsiderable qualifications. He thonelit changes
!night hr safety made in the Constitutiou, fir the Ulm-
-titation was in itself hut a series of continue,' inner
,vations. He was, however, an enemy to that sweeping
whirls would strike at the fundamental parts of
the Constitution.—(Hear.) Such a plan of Reforto
-.mild be more like a Revolution. If it was acted upon
•it would entirely abolish the noose of Lords. The in-
-sttence of the Crown had increased in this House, and
:herefore he thought the influence of the people ought
1.) receive an addition. In the same proportion that one
t.ncreased, so a °old he encrease the other, hot no more
loan that. lie thought three years too short for Par-
•illitents, anal seven veers ton long. lie would never
onsent to triennial Parliaments hut on condition that
the duration of elections was shortened, and their es.
eer.se dititini•hed. If elections were still as expensive as
they nose were, and to recur every three years, they
would serve ratter to encrease the power of the Cro w
than of the people.
Mr. F. PAIAIER said, no change bad taken place in
epiolons respectiii6 the necessity of a luil Reform in
this House.
Mr. S. Wt ORTI.F.Y Was disposed to give the How
Mower of this question every credit fu; the wanner in
sr .1 o •to he introdueell it. Ile Lizrerd n ith that lion.
Attlwr, ti. lit there Is ere many tiettiletreti returned here
by the influence of other persons, anti that many more
.sere placed here by ss hat he called the zorritption of
rower. Ihst be would not he carried earl; to the times
of Henry tie Sixth, to ire what the Constitute it %a<.
Its would not stop at that period slit n the disputes
be*to hetweett this !loose and the Cro, n. The ilutt•e
of 4.onumins WAS now %hat it was in those tittles. Corte
Castle and Ohl Sarno' were never in a different s:ott4ii-
lion Irmo what they were at present. The representa-
tion as it was now, eta- necessary tor the quiet of the
country. lii' eutite:r.le,i, that if Ilits I:,111•;e Was tow
1111103 r, there wonla he an end to the I ion,e of Lords.
(hose a leorees of sweeping' Reform %%ere only cairn-
I tied for a limi. Nionareliv, net.* the Crown wouhl
bier no power at 'ill 'lite influence °lithe Peers so
wucb
co!! p'xined of, was in the highest decree necessary to
nut Constitittion. But it was said innovations were nestle
i t the t'onstitntino trout time to time. This was trite,
but at present the only question was, whether or mot the
t;onstilittion could he improved by as innovati tn. Be
t.t.tught this House the must proper pl.tee for dieen
;up; the que,tion of Reforms. It was nut a fit sultitet
fete publ'e meetings. He wished the (location was d.s.
cussed user and over again, and be or, sore the pe
pie wool.' moot be tired •* r f rat. If the dehatt sof
thil night went to the public, they waled go far to
c Silent the istilslie feeling on tkis subject, lint it sq.,
cattielaitostl that this flutist. was deaf to the complaint,
of the ',envie. Ile ulid not quarrel with the House fir
that insensilii lit) ; for whenever a subject agitated rig
public mind, the il!cision of this House quieted the
Waleiteren cape& ti .0 was brought

de of this moor" against • ibis ' chiles of tlisloralty
`heaped open them by that Hod. tientkman. He held
in his hand an aceonnt of icarions divisions that bad
taken place in that House, bat at that late hoar would
tuly quote two, to prove the necessity of Reform, and
hoth occurred within this present Session. The first
was on the motion of the Marqness of Tavistock, a hen
the numbers were 179 against 324; of the former, 99
were returned for counties or populous places; while
of the 324, only 79 were of the latter description.
rite second instance was that on the subject of the
Army Estimates. The Hon. Member concluded by
saying lie would support the motion.
Mr. HON ETITOOD said, that although he should
vote for going into a Committee, yet he should not
piedre himself to support all his Hon. Friend's pro-
positions.
Mr. VANSITTART then rose and moved, that the
farther discussion of the question be adjourned to to-
morrow (this day), which was carried.
The other orders of the day were then tli-posed
' and the House adjourned at half-past one o'clock.

Isrammemolt"o". ,---..
•ails of the question, and wisliell not to detain those • imusett of his life' he should persevere la 'doh%
Noble Lards who were better qualified to take an es. duty; and be considered it a part of lids deity to op-
paasive view of the subject, be shonld only repeat, that pose ibis Bill. If any Hill was to be passed. it must
his opposition to the Bia arose from principles which be be one altogether diffeeent from this. It had been .
had eiulaarel ever since he had been able to judge for lot to oppose every measure of this. kind, whenever
himself, and which he hoped to maintain to the lest day such had been pros used. Ile bad always objected '
of his life. any Committee fur considering Roman Catholic claims.
because he never would hold out any hopes to Catholics
The Karl of DARNLEY felt the deepest regret at
which were not likely to be realised. When he talks
having had the misfortune of hearing what had just
of Catholics, he meant his Majesty's subjects profess-
been delivered by the Heir Appsrent to the Crown. He
ing the Roman Catholic religion. There was no mat
was not surprised, however, at the sentiments expressed
who r. treed more than be did the memory of the Lite
by that Illustrious Individual, however he might regret Hr. Pitt ; but unless that great man could satisfy hie
them ; but he could out help feeling some astonishment , •
vits_ at securities were to be given to the Protest
at those delivere Iby souse of the Noble Lords opposite, Church, he never could agree with him in any pi&
and particularly at the speech of the Noble Lord who •-ie had formed fur estettiling privileges to Roman
had moved the Atnenilment yesterday. The line of ar- tholics. It was his opinion that one of the first du
gnuient pursued by that Noble Earl appeared to him of a Statesman was to take care of the reliwion of
completely misplaced ; anti on being asked whether the country. The Government hall adopted th.r pill
system of religion that ever existed in any part of
speech was not a good one, be could only answer, that
it might be good, but it shouldhave been spoken a cert . world, and had given toleration and security At ,
ss, re
time to all sects. He declared that he shun
tury ago. It renew..., all those charges made against
'letter c•knsult the interests of religion if he were
the Roman Catholics during the irritation produced by
say that the Church of England should not be the
the calumnious evidence of Titus Oates, and when
tahlislied t Lurch, than to pass this Bill; and that
a Noble Lord had been applauded in !La' House fur say•
would he better to have a worse establishment i
ing that lie would not approach aI at hofic woman, nor none at all. The Noble and Learned Lord next cm
hive a Catholic clog or a Popish cat. The doctrines
the
°1
attention of the House to the scenes that overt
then charged upon the Roman Catholics had over and inthis country previous to the Reformation. WI
again been disclaimed on oath he thew, and they bad
ibe considered the laws that hail been passed agai
elven sufficient proofs that their oaths tt ere to he trusted. the influence of the Church of Rouse, long before
fle lead been also astonished to hear a Rev. Prelate state Reformation, he feit the utmost gratitude to the
that the Catholics still adhered to the doctrine that no mory of those great men who had• made such surf
faith was to be kept with Heretics. Had they not every forts to establish civil and religious liberty in
way disclaimed that abominable doctrine? He should land ; and frosts ;hose efforts it would clearly apt',
remind those Rev. Prelates of Ike declaration of Scrip. that the Reformation lived in F'atolaikki even whit,. ,
lure, that true l Kristian " Charity I.lieveth no evil," was under the dominion of the Itotiii,le Clitivdi. 1*
and tint it u ;.s against the trite spirit of Christian rim., one k.,ust clearly understand what supremacy was, I
rity to attrilatte to Roman Catholics a doctrine which it looking into our Statutes. It was 41efiord by an
t 1.14 well kstoki n they d repeatedly nd most solemnly of Philip anti Mary, which *eat to degrade the tvl
di, laimeil. ll'hen leeha recalled t.i his a
mitid that constel• people at Eatflivi't : and Judge Hale declared 111
!urinary meant the civil as well as spiritual jurit
lation of taint arrayed in fat our of the Catholics. When
,tines of the power that exercised it. Ti‘e Kum it
he recollected a Burke, a Fox, a Iv,
Hallam. ox, a I'itt, ' tholics now said they were ready to abjure al
Sheridan, a Doming, a ItotiiiVy, a Whitlire.il, and tl.at prculacies, except what regarded spiritual mar
illustrious patriot also hail drift atvii a hour life to the a 1 nt lee maintained that the oath was of such a
service of his country. irlititr scalier ivotilii live in the as left it entirely with the parties taking it, to dee
annals of Ireland. as long as Ltatitiiiie it,i.lf could what their allegiance was to he ; in fart, it unit
exist, whom he bad lately f,st is folliiu rd tic the : matters as thee stood hrforr, anti he wished to
grave by the regrets of all parties, at:•1 it 1,0,1* 43,4, why the person professing the belief of the Che
in the absence of the nighty spirit, suit rear,! do„. : Ettglatol, sh-miti airy a i.reater seretity than th
wLen man Catholic. The Legislature took care that I
to the 1 lace tel their Lordships' iti lihi•r ttlin,s,
tints should gi ye as much see why as Roman Ca t
he recollec rd that all these great novo considered it
king William resolved that Protestant liitiwi .
an art of jristiite, as well as a !ilea me of security, to
have Protestant Goverrinenht I and a solecitii 1.1
recore .iii die Catholics the enj voient of their rizltts.
in opinion wili the Mus-
h; fill ciknoklekl at cliff riug had been entered into between the Klutz and t e
try, that all 114.11,41aa holding public sitnatious ,
trio".b
trio, indlri!lital and the Iti,rht Rev. Prelates who up-
e Prot. stanis—that they slionl.l us eke Jrcl e
pose.; tee Kill. When alp.. he looked brfore hens, ems
reins' ersnsubstanairtion and kilter Popieb rites.
sale wit the least flisting&Cs•nl of his Slojesty's Mi. .4.
u:,le., a !voratin: the tor„,„"_wiwn he !whew the the Toleriti..n Art passed in favour of Disk
1.7i..(i11i by whom lie iv.' 5ur,,,,n3,0, lee felt eourdeet Orr were °Mtge.! to take the declaration strains
tli it sI t; rent a concurrence of talent hail uever drew udit'untliall''.. 15.1 it would be imPw'sibie to Ps'
noire:! before on one point. Thts union was not the c""riliainrY °lira!" 'as It wit' "I"' without
rd. ct of accident t as well might chance he !bought away the -lest mutt UPTI" "ti"" Arts.—The
ItiAlsts and the Act of settle—
.rut, provided II
to It ear created the world. It would never have taken
%march should he a l'esitestaat, each 1'r0t.7.1
?lace lia•I there been no 'remade for the (Onion whit+
nisters. A Protest int ratal.iliqli•iient was tie,

--......--
HOUSE OF LORDS.—TrEsoay, Aram 17.

The LORD CHANCELLOR presented Petitions,
from four different parishes in Leicestershire against
the Catholic on the table.
Mr. [licit matisoN, from the Comniissioners for build-
ing New Churches, presented an Account of the en•
peuses incurred beyond the provirimis of the 39111 of
his late Majesty.—La d on the table.
Mr. BROGDEN and others brought up from the C ,tu-
mons the Irish Judicial Offices !till, and several pri-
vate Bills, which were read a tirAt time.
Petitions against the Catlodie Bill were presented
frimi the Corporation of Kendal. in Westut:•rlaml, and
from the Ikatiry of lire -on nt.4l several other lleaories
The latter by the BiAtrio of St. [LAVA'S.
—I .titi on the table.
Tile Earl of DONOIIIHMOBE rose to rorrect im-
pormit mistakes which had inadvertently crept into
%011ie of the Reports of what had fattest from him last
night. First, when he presented a Petition front the
Catholic Warden and the Clergy of flalwar ; and
ti hen I.e adverted to the Resolutions of se-
spectable I ody of Catholics, those of the Comity of
Kerry ; in both cases the parties objected to th • part
of the Hill which restricted the intercom-le with Rouse,
"'terra% tl?? Reports inallc.rtently stated both to he in
fay..ur of it.—He was alsa represented At the conclu-
sion of his si eri•ls, to have stated that he bad uo
ob
jertion to the veto, whereas the greater part of lOW
he 5441 was inten.le.l to reprobate toot testi...llion. as
entirely none 33333 ry, and eiri-idereil as a heavy and
'unjust infliction upon them by the Catholic Cl
His Lordship added, shut 14014;4 stAn.a”g As Ise slid
with the public as the ash orate fur this iii •as.i., 141
th it House, it was important for him to bas• • the
grounds of his argument correctly indersto yct lie
felt hittise;f no less hound to state how jlt-t he
entertained of the general accuracy of Ow r ports of
their Lordships proceedings upon that inwor,ant
question.

CATHOLIC nil.'..
Tlio 1► .b.r of the Day for reettaist the a Ijottreel

pe plc. Wien the Jeio
beton. .Liu Loose, trry many of those who vicell
- the war by

Debate bavitaz beets teal.
The Dishy et St. DAVID rote to appo,e The mooed

.ir Vow delivering in top, tort of the Bill. If the
foe -e of ineg-esbenisedul opinions mut isujullices

viile4l,an.l if ttei% r:-.x,.11. there be A
COMO WO4lOllllOll. lonithi.lp WPM' 1111

for it where averse from the sisomeasoa te, •reishop , ~. aira.-. ... . ___
tri.ll.lrawing their cone lenfranc lz, re the llin'sters of remtia of the catholic um. Tit,. co•a-stital,4o of thus __ _ w
'T_
not • ea this judgment of the opponents of the aura- - ---
_ _
the cron it. Ile tlenie.l that the patrosaae of Peers
conntry, thoggh originally not ra.:lniirrly P•otestant,
sure. they at least viewed its dangers throneli a me-
in the iturnsialis was tallied to peetllliare I,llllln,eg, ,flee Act of 1;9:1, fir granting inelulgenci• afn
bad been fanned fro n the C•onstii utious Of Clarea.lon
,Bars. 'faith disrortea anal wag &lira their I,llu an Catholics and ulmerveil that this Statute prov.
and it IV:15I a ( et that very litany of the Members re
downwar.l4, by a eerie% of cheeks riven to th naothority
111111111 for bs.r4/14.11•I were amongst the sweat i..sle, en- What would he the toile lunueili ice effect of the Pius erictest oath to he taken fair the preoretini
dent Niendters hi this He
)Ir. P•tt tr. ^f the PM'''. 45'1 c" ".""" by lint' laws P-04'.11 i" the rise admission to their bin of the Dn'ne of Nor- Rill then her.
Church and the State ; but all that proteen
hut when 1,, ' time Of Henry VIII. Since that perohl the ec-lasinti of
certai My a f.•ientl to reform in his youth;
!Catholic% from the enjoyment of Political power had I ,ronotves of the :set: ancient families; in the country.
, full., t lee earl of Shrewsbury—in all tire or six fere. to be taken au ay hy the
became older lie also became wiser. Ile(11r. W.) b d House ; anal I:c aslisal !sow it was possible
too much tesnert for the people to abiiil.e them of I become aa integral part of the Constitution. With re- lYis.,l•l their Larilships srrioasn, c ~,:ena shnt ar,. a.,„. ;new that they seloothl, I.y that Act, actin.
thr psi% nth hat hut at no period of our hist'', y vestal 1 I Vert to the per
toil!, he object! I tea it, Is valise it nt : would accrue t.• I hurtle and State from the, re- the R"fflan t:Ati"'tic 1.
ate " it I rehwis "'hi
lexisted ther• only by vend...ince. There
it ha' "limn that the people hail the return of the po
rters seem 'Arty to produce the ell.rt wane% the anp- i -n.ration of !melt characters to their rights? It had
%thole !louse of Commons'. There were alway• a err- i poter themselves had in view. Th.• seen::: vof nee hero :vise teal that a system ef exclustau has' aiway% than Catholic 194111V17 a; %._‘elli I" theh it
neon
number of liorongl.s to support t e prentgatives Church of Enalanl con 1•1 never h increase' he; ;rhino: existe.l., awl eas coeval with flatus !'harts itself. ItAl'hule't were I's "e, 4'll'l te'tlfe,l.' '3" -. r
of the t. too to, anal he hoped they would eolith:nit '0 be power to her rival, the I anvils of Ito on Iln objected tint lion.. who ''pleated aorta opinions f scant the TIT inert
to a Lill which was 11:1Iile to gin.
le ,t up. Ile condo :ed by voting against the motion. to the with propaed, he..tase the n tth, a. it noir store !. tia—e of Q• tern I:lll..i.eth. 1 hen neared might .he tiir•s• gut a this a ilia of e.'"i it;
I Lor , s heara any ilia; front the garter
Lor I BURY supported the motion. eaprented his real sentiments. lie 1110:011 to keep it vele .11 le sir consitiere,l the P pi‘h rein:inn as' inimical to her
Mr. RICHARD MARTIN opposed the motion. 'lse 'nob it. toil •Isimia faint,. it ;Inn „ilia", anr ::„,., i..ter,ti. sh.. w
i.
a"
__,
~. _ . e . . 1 . - i
it' 1 le% ter) ea lea r ; .se it ow to ae, veal to pr .set 3 tiro. that the Rolm
I iiis vats' l's favour of Cse Rill. Ile ohjeeted to the Hill.
Lord M I LTI/N conceived this tie be the mint hie- s.. it •1" . .
.. _
.. etas en,„ ra,„„,„,„„;„n.a hy tier P„pe. am! vet ilia slur les of that consi•ry considered it a bison, or
iWI .41101. lft.lllllgell tile „anat privinnie ~t the hose as .
portant question that voila come under din•ussi.ll. i n; ef tile Charch. ale I allowea th.. n """ ~„ 1.,•14.. itnue.e a Catholic Counsellon trT a Catholic Casestbanaer "'At te"`ied l" pr anee "ftellloll (Near,
In tlitt Ilowte variona deseripion% eel persons ulna :r- . to!
oat: upon the a:Obtain: of the Pope as %interior_ The of her beets ana armies? No. •lie iiisl 11. st even ex- Ilse supportess of in however. 114.1.111 rd revel
1 • the Rowan Catholics. sir old have the hook
piesentril ; and lie w ,eild say that the anomalous elni- on. tnir • appeared to him a comps...Tr anosnaty, farit . cant.. the rat India: fr on 1,i11:11K in Pat do nen!. n
railer of the Ilogse which Isis Hon. Friend lioyea 1,, I Nonl.! permit profesaort of a WiCinn. the iloginas of the Test Ad. pigLett in the reifies of Cnertr. IL A pm. ; the Kanter had rapresoril their elieslike to
.... , WWl+ WrIV 1104114. to the Faitahlislied Charch, to hold , Innis .tar In't :r tit anar.l agail:•t 114 affintinn aiv ••ere'rd as if they ''''ll'in—" have it you shall,
do away, was one of its greatest advaistares. lan. ,
sera in •'e at Howie witle•ett tiro ern eincine ties. 4.• litl 'I . 1
-11. i'eers sitneig to that House. It tva4 oil!! five s...ias you :Ike it or not." This reininl bins o.
was a qcestion h.• always approached with tear. A• as ; thed, ...„,1 is, the Rill. 1„•,,;40„. 'it „,0,,, lan Zo'•, ter hail read somewhere of a reef nit who a,
early period of lii4 life be had bet n in the habit of ciao ' ..,.1.:_.,5ai....,
a.
inseietiii.„l4 Roonan .i.e
e.,
ILI t
Ike, • afar:wank, :aft: r tier panic pro iucen ley she arnicy ot .
was meant by a cat-o•-aine-tnils.—aud los w
:littering that the Constitution worked well. but si"ce ' ii hiLt Ilse whole ten.leacv of tha pre:white: an-I esinistre 'rho. Oates ti: it .he us •asure had heen matte general.
that time strange event.; bail taken place in this coass. of their church went direetly is: in•hire •.y t a overthron• '
a, to :hie atm se, ..n of Roman Catholic% into the Hogs, • aq.°Fl ~ fit,
•r %tan en—" Oh ►! it will m eke a vol
try. We had seen that Hotta, acting in divert . ;T... !sae Cie !reit of Englan.l. lie ethjelne I ►to the till. Is •- tel l'onneion" it was tin- most absurd thisee in the • You* —,l'algliter•)--T" "'Jch a Pr'"erlitiC
&Won to flue wishes of the people. Ile hail %el I,v which se. Oa to ni en.,..- th•i. the • • •
ya.: I. rean-le, it
,t.ttal contrary to the ..1,-_ts of
.0 .i.,
ii, i .. , „I„„tn., ~i It land „ 0,1 ~ • .
1, i coots, n..ver agree, for there Was len princial
n quint rrheitan
.W. 14 declared toyer. it.e, and ions tole-vie s %%Lich c-entsl allow an act to
.ne- tint nouns Ineatan Catholic ropresent niers brestioa
I,ara that the t louse of Commons was to dictate to the •
move •1 the s••enrittes winch alone coal lis Is. •It 441, WM-/1 • . r ps 'his way. Ite n • let their Lonlanips sal
it e great. bunk of lat ,s I ...11W1.1•T‘ were runt-lanai. -.yen I .
people, instead of taking their instruction* lons IL nse. „.,t a soi,d.„.:„ey equivalent. I t was it:1;10.00)1e to run- . • ' . rti cc of this Will would he if passed into a I
i . t e . ninny a aleatn) with onside he was a...tenet-too ;
it the House of Commons did not speak the reuse of • troennite without at...srin the sunset ern.. Aof the great I were still to leave a Protestatit King, a
in 11-ei awl. ••• here sinne tre-s. great taineln•in of rich
the people, it was not a House of Comessior.--(strar.) ••!ian_e• which such a measure would en...et in a I.tem. a. IA Lieut.-mot in 1-elaa I. aaii a Pratesi
—lle sunk! quote the description given of it I.y wine), hail given the cons:try its ;erne: all stignity. The Ron-in Catliont• . lia aa. sue • that it 11-• Ca r wieliti re-
......•
lbw a• hot if the Protestant Chau:Aloe wit
oppo!...ies. asf the Billls.l, had 'been fre!rutly ►
pre..;'.! tor ;urn inly
...titer tint i
.inntestant rel.r.••...ssninves. Be-
klurke t--4. A prtititsning people, and an addrensian douses t atholie rolls:Agin% ansalat they alt,
nrooto of its ilangerou• truilenvy. II !ex: tak.l,l be won Is• tern it t•ie cone, aranve.y ow Innice . I ..ial•a"..' inns-
Kane isf Co moons." The Noble Lord then yawed remain lona in his sitnati .o a It they I
&inferno% than to :en pole teal ii ..ver t., pernens. ~ . ..ti% t 4 1S a. a 111:.; ist Le returne4l shosii 1 anrust tto
fattier pass.. era front Burke, one of them a raking of as mesa. forei • • • d•• ' • "I.al • I'leV • ' • •••,/114 proomaition to unto the event: -s to
0 hn 'nicer.'" "" e. t•, I si`s,•"l- ' than ' - iss ke AI: y,l ii,Ler• -, e!tange in Car Csalevi,itt:+,:•, the •- • ' •
Oen?! waging% ; anal county ineetinea nen. alsoaln give the securities reiperea. rota who wa4,-1 not at this way ; an %0 far frees itli pia
: ern. t tna:surilv sit tle • Leg i slaters aeu I n have the re. ! '
not in that day desnribed as mese farces.—(lear.) . in.. 11 swear to give those securities? 'as s. it traold create iealoasies anal tt
Prom all the inquiries which he hail been able to to .k, 1 The Duke of YORK rose wi:la the n.:nosit r..l3.•taaee • its tsiri: it4ll liaiats, awl 'Waist isoustali .teir rinist tel.+ I ilirt - ' , . ,•, _.,. .
ior w-aea escson its ! bog pracin. the inoivs
he could state, That the oreat in-,ss of th.• whistle class a .
to oppose the named readieg of the Wall: II•it iarre were , a .14:1,:t r: but he aec.ar.•ll Ile (-scold its•V. i .11%4C11{Cf any I , .s. • • lat as the ALt• 11
of society were in Caton. of Refor and referring to a I .r.s.iiaie itatearr 'Likely to arise trout this 1:13. lie dr. I the ' "rjhe "."°: l•
he l'?:1 r- ...
late county weight., he C.lnhl state,e that the erea,. nis_ i oenssions on which it Inseam: an holly: Intl no. to *4'1711 111.„.1,:5,t ow iz.,:aain t
athopiico
owed
Any
a;1eirt..0....
to , [nen it had iron sail in t: Itotnin l' inhoset
t • n• ....1 lt•s, lie •••••f%r th •• one:. •1 he rXria,leii frunn sittina i.i Ptrnainent; .r I
nonty of the yeomanry of the country to that ; as'ole, but to come forward, a.. ••..• • •
..e Amiga 11.itice. ,tit they did was to /holy 641
:Went wv, nees•ssary; and it Walt one of the alarm: sn manta which be eatertainnl. The pres...l7 he .%) snonre.! II his Aacesty was the bead
of their
church ; hut they
Ime the Bench. If •we were to hate Wen.
ti°l'"l"'e :i"tra that free" of the 'l Peacrair 'to be one of thin:, c:cattions; far wers net their Lor.l- 1 Judges, the nianicipal and thee ecclesiastit
N • had subscribed to ever t. necessary declaratiou of a9r-
•lntlnt-: enpreesed their opinions that there wag noth; ..• to i . , which were now so blends. 1 toeetaer coon
Blips eallea npon to sanction a meanie:, wui .0 it was 1 ,„.. e a d !or 't.• t th • '
b.- hopci from 'that House. In vccapiittlatina the detrain i II - • ' s.jue u-it 's s sit Sovereign' As to the 1 ''. lee exercised in a proper manner. Then -
ailmitten, crest by its advoneen, WTI ...t.`. 1 a great I ter part of this liens, he must say, that no secority whin-
.a. interetes which were represented in that notion In. . wining Roman Cetholies Into Parliament,
ft arvinhe mast say ;hnt there eras a Court interest greater change in the Conatitution esnthiiaii ..1 •tt the Ileroln. ever was necessary ; foe, on ail occasions, the Knnian known that since 166 S we had a Protestant ,
ante all the others; and this, he contended, Was as! tie I tinn of Itinn. al in the system which had placed his t Catholics had eviuced such a spirit of loyalty £5 pfJVCII I 'Protestant Parlianamit ;an i it was 'no p.m'.
re:Wags which they must remedy, or it woula be restin
1 elajeetY's family en the thrum'? When measttntei Iliod- a that no "et-whits whatever were required ; and the 1 any wan, that ha diet not hold all Ake of
anti fav them. Ns' lieliered that the opinion of the g r nit .n •, • , privileges the Catholics pos,eastaan the wan. I WWI politicAlrower : and he would gem deer
1 tilt had been etl I •
;aroma a a S.a.es nate.. to aro t.
"am ofthe people was that there ought sot may tie le,. Isr toprestos rincitinstanee of ng the eleetive fpm
to hit iinun- • trAnnlv would the y be attached tie the Constitation of
a clangs of wen, hot of neeasaree aiso. In aupport of i who hat rentieret the most eminent serviees . 1 . . man Catholics of Irelana in 1;93. was the foul
1 their country. Therefore he won!.l r•jeet every isle t ,
i'De neczasite for Reform, the :Sabi.. Lord atated,lltat on . try, he (hi% Royal Ilinbiness) had strenuously oppotwa tuat night's dehate—(attar, final—for one
of security, an -1 pass this gr,mt measure of poliev awl
a •titi•ion he that. noose on a popular 111"tiell 1 "i the !thesis, on a thortmeh conviction of their dangerosis ten- veer only gave else to fresh claws for entire po,
cnanty Slreeners for Ragland and Wa:rs, n. 6 had I oten ideacv.
Tier more he had since heard the sithject ilia
justice, without "Y condition whatever. Ile w.• Woman Catholic. were allowed to It in Varna:sew
. a one 51.1,., and a-1 on the odes. r, while. of hieroasts , ~
...
~ ,__ confideut that this indulgence mast, souutr or later, hr wiena he gitg thetas danlprstitva. op irsoath
!!clef there toted 1;3 on wee side. awl On the other : ce"imi• the amore he hall been confirme4 Ili n" Yi"1" I. „ranted. fleetest with the Omni% ot Enetami.....llf.prild •
, . ,
•si thus clearly evincing that itifinencr could be execte.l : which lie had then expressed. He had always:inner-nerd • arinnableerent ? lie fait tart his tartanyt W 7
ear the latter chen. • 'llsi. Noble Lord then revievred ' that the Clinreh of Evian,' was an iuternal part of the The LORD CrIANCELLOR began by notieing Nei s,.,,,,erned, and he no:n*lmi risk an? aileron
Ens state of sepresentrion in Seotland, which, rte noa- t onastitati,,n : 1,,a, ,;,,.,,
t it remain so. Wit let not what had fallen froai Lord Donioq:hinore on the former hazardous as thia. `what initalit hereaftihnfollow f.
n.r. Vil, was neither a representation of she ;anvil., nor of I thetr Loe,inhip„ imigine that he was an eneisiv lee tote flay, respectiag the opinion !;oven by hiunelf on* the was uncertalu; but ls til nitherth happene l
Fri .1211. Though far from apetevion- of the rime Prs" lion. Ile %Ismail always be hap; y that eyery see: shonla east reading of the Rill. He hail.felt it to be his duty toe posaetaion of power his !Oilmen Cathollea •
Posed by Me lion. Friend, yet lie Ibsen:lst that the iff At . have the fall exercise of its religiict, as lens: as It did at that time to ssate at Once, that he objected to Wee known to every . boil. Tim sues lead -
1"P".. *4 could '"IlY be ,14%ised by g"lng it"' al (*"*. ant :dean the security of the Established Chinch, and Rill : that in doi •titb f lt •di '
on ta , e e nn sort ot sre•pect the purest and heat Church in tholterlsl,..
io, ni the subject. • bang a, ns lornele. rs erniainea loyal "objects. lint there . pleteat toletatiou that ever teas Vont),
to the opinions -A those who supported the Bill. 'I he _, .n, . , . , Lao
• • 3lr. 0/11,11AnIS expressed him astsenishoirat at the was A treat stilt-rester between allowiur the Ger 'nenme best poatio.c tounnation tor sit a
en,. a•‘4 to -pit Noble Lard who last spoke lead said, that sooner or later be • 11 In k ''l liii
•••• es se. lir thee t imritotti he tie ilienn. 31enele..r for Icier of erligiew aionerautine oolitic:al power. • rt%. e cou ac no.v.to ge a. ►a
"al I.lViilrt 03:- 11. t, rile: ), and would derend the p. • I i.liaelt ioadeanate to the teals of euierlog into sue dr- 'n.: Di!! must be carried. Be it so ; but •to the las: ►persimian, but he could not at.knoniedie
. • .••
-

114
r
itts
op'
lust
bis
'Ter
1 to
)11(1
Ikea
reSS-
man
late
hitn
'taut •
4
)3,41
Ca- •
cies
[the
!rest
the
t the
mold
ref..
e E• • 1.
tat i••
that,
ille,l
urred
Whet, , •
;tins'
re the
e ut•
eh et-
Eng-
neat ,
1,. 4:1"
e r:.
, frog.,
n .11't
Wkstie
tat sit-
dune-
tn
all se- •
afters
nature
ermine Li I
ly 1,11 ,
• $
I:now
arch of
he it-
Prei •-•
th,...;
should
romp:art
t :omit-
t should •
trAth•Oth
t
t. W 11641 I
1
itte/Itrrti,
nut Iran-
psis'his
at doing
ISill vi !
that the
tt.,nt JI i-
ions prra-
a Root VI
sta.44 t
o Roman
sided the
is
lion was
.f,)re tb
e to Inc-
nowletlgst
hick owe
the it 1-
. .
l'rute.tant
F
eou:o
1.•11 oltj- I
•:r
kitszat.:4,
tau CAP. J-
-1 a tills:
dived th ,t
%Athol_
it. T /
I, wheth r •
of a st,.- f
tilted wit .t
whom this
ilatiteer
: as this b
slip of r•••..-
• he ros•
OhAt
I •w. f
pr.,tes• , I
'taut -
.ere ILO Lk"
Row hew :a
beam
I all tlis
icing satin.. 1 •
I.laentiolt ; •
i,lual
it..rof them.
rs shout! !int
from sitting
nan Catholic
tics! powers
could never
as to ass.
it was we!!
t King art.! a 4 •
rnishment
trust or ,r f
dare that this
ise to the
foundatie:. . i
t access:on
ire po.ver.
t ••
irwstions I''• 1.•
wild this b •
was ales t i
ar:fir-fri"
with the
114A1 WA%
KL religion- .1-
t of the P0t.....n
r a bisitsy. r
. •
•
•
