- -.
- •"` tx .: ' . •
e
t` .. 4r. '
1

force with those who voted fur the escape of Ilse
greater offender, hot when he, for Nit, thought that •
the greater offender ought to bate been rarities•
stet), punished, it was perfectly oonsi.sout in him to
wish also the punishment of the smaller ofeetter.'
'rise other point was the severity with which this de.
Unguent bad already been permiebed. Teel awed es
have been greed when Forgoes, was ordered lo be
taken into custody, and obese he wee ordered to be
Committed to Neonate. Bet abs gaeadas beer aM
whether Ferguson ought .to be alimiesed -from. his
office of Tes.gatherer, which aeon he had muds owl
of to corrupt a ewer fee ***abet 01 Parlialhowy.—a.'
By negativing this settee tree ea Address, the Hesse
would *Sem the peproitioes that sit pesetas mi.;
?toyed in collect*" the ewe might use ell the In
fluent* they derived from sbeir Adios to ,procal.
• .Members to be ertereeri,lloserliameat. By. Few.
Ilfain% 04, a aceowodilettAltek.lo 6 Willer in ,
. Glatiorr ;- hit iiit4iO4-nrot .Ma -1411peare, oat se a
private chary...el hesll Colia** "f..Taaes.--(No,
se liT—Geotsiely it could not be "aid, ' bet that bissi•
tension gets great pliesibility tat eiNS36II. that be
Yoshi be able to alike owl his pie sod precer•
log same Alice for ilk. DAM it 04104° hibie"
In Wed, that a Right Hott..Geatiemateht •ois Sae
written to,, to prorate a sit/patios fit Mt. Dykes.
1,0•00Lleir 114444.1INNII0NO,essibeiCisp.iwoliwogrlittlitatherrizolieWholee,
i :be ea iastreetioa tool., Gitelman tb mete an
so News regimen from his ogee.: Be WV
e .
Oli Pelimstipsoetigw.. lible motion come as.
e
eesaileateetteat 6010 Ibe. gesetisittels. . wee had beee
tt.,...,. ease of ewistediapottf. whll the purity of
es, ion tibia •the pilot Iteallmi was Het t.•
.. :11111171,01111 1141"thAleilifigisb"glop. of
el liWillOPrcesterais. , The
firstw a s
tMease
••
Ito
filmoimiltimeaCregropioanosit
bism.baseen, Malaga
Spooner woe
taiteuffivskim,the salary of which was 1001. e.yeer.
t: what e dillies...a ,betvteen the penishmeat in
n ~ • t
SON g that nes' proposed. requite did
f
1 4162 11 a able Lord (Folkestone) had asserted,
r, in his especity of Surveyor of Tares,
( . Iwo the objeellosable letter in his &laird
t. • bet serve
,awahfroiewilaisde.i.4.. TH::::.:sit
t:
... wan
t su r n that
ailt
and
.. . bycv:iihrßlitea
„tor, to procure an Election. He was or•
to be en into custody, bet he was not teat
& •
I • Newgseetead ea Address was voted to take from
I'
•Ms Siteition in the Cottons. The nett was the
j.l, sts et therßeceiver.Geteral for the Cesely of Stat.
~nnerg, who was wet 0 Neweate, bet what sanity
between his situation end this paltry office of VIOL a
. rear held It ragouts'? The seat case was that of
the I of Cashless between Berwick and Hull
.ache laterfeted in the Election of Hayden, giving a
... jbend foe It detteill sea to ha paid set of his Wary,
to recent the return of a certain individual. The
legit culprit was the Reeeitee•General for the Conn.
ty of Deabigh, Mr. Middleton, who was also High
*wit for the Comity of Denbigh. This person had
. •
eaten on khatelf to return Sir John Middleton, con-
teary to the melotity on the Poll, and without bar.
leg made any *abasement etemination, and who had
..Ofterwayis altered the said Poll, to. glee a colour to
the Wave. The House decided that be bad acted
partially end Illegally, to the manifest violation of
. the lawful rights of the Freeholders, and the privi-
lege of Parliament ; and for this, offence be was
• -*Wick out of the Peace, and deprived of the office ell
Receiver-Gen:rel. What similarity between this
case and that of Thomas Ferguson ? It was neces-
sary for the • House to punish such
.offencee, to pre.
nt attempts of this kind is %ore. Bet still the
1, "Mouse would not consult its own dignity if it went
**beyond ',prom severity. He belleved.if the office
.a.. Surveyor of the Times were taken from Fergo.
son, the bilk of his income weeid be taken from
,him. The salary of this odic, was 1401. a year. lie
34was not a writer, but a clerk in the office of Mr.
Campbell, of Blytheswood, formerly a Member of
. that House. He had only farther to say, that it was
Ms conviction, and he believed the conviction of
every Member in the Committee, that his Noble
Fsie,d, Lord Douglas, had nothing to do with this
Inter eaeoce. The Noble Lord concluded with mot-
laSre previous question.
r. BROUGHAM said, with respect to the en•
Miry hi the Committee, it was quite decided to his
.11elisfaction that Lord Douglas had not committed
~,
.807 Brno; of the Privileges of Parliament. It was
liereseary diet he should state this, as he, for one,
. Mil, em the caw was first stated to the House by his
.. *Olga Friend, thought that prim. fade, there was
sib set Lord. Douglas to call on him to chat.
r mil
enquiry. The l, of the enquiry bad
.. t:
Seeisfaittion to himself en this subject. There
wee ets esideace of say interfereuce ea the part of
Lod Douglas.
Mt. CANNING was tree of those who thought
eelicient penishment bad been Judicial on the guilty
rodividual. It Was said that the 'Absence of his office
easblethis to commit it.---of this there was not the
slightest proof—neither did he thiok the precedents
gaoled for the original motion were at all analogous.
Tb. 'House bad already had an opportunity of indict-
ed* peeishiestat ; it had to make an and had
aside it. To pea* the individual in option,both ways
mauld cause Ms role.
Mr. ' W YNN denied the j satin of the inferences
drove from the principles and practice of Coeds of
Law. An smoky in Parliament bore oo similarity to
woo in a Coen of Law. It bad been laid down, that,
because Ferguson ceefessed his guilt to the Commit.
he should not be subjected to additional punish.
i, But the House did not set se in other cue&
t
facts did not deliver himself from the vengeance
: Inter worasasulmibentionoeda the
t litheoll."l;r64, and asked wt
hhoe'
- el the author and publisher ; bit kis- bonfession of
of the House. If it were the opinion that this man
was bet a tool in the hands of another more powerful
• party behind the aikido, it might sot be deetbed Ise,
cessary to proceed the length he proposed. In his
view, the case of the Bishop of Worcester was not a
snore aggravated- one than the present. An Ho-
nourable Friend bad asked, if he intended to fol-
low op the affair by any Parliamentary measure?
—tie did not, because he thought that the provi-
sions already established were perfectly sufficient,
if acted on. li, the discussion of the case of Lord
Castlereagh (which bad been passed over, as on.
worthy of notice)) that Noble Lord bad moved

• „

?

sT.A'

the previous question, ,the House ovoid
sone to it.-41/eistolkeel inter %Cachet Par'
somks wove •seeptessais4 er 'triennial, ear *nos!,
_was avaib mocessity ithiettot Howse obetsi4 on*.
ititasdalia to Millie* iiliugeolea &Bee Correia
this in etepHoes. The marlt of our Constituritin
Olt it was le hear Alrot elemeists of -Refers
Witb.veepect•te What.bed. beers Armes( oat, of.
mikados seder which the Reese lay_ to make
optimah he had stated tlietlactly. wheisliiii•vod s.
the'llimatimet of Estritees; 11iat4f: use pardilmisitit
ontypas tosbe infilmed, an Address for his removal
fraiffilas stiestiess *is the one preferable ; but that
both-boo and • the other would be in the spirit .1
forett 'precedeasts—and that he therefore intesded
btu opt-654. Reliance had been placed by the
stppeseets • of -idle motion on the circoesstance, tbat
the Goonesitteitilid set, in their Report, seienisseiaili
the . removal -of the ioffivilleal. Howeeir, it bid
beep preposed there, and lost bet by one vote. Nor
looked epee the measure ho advised a a wholesome
*sample. of justice--pecelierly culled for oft the tie
of sl General Election, to Betel others boldiegcl•
tiler etteations from oker ounces. The peeittt
yet iedioted .was very light. le point ot ha; bur
had moved' that Fermat. shoe Id he Coleraine!!
Netsgste, for the porpoise of relieving him frog gb
' very heavy expanse 4660 to 11.4 custody b tat
•Serjeatii at Arse. '4" < A• 1
The Neese then divided ei"tbeirefielte gumdrop
whoa there appeared-i- • (. • • . -
Fur she praises qoestioes •.• :a MI6
Against it • • . .:• • . • b 7
Majority ~ . . 49
The motion was therefore lost.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRINCE REGENT.
Lord CASTLEREAGH presented a Messagefrom
the Prince Regent to the following effect I.
.4 GEORGE P. K.
44 The Prince Regret. acting in the name and on the behalf
of his Majesty. thinks it right to ieform the Honest Ceillatlees
that be bas given the cement of the Crown se a Marriage be-
tween his Royal Highness the Duke of Kent and her Serene
Highness the Prisons Marie Louise Victoirt. widow of the
late Prince of Leiniagne, and sister of thereigeleg Debts,
Save-Cubourg, and of the Prince Leap hl efilearCeheerc of
Saaluelel. The Prince Regeet is Kneaded; that rho cement
which he has given will beacceptable to the Home et Cam-
moos, and hers that they will eenble Mm ip make assisabla
provision far his intended marriage."
Lord CAS'I'LEREAGH moved au Address if
Thanks to the Prince Regent for his mint precious
Message, and to assure his Royal Highness that the
House woeld immediately proceed to take it into
consideration.—Agreed to.
Lord CAS'ILEREAGiI gave notice, that be
should move tomorrow to refer the Prins Regent's
Message to a Committee.
A Person (root the Heck presented Accounts of
the Expence of Bank Prosecutions for Forgery, of
Money phi to the Bank by the Public em accoest elf
Loans, and of the number and neasiaal vales it
.Forged Bank-notes.
Mr. V. FiTZGRRALD hroeght In the Irish
Grand Jury Bill, which was read a first time, offer a
few words foots Sir F. FLOOO, sod ordered to be reed;
a second time to.marrew.
Mr. V. FITZG ERA LD obtained leave to bring
in a Bill to amend and consolidate the Lows relating
to County Treasurers in Ireland.
Lord A. HAMILTON.said, that he should glee
a further explanation of the wotice which he had
given for. 10-morrow. The notice stood for an Ac-
count of Correspondence between the Commissioners
on Fees of Courts of Justice and the Home De-
partment. 'He wished to espial% that the subject to
which the motion referral :was the Correspondence ,
for which he should nioveores merely the letters from
the Commissioners to the Home Department, re-.
Inonstratiog against the filling up the Offices in
the Commissary Courts el Scotland. He also should
move form *Account of the Correspondence of the
Commisseries with the Horne Department. For some
Imprison or other the Government had thtioAht lit to"
111 op three offices contrary to theta reetooitrances.
Mr. CHICHESTER permeated a .
Belfast against the. Window Tax.
Mr. HEATFlCOreprl"MeEtitiaTPeißittaLfrom Peewee
the proposed alter:Waste the Seilerneet Laws.
Lord FOLKFS'fONE wished to know. whether it was the
knead.. of the Right Hoe. (leadsman (Mr. $. BOOret) to prim
the Settlement BM ibis Session?
Mr. C. BOURNE odd, that he should be guided by the wee.
rat wish of she House. The measure was an important one, and
he u to desirous is should receive the tallest discuses*.
Lord CASTLKREAGH said he wished the Bill might he
fully discussed this ,loreiime, as many of she objections which had
been urged against it had bees restored in the Committee up
stairs.
Mr..S. BOURNS postponed the coesideratims of the Report
of the Settlement Bill to Monday.
The Petition from Portsea was ordered to be
printed. .
The Report of the Offenderi Conviction Reward
• Bill was postponed to Friday.
Mr. J. P. GRANT gave notice of a motion fort.-
morrow for Papers relating to the sending Count Las

Petition fro■

Cases oat of the country.
IRISH ASSESSED TASES.
On the motion et the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER., the House resolved itself into a
Committee on the Irish Assessed Taxes Bill.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
then rose to state the alterations which he bad to pro.
pose ie the Irish Assessed Taxes, which, be said,
he should do briery, reserving to himself to reply to
any objections which might be urged. The Window
'lax was that which bad been most complained of, as
well in that House as in nuoteroes Petitions, bat all
the objections which bad been made to it wore loon&
ed on the misconception of something that had been
said by Mr. Corry when the Tax was first proposed.
—That Tax was first granted like all the other Irish
War Taxes for one year, and at that time probably
Mr. Corry had held out hopes that it would net be
continued, but lifter that time it was carried to the
Consolidated Fond and trade perpetual. Whatever
bad beta said by the. Chancellor of. the Escheleer
for Ireland when he had-proposordildider ere year
could net pledge Parliament whitokisortas aftOttrards
carried le the Consolidated: if!di • Alinest every
TAIL which was now pledged pitypeos of the
different Loads had -been firctimpolittl for a lilited
period, and to any! of •these saight.ther,stime Mier:
lions bq applied whicb_were nookeirged *keine& the
Window Tax. Though he could not consents,* Abe
repeal of this Tax, :ha was anzioss 10 tbrilielook arl
rangements as would combine justice from Ireland to
the Empire) with attention to the necessitieo of ti.e

• wades, at it watt objected to,-set be &great. berdee,
bet ow principle: Oa the Wlidele Um he purposed
a redaction of $3 per crest. *hide wield ,briagitack
the The ter ill stweeet preirieesty to the kit iSb en.
tenets. to trelend all houses seen chafgat to this
Tao which bed feet windevre et More; .in Hashing
sod Scotland then which had six triode's et more.
He proposed, that in those houses-which were used
-es ledging.hoeses for the peer truly, U. per window
(whatever their number) should be charged—but that
this relief should be granted only where the windowe
were made I. open se as to afford sires well as light,
which, at present, too away of them did not. The'
Idearthied the Window Tax thaeAd be cashiered '
way with airiest to mese., bet there were others
which might be COMidned SON le the light of sump..
Wary laws..—be meant the Taxes on Horns, Card.,
ogee, and Servants, which were intended as well to
prevent the application of too great a quantity of the
population 'to owlets *commiew sad purposes of
show, as to raise a revenue. In obese Taxes thereto
et taxation was. greatly entreased is proportion to
the extent of the establishment of on individeal. Hs
proposed to reduCe this increasing scale, as well to
remove the disceersgement which prevented the eel.
ployeteat of the poorvavto give an inducement to
the return of absentees to that conetry, where their
mildewe would be so'boneklal. The Tait on Jaunt-
ing Cos, which might be called the national vehicle
of Ireland, he sheet(' propose to redoes from 61.10 a.
to two gainers.
The first clause resPeatios the Hearth Duty basing
been rood,
Sir H. PARNELL said, that it was the cavitation
for the collection of the Hearth Taxwhichetade it so
etteoaiese to the ?snide of Ireland. For the purpose
of collecting this duty, a power was given to enter
all bosses, *and take en account of the 'somber of the
Hearths. If it was said that for many years after
the enactment of this Tay there had been no com-
plaints respecting this power, he should answer that
there had been formerly much leniency in the collec-
tion of the teies in Ireland, and therefore the power
'had not beds' eompleined• of, which now, that the
laws were sigoreesly enforced, hid been found very
grievant. The Hon. Baronet then read the proceed.
ings respecting the Hearth Tea in England, in the
first year of the reign of William and Mary. The
King in dist year tent a Message to the House of
Commons, is which be offered, as he had heard that
the Hearth Tax was grievous to the People, to con.
soot to its regulation, or entire repeal. The
.Cow-
mess expressed their admiration and gratitude at this
unprecedented offer, and an Act was passed to re.
peal it, which recited the King's Menage, and stated
that tbetas was " not only a grievance to the poorer
sort, bet a badge of slavery to the whole People,"
by- allowing every man's house to be searched by
peruses not known to him. He hoped, therefore,
the House would dispense equal justice to Ireland,
and relieve it from 4, this badge of slavery."
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ob.
, served. 'that if the precedent of England was to be
followed is all thing., a House Tax should be laid
on, is commutation of the Hearth Tax. ' This mei.
sure be would consent to ; but he apprehended it
woold oot he agreeable to the People of Ireland, who
had resisted such a commetationtiostead of the Wits.
dow Tax, with every mark of disapprobation.
SIT. H. PA a N ELL osplained. I
itr. L. FOSTER said, that the Hearth Doty Of
belied was one of. the most marient taxes in that
coentryvbasing been levied so long ago as the reigit
of Charles 11. It wevalso that which had undergone
the smallest %Crease from time to lime. Consider-
able reduction had even been mode in it. At the
period of the Value, every house having mere thait
two hearths was tilted ; but, since the. Ilnion,,non't
soder four. This regulation went to exempt simnel
the whole of the agricultural population, for there-
was scarcely a farmhouse shish poevased more 'hail
four hearths or seven oindowt. It was in every rq.
sped, both with regard to the duty imposed, and Mali
mode of 00111Ctioil, a measure of less severity rhino
that which went lousiest), by the same name in Ere "
land. lie would ask the Hon. Baronet, it lio w i
prepared to propose a lax which would press in
.1
lighter degree upon Ireland than the sucielt one
which be bad thought proper to ebject ?" ..
Mr. D.PROWNE supported the Resolution.
.• -:
Sir F. FLOOD objected to the hearth Tax, as ap-
plied to Ireland, on the ground that it was declared,.
Witte reign of King Wilthint, to be oppressive
,sovi.
tilailikin tbli country. It was, therefore, a stignia
spew Ireland that it should be eootinued there. Ile
was astonished that some filentlemen, who repre.
sensed differeitt great counties and cities in Ireland,'.
should vote ag*inst every measure intended for hi
relief. He thought that they would feel a little
awkward on going heck to their constituents. '
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that both parm of the United Kingdom might depend
upon receiving lust • justice from that House ; and:
tie firm -belief 'twat,. that' &the Hearth Tax had ex.
,isted in &eland with titmouse qualifications that ac-
companied it is Ireland, • k never would bare bees
represented es an ace.,e(mgijession. , • _ 1
Mr. W. Fl'effitAitALD,thnught that the present
moment, • wbeit 'bikini was' placed in sittb difficulties,
was the least adapted for trying any experiment of
commutations If Gentlemen were prepared with a
productive suhetit,ptflutlie case would be different,
bat, in his opinion, no ecjuivalent could be proposed
for the Hearth lac ithkh would not operate more
oppreeilvelf. On'llieltreit mass of the canimonity.—
lie dirt not recollecc :that the ilonoitrabLe _Harelip!
.bad weged.bis objection to the principle of the l'as,
when the rate was promised 30 Whitened. •
Oil siaipv.P,psz agreed
.;hat the .money
.pres.
t(pirthefineitea fell lighter thaw altamwhisis was ender
eitniektleratiow,"actordiNg to the regolatlnns by. which
li'Ai`at present mottifiett. ILlui Alf iiwndendutiEed
on the Statute Books of England, ..it would be .cell
if some substitute could be provided, amounting to

After a kw words from Sie A. Pahlavi tad the
Chart naost of the Excitation, the 'fusser %reed
to withdraw his amendment.
The Resolution respecting lbw Window Delhi
was then read.
Sir J. NEWPORT contended that it was see",
my to go lower in the scale of reduction for the
West of inked, and therefore he should propose to
limit the rate to b 0 per cent. instead of 1.5 per mot,
lie obsened, that within the last four years the owns
bet of windows stopped op amounted to tB,OOOl
nearly one-tenth of the somber throes/how tau
coootry. This afforded a strong proof of the Hie),
of towering the scale, to say nothing of the benefits(
admitting the writched people to receive light mid
air. He maintained that the pressor, of the People
was to great that Ireland was Ine•trwhie of bearing
tM burdens imposed ; nay, hideed, Great Batik
felt it in her esperts, which had greatly demand,
Ile moored accordingly to lower the rates %a per
cent. on the smaller bosses than the scale proposed
by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Sir F. FLOOD contended that the pregame was
so great that the tax had fallen considerably short of
the expected receipts. He sepported the amend.
meat, being satisfied of the incapability of the Peo-
ple to bear the borthens.
Mr. PEEL referred to what had passed in a for.
user debate respecting the preamble of the Act if
1800, which provided further duties for one year
only. It bad then been contended, that the faith of
Parliament was pledged for that period; but it had
been forgottea to state, that the grants were made
for one year only. He maintained therefore that
the faith of Parliament was sot violated. Bet he
would ask the Honourable Baronet why he
did not, in the year 1806, if ha lime& the
frith of Parliament was pledged, prows* that
faith by repealing the tax instead of, bringing in an
Act to resider it permanent. With respect to the
call for repeal, that was no criterion of the policy of
the measure. The Committee must take into con..
sideration the state of the finances, and the memo(
providing for the exigencies of the State. The whale
amount of the proposed relief in taxes would Le
somewhere about one hundred and fifty-two thou.
sand pounds, thus making a deficiency in the !mass
of 551,0001. which England . mast provide for.
The charge on England for the debt of Ireland en
4,478,0001. In addition to this, the deficiency jot
alluded to would make the amount nosily 5,000,00.
The interest of the debt at .the Union paid in Ireland
was 1,600,0001. at present it is only 1,680,0001. Is
thus stating the incapability of Ireland to meet the
charges on its establishment, the Committee lipoid do
well to eoosider bow far it would be rite, to tower
the rate of duties below the scale pivoted by his
Right Dosoereble Friend. Houses with less than
limn windows were exempt from the emotion of
the Tax, and lodging.hooses, formerly paying iOI.,
by the new scale would only he liable to pay 30s.
thus a consoostadon to the ansoont of 181. 10s. would
be granted to the owners of those houses.
Sir J. NEWPORT denied that behind had sly
War 'fazes pledged in the same way as that desciip..
tion of taxes were in this country lie felt that the
nation was bound to a certain amount in the public
creditor, but he thooght !tech claim set sled by a re-
gulation of the tales. It was stone the full condi..
don of the hardship this tan imposed (no. false shots
of popularity) that could Woes him to move fur its
redaction.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD and Mr. L. FOiTER
spoke against the atnendatent, believing that the
the Chancellor of the Exchequer oteot as far as Ns
could possibly go with a regard to the public Kroll
when he proposed a reduction of 25 per ma.
The honourable W. auTLEit thought some
Other tel might be selected which would not be so
objectionable as the Window Tat. Slch was the
distress in Ireland, that in the return of foor.wheeled
r carriages 900 were stated to be withdrawn, and of
.two.wheeleil, 2900.
Mr. SHAW teneeed his objections to the las,
end went through the statements of its receipts, as
given we the farmer discussion of the qeeeti..n.
Sir F. BURDEN' observed, that he was ,eady to
snow that no charge for the want of impartiality Iv.
'laud against the Government on the ground of toss.
tion; as they had taken the fullest means to impel,
tales upon England, Scotland, and Ireland, mills
utmost limit of their respective capacities. With
rh
Bard to the lint then under discussion, the Mad
Itirpresaion in Ireland was, that it was a 111 dein
the war ; that though no bond was signed to that ef•
tect, 'it was understood that it should determine sad
cease with the return of peace. But then it ass al•
leged that it 'remained enrepealed daring the short
t'eace of Amiens, and that therefore;
because the
Irish People did not betray what was called" en ig•
iterant inipatience of taxation," they were net 1.1.0..e'
fled al this time in demanding its repeal. That 00
not, be it as it may, the strosigest part of the cob
It was a tea cruelly oppressive, barrio in the pradet•
Lion of revenue, but must fatally fertile in a harvest
of disease, pestilence, and death.—(lleor '.)--Aghe"
the revenue was so trivial, end the direful etr•cl4
so
aggrairatk end destructive, he cosh] not but wonder
at .the attempt to persevere. But of all rho striolo
irgtiMelilll ill its support, none equaled that of the
ltig'.l Hotiourah!e Gentleman (Nlr..yitter.l.).o°
grounded the necessity of its continuance on the Pe'
netou.s sacrifices made by Etigl,ll.ll, in taking upon
itself to pay the debt,' as he called it, of 'relied.
That was, in plaits words, that.,Ministee,had utaild
the People of England to pay that debt, which 110
some Ministers had incurred in I z elend sr!)---
Geetlemen talked of the regageoupots of !Moo f"'t
of her inability to discharge them. At what Oslo,
WO tooter what circumstatit es, did ttieve engsgementv
take place? Were they not. impogrol by that 1"111
Act, care 1 -hp Union ? An Act wl,irtt novenaed
every feeling of public honour and good faith. AI

111

Pensions
Wiled to
Mono•r&
codocing
on illicit
pot incl.,
which w

taken ou

which w
country
Lord I
tility to i
111 e n d ed

induced
that in I
Waste
which it
• single
Hearth '
♦oar of I
shillings
!medals
gatherer
Lord
ant uf t
10 e:i►a
of the e,
ton fror
additios
almost I

•t lent
it wise
country
bush t 4

ihess
stir call
Ireland
Sir
bis full
Woble
The
Gentry
by the
sure th
pectic
•was to
Noble
Mu
the Cc
sided-

On
J. NF

_
ductio
• Awe
posed
OOP se
Up
the C 1
J. P.
W. It
Chant
perilll
Aft
the E
Server
Res
Dotiei
*greed
port
Sir
13111 tr
'relay
tens w
Mr
for th
the SI

lIPISat

Mr.
was o
the C
In
Res .A
bit()
*boob
to ern
Fund
Repo,
In
rious
Mr.
view
its Is
toes

. . •.•
- - • •;! ci 1.. • I \
.-.l)(._A___ •
1. .' • - 4. Is -•‘
rrirsmA74., ~ ,- ,',,,. ' I}X t 6-1.14-, )ii 1 )
_...
, .
not trieborselfde. Abe eta ' .* writhe Irish 1:141M iiieedr 4,401"1•1 Year, villa PIO cbt 1410 i vi
esialiime‘ of the 0611111111
. , .
telie• fatcriltpleed, Ike 'ream *wry. lbe, detY• tbe • pprioC
RI, it auto fitilbc.oniii Ay wo 'hi 011. Mr. PEEL tbooebt it *fold be bettor not to tires little nt n
cuffed it
;are; a alleniiel/' ellidateet* ihfairtj'elti:.,:at," on ".110.9.......'1i-Tei.likii.a4. of" tblleolilioarrtreenh Tad I. reclitsiesei:khe itilesceonT: Bid; f°""
sae, was, sip doubt, the defy "nt Parthenon to appor. (pewee of mireelog to Ilse prove eatendmeol. The Fur that
5e....- 'dos thiroomllens of the Rimpicoiiithetfioot parts, beet omen, be tbsegbi, waeld .be 10 Continue the
ohligatior
f. the grith • OAP he Ai geed •ef tbe whole, sod en they old duty of Charles 11. until the Reit 11440% end entre% Me:
then to consider ahetbor some tobtitote amid nit be .. nett all 1/11
lie aa Iftimiciple *ay owed Ireland soma relief. lim should
d for imiorese e reductinn In nneir7 pert ni in Awned adopted ; bet to embark in that' disrewine at this me. lnd a art
mattot ' Viitis. IN Ole Min* lioftliOlbellkl repot. no al. meet 'wadi he tbeegbtt be attended whilePfill.tiii. bed • fie
--....a ..re. m_ es to woo /bleated te.-ecct se stmt. berdee, edeesolrel • -.. .. .........___, . obviator,
,
A e_— _ _... 1/..d.• ......A. f....... a. tit IrbiLabli.•e. .4.1 ak_ ik that the"
