THE STATESMAN

DAY AT ON O'CLOCK.
fps, Cesol. Noi:y
India 144../do 23 23 p.
lotog Ann. 19 11.14
seisequer Urn. b p.
now am

may new do is very encertain ; and, in the mean
time, the difficulty will create in the public mind
much additional want of cnefidence and anxiety.—
Mr. VANSITTART will have enoogh on his hands,
end the speculators in 'spitted leans may, without
great caution, have to repay out of their engagements
of this year, seine part of the enormous gains which
they have reaped under the administration of the
present CUANCELLOK of the Excumtuaa."
The man 'eternal then apostrophises naturally
h in the following words:—" With a falling
Revenue, the necessity of still further restricting t►e
paper currency, and greater commercial sad maim-
factoring distress than has ever been *embraced, the
prospect is, Indeed, not very cheering for the
ntently."

The 'deem of the Palms we are glad to see cr-
eepy so much of the attention of the French lugisla•
tors. If tbe principle of it be inverted in their
hearts, it will ►e of little conseqoence whether every
contingency which may porsibly occur should be
provid►d for or guarded against. Like our Coo-
stitution, which is me where in be found, never-
theless is well understood. Would it were as holiest-
ly practised spot. !!! It gives us, however, per.
dealer ;Arrester* ro eb.erve how guardedly the phi-
losophic pe►t •f the Chamber of Deputies, keep
the topic clear of religion. " Church and Stele"
has ever been the cry of bigots, or besotted, or IT
not of that description, of lintel and cot rapt men,
to work their base purposes. What • reformation
is here witnessed in a nation such as France was
half a century ago.
To beer the Kt I.IMR of the Srah. (an of cur as high
as our Chu ncellor)stand up in the Spoon. and maintain
the necessity of keeping these objects separate from
each other, cannot fail to evil, the Beefiest sympa-
thetic felicitations in the breast of every friend to
freedom in whatever part of the world he is pieced.
—" Religiose (ha observed) associate peaceably
with each other ; and what is the nose of this
harmony ? It is from the liberty that they enjoy.
Bet the mom►nt you impose limits es there, you
destroy this !berty ; you become tyrannical, and
you do not attain your aim." Such sentiments
remind one.? Dr. Fria:rime's me•im, obi libertos,
ibi pettier. On this occasion a man is inrolootarily
transported to the scene of such an eloquent debate,
•here reason is consecrated in the place of bigotry,
and would willingly become • Frenchman to partake
in t►e enjoyment of law, so admirably laid down.

Caltrntw lIUNDR I 138.-it may be • satisfaction
to a number of our Heoders to learn, whet this con-
venience to Minister and Slernbers of Parliament
consists of. The acceptance of the office of Steward- ,
ship of this place (without honour or profit) vacates
a seat in Parliament. It is said that Colonel Turr-
str., Member for Beverley, was deceived by the offer
of this appointment. in order to goalify kiln to all
his spat to Sir 11. BRIDGMAX. The notion, there.
fore, slat this office is attended with profit is quite
err s. Indeed it is immediately resigned, so
soon as My accepting Member bus disposed of his seat in
Parliament. Chiltern is a ridge of risslky hills,
a hick crosses the county of Back., a little south of
the centre, reaching from Trim in Ilertfordohire, to
Henley, in the county of Oafurri. This district be-
longs to the Crown, and fo► t(. immemorial has
given title to the nominal office of Steward of the
Chiltern Hundreds. Of this office, as well es the
moor of East Hundred, in Berko, it is remarkable,
shut although frequrently conferred upon Members of
Parliament, it is not productive either of honour or
emolument; being pasted at the request of any
Member of that !loose, merely to enable him to va-
cate his seat by the acceptance of a nominal office en-
der the Crown ; and on this account it has fire.
fluently been grouted to three or leer different Mem-
bers in a week.

Extract of a letter dated Port.au.Prince, Feb. 13.
—" President BOTTA steadily ponies his plea for
effecting • reform in the expenditure of the State,
end for introdecing greater order in the different
departments of the Administration. The Chambers
are assembled, bot hitherto no VOW lAIP has been
passed. A large force was pet in motion so the 'ld
inst. for the purpose of reducing the rebel Cons.
and his associates, who have so long annoyed this
neighbourhood by their iosursectioasry mnemonic.
The army of Rocca is encamped in the mountains,
•nd is not to reborn till the rebels are reduced to
submission. It is expected that she campsign will
last three or four mouths. The amber of GOBIAte.
followers does not exceed 400 men; as soon as he
heard that en army was about to march agsiost him,
he vet fire to the post he had octepied, sod retired
with his adherents into the deepest recesses of the
forest. A price has been set cm his head, end on
those of his principal Chiefs. lam of opinion that
white this affair is ended, and the President feels him-
self in tranquil possession of the interior, he will turn
his thoughts towards the North, and sifted the
limits of the Republic in that direction."
Vesselssre now on their way from England to Gal.
way to receive another portion of Col. Evita's corps,
ready to embark at that port for Spanish America,
and another vessel will be immediately taken up at
Galway for a like pelmet*.
It appears by the Port Reims of Belfast, that
1100 persons emigrated from thence last lesson to
America; and there are, at this time, 15 vessels ready
there fo► the purpose of taking eat passengers for the
same destiastion, and the some number at London-
derry.

Another list for the intended new Loon is fra-oing
in the City, and Stocks continve to droop. fhe
Commissioners yesterday bought Reduced at 71.
The expellee now incurred in timing the ground
for a oew Post Office, is 150,0001. It is supposed,
that before the street leading to and front the new
Post Office is completed, and even beer, the foonda.
non of it it laid, the 'sprats will not be lets than
300,0001.

•• •

V •

tar CriTHOW4IO cannot be a
thiabt alsot taint rof this country dhe cse) tilV6e6 d mond the People of the
United Kingdom ea Ibis *Abject. This orifice, so
ilyservetive to liberty In general, has been perrtis.d
often. It is only necessity that one University should
oppose Eniancipistien, awd his views are aossr.red.
When that Reformation had extended itself ameng
es, this klogdoni was divided into two poeiiiss,
alternately having moors' to the King (and the Mi-
ms-ma acts for him now), required him ofiew-
times to hold the balance lie, seen skein; Lot to
make them both enfeeble each other with their owls
hands, he made it to iodine sow towards one ride.
then towards this other. As litany VIII. was a
slave to his ferioes passions, rock puny f eilered
themselves that a blind compliance with tee. ping e
will would throw him fully into their Ini—eiits,
and they implicitly pet themselves into his hands. Si.
miler to the foregoing was it with the 11 hip and foetus.
—While the People were in succeeding IMMO divid.d
into Whip end Tories, aid as soon as these two lac.
lions were made irretoocileable by the artifices of she
Court, sad could covnterbalanee the forces of each
other, Citauhrs 11. pulled off the mask, dino•hred
the Parliament; said the station belie!! with aatonish.
went • King, who had received so many in,isiefies.
lions from the Lrgill•llie poweri, and had been se
often obliged to submit, on a sadden, without deer,
without army, without money, and silliest furedgis
assistance, become absolute master of hi. kingdom ;.
letting his opposers feel Oho terrible eff.cis of hit ven-
geance, sacrificing the most spirited patriots to his
rsge,snd governing his subjects with a tyrannical sway.
The 11l effect of leaury is visible in the manner by
which several of the Editors of the Loodou Jour-
nals fill their columns by 00000 ricemenis of arrivals
and &instates, which might be very well if confined
to places of resort for health, as Bath, heighten,
Margate, Ranisple, Ilerrowsate, Chet...ham, &c.;
limit to read that Sir ions this, arrived at his bogie
in Alount.street ; that Lady that, was gone to her
Sills at hivevale ; and that the family of the Etas,
alter travelling post • thousand miles on the Conti.
tient, were now reposing at their Faroe erne at
Poppy•place, is disgusting. When the &Creation of
a People is called away on subjects of this trivial na-
ture, we may look in vain for heroic virtues ; men
may be found no doubt who will light well and
hazard their lives greatly, knowing that If they
vise the battle they shall be paid as the Duke of
MAaL110101:011 was, with a pr:ocely (unveil ; bat
will they do as much to be recompensed with a
wreath of laurel or a croon of oak Imes ?—The
veil here spoke's of is growing St. ufit. every day,
sines from much eadrarpering to be distiogoishert,
ate one at lost distinarithes himself slt) nine.; bat
as a rank is takers, and as the eiyeis of the Public still
continue le admire, every noise is boot in order to an
out of au soiformity felt to be inlyirrahir. This
is the reason that every one is so sager after riches,
and bows down in the temple of fortune. This is a
sew species of slavery —a voluntary slavery
The ordinary causes of the lain of any State are
luxury and poverty. A multitude of suijects. needy
by their new Wein., and visaed to he the insaneed of
all, vainly agitate themselves to get off tier howl!.
sting poverty, and are at last reduced is, wish for
at least to be ludifereht about, their country's de:
erection.

Al tong as Rome was inhabited by poor citizens.
honesty, buticiar, towage, sod lays se•e wlllOlO its
well.; hat when sacs it was enriched with one spoils
of vsnquished nations, these ancient virtues gave
way to a wieltiiado of vices. Poverty, 'till than ho-
noured, fell into contempt; wealth became the ob-
ject of every ones desiirs, and a few awbitit•ua mew
seized the highest offices and held them in spite of
the wishes of s majority of the People ell the Slaw
was torn to pines by civil conflicts and by spelling
the blood of the hest citizens. Thus perished liberty
at Sparta, at Rome, and thus it sill perish among us.
W. make the following farther es from the
last American Papers :
•• •
Laptain Bloout, at Norfolk, who left St. Dar.
tholomew's on the 411 of February, reports that part
of Bacon's squadron, under CommodoreJouc, con.
sisting of One twenty gun ship, an eighteen gen brig.
I sad four large achootiets, were costionsally cruising
between St. Martin's and St. Ilartbolomes's against
vessels beating the Ministers Bag occasionally touch-
ing at the Five Islands, and were very aaccessfol.—
rho day before Captain M. sailed, they seat into St.
Bartholomew's a Guistesman, having 400 slave. and
• large quantity of gold dust and ivory on board.—
' She was chased sit hours by the whole squadtuil, and
was captured by the brig Arab. The htig Repub.'
lican, formerly from Baltimore, andel the Artigan
Bag, ren into St. Boitholoasea's, whet• she was
seized and sold by the Government. She was pure
chased by' the agent of Jottz, and, being fitted in a
superior style, was to sail be same day to take in
her armoury at the Five Islands, and join the aqua-
drop there. Captain M. was brought in hr the
sqoadron.and treated with puliteness.—(
March 19.)
•• Cataract or Cum.—Letters from St. Jars
do Chili state, that in consequence of the soccessfal
operations of the Pstiiata in that quarter, trade has
united Is a surprising manner. Among other arti.
del that would command good prices and ready
sales, are India coital& roods of In* and middling
gustily% German, French, and Irish linen, and ca-
binet furniture.

'6 New Yuna, MARCIE rt.—AntiSWAIM IN
SPANISH Dvricaoris.—Cap!. SWAIN!, lobo has ar-
rived in 'hie port. reports. that the followinE Ameri.
cans are imprisoned in the Castle of St. Juan rte Luz,
in Vera Cruz:—SAMUEL CALVIN, of Corinee izat ;
EDWARD LAS^iALA and AUGlislUs OtKrL, of Balti-
more; JAWS LoVrGirOVE, of the S ate of N.VI
York ; ■od Pulite Cursors and JOHN MILS, place
of birth tint recollected.

" Accounts from Aua-Coyer contradict the report
that 516GRectou's troops had all olrspri.tl him; that
some of his sailors had, but none of hi. troops.—
Two transports of troops wort. 1) in; outside, sad
M'Gstcoe had gone to rare-ae-Pnoce.
" Worms, 1111 MICR 26.--.STOPPAGS OP V,rscia
PAYIIIIIITI.WIII he.e it from the best aerhorigy,
shot all the Kentucky Bioko have se•pradrd their
specie murals; end we aro ferrtier inlnrm►d, t►at
them Banks mill not re.atnw the pgm•et of specie
lentil the Ohio Minks shell bare done le. Ibis ia•
formation iLay be reitcd en.".
