with them, the lon et the lamented PM,
says a Morning Paper, " made a lanieg imp,
mina his mind, and -isekingd myna .coandersitio
there, which are supposed to have been hitherto
not the most freqeent visiten.” We know not

what these considerations may be, though we may
:geese on the subject, but the Parliament, whose
'Meetiog is dressing near, will have mach to consider
in theshort Session which it seems yet destined to
`lite. The delusion which has been practised upon
the ration by the trumpery evidence on which its
Liberties were suspended, it will be for the Members
themselves to denounce; and if those who are yrt
sensible to shame in that House, and the Peep!e
themselves shall still.act as becomes them—as the
splendid triumph they have obtained over Ministerial
fidlicy and persecuting rancour entitles them to speak,
the seats of the plot makers sod imprisoners will not
be " beds of Roses."

•••

%vises Fitarris.--400 Saturday a quarterly Meet+
inn of the KING'S Council •as held at Windsor, and
the follow's( report was given in by the Physicians :
" Whitlow' Caisiledan. Y.

" His MArarr, has passed the last mouth in a
very tranquil manner, end in a good state of bodily
health, but his Maas:wry% disorder remains an.
changed."
It was exhibited yesterday at St. James's-palace. '
Wrsosoa, JAN. 4.--Yesterday, after the breaking;
op of the Queen's Council, all the Members left
Windsor nee; t Lord Arriexx, who rennin,' on a visit
to the QUEEN. The same day the Doke and Duchrha
of G 'Ascot's, and the Primal Simms of GtoccEs-
Tee, left the Castle for Bagshot-park. This moo-
ing the QUEEN and PRINCESSES attended Divine Ser-
vice in the private chapel in the Castle.
Her M LUSTY, it is now said, does not go to
Brighton on the sth inst.
PRINCE LEoposo.—This morning le the time fixed
upon for the departure of Prince Lineot.o front
Claremont, to Came, in Dorsetshive, for the re-
rovery of his health.
Sainsday, shoat two o'clock, Vioernint and Vis-
countess CA•TLIREAGU left their house io St. Jester's.
square, for Hatfield, on a visit to the Marquis end
Marchioness of SAgisaveT, fors few' days ; from
thence they will proceed on a visit to Lord Scr-
ims, in Norfolk, where they will remain about a
fortnight, and then return to London for his Lord-
ship to make arraogements for the Meeting of Parlia-
ment.
Lost Wednesday, at Brighton, the Right 'loniser.
able Jours- ifacta received the. honour of Knight-
bond, pretsiaatory to his appeinimeet to the office of
Vic-. Chancellor.
THE NISIAN.—A letter from Plymouth of the 30th
ult. saya—" Several Gentlemen are come over from
the coast of France, and they say there is not
shadow of doubt as to the loss of the Indian, of
London, the huh of which, containing 58 bodfer,
has been rescued,..end sold in France; besides this,
there are beats picked up, marked Indian of bon-
' don.'"
A letter from Rumple, dated the td instant, says,
" The bull of a wreck (a brig), was see* this morn-
ing no the Goodwin Sands; and the boetmee who
have been off report that she is supposed by the
people of the Light Vessel to have gees on shore ow
Monday night. She appears to be Bull iteiN, with
yellow sides. One of the boats• her* hookud• op a
barrel of lamp-black out of her. We cannot het*
her name or more particalars at present. An anchor,
weight 14 cwt. 2 qrs. 7 lb. marked 3. Fowler and
CO. No. 19, has been landedliere, taken up in the
Downs."
On Thursday the Messrs. ETANSIt gather.and son),
were taken from IforsemOnger-lane jail, to the office
of the Home Departerent, Whitehall, where Sir N.
CONANT attended, and offered them their liberty,
on condition of their entering into recognizance,
to appear nest Term, in the Court of King's Bench,
to answer such charges as might, then be preferred
against them, on big Majest)'s beholf.--The Messrs.
&ANSE., however, refused te enter into any cc-
knowledgments which tended to comprised'', their in-
nocence; they declared that as they had been arrested,
and were now committed on a pretended oath,
on suspicion of .High Treason, they were determiped
either to be cleared of this false suspicion by rfall
and free Trial by Jory, or to receive their uncondi-
tional enlargement.
_ _ _

The Energetic Stimulus of Galvanism, which has
been most. advantageously employed by the Royal.
Humane Society in the resuscitative process of sus-
pended animation, is now also medicinally applied
in, a, geriety of diseases with theireatest success: The
most obstinate cams of nervous &tofu's:, gotta serene,
iatieient tumours, cantreClionS, &C. which had lees
given op by the faculty as altogether hOpetets, have
been perfectly cored by the galvanic influence. This
efficacious and philosophical remedy is seientifically
administered by Mr. LA BEAUDIE, Medical FAfei-
trician, at his house, No. 31, Soothampton.row,
Bloomsbury, between 11 end 5 o'clock. Informa-
tion on the subject, or advice on the cue given with-
out fee.
CORI Excia•stci. JAW. s.—Fine Wheat at Woodsy'.
pricn.—Marley trade heavy this minting. nod run 2.. cheaper
shalt on this day week 4 inferior qusihies unsaleable at that
redaction.—Oats are 2. lowa, and very dull ale.—ln Peas,
Ikon.. and other snicks co *itemise.
Wheat (English) .... 76 94 Grey Peas 40 44
New ditto , — .... Betas ...•
Oitt,o (Familia) .... 66 105 Old do .
aye 38 41 'Pick do
Barley
New..... . — . lilac do. ;.. .
Malt CO 76 • Poland to. .... ..... 24 95
White Peas
New ditto.... .......
Ditto Doll's' .... ..... 60 M Seconds.... .
SMITHFIELD 516.1tK ET, Jiii. 5, -
To Oak the Offal, per stone of NIN.
tee ... 1.. 01. to 4s. 0.1. I Head or Cattle this day'
tattoo . Sr. 01. '1.'44. bd. Beasts
yea:.*. 44 Sit t.. 6, 0,1. I Shen and Lambs
Ils
Pwea ... to. 04. to bd. Calves.
Lomb . .I.*. CLI: to 0- 91: Pip .................• It)

:Zooid% - ' et Parliament Is expected +
- .
* *5 pliskio• item do Crew& • The&
ma be «vs opio to pit lathe Speech, *hick say
the Nsitot eariwe Crew deliverlee; kin
11/:::::) Ili; whit his Royal iligbaess yidlt in.
sit,this legume to hie f . rigs, or reseifea:letee ad

" was killed u. . the spot. Rh widow wrote along,
, falsome, sad false ac:oval of the affair, wbkli was'
translated entirely and published In theTieses News.
paper. Colonel Da LA FATE treated the libel with
—contempt, " bemuse," said be 64 every one knows '
• - ft is be false." The matter; however, is nom
peeper to be developed. The Count nt"" St.
MORT% who wore a maiden sword, sod the bravest
of the brave us protestations of dying for his King,
tr ie. and whose inviecible courage was displayed in a
•e'llistioguished manner on the Nairn of BONAPARTE,
r,:gken be valiantly sheathed the sword he had sworn
4
....,,lienc to lay down, until he had revenged the insult to
.ti.)mo Majesty by plunging it in the Corsican's heart, and
i''. tan away, like several other great warriors, to Ghent.
. "'"this hero of the aoti..chamben harassed and vexed
W 'Colossi DS LA Faits in every way possible, becaese
(4
lie week* not give op the national property his father
bed purchased, and which bad belonged to the family'
of St. Moats, before it so pliantly ran away I. the
i 'beginning of tai Revolution. •Col. La Fief% as ea
. ' 44 hunt's. officer of Botarants, was not well at
the Court of Loots, where St. Mo SITS was Mareekal•
i . de-Camp; bet he resolved personally to punish the
Welts of St. Moats, and challenged him. The brave
Corot tboeght his Court influence would screen him,
• , be applied to the King, who would not interforp.....to
•'the Princes, the wan resell— to the Marshals of
• ' °Frame, they ordered him to fight. Colooel At LA
.. FAYE having received a sabre wooed, which disabled
' the of three fingers of the right baud, chose pistols.
ST. MOSES insisted Os swords, knowing his adversary
could not wield one. DE LA FATS, however, would
. not let the coward escape, thus be accepted the dee'
with the sword, and said, the resisk shall be the mat;
t be fought with the left band, killed " the lower
of chivalry and loyalty." AU Paris was glad at
the event, and the Public learns, with Indignation,
, that on Thursday last Col. DE LA FATS was takes op
and imprisoned in La Force, as the...sale of Coast
• Ss:No*ll ; his Prosecutor tithe Colorless St. Moats.
Thus the scandalous Ultra. Royalist faction triumphs
for a moment, but it will soon be over. Col. DI LA
FATE will be able to prove, on the trial, that he did
i not kill the Count Sr. Moats, beta bastard of the
•_ family, by, it is said, a washerwoman. He will also
beetle to prove that there is no Countess ST. Mores,
willow of the man he killed, but that the Lady who
asieminsates herself, and talks so finely of religion,,
*Amorality, &c. is merely the kept-mistress of kb ad-
. -e;leereary, and living with him in en open state of coo.,
I,tAiliage. Other anima secrets will, it 4 said, be db•
' 't tined on the trial, which will dhow the resolution
;..:.. saick whit:k the Emigrants and Priests persist la de-,
sanding from the tenth porch. sir even the mediation
. of what they call their property.
-Tie affair et Lyons in June last, to which se mod,
importance els given, as a conspiracy to effect a re-
volution and massacre of the Bourbons, now turns out
no be a conspiracy organised by the Ultra-Royalists
• themselves, to have an excuse for murdering sad 4..
livering Over to the sae of the guillotine, the par-
chasers of national and ail those evens

them.
be iesirectively rellerred"to—,e. greet dent to elecidats
ear own national le roper--a great deal of experi-
mental wristlets both for Balers and People. •
The yaw .eematesseed very inaespichtesly. It '1
&sots very imp portion of elif moieties to ems
log miseries which le their and variety bad
Nog beefs unkno"tin to us : bet it towed es also as.
lively engaged in calling forth all the resources of
our autlotral helmet:lame: directing them to the allot
elation of thole wants which we ws. eld not reisoveov.
The year also found os disturbed by the violoweelt
men, driven by necessity to despair, and needed Ily
the canning of spies. Bet the great body of the
People were mind.
' Amidst such feelings and dispositions did the Par-
liament meet. Its first deliberations were not seepl-
doss. The alarm arising from popular comanotion,
gave a tone to the proceediege el Podium* wbidt it
,could net cast of tiering the whole Sessiesi; and, a*
a consequence, the &whilst** attendee wee more
occupied in the oppression of those evils which pub-
lic distress aaa duceef•at had ezcited, than in laying
the tonodatioe fee soy orderly wad determinate vs-
Sam if hopreeement, which might at taco 'emote the
of the estateimitous, sod silence the kle-
mourset the toriseisnt.
Contemptible projects* when they became the ob.
jests of Parlisineotary investigation, assessed the
character of formidable plots against the safety of
the State. Day after day was employed by Secret
Committees I. deseloplag their *hardly ; still, like
objects sees through a fog, they appeared of appal.
liug magnitude and unlimited *strut. Doubtless
there was a detainees spirit lurking amidst a smell
portion of the People; not fortunate enough to be
wise—and rendered by misery insensible. either to
imps or fear. An oserthrow of the Government was
contemplated by a heedful of man, without money,
itieswir. Of talent; of a Government, that was
armed with a military power stress treemagh to put
down a scattered loserrectiou of half the People.—
lib* dee cairn of legal proceeding in all cases
where guilt could attach (for it cannot be now sup-
posed that soy tresses' of the past year remain to be,
developed at the bar of justice) must cause as to
look back with doable pain upon the power
which has been placed in the howls of the Ministers
of the Crowe. If the Plots of Spa.fields, and the
Plits et Derby aro the only accusers of the loyalty
of the British nation, it is miserable to reflect that for
'some months we hese beets all subjected to the risk
of imprisonment without trial. This odious right has
been esescised to the role of many ; yet credit has
been hamlet mercy tines dispensed. Whenever we
are pleased with justice or mercy dispensed by power,
the foundations of oar liberty and greatness are
crembling to rein. If the Trial by Jury were sus-
pended is. the same mintier as the Law of habeas
Corpus would It be oily consolation—would it not
rather be a IMOr to e'relleesing etind--that the dida
of Judges, which bad been sebstitsted for the vet!
dict of tarts, sent sd been esiftently just and im.
partial ? Arbitrary pewee esenot at first pot on his+
hideous foams asumpot a powerful and high-spirited
Peeple-toit most play time hypocrite, and assume a
mask, sad Wit music eel inseams and gentleness;
" for letriineee is poses Ambitiew's ladder." We
may meadow them Oho., that our countrymen, in
their Nee end simmity, and Christmas comforts,
may reselect that they are mot wholly living ender
the plasm* sod tote authority of those equal laws,
w hoer spirit lee made us what wears, sod left use
much still to be proud of, and S. be happy amidst.
Parliament Wear& little daring ire sitting fur the
relief of tbePeople. Itseparated more aespisioasly thin
it had met. The imprimis( cognate= sad Improving
temper of the sosotry teem, before this, have taught
oar Legislotoes, I. the eaperimme sf their summer-re.
thements, that the People may be testored to their ac.
customed goatee, whitest any iefringement of their,
Rodent liberty; and that the hoses& practical bent-
totems of the powerful and the wealthy may efect a
more lasting end mere universal good, than any els-
moroas ebullitions of hasty discontent on the one
heed, grapy nettles' of obeosioss authority on the
ether.
Time object which steeds most prominent in the
Retrospect of the year is the recent loss of one who
premised to realise many of the bright visions of
pies happiness dear to the English People. When the
bisterian shall tract the then indistinct records of the
lest two mouths, he will gather the best commentary
epee the virtues of the lamented Princess, from the'
universal grist of a greet and manly People. lie will
be et a km to understand how a Nation so warns in
its attachment to goodness in high station can be stig.
unitised as sazioas to destroy those distinctions which
eatto cherish the 'zeroing of the nobler virtues.
foreign events of 1817 will not require any,
eery esteiniad notice. Europe has been tranquil ;
but is France the People ere becoming moo alive to
their political interests. As political discussion be.
won general, sounder principles will eaqeestionebly
dittoes themselves ; and as a consequence, two or
three contemptible Ultra factions will no longer
speak what they presume to call the voice of the na-
tion.

property, .
to the system of restitution of Church !Ands. By
tiumerrow's post I will seed you an authentic ac-
count of the discovery of this plot, written by a
coosstryotan of ours residing on the spot; from which
Eagiss‘d will be able to judge the merits of the mess
she fostered in her bosom so long—these &Anode
, amsrders, robbery, sod assassination, which wield
pet to the blush seen Roaavicaus himself.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
• •DZAL, J. 4.—Sailed for the River, bibs Isaac
. Todd, Smith, from (liebee.
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 4..—51111114 yesterday his Ma•
. jesty's ship Tike, on a cruise.
Facuouvir, JAN. t—Arrived tie Pallas, Jacks,
from London for the Isle of France.—Sailed the
Princess Charlotte packet, with aMsil for the Leeward
Islands.—Put back yesterday the Fox and Elias
transports bound to Cook.
lisawtot, JAN. 4.—Arrived the Henry Freeing
packet, with a Mail from Holland ; the Castlereagh
and Lord Nelson packets, with Mails from Celibates.
DONS*, JAS. 4.—The stem of a vessel drifted use
shore yesterday, about a mile to the westward of this
port, basing on it the Friendship, of Newcastle, the
word Newcastle apparently lately been written over
'ghat of London; also came on shore a cask of lamp.
black, and part of the deck of a vessel, apparently
the quarter-deck of a foreigner.
, ILFRACOMBE, JAN. 3.—The Concord, Crosscombe,
'from Bristol to Biddeford, with a general cargo, was
last evening at low water run on shore et the entrance
al this harbour and sunk. Part of the cargo has
landed, sod the vessel is expected to be saved.
GRATURND, JANUARY 4.---Arrived the Generous
Frieeds, lialgesy, from Bremen ; Mary, Elsworth,
from Norway • sod the Limlies, Biotin', (roe
Ostend.--Sailed tbe George 111. Fisher, for Cal.
emits ; Ceres, Matthew, for Jamaica ; Constantine,
Wetherell, for lie yti ; Selime, Patteoger, for Marra.
Rambler, Knight, for Malts; Crown, Wilson,
for Trieste • Esse:, Robertson, for. Bourdeass ;
Drake, for Antwerp; Neptune, Shanach,
for Ostend; and Duke of Wellington, Martin, for
ditto.
•

The German nations appear to have gained little
in the way of domestic liberty by their orogen for
adrenal freedom. Still they are persevering in their
claims, and their rulers are only evasive in their de-
aisle. This must aid as it ought ; for Governmeeb.
cannot long resist rang spirit, moderately and just-
ly exercised.
The furies of war have been coefined to another
hemisphere. In Soak America the cause of lode-
pendeme has *dressed with rides' success. Great
Britain has acted in this contest with great caution.—
Her first official smite of this warfare is so recent, that
it becomes unnecessary here to enlarge upon its pro-
priety. The subject, however, is one which concerns
us deeply—es regards warlike •peration, the inter.
minable contest between the Seed' Americas Colosies
end Old Spain, claims the first comideration. Of
Lillis war mach as we hear of it, and neweroes as are
the details which are given as by all parties, it is Mi.
cult.t• speak with recision. Bloody battles thee.

The Thames, from London to flamberah, was
lost in the Fib. on the 19th alt. She is stated to be
Insured for no less • seer thin 100,0001. The
cargo consisted of indigo, dm.

mit
had
the

eftwftetfoo
. egoilibries thellontiChto
r
egigN tai4dwrillikiliksi prove favourable to
*it radio of tint New World. Her spirit appesrt
111 be ellseteisl
her itire=hz;latilymethrt Ferdinand,
of theswaleiseers whom he inn dispatched
with orders f spry and horn Moo, oboes he has yet.
the Maples, to call Ms sobjects. During the last
row Chili has *mews or the adieus yoke of the
nleisition—a great pert of Pere 'has meolted..6.
Easemsela has again been libetated-bwbile, en the
eMe of Notice,- a doebtfel warfare bee been eise.
vied on between the Royalists and lee Republique*. •
• The miser* of Monte Video by the Kieurrf
Detail, for we shaft sot use the 'legitimate misneaser
of telling John IV. King of Porterd, has givens
new teeter, of interest to the groat Soothers Cosa*.
sent ; an interest which is likely to bet felt in the
Very centre of &rope. Of the political motives
which induced this mime, this is not the place to
speak ; 'of its emmequences, k is hinted even now,
that there,. beginning to work on the Cabinets of
Europe. Rem's, it is said, takes part with Spain ;
Enlisted melt Mpoese the inhale of Portugal. An
arbitration hes been talked of.;the King of .Brasil
will listen to no arrangement instil the dispute
lone-Spain and her Colonies Settled.
North America is advancing in arts, asanufacteres,
commerce, agriculture, end Nationality. She may
be forgiven her frailties and faults, for she 'remit a
secure asylem to the patriot factitive of every coon•
try-s-she may be national, for she is free—she may
be rain, for she sees all the world prostrate bet her.
WC And, though she is only 40 years old, she may
as well sooty" and lookbig, as an Old Ledy who
has spent a thousand years itt wan, slavery, and
blood.

tell-
gy
&de

_ __ . bring
;roc:: believe this the King was Either the firit
. ..: ,
et -the petalled actor it the sorry Wee of
110101oetkis even* whose they tepid not dishonest, of
Mammies. men iritenttlsey &Hold net dispirit; which
ins be. illeykstet 41riet !es seer t wentpria years.
" Bet, tit Mt ikiteititiperseei *bee, they may,
the ceilekteibielt Intelsat the alai b teat falling
'itedeceer Oa* and too I. sod I leipit iteln. attains per my
v • thOisertlisiy heves oust *Welly parker,
linfeteallsteedlyi.deditlitall;-etto be table, at the open.
. ' dl. lie. fleet net; .te mimics Bairn with Christien
iltigeithillgoodovill ; for the detestable
iinicill illisefosekste argil repasts, will
ow
obit** • lb Simla. The kontriedge the. the
f 4,
eerie* mfr./ yes tether owing to the will of
the Stbeihdliebits eoibe itlimiii 011ie Idielotei jaws
Ir planes*. It stowed In a degree from
.fty mind
orte:on which I lied len reluctantly entertain.
ellilr. Pitt bed always bee. oily . enemy.—
did set espeat, indeed, that arty' Pinkie? would
to eery sedan in piemoting a min wise professed
and practised Perlionsentery end • porslnel lode-
.pendinee ; bet Mr. Pitt bad heels modes obligations
to me, Sod -be bee* that I hod always been the wire%
friend of kit want friend the Doke of Reiland; it'd
I was unwitting to sepia* ideneopoirto of fotgetting
either obligetibos or connections 10 the 'Outwit of his
!ambition. •
" At to the King's dislike of se, enlist his edtt-
cation lied otede him mote of a Wisig, it wee eaterat
enough. My dratted oppesitles to the leeteesed
and increasing influent. of the Ctown had wide lie
greet ;tape/den on his klajfityli mind I for, ...the
cloy I did homage, he asked the Ihlie 4 &Mead if
his friend the Bishop of Lisistialt was not s gteet ewe
my to the influence of the Croon 1
.say :ins, IL the
sense thee, that he wished be had net oplaie of Mid
azyoer to give sway.
" I presume not 50 tptestion the troth of thisdee
claming, of hi 4 Majesty ; ho; I 'peak with solos /pr•
tainty of the troth 4 the Delte of Rotiond's ',pip
—• That the Bishop 4 blatultif we: an enemy to
the increase nt the indoenee o! the Cto in. from en
apprehension that it won't! dna/mine this C3estile.
lien.' This spnrelotesion was. not then eitteonded.
nor has it sine. then been lessened, bet Wel, 441 g•
mented, especially by 0, enwohliii‘weeselatioNß of
the national debt." • K.
Perhaps some light is thrown,., the anion in
the above extract to the prededer, et thi placid
pat actor in the farce at Ceertt in the renown% pas.

The year which is passed is fell of easful lessons.
We need net recapitulate them. We learn little
from them but a keener sense of the errors of those
who claim esclosige wisdom. We are distitsgeished
for religious toleration; bet our political • literality
is not guiles(' conspicuoes. Our internal eltuation,
coutrasted with that of the last year, is cheering.—
An averegelartest a partial revivalof
.
unprecedented confidence in Public Securities, and a
return of mercantile credit,fornish assay topics for co n-
gratelation. Bet, on the other hand, Pestilence has
stalked through the land—Spies have been openly de,
fended and encouraged, the liberties of Ettglishmee,
hare been annulled—then have been tried, centime-
eel, and esecuted for High Treason, and the Press
woCld have been destroyed but for the spirit of
THREE SPECIAL JURIVI

sage
46 In the 'steatite visitation et my diocese,
which I made this year (1809), I went over the
mountains (roes Neath to s place where no Bishop
had aver held a confirmation before, Merthyr 'Fidel!.
We cannot help expressing our deep regret, that * • • • I was, whilst there, most hospitably en.
the Son of the virtuous Bishop of Landon* should tertaissed, and lodged by Mr. Crairsitay, 'one of the
have thought fit to withhold from his countrymen most intelligent and evident iron masters in Europe.
any part of the valuable legacy which be bequeathed I was delighted with the knowledge I acquired from
to them. *lf any thing can rouse the People of this. his conversation, sod im my tern, took-the liberty
country to evert themselves to stem the tide of tor. to suggest to him sere hints for further improves
'option, and political profligacy, which, in the meet in metallergy, fie. This Gentleman, in cow.
course of the present long reign has been extending anon with many others, not only of the Clergy, but
its influence from year to year, till at tett it hes ac- of the Laity in my diocese, summed Ms astonish.
stoked such strength es to threaten the extinction of meet at the manner in which .1 had been neglected
every thing like probity sod independent feeling by the Coact; and makisig an apology for his frank.
among us, it must be the warning voice of this pious ness, told me, with evident concern, that be was sure
and truly patriotic individual. Teat any consideration I should never be translated. With equal frankness
whatever shield have induced the Son to deport from, I !mused him, that I wield never ask for a transit.
the strictezecation of the trust reposed in him by his ; desiring at the same time, to know thee/solid
Rasher, for the benefit of millions. world be still of his opinion ; he said that be had bete informed,
more deeply regretted by us, if we thought the evil by the best authority (which he motioned), that
was one which did not admit of remedy. We trust, I was considered by the Court at a man of fat
however, that we shall yet be enabled to see the too independent a spirit for them, and had long
Anecdotes of Bishop Wstsoo. In the state in which been put down ix the Queen's Black Book. A few
they were left by himself for publication s that the days before this, another Gentleman wise bad dined
eager desire of the Public that no part of the in- with me at the visitation at Galleon, acquainted me,
'traction destined for them should be withheld. will that
yet be gratified. Tub distinction with which this the the King had once made enquiry of him (It the
Levee) concerning me, end had concluded his
volume has been honoured by those of whose apr inquisition with declaring that I was en impracticable
probation its author, if alive, would have been most man• fesprodieabk!!! I acknowledge the justness
ambitions, from the moment it issued from the press, of the impotation. I have never surrendered the
may easily convince the Gentleman by whom it is principles of Government which I imbibed in my
youth, from the works of Mr.Locke,theegh practised
peblisbed, that the general desire proceeds from a
higher motive thou a mere wish to gratify en idle upon by the Courtly artifices ceder which the honour
curiosity ; and from the proof which it at the same of political cootistoecy usually secenebs; though
asssiledby the repeated fluttery, and dishonoured, se
time affords of the high regard for religion and vir.
tee, which, notwithstanding the baneful influence of some may think, by the *Afore neglect of the King.
Court corruption, atilt esists among the middle I have through the whole coons of my life never
classes of this country, it warrants the consolatory scrupled avowing my Whig pried** eail Perna.
hope, that the dying voice of the virtuous Prelate of rapider, independence; and at it Is erg unnetoral
Llundaff will not base been raised it; vain. • for Kings to suspect men of messing more than they
are willing to avow, I was net serpeiseder cheesed
Conscioes.of his great talents, and the essential sec• at his Majesty's n neglect me. 'Mei in his high Mu.
vice which by Mem of them, he was capable of ten•
alien are peculiarly liable to fore wrong jegetente
dining to religion and to his country, it can Never of persons in ivory sksolos, and more especially of
surely be considered as a matter of reproach that he sbo;bsirodero outflow, siskomsboo rarely
moot
with
would willingly have accepted of that premed** in in the circles composing their .dortrts; but I can
the Church by which his power of dein geed might with justice, in 1812, say totbe ging, -what I said
have been increased. The change of situation, so Mr. " as
which in public justice ought to have taken place, 1710, nefor7„;:e
was a subject 4 paled refledion, and so:prised and sir it you suppose 1 • ow,
that Wroth, asset *steal dm.
vexed Mr. Wilherforim, and many others ewe of sit; to
make the Deascraticetsade of the Comet
Mr. Pint's warmest friends. What a seism:hely ration outweigh -
the I 18:
anonarcensa. Not one jot of
reflection, that the very eine** which. pitted Me wt.!
prerogativen.v of die. Crown do I wish to see
set as the fittest person for ecclesiastical homrs e,
we— not one tittle of the king's influence in
were tie very ease why be did not receive them.—• , thssosobe .
destroyed ,.inept so far as it is es.
On this subject gaga light is thrown In the fellow. waded over the ReproooLiosigeg of the people.,
extract
leg :
pray God that neither of their Majesties, nor any of
" I bad long inspected that I war, from I know their posterity, see_
rs xever know 'by experience, that
not what jug came obaosions to the Court ; but I diese whom the adestoss tad istrisee of Court;
did not, till after la Archhishoptic of York had bean attempt tit stigestize•ae iedeptudent mad lelpraeri:
gives to the.Bisksp of Carlisle, lowa that thad We able min, are fireboat steppeettre ofs fimostitutiorret
proscribed many years before. By a letter from-a 'Throe., think 110 ',eget' enemies at Walkout&
Noble Friend, the Duke of Grafton, dated 10111.0 e. Nowa legeewowethe mica,* ewer 16, begelis.
cember, 1807, 1 was infopned that one of the most thwiceataedees
•
respectable FArls la the Kingdout,who had bag Mange wv".." -• •
my manner of life, on a vacancy of the Mastership of • . . . .
-
Trinity Coney, had pee of his owe accord (and This Wig floesk.Minathirir,almenSeg to embed
Nitboat his ever Sectioning the circumstance to met 'custom, the GetOweett ItV Irma eteceed to
to Mr. Pitt, stating what just pretensions bad to series* Comisie Conseil apeprof-Wordiagit
the offer if it; that Mr. Pitt &material with him ; the Celt if Leaden far the • stew soars
hot said that a tartan person would sot bear of it. tin before die 11101 t geseerable die Meywor,doe
Ought I•to question the veracity of Mr. Pitt? Ito-- i Recorder, tied a Beek of Atiorgiiiiiimt • the £d
I !moot do it. What, thee, eight I so say of a sjostoed'Saliesset •

LATE BISHOP OF LLANDAFF.

•

?I

',
° .y

i

-
• . 5. •
TIM VILA -• . _
•
try
.Piti'Ars doßiglis . SLITROIPAPT Of Till irsda bidets those 'WM ybktajkfaiseist. Peers. OM hsd formal., stealod •ta
141 gibleidott love *is ticcest WO Reprobative of et pulksHonst and had
.s. " PseKAlleh la tors is again toy greet et eery satisfeetory wessitedebidirapidity Indy est ' hale Woe rspattedly heard to my to ethers, that the
tr TO TIIR EDITOR OF Tag" STATESMAN. seiseethmstoss of ilte list yeec....111,401141 . Isileurspil kg assiss4sescse shit y sp. Bishop! of 'Amadei' had done ewe it sappart of tell.
. Readers will recollect tit, dram- ims recalled 'oltiswpiplosd owsicstiow. iissomisiescb- rows. • • Oslo then any Bishop .n tbo Bowed I ought In say
stances of the duel between the Count De ST. •MosTs *ldea Seed Nies si all Miles assedstisss4-o.B* luso for sitiosioreint with St, Paste Thee thditi mg 'Pak *WI of the Rake
and Col. BA Rana nut LA Fairs, is which tie former of austil!!!ir aft sisLtotalle-ssith the nenelhoss the Adm. of ekb, Park'
• waskilled dead on the spot. Ris widow writs a low. 441.111,1" 1178;;;;Ztri7at-lisrts"7""rselilsiebatr-----strate fairannble to " Notir4thstaidiust this Itossedoto, dimwit bring

Os
. t
1 •
• r
ii
.
. 1
)It I ,
A . A
t .
t) 1
. . 4 . t
• i
. 4
; .
•
• 4 .:
'E
4 '
t. /
',4,?
, . 1
. ,
4
4
~. .
II
' . i
. 1
, ,
4
4 1
. .
r

{
<~
~_-_
