i* STAThSMAN.

NAPO!: Ed N BONAPARTE.

:~

To ITOe.
INTERESTING PARTICULARS sent to St. Helena, he would have been.delivered up ' The Countess Montholon is a very interesting wo.
RELATIVE TO BONAPARTE. to the Emperor of Russia. than—she paid little. .
1
BON APAIITE.—Dieu ore garde des Busses!"— Bertrand hiked what size illintld have done had we; .I•ii kEn
_...•--
(God keep me from the Itussiame) In mail% this taken BortaiArie at seri ?
irate here cod. g . .
Sr Henry Bonbary, accompanied by the Honour. •.. Mlle noisier action is,
reply he looked at Gen. Bertrand, and shrtigged up As we wee aping now, was the elite.
able Mr. Bathurst, charged with the communication his shoulder
Lord Keila took leave in the rater-orison of Bonael In simile then in veer:l,l),(4 IA e being here _ -
The sole drift of our purpose,'
.t.verest
of 'the result of the Government to Bonaparte, were e, s' rs
Sir trEORGE r...OOKUVIINE.—" At what hour te- parte, end returned on *ward the Tennant. I Not a frown further." TEMPEST.
conveyed on hoard the Bellerophon by lend Keitles
morrow morning shall I come, General, and receive Lord Lewllser and the Hon. Mr. I. neaten flow i r
etleht• Sir new,' was introduced t" the I'.x- you on board the Northumberland ?" entered sate yell, 'earnest ' eittsiertation with him, 11 .iti 10 it
ate,—On this great subject, . slia. w recap v-
end mutual salutations he read to hi 'r• late and enlarge.—lt has appeared that te Ewes:aloe
WON -- after M lioNAr.keTE wits some surprite at being styled which continued for two hours. As he was ter
.9
the resolution of the Cabinet, by which he was in- seemed ilesiroste of a very freey of FRANCE had abdicated to restore ,441‘ alleged
merely Georeral—sy At It) o'clock."
ferried of his intended transportation to the Island communicative-,
conversation sills these ,two young Gentlenteu, they ir. . . .. . .. . •
ground of the War of the Confederrdes
Bowtrarool 'Maritime Beamed, Savant I ellemand,
• of Helena, with Nor ofsskis friends, to be clinsen. re '. " '' . •
, Count and Countess Montholon were standing near !melee themselves of the. opporterritk, CO enterer) . ranee . the abincation was consols:mai ; the c -Ai'.
,himselfi, and twelve domeetics. He received thise Bonaparte.
that they
of leis i'oroluct. We under.. loon was not adoptied.—The war still continuing, taef
elemation without any mark a•serprize, as he said ,--- - ;
Sir George Larkeurne asked him if be wanted any eiit'atourla him how be, esote to
cottunit takes another step. " Haring terminated his poli-
ty had been apprized of the delertninerion,
.but; thing more before•tiley put to sea. Bertrand replied, the inapoery
rid attacking sfrdoe_tho motives jai. the Heal career, he comes, LIKE. Tilt EMISTOCLES. /4 as.
he ,oroteaned against it in the most emphatic maw- ' stl ricks of rards, a backennatirin and a doininn {leder and Milan Doerees—the war against limits— sure himselfcf thc hospita, the Bni4ssit PEOPLE.
tier, mud in a speech of three waiters of nut hour, ! table, and Madame Heti:eel desired to have some the iefusaleof she fermi of Peace offered hies before lir claims of hit Royal ll:g sets Me PRINCE Its-
dpEirered with great coolsesse, self-posseseion, a"d !necessary • • articles of furniture, Whitt), it was said, the first, capture of Paris, &c. To all these toes. ocarr, the protection of the LAWS of Enot..sarn, 17;4
sagely, mariner! against the eutrageons proceeding.throw.. himself upon the most poerful, the must
I
should be fornishee fortis% hit. lion, we heer, he gave full sters, not asoidieg
He etcapitulated the circumstances under which he oust,- ••
t isonapn rte's Offirerse he ripplessi of jeseirtitte bet rather encouraging the discuseion. We hope So' constant, get snort generowi of his enentlek." Two
had !teen forced, he said, by the breach of 'he • Beauloarriois his first wife, co. or ' ' 'earlier! that faith hid be able to give She particulart, which ought to lie of these characteristic epitle ft need sm Priiiif: the
Treate math. with him by the So aereigns of Europee! not been kept: with the Ern •e'rer, olio expected to known. They are materials for Ili,.torv. .; same might hove been hoped of the &Ai
to quit the Island of Elba—that lie bad exerted .A
. i 1. ! According to the best noodern tieage arid true totiterst-
re. side wilb his suite i;! Great i
Boitain. At the eepiratiom of two hours I oru 1 onion' sod
' ' of the subject, prisoners of teisr, wiles, sooner est-•:
eiresele to prevent the renewal of hostilities— Bonaparte asked Lord Keith's advice. His Lord. m
r. Lyttlei on took leave of them amd went ashore.
bet hit when they became ursavoieteble, and that , ship changed or ransomed, return id their country ; or
merely replied., that he had to obey the orders he His cabin in the Northumberland is fitted up with
go elsewhere, at liberty, *hen the war' is iersif.
the fortune of war decided against him, he yield. 'had
great elegance. Ili% bed is nevus irly Imerlson e a d
received Ircont his Government. Bonaparte then
' n noted. They are pledges not prizes in per friaily.
.ed to the voice of his enemies, 7nd 06 they had I desired another interview with his L(1,1151011. Lord tee linen Ont., it ve.ry flute . ll'siao•I•t •s r f •
ifeclaretiejn the face of the world tleet it was : But a prisoner of war cannot be made hoer. IMP
Keith declines! it, allegieg that it could ont but be • ' '' Ii I ' "l'er•--- ' -c ' he '
A moeg ether articles upon it i 3 a magnificent snuff- '
~ : part of egailiat hint only that they had taken up fi ems, he unsatisfactory—he had no discretion—llia fate could box, epee which N embossed in gold an eagle with ais eover; •Af I) r.t::" of war w" b 4 lii*Wailit
etelicated the Imperiel• Crown of France, in ..he full not be altered. Whig frinitelf ..-tY`
' erow it lh ing fecini Elba to the coast of France . trade .."y 1","""h"Y Tina' , ••• • 9 ...1-Elh'
cenfelenre that the-Allies would be faithful to their 1 An Officer who stood near him said—" Voir would the e„„t . • •1 of ,
e just seeing the roast 'cram..., and toe , TIIE k.airer on whose account ear rasa zritgreri
?Memo declaration, read leave his country to the set. i have been taken if you had remake(' at Roc:;ef,trt , —to the hospitality, gesuesosity, 'anti 144 i of the
re,in•ctive ilistances,are ado:trebly ellishulett.
13‘,03 7,3 i t,! : 't he Vi. let de Ceambres are particularly fine
men.
ii State with whom he kid been'
.et aver, bikeitotn,
dement of their Wen affairs; ON, unarmed, and still' I another hour, and tent off to Paris."
she vie.* of eeeking an asylum as a private intlividt,ai ! turned his eye upon the speaker, but did not :peak a , They and all about him ni wa) a arldre,s him by the I after this act of his, he conSideirel as tai
is, iio
in guelanas he hail first sought rd be receised urid,er i word. Ile fleet addres•eil himself to Sir G• Cock- ;liter et 1.. m
pro,
....0,,e
of
them
was formerly. a
ser- longer. By Lord Catter.ertraoit itrltirce, it cone
the diesel( • allegiaece, 4114 troller the pretetilon Of, borne, and asked several questions stbnitt St. 11. letto• : trztot to ti..,.11),,k,.fir ywa„ Siderrd ns having terminated hostilities; and re it
..
our laws. and had finally voluntarily put himself into s :ee to be Inoperative tisoti ha to she Atistrietuf in:
' " Iti there any bootleg, or shooting there—Where ; The Ileilenphon, Totenant, wort Mardi,: returned
d" -lull whose— set h is?
Me British tearer: to this predicament, he felt hint. anti to, new ?4,, ,
'to Pl,) mouth Seutul last Tuesday. The Norfklember- -I" .
. Mr. Bownoik, who is certarly opt fairturaiditc; self eneitleden protest against the measure now an.
lie thee abruittlyAranged the subject, and burst land was lying tan oil Plymouth on 'reedit'', though.
nounced stritim : and in a long erguesent, in eliirlt i • • • • c srONATARTE, to Iliiii greet Abe sienderful men (wee.
ntoinoremvectives,agaiost the 'Orel ninetti, to which the wind was fair . shut it is
supposed e. sslatting i .. . . . . .
he showed himself to he *ell versed in our laws, besfo.(r)rpthe !V.-ern:Via
_soor.e.ship,
.o.h_le.h.._w_aLta.k.ing in. lerrui her
admits hen to ), and otie, 1 twit.;
no engem" was rette reed.
' heed, in astonishingly stud blealoiluttly Mistake's iss
reasoned aguinat the art. Whether he bed rely ides of a writ of Habeas Cor- i 9,0.:... aoi %AS IP compiere MOM by the nest
Sir 11. Buithury and Mr. Billinrst say, that his ' pus or nv) we knot's' yet, but he was very solicitous day_ supposing that whenever Bottai.trrit Biel, he still
'teener was temperate, his language eloquent, and to go aeletre. t I die iinpitied And unregretted ;,yet 111519Crivul that
that he conducted himself throughout in the most pie- , Ile then repressed grime indignation at being styled To Tr, r: EDITOR or rwc ST'AT'ESMAN. " balk ggneroilly andjostice require that he be forth
possessing way. The account they give of his per- . General--aVilig 66 rem have sere Ambassador} to with set hi liherly."-LI hare alreitif aster' the
e ;tying so
ee..ry ;nat.. ground, foe the same rpiiiime—BOth he arid' t
--teme--ighly
grit . ,
eviasise manner is, we understand, highly intere,tiog. ! ete as a Soierelgn *Pe tentat •—yeu hese schemer- ! Sin, ft must b h•
Sir Henry answered to his discourse, that lie had no ; 'edged me as First Coo arel."—lle took a great deal . . agree that, by the law of Stations and of nature,
there would be no difficulty as to this. [tot he
victual in the kingdom to see the very liberal Sue.
commission, but to make known to him the resolution .of snuff whilst speaking.
-of his Majesty Ministers—but said that he should( .After reminding him that the Northumberland's ectiptien that has been raised for the relief or the thinks there is a great difficitlty, because the Ccinfe-
faithfully report the reasons that he had stated against : barge would pomp for him rat len on Monday murnieg, 'Wounded, and the Widows and Orphans of the deretes, with whom •we ire allied, have ode
.:
the proceeding. . feed Keith aid Sir Georxe Cochin:roe retired. ,brave men who fell at the battle of Waterloo. No wrong; end by so doing, have put theMselves on
The Belferophon and Tonnunt put to sea from Early nit Monday morniing fir George Corkburne one feels more pleasure than Ido on this occasion : der an extreme embarrassment hew to lid eff)tt/x.,..--
Plymouth Sound on Friday, and here we most ex. 'wear on hoard tee Bellerophon to superintend the
hot I am decidedly averse to the manner in which This embarrassment of theirs will be eo justilic‘a-
lion either to them or to us : and it can be no ex-
plain the statement that they sailed to avoid the ser- inspection of Boriaparte's huger.; it consisted of
ill
e money so raised is usually distributed. As 1 case for our disregarding, the law of nations and:of
vice of a writ of 11,1beas Corpus. , two services of plate, several articles in gold, • SW.
or
toilet of plate, books, beds, &c. They found t • generally 9 •
lank it is not kuriwit I- will state the j enture, for our violating our own constitalLottal
The fads tat the case are, that the concourse of ' Pen •
boats in Plymouth Sound, and the loss of some lives but 4000 gold Napoleons, and these were sexed up !mintier in which it was divided after the battle ori law, for
isitantour di-claiming by act the high charkefer
•
which had already taken Places induced the Govern- a,,d detained. They were all , sent on board the Copenhagen, in the year 1501. In dint battle I. re- I and. opinion of us on which this heroic v
i has staked
. his all, esteeming as as incapable of dis-
went le remove the Bellerophon to a greater distance; Northumberland about 11 o'cloek. ceived a wound in my knee, and immediate emptier- , aprooireing this his confidence in our geherOtitr and
Bonaparte had brought with him from France
and the writ which is spoken of was a sulnicetta from tints was ' I d - When I was at Var. 1 justice.
jut ge necessary.
the Court of King's Bench, obtained by Mr. Marken. about 40 servants, amongst whom were a groom,
mouth Ilespital, I was informed that a Boatswain's 1 hare said too, that, if he were e isittoitet of
tot, who has a cause pending in that Court, in which • Postilion, and lamplighter. Two-thirds of these
lie wanted the evidence of Napoleon and Jerome Be_ were sent on hoard the Eurotas.
I Mate, belonging to the ship in which lltad served, war at the time, being a pt ironer under the ease
.
possible circumstances, he ought
load received 251. of the subscription money for his , favourable of all
wiper* and Admiral Villaumez. - The f.)fficer arrived : At half-past 11 o'clock, Lord Keith, in the barge
1 to be rep eird as coming under his parole hither;
with this subpoena at the house of Sir John Duck. of the T'onnant, went on board the Bellerophon to share. This man was very slightly wounded, so
nut
.fo be imprisoned on his arrival, refused per.,
worth a few minutes after the Helkrophon had receive Bonaparte and those who were to accompany iti-is
g tly, I believe, as not to prevent him from doing otes•ion to laud or to see any one, and consigned'to
sailed. • - o Irian. lloomperte, before their arrivel and afterwarels,
Ms dut N •9' I had lust y• Now, • •r, at a leg, you may i perpetual captivity (which is slavery), under guard
The lalorahumberlossd sailed from Pertsmoutb ow !Addressed himself to QlNitin :14"it 1"d and the °II. „ • readily imagine lex . • i
pected to receive. at least of his renerehrse bryned- -thy-- sear, in 'a refnote,
ems of the Bellerophon. After descending the ladder
Friday last, and on nearing Torbay on Sunday, per.
a„ three or four times as much as he did (for [had no i scarcely accessible, and almost deserted Island. The
keeled two line-of battle. ships approaching her,whicb :into the barge, be pulled off his lust to them ag . .
I idea of a prisoner at war to be excluded rein all re-
. Lord Keith received its tl..z barge the following per- idea that it was to be shared like prize-money), but i.. , _ . f
'proved to be the Bellerophon, with Bonaparte on :case, ransom, or exchange, under any poss?nle eh--
board, and the 7'onnant, with Lord Keith. In a few wages: I was miserably disappointed.
. eumstances (and the place desientel confirms the
1 hours th4Northonsberland hailed them, and asked af. Batiaparte, • After having remained 13 months in floe Hospital I statement that such was the intention),, - •
ter Bonaparte? who, she was informed, had not come Gen. Bertrand and Madame Bertran , d with their at Yarmouth, I was removed to the hospital-ship at 1 ,
! pe-t 11- II 1 d is utterly re-
g sant to a pr nc si es an practice of modern cl-
out of his cabin for some dies. The ships came to children,
the Nore, where I remained two months longer. I : vilizre war. .
an anchor off Torbay. Count and Countess Montholon and child,
Count Lascasas, ' was then advised by Dr. KENT (a Geutleman for I It does not fellow that because prisonert.of war
General Bertrand went first on board the Tonnant brought to England may be kept its England dureirle
' Gen. Gorgaud, whom I feel the Brea est respect for his humane treat-
where he dined with Lord -Keith and Sir George Nine' - ,', the war, that therefore, as the Courier supposes, theme
Melt also three women servants. • meat of me) to get down hoene as speedily as pass'.
Cockborne. lie is a man of about 50 years of age, -may be sent Our of IT priSoHters for life; beyond 0
and extremely well behaved. At dinner Sir George I Bonaparte's surgeon refused to accompany him ; Isle, and try what effect my lintive air would hare tpuie of our• Lan:, and Constitution. It dors not feta
gave him a general explanation of his instructions upon which the Surgeon of the Belkrophon offered to upon me. Judge, Sir, what I felt on being told. I low, that, because by temporary statutes, al* wrgye
tent
with respect to Bonaparte; one of which was, that supply his place.
' after having languished 15 months in an hospital, Ihe required awl cemoelled to quit this island Oen
Isis baggage must be inspected before it was received Bonaparte was this day dressed in a cocked hat,
wound was incurable. I took the 'h
••
good i we ore al war with I ur country; therefore, when
on board the Northumberland. Bertrand expressed much worn, with a tri-coloured cockade ; his coat that mY Iwe are al peace oith it, they:coming and claiming
his opinion strongly sophist the measure of sending was buttoner{ close round him—a plain green one, Doctor's advice, weak as I then was, went
the protection of our laws, their claim is to be ere,
the Emperor (as he and all the suite constantly styled . with a red collar ; he had three orders—two creases, to Chatham, got my discharge, and set off for savored by our seeding them away prisoners by force
him) to St. Helena, when his wish and expectation and a large silver star, with the inscription 4'
Hon. London.--On my arrival there I went to and for ever.
I, were to live quietly in England under the protection . near 4 Patric ;" white breeches, silk stockings, gold Lim ypss to receive my share of the subscription. I hare stated that a foreigner, while in England,
of the English laws. Lord Keith and Sir George ;buckles..
It happened not to he a day for transacting business, is a temporary subject : this distinction beteteets the
Coekburne did not enter into any discussion upon the I ' Y
savar and I alletnand were left behind in
. the Bel-...
isubdile perpetui et teniporarts is recortilee by Gee-
aml I was desired to leave my address. I did so, and
Subject. 1 lcrophon. , Tills and by our own jurists.
After dinner Lord Keith and Sr George Cock- I Savary seemed in great dread of beine given op to down home. Soon after my arrival my money I
came 1 • 1 I hare stated, that, as such, owing to local
the French Government, repeatedly asserting that was remitted, and you may judge, Sir, how
berne, accompanied by Bertrand, went in the Ad. great allegiance, he is entitled to protection while he stays
mind's yacht towards the Bellerophon. Previously , the hotiottr of England would not allow him to be was my astonishment to find that my share amounted with its; and that he is, therefore, within the fall
to their &trivet, B.snaparte's arms and pistols had :landed again on the shores of France. f
to only 51.! !1 I hope it is not the intention of the , benefit of the Act II of ..ABE.IS CORPUS; rind of title
been taken away front him—not. without comelier- ' About twelve o'clock the Tonnant's barge reached
able altercation and objections on the part of the the Northumberland. Bertrand stepper! first op. - . • •
French Officers.
Those who were not to accompany him were sent
on board Euretas frigate. They expressed great re-
luctance at the separation, particularly the Polish
Officers. Bonaparte took leave of them individual- ou deck, Bonaparte next, mounting the side of the , Committee to make. a prize-money business of this
I euuscription.
i There is, Sir, another subject to which lam de- 1 there cen be uo doubt, either in principle or iot
practice.
ship with the activity of a seaman. The 'Marines . nil this a
Were drawn out and received him, but merely as a i sirous of calling your attention, and that is the hi- But, now, anew method is started for rectifying
accumulated unexampled wrong ; wrung
i which ought to strike general horror and alarm, it'
General, presenting arms to him. He pulled off his equality of Pensions. It is, I believe, the general i committed against the most obscure individual. And
hat. As soon as he was upon deck, he said to Siriopinion that loss of limbs ought to be classed with r here patdon me, but I really distrusted my septet',
t l
George Cockburite-44 Je suds si cos ordres." He : and doubted whether I were reading the Morning
Iv. A Colonel I'istowski, a Pole, Was peculiarly 1 length service, of and that lie who has lost a limb
bowed to Lord Lowther and Mr. Lytteoti, who] Chronicle, or ant rather the Times or the Courier.
desirous of accompanying him. He had received should receive a pension equal to that which he re. o
were near the Admiral, and spoke to them a few i . , A PRECEDENT has been found, amt a line of con.
seventeen wounds in the service of Bonaparte, and
words, to which they replied. To at, Officer, he i
I ceases, who has served 20, or even 30 years. This, (1,. •
act is clearly market! out,—" By no means let flit:
said he would serve in any capacity, however me-
nial, if he tould be allowed to go with him to St. said, " Duns qucd corps servez you:, p"—([n what i
however, is very far from being the case at present. faus of England be violated ;" but once clear of that
s Helena. The orders for sending off the Polish Of. corps do you serve?) 'The Officer replied, "In i I When Igo to receive my pension, I can see men whoa all is well. A precedent! I should hare been
the Artillery." Bonaparte immediately rejoined„
are not very far advanced its years, and who, to all astonished if one had been found. This, which our
ficers were peremptory, and he was removed to the
" Je sore de cette service moionetne."—(%! was ori-!.' , Ministers have endeavoured to make (and, if thcy
Eurolas. Savary and lAllemand, however, were not o appearance, are as sitaind and as able to get a liveli-
amongst those sent on board the frigate—they were h natty ha that service myself.)-411(1 taking leave of hood .. the • the rate of 301
s ever were receive after
left in the Bellerophon. the Officers who had accompanied
him front the Be!. • ' " ":
t thing), TIIIS will resound through the world, end
‘V hen Lord Keith and Sir Geer Cge ockburne
lerophon, and embracing the nephew of Josephine, iothers in the same con-
per attn. ; ehilst I and many . through all history and all time. And I trust the
was not going to St.
Helena, he went into the myself,
dition as receive but 141. per ann. Ido not , fate of it will effectually prevent there ever Mug
west onboard the Bellerophon on Sunday afternoon, who
Bonaparte was upon deck to receive them, dressed . i But, what is this precedent ?-3lnfor John Ber.
I • • • were assembled, Lord Keith, Sir G. Cockhurtie, money they receive ; but I think I ought to receive
in ',green Cott with red facings, two epaulettes, White Lo /nardi a Count of the Empire, born in Englaroe,
Lord Lowther, the lion. Mr. Lyttleton, &c. as much as they dn. I hope it .will not be long before • r
waistcoat and breeches, silk stockings, the star of was apprehended on board a ship lying off Col-
the never gave in my
adhesion
to Louis
the Legion of Honour, and a chapeau bras, with the Legislature take this into their serious considera. ,
coestor, at low water mark, and committed antler a
XVIII. It is therefore palpably unjust to proscribe
the tri.coloured cockaJe. His face is remarkably I lion, and give that attention to thesmubject it seems warrant of a Justice, November, 3G91 ; and effete
me. However, I shall return In a. year or two to
plump, and his head rather bald upon the top. Al. to demand. If you think the above remarks worthy ward, by the Lord, of the Privy Council, removed
superintend the education of my children.
ter tke usual salutations, Lord Keith, addressing
of attention by giving them a place in your valu. to clew 9 h March, 1656.
confinement in 11.'eugate, _st.
himself to Bonaparte, acquainted him with his in- Madame Bertrand appeared mach distressed ; said 1 . es-There not being suffireent evidence to try him, ee
tended transfer from the Bellerophon to the North- she was obliged to leave Paris in a. hurry without able Paper, you will oblige,
: and others were detainee by an Act of 10 and lt.
timberland. clothes or any necessary. She had lived its the house Sir, your most obedient servant,
. W. 3. c. 13 *—King Italians, it is said, promised
Bonaparte immediately protested with great vette. now occupied by the Doke do Beal. She spoke Leicestershire, A g-9, 18(5. A PENSIONER.
that he would, in a short time; release him.; lie
Dienes against this act of the British Goverument_ most flatteringly of Iter husband—said the Emperor —e--- died,—they remained in custody.
he did not expect it—he did not conceive that any was too great a man to be depressed by elrcum- ' The French expedition appointed to take posses- ! By successive Acts of Parliament, this officer and
Possible objection could be made to his residing its stances, and concluded by expressing a wish for souse sion of the Isle of Bourbon, arrived at Port Louis, ' nobleman, Major BeneAstrot, was further detained.
England quietly for the rest of his life. Paris Papers. Isle of France, the 31st of March, and sailed from in custod during the reign of Queen Anne and 07
No answer was returned by either Lord Keith or Count Montholon spoke of the improvements made thence the day following. Two French merchant 1 George I He was reduced to a deplorable state of
Sir George Ceckburne. A British Officer who stood by Bonaparte in Paris: alluded to his bilious corn- ships bad also arrived there on the 2d of April, with i ,
tear him observed to him, that. If he bad not been plaint which required much uereise. cargoes of wine and manufactured goods from France. '

~_

• - —t-nr • lb;
1116. •

~-

-

• Hargrave's State

AkiaMi

,:j, , ,

~~

•=r
..A*44 • *lite, 4116
• or • r

-a-_y..... y~,..~.. .
J~

-'---- .--

lel

1,11

-j
