'ME STATESMAN

enly the gown was &Chard. to be conesckted, end
also ft*o pair of black silk •stockings which were
pecked op with it.
For vesations such 'Obese, not to mention the
pains and perils of the seas, and the impositions to
which all travellers in strange countries are subject,
it is necessary for these who cross the Channel to be
prepared.

. .

•

B. )3.

made a more faithful observer of his promises to the
Colnies than lushes proved to the Mother Country ?
and in what manner are the Allied Powers to fulfil
the stipulations of their guarantees, should the King
of SPAIN be unwilling or unable to execute his en."
gagements, as be has already proved in the case of
the Treaty with Await', in regard to the Floridas
Were the South Americans so silly and confiding as
to surrender their liberties and new establishments
to the grasp of despotic and ambitious authority, on
the faith of promises from distant Powers ; such
guarantees would impose on the European Powers
a task which they would feel as much difficolty
as reluctance in performing..--What are the
securities which FICIDINANIVS Allies are to give
to the Inhabitants of South America • for the
privileges they demand,? I/ the guarantee af-
fords no actual oecurkly, it is absurd to talk about
it. It isabsurd, we know, to think a moment of the
possibility of men who have gone so far, and obtain-
ed so much genuine. liberty and power, voluntarily
giving op their valuable acquisitions, to trust to fo.
reign Governments, who have proved themselves ini;
mica! to the freedom and the rights of mankind, in
every instance, for the benefits arising from such
blessings. But it is necessary to examine such rea-
soning as is intended to reconcile men's minds to
slavery. The Courier will have it that 46 the.natives•
of South America are yet too feeble in their ink*.
ltactual character, to govern themselves wisely," add
therefore it is a piece of great kindness and-humanity
1 in the Allied Powers, who have so signally, shown
their talents to govern men humanely and
wisely, to undertake the regulation of south
American affairs,—the Petticoat King, it might
have been added, being also ton feeble in his intr.!.
hams' character, to manage these concerns himself.
Feeble however es the South Americans are 'apposed
lobe, we apprehend they will make the experiment
of governing themselves, rather than trust to the.tender
mercies of FERDINAND, and the faith of Kings who
,have destroyed the liberties spa independence of
every State they have overrun. We do not believe
that it is proposed as a security, that the Colonists
shall have the benefit of Representative Assemblies,
'tor that, in order to guard against a sudden re-esta-
blishment of despotic Government, and to afford
time for the arrival of succours from the Allies, it is
letended that the Spanish troops in the Colonies
shall be reduced to a limited establishment, and
that the principal strong holds shall be garrisoned
by the native militia. Are the Allied Powers to
have resident Agents in the different Colonies
to superintend the conduct 'of the Native Au-
thorities, and of the Spanish Civil and Military
101ficers, end to report thereon to their respective
Sovereigns; or may the Colonists, like the French
Royalists, take this mode of redress without the
charge of disloyalty ? If such securities are implied
in the vaunted guarantee of the High Allied Powers,
it is obvious that the Sovereignty of Spain over her
Trans•Atiantic possessions will, henceforth, he merely
nominal. If their guarantee does not go to this Went,
it amounts to nothing, and will effect nothing. In
short, we rejoice to say, that whatever may be pro-
posed, it is evident that the form of 'things in South
America cannot now be so altered that uncontroul-
led despotism can resume the reign which it has so
long held to the injury of mankind in that extensive
region. South America will not listen for a moment
to such arbiters. They offer their mediation only
for the purpose of betraying. They invited the South
Americans to subvert the power which prostrated
their strength ; and afterwards calmly listened to
the proposals of that power, to bind the Patriots
again in chains! They solemnly pledged them-
selves to the world, not to interfere in the in-
ternal government of France ; and yet combined
with the bondsmen of the Holy Alliance, to compel
that country to receive its Sovereign from them !
They offered protection to the venerable Republic of
Genes, and unrelentingly consigned her to the
bondage of the Sardinian King ! They honourably
sent British soldiers to assist the Spanish Cortes
against the French invaders, and when the Invaders
were swelled, dishonourably left its liberal Members
to the vengeance of the restored and ungrateful
tyrsut !

--ew—
By the Bombay Papers which have arrived to the
_9th of April, we have received Copies of two Pro-
clamations lagged at Candy by Generil Bltowtvittnn,
which confarn the previous accounts of the distracted
state of that island. One, dated the fist of Fe.
br ua ry , declares. Martial. Law to be established
throughout all the Caudian. Provinces against all
persons guilty ofTreason or Sedition; and the other,
bearing date the 2d of March, orders the confiscation
of the property of a Native Chief, named ELLA.
POLLA, who had fled from Candy and joined the Re-
bels ; it also declares him to be out of the protection
of the Lazo, and his life to be forfeited; and offers
a reward of 1000 riz dollars to any one who will de.
liver him up to the British Authorities. We suspect
that such sanguinary measures are not likely to suc.
geed with a Nation of the spirit and temper of that of
Candy.
It was stated in the accounts of the early part of
the campaign in India, that two British Officers
(Messrs. HUDITgR and Mottnrsow), Cornets in the
Madras Cavalry, had been taken Prisoners and put to
death by the troops of the PitssuWA. Prism the India
Papers recently arrived; we rejoice to find that no

. i
*

.

- • ,
• P• t
) , •
•
• A
,

t

jai
eseh wanton. cruelty has been practised, and that
'these two ceftives were, on the contrary, treatq
with every a&ntion toiheir personal comforts. we
are indebted for this information to the captor, or
the fortress of %note, on the surrender of which
they were found in the place. The 6gwerel cit.
1 cumstance of a British General hsnginethe Coo.
minding Officer of the fortress of Talnier, after ler.
