THE STATESMAN

that an illicit importation of slaves bad taken place. The
Registry Bill was then introduced. This measure nothing
had occurred to render necessary, and it bad led to the most
serious consequences.
Mr. liftmen; 31. P. rose very shortly to explain why he
did not go at large into the subject. Though he might
have differed from the other Members of the Committee in
some respects, after the Resolutions which had been,
adopted, he felt it to be his duty most cordially to recom-
mend the adoption of the Petition. He was an Agent for
Jamaica, and might have strong feelings in favour of that
island, but in the course which he bad taken with reipect
to the West India question, he denied that he had done any
thing which he would not have done had be not been an
Agent for Jamaica. His constituents had dist en a wrong
inference from one of his letters. He corrected this, and
wished it to be known that he had never heard from
Government the appalling sentence, that no compensation
would be allowed for property in slaves which might he
interfered with by rnea,ures of state policy. With the
view they took of the subject, he was not surprised at the
angry feelings of hie constituents. Their hastily voted
resolutions, however, which had been sent over, be consi-
dered to have done good, at they had caused the Govern-
ment to give the subject their best attention. He was in
hopes that some of the steps so imprudently taken would
be retraced.
Mr. tiOSSETT, M. P. expressed his concurrence in the
petition.
Major DALHIAC said be was strongly of opinion that
the meeting ought to put forward, as a prominent feature
in their statement, that they looked forward to the eman-
cipation of the slaves. Yes, he was satisfied that the West
India interest would never repose on a sure foundation un-
less in the abolition of slavery.—(Much disapprobation.)
He knew many respectable persons were of a different opi-
nion, and lie did not mean to state that they were wrong.
Ile saw no danger in gradually preparing the minds of
negroes for the reception of freedom. Ihe diffusion of
liberal ideas was allowed by all to he necessary to pave the
way for the emancipation of the negroes.—(Here the noise
became so loud !hat the speaker could not proceed.)—Calm
and temperate reasoni►tg was the surest modeof promoting
truth and jostice, The speaker attempted to proceed, but
the sounds " emancipation," " freedom," " liberal ideas,"
seemed to have too powerful an effect on the nerves of his
audience, lie was proceeding for some some time, when a
person called out " You are a Saint—go to Wilberforce."
He replied he was no Saint, but had more, he feared, of the
composition of a sinner in him. In this manner the ad-
vocate for gradual abolition continued to be baited, when
in cot clu.ion, he moved the following amendment
I. It is the opinion of this Meeting that rational and de-
fined liberty is a blessing to which the whole race of mankind
have an original title.
" 2. That in accordance with this principle, and being fully
aware that a state of slavery is incompatible with those moral
ties ;—(Hisses, and cries of " bring Mr. Wilberforce,") those
social feelings of gratitude which in free countries bind the
t to the master, this Meeting anxiously looks forward to
that desirable period when the black population of the West
Indian Colonies shall be deemed by the Legislature of the Mo-
ther Country to be so far advanced in moral attainments as to
be worthy of being admitted to the condition of free labourers
—and capable of properly appreciating the blessings of rational

freedom.
" S. Fearlessly as this Meeting proclnisns to the world the
feelings by which they are actuated in common with their fel-
low men ; anxious as they ever will be to give those feelings
effect by a oordial cooperation with the British Parliament ;
they still feel it a duty incumbent upon them to declare, that all
unworthy or base appeals to the passion r,f the yet uneducared
negroes can only retard Instead of promoting the beneficent
views of the Legislature. and that it is necessary that the ne-
groes should be taught ' How very short lived Is that liberty
which comes hurried along by the hurricanes of commotion,
and which enthrones itself upon moral ruin.'
" 4. That it is the opinion of tills Meeting that the Owner
. . .

and Occupiers of the Soil of the British Welt Indian Colonies
are as much entitled to Legislative protection as the Owners
and Occupiers of the Soil of Great Britain.
"6. That this Meeting relies upon the justice of Parliament.
trusting that In every measure which m4y hereafter be brought
forward in furtherance of ultimate emancipation, a due regard
will be had to vested and acknowledged rights, and a convic-
tion of the justice and of the necessity of equitable indemnifi-
cation."
The interruptions in the course of the reading of the
Amendment were so great, that the Chairman found it ne-
cessary to interfere. He begged to put it to the meeting,
whether the cause 'of the West Indian Colonies was
such that they need be afraid of what any Gentleman
could say. lie hoped they would allow every one to
offer what he thought proper, subject to such animad-
versions as others might afterwards think it right to
make.
The Amendment was then heard to the end, and handed
up to the Chair. Not being seconded, it was not submitted
to the Meeting by the President.
Mr. TAYLOR (of Carshalton) supported the Petition.—
He pointed out the dangers attendant on interfering with
Colonial property, as exemplified in the fatal Stamp Act
which led to the separation of America from England.
Mr. CAMPBELL deprecated the intemperate zeal of the
abolitionists, which had retarded the progress of the cause
they wished to promote.
61r. J. PULLER was of opinion that the Negro could not
be got to work three days in the week as a free labourer.—
He hoped the Crown would by proclamation do away the
hope of emancipation being emanciated among the negroes,
but at the same time 'friction every practicable measure for
ameliorating the condition of the slaves, through the means
of the Colonial Assemblies.
The Petition was then put, and carried with only one dis-
senting voice: and after a few words from Mr. Manning.
in approbation of the petition, it was left for signature, and
ordered to be presented to his Majesty on the next Levee-
day, or sooner, if opportunity offered.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.—(Tuts DAT.)
JUDGMENT.

The LORD Crater JUSTICE G►rronn proceeded in this
long pending cause to deliver the jud meat of the Court.
His Lordship observed that such was the contradictory
nature of the evidence on each side, that the question was
one of great difficulty. upon which a decision could be
given. The Court had paid much attention to the affida-
vits of tfie unfortunate man. the plaintiff in the case. and
also to the set-off affidavit made as to subsequent conversa-
tions with Joseph Hunt, but was of opinion that it m iialy
was entitled to credit, nay to be believed, as it was not an-
swered, although subsequent events bad rendered the
credit of that unfortunate man (Thurtell) in a
very suspicions light. The Court did not at all
impugn the motives of Mr. Beaumont. although the affi-
davits filed by the plaintiff reflected much on him; yet as
he bad a very important trust, it was neeessary for him
to act with caution before he permitted such large
sums of money to go from his hands. The Learned
Judge then proceeded at great length to review
the whole of the proceedings in this case. which have al-
ready been before the public, and finally said that the
Court was of opinion it would not be exercising a sound
judgment by sending the case back for a new trial.
The motion for a new trial was then negatived, con-
quently the creditors of Thomas Thurtell become entitled
to the money laid in the Insurance policy. we believe
1,340 E
The COURT was crowded to excess, anal the decision was
received with some applause.

ft is said that General the Marquess of Hastings, K. 0
G.C.8., and U.C.H. will succeed to the high appoint•
wants which were held by the late Lieutenant Ueneral a
T. Maitland.

SHIPPING I NTE LL 10 ItNe E.
-....mw•-•

DLit.. February 10.—Wind S.W.—About 8 o'clock last
evening the wind Hated to N *hen the whole of the
c.utward hound sailed.—Early this morning It backed again to
the Southward, and in the course of the day got to S.W. with
light breezes and thick hazy weather.-3 p. m. the Dominica,
for Dominica, is now putting back, with several small brigs.—
Arrived the Cordelia, Bulky, from Saloe.
PORTSMOUTH, February 10.—Plymouth,0.—Wind S.W.—No
arrivals or sailings. • •
FALMOUTH, February 9.—Wind S.W.—Sailed his If. M.
Packet Magnet, for Lisbon ; Prince Regent Packet, for the
Mediterranean; Countess of Chichester Packet, for Buenos
Ayres ; Lord Hohart Packet for the Brazils, and the Osborn
Packet for America.

Livitapoot.February 9.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Magnet,
Fisher. from Coarleston : and Fulman, Forster, from Mar •
seilles.—The Tom, from Liverpool to Lancaster, was lost un ,
Cockermouth Sands on Fri lay last.
Dolma. February Io.—Wind S.W.—Off the Port the Hester
Gibbons, from Palermo, and the Phesdo, Bishop, from De-
merara.

GRAVESEND, February 10.—Arrived the Helen, Way; and
Industry, Bass, from Lisbon ; and Esther, Lowther, from De
merara.—Railed the Princess Charlotte, Lyons, for Jamaica ;
Duke of Bedford, Cunningham, for Madras ; and Te.emashus,
Liaby, for Newfoundland.
