hare done nothing but vex and degrade, and who
havestitied in the germ its prosperity, as your:Excel.
lencies yourselves acknowledged iu the declaration
yeti have addressed to us. But our fund expecta-
tions lasted only a moment ; neither its the orders
sent fur the election of members to.complete the
Central Junta, nor in that for the convocation of
the National Cortes, have been sueu any thing but
a culpable partiality in layout of the degraded re.
lies of Spain, and an iujurious reserve in the in•
vitatioti to resume our rights.
44 What free solfrage, what equal representa-
tion, could. your Excellencies expect from deputies
chosen, by .the Americas cabildos (councils)?
those bodies that the Spanish Ministry have we.
formty endeavoured to oppress, to deprive of pub.
lie eaqiitieneet and ignotainiouely to reduce them
elder the like. oitthority with their own imam.
diet, 'gents.? Have me not seen in the Carnets
the clearest testimony el this truth, in the election
of the Regent, Dun Joagain do Mosquera, at
She very time when he !was held its-utter-dettesta.
Con 4.7 Its inhabitants ? it.is true that the,Central
Juntal from a-regard to exterior deceneYolid:de.
elipc to ratify this elation; but even this refusal
involved in it the most palpable contradictions
with the former order; and the new method of
conducting sucholections, insteatt oft cutting
ep
corruption by the ,lacy' misters it ova with octane=;
stbk palliatives, sent competent.. tivese4ekmaintislas
the decorum of Greeernments.-and•too-thintY tieatt4l
teeed.even to delude the Anicricani....e '
66 To confer un all the inhabitants of the .Pe.
oitisela the right of namieg*cpneteutetivesto4e
peitiouel curies, and to reduce this .004 ile
Arran ,
the, mere massive Sole of the-Jellies; :iit.to7'
establl.h mode for the European DeWitt*, very
differen,t.lo that prepared fur. Agit, of AfattrlCili
and, is to deny, to the latter the importenca its ex.
tensise.poholktoilieseeng.. This I. ttot;to' she
us tilStiectly.that liberty sod fraternity, of which
ere )have been deprived, but it Is to substitute for
those' invaluable blessings insignificant formalities
and empty premise% and, in a word, it is the c0n.,.,
tintiance of that artifice under which we ,have re.
!maned for. three igts leading-strings, or in.,
chains. It is to give wto understand that wear*,
tod ienerant, to comprehend our rights, and.. that
therefore we meat remain in humiliation and slavery..
4'6 The Caraccas has suppressed for a long time
therie sentiments ; it was believed that the union of
all the dominions of Spain, was the only shield
under which the Monarchy could be sheltered
front the tempest that threatened it, and tb pre..
gene this unity, which appeared to us so import-
ant, we have sacrificed our own interests*, and
have exhibited before the world what we con-
ceived to he a meritorious example of self.denial
and resignation ; matters are now changed. The
greater part of the Peninsula is occupied by the Or.
ieics of the Tyrant of France, and the Central
Junta is dissolvtel and dispersed. What else re.
snakes for the Americans but to consult their own
security ? What utility could they expect from
longer submitting to authority which had lost their
character of dignity and independence ? The
language which of late has been arrogated in the
Caraccas,the evils suffered nut only from the Junta,
but from the Council of Real Audierichi, their re.
rated atteeepts tb eorltravene the law% and the
suspiciun with which their measures were examined,
rendered it necessary to depose them. The ottani.
snity.of the people of CatfiCelS had already de.
priviel.theen of teal power, and they hese since
' been &tested of nominal authority.
64. To this reasoning, core on to all of us,.
bate to add some further particulars :—lt is noto-
rious that the Captain.Geneed-and eue.leepecturi
of Artillery were in Madrid at the tinio of thoGue ,
ernineut of Murat, and also when lila letty'capi.'
tulated. .These then are individuals: who heint.
sworn to be faithful to the French
,authritity.
The first of these persons his spread it nbrosd that
itiapoteibn intended to fume hi.n as the Oiptain.
General of, the Caraccas, and hi a Madrid 'Gee
sync we have seen this al pointmcrtt- eantrmetl:::7
44 These arc the motives which • harit operated
with the.Caraecas—they reclaim their lust rights,
end they make known their deemed to the other
provinces of America. They are' confident:that
sooner or later they shall all he onanitituus,:. and
if this'
,unity of sentiment should be delayed, it
will only he, further proof of the terrible despot.
ism under which.they suffer,• and . a further-Viite
tirenalitin of thiS IMpertant proof, that nothing-so
completely destroys the moral energies as the ha:•
bit of 'elavery.
46 kis very eaey ta..pervert the sense of our 1
decleratitette, and to. give the colour of disloyalty
to princyles that derive their source in tile pure 1
fountain of Eternal Troth. Fur the rectitudtrOf
our intentions we appeal to the voice of reason
and joke;
.we appeal to nations now in exist.
enre, end to posterity. Finally, we appeal to
the eonseleitieus feelings of your Execliencies,
and to the principles. acknowledged and pro.
claimer) by the Central:Junta only tte!be Contra-
dicted and violated. .
66 We lament the' it ietessibf Ter ltirTo
speak to your Eseelleneice I language that may
not be acceptable; bet we presume that your Eli.
cellenciee will give the beet !alimony of put gootfl
intentions, and of tho lilwrality of your minds,
by listening with impartiality •to what we repro,
lent, and by consulting with ourselves• oil the.
Means of establish* a solid union between the
dominions of Spain of both hemispheres ; Mid be
ttisured, that no union whieli is out estabilsbel
in
equality of rights avid intoresis, sn be beneficial.
44 In a word, we disclaim any connection with
the new Council of Regent).; but if Spain Is to
be saved, we shall be among the first to thew Ow.
thence to a evermore! constituted on a legitimate
end equable basis ; and oe shall be 'ready on out
parts to give to our brethren of Europe IMO
tance as our deficient resources *limit, doting the.
arduous and eeered contest in which they ark en.
If
gaged. any • o oar fellow subjects, desPlilriliff
of success in 'unroll, seek a new country in Vene.'
;eels, they shall be . received denting us with the
most generous huspitalltya and with the warmest
ttaehmetit.—Guts preserve your Elicellencie%
30xE 4_l:h% Lb/00Mb
44 MARTIN TOINAR YOMTE.
4' Ile! pi Oevermaeot el Carew*. Vs/ 3.).-114).." • •

t S 'I
