THE STATIMMANI

I

by e:•
'ednern.
the lest
occurred,
viss not of - ravoui .ure9- fall of
one hsif per cent. only. The money price of Wed.
901,y was 68. N.,
A Supplement to the Gazette was published yes.
'edgy, couteining dispatches from the Government
et Bombay, and a number of Officers entrusted with
Minor commands throoghont the Continent` f India.
They are to the sth of June. We g compre.
bensive abstract. of their contents. The operations
in which these &Wares relate, consist principally
of the redectino of various hill forts, some of them
,heated io the neighbourhood of Jonneer, about 40
or 50 miles North of Poons ; others in the direction of
Anjeoweel, en theses coast, about 100 miles souls.
west of that capital. There is also an account of the
storming of Chands, a fortified city about 70 mile,
math of Nagpoer, by Lieutenant. Colonel J. W.
ADAMS ; ea exploit which that gallant Officer repre.
tents to have exhibited, in the highest lustre,
_An
spirit and energy of the Britisb troops. We trad,ow
this occasion Cspl• CIIARLICSWONTII and tine. mho;
lakeeSS wounded. There is no mention in thesedia.
patches of the surreuder of the PSISIIWA.
Tempus mutantur. The Times has changed its
note nit the subject of the lamented Sir Sknu Bo-
sp.or's merits; and so ungenerous and cruelly in.
delicate have the attempts of the Courier been to de-
tract from Sir SAISUEL BOSIILLY'S high estimation,
end to diminish his claims to the gratitude and es-
Mem of the Public, that they base even disgusted the
Times! At, least that raper affects to be disgusted
at the more daring and cruel audacity
.uf his brother
labourer in the same field. "It is not often," it
justly
observes, "that such virtue, independence,and
aisietessotetiness, united with eminent talents, as
were evinced by this lamented person through life,
are seen among us." What then must be the constitu.
lion ef• that mind which can employ itself io vi.
lifting and debasing them when they do appear ?
Any one who has read the prerioos strictures of the
71mes on this melancholy subject will be able to ap.
predate this affected sympathy, and disapprobation
of the Courier's insidioes remarks. The Editor of
the Courier makes various Comparisons of suffering
and fortitude, but carefully abstains from mentioning
dowdy one which might beheld up as an example,
namely theonexampled heroic endurance under the
greatest reversrs, of NAPOLEON 130111PARTE, lately
on a* throne above ell the thrones of the Continents
stow severed from.tbe wife of his bosom and the child
of his apart, • miaow on a distant rock, the prey
of lingetimpllsease, and ••doomed to bear the most
gelling of all issolence.. Omuta Maw cannot be
measured like objects of sense, nor can the esperience
of one individual's endurance be considered as evi.
deuce of what another can safely encounter. Such
comparisons are ridicutobs. It may well be asked,
in answer to them all, did the death of any, even the
most illustrious of those to whom he is said to have
been unequal, occasion a more genersi expression of
profound sorrow in all ranks of people, than that of
Iff Sir SAMUEL ItoMtLLY ?
The question now is, and it will be asked with
despondency, notwithstanding the talents that con,
tinge to adorn the country, *here are we to find a
'worthy supporter of those measures of universal be-
nefit which it was his peculiar happiness to institute
and promote ?—W here is the Law-giver to be found
who shall frame the desired Code of Criminal Jus-
tice—who shall make punishment subservient to re-
forrnatioX—st ho shell bar the appearance of yen.
• geence froM our Courts, and substitute those milder.
principles in the treatment of peccant nature, that
. -modern esperience haw taught with such simplicity,
• amid practised with such success ?—An article on the
subject of a proposed Meeting of the Electors of
• \
Westruioster, to supply the place of their deceased
• 4
Itepretedtative., will be found iu another column.
We give in another column a notice of the Meet-
inn held at Rochester, to take into consideration the
legality, or rather illegality, of Lord BINNING'S re-
turn for that city. Lord Bremer; is the eldest son
of the Earl of liactotmoToo. Theeldest son of a Scotch
Peer was ineligible to-represent a Scotch borough
in the Parliament of that kingdom ; and by. an Act
passed its the Parliament of Scotland, which is recited
—.end tetifted by the Act of Union, sth of Queen
Atene,vh. ff. sec. 1'2., it is enacted, that none shall
be capsble of representing a Scotch borough, in the
lititish ,Parliament, who was not before capable of
representing.it in that of Scotland. It is asserted its
justification Of Lord Bisrinica's qualification, that
although the eldest son of a Scotch Peer cannot re-
present a Scotch shire or burgh, there is no law to
disqualify him from sitting fur an English shire or
•' borough. Wed* not see thet'the point urged against
Lord iltnatmo's eligibility is or ought to be consi-
f•
'ouered as put to rest by this interpretation of the
case. The Acts of Union have been received and
ratified as a part of the British law, and thus ought
to be allowed to have their effect, at least open
those who most naturally come under their two-
legen. It is clear that the Scottish law con-
templated the disqualification of the oldest son
of a Peer of Scotland from silting in Parlia-
ment. The Parliament of England is now that of
Scotland also. It matters nopilug to the object of

...

tfie disqualification far whet shire or borough the per•
son may be returned. Serpa for propriety and an-
cientusage, if not fee public opinion, ought to be
held es law sufficient in such a question. We beef
already a sufficiency of contending laws.
It I. reported that the Doke of WELLINGTON is to
be offered the command of the army in the Nether-
lands, composed of Prussians, Dutch, and, it is be,
lieved, Russians. It will be remembered, that we
allowed by Treaty 75,0001. of the French contribu-
tions to strengthen the Dutch frontier. Tourney,
Mons, and other fortresses, were to be placed in a
state of perfect repair, and equal to resist open
trenches. We are informed with respect to she ap-
plication of this sum, that the outworks of faloris end
other places are scarcely half completed, and that
Tourney could make no resistance against a corps
without a►tillery. We repeat, that we hope thernis
no fouudation for the rumour that the weak etc* in
which these fortresses are, and the apprehensions of
his Netherland Majesty will not be made a pretest
for an additional burtheu on this country. It wilt
be the duty of the new Parliament to took strictly to
to Lord CASTLEEVAGII'S engagements with the
Kings whom he has oudertakets to support.
Yesterday the Puke of YORK transacted military
usitress with the Patrice REGENT for a considerable

time.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE having received en in.
vitation from the Emperor of RUSSIA, to meet his-
mother, the Dowager Empress, at the Court of the
King of the NETHERLANDS, be embarked on Wed-
nesday from Dover for Calais. The Dake lest pro-
ceeds to Paris.
Yesterday evening Alderman Woofs and family
graved at his house in South A udley-street, from the
Continent. The Worthy Alderman has been tra-
velling through France, part of Italy, Piedmont,
Switzerland, and part of Germany, in several of
which places he has been liberally allowed to visit
the Criminal Prisons and other public institutions.
A Paris letter of the 2cl inst. says, " The decline
of the Feuds has continued, but every thing an-
nounces that it will soon stop. What in a great
measure occasioned the fall was, that the Bank had
reduced its discounts from 90 to 60 dais, and after-
wards from 60 to 45 days; 'but we learnt that it has
just repealed its decree, and that it will continue to
discount at 60 days until it can do it at 90, as for-
merly."
A private letter from Paris, written on Monday
evening, states, that on Sunday the Contractors for '
the Loan' sent elf an express to Ais-la-Chapelle, to
requjre air extension of the term stipulated in the
Treaty for complering the instalments ; and that, in-
stead of nine months, they should be allowed seven.
teen mouths, to pay up the whole of the Loan; they
otter. in that case to make each instalroeut at the
place where it falls due, instead of paying it to the
Age-ts of the respective Powers at Paris ; thus pro-
ducing a saving of commission and other charges, sod
efforuing a security against any loss that might arise
from the variation's in the exchanges. In regard to
the exportation of specie, active means had been re-
sorted to, to pot a stop to that, as it was considered,
injurious traffic. The principal commercial houses in
Paris had met, ago! entered into a voluntary agree-
ment with the Bank. not to practise it themselves,
and to discountenance and prevent it by every pos.
aible means in others.
It is reported that great alterations are about to
take place in the operative departments of the Court
of King's Bench. The lion. Mr. LAW, son of Lord
ELLeenowOuau, is to be removed from his situation
of Clerk at Nisi Prius, to make way for a sort of the
new Chief Justice; and the Secretary, whose situa.
lion has not hitherto been considered as contingent
upon the person of the first Judge of the Court, is
also to be displaced, to make way for a dependent of
'the new Chief Jost ice.
• Mr. Serjesnnt VAUGHAN and Mr. GAZELEE were
'yesterday confidently spoken of in Westminster-hall,
as the new Puisme Judges.
To-morrow being the First Sunday in Micheelmas
Term, the Judges, Serjeants, and principal Barristers
will go in procession to Si. Paul's, where an appro-
priate Setllloll wili be preached by the LORD MAYOR'S
Chaplain.
Besides. the action
against Sir N. CONANT, Mr.
BUTT has served notices of trial, for nest Term, upon
Mr. Newmtst, the Keeper of Newgate, for detain-
ing him -18 days illegally ; and also upon Mr. domes,
'the Marshal of the King's Bench, for nine days'
illegal detention, and breaking open his doors tv
recover the fine of 10001.: he has also served notice
of trial upon the Stuck Exchange, for the money
stopped upon the disgraceful hoax day.
The remains of Sir Samuel, BOMILLY were re-
moved yesterday morning, at six o'clock, from his
►ate residence,- Missed-ware, for interment in the
family vault of Lady Rosittix's father, at Kuill,
near Presteign, Radnorshire. The cavalcade con-
sisted of six out-riders, a hearse and six, followed by
a coach and six, with the butler only. An express
was sent oil', on the death of Sir SAmvEr., to stop her
Ladyship's funeral, till the arrival of his corpse ; and
it is expected the mournful ceremony will take place
shout Wednesday nest. the interment of the re-
mains of Sir S. Roatim.v is to take place at Knill, in
pursuance of the directions contained in his will.
The late Sir S. 11014ILLT is supposed to have an-
nually netted from 16 to 17,0001. by his professional
exertions.
A letter from Dover of the sth inst. says, arrived
last night and this morning, about 20 sail of trans-
ports from Calais, having on board several companies
of the Royal Artillery, also troops of Royal Horse
Artillery, Artillery Drivers, horses, field-pieces, and
stores.
The 95th regiment, new in the barracks et Sun-
derlend, abo.ve 800 men in strength, has received or:
dens for their being disbauded, which will take plat►
in a few days.
A body of troops, amounting, we understand, 'to
650, is immediately to be dispatched to the lalsolhef
Cl) Inn, and a similar number to St. Helena.
The Loan MAyow Elect has made the most ex-
tensive preparations for the Civic ceremony of Mon-
day next, when the procession will be uncommonly
spleudid) ptsticularly as far es regards the armour.

WEStNINsTER ELECTION.
lb. melancholy fate of the lamented Sir Seem! Ba-
hiW to Peeress the public attention. The
more bin lass is considered, the greater it is felt—the
more lirtsvirtees and talents are brought forward in
review, the more. difficult does it appear to supply
tiro place. 4 At the bir, his business is distributed among.
many persons ;.but.where shall we find a substitute
(or him in titit•Senate, as Representative of the City
of Westeriostir ? In this difficulty, it has been pro.
• posed by several resveetahle Electors of that City to
convene a General Meeting, for the purpose of con.
sidering a fit person to pat in nomination, with which
view they• have trensteitted the following address to
Sic Essweis Burdett
TO SIR FRANCIS BURDETT, BART,
• Westminster. NW/. 5. UM.
!it,— A great public duty has again devolved upon the Eke.
toy, et eshainster.
The death of )out lamented Colleague which the national
grief proclain•ed to he a et:Rimini calamity, is, in no itim' of
view, tome to he deplored. than us it will expose the Electors
of Westminster to the menaces of power and the arts of corrup-,
lion. 'I he potions and propagiottre of slavery a ill unite, and
Mieir first efforts n ill he di ected to• divide the Meads of freed.
Wools To provide against so insidious an endeavour, it seems
'that a simple sentedy w.,y at once he applied. . . .
We are agreed on our principles ; 1 remains ooty to actee
',poodle person N him it tau, be expedient to choose m 1110 he-
isor:tile nod e&eieut advocate of those principles. For this
purpose, it has appeared to the undersigned, indispensable to
consult the opinions of a General Meeting of their Brother
Electors. so early as may he consistent with their feelings of
!'regret for the loss of their Lite illustrious Representative.
t With the same object, is e beg leatie respec.fully to reqntilt
that you. Air. in your rapacity of au Elector of #iessinitistesa
wig Mimi. and take gaeCoair at the proposed Meeting of your,
rellovr-Citixetts,, swim, by the experience of many years. are
fully uhle to appreciate the firai impartiality a Ith which rig
have presided over then midi importing deliberatioui. Di&
colt, indeed, will It be 1,1 fit-lett ao ottlividunl qualified to be.
come the coadjutor of sir Francis Burdett, but the snore ardu-
ous the trek; the more need have we or your asst tat ee, and the
owe earnestly slit we hone that you will 4 amyl, w all a Requi-
vs tun, which we know to mood akb the a itches of a great
majority of your Constitoeat. and Fellow-I%lrings.
?.'e beg leave to sulecrilie ourselves, w ith:the Mount re-
spect. &c.
Mr. Brougham and Mr. Bennett, we understand,
have been both solicited, but have both declined.—
The friends of Sir Francis Burdett appear pledged,
by the proceedings of the late Election, to the 800.
Douglas Kinrisisd: and it is not yet known whether
Sit' Murray Maxwell means to eater the lists again.


ROC ESTE it MbETING.
A Meeting was held at Rochester, on Tuesday, to
petition against the legality of Loyd Bin cc •ii
return to serve in the ensuing Parliament.—
Tile purpose of the Meeting haring been stat.d,
Major Tonitees made a long and able speech,
in which he took a review of the late war,
and its injurious cloisequences to the liberties of
Europe. These effects, he said, began to be seen
by the country at the late General Election; the
claim for new nit n toed new measures became loud
and strong; and wherever the Elective Franchise
was eufficiently open to enable the voice of the Peo-
ple to he' heard, the opponents to The Pitt System,
god the friends to Retrenchment and Referm, were
returned. Rochester, however, long renowned for
successful struggles in the cause of Liberty, disap.
pointed public expectation, and was behind the
rest of the country in the race of independence.--
Thoegh the blue iuterest considerably predominated,
yes•tawitig to at unfortunate misunderstanding and
division evetingst them, the Purples obtained the
power of returning a Candidate who hid the hardi.
hood to avow, id its 11x11, that he was an enemy to
all Reform, and the friend to all the most obnoxious 1
measures of that system which has proved to be
pregnant uith national calamity and ruin.—" 13ut,
Gentlemen, I come amongst you this evening not to
exasperate, but heal divisions—not to indulge in la.
mentations over the past, but to afford, as I hope, a
glorious opportenity of retrieving what has been
done, and of taking the lead, as • heretofore, in the
race of littlependence. It is the opinion of Counsel
that Lord ginni=ng is not qualified to represent you
it Parliament, sod that a new writ most be issued
for the city of Rochester." Major Turret's then
stated the Law of Election, as it related to the quali-
fications of the eldest son of a Scotch Peer to sit for
an English county or borough.
Mr. UntaiLEY also addressed the Meeting in an
appropriate speech, and upon his motion it was una-
nimously resulved, among other Resolutions, " Teat '
a Committee he appointed ,to take into consideration
the commonicatioil made by Major Towns, • re-
specting the legality of Lord Binning's qualifications
to represent the City of Rochester, and to report to
the Freemen at large what measures it may be ex-
pedient to pursue, in order to obtain the lawful sod
independent exercise of their elective franchise."

MARY A.SIIPORD.

On Monday neat, the 9th inst., a stone will be
placed in the church.yerd of Sutton Goldfield, over
the seaming of the unfortunate Mary Ashford, by
the Rae. Luke Booker, LW. The following is the
As a Warning so Female Virtue,
And a bumble monument to Female Chastity.
This Stoue marks the Grave
of
MARY ASHFORD,
Who, in the twentieth year of her age, • 't
Having incautiously repaired to a b
Sceoe of Amusement
Without proper protection, ;•
Was brutally violated awl munteredo,lrl:
si
Oa the Visit May,
'lBl7.
Lovely and chaste as is the primrose pale, I.lsaa .•
Retied of virgin sweetness by the gale. `11:1W
Maim the wretch who thee remorseless slew,
, Avenging wrath, which sleeps not, will pursue; I
For though the deed of Mood be vell'fi io night, •,! .1
Will shit the Judge of all the Earth do right 1
Fair, blighted, flower, the Muse that w veil, thy doom
Ream dee thy murder'd form—this warning tomb !
Suttua Goldfield, Nov. S, 1818. (Bowfin:haat Chroxick.)
ADJOURN IA) INQUEST.
On Friday an adjourned Inquest was held at the site of (he
Otto, Hermitage-street, Wapping, before J. W. UNWIN, E.
Coroner, on the body of Esther Hutson, who wa4 (*.tuna dtouts•
ed,, with marks of violence, in the River Thames. Verdict=
Ad Drowned.
orrratattren.—The Interesting match between Bob Tom.
link of Oxford, and Sharp, the groom, of ten miles, far 100
Iguineas aside, took place on Thursday, on CodleyEen, near
Henley. • Sbarp, wastompletelv beat on phut the eighth mile,
mid did not rue after the olotb. Six to four oa the winner.
Tomlin* did the ten miles in 6S 'nitwits SS seoondp.
About seven o'clock on Friday mi)riting a fire
broke out at the house of Mr. Hsrt,
it the corDer:of
row
riternoster. Spital•fieldiq hut was happily ea..
~ 9
tioguisbed witkont doing soy serious Hory.

Advice. reached town jesterdejt front rafts,
Pry
blingleg the prices of the Feuds on WI
dor. Little variatioa had taken place since tl
sweats; bet the change, as far as K had occ
not of a favourable nature, exhibiting a
