the establishment, and to the redactiam
conceived might be made in the Army.
and Navy Departments.
lice of WELLINGTON stated, that if tilt
the Ordnance Department were abolkiendt
and half pay mist remain, and the 'Ws
. the redaction would not exceed one-third
present expenditure of that department.--i-
-' was then read a third time. passed, and re-
the Commons.---Adjonreed till Monday.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Isms, from the East India Company, pre-
certain Resolutions come to by the Coutt of
• relative to warrants, pensions, kc.—Ordered
A the table.
CCRWEN presented a Petition from Wigton,
lnty of Cumberland, praying for a revision
;mai Code.
Hon. Gentleman pretested a secnd Petition on
subject ; and both Petitions were ordered
be table.
writ was ordered for the Borough of An-
the room of Thomas Aston Smith, Esq.,

BOURNE presented a Petition from cer-
men of the Parish of St. George.
Nano-
praying that the House, before they dis-
the Bill fur regulating the Duties of Ma-
would take into consideration the locos-
occasioned by the practice of persons selling
n the streets, blowing horns to attract at-
instead of crying their good as for-
-3d adopt measures for abating the nuisance.
—Ordered to lie on the table.
,ns were presented from Tewkesbury, the Bo-
' Bridport, Redrath, Bristol, Padstow, Pick-
Darlington, Kidderminster, (signed by above
.rsons) and several other places in favour of a
of the Penal Code.
ition was presented from the Wrmen on the
against the Londoa Wharfs Bill ate.—Ordered to
le table.
,on. 51cssuca moved for Returns of the number
la of Scotch Spirits distilled within given pe-
le amount of duty paid on the same, and also
tames of distillers of England and Scotland, and
ties of wash distilled from October, 1805, to
1820.—Ordered.
ition was presented from the Merchants from
,tuber of Commerce at Newcastle, against the
Admiralty Court Bill.—Ordered to lie on the

P. MOORE presented a Petition from a Mr.
Agan, complaining of a reflection cast on him
Itain observations that had been made in that
on a former occasion.
SPEAKER said, as the Petition referred to
;ng said to have occurred in that House, he
•emind the Hon. Member, that one of the first
des laid down for the regulation of the proceed-
Ithin those walls, provided that nothing that
in that House should be debated out of it. By
was not intenied to keep the nation in ignor-
)f what passed there, but if once they reengiii.ed
it elsewhere to call their proceedings in question,
could say to what length such a practice might
carried. It was for the Hon. Oentleman to con-
after he had stated this, whether he would per-
: in presenting the Petition.
P. MOORE, after a few words from Mr. D. Brown
mother Hon. Member, withdrew the Petition for
resent, intending to see and consult with the Pe-
ter on the subject, and give noce to the Houtheir '
se of
motion he might fell called upotin to submit to
ideration.
[r. MACKENZIE thought it right to state that what
fallen from an Hon. Gentleman opposite on a fosuier
at, as reported in the newspapers, conveyed a re-
;ion on a distinguished character in Scotland, and
le was aware that such was not the intention of the
Gentleman, if he were not mistaken in his charac-
he would be happy to avail himself of the present
iportonity of correcting the misrepresentation.
Mr. jENNET thanked the lion. Gentleman for the
opportunity thus afforded, and disclaimed all intention
of casting any reflection on the party alluded to ; but
speech, like that which preceded it, was delivered in
low a tone, that it was very imperfectly heard in the
General GASCOYNE presented a petition nomerously
igned by the inhabitants of the town of Liverpool, pray-
.ig the House to revise the Cii,ninal Code, and take
measures to promote the Education of the Poor through-
it the kingdom.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENNET presented a petition from a Naval Of-
leer, complaining of having sustained great hardships,
did been excluded from advantages which he ought to
lave enjoyed from the services he had seen, and from
the injuries he had sustained, the petitioner having lost
In eye and had his jaw bone broken.
Mr. CHOKER said, in consequence of the injuries he
had received, he had been allowed advantages superior
to those to tibial, under other circumstances, i.e would
,iave been entitled, but lie wished to have those as well
as what had been conceded to him. He had been re-
garded as an object of charity, or he would not have
been so well and comfortably provided for where he
slow was—in Greenwich Hospital.
Sir I. COFFIN, looking at the manner in which
other Officers were provided for, thought the petitioner
amply rewarded for the mutilations he had suffered.—
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ESTCOURT presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of the neighbourhood of Boston in favour of a re-
vision of the Criminal Laws.—Ordered to lie on the
table.

WEST INDIA TRADE.
Lord STANLEY presented a Petition from the
Chamber of Commerce at Manchester, calling the
attention of the House to the duties imposed on
imported from the East and West Indies, and praying
for the adoption of measures favourable to the Weal
!India Trade.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER briely
explained, and defended the polioy of °overawes&
with respect to the interests in question.
After a few remarks from Mr. BIRNAL, Mr. AWARDS,
sad Sir I. Co►etsi, on the subject of the Petition.
Mr. BENNE!' wished to know why the consenter
was Galled upon to pay more for sugar from the West
Indies than the prise at which he might obtainit
floss
the last ladies. It was too much that the pahae
amid be called apes to pey sere thee was seeteesty.
tee the fossil* of anal. ladivideeh who had bees
lodged* et* their property by resits, hsatai
. Me would erns lees an egpoetiettitrof speak
asilx
*Pius this, reprdles whose *Wisps be
owe& .110 heel oppesedihe Unsex whims lbs time tai
Asa %holies's to iliereafe the peise4 seirtas he top
.tt • . .

.1? ••'

posed the shipwright when he came to deasaml on period asetill Austria invaded Ner,_ _r. was sew in t
additional duty on timber; and be would now mopes* Cate of disturbance. The Govakeiti=t OA had
the India merchant when be claimed an admit* on thoughtlk necessary to expatiate autos reipectobli la-
the pries of sugar. He would oppose grower, carrier, dividuals, part of the country was in a side, of civil
or importer ea such au occasion, wad *mead *Kelm war, and military law bad hem) is woe Watauga ni-
people of England that the articiashonid be furnished sorted to. In this state of things, anxiously
to them at the cheapest price•
as he and H. friends bad laboured to little purpose
Mr. OORDON said, without some ?stiff tbe West for some weeks pest to reduce the Army Estimates to ,
India traders could not go on. If his friend bad a what they ought to be for a Peace Establishment, and
Utopian country to settle and arrange, his system though he thought wit one of the greatest calamities
would be szcellent. But the measures which might that could fall on this country, yet he thonght it right
be wisely adopted in such a case, could not safely be to say there might be that which would be more fatal
resorted to in the present situation of our commeme. even than war to this country and the liberties of man-
When the Hon. Gentleman talked of those connected kind. He did not see that the Noble Lord and his
with the West India trade, as being dealers in human Colleagues could answer, not for the peace of Europe,
flesh, he threw a stigma on the West India body of the bat for the peace of this country, if they suffered Rus-
present day which they did not deserve. sic and Austria to advance further, as they said to
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, In seek security, but as it might ultimately be seen to
ixplanation, said Government had in the first instance carry into effect new schemes of aggrandisement. Ile
distinctly intimated to tbe West India merchants, that thought Ministers could not answer for the security
no decision would be come to till both sides bad been of Europe, or the maritime greatness of this country.
beard. if they now suffered the Allies to occupy a military
Mr. BARHAM remarked the West India interest de- position, from which all the force of the empire would
be insufficient to dislodge them at a future period.
sired no adrantage—bot as bombe= twenty times
greater than bad been imposed en any other bay bad There was no danger that justified their present move-
fallen on them, they were justified in calling for some meets ; but tyrants and despots wished all subjects to
relief to enable them to exist. Oe this subject a com-
be slaves, and would put down liberty on any pretence ,
promise might be made, bat there was an another on
which he would consent to no compromise. Tbe Hon. whatever. In Italy they would put it down on at-
Gentleman had thought it right to speak of all persons count of the Carbonari—in Spain they would pat it
down on account of its being desired by what they
who had by any circumstance become possessed of pro-
perty in the West Indies, as haring vested. their capital could not respect, the population of a country—and
in human flesh. He thought his Hon. Friend, when be they would find some excuse for putting it down in
England, if they could approach our shores
reflected on whit he had said, would feel how unfair
in safety.
this conduct had been, and was confident that his own new
It was not D to call on England to come forward
reproaches would be more severe than any he could
bring himself to pronounce. when other Powers had taken strong and threatening
Mr. BERNAL was sorry that his Hon. Friend, for positions. In such cases it had long bees the policy
whose goo 4 sense and humanity he had the highest re- of this country to interfere, and therefore itsoud not
spect, should have been carried so far by the heat of the satisfy him to be told, that whatever Russnd Aus-
moment. If he would inquire into the inanseement of
tria. ii.ligh.t intend with respect to Spain, this country
Colonial property, lie was confident from the humane
had nothing to do with it. Heretofore, England had
system adopted, that he would retract what he had said.
When he reflected how injurious what had fallen from gone to war to establish a balance of power in Europe.
him might prove to those connected with the West India For this we were at war during nearly the whole
of the reign of Louis the Fourteenth, and for that
trade, he hoped he would not suffer this dissuasion to
had advanced to their we had lately been at war fur nearly a quarter of a
close without retracting what lie
prejudice. c. entury. In 1790, in the case of Nootka Sound,
Mr. RENNET said, be was called upon to say, the
it was thought right to interfere, and the pre-
system of management acted upon in West India matters
no such parations then made on the part of Slain were
was one of general humanity. He could say
thine. He was told, if he were to inquire into the ma- thought snlficient to justify a message from the
nagement of the Colonial estates he should do so. He Crown to that House on the subject. The Hon. Mem-
had made inquiries. and in some cases—in the case of ber then argued that it had alwa)s been the
his Hon. Friend behind him (Mr. Barham) for instance, policy of this country to interfere with the proceed-
he found that nothing could be more humane than the lugs of other governments, for the purpose of
Noble pre-
plan adopted—nothing better calculated to mitigate the
serving the balance of power. fie thoneht the
evils of slavery. But generally he bail found cue meant
Lord opposite world not be doing his ditty to the
to cast reflections on no one that the manner in which
the Slave Trade was curie(? on in the West Indies, wet House if he did not come forward and say that this
no other than a system of generaruelty. This he tiovernment was ready to wake a treaty of offensive
knew to be the case, and lie would therefore persist
defensive alliance with Spain to protect her
in his condemnation of it till the last day of his ex- against any designs on the part of Russia. Ile ought
lettuce.
Honourable Friend to go farther; lie ought to state, that if the Frenc
Mr. GORDON only wished his h
Ooyereinent permitted one Ittissian soldier to pass its
would not speak on A subject which he did not un-
derstand. frontier for the purpose of marching. upon Spain, it
Mr. BARHAM explained. would Be considered as a declaration of war against
Sir R. WILSON said. when it was two how other England. I f Russia continued her domineering inter-
nations acted with respect to this subject, it was for ference in the affairs of Europe, we oue.t.t to send a
England to look at home and protect her own in- fleet int ' the Baltic to blockade es, ry port in that
tercets.empire which could
be blockaded. Ile believed that
Dr. LUSHINGTON considered a state of slavery to
Ministers bad no intention of forwarding the designs
he incompatible with a system of kindness and humanity.
From his own knowledge, lie could state that the system of the tyrants of the Continent, they could not possess
acted upon in many cases in the West Indies, *as most British feelings if they had; but what he feared was, that
revolting to humanity, and the slaves he had seen had
frequently appeared inure like a gang of ghosts than they, and the Noble Lord in particular were blind to what
those tyrants wished to do,from the longintercourse which
living beings of the human race. When it was cnsi-
dered that in Hintiostan we had a population of from 60 they had had together. What hr wished was, that this
to 80,000,000 of souls he thought it would seem that country should take a commanding attitude. not only
the East India trade deserved'
wore adequate encourage- for the preservation of her own interests. but of
mint than it bad reLeived the liberties and peace of Europe. Time Hon. Mem-
Lord STANLEY briefly replied, after which the Pe- bet then alluded to the exertions made by the differ-
tition was ordered to lie on the table. en States of the Continent, against the tyrannical
BULL BAITING, power of France, and contended that the promises ,
Mr. B. WILBRAHAM presented a Petition from then made to them of free Constitutions, bad been
the town of Rochdale, cemplaininz of the practice of most shamefully and indecently violated. Ile wished
Bull Baiting. He reminded the House of a melancholy to set himself right, as a Member of that House, with
accident that bad occurred some time ago, when many the country and with Europe, and therefore it was
individuals had been severely injured at a Bull Bait, that he had occupied the time of the House upon the
by a wall giving way, and stated some of those per- present occasion. The Hon. Member concluded by
sons to he still suffering from the effects of the acci- moving, as an Amendment, •" 'I hat instead of going
dent. The Petition was ordered to be printed. into a Committee of Supply, the House do now re-
FORGERY PUNISHMENT BILL. solve itself into a Committee of time whole House, to
Mr. BUXTON moved that the second reading of I consider of the state of the Nation, unconnected with
the Forgery Punishment Mitigation Bill should be 1 the events now passing in Europe."
postponed till Wednesday, the 16th instant. lie hoped I Sir R. WILSON seconded the motion.
on that occasion the Noble Lord would endeavour to I The Marquess of LONDONDERRY addressed the ,
give the subject priority ; and he also hoped, in con- House,
but in so low a tone as to be for a short
1
sequence of his postponing time second reading for the time inaudible in the Gallery. He could not help
acco ~modation of Ministers, that the delay thus objecting to the mode of proceeding adopted by the
caused would not be made an argument against the Hon. Member who had introduced this subject. No-
Bill. thing, however, which had been urged in time course
The Marquess of LON DON DERRY was willing, as far of the Honourable Member's speech, rendered it ne-
as he was concerned, to give priority to the motion of ! cessary for him to enter at that moment into the de-
the lion. Oentleman ; anti he was sure there would ' tails of time subject. When he came down to the
be no disposition on the part of Ministers to use the House, he was under the impression that the House
delay as an argument against the measure, was to enter into a discussion on the Navy Estimates,
The second reading was postponed till the 16th and when such a question stood upon the paper, he
instant. thought it improper that they should be diverted
The Navigable Canal and Rivers Robbery Bills were from it, and dragged into au inquiry into the state
postponed till the same day. of the nation with reference to foreign politics.
Accounts of all sums of money paid to the Govern. When he heard of the Hon. Meniber's motion, he
meat of Spain and Portugal. or the subjects of those thought that he (Mr. Hutchinson) intended to shew
countries, as compensation for aily loss sustained be that tbe existing state of Europe would enable us to
them, through the abolition of e slave trade, and dispense with a considarable portion of the Navy Esti.
of other papers on the same subject, were ordered to mates. But instead of hearing it recommended that
be laid before the House. a great portion of those estimates should be cut
The Marquess ofLONDONDERRY move) that the down, he could not help feeling some surprise at
House should resolve itself into a Committee of Supply. finding an accusation against him (the Marquess of
STATE OF EUROPE. Londonderry), which would form the ground of is-
Mr. HUTCHINSON, in offering those remarks peachment, for not having called upon the House. by
which he felt it his duty to make on the events now a Message from the Crown, to grant such additional
passing in Europe, considered himself as only opening sums as would place the country in a situation to
the great question to which he wished to call tbe at- resist the dangers with which aloe was threatesed. Ile
tension of the House, that it might be taken up by must, however, with all respect, decline the alterna-
those who might be more competent to do justice to it. tire which the Hon. Member had given him. The
He then referred to the paper issued by Government Hun. Member bad also given him much advice, and so
on the 19th of January, which proved that Ministers doubt with tbr best possible intention ; he recommend-
up to the period when that' document was produced, ed entering into treaties offensive and defensive with
had taken no part against Naples. The conduct of France and Spain, blockading the greater part of
Ministers had been such as to cunvince him oaf others the borthern ports and many other measures of a very
that Omagh they did not think it as, to say *ebony nature noloubt, but which were, be must say,
they approved of
eke proceedings of hemtlies they wholly thrown away upon him (tbe Marquess of L.)
were disposed indirctly to anatomises by every He felt It necessary also to deeHneall political advice,
Means in their power. He conttatted the State of when lve food it came from aft Hum Ithalier who did
Europa at that period with st ill which It was plated oot *ppm, to me the pithiest' staie of Remo Idea
at *Ws asoutat, tad it that 'aasaisaatial change sollialost ebewmast to oak Mal to ask. ap Ms owe
bad taken plate. Naples, who was then *totted to wind ap•att. Ha Mt that Miabiewoostii sat with
ttitte.a ewer: *WV the -Allies, had Wow Orff•fllM it-•whimis guar Wowed asylehdas la Assiort/
.. loss sod ammo milk its apireeellelli. abiel. • Wow Mow .1t..t0 ba 'the PiallsoOlat,
*so acid with the mow MAN* of. Itallisivaithat rouse 6,...ad lagle Mem WM tat ustatuoytkir. •
. . . ,11.ili •s. o esd r .v. was ..1 Jul ssedeAu 1 ..:
.. . .

as pout
tranquil'

goo.
wool
bid
%woo
before
for an
soosil
lion

ties, by suds au irregular proeiedimg as that mdepild
by the Hon. Member. If the Hon. Mention "soy
allow him (the Margins. of Londonderry) to sstgitM
to him (Mr. Hatchisson) and his Friends a hist which
be had before thrown oat, he would recommend pi
them, for their own sakes, not to be so very precis**
in giving their advice and opinions upon sack sob.
joists. When the affairs of Naples were last diatassi
in that House, be heard several statements node else
which be declined giving any opinion. He %shies
the moment from stating what line of conduct non*
be punted by this or any other naustry. It me",
peered, that many of the state...tuts thee made sloe
fallacious. Whatever thighs be, the calmness. ed
opinions now proossunsod, he would recommend to the
Hon. Mover and his Mende to change their eseno..
to act a little mote *pea realities rather thee
in speculating upon possibilitties, or rather al:todt
possibilities. By this moans much of the elm
and attention of the Hesse would be spared. ih ai
not presume to say what would be the in* et
present events on the Continent, but be we*
caution the Honourable Member on the third heott,
(Mr. Hutchinson) against assuming, that knew
the Russian army had been put in tuntion is atm
tporreoptboespyroi engeedvrhtaotowthoeurlacehusoptperines,,
manidt
wfrsoattheber peatni
tipeoesteees. of
H eftelritreoialle eneoettetaikee Piedmont,
e t,
himselftheY thewl were
etasktbeeesi
useless office; but he would say, that then kill at
present no evidence of such a fact as the advance is
the Russian army, it was wrong to asintne, and this
argue upon it. lie would state to the House boo h
was that the Russian army was put in motioa. It
was known that an insurrection similar to that it
Naples, which had hem much patter/aged by semi
Members opposise, bad taken place in Piedmont. It
was said that both insurrections bad takes place is
the cause of liberty- He never could dignify by lln
word liberty '
their bawl&
must sacred
' in?... or cac"
replaced.
P,edmont.
of his broil
of the Prot
was forced
act of
war agaii
motives
that tist
r iwo bred
then was
such cirri',
to A tail -
for ‘uppor
in conseqr
were put
frontier.
mosemem
that those ,
consequence
rectionary
but '•
of the
the Aus‘
Emperors
tentiont
of wishi
they by
a fact _
trio° forces,
possibl
pital.
wish
the 11,
i n treat
enteri,
which
any St_
practised,
public
g
claret at
i ° n
if those
intention
of Eur
ference
lousy '
that
interest
ineddr
any
necessary
stances r

arligglM
--.Aleria ie trill

to r"' "I
In sualtiOning
of which there
WEL:
wgio• Sardinia
The lannin.
Aostriad
gefst of the K
tooh Pnwasi°B
ittrd against '
sir a, wl
keyed Masse
Arstria• and I
was &In
fol Sovereign
The Mani'
he had sot be
The Maud
division. 'Ti

A menage
dships ha

Loris.)
Oa Cie gee
Mr. C. H.

an elairut
ginegaesa of
motion.
rMani
re. HUM
lathe before
was in that
be did the g
more &Isaias
to its savall
prs-emieent
of Europe;
establishmer

was
state
pose
Sit
moved .
necessity
make v

espence
questioi
eeizilea
penndmittent:re
re
t

followi
That ii
e ex
Navy -Ace
i

try .
rope,
not • .
no . °ell
to dolour,

e
MOM
SUSIAIM to I
which be co
ihilance, at
The Duke
whole of the
the salaries 1
GRIMM of tl
of the pres
Thet Bill wen
tamed to th 4
.\ Mr. Mss(
sented certiv
Directors re
to lie on the
Mr. CIA
1 in the Conn
t
i
I of the Pena
The Hon
the same su
to lie on the
A new a
clover, in t
deceased.
Mr. S. 1
tain Vests.:
ver-square,
vied of t
Filtrates,
venience 01
111 rticlec in
tention, i
merle, am
—Ordered
1 Petition
roughs of
ering, Da
1,00 perso
revision o
A Petit
Thames a
lie on the
An Hot
of gallons
rinds, the
tot the na
the quan.
October,
A Peti
the Char
Scotch A
table.
Mr. P
O'Flanai
by ccrta
House o
They
somethii
must re
pritteipl
lugs wii
ilti t Ibis it 1
Pa
anscsee 4 i
of
a right
who co
not he
alder,
severe
Mr.
aril at
at pr
*Wont
I'lllll
tonsil
Mr
hati t
night
Anti,
as he
Hot'.
:111 . ter,
0 p ii4J
Illi ,
aPPi
of ri
his 1
1 . so I,
'jail
G
' Si iv
ing
we
out
1
fici
an,
ha
thi
an
ha
to
I hi
al
II
111!111'. o
a
1 ft, i
it' 1.
1i
I.
i '
is
, r
P i 1
1!
il
0 L
1
i
.1

tfroutt t
ly
S:
ihowee
er
rzyei.g
Sovereign,
as s ... ... ~ _ __ . _ ~ _- _ , _,
attempts,anoilf t'elarmdililoetanrvalnlddyeeersto -7
es.
re ut in a state as
less expenee
red institutions of the country, without law. late questio
Wing by what those instituti•ms were li be expenditure
• Of this description was the ineeroetios is expenditure
t. The King of Sardinia resignedis brew Roe. Mensb
rother, and his nephew was placed talkiest connected v
rovisional Government. In a few dayslis she meats, for I
:ed to retire from his Regency. TIN int on to say, ti
the new Government was a decimalise el bad recentli
limit Austria. Without entering We the Hesse ougl
of this proceeding, it was suffirient to Mae • beads of exi
,is declaration of war originated with tins proximate t
d and pnnegyrised Children of Liberty. Wilt of 1799. I
is to be done? The King of Sardinia, ask that I
rcuinstenees, felt himself compelled to vitt ( IYeerpool)
trig for assistance. Austria applied to Rua in the pre',
por against this insurrectionary Goverment Hume) hop
equence of which a large body of Itussmotresp siderable re
lilt in nr.rtion and actually entered the Amnia penditure.
r. But the circumstances which iodated Oil the"
That followiii
lent having changed, did it necessarily hike
lose troops were to continue their race ?Tb that the ex
Nevpollice
intact of this movement was, that the Instr.
144 ships i
rimy Government of Piedmont ceased to tint.
sesames am
was suppressed more immediately by the troop there were
King of Sardinia, as only a vete small rift of
ustrtaa troops had been broneitt se. If* 74 le
ogee
rors of Austria and Russia entertained the le
only re
as imputed to them by t!,e Ilononrable Reim 22. M sis u seer
thing to overturn the liberties of Europe, rell • office If
4,1771. in tl
lave acted in the manner they have done ? km 1813.
that General Buhns, who commanded tire An " That I
forces, had orders to enter Piedmont as halo )dialseem
for
ale, and above all to avoid approaching the o
am
She sat
Now this savoured as little as possible di
to overrun the whole of Europe. He waive of peace, a
expense of
louse would forgive him for protesting agaitati
d auction of a motion which prevented thew
yards in 1
51,951/., I
ing on one of the most important discolor than in tie
It could come before them. He w: sas mations " Cl
Member that every possible economy Ambit the Rimy
tied, and with that view he was desirous astir for the o
is Estimates should undergo the closest is. esi to 1,7
2,484,60
an in all their branches. He would repeat she 1792, a 3
Rion which he had made on a former occasioNde a year of
lose Powers were to manifest any inclining I " Tiro I
ntion of aggrandising themselves at the
men s year Ti
sariaes
Porrope, he would be the first to propose the bow ra
19,000 e
nce of this country. We ought to look with jr for 1821
iy to foreign Powers, but we ought now to mob( being M
twe were in a state of peace, and that inetwill tAO 4,497,311
!rest not to disturb that pease by onif Sir 0
Idling with Continental affairs. He was not weaved
turwere ail
r circumstance which could render such invoking* e-41
With re
essary at present. He would not say that ciao.
flees, tt
nces might not arise which would make oar ler by fees
once necessary, and should such a period arrive, to the 1
uld be better able to meet it by preserving as
gether
possible, our present state of internal and Were Ham'
tiquillity. The motion of the lionoorable 110 P
tails w
A founded upon an imperfect view of the politio fastoril
etc of Europe, and therefore he felt bound too
Ms& i
Isit it. . that ht
Sir I. COFFIN trusted that the Hon. Gentle/Pill° were it
• /..f
owed the ameedinent would, from his coney:it Mr.
wessity of maintaining a large force by see, dil.". dirisio
ake some additions to the navy establisbreest. The
Sir R. WIIaSON considered the Ministers oftlit.s. Disler
ate Ilk
yso entangled with the confederate tyra •• Sir
ape, that if even they were inclined to do so, tin/ tiers*
ot pursue the natural policy of the country. to, .the sr
ok of opinion that the friends of liberty had 01(7 spent
a deepen.. The General of the Piedmontese suerir
ry army said, that though the cause of lib* illi
wages
hysicatly retrograding in Europe, yet that,
ras gaining ground. -The same sentiment wet from 1
oncost
en
cr eemftearrkdaebnl
be
epragm; pahnl eat
twhreirtete nwuon4l enro the silloetoi,t7:
motel
reople of Europe would give a practical
truth of it. There was no ground, then, fur (abuse
riots. Their was a spirit in the nations of Ifistel.
i attain
t
would Retests them try the vindicatioo of liberty( pain
had arms awl means in their bands for • e teat
upon manent basis. With regard to a.
before s
het House, he was desirous of yetis, fir 4 ' litisi
l'ili I
.
filetioronasTtobalienheaitishacntli;asnirntiatesofesaidrtsoi.nnagtilveesbthaoboliiishiLeost,ellitios
PM I
• tope
Colonel DAVIES asked the Noble Manses ‘
domderry) whether be had any oßcial i
the march of the Russian Army basis( hes.* . co
If their object was only the invoice of Itely..lx_A
fond that the Nsepoliteas and Pi•dwassoladM - WIN
111011
thi i
',aril
Iham
themselves sash towards, that bo aseed VI °PT was
same of theses--(A high.) IA
al. *lt
The Morse of LONDONDISABY .
r"__., die •
IMP
1111.14111111"11,7-%61118.4.114.VI". the141:14"111"hia•
'
SIN
:0
