~A'!`E SMA.N.

Infenmation is said to have arrived in town this
morning, stating that Lord Wet.rxraTon had quitted
the siege of Burgos, in order to Five battle to the
French army, which was aclvarciCg in great halve;
to the relief of that place. ;'he truth of this
account we have no fel ther %means of ascertain-
ing, than that, its probability appears evident from
the French accounts received this morning;
certain,. liovrereet, it le, that alt the accounts tat'.
terry received from the Peninsula (both officio
and private), are by no means of a consolatory
nature; nor do they hold out the most distant pro-
ved of the enemy's expulsion. We, inifact, see
nothing in the prolongation lint* this sanguinary con,
test; but the ruin of our resource/ which, iti al
probability will he required at no very distant
period for objects more clowly connected CI the
salvation of England,, than that of fighting for the
territory of a bigotted and sc/penslaterkpeopl.?.
REPORTED CAPTURE OF THE MMOSTOKE FR
CATERY THE ESSEX AMERICAN FRIGATE.

TORBAY, OCT. 29.—Put in here last erening,
after post, not being able to reach Plymouth, the

Experiment letter of marque, carryipg six guns,
Oh a cargo of cotton and rice, of Baltimore, but
from Cliarlston, bound to Bourdeaux, and taken

the 21st inst. after a Chace of 12 hours, within 20
miles of the, Cordaan, by bloc Majesty's ship Rover.
The Captain
,tit the ExperOaent reports, thaishii
Majesty's .frigiate-illuidegone had been captured by
the American frigate Esser, and that the Amnrirans
have seliooiiers building, 120 feet lit length, sup-
posed to be for privateers.

LOSS OF HIS MAJESTY'S SHTP M4D

TWENTY RAIL OF MERCHANTMEN,.
YARMOUTH, OCT. 30.--. Arrived • yesieyday MO.
ing, after post, his Majesty's ship Mercurius, :With
about thirty sail of the homewardrbound Baltic
convoy, the remainder are di4persed in the North
Sea.—The Mercurius. brings an account of the loss
of the Centind gun-brig, and twenty vessels
of this convoy on Rugen Island, and the shoals
leading into the Great Belt.--Crews happily saved.
TMs anfortanate event took•place on the night of
the 10th instant. • His Majesty's ship. Aquiion, had
arrived at Gottenburgh. The Ambassador from
Spain to Russia has arrived here, and \via embark
on board his Majesty's ship Arab.

Extract of a letter from Seville, dated Sept. 28 :
" The brigade, under the command of Colonel
SKERRETT, composed of the Ist Guards, the 59th
and. 87th regiments, detachments of the 95th, and
Gertaatt Legions, with the. Portug_:ve, had re-
ceived the Marquis of WestartoTores order to pro-
ceed on the 30th of September to Truxillo, and from
thence to Toledo, and to wait at each place foe or-
ders, to join General liu.s, a distance of 850 miles.
They were in high spirits. , Genet* Poona bad . or-
ders to return to Cadiz. This fine brigade way in
want of horses and mules."'. 1
Inreltigewe was received yesterday from 'll'anti,.',
dated the 13th instant, stating, that the 10th 'Oat. i
was appointed as the last day any, convoy wouldisel
granted; and the one, which had been so long de-
layed by contrary winds, having sailed the day be-
fore, the Admiral refused to grunt sailing instrue•
tio:is to any ship, subsequently, in consequence. of
Orders from %ir J. AMU SACIIAIItZ.
rs The fleet which sailed from the Nore the 10th Inst.
arrived at Gottintinirgh on the 18th. ,
• The fate of Lieet: Gamage is undecided. • .
The following is an explanation regarding the pro-
perty lately consigned from hence to the United
States. The observations are dated from America
(Washington we Presume), 26th September :—" The
small portion of British property in the vessels at..
rived, is sought Out with avidity. by the privateers-
tneu and CustotnAtb iaseorfi cersjor the purpose a con=
damnation. Proof of the proPerty being AMericitt 14 to
be produced at the'firde of entry, -mid if it be satis,
factory, the goods are delivered to the owiters on
their giving bond for the amount ;•• bet if is be net
satisfactory, and there be **reason to suspect 'that the
property.is. British, it is seised. The bonds given
for the goods will he liable •to the penalties, of .the'
Non-Importation Act, unless Congress pass a ie-
trospective law to cancel it: This, it is supposed,
will be done, and the Secretary of the•Treastrry
~ 9
GALLATIN, has assured the importers, that- it. was
the design of the Administration to recommend to
Congrestito cancel the bonds given for the Americtin
property, but to confiscate the whole of the British'
n -
property. .
The New York Papers: contain, a variety of arti-
cles relative to the Counter. Resolution in the 'Ca-
'recces, the substance. of which is, 'that the terror I
inspired by the earthquake .had such en intlaence
lower the minds of the surviioisy as- to produce 4
I complete change of sentiment with respect to their,
new Government. - La' Guira eSag.the last. place
I which hoisted the flag of .Fcaourasn TH. About.
forty of the leaders of the 'Retrolution were taken.
along with MIRANDA, and the last accounts state;
that they have been sentenced to suffer death.
Letters received froM Alicant,Alated the end of
last month, state, that the British army still con-
tinued in that neighbourhood. .
We learn from a source which sre have reason to i
believe correct,' that' Lord MoinA is appointed Go-
vernor-General . of India, in the room of Lord
' Ml`/T°, who iirabout to return to England.
General MaiXtotno is doily expected home with n
dill'erent account of his supercession to that given of
it by the Marquis WBLLICTOtit. , •
• Admiral Berme; is gone to Petershurgh, to
tender his professional. services to the Emperor rifj
Rpm*.
- The Foudroyamt, of '74 gent, lion. Reer-Adrni,
rat Da Conntet, which lately arrived from the B;a-
-zila, ltrintglitottcPiflatt immense quantity of specie for
the merchants, and on Government aeGA:int upwards
d. 130001; In Itlits of gpld, doubloons, ,haltioes,
and piastres. , There is on board 20,9001. fur ear
fre001011111I'10000!!? .
.. T _, „ - •

liareCeeltent
losTthine
tCh'reerßs,ayl,tioc,f
i7is sagfeu, ns
;s reported to
fetters of a mores i
date have been received from her. Not allay British
ship of war has been lost in the fia!tic during the
late gales, though many have received considerable
damage,
' Five hundred portable mills were, on the Id inst,
sent from Paris, to the Army in Rqssia. They were
Made by C. ALULLT, 1.1:`011 a new eonstrection, are
extremely light, and caps„ to of be..ia; attac:ted to the
gust-carriages.
Captain Wur.ounnar, the distitemished Corn.
mender of tho 'Nereid frigate, who, a hen she ground.
ed under the French batteries, oid not strike her
colours until every one of his crew; excvt three,
were either killed- or wounded, is now *la Russia,
where he has been introduced to the EMPEROR, and.,
having volunteered his services, has been appointed
to the command of the floating army attached to the
Ri;:t squadron of gua.boats and other armed vessels.
COMModere BltOt'UllTWil who commauded the
naval part of the expeditiou against the Wand bf
Savo, is arrived as a passenger by the Doris (rive,
from Madras,

It is said, that an associated iody of philanth pia
nuut,isotni4otf.lemalkve•riiiiini.
t(ene:ilvie')lnpuenrckhlanvseesfiotrimtit:llietrhaentreissolal
; dies,- for the -laudable pad Christian-like - .
: having it in their power to Set the example (Pu40'7.61
; Wing the negrees by degrees, and opsaing a .1,..
celled slavery: And it is'N.
i for the abolition in :oto of that odious and a.tou
able state of SOcietri _I:
1 . •
*pried, that Oovernmeot has itin surto us eon temple.
11P.441entatetoslietrtaintalttcpra'rltPasr :bill J'enrviaPelletrt ira;lirtl47° 01 'mil!:
.
I who are ioatet as trusters itt• hi; lettsinen:
1 waslagvivetlitiParein:4lpahteden.C.rfol.:nri.,
and
ntd..St:-:-.ii:.dtie;:tgidiers:4sllll3:l:::og:ilittcldritiiid.lll' th:
I The Right ilouottrable Gentlreeinforanine:eitet:lshe
ed, even by his:idpool
I cuopomtptatililYe.Houegee livermattr,
clic; hithrec
.‘oVhii;i/arn;.:, but it istiti7rpp.d.oi4seti.ire,. I:Thie7ll:.
!locttrfio4novilneki: aehedn'uottukon
to
creel
him
Ito the
tome
of
the
worthy NII.YOIS ttrAgprtow. The heads of all psi.
' ties are lashed for te-onirra w ; a circumstance highly
honourable to the Chief
,Mttgistrate, whose chief ob.
ject should be the work of coaciliatiLin. The presit
Vapor .(Mr. :iTANIFORTH) IS. vary generally respect,
whichi tlitidatteliht towS opponents,pitrbiatt
hettit
e4eseletatheomfi those man of
gaffoOolictedsenmsaeluttoefrsi
descent, of bed breeding, or the victim of silly,
empty, or upstart consequeuce. Mr. BENSON, the
new Member for Stafford, spoke with great facilitl
and neatness, and was much applauded. A Mr.
GLADSTOSIts a person who has made himself some,
=hat conspicuous in this election, was in the Chair.;
and upon introdocing the health of Mr. CANNtNe,
expressed himself Very suitably, .barrieg a tremeii,
dons broad Scotch brogue. lie, however, on this
r octagon, seemed, well prepared. Unfortuirtely his
lewn health was proposed, mid being too modest to
expect such a distinction, he was wholly unprepared.
Lie wanted :voids to acknowledge his °Wigs tion-
- . lie 'plumed ritepente, Out found no tiollo.n there; •
. "Taen rpok... and tlaunder'd on to sad d -.pair. 1
As he aiways, before this fetal occasion—this over,
whelming distinction-411rd beeti amongst Mr. Roi 4
cot's friends, he had no claims to indulgence arising
from old acquaintance—he, in rain, glanrd le 'all
directions, there was nothing to Koot it ~.-;-lhe mirror
of nature was before him .11EFLECTIX0 ma ?VI
'CorfinCT. Wondering, he saw his features awl 'int
hue so much were changed, that Scarce himself he
knew. Many of the cempany, to their 01,14
shame, made his embarrassments a source .of merrie
ment, and fairly indulged lit undisguised lasigliter-4
circumstance never to be forgiven, as Mr. Gt.ate•
STONE'S sensibility to the sufferings and perpliiiies
9f others, is quite proverbial ! ! !—The loss *MAW'
appoint:neat %clic!, the town, liat.suffered iit . losing
Mr. BnOttOttAN, has 'Made* tirepimpression hiders'.
CANNING nod (sASCONNIS are indebted for thrir sue.
rWO to their resirective pirates-4o the pads of the
foreter, and the Corperatiott fsit'greiwe of, the latter.
Tee jamas», saved. both.' 'l'liese parties me noir
upon
_poor, territs with each', other, aed boob' have
I fallen thuilf In the public estiera,' Coat tnenseires
ttlitcy7hairetaken the respeeiribility arising out of. t 4
t situation, 'et the 'working classes, who are twat t 9
starring. Indeed, all thiogr rattAidefell, a dread al
reappreithility it is.: Mr. CAmetwo is known to tkp
cWhig ill, his. heart
~;ro the.people he behaves, ler/
civilly bbaseeinsto treat thee*: around hits-with des
„
distrinit. . . - . • -
foreitttihnegsßallrhtint•lehoi!..iraMbliale ii.ll,etrwasteirmi Ltd"4l°F,nr.'ist
aoaorau, . Lord Chief. Justice, lice. its add after !Os
• .
chaelmaa.Term, 1812 :-
- ' • IN rift*.
Viossitiene. • immer:
l'lllitarsday ..: .
_. Nov fI I Thymday ~........... Nov.ll
'r.Wiilisesday •. • , • 18 saisrdAy St
, Thursday . • ' .16 ; Friday .... ... .. ........ ill
AFTER TERM. • ,
• Dec.l
;11001160 Sul Tuesday
. .1 „_: • ,am ...a.
. Dit;Tll OF CDORE, +HE ACTOR-On ma,.
itorniegf Sept: '26, topk leafier this worldly stage,
GEORGE FREDERICK COOKE,. in the 57th year of hii
age. The celebrity of 'this universally es •elleid
Player has received the npprobatiow,of all ranks 0
and
countries, in so public-and extensive a Incliner, asil.
bid deft:Lace to eulogium. We need only resat,.)
that " The Man of the Ignier has quitted it Hr
lefeieigtnisienottillthtehestleeee
" Richard wink himself again."—(Bditon tki:4l3
mgvietlrlltSeriermjni;nhenoii7
Advertiser, Oct. 2.)• .
.
to the American Papers, both numerously land ree The funeral procession of Cooxc was, acceraill.
sportfully attended ; the body was carried from
the
Ith'ehs"ic Hail, at S..w York, followed ity till !11.e.
Performers and the principal inhabitants-, as a liar,
I of their respect for his superior dramatic et cellely.c.
A letter from Barbadoes, dated .4eptirtno.l'. 7;
says:--" This island never saw so disastrote: 3 Va
Pt
Roe ft
, data'
1 Iten:9l,
as the present. The volcanic powder, athiehie,°ll
us on the Ist of May, is supposed, In enuirowtr.
wish the long drought, to have gets !rated seta nil:
worms, whiCh have spread. detastatioot ov `v t:11"0,
of the Weed. We import . from tht.l)lca,-,,
011
mews iti,Svulh iltinericts plantains ;0 ittnttli t?.?-1,11,:r4
which the-garrison is chiefly. fed:. if 'lsagevaro,7l
two or three days ; ws Oereivre virt 04.600:07
Ci1e1.4.:3'
