lIIIE STATESMAN.

g ,•ttlitte it ant yet in Yarn : this Palace is at the head
of the litr—tiatt (;uarti.

M. Jostu. Co-titter, Commiscary-General of Police
to the Allied Armies, it ili occupies a very
large hotel in the Roe Bourbon. Other hotels in the
same street ate occupied by the Ditto of Prussia, the
PI 19C(4 his song, Marshal Blucher, Prince Barden-
berg, and all the persons in the suite of his Prussian
Majesty.
A cAntriholian of 100 millions oat st first
plied on the city of Paris : but the King has obtain-
oil rem the Allied Sovereigns its reduction to eight
million,, payable one'hilf to-day, and the other half
in a week.

There was again no Stork Exchange yesterday, for
the.reavoil we have already stated. (WIC transfers'
of stork. to the amount of about a million of interest,
bare been discovered. There was a great crowd at
the I.:%rhange, and the price of Stock was quoted at
63 rr. to lie rut.

General Ciernichelr has bled his head-quarters
at Gio.hois. The corps his commands is encamped
hi it vicinity. A corps of 13,Q00 Bavarians ',vie.
Pd )esterday at Brie and an Austrian corps yPster-
they entered Paris. General Platoff has arrived in
Paris.

- .
The Alliei arrested severs) bankers of Parip, in or.
tier to secure the payment of the contrinution impos.
ed on that capital. Among these bankers are men.
tinned Messrs. Tourton, I,afite, Roagemout, Dele.
reit, and Scherer: it is said that they are now set
at liberty, or at least are permitted to go ahout their
gfra

Thr 1110niflia announces, that from the 13th of
July it has ceased to he the Official Journal.
The Suhicribers will receive regularly with their
Cops of the Muniteur the numbers of the Official
eitotai ll ill g the ordonnances of the Kit*,
the tilts of the Ministry, and the notes emanating
horn different departments.
These proceklior will he also correctly inserted
in this paper, where they will continue to form part
of the historical materials of the series of the Mani-
tier.

COU ft IER FIT ItAOR DIN AR V, Friday Moraine.
It is ,ail that the King is going to form a new
Cl.anttwr of Peers.

The Emperor of Russia yesterday visited the
Docheis Dowager of Orleans.
The Emperor of Russia yesterday deigned to re.
ceire ta deputation of the market-wome►►. His Ma.
jests, heard their harangue with kindness. ••
W. are assured that the Electoral Colleges tiro
convoked throughout France, for the 25th of July,
and tnat the Representatives will repair txt_Paris on
the lsth of. August. thistumber of Deputies will
be 401.
For tom* rigs we Aave seen with pleasure in the
streets Of the capital F`renc► Oaten who have come
to offer their ferric,: to the King.
Tile Emperor of Austria has been for some days
indisposed. It is for this reason that be die} not assist
at the dinner of the SovCri•ighs.
The King went yeettrtday everting to pay a vialt to
the Emperor of Austria.

ETAMPSS, JULY 11.--The French army spread'
over the whole line from Etampes to the bents of the
Loire conducts Kiel( with greet moderation and di*.
ciplitie.
A corps of French troops which was at Etampes
on the !Ph seemed uncertain whither it would re.
join the army of the Loire, er seed its submission to
the King.
OfiLtAllt, JULY llowAetheetla information as ti
the amid of the army is extremely satisfactory. A
great numbeeef officers appeared tired Of a: war, of
which they fear the chances. Numbers if the soldiers
Pottelte their feelings they complain loudly of Bona-
parte.
ROCIILIORT, hum B.—Bonaparte is within our
walls. He is lodged at the Hotel of the rsefecture,
and his vicinity entrees us eneasiness. It is thought,
however, that we shall get rid of him to-day ; the
vessels are ready. Among other articles embarked,
we have seen a great many chestsladen with gold and
silver. The English cruisers blockade cos closely,
and Bonaparte seems to think the moment unfavour-
able for bis escape, but the longer he stays it will
probably be the swore difficult. Joseph Bonaparte
is also here for embarkation. Bertrand and Becker
are the only Generals who are mentioned as likely
to depart sith the two brothers.

•
ItoUt4, JULY It. —The following General Or-
der has been addressed to the troops in garrison
here :
SoLotens,—the enemy Is in the centre of our
hoe France ; all the armies of Europe bear with all
their weight, with all their resentment, on our un-
happy fPllow•citisens ; why do we delay declaring
ourselves ? The least hesitation, the least delay,
snap produce incalculable mischief, and the country
will call us to account for all the disasters which we
shall not have prevented.

" Soldiers, the necessity of circumstances, na.
tional honour, that idol of French hearts, the sights
which read our hearts, all impose on us the duty of
union and concord.
" The Lieutenant-General, commanding the llth
and 15th Military Disisiona, in consequence orders
that all the troops in his district immediately assume
the white cockade, and thst the white 11,1 be hoisted
on ■ll the toffs and fortresses.
" The Generals commanding divisions will look
to the execution of this order.
(Signed) " Count LEMAROIS."

A Dovutation is said to haws arrived at Dover, to
invite the Duchess of ANGOULENE to return to
France. ft consists of the Viscomte de Mowrsto..
atscr, and another Nobleman, with their attend-
ants.

A violent outrage was committed on RICHARD
Monsct.t., Esq. Prospect lodge, near Doonass, about
I alf-past two on Monday seititsight. On his way
from Limerick to Milltown, -he was met at New
Bridge by a number of fellows, about from sixty to
seventy, who beat in a shocking mariner, and
robbed film, we understand from five to six bandtrd
poupds, end a bond of 8001. Mr. MoNszr.c it io a
mostalarmiag state of illness, anti s,eareely expected
;o recover.

O.M O,R ROW THE GRAND LOTTERY RE-
OINIL PALL Tliti TICKITO DRAWN THAT DAY
muir vitizys, AN!) rit AY INCLUDL TuE
TuuE,E c.% VITA IS or 410,000. f9OI O. and !VON

•
41+ midis Ifes.
tr • ' ,... ... Haabatr" S
0 . Llshon L l
0 . Hot hind

Q •
F
• . 0000000 ....• autteabumb . I
Future 0
1

PRICE ot' STOCKS TM*
! Kann
3 per Cent. Red.
. S per Cent. Ow.
Pi 4 per Cali.
h per Cent. Nuv% 8$

DAY AT 41•41 K O'CLOCK,
toms. Air. It 746
laths Seed. d
Exchequer $lll. 3
Omahas 7; .
cf.'s,* Our Ave. NI $

THE STATESMAN.

4,ONDON:
TUESDAY. JULY 18, 1815.

We this forenoon received the minor Paris Papers
of Saturday last, the 15th inst. The Itloniteurs of
Thursday and Friday have also arrived.—
The Moniteur is again declared be no longer the
official Paper. A new pub!ication, entitled Le Ga-
zette Officiet, in imitation of our Gazelle, was to be
published on Friday for the first time. The actual
state of France cannot be lesrnt from the Public
Journals. The French Editors are evidently la.
bouring under the controul of mb,olute authority or
fear. A few meagre on Hilt, they say this, and they
say that, and it is reported that such circumstances
have taken place, are the very unsatisfactory methods
in which the most important events are noticed;
and, with the exception of a half-breatlied.4fidignant
feeling at the ettortions of BLUCHER, which are
olienly specified, scarcely an indication appears in
print of the impetuous and warring passions which
we know to be agitating France from one end to the
other.

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE if still fail to have em-
harked--amidst foul winds ■nd fogs, ominous as the
tokens of destiny, which may account fur his not
being very clrally seen, though said to he still no
further from the French coast than the Isle of Ms.
Ile is stated to have embarked on the 10th instant,
at the village of Fin-as, between Roche% and-

Rochefort, and to hove passed into the Isle of Aix,
on account of the foul winds, where he is said to be
detained by that cause atone, an obstacle which we
suppose must have ceased to operate against him be-
fore now. But this *story has still an improbable
look. Several of his most distinguished military
►dher.att are also said to he on the point of quitting
Franc..., one_ statement -says, in consequence of
being ordered out of It. From DATUM?"s portrait
being also ordered to be banished the liall of the
Marshals, we apprehend ha is no greater favourite
isith the King than NET. Banishment, we sop-
ptne, will now be the order of the day, uoiess
togots and his friends continue to have the ascend.
ikt this is not. compatible with the new
system which Lout. has adopted. Myna/ is re-
ported to have met a very ignerniniou. end. A
story goes that he has been hanged by some of his
old subjects. This will greatly please certain Editors
In this country—but unfortunately for the certainty
of this fact, it is stated at the same time, on the au-
thority of a General Officer, that the Marshal is at
Toulon.

The King is shout to name a new Chamber of
Peers, and in the Papers before us there is an Ordi-
nance of his Majesty dissolving the late Chamber of
Representatives, and convoking the Deputies of the
former Chamber, in which the King explicitly avows
his resolution to profit by the lessons of experience.
It hill be well for him if he dies. The Electoral
Colleges are to he appealed to, after regulation,
the eligibility to vote is to be enlarged, and the
number of Deputies are to be increased. The* are
,the chief features of the new Constitution, whichl
is still bottomed on the old Charter. It is an odd
coincidence that the Electors of the different de.
partments are ordered to assemble on the 11th of
August, BONAPARTE'S birthday
A part of the heavy contribution levied by
Rt.octien upon the citizens of Paris has bees paid.
The.specificatiotts of the assessment given in our ex-
tracts will be found curious. Louis seems to have
no power of preventing this. An awkward attempt
is made in an Ordinance, ordering the names of
bridges and public places to be changed to conceal
the disgrace and humiliation of being obliged to adopt
this method of conciliation. IVltom will it conciliate
except, perhaps, the Prussians ?
SUCIIET is said to have notified the submission of
his army to the King. Nnthing further is stated re-
specting the submission of thoarmy of the Loire. It
still maintains that position, but the Allies are said
to have advanced to Orleans. Valenciennes still
holds nut against the Prince of ORANGE, and is still
bombarded ; but Lisle has acknowledged the ■otho.
rity of the King, for fear, perhaps, of falling under
the dominion of the Prince of the NETHERLANDS.
PAlltt, JULY 14.z—The portrait of Marshal Da.
voust has been withdrawn from the Hall of the Mar.
shale. That of Murat still remains.

It k understood that many great personages under
the Government of Bonaparte, whom experience has
not yet corrected, have been ordered to quit Franco.

It has been reported that Murat hat been bagged
by some of his old subjects, whilst k is grata by
another General, that he i< at Toulon.
It is false that the principal bankers In Paris live
been arrested, Sentrier alone were ear,e4 ,1111 Asir
bees's.

There was noiet of the public unds yelteictsi.
It is hoped k khe re-established to-day.
, Napoleon Bonaparte is sai Ito have embarked skt
half-past four o'clock, on the 10th pi Jolt, at Funks"
a little village on the roast between Rochelle audio

Rochefort, from wheuce he passed to the Isle of
Aix, where be embarked on board a frigate, which
is still detaittail,,owing to fool winds.
On the 13th, at night, the Allies are said to have
entered Orleans. The French army has passed the
Loire, nod is posted on the left bank of that river.
Yesterday a considerable sum was paid of the con-
tribution of Paris, levied on the different citizens in
the following manner : —The Notaries 216,000
francs; the Advocates 300,e00; il►e -Merchants
600,0(X); the Bankers .100,000; Es:clitange Broker;
500,000; To reimburse them for this first advance
they will receive municipal hills, payable out of the
general contributions on the inhabitants of Paris.

The Count iltru is one of the number of those
whose estates have been forfeited by order of Blucher.
It is supposed that when the funds open to-morrow
the 5 percents. which are to-day at 64 will be at 68.
They continue to bombard Valenciennes, but the
Commandant refuses to surrender to any body but the
King.

COURIER EXTRAORDINARY, Sa(urday Morning.
The Emperor Alexander and the Duke of Welling-
ton went thi• morning to the King.

It is understood that Marshal Suchet has notified
to the King the submis,ion of his army.
The Duke of Bs %satin and several of the distinguish-
ed adherents of Bonaparte are n the point of quit-
tine France.

Sixty thousand Austrians, under the command of
the Crown P,ince of Austria, have entered Troyes. .
A great number of Cossacks arrive at Paris.

Louts, by the Grace of God, Kiug of France
and Nassrre. .
To all those whom these presents concern, greet-
ing:—

‘Ve have announced that our intention was to pro-
pose to the Chambers a law fur the regulation of the
Deputies of the D.partments. Out object was to
.modify, conformably 'to lessons of experience and
the well-known views of the nation, several articles
of the Charter touching the state of eligibility, the,
number of Deputies, and some other dispositions re-
lative to the formation of the Chambers, to the intro.
duction of the laws, and to the manner of their de-
liberations.

The misfortunes of the times having interrupted
the Session of the two Chambers, we have thought
that the number of the Deputies of the departments
will now be found, from divers causes, too mach re-
duced to represent the t►ntinn sufficiently ; it is itn-
portant these all, under such citcun►stauces, that the'
national representation should he numerous, that
their powers should be renewed, and that they ema-
nate more directly from the Electoral Colleges; in
short, that the eloctions should serve as the actual
expression and opinion of our people.

We have, therefore, determined to dissolve the
Chamber of Deputies, and to convoke, without de;
lay, a new one ; but the manner of election not hav-
ing been regulated by law, except by the modifica-
tions made to the Charter, we have thought it just
to the nation that the people should enjoy at the
present moment the advantage of selecting all
more numerous and less restrained Representa-
tion than the present conditions of eligibility allow ;el
but willing, nevertheless, that in any case, each mo.
dification in the Charter shall not become definitive,
but after the Constitutional forms ; the dispositions
of the present Decree shall have for its first, object
the deliberations of the Chambehs. The Legislative
Power, when collected, will enact upon the law of•
elections ; upon the changes necessary to be masie,hi,
the Charter of the country ; changes which . maet
only be taken in points the most urgent ana..0141
pensable ; imposing' on us obligations of reconcile-
big, as much as possible, the Charter to tits „roma'
previously in use.
To these causes, we have declared, and do:fin:llre ;.
decree and decreed as follows : •

1. The Chamber of Diputieq iq dislolved. • •

2. The Electoral Colleges of the Arrondissements
shall meet on the 14th of August of the present year.

3. The Electoral Colleges of the Departments.
shall meet eight hours after the opening of the Col-
leges of Arrondissements.

4. The number of the Deputies is fixed according
-to the table following this deckle. -
5. Each Electoral College of the Arroudissement
shall elect a number of Candidates equal to the num-
ber of Deputies of thesdepartment.
6. Our Prefects shall transmit to the Prebident'of
the Electoral College of the-department lists of the
Candidates proposed by the nectars! Colleges of the
Arrondissements; which. lists ,shall 'gain be trans-
mitted by the Presidents of the Colleges.
7. The Electoral Colleges of the departments shall
chase the least moiety of the Depiaties from amonsst
these Candidates.- If the total ttuna-ber of the Depu:
ties of the department is odd, it shell partake of the
advantage of the portion which should be chosen
from the Candidates.

8. The Electors of .Colleges of Arrondissements
shall not take their seats till they have attained the,
ago of 21. The Electors of the Colleges of Depart-
Meats must be of the same age.
g. If the number of the Membe'is of the Legion
of Honour, who, tonformabls. to the Act of the
22d of February, 1806, shell be added to the Col-

ii'2

fees of *Arrondissessents or Departments, is ni t
complete, our Prefects shall be able, upon the
maml of the Legionaries, to propose new atijunctions,
which shall receive their provisionary execution.

Nevertheless the legionaries admitted to the Elec.
to al Colleges of the Departments, ought, conform.
ably to the 40th Article of the Charter,. to pay at
least 300 francs of direct contribution,

All adjunctioos made after the ht of March, 1815,
are null and illegal.

/0. The Deputies able to be elected at the age of
tweoty.one:
, 11. Conformably to the anterior laws and regal,_
all elections not 'Wade by the greatest moiety
of the College shall be null. The absolute majnri:y
amongst the Members preserit is necessary for the
validity of the election.
12. If the Electoral Colleges of Arrondistements
have not completed the election of the number of
candidates which they have to chose, the Crilloge of
the Department must not proceed to their operations.
13. The proces.verbal of the election shall be ex.
amined at the Chamber of the Deputies, who will
pronounce upon the regularity of the elections. The
Deputies elected shall be held to produce at the
Chamber their register of birth, and a erica: of their
contributions:, proving that they have paid at least
1000 francs of impost.
14. The articles 16, 25, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39. 41,
41, 42, 43, 41, 45, and 46, of the Charter %hall
be submitted to the revision of the Legislative Power
in the approaching Session of the Chambers.
15. The present Decree shall be printed, and filed
in the place of the Sittings of each Electoral Col.;
lege.
The Articles of the Charter hereabove mentioned,
shall be printed conjointly.
16. Our Minister of the Interior is charged with
the executiott of the present Decree.
Civen at the Castle of the Thuilleries, the 13th of
July, in the year 1815, and the 21st year of our
reign.

(Signed)

LOUIS.

The project of a European Confederacy (a fa,
vourite subject with political writers) seems to be
now, at least in some measure, carried into exec°.
(ion. It also seems, in general, to be regarded as a
salutary measure; the supporters of Ministers, of
course, represent it as such, and are lewd in ex-
tolling the magnanimity of the Imperial and Royal
Confederates.
The chief, if not the only, argument which is
°tiered by the advocates for the Confederacy of Ike
European Powers is, that it wig here the effect of pee.
-rtilithrillidispulerwhich may happen to arise bet seers
different States from being decided by brute force snit!
by the carriage of the human Species. It is urged that'
the mediation of a Europeanacongress will always be
listened to• with respect, and Writ ne viegle Power
would be rash enough to disregard its decisions. • We
Pfeadily admit that in this respect the measure would
he friendly-to the cause of humanity.; but :sst the
same time it ought not to be dissembled; that it may.
eventually be productive of consequences of the
most gloomy character. IVlrat surety have ws;. that
the Grand Alliance will content Itself with adjusting
the differences which may arise between- State and
State: that it will not interfere io the intetital tarifa
of nations, otherwise than by the offer of itvmedia.
don,: that it will not encroach upon the dearest *ad
most sacred rights of human nature ? To recur to the
past would only be to render us more apprehensive
for the future, The European Coalition has already
practically asserted its pretensions to interfere, in a
,fprcibte manner, In the domestic concerns ornations.
-Rut it w ill'irrobvidy. he said, that the attacks made
'pea Othe beginning of the Wrote-
Von, and in -1815,. were justified by considers-
arikteg out or the peculiatclia;acter of the cir-
liirstances. Thts reasoning will be convenient upon
Wiest occasions'; for the changes which taise-place iw-
hie policy of nations, especially if impor-
t, ere swill distinguished by circumstances of a

metier character. • •
ought to be recollectei, .that in the present

fstate'of Europe confederacy of int nations would
be a confederacy' di Monarchs; and also that the Ins-
,
jority of those Monarchs are absolute in their re-.
spective State's, -and have beets educated in principles
of the most arbitrary tendency. If a Triboual.thos
constituted undertakes to interfere between the go.
vernor and the governed, it can scarcely be es.
peeled scrupulously to consult the w ishes, the in.
lerestr, or the rights of the latter. In tbie ease,
what appeal would be left to an oppressed peo-
ple? To resist its colossal antagonist by force I.f
arms, would scarcely offer Ilse prospect of avossibi.
lity of ultimate success. A nation, to. determiun
upon so dreadful an alternative, must. .be urged by
the maduess of despair; and to he successful, must
be supported by the energies which despair itself is
sometimes observed to impart. Let us then hesitate
before we panegyrise a measure, whose ostensible
-abject, indeed, is the tranquillity of Europe, bo.,
which may eientlially prove a combinatiOn against the
rights and liberties of mankind; and become as pow-
erful an itistrumeut of monarchical tyriinny,.as the
.tribunal a the Inquisition, of ?opal dospoedm. It
is possible that oven a state of peace may be pur-

chased too ilrerly. It is the ream& ef asseerAl
rv-
apectable writers, that liberty generally nourishes am-t
rigorously and permanently in smalllcommunitit's• 1'

large Slates, he who can obtain the command of Or vii-
iitary force, ha; at hi= disposal 'a Po

!

hick he can dir'ct at pleasure upon any particular
iat hostile to his authority. flow terrible the
Ettacation of this principle, if the European &me-
iz:is mutually determine to support the measures
f each other, however odious, and however tyran.
;:al in their nature 1 A wall of brass would be
les erected against all further political improve-
. at—oppressed nations would be bound in a triple
halo of slavery. Let those communities then in
hill the value of liberty is known because its hies-
,,c have been experienced, behold with an eye of
,pre and unceasing jealousy, the pretensions
iel future operations of the European Confetia-
rs. Britain, in particular, ought not to forget,
that she has already had Monarchs, pithier so
r, .r.ileat or so unprincipled, as to disregard the
i:., it: and.the complaints of the people. A Cit 111 LES
itr a .I%mi s may hereafter ariue, and solicit, upon
te; rosisted in his arbittary projects, the assistance
f the Po wept of the Continent. Notwithstanding
r.,r 11:,sal superiority, the advantages of our insular
Wi,atinn, the inherent courage and love of liberty of
the people, the interference of the united Potentates
would nevertheless be formidable; and if the nation
sas distracted by factions at home, imminently
istigerons. It is true, that Britain might remon-
Vrate against the aggression of her neighbours—and
represent to them. that her Chief Magistrate bad
broken the compact he bud eutPred into with the
ample. This reasoning soul., he nearly unintelli-
gible to the Autocrats of the Continent. Far from
heiog restrai. ed by such heretical doctrines, they

%wild doubtless emulate each nther in vindicating
he insulted dignity of Monarchs, and exultingly cite
the inra‘ions of France es cases in point.
It has been frequently remarked, that in the al.
liances which the powerful form with the weak, the
advantages are usually on the side of the former :
the incorporation of Venice pith Austria may bead.
;laced as an instance of thin result; for it was in
consequence of the evident partiality of the Govern.
meta of the former grate towards the Austrian cause,
tat its territories were taken possession of by the
armies of France.

The partition of Poland was effected by the mutual
:nod understanding of her powerful neighbours.—
(lie passion which led so the aggression upon that

unfortunate country is insatiable in its nature-,-insa-
liable as avarice, or as the jaws of death ; and from
certain transactions which have taken placP, even
the magnanimous Chiefs of the European Alliance
do not appear entirely exempt from its influence.—
The shadow of a pretext, even now, may be all that
is wanting to the overthrow of the independence of
the minor States of Europe. The giants of the Con-
Intent may have already contemplated a measure,

so cticulated to render their respective dominions
blare compact, and to save future typographers the
!root)le of drawing the lines, which at present are
used to denote the boundaries of certain small por.
lions of European territory—not that the explicit
NAPOLEON phrase may be used—" The House of
has ceased to reign"—affairs may be con.
ducted with more decorum. The petty Princes may
be informed, that the expences of an independent

Government must he extremely.burdensome open the
population of small States ; their resignation may be
requested with all possible civility, and the request
be accompanied with the offer of a revenue as an in.
lemnity.
If this Machiavelieu policy should fail of success,
we may very easily conceive ',what would be the na.
tare of the measures next had recourse to. The ul.
!into ratio region, the argument proceeding from the
rannon's mouth, talking, like Lord CASTLEREAGH,
of the necessity of making examples, and giving the

example in the precept, by making force legitimate
rule, is more likely to he employed, if we may judge
from what we have seen, than any gentler method of
conviction; and thus what alight have been produc.
give of general good, and not only afforded brilliant
6amples of justice and clemency, but bequeathed to
the world the means of enforcing their practice to
latest posterity, from the ambition natural to Kings,
ic more likely to become a source of misery to man.
bind, and the cause of the destruction of the last re.
mains of liberty and independence. Heaven guard
Our country from the fate which such leagues have
brought upon others !

Yesterday Ministers received dispatches from Lord
CAsTLEnt:Ann at Plris, dated on Friday evening the
14th inst. The confidential intelligence contained
in this dispatch has not been made public.
The Duchess d'A Now:tun had made every ar-
lawmen, for proceeding to France on Friday last,
K hen the dispatches which her Royal Highness re-
ceived, induced her to postpone her departure for the
pre:tett t.

We hear the sum of nine thousand pounds was last
week 'mid to the Princess CHARLOTTE of WALEs,
and which was the fiist sum ever placed to her direct
credit.

The General Officers come home are—Lieutenant-
General Sir GEORGE MURRAY, K. G. C. Major-
Cenerais HENRy CONRAN. Ro. STORM, and Sir
THOM ‘s BRIMANI, with the whole of their Staff.
Lieutenant-General Sir Gonnost Duusittorrn has
the command of the troops to remain in America.—
Sir Gelltaoc Muattay set off from Portsmouth on
Saturday afternoon with dispatches for Government,
and to ascertain the intended ultimate destination of
the troops.
Not only anvernment packets, with mails, MPS-
setters, and dispatches, Are sailing daily between
Dover, Ostend, Calais, awl Boulogne; but also
passage vessels are every tide departing for, or ar-
riving from these ports, and the number •t. passen.
;era is already Tery considerable.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

-~-

17. Arrived the isabeitik Brown,
from St. Domingo, iti 36 days; Spoke the Capelin,
Small, out 33 days.—Came in the Challenger sloop
of 4ar, from Dunkirk; the Achilles man of war,
from Portsmouth, and will proceed to the Riser to
be paid °W.—Remain as before; and the S'herbourn,
for Bengal, and the I•f'illiwm, for Jamaica.

Portvsmorve, 17.—Arrived his Majesty's
ship Magny;ccnt, fionr the Downs ; Pandora and
Dispatch, from a cruise. Admiral Cockburn has
hoisted his flag on board his Majesty's ship Paissant:
—Came itt the Pt/eiders trsesport, froth Ostend, in
six days, with 91 wounded soldier's oti board. His
Majesty's ship Clinker has made a signal foe. the
convoy for Ostend to proceed to sea.

FA !MOUTH, JULY 15.—Arrived the Ilarannalz
sloop of war, from a cruise ; and the Chesterfield
packet, with a Mail, from Surinam ; sailed the 24th
May, and floin Demarara 3d June, and from Do-
minica 13th June. At Dominica they were informed
that Alartioique was in possession of the 11l ilish, and
Admiral Durham had sailed to take possession of the
Saints. On the 411 June, in let. 30. 5'2. lon. 53.13.
the packet spoke the Ametican ship Jewell, from
Nautucket, for Barbadoes, out ten days; on the
13th July spoke the Isabella schooner, from St. Do-
mingo, for London, out 31 digs.—Arrived the
American ship Washington, from Norfolk, and re-
mains.

Tilt STATESMAN.
