JAMAICA.

The following particul.rs isunw the progressive im
provenient of tlie cut ii"•ation, population, and commerce of
Jamaica for tho I tit rentary and .1 half :-
Iti 1613 there were in the island i,iui whites, and
9.501 Alves. The cbirf products wear
ind hides. Sugir had just then been begin, to be col-
ciV3terl.

In 1722 the island hal produced 11.000 hogsheads of
sugar _

In I 734 there were 7.614 It hi tes,‘.l6,:‘ 16 sl.tres, and 76,011
heal en, tie hi the

In
174.1, tlirre were 91-4 L) whites. 112.4.28 slave*, and
titi.93J lira lof eztile and the island prnd:tced 35,0110 hogs-
_
hea.is uf Kr, and 10,04'0 puncheons of ruin.
la 1765, there uric 17,0V0 whites, 14;6,514 slaves, and
135,7/3 !wad of ca!tlet and 5:),761 hu,shr,►ds of sugar,
am, 15,5:11 pun •lirons el ruin were proi!iir,ll.
In 1„I, Ihr islan4 produced only 654,7001 b.. of coffee;
and it) 1;90, 1.;S:1

At present time are it; Jamaica ahotit 350 000 slaves,
SOO,OOO brat of storh ; and the annual average produce
may he about 130,000 loprsheads of sugar, tio,ooo pun-
cheous of FWD, and. 1,000.000 pounds of coffee, &el.
In return far its commodities, Jatnaica recrivys from
Brea' Britain au annual supply of almost all her tyannfsc-
tines. The exeltc.ice right which she claims of sitrmlyintais
and the other islands with her products in one important
source of her commercial and manufacturing: r rosp -ri.y.
The annual amount of British manufactures 'lmported into
the ist snd alone is upwards of two million,. The i imports
from other parts (of lumber, provisions, ca' tle, Six.) amount
to nearly a trill:or.

The alumni rspoits to Grext Britain and Ireland mat
amount, one year with another, to at.'out five millions
and those to other parts tothout

TO. THE EVITOR.
.---
(1111.)11 A MOVING nts,en.)
Decertiher 27, 1343.
Stn—You frequently wvf,te on the stale of the labouring
poor; and, in your Paper of Dec.;,, you exclaimed against
Cottage Hartlrns. Yoe. find yourself on the brink of a
I precipice ; yon are a i•harroing prospect in front; bdt apt
prehensive of 'bk. in moving, yon evince hysterical
symptoms, and rove to no positive cs.solittion. You are
aware that the grand desideratum for notional security is
the comfort of Abe. mass of the people; or, if You please,
the independitt..e and respectability of the lower oysters.
You see the peasantry of I relond, eauli a ith two, three, or
more acres if land, tidier-able anti starving front time tut
time. Vivo see the ploughmen of Ituthurougn and Bar
wicksbire es ithout a roesl of propel ty, yet efficient as
lohuurei.s and as men, compotatively contented and hippy.
You tr.e the poor of England reduced to the most wretched
dependence on palish assistance. 'Though secure against
aAi/lute want, von see them ragged anti falling off in
greed : not " gitiat in value," though " smolt in bone,"
von see their shrink ng hone ill liesnail, and their veins
hi.soilless for Is, k of tioncisitimnt : yon know that it is as
not always thus; yeu wish it were othrrwise ; yet salt
make no specific proposal for amends.
'Phis day, '23 years agn, I left London under the the 'us-
' pices of Claveriumn t. to inspire into the state of the poor
of Rutland and Lincialnalsire. and into the effect of giving
them land fur the keep of a i•ilw or too, a practice prevalent
in these counties. I spent two months on that mission ;
an,:i the result was puirlisliesi in the 3;th roitime of Ymtitett
Annuls of i:.alture,tunforiu,:ately without my know-
ledge.
Last week, having• received intimation from the lord
Chancellut's Sectetory that judgment would be given in
my cause, with the Lake of Somerset this ri0y,...1 became
conett!sed with anxiety, and resolved to shake it off bf
changing the scene Et a visit to my old friends of Itatlarsai,
which the kindness of ladies erialled me to do. I twit att
Stamford on Tnesalay, and ”un Wtninesslay an) Thum day
walked through the parishes of Eppinglaam, Exton. U ~t.
ham, Cottesmore, Ifnrleigh, Longliam, llarleytt
0 sktiam, Egletur, tiambletion, and Ketton, coned, ruing,
everywhere, with farmers., ocer-eers of the parr, ?Ala the
pour themselves, on the existing sate of thing{ ; I car-
ried with me the identical notes taken in Vitt county,
J.lnuaty, Idtll, together with Nlr. Young's prim/ reports
of trtyt,sur, and was shocked %tilts tie melancif.ty cha,;"
of Cusps. In Rutland, where I oust is still at sowed to as
many as formerly, and even in the parish .f t &Weigh,
where herd Winchilvea, •.:3 years agu, tlerty
,hted himself
with erecting neat and comfortable cottages—scrotum°.
dating the inhabitants at the RAMC time Witte gardens and
grass land fur cows—even in this parish, where you may
still see mu s'd cisitspari;ive comfort, in th;vs parish Lord
Wincl.ilsea, formerly the proposer and tolirus) of the cow
systeni,has d ran n in his hatolortist ceased to erect cottages,
lest he should he overwhelmed with pa' apers ; and IF act.t•
ally found Witmer!, patialtiencrs of liorleigh, renting
tens-meta; elsesehree, Isecanse they could not hind aressnuno.'
dation at how,. I Ivo fel too, thrall glitla the fel-
lu sing to he the rate of pay far labourers employed by the
Overseers of the liaar. who were Numerous. and %sliest.
numbers in the event of stioat would be greatly in.
creased:

A single Man per week .
Ditto with a wife
And, for e..li child .

31.
.1)1.

_ .
In every parish, except Ketton, where there is a stntie
quarry worked on an extensive scale, I found more people
than .there was wail; for ; and I found both tie population
and Poor Rates greatly increased.

Here, Sir. after the lapse of 23 years. is the actual result
of the Cow System. which Mr.l?ounz ffstteresi himself
might be a means, if'generally adopted. of extinguishing
pauperism and poor rates. Few men rvincesi greeter
talent and eorrgy than Arthur Young—no man hsd more
pore and benevolent views, 1 thought he was wrong in
1.t.401. and that his cow system was isopeb SS for she end
proposed. Now it is rioted from exp.riettee to be so.l
lam somewhat of the nature of Animus. List She from
mother earth—bring me to London—keep rill idk in this
,busy usetstopoliai--wreee me between the fangs of Soli-
chore, Learned eriends (to say siothin of otbs!r
Hind Jadgcs.-torture sue oith law's delay; and l become'
powerless. and drspairinsr. •
Set use down wherel watroeiginaily on the Pip of eartbif
let me be fanned pith wholesome air; and hare nature tp
cheer me on all aides ; t scn I revive, grow strong, and ass
again able to wrestle with Hercules. After splashing
through the dirt of Itutlami, over pastures and ploughed
fields, for a couple of cloys, I found a couple of hours to
spare before the coach started for tern; and in these
hours 1 wrote a couple of addresses, which were left with
the Newspaper Editors of Stamford. I annex one below ;
and bid you say, what you think of my propo4al. I was
made to ti make a epoon, or spoil a horn." Which shall
.1 succeed with?—remain a. pauper. and break flints for
the highway; my uncles boond round %tills baybansta;
or. mount the rostrum, and have say brows entwined
with laurel for the abolition of pauperism ? Will you
patronise me? Will yon gain forme a herring among
the ciiizens of London ? Now, that Christmas IS Moe
stud gone; now that the world has, for seven years, had
patience and good humour to look to Mr. Owen's hopeless
vision. will it listen to me and my plan—my simple, safe,
and effectual proposal for extioguisbink pauperism and
pour rates? Roam Ciocutsaar.
13, Clifton Street, Finsbury.

TO TOR INNABOTANTS OP OUTLAND AND LINCOLNWILUL
Stamiord, Dee. 2 ibt3,
It must b. is the recollection of lastly still alive in. these
counties, that 1 visited these 23 pars ago, to upon to the
Board of Agticaltore the state of dm cottager, having I•ed

eti.ct-atetstoal.—Holiday 't the Bunk.

(Vtot *tatczotan.

J

TiII.T.SDAI EST 1' G, JANUARY 1, 1524.

STOCA: !EXCHANGE, 12 o'CLocx.—This being New Year's
Diy, this Bank is closed; hut the Stock Exchange and
Fore's"
.• Market remain op••n.
Cei sob opened this morning at 87/1; at which price
they renuin, with little illiCtlittiOn.

p to the present time we do not hetr of any Express
log arrived from Paris.
A report prevails tint Commissioners have arrived in
..fmlon, from the House of Assembly, atJant.sies.

Fens.—OwingFonernc to the report that Sacs was again
to take his seat amongst the Spanish Ministry, Spanish B onds
lowered yesterday afternoon pe: cent., but this morning they
have recovered a little, and opened at 25na 43, at which price
they remain steady.

The most business cluing this morning in the above market
Is in the new Austrian loan. whirl, greatly sought after.—
ing to its being in the hands of the monied interest, very
little of it is afloat at present.

In Columbia there i74.4ccreely ai thing doing. In all other
foreign securities the prices are almost nominal.
Old Spanish, 425 i to A—New Austrian Loan, 5 per Cent.
Premium—Columbia, 59:—Rnssis, tit4l—Old Prussia, 501—
New ditto, PI to A—Chili, 70i to

In another part of our paper we have,,inserted to itate,
ment in belia:f of the persecnted Methodists, in the. rest
Indies. Front this it would seem that theirrifation aittsinss
the Missionaries is likely to be general, and that it is its
groundless as it is blind. Averse to see that the bustles%
Lions to which they are liable, arises from. the *tato of
slavery they are earnest to maintain.. the Ousters
appear to ascribe their :dangers and difficulties.
to any other cause than what is tree. That
state of society is as demoralizing to the masters, as ft is
oppressive and itsrbarotts to the slaves; and if the former.,
had a proper sense of their own interests, they would•bearti•
ly join the leg,islature in endeavouring to bring that oili•
ons state to a speedy termination. Long before the name
of Missionaries was known, insurrections among the slaves
were freorent and savage; and if the doctrine, of
the Missionaries ha! any. tcodeney to. inspire
died:sees in Demerara with a desire terenssnelpste them,
' selves,. it most be remarked that they produced a spirit more
civilized awl mild than ever appeared in nay preciosity' ar.:
temp., and that might pot the conduct of their masteretce
the blush. Among the ratty rhoniand negroes ist•that
colony nho were engaged on that ociasion,..out. one. nal'
excite& to spill the blood of a shyest white tr;in ; bat in the
shppression of the ottempt, has tire -saute oonsideration ana
tenileriese been shows? -

•
rani, letters mention' that several Sponiards who had
sought an est•luor In the French territory." have been
arrrstettby order of the Frenehthrvernment,and that others
who had come from the Lew Countries, have Bens d'arines
plat-ail in their lodgings. •
Letters from Militia give.' melancholy picture of the
state of that place. 4 soon as the late change of Ministers
was known there, the fanatics went bowling. abont the
itreets, pro.luiwiuy their abhorrence of the measure, and
declaring they could trust no one, except clergymen, near
the throne. alerting too persons in the streets, known to
he Liberals, they intinediitely put them to death, to satisfy
their own thirst for vengeance. No person of learning or
liberal ideas ventured into the streets after it was dark.

We have been favoured with a copy of the folios% inir let
ter, received yesterday, whi.li contirtus the reported victory
of the Grerlo lover the Turkish (fret.

"AIiCONA. Dec.l3 1823.-4 tie refuses Ciwro.Cephalonia,
Trieste, and l'alantata, confiiot the detest of the Torkis 1.
fleet. tint of a vessels, only' 22 bave,swesie their escape
with the Capt Paella to the D.rdenellre. Tway. have been
taken, barne4!, or hall ashote, and the restrimein blockaded
'in the city of Lets by the tireeks. htavrocordato is gone to
'the rear of Misso)langhi with twelve:ships. k is said that
.the besipphiJave mad! tares atiettes, sot.glorieusly re-
p
- ' • • •,

.7-
poked the enemy. It is even SAW 11131 they i,a
tri.itor Ilarongni prisoner. The ilihabitants
Sclij,llll., and Nei'. "have pot to the sword el e
the Torkiifi troops 1 indeil to reduce then..
14•Iters /141111 itio tie Janeiro mention, that :tea
titlei of Nobility bestowed on Lord Cochran-, 1: ,t,
of ,lirtz;kt 3 el. eat utf•tib rof C:usses had bern -s„:' ,
atnong his officer+. Capt. Crosby had been in
COcitlolitt'd Corresportiletutp reiatjtre
tons in 3Ln-slob:to' and Para, had been
he avows flint he boll ttu ibrrnetions to 20 to a • : t .t
',bees ; adds, buying followed the Part.,
that eracoated Bahia to a very great distance
alone an 1 withont an adequate force to attar
deemed it too.t expedient to *rive up the chase
lake an Pi:t.erp,;•e t!e Mt! CUT] tit:ceil tea
to the intere•t+ ilta Brazils, fruiting' t'tat
woiild Sr:titre file appr.dtation of the tkiverrine t
account of the contrihationi he hail s •
rip:toner ist winch Ito bad organisrd the new I
duel prodded fur i;s defence and future adhl.•
Ensper..r. lie then announces his intention
returning to Ma, Whelk he wools! bring with It
n:ls ho It d taken.

Sierra L sone laz,ttes to the iStlt September.
arrived. w • are happy to learn that the mortals
ed by the ft vtr in 'hype-ceding- month of .Jay v
wed in titer aceanors then tratismi:tesi to
visitation had item severe, but not to Owes:etd
we to"! .et from the pres,.nt Journals, that ht-z.7lr.
been resto•ed to the Colony. We Gad the ii
Ckarles MacCarthy, as usual, •ernployed in t
Ppectioti froar• township eo township.
henefi.:i .1 ton try Its countenance, alvi
ance. Even in the month of August,
eartsid-red some as the most peen
of the rainy s, aSattlin that clitnate, the Govern
s•isirril the towns of liissey and Wrlfingtot
he commeoced a mar to the mountain ebtahli
the course of which he visited and insper tett La,
Ginuces'er, Itatlims•, and Leopold. The Asl
been long konom ab the most inveterate (dour e..,
that quarter of the wo:1.1; anil by the !torch! 'au:,
; British Setjeant they had faced Sir Charles :u
arms against them. ('apt. Laing, olio had ma •chent
Cape Coast against bratty was not able to bring ,
action, but had effectually stopped their hien:Aorta.
was on the 9th of August in camp at laticourabsie..
illansue, about 2..1 miles beyond Dom-plait.
Accounts front New this:ins state, that aco •idrai-s it
been discovered there among the rregrees, for pit!.
of seizing the town anti destroying the white
and that it had caused the greatest alarm, aral ,
stagnation of :role. In consequence of this the Gate.
had apiAied to :he American tiovernueent for a oody
CVO troops, to keep dawn the spirit of discobteut whit
was. displaying itself among the 'leg ro inhabits ots.
Accounts frtsm.-flerbice. by way of II +Hat aril., tit- a
SPCOtiii insurrection had broken oat among th Mavis its
that Colony, that martial late bad been prod :its t.s..eit •
every vessel had been placed tinier emit:trot, •-•i•
rulttts, howeveer, are' r rt)i-ably error .011 s, as "t -
,lays later than that of the rArtrilbat riAng s
any mention of the occorrettee.
Two app!ications have recently been matleit
Jeraef Legislature for Litt s to open oanals Syrian
to the Delaware. One of these cal als is inlet
tbrongh the courtics of Essex, 'Morris and *
the valley of the Passaic. and the other about
smith,. along the Valley of the flaritan. The p l y the-
P.18.4.1C Will communicate immeitiat ly Willti. - Erlich
coal mines, and pass through a distvictwhich-a -crib aiorm
dame of iron ore and of water pane. to any ea .• tor.

ler c

Tug Avntv.—The undermentioned service. e!tto the
inst. viz.:—ltritireil Full and Half-pay, v 'Peletneras
to liroundeil Office's. ray of Adjutant. of le si
Allowances to Reduced Adjutant. and Serj.
n 1 Militia, Foreign 11.1f-pav and Foreign
be io course of payment on the IMIt of Januar,- twat

Tbe Colone!ey of the 3 11lat'alon of the Royal Artil!,,i4
which became vacant by the death of Ileotena...t-liea-rai
B. lVtllingion,h.s not yet been tilled up.
The transports which are now conveying the `2'...l (Rot ti
IS'rleh Piptit.ert) Itutinteut of Pont, to Gibraiter.,
.orci.red to Iltr;mt the 75th Regiment o 4 Infarar freas ti
liarrisnwto Poitsinouth. •

We lrely motired the new arrangements lit it were- tardy;
ed for tlatrariny in India. We now learn. by Irt,eits +air
tad (ruin Cala-tufa; that the tlovernw Oen -ral it
had, on the 11th of July, anticipate'. those re•mlation,
having directed font additional regnneute to that loresidette.
These four will, on the tiew plan,, form eight regiment..
The want crf a sufficient number of tnilitarY to ist`r's
even the current (Infirm of reliefs, escorts, &c. Itoot
lour, felt; and recourse was had to irregular and toile
and even to new levies un.staciied to any regiment. Mir:. sor
ihi 74 WWII Was time bunted:see cause of the augmentation. or
. whether it arose ftow that wise policy,• which has loufi
'characterised dur 1
iin loot I tinvernment, we are net .et
I-prepared to say. It appar,,fltutrerer, that the Siek Chit •"„
.Iturojert Sing., who has lately so suttee:4(lllo i.vadetl tt'r
country of the Afghans, and placed himself on the tittittil
of the great Subactsei, at Cobool, or Cahill, has nuts are
quired such power, and with it the usual concomitant 4
usurpation, S insolence; that in some late utscit•li•ilesl..-
even Noted he "'had many Russians in his service, • In 4
that it, would be eitay for bine. to get more." Ilemk thn r.
we see, in this Chieftain's successful attempt on ars'itk
pendent „nation, the first &toning of a ti nien• bet (h.
n and Et.ropeait politics: There can he no doubt that tbat
Indian tiovernment will keep a watchful eve upon toe
future projects of Itunket ; hut the 'Drily possible oanse f•-k
apprehension is, that one Chief should pIINSVSS the I:psatrie•
on both sides the Indus, as is now thw case nit!) Ittfnj..et•
Sing, Ile will have much to do, lion ever, before he CUP.
solidates Iris power; and wary obstacles may be thirooe is
his way without proteetlis* to orn war. Our Arista s
dor at the Persian Com t nal Yoe nble to contrib.‘te mu.
towartig this ohjee. . • •
•Puxst•amv.......-The Ifainbarg papers of-the eta-
!Jain the folluiving letter, dated Hameln,- Westpltrl44
:Per. 3,••-," On the 3sl inst." at fire in the evening. a'vety_
gittianal. ikhepoknebswqi Wa,s Ctoentad lore, tbio.via.o
the year:.• 'nevi n'ti tiers pre% to nay. Trey -d•rtr,.ritevky
name tettlticttly illnrSinated toward& Lb* West. •Hallst 11.•;,e,
in fact, seemed to be:falting to the•earth, and; for 4 cis
durable Ohm the horizon to a great distance Sirs isltrlci;
as diy, so much se, that the town of Schaumburg, Whir*.
lies three olf (about 15 miles English) wig 'plainly-.
visible to tar naked rye. l'he next day, at the sane
while there blew a Violent wind frnathe-eosth arias. re
were visited with a magnificent storm, &he rain,. misid-witb
hail, descending in torrents." •.
Accounts from Christiana, in Survey, say that violent
shocks of an eartlignake were experienced there on the
17th, aml I.lth ult.
(ha the '24th ult.'s! stout 'hock of an earthgnak* ww.
experienced at -IYestrtap, in Sweden. The us 00441
such as stuftlenly trithrow she doors ore, and tti
TIM furniture in tits rooms.
There was a very slight .fall ofleow for a few flakiness
in "'slim on Sul urdav morning. the 20th ult the first tha
.'has occurred tit its season ; but on alondaytte nest/it-4. • tot
singularly mild, ....ma the tbennoitieter -of Fabreadiea
Stood about 50. ..•
The Prultaian Minister of Commerce hattonfilishei a no.
tilcartiirosinit,asttattdittighietbsaiitr,sifo:
in flte same" manner, as those 'deers eilbut telfes rerrich,
.=The warns the pubic ag.iext this iirieitscre
ti"ttista"nuti:aneetsaPartliss.hEyn gee' nne,brrpi:r4l:ll
.in the grimed of sits being o ions' to the 04 finat4
the Silaitins lurid ; .

~~

• BirrtioDis I'S IN THE WEST INDIES.
•

(FH/WIVE NISI..WARY CHRONICLE) •
. DEMERARA.
qt^ i/irectOrs have at 1-nath the satisfaction of inform.
. , At,me.eri of the Society, that they have received a
'rom Mr. P. 111.4, dated Oct. IS, inclosing a copy of
titte9 t., the treasurer on the 25th of September,
,ietaine,l in the Colony ; besides communications.
Lifer persons.
lett' rs of 51r. Elliot assert the innocence of the slis•
of „il participation whatever in the crime of the
petion; and the Directors entertain no apprehen4ion
:toeing that which they shall her- to retract in sac'
,er sire tull credit to the declaration. They will
• fly terms in which these a4anrances are made to
convintva that the manly ft.-lingo of conscious
ity which shine through thetn,will carry to the bosom
impartial reader a conviction of the veracity by
they are dictated.
tow 00 false reports have been sent forth against
„ith,"—(Alr. Elliot slight base added against halm.
—4' but assure yourself and a'l the Directors, that
.• • reports you oi ky hear, the only crime the
5 litre COMIIIIIVed is their zeal fur the conversion of
• .rtes. They have neither hero so weak nor so
a,:tit excite the megroes to rebellion. The Mission'
sc. ant justice only ; they hive no favour to ask ; they
~othino: to fear. The Missionaries hare not degraded
r I,oly calling. nor dieiononred the Society of which
are member<' by souin.t the seeds of rebellion instead
Word of Lire. Yee real causes of the rebellion are
,friir from tieing the Ingrortions goren by the bits-
,,,t;," lie adds, •‘ We are not cast down ; the Logo
(..to supports us ; and we are persuaded that II& who
.e t Daoielsin the lion.' den, will support an. 4 pros
•

,

„pears that the instirrrction was entirely confined to
Coast, so that no co•nmotion whatever took place
estates on which Ntr. labours, and not one of
-greet; under his instruction was implicated in the re•

being taken into custody was therefore owing
. tough he had threatenincs given him) to an alleged
edienee of orders." which he hid not understood to
in visiting Mr. Smith at the Colony House the day
was sent thither. —After a detention of about ten
.!uring which all his papers were taken from his house,
are allqwed to retail home, ust.ler- ul injiiiiction not to
..ferzete wit:t the trials. NJ charge was preferred against
sa and thus ere the vehement accusations against all ilea
..,cries of the Society within the Cot any. circulated for
cm; a ei44 mist throughout the country, reduced to that
). ' !jail Mr.
111,11rret'011, it should seem, m inifested itst If first
aunt, the distriet lb-eastward of that in u hich
ri sides. Its riipearanee- on Le nessouvenir
there Mr. Smith resides, was on 51onday the IStli
•. ~ in consequence of an or her to t.:ke into custody
long-tmr to an adjoining plantation, whom
• rues of Le ltesoavenir, as the prisoners had to
• •s, t r it, ruse to resew., Mr. Smith sae at home. He
o •••••••• 'ul;y used his et-A.:Jaunts, on perceiving the tumult,
114( le the Manager from the negroes, and continued his
-• • : ,i• -.a to induce them to return to their. duty, till he
0•,,,5e! was driveu with violence, and with r weapon held
la nil I ally, from the estate.'
Mr.!' with was taken intj custndy on the evening of the
'.:lsL -gust,. and all his papers seized. He is kept a
in the Colony house, and has since the 21th of
•had a guaril'srationed over him. Mr,. Smith is
e.„; ,o•i.ined as a pt honer, but does not avail herself of her
test on leaving her !Jubilant:, she might be refused
5.8 ..ss 1.0 Mtn again. After the 2211 August, Mr. Elliot hail
1 ?cant' tinicition with him. Mr. Sitoi:ll was on 3losilay
;44. 1 ..1; October brought to trial h‘44re a .Court Martial,
try of u hich procee.iiiig is greatly doubted iu this
‘quirv. .The public papers have Stilted four charges as
t,,rioint; he infiktinont against him, hut of their .ccurney
the Ili' (tors are not enabled to judge. Tory tease eisoe,
-.alit the itireetido of Divine Provniettre, be has been able

Ni'

• prove 'dime ge;!tlf;:r of diem mill.
It is cor, however, hr concealed, that he will have
:.t4 much to contend with from he violence of public pre-
j..lice in the colony, and it is to be leaved front the false

• ~..roim.b of some of the nul.appy negroes, whom the hop
taro towards thetwielves may have led to twine, against
tin miugs that lie knew not." Indeed, the Directors
.1P informed, 'lvor, aothorit c on which they ern rely. than
•• ••o• of the condetnaell Deg roes, finding the hape
. auly, ha lin the met solemn mariner tleclsred thrt
• , hA. been in.loced so to at t, and that others, on being
.ationed whetter they hml nut been incited to rebellion
Ain Smith, had in the strongest terms which their
• !ren langmege could mipply, dented the imputation. It
steel ny the writer of one letter, that he his often heard
~,rgel circulated against the lissionaries, as if spoken by
i• negrois at the time of their executiou, which he knew

Pli9 3 near spectator) that they never had uttered.
14, itireetors are perswi that the fri. ntis of the
ty I.'lll approve ui their not waking larger qutotal ions
stn the .e co ttttt innications at present, anti that they will
el brief statetricut which they are :thirst to offer,
1.• tae ~.,rtiolence that they nil) be enabled, err lour, to
•:att. thein a circninstantial justification of the.cha-
t• atal conduct of their greatly caltunoietel Mission-

statemeht, brief s.; it is, will be sufficient to show
11,e Inseitvod of the utmost innumerable reports which
h...• two indu.trionsly circulated through the kingdom'
inue•ft through the *odd.
ibe edony of °einem* ht divided into the east and
se.t coast's by the Demerara river, the former, including
4v4. being on its right bank. Mr. Elliot is stationed
the nest,,Nlr. Smith. on the east coast, about 20 utiles
ei,•.‘at from each other.
'I he isme of Mr. Smith's trial is not yet known in
but it is stated in the public papers that by a
v,•4liarired at one of the oust ports, letters here been
,er.,bethof the date of the 27th October, which, mention
'`at the eridersee for the prosecution closed on the 25th
tunic, and that the Cout t mould meet on the lst NOV.
•u Pito:test on the deleneti.

tt'h te4vaTtinir feitbetiecision. the Directors are much i'
riev:d it knowing that the itealth of Mr. Smith has for 1
some time been in a clanKrrollt state, and that his pivot-
ciao hee, just twtore the Insurrection broke out. advised
him t.. fake a voyage to Engleutl, as the best means of
r,,corray., The Directors have w ritten to him, recommend •
i, 4 !tis compliance with thiu advice as soon as circuity'
nanee•*lll allow him so to do, which it may be hoped
oil teethe case ere long.
'the jyrectors have received letters from Mr. Davies,
t!..,:.41 Mr, lith and lSth October. He arrived with his
1, ily in littnerar.i, on the lltb of that month. through
tt.t. divine goodness, in health and safety. Under the
no, k which the. state of affairs occasioned, he had the
litypiness to find his own congregation enjoying tranquil-
roy and that net one of the Negroes who attend his
wiaistry took any part in the insurrec lion. He speaks
I' th, kindness with which the tiuvernor received him,
ett ttateslhat he was allowed to preach as bebre.

BERBICE. .. i
• TIMM/MON OP MR.WRAT'S mare&
Fll',,- s'lewr front the Rev. John Witty, our Missionary '
'I;- Coiony of,Deibire, (bordering on the- Colony df ,
fi,.r.18) dated September 25, 1523, the Directors have
,"I:e4 the distressing intelligence of the drstruction of
resill by tire, on Monday, the 2241 of that motitb:
'" fitebrgan in a small home close to the .chaprl, bad
11 '0 tbe isindWard, immediately cointattoicated to .I
lin Abertfinte:selineed it to ashes. It appears that
r' ,I.b was in .the Lanais when the 'fire comasenreill
' "I
w "tesillitaier, it was kindled, was not known, sirketr
' t.!. elite.
.gany of the inhabitants, of all Colours,
