T}W ST Ai rismAii:

important coutequances are suspended. At Buce-
osa, Mina may collect his forces, and hazard an engage.
mint without much risk, from having the advantage of a
place of refuge in case of a defeat; or if he should pre-
fer a farther retreat, he will oblige his enemy to divide
bis forces while masking or besieging the fortress, at the
same time that be way obtain, from falling upon Tarra.
ens. the same protection he would have from Barceloni.
--Molitor it appears, has divided his corps,
and sent one part to follow Ballasteros, whilst with the
other he has entered Catalonia. Ballasteros, it is re-
peated, is retiring upon Valencia. That city, by the bye,
is not in the hands of the army of the Faith, as former
accounts had stated, but only besieged by them. The
official accounts in the French papers are new, from a
report of Ballasteros, discovered to he garbled for the
purpose of producing favourable impressions in France.
The report to which we allude, and which we give in
another part of our paper, exposes a gross suppression of
truth. A smart affair, it appears, took place between ■
Spanish brigade, and four French battalions, 500 caval-
ry, and two battalions of the Faith, on the 18th near Ar.
redillo.—Considelable loss was sustained on both sides,
and a French Colonel of Cavalry killed in the first
charge. '1 his we presume was Colonel Muller, whose
death of his wounds was mentioned in Wednesday's Paris
papers.—Ttria affair was never noticed in the French
hollet:ns. Ballasteros admits that the Spaniards
suffered mach at Logrono, but fought with great

I
steadiness. This is chiefly important, because the
troops engaged there were militia. This affair
was al.° slurred over in the Monetestr. There
are accounts from Seville, stating that the Cortes
bad commenced their sittings. The only irsspOrtant act
done, wai the preparation of a declaration of war against
France, which was presented by command of King Fer-
dinand to the Cortes, and submitted to the Diplomatic
Committee. There is a proclamation of the noted Trap-
pist, ip which he sets forth his griefs against the Spatial)
Liberals. The principal is, that they have " calumniated
the Holy Tribunal of the Faith," (the Inquisition). "ca-
lann.iatedthe Society of Jesus," meaning, we need hardly
say, the Jesuits--and lastly that they " deify a block of
stone," alluding to 'the Constitntional columns. This
Trappist has the merit of openly avowing what he wants.
The Duke d'Angouleme is said in the Paris papers, to
receive frequent despatches from Seville, from which it
would. seem that negociatiuns with diet:octet were still
carrying on.
A Lisbon Mail and Bayonne Papers arrived yester-
day, the contents of which are important. It ale
ptars that Ur neral ltego cotitinned his porsult of the
Hebei Amarante, but was unable to come up with
b:tn, and that the latter had so well defended him-
self against an attack made upon him by the Spanish
Herter:ll Motillo, that the latter considered he
could not hinder him from proceeding in 'the dim_
lion of Burgos, where lie would probably join the van_
guard of the French Army, and be embodied with the
Army of Faith. The following is a
NOTE TAKEN ON BOARD OP' TUC PORTVOUKSI PACKRT
LA'ZITANO, AT ON( O'C•OCK, P. 111.,, APRIL 29, is 20

DOVIt3 IRON OPORTO !--
" The Captain says, that an Express arrived to-day at
Oporto, with the news that the Pacificatory Army was in
Leon, and that on the 2als it would commence its retreat
to Portugal, because General Murillo had sent word by
an Aid-de-Camp to General Lniz do Rego, that he had
attacked the Portut,ntese rebels, and that he could not
hinder them from proceeding in the direction of Burgos,
where he juthred they might arrive on the 26th of this
month, to join the vanguard of the French army."
Letters from Barcelona state, that the Captain of a
vessel, arrived their from Marseilles, gave information
that at the moment of his departure a great revolution
hail taken phve ; that the Constitution of 1791 was
adopted, and Napulcon 11. proclaimed Constitutional
Emperor. The Captain added, that he left the people
lighting with the troops, and that the latter were obliged
to retire from the city. These way be some foundation
for this statement ; but we by no means credit it to its
full extent.

STOCK EXCIIA NCI!, TwELve o'CLoar.—Clonsols open-
ed this motning at 7eqii,and lowered to li,at which price
they have kept steady with little or no business doing.
The Express from Paris have brought the French Rentes
at 8745, and Spanish 4N. The above are said to be the
prith of Saturday. The Private letters observe that the
French Ministry are greatly piqued at the Speeches of
•ur Ministers in regard to the Spanish affairs.
FOREIGN. FeNos.—Spanish Bonds opened this morn-
ing at 35/iiie, with little doing.
Chili, 071—New Spanish, 3.51-oid, 00—Danish 901—
Neapolitan, 74—New Prussian. 82—Old Prussian, 83—
Bassin, 78—Colombian, 671, 68.

Our Readers will observe:by the notice in a preceding
Column, that the Annual Meeting of the Society for the.
Refuge of the Destitute, was held on Saturday even.
ing. We have alsays felt a lively interest in
the success of this excellent Society, and shall never
fail to offer our best exertions to promote it.—lt is
a Society which admits of the support and co-operation
of men of all opinions, political or religions ; for its
object is unqualified benevolence towards the distressed.
• Indeed that object is fully expressed by its title.—The
Society is a Refuge for the Destitute in the most
enlarged sense of the expression; Oboe, its assistance
is moie immediately extended to those who, being dis-
charged from our prisons, arc exposed to all the priva-
tion, all the temptation, of want. To such as these, the
Society, in the first instance, affords present assistance ;
and, according to their various occupations in life, endea-
vors to place them in situations of honest industry. In
sea a city as London, it mast be obvious that such a
&witty must be a public benefit, we had almost said in a
municipal point of view ; for it mast tend very materially
to the diminution of crime.

The Bremen galiiot, Thomas IVenke, master, from
Bordeaux from Bremen, was spoken with in Mount's
Bay, on the 3d instant. The master stated that he had
Jai Bordeaux ten days before, at which time a great
number of sick and wounded from the army in Spain.
were daily arriving there. This statement proves the
falsehood of the official accounts from the French head•
quarters, in which it is asserted that they have met no
Deposition in Spain, but were everywhere received as
f►iendsand deliv e --Itonaparte's bulletins used to tell
Pie lase tale.—(Wert 8ri194.)

Tett KING.—We have great pleasure in stating, that
his Majesty's health is so mach improved, as to afford
a hope thnt a Drawing Room will shortly be held' at one
of the Royal Palaces. We were glad to witness the
King's health and strength sufficiently restored, to ena-
ble him to enjoy the air and a little wholesome exercise
in hii own domain, in his low and comfortable open
carriage. Carlton Palace Hardens are very extensive,
and the gravel walks, wide enough to accommodate a
carriage, are of much greater extent than persons. not
acquainted nith their devious windings and turnings,
would imagine. Should his Majesty. health be glide
restored, there are to be several grand parties at Carl-
ton Palace during the sitting of Parliament, or before
the season terminates, in addition to the Drawing
Room. These arrangements will, however, depend up-
on circumstaoces over which Majesty itself can have
no controul. Before the close of the Exhibition at
Somerset House, a Royal Visit is intended.—(Moratng
Chronicle.)

His Majesty, it appears, is the only male of the Royal
Family who is afflicted with the goot. It is a remarka-
ble circumstance that the eldest of the females of the
Royal Family, the Queen Dowager of Wirtemberg, (oar.
Princess Royal,) is also et times severely visited with the
same complaint. By a letter received from Wirtemberg
within these few days, it was stated that the Queen was
co much afflicted with the gout in her hands that her Ma-
jesty was unable to use them.
Yesterday the King received a long visit from the
Duchess of Gloucester.

Yesterday afterno.m at two o'clock, Prince Leopold,
tl'e Duchess of Kent, and the Princess Feodor, attended
by Sir R. Gardiner, and Sir Henry Seetnn, went to So-
merset House, to view the exhibition of paintings, &c,
Their Royal llighn.PSPll were received by Sir Thomas
Lawrence, the. President of the Royal Academy, who
conducted them through the different rooms of the exhi-
bition, with which their Royal Highnesses were pleased
to express themselves highly gratified. It occupied
their attention till ten minutes past four.
The grand dinner party given on Friday by Prince
Leopold, at Marlborough-bootee, was to meet their Royal
Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Glonerster, the
Duchess of Kent, and the Princess Sophia Matilda. A-
mong the company were the Princess Feodor, the Mar-
-1 (loess of Tichlield, the Earl and Countess of Warwick,
Lady Augusta Gordon, the Duke of Devonshire, the
Marquess and Marchioness of Lansdown, the Duke and
Duchess of Leinster, Lady Stanhope, Karl Grey, &c. &c.
After the dinner party his Royal Highness Prince Leo-
pold had a numerous and splendid evening party, on
which occasion, the spacious hall and gallery were bril-
liantly illuminated with or-mole antique lamps, as were
also the lower suite of rooms, with antique lamps, lustre.,
chandeliers, &c. The refreshments were served in the
old dining room, in great abundance, consisting of the
I most choice and rare fruits, very superior confectionary,
I
ike. Townsend attended at the head of the police, to
I regulate the carriages, Ice. and great order was pre-
served.

The Doke of York has in the kindest manner e in-
tented to patronise and encourage by big illustrious pre-
senee a benefit on Whit.monday, in aid of the unfortu-
nate family of the late Mr. Carr.
The Duke of Bedford has inclosed a draft for 20 gill.
neas to Mr. Deo. P,ohins, in aid of the Widow and 14
children of poor Carr, the Prompter.
The Co►ent-garden Company are determined not to be
backward in the cause of charity, and have commenced
a separate subscription at their theatre, to aid the fund
for securing some IN lief to the helpless wife and 14 desti-
tute children col the late Prompter of Drury-lane theatre.
It already exceeds 50 guineas.

Ax AFFAIR or Hotroun.—We understand that the
result of the Court of Inquiry, held by order of the
Commander in Chief last wrek, on the sutject of an
affair of honour between Colonel C. and Lieutenant F.
has been highly satisfactory to the character and feelings
of the latter gentleman and his friends.

TRICK UPON MR. ELLIS, M.P. FOR DUBLIN.—A few
days ago, Mr. Ellis received a letter in London, purport-
ing to be from Lord Manners, desiring urgently, and in
rather peremptory terms, Mr. Ellis's immediate attend-
ance in Dublin on important professional business con-
nected with his office of a Master in Chancery. Mr.
Ellis wrote on the instant to the Lord Chancellor, pro-
mising to set out for Dublin on the next day, and, not-
withstanding the urgency of the occasion which had
called him to Parliament, Mr. Ellis set out within a few
hours on his return to town. He arrived in Dublin on
Monday evening, and on waiting on the Lard Chancellor
learned, fur the first time, that a trick had been practised
upon him. Lord Manners not having %rated to Mr.
Ellis, and of course surprised at the receipt of a letter
from him of such a purport, had written to Holyhead,
to apprise Mr. Ellis of time 119 ax; this communication
was not, however, received by Mr. Ellis. We shall just
add, that M•. Ellis is yet in town, and as the object of
having drawn him from the House of Coalitions at the
present moment cannot be mistaken, on !nvestigation

little dreamt of by the faction is procre lint,•. We arc
restrained to-day (rout saying more.—(Dublin Evening
BRIGHTON, May 11.—•DISTRESSINO CATASTROPHIC.—
The weather at sea,on Friday was squally,aud, at intervals,
the swell in the channel tremendous. Our inackarel boats,
in nets, suffered considerable losses—the boat of
Morley, of its aggregate, came in deficient of eighty.
Allen's boat was deprived of from thirty to furty. Wing-
ham's heat left behind upwards of twenty, and various
other disasters occurred in a ►imilar way. But severe
as were these mishaps, they dwindle into insignificance
when compared to the melancholy and fatal event which
attached itself to the boat of Jacob Carden. The latter,
with five hands on board, viz. Jacob Carden, jun. and
his nephew, about fourteen years of age. Murrell, a lad
aged IS, William Harman and William Daniels, at be-
tween eight and nine o'clock, a. in. was seen by another
boat, the " Samuel anti Mary," Virgo owner, .south of
Newhaven, as returning for this place, and in the com•
plete observance of the said " Samuel and Mary," to
ship a sea which, in one instant, capsized her, and con
signed all on board to a watery grave. To render as
sistance was impossible, nor, as yet, have any of the bo-
dies been picked up. ►roor Harman has left a widow,
with seven children, and who is far advanced in preg-
nancy with the eighth. lAn accident, of a similar nature,
so perfect in its distressing character, Iles not occurred
here for mrny years ; and, we trust, it is not destined to
find a parallel in the future.

We understand that there is no truth in the report of the
apprehension of Wm. Borthwick, late of the Bunt Lothian
Bank, in Ireland, an account of which appeared in an Irish
paper. and was copied into several journals in this country.
—(Ediatturgh Star.)
Provost Cowan of Ayr, bas received a respite, during
hi. Majesty's pleasure, for David Earl, senten,•cd at
last Ayr circuit to be executed for passing forged notes.

CORN-EICHANGE, MAY 12.—Last week's supplies of all
descriptions of Grain were moderate, bet there was ano-
ther large quantity of Flour reported. This tnorning
the fresh arrival of every kind of Corn are small, partly
owing to the boisterous weather. Prime Wheat foiled
havers at rather higher prices than last Monday, but
other qualities are without alteration. lit Bailey there
is no variation from the currency of this dry se'rnight.
Beans obtain is. per toatter more than our last -quotati-
ons. Peas of both description also command rather
higher prices. The dentand,Tor Oats still continues con-
siderable, and harlog but, few at market, they sold
10Erdily at Is. per quarter in advaise of the prices of 014
day sennight.
•

.1,

Yeßtfirday morning Mr. Latchford, the King's Meg
senger, arrived in Howning-streit, With despatchts from
Spain, ,
INDISPOSITION ele TSB Junoas.—We regret to have
to notice the continued indisposition of the Lord Chief
Baron, Mr. Baron Ostrow, Mr. Justice Beg. and Mr.
Justice Richardson. The Lord Chief Justice of the
Common Pleas was also prevented from attending the
Court in consequence of a violent spasmodic attack. It
is painful still to add that the Master of the Rolls is also
much indisposed.
MARRIAOC tN Mau LIPE.—On Friday week all the
arrangements were finally settled fur the alliance between
the houses of Cavendish, Howard, and Gower. In a few
1 days the eldest son of the Marquess of Stafford will lead
to the hymeneal altar Miss Julia Howard, the third
daughterof Lord Viscount 51orpeth.—(CarialeJournaL)
It is reported that Mr. Brownlow, M. P. for the
county of Armagh, is to be the Lord of the Treasury—
brie only in his 15th year, and is married to a daughter
of the Earl of Darnley.—(Dublin Mons. Post.)
Letters were on Saturday received at Liverpool from
Buenos Ayres, dated Jan. 23. They mention that the
Colombian Minister end General Las Hera,. one of Ge-
neral San Martin's Officers, had just arrived there from
Chili. When they left General San Martin he had just
recovered from a severe illness ; hut he was expected
to leave Chili for Mendoza in a few dap, to live on his
own estate. Monte-Video remained in the hands of the
Portuguese as before. It was expected that the dis-
turbances in Chili would be settled by the banishment
of Rodriguez and the establishment of a better Gov.:fo-
ment.

A letter from Bayonne says—" An iinfortutiate event,
which shows that the war begins to assume a reruns and
dangerous character, is the assassination of five French
soldiers, which took place at Ernaui, three days ago, in
a house where they passed the night. This %io!ation of
the laws of war and of host itality will, no d cobs, be se-
verely punished; but the example that will he given
will serve but to inflame the vindictive character of the
Spaniards."
A letter, received at Bayonn:., from Larrdo, stat?sohat
when that port was taken, the Army of the Faith plun.
dered it without mercy; and that the garrison of the tort,
which by the capitulation had liberty to join the
Constitutional Army, was sent to Biituva as prisoners
of war.

l'he Leeds petitions to the two Houses of Parliament
for the abolition of slavery, were trunsiniced last Mon-
day evening, with 9,400 signatures °trained in little
more than two days. The packet enclosed a p-tition
from Rawden on the same subject,-igned by GOO inhabi-
tants. The Huddersfield pet tion on the sarne subject,
with 5,096 naves, was also fur warded on Monday.—
(Leeds Mercury )
The London Quarter Sessions began this morning,
before the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, Alderman Sir
JohW Peering, Bridges, Brown, and Crowder, the
Recorder, Sheriffs, and City (Meets. The Re-
corder in his charge to the (hand Jury, spoke of the
small Dumber of cases which would occupy their time.
A ease of perjlsrv, however, wo ilit particularly engage
serious attention.—. common Jury ease was tried of a
wont of the name of Osborne, a dealer in fish, for an
assault. and obstruction of the foot path, the corner of
Petticoat Lane. She was funnel Guilty, and fined Is. and
rsgMred to find security for her future good conduct, in
twenty pounds. Her delicite feelings were en notch
overpowered by the sentence, that she had nearly faint
ed, and was suppotted out of Court, by several ladies o.
her acquaintance.
The length of streets already lighted with gas in the
metropolis is 215 miles; and the three principal comioa-
nies light 39,501 public lamps, and consume annually
about 33,155 chaldrons of coals.
A well-known Military Gentleman connected with the
Sister Island, who has returned via Paris from the Penin-
sula, gives the following report of the state of thing,
, there :—He passed, on his way from Alailrid, through the
belligerent armies, sod SA w the Due d'Angouleme. The
destruction of the Preach armies by famine, disease.,
and the guerillas, is lie says, confidently calculated on by
the Spaniards, whose great anxiety is to draw them as
far into Spain as possible. Disease prevails to a great
extent already among them. Great want of provisions
is felt, although they pmy largely fur whatever they can
procure ; anil the cavalry base already been obliged to
retrograde, front want of forage. In short, lie says,
things are going on as well as the hest friends t t the
Spaniards could possild y desire. He allows that the
Peasants, inmany places, have rneired the French well,
but this was only on account of the money they laid out,
and none of them joined the irvadere. The least at-
tempt at compulsion would at once convert the Wattle of
them into hostile guerillas.
The electors of Tintagel (Bossinev) are in daily ex-
pectation of a writ r the election art Member for that
Borough, in the room of the Hon. J. W. Ward, who Las
succeeded his late father in the title of Lord Dudley and
Ward.—lt is understood that the eldest son of Air. S.u-
art Wortley, the Member for Yorkshire, is to be the new
Member ;—he has just come of ate, and is now oa the:
continent. We have heard that arr. Rowland Stephen.'
son, the London Banker, who lately, but unsuccessfully, '
opposed the Northumberland interest at Newport, in-
tends to make an attempt at Tintagel ; but it is generally
understood that matters are too snugly managed there
to admit of any chance of his success.—(Wear Britaa.)
MANCHESTER, MAT 6.—On Thursday last, Mr. Francis
Wootton, the person who has contracted to remove the
ball and cross from St. Mary's spire by means of ladders
only, arrived in this town, accompanied by his son and
an assistant, in order to take advantage of the first fa-
vourable weather to carry his wonderful project into
• effect. After making the necessary preparations, he
commenced the erection of his chain rd ladders against
the spire on Friday morning, and before the close of
that day lie had suEteeded in re oiling within a few
yards of the ball, in a rummer, the expedition and inge-
nuity of which were in the highest degree admirable.—
On Saturday morning we arrived in the church-yard as
Air. Wootton was raising the last ladder, by far the most
perilous of the whole, and had an opportunity of snrvev-
ing him through a powerful telescope ; and to see time
composure and cordidence lie proceeded with his work,
I when the least slip would have hurled him to destruction,
was truly astonishing,. %Vile,' he had fastened the bot-
tom of this ladder, which was placed against the ball in
a nearly perpendicular direction, lie hail to ascend it,
though unfastened at the top; and in this dangerous
situation lie contrived to throw a rope twit's round the
spire, and succeeded at last in making it perfectly secure ;
after which, he mounted to the top, stood on the very
pinnacle of the spire, and pulling nil Li.; hat gave three
cheers, which were heartily echoed front the crowds be-
low, acho bad for a lung time been looking up with
breathless astonishment and fear. On his descent, lie
was again hailed by the hearty cheers of the by-sunders.
During the remainder of that day he was not ails: to
proceed much farther in his undertaking, in consequence
of the as ind being too high to render it practicable. By
means of a hook, fastened to his belt, lie was enabled to
astaelt himself to the ladder ashen at work, but this not
being visible by the spectators, his situation at times
seemed hazardous in the extreme, when both his hands
were engaged, and there appeared no other stay betweesi
him and destruction titan the uncertain tooting by the
ladder. Of the undertaker and its project w• can scarce-
ly speak in terms toa high, and we believe it equals, if
not exceeds, any thing in the records of human daring
and enterprise. To the time of our paper gad ogtte press,
the weather had proved so unfavourable as to render fat;
ther proceedings in the undertiking up to tiast pviipfki
impracticable.—(3landiestcr Mercury.) . c,
