illsy sr tire' embellished with a plate
Dandy; on Moslem Peeping IM."

MILLARD'S PATENT CLOTH.
MILLARD begs respectfully to inform the
11,• Nobility and Families ening to, or reiarning from, the
Bait sad West Indies. &r. his PA TEN r CLOTH iuper.edrs
the ate of the Floe Madras Liirg Cloth. of India, and is the
best substitute for Liaen, while it is nearly half the price, and
it found particularly debirahle for its henlshfultiess to wear in
timer, as well as in the more cold and changeable climates : it
is sold, stamped, for exportation, no ratite Bole., unit by
the single Piece, of 26 to 52 yards each, for the use of Fu-
allies. at 21.018- 6d.. Si., 3s. 6d. per card, and upwards, at
his Family Linen Warehoo,e, Bcc. No, 16, Chenpside (ned on
arhere el,e), in 4 4ths for Shirting, uod.6-4tht for Sheeting.—
To those who wish a warmer article sinus lAlain, it ismosi de-
thie, as well as for its em,essiny. The Sasietings for the
whiter seams, and for cold climates, possess the peculiar ad-
vantageof beautiful appearance nod I,leas...ntneoi.,f wear.
The White Chintz and Anjesigas, for Ladies Diet.s, Child-
rens' Wear. Ste. are obtained as ab me, in Piece*, containing
from three to tour Dresses etch, from Two to Three Guitieus
the Piece.

vision had a rencontre at Calleans with the enemy
forces which covered Guiria and Campine, wt.n,
to the number of 400, bad marched with the tnten•
tion of flanking the division which besieged the
town—this body of the enemy was completely rooted
and lost their arras and ammunition.
On the morning of the 30th the garrison of the
town made a vigorous sortie on the lines occupied by
General Bermudez, and both parties were engaged
in the most obstinate manner. Fur more than five
boors the action was carried on with the greatest
vantage; hot Gen. Bermudez having consumed all
astesersition, determined to retire so Comaneeew,
its order to combine the ulterior operations to be
taken, and where he receives daily reinforcements.
The town of Comana, in the sortie of the 30th, has
lost at least one.half of its defenders in killed and
wounded.
Head-quarlers, SI. Tbotrati of Angurorl. June IR. 1818.
CARLO:4 St/IAE1•:III:4
C•ief of the Grueral SWF.

EXTRACT PROM THE "COURIER OF ORINOCO. PUB•
LIMED AT ANGUSTURA ON SATURDAY °Tra JUNE,
1818.
" Our communications with Rio Negro are quite
free, since the Commandant Ilypotito Cuevas was or-
dered by Gen. Pees to liberate the villages on the Up-
per Orinocaand unite them to the Republic. Ilis first
nhject on entering the country was to write to the Com.
mandatit of the Portuguese frotnier, assuring him
that his intentions were friendly anti pacific. The
answer from this Chief nos most satisfactory, since
he give% us the most positive assurance, • That his its.
►ion. far from lain part in our dissensions. observes.
the most immutable neutrality.' The Commandant
Cuevas retuned with his troops to Apure, leaving
the Government of the country in the hands of one ut
its own inhabitants, Joseph Izquierdo, aho is gene•
rally esteemed for Ha probity and honour, and
the mildness of his character. Among those people the
greatest tranquillity prevails, and various tribes of
Kill Indians from the interior 'have entered into
communication with them, and carry on a small
tunic, which, without doubt, will be considerably
increased, when they receive the Earop•an merchau-
dize carried from Angostura by some individuals from
114) Negro, in return for various valuable produc-
tions, which base stimulated the merchants of this
cavils!. It is truly deplorable, that the want of pro.
per vessels calculated for this navigation, will toot for
the present allow us to give the necessary impulse to
the relations of commerce with a country ohich offers
so many natural productions, and from which great
advantage might he derived to European art. and in-
dustry, to the mutual benefit of both Continents.—
Then we should soon SPO the great benefits of which
the world has been deprived through the egotist in.
dolence of the Spaniards, their, criminal monopoly,
and the barbarous plohibitive, system, which was
carried to such an extreme, that the Indians of one
mission were not allowed to communicate with those
of another, although they were both governed by the
same Monks ; and America iro to be entailed to that
slothful nation, because, forsooth, they do not chose
to work, but retail the labours of other people! But
no, this fault does not rest with the station, which
deserves a better fate ; but with their Government,
who, from proscribing, strangling, or burning alive
all those who dared to think, has succeeded in de.
pricing them of their intellectual faculties and of all
vital action, compelling them to follow Ole istpulse
. 1
of its caprices and imbecility.
" Spaniards of the Peninsula !--Your Government
is your real enemy. We, on thy: contrary, are your
natural filen&
110 frere est un ami donne par la Natere.
It is not with you we carry on the Wirt but with the I

ciousness not to respect the Laws of Nations
with the Insurgents, they had employed mild-
ness and good faith. Now I fear all remedy is im-
possible. We know positively that Father Torres
hes strengthened himself very much near SI. Lois do
Potosi, although the Government published not long
since his total defeat and death. The Government
also published, in, this capital of Mexico, that the
King's troops had token the only remaining import-
sot post occupied by the Insurgents in this kingdom;
and that we meg:consequently in a state of tranquil-
lity. Notwithstanding, the truth is, that we are at
present shot op in this capital, as welt as in all the
others, without being able to go out of the gates,
because the Insurgents occupy all the neighbourhood
in considerable force."

EXTRACT OF A LLTTER VIOM TRINIDAD.
" Port Spain, July 9. 1818.
66 MT DEAR Sta,—l inclose you aatbenticdocu
ments to show you the result of the campaign in
Venezuela, viz. the possession of the important post
of San Fernando, with the peaceable occupation of
the rich Province of &Whips, and all the Llatros of
Caraccas. I sent you before the particulars of the
action at Guayabal, where the whole of the Spanish
force, consisting 4,100 mounted Csrabineers of the
King, were killed ortaken, except lb. Commander
and four men.
" There has been no innovation whatever made in
the Republican Government on the Main. General
Bolivar is iu the peaceable enjoyment of his situation
and honours, as a• Supreme Chief of the Republic,
and Ceptain.General of the Armies of Venezuela and
New Grenada, &c. &c. &c.; and in perfect union
with Peitz, Marino, and all the other Generals. In
a word, there is a regular Government established,
and order restored as far as the ludependents occupy
at present.
66 An the Colonies are receiving large supplies of
mules from Guayana, and we have received a consi-
derable number here. There will be soon a fine crop
of tobacco in Guayana and the produce of Barinas ;
so that it may be fairly said, the Independents have
retrieved their resources at the point of the bayonet
and lance, and will open the nest campaign under
very favourables circumstances, as far as relate to
means, military skill, and public opinion.
66 General Pan is General Commandant of the
Danes (plains), and has displayed the greatest mili-
tary talents. Marino and Bermudez remain near
the city of Camara, the former occupies Cariaco,
and the latter Puerto de Medera, three quarters ors
leave from the city. The Spanish vessels are, it is
said, at Puerto Cabello. The Patriots Nonato, Perez,
and Padre, Col. Marino, keep their ground, and are
increasing their means in New Granada.
66 The brig Sarah is safe arrived at Angostura.
66 The Patriot Inteudent Cea (who is an excellent
botanist) has discovered in Guayas the vegetable
scarlet dye, or plant called Chapi, which is likely to
prove a very valuable article of trade. If you refer
to the Viagero Universal, you will see the natural
riches of that country, which are nnw thrown open
to the researches of the enlightened and indestrioes
world. But the most valuable plant is the tree of
rational liberty, which wends and thrives wonder.
fully throughout Venezuela, end under whose shade
the people enjoy a new moral ezistence."
rotTegcT or A LETTER FROK TOB%OO, lelth JULY.
" I arrived in this Island a few -days ego from
Angostura, where I had been for upwards of too
months; and shortly after leaving that city, I re.
,frlssg the Supreme Chief, by express a few
coßitjUit tb4 iist number of
:the Corrgi ‘l4l Oittioco,

Veil,Seel' ; thekspirit - deadly:
The country may be rendered a desert, and the pao.
potation annihilated, but never will the Moser tyo
ranny be re.established. The conduct of the Gods,
as they are styled, have been horrible, end the coon
sequence is, that war hai becone
nem. At the commencement of the campaign, Gen.
Bolivar issued an order, prohibiting, under several
penalties, the ezecation of .zpanish prisoners, and as a
proof of his sincerity, sent back safe arid a .drid
number he had taken it the nettle df Calobeon. Mot
rill°, in a subseqatent affair, umlaud numeral of Ski
Patriot army, alt of whom, and ail those who have
since fallen into his hands, he caused to be butchered.
in cold btocd ; neither age nor sea afford protectloi*
from their cruelties, and is it to be wondered at that
retaliation should follow ? Many whose nearest an&
dearest relations have been abused, tortured, and maw
sacred by the inveterate foe, now wreak WO ven-
geance on every Spaniard they met with. The MA
tempts of Spain to regain her former dominion,
serve only to show her weakness, and- to prolong
the Miseries, the dreadful, miseries, arising fro
such a warrant. •tio farce, p 0 pretence will ever
bring the intabitants of these regions under
the Government of Ferdinand—as above mentioned;
they may be 'destroyed, bat cannot be subdued.—
How magnanimous, how generous, were Britain to
lend but even a small portion of her mighty aid. Re-
peatedly have i heetd the Supreme Chief declare cor-
dially, ' Let but Great Britain afford us protection,
and make us independent, and we will adopt any
form of Government agreeable to her.' It is evident
that the independence of South America will be pro-
ductive of the greatest advantages to our native land;
an extensive market will be opened for her meadow.
turer, for which no scarcity of returns need ever by
apprehended, and where no rivality can ever exist;
the products of these regions are of the first necessi-
ty in Europe; cocoa, indigo, cotton, tobacco, coffee.
drugs, the precious metals, and a variety of valuable
dye and other woods. British industry and capital
would soon render Venezuela an earthly patitdisee—
The soil is luzuriantly rich, and but a trilling por..
Lion of labour is required to produce en incredible
return. Hitherto the oppressive band of dempotisqa
has almost rendered of no avail the bounties of na-
ture. The climate is healthy throughout, with per-
haps two or three exceptions and New Granada,
and in the upper provinces of the Caraccas, an etere
nal Spring reigns ; and all the fruits of the temperate
as well as of the torrid zone, are to be found in over..
whelming abundance.
" The river Orinoco is of itself a wonder in nature.;
for, although many rivers are broader, no knosvca
Stream carries down such an immense body of water.
At Angostura, about four hundred mites from the
sea, it exceeds in the dry season above ninety fa.boass
in depth ; and twelve hundred mites further up it is
still navigable, and commands an easy and direct
communication with the fertile regions of Varit.al,
*Caroms, Carinare, New G•unide, the country of
the Amazons, and even to the vicinity of Quito. It
is connected with many other itameirse riv.,s, suck
as the Apure, Rio Negro, &c. For silt Lomat.% its
waters rise regularly, and for the other sia
Within the last ail weeks there has been an increase
of full forty feet, and when's. its height the Orinoco
will, like another Nile, overflew and fertilise all the
low lends.
" For the present all military operations are sall•
molded, the plains in the upper cou.itry are andet
water, and both affhle• have soffored much in the
many desperatescrion% fought illieCP the velour. of
Gus vans. The have Ins'
rnll 4t of their nes;
troops, and some of their most experienced Generals,
They hats retired to the monateies, where fur
•

-
• - -,.."- #IIIIIIMI,-
. . . .
, - • , T . ' , • .
..• _ .
4:-.'At•- • ..-.: -7 „,,,..
. , ..
* - .
• ' r'' /;:".' .. •-t .4:' " ...- : 1
• ' - • - '''- :-* ...,:,..; -P*"" • • -....‘ •
. - . ~.v.. t .1 . '..i, •
. . . ;•'"' tei!;:i..2!cj. . _
a.
. ..
...Lfestet,.k. k. Li
, . 1.. . ' • : .
. .•
ar • -,., • -
... .
. .. . .
• ' .
• .' " ' .
~.,,
,_
4
t ,-,... -2, ir -- , .
, .
C 1) - •
Coo villuo 3 3,7 n,
...... .... .i. , .
..
'f ---,... i i t: t ...,.., >. ~. .
i II, , . „,i r ... „0"- •
••-•' -
IA :01 . . ...,,,. I d
r , • , t
.. . .., #
1t5:a.......)k.... ..-.....'••
• NI/ ', • #llll,
,1 •I • .) • • . .. . . ' . • -' . .
••• . . %*
• r . ..
•. - ,
.
..r Al *_ • - 4 ' . . -
. .aa's - I 'I- • - r
_..i. - - - iiii- ...- __
_s
. --- . • - llte, -14 ....... -
41 SW . • LONDON,
316-NDA Y, gppnitinarit t 1818. '
. __• . t
_. !... ocp„wr. /
' f " • • ',.....--- ~t - f
-- _____
The Come for whisk Masers's' feU in Ike field, and Smits: died in the tenfold!"
-.
..1„,—..—; ....,—..—..—. -
..
EAST INDIA-HOUSE. 19th Aug NIL SOUTH 41MBRICA
• merceniuy assassins which your doverament throws of which thee/lA=los. see. Yon will observe that
THE COURT of DIRECTORS of Ike ---.0.-. on our coasts, with the foolish project of conso. it,Contains some importer derMents 4 and; in id•
lidatiog at the sante lime your slavery sod our's.— (titian, I have isthmus salisfablion in inariiitos you
UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG- BULLETIN. .
Threatened with the same evils, victims of the slime that at the moeth of the riser I fell in drith Admiral
LAND, treeing to the East Indies, do hereby give Notice. The brilliant action of Cogede, and the painful
oppression and of the same tyranny, why not unite Brion, In the Victory, formerly ibis Emerald; ota '
marches which the division of a Quarterly General Court of the said Company mill be
Gement! Paes,had ex.
at once—why not embrace, and be all free, and again ,his way op the Orinoco; with a pert of the aqua. i
held at their Moue in Leadenhait street, on Wednesday, the perienced previous to that day, compelled him to
roll ourselves brothers? Peace with Spain, and war drop soder his command, heeding. on board Ms
That
e3eSeptember sex!, it Mean o'Cluck in the Forenoon. move towards the Apure, for the purpose of re•or.
Kith her Government, is, our motto, and is the cry thciiind muskets and a large quaiitiox, agee,
JOSEPH DART, Secretary. ionizing and remonivtingshis cavalry, as the remains
which now resounds throughout America." . powder, and other military Storey. Ph occur.
.. EAGLE INSURANCE COMPANY. of the Spanish General Latorre's division was unable
....5.
VOTICE IS HEREBY GI VOMPANY.
EN. chit a G ENg- to make any inovemeot. A small corps of the Royal . tome of such vital moment to Ansericis Ahead.
L ERN TRON INIXICO, DATED 41:2D MAT LAW, AND potion has taken place for a length of tiokri, gig die
..I.N RAI. MEETINO of PROPR t ETO,II, of Tea 01 more Isla, which had pretreated trill lestet le.-Dintliast _.l
Hewes each, will tw h. Id at the Lond,,o Tavern, Bistitipseare- was surprised and cot to 'sleepily Col. &angel. witrerweclis-a:w sgsgtwegikst SPANIARD., sass TUN arrival of these eeppliee„ foe, lam Naladealtf.imistai
street, on Friday, the 2d dnr of October next. it I 2 o'Clock at , ToLLONING INTIMLINENbt :
Brieedier Morales, who had taken the command you, fobr thousand stand of arms were oat readout
Noon,far the purp ne of electing Emu Dirtet•,r”, and Twn it •I•
AlidOoll, in the rosins of the underwnentioned Geatleitien re- of Lieut.-Colonel Lopez's division, and segmented .he Revolution continues the same, or even in the whole CONNtry- WIWI Genera{ Batilrer COOP.
tiring. who are nevertheleki eligible to be re.elet ted, and for !
it with the forces which covered Villa de Cur% in- worse. In Bagio ibis Insurgents have considelbly minced his operations id December last, he hid not
ether wow" purseant 4is the Deed of sritirea,.o. increatirdeheir nembersby emigraiion from other tlarts. more than litoß is his possession, and now all ato
WILLIAM BEETHAM, Secretary. 'tided the plains of Celaboin, and advanced as far as
Marc-rots. Guayebst. On the 27th May the guard of honour Guaoaxsato is in danger of falling into their bands. tempts to procure other{. had failed ; frequently was
SWUM BIRCH, Esq. Aldermas. Poverty, which daily increases in that city.(foceserly he obliged to send away recruits, from the want et
JOHN DIXON. Esq. of General Paez received orders to attack him, which
PHILIP ?PARING, RN. they did with complete wee!' on the morning of the tootiorpGuloirevetr)n,mgeivnetshgareat facility to such MN event.e- meows wherewithal to arm tiseni. The difficulties bi
IMINJAMIN RANKIN, EA. Vfith, having surprised him in his camp. More than d assured us, that we should*. hag bad to combat woold have proved faisritioootabbit
AUDITORS.
JOHN BLAt KBURN„ Esq. 300 killed, many prisoners, with their arms and ceive ever e month a convoy from Gymnast:ate, as tea common mind; jeilouslei to overcoat", pride.
ROBERT HOLT, Esq. horses, were the fruits of this victory, and Morel's, well se tile mail (Correa) and frier *with§ hate dices to otercome, and with resources of the most
Illitonthill, Sept. 5, 1818. with the few who could escape, was obliged to remote low clenit'd without our having received either : for trivial Went at his command, and these vivo scat:, i
A NEW SATIRICAL WORK. as far as Sombrero, not having been able to „op at more than six weeks we have not had any lute& Weed over immense region.. Elvateeetellone is not
genre of What is doing there. The difficulty of pro. at all necessary to excite a feeling in f f tte A it
This day was pubilshed,•to be continued Monad,' price I%W Celebes°.
cacti Number. iri Sr.. iontnining Sir tr•foter Pagetinf Letter ceurif's
fquicksilve.r has become
_ extreme se for the car.
.patriotic efforts of that oppressed rind insulted lieiso
, ,
Press. Has. I. 11.4.14 111. of a New Satirical, Critical, and" In thkeneen time the division of Coeiena, ender
quintals, from Vera Cruz to this place, pie. rrom the best authotities,.l.cen toed f• r lee 1
Ilusaiiroas Miscellany. entitled the commend of General Bermudez, which had re. lege.° t•
THE NEW BON TON MAGAZINE; or, passed the Otiiloco on the Bth of At vii, to continue coo 80 dollar,. the dialanie being 80*Iesgees: to cat's of private interest, and devotion to the pew
.
Gusealuittn the price is double, the distance being weal, having been etinced In a manner *Stich *weld
Telescopeof the Times. his operations against that town, which he invested
Contents are 'partly as follows:-The Life of a Mae of 170 leagues. Many estates in the environs of this have done honour to the most renowned petriote of
on the 16th, while General Marino was acting with
Fashion—No waist •1 hew Churches, bat send Paranne—The capital have been burnt, which has closed us much any country. It has been generally er! in 800
Great Duke and the French Opera Glrl—llvils nowt Earth— his division on the coast, in order to prevent the
Confessions of a Methodist— ft.l Mitringisappointed enemy from receiving receiving succours through that channel. distrust. ins word, this kingdom does not present rope, and the idea hii been industriously circulated*
Low.-.ll,o*iiery of Slot k- LH...ker.—The Fudge Flintily— us with the least hope of pacification in any one part. that American independecce is sought and fneght foe
Fashionable Belies—Pillars ache Church—The R—t ~nd the General Bermudez ‘msde many observations on
What a pity ! that Spain should be about to lose the by those only who have nothing to lose and some-
Spanish Girl-The true—n in the City-Rowland 11-u'i the town, slid on the %2il, at night, made an st-
rewing Conventicle The Sultry Mineral ;tad Sanity Q---umost precious region on earth, for want of prudent, thing to gun by the exchange; hot be assured; the
tempt on the tete-du-post of the city, which caused .
-.French Galhintry-The Alderman's Prayer-Majest% a,.11 the yudicloue, and utiptejediced Chiefs : those we have, reverie is the case, for there is scarcely a' stave OW.
Tatar-Novel, " Prudig;nese!"—The Clarence R.,sol_Mait re. a considerable loss to those who defended it, and
visred-Gesery of the Germain: the Duke of C---e. threw the garrison into great cnneternatioe. On the unfortonately, have been precipitate, or too con• prietor in these countries who has not taken • fee
by marrying she Daughter. has the Lady Mother thrown into fident in themselves, and our Ministers in Ma. tided part against his oppresitors. Bolivar wee Mina
seeeserratn-flan Ton in the City, or, The Drunken Club— 18th General bilarino t,ad already taken the town of
arid have been led away by the erroneous in- self one of the richest proprietors in the Career's;
Club—
lithe Devil ornoopt the Lottery Office-keepers—A Character— Cerinco ; 250 men who formed the garrison were
The Prince sad the Bankers'. Wife- A General attempting 10 d
cut to pieces by the I I
yap-guar. mane, common eft by
elde over a Tempest in Cbanfer%-The Disapponnal City rat occasions this oufortunate Revolution might many of his associates, sacrificed every thing, aid .
IChights-The Gasping Table, &c. &e. Colonel Montes; 150 muskets and 40 prisoners, r
have been happily terminated, if the Goverment on all occasions, shared in the prliatiorni of hie .
erisinot for J. Johnston, Lteapsi .e. together with ammunition and other warlike stores,
No. IV. h jest putfishett, nod Nu. Y. will be pultli.hed is a had sited with wisdom, and instead of Inflexible meanest followers'.
.i.... _.. ..„,h,nished a.„l, a Plate or the .• stiminc* were token In the town. On the t-iih•the same di•
_i_t_., ~.,1 . . „,,„ a, c.tteilis with the etteintis severity, artifice, deceit, and a constant tana. " Never will the Spaniards be able to reconqdet
____ __. ._ .....—. sties Laws of Nations . Venezuela : theipirit against them is fell and &tariff:
