TILE STATMIAN.

been implored to force the briginds to repose, and
to asskt the true Rays!Jolly for the Brigands abuse
this nu -te,.which they will sender universally odious.
The itoreber of deaths is prodigious; we hare not
an evict /numeration.
liorrors of the same kind are continued in the
neighbouring toiling."

who have united to preserve the civilization of
Europe,' to smother the seeds of revolution, and
destroy the spirit of conquest," as the toast, so
strangely attributed to TALLETRATin (to TALLEY-
RAND the very Awing Ptid ',rummer of rc,volu-
tions!) styles the, Allies, will not find their object, if
this be it, in the annihilation of France. All the
troops they have in that country, and all the
reserves they have out of it, will not accomplish
this. " Nations never die." And is not Louts,
the Saint, one of these civilising Sovereigns? And
who are they to whoin this high title is applied ? Not
those who, in their resolution to "destroy' the
spirit of conquest," united to overrun Poland M ith
flame and sword, and gave au ever-memorable in-
stance of their desire to " stifle every where the germs
of revolution," by the violation of Saxony ; who have
said to the French people you shall have no Govern-
ment but that which you detest. The sword is a
bad cisilizer of mankind ; and ever since the days
llof ATTILA, who was not such a hypocrite as to say
he came to civilize the nations he overran, we cannot
think of civilizing mankind in this manner without
horror. As to the interference of power and am.
bitioa in the Government of a free and highly re-
lighted State, it is one of those presumptuous and un-
hallowed instances of political injustice which cannot
be inveighed against with too much force and mum.
tion. If in private communities, that man is suspected,
wbo presumes to interrupt the sweet concord of so-
ciety ; who sows dissension in a family distinguished
for amity and peace; who destroys the confidence
,of friends, the intercourse of neighbours, and tits-
; tunes that string by which the harmony of order
and the interchanrs and dependencies of life are
made to vibrate;--hnw mach more should we doubt
and execrate that wilful agency that tramples upon
every moral obligation, and reduces at once a whole
country to anarchy and despair.
If France is to be dismembered—if her territory
is to be dislocated—if she is to be plundered of her
fortresses—if her Iron Frontier is to be henceforth a
barrier to protect other nations—if. upon the
North and the East, she is to be left defeuceless
and open to invasion—if the sword of the Foreigner
is to give the law—if Requisitions are to continue
—if the consequences of War are to exist after the
stipulated condition of Pence has been fulfilled,
then adieu to till faith in the DI:CLARATIONS Cr
Princes—adieu to the principle upon which the
Independence of nations has been supposed to rest
—farewel the hope of any lengthened period of
tranquillity in Europe—that hope, if heretofore
cherished, must fade away ; for, under such a state
of things, the contest between French honour, or if
you will, French pride and French freedom nn one
side, and despotic power and a barharous policy en
the other, must at no very distant day he revitod;
and, es the renewed struggle would, indubitably, be,
productive of either the complete enfranchisement
the unqualified slavery of Continental Eurnpe,should
it be wondered at, that we dwell intensely on the
state of France, and upon the shamefully advocated
polity that would either consign her to a night of
darkness and suffering, or lay the foundation of an-
other war, not less sanguinary than the past—less
doubtful, perhaps, and more to be lamented in its
issue'.

A•• ,lAiiii„
1
0
O
O - .... . I laiobitrale .l
11
I
I

Doe

lOt wQ 1111*
P 101,4 • •
3 per rent. Red.. FA%) •
3 yet Vent. Cow 56
4 per f.ent 71
5 per treat. triwy

UAW AT ONK O'CLOCK.
Lag. Van. 14$ 9-46
4ndia Rood. b 8
, Kzebegnor Hill. 2 5 d
Onaiinn
Cessols for Act 5611

THE. STATESMAN.

LONDON :

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1815.

Our foreign arrivals to-day are extremely meagre.
We have none from France,—that land of strange
events and source of national agitations, to which
our thoughts and eyes have been accustomed to tend
so intensely that we can scarcely consider any
Ithing of importance that comes not from or relates not
to that quarter. The contents of the Paris Papers of
Saturday, and the Dutch and German Journals, on
which our morning cotemporaries animadvert, were
given by us yesterday. The only fresh articles that
have reached as this forenoon are some further ex-
tracts from that miscellaneous farrago which has been'
published under the title of BONAPARTE'S Portfolio,
and a few private letters from Correspondents at
Paris. The scraps under the former designation,
which our brother Journalists are retailing in the ab-
sence of more important matter, allowing they were
genuine, have not, in our view, a particle of in-
terest or historical value in them. Had they been
of the least valise to the parties to whom they be-
longed they would doubtless have been better taken
care of. The trash we have received te-day under the de..
seription of reports contained in this Portfolio to
the EMPEROR by Commanders and Authorities in
the South, employed in raising troops for the army,'
previous to the battles which decided the war against
NAPOLEON, only show that the supplies and the I
strength on which he had calculated were withheld
from him by the influence of the Priests and the No-
bles, who by means of the money which was se'
liberally dispersed among them by foreign Govern-
menti, and the aid of superstition and intrigue, suc-
ceeded in paralyzing the efforts of their own, and
mainly contributed to reduce France to the deplora-
ble duration in which she now is.

The Private Correspondence addressed to our-
selves, does not come down later than the date of
the public Journals—the 27th. The letters give a
representation of passing occurrences in France, very
different from the picture drawn in the Newspapers.
The latter have been almost filled with details relating
to the celebration of the fete of ST. Lours, and the
honours paid to the King and the Saint together.—
The former and more credible channels of informa.
lion state, that neither the Saint nor the King had
much reason to boast of the honour done them on
their anniversary. The scenes and the counte-
nances in rneral, which the forced illumina-
tion tended to exhibit, were not those which
used to give the features of heartfelt gaiety to the
Metropolis of France. In spite of all the secrcl
service money distributed, the Vices le Rol, and the
Vices le BOURBON were "but few and far between,"
and the groups and music, which are said to have
given such a loyal appearance to Paris upon this lac.
easion, are stated to have been far more or a military
cast than the description which the political Police
Reports of FOUCIIeII Press have stated them to be.
But this is of no consequence. The Jubilee is over,
and it were well for France, if her causes of
regret were over also. A capital illuminated, and
in a tumult of joy, for what ? And a nation in
the depth of sorrow and the darkness of mourning—
the contrast is one which France can only afford.
But the Treaty—the Treaty of Peace which was to
appear, and give additional reason for rejoicing—to
give glory to the King, and peace to the people—
what is become of it ? The French expected to have
seen the Treaty of Peace on Friday last, which was
to guarantee the independence of their country,
and fix the period of the retreat of the armies
who are weighing them down, and threatening
them with annihilation. They called for it in
vain: No one could give them a satisfactory
answer why it was not produced—why the word
of promise was still " kept to their ear and
broken to their hope." The expectation of such a
Treaty as has been spoken of grows fainter and
fainter every day. The feeling of disappointment is
consequently Increased, and dissatisfaction at the
measures of Government the natural consequence.—
Reports are therefore renewed of changes in the
French Ministry; but the changes which can ef.
fed a durable peace for Europe must, we suspect,
he on the other side. No Government can exist in
France which shall compromise the national inde-
pendence of that country, and the great interests
for which that enlightened people have struggled
with honour for ID many years. gi The Sovereigns

It will be seen by the extract we make from the
Bulletin of Nismes, that the descriptions hitherto
given of the outrages committed upon theTrotestaute
fall short of the reality, and that numbers of them
have fallen victims to a persecution, which rivals the
horrors of the dark ages of superstition, and is a
stain and a disgrace to that in which we live.
The following is the list of the Council of War
appointed to try Marshal NEY

The Duke of Cmnegliano (Mance)), Praidcw.

The Prince of Eys ( Dlostroa).

The Duke of C-ogliglioni (Augereau).

threw! Jourdar.

L;eni.-Ora Ma6on. Goveraor of Paris.
Gea.

Lino.-Geo. Clespare4e.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

PORVMOUTII, AUG. `_.9.—Arrived yestord„
flajo.sty's ship Chesapeake, from the Cope of G
Hope ; Marchioness of E,:y and !Vomit Foistlndi
men, from India, and have glow for the D iwt:3
~Pictuts, from Guernsey.—Sailod the Atmoir
Sophia, for the Eastwood, to he void .off the (4/ilk,.
for the Eastward.

PLYMOUTH, A cc. 28. Came in the
Brown, from NVilmi ogton ; Censor eon', of
front a cruize.—Sailed the Pheasant,
:

U.MOUTII. Ana. 27.—Arrired (he Duke rf g
par%Pt, from Lsbon, in eight day s,
Arrived this evening Capt. Morphow, of thext.t.,
packet, oith a Mail from the Leeward Island:, ii„.
ing landed it in Moura's Bay this morning, ow,
passage of 42 days frrm St. Thomas's. On the 13;k
inst. in a heavy gale, the Nocton carr:ril a)crry
mainmast and lost three me;) overboa:•ti, sad oflt7.

wise damaged.
II AR% I dlt, AUG. 29. Arrived the
packet, from Holland; and Leicater ',inlet, to,
Cuxhaven, with Mails.
Dt: L, AUG. 29.—Arrived and sailed f.t. the r
the Mai chioness of EIN and , ft m
the Aboukir and Bellerophon, from : I)mautd,
sailed for the River to he paid ell:

COURT (IF CHANCiiRY.
EX-PARTE NEM' 1M V. NEEnumw, Ex PIRTE 304r,p4
V. NEEDHAM, RX•PADTE KIN:tit:AK V N,Aii %N.

The CII A NCELLOR. text MA ter of (spa•te
Needham, and ex-pail.: Jo eph in the sem.. ILA.
ruptcy, I have to mention that I !tn•e ~
Petition of Needham, prayieg a Ce.tificate .att,
into the Petition opposing it. anti I do not
that the Chancellnr can say ha' he 00;M to matt h.
Certificate in ncch a case u;ton rieti!ion anis; t rl
conceive that it must undoubtedly depoild upo.t
view that I shall take (after a mature anti ileiihe
consideration of the whole vest.ons at isvu• Int
what ought to be done as to the Petition of Mr. K n.
near, which has been presented in the same Balk.
ruptcy, relative to Needham the Bankrupt. and KiA
the A'tornet, at Manchester, and whether I rat
grant the prayer of that Petition or not. If tits
matter, as stit d in that Petition of Kinnear, be wola
founded, then th- Bankrupt himself is as deeply
totted in the c-im.nality of the basinesi as any he.ly
else, yet I feel an anxiety not to suppose that, h e
case is substantiated by prcof, until by la p•ated et%
inclination of the circumstat ces my mind be fully
confirmed that it is so: and with reference to the
public. I will not part with this Petition until ferthie
eitamina inn, for a graver case than ti.at stated in this.
Petition of Kinnear never came before me. Ti •cir.
cumstances amount to nothing le-s than :that thy
II ttikrupt and Solicitors, together with persona whe
are no creditors upon this es'ate, combine to rear up
a fic itious debt of 12001. for the ;:urpose of littlthq
the (-finite of assignees. Justice calls upon ma .tat
t•, suffer any impotation to rest upon the prude:, u!,.
til further eaamituvion and enquiry ; but if
'or,' out that I nius! put the question into a roar o,f
examinitioti anti enfiuiry, either in a eritn'ai; or
cit•il Court, it is cleat that the Bankrupt• canna _•t
his C,rtifwate. Thore are circumitatieett i na
affidavits conaected with Kinnear's Netiriot•
are by no means so satibfactorily answered a. ICad
have wished.

Lord Citeßut; Lt. has not yet, it seems, se", fo
ti fiente to the SPEAK ca,of his efeva';on Per ••
age , • ill consequence of which the wri' ro eters .4
:Wernher for Oxfordshire reinaisis unissued. B.'S
the cindidates are, however, actively evntalsin;
county, and the contest will, its all printability, lw I
must severe one.
All line of batt!e ships on the peace Intv!
are to have six Lieutenants. 16 mates woe midship-
men, and a complement of 300 men, inc udia,
fii•eris ; and all ships of three dreks are to have all
addition of 50 men. In future, &India,' basis:
commands, will have the privilege of nantitset:ag
their First and Flag Lieutenants ; and Gaputiiis et
guard ships their First Lieuteirtot, only ; older*
will be selected by the Admit a!ty .
FlRE.—Monday morning, the ne;glihnerl.onfl
Castle-street, Westminster, was thrown i•it g
confusion by a fire which broke-out with much 'wy
at Mr. Bowen's, No. 7, ill that street, sal WWI
threatened the most alarming consequences in t' e'l'•
struction of Elliiit's great brew-house, &c. By
timely arrival of esiginesi,• and the astonishing effa•'•
PARIS, A co. ^3.—When Imam) TERE wag shot, of the firemen, and the brewer's men, the brow.lino4
he obtained leave to be without the bandage on his I was preserved almost untouched ; and the filmes SG •'
•
eyes, and to give the word to fire. He saw IL ; duet' after the destruction GI that one house,
cannot fear to die who have seen death in so many I some injury to others. No lives were lost, tra:
shapes; and I who have so often given the word to ! child was rescued b a most tours sous exertioe.—
French soldiers to fire, maybe permitted to do so' The fire broke ant s 1 the first floor of Na. 7. I
this once, and for the last time." He advanced with ! female having just prepared her husband's breakils'i
a firm step to the Veterans who were appointed to' but she went nut on some errand, locking the do'i
shock him, and when within four or five. paces, gavel and leaving a child in bed ; when the house a-I''"
the words—" Ready ! Present ! Fire r'—They ban", a fireman made his way to the room, kd
obeyed most steadily, and he fell dead in an instant. escaped unhurt with the child on his shoulders.
Count ILEGNAUD Sr. JEAN D'A NotLy, I We ate able to state, upon authority, that it r".
'lister of State to BONAPARTE, &c. has set off for the intention of the Sub-Committee of Dtur.f•lt'
Havre de Grace, accompanied by his son, to embark Ito make any alteration in the prices of admission
for the United States of America. lie had been con. lthat House.
fidentially informed that wisdom and prudence fen. Died, on the 15th instant, :sir. Wm..May,141141-r
tiered such a voyage necessary. of the Angel, et Clay-cross, Derbyshire. "1.
confirm . busily engaged attending,on his guests (it being :1!`
Letters from Poictiers, of a recent
ofatthees
mitilary
.feast
week)
the account of the infamous conduct and much company in his how;
towards the Duke and Duchess of ANGOVLEmt.— dropped down and instantly expired, being in liPtio-
The Duke behaved with the greatest courage on this
rent good health but a few minutes before.
occasion, and cut down, with his own Land,
two of r
Sunday aennight Mr. Susan, farmer', of Lidfeat
the men who attempted to remove the white flag 'Suffolk ; whilst. walking in apparent good health, h‘'
from the windows of his hotel. was met bya neighbour; who enquired how h•
Admiral Sir GCORGE COCKBURN is appointed
Go. .did ? To which illr. Swam answered, 66 I thank C
vernor of the island of St. Helene, on the cleatli or I never was. better." . No sooner had the riT:'
escaped his lips, than " its the twinkling of an e:!•,.. resignation of Niajor-General Sir Hensom Lowe.
Mademoiselle MARS, the celebrated French actress, he canght•hold of his friend, and sunk to the t' t; t.'
lately appeared at a Paris Theatre, dressed in the breathe no more.
first piece in red, in the second in white, and in the . Coitri-Excusteni, AUG. 30.—We le.tl no ft •1 third, in blue. 'Phis tut-coloured exhibition eras re- arrival, of nay Gralu to-aley ; •but the 11 It"'
ceived as an ingenious device for the HirirlassiirE was dull at Mentlay's pikes. Fine Oats se!. i•
colours, and was honrured by the anditucewith un- freely, but inferior Corn goes off slow It. In i•
bounded epp.sese„ ' • • -Beans, and other articles, there Is no aitetalieot
