R CWT.

p. fond. yel. 149 a
mottled . • P4 a--
- rurd -
- soft
ireh, 4lO Oa --
1211 price for Moary.
ndlei, Mould, .. ?Id s d
per dozeu 6
more

TALL, Pan. I*,
's as. bid. Ditto at White-
3s. aid. per at. of *Abs.

111 Lb.

-- -
a. crop, Wm
nths. 1 3h 1 64
ib a 601 b .. 1 4t a 1 74
sh, for dress 0 0
Skins ...... I 0 I
: g
6

and humane sense of
from the Injudicious treat-
)eted in a noanuer too welt
I often entailing on Wide-
ns. and almost instipports-
:tinily calls the attenthlo
most edeetual usoiend
ie ol the day. or the equally
nod time word of prom; in. to
' Dr. Eadv will not'pre-
ey description of ease, bet
medical And sursricol skill
.rtn;ii, speedy. and petal-
!.rt:ry sio.eies of Syph,tise.
i-en se?). the prlinaryi.lijeHS
▪ flattered by the tries-
panied his mode of HOP
Isborinus prertice.lN
4t cm.Ba pretension
torn:init. InsenseraNsiw
re of tete superiority of
ut found to provalli
)y public Institut:ons. sd
to tanse cortsolstory silvan-
by formate In reviving*,
eles of the hmeen ronstitle
timely arrested. freiseelld'
Pie of eslslenre. Fpoi
MO
lerility, by re-nolontiugibe
✓ticity to the rotas .torus
e toast positive assuraneos
may he rescued.; a 0101
It ril being only taire o•
d.--
No. SR. Detu.stet Aott
rry letters meet 'respl46l.olo
. • •
I -
Published at the 011ioe
GsserriltriscilfSseilag
*site St. Gleswerd s Iht". )
11*
. B.: to whose all
errunto
ested to be Wrestled
.1.:

#,FlMif VUESJME .111GMT1 (1011711.
PANKRUPTCv SVIPERSEDED.
T. }larks, Rochford, Essex, wine-merchant.
tNIIIMPTS.
C.:Phillip+ and W. Parsons. Ilrosieley, ironmasters, to
surreardrr, Feb.**, vS. March *7, at the Tontine Inn. Ma-
de'''. Attorneys, Mr. Dim Nouthamplon-buildings,
Chancery-lase, ; and Hr. Pritchard, jun. Broseley.
J-Burrell, &manses, cabinet-maker. Feb. 16, 27. March
27, tut Knripp's Hotel, Camborite. Comsat'. Attorneys.
Borlase, Camborne ; and Mr. Falcon, Fins-court,
TrOple.
Mort n. Compton Greenfield. Gloucestershire, W-
elly. Feb. Ili. 17, March 37. at the Bell Hotel. Gloucester.
Attorney s. Nir,srs. Clarke and Co., Little St. Thomas
Atostie ; and Mr. Boughton. Tewkesbory
'W. Hughes. Great Bolton. Lancashire. money-scrivener.
Feb 23, 24. March 27, at the Ship Inn, Great Bolton. At-
torneys.. Messrs. Perkins and Frampton, Gra) 's Inn; and
Mr. Jardine. Great Bolton.
W. Prebers. Fast Ankle). Yorkshire. farmer. Feb. 23.
26. Marrh 27, at the Sessions House, Wakelieh!. Attor-
fills. Mr. Lahr, Cateaton.street; and Mr. Beater, Wake-
field.
J. Filter, She-field. ironmonger. Frb. 24. 26. Menhir.
at the 7 ontine stir Meld. Attorneys. Messrs. Parker
ant Tr' on, Slotheld ; and Messrs. Magma. and Co. Sy-
-01 Intl's Ina.
J. Ds vies, Hereford, cabinet-maker. Feb. 17, N. Murk
V. at die Commercial Hotel Inn, Hereford. Attorneys.
Mr Clen‘e, Hereford and Messrs. Dax and Co. Guildford-
strret.
E. Howard and J. Gibbs. Cori-street, Burlingtnn-gar-
erns, nev seri% eneri. Feb. 20. 27, March 27, at Guild-
hall. Attorney. Mr. smith, Golden-square.
A. Poole, Illytion-square. airrrhant, Feb. 20. 27. March
t 7, at thri'dhali. Attorneys, Messrs. Niod and Cott/trill.
Throgasorton-strect.
T. lion kett. Eastham, Worcestershire. and C. Bowketi.
Lnston Bury, Herefordshire, farmers. March 6, 7. 27, at
Ste Relied Oak Inn. Teabury. Attorneys, Messrs. Welkin
tint Pedly. Lit cAnts Inn; and Mr. Russel, Ludlow, Sbrop-,
shire
B. Bailey. Nterion. Surrey. calico-printer, Feb. 94. 27.
March 27 at Attorney, Mr. Parton, Bow
Chnrcis-yar:d.
C Larsgharee, St. Mary Axe, merchant. Feb. 20.47.
Mirth 27, at Guildhat Attorney. Mr. He. odgsoo, Castle.
street. IVIDENGS.
Match 3, 11. Taw' Welk-lose-square, tea-dealer, at G slid-
hati—Frb. 17, P. Parkes. Altlerneanbury. wine-merchant. 4
et Guildhall—rels. 2U, F. Whitmore, jun. William Green.
Isreeer, at tin:ldliall—Feb. 17. C, Mackenzie, Caroline-
'tract. Bedford-square. merchant, at Gnildhalllklarch
J. ildraion. Marsh Side, Lower Edmonton. cattle-dealer,
at %HOW,— March 6, J. Wood. King-street, St. James's
spare. brereires-maker. at (Whitish —March 0, J.
Witte Lion-street. Norton-Falgate. coach-suaker, at Guild-
hall—Mr.:in Id. it. Blore. Crab en-place. Bayswater. stone-
mason, at tiniidliall—March 13. 6. Walker, Bull Who:f-
lat*, 149erbliitAr. hoop-bender. at Guildhall—Feb. 17. C.
Smoke ore, NI aacliestrr, u Gallen cord manufacturer—March
Debeli, ('ranbrook, Kent, brewer, at the George Ina.
I.7aahrot.l.—Mafel 6. J. Metcalfe and J. Jayes. Upper East
Vlabittifieltl. oilmen—March 6. J. C. Jardine. Sheffield.
esraper. at the Commercial Inn, Shaield—March 16, N. A.
Cowper. Barton fiendish. Norfolk. miller, at the King's
Arms ii.n. East Del-them. Norfolk—hien+ 7. T. Coburn.
Witnei. Oxiordshire, woolstapler, at the Kiwi, Arms.
llolywell. ON ford—Feb. 17, J. Prebble. jun. Bow, miller—
Mardi 0. T. Thompson, Hambleton, Lancashire. tanner, at
the W lute Horse lan, Preston.

CORN EICIANGE, Fee. 14.—The Wheat trade was very
heavy thiu mornioir. and but few sales were made. A con-
siderable quant;ty of Monday's supply remained over for
this day'. market, the quality of which being very inferior.
no ofers %sere made for it ; but prime samples support
Monday's prices. Fiur malting Barley being scare., sold
oa full as good terms as ou Monday, but there is little or no
&teasel for the ordinary samples. in Beans, Peas, and
Oats there is no alteration. Flour, it should seem, is in
future to female stationary, for altbeightbs
bas lowered considerably for many weeks fII raer°"•'.'
yet to alteration has taken place in the prise of the former

the .
country. There was one pakicolar eircumstince cots-
oeeted with that subject which he wished to conameni-
' Cate to the House. At the Cap* of Good Were. when
Mr. (Gordon von Governor of that Colorte, ho.reesixed,
a salary of ?OWL per assess, anti with the be ersql
*ambled to uphold the dignity suitable to his °Ace. Bat
now the Governor received i-1,0001. The whole of oat
Menial system of expeeditnre was carried on upon the
same principle : consequently. how was it possible hat
that the country must he in distress. The Petitlemers
also prayed for the restoration of the Queen's same to
the Liturgy. Although her Majesty was acknowledged
'to be inammat,•she was bone fide In a state of execrate
asaolaitaion, swing to her name having been excluded.
Per. In ail foreign Catholic countries, it would be omit-
decal as nothing that she possessed her rights est:bees;
If the was sot preyed for in the public service of die
;Cifarebi she Mould be held to be to all intents andgiles
pees 'Remain nieated.
'Sir R. IPIIR6USON said, that with respect to the elm
Lary of the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, be mail
ley, from being acquainted witb.the colony, that it IMO
an instance of the most wasteful expenditure, sad slivied
no other purpose than to increase the patronage of the
Minister of the day. The late Civil and Militare Om
vernor, soli' knowledge, wrote home to say, that i3OSSL
was a salary quite adequate to the Otte. He SSW
nothing which was to change its value between that
time and the present—The Petition was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. S. WIIITBREAD presented a Petition from doe
inhabitants of St. Anne's, Limehouse, condemning what
they considered the apparent determination of Ministers
to continue the exclusion of her Majesty's name from
the Liturgy.
Also similar Petitions from the Town of Bromley,
sod from the Parish of St. Lake.—Ordered to fie
printed.
Mr. C. CAINERT presented a Petition from the Ves-
trymen of St. John, Southwark, to !bestw effect. The
Petitioners coosplaisesl, that after a lon sad .• -,
war, there appeared to be no prospect of dimtnnti. a
our expenditore,or of extension in our commerce. They
considered the conduct of his Majesty's Ministers, is
their proceedings against the Queen, to be calculated to
enslave the country, and to bring the Royal Family
into contempt. 'l'h.ev also prayed for Reform in Perlis-
meat, and an extension of the elective franchise.
Sir R. WILSON bore testimony to the respectable
character of the Petitioners. With respect to that part
of the Petition which conveyed ere-ore upon Ministers,
he for one was prepared to say. that if they would con-
cede the point of the restoration of lscr Majesty's name
to the Liturgy, he should consider that as an act of
amnesty, and be inclined to hohl out the olive branch.—
The Petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a Petition from the Bo-
rough of Eye praying for the restoration of her Ma-
jesty s name to the Limey.
Mr. HUME gave notice, that on Friday next he should
',hove for the Ordinance Estimates. Also, that on Wed-
nesday, the 4lst, he should muse for returns of the Re-'
1 venue and expenditure of the lonian Isles. Ile presented
a petition for the restoration of the Queen's name to the
Liturgy, from certain Weavers. Inhabitants of Edin-
burgh.
Mr. BERNAI. presented a petition from the City of
Lincoln, which bad been sinned, he said, by lON per-
sons in three days. It prayed for the restoration of her
Majesty's name to the Liturgy, and for a Reform in Par-
liament. He could answer for its being couched in pro-
per and respectful language towards that House and the
Government, although,undouloeilly, it was expressed in
strong and nervous terms. He entirely concurred with
every sentiment it contained.
Colonel SI BTHORPE did not rise to oppose the pe-
tition. but on the contrary to concur with the Honour.
able Member in *fishing that it should receive the atten-
tion of the House. It might be deemed somewhat ex-
traordinary that it had not been presented by one of the
31einlbers who represented the city from whence it cause.
It had in fact been put into the hands of himself and his
lion. COnLTP. With a request that they would not only
present it, at support both the objects for which h
prayed. They but refused, because Ills Hon. Friend did
sot agree in opinion with the petitioners in.oine
tohf their
cooitthits, and
elriethese (Col. )
thought
iteimnoorne
eiSry. nniwsht oancyes Itheervetthwoul
to the advantage bf those who had signed the petition,
that they should have it presented by some Hon. Mem-
ber who agreed with its sentiments, and would support
it with that inclination and talent which hail been dis-
played by his Hon. Friend opposite. It was nut-his de-
sire, at any time, to evade the ditties which attached to
the situation he h•id the honour to hold ; but he never
would consider himself pledged by that situation to sop-
port opinions contrary to what lie, in his conscience,
believed to be true. As be had never seen either the il-
legality or the inexpediency of leaving the Queen's name
out of the Liturgy, he could not be expected to support
the petition which prayed fur its insertion.
Mr. SMITH repeated the reasons assigned by the last
speaker for not presenting this Petition. He bad Ilia-
self refused because he could not go the whole length of
the Petitioners. Respecting her Majesty's name, be
declare/ as a lawyer, that from the utmost examination
which he had been enabled to give to the statute, he
never could agree that it allowed the right of excluding
it. He condemned that part of the Petition which
spoke of Reform; sad he thought that question too
often mixed with her Majesty's case. Indeed it would
be one of the worst effects of the late lamentable pro-
ceedings, that it would entourage the agitation of those
wild schemes, sad a degree of taste or them, which
could not fail to distract the country. He knew that
there were hundreds who had signed the petition, in
whose hearts the uppermost feeling was respect for
Royalty. The late proceedings bad tended to destroy
such feelings altogether, which he considered every

at any hostile .sperations having
asenced against that State ?
Lord CASTLEREAGH replied across the table In
so low %%Ole of voice, as not to be clearly intelligible
in the Gallery. His Lordship was understood to say,
that the Governmeut was not in possession of any in-
formation •f the nature alluded to by the lion. Mem-
ber. And that as soon as any communications upon
that subject were received, they would be laid be-
fore Parliament.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH said, that in conse-
quence of the question which had been put to the
Noble Lord, and the answer it bad elicited, and of the
trill-NI state in which this country stood with respect
Si Naples, he should now postpone his motion for
Pipes relatire to the .unprovoked and nurighteons
salleseprist *beat to be commenced against that nation,
from Thursday next, to to-morrow se'nnight.
Sir IL WILSON presented a Petition from the
'Borough of Southwark, praying for the restoration of
her Majdsty's name to the Liturgy. Ile was aware
that some Hon. Members had resisted that measure for
which petitioners prayed, under the impression that
if the 4/seen attained this object. other demands and
ether encroachments would follow. Those who en-
'ftetaised sash feelings, did her Majesty much wrong.
They did not !mow her feelings towards the Rift,
and the sense of duty by which she is actuated ; and
he believed be coald safely say for Isium,ll and his
Hon. Friesids around bits, that they would not support
any other demand whatsoever.--Ordered to be printed.
Dr. lAISHINUTON presented a Petition from Ten
Clergymen of the Established Church, praying for the
resturatioa of her Majesty's name to the Liturgy. The
Petitioners stated that where received Orders, they
*me I • opesee.•
ed and regalated all ecclesiastics ma ers, an that the
ecclesiastical power of the l'rown was limited within its
provisions. He (Or. 1.) agreed with them that the ec-
clesiastical power of the Crown was limited, so that it
could not touch an iota of the common prayer, further
than was ordered and provided by that 'statute. if the
Tri4vettlitif ilteration were admitted, it would be kapoe..
giblet tossay where it 010111411)e put a stop to. . In the
reigaef his late Majesty there was nothing to be feared
from it; neither, he Loped, had they any resooa to fear
under Use present Sovereign. Hat who conkd tell, as
James the Second had endeavoured to oterthrow the
Protestant Religion, and to establish Poperi, that the
nation ',night not at some very distant pertoti be govern-
ed by a -Monarch who bad spent his youth in de-
bauchery and dissipation, and was surrounded by a
canting, methodistical set, who might wish to overfbrow
the established church, awl to introduce those canting
usethodistical•doctrines which were worse than all the
doctrines of popery put together. The petitioners went
on to state, that the exclusion of her Majesty's name,
hail canted the greatest dissention in theChnrches within
their own immediate charge. Now he knew from his
own knowledge, that in different parts of the country
malty people had abstained from going to Church on
that account. He thought that nn measnre was more cal-
culated to create &signiori in the PAtshlished Chur.l of the
kingdom, to injnre its religion, and to create seceders from'
hoth, than that of which the whole country was new
complaining.
The Petition was then read. It expressed the re-
Fret of the Petitioners at the omission of her hlajes-1
ty's name in the Liturgy ; and stated, that akhebgli
the Petitions did nut aspire to the skill of Impound-
ing Acts of Parliament upon legal niceties, they yet
conceived that the exclusion of her Majesty's name
was illegal. They regretted, that from their religions
situation they were compelled to he the means of
giving publicity to this attack upon the feelings of
that illtattrions periunage ; and alter disclaiming. all
desire to enter into questions upon civil polity,
they preyed that her Majesty's name might be re-
Morel •
On the question being put from the Chair, " that-
this Petition do lie on the table,"
Mr. LOCKART rose and observed. that when this
question wax first debated, he conceived, as he stilt
conceived; that this question depended upon the plain
words of an Act of Parliament ; and he did not ex-
pect to find the question met by the subtlety of the
Attorney and Sulicitoi-tieneral. Referring to the
Statutes so much discussed, the Hon. and Learned
Member stated, that be conceived that Statnte be
oirectury, nay more than directory, be conceived it to
be mandatory. (Hear, bear.) If, however, it were con-•
tended, that it was a Statute giving a discretionary
power on so important a subject, Cleo he ceneelvet le'
to be a Statute highly penal; and therefore, like iR
sal Statures, it twist be construed vAth the
IslaW
strictness against the persons on whom it `iris
eicised.—(Hear, hear.) In such ra case, the
of her Majesty's name became angloens to the jade
went of a Court of law ; to that spedies of jedg.
went in tho"n.Courts which removed the object of it
from the pale of all honourable society. If this were'"
to be considered the nature of the Statute in goes-
lion, it was the duty of the House to watch the ex:
en-ism of sitch a Statute with the utmost vigilance;,
and to be satisfied that the Statute was, in its eases-.
tionotederateed precisely as it would be oosletstood
by every limiest assn.—The Honourable untLesafted
Member pteeeedtd at tome length to examine the quit-

useersmostir. nom sew 5w.....--- ___ --
his dock in consegnmme of the disposition he had sbewa
*guise the (lateen.
Mr. Alllt'flN, of Galway, considered the observa-
tions of the lion. and 'foamed Member upon the sobject
Of Reform at totally irrelevant :o the question; and with
respect to his olnervatious upon Ministers, lie (Mr. M.
thoeghf the lion. and Learned Member woutit take a
mdre Manly part if he were to state the particular in-
stance of which he complained, in preference to dealing
iu general asserting. Unless he were to do so, his vera-
city might probably he called into question.—(Order,
order.?--fib no nothing disorderly in his observation,
which he Wonld repeat :.—" I certainly think," said the
Hon. Mittilier, " that the lion. and Learned Gentleman
will iming his veracity into question."—(Order, Order.)
" His veracity."--(Lonehter.)—Certain(y that which is
net tree, ib AO verified. —(Laugter,and repeated calls
of Order 4
The WEARER interposed, and cloerved, that althhbgb
he imil not•costsidered the original observation of the
Mon. Member as disorderly, he thought the explanatiob
higislyso.--(A laugh.)
Mr. MARTIN resumed, and stating his readineslt al-
ways to how . with deference to the Chair, said,. he
d to offer bis most lineable and most penitentiai
ibitXy.—(Latightee.)—The Honorable Member f re-
ferred shindy to the observation of the Honourtikle
Member for Oxford, but was nearly inaudible from
the noise.
The Petitloci was then brought ep and read. It 'Was
thee ordered that the Petition &Quid lie on the table sod
be psintetk •
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented .a Petition from44e
Lord Mayor obit the City of Loudon. .He (Altierrilim
Wood) stated, that the Petition complained of thieriel-
duet of the Milan Cualaiibbioller.. sod prayed that die
lanceted Maine might .be restored to the Liturgy. - Ile
trusted that neither the Noble Lord opposite, lieu the
Hon, Member for !hirer,' (Mr. IL Siisoner,) iatfr the /lie.
Member for Stileeset (Sir I'. Lethbridge.) would cluirgp
the body thirt•preeentod this petition with having beep
paid for their sivataers. , ...
• . Mr, T. WILM.V state( that...at-one of the Reptesete-
tattivestlf the rill Of London, he was sorry to iii for iti
,_lpittion frail lb ilmisettahle a body of his constitnenti.
. .
The petition 'was .cillfiloly .Rot what was was called'
tifilk-and-water.—(A leigh.)—lt•emoutined the send►
meats and language of men whom he rnpected, sad
those sentiments and that laegaise appeared holdlyend
manfully. The petitioners imputed disgraceful, ant,
indeed infamous conduct. to his Majesty's Ministers ; ton- •
duct which, if he believed them capable ; ..001d ---
rent him sitting in the;it company. Mil
they had acted conscientiously, sad be
not agree in opinion with the petitioners.
'the quistiowof the Liturgy, be could f
`load attended to all tile #rs'ltoofits which
.with great ability by seutlemest ea the
r* from hiliOWO 01,11P0b..g front woe
went away .ottgoorineed, although he
.7cOrleiction. The Httn. Meinbte alluded to
ilinswers to the'Aticlreeiws, her Letter to '
,her Mest 111 that ,11,9612 a. whicp be-
Inpolci mod tongue, but
insuith is beset. ..
.. • .
:he Ormoh ini Obeli. „After a few words Rota' 1119:
DeßNAG.bropettlikoNakt, Hind ordered to be piintrtl. '
Mr. Altfermktf Wl%lllltLen Presented another pelet
'from the 141tondog Owes of London, signed by a -
lon of the Mae. 61 (last, as. *sir Cliairnihn • odiltia
,`petition wait atiollesioStit up, read, and orderid N VD
printed. - • • .
•e . ,
Sir GliloßtitiontNscO presented s petition :4*
ic wos Of Mit*kinp_wki, 'WI he stated We tql fto
to represent. Tbe. petitioP. 'llse gin.
~ t
• wed, Wm prom"- led .jo eopeputinee
.4 r., 'ter-
Minationef Moieties not ni ;cc v PkOlr'wis ig o(jila
tiro*. The MAI; Aeathpz ttur .40* v p.."*l /*a

: • 7

I
•

-

: a

• ! .'..'. a!• $: cK: •

,t of it, would pre-
But he thought
e therefore cuu
erg. Herpes-flit
only say that
b4d been ur
e other side; tit
otos dtbcr cao
he Wl% Tea
to her Males
to the King,4l
le was conii
"hewed there wits

age wbicb
Member,
yeti*
she was
to the:
served:
clipaiest wf per
ritt ; attd
eeithi
11410:ea,P,
MU reined

POI 'a
posted
AAN

tx.
nn
sit.
Be Beiklhii
iv that the
tUatreased It
the restoratio,

• 'Psi% .
BORN'
ot jai
• tit At f
St. A,
tested,
**entaiace
TOUR
tniOthi
tar ht
- impotst
• that
rich*.
• houses.
H"t Hoare
Moine

life of
Lnnr
the
King
Tent
Tax-
peel
hug!
assul
log
of persons
their

ever,
which,
servo
wag
then ,
;would
mob!
weer]
Lord
• to evpi
Queen
• paisif
ohe
• ting
' time
been
sity
i▪
gtoul
Man'
rises
igh,
than
for a
agais
verted
served
blltl
Mont
• Non,

, f;;;!
tert.

and
• 4'
amend)
gout'
the .
vrry
• • io
Ile
aim
the!
• tiol

•athi
tbal

ealte
Lad
vise
his
• Mg ;
t►tgrii

to
occasii
•PPly
'ltefor

'than
ant
arnt
hear

ti
lie

trail
tft
taxi
'Reel
tens
et
rati

Itpokt
.0er:oil

Jullected
'don
•lir•
/le u.
tin NI
people
• tala
YIP
Fmk Rt,
n GOA
•.10#11en
Tid ipt*ea 11
it oftitsit:i,

;


a• a '
•
. . I , :- . T.- li P 'lO •
. _ . ~ _. i...,%•..
•-•- • •
--
. 7 i -1411:'.se deelaretllat they did not believe the tok-1114 iiiim'ichis :Act. 'lll.lllll.
- -
.____
- -•- ' J
Oast Ms Aims 'to the recostunoidturytbh. beard with
"enistmlwaanhiloischyviwv7.l(lent-tkilitt 11.
6 '66'
erhich he said had sweet powerfal influence oti.thetw e‘d ''t 4b sh atol „it impressient bet '.014. ~ • •.. B AM presented aP• • •
ibers of the Court in which ber3l als eat was triedtand .••s: - • . fatliyhalhaaed, that the ilapftelsefon libb
.... Hee y. Clergy, and F
Lireitoryig,orairekor the rest..4.o.looration of te....... oent at the bar of eh
2 such aCourt was sheacquitted; and after acquittal if acted upon to the lug extent, would 'bring thikse *tiono.....se great as ..an
„aim.
are rid
lei the onaisfy 0.1 itiemeas-Witod to. They had only to Ilse their eves od ,Y,,x
vas thought worthy of penishtnent, With reference Nnltiewootwitry te tile brink of d . ...,..........., .•eented. He feared that to Gentlemen
elmerved the Mr. R. ()RANT presented • a eiddlit *fefliiiiifitnn dug this, nothing he could say would charoblesela•rdet to hear the Royal
e question of the Liturgy, the Hon. Member ob. e was coneinced of the fact, front h •
It. a 'the King was marri
Id, that he thought ise man could,. say the ex- career whici the. Noble Lord had tth:trolt.---.. to else* that this w
ofitialtheea intensehfarraaefeliiiLngbpetitlashretaaasa.ll
Mik • as a cats marked with every thing ruktionseto the. interests and panted.
Tim tritßov, pal theca* in framinz the ciao
be thought. rights o is Halite country. ; .
ell a9fernrolinsteissilligieni intelligent itliers,"l. fb"a career which he wanted
never before been b. -.-tio Royal Progeny. N
Ur. I. SMITH, lb tieing,
.purswant to notices to-sub-
iamount such as bad tion from the time o
i OILY kniiniatrtio• was lief. a right. Her Majesty words to desefibe in propertion to the horror with aatahat
tibaa: ihniiedeleds"ni:
16_7
„ peramwatm.
,rat lithe. had Items
Psi" milliselk so
biliSes
her
honor
f.r.
11-bribe-a
which
ha
sifisd°4l It.
• The
Right
Hen.
lismileksai down. , lislhadlLswthe hti°oniseourbetgog;leseSontrea°lPilemititlot tiol"sithemill,
•as nobly repotted uit "V lasoOr offered--Wear, loudly cheered for some minutes after be bad spect to the Consort
.HFith reepia to (Witty Xeetings, which bad Lord CASTLEREAGH hoped that he should ha fa, since, from every larfie and impcirtant body, imploring eccasiod,•ind the coorams
_pniyee of all was, - to give the benefit
that Hoqse to adopt, in their wisdom, such measures, as eattente,, 4
ceded a farm he muff ispedenithat the lillibitters soured with the indulgence of the Monte Wirier made ready been most sat
. t the rAy• Re .'
the should -he the meant of restorlng•the ciunetylo that via. an-a-auf thew mon witnessed ., Legrnell 3leaiber
* right 'to sail them to; for, those Melting' ap- few ob er ad
a - -a-- v--. 115 irk reply to the "fry 'ePeeth ef--- t 11' t • it had so lon been a stranger to. own. her maple
ad tome sot the Joist iniluebee upon their conduct. Right Hon. Baronet. itch as he respect
.ed, the Bight ranqui i which
he That Petition epoite his own sentiments; sod be acted in
bar a few words from Mr. Mmilittir, jun. in support lion. Baronet still he was free to confess that day ber erer to hare witnessed soy thing which meek the First was divo
to Petition, it was brought up, read, and ordered to should not break his heart in consequence of any unf,. Moo 1 n with them. 'The motion he was about to brin •de • •
It deep alt netpression on his mind. The cou throne, and he ho
k bet. forward related to the restoration of the Quell's nameWen*
a the table, end to be printed. . -mumble opinion which even so respectable a em Andes which be saw collected together on thee, that night's debate,
r. C.DUNDAS presented a petition from a place of Psriiainent shook! esteem:
•8 of his (Lord 'C.'s) pule. to the Liturgy. In coming. forward on this occasion he en do wet lia Were in a mate f WO% was'any troth in Gs
•r Isiswilt towards those Pet' • rf" 'had ° perfect *IA
•
'orkehire, the name of which we did not hear, pray- lie conduct. As to the question of the rumour, whether •was performing a part o y I- repoee. By some means they notice an lot a„.' thickets of Kendal,
that the House would take Into consideration the it should prove degrading to his memory or last, be 'tioners, to oboe that tranquillity they prayed for was termuit and disorder would-be onfaturable toile ' handed His w
wen more important, perhaps, than to any other body in the r
of the Queen, end sue* was their att heirs of Germany w
'essed state of the country; and endeavour to cause should leave it to posterity to decide, though dou
kingdom ; and these, he solemnly. asserted, were his cause, that theteepressed all ti feelings 4. ' Privy Council, he
test Honourable Baronet would
restoration of her Majesty's name to the Liturgy. the criticism of thr It. . . - only motives for bringing forward this motion. Ile wasof the blanks left i
elie invariable e.ueotnitants of all crowded um&
hie Petition was ordered as before. have great inductee on the decision •of after ages.
f des'irous to avoid every other topic • than that to whith of Unitotinity, to
hinges. He then thought, that if such could be 161-'r
1t..808H IUSE presented three Petitions for an
Ho regretted exceedingly that the impatient temper o
- h -ed h• into a his motion directly referred. It was his date to express a t tele end Privy Count:
duct of the people of this country, there was se ler
et similar to that of the preceding Petitions. '. . limn
ehe the %be Hon. Baronet frequently urn tut his opinions ea 'recent transactions,. sad be shoeld ho- they coull not attain.' Their Petitions Bowed into tie Amu as they pl
Pettuun was from thelishabitanti of the Parish of- ear. war .an alaugh.}
of f (li I ' d ---
total o acts. ,neatly do so. lie begged to call the attention of the 'noose front all quarters, even front those which had sp.; . prejudice, bet were
Andrew, Holborn. This Petition the Hon. Member In coesennerwe of this unfortunate circunistaue, no
that House to that period of the last year when the
occasions, exhibited himself to before interfered with polities,- He was then • - blanks as fitted to
pd, Would not have been presented, hut for the rite
manH urn some
little regard to senatorial diraitv which Ministers of the Crown advised his Majesty to omit the a
that Gentlemen on the other side could imagiustinet fuge to say that t
eta •of what is called a Lout Address having ouse with so i ' Queen', name from the Liturgy.-(Hear, hear.)-Ile people of this reentry were not excited on this et*
e
s got up at a meeting which was stated to ille name- was the more to be regretted, as the Rig tZion. Ila-
had endeavoured on mane occasions to collect from thes en ' Pram for the Roy
roast usually discharged his duty as a Mensber of the Coto a greater majority than had ever before betel teeerst
i and respectable. He thought that the Ministers . , ..
~ peseta went to sh
ed avowal of Gentlemen on the oilier side Of the House, He had heard from some. that shhnutii
they had
ht Jo be informed of the trite stateofpnblie opinion: 'souse wtte yery great _ e
at credit to himself. appear
had de&4l lin i„. aid particularly from the Noble Lord (Lord cue ley .. 'stayed for by na
i-ree,alo mined great number, took part is the ieterast on lb
be really believed that, from their late coodurt it was to bum that the Right Hon. Baronet .__ „ . what were the motives which 'educed his Majesty alio- point t
distinctly p • h
ossible 'for them to have been fully iseatioo from certain books upon which -the eatnmete
acquainted with fit .. .•• venimeat to adt.pt that determination; but he questioti, yet they were not of a respectable ilescriptk .
tei tatters of Ireland had employeti deer preciotis lithe. He . _ been never but only of those who were adverse to the tiontraseii non-compliance of
lopinion. The fact was, that with r mence to rile . _ . ,
,however, the had able to comprehend their precise reasons far
that the serape-(a laugh)--tehich and desirous of changes which the coutitry roe ti; this usage, was in
sb in question, out of wparisli containing 7or SOOO n.,0.170_.. this. So murk bad been said as to the unfitirness and
ses. only 123 signature" were procured to that Loyal ment Hon. .
Baronet had got into toosight would be a larger part of that House deprecated and ebb people a t large.
cruelty of this step, under the peculiar circumstances of "IL It
was said also that all the meetings which hit akea on their
tress in the first instance; and he would give the salutary warning tohim infuture.
' He (Lord Castle-
the case and was so well known and admitted by all
tie a specimen of the professions and situations in reagli) had not been in office for five years after he ,•, „
that he should not urge any thing in support of that
• place throughout the conntry were enitmemoarendi that this act was t
of some of these 123.-There was she Secretary of ort P .eliamentary Reform. lie -bad not ,
ceased to supp . ..
..
.., _ judgment.• Although there was much difference of iediriduals; and Gentlemen on his side of the lour It prdeeeded from
iatics-(A laugh.)-the father of• the Secretary of tome into offiee till late in the year leis,. Ile left it to mienop both in and out of that House on many points w-re charged with. having no other vi•ev in atlTOrgOg interests of the co
this matter than pet sone! emolument, and the mess mu.
Master of the Rolls, the Solicitor of Stamps, athe ifnot the brit answer he could
House to say this was
.connected with that subject, he solemnly protested that and for all judicial
which d been made b
rg's Counsel, the Chief Commissioner of the instal- give to the false representation 'ay isle motives. Ile might remind those who e ,
he bad never met with more than one person who ip. tin consider what co
se sentiments, that there were but a small nooks., '
t Debtors' Court, the Secretary'of Fees, six or seven the Right lion. Baronet. proved of the measure. It would appear the wore ex- that side of the House who could derive any breeetten anfferlege which t
egathererv, the Landlord of the boner at which the Mr. MARTIN (of tialway)•said a few words in yin- unordinary and incomprehensible, when the House re- what they were charge.d witis aroicipatino
. Threes", unjustly indicted.
Ring was held, a Cashier of the Bank-(Continued dication of the conduct of tile Noble Lonl. • collected. that if there was any thing is which 31inister. many who, like himself, mast remain in that ' • - fusing to restore t
eliter.)--Gentlemen might laugh ; but he could SirJOHN NEWPORT explained. He hail said, and it had explicitly explained their motives for their conduct, of station which theyat present held. There elm it would be a pertina
ore them, that the inhabitants of a parish contain- would he in the recollection of the Hasse, that from the it was In avoivierr their decided wish that her .t '.sty ,heed, a small number who might benefit in the
40,000, thought it no laughing matter for a hotly hour the Noble Lord had connected himeelf with office, should live abroad. Ile (II r. Snii tli) nevrr complained ; sure to themselves
„ ..11sded to, and glad he was that there were some
prawn to meet in secret and attesnpt to disseminate he had quitted the popular aide-(Clieers)-though lie of h
them fur this. lie would have rejoiced if her l&I • Inte. gradation to, the di
men on that side who were ready and willing tetfea,
ir own opinion as that of the parish at large. How- did .... not mean to soy he was a placetuan at the tiute. But jests- bad remained abroad, as all those disturbances tire, as he should think that country in a bad state if nem ' proach the Throne
r, the Loyal Gentlemen afterwards gave a dinner, at the Noble lord said that lie changed hie opinions on which' had of late agitated the nation would have been
ich, of course, several Clergymen attended. In con- Parliamentary Reform when the elective franchise was spared. But how had it happened, that with this anxious trot so. No man in the kingdom was more attached eat - King bad no duo
uence of this Loyal address a large. public meeting, extended to ibe Catholics, that was to the great mass desire, Government bail adopted the only measure which tie was to the patty_ with which he then sat, lie se et. - the °militia. never
I held by advertisement; and the Petition which he of the people of Ireland. here was the only . reason could make it impossible for their wishes to he complied 44), bet ause he could not forget their conduct, asdAhe -••• would not be eras
n held iu his hand was agreed to; and its language u•liieli the Noble Lord could adduce fur his. subseipient with.-(Hear.) He had beard, and lie believed from great things they had done in former times, adrecaOst it would not, be a
old do honour to Met of any Member of that As. hostility to Parliamentary Reform; and he would leave the Noble Lord opposite himself, that they had adopted those crest princiitles which alone could give lens by what rhetoric,
ably. Here, he trusted, it would not be thought ills- :
it to the House to say., what sort of reason it was. Batt this measure from the continuance of Itillit.UrS whit' nets to mankind. They had endeavoured to do ten Ms Majesty's Min
that detestable bigotry which never wrought am pi,
rely in him to refer to an expression of the Noble then the Noble Lordwould have the House to suppose travellers brought from foreign countries. Ile (air. S. a I.i which had caused so mach bloodshed. Th'ry Isa • the omission ? T
11 opposite on a previous eight. That Noble Lord, that his first support of Reform was called for by the had heard rui 1111 l ire in I. _ with other., heel, a.
!xplaln the conduct of Foreign Ambassadors to the corrupt state of the Irish House of Commons. by
Paris and iu Loudon : but he begged the House particu- heir places but they never would lose the admitaties ' Wont, and malign
of all friends to liberty.-(Hear, bear !)-With respect Ile thought it oug
ten while she was abroad, bad stated, that it was im- was the fact ? It was this, and it could not be disputed, tarty to remark, that nut one of those which he hail t., 'the public
meetings in the country, to which vileness link even a tent;
Bible for the representative of his Majesty to sit on that no man living went greater lengths than the Noble heard bad been made i, aster of accusation against her ,ad often been wade, he was convinced"
they spoke the church ; and it wa
side ofthe Queen, while a certain individaal was sit- Lord, to render the Parliament of Ireland venal, corrupt. Majesty. he was joistitied, therefore, in the inference
roo the other.- It should be recollected, that at the and degraded.-(Cheering.) that they were totally false. He might here remark. sentiments of the great majority of the nation; deg of the present disc
ein question that individual was not a Courier ;be hail convinced that this was the true state of the temper at •
Lord CASTLEREAIIif protested against the inmate that persons in high rank nett at all times, and in alt t looking to the vo
n promoted.-lie (Mr. II.) would hardly suppose that the country, and he did therefore hope that bit ..
rentable language of the Right lion. Baronet ;he could pieces, liable to be attacked,by calumny. lie must, °utile . • hope of retaining
• objection would be made to that individual on thejosty's Government would accept the motion he
not tolerate it.-(dear, hear.)-:t would have been whole, consider that there could not have been a worse constitution. In
and of the obscurity of his birth ; for there were have the honour to make, or would hereafter inset fie
muchonote manly in the Right lion. Baronet, to have reason *fledged than the existence of rumours for the
cry instances in this country of permits having Queen's name in the Liturgy, and retrace their etas, Priend, he concei
adhered to his first assertion, even though he could not adoption of Ibis measure. Lt was not his intention
n from the lowest stations in life, to those of the He hail been told that the Noble Lord opposite h.a duty- which he ow
defend it, rather than have cloaked falsehood lender the to travel into the evidence. It wu odious and
hest honours in the Government England more stated that he never would hold office at all ime therm. VS that House.
math of arginnent.-(Order)-Ile felt it his duty to take disgusting to every body. lie begged the House to
n all other countries, had always been memorable dition of restoring her Majesty's name to the Misr ty.
an active part against a certain faction in Ireland, whose go along with him to the moment of her Majesty's trial Mr. LEGGE add
a disregard of that prejudice so generally imbibed On that point perhaps his Lordship was the beet•eseat;
object was to do away with the connexion bell ten the That trial, as they all knew had occupied a very consi- s voice. lie conies
dust lowly birth. The Honourable Member then ad. out so far was he front thinking that such OD /Annie omission of the Q
two countries. The Right Honorable Ha/oust had derahle time, and, at length, in the last stage of the have the effect of removing the Noble Lord freer sis,
ted to the subject of Parliamentary Reform ; and oh- itttriord VW toes
resorted to an unworthy subterfuge, when he found Bill of Paine and Penalties, the Noble Earl, at the head he solemnly protested that it would confirm lif us is tr.
red that the cause had ever baen warmly supported that his Majesty's
that he failed in argument. It was very true that be of the Administration in the other House, found him- session. Nor did he see, in that event, any chasm(
the Noble Lord opposite. lie woad read to the voted against the Bill of 1;93, which went to extend the self in a majority of nine. What the Noble Earl said eny party in that House disturbing the Noble lomial e a sense °filmy. A
use a document which would prove the. fact. Theinal insertion of
ff a large portion of the people, though be was on that evenitig, as he understood, was, that the preen,-
SU MT tO
n. Member then read an extract from an Irish news-over-rated. It wo
then read • I to up rt tl e r use of the ble of the Bill had been proved, and now under tile eir
%, as le was now, s po i n this was the state of the sentiments of this 'tali in e
err, (The Belfast News Letter) dated the 4th June, mark o f peculiar g
Catholic., but upon quite a distinct principle from cumstance of so small a majority., he would not press the the momentous question, he would ask him, whets
00, and containing a letter-signed " Edward and Ito- Mitered to be in co
that•whiCh went to interfere with the Constitution of Bill any further, and he himself moved the rejection of the ; ;
situation of the country was such as to enable lis
•t. Stewart." The Letter was from the Noble Lord and the effect of th
Parliament. it. Tl;e true reason why lie did not press it was, that to despise the public voice? It was not his ai-li 1p
I his colleague to their constituents, and promised the winds of the p
Sir J. NEWPORT said, that as the Fold. Lord he felt that it never would leave been endured, either by dram a glootny picture. Notwithstanding the di. liw• .
hat they would exert themselves to promote a Bill for Majesty. On the
denies the truth o tie assertion, le tvou
had •Ifl• • I •Id that House or the 4 ountry, that such a Bill should pass ed state of the agricultural classes were very- gee: ait '
ending the Representation of the people."-Thus at , with a majority of nine. And in what way was that ma- partisans by it.
Oilmen the Hon. Member, the House would see that bra • •
'in assert, that he meant to refer to the period was not so great as was represented. They were de ' after all he had he
joritv composed i There were exactly the same DIM pressed beyond all former example ; and he askel to
• Noble Lord had once stood in the ranks of those when the Noble Lord was first connected with office.- did not consider th
her of Cabinet Ministers, all of whom bad a direct per- it worth while to insult them by turning a deaf ear to
ry Reformers with whom he could not bear to realer- Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that he lead no con- *anal interest in the Bill. They knew tht•y would have their prayers for the restoration of her Majesty's toot ..
‘ der would say that
te.-(A laugh.) To that Noble Lord he would say, uexion with office at that period, nor slid he take been exposed to the insults and taunts of all mankind to the Liturgy? With respect to their umet-v., le ny all the loyal, w
the language of Pen to Lord Strafford, that the peo• office for four years after.-(Hear, hear, from the Ali- had they not abandoned a measure, the majority for was not one who believed they were ruined. He knee tubule Royal Fat
e would never leave him so long as he bad a bead
nisterial Benches.) folly the depressed state it was in, and feared it woell . could not bring hi
on his shoulders ; though he (Mr, H.) wanted nei•• capacity of accuser, judge, and juror, had the strongest
Mr. HORHOUSE then presented two other Pete , continue. Willi respect to the internal politics d of the Crown, in t
er his head nor place. Ile would be; to remind the personal interest in the conviction of the Queen. With ' the country there were many queations Mad' wad teugade towards t
able Lord attic expression of thereat Lord Chatham. ,long to ti.e same effect as the last petition ; the first
respect to the opinion delivered by the august tribunal, be agitated shortly in that House, on which floral,.
lien s eakin of that House. "If this House," said from the Bricklayers of London and its environs; ease against t
he should offer a few remarks, because he bad beard in try and they were greatly at issue. The Poor lots, - hired witnesses.
I' g
at No )Ie Lord, "will not reform itself within, it will and the second from the
Bookbinders of London and that House doctrines broached utterly in contradiction for instance, could not be long put off, DM Whitt% it ii‘ to the present
timately be reformed from without." The Noble Lord Westminster.-Which petitions were disposed of in Ito the plain simple rules of justice. It was true that a come, they would have occasion for all doe Oldness lii the King,
td a solemn warning front the people almost every the same manner as the former petitions. d they not a
majority of nine had been obtained : but had good sense, and good humour the country coell deo.
gist ; and most iiineerely did he (Mr. II.) trust that (Ilear, bear, hear
Sir FRANCIS BLAKE presented n petition from rig I
1t to suppose that eh, interests of the Crown in the He should be glad to hear that their external rtlaid" cited the people o
s Lordship and Isis colleagues would take that warn- other House had not souse influence in procuring it ?- were nut in the same situation. They were told tbd of "her subjects,'
g ; and would begin the work of conciliation by re- his constituen .ts the inhabitants of Berwick-spun-
g; •
Ile bad not the slightest intention to cast any reflection there would be a continuance of peace, bust thrTraabi tenor of her answ
tering her Majesty s name to the Litnrey. • Tweed, In Guild assembled. It was with much pride
on the Noblemen who composed the majority ; but lie I not shut their eyes on what was passing. This ins had beets said, a
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, he dill not rise to reply and pleasure he. said, he presented this petition, appealed to the House if there might not exist a variety i men, great principles-contending for mastery at Ibis ow, Queen's feelings;
i all those topics which the Hon. Member had taken heavily concurring as he did ie the object of its of motives in their minds calculated to obscure and blind I n Europe-a good and a bad principleosliberly.loo , . cotild•pot grant t
cession so unseasonably to introduce. 'He should only prayer. The petitioners deeply deplored these pro-, their judgments r For example, boa would mention a 1 slavery I Would the Noble Lord opposite weft 10°, ' a aerie% of public
We himself to that part where he was charged with ceedings against the Queen, which had diverted the strong, entire confidence in his Majesty's Government, that this country would not be called upon again mead every institution
eying chaoged his opinions respecting Parliamentary which might certainly operate in that
_way. _ Another
attention of the House from those plans of economy in the breach made by the tyranny of one gres!ote• . • country.-(lirar,
leforin. The opinions he had 'formerry entertained ohi circumstance whirl, frequently operated on the judg-
and retienchnient, of which rood so mue iruling despot? Wet there no great Monarch its I.•titer,
.? allowance should
hat subject referred only to the Parliament of Ireland ; - . country . meat was, the recollections of great favours and kiwi- inflamer! *
ad if the same system hid still cbtitinned in Ireland, his in need. They concurred also in the necessity of ness. For an illustration date effect of the confidence, who held hundreds of thousands of' soldiers the Sovereign, a
Anti should such an occasion arriveas he atieeddlo• against Porliosue
ear)
an would have still continued the same,-(hear, Porliansentary Reform, and concluded with Praying in t;overm:). nt he lead mentioned, they need.not go out would they. not require all the good-hunionr, now. , the Hon. Member
lest he wonid have still voted fur Parliamentary the restoration of. her Majesty's name to the Liturgy. of that Bonne. Many were known to sacrifice their swn '
and patriotism of tlse nation. He did, therefore, ,hint
_, if the Queen's nit
leforni. He bad found that the dissolution of the I ri•ti lie would now log leave to ask Ws Majesty's Minis. opinions to those of the Niiiiisters in whom they placed that it was the Worst policy at the present moment eat! Liturgy, those pas
*arliament produced an effect altogi•ther different from answer confidence. When, therefore, they hearth it asserted in
ters one question, ts hid' whether they would to put the country out of humour, or to keep kit. nen opinion, to warra
1 ilissolntion•of the English Parliament, and therefore that Holt e.
that the Quieen's moral guilt was established,
hereafter, or never, was a matter of no cunse- state. lie had DO hesitation in saying that all tlsae . these circumstanc
se connittered some reform isereassera. lle bad not con- "owl' or ' . it amounted to nothing. They bad no right to draw,
emplated the same standard of Morns with the lion. quel"-e whatever to him.-(14.6•1 laughter.) He emies, processions, and disturbances in the cos.!' .., „, her Majesty's nan
such an inference from the transactions of that tribunal; which i • 1 f would continue to incria• ) the great majorit
illember-a standard which would establish Annual rousted that the House would agree with hint when lie remembered an aneutlote of an lion. Gentleman be- were comp mato o ,
till Ministers gave in to lite wishes of the people. •- .
Address to the Cr
haliamerits and Universal Saifferge. In 1793. when the they saw his wiect. His question was this-If her longing to that House who was found drinking claret lion. Gentleman concluded by moving the fullotriet o be an unauthorisa
gective franchise was given.to the Catholics of Ireland, alajestv'e name had wood in the Liturgy at the time sip stairs in former times, and uaon being asked by some
Resolution :-" This House leaving taken Otto con_sidso , rogative, dentgat
ae expressly told his constituent" that he WORM no the Hifi of -Pains and Penalties was withdrawn, which one what were his motives for supporting a question then ie„,".„ name not bel !I' . Injurious to the It
ration the circumstances of her Ma.
longer countenance Parliamentary Reform. lie -would meaaare was called, or rather miscalled by the Not& under discussion in thee house, answered with nairetr, inserted in the prayers, collects, and litanies of the chums Mr. C. W. WI.
lever admit any change that could interfere with the • •.
" I don't trouble myself about the meter, Mr. Pitt
practical Constitution of the British House of Commons: , taint oppusite a technical acquittal would his Majesty's
- ' takes care of that for me." Now, the Noble Earl, at service, and also the miniermis Petitions fecal the r"' earlier period of
'taloa dins
Mr. 11011 HOUSE, in explanation, said he had not eatoisters, under the circumstances of that acquittal. the head of the other House, had also many Peers P.• i , d•
le, complaining of the ousission, is of op . Speaker's eye. I
•
spoken one word about Annual Parliaments and Uni- si tye advised her Majesty s name to be expunged front its the seine I/critical:tent ; and he did not, there- •.• _ - ciream . iseari
Is mg sly expe sent, tinder all existing ~ ng the exceil
ileraal Suffrage. the Liturgy ?-(Near:) if they would have done so, fore think that the majority of nine, and of twenty- ll
that her 'Majesty's name should be DOW Warted OIL •Oxford (Mr. Peel
thee Leavers, Collects, and Litanies aforesaid, 101 coincided wish hi
Sir JOFIN NEWPORT, with, 'tench warmth, con- undoubteoly Ility would base counteracted the good eight, on the Bill in itoestio, gave any right to such a measure would greatly tend to rewire !hei. his Majesty's Min
leaded that the Noble Lord fiatf itupportell Puha- effect of the abandonment of the Bill, and would any one to talk of the :,lurch's moral guilt. It was
contents existing on that subject in the public mut
„.. not think it •
litentary Retort' till he dot into tiffice.-(A laugh.)- have done what no men in their senses would fur a contrary to all rules of justice, and would not be endue __ , ..„ ,
il I the motion whit+ r by Parliameistary
it was then only thit his opinion) altered. Ile well et, ent serious, a. ir f , .
„ yt in u i eine, ed in any ordinary case. In the case of Mr. Host- Mr. TENN ISO\ secon et
so ninth etre pursued too aros i
iliiieeted the 'Solite Lord havingegleee his support to a ings, fur instance, talent would be said, if any Gentleman Honourable Friend had introdnred ,rich
c
. ittlholnh t iParliamentary Re neve. • which had been
forieto the Irish House of Coitaltins by an Hon: - "
is, who was now tui snore. ' Upon that occa- Quem Pens telt perdere Arius dementst.
(Hear )-l( they would nut have indicted such a pu-
nislipieut (hue could call it by no other name), after " f•l d I
were to get
.up in thet. House a ter tria ~an. c large Mr: neas.and perspicuity. Tae
Hastings with a conviction of moral guilt in the trans- aneabately enteralinto an pea . i ble Geminate!**
I. 11:Titii,tutr_:n
of
the
from,:
actions of the Rohillaii war, or any ether of the matter, rits of the questlon. Ilis Honnurableatid
toll:pp grette4 that no n
death of the late
bo conansunicatio
Mon of her (laugh
}ietld of
tin the Noble Lord said, thet, mikes the Petition .. . 1
_oit sof trial, merely they ought nut to have indicted it before which had previously been disposed of by the trial ? Friend opposite (Mr. Wetiscre.l) had ",!,!the.!leil hide *l'
. his opinion, could
e ple were attended to, and a Reform granted, it tem . ar.) lie hoped that the numerous petitions Would it he endureil, that any Gentleman, under similar rent to be doubted by any, th it althoti, .
to_ hr whatever the con
•Wwit . come from without with 'ii VAhgelinres as had Been which were presented upon .this subject world have circumstances, should get up and charge Lord Melville the nnilonlited Head of tile Clillr:11 by .hee.;:a
c.tnv ar He. however,
ii
hi
iitiat Yan eloneentStatesman.--:(Loutrihetrs.)-It was the eitict pf inducing the 31. •i be evil with um
Misters to repaid t 10 ' • •
ral guilt, who had been acquitted of all guilt ?. and by title, yet iu a spiritual anti trlaspa
......00
Act of Unifurmit
y Ifni that the Noble Lord did - reform the Irish' ' Site Yi id dohe b d• •
, I a ming the restoration of her If such an attempt were made, there would be a compe- , was bound by this Statute. .By the Act of I ow".. -, .
'sot 3" should be insert,.
rilk Ottonitiions, with a venkeariei.; he reformed it • e• . ' titibn among his countrymen in that House to defend lit was established on a firm bagi", that the DIM
.fiserti..l
Ile had looked inn
ri Ole Mien redicel way; in a wit abat.tropld never hes Ittiajesys acme to the
.Liturgy-a measure than id be! •
his character from so foul an attack. Yet from day to , the Royal Fatuity and Royal Progeny sling
In
time „,to Queen in it bas
.4170tten by Ow people- of. I relan....d.: he_itieket craned, tilt which no.fathet could be more grateful to the feelings chlay, andheeemehhouradto hour,
awere they a
Kaman dubject.
Queen
to, iriii theclaidtargy
iThi'"Accitlahliefnegd fouililittedliionne sorne.t:R.fi.nire,i . King the power o
ear
s
r upon
e
hat stweira lilies. the people, anefairterwarils aboriehed of the natiose-e(filear.)
it blfoitedieei.i c0ntrn......,..,/w. ins tbeNoble, The petition was supported by the other Honooraide He should abstain front touching upon the mere unpin.- issued in 1003 at the accession • of King Jame' .0 • time. He then re
LW 'S reform •-, is Was the spoke-13e ilia adopted. in Stbinhier for Resta& in a leis' a oritg. seas the. brought fant part of tile question-the tetra part, contenting ordained that the Church s tali et, .
bread more "Pe( .14..•
its insertion was
tenni or from the
i *anal I. mut ke wag four copyitore_ti. that the Noble OP,' iralitt sad. Otdertif to fie on she: Table, and • ble Prince an.; ,
to be himself with eepiessing his convection, deduced from i fot King.limes, Queen Anne, the No. . ,it urao t. ' wtth the Hovered
Leelit pus deer pursaing_the ignierystra' "la •ngland, • riffled. • i . ... • I I. aindr. t .. .t
- all he had heard In this Mose on the 'subject, that the eel's, and the rest of the Hoye
.„
.„.
(woe ~, 0 :Thiseneevenn f
eui t Would tie* 'slop till he ideviired' Ike ..Hai • e014',. ••Lerd FOLKESTONE It troller, at the instance of oknission of tier Najeste's name from time lAtnegy was throw *owes light on the 'peening 0' 2,l_l!_a I. oily, b . 'lle,rtine On &Deface
gal. The only motive, be mitred the Hattie, Act of Uniformity relating. .to the tstil::e_ ,he ecas- !. . retreat . •ble
tie* the Illeftlith Pik
liintarwt.-014Med; .4. .-4 laiciloo. I,•aendithen abvint, the Member furApplehy, otterly illegal: •• " • •
1
leiti.i..ll along whisperer'," inisr t.-014M
*it' whtell the '4le (air, creeveyik tiletsiseirooki on. TUPOday neat, sobnit which had lettered hint th give notice of big present be let! to tall tine attention of the H oie "pert° ' not es• Fancily' • ill'elg
414 id I'4 fiqi°6l4o 11'1 Id* atcillini solainn was, thitti • en"ti.olt.fil. the
.Pus., relative 1410 am render( Of the motion, was that an end might be put to the dhtneb. ingfeicts relative to the Act.. tether' 6', o. r e 1111* Queen /ken. ye; t
esit thosk Uzi ctiatesels to Hsi littlb...Were those Alit.% i High Sidfilt at are. ' . -• . • - •• • • - subject i '', state -
• • •• • • leer. 'ate ilietrarawnrefethe• runnier. Cls this i proposed as Consort to hint .
