S' I:A.'fsit:sAlAN

ON EX.OFFI,3O 'RO.S"ECCITIONS.

[nom TUX innupoinrwr Irmo.]
In our per of Jest week, we apprized our Rea-
ders that his Majesty's Attorney-Goon-al had thong itt
itiaper, by virtue of his odice, to serve us silt,: tin-
Vire of another ex-osicio information having been filed
by him against the Proprietor of this Journal, and we
promised our artifices that we would this day cont..
laturicate to them the oatore and object of the pro..
secutioa ; hut, as we.have not yet been able to pro,
cure a copy of the information, we are only enabied
In state, .that our Solicitor informs us, that the :tr.
facie complained of is the. Letter inserted in the i
Irkig, of the,3o6 of August last, un- I
sl.•r the signature of Puti,o4oxtos. IVe are also
.professionally informed, that the Attorney-General I
—(or, perhaps, we should speak.. more correctly if I
we said, the Solicitor-General, that is, the apostate
Whig, Garrow.—for we iselieve the merit of tread-
ing so closely open the-heels:of Sir Vicary, in thus
filing, without mercy or..discretion, dtxoj/kiu ipfur.
ynatiom, more immediately wpm:tales-to Mr. Gar.
row than Sir Thomas Plutuer)—we say, that. we I
ore professionally informed, that the itlfermation
Hied tin+ the modesty to chew us with a Libel upon'
the Unke of Cumherlnsui, althoogli the name of his;
toya! highness is nes where to he found as having
peen even mentioned in the.irlicle eousplained of.—
'floes, it would epprer, that his prosecution is in-
vended to be inipported.wholly upon inuendo, and such
Ytferettees and construction as the. sapient Mr. Gar.,!
row may please, in,the fertility of his invention, to
st.sciihe to us. TWO May be well .called a " New
,Ern," as scarcely a day transpires without the people
being called upon . to witness some new encroach.'
:peat upon their rights,, and some fresh daring stride
of iSliuisters and their time-sr...nine Crown LA %ye's.
j3nt when. we reflect that Lord Elliott is the Lord
'Chancellor of Englowd, and that,' itt the year 1794,
:this self-same Lord Eldon, in his capacity of Attor.
ues-Ceueral, *did every thing la his power to .0013.
"ict inpocent men, in the attAmpt to introduce in
the criminal law of the country, the abominable doc-
trinepr g. Constructive Treason," and that Mr. Gar.
row, the present Solicitor-General, and from whom
the present prosecution emanates, was then one of
the lending and active auxiliaries of Lord Eldon, in
assisting him all in his power to effect his thenpraisc-
freaky attempt of convicting " innocent men,"
'by inference and krbitrary construction,—it can
excite little wonder that the same Gentleman,
Rh 'ted to thi -tant.post.of Solicitor,

the subject, is novel litho cloture, is borrowed from
the worst periods of our history, and hostile to
every principle of the Constitution; in short, that
the methods of procedure, adjudication, and puttiih-
me,it, for Libel, are. the growth of tyranny and ,
usurpntion.—'rhat the doctrines are susceptible of the.
most caiwirious interpretations, and the Attorney-
General exercises ns capriciously the discretionary
.nd unconstitutional power claimed by him, ;
and that, while this,practice coutinues, it is a farce
to tall: of the Liberty of the Press.—illiscra:est,ser-
itits uGr jus est vago taietch-
ed slavery is uncertain 10;o." •
•

LAT INTO: Lli ;INC E.

COURT OF CHANCERY, Dec. 1.
&fore his Iltmoar the. Manor of the Rolls.
TILE .t rO RN EY-li EN Elt L V. THE .EORPORATION Oi
BASTING&
•
The attention of his Honour was occupied the
greater part of this and the two following days, by
Iwo charity causes.
This was an information filed by the Attorney.
General, at the instance of Mr. James Breeds, an in.
habitant of the town of Hastings, impeaching the
conduct of Mr. Milward, and the other Members of
theCorporatiois, who were the Trustees of the Charity
Estates, in the management thereof. The facts were
shortly these: a Mr. Parker, in the year 1619, left a
considerable Landed Estate for the establishment
of a school in the town of Hastings.. It' appears
that the Trustees had, for very many yearsOet-the
Estates at very lour rent., and in some instances
to Members of the Corporation. Ia year ISO 9, the
estates were held at a rent of 751., though in the
same or followiug year, the trustees received offers-
from respectable persons to taken the same lands at
2101. per annum ; at which rent the same are now
let, under the directions of the Court. It appears
there ought to be three distinct charity schools at
Hastings, but the trusteosisad blended theme and ap-
pointed one person master of all.
Sir S..ROMILLY and Mr. Mar animadverted with
their wonted pdrspieility on such conduct, and his
Honour was pleased tii.de'creei that the charity should
be duly regulated, and thafthe Corporation shoal('
pay the costs of all parties. • ' •
THE ATTORNEY.DEN ERA L MIL JAMS AND Nits INA!
WARD, AND THE onsk.st MEMBERS OF TIRE
RATIONS OP RYE AND DOPING&
This was another 'information, likewise
•impeach-
ing the conductsof the' Trusteei in the Management'

- Mr. TOPPING hero appeared for the Defendant,
audit wa4 agreed to refer the Plaintiff's accounts to
a GWOleman at the Dsr (Mr. Gaselee).
'Ole verdict was accordingly entered for the Plain.:
tiff, subject t' tha.deeision of the Gentleman to whom
the Waiter is referred.

CIMICT OF COMMON PLEAS, CumonALL, Dzc.lo.
GOULI) r. TEMPLE.-USURY.
This was an action brought by the Executor or a
Getitleman, mined Brown, on a • promissory note,
Inwhich the Defendant promised to pay Mr. Brown
961. for value received. Mr. B. not long after the
note Was 'given,' died.
Serjesilt '.VatrqltAN, on the part of the De.
rensiant;"preied that the bill way given in 1809, and
thatldr.:l3ttiwn, on the 2d of January,
_lBlO, took
71.'105.' for tine year's interest of 961. The Learned
Serjeant observed, that the interest was so good that
Mr. Brdv;qapplif4 to the Dufemlant, and offered to
lend him Mt., at. 8 Per cent. A second note was
; consequently-pm foi, MI,. and six mouths after 41.
was paid foi half a year's interest.
• 'Th'eliveipts were produced itt,Mr: Brown's hand-
-1 Writthie,'''whieh was proved by a peison belonging to
theltift inte-OffiCe, ii-ho had known Brown when a
butler,. in'th; service•of.Dr. Pitcairn.
-Arterthe abore fads had been proved,
'Mr..Serjfent SnEenoo observed—" My Lord, I
do not know what answer to make to this."

I

WILLIAM B. MOUN'FAIN Saracetes Heal
, . ______.........,—...„.
11144 50.% • hilt, 1011111,111, the bona Ae, • m ,t, „'i Travellers, good beds, choice Liquors. and nuidemoit44r,' :'
l'''
e ..marg..,,
The following Pont Coaches, Mail Coach &
ihtiSZ.Tair.eullit'S,ltead Inn, Situ w-hill:-.
Ply mow h, Weymouth, Dorrhege:tere, help's": 1:
D•irtoolath, and filli.bury, hew Po.t Couch, every aNil%' -i-,'''
at half-pan Six o'Clo; k, with a Guard, through It." Pit n..itii' 1 minster, bridport, I:landlord, Basingstoke, and aid 'k.
.BOSTON, Spalding, Pclethotangli. anima, and Ili , dov, New Loyal Mart Coach, sets but eery l' .'.VVlilil , eibli„lE; from Boittan to Sdilslty, Imaili, Crimdiy, mid Ilse• 4.-""
lavtitroot., iVarrimtion, littutsford, abort:., and 1 iy..
field, Post Coach, called, Thr Expeditios, every E ~,,,,. ",
Five o'Clock, to the Saraccu't Head lon, Date-stF;er 'l' '"
, ..ver.
pi.d. Ge4rde.l dinntornn.
B.ATII and BRISTOL Flying Post Conehrt, thrmith 04,
penitani, Caine, aati•Nli.rlborutagit, every Afterimon I t.t. • r: ;
Coarli, it
Mr. May's, the (keyboard Inn_, Bath, and the Loadmain't:',.‘• Thwalits-street, and the Swan Itri.tol, nest weni. .1"--1
ig•—tuittiet
to Wells. Bridgewater, Taunton, &e.
LEEDS New Light Couch; called, The Rockingham, I,
not t very Morning at half-pal Sevea "Clock; carries r'f.,;
ic,jdr; only, and goes remarhably mvey. will, a Guard m, , ''
ott. Paves through Stamford, 'Newark, Helfer! 0„:„ .';',N.
and Ferry hridge, to the Guinan Loa, Leeds, text D tv ni N•.
N °in ithsioniting the twos:lino etpedition of this
Dtmarrim,
allowed to he lite most agreeable and complete Puhlw Come.,
aeh-e on the North Ruad, being unequalled in AmommodatiW lay :any lather.
KENDA L, Lancaster, Preston, K Why- lonsdnle, Bolt
Charley, Omsk', k, nod Garstang Post Conches, ever) Afiea:
' alum, at f ive titlark. Guarded.
I GLASGOW, Lougtown, Gretna-Green, Atom,
1 Brownhill, Thornhill, Sanquhar-Kibs, Cantnork, limpid.,
[ and oil parts of Scotland, Campeidawn Coach t Dr.iio.
YORK, Newcastle, and Edinburgh, new Cott: h, prrylitri
' With a Guard throughout, sets met every Mortal: g A I,,tfiri
1 Six o'Clork, by way of Newark. Rciford, T.locanter, is:„..
lingtun. Niwthullerina, Durham, Morpeth, and Kerr:wk._
Pas,engers Gutting themselves fatigued from the kneel ut t ~
journey, may rest what time they please, and then prnceed ~,,
withuut any addiatiiital fare. J. Chrk. the Slack Saga, c.,,
ney.street, York, runs Coaches in Sunderloud, Hid!, sent„,
tough, Whitby, and other Places.
...:449411/iNkettr9V ay.'. -, illi.;lre ,X 1.7- .Y.'".etic4
Evening.
CA. ii LISLE, Penrith, mg Whileharen, Post Cmarh, .
with four I i nr,CS, WO n Guard nil the way. Pace: tha.
BrOUgh. Appleby, Greatahridke, Richmt.nr:, Caiterlek, tr,.
roughhridge, Wetherby, Alterf.wd. Doncaster. and Giunituon
(the nearest WA by cighteets miles), sets nut every kayak,
and performs Me journey with the greaten facility. I".itltgell
detained no the Road by buntww or plemasre, 'Mire Alkmaar
advantage of their seats bring set aced in the nest Cant*, -
WAKEFIELD Post Coach, every Morning, et hail-past
Six o'Cliwk.
CHESTER, Newport, Whitchnrch, Tarpnr:ey, Valwieit,
,• NJerthartch, and I/diddle wish, Post CauCt, every..l.vvuittg, at
; Five o'Clock.
I • SUNDERLAND, Etorktnri, and Yarm, New 'Coach, every
Morning, to the George Inn.atsdet I tit&
Corgleton, Newcastle, Viata;al,
• SH it F. IT SI3 ti R it., nellivginn, and Shiffital, Post Cuhrh,
andMWA NolLverAtiva'Stnllßta'.l"l.4..als'islraicit, every Afternoon. guar oil.
the Royal Charlotte.every Leanne, tat Ftvea'Clock, maid.
SHEFFIELD nod Rotherham Post Coach, called the Rut.
incham, every Morning. ..
Alton Coati,
every Eseniag. •
SOU I'IIIAM PION,
~
11111N1 iNCtiIA NI Mercury Pon Coach, whit a Guard, sets
WiacheFter, Alresford, and Al
out every ft fWrooon, and reaches Biritibighani twat day at now.
Ptudea by Oitard, Emden. and Shipstoue, to ins Saniccii
Head. null-street. Birmingham.
HULL, Nur( heave, liowden, Thorn, and Doncaster, Pod
Coati eves v Nittrolog at half.ptast Six o'Clock, to the Ballast
San Lam, Slyton-gate, Hnll.
HERTFORD, Warr, Huddesdon, and Cheslunt Coats,
1 every Morning.
TOTTENHAM and EDMONTON Coach, doily, at bsl.
past 10, indf-past 2, half-past 4, and half-past 7, ntinrk•
1

S

-nutindati.4l t. 3,
Berate Coerg..„
&e, bet oat thin
era Paleaa nth
rciu., tint.
M.', and Lilo"
cry Eveleeg
de-strem, Lib;it
r,
1, through Chit.
?nano; :4i ire
kingham,
; ,
Guard
at iv In
this Coach, it
Public Come.:
A kv, efnudAtliirt
on,:1:110 , Bolton,
every After.
ttn, niirefrin,
tuck. Atetguet.
t
;or: h, p.ef .ntrit
g It ilfl
T.loVigkr,
rind limy:irk.—
he lenrth t e
thtro Prllreed ut
Mark Soon, C...
I, Hen, Scab,.
"tertlC4
Sit COlSrti,
Paso: the);
Caiteriek,
, and Giouthion
Decry Stormac,
tesengett
rive tiur keldka
rat Gogh.
ing, et half-pew
very..l.vvoing, at
cw 'Coach, evert
!WC3stle, Vrbi,;,4
woo guarder!.
Pnvt Cohrh,
"Clock, gaeniri.
called the Reek.
nod Alton Coati,
:h a Guard, sets
next day at noon,
10 Inc Sanwa's
Dateable'', Pod
to the Bail mg
:heslunt Coati,
, daily, at baF.
7, otlork.
;eons, sate in
w hole world In
and fvfethod or
tramiee of many
on has not given
r to dirert their
LKEAL COM-
ent, whicit is the
Is of a habit long
hnah gle keik in

:etais:ll
Merl the
,ed plan
niit the
orr.iw4e
cattbse.
metro-
sily en.
e 4 by
t to Huy
debility
and the
Kw the,
heir re-
ia
of life,
t %bible
Cie pi.
I hat lag
ferrners
deci3ive
;
• Twenty'
the cure
rtieulsrs
inns ,
*ill he
t%i• se-
t letter
es, with
We, ("'
asgolf,
brew-
Vit.,- :a:IJ
is. 41.°4
her, to
IMOS'S
tiw
it hating
thle tik
, 1911.
nal.
r
BAIL
it of the
ieloleet
'bine 1,0
ce:,ll'
ig PS inp.
ittig thd
twured
r
+1 Out re
it to cl
reinaiur
rats.)
tits
