FRENCH PAPERS OF SATURDAY.

1

4

~~,..

•

These Poeta curtain no direct intelligence from the
Head (Inert/T-1 of the Onke of Aneonirnn•• The Pak
emends hostilities hail reeonsonence-1, which the Op-
poeition Prints do not believe on acconnt of the silence of
it-e 2pereel ftes flekat.s on th• subject. this paper declares
'baffle Medlid Regency orfferool dielinthars of life litre
drew' of the Royal Wohintters tof Navarre to he prosecuted,
aninhat it oaly relinquished that ietetition at the request
of Marshal Laoriaton, who promised that the Addressept
would repair their fault at the siege of Pompeian*.
(From the. Monitrur of Sept. 20.—fitfirial Put)
ARMY OF Tim P,YRIINEFA. •
'moire OP MARSHAL , tatraisTow -TO TUE MINISFRIIL
• ; • • WAR, •.
ORCATRN, NEAR OAMPELI:NA, Ssipt.l"4--Sir.the necessity
of driving in all the ontposts of Pompeian* to facilitate to.
the officers* of the engineers. the reconnaissances of the
piece, made me resolve on the attack of the 3d of Sept., of
which 1 have hail the honour to give an account to your
Excellency. This operation which made us masters of the
snhsorh of [blebs-wee led me to demonstrations on the
right bank of the Area, in the front of the town, and on the
bastion 6onzagne, the object of whirl' was to divert the
attention of the garrison. A trench has been opened from
the White Hewn" to San Pedro, another from the White
House to the Maison Querree. A redo's has been sketched
o' the ridge of the curtain, and almost under the glacis of
the bastion Gonzagne, which may he approached very near
wlthont being exposed, by favour of the. inequalities of the
ground. During this time batteries of mortars kept the
garrieort on the alert. An eatrepot of 50 cannon, take it
from the great park, and depot. of gabions and fascines,
weer formed behind the front of the attach. projected against
the citadel in the little valley, which approaches it very
nearly off the Fort del Principe, and which terminates at the
Aria. near Sisar-Majoe.
Their 'preliminary arrangements being completed, I fixed
on the night of the 10th for the opening of the trenches
against the salient part of the citadel, the bastion Sr. Marv.
and the adjacent half moons. The work was to begin 200
toirwe from the glade. The ground favoured this boldness,
which had the advantage of opening the first parallel at
the distance where the second usually commences. and will
save us the trouble of making a third. I adopted the idea
proposed by General Garhe, especially that of giving ga-
hioets to the workmen, to make up by prudence for the
boldness of nor first operations, and spare-the blood of the
eoldiere ; 3500 workmen armed with th. it muskets cat•rying
took and gabions, accompanied by seven chosen companies
of nosed' of the trenches, were directed from the points of
renJeztoux On the ground, by Officers of Engineers and.of
the Staff. millet a violent storm, which disturbed or shirk-
peed at first all our movement", bat without abating the
firmness of the troops. A Spanish detachment of the
Royalist division of General d'Espagne, miugleal with the!
French detachment", showed their a: doer The chosen com-
panies were distributed on the front and wings, to protect
tar work, by the care of General Fernig and Col. Schnider
Commandants of the trenches, and of Colonel Dearliallards,
Alejor of the trenches. Urn. garbs, aided by Lieetenant
Colonel Waist', and the Chief. of 11-ralion Leutereier,
Dem•riis, and ole ltepecaud, placed the workmen on the
hilt drawn, and every one began to work with ardour.—
The rain bail perhaps favoured fee a moment our enterprise.
and diverted the vieilance•of the enemy ; lont 'he strokes of
the pirkaxes oh a flinty ground onalle.sparks fly along the
wiole line, which the gabions fortunately concealed in pis. t.
However, a fire of grape and musketry from the fortress was
anon directed; against our workmen, but in a vague sad
wndeeirleol manner, and generally the shot fell beyond the
line. became we were not supposed to be so near. The
night was employed with perseverance, and at Jay break
the parallel was generally three feet deep and four feet
broad, on a line of 2.000 totes, with a goad communication
finished nn the left and one traced in the centre. At day
break the enemy coonnienced a very brisk fire on the work-
men, who relieved those that were employed in the night ;but
they werealteady well covered everywhere, and by singular
good fortune we bad no more than eight or ten wounded in
this operation,and none killed. .1 immediately after &Deeded
to the labours of the artillery. which has reconnoitered the
site of the 'unwire on this point of the attack. Consider.
mg the weakness of the enemy's garrison which 1 mean to
fatig*e, I have not ceased to keep tip the appearance of 'a
diversion against that part of the town on the side of the
road to Tolosa. I have sacrificed to this some labronr and
some cannon shot, but I intend to hasten the erecting of
batteries on the parallel speedily to silence the fire of the
citadel, ip order to bring the fire.of oar infantry near to
the rampart", mad not to leave. the gunners in the place a
Plantain tranquil; • holy, soon to crown the• covered
way, and batter the ramparts to effect a breach.' In two
dar'bilepre to be able to open the fire, and I shall take care
that, arlentritst-eeriens attack is once been, it obeli mot'
egslo alse*el,' 'shall. Rot neglect to inform yonr Excel-
lency's/04..1*(1nel o(our operations till they have attained
the malt 'Web ace have reason to hope. Accept. &e.
,
Marshal Lacetsean.
(Ilene follows the, wameapkie despatch, dated Orrayen;
the 17thonwsomming the capitulation of the town and
ci'adei.) .a •
Peals, Stwolbealler 20 —0 Si s 1 i ntelli genre • bastesehmi
the eovershatimt to-day, that the head quarters of ehiepolte
d'Angonlmixtribbye been removed to Llnclans, nearittlele,
de Leon: -=•• ' • • , •
The terms npon Which. s.L.Guehhard has undertikell the
loan of the Spanish Regency, for 50 millions of rawes; a*,
55 franca and 5 framscommission: .
The 'ReMS of the tall of Patapelitam• has Maas hat little
ernsatiewhere. it is said that gold has .bad more: se do
with it than lead or irma But what has produced greeter
emotion. and elven rise to many conjectures, Its the order
of the Duke d'Aognulerne to the French Ambassador, M.
Talmo, to left Madrid. and come to the bend qttart.rs
before Veda. This. appears to announcoya complete rap-
ture between the Regeuey and Iris Royal Highness.'
Pants. September 20.—Feeeecn Ft/NOM—Five percent.'
opeoetl at 90, 50 closed at 911. 50.—Loan of 1823,2i.—8ank
Stuck, 1595.—Neapolitan. five. per that. bulge
pn Undo% one mouth, 25f. tiOc. t these-,ditto, 25f. 00c.

GIBRALTAR PAPERS.. ' •
• Gibraltar Chronicles base arrived to the 21 of September
of whisk fiat followitig are extracts:—
(raoss riga Parse or. rasa Matt)''
•
" Lingeoant•ltenersi Z4yas and several other Spaniel!
Ofteent, weMara. barearrived here front Nide:tit by sea.
e* A person arrived front the seighbourhood of Cadiz,
Mauer that then mate be a meeting of General Wirers and
014 palseas• fa. rank •at the heradinatters of the French
army, wlitinesoesral had.alvetelly arrived frost! distant places,
and amoag 'then the Des Del infsotado was hourly ex-
rectetn . cr. • ,• .
• (raise !Tea PAPS& OP AVO. 29 )
" The Porsuessec2sitip Vella:Strived here from Bahia
in fa days.: She sailsai la ossipetty of upwards of MO sail,.
cgesissier of Mon of ,worwlraseports, and merchantmen,
briegitag away the Pot serene Harrison4o6ooo mew, which
has abandoessi that place, mid is Wining to Gurepe."
. Jdf priests letters we Iran,' that General Qoirega bad,
. temeasal.tisat ples'efrom Eingised, and was understood' to
• owtorlais alittiateodoe of.oetateg Cadiz if possible. Sir
W.liairsremosiaad at UiM iae with timflar views, as well
as algae hasher alltaidisatieniabtalkers from all parts
&lap** woogressiraltiox for the Armee of any re-scams,
• ia their lestaar,ovls is reearkalii. 'that the Gibraltar letters
speak f Mallesbeess as still iefeetire against the French
and satin waive a alteelelar Aloittor's advance
• -Goardtwooll. -VW opinion at Gibraltar
NOW the IFNI* srear•compelied to
taisat satltS fitarri a blociade,

motatelsinan.

TUESDAY ETENINO. SEVTIMBER 23; 1923.

. .
STOCK . RICOANOL 12 oVbocc-Xonsolo 'opened this
morning* at S3l-10 I, for the account, and lot money 83',/,
at which prices they have remained, bat with no business
doing. This stagnation ii attributed to the want of are
rivals, as yet, from rani., and to the anxiety' of the public;
respecting the ri•snit of the expected attack on Cadiz.
Fon xtux Pump:l.—The. same stain ttiun prevails in all
foreign securities, as in the -English funds. Colombian
opened:at &Cana Spanish Bondi at 35/. • • -o'7'
New Spanish; ma Do.. 33:t—00101bia..55i
Russia. S3l 'to ,31—Preach Snip, 21--,Elattiolt,Sl—Poyets,
14/ to j, • • • '• . ;,

By an arrival thin morning front Ilayoaae.we have received
the foilowirm aPrllligener

31 n t ro. September S.—The Conitiltsl tonal Ginelle of the
3d of t is month, which has been circulated here with 'troth-
sion, has occasioned come arrests. The following Is an ex-

Inset from this Joann' :
"..FlsochLuss, September S.—His Excellency the Governor
of :he place. has jun received a despatch from his Exerlienty
the Commander-In-Chlef of the army of operations, dated the
Ist of this month, to the following effect ;
': I hasten to Inform your 'Excellency that the national ar-
mies are always victorious, thanks to Providence. which sup-
ports the just cause, end to the breve men whom I am proud to
command. After the, ramous engagements I ha,d With the
er.el:y on the 17th, ISth, 90111 and 21d, with the favourable re-
sell of which I have sequaiwed you, for the satisfaction of the
loyal citizens of Barcelona,. I reSidired to effect a movement on
Mont Blanch, charging Gen. Liobera to keep the enemy in
check, who had taken up a position on the Cole.na. My in-'
tention was to give some repose to my troops; to protect the
convoy of the prisoners taken from the enemy, and inspect the
works of Tarragona..The enemy bet little chastised in the last
attacks certainly took my atonement fora flight, as If the Cou-
stitational troops knew hole-kb llys and forced the division of
Ltobereasto fall'backfroni•St.prints; St. Cavil and Artrfulia-
Being ieformed of his' mosePtent,l ordered Gen. Lloberas not
to be drawn into an remanent,: bit.• only to keep off the
enemy till my arrival; he'pettetuellylellowed my orders, not-
Withstanding the reiterated•nttneks of the enemy on the 27th.
to ' which night alone put an, eed,
.. I. was soon convinced
that the French meditated a mere merlons attack for the nest !
day. and prepared to take pawl Init; - making a movement to-1
wir'daArtsfalla,tedd at the'attese'thisit'oyderin4 General Liolteras
. . . . • • • ••• .. J • .
to :over thaptalug.of.ydotting Inwards which the enemy ma-
neeenrod ductile the night; t destgehig 'probably to near the
eirsit,.lo bi Seconded b*bisistrivil•forev. We did dot perceive
li • ' '
Ws Rites during 'the ti ghtl;ostra eotild ,li,tlit his camp en the
Stfath, at day break. .ThisenentraltMeloped his columns on his
left at Arta fulla.feigning to leap au Vendrell, the better to die-
.:gabs his attack on' oat center eV Ille•Itoyal road. I ctosed
the ridge of Vendrelf to be Oceipled by *Alm foreign legion
which had covered 11saIf milk gloey lb, prieteding day, and by
a battalion of thriereariss. ili:'Ckassests Impatient to
engage the • enemy," began. the "ftticli it' 'Ste'. hermitages
o( St, Felice against My orders, they were obligwl to yield
'.hios this post, which *as reinforced by a weak banshee
, ,I;antsed itl kty o he dislodged thl.'s/rumba e,4kb: of la ; still
die engagement led to the g.-nerai attn.+. The French,
Anil -.their infamous oiliest. to the ammo tat _of 10,060 men.
.coistmataltal by their able Marshal filonecey in person, re.
Ottatteiterell and attaeltok,,alauttst at the same tone' our
rthins; but With .iMectuusity not to .be described, our
ite Men icou;sed "them with unparalleled brAvery. They
return to, the charge; the pn4tioWlt .Al* again von mood;
they are carried; taken, and retaken hysturus; the combat
'becoines ohs irate and bloody., and continues with tho,greitt.
eat inveteracy ford hours, In,contetnet.pf fatigue, cruel
thirstosud death; ant( the tuompt of . victory or .defeet is
still uncerto.in. :fhts „indecision, and the desire or
General Lloheras . who bad already had ;two horses killed
under him, induced mt. io •b ri iig forward my , reserve, sup.
porting his di t'lsinii implAtiust by a battalion of Asturias,
and.those of the Catalonians partly composed of re:emits t
Any. I ordered the cwt of-uy staff Colonel San Aliguri to
bead it.Tbese two regiments without waiting fur the orders
of their officers,,itherged Om loamy with fixed. bayonets,
broke his ranlit aad ohligeg bin tore:resit..chis brave men
encouraged by this noble example, cedoahled their efforts,
and with cries of Vie Comalitelium for ever. 'death to the]
Freedt! charged tv,ith the boyouet afoot the ssls-oht line,'
drove the enemy from. all . his positions, and spreasr.
confusion in his . ranks. • Our , Cavalry, Oen decide.
the *victory, charging and pursuing ,him .rte . fir
stsßelver and Santattur on one !side, and ,as far as
Barbara son Santa Colombo. ea the oilier. We should Isorr
'prs sled him much farther, ;but oar; infensey wasighaneogq
grips fatigue.. 1 think,Apeevers,! mu; skteriliss bare be
'tamed hint in his iriorplAtavast. , , ,
The result of thisesctorr 11% !,bat are Ili/041W 41/11 enemy
from reconnoitring oar camp, eni‘mused ittemaJos• 41440
billed. tad 1711prisonerl,.nRI. 1110 mitten, Ipstled *kit bag:

I,

..gerre. I:hitless is not yet aseertained, jsn' essajma lt str
250 killed, „awl. 3.60 wounded, for wheat I implore-tile as=
simnel) of the loyal inhabitants,
• Note—Afterwards the account mention§ t'.e corps and
individuals who tli.ti nenished-themstelves, end makes-epos&
pous enlogiam.of the foreign legion which is; the various
.
chargeteltilled'e great member of the enemy, and took no
prisoners, asseng whom are-fi officerer"'" '
pampeluna is added to the list of french vanquish in.,
Spain. iteppears that the garrison was too weak to resist
a general attack ; and that a capitulation took place on the
17th inst. it is aot•so much the loss of the town that is
to heiament'd, es the liberation of the army employed in
the siege, to reinforce the army of Moneey.",,relio is so well
employed by the Constitutionalists in Catalonia. If, how-
ever, the feelings of the inhahitants in Pampeluna are so
'decidedly in favour of the Constitution as they are sail to,
be, it may not he possible to keep those feelings in cheek with
ales. force than has been occupied in the reduction of that im-
portant fortress; and in such a case the victory will he the
mere gaining nf another post to defend. Yet those continned
successes on the part of theFrench,followed as they seem to
'be by a tame arquiescence on the part of the great injoiirl,
of the Spaniards, are not calculated' to add to the prospect
of final success—and we must • allow that without more
energy than has been generally' exhibited, the cause of .
*parish independence will linger in abeyance for years;
though we are confident that the embers of freedom cannot
be extinguished, and that the King and the Inquisition are
plagues that cannot be effectually restored in Spain. Dur-
ing the contest between Great Britain and America, the
Republicans were often placed in the most trying situations.
They had to fight their way through the thickest gloom, and
to encounter the' most terrible privations. Thousand.
shrunk from the difficulties, and deserted the public cause.
Treachery bend its way into their ranks, and treason into
their counsels. 'Losses after losses assailed theist; and often
the frail barkio which their liberties were freighted, ap-
peared to be engolphed in the agitated weans. Yet they
ultimat..ly triumphed. But, then, they were very different•
men fro's the Apanierthi. Indeed i,t is only Is Catalonia, at'
Cadiz, and Coronet, that we have fonnd any worthy or the
"cause in which
.they were struggling. A most frightful
ignorance prevails among a great portion of the populace-
of Spain; and an iglus' ant population is,in reality the' swinish
oiultitude'inwhichtyrannydeliehteth. Born in slavery,—:
nit'sediti inbjeetioo, and accustomed to submit,they have not
either (10. courage, or desperation of the outraged African'
who is taught by his immediate and personal injuries, the
desire of wreaking his vengeance on the head of his op-
pressor. The Emperor of Austria, on his journey through
Italy, turned away from the proofs of literates with, die:
gust. Disposition and superstition find rabbles their most
support : and wl.en the vanity of the crown and the mitre
has affected to foster learning to buy its adulation, it has
:celessetitted as Finssne letal.sos error as the Trojans did In
'levelling their walls. to admit the wooden horse, in which
'iris secreted its iinpending fate. Had tyranny been wises
'the piss of elqiiiry Would hive been prescribed as a more
!oral furor tl;as .the sword of. rebellion. It would have
:been more eager to demolish the press, than to reduce
any rampart lowrs log with eattoon. It should have
.coofined all Its efforts to the degradation of the mind;
instead of the mercies of the body. Bat eternal Provi
Acnce seems to have counteracted the evil, by rendering it
productive of good. Coercion appears to have been
inecesssry to bring the wandering savage within the pale
of social life; and then enquiry and experience teach
him, that the coercion most he abolished, before the so lat
life can be enjoyed in perfect happiness. New States make
a more rapid Pragress to this enjoyin ust, than those "where
the prejudices are of longer standing. The mind sears to
take a constitotional bia's to Error, in certain cases; as the
countenance •talos its case of feature and expression, from
long coutinued intercourse between the same class of the
apeaies.

A Morning paper, which requires so nsention,es it is for
timetely the oily disgrace of the Morning press of Os • :
nietroitilis,is very desirous that Generals Vigo ask 'Mtge
shonlcFbe• brevity to justice on a charge of having "del
.sewar*/ ,Ita*its.,% We have no objection to ails diets if
the tatter round to all the Culprits t. for
them 1111 •siWitld have King Louie, the French Ministry
and our Ureat !lAptair, tried fur .the shooting of Marshal
Ney, still the pliant Lahedoyerci. Vigo, and Riego4 we
have no doubt,- would have excellent defences to make:
—as •their Tiede)* were trailers leagued wi tii, a
libretto
.omany, ao !moray the. cause of Spain
ieithe the straw, yet test; end were punished ander the heatl
ad feelings excited by a perilous situation : while the victims
of thd Bourbons Cud the Greateaptain, were barbarously shall
In cold blood. In defiance. o( ffnrital parintieirtheir :NO*
end at a period, wee lel., and when the thirst*
blood alone could live dictated their execution. Ow Ultra
should never..."o“.Aitplty. as a fault. Every cease has
been ton math stained by tt but wanton, malignant. sod isld
blooded ourder,isirealtdr albs cause of espouse,

• • " Preach valour." out of its great merey,itili „pauses be-
fore Cadis. After the gallant Prince Hilt bad refused to.
grant a respite. even for a day, it appears that three or four'
more days were requisite to perfect the preparations far at.•
tack; a. ea the 11th In..was written that " in a very fit/
dayit,tnisd aetiM iliould absolutely be mule." Thai
Pronci continue to ionise us with their oontridictoeyi
ishisnsicaßtits. For iustaoee, the following ire cognac,'
ties aiataitles:—+egVeey thing is in confusion at Cadiz.'
declaring that the means
;were Ineiglideit; Thipaeassents ere tons sip, mod the
'royk oftkt houses Mitred will earth." Such exertions
s those InsiMmitiomil, ire seldom the result of cogforion
or siesiingsli*sitiait-sidence a determination which ie
worthy of assiess:`

•1:

itinong other novelties of this morning, we are told that
tint:consistency of the English Government is its grand
chiracteristic ; and that to which it owes its imposing cha-
racter with the nations of the world. This is exemplified
in its steady refnssl to protect the interests of our merchants
with gayest to She New Government of South America;
because it was not just to interfere between Spain sad her
late colonies, when it was qnite evident that the • mother
donntry had lost all control over them. Instead of consis.
tency, this would have been gross folly, had it arisen from
such a motive; but it was even worse than folly, for it
arose out of the hatred borne by the English Cabinet to the
princi,tles upon which those governments were founded ;
and to this hatred has been sacrificed a policy which
justice and humanity imperiously dictated—a policy
which would have soon terminated a sanguinary strug-
gle, and placed the British interests in the New
World, on a just and therefore permanent basis. Of
England is so fallen, so abj.ct, as to need a leader in 'an
honest cause ; if our ministers are such despicable cowards,
as not to dare to take a step. until souse more intrepid na:
lion has furnished the example, surely when America
recognised the independence of the New Republics, and
that too without any remonstrance from Old Spain,—
iarely then the English Ministry might leani veatsred to
do the same. Bat the REPUBLIC stuck in their throats.
They could not say " Amen" to the est perpetno of the new
principle; and as far at the merchants of England have
been dealing with South • America, they might .as well
have been without a Government at all. They
are now about to take measures to call upon the Government
to interfere against the probability of the French obtaining
a roofing in that quurter, under the idea that the Ultras of
Spain may attempt to pay France for the restoration of
despotism at home by a cession of a portion of South Ame.
rica. But the merchants who are con,emplating this step
do not seem to remember that our administration has no
objection to Spain itself becoming a colony of France; any
misetthan Blind to Naples and Sicily becoming appendOts
of the Attorian Italian. provinces. The coward policy of
*tie cabinet is such, that it dare neither speak, nor move, if
thetels,the slightest probability that its words,or its actions
will be noted. The request of the merchants, therefore,
'}mold be simply that the new governtneats of the Soutl ,
should he recognized Infi,re the Bourbons, forbid such an
act; for our iloriou4 Cabinet would not ventnre to recap
nize them, after the French Cabin& had formally declared
that they still belong, or bad been transferred to France.

The Courier Francais contains a latter from Vienna, on
the subject of the approaching meeting, between the great
Potentates. Our Ministers have for some time been re•
eel vine and dispatching cotitiers at a great rate from and
to time East, and we shall probably soon find an explanation
of the cause for all this bustle. An Engineer Offi er of dis•
tinction has, we see, been dispatched overland so the lamas
Islands, to inspect the fortresses there. We are now on the
point if reaping the fruits of tae predilection of oar Mi./wen for legitimacy.
A letter received yesterday from Valencia, dated the 6tb
ids•., state that the Prench had sustained a repulse before
Tarragona.. The u'most discord prevailed in all the towns
in the east of Spain between the French and the party of
the Regency.
Accounts were received yesterday from Maranham,.A

way of Havre, dated the Ste of July. The Governor stil,
held tiliplace foe Portugal, in opposition to the emperor's
Government at Rio Jaueiro ; but so feebly, th gt it was sap•
posed the first frigate which eoeld he spared for that desti-
nation.would effect a change of puli,lcal attaluent. Trade
was wholly at • stand. •
Mr. Jarlsoe, the British Commissioner under the article
of the 'neat), of Ghent which relases to the surrender toll
raptured property at the duet of the war of Is!!, and Mr.
Cheves, the Commissioner on the part of the United Stites
nnder the same article, arrived at Washington on the 2!n.&
yes•erdey St -Herbert Taylor held a Levee, as Secre.
tart' the Commander-in-Chief, at his Mice, in the
Horritinartb. .
Mr..Cansiiag entertained the new Portuguese Charge
d'Affaires it dinner, on Saturday, at tiloncester Lodge.
Earl Fitz‘‘illimilhas accepted the invita:ion of the Ma.
nufactus en of Sheffield to dine with thew, and has named
the 30th of 0. tuber for that purpose. It is expected the
County AleMbers will also be invited.
Ma. lIRAIIAM THE AERONAUT.= By a letter from Chelt.
entails's this toot ring, tee learn that Mr. Graham, in cense-
wiener of the wet and hoisterons weather .yesterday, has
postponed his ascent till to-morrow. Notwith.standing
the state of the atmosphere and of the roads, creeds had
been posting in (rein every quarter. and the town was *
teem of extraortliw.ry hustle and anxiety. If the weather
rave favourable to-morrow, an assemblage etrtaily large
ivas expected.
We learn that the words Ciod's Scotland," in our report
of Mr. Brougham's speech et Glasgow, should have been
" broad Scotland."
Mr. Wilkie, IL A., is making a painting of his Majesty
entering the Palace of Ilulyrood House, and receiving the
ken.
Dr. B.iillie, the eminent physician, is said to be danger.
rowdy ill. near Cirencester.
The Rev. Dr. Buist has been presented to the chair of
Church' History; in St. Andrew's and that of Oriental
,I.hturnagee has Neer; conferred upon the Rev. Mr. Baird.
The celebrated Caledonian preacher, it appears left tows
yesterday for Canshridge, &c. on his way to Sem) sad, and
ie. not expected to resume his pulpit in Hatton tiardea
Sill towards the end of November.
•BAPTISAIAL IMMERSION Or AN istrasty.---Tlie Exeter
Gazette informs as, that on Sunday. the 14th inst. was bir-
died by his father, with trine immersion, in the font
pf Littlikam Church. after the second lesson at evening
Digolf. Pont-thetas, first-horn of the Rev. Prebendary
Dimas, B. C. L. It adds that this is -probably. the first
instance of scriptural and primitive mode of alma glistering
Artois baptism since the Restoration.
• lir. Meanie, our readers may remember, has beets
may anxious to dis burnish himself by the revival
est 'customs and opinions that originated in dark
and bigoted ages. He lately strove to have the convoca-
tion of the Clergy restored *fib their wonted power, end
has been the warmest opponent of Catholic Claims, and all
Religious innovations. , ,
The Arehires du Clirlsteasignie, a periodical work pub-
Felted in Pails, contains toe, extraordinary intelligence that
on the 6th of April last, SI. Herotoffer the Roman Catholic
Rector of the parishes of Itullisausei nod Steer s.:g, in the
Becky of Baden, io tiermany.srich the Baron di Usendingen.
big hensehold, and forty other families,. isakieg so all
till *mono. oattlielv •M‘rillshehe: Reformed Relights is
tbeSitignorial Chapel of fittyneyg; after which the adults
received the Holy Consomuton according to the rites's(
'ihe Protestant Church. Thelid:ktlngreremony took place
in a Roman Catholic country. in Ass amidst of a vast alt
win hi Ige of personages o(4ff:ft ntprii¢iousdemands:adults,
• Rhea' Ike smallest interipktion or.ditorder. ,
•

~~: ..

?di Of

night w
polities!
Foil' w
cool, hi
will non
Puerto I
Pia; ba

IMP
free io
their lit
t.
We shoo
latter.
France.
Mon of
the on
The Iti
rhino, I
try sari
stupioli
than •
them
with 2
eamuill
the 1.1
proluir
the tii

amps
lion to
Gaille
eared
cto.n
of the
buttes

TI
Übe
cow
tom
ship
11 11
Cam

IA
Wil
14.
Pr I 1

A, I
Alp
?lei
tea
Fb
is 1
'" •

tea,

•,~,i
,~

Italssstss tralistrikistiest
attstk Cads. sr meal

J• • SPAIN.

odullewing article from • Cork paper arrived this
g,: °sn ainsr an interestioo addition to the intelli-
vievioissly received respectieg the exertions and site-
;tpf Rielre"—""
rWe have been ravi•nrell o'er the posishrouwermoniie
woitertived in this City yesterday, from liihealvar,
esseshefith tilt.; from which we are led to believe, that
goperipettent events, of wlsith no *rennet has yet been
neither in England or this Country, have taken
Jae se the Solt!, of Spain, and from which iurfortant
wilipissuges are expected to follow.
. sane letters to which we allude—and we have seen
thospu lour titan one. botise—do nut state the portico.
1 oiavede Odor a supposition that they most have
iglifilsi4 gviatily transmitted through some other channel ;
e
*tor engagement which toast place at Tariffs between
higelviela ind Spaniard., in n Wei. the former were de-
tokaaddriero btwk to AI gesinis ; the great exertions
',for at Statics• where he had assembled a force of
ir thansanil picked menonil other nrcent•sucresees in that
~,t 01 Spsin. are spoken of as events likely, in the minds
54. motels of the letters, to create a reaction in favour of
irotional cause throughout all Spain.
e 0 sweet th it of these events, e heaver they have been,
4 segeepat 'bean suffered to reacts these couutries through
opelegaw of the
.piench Press, from which, necessarily. we
Oged to collect all our Information of whet is passing In
:piatiett, and particularly in the South of it, the ship
floraotragbf thence at any of our own or the •Eng•lsit ports
misol
vermtively so few, and at such remote Intervals, as
Bletargoigisaee to be ohtained from these channels
ee, sod abeefore little sought after.
omit o whie`i we are now a.lverti g is of the same un-.
mauled eharseter; but as it evidently refers to events of
thisth no account bed been previously reteived, and of which,
Wroth, we are yet without any particulars. we communicate
ites we dndsit noticed to the letters, hoping that the next
arrinis wilt realixeMe vlsite:4 which we are thus taught to in-
doger...Orrelltere &Porter-)
MAIMID. Vert B.—The tiff& of the Troradero on the
night of the Slat. alt., I do not consider of any great
patheal or Milimey consivence ; it only places the Duke
alhethhieete le the same sou aim, the French Army under
terlt was in for near Orr. e years, during the last war; the
eithidarnixer, across the Trocadero, rut in the year 1813,
wil sow enable the French to communicate by sea with
Real, which they could not do in Nil by the passige
r" illatag.othi and Pointales, and this advantage may
to an alt irk upon the Carom., and even upon the
Pet pules+ there is trearhery on the part of those who 1
•b
min command (and I MP sorry to say this is genersl'y
leattaiiith the tits ), the attempt will not be made by 'the
Faillekethave news front Ca liz to t ie 34l inst. ; provisions
wierhiglovat plenty, even fruit aril vegetables, but some.
11'4 dieter than °anal. • The time, however, approaches
when the sea block tide will be merely nominal, and thee'
regular supplies will be sent frasu 6tbr.ltar and Africa. Ne-
erotiailtnis are now at a stand.
The following extract of s letter from Spain, written by
s Garde du' urpt, is etirims, as furnishing a corrolooratioa,
Wu a'Tiar:tir tot to be %averted of favouring the Con.
aitsiional party, of the letter deseriln figs the state of Spain
Thies we inserted some trove hark. Is is said the writer is
1110011 to hrn 41a-el:tined French Royalist :
.• We were rooter snot and on tonseback all last night—
"deed this is almost inv : riehly the ease every Sunday and ,
lest day, ar;d that fur almost nothing. It is enough that .
a fey all.ets should he help' in the neigishourhood—t hat i
*people should get tot:ether in groups—and often ee
small w
on t'se alert in conspa owe of false intelligence, or
act the Fog lists call a hoax. To the devil it irk loch a
oar as this: I believe that allairs will not be so soon ar-
ranged here as MIT he im seined in Paris. Those who
throw the erestest obstacles in the way of the negociation
seethe Spanish Royalist., who wish fur an absolute King.
territude, and the liotitotisti. Hut at present we can
efeisk esiiri.istivi to flirtu, and they must be a little or so
free in spite of themselVes. The Liberals look upon us as
their liberators, and the Koran: s are consequently (Hasa-
t' 6ed with us, and I should not he surprised if before long'
we should heybligtol to wake use of our anus against the
letter. Here it it exactly toe contrary of what exists is
France. (This passage ties Iv indicates the politieaLopi•
DWI of the writer.) 'Die Spanish Constitutionalists are
the mom reterinehte and respesouhle part of the nation.
The Itoyalist•party is chiefly composed of Monks, Calm:
chine, sad other species off; ocassds, nub which tide coon- i
try swertus, who keep the I' people in ignorance,
stupidity. atill'itiiieratitton, so that they are nothing better
than • park of slaves who kiss the very hands that load
them with dieing.' to a word, the *Loyalists in Spain,
aids a very few, exeeptiona, nasty lie set down as veritable
'goalie." AYR(' sane oth sr re&tctiona iu the nine strain,
the ktei.thus coneindes:—" If we are to believe what is
promised us, rt welds sod honours are to be showery' upon
the King's household troops (Maisua da lloi) after the
campaign is over. lint at present there is to be no norm
in made of .sticii a thing. • This is owing to Major-lire.
tisilleminot, who is by no means our friend • and be as-
pired there is no lave lost hetween us. It also proreeda
Peon the Duke sl'Astenelesne fearing to excite the murmurs
slew artny,if he shotild too /peel? favour us. We have had
butter little toboart.of from his since our arrival here !"

Sill PPINti INIF.I.I,I6ENCE.
flue., September 22.—Wind West.—.leriied and sailed for
fie litter, the. Maria, Williams. and turd Nelson. Huncsa, ;
from Quebec; Priace of °fatter, litstatiy. from Miramichl.—
Arrived also and vs lied for Hull, the So erei an, Willis. from
Qurhee.—Came down from the River the henry, Pustrhtge.
for Jamaica, 6p . .-I.he wind having backed to the .tits
whole of the OM tw.r.i hound h.re s died.
Petrintot• rim, Sepiembur ul.—Wind N.W.—Put back his
Idsjesty's ship Seringspatani, and the Russian frigate Pread-
?dote.
Porrualier, 41.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Mary
laireleeghorom Lie.rpoot for St. Mi ••ture.' I .iter being ont
In
lays, very lesloy.--bailed his Majesty's gulp Thetis on a
vibe. .
Cower,'September ?2.—Arrived the Commercial. Talbot,
ieseltert-au-Prince. aaneltors and cables, and part
sf bet cargo thrown rivet board. hat tat been on shore.—An
*pen boatttas been picked up elf the Needles, with Cherry. 'of
Waterford. on het' stem • I
Sawa Cauz...Tassa rue; Ancest I3.—Wr have had two
Medi prices brought in here by Priveterra. ailed out lid Co.
•Tosse, ear of .shicu criveat yesterday; It it a .large ship from
lain% boand to frame, with a cargo valved at half a mil.ion
I Of•IlMlass."1 ; • •

The Bianawiek, Of Dull, hes ariiiid oil' Aberdeen, from the
14/107 in Ra,Me's Bay.,and she brings very 'favourable ac-
tuate from all .thitiliips employed io ibis branch of British
commerce. • 'The fOltoning stotemect .of the fishing of each
sbip has been transmitted to Lloyd's ell ships. the Abram
11 fish. Albion Ili, Andrew Msrvel li, Brunswick SO, Comet 8,
Camtitiastikiltancolto 14. Ellison 11, Isola 9, Jane S. Pro-
gress 12, William 12, Zephyr Is; Whitby ships, James 9.
Phealx 14, William sad Ann 16; Newcastle ships, Cove IS,
Lad; jog. to; Lath ships, Born Castle IC North Pule 14.
Wbbalre and Ann 10; iiirialtiy ships. Cairdnahs let Rambles!
14. Triad 8; Doncee 'fillips. Advice t,, nitrides 14. Vairy 10,
Prism Charlotte 12, Thomas 211; Aberdeen ships, Alexander
t lotz:reord. a full ship, Den A, Ythan ho; Peterhead ships,
HI, Dee... 043,18, Hannibal IS. Reselation lb, Stipa-
the'V. isil theTraveilee b. 'On the mhele,apeearances ere
remirkaWy fssooralde, ski the deficiency in the Greeidand
lilsheitr sill -probably be amply recoalpinsed -by the success
m Divies Straits.
, .
""'"•""""'A—",
TM eallitelists in these manufacturing districts hate
ilankstri) horreit by the late rise in tfieyrice. of cottons,
trMW.ntly *serried that a rich house in tile neiteitltonrs•
Of alackbarti • hit realized nisAirds of 40,0001. by
qPiniation the rise is attributed ta the ittereord
.11/1.404 4r, le!.. teartecestples tosAp tatfaings•—iihr
cietildir
Cosner)

.. IRELAND.
•.i • • -www--

SPOI

liffauogrict..

BETTING AT TATT—ERSALL'S—Serr. 22.
DERBY, 1624.-6 to 1 sgst Swise.-0 to 1 agst Refortne--116
to I agat any other.
DONCASTER NT. Leine,
AllS2l—ora f. I 5 toand I ea
Di c
adem—h was
20 takto len
about Swiss, The Miller, tisid
egat Streatham—SO to I egg Alfred.
TROTTING MATCH FOR 200 SOVEREIGNS.—Capt. Bullock's
Match to trot his Lancashire horse Tramper, nide miles in
thirty minutes, took place yesterday morning over s mile cir-
cle, at Eldon, Epping Forest. Immense sums were pending
on it.
The Match was won without once breaking from the trot,
and apparently without mu:11 labour.
Howts:o MATCH.—Yrsterday. afternoon the flongerford
Prize was contended for by eig,-.t pair of oars, end decided in
three heats, by young wateymen, nelonging to those stairs.—
The conditions were, that .the first two boats in the that acid
second heats were to be entitled to contend for the grand
prize. The competitors accordingly took their station from
buoys situated In the centre of the river opposite the Adeiphi,
to row twice round a boat, moored off the Speaker's House.
Westminster, down the north shore, round the floating bath at
Waterloo-bridge, and back to the Prize Wherry, laying oT
Ilungerford Stairs. lu the first hest. Purple and BM* dis-
tanced their opponents, and in the second, Green and Brown
won with ease.
About six o'clock, the contest for the Grand Prize took
place by the successful caneidates in the preceding beats. F„ir
some time the competitors kept alongside each other, antimony
friends of the parties became doubtful who would be the win-
ner ; but Beckett and Braithwaite (green) biking the lead.
suee°eded in maintaining their distance, Rad finally won the
prier, widen they leaped into, earrounded by their friend*.

CORONERS' INQUESTS.

Yesterday afternoon the Inquest was retuned, at the.
S tvorpalace tavern, Savoy-street, Strand, en t ?ts.
Stephens.—Elizabeth Brunton, of 16. White Horse-yard,
Shinbone-street, Clare-market, deposed she knew the i.e.
ceased for about a month. On last Thursday evenin e
about lialtpast eleven o'clock, she went with the deceased
slung Wellington-street, to the steps of Waterloo-bridge.
The deceased went down the steps. and she (witness) le•
%tuned into the Strand. When site left the deceased, she
was perfectly sober, and very. lively. She was positive the
deceased had no intention of drowning herself. In a few
minutes afterwarils she heard a dreadful screaming front
the bridge tollhouse, and she lets informed that a gi•l
had drowned herself; but she had no idea it was the de-
ceased.—Eliza Crawford, of the British wine house, Exit-
ton-street, Strat!, lived in the same house as the deems. d.
They were loth " 'info! titivate" women. Oa Thusstiae
night, tne deceased told her " that sh • intended to drown
herself." She thought this was only a joke. On that
night the deceased appeared to be rather wore for liquor.
She wept, and took her hand, and spoke v• ry feelingly of.
her parents; and on patting, the deceased pressed her
hand again and said " yim null probably not see nie any
morr."—John Chatter•on, the keeper of the wine boast-,
Exeter-stret t, deposrd that the deceased lodged at lii
house, and was in good spirits on Thursd ty night, when
she left. - Crtiss-exemined—Witnesa rents the house of Mr.
Arnold, of the English Opera House, and hits it out in
tenesuents to females.—Jelin 31aynarii, of No. 10, Cromwe'l
Buildings, ll,liimersinith dep ised that on Thersday night,
about twelve n'elo •k, having tin ldging*, he eent to -the
steps of Waterloo bridga , in coiling to sleep in a nook
there, for the night. As lie walk 41 down the steps, he
saw the deceased by the aide of the water. at the liovom of
the steps; when lit first saw her, be was about 15 steps from
the s eiteasial. Sae threw herself into the water as he w.is
descending the steps. He was posi:ive she ilid not fall in
accidentally ; she pitched herself in head foremost.—By a.
Juror.—Hr nevi r said to the witness, Mr. Wolloxall, that
she threw her-elt liackeelrds into the water. The Coroner
read the evidence of Mr. Wollusall, in which he stated.
that this eittiess told him the der ea.ed threw herself in
boeltseards. Another witness said sit lent the decras-d
1 sixpence on Thursday night; she was then in deep dis-
tress ; and when the body was bumf only a halfpenny :was
found in her pocket. The Coroner said, that it the Jury
gave credit to the boy Maynard, the deceased wilfit'll
reused her own deaths by drowning, and the circumstance
of the girl being a poor wretched outcast, in a state of de-
spair, confirmed such a supposition; but it was for-thetas
to decide, and particularly as to her state of mind at • the
Drowned herself in a state of temporary
mental derengement."
Ats it.quest was held at the Albany Arms. Camberwell,
on the toady of Mrs. Isabella Ilarpnr. Wtn. Mason, a
waiter at the Albany Arms, stated, that as he wag crossing
the Alliany Road Bridge on Thursday. he heard a splash-
ing ire the water of the Canal; he ran to the side of tire
hank, and sew Mrs. Ilarpur struggling-in the water, and
floating down. Ile instan•ly procured assistance, an 1 the
batty was 'ak-n out, and carried to the Albany Arms,
where means were used to restore her. Mr. T. Long, the
proprietor of the Albany Arms, sta•eil when the deceased
Was brought to his house, she appeared to he dead. A ant-
gron was sent fur, but all attempts to restore animation
proved fullness; tile tlce.easeil was an elderly (ensile,
resi-
ding in the neighbourhood. Verdict —" Died tram
Drowning."
Another inquest was held yesterday at the Adam and
Eve, Rotlierhillie, on the body of a young man named
Charles Jacobs. The deceased and ten other young stem
went to bathe iii the .hi II Pond, at • Itotherbithe ; the !-
teased undressed lirst, and leaped into the water; he rat
into the stream, the tide being strong, he wan c irried
down, and lie stink under water ;his einsipanions, t ho (mid
not swim, got a boat, and after some time suecce led 1.1
taking. out the body, but it was lifeless. Verdict —" Acci-
dentally Drowned.'
Another inquest was held at Lambeth, on the body of
James Dunning. Mr. John {tonna, of Welheck tee .5,
stated that can Friday he saw the tieceaseil at the corner of
St. Donstaa's Hill, Tower Street, standing with cards in
Iris band, advertising one of the steam packets, whirls tha
deceased gave to the persons passing. As a hark, •y
coach was passing, the deeraited ran up to the %vitalise', an.l
handed one of his cards to a person inside; and as be was
rittnrning to the foot parvinent, another coach, going in
ate opposite direction, came sliing the street anti the pale
struck him, knocked him down, and his head came in vtin
lent contact with the edge of the curb stone. Verdict
" Accidentally killed." Deo:land Is.

It has been reported for severrl days, tint Mrs. Stuart, of
the itanelagh convent, has relapsed into her former state of
debility. We should regret this circumstance on account
of the individual : but for the sake Oulu'', we wish the fact
of the case was ascertained, he use: if true, it might rend
to satisfy the lower classes as to the nature of the Hohoilohe
miracles.—(Dublin Juurial
CORONER'S INQUEST AT CAMBERWELL, ON SATURDAY.—
We are desired by Mr. lloitgood, the husband of the un-
happy young woman, on Who.se body the inquest was belil
at Causberwell,on Saturday, to correct a few particulars of
the statetueutwe gave ye.terday of the proceedings._ Au.

i
