.. --~-

.~~ .

. • •

V

..•~~

7ousisal
Value of
llb. of An 4
Silver in

"VaTue of
lib. of ins
Gold in
pounds
Sterling:.

fineness of
Gold.

Denomfoatipn
of Pieces. '

Waiflst per lb.
• ''roc.

Nominal Cala,.
•

pounds

46 grains.

carats. I
a ; 4 gr•

the Ow, B
supposed
be the first Oa

40 Starlings. or
Silver Pennles ;
but allerwardst!
•
6 Sal9l‘of
Shillings.
es. Sd. or Halts
i Mark.
.1 Do.
° Do.
.1
lOs.

Coin.
The FLoitErca
or FLostig.
I The Nests

log grains.

I, 24-111 t
I, 8-37th

136 Stith grains•

Do.
Do.
The Ryer. or
Rear..
The Amier..

128 gr. the Nob.
.
AO gr. the Noh.
De.'the Ryti.

'm gr. the Angel
2441 gr. the bob

6s. o€l.
20s. or IL 'Pie
first piece of it
value coined
England. 1
153.8 d. the G.Noll:

The doves Lion
or doable R)al•

r, 9.101 d

Theelenbos
NenLe.
The CaO'.w

71, 1-9th gr. the
O. Nob.
61,11-enh tr-
ibe Crown.
200 gr. the Soy
90 gr. the Ang.
192 gr. the Sor.
Do.

The Sovereien
iusd the Angel.
Do.

214. the Soy.
Ss. the Angel
245. the tiov.

Do.

go gr. the Ang

Rs. the Angel.

Do.

The Sovereign
and the Angel.
Do.

100, 3-Bth gr. the'

245. the Not

Bov.
174, frStli gr. the,
Soy.
Do.

30s. the Soy.

20s. the Soy.

De.

Do.

Vs. the Soc.

171, 8-13th gr. the,
Boy.
Do.

Ns. the Boy.

20s. the Soy.

171, 7-Sth the
boy.

Do.

10s. the Angel.

20i. the SOT.
4

1 154, 7.Bth the
Unite, and after-
wards 1404 gr.
:1131 the Roseß,
and afterwards
HMI gr.
Do.

130 s. the Rose ft
13s. the Spur it

DO.

64, 64-69tIt gr.
the Angel.
140, 26-4 ht gr.
the Unite.

105. the Angel.

Os. the Unite.

120, 3-Bth gr.
1 Guinea.

21. k. the Guinea'
when first is:med.',
but passed often;
for 2bs. and even)
300. At length
tied at 91s.

Do.

Do.

Do.

20s. the Sot.

Do.

4; 1.

A SKETCH: OF TfTE PRINCIPAL, VARIATIO •
THAT NAVE TAREN PLACE IN THE GOLD COINAGE OF E!COLAND,' .•

Yu—, a oil or
the roPor"
ties of fine
fOlverto-ine
11144 d.

it, caoth

15, 15-10114
13, 43-1111

IV, lAt-VSlth
11, 11119NSIA

i 1, 151-935t1t

6-llth

li, 9-11th

r, 1-1111 c,
1;141-19Ist

3s-iitsti

S. 5,33 d

►, 36-dfith

58-137th

111, T-20th

11, 11-191st
1

111, 1-10th

k" 1-10th

110, 818-062 d

12, 166-1705

107-110

not aneei%-
tained.

.ti , ,

13, 24.2.77311 k

it. 331-13162 d

.1,...................•
~.....,..."
i-' "

• !.; •

:: .T.

lb, 28•13lith

IL le3-272

m. vi-336th

latiAk4orl
tlimsd.

. . "

fensive. On the other hand, letters from Route of the
20th, mention the arrival of the Van Guard of the
Austrian army, in the environs of that capital.
In an article irons Vienna dated Feb. 22. it is stated,
that the Prince Regent of the Two Sicilies has ad-
dressed an affectionate letter to his father on the subject
of the message of the Duke de. Gallo. In this letter he
Irentinds him of the oath he had taken to preserve the
ousting Constitution, and slescrilws to him the danger
la which the Royal Family are placed in case of a war.
The journey of the Emperors to Trieste and Veuice
appears fur the present to be deferred.
FLOARO, FEB. 19.—Yesterday, a corps of 10,000 noes,
infantry and cavalry, began to defile. To-morrow,
15,000 are expected to commence their movensents.
' BERLIN, Fen. 20.—1 t is now certain that the lituft
Prussia will not repair to Laybacb, nor to any
place where Congress may be appointed.
!Numeric, Feu. 21.—The first division of tile s
trian army, under the Grand Duke of Baden,
has arriAuved
at Salzburg. After a sojourn of 2.1 hours, it proceeded
towards Trent. The last Courier from Italy states,
that the Austrian head planers were already at.Siennhe la,
and the advanced guard in tl.e States of the .Pope. T
Elector of Hesse died yesterday morning, inconsequence
of an apoplectic lit. lle was 17 years of age.
Melees from Venice, slated Feb. 21, announce intel-
ligence to have been received from Prevesa, of the 29th
of January, of the complete defeat of Al,l PACRA. OMAR
PAVIIA intercepted the correspondeuce of Au, with the
Suliottes. By this means be discovered the intentions
lof Au to attack the Royal Camp. The engagemeat
took place, and Au lost his best °Seers and his most
faithful soldiers. The victors obtained a considerable
booty. The complete ruin of Au was anticipated.
Faarscu. Furstm.—Five per Cents. $3l. 15c.—Bank
Actions, 14-1. 54k• __oasis.--

PRIV ATE CORRESPONDENCE.
Madrid . Feb. 25.
Although the inconvenienees which are inseparable
from a reform that substitutes freedom from slavery,
moderation for rioletree. still continue to be i...% in the
Pesinsula, the country is generally tranquil, and
should the Ministers of Ferdinand have wisdom enough
to take adventure of their position, there is no doubt
of Spain soon recovering all that strength and rigour
so necessary for the consolidation of her newly acquired
freedom.
The preparatory meetings of the Cortes commenced
on the 20th. On the Ist of March the general assem-
binge and opening will tike place, when 1 shall again
witness the glorious ceremony which we saw together
on the 9th of last July, repeated. The papers will
have informed you of the King's indisposition; it is now
remoted, but he does not appear so frequently iss public
as formerly. A considerable ponies of the body
guard are still prisoners, and about 70 of them have
bean delivered over to the civil power for trial. lihe
will most probably be set at liberty by a row
Whoa of the Code*.
The President made an excellent speech at the
rows inntl of the 20th. Amongst other remarks
Clibserrid, that the circumstances of the nation and
Of all Europe.. demanded measures the west strong.
energetic. and rigorous; that the :meg the Spanish
Itepresentstiyes guided by liminess ant bendiest abed
msteense all obstules. "Oar only object," said he,
is the prosperity of ear behind Causteis I promot-
iag this, we *half falsity the interests of Earope gem.

. .

I

rally.
and
rethas the , r---.---oloni 0 ed.rivenitittiests.,, . . .
.. to our Con-
.
I leave no doubt but that the Session will be one of
great difficulty ; the pols are filled with deliniptents of ,
variant descriptions, and more particularly of those'
deluded. wretches who bare been la away by the priest-
hood to oppose the new order (*things. As yet no ex-
ample -has been wade, and until justice be done, it is in
vain to hope for the conspiracies to cease.
The whole of thteommercial System is also in want of
'biiinediate* revision; the prohibiting regulations have
operated most injuriously, so that nothing but the utmost
i blindness and obstiturcy can intervene to prevent a to.
phal of the laws so hastily and inconsiderately made at
s have beeo, to regard the
ortal enemies. Lord Castle-
tnbrelicail:osgisehi:oifinatsibesttrlhyaesut
sStpeeshsteiionrarind.
reagli's circular has served to inspire a little wore coon-
.dence. though there are not persons wanting, who say
that Hagfish as well as French sold has been employed
to foment the conspiracies! The Declaration of the
Holy Alliance, assembled at La bath, appeared in the
Official Oasette two days ago: this is of course a subject
of general conversation at Madrid, and there is no lon2er
a doubt entertained, that if Naples falls, Spain will be
attacked in her turn. The best politicians here say, that
the day on which the Allies march against the Peinnsuls,
will be one of the Most fortunate it has experienced for
many years!

lIXTRACT OP A PRIVATZ LIATTIM 71101 E NAPIAIS, DAVID
ren.l3.
When I wrote my last few hasty lines, I was misin-
formed as to the exact day she Parliament here would
meet, In take into consideration the important news
which it was well known had arrived in Naples, respect-
ing the proceedings at Laybach. The Regent, that is,
the old lung's eldest son, went this moning to open the
Parliament, which was, as you may suppose, uncommon-
ly crowded, not only by the natives but also by foreign-
ers, amongst which were many English ladies, as well as
gentleinen. The Regent, in his speech, directed his
Ministers to lay bofore Parliament all and every docu-
ment relative to the proceedings of Congress, to dissem-
ble nothing, to speak the truth and the whole truth, and
in a very animated manner concluded by expressing his
reliance upon I arliament, to take snch steps as to insure
the liberty and happiness of his sublets, which were in-
separalsb:t.rom his own, and that whatever, under the
threatening aspect of affairs, might be the fate of
time nation, on whose courage a;!.1 unanimity be
depended, he was resolved to shed the last
drop of his blood in the defence of his coun-
try. The King, or rather Regent, having retired,
amidst shouts of applause, which were continued and
utmintetruptemi till be arrived at the Palace, the official
notes from the Ministers of the High Allied Powers
were then read. Austria, Prussia, and Russia inskt
upon the restitution of things as they were previous to
the Constitution, and a guarantee, for the accomplish-
ment a this refines,. demand that all the principal
fortresses in the kingdom shall be garrisoned by Aus-
trian troops, aN tranquillity he restored to the kingdom.
The Members could scarcely bear to hear this dictatorial
language with decocum—these powers stated they were
resolute, nor did they mince the matter; fur they said
—" an army is already marching to your frontiers,
which troops, if received as friends, shall be paid for
and istaiotaifted at the expense of time High Allied ewers;
hut if any the least resistance be offered them, military
contributions shall he raised upon the ialrahitants to
defray the whole' expenses of the war. The note
front the blini.ter of France was very equivocal ;
it stated she would do all she could to mediate be-
tween the parties, and that if hostilities were mama-
teem* moaned to, She won declare herself,
further, from which it is inferred, she will declare
herself againt Naples. The note from tha n
British
!Meister was next read, which stated, i plain
terms, that England was determined to preserve the
strictest neutrality. Shouts of Viva gli loglese now
filled the House, which aith sires In pork, riser la li-
berts, el visa is Constitesioni, continued some time.—
To conclude—a Committee was appointed to take their
documents into consideration, and report to time House
the day after to-morrow. War must, of course, be
the inevitable consequenre, and the people here seem
all unanimous and resolute, .11 the troops are marched
to the frontiers, the guards go to-morrow, and the Re-
gent, himself, in the course of the week. As I said be-
fuse, vessels are already despatched to fetch the trooas
from Sicily ; beside this regniar army, which with time
militia are said to amount to 250,001.1 men, all the pea-
sants in the rovinces are armed, and if words are to be
believed ate determitied to conquer or die. It appears,
from what fell from the Duc de Hallo, who went to the
Congress, which be reached after many
sc
difficulties
thrown in his way re.pecting pass ports , E. by
all the States under the Austrian dominion, that
time old king, Ferdinand, alto is a Iris mow-
rais st•jet, betrayed the country; for notwithatand-
lug his oath to defend the Constution, be confessed he
did nut approve it, and that the revolution was brought
about by a small party of Verbonati—this was what the
Sovereigns wastes!, and the Due de Hallo, who at last
obtained an interview, found all representation vain, and
that they had not only resolved arm war, but already
given orders for the Austrians to march. Yesterday
rutting a new piece was got up at the Theatre, called
Love of Costatry, at which time Regent and all the
Royal Fanmily were present—the reception of the Re-
gent was most flattering ; for ten minutes nothing but
rims, Etc. were to be hearth, and the entisuaiasnt of a
most erorcded and respectable audience was greater than
any thing I ever witnessed any where: The advanced
guard of the Austrians is said to be at Sienna and I
suppose is about three weeks they will reach time fron-
tiers. They will certainly meet with a different recep-
tion to what they expect, although it is questioned whe-
ther the Neapolitans can prevent their marchingto Naples.
It win be a Hemline wat, and I fear a very bloody one.
Bonaparte, with all his tyranny, never committed such
an act of despotism, as this declaration of tile Holy Alli-
ance. Clod has furnished man with the means of
resist-
ing such oppression, and I past the Neapolitans will
*hew the world what a country bolted and atruggling
fur liberty can do. The old King, it is now tl eeeee glit,
will be recalled by the Parliament. to make his appear-
attee here within a certain time (which it is well kuuwo
he dues not intend to comply with), and in
case of re-
friaahhe will be dethroned, and the now. Regent reign
in his stead.
Naples itself was never so quiet, and there is no such a
thing as two patties—all petty mlifferencesare forgotten.
and the greatest unanimity prevail.. Besides th
flue.ere is
a guard of 15,000 compoie of the shopkeepers, et
the place, whoop sole business is to preserve the tram
guiltily of the town, and iu a Council if War it has
been declared, these troops shall make so resistants--.
indeed it is impossible that Naples should make any re-
sistance, there Wm no fortifications. All the rest of
Calabria, except within time immediate vicinity of this
town, is mountainoto, and 1 am pervaded. if the entre-
giesof time country be well directed, and their spirit
good, they will be abl.e to make an effectual resistance.
Thus, as England is neuter, the city of Naples will
Rot be the tbr.stre of war ; one Ausbaneador and Comsat
remain here, and many English travellers too.
A eirereepoadesit, whose letter appeared is our. paper
ef yestufday, adds auother to the number of appeals
already made to the nation, relative to the n ty of
calling public medlar to express our syme3i7 and
Leader out support to the.people of Naples. While we

. •

•

tesret that overwhelming tins of slemestie• Woof?
which breaks the spirit and cramp' the energies or
this once happy country, we perfectly agree with ski,
writer, that the Neapolitans are' fighting onr battles
is well as their own. We have frequently endeatineed
to rouse public attention to tliks momentous question;
and we again rail upon the virtuous and patriotic not
to confine their efforts in fat one of onr Neapolitan
brethren to were words. it is true,. a writer in no
Tines of yesterday, sees mut- reason to hope that the
people of Naples will triumph. however much we ae.,
mire the motives which dictated the article in Ism
tion, is it not calculated to dimisish that seal and able
exertions which England is bound to manifest ea this
occasion ? We have also some buoveledge of the suet
of the country. Its resources and means of detente,
great as they are, and all-powerful as the voice of liberty
may be in nerving the wrms of a people, we cannot ter
a moment lose sight of thole itinutnerable causes of it,.
gelieracv that have been operating foe' three Cen'uriet
in Italy, or on those, scarcely lees uutiemas,
interfere with its regenerati.n.
These and various other considerations for which"
want spare, 'bottle* us to guard. the public loom
being too sanguine as to the result of the present
test. Nay,.e. e boldly assert, that without soraistkieg
more than the good wishes and sterile prayers of
Europe, there is but too much reason to sppniteu,
the cause of human nature will be retarded on the bib
of Sainnisiiii at. l Lucanie, as it was not long rare.
(as the subeepsent conduct of the Allies has pup*
on the plain of Waterloo!

There was a time when tits patriot: of Wesuninsr*:
took a pride in leading the way to the rest of the
Empire ; they were not indifferent spectators of the
partition of Poland; and had that great and good man,
CHARLES Jams Fox, lived to witness the present
league of Kings against their people, we have no
hesitation in saving, that his irresistible eloquence
would have, 'ere this, been heard in the Abruzzi, and
animated the soldiers of freedom to crush their invaders.

in the House of Commons last night a variety
jects were brought forward which excited no sima de.
tree of animated discussson, hut on which the length of
the details, together with the other interesting articles
which occupy our columns preclude the admission of
comment. The intended motions, of the Cusweatiantof
the FAXVIIEQVER relative to Cash payments was pat.
plied to Monday se'nnight. The sketrh, however, of
the changes that have taken place in the gold coiasgeof
England which we promised yesterday, we take oceans'
to insert to day ; though fur the reasons previously as-
slimed, we most defer the remarks we intended. Tie
sketch, 'in the mean titne, will, to an attentive cu-
tler, sufficiently illustrate the points at which we
aimed. It will wee to show conspicuously the
arintrary and capricious manner, in which the Atm
tions have hens introduced by Ministers into the wok*
and nominal value of the tiol.l mins of the couatn.
and the embarrassments that result have consequer4
ensued in the interchange of yummy and the iota•
courses of trade. When such coalition has been yrs-
&iced in former times, can the public now submit to
sanction any change in the standard of value ?

Her Majesty will take p055e....;... ..r u--t.. 4.0.
House nest week. A new coach eatry i. mak*
from Hill-street, but no other alteration is necessan.
The furniture is splendid, and the purchase alit
gether uncommonly cheap.
'1 he present state of Naples requiring the item*
presence of the lion. Keppel Craven, where he has
left property of considetable valise, and where the
Margravine, his mother, now resides; her Majesty has
been graciously-Ideated to excuse that gentlemas foes
his attendance for the space of three months,
whilst he
attends to his private C 0111.0115 in that kinrilots. The
duties of his situation will, iu the wean thee, Ire prr-
formed by Mr. Madockecond
d 's poll.)
s.
Raton t: Wann.—(Say—For Shea
Williams sli ; Mr. (Jaunt 4S.—MJjority for Sbnif
Williams S.
Sois or WIN !!!----Ncst Saturday will be a
busy day all over the United King-lom, as it is ht.
Patrick's Day.—Wliat with feasting, charity, awl the
i Lottery, there will be enough to do ; and as the bin-
tlev
willhrye nieon
ttaihsreesyltyi r
;fionlissflisea
as they
er day,entire
ioref
ries:
ieillaelsrto of))e
rt
athe
02Ni spoiltiiuni s:
Prism It would be a snug thing to get one of the
Three 21,000/. that must be drawn nest day of Dat
ing, and which is the day of their tutelar Saiat
it would be doing the thing uately to pocket MOW
and give the other 1,0001. to the Charity' --1111*-
George and St. Andrew get the other Two 21,1*

- ..!.••.----r--=_ -
NORTILIMPIVN, Mien 9.
--ono--
The Assizes for the county of Northampton --ono--;
The
on Thursday evening
els last; the calendar ran ref
heavy, and eoatained 41. prisoners, way of they
fur capital offences. Fourteen received stigma of
death, four of whom are left for esecetion, Tin. 1°
for murder, one fol forgery and one for a rape. lin
trial of Phili Haynes and Maryi Clark, for ntailiV.
cited a cons* erable degree of interest; and the Lear
was crowd to eicets as early as eig o'clock is tr
morning. The prisoner, Haynes, was indicted for tm
murder of air: J. Clark' a farmer of Charwelton,en
whom be bad formerly-lived, by shootialr la' 11-7.
yard, whilst caning mime Ilse it a rick ; and the
prisoner was wife to the deceased, and ',dieted fat
ing accessory to the murder. They *ere bota._sl
guilty on the clearest poesihie evider.ce. It
from several letters produced on the trial, Peati;is
llaynes's possession, and sent to hien by
Mn.niLto
Cl
that she had for sometime rist been pers.`lainlf_tibs,l
Commit the horrid deed upon her hnsband, Pi' qt.
promised him marriage if be was not diseorete• ,i-tit
trial lasted about eight hours, when they s" r,
convicted, and ordered for evecntion to-mortn'
turdav), at 12 o'clpar„ and their bodies to be dissecr
The prisoners received the awful sentence trident':
least apparent emotion, excepting whets the -10flur,
deredeiuk tbleettinrbot
idniteostetoirshe. giTtleiDeyto the sureon, htl,ii.
able, well-looking people.
Haynes is 37 years a age, and Mrs. Clark, 39, an4..,_
two children *tiring, one sheet 9, the other 1- 31`i
Clark was a man of very considerable proPtrylijb.s
andwedrervtith
iv:toy:o:::
ti;
''t has left %%holly to the children, a WY *l4llllw-'

%Reim pliagiossi,'
pr
zdthe ißtinh.
017
Al.,gstest. 111x.George Basthey:

Leedom Edited. Printed. Pobliaboo,ss
Tit tST •T Rill N 11114 •ream%reilitwo
ritero%reilitwo
Paper). No. MC Steen& oppo4ite Clinafoe4l7.
i by It. WARDELL. Jon. 1.1. II.: to •le* ell efso
I gallons, Orders. de. are reqyested toile •
•
