..:a

RR".

'

fiii §i'A'fkgiiiii.

.

•7V N. S EGUY ER,
rnfrordy That Pressilegs of the I MIIPZILIAL Court, and, lentil
itll4 d a50..1 loyal subject of N APOLZOX 1.1 bet at present
tint l'resident older Rotas. Coors, nod atw less lord sub-
ject, as doubt, of Lo ito XVIII.

LITTER X.
in the coarse of the seversl letters ad.
dressed to you, it Mould be t►oeght I have borne
bard upon the reigning dynasty in France, your
leading *ill have informed you thit I have only re-
iwsted what history has long since recorded.
In 'sinning to public derision the exploded doe.
trine which you would revive, that " Nings derive
their regal power from GOD and nut from Conatint. !
dons," it was the farthest from my intention to dic-
tate to your Sove►eign, or your countrymen, the j
line of conduct they should, in the present state of
their aff.irs, pursue. It would be presumption in
any foreigner to interfere with your domestic con-
cerns ; and though few will be found to approve of,
the mode by which Louts XVIII. has been re-in-
stated on the throne of his ancestors, yet all will
agire that it is essential to the tranquillity of Europe
that his atithorily Should he respected, and that
disaffection should give place to loyalty. France
is no less interested in adopting this obvious truth
than her neighbours, to whom she is again united in
the bonds of peace. Louis XVIII. being again
seated on the throne of France has a legitimate
claim to her allegiance, as long as he adheres to the
Constitution which he has pledged himself to re-
spect : and though something more seems to be due
to the veracity of So►ereign Princes than to the de-
clarations of ordinary men, yet his silence on your I
public assurance, that " Kings reign by Dirinet
Right," coupled with the conduct and known prin. t
ciples of a part of his family, his almost immediate
successors, and with the engagements of the other ;
Sovereigns of Europe to support the BOURBONS,
and these sustained by the recent avowal of a Treaty
between the confederated Princes respecting your
banished countrymen*, affords strong grounds of
suspicion, that impossible as it may be to enforce
such a belief on mankind, it is determined they shall
feel the effects of It. Your King, Sir, would have
done much better if he had reprimanded and dis-
avowed an impertinence which gave the lie direct to
hie own solemn engagements, and tells h:s subjects
in advance that they have as title to expect from his
fidelity as they have from the capacity, the justice,
and the humanity of the Duke and Duchess of AN-
pilLiglgt, should they unfortunately succeed to the
supreme power in your districted country.
Your Sovereign is not aware, perhnps, that in
surrendering his understanding and better principles
to the intemperate bigotry of his brother, his nephew,
and his niece—that by listening to the mercenary chi-

Istiv•
event,
m re.-
of the
t and
TS •ra
eft to
Mi-
me yl
In, Of

and to thefar moreetrocioesinsiuoritions of a perjered
Priesthood, he incurs the forfeiture of a throne

• It becomes the dignity of the British Parliament,
whenever it is assembled (for it is iu some sort con.
aided with its very existence), to demand an ex-
planation of this extraordinary Treaty, secretly con.
acted, in close divan, between the Courts of Rus-
in, Austria, Prussia, and Great Britain, and now
avowed for the first time by the Putmcx REGENT, as
Sovereign of Hanover. It appears from this curious
specimen of modern diplomacy, that a quadruple al-
liance has been formed, not only for the express pur-
pose of confining within the limits of their do-
minions all those whom the French Government
have banished, but to seize and deliver op to its
sanguinary ferocity all those whom it hes devoted to
destruction. The document alluded to expressly
states, that if any of those delivered over to the
French Tribunals by a DECREE of Louis XVIII.
dated July 21, 1815, shall be found in Hanover,
they shall be immediately seized. If this ex-
.aordinary Treaty should escape the animadversions
and severest tonsures of the British Parliament, the
morals and sentiments of the British Nation must
have undergone an entire change since I was a
British subject • for though a Parliament, notori-
ously corrupt and badly composed, sanctioned the
violence offered to the chartered rights of my
country, which led to its glorious triumph over des-
potism, yet the Ministers of GEORGE would
sever have ventured, even in those days, to recom-
mend their Royal Master jo be a party in a Treaty
so ohi.ctiouable, and so avowedly levelled at the
rights of men and of ?lions, as that which is now
called into action by a 'parte tram of Kings, bent
as it would seem to assume an absolute irresponsible FALMOUTH, DEC. 24,. MALI, 'AST Tam AT ATIOST.
dominion over their respective subjects. The document
—Just arrived the Louise packet, Captain Tilly,
in question, not only commands the seizure of the
"ive from royal, aristocratical, and ecclesiastical
with a Mail, from Corseting, in five days, has into
veugestoce, but of those whom this fool triumvirate perienced a very bad passage.
-ve banished from their country,' so that notwith- transport
PRRTSMOUTLI, Doc. 26.—The Barosset
'log their being driven from their homes, they has slipped her cable, and come into harbour.—,Ar.
are to ind no refuge ; and if they should unhappily
rived the Vencraialiii;nliport, from Gibraltar ; and
be found within the dominions of these confederate
Princes, they are not allowed to pass their frontiers, the Royalist, Parkin, from St. Petersburgh.
bat to be handed from one to another, seder att escort ..„..11-Amscver, Drc. 26.—. Arrived the brig liritanaleF
Royal dragoons !.—(Vide the article from Iles- Wnllbis from Ostend to Remote ; the brig Velma
ever, in the STATESMAN of December 16, 181b.) Thomson, from ditto to ditto; and the brig.Se "etifffs
It behoves the British Senate to eel for this Weight, from Wigs to Ramsgate.' '
carious Treaty to be laid before it, and cons-1.
pare it with the Wes and Constitution of Mist:writ, Dec. 26.—Arrived the Eleanor trans-
Great 13ritaiw, which emancipates the stave polo, of Colchester, F. I. from Calais, and landed
the very instant he land. on her shores, and Whim tbe detachment of the 38th foot.—The Bombay East
kim to the generous protection of her laws. It
'Dahlman is at anchor Inoue Roads ;
with tbe
to men, without Foreign Princes,
lave no legitimate power over the fugitives, denying loss of anchor and cable: she bas been supplied with'
them the rights of hospitality, and adding an an. anodise frail hence.— An anchor, 14 cwt. with 80
manly, cowardly persecution to their misfortunes.— fathoms of 14 inch patent cable, has been picked opt
If men are to be hanged for attempting to tOCOirer on the Pan Sand Hole, *opposed to lout bits left
their rights whet do Kings deserve for infringing there by a South Sea Whaler.—Another anchor 91
'hem ? Thank Goo, this question ran never oecar ,
cwt. marked Rambler, of Sec 'faith 70 rethenns

• What is an engagement entered iota by several
Crowned Heads to support each other on their re•
spective Thrones against the general voice of a na-
tion, which may have abundant cause to cashier •
delinquent King. but an act of TREASON against
the common rights of mankind, against those rights V
which Sovereigns are no less bound to respect than
the municipal laws they are entrusted to administer.
if ;half ,a dozen Princes publicly conspire for such a
purpose, it must be to destroy all the fences which '
the wisdom of ages has erected against despotism ;
it must•he to ensure to themselves impunity for their
crimes; it if giving practical effect to the abominable
doctrine of "passive obedience and non.resisiaNce;"'
it is establishing ■ Divine tight, not by the will 'of
Heaven, but by the arrogant pretensions of menosho
become usurpers the very Wilma they claim a right
to govern d pendent of the laws, nod whose
guilt better deserves punishment than the hapless
wretch whom•bunger drives to correct the inequalities
of fortune by a dishonest act.

,cription. &lice , to say, that . play.
lectiou..of drolleries which it furnishes make it a
most agreeable Christmas present.---The scenery
is beautiful:—" Museum"—the " Fairy
Retreat," and " The Court of Shakspeare," are
particularly entitled to admiration. With these
advantages, added to• some excellent dances, some
good music by Mr. SMART, If made somewhat
shorter, it cannot fail to prove one of the most fa-
vourite sources of mirth during the remainder of the
holidays. It went off with universal applause, and
the shouts of the mobility expressed their unqualifird
Satisfaction at hearing it announced fur a secultd re-
presentation.
The principal pantomimic characters were well
sustained. Mr. Hone was the llarkquin, who was
well supporta&• by. Slim Test. who made her first,
appgareoce as Columbine. With much gates she
....occa.estally displayed great agility, but at times she
• wand animation. Signor PAULO made his *bat oa
*US boards as the Clown. He is very active, is ca-
pabc•ed perforatiug several very casinos feats, and
is clicaitieet in ludicrous distortion. lie spesksi
liggallsh well. ,and.somellmes put in a word or two
skill good effect. Among other extraordinary ever.
be stood on• his. head on the top of a candle.
'stick, moved round several times while thus poised,
iontendeld or contracted his legs, and in • word seem-
ed as each at his ease as if *tending on his fret. A
Mr; S4Y came forward as Pantaloon) and was very
asecessful.
Covet's...omit:sta.—Last night, after the Tragedy.
of George llarr,avell, the new grand pantomime, un4
der the same of Berke& and Fortunio, or Shing.
Moo and Thun-ion, was produced. The story, as
ler as story exists in a pantomime, before the wild
eccentricities of Harkqoin and the Clown com-
mence, is nearly as follows:—Prince Coulon", af-
teioards Harlequin (Mr..BoLoatiA, Jon.) has been
feared and robbed of his treasures by the Empe.
Tongluck, and from his retirement issues e
proclamation, ordering all ?danderins to send kiln
Iwo men et arms, to assist him in the recovery of
bis kingdom, on pain of forfeiting their rank 'and
' fortune. The two daughters of Fogki. rum, a ro.,
toed Misidarin, bearing the proclamation, dress
diemselves as Knights and depart to join their.

:06r
1110 d;

NAVAL EVTELLIGENGE.

ly
Rirtr%
ell fhb

a
-Came
Di

brovikt Into this. st
ity country,, which has nobly. rescued. itself from arbi.. ,cwt.,..
Je erlord,
ivbgal'
bell power, and established freedom ou a firm bash, of 12* cablei tat als
iii:uuut the Intilftnion of Kings. Harbour. •

.A11;aih:;

--~•'_

.. _ 1~

,~~_ •;n.

';'l6%lit

MI

777

I-

4`l,-
„
-4`

evf.

•

• -,-, -7,..r,.-.{....,..• • r*
I. aMiii.ooCl=l;a3alliar
.
• .
which he has been *conditionally allowed to ascend, 7'll E ATR ES . ' Prince. On their way, the eldest penes. bridge ell •
and from which he may again be driven by well- —1.611111--.. ' which en aged Shepherdess; stands,, 'Airily trying t•
entertaieed with the usual Tragedy 1 . .
founded public resentment, 0°41.1 he violate his DRURY-Laii.—Left night the holiday folk were , Pull her hull from the Water; her aid is; detach
welt. rue !louse was eery
Of the 14/114/ br
% iii4t the y °Juges' , imioesliaiciv
solemn engagements, not WI ithstanding the illegal . .
well
aolfteGndeejorg;ealßidorthee. I bat iii eein,.
I consents Sett eittieetes the Inuit,. Th. o'd we.
and formidable combination that has been formed to 1
group presented the same noble and good humour as i man then turns hitt, Shing-iluu,
Peace, and rewards the
.sei vices .perfoimed with a
enforce his restoration#. if it became me to offer, we hose beau iu flee habit of witne.cis,Kal Ibis season
and a bet fritivlshich issues illgitchikow.,
Th.• characters were cast as in the last ; white horse,
unmated, an opinion as to the creiduct which i of hilarity.
:year. Mr. It te performed the part of George
Prince so well disposed as Louis X VIM ought to
'year
with much feeli.t. Anil ..t_,ii it, and whenever the G ftedSialre (GainAtai); it ho jioases•es qin 6-
Br ' eulti.% of twilit, citissishi and g,,dotting, be) ond any
observe in his embarrassed situation, it would 1* to
the 4ilestre of the auditors soutdpet nit his effort.; to min. Thus provide.l. the maiden, who is ordered to
fellow the heroic ("sample of the present Royal NI
pr ace their fair etipct, then were inputted with rip. , a•sunie the name of Fortanio, repairs to l'unglock's
Family of England, who, after two attempts to de- 1,1„w. Airs. rLovya, in Mia.zund, has excellent; court, with Prince Contours cots,..ur, to claim the ,
throne them, ender the auspices of Louts XI V. and all the other chalet tent *PIT well sustained. , restoration if his treasures• The Emperor' promises
and Lows XV. generously received into their ser. The grand attraction of the ereni:tg was a new to Comply, PlowidetlFurfurrito produces a man who will
*ice, cod even admitted In their confidence, the mis- Comic Pantomime, cailvd hart, quirt and Fancy; or, , eat all Ilie bread of tine city, shriek the great feuntnin
guidt d adherents of she banished nave; and Sentient,
orient,' the Pores law stitata.r. Like m
ust Pantogiiime4, I dry; and od•ruis hit; daughter. Mster ukosi
• t pct-
! t
it receives its name from a preliminary scene, ((tints ail these feats en the stage, and the manner in
which the mechanical part of these tricks is managed
once the focus of rebellion, is now become as 'nisi , which is ter
mutated by the appearance of a supe.. •
as any part of the Bciti,b &mit i i ~,, s, and proves by i dor !mini-:, who, with appropriate writs/testier, is both ingenious and well viecuted. He is
her gretiful fidelity to the House of Nsss se, tied 1 transforms a variety of characters and'' objects then carrying off all Prince Couloufie? s t rms.
..
she deserves the leuilv with which she has beta : into Harlequin, Columbine, pantaloon, 5e,.,: sores, when Thurs-fori, the God of War and
treated.
A poor poet (Ileni.ce) apostrophis.s his last shilling,,]
Thunder, appears in a megnificent car, surround-
It• is fair to assume that similar results would flow is, sort of trevestie of. the old sung under that name, "ml with clouds, to resist his rurPosei but. the
, when the "billing " lling appears ',limited, bidding him Fairy of Purace assists her (deistic, and it is
from a similar conduct in France, while it is no less ' leave off the " poor trade of writing tragedies, and *greed that after the character" shall have gtine
fair to assume that a vindictive spirit of revenge, I write a pantomime,- if he wants to how his cir- through the usual choice, as harlequin, Columbine,
contrary to sound policy as eel es to the salmis i curnstances. In his reply to this " silvered tongued" j clown, and Pantabom, Wan shall j ' with Peetz
ratified declarations of your R leyoyal Master,
by forcing y i enameller., the poet parodies with some spirit Ham- on the plains of ltaterlon, to give happiness to the
again disturb the tranquillity of
&ea address at parting with the Ghost, his removal lovers, and to all mink old. As usual, tha cluttic.
your countrymen to spurn a tyrann Europe, .
. ' soliloquy, and Macbefh's sPeech to .Bunquo..—: ter's, after their transrosniation, embark. roi Ehg.
y far more me iimmay executed this
with , ,
rcu ~„
itinaliie humour..— ' land. They Nod at Brighton, after performing
grading and opptessive then ' the one from which its Beset with duns, he then invokes Ft.rtutte to his aid; some clever hicks on•theStey one, such as forming.
has been rescued, and which they will consider tt but Fancy appears, and chides him for not appeal. • cockatoo of various articles, and giving it life and
the more humiliating, from its not being marked ; lug- to herself as a more appropriate protectress l, motion, they repair to tows,, where they go through
with the genius, or graced by the triumphs tibial ;in a Poet. This divinity is represented by a young 6 variety of whimsical and generally novel 'demo.
distinguished the splendid reign Of Neeoezom. it:
• - lady, olio never appeared upon the stage , before, `.tures. ihe best of these is the scene which repre.
•
1 but whose voice, eithnugh more delicate than ' cents the tops of the houses of the street. The
Siould seem, Sir, from the alacrity with which you. strong; possesses extraordinary sweetness in its • Clown is seen coining out of his garret window on
betrayed and renounced one despotism to connect i upper notes. She repeats the advice of the friendlythe roof, of huuses9 to make love to a chamber-
i
yoerself with another, that you were in love with abiffing, puts the creditors to flight, and invests the • maid, just going to bed. lie gives her a 'err.
slavery. There are in our nature, Sir, a variety of • hero with the wand of Harlequin, transforming his' node, in which he is joined hy. a chorus of
obliquities, and this may be one of them. I tto not (rather tittered than litetary) genet, into a grand cats, st.d witil.t so pleasantly employed, forgets
envy either your taste or your fortunes, neither dos museum tied menagerie of fancy, filled with all man. ! that his candle is in a dangerous situation.
a
net of articles, animate and inanimate, drawn, like ! The curtain catches fire, anti the house too ;
presume to condemn the one nor to arraign theother4 some of our fashionable repertories of natural his- • the alarm is given, and all the bustle of persona
chacuti a son gout—de gustibus non est disputandem; tory; from the real, and likewise from the unreal , escaping out of Ilia it beds, descending. bidders, or
but though Ido not absolutely find fault with the world. Fumy calls '• Whim" to the aid of her leaping from the roof, is given with wet effect.—
former, I certainly reprobate your attempt to make it Protege, to aseist him iu managing this molly as. ; The scene which represents a pack of cards, and in
general. The vanity of your countrymen found semblage. Just then " Satire" enters, and threatens which the King., Queens, and Knaves, go through
, to make an example of the whole concern of Fancy, regular evolution•s, also boats the merit of novelty
something more than
.en ordinary compensation for Whim, and Co. The stern Monitor, nevertheless, and ingenuity. Tue undressing and exposure of a
the wrongs they endured under the tyranny of a men anima shims' to strut about a while, after which he dasher, who, when deprived of his stays, bis rous-
e hose brilliant achievements lied elevated France to promises to be with them again, and in the sequel, ho techios, and his calves, turns out a shrivelled and
the first rank in the scale of nations, while the despie keel's his promise. The changes take place, and the impotent old man, is, perhaps, rather indecent.
cable t) randy you would impiously estahlish,in con- usual series of tricks and oddities are brought for. and might. be omitted without lessening the merits of
jutictiou with your sanguinary Clergy, has ntehing
word in rapid succession. These are generally the piece. Upon the whole, much sixpence, item-
pleasing, and, sometimes at once provoke laughter nuity, and attensiosi have been bestowed upon this
in it consolatory or dignified to atone for its im- by their humour, curd mite wonder by their in- Pantomime, and not in vain. A beautiful Arabian
becillity and oppressions! On the contrary, it tenuity. Many sof them, if not strikingly novel, horse, two zebras, a donkey, mid a terrier dog,
partakes of thegloom of a monastery without its quiet are so pleasingly varied from what we have seen acted conspicuous parts, and gave great enteral's-
or solemnity. It is an iniquitous attempt to blend before, that they afford much entertainment, and meat.
two tyrannies in one, under the denominatiod of Rive, as it were, a refracted gratification, by re. SANII PARLlt—r—The performances of last evening
. • •
calling what we have heretofore admired, with- consisted of a pleasi„gemt limy Ballet, called Lou.
Church and State, either of which, 1
if taken alone, out compelling a comparison :to the disadvantage in a Vintage
in which the esqeisit• dancing of Mr.
ma) be virtuous, valuable, and beneficial to society; of that which now courts our approbation..., and Miss .2 Comas called doe's the strongest re-
but coupled together, as in the prevent itistance.fur 11. The Strand Bridge scene was very much admired, pressions of applause. This was succeeded belie
legitimate purposes they become preciaist with the and the whimsical spectacle eshibited by it. called new cook beriette of .TheiteallitteaLles_filigeir its —.
greatest evils. The tyranny yen would impose, to • s-
01 - .
forth lithe/0 ladrfirr:—Tiii-Mitirisl VisioPred *its ' •
, Amaze, of which we have already spoken its terms
only on France, but
throughout the world, stands a glie'r' , see* isi!edsersary take the appearance " of deserved enettmlurn ; anti the whole concluded
a ffrirlie.urgh• • • Despising such An siltgli^"lg's he with that. which is iiiitipensahle to the holiday folks.,
branded with the gloomy malice of the Monk, while throw. eg 10.;ideak to close with him, and furls namely,,
a Pantomime, called The Witch and the
its splendour consists in the pantomime tricks and '
himself in the einee predicament. The weckleothers Os I ; or, The Palace of the Silver Lake. The
buffoonery of Priests (those worst of impostors!), of the combatants are expanded with every appear- programme of this mercy auccessiosi of lacideuts is
whose pretended sanctity cozens their besotted pent. ante of hostility ; theY are accommodated with-spurs, shortly this:—
and the' fight commences-with great fury, and pro- * . A
t...
tents out of their reason, and their hapless offspring lighland traveller is benighted amidst his native
duces mach fun, A little man, and one so tall that
out of their itilieritstice 1 hills, and encompassed by a most tremendous storm,
' i the whole of.his face does not come below the trip of •a .
THE GHOST OF WASHINGTON. ill* stage, attracted much attention, as slid. a being retreat of an antiquated witch end bor
tyroacnes the .
London. Dec. SI, 1815. youthful daughter.; the old damsel, with the cruelty
:iconstructed of earthenware, with an oil jar body, a
ascribed to her calling, determines to add to this
• ftevated pot for its bead, and other utensils to sop.
stneigth of her spells by the blood of the stringer,
ally the place of legs and arms. This non.descript • . .
woo* she discovers to be advancing. lice (laugh.
'Valk' on the stage, and is subsequently broken to
'deeps by the vengeful Clown. Our limits will not i tens, however, frustrate her intentions, and eons
rive to intrortoce the wearied Scot within their
'low as to enlarge further oath. various eccentric ..welling. The mother and daughters then re.
Ades which are here collected together; and this is dwelling.
pore for an excursion to some sister fiends, and area matter of but little regret, is those -which we
could most wish to notice would be •injured by ra - perceived by the traveller to use certain incants.
It ' the ful col. haunt previous to their journeying on their broom,*
• . .

through the ate. After- they are gone, he has re.
sr •••• •
tootle to the same operstiens, and like them, takes
an atrial flight, and alights amidst the horrid as.
amiably. Some are for punishing the presumptira
mortal by instant death, and others that he should
,be spared. Humanity triumphs, and he Is meta.
morphosed into the aeli.known character of Ilaris•
quip, and is provided with a fair Columbine to Booth
bit cores. The opposing witches, to counteract his
happiness, create the other contesting parties, Patna
saloon, the Lover, and the Cloven; and immedi.
ately conunences those dire mishaps, wonderful
changes, and miraculous contortions or phi, arid
body, which afford so mach delight to the yeas( tai
well as the old of the protein ege. The 9oti, which
adds to the name of the piece, is a afirtmenger of the
sriachis, and being is truth the bird at wiodwar
per* 11111VONS, DDT &MS Me part with becoodwg
energy bath of wing and voice. Ile received an.
bounded applause. The lovers, after Tidos, hair.
breadth ',rapes, are at length rewarded for their
constancy by the possession of The Palace of Ike
Silver l.ake, which, of course, presents' all the
beauties the fairy fancy could invent.
The piece is Sot wir with A degree of splendour and
ingesruity highly creditable to the artists engaged in
its preparation, The scenery is 'beautiful, end the
' changes new awyl extraordinary. The part of Har..
legal's' was well supported by Mr. ilannoco, and
that of 'Colons/4er%, Miss Buoy se, who is too well
known to requiclineise. DALT, 44 Pentaloorre
Mr. Faxxxotts, IS Leber, sod Mr. HARTLAND, at
Clown, were all that could be wished, and were
greeted throughout with bursts of laughter.
The music Is well selected and appropriate to the
saritros changes of the scene. The house etas crowd*
ad to etre'''.
4.0
TAst week, at two boys, shoot ttwAs
old, were employed hi a barn, et Pentads % Mt;
Kasen'', Cornwall, where a loafed gun Cr>ld boime
incautiously left, the elder one took it up, IQ asap►
ped it at the other, the charge of ohiat toted"( evi,
back part of hi, head, passed throve' Otis mooto,
end carded off his tougue, and he inniandieudy en.
pi red.

•
•
r. • • .
N.* : •-• •

_

. ~i
-:
w,

a Go• whenever It
0 quit Petted with
o wont planation o
II ars celled, in c
mot's sit, Austria
ml Pet avowed for
Sovereign a
, will specimen 01
b inst. fiance his h
, will pose of c
be lest minions all
have banial
1110141 sanguinary
I Mo. destruction
Foam date', that
poini. French 'fri
IPPI Ile dated July
(meat they shall
ad es. , illoedinart
me of and severe
who, morals and
ad ii . have undo
oat of British su
ously corn
riots% violence o
' Sing country, a
to his potism, ye
:duple never have
Mod; mend their
to his an obi.etio
ty eet rights of n
called into
Were.% Si it wouk
ell the dominion <
r ; the in quevtior
ck le- fugitive fit
—Cams vengeance.
Dr the have bank
standing tl
Right Ire to find
of 'fri. be found v
Princes, I
but to he li
rlt was of Royal
ever, in t
arising,
*Pre It What
curious 'I
outer,
lied et. pare it
Great I
.l es-
of 24. the very i
re dull. kiln to il
I lets it a suffici
tper•-- 4ear to I
have no L
them the
29 n minty, 0
,*a it if men al
--.44 21 "leir gig]
1400 '
re 41 my count
. is tit
i, i "PI poi
4.i. P.l %I:laws I
