RENOVATED HEALTH.

IT his been Liu frequently the subject or just
and general reprobation, that men, destitute of the ele-
ments of the medial art, have offered themselves as candi-
date. for public patronage in the pruk'sioo of physic. Yur
the purpose of dung justice to the ri-sult of our studies and
espericace, and tit prevent ns fro:a being classed among glassy
supine, whose impudent pretensions have, nnfeirtanately
for society, been too favourably received, lye beg leave to •
submit, to the liberal and enlightened, a faithlkl-statement
of our parfaits and nequiremetus. After haying received a
regular medie.:l tsliscation,' ail thiVpapils of Messrs. tivindal
and !Simard. miscue lei-tines nn# -pr.:schen we carefully at-
tended, a. Professors and Nutemis .6f the London Hospital,
we emceed ...irss•lves as students in that justly-erlebrated
school for medical acquirements, the Hayti College of Edits-
hur.;ll, mid were instructed in (he diflerent branches of
&infamy. :surgery, the theory and practice of Physic, Cho.
mistry, Midwifery, Botany. ikr. &e. &c. by those eminent
professors, Drs. Munro, Gregory. Black, Hamilton Mows,
and Iletherf4.rd. We trust we than tint be deemed pre.
sumptuous int saying, that our proficiency mid acquirement,
nre not iticomiderable. Having, for a long series of Tears,
Matte certain complaints, and the wirings disease. of
!DUTY, the particular object of our studies and practice,
it win, we 150 p.., he allowed, that we have acquired superior
konwledge of their treatment and cure. In slight and recent
!tae, of ittfecidot, a perfect ter establishment is completed io
the short period of tali is those of the Ulllll4l ire
veteracv. where other pot. thi men have failed. of stweess,
proper perseserance in oar Oat' of treatment insures $47 the '
patient a safe and radical cure. •
Amidst the melancholy satiety of disorders which are the
44-614 of a habit long anti most unhappily ',armed by the
Tootle of )Myth fetes, there are tame more alarming nr more
distressing thmi those deficiencies mid debilities which fre-
quently prilent or embitter theninti,moninl .tal.. 'Co such
personi It most he a consoling reflection to, know, that they
sass now, by a new and infillible mode of treatment, be re-
stored to that greatest of nil human Isleasiiil—a strong, maw.
1%, .10. i vi4.lrou, ceistiattion. In all cases of debility, from
what ever cause arilinr. a. Si let in every speciesacer"
tam infection, we mi.y he consulted by patients of either
let, with tit greatest secrecy ~ui honour. Hours of con-
Calt•ition at home. frum ten to three, mid from sit is the e% ea-
lettill ten at night.
Patient. in the country are eel:tested to state the pantie*.
ears of C.eir case, age, and rneral habit of lising, etc. itc.
Inducing a remittame for advice and medicines, when the
same will be evi•u tir sent to any part of the kingdom. To
ware that seer. cy so enential to nor usidertaking, the post-
otrof letters may be added to the account for medicines.
‘l,llUtiL wad CO. Surgeute, \u. 107, Battey-gurdett.

Ou.lleotinv, September 11, 1809, will be published,
(To be continued weekly, price Is.)
No. I. of
B
tATES'S GENERAL ESTATE.DIREC-
TORY.—The dimppointmesis Which are daily expe-
!rienced by the delay of the insertion of Advertisement: in am-
ny of the Journals, from the necessity they are under of con-
' vexing to the Public tbod mass of domestic and foreign in.
fdrmation. fur which the• are pn principally intended, and the
serious incomenienre and lois one', atteidant thereon, call
loudly for the application of an effectual remedy.
Under this consideration, blended sir', the utility and ad-
vantage winch the present lisaecto IT is capable to afford,
the Proprietor is indoceil to•offer the same, ;Lnd by its regu-
lar publication and adtnittaoce only of what it is to obviously
to effect, sir.
Information of various Properly Warded, and for Disposal,
IN A:s I WAY,
it will, it is presnmed, prove a coocen•rated Source of Infor-
mation, farilita tit g the Know ledge of Property for Disposal,
or Wanted, to both Vendor and Purchaser.
Extensive Circulation in a .Work of 'his nature, is un-
doubtedly necessary, and !Teo indispensable-. to its very Ex-
istence. Bat. tbriii,;h dive-led of the unconfirmed and often
contradictor, Ranurtrs, the tedioas and insipid prolitits. of
' r •taill on Fashionable Life, of watch to frequeativ tee Ca-
limink•of our Periodical Publication~ in the pre:rost day en-
tirely consist., the I) In [coo R Y presents no confined Means of
' Circulation to those wh• may honour it with their Farmers.
The Sanction, Etwouragemeat, an.l Approbation, which the
Proprietor's Plan has met with, from Alen the most essineot
and successful in the Profession, led their kind Oilers of As-
sistance, induce bins to guarantee tq ll* Public, even at the
i Owlet, a most general and diffused Circulation.
To the Noluirt, Gear,,
t noddle Poblic Ii generait who
ma, be iuclitted t . purchase or ilidpose of Estates, Humes,
I Ac. the Proprietor id-T, With deference, the Perusal of the
Dinecvoor itself; and roily begs leave to,hint at the SIM.
plifilV and Ease of a Plea for attaininT an Object of general
Importance, at present so dilatory, iocouventent, and expels-
sire.
lie wishes, however, the declining of, aft intermediate
Agency in auy Concern which appears in his Publicatioa,
and that it may he considered as a hla tint epou which he M-
I variohis intend" to act.
, T:w 0t a ECTO ll Vis tiled at the respectable Coffee-Hawses
1 in London. and also at the principal Ines and Reading-
-1 Ramms in the Provincial TOritt4 sad yillages; part of which
is annexed to this Prospectus.
COFFEE-110USES IN •LONDON.
Bank t'offee-house, Threartaredle-sorrel.
Baptist Coffee-ham , C hancery-lane.
Batson's (toffee-inure. Cornhill.
Bedford Coffee-home, Southampton-row. Russel-square.
Blacksmith's Arms Tavern, Lower East-Smithfield.
Cartokan Collet-Innite, Sloane-street.
Castle and Falcon, Alderapite-street.
Chapter Coffee-house; Pawnoster-row.
Com 'torrid Hall, Skintior-vreet.
Furnival's Inn Coffee-home. Holborn.
Georg..'s t 'offer-benne, Chancstry-lane.
George and Blue Boar, Holborn.
Gioul.ester Coffe,•-house, Piccadilly.
Golden Cross, Charing-cross.
Gray's Inn l offer-house, Holborn.
ifatebett's Coffee-house, Piccadilly.
Ibbetson's flon-1, Veri-street.
Langboorn Ward Coffer-horse, Fencharch-stseet.
London Co lire-house, Ludgate-street.
Notirgate Coff.•e-house, aloordelds.
Oxford Coffee-house. Strand.
Peek's t.otfee-home. Fleet-street.
' Portman Arno, Portman-plan, Paddington.
Prince of WAII'S'S Coffee-house, Conduit-street.
Searles Coffee-house. C.trey-street.
Slaughter's Coffee-hose, St. Martin's-lane.
Story-gate Coffee-hoose, Story-gate, Westminster.
Reek Exchange Coffee-hou-e, Stock Exchange.
St. Jaimes's Coffee-house. St. James's-I reet.
St. Paul', and Doctors Commas. Coffee-house, St. Paul's
Church-yard.
Swan and Too Necks, Lad-lane.
Steven-'s Hotel, Bond-street. I
Syn ond's Inn Coffee-house, Chancery-lane.
Temple Coffee-house.
The Burtnii. Henrietta street, Cavent-garden.
iihite Horse, Fetter-lace,
Will's t'offer-houae, .searle-street. I
York Hotel, Bridge-street, Blaekfriars.
PROVINCIAL TOWNS AND VILLAGE&
Bs omley Highgate
Barnet Hampstead
Bishop-Stortford Harrow
Croydon Hartford
Chigoe!' Harlow
Che/so.f,)rtl Islington
I hipping Ongar Kerssiogton
Mirtlurd Keriningtoo
Dorking Kingston
Dionstable Maidstone
Ealing Rumford
Edousti.oo It icionnod
Eidield Reading
I:psnon Stratford
Eganta Stanmoce
ins ahem St. Albany
Greenwich Stevenage
Great Ilford U abridge
(ittildfofd Wool olch '
Hammersmith Wind-or
Hackney Watford
II orsbets •

Advertisements arc reeeived at No. 4, Dorset-greet, Man-
chemer:square ; at Nlessra.K.roy and Bowdrey. Bookselleet.
No. 190, Oxford-greet ; and Air. Wilson, Bookseller, by,
Onyttlil, earner of the Royal Ezelianite of whom the Di
rertnry way be had, tod of all Bookseller' throughout
the Vatted libtolom.

TO THOS. TAYLOR, ESQ. N 0.9. NEW Bi
LONDON.

SIR
ICONSIDER it but an act of justice due to the
uneritsof your LEAKE'S P.ATKNT PILLS, to commu-
nicate the following Cure which has recehtly been performed
by then:—An acqualMaoce of mine, who, by the breaking
out of as old Venereal Complaint (of,ended by :a complica-
tion of disorders arising therefrom), was reduced almost to a
Skeleton, and although hr had the best Medical Advice which
could be obtained, and tried ava►iety of Patent Medicines, no-
thing could be prim-deed whirls seemed to suit his eye, or to do
him any service: he remained Ina most redufed and pitiable
situation for two years, unable. to. follow niil profession, and
scarcely able to walk, nr even to stand on his least in fact, m'
one who kiwis him evar supposed It possible for ham to reco-
ver. He was advised at last to try your LEAK k'S PILLS
—he did so, adhering strictly to the direction. given with
them—be had nit taken more this..lwo boxes, before be found
an alteration for the better taw enettuVagrd hint so proceed,
and by talk* a few boats more he found his appetite and
strength gradually return, and k now as healthy not stout as
any MMs I know. Yon are welcome, Sir, to refer any pet-
son to me for a confirmation of the above accost:, if it shirald
be doubted.

I am, Sir, your obedient humble servant,
Library. Folkstone, THON. PL It DAY.
July 10,1805.
Prepared and sold by the Sole Proprietor.
THOS. TA Y LOll, Member of the Royal College of
Surgeons, London,
At his Ilorise,•No. 9, New Bridge-street,
Where, afte• re.,idence of more khan forty yearc, ion prac-
tice particularly directed to the Pure of Venereal Com-
plaint., and thine incitleatal to the Parts of tieneration in
both Sexes. with that inviolable Secrecy which Men of hi,
Profession should always observe. He hatters nienrlf, the
Advice and Assistance ire gratuitously administers to per-
seas taking this Medieioe. will be esteemed. by it (Interim%
public, !Ulan advantage sehloin to be obtained, :did void ut
:nubigaUy. -
They are also sold, by his amendment, at the Perfumer's
- %o. 35_, tit. Alban's-street. Pad-Mall; Mr. Hepburn's ifoy-
shop, No. 10S, Oxford-street:. Mr. Dishormigh, Au. 7, Fish-
street-Mil, nearly opposite roe Moinameist ; and by one Per-
son in every considerable town ii England; &c. in Bests of
onlyYs. 9L each, sailed nji with full and plain directions,
wW, eby reruns of Mier sea may ewe tbraiselves with elc
and *mercy.
N. B. Lvery Boy saki in Great Britain is sealed up with
a Stamp, on winch, by favour of the Cnonnisoioeirs. is i
printed, at the Stalup-011ice—T..raylor. Nu. NeMJ Itlrsdge
street—tu imitate winch bfelooy, and all others arc counter-
feit.

TILE MERMAID,
SEEN OPi THE ';OAST OF CAITHNESS.
LETTER FROM MR. WM. MUNRO; SCHOOLMASTER,
OF THURSO, TO nit. TuHRENct, ECoAHRINIS A
aIkILMAID SEEN EY HIM sour' y gs abo.
Them, Jere 9, law. •
DEAR Sit —Your queries respecting the Men:
maid are Before me. From the genoral scepticism
which prevails among the learned and intelligent
about the existence of such a phenomenon, had
nut your character and real desire for investigation
hero too well known to me, fur seppusing that
you wished to have a fertile imagination indulged
by a subject of merrithent, I would have been
disposed to have concluded, that in this instance
you aimed at being ranked among the laughing
philosophers at my 4:X pener. Sensible, hOwever,
that this is not the case, and taking it for granted
that you are sincere, I shall endeavour to answer
your queries, though there is little probability
that any testimony t 4 hich I can give respecting the
.Mermaid, will operate towards convincing those,
• who have not hitherto been convinced by the repeat-
ed testimonies adduced in support of the existence
of such an appearance.
About twelve years ago, when I was Parochial
Schoolmaster at Keay, in the course of my walk-
ing on the shore Sandside Bay, being a tints
warm day in summer, I was induced to extend my
walk towards S indside Head, when my attention
was arrested by the appearance of a figure resem-
bling an unclothed human female, sitting upon a
rock extending into the sea, and apparently is the
action of combing its hair, which flowed around
its shoulders, and of a ligut brown colour. The
resemblance winds the figure bore to hi prototype
in all its visible parts was so striking, that had not
the rock on which it was sitting been dangerous
fur bathing, I would have been constrained to
have regarded it as really an human form, inid to
an eye unaccustomed to the situation, it must hive
undoubtedly appeared as such. The head wat
covered with hair of the colour above metitionedi
and sh ideil on the crown, the forehead round, the
face plump, the cheeks muddy, the eyes blue, the
mouth and lips of a natural form; resembling those
of a men ; the teeth I could not discover, at the
mouth was shut ; the breasts and abdomen, the
arms and fingers of the size of a full grown
body of the human species ; the lingers, from the
action in which the hands were employed, did
not appear to be webbed; but as to this I am not
positive. It remained on the rock three or foot
minutes after I observed it; and was exercised du.
ring that ocriod in combing its hair, which was
long and thick, and of which it appeared proud,
and then stropped into the sea, which was level
with the abdomen, from whence it did not reap.
pear to me. 1 had a distinct view of its features,
being at no great distance, on an eminence above
the rock on which it was sitting, and the sun
brightly shining. Immediately before its getting
into its natural element, it seemed to have ob.
served me, the eyes were directed towar :s the
eminence on which I stood. It may be necessary
to remark, that previous to the period I beheld
this object, I had heard it frequently reported by
several persons, and some of them persons whose
veracity I never heard disputed, that they had
seen such a phenomenon at I liars described,
though then, like many others, I was not dis.
pused to credit their testimony on this subject. I
can say of a truth, (hat it was only by seeing the
phenomenon, I was perfectly consinted of its cx:
istence.

If the abote narratite can in any degree be
subservient towattli establishing the existence of st
tilicuometion, hitherto almost incredible to natu-
ralists, or to remove the scepticism of othets, who
are ready to dispute every thing which they can.
not fully comprehend, you are welcome to it, from(
Dear Sir,
Your moct obliged, and most humble servant,
To Dr. Torrence, Thum,. (Signed) WM. MUNRO.

A letter has been receivod wkhin these few day•,
from an Officer of the 23d regiment, who was
among those returned as missing at the battle of
Talavera. lie had been severely wounded, add
was taken pri,oner ; he was Attended by a skilful
survoit, And treatril liith humanity and kindaeso.

We hear from the best authority, that certaie
foreizns Oliva are littiug out at Liverpool force/ re
the stare tra►!e, hat measures have been taken to
uip the inhumnn designs of the Rpecallatoer in the
Mud, and a confident expectation is entertained
that Gi;veriiment will second these endeavoneri
although sercn of the Members of the present .•
cabinet, :nit of nine, wcrc advocates of African
slavery !

