I

7
' .
•
%
0
the country are as yet laid idle. Four of the ieadrng Obi
characters cutscerood in this combination have bait ARS
apprehended, and on the sth instant were sent to the
House of Correction at Durham, guarded by ail ego, !I
stables, and also by a military escort for a short Cs. - .011
ranee, to prevent their reseal.,
Om
It is to be hoped that this well-timed and viruses step •
will operate as a eantion to the rest. The Magistrate,
swore in, on the bth inst., a considerable number of liii
special constables at Tweeduionth, for the peniervatiot -, Ile
of the peace on that occasion. The conduct of these
pitmen deserr.s the public censure, as each can tun ..**l
about a seines a week at the present wafts; mid &it
combination et such a season as this is highly easiest.
Hut to alleviate for the present the distress that tray he 10
felt for want of coals, it was agreed upon by the Alegi, • . llk
trates and a select vestry, et a meeting held on the Sth ,;sty
instant, at the Town Hall, in Hervii lt, that a port
supply should be immediately procured by baying dim "II
freighted from the ovum' port, and to be sold sot to the 'ili
public at prime cost. 41
_ _
I PARLIAMENTARY DEBATER.' -
p
'IIAOLBY'S PARLIAMENTARY REGISTER, is
1 DOLBY'S
Jiuit published. prier Ti. boards, the whole of the DR-
. BATES and PROCEEDINGS of the present Parliareest, ' 10
from its Meeting. Nov. Y 3, to Its tdjoenursesit, Dec. Mali.
Including, in addition to all the Speeches tor and stalest the -0
New Coercive Measures, all the Papers relative to It.. Is.
oi
1 ternal State of the Country, redoes P.iltioas of the Mir • -
1 cheater Sufferers. Ike. The whole presestiug a feithful Ma ..
'
tare of the Character sad Policy of the Pr" fish floverainsil. . I
i Published by Thomas Dolby, E'S. Stroud.
1
MAILS. II
•RA. OWL •Ala. SOL
. I Nadia
,
' I Waterford
0 Ouereacy and Jersey
1 II Uotteabergh
o ilaniburgh I 0 Malta
I _____
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE OCLO(% •
Bask Stock - India Stock
Is 3 per Cost. Red. MU Dittolloads Is. 10s. pa.
.... I
A 3 pert:est. Coas.o7ft4 Old Annuities
114 per Cent. Fa. Bills, 9d. Is. dls. pie
i
4 per Cents. Mil Stli Ditto Coil. i
b per Gut. Navy 10111 M C/onion iii his.
Long Aso. 171 Is-10 Con. for e. Ma .4 . ,
lop. 3 per Cent. Aso. Lott. Tickets 119 IR
Iv - - -
je HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDOE THIS DAT. . .
of Morning, II Nis. after s.—Afternoon, I min. after 9. •. 0.
is - -- -e •/ •
is Etc *tattliman.
he
(N.B. Tea " BRITISH STATESMAN" ai stroaPoomo
toi r tru " Tax STATESMAN.")
Ili dmigi...•■••,........................a1imi55aMM1111 .. . .
Tv
Of LONDON:
be MONDAY, JANUAR'? 10, 1940.
of —.....--
red Extracts from American papers, received h ..
i a
'us the 12th ult.:—
red i " Captain Luddingtoo, from St. Augustine, states tlet ,
to ' the Uoverner bad written, early in November, to 11 • ,
for vannah, for an additional number of troops, and ahp
Ow 4.
W. ply of ammunition and provisions, as he daily espial
the an attack from the Americans."
gas A letter from Washington says, " Orders have boi ti
by given for the coneestradoo of troops at St. Mary'. ram t.-i'
tad
an- side, and at Mobile oo the other, of the Mariam."
'
---....-r .
em
at We have often endeavoured to impress t
rof readers with the true distinction between the ;
hins 1 I .eats.eatsand the slave. This latter term may a' 1
er
his harsh in sound to the fastidious ear of oar dais!
nal fellow-citizens, who consider slavery to consist k
the forced submission of being exposed, at CM,
OUT
the limb, in a market-place, and sold, like a horses
:on- ass, to the highest bidder. 'They have no oder
the
idea of a definition of slavery, having had ibit
reading confined to Cocker's Arithmetic, aad whip
scarcely heard of any of the political writers*
public freedom, from HARRINOTON down to 011/3. .
enl Bt..sexrronz, though having a strong aristeendt -
non, i bias, we mean as to self-interest, clearly lays k
Ina" down, that a man who has not a voice in the 111
drer-
-1 aod by which his life, liberty, and property are tel
las* disposed of, is no longer a free man, however*
wI
conscious or uncomplaining, of the degradation le i
their ! has undergone from the liberty with which betel
allied I born. PoorOGDEN, who was treated with ad
spa-
,.nisiteva.
übrutal irony by Mr. CANNING in the Home of 0*
cans 1 mons, became he complained of severe sufbriera
prison, under the infliction of disease, came be
the world by the hands of nature, as Res e
trs of ALEXANDER himself, who wished to enslave ik
v. .
ofDr re_ whole world.
iption It is from the want of due conception, in esk
1Y are nary men's minds, that wicked Ministers gala dig
cants.
loam ends of them, that is, deliver them over to *sit
1 same Krtco or Pulses bound 'in chains. They 11110
Ping I take their reward in an Earldom, or whips
I qua-
great I Dokedomorith its accustomed doneent---a tissues
"• ' place and pension, and retire with *hat thifr
d libe- '
I rant panders of the pen will designed* at dal g"
olives cues dignitale. Thus it is, that *fit.
ditties and inconsideration of the people 'emus the.
erwith i I for tyranny by their own neglect or list
the
peen at Where could a handful of men be Mad, ski
dvance I mere drivelled's, who, if being compelled " "ill
P island e" on an
a sewpreviously uninhabited, wouM ilid
of giving one man among them so absolute WO
1•••1114 over them ; and that that power might bt le
lervriek
_,_____,
is from ammo mots absolute and imeistible, give hi 1110
hied to a bw picked men for strength as soli" 10
wwi
refine ldwi should swear to execbte his owiera, let 111.1_,11/
d
le wets whatever be might think proper le &Wet 10
I. that by a less direct way has this very gams 0100111'
awl•
it' set. scut been played (AL Tyrants, who have 110922
hod to prodigious largesses in their poWer. will owl.
with th•
was d *eaters' to their mind ready to need* **Pow,
ill
int had poem. One ambitious Monarch, and two 11...,
d -
11 ands. ciartipt Ministers, in what may be esilei aill:
I t"eemed " Oevernment, will keep ten or twooll °II. "
dro
jet's, Is gel jests on the uncertainty, hetwees bora le
.00
•114.144 opal%laid 10
of poseeming what they le‘o .
me'd b., is well worth regaining or KAMM*, le
• gra&
I Put •( wen 9114 in the contest, the cad it dogs 441
i
•
----- ---............
