THE STATESMAN

France is not stated. Some new regulation, with
respect to commerce were daily expected at arid.
sund, and doubts were entertained whether cons.
mereial intercourse would not be wholly obstrected.
Au artico from Palsies, extracted from the Ger.
014.1114.4%gyres some farther particulars of the
iireparadour aids fu► the invasion of Sicily.
e •

~:

COLORS& Asses, of th. Blues, arrived from
Portugal two days since, and is expixted to re.
turn immediateli to• Lord WZILLIMOTOS. Their.
nor of the dispatches brought by him has not
transpired. A rumour has bon circulated, in.
deed, that MAISRMA had offerod an attack on his
right, but the Noble Lord had sego it right to
change his position.
ORDERS have been sent to Deptford and Chat.
ham, to get ready a number of guo.boata with all
possible dispatch. It would appear from this that
Government has another Expedition lit content.
plation.

IT is with very great pleasure we stato, that a
great reduction iu the price of Wheat took place
at Hereford on Saturday lost, the price being 191.
though on that day fortnight 231. per busbel was
given. The late seasonable rains which have fal.
len in various parts of the country, have contri-
buted to this effect.
—.........-

Mas. MART Anna CLARKS has published a
'Second Edition of her 44 Rival Prineea." in
which the new matter that deserves any degree
or attention regards Lord FOLK E9TONE, CAM'
W A ilar.u, and the Duke of Kusis.—Lufd
FOLKESTONE'S Letters to Mrs. CLARKEs We
:have given iu another part of the Paper. WI litre
no comment *to make on his Lordship's Litters.
We gave oftr opinion of Lord FOLKESTONE'S
former Letter.. because wo were compelled to
to do so in jestica to that great event...the expo-
sure of public abuSch lo the person of the Duke
of Yoga. But havingshown, that Mrs. CLAaat's
Publication does not ujfees that great dent of the
Exposes; we are not inclined to follow sty joerd
FOLKESTONE with any further remarks. his maw
his Lordship's personal affair ; ond he meet sake
the best ho can of it. With respect to the Dake
of Ca". we have td Amen, aka -doer k no
evidence raltatever, of Ireities.anzit'i.amertions
relative to his Royal Itlglaseen and there is no
one• person in the Uuitud trogdara who ill give
any credit to Mrs. CLAIIKE's unsupported state.
moots. But to the charge which this Second
Edition brings against Colonel WAttor,s, we feel
it our duty to pay a more particular attention.
We view the matter in this way—Colonel WAR.
or.ohas rendered an incalculable benefit to the
Country by the exrosuae: ho has been duce
persecuted in vlaritius ways, and persecuted because
,sf that great sevice rendered to his country :
hitherto, we have /seen able conscientiously to
defend him against die machinations of Ministers
(of which Mrs. CLARKS'S publication forms a
part)and we trust, we than still be able to:do so,
with equal honour and purity of motive. As fur
'Nte story which appears in this second edition, in
the shape , f a Letter from Dr. O'Metas, the
Letter ?nay have been written at the time it as.
teams to have been written by the date thion it;
or it.may have been manufactured since. This is
of little import. it is either a real Latter from
Dr. O'MEARA, or is a fabrication %made with his
own consent; and, in either tase, taking it also
as it now stands, unsupported by evidence, kis of
no more value than Mrs. CLAftaa's ine<e word.
IVe have said this math on this part of thosabject,
In justice to Colonel Wet elm. We will now take
an occasion to cuter into a little fltplanation,
which is made necessary by the course lint
STATESMAN has taken relative to Colonel W4ll.
DLE, coupled with a passage in Mrs. CLAStIES
poblicition. . In the midst of that Lady's name.
revs assertions and falsehoods, she has thought
proper to 'say, speaking of this paper, 64 'Plus
STATESMAN, an -Evening Paper, in which it is
asserted wills some confidence, that he (Colonel
. iVAnDLE) MAI' property and istrumwec."...lol
, answer to this, we have only to state to the
publio—that Colette! WAtinus has no share,
lor property , -or interest:
.in the STATESMAN
whitever i eptl has no INFLUENCE over it, of
the slightest or smallest amount, not even one
whit-Mete than Mi. PERCETAL. And we may
soMeviiiitsorOzis thee. world, When we add—that
the Proprietor "of il StATESMAN has been
compelled' to bring anitctioe *Mat the COMMIT.
THE for Cesi.. WA aDLE'iI SVIISCRIPTIONS, in reco.
Mu. v debt due by thins for'adeirtising tde SO.
.• - , -
' scriptions.--Vire appre4end we.
need add nothing
I,litnte to this statement. " . ' • ' ''' 1.
~. . _ ,

His Royal Highness the Duke Of Citteowitsor,
SIP DAVID OUNDAS, Earl MollA,•titc Adjoilent.
General, and'several Stair Officers, ;net yesterday
forenoon lit the Governor's 'lluisa In the Timer.
The 'dNerdt of this extraurdinaty visit hacrsot
feansitired.
We have nowseason to believe that Mr.Coaprtv
does not intend to relinquish hib'PoliticaVitegir.
ter.'
Theatricals aye to be revived this sovnitter It
Wriiiton'Abhey, in Oxford**. • •• '

', .";. ...,.

Eacuasok or Pinson ERl.—The following pa.
!graphs 011' this subject appeared in the Moniteur
d the thit, in the form of notes upon two adj.
ales extracted from the London journals':—
" The amnion, that France propnied wcom.
preltivid in the exchang the. Russians taken iii
Poland, and the Swedes taken in the last war, is
coliallono mud absurd. If the English adopt,
uts the basis of the Exchange, th,it of including
all prisoners who were comprised in the two belli-
gerent muesli that is to say, the Spaniards and
Portuguese, there will bo no longer any obstable
to the exchange of prisoners, and 110,000 area
will reboot to their country. Observe, that of
theso.llo,ooo map, France will send home up.
wards of 70,000 English, Spaniards, and Pur!u-
guese.
66 The object of this article is to induce a be.
lid that this delay which priflongi the sufferings of
40 many families ought to be attributed to Fi
awl to cast the whole odium upon her ; whereas,
ust the contrary, Mr. MatotENztE has been for
a month sitkosa any answer to his digpatehes,
and noillsont instructions. If the negociation
legs, 4e fault of England."

General SAIMAZINI the night before he gritted'
France, supped la company with General VAN.
DAMN 6, and much wine was drank. The coulter.
sedan happening to turn on the subject of Sir
FRANCIS Bo OTtlerr, somebody observed that there
would probably be gteet commotion on the day on
which the Baronet was to be discharged from con.
finement. %%semisoft suddenly turned to General
SAIIRAZIN) and asked him what he would do if
he were in Ettgland, and any serious disturbances
should arise? The consciousness on the part of the
latter that he was to endeavour to carry his plan
tor an escape into eV:endow the next morning,
.
land the unexpected and singular application to hint
on this occasion, for a moment disconcerted him,
and almost induced him to apprehend that his in.
tendons had been discovered. In a moment, how.
ever, he recovered himself, and coolly answered,
that in such a state of things in England, he
should probably endeavour to get out of the coon.
try as soon as he could. The matter theu passed
Off, though the General thinks, that if the cum.
patsy had nol been sacrificing so freely at the Bac-
chanalian shrine, his embarrassment might have
tended to excite some suspicion, and probably
have frustrated his purpose.
Orders have been sent to Chatham for the Mane.
dials equipment of 1? more gun-boats.
Net a carriage of any kind is now to be pro.
cured in London for Oxford, and travellers are
leek!, it, by taking a seat its the coach for Vir-
uslegliasa, or even a greater distance, they can
procure a conveyance to Oxford. At Osford,
already has XX. been given for a bed-room for
the week *and stabling for horses has been let at
the coatimona rate of six guineas a week foe a sin.
gin stall. The proceedings of the Uuiversity will,
of course, be similar to whit took plaits in 1793,
when the Duke a PORTLAND ant took his MI
in the Theatre.
The poetical coospositioas written fur the emu.
beg grand festival at Oxford, will be 'worthy of
the literary character of the,Uttiversity, and wor-
thy ots Ow occasion. We •have heard that thew
are several exquisitely beautiful pieces, both 'in
Latin and English. The Address to Lord Gimp,
ticra is written, and we understand is to he
spoken by Ht. Clfillagalr, and report speairs in
high terms of the beauty of the composition. }Ve
shall make k ode sitity to procure and present a
selectiOn Of the Verse: to our Readers.
The uncertainty of law is slavery In its woiit
shape; a bad system of fixed law is liberty in
comparison. There at least a loam path is
pointed out, though rugged and tortuoes ; but
how galling is that untnown. measure of oblige-
thin, which leaves no beacon in the political ocean
to direct the course of the unhappy mariner, so
that it it next to impossible he should escape the
rocks and quicksands which surround him on every
side. The law of libel, even with the advantage
of independent Judges and Juries, is liable. to
objection in this view; but when- an individual, ,
or any distinct body of men, pretend to make,
to construe, and to execute the law, cautiously
avoiding at the same time to define and explain the
code upon which they proceed—what must be the
state of those whose Julies expose them to the
effects of such a system ?. It would be afore ho.
uourable and candid toxavert at once to the impel:
motor, for !he permission to poblish en sack ferias
is neither more nor lass than a snare, foe the oppo.•
cents of the Minister of the day. hat he or his
.favourites chuse to _denominate a breach of privi.
liege is declared to bo such, for privilege is unde-
fined and will suit all purposes, and the accused is
'hurried to gaol at the will and pleasure of his pro.
Socutoes, and detained tbere under the same sane.
tion and by the was authority. A bad Minister
is most likely to take advantage of this power—
and that power will assuredly be 'directed against
those \who most strenuously and clearly point out
his maiversations,so that the higher the merit of
the obnoxious object, the more certain and severe
is his punishment; such must he the state of the
press under the dominion of undefined privilege!
When the wife of the Marshal D'Ascae was
about to be put to death, on the false charge of 1
haying acquired her influence over the mind of
Mane DE MEDICIS by witchcraft,• she was asked,
by what power of sorcery she had gained such an
ascendancy ? the' heroine replied, -" Je me sois
servie do pouvoir qu'onl les ones fortes sore les
esprits foibles." What a profound magician
would he be thought, who could seccessfutly, ap-
ply the same species of witchcraft to the esprit,
' foibles of our sapient Ministers!
A General Court Martial has lately been held
at Normsn.Cross, on Captain Dace, belonging
to the Northumberland Militia, charged with hay.
ing withheld, while on the recruiting service in
Siorthismberland, the marching allowances from
the Officers under his command. Upon which
chargeVaptain DALE has been most hunisseahly
ictritted. . ./. •
Ilis,Excellency the PitalAi. AIRRASSA nog had
an interview yttstErslay Memnon with the Right
lion. 'Romer'''. Duailalt; St the India Board,
1, Whitehall. • ' ' • "
