foln7). the WestitiitlVititernit. is the
West India, was the overproduction of sugar. is Ame-
rica, which was aunseengetnial clintiste,lthe share: had
doable(' their noeshont in thirty years, whereas . in the.
India i steeds, it eongenial eltgpate, the number-was
every thy diminishing:. front .thelltard work mt.-which
they were kept. °waggle) tite eupiiiity, of -their avh,,,ifteri •
The polisher of slii*sbSpreseitt Janrien'Wera.lB
wherrAi; tlicy ,Susie on'inereastogfionilbe' yees
1790. the period OC-the first aholiiicin of the tradln,the
iamerop.‘rtiop as in America, the number now would
be 890,00% Hut. it too often lieppeeel, that meta Were
not sensible to their own interests. Since the time that
out Government mute iit•e:npts, At the • cotiqnest of St.
Domingo, intending, of conrse, to admit the inhabitants
thereof to the same privileges with our West India Co-
lorries;those laver ought to he peepared to, expect that
we would oot plerava secure to them an exclusive tride
in Seger.. Ile hop;ortliiit the ilcinite Would - at' lenSt.ge
into an enqiiiry on the subject. Ile did not concur in the
apprehensions Omni* Honourable Crentleotrn, that.,oue
s'oppinpioterests weight be injured by ae alteration In
the. present systems. The West India propet.ty was. oh
ways preeoloos, will seldom gave the propmetors sear.,
than fuer per cent. for' their capital. Tbealistrees, aces
complained of aline* always existed. • •
Mr. HUSKISSON expressed a trislwat that late belle
to be a; brief as pnstible. He did 'oorairet wit' the.
Member for Seifocd, in all, bre eAtitiitenilont of
danger frosittlie proposed investigation;. nor abs INN.-
tic pate in all the Impes entertained by.. the lion. Mo-
ver. .If he. at any time., to go.into siren-
gutty on this subject, the ape!chei of the Hon. fiend,.
seem,. oo the other side that night. would dietitian. OP
from it, because, according to their. views. wa would
hays to exstolos pot only the Commercial queitiOn,.
but also would he required tog* into the allele question
of the Slave Trade. IleAppeelended.lbet any alteration
ie our present pnlicy towards the West India,Colonies,
instead of benedttior the mediae° of the slaves, would
have a different result, on account of the pecuniary en.
gageamots of the planters to persons in this coontry,
who. if they did not get remittances its Shgar. as nom,
would resort to writs of peaditioni expostas, and other
measures of that nature. According even. to the argu.
meats of the supporters of the motion' the supply from
,SispEsat Indies would not, be increased by any alteration
of the present •In.ies. All that appeared to be wanted
. by the proposed inquiry, was to lay does some. definite
measure. in reference to slavery. Any arrangement on
that.sobjeet would not be promoted by the proposed in.
miry io that hoitse.ao mach as by communications with
theColoaial legislator's. It was-supposed by sotneof his
Hon. Friends, that' by equalising the Duties on- these
'mars, there would be no end of the ettrrtation of Cot.
Sok Hoods from that country to the &et -Indies. He
sold have.wlahed that this question had been dismissed
ea its own merits, And not be mitred op with extraneous
matter, partitalarlf the question of Slavery. Now the
very rase Material of Cotton was brought from Braid,
and other pw:e, whieb!wers. the most active in carrying
on the Slave Trade, and never yet relaxed in it.; would
AVILA greater exportation of the aseaufanterell article
lost SLAt.co-Jntry lead to diminish slaver' ? He dill not
Alikkihqt any alteratioe of the duty. would either raise
4eflowerythe price of sugar to the conseaters Is .this
ugeotry, calculating on the prineipte that supply and de-
Mee legalsted each other. When thee/ mil tattered
the pineal restrictions on trade, the West I sillies would
wad ueeheir best sugars, and the difference of duty be-
ing only flee shillings per yr., the consumer would find
**Meetlndia segur die*" than the produce of the
East Indies. If they Wirt tit admit bast India sogar
ditty free, there would beato-reason on earth that all the
snpr-growing Colman' in the world 'boob' not have the
same right. The fact WM. that Bengal hermit imported
from Java, and other islands, where sugar. was grown at
less espouse, a mach greater quantity of anger titan she
exported of her own growth. In conclusion, he said
that he would men the pievioas question, es he agreed
to take asray the five *Whines duty in all cases.
Mr. WILftETIYORCE explained.
Cot. MONEY supported the motion in a speeeh frequently
lotrYrupted by cries of " Question."
• Mr. FOR BS said. If the House would not llsees to a sposodel
from his Hon. F: feed, he should be under the neeessity of
moving an otijnornmest.
Col. MONEY then resumed, and argued at some length is
favour of a Committee.
Mr. FORGES s,id that he did not rise to say a word upon
the general subject, ton to calf on his Majesty's Ministers to
redeem the pledge widen they gave test year throngt thetas*
tbleeellor of the Exchequer. He called oft the President of
the flotrd of Controul, to say, If be bad not distinctly admit-
ted that tiledge In a e,ommenication with the Chairman of the
East India rompony.
Sir. C. W.W YNN aid the pledge alluded to, related may
to the ss. duty on cloyed sugar.
Mr. WIIIthIORE replied very briefly, contending that
the case he sad made out in his opening had not been an..
Mold. He should certainly bring the subject again before.
it. House in the course of next ti-scion.
Strangers wire ordered to withdraw, and the House db
tided, when there appeared—
Fir the Motion, 34—For the previous Question-161-..
Ittjerity, 127.
MR. M'ADAM'S CLAIMS.

A zonversatioa took place as iogoingletet a Committed,
ett three tilitas. The motion for going into the Committee
ate opposed by Mr. Ff. 8(711912R, Mr. BLit:nits, and Sir R.
lee,., and supported by Mr. MAszat.v, Mr. Bsattro, and
Mr. WYNIC
strangers were ordered to withdraw ; bat no division took
r:e, and we understand that it was agreed to appoint a Se-
Cosomlttee.
it. other Orders of the Day were then disposed of
drat a Quarter past Tao o'clock the House adjourned'
• - -
COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Mar 22.

-
ti of of the three lodges ander his Majesty's Warrant.)
DREW V. GREEN.
'Mimes a role obtained by Mr. C. F. WILLIAMS. to
*mime why a new trial should not be bad. The
*4O was brought againt a tradesman of Winchester, in
=able condition of life, for the *eduction of the
daughter. fliecavo has been twice tried, and
iFjp:th ocra.ion a verdict . given for the llaietl f. A
IP! Ilia obtained' to sat slide' the first verdict, on the
that the daughter had Exed the time of the Inter-
0101Se at a period when, by the course of nature, it could
Wool produced the consequences which led to the ac-
liNtidietd.thirrule was ultimately made simulate. The
allafeesettiog aside the second verdict was obtained on
lion that the :tory told by the daughter was
blprobable ; that on her eroas-examiaation she
which could now be proved to be entici'dy and
false; and that the, defendant could not he pre-
ss suet the testimony given by her at the trial.
• -71eNTuooss were now nnatrimonely of opinion Oa'
'11041111e;ettellt to he dischareed, There were duabriess
!Illysattsondinary circuuistarsces in the case, but three
!et bees snbmitted to two juries, who arrived at the
conclusion.
rinse
the s
on. 'lilixectlettifeonndafnotr could
noostrecxoarattlnaiao
complain
of
dsd from attorney ; tbepritness whom he wiati-
frefrom his
nis the spit t, and' titig/it have been. sent
' lortinol the Learned Judge (.11. Justice BUrrough)
tried the cause had expressed himself aatished with
ritrthrt,
THE KING H. ICCIIWORTHE.
winat.be remembered that the ease of this defendant
Pllll-64.uct (hittcurt on a writ, of error from the Crimi-
44114eurtirf the county palatine of Chester. Ile Lad been
tsrvicitiot perjurT, anti seaseoeod to be transported
*tea years ‘o.Neie nth Wales. or rise. of the ad-'
)werm islands. On this his It'quiposi relinesiSdi it4l, the
Paigebeut was erroneous; bee the Vow; discorereu that
