i Impiety tower&
only find the fel"
—Your Correspondent from lisirtford intone
I state of society
'it is twenty jeers since he read How/woe's , I beg the Heade
circumslasice that may, perhaps, account for 'jetty his most set
read
.pression of veneration for primitive French' y well reflect.
which that book is so calculated to inspire, and if he has, then
been in some measure effaced from his Wad; confirm him in
Ake pleased courteous 4 w- to commend. my polar, myself to Mr. 4.:
'regarded the subj
researches; a compliment to which I ought not
These the.,
. i.
between men .
:r insensible, especially 86 it comes from one,. Pubte, have considered it With levity.
, persoos for whose benefit I atu now employ'ritg -my benevolent awry
.sway and a forelgq_ .., sorb milt
tipster!. Tyrant," and,
tyn researches have been so extensive and eo-
ns his work,.,.pen, •-end far whose use I shall presently transcribe so (girth, there rap, he thiu.Jut,-0 item ver,y. little room,
iii other branches of literature,
Nor lan admirable quotation from Mr. Local; but as it for hesitation in tag breast tif .ans,ksevolent man."
ilaterials for 7'hinking, amply proves.
happen that the minds of some of. my /Leaders `He then proceed, thus—",figt,, it *slot to be denied-
ma y require a little preparative to enable them to re-1 that BollltASTlallit tmesemed,a-wcolderfal power of.
:hey should be esteemed, [mean for being ON lish the sentiments of that Divine Reasoner, I shall fascinating the minds of Englishmeaotad makiog.them
of important facts; or venerable opinion...l.i previously put toi such the followle
—g questions :—Do I believe that.he is not only a legitimite,.but a bettese,
(ed from ancient writers of apthority. Thai yen Irish to tire like a' man under the government of: lept Sovereign ; and that he-neither cap, nor ought:te
' world has, of late years, heat so inundated . reason, or like a brute under the government of a be displuoodY No, certainly:l ,pot by us, for- the
metaphysical declamation, so curried away with : master, who will treatyou as a properly; -make you I reasons before given, which .leed. pot repeat but
of wild theoretical fancies, that olichoo"t toil, labour, bear burdens, teke from you as much Iby the French as loon as tks Please, not as Mr. B.
_.
iots have lost their footing, and
,I .am of Your gains as he pleases, and when ha likes it , pleases: and if they choose, after deposing him, to•
./
ans;ous to supply theta with something on . which L make 'you poor forth your blood' in his service.-- I put a BOURBON ou the throe., just as we did when
st.ts's excellent' If you do not like this latter cooditioe, fit indeed ,
we restored the STusars, to make another essay-of
tiier may securely stand. lloTo
bn9k having been applied to purposes for oaly for an ox or an ass, you must he a friend to the g' theirt awe
mild and benevolent y," thou gh. [should:
ireedom and independence of society ; think it no proof of their wisdom, yet would I stand
which he iiever-intended it, and which, in respect to by which is
meant a congregation of men uniting themeiresio. 4 uffer their right in doing-so ; mid. this I would do,,
his particular case were extremely cruel*, he vitt;
&cited himself by sating, that it contained nothing I gether to live by law, which it but another Word for
not for the tarts of either the French, or the Boca.
that could prolwrly be called his, for, take away's! reason, because laws ;are niade, or supposed to bolls, but for. the sake of all free s• t* A ocie tes.--,, stay.
that I have iiivendik.4,t.autho. j. the
.made,* by the general will, or' what oughtto 4iMet Sc criterloo
~of benevolence here alluded: t0,441/all;
said he, all the facts ! the general- Witt' '-the aggregate •
there will be 04/thing left ant; . . Iriaiest-a "Weistlitia ‘ '1Y °4111"ev• 'that nothing has beet owe cammea;
rity of others, atuimollify, just as anAct of Pa rliamedeltscsimong mats and parties,-than to %stow all theositsi
. —7—

'us EDITOR or rka STATESMAN.

blank paper. So say 1,—take away from my letters
all that I have selected from others, and there will
be nothing left but some common place remarks, and
a few pleasantries, which are of the same use to me,
that glue and varnish are to a joiner, in making his
patch-work—the one gives co-herence to my mate
rials, the other makes them look less sombre ; fer
politics form hut a dull subject, at best, and that
subject requires something to enliven it. To be'
pleased with my friend for such a commendation as
that which he bestows on my political patch-work,
is not a silly vanity of which a man ought to be I,
ashamed, but a sober sentiment of self-congratula-
tion, which naturally cheers u. man as the hope of i
being useful meets encouragement. I shall pro-
ceed
then with alacrity in lily political joinership,
and let me tell the Reader, that the world is, per-
haps, more mechanical than he thinks ; even the great
Doctor Pelee-rev, called himself " uothiug more
than a hook-making machine."
Mr. B. says, in his Letter, that I have mistaken the
point in dispute ; and that the real question between
us is, " whether the French would be bettor with
BONAPARTE or a Bowline at the head of their pre,
sent Constitution." Pray Reader note, en possum!, 1
the term Constitution. Mr. B. admits, then, that
there is a 64 present Constitution" in France; and I,
on my part, am free also to admit, that it is a Con-
stitution susceptible of a good deal of amendments
which amendment, however, I have great reason to
think it will receive from tke French people them- '
selves, if the Covet-surfeits of Europe, who either
hare no Constitution at all, or one so abused as to be
made the instrement of plundering eekomit
was intended to. protect ; if these foreign Covent-
melds, I say, will hut renounce the attempt they
have been making for above 20 years past tOjdecide
upon the domestic politics of other people, with
which, in reason and justice,' they have nothing 'to do.
I will not here give my reasons for thinking that the
French will, if ales are lel alone, amend their own
Government ; it is possible I may do that in some
other letter : in this place It is only fit for me to say,
that if they do not choose to do it, nobody else has
any right to attempt it, for then it will be evident
that it is a Government after their own will, and that'
is enough to render it legitimate, be it what it may. I
And this brings me to the reply which I think it
proper to make to Mr. B.'s statement, the correct-
ness of which I cannot admit; for I have always
maintained, that it is no business of ours who may be
the Chief Governor in France, or of What nature that 1,
Government may be. Surety, Mr. B. Will admit
that it would be most impertinent in the 'French ea.]
tine to trouble themselves, whether a Prince'd the
House of Sze Ater, or of that of SAvulr. whit* was
the next in the succession; or lastly, OT.UiI Mouse
of IlittsswlCK, reigned.* hi' Wand; -safely be
would think it a mark of great lespedenceihd Oho-
puce in them to take a distaste at istir•iresentlisitiiw
..;.estitutiom,sin Church and Slate, because It is' not
the same as than which prevailed in the'reign of King'
ALreets, our ICnglieh Lecutteus! Would 'not every
blunt Englishmen tell the saucy French, in such a
case, " it is sufficient that our Constittltiotr makes us
happy, that we are contest with 'the PerSoti at the;
head of it, end if: he were the very. Devil himsdli'
that would be no business of yours." This is-whet',
an Englishman would say ; but suppose that tisaike.
Frenchmen " so eager" should, in the eacees of then'.
madness and presumption, invade our native land,
threaten to dismember it, cut the throats of our ci-
tizens, because we would not submit to their unjust
and insolent dictation, and should even hire others
to assist them in so nefarious an enterprise, would
we not implore the vengeance of Heaven upon the
heads of such sanguinary oppressors ? And should
we not hope that the earth would open anctswalLow
up, or the sea rise and overwhelm the men whe were
capable of shedding the blood of their fellow-creatures
from such horrible motives ? Let Mr. B. then, take
care of what he is about ! let him tremble at the con-
emeences that may result from agitating such agues-
Lion as that he has stated. It neither becomes him
our me to &tide whether a llouaaws, or •• BONA.
rAittr,onght to preside over the present Constitution
of France, Ira be a Constitution : that is a question
which a Frenchman only has the privilege to discuss,
aed the nation at large the sole right to determine.—
That right is the most leered of all rights, for it is a
right derived from siatore--a right on which the in-
&prudence, and consequently the very existence of so-
ciety is founded—and to ravidi that right from the
Emelt, or from any other tweet dialer Heaven, is
.4tvatan committed against the whole human race, and

. .
tees on themselves, and deny them to their opptineeti.
This seems to have been the case in Buttan'elines
. wu 1... v •
eays-7. -
• - ;-, .". All piety consists therein,
" In them, in other men all sin." ' • •
Iludibras, p.l. canto 1.1. 224.
. Bin again, I must declare, Abet I ant disposed to '
pit a much more favourable construction on the in- •
ttentinns of your Correspondent, than whet :the
I words of his letter might watrant, I will even go
trio far as to say, that when Mr. B, calls himself a •
t" Friend to Freedom, and to the happiness of all :
; Nations," I have uo doubt that he is so, in intention, 1
! but I mullet agree that he is so in fact ; because the 1
.measures he recommends are not calculated 9 in my
opinion, to produce those ends which, according to
i my way of thinking, are only to he attained by mea-
sures directly contrary. The public must judge be- •
twecn us, which is right, and which is wrong ; but .
I trust they will be disposed 'to allow benevolence of •
intention to both. For my own part, I conceive it ;
quite unnecessary for me to make any professions at
ill of this sort, conscious of my constant endeavours
'to inculcate a• system of polittcs4hith men, whose;
•judgment was infinitely superior to my own, have
deemed calculated to produce the felicity of matt- '
kind. To give the Reader a complete idea of politi-
cal benevolence, I need only retrace the quotation
that I lately gave from BUCHANAN, where, &peeking
of 44 that light infused by Got, into our minds," he
calls it "TIM LA* OF NATURE ;" and adds, "truly
; I think it it of a HE 4fVENLV STAMP; and lawfully
° persuaded that Nature never says one thine, and
Wisdom another." And then belays, " Wilh CI.
CERO I think, there is nothing done on earth mare
acceptable to the great GOD who rules the world,
:than the associations of men who - are LEGALLY
united, and ;chick are called CIVIL•INcOttPoRATtottS,
to the end that there may be a strrreAL CO-OPERATION
for the GOOD Or THE wuor.s." Now, Reader, what
I contend for, both in this, and my former letters, is
nothing else but the freedom and independence of
Ithese " civil incorporations ;" a freedom necessary.,
in order that they may be governed by the ag-
gregate reason of that community, and not by any
.•,
foreign controul or interference whatsoever, in
order that " the light which GoD himself has in-
fused into their minds" (which I must conclude is-
; competent to the purpose it was designed to answer
by a Being of infinite power and wisdom), may regu-
' late all their proceedings, and direct their " mutual
1 co-operations," so as to produce 'the good of the
whole. This is what I contend for, and this we
have just heard from a wise Heathen and a learned
Christian, is an object that Goo himself must con-
; template with satisfaction. llere then, Reader, .are
my politics, and here also is toy religion ; some men
have a divine religion, and worldly politics, but mine
are both the same; they are so blended and united
together, that I neither can, nor wish to separate
them and I will now leave it to the Reader to do-
. `termine, whether my motives deserye to be thought
'benevolent or not.
I remain, ikc.' • • .
Buckinghamshire, Oct. 22. TrIiOTIIT TRUSMAN. •

_--y, poi..- .....___
ill called every man's act, being-40044U' contain
'the sense of the nation respecting the matter-to which'
it applies. Every nation then iti„ Or ' ought to Iti
governed by the collected sense of ! velum. of duit,
nation ; and -nations, considered with respect' to*,
each other, ought to be governed after the same
fashion, by Me Law of Nature, which means nci. '
thing more than natural reason. Every society Of, ,
men (according to Mr. Locee) " stands upon i
own basis, and acts according to its own °attire
tt
that is (says he) for the preservation of the whole
community." A man who does not belong to any'
notion, and who exists iu a state of nature, acts in
the same independent manner, and with a view tJ
the same end. It is no new doctrine te say, that all
Governments are in a state of nature with respect to
each other; but mark, I pray, the inference from
that fact: if nations are in a state of nature with
respect to each other, then bath each Government
the same right against another Government, that one
man has against another man who attempts, in a
state of nature, to get him into his power. Respect-
ing this great offence, let as hear what is said by Mr.
, LOCKE:—" tie wko attempts (says he) to get another
!man into his absolute power, does thereby put him=
self into a state of war with him ; it being to be un-
derstood as a declaration, or a design against his life :
1 for I have reason to conclude, that he who would
I get me into his power, without my consent, would
use me as he pleased when he had got me there, and
I destroy me too when he kad a fancy to it; for nobody
can desire to have me in his absolute power, unless it
1 be to compel me, by force, to that which is against the
right of my freedom, that is, to make me a slave.—
: To be free from such force is the only security of my
preservation ; and reason bids me look on him who,
,as an enemy to my preservation, who would take
from me that freedom which is the fence to it, so
that he who makes an attempt to enslave me, thereby
puts.himself in a state of war with me. lie that
: in a stale of nature would take away the freedom
that belongs to any one in that state, must neces-
sarily be supposed to have a design to take away
EVERY THING ELSE, that freedom being the founda-
-4 don of all the rest ;as he that in a state of society
I. would take away the freedom belonging to THAT so-
emir, must he supposed to design to take away from
thews NVERY THING ELSE."—Book 11. c. ill.
I'Re, therefore, who shall pretend to decide upon
the piestion here proposed, and endeavour, as far
as he can, by persuasion or otherwise, to give effect
! to that decision, would not only attempt to deprive
the French people of that freedom they derive from
nature, but also of every thing, else. Such an act is
! considered by Mr. LOCKE as a very heinous offence.
1 According to his principles, he who invades the
freedom and independence of another justly forfeits
his own : and the party against whom such an ag.
: gresiion is Made, may, if
.he is able, either kill the
• offender or retain' him in a state of slavery ; and he
even declares, that! such a state of slavery would be
' just, because the offender forfeited all rights of !his
, own when 'he invaded the rights of his others. These
:'are Mr..:l:l4Ca,r4,conclusions, and the Reader will
judge hp* fa! thq are just. One thing I hope the
Reader*, w it eliityksarry ale* with . him, 'that what'
.1- contend forirtsateral right--a right that .dóeu not!
'belong to stiy.paideishe narbin, though valued-,by
,norse more highly! than by ourselves--e right that.
is not limited by the dish Channel.). or :the can-.
; Ines of Europe—that belongs to black then as well
white—in a word, to' the whole species. Wherever
men are found congregated' together in eivit society,
; thefts this right exists to frame,' to constitute, to
change, to new-model their Government according
as primitive design or' alteration of circumstances,
or improvement in social knowledge, may suggest: and
whoever attempts to rob social man of this right, at-
tempts. to deprive him of thebenefit of society, to sub-
I venal! civil institutions,or such it leasfas deserve that
name : it is an attempt to brutify mankind, to drive
men into a state of antitetty, or into that deplorable
condition which many; both in ancient and modern
times, have esteemed OA -Worse than anarchy, be-
cause more hopeless ; a tyranny extending over both
! liody and mind: ! ll* With thus tears *Sunder all the
bonds of civil utlion, may be said tornake war again*
all mankind ; I can only compare hlin to thesfirst.,
bora, CAIN, whose hand was agnint all men, whilst
all men's hands were likewise raised'aglinst him.—
Far is it from me to attribute such intentions 'as these
~to-1i1r.13.—1 know, on the contrary,tbethe li quite
incapable of them; butt apprehend, 'on the other
hand, that he is not aware what his' doctine of in-
terference in 'the domestic polities of indepe-
dendent nations will teed him to ; 40 does
not reflect that the very existence of all 'free eo-
cieties depends upon • a security spinet ' such
interference • his notions in this respect 'jails 00
' mach confined to the scale and latitude of honest
Join( Mail who always thinks that ita has a right

• 110TOIRAR NRi 1.1 n rick and noble family. He woo .li/4-
nl...cited by-bit father fur turning Prarrelioni, slllfl banilaSed by
411,44ivern. for visit* in flavour of I,berty. fie took refuge
wittrr he lived by rending Teeftiren on
,! 4. le SAW. • 'f he Leaguer,- Ifilia` aro of mane of the arguments
L to raimor Orgill' faction. their reperrlitine. mid I.
our which tooled Nine Of iii4Gernutto Prnlettiout ftiesda,
s. 114 Is /se published a justilicatiou'uf hie books

was
are desked to state that Cthilittit fisitecti,irhe
was recently,conricted at the Pubtic..Clitee-in.kfii gisee,
garden, for Aeliviring viers in short Nets-and short
'measure, is not Mr. CaAamis Birth, Prescot-

street, dooditatv's:fields,-

~v 1.,..'

A person, pretending to' 'bb' an -Dffieer of Dra.
goons' and the son of a Noble Lard, after living
some days at STEVENS'S Hotel,. has just decamped,
'leaving a large bill unpaid. ,

, - . . ..
1... EA. DVERTISEMENT.j—A .F.tcT,,,r-Any thing that is
1 conducive to facilitkte .busiiiess, is .a. desideratum
Worthy the attention of. the
,Commerr.lal,World, and
as the times and marlieti were tievar.more interesting
!'than at the present, a Newspaper piCittielly delivered
is of the first moment, without which it is evident All
1 business must be done in thedark.: However, as tliiiiiit
the most difficult part, namely,to get supplied with that
regularity that makes a newspaper truly valuable; Wm.
MARTIMARTIN, 8, Cornbili, engages to furnish them in
aeirquantity, and of eery description, to any part
of the United Kingdom, pastisgefree, upon a prits'
1 ciple peculiar to himself, that has met with, cupsful-
feted success for many years-01nd proves beyoud-cmt-'
1
t rad iction that this is the first House in, the li lie, and tilt
it originated, and bus been progressively accusal& •
1 ing to the enormous quantity hik,now Ili
daily, including the principal commercial
Iblishments, news - rooms, coffee - -
I and the most respectable' families
Kingdom, by his ueremitiox esertions
Mat regularity which he has esclusivel,
but as proof cannot be given.withott`
lie are therefore most respectfully '
; theitorden to their most obedient servant;
.klAwsis, N0..8) Ceialialp Londlat,

.

yf--artier'

yj

AND NECRSSARY W4R3I -

liarnek, awl let slip Aloe doge al war."—Su A line.

terton,—There Is nothing on earth I s 4
detest as your chicken-hearted, pigeon.
*eons, echo are eternally boring es with
about peace; 'when a survey of nature
ince every one, except these Incorrigible
warfare is the natural slate of man, aid
eteeted life. Philosophers tell us that " Ned
tent abhors a vacuum ; and I venture to 'add, that
she holds a calm in equal abhorrence., -Let the tent•
peat/ tease to agitate the waves, and the- ocean itself
would become the foul source of putrefaction and
}oathxopte demise.— Turn from the physical to the
tmoral-woriit.etnLive shall find from the time of
Cain -tied .kbet,.te the -present day, one uniuter.
rapted series of commotion and Witchery- amongst
the human race. It is the same with what are called
.tieleeeriinititils. The spider seems to be born for
no other end than towage war upon the fly ; de cat
.to devour, the mouse; and so ant &c. &c..--to the
sad of the chapter.--,Take a peep 'ttt two kittens or
tie brace of. sucking poppies ever( it their play ; see
teie Violate, that great master or. the art of war, it
•11
preparigg,tbent fog,tbe„ooble losistaes of their csa.
,ationl.,*eir, very gambols askew, litany sham fights,
vartitief. biting, scratch..
Ptti fearing, charging* laying` In. ambush, and va.
rious other. military manoeuvres ; not to forget 04
masterly one of retreating, or " turning tail."
Since this then is clearly nature's plan, why should
not man, who is nature's matter-piece, fall in with
her humour; nor .do I deny that they do so gene.,
rally ilbet there are exceptions amongst a set of milk
and water Quaker-politieians, who are perpetually
bawling feet for peace, or it the language of a dis.
tingnislred individual, as given byway of toast, "A
spent/ peace and soon."

I know those whining sons of pads will tell us,
that thi‘ebristian doctrine was intended to correct
the ittatmitiei of human nature, and that its mild
spirit forbids ill strife ; hut theory and practice are
two .distleet things ; and I appeal to the latter, in
support' otsny position, that " Warfare is the natural
state of Man." Was there ever before known, in
any age, such a continued scene of bloodshed as we
have witnessed itt Europe for the last score years?
and yet all the potentates engaged its the struggle
jirofess The milli doctrines of Chris ianity. In this
kingdom, during the reign of the present Monarch,
who has more pretensions to the Christian character
than any of them, have we not been at war with one
nation or 'another for forty years out of fifty ; and are
we not at this moment as far from any prospect of
peace as ever ? Away then with this eternal prate
about peace; if 'the European nations, who all pro-
fess the Christian religion, and who are bettOr in-
formed thee any other nations of the world, if they,
.I say, • with such advantages, cannot obtain a peace
:for one year, in the name of common sense, where
can we look for it; and are we not compelled to
conclude that " Warfare is the netural state of
man .

This conviction was forcibly impressed on my
mind from my earliest infancy. I well recollect the
extasy with which my good old father used to talk.
of the 44 glorious news of thirty or forty thousand
being killed off, and as many wounded ;" and I
!rust, as lam a true Briton, I never shall forget the
earliest lesson he taught me, which was that the
French were our natural enemies, and that an Eng•
Tishman could beat ten frog-eating lifounsheers any
day.
We used to have rare sport whenever the News-'
man came round with his " second and third edi.
lions," and a large piper in his hat,, with the words,
46 Great and Glorious News and Bloody Battle !!"
If the number " killed off" was immense, the good
eld gentlethan uniformly made the Newsman drunk;
,
t ana wash he had got a little groggy himself, many a
good (nitrite's he sent me with half* crown to the
sexton:of the-neighbouring church,
.wrth an old red
flag which we used to hoist out of the belfry: S-
calise, as he used to swear, it Was' a 44 just and tt.
tessary tear," in defence of our holy religion!
My early years were marked by an extraordinary
proficiency in what some canting fools may term the
art of ingeniously tormenting ; ttbboy in the school
iiltd sonoble a string of birds' eggs, 0.11,.my own law-
Tel prizes; these I hung up in triumphant festoons
and Wield survey with as _proud a feeling, as our
I Polhavinfo'rti AmeriCan allies view the scalps they
have seised is the more glorious conquests over their
1 copper celonved neigbbburs. _ _

-;; fetsolled all my school-fellowvin the art of fiyinig
-cotktchaffer by a thread with a crooked pity
through its tail ; not 'could any of n?y companions
projects frog to such an altitude, fn the air, by Whitt.
• wtrusettte call tpang-wooing; of blow it up to such
a magoittrtie Id* k bbilOw straw-; nor must I forget
any favourite amusement of fishing: 'a Noble diver.
although that old-cynic - Dean,Swifi, has de.
.acriged.it lobe " a long rod, with a worm at one
-end and a foot at the other." There is no sport
`which more completely illustrates the grand law
neVarel than this; we find the fish wholly regard.
'less of the torturous gestures of "the impaled worm,
rushitqg impetuously upon' the barbed hook, which
.man's ingenuity has there concealed for its destruC.
'Hen'.
But it is unnecessary to enlarge upon these de.
pursuits of yotithOiribey must be well
known to every boy of the leiat spirit. I shall,
"therefive, pOceed with my nairatiVe. You mug
that, with such proniising os io
dis.p ns and
• 111
fig'

aoaull
To Til
51111-
0, that i
book; a
that imp
freetioull
•
having In
lic• is alsl
tical rose
to appeal
whose o't
vari.ms it
‘hlt..l 31
will 1. tle
I...::Las a
i 00! thl
'chide
colleeted
political
met
a deluge
patriots

, . 1
.. * . • 0 • , i,
sightiktiLa
••• . . •
Tlit . ' T .
-- - -- ----,
Is him who so mu that he can to ilitcrfero with the concur* p4ther penple whilst,
matt thin ~ JUST
. . ... 9.
licity and poefectiou of his uotore in no ;pal mon .Ipartitahal, di". tu.nieddle with his. ' . .
.
i .
ty. -
pay to this important sub.;
' 461 4'411;41 y ocitiggl, oe-courteous' purer' " Cry novo
Mr..... 00 *Witte, I. hops filial' bp-tillowed to say
something .
if be has not al-k
leder will
erioas attention. on _what I May. Ott til*Ascourteo:4# part ' hi n . Egli
rcted upon its After telling of the .4,l,l,4,ijrdently lou4s,,for cordially de
then further reflection may, perhaps, the inbversion of
, it 6116410 y to do so ; 9f it.
his ia°morVigeo) I)("ieks, and livered poltr
that duty. I:ant not now.addrosiug the r"t"atien of. a foritilY trito-only:
,wish to accept their' cant a
fi1....-but to those who„hari ,either. not the goverelpeto on sonstituthonat,tiprms,r (Saw must oc nsi •m
,
ibject at all, or wheys not leas cal. comes he to be, so.aure.of that Z):he .•51414"- (6'4: •
asidered it With leafy. Theilis the. '.bet.sfeen men who haie goternedmitli am mild and \..asies,.. that u

s, the I me, ana ins' allow? mat, wins IIIII:11 promising ualingagt.v... .......
lively accumulat- acquirements tie! have described, I was admirably
1.,,n0w 'furnishes Caticulit4 to cut a Miltpicuous figure on the glorious
mmunercial eats- theatre'blf w#,:irbire I might have beCome an Alex-
- rooms, hits,: andeilt Ceara,ii.i Bonaparte! but my enpros
1- in the United 'ioititi i'situe ordeinid it otherwile, and I was com-
-14
- .
!lions to insure •,pei idly in to .bury, aillhese shining qualities
tiy accomplished; '. 61tod the cannier, and to rest 'contented with such ; 1
t a trial, fite'ptilo-' 'eitaiiimal *mtiaitattotts as were afforded by cock-
soilcited to send liglt ; Ofi lily(, Or other manly and congenial • ,
tivint,. Wilitila .ittai ''!'llot althotigh *I am enable to follow
lo Ike WI t boot •of to lattlioatioah whisk % mid
t.
. .
