ilte Cause for lehteh 11.4MPDEN tea in the Field, 8,4 SYDNEY died on the Seafjoicl.'

DON JC.AN.—TIIIRD CANTO, in Svo. prier
ts.
Printed by R. Greenlaw. High Holborn, to be had at flg.
Cbeen%ide ; Ott, Cornhill ; 20, Paterooster-row ; a, Stationer's-
eoltrt ; and of every Bookseller in the Klngdone.

17111 E WORKING CLASS OF SOCIETY, wilj
acknowledge that the Proprietors of the Colonic'
Coffee-Cellars, fir%l door in Flert-market, near Skinner-
street, were the first that supplied them with a good and
cheap Breakfast. by selling a pint of strong Coffee for Yid.
And notwithstanding the great advance of the article of
Coffee scare they first opened' in 1811, they continne to sci
licit their favours for a superior beverage, at the same low
price. Rolls, fakes, and Bread NM Rutter as usual. Open
at six terfoek is the inevniug WI linglipaim mew at eight.
Sundays excepted.

COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

(Continued from The Statesmen of yesterday.)

After the petitions from the Wards of Cripplegate
hail been read, the Loan 1114loa rose and stated, that
in discnssing the important question, which would be
their next considrr.►tion, he hoped that the Court
would preserve that dignity and good order which
b 1.1 ever distinguished them as a public body.—
(I lear, heat !)

Mr. Sheriff Warring next rose. Since he had
been elevated to the situation of Alderman, he had
always endeavoured not to bring firward any prod is
sition of a roblic naturr, fmsling that questions of great
public interest would best proceed from the Repre-
sentatives of the Citizens of London. On the present
question he owned he felt great anxiety to state his
views as early as possible, and to etolearonr to draw
the attention of the Court to the precise objects which j
they had to consider. The right of petitioning was!
the most important right that the subject possessed ;
when any great public wrong was cos ttttt ittesl, it en::-
bled the people to undeceive the Mone,.it, and to in-
form him of the actual situation of pudic affairs. in
order that he might be enabled to remedy public
grievances. It was the first right asserted after the
Itevointive that right was suppressed in the time of
Charles the Second, when the charter of that corpora-
tion had been seised for this sole reason, that the
',oration petitioned for a meeting of Pariiament to re-
dress the public grievances. Its suppression was fatal
to the Family of the Stuarts.—(clear, Imear..)-11ad
the unfortunate and besotted James the advantage of
hearing the rs presentations of his people, be might
have retained the Comma and. the amp witioir (Atm..
ed might have been rendered unnecessary. lie knew
there were some individuals who would say that by
addressing the Throne they would insult the Kin!,
became they windsl be obliged to state that which
would he offensive to the King. If this were the ease
then, the Corporation of.Lonsion never could petition
the Crown fur the removal of public grievances; they
would merely have the power of addressing the Antis's).
rities of the State in a complimentary way. lie could
meats no offence to his 3lajesty in exercising the right
of pillion ; on the present occasion they would prove
themselves the friends of the Constitution and of the
Monarelly----(11ear:).-So far from any inyteation
resting on Isis Majesty fir the acts %militia had recently
taken place, and which had roused the indignation of
the couitry, it was. impossible that the King could
have kwovu of those cire helices, or could have
been informed of the true state of the feelings of his
people. If Ise were, the Ministers could not Is;:ve
held their places fur a single hour---(tiear,
His Majesty could only know the trite state of public
affairs limn the representations of Isis people, fur those
who surrounded the throne would not speak the troth.
It was not necessary fur him to enlarge on the c in-
duct of his Majesty's Ministers; that had been fre-
quently made the subject of public animadversion.
The Court had frequently petitioned the Throne and
the other branches of the Legislature, conylaining of
the conduct of those Ministers, and praying their dis-
missal. He would, therefore, briefly state time pr oni-
ons po'-.ts of their misconduct and incapacity. After
the termination of the war, the country was led to ex-
pect that Government would turn the attention to the
situation of affairs at home. They were led to expect
that they mould receive some relief from the severe
pressure of taxation; they expected some alleviation
of the public burthens ; they expected that Ministers
would have brought forward souse plan to prinunlte the
interests of agriculture, sonic measures for the tensor-al
of public grievances, and the r' formation, of public
abuses.—(Hear, hear!)—glut no efforts, however, were
male to lighten the taxes, or to remove time grievances
of the people--on the contrary, every petition far
Reform was indignantly rejected. Minister st instead
of bringing in any healing measure, follow.Aa system.
of coercion. They strained the exis•ing laws, and
they introduced new•laws militating against the prin-
ciples of a free constitution- -(Nver, hear!)--They
113%V a military power established in tissue of peace, to
overawe the people—(hear, hear:)---whilst their fir
reign affairs were conducted .with a degree of weak.
ness which renders I this country contemptible in the
eyes of Europe. The just expectations of the people
on the continent were disappointed, and the Ministers
of England were found to aid foreign despots in rivet-
ting chains on their subjects. Even midi respect to
the struggles in South America, they saw Ministers,
in the face of petitions, proseatal front rations parts
of the country, introducing measures to cripple the
intercourse between England and that country. la
fact, there appeared throughout all their proceedings,
a degree of jealousy against any thing like public li-
berty. Their efforts, however, with respect to fontign
countries, proved quite abortive. Spelt'', Napier, and
Pertsgal shook elf the odious yoke of slavery ; but

whilsithey asserted theii eights, they took no revenge
on individual.. They viewed with a lenient eye the
conduct of their Sovereigns, wisely and humanely int-
patine bad measures to bad advisers--(Hear, hear!)
Important revolutions hail taken place in those coun-
tries; but if the people possessed the right of pe-
titioning the Throne, similar results would taken
place in a manner Icss violeilt.----(llear, hear, hear !)
Witil respect to our domestic affairs, Ministers had
•hewn i degree of wantonness and incapacity which
sheered that they were unable to wield the tiovernment
of thii com.try. Those reasons were of themselves
quite Sufficient to induce that Court to address his Ma-
jesty tor their dismissal. But recent circumstances
1 bpd ered it impossible for any individual attached
Id
-to t Cuatitntion of his country not to view their
eons/{ With abhorrence. Every man who has at-
tended to ate.progress of public affairs, must see that
Milltios have brought this cotintry..inttris state of
distress, distracttort, sad dissoutroß if those cir-
tunmances were known to his Majesty, Le asked,
whether it was posaible that he could for a moment
longer retain those Ministers as his advisees' lie be-
lieved that his Majesty haul been grossly imposed on;
but it it were otherwisee—if the advocates of Ministers
would stand up and say, that they were driven into
those Measures—that they were obliged to prosecute
her Illijesty, that could be no excuse fur them, be-
causejt was the bounden duty of Ministers, if their
advice was rejected, to retire front their stations;
while they remained in office they were responsible
for public measures—(llear, hear!)—With respect to
tile proceedings against her Maj•.ty, the fact of lwr
innocence or bee guilt never could extenuate the con-
duct of Minister.. if she were innocent, their conduct
was abominabl; if guilty, they betrayed their duty
when they offered her 50,0011/. a year of the public
oton• to spend out of this country--(llear, hear !)--
They'aeteal not only stga seat tae declared opiniouts of
;11.• country, but against the recorded vote of the
House of Commons, for ti.at !louse haul declared that
smelt a proceeding against her Ahjesty would he " de-
rogatory to the digni•y of the Crown, and injurious
to time best interests of the colvstry"--(llear, hear !)
That Resolution showed the ron vietion of Parliament—
the somber of meetings held throsit;hout the empire
shewed the conviction of the cotintru-, even Itefor:- the
odious inquiry commenced. lilt the progress of t:.at
in try unfofdeal each an infamous conspiracyo—nn-
fal ed each a mass of abribery, rrjury, and cuter- i
i s on, Is to render it impos.iyie forthe present Ali-
t Mary to remain at the bead of ittlegenellsps and moral
le ointry—fhear, hear!). The proeeeilingt they had
ade:lied were so repugnant to the priciplea et the Bei.
ties constitution, that even if the people believed the

.t they could not bat protest
91 "P*".7 ..^.""1",.••••• ys lie poi ae A a it— ig r. aader4
the °diens seaniss%f " a ill of Pains and PM oltke."
lie wished his Majesty hail an opportunity of ivitness-
ars
ing the expression of public feeling,—he heal he
had viewed the proceeilint: of the day • re yester-
Jay.—he 'retold th:ut be enabled to see his people
really fek: Ile would have seen hunilteifi of thousands
of his 'objects displaying towards the Queen a warmth
of feeling,—a sensibility and devotion, which newer
was equalled on any former oeresion [hear, bear, hear'].
He would have seen the utmost good humour and
good feeling prevail amongst the immense und-
titade, who were assembled, though not I single
soldier was seen in the streets of Loudon (hear, bear!).
i his scene, which was in every respect so gratifying
and so honourable to the pe.tple, would have emvinced
his Majesty that the people of England were a think-
ing and eenerinis people--that they had read and un-
derstood the whole of the late proceedingsagainst her
:Majesty—that they were wise as well as generous—
that they were determined at all hararils to
stand forward in defence of the Constitution—
acel that they were determined to stand forward
and defend an' injured woman against the foul
and unmanly attacks of tyranny and oppression
----(11?ar, hear!). Military assistance, indeed, was
pressed upan the Lord Mayor (hear, bear!). his
lordship true to his principles, dee!ined that aid
(hear, hear!); and the event proved that the
aid of the soldiery was not wanted--(hear, hear:!). If
the authority of Ministers was so weak that they could
no longer rely on public opinion, the only source of
legitimate power, why did they remain in their places
(Hear, hear!) When a Ministry, whether good or
bail, ceased to rely on public opinion, they wete
no longer fit to remain at the head of the Eng-
lish Ouvernnient (hear, hear). But it was impossible
that any Ministry could goon who did nut rely on the
enlightened opinion of the people—to protect the me-
tropolis--to protect the King--to protect the Queen?
SO. Soldiers were offered to protect the Ministry
(bear') If there were a change of Administration,
they would hear nothing of a standing army. The
people would lie the supporters of the liovernmens.
fly one single act, in one single day, his Majesty
wonld regain the goad opinion of his subjects. They
would 'cress a ound him with their accustomed ardour
anal generosity If his Majesty would but disavow the
late uroreedings 1 if he would but dismiss the promotes"
of those Ines:ores from his Councils, the tide would flow
in soother direction, and his Majesty, instead
of being beset by the remonstrance of his people,
would be surrounded with addresses of congratula-
tion—(hear, hear!) He was glad to see that the
Lord Mayor had rejected the advice of the Seven
Wise Men—(Hear, tear, and laughter')—the seven
sipient men of the City—(continued laughter!), who
advised the introduction of the soldiery. They
would have willingly taken upon them the Govern-
ment of the City in his Lordship's absence, and they
would have introduced the soldiers. Had the rest
coats been introduced, it wonld, so doubt, have tensed
mach irritative, seri to a moral certainty, they would
have seen meted in the streets of London, the tnelani
choly tragedy whisk bad beets formerly acted in the
streets of 31aschessar---(Hear, beer!) He believed. in

Ito IN crii
