U,.1.114Y LAWS.

Mr. Sergeant Onslow's Bill, the second reading of which
stands for this day, enumerates the titles of all the Acts in
existence against Usnry, from the 37th Henry VIII. to the
sth 0-orge 11. being sixteen in number. The sth Beorge
11. was the last enactment on this subject. It reduced the
rate of interest in Ireland to six per cent.; by the Bth
Anne it was made eight per cent. After such enumeration,
Mr. Sergeant Onsloa's Biliproceeds
And whereas it is not expedient that the rate of inter-
est should be fixed or limited by law, be it therefore enact-
ed, &c. that so much of the above recited Acts, as prohibit
the taking interest for money or other things, or limits, re•
eclat*, or restrains the rate thereof, or indicts any penalty
or forfeiture on persons taking or receiving, or contracting
for the same, or as makes void any contracts o► securitiee,
shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed, and
made utterly null and void to all intents aid purposes.
4' Provided always, that is all cases where interest is doe
by law, and there is no special agi cement in writing, cus-
tom of trade, or rule or order of a Court of Law or Equity,
limiting or fixing the rate of interest, that the interest to be
charged and recovered to and against the person 'or per-
sons liable to pay the same, shall be at and after the rate
of five pounds for the hundred pounds by the year in the
kingdom of Great Britain, and at and after the rate of six
pounds for the hundred pounds by the year in the kingdom
of Ireland."

PRIVATM CuRRNSPoNRUNCIL—The following
extract from the just-published Private Correspoadenceof
Cowper, the Port, will be felt to be it the present moment
interesting end important. It is part of a lever dated
April 19, 1788, addressed to a friend who had sent bim
some verses on the subject of slavery and the slave trade,
andlitews that the Poet's anticipations of the event of the
then depending Parliamentary discussions were singularly
correct. It proves also the now-disputed fact, that the n•
formation and abolition of Colonial Slavery were, at that
early period of the slave trade, controversy, objects for
which the friends of the African caul publicly and anxious-
ly contend, d

No far as I can learn, and have had intelligence from a
quarter within the reach of such as is respectable, our Oa
yenta's are not animated altogether nith such heroic ar-
dour as the occasion might inspire. They consult fre-
quently, indeed, in the Cabinet ahont it; hut the frequency
of their consultations in a case so plain as this would he,
did wit what Sh.kespenre call• commodity, and what we
tall political expe,ttency, cast a cloud over it, rattier be-
speaks a desire tone appearances, than to interpose to
purpose. Laws will, I surpose. be enacted for the
more humane treatment of the Negroes ; but who shall see
the execution of theta? The Plasiters will not, and the
Negroes cannot. In fact es karow that laws of this ten-
dency have not been wanted, enacted even amongst them-
selves ; but there hes been alit ays a want of prosecutors, or
righteousJodges—deficiencies which will not be very easily
supplied. The . newspapers have lately told us that these
merciful masters have, on this occasion, been occupied in
passing ordinances, by which the lives and limbs of their
slaves are to be secured from rrarton cruelty hereafter. Bat
who does ant immediately detect the artifice, or can give
them a moment's credit for any thing more than a design
by this show of lenity, to avert the storm which they think
hangs over them ? On the whole, I fear there is reason
to wish, for the honour of Ragland, that the nuisance had
never been troubles], lest we eventually make ourselves
justly chargeable with the whole offence by not removing
it. Theeuorinity maim he palliated; we can no longer
plead that we were not aware of it, or that our at-
tention was otherwise engaged ; and shall be inexcusable
therefore ourselves, if we leave the least part of it unre-
dressed."

The following extract is of a lighter kind, and exhibits
some of that versatility of talent and playfulness of humour
for which the Poet was distinguished. The mishap it re-
lates, cannot failto baing to the reader', mind the " ad-
venture* of Johnny thlpin;" and, from the strain in which ,
it is written, may lead him to suspect with us. to have been
the luckiest which originally suggested one of the princi-
pal leornlea of that inimitable story :
"'Yoe taws sever yet, perhaps, been gamie isquaiste4
whittle enfotteette Tom V mussel ienture. Ho mad hi
wife, returning from Hoinslope fair, were coming down
Weston-lane ; to wit, themselves, their horse, and their
;teat wooden panniers, at ten o'clock at night. The horse
.basing a lively imagination, and very weak.aerves, fancied
ho either saw or heard something, bet *basaever been able
le say what'. A sudden fright will impart activity, and a
momentary,vigour even to lameness itself. Accordingly
he started, and sprang from the milli, of the road to the
side of it, with such surprising alacrity, that be dismounted
the gingerbread baker, and his gingerbread wife, in a mo-
ment. Not contented with this effort, nor tbinkiog him-
self yet out of danger, he proceeded as fast es be could to a
full gallop, rushed against the Fate at the bottom of the lane
sod opened it for himself. without perceiving that there
was any gate there. Still be galloped, mad with a velocity
and momentum continually increasing, till he arrived in
User. I bad been in bed about pen minutes, when I
heard the most uncommon and no accountable noise that cawil
be imagined. It was, in fact, occasioned by theclittering
of ten patty-pans and a Dutch oven against the side of the
panniers. Much gingerbread was picked up in the street,
and Mr. Lacy's windows were broken all to pieces. Had
this been all, it would have been a comedy, but we learned
the next es,,ruing, that the pour woman a collar-bone was
broken, and she bas hardly been able to reseuts her oc-
cupation since."

'ATESMAN

LENT ASSIZES:

NonroLK CIRCUIT.—Before Lord Chief Justice ABBOTT, and

Mr. Baron GRMIAIII.
Buukinghanashire—Thursday, March 4. Aylesbury.
BedfArdshire—Wednesday, March 13. Bedford.
Huntingdonshire—Saturday. March 111. Huntingdon.
Cambridgeshire—Tuesday, March 18, Cambridge.
Norfolk—Saturday, March 20, Thetford.
Suffolk—Saturday, March 27, Bury St. Edmund's.

Nownsix Clapurr.-L-Before Mr. Justice BAYLEY and Mr•
Justice HOLROYD.
Durham—Saturday, Feb.2B, Durham.
Westmorland--Munday, March I, Appleby.
Cumberland—Thursday, March 4, Carlisle.
Northumberland—Friday, March 5, Newcastle.
Lancaster—Wednesday, March 10. Lancaster.
Yorkshire—Saturday, March 2V. Castle of York.
City of York—Same day. Guildhall of ditto.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

This day, the adjourned General Quarter Sessions of the
Peace for the County of Middlesex commenced, before
Francis Const, Esq. Chairman, and a full bench of Magis-
trates.

The Chairman, in addressing the Grand Jury observed,
that the calendar contained only a few cues of any mo-
ment, and they were those which were frequently before
that imptisition, not varying as to technicality or chew-
ter. With respect to the general nature of their duties,
he was happy to say, that the decrease of crime since the
last sitting was very apparent, and be could aot help at-
tributing this to the new plan of prison discipline which lad
been acted upon generally throughout the empire.
The grand Jury then retired, and the petit Jury being
saorn. proceeded to the of traversed cues of assault
of ars public interest, but only displaying the had tempers
and litigious dispositions of the parties concerned.

ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
•

Last nigbt a young and interesting female was
observed wandering about Palace Yard, in an apparently
desponding state; curiosity induced some persons to watch
her motions, and she at leog h descended the steps leading
to the River. and plunged in; she was almost Instantly
v-scaed from the watery element, and taken into a public
bane; whin it appeared, on being questioned, she resided
near Lambeth Walk, and the cause of the rash attempt, it
appeared, was, a young man to whom she was attached,
sent a Valentiee to another female, and neglected her.
She was taken borne. She bad absented herself the. whole
of 3se4ay; her friends are highly respectable.

Soocsino CATAIITROPHC.—A tragical event, which has
just taken place at Bordeaux, has brought sorrow into a
whole family of ttgat town, and proves better than all rea-
soning, the milcloief and danger of convents. What a num-
ber of similar events were formerly buried in the silence
and secrecy of the cloisters! A citizen of Bordeaux, whose
name we suppress, bad a sun and a daughter, the former
advantageously married, and the father, anxious to secure
wialied his daughter to become a nun.
him a good fortune,
She had no taste for this vocation, blot she was willing to
get over her repognaoce, and she entered a convent of
IJaluelites. After a year's trial she felt that it would be
impossible for her to be comfortable in a convent, and she
requested to be permitted to return to her parental roof.
She was permitted; she then made her father acquainted
with a mutual attachment which existed between her and
a young man of the town, who was quite a proper match
fur her as to fkoni:y and fortune. The refusal was positive,
and:from that moment her residence at bolus became pain-
ful to her. At the end orsome months, she offered to re-
moter the cooveot. and try. once more to reconcile herself
to her fate. The offer was instantly accepted ; and she was
recanted back at the convent with great satisfaction, and
premised, isilsodently, to make bee vowaat the end of a
year. The fatal day arrived.—the young woman rose early
in the nieraiiig, and covered with a long white veil. cross-
ed the court-yard of the convent, and threw herself into
a well. The instinct of self-preservation was more power.
fah than her despair, and she uttered some piercing cries.
that were heard by some neighbours;
,the dour of the con-
vent was closed ; the nuns deliberated before admitting
'meager% so that the succour owe too late for the unfor-
tenet* girl—she was drowned. The father is naturally
overwhelmed with anguish. May this terrible lesson be au
example for the future, and let us hear no more of re-estab•
lishing convents. when they have been the scene( of many
such calamitous events.—(Constiewrioend.)
On Saturday morning an accident occurred in the
house of Mr. William., druggist, Deptford. It appears it
was the birth-day of one of Mr. W.'s sons, and they were
making composition stars for rockets with the help of a
lad who bad been io tke service of a fire work maker,
and had placed several on the hearth before the fire to dry,
when a spark dying out set them on fire, and the whole
exploded ; by which a little boy was dreadfully burnt in
the neck and face, and the others escaped with their clothes
on fire. Tioroagh the activity of the neighbours, who ran
into the house with buckets of water, further damage was
happily prevented.
On Wednesday afternoon (11th instant). as the Royal
Union Coach. which runs between Sheffield and Leeds,
was proceeding aver Worsboropgb-bridge, it was suddenly
overhauled; by which accident Mr. Gordon, a dewing-
niamer of Midfield, was killed on the spot, and two other
;massagers were seriously injured. We have received Ca-
nom accounts as to the cause of the upsetting of the
coach; but as an impost is now hololiog spun the unfor-
tunate deceased, we shall forbear making any remarks till
after the verdict of the Jury has been given.
Ktosarrsas.-aThere seems to be some grounds for be.
Hering that two men, dressed in the garb of sailors. have,
in one or two instaoces, in the evening, stopped girls in
the stews of this town and attempted so cover their
mouths with plaisters. The Mayor, on hearing of these
attack.. very promptly ordered a party of Peace Officers
to patrol. the streets at nights.—(Newcastle Chroxide.)
On Thursday senoight. JohO Hamilton, cutler, Doilkeitb,
and formerly a *gleam of the Edinburgh militia, was mor-
tally wounded he part of a grinding stone, which broke
while be was engaged at his occupation. A fragment
of tke.sto e struck bin on the heart; sad be was carried in
iratilket infeasibility to his own hoses. He lingered in the
most agonising pain till Sunday. when he died.

DIARY FOR THE WHEEL
Feb. 15, E. 81PTVA1311111111111 Bolaar.
High Water. Mora. 4S m. aft. 2—lven.7 re. aft 3.
IC .If. Jupiter ems 29 at. after 4 mom
High Water, Morn. 24 ea. after 3-11vea.38 a. la •
17, T. Mars rises 59 la. after 8 even.
High Water. Morn. b. 7 a. aft. 3.—Even. 14 m, after 4.
U, W. Yonne rhos 9a. aft b assn.
High Water, Mora. 30 m. aft.4—Even 48 m. after 4. ,
•
18. TA Mereury rims bl cm aft. S morn.
High Water, More. Bm. aft. b eveu—lven. 28 o. aft. I. •
—IM, F. Bee rises b 4 tn. aft. 8.
High Water. Morn. 50 a after b.—Even. 14 es. aft,
E. NOON LAI? (WAIL AT Ir. STU*. ,
High Water, Mon. 40 m. aft.ll—lrea 7 in. aft. 7.

NATURALISTS' CALSNDAR.—To *able ear Readers to judge of the
Season, we select frau the Calendars of the Rev. Mr. Wblte, of Selborne,
and Mr. Markwlek, of the neighbourhood of Rattle. the dates at the following
Iseelltar oacarrenees Which hate been observed durtug a course of years,
wbteb may usually be expected about the present period:—
(Al*re two4littl 11111 P riveo, they denote the nALLIEST and the LATIIST
times at which the oeurrenee sou observed. The letters W. sad X. are
the Initials Wilts Dunes of tbe observers.)
CRojtashoor flowers—/r. Feb. 16, Marsh 23.—Feb. 18, April 13.
build.—W. Feb. Id, blareltB.—.l/. Feb. 23, Marsh L
Perividgee pa .../r. RNA 17.—X Feb. IL Mar* M.
peas 1111Wae—Ar. Feb. It Kara 11.—Feb. 8. March 31.
Haste # sus Iwo yoga/ saw.—W. Feb. 18.—X. Feb. 8.
Fight erfe6sqAgballete babla.--W. Feb. U. March 311.
ystlareerr Msb. M. April IL—AL Jan. IS, March IS.
Gekblads eirige.-4r. 146. sk April 5.-4/. Feb.3B, May L

_

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

~....
YORK SPRING MEETING.

Ftasr
DAY.—Lord Kelhurne's Josh the Laird's Brother, 6
yrs. old, 9st, agst Col. "Yates's Mende:, by Soothsayer, 4 yrs
Ohl, Sit. one mile, 900 sor. each, h. ft.
Tams DAY.—Lord Kelburne's Jock the Laird's Brother, 6
yrs old, Sit 71b, agst Lord Kennedy's Negociator, 7st Mb, one
mile, 1,000 sows. each, h. ft.
