THE S'fATESMAN

the Count de Bondy, Canille-Jordee, the Boron Pai-
l:idiot. ,

For she nomination of Ns* Project respecting the
mode of proceeding in prosscationsagainot the Press :
—MM. ll•dnch, Jaquinot de Pompeian., Causig-
notes, Illanquort de Wiliest, Hardoin, Albert, Ms-
pat% s, Berton, Royer Collard.
Ent she rumination of the Project respecting the
Jostual. and Peringlicol Publications :—M M. Her-
oes', Lombard, the Ceeat do St. Aulaite, K•rxtry,
she Marquis Dori., Peaserd, Saalsior, Sa►oys-Rol.
tie, Doeseilet.

..ISS4SSIN4TION or KOTZNBUR.

• We revive daily, aye the Gazette de France, wen
eyrie.. details relative to the estassiostiow of M. de
Kotzebue,. All ogre& so to the sort of fanaticism
which •as the calm of it.

The following is an extract of a letter written on I
the 26th of March, at five o'clock in the evening: it
ton:sins very positive facts, which leave no longer
coy doubts on the subject :
" Oo the 18th of Mardi but, the students of Er.
lawn assembled in a house of recreation, sitoakd
without the town, and deliberated, with closed doors,
-isnot' the fate t•• which they should subject 111. de
Knizettee, for having attacked the licentiousness
which existed in the Universities. sod the novel doe.
sines which, since the events of Waltbourg and Got-
tingen, have made so much progress amongst the
youth of Germany. At this secret mooting, the
death of the vrtiterovbese remarks they so much dread-
ed. tees conspired ; the students who pr nnnnn teed the
horrid sentence, then cast dice for one who should
be charged to smuts it. Chance, at first, desig-
nated five; who threw between themselves until the
lot fell upon one,—it was the young Saud, son of a
Jedicial Counsellor, born at Wendizigel, in Saxony,
on the borders of Lower Uo►emie, who foetid
binnedf charged with whet they celled, in true re.
eolutioutery style, the asateriet of the trime. Sand
set off post from Erlangen on the 21st March, sod
arrived at Manhole' on the 23d, at seven o'clock
in the morning ; he took • beth, breskfasted at
the table d'hole, visited the magnificent church, the
castle, and the promenades. At four o'clock he
called upon M. de Kotzebue, who was dressing
himself to receive company. The valet-de-chunk'
told him that hi. master could not be seen.—' Inform
him (said gond) that o Deputy from the Muses of
Erlangen is come to visit him.' M. de Kolsebeis
begged him to wait, sad gave order, to serve him with
coffee, arc. and sent him • pipe filled with Virglnitil
tobacco.' Kotzebue, when only half dressed, caused
this pretended Deputy of the Alums to be introduced,
"went to meet him at the door, received him with dis-
tinction, took from hint a paper which he pretested
to him, and whilst he use penning it fell, pierced
with • stiletto. The billet contained the following
sentence Sentence of death pronounced on the
18th of March, by the University of Erlangen, and
cashed Lutz execution so the 234 March, by the pre.
sent biases.' Sand basi•g seen his victim fall, went
(raeq•illy oat of the house, andscarcely was he its the
elitist, when he stopped, and lifting up his hands to
Theven, exclaimed morel times. Opus eosssumetaatum
,'st! art plunged the poniard twice in hi. wets breast.
There was (cowl opon a large Moe riband, this de.
vice:--iglu et Alert. Ile was taken to the Clad
Hospital, an•! two sentinels posted at his bed. Tni.
eseut, it is said, will be Welted by very important
consequences, end say lied to confusions of the
highest interest."

PNICK OF STOCKS VIII
Mask Sock
3 per Coo- Re 4. 73) es. di,.
3 per Cer. Con.o.le .4j
LI, per Celli. VI
t.•••• 14 fir An . 741
4 pig Cent. 321

IS DAY AT ONE tI'CWCt
pee Coot. Navy 111.4
INN", Mends 37 % p.
Lasig
Mello-4pm Bill. 2 3 p.
Onsi en

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON
russeAr. AMU L 8, 1819.

THY. HARM.

This inexhaustible source of Great Britain's tom.
wiercial woe is again brought under the station's view.
By national vine we do not mean national inspection,
as this has been most sedeloesly kept back from
shoe* who had an undoubted right to look into every
part of the concerns of this vast monopoly. When
a Fume composed of inditiduals of the melt asses.
pitied integrity fails, the creditors, by a legates well
as natural right, look, and even pry, if you will,
into every pert of the bankrupt affairs. The Book
Ins been bankrupt ever since January, 1797, abso.
lately bankrupt ; and what has it ever done to beer.
fit the notion that the Ministers of the nation should
say, •' although yes here felled, your affair* ahall
not be exposed to the Public eye, nor shall you be
obliged to pay, as far as your effects will ge, like
other benkrepls, bet you shall retain all the
property you possess, keep all the tools with
which you carry on your trade. no one shall sae
Any, nor shell any one set op against you."—
Nay more, you shall have all the notion's cus-
tom, with a profit of more then t no millions of money
per annum; all the advantages of notes destroyed by
tire, by water, by wear end tear, &c. as well as the
interest on Unclaimed Dividends, which though be.
longing of right to the oration (the notion even giving
you the per eentsge as if you should have paid them);
end above all you shall be allowed so shire 10 or II
per cast. every half year, sort to pot that money its
your pockets, with which you may go to market and
perches, kschequer Bills, end add profit to profit
( hesplog Yellin on Om till the mountaio of Mao.
trans melee the skies in height) ; ell this we, the
Ministers, will allow yes to do; and do for you,
because you encouraged and cherished that " Ilea.
wee-born Minister," Mr. Pitt, in his dete►mina-
tioe to go to war splint French opinions, lest
tbbse'opittitsna might infect the ■iith of the locert

of freedom bete t sod we have ell swots tb
follow and support Mr. Pm's system.—
The gr•tilude, therefore, to lb* Bank is for the
kindness, the sinister kindness, rendered to
that young rind estraysgtot Minister, by furnish.
log him with so mach specie for exportation, in the
wsy of subsidy, as the laws of the land forbad the
tending oat of the country on any pretence what-
ever ; bet which that extravagant, that most destrec-1
titre of all Ministers this country was ever mood
with, did send out of the country ender an inseleot
sueranes of a BILL of Innestxtry ! Here was the
first germ of the poisonous weed which has groan
up sad ove►.run the whole country.
Co where yes will it is Dank.note, Bank.note,
and the man who does not reed prialsi facie in that
paper the commercial ruin of this country, west be
either blind or unreflecting. When we sap commer.
cis! ruin, we do not won to ssaager•te in either
reasoning or the terms of our reasoning, for on
chat can the Bank Ingrid the hope of being able to
return to Cash Psymeots, hot the fall in the prim of
gold? ■nd what can occasion that fill bet • Wane*
of trade in our favour? Now where is Ike hope of Ibis
being therms*, whoa we lad that France, according
to lb* affirmations of the ultra:sive of the Bank
themselves, bat drawn into their mint no less than
5.000,000 of ear geld in the space of two years.—
We do not believe this account to the full, for it is
reined to (tighten the public into the pretest measure
of new restriction ; bet we do believe enough of it
to aware es that there is cot the smallest probability
of the Coarse of Escbsoge turning in nor f and
remaining so, long enough for the Bank le collect any
quantiiy of billion or coined money again. No, this
new anti paltry restriction will tend further to depress
thecredit of Bank Paper, and by that ninth, price of
commodities,by which circumstance the articles of corn.
wince we mansfactere for foreign cnassrusption will
be enhanced in price, and of course the demand pro.
portionately lessened, and the advmniege of cooped.
lion thereby thrown into she hands of ear
Now, in order justly to commiserate a man ender
misfortune, we should consider what ha occasioned
that misfortune. In this instance, the nose of it de-
serves punishment rather thin pity. Our ancestors,
who in these things were certainly us wise as we are,
intended to guard against the madness of Kings and
their Ministers, who might rush into wars for
personal aggrandisement, or other eqsally worth.
less motives, they therefore made it enlists!
to send mote than • certain sew of money out
of the country without the especial consent of
Parliament. They keew that money 'mild hire
'the flesh-mongers of the Continent to let out their
soldiers to fight against heaven or hell. The onion
of the view• of the Batik and Mr. PITT created a
power tantamount to Parliament. and they sent
stray the money in ship-loads ; the Bank having
at the same time not only a per cent•ge on that
specie, but a poundage on she piper which was to
represent it : besides a vast increase in their ordinary
profits from the segmentation of the nation's debt.—
Here wet the wicked, the avaricious motive, which
carnet fail in the cod to pull automatics on all who
upheld the system. The Bank, in its mercenary
view of making profit upon two capitals, the remittent
(specie or bullion), and the false one (paper), has
brought itself, or rather the wicked, tidecheroes,
and conniving Government into difficulty sad dis-
grace : for even now, its own concerns are inor.
dinately profitable. The patios, from the highest
land-owner and richest capitalist to the wretched
artists sod indefatigable Isboorter is paying' tax, not
to the ost ion, for thst would be proportionally to theme
solves, bet to the Bank. Whether or not it ever
pays its notes in specie, it will never clear itself of
the stigma of dishonour attached to its dealing. It
calls upon the People to suffer the evils of a ',baits-
lion of paper forcurreocy, and tells them that if fortune
turns out favourable to their concerns they will take op
their notes again. in the meanwhile they are reaping
the fruits of a surcossfel monopoly.
The opinion of a Noble Lord does not in the small.
est degree invalidate one of oar arguments, though
wean surprised to observe bow far his Lordship has
committed himself by that opinion. But the whole
is a cast, not far opiiiou, bat, as we have said, for
complete examination.

We shall take roccesinn to resume this subject, end
make some comments en the pi/wordings of last sight
in both Haase. of Parliament, and which, we ceder.
take to say, are the most estreordistary ever wit-
nessed.

The private letters of Friday last from Path,
which were received in town yesterday morning,
speak in noggin* terms of the improved prospects
of the monied market. The new measure lately
istraduced by ilia Minister of Finance, for creatleg
Stock Etching's in the pri.eip t towns of each de•
pamper'', metes to he that on eh:ch the speculation
principally rest their hopes. It is certals, however,
that the fonds hese been radially rising daring the
whole of last week. The Five per Cents. on Friday
last are quoted at 66. 90. with 13. 90. Car tie rate of
Caching.. The hysidatiorts for March have terms•
mated in the most faviserable minuet, sad the con•
tinoation for the month of April, which had heft at
70 cents. fell soddenly to 10.
It emirate that it is se at lAdy STUART, ille nsothet
of our Ambassador at Paris, who died on the 29th
▪ that (duly being then in good health, and haviag
only left town yesterday morning to proceed to that
capital. It most therefore haws been a lAdy of some I
other family who died and wag boded last week at
/Iris.

- .

• Ti TRA EDITOR or rap. STATeSMAN.

Fria,—l bop, my motive wilt not be miscnnstreed
by you in what I em going to say, when I saliently
alma yuts, after (wily years long that I have bran
grieved with this corrupt generation, I am snore
heart irpeeed thWs ever to make every rational
seed • the cense of liberty, or In other and
plainer words, to RADICAL Rum's. But then
what hope can I entertain, who ens more than eexa-
genoire, of seeing my wishes sod views prevail, and
which I may certainly denoiniaate the wishes end
views of every honest man of intellect, not warped by
oelf-loterest. When I see incilvideala daily falling off
trom the faith, [cannot help esciainsiog it is all in vein.
The straggle will (Twiner, bat it will be endless, the
victory will
spair, out of which 1 certainly should never be raised
If the whale merit of the case lay in men wholly, mod
not pertly in things. The comfortable reflection that
the tido of events will of itself sweep away men, how-
ever Wavily they say be posted to stop the progress
of the human stied in the obisiament of human free-
dom, brings we out of the dismal reverie. 1 have
lived to see a %seaman fall off and become inset,
lost to freedom's. I have use a BUSKS
lure renegade, end obtain, but not enjoy, a pen.
lion for his treachery. I have seen, and do still
see, Iwo great S. S. who owes were lank and
leen, as if from sympathetic grief for the suffer-
ings of their abased countrymen, now fattening
on the corrupt practices of the Court, and defending
all its eatravagant measures. I have 'mown a Fr.
Liz 111`CArrue rage in public against slavery, and
receive a stipend from the West India Merchants
for writing privately in fawner of its coolinsance.—
In sheer, I have well known the esthor of " Oruro
Aorsues," and have (melancholy to say) seen which
of de two be has chosen. In short, Mr. Ent rort,
these pew/opal-job have mede such a "kettle of
fish" of their cookery, and by their double distilled
patriotism produced each a nauseous slop, that it
weeld taro the stomach of an hosest coral-beaver to
see it.

Be assured, my friend, that all yen end half a
doses more sods staunch Reformers an do (thoegh
I too, not where we should find the■) will go for
little. An opiate msy quiet our minds nnw and thee,
I don't meats in 0. P. ■t Covent.pidan, net an
anodyne mai compose us,llll one oft hose events ocean
which wore bring @boot in the motel world, end
then we may wake spin to new life, new hope, sod
new and sect-moral esertioo.—'Till then I will remain
se I am now, very much your friend and constant
Reeder,
April 3. O. H.

(We hare laserted ssr Correspeadeva's Lefler, ihoseb it sr,
be roasidered y wise of oar Raiders 04 ealeelaved is Wier
*solar, rather Outs esti* hope of bolter pragmatics. It 0111
be observable, believer. that the *river iv us is seriors as he
would sleet to be, es he world be less disposed b persiag.)

The Sandwich packet has arrived from the Brazils.
The 'cements by her from Rio Janeiro are up to the
47th J y. They supply news of the capture of
several more Portuguese ships by privateers belong-
ing to the Indrpeodeuts, in addition to the long list
of those which has previously fallen into their hands.
It was said to b• in the contemplation of the Govern-
went, in consegairocr, to reduce the duties oa British
shipping end cargoes coming from Portugal (which
are at present so high as to amount to a total prohi-
bition) is order that the trade might be carried ow is
foreign ships. We have received • copy of a Con-
vention entered into by the Viceroy of Palm, en the
pail of Spain, and Capt. &tun rr, of the Andromache
frigate, for this country, allowing British weasels and
cargoes free entry at Callao and Lima. In coils,-
gooses of it a very considerable trade was carried •o
boluses Lima and Valparaiso.

An article from Harrower mentions that the Coos.
dllor of Legation Von STRALLMSIIIIII is to proceed to
Dresden to negociste, as behalf of the Hanoverian
Government, respectiog the navigation of the Elbe.
" It is hoped," says the writer, " that a more coo.
dilatory spirit will be shown ors all sides thou in the
discussions at Mentz on the navigation of the Rhine,
though the new Prussian Tariff cannot be passed ore,
Jo allow.. Who can. wittiest regret, see Embden go
to gain in the skin of peace, by foreign dirties and
commercial prohibitions i" 'f he evil thus anticipated
is traced to the commercial systems adopted by Em-
itted, Holland, and Prussia.

Tue SCILLY ISLA is highly gratifyiug to
as to learn, and we doubt nes it will ba equally so
to all those who have subscribed, and to those who
cam compassionately feel for the extreme vieriag
of the inhabitant. of the Scilly Islands, that a cacao
of potatoes. which bad been forwarded by the Com-
mittee for the appropriation of the Sobscriptious in
Bristol, arrived at St. Mary's at a Uwe whon it was
greatly needed—shen members of Ike inhabitants
were ,inking for scoot. The letters received free
the Committee at renzamot, state, that " the arrival
of the vowel fade etedrifsed the wretched sufferer.
with joy." Their sufferings are mob increased by
the which is at present raging amongst
them.

Some alterations in our Import Duties a►e report.
ed to lie contemplated, as connected with the im.
pronnwent of the Ileum's., amongst which, foreign
Clover Seed, it is sold, will be liable to an additional
dety of 255. per ewt., operating in the way of en-
couragomeet and protection to the farmer, as well as
making an increase of 60,U00t. in the Donau paid on
that ankle alone, even seppoelog the importation to
be lammed. The Consolidated Duties on it would
then be •beet 37,. per cwt.

The rase fee emigration from the neiehboorhood
of 1611 agrees the Atlantic, still coatinues. '1 wo
90111011 have cleared set for Q•etwe lately, Ca. the
Maids. ESTI LL, with 139; sod the Fame, MINMITT,
with 171 psuengers. Six or seven other vessels ore
laid on to take pail/niers for Canada, and the Unit-
ed Sates.

Vt4k. • • 11

li '

dr* ft.. • • .

ING.
GAT .1( ; 14-EFT

1 • 1

Yesterday *tea* a Meeting of Catholics took
place at the Croon and Anchor. Straod, Is cw.titler
of a Petition to Parliament, for unriaalitted Eman-
cipation.

Mr. T. MLISPIIT opened the business by obsere-
ing, that h► was sor►y no flue more competent •nd
consequential t►an himself had undertaken its COS-
mencomeni. Their object, however, war of a fair
and obvious nature, and therefore no estraordinary
talents were necessary for setting it ea foot. Neil
to eseertiog their claim to coogrileatires freedom,
was the pleasing duly of making their gratitude
known 10 those Protestant Noblemen and Gentl►.
men who had lately, In an enesampled spirit of !iv
tonality, forwarded Petitions to Parliament la fa-
ttier of Catholic Ernandpetion. Besides these
ohjects, It was desirable to uodeceive the Pah..
lie with regard to the pretensions of • certain
body, who had constiteted themselves Into slut
they called the British Catholic Board, and
ender this assumption had tampered in a most injurious
way with the interests of the Catholic Body ; where-
as, neither their institution, nor their authority, oar
their (reelections bad ever been Submitted le, or re-
ceived the acquiescence of, a Catlsolicbteetlag,pablic-
ly convened. The Petition, which was afterwards read,
prayed for an ■agsalified removal of all conditions
that shoaled religious belief, w bethe► of Protestants or
Catholics. It was agreed to withal dissent, as weirs
also the Resoletions which were proposed for giving
the sentiments of the Meeting their full elfert.

Lone STEWART sari Leer EMILY V4NE
. TEMPEST.

This lang.talked of olden took piste en Seterday
evening, at the residence of the Coentess of Antrim,
in Bruton-street, Berkeley-sqesre, where the happy
bridegroom led the blooming bride to the hymeneal
■ltar, precisely et nine o'clock. The ceremony was
performer!, by special licence, by Dr. Pelham, Lard
Bishop of Fatter. The Duke of Wellington s gave
the Lady away, end Miss Liddell had the hoover of
being selected as the principal bride's maid. The frost
drawing room was chosen for the perpnw, and
therein were present about eighty pm sons of fashion,
among whom were—

Prince Paul E4erkaav, Durkee, of 'mi. Earl ne
Aberdeen Earl rf Syr, no honer, V ',roar ~nd V ncoorre4 Carle-
numb, hart and Crest... 01 Reka•reelh. Ilarellinn and list -
ebinser of Cambrian nod Ike lArkes Penn; her hoojamia
Lard lie•ode Murray, Lu.l and
Lady sumo. Woo.l, Lady Cier.l.ae Padget sir
Timms and Lady Liddell, Mr. nod Mt, W.-11e.ley P..le.
red Rev. rierrad.Wellerek. Mn. Croke, iII • V lc,-Chrueeljae.
Lord sod Lady Idonodotoo. Moedasald.

The bride was dresSed is a suprrb robe of Brus-
sels Ism sod looked very lateroating.
At half-past ten a new travelling chariot, *scowl.
ingly neat, arrivrd frogs Ligoorpond-strett, sad. *kb
roar horses, ihe firmly-warded couple set off for
North Clay, io Kaot (Lord sad Lady Castlinglea
villa), to past the bouey-soon. _ _ _

All the Gest',men present were is fell dreg',
wearing all their stars and orders. lady Castlereagh,
among the meteors, appeared in • Spanish hat of
black velvet, ornamented with pearls, and a plane
of white feathers.

no servants of the boom wore soperb liveries of
crimson, richly ornamented with gold lace.

N4VAL INTELLIGENCE.

DEAL, APRIL s.—Camo down from the River dm
Old Maid, Allen, for Grenade ; Deli. of York,
Anderson, for Jams's.; Laurel, Jones, for St. Do-
mingo; Amazon, Everard, for ditto; Sophia, Blickett,
for Quebec ; Amity, Spurs, for ditto ; Barbuda..
Picket, Garrick, for St. Loci.; Prince of %Vittorio°,
Gray, for Halifax ; Reliuee, Ilurrisoo, for Buenos
Ayres; Sarah, Weeiberly, for klirsmichi ; Roberto,
for Bilboe ; Mary, Duon, for Quebec; and
several others, particulars unknown—the whole Imo
sailed.

PO•TSMOUTIH, APRIL 5.--Arrived his Majesty's
ship Abandons., f►oas the Downs for St. Helena ;
sad Mary, Barclay, for Jamaica.—Sailed the
Jetsam*, Charlotte, and Grant, for Cadiz.
FALMOUTH, A rat:. S.—Arrived the Polar. Ernest
packet, with • Mail, from Lisboa, in 13 days.—
Sailed the Doke of Kent packet, with • Mail, for
Lisbon ; and L'Alile, Starbeck, for the Swath Seas.
HARWICH, APRIL s.—Arrlted the FArl of (Alai.
ter •nd Ifeery Fleeting packets, both with Mails,
free Holland. The Cezhateu Mall still remains.

The brig Charles (rein Hotl to
Lisbon, got oa shore on the Kentish Knock, in thick
weath►r, on the morning of the 3d lost. bet was as.
assisted oil by a Margate boat's crew, wilbont da-
mage, and proceeded on her voyage.

The Governors of the Rigel Dispensary for D...
Pale, of the Esr hese presented Mr. Cones, the
Sergeon of that institution, with a superb piece of
plate, as a token of the high estimation they entertain
of his professional abilities, end for his great atten-
tion lo the Patients placed ender his care at that use-
ful Charity.
Oa Saturday the Lottery finished. Ilisrt (es meal)
sold more Capitals than an) other Otrace.heeper.—
The elo,ooo Brine which he Shared west as (el.
lows:—

A (Pinner in Ilereinrd
A. triiitlith in Saftrnn Wattle,.
As I.s h.h lo Sitto,o‘k
A Shhenile is kluir4nsd
A Si %fres.), to Nrittl.spoo
A Siattnivio In Ihrtiono%
A %month in litionburett
A SitVivito to lisjerarorit,
A Sitteestit to Maidon
A Si limo% I. 14..rthwasploss
A Sitteestb MI Registered.
In a few days Ursa intends publishing the places
vr!gele his to!Lef Cap lass went to, but he never lora-
tioos the (taws of the fortunate perchance.
