Vigo, August 3, ma.

Sir R. Wilson has just engaged a small British schooner
in the Newfoundland Trade. to take himself. Captain Hrs.
kine, and two or three others. who are still with him. to
Cadiz. The few troops that remain here (about 300) are
sow going to Bayonna. (in Galicia,) with a view of ren-
dosing it defensible. Every boat in the harbour is pressed

STOCK EXCIIANOt, O'CLOCK.—consols opened at 82/1,
got np to j, and are now oi, with much business doing.—
The express from Paris brings the French Rentes at 91-93.
--Spanish, 341—Scrip at Penis ll—Spanish Bonds here
are 3'4—Russian 84-I.:olombian 631—French Scrip I.

t is understood that the contract for the Colombian loan
has been ratified, sod that, in conwqttence of this, proposals
(or another loan will soon be brought forward.

The only hope of a speedy termination of the French
aggression in Spain, in favour of the infamons principles
which actated it, rests on cheating the Cortes into a mock
treaty; we are, therefore, not surprised that the French.
partisans here recommend negociation so loudly, and affect
to consider that it will succeed. That the dominant faction
in Entland would also be glad of a compromise, by which
the vu gar common sense of the Spanish Constitution might
be mystified by the introduction of two Chambers of Legis
lation, and a few other of the blessings which distinguish
the " envy and admiration of the world," is also very likely.
But surely the Cortes of Spain will never listen to any pro-
posals, which will be at once to them, the precursors of
certain death, and of ere:lasting infamy. They have
already taken the only ground which can offer thetu any
security. What are the facts? The Cortes refused to
negotiate upon any modification of the Spanish. Cowin.-
lion, at the request of France, and under the threat of an
invasion, if they did not consent to the proposed modifies
tions. The invasion took place; and while the French
were successful in their advance, and hoped to carry their
point by operating on the fears of some, and the avarice
others, we heard nothing of negotiations. The King was
to be liberated by the French army ! The old system was
to be restored by the French army! Every thing was to
be done by the French army! But it was soon discovered
that the French army was not equal to its preten-
sion. Force has failed—bribery has failed—and if
the Cones are firm for but a short period further, the fraud
on foot at present will jitil also. We could scarcely ere
dit that the Cones could be weak enough to listen to any
proposed terms; yet it was so confidently asserted they hail,
that we feared the possibility of its truth. But we gather
from the over-anxiety of the New Times this morning, that
there are no negotiations opened—that it is only the intel-
ligence from Perin which " le..ds to the belitithat negotia-
" tions for peace will'soon be opened." Thank [leaven, they
arc not opened ! Could we stand upon the summit of the
highest mountain in Spain, and have the whole population
of that country for our hearers, we would tsclaim—" Ne.
" gotiations with the French will be ruin to your hopes*
and seal the bond of Infamy upon your names to your
" latest posterity. A little p • nee, akw short weeks
"of sufferings, will give you endless glory, and the rank of
" freemen !" We cannot indeed see how any negotia,
tion can be opened. The Cortes are in possession of the
King; but if they could be bane enough to give him
up to the French, and he were re.eecorted to Ala-
drid, would Mina lay down arms ?—would the Buena's*
throughout the country submit ? We are assured they would
not ; and that the formal restoration of the old despotism

_

V

• •
tint+ I,erlitrapd woulikrequire.thr times the lumber of
the Preach troops now In Spain, to maintain its apparent
authority. Guerillas ii every province would be in arms
against it ; and the Freneli would ultimately be compelled to
abandon their imagined triumph. A silly correspondent of
the New Times, some baby from the 'Bursary of uniedged
reporters, who has Fero to Paris, to make news, writes is
the following sagacious nianoer:—

" The alarmists make a gteat noise about the resistance
of Mien in Catalonia. In a military point of vale this
re,istance is tts be regretted. it is to be lamented, too, fur
the sake of humanity, that many lives should be sacrificed
in vain. But in a political point of view it is of no impart-
nice sit all. When the deliceretnce e the King shall have
been accomplished, the war will be over, for it has no other
object. Besides, all the other Provinces eve free, and their
population receive us as liberators. Every thing shows
beyond question that the restoration If the King to free.
dons is all that is necessary to destroy the feeble remains of
oppo•ition."

This was the ridicalons hope which helped to lead the
French into their present dilemma. They did not see that
there was muck more to be done than to deliver the King.
lie was to be restored to a situation which be is utterly in-
competent to till. lie was to be placed on a pinnacle on
which he cannot stand alone. His restoration to freedom.
would be only the escape of a Madmen from his cell—a
general hue and cry would be instantly raised to have him
caught, and safely caged again. No true Spaniard
will ever pardon Ferdinand his past offences, or
trust him with the power of committing new crimes.
lie is proscribed by the sentence of all laws, human and
divine, from the possession of any power, if the tranquillity
of the Peninsula be desired. There is, therefore, no
basis for any treaty with those who hold him in trust for
the peace of the country. What secirity will he offer to
the Cortes for even their personal safety ? His oath ! It
is not worth a rush. The examples of the Kings of Naples
and Portugal, shew that perjury is a repel virtue! The
honor of the French would be the next pledge, and will he
just as worthless. The Cortes would deservedly be thrown
into chains, and dungeons, and led to well-merited scaf-
folds, amid the derision of the gibing multitude, for
the folly of having reposed confidence on a ty-
rant's oath, or in an infamous invader's promises.
They would become the bye-word, and the jest of
those who had deluded them, and the hatred of all who had
hoped better from them.

The Judges of Ireland are reading some very wholesome
lessons to the local Magistracy of that usisapprisiand.—
Half of the evils there have arisen from the dread of call-
ing knaves professing loyalty, to account for their mis-
deeds. This. while it encouraged crimes ageing the peo-
ple, produced desperation atnexist them ; and in the utter
impossibility of obtaining legal indemnity, those who were
outraged had recourse to outrage in return. The present
examples of punishing corrupt Magistrates, will have frr
more effect tl an a hundred Insurrection Acts; for the one
is striking at the root of the evil, while the other is only
pruning its branches. Though the Marquess of Wellesley
has not done much, in the way of regenerating Ireland, he
has but begun the work ; and if the Catholics will only se-
cond him with the courage of men deserving freedom, they
will yet acquire it.

Is our paper of to-day, will be found a most important
document, beaded " yea *err." It is of a two-fold
nature ; and purports to he, first, the report of the proceed-
ings of a Court Martial in India; and secondly, comments
upon those proceedings by our " Commander in Chief."
It will furnish much food for useful cogitation; and we are
sorry that we cannot now devote more space to an examina-
tion of it. The history of the facts is as follows:--1 Court
Martial was held at Bombay, in October last, upon Lieut.
Col. Robison, on charges p:eferred by the Commander
inCbief in I odia,fur titanic terisi ng some government proceed-
ing towards himself as an"unwarrantable,tyrannical esercise
" of authority which reduced every officer in India toe state
" of slavery equal to that of the Gentlemen in the Russian
" service ;" and for declaring that lie expected no redress
from a government which had acted so wrongfully towards
him. This nas the substance of the first charge. The second,
was for a letter, in %Lich the Colonel, hoped "the head
of the Government would promulgate that it was resolved
" to turn officers opt of the country, without regard to their
" interests, or their health, if they dared to utter a single
unpleasingrommrnt upon publ:c affairs." The third charged
" geueral censure of the Indian Commander, in stating
" that be had been guilty of niece ahnae of power than any
" for the lastso years."TheCourt Martial find him guilty of
the facts, as indeed they could not& otherways, the charges
seeming to be founded upon published letters; but tbey is
out the sting, by omitting the word scandalous in the
charges ; thereby leavieg it to be inferred, at leas,
that the right was on his side ; and, seeming to act epee
this inference, they merely sentence him to be reprimand-
ed. So far, all is perhaps correct ;--but the Commander
in-Chief in England undertakes to review this sentence,
and to censure the Cuurt Martial, in seek terms as oar
judges of old hare rated juries when verdicts did not please
them. The accused party is dead ; but the fact of a Court
Martial having reasoned upon the matter is not to be over-
looked. The sentence is railed at, as " jai:deplete, mml
inconsistent ;" and a silly tautological remark is made that
the olfenevs war " equally a violation of the discipline of
the army, as they were a breach of that " siefriersto aid
respect" due to the Indian " officer." The death of larut•
Col. Robison, ought to hare prevented this attack upa his
memory. He died on his passage home. lle foil grief-

•
