THE STATESMAN.

rpttent Government. IVe are also as.tured that
••t,i,tt Itertiand has been inr•on. in thii city from
;lid it is repor►ed that General Ilelleti, one
of the accused, has attempted to destroy himself.

1;) NIORROW WILL BE THE SECOND DAY (W
DU A WING, WHEN THE :AIM TICK ET D!' AWN
A PRIZE ABOVE £l5, WILL It ECEIVL £2:,00J.-
OpiLY ONE DAY MORE TO DRAW.

rt Mltil4
0
CI
1
1

Dne

P 4 tr.• 'VP' STOCKS THiS
II:tn. '.:58
lent. Red. 65.
4 p.. Cent l'"nt 65iji
4 r. t 14`213
5 po! Cerra. Nay% 9-11 f

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
'amt. Ann. 10 7-1 G
India Bond% 19 17 p
Huller!!lpr Eills 1 3 p
Otnnititti 1 El
Cm w)1. fur Ace 6541

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

TUVIISDAY, J.\ NU uty 2G. 1815.

A Dutch Mail, end Brussels and Frankfort Papers
t late rl rtes arrisial this forenoon. The intelligence
w Welt they bring is of considerable interest. The
s ate business arranging at Vienna, and the national
leans, which are taking their shape and character
from the tone and turnings of the negociations, are,
rif course, the chief subjects. The accounts from
Vie Austrian capital are not of a later date than the
articles we had occasion to notice yesterday ; but it
wiH be seen by the extracts we subjoin that the coin-
menicatimis from the seat of deliberation, make us
a .spialtited with some important and fresh particulars.
issid Casa-Lens t6u received dispatches from his
ti..vernment on the lOth instant, which are believed
to lease coutaiiied fresh instructions for his guidance,
amidst the political Scyllas and Cliarybdises with
• Ich he is sorrouniled. The precise nature, how.
rve-r, of these instructions cannot be supposed to
hair. transpired. The most profound uncertainty
coutinned respecting the discussions. A letter of the
11 ih says, the negociations have taken a more favour-
aide turn ; but it is impossible to reconcile the measures
that are openly going on with a holief of this kind.
Reserve and distrust have token the place of hilarity
▪ uncial intercourse among the SovereignS, and
though they remain at Vienna, it appears more from
cecessity than goo.: st ill. '1 hey are mixing less in
tint pleasures of society, and are expected every day
to depart without havieg come to any thing like a
satisfactory and Goal altjeStnierit of the points under
slkossion. The businsis of warlike preparation is
Fain:; on late and early in the offices of the Austrian
(lsvernment, under the very nose cf the assembled
S .sereigns, who en their part, are also sending out
" nhirlwisd isarratits to rouse the slumbering
of war," and prepare to begin tile work of
Tile intelligence from Vs'arsa.a, aml the
us'slitery accoen:s I: ow Brussels, e, Lich will be found
a 'smug the nrticles we quote from t:.e Cerinan Papers,
Pie sulficicntly indicathe of the hostile measures still
tleemed necessary. The Poles are not quite satisfied
v+ it:. the fate that seems to await their country, and
Fpnce appears determined not to permit Prussia to
sproacti her frontier.
foe G'. man Paper, called the stlgcntcige Zeilang,
• the inst., says, the Note so much expected
f, ill Austria, Eneland, and other Powers, has been
delivered to the Congress, and, it is known, that
ll.e convents are very concili lusty and fovourabie to
I ease ; hut this, like other accounts of the same na-
tine, cannot be reconciled with the active prepara-
tions ever ‘,' where risible for war, and the dissatis-
la 'ions t....t are ktioau to exist at the Congress.
Tse Vivant' falters convey some interesting haus-
relative to the conspiracy lately discovered in
lisle. Most of the conspirators are military men,
safi they had been can nig on an extensive corres-
:•nndenee, vsi.ich is said to have beet' connected with
Ist.ind of Eiba. It has excited great alarm. We
• f..t'oear fie:a further observation to give the
a. have 1;:eu a:lL:ling to :--
lENN 1. JAM. 11.—An English State Messenger
:sere last with Dispatches of the highest
for Lord Castlereagh. It is believed that
Iss) eostaie fre..l isst teethes fur that 'Minister.—

iii soia;ion.

'1..0 most profound uncertainty continues respecting I
lie" Okc.isslons between the prireipal Powers. Noland
1,; ::,11rty are still the appnrcat points of flidiculty.
:`l3llCe Afsenle to insist hint Ileassi, bhill be removed
f `l.lll her frontirr4.-- in the ”.:List of ihese impcn'ant
gociations, snore gravity and reserve are observed'
u prevail even in the midst of fetes and pleasures.-
-'rhe Negociators seem afraid that their secrets '
ra..y he guessed at, and indulge teach less in the
isly:ecures of society. On the other hand, the arrival
a d departure of Couriers is incessant. The Chan-
.'rry is extremely busy ; and in the War Office they
)10:1; till late he the night. The Coarse of Exchange
(loci. not rise, but is rather progressively declining.
—All these are indeed but appearances, which may,
Dort:ape, deceive us, but they excite alarm, and are
fficient to inspire fear.
The public attention is in' some measure directed
from the negociations by the conspiracy in Italy.—
.NlO4 of the conspirators are military man ; they had
-a correspondence irauscany, in the kingdom of Na-
ples, and in the Isle of Elba. A Neapolitan Gene-
ral, who was applied to, to join in the conspiracy,
I.qicovore4 it to King Joachim, who hastened to in-
form General &Organic. On a certain day there
a as ,to have bees I new Sicilian vespers. The con.

spiratnEa.will be publicly tried at Milan by a Tribunal
instituted for that purpose. It is the general wish
that the conspirators, when convicted, may be se.
verely punished.

The Allegemeine Zczlung of the 15th of Jannary,
says, " The Note so much expected from Austria,.
England, and other Powers, has been delivered to
the Congress, and it is known that the contents are
very conciliatory, and favourable to the combination
of the harmony which has hitherto prevailed among
(he great Sot ercigns."
VIENNA, JAN. 11.—The negociations have taken
a more favourable turn within a few days, and it is
now nearly certain, that the difficulties relative to Po-
land and Saxony are either removed or on the point
of being so. We fear only that the Sovereigns having
been so long detained, will depart before all is finish-
ed, which would protract the provisional state in
which Germany is.

. Waassw, DEC. 27.—A very numerous Polish
army is organizio.. The Poles enrol themselves
with zeal, though they are not quite satisfied with the
I've that seems to await Poland. It appears, that
the re-establishment of our kingdom will not be com-
plete, either in respect of the territory, or of its in-
dependence. What was formerly incorporated %%Oh
Prussia, remains united to it, so that it can only be
the Duchy of Warsaw which will be made iuto a
kingdom, and • be united with Russia, precisely as
the kingdom of Italy was with France a year ago.
We expect the speedy publication of oar new Con-
stitution, in which Alexander himself is employed at
•
Vienna.

BRUSSELi, JAN. 19.—1 t is still reported that the
Prussian troops on the Rhine (notwithstanding all
the accounts to the contrary) are taking a strong
position, and the fortifications are putting more or
less in a state of defence ; and in general, that the
military measures continue till the Congress shall
have put an end to the anxiety of Europe. Our
provinces, however, suffer by this state of things.
Deserters, ill-disposed persons, and even criminals,
easily find an asylum by retiring from the one terri-
tory into the other, and hence arise robberies and
house-breakings) particularly in the neighbourhood
of Namur.

HAGUE, JAN. 20.—We have been for a consider.
able time informed of the extraordinary joy which
the news of our recovered independence excited in
the East India possessions. This k now confirmed
by an address from the Dutch Colonists at Batavia,

dated 3d June, 1314, containing the warmest expres.
sions of fidelity and love to the Prince Sovereign,
and of inviolable attachment to the mother ountry.
The expressions of their laudable feeling was'acconl.'
panied by the subscription of large sums in aid of
the public treasury. The lists were not closed when
the accounts came away ; but the Governor-General,
Siberg, has sent 2500 florins for the relief of his
poor and worthy countrymen in [Tolland; for which
handsome present, the Secretary of State is ordered
to signify to him•:the particular satisfaction of his
Royal Highness.
LEIPSIC, J.N. 11.—A report is current, which,
however, does not seem probable, that the Saxon
troop, will return to Saxony, and be assembled be-
hind Dresden.

The French Papers to the 21th have arrived. They
re-ec;io some of the statements made in the articles
above quoted from the Dutch and German Paper►,
but furnish nothing additional from Vienna. 'The
Monitenr is quite barren. The folios ing are from
the Gazette de France :

HANoven, JAN. B.—Holstein is definitively eva-
cuated by the Russians. The Russian columns march
in regular succession from Ilamburgh. The Read-
quarters of the army will he removed from that city
ou the 15th or 16th. The Commander in Chief,
Gen. Bennigsen, is in daily expectation of a courier;
with his final orders, from the Emperor Alexander.
NArr.cs, JAN. 3 —According to every thing which
we can hear our Monarch has the best possible under-
standing with all the Allied Sovereigns. Notwith-
standing which the Court of Rome has lately adopted
a style of language breathing a tone of importance
w/ ich it hitherto has not : assumed.—.--They
of a Pcoclamation of the Pope's, daily
c‘vected to nppear, which they say is principally
directed ng ou.- Court. The) add, that his Ho-
listess has ntready notifiNl to King Joachim's Consul
at itome, that he should dkcontinue to consider him
as a regular Diplomatic Agent, and that he had no
character in which he cool,: ti cat him as such. In
consequence of which the Consul %%es desired to adopt
a mole reservvd mode of conduct, and was forbidden
the visits at his house of any persons disagreeable to
the Sovereign Pontiff, or who might draw upon him
(the Consul) the attention of the vigilant Roman Police
—that many of his visitors were persons suspected
by the Court, and that his whole conduct would be
accurately watched.

Nothing of this has yet officially transpired, but
there is no doubt of the fact.

MADRID, JAN. 10.- The English Ambassador
bes left us. England is extremely dissatisfied with
the ungrateful return our Monarch has made for the
important services that nation pretends to hare ren-
dered us. The English Cabinet is much disgusted
with the assertion which our Government makes, that
the expulsion of the enemy is owing entirely to our
own efforts.

~
The iatetligence which the mass of Foreign News-
papers lately received has afforded; gives rise to the
most serious considerations. Wherever we look the
picture is equally gloomy—from the Mediterrrtner
to the Baltic, one scene is exhibited of confusion,
discontent, and alarm. In Spain, the " Beloved
FERQIN.IND," wielding in one hand all the terrors
of the Inquisition, and in the other the stern power
of despotic authority, has involved the whole king-
dom in universal apprehension and dismay—that
dreadful Tribunal, whose laws, like DItACO'S, are
.
written in blood, has been let loose upon the coun-
try 'in the full plenitude of its pristine horrors, and
a gloomy priestly manic, the most fatal to civil and
moral freedom of all kinds of enthusiasm, has placed
an interdict that nature disowns, but fears to break,
on the noble prize so lately presented to her ambi-
tion.

1 We are now, indeed, told, that FEIMINAND has
at length given orders to suspend Lis rigorous pro-
ceedings against the party called the Liberates; but
can we rely on this intelligence ? Is there any thing
in the recorded character of this feeble Sovereign—
recorded in the life-blood of the most patriotic of
his subjects, to warrant a belief that his GO'vernment
has so suddenly changed its system of persecution to,
a merciful and liberal policy ? and as hence arose this
reported inclination to clemency ? Sprung it from
conviction or from despair ? Superstition cannot
change its nature; and instances of royal repentanceari
few. It is not asserted that FERD7NAND has changed,
or has even the power of changing his Councillors.
The Anti-liberals are yet too numerous cud power-
: ful in Spain. A clerical Government is one that
loves not reform, and is generally, in its own esti.
mistime all sufficient. England has succeeded, at
an enormous expence, in freeing Spain from the do-
mination of France, but the work of moral' regene-
ration is yet to be performed. Perhaps no nation
on the earth stands so much in need of this, and of
e...
political and military reformation as Spain ; but
until the Spanish Pelle rind their Sovereign can see
through other eyes than those of Priests, this-refor-
mation will not be effected ; and unluckily tired
they can be better satisfied with the way in which
we_eenducted the war in Spain,—till they are con-
vinced we had more liberal views than merely making
i their country the scene of our battles, and the
theatre of our ambition, they ell! not be eager to
!takeelessons in the science of Government, and im-
-1 bibe tehnrror of ro.-ruetions and abuses from us.—
The unpopularity of the Cortes was, in a great rues-
• sure, easing to the friendly disposition they showed
toward? England; but it should be known, that even
this body was by no means united in the Wish and
li ses policy of improving. the temper of the alliance
with Great Britain. The declared object of-the war
on our part, and the known advantage Iv I Lis the se-
paration of the Colottie, would codes epon us, may
account, in some degree, for this. If we could per.
ceive the Spanish Government laying a tax on Church
property, abolishing the fequisition, and encouraging
industry, we should have some hope of it. Bet the
enemies of all that kind of policy n • yet the leaders.
Proceeding northwards—in France we find every
thing in the most 'inset!! state. Within these few
days past the reader of liberalized feeling must have
perused, with deep intereet, the pirate intelligence
from Paris. Louis XVIII who is doubtless a vi-
sionary,though an amiable man, appears also ton much
under the influence of the priesthood, to regulate hit
conduct precisely according to the scale suited to a
nation where a 20 years revolution has opened the
eyes, and enlightened the understanding of a people
proverbial throughout Europe for acuteness of had-
lect. Thus wo see that the silly attempt of an
ignorant Mouk to withhold the rights of sepulture
from a respectaide woman, who had, for nearly 60
years, filled an elevated nick in FOCit IV, merely be-
cause s',e had chGsett the stage for her pro-
replete I:as-haps from necessity, le:tonally excited
a convulsion which might have been attended
with the most serious consequences, and which
imposed upon the King the imperious, but
mortifyiee necessity, of conceding to a second de.
putation of the insurgents, that %illicit he too perti-
naciously refused to the first. This speaks the state
of that country in a language too plain to be under.
stood, nor can all the misrepresentations of the
hireling press alter the plate fails. Again wt tee'
that Sour.r, in his anxious zeal to show his attach-
ment to his new Master, has lighted a flame in
the affair of General EXCELMANS, that he will
find all his talents and ferocity unequal to ex-
tinguish. The whole garrison of Paris has been
removed to the Provinces. The regiments com-
posing it, separated from each other, and marched
in different directions. But %% ill this alter their sen-
timents? will it not coltfirtn them in opinions which
they must have been known to have been well
grounded in, before so strong a measure as the
breaking'Op of the whole garrison of tke Metropolis
• would have beep determined upon ! It is absurd to
suppose, that the new regime either is or can be per-
fectly secure in the sett. The People cannot forget
. that they so long su Tered under the dominion of the
Trieste, and if the Clout:Basis are determined to re-
instate them in authority, a second revolution, more
decisive as to them, than tho first, n ill most probably
'..be the.natural consequence.

the

In Holland nothing cap be seen in the least degree
satisfactory. The unnatural union of the phlegmatic
Dutchmitrao' the BrOanter, two Chiracters as claim-
ent to each other as two animals of the same species
can possibly he) cau uever be affected without an

opposition which ay end in blood! An imme:lse
A
army in British - , near 100.000 troops (35,000
of which are British), and 12,000 more announced
in the Ministerial journals as on. the point of em.
barking to rend* irce them, is no great proof that
affairs are going on there in the most satisfactory
manner. If the people are satisfied sech an army is
unnecessary, and if they are not, no army will be
sufficient to keep them down.
In Germany, one general scene of confusion pre:
volts; with what astonishment do we look back at
the Manifestos and Declarations of the Allied Sore.:
reigns on their entering France last year; how differ.
ent is their practice from their promise; the whole
system of Boir.te.t urn is re-performing on an en.
larged scale ; and, ' the Congress of Vienna bids fair
to outdo any •of that. fallen M0114101'5 systems of
of - - whole German

partitioning and
ereigns" is to
to his satisfac.
.tempted worse
the m. .:t vio.
The poor King
o be violently
because Ihe King
nece,siry to .the

ether hand,

thinks Poland
necessary to the security of his southern frontier !
and these are the object., for v. hich Great Britain
has been lavishing miilien after million I—for which
we have groaned under the evils of that monstrous
opi.ression the Income Tax f—for which•we are now
called upon to continue it, until this " round-
ing of dominions" shall be cclnple.cd !---In
vain do we cry out against that damnable trill'.
Fick the Slave Trade, when we agree to make
:lanes of ten millions of people, %hose rights are
equal to our own—to make them slaves of the wont
class! for the poor unenlightened ithicao feels not
so acutely the mental agony whit+ the Pole will suf-
fer, whose understanding is better cultisated, by the
influence of education. No slavery can, be so corn.
plete as that which prevails univetsally nutter the
Russian authority. Every human being, who labours
on the estate, is the property of the land-owner : and
can be transferred, by sale, to a fresh proprietor,
at his pleasure. The whole population are the abso-
lute vassals of the Monarca, a,,d oan be called forth
and compelled to bear arms at his individual will!
and yet this is the result of the crusade which had
for its object the liberatincr of Europe!

Circulir letters have been sent to most of the
Moist eral Members, requirimr their attetidence is
their places r.:, the 9-'1 0" F,:oruary next, the day on
whirl& hot!. ilouses of Parliament meet.
It is expected that tit, Counii Meeting at
Sloe mar Let,. on Monday next, will-be very folly at*
tended, both by the land-owners and occopiers, to
oppose the renewal ci the obnoxious Property Tax;
and also to suggest some means of relieving P. lire.,
set tlarmitt. depression of t 1..! riming interest, for
which, we hear, distinct Petitions will be prepared ;
but let it be remembered, that relief from the heavy
' miclor which agriculture now labours front
the othm. 'War Taxes of double duty on malt, and
more than threefold on agricultural horses, bears
little less heavy upon the farmer that the recent in-
crease, both of rent and tithes ; none of which can
be paid at the present reduced price of the produce
of the earth; though accompanied by the most hide.'
fatigable industry.
A Meeting of the county of Essex will be held on
Monday next, at Chelmsford, to Petition Parliament
against the continuance of the Property Tax.
A Requisition for a Meeting of the county of
Kent, to Petition against the renewal or revival of
the Property Tax is nlrendy numerously signed.
I The measure of Petitioning Parliament against the
continuance or renewal of the Property Tax, appears
general throughout the kingdom. A Requisition to
tho Mayo', to convene a general Meeting for that
purpose, is now in agitation amongst some of the
principal inhabitants of this city, conceiving that
method to be the most regular, and convenient to
the citizens at large.—(Exeter Piper.)
At a respectable Meeting of the Inhabitants of the
parish of Twickenham, in the county of Middlesex,
on Thursday, the 12th instant, a Petition against
the continuance of the Income Tax was agreed to be
presented to Parliament by the Members of the
County.
A numerous Meeting of the Inhabitants of the
town of Barnstaple and its neighbourhood, was hold
on the ltftli instant; -the Mayor in the Chair, to
Petition Parliament against the renewal of the Pro.
perty tax ; when a Petition was unanimously agreed
to, and directed to be presented by the Members for
the Borough, with a request that they will support
the prayer of the same.
The Loan Pftovo;r of Glasgow tas, upon a Re-
quisitien, called a public meeting to consider the
tax on cotter..

`eves al Resolutions on the depressed state of the
Corn Trade, and a Petition to. Parliament for legisla.
tive relief, were unanimously agreed to at a Meeting
held at Lodclon last week.

CrOnnd WAnntx has erected a corn mill and
browery neftr his residence between Tonbridge and
Tunbridge NVells, from which he supplies the poor
and labc„uting families, with ftdur and beer at prime
cost..

TUesday 'being the anniversary of the birth-day of
the lamontrd CIRRI:ES JAMES Fox, the Fox Club
met at the Britsh Tavern to commemorate the same.
Mr. beNtsev was in the Chair.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
Emit India-house, when Captain SUTTON was SWUM
into the command of.the Witmer Castle, destined to
Chink direct.
The late Canteen of the Barracks pt Iftddington,
Scotlana, was .destroyed by Are on tho morning of
Thursday se'anight ; it is Got. known how it oil.
givated.

despotism and 4tindowniiies." The
spire is again to be, cyt up in fresh pa
riding, nit, • of the "kraal Sol
alto a dominions"
In, we stio o pation ati
an the worst;., ' n -disgraced
it of Ntirnt.ttitt's 'artiangercents.
S %lorry, anal hit whote race ale ti
possessed ofth*inlieritance, beet
Puussia -that kingdom nm
roandingsof Ids own;" while,
a " magnanimous ALEXANDER" t
