Ina. .1 torte "PRP Inn Mork% of doing tsar, Amt.
and tt:alahip, who, even in the opinion of his
stlreilets„ was tint evil, on %jar 04 Solomon, ui,for.
Innately generally rho.' the now. At all woo) lirt*
hirelings of a nosed niter-. toot knights of 1110 post
and Loichts of the pnohao may warn.-.rill to. pr.,
poly and tee lea., %vatic sloulel n.lorsils be Won
Iwo a Flame sullitient to cnst••me the riry by them
worthy r hitracters. in nyder to
psi-
moo ; urpome The Kerma: et Smithfield was a
bleofit.d f th. sort which be had juts described: a
I itsz• 101 i.ary form net itatior..4 in the n•iet-
booth lofit ; Harrison wee arrayed in ihe midst
if it I Mil was Intpitinnll: he wools, not say (list it
was a trap; f tit if it eras, the Radicals had too mach
Kcal sense to fell into it. The mote game was to be
plated at Nlsncliester. hot there Mr. !lent had afar.
ly all. by waiting on the Megidiacy. and
4.lT.ring In surrender birnitolf In their eimintly If they
hell •oy charge agaiost him. The Magistrates. hoe.
ever, atm t.nt to he turned from their ;wpm ; they
had dr.frrinine.l upon having • grand military spec.
tact.; there eat In he • eland soap de main, follow.
ed It) a 1,1•61 coup de sabre. to emote the Redicets.
Ersira poison k,orli of •he disputes which vast in the
rosouracititing di.trirts het wefts the matters soft their
nom. and tow ',aurally they mat tend to stir op 11l
111,...,1 h , Aeon theta. Was it, then, either wise or
hemline 10 hound on the masters with Nash sharpeotil
111%•0111111 against their men, in miler that they Might
Imbue their awards in blond? With regard to this
point, there costa only be ewe opinion throughout
the country : the lagistre.,..es sad Ministers might
oppleed them. but nobody else could. They slid net
even get with the courage of men, Or the order of
soldiers : it was proved at the Inquest that their
looks were pale; this peleoess of Mega was a proof of
their cowardice; it was also proved by the testimony
of a men who hail been et Waterloo, that they sat on
their horseshit, so many monkeysio-this was ito great
proof of their excellettce as emitters. Though the
coutitry viewed a stealing army with the utmost jea-
lousy, it was only just to those who bed defended the
liberties and enhanced the glories of our country. to
observe that these men had shown themselves not only
brave bat generous. An Alcor of the Dragoons had
repeatedly knocked •p the swords of the Youngest',
end reclaimed shame at their bras' ferocity. If his
nem. were known at the llorse Goads. it might, in.
deed, impede ••it prontoti.,a, but it would remain halti
lowed in the respect • od veneration of his count ry mew. 1
After etteiboting the Piton Revues applesto of
these admire to his lionesses of she mil state of the
case, Ilse worthy Gentleman proceeded to observe,
that if hie 5110.010's \Holsters Weeded ,hie aim.
city In serve es a prelude to lbe establishment
of a military police in this toontry—i--if they
mead it as a decimation of their resolution
to dragoon its inhabitants into slavery—if Lad
leres6h was so infatuated with his bleeds of the
14.1, Alliance, es to with to introduce their system
of goveistoseist into this happy land, they mutt have
perceiaed by this time that she blood spilt at Man.
cheater is not one hundredth part of what is omens.
ry for their purpose ; they must bate seen that they
will have to watle a rough the hest blood of Kngland
to effect it ; and must have minted, that alter all,'
they might be covered themselves silk dismay, atm
billion, and destruction. 'lt wan an rib,miretion,
he
of the great Lord Dithrigh, that England could
he ruined *seep% by her Parliament ; in
which Sir Matthew Ilse seemed lo tower, as his'
words were—" As Pediment is the highest Coed
of the nation, and one from which there Is no appeal,'
if ever uniegomantent falls open it, the pimple
wield be left without any remedy whits ."
Was not this the case et present ? Were they not
ground down to the earth by an intmodesets lase.
lion ? Were they not so far degenerated from the
parity of the Cinatitetion as t• we a seat in Per.
liament brooght into the market and reposed to isle
siih the same publicity as any other vendible com-
modity Did their WI1C1•101/ tier suppose that
such a practice would be defended by a Minister of
the Gowa, on the principle that it ems "as
dem es the son at acion.day ?" Was not this a
wiitgoternment ? lle sesistsined that it was ; end
when he looked at the rotten boroughs, be found the
WA of all the evil. There every paten was loyal
nail obedient to the powers that be ; there existed a
close and disgraceful union between the Parson and
the Ode Magistracy. Wash not, indeed, shameful
that men who took a solemn oath, that they were
called by the holy Ghost 'idiocies of soil., should
rise to the highest divides in the church by doing the
dirty work of the Rueoughenoliger, whilst honour,
owl talent, and integrity, which disdained to stoop
to tech ignominy, were left to wither in the sheds?
Domeghwongeting System shakes the Throne,
pollutes the Altar, demoralises the people, and ris.
virus all those generous sentiments without which
liberty is a mere name.—( Load cheering )
Mr. Tatman() followed on the same side in an eve.
goad and argsinentstive speech, which we regret our
limits will slot allow at to report.
Mr. Lairs man meat addressed the Miming bet
ins tone of voice so low, that we could not catch the
import of his remarks.
A dircession then took place, it wltith it was
proposed to modify some terms in the Resoletions
which we have Inserted above, in order that the Pe-
tition which was to be founded on them might be
signed by as many electors a. possible. The altera-
tions, which were merely verbal, and did not elect
the principles of the Resolution', were agreed to
without hesitation he Mr. Giffin', the mover. In
this oliacoaaion, tke Rev. Dr. Douglas. Mr. Fyn's.
and Mr Given* took part. The ilosolotions were,
then put, seriatim, and park carried unanimously.
A Committee was then appointed to drew op a
Petition In she noose of Commons on the above Re.
solution, and M• 1419. Greene, Marsh, Film, earl
Douglas a e.• eppointed %leathers of It.
Mr. W A NUT WO a Pelition to the Prince Regent,
tehTh lie propotril shield be adopted all the Pattie*
of that Nlrelitig.
Mr Main seconded the pvollll4ll.
It was lien put end carried, that this Patties
• 'lnstil
be the Petition of the blaming, and rip
pestßit to hit Ib' al Williston the Prince await by
hod liol!stril.
Mr Fvwr PALM/R.—After the powers of trii.
t.“i:.4 a I.is ti h I,enn addend that day, after the
• 1,-il.wtirr whir, hail boars r iaplayoni, he confrisaird
It.l l e coca beftar tains with greater Lesitation that
