FRENCH PAPERS OF MONDAY.

(From Me Journal des Debate)
(PRIVATE LETTER.) •
MADRID, Jiro' 24.1--oOn the 16th, at five o'clock in
the morning, from to 9,000 men, supported by the
fire of more than sixty pieces of large cannon and nine
gun-boats, was a sortie in six columns from the Isle of
Leon, and from the Trocadero, in order to attack simul-
taneously the different points of oar line from Port
Royal to Chiclana. Tare column •of the right passed
the canal near Fort Santi.Petri ; three other columns
dehnuched by the bridge of Suaso; the fifth .column
sallied out by the Caracca, and the sixth by the Troca-
• demo. These columns passed the canal, and formed
nn'ler the protection of all the batteries, and commenced
their movements. At Port Royal a company of grena-
diers and of voltigeurs, of the 36th, after keeping their
fire until the enemy arrived within twenty paces, attacked
his flanks with so much bravery, that he retired in the
greatest coofusion. The column that sallied out by
the Caracca proceeded towards the Vents-Nova; but a
company of the 24th, animated with the most ardent
impatienae for combat, having shown itself, this co-
lumn suspended its offensive progress, and slid not dare
to advance to a distance from the protection of the fire
of two gun-boats, and of the batteries of the Carracca.
The column destined to attack the mill of Osio, sup-
ported by a gun-boat, was so vigorously received,
'T a company of the voltigeurs of the 34th, which
occupied its int, enchments, that it blocked up the
road with its dead and wounded. The column which
marched on the redoubt of Belluno, was received
'with so well sustained a fire, by two companies, supported
by two battalions en echo:lion, n Lich, after having fired
at random for half an hour, retired in order to join the
column which, attacked' the mill of Osio, and, like it,
failed in their attempt. The column which had eNtentled
itself along the road of Gbh:lane, presuming that toe for.
- tified house, situated in advance of that town, was aban-
doned, advanced with confidence, and to cries of "Viva
Riego." When it arrived within twenty•five paces of
this house, it nu received by a fire of a company of the
20th, which occupied it, and by tirailletsrs placed be-
hind it. The column then wished to deploy, but General
Comic liethizy, who had two battalions and three pieces
Of artillery of the guard masked in the woods, ordered
them to fire case shot, and having marched upon it
forced it to retire. The column, which sallied out near
the fart of Senti-Petri, arrived at the porch of the chapel
of St. Anne, near Chiclana; bat the Field Marshal, the
Prince de Carignan, oho occupied that point with a bat-
talion of Or. •20.11, was soon engaged with it. General
fieiliizy freed from the troops who marched against him,
proceeded towards St. Anne's pith one battalion. After
that tittle the last column experiencing the same fate as
all the others, withdrew in disorder, and with a great deal
of difficulty regained its boats. The loss of the enemy*
was about 1,500 men killed and wounded. We had
about 16 killed and 65 wounded, of whom five are officers
(PRIVATE LETTER.)
" BADALONA, JULY 21.—Our movement is decided
upon ; to-morrow we are to march to Igualada. Cir-
cmn.tances favour us wonderfully; ;t has been an-
nomiecol to us Brat the inhabitants of the environs
of Villa Franca, have declared for the Royal cause."
A Journal states t' • t Mica is marching to Upper Ca-
talonia, with nine thousand men, to get into the rear
of rem army. There is not one word of truth in this
intelligence.

(room THE QUOTIDIENNC.)
111 A DRIP, Juf.v 21.—We learn officially that Gen.Bons
ft' n sin; of the division of Alolitor, has wade himself
ma-ter of thr town and citadel of Lorca.

The investment of Corunna was effected on the 15th.
by Gen. Houck, who has taken all the positions which
sorround that place. lb has forced the enemy to abut
themselves up within its W3I IP, after having taken from
them their artillery, a considerable number of men, and
a standard. Two frigates blockade the port of Corunna,
within which Gen. Quiroga ds detained. Morino and
his troops have marched to St. James de Compostella.
—la a tvw days Galicia will be delivered from the Revo-
lutionists.

MAILS.
ARR. Drs. ARR.
0 o....ffolland 0 '
I....Watqrford.• • • .0 0....11ambr0 I
0....f1 & Jersey• • • .0 0
o. Lisbon 0 0 —Randers , .0
0. —Gottrnharg 0 0....Ma1ta ..0

DOZ.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 493 India Stock..
3 per Gt. Red ' 82 Ditto Bonds. 36 34
3p. t't. Corn blill i E 5.13111.26.
—2B pat.
3) per aid.. 1111 i WOOL i
4 per rents ....90. 4. I --6001.....93 25s pro.
New Fours lootlai --Sumll-29s 25s pee.
Len Asa 4O 16-0 Lottery Teckets....ll4/. 14s.
S per Ct 9l t on. fur Acct

fate Altateontatt.

WEDNESDAY EV EN I NO, JULY 30,1823.

STOCK &CHANG., TIIBLT6 O'CLOCK.—Consels open-
ed this morning at SOU, in 4 a good deal of business
was doing in the earlier part of the morning. The Ex-

presses from Paris have brought the Rentn at 91, 61/,
Preach Scrip at Paris. lf, to 2. We do not hear of any
• news of importance from the Armies. The Foreign fonds
114te been rather steady, but with little doing. French
Scrip, 1 prem., Colombian, 601, Spanish Bonds, 32i,
Russian 8311.

CAPTAIN PARRY.

ACCoMPLISHMENT .0/ THE NORTH WEST PASSAGE.

We are highly gratified to learn, that it is re.
ported on 'Change to-day, that Captain Parry .hat, suc-
ceeded in getting through the North West Passage,
and that he has arrived sate at Valparaiso.

We have this morning received Bayonne papers to the
43,1 lament. Their contents confirm the accounts which
prev'ously reached us of the rapid increase of the Gueril-
las, and of the spirit and success which have attended their
exertions. Other statements in these pipers are of consi-
derable interest, end on the whole exhibit the affairs of the
Constitutionalists is s very favourable light. The follow-
ing are extracts:—

BATOSIIII. July 1111.—Tie siege of Pimpslune seems to
be irrevocably determined upon, mod will certainty be
shorty oonessecod la form. A greet awneber of waggons,
with bombs, shells, ic. are mat from our arsenal. The
town. wide* will he first attacked, cannot hold oat long, but
the citadel, which Is supposed to be provided with every
necessary, may mate an obstinate resistance. Guerillas
begin to feria la NIIIIIII7B ; they are at present loceasider-
able. Om of them, though consisting of *sly 14 ■ca,
Ms bad the beldame to chew itself at Urlache. Its ap.
remises at Ws plume caned great sometime. but it was
Dom driven away by superior term A report has bees
circulated In Navarro that Mina may shortly be expected
there. Bosh a report is calculated to moourage the forma
tion of bends, though it seems Improbable that Mimi shout

THE STA'

leave Catalonia **this moment. Letters received here by
an extraordinary courier, positively state that the Eapeei-
ludo has entered Valladolid, where his first care was to deli-
ver 600 Constitutionalists, who were prisoners there: He

has levied a heavy contribution, and hanged several Monks,
who are the most decided enemies of liberty. O'Donnell
was unable to do any thing to oppose him. The same let'
tern say that the Constitutional carps of Chaleeo has en-
tered Aranjuee. the garrison of which it surprised and car-
ried off. The defection of Morillo Is said to have had
little effect, farther than to paralyse for a time the move-
ments of the Spanish troops, which have almost all re-
mained under the command of Quiroga.
Our letters from Madrid spew that no news of importance
is received or published there. The Duke reviewed on the
16th the French troops in the capi'4l. Our correspondent
thinks there were about 30(X) men. A grand funeral so-
lemnity had been performed in memory of General Ello.—
An account from Zamora says that the Empecinado bed
appeared before that city, and that it might easily have been
taken had not the precaution been adopted of cutting away
the bridge. A letter from Seville of the 10th says, that
a decree has been issued, according to which every bark
which may attempt to Introduce provisions into Cadiz, shall
be immediately burnt, and the Master severely punished.—
It is mentioned as certain that the Duke of Angouleme will
leave Madrid iu a few days. General St. Priest passed
through here yesterday on his way to the Duke's head quar-
ters. There must be acme very important communication
to make, to require such a messenger. Letters from Sara-
gossa, received to day, state positively that both Mina and
Manso have nearly recovered their health, and they will
very shortry be both at the head of their troops. These
same letters say, that several guerillas are forming in
Arragon. The two most considerable are that of Montilla,
who has about 600 men, and twat of the Care of Terruel,
who has 050 men. A report has been circulated here within
this hour, that the Empecinado has entered Vittorio, and
released all the Constitutional prisoners, as he had done at
Valladolid. Though this news is not official, it is not
wholly improbable, as this Cidef, who is renowned fur his
activity, might have made a forced march of 50 leagues in
11 days.
The news in these papers relative to Cadiz, we know
to be incorrect. It is affirmed for iostence, that 60 Eng-
lish vessels laden with provi- i one, have entered that place,
under protection of Men of War; and that the Duke of
Wellington had arrived there, for the purpose of mak-
ing proposals, which if accepted, would lead to a
speedy restoration of peace.

New York Papers to the 9th of Jely have arrived this
morning, from which we extract the following :---
FROM THE BRAZO.S.—The following is the Speech
delivered by the Emperor of Brazils, at the opening of
the Congress of that Empire:—

" Wot thy Representatives of the Brazilian Nation,

• - ,
" This is the greatest day that Brazil ever enjoyed—
the day, which for the first time shows the world, that
this an Empire, and a free one. How delighted is my
heart, when it beholds assembled together, the Repre-
sentatives of all the Provinces united in a just and libe-
ral Constitution, and showing to each other their
own interest. We ought to have enjoyed a
National Representation ; but the nation not
knowing leer own interests, or perhaps knowing
them, could not exhibit on account of the force and do-
minion of the Portuguese, who knowing well the degree
of the weaknessiindifference, poverty and decay to which
Portugal was reduced, never wished to consent (notwith-
standing their proclaiming liberty, fearing a separation)
that the people of Brazil should enjoy a representation
equal to that which they possessed. They were mistaken
in their conquering plans, and from that mistake bas
sprung all our happiness. Braziel during the space of
300 years has borne the contemptible name of Colony,
and suffered all the evil annexed to the destructive system.
Brazil always sincere in regards to its manner of acting, be-
ing mortified in havingendured from such a length of time
an unsupportable yoke, as soon as liberty was pro-
claimed, the Portugal Brazil exclaimed, with shouts
of applause, "Portuguese Constitution": believing that by
giving this proof of confidence to its non orthy brothers,
they would assist it in freeing itself from the innumer-
able harpies that prey upon it; but it never ima-
gined it would be deceived by them. The Bra-
zilians, who truly loved their country, never had
the intention of subjecting themselves to a consti-
tution in which all should not take a part. We were
so insulted by the European troops that I found myself
obliged to send them to the other side of the river,
to order them to be embarked to preserve the honour
of Brazil. No sooner were we free from these enemies,
when there landed another expedition, sent here from
Lisbon to assist us; but as I took upon myself to protect
the Empire, t did not 'dab to receive it. Pernambuco
followed my example and also the Bay. What is the li-
berty that Portugal wished to give Brazil but slavery
and servitude. We should have been destroyed bad we
continued to execute its orders.

The Emperor then proceeds to notice the internal im-
provements and the progress of education. At the con-
clusion of the address of the Emperor, one of the repre-
sentatives, the Bishop of rose and expressed the
approbation which bis sentiments bad occasioned.
CURACOA, JUNE It —An arrival yesterday from Rio
de la Hache brings accounts of the Colombian forces des-
tined to operate on Maracabio, having left that plass
on the 20th. No troops remained there except the
garrison.
