81.44:"ERY IN THE UNITED SIAM.

in tho
Amcricau L'Anufress ; a quesSion which will do
more by ita dotormintstion to exult or letdown the
character of the new nation, than any other which
has ever engaged tho attention of manitind. On
this account A is that we have published the con-
clusion of Mr ltuau'a patriotic and philosophic
letter on the subject. -
•` There are comaideratiens connected with the intro-
duction of slavery into the States which mot ,Ilirstafter
become tliflllSe's of this confederacy, scrippisio
important in 'heir, characw C. , .at it mig oarosat;
be supposeti t:ley would, on due refection, be aligolutely
conclusive to the inia.l of every enlightegoe conscien-
tious citizen. It is th,•ref.irc extremely desirable that
they should roreive the solemn attention to which they
are fairly entitled, and that, during the ardour of con-
troversy, and the conflict of opialon, which may be es.-
peeled, they should never be lost sight of or forgotten.
The question involved in this subject is not can of every
day occurrence ; but one in which, not only thosnof the
present age, but future generations, haves most important
stake. When approaching it, personal feeling, petty
personal interests, and sectional prejudices, should sleep
the sleep of death. A crisis is rapidly approaching,
which trill put in requisition the exercise of every duty
to which genuine and disinterested patriotism is allied—
a crisis which wilt determine the fact, whither one pro-
fessed attachment to liberty and our country be any
thing more than an empty sound.
Our patriotic fellow-citizen. Mr. Walsh, in his elo-
quent and unanswerable pleadings in behalf of his coun-
try, has placed on the shoulders of Chest Britain an
immovable load of ignominy, fur her agency in disse-
minating a ~,,, Me our ancestors the curse of slavery.
What a prolitte subree of misery, of trice, and of dis-
trace, has it heels to us ; owl what bitter reproaches are
ustly laid at her door fur the detestablecriuse! Seduced
y the love of gain, anti trampling tinder foot every
principle of justice, suit every feeling of benignity, she
tmarched sharuelessly forward, with the spirit of a
fiend, to the attainment of her abominable purposes.
The lives of the innocent and unprotected were sacri-
ficed without compunction, and their expiring groans
awakened nu other regret than that excited by pecuni-
ary loss. There was, however, a time when the abomi-
nation was nnknown ; when the soil of Columbia was •
stranger to this exotic plant of death; and the happy
and delightful exemption would hare continued, had
those in whose hands were placed the destinies of this
nation, faithfully performed their incumbent duties to
themselves find to their posterity. Hut, lamentable to
relate, the fact was directly the reverse of this; and we
should deserve the comenisseration, if not the contempt,
of the civilized world, lithe lesson of experience allirsled
by it should be lost upon us. Congress will swathe is-
tested with the power of deciding the destiny of unborn
millions! A vast tract of territory, and all its future
inhabitants, will he vi.iteil by this easamity, and all its
attendant evils, or enjoy the healthful and inestimable
blessings of freedom, as they may in their wisdom deter-
mine. May the tita...tion be so decided that no fear need
he entertained for the i losest and t severe scrutiny
of their conduct! May they fortunately escape the dis-
grace which has jostli avarbed to the mother-country,
for the course she pursued under circumstances some-
what similar !

_ _ :

-

•
" Should the voice of justic., of patriotism, of huma-
nity, and of religiiiii, in refercnre to this subject. be
contemptuously disreaariled, what fearful apprehensions
may not justly he entertained, and to what an abyss of
destruction we shall rapidly hasten! If the odion& pri-
vilege which is ,u'irited should be granted to Missoori,
we may anticipate a like result as it respects all her
yonnger sisters; and slavery will soon obtain an over-
whelming preponderance in these United States. Should
this gloomy prospect he realised. would it he extrava-
gant or irrational to suppose, from the spirit already
exhibited, and the principles already publicly avowed in
certain quarters, that the greatest of all abominations,
the slave trade, %could, at a period not very remote, he
again restored Ind re-established in the land ? This is
not among pos-ible events merely, but, on the contrary,
altogether probable. iVoulil it not, therefore, be moral
insanity, of the most lamentable character, to slumber
on the brink of such a precipice ?
" Every member of Congress should therefore be pro-
foundly impressed with a doe sense of the unparalleled
responsibility which, on such ale occasion, attaches to
his station. Ile si Id devoutly, and earnestly, and
humbly pray fur wisdom from above, to enlighten his
mind, strengths and fortify his virtuous principles,
and furnish him with a proper elevation of senti-
ment.
" Those members whose constitnents are providentially
and constitutionally exempted from the evil, can flu-nisi,
no good reason for refusing. to art with perfect unani-
mity. They should, therefore, present a firm, tempe-
rate, but undaunted phalanx, determined to use any ex-
ertion, or make any sacrifice, called for by their coun-
try. It is also confidently expected that many, from
other sections of the Unison, will he found possessing
sufficient honesty and independence, to unite heart
and hand in shielding. from destruction the fair fabric
of one liberties, soil in transmitting to the latest pos-
terity the blessings of freedom. The subject, to use the
emphatic language of Mr. IValsh, calls for the ottani-
mous agency' of all food citizens. Let all, therefore,
solemnly determine to art on it conscientiously, and, as
, far as the frailty of human nature will admit, entirely
divested of unworthy motives and sinister prejudices.—
Fellow-citizens, ' awake from yonr false security!'"
" Philadelphia, Nov. li." " BENJAMIN Russ."

VENEZUELA.

—.dn.—

[PROM AN AMERICAN JOURNAL.)
PHILADELPHIA, Dar. 4.—Translations from Orinoco
papers. The Decree of Arismentli has excited surprise.
That a yoang llovernment, professing to be in phrenit
of liberty awl independence, and of laws for the eqnsl
protection of persons and property, should admit so un-
qualified an act of what their neighbours the Americans,
consider injustice.
EXTRACTED FROM THE tomato mt ORINOCO, (AN6OII-
- OF TIM 2a OCT.
The Sovereign Constress accepted, on the 11th Sept.
last, the frerptently offered resignation of the Hoe.
Fraweis Antonio Bra, as Vsce President of the Repabfie,
and appointed in his place the ueneeni in Chief, John
Baptist Arisroendi, who initnediately entered upon the
duties of his office.

DICREI OF TEO strinsuc OF •RYeiI;RL4.

John Baptist Ariesendi. Vice President of the State.'
charged with the government &trig the absence of
the President, Captain-Ueneral of the Armies, &c.

Considering the exhausted state of the National Tree-
airy. the increased and necessary expenses of the war,
sustained by Venezuela, for the establishment of her in-
dependence, and the immense payments she has to make,
not only to meet her principal debts, but also to satisfy
those arising from the different contracts entered into
Kith foreigners, for the religious fulfilment whereof the
honour and glory of the Republic are pledged; in virtue
of the extraordinary powers conferred on me by the
Sovereign Congress, 1 have decreed, 'and do decree as
follows :
Attlee 1. Immediately after the pro=lapdoa .tif this
decree, all hides of black cattle, whoever may be their
owners, are declared to belong• to the State, without re-
serve or exception, and it alone shall have the power of
disposing thereof.
P.d. This impost shall exist as long as the urgent ne-
cessities of the State may require it, and shall cease as
soon as the public Treasury shall be relieved from its
present engagements, and shall have made some collec-
tions.

3d. The officers of the principal offices of this city are
charged with the collection and storage of the bides,
naming for this purpose such agents as they may think
proper, and shall furnish the Aliuister of they
with a
monthly account of such as may be in their possession.
4th. lu the towns and cities, except Soledad and Bar-
raucas, and in those divisions of the army acting in the
exterior, the respective authorities, commanders or
chiefs, will take upon themselves the execution of this
decree, also taming for that purpose agents, who shall
collect the hides, and place them immediately at the dis-
position of the Government, with an account thereof.
stb. In the ports of Barrancas and Soledad, the re-
spective administrators of the National Usistonis will he
charged with the collection, storage, and remittance of
the hides to Government, with a corresponding account,
without forgetting to require a note of such as were col-
lected precious to the publication of this decree, which
they shall transmit to the War Office as speedily as pos-
sible. _ _

6th. The actual holders of hides in this city shall pass
to the war-office, within two days, a correct accouut of
nr It as they may have received up to the date of this
decree.

.....
7th. The same shall he done by the holders in other
parts of the Provinces, delivering the said account to the
competent authority, fur its prompt remission to Go-
vernment.
sth. It shall he the duty of erny owner of hides to
deliver them to the State as soon as they shall be well
dried.
9th. Any violation of this decree shall he punished by
the exaction of double the value of what may be con-
cealed.

10th. The Minister of the Interior and of War, fro
is charged with the execution of this decree, which shall
be printed, published, and circulated.
Done in the palace of the Liorerninent, in the capital
of littayane, 011 the 21st Sept. 1619-6th.
JOllll BAPTIST ARISMENDI.
Minister of the Interior and of War, pro rem.
BIZGO BAPTIST URIANSJA.

EAST' INDIES.
—..e..--

BOMBAY, Jut.r 2.l.—The epidemic disease, or cholera
moral's, still continues about us ; there has been no ma-
terial variation here for some weeks in the number of
cases which occur daily, and this formidable disease is
not certainly so generally prevalent on this island as it
was in the mouth of May, but we are sorry to hear that
of late some very serious
bah. An Officer of his Majesty's -17th Regiment, a few
days ago, had a very serious attack, and Isis life was
saved only by immediately administering the proper me-
dicines; three privates also of the same regiment have
died of it.
It appears from the latest accounts that this disease
has abated for some weeks past, generally in the northern
and southern Conkan, and also on Salsette ; it still ex-1
ists, however, in those districts, vitt continues prevalent
in the Cullian and Illiewndy districts in particular.
Military news we have none, unless a few floating
rumours may be called so. It is said that the whole of
the Bengal troop to the south of the Nerhaddah are to be
relieved, immediately after the rains, by the Madras
army ; and Sir John hlalculm's force, at Slow, it is said,
will be relieved at the same time, by Culouel Mamie
field force. - •

A campaign on the Ponjah, next cold weather, is
much spoken of, but probably uithout sufficient grounds.
—(Caleatta Journal, Jay 11.)
Cavi.on.—Letters (runs Ceylon, of the recent slate of
the 3d of August, have reached town. lien. Barnes,
who has been appointed to succeed Governor Brown►igg,
in the Governorship of that island, arrived at Colombo
the end of July. The natives were turning their atten-
tion to the cultivation of the island, and there seemed
to he no prospect of the tranquillity of the colony being
disturbed. The Eclipse, and two or three other vessels
were taking on board troops for Calcutta, who had been
lately engaged in quelling the rebellion.

CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

The Re►. Heery Blunt, B. A. Fellow of Pembroke-
hall, was last week iastitutrd, by the Lord Bishop of
Norwich, to the vicarage of Clare, Suffolk, on the pre-
sentation of the Crown.
- -

The Rev. Jeremiah Borronghes, B. A. has been insti-
tuted to the rectory of Burlingham St. Andrew, with
Burlingham St. Edmund annexed, in Norfolk, on the
presentation of Mrs. U. Boronghes, of Norwich.
The Rev. John Williams Butt, B. A. was last week
instituted to the vicarage of Lakenheath, Suffolk, on the
presentation of the Dean and Chapter of Ely.
The Duke of Rutland, High steward of obis Corpora-
tion, hu sent the sum of fifty pounds to the Mayor, to
be expended in coals, and distributed among the poor
inhabitants of this town.

Although the frost has regularly continued sine, the
24th day of last month, the degrees of heat have been
various; the thermometer has never risen higher than
31, in the middle of the day ; sled on last Wednesday
morninz it was as low as Its, at nine o'cloek. Yesterday,
at nearly the same time, it was at 34, aul at two
o'clock 35.
