AN PI•SLAVENY SOCIETY.
-..iiiw....

This laudable Society has lately published an import
ant pamphlet, containing the substance of the debate on
the 15th of May, on Mr. Buxton's motion, with a preface
and appendixes, containing " facts and reasonings illustra
►iveot Colonial Bondage." The following extract fro►n the
Report of the Committee of the Society, cannot fail to be
read with interest :

It was of the very highest importance that his Majesty's
Government and Parliament should be concurrently and
unanimously pledged to so unequivocal a declaration of the
duty of effectually mitigating and eventually extinguish-
ing the state of Colonial bondage; especially as that de-
claration, while it placed on record this invaluable princi-
ple, did not preclude the discussion either of any one of
the specitic measures of reform above enumerated, or of the
meaas by which, with a view to the attainment of the
general object, those measures might best be carried into
effect.

The unqualified acquiescence of the West-Indian body in
the desolations proposed by Mr. Canning, male it still
more desirable to accede to them. Even the advantle to
he gained by carrying the original Motion on a division,
had this been a matter of choke, was not to be compared
with that with% could not fail to arise front tae unanimous
adoption of propositions :co unexceptionable in thetuselve.,
brought torward as they had been by his Maj-sty's
tors, and not opposed by any West-Indian proprietor in
Parliament.

There still remained, however, considerable difference of
opinion, with respect both to the specifio plans of reform
witch were called for, and to the means by which those
plans should he accompli had.
On this last point, Mr. Coining propasnl that the
Government should take the matter into their own bands.
By this course, he conceived, that whateve: danger was to
be apprehended from public, and perhaps angry, discus-
sion, might be avoided, while the eanti cting interests ni
the various parties concerned might be more easily con
ate& 111th respect to such of the Colonies as bait no local
Legialiviires, and in which the Crown possessed the sole
power of matting laws, the action of the Government would
0 co3r4F, bQ gr...re free and unfetteres'.. There they might

PRICE SEVEN PgNCE.

legislate by an Order in Council, which would also serve
as a modelof legislation for the other Colonies. In the case
of the latter, all that it was intended to tin, in the first in- •
stance, was, to recommend the adop:ion of the proposed re-
form to the Colonial I.e.:Matures, whose foil and isle co-
operation, however, Parliament, he said, had a right ti ex-
pect; but, if an un'ooked-for spirit of resistance should
manifest itself, his Majesty's Government would then resort
to Parliament fur counsel.
In specifying the measures which his Majesty's fisvern-
ment had signified their intention of adopting, the Com•
mittee will not cot.line the specification to what actually fell
from Mr. Canning during the debate oti Mr. Buxton's mo-
tion. Subsequent communications have enabled them t.
modify the statement then made, so as to present, if not
particular and detailed, vet a clear general view of the
preser, t purposes of his Majesty's Government. They are
as follow:--
That the existing obstructions to manumissions, arising
from stamps or fines, or other fiscal regulations, shall be
removed ;
That the Slaves shall be protected by law in the pos-
session, and also in the transmission, by beqaest or ether-
ise, of any property they may acquire;—
That means shall be provided of religiuns instruction for
the Shores, and of 2hristian education for their children;
That the driving system shall be peremptorily and en-
tirely abolished, so that the whip shall no longer be the
stimulant of labour;—
That an e•al shall also be put to the degrading corporal
punishment of females • and that measures shall b• taken
to restrain, generally, ;he power of arbitrary punishment,
and to prevent its abuse;—
That the means of religious instruction being provided,
the Sundays shall be given up to the Slaves fir rest, re-
creation, and religious instruction and worship (Sun lay
markets being abolished); and that equivalent tint,. shall
be allowed them, on other days, for the cultivation of
their provision grounds;—
That the marriage of Slaves shall be authorised and
auctioned by law; and that they shall likewise be protect-
ad in the enjoyment of their connubial rights.
In respect to the proposal of causing the Slaves to cease
from being mere chattels, and attaching them, under cer-
tain modifications, to the soil, it was said, that whatever
reform of this kind was introduced must he prospective
only, as its retrospectEe operation might disturb the pre-
sent tenure of property, and take away, in many case.
the only security on which 'looney had been ale:Laced.
The question was, therefore, reserved for further cctisitiera-
tion.
The admission of the testimony of Slaves in Courts of
Justice %as also thought to be beset with so many difficul-
ties as to require a more deliberate investigation: At the
same time, Governmentiprofes.sed themselves triett•llv to
the principle of admitting the testimony of Slaves, stsCject
only to such modifications as the interests of justice au:get
fur a time require.
The propriety of relieving Negroes and Persons of
lour from the operation of that tinkle principle of C 01.18141
law which subjects then' to lie dealt a ith as Slaves, unless
they shall be able by legal proof to establish their right to
freedom, %%as admitted ; and it was sigui :etl Batt further
inquiry should he male as to the means for granting them,
the requisite relief.
It was also admitted to be desirable that no tiovernur,

JudA, Attorney-General, Fiscal, nor any of the religions
Instructors about to be appointed, should bold property in
Slaves; and though it might he unfair to give to this prin.
e/iple a retro-active effect, yet that there could he no objec-
tion to its being ni tde to operate prospectively.
The only remaining points were, the granting facilities
to the adult slaves to purchase their freedom ; and ;he libe-
ration from bondage of all children born after a certain
day. In neither of these propositions have the Govern-
ment hitherto signified their concurrence. Indeed, to the
measure of freeing all children born after a certain day,
they appeared to feel a more decided objection than to any
other that had been suggested. Both the points sera
deemed of so much moment as to render further information
and more mature consideration necessary, before they came
to a final decision upon them.
In reviewing the Resolutions adopted by Parliament, aid
the declared intentions of his Majesty's Government, the
Committee see very abundant cause of congratulation. They
feel much gratified both by the admissions which they in-
volve ; and by the concurrent determination, which has been
expressed by his Majesty's Government and by Parliament
to proceed to the immediate redross of some of the existing
evils, and to secure eventually the extinction of the very
state of slavery.
Still the Committee deeply regret that the mode of pro-
ceeding by Parliamentary enactment, in effecting the Colo-
nial reforms which have been recognised as necessary
should not have been preferred to that of leaving this great
work to be cartiod ou through the medium of the Culunial
Legislatures. Past experience, to say the least, discourages
any sanguine hops of their prompt, cordial, and efficient
co-oomation; and the Committee, therefore, lay their ac-
e, nut in meeting with much delay and disappointment, as
the eons..yet nee of this arrangement.
But, insides this advantage, it mast be recollected that
there are some points, of great and vital moment, on which
no distinct hope of reform has as yet been given. It has
not been declared that Slaves shall cease to be chattels ;
that they sh ill no longer continue, in this respect, as well
as for every other purpose of sale or transfer, on the same
degrading level with the beasts of the field. They are stilt
liable to be transported, as the master's interest or caprice
may dictate, front one Island to another, and separated for
ever from their families and dearest connexions, and front
their naive home. It has not yet been s-ttled, that their
testimony shall be received in Courts of Law, although
without this the value of many other provisions in their
':nettle must be g eatly diminished. No expectation has yet
been given that they shall enjoy facilities for obtaining
their freedom by their own exertions. And, above all,
their proeetty are still doomed to be born to the same
wretched inheritance with their parents, notwithstanding
the undeniable injastite and cruelty of such a destination.
And w VI respect to the points on which a more favourable
decision has been si &lied, they are yet to be fulfilled, and
th tin the face, it is to be feared, of many unappreciated
d fli:ulti, s.
L.t no•, therefore, the friends of our enslaved fellow
silbjects stitme that their work is accomplished.—
In fat t, it is n'y begun. We are only enierime on the
field of en, I dolours. We have made, it is trite, a fair suit
hopeful comae trement. The influence .uf the public feel-
ing which hts been so remarkably disidayed, has effected
mut h. Bat the grou 41 tee hate already gaited may be
lust ; and, stil rho e, cu: farther progress may be delaye I,
or even wholly 1163[1114 fed, if we should remit our telni,.
Nothing which has occurred ottzlit to have the elfoct of
relaxing, i.t t' e vary slightest degree, our vistilauce and
activity. On toe cutitr-ry, the sisecess already obtained.
:hoedd only stimillate us to increased exertion ; for what-
ever me witio a view to the ultimate attainment of
nor &ejects, were previously ileuteil necessary, may be
considered as nu less itolocriously called fur at the present
moment.
In this rersnaeinn, the Committee wontd perticultrly
recommend tea: Associaions should ba formed in every
part of the United. Rfi e I , fur the purpose of
ittk to d fine inforantir), to pr.cers tte: et:Tilsit° Wads,
