THE STATESMAN.

'pc( cli ? No ; but he resorted to the old practice of giv •
ng it a new construction, and a new sense was found for
that speech, tot by those who framed it, but by the Right
Hon. Gentleman the Secretary for Foreign Affairs.
IVithout intending to excite any angry feeling, or
in with-
the
out alluding to what happened oMr.n a former night,
tone of British feeling, he (•APDonald) would say
that he thought that was nothing more nor less titan
truckling.—(Hear, hear.) In his despatch of the 23th,
the Right lion. Gentleman put his own construction on
that speech. Why did lie truckle to the Cabinet of the
'lnillersts with a constructed meaniumr in one baud, and
the speech itself in the other.—The Honourable Member
then came to that which was the last, but not the least is 11
the ehapt-r of blunders committed during those togncia-
lle meant the attempts made by the Right Hon.
6:nth:nun and his colleagues, to procure the submission
of the weaker power to the stronger, when they failed to:
bring the stronger power to reason. IVben Prce
not
re-
plied to their offer of interference, saying—"el Wto Spain."
e anwill
bare rum: mediation ; no, carry your counss
" Well," said the Right Honourable Gentleman, " we
will; we wid try what we can do will Spain." It was
one thing to arbitrate fairly between the disputing par-
ties, with a view to do impartial justice to both ; but it
was another thing to bear all good offices to one side, and
endeavouring to obtain from the other every concession.
• Ilis Majesty's Ministers did all they could for France. In
the twenty-three papers of the Correspondence, the Right
]lon. Oent'eman writes that " he was only suggesting ad-
vice in the way of friendly communication," Arc. From the
whole tenor of the communications through the Ministers
at Madrid, he was perfectly justified in asserting that every
attempt was made on Spain in favour of France. Notwith-
ste titling the speech of the French King, and the despatch
from ii. Chateaubriand respecting the offensive part of that
speech. Stiil we pressed the demands of some concession
through the medium of Sir William A'Court. From the
very commencement of those negotiations at Madrid, every
One said that there was not the most remote chance of suc-
cess. No people could be more embarrassed than his Ma-
jesty's Ministers, having, in their view, received repeated
end distinct assurances from France that no question would
tMA raised shout an interference by rerun in the affairs of
Spain, if she granted an amnesty and guaranteed the se-
curity of the Royal Fatoily, when they received Chateau-
Wanes despatch with the King's Speech. Every liberal
mind could not help admiring the policy of Spain under
those trying circumstances. Spain never acknowledged any
other security for her institutions except that which pro-
;retied from the people. The lustre of the Spanish cause
Was not tarnished by one single stain; nor was their de-
votedness to the constitution of their choice to be surpassed
by any struggle for liberty is former ages. On the 20th of
December the Right Hon. Secretary stated in one of his de-
spatches that France wished to separate this country from
Spain. Nothing wee heard of that in the correspondence
with Sir William A'Court. In those despatches, something
like a melodrame was in contemplation ; that melodrame
was to consist of certain characters, with aporopriate parts
assigned to them, and Ferdinand was to be exhibited as
eh leg away the liberties of Spain into the arias of his cou-
sin the Duke d'Angouleme. Sir Charles Stuart, In the in-
tereiew with Chateaubriand, by the desire of the Right
II onourahle Secretary, though he could get no satisfaction
for the principles declared in the King's Speech, yet on that
occasion he obtained something which Might be construed
into a proposition to be transmitted to Spain. That pro-
road ion was reported by Sir Charles Stuart to Sir William
ATcurt, who immediately set off with it to M. San Miguel.
What did that Minister d.t? Ile said, "lie proceeded to read
to M. Sari Miguel those parts which he thought most calcu-
lated to produce a htvourable effect." Was that the con-
elect of one friend suggesting advice to another,
" prop os-
ing s :cli parts" of the despatch of Sir Charles Stuart (con-
taining the French Minister's proposition) "as would pro-
duce a favourable effect, and accompanying them with such
rents rks as the nature of the communication required ?"
Was that British' conduct, keeping Spain in the dark by
readine some parts, while others were kept back and ells-
A•Cenrt expressed himself delighted
with the report made him by Sir Charles Stuart, as con-
taining concessions on the part of the Court of France,
tibich he hoped would please Spain. It was, however,
curious that Sir Charles Stuart, in his despatch of the
10th of February, stated, that lie Cl
does
not hesitate to aderit that, " in order to give stability to
any modification of the present system in Spain, and to
afford sufficient assurance to France to justify her dis-
continuing her warlike preparations; the King of Spain
must be a party, and must consent to such modifications."
Upon this principle, a change, which must result from a
nhorough und:rstandiog between his Catholic Majesty
and the Cortes, will be cdnsidered to afford some pro-
spect of the modifications, which are indispensable to
the security of neighbouring States. The French Go-
vernment will not only be satisfied with the opening'
which any act (such as the establishment of a second
Chamber) may offer to complete, through the interven-
tion of Greet Britain, the system which is necessary for
the constitutional Government of Spain ;
but without
waitiox for any further proof of the sincerity of the
Spanish Government, they will consider any such act as
affording reasonable grounds for suspending the
ments, and replacing the relations between the two counh
-
tries upon the footing usual in time of peace ; thaug
since he cannot suppose that we consider mere fair assur-
ances to be sufficient, we must not be surprised if prepa-
rations for war are in the meantime carried on without
intermission.—We must not be surprised that prepara-
tions for war are in the meantime carried on without
intermission hear, hear.)--Kir William A'Conrt, ex-
pecting taut concessions would be made by Spain, in order
that France might suspend her armament, as reported in
Sir Chailes Stuart's despatch, stated that "M. 5.411 Miguel
listened with the greatest attention; but as soon as I had
conc!uded, observed that the British Government was la-1
housing under a delusion in supporting nny sort of modl-
Sea lion possible. It would be a much easierto timing to over-
ture the whole constitutional system, and re-establish
slemelute despotism, than to concede even the most insig-
nificant of the points which had been pointed oat as the
most likely to conciliate. lie was fully aware that Eng-
land asked no modifications on her own account. He
knew that we wished to preserve to Spain her constitu-
tional system; that our only object in trying to eugage
her' to yield upon certin oints, was aonviction that if a
war did hr4ak out, wee must be sooner or liter involved in it
ouree'ves. Ile knew very well that we should not declare
in favour of Spain et first; but nobody should be.so
d, and other
Powers took part in it, Etigland alone could not remain a
passive spectator of whit might he its results." The
Meuse might, from those observations of ,M. San Miguel,
es reported by Sir William A.Court, infer what impression
sa made on him by the perusal of those documents trans-
mitted by the French Ministers, throwitim our Ambassadors
et ance and Madrid. Was it possible the House
thinßk that one spark of freedom had been kindled incould the
trrimids of those Who conducted the negotiations which ter-
minated in such proposals to the Spanish nation ? What
ceeld be the feelitig of Chatesubriand, when this country
undertook to obtain sonte concession from Spain ? The
&light of Sir W. A`Court, on the probabitity of his suc-
cess •in tiers:lading that nation to so humiliating a state,
slid not lest long, fur M. San Miguel soon dissipmted all
die hopes. It appeared by the Correspondence that M.
Chateanbriand early in bebruary said, that " he had
turned over time subject in his own mind withto a view
the to
decide vpon what terms it might be possihle meet
pEoposels they ;Melt receive, and though lie could not
state the'result of his reflections to he the expression of
time sentiments of the Fret: :is Government, yet he thought
tip. subject might be taken into consideration, if the Spa-
nish negociators should engage at a future period to mo-
st fir their Constitution, and in the meanwhile prove their
guitd Trill,, by restoring the Kitte to his phystcal liberty,
and allow him to frequent the Sitio: and o
tot m wateringof
places; by a general amnesty ; by the establisent
is ws to regulate the rest, anal. by a change of ministry;
tint that the.erilitary preparations of the. French Govern-
ment mamsms- continue without intermission." Yet after
all; Sit Wm. A'Court wrote, in Ilia despatch ofthe 9th of

-..

dorri,gaktr,

March—. 1 saw M. San Miguel this morning, and to my
great astonishment he asked," Cc., concluding with a
declaration, that he would not be fooled—" he would not
be the person to negotiate. ". The Right Hon. Secretary
asked for a general amnesty. The Spanish Ministers offer
an amnesty—not to all, to be sure, for who in that House
could say, that the amnesty ought to extend to all those
who were prepared to deliver up their country to an ene-
my? He had done with observing on the papers; and
would to Goo he never should find such specimen* in the
archives of modern diplomacy. Suppose Lis Majesty's
Ministers were in their hearts friendly to the cause and
assumed right of France, how could the ingenuity of
man devise more certain means by %%hid' they could best
serve her? However, he disliked the French Ministers,
he did not think they acted with duplicity. They spoke
out in respect of Spaiu. There might, indeed, be some
quizzing about their desizns in Portugal. Assurances
were given that Portugal would remain ontonclied, and
that the ambitions projecte of the continental despots did
not extend to her. They also assured us that Spain would
be administered by Ferdinand when freed from the re-
straint under which he was kept. The House coati not
forget that when Joseph Bonaparte was King of Spain,
Napoleon ruled the country. Whet security had we
that France would net use the shipping of Spain to ex-
alt her own dominion's? Was the possession of the coast
from Holland to Gibraltar nothing to this country ? o.i
a late occasion the lion. Member for the county of Fer.
managh (General Arciiall) said that there were in Ire-
land 5,00000 of persons really to organise themselves
and to sever that country from England. That state-
ment was not contradicted. Was then there no danger
in France possessing herself of the whole line of coast on
the west of Europe: What was to prevent those despots
marching a crusade against the liberties of our own
country ? What security had we if they put down the
States of the Continent? These tyrants bore an iinpla-
cable hatred to the free institutions of this country.
lanuae of state paers was entirely in the Mo-
nargchicagl spiriht. D
Tley implied strongly, that if we wait
till Austria gets possession of all Italy ; wait till France
possesses herself of them ; wait till the Russian Bag waves
over the Dardanelles and the Mores; then will be the
time to attack the liberties of England. Whatever be the
issue of the contest,which was to decide whether Europe
were to be reduced via vast military despotism—whether
the crime, which the mighty mind of a Bonaparte, with
all his power failed in, was to be consummated by a fee-
ble Bourbon.—(Hear, hear.)-
11/..11:

•• -----
Committunt ectdem diverse crZnanu fain.
llle crueens pretinan seelcrie befit, hie diadema."
Whatever might be the issue of that contest, he called on
the House to do their duty, in stating to his Majesty In the
address which he would read to them, that his Ministers
did not do theirs. The Ilonourable Member concluded,
by moving—
" That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to
inform his Majesty, that this House has taken into its most
serious consideration the papers relating to the late negocia-
lion, which has been laid before them by his Majesty's gra-
cious command.
" To represent to his Majesty, that the disappointment of
his Majesty's benevolent solicitude to preserve geueral
peace, appears to this Hauge to illiNP, in a great measure.
arisen from the failure of his Ministers to make the most
earnest, vigorous, and solemn protest against the pretend-
ed right of the Sovereigns, assembled at Verona, to make
war on Spain on account of her political institutions ; as well
as against the subsequent pretension of the French Govern-
ment to deny that Nations can lawfully enjoy any civil pri-
vileg p
es but from the spontaneous grant of their kings ;
rin-
ciples destructive of the rights of all independent States.
which strike at the root of the British Constitution, and
are subversive of his Majesty's legitimate title upon the
Throne.
Farther, to declare to his Majesty, the surprise and sor-
row with which this House has observed that his Majesty's
Ministers should have advised the Spanish Goveinment,
while hope warrantably menaced, to alter their Constitution
in the hope of averting invasion ; a concession which alone
would have involved the total sacrifice of national independ-
ence ; and which was not even palliated by an assur-
ance, from France, that, on receiving so dishonourable
a submission, she would desist front her unprovoked ag-
gression.
" Finally, to represent to his Majesty, that, in the judg-
ment of this House, a tone of more dignified remonstrinee
would have been better calculated to preserve the peace of
the Continent, and thereby to secure the nation more effec-
tually from the hazard of being involved in the calamities of

War."
The motion being put from the Chair.
Mr. S. WORTLEY said it was his intention to pro-
pose an amendment. He was supported, lie was sate, by
the general feeling of the House and of the country, to
put a negative on the question to which the House was
called to assent. With respect to the conduct of the Fo-
reign Powers. and of France particularly, there was no
difference between himself and the Honourable Member.
Ile felt that the conduct of the Sovereigns of Europe,
for the last two or three years, was no less than an at-
tack on our own Constitution—(hear, bear )—and an at-
tempt to shut the door against all liberal opinions in
every country. He hoped the projects of France, con-
ceived in folly, would fail—(Cheers)--and that so all
the apprehensions of the lion. Gentleman for an union
of Spain with France were groundless. lie approved of
the conduct of the Duke of Wellington at Verona, and
he was quite sure, that if our Government were not pre-
pared to follow up a remonstrance by a vigorous war,
they would (in the words of the Noble Doke) have placed
their Sovereign and their nation in a false position.—
Were they prepared, in case of that remonstrance fail-
ing, to declare war ? and if not, would the House or the
country acquit Government for such precipitate conduct ?
Not being in that situation, they ought not to have used
irritating language, but were perfectly right in referring
to principles as the rules of their own conduct. Their
first duty was to show to France that .tt was not her in-
terest to take violent measures. n his opinion, the ke
of Wellington ably acted his part at the Congress of
Verona—his measures were well taken, and his language
well suited to his purpose. In justification of the offer
of oar mediation, with which the lion. Gentleman (Mr.
Macdonald) found fault, he would read an extract of a
despatch from M. San Miguel, awl lie confessed there
wa something of a spirit of liberty in those despatches,:
and an evident superiority over the French. In page 111,
of the paper, M. San Miguel asked England to inter-
fere. The lion. Member then read an extract of the
despatch. It could not be said that the ftcommendatioos
offered on the part of ear Government to the Spanish
Minister were proposed in a menacing manner. If Spain
can resist successfully the invasion of the French, she
has done wisely; but be confessed, that when lie consi-
dered the nature of the modifications proposed for bey
adoption, he did not think it would have been at all de-
rogatory to her honour to have accented them. But she
had chosen to decline diem, and the qnestion now was,
should they proclaim—for that was the word made use
of by the lion. tientleman—shonli we proclaim to the
I world oar determintition to give assistance to Spain ?
It was his deliberate opinion that neutrality was the po-
licy of this country. He saw nu danger in that course,
even should France succeed in getting military posses-
sion tit Spain. He would ask those Gentlemen who ha-
bitually pressed for a reduction of our establishment's,
and a diminution of taxation. what would be the situa-
tion of this country if their policy were acted upon?—
Instead of reducing our burdens, which we were enabled
to do, we *oils have hobos soda .the necessity of
Voting large sited **prima* giants. atitei, all, bow could'
We give to Spain thatseffectual support which, upon a 1
former occasion, it • was in our power to grant, her?—
There was nothing in the state of Europe which should
induce us to embark in a war. 'With respeit to Spain,
if she wastletermined to be free and Independent, eyes

s)

should France get possession of tied Country, the occu-
pation must be but temporary. In that case, Moro wa s
the invasion of Spain dangerous to this country, case
we had decided upon neutrality? They knew from ex-
perience that the military occupation of Spain did not
iml its subjugation. But on the other hand, If S the
French not in a situation to resist the approach of the
French arms, of what assistance could England be to
her? He felt persuaded that the observance of nee-
trality was that course which would meet with the sanc-
tion of a majority of the people. These were the res..
ions upon which he intended to oppose the motion of the
Hon. Gentleinan opposite. For his part he had been hi
therto silent upon this question, though he had fre-
quently been an observer when the Ministers were goaded
into a 'discussion of its merit, by the remarks and gas-
tionr of the Gentlemen opposite. On the first day of the
Session, language bail been used—he had not from acci-
dent been able to attend his place that day—but lan-
guage had been used which made him fear that the coun-
try would be compelled to enter into the war, contrary,
as be well knew it to be, to the sentiments of the people.
The Hon. Gentleman conclnded by moving an amend-
.ment to the following effect —" 'that the House give
their entire concurrence to the principles repeatedly de-
clared by his Majesty to govern the policy of this coun-
try with respect to the internal affairs of other States,
mid that they entirely agree with his Majesty in the
just application of them during the late negociations
with France to the case of Spain. They acknowledge
with gratitude the earnest and persevering endeavours of
his Majesty, for the conti.tuance of the peace of Eu-
rope, and express their regret that their efforts bad
proved unavailing ; that whilst they rejoice that his
Majesty was no party to the war, which neither the
honour nor interests of the nation required hint to en-
gage in, they beg to assure him that touch as they es-
timate the blessings, they were really to give their zeal-
ous support to any measure which might be found ne-
cessary to fulfil the obligatitori to which the national
faith was pledged to vindicate the dignity of the
Crown, and maintain the rights and interests of the
people."
Sir T. WILSON seconded the amendment. He approved
of the sentiments expressed by his lion. Friend who just
sat down, Ile had carefully perused ell the papers laid on
the table, and felt that the Ministers had done every thing
that honour, consistency, and firmness of character required.
Ile could not agree with tho Hon. Gent. who had brought
forward the motion, in his views of the policy of this coun-
try. The lion. Gent. was driven to this, that as we had
done so much by remonstrance, we might have done
be undue,
more by threatening. lie (Mr. W.) was not to
stood as s tying any thing in approbation of the conduct of
the French. Ills feelings were directly the reverse. He
viewed their Invasion of Spain with almost execration.—
(Cheers.) Their sending an army of observation to the
frontier, and organising bands, no Engli"sliman could look
on with approbation. in stating this, he did not wish to be
understood as saying that we were justified in acting as the
arbiters between contending nations, and in uttering re-
proaches and angry. expressions against the persons and
conduct of the members of other Governments. Such a line
of observation as this was not pont::: at any time, nor petit-
Ong the dignity of that Ilouse. They should recollect that
the Governments who were thus exposed to censure were
once our Allies. Their conduct was open to inquiry, but it
ought to be carried on with temper and discretion. No good
result could he expected from that mode of examination,
which degenerated into abuse and asperity. Of that cha-
racter were such observations as that of the lion. Gentleman,
when he talked of the hatred of the tyrants, and their being
irreconcileable to this conatry. Ile was of opinion that the
true line of policy fur this country to adopt was that of neu-
trality. The great proportion of the people were in favour
'of that policy. Ile should consider any deviation from it un-
wise,*as tang as it was consisteal with our honour and true
interests.—(hear.)
The original Address and the Amendment being then read

Wm!
• -

.~~;.

`.~~_

from the Chair,
Mr. HOBHOUSE rose and said, lie hoped that at an
occasion of ruck critical importance, as almost to excuse
any Englishman, however deficient he might be in capa-
city, from cowing forward, the House would allow him
to express his sentiments, and state what he felt to be a
gross failure, and a dewradation of this countr, , by the
measures of the Rightrifonourable Gentleman and his
colleagues. At the same time lie must congratulate the
House, that neither in the Amendment, nor in the speech-
es of the two Honourable Gentlemen by whom it was re-
commended, bad their British ears been insulted by the
language of debasement and slavish subserviency, which
was heard in another place to which he must not more
particularly allude. They bad heard every principle by
which they were wont to be guided, every feeling which
they delighted to cherish, openly attacked. They had
heard IllaXilllp3 subversive of at.l liberty and happiness
avoed, and ushed Ls an extent that surpassed even the
hope ws
of the despots the whose every act was di-
rected towards the sealing of tt.e slavery of Europe.—
(Hear.) It was, indeed. a great comfort to find that nei-
ther of the lion. Gentle:nen, the Member for London,
nor the Member for Yorkshire, had said that at the Con-
gress of Verona England should not have used the lan-
guage of remonstrance. England, it was said, should so
have demeaned herself at this Congress, as not to be
supposed to uphold by her countenance the detestable
revolutionary principles now flourishing in Spain. The
lion. Gentleinen bad only dune justice to themselves, as
the Representatives of the people, by abstaining from
such a discreditable line of observation. On the con-
trary, they were agreed with his lion. Friend iu princi-
ple, and used language quite as strong—language such
as became all Englishmen to use on an occasion of such
unexampled interest. At the same time that they ob-
jected to the powerful and burning language of his Ho-
nourable Friend,they.thernselves bad fallen into the same
error. He should wish to know what expression could
be more strong—more emphatic, or more designating
the feeling of an indignant mind, than the simple word
" execration," used by the Honourable Member for
. London? The Honourable Member told them that he
execrated the invasion of Spain by the French. " We,"
said Mr. Hobhouse, "wedo no more—we look only
with execration upon this outrage; we want no more
severe—no more painted expressions of feeling; and
if the Honourable Member would only follow up
the spirit of this language by his vete to-night, I
should say that the City. of London was never more
worthy represented than in his person."--(Hear, and a
laugh.) The Honourable Member had said that he was
actuated by the same sentiments as those which ani-
mated the minds of Iris constituents, and that a greatma-
jority of them were satisfied with the conduct of Go-
vernment. It was difficult to tell what the feelings of a
large population were, unless by the expression of their
sentiments at a public Meeting. (Mr. Wilson said that
he bad stated a large proportion of his constituents.)—
He (Mr. H.) bad the honour of representing a larger
share of the population, and he must say that, after hay- i
ipneirii
eunsceed
leeotrieli
imn etaanas
dtoopta ascertain rct
,a)iniicittiliseL t feelings,he
rete.hrisse eoxi
that put forward by the lion. Gentleman. That portion
of the empire which he had the honour to represent,
would have been happy to continue to make the same
sacrifices, to hear the same (Murmurs urdens, Whionch
the 'Minis had been
terial
their
kit during the late war.
%aches.) He was unable to, comprehend the meaning
of this interruption, he should repeat, that his constito-
eats Would he happy to undergo t;ie same course of pri-
vition and pressure again, if the honour of England and
the cause of liberty tetrired it. At far as he had been
able to collect their opinions, be believed he had been ac-
curate Stills representations. He wished not to be rule
aridtritocri. They would not, support a purely minis'',
'vial war, waged upon some. hypothetical principler-sach
tat a war to open the navigation of die Selso.lt, orvegar•
'Obi of the Swiss' States. But should the Vtarrement
iindertake i iMpular war, to put (1044 tyriiikwy. 40 0:

unjust pretences of the despots, they would find them-
selves suppor'ed hand and heart by a great majority of
the people. If he, for his part, found that Ins consti-
tuents were of an opposite opinion. much as he valued
the distinction of their choice for the honour of their re-
presentative,he would instantly resign his trust into their
hands, to give them an opportunity of choosing a person
more in unison with their Wishes. gut the Dap. lieu-
tleman who moved the amendment, mpch as Ise bed
praised the eloquence which liberty inspired, bad quite
misapprehended the spirit of the Spanish Mialititeseoree
munieation ; for M. San Mie eel, so far from approvingof
the conduct of England, Issal pointed out a different
course, and told her Minister that had she followed that
line of conduct, it would have been snore suitable to her
position in Eerape. It seemed that the British Minister
was satisfied, after cominunicating notes to the other Poe.
ers, to make a verbal comminication to Spain of the is-
tentions of England nut to interfere in the domestic con-
cerns of Spain " The Government of his Majesty,"
said M. San Miguel, " his received with grotitu.de, bee
without surprise, the verbal cominuoication purporting
that the Cabinet of hie Britannic Majesty, respecting
the independence and putitieal isistittstiotts adopted by rt..
Spanish nation, is determined not to interfere in our do,
•mestie affairs. " Nothiee," he cotitinued, " nothing
else could be expected from the Boverustrent of a nation
which, like the 0,160, knows its rights and the pri-
mordial eirinciples of public Isw—and it is only to be
wondered at that it should not think it expedient to give a
declaration of such obvious justice the solemnity which it
deserves." and yet, after this, the Honourable
.Sietue ,
her for Yorkshire talked of our doing that which a ai ap-
proved by M. Sao Miguel. "The ties," ens&lesed ellat
Minister, "of intimate resard, the principle of mutual
convenience, sod the analogy of the resp •ctive in-titu-
tions which exist in Spain and Engleotl,--d0 they not po-
sitively entitle the fernier, overwhelused with difficulties,"
—here the Minister hail the manliness to avow that Spain
was pressed by difficulties—that she could not go ue be
herself—and pointing plainly to the interference which
every honourable mind must come to—" Do they not,'
continued M. San Miguel, " entitle the furuier to expect
from the latter, whose political itifluence is of the great-
est weight, something more titan simple and abstractjut-
tice—sonsething more titan a passive tespect for universal
laws, than a cold and insensible neutrality ?" What did
the Hun. Nlember for Yorkshire meats, then, by imputing
to M. Son Miguel that he approved of the conduct of hug-
land ? The Minister is etst on to ask if the interest wl'ede
befitted two nat:ons in sitol'ar c:rcusustances existed is.
the Court of Condon, why did it nut manifest itself ily
visible acts of friendly interposition? He hardly t sought
that be and the Hon.. Member could be alluding to tee
same despatch. His llotaFriend had scarcely (lose more
in his motion than eularge upon the simple and pathetne
language of the Spanish 31inister—laugmee that was
unequalled for : eresty and force, and which cams home
to the business and bosom our'ry man. fiata 3 Miguel,
however went on to say. " is itif these be-
nevolent acts exist ?" What! he doubted thin that
such acts had been performed, and yet he talked of
as approving the conduct of England; "or how is
it," continued he, " the: if these benevolent acts exist,
they are not communicated to the l ablnet of his
Catholic Majesty ?" lie (Mr. II.) knew no other answer
to this than the old one, that, as th, y (lid tii,t ee pear, they
should be held not to exist—dc UOIL apparcatibus rt dr non
existentibus carton est ratio. " Well, sac goes on," said
Mr. Henhouse; (a laugh) —" I mt Smith" •The de
spatch goes on thus:—" England mielit act in this manner.
Being able, ought she so to act ! And if she ought, has
she acted so T. 'Why, then, does she not notify to Spain
what bas been done, and what it is proposed to do in that
mediatoryetense ? Are their weighty inconve.iiences which
enjoin discretion—which show the necessity of seeresy ?
They do not appose to an ordinary penetration. After this
be wouldqut it to the lion. Member for I( orkAire—he
would put to his understanding—to his power of reading, if
it now appeared that Al. San Miguel approved of the con-
duct of Great Britain? The very next paragraph contained
matter on which, if not the Member fur Yorkshire, at least
the Right ?lon. Secretary would at once se, the whole
point turned. "Nevertheless," added the Meinister, " the
Government of his Catholic Majesty thinks itself bound to
I manifest, in the face of the world, that whilst it respects
the rights of others, it will never admit the least interven-
tion In Its internal concerns, nor execute an a.ft which may
compromise in the least the free exercise of National So-
vereignity." After this declaration on the part of Spain,
after stating her resolution not to concede one jot, what did
we do to convince her that we intended to mediate in the
sense which she was justified in aserihin; to our interposi-
tion? We sent over Lord Fitzroy Soxerset eith a memo-
randum from the Duke of Wellington. One would intro
hoped that for the sake of his oats reputation, and that
from a recollection of what he had dune himself for this
freedom of Spain, the Noble writer wiiuld have couched his
sentiments in different language. It was such as every
friend of liberty, and every lover of hereivrn must lamest
to see proceeding from such a quarter. With reference to
the merits of its style, he could not apply the same observa-
tion to the Noble Duke, as was made upon another great
warrior—" miens anano quo seripsit debellarat." Ilia
Grace appeared to he of opinion that England had a right
to offer friendly counsel; but did he give it io a manner
such as allowed the recognition of the national sove-
reignty? No; but it proceeded to such a length, and
was wound up with so much sophistry, that it was impos-
sible to divine what it really was, that the Noble writer
himself wished to have done. It hall been said that the
Duke was that person whose counsel was entitled to the
respect of Spain, on account of his services to that roan.
try. But did he do nothing for France. Were not his
services to that country at least as important as those he
had rendered to Spain ? Was he not as meritorious its
the eyes of that—he must say, ungrateful family of the
Bourbons, as be was in those of Spain, and yet it was
never expected from him that be should have made any
appeal to the gratitude of France, or used one word of
remonstrance against a course avowedly disapproved of
b this country. When the Right Honourable Secretary,
iny placing these papers on the table, in the course of
his statement had mentioned the word remonstance, he
(Mr. H.) heard the expression with lively satisfaction;
hut when he came to examine the papers, he looked is
vain, page after page, for something like reutoestranee.
No ;—not in vain ; he should not say so; there was re-
monstrance used, not to France, indeed, but to Spain,
and very strong remonstrance it was. What, for se-
stance, did the English Minister say to Spain? "If
Spain," said he, " be disposed to solicit our mediation,
she scill entitle herself to it—first, by redressing our
grievances, and, secondly, by a confidential and sponta-
neous assurance that his Catholic Majesty and his tensity
are safe from violence." He would ask if at the moment
when Spain, casting an anxious eye to England, had
called out " help us, or we sink," that was a moment for
the British Minister to say, " when you have done what
we ask of you, we will tell you what we mean to do:
They did nut say that when Seale hod yielded obedience
to her they Would then assist her, but they would tell bee
whether they would assist her or not. Ihe safety of tie
.King! What was the King to us? We never inquired
about the people. No, no ; the King was every thing—
the safety of the King was foremost—ever busy about
that accursed monarchical principle.—(• ontion
t
Ministerial tide, followed by cheers from the Opposi
Benches.)--" I know (continued Mr. 11.) that 1 address
an' English House of Commons, autl I have a right in
their presence to say the accursed monarchical priuciple,
gadaenseEniteltub ettlori.
of no avail the prodigal sacrifice of our blood and treV
e
sure for the preservrtion of liberty."—(Cheers.) T
1 herasuasd renasoidttee
a--1 lt
°a
n i oIr! .:et' nde eirred rti
n—all and
Bon. Member who proposed the entendaueut, had net
disdained to say. that Mieisters deserved the
Batiks of th.ef
counfry for preserving, " at, all erects," the. peace
• Europe. At ill twigs, come what.suight. No; tbe lio.

11Iemb
man

part t
Tutu
pau,
tie r
that 1
affair
sity.
in Sp

'Hum'

vier'
to rt
knto

Spai
11"• m
the
31130

Lev(
prol
any
that
the
Can
Lein

~rcr

t

7 trois. • ...
