V fa asauszsay go LISV $ _
aiLLIA NG&
L
It- is stated. Ma the. Emperor of Aestrit has for-
bidden his subjecii in his Italian dominions, to print
sty work, until it has been submitted to the Censor.
There all the labours of the poet, politician, philoso-
pher, and writers of every description, intended for the
press, must be submitted to the inspection of some
slavish lairs of the Court. This Is one of the
blessed tyska of the conduct of the Holy Alliance
Gentry, who openly laugh at mankind, and believe
that they 'possess the divine right of chaining the
minds of their subjects, as well as fettering their bo.
dies. Such a birbaroes attempt to check the spread
of knowledge,• might have been made in past ages
eithoot notice; bet, in the present day, the outrage
creates alarm; god whilst its mischief is condemned,
its folly is despised, es its elects not only injure the
subject, bet also sap the foundation of the Throne..
Power happily loses its vigour, when employed
against the social rights of man ; and those who
would place, others ender the curse of Ignorance,
suffer themselves from the evil they would n-
osed. Toe vanity, the imbecility, and the ty.
rannical inclination of the Ministers of the Legiti•
mates, are daily beconsh.g more apparent : the reno.
seams of the terrible, but sacred, Inquisition in
Spain—the restoretioo of the ancient fooleries in
France—the seestwal of the religions antics at Naples.
—the procrastination of the Wog of Prussia of the
long promised Representative Government—the abo-
lition of all liberty of the press in the German and
Italian States—the annihilation of the ancient privi-
leges of the Genoese, end the diabolical dismember-
ment and distribution of Venice, Finland, Norway,
and Poland, against the will of the. People, to satisfy
the huge appetite of legitimacy, cry to Heaven against
these Counsellors for redres. In the minds of those
who know the condition of subjects on the Conti.
pent, the cruel policy of its Governments mites no
astonishment ; where the Governors profess the mon-
strous faith of many made for one, there the one, as
Iggi_eglie has the ability, will treat the many as his
caprice directs or bis whim dictates. Whilst millions
'really enough to bear with patience the innumerable
calamities which pride inflicts, they will be regarded
by their masters, not as flier,. but as machines; not as
human beings, but as beasts of burthen, which they may
eseas they please. T. e comfort, the happiness, the int.
provement of the People, will be left to chance, or be re-
strained by the tulle hand of authority, when Ruth°.
rity considers that either their improvement or their
happiness is inconsistent with i.s desires. Uttswed
by fear, holding justice in contempt, it boldly pun.
sues its way to dominion ; and, bounding its views
only by its inclinations, covers its path with ruin,
unshaded by remorse. Whilst the mass of society
marches rapidly on to the temple of • isdom, its di-
rectors and rulers bend their steps toward the
ease of ignorance. Old prejudices fill the seat of
rf.a.ion ; antique notions cloud the judgment; and
worn•out magi= guide ton many of those, who,
from their rank and influence, ought to be foremost
among sages End philosophers. Inattentive to the
progress of civilization, they act as if folly was the
best substitute for knowledge, and at If benevolence
and since were of less estimstion than glaring pomp
and splendid show. Instead of gently gliding on the
stream of opinion, weak as they are, they throw
themselves into the torrent, and try to stem its
strength: they galenist their powers in vain projects
to role by force, rather than by love; they court ad-
miration, and twits contempt, and, by their wheal.
colaticuts. undermine the authority they wish to pre.
serve. They trust to the bayonet, not to the laws,
and perceive more virtue in the sword, than inks.
tice, beneficence, and mercy I—The greatest insult
that can be offered to the human understanding,
Is to compel mankind to read only such works as
Bile Courtiers permit—works, which tend to res.
tier map submissive to oppression, and heedless of
public wrongs. It is the armed force alone, passive
and obedient to the will of the despot, on which he
relies, whoa thus he tramples on his fellow-mortals ;
it is the fear of these tigets of civilized society, that
perpetrates the miseries of nations, god protects the
vices of Governments. Were there us men se de-
praved as to become the willing slaves of tyranny,
there would be no tyrants. The confederacy against
mankind now so openly avowed, will necessatily
produce either abject slavery or intestine wars. If
the People of the Continent quietly resign themselves
to the will of their oppressors, thence will follow ig-
norance, poverty, stretehedness, and despair ; if
, they conteud against their oppressors, contention,
confusion, anarchy, and destruction, will mark their
career. Wise Statesmen would try to avert the ills
of tyranny and anarchy ; try to provide a shield for
the oppressed, and to procure for Sovereigns every
prerogative useful to mankind. lint in vain do we
seek for such wisdom among German Ministers :
they own no abhorrence of slavery, feel no disgust
of despotism ; mere creatures of precedent, mill.
horse or ceremony, rigid. votaries of custom,
they know no liberty but the liberty of the file,
no rights but those which are to lie found in
the imperial rescript. Even the Regency of our
gracious Sovereign, issued in his Majesty's electorate,
in the year 1794, a Royal Ordinance, to prohibit
the proprietors of libraries from lending any books,
not included in their catalogues delivered to the
Police: and this disgustful document, so roach at
variance with the general conduct of our good old
King, ends than :—" Also immediately to seise such
'writings, mentioned in the catalogues, as are known
to he DASGEKOUS or PROHIBITED, but in doubtful
Wes to apply to our Regency for further instruct.
'ions." This is enough to make us pray to Goo to
prevent Englishmen from imbibing German notions,
following German policy, associating with German
Ministers, or admiring German slavery. Ppsterity
will unwillingly give credence to the Historian, when
he describes the projects of the Congress and their
consequences, that Britain, once the freest of the
free, sanctioned its plundering!, countenanced its ra-
pacity, and participated in Its misdeeds; but, with
horror will it view the ground of its defence, which
Lord Castlereagh designated by the name of 6'
tnrilexpediency,"—a preparation for the nest mighty
game of murder. that will be played for the amuse.
',tent of the GREAT I.

THE STAITSM.kN

-

M.l.===.

MR. ARBUTHNOT:I::: -

' k't
AL ANIWIIINOTT TO THE COMMANIIING 011/Cit
PORT GAINES.
"White Risen March 3, ISM
" The Read Chiefs request I will enquire of tttr.
why American settlers lire descending the Chemis*.
cbie, driving the poor Indian from his habitatioa
tnd taking possession of his home and cultivated
elds. Without authority, I can claim nothing Ore*
you; bet, a humane and philanthropitiprincipla gold-
in me, I hope the 'mot *ill influence )m.; and 'if
such is really the este, and that the hue marked out
by the Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and
the United States, respecting the Indian nations, has
been Infringed by any of the Gideon' of the latter,
•you will represent to them their improper conduct,
and prevent its continuance.
" I have in my possession a letter, received from
~he Governor of New Providence, addressed to him
by his Blitennie Majesty's Chief ecretary of State,
informing him of orders giien to the British Ambas-
sador at Washington, to watch over the interests of the
,Indlan nations, and see their rights are faithfolly at-
tended to and protected, agreeably to the Treaty of
Peace made between the British and the Americans.

" I ion in hopes that ere this there is arrived at
New Providence • person from Great Britain, with
authority to act as agent for the Indian nations; and
if so, it will 4;evolve upon hint to see that the
boundary lines, as marked out by the Treaty, are
not infringed."

COPT 01 A TALK CENT FROM VIII HRITIett AGM IN
RM.? FLORIDA TO THE RIO WARRIOR, HRAD-CUIRt
OT TUC ORME NATION OF INDIANs
:
When the English made peace with the Americans,
they incleded the whole of the Indian nations, viz.
Creek, Choctaw, Ci•ickssew, and Cherokee. Those
nations were paranteed in the quiet pomession of
their lands, arid the Americans engaged to give ep
seek lands of the Indians as they had taken possession
of duriug the war.
If they have not done so, or if they have been
making further encroachments, the chiefs have only
to represent their complaints and the aggressions of
the Americans to the Governor of New Providence,
who witi forward them to England, er get them con-
ge,ed to the British Minister at Washington, who
has dots from the King of England to see that the
rights of the nations above mentioned are protected,
and the stipulations contained in the Treaty, in their
favour, are faithfully carried into elocution.
The Am' deans have no wish to go to war ; they
will not, therefore, do any thing contrary to the
Treat„ and what encroachments have been made
moat he without the knowledge of the Chief of the
Am►rican Gosernment; and so soon as he is in-
formed thereof by the Brisish Minister at Washing.
ton, he will order the American people who have
taken possession of Indian lands, to draw back 40
their own posaeasions.
The Indian nations are all one great family; they
possess lands their great forefathers handed down to
them, and they ought to hand then► down entire to
their children. If they sell their land, what do they
receive for it ? Nothing that will last. It is wasted
away in a few years. Whether, therefore, they sell
or give it away, they are robbing their children of
the inheritance they had a right to expect. As a
great family they ought to live as such with each
other ; let the four nations join in bonds of brother-
ly love; let them smoke the pipe of peace; let the
, cultivation of their hods be their chief object dur-
ing spring and summer, and hunting their diversion
during •hiter, and the produce of their labour will
be bought by good people, who will come and deal
with them phen they know there is any thing to be
purchased for goods or money.
If the Americans or other nations live near them,
let them live in friendship with them, and keep op e
good understanding, bet on no account sell or give
away any of their lands. IL recommend this as a
'fiend of humanity and of good order,
Okelokoa, March 11,1917. A. ARBUTHNOT?.

The Had Chiefs of the Upper Creek nation hove
desired me. Oponey, to get the straight for them;
what is written in the foregoing I believe to be the
true and straight talk received from an Englishman
who carried two Deputies to New Providence, and
has returned with them to Okolokne. I, Oponey,
have been sent by you, the Head Chiefs of the
Upper Creek natioo, to see the Seminole Indians; I
bate done so; they lies quietly and peaceably, and
wish to do so, with all their Red Brethren in every
part of the nation.
Opoy Hatch° has desired me tin see those things :
I have done so: end see all quiet, and had the talk I
now send you, end shaken hoods with the friend oho
gave it me.
That the friend I have met came over with goods
by desire of the Chiefs of the lower towns, and is a
true friend to the-Indians. The various and tontine
talks that you send se from time to time, anon be
made by some person, an sweaty to all us Red
Brethren, and ought not to be' listened to; let inc
know who they are, end seed:mil inenswer 11. soon
as possible to the present talii:,:-A;” - '
qrqs lilt, Nast work.
Witten by order of the ofeillseid Opewey, the
11th March, 1817.
As ARBUTHNOT?.
Whew, ARON MOM

-

A merry Hibernian was brought before the Magi'.
crates, on Thursday last, at the Town.hall, at Brigh.
ton, for drunkenness, and was ordered -to pay.ss.
lar be placed in the stocks. Pat, however, remarked
that he should never forgive himself if he chose either ;
theegh he had no fear of the first, net having silt-
peace in the world, and it was not a proper thing
for a man in his circumstances to be dabbling in
the Stocks._
DAntoo Rososay.—Yesterday morning, about
eine o'clock, as the family of Mrs. Clarke, in Lower
Grosvenor-piece, were at breakfast in the kitchen, a
fellow got over the railings into the indoor (she
window being open on account of its being fresh
painted), and took from the side•board'a •eleable
clock, with which he made his escape. The robbery
was not discovered for some time-afterwards. About
11 o'clock a man passed by tho house handcuffed,
with the identical clock, having offered it for sale In
• very suspicious manner. JHrs. C. bag Wolfed
it as her prope►ty.


.~„_ .

,

LAS CAS.

! '-a 7.

.! --•
A 'hank, entitled "Memoirs or Collie Latry
ine,ov.
Vitas neon pablistled. We subjai an ettiact hum a
letter *riven by him to Lucien Donapsrte 2--•
"On ifilving as LonA'iriOlii:fit? Emperor enriedo
v,oured to take oh, itniiAsek • the• os•1111.ei
ordinary activity of his fatly Ofe rendered et*? it.'
terreption of it dangeirons for him, and vi*
;perhaps already, that Coivis4rt recommended this
species of eserilse to him, by stise of fprereotiv• et
a disesie with which lie is lb eslentsit The brOolidsa
1411 within which' we could range, without bell/ Ora
[unintended by strangers, were pretty limited. 'rhull.
gmperor, k is well known, is accustomed to long
siolent riding;., but here the limited apace, the,ialw
tomtit), of the place, rho constant unaasied
which gave his rides in seine mea.ure the appekrapee
api a mallege lesson, filled him with &alma., • sod Ins-
, Was soon induced to renounce that pleasetwaltoo
gather ; and neither our eihortiitioas nor air *root
aatteaties could ever afterwards induce Mm to alter
his resolution. • It is improwllde for me,' be Mould
say, • to tern myself In So cosiiined a cirri,* *hew I
have a horse under me, Ai fro, it • tousles' desire to
give it the rein; and this is a desire which I nous
gratify here; it is p torture which cannot
heat:
The island is from SS to SO =UM in circumference.
'rite Emperor was allowed to ride ewer every pert et
' it outlet the seperinteodesee of an Eliglisk. ;
bet this is a ceastrelet toybieb be could emir NA-
belt kisaself.

66 Neither the Mersin :sin the colour of the elotb,
ofr his being surrounded by men of Wdiferent na.
don, Is au annoyance to the littejiiteiret kr,' says
he, • whoever hes received the baptises of dre le, In
my eyes, of the same religion t' but he miter wished
to go into the open air except for recreation t on sects
an occallolt he might have wen desirous of epenine
his heart to es 'Wheat reserve, bet the pretence of:a
stranger would have rendered this imposoilele; he
might have been dispoied for a moment to kip/ his
unfortunate situation, but the presence of his jailer
would have perpetually recalled it to his rement.
braece. • Every thing In human life,' he *aid: ',is
settject to calculation, and evil and good mart be
balanced : the good which would accrue to my body
is try no means eqintl ,to theinjory Which my mind
mast thereby necessarily suffer. •
" One day Admiral Cockburn, with much entire
tesy, espressed a eillingness to allow greater fiber'?
to the Emperor when be rode out ; but this was but
for a single day, for the following morning, whether
he repented of what he hot done, or had some other
reasosi, it was pretended that there had been a mile
unilerstaniling, sod so the matter was dropt.
" Th. principal occupetiiin of the Emperor con.
sists in reading in his apartment, or in dictating to
one of us the chief events of his life. Tie time
spent in tit. Helena will not be altogether lost for
Naiory and the glory of France. The campaigns of
Italy and Egypt are already written; Mils a work
worthy of the great subject of it; it belonged to bias
who performed these is otsdera to dearribe them.
Th. Emperor has seq hied the Enellsh languages
and to me the fame is due of having instructed him its
it ; in less than 30 lessons he was able to enderstan4
the English Journals; he now reads already every
English work. • • • • • •
" The openness and honesty of Admiral Malcolm,
in particolar, deserves to be mentioned in high terms
of praise; nor i;ritability in our misery, as well as
the peculiarity of his official situation, have aloes
prevented us from giviag expression to the feelings
which he and Lady Malcolm, far whose character
we have the most cordial regard, have excited in our
breasts.
" One day this Admiral, in a coversation with us,
-happened accidentally to discover that we hod no
shade, and that we had it in contemplation to procure
a teat for the Emperor under which he might occa-
sionally pass the day. Not long after this covet ss-
tion the Emperor was enabled to take his breakfast
in a specious tent tepidly constructed oot of the sails of
the frigate. This was a piece of European politenest,
which was here quite unespected by us, and it could
not fail, therefore, to produce on us a deep impres-
eon. The Emperor has often used, and still uses
this tent, but not always without interruption. flow
often on she approach of a troublesme enemy has ha
been obliged to break I.ff in the middle of his conver-
sation or dictation I Ile would then say, ' let us re.
torn to our but ; they grudge use even the fresh air
which I here breathe.'
" Every thing, even down to the aunt petty de.
tells, betrays the personal character and disposition
of our jailer ; he pots into our hands the Journals in
which we are harshly treated, and keeps from us
those in which we are spoken of in less hostile terms;
he retains the works which are favourable to us, un-
der the preteat that they did not come through the
heeds of the Ministry, and be displays the utmost
zeal in furnishing es with every libel against us from
I his own private library."

daysege,.atr.leate workmen were opening
sp e ems pia* oflFeld it the fost of Donsinnatte-
bill, in which arc still some remains of Macbeth's
vitrified fart, they came upon an ern of considerable
dimensions, containing half•calcitieni human bones.
It seemed to have base completely cowered with
large stones, end was a good way below the present
seance of the ground. Circumstances make it highly
probable that the deposit was made after the battle
which was fought in that place in 1054, between
Siwaid end Macbeth. The ern is in the possession
of J. M. Naito, Esq. of Donsinnane.
Mr. BRAC1[••111.1•1r, fOrMegli a celebrated thane.
ten ea the Tort, died a few days ago at his seat of
Raithby Hail, near Spiliby, in Yorkshire, in the
66th year of his age. By bls will, he has left 10001.
to the Bible Society.
A paragraph appeared in our Paper of Saturday lest
(copied fronts MorningJoernal),stating,t bat as a dray
belonging to Messrs. Weekly was proceeding etung
Ster.eorner, Bermondsey', (see of the wheels came
in contact with a cart 'high was standing by the side
of the road ; that the cart was upset by the shock,
and a MR who was Inside had both his leis broken,
and was taken to St. Themes'. nospitol. We are de.
sired to contradict the statement, as being utterly
SWIM.
