THE STATESMAN.

the social state, civilisation and more enlightened
vices have disarmed it of its must fatal rouse-'
quest a*. It has, in consequence, assumed a less
sanguinary appearance among the nations whet
profess the Christian religion religion fraught
with charity, love, and benevolence. The cap.
tive seized uu the field of battle no longer dreads
indignities perpetrated by former ages—no longer
shrinks with terror at the prospect of chants and
slavery at a distance from his home, still more
terrible than death ; —no triumphal car -drags
him bound to its wheels; nu public sale reduces
hint to a level with the brute, to serve an unpi.
lying master, crushed beneath the weight of toils
and cruelties. l'iisimers no* experience the
kindness due to misfortune. Separated for I
while from their families, the well-founded hope
that peace will shortly restore them to their habi-
tations and their friends, allays their Oa, and
cheers their captivity.
Ever since the establishment of a standing
force in the heart of every European State, civi-
lised nations have bound themselves to employ re-
gular troops alone, and not tumultuous crowds
of insubordinate peasants, unable to support the
attack of a well-disciplined and experienced
enemy, in the decisiou of their differences.—
Whatever the causes of the war may be, in order
to diminish its calamities, it is agreed that the
peaceful inhabitants of the country should be re-
spected ; that only strong places and citadels
should be defended ; and that a fruitless oppo-
sition made in villages and open towns can have
Gunther aim than to effect the ruin of their nine-
bitants by the destruction of their goods anti pro.
perty. In 6 word, to conquer, and not to de-
stroy, is now the sole acknowledged rod of war.
Until the present times, this lawful mode of
warfare had been the only one practised by the
Spaniards, in the bosom of their own peninsula,
as well as in foreign countries. Murder had
never stained the reputation of their warriors.
But not satisfied with the common evils of war,
and the dreadful consequences of anarchy, which
they alone have produced, those who have hur-
ried their countrymen into the present war wish
to give it a character f ferocity which appals
humanity, anti which, scarcely equalled even
among savages, caters its authors with indelible
shame.

The abnegation of every humane fecli ng, and
hatred foe their own country, can alone have led
the Junta of Seville to issue the order dated the
-Ith of January of the present year, which dooms
every Spanish village that shall nut oppose the pas.
sage of French troops to the dames.
The laws of war, according to all the writers
on that stihject, especially the celebrated Mar-
quis de Santa Cruz, in his Commentaries, suthu.
rise an hostile General to raze every village
which, although not fortified nor garrisoned,
pretends to resist, or where any of his soldiers
have been murdered. Thus the death of a single
man would calm the destruction of . hundreil‘, or
at least, would 14itimate plunder,
.and all the
excesses which a peaceful conduct could, and
ought to have prevented. e.
This decree, however, is not more pernicious
than that issued by the same Junta, which autho-
rizes the formation of companies of robbers or
land-pirates. The Spaniards have already expe-
rienced the effects of such organizations. What
man, who still feel s the impulse of honour, will
ever debase himself by such service ? Wretches,
the scum of the population of the country, smug.
glers, and depredators torn or escaped from their
prisons, and even couvicts, whom society had
chained to secure its tranquillity, so far from
entrusting to their hands the care of its defence
—such are the heroes with whom those cotnpauies
are filled.
It is evident that such decrees spring from de.
spair and powerless rage alone. The authors of
the war are conscious that the whole of Spain will
finish by acknowledging King Joseph I. fur its
lawful Sortreigii. They know, that had the de.
cision depended on thu valour of armies, it would
long since have been given in his favour. It is in
order to delay that happy moment, that they have
recourse to measures as extraordinary as they are
cruel, and which ran only be attended with the
extermination of all those in whose hands they
have placed the dagger and the sword.
J u Lit 20.—0 n the lath of August next,
the festival of St. Napoleon will be celebrated at
the capital by a grand display of tire-works. hi'
tite evening the cupola of St. Peter and the Vatican
will be illuminated. On the Ist of January next,
the franc will become the- only current small coin
in this free and Imperial city. The French and
Italian coins, bearing the image of the Emperor,
shall pass current with the coins of the old Go.
vernment. The institution of the Sbirri is sup.
pressed. The Roman States are to be divided into
departments, cantons, and commons. As soon as
the publication of this new division takes place,
the present denomination of our various provinces
shall be altered. The administration of every de.
partment is to consist of a Prefect, a Secretary.
General, a Council of Prefecture, and a Council
General of Department. The individuals confined
in the prisons can no longer he deprived of all
communication with their friends, unless their sub-
sequent conduct renders such additional severity
indispensible. Every person who may be arrested
shall immediately be transferred to prison, and the
motives for his arrest must be written and explained
un the gaoler's book.
Fit A NI Fort, Jor.r 21.—Letters from Turkey
state that a bloody battle has taken place between
the Russians and the Turks between Sophia and
Adrianople. It is added, that the victory has
been long and desperately disputed, but that
the itussians have remained masters of a field of
battle dearly purchased. Such are the contents
of those letters. But news from that quarter,
which travels so fast, is always uncertain or con-
tradirtory ; and 'we can get no positive and au-
thentic information of any event but a lung while
after it has happened. Fishermen hare found in
the 11).iiiihe, about six miles from Semlio, the
corpses of a great number of soldiers.
Fatant. Re, Jur.y 18.-13 y a circular letter,
I dated July 10, the I.3titlanonan of Switzerland
I communicates to thu Governments of thu various

Cantous the decree unanimously passed on the sth
inst. by the Diet, respecting the remit situation
of Switzerland and its armed neutrality. The
Laudatuman invites all the Cantons to obey the
stipulations of this decree, which consist of seven.
The following ferns its chief contents : the present
Diet adheres to the system of neutrality adopted
by the extraordinary Diet, in order to secure the
inviolability of our territory. The Landamman
is ordered to take every diplomatic measure neces-
sary to maintain that neutrality. The military
cordon placed on our frontiers shall retain its pusi_
lion, and may be et►creasexi. to 15,000 men, the
total of the federal contingent, but it shall be di..
minished and disbanded as soon as circumstances
will allow, without endangering our safety and
tranquillity. The Cantons shall furnish succes.
sively, at the Landarnman's request, the cumin.
gent of money necessary fur the st,pport of our
troops. The Cantons are invited to be in readi.
ness to raise new soldiers, in case his Excellency
should find himself compelled to assenshle a toted
that should exceed the first federal contingent.
At the same time he would be obliged to call an
extraordinary Diet. The Governors of Cantons
are also invited to esiturce the strict exercise of
Ole Police in the interior, to prevent every stet►
*hick might compromise our nentrality, and espe-
cially to watch over the sale df all kinds of muni.
tions of war.

Arrived. Malls. Doe.
1
0
Gottenburgb ...... 3
(I
1

MICR CW STOCKS rills
perCeld.Cans. Ell et. di,.
3 per CPU Red: 681
4 per Got 811 I
Navy.... ... ; ..911 9
Conools far Ace •

1/PeY AT ONE OCIACK.
°maims ..11 1 prem.
Long. Ann 111 13-16
Knee. 11ills, Ss 13s. prem.
ISM* &Path, VOL Vs. prem.
Lottery Ticket', 31/. I IN

mull wATut AT L'INDON 111111)(11:.
This Afterouop it nolo. put 1 o'clock.

THE STATESMAN.

FILUPUVITI TSNA i.

1.0 A' DO N :
IMIDAY, AUGUST 11.

Waxy the Expedition sailed, the Public was
led to believe, that by the establishment of signal
sesselr, intelligence would be almost homely coo.
veyedatross the Channel, of the operatives of an
armament, before which every island and every
fortress was expetted to fall in successionoeithout,
much more opposition than was necessary to pre.
serve the appearance of resistance. The first and
last dispatches arrived in town on Sunday, and on
the Friday morning following, a period of almost
five days, the people, and, as we presume, from
their silence, the Ministers of England, remain in
profound ignorance of what is !sassing in the ins.
mediate vicinity of our own coasts. Of the
event of this Expedition we have never had but I
one °elision—that it is too late, and c.txxoT be
sucecsful.— The mere possession of the Islands
at the mouth of the Scheldt cannot, by any one,
he deemed a successful—adequate result of the
combined efforts of a Naval and Military Force,
more formidable than any that is recorded in his.
tory—and that any serious impression can now
be made upon the Continent, even the most san-
guine and deluded have almost ceased to expect.
—The Expedition, which sailed on the 28th of
July, was announced to the public about the
middle of June. At first it was to bare bee!' a
secret Expedition, for the accomplishment of an
object at no great distanee—" Only a few Regi.
" molts, without heavy baggage or other isscuin.
64 brance," were destined for the service. Nest,
, was announced (on the 24th of June), that the
" Expedition about to sail from the coast of Suf.
46 folk" would be accompanied by the Venerable
Man of war, under the command of Sir HOME
POPHAM—which ship had " returned into port a
44. few days before from Flushing."
To carry Flushing by a coup de main, was /hen
thought to be the object of the secret Expedition;
but the battle of Aspens, and Ow long pause of
NAPOLEON in Vienna, soon changed its character
from secrecy, to that of an open, undisguised
attempt to stimulate the Continent to " throat
off the yoke."—Froin that period• to tbo present)
our public prints have daily given
" Dreadful note of preparation t"

and it certainly will not be denied, that an rope.
dition has at last left our shores, froM which very
important results .might have been anticipated,
had it but been ix time—that unhappily is nut
the fact—it is completely and absolutely out of
time—there has been lime given to the enemy to
make that picparation for defence, which will
Iftevitably dcfcat the grand object of the Expe.
edition—fur the real objects of this armament
most have been known, or very shrewdly
costjectured, at jhe latter end of June—and
it is not
.very unreasonable to apprehend that
the tuiddlc of August may arrive 'ere Antwerp can
be attacked—so that there will have bech almost
two months for the collection of troops, and
strengthening the already very powerful elvf,ne,s
of that place. If the following acculinti;, which
arrived in town this morning, are nut absolutely
ful,e, it should seem that the sang* of resistance
given by the town of Flushing is nut calculated to
confirm. the eaptviations that way have lace!, form.
edi .10 the LOW confidence of credulity, that aii
almost bloodless conquest of Ilaillaad and Flanders

was to be anticipated from the supposed tivourab:a
disposition of tbe.inhabitants.

DIAL, AUG. 10.—Last sight, abut sews o'clock, a
" boat hel..ugiog to this place attired la the I)orras from of
" watch place 'be left on afetislay nowt. Themes
• ttatr, that at the time they came away, Flubbing bad hot
" :urreadercd ; that the bombardment custroued ; amid that
" a flag of truce had been vent towards the town, but re-
" turad on the rowney'sfiriag nt Men, slid killise It. horst
)1•11•Aft, At/D.lO.—A visas mine un ~hure this
" niorotag, from a Dutch whit t, whith left Canpeeir at
" four k )esterday afternoon, at which tune !lusting
" hod woe surrendered."

If it should prove to be true that
which was completely invested by the fall of Ran..
makins, on the 3d, had nut surrendered on the 9.h,
there can no longer be a doubt that the d►ldicul.
lies of the Expedition are greater than have been
apprehended. The forts with which the banks uf
the Scheldt are lined, we may be •well asiured,
will not be tamely yielded ; and although of their
successive capture we entertain not the math.*
doubt, their possession will be attended with the
loss of both time and men. At the entrance of
the River, on the left bank, is Furt St. Aiin,
and a little higher ►tp Fort Lies ; but as the river
k wide, they may perhaps be passed nithuut much
opposition. A little higher, on the right, Fort
.dotbeire, Fort Blaeugaren, and Fort Lille.
Above these Fort St. Janes, Fort Frederic:(.
Hear,. Still higher up, where the river begins
to narrow, Fart I'crle and Fort St. Miry on the
left bank, and Fort Philip itutnediately opposite.
Before Antwerp is reached, there are yet two
Forts on opposite sides of the river, Pierntattel and
Lobelia. Then comes Antwerp VA Itil its strung de.
fences, and poFribly an army equal in numbers to
that of the Expedition. It is impussible to suppose
that the several defences we have enumerated
on the right and left banks of the Scheldt (looking
aeon the river) can be cart ied without loss. The
defence of Flushing is a certain indication of what
may be cspeacd at every defensibk point—which
the acknotelalged skill and act►vity of the
enemy leave no hope of their neglect►ng.—
Admitting, however, that which is possible...
that all these formidable obstacles are neatly sur-
mounted by the skill and bravery of the British,
Antwerp cannot be tenable—Destruction, then, of
the ships in the S'•heldt, and the possession of oval.
ahead►, are the only results that can, in any event,
or under any circumstances, be cape, ti J. As to the
66 riggers" that accompany the Expedition, there
outlet be much hope of employment fur them :
we greatly mistake the character of those agaiii,t
whom we are contending, if they suffer the men
of war to fall untouched into uur hands—
and we greatly fear that this Expedition will,
in its result, finally disappoint the People of Eug.
land, in a degree even paramount to the sanguine
expectation of success With which they have been
Hatter:3l.

SOTWITHSTA N NG the splendid prospects with
which the Public hare been amused respecting the
deliverance of Spain---every arriv il tends more
strongly to confirm our apprehensions and opinion
that the power of Narny.cum must eventually pre-
vail in the Peninsula. The base flight at the battle
of Belchite was not calculatedro raise our expects.
lions ; but when we hind CvLsTA, the c„,.„„,,,,tter
of an army, prelcodia; to be fighting fur free.
su deeply i ninerstiLl in the depths of piper-
stition as to staler his deference to a Saint
to suspend the operations of du:Jai-my...our ex.
peetations of successful re,,istance by the efforts
of the Spaniards rani*h. The British army in
Spain is now hastening to pree6ely the same ;idiot
of embarrassment in which that of Sir Juui
Moons was lIITUI fell ; fur if reinforcements
from France enter Simi/J.—nothing is left fur Sir
A.W LI.LLSLEY but retreat —.Mc llrilish army is
not of strength sujirient to ioroted itse(i. Of this
Ministers aro b 0 well aware, (flat already are Meir
Prints beginning to prepare the public mind....
To play the gains* second time precisely on the
same principle with that by sshich toey lost the
first, is a species of infatuation, of which even
the vigour of the present Administration could
nut have been suspected! Such, flowerers is the la.
'Rentable truth ; and it will at toughs be decuvered,
even by the credulous adherent) anti supporters of
the present men and measures, that, with the
mightiest means, they have effected nothings
which could ;n any one respect contribute to the
deliverance of Europe.

Parliament was yesterday prorogued by Co*. .
mission in the usual form, till 7'hurailay ttAr
211th of September next. The Commissioners were,
the Luuu CiIASCELLnit, the Eat !s of W E4140k
LAND and Lis r Krum.. The Commoners w• -
represented by Mr. LEY, jun. and th
fl
the House. Wiwtrs

Yesterday morn:44 4lotitets teceive4 dispateltel
from the 11.111;16.
Joni 4n.tats bee been nomiliated by the
rovoibanT of the United States 44. Ambits...dor to
the court of St. Petersburg h! Nis appointinFPl
has been confirmed 17 the StgOalv.
Letters from ljuilgoili altltet that B0:91?4111tf
otsued a 4..errt, itl which it is declared! met
the Americans citsisent to th.: right of yearch p
neutral, claimod by England! tig A mertrati *kip
Hill im imriplited ft, color Use it?rlf of France.
the tr94jl tins, ;II Ailiciialftrarq
V3id, hal l?..pa

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Pt.vitonrw, Awe. 9.—Sailed bis Majesty's Schooner
Pickle, wilh a noway to the eastward.

Armed the Apollo, Thomas Carey, Master, from Oporto,
(ten davit pkwinge) with wine and cork ; the Industry, of
Gterrnev. John Crosby, front Cork, with provisions.
Pet back yesterday, and sailed again to•d.ty, the Princes.
Charlotte frigate.

Nhoctra, Avon, 10.—Sir William Curtis's yacht h
sou pasAog through towards the River.

DE 411., AUG. —Ta the Downs this day his Majesty's
ship Unworn, Admits' ; thr American ships Arne,
Pekin, and Thomas Nome ; mid the AlllCriCag brigs Flora
and S)lph.
Four I'. M. A ship, apparently a two-decker, is vow
coming ha() the Downs, said to have the sick d wounded
on board from the Isle of Walcheren, but mod learn her
awe.

The following is said to be a correct statement
of the armies under Generals CUKSTA and Wax.
Lange : With the former 45,000, computed in-
fantry, 7000 cavalry. With the latter, 25,240
infantry, 3,365 cavalry.
It has been stated that General CURS? A refused
to agree 'ID Sit ARTHUR IV ELLFSLEY'S proposal to
fight the French on the 23d ultimo, because that
day wag Senday ; or rather, in fact, because it
was a Saint's Dry. To violate a Saint's day is a
terrible thing in Spain ; but all the Saints in the
Calendar would not have induced Vicroa to sus-
pend his retreat for a day.
The Marqnis de la RODIANA has proposed to
re-organize and re-establish the Irish brigades of
Spain on their ancient honourable footing, and
has offered to Colonel CARSOL the command of
the principal regiment, that of Ilibernia. This
offer is, of course, as well as the acceptance of.it
by Colonel CASIOL, subject to the pleasure of
his Majesty's Government ; Captain STON IR, who
came passenger in the 4rethu,a, and brought the
dispatches from the Marquis, is of the regiment of
Ilibernia, and is instructed to request the sanction
of his Majesty's Ministers to the measure.
A private letter from Lisbon says—" With re.
spect to the manners of the Portuguese, I think,'
as I have always dune, that they are extremely
slow and easy, and that they waste more powder
in honour of their Saints, than they use in de. I
fence of their Country. I fear they arc somewhat
like what I onc.• heard of one of our own eosin-
trymen, who, heartening up his men on board of a
privateer, said—
., Gone ova, my boys. awl let's be amt. Mod--
•' You go before. and t will COIIIIC behind."

His Nlajosty's sloop Helena, Captain Aram!,
*sited from the Cove of Girt, on the Ist of Au.
irst, for Lisbon, with fifteen transports under
convoy, containing s.ipplies of horse artillery,
draft artillery hori•es, and ordnance and camp
',totes, for the British army under Sir ARTHUR
WI:I.LEST.I T.
I The Atlas, Admiral Pestrts, was fitted up on
the evening of the Aid tilt. and converted into
magnificent apartments, for a ball and supper to
the ladies of Cadiz. The entertainment is said to
have cost at least two thousand dollars!
A Messenger arrived at Deal, at oat: o'clock ill
the morning, with dispatches from Lord CAsiMg.
?Mum for the Earl of CHATHAM. The Messenger
writs immediately put on board the Ida: (Ist) hired
hotter, which got under weigh, and proceeded to
Fleshing.
The Austrian official account of the battle of
IVagram, is stated, in articles from Dresden, to be
conformable, in the most essential points, with the
French Bulletins. It concludes thus: " The
Austrian army has sustained avast loss. It is de-
prived, by the death of General No imams, of an
officer of the must distinguished merit. No hopes
are entertained of the recovery of Generals Vac-
s.% v, D'Aseas, and VUHASSOTICH. Among the
.Generals leis dangerously wounded are the Prince
of IIItsst.IIIOHROURG, Generals STUTTlaffalm and
Rine, and his Imperial Highness the Archduke
t.:tranr.es, who with the Prince of Ltenvensvatn,
received musket wounds, which will not, how.
ever, be attended •with any serious consequences."
Some English 'ladies, who had been detained
prisoners in France, arrived in town yeterdsy
morning, anil.it is blieved that BONAPARTR has
Issued a decree for the release of female prisoners,
and of all children, wet above 12 years of age.
The Escort etts-bsig bad a narrow escape whilst
on her last cruise : four gnn.brigs and a cutter
pursued her off Cape Frehel, and, having the ad-
vantage of the wind, wvald inevitably have come
up with her if they had persisted in the chace, from
-which they were deterred by a manoeuvre of Lieu-
tenant Cactsaia, our Commander, who finding
escape otherwise impossible, and knowing resistance
to so superior a force would he of na avail, lie be-
gan to make signals, and fired a bow gun, as if to
some ships is the (sang; on perceiving this, the
Frenchmen tacked, and matte all sail off.
The following is an extract of a letter received
yesterday, dated on board the Lady Lushington,
elf Madeira, the 198 s Silly, 18091
" In the possible event of your not hearing
of the arrival of our fleet at this place, I scrib-
ble a hasty line to inform you, that we have
reached this in perfect safety, having come across
•the bay with delightful weather. The whole of
the passengers on board this ship are in perfect
iheaith, and I have not heard of any casualty in
the fleet. The Loire has made the signal for the
Lashißgton, Sir William Pulteneg, William
Pitt, and Sarah christiana, to proceed on the
voyage."
A letter from Stockholm of the 21st ult. says,
Baron A lILRISPARRE Is setting out with the
'^rn Artily against Norway. The King of
*est. g on being informed of the Prince of
ter.ssit t 'lva° baying been appointed Caown
AUGUSTVO..
tocgeSSOr 10 the Swedish Throne, has
PatNcr *ski►
~oral to command the army in
alit another Ch.
Norway i•istead of .th° Prince."
An Irish chairman *Cs backed yesterday even-
celebrity in the sport_
gentleman arson's:,
% eight to the distance
ing %odd, to throw a Puma
of 60 yards in the Park, for the bum of 20 guineas.
Ile pitched it 60 yardt and a fattr, and copse-
quLatly won nis wager.
