THE STATESMAN.

NINO'S THEATRE.

TUS FUNDS"
--de.--
STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK. A new Comic Opera in two acts, entitled Lis Centre*.
The Funds continued to mend on Saturday after- Wes 'was Oa Saturday MIAS& produced The story
noon, and ,were quoted as high as 691 for this Ae. It a alight alteration .feees the polar nursery'tale of
lase same name, awl is, as usual, merely a vehicle for
count, bait a great speculator having over-bought him- i the display of musical powers. Rossini is the ems-
self, sold to a very large amount ; the consequence was,' poser ; and if we had never listened to the et:Nelms et
Consols declined to 691, at which price they left off.— de hislig genhtiuwshi bfore, we should
as be most ready, from the I
ceh
this Opera h afforded us, to acquiesce
This morning their opened at that price, and have declined .in the distinguished appellation which his country;
0} sellers, which is now about the price, the market norm have bestowed oo him—" The Italics Mazast.
looking rather heavy. Any further fluctuations must The music of La Ceiserentula possesses a greater di-
depend upon which is the strongest party ; for, as we I versity of character than any other of Rosstmi s works ;
and the consummate felicity with which the fire of full
mentioned on Saturday, the Funds cannot rise, unless harmony, and the chasteneil glow of softest melody are
the Dells take their Stock. Money continues exceed-! blended, outstrip,
the widest range of the imagine-
ingly plentiful, the continuation till neat account being ! tion. The Overture itself would confer a lasting fame
again only i per cent, which does not pay much above upon the name of its composer. The opening is a
3er cent. interest. I majestic solemn movement, interspersed with occasional
p brilliant passages, by the contrasted beauties of whirls
the most exquisite effect is produced. Perhaps it is le
* I
the " full tide of harmony" that itossiNi is most evi-
-1 deutly inferior to the 'immortal character to whom he has
been likened. The noise of the lousiest orchestra that eves`
asseiubled, could never destroy the " sweet accordance" in
tie music of the latter; in the former, we sometimes meet
with a little confusion in the full movements. Of course,
when we point out this as the " most evident" Wed-
ority, we except the peculiarity of blowier's style,
which no composer, ancient or modern, has ever ap-
proached.
ROSSINI'S style is decidedly of the Italian school, and
I not remarkable for its superiority to many other lianas
11 toasters; but, although the foundation is the same, yet
the materials with which the fabric is constructed area
intrinsically rich, that he more frequently attains the
sublime than his competitors rise above the course of
mediocrity. The Opera was cast as follows :
Dew Ramiro
Deseliai • Signor PLACCI•
DON Nagai/co
Alidoro Signor Houten,
AltildiNd 'under the name of
S Cinderella t Madame BELOCCIII.
eforiadu -------Signora Moat,
Thisbe Madame °AVMs
The name of Signor Timm, it will he seen, is acs ad-
dition to the company. So is it, in reality, an important
acquisition. He possesses a soft but exceedingly rich
and flexible tenor voice, and taste and brilliant execu-
tion in abundance. From want of sufficient power, leis
recitative is sometimes ineffective; but the success of his
first air—" Perter voglio e tarsi° its mato," called forth
the admiration and applause of the whole house.
In another, a most charming composition, " Fre
Santa avoseie e palpiti," he was deservedly encored;
and, as if inspired by the approbation of the audience,
went through his task (and tl.•• by no means an easy
one). a second time with even greater spirit and effect
' • first. In addition to a commanding figure,
sd expressive countenance. Vl'e have
' Madame RELOCCUI to be most sue-
music ; and the correctness of our
iy established by her singing in this
the talents of this lady are generally
few were prepared to give her credit
t displayed on Saturday. Her execu-
air " Narqwe atr alferao," left no-
Tbe acting of Assaauilavvi and
the singing of the latter, receised
applause, anal the Opera went off with
Ilse house was meet slegantly and

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

DEAL, JAN. 9.—Arrived, and remain in the Downs,
the Industry, Pettigrew, for Cardiff.
PORTS, OUTH. JAN. 9.—Sailed yesterday his Majesty's
schooner Grecian, on a cruise; and to-day the Alfred,
Wilkinson, for Calcutta.
Cowes, JAN. 9.—Sailed the Dorothea, Foster, bound
for Barbadoes, having on board Major-General Maio-
wiring, his lady, and suite.
Ptmootrzw, JAN. 9.—Arrived the Laurel, Spink ; and
Charente, Robertson, from Charente, for London ; and
rnion, De Gruchy, from Alicant, for Jersey.
Poot.z, JAN. 9.—The William and Elizabeth, Swan,
from London to this port, in making the harbour on
Friday last, stranded on the sands, west of the channel,
having previously lost her boom and gaft, and parted
her cable.—The cargo .and vessel are expected to be
saved.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 9.—Sailed the Faith, Church, for
Madeira and Nevis; John, Popplewell, for Madeira and
Jamaica ; Maids, Tregear, for Sierra Leone ; Importer,
transport, for the ('ape of Good Hope; and Manton,
Banfield, for St. Michael's.
MARGATE, JAN. 9.—The schooner William Rod Henry,
Southern, from London, for Flnshing, is on shore on
Westgate rock, with loss of anchor and caLle; the cargo
is now discharging.
HULL, JAN. 9.—The Isabella, Brady, from Miramlchi,
got on shore on the inner rocks, near Spurn, on Thurs-
day night. She is bilged, and full of water. The crew
baring

..—A Musical Drama, taken from the
of the Anti/very, is in rehearsal at Co-
Theatre. Jarring it fir rerrsent OftNosttet,
KNIRT, OrAi!tree; anal the principal
• by Duacerr, Miss STIIPMINII, and

misfortune
so much depend upon the power and influence of a
handful of men. This was the case with regard to
the establishing slavery in America;—so it was in
respect to employing savages in the American war
—as also making use of blood-hounds in the
Maroone war. Hut the wretches are all gone to
their account: 'Cis hoped no more such will appear
on the face of the earth, in the shape of human

before had occasion to notice an inter-
esting work entitled, " Barrow's ladvetry," and we
cannot du a greater service to those who have the super-
intendence of the rising generation, than by again re-
commending it to their notice.
We are requested by Mr. Barnum, the Secre-
tary of the Eagle Insurance Company, to state for the
security of such of their Friends as have omitted to re•
new their Christmas Policies, that it is necessary the
same should be attended to forthwith, which may be
done by application at either of their Offices in Corn.
hill, or the Haymarket, where Annuities are granted and
purchased, and every description of Fire and Life In-
surance effected on equitable teens.—N. B. Allowance
for rent of premises destroyed by fire as heretofore.
The present winter is the coldest we have had
am !NU. The Clyde forms one sheet of ice as far
deem as Dunghills. and is covered with broken ice to
Parklee, a little above Port Maslow. Loaded carts
have paned for some days at Renfrew, and foot passen-
gers at Erskine. On Saturday and Monday last, at
eight o'clock in the morning. tile thermometer at Free-
land-house, Erskine, stood at 7 deg.—(Glaagow Jews.)
In the course of the last six months have died.
five Admirals, seven Post-Captains, five Commanders.
twenty-one Lieutenants, eleven Masters, four Surgeons,
tem Assistant-Surgeons, sixteen Pursers.—There have
been promoted during that period, to the above ranks—
twenty-five Admirals, fourteen Post-Captainit, nineteen
Commanders, thirty-one Lieutenants, (no Master), three
Surgeons, one Assistant Surgeon, one Purser.
Monit.g.—A letter of Nov. 12, says, that the
sickness has abated. The population of Mobile last
io
s,prsielr did not exceed 100 souls, of whom it was sup-
SOO have died within four months past.
Naircarrut, JAN. 7.—Ahnat half-p..lst eight o'clock
last night, an unfortunate explosion took place in the
hovers of Messrs. Benjamin and John Slater, of Forth-
street, in this town, of gas, which had escaped from the
pipe in the foot-path : the front and bark of the two
houses were blown out. Benjamin's family consisted of
six sons and daughters, one of the girls was severely
burnt : she was going into a closet in the parlour, with a
light, which caused the blast. Mrs. B. Slater and a
lady visitor, with two of the family, were np stairs above
the parker at the time. The child was thrown from the
mother's inns; and the son and the visitor were thrown
on the door by the shock, and they got down stairs with
difficulty into the street. Mr. John Slater bad two
friends and three children spending the evening with
him at the time. He is sorely lamed • his wife has both
'her ankles nut; the visitor avid his wife were also lamed,
'sod their child is dead.
Eatorriow.—Yesterday morning Thomas Clapperten
se Judd were executed at the usual place at the
Oen
Lihberton's wyntl, pursuant to their sentence.
I* breaking and robbery at Roadmains.--4'bey
to be fully aware of the awful situation in
.2:10/ were placed. and attended to the devotions
with mask earnestness, and in which they were assisted
bv dm Rev. Dr. Inglis, and Mr. Reid, a Roman Catholic
pitost. After a very impressive prayer by Dr. Inglis,
and the necessary preparations had been adjusted, the
unfortenate culprits shook hands, and remained a short
time is fervent ejaculation. when Judd signifying that
he was really. Crown°a dropped a handkerchief and
`w were launchedinto eternity. They were both good
--inie men, seder 24 years of age.--(Eflia-

beings.
In The Morseing Herald of April 16, 1796, there
appeared the following paragraph, in the 4th co-
lumn of the 2d page:—
" It is a remarkable fact, that the only tranquil part
of Ireland, at the present moment, is the province of
Cooneught, which is decidedly the most wild and un-
enlightened quarter of the country. The ignorance of
the people may therefore be considered as their greatest
blessing, as it has prevented them from becoming ac-
quainted with the hateful principles of the masters
Rights of Mao."
The above quotation, from the cited journal, is
made to shew what obsequiousness will do. Its
then proprietor, the Rev. Mr. Bate, is now (eel-
rabik dicta) the Rev. Sir HENRY BATE DUDLEY,
Bart.—Here is encouragement for patriotism ! !
We feel ourselves called upon to notice the dis-
graceful and dangerous manner in which a Ministerial
paper of this city is condneted. It has repeatedly alluded
tit the irritated state of the public mind, and has, as re-
peatedly attempted to increase that irritation, by violent
above, and unjust issinnations. On several
we have contradicted its false statements, whils=
have appeared, to us, too gross even for notice. We,
however, haves letter now lying before as, which sakes
a paragraph is the Casette (the paper we allude to), of
Saturday last. That paragraph stated. thattallo, se-
vered with black cloth, and directed " O*s.
them, who will root it sees," bad been lately mad
against the front door of his Lordship's house ; sad
render the said paragrlph still more adieus, It INS
beaded with the words Radical Spite," and coachmisd
with itereowol allusion to " a political joiner." Now. to
be brief, our correspondent informs us that the wheb
was fel" and says," How such a report could otiginsto,
I am at a loss even to guess, as so circumstance what-
ever has occurred at his Lordship's mansion to give rise
to it." We can also add. that the condsetors of that
paper had the means of knowing that it was false, bat
still issued it to the public, as is their usual vistas,
in
order to gratify party rancour.—(fork Revolt)
We understand, Rom good authority, that Major-
General Macquarie's resignation of the tiovernasont of
New South Wales has been at last accepted, and that
Lieutenant-enteral Sir Thomas Brisbane. K. O. C. 8.,
has been appointed his successor.
On Saturday the dispatches were clued at the
East India House, and delivered to the Parsers of the
following ships, vin.:—Asia, Captain T. F. Balderston;
Astell, Captain F. Cresswell • and Castle Heady. Cap-
tain H. A. DrIIIIMSOIII4. for 11;tigal and Chin.
The Duke of Sussex, Lord Erskime, and ISTOral
distinguished persons from London. are to be present at
the celebration of Mr. Fees birth-day. in St. Andrew's
Hall, at Norwich. The party will piss die meeediag
week with Mr, Coke. at Holkhuns, and afterwards visit
the Earl of Albemarle, at Qaiddeabam Hater, far a
few days.

are saved; hot the vessel (althoagh very strong, bating than in the first. In
been one of the discovery ships) is expected to become a he has a fine and e
wreck. The cargo it is will be saved. always considered 11
Sautastas, Jaw. 9.--4Vd wileie•ef yesterday and to emeriti in KossiNes I
day it has blown aremE. to N. E. A opinion will he fully
schooner Las bees iard Sand, hut
. ,
Opera. High as tin
got off, and p IlteloW. A bark after- ranked, we believe fe
wards got oa Lt Mein off by several for the abilities As 4
smacks, sad It is here- when she tine of the sweet a
grounded at das will wait till next thing to be wished.
tide. Piacci, as well u tl
their dee share of
_ii
SLAVERY.--. • - --W ad - .mplete taut. TI
• spirit against onerously tilled.
; at ..... a
America. , .4, ,
it ON eV . . •
1
Mr. Arm', letter . '
- .
our unheippy country ' under from WI detestable Welt DRAMA.--
aPPeabrium leepular novel of th
zi:trirden 'Meat?
tooLuary ; nil
stain ; the remembrance of the sin, r, we " : , ~ .
snows. characters
trust, will die with the fruits of it. It is h great vim Tem
misfortune that the character of a country should We have before
. . -
