0

..

I

THE S'rATESN

.N.

FRENGII P4PE
•
•
rRusiTIERs:O7 AUSTRIA, Nov. 16.--Prussia is in
roust:lnt activity to le Wain augmentations of terri-
tory ou all ipoints of Germany—every day she sets
forth new pretensions and new claims. if all these'
demands were admitted, thii Power would become,
by its territorial, force, the supreme arbiter of all the
Gerctin States. But since the commencement of this
Pound, the other Powers have felt that the dominions
a Prussia could nut be extended-in such .etoundless
manner with any regard to the equilibrium which
they wish to establish In Errteper.
Prince Teileyrend, whose great talents and pro-
found and liberal views have given him an influettce
flour which the most Battering hopes may he drawn,.
is the soul of the opposition to the ptaus of Prussia
for aggrandisement. That Nl•inister is strongly sup-
ported by Atistri4, Spnin, Bavaria, and.Wirtelfiberg,
and even by England and Hanover, Who appear .to
vtish that Sanotty should remain independent. Much
h said at Vienna about some declarations upon this
subject, which are'etipeeted speedily to appear ;• and
s report is circulated, that if the independence of
Saxony is determined upon the Crown will be given
to Prince Anthony, uncle to the Emperor of Austria,
and brother to•the present Rine.
• The discus4orts upon the subject of Poland have
been most lively. It is said that Austria, • end for
rimy reasons England, haves contended With energy
for the intlepeetlence of that kingdom7-not a no-
mittal,-but i real and solid. independence ;.eisd, for;
that purtose, that a King should be chosen, selected
from one of the Gest families in Poland. It is even
toped that the justice of the.Enaperor Alexanderaill
lead to acquiesce in that arrangement.
,• Paw's, Nov: 26.--A Royal Ordinance permits
the importation into Fleece of horses from England,
conformably with the law of the 16th of April,-1793.
Our Government has taken severe measures for
*repressing the smuggling which was tattled on on the
frontiers of Flanders. ,
A very recent decision of the Assiie Court of Ver-
sailles furnishes an inexhaustible, and at the same
time dreadful source of refection on the uncertainty
anti instability of human decisions. Julie Jacqucnin,
.who, last sikkrig, Was declared guilty of an attempt
to poison the Countess de Normont, and condemned
'ter death he capital,.has been declared innocent,
and set at liberty at Versailles, only four leagues
from Paris !

liacs DAT t-111; liglay at IL l'ablic• ()Jim.

-TH-E STATESMAN.

LONDON:
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1814.

. It is said that .the King•of Saxony has steadily re-
the soonest.
jetted two propositions which have been made to , •
him at different times: therntle.avas to aceept, as an The Austrian. *Mary. force was never on so
.inderuility, the ci-devant Legations of Bologna and I formidable a footing as now; it was scarcely so nts-
Ferrara ; the other to receive the Duchy of Warsaw, merous in 1800, yet it is expected, that a general and
with the title of Grand Duke. numerous body of recruits will be made shortly.
. A fitter from Porto Ferrol°, in the Isle of Elba,
VIENNA, Nov. 15.—The principal affairs ad-
of the -41 h of November, states, that " since the end
vance rather slowl
of September most of the buildings for the improve- y. Several objects of delibere-
went 6,1-
te's castle have been suspended.— tine have lately became more complicated. France,
is not 1:o.1 only circumstance which induces an i Bavaria, and another German State, (save, it is said,
opinion, that the. slay of this famous .personage in lately protested against a measure which was cousi-
this island will not long. Several cases, contain- 1 dered as settled.
v:dea;)le, articles from France, have not been
Since a ahem time some collisions have arisen
opened. The exchange of couriers between Vietitia
-and Vert.* is vei v frectueot. The tliverce of whiichr indeed, amenksuch various interests of no-
Maria fAitisa is sii27nsrd ta.be the subiect. Napo- 4 merous States could trot be otherwise, but without
'eon tlis,ploys externally exPat good humour, cum- in the smallest degree disturbing the harmony that
Vete oll; vigil of site pact, and perfect tranquillity Its ' rei,ri!s at the Congress. .
to future:the, bet you aie aware how well he knows '
Numerous books are in circulation here without
how to th.,,eothie, The sate ceremonial is kept up
any obstruction, that relate to the affairs of Ger-
lit the little c:stli?. et Pert° Ferrajo as was at the ;
Thuilit•ti s. Nobody untlerstaeds the reason of the " many) which is the more remarkable, as our Go-
continual cruising of Faiglish ships of wnr off the Isle vernmettt was formerly very cautious- and strict about
of Elba : they permit our vessels, however, to pass , Locks on political subjects ; there is one written
and repass. The '^of r'itia is °lie of those most r with muck energy, that is generally read, while it is
nip eted by the Barbary PoWers, the natural allies
r• p ()bilked in the neighbouring States. Numerous
of Bonaparte. Melly foreign vessels avail them- !
selves of it. Every thing hero is excessively dear." couriers pass between Vienna and Paris. All the
! French in the service of the Arch-duchess Maria
Louisa, are now returning to France.
CO AGEN, Nov. • 19.—News is come from
Odensee, that the Landgraie Prince Christian of
Ilesse,- brother of her Majesty the Queen, died there
on the I-Ith instant, in the 38th year of his age.—
The theatres are shut for some days, and the Court
goes into mewing for eight months, from the 20th
instant.

ctiAmimn OF DEPOTILS, Nov. 25.
The Chamber was again employed in discussing the
Taw of customq, and particularly the salt-tax.
'[he Reporter of- the. Committee pi!rsisted in sup-
porting its recommendation that the salt-tax should
be reduced to three decimes in 1815. The main-
tenance of the tax at its present rate was the only
means of completing the 1.)0 millions to be raised by
indirect taxes.

M. CAZKM %VE and others demanded the reduction
of the tax to two decimes.

LEieztc, *Nov. 15.—The Prussian Authorities.
have now taken possession of the whole kingdom.
It is reported that after the Congress is ended, our
university will be removed to Dresden.

—...—..--
This was oppos,sd by others, among; whom M.
riouctr Aun said, even were it true that the increase of
the tax on salt should diminish the use of it, whit
would be the inconcenionce? The immoderate use of
salt was pernicious to the poor.
It was finally resolved, that up to the Ist of Janu-
ary, 1815, the duty on salt should he four declines
per kilogram : 'and that after that period it should be
reduced to ihree'decimes.
Another discussion took place upon the 34th and
last sect:on of the law, proposing to allow, the King a
right to prohibt certain articles of foreign fabric, or
to increase the duties on their import ; to diminish
the chiles on raw materials far manufactures; and to
permit or suspend, according to circumstances, the
iiaportation and
.exportation of certain articles nut
sulje..f to any restraint by law.
After some considerable dcliale, in the course of
which Al. Fla uzergues and others caressed great jea-
lousy of allot:log the Esci•utive such a power, the
further discussion was postponed.

Though NAPOLEON has ceased to reign, ambition
survives his fall—it rages with as ungovernable vio-
lence in the breasts of the jealous Confederacy now
met at Vienna, as ever it
,did iu his who has broke
the world's repose so long, and who is new an
humble dweller among the rocks of Elba. LA those,
however, who imagine the world yet a child, that
will trembltngly take- its- teisen from the red of
power, beware, lest that world, equally jealous of
its power and its rights, should discover the hollow-1
ness of the pretensions to an observance of human
right and national justice, which obtained for the
confederated enemies of NAPOLEON the ready sup-
port of so many millions ; let them learn from the
awful example which they have beheld, that lawless
ambition is its first and greatest foel_as it leagues'
against It the wrath of Heaven and the wishes of
men. Apostacy, however shameless and utiblush..
ing, if it is powerful, will never want defenders;
but in spite of all the splendid coverings it can put
on, in spite of all its apologists, and all its shifts,
exectes, and protestations, when the deliverer turns
despoiler, see what a splendid ruin of moral prin-
ciple, of hope, of justice, of mercy-giving power,
is exhibited to the world—the hand of the searcher,
the trier of hearts, soon unmasks the latent defor-
mity, and he who would be the presiding spirit of
the world, "withers into insignificance. Though
there are men, eager to offer their services to varnish
over the most outrageous immorality, and the most
flagrant violations of human right, sad sill sochoots
as Would become a Trisouz, wocossary.oritogoos&
mous) we rejoice to see- that the ealielleet steelleols.

,Saturday, about mid-day, as a geutleuran,sf Glou-
cester we; returning home from stow, he was stopped
by three footpads on Hailing Down, who demanded
his money, at the s: time informing him, if he made
no resistance ft was not their intention to injure him.
lie accordingly gave them his loose cash amounting
to a few shillings in silver, together with his pocket-
book ; the latter, however, they immediately returned,
en ascertaining that it contained nothing but me-
morandums. One of the robbers had the appearance
of a soldier, part of a military uniform appearing
under his smock frock.

Duet. PRVVENTED.—Friday, in consequence of
ad4ate arising from certain family disclosures im-
properly introduced into the new Publication, enti.
tied The Saxon and the Gael, a meeting took place
between Mr. S. and Mr. C., near White Conduit-
house, but by the timely interference of the seconds,
who obtained a promise that the obnoxious passages
should he expunged) the matter was amicably ad.
jut:ed.

4~~
~.

r~•.
.~.

"..4-141u_ .td

Arr. *Mails. "" tion of set* rk spirit in a British House of .Parliae
'.. Cc ?
0 .....:44......:, .-3. ton .
0•• llolland : „. . 1.6. went hob'
et unced as it deserves ;'atid dila
1 ,e.,..11,......n...• 1141!!ibetsh ..•:-)8Z-- •• 't " '',ate aiiirt•, ' •convinced 'Ministert that the
t)1,:-....•-er . ... ~....1. i.a. , ... .;0 V.. ••0.0 0 et 1 '.,
, . j . .4
..
spiriF ores rlo,,tuktiosi will not, for a moment,
bretA.lttar aim of Its bring made to lend its counts-
--""-f--"! nance or support to acts of aggression against the
• independence. and Bre rillitli of other countries,
though. se hue not been pledged to defend them ;
• may, although theyniay have been.of the number of
our enemies. We trust, that if any schemes ca. tculated
to invoira-dreiLaritain in the ignominy of the Conti.
nental spolistiona now &wing onit they will be
A llamburgh Mail is arrived. lt brings some in- lifruitiated lisi thelnauty- declarations made by the in.-
telligence from Vienna, but it is not of alater date ;Idependent Representatives of the• British people, be.
than what has been furnished by previous arrivals. !fore whom the Colleagues of the man who gave up ,
The stay of the foreign Sovereigns is expected to beithe population of Africa to slavery, and has ap.
prolonged till the eod of January, a proof that the parenily pledged his country to guarantee thede-
adjustment of affairs advances but slowly. It is re- i 'traction of the independence and liberties of the
peated that. France, Bavaria, and another Ger- Saxon nation, have, like the. negociator who has so
man State (Wirtemburgh, probably, for Prince , miserably disappointed the hopes and wishes of his LOSSES AS-f) itti4
flreNtrr's Note will not allow us to suppose it ' countrymen, shrunk into• the appearance- of guilty , Ellen,iheoffst. v inDcoeirtia.l64;lcnini
it
cans either be Austria or ilanover), have pro- things, and taken refuge in. ignorance doubly (Hs. sunk
. The Constantitii:Vitftiee
tested against' the measure of annexing Saxony : graceful. The bold Saxons, .whose history is so in-1
• tersbuigh i7llr octeber' Ile'.
to PCUSSIT. That collisions have arisen is certain : and i timately connected with our own, Who have been in . rock near Bioilio Sound
' chars awl cables, 'and tl: on
re
it is evident that arms are considered necessary to every struggle for power on the . Continent the firm
the carrying into effect the arrang,ements 'meditated: i Merida of England, who have hitherto held the ha.: board. •
Ausfril is tiling great efforts to recruit her'military lance of power between France and the other power- I The Ilit or Nish Bushel
force, Gad if there are any more Secret Conventions.' ful States, and who bled at Leipsic for the freellon't 2" lust.
I The St. Peter:burgh
bask t A.rthaitgel leak'',
of the same nature as.that whick.has made Prussia of which they have been deprived, have been weakly !
_The °Coiltarincs„ ' Forbes'
such a formidable Power, yet to be ethibited. to the !given up to a Power who had certainly as littleclaim 1
wondering eyes of nations,—if Austria, in her turn, !to their country as NaroLtorr at Archangel, having beeu ;`•and othersacrifices,of ;
means to swallow up the other States of Germany I the rights of States, and the fend hopes of natiorts,nrust I there.
. . . • • ‘.
and Italy, more collisions may be expected. The ibe made as a counterpoise. Thus• is one fatal step .
I • .. .. ' • . m INORrry.
following are extracts from the Papers brought by the cause of many, and of endless misery ,te the hu.. oe VIE YOTION or stri SAMORI. ROVIII.I.T oa raessi'
the Mail : , 1 man race. 'What most provokes indignation' and M
i' • .TECT Or T 115; lUTIA LAWS. .. '1
1 arcing. .Alrx. • Margin. It PYRII F. 1
VIENNA, Nov. 10.—We hear that the apartments, : contempt; is•to find these spoliations, now carrying !,nrv.efr S.
1 iotio immt.t,lo., J. Gm Saidannre, 10 •
&e. which were taken by oar Court for the suites of iinto 'effect, . the result of Conventions apparently Hlagit'timbreltid. i;li. I:ientt, Sr A. envitti, J.
1 k, t.t.., Geo. Cocks. J.l. :.
the foreign Sovereigns tillctbe cad of November, are I agreed upon longno, and in direct violation of the ,'Tierney G. 6.e.avii, Pascoe Catena 1.
. • 1 Cron, J. P. lurch, Jos-
by a fresh contract engaged till the.ead of Jinuary.il Treaty, by which the partitionfsts stipulated the ! }bum., w. lemsood:lisl:ctleir.
R. .
itHsEiiikiimtratiTtabt. liksi'
Wilrr, Gro.
A numerous body of recruits has been ordered in the combined erepleYmentof.all their 'means to obtain ' Preto.", R.
Neal ore, air J. Caven.:6,l). Ld. G.
kingdom of Bavaria. for. themselves 'II ad their Allies " a peace, under Leo ii. P. Flnvorr; F.
Nov. 14.—Persons who are well'informed believe which the rights and liberties Of all the nations -I.yrr.eetron„ W. Abercrombi, IF. J. Milian. 'Lod ' •
'WI 3., J. Guide. Sir W. B. N0a:971-Aaas
that no decision in the most important affairs befOre `of Europe should be re-established." The Procta-
the
Congress can be expected before the new year at I mation of •Prince Arteurm soya, the supreme Admi-

NAVAL INTE

DEAL,•No►.29.—Came down
sloop of war, and remains !taboo'
port, bound to Purtsronuth:—Pu(
Orpheus, for the Cave I and the
and several others—particular a,

nistration of the Kingdom of Saxony haa been .placed
in the-hands of the Kink of Pntitst,t, and his de-
scendants, by, virtue of a solemn and fornial Con-
vention, to which Austria rind
_England have ac-
cetled,• and the country has been delivered over ac-
cordingly. Ministers are not so hardy as to own
-thls, but there is no doubting the fact. Their. faith-
ful mouth-piece, however, upon all occasions when
they-themselves are ashamed to speak in defence of
tenets iltich appear to form a lending part of their
belief, boldly avOws the lawfulness of the horrid (loc.
trine of national partition and the subversion.of all in-
-1 -
divides! right as a thing of necessity, because forceand
power demandlt. The Courier of last night, with
1 a simile -perfectly adapted to the barbarity of the
act, justifies the annexe.tion of Saxony to Prussia,
1.
and Poland to Russia, by saying " the rights of
some Powers must be taken away in order that the
Itights of. others .may not be destroyed," and that
.44 the limb Must be cut off to save the rest of the
body." -.Tbiti doctrine of dismeniberment may hem&
tojustify any thing, and murder, in such it view, of the
case Will become lawful, .because it may be supposed
necessary. Why, at this rate; is France allowed to
esist a separate Power? Why does any one of the
rival Powers of the Continent allow his neighbour to
live a -moment? Were the glowing wishes of the
Courier for the emancipation of the
,territories in-
vadidiand nppiessed by BONAPARTE expressed, that
these ill-fated countries should be blotted " unwept,
withoet a crime" from the list of nations ? If these
were the drift of the Courier's wishes, they were as
diabolical as the doctrine it is now preaching, and
NAPOLEON/ BONAPARTE stands excused for all the
i enormities he may have committed.

PORTIMbUTEI. Nor. 29.—Not
His Majesty's ship Pickle, that
Helen's ROMs with hrr comfit",
to harbour SinjealPs shipiA

FALMOUTH, Nov. 37.4—Sailed.
boa ; and the Princess Charlotte
both with Mails. ,
' }UR NOV. 29.-.-Arrised
land packets, with Malls and pattie
So UT 11 1:141h011t. Nov. .49.-4-+
Master, from Lood9n to 11.1sTe.
lint otlfiliavre% nit. ea S..stir,inr
drowned : tviti:Frenchatets whet
the I'ier, ?nn their Weis, oat
cinch injured in their coulenemtrd.lo

Hilt Grace the Doke of IVELLiNGTov is now said
to !Hive changed his mind, and determined upon a
longer continuance ut Paris.; .

Intelligence from the IL; vannlit states, that the Go.
rertio'r refused to illuminate hooour of FERDINAND,
as.the sanction of hii NlajesFv trod not been given to
the new Constitution. AtTilc•ttion had been made
to devote the Theatre to to tr.a,c,noii.ent hall and
banquet, out of respect to the young King, hut these
hitstivities were suspended by public order, from the
•
same motives.

Au Offictif of efitch,eNperienee; lately arrived from
Brussels, reports, that the state of the numerous
fortresses in the Netherlands, has become a subject
of the highest et sideralion ; the: difficulty of m:tin-
taining a form sufficient to garrigan them is new ap.
parent, and it will be inipracticableto place them in
a condition of efficient repair in any given time, even
if the enormous sums necessary fur the porposecotild
be raised. The Dutch are not disposed, or not able,
to furnish men or money, and the Belgians themselves
are decidedly adverse to any measure, which has a
tendency to separate their country from France.
It is stated that the average price of 3 per Cent.
Consols fur the last hundred years (peace and war
I:minded) is 68.
It Is worthy of remark,- that to this day the stamp
La 64 the Official Paper" in .France, namely,, the
Afoniteur, bean the Imperial Eagle of NAPOLEON.

The wbote interior
.of the Opera-ilonte it alai'
going a complete alteration; .the situation'
.:itage is to occupy that part of the theatttfi*
formed the lobby and gent bolas; the 4;44,4
trance is to be. from Pall,mells where *Al**
front is to he erected. *
Yesterday a Meeting of the- Magistrates row*
County of Middlesex took pface at the Setticti
House,• on Clerkestweil-green, is expectance sole
place of Treasurer of the County being &ela►eltr
cant, In consequence of the bankruptcy of Mr,
130tH.Tax NIAINWARINO, the Treasurer; tot
. having made it appear that all the money with
which he bpd been entrusted in his office of Treasure
was forthcoming, and that he wait prepared tapir
duce fresh securiti he was continued iu hisairt
of Treasurer.

Mr. SA DLED's BALLoOm.—Many t
tors. assembled on Thursday morning., tlutAiik
honsareleptal
Plymouth, to witness the assent of Mt. Sie*acii
his balloon: •owing to the violence of the 'viol foe
the south-west, the.uetting gotfoul of the manstiett,
in the centre of the citadel, and oite of the iron 411111'
is stated to have mitered the balloon, which Wed
the Bass to escape; avid the wind having increasetits
neatly a gale, it had such power, that the het*,
became much agttated, so that it was foumine.
possible to. hold on, and. it ascended without lb.
SADr.ER, The.balletan took a north-east direelilar
and alighted on Nrtrnoor.
The following extract of a letter gives sweep &
culars of the fate of Mr. SADLER'S Balloon:
" Bat bentrr, N0v.26.—1t having been aenclimed
that Mr. 'SAMAR intended to ascend from PlymN
in his Ilialinen on Thursday lest, we have rennin
believe that some misfortune has happened to hie„it
yesterday morning, about seven o'clock, the tort pot
of a very large air balloon was taken up in Lillis
Dowec, five miles from Bridpert, and is ntliViti.
possecion of J. STRONG, 'Esq. of Chilcomh.
" N. B. The part taken up measures forty
in eitcumference."
__

The Schap of Persia, in a letter to Sir G. Oaseley,
acknowledging the receipt of a t ritnsial ioh of the New
Testament, says, 46 For ninny years past the four gos-
peller:if Matthew, Mark, Luke, anti John, were known
In Persia ; but now. the whole of the New Testament
is completely traillited, which event lea sew source
of satisfaction fee 9100. enlightened mind. With the
grace of God the Merciful,, we will direct those of
oer eertnieto Who ere admitted into our presence, to
'read the vikt writings from bseginning to end before
as, that we retay ildett•te their sentiments reopectil
ale saws" •

• We understand that the principal brewer; mat,
terday fortnig:it, to consider the propriety of
dating the price of porter, *hen it %vac deterrol

to continue the present price, hut enciease tot
strength. The publicans received notice of this)*
terday.
The only clause in the late Hackney Coach Ad
which has operated as a cheque on the imptitiO.,
of the Gentlemen of the Whip, namely, that OP
obliges them to produce a ticket en paymeut oft*
fare, is to be repealed by the !31U now before Ps*
ment.

I'Enr`xr a A •../Iss4.—A groom to Nl:ij.•;•r
the name of Camting, completed a jeorary
miles a day fur four days, on Saturday lait,
wager of 100 guineas. lie started at Cle
gate at an eat by hour on ‘Vellnesday merlin
halted on Saturday at Warminster, Wilts,
circuitous route through Sussex end fla II:
The Government of Irdia, a few years 41
posed a heavy tat .on all letters and packets a
from England, because Ikea were not tuxcil itt
land, and which urrattgrineut was fiery semi
by the mercantile world at hotre, as welt' akin
on account of mutual cannection. Theta%
tinnes in India, and now.Goierument at
e,tablishing a clouts!. tax. on all fettersilsc, td
This is inflicting taxes with a vongeance.•
CORN EXCTIANGE, Nov. 30.—We had 's
supply of Wheat this morning; a large quantity
left unsold on Monday caused ter- dull sale IV
article; and Monday's prices with difficulty sr
ed.--Earley is rather cheaper.—White Peas
quarter dearer.-.-In Beaus, Oats, and other.
no .variation.
Wheat (English)
Ditto (Forilit) 45 76 Okrditto .... .
. 4Q Tie& do.
ley 26 $1" .
• Pleivr ditto' 32 43 010. ,.t.....
%Its
Peer ... 46 51 Pelerid do. ...•••-• •••
Nell ditto ..'.. Feed ditto ..... ;./*
Mitto-Selleni 54. e 2 i Flee .....
Grey Yeas •.•.• • • • 44' 47 I %Cod. -I',, ••"4

. P1“..1!.%;

. .. ,
. s',
.....e
.... 44 ,
die'lll'
gI/ L IGENCge : .'
11.•••.... ,:i ,
a from the River the P 644
tibound ; anti the Behilithit.
'at back by contrary ;oft al
he Welding; tlii. Sierra Leme,
oot known,
thing arrived or failed trist,.
sailed yestOrffkt; A issibisoi
bpood to Guernsey.-. 024,
; .
mural. ,
Like. Elizaheth•packttalau,
is
tepacilft,.loB..o42: ~..
I Ad }tray rriiii
vie liltolmn.,6?tte - - -
....iii, 0..„1, 'V el nal}, i1e.1,5
to, wirk sugar, &e. ism teto,
li&y, a/J(7000i let f 14N,44;
....
I wire no..stinginere nittra,l
It lievi:call E4llthalia .
6-141i•awe tkeite.iintif lc
..-
h.CRAT d- ' sn--.1..
„ , .• •.- ,
kit-
Iretogariintia to
Zit wed. :-_--.7 . ‘
it
!rt;l4; 'rpitt tnick )ii, •
baying stroettio&it i
onthe 104brinst tiri •
ass half of tilr alio ow.
!Li; caught fire at Antis,
bound to Loudon,
,"anaisintosrs shoo..
i, has discharged lierisie
t run foot of, and. Wei*
• •
IRITY. • - .
NOR/. ROMILI•T 01
MIGIIIA. LAWS.
H. hay*. F. i
4 J. Saidailbre, P 4
Sir A. Stahl', J. '
Geo. Cocks. J.,S. :
, palaue Catena. .1. v
Fos. • Himmeesley. at.
Peter Wilarr. Gra. '

'Afar.,
riry or •
1114, fel
the My+
ills, afiff .
. .
1.3 agog.
;els arri
cil is
serval,'
-
at
to'
had
anlity
sale fori,'
ty sopr.
Pea, -
liier
•
.......... :17
.....
'.'"•
...... .
••
_ '
