.. . . .
- -.-...,.:.... . ------ --- -- , -. -:••iin-- --- l.m.m.n•••
... ,
, :* .• - -
. • •
-.• ) AT, Ceti! r .
Alin ,i•
CtsVk Ctkl. kvt,,,,„ ~ :_ . . ~.. 4.• ,
(tAk‘Xt jk ,fitu,„,,,
* . 1
- C a
_, ..--_ 4 •xi ;
v • . ,
.. . • .. - -
r •
LONDON, THU RS D.A y, JULY 5, 1821.
_ . . . ..

EAST INDIA HOCSII, July 4, Weil.
THE Court of Directors of the flailed Company of
Meretimits of Eagiaed, trading to Os Reset bodies, eto
hereby gire Notice.
That a General Court of the said Company will be held at
their house in Leadenhall-street. on Tuesday, the 17th inst.,
(ruse eleven o'clock in the forenoon until six in the evening,
to ballot on the following question. viz.—
" That Sir James Home. Hart. late of the Madras Civil
Establishment, be permitted to return to the service adder
the provisions of the Act of the 33d Geo. 111. cap. M. sec.
70, the rank which he held when he quitted Madras. agree-
able to the Act of the 5341 Geo. 111. cap. 133. sec. 83."
In order to determine by such ballot whether three parts
In four of the Proprietors present at such General Court,
consent that Sir James Home be permitted to return with
the said rank to India.
JOsEPII DART, See.

THORP, MAYOR.
IN a MEETING or ASSEMBLY of the MAYOR,
I. ALDERMEN. and LIVERYMEN of the several Com-
panies of the City of London, in Common Connell assem-
bled in the Oulldhall of the said City, on Wednesday, the
4th Day of July. 1821,
Revolved unanimously—That the Thanks of Ala Common
Hall be given to Robert Waithman, Esquire, Alderman.
and James Williams. Esquire. Sheriffs of this City, for the
strict impartiality and gentlemanly condole evinced tiering
the Election of Sheriffs for the Year ensuing.
WOODTHORPE.

A Proprietor hoped that against the next Session "
Parliament the Board of Directors would take ma'

sures to have it repealed.
LIBERTY OF THE PRESS 11l INDIA.
Colonel STA:snore rose for the purpose of agitating
the cause of a hundred millions of his fellow subjects
in India—of agitating the question of a free press in
India. •He regretted that no person of more ability
than himself had brought forward the subject. It at.
firmed not only the inhabitants of our Indies dominions,
hut the surrounding nations, and millions of human
beings yet unborn. He must here, before be went
farther, protest against all prejudices, Indian or Ear
lish, as aberrations from right reason, particularly •
prejudice which would doom the people of Asia, of
Africa, half mankind to perpetual servitude. Never
would he believe that slavery was a divine ordination,
until he saw men born with hunches on their backs
like camels, and others with combs on their heads
like cocks, indicating that some were to work and
toil like beasts, while others were to strut and crow
over their fellow creatures. The Hon. Member then

EYTON, !;7043(-BROKER, 2, Cornhill, and 1.0111-
bard-street. cannot help feeling pleasure in announcing
hls Friends, the Public, one of the Orandest Schemes ever
:—Forty-eight Capital Prises !—including
\OM., 16,(1111.11.. &e. &c. &c.—Every
JR singly, each deciding its own fate.—No
and even if their Ticket or Share Is not drawn a
:eon the Ms July, (for it cannot be drawn a Blaidt,)
they may have nearly the whole of their purebase•money re-
Waned, provided they are brought back to t, Cornhill, be-
fore 17th July.
Schemes, with full partieulars, gratis.
N.B. All Rusinesv in the Public Feeds transacted with
Irlity and despatch.

entered at some length into the history of the press in
India, and contended that the country would be ma•
terially benditted by the diffusion of knowledge. The
censorship upon public writing was an innovation in
India, for it was contrary to the policy as well as to
the manners and laws of the Hiudoos. Now, witli
respect to public writing under our own government.
Warren Hastings was assailed by enemies %%Wive, awl

UNEQUALLED TR %YELLING TO DOVER. DE 11.,
RAMSGATE, MARGATE AND CANTERBURY.
Four Inside Coaches, and keep good Time,
By S. A. MOUNTAIN AND CO.
SARACEN'S HEAD lax, SIISNER-lITDEZT, SNOW-DILL,
LONDON.
THE following POST COACHES, MAIL
CO %CHES. &c. set out from the shove Inn :
The "Telerraph." Dover. Deal. Ramsgate, Margate,
Canterbury. ireiceraliam and Sandwich new post coach,
every morning. at a quarter past seven o'clock.
In consequence of the decided preference Risen to the
above eoarli, the proprietors are determined no experree
shall be spared to render it the first conveyance oil that road.
Brampton, Chatham, Rochester, Stroud. Sittingbourne,
and Itninham, every morning, at a quarter past seven.
Falmouth. Ph mouth. Exeter, Wes mouth, Dorchester.
Dartmouth. and Salisbury. every morning. at seven, throngli
iloniton. Axminster, Bridport, Blandford, Basingstoke, and
Itagshot.
The " Union," Southampton, Lymingion, Winchester,
and Basingstoke new four inside coach, every morning at
right ; arrives at the Coach and Horses. tiontliamplon. by
the. This is a moil delightful conveyance to the Isle of
Wight. Jersey, Guernsey, St. Malues, Ilavre de Grace,
Cherhurg, &e.
The proprietors of t:te above coach hope to receive a con-
tinuance of that support which has hitherto been experienced
sines the cointneucenient of the " Union." No racing with
other coaches.
Bath and Bristol ing post coaches, through Chlppen •
ham. Caine, and Marlborough. eery afternoon, at one ar-
rise at Mr. May's, the re hound Inn. Bath. and the Lon-
don Timm Thomas-street, and Swan Bristol, next morn-
ing.

at war with his own councils. They bad nearly (him*
him from his government, and yet the pre*•
under him enjoyed a freedom of discussion. Lord

C.irnwallis required no censorship to guard the
state from the consegnnces of discussion ; anti
under the mild gor'•rnment of Sir John Shore it en-
joyed ample freedom. He held in his hand a num-
tier of the Multi,. 3firrmr, dated 1 lth June, 1794. which

contained animadversions on the Directors, on the B.

tavian tiovernment, on Commodore Mitchel, and on Sjor
J. Alw•reromhr. It w•as about four years after tbi7 that

he censorship wa, slily introduced under Lord Wellt‘-

ley's aihninistrAtion, and the press subjected to restr:. -
lions which would not be permitted in any of our little

West India settlements, though they were almost job's-
bited by slaves. But Lord Hastings abolished this b.e•e
censorship, thongli the restrictions still continued. Al-
though opposed to 3lr. Canning's political opinion•, he
(Colonel Stanhope) could not hut give him credit for
the part he took in that measure.—[Colonel Stanhope

then read an address from the inhabitants of Madras *co
Lord Hastings in ISI9, with his Lordship's answer.)—

These words were so useful and so noble that no parallel
for theta wns to be found in history. The restrictions
imposed on the press were of a character to paralize
liberty, hut were not acted upon. Yet such of them as
were not consistent with the habits of the country
,hould be repealed, lost future Oovernors, actuated by
had motives, should enforce them. Under the censor-

ship not a word contained in The Edinburgh Reciter,
cohtell's Register, The Examiner, The Times, The
.4lornin( Chronicle, nay, of half what is published in
'hr WowedAl papers would he allowed. The Hoo.
Proprietor pronounced a very high eulogium upon tie
rharAeter anal government of Lord Hastings ; and, after
maising some further observations on the state of the
press in India, he concluded by moving that all the
proree.lings of the Directors, relative to the liberty of
she pr... 4 in India, be laid before the Court of Proprie-
oor.. If, lion ever, he received an assurance that there
A.,. nu intention of reviving the censorship, he wou'd
no: press his motion.
Mr. DOUGLASKINSIAIRD, for form sake, seconded
the motion. He was not mar.• that there were any
:•roreedings of the nature moved for to be laid before
the eon t ; hut coinciding, as he did, in the principles
expressed by the Hun. Mover, as in the high character
tie h d giv .n Lord Hastings, he was anxious that the
tamer should have an opportunity of upholding that
measure by which his Lordship had immortalized him-
self more than by his military actions, or than any
other man who had been placed in his situation.-
1 ilk was one of the many grounds upon which his
I,,,rdslaip was most particularly entitled to the thanks
of the coon.
Mr. CHALMERS moved the previous question. He
was proceeding to reply to the observations of pre-
ceding speakers, when
The CeatawAst said be thought he could shorten
the discussion : for he could assure the Hon. Mover,
that so far as he knew, there was no intention at pre-
sent to restore the censorship. The Hon. Proprietor,
perhaps, would therefore, as he had suggested, withdraw
his nvotion.
l'.d. STANHOPE.I do, Sir, with pleasure.
Mr. DOUGLAS KINNAIRD agreed in withdrawing the

motion.
Mr. Lows DES said he would congratulate the court,
if Hoitapvrte, like Romulus, had been carried to
Heaven. lie owed that individual no ill will, but he
was glad the country waa relieved from the expense
of the St. Helena establishment. He then proceeded
to iletuel the administration of Lord Wellesley, when
be was with touch difficulty railed to order, there being
no motion before the court.
C. tiaa•:r said he should not be out of order,
the assent of the court being necessary to the
withdrawal of the motion, and not yet given
if he said a few v orris ; tout it might go abroad
that the Ilt,n. .!ember's statement of facts, which were
not toile accurrte, were unanswered. As to the free-
d an of the press, Lord Hastings had withdrawn the
examination of periodical pliers by a censor, but the
pre% ions res•rictions still remained. It would have
been finite inconsistent with the prudence and vigour
of that nobleman's administration to throw open the
press of India at this moment. He was glad the motion
was withdrawn.
Mr. Jacgsos was ansions that what the chairman
bad said upon this occasion should not be misunder-
stood, lie bad merely said, " I know of no contem-
plation at present to undo what Lord Hastings had
done." Of that act he (Mr. Jackson) most cordially
approved ; for though the ntlinin was removed, the
security remained.
The caut.tthea adjourned.

to bis Friends
!mown :—For
V 4.0001.. 10,01
Mimi drawl
Classes! and
Prise on the I
they nay has
turned. pros!
fore 17th July
Fe
N.B. Allll
ale!Hy and di
---
UNEQUAL
RAAISGA
Four
1
SARACEN'S
Tllg fo
co %CI
The "Telt
Canterbury.
every mornin
In•ronsegt
above court',
shall be span
Brampton,
and !Witham
Falmouth,
Dartmouth.
Moulton, Au
Fluevlsot.
The " Un
and Haying%
eight ; arril
Ilse. This 1
Wight. Jerk
Cherhurg, &
The propr
tinuance of i
sines the coil
other concha
