THE STATESMAN. -

_ .
tailed dispatches, that oar Govecument might bare
taken every advantage which its importance permit-
ted, as connected with the present state of Europe.,
The powers that are held down by tho single epelleif I
fear, the moment they are informed, of the disteiterir
of the man who causes the spell to opecate, that mo-
ment
it loses its effects. If BONara aTa has many ene-''
mies, in the shape of friends, on the Contineet ; the
only way to make them appear in their true colours,
is to inform them of his disasters, which, it is won-
derful, Lord WELLINGTON has pot enabled Minis.'
teesto do. The, mystery must seen be cleared 'up.
Were.it possible for a human being to hold imme-
diate communion with one of the celestial order,
whose duty It might be to enter in the records
of Heaven the crimes and follies of man, what
a lesson would he receive 1-e—The angelic being
would observe, 44 Cast Aline eyes around 'the
*at compass of the globe, and through the eif-
eeef nt stages of history, and thou wilt see that mi-
t
leery, boundless misery, has been the portion of
I the mss y, while the feu bare lived in the centre of
debauch (which they call luxury, as if-luxury con-
'listed In the fulness of vice, and not in the essence
' and exercise of virtue), and have revelled' in oceans
lit blood, as though it• formed the choicest nectar of
their souls. And why has all this happened.? Thou
--7'e- 'eakeest attribute it to the iniquity of the few, and
LOVVAI : ' ' sr
-..____ o ei„a.o --eree eo•ciadi that- Heaves WI fpurtetteettentfer their
e ett-IVJA If, A UallU ST o, Ars.As. .
4P, .4***. f crime.. -But caust thou thutk that the many have
- ' acted right in permitting the fez" thus to trample up-
on the sacred rights of nature? The lion never suf-
fers himself to be tyrannised over, only when he
is within the ponderous gratings of a cell ; and the
horse never tamely Submits to the bridle, till the'
nobleness of his nature has been destroyed.—
Yet the lion and the horse have not been endued with
reason, except that which arises from the instinct of
the heart; while man, that was formed to fulfil the
noblest and sublimest purposes of nature, submits
to that which the lion and the horse, nay, even the
plodding ex, refuse to be eubjected to, until art has
destroyed or perverted the beautiful, lineaments imei
planted in them by nature's directing hand. They
submit only to the yoke of actual violence ; while'
the great bulk of mankind submit to an imaginary
yoke imposed upon them by a few, often inferior in
point of strength and intellect to themselves, and
then vent their plebes in groans or in curses, making
their very sufferings an aggravation of their crime of
unjust submission, instead of exerting themselves to
redress their wrongs by those means which superior
wisdom has placed in their hands.
" If there wanted evidence of *hat I relate, look
•
By an Anholt Mail of tins
morning we ,received lot the transactions, the bloody, the violent, the
report of a great battle, said to hate been fought . right-invading, and misery-engendering transactions
e i
thin twenty German "miles of Riga, and that the eof Europe, during the last '2O years. Within that space i
ech had attacked that p'ace three times with great iof time we have seen a Nation rise superior to its!,
e. and had been as many times repulsed with II sufferings and wrongs, and shake off the chains tl.at
nederable loss. Whatever truth there may been it had worn, ignobly worn, at least a thousand years.
':se reports is impossible for us to say, or. whether ! The people resumed the courage and strength with
y contain any truth at all. We, however, May 1 which nature had endued them ; and their oppressors
irly conclude, that important news will arrive ; immediately sunk into the dust. A dread of similar!
ram the North in a short time ; for, by the arrival ' consequences, and a thirst for revenge, roused their
French Pagers this morning, wo are enabled tol neighbouring despots, who before thought them-
tile, that NAPOLEON left Wilna on the 17th ult. to i selves secure, by being feeced round with the retains
lare ;Smself at the head of the Grand Army, at of their slaves. They sounded the clarion of war;
amsiderable proportion of which had previously their obedient vassals rushed to arms; their eagles
tea ordered to proceed to the Devine, which river waved in the sit, theme ei-ig to pounce upon i
teandastand it is the intention of the Russians to ;• the banners of liberty; bayonets bristled upl
lefeure Here au eventful contest will take place ; their points.; swords glittered terrific ; the thou-
:wept ALEXANDER should alter his plan, and, like der of war, burst , with tremendous and destructive
Ili ancestor PETER, continue his retreat over in- I convulsions, while clael4 of smoke issuing from the'
letpitable regions, in the hope of exhausting his ene- imouths of cannon, end towns and cities in flames, ,
le, till fatigue shall render hint en easy. prey to the' darkened flue fare of las . The despots failed, and
sore enduring Russian. Ameetsiout may hope to liberty triumpeetl, tai il: sank at the feet of .ambition
wet his enemy at Pultueo, but let him beware lest 1' and intrigue. But the mischief ended not here—am-
teemed meet him at Pruth. . Y: ' 1 bition and tyranny had not done their work. TIN
Whenever Nertneox makes his appearance at the t passions of men a, e ;loin caUed into action to sup.
bead of a formidable army, it is not to spend. his pert interests not their own—to perpetuate slavery,
Capin vain parade.. He applies himself to the work , and protisote their ii en destruction. The flames of,
in earliest, and beepushing hiseeleersaey on to a great lwar daily receievd,feeh fuel and extension to their
battle, the different circumstances of which he knows : wo-iulitetiogetpea Alone. And why ? the reason be-
le,/ to take advantage 'of better than any man oft I fere Assigned will %unite-it is because the great bulk
earth, he brings the dispete to an issue, by layieg , 'ef iretiety suffer 'thientelvato be governed by maxims
his enemy at his feet. • • r 'liititiaiy to those reincip'es which Heaven has pro-
' GOTTENBURGTI, .Tiny 2g. mitigated for the benefit of mankind."
Letters from Stockholm, received this morning, English reader, consider well the foregoing obser-
racation, that a vessel had arrive;l there without con- rations, and then ails thyself the following gees-
vne, which left Riga on thu es)th, reported that a tion :—What can restore peace and plenty to thy
great 'wade prevailed there, on account of a battle! own country, have a powerful tendency to stop the
!Sic:lliad beau fought at a place called Doneberg, I eage,4_ flames of war in othsrs, and hush the angry
tbOdtleetly t twenty German miles from thence; audit was!
coaspassions of the world to repose ?—PAALIAMENTARY
said, that the French had attacked that REFORM. This would cause the name of Britain to
2Te with the greatest fury three times, and were became the envy and admiration of surrounding na-
e., repulstel with very great loss. ttens ; instead of her councils being cousidereceas
Nu man
was allowed to &part from Riga, hut
the promoters of intermerable war.
:fi'sleatall most actively employed in adding to the for- Under these considerations how painful it is to see
io
in and defences of the place. The women many of our diurnal, and otherfugitive writers, en-
'Hut children had been Net elf to St. Petersburgh, listed under the, banners of the Anti-Parliamentary
Stockholm, and the island of Oisil.. Admiral Iles- I Reform and War Faction ; tinny of whom are men
Terse arrived at Revel on the 25th alt. and lime-
entely of education and shining talents, which render
proceedettto head-quarters. itheir lucubrations proportionibly dangerous to the
;udiced and half-informeet ; nor would such nets

a Czar on the throne of Moscow. lie they
1
aes— •
ou restore Poland to her
Bravo Poles! May y
fit splendour ! May you, after haring experienced
he ht,rrole which are the dreadfal cnniegneaces
narehy and slavery, see a ri,e, like the great sa.
which protects you, a regular Monarchy, secure
storm! May you at tenth enjoy the happy
produced by union, orders and discipline 1" •
_ _

snATs OF WAN.
/published. by Laurie awl Whiffle, No. 51, FleetAdaret,
Leindon,
ANEW large one iheet MAP of the SEAT of
WAR in RUSSIA, price Ss. in aSheet,nr 9v. Ina Caw
• A very large °"" Shret MA P or s AIN and POUTU-
,,. rediired from Inflow's Original Sirve3v, price 7s. 6d. in
nr hi.. ,:d. in a CI
,pc, general MAP AMERICA, very finely engraved,
:cod.la Nel, or 121. oil /toners.

Mails. nee' I
•
.. Dublin U
**************** 'Waterford * .• •• 0
**************** Libban . 1
.................... Ifitierasey '
' • 3'

.......... . .ler•cy 4.1
• • • • • • • -6 .•••, ...
.11:14TOCKS THIS DAY AT ONS 0171•0471111*
India Bond, 6 7 me. ~
Exchequer, Hills SP. 1 0111;,§
Ditto.aid. 4 6. fit•
(Minium 2i
Como!, for Amt. 67
Lottery' Tieketi

Cent. Cons. Mit
Cent. !Zed. 57 -
ct 11,9. 72i
Cent. Navy OH
Ann. 1515 16

THE STATESMAN:

last before oar Paper was put to Press we received
important information, that a Bill has been intro.;
Td into Congress, and read twice, to repeal the
~intercourse Law, and to prohibit the articles an-
A—hats, shoes, millinery, doodling, ready
le articles, of which silk, hemp leather, or flat
the principal articles, excepting Irish linnet],
,00llen cloths, the prime cost of which is more than
sterling per square yard ; cotton cloths, of which
prime cost is less than t5:l. or more than 3s. per
tare; double duties on all articles.
We have given the above as we received it; but
st effect the rescinding be Non-in. ercourse Law
have open the policy of the American Govern.
n towards this eonntrv, wade the Declaration of

ir ►eplaius in full force against us, we are at aloss
divin.. Let us hope, ho'wevcr, that the news
he reit inding of our Orders in Council has arrived
Atarrica, and tint some conciliatory steps arc

a L to he taken in consequence.
Tile above intelligence was received this morning
oue of the first American houses in the city, by
y of Halifax.

To proportion as the glory of the British arms
interests every Englishman, so is the mind upon the
ruk for the arrival of official intelligence from our
Army in Spain. The regular dispatches from Lord
Wri.trxwros most come by way of Lisbon ; but
still we had a right to expect his Lordship would
hare adopted some means of informing
the moment he had obtained•soch a

Ph
be
trai

as the one stated to have been, gained.
+itimo,iadepeadent of the regular modeof I

ctory

a e siiiemilhat the oci tifir.:
wi
nitro is not yet at an end: He -wer'ylbaterday
considerable length of time closeted with. Ir. VAN..
SITTART. •
Adiniral Sir J. B. WARREN was yeitsr Intro-
deck to the Pat NCE It EGENT, by Viscount Mat vILLIgi.
on his departure for America.
Yesterday accounts were received from America
to the 30th of June; we rejoice to learn by this chan-
nel that the PRESIDENT had not, up to that period,
!agreed to issue any Letters of Marque.
Advtees have been received from Amelia Island to
the date of the 4th of July, by which we learn, that
au English vessel, in attempting to enter the harbour,
had been pursued by some boats of the insurgents
! without success. Thus disappointed, they applied
!for assistance to an American frigate off the coast,
which refused, compliance with their demand.
! it was mentioned iu our Paper of yesterday, that
I the American ships bound for the United States, to
which Licences of Protection had been granted, were
not permitted to sail, if they had copper on board,
either crude or manufactured. This difficulty has been
removed, and orders are now issued to allow them to
' take their departure.
A letter from Liverpool, dated late on Tuesday
evening, says, that a vessel, just arrived at that port
in twenty-one days, from Halifax, has brought in-
telligence of very violent proceedings, amounting to.,
insurrection, in the United States; and in many places
Mr. Manzsox's elgy was burnt, on his declaration
of war !

Letters.from Gibraltar, of the 22d, state, that se- I
vend transports had sailed from that port, for the•
purpotte of'. assisting in bringing eilinsi.assessos and.
his army from Malaga, but that, in consequence of
an nnkyourable wind, they had been compelled to
return.. Some apprehension, we understand, was en-
tertained for the safety of BALLasTeitos; but it wes
hoped, from his well-known- Activity and resolution, .
that he Would extricate himself from the difficulty into
which the 'unetpected appearance of the enemy had
placed him.
Letters were yesterday received frOm Majorca, to
date of the Bth ultimo. At that time the troops Iles-'
tined foi the expedition to Spain had not left the
island, The force in readiness consisted of between
4 and 6000 Spaniards, including cavalry and in-
fantry. The English part of the expedition was to
re-embdrk at Minorca.
,e letters from Bengal state, that advises
I received, that a detachment of our army
a fort belonging to a native Chief, in Bun-
, had been obliged to retire. Our loss on
,sion was not known when the Beet left Cal-

Pri%
had be
besiegii
diecunt
this occk
cutta.
SMYRNA, Jext 6.—Wheat is getting down, the
new crop having a very favourable appearance. At
Constantiuople they daily receive corn from the
Black Sea. They write, under date of the 30th ult.
that the Congress nt Bucharest has been dissolved •
and that though the Russians have left only 12,000
men in IVallachia, the Turks do not seem inclined
to attack. General A.NDREOSSI is daily, expected at
that capital.
A vacancy having occurred in the Ward of Cripple-
gate Without, for a Member in the Court of Com-
mon Council, the election terminated ov:_Thursday
by a poll (which was conducted with great good hu-
mour and harmony) in favour of Mr. JOSEPR YAL.
• LUMLEY. The numbers were al follow :
Mr.Yallealcy, 161—Mr. progden, 24—Mr. Taylor, 84.
Donuts's NV/tom—The contest which ensued on
the Ist of the month for the Annual Coat and Badge,
left to the free watermen of London by their old
friend Dogget, having remained undecided,4n conse-
quence of several accidents which obstritcted the
' race, yesterday was appointed for a renewal., of the
wager. Six young watermen • accordingly started
from the Swan, below Blackfriars'-bridge, to row to
the Swan, at Chelsea. They appeared well matched,
and after rowing a short distance, young May, of
i Westminster, took the lead, and maintained it till
they arrived at Chelsea. lie, of course, won the
Coat and Badge. Fuller and Reynolds followed in
succession, and came in Oar their respective shares.
This morning, about_ six o'clock, a middle aged
woman threw herseff Troit the centre arch of Black-
frairs'-hridge into the Thames; her clothes kept her
afloat some minutes, but at last she sunk. Several
watermen immediately went to her assistance, and
succeeded in rescffidgfier from a watery grave, though
not before she had twice disappeared. The only
cause she assigned for the commission of so heinous
a crime as self-destruction was, that she had been
quarrelling with her husband.
The public attention was excited near St Paul's on
Thursday evening by a bird, of an extraordinary size,
having settled upon the tap of the cross, where it
sate from six till eight o'clock. A gentleman dis-
chnrged,a piece at it, but it flew away unhurt.
I The report of Duzson having been reprieved, it
appears; from the following letter, Was unfounded :
I CAMBRIIIGE, THURSDAY EVENING, Arc. 6.—The
death-warrant is just urrived from the Secretary of
State's Office for the execution of Dawson, and the
Sheriff has directed that he should sutter at the
New Drop in front of the Gaol, at eleven . o'clock
on Saturday morning. He conducts himself now'
with great propriety, and pays a very decorous at-
tention to the pious exhortations of the Ordinary, ,
who visits him twice a day. He says, that he enter-'
tains no farther hope of a reprieve; yet still decliaes
answering arty interrogatory respecting his supposed
instigators to the inhuman deed for which he is tol
die. He silently shakes his head whenever a gues-
I don is put to him on this point, from which it is na-1
Wally conjectured that he had accomplices in al
higher sphere of, life to ,himself, and that he will
make a full discovery before, his exit. `. I
TIM UNNATURAL MOVIRIL-4 Lady, who lives
in a genteel house is Cork, and dresses very ele-
I gaudy, conceived an unaccountable dislike to one of
her for children, a boy, and determiued to starve
This - wed
