SINGULAR comPu.vgivr TO ROrALrr.

A prosecution was lately commenced, by the proper
officer of the government of Sweden? against the Editor
of a Swedish paper, for a libel contained in that paper
on the Emperor of Russia. The law of Sweden (unlike
some laws,) gives the defendant a fair chance in the se-
lection of his Jury; and, on this occasion, the defen-
dant voluntarily chose the Crown Prince of Swe-
den. the King's own son, as one 'of the Jurors. The
King, on being informed of the circumstance, expressed
his high sense of the compliment paid to his family ;
and his hope that they would always administer the laws
with justice; but he wished the choice In question to he
given np; lest, on some future occasion, a prosecutor,
who, likewise has an influence in the nomination of ju-
rors, should avail himself of this precedent ; select a bad
Crown Prince as a Juryman ; and exercise his power as
an engine of oppression. We do not recollect ever to
have heard of such an instance of confidence on one
side, and magnanimity on the oilier. The King of
Sweden is the only sovereign of Europe who was not
torn a Prince. Ile was formerly a common soldier t and
his son, the Crown Prince is considered the most accom-
plished gentleman of the age.—(l9biseritatioa Smaday
Paper.)

The East India Company's ship Princess Amelia
and lieneral Hewitt bad arrived safe in /taker Road
on the 27th of Jaly.
titans LTAR, Nor. 20..m.The Fanny, Fry, from Leg-
horn, arrived in the Bay on the 17tcs inst. was plun-
dered on the 14th, off Cape de Oat% by an armed fe-
lucca, of provisions.

SPORTING I.VM,LIGENCE.

BETTING AT TATTF:RB.II.L'S, Elsc. I I.

bros T.-14 10 I *est Liet.tarus-16 to I Rrother td
Partisan—l 6 to I apt c. oat of Mosel—WO tv 6 ■gst c oat
of Charm.
OAKS.-6 to I 'gm Mt Lady.
RIDDLIIIVORTH.- 4 to I •[at r. out or Morel.

OLD BAILEY—Tans MORNINI.
.7,,Ari Reece was convicted of stealing a quantity of
lead, the property of the Duke of Northumberland.
Catherine and Mary linker were indicted for It-
ing Frederick Wilmot Pickering, and stealing h:s
hat. This n•as the case cattle unfortunate man who
was thrown out of the window in Vine-street. The
prosecutor was so much indisposed from the effects of
the injury he had received, that he was unable to
identify the ptisoners, and they were therefore ac-
quitted.
.-ICrahana Hemoiorway was then put to the l;ar,
charged with Sacrilege, in robbing the parish ebtir:•lt
of Enfield. Web', one of bis companions suffered for
the offeuce on Tuesday last. The trial is likely to
continue the greater part of the-day.

CAPE Tow±ii OCT. 15.-1 am unable to express the
pleasure f feel in Leine able to inform you. that that
most specious and bloody tyrant, Christoplie. i no in.,re,
and that he fell by his own blood-stained hawk. 4)1 the
causes which led to this important event, you will have
various and contradictory accounts, few hiing correctly
informed of the leading particulars. However. one sen-
timent of the deepest abhorrence of his person. bis Go-
vernment, and proceedings, appears to pervade the who'e
population of the country, succeeded by a universal joy
at being relieved from a state of slavery and terror, never
perhaps equalled in the history of the limo in rue.
Fortunately for the inhabitants of this city. its Covernor,
Richard, (Joke de Marmelaile. was a man of steady,
humane sentinients; and during all the rigour and
espionage of the late Government, the city was never
more quiet or more safe. The 111311, to whom they now
all look up, is Paul Romaine, (Prince du Linilte) the
oldest General they have, who is a man of moderate
principles, and is universally beloved by the peopl... We
have much to hope from Lis authority in malting the
new arrangements.

Duitursi, Dtr. 9.—CILICIMATION Or GOLD'
smi rn's Blern-uar.--On Wednesday last, the Anni-
versary of our great National Poet, Goldsmith, was
celebrated with great festivity, at Gallytealton. in
the immediate vicinity of which the poet was b.rii on
the Myth of November, 1728. Many interesting. let-
ters were read, (tom persons of high respectability.
who were prevented by various causes from attending
the Meeting, and a Provisional Committee and Secre.
tary were elected to manage the affairs of this patriotic
undertaking, until the celebration of :he next Anniver-
sary in the City of Dublin, when it is expected that
the site of the monument, and all matters relative to
its erection, will be finally settled.

KITS or TUC CHI ItClll.—A cause of great inapt •
once to every Clergyman in the kingdom was brought
on on Saturday the 2d inst., before the Spiritual t7outt
of Blandford. The Hector of Wyke Regis, and Wey-
mouth, in the county of Dorset, was, to his great a Ito-
nishmeitt, one day informed that the Churl Ito et dtit
had taken the key of the Church from bins, declaring
at the saute time, that the Rector had no r ght to the
possession of it; that, as Churchwarden, it on ht to
be in his custody, and that wheucver the Rector had
say occasion for it he might have it; but that he should
first acquaint him with the particular purposes ft.r
hick it was *anted, and with the nature of the ditty.
The defendant, however, when the business came be-
fore the Court, put an end to the suit, by admitting
the Rector's exclusive right to the Ilse of the key.
GREAT PERFORMANCE.—Mr. Mills undertook his
great match to trot Isis favourite Arabian mare fifteen
miles is harness on the Black-water-road, yesterday, far
200 guineas, and to carry fourteen stone, in a gig..
The mare went off at score, and did the first mile
under four minutes. Immense sums were pending
upon the match, and bet'ing, which at starting was
two to one on time, was five to four on the mare after
she had stone the first mile. She did the next three
miles its eleten minutes and font- seconds, with plenty
of work in her. Half the distance was performed in
29 minutes 10 seconds, and the whole was completed
in a quarter of a minute within the hour. The mare
did not seem fatigued ; she performed the distance
without making a single break out of the trot.
FATAL BOXINO MATCII.—A desperate battle woe
fought in Canon's Marsh, near the Wass-house, Bristol,
on Tuesday last, between John Dogherty, sod
White, both Irishmen, in consequence of a quarrel
which took place on the Sunday night, whilst drsititio9
at the Ship and Castle pnblic-house, Marsh-street. The
men set-to about one o'clock, and continued
away at each other till ten minutes past two, during
which time they fought 41 ronnds. It was in truth 4
sleateria:,v ff. ri r , for White was taken from the ground
in a state of cutnplete stupor, anti, we regret to add, has
since expired. Doghertv, who, it appears, was the
challenger, was also terribly wanted. 1 hey were bulls
extremely powerful men. White has left a wife and
two young children destitnte of support. A Coroner's
Inquest was held on Wednesday, when a verdict of Mea-
slesegAter was returned against Dogherty.
Di‘Ts tCTIVIL Dee.
morning, about half-past seven o'clock, the low pre-
mises of Nu. 3, Albany-street, possessed by Mr. Mitchell,
baker, and the apartments immediately above, occu-
pied as the Adjutant-lieneral's office, were discovered
to be on tire. The doors of the offu-e being forced, the
hooks and p tpers were happily sated, although the
dames were then making rapid destruction. By the.
time the tire-engines arrived (a little past eight o'clock),
the floor of the office bad fallen down, which afforded
ample scope for their playing 'nixes:4oly, and roon
extinguishing the flames, without havingcommunicateti
to the fiats above, which are occupied by the Misses
White, and other families, who were for &time in int-
mineut danger. As yet it is not satisfactorily aster-,
tained whether the fire originated in the luster or
upper apartments. Mr. Mitchell's loss, it is believed,
Will be considerable, as only a small part of his fur-
aiture was saved. A guard of military is appointed
'to protect the premises.
Snontixo Event.--Oa Saturday last the son of Mr.
Nesse, of Argyle-street, wasseeldentalls shot by another
youth, 'ions years of age, is a field leading from I. :-
bridge, towards Rickmensworth. They wen sbootiag
small birds, when the gun of Master &lathers went off
accidentally in going through a hedge, and lodged the
Contents in the body of young Hesse, who died yester-
day.
