SOUTH AMERICA.

Intelligence from South America every day es-
oemes a deeper interest. Sir Gregor M'Greger
(who carries out strong reinforcements to New Gra-
nada) bas now reached that cavalry, as well as Lord
Cochrane; and as several transports with veteran
British officers earl mew have also arrived, it is pre.
bible that the long-promieed expeditiou front Spain
will find the remmet of Morillo's force absolutely
annihilated era its arrival, and consequently a more
hopeless war to wage than could hitherto hare been
imagined. It seems highly probable that the feeble
Spanish fetes will speedily be swept from the shores
of the l'acific and from the Western Provinces, and
that if this Spanish espeditiun, more fortunate thee
the one which preceded, should ever reach the At-
lantic shores of America, it will find the Independest
armies there concentrated before it, proud of former
triumphs and prepared for new ones.
The following it on interesting extract of a letter
from Kingston, Jsmeice, dated 7th of February,
which throws mach light on the preparations now
mating for this contest—a contest ulsiek would ivies.
'portant under ano rircumstances, but which itren-
dered especially in by so many of our conntrynses
being now engaged in it :
" By a sch from Aux Cayes we are lamm-
ed, that General Al•Greanr arrived at that port on
the •:Ith of January, with two ships of war and
some armed transports, composing part of the traps-
dition which was destined to ski the Patriots of New
Granada. This lotelligence caused such alarm among
the merchants of this place, that they immediately
applied to Sir Home Popham for protection to their
interests on the Spanish coast, sad the Admiral re-
plied, that he would give all the protection compatible
with his order+. which were to maintain au entire
neutrality. Ile consequently dispatched a ship of
war (the Iphigenia) to observe the movements of
General M•Greger. who hourly expected the arrival
at Am Cayes of a Depety from New Grenada, who
left that place en the 18th of the preceding month.
" The Captain of the ship from Ass Cayes, says,
that the I which conveyed the Deputy, entered
that harbour at the moment of his leaving it. The
point to which the espeditinn was destined, he had
not been able accurately In ascertain, in VR1144,001
of the profound silence which was maintained on the
subject. Some thought that it would he directed
spinal the Isthmus of Panama ; but the most probe.
bible opinion was, that it would go to Santa Mirth',
as from that province it would be easy for Mae
Gregor to proceed by land to Omni, and thence to
continue Ms match sitheet opposition to Pamplona,
or some other province of the interior, in order to
place himself in communication with the Patriot
General Santamler, who, according to the latest in-
telligence brought us by those who have arrived from
New Granada, bid under his command three thee-
send infantry and two thousand cavalry.
" The consternation of the Spaniards throughout
New Granada was immense, independently of the
arrival of M'Gr►gor's espeditinn, in consequence of
the bad state of their C 1111%! in Pero, and the increase
of the Patriot force in the Dams of Canine's.—
What hope can they now have of preserving that
country, holding as they do all the points of theceest
undefended, and its inhabitants at the same lime
exasperated by their cruelties and opressiosis? A.-
cording to the information which we bare of thedis-
position of the People, it is probable that the mere
announcement of the arrival of the espeditiou at
fax Cayes will recite them to commence the work
of liberty. Gen. Al•Grrgnr, we ate assured, would
not delay at Asa Cars Inniger than was necessary
for conferring and determining epos the plan of lye-
tenons with the Deputy from Now Granada, mid
for the arrival of the other ',stele. _ .

•-'•—
By a letter from Porte Betio, we are informed,
that G al Osorio had arrived et Pentium (wheocs
we infer Oa/Talcahuano was then in the power of the
Chilian Patriots), and that Gen. Omit) bad come to
Panama, without touching at Lima, that he might
act io conformity with • Council of War."

MEDICPetf. PiIeTERTIEJ or GOLD.—Dr. Cliats-
riLyi, el Montpelier, hes mode seine ezperisteuto on
she medicinal properties of gold. lle declares, that
be cured a most obstinate siphy hs with eery fine Aliso
of pure gold, robbed upon the tongs. in doses of rase,
two, nod Inn and a boil grain,. Ile farther smarts,
that the rubbing of Nur grains of psiverbed gold
spun the relive and goals, prodsces, in some in-
stances, • strong rilivatiots ; in Gam, attains diar-
rhea and frequent perspiration:

LONDON:
TIIVILIIDAY. MARCH 25, 1819.

A collisies in Fromm, something like one of the
subordinate revolutions during DOPIATAITE'S Con-
selate, is evidently approaching. We do not We
how the parties can avoid a shock. The tribune, as it
will be seen, was filled by inflamed speakers on both
sides of the qeestinn, and as each felt the importance I
of not giving umbrage to the People, (who now feel
their consequence in the State,) they took care to I
speak of their interest in the measure proposed or at-
tacked. All ibis while the King feels easier than
might be imagined ; for although his relatives keep
aloof from hiss at this critical time, he is satisfied of
his personal safety. An extended Fraechive is the ob.
ject wish the Patriots, and no arguments of convenieaa
ought to weigh one feather in the scale with the true
patriots of their country. If they want to axe, isin
the evils of precedents, let them look t•. i...gl■nd: I
they will there find enough of that evil. A &psi.
tore from prieciple, upon any ground whatever,l
ought to subject the proposer to the suspicion of a
disguised traitor. In the Chamber of Peers, the'
Count Degree reported from a Special Committee,
lin favour of a proposition for r►pealing the Ise re- i
!alive to seditious cries. Th. Report was ordered to ;
be printer). Count CUATTIL, theßstke de PLAISANEE,
and Marshal the Doke d'ALIVTcat, all of the late
creation of Peers, were appointed Presidents of the
lit, 2cl, and 3.1 Bureaus. The Chamber then ad-
journed to Tuesday. It will be seen that the Chamber
of Deputies soddenly broke up its sitting fres the dam-
prows warmth of the several orators. There esist the
same contradictions in the French Smote as in owes,
according to the interests and prejudices of theseveral
parties. M. Du VERcialt Dg lIA LILAND I complained,
that the berth's, occasioned by the events of 1815 bed
fallen wish an oppressive weight on she Cotton Manu-
facturers, whilst the Woollen and Silk Manufacturers
had been entirely tempted. The Codes Mseefac.
ture was consequently languishing ; end every where
there were numbers of Weevers destitute of employ.
meat. Ile moved that the Petition should be taken
into coesideration by the Chamber, and referred to
the new Commission of the Customs about to be up-
pointed. M. BElfollT supported the motion. Bat
M. DE ST. CUM, ails proof of the increasing prosperity
of the Cotton Manufactures, stated, that in 1813 the
consumption of Cotten.wool was only 9,400,000
kilogrammes, whereas in 1818, it amounted to
15,t)00,0(.0. Injurious competition resulting from
lie 'Raisin number of manufacturing establishments,
was she sole casse of the existing distress. M• BauN
DE Vu.t.rotts (the Beporter)contended that it would
be highly impolitic to encourage the Cotton Manufsc.
lore at the ramie, of the Woollen, the raw material
of which was a native produce. The improvemeat of
machinery, however desirable in some respects, was
undoubtedly one of the caus►s of the distress alluded
tn. lle was willing that the Petition should be re-
ferred to the Commissieuers of the Customs, as well
as the Minister of the Interior.

A stronger proof could not be offered of the jet•
lice and expediency of a more than toleration, of a
enntually sad equally free carrelsu of religion in the
United Kingdom, than the fact which M. nu Sots?
AuLAIR, msde known in the French Scow, via.
that 13 Protestant Electors were murdered at the
Election in the Department of the Gard in 1815.
The disclosure of this horrid fact it was that broke
op the Silting, and occasioned the adjournment align
debate for two days.

The Americans have fallen under the censure of
the majority of the Pub Udder in Kerepo for their
decides in the case of Aaiun:taut and Arms.
m.—Character Is fortune to a country ; MOM
specially to It Republican country.--.... That the
ROUND of Itepreseetatives was placed in a soy
difficult position no one an doubt ; bat Its res.
PM should not have given way to screen an act arisiet;
from the peusion of one man, however eminent his
services to she State alight be deemed. It pains es
to condemn the acts of a People we wish to be on
Rood terms with. They owe their national eaistence
to the lessons which our institutions inculcate ; and
they have sullied their setteesl reputation by the
debasement and dentorelialag effect which • familieri.
ty with slavery occasions, of which we kayo espme-
ed our abhorrence. ‘Vhat our Government will do
we cannot say ; but It must not, cannot, pass over the
transaction unnoticed.

We trust that the Common Council will, this day,
express their proper detestation of t►e odious, be.
cause partial, 'fez on Coals. The resis►ie` thrall im.
positions with becoming spirit is the 'sly •ay to he
esemplad from fetereizectioss of the like kind to
favour the views or extraverts.= of Paittcrs end
their mistresses.

The SPCAILLIeI last Parliamentary Levet for the
present Sodom will be ea Salerday seat, the 2711 i
fastest.

IOURISAL DC PARIS, MARCH 21.—" Th. J.urnat
tic Marseilles of the 13th hest. snakes no mention of
the reported disestrows event at Messina ; we, their-
fore, tape that it has not taken place, or, at least,
that the accent was mach resaggerated."
The Howls, Germs, from Wet to Hell, put
into Slssanger the 21st silt. very leaky, sod bas
charged her cargo.
Th. Christina, SLlLteestost, of Gottmober4k. and
three British vessel', perticelars unknown, were lost
in the Serpa the 14th inst.
The Persian Ambassador sod suit* landed at Dover
on Thursday afternoon from Calais, mod were isle:.
eat by the firing of the cannon at Ike Castle and
western heights."
Asiatic Mirrors have been rereived to the flat of
October. BAJILF. Bow, the Es-Peishwe, had ar-
rived by the last accounts et Ajmere,and was espect.
ed at filming abort the heeinniog of November.—
, Area Sums, late Rajah nt Naglints, was still at
large, sod *meal skirmishes had i•ken place be-
, teems •Of troops and runetor the Couffilbs in wh;et,
the former were uniformly succerrful. It war stated,
, that IligadieteOrmerAl A 11401.9 was ohne' m trek
.41iffitt the refractory Scit-li (Alois in the north-west
•r The :feint frontier t‘sd been the stems
of ••"I ales n the ',ono of Moo torn Sllatt
and the Persian., Mott4IIED a as &rotated,
sad forced to take 'Prod. with the Vtzttn at Beret.
In roorst, the scrawl,' that hail been transmitted
from t]•ti,..r Wu. represented •Isst% as by no WWI
in a -• t.ed nor like!, to be litodgitt into it,
the aid and presence of a large military force.
l'he fr ant Ceylon continned to be f *****
able. The troops that had volunteered t eir set.
'vices to that island from the Bengal srmy were nearly
in ■ slate of readiness for embarkation.

According to the last advice% from Spain, trade
continued ire a state of general stagnation, thank
the Government had abandoned the project of in-
creased duties at the several ports. The only bustle
et Cadis was owing to the preparations for the Es.
;sedition, whirls was aogasenting daily ; the troops
drawn from the interior before Cadis amounted to
15.600 men, which were kept in constant esercite.
They were reviewed on the 48th of January by Count
tura kl.• There was an espectation at Rare -lona
that M. us CETALLOS world speedily pass threragk
that place, on his way from Vienna to the Spanish
capital, for the purpose, as was commend. of ro.
Isensing the administration of Foreign Affairs. A
story was curfew, that CEVALLO; bad aporised Its.
I Dlsanu VII. that the late QuEsts was subject to
epilectic fits. The party who had projected the war.
rise. pretended that it was nothing bet a nervosa
I disorder, mired by the client, of Brazil.
Amongst a variety of communications from India,
a Ceylon Paper bas reached es of the 39'k of Sep-
tember ; at which period, If we can byline that
Journal' the hostile movements of the Candians were
drawing to a close. The notice who had assumed
the Mire of King, la said to have been taken psi-
soner, as also hid principal adviser ; and the People
of the country were in tinny places tendering their
I ssbraiasinn. A reinforcement, consisting of the dank
companies of the Stri h regiment, bad wind at Trio-
! camale►, by the (I•tsnde frigate.
i If appears, that the troubles at Nismee woo really
wines and political. We regret to find that the fa-
natie of that town, who went fortk
with the torch and the dagger against their Protestant
I fellow.citizenv, in 1815, again bets■ to let lone
their pis inns. The lives end propertiet of Protest.
lents were again threatened ; and. +hat is still m..te
shocking, one of the most devoted objects of fasati-
cal vengeance was a person named Loco _es,- whose
father was murdered by these infuriated zealot, in
11815. _

Letters from Rio Janeiro, of she 4th of January,
state, that trade was then very doll, there living no,
demand ezeept for fine goods—these of inferior de.
'caption being entirely a drug.
A letter from British America, received by a Gee.
Heinen In this city, sass—" The American Beard of
Commissioners for Enrolls. Missions base just sp.
appointed $ Mr. Mesons aod a Mr. Film, as Mis-
sionaries to Jerusalem. They observe, that America
has theft coinreemeol the fir-t minion In that city, an
dear to the hearts of both Jews and Christians, and
that It is most proper swell a mission 'horrid be-begen
by the American People, as they alone of all the,
nations of the earth can stood wp and say, ' We
never have been espied in persecuting the Jews,
for amongst us the children of Israel have the same
ptivileges as those of es who are Gentiles.' What
sorry thin Maoism will have time alone nest deter.
neirm."—(Durkom Paper.)
11 was reported on 'Change. that a vessel bed ar-
rived at Ivimopool from New York, which place she
left on the 'Mils Feb. bringing some impootatit news :
co jectere says it is respecting the Beek.
It is generelly reported, that the present Lotto
CHIEF Belot of the Court of &cheque in Scot-
land, has signified his wish to retire, on a pension of
coarse; and that hir h,* be eeeceeded by the Loth
ADVOCATE. This certainly is an SppilinIII•111 more
idapted in the Loomed Lord's 1111111111, as the COMM.
.that are tried in that Court relate merely to the IL.-
essme—snd require only a practical knowledge of the
Code of the Excise and Cestom-house Laws.
Governor M'Qu Artnic It not the only British Co.
that hat levied tales without the sithority of
Parliament. There is now a strong remnestraine to
Laid MINI:114T, on the pert of the Planters and
other inhabitants of another of our Colonies, cow.
plai ll ig ig of the modulo of their Governor, in demand-
ing and levying totes without the sanction of Perlis.
mint or the consent of the internal Legislature of tLe
Colony.
Letters from Leeds of Monday last, inform is,
that in addition to the great numbers of woollen.
wearers dist huger', the masters have given notice to
the remaining stirkmen, that they must limit their
labour its future in eight hours per day. until affdlrs
take • mist, (securable torn. In fact, both ltin
woollen and cotton manufactures •re et present in a
depressed state. Escept fur articles of the finest
fabric, Ito demand was never known to be so dell,
either for home consumption or for exportation. It
is true, there bare been some flimsies orders re.
veiled within these few days, both from North and
South America ; but ati these are confined to a few of
the first hooves, whole warehouses hare been long
overstocked, they have tint occasioned Roy Witt le
increased throand for labour.
