The ►rivate Lattars Was Paris this seraiaz state,
that a Spilka Canal's, had arrived at the Foraign
Office; but the twitters wire kept a profound secret.

Paris papers to the 27th into. have brought some
interesting ha/Bissau from Spain. From all ea
fagots. it seems that the maimy of the Goads was
concerted to eo-np•rate with the insu►reetions which-
manifested themselves in numerous place', 'at one and
the nine period, and that it was the intention to
carry off the King to the Pyrenees, whence he would
hive entered Spain at the hand of a Foreign form.—
Whatever may have been the purpose of the Kin"
whets the prospect of retraining despotic sway °pried
to his view. appreheasion makes him now act with
unusual wiener against his late friends and accom-
plices. His Majesty appointed on the 14th inst. a
Special Military Commission, composed of Officers of
the garrison. and the Volunteer Militia, to try the an
thors sod accomplices of the late revolt, and was ►x-
pected to conclude its preparatory labours in three
dam Addresees arrived on all sides to solicit the
prompt and complete purification of the Ring's Muse.
hal I. The Dike de Vlofeniado, it is now under-
stood. is banished to &daps, and the Marquees de
111 A marinas to Grroada. Lieutenant-Geeeral the Mar-
gems of Castielor had been exiled to Cantles's'',
Lieutenant-General Count de Cerium& to Valet:leis,
Field Hershel D. T. Longa to Badejor, Brigadier D.
J Semites Cisoeros to Avila. and six other military
sad civil &firers of high rank to Grenada. The
nom►er of Royal Onards taken prisoners amounted.
011 Ike 11th. to 1123, but three ►usdred more bad
been brought in by the 13th. Tkliest who bad not
bee. overtake* bed eurendered theolatives to the Al-
cides of the mei gitkerfing villages, to avail themselves
of t►e amoutty which had been proclaist•A,,The
subscription *poised to mist the wounded piddles of
the garrisoe, and the families of the guide killed la
the action, had proved completely saseesslbl. The
eon-tact of t►e British Minister, oo this occasion, Is
stated to have give• high satisfaction. "He has
sent," say the Spanish journals, " three thoused
Reels. to be added to the amount of voluntary sob-
'captions, and hes thus again the honour of
his nation. which bad • • injury from the
conduct of some Evils to respecting the op-
pressed of another part of . This is what the
(Aimee captains on thleohject As soon as the
British Ambassador had forerarded his subscription of
WO Foals, for the poor wounded in the action of the
7t►, f e Moteicipality of Madrid manifested to the Se-
*Mary of the Embassy. who had brought that sum,
she deep gratitude with which it witnessed so decided
• step is favour of Spanish liberty on the part of the
Representative of the English nation, who, u the ci-
ting et a free country, could not fail to join the
enemies of oppression nod slavery, forming without
soy distinction of country, but one great family upon
earth. The British Plenipotentiary has proved to
Spaniards that he is worthy of the nation to whom he
lielengo.' It does not appear that any other Ambas-
sador performed a similar act of humanity, aed some
.liplontatic characters are even suspected to have fol-
lo ee l (pin- Interest course."—The triumph of the
Constitutionalists at Madrid appear to have pr'gliee
the must beneficial results through the Kingdom, a
the lnsu►g•ats in every part have been defeated.—
The only interesting ours the French papers contain
shunt t►eie owe stairs relates to t►e proceediegs of
the Chamber of Depales. On Wedaesday in discuss-
lag as bank in the rom.elainted fur Impeficent eats-
bliel,mente; entitled, Ordinary &pence' of the Sani-
tary Service, M. Benjamin Constaat adverted to the
views of Ik. Hely A ilisou,in encouraging the Spanish
insurgents "We should protect the Greeks," said
M. Foy, " and ant interfere with Spaniards." In reply
to the former M. Monmorency denied that the cordon
sesOeire was established for any other purpose than
what its name indicated, and respecting OrePeo he Baia l
" that if the Greeks had perished, and if more victims
mast still suffer, the revolutionists of Europe were to
blame for it. The peace was be said, miraculously
p d amid such elements of discord."
Faexeo Foxos, JOLT 26.—Five per Cent. Cons.
opened at 91f. 33e.; !wrest 91 f. 15c. ; closed at 91f.
25c. Neapolitan Fire per cents. 7lf. Bank Stock,
1.597 f. 50e.—Exchange en London, one mouth, 25f.
33c. three ditto, 23f. Ik.

The imprisonment of Mr. Wooler. for the ps
which he took in the well-known election of a legl►
letorial 'Henley at Birmingham, expired yesterday,
and consequently be was liberated from oar county
prison. He was accompanied from the gaol, by Sir
C. Wvtwig, who, we understand, presides at a dinner
which Mr. Wooler'a friends at Birmingham propose to
give him on **allay next, in honour of his liberation.
—Warwick Adrertiscr,, Jorly 27.)
The Coal Porters la general on both sides ofillp
Thames hare, this morning, .tuck, on account of NKr
employers proposing a reduction of wages. Their
,former wages was foorpence a chaldron t lately they
',reepeoce-halfpeany; asd sow
them to threepence. Akw
r, continue to pay at the nee
last week, a number of colliers
at Ralston, and the principal
wat Mr. W. Pirmstone, acting
at Hough-hills. Mr. Russell
retained on behalf of several of
•red powerful appeals I. their
.ire of the rioters who were
minced to " one year's impri-
months." and some to " three
' several of the men were is
were heard through the ball.
Tuesday, Mr. John Harley and Mr.
qacers of E..eise, stationed in
t an assault oa Dr. Hayes, a re-
that torn. stated to have been
act of searching Lis residence
which they had got information
there, and which they were melon-
' been thrown out of a wiadew
the apartment, where they
posited. After a trial which
which the facts were minute-
Comae' and Agents display-
of the Excise Laws, the Jury
ime, the traverser@ were toned
contideraties of the circaostancee,
04e penny each, and were then die-
Chronicle )

furmer wages was fourpe
• Lars bees reduced to the
•t it proposed to reduce
nal-merchants, however,
threepence halfpenny.
At Stafford Sessions, h
ere arraigned for a riot
'ideates against them we
wager of the coal pit a
ad Mr. Winter were vets
le prisoners, and deliver
roar. The most scat
• end guilty were sentare
tarot," others to " six n
oaths." The wives of
out; their lamentations
a. Acsaul.r.—On Tuesda
&amide Serjeant, Ort
tidos, were tried for as
re table physician of tha
naitted while in the al
is s toe illicit spirits, wL
is sal Keen deli d there,
tiring to establish, had
tore they could reach
bed it had been depo
scasied seven boors, in
inquired ins., and the
l• particular knowledge
ling consulted some til
s. illy; but, is considm
on only fined one ten
ried.—(Cork Chromic
