'N PICKARD, is the CUIr.

IN %twine. 'bat Mr. P. Lovett. Mr Pro.
of the STATirsliAs, 'mimeo MI nn InWe-
rnisy
of C ail soil 8,141-6. Fri-Pt/nog.
"wowed of rnar Yeniy sots Holt' in the

. vshnt toter heat iiirrined three srpnrite
hove loon, proved Not oily 4n bon` been an-
-1.41.1 on his pan. but lu it of the Aree ens.s
airing his confinement, and entirely without

opinion of this Mrrlinß, that tt b on indiriperl.
of rh-Novo" of the Liberty of the
Lovell for the leor4 M lem inenteed in
, init.. %lb!, potriotisto, and for hie
Nobertion of Coomdfutieval Hight. of the
whole period of the publication .f that

of Mr. Lowell In the store f 4
independent .9f Ist% utifelines and 1.1454".
en-
__ marked &tenths' ai9d support of the Public,
thin Mlearierfter..rdinclt. &el 'rent nienanne in pan.
Aing the Subscription already commented

•
the eiwllited wart(' has the independent
.4 the Puri promi.e,l I. roofer so mach
lit -the present p riod ; it is. they. fa e.
the.* m Iw revere that Liter,. to tratstfe4
lowers hrhalf .4 ,were man who hob ond
that .0.44 ...wain* but mask of the hale-
, of on .nk Ind.
Gentlemen be appointed by this' Meeting to wet as
Web eliect the itbleemor the foregoing

IA 0
P. 50 0

b 0 • 0

1id.411 sl 0
441 o
0
10 0
20 0
10 0
10 0
1. 0

I. Ant. lb
Mr. !nllrr. ‘••ltlifkirt 1
fluke ..1 Itedfi.ril. iii,
Ow hlirrl. of Aldrr-
awn ‘t o.• 41 108
a„ Aex I& .
jultscrilli.oir tralmeis•e4
' by Mr. Vagary, of Liver-
pool.
Win. Rosen,. 1..,q. 5
l'. r reinpe,,so. NI. D. 5
r. H. a 41 Ca. h
H. (' D.
J. A. Iratt,s, Esq.
%. Z.
A Corn Merckk-jet
Aue. I.
7. C. per Mirwrb.
11.0.tte laild CO.

TOLLS. TO LET.
STILTON. Ste. kOADS.
TIIUSTEEi for putting in olecation se
JL Art *of Parlintwent for teindring the R..od. hoto pit
%Vim. Pittor on Ateonbnr•-nit: to Wiut.tnrd-bri•ltre..aid 440,
0 is •ra.a -00 l't ty•th•r,urh totidre. all in ltt rtunnv uft
H routed •n. herrb% rive Lome. tient n NIP F.TING
• TRUSTE• LS .f r the rid H.. 4 *PI h. beittjto Oar KAI )1*
Stiller, in the void Cult 4., um WEI)VI,6ItAIi. tne'tr is
Sl:PrEht H1•:R w•t't 411 Elfirrti itlitik ill the reVellfintl. for

~y.

10 10
lu n
L►
o

te.frisnrting any hu•ines- vet:clue to sue said Road:AIM Shy I
I) then and there appr,r rwee,...-tirv.
0 .Ik,cl they du fun' er give Notice, that at r v., ref.ll.trlt in
O the After., Si iiii the •iiieve (tn. they 0 ill pot
.up to he LET
O BY AUCTION far si otitis of Three Yrnia, eir ea meaty at •
0 'furter o'( li.ek at '. .00 ER IDA ir.,do. 1.31.1 day of
O OCTOBER nest. the TOLL 'Mitt i-S and pA vuEarri
is : due and viy;•1110 and to grow 410 e 014 al itlilt• :It ilints.• B? Rt
lun the said ROADi. and the Vt. eieoioe-I..nglne. at goortrl itnd
N.lfinaii-froil Ban, %%Ws the Ilifiamoi. Mid A pperiesinares be. ,
1
ton. tig thto ro. mid w Ota the A'l "II- kit.tier near Normals...l
ulO-9; a hich T.. 11,, &r. pe...lured, the lust year. th• f. 11.vvi9g
annu :1 Su iii, iner alai itb .se she exile:ice of toll eta% the
smut% Viz.:— I
Satirtry liar and Lajue . - sel3lo
Wan4ford ttni. - • • . SW
Natiemi•reo. Rir mid Eakne • 605
Old Tall- If ..upr • • A)
and' still he put up at titte-t• Rants is.pertivellv. nr !Wish other
Stifle. in Min be '.4reed Upon, Nutti.tt to such Conditions as sh::11
hr then produell.
Wharves. happens I - h• the hest Bidder for nny mtch t,,11t,
iato pit the rime time •iiier ii 1., .1 .CPU' oy, with .tini. mil . are.
Ili ui .0 slur fusa-furiion of sue T,ll.llces, (lir pun riveut of ibe Kent
;wiled fur, usuid tile pcauftellisOCe of plover Colirbilliite to be ib-
-10 ned in a Leos,.

20 0

P.=•

Rw Order.
jwlv IRE.
.Wll. MORLEY. Clerk to Ike Tri.t-et

AMER/CAN PAPERS.
—row—
New Yotti, JULY Excellency M. d
KRDIZOw, the Swedish Minister, has arrived in this
city on his way to the northward.
LOSS Or Ttl% IMP; WARPiOR.
_ SAVANNAH, SLILY 15. Tue hr g Warrior, Capt.
FRANKFORT PAPERS. Dickinson, of and from Now York, hound to Ha.
sonnah, struck on the Grand Bahama Bank, near
the Little Isaac Keys, on 30th June last, between
FRANKFORT, ADO. 15.—Baron Von Otterstedt. 11 and 12 o'clock at night, while going at the rate
Charge d'Affaires from his Majesty the King of of 'line knots, and was totally lost. The Captain
Prussia in this city, has published the following and the crew, after reenaiiiiiig oft the wreck two
notice:— i days, were taken off by the American ship North
The undersigned, has received by express, the fol- Star, of Bath (M.), bound to Ilovenritte a pelt of
Inning authentic statement of the dislocation of the.' the crew, 11 In &anther, left the North Star on the
Allied Armies hi Prince: M 241 inst. having been furnished by the Captainsof the
DIVISION RP TIIE FRENCH DEPARTMENTS 'WHIM( ARE ship with a long beat and provisions, with the-cost.
TO BE OCCUPIED AMONG Tut TROOPS or TUE owe sent of Captain Dickinson. Two days after leaving
ALLIED Fowles. the North Star, they fell in with the ship Charlotte,
1. Royal Prussian Army.—Gen: Head-quarters, from Boston, bound to Havennah, on board ef
ef his Highness Prince Blucher of Withlstadt. • • I which tit...), remained 10 dayi. They then left the
DEPAATMENTS.—Finisterre, Morhihan, Cotes du Charlotte, after receiving every assistance that could
Nord, Manche, (Ile et Vilaine, Calvados, Orne, b., rendered them, and mid* their way for the United
Ma) cline, Sarthe, Eure et Loire, Seine litferieure, States. On Tuesday last they were landed On St.
Eure, both as far as the left bank of the Seine. Catherine's Island, and arrived in this city lett
Loire et Cher, bob* et Loire, Maine et Loire, night. Capt. Dickinson, and the rest of the-crew of
Loire Inferieure, these last as far as the right bank the Warrior, proceed to the Havanna!' in the North
of the Loire. Star.
Royal Prussian Army in conjunction with the j WORCESTER, JULY 26.—0 n Tuesday the Lady of
-Royal British mutt Imperial Austrian Army. •Me Lake arrived off Fort Niagara, from Sacketels
DEPSRTMENTS.—Seine, Seine et. Oise, as far es :Harbour ; Major Braun, who came in her, brought
the left hank of the Seine. toilers to the Commanding Officer on this station for
111. Royal ifritisli Army and Royal Netherlands the troops which had left acid were leaving this place
A rrriy .—Paris : Ifead.quarters of hie Excellency for different destinationt, to return and continue here
Field-Marshal the Dike of Wellington. • lentil further orders. In consequence of which the
DerAerwcwrs:--Seine Inferieure, Eure, Seine et .10th and 12th regiments which had embarked were
Oise, on the right bank of the Seine, Lys, Nord, landed. The sth had proceeded too far to be coon.
Seine'et Marne, on thelefflunk of the Seine, Somme, termanded. The 4th had_ called for Sa, kett's Her.
Pas dh Oite. . hour before.the orders wefe received. '4a•l6th had
IV. Imperial Russian Army.--:Melun : Head. been ordered into Niagara. "Me cies* of this move.
quarters of Field-Marshal Count Barclay de Tolly. ment is not certainly known. It' is hbwever probe.
DEPARTINENTS.".Seine et Marne on the right bank bly occasioned by the expectation of a war with the
of the Seine, Aisne, Ardennes,' Marne, Meuse, Western Indians.who hasiklately manifested a dispo.
Moselle, Meurthe, Haute Milne (a fourth part of), sition to renew hostilities, The British, we under.
Aube (a third part or).' ' • stand, delay surrendering Maeklnatr, and the Indians
V. Royal Bavarian Armpit—Auxerre: Head: are collecting a large force in that. sicieity, , and
gearless of Field-1%0014 Prince Wreale. • s- threaten to take possession of that post as soon as the
DeTieTstr --Littiref up to' the Lolee. Yonne, British leave it.,
Metres, .Au :44,w0-thirds), Wet* Morno(taroo., M•ijor-(;ealinfilraul
tottrtiii)) • ' here soon. * •sr. 4
I • •

. -

• . .

. one,slroll . -...•- - - - - .row. ./Aa . - _ '9Th: jr9/1/o::iiii
Or shore of HAN. East India Stick. 50001. SpdAjPSelh • • i safety ‘ ' th•- E*lolto is I while, though it 111.110 d'Affaires to ihm Owe rot
le
Stork. 1341. per monism 1.1111 Annuitie., 3741 5, sd. him' p-r , can be capable of protecting them agaiustinternal and ...... . ‘:.ts -. ' .-4
Cent. Couto+ ; 'd n. a Leasehold commodious Derelling•h: Ow: p,teelot eint„..„„,„.
with takes. stc. situate no the West side of Greta Georar-street, I -6. ' ‘' `-."`"- yesterday a Russian Colonel, emninlktm Cod'
Ilannveroluare. rennin to h•• received on tb • d••mise of a Lad. ' 6 The principal merit of checking the arrogant
need 67. provided her yen, 94, mrvives her, and al.s so a farther . pretensions of them indisideala is due to Coont Man. fpraormis.Buitberg. •
passed throUGh IWO on INS n 11)
pisaitia,in,
moyhe koduf Mr. yiniotham. 8.44ii..r. mow. , seer. This able statesman at first proposed to renew
contingent interns in o.e other shares of the funme Pi nPe't/. ,
wirtemhTehtge,Pwruhsossiaenrcoo:tpse u"ntless-4PaseitincebyEug4e.alyse
chapel-roods Met.ff. &Teri and thst. Solicitor., Manehe.tee.... the ancre.st Constitution ,of Germany,: with a few Bamberg and Frankfort, . has wigged . cognise.
buildings, Westosionert um of Mr. Drayton, Auction MI ri: tti modigratiana and additional laws. An ill-founded orders. , . . • . ~
1 MILLARD'S IMPERIAL CLOTH, ~ i jealousy of Austria caused •this , •
to be rejeeSed. He i Sorrzter.ano, Aro. 12..-Tbe Dirks a paina4o
• RY HIS MAJESTI 'S ROYAL 4.1..T1ERS PAT/PIT.' I, then proposed, at least, he strongly recommended, a ' was attested on the 4th of this month, hi the 8 IS
N„„„,,,„,,, pus .de lie, M:11' en poowthild 'toot .Ig%`ntle"l, • Confederation of all the German Princes. Timm which ; troops, in the castle of Allamao, he halt been there
et qui retail iiiiitile l'its le d. tosneßes .
Merchants, and sha. ?odic are. has stow been. adopted is eery imperfect, and roust•be i with his family fora few days, and received itlreaily
rglllE Nobility, Mere
llthe refusal of the Council of the Canton of the Yantis
eventfully informed, 11w abase Cloth h: warns 'altered at reukfOvt. - • , .
gaiety ns the S'eaut Appntatat. all a atntlitmalkitt Itlitwijite, I ' 66.111 the Meal) time the new Constantinas which' to his request of being allowed to reside. iii the
and is tidapteti for the somas purpose. of family aloe. for Shirt. '- -
.-e have been framed for different States occasion great Valais. In support of this request, Mr. Motet
leg, Sheeting. Children's wear. be. wird for the purpose 05... t
linen. it &Impulses every ot,er cloth is in primers 11•3litY.. struggles.
Ad • I showed a letter from tha Minister of Pollee at Paris,
„,,,d,,,i,roest to health, which it,pric,mzeti_aitt
_ail" c_il:ln_f_'rt-,ahli 46 lii yi.irtembels the Crown Prince, a Young of the 13th of July, addressed to the D•uke of Has.
JOHN PICKARD, Chairamos. ;
franeefiecerly'len7.62.malu: it,fte."ll76,w,e'" „Nritipc' twhennve;iool „"'iri,'' th7i. man of . great obilities, has taken part against the "ono, nod stating, that the Duke of Otranto. Ste
aciw friim Meg stlddeols. chilled after riding or other noise Ling, wisp .Opthisestibe wishes 01 his people with applying for the Kit 'a orders, had been authoriled
'naninsomft .
exerck.e. To Otters in the Army aid Nney It is of the /rat
•se Meeting he given to the Choir's= for
~ „0,,,,„. „it never ioy,ttre, the damp ne",„4,1..re 1.14,1. bv gtem, tin" in, 0 ra, vte....tid cunning. - . jby his Majesty to give him passports to Switzerland
~ she proceeding/ of ibis cueing. i senor land ; its tworniay owl durability is very great, and its ' •I* Ileeoveri, the no.siltty insist upon Immunity i and to !Joyce ;he then produced two passports,
I twonty la appearance peculiar. As Merging. it egoolis sar- from all /ism
• i made out for him in the King's name, under the
soilsc•teTTo74l ar.csrven: , ..-. -
I Neves ever,' I""vrti"t• I"' ("if"' sad "FP'""mc'' "a wili. " At, Fraokfort, ,the senate 'concealed the pill- I date of July 14 ; these are signed by the Min seer
a 11, being 2.sths or orally half the wire. prodoeing in each
A, Gron, F.. 41. 11 a 11 • i .121 Si.n addition to its prealior agreeable 'egos allowed to the people by the Congress. •
5 5 a. pair a aiv ug 1 . .
of Police, and countersigned by Prince Talley raud,
,Cf(X) 0 W. A. 3111.-, Esq. , wear.
turt,dl Subscriniiens ,66 Trtie Noblemen of Holstein had-a repreaeota. Minister for Foreign Affairs •; they are scooted for
by Mr. Ham's ' It haute Said by the Patentee, only anopee, alt Amide, .in rime
tire. tadensaf kitallke) al Vienna" , without the know. I iwg years, and goad fqr two 'tooth', in order to
Friend AtA'of so nod €0 pierese.t..h, far es portati•m `std by the Oct. of
,so ,I 5 fri‘a,d,. ir„,o b•
in s. gd. pee as the f•,:. t Is. ledge. of the' Illik. The Cohstequence 'has been, lease France in this space of time atsd go either to
te..,s•oototors, per,.
dm Warehouses. No. 14. Citraybido, asid tar other hoer
.le 7 that his 'Majesty has been obliged to accede to their Switzerland or Tuscatty. s
,a,„„ ite. at the
R io ts.wa Of caoritry. .
Storeaman oMce
(Merl, wish reinittonee executed as if the panics acre pie. wishes. . \ • Au°. 14.—They write trot* Genoa, " Madame
Elf) Grey 2t) 0
seta.
jai •• la short, such it the conflict of the different Hortensia set off this morning from Seelteron.; it ia
Char. Illoodeit. 1.!... The White Chintz for I.4dies Dresses oat. to 4.tustinesi :.;.,, i.• itoterests-.-soch Ima 'add the *ant of oli- igoing to Chamberry. The Governo
of lace, near Liver-
n otiose, from two 1.• four Guineas each piece, cputornirgt Rms. J•.r mg I y 4 P ;believed she s pis .i
- three to rota Dres-es. 'Meal viiSdotn and moderation, that if it had ant been , ment of Geneva has signified to her that it is the in-
Mr. Hancock, Not- .
thigh:ma 1 ' ;Inc this distraction of their views, occasioned by •the ; tention of the Diet not to allow her a longer abode
sr, t. t escape of Bonaparte, them "(sold have been the at.' in Switzerland: David, 'the painter, has returned to
"rIIIE TII UST li E \ most (tenger civil n3ll, in this country. lam afraid' .Franeratv
...
Art id' Perna/won, . _ .. ... -
. these May Mgevconausetions at ao tery dieeint ris the.stight of the 6th, the cold was very severe,
• rotor on Alennbos ,
-cto u to Pcle•ll..k . pei-tati.•
• . ... , - iiipi:-.•. t,. ' • • hatkibuCi semi, has fallen upon Mount Jura.
La. herrb% rive
.... , . forpersons,
' 4; As Nanarargi, limen and the steighbotee- ' 11'• suspected of 1.....4....
,k. set-wry- 'Li the
. .
LI t Ilef oid 1 la. Co 1410, lOLA "esti/log state, If the torsi . s:s. Valieyees, have been arrears'.
•be mid Cowl
`.:R Pear at liie Lions be— i5100....1, and "'A_ AWrifirat times' is' :.,7,--,ggaLai%-otivaa.-tc.,.....4,, 'Amnesiac., Aimed ay kis
• hussia.n• rel.. is ; for some y tsars, its future prosperity is certain. At pre. lifijest), the Emperor, at Paris, has been published
1111 e .r niree,:tir,
Iv° the war taxer in that town are so highs•that allottrl here; It orders, that its the.deportments which make
.I,er give Nu ... .
, inercbinfs talk
.of settling isi Alton's.- However, the I. part of the -government of Lombardyaa.levy shall
w •autie d,s..
si term of 1
'l4 W, no 1 a
"I ' Ilamhurgheli have much rea*°" to be satisfied with.- be made of 6,178. men, taken from the cunseription
• TOLL I) . NT., the d Tisiens of the Congress." • - • • ,of the years 1813 and 1816.
'row .tor AI 0 ••R<6 Tat Rectos,' MitacuiPt's" This piper, on'aer • They write* frotit Turin, that the Government tie
the Weigl 41"
1" count of the great liberty which it has aide use of sequestrated:the national- and ceciesieetkol estates,
he ti..m.• aaores he- .
f 0,4 1 ,r Nor,,,n, ' against some Governments, has been prohibited in which B4Maparte hadgiven to Prince Camillo Borghese
red, tin III" fI" i"g - Diver-is and other Ssates.—Rosh senseless policy .by way of payment for the collection of the works of
she ex
coil "11% Inc only makes it the more sought after. Mr. Geerrest art in-leis villa .at Rome.'
il.llO the Editor, was at first protected by Stein ;at pre- ...
. - SoT/ sent lie writes under the piotection of liardenberg
• buj
Jo and Metternich, and also, it is amid., of Prince
such other Blocher, or rather of Illucherr's chief prop. General
"51"111Gueisenau. These are many excellent essays in
. lir, I this I'aper, though theirttister part are below mesh°.
lcrity."

• to
.\

1 `,..,-

1.

I

Ji

~y` _.`•

.1

'~

an, we wader:turd) h expected

/

.EZZ.

~.,.

THE STATESMAN.

Buckiogitam•hire.• 4ttr: It; 113]

PRIG; tit TrocitS
8,11.
;.ei Cent. Red. !Ad
pPt Ce.k. Com. 569
4 'per Cevt..7l
5 ;..n. Cem. Navylti

STA

LO D!/'

-

1111)A AUG l's'

- - -.- -
-.. . • ,
BO N.lP4lttl. witted to his descendants ; and the 'dominion 4 the which .the peiThidAtf this sosetry were wont to treat
—ese--- ... Hope of ilau..ver )4PoW (itl Shit_ case) havelteen the French people with contempq!..end call theist
TO W I 1.1.1 A M CotillnTT; ESQ. coolitied Ina portis.r ofi.the barren heatliti of West- slaves. This is alsethe groernd Of that resistance set
flu,--In Your ninth Letter to Lord CASTLERRA‘n, plialin. Lot that llotme hereon it rejoice that the law op by oar ancestors to so many if our Kings.—
which Itemise read with no common feeling, is a pas- • was triurnphaet, Seiler i
.130 .peeple of this country :lama' 11., Cnater.sM 1., ittcnano 11., &WARD 11.,
Sac" o.i which I will take leave to comment—not pray night and morning that the law of Eiigland may and Kim Joey, all wanted to substitute their own
with a view to add any forte to your argument,. .11"°!"...°4° girmilla"OPilh to break the, backs of any.. arbitrary will iu the place of this communes sponsio,
Kings or Ministers who shall (Late to X resale with it. or common will of the people. They would have
.
which is complete and irremistibie, but to indulge
IV. •are void by fliturort,thut the_King eau do nothing ;wittiest England upon the very mime principles
rnyeelf and the readers of the Srtie.s.e.tar in the re col. in the land except that which the law enables him that the But:wawa have governed Frac ce for Ctn.-
tectlan of ceftalteltriilWlAabe fir ifiltrch.tteralteestfirs' to do--IYlAitildlerter tin Terris nisi id quad de furies, and will again govern it, if allotted to reign
. ,
were ever ready to shed !kir. 0410, 'out which .U_lsf, poterf—whictuvand constitufitnuti maxim even there. This they *milli have done, if nor ancestors
trust are yet dear to the hearts ne many E„gliahmen„ the courtly 131,Stksrozrx; himself has copied into hie would have permitted it ; but theirloyallA tkat is,.
You say le the letter above mentioned, 66 If I am book. Yon, Ur: 'Coast:vs, remark, that there is their ittachttwut to the law, would not permit it.—
. Ito law to authorise theAraThisporting a matt from the They preferred shedding the last drop of their blond
right, in my opinions as to the law of this case, how I iouni., r
oboson fur life, without a trial. I remark in defence of the Lot amid the Constitution.. Had
are any of as to know that we are WO Hero is 4 I that there is la* aectiost it, and I quote this maxim these English Kings,
,_ I a these JAMEsES, CIiARLE4E.P,
man transported without trial, without any. law to rof Buactosr, re-echoed by 131,sclistura, that the iticitaens, Enwaaaa, and Joites lived in the Pre-
' atithotize ths; id.' And if wit moo can be so treated I King can do nothing'but what the law allows him to sent times, they would have been the friends of their
at hy not another maul It does not signify who the I do. Does the law allow the King to dispense with brothers the BOURBONS, and staunch upholders of
• man Is, or what Chas been. In the eye of the law the Trial by Jury ? Have the people of this coi Is. the ITT syltem.—Not one of them would have sub-
try
driven the Manse .
. Onae of ornelyr trom the Throne miffed to the will of the peOpte in the way that
be Is a mere wren, who was in the county of Devon,because they would be masters o. tie lass, will omaeaure as done—slot one of them would
i f and 11 b d
end u•ille Courier tells me, has been transported they now allow a dispensing power to their sue. have voluistatily relinquished a Crowd as he
t-orn that county beyond the seas without a trial:— censors? If the Ministers of Genece 111. can dic- did, in obedience to the wishes of a people, ar-
pense with the Trial by Jury in any case, they are dently attached to him, but apprehensive of ruin Now if one matt can he transported from theestenty
of D von why not -another ; why trot any man ?--
as absolute masters of the lives anti properties of the from the consequences of that attachment. To rescue
:
' people of England as ever J %Dias I I desired to be France from the most powerful Confederacy that was
Whi say more trial' previous to transportation?"— le r •- . • • • • • -
. he espersum liegune, the supremacy of the avail- ever formed against the independence.of,sa free
Is would he like adding water to the sea to attempt Mika would be then st an end—for in that case the peteile, BONAPARTE sacrificed his own personal
g'sitic ashliiional force to this argument. But Eng- hire would be cast down, mud brnOen.backed, and power and grandeur. The Allies declared that their
li theme ought usurer to forget that one of the grand trodden under foot,instead of breaking the backs of its hostility was not against the French nation; but
.01tieela or Mae.. Charts, rhea it was in force, was, •Plifilielits• Our ancestors have et er been ready to against him. Theycharged him with insetiableambition,
. shed their blood for preserving the Government of he conflated that charge by a voluntary renunciation
to bar the possibility -nraity man being punished in •
law..
toinsure to themselves and their posterity this of his wer. "Ishev promised that they would not
'Thiel country without a trial, whether he were a nits inestimable benefit they e'stablisliiht Magna Cluts— Wet fetepo in the domestic Government of Frame if
elite of the country or not. The only difference in and when the perjured JOHN broke that Charter, he were otil removed, he-abdicated, and than called].
this revert was, that if he were a native lie was to they deposed him and elected Lewis, a Frenclmmi, urine them as honourable men to fulfil these pro, .
be ju,lgerl hy,twelte of his .neighbours, impartially for their King. Theirconduct on that' and similar mites. if the Allies were si .eere, the /question lax!'
select-d • and if he were a foreigner, then was the occasions probes, that the grand object of their at- between the vanity of one mar, and the.pence and
tachment was their native laws, and lint their native happiness of el millions: BONAPARTE disdaieed to .
judgement to be by A Jury, fO-if Englishmen, half fo. p •
new's. They have gone to ilollßnd, end even to gratify a, selfish saltily on such conditions. He might
reigoers; but: the ptelishment of any man without Germany, countries inhabited by people far less re- believe in the truth and honesty of the county, or he • • ^"wlaPv-
previous root ;ct ion of some crime, was, amid indeed fined, less polite any, liberal minded than the French, ' might not; that signifies nothing to the main question. After an internsptlon of tw(
is, a thing abhorrent t•s our Constitution, which is to seek for Kings, who would pay to their fees that The French uatiun contrived that the sacrifice they. arrivals from ,Fromorri. we
• imperium Legran, the empire of law, in contradis. respect which their own British-born Princes did not asked of him would prove the salvation of the cows. papers of Monday shit' Tees&
pay. I wonder where they would now go were the. try ; and he abdicated in deference to their opinion; but little to relieve public tinctien to tin, of force. The forty-eighth article of -
'same necessity to recur; were the same circumstances ' not his own. It has been confessed by our Ministers
the once great Charter says, 66 to no man will weed!, Of happen again witichjustieed the change made by our : that he was still master of great resources at the time "fiel points to which it is.
delay, or refuse justice." It does not say to no- ancestors in 1688. What her given a legirimiste title to !of his first abdication, although Penis was taken ; of France is studiously concea,
Englishman, but to no man ; and immediately follows. the Heine of Hanover would, I Presume, give a legiti. ; but at the period of the second, the Allies had. games that prey on the bowel?
a clause promising " safety and security" to all! mate title to another man, ander similar circumstances., : scarcely penetrated into France: his resources then •to i
e bursting of an eruption of
forei n merchants who were the owl fore ners I even though be were a .I.renclimen• Oar ancestors ! must have been far greater. It has been said that
g- - •
, y ig
I did not give a preference to Geoacie I. because he • artifices were made use of to make BONAPARTE be-
; and the countless atrocities,
then known amongst us; and it is added, that if was a Haaeveriatt, nor to WILLIAM lII.' because he : lieve that the Court 6( Vienna was favourable to the'. remorseless acts of rapine, wit
they shall happen to be of a country at war with us, was a Dutchman. Nor was their object proximity , succession of his sop, and Ido not wonder at his horrors, which lay waste tis
they shall be attached, but without ;Diary to their •Okiodred to the family, tote unhappily reigning—if : believing it, far Cetlehtlf bat had experienced that in- face of nature, di `isielli,
bodies or goods, until it shall be known to our Cbieflit bad, they would not have gone to Ilinover, hut to ; term and ambition had more sway over the politics flames of revenge and air, reign
France or Savoy. What then was their object ?, of that Court than. the ties of nature, and such a pro.
Justice how the merchants of our land are treatedlout that devoted land. taw
i It was to preserve in the country the ancient sbori. jest was calculated to gratify their interest and their i
who shall be found in the country at war with us.' . .• . . . •
tent! Government of LAW, .which they saws plainly !ambition. Some people doh not scruple to say, that the character of the age in w!
From heuce it is plain that no man, whether uative• could not be maintained Kitimat a:Chief Magistrate 'his abdication and his surrender were the erects of be hid for ever ! But that is !
'or alien, was to be subject to the discretion of the : who would be content to be' its simple eretwor ;tposillanimity) if not of cowardice; but such notions ! It appears the Cot:Minis:wpm
Executive Power; but that ail who trod this free Soil ' who would, in a word, follow the rule laid down .do little credit to the understanding of those who u ~,
nvernment to watch over -
. were ,to enjoy the protection of English law. Pro-' by BRAETON, and do nothing in the land but : hold them. These people look no further than the
seeding in your remarks you say,. * c Had an Att nr: that which the law v.f the land allowed him to i tzterior display of power. 'They respected the force are one after another giving
. - • 1 do. In short, the Smets were rejected, and the i they saw BomapAnrc wield, much more than the' gest. That Pollens's remm
Parliament been passed to atehorite this deed, we , Ilanoveriasts received, because the one would not be 'lletoderation with which he used it. When the their wonted effect, is nowi•
• slight have criticised the act of Parliament,".—we might so restricted, and the others were. cout to receive ', Mightiest Sovereigns in Europe fled before him he
,porising policy has not yet is
• s—lood!—wo might have criticised it with art extreme . the. Crown ender that condition rider that i was something in their estimation ; but to speak .
degree of severity and justice ; ney, „, roes i,..,.' condition is it now held. I may hid slay, it at. frankly my seetimenta, lie did not stand so high in course to that engine which
questioned the competency of Pediment to pass such I wsys was se held ; for though we bait, had many my esteem then, as he does now. The victory that plied an effectual counterpoif
an het t for, is it not the fundamental law of this
depositions, both before and since the Norman Con. he has lately obtained over himself is, in my idea, solate his unhappy country,
hod; that an Aet of Parliament made contrar , quest, as it is vulgarly but falsely called, set none the greatest of all his victories ; and he has more rea- defence of their just rights
' y yto of them were the result of unlawful rebellion, but son to be proud of it, than of that influence which his •
'Magna Cltdrta shall be, ipso Jude, null and void?.. i were brought about for the maintenance of lawful conquering sword once gave him over the destitties of that most horrible of all
Aug, air. did not our virtuous ancestors for many ' authority. The Englishnationdid not by their Curope. Certainly he may be charged with abusing beyonet, and the will of to
, gen,,,nlionn pour cut, twice a year, their moat hitter rigid adherence to the 00%ERNMENT or Law depose , that influence: but I feel regret itt accusing him of %visit!h' the Sovereigns who
matedirtions against all men, of whatever rank and
any of those Kings; for they were adinitted to that an error which he himself his had sufficient noble- Europe from the tyranny of
. '
office on ccnitlitioe that they would govern by : ness of mind to avow ; and where is the mortal condition they might be, who should frame, P"' • law. This every King of England must swear to be found that would not have been puzzled and `'f establishing in the capital t
pose, or pass any law contrary to the great Charter to do at his Coronation; in consequence of which led astray amidst such • blaze of glory Still let it ; France. .
of our liberties ?—Further, Sir, is it not evident the people swear allegiance to him; but the Saxon be remembered, thatif, like ALEXANDER, he sighed' In addition, to. the confirm,
0,1 the Representatives of the People are sent to law PP, that the King must shear first ; and also after fresh coequests, it was not for the sake of con. ' fresh troops continuing to peal
it says, that the people are not bound by their oath signing to endless captivity the Monarchs he con- '
Parliament for the express purpose of maintainingplete by their virtuous exempt
to the King unless the King keeps his tothein. This quered.
those liberties ; and that the People never did give,
is the language of the Constitution, and it is moreover After having thus frankly avowed that I hold bear, the plans of the Congret
or meant to give, any authority to those Delegates
-the langeage of justice and common sense. It fol.'
13oxaraterc in the highest esteem and veneration for ittlP6^ll-and destruction- of
for the purpose of subverting or infringing them ? lowa, that if a King breaks this compact lie deposes , that very conduct which has lowered him in some . iii that the very germs of civi
consequently, if they should pass an Act having himself: by his-own act lie abdicates, that is, he re. - folks's imbecile, it will be proper that I should say dependence, it is announced
tiounces his Royal office and authority, by doing take /do so. It is because the principle on which he I • such a tendency, it would be a manifest viola-
what is incompatible therewith—mid hence the old has acted is exactly the same as that which sonsti- 1 . .
Lord very basis English Constitution. troops of that worthy and
Legitimate Sovereigns, FEW
tion of the trust confided to them. All this neght
0 hiah the Rev. SAMUEL Jonesots and lutes the
. have passed the Bidassoa, at
lime been said, and justly said, by honest men, sii: ssim'
SOMERS revived at the time of the Revolution, that . We have seen by the foregoing remarks that liberty
friends to the Constituthm and their country, op. 4. he aa e e lthe something more than a King by law, consists. in Government by Law. And we have also ' deavours to ravag
Sovereign Ie the plains
••
fnigning such an act. Yoe go on—" There woold makes himself no King at all." In fact, this doctrine seen that law derives its sanctity net from the force '
is fit path for their
means, he f t ' according to report, t-
done. then hsve been law for what is said to have been is as o!d as the Salmi law, which positive') declares, of the stetted, but from being the expression o
done. As things steed there appears to be no law that if a King will not govern by yew, bestial! not even Common Will. "They are ori(y lies (says HooKEIt),
for ie"—No, Mr. Coearrv,
there is-no law for it ; bear the name of King, nix numew Regis in Ect Ewa. which the consent of the people make h." sucA councils to those of the regenerat,
it is a lawless act. your remark is, indeed, very stabil: and that this notion was common among the sentiment which perfectly agrees with the co'nmunis ! Of the effect produced or
but Sir, permit - lioglith after the Norman accession is obvious, not spool° of littacTost, and which Sir Witaadtat JONES - France by the efforts of the Go,
just, itist their. is no 14 u: for it ;
tee to •II ton, taut there is law against it. Law ! ' only from the depositions before adverted to, but, has well expressed in his admirable Ode:
of suds vital (wee and efficncy, that it has foiled also from the reply of the Prior of Clerkeitwell to ! ee Ant Sovereign Law, that State. collected Win." spirit of resistance to these mr
and triumphed over several of oar Kings. An old ilrsoty 111., who intending to intimidate him, said, ! Now it was the will of the State that made Boma- whatever is said.
writer emphatically observes, that "no man ever i 64 What !am not I your King?"—" Yes," replied PARTE ElltilPgllr—itot for his sake-rot is gratify ! The death of L
—AREOOTERE
yet wrestled with the Law of England, hut that it • the Prior, 64 whilst you govern according to law, but ' his perennial vanity—but for the sake and the welfare Jacobins in this • ' . 9
of the French ss.stion ; and when that welfare : dwell with the most ferocious
ts country, not
eventually broke kit back." The book (allude to is no longer."
re re..
leas stained" for ever the saint,:
Turner'. Banker's Case, a hook of authority, writ. I have thrown these remarks together, in order to ' quired his abdication, it 'Was his duty, as well as his
ten in the lime or co 4RIES li. The writer had just explain the spirit of our ancestors—to show that • highest glory, to obey. Some people there are who
b .- -
seen Lord ',ir tt %realm 4;restle with thelaw; and though their patriotism and their loyalty consisted in an in. : think nothing of this heroic act 4 because they set no ~France a theme of universal
that wicked Mieister dared to say, when sitting as a vineible attachment to the law. How strangely value on the principles of our Constit • moon. They not to have been followed
J Age iii .he lii4h Commission Court at York, that i sometimes words are perverted from their right call it pusillanimity; but with me it is ' the higheot sequences, Which might, .per,
" the little fio,Ter of the KING mil heavier than the sense! - Loyalty now means an attachment to the proof of niagssanimity.—it is a proof with me that , .•.•
•
loins of the LAw," )et the Lew eventually broke his person of the Prince ; but it is derived from any Bow teAstre possesses moral courage i prehendol.,. Grounds for aft
n as high a .
back; by-the by,', no punishment was ever morejust (law), and anciently meant an attachment to the Law degree as he does personal bravery.—lt is a prom • -
, nut to be manifested, and midi
titan Svitarrino's, though it did not become and constitution, Let us hope that the British 11a. with me that his ambition is Dotof
that selfish kind ' seturity are deemed necessary
Citeeies to inflict it, who suffered, its his tarn, an titan *ill always have sufficient loyalty to contemn which only seeks alnan's own gratification, and la ; Allies. It is noticed, theta gr
excess of punishment. There was law in abundance the conduct of those who id it -is ringe the law, even in justly denominated a vice ; hut that • •
of that no. ,continue to arrive in Paris •ft
for Cifaitt.s.s's deposition, but none for his de- the treatment of an enemy 1 The people would, in- ble and laudable species
which
prompts a great mind ,
capitation. This learned and eloquent writer had deed, be divested of common sense, if they did not to desire distinctiun only as the due reward Loire. Many of these soldi,
of pub. ; .
just seen Citaairs and his two Ministers, LAUD and see that by suffering the law to be infriaged against lie service, and is properly .e 'd tssemselwes. with the slew army
onst ered, not as el
STRAFFORD, wrestle with the law, and had beheld an alien, they establish • precedent for in infringe- vice, but as a virtue.—fwilladd, -
a rirtite that will I mingling witb"the citizens. TI
the Court, conformable, indeed, to what it had been i :went against themselves, be its own reward, g cheerin th
e gloom of captivity; is stated to prevail in the arm,
in former reigns, as that of RiCRARL. 11. EDWARD H. I I must again refer to litiacvcor, in order to show with the divine rays of self con
Joint, &c.; but lie died before that grand con. what this law is, which coustitutes the very essence of people again there are, w I gratulation. Some! great number' of Ise o L ft.eers as
t
in wou,kl Have had Bum t. I
diet which brought about the Revolution.— , our free Government. Law, says he, is the com. PARTE maintain the 1 unwitting to serve under the ba
contest to them lest,. end, w hen' •
The last man who wrestled with the law of England ' molt will of the eoromoohy. Lax est eontmuois all means failed, Inketi I •
us quietai front.p*.istol I Marshal- Pisy has undergo/
was Jaws 11., and a hard struggle it was whether : spontio republics. When a minis punished in Eng- Now, hail he done this, he would . ' . '-.."7
have.tuelltied iu interrogatories, and the ruilari
.the -King or the law should be uppermost. The law, land it is by the common wilt, and net by the my opittion, the aspersions that Ism beeu. '
ilinviever, prevailed, and J 1 glkg lost his dispenaing . ap of the Prince, es was the case dui. upon him here in Faigheitt he ' '
throw* hint. Morevictims air:talked 0!
w re greeppitot
-lid his Cretan together. lied Jamas been hog the reign of those Booations'whom we liars re- been taken to represeist le ' . lone `LAT 02 ea Mumma, and i
oo u .a tualsof lit side
Ise with the law, in the case ef. the Seven stored in Fritter, and who never-will teat seat till ambition.' Such men regard only the .....,,,,,,,.„,°,,4 fallen intcat he hands of the Philli I'
s Ines,
mold Noe been 3lasterof the law, and by they ISt* retarded to the old principles of their Go. of their own selfish pessions, ictuf b-",..riti""Pl"°V
master of the lives and properties of the sernmenl• This is what constitutes-the theorem* obtain that, die, „„t ~,, brave.
men,..."...! tint I.4""ei bete sent•to Saari:whit ti I
under
int- for want of officer of Police, and the latter
laud; e hich power be would have trans. between liberty sod slavery. —This is the ground on real fortitude. As be:LtraitTL has acted, he has I
Ihik . auLanne and cent to Dentel in

discovered an intrinsic great
the diJcient did not common'
loss of that dignity take it
We have no example in out
fiat as that recently made II:
Hooch will—the only thing
declaration made by ALiaco
were everted 64 by the appt.
for he did not dare le do ii other.
(mint. that the royal potter
of the people ; but it comes
Notary renunciation of po'
opinion. I apprehend that
temporary with linMAPAltieE,
hi, conduct, but I very mi
other King of Engfend w
would It here been to, this
had. a been granted to perw
many respects, seem to brea
immortal Patriot.—l Amite

Art: - • • 'Malts
Whom
....86tortifiurgh
• "
• 0 '' ilamburgt.
0
I a }Hiner
1 ...... Malta

oti*lver, pre'
'Power sod his
atble to &Teo'
Li tit..quPtsco
opte of Enf.:l
164111111111.

ellssotiof4rm.tlantdx °
, •
tticate it, neither. I
away.
~
our history of suck..
to the
t that a itin (inches it
go iob n tut n!
prattoe 111
otheriiiie." If ere rsa
✓ was subordi.nte to
es very far short of k
Wet in nbotitoilee fo
tt
t if ALettiT2 had
E,fie aoutd 114 ,i)prc
tucti doulit whether
roattil. floor r 01.,,„
'nation Jr a free 4,1,L
Toon, whole Cowijr;
area the the spirit
in., be.
I'OlO7llY Utak
• • ..
• • -. .
• .
Surge ............... 'll
tirgt, ...........
t 4 •
•
..... ..... .
...... . 4 .•
•
DAY AT 044
4.44. Ann 14/
I,!dui bond. SI 4
Excbouret 446144
thonnun
&Alan. Ca Ace. 55ii
7•ESMAN
•
ON:
ST '25, 1815. .
wo days to the erten I
him received the pr;
Amin), last. TheytN
.1
awskety en the mous 'i
directe4l. The realm :1
icealed. But the Loa
Of France, and threat 1
of the most dreadfulte t
I. the eseassinatinns,t
with all their concetait
that couetry, stain mi
Titivation, and feed
reign not the lessth
oppy for the world.
which we live, could! .1
impossible.
loners appointed by a
the issues of the "'tea
up their charges is its .a
onstrances should fail
sae surprising. flit t t•
induced bins to base . t
alone would-Anse
ise to (he evils which
, and armed millionth
and .propertiss; agent vi
laws, the law ef tit
the ferocious commit,
. went • forth to deliver hl
. one man; seem debirsa ai
cud in every proem. II tIA
P'
•tnatlons we have had el '4ll
oar into France, to cow fn
Iples and the chainithei
ass of Vienna for thew!). it
the French empire, a oh
ril liberty and mental in. MI
I that the Spaniards, la of
enlightened ally of lb
RDINAND the abhorred,
and are adding their m
s of France,- and mak
th
to the capital, wltreit
to add the benefit ofd In
[aerators of Europe!
on the public mind it I
Government to crush
el
multiplied evils, nothil
sae
:, on which the gamic'
raw in Ministeriall pl•
us pleasure, and 160
ly robe of Lows, hit
regret ; but it IMO
by any of those eon•
erheps, have been
farm, however, rood"
ditional_ precautions for
'y by the troops a sit
treat ,number of seisi er.
from the army of lb'
hers are -incorporating 1
ty, and others are al'"
The most perfect order ,
n y of the Loire, but ti
ire said to have left if,
banner of the Eiffg•
;one some preparstnti
re is already crying co
of. The patriotic Pot:•
rinakroltaU, hare tdsri
Matinee. The forma
..the escort ore Eussil
er has been arresfei 't
in.charge of a
