• JUN-BURGH MAIL. -
Stn. 21.—Yesterday evening by Vat
e
jleilti...the Empress Maria, arrived here in gaol
health, accompanied by the Graud Duke Constan-
tine, who went to meet her. The City, and the
britilge over the Vistula, were finely illuminated,
to-day the Civil Authorities, the Generals and Offi-
cers, end also the Ladies, will be presented to her
Majesty. The Vice-Roy gives to-morrow a great
ball, lh honour of her, out of the City, at Lazleick,
in Ike Royal Sommer Palace, and the day after to-
Morrow the City gives a ball in the Town-hall.
ST!PErvasisonair, SEPT. 12.—Twenty millions of
ioubtes bare been already received towards the new
loan. •
To complete the Resales army and navy, a levy
of recruits is ordered throughout the whole Empire,
in the proportion of two recruits from every 400
males, Instead of recruits a sum of money wilt be
adeepted.
Irtereta, SErr. 19.7—Greet preparations are mak-
ing in the Castle of Pragee, fur the reception of her,
Majesty the Ethpress of Russia, mother of the
Em-
peror Alexander, who, on her way to Weimar, in.•
tends to pass several dip at Prague, and also toalpt
some stay there on her ietern.
LowEtt ELIE, SEPT!..2B.—The Barbary Govern-
ments are again beginning to make considerable sr-
filaments to exercise their piracies. The Spanish,
Government has received news from Algiers, which,
leave no doubt of it ; it even seems as if the pirates
will in future no more respect the flags which for
some time have not been exposed to their attacks,
and thitt they are prosecuting with doable zeal the
measures which the plague and their iuternal dissen-
sions had for a time suspended.
Though it seems that the Spanish flag has nothing
4;0.16, precautions against their attacks are however
is bifirmed that negociations to this ef-
fect, have been ,opened in London : it were to be
WishWthat their results might be as speedy as the
dang 4 is imminent.
Meats tidte,, pfee is carrying on to overturn the
Goverumint• Or Tunis by Means of a descendant of
a certain Aly Bey, who' was taken, and beheaded by
the Algerines In 1757,, when thery conquered Tunis.
The Pretender affirffie that hi Ise friends in the
neighbouring Suttee, witio only wait frit his arrival
to receive him' with open arms, and to place him on
ithe 'throne of his fathers. He has already gone to
Oviliffiliriti train; 2000. Ttirks and a numerous
Mal) cavalry, commanded by the Ages Errol
the 'Any of Constantini, are shortly to join him. It
is iteill:ktiown that piece and friendship have long
subsisted between Algieri and Tunis, and the latter
GOvirement has done all` it could to preserve the
good will df' the Dey of Algiers by presents. Neier.
tbeleoe the Algerines enter the Tunisian territory as
enemies, without a previobi declaration of war.—
The plague has at length abated its ravages. The
mortality is now from five to eight persons daily.—
The' Dey, whose niildeess is still praised, is going
te lend an Ambassador to London, " to tie still
Ciiia*r the bodda of friendship at present subsisting
with Greit Britain, and.probably to request the neu-
t'rality of Grist Britain in the new piracies which
are intedded." This is singular, Great Britain, like
tither European States, has concluded Treaties with
Algiers, 'Tools, &c. which it maintains, as Lord
ExmOuth's expedition proves. It is not stipulated
in' (hem that it is to be the champion of other Skates
there Las every where else—the word is, " Help
yousiself,"• or establish legal' relations by• treaties ; or
jeln `4l(th such as are stronger, if you have ,not
,stiettith enough to protect'yoerielf. •
If ilie'..,Euglitht who' are. pert of the European
FattillyViritteok reierits those who have a mind to.
jolnt"tV'thein there is in the Mediterranean an
Amerlairi stliadion, with which.commoo cause may
rte nitide; or rather arrangements .agreed upon, for
protection against the pirates. Nothing bas yet
friospired respecting the eqeets of die step-lake('
subject by the Diet atYrankfcirt:
'.4 • r
• . FRENCH PAPERS. •
-t, •
PArt'll, Orr. 2.—The King is in perfect health,
imel'it was expected that his Majesty would 'go' out
eliee Mass,' but the multiplicity of affairs did alt
Hermit him to make bli pottiest& tad a' o%kt:it
horses was ordered. ''
• Coent Hanterive, who, in the wheerret of the Duke
de Richelieu, undertakes the office of Minister ft;
Feseigsv Affairs, is arrived, to take a shire in his
jeety'S liboars.
- The :bate of Luxembourg has taken, at nodo, the'
Service of Captain of the Guards. . ;
• French-Fonds—/4 f. 95 c.

aintt►, sErr. dsy after the disgrace of
(beau-est Ministers, Messrs. PiserroiiGarayoiad Fi-
,gueros, all the Foreign Ambassadors. and • Ministerir
at our Courcereartniloes to visit 'the view Minikler
for Ildreige Affairs, to'compliment bile rid fits niWhi-
•nstion;land•to find out if; after the event whittifiis
issetitlmr Wade, toy change is'to berapprehended'ins
•,the 'Stations now 4mi:6k:between the Cabinet be
'Madrid And thase•of foreign-Goorii. • • !;'•••
-fThe Marqui•s-of Casi.lsujo give them all% melt
distivtgaished reception; essaying' them; on tbittpatlef
the King, that the determination to 'which 'his- Ma.
jesty.batt come sith regard'td three of his Ministers,
referred-exclusively to the!perficolskaffalrs of Spain,
!And was to have no sort of influence on the political 1I
I system hitherto adopted aid pursued by the Spittish
Government relatively to other Powers; that dis.
patches to this effect had been already transmitted'
to his Majesty's Ambassadors at the several European
Courts.; and ttit, he was particularly charged to iu-,

in his atrial,i a wth t vet rest acclamations.
.• 1 h
• The Emperor of Rada:appropriated etclasivet
ito his sister the Queen of Wirtemberg the short me 4
iments of his stay here. The Moment of his arrival,
he. went directly to the hoese of the Princess, and
it wes no.t until two hours after, that he went to the
residence that was prepared for him. His Majesty re-
mained bete a short time, and immediately returned
to the Queen his sister, with whom he passed the
ev#ning.
The Emperor only received Prince Charles of
varia, the Hereditary Prince of Hesse-Homburg, and
Pritice Christian of Denmark. His Majesty sisited:

,ke Palatine, the reigning
Duke of Oidenburgh, and Prince Charles of Bavaria,
after which he went to dine with his sister. This
Monarchappeered extremely sensible to the rfcep.
tion he met with here. His Majesty sets out at nine
o'clock to-morrow, sill breakfast at Biebricii, dine
at Bingen, and'sleep at Coblentz. On the 28th, he
ill, arrive at Aii4a-Chapplfi:.
The King and Queen of Wirtemberg will set out
for Sqlogard, at eight o'clock to-morrow, the anni-
vassal,' of his Majesty's birth day.

fund,
efnotr ofre .tehreecClo :gra nt-htee -hstaaatue6eotineoedr eilt!iche!n•ciezhcseesitp..7ayt
Cognac, in which.town he slits-born. Another mh.
ntlinhut is about to be erected to the Prince of
FONDE, who was killed at the battle of Jarnac, is
1569. The French Five per Ceats. left g 0 04
Thursday at 74 f. 85 c;
Ireland, that has been so often deluded by a false
show of justice and regard to her interests on thr
part of Administration, appears at present fondly.
clingleg to the prospect of some tort of emincip„.
,ftom lb* change that bas taken place in
'lthhoUgit els*wece aglirweAsly part of the
ive that Government;
ee It
oapneed
will set be speedily gratiSed to WE watt they
ought, it. b eertainly not without reason that the
Irish People look for. an important alteration.—
The Ministry of the, ascendent evidently foresee a
stotm, if not abresd, .at home, and they are can.
niag *sough to endeavour to provide against it. The
sentiments of the Irish nation are unchanged, they
are moving simultaneously and progressively
,to.
wards freerlotn—their demand for Emancipation
and Reform is becoming irresistible; justice is its
powerful ally, and time is working its accomplish.
meet. Ministers foresee a crisis. While there wet
safety in withholding justice from Ireland, it was
withheld—the reign of bigotry is now no longer
tenable, and, by the symptoms, it would appear that
of conciliation is about to commence. We earl:mitt'',
wish that these appearances may not prove as fella•
cious as the rainbows hung out by PITT and CASTLE-
REActi. But the People of Ireland have it in their
power to avoid the consequences of deception; it it
their duty to persevere until they get the substance,
not to lose the recollection of their rights and their
wrongs in, the rapture Nicked by the fleeting pita°.
torn of liberty which a few, fair professions and
warm imaginations have created. The voice of
all nations is now raised for freedom ; the Despots
that would keep Europe in eternal chains, though
thermal assemble ,to,digest their pleas for coercing
the imam mind and continuing the reign ono,:
scription and intolerance, cenQot continue the ipso.
list system, upless men will ignotnisiously and wfil.d
ingly bend their necks to the odious yoke. The OOP.
Anna of the, Continent cannot be emancipateask
Great Britain continue in slavery. Will the Peetili
of Ireismixubmit to a state of restraint and degrade.
Lion that is even below the condition of those when
we have hitherto pitied ? We rejoice in the appestat
approach of a conciliatory spirit in the Government,
from whateter motive it may be manifested ; but we
rejoice still more in the determination evinced by the
Irish People to continue their exertions in the cause
of universal Freedom, and to obtain the recovery of
all the rights which they possess in common with the
human race. The voice of truth and justice hes,
triumphed over a bigoted and disgraced Admi-
nistration, and now at least the semblenceof fairness
is assumed. The appeistment of Mr. GRANT to the
Secretaryship, of Ireland, is a proof that Ministers
have found their system an injurious and inefficient
one; and it is-a SeblietUf just congratulation, that
"country whic,liisesbeeti so long cursed with Mini-
sters ignorant of its tree interests, and with 66 Marti,
unknowing how to yield," has at length obtained 0.
"pereon to manage its affairs, who already possesses
the hearts of the People. It will be seen from the
notice in another, column, of a public Dinner given
by the LORD MAYbIt of Dublin, at which the Loan
LIEUTENANT and Mr. Secretary GRANT, and
other distinguierientetitilrel characters were present,
that it is conceived. new era is shout tp commence
in the Government of Ireland. The sentiments ex.
pressed at, infltieeting deserve to he hailed with
epprotratioes.' Mr. GRANT'S fame in life is now ill,'
delibly connected with the prosperity of Ireland. Ilia
abilities are net inferior Co the task he has undertaken.
It is only, perhaps, to be regretted, that the ardent sod
ansious desire expressed to proesoteithe happiness of
Ireland, should he pieced in a deputrsituation—amt
that the same feeling should be to tittle witnessed at
the source of those Councils from whence the Ga-
vernment of Ireland takes its colour. l
The Report of the Meeting at Belfast, which no
give, will also be found to Cnniniu subjects well
worthy of attention. It is a proof that Ireland is re•
solved to freOherself from the hateful effects of the
oppressive and corrupt system that has so long weighed
her down, and reduced her to the verge of annihila.
lion. A spirit like this should not be doomed to suf.
Ifar the disappointment of hopes founded upon the
undeniable principles of justice and policy, nor sat)•
jutted to the ignominy of being ground in the mortars

of everlasting taxation.

, -

--------
ThW PRINCE REGENT has made a present of three
splendid carriages to his Nlajesty the Emperor ALEZ•
DER. They rescind Atz•la.Chapelle emit the cud
of Eepteruber.

The articles from
• 1
. - vrti E STATESMAN
~
if pressed, he would not put any nesolutios at all, vitestheir Ei • ocies to covey his Ms • iy'i reso".ek tics remains unchanged. It adds,
bellies: the report of
inestnlich Tit for Wad 0 okra oisbe viaquis*. ? latien-ofiserse ring in his sysiftM,to tit : f"PilatLi . WIC
ofan etaskacjit.lgy
placecontrarisy cohnfanaguendheday.ing
Ail-la-Chapelle in these P
IL sthe point
•In kris rietitimisatio Ilea Sose4igti was supported .Vovernmenis, ..%
ticipated through other ehaareittresls.—haLeMberPell ma
by some Gentlemen who were nett.) the (hair.. ' ;
Mr. Lawman bird Mr:iGitratiitaer lhen'sezpress, The rspeditimi\which is preparing for JPimerica..4__ 1.
ed their hope that the Meeting, would object to any sits most: considirable that hat been indi;ria keti
. . o
since the commencement of the contest with the an,
,Tnirelywidefr•-= - - 7 .-.7 sz,-..-...., . 7.1 numents are about to be erected to the ate
,11esnietien wboteetse, when the go,, If/
divide the room to vicertaiu on what ikkatkerstfrs . ,FRMAILII4VaiN SIM., %co... The King of Prussia ostirdaciFirreegncthhehemroiselds:
owfitihi.ethpeeovpileewfrodmteh._ditipos,
.11:77fEnriobor:
' lay. 1 el AdU imaged here sit st.vewo'Clcn.k•this morning. ' His MR.
The People retired, evidently diseppeinted-,tbaa jetty passe4 throw), the-eitystitboot,stopping. This. 10.4kra (joie;
...A4reit inventin_w
0_ .
.___
,;.
T BoilobWirlinitiv
the question of a division was not put tilt the Chain Monarch requested that no honour should be paid to cover its own imbecility. Tit P I •
The Coe 6t4erar of the tl.
It was one of the most numerous Meetings ever him. on hise eop e will hoe
'such riviiers..
. thank the GoTtrinnent trifiq-ilaT ---li'
witnessed in Belfast. - ' passage,., This, however, did not prevent
a large concourse of inhabitants from saluting him in er ng t sir money'
, f
'gin tia sartiisl_ with the/ liveliest acclamations.
