TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The Letter of " An Officer in the Navy," as to the trial of Cap-
tain IL—, is so gross a libel upon that gentleman, that we are
surprised any Officer in his Majesty's Navy could expect its
insertion in any journal whatever.

If " blaNti" will favour us with his name and address, a satis-
factory explanation will be transmitted him on the subject to
which he alludes.

" B."we have no doubt, will meet with every satisfaction he can
require, by applying to the individual of whom he couiplains.
The Pon-office alone is to blame for the delay in the delivery
of the STATESMAN.

' -

lic mind is hourly on the increase. In my last,
I stated, that more than twenty frames had becu

broken at Lenton, on Thursday evening last,
within sight of our barracks; and I now have to
state, that two others were broken and actually car.

ried away at Bobbens-mill, about a mile from thi.

town. These things, however, were but the pre.

cursors of aggressions sttli more daring a:id extensile;

for, on Saturday night, the frame-breakers passed
over the Trent, and broke twenty frames at Clifton
(leaving but two whole in the town), and fourteen at
Ruddington. An express was inimediately dispatch-

ed to this town for a troop of the Hussars,

who proceeded to the s,:eue of action with al:

imaginable speed ; and as many of the Bunny

Troop of Yeomanry, as could be conveniently

informed of the passifig outrage, were assembled.—

The. hamlets in the vicinity were alt in alarm; all
the roads and bye-paths leading to the Trent were

occupied ; and all the passages over that river, for
four miles, were guarded, and the Luddites were
considered as good as taken ; but a boat, called
Aaron's Boat, which nobody else had thought of,

•
about four miles and a half up the Fiver, was seized
by them, and they passed over in safety, fired their

pieces, and marched in triumph away The same
night a frame as broken at Baia-ell, while under
the protection of a serjeant and sit"tlien belonginglo
the Berkshire militia : the partiesl exchalard shots

several times ; but the Luddites escaped with the loss
of a shoe and a hammer. On Sunday night forty-
five frames were broken at Selsan and the adjacent

hamlets ; and the same evening, about seven o'clock,
three frames were destroyed at 13asford, at the house
of one WiLt.tAst BARNS, under the following daring

circumstances t—As three soldiers, who had the care
of the frames that night, were sitting by the fire,
with their arms resting by them,, they were instanta-

neously seized by a body of men who rushed into ilia
house; and, while a proper guard, was placed over

. .
them, two men seized their muskets and stood sentry
at the door; and, when the frames were demolished,
thetnuskets were discharged, the soldiers were Hbc,
rated, and the depredators wished them a good night,

—On Mouthy evening three other frames were

broken at the same village; and one of them
was afterwards placed at the top of the Ruund-house;

or, as it there called, the Drunkard's Chapel, where
it was left as a spectacle, and seen by hundreds, and
the wood-work was burnt in an adjoining field.—.
The same night, twenty-six frames were broken at
Catgrave, a village six miles south of the Trent;
and the depredators escaped over the Stoke ferry.
,boat, without any controul. Can it be believed,
that these things are done in the face of three regi-
ments of soldiers, eight Bow-street Officers, who
are daily ciauming as many 'shapes as Ike god Pao-
'ruts ; and a Police as numerous as it is vigilant ?
Yet this is the fact ; and, notwithstanding the seizure
of many men, it is believed that not one real frame.
breaker has been taken. Hottever this may be, it is
understood that the Bow-street runners have not
been able to obtain any information from those in
custody, though, according to report, they have held
the halter in one hand, and abundance of tempting
gold in the other. Yesterday four prisoners were
brought in by military escorts, two of whom
were persons who have had frames broken in their
houses, on suspicion of conniving at the outrages ;
and another was a poor maniac of this town, of the
name of Joust WAPLINHTQN, and who, at the pre.
sent time, Is a pauper belonging to Sr. Mary's l'a-
rish. This unfortunate wretch was brought in by a
Bow-street Officer, and about half.a-score Hussars,
with as much fury and circumspection as if they bad
gotten Bosapatert in tow. It was truly laughable
to see one of these celebrated guardians of the great
metropolis, with a wandering maniac by his side in a
cart, and whose situation, is no doubt, amended by
being taken care of, whipping and cutting along the
streets, with ten Hussars to clear the way. It is sup,
postal that WAPLINGTON had been en one of his wan-
dering excursions, and was tak n up on suspicion of
being a runnaway frame-breaker.es • •
--"161!"777. lamas: - • •
the Dublin Papers, which IttelitieeiVidlids Morn-
ing to the 28th instant, oontain part of the proceed-
ings in the Court of King's Bench Sherri:on Mon-
day last, on the trial of Mr. Klawax, one of the
Irish Delegates. The Court were •engagect princi-
pally on that day in trying a challenge made by the
Defendant's Counsel to the array of the Jury, of
which the following account is given In the Dublin
Evening Herald, of the 27th
This morning the trial of Mr. Kirwan corn.
menced in the Court of King's Bench, and this me.
ment we have been informed that the following most
unprecedented circumstance in the History of
TRIAL BY JURY--transpired
" IT APPEARED THAT SIR CHARLES SAX-
TON SELECTED A NUMBER. OF NAMI
FOR THE SHERIFF, TO BE I'LACED. ON
THE PANNEL, WHICH WERE TO TRY THE
DELEGATES.
" The circumstances that transpired, were the fol.
lowing :—The Crown Solicitor applied to Sheriff
jaucs for a Copy of the Pannel, which he refused.
But having left 1:, by accident, in his Office for
one hour, a Copy somehow found its way into the
hands of Sir CHARLES Saxton, who sent for, and had
-a conference with Mr. KEIIMIS on the arrangement
of the Jurors' names. The original list contained
116 names.—it.waa reduced to 101 ; several names
worotomposed in the list, and, some erased from

it entindy. lir 01“1111411 Sasses &waded she
Conn, but departed therefrem without giving any
',planation, ts fawn Ids ihanietsr, or the Dike of
11.1131110 Nest whose Secretary be Is, from the foul
and damning imputation of having attempted to pro.
lure a Jury of their own choice, to try the Catholic
Delegates."
It is stated in the Patriot, of the same date, " that
the Court has decided alglnst the challenge made by
the Defendant."
The signatures to the Protestant Petition are ea.
pidly increasing throughout Ireland. The Cork Ater.
cattle Journal says, "We are extremely happy to
state, that nearly one hundred signatures of the most
respectable Merchants and other Inhabitants of
this City, have already been affixed to this liberal
Document; and we have learned that Mr. examtsw,
the indefatigable sod truly seldom friend of Religi.
our Vberty, has determined to continue another
week in attendance at the club sad coffee.roems,
and also to wait on such Gentlemen as do not at.
tend the Coffee-house, to receive theta signatures."—
From the Liinerick Evening Post, we also learn,
that the Protestant Petition has been forwarded to
Lord GLxxvwortrit, in that city, to receive sign*.
tures.

i

American 'Papers reached Nord yettreday by 'ilbe
packet ifsmit New Volt, but *et ire not afros"*'
cent a date, by three by., as those received by. tile
Lydia, which arrived at Lirevposi a few days ago.—
The foilewing•articies, hewer's., respecting the pro-
gress et the revolesiain it) the Caraccas, are interest-
ing

[*.alum' GurrrE, act. 16.]
" FLOW LAGVIRA.

" Captain Hama, who *nivel here yesterday in
the asolionner Neagh lilt days from f.aguira, inform,
as tikat the independence of that province was con-
sidered as complettd. Mix INDA, who had been the
principal age•►t in this event, was very active both in
town and country. The pert was blockaded by a
Spanish frigate sad some smaller vessels ; several
Anleridtat had beta captured by them, and sent to
leeward.

" The exportation specie and copper was
prohibited.—Produce high.
" Several tinglish vessels were about sailing for
Gibraltar with those who were dissatisfied, and their
property. Frenchmen were arriving from St. Tho.
tras's and other Islands to settle. A vessel sailed
sine days before with passengers for New-York."
id BOSTON, Die. 7,1811.
NEW SPANISH REPUBLIC.

" Yesterday we received Cateecu Gazettes to
the lit November. They exhibit more the appear.
ante of free pipers than any Spanish Journak we
have before sees; alai they breathe threeghewe a
genuine spirit of Independence.----The Spanish

tortes are handled with much severity ; but they
eyes' good wishes for the triumph of the Patriot
Cause in Spain. General MIRANIDA, with a divisios
of his army, arrived at Caraccas the 9.Sth October,
from the conquest of Valencia; and was congratu-
lated by the Supreme Executive, as having deserved
m ell of the country. The Executive is composed of
RALTALAR PADRON,CHIIISTOVAL DI MENDOZA, and
JUAN LICALONA. The Declaration of Independence
had been read and recognised with pomp throughout
the Confederation. The General Congress was in
Session. All public acts are dated the Ist year of the
Independenoe; and long lists of patriotic donations
are published.",—(BoaAns Gazelle.)

Our private accounts frog► Windsor state, that
although his NI AJEsTy was considered better yester.
dry than he had been on the day before, all the Phy.
skint(' remained in attendance. The soporifics ad-
ininistered to MS MAJESTY, it is said, had not the
&Arra etfect.

Minister; hare very frequent meetings, commonly
called Cabinet Coaadls. Oa Tuesday they met at,
Mr. Putcssaa'whouse; resteedny, at two o'clock,
they mat at the Foreign Office.
The Earl and Comatose of Molex gays a grand
dinner on Tuesday, at their house its St. James's-
place, to the Mary& sad Marehioness CESTAFPORD,,I
Far, Cowl*, and soma) select friends.—ller Lady-
Ail), at tea *Meet, randied a numerous assemblage
of Nobility.
The claims of Sr WIILLIAN JILRNINGHAM to the
Pec'nle of Stallard hue bees brought wider the
ronsideratien of the Noose of Lords, sad the inves-
'itatine will pug:Wins Committee of Privileges, on
Tuesday seat.
Yesterasi, that twain Judges assembled at the
Court
roa of King's Beak sad appointed their Cir-
ciits, via.

1/11DLAPro.—Lorill Enedieveill dad Mr. Jastice Baile,y.
e'"lscilt.-14rd old Jotlee !duetted and Mr. Janine
Hesfa Bona Meedeeeid sad Mr. Jostler Grose.
)(ORTIZ/tn.-3mm7lloamos mad Mr. Jestiee Le Mame.
'"role.—Bare. Weed and Mr. Justice Lawrence.
„,
""Talta—&tres Galan aM Mr. Justice Cliambre.
Saturday next Is tie d. 7 appointed for the Judges
to htar arguments en the point reserved far their
co:isideration, in the King Tasty W ALsn.

sAdmiral a•-.
Yotmet when he resumes the command of
tleet off the Seiseldt, is to bat his flag on board
`ha impregnable, of 98 guns, instead of the Chrislid,:
The Minerva frigate, which took out Mr. FOSTER
to America, has returned, and has been pat Under
quarcnting.
By accoarsts received from St. Domiojo, dated the
23d' of November last, we understand that British
subjects and property at Port-au-Prince were Pr-
leafy safe; that PET/onto naval force was only two
brigs, one of 9.0, and the other 16 gams, the foroser
none on board, the vessel dismantled, and dye
crews discharged, His Majesty's ship Thalia
Cruising off there.

-
*

?MI gr,

Yesterday Court of Direeters tree kid at the
tad India Hess% when the Itlglat lira. Era*
Xmas' Bart. took the usual oaths on Meg spa
painted Governor of Botnbay.--The ender-menties.
edCseptains were sworn into the mmetnafid of their r♦
speedos+ ships, is t
Capitals 01. B. Tarbatti. °far Apelle,hr Bengal dintetit
at *be lilt Wafts Bewley, tar Madras sod
Capt. W. tiAltlllll, of the ship Lady arringtos,
took leave of the Court previous to departing for
Bombay and Berg''. The Juliana and Prince Its)
gent were taken up for tanevoyap in the Company's
I service.
The Magistrates and Town Council of Glasgow,
we understand, after receiving from the Committee
lately appointed by them, a Report that a renewal,
or continuation, of the exclusive Commercial Privi-
leges of the East India Company, would be highly
inexpedient, have appointed a Committee to attend
to this itoportant,and at present peculiarly interest-
ing 'abject, when broaght, under the consideration
of Parfsament.
Letters from Gibraltar, of the 9th inst. were yes-
terday received. They state that a very hard fought
action had taken place in the Mediterranean between
the Frees* frigate Pomona, and the Active, Captain
Goanon which terminated in the capture of the Po-
MOM. Captain GORDON is reported to have lost a

leg.
No further iskelligence has been received respect.
lag the French frigates now at sea. It is to be feared,
"notwithstanding the number of British ships in par-;
suit of them, that they may make some captures:
but there is, at least, every reason t. think, *it est-
ther they, bur any prize that they may oaks, wal be
able to enter .7. French port.
tarifa, though in itself an incoasiderable plate,
and thinly inhabited, is from its relative situation of
no small importance. It is seated on an entineace,
near a bay, to which it gives name, is the very cen-
tre of the Straights of Gibraltar. It is defended by a
castle iii which the Governor resides, and with old
walls awl towers of the Moorish construction. It
lies ahrmt sic !eagles W. S.W. of the osieirsied
fortress of Gibraltar.

French Pipers to the 24th have reached Sewn.—
Tbe) mention s !veral engagements between" the &us.
shins and Turks subse vent to the late Egad of the
'lurkis:i army, but say uuthing respecting a Peace
between those powers.

On Sunday nighf, a boatswain belonging to ooe
of the brigs or war in Sheerness harbour, was found
in a field adjoining the Blue Town, with his threat
cut from ear to ear.

Many of the inhabitants of Hamilton have long
been known as celebrated ice-players, and the late
frosts have afforded them much amusement at that
auci,nt game. It is customary once a-vear for a
party of curlers from one quarter of the town to
play against another. This borupeil took place on
Thursday, the 16th instant, when 14 persons met on
the Loch belong to the town, and an excellent game
was played. Such was the interest displayed by bath
parties, that they played upwards of three hours to
the alleles in water. In the evening the party dined
together in the Hamilton Arms Inn, where the night
was spout with that jollity and mirth which always
characterise curlers.

A cormorant, in the shape of a man, near Sand-
both, Cheshire, last week, for a small wager, ate (by
measurement and not by weight) a pudding 16 inches
long and fire broad !—N. U. He is a member of a
sick club.

Romroao, ESSEX.—Several attempts have been
made in this town and neighbourhood to break into
houses : the shop of a principal grocer, and the
Clergyman's house, Mere attempted ; and many ill-
looking fellows have been found lurking about in the
middle of the night, in Gentlemen's grounds.—
There was an attempt made on Friday night last, to
ro► the premises at Furze House, the residence of
111,r. Kelly, of the Barrack Office; a man was seen.
crawling under the front windows, but from the
noise of a dog, and some poultry, kept during the
frost in the green-house joining the house, the family
were alarmed, and a blunderbuss was fired from the
windows, on which the villain matte off. A few
nights ago, a man. stealing poultry, was shot through
the arm. The neighbourhood seems to be on the
alert in all quarters, and it is to be hoped the vil-
lains will be discovered. Almost every house is now
armed.

FEMALE RISOLUTION.--.-OD Monday se'nnight,
John Bunton was committed to the City Gaol, at
Norwich, by J. H. COLE, Esq. Mayor, charged
with burglarionsly entering the premises of Messrs.
Aggs and Co. in the parish of St. Clement, on
Friday se'nnight, in the night-time, and stealing
therefrom a quantity of twist cotton. The discovery
of this robber was effected under circumstances which
manifest singular resolution, where perhaps it might
least be expected, namely, in a female. The con-
ductor of the manufactory, Mr. Strike, has a daugh-
ter, who superintends that department which is per-
formed by women, and sleeps in a room adjoining the
factory. On the above evening he was awakened
by a noise, evidently proceeding from some one who
had broken into the premises, when hastily slipping
on a great coat that laid in her room, she ran to her
father's chamber, who not being dressed with suffi-
cient speed to meet her eagerness, she snatched up a
brie hammer, and went alone, in the dark, into the
esainfactory, where she perceived Bunton in the act
of taking the twist cotton from a loom. She in-
stantly struck him en the back of the head with the
hammer, and on his turning about, repeated the blow
upon his forehead, with such effect, as to bring him
to the ground covered with blood. Apprehending
that he might probably have accomplices, she shrieked
aloud, which brought her father to her assistance,
and they PPM red the robber.
LEGAL APPRENTICESHIES.--rbe case of RICHARD
MARTINS V. ALEXANDER Gm.Lowav, for employ-
ing men in his manufactory who had not served legal
apprenticeships, together with the brief, &c. &c.
will, we understand, be published in the 14th Num-
ber of the New Agricultural and Commercial Mt
((mine, which will be published on Saturdayi tis
lit of February. The decision le of the lest im-
portance to every manufacturer In the kingdom.. w
bare little doubt but it will be generally attemad
and be the menu, ultimately, if doing sway tlis
aistem of English slavery, entitled " a seven ran
$1101:udq."

-

~r ... . _ . _...__ .._

'EMI

AN.

.-
AM. FOX'S mileril-Der. NAV.AL INTELLIGENCE. -..
—.....
—.or—
EDINBURGH, JAL ti. PLYMOUTH, Jaw. 7li.
O radii' last, the Anniversary of the Birth of Arelveg dm American ship Peace and, Plenty, Cliptain nail,
the late Right Hon. Charles James Fox was celebrat. from wmoisous, with thither, fer the dock-yard. Ilse Prince,
ed in this city ; Lord Kinnaird was in the Chair, and sow, from Quebec; and Achates brig of war, from a cruise.
the company consisted of WO of the most dhtiuguish. 1 C'tdbe la the elkagaPime transports (mai Lisboa, sailed the HO
ed Whits of Scotland. His Lordship conductetd the laL lailt"M" °( the IfYB6l/45 /imp of war, 14 ail 45 sail'
Khali L cishipany
haliaits of the evening in the most admirable manner, ,
__. FALMOUTH, JAS. 47.
mu wade a most eloquent stilogium on the pfincipl. les 1 A tress's'', see of the Hyacinth's convoy, has arrived. The
ehaseeler, and conduct, of our evef•to-be-tioneolea : Pratte &Mt parket from Gibraltar and Malta, has gone this
I IttiOt. The enthusiasm expressed by the meeting, !'venial bin Ike Biases, the Arabella packet, for Lisbon, is
i• a their admiration of them, could not be sarpassW. : ale. ia the Aso" and WO will sad the first fair wind.
I The following are a finr of the Toasts that were COVE, Jas. tt.
_,
vett :-- Yesterday arrived the Earl Speacer hired cutter, Lienten.uit
1. The glorious and Immortal Memory of Charles James Fox. ilethwell, from Waterford.
2.. The Absg. Sailed yemenlay afternoon his Majesty's ship rortnoee, Capt.
9. The Prince Regent. Vanrittart, !far the Lawn Swill), station, where she will:Acre
4. The ligbts of the People, which Mr. Fox spent his life in the Talbot she ScLieutenant .
attending. p war, hwayne.
5. The Eatl of Lauderdale. I His Majesty's ship Jalouse, Captain Morris, may be erpect•
& The Cause of Liberty all over the World. , ed, as well as the Syeylle„ Captain Upton.
7. Lard Holland, May he Nog cherish the Principles which ' Remain bete a few IVest Inutimen, waiting till a convoy is
are immortalised his Uncle. appointed.
8. Earl of Fingal!, and Catholic Emancipatiest. GREENOCK, Jaw. 25.
il. The Memory of Lord Newton. - Arrived here yesterday, the Pomona, fit'Saitght, from Port
10. The complete Abolition of the Slave Trade, oaf Thanks to 1 Antonio, Jamaica. in 63 days—sailed in company with th^ ship
hat Administration which effeeted what Mr. Pitt, in the seoith ' Hamilton, Rees, for London; parted with her 27th Nov. in
Obis power, professed himself unable to ac !omplish. Croaked Island Passage. The Ju Wier, Lyon, of Ayr, for Clyde,
hi. Jr. Whitbread, the enlighteoed Friend of Pelee and and Hopewell, Gromard, of Glasgow, for London, were to sa;l
Reform. In a few daysafter the Pomona. The Ellsaoetb, ghtfoot 1 and
n. The Memory of Francis Duke of Bedford. Surrey, Smith, both Liverpool, were off Port Antonio, 15th
19. May we soots have Ministers who will tell the Prince Re- I Nov, n 45 days fromfi of
ligaisar, all well.
, that the best support of the Prerogatives of the Crown. IC
r isle derived is DEAL, Jam
from attention to the Rights and Liberties of di! Arrived hi, maj,„,irs ship the c,e4seft.,. from pi rm.& $
cop e. _
- moerelsatanaa, from Wow-Y, ' ,latter 10--

atea:Annie

14 The Irish Jury, who, In these worst of times, dared to ac-
,ob iOllOOllll Nam.
Abe healths of the Dukes of Argyll; Norfolk,
illedfont, and DevonsMre ; ktargais of Omuta' ;
_ _ _
VII

Paris fitzwiliiam, Moira, St. . Intent, and Grey;
lords Erskine, Grenville, and Archibald Hamilton;
Honoarable henry Erskine Sir Samuel Ho.
*illy, Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, Mr. Sheridan, and
other distinguished characters, were given with the
neatest applause.
11 On Friday, upwards of 100 Gentleman dined in
the bail-room of the Black Bull Inn, Glasgow, in
rof the memory of Mr. Fox. Alex. Oswald,
of Shieldhnll, in the Chair—Peter Spiers, Esq.
r Ca lc reuch, Croupier.—Among the toasts were the
following :
Lord Holland, mad nay be ever support the principles of bit
ilhellthsas relative
Irey, and may Presbykiians soon be permitted to de.
:4tate without renouocing the Church.
Fingall, and Catholic Emancipation.
Whitkread, and &speedy repeal of the Orders in Council.
Wed Archibald Rantlitoo. and the University of Glasgow.
lir. Joseph Lancaster, and the Education of the Poor.
' Lard Kinaaird, and our Friends who celebrate the day la
elifilra.de of Clyde, and may it mon be extended to tie
tiVilifentory of Washington, and Aaity between the only
Inn fees Nations in the World.
There were also meetings on the same occasion at
Dundee, Arbroath, and other places la Se.ptland.

BOXING.

The match betwixt Ballard and Smith; for a stake
of 20 guineas, and a subscription purse of ten gui-
neas, took place on Tuesday, at Coombe Wood, near
Kingston. Ballard has been reckoned a busy miller
,of the Westminster-school, who had fought six bat_
Iles before, and although a man of pugilistic note,
but of doubted game, since his combat with Bristol
h all on Old Oak Common. Smith, a heavier man,
who had also the advantage of length and science, as
well as having made some good stands against first-
raters of middle weight, was backed at odds, previous
to setting-to, from those superior qualifications,which
rendered winning next to a certainty, without an ac-
cident. On the ring becoming full, betting was
eleven to eight on Smith; but just previous to strip-
ping the odds suddenly turned to e\en betting, and
five and six to four on Ballard. The consternation
which prevailed here could not be described. Many
declared off their bets, and in the midst of the bustle
the combatants set to, with Culeb Baldwin second to
Ballard, and Paddington • OnCS for Smith, amidst
►murmurers and laranters.

The battle afforded much disappointment to a ring of several
thousand spectators, and it lasted but 1 S minutes. Ballard mode
rtdys,and had the best- of every round. As early as the fourth
,nitit was beat, without sustaining a-hit of any mow
, to the astonishment of the zpectators, although he ma-
to stand up 14 minutes. The ring was is coat/dos by
the janglings of betting men in every quarter, and Smith's loss
Wasattributed by the partisans of Ballard to illness. II was
data as a matter settled previous td the arrival of ala
at Coombe Wood, as there was no knocking dm
at the latter place.
A second battle, differing materially from the for-
mer, which had attracted iten thousand spectators,
was fought betwixt two other pugilists, the former of
whoa is one of the best eleven stone men in the coon-
try, and the latter a plant, from Bristol, a youth of
tremendous power and action, who was ushered into
the list by Gregson. The confusion which the dis-
appointments in the last fight had thrown the specta-
tors Into, by the disputes respecting the paymeuts of
debts, so convulsed the ring, that it was impossible to
keep the second in any order.
The stranger, whose name is Ford, appein to have cut a
lourishing figure in the nursery of Bristol. Aing was the fa-
vourite at setting-to, but thedetermined courage and knowledge
of punishing manifested by Ford, vanquished the former's best
science ; and although he fought with the courage of a t rib or a
Getty, with equal science, yet he was viable to stop his adver-
.Eary, who was always in, and remelted the blows. The battle
was coationed with thrumming during 40 =Motes. Ford
reaisile4 the amateurs of the lavineible Pearce the Game
Chleiteo. Like thy Chicken, he possessed but little science,
alse diwogordleg wishbone, ho was always hitting with his
mas, sad i *wawa, plaided slight and lett with trameadoos
force. 111111dt bode bad dated Kong s eye la an early stage of
the bottle. bat k look nothing tree his mange, but Mord most
completed, heat away his amagnaist's science by Itxmoadows
Main. Is softy of the battle did Ford ap ear fatigued, bat
whoa hit, be rotweisd with courage sever exceeded, ma& when
bit away at dam, be kept his legato his discomelare, and lower
imeewas hit down.
King had, been knocked down several times by
Aits-oa the head, but the repetition of a knock down
blow oa the jaw gave victory to Ford. It was a
blow of that severity which is not witnessed often.
king wept down with it like an ox from the hammer
of a sturdy slaughterman, and although he refused
by motions to yesign the contest, yet nature had de-
serted him, and he was incapable of getting his legs.
It was altogether the best contested battle witnessed
- rewarded with
