BRIGHTON, Aun. 31.

All is gaiety here ; miser was a greeter eonceutra.
lion of basely than at the present time.
The liberally of Brunton in the management of
the Theatre meets with the greatest encooragemeot
frees the Nobility and fashionable visitor,. Novelties
follow each other in rapid locression. We lose Mist
Brunton at the end of the we►k, who reliant to her
professional duties at Covent-garden Theatre.
It is with the utmost gratification (we *bowie in
The Herald) a sew Master of the Ceremonies is
spoken of hi the higher circles, and the Assemblies at
the Castle will, soder his direction, shortly open
for the season.
We lament to soononee, that during the storm of
yesterday, a host, containing six persons from the
Castom•betee, was upset, when, notwithstanding
the insertions from land, one of the essfertonates ass
drowned ; after struggling for some time in vain, he
sock, and his body was not, op to this lime, foetid.

BAIRCELOXA, AUG. 18.—Arrited on the 12th inst.
the Spanish brig El Soldedo Espanol, to finish load.
ing on the coast, and than proceed for Africa, in the
Slave Trade.

It is statati that Major-General sir Toon SI Btuo•
ems, K C.B. is to h. sppoint►d V _ifinassistler of the
Forces in tirntlsnd, is the rooms of Lieetetseot Ge-
sterol JOUR 110P1.

Tits lion. Capt. Stance*, second sou of Earl
SIPINCSII, IS appointed to command tbs Owe 4 GIN•
dower, of 42 pas, at Clutha.

To ins EDITOR or ris STA 7 ERMAN.
--...--

e,—When nor brethren in North America op.
posed the oppressive measures attempred to be prac-
ticed upon them, by the orders of the then Ministers
of this country, it was little calculsted •hat might
be the stupendous results, from the soldiers firing
open the townsmen of Baton ; bet the blood spilt
that day, raised • feeling ise the breasts of the de.
scetidenis of Englishmen, whose foietathers had left
the tombs of their ancestors to dwell in the uncelti.
sated forests of North Americo, to avoid the tram.'
mils of slavery, a feeling *hick vibrated is so Strong
and general a manner as not to be repressed. The
brave and injured Americans flee to arms from one
extremity of the reentry to the other. The happy
termination for suffering freedom was received with
joy by all civiliied men. Whci could have jodg.rl
that the indecent anti oppressive conduct of • brutal
tam-gatherer, should bare roused socli so asiembly
us that led to the field by the injured but breve %VAT
TYLER, which asventhly had nearly destroyed the
Imhof's of the:, opplessi.m; hut the melancholy fate
of RICIIAUD U. expiated his tj tinny.
When Masstschhb, the fisherman at Naples,
headed a few market people, it was little contero.
plated, that the Government of Naples shoeld be
dissroyed by this rode but oppressed assembly.
When • piola ass demanded (which amounted to
ten.pence) by a Genoese tas-gstherer, and the goods
of a Corsican old woman seized for that sem, it was
; littlerjedged that the foreign oppressor should bedsit.,
from the island from so trilling a ciecomstsoce.

Who could hare thought that such dreadful melts
should arise from the Governer of the Beadle, DC-
LALITIT, ordering lhe soldiers to fire upon the no-
erased citizens; could it have been cooterplated that
the Government would bare been overwrite& the
King hroeght to the scaffold, and millions of lives
sacrificed ?
The massacre of Glance shows the danger of a
Standing Atinv in a Gee State; fur no doubt the creel
and enjest orders of Kiog WILLIAM for this bloody
business led to the Rebellion of the years fifteen sad
forty-five.
The sheeting young ALLEN, in St. Goorp'ea
fields, was a most unjustifiable and creel ac ; and
although the soldiers were brought le trial fir the
offence, no punishment followed.
The melancholy but just fate of Capt. Potytus,
of Edinburgh, arilettug the soldiers to fire or • t the
people, is a strung pouf of the danger to a fts.
Slate from the frequent calling upon military, instead
of the constitutional ciail power.
When the English Liturgy was attempted to be
I furred upon the Scotch in 1637, and p it of the,
Common Prayer was attempted to be read frqn the
pulpit, en old woman, named J*arr Guy's, rose,
sod taking the stool she tat on, threw it at the
Reader's head, ea, ini, " Away yes loon; are yes
going to say Mass at my lug?" A most es
Wipe of isma3 immediately took place, the dowel
was surly destroyed. This circems'ance seamed to
have some effect, in producing the melancholy fate
jut Arrbb shop LAVE, and his master.
The besine4 at Manchester, call it by what name
you •ill; is a much.to•be•lansented occurrence, aria-
int from a tote want of manly feeling in the Yee-
-
menu towards their poor but 'offering brethren.—
; Indeed, the present measures attempted to be perused
bear a strong resemblance to those prectired dories
; the reigns of the Stuauv,; and what makes it tether
singular, u. SUM' MT is .•n• of the principal manger.
in oar present sfftirs; his conduct in Ireland lei I b
Viet in our remembrance: it is Our fault if we eras
I him to carry forward sorb scenes in this country. W.
chose a Protestant family to role a nation of tee.
men to the total 4.2(11351in of a detested tyrattn;cal
race, which the present family should bear is
membrance. -

I tryst, Sir, the military mania, which seems to
here gslnrd so much upon our infatuated rulers, In
direct imitation of despotic Powers, will soon be pal
an end to by in immediate call upon the People to
meet for the purpose of di'missiug from the Council
of the Panics Nrcatur, such Sin ell SieWART. Vi,.
count CASTLZISAGUt be being an unfit man to be a
Minister to a limited Sovereign.
Then loose recollections being merely peened from
memory, ere not in regular order, this most be aide
up by the header—►efficient it is the facts halo taken
place; facts which should be a caution to head-
►trong Statesmen, and prevent thorn from throwiag
their country into confusion by their iil jadied sea-
sorer. As insulin the above may hring to the re•
collection of your numerous Headers nun historic
facts, to show the imprudence of our State Pilots;
the insertion sill oblige your constant Header,
AN ENGLISHMAN.
Ai.gnit 30, 1619.
