IRTNEKSIIII2.4 DISSOTA

ft. W. 11arris7ger. *F. T:1113 ssisiJT Ss:ri;ener. Newport
PAgnell. Rucks, coal-mere:lnts—S. Parker. nun! W. Roper,
Counnercial-rood. carnithinc-fronmonzers—T. T. Gray.
and W. Gray. Murton, Yorks/sire. farmers—W. Alarshall,
14Prilla11. Lintasysite. Alssionciburv. and J. (*lire, Pad-
dick. Huddersfield. (hers —l.. asul W. Hopkinson, High
Holborn. eoweb-snakeri—C. Kinnear rnd J. Mlangister. Rey-
wiek-street. Moho, goldssailiso—J. Hunter. Moorend. Kith% -
steam. 0. Capatielt, Cross/se. Westmoreland• jobbers in
cane and farmers—F. Cozens and T. P. Cozens. Canter-
bury. carpenters—J. Mars:mil cool T. AVlsinstess, Yeadon.
&mirky. Yorkshire. worsted-crinners—P. Jarman, and C.
Revery, Rristol, anomie's—J. tinnon, and C. R. Con. Pie-
).* wingexsllol.llo9r3—W- Viand and S. Unnoibles.
TOrkAilre. keribbli op-millers— J. 'rrossed on. A.
Newcomb. and R. Tronsetton. jun.. Cot entrx bankers—
J. and W. Carr, Ilml‘let. Leeds. cudbrar-rnal,ers—R. end
J. Chandler. St Prisf's CS,Hreis-yart, woollen-drapers—W.
Pe...n. and J. Fornclell. rarriers---‘l. (:otellnins
and M. Cu'.. Regent—live% Oxfortl-rtreet.
Everdest. and 11. Atellnx. flack llorse-)ard, Bross/as).
Westin/eater, wbeelw rigid s.

1).11?1,1.4.11ENT.
-••11111.-
HOUSE OF LORDS.--%1 FONFIDAY, Frs. 7.
The House proceeded in appeals.
After making so:ne orders in Appeals, the House ad-
journed till to-morrow Obis day).

110t.:4F. OF coNIIToNN.—Fri. 7.

The Speaker ttio!: the Chair at the mull hour, and
there being' no more tba,i thirty-eight 3leuthers pre
gent, the !louse adjo,triiel till to-morrow.

MR. BROUGHAM'S ON TOE 11 IRQUIS OF

TAVlslot MoTION.

Mr. BROrfilllA Al, after the observations we gave
yesterday in the eommen..entent of his speech, pro.
eroded to retteark fbat the Noblelrol stated, and justly
stated, that a proposition was made, upon the part of
her Majesty, in the rarlsl9 bnt he ( Ur. li. distirut!v
stated, in eXprrit• 1t0f419, that that pro:o)sition has
made without the knoreledge of 11.. r laj-sty, and that
it Was in terms at least Ow same which was afterwards
offered by his Majesty to !ler. tine rem:tilt:dole fea-
ture, however, was not only onil.teil, but the d rev,
contrary was inserted, in a s•thseTtent o:7er :nude to
her %lajesty, then Print. s of Walt's. who was to Lave
born allawed to have taken bur Cov:.l title. It was in
that offer derlared and stated to Inr the title of Itusliess
of Corn Wall. This t.-astl:at title of the pee.age by
%%bleb, in roc:, her Bova' was 'lieu reeug-
nisei, in the peerage of this country. Another c.a•
cuntstanee that seetned wholly to haverscapetl his Lord-
ship's recollection, was, that at th it time the (bee,:
was Princess of Wales, the late King was alive, and in
•rfect health, no suspicion, at least at that liale, ex-
isted of his death, awl the conse,pletit demise of the
Crown. In the month of June, 1819, this propos...
tion was made, he could not to.) often or too expressly
repeat, without the knowledge o: that illustrious per-
'on Is.raelf. It was made, slide an event as
the demise of the Frown nut bring then cont:nnplat-
and it was sorely a very distin 1 thing, as it re-
-4..trt1.41 as an :ndividual in her then situation, and a
iwrs•in upon the point of takinx upon liers..ll that ex-
alted rank to which she woatd in that event become
entitled, lit' begged to state once again that it made
exactly all the difference in the world, h.-tweed a per-
k/H., covenanting not to take up a future anti
contingent dignity, and a person's Isitt;;:* airea4
in the actual possession of it is the latter
ease she was required ,to step down fr..u. it, to
give up all claim to its ho:tours, to abandon the
Throne itself, to part with all her r:glits and
; this eir:ntnstance must necessarii-,' au a--
sangement. n•L'utit ..sot to be made, not with a person
sport:tut only of a right, !nit, possessilt; one which
she cupid out give utast litre rcusind the
Noble
.I.ord of atiutlinr circumstance tv:tich he maid
hardly holvvver hare for!,:ottett —he me int the d..htv
apon his latrtkiti:.'s part, between the r.i laths ofJoitr
FA. 1"20, a ttrr.ts of nearly eic;ltt mouths,

_

before any

The Hon: and

the Noble Lord

the gneen'slet. proposition . set , _
with declaring that it was made Without her Majesty's
knowledge, could have expected but one answer t,
such a request. What, then, was the nature of the
offer ? it was only a suggestion on the part of her Ma-
jesty's legal adviser, that if such a proposition should
he made to her on the part of his Majesty's thivelo-
ment they would advise her to adopt a course of which
that should be the basis. If there had been all that
anxiety on the part of the Noble Lord and his collea-
gnes, of which he spoke, to obviate the necessity of
their going into such an inquiry (although no neces-
sity had been made out) why did alt this delay arise ?
Bit, said the Noble Lord, what difference could this
sake ? Ile (Mr. Brougham) would tell him; it was
just that thing which made it impossible that the of-
fer could be accepted. There was all the difference
ba the world between the situation in which her if a-
jesty roust Itr.ve stood in June had the proposition suc-
ceeded, and that in which she did stand in February
when It could no pokiii!oly succeed. Whether that or
any other proposition had berti made open the part of
ilieisters, it was unquestionably his (Apr. Brougham's)
duty to have conveyed it to her Majesty.—(llear.)
But the \nide Lord said why dill s, mach delay take
place in his (Mr. Briitigliam's) going; over to the Con-
tinent ?. and as many loutish stories had got ahcoad
upon the subject, it was perhaps necessary that de
should explicitly answer that creotion. It had been
his° asked, why he had front the lath of June to setae
day in April kept in his relict the proposition i.e
was charged to delieet ? % liv, it is as intended not
that he shoot I send over li:it prop. sition to her 1111.-
kale : it was t ttly tileaut that it hen be saw her be
should deliver it to her: hit the lime Member for
Corte Castle (lir. !Luke ) talked of a delay of neeke
and Months, and this nii.lit the Noble Loral was lir •
gent to know the reasons who that delay had occorreJ.
lie (lir. Brougham) nevoref ir ow. moment coheeale I
from Lord Liverpool the ine•essildlity of his going t I
such a distance as 14ineva.---(lleer.)—fle had never
given tie Noble Earl the sligiitest reason to suppose
that he could be absent from his place in that !loose,
for more titan six or seven days at the utmost. If then
it was so especially tteeessary that this propositi ui
must 1).• made t.) the (been at I;vitera, ur on the other
side of the Alps, he should liLe to know oily Lori
Liverpool clitl not s.lret some other channel, which
aught have based the time, and, what the noble lord
•pposle seemed In think •f greater consequence, have
saved the distance.—(i le., r.)—lt was knoan to be ab-
solutely insp..ssitile that he could undert.ke such a
journey ; but in pe:nt of tact all this argument *hunt
the negticiation was only one other additional 9 rei-
men of that address which they acre not unfrequently
;snarled neon to admire in the noble lord oyposit,,
which was, that when he fount! a question pressing
upon hint, he 1{ as al ClPlOliell to turn about and change
his ground altogether, so that tie questions put to
his lordship brier —Who mask you proceed against
the Queen at all ? Wit , thought it necessary to slid
down erect, bags to par/iame!it ? Who institced tie
Milan coatinission, a td ince- tell it with its extraor,ti-
teary potters 7. The nable lerd Is ,d abandoned these,
and 4 Ituetliii other fillet ion fur the subject in debate,
thinking it - to be argued—namely,
Ought the Queen to !.ate cuat.e to this ountr„ or nut?
Now, ht. (Mr. 1:n.u,;1, ito) took th.• liberty of saying
'that this might hive li. en a tittevion between her MN..
jetty and her heal uolvi-ors ; as, in tact, it was a fres-
don whether it itiielit out be better she should
come to St. 0 eer than that she should resid.•
at Geneva ; she did not ku ov at that time of the negi,-
eiation ; hut it luight well he a question whether St.
tither was out it ore prepe7 Coin a more distant place
I ir the purp 5-5 of nego ia:ion '. it might nut, indeed,
suit the purpose of the noile lord that the Queen
s, hi have mime to this 'motley ; but if she were only
to look to h-r nice interest, it might be the best
thing she could do, rather to approach England than
t, remain at a distance hem it. This, however, was
only put hypothetically, for tad iuhtedly the fact was,
that the Queen had no intention of negociating—n,
terms were suggested to her, either through the pro-
p,,iiioioi offered by Itims..ll. (Mr. firongliam) ur by
Lord flutchiteme, iir by ;aty other person whatever,
hut those which site oloaitted or rather ott2lit to hate
obtained, by the conduct she had finally pursued. It
seemed now absolutely manif,•st that no terms whisk
could have been offered to her would have hail the
slight rt effect in deterring Ler from returning to this
country. Ile trusted that the house would give hint
era dit for the perfect sincerity iu which he made the
declaration, that le felt himself, through the
whole course of these fie/is:teatime nut only authu•
rized, hut called upon to take the steps be had
done, from a regard in the first place to the case
of the Queen, ate! in the next place from a re-
earl to wit it he ronsiiiereil her Majesty's best
interests. His belief certainly was at that time,
that the interests of the Queen and the Country
equally required that this ins estigation should not
go on: he bad no hesitation in saying, that he dial
then conceive, . not that +be had any thing to,Oreeti
front the severest iscrotiny into all parts of her
cOnduc , (for the conduct of innocence dreaded no
scrutiny), but that ~site way placed in a sitnation
from which But purest character might, he would nut
say shrink, for inttoretaiW defied its adversaries.
.butt that' she was encrounded by all those slats-
gErs that a pi rson c.at •11e tgfe. &trued with, who had
ie5;.1...1 i:1 a country wO-re, air itiN years her.. I fe and
and her 11.mo:wised heist 0 telly Ike !Itjects of a con-
spi ra re —C: ear, hear,)—ant nehergitiitneuses coalti
he boug.ht for money to waken :frotyttwery corner of
I Lily every seadial that could. ,
4. 99iitivrafed, or kilo la
till
that malice and ditractiup cot otrkme. Hip.lrellisf
was al4o this-11.41 tiers were. cv.mwq..casea srisick
from the were odious nature cd.l4l4lisges that woe*
to h:• adduced, .nil ,tiaf.ationtiviita, details uf use
acctisation, won't) induce i person to yaose.Lyfointhe,
rsn ie.. a trial, i hen, by an foment-able arrant;eniest,
11.. tit'..t obtain all th it his character req tired the

•••••-•••-• r
• •

ji=1:11.7.4-t=a;
thing ins done respecting Plat proposition.
and Learned (intimated here declared tha:
Lord in Matins him (Mr. Brougham) to gain
'a:consent to I pinposition which set. oat

- ..

I.

ether party to concede.—(LOUl cheers.)--He did
feel that if, by an honourable atonement, her
Majesty could obtain those terms which were cons
sonata with her own honour (anal others, no person
could have dared to recommend her,) anal if such
terms were called for by the inquiry, :aid should be
satisfactory to herself, and, finally, would have obvi-
ated. all 1444 this iavestigatios, her Majesty would
have Been ismiified in availing herself of them. He
did not fear of •being accused of any lack of Eat in
'her Majesty's service—(Loud cheer' o—both before
and since that per:ad he had the satisfaction of know-
ing that his conduct had been honoured by the ap-
proval of her Majesty.—(Hear.)—Although from the
first moment of seeing her, he at once sat.v that the
effect of a negotiation was at an end, yet after that
first rejection of the terms he continued, subsequently
to her arrival in this counter, to recommend and even
to solicit again and again, tile renewal of negociations
which might have obviated the necessity of this inves-
tigation. It had, however, been gone into; and
throtgli her Majesty had withstood its terrors, though,
she had come through it with that which nothing hat
the grossest injustke could refuse to her—an absolute
ateptittal—(Hear, hear, hear ;)—yet it had been en-
tirely owing to her Majesty's own consciousness, that
nothing whatever of guilt could be laid to her charge,
that she had refused to listen to any terms whatever.
__(Laud cheers.)—Then the Hon. and Learned Gent.
proceeded to refute the supposition that her Majesty
had meted by any other advice than that of her legal
:advisers. No man who possessed common settee—
(Loud laugh,)—even in the couduct of his own affairs,
could have thought of venturing to advise her in a
matter of such importance. It could only be known
to her Majesty herself, whether these charges were
jest or otherwise. Her own conscience told her that
she was innocent of those acts which had been falsely
imputed to her, in charges which had been, as they
were now told, filially abandoned. " I have stated
thus much," continued the Hon. and beamed Gent.
"as to the conduct of the Queen. It is fit I should
now discharge what I call a debt of justice to her
I know it has been invidiously and malevolently as-
eta ted, and most industriously Circulated for purposes
which must be ohviou; to every man, that my express-
ed opinions of her Majesty's conduct are nut the same
in fact with illy own conscientious conviction.---(Hear.)
—lt is necessary, Sir, fur MP, with that seriousness
trial sineerity which it may be permitted to a titan
upon the most solcumoccabions to express, to assert—
Is hie') I do now assert in the face of this house—that
if, instead of an advocate, I had been sitting as a
judge, at another tribunal, I should have been found
among the member of those men who, laying their
hands upon their hearts, conscientiously pronounced
her Majesty Not gailty:—(lteiterated cheers.)—
For tint truth of this assertion I desire to tender every
pledge that may he most valued and most sacred. I
wish to make it in every form which may be deemed
si.ast solemn and most binding; and if 1 believe it not,
a; I now advance it, I here imprecate on myself every
curse which is most horrid and most penal." (It
would be difficult to describe the earnest emphasis
Avith which this asaeveration was delivered, the deep
interest with which it was listened to, 01 the enthusi•
astic and general cheering by which it was greeted.)
It was no ordinary occasion that compelled an advo-
• ate to travel so far out of his usual tract; but he
(Mr. Ilrougliant) felt that upon the present occasion
he hail been treated not as the advocate of her Ma-
jesty ; but he had been made a witness against her
elajesty.—('lieers from the opposition.)—That opi-
Lion of her Majesty's innocence he was known to have
torifortnly entertained from the commencement to the
terniiitation of the proceedings--an opinion which
was not heifer known to his private friends than it
published to the world. That opinion did not
originate iu, but had been confirmed by, the proceed-
lugs themselvert ; and in the strength with which he
had ever entertained it, he repeated, that had he, on
a late rtecaaion, been taken from the bar and made a
polo., he shonld have joined in a conscientious verdict
of 0 Not guilty." He begged to solicit the attention
'of the House for a few moments with respect to the
Noble Lord's statements as to the origin of the pro-
•ecedings of the Milan Commission. They had their
origin soon after the death of the late Princess Char.
hate! for what reason his Lordship lied given them a
different date might hereafter appear,—(Hear, hear.)
'Phi.' was what had been openly asserted ; and thePloble
!mere explanation was a denial of the fart. The
Noble Lord said they did not begin till March; but
that they began immediately after the return of her
' Majesty .front.what was called the long voyage, was
admitted by his Lordship himself. He had, therefore,
. 'identified the period of the Milan Commission, and
that of the long voyage. Now it was in September,
1616; that her Majesty returned from the long voy-
age ; and the remainder of 1816, the whole of ISII7,
end part of Irs 1 8, elapsed before the ,appointment of the
Milan Commission. Here then, there was at once an end
to that connexion so assiduously endeavoured by the
• 'Noble Lord to be established between. the Milan com-
udasion and her Majesty's return.; but there canto he-
• awees the two periods of that returnsundahe institution
of the coutmiesion in 181 e, a reuvarkable and striking
event, the death of the Princess Clotrlotte.—(ilear.)
—This event was placed nearer to the date of' the
commission than the return of the Queen by a period
of nearly 14 months: and so lunch for • this point ;
from which time Home would infer what was the true
origin of the Milan Corumission, whatevat notion the
NeWle Lord had thought proper to adopt of it. He
• • did net wish' to go thus at length iato ehedetails at this
boor, and in•fact the important, the most material,
imeetlon which was now before the House was, whe-
ther 'any uleasnre should at all hare lown introduced
areinvt.lter Majesty, But to proceed with his ergo-
meet. •Thie conduct of her Majesty was alleged to
have been carried on, not in private, but in public.
• The plueewasin Naples,.tiOt in ordinary places; and
whenit was entsidered that it was alleged to bate
been committed in varlets public' places, it was as.
sonisting-that It should sot have been obsessed by
awv yiltrik,es• above-the ghars.eter of those whom the
Nikesl;ord bad .detwibed. If any indecency were
eonametted by het Mitietti tt a public masquerade, if
. she wens guilty of. any ihdeeorunrat a theatre, if .be
eat tatittatl any impfalielety at a ball, it could not be
s• mid to be dome, is .aeorner4- it was Rot dose before a
set otilow serrallitOmeh-as the Noble Lord had men-
dosed.- and. wits *MS produced oa the trial .trno
&fie, Bata hat %Joliet 'kik' -in the tat% .of day : but
sheath he conkritolt :Melly stay 10, because those;

S.' :

'

• 'i-

s .

Balls were held at
conduct must ha,
persons of the hi
of Naples. NOW, lir
iapon the improbability of any itsrproptiety
taken place 'miler smell cirenuistances, for that had
been already aroviol srwcrat times—but is wintld ask,
would It not strike the mind of any 50.10 who was
not disposed to be only of tine opinitsis on the subject,
that if the stops told by those servants of this impro-
priety were true, it might have been borne out by
the testimony of souse one of those respectable indi-
viduals who must also have witnessed some part of
the alleged reiscontloct?—(llear, hear.) If they had
beets called, and bad given evidence torroboratice_of
that of the servants, then indeed there might be smite
gr 0,10.1 for believing it ; but if all of those who were
applied to had flatly discredited every sods account,
conl.l it he said there -.vas a shadow of ground fur be-
lieving the whole? Dr if there load been no appli-
cation ret the part of the prosecutors for the testi-
mony of any suet respectable individuals, must nut
the inference be this, and this only, that no pains
whatever had been tahen by them to inform them-
selves of whether there was a sufficient ground for
them to !. ,ye gorse upon c 'I his thee scab what lie
chargeti Nlittisters, that in all amid every stage
of this most unfortu slte proceeding, from the sending
out the Milan Commission down to the iatest act in
it, that they had not taken any of those ortlioary
pains, or made any of these ordinary exertions.
which would have been necessary on the soost. com-
mon occasion, where the object of the parties tilts to
inform themselves of the truth of the information
winch they had go!. The same objection applied to
their conduct its the secret committee. They: had
called so many witue;ses and they said that they
might have culled others ; hut he asked why they
hail not cillel those ? why hail they tat called
Dr. !foible% Lady Llsarlotte Lindsay, Mrs. Pakosiet,
aud several other must respectable individuals, whese
situation had given them such opportunities as must
have rendered their testimony of great importance:
Why had they mit produced any of three to ensroho-
rate some of the sea wants, as they might have dome,
if the story tol.l by souse of those servants Here true?
But it might j.ertiaps be ~1141 to the friends of the
Queen, " yeti not call those witnesses, and
they were open to you I.—(Cheers from the Mittiste-
-441 side.) Ile :email aitswer, "We did call thesis."—
(Cheers from the opposition,) and it was because we
did call them, that we have a right to assume that if
you had r Wed them beftsre, they is mad have com-
pletely defeated the story which your servants, and
others of that description, had got up."—(Cheers
from the opposition.) This omission of calling all
the witnesses whose eri.lenee would have put the
country in possession of the truth, was a stigma sits
'the case, which no tmsj nity, husvever nusseruiss, would
destroy.—((:beers irons the opposition.) It was a
stigma on these proceedings, which, if to use the
wordeof the master of the 31411% (Mr. W. Pole,) they
l(the opposition) were to be beaten to pieces, would
'sever be futwotten by the country.—(ebeers and
laughter.) had. :se was Said, been beaten on
one side the other evening, and they were now to
get the knock on 11w other side to-night, which seas
to put ass end to them ; but tint of their rain would
arise what would prone the di-grace of those who
had bees iustiumental its bringing on and sanctitin-
ing this violation of justice.--(Cheers frone the
opposition, followed by still louder cheers from the"
ministerial benches.) He said, out of their ruins and
after the pmans which were rung in anticipation of
triumph had subsided, aud were heard no more,
would arise what would remain a lasting disgrace to I
the parliausent which had supported such measures—
measures which, lie maintained, were scandalous to
Parliament.—(Cheers from the opposition). It would
never be forgotten that, 31inkters, hating It in their
power to produce the means of ascertaining the Inuit,
bad neglected those nesans—liad chosen to bring in
this bill, when, lay sending for one or two witnesses,'
who were, lie might say, thing in their neighbour-
hood, they might hare prevented all the injustice and
infamy which had followed. The Hon. and Learned
Gentleman (Allowed up Isis reasoning on this part of
the question in a must impressive and eloquent man-
ner. We regret extremely that our limits will not.
allow us to give even an outline of most parts
of his address. • Adverting to the Milan Commis.
slot), which the Noble Lord described as hay-
ing been employed in a rigorous inyestigaf to
vindicate the character of the Queen, he observed,
that the house would not know what was the descrip-
tion of the witnesses not of the rift whims they hail re-
jected, The Louise might, however, judge of their
anxiety to avoid sending any thing very low or meats
when they swat nut liastelli z' of their wish to avoid
every thing that was tllslsy it hen they sent the pititi;
Cnsiii (('heers); of their detet utination to avoid semi-
ink any one who was infanorts and degraded when they
sent 11ajoechi, Sacelsi, and that pattern for all modest
chambermaids, Mademoiselle De Illont.—(llear.)
In conchs-4mi, he said, that every art of his in this
proceeding, from the commeneenseot, wins cossetted
solely by Isis ditty to his lancets, and hi: atteniion to
the interests of the conntry.---(Loud anti repeated
cheers.)

41 WORKINGS OF THE SYSTEM.-

THIRD SERIES.-LETTER I.

" God sent!, remedies as well as evils, tinder which he
who lies and groans, that may lawfully acquit hhnself, is
accesary to hi own rui nor will:it euuse him though he
suffers through,
a bhiggin At fearfulness to search thorough 4
what is Inwtid. fur fear of disquieting the hecnre falsity
of an old opinion."MILTOS.

AY/XS/SURE MEETING.
A very numerous ar.l high?y respectable meeting of
the inhabitants of Aylesbury was held on Moaday at a
the King's-he:.4l, purttatit to public advertisement, for
the purpose of considering the propriety of petitioning
the !louse of 4',lmmors on the grievances of the country.
Thomas Da. Eso,. was unanimously voted to the
chair, ;out Lord Nugent add W. ltickf'rd, Esq. the mew-
-1 hers for the Hurons:ls, attended and addressed the meet.
ing. In the emirs,. of his address Lord Nugent said
solemnly proinise," said his lordship, in the Crce of
my constituents, sever to lend my feeble efforts to sup- •
port any administration, of whomsoever it may he
formed, which not pledge itself to the following
stipulation : though I do not myself expect a change,
I wish yon, before whom I stand to-slay, to know my
sentiments, and hear them in mind: attack me, remem-
ber what I am saying to yon, and tell me of it if I ever
deviate front the principles I profess—the only primiplea
which I conceive will save my countrv."—(Cheeri.)—
The stipulations were-10. Economical rehires a 1
speedy, and, as far as sras practical, an imnt
duction of taxes—tales whirls were raised to in rt
the prolligacy and Iffitury of theCoart ; a commercia 'sys-
tem abroad that would enable the starring manufacturer to
live, without being (+Misted to hawk from door to door the
produce of his industry., and petitioning the legislature
in rain for tiw alleviation of his sufferings. Idly. Paths-

.
.
1
•

lefty Reform (he wished tinr, whe'ller, while the raises of Crime are a11,,,,ed 1G
meant that a succes• mat, their riles:multi tease, rreo if olio %trig 111 and ter
early began end per- no means farcical coltiesitirei of P.irlianient :.t055,:.!,,0,.
.sentation in Parliament, reed in altering, and what they perhaps consider reform,
ion between the retire- ing 010.'4.6min:a coils. There are ak... some of our un.
/0 shorten the thirationof accredited, or ulmilia ill philosophers, who are cc..., so
placestren and pensioners sceptical, as to expect from the s)stent of educatiou at.
frraoritolatnltlernH"o'utd, wellciioll'till:Milll
re depentleat on the Crown. nounced by a great legal authority, no leas a man time
!tale. An elfectual resbc•tion in the arms : they would the attorney-Getieral of the *Well. as its principal re-
seethe the King's speech that a rerlitetiou was to take soh, the increase ale' &amino of Clerics sway, r.j
place; hat what was it ? If report was to be believed, therefore of slavery awl Arperstitiort oil the mind; .4 0,-
it tea.. soils- 5,000 men out of 95,0911, and that from the rising irenerdtimi. What slay, the ~i,,,,,,,„, „f Sir ivi4e
veteran Issittalinti, which was raised only two years ago. Newtten, Mr. Wellesley Pole ? What pay- the great tap.
and amounts:ll to 111,1100, and was stated at the time to krill of the age? What says the howtlices, th. Lem,
be the chearest force that conld be levied ; consequently, bridge's the hottmer's, el .11,Jr views omit t Are the
County Ilesitings, or C 'ties% 4.1. Supply, the greatest
that bring tho cheapest force that could he raised, the
less effectoal was the reduction. It was absolutely tie. farce' ? 0„,., (7,„„rinuent riiii,isi iit sweracting dell
rossavy not only that all 'toeless pensions and sinecures and imposing taxes : or legislation, in making laws, ati
stionl.l be abolished, hot that such a reduction in the the true ham!, to create crone, and, on the ether;
army slianl.l be instantly effected as would afford ~e... 1. to cat sill criminals? It •is time that this
tit,/ to the people in peace, without heing felt as an iii• miserable state of thing's should lie math is
tolerable burden, and without placing them by all un- cease ; and the people have it bitty in th.,a,
power, sinless it be trios, as he asserts, that tl, r
constitutional and military force at the mercy s; f an ar-
concluded amidst have
can s,
en their cuulidcutre to Castlereagh, inutied,e.•,
hitrary gover ttttt riot. His Lordship
the enthusiastic cheers of the meeting. to cause it in cease. All indepetolvitt men in the tin .4
Mr. Rtceroan said that be felt extremely happy that of Commons, will doubtless think it their itolisuratii,.
the adsisotr •nt of the (loose allowed him to receive duty to unite with Mr. Creevey, in hisarxel lo efforts to stulittit,
in person the commands of his constituents, and he stupid and insane career of the Cht of thcEeare:
srixed the opportunity with joy, as upon all other ocea- goer, in voting away the public money, at asst, Ittltritlitl-
5.101,44. to flint Jill the porposes of their Petition. able hours, until') such thin houses. Of such a. au, sty,
The whole sir the resolutions proposed were unani- we shall know how to estimate fli- intlepetales c.. i,
t ttttt tolv agreed to, and the thanks of the meeting given Minisiets oiler get their supplies voted, and the Mutint.'
to
c t Chairman for Isis impartial conduct to the Mil passed, what should hinder them fro:p poroguir;:
hair.
he worthy the Parliament with as little ceremon y as on a late oerik-
The nieetio., then dispersed, and the Petition received slots, and with as little apprehension Of lii*ltilltP, of of
ill the course of the following day 457 signatures. punishment: If Parliament had notnecessary to
--.......• them, for these and similar purposes, would tipsy have g '
- all called them together ? Creffot .Iweldr.7 Apelte. :.
In this letter, my wind has taken a discursive ter;
which I have not been able to repress. kw:10ov intre.
tints •at the commencement to have treated of the rests.
ration of the Queen's name to the Liturgy ;of the sprees'.
jog starvation of the people, and our decay as a ;aim);
and of the attempt of Sir Joists Newport to prop the v-
aunted privileges of the House of Commons. But I mat
now limit myself, on them points, lo mere vati, ;146,1.
'llse Queen's came wilt be restored to the Litsiiy. Tie
people will not continue to starve, or the ballots to dell.
Awl the infialibiliq of the !loose Di Cuinnisons will net
be establisited, to the injury of his Holiness, tARIhe P
maope.
S .

TrIE uniToil OF TuF. STATESMAN.
tint—" The system works well," said that contemptible
refiteee, Mr. C,uininK, who, to judge from his published
letter. seems to think it of isnisseisse importance to the
tuition to be informed of the motives which have induced
lobo, in tie• moment of its crisis, to desert his post. It
al-o work, fist : and the rapidity of its movements,
until its final dissolution, will be precisely the same, its
the presence, or in the absence of that, or any other
Harlequin Statesman. Their presumptuous pretensions
of the Boron; ly:swingers to ltirect, by their own petty
maisouvres, the affeirs of the world, I can only compare
to the folly of him, who pumps very laboriously in a
ship, whilst he neglects to stop the leak. It is in virtue
of this spirit, that we, every Session of Parliament, see
nisfleilgeil Statesmen, from the iiiirseryonaking their
debut in those august monuments, the addresses to the
Throne, and teaching lessons of v‘istlons, by hereditary
right, to the senate and the people. Yet the reformers
would lay their sacrilegious hands upon the rotten bo-
roughs, which are the source and origin of this here-
ditary u siloM ; without which we should nut have ex-
perienced the edvauteges of the supetiutending care of
the great mats now no more, or of the great man not yet
nu more, and their respective emissaries and partisans ;
withont which we should not have witnessed the im-
posing scene described by Mr. Creevey, a few nights
ago, in which one million nine ItnndredtAuvaand ',wends
of the mouev of the people, were so generensly voted
away ia twenty matures, by of the reprrarie
tati Yes of those illustrious boroughs, individuals, chime
nits, or pig-sties, which virtually return our ablest Mem-
bets of Parliament, without Liking the superfluous true-
ble of inquiring into the particulars of their appro-
bation. What a great and generous people must the
people of linglaiol be deemed by all foreign nations,
when they see their virtual representatives, without pre-
vions inquiry, vote away such magnificent sums.
These are but trifling instances of the workings of the
e
system ; and, if the noble and generous beerted peopl
of Englund choose to continue to labour from twelve to'
fourteen hours in the day, Whilst other nations only la-'
hour biz or eight, rather than that their virtual repre-
sentatives should be stinted in the means of providing
for theruselres and their relations, surely no one can call
their right to au so in question. The Chancellor of the
Exchequer, indeed, gives them the fearful information.,
that they "may bill when to loans nail new tares.
This is truly arty modest. This ourthy man (he is, I
believe, half a saint), althongle he has no ilimlit, that,
if, by new taxes, he Here to add half an hour every year
to each main's triaistunt of labour, mail the twenty four
hours were fully occupied, the people would, as in duty
bound, freely arquiesee, since, in that case, they would
learn to dispense with sleep, and, perhaps, in time, with
food and raiment ; yet he is determined.nut to indulge
their patriotic propensities so far, lest, hy indulgence, they I
should become corrupted. This great philosopher,and
greater politician, will ilonbtless, in his wissltine seek fowl
other sources of taxation, than labour, in order that be
may he aisle farther to punish the people ; and, if they
shonlil become
Itscontioacione, to dispense with their la-
bour. altogether. is not always possible to treat
foolery with seriousness, however lamentable may he its
effecte. Hut to he grave. I must say, that it is the
butt of the people themselves, and that they will richly'
merit every issi•fortinie which ran ireful them, if tbeey.
any longer stiffer these state jugglers to delude awl I
ruin these]. %%'r see the farther effects of the blessed,
groin'', miller which we exist, the envy of surrounding
nations and the admiration of the world, in the fearful
increase of Im rotaries. street robberies, and every species
1 of crime ; in the terrible increase of executions, the ma-
tt,y. of the victims being under tweusy
Liarsyer nned by
of
. • phe,tnetia will, I sill aware.
he
n,
the great man not yet no more, after the philosopher
Martin (not Martin of tialway) to the innate depravity
'of the worst of all possible people, the people of Eng-
land ; for, as, according to this high antlsority, such
depravity is not outing to the lases or institutions of the
roonntry, to the working* of the system—it can only he
owing to an innate propensity to evil, which operates in'
spite of the admirable workings of the system, and of 1,
the indefatigable labours of that Holy Alliance in mini-"
attire, the Society for the Suppression of Vice. It is in I,
vain. then, that the worthy people of Wept ttttt tit
Petition Parliament for a reform in the Criminal
Code. According to the philosophy, or religton of
Castlereagh ;.nil Co., no good can he effected but
ty praying to the author of our being to
endow us oreinaliy with a better set of propetisitire.
laws and institutions of England are better than all
others in existence ; for, althoegis there are more crimes,
and more execntione, than in any other contort% of
almost than in all tither countries put together, it'is he
cause the original prnpensities of the people to sin are
so much greater than among tinv other set of people
upon earth ; and if our laws aria institutions hail not 1,
been the envy of surrounding nations, and the admira-
tion of the world, there would be nothing bat criminals'
to be found, even to the occupiers of the Treasury'
Bends ; Q. E. !.: Considering all these things, I confess.
J. for one, begin to despoil' of any reform in respect to
editors, vrbether from the " workings of the system,"
the Isolable endeavours of the Society for the guppies.
sten dila% that most consdtational itqseeilou in iris•
I:sirerie'onettectsfwtoirtite stroofaitti:eofYealsatise .1114ner7. C.Nmagy,r7l' rather°r
even
g art he
s.

FREJVCW PAPEItS.
Pents.iJr,a Nt
that
:iii
ra.cp phea,
has
s •
stantiuopte
ceesfully and made so many destructive sorties, that he
nut only
inrd his
he hss
hattists7ll7ii iira:ali'l.ia,:eicn?t asph s.l4i
t'f uu l:JCPl::4l:lll7",ialtridltUopf: I Crate d his
ch
their •army.
nd
on the shores of the lonian Sea. Amongst the weans
employed by this hold and crafty Chieftain to ileceile
anti terrify his enemies, he is said to have hoisted the
British Oa.", to lead them to suppose that he had bets
reinforced by English troops. Accutints of a later dee.
from Trieste confirm the above. They ,state that Ali
had obtained considerable advantages, saint that the
siege had not only been raised, hut that the Isesieging
army was entirely dispersed. They eyes' add, that mt.
withstanding the strict orders issued by the Porte,
is
would scarcely he practicable before ne-st spring to as-
semble another army sulficiently strong to carry on and
terminate the war. Private letters from Vim* say
that the Cutigrees of Sovereigns wooed shortly lease
610446 low .11141 Austrian capital. Apartments were pre-
paling in the Imperial Palace fur the King of Swells.
Tim arrival of another Sovereign was also expected. hi
tire purpose of arranging with the Austrian Court at•
other matrimonial alliance. Letters of the 22,t alt. fetal
Koine, announce that a passage of a strong column et
Austrian troops was daily expected in that city. They
also state that when the Duke of Gallo reached Cord:,
his further rogress was arrested, and he sees plant
under the supperinteudese:e of the local authorities. It
was believed that he would be seat back to the fmntins
of Naples under an Austrian escort.
VIENNA, JAN. Va.—Acconnts from Trieste mealiest
that there was a ercat tempest at the beginning villa
month. Three ships which were already in view of tie
port, were driven away, and another, which for threi
slays had held out against the fury of die sea, and which
fell short of provisions, was, after several fruitless darts
saved by our strain-boat. The bad weather having sak•
sided, a great number of ships entered the port from the
Havannak, from Brest, Boston, London, Lisbon' awl
Leghorn, which had been expected for a considerallie
time. A ship that had bailed from Synirua for this plarr.
was entirely
MADRID, JAN. 2.l.—Amongst the 42 persons weed
of a cos• piracy who have heels transported to Corium,
is
Noe Manuel sle Castro, Enron de St. Jean,
die
of Apostolical Jaunt, aud General in Chief of die
army of the Faiths.
—We raki,,
MADRID, IN. :16.--.(PAIVATIt LETTER-)
perfect tranquillity here.—The firm proceedings of the
Ministers have defeated all the projects of those Ids*
were enemies to the Dew order of things. The wig.
tees have cleared themselves of all the charges direds4
against them. The Minister for Foreign Affairs, in pl.
ticular, had arqsiirell an immense popularity.
MINISTERS AT LAYRACII.
A caTal A.— Prince Metternich, with Messrs. Speies%
and Gentz; M. de Vincent, Austrian 31inister at the
Court of France; Count I nzaglii, the Austrian Boa'
Governor in the Venetian territory ; and M. Ile
belles, the New Austrian Minister attending the Kill
of Naples.
Ftwrce.—Count de Maras, the French Arnhaemat
at Koine ; Marquis de Carman, the 17
ire nclerroni Amin Ole
at the Court or Vienna ; and M. te Fear,
,Eteuch Minister at the Coact of Itassia.
Itrasts.--Cortnts Capo illstria, and Nrsicl:o,lo, 31. I
Posen de forgo, ltnssian Minister of the Court of
France, Count de Mocenigo, Russian Minister at the
Court of Sardinia ; 31. d'Ouhril, Russian Minister will
the King of the two Fleilie%; 31. de Schwerin,
!{resits
Counsellor of State ; Generals Prince Wo
Iiio)sok!.
Caernicheff, Onwaroff, Osppsrowsky ; Count de
lowskyn, and Prince Corm-Is:eked'.
Paessis —Prince Iferdenberg and Count Rerld1•11.
Minister for Foreign Affairs. d'Afj
ENOLAND.---Nr. Gordon, Provisional Chargesito
faires from the Court of London. Lord Stew
Earl Clanwilliam were expected at Labach.
Tux Two Si crt.res.—Pui rce lietfro,"Ainhassades tall,
the King of Naples to the Court of Vienna: stir
slues., Buffo, Neapolitan Secretary of State;
tern alai Pnm'
B the King's
nt erl ChambainS.
ardinian Minister
i late SA-slit/its IP
aK
Foreign Affairs; and Connt Aglie,
nister in London.
TUSCAN v.—Prince de Corsiri.
MooaNa.—Marqness de SfolzA. irlit.-10*
The F.strocror of Austria has am
erne
Hardegg to attetul the person of the Eeror •
mp
and to exeritte the orders of that Sovereign.
pt.
Count Itaigeroort has been attached 1,. the
at;, ,
the king of the two Bellies. lies.
herb, of his Imperial Highness the reigis.ng An account has been received of the Lk117.1
31odera, eonsin german to the Emperor of
A report bas jnst been rireniates
chl. f
Count Bellegareie will take the ie smonsn%
Austrian
.nerd
ssos. of Italyive pet Cents. •. eti qr.— 64
k lito
FREFeF - •
Buis', 1,411•51: tivt

d
~.
lliiii„.
~..._ •.•
\

STATESNIAN:
t niroht, yet he, would esy, tttet tier rtnentgre Reform. By Parliatneni
been oprif to the obetveti„o of ttot to be naiintiderstood) bet
ratblt—before the royal collet siAn f 'ma."'" "11°"14 be e'
severed in, lb purify the repent
he %%pull' ask—he W fluid not dwell
I and keep op tire relative
nt any iinpropiiety herivig
hPntitiVe and hip constitnents—to
• ..tt

•
'
• '
• s
vortmcgmeremommis— . .
ruases of Crime are arLowed to
!sae, even if out 11;164 La and Le
ittees of P.irlianient stta
at they perl.itioa consider refOrte3
There are akat some of our un.
philosophers, who are q.v., so
mit the s)stein of educatitia
autLiseity, no lea* a ma's thole
the Queen, as its principal re.
liffusioo of Clerical sassy, a1..1
:.uperstit ma on the mind. '4th-
at slays the successor of Sir Isaac
Pole ? What a.q.. the great Cap.
t says the Lowther'', th.• Letn-
el .11,,r genets omit 1' Are tie
iiiiii ittrir% of Supply, the greatest
sent consist iii .contracting do rs
• legislation, in making laws, ad
to crime, and, on the eptiw;
It •i% th.it tLs
things shotill be muds is
.sple have it hilly in
tine, as he ASIWTts, that ti r
knee to Castlereagh, inutied;at• ••
111 independr lit Mull in the tin,:
ahtless think it their imlioroo,..
Ceeevey, iu his efforts to stop
wr of the Cliar.ccllot ni the Eeebo.:
he public money,
thin houses. Of such a. an, 564
e,tivisate tly• intlepeuthana .
rir supplies voted, and the Muttiat'
Ail hinder them frot.'s poroguit::
•
is little ceremony ay aua Lite oera-
lr • •
apprehension of erltilaP, ur of
-Bement had not bets-necessary to • ' .
i witir porpwies, Wolliii limy hawed
!ter ? Ceertat
mind has taken a iliSeUrsiVe
n able to repress. It was.niv Moo.
rement to have treated of the testa
name to the Liturgy ; of the spres.
people, and our decay 4, it 'taboo ;
f Sir John Newport to prop the 4.-
he House of Commons. Bat 1 obit
them points, to were v.iiit'snati,s.
rill he restored to the Tie
one to starve, or the ballots to iferit.
of the
injery oin
fihlitslroliCuuesii:n
,tsh'7Pwioplei
ARIS riu6s.
MIIII.,•••••••••••
P.4l'Elfj.
It appears bi an article (roe Cor..
li l'acha has defended himself se sue.
so many destructive sorties, that Its
mined his ground, hut induced his
lie siege, both on account of the loss
ierienced. and of the great tlvertion
their army and to cticalup at Mt., ••
c lonian Sea. Amongst the weals
old and crafty Chieftain to &eche
Mier, he is said to have hoisted the
I them to suppose that he had bets
huh troops. .Accounts of is later they
:in the above. They ;fate that Ali
Isiderable advantages, stud that the
been raised, hut that the ireAeging
dispersed. They even add, that lot-
strict orders issued by the Porte, it
practicable before ne-st spring to as-
my sufficiently strong to carry on and
tr. Private letters from Viola say
s of Sovereigns would shortly lore
Ltsatrian capital. Apartments were pre-
serial Palace fur the King of Sine.
other Sovereign WAS also expected. Itot
.anging with the Austrian Court at.
I alliance. betters of the 2•24 alt. truss
that a passage of a strong column st
ras daily expected its that city. They
stn the Duke of Gallo reached &wit:, k
ess was arrested, and he was plated
ateutleir:c of the lot•al authorities. It
t he would be seat back to the Natio'
an Austrinn eawrt.
Ys.—Accounts from Trieste usealiat
F rest tempest at the beginning of Ina
;hips which were already in view of tto
n away, and another, which for the
at against the fury of the sea, and which
isious, was, after several fruitless der
sin-boat. The bad weather having sah•
inibt•r of ships entered the port (ruin the
Brest, Boston, London, Lisbon'
had been expected for a concillerahis
at had bailed from Symrua for this plus.
t.
rt.—Amongst the 22 persons wood
who have been transported to Corium,
de Castro, Laron de St. Jean, Presidrot
!al Junta, and General in Chief of (be
th.
c. 2 6.--(rutva•re LETTER-)
ail)! here.—The firmprotaletlings of this
defeated all the projects of those alto
o the new order of thinge. The wig.
ell themselves of all the charges diredr4
The Minister for Foreign Affairs, in pa•
vire,' an immense popularity.
MISTERS AT 11.41 YR ACII. —We eskerc.
Prince Metternich, with Messrs. Speits%
I. de Vincent, Austrian Minister at the
ire ; Count I neaghi, the Austrian l
lie Venetian territory ; and M.,le Bow
or Austrian Minister Attending the Kilt
:mint Ile Maras, the French Amhawatier
rytt"isyti leenCnaar;amard, die. I:ierenue.olri
roflaliay,sath,
mi;
si
ter at the Court of Rassia.
'onnts Caro illstria, at
ttrgane,
mit norsseiladng
o,Mhniiisstseillarnoi
linia ; 31. d'Ouhril, Russian Minister wall
be two ;M. de Schwerin, Rillgio
f State ; Generals Prince
Onwarolf, Ospparowsky ; Count the
ur
fNtr gh
e lir:al .14
Prince 11ortacInekelf. Minister at tlie
-Prince Iferdenberg and Count ReMOS
Foreign ,!fairs.
t—lit.eirC.otitnionfn'LoPntlNtsatvl4.°"Lual rd",;31f4141‘.."--ijir.
!limn were espeeted at Labach.
Ricisass.— us Yrce lioffo.,•Ainhavasiot fr.
.NNaepalespoitiotantlisereCrpotuarrtynoff
sVt.i.tetoef;ta
alai eer*P,—
King's t'hrosherlain.
3a—fijoorsloo.naiwrit Alcoair,snatn,A4Sinier,diraitaen
—Prince the Corsiri.
—,Mareineas de 31017 a.
ratteti•titrniegerrriciol:fitihrAoteriihrisiseet
the two Sicilies.
srrrsi.bet2onofh.nnist:ait!tlatiaratrcEsZon
snn,itinnis,spgeserrbiTilannHreritgehethniveteted;:notibfretrirs,er.erishg,rii..:...;:;,_4;;;Lrma_tit:::::::',
has jnst been rirrniatesl. *belt „i owe
an
manic will take the chief emuni
!•sity of Italy. *of •nr.-11311
Ft•sips.—five per -
