LONDON, PRO,DAYI DECEMBER 29, 1820.

" The Grttee for which HAMPDEN

01.TS' an.l IVOKTIIY heg to inform their
I _IL Friends mud the Public. that they cording:le to receive
vouch at their Wharf. No. I, Paildinizion, and the Ase-lun.
A litertnanhory, which are forwarded cloth he their Fly Boats,
to Manchester. Liverpool, Chester. Warrington. and for
all parts of Imneashire. Cheshire, North Walea. West itl
ding of Yonshire, **taffordshire, and intermediate piece,.
Waggons as usual to the same places front the Ase-Inn.
Aldermanbary.

LOOKING G L ASSNS.
EVF:II L large SECOND-Ii AN I) PLATES,
► suitable for ChinetteTs. Piers. and Cberils, are awis on
sale. on reasonable Term's. at rOOPlin, ELLtow and
Coocen'i. 113. nishorgste-greet AViviii. some of We
larger s;ies are admirably adapted for large dining-peons
and elegant drawlisg•rooine.
Piate (noon for wisalows fitted la at a gnaw, vasibliell•
mintage than Crown Glass.

GaDIVIN'S ANSWER TO MALTBUS.
--.•--

[Continued from yeslenlay's Slutessac]
SECTION 11.

OF THE RATIO OF INCORAIIE IN TEE MEAN. IFF
8111A14TENtE.
The plarse " means of subsistence," as spplieil to
hum" beings is in tlie ntmost tleittea hose and inde-
finite. In a rem.ral sense alnindt every thing that
grows, u.slks, swims, or Nies, is rapable of lining
converted into the food of mdu. and hence every re-
getalsle and every animal must cease to esis., before It
cau be said that his means of sultsistence a're rib evil-
eft ; anti, till then, the grown up mast would always
find sufficient to feed his yriti:i4. In a particular
view however, it may he, and of.sl is otherwise,
.11. in in society is a being of habi.s and prejudices.—
Ile is moreover a slave. His foo.l mast br of a rer-
tain kind, dressed in a census manner, and provided.
uut by the whole, but by a small porti..n of the spe-
cies. In this situatiqn a Cimino Islay isecstr while the
world teems wish animal and vozctable life.' He way
stairs. in a work-shop, as we!! as iiithits the walls uf
t dungeon; berause, in iseith.r ra.r, his hr any fwd
except what is bronght by Isis keepers. It is (Jod so
preisare.l and so ilistribited, which tem Ilse weans
of ssib-issence among the n trions of Euru,w, whether
the labourer

" Won't-#.4, in the midst of \shore's bounty curs%
An! in the loiden sine sr.:. dies for thirst.—

.1s it is in .Imerica that Mr. Malt!' is has disco 1
Teresa his ratio of propagation, it is there also we should-
In sic for the ratio of inerttast I ssitssistimee; an: is
doing so we shall find reason to be astonished at his
choice of an arithmetiral one. As far as animals coo.
stitute the fo.KI of man, its increase must he is the
same sort of series as that of Immo.' beings: and, if
a geometrical ratio exist any where, it is surely in the
vegetableAreduce of tljgil. . Animals and 'vets.
least as rapidly autuan, if subrulted to
Isis Eire and protection: and, as the love of his 0-
spring is iso,danted in his ts ttn e, he would, if free,
always exert himself to reer the I 'set whi-I1 his chits
keit might rysinire. The limits of this production of
food would not he discovered, as I mg as aIIV land lay
waste. ticil the whisk wrie cultivated lit the high-
est degree, until the sea were drained of its inhabi-
tants, and nu wild beast or fowl were found upon the
e salt, the f sod of matt would always increase in as'
equal ratio with time bantam, rests-. If America have
doubled its inhabitants every twenty-lire years, the
prepared foul most have increased ill equal propor-
ii is : for all the inhit•sitants h lye plenty, and are
able to export grain to foreign countries. In the only
rodent th.A. where Mr. Alalthus Sias discovered ant'
ratio of increase of human popnlatioa, the acme, if
fps, a greater ratio has been observe-II in :Ise increase
of the means of subsistence. .1s before observed, a-6-
torah subsistence is intlelitaite, and prepared subsist-
ever, which is a tuanofacture from what nature has
in stor:, must always inc in quantity in propor-
tion to the moldier of manufacturers etsoployed, until
the raw materials can too longer be furnished; and so
long at least the ratios of human increase and of the
means of subsistence 'toast necessarily he the same.—
What trill hap, en when the prolitir power of man shall
enable hiiti to ontst rip the fertility of the globe which
he inhabits : whets the heal of the serpent shall bite
uhf its tail, an I no longer remain an emblem of the
universe, we leave to the conjectures of those whose
imaginations are able to,,,,pms;le the universe with
11U111411 beings. 31eantinks ether vier, misery, or
(what M,. Malthus never chooses to memion) the less
extent of prolific, power, and the shortness of time ap-
pointed for-man u; the earth, shall interfere with
this peopling of the stars, we may rest assured that,
Mita oxen call exist without food, the ratio of itter.nise
of population will never exceed that of time means of
subsistence. Food may be reared heyooll the wants
of a people, and 512. Is u ease has produced slavery and
misery to the cultivators of Botany Bay ; but.. it is hu.
possible that any team in the progression of subsist-
ence can be less that its correspattiling tents, its that of
population, else tit corresponding term would cease
Iw. Experience then never did nor ever can thew
di:ferent progressions in poitulation and in food, in
favour of the for iter; mud. as to the di.lirenee of in-
herent power (if a power which can never be exerted
have a Inentlint:), the power of increase its plants and
animals is o'ovionsly equal to that of titan.

• W:tness the horrihl, famine in India is 1771
(To he continued.)

DUYS OF WILLINUTOV AT 4:IIC!TEN.-110 visit
of the illustrious Doke tJ that aiirient city wrs fixes'
fur yester 7ay. His Grace was expec,..ll td be arCOM-
rtnied by the Gentlemen .•f the Ilu!:t. Lord Comber-
mere, Lord MU, Lord firayon, Sir Nwl 11111, &c
6:c. The slimier. fur which tickets are issued
at two guineas each, is to to it: place In•the Amens-
hlv-rown of the Rsc!►ange. The company will be
very motnerous. The frersl,:m of the city. will. a
c;:nrse, he pre.enterl to the Duke: and after the festi-
vitirs of the Jry, his Grace wia set of fur Northassip-
tonshire.

-
