tiItEEUE.

•
• •
asx.A.c.sp. OE A USITIN fIION AN OFFICIO IN TIIS,
1104UADRON ACTING IN THI AIEDITANNINZAN.
" We have had but little to amuse ourselves In this
'net -of the world, except to esecrt an loolan boat, in
October last, from Cephalonia to Patras ; on our ar-
rival, the Captain immediately sent ashore for the Bri-
tish Consul, Mr. green, but he was absent: the Vice-
Consul came on boon'', to whoni Captain Jervolse gave
orders to precure for him an interview with the P.a.,
al he had communications to make to him from the
loniau ilovernme it, touching a breach of neutrality, and
which interview the Captain said should be matte half
..way from any point he might point out. The Vice Con-
sul went on shore, and returned with an answer, that as
it was then late, the Pacha could not grant an interview
till nine o'clock next morning, and appointed the place
of assembling under a large tree. We sere there at
nine,lbut no Pacha making his appearance, we returned
iillnietliately on board. Some time after, a boat came off
to say the Paella was waiting at the appointed place:
after keeping his Highness a little in suspense, we went
to the place appointed, and found him seated on a blue
cushion under the tree, with his pipe. After providing
us with chairs (a scarce article), see were seated, and the
overture began with handing us coffee. The Captain
then commenced by inquiring why a party of troops of
the Ottoman Porte hail been sent on board a neutral
vessel belonging to an lonian subject. The Pacha gave
a satisfactory reply by stating, that through the ill
health of one of his officers, a p-tss had been granted him
to proceed to his friends at Prevesa, and to obtain a pas-
sage in what manner he could. Of this pass seven more
had availed themselves, and agreed with an lonian boat
for a large sum of looney, to convey them to Prevesa.
Another lonian boat meeting them, conveyed them to
Cephalonia for a breach of neutrality, where the vessel
was condemned, and all hands placed in the Lazaretto,
and the master severely fined. The Turks being
brought to the Pacha, he was highly pleased, as deser-
tion bring very frequent, he was determined to punish
it see -rely, so that err this they are with Mahomet, or
fell from their passage across the silver web; the brae(
here being, that after death they cross a passage on
a silver web, and he whose sins bear too heavg.pu ago
web, breaks through, and instead of reaching Paradise,
goes to Purgatory.
it The Turks certainly deserve commissetation, for at
this time in the Alarm they are greatly in want of pro-
visions; a pound of bread, if to be got, sells for half a
dollar.

We, having settled our business about the neutral-
ity, as also of their firing into the Chanticleer, returned
on hoard, and the Turks retired to their castle of this,
now in a miserable state, garrisoned by only 400 Turks.
" The cause of the Turks is very unfavourable, all
their troops being in the city of Corinth, about 90 mike
distant from ns, surrounded by the Greeks, and in the
greatest distress for provisions, of which the °reeks
have an abundant supply. Acts of the greatest cruelty
are constantly practised; not long since four Creeks bad
each a stake driven throug:t his body—they lingered
four days ! for this, as many 'f urks were instantly served
the came. Corinth is surroui.ded by dead bodies, in
every state of pntrefaction, from the one that fell
yesterday, to the first at the commencement of the war-
fare.

•• Twenty thousand Turks are now in Albania to force
the isthmus of Corinth, which is strongly guarded ht•
the Greeks ; should they succeed, the carnage will be
dreadful.

•• We arrived at Coron in the night, and went on
shore in the morning to witness most appalling sights;
of 20014 houses, not one was left standing; what has
become of the on:ortnnate inhabitants it is impossible
to say—some to slavery—some massacred—others doom-
ed to worse than death ;—this is the fourth town I have
