SPAIN.

rThe following is the Proclamation of ('ol. Riego,
iqpned on the day hr catered Algesiras, amidst the ao-
c.lasations of the Inhabitants:-
6' Inhabitants of Algesiras!—The shoots of joy and
adiefaction with which yon last night received the Na-
tional Troops under my command, convince me of year
good sentiments and ardent desires that the system of
oppression should no longer continue, which has re-
dared yon to a state of nullity, debasement, aataiserv.
This state will now soon be brought to a close. The
generous cry raised by the National Army has been the
aurora of happiness to our country. The towns in
which it is stationed have returaed to those laws which
in other times constituted their felicity. From slaves,
bent down under a shameful yoke, they have been
changed into freemen. The trammels to their industry
base disappeared, and the hope of their future glory
and prosperity has for its support the dominion of the
laws, which ought to he founded on the will of the
'ion, and equal for all the iudividua!s composing the
State.

" Inhabitants of Algesiras !—Prom last night you also
have entered into the happy number. The Constitation,
so much sighed fur, is about to be reinstated within
walls. Your owe choice shall give wigs the Ma-
r OM 14 fit'giiiefit you, am! the inipireOf the
aws shall supersede that of whim and caprice. Final
ip thitiy eye, no loner dread arbitrary acts, so destrue-
disk Mi OA y nations. Yon at length breathe—dare
now to become men. Do not trust to the suggestions of
those who are too interested in the canse of despotism
to he believed. Those who preach up slavery are either
wicked or foolish roes. Examine them well, and you
will find they subsist oo your sufferings and wretched.
nest. Their welfare is in opposition with the public
good. ran it be deemed strange that they should seek
to prolong a state of things, as sad in the eyes of reason
as it is fatal to the repose and prosperity of the people?
" If you have read the Proclamations and Manifesto
of the National Army, you already know its resolution
and sentiments. Children of their coontry, as they are,
they wish that country itself to decide what is to be their
destiny. Our fathers are about to assemble ; the guar-
dians of the people will form the laws they may deem
most conducive to our prosperity and grandeur. Pre-
pare fur this happy moment, now at hand; wait for it
with the firm resolution of not being disheartened in
your enterprise, well ed that constancy will act as
an impenetrable bulwark against all the attacks of the
wicked. They will disappear as smoke at the sight of
those who pursue the path of honour and glory. Long
live the not ton—Loog live the religion of our forefathers
-Long live the Government that makes us happy and
(roe !
"Head-quarters of Division, at Algesiras, Feb. 1,1820,
" Commandant-Genet al of the First Division,
" Racist DX Ittsuo."

ITALY.
--.6.-- -

EN TR ICT OP A PRIVATE LETTIR, DAVID PIP 1, 101. 28.
'Nu; Wand Duke has been residing here for these last
two months, but without his Court; consetiuently, his
is more the' life of a private individual than that of a
prince. His chief amusement consists in field sports,
for which he has the finest opportunity possible—a very
large extent of fine country well stocked with various
sorts of game. The Coulee is a district country, extend-
ing along the sea-shore from the month of the Arou to
that of the Senchio, between six and seven miles long,
and five or six miles deep on wide. Some portion of it
is allotted to cultivation, but it is principally laid out
for the prapervation of game, while it at the same time
affords pasture to nearly three thousand head of cattle of
the most beautiful and improved breeds; as well as to a
rah of camels. which I mu told at present exceed a hen-
Bred in number, and are constantly worked. With all this
population of wild and tame, native and exotic animal,
there is still a tolerably extensive cultivation of grain,
chiefly maize; and notwithstanding all this, the district
hears the marks of native wildness, but of a country also
formed since the creation by the united force of the sea,
the wind, and the confine of those two rapid and destruc-
rsive rivers. I u one part you have an extensive plain, that
fatiguesthe eye to look over ; in another there is a beauti-
lot variety of hill and dale; those hills too formed by the
•iolent tempests and rushing of the waves from the whole
sweep of the Mediterranean, raised up into ridees of fine
mod to the bright of from Ilio to 200 feet (perpendicular),
with their sides sloping and winding, and covered
with antiquated ilex, whose deep roots and never
ceasing foliate prevent the same natural causes which
formed three hills from transporting them else•vliere,
and trowel and shelter the humbler pigmies of the ye-
ee Mine world from the mine fate. Some of these how-
ever seem to imitate the
,frog in the fable, and stretch
themselves np as if to rival the venerable and stately
trees that preserve them. These in their tarn serve the
name Are to the nest minor shrubs, the cistus, the
heath and the fern, by the side of which grow the still
more humble moans sad lichens. Many of these are
very beautiful, and wirild afford an extensive and in-
',resting fief,' to the lovers of botaly. and vegetabk phy-
biology.
