...

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JoLTI9.

The Bishop of Chester was introduced l.y the Bishops of Ely
lod (Word, and took the oaths and his seat.
The Royal Assent was notiOed by Cot mosion to Vote of
Credit Bill, the Peace Preservation Bill, the Toleration Bill,
the Prisoners of Var Pa Bill, the Loesi Tolons' Bill, tip
'Wrecked Spirits and T.ihaects Bill, the Saocknoldere Relict°
Dill, the Poor Debtors' Relief Bill. the London Prisons' Ell
St. fie net's-fields Iniprovement Bill, the Aloorgelds I mproveF
sent lli.l, do. Woods and Forests' Bill, nod the Irish lasts's.
Debtors' 1:-U.
The t'ohmiwioners were the Archbishop of Canterbury, the
Lord Chancellor, sad Lord Walsiagnam.
Respectlft the lodises Atidavit Bill, the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR abesevett; that it required further consideration. If
Its tSfeet was oriel* to register afffdavits to facilitate the proof
Of handwriting relitive tolaelosurellills, there (melt, be little
sohjesloo twit ; but If it Oa% intended that these A idavits were
to serve as proofs of ghe.Ltets sested is them. their LorNhips
would; no doubt, native aplal while before they sancti.,iord a
proceeding by wiiieb they would give up the mast ellltctual test
of blokes ta Ilse Idlegatiins Ina prise* Bill, the examination
of witoesses est war open oath, there being no doubt that were
It ism for that examination open oath before their Lordships'
Committee, private Rills might frequently operate the greatest
illinstire too Rads is:dividuals. With the vies, Sentfore,
that th, lint might be more fatly cooddered. his Lordship
moved that it be read a second time this day three ssoadmi.--
Ordered.
INAOLVE,'T DEBTORS.
The Into/vest Debtors' thil for Hogisod wasagnioed returned
from the Commons, by Srf James nenitain and other limbers,
ss kb the last Amendments of the Loris agreed to.
Adjourned lIY to-morrow ;this day).

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
•
New Writs were ordered for the Colony of Londonderry, in
the room of T.ord George Bamford, appointed to the 'hoodoo
of Comptroller of the Homebold, and General Stewart appoint-
ed to the.sitaation of Groom of the Bedchamber.
Sir FRANCIS RURDLTT hoped the Right Honourable the
Chancellor of the Eaelwtmer mold not object to the prodne-
bon of the Paper moved for by him yesterday, newly, a Copy
of a written litalleinest made on the Pth of May. 11112, to the late
Mr. Perceval, by James Poole, Esq lute Deputy Inspector
lneneral of Foreign Corps, and triummitted by Mr Perceral to
Francis Peiteval LiSot, Etq, one of the Auditors of Public Ac-
ponds.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXPIEQUERsaid he objected
to the production of this Paper, as being Din private nature.
Sir F. BUR nErr mid the Paper in question contained a da-
rt charge 'Embezzlement of the public money, and, there-
re, it, being of a private nature, was no memo why it ought'
not to be produced.
Mr. Wt l A RTON objected to it, Ist. became it was of a pd.
vase nature ; and, Silly, because it conveyed a direct libel on*
great number of individuals who could not O&M themselves ;
hod particularly against the late Mr. Windbag). riff Accounts'
mmecting Foreign Corps were voluminous, ond progress was
;tow making in adjusting them but till that astjostment it was
impossible to enter into any disciirsion of the Paper in question,
wine a was extremely loose, and could not be intelligible well
Without rrfrrence to the Accounts.
The Motion was agreed to he withdrawn.
A RMT AGENTS.

Mr.COCIIRAISig JOIINS ONE said, he should

move for the production of certain accounts for the
purpose of ascertaining the situation in which the
public were placed by the employment of Army
Agents. He had made a similar motion in 1807. It.:
was not his intention, at this late period of the
B.isslon, to submit any measure to Parliament on the
subject ; but he pledged himself to come forward
early in the next Session with a plan, which, if car- I
Tied into execution, would be attended with a con-I
siderable saving to the public. Another ♦ery im- I
portent consideration was, that every month large I
sums were advanced to Army Agents by Govern-
ment, without any adequate security to the public •
for its application. It would be said. perhaps, that
the Colonels of Regiments were a sufficient security;
but it was well known that Colonels were frequently
mere soldiers of fortune. There was one Agent in ,
particular, Mr. Greenwood, from whom, he was
convinced, the public could ,have no adequate 80011..
Thy for the large sums of money in his hands. Since I
1791, when the Duke of York was appointed to the.!
situation of Commander in Chief, Mr. Greenwood
had got no fewer than 176 battalions of the line. 141
battalions of militia, besi,les artillery and engineer
corps, constituting in all snore than two-thirds of ,
the army. Now, in what a situation would the '
whole army be in if such a house was to step pay-
men& ? He did not mean to call in question that
credit of Mr. Greenwood's house; but such an ac...
cumulation of public money should never be allowed ;
to come into the hands of any private house. They I
ha►l seen respectable houses fail lately, and it was
impossible to say what failures might not yet take
place. He could not refuse his approbation to the
Bill lately passed for the regulation of the 011 ice of
Agent-Getterat of the Volunteers and torsi Militia.
By this appointt-nent of an Agent-General, more
than 34,0001. had been annually saved to the public,
who had also received the security of the Bank of
E►►gland for all monies issued on account of the
Volunteer and Local Militia corps. He concluded
with moving for an Account of the total animal
!Aunts paid to, or due to all and each of the Army
Agents, by way of compensation for trouble, corn.
mission, and every other demand for every Regi-
mind in the establishments of Great Britain and ire-
land, distinguishing etch Regiment and the name of
Its Agent, for the period from 23th December, 1810,
to 4,111 t Des•ember, 1811.—A similar Account for
Rcyal Artillery, Engineer Corps, Waggon Drivers, !
&c.—An Account of the periods at which Payments
were made in advance, and the Surat antacid to
the Regiments ettbe Line and the Artillery, tud the
nature of the Securities taken for the same.--An
Account of the Balance for or against Army Agents,
in as far as the same can be ascertained from th
Books• of the War Office, the Board of Ordnance,
&c. kc.

Mi.I.ONG did not mean to oppose the Motion.
Me believed it would be found, when
the Army A,;ents should he examined,
of any money being dee by them to
antrnry would be found to he the case. -
of the War Office were at, present employed
examination. He lamented that so
a:counts were yet unexamined; hot
d d not lie so- much in the eeeounts
Agents as in those of, the Paymasters
In *early aU the Accounts which had
rained, a 'sty largesusn of money
derby khe Pith* to the Agents.
lance had, le .partienlas, been four
Greenwood, ea the aeceents of those .
which had imegeefellrencamlned, amt.& la
had been entails bp%.that accootilt,•is;
tbereforeale• idleCiewar'iny imprek4oK
apeechntlf‘ nen: Gent. Oahe make
mindsat lame. seam of gooney w<
GemeaFood. - When the Han. Gent.
rig" to bringthrward* plan, he
ce meet him; bat he had teat doubts
Tfault! btittleviomd,lthiplo,would
on Gas ilia& at roast. eat
• . •
. • 441, .
•

__.__.... ~.iy~.

~..i.

rAN.

004'0110bn inhabitants of St. Kltt's and Tortola ?
f t %ildre Usaggins, in the Island of Nevis, had been,
guilty of acts of enormous cruelty, which no man
would hate believed. lie was ordered to be prose-
44416.
cuted by the Assembly of Nevis. These acts of 1
atrocity setec done in the face of day. Mr. Iftiggins
did not dent)! them, and vet a Jery of - Nevis aet
quitted him. And when a Printet' of St. Kitt's pub-
lished in his Wewspaper the Resolutions of the As-
sembly or. Nevis, on which the' prosecution proceed-
ed, that Prjntpr. moo .14iiii,a family of Asa.
Men, was prosecuted for a libel, convicted by a Jury
of St. ike!, ata,tkrown Into prison. Governor
Elliot had to account to Government for the fact.--
He,was astonished to fihd that the Island of Antigua
associated themselves on. the present Occasion with
the other islands. That island, from being the seat
of the Government, and containing a greater num-
bee of persons from England, had always borne a•
higher character than the rest, and it vas not in.
I eluded by Govetivor Elliot in the opinion delivered'
by him. The exceptions to be found to this general
character in these islands were the more laudable as
i they were so few in number. With respect to the
case of Mr.. Hodge, of Tortola, he had not been
the death of one man but of many. One witness
said, be bad whipped sixty slates to death. He had
invented new modes of torture and punishment, by
pouring boiling'water down the throat and otherwise.
This man was convicted, but what was strauge
enough,, he was recommended by a majority of the
Jury to mercy. One would have expected that the
only difficulty would have been to prevent the mob I
'from tearing him to pieces, and anticipating the pa•
i nishment of the law ; but Governor Elliot was
obliged to call out the Militia to preserve the peace
of the community, which there was every probabi-
lity would be endangered by attempts to rescue this
man from execution. The popular spirit was strongly
opposed to this execution. The inhabitants had as
much philanthropy as the people of any country simi-
larly situated; but if was impoisible for slavery to
prevail in any country, without hardening the heart,
and deadening the feelings of humanity. He had
lived there, and he knew that in no place whatever
t was there more sympathy than prevailed there be-
,
tween men of a white complexion for one another ;
but it must not go forth to .o British Parliament
. without contradiction while he had a tongue in k,
i that the state of society iu these islands did not le-
I quire great emendation. With respect .to another
part of Governor Elliot's Letter, which had been
found fault with, the calling the Lawyers self-edu-
rated, he had to say, that when he was in the West
Indies, and till very lately, according to his informa-
tion, only a $ ery few indeed of the Lawyers were from
the English Bar.
Mr. BROWNE said, the majority of the white
inhabitants of Tortola were in favour of Mr. Hodges'
execution. •
tlr. , JACKSON said, Mr. laming was only
spoken to by his own family, so mio was he held in
detestation. . .

Mr. STEPHEN and Mr. JACKSON mutually
explained.
Tne CHANCELLOR. of the EXCHEQUER
said, there warno men less likely to pass indiscrimi-
nate censure on any class. of peoPle thin Governor
Elliot. It was not fair toemui&this Speeches and
Addresses an hit Vet at rival as toy: criterion of his
sentiments. These Witvillte • natural diltates of his
politeness in return for the hospitality heexperieaced.
He wished the motion to be 'postponed till' neat
Session. . • •
Mr. JACKSON said be would not press it irrithe
House.
The motion waidsen withdrawn witkthe consent
of the House • the which the House adjhuited. . •

FRENCH PAPERS.
PAIUS.Lv 9i —lstellijeuee kw • been received from the
Grand Army, of the dates( 1011 i dory. Tbs Iseadioarton wore
still at Willis. His Modesty cootiosed to enjoy tios best health.
--f foto -not do Jtily
WIRSIA., JULY I.—ne everts yshun hooka/ism OR tee 28th of
- cue be eromwable is the apes* ibis P' On that

Awl*, slut
day we had tie Road fort use to beheld within oar "Mb the Em-
peror of the Freseh. the Klee of Italy. at the beadle his invin-
cible legless, among whom we recognised- many ewer fellow-
chisels' five dte Ducky of Warsaw, —No rawer bad the Kea
shun retreated-heyead Aetekol aid the Green bridge s as mow
er had the citizens takes posseasioe of the chief guard. Months,
advanced Polish and French •squadrons of cavalry wetness,
hastening towards the place. The bead Magistrate. the princi-
pal loltabltatos. soda greet concourse of peo;le, went to meet
the victories, army. carrying the keys of the town. The Wag
of the Two Sallies received the Dessittatioa in the most
mason. Anew this ceremony the Deputation preeeeeess to
widths kalif as mile of Poen, to pay homage to dee Emperor
and King. The Emperor Na*m received the Deputation
with his neeestome4 couloomm; and. of er a rapid awe-
tion of the Grand Army, he gave ostlers for taking pesessoina of
the town. The Polish llohtos of the dth restiaseua. cononsandest
by Prince Medlin. were the dna who este the capital of the
Jagellons. The sight of the Polish stattiLteds excited the meet
noble trthesiturs, revived the most cheering recollecting in 16..1
minds *Ellie eitiseln. We presently beheld, on the bankseflial
th-se same werrias who have rendered the Felt* awl
illustrious. as the banks of the Dolmas, the Tiber., the '1
owalthe lids. la their vast; we recognised the Princes rat.
nievil, .4apielsa. Songuskos eosins Krasiinki. Cbodkisot
wits t Generals Soksilnieki. A xanistowbki, Broaikowskko
and ethers. vitae SWIM will ever dear to the Litheaqiank.
As soon as the Emperor and King made his eppearnnet. Me.
sentiments (if paternal afraid, with which they lad jest bees
peeetrated. breame Mended bids those of pw&tind admiration.
)1 t the pght • of die.Esayerise Napoleon,, the hie reseeded with
heclousabonstog,,p The people followed him in crowds wher-
ever he went s all were anxious to haven sight 9f bins, ali• felt
eager to impress upon their hearts the image of this mighty man.
00 the Etna 'Frit* at the the inhabitants retururd
• ho r

ititcd eel
or
tpel eel nive to the ttellioveceritti thuet of SC.:ot. provincesikitirialetit:.;
the RUPlian armies. Itit the cares of tbe Rai
1 his paternal atfection towards the itthahitants. itts Majesty li(4-
Ares that the cuuotry shall be spared as merh are
restored .aati pro, Isi mu seen red for the sa ppurt of the town, as
as the oral. rile 'haps which bad ;wen saut from the carotid:.
meat of the retreat or the ituleau army are again opeued. Jail; liner the arrival of the Emperor, the military bare been Jail;
exercised. The pmple always assemble is crowds to admired:le
troops, who, notwithstandiag the rapidity of their march, ea,,
not the lertst appearance of fatigue. his Maje.sty frequents
gets ,011 horeba•:k to visit the magazines and military hospitati,
Axe B.—tlis Majesty pay. a daily vis:t to the banks or tee
Villa, and points sod the points which ought to he fortifird.
We hare already. established fortitteatium uu the maineare
which the castle is silent d, sad the worts el'a prosecuted will
astonishing industry and ettirct. A Commission has been favolta
fair the C 'Trawls; :. at &A consisted oal vet
Jive Mateetrhis Alice adtvl two other mfrs.
bet:, Count Alexander -Polokl. sad Sairelecki, itector of to
of Wdow Oa thoday of its ionallation the Gn.
passim; biped three Prodarnatheas; the hr 4 is addressed to it,
nation, mad sets forth that the Committee fur the Prurisieset
`-floverarneut of Uthoania, bold their Session at the hotel of no
" releaser tiovernment ; and expired, with animation, the testi.
reek of geatitude with which all :he Palmate peactratesi, for
the au Burt person:lite who has restated the liberties of Poland*
, Im di.: ireend Prwhimatibe the Gomel nee address themselve to
the Clergy, and exhort them to second, With all their infto.
i giros, the seal of the I.rsworthy. Poles; _th id to Implore, 'by leek
prayers, the Div H
iefavour, es order that we may reader
selves worthy of the headland acts of our deliverer: ?be thin;
I Proclamation has the its object the recall of the Polish milker;
serving in the Russian army. It is as follows I—
! " Potts !—Yee are under the colours of Russia; this lea
vice was allowed to you, ol a period when you had no Jaeger ti
I= j but now a most laspoetam thane has eaten place:.
is, ask were, risen from the dead; it is for its esthete.
'Wrathy*, that It behoves you now to fight; as it compels the
amnions te acknowledge the rights of which we have been de.
Owed by rapine and usurpation. The Getters! Coofederatina
. of Poked and Lithuania reeds all the Poles from the services(
Rook. tienerah, Dead, and Polith Soldiers! lists: to de
voice of your country; abandon the steads:* sf year efpre.
T Roth; rally all of you wooed us, la elder that you me take
. peke mations under the Eagle of the J agellani, the aM
the dobieskis t Your ceeetry calls and yoalley t ass
• imergar and rellgius pet le their i dab= to rear in.
_ _

___
The Coeunittee is occupied with 'segment and indetosinum
staa=aeve/ settled that can promote the interests of the Go.
t. The department of Wilma is already tensed I elms
Ihdrpefecturee are established; the new frecieeared ate ite
Walled in tbeierespeetive Jerisdie lees ; Commissaries have beta
Sat into every arrondissement to organise the'rationel gad,
and to mile local corps. As to provisions, the Magistrates el
earh divisioh hue received 'estrus:does to secure whatever us
be strictly necessary for the subtheme. of the inhabitants, ml,
to exchange the sullies for articles receivable le &sada den
enotribetsons. As the dighrNiee of measures may be prodeeties .
of Mich einharniemseet, the Committee of Government has re.
quested the Commute/AA:need of the Army to eetablish a
student between the etagere of the votary and the Freed
sneesures. The Coalasittee of the Gegerseseat having karat by
a letter Irma the Prince of Neefclietels that kW Mod=
suers requested to ramie M Wiens an their pink), has welt
answer, that the, knew iellike ofd *miasma, argued
thatter,
they 'hued ise required indivaalq-to give a p IN ON
corky, which kis presumed they will feel so dike.* to
as the greaser pad gif them are stiasiciled at Wilma. Insures
Hoes have been met to the Delegates at Cumin', htinsk, and
Bielystoek, to Metal In their resebostive towns the Public Feu
Ilingerers, embody the militia, and to me every Means in their
potter fee the molar supply of pulsioes. Le conformity
i the re quisitiog of the Gavemmadiesieral, the Committee bas
mops orders to the cagy to the dime, of k ilea, to proviso
tee the sweating of the inillesey In the calweete sake *Mello
rWktien; iai, Witty, the Committee is deviting the ace cf.
fedora MOB of regaled the peels, and supplying the deficiency
of the amble* which the enemy has marled away or datroyel.
—(Conrier Or Lit/muleO
Oahe. wawa MACOMMIII Juts' the late Ekes
day. we see almost every day abut 810 oxen pins through ibis
place, demised to the grand army._ They make tone layer a
day, and are yoked invitees to wicker carts.
Beseue. Jot's' 3.—The Ruskin quitted tlMtNnppaathe%l.
The inhabitants assembled on the 3d. They Imasodlalel7 drew
stp a d ,red declaring their accession to the general km
of PAW,. They at the same time appointed Deputies, ithe
are on their way in Warsaw. It is impossible to diatribe their
enthusiasm.
I Tani, Ara P4.—The following Order of the Day has hem
published beret—
', Petnias. I—Bessia, wishes far war; she bee commescei
it. The :rand. Army. of which yen make* part, sees you with
pleasure in Its asks, Our sagest Monarch reckon, upon year
bravery; they have their eyes deed open yon,to applaud yea
seceded as. Mil trivrard them.
' • • a MACDONALD, Doke of Tousles."
W.tsanw, Jere 3.—lt le a lee oecepetion, without 601,
to follow a amigo through the different ages of its exideme—to
cratemplate the developments of its iatency, mad Its appease's"
to materity--and to arrive. after a bog soccessioa eff ages ad
vicissitudes, at that epoch of armpit and viper, which feeds is •
its prosperity andSory. But this is *My a spectacle a evert
day, and i matter constant seceessiun with us since the was
et ,yeeterday. What as interestivig and memorable some hal.
in fact, been opened to as. An dare people eshibits itself es
the face of the earth; and completely forged—it Aomori! et it, ,
to make use of the exprewion esempletely armed. Opal his
single, word Potted 1 sass: ;liew vast weenteles, which, for
twisty years were covered with earning crape, now wirer
themselves to be seem by the astonished op. Sixty thomied
Poles opting forward Onwards the Puna; and is order Oat coo.
rage should be by wisdom. prosiest Mintstersos
ancient Senate, Nand weans Depedes, *amble, mote,
and preclaim-s count/ Si leer lost, It is is vain (buena has
thee wee weed. The. Aka of it eat get he cesealted exml
by those who have heard It mooed in tho Hall of * added
rates. Auissaatimaand expositing/If tendergess were poured
, forte on every side. la an anent she Hall was hied with sir
, timed admin. The. specular, is milMi by their model,
• raised kick Poeta !Mum ..and Me& elltalo each other keg
! the oPPltsit,* variegated of the 11.16 n, if they bad onlylages
to know cues Mier teem the. atesseet when they markt wih
cdl tbeinselva their ',ideal saiee... But a is theidet er this
&xi tallest, the 4perving eye peed get withhold .klaitff Atan
reici the Predestieged theAsledess Itedle
the of the
I tone lees ma Me aTrit shoWdleertitomeet
effectual peetatises have Wee as M avoid every' thing del
could as impediment to thespeag of the Nadu turents in
remetabehanent. Persona adarellas end anciesitireds
• above Milieu norirked as the menthes mem to br drawled; at
. from the fresh acclamations 'seeing by the detestation of the
oblivion of Wades. we may judge that Wawa* is net mit
fek by the whe, bit also Oat it is uecomearldget theorise
the unties. The endintiant is general -sib
'arle the me eleggifie asever r petriutls•
appeorNi in the pulite walk. le di dread, is
dor saloon of the nation were bleak/ with a ;rem deal
I if:Vence la the-Vetoing, the Ladles of the Nobility per
tbmaletses ig Pelee habits star Meal of his 'wellies.
PolaiknrmadshoelithebCprdeimeeedrimmile. 'lwo. Leameldotaliziriedlnittbeillilewaltis
et
Wide dederetiositif the Contederatioe. 10111‘ oar the other by
' -OM eand Wake Ah -old a mother
is finding her me asleep, A:shale:U.3l4kt, athe I they art
a Pole! Apples*. my Andrea; love roe sow more than
ever, store yet have ogee snore a sentry ! What may not
be expected isms a people which, lathe alibi it lb calsmittel.
has been able to reserve so good a natamisphit, and which
-- itself,"
