THE STA'r

•ecellent. • Trite It Will that it had a Parliament's bake
that Parliament seldom met, and had no power bet Ns
impose taxes, and • to make conditions—(Hear, hear)
—when they were granted. If any doubt rensainid
on this sehjewt..s periled of documents furnished by
the. Noble Lord himself, would soon dimipate dip il-
lusion, and it would be seen that the Constitution of
Sicily, inch at it had existed up to 1813, we, sot
inch, bit it would mind' of a very tolerable semi-
tute being found for it. We had only claimed a right
to interfere with the internal policy of Sicily so far as
to prevent the lust of any of their former privileges
from being associated with the occupation of their
Island by the British.. Whatever had been dope or
attempted sines 1816, he must protest against its being
supposed that Sicily had ever been so placed under
the snperintenlance of England as to make this coun-
try in any way responsible for all the changes which
had taken place. The instructions sent out to our Mi-
nister at Naples the Noble LIM had been pleased to en-
dorse, and to say that In his judgment better home-
lions could not have been devised. These had been
acted ups' by a Minister of great ability (and he knew
of no inelividoal in the line more competent to the
discharge of functions like thase with which be had
been charted than Sir W. A'Court), and in his jedg-
ment he hail aeteil on them with perfect propriety.
That in lividnal had been called upon not in hid pub-
lic character. but in his private capacity, by tbe On-
verument of Naples, so give his opinion on the changes
which they were about to make In the Government,
and in particular to warn theta of any thing which
might give this country a claim to interfere with their
internal policy. In this he (the Marquess of London-
derry) could see nothing that was wrong. He bad
never thought it the province of this country to look
at the arrangements in that minute way which the
Noble Lord seemed to consider had become its duty.
He held that this Government was as incapable of mi-
nutely judging of their system, as it was of framing a
Constitntion exactly suited to their wants. Ile would
now call on the House to look at the way in which Sir
W. A'Court had expressed himself with respect to the
projected change in the Sicilian Government, at the
period when it was abort to take play —[this Lord-
chip Isere real a letter from Sir W. A'Court, in which
he described every person of note who hail taken part
with the English to he nominate., t I places of trust
and importance under the new Government.)—Theis at
least relieved the English Government from all dread
of a re-action--frem all fears, that those who had
been attached to th?en would become objects of perste-
cntion. The system then laid down had been acted
upon in such a spirit of mildness, that in the course
of six years not one complaint haul been heard on the
subject within those walls, always excepting that of
Capt. Romeo. hooking at the general system, he could
not see any thing that inade against the inhabitants of
Sicily, or against the general prosperity of the island.
—lf not to have objected to the Union was a fault, he
must plead guilty to it and own that he had not taken
fire at that which the Noble Lord might consider the
principal subject of complaint. The union he regarded
as tending to elevate Sicily. The principle on which
the union with Scotland lead been affected was this, that
Scotland should retain for hesself whatever belonged to
Scotland ; but 'that her natives should be entitled to as
match as they could find in any other part of the empire.
So it was in this ease. Every thing in_ Sicily wsa. L.l
belong exclusively to Sicily. There was to he no Neapo-
litan Bishop of Palermo. No native of Naples might
shew his face in Sicily as a candidate for any of the great
offices there. All these were to he retained hr the Sici-
lians. They were thus to here a nice little freehold of
their own in Sicily, while they were at liberty to seek at
Naples whatever they might wish for on the other side
of flee water. He aid not know but the Parliament
would meet as often as it lead been accustomed to meet.
Heretofore it bad never been called tvgether but when the
King was in want of money, and there was as good a
chance of his wanting money under the new system, as
there ever hail been tinder the old one. The feudal sys-
tem, which had so long been the subject of complaint,
had been done away. so that the conditions of the Sici-
Baas instead of being rendered worse than formerly, had
actually been improved, as it appeared to him, and err.
tainly nothing tsanspired that he could view as jus-
tifying interference between the Government and
the people on tloe part of Great Britain.—lised Mi-
nisters carried their interference further than
they had carried it, he was persuaded that the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman opposite would have male
him feel the weight of his arguments against such a
coarse, and have pressed bins more severely .on that
subject than he apprehended he should be pressed this
night, for adopting that line of policy which Minis-
ters had thought it their duty to prefer. Mach more
would have been urged against their coniluet, if, in-
stead of abstaining from unnecessary interfere nee.
they hail takes upon themselves to regulate the affair.
of Sicily, to determine what should be its form of
leaver 00000 Pelt, and what the amount of .taxation in that
island. The absence of complaint furnished a pear.
deal proof that no serious grievances had been expe-
rienced. No ground whatever for our interference
had been TA& our, and consequently—me ground for
the present motion had been, laid,. which* c.elled for
at all, bar' been brought foiWard 'ltillicifelf"too late,
at a moment when the very system against which the
Nobly lewd raised his voice was, as he believed. com•
pletely al an end.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH would argue the question on'
the pretends which the Noble Marquess had stated were
those on which it ought to be argued, nut taking a very. I
seisms. or microscopic view of the subject, Met sapport-
ing the motion because it appeared to loim that this Go-
vernment haul deviated from the principles laid. down ita
its dispatches and public papers, and hail neglected those
duties to the Sicilians which it bad solemnly hound it-
self to perform. Hs expressed surprise at hearing the'
emboli of then three kingdoms compared with the an-
nexation of Sicily to Naples. and sheered that the rases
wen different. He maintained that the Nolde lord was
Justified in bringing forward his motion now and not
before, as it was but recently that lee lead become ac-
quainted with the pledge given by this county; to main-
tain the ancient condition of Sicily. • The instructions
Predated, bad not been aontwat to Sir W. AVourt till
eighteen months after the change bad taken place in flee
Uoveranseat. He could wish to sae the origival instruc-
tions sent oat to Sir W. A'Const. as he thought it almost
impossible tihat lnattruetioas should not have been tent
sat at an eiklier 'period ; and. he ,thenglet it probable
that a reellssih dieeOrdaece would be Mind between the
tone held daring the war in ISM and that assumed
Asia the Mika bad ifisunpheel in lisl6. The Noble
Lord had *Wed himself to shats airst„yhat individuals
cad not ett*red trout their wearsection with Englated ;
end ?ereendly; that the -not cosuplalited
er nar noLideirferfag ia their' *l4 IL. With respect
-o the first, it teasmild that nu( a sitrgie alifb•plaiess
• cad been made but that of Capt. 'tome*. Could this

/fleece arise from the universal satishetion which had
been 'aspired by the cominet of the flovernment ? No !
—the universality of silence proved to him the exitence
of distrust, fear. and despair—A dread of the resent-
ment of their own Ooverninent if they in ide a tom:

plaint, ant a fear that nothing that England would do
could console them under the persecution to which,
acting curb a part, they wnnlil expose themselves.—
That sort of assoraace on which the Noble Lord re-
lied, we might obtain from Algiers, Morocco,
or Siberia. He would argue the question on three
grounds—Ant, be would enquire whether there
was any evident* before the House, or before
Europe. to prove that it was impracticable to reform
the constitution established under the auspices of the
Noble Lord. Secondly, if there was, whether the
ancient Constitution of Sicily, whirls was to have
been restored. bad not been destroyed ; and,
thirdly, whether the change now made by the
King of Naples, which bad re-opened the question,
was not a departure for the worse from the sys:em
of Government established in 1816, in which this
country bad acquiesced; and on all these points be
would contend that the motion of the Noble Lord was
entitled to the support of the House. In the first
-place be was surprised that the Noble Marquess should
treat with ridicule the reverential attempt which had
been made to imitate the forms of Cie British Consti-
ttstion, by a people new to legislation. He wished to
know where the Address to the King of Sicily to de-
visee new form of Government was to be found. He
had read the proceedings of the Sicilian Parliament
but found nothing of the kind, and he understood that
many of the leading members were of opinion that no
site+ measure was necessary, and were satisfied that
the Parliament was capable of reforming itself. The
Marquess Circello and Sir Wiliiam A'Court did indeed
speak of the difficulty of elTecting any sllutary change
in the old constitution. But how did they speak of it?
It was merely alluded to in a parenthesis, whereas it
ought to have been so clear that nothing could be
more satisfactory to a man's conscience and smiler-
standing. He believed that the only difficulty of et
fecting a reformation was the objection of the Parlia-
ment to submit to an absolute monarchy. l'he Minis-
ters of the King of Naples thought otherwise. They
were anxious to bring into operation the political
maxims upon which their own despotic lioyernment
was founded. Daring all our negociattons with the
Court of Naples, the treaty which she had entered
into with the other tyrannical Powers of Europe, bad
been kept entirely out of our sight. It had been con-
cealed by her, even from her closest Ally, and scot even
the Noble Lord, or Sir William Aleourt were aware of
its existence. Bound, as she was, by that nefarious ar-
ticle to establish a despotism throughout all the states
of the King of Naples, it was easy to account for
her eagerness to rivet the chains of the Sicilians.
Were they then to take the evidence of this lloyern-
'tient, determined and bound as it thus was to destroy
the very Cimstitntion which it denied the possibility of
reforming, and after it had descended so far as to de-
ceive its own most intimate Ally ? The Noble Lord
said that they found many conspiracies on foot, and that
was a reason for dismembering. the ancient Constitu-
tion. Ile wished to tread lightly upon the ashes of the
dead, and to speak with the strictest delicacy where the
female name and Anne were implicated. itnt he would
call upon the Noble Lord to say, whether it was in the
Parliament of the Two Manes, or whether it was not in
the Capital, in the Court. in the family of the King of
Naples ? The people of Sicily clung fast in their vene-
ration and lore to this country, because it was the an-
cient seat, the classic ground of liberty. They looked
to England, not because she was Engla.nd, but
because she was a free country. They never ex-
pelled that an English Minister would declare the
practical abolition of their Parliament as a trifling
matter, and which required a microscopic eye to deter-
mine whether or not there was a violation of Constitu-
tional principal. The English Bovernment bad holiml
itself not only to restore the antient llovernment of Si-
cily, but at the came time to protect the growth of new
institutions and of mproved principles of legislation. The
Noble Lord said he could draw no comparison between;
the two( ioyernments. The fact was that the present was as
simple as any Government could be—it was, as he haul be-
fore stated, what our forefathers called alit mple espoti sou
To she King was given the right, if lie choir to exert
it, of altering the taxes, by taking off some, and izu •
posing others in their stead. Stippot•ing, by the exer-
cise of this power, the taxes of the people were to be
raised to treble their original amount. What was to
i detect such practices, if the Parliament never could as- :
seeable but at the pleasure of the King, and the pee-
ple were left without a Parliatueut to contronl the sop.;
ply? Where was the budget? And where was their
• lion. Member far Aberdeen to detect its fallacies, and
to point out and curb its estravaganer ? It was said
that the Sicilians were not tit for political liberty, and
that personal liberty and protection to their lives sod
property, were all that they were formed to enjoy. He
wondered that they were not quite to be reduced to ass
Asiatic sublimity of liberty. But he would challenge any
of these sublime philosophers to show in what period
of history, in what region of the world civil liberty
was ever long in exiyeare without political liberty to
support it; in Englawil, if they looked backwards,and
saw the King, Lords, and Cousins of this country
divided against each other, bow much pretext would
there have been for their saying also that the people of
England were not it to enjoy political liberty. The
cues were the same, and no distisetion could be drawn
betwixt them. This goverament in Sicily was tried
hut for two years. and then it wet decided that an ab-
solute monarchy alone retold govern the people. 11
the &Elisio Constitution had been tried in a situ'.
lan manner at many persons during its infancy, it
must have met the same fate. He called upon that
House, which had risen from small beginnings to be
the greatest Representative Assembly that the world
ever saw, to vomiter into the circumstances which

could jainity the abolition of a free Uovernmeat after
a trial of two years. This Oacereneent had bees abo-
lished' by the oaken of the two Itiopheens. besause it
gave the King the power of raising his revenue with-
, out the sonseet of Parliamest, whit'. I. consequence
was delver likely to be called together. The only tie
which we held in this country spas the Sovereign for
the mumbling of Parliament was. the Necessity ut
haying. the Supplies voted. This mast be dome yearly.
and Parliaseest was arcordiagly compelled ta ameneblr
once diming every year. Under the old. Uovenement
of Melly the Supplies wemgralied as he had before
-said (queekonniallyl), amid& based a guarantee foe
"rorresponellax eassilker of that Parliament. But al-
though Nit V. Alison had laramoily ponied 'galas
abrogating en ParXonsoot ahogetiree. yet by tsldOiN
away this cheek, ticy had in fact abeogated the tight

~.Ikl.-..

soil liberties of the people. The Councils whirl weer
now established did not go to transfer the rights of
the old Parliament so mach as to destroy them situ.
;ether. These Councils were not necessarily tern.
posed of the Nobles of Sicily, oste of Members of
learned and respectable professions. The most ols.
score proprietor in the islands was eligible, and they
were most likely to be compose-1 of such persons ; they
being the description of men eh's*, lle the obselnions
slaves of a despotic Uoverniesent. The lime was sew
arrived when this despotism most be established, sal
10,000 troops were said to be en the point to debark
upon the shores of Sicily. These mercenaries were to
force an upstart despotism, not these weeks old, Spin
the miserable people who had bona promised the pro.
teciiun of this country. There was a passage is the
l)ecrec of this new liovernmeat of Naples, which seed
in private, had excited in his oiled the deepest in4l./.
nation. When he saw this despotism of three woks
growth, threatening to send amongst a people !origin(
to be free, WWII mercenary troops,and caddie, that
people that althongh debased from the enjoyment nt
the rights of It.tropean citizens, almost to the condi-
tion of Asi stir slaves, they had, according to the law
guage of the decree, as mach isdopeadenco as was
good for them, Ise could set but tiled with wormier,
indignation, and abhorrence.—(Heer, hear.)
The HunsediriZed—For the oration, 33—Agaiair
it, 63—:1Ipjurity against it, 34.

LAYS ACE CIRCULAR.
tleveeUlla lied, °,:.nbaanint eit.dticalhlectVerkwo°e considered
efh:ti.apcth.roldheinela:hnEdtiaiYistleriii:ewaevaraeoaorsotjahsowitesiniedtthlnortiatcfnisohosigeunhihnreersgubhAnotwahldadiesei?daeis:vealf(h4Phdwile":;lrrsweleteo..
b
At the breaking up of the late Congress, held at Lap
'melt, a Circular was keeled from the Courts of At m.
trio, Russia, and Preside, to their respective Wasters
at Foreign Courts, which, after reprobating the Ho-
adotions which had taken place, proceeded to state
their views of the conditions under which any sable.
'pent reform might to be allowed. The Rea. ile:a•
her th-n read the passages from the Circular above
alluded to, and contended, that it went to say. that no
reform whatever should hereafter take place, bat what
emanated from that power which lied had readered
responsible; namely, the Monarchs of the differeat
nations. Now, he would ask the Hulse of Commons,
' if this had been recognisAl as the public law, whether
this country would ever have arrived at the system of
!Platy which it now enjoyed? On the rostrata,
every thing which we possessed bad been obtained
from our Sovereigns by the force of arcs.—•(Hear,
hear, hear.)—He sisould not hare felt it necessary le
bring forward the present motion, if the Allied Me.
reigns had thought proper to apply their doctrine ta
their own States. Mut when they laid it down as the
public law of Europe, with a view to prevent all reform,
however salutary it might be, he thought it became the
duty of this cootutry to renounce it altogether, as eppli-
cable to herself. Ile had said upon a former occasion,
and he still felt, that the late revolution at Naples did
not emanate from the people as a hotly, but from a par-
tienlar party. But then Austria did not march epos
Naples to protect its people, bat to pat dews the revolu-
tion upon the principles laid down in this Circular, that
no reform should be effected at all. Irises the twee'
riots first took place, there were several moodiest quiet,
during which the King certainly appeared to agree is
the then existing order of things. This armadas*
he took to be a sufficient reams; why the Austria's had
no longer a right to interfere. The revolution which
afterwards took place in Piedmont was also brooght
Awn by a particular party in the State, sad tint a
very small one. From all the circnusstances which at.
teude.l it, he contrived that dotage to have bees prep
nano with danger to the existing power of Austria, sod
upon that ground she lambi have been justified in islet
termite. lint she did nut interfere upon that grated
She chose again to avow that her interference went
upon the principle that no revolution, no refer.
should be allowed which did not proceed from the will
of a sovereign. He mast again oliject to this prioelph
as an Englishman. because he felt it to he founded is
a spirit of intolerance, and to he directly opposed to
all the doctrines of public law associated with the
practice of the English constitution. if ewer the
armies of foreign powers who acted upon each priori-
plea could have made their way to this country, it
world never have been in the enjoyment of its motet
blessings. Spain would at this moment have bees
orer•rnn with troops as Naples is, if there had Ni
likewise existed the difficulty of conveying troop
that country. Although that nation was now in meth
a state that no man email look at it wit!) any deeo
of elitist scsion, yet it wattld have been still wawa
by being in the power of foreigners, which WISH
bare been the ease, if they toned by any mesas Nih
reached it. Ile hoped he should be led to say Seth‘ef
personally harsh towards the Allied Sovereiglat
he must observe, that if they atterapal to crest de m.
selves into a Court for the goveramont sad distal*
of Europe, they must not be surprised if they Mod
things said in a free country, which world not be jo►
tilled under other circumstances. Notwithdamilag
the document to which be referral had been published
in the newspapers of the day, it was possible that it
might nut be faitblnlly translated, sod he ANA
therefore, only move upon the present °resell*, le
address fur copies of the antheatic decontrols. " 111+s
.
they might know decisively what were the reel pril!
ciples upon which these power* were acting. If ha
Noble Friend had any official reasons why the puller-
Lion of these papers would be improper, be elessi.l
certainly not press his motion. Ile had kit Ilidaue;
duty to call the attea4.l Of the House to that
he was apprehensive most be Watt* the liberties of the
people of Europe, and coneeqaently to time* of the peo-
ple of England.--(Hear.)--The Hee. Member
eluded by
seated to his Majesty, praying that w
be laid before this House Copies of the Cireelar.ills-
'moving ',that an bumblek_addradial
amfbe
OfproattmecdhtLahadetylurbesoaversedhn:sitio;tuthhtes
nfor .AmiresaistgrrnrihlllacliKnoinst.2lei.rsa.daaajuseb..levuuriarepie.._A
of a Declaration issued by the some
Powers. see
bearing the same date."
.b time to the mallow before the Hoollt_
be agreed eriaceriMdendawbitsluhl:svaireroyfaLina:urtNl
0.7 a. sw,
anyhual tt
liellaingoi4otaeirteseelliathist:
. jetted lett upon !rum' priseiflasb as gat a. We

r

the mood that it involved a common principle Of
brliamentary practice. It was, ho beliefed, a cool.
ise sod well knows principle, that it was bold highly
epedisot to predate potters or doesosents, and to
Ytbem upon the table of that House withoat their
wing to some ultimate object. He could conceive no
progiple more calcalated to commit the great conside-
rs** of national tranquillity, than to take notice of
leery State paper hatted by a Foreign oovernosent.-
01 Noble Ii osd said, that be did sot stand there to
sped all the principles and doctrines avowed by the
OW Sovereigns; but it was not to be forgotten, that
ochres doctrines had gone abroad—doctrines fall of
ismer to the established authority—doctrines which
would go to establish a system of liberty, bat to cre-
ate saiversal subversion. He was not therefore oar-
leeieed to see counter declarations issued, and to see
110 11110•14 doctrine placed against another. The
*eddies of the Allied Powers were certainly destruc-
vee of the Independence of other States ; and opposed
M tie obvious principles of common sense. He la-
mmed that those decierations had been ever sent
josh se the world, because he believed, as he bad he-
wm slued, that the lilastrions Monarchs, though
ipadeteed with respect to the nature of those Decla-
Too, yet had no to•dve than a real and sincere de-
sire le preserve the poste that bad bees recently esta-
blished. He could net think that a Revolution, be-
came it ways Revolution, was deserving of praise. Men,
whew Beet was anareby sod pleader, would promote
esJ toofusion and call that Liberty. Revo-
c-60 spas always considered a great evil in
Beoid, save in cases of the last necessity.
no/ bed a Revolution, bat it was a Revolts-
deo Odes! by the wisdom of Parliament. Our
swoon, who were driven to that Revolution, squared
their Kilo's by the spirit and letter of the constitution.
The Noble Lord next observed, that, in the evasion
of Italy, Austria was guided by no sordid views—views
which were so lavishly imputed to her—until, by her
acts, she repelled them as visionary and unfounded. At
a still more recent period, another calamity opened
epos the world ; bnt, as far as be was inforasesh
and as far as he believed, the Allied Powers, in
their interference to restore order in Greece, were ex-
empt from any unjust or selfish motive. Their sole ob-
ject was to put an end to enmities, which every friend to
humanity deplored. What the Allies had opposed
was a system of Secret Societies put in motion by
euld-blooded conspirators. By the fatal effects of this
system Turkey was now bleeding at the very core. It
lk AS the system which bad desolated Frame, which
aimed not at liberty, but at the destruction of all or-
der. Such a system was not friendly to liberty, for
be was persuaded that nothing had impeded the watch
of rational liberty and improvement in Europe but
these wild schemes of revolution. He could assure the
House, that though the tone which this eriantry had
taken was very high, and though the principles which
we had declared were directly opposed to those which
had been put forth in the Declarations from Laybaeh ;
there was nothing hostile in the disposition of the
Allies, or likely to disturb the peace of Europe, and to
deprive us of that breathing time, which after so long
a war was essential to our welfare. He lamented that
the Allies had taken up general principles which
could not be maintained in the soundness of sermon,
but if it was necessary for us to separate from them,
be snorted it would met be on an abstract principle,
on a practical point. He was not afraid to put oar pria-
ciples at issue against theirs, or to rest on the decision
of the world. He trusted. however, that his Honour-
able Friend *wild not call fur the production of
the document, which was already fur every practical pnr-
poss as well reasoned upon, as if it were officially be-
fore them, and en which, in policy and prudence, no
proceedings could be taken. He hoped Ms lion.
Friend (air. S. Wortley) would he satisfied that this
Government bad laid down its principles in the Deets-
rations of January last, and where no practical pro-
ceediag was to be recommended. lie would leave to
the servants of the Crown the duty of making those
manifestations of principle that might be called for ;
and that he therefore would not urge the production
of a Document, on which no steps could be taken.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH said, that the technical elo
jection of the Noble Marquess to the present motion
had a tendency to narrow the constitutional functions
of the House. The argument meant that it was incum-
bent upon every member who moved for the produc-
tion of a state paper, to inform the House the nature
of the proceeding he intended to found upon it. This
was an argument against the usage of Parliament,
and even against common sense itself. It often, in-
deed generally happened, that the mover of such a
paper himself had nut decided and could sot decide
upon any proceeding until he should have &Maimed the
information sought by his motion. With the general
principles of the Noble Marquess, be (Sir James M.)
was not disposed to quat rel ; os the contrary, he re-
joiced to hear him condemn the conduct pursued by
the Allied Sovereigns at Troppau and at Laybach..--
(Ilear.)--lie was glad to hear a repetition of the strong
laagne of the Noble Marquess on this subject, and
he trusted that this language would find its way '
through the House all over Europe.--(Cheers.)—He was
no general admirer of revolutions, bat he could not be-
lieve that a revolution was, in every ease, the greatest
of all evils, for it equally implied the existence of
a greater evil ; which it was the object of the re-
volution to remove. The greatest evil, be thought,
was perpetual slavery, for it was at once the disgrace
and the scourge of mankind. The waste of human
blood %fru an evil, but it was less than nothing when
eunpared with the less of liberty. lie could not bat
feel surprised at the reference which had been made
to the eine of Naples. In the case of Naples, which
had been brought before the House, a secret diploma-
tic correspondence had bees withheld, and its praise-
tion wan refused on the viand that the House reposed
confidence in Ministers, and that an order for pro-
ducing it would imply a want of that eonideoce. The
present motion was for the official production of a do-
cuairrat aleeady published. it was called for because
it displayed the visas of powerful and combined Sove-
reigns and affected the safety of Europe. He (Sir J.
M.) filly axreed with the Noble Marquess, that the
Joetriwee of the Allies were perfectly monstrous; and
they were important on steouet of the *Arco free
nhich they proceeded. If Indeed they came front any
insiguilleant Principality or Republic--they might be
unworthy of notice. lint the authors of these &s-
-triate were not idle or speculative peolsesees. Thep
were maeters of numerals amiss, NIA they had
taken feircible possession of one of the blest motorise
of Ka=reat. had been the recent changes
in the Lion of power. The ARIA Sorereigno

II

.

STA'

r Y~

•

IY.

bad battik:4l the peowasion of impasse territory, hod The litaftiaees of LONDONDERRY said, that he
had ausesed a right to put down what they railed re. did rural Asel It hatembest epee bins w MOW law the
hellion wherever it sboali appear. Not the Ileac ar *ad the ass pr whet 10"allbt the Chilaittolinew
gravation of their condect was the fart, that after the his madallbsa, and he Amid mar lay that ,
s it~gte►
protest. of England against the tinciples upon which alas was "I dilrafast fans that of the °snail um"'
they acted, they, at the clove of their labours, midi- Mr. 'WORTLEY replied.-01 a divisies. ihs um-
!lobed those principles and re-adopted all that bid been, bara
_ _ aria, Irt

odemned by thi; country. The paper lately
rated by Count Nese!rode, the Russian Ambassador, re-
ferred to a paper be bad published twelve mouths be-
fore, addressed to the Spanish Minister at the Russian
Court. This previously circulated paper was,
directed
against the Spanish Revolution, and that atomic
for those of Naples and Piedmont had net then tallier
lum. It was clear, therefore, that the right of Inter'
femme which had been so boldly assumed, could not be
justified with regard to Spain on the ground of vicinage.
The right, therefore, which had been so assumed stood
upon the reverse of all principle. npon a mere desire to
govern other nations. I o cases like this it was danger-
ous to turn the exceptions into the rule, but the Sove-
reigns had swept away all rule, for the Russian Am-
bassador avowed that Naples had been attacked merely
because it was within reach. The Allied Sovereigns
disdained the petty excuse which had been made for
them by the Noble Marquess, and boldly called them-
selves the natural Magistrates and Governors of Europe.
It was but lately that Russia had been enabled to hold
this kind of language ; and her conduct sheered, that
newly acquired power was exerted by nations as it was
by iidividuals.—The laugnage of Russia indeed was
more dictatorial, than that of env ether Power.—
The document in question of Count Nesselrode said that
Government was determined " to mark rebellion with
the seal of its reprobation." According to Russian
diplomacy, any resistance to the most bloody despotism
%reread be brought under the description of rebellion :
but the Allies had in effect preeumed to condemn the
glorious conduct of our ancestors, and had in prospect
condemned the best of men to come.—(llear, hear.)—
They had declared they would condemn every change
in a Government except that which should proceed
from the free will of the Sovereign. The House
would observe that this document did not refer to the
Carbonari, or any other Society, as it was put forth
long befcre the breaking out of the Neapolitan Revo-
lution. However, he (Sir James) was content will. the
reprobation which had beets bestowed by our own
Government upon the conduct of the Allied Sovereigns:
and there was no part of the letter written by the
Noble Marquees which he (Sir James) admired so
much as that which pointed out the danger of attempt-
ing to reduce their principles into practice. In fact,
the three great Powers were in a state of permanent
conspiracy against the liberties of Nations. He
would ask whether this was not a case iu which the
sentiments of the House should not be again expressed
before they separated, in which they ought to express
their principles, and without embarking in a crusade,
declaring their resolution to perish rather than give those
principles up. For those principles nothiog could be
likceived in exchange. No security could be obtained
from that natural jealousy with which one nation had
been accustomed to look at the aggrandizement of
'the other. The accursed system of partition bad de-
stroyed this security; soil the case of Poland ,hewed
that no country suffered the pillage of another with-
out beiag rewarded by a shire of the plunder. If the
personal character of the Sovereigns was offered as a
pledips security, it invited an iseptiry into that
character. How stood the question in *is respect ? In
11007 Russia and Sweden were the Allies of Great Bri-
tain. In the course of the same year Russia thought
fit to become the Ally of France and did so at the peace
of Tilsit. Sweeten refused to follow the example of this
perfidy and was robbed of Finland; and subsequently
Denmark was robbed of Norway, in order that Sweden
might receive an equivalent fur Finland. It was for
modern times to show the robbery of one country to
make good the robbery of another. If these were the
acts of the Sovereign of Russia, lie was treacherous, and
the sincerity of his character was worthless; and if they
were the acts of his Ministers, they destroyed the se-1
rarity of that very personal character. Extreme prise
ciples were sure to provoke extravagant extremes of an
opposite character. The conspiracy of these Sovereigns
against the liberties of Europe would, he feared, give
rise to a systematic combination against Kings. Koss
land, he trusted, would shew the fallacy of both ex•
teem's, and by a firm avowal of its principles, would
prove the justice and wisdom of its Constitution.
Mr. HUTCHINSON spoke warmly in favour of the
motion, and in condemnation of the system of the Al-
lies, la which he contended the Noble Marques. (et
Londeeelonderry) had proved himself a co-operatocis
by his mistiest defence of confederated Monarchs,
and his attacks on whomsoever they happened to assail.
Colonel DAVIES took occasion to ask the Noble
Lord whether, as it was the notorious wish of Russia
to get possession of some station in the Mediterranean,
it was sot high time for our Ministers to interfere,
when its Ally, Austria, was suffered to occupy Sicily?
and also what course Ministers meant to take, in cast
Austria, as was not improbable, should really transfer
Sicily to the arms of Russia
The Marquess of LONDONDERRY observed, that,'
as to the hypothesis of the Gallant Officer, be
did not feel himself called upon to enter into
it ; but the Honourable and Gallant Officer might have
more accurate information spots the subjects
which appeared to alarm his mind, than any that had
reached him. He could, however, say, that he did w.t
participate in the Gallant Officer's apprehension. As
to the uccupatiou of Sicily by tke Austrians, he sub-
mitted, that when as independent Sovereign thought
proper to call is the aid of a foreign army, it was net
for this country to interfere, in order to prevent that
army from actieg. The Austrians had, on this mea.
*ion, bees sent to Sicily for the porpoise of superseding
the Neapolitan troops, whieh, is the amuse of the late
Revolution, hod committed soak atrocities at Palermo,
and which, of course, seed not be very popular among
the Sielliesa. Ts supersede thee,. troops, leased, was,
he believed, ft .sly °Nest foe audios the Austrians
te Sicily, het list their tresellor was free from any
sinister view. •
Sir R. WILSON, • adverting to the observation of
the Noble Leeds *et when •ady iedepeedeet Sovereign
thooght mime to tali I. (*nips teams it was not the
duty of oar Cloverameitt to interfere, took occasion to
ask whether, if Spain or Portopl should wain foreign'
troops, as either may d., ev if !rasa should nregaler
her forts into the beads of Reseises, iewes.obp.polley
or purpose of the Noble Lee* that this country should
sot is any soma eSsa attempt tio-interfere tem for its
own safety' sad what meld be store essential to oar
safety tisatt to provost Rich shisialsg a naval
station in the Modlitentrissa, which might he *I
cousequesee el the lostratiss of that baud by the
Sharbise

1111—Agaisst 113--Majuriry $4.

PRICE OF STOCKS
Reek Rteet 139
3 per Cott. Red• Alai
*per Cent. Cita.
per Cent. 961 6
4 per etch. 11141
5 per Ct. Nary (shut)
5 per Cent.
Leaf Ana 19 1-184
lop 3 per Cent. 751

ware,
.2or *Motion. _
Oa em ear re•sdneinion into the Gallery. we Stood
Mr. Alderman WOOD addressing the Hesse, for the
appointment of a Committee. to inquire at. the pro-',
priety of the grant of a lease le 1784 from the Com-
adulated, of Woods and Forests to Lord Penrbya, of
certain quarries in Wales; and the grant of a lease is
1808 of the same quarries to a Mr. Dawkiee.
Mr. HUSKISSON said, it was an old sod a jest re-
mark, that nothing was too high er too low for the at-
tention of Parliament. The Home had just bees est•
gaged is a review of the destinies of Europe, sad it
was mow called to attend to the letting of a barren
mountain in Wales.--(A laugh.) The motion of the
Hoa. Member was to raise the qaestion as to the belling
n( a quarry ; and it would be la the recollectiem rube
Hoes, that on a former occasion, be (Mr. Haskissoe)
bad stated that the perms* for whom the Hos. Member
appeared might, if they pleased, send any one to ma-
Ake the quarry.
'Abet a few W01166= Ms. PASNANT. Mr. Untie
Sid Mr. Conovev, Alderman Woos replied, sod the
Pease divided—For the -motion, 111—Againatit, IS
-Majority against the motion, 71.
Oe oar re-admission to the Gallery, we found Mr.
DICKENSON on his legs, who moved for the discharge
of the order made by the House for a copy of the
I Report of the Visiting Magistrates respecting Hams
to Gaol.
air. Alderman WOOD stated the grounds open
which he had made the motion for the order, and me-
tended that the Honourable Gentleman had not assign-
ed any sufficient reason for the motion be had made.
Mr. CREEVEY maintained, that the attack which
was made upon the Honourable Alderman. charging
him with incorrect statements with respect to the
prison, was is itself a refficieet reason for refusing to
rescind the order.
Mr. DICKENSON said, the order was made eat a
motion of which no notice had been give., and there-
Dm ()ugh: to be rescinded.
Mr. 1101.1110 USE opposed the motion, and complain-
-01 of the treatment which the Worthy Alderman had
received.
Mr. ELLIS opposed the motion.
Mr. If. BATHU RST observed, that it was not normal
Wall mom the House to reconsider its proceedings.
Mr. (JORDON thought that the Worthy Alderman
Was treated harshly.
Mr. DICKENSON admitted that he was wrong in
stating that the Alderman had not been in the t)anl,
bet still adhered to the opinion that he and those who
wive with him, had taken their report from Yellers book.
Mr. BENNET hoped that whenever Gentlemen pa-
aegyrised Gaolers in fitter* the case of Ikhester would
not be forgotten.
After some farther observations from Mr. IVarre, Mr.
Heine, Mr. W. Smith. Mr. Brougham. and Mr. Malierley,
the House divided—For the motion 63—Against it 20—
Majority 43.
On re-entering the Onnety, we found Mr. R. MAR-
TIN proposing a Bill for the mitigation et the sush-
i:lent of forgery, and crimes coometed tbseowits. It
was not hisidteoddif to talte new the rapid pouldr.
meet, but to give the Judge a discretioaeri power of
commuting the punishment for trampormeion upon the
concurrent reeominesdation of the promeator sat Jury.
Mr. BANKES said. the words is forgery amid crimes
coneeted theresith" were so vague and iodeliaite, that
he apprehended the qaestion conld scarcely be put.
Mr. R. MARTIN (we believe) consented to withdraw
his motion, for the vitalise was not put, sad the House
proceeded to the other Orders of the Day.
Mr. CREEVEY inquired when the Right Hon. Dent.
opposite intended to MOWe the first reading oldie Dam
of Clarence's Annuity Bill, as it was his own determine-
tion, as well as that of many Hem. limbers ea his side
of the House. to oppose it in every state?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he
should bring forward the Bill on Thursday.
Sir RONALD FERGUSON wished to ask whe-
ther in the preparations for the committee, it was in •
tended to stop up the passage to the two holism of Parr
liament. He had nearly fallen over the boards which
narrowed the way, as he came down to the Hone*.
He was as anzionsas any man that the sovereign should
stand as high as possible lathe estimation of the peoples
but he did not think so foolish and 'spaniels a pageant
as this was calculated to add to his dignity.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIOQUER said he
believed that this was the first time the coronation of a
sovereign had been spokes of is that Home it the moa-
ner in which it had now been by the Hes. Gallant Own
ral.—(llmr.)—Every masa mesereasst with the history
and antiquity of this country must know that the coro-
nation was a ceremony essentially ma/tested with the
esercise of the kingly feocdons.—(Hear.)—That preps-
rations for such an event were necessary mast be obvi•
one, and none were made which be did sot believe lobo
'indispensable.— (Hear )
Sir RONALD FISRM'SON esplabsed, that he had
so fell a regard for the kingly dignity as the Right Ham
Neat.; but he still thought the preparation for this
pageant ought aim to be suffered to block op the avenss
to both Holism of Parliament.—(Hear.)
The estra post bill was reed a wood time, and or.
demi to be monimitted on WealeesJay.
On the mooing for montaittiakthe Tolman Duties Bill,'
The CHANCRLUOII of the RICHIQUBR said that
ileabeghl be ready to abandon the misaiding clause, if
My Resat inconvenience were feand to arise from it.
Mr. CALVERT sail that maims the clause were al-
together abandoned, he should move an Adjournment.
After a short conversation, the noose divided on the
*retina of AilParansent when the aumbers were—
For it, 11--Agalest it, 30.—Majerir, against the Ad-
jos realest, IP.
On our neadmissioei we feud Mr. Hennoose again
the question or Adjoileameet, sad the
161"&Sseir s'ebe geese's* then eesseeeted to postpone c
the
aMlMlre until temonerew.
The ether orders of the slay were don reed, and the
Haase Adjoined at o'clock.
onnemommmt
It is whispered, soya a Mensksir Pap?. that a Bill
is to be introdeced into Porliamseat before its rising,
io modify the Commotion Oath ; wo that it may at
so time Itereattet be alleged as ate *betook to the plea:
ing aft esersal Christians as as oral feetieg with re-i
(era to asestkesiesel neon Sea no Ain would be
hailed by the people of Inlaid as nespitions to the
just claims of the RensaeGoalsollee. and World prepare)
the way for his Ilifjeetrijoyeiss romption is the Mast
Malden'.
Itiseum Omni 1800elmc—Lest aisbs Ma- agreeable'
Stramer rifting ages* for the serum . The novelties
ago, Miss S :sstoon, Illea Hounentat, Mts. BBIINLT.
=r4naw, sr three non. nate is coml.
rankle eies. Na_tkopie aid* mein esechoi-
' aktfaragerra t. web treltelid.

I ARO.
.....m....

DAY AT ODD (TOLOOK
looha Stook
Dittolloodo -4. lias poi
Sootti-114a Stork
Sakti% Soo 014 Min-
g: 11111•981. pot. St. pro 1s /Is.
fflooloos for 111011P7 111.4
Rork fir Actotutt

Inds for tiliso
Ow for Met 776“ •
1 "41=

ett MatrOiltalt.
T se I TIS aST ATSSII SW" IS incoar•sairso wore " leg
ST ASV'S@ A II•"

,r 0 N D 0 N :
FRIO tY EVENING. Juxt 11. I$1I•

Paris papers to the Seth have arrived. They are elloi
with the discussion of the precediug day in the llatilitor
of Deputies on an article of the Bodget relative to lie
expenses of the Royal Comma of Poillie Instreetine ;
but nothing occurred worthy of particular notice.
In as article from Vienna of the Mb inst. taoiathn it
made of some atrocities committed at Nina, the mead.
town of Servia. On the 9th the Paths was briestioa.
because he was suspected of being a secret friend na the
lireeks, and the Archbishop and three of the principal
Serlians had been hanged at the door of the Church.—
The treasure said to have been taken by the Groolsofrisin
Ali Pacts& is estimated at above 1011 million of piastres.
FacNcit FrMDA, JUNE 16.—Vies per C 0116.1161.
Bank Stock 'We _

MADRID, .1r Ni: s.—TheY write from Vittoria that 11•
Police have set at liberiy more than ISt iorlivitloals of
that town, accused of a conspiracy against the slate.
From another quarter we learn that a moveable (Ahra ,
consisting of -WO men, with two pieces of moon, tst.
der the command of Colas,' Illamacssi, has matched
for the frontiers of Old Castile.
General Eurecasatio, without waiting the authority
of the Government, has written a circular to all the Al •
cades of Burgos, informing them that they shall he Act
if they do not inform him within three honrs after eel.
factious tum anent' takes place in their districts or at. •
virons.

Plamotrtt. JeNE 20.JPassed by tbis morning an
Waterloo, Lovell, from Ceylon and the Cape. trills 1.••
misen-mast timing. Left the Cape the lath of April. -
The Neptune and Veuus had also left the Cape fez.
"

CORONATION.—We are happy in being able to lawns
our readers that the best arrangements areintended to b*
made fur the convenience of Gentlemen connected wills
the press, in order that they may gives complete dotal
of the Ceremonies at the Coronation. To the kind ea•
erti tttt sof Lord tiwydlr, the Lord Great Chamberlak.
the public Are indebted for the proposed accommodation.

The great importance of the subjects under diseu4.
sion in Parliament, last night, has ectesiewed es to
extend our Report of the proceedings se as to leave no
room for comment. After all the evidence that hal
been afforded of the state of public opinion respecting,
our Crinsival rode, the Dills for substituting transport-
ation for death, as a punishment in elms of robberies
lie dwelling-houses, and on rivers. steals, ice., were
rejected en the question fsq-bheir sewed reading by a
majority of 27 against 17. In the House of
Commons, two separate motions connected with
onr foreign relations excited the highest istentst.
The one was introduced by Lord WILLIAM BIM.
TIACK, for an address to his M IJEITT. prayieg
for his interposition in favour of the people of Sicily;
the other was that of which Mr. S. Wormer !tali
given notice relative to the circular dispatch from the
Congress at Laybach. They were both negatived;
the former by a majority of 69 to 35; the latter
by 113 to r. 9. Previous to the debates oh
these subjects, Sir Jon m Nan-emit took occasion to in-
quire concerning the troth of a statement which
had appeared in the papers respecting the idealise
of the Duke of l'oam to he Patron of the Orange
Association. This inquiry led to • very gratifying
result. In answer to the question. the Marquess
of LOMBOIIIMIRMY replied that his Royal Highnesik
had certainly stated his acquiescence in being elects.*
(hand Master of the Lodge. That acquiescence
had been given under the idea that the objects of
the Association were merely those of general loy-
alty ; but as soon as it was suggested that there
was some doubt as to the legality of the Association,
he had in civil terms declined all connexion with
their body.

---
Private letters from St. Helena, of the 2Sth
have reached town. The Ex-Emperor had not entirely
recovered from the serious indisposition under which ho
had laboured for some time past, and scarcely ever let
his new house.
The Marquess of Buckiogham, it is understoolL
will, before the rising of Parliament, propose a mea-
sure fur making the Militia force more elective for a •
national defence ; and, in consequence, to render un-
necessary the continuance of so large an stetablishmeSis
composed of regular regiments of the line.
ASCOT HEATH RACRS.—Ticasoar, Jon 2i.
The Ciotoi Cop.—Banker walked over.
TM Windsor Forest Stakes of 60gs each, h. ft., for s yrs
old fillies, int. 41b. The Old Mile.
Mr. T. Sadler's b. f. Fostered, (Miller) - - - 1
Lord Verities's b. f. Version
6 to 4 on Pastorella.—Won by half a length.
The Second Year of a Sweepstakes of logs each. for 3 yrs
' old colts. Bit 71b. •, and Allies, Sat. Mb. The New Mile.
Mr. Ramebottom's br. e. by Ootavies. oat of Troth's
dam (Rookie)
111.R.H. the Dike of York's b. e. by Waite, - S
Lord F. Bootlick names b. f. Souvenir, by Raphael -
Mr. Frames b..c. Mishear,
Lord Jersey names Atom - - a
• to boo Mr. Ramsbettom's br, e..-4 to I mat Atom-a.
Won by a tenth.
Plate of Fifty Founds, for an aim—Heats, otse mile tot
a half each.
Mr. Bilges Trustee. 4 yrs old
Mr. Plane's Misery, 6 yn old
Mr. Cay's Atom, 3 yrs old
Mr. Raissbottom's eh. f. Starlight, time
yrs oh!
. I to. I on Treace:MlST the seamed
bvoorite.
Stroopetakes of 200 gs eseb. h. ft., for
lilies, Est. Mb.; t ;lee 3 7es old.
Mr. Paris's I. )mama/o. by
Graseili. wag
Mr. Wyndisam's gr.e. by Y Wag Ootiames,
, Mr*
11•0111 11rWse. dieter to
- Alms by
antler tod Abler hose beta
lave ,OrgOseitst is one of
fetes Abler 1111 b. for his

I

■

P
1
i
,i

. . -lit
- 1 $
- - - 3 dr
34f. Sister w fdaelfahlae.4,
- - - - 4 dr
the mooad Mat Trahro the
ft., fee ma*, ems. Vb.; DM
Iles old. 1'4114 lane.
ruipia. old of fpotakio -
4 oohooo‘ elf al a lielaa
feappreter - - $
a leagth.
a matched at tarot t meek '
f the neat Ochbet
it, yr. D. Eve* beeig.
. .
S
9.
•
111.111111
