THE STATESMAN.

last pretence of judicial investigation and punish.
meat by coarse of law. They could hardly aspect
that Madders weed instruct the Atterety-Genersl
le proceed against Om Coroner, who was their oleo
creator., sod had been token under their peculiar
protection.—(Appforise.)—Well, but then, as it was
said, Mr. Hunt was to undergo • trial. What bad
that to do with the **liars os the ilauctsester
people? 'hippos(' Mr. Heat should be convicted,
world that legalise the murders of August last?—
TM Magistrate might even hare possessed previous
latedeseinn of an knee/nary and repines. plot—it
wee partible—it was probable. Mr. Hoot understood
that there was such a romper, sad that he was to be
erresied—he offered to surrender himself before the
Whietiog took place, did he was not taken. Perhaps
tress set agreeable with the plan laid down by the
Meade Wei authorities ; perhaps it was not in ac.
esidaege with she orders remitted from their wipe-
dont. Prejudging indeed ! end this complaint from
the friends of Ministers! They bad prejudged with a
vesreses. Ile Weeded to the 'ligation of the Prince
Regent at the time of the massacre, and immedistely
followleg ; was barely possible, with exceediegly
Pet horses, very prosperous gales, end amusedly
brisk sailing, supposing also that Ministers were le
attendance, and no memest spent by them is delibe-
rating, It was barely possible, if story ideate of the
intervedog time had bees occupied in travelling sod
selling, that the Prieee's some might have heel site.
ad et the Isle of Wight es the lOth of August, to a
letter of thanks to the Manchester Magistrates
for their minded es the lath. He, for one,
did set believe it.—(4 Jew Mims, immediately
drowned tif siiplaese.)--Ile coalitioner bellow.
ed 'that Ministers had abased their tryst, end
had silted the sacred sem of Majesty to proceed.
legs which the resist holder of that power wield
set have approved.—(4pplause.)—This more thee
ever streegthenell the orgement for enquiry.— Apo
plassu.)—lle apologised for diverging from the heal-'
pest, eves so fa. as to mention Reform. (Uwe kit
Lordship received some trOing hint from the High
Sheri f.) He shield seelossly obey the discreet hint
of the Medi, theft% be considered that Reform was
• it object fee discard's, one which should be settled
by the most cautions deliberation, and set by urger
and videoce—be should use flush from des:ldles his
*pinkies whenever time and plate coscerred.—(4-
planse.)—ll was mot, however, his most distant Inters.
tins to treat of that question there. He was shoat to
obtains that Mr. Hunt hod attended at verities Meet-
logs for Reform. Ile knew that be had oily to throw
himself on the character and property of the Rapid•
demists to prove to the Medial that they held me
cosmos cease with Mr. Heat. They need not to
declare, thelthey were net 'importers of Reveletios,
said that they would mot abet disobediemce to the
laws, any mere Ass that they would sppleed the
mad career of the pretest Geversmeet. At see of
the Reform Meatier, hold is Smithfield, tree Mr.
nudges was takes Into custody for some alleged
political offence (his Lordship Ices. sot whet).—
Tie erred took plate at a time when the of
the audience might eaterally ho se to be Is
the greatest activity. Why was that dose at
each a peculiar time 1 Why sot have token him
before et after the Meeting? Wee It from sodded
design to ay is the face of popular opiates, tied
provoke the multitude to do that which would after.
wards *dhotis. the lastest introduction of the sew.
(angled system of Ministerial vigour.—( ltathesiastk
applasse.)—He did mot lespnch the Lord Mayor;
he was • weak, perhaps too willing, lestreseet of a
superior authority—he west the Ministry. The
whole measure bore marks of their policy; it was
stamped with that unfailing mark of their shrewdness,
defeat.—(Laved applaase.)—Thera was me ponlbility
of editing op a riot; as tumult arse( from that
banes viper. The nest step, therefore, is the
eerier of violates was that at Manchester. A Meet-
ing was 111111110111• Ced for the election of • Legislatorial
Attorney, or same such foolish porpoise; being de-,
elated illegal it was set aside, and followed by
sue strictly legal and quiet. Mr. Hens bad scarcely
done ricomesesdieg order and attention, but had
perfectly acquired them, whoa the cavalry rushed le
and dealt indiscriminate heeeek with 'loch undis-
ciplined furry, that their first victim was a constable
in the performance of his defy.--(
-.-There applause.)
—.There he would stop, mot aggravate these feelings
already too much teaseled by soy additlosal detail.
Turning to orgemests adduced for these diger —they
were told that the multitude marched to the field
" is armory ertsy."—Why, so did the Norfolk Re.
meet to sign the declaration.—( Lot and
plasse.)—“ The people trod with a military step."—
So did the dreamers sad fifers who scrawled their
Seas to the declarstion.—(Lettgfder and applause.)
His Lordship thou adverted is the stateliest teepees-
leg she reading of the Riot Act. Ily the slowest
going clock in Manchester, it shield, even on a
riotous occasion, hove bees read • fell hoer
and 10 minutes Ile observed how folly this hid Wen
disproved. So far, however, from the Riot Act
being necessary, or the use of it warrantable, the
Meeting was perfectly legal sod peaceable, and the
epithets of riotously, rectoesly, treitoreasly, end
all the other jargon which had Wei used, applied
not, to the diversion of the Meeting. But diodes&
which had (sallowest that dreadful day, wore tee
thousand times more frightful and alarming. When
they beheld the lows absolutely swerved from their
direct ceow, •hen justice shootsl come to be admi-
ninistered with open partiality, when the languages
of the lodgment Feat oat, se show me the man and 1
will show you the Isw," then these world
e an longer aecarity for property or rights, or eves
clislemcP ; there would no longer be reason for en
honest man to pride himself on being been in England
wader laws slosh
. ieseitationt, the freedom of which
had lillitiffd so 1118117 stuitm, bad outlived so many
wellibbouring thraldom,. \tithing but the interfer-
ence of fain of property and indigence, to prevent
this °Wogs and imminent peril, could restore the
faith of public opinion to the Whig, (if they had
ever lost is) nothing but this could save tbe comae,
from anarchy or despotism, and in either case from
ebendant bloodshed.—(Loud and earnest aphasic.)
—lle was happy in having thus disclaseged • part ul
his dory ; he was glad to be able to relieve them
from the !pain of listening to him.—(No, nu! go on.)
11, was the mole disposed to desist, as his escslient
Friend near him (Sigigmund Trafford Saothwell,
F.A.) wouid secood the in hi. Vida,

.~

manly, and eaerriic way.—(Lowd applause)—He
would read the Retrotattoos which he meant to pro-
pose In them; they 'geoid after wards Li put ape.
Irately by the Chairman, arcerding to the uses' form.]
1(11is Lordship wet cheered sills the most animated
apples'', bath before and after radios the following
Resolutions.)
1. That the pond@ of i bin eneotry hove n clear coortitetirmal
right to timetable. fur tie pullover of ditcomioc as, political
litical
"meth m, aad of petit:ookt( for the fedi,* of arty po
grteraore, which le their jettgateat is, or may raid to be. Ho'
time in the life. liberty, or prowl, 011ie tabject.
t That every attempt to doperte Itt force loch us ArivrailtV
leas so the permits met together terodect themselves peen-
ably. awl us o.en act of riot Is eetmeamed), comet be too
etroagly reprobated.
3. Toot it appeart to us that the Magbdrates of Mee
, did, no the 16ta of Anima last. seth•ri,e the militaraylbisel:
perm, by force, a Meet es not premed to be inept, linbont
atwf-
Woo' stayed to jettify so barrio a meaner, and eves within
Lives doe Italic, of their taterekto t sod that moreover
the military appear is have carried their wee.. ion elm.
without displaveg IMt wargeratio• sod belly 'ebb\ Adele
always he eternised on the new lealriente antis woolens.
•-• 4. Thar swinge' (rime so read liberty
ought meat
sever
/mildly
&proems the ef Mao toolott, yet it ao
be feradasm Mao apart epee our e nowitesinal ogles, ea-
ter the tract so weer earl Geterrenset is (nay
the West alit) away
S. Tea we Mem w Ileep cwasets. that gee Majesty's
Waivers bawls precielteldy gene ibe "dit, mactioa of Ids
Royal Higbee. she Prime Itsgesesawprelealoo se seam, of
sedeb•ea • character; sad we iteety devote tbeadvicogreee
nibs ItrArHiebsess thiLleateserf of Wes
wet A elYork. • Robleene marritag justly b la the
eitlentlee his fellow.eseetrynea. ashen for h widen.
his Bosky, and his patriotism, eddy epee liberties/ alas
harks asaterreil will, the meaty elf orb, ie petitiningthe
These fee ari*try ins erauen se deeply latenstieg herb to
lbe people est tin Mow
S. It is dierdere reeilm4 that • petition be presselee Is his
Royal Higtmess be Mee Rwt, most minassity rerrartelmag
bin to racemes le tie
as coasiderai ef Pa
Mt necemity at Miming as accurate amid oaks* mirky late
tba realism's!' these ertfornmate tranaesinos which Suave ga-
ined for nee works pea, sad still modelle to incite an slater
leg degree of ferereat,tathe Woe.
S. T. Selina, ,, . then mined, aid was
reptsresly 'deemed. (He is a Gentleman of
plaits moser, bet rich argument, of considerable
property sod inliesoco in the peaty, and has the
character of possessing groat natural sagacity, mach
historical and coastitetional lore, glad eseidorabla
political discretion.) He came forward, ha said, to
icied the Resolatious of that eacelleat me, Lord
Albemarle. Ile esteemed it the highest beer of
his life to follow that eacellest Nightie's, a OW
so prised for his public vide sod private wissetwei,
as liberal la his political views, so satiable in his
private reletioss.—( Loud untistoss.)--11• know
his hiferierity to the Earl, sod that It wield
be bad taste In him to hold their athtstlea
after the Amman with which they had bee
treated. He was obliged, however, to noes peril.
milady the 6th Resolation. He remarked on the
free salmi and foundation of the Constitution, ha
reciprocal beads of protection sod obsdlenco—let the
first be take away, end the latter weld be little
assured—witheat protection, inhaled's would be
always cold, larlicient, sad useless. History was
fell of Intones of untie( seal meg the people,
both la actin earl solids, dorlog thee thee
shards the Goveromeat was popsierly administered.
While, on the other band, withdrawing the prate-
d.. of the laws had, to all ages been subversive of
the miss of the Princes who bed ventured ea it; be
wished that there wore more instaace of the punish.
meat of Ministers htstaad. Qom Elleabelt's reign,
though tedious, and is many respects adverse, was
yet marked by the coldest apd willing seal of the
people. She had halts, it was true, bat she attended
to the wants and wishes of her subjects—they were
eatisiod--they were ready to safer any thing fee her
or her Goverment. lie remarked the opposite p.-
Hey aid fate of the wretched Stuart,, who were ea.
pelted, cast net silliest pity; and be would say
never, from their pilled dews to the pretest time,
bad justice bee. so fairly demanded, er to nosegay
refesed, as in the holiness of the 16th of Aegest.—
Earl Albemarle, to the beer of his fella's, bad
shown himself envies Out the Candy of Nor.
folk should move irst in the balms before them.
Ile (Mr. S.) wu glad, boyars, that the great sad
populous meaty of Yak had takes the lead, which,
from its numerically superior popalstle ends ggro.
gets wealth, it wee edited to. At that Meeting Mr.
Stead Wortley had said, that the Patliameat could
do sethlng in the Manchester beim& lie would
sob Mr. Stout Wortley, was It MM.g to have the
Paranoid sitting, with its Immense constitograt sad
popular inlleaceo, to check the weenie, of Janke,
'the ptevarieation aged with aldose, end overlook
the *hawkl partiality of Magistrates ? Was it
uothisg to preserve the de edutiolatratieo of juslise,
nothing to keep the Judges in order, nothing to Ice
the authority sad lallueace of the Parliemeat wheal
oar laslitetions were laid aside societies impedifielAß
to the administration of power ? Why, be (Mr. S.)
called it every thing ; and if the contrary was the teal
opinies of Mr. Stuart Wortley, he neither boemored
his oaderstariding nor *Dried his feelings.—( Loud
upplause.)—Woo it sonde* to bale instant access to
to the Iligh Coen of Parliament ?—(' if is toe,
comfit! to do geed.")—lle trusted set, be il
these was vista, gooses it yet to impeach the
gg
oilier'; he hoped it would yet be done.—(Appsgramt.),
The Gentry of the Centy ought to bits* themselves
In bringing it about. lie himself was a ono of little
consequence iodivideally, es little perhaps as soy of
them. No one of them could be Important individual-
ly, but united with the whole people they were all.
operfel. They (the Meeting) evert to direct the
Coady Members to call for enquiry, and.'it guilt
should be detected, for impeachseat. The character
/Oho Sovereign we, a public property. For Isll
years it bad bete so felt and respected by both pea.
pie sod Nobles. (Here Mr. S. introdeced the cele..
brated aneedote of the ereadfather of Earl Albemarle,
when, king Ambassador at the Coen of Freon', he
,so nobly vindicated the dignify of that Majesty which
he represented, and rescued an Englishman free the
&stile.) The Revile was a necessary concomitant of&
Military Government ; they should beware of military
government. The Ministers of that day were men ;
I tbet,,e of our sea were for beneath the character.-
He concluded by seconding Ike Resolutions, and his
speech was succeeded by thunders of applause.
The lion. Enlisting* Woneoust rest presented
himself. Ills appearance caused a titre's contention
of applseses sad disapprobation; After much diffi-
culty he .s. snowed to proceed. Galled, es be said,
by the numbers sad respectability of the Reqairi.
it.irdspi, he hid come forward to espies, his opinions
on the subject before them. Differing, as he diJ,
(rota moat of those worthy and respectable persons
iu political matter., be )it chianti a toomfnec at.

Mention.
sad jesiice
against Ow
jostles sad
disopprobotion.)--.
•f 'f fist by Jsry.—( Lowder discord ugh cries of
" No, ow." give sic our Aeries ogikoid your mks.

tiers.)
(The !Male had to interfere sad Wrest a candid
beerieg.)
Mr. WODEIIOIIII agate proceeded, bet with tee
Sech interroption to be hoard.
Earl ALIIIMIARLS stepped forward, sod having
Mined sneer% said, that their kind lodelgeoce in
bowleg Ms 'adored his to lobe:faro sod repeat the
wish a behalf of Mr. Wedowee, which be had
played for hissall.—(Lowd. "plains.)
Ms.
Mr. Wooutoosa see proceeded. They Right
He his, he was sot each a wretch as to charge
Os Heehaw mooed him with plots of rebottles es
beenection, betimes whoa and Massif these add
se be say diteraces o
atbesides polideal saes at was
hen& a fool as tacitt o the deceit halaits of la.
Iregious Ws say chew of the
to subvert the la•
staling which protected thee, or the reliable which
eestosted thew. Bat he was reale that there was
a nine et weak (Sates kinuelf at their heed), the
Was of real plots to pall dews the stung heeds
Oesresest, sod destroy the religion which bal.
lowed it. Mach as be was a Mood to liberty,
be wield situ assent to allow the right •f
patilleMeg, whisk beard ti It, to be used with
topsail as a mesas of Wieder:leg its the State
a tiniest of pluphesy aid rebellion. which suet
satieguish its saisteoce.—(flines and battings, alb
1141, " Not to," 'cneer net free.")-114 eta.
himself oily aszloas, at present, to guard
mine blasphemers and dentagopes.— (Lewd.
dleopprobotfore )—Me preferred the gullet amuse
ef the law to that,which sword to his cal.
colateel to lead to e astlection of their liberties
altegether.—(ilisses and gresses.)—He bad dis.
charged a Waist task, gad ea which not Meg bat sa
lapwing sass of duty weld have led hie to MM.
He (baked them eves for (Undivided animas which
they bad glees him, aid retired amidst a storm of
damage!.
Mr. Coss ease forward, sad then% well re.
seised, could sot hastily austral's) the Wades.
laeoceatly cased by his redeemer. He ream.
seemal their (basks to as High Sheriff fir lbw
emeemedatise which he had made for thee
threegbeet. They mast feel obliged also is the
Noblesse, Goatlenee, gad respectable Clergy,
who bed procured the Mosieg. He had oft..
addressed thee, but never with sock satiety. He
had told thew year after year, that the object of the
present Adeleistratiou was to de without the Coati.
tattoo, god rule by the sword. Alleding to Mr. Weds.
house which he did most respectfully, be was air
tealsesed le his seal for Chrlsoiseity that be had sq.
(scud those precepts silkiest the oppressioss of the
people with which it abeesded. The wallow before
them was neither of Whiggise nor Toryism ; it was all
alterwatin which was pressed hoes to ass's bosoms,
of laws or slavery ?
We met here brook lbreagh the Jinn dee of
Mr. Coke's speech, sod those which followed, as
sir limits will sot allow es to do junta to them at
preen. In a Mang of tech importunes, oar
readers will *use es U we peerpeee the remaislag
asinstia, sod rata the thread of thee la Monday's
publication.
Mr. Coke was succeeded by the Measurable Ed.
ward HaltORD, brother of Lied Soiled, at whose
hese, to the oeightiosrhoot of Norwich, Lord Castle.
nigh, the Dale of Welliectee, sad morel of disk
friend. have bees, sad sees of thee still renege, if
Aeolis' party.
Mr. liattoose approved of the Reedatias ; be
said he was of so party, wet that he etteeded them
at a greet malice of private feellsg. He pretested.
as did all the otherGatieseso. gales the views of
Mr. Meet it Mr. Grille. We Geneva do kola
to his septisseets la to.day's publication, sod there.
fors shall forbear the pebllcsalos of his speech.
For the wee reason the speech of
The Hon. Mr. Persson is !Tepee's).
Mr. Perste seconded Me. Wheal coaeludeJ,
the Reseletioes were pet seriatim, a carried by
acclamation, three heads oat, being held up against
them (sae of them was stated to being to a perspn
is the service of Colonel Wodebeese). The op-
ponent of these heeds against drowned' of ethers,
of terse produced wee, expressions of esecratier.
After the Resolatiose were goes through,
Mr. Lomas, a Castleman of lames* property in
the Costa', briny propeled ea Address to the
Prince Regeol.
The Rev. Mr. Maecenas (whose father was toter
to the Right Honourable Charles jests Fes) mood.
ed it. is a speech which will be gives with the rest
we
Monday.
The Address was reed, end ran at follows :
We, the Nuldemea, Graileaseo, Clergy. awl Freeholders of
the omits of Natiolt, truly attached to the dowersonit of
Law, wader wash we lice. sod to the family called by the
people to the Throw, for the presereatioa of their liberties,
presume us submit to your goys/ lligionew this, theirt h a retakethe,
with she humility becoming distifel objects, yet will
orogieon of free sea.
lielegel as It au ever be to us Is approach year Royal
Reilhoew with sac other tensor than that of cosgratolatioo.
we het that we Miwild mere. a paranoia doty to your Royal
litgbans, ounelies, awl our posterity. if we lesitoed looser
ellpmerni to you the femora, which recant anomie sweats
Ma created I. the reline atiod.sail we are maseieatisosly per-
suaded, that Commis the mat emeillatoryr just. awl patriotica.
are aloat caleultied toasty. Voter them foreenisai we m-
to" to mate so your Royal H %Wm that to ornowslaas
Ilmen•ver of th- l3th Amos+ law. sad wri lees the various es.
Isaordiumy prom. deur that have [rows .alt of show,
along far iorestiritni, the wet WM, we eternal I f..s,
Fire, to what preheat's" the tuna h whirl. we lies soy
kale gores ie... in the Weans of see, bovirer they may Odic
as to the woe iisuraeter sod comes of the tlistoslosa
la tole at least she great mew a the maim a weed, that tha
reality of such disa,zer must mamma rather than dialaisli the
acesaity of adariag rigidly to the spirit of the Coossimlim.
meg of reeperticut wrispaimaly the people. sights thegstrz
eyed edge of the sword of swanky arbierarily or ws
ralaed agolost she chime. eta sew be the Want of prowling
ISOCassaltstiiw, which I. the wry act It violates t Hat Pee"
genies the I,gal issititisliewi of a free casino!, *bleb it sopa-
seen.
star as she public are hitherto Wormed, a rest NOM,
aapears so have bees committed no • base body of people as-
ambled is the eareim of a right (which at law, Weed• I'
owsperesr rib regulate, bat alLrh Wier UMW ahrette6o.
pedant the Throve for the redrew of a opposed public gna-
w/are. How far such Amiably sw.y have bees diatee IL unveils
tortheran, or how far the redrew sought was la lOW erdeol'w
eta
mare, while it yet senses =7:1:::',V.:11.7.7.7:V. :Z. aim
antem, why the bine One people so assembkd was shed. No
overt acts of rim or illegal violence as their pare have billow
Imams& Wet I sec ma it itch acu had bees weellitede
