. .
r..—..„.
..,,,—i____..................„......._
surrounded. lie differed from them, however, con-
acientiously, anal be hoped they would allow to him
the exercise of a privilege he was so willing to grant
to others. Had it appeared to this Assembly that I
hail given op (said Mr. Lawless) my Resolution lit
the Committee, or that I
had adopted the amended
011 P. I should not presume to appear now before
this Assembly ; hut that point has-been satisfactorily
-settled by Mr. Barnett and Mr. Grimshalv, and it
pow only remains for me to show the audience who
summed me, that the argument' advanced against'
en) Itesolutinn are not only spiritless and degrading '
to Belfast, bat on-statesman-like, itnpolitic, and ins- i
prudent. Whets Gentlemee talk GP the necessity of
cntictistion—when Mr. W.ffeneset, whose ender-
wending is equal to aur.snarr's, talks of the inspolicy
and imprudence of 'lschia. Resolution vs • I havemoved
—he seems to forget the constitution/ of *Parliemede,
e—he seems to forget the relation in which he stands '
to his Itepresentetive—he seems to forget the duties
of that Represeetative, end that woare not to speak
to him as the servant speaks to his master, but that
rather we are to address our Representative in the
lenguege 4 strong remonstrance—in the language of
the parent who created bim—and with the *spirit of
mei, who will not tolerate a neglect of all that duty
which the R. presentative is bound to perform. When i
Centlemen talk of conciliation, and a mild sod sub:
deed phraseology, they are surrendering the privla
lege the Constituent should always eliercise—the, pito'
vilege of speaking his sentiments with maoly can-
dour and intrepid- integrity. Such is the langeege.
of all those men from Westminster to Belfast, who
understand the duties they owe to themselves and
their country. - Is it imprudent to caution the Irish-
Representative againattineurring the character of be-
lug a mere cipher to .fill up the ranks of Minister',
and add to the burdens of his fellow subjects? If
each be the evidence of history—if such be the fact,
(and who, after the experience of the, last eigh.
teen years, will presume to deny it,) is it too much
for us to cautino him against the .repetition of such
practices?. Where were the Irish Members when
this odious and eporessive Tax you now seek•to re.
peels eras debated ? Lounging in Bond-street per-
haps, or parsoipx their own private interests, heedless
and regardless of the result of the discussion, perfectly
indiffereitt to your censure and your praise. Where
op your_lrialt Members when Ministers intend to
odd .a, Jew. Belts to the chain of Irish slavery ?-..--
Where? Tense, them rally round the Ministerial
standard, put themselves op to the highest bidder,
cud. tern they .barks on the People who thus give
them an oppogtouity to sell them. is not this a
i*inning, stubborn fact, which no man cell have the
Addiiess to deny; and if so, can language he too
shrotig to tvord,our indignation, or give expression le-
got ion tekept,7-,CLoud cries of hear him! from every
)40' if,iiir rofmn.)—,l am glad to find.that the public.
learwiht sits le those truths, and it demonstrates to
I. .• : c •.t•
MP f'.'soseretot if you perform the dirty you are
..i.5...., ,-,. I ~ ~r- .1 •
-tit vs4rit :yvi.tr to ex!fute,,that my Resolution will-
biiicor‘ie,il.
,liec,ause i 4. is.at once spirited, and prudent
incr,gelil,ic, ,and , wprthy of .alen whose eialerstatid:
teas;gkoght be raspected. Let the Irish Members. of
torTrameer again :Abandon their duty. :If they obese',
terr tut 4. alittlef kept, Lot tbeinclikekeiriby enact-
en, ctx rihit thgt.they: will insult the parent' *li6
... • i .
fnseks i hem. . Let them lose their temper ind their
iitiefetpidiiig
itimeiher,
.acid what is the remedy ?.....1
0'74.1,t0 thorn Po perpetual contempt, and proclaim
t• on 1 't•IJ.,"L •
et mockery, 9. r fuck a Representhtinn—deuounce
Alit iisternletkesislation which insults you by its
flirinit, end rob lee by its iiijustice—tell the world
ilia, on cannot 4.Aryoulted. with impunity—and that
tlOUili robbed of your right to an honest Represeuta7.
sign i,ti the Imprriel.Yerliement,.yearateunot be rob-
Ifett.hi.'!our spirit, or rape understendipg. Act thus, ,
iinitirsw Will, be resorifil; eel' thus, and your lino
trlietiiiitive will respeFt,hiteause be,,will /ear you; ho
ti dread. your Indignation ;..he !wilil dread thn 1
wirers of public opinion, slnfi to.dfeumgc in his tore
conciliate yourettegea ond your support. These
sire the priociples which ehould direct iallf under.
itandings • these are the ,etraight fortaard polities&
~ ,
troths•that ought to be told, worthy of y.oor favourite i
itVwve;te'irisill Irefen4 may once wove Wit her ties '
as, the political stir by which she may rogalate her
iiiarVel yufal. feir (rgto what I beard toarlay, those,
pritaTplei end feelings are entombed in the graves of
tilighonoured dead, who once stood where I - stand, and
se fift,in language, comps red to which your Resolutions'
fairday, are feeble, asserted the rights and privileges of
Ole, constituent ; men who withheld their votes instil
tjley had a security for the integrity:* if their Recite.-
Rotative, and.who would dismiss him with contetopt•
if he dated to abandon the trust that was reposed in
him. I have bet caught. the spirit from the records
of those times in which you had your -Thompson'.
end .your Siucloirs, not poorly surrendering to the'
feelitigs of as individual, however .respectable—not:
'carting favour or support by . the compromise of.
Egncieler7apt pervertieg,the Constitution by patting.
the Representative above the Constituent—net by
en at ject .atol trocrintVolled ^sarrendetr- of 'those feel:
leo which privately and publicly secure end pibekt
the interests of human nature. No; they spoltellie
language of truth,. and they not only called it, bat
they found it, prudence-e-they spoke thelangunge of
sincerity, and they found it the language bf wisdom
-.-they. were respected by the Government and Peo..
pie, a!id commanded that support which you would•
meanly petition for,. Sikh were the' Belfast men of
former day', 4)hy Ads.. Sovereign, am I to under.'
stand that auctiveglrits are never to he agpin• among
us.! I Aim 1-to.ondeststand that a humiliating, calcu-
lating policy is to take place of the sound; .honest,
xv,aely-doct4inee• whit* diStitrignishect‘ end ithistrated
ftmer,dil.Li Am Liplauderstsvud that the roicrof'
opgjordi o idttni ,oe.of .twenty. are t o weigh. dos sib : the
*pace, this Aseembly.i:- lif so,' I say ailtit my,
frieradf Atle..Grimshain) collinousore Meetings, .
ciuseit hey would he a atorkery ; but thsivelne oat,
oPittion of our Chairmen to supposettbat he weild'
pildto such counsels,- He knows tfieelety. • Ihope '
qp Ws day that; he 40 ill do it. •141-)aldivision take
plite,—let thq public mind he eacertalned. If

9ewlemen are so confident, let thee not dread an
rippeal to the voice of this Assemblit. Let•them
cidefor. themselves. I hove the fullest bile they will
determine with spirit, end predeace, •nd sincerity.
-TOW: laVgift3 scoacloded amidst tht.ebeeviogs of
lA* A 9.se!gblY,)
,41yttp Sonacionrose-end observed, •thatjitt would
Jot put any Resulatiottbd the emended one "ad,
