SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
neat.. MAT 19.—flied N. 11.--Ceme down from
Sbeereess. the Loyal Briton, transport, with a detachment
of the 10th refit. fetCork : the Briseett. Holder, for Dotal.
aka; and the Adoont, Whitehead. for New Brunswick.
PONTS/NOCTTI, MAT 29.—Wind S.--Bailed Ills Majesty's;
ship Calliope, for Falmouth.
IPLYWOUTII, MAT 98.—Wind N.—Art.:tea. the Friend's
Goodwill, Pallllp, from Amsteldant ; sailed the Marquess
Wellington, Blanchard, and the Princess of Weisz. Dribble.
for 'Madras and Calcutta ; and the Two BrPthers, Lairs*,
for Faro.
FALMOUTTI, MAT It—Wind N.—Sailed the Kleist*,
Bowen, for Beagal ; and the Mint, Riton, for Quebei. '
NewnAvax, MAT 29.—Arrived the Madeira packet. from
IR. Thomas's the last news from thence is, that the lebaSlt-
ants of 8. Domingo are engaged Ina ears. against the West
India Islands. and will sot allow vesselsto eater their ports.
A deviatioo therefrom subjects the vessel to forfeiture, sad
the master to 1.11 months imprisonment.
The Nuevo Veloz Marlene. from Vera Cruz and Navaho.
to Cadiz. was detained ited of February, near the Azoree, by
the Jean Bart, Freach man of war, and carried into Mar-
ti/14u% oa the I Ith of March.
. _

Oft • LiTTEI !Belt Intaum, DAvID ITV Best
The insults and outrages on the peaceable inhabitants
of this place, these who have never mixed in politics, hot
attended to their badness and domestic pursuits, are so
great that they are no* beyond all endurance, and if
they continue, Ged only knows what will be the cons.-
qe•sool fosethere is a rake and enmity brewing that will
erelong, de troy every thing the French have teft behind
them in their tine of asses-lit for the further thee advance
the lest able hre they to protect its. They will hare to
answer for theirown acts in emptying prisons, mid then
Iplacing their late inmates in gettiton among les. The
besieged in Seaton* lately made a brilliant sortie. They
toad the people of the Paith by surprise, and gate them
each a heating, that their killed and wounded exceed 300.
The remainder dispersed, mid went to lice on their es-
tates; that is. the high roads, where we expect they will
become public robbers. Been seme of them have taken
refuge in a most miserable state, and yet the Y have not
ovreotne their panic. Mantonis converted late a kind
of Gibraltar, with 2000 good ttoops in garrison, besides
many sailors and artillery, and is very abundant in pro-
visions. The Faith party almodonecl, or rather lied
sway frees St. Ander, and we hope they will snob receive
their deserts. In Asturias there is a treat number •bf
troops fdtming, and among them the 3000 troopswho left
liilboa onthe approach of the French, and now tinder the
command of Palarea, and tint 'volunteers of our plate are
Mae collecting there. The meetings at Guernica, which
you are aware *rein the oldatyle,and conformably to the
old privileges of this Province, continue ; but nothing
is decided in them.
Letters of the 13th from Barcelona mention *Atilt
bf importance in a Military 'point 'of vied'; but they Say
that nothing can be better than the spirit of the inha-
bitants, and that they are determined to second the ex-
ertions of Mine.
Rateutgaste Ctacritiraxee.—Yeateiday there iris not
a stogie Mail dee at the Post.oMee, and the Malls Teoa
Flanders and Holland, which were not dee till this learning
arrived and were delivered before two o'eleek.—Thlt sern-
ing there is only a Guernsey Mail dee.

At an odjettrned Meetibg of the Catholic Association
its Chapel-street, Dablio, on Saturday last, held for the
purpose of receiving the Report of the Committee rela-
tive to the regulations of the Society, the following,
amebic other resolutions, were adopted :—that &Catholic
Associktioa be formed, wises* object should be the attain.
nowt of Catholic Emancipation, by legal ail constitn-
tioael moans; and that the Association will not take or
amuse any delegated ur representative authority.
At a meeting of one of thetorporaticas of this town
Weld on Wednesday, it was resolved to dispense with the
oath on the admission of new Members in totem. At.
Perth andlilasgow, likewise, some of the oaths taken on
admission to civic incorporations, have been abolished.
The terms of an oath have on such occasions bees too
often considered mere matter of form and ceremody, the
facility, or even the poesibility of conformity to which
bas perhaps given the patty little concern; the natural
consequence is, to lessen the revetenee due to oaths on
other occasions; and it is creditable to the moral and re-
ligious feeling of the present'day, that the awful respon-
sibility is more justly estlanted.—(hbenses: Animal)
Tile SCSLLY conseqiience of represent-
ations lately made to Oovernment, respecting the distressed
condition of the poor of the Off Islands, the Lords of the
Treasury kive granted through the Commissariat tOO
quarters of corn, to supply the most necessitous with
food ; and have authorised the advance of Wel. tot the
purchase of clothing, &c.
The Betsey, Thomson, which sailed from Greenock
a few days ago for Jamaica and Vera Croy, carries out,
of cotton and linen goods alone, 1,281,917 yards.—(Ca.
Isthmian Merettr7.)
The Arundel and Portsmouth Canal was opened on
Monday; this interesting spectacle attracted a great con-
course of spectators to view ts. The procenton was pre.
ceded by the Earl of Egremont in his harp, followed by
this Mayor and Corporation of Arundel, in their barge, a
number of other boats with parties followed, and laden
barges and lighter, some with goods from London. others
with coals; &c.; the procession moved through the locks
at Ford, near Arundel, to Chichester. This Canal, from
its commencement, has been three yeats in forming, and
has emit about 160,0001.
DUBLIN BLUR COAT Boys—The Children of this
Seminary have had their cake and wine. though dread-
ful to relate, they did not appear in their Orange Rib-
bons. The Lord Mayor, went in state, on Sunday
last, to the School, and had the treat served in his pre-
sence. The urgent call, therefore, of the Build of
Merchants, has not been attended with any effect—nor
have the Children been di .appointed. The truth is, the
Build had ne more to do with the school than with the
municipality (if such there be) of Kainschatkil.—(Dads-
' Pia Evening Post of Tuesday.)
On Friday last, about noon, the village of Helpring-
ham was visited by a most dreadful thunder storm.l
which, for the !tuitions of the thunder, and the vivid-
ness of the lightning, exceeded any other within the
memory of the oldest inhabitants. The electrical fluid
entered the north door of a new brick and tiled house,
belonging to Mr. W. Bailey, situated in the town,
pooled over the feet of the mistress of the house, and a
little girl who was with her in the kitchen, without do-
ing them any material injury. The door between the
kitchen and the front room being open, it entered that
room, and proceeded into a corner where the clock
stood, which was instantly shattered into a thousand
pieces, together with the front window. S lof the
shattered pieces of the clockcase were driven into a door
opposite to where the clock stood, to the depth of nearly
half an inch. The fluid proceeded up the pendulum of
the clock and through the chamber floor, and the
.gable
was perforated in many places ; it finally made its es•
cape, partly by the ebiwney, and partly through the
gable and roof, the former of which remains in u most
shattered and dangerous state, having several large aper
tures ; the ceiling and the walls of the chamber have
suffered much. But the most remarkable circumstance
is, that in the front room where the clock stood, there
were two women against the window sewing, and two
children playing; all of which escaped without sustain-
ing the slightest 'injury, although the table where the
women were at work was situated between the chick and
the door, which was penetrated by the shattered pieces
of the clockcase: A ewe sod her lantb,.belonginet,?Mr.
oohed% were killed about a
.quarter of a nitre Mast of
Mr. Bailey's house, during the awful commodoo of the
dements.—(Stanford Nees.)

GENERAL ASSEMBLY °Pinta comb! oft
SCOTLAND.
Rortencnol, SATIMDAT, May 24.—The minutes of
last sedernot having been teed; the Committee reported
the answer which they hail prepared to his Majesty:*
most gracious letter. The Royal Letter, and after it
the answer, were read paragraph by paragraph, and ap-
proved. The. answer was little more than an echo to
the King's letter, the receipt of which is acknowledged
" with Ventiments of profound respect." The Royal
visa to Scotland, " which his Majesty is pleased to say,
Is an advantage never enjoyed by any of' his' predeces-
soot," 'is 'described in the kosher' a 0 in eientthe Most
auspicious and memorable that occurs in the annals of
oaf Church." Corifideace ,is expressed in his Majeaty'a
dlePtisition to protect the Chinch of Scotland in the en-
Ityment of " all its rights sod privileges as by law es•
alllffshedr and the advantages which the cause of true
religion derives from the services'and seal of the present
High Com Missioner, are deteribed in the terms of bis
IMajesty's letter.=-The whole of the answer having bees
bead, was agreed to unaniditiusly, and signed by the
Moderator
• The Committee then reported the loyal address, which
5y had been instructed to prepare, on the subject of the
yal Visit; and it was read paragraph by paragraph.
r the usualpitomble, it stated, that the General As-
sembly "regard, with sentiments of pecaliar joy, that
paternal affection which induced his Majesty, in the
course of last year, to visit Isis Scottish dominions ;" and
It mentions, ".with the warmest gratitude," the notice
which his Majesty then condescended ro take of ottr Am:
Ronal establishmentg, both ecclesiastical and civil. It
Seat stated, that the Church of Scotland was" highly de,
IlgAted" at the favourable terms in which his Alajesty,
had afladed to his visit to Scotland, in the speech from
the Tilton', at the opening of Parliament. ,
The Loan ParsIDENT considered the express*
* highly delighted" as too familiar, and proposed in lima.
iff it the words " highly gratified."—Agreed,
The next elapse stated, that tbe.King's visit bad, "in
it Allis degree' strengthened and. Confirmed" the loyalty.
of his Seottishlabjerts: , •
A member on the cross-benches considered the terms,
11 itt a high degree" to be too, superlative, (a laugh>
coming, as they did, so closely after the words, " highle,
%ratified," "warmest gratitude," &e.—(Laoghier, and
fleat !)
, The address concluded' by. praying that his Majesty.
way long reign " over a pious, free, loyal:, and ham
people."-.-.lt was agreed-to, and signed, in like manner
dith the ans rto the Rov it Leiter.
Professor mss then rose to resew, thoogh in a se-
parate form, is motion respecting slavery in tit West
1 ndies. The Committee had pot considered it expedient
to introduce it as an addition to the cougratttlary ad-
tilts, tvhich bad inn been agreed to, but he understood
that there was no objection any where that it should be
treated as a distinct subject of congratulation; and he
therefore moved that a Committee be appointed to pre-
pare an address to the Throne, communicating the sub-
stance of his motion, It was as follows:—" That the
General ,Assembly shoold send an address to bis Alaje s
ty, expnitaive of the high satisfactioo with which the As- .
suably have seen the resolutions adopted by the Hto
nourable the noise. of Commons, in pursuance of a pro-
posal made by a member of his Majest)'s Government.
on the sotiect of negro slavery in the West Indies—the
pledge given that effectual and decisive measures will be
adopted for ameliorating the condition of the slave popu-
lation, so as ultimately to prepare them for the enjoy-
ment of the rights and privileges of British subjects ;
and to assure hit Majesty that ,the General Assembly
have the utmost confidence that such preparatory steps
will be ciammefteed as early as possible, consistent with
the Welfare or .the Mies -themselves, and the interest of
all voncernai." '
Principal NicaLlseconded the Hon. Professor's motion.
Lord Intaisoweiatinc proposed as an amendment, that
in an address of this kind the special thanks of the As-
sembly ought to be /*keep to the Crown, for. the earnest
and aortuuttineexertious ofbis Majesty in all the Courts
of Europe to abolish this most nefarious practice, as ha I
believed that Monarch hail been most assiduous in ea-1
deavouringto procure this important object.
Mr. Win. blow approved of the present motion. bat
should oppose the additional clause of the learned Judge,
because it thanked the Government for exertions which'
the previous motion proved to be only in colons-,
plation.
Mr. WM. P.m approved of the present motion, and
felt deeply indebted to the learned Judge opposite, for-
his judicious and well-timed addition—the propriety of
which was rendered peculiarly obvious at the present
moment, when there have just appeared the *Oficial deo
comeate, which prove what exertions Government has
molly made in endeavouring to persuade Foreign Powers
le adopt more vigorous measures against the Siam
Trade.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Istato begged to correct a misapprehension ender
which he had laboured. He thought the motion of the
horned Judge had related to slavery; as however, it
*sly applauded the exertions of the Government in sop
pressing theslave trade, he withdrew his opposition. •
• Beth motions were then carried nnalumously, and
a committee appointed to prepare an addrets occur.;
dingly. •
- After sonteroutine business, the Assembly adjourned
110 Monday.
MONDAY, MAY 2b.—After some private business, the
Committee reported-the address to the King, on the sub-
ject,pf negro slavery and the slave trade. It embodied
the resolutions of Professor Jardine and Lord Meadow-
beak. • The address having been read first entire, and
afterwards paragraph by paragraph, was agreed to an.
anitnottsly, and signed by the Moderator, in name of
the General Assembly.

COVENT-GARVIN THIATRE.--Arter Shalinpeare's
Comedy of Errors, a new Farce called, Cent per Cent or
the Mapperade. was last night produced at this
Theatre.

In this, as In most other farces of the present day,
the same charactersate brought on the boards. A u4u-
rions.crtisty old deck or guardian, one or two spend-
thrifts, with a rascally servant, and a brace or so of
mad headed girls ready to elope with any man-who is
bold enough to ask them, are ample materials for our
modern authors of such pieces to work upon.
The Piece, howeter, is full of bustle. and the exrel-1
lent acting of JONES. AIM); FARRI{N, BLANCHARD,
and U'Costaum, together with Mrs. PAVFNPORT and
Miss Bitavraoarr,could nut fail to make it entertaining.
Symptoms of disapprobation were manifested in an
early stage of the performance. and in some degree coo-
-1 tinned throughout ; but the piece was nevertheless an-
nounced for repetition witb the approbation decidedly of
a considerable majority of, the audience.
We thought the prices of last year were too low, but
those that have.taken place during this month are still
lower than they had been at a similar period lag year.
Hogget Ewes, I.:iv:mond Lambs have been sold with the
fleece en at is.. to 1•?.. tid. each ; Cows have equally de-
clined in price; Mitch at 4!. to 5.1. each, with the calf
at their fret ; but some very estraordinary tine ones have
brought 61. to 7!: for dry Cows that are not in condi-
tion, there are no buyers, and for those tnat are, the
price has fallen also. We cannot acconnt for this decline
in the prices of stock, while those of every other agri-
cultural produce advances, it► any other way than from
the severity Oldie winter and spriog haying rendered the
cattlwin much worse condiiion than last year, and the
scarcity of hay and grass causing every Grazier to consi-
il der himself ergucked.--(C:thrall Adverliaer.)
