THE STATESMAN.

pressing for the appointment of a Committee to en-
qui e into the general Administration of the Colonies;
imu lie was persuaded, that the result of that enquiry
would show that they were not deserving of that
obloquy which had been thrown around them in a
publication which had been lately given to the world.
With respect to the Bill before the House, he felt it
his duty, hi every stage of its discussinti, to reprobate
it as a measure uncalled for upon any Parliamentary
ground, or by any evidence whatever of the existence
of the evil which it is intended to prevent : a measure
highly objectionable in principle, as assuming a
questionable and hazardous interference in the inter-
tell conduct of the Colonies, and in its oppressive de-
tails endangering the whole system of colonial policy
by which the security both of the properties and the
lives of the white population was preserved. lie ad-
mitted, that uith the sense which Parliament had ex-
pressed of the nature of the African Slave Trade,
they might oat nrally he anxious to prevent any eva.
8;4)11_4 the Abolition Bill, or any clandestine oppor-
tuniitaeg for the existence of the evil. But before they
went nn
.a pursuit, of fresh penalties, or fresh enact-
ments to prevent the evil, they ought to be satisfied,
that. by the usual and established course of Parlia-
mentary proceeding that the evil existed, and that
the law as it stood was insufficient for the purpose,
and that it was necessary to provide other enactments
to perfect their object. Without this ground of pro-
ceeding, the House would set out on a crusade of
Le4sletion derogatory to the character of Parliament,
and whieh, gruningnnt of the ardent zeal and inflamed
state of inen't minds in the attainment of a favourite
object, might lead to consequences highly iniarious to
other interests connected with that favounte ObjeCts.
in the present instance., the mode proposed.for the
prevention of the supposed evil by the establishment
of a machinery of lutenist regulation, was one of a
very unusual. tigers, and founded upon the essump-
tints of a right to interfere in the internal conduct of
the Culoeies, queetimmbieje itself; bet which, if it did
belong tuthe Parliament of thiitmuntry,all must agree;
'should only be exercised upon the strongest grounds of
necessity. If the clandestine importation of slaves does
exist in the Colonies, which he denied, and of which
there wits not the slightest proof, and if a registry of
slates htnecessary to prevent that evil, why is the
Parliament of this country, even if they possessed
the right of legislating for the Colonies, called upon
to pass such a law until they fouod that the Legisla-
tures of the Colonies would not of themselves pass
such a law. Would it not be wise to see whether the
Legislatures themselves will not co-operate with the
Mother Country in rendering the abolition perfect,
before Parliament resorted to the unusual course of
forcing such a measure upon them ? There is some
reason to believe that this co-operation would be af.
forded. In Antigua t here had been eveu disposition
to promote the abolition,' as the Honourable Gentle.l
man had himself admitted, and that disposition might'
be felt in the other islands. Why then have recourse
to this' meainre, unless more was rimed at than is
avowed? Why could It 'be necessary, unless this
was intended as the commencement of a series of le-
gislation on the part of this country, which, if car-
ried to the length and directed to the object professed
in a work lately given to the public, would put at
imminent risk and destroy the whole system of colo-
nial policy, by which the property, the peace, and
ha?piness of individuals, and the security of life it-
self, are altogether maietained. The melioration of
the state and condition of slaves in the West Indies
wet so object that might well enter into the feelings '
i T
rational xtt SOR DICRY DI4COYERY.---Satarday last,
•of men, and he would be glad so go every
accompanied by Messrs.
and convenient length in the attainment of that oh- r. Iu Ic "Pervic"r'
Gorie Niamieughton, officers, discovered a pri-
ject but he conjured the House, while they were
sate distillery,
of considerable extent, under the
employed in that gratifying work, not to overlook
arch of the ionth Bridge, Edinburgh, which has
and disregard the interests and the security of huh-
been working these eighteen months past, to the
viduals who were unfortunately possessed of that
great injury of she revenue. The particulars of this POLICE. -
speties of property. He conjured them while they
seizure are worthy of notice, from the great pains —mmeneas.
were endeavouring to benefit the Blacks not to cacri.
which had been taken to prevent disclosure. The Bow.TßEET._•yesterday Samuel ITh
Ace the Whites. He would not enter at large into rrnarry and
door to thehidece where theo operations thrtopies to which he had alluded, as the Bill wa original Henry ickland, two young men, were charged by
going forward had been carefully built up and plus.
agreed to be read the first time ; but viewing the mealthe beadles of the parish of St. Giles, with being the
tared over, so as to prevent any appearance elan en-
sure as one that had much of evil in itself, end much .2 in - ringleaders of a riotous assembly at the bottom of
'ran"'
Behind a grate the fire-place of a beds
of roil in view, he should give it his decided protest rtioru-street, to the number of about 500, and be-
room nn opening had been made, and fitted with as
is all stages of its discussion. fire they were dispersed 8 or gOO, on Tuesday even-
iron door and lock exactly fitting the grate, which • •
Mr. P. MOORS concurred in this opinion, and 2
could only be seen by being removed, and this pas- ' gig, from which the most serious consequences were
apprehended.
trusted the measure would receive no further coun-
sage led to the flat above by a trap-door and ladder,l
tenance. At all events, it ought to be preceded by A gentleman attended on the behalf of the parish,
where the still was wo king. This place again was
the appointment of Committee op stairs, for the aid stated the frequent alarms the parish and neigh-
in one of the deaf arches, immediately adjoining the
purpose of ascertainieg how far the Acts at present .... bnurhond were put • into, particularly at this time of
venom arch of the bridge, and the person had found' the
in force for the prevention of 'the Slave Trad
wi e were
means to convey a prim from one of the town's year. During nearly the whole of last Sunday
or were Mott
operative. If they proceeded thout there were:fights. They assembled in the streets to
branches, which gave a plentiful supply of water.—
this ,
enquiry, they would be legislating in the darkfight, and fought with the most deadly weapons :
A soil pipe was also got at, and a hole broke .
and interfering with those refornis which would, it yet it was extrem difficult to detect them, as on
through into a neighbouring vent, to carry the
was presumed, emanate from the Legislative Bodies Besides still, an alarm of the approach of the police the mee
smoke.
lt te a considerable quantity of
in the Colonies. The lion. Gentleman then referredhanded the weapons to the women, who concealed
wash, and some ow wines, where found in
iUse pre-
to the late case of Brodie, Dunbar, and another, tothem under their long woollen cloaks. lie lamented
Th miser;aso many casks, maston, large iu dm
show that a variety of practices masted, which werethe late conduct of the Court of Session, where two
spirits were said to have been conveyed away in
mach more open to reprehension, and much fittermen were convicted for a similar offence, and tie
a tin
. case, made
.to contain two or three gallons,.
for enquiry, than those to which allusion had been Court only senteßced them to 7 and 14 days' itn-
which was again put into a green bag, and carried .
Made.
t by a woman under her cloak. prisonment, which operated more as en rticeurage.l
Mr. GORDON reprobated the general assertions ou meet than a check. A different sentence ors` thrterl
On Monday, the 19th, a select eight of the ancient
which had been made against the West India Planters,melt having ileen passed • some time since, of I
and maintained that the conduct of his lion. Friend society of Essex Youth ascended the bold and fine arid 18 months, had the desired effect of keoping•thiti
gothic tower of the parish Church at Saffron-Walden, parish quit for some time.
behind him (Mr. Barham) in the management of his
in Essex, and completely rung a peal of Olt melo- •
own colonial estate, was a practical refutation ofThe Prisoners were ordered to find hail. • '
t i i thous changes nthatntricae and scientific method I ;I
such calumnies. His Honourable Friend had, its his ATTON-CO ROM—Leo/wed Wood- was charged'
bb b T
opinion, done more really to meliorate the con. of pertinently on suspicion of having defrauded 'Mr. !'homes New.
i
d an brought roundn three hours and
dition Of the slaves in the West Indies than had been struck man, of 398, Oiford-street, Mr. Edward Farey,'
57 minutes, being the first peal on the belly in that I
accomplished by all the efforts of those who affectedvictualler, Warren-street, Fitzroy•squaref: and Mr.
an min b humanity on the subject in this country.—method. critical !Neighsthe
of tenor '23 cwt. net'
John Dodsworth. lithe-maker, No. '9, .Market-'

was impossible- that this should iiot shed its midget-
ing influence on the condition to which 'these men
b. longed. It was admitted by the opponents of the
present Bill, that evasion of the abolition laws was
but ton easy, and they might be said to be friendly
to the object of it. He had heard enough of the
NVest Indian Legislature% not to have any very san-
guine expectations from that quarter. It was melan-
choly to reflect, that notwithstanding all the admo-
nitions which they had received on the subject of
mitigating the state of slavery, so little had been
done by them, that the unhappy beings were li iblu
to be torn away from their little demitiles, when
they have at length, perhaps, forgot their native
home, and found a second home in the West Indies,
on account of their master's debts—husbands torn
from their wives, parents from their children,
the most sacred ties of human nature dissol►ed.
—Not in one single island had a law to
make slaves astricti glebes teen passed, not.
withstanding the recommendations of the Duke
of Portland, the West Indian Committee, Sir
William Young, and many others. It was a cons:
plete misapplication of language to compare these
Legislatures to that of Great Britain. What sort
of British Constitution was it in which nine-tenths
of the people were not even virtually represented ?
The evidence of a slave could not even be taken.
With respect to the charges against the African In-
stitution, brought forward by an Hon. Member (Mr.
Marryat) some time •go, they were altogether
groundless. Ou enquiry into the subject of the let-
ter stated to have been suppressed by them, he
found that the African Institution, a! the poled al-
luded to, was not in existence—that was only one
SpeCimen. All the charges were entirely groundless.
With respect to the sums stated to have been paid by
Government in consequence of the interference of
the African Institution with the slave ships of Por-
tugal, and a similar claim set up by Spain on that ac-
count, the fact was, that they had never interfered
with Spain, and the transaction with regard to Por-
tugal, was altogether misstated. It was acknow-
ledged by an Hon. Friend of his (Mr. Barham, we
believe), that there was no such thing as marriage
among the West India slaves. In Africa these peo-
We married—in tit. Domingo, marriage was as preva- '
lent as in any other community on earth. He be-
lieved that t►e Bill would be productive of the most
extensive reform.
The Bill was then read a first time, and ordered to I;
be read a second time and pripted.
Mr. FRANKLAND LEWIS moved the third
reeding of the Bread Assize Bill.
Gen. THORNTON wished the Hon. Mover of
the Bill to consent to lower the penalty against the
ase of alum.

LAW INTPLEIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, ict,yl

prtorru rrosts OF THE TKENT AtiD MERSEY

C J. CCOMPA Y J. THOMAS EA ROTT•

In this rase, s% ;lien was a motion to dissolve an
Injunction, his Honour the Master of the Rolls
gave judgment far the Plaintiffs.

COLUIT OF KING'S BhNCII, Jul.s• 5.
CHELiEwittuirt AND OTHERS V. TAYLER.

This was all action brought by the assignees of a
bankrupt, named Cox, an auctioneer, to recover
from the Defendant the value of certain goods, which
he had obtained from the Baiik:upt, subsequent to
his having committed an act of bankruptcy. it ap-
peared from the evidence of a rerson named Spencer,
who had been in the employment of the Bankrupt,
that in the month of April last the Defendant called
at Mr. Cox's house, and obtained from him a war-
rant of attorney, empowering him to sell off his
property, and appropriate the proceeds to his o►sn
use. Under this instrument a sale took place, and
the Defendant received the produce thereof. An.
tecedent to this transaction, however, the witness
stated, that Mr. Co: had frequently been denied to
his creditors, and had, in other respects, subjected
himself to a commission of bankruptcy.
Under these circumstances, which could not be
controverted, a verdict was found for the Plaintiffs.

Mr. F. LEWIS said, his object had been to incor.
porate, as nearly as possible, into his Bill, the
different provisions of the several Assize Acts re-
specting false weight and adulteration. A person
well informed on the subject had told hits, that tl.ere
was not one baker in London-who did not make use
of alum. In all cases this was'a dangerous. mixture
—but to children, in particular, it was extremely
prejudicial. Tile penalty could not exceed 201., but
it was in the powi.i of the Magistrate to lower it.
After a few words fr..m Mr. Alderman SMlni
and Sir G. NOEL, the Bill was read a third time
and passed.
The House then adjourned.

COURT OF CONINION PLEAS, JULY 5.
STLVEMAN V. GItAFF.
This action was brought by the assured against the
underwriters, to recover a total loss, and the freight-
age of a vessel bound from London to Newcastle,
and from thence to Lisbon. The ship sailed from
London, and proceeded from Newcastle to Ports-
mouth, to join convoy. As the convoy had not ar-
rived, she went into the harbour, and was put under
the care of a man who had acted many years in that
harbour, but was not a branch pilot. While he was
warping the vessel op the harbour, he called to the
man on board to hold on the warp; the man, who
; was a foreigner, did not understand what he said :
Instead of keeping the warp fast, he eased it off, in
' consequence of %%filch the ship dt ifted and grounded
on a part where they had peen getting ballast, and
went over on her side. Every tide she sunk deeper, ,
and at last appeared with no more than her stern and
bowsprit above water. She was afterwards found to
stand in need of so much repair, that the Plaintiffs
; sold her. The underwriters defended the action on
no lees than four points. In the first place, they
said there was no branch pilot on board, and there-
tore the Plaintiffs could not recover. Then, they
said, the damage .one was not to the extent stated.
—The neat ground was, that the loss was not oc-
rasitnied by the perils of the sea, but the negli-
gence of those on board. Fourthly, that the Plain-
till, instead of selling the ship, should have repairod
her to go the von age. It was an insurance ou freight,
nod if she had been pot in a state to run, the freight
would have been, carried.

The Learned Judge reviewed all the grounds of
defence, and was of opinion they were not made
out to impeach the Plaintiff's claim. The ship, it
was true, had been sold to a Mr. Nicholson, who
repaired her for a v.) age, but it was proved that she
made water even in fine weather, and by the evi-
dence of several witnesses, was not worth re-
pairing. Be was clearly of opinion, if the Plain-
tiff had exercised a sound discretion in selling the
ship, and had acted in the way he would had he.
been uninsured, there was no fair objection to his
conduct.

.
He contender) that no sufficient case hod been made
out for the Bill, and that unless some strong and
ond..uhted facts were produced, the House ought
put to pass ioto a law.
Mr. WILI3ERFORCE said, nothing could be a
stronger proof of the necessity of some Bill of the
nature of the present, than the universal admission,
not may of the Planters, but of the Historian of the
NVemt Indies, that all attempts to prevent the im-
portation of Slaves into the Islands would prove
vain. He had been accused of dealing in general
Ogles against the people of the West Indies. Whets
sp-aking against the system of the West Indies, he
was always happy to hear testimony to exceptions to
it ; but he would contend that the general system
1,61 s in the higoest degree vicious. Seriously and so..
body standing in his place he would say, that the
general condition of slaves in the West Indies, was
worse than that of any description of Slaves in
ancient times. Persons of the highest rank were
liable to be reduced to slavery--in that state *ere
tome of the most reputed authors of antiquity. It

- - - -
The Jury found a verdict for the Plainiir.

;;~'. `.

bell metal, in the key of E. , pit. ? .., .
! place, Fit zroy..mark et, by menuili of receiving various
CAUTION TO PARENTS.—A melancholy instance of : sums of money out of the Court 'of Requests, Fol.'
the dreadful effect of terror on the mind of a child, wood's rents, by means of forged orders. The Pri..l
occurred a short time ago in the neighbourhood of ' loner was remanded for re-examination, when further!
Birmingham :—A young girl, whose imagination hid , evidence will appear. -- -1
been filled with the frightful spectres that are con-'• Woitslite.sritcci.—Pester, Sarah Kelly was
jured up by the ignorant to punish or terrify rent- . brought up on a charge of highway robbery. Mrs. i
tory children, was thrust into a dark hole or 4eloset • Burrell, the wife of a respectable butcher at Isliwgel
by her governess, for some offence room : V
at:
ton, stated, that a few days back she was possincio
•school. The poor thing continued to serer 141•itN, Copenhagen-fields, and was met by the Prisoner,
the most violent apprehensions, and when the do% e! who, with dreadful imprecations, demanded her
was opened to take her from this abode ja error, !g1,0„,,y ;
rant; 1
So being very much terrified, she suffered her
she was lying with her face to the ground,
to take what trifle she had about her, but not-being
convulsions of body and mind. The condi.. was i satfatiel with it, she stripped her of her- shawl, and'
too powerful for her tender reason, and she uow ran off. Mrs. B. gave information of the robbery,
exists ns one of the most miserable objects of human and the woman was taken into cttsttidy.: -The charge
sympathy. lfer parents and friends, who had anti- being clearly keyed, the Prisoner lilt 'hilly corn-
cipatecl iu due season a fall maturity of intellect, see nutted.
'all their hopes blasted—their interesting little fa. 1 MANSION-lloom—,Yeaterday, hare Vaisl id w^.
vourite is now an idiot : brought before the Lord Mayor, charged with, burs
1 Bacto.—There is no alteration is the price this glorious') entering the dwelling-house of-S.,:nlomon,
week. lof Gravel-lane) and taking from thence three sacks
• . .

.


• .-vP,4

full of linen, wearing apparel, and other art,
Tho Prosecutor, it appeared, was from home-
day (vetting last when the Prisoner and t►sr
contrived to enter the housebybreaking in
nets of the door and carrying away the prof
question. The Prosecutor having returned
ter disciveted the robbery. 'A hammer, mall
two chissels were found in•ide. the door;
paiinels were temporarily ►eplaced. About
on the night mentioned, the Prison
met carrying one of the sacks, and being inter
by the patrole, he dropped his booty, and rat
lie was, however, pursued and overtakea,lia(
to all trace of his t ompanions has been lost.
dili4ent search, however, has been instituted.
part of the property carried away being traced.
expected that further discoveries will be mail,-
Prisoner was remanded for another examinati
John Nicho4, a most respectable looking
man, was charged with defrauding M. !Lodi
Change-alley , of various sums of Monty. Ti'
soner was in the service of the Prosecutor a,
PntlustPrl «jilt the colleeti4n of considerable
Much confidence was, placed in his iiitegrl
appeared that when called upon to balance
counts on 'Tuesday last, it was discovered
had embezzled the sum of 1351. tie •was rema,
for another examination.

Maitusoitotiott.sTezer.—Yesterria) rfinrY
ton, first .Coachmait to the lion. W. (.;,,rd,
cha•ged with a man of the 114111 C of Pope, also
Taut, with robbing Mr. Gordon of coats,
glasses, bridles, reins, &c. The Prisoner
ton, suddenly absented himself from his
service on Wednesday se'llitight, and the same
the stable of the latter was broken open, and '

. .
perty stolen. Plank, nu officer, tliscoveied

stolen property had been taken to PaVogel
hip, and had been removed from thence by t,
loner Pope, a former fellow-servant, who
conveyed in a deal chest to Cambr well.
turned out that Paxton had robbed Itks former
Mr. Shadivell, of Gower street, ot coats, 4/se.
some past of the property was discovered.
subsequently hired himself to Mr.Dicketas,of Ltai
head. Paxton was fully committed for trial
Doll. W. Gordon's charge, and both Prisoners
also remanded for another examination.

Accounts from Vienna state, that the plague
rages in Egypt and S ria.

Judge Fox his signified his intention of
from the l►ish Bench ; his successor has not y,
named.

1)1h:1X
At Reading, aged 16, Eliza Maria, the youngest daughter
J. If. Greene. Esq.
Oct. 10, 1814. at Allahabad, on dory with itte Ist halt
the i4th Native Infantry Ensign W. Bunk., third son
borne, Esq. of Walworiti
June /8, t.sitier, wife of C. Rognart, iir!ilottie, of Hampstead-
road, y °engem dattgoter of W. 11 tat ter, formerly of Cholkereell,
No thuinherlAixt, tient.
On the 3d inst. of Princes-place, Kenninglon, John
Esq.
On the Tith islt, at Ciertsey„ Mr. it. Ele.,ck.
Tuesday, in Upper Wimoole-street, .I..tahint OD, F.Nq
On the 9rl in.t. at W. Itt4d's, Esq Berlfont, slid 11.-
ter T. P. Williamson, aged 16, son of the lute I. ••
Evq.

MATRINION Y.
MARRIAGE should be the foundation or
•haitpiiie..., which i• often disturbed through the
that form the uition too totting those precautions whirl
secure them the enjo% men( of that great domestic bl.-I.i,
• People of every rank pay adoration to the Anew of 11,
lint. whoetlfe constitution ha, been tainted by disease,
: lidded by. a certain-habit contracted at tut earls' age, a .._
tinn of stability .preyinus to enuring that state is todispensabt,
reusniste to revive the %lumbering sparks of life, and so r
male the IlySlele. For no di3Orders hose callfrihnlotl
eseptially to de-troy Hymeneal happiness than those whi
the etaiseipteace of outmoded plemiare. It use this tam
tom which induced Messrs. CURRIE and Co., fiat th
. SO years. to direct their studies and mono hill ettrhadveli
treattnerr and cure of the Venereal Diseam, and the di
ansi,g therebotn, as also to that dents:gement of the syso
dared by the destructive habits of the iiicossiderale .cls
which !trial/s on their distre-siog • delieliii,i, and defirienci
prevent or enthittill the lifirrintoulal state. The 'screw;
suit of their plan gives them additional ardour u..#6.,
ravages of these complaints. which are the most impoi
the catalogue of hu:nroi infirmities. It behove% ever%
who Fur indulged in this Attar% vice to seek reit. I by a
ing professional own of eminence and honour. to which
CU Ott 1 E mud Co. Oahu the stinction of S. holawie nut
;as well an the testimony of totcontradieted fiefs. In pea
the cure of these eusuplaiia, they hold not no indocei
• vire ; rut, sendble. as all men must he, of the eyktence
calomities, Cie), offer their asy;statwe as regularly e:.,-
' Meinliers of the Royal Colleges of Sutgenev of Laotian
}Antiwar/L. Birch, to d recete caw-, .if St phalli ir lakrtinil
' ra.licaliy corral ih Ge short •pare of tun days. Those it!
• most obsduate duration, such ie. o.isiruction., invetercite S
lures, Nils of the Km..., Civets, &c. are pertnauend%
speedily cows'. S;fireral NohlOnsen and Gentlemen of th
i respectability hive hero toiler the care of Meters. Cu,,
Co. for de le ,oval of complaints of the urethra, stria
&c. ;'and kivisv;rereited it radical no i ca-rma.t.....1 cur
qurest'ili et rereienee% Ina,. be made to them, as satisfacior
deuces of lite deci iiii soperiality of .11....0... Currie told
! plan of treatment. Win; of these Centlealeo had sari
trion 10 to 20 i,e.ti,, and were ender the c ire of Messrs. I
I Herms-de,.uari usher surge...es of egad cminetwe. who Mel
1 t'srir cure by the 9splctlion of the lunar eattstic. a tilos
era., 1114,41. Corric aod Ca. have select-d the follow Iry
froth the many ti.ey are daiiy receiyine (rain Goutlecir
"Hefting tbesti.thankt for their restoratimi to soigne an I vi;
healkii.
It *ln. rot to them, unwiliefted. from the son
Noble' Earl.' nut, hi. d lasohl-ed under:ll6 dist rewieg ntal
fir, heila•de forrit)"%e r•; lie WA Ilia antler the rare of r
Sorgeotts of profeesional eatinetice. none of W hew, algirdi
w:1,1:0,1‘,40,,,ii,f , bat from the superior no Iliad ~t• fn.:,
a.lollfbraitin pi":.. d by Me-srs. Varrle itertl Co. lie recei
radical Otte he that Sort space of one month :
•• N 1..... 23,
" Tn Dr. curtu fR. 107. Hation.c.rden.
'el Lard --..-. feel± great plea-ore In ciamaunicating to t.
nuer,eaur perfect re-esiable..onent of his heolth. in comequent,
or Itts-toittl am, adadiatila ii ea •ment of S 'Rowell in the I'
Ora. Ile mss ad i. that he has hot for tunny yenrs eni,
a winch Comfort and freedion from pain ; anal hue entertai
i theist of his i.e.. tag .dstaiher;„ i..sough hi. at, P.l and alleaa,
: perfect and t:tt.ttcal Corr ad thtti horrid complaint. A. '
cotta it'stranger (111 the manneri tint sitit•as teemed the tempi.
I 'he, hes Ain his 0" et• frittow.fmr trial awl a jom tosnestrin
ibialyPfieNizeb, 'lett Sdillsbul eislirr ber'istaiss: stead" 1)7
tiendu isti.Nslliw,ellitcohabeek9r
tisfie.'t '' ' . ' -.. .
I• itdvevicalNottlanl, who have long been di-appointed
egpeetrions of a family, may b, i•-strect, that to isti.s
t•fallrti sllell-defeerl'are runitili b. Mettte-t shill I mad go
litter re.uni4 of *loll impede/sena he .sit life. of &mat .
! i erii4otir ssalh other., es she ease of -is h deg cis, b% i
staid. preen. of renovation, hi she sciestriMithenf. able
rlester.. Be oh early' applieation to*ll.4%rs. Come pow Ce
plateau will escape tie poi , d.iturer, midi sos peace (.71 hot
tau tow anew:feee upon lee. c %pen I.cml pr ir•olloolerS Ma
Cu. rie and 'O. ido rii• rkii.uliert b% p metit-rtinelltst rue:,
the err d secrecy and heitine.:at the it titio4. $. V tiari
!iin ear irPatirot. is she meow% rtieseritiirw the parr
of alai a e. md mode tif ',Nib,. au./....1 g . Milli j
advice Mehl -. .he II .we as ell .he gigela .4 Kill sinn,
of lief , To 0i1..u...1.410.4411.gt Si. a-5.44414 4
4 So .1
..114'"‘• Mr, 11414Nre . ( litter owl 14 added lo tad
11i..411 1111Plig4./lia: Hanna eardee.

741i1)01% • Pro. led .144111,4* • I..t•t al be
ST &Tit"' ir 1141110/Isci-serviet. •
N. 9 ; •

~`

trawisiat
it on Sun.
Ito others
the pan.
roperty in
soon af-
*lief, and
end 'the
ut eleven
nner was
errogated
ran off.—.
oitt hit her.
, A most
od, and a
need, it is I
,le. The
to young
rail*, of
The Pri-
and was
) P ,
b.st it
P his ac-
-1 that he
remanded
my Pa:.
ris»r, twat'
Iso a ser.
s, roach.
er, Pa It.
msstet's
ime night
I the pro.
that the
n'p
the Pri.
o • bad it
It also
elteteri, •
011 r-c• illd
fie had
Leather. ;
rl ois the
lers were ;
toe again
f retiring
yet been
- •
laughter of
attalinn of
'eon or T.
rameste,sd.
.7holkereea,
s Browne,
...v, stn.
limrson,
..mm.--..
•
ar .sod tt
he priers
itch would
wedlock ;,4
Not debi-
ts rewire
spenintrly
so reani-
ated more
which ore
no lb idera.
these hot
tele in the
di.orden
sneer, pre-
k• nl.h.,y,
series that
reefed re-
poor the
o..riss.l in .•
'rl perinit
y
cnrl.ult-
h.irsia.
'seaborne,
professing
cement to
ce of such
r.to :so d
button ;and
,te tfie I
tar Stvic-•
wetly
,f the first
:wile and •
stricture-, •
cure, re-
:lntl mi.
and
Wietwei
• Wine,
iseeenp:ed
omus
ing Inter
trt. 1
I rig.rtrrtrti 1
ton o!
nbJ p I 11..
if several 1
rded hits 1
eceivett a
1810.
• to nr. b
mequenre
the If re.
njoyed so
7141116 rto
ieno'nn, a
It. he was
Imptßilif, •
▪AP B
ackonw-
d in 111-ir
604 al.
attll pelf
tl stod on.
It,. gra.
I II el pe.
Co. toe
nit 1:1
Me
tfr
▪ all
lart;."th. •t+
arieru art
net f
this (Art la
.ecoult
^
at llr
