PROM A BOSTON PAPER.

Suspicions are entertained at Calcutta that de NI.
colar Islands (at the entrance of the Ralph of Reagao
are inhabited by a gang of pirates, beaded by is Eng.
lishman, by the name of Wm. Worthington, It •as
supposed that a ship had been recently met, and at,
tempts h,td been made to entice others into pitt.
YELLOW FEVER AT JAMAICA.

Captain Clarke, who arrived last evening, ea his
passage from Trinadad, fell in with two vessels, which
left Ji►naica the latter end of October, the crews of
which were sick with the yellow fever. They informed
Captain C. that it was very sickly at Jamaica, sad
that must of the crews on board the vessels there had
died.

[FROM 211 E JAMAICA PAPERS OF THE 3D OP NOT.)
It IS with great regret we learn that a fever °farm
malignant nature has appeared in many of the parishes
of this !sked, and is making great ravages moo
the white. inhabitants. It greatly resembles the yel-
low fever of St. Domingo;

With all the deductions to be made for falsehood
and exaggeration in the French accounts of Spain, it
must be seen that there is considerable agitation In
that part of the Peninsula. How it happens, that while
Portugal pursues the work of political regeneration
with a steady and successful pace, the people
of a neighbouring kingdom, u hose circumstances,
character and aims had been so similar, should
exhibit such a difference in the progress of
their attempt, is a question that must frequestly
arise. To what else can it be owing but to the Go•
vernment that had previously prevailed in Spain?—
Greatly more than Portugal or any other nation is
Europe, Spain bad been under the dominion of a rare
of Kings who were remarkable for their imbecili'!,
a►nd who bad in fact resigned the reins of Government
to frivolous favorites and to priests who promoted
nothing but superstition and slavery. In possession
of one of the finest countries in the world, the bulk
of the inhabitants became divested of spirit, tbederenr-
rated Grandees were made the tools °tether State,
end Prance, which under the old regime could at any
time direct at will, the Council. of the Monarch on the
Throne, thought so little of their energ that, under
the Administration of Napoleon, it proceeded witkost
any ceremony to dispose of their throne to a source.
Whoever recollects the conduct of the leading families
of the State will observe the same base want of patri•
otism, and the same exclusi►e regard to their own
petty personal interests, as have marked their condom
through the stages of the Revolution. In conjunction
with the Priests, they have proved themselves the 'reit.
est enemies to the interests of liberty and their toiletry;
and both make common cause against reforms which
mi!,elst curtail the influence they have abused. Con•
nected as he has been, with such, and nursedin the lap
of luxury and despotism. it is no wo:►der the in'•
becile FERDINAND becomes the object of sospicios
among a regenerated people. In the middle ranks al
life, and in the majority of the country, the inhibition
have been awakened to their rights DI 1 d their resources;
the spirit by which they had been once distinguished'
has revived ; and, conscious of the dangers dot
threaten their recently acquired liberties from the dn•
plicity they have experienced in their KING, they dock
around those champions in whom they have reason In
confide. It is no wonder that Rheum and MINA should
be thus respected, and that the people should be loth
to lose those pledges of their security. if the KING
be not infatuated, he will open his eyes to the con•
dition of his country and himself, and by a timely and
sincere concurrence with the people's viewe.tvert from
both the calamities which must otherwise ensue.

The new French Ministers have at last taken a les-
son from the experience of ages, and found that sow
IP
attention is due to the people, from whom the welit
of every country emanates. They see that public
'll
terest is of more consequence than roval feeline; 0
divine right and passive obedience are the fan
otte4l
passwor.!, to slavery ; that despotism is short•lirml,
and must fill by the weight of its oppressors. in Po
vote life mutual consideration is to be obtaoinede the 061 Y
• —il b

i

by candour, and in public affairs, it should oe
basis of all political proceedings. Duplicity and hits''
hood are, however, attributed to courtiers. It SaY
lag as little for the character of a statesra te that he
appears what he is not, as for a divine to act immorol-
ly immediately after quitting the pnl;sit. Consiissieng
as essential amongst public as well as private aims' a
under such an impression, wr hail the fall of the
la
e
Bourbon Ministers, They aff,.,od iihrrafily
they laboured to enslave the nation, and trios to f
the people in ignorance of their tuis‘lee.ls, IoY annihr
lating the Liberty of the Press. This offence al.."'
awoke the suspicions of all parties; an:l the at" 11.
to oust them, brought brth from the Bourbon hi• r
tulant message to the Chamber. clll wou:d out 'll*
