CATHOLIC CLAIMS.

The Nhogni- of DOMNSMIRE presemed a Petition from
the Pi-meow Freeholders mkt Merchants of she City of Dah-
lia, is fawner of she Catholic Claims. The Perinea (she Noble
lAN observed) was most oemerivissly sad respectably visaed,
in piano booth of rink and properly ; and there was se goalie
in *huh the inseres of the country at large win more deeply
eonerriod. The Petition an, couched in the mod respectful
terms. and he believed the E.t.a' nisireisy of the Prolebrant po-
pulating' of Ireland was in tinier of the Unions of their Ca-
tholic brighten. %loch hod already been said in favour of she
Petitioners, nod one boon atone was waning( to sandy every
writ To Womb; that boon was the object of the presets. Pen-
sion. A (amens' Meeting ol the Catholics, hell last rummer,
hod. swans other itermilosicon, stated their object to be,
incnicaie ildelity to the Crown, and she snidest attachment to
the principles of the Constitution.
The Earl of ENNISKILLEN observed. Mal in she part of
the (wintry where he fended, the feeling of the Prosestam po-
polatino was by so means in favour of the Catholic
The Slarquis 4 LANSEOVIN mated, that n greet majority
of she Proinanat proprietors I. Ireland egiieriged is npissiori
wilt the Petitiorters ; aid had the preemie* of the Petition
bens &lined for m Ihlk time looser. the fact would have twee
proved by their slestarev. The Prritlosien were peculiarly
enlisted so the agembos of the Mos.., Ns they come eat to rhino
'sawn. privileges. Inn to gemasoce Met which they enjoyed
at the exposer of their Catholic coonirymen. %Wow had sera
Enna& of alarm in eaneetibie the Claims of the Catholics.—
Not the Petitionen who, froth 'heir local ►hisatt.a. were wool
compettatodge of the object, and isho, in the event of
dormer, would be the Arm tweed to it, came fesward to so-
lidi shot Nome Mu the Irish Carbolic, shooM not coo-
name in a more degraded Mate shoo Ur Cagbolies of soy pan
of the world. nod that they might he placed on the wine (noI.
leg wish themselves. Stich • Plinio,. signed by the list Ns-
bitty asd Iderchaam of lie ProteslaM City of where
the weersoey of *almost wise Nod talent'. Monarch, Wm.
was &retiredly revered. would, he trotted, have doe weight
with the Itoode.

The blown ef BUCKINGHAM was el opinion that the
ww,terily d the Preto-meet lauded proprietors it Ireland were
friendly le the Cothelie Mina.

The Marqois of DOWNSIHRE preeereed noontime, Pot-
shot, of dr are aalisre, from tbe Prowowtoir .f the Tow■ .f
WORM.
The Earl of DARN LEY motel Wilkey with the prayer of
the Petition, sod was happy to dad Nett a great change of
opittioa had token pt..ce among the Prow-omits of Ireland re.
speedos their Catholic brethren.—The Petaluma were t►ea laid
ea the table.

—....-
BURNS. North'Herten, with which he cordially agreed, pray. these. 110 hoped tko Committee would not agree to
The Earl of LIVERPOOL mimed the Order or the Roy 104 for the abolition of Lotteries.—Ordered to be laid the present Regulation whitest farther information.
fm sae third the Al reading of ms Bill.
Lord HOLLAND said. shot sifter the dlnew•las the siobjei on the table. Mr. BENNErr considered that the impolite of
W already eadargame, he should NM triable she House nub Mr. J. SMITIf brought op a Bill to alter and this establisbmeot much 'troweled what it iroght to
my further obtervaliom. amend the liankropt Laws which was read a first dO. There scion number of the Privmsfs, hostel's's
Stsam ' er. were thew ordered la withdraw, bat an dishier ,
look plate. sod the Bill won read • third time and roiled. deo, and ordered to he read a second time. lie sea aware, clip eyed in labour, such as shoe.
IS,. Harlem, she Deputy Clesk of Is.. Crown for trubuid, Sir F. BURD6IT presented a Petition from John makers, rog•makers, carpenters, die. They 11111 nut
attredril With lie oat for the klretioa of • temporal Prier •(
I eluud, la the room of Lerd Vierimmo Nonalood. defamed. Thel wall against the repeal of the right of Writ of lite is ithoat labour, es Isis Hun. Friend this Worthy
Mr. hi Gilbert, mid mbee, Illejahre• trusgbr up from the Appeal.—Ordered to be laid on the table, and to be Marrone hal represented. I
Commies tie Proemial Slier Trade 11111 sad the third owl printed. Mr. Alderms• WOOD did not soy they II •ed en-
[mini Itrytorm of the ComoMionman for Irish Bopp.
Lord GRANVILLE presesired.s Minion from-Chelleabsm, Mr. 'l'. COURTENAY gave orrice, that on 'chore. tirrly without taboo': all he objected lit *Ai. 11" t i"
against soy &tremolo in she Doty on gum's.—Adisonsed. day nest he world move for lease to bring in a Bill a prison ititeisdird for manna' laboor, a stossi.eusiiis
====tete to regulate Friendly Societies. should be employed.
Mr.
johno...llfOr.oUS6l4
sihrtOF
4CO,belictefONSiurrets„
fro
Ire.
loci in We prisms was nary rt.
Is. 41, remitted Ammons of Iteceipm mid iliaprimiluirm. hum the E.Sidirent
eWerollmSb:Mjessatidpithilthedat. ails, rthhee.
rise
oinucates
the that
M rrh.eHobOJLFORD retaloded.tho WoriikyrkA. Iridrer
iis.r.s
/I.':
dllleredi Public I)epartaimilo, und of the Grum Jury Prewar. Hon. W. Quin, he should postpcue his motion till.
irsraarsiner7.,,whorrode:shobusilocrri. bet orPoratiom I I* 141"" 0"
maniala lretarid.—Urdered to be Lid so the lubber ' t4js dry se'onighti ' •
s.,
•..,
K :-
t

Lord NUGENT sloe objected le the eulogist of
the peopo•fri emir.

Mr. HILOUGHAM was at a loss to know how
the items wiontioned in the account could amount to
Ufl,oool. lie thought, before the onto tires agreed
to, the Committee ought to hero ware Information.
Mr. I.ONf; said, only 60,1•Xi1. won. at present
asked for. It had boon observed by an llnonerable
Member (Mr. llontint.), that the ricketier% in this
prise• had mot eaorri.. solitiont. He (Mr. Long)
could only my, in reply to this, that be had •ever
knot's§ a plan., when. an many prisoners were
ontihnoll, so floe ft,mi sickness as the realtamilaty
was. With respect to the stesat-engisto, it was •
molar of economy : a ostentation had been mad.,
and it appoint, that the leas 01 labour on the pert of
the prisoners, had they boon employed to draw wa-
ter, would halo been mote than equal to the *sponse
wr 'hl, P.. 1110. ..

Mr. IIUkIE hoped ,be Committee weeld got sac.
tine 'ha stesne.engin•' silica, the employing tho pd.
goners emotionally in pimping was a wholesome
sooree of discipline for refractory Outliers.
Mr. DOLFOIt D said, there seldom hod been prl.
snores ire.sech a state as to call for constant punish.
ment. An lyceum had been published of s supposed
distorbsece in the prison, and application to Roo.
octet by the Governor in a state of extreme alarm.
Now no filch disturbance kid existed, or bad the
t;overitor et ell gone to Bow.otreet. The fact was,
that some change of officers had taken plus, and the
Steward went to Bow.strut ; bet kf he wee In any
slate of alarm. be mien have met with sometkieg oe
the way to shake his nerves. •
Mr. Aldenman WOOD then moved, as an Aetna.
rent, that the sum should be 40,0001. instead of
60,0001.
After • few words from Mr. S. BOURNE and
Mr. LONG. the Amendment was withdrawn, mod
the or;sinal Resolution was agreed to. •
21,0001. was then voted for defraying the Es.
peaces of the Pegitentiory.house, from Jams 1819
.to Jane 1820.
On the Itesolution for granting 50,0001. for con.
tinning the Caledonise Canal,
Lord CA RUA MPTON opposed soy bertha gnat
of money for this ;Hurts*.
Lord BINNING defended the grant. The work
when completed, he raid, would prove very advs..
luensi In the committee and trade of the country,
and had formished employment for a number of Scot-
tish labourers for a eery tonskletsble time. The
work was originally undertaken in coneequece of a
✓est number of Petitions promoted from the North
• England, Ireland, sad Scotland. and from persons
engaged in the Baltic trade. If the present vote was
barred to, • (farther vote next year. of 30,0001.
II mild, in all probability, covet lest this greet work.
Mr. HUME did not wish to oppose the present
par.!, bat be thought, before any further application
'war wide, it should be ascertained secetately what
sum would he required to finish the work.
Mr. W. Sllll.ll defended the grant. The work
bad already been productive of great public benefit,
by employing a great number of poor individuals,
rod teaching them indestry by fernishing them with
labour, and ensuring then a reward for their labour.
Ore advantage bid already arisen from 150
voyages had within the last six months been made on
Loch Ness ; which before had been considered as ien.
practicable. It would also be bad economy to wish.
bold one.eighth, and prevent the work from being
itsislamlos hem seven•eigliths had been already grunted
After a few words from Mr. Alderman M 00D,
the Vote was agreed to.
The Ilosse reigned; sod the Report was ordered
to be received to.notrow.

Anew Writ was ordered for the comely of Mon.
moroh, in the room of Lord G. Soorersot, who
has accepted the office of one of iho Lords of lb*
Tressory.
APPEAL or klußDElt.
Oa the third reading alike Trial by &dile Abelitina Bill,
%sr IL %I. ILSOY sake, be fell it le be his den• to e s plots the
soothe. mi whirls he bad sated *a a former soemmiois &soiling the
1141. Ile had its toning objresioas as any .are to sloe Trial tor
Ilawir,otenl the peace of pestilog an ledirioloal to a Normal While
Lot be Mill elsoaglit thelprostriple of the A pp. ill of Meader might
so he preserved as a princeliest for the torn of thesalsirt tagahoot
alt orhotrario estammoda of Illiaisters. who might plaint their
Nieto. ardort the et' burr pester by the prerugaiise of rude*.
Rs the Marini A. t She wither was horrao I. whey cell la•fol
enneonhanie" bat It a., always to the potter of she theater to
sell an adkeor, whom be might crammed to hie upon she
People. th it he oat secured hy a pearls already signed. she
salerair. fear a the Inc 111.111101 he hikes away, and be wish, he
Pest reaslown to eoh.ider wouot command. weir and what weir
eme Lutist. As he dot rot with to pot sin life of an individual
purely al she nwrry oft farilollllor mob, owl. prime, he tletoold
prop• se 111/11 it should be no she poser of She Jodie. eosins
ose.atime ad nee Appeal. nod oh it tote ultimate power of voodoo
thoorld be lodged milts she twirls, Judges lie sloald mate shot
she Bill to read a shirt Ilene oh s dot Ilene weeks.
Sir. Alderamo N 0011 told ke thnold vote silk tl.e Galloint
firoeral, note ithodurodiog the very 1.0. W.., speech of the
loons dile and Learned Geatiensaw( Serjeant COOP.).
lor Sir 11. W.I. or', Ameadvamd i Agoirt.t it 611 Majority 82.
The till WA.. nowt a lima time and pasted.
Mr. W. IX/lit; I.AS moved for leave to Woo is a
Bill fur Swing Books in Scoiland.—Leave
Mr. Serjorrot COPLEY. withdrew his Notice of
outlive for to-roierow for Ibo Minutes of tiso Not.
tioghout Election Committer (iso believe), bet in no
ion a toes of voice thot centre enable to collect his
r 4.1111011111.

Mr. HUME moved for urines Pews respeolog
the Commie Commissioners, via. Letters addressed to
the Commissioners by the East India Company's 1)i.
r-ciors, recommending a more speedy mode of lei.
thug the claims of the CreJitore—'2. ',tiers from the
Creditors to the ume rifect-3. Ablract of the
Amount of the Climatic Hews, appropriated in the
liquidation of the Claims of the Creditors :—4 Ac.
(-mai of the Eapences of the Cumniisaioners from
ti.cir first establishment, &c —o.flered.—Adjoarned.

LONDON:

TUESDAY, MARCH 23, 1819.

In looking ..ter the French Papers we 6nd a eery
small rern•ner•tion far oer trouble; and the reason
that our e•teuporaries lend se large a portion of
their Jo•rnsls so French alfai►s is, that they ere on-
raining or afraid to speak as they ought of their af-
fairs at home. The American author of • book on
the Principles of Nature has taken for his motto as
follows :

•' Ile who cannot rra.on i. a tool,
" Ile who will not reran i. a bigot,
'• Ile who darn not re..nst 14 a slave."
Now we hose only to observe on the above epigraph
that there may be another cause for a man's declining
In reason, and that is lase venality. There has not
occurred within the memory of the oldest man living,
an event that would call op an much manly reason as
one of last night in the /louse of Commons, if our
Journalists liked reasoning; and ohm, bat for the
speech of Sir It. WILSON, and the support of Alder-
man WOOD (Sir F. BL'IIIJI.TT had spoken on it as
became him before), tl•e measure might he said to
bare passed sub silottie. In the progress of Ibis
Bill we expressed our indignation at the manner and
time of introducing it : but we never could believe that
it would pass a third reeding with so little said span its
demerits. " Wager of Battle Bill," indeed. Why,
it might be called any thing el.*, end yet be as well
described or imagined. Who cares a fig about the
Wager of Battle Bill? It is at impolitic and ins-
pious a law, es that which was formerly put in
force against witches: the sooner it is expenged
from our Statute-books the better, for oar credit as
reasonable emigres. Bet tantistitisc PPP • A L IN
CAtIE OF aluNoLa!! POLITICAL MURDER, my
Countrymen! What do yne think of that ?
Look at the trick of those lawyers, for the pay.
coma of whose salaries and pensions you deprive
yourselves of so much useful and necessary money.
" Wager of Battle Bill." As well might a mar-
demos Physician call a draught, made up of subli-
mate snerestry, or soy other deleterious drug, by
she innocent title of a rhubarb draught, because
the compound shesld contain a few grains of the
powder of that innocent root ! The completion of
this Bill is the more horrid and menacing at this time,
because it is possible that the solierings of bodies of
workmen may drive them to associate, and after
petitioning in Wain, to ethibit themselves as spec-
tacles of pity to the Throne (would we could
sly to the Throne of kltact on earth). They
msy hope that the sight of their haggard coon.
feu races and emaciated bediee would plead

more io their f than all the elegem* of
their sympathising fiends. NOW, in this Case,
suppose the military sboold Le called out (as they
no doubt would), sad under the lortience of a con.
cooled treaseuable desige la the visitors, • few pla.'
loons, wader the command of • prig of a Martinet,
be prepared .ith ball cartridges to obey the orders
when gives to fire on the crowd, unless they instantly
dispersed. How possible it is that a few of these pki•
able wretches in retiring might deal out some violent in-
vectives open the military, sod those who em-
ployed them, and • zealous aspires( of a corps.
cal and sir or eight men fellow them into the
atone. of a public-house, end there lodge In their
backs or breasts either their balls or their bayonets!
Weald a death so inflicted be murder or not ? If it
should be •o deemed by a Jury, the Kira or lit:.
um would, no doubt, as the head of the Army.
and the encourager and reoarder of its seal and
lirjaity, pardon the murderer, and pension him for
life. The friends of the slaughtered men wneld—
what ? APPEAL. Bet where is the law of Appeal?
Disposed of for ever, es the Habeas Corpus is Ills.
posed of as *cession requires. •
This is a subject to which we shall have occasion to
recur; it mast not, it shall not, pass off so easily.
Nay, we are not sere that on ibis momentous oc-
Calk). ors may not be forced to break through a rule
we had laid down, and cell up by name or designs.
Oen, eeetain writers in Journals to joie in the de.
ounciation of this proceeding. They hare not sorely
take. berldx-morsey to indict ,curses anal slavery
open their very offspring for ever. A mars may
enlist himself for life, bet we newer beard of his
son end grandson hiring included in the enlisting me-
i ney, to she same slavish servitude. If certain Edi.
tors are silent upon this high and important subject, I
they have more turpitude to answer for than could
base been imagined. The very Government lawyers
must think them • flagitious set of corrupt hypocrites,
and we shall consider them as mere than para.:fps
crimihis, for they are the very cause of the mischief.
TheArroaerv-GEnteAr.(theliing's deril, as Boast
Tonic, sod writers of old called him), would no
more have ventured to propose each a Repeal Bill
without ',chunk,' on their geilly silente,than he woeld
the enacting one, which should make it imprison.
ment in Bridewell for • mao to tell • neighbour that
limes were hard.

Jost as ua had written so far is the weensipled
silence all around us, Coop so dreadfully beset with
danger, we recnived a enpy of Mr. TULLWALL'S Pe-
tition to the Mese of Commons, which we cannot
bet highly commend, and shall !MINIM touinorrow,
as it deners.s. Where •re the descendants or pupils
of the litacastomer, and pertieularly of tins liotas ?

We are informed (and we hope not untruly) that,
touched by the probable poceniary difficulty of the
f.mily wherein so many indlvideals have died of pu-
trid sore throats, where wine has beers prescribed,
Sir WILLIAM CURTIS sent the OMICTINJ surviving pa.
rent a hamper of wine, and a 201. note. Now, al-
though this is bet • mite in the weekly profits of the
Ilareoet's contract with Government, yet is it a trans.
action, in these days of selfishness end bard.hearted.
nese, that deserves to be mentioned and imitated.

Two Ilambergh Mails arrived yesterday, bringing
Papers to the 12th inst. An •rticle from Warsaw
proposes to make the lazy Jews in Poland useful to
the State, by ma►ing them repair highways avid canoe.
ways. The late Loan, negotiated for Denmark, to
the amount of silt millions of marts bent°, will, it is
said, be soon followed by a larger one, to be raised
in England, on the same conditions as the first. The
Course of Eachange at Copenhagen has improved re.
pidly, end is now nearly at par. The King of Dem.
MARK is to take a journey into Jutland in slimmer.
During the Carnival at St. Petersbergh, the Court is
to lay aside its mourning for the late Q•een of Win.
TEMBLIG, and the places of public amosemeat will be
opened. The Governor of Dalecarlia has presented
an affecting Report in the Swedish Government,
respecting the 'kinder' of 40,000 souls in that pro.
since, who, *minima to his statement, will,
from the beginning of this month, have neither
bread nor other means of subsisterice.—The army of
Hanover has been seduced from 3U to 20,000 men,
notwithstanding the wish of a Great Personage in
England that it should be kept up at the fell establish.
meet ; but the People seem not quite sure whether it
will ultimately produce a saving to them or not ; for
as no Budget has been made public, they do not
know what is to become of the one million and a half
of dollars which ought to be saved by the reduction.
Teo young German Noblemen at the University of
Jena tied challenged M. STOURDIA for the Memorial
published ander his name. Its replied, that he could
toot fight, as he had merely acted by order of the
Emperor of ItuastA. The answer of the young
Germans was, SS M. STOURDZA bad acted only as
servant according to orders, they, as free Germans,
had no ground to demand satisfaction of a thinking.
writing, and acting aichine; and, therefore, would
not require it.—llataburgb &change on London,
33.:.-33. 5.

By the Leeward Island packet we yesterday re-
ceived Trinidad letters to the 28th Jimmy, and of
various dates frees the Spanish Main. Nothing ma-
toast bad occurred, in a military point of view, since
Idesateto's defeat by the Spaniard., in his approach',
towards Comilla. " This defeat," as one of oar'
letters from Angostura states, '6 was owins to one
of those accidents occasioned through tha want of
discipline in the troops ;'• bet it is better that this
should have been the cause, than the repetition of
those lamentable dissensions among persons entrusted
with command, which bare retarded the progress of
thermos*, and thwarted the views of the V •
lean Government and its meritorious Chief. In con.
sentience of this defeat, the (loyalists entered Co-
inenscoa with 608 men, bet •fteewenly evacuated It
in take possession of the line of coast up to the Golf
of Paris. The PstriAs hod, however, re-occupied
Goiiia.

To rss EDITOR o• rue ST.ITES.VAV

Sts,—The Westminster Committee, in the opieloa
of some people. have committed an oupardoweble
offence by publislarig their Report of the 9th IFob.
last. It is alleged to bare been the solecism 'kids
vicilvd the oppositios to Mr. llonaousa at the late
Election. If that Report bad sot beers published,
would not the same men have used epos some other
thing as a tea', for opposition ? Yes, moot certain'',
it was se Wiled. I hare frogeently heard that Re-
port spoken of with great *Moony, and when t►ose
persons were asked, " Prey have yea read it ?"
.6 N.; I would not read such a ferny of abuse of
the Whigs." Others, who ere good friends of free.
dom. lamented that such • Report shoold have bum
published to mouse division among the !Amok at
Parliementary Reform. list when they also were
asked, 44 Have you read the Report ." N• ; I
should like to see it." Accept of this copy, read
it with eindettr, then give me your opiriion.
The result was always fareorablo. They wool/
theresay, " I have read tholleport again and again,
and my opinion now is. that the Committee, bested
of being stigmatised so bit lerl y, deserve greet praise."
That importeet Report appears to me to be well win.
thy of a place in the Srarcvastr. to. give every
Reader of that useful twit widelf:estendod
I►iiaael-
lie, an opportunity of reading and judging for Moi-
self, mod sot be warped by garbled accounts, oe
misrepresentations of it. lam sure it would be few
acceptable. Perham it wield be tee long for yes to
lepers room for it all in one Paper, bet it might be
divided into two. 1. hope, Sir, pie will see with me
the propriety of making t►at public document still
II
more public. _

T. H.

We will C.llaw the ailvire a? oar wash, Carrell...Aka.
naA pable4 the Report at aver, al al ilia pallet*. a. airy
Ile 11104 eatereairai.

There has been no wive! ad Paris Papers sin=
Saturday. Three days Journals ere now due.
Owing to this disastrous operriergwf the campaiges„
Geiser's! Bouvet' had been competied to change htu
plans ; and after returning to Auguste's, had set of
to join PAU'S division. Tho latter bad burnt and do-
strayed San Fernando de Apure, in order, wo sir
pose, that his force might be the were diseugsged, ga
we have alwajs been led to consider this pint at
greet military and commercial iroportarem. It wee
probably owing to the advance of Mott %LE,' (Royal-
Lir) division to Camangsao. from which place he af-
terwards fell back. CALZADA, with soother Royal.
hi division. occupied Yuan**. The concentration et
the Patriotic forces is on the Apure, where the So-
prem. Chief "orrid arrive about the Itegioraing if
January with reinforcements. An epidemic disorder
had broken out among the Indians belonging to the
Missions of Grotty, which lord midi coosiderahle
ravages. Three hundred and fifty British voloartwrs
had arrived at Angostura, and more wereespected.—
'lli% would certainly be esirearely favourable to the
Patriotic cause in Venezuela.

Yesterday, Papers to the 24th of Janeary, mad
totters to the Si ell. were received frees Jamaica.
The blood of Si. Kitt's, by the latest arrival at
Kingston, was described to he in a very unhealthy
state, and Rarest mortality had taken place. Maul
of the inhabitasts were quittirg the colas., foe
Nevis and other islands. Tilo President of the
Council at St. Kit 's died on the 11th of January;
end was buried on the 14th. The death of Goo
Pamir,' has been already mentioned; Mr.
Smite, Comptroller of his Majesty's Cosines, bee
also fallen a victim to the prevailing fryer. TM
mortality in Basre.terre alone was calculated at
six white inhabitants on each Jay, iodepredeet
of cologne(' end black people. His Excel..
lency Governnr attivaae, of Sr. Ilartholomear„
passed a few days at liasse.terre, St. Kitt's, is the
end of November, and ofeersanla proceeded to
Nevis, where be died en the 10th of Droombev.--Ae
eapedition. under protection of a frigate and a brig
of war, sailed early in January from the newspeak.
for the Florides, to take pateessirse end gamisee
Pensacola. The Sybille frigate, hawing on board a
million end a half of dollars, had reached Cassie.
Items Vera Cris.

Letters from Cadiz Is the let, sod from SiWWI
to the 9th last. have bee• received. It is aneretioned
in them, that Om Spanish merchants bad agreed to
pay • certain amount a Hy to the Gramme it
for the repeal of the increased cloths,. Ths latest
dispatches received from General Mesita.° were br
the Sabine frigate, from the II nab, bet not a
word of them has appeared in the Madrid Cinders
received of the beginning of this month. Letters
from Ilavannah, received at Cadiz, stale that thw
(; nor had laid si rmhargn at that place, owing
In the appearance nt I iisisrgarst privsreets. No mer-
chant weasel scarcely ever sailed from that island
wit hoot convoy.
Private letters from Cadiz state, that the Agents
of the Spanish Government hate purchased in Frencts
ports, principally at Bou rdr us, a light aquadrott.cone.
silting of two corvette.. ten t rig:,and four schooners,
which, it is understood, are not to form part of the
Been*, Ayres expedition.
Thu following is • list of the cargo of the Castilla'
from Lims, captured off Cadiz, and active,' at liueaw
Ayres :
Cocoa, (learnt, aakacma 1911 11;111es
35 &non lodize 5Y Kits Capper
41 Hales %Soot _ Y ram llaraware

IN t:a•n Mirk

l($ i2;i.-6.-ti..- -

S Coro Cocos rate

10.1 Iliedtee -deli*

et Pewter

9 Clues Malaise

YO Dalrviloiacisitios .lkias I 1 Caw Old Silver
5 DVa ales sa it 00l 726,619 Dollars is Sileer
1 Caw Cbocalste

The follosiiig Balilb ship arr said to have bees
taken up by an Agent of tbs Spoish Gooecomeot
rise cow/fiance of troop" from Cadiz to Saari
Asirrica. MI but the four last•meationed bare re-
cent!, 4lrarrd at the Cwrow•hoer' for Cadiz is bai-
lie!, and Mare procee•lyd from the Rust _

Tor..
!WO. Le bosom,. 6!)
hi' Kellar
Camilla. Sieph. a. et,'
Ed S 4 are Pile-, stepheasaa 460
Cl.aat. lidocana :Ala I
Newure. llert4 ba
1he.1.410t0. Hart 3:0
Med.,. l'n liteirr YS!

T*llll.
Vrigeg Mnn. Rind "In nb Y 2
AO•Pft HVAlttlfirl
d us. r 111'Dosald tl4l
Robert tlf
Oct age Ile
Moist 'a 701

etc, C.. 11% b•;2 tit

Tut .I SIU
