~
Tim „ WA'

I_

.~i .

.-

. = .
Crinthetl Leer t after a sprier end a tenslinet Witt by • . THE Qv SEN. -
lista is tehiog evidence; diet se interval of a year T=
between the ipointnseet of the Committee and the dis- •
cession of only a part of their measures; at length, The fallowleg is the mincer of her Majesty to the
I ant in so sisal! degree gtatifitol by knowing that my
let:it:hit bastraidelnetioridlYrefoimear gretoOtplertotill taisuetha%ofril.tii
ctsteoft4thrje Address from the weavers of Spitallields :
puesishoseet of death for Site atrocious crime or going
and say bad fortune, my misery and toy happiness,
wills the face blackest upon the high road!
rdiodignifies which I have not desern ish and the
• "It duet not follow, (runs what I have said, that the .
no 'r which fa my sine, are not contemplated with is-.
Indere/lent body in the House of Consomme should re- diff......., to, the silk-weaver of spitalfields. The pros- I
sign their task of pulling the Ministers bail from fools perr""-tof the motion is so bowie* connected With that
ash projects, Or pestling them on to liberal and Witte alto; onanufacteree. that I.caenot hut feel a deep interest
resolutions. Bat at does follow; that they ought to
in the dourishing state of that lung-established Inanu-1
do their work Mine neatly and wore completely I lib" facture of silk in Spitalficlds, which gives bread to thou-
they have 'damned with faint praise,' and • ' hesitated
mods, anal supplies sumptuous decorations for so many
dislike,' they should not allow the condemned mature of my own sex,
to pass into law ; and when they bare shown a derided
.1 /
My mind loere to trace the progress. and me been
prealilect• for a bill, they shoe - allow one of the se oa thisea.with the operations of loirenion, skill, us of
Cabinet, with the amistaure of ten or a doses :"'.l-- •__,"
Peers, to throw it out at the e of a session. They patient inonstry, in all the multiplicity of its toils apd all ,
f the variety of its products.. I have been notch affected
ought to tell the Minister, they rAtaiset support his A' - by the sad privations and pinrhing wants which in
ministration unless such and such things are dour,
and
such and mush others Ira it minor. 1 reetent times the valuable artisans of this capital, and
" We all know the Ministry hare that just mese of ! panindarly the silk-weaver:tot Spitaillehla, hare endnred '
a width it is to be feared in a greater or less degree
their coon willow and insport.sure, that whilst they are an
,
firm as rocks un the questionof diminishing a little. pa-
lestead of increasing production, generates despondency, . they still endure. Taxation, when it beemnes excessive,
tromoge, they feel little or no hesitation at modifying.
altering or abandoning any state measure, which they and paralyses the active powers ; it then operates like a ,
hAve resolved upon after long and solemn delilwration.
People at a distance certainly . ranker upon the natiostalindustryiatad like a blight upon ,
„ the happiness• of mankind. If it is ordained in the.
may aid" arti.v the n°"ge : Commit of Heaven that I shall triumph over nav enetnies,
of l'onotnotos should retain inch a "Ministry as all's mod 1
m mind
will be mole at liberty to ro„id„ loin I ems
to sods it question it can only he answered, that they .font
have learnt the routine of awe, that they are good lora promote the noble mew of English imlestey de Ito
clerks, anti that, in the roarer of
diversified branches, anti I shall not be inattentive to that
long career, they inNpitahl4 ;
as far
as my limited means at prese is 1 12.
have hems very goodnatured to a great 'natty persons at ' , . ~, ; . I
tents, 1 woo toe "mat can to Weft that erect object,
the repente tof the public.
" I have stow, I think, explained why I addressed my thoegh all I cantle is touch less than I woehl in differ-
; ent careen. tures, and much less than the public good
Letter to Mr. Wilberforce. It was, at his suggest/am. &meth
that, for the first time, a Green Bag loss been left utoopen- .
Ely example, however, mar be more influential than
ed. Ile carried with him a majority of the lieut. 4 nac peivsk. „p,.„,iitare„ and if by this example I con 491-
COIIIIIIOII4, in an Address that totani %
eight-al to persuade him to unite. one trlrosattlis.ti;iloktisiLeacseHilslll4. etutrage the growth of our native manufactures, it will
, ibe no small addition to my own personal enjuynwnt. I
" I have said, that the Whigs have 1140 ilton el% It 1
nut very probable that I should wish to dist arse the ii
of
yre the sites of individual enjoyment by the number
fellow-creatures with whom it is shared ; fur the
‘Vhig
Party.
1 ha" beluned l° them allii" In" ntY 1 highteat degree of Isnotain happiness k that which
infancy: I hope to remain with them Whilst I have
breath anal strengths to do tuv duly in public. But is itifisheat,te..firo..,":l7-I,e,..rieflects upon the heart I the happiness it
posaible, that any of them 'flout.' wish to contend that • inr ow
eirennot• tenet.. in olio, I
am placed I feel al
they have power: Of which of the public arts of the '
it„, interests inseparnbly identified with that of the people,
last all years do they
acts inaposisog rases i. "O•ithllitoevfilatienlisittissielrilwarntlit ?lifiOyf -I-16°d particularty,wiilt that 411 Ilse great and enlightened
(Um.
thia.aoltil.iitiatrinidalnedwelout Lglititi'gtillie.ini.l:;tittolitzterisruti;tlnetluti"',ll fair,6a,..tY,t oeffibei,,,Kr 't`eiginelti:..okinoll'hiert:trirall
4•l‘o`;.'`ol.elitl7. woneiryismai ittin,'lll.
oml, it shall be a fixed principle
of the lialaeas Corona Art '': For my part. I pass by all' i in`
toy
conduct. to
usage the infitteure which I possess,
"'le' to ""*"'"' "'"gurm Multi I put "'' li"gef e'l tbst ' it'd the station whirli I /weepy, contrition its tine
Abolition of the Slate Trade, and I say with jot. tittle 1
a greatest possilsle degree to the encouragement of Owl
is
al4 hitt Art ?. lint tbera are "r}; few of iiiiic°bl:l natioltal inadestrl. mot the consequent int•rt.ase of the
plea*: and lam 54.1 far from MIIIIIIIIIIK 10 claim *Si .. , ---__,".
tl4lWer tar the Whigs. that when I see the Parliamens of na"""'" En"Fl`-'V• • .
litta nal protected lay troops avid barracks on every:dale!. •
- An I.l4ren frost Reading, signed by upwards of
of andoe, I rewire with all toy heart that the Whigs ! 2034.1inkabitaits, was am M lay presented to her Ma-
han not contributed to bring one rototitootion at once 1 jests- by C. F. Palmer, anal J. B. Mooch. Esquires,
into probable jeopardy, and certain disgrace. , the nissinbers for the borough :to which address her
" let I muldv 11" n°l "1"11 t° deny' that the Whig' Majesty returned the foilea lug an-wer :
have great merit influence. Mr. Fox says, ' A Party has
istfluence,skso, properly speakittg.no power. The Houses : _ " The patriotic Inhabitants of the ancient borough o
of Parliatoint have abitnalauce of poster ; but, as bodies. Reading baye given me a strong proof of their attach
little or sea infitsence. 'the Crown Las both tumor boo tnent too this affectionate address.
influtencrt.,' These distinctions, thotigh not all of them " All institutions which are' 111.4414. for such a mutable
641141 rate, have nevertheless a foundation in teeth, being as man ought to vary %Otto his character and
" I hate now estleavoured to explain whet I am ens- habits, and should adapt 01,0 a-elves to his progressive
Taus not to have misuederstesti. As for the sturdily of ignorantly. tin itical lima ledge, anal ins onowleiffe
Ultra-Tories and enraged desuarfasses, it laming* tedf of other 11 'Thee truths whirls were formerly elm-
Came. It was against diem. against all the 'need.. 4 Geed to a w are now open to the perception of the
liberty, wlaethee-they write for despotism or for Mink"; many. Pallneal knowledge Is it n gratt-nreenosee gene
timettont up cur pro. i know well, that there is a rallied. Clear ideas are now substituted for the vague
Guiles In fish counter, Who have neither the generous ' phrases of past times The captive has bunt hip ititel.
cotter which Impels own to argent- libelly, mor lectisai chaillS. The mind is ref red from its lour thral-
prudent fortitude whirl, enables them to preserve it. I dom to feudal prejudices, and a spirit has arisen which
know there is a faction, who hate the liberty of the ' will nut endure servitude under any of its imposing
press ; who tremble at popular elections ; anal wise wonki folnis.
willingly purchase slavery at the expellee of blood. oAs Government cannot stop the march of intellect
Their hands are rendered so delicate by 1"1"1/'thit any more than they tan arrest the motion of the titles,
they hove not strength to draw the how of our Anne- tar the course of the planets, it !whores them to cieki in
tors ; and their nerves are made so ,susceptible by rase I time to that force of opinion which meat be finally irre.
and refinement, that they cannot bear to hear the AMIN. sistible ; and to cond„rt it, err it •be too bate, to those
anti the din, matter clamour of a free people. They long mobs ohm,. without enaiiiirriiig the pidoic thin.
to site up their rights, and they would risk civil war to quility,art• in unison with the light of the sp., and con-
purchase a military tyranny. There is another faction, deriver the best interest of civilised man.
which Is in fart but the dregs that are to be foetid in „., ..,
oy adversaries harm all along treated me as if I were 1
every free State, and who complain because they
uinieseynsible to the value of charactt.r ; for why else should
the GUIIOIIII instead of bring at the top. This faactleit-m",
have invited me to bring it to market, and let it be
which is soothing of itself, has lonot raised into impurtance ! eoilit_t_, foist
oi a:, 11,4 !_r____ is not wit..
_or, __ affair
bY the misrule of Mr. Pi" and his colleagues:,, ii'enr, ft,: ;of ari.ill7; rtg 'ca. li•nlatiotit7"A"‘good name"isniset.tewr than
raged by thelistress of the country.
and "Y '''• -nn" ' riches. for I du not dread poverty, hut I loath turpitude,
Art' and three•snlithjit` fif new
t""
ititl)""i last
year, and I think death p„ferahle to shame."
they have avottml with looltiness„pot to say audacity, all
their designs. Their petitions are insult, calumny, and
libel. Their grievance at the law and order of society.
Their Universal Suffrage is no vision ary scheme, of
which it can he said; the let argument for 't is its toter
impraetieability ; it is a dot might practical plan of
phintlet and proscription. Cutsiteton is held out as the
*eat. forgery and murder as the means; and we are
taught to obliterate our moral feelings as a step to im-
proving our political c litho'.
" Front both these (anions I wish to preserve the
Constitution as ls as they wish to destroy it. I would
Not allow the one of them to infringe our laws, nor the
other to abolish our rights. Happily, these extreme
factions have not, that I know, any partisans in the
House of Contusions. The middle class of people are des
termined enemies of both ; and perhaps, speaking fairly,
the Ministry are as little inclined to concur in the ulli-

mate views of the Ultra-Tories as tht (Opposition are to
birdies the schemes of the seditious orators: but both
dopy be pushed unwittingly further thou they intend.
in extraordinasy times men are borne away by thsrflitisd
of events. In a ealus season the few gessroen
'hut in stormy periods the mass absorb the few. lint all
-who wish well to order end freedom, all who value the
.fileertiks Engiand•en.joyed from ItiSS to 1793, beware
!how they open the lists fur the two revolutionary anta-
gonists. For if they meet spits in sack afield of blood
Its that of Manchester. - • •
• teiplisfilloPist
" *Trans prorsustos palest hasia'raiallista."
4•lli.stury °flatness ii.. p. I/94.

CARLIPLII, Auo. 26.—The harvest is now general ia
this district, a mi. upon the whole, may be. seamiest a
full average crap; though the late heavy rains in many
instances have much beaten it. down—reapers
.wakes
about Is. lid. a day,

•

. .
•
Ou Tuesday last, a small vessel wax observed in
Mount's ItAy, to di‘tress, and a boat was launched from
allsesseisole. for the purpose of boarding bet: which
via fortunately effected in time to prevent her from
Aakiss. Wit( much exertion she was got tote Pen-
sante pier on %Wednesday. and proves to be a Weld be-
lodring to aJ. 11. Ttevardon, Esq. of Mather' who
with hie two sons, a 'servant, two seamen, and a laa, was
on board when she was struck by a sea which laid her
on her beafie-ends.--The persons on hosts( took to the
WOW, and Mr. Treeanion, his sons, tie wean( mid ca-
pgot on board a sloop, from which fiber soon
Mrided at Torthleaven. The two seamen pt on
I'another sloop. but it is sot known whether they
mita landed monequestiv—its ho rd the yacht
n, in a deal case ;—uo. the 161 is a silver plate bear-
illowlog' inscription GeGtllll.l
giitrArthil‘ —Died ANgssat Ist. Is•lll.—We are geol.
ISM ie• ill that Mr. Treesnion and kis party arrived
141*Iv al nekton. "darnr tiley art .4 Vettlentatt had
set elf from Penzance with intelligence that this yacht
I was Lroughr into that place.—(ll't at Brit: n.)

• A! TEORULUG V.

The weather (of which we were compelled to mull oar
usual swift lnd week.) continued till Saturdat. the 19th
bight) favourable for the harvest. fa the south and West
of Itnetand a large portion of the wheat was carried; and
lo Devonshire, proverbial for wet. nut a shower was expo-
&mend by a traveller fur the Spare of s fortnight. Between
the 13th and the 17th inehtsite. the Therniumeier in the
Ntrenit, at one o'clock. ranged from it to 70. and the Haw-
meter from 30,17 to 19.119. After the latter da), the Mercury
lo both instruntents sunk, and on the 19th, a thunder storm
occurred. accompanied with rain. A considerable dosage, ow
vestal, was elreeted in the aissosphete its this occorreees.
".4 ow thrliiht tad 19d a gale of wind. with numb rasa took

pisee. sad an unseasonable alteration of temperature. In the
neighbourhood of ltdlahttrgh (where the harvest apprars to
beepreei earlier thsneommon)hetvy thunder was cxperieneed
Opal the same time ; sad is a storm of that kind *Rich had
ossUreed a short linos before in the parish of Methuen, about
teitinftes north-west from Perth. fatal areideut took plate.
Two boys. conducting some cattle home from the pasture.
*ere struck down by liabtatiag. use of then, never more to
rise. Ile was shoat fourteen years of age. and throe or four
yards behind his younger brother. who was also knocked
down by the same shock. but soots rows and alarmed his re-
latives. The side was toss from of the boy's hamlet that
was killed. and oar leg Obis trowsers. There was a wound
epos his bead. Thtgrwtllld was torn a little, but there were
marks of tire. TY&I appears, to Ole third aeeldeut of
IMO Mod whit* am Impolisod in that plaee. all three within
a quarter of a *He. w fifty years, sad baste sissaciabry
is suggested to electrician Ip attempt to discover the moo
why snipe places are asamt pmgd twaseilleata of the kind
than others. lime Is a1M111,1111.111.1a the estausat4O-
protases of the .It Y miLlialteptala, about
a mils is worthy Moll SM mountalas.
whit* of the Ifttore deposit
rt.ll• !roe below. Is s spin
MEW 11111114, Mfr. IML

1 - • 00000 nierTilt. i
6 1 i 11 •anouirara.
o'clock. o'clock. at alilit.
411011
17/11.. ILI.. ' :11 66: /V WW , Fair
au .89 • Rain
Egg, Tu... _66 W 61 ,P 9 I Cloudy
a W._ 61 • ea 53 woo Pair
114. Tb... a' 1 67 *6 • .91 Fair
111. P.. • . W 67 63 911.94 I Cloudy
is. 2.-... , 67 es — re !Fair
