--t.

-

-
DitAY ntITING at Na" VI, Wiwi 1110414treit.
4 /04., " rOgrra spleirliA • tAIAIRI4I4I. PAINT-
.... . .
10.'71'0414 ihr A IT NTS *MAMA Wrong
' teeirpltAriAltli aliVeritt ether nienara. . -
Madman. lv.—Cateintee. dd. . •
-AAV• TWP.LVP, DAYS of the .110• YPTIAN.
vtIM'I.V.NHTHITiOW.—Ttie. Patine are reapret illt.
arriventol. flair the- PJ3TPTI AN TOMR will CL PINE
on ft ITUADAY..the Went whole "f that
Got-
ktaiee te,to be delivered to the swine Perelman tblte-1
di ately Mtn. •

_,
'Ph NS OF WFOCILS. Al ONE OTTACIit. T on adtir•
Nook Weds 111101 t hens Steck.
Sr
et. lei. easels .. 45.. pm
New Ott flit •.. Neeth Steck.:
per Celt. 'Newts Nee Old Ace .
4 perEmeis... Silti.tiutteli di.. psr.
New ram.
pore4eit.l7oT -411111. per Is.4is. Is.
teegAse 401 346 ; esti Ss. as. p..
Imp. sp, et ....... Coo. forActe ski
rite,•4i nr f wnt Lett. Tickets 211. les

Vte Sbtattoman.

It Tirs'ltltlTlSil IriATILIVAN" IS inrcmirolures wars Tin
1T ~TtflllN.~ ' " *

LONDON.:*
tiewm SVINING. JANA 17,. 18!!.

.• KTOCK EXCHANGE, rWELVE O'CLOCK.
The inatitct remains in the same stagnated state u
' kat week. Coosals are steady at SOit for the opealai.
. .
ilerlaced. 79*
• POIIIIIGX
Although the accounts from Spain 'art of a
dark contplezion. Spanish securities maintain their
- prices; hut had it not been for the ratification
of the Spanish loan, they -would bare lowered.
Chili stock also maintains its price. For Rassiso

(per) no demand ; aU other foreign securities
op to this hour remain in price as per last week.—
A• great,quaNity of Spanish Bonds were bought last
week to be delivered to-marrow. .in consequence of
Which some fluctuation in the above stack is expected
to take place.
t -
The Panis papers to the 150 hest. bring accounts,
from Spain of a commotion among the Artillery-Ines
. at Valencia, which though suppressed. caused much agi•
tition in the Cortes. The Ministers were sent fur to
' • igireparticolse Information owl the subject, and on the
stare of the diplomatic relatio,ns between the Spanish
'and *Front lo Cabinets. With respect r. 4be latter the
Minister of Foreign Affairs did not besitati to charge
the Freud' Governor with bailor count/owed the io•
st*retionary proceedings in. the Peninsula, sod stated
that in consequence of eneegetic complaints having
been mode relative to the Spanish Refugees. mom
glint lad been mislead fientrfaris on she 23d nikaa-
aeunctog that orders had been given to Emilie real-
41eouse of those Refoc*s in Departments-fse removed'
f;am the. frontiers of Spaineo—On the 7lb lost- the
Cortes legalised and curofirmeti the loan contracted for
by le house of Hardonin. •
Fasercor FLED,. JUNE 14.—Five per trite. opened
es 914. 85e., rose to 92f. sad closed at 91f. 80e. I Bank
Ardente; 1,63411. ; Nespolitm Stork, P.—Exclave
on Ignition—one month, ?X 40e.; three tomtit's
231 *29e,,
• • • 'PROCEEDINGS IN, PARLIMBENT.
• Wit'fer want of rooms, omitted, on Saturday, to
sonnet:Mt parsed in the Login, on Friday, and also
whist passed in the Commons, after the Kentish Pea•
liop..io. been received and ordered to 'reprinted. But,
befog, wi proceed to these subjects, we moot offer i
reo44llw.wit. on what wassaid on the Petition by Mr.
, J. MaatlN.'Who 'is, we believe, the son of Old Mr.
• Mimi, SAo waS in the place so many years, and who
wan a banker of Teockesbury. This Mr. J. DIAIIITIN
wished the lionseto reject the Petition altogether, or,
if they did not do that, not to separate without coming
to a•specific RESOLUTION, never to reduce the in-
terest of Me Debt! The house knew better! The
Ministers knew better then attempt either. If they
had done the first, they knew that there would be
enotkeieolinty meeting in Kent, leaving our, not the
additional Ounce, but a sentence, or some words, in
• the body of the petition, which alleged, that the
mtney was expended in obtaining a corrupt injluenee
in Me House, anti which might hate been made a
ground aad which was the only possible ground, foi
rejecting this petition. If they had done the served
they would only have reminded 'people of their having
once solemnly resolved, that a one pounder and a shil-
ling. were equal in value to a guinea in *coin and were
so demised by tire public; and, of their having, in
shout a •mooth afterwards., passed os lea to compel
landlords to take paper in payment of rent instead
of the gold that they had contracted fur, and
to punish people for giving more a sue

. .
• pounder and a shilling for a guinea". The resole-
lion, so sighed for by Mr, J. arm would,
in fact, only have .tended to convince people, that the
game teas hp.' The Min' knew better than to at-
tempt either of these expedients ; and, therefore, they
prudently swallowed the charge about public money
etpended in corrupting Me House, tithing which even
the •Itadicals darer said to them is such plain len-
guage.—Being upon -this subject, we will notice a
little stupid vapouring-in a paper, calling itself the
`Trarclfer, and that others call the Tramper. 'tines
. -odd enough, that this paper. Which is the main instru-
ment in the hands of the Westminster Ramp, should.
run counter, in. this way, to Sir PIRANCIS BUIDETT
• but, in the first place, be is now is the right, and the
• villainous Rump is always in the wrong. Is thy next
place, the Tramper inbound up Is a sort of partnership
• with co/maws-stuck Societies in London. It is, in
aloft, a trading cotter's of Jews and Jobbers.—The
Tramper asserts that then is no necessity fora reduc-
tion of the interest pi the debt; that there are five
Misdeal thousand persona interested in preventing it;
that they an sere auseroas this the perms Wes-

,ailied is dig land. These are strange veer' isfas lad .
the IVentpersays that fifteen lIMHO'S Blair of h•
taxi rattrht he taken off oitAorte •frogehiNicitit ffeblio
tieediter. Hs. forgets, perhaps. that. inelieding ez,
Pane. of collection and management tad *hiking fund
(whit} is 40 much given to the loudhailers every"
yeas) tie 1 cost, of the debt is finite forty,
?UNDO*, if not a little more. Si that the Tram-
per would dishasd both army end ; and
would leave the tares to be collected rialtos:

da (linty! Parbapt • he 'would think thee the yea
injury and militia would continue for ever to be
ready to assist the tax•gatherer to make earth other
.give half their incomes and half their Wages sto tke
fundholders. Oh Mt: the forty miilions a year never
Can be collected without laying out ,the other
fifteen! The fifteen are absolutely nec sss Isy to the
forty, and it ie the forty and nothing else, that riquires
the fifteen. lot this be borne in mind ; and let Rumps
and Whigs and all whom it may concern take Ws.
along with them ; that it is beastly imbuese to be
barking about the standing army io " fifties/pence r"
as long as the debt exists in its present amount— It is,
standing army in time If debt ; and that is what it is,
and that is idiot it must be. As", to the
five hundred thousand Ferries interested in Maintain-
ing payment of three for one, where aye they? How
comes it that not a man of them was 'found at this
great meeting in Kent? If there, what port of spirit
meat they bare ? Sat, what gross stapHite Sup-
posing the five hundred thousand person" exist,
what ate they, compared with thosnloterettig4ll,lo
land! What ! all the landowner', all thatistrilorkill

the lahonrers, all the tradesmen *very
and near London. all the artisans and
In short, the sehole nation, with the exception of Jews
and Jobbers ; and all these,.he says.amleasinneerticr
than the landholders. He certainly —exploit that
the Yeomanry and Militia will be •on the side
of the fondholders ; • and this is to eery aenreel a con-
clusion. that we shall leave it where it i.; but, as tn '
Lis talking about the robbery of friendly societies and
savings banks for the " sake of Dukes and Bishops,"
he must not expect to gull us in this way. The re-
formers of 1817 knew very well what they were-about-
They sere chiefly of the class of operative lewsanfac-;
turns. They petitioned to be protected against!'thel
Debt called National ;" and well they
_might; foe
they knew that the taxes took away one-half of their
wages, and that four-fifths of that half were occasioned
by the debt. But who proposes any such thing as a
robbery of benefit societies and saving banks ? Tbs
people of Kent, pray for a just reduction of the debt
and though Lord Jon° RIASELL cannot discover Shill
there eau be a just redaction of the debt, he will be
taught what it ie in the copra' of a year; apd In the
mean time we can tell the Tramper that it Would be
unjust to take from benefit societies and taring banks
that which they have deposited from deep•laid dele-
tion or from compulsion. No : no matt has ever
dreamt of
.such a thing. A just reduction means, as
Mr. Monet pointed out, a diserieriteatiag reduction.
In means thatalte Jews and Jobbers should not have
;three for wee ;. and in putting in esti 4° .Nei
attune injustice, the common labourer is as die
'Wrested ea the first lord is the land ; nay. he It Yore
deeply interested in it; for he suffers bodily from this
iitolerable load of taxes, aid the lord does not. The
labourer Las been pinched for years and years; helms
been debased into a pauper; reduced to a.state of ab-
ject slavery ; his days have been shortstops% by :those
• diseases which arise from. rzW:ks s Wilhiplo: the
last stage of misery is come. teen wo- hive the oa-
ten! Minh of this Hellish systee of paper-money
sod of National Debts. Hire we see what it comes
to at last. The misery and the buntings in Norfolk
and Suffolk flow from the same accursed source. In
the midst of peace with the rest of the world, n have
eternal war in our own bowels; and this war
'eau cease until this Debt be greatly reduced. Re-
form! This wretched Troniper pretends to be the
friend of Reform. Does he not know that it is this
Debt that has all along prevented Reform. Does be
sot recollect that the Debt was first established in or-
der to bind the base and selfish part of the people to
the Government, and thereby to snake it too strong,
for the rest? Has be forgotten, that, io 1817. when'
the Bill was passed to cram Reformers into dungeons,
the funds rose instantly ; and bas he forgotten that
the infamous bands of Jews and Jobbers issued a de-
claration against us, sod thanked the ministers for
having procured the passing of that Bill. In abort,
it is this accursed crew that stand between the nation
and its freedom and happiness.
In the Lords (on Friday) the Marquess of LANS•
nowt's made a motion -Web was to declare that the
House " thought the state of Ireland required the at-
" notion of Parliament, and the adoption of measures
to io;prove its conditiat and secure its trawluillity."
Lord Lir TRPOOL moved the previons question on this;
and finally Lord LANSDOWNes motion was rejected by
108 against 60. There was nothing new irt the de-
Late, and nothing very interestiog; except that Lord
LANSDOWNE, having spoken about tyikes, and deno-
minated them taxes, the LORD CHANCILLLOI observed
in answer, that the property of the church had as
good a title as that of the Noble Marquess. and that
another Noble Lord ought to remember t bot.had
no mote right to interfere With thri'prs 'retort",
Church than he, the LORDCHANCELLOR.iIa a right to in-
I infer' with his property. If this be sound doctrine, how
comest•tthatthe Parliament does so often interfere with
Church property; as,for instance.by cot:Tellies the rec-
tor to give so much a year to a curimend the like; not
to mention the total alienation ors part of the property
by Act of Parliament, under the name of lend-tax ?
To us, it appears most whimsical to consider toile.,
glebe% and church laud as any thing other as° public
property, to be disposed of as the Parliament shall
think best for the nation, whether in part payment of
the lot of the debt, or for soy other purpose.

.In the Centmons, Stu J•wes biscuit...rout bad the
very great misfortune to tteTrepared fur a line speech
oo the Alien Di:Aaiun the lively subject 'of theKeotish
Petition;` and, as would appear from Ole plaintive
commencement of the worthy lawyer's Spuds, It ap-
pears that he found himself pretty quickly stirrouaded,
in great part, at lust, by empty benches. Mr. Mutt
moved nu ajouroment of the debate, which the House
did not agree to. After which the Hill was read a se-
coed dow, the House continuing to be very this.
The Matt is, that this It a matter which does not
sash concern mei now, in time of Debt. We recoi-
-1 tee, besides, that, when a man was pas toe weeks is
