Mil MARV REWARDS.

CURACOA, JULY 15,—His Excellency the Liberator,
has given the name of Battalion of Corobodo to the
corps formerly distinguished by that of British Legion,
and appointed Wm. Davie, as commander of the same,
with the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, and. Brain as
Major. Many other British officers have the been
promoted.
Foreign Office, London, July 30,1821.
WAPIIIINGTON, OC Ir. lb.—The nridernansed•his Ma-
jesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs,
has the honor to acqnaint Mr. Rush, that the death of
Napoleon Bonaparte renders it no longer necessary to
restrain the communication of foreign vessels with the
Island of St. Helena, and that they are accordingly
now it liberty to communicate with that Island, in the
same manner and under the same regulations as applied
to their intercourse with the Island previous to the de-
tention there of Napoleon Bonaparte.

LONDONDVIRT.

(CIRCULAR)
United States frigate. Macedonia,
Valparaiso, April 20.
Ste —The Island of St. Mary's, together with the
bay and shores of Arauco being infested by people
who have committed the grossest outrages upon neutral
flags and rights, by the capture of American and
British vessels, and the forcible detention of their
masters and crew, I use this occasion to notify that
there is danger attending anchoring in either the
Roads of St. Mary, or Arauco, and in attempting to
communicate with the existing authorities there.
CHARLES RIDOELY.
To the Captains of American vessels
in the Pacific Ocean.
WASIIINOTuN, OCT. 2.—PVSLIC LANDS..—A sale of
Public Lands, in the Northern part of the. Delaware
District in Ohio. has commenced, and a large number,
of tracts was sold on the two first days, as high
as from two to six dollars per acre. Public Lands, it
will be recollected, are now sold for cash ; considering
the scarcity of which, these sales were very good.—
The Delaware Gazette states that the bidding' were
going on, and that there was reason to expect exten-
sive salsoilrons the somber et lereaterl area assembled
there from other Start-

(tXTRACT OF • LETTIR IRON NEW ORLIANit 11111‘1
TiOtpgll,4
Last month was rentitiiable for the amber of sod
accidents is and near this eity. The first blow de-
prived seven children of their father. Next causes'
a whirlwind which killed two and wounded eight
men. Lightning then followed. killing several men
Then came ties fake( a gallery, wounding six or se-
ven persons: Wwwere ii•lsopes that our misfortunes
had finished ; hat trot so. Os Friday last the boiler of
the Yitakee Steam-boat. sudslonly burst and wounded
ainnusen. some of whom ate said to bars died.

By the Brussels papers we have monis from Tyr-
, kry, through Vienna, that the. Divan does net phi*
needs filth in the friendly disposition of the lines as
Cabinet, and that it makes extraordinary efforts to
combat Russia. The Porte, it is NUL snub consider-
able reinforcements to Moldavia and Wallaehia, where
a numerous army will loses. be assembled. It is even
engaged 1* formieg eiiisiotamsy. as unmeroas as the
int. This second army will he posted first os the
Danube. Independently of these two armies, numerous
bodies of reserve are fereniag in the provinces situated
' • •

.1 n

e •

•

in the s%covi line. put. all these troops cannothe,
pared to• the si•orst 'European soldiers. They att;
disciplined hordes from the Asiatic provineeedstl
hie of resisting. an European corps of
tol
-trength. The article adds that in the enure,
month of September there have been many pert",
rested in the lonian islands. The Akremeiae2eiti
contains an article from Odessa, which statestheli
report that had been previously announced of the al
of the Russian troops, in the neighbourhood 01%
is not confirmed.

We find, in the same paper, an article from
of Oct. 22, in which it is said that the Firma' 0(
Snitan, which has been published in the neigh
Turkish provinces, is entirely conformable to
published in the month of April and that, M
is but a copy of it. The armament is stated is
it
be only against the Greek Insurgents, anil notbieti
said in it of other nations, though the contrary ,r2;l
first reported.—But the Turkish Corn menden alit
grave openly declare that they , will begin yell*
the Russians.

~'

4111

The King of the Netherlands, it appesn, des
ercised his clemency towards Mr. Leman, who
condemned to a year's imprisonment by the Coup
Assize of South Brabant, for haring assisted (as ,
later) in editing the Flambeau. He bad petitiola
his Majesty, and has been restored to liberty to
his family. His request is stated to have been
" in consideration of military services formerly a,
dered to the state." Another person, however, lit
posed to be arrested for some political offeenor,
conveyed an Friday last to the prison if hearty
where be.is kept in close confinement.
Accounts from Odessa give a more favourable tin
of the progress if the Greeks than we have bleu.
customed to receive from that quarter. Tile
struction of a part of the Greek fleet, in the Gelf
Lepanto, is contradicted, and the whole of that let'
said to be at anchor in the port of Kande°. lb
capture of moat of the fortresses of the Mores lisde
enabled the Hennes to collect their force by lei
and to act on the offensive against the Terhishusie
A letter from Odessa, dated the 4th ult. says
sometimes have accounts from Greece. The siege
the fortresses are carried on but slowly. The bah
ars not provided with artillery. Fortresses,
would surrender to an European corps in a few ha
employ our brave soldiers for whole most s,However, several places bare surrendered Ai
an obstinate defence. The Turks are amind
from their slumber ; they are passing th.fiespbsti
crowds ; they proclaim an amnesty ; bat all the
whom they meet in their route, and during &sigh,
are massacred or drowned; even the Turkish, an
children are provided with short swords, with wbici
they murder the children of the Greeks. Them
ties of the Turks have never entirely ceased ; bet ,
have bees renewed with increased violence since alp
hensions hare been again excited eta way *kit
and the Sultan has caused the toed,: for i penal
jag to be pat in execution." A Paris artideuma
that troops daily march from Constantinople; nes
think they are destined for the Mores; others*
they are directed upon the Danube ; every elm a
made to keep their real destination a secret.

ba
ad

th
in
ts

Se

• bi

it
tl

r
el

• A

• :411

• • h
,

.a

C

• r
1

I
1

l
` l

..,~

l
5,41
: /41

• .41i

The fetal fever in Spain, appears to have Omni
Puerto Marla and Cadiz, but at Barcelona its Miss
has nut decreased. In the Paris papers I kite
quoted horn Dr. Pariset, one of the French Physic's'
at Barcelona, in which be speaks indeed of ulnas
ante of amelioration in the sanitary state dam's!,
bat ascribing it to no other causes than the rentril,
ready made by the malady, and the disappearseceds
part of the population. The number of deaths Isis
tlevoted city, from Oct. 20, to the 24th inclasheos
224, and of new cases, 273. A letter Imo is
neighbourhood, dated Oct. 22, says, there most Its
greater proof of the great injuries caused to seeiro
religious fanaticism than what is now passingstlr
celona. The contagion makes dreadful ravage, oi
the physicians, who do not succeed with the owe st
cure, wish at least that measures of preservation ding
be adopted. The Authorities agrceing with thus
those ideas, besides establishing convenient
in healthy spots in the country, where the
might find an asylum from the death which is diet
inevitable in. the city, had requested the cletlf
avoid all meetings of a number of persons, which are
on many accounts so well calculated to propsyn
eM
contagion. Yet little bas been done ; the Huai%
like the barbarous Africans, eonsideringallattmea
avoid a public calamity of this kind as an ohm
the Divinity, remain in their houses, daily iillot
ing the number of victims; the ecclesiastical toll'''
rities, wits a kind of apathy which is merfa!
only with the most profound ignorance. roil 'll
service in the churches to be attended sew etel
greater numbers than formerly, and the wands* t!
pray 'to Uod to deliver them from evil& trbieb tbegt
own Ministers bring on them; and as the Presides
of the Municipal Junta judicially observes, 1a 114'7.:
eellent proclamation of the 21st instals. " 0Y a
idea of religion they expose their dock to satire er
struction.
Accounts from Rome inform us of the espectol at'
rival there of the Count de Saint Lem ei-deeaht
of Holland, and Jerome Bonaparte. Esilag of West'
pitalia. It is also again affirmed that Wag Victor
Emmanuel of Sardinia will fix his resit's*" at 1111116
and that the Prince of Carignano also prop 's"
__, Ntrie
there with his family. The ci-decent otttlirs ef
Europeop* a thus becoming the asylum of o'deflal_,
Kings.

The Ministerial changes we have alael°9ll
about to take place, begin, at length, to obtaie ane
don. A speculation of some kind or ether is *dig
a depression in the money market, sad the rt.
who are not in the secret, ate speculating as to dig
canoe. It is net considered as arising frets toy Jo
hension of war, for the prevalent opinion is the cil;
The New Times says, is certainly is favour of race'
" More attention," says this oracle, " semsa I's"
bees directed on 'Change to the probability at 57'
CASXI3I4.II ItaSaaatag sort in the Cabinet, thee t'

i
'.

ch.. .1 ..

at
c.
,r it

rrf .

that of the Russian army's crossing the Prat's." Due
caution is, however, observed by the writer In re-
ference to the inclination of the Right Honourable
Gentleman, or of his late Colle Tue. in this respect.
it would not be becoming, while the arrangements
were unfinished, for a ministerial print to presume to
refold too much ; but the sentence we have quoted
is jest such an intiuiation u we hinted yester-
day might soon be made, and is quite 'sufficient
to skew that the negociations are expected to
have a favourable termination. All that this courtly
advocate can venture to Sly on the subject is, that the
mints and oratory of Mr. Comma would render him
an accession to the Administration. Very probably
they would; for never was an Administrator so glar-
ingly ungifted. Since the last Whig Ministry was
taunted by the application of " the Talents," the pre-
sent Ministry have taken special care to avoid occa-
sion for the like reproach. Except the Marquess
of Gounostnsauy, whose oratory appears indebted
more to powers of face than to powers of mind,
tiler* is not a Member of the Administration in
the House of Commons that can venture on
what can be termed a speech. Mr. CAsistsio's
elegance may be therefore very acceptable to his
former colleagues; but whether his ptesence in
the Cabinet would be equally acceptable in every
quarter is a point to us extremely doubtful. The oc-
casion of his late retirement, with all the circumstances
connected with the case, cannot be easily forgotten,
nor remembered by every onewith compl &nosey. But if
he is wanted, he may, after all be allowed to pass.—
King aad Courtiers are often compelled to make very
mortifying submissions.—Neceuity has no law.

We have constantly anticipated every good politica'
change which has taken place within the last three
months in the old as well as the new world. As to the
. latter we boldly and unequivocally stated the par-
ticulars now confirmed by the last American papers,
namely, the Victory, instead of the defeat, of ST.
MARTIN before Lima. The ultimate success of the
other Ultra Spanish Provinces and the independence
of the Brazils. The conduct of &MON BOLIVAR, the
President of the Southern Independent Army of
Liberators needs no comment, our prophecies were
grounded upon the certainty of menbreaking the chains
of slavery when their grievances become insupportable.
When the spirit of liberty animates the soldiers of the
South, as it has done those of the Northern States of
, • Columbia, the unremitting activity of Admirals COCIH+
itANc and Bator; were sufficient to guarantee a happy
.• termination to the South American contest. It was a
• struggle of Liberty against the Inquisition, of Pa.
triotism against Rapine and Slavish Oppressors. Let
L the European Despots contemplate the great B?,twa
drawing from a Receiver General a einall portion of
his pay, and firing up the rest with all claims of
'seize-money, or otherwise, to the support of his
country. This is a noble example, not likely to be
followed in Europe. la the new world there will be
•no Despotism—no doctrines about divine right
and passive obedience—Liberty is extending over
the immense continent of America, as well as
the great island of Saint Domingo. The black
subjects of the black Kino are incorporated with
their brethren of all colours, under the President
• BOTES, all engaged in forming roles and regulations
establish their commerce, upon the broad principles
•. of right ; and Cuba, the last hold of Spanish thral-
. dam, is likely to follow the example of its neighbours.
la the Bruns, the people are uniting, to throw off
the dominion of Portugal. Pernambuco has ennui•
dered to the Indepindents ; Rio de Janeiro will. in all
likelihood, shortly follow, and happy would it
bare been for both countries, had this taken
• place Jong since, what then nigh be done with
• a good grace, will now be effected by force,
While Europe looks tamely on the sufferings of the
Greeks, under Mahomedan dominion. America sympa-
thises in their miseries, and are raising subscriptions
• to area these braves men in defence of liberty; nothing
nabs more horrific than to hear of butcheries of the
Weeks; hy the enfuriated and sanguinary Massulinaas,
while those States, that call themselves ebristians are
coolly calculating upon the profit or loss, that may
accrue to themselves from a continuance of murder.—
Oreeien freedom is as dangerous to European tyranny.
as Turkish barbarity is to the chriatian faith. Thus
the Greeks are left to their own skill and bravery to
establish their independence.

sr.
King
Kest•
'ictor
Wine.
settle
lii of
Mot

rl 0
Met
ctisof
IMO
) the
Bow

cit
• I
peso.
Nye
f Mr.
es gl•

a I

Did we suppose that any interference with the
Casticescoa of the Escnsouss on the system of
• Fielihee, could lead to a reduction of the heavy bur-
then. under which the people bend, we should cheer.
!idly lend our aid ; but there is little probability of
making a silk-purse of a sow's ear. This gentleman
; ire been brought up in a bad school, and has
elm talent to strike out any new plan of amendment.
lie might have done for a Cabinet-maker, instead
of a Cabinet Minister. He has held his place
by making badworse, or by borrowing to pay the in-
brut; while at the same time he added to the piaci.
pal debt. At the conclusion of the war, be and his
colleagues sent the navy adrift, and continued to re-
cruit the army. They added to the bonbons of the
country instead of effectually lessening them. The
Coss of trade was not foreseen, or any thing done to
prevent it. The digging of boleti and then filling
them up again was the measure recommended
so employ the people, instead of lowering the
sum upon the necessaries of life. Our mann-
facturen is consequince becameusable to cope with
