r

k
~i

SCOTTISH HOSPITAL.
-•-.6e....--

FOR THE ST.9TESMAN.
In romuson with a gre.it many of my countrymen, I
have always regarded the people of England with feel-
ings of liendship which I could nut entertain fur the
usher nations of Europe. The similarity of customs.
the identity of tam/nage, and a common ancestry,
,siost 'tare an inflame on oar feelings, although sir-
esuncances have separated us, and our law holds the
English like the other nations of the world, " Enemies
in war, in peace friends."
It is fur the English Statesman to judge of the po-
Vary of cultivating the friendship of the tuericans,
beyond the cold and ted amity a lrentiett and
if they should think friendship of a young and
rising nation vilua •ght at least expect that
they would refrain f the outrage of pronouncing
as" beneath the least and lowest of European natious."•
'I his kind of abase has been so c in the pages
of the two Journals which are acknowledged as the
high champions of the two great political parties of
thiscountry, and which beat isi %%Idiom on nu subject
hat this, that some appeal from their judgment was
loudly ralle,l for :u America.
This work has been well a xeruted by a tientletnan
sat Philadelphia, and tonhdiss a collection of facts
which must 'runtime every unprejudiced mind, that
the Americans have every characteristic of a respe.ct-
able and enlightened people. With a general diffusion
ut knowledge, they are patient of labour, and content
with their condition. They are enterprising and
heave : and although their attachment to liberty is
else most ardent anal determined, their stabusissiou tat
Car laws is so well known in Europa., that La rite
aately declared in the French l hamber of Deputies,'
ti.at no one would guarantee the tramps:ility sal any
ei!y i t Ent ope at so low a premium as he would that
of New York or Philadelphia.
1 he must vulnerable point in the Anlarie.,n Awn--

ter is the apparent incm.sistency of a free people hold-
ing slaves. This has been treated by Pr. Walsh in a
candid and able manner, and the reapers of the work
will see on what nation the burthen of blame must
rest.--if, however, an Englishman entertains the idea
that the term slavery is expressive of the same state in
Virginia, and in Jamaica, he is in this, as in most of
his opinions of America, vastly mistaken. Slavery
in the American States valve it is tolerated, is not
more debasing or comfortless than the state of a peat
proportion of the labouring people in Europe. The
slave is under the protection of the laws, and the roas-
ter is bound to support him as the price of his serf i-
tude. Still the idea of slavery is odious, and particu-
!Arty so to the Americans, who, by the s. vere laws
*hick they have enacted to put a stop to the sl,nu
trade, have furnished a proof that they are uot be-
hind other nations is sacrificing their interests to
their principles.
Were the American institutions, and the spirit and
rharwl,r of the American people more known in this
(pantry, I am coetticlent that we should he noire highly
esteemed, than soy European nation, by the British
people generally. But when such a man as Fearom is
made a credible witness against its, have we nut a
right to appeal from the tribunal which on such evi-
dence resident's. us.
Wer one 1 have always bsisn surprised that the
Eifinhergh Reviewers—the vehement advocates of a
limited prerogative Imedie efowm-41. Executive (if
these are convertible terms), of a more ge..eral repre-
sentation of the people, and of an economical admi-
nistration of the finance., should have suffered their
gall to overpower their judgment, whenever their at-
tAition is called to America. One might rather hare
expected something like partiality for the action
which has embodied many of the great principles,
welch these Reviewers advocate in her system of tio-
verunient, and has demonstrated to the world, by actual
experiment, that these principles are as sound iu prac-
tice as they are elegant in theory. How is Mr. J. to
'Amer this to posterity ?
AN AMERICAN. 1
• Edinburgh Review.
1

The Annual Spring Festival of this excellent insti-
talon was celebrated at the Freemasons' farern on
Saturday, when his Royal Highness the Duke of Cla-
rence, President, took the Chair, supported en his right
band by Prince Leopold of Sale-Coboarg, and on his
left by the Duke of Athol.
After the cloth had been removed, and Now notis
Domaine sung in an impressive style by Messrs. Taylor,
Pine, Evans, &c. the health of the King, the Royal
Family, the Duke of York and the Army, were succes-
sively given, and drank with applause.
l'he Royal CIAIVIIIAM neat proposed the health of
".Prince Leopold."
who returned thanks in a specch,which he delivered in
a very distinct and impressive manner.
The Duke of kill° L then gore the health of their
Royal President, to whose patronage the Institution
wow so much indebted, and under whose auspices he
trusted it would long continue to nourish.
The CIAtIMAN returned thanks, and observed, that,
as long as he continued to preside over the Institution
l.' would exert all his influence to promote its pros-1

verity.
Prince Lcorotzt gave the health of the Illustrious
(' msort of the Ito's' President.
dong—" Oh, Love Is like the red, red rose."
The Royal Unarms API then gave," 1 be British Fair,"
iatroducing the.toast with an appropriate compliment
the assemblage of beautiful and elegant females who
graced the galleries of the Hall.
Oise —" Here's a health to all good lasses."
The Lead o' Cakes" was seat glues. Air—" Auld long
&Pt"
Many other appropriate toasts and songs followed.
la the course of the evening a Scotch piper, habited
io the fall costume* of the Highlands, exeented a ra-
vish, of nattoaal airs upon the bag-pipes. The utmost
hapaoay end conviviality prevailed, and the Royal
rgusidest did met IC the Chair till a late hour.
• Ow Friday evening last, a public meeting was held
at the Union Rooms, George Leighetceet, to take into
canaideration the best means, of establishing a Perm-
pop Food for the relief of all persons suffering
• fur their exertions to promote the cause of
fora, aad for the wistaria of all those under pro-
secution on a similar account.—(Manniesterobentrer)

TIIE STA;

•ST. PATRICK'S CHARITI.

The celebration of the Anniversary of this Chimer
took plareon !4itirday lest, Mr. Canning iu the Clair.
:t was numerously attended. Tim Duke of Welling-
, tei•l at on the right of the Chairman, and the Mar-
' guts of I►own.hirc Was on his left. There were also
at the head table, the llartjuisses of Headfort and
ottyngliana, Ole Earls of Darnley, and Blesington,
Louis W. Fitzgerald and A. llill, Sirs J. Doyle, E.
Nagh., and B. liheindield.
"the first toast was, " The early, the most constant,
and the most bountiful friend of this Institution, the
King," which was drank with ardent and unanimous
demonstrations of respect and attachment.
" The rest of the Hoyal Family" followed, and this
was succeeded by the usual sentiments of gratitude and
esteem for the army and army.
't he Com SW( then proposed " Success to the So-
ciety of St. Patrick." This toast was drank with
time Cotes three, and warmly applauded.
The titIII:NIAN next, after an eulogium on the vir-
tams of the late Duke of Kent, proposed " The Memory
of the Duke of Kent," which was drank in solemn
silence.

i he I 11AtuAt.1 V then informed the meeting., that the
ling itati hw•en graciously pleased to slaw himself as
Patron of this I ttsti t ution, to supply the place of his de-
parted brother.--irhis annottucement was rreeived
with I i and universal plaudits, which continued for
sure time.]

Earl ItaisNLl:v congratulated the Society upon the
Co mb ou,aic.ttion %V hielt they had just beard. As an old
friend to this charity, to which, throu h evil and good,
hr Irnl atsea, rendered all the attention in Isis sows
as an Irishman, be felt peculiarly prowl of the patro-
nage with which his 3lisjesty had been graciously
pleased to hon,ur it. Ile pioposed that the •Nociety
should ou this occasion drink hip Majesty's health,
taut as their King, but as their Patron.--(Applause.)
—The Noblo Loral also proposed that the Caairman,
and his Colleague, the gallant Duke of Wellintron,
should be requested to communicate to the King the
narmest expression of the thanks of that Society for
the honour teli:elt his Majesty had beets graciously
ple,e.l to emit' r upon it. These propositions were
agreed to wit., aci lasioations of applause.
The CHAIRMAN. Oiler o'3(re:43lllg his readiness to
comply with the desire of the meeting, by communi-
cating its thanks to his Alajesty, stated, that there
were Iten.list,iias hum that Socie-
ty had long be ii in the habit of toasting in their ab-
s. oce. One of those distinguished individuals at as
the ain the en sure %Very he absent, he O 1 r. U.) would
Is e spoken of hint most fully ;is he felt, but even in
lois pre-4/11...., he could but forbear front oifering to this
trey 1411,111.11141 U. individual the humble tribute of hie
u am i
..rohation, not because he felt that distingnish-
ell MAU had mainly contributed to exiilt the military
fame of his country, and to re-establish the liberties
of Europe, becatioe i.e could nevi r erase to remember
that the gallant tsar iiir furived a Briti.h artuy, cooped
up in a remote ptartrr of Europe, u hid' he routs imed4
nut merely t nuar from its tunlitirtitent, but by hy
sktil and valour, to lead through a surer's
sten of brilliant victories, until hr Auallylei
in planting the standard of England upon *err
Paris.—(Loud applause.)--The Hight llon.Gentletuan
concluded with proposing the health of "The Duke
of Wellington," which was drank with universal and
itaciptivocal trs.imonics of esteem and admiration.
The Duke of 11.xtuxutrox said, that he had had
the satisfaction to learn, that for some years Lis saute
hail thr honour to be toasted by that Society, and fur
such repeated marks of esteem, as well as for the %cry
flattering manner in which his health had just been
drank, he begged, in his us n name, and that of his
gallant comrades, to return the most cordial thanks.—
(Applause.)
la proposing the other distinguished individual,
whom the Society was in the habit of toasting, namely,
the Marquis of Ilastinzs, the mention of whrsigas
hailed with the most ardent plaudits, the CH RM•N.
took occasion to pronounce an eloquent euloghtni upon
the character of that universally popular Nobleman,
in the course of which he was repeatedly interrupted
by the applause of the Soch•ty. If ever there were a
generous Irishman, Mr. C. observed, that Hord Hast-
ings was truly oils'. tlenorous to others, careless of
himself—gallant in war, refined in peace—that No-
bleman presented a striking combination of all the
lofty and all the kind qualities that distinguished the
Irish character.—(Applause.)—The health of Lord
Hastings was drank with three times three, and great
applause.
Sir J. Dovt.a, as the old friend of the Noble Lord
whose health had just been drank with such diet's.,
guisheil applause, expressed his satisfaction to find the
Society so truly grateful to one of its best beoefactora,
The health of the Marchionesses of Hastings sit'
Downshite, and the other Female Frivads of the Ses
clay haviug been drank, Lord Dowashire retuned
thanks in a very neat speech. '
The CHAIRMAN proposed that the Dalipof
ton should become Chairman for the nest Meeting.,
and this prop.osition, to which the Hake promply not
ceded, was hailed by the plaudits of the lel* Meeting.
The children passed in the usual prone:lstep through
the room. They appeared to us, including ails aid
female, to amount to about OW, all of Waft labia
healthy, and WPM very decently clad.
The sehscriptions were announced to SIMILDt to
1,3801. which is the largest collection we remember to
have taken place at this or any other Charitable Insti-
tution.—The Chairman did not retire until after
twelve o'clock, and the company dispersed souu after.

00 Saturday the heavy baggage of the 10th hus-
sars was embarked at Leith for Loadoa.

On Monday afternoon, two troops of tie 7111 dragoon
guards, under the command of Col. Naar. marched
into Piershill barracks from Prestos. Other two troops
are expected to arrive on the 16th Inst.

Two companies of the idd regiment isarebed into
Edinburgh on tVednesday, from Newcastle.
In addlden to the Aberdeenshire militia, tbose of
Argyllshire, Berwickshire, and Etirdershint, bare been
called out for training and exercise daring tbe year.
So serious is the depression in the price of wool,
that farmen who sold it this time last year at 241. per
pack, can now obtain 141. only.- —(2iosootos C♦rsier.)

;MA N.

LAN INTSLLIGENGS.

COURT OF OF RINOR BENCH, MAT t

THI £IN• C. MULL

Mrs. Carlile appeared this morning to plead to ano-
titer criminal information tiled against her, at the in-
stance of the Society for the Supprenion of Vice, for
publishing another libel, containing doctrines of Paine'.
e of Reason.
Mr. Lts.ti.Tuv read over the information, to which
the defendant pleaded—Not Unilty.
Mr. I)Esi.rov.—" Take notice then, that you will
be tried upon this information at the Sittings in (Arad-
ball, to be held for the 1 ity of London, after the next
Term."—The defendant then retired.

Al one o'clock the CotEr JUSTICI held his Third
Sittings at Nisi Prius.

BAR:YEA V. PrTTIGAL.

This was an action brought to recover a sum for
board and necessaries tarnished to the defendant's
wife. A tender of 71. 14s. had been made by the de-
fendant, which, it was contended, fully covered the
plaintiff's legal demand : as it was admitted, on the
part of the plaintiff, that for certain articles furnished,
amounting to 3/. ss. he was not entitled to recover ;
and the remaining part of the present demand, and the
only part left uncovered by the tender, was for money
lent, which, by law, the plaintiff could nut recover.
Mr. Mantivarr, for the plaintiff; contended, how-
ever, that the defendant's tender was made to cover the
money lent, and that the balance remaining was for
board anti necessaries. lie called witnesses to prove
that at the time Mrs. Pettigal went to board at the
plaintiff's, she was destitute of almost every descrip-
tion of necessary apparel, anti that Mr. Barnes supplied
her with them ; anti that the money so expended was
that which constitu:ed the demand fur money lent.
Mr. SCARLET I, for the defendant, however, called
witnesses to prove that, in consequence of domestic
differences, and the expensive habits of Mrs. Pettigal,
she had separated from her husband, and went to board
at the plaintiff's, who agreed to take her at the rate of
451. per annum. She had besides 201. a year to find
herself in other necessaries. At the time Mrs. Petti-
gal was pl re I at the plaintiff's, the defendant dis.
tinerly stated, that he nould he answerable for no-
thing hpyonti the 4:4. for l‘mard ; the 201. would be
paid to her by the defendant's banker ; he would not
be answerable fur one lent ; and he also de-
sired those tradesmen who suiplied hiw not to let her
have any article without looney. The defendant had
frequently sent her clothes, which she invariably made
away with.
The Came JCATII E observed, there could be no
pretence fur keepit.g up this case. After the prohibi-
tion, the husband ;'45 not liable to pay motley which
Mrs. liarn-s tniOtt chenne to ativanre for her : if such
was nut the law, no man would be sate from ruin.
The Jury, miller 1.11 Lordship's directions, found
their verdict for the defendant.
