STATE LOTT

tWEFT and Co: respeefftifif inform the Pahlic,
that they have catilriiileti with Government for tlte'ehooing
STATE LOTTERY, which will h•gia drawine on the 14in
lot .1A ‘UAFt Y. It consists of 12,000 Tickets, and 'the Scheme
coolants—
-2 of xeo,P00.
. 2 10,t411i
2
2 .
4,000
4
, „ 6

7
.
8
.0 4. 1 •
16
2)
13J.1 ..
al S Finvt;elrawn Illasik, Vint ? K
. Z " DuN, 1434 vuli. . S
$OOl F1;0-•!en% a Rlnnk. See oil ?. • figin
x
Day, 10t. rack. -! S .71"`r

fieteit.

•.eitt;atio

Tn the Lottery which filiiidiett drawing the llth of this Month
(%..veniber). Nit.'2.4roD, .1 prize of:410.,(1113, Und No. 5.727,:t
4,10121.44 .4:Za), nen both sold iiil4lSltured at Swift. aud 64,.!•
001twi."-
. No. 11. Poultry I I Not.'.lll.llldEnte Hight?
' t.':harinarier".9l .1 . • .... 3teeri.

•
ASt MMO-NS ' attil Cd, ii9tOec'tfilly liege:tint the
• -
Nobility and Yoblic ingeneral, that a savbig from 4e I
lo sit per cent. in tbe.priee of CLOTHES, by applying at tho
TAY LOWS MUMS Y orvLets, 125, -New Hood-
street ; No. 4Am' 41, strund, peat cluirikg cross.
Sul joined ha Sieteb of the Heady Mom-y PRICES :
t3e.4 Forperfina,Ceeet . '• .5.2 ti tu.44 4 .01
Ditto Superfine. sr Super Great Coati 310 ~ 5 5 9 1
Lodirs' Ita!lhi .. ; . 6 0 to 616 5
roteort or Marseilles Wabtroalt . 016 to 010 • ,
rine White Dirt... Oren Ditto • 018 to 1 1 0,
Rich Math Silk Ditto : •.. 1 ti to 110 0 1
WorbtettStocki iig Pib 111 i iti inns 1 § to 110 0
Ditto 8-Thread, very stout . . 118 to 9 5 0
Cloth Pantaloons . • • 111 to 9 2 0
It ersevoiere Ditto • 2 40 9 a 0
8 rreehes . . ... 1 6 ha 118 11
Prime Leather Ditto 2 12 so 3. 3 .0
Ltiratr.s.
MOM Jacket nod ignietetintottici Cord Breeches . sls .4
500 of Livery ,E 3 0 to 5 10 Niirtinit Coat 3 oin S 16,
Mehl Brit Coat. 515t0 6 .101 Overnlis . 1 2iol 16
Terms .4 Coetract by the Year, oh es:ashler:atop of reta
their Ma ones s
3 gaits per Year AK ill (b Suits per Year 416'10
4 Dino . fi 01 6 Nino • SO IQ
On the borne priori le. Ihr Coati only
3 Coats per Year ae 10'10 b Coats tier Year .116 0
4 Oitto 13 10 o Ditto • - 19 9
gentlemen ttleir .stituittive going
abroad, ow, • - Mir/LI!. " ,Clriet
Ladies' ly
mode in ;
Ti. e:
ll* been pat.,
they trill
hooves:

_
meo; _
pUITIMOC
pned by oudisg

.

, •:.
' • *a.

~:
•~.

rviitc9ii.piAl4 pi...GLIAA,Dii 'highly 1
I 111 eldterned in the East and Weit.llndies. for uustrishiug miff ,
Invigorating the Nervous System, and sitting as a general Resea-
-1 'wive in debilitated Comokutions, arising Irma Bilious Coin-
! pinion tinatrairted iu hot climates. The asld and tremulous
serves are wdruied and steadied ; the relaxed fibres. or soft
flabby flesh, rendered fine ; the monies invigorated t and 'the
emaciated limbs Covered with firm flesh; and the exhausted id-
sets replenished.
Seek as have etc care and education of females. the studious
as well as thriedentary port of the commonity; anted never be
without the Cordial Baba of__ -Gilead. rebels [Meals in-
the bend, invigorates rbeatine, haprovesibre memory, sued es-
litter she inlagleasima t revives stag esbilirateo the Languid
Ins ')'lei's, pronwiteirdigestion, and Mama the nerves.
Time M.dleittr i5;.161 jut Dottles, prba lin. mach roe live is
age Family Buttte, for 3jr. by which the graltiser saves Oa*
Dottie, by sell the Mettsclue Veittlers its the 'United Cob-
; dom.
To prevent Conate- rfells. observe parOralatl7.•thoi the words
; 44 Stool. Solomon,' Liyerpastf," 'reppsv .*Ns.l.lse 'tamp.
I to As Dr. Solomatit's graeike is atm woe sp at /Intl
; extensive. Nat his eassilmel-demagemenfitiestoire*• tele
10 081160 (4. hk I* capital. wawa rialkated
say leiter, tie agent estalliriert of 0.134e-PLsotal Nom to he in-
closed. nod slimeal, Alt stifertc .be • MilailllMed*:-..;"" Moot.)
Letter, Dr. 6•1111110111 Gilead Horse, soar Liverpool. !'aid
doable paw."

glitt '4"%.

w

-• Ifts,,M,ajesty node nut on horseback this morning.
He visited the street of Tournen, the new works at
the •Lunembourg, and the ancient gardens of the
Chartreuse, and the new wine-market., He was at.
tendell .by General Count Catfarelli, Baron Mix-
gregity, a page, and Chevalier Fontaiue, his archi-
tect, who showed him the several works.
. Ills Majesty was, much pleased with ,those in the
wine-matket, and conversed a long time with the
persons who deal in the article for which this useful
establishmeut it destined. His Majesty returned by
the Archbishop's Palace, the Flower-market, and
the Quays, in the midst of a crowd of people,
whose acclamations testified their joy at seeing hie
majesty.
...For nearly a. month. the enemy has been upon cur
Contiers without daring to pass them • the imposing
attitude of '3er-invincible phalanxes, the devotion and
ardour of all the male inhabitants contained in our
provinces of the Rhine, has been sufficient to 'restrain
their audacityand dissipate their foolish hopes: But
bite danger is ikot vassed.• • This generous movement
must be communicated to all parts of France; the
fire of paVelistism-mast animate all noels. When Thai
theatre of war was still far from our country. When
the cannon thundered only on a foreign land, we
might quletly contemplate those terrible sports pf
Mary.; we might fall ourselves in a. pleasing
security. But now it is no longer time to slumber,
we must no longer teltOie must act, we must slow
ourselves worthy of 'those memerablb and difficult
periods when the liberty of France was in dentin...
When the enemy was posted twouty,-years ago In
the plainsef Champaign, and threatened us with
rpontanendiageO
destruction,
sitriction, all France, indignant, arose
and the enemy retired precipitately
Ito his frontier's; and far whom was this moventeht
! made,' What had *e' to hope for on returning,to
our homes? Anarchy, and all its disorders awaited
us. Yet France preferred, honour to every danger.
She chose rather to fall into the chains of her domes.
• tie tyrants than iato those of strangers. She sulsinitted
to the fory.efainevehy4nther than to the shame of
servitude ; and now that all parts of the social order
are refeeptituted, now that the enemy can hring us
only slavery and anarchy, shalt we not fly to the
eenshet I Shall ,we not,baredy to make the greatest
Sacrifices ? Who can safer himself tote seduced 117
insidious promises, by vain and fallacious Procialna"
liens ? The enemy boots the distil/int) of _hit an.
_
_
mies, and ' -
rested ness:

4).12 /W.
discipline,
Cartsinl
ties) of

gag

4
1

r

$
I

13 1V jca .•.tir. . - 13 u
emen on joining Weir stitoktive realmeits,- or- &log
eq uip', as ardestsA by K, jl. tipe Comoutf,aer,kl.4oC
,eitlillog Dielies, and Y rag peaderoen'y grow pion,
• • ..„ • •
I a selierser el*: ,;" - . .
!xiruvalLan; charge of ili* who ikke.and aim long credit
n a untied of etompililat. R.°43:l4trCe. iliWrelnsilililie
ill line a aiagetilik dieffeatela VW. ifl*. ,from other
is cliastletailiilicalailaCilaig !heir Itobinetio tor quirk
N w
the, e Ii indi'Vowleoll in.akey 'iloo• oilier
,torcliage ilieir ssisile for.—atallaitti in Cie country asp.
sedimg digit inialianis eit aii OM ilk ,

•
ite, romp es oratton .etta mate-
Is,: Can you believe that should ke weetrat• 't
'PrPviseityt 'he will ion retain 14 Iteblinded
le, or keep his psvogiseeJ
inly the conquest of so many flourishing ci
Se molly bolt couttglesk okauet be *Olivetti
L . 11.47f.0116,-Or :ICI- A '

~'

11

li

a

~!

rig

I I,

11 '

Zuntest—Mr. Kal/tsad, Ladsdassman t llessrs. Fjcher
. ..••- • •
Baaxz—Watteville, ancient Landacoman ; Messrs. Jenael
wol Gruber.
Bine—Burgomaster Weiland and Mr. Counsellor Stehlin. •
Littera:a—Messrs. Ruttimann and Gerhard:
Vatsown-31essn. Diesback and Herreaselswand.
%Lama—Mews. Grimm, de Wartaafels, de Bolls, and
Frey. _
Scustressysast --Me-srs. Pfister and Waldkircb.
Utu—Messrs, Arnold and Lusser.
- Swum -L•Messrs. Weber and Reding.
I.Twes.aw.ts.ovr —Messrs. Flue and Zelgers.
ZOG—Messrs. dler and Hess.
Gums—Messrs. Heen and Burger.
Anstiarsi.—Messrs. Zellwegco and Bischorsbergen.
GAirrow—dletars. de Muller, Friedberg, and Kuster.
Garsono,--Messrs.Osupleas, Planta, and 1. Antdeeharea.
Tnunsit—Meesns: D'Albeeto and Rosen.
T‘noseirsa--Massess limn and Anderwirth.
VAVD —Meow. Nara and Monod, and Dr. Seeretau, sen.
Annemis--Mdines. Fels* and Harner.

The troops of Berne which are here in barracks,
as well as shose of Basle, forming a part of the con-
tingent. The troops expected to-day will be qtiar-
tared on the Citizens. All navigation ou the Rhine
has ceased.
Nauss, Nov. 21.—Many troops are arrived here.
The Rhine is prodigiously swelled.
COLOGNZ, Nov. 22.-Very strong bodies of
troops extend all along the line of the

• •

AlClit Nov. 17.—The Miniliters of Bavaria ar- •
here on the 14th and- 15tb,*u did the Charge
Tres of Italy, Baron Toaeni.
Exoellency Count Talleyrand, the French Ml-
arrived here on the lith inst.

The Neunnarket Coursing Club commenced their
first meeting on Monday last, at Cheveley, when $1
matches were run in a high style. Lord Rivers .pro-
duced the most dogs, and as usual, took the lead.—
The 'second day afforded many excellent runs at Mr.
Tharpe's, ,but the frost setting.in sharply that even-
ing, the remainder of the week's sport was interrupt-
ed, and the company, after that day's sport, were
obliged tit separate, to the great mortification of this
numerous assemblage of Sportsmen.

~.

~R

4.4*.Z,;,•

. , • • .-
. •
*lli 02COSS
without fighting, end thou to * n of dis- WILSEL, Nov. tO.--According Dee measures savouring of revolul
orders will not our country be given np ? What from Munster, that city is occupied
plundering, what shiughter, %het conflagration ? enemy's irregular troops, who (
Qtat vuocK. :,whatever art it is endeavoured
The recent decrees relative to
Let us imagine for a moment the enemy at our depredations. . - ' want of the troops have
gates. See the women trembling, distracted, flying ; General Merle has taken the . ,
the old men, young virgins, and children obliged to city, which is in a formidable state,
• !of it', than the revival of the
quit their paternal roof, carrying with them some receives.' new Wools of its means s
itiandla
Boin;:zisinidise.
a.
, measure, 'it. is no other,
DANTON, the Aja4ruotfathsetepFor'ernch
melancholy remains of their fortune, seeking in the provisi6ns. ' Outrampafts are defended
Ditto 30. 3 5 p
nt every
try shouldgrai grain o f
dep!ha of the woods, in the most impenetrable re- out cannon, and weary) perfectly ' Domino% ITS
treats, an as} lunefrom the furies of the soldiery. See enemy. . New Ditto 911 P.
was called, went
every whore tettlutt and Agitation. 'The accounts we receive from Cologne announce, , Consols for Acct. ens
• 1 . - -
Ali! what,dieciplitte .an you expect, flow those . that the Duke of Terentum dailo receives fresh lain- _ , i
..doircglaorideai,ntl:heat.
country
_I ..,,,,........ _... ----..........--. i ', requisition of the Commutes mittee of
horde& if Cossacks, who have no pay but•whit they , forceineuts. General Amey, who had beau heresome TIIII '• Sir A PENMAN
can carry off frdin the inhabitants of cities and the , time, is going to Holland: General Cain St. Cyr is
• - _ ....._ , ___..____-__ L
country ; who, strangers to citilisetion, . toads, see,' mill iu our town. asieentaa..—
ences, and letters, • can esteem nothing which we • FRANKTORT,,Nov. 20.—We are informed of all
i
' 'The affairs of Holland. engross
esteem—respect nothing which we respect; they have, the measures that are taken on the left bank of the LONDON: -
' rn
SATURDAY, DEcnistß 4, HIS. continues to be of a most e
public 'Mention, end the intelli
burned their own hibitatiOßS, yeti you suppose it will Rhine to receive the armies of the coalition, in case
, ' i ,
The rePOrt of the
,Diit ~
cost them much to burn yours ? ~ • - • ;'they should attempt to pass that barrier. The losses nature._+_
Let es recollect that the army of the Arnie 4 only which these. -armies have sustained during the cani.
an army in the pay of . England; that the coaleseed ; paign are not yet repaired, and it is affirmed that French Papers to the tat instant arrived last night, lIEUIL having surrendered ti
and although they say but little, their coMplexioti le not yet confirmed. '•A %tell
• '
powers are only the blind instruments of a boundless. therels.in the councils of the coalesced powers *di- I
ambition and implacable hatred against France.— I versity of 'sentiments concerning their future opera- strikes us as indicating something in embryo of the morning at the Admiralty, we
What good intention—what favourable sentiment 1 tloni. I highest importance to Europe. In the fiat place, vernment, but the-particulars
ten we expect from the Cabinet of London ? During I lt is not Mr. Amstetten who has accompanied the the ,
postponement of the, assembling of the • Legisla. transpieed. The following letti
ted years we have been a prey to all the ,horrors efl.unhappy King of Saxony to Berlin. This Councillor Lure, is such a departure from the constitution, that Mies some farther ereelligence from Holland g—
ibe revelniintto all the scourges of civil discord.— otState harnot ceased to be in the suite of the Em- •
L ertaioly if England had wished te_stifle the monster pesos of Russia. .
bold as Bosiant en isl he would not venture so to in. !• HARMIEff, DEC 3.-'-The report brought two days
Anarchy, how often might it have fewer' the opportu- The most distressing circumstance of our present suit the whole French people in takiug'such a course; ' ago, that Flushing was in the hands of the patriots
thy ! But far, far from wishing toivestotls eto us re- situation is the inundation of federative paper, in if the object intended whre not to justify the mea. most happily confirmed ; a Dutehseloycl which
j ose, it is our repose which `she dreads% it is oar which nobody has any confidence, and the value of sore. Every departure from the principle which iiiivatithis day, at two o'clock, from Scli
power, our glory, oat induskry, our Reis, which she which diminishes daily. There wanted but this in- gives legitimacy to the acts of a Government, is not had (titters jo communiCate the fact, of the wen' Zi
wishes to annihilate. Co reign alone over the whole rention, of which England may boast, to ruin Ger. ~
..,,-
only a violence in that particular country where'll or ZRALANO'BEING. iREE to any British vessel she
world, to render ail nations tributary to her mer- many and.paralyze all the branches of its industry.
chants, is the only object of her ambition, the con- By this men', and by the intreidection of English takes place; but is also an object of alarm anti kifii • might meet ; and she did so, having spoken a British
stoats in el all her efforts, of all her,intrigues, of all ' merchandise, all the gold of Germany finds its way horrence to the people of every free state. Another I frigate last night. And this is not all—the Brie and
her inconceivable profusion. She wishes, at any 'to London, and we shall soon have nothing left but ' material circumstance is the smallness of the demand ; Helreotsluys are likewise free; the French force
price, te deliver herself from a rivalry which distresses' their new paper money, which will be of no use to for the war department, as well as the nature of it. ! thought proper to seek-their-safety in flight the WOO
her. Whata triumph, what joy would it be to her, us, except to heat our stoves. lt has nothing of the quality of permanency about before last, so that our packets are now at liberty
if she could ever flatter herself with being able to We have heard`with the most lively participation
eir
effett the ruin of France, to destroy her fleets, to that his Highness the Guam! Duke, who has. tied, it. Negociation is always the resort of the week.— to enter.th accustomed harbour. -We are also led
annihilate her commerce, to divide her provinces.' has been indisposed, but that he is happily re- The Ferectr EMPEROR is unquestionably in a weak Ito giv.alwedit to, the Ilile!ilimuig DAVOUST, with
The ruin of France would be the common ruin of the covering. condition. As soon as we beheld the Helvetic I. tfutloss. of 18,000 meo• by, gw-unt Woutonesr ; Sc.
world. Subjugate France, and the enslaving of the S•raasuueo, Nov. 22.—The fortress of Kehl is in claratiou of Neutrality published in the French' Pa-- I veml Officers-had arrived 'atlinaggue; announcing
-universe is completed. the best condition, and our patroles go daily beyond pet's, we were possessed with the strongest 'belief ttii fact. All goes on well iii- flollend. A large
And w can 'e deliver ourselves to such reflections Sundheim and Neum-ultl. Sometimes they meet de-_
that a pacific negotiation would commence on Oat transport 'with troops bas patlttie our harbour this
without ehodderine; Will net every hand be armed tachments of the enemy, which oceasions some skir-
tO ward off such ;calamity ? Ah ! let us not imitate mishes ; but it appears the enemy have only a few I spot. ToL.LEYRAND, too, has repaired to it ; and evening ; she is front the River, and said to he bound
those Athenians who, devoted entirely to their plea- light troops in these parts, incapable of attempting what actor upon the diplomatic theatre of Europe is to Rolland; her name is". the Meteor. The King
sores and to indolence; 'were solely occupied by the any thing serious. better infoimed 'of the tournure of Courts and the George, Captain KING, which sailed yesterday for
sports of the theatre, and some frivolous tales, when I Goncess, Nov. 16.—We expect General M. Sen- intrigues of Cabinets, both before and behind the, Heligoland, has returtled4a consequence of easterly
Philip was at their gates, but let us remember; that I tator Kampen with many troops. No enemy has scenes? But above all, what said the. Emperor of .rinds: • - . . • -
to preserve the laurels of Apollo, we must gather yet been seen on the Apssel, where French troops
AUSTRIA, in his Manifesto, for taking up arms after
the palm of Mars. I are stationed.
Plats, Nov. 30.—We are assured that the open- REES (DEPARTMENT OP THE LIPPE), Nov. 17.—A the late Armistice? why, that he only desired, and
ing of the Sessions of the Legislative Body is pro.- troop of the enemy has shown itself at Rees, and bed so did his Allies, that NoroixoN might be ConStrain-
rogued, but we are not informed on what day it will bespoke quarters for 4000 men, therretired preci- ed in his ambition, and repelled within those very
take place. pitately, and the tickets made out were not used.— limits in which he is beheld at this moment ! If more
The Journal de Paris, of the 30th, after enume- We are used to these bravadoes of the enemy. were wanting to 'induce our Readers to be of our
rating a number of Dukes, Duchesses, Counts, and NIMEGUEN, Nov. V.—General Laubordiere is
Countesses, presented to the Emperor after Mass on t here,- General Schinez commands et
.Deventer, and opinioe, let them* but reflect, for a morneotc at the
Sunday, says, " His Majesty-on the same day held a General Amey at Arnheim. • • • sudden diminution of energy in every one or the
Council of Administration, for the clothing of the VERONA, Nov. 19.—The enemy having recalled Allies since the repulsion of the enemy within the
'Army; Count Dane, Ministet of War, and Count.' all his detachments, and collected his principal forces I Rhenish boundary—of the lati-uor of the pr so ec
u-
Centre, 'President of theSeetien of War, were pree I
in the peeitiou of the Alpono tion of
made an attack this In
the war in the ancient Austrian posseisiens
sent'..' . . I morning on our advanced-posts at'St. Martin.
The lin Italy :b, all, . --
et above of tne almost total inatten-
Snwevasecsve, Nov. 211.—The decree relating to : first line of our posts being attacked by a very su-
the maintenance of the neutrality of our country ' perior force, fell back upon the 'battalions which tion to the several garrisons on the Elbe and else-
passed unanimously by the Extraordinary Swiss Diet, were in front of St. :Michael. The affair was very where, which are still possessed by the French.' We
has every where' excited the most lively joy. The , warmly contested about- -10 o'clock in the morning, , can hardly except Magdeburg and Dasitzic from the
agents of the coalitiiiii had, in vain, traversed all between the eneMrs:Mumns, consisting of twelve i above reasoning.
.On the whole, it appears clear to
.Switzerland, and had done their utmost to induce se- . battalions, and our advanced-gourd, com Posed of
.elan that the Emperors of AUSTRIA and NAPOLEON
'era% Governments, particularly those of the prise : six battalions. .
pondorate Gentofte, to take part with the coalition. I mutually think it is at least as well 'if not much
A' very 'lively fire Continued till six in the evening,
The most seducing promises and threats have been but notwithstanding the repeated attacks of the ene-i better, to try whether those valuable possessions
-alternately employed to lead the Swiss government I my he could not establish himself in the village of St.: may not'be preferably disposed of by treaty, than by
bite a measure contrary to the'repose and the interest j Michael. As often as the enemy approached toe near to i
fire and sword. An attempt at pacification will
of this country. ! our battalions they attacked with the pas de charge. then,
.i. 'Theweattempte have failed ; thegood sense and the ;fire six battalions who engaged on this side belong no doubt, be made, ere the fate of all the late
`wisdom of the Helvetians have triumphed over every to the 20th, 53d, 101st, and 102 d regiments. All I trans-Rhenine possessions of France are disposed
of.
intrigue. It is affirmed that deputies are going to the troops behaved perfectly well ; some battalions I But what is there against all this ? Why the opinion of
thellead-quarters of the Belligerent Powers to an- 1 of the Ist hussars made several successful charges.— ' the Times forsooth, from the oracle of' that intelli-
tionnee there the declaration of the Diet. i We did much mischief to the enemy : his loss may be , ; gence, VErvs!! The wisdom of this prophet may
Ris Excellency the Landamman has been autho- I estimated at 1200 men in killed or wounded, and we !of
I possess as much the super-natural as, perhaps, did
rised to put in motion 40,000 men, who will cover . took more that'll:lb prisoners belonging to the regi- ;the. inspired oracles of Delphos or Dodano of old ;
than part of the frontiers of Switzerland which is ; ments Bianchi, Chasteler, Beuewski, and Deutzch- '
nearest to the theatre of war. I Meister. The two latter regiments have recently al._ i but it is undoubtedly less ambiguous and obscure.—
Some thousand men are to repair to the frontiers rived at the army. I The venerable VETUS says—" Peace must not, can-
of Italy, other troops will go to the Northern iron. I The regiment of Beuewski has particularly suf- I not be made with BONAPARTE!" and the chosen
,eiers. The staff of the troops of the Confederation : feted : it has left about sixty killed in the field of !vehicle of his dictions and predictions, adds, in
is to be at Basle. i battle, in front of a battalion of the 20th of the !
his favour and to his fame, its own opinion, as
BASLE, Nov. `al.—What we most desired has just . line. Our loss has been about 600 men, put hors de '
thus—" VETUS has justly said, that the people of
been realized. Our Government has formally de: : comfrat.•
dared for the maintenance of the strictest neutrality , Miroto,• Nov. to.—The Austrian General in France is, at present, for all moral arid political
in the present war. Chief, Hiller published' an Order of the Day, dated Purposes a non-entity," and that " the finances of
The contingent of this Canton is on foot, and Bowen, the 24th Oat. which is inserted iu the Journal the country are at the last gasp !!" That is not
guards our frontiers on the side of the Grand Duchy I of Treete. all, however, for the great and toothless mouth of
'of Baden. We are firmly resolved to cause them to • It announces, that by a decision of the Emperor the Oracle itself, and the inferior lisping one which
be respected by the Belligerent Powers. . of Austria, the notes called billets d'amorlisse-
BASLE, Nov. 26.—The following is the list of theinvokes its aid anti direction, both join in the chorus
meatshall be taken for their nominal value ; 64 I
,
Deputies of the nineteen Cantons to the Estraordi- hope," says the General, " that every body will I that " swe are,ready to end the dispute by placing
nary Diet : cheerfully bear the loss of the money, seeing the the lawful King of FRANCFon the throne of France."
extraordinary expences of the Austrian Monarchy What a Quixotic measure is this ?' 'Whither would
to support the war, -laid 1 declaee, that. I will this now Csaraerrair carry, us?,: yThere are want
punish severely those who raise the price of their I windmills besidesahose of Montmartre between the:
goods. The inhabitants will be recompensed in
present pretendevand the throne of his ancestors. -,
the sequel for what the Austrian army causes them to •
Our Ministers against whose measures we have
suffer." 2
By a Decree, dated Venice, 13th Nov. the Viceroy often had reason to object, will not, we are per-
bas confirmed the former regulations, which render I waded, furnish us with one on this romantic sub-
the Captains and owners of vessels responsible for I ject. No, no; their ideas must have acquired
the return of their crews. They shall pay a fine'ofis erneforce, some magnitude, by the greatness of
t
500 !lyres for every person who shall be missing ; and the
before they go to sea, they shall give security for "
two-fifths of their crews, at the rate of 5001ivres a They will not fall into so inextricable a dilemma, as
head. such a declaration) such a countenance even of the
Seatraw, Oct. 30.—0 n the 29th of Oct. the Grand thing would create for them. Were it not for the
Vizier, accompanied by a great number of troops, highly probable change of views in more than one
made his solemn entry into Belgrade. It seems ke Cabinet of the Belligerents,, we should be induced
will remain there only long enough to lay the foun-
dation of the future tranquillity of Servia. A general I silence of theto 'expatiate at- large upon the. tote
Amnesty is spoken of. . French Papers with regard to the. affairs of Holland;
FRENCH fUNIIS. - For the French-Government, studiously to keep the
• fees. 3.). •5. Franks.. 90 Cents. 'i . t
French people in the dark as to what is going On in
&country so valuable to any Power, being so va.
luable in itself, and which has .been attached.,
to its•tmpire nearly;fifteen• years, would be such
degradation as the Emperors of the East could not
dare to inflict upon elution of Hindoos. We have
heretofore observed, that if the disasters of the armies
with which the French have repeatedly furnished Bo-
teseAnTE, should not shake off their attachment
to him, that he would be obliged to resort to

eon•

' 'As the'eyes of .ali Eorepe are nen _Holland at
this Moment, it may got bejmnsittakiej rough
sketa of its historys_mtfti-jel tint pnlificits as many
of oar Renders, and.-Ypertieilarly :they younger pert
of them, may not have paid Much' eitnation to it,
'especially, -u daring the last fift•ott years it has
409 e 'nothing to excite particuhir notice, whatever
jt may have suffered. fool and'; "commonly so
Oallej,,:cinsists of si4en
,prefiettes united, of which
Holland proper is this =next considerable of Menial!.
Tbeerhole extent of the proiinces is not large; being
fess' thin*tvo hundred 'miles In cirCemfe4nce. The
••
less 4 is, elmost every, ;where. Neve theft Atte sae, the
water being kept out by dikes 'which the people ale
particularly careful in watching and leaping:lli r -
pair, lest themselves and the laud should be drowned.
The country is crossed by the mouth of the
and the Meese, as well as by several small riser-,
and is besides intersected by numerous canals, ovs
which .people conveniently travel by daYfinti. night.
In reality, Holland is but a large nieadew, iecurect
by art and labour from repeated inundations: it .s
however very fertile, and feed's great numbers of
cattle. •It is in proportion`lo its extent the most.
populous country in ..the trorlsl, in etoeseinence Of
its foraier great and Profitabluteade.' The provinces
contain 400 large towns,uied 18-cities.: The.houses
are well built, and are kept' extremely neat aml
clean. They have woollen and, linen 'llentufactures ;
and at-once construct the largest ships for war anti
commeiCe, and the Most insignificant toys for children.
The esteblished religion is Cahinism, but all others
are tolerated ; the French dominion Over them has-
! ing made'ao change in that-respect.
It is highly interesting to enquire' how the Dutch
became a nation,. and its doing.this, the phtsse we
have often heard in pleasantry, that. " the Batch
have taken Holland," will not appear so very, ab-
surd. The ancestors of the present NI therlatOers,
properly so called, anti se addressed at this time by
the Magistrates in ',their Proclamations (is meaning
inhabitants of the low landS, in contra-distinctiors t'
those of the hither or higher lands), were compelled
to seek refuge on those inhospitable shores and me-
-reaslia,^ly the cruet persecution of the quke of
AANA, seder his .equally cruet master,..Pasur or
Spain. "Kiley are chielly the descendants of the
Persecuted glamings,. . against whom the ohm
-Duke, a- ut instrument in thi -hande- of the .110toi
Desna he ..Served, led a powerful body of S 'a-
nbh and Italian veterans In the year" x 368• The
number of the 'inhabitants too was augmented ItY
some of those liugonots Who fled frOm the religions
and bloody persecutions they experienced` from the
Catholics in France at the abortaperlnd. The MO
may well enough feel a prepomersion, in favo..se
the House of ()twice, for it was Witt.o.tst of
SAU, Prince of °amine (surnaspo4 toe Silent); *ll--:
the first stood up flir them as a Ganeral -against th,
, violept design of PHILIP and Illismilitary Pro-Cons°
.That Prince's own estate had' been enntit.cated ;
he employed himself diligently its ratshe au awns, 0.
443,900.'6erman Protestants with wl,i6 he Wes
the Netherlands, 's't'd offered battle to 'the thtke
ALIA. The latter; however, sensible of• the etivtel.
teges Of delay, deolined the challenge,
Prince, .for want of maney, was obligNl to
atA the
disband his army without effecting his pur-
pose; after which his inhuman adversary Pe
to death, by various tortures, all the Petzte,c's It
to
lowers whom he could gets into his possessio'44
ALVA'S good fortune increased his ic solo"' "
crueltyyfor entering Brussels triumphantly, he give
bur;
far citadels to be built- in all the prin.:4o4
ittowas o the low outdo, in order (0 "C 4"
* pt. aot- ! S • s

ki i French
Rhine.
1 • Zeal
rived in
d'A flair
Hie I
ulster;

. .. , . .
. • • "*"*" •
•:...,:e ~k. . :-..,-• .
TIM erA AN • f
......„....,,,...000,44,1,00.•.,,ftaidiji
~• ..., Ir. •0. ..' ..
to newt NICIIIVIIIII AT Kan.
pied by some of the 13. tletieabargh
Reltaabual
commit ell Mods of o' .... - ,-; Lifty ' ••
•
Letelcoanindmyathichofdaeitry.; iilt_
I.c, ;:,_'oll. -nem
~ • •••
‘ll' :,:slirr•DAt.
pans of defence and; Baia 2,1 ' • . .
~, . 1,11,
Wended by- mime,: 1 = Goa. 60Ik Neel
y able to repute the 4We cob, 75i6 . •. Ml'
b per Caat..Nail
• Coloene announce. 11.41/4* "144 13.161 • ' COOl

•
. •
Itionary principles. It
take such a course.—
, thd'providing for the
that cast ; for witi
oured to conceal the
in our conception
the law of maximum.
tech revolution, as he
r two further, when he
of corn, and every *gra it;
be' cowliicsed gge.o. the
if Public Sakty.'l',
. :
gross a peat ;share of
4ligence receiseditietice
keering and satisfactory
vita Fleet, nutter VER•
the new Government,
itch Officer arrived !his.
rith dispatches rtir 69?
are of them have not
otter from Harwich ton•
