CHESHIRE WHIG CLUB.

The first general meeting of this club was held at
the Royal Hate!, in Chester. on Tuesday last; and
most truly can we say, that one more respectable for
rank and talents we neer!. witnessed. Ninety-fire gen-
tlemen sat down to an excellent dinner a little before
six o'clock, with that venerable Nobleman Lord Crewe,
in the Clair; and lileorge Wilbraham, Esq , Vice Pre-
.
sident.

A meeting was previously held for flee despatch of
when•letters were read from a number of

Omen, expressing great regret *t being prevented
attenclinz this first 'nesting, and their hearty

en-

wishes for its success. At suggestion of several
tnemberm from the adjoining district, the title of the
dab was changed from the " Cheshire Whig Club,"
to the " %Phil( Club of Cheshire and the neighbouring
Countirs." It was also resolved, that the next annual
meetine be held on the 9th of October, 1:+22 ; Earl
Urosvenor, President; and Admiral Tolletnache, Vice
President.

We observed present Lords Crewe, Grosvenor, Ana ,n,
Sir H. E. Bunbury, Sir J. Stanley, the lion. Kober•
Grosvenor, and other persons of distinction.
The cloth being removed, ".Voa. uoGir, Donaine,"
was sung, and the usual loyal and p..triutic toasts were
drank.

"'flue immortal memory of Charles James Fox."—
[The manner in which this toast was received showed
that the merting fully appreciated the talents and pull.
tical principles of that );reat man.]

Lord entwa then rose and said, that he had to pro-
pose the health of his Noble Friend on his right hand,
and he bad not the least doubt but that when it was
announced it would be received with that enthusiasts'
it so greatly deserved—he meant• "The health of Earl
Urosvenor."

On the announcement of Lord Grosvenor's name, the
applause from all parts of the room evreede,l all that
had preceded it, and continued for several osinntes.

Earl OrtusvEson then rose and said, he returned
them his must sinc•rre thanks fur the high honour they
had just conferred on him by drinking his health, es-
pecially when done in such a flattering manner. lie
would just make a few observations up n the impor-
tance ut the day and time occasion on which they were
met,—an occasion as honourable to the Whig Club as
it was to the county and country in general. They
were met to celebrate and to keep alive in their minds
the general feelings of the Constitution as est .blished
by their ancestors in the year ; and when he
mentioned that glorious struggle between liber►y and
slavery, between passive obedience and the assertion
of our rights as became British freemen, he begged
their courtesy for a few moments, while he made a few
observations on the principles which this rl;mb was es-
tablished to preserve; and he bad no dm►bt that he
should receive the sanction of those around him when,
he s.,,itf that those principles animated the great body
of the people generally.—(Applankc.)—lt could nut
be said that they did not act up to ti►e principles they
professed when he witnessed the enthusiasm with which
the fu►mer toasts given by the Chairman hail b?en re-
ceived—he ►ueant " The Trial by Jnry," " Liberty,
civil and religious, all over the world," "The Free-
Join of the Press," and •' the Memory of a distin--
guished and immortal Patriot."—(dl•olause )—hrou►
the low toile of voice in which the Noble Lord spoke we
were unahie to catch thr next observations, but under-
-516041 his topic of discourse to be a reform in th.• Corn-
, mons House of Parliament. One thing, in pa rsicular,
'to which he would allude, and which he would press
most seriously upon their attention, was the n;.•rssity
of reducing sinecure places held by th.•se who had
seats in the Commons House of Parliament. It seldom
fell to his lot to encounter personally the advocates of
this system ; but, u►►happily, the efforts of himself and
his friends had hitherto been unavailing in their en-
deavour to suppress such a system. Hr doped Ina tiny
was not far distant when the Ministers wou.d be obliged
to feel that they were responsible for their deeds; and
though ilium meeting might -•tint to he two sansenitTrr
tnei. hops, yet still est: long tat alit.►ste.s ,
