THE STATESMAN.

by the Princes of the Blood, The dawn of liberal To nu EDITOR OF THE STATESMAN.

ideas, if ee are to expect it from such a quarter, - • .—.00.—.
comes strangely -preluded. . Granted that .they are Srai--I am very thankful to your Correspondent,
all well-meattiog men who are to 'compose the Chatn- who writes OR the subject of 80/ratifiers and CA -
boss of the Goverton.nt —as well-meaning and as NOVA, and am well eatisfied that the correction is
harnil,,ss as Loris himself—is nothing beyond this given. X's it is to the honour of truth that ill errors,
reaceable disposition wanted to insure to France the respecting eminent persons especially, should ba dis-
preservation and consolidation of her insiitulions, covered and removed, I do not hesitate upon such a"
`• the fruits of so Many painful atteraptsvand a coal. statement to believe that I was misinformed, and to
;sensation for so many misfortunes ?" See how the state accordingly ; I had, however, seen such an
nation is menaced without and torn within—what assertion, and it did not seem likely that it should
efforts are using to effect her entire destruction.— he a fiction. It was not a circumstance whiclimalig.
Force can only be opposed to force. The armies of nity was very likely to invent. Let the discovery
France are scattered by her own mandate, and spurn serve, however,- to to-nein-cif the people of this eoun.
at the Government that has disgraced them, and left , try how fallacious the stories are upon which the
. ant antipathy
and
hatr
The anee
cdotge of theolesesaTE refusal would with
the Ministry, and even the two Chambers, effect,
without that power which renders all negotiations i many operate for this purpose : they would say,
that an eminently distingnished artist should refuse
easy, and makes Kings and Ministers heard, 'when
to employ his genius and art in forming the statue of
otherwise their representations would not be listened
a powerful Monarch, and great friend to Ike arts,
to ? Will Powers who bate the very name of popular
ssirsv have proceeded on strong motives. Yet it ap-
liberty, and would crucify any one of their legitimate pears, satisfactorily, that there was no such refusal.
order who should forgive a Revolution or a single And when thousands have been put into a disposition
reformer, voluntarily bestow the boon of freedom, to believe every criminal imputation against Rorie-
and say to nations, we are nothing, ye are every PARTE, CAR it be wondered if the most horrid and
thing—will they ecknowlerige the mile' the estravagant .ebarges against him, with are external
people and allow France, or any other *Melt 'evidence to support them, and internal evidence most
strongly they can prevent, to model its own Constitution and
gly against them, should be believed ; when I,
purge its Government of those corruptions and abuses who certainly had no disposition to believe that a
with which their own are so tainted? What would great artist could be hostile in his opinion of BONA-
become of the Paper Governments if this were to PARTE, have been led into this error, by one of the
lake place.— of the prerogative system—of the tiling, many myriads of unfounded tales so abundantly in
rotten-borough system—if France were to be allowed circulation.

to.go without taxes, and have a pure Representative
Government, and the liberty of electing her own ci-
vereign ? It appears she is too• formidable to he►
enemies even in the depth of her calamities: She

If I had seen other errors in my letters, either
discovered by myself or noticed by others, I would
have been equally explicit in the acknowledgment of
them:

must be annihilated. Even many in this country are

I am, Sir,

joining in this cry. France must be annihilatea, or
her power and her ambition will revive. What won-

Yones sincerely,
CAPEL LOPTT.

Trostm.ball. September 19, 1815.

derful achievements for the good of mankind have
the power and ambition of her enemies performed or

P. S. I cannot now refer to my authority ; and
, I need not say that I w "lueliced by no prejudice
lin the adoption of it; •, 4 ,4POLEON with
the admiration which ye'.; • -re felt,
and believing of Ct . ,*4 !!ae t:i4tl etyrree:-; of his
excellence in one of the nonti..;.depart ; of the
fine arts to be tree, though not so happy as ewer to
bare seen a specimen.

aimed at ? To repress the growing energies of the
bumau mind, to perpetuate feudal tyranny, and to

destroy the noblest monuments of science and of

art: to efface the very semblance of human liberty,
and to raise up monarchies and tyrannies which time

and their own rottenness had crumbled into weak-

uess and to dust. What glory has resulted to Uri-

taiu for this ? What are the solid and homefelt ; Reports from Paris say, that disputes have arisen
satisfactions which we have gained from all the sue- between the Courts of 'Madrid and .Lisbon, and that
ceases that have crowned our arms in the long ' England, it was supposed, would not interfere; at
struggle we have been waging ? We ought.to consi- ,' any rate, she would not interest herself in favour of
the latter until it shall be known what answer
der this • little, and whether it would really be for ... . •
Marshal ts'..ettESPORD has received from the PRINCE
the advantage of Britons, who pretend to love liberty ; RECENT at the Brazils, relative to the late conduct
and a free Constitution, that Fiance should be re- • of the Regency, in withholding the assistance of the
duced to an abject state of slavery, before we join in t Portuguese troops in the grand cause against BONA-
' the exultations and wishes of arbitrUy power, and . l'Al"."'
pray for success to the Prussians and Hie rest of
'I he Chapter of the Metropolitan Church of Paris,
' kept In its treasury the ornaments used at the coro-
i
the humilialors. . nation of BONAPARTE. On the King's return, the
At present, we see the system of politics adopted Chapter was authorised to convert into church orna-
during the present reign as successful as it possibly ments the two velvet mantles sprinkled with gold
can be, infinitely more so than its abettors but a very
bees. The bees were sold to an English trader, who
short time since, would have ventured to anticipate. carried them to London, where they now form put
of the paraphernalia of a theatre. BONAPARTE, a
France is for the time enslaved, and the distance of few days after the 20th of March, demanded back
America lessens the effect of her example, and yet his bees. The Chapter was greatly embarrassed.—
the situation of the country is much worse than Some Canons, charged by the agents of Police with
having sold them for their own profit, were thr s,tened
it was in 1793, before the crusade against French ,
l ..ititot •
the
liberty commenced, and points out the necessity of
with imprisonment. , However, It eot elf 'th a
'
that Reform which the ear was undertaken to crush. • mere fright. At present 0
bees, and the mil. r article `IC N , A ! T. •
I , .
It may be that, after witnessing the degrading scenes coronation, are locked up in ...oi,' • ' ' await-
that have lately taken place in their country, French• ilig the decision of Governm.ee. e .. are no longer,
men may so far distrust one another as to afford some shown to the curious who tisk the Metropolitan
suspension of arms to Europe; but it is altogether im- ' Church.
posseile that they should continue to acquiesce in Yesterday a Common Hall was held at Guildhall,
for the election of Sheriffs; when THOMAS FOSTER,
their debasement, or to support an imbecile Mo- Esq. ironmonger, and Triokies WILSON, Esq. ha-
narch, forced upon them by a hostile power. And berdasher, havirig each paid the fine of 4001. and 20
were it possible that France could be permanently en- marks, with the usual fees, to be excused serving ;
slaved, what advantage would thencebederieed to the CHARLES Cooxe, Esq. stationer, and June lloi.-
British ? If liberty is to be extinguished in France ROYD, Esq. plumber, were nominated and elected
by Russians and Prussians, themselves the creatures Sheriffs of Loudon and Middlesex, for the year en.
suing.
of absolute despotism—if the Liberty of the Press is The Duke of ORLEANS and suit, we are told, did
to be destroyed, and free discussion on political i not leave Greillon's Hotel, Albermarle-street, till
rights suppressed—in what respect can we flatter our- i half past live o'clock yesterday afternoon, for Paris.
selves that our situation is to be bettered by the After his departure the Duchess set off in her chariot
and. four for her seat a. Twickenham.
event ? if, on the other hand, oppression and cop-
Some movements have already taken place amongst
tamely rouse Frenchmen to unite in defence of their
the British troops quartered in Paris ; the Staff
liberty, and union alone is necessary to their suc- Corps has been marched to Dugay, and the Head-
less, we have as yet experienced but little of the quarters Staff are to be transferred to some adjoining
evils to arise from the war we have waged against station.
them. Our Ministerial Papers inculcate the neces- The general leave of absence annually granted to
sity of keeping down the French people by the pre- the troops at home, is to take place on the 25th.
g
in§tant ; one Field Officer, and half of the Captains
arid Subalterns are always to remain with their re i-
sence of a great foreign force, expressing at the same
time their apprehensions, that the labours of the Al-
ties are not to be brought to a happy termination silents.
A strong reinforcement for the African corps,
without wading through another sea of blood, Red I consisting chiefly of men selected from the prison
enduring another struggle as lamentable as the ships, were embarked last week for Senegal.
past. Were the success of that struggle certain, We are authorized to contradict the report that
and the subjugntion of France confidently to be anti. 1 Mr. RAYMOND has taken the Dublin, Cork, and
i Limerick Theatres for a term of years, no such oc-
cipated, the deliverance of Europe to be completed
by enslaving the most enlightened European Empire, 1 currence having taken place.
the advantage to be derived by such a germination of I A Royal Commission is
going out to inquire into
the contest, to the inhabitants of these countries, the state of the laws in Guernsey and Jersey. Mr.
would not beapparent, but the contrary. As mat- i BECKETT left his Office on Thursday for those islands.
taro now stand, such success is far from certain, and i Captain P. CARTERET, C.B. (late of the Ponione),
i
1 farther resistance on the part of France may entails appointed to command the Desiree, fitting at Sheer-
upon us the necessity of following up another just and neee.
necessary War.
The houses on the west side of St. Alban's-street,
_________—_— to Charles-street, are now all pulled down, with the
In consequence of the appearance of fresh exception of the late tavern and house adjoining.
troubles being likely to break out in the River Plate, The house which will form the corner of the above
between the opposite parties, Government hove come streets, is now erecting on the scite next to the
to the Resolution of sending out Captain Bowers, mansion Of the Earl of GALLOWAY, and will oc.
as Commodore, with a frigate and another vessel of cupy a considerable space of the new grand street it
war under his command, for the protection of the is to be elegantly stuccoed, and will base a hand-
British and their trade. some baltustrade as a parapet,
. •

•

' •"..1
