Ti rat PUMA or Tits STATE fl IN.

(Tbe r• 41011 Mgt Lester host trolly reeopeet •rr n t r. S IN. w•
err•W hoer re i.... 11 .5 •M. wane 1'061134re. ,• .1 is
*Hews, liii the Calkulie 0011011111 in dm Corson. Vera
dripeed of I

Si.,—l am an En.iiennan, and an enemy to any
proectiptive law That escludits any pert of is) eesaw
trysail from 'Mims in ell the rights belonging to a
free People, be his religiose opi:. whet they may;
escepting these opinions go to cilitstb the peace of
civil society, or destroy the liberties of my country,
or have any tendency to produce these carets. New,
Sr, I think, oltra • man owes a duty or allegiance
so • Foreign Sovereign, and indirectly is ender elm
iniluence of that Poser, he is sot an independent selktt
ject, acting according to hit unbiaysed a ill. In this state
I consider the Catholic of the present day, the fore
'being a Sovereign to all intents and purposes. sending
Ambassadors, making Treaties, living at a Pilots in
thecapital of his dominions, trolled by any other
Sovereign ; the head of a religion ever fond of making
cnoverts to opinions chick, I think, mod to humble
man, and make him bend too mach tow's& the en.
cooracmnent of arbitrary power ; I therefore object
to thy Catholics having all the benefits of our consul-
Minuet lights, until they set aside the Sovereign
Power, and the. Wows an independent sect. Thee
placed in the litigation of other Gliwice's 'beret.. bre
no objection in permitting them the fell enjoyneras of all
the rights eery privileges of alter Dissolvers from the
Church of E:sgland. This, end this ileac should bit
the condition from which the Catholic should receive
his emancipation. It appears say simpler the iaterest
that England took in restoring she Sovereign Poutilf
to his dignity, whoa there had bee* such au eatery
against, sad such prayers end prearlarte for the
dared of the Scarlet Whore, the Whore of
Babylon, the City of Abomination, Anti-Christ,
and a hundred other names on mord in the,
troika of tor old 'Moines. Popery. and slavery
formed the lent outcry poetious to the 1t...
lotion, which saved the purposed excluding J Ann.
The Port is now fiend to be a very hamlets, iota.
festive chancier; the beast with seven heads end
ten borne is now un more heard of ; these this.,
mast create a smile on the ceouteseages of all Welt•
log amt.
The Catholic Question appears a mooniest Wad
of basiness, artswerittg the pupae of keeping alit*
sop' feeling in the verities felicitous sects ; bet
the (legation of policy can be easily solved—ls lb.
Catholic religion, that is the fire exercise of it, under
a Government like oars, safe end convenient ? If
se, give them immediately all the rights of other 116-
lisb subjects; if, es the coaster', this liberal conolue;
is dangerous to she peace and liberty a our country,
reject their ill.judged applications; but not without
giving so respectable end powerful a body, • strong
and tessonable 'scum for acting thus by flops.
Yost constant Broder,
A. IL C.

OBSIsitY/DIUM
ON THE EVII. EFFEI TS ay DUPLICITY AND
suLtlsil, As NOW IN

--•aw--
TO THE EDITOR Of TIIR STATESMAN.

Sea,—Duplicity ad 'elks= hs.eing become the or.
der of the day, allow me, through the medium df
riga Puper, In stir a few observations on its bane-
foryteets iron .t.sciely. This evil, like most others,
takes he visit from hilooistets, •Ins practise all m
of &endive,. and pursue their own interests, totally
wordless of the • altering, of the People, the
majority of whom are relayed to pauperism by theft
daptincipied ceadort. The 111 effects hf following thla
1 assople arthills Wm in 'eery chess of anciely'lle
each a drogra,lid to threaten the total &infliction of
all conitteneobetwees Man and man, to the great in-
jury of trade in general, which bids fair to be ens.
pietely annihilated if the evil be not speedily arrest-
ed. The honest simplicity which formerly marked
the cachet of Engliskenest is now Tory rarely to be
tort with, bet has been sepersedal by tontsiilgeseile
and craft, and plain dealing has now grown quits,
oat of fashion ; every one is strkink to gain hit own
mercenary ends, totally unmindful of the manner ire
which be obtains them, however vile and base they
say be. The love of lucre prednroirtstes over those
bible vine's for which our forrtathere were so muck
Metinguished, and freed and petorlaslon stalk abroad
unabashed. One man now belids his fortune an %ha
downfal of another, merrily riultinz at Alt fain,
and glorying in his curio acts of villainy, by abide
be has accomplished his purpose.
I If a matt has bet got money, no matter how, be fa
looked upon as a great mato and treated accorrlioel);
whereas a poor man, who has nothing left hie bet
' his honesty ~.d integrity. Is too often treated with
that lased and contempt which he by no means
merits. It is this that impels unprincipled WWII in
lonceto corrupt and practice venality isorder
to obtain tidies; and dies the public coffers ern
drained to ratify the avaricious dispositions of the
vilest of assokind, shoats wadded to rob the pub..
lic perm with impunity, and ',joke Is think that
Joint Butt is so easily gelled. While these locate
aro altered lies to fades on the spoliation of dm
People, sithoet any regard to cumulate loothosty,
is it to be sundered at that others should
their pernicious ample to obtain similar ends ?
From Shakier, the cogitation has spread through
every class of the comnsaity, end tiles the morals
of the People have become contsminaied, so that
honesty bids fair to be banished the kingdom, soil
i fraud sobstituted in its steed, every ono having to
plead the coudect of tar Haien ill palliation of his
own crimes: and while the Naas camps set of
men confine* to govern, it k soot likely 'list the
morals of the People will improve, but, a the am-
ttary, continue to become still worse.
I realm par's, he.
O.

{ti•...TE LANDS IN INILAPD•--TAer• are mot loge
Asa 1,830.010 of bog sad morass load lying fireole
in Ireland ; in a Mibiterrial Ilipmbor .f ibr Hondo
lardoms say., that In 1110.17 tie plats,
of Irv-
w'►ra .• übligrd to feed one sculent plants, sock •
a• mustard seeds, Isclaci, potato ter, sad potato
istAs!"
- • _...
