_ _T_,___._.,

,

CHARGE OP TRIASON.

-~.._

PROM THE DUBLIN NORWINO POST OP SATURDAY.
The fourteen inalvidnals arrested is Armagh on
Tnesday last, charged with trrsaosa►le practices, bare
been brought op to Dublin in the custody of Mr.
Farrell, Chief Peace Officer of the Dublin Police, and
three Police Constables. They were all brought in
the Armagh Stage Coach. The following are the
names and residences of the fourteen State Prisoners:
Michael Ccffev, Dublin; Edward Clefferry, Perms-
'
nagb ; Thomas slake, ditto ; Jobn Rice, Monaghan ;
Peter Rourke, Longford; Jobs Kelly, Tyrone; Ber
nard Dungan, Dublin; Thomas Lamb, Monaghan;
Peter Reilly, Cavan; Jobs Bradley, Derry; Henry
Coogan, Antrim; Thomas Hughes, Dublin; Thomas
M'Oeogan, Antrim; and Thomas Byrne, Dundalk.
Os arriving in Duodalk yesterday, the prisoners
were sent to the gaol during the boor of breakfast.—
They were all in irons. All the people of the town
came out of their houses to see the prisoners setting
off for Dublin. Byrne, ene of the prisoners, is a cooper
and pablicao. of Dandalk. Some dragoons followed
the coach to a short distance from the town, but soon
returned. There was no other guard daring the en-
tire way, the peace officers and Mr. Farrell beingdeent-
ed sufficient. Oneof tbeprisoners, seeing the immense
crowd of people i o Dundalk, and the dragoons galloping,
after the coach, said, it was " a great fuss shunt no-
thing !" On arrival at the coach office in Bolton-
street, about six o'clock, yesterday'evening, the prison-
ers were put in three hackney coaches, and taken im-
mediately to the Dead Police Office, from whence they
were committed to the Richmond Penitentiary in
Orange-lane. when they remained for the night. Some
of these prisonen will probably be brought before the
Privy Council, at Dublin Castle, this day, for the pur-
pose of being examined.

We nudentand that • subscription Is likely to be
set ou foot is behalf of these Greek families, rendered
destitute, or sold to slavery, is consequence of the
Turkish atrocities at Selo. it will surprise no oat to
bear that the lead is to be takes by a sect which Las
ever been as mach distinguished by acts of charity as
by exertions is f of human libetty and happiness
Iwe mean the Society of Prie•ds. But the warmest
1 sympathy for the osfortunare sufferers is rapidly
spreading in
not fail, when the path is pointed out, of being await-
-1 coed into active b lent..

Iftwwwiwort or Commun.—The West Riding of
Ireeksbire will soon enjoy commercial advantages hi
Auto unknown in that district, from the completion
of the improvemeate on the Aire and Calder Naviga-
tion, designed by the late Mr. Rennie. It is alien-
laud that in two years from the present time the work
will be finished, and that then vessels of a sufficient
berthen to navigate any of the European seas with
safety, may receive their cargoes at the town of Leeds,
where it is not improbable that a custom-honst will be
ultimately established.
CONVICTS ONDIII THII SCOTCH TRZASOX
The following is an extr.ict of a letter received a few
days ago from Themes M•Culloch, stocking-weaver.
(transported file being engaged in the Boonymair bu I
ness,) add d to his wife in Olagow
:
"Sydney, New South Wales,Oct.l2, 1841.
" I send you these few lines, hoping they will fi
yea end the children in good health, as they leave
istprimant, thank Dad for it. We arrived hereon the
•th of May, all in good health, (after being at sea five
months)
If you think of coming here, there shall be nothing
wanting on my part to bring you, as I have every encou-
ragemeet from several gentlemen that can enable me to
do so, as your presence here will free me from bondage;
u an ma's wife that comes here as a free settler, can
take her husband from Uovernment employment, or be.
log a servant to any of them.
" Andrew Dawson, Jaws Cleland, John MtMilluel
sod Allan Murchle, are kept in Hovernmeat employmeet,l
lea account of their being blacksmiths, who are very vs-
liable in this part of the world; W. Clarkson and John
Anderson are with Mr. Lord, a respectable gentleman,
who much esteems them; A.Johnson is principal
to the 'Cominiseary-General: Themes M•Farlane and
Thos. Pink are with the barrack-master? Jas. Wright
is shopman to a Dr. Phillips; Benjamin Moir, J. Barr.
and David Thomson, are with Sir John Jameson ;
Ast-
drew White, bookbinder, and Alexander Hart, cabinet
maker, are in Paramatta, with Mr. Douglas ; IV. &silk
is also at Paramus with Mr. Marsden; Robert Om,
aid Alexander Lattioner are in Van Diemen's Land with
Mr. Mnlgrsve.
" This is a fine country, Ind will grow any thing that
will grow in any other country, and in g 1 have three
crops a-year. Loaf bread 3d. per lb.; butter 2s. per lb.;
beef sod nratton 10d.; eggs 2s. a dozen ; tea 2s. 6d. per
lb.; sugar 6d. • potatoes 10s. per cwt. A free labourer gets
from 255. to 30.. a week; and tradesman who has a trade
to suit this pert of the country can make it a great
deal better. I see Gilbert M'Leod. (late printer of the
' Spirit of the Union,') often—he is very well, and in
acting as a schoolmaster."
[The letter concludes with compliments to a number ee
friends and acquintances, and be requests to be return
bared to his shopuiates.]

New CIORCHINI IN LANCITH P*lll/11.—It hes at
length been determined to erect two new churches in
the parish of Lambeth—one at Brixton, to he called
St. Matthew's, the other near Kennington Common,
on the spot which divides the two roads to Clapham
and Briztoa. The latter is to be called St. Mark's,
which Is the only name Of a church in or MT LOD-
doe. The first stone of both these edifices was to be
laid this day, by the Archbishop of Canterbury, who
was to meet a number of (leadsmen and others, to
form the procession at the Swan Inn, Stockwell.

A YROMANIT CAVALRY MAN.—OR Saturday night,
at Pinchbeck Races, a man named Abraham Ullyatt, a
butcher, of that place, having lost some money, and ba
lug half drunk, Uesine so maddened with his loss and
liquor, that, after other outrageous actions, he rode at
fall speed amongst a crowd standing near the Bull pub.
lie house, exhibiting some military miniatures, st
Menehester, to the great danger of the heads and 'boul-
ders of his neiglsboon. He at length knocked do*u
and trampled upon a poor old man, fractured his skull.
mutilated his face, and closed his eye (for the sufferer
had but one) most shockingly. Mr. Jennings, surgeon,
of Spalding, who happened to be in Pinchbeck as the
time, afforded prompt assistance to the poor fellow, bat
he lingered until Monday night in a state of insensibi-
lity, (blood almost continually running. from his aorsx,"
when he expired. Ullyatt was taken into cute*, to
await the verdict of the Coroner's Inquest. A ve*y re-
spectable Jury wu summoned, and they sat from an
early boor on Tuesday morning until ten o'clock at
night, when a verdict of Manslaughter' was retained
against the offender, and the Coroner, (Samuel Edwards,
Gent.) immediately hued a warrant for his committal
to Lincoln Castle, to be tried at the ensuing Anis/I.
(Sll'6B/(0d News.)

•
,•;

~;
