tHE

'ATE.SSIA N.

CITY ELRCTIOX.

MEETING OF 7YIE FRIENDS OF S. C. WHI7'-
DRE,ID, EZQ.

The bnetle commenced at an early hour in the morn-
ing, and before eleven o'clock Guildhall was complete-
ly tilled with persons anxious for the Candidates to
make their appearance. The Committee Rooms, in
King-street and Cateaton-street, displayed their banner
belonging to the respective Candidates; and every thing
gave token of a must contest. The walls conti-
guous to the Hall were also covered with placards. with
• Waithman and the Purity of Election." Wood, the
Friend of Justice and Humanity." " Thorp and the
Constitution," ace.
At ten minutes after twelve Alderman Corti' entered
the Hall, and proceeded to the Council Chamber. On
his appearance Ise was assailed with loud hisses and tip-
roar. The Hall was now cleared, in order that none
but Liverymen might he present.
(In Alderman Wood's passing up the steps, he was re-
ceived with loud applause, and'" 11 ood for ever," echoed
through the Hall. The other Candidates were also
noticed with mark.; of approbation as they passed in
sitcres.ion ; and the Hall rapidly filled %ill' Liverymen.
A few minutes before this the Lord Mayor situ She-
riffs entered the flail, and immediately proceeded In
the hustings, when the C Crier read the metal
Proclamation. Fpots openint, the business of the
Election at the busting's; on its conditsion, his Lord-
ship and the Sheriffs retired to the Conned
At twenty minutes after unr, the Lord Mayor and She-
riffs were seen coming flown the steps.
Sheriff Rts root LI, note addressed the Livery to the
fulluaing effect:-1!:• trusted every person is:oul.l be
heard with eateleser, !et their political opinions be what
they may.—(Applaitse.)
Nhrttif PARKINS said his colleague had left nothing to
observe, lint he nutild as t impartially himself. ant he
would endeavour that every our else .hustle'.—(flear
I'he Luau NIATOK now rattle fOrtaril 311.1 said, in le&
fering himself as a Candidate for their notice. he I.ad
much rather speak of any person but himself. He bad
been a Magistrate for eight years. and Isis rittiJiict it
that capacity was well known to them. Shuttle' he be re-1
turned one of their Representative,, they might depend .11
that his eunelnet shoal.' be independent.-(Appian.
Sir W.CCIITIP.-1 come before yost again, ante
ing the honour of representing yon in six sum
Parliaments.—(lt won't do—otf, off—and a most
fel clamour.)—He had been called tip's, a most es
able body of the Livery to fill the high station at
Representative. For 'himself, he uns tired of
life; bet his principles and his polities were well ,
to them.—(Ton well.)—A man upon these nem
must be tried upon every thing, both patine'
private.—(llooting.)—They had heard of a " Tal
Tub," and a pretty tale it was. Whatever hat.
printed in Parliament ur published out of it respeei the depressed state of the commerce and
the Orphan Fund, was wrung and false. %Vas it ire of this once happy country—the increased
expected that he was to take the responsibility of .—the aggravated and overwhelming distress
a deficiency whirls had occurred slitting tlse time mails so many dimes of the community. tie-
redeemer? No one was inclined to say any gt solemn consideration of the whole body of the
hine—(Cries of " Von never did any gooll.")—His ,f the United Kingdom, and of none more par-
duct on the Corn Bill was independent, but he !hen of the Freeholders of thie important me-
branded by all parties, and even Ministers joined county.
Alderman Wool% in addressing the. Livery, tele ln his'ileplorable state of things, tending direct-
that be offered himself again as a candidate, Ir ert all social order, and to de ~,,, ratite the people,
that he had discharged his duty. He hail been fail to discover cause aad ; and while-we
theta fur four years; and he hail no lightener to operaL.
10. _ a taxation PO utterly beyond our thought, and
on the minds of the Livery; and al•liongli he had used ! a debt for which tile productive industry of the country
much of his time in attending to his public duties, yeti fur age* to mem has been tuortrged, we feel that, its
he was amply repaid by the h IBA re returnedigh situation they returned to Parliament an avowed
placed him on th 4 last poll, and he hoped they would! r'e system so pernicious, we have ourselves
do so again.—(Loud applause.) tthi Ara-ant-es of whit:4 we complain.
AlJertnan Tuoser, in a neat speech. said, that 446, owl, al *velment eowey,
Anon,. So the latest moment Col his life, reflect with' to pltuding storm which now threatens its
pride and pleasure on the conduct of the Livery, in re- dest e, ns choose for our Represeivatives in Par-
turning him one of their representatives in Parliament. liatnen such men alone as will check the career of an
He was: fur reform, reonorny, and retrenchment ; and he Administration whose measures of foreign policy are
though the Liberty of the Press hail suffered severely founded till any thing hut British principles, and whose
by the late Arts of Parliament. He trustee' they would plane of domestic government are it: open violation of
again return him as one of their Representatives.—
(Applause.) i our *arm' Constitution,
4. That to obtain the redress of our grievances, to
Alderman WAITHMAN observed, that the Livery were restrain the esserrasing influence of the Crone, to re-
called upon to exercise one of their most important
store the country to its wonted vigour, we ran only
privileges—that of exercising the right between liberty wok for
remedy in the Reform of the Commons House
and 'slavery. It was also a day of serious, examine- of Parliament, in a full, free, and fair representation of
lion to those Members, to give an termini of their the people.
conduct. He was there ready to answer any questions : S. That the Meeting is of opinion, that in electing
which might Ise put to him. Calitutnies of :20 years
S. C. Whitbread, EMI. the above objects will be strongly
bad been reaped op to injure his character ; but how
&demoted as far as he is individually concerned. The
feeble that rause must be, which st lin need of snrh ardent but steady patriotism of his lamented father, noel
aid. He trusted the Livery would not sill 't to such the zeal and alacrity evinced by himself on this aces-
degradation.—(Xo, no.)—(le did tint solicit a seat stem, warrant the conclusion that the :lame of 11'hit-
for himself; and he hoped there was too much spirit bread will again be funnel defending the people's best
among the Livery than to suffer any person to he tight, „Li dearest interests.
thrusted upon them as a Representative. He had 6, That thi' Meeting neither expert nor won't' allow
been told on his canvass, by many persons, they were Mr. Whitbread to saerifire his personal ease and hide-
nnder an influence that they could not give him their pendent., by hazarding his private fortune in a contest
suffrages.—(Applanst .) ' undertaken at their solicitation, for public not private
Wr. T. WiLeox was addressing the Livery when sdr„tage. They, therefore. earnestly recommend that
we left the flail. a pnhlie subscription should Ise opened for the patinae.
of defraying the necessary expenses of WI election.
The greatest confidence and enthusiasm prevail among
the Members of the Consist who have already re-
ceived many flattering testimonies of support. A hese
tleraan of Ethridge has communicated his intention of
bringing forward sixty voters, and another has anony-
mously signified his intention of supporting Mr. Whit-
bread with fifty votes.

-- ,
A highly reffpectable Meeting of the Freeholders of
the County of Middlesex, assembled this day at the,
Freemasons' T , fires' Queen-street, for the purpose'
of adopting measures to facilitate the Election of S. C.
Whitbread, Esq. as one of the Representatives for the
said County.
Mr. MARTIN took the Chair at half-past one o'clock.
The I'HAIRMAN unwed, that the Requisition of the
.Freeltohlers to Mr. Whitbread be read, together with 1
the answer of that tientleinan.
, A copy, however, of the Requisition not being in the
room, the reading of it was dispensed with, on the pre-
sumption that every person present Was acquainted
with its contents.
Mr. Newman proposed the first Resolution, which
was carried stnani ttttttttttt
Sir F. BURDETT rose, previous to moving the second,
. and said, it was many years since he had the honour
of addressing a Meeting of the Freeholders of Middlesex.
lie had been induced to attend this Alerting on the sup-
position that Mr. Whitbread, with %limo he was not
• personally acquainted, would prove himself a supporter
of it principles: he hail been further induced
to attend on account of his dislike of the public
Ortraeter iii Mr. Mellish. 'floe Freeholders of Mid-
dlrsen had now the opportunity of getting rid of a
Member who had uniformly and consistently enough
eepperiell measures, which, if not neiverdally deprecated,
were at least co.olentnett by a very large portion of theta.
The Wor:by Baronet here read tor. second Resolution,
end made some continents rot the ruinous effects of the

late war, and of the system pursued by tiovernment.—
Onr limits are too comined to give his speech at •
le„,,h.
~..
(.51.
Mr. Itn tern , fan* the movirimif Ow third
Wino, bratty z, .• ittn4fpillOty of grievan. F
whit e lot . . Voir exposed. Er 17
~4P I s ts •oc
- , trace their causes. lie
•
i t many, Wherileriebt **di from the ex-
. -.so
. .r; rraif things. and otheri, *ha cared not
their neighlionr•s slifieritiTs if their own affArs
' --lid he indifferent upon such a question.—
was a large majority of the country now
I aim') .arli a roam. The worthy Oentles'
v.ritarke.l with much hnmonr upon the
which markeil the ronduct of one of the ir Re.
or (Mr. Mellish) when hie seat was secure, and
ie came before them to solicit his re-election.
iaining Resolutions were proposed in the pro-
and passed unanimously. The following is a
of them; two others related to the " appoint-
'reasurers and Bankers" to receive the sub-

SOUFHIVAUK

The Election of two Metnbers of Parliament to rem-
sent this Borough, came on this morning. A little before
twelve o'clock, the three Candidates, Mr. Celvert, Sir
Robert Wilson, and Sir Thomas Turton, together with
the High Bailiff, arrived on the hustings, stall were re-
ceived, with the exception of the last Candidate, with
thunders of applause.
The Clerk read the Speaker's Warrant.
Mr. Calvert was then proposed by Solomon Davis'
anil seconded by Mr. Ellice.
Sir Robert Wilson was proposed by Mr. George
Weatherson, seconded by Mr. Hitchcock.
Sir Thomas 'Porton was proposed by T. A.Shuter, Esis
and seconded by Mr. Hedger, amidst the loudest clamour
of disapprobation.
Mr. CA Lemur being first proposed, entered into a de.'
fence of his late Parliamentary conduct. Sit Roster
Wtisom did the same, and was received with shouts of
applause; but it was impossible to hear a word uttered
by Sir TIIOIIAS Tcwrom's friends, the hissing and
groaning were so great.
The Hum BAILIFF then put it to the show of hands,
and declared Mr. Calvert and Sir Robert Wilson to be
the returned Member's; a poll was then demanded by
Sir Thomas Turton. _

JURY COURT, EDlNBritGli.

Two trials of considerable importance took place on
Monday an I Tuestloy last in the Jun• Court.

The questions arose out of the overturn of a stage
Indeth at Airdrie, by which an individual received con-
siderable injury. The accideut WAS occasioned priori,
pally by !duties having been laid down on the road, (or
the purpose of building a house; and the proprietors of
the coach brought an action of relief against the road
trustees, who again held the proprietor of the house
' for having hilt down these stoney.
On the first issue, the Juicy found, that as the stones
were laid down within fifty yanls of the inn at Airdrie,
the master of which being one of the cos,li proprietors,
' they held that he was culpable of negligence in permit-
ting such a nuisance to be laid down in the road of his
coaches. The damages were laid at 5411.11., but were as-
-1 seined by the Jury at 1W
On the second issue, after a pointed and most distinct
charge Ohm the Judge, the Jury found, that it was the
ditty of the road trawl to prevent the practice of laying
down building stones, or any other nuisance, withre the
-limits of the road, which extended from fence to fence,
and sot to the metalled part of the road only, as asserted
hy the trustees; and with regard to the builder. it was
the opinion of the Jury, that as the practice was tole-
rated by custom, he could nut he Homed for availing
himself of that 'privilege; although the trustees had oo
right to grant it, and ought to have prevented it.
A bill of exceptions was tendered by the Counsel for
the trustees against the conclos.ons of the Judge in his
charge to the Jury ; hut if his charge be sustained, this
decision will render it necessary for rind trustees gene-
rally to be ouch more particular than they have hitherto
been where buildings are erecting on the sides of roads.

Sir H. Raiford went dowo to Clifton on Thin*.
day last, and returned to town on Saturday, which has
gleets rise to a report that a house has been taken there
for the reception of his Majesty, by Sir Henry.
Deet.s..—.l meeting •ook place yesterday morning in
a field between the third and fourth mile-stone on lb.
Kilburn-road, between Captain H—n—n and a Mt.
B—r—e, which arose in fonsequence of the litter hay-
ing imputed to the Captain ungentlemanly conduct to-
wards his sister. The first shots missed, and in the ac-
cord fire, the ball of Mr. B.— passed through his ad-
versary's are below the elbow.
A duel took place in the Phoenix Park, Dublin, yes.
terday se'nnight, between Mr. (Tilton, one of the young
officers of the unfortunate expoktion to South America,
and Colonel Lyster, of D'Evereux's Legion. The par-
ties discharged four pistols each, when the seconds re-
fused any longer to act, and the principals quitted the
ground without a reconciliation being eted. Colossal
Lester was slightly grated by three of the balls.
A man of rank is said to be in custody tor forgieg
three bilks of £6,000 each on a banking-boom

Mr. Hausa took his seat yeatemay, for the first time.
at the Public Other, Bow-street. as Chief Magistrate;
scut his first art was signing a warrant for the arrest of
a person charged with High Treason.

ins;.) pored, woes
re hay- Yet there
.cessir ermined
tlera n then
retire. reser *
of thci stir(
Fahll ‘" that ht
known fir rents
Tasions r. a
is and iti
de of a Ti
id been inns.
p"ell"et • . 1. That
r to Sgricultnre
rtlooa discontent—
'__ ,of hi hich usa
uou ° and the PI
4i' Fleetorauf
Ile Ivaa ticnlarly th
"" it. trorlitan e
tservoi. That 11
rustinK lytostthrer
before
°Priat" Anlore a t
