•LigiiON AND CADIZ MAILS.

, . .
• (kw( I E aloes 3HART OF OCTOBER 10.]
Hea44loatleT, Ciaa•a, 181 t.
• • ORDER OL9 THE DAY.
With the greatest pleasure his Excellency. Mar-
shal Beresford, Conde de. Trancosa, orders to be
transcribed in this Order, for the information of. the
Army, a royal letter, which he has had•the honour
of receiving from his Serene Highness the Prince
Regent, our Lord.. It is always pleasant to his
Excellency to have to express to the Portuguese
Army hi 3 approbation of its conduct, and still more
agreeable at being able to show his Asatisfactioo,
and. giving. it the • thanks of its ;..Prince, • who
never ceases watching over the conduct of.his army,
and taking the most lively interest 410 Arty tfting
width concerns it. 'His Serene Highness is desirous
of recompensing it for the Cervices it has performed,
as well as each indiiidual of. whOnt it is composer),
in proportion to his merit. - The Portuguese officers
and soldiers will remain satisfied at being inform-
sd, that their services are known, and appreciated
by their excellent Prince, who is greatly pleased
at seeing that his Portuguese are what their Iwo,-
tors were, when the country called upon ti:cin for its
• defence.

- Corr OT THE ROYAL LETTER. .
" Coate de trauma, of ray Gowcf, Marihal Conunankitltof
say Re3at Aral.
44 FRAN the Prinee Regent, send to yen
greetiogY as one whom I love.
" Learning, to my particular satisfaction, the in-
teresting intelligence of the glorious and.- important
conquest of the Fortress of Badajos, which does such
bonouCtu the victorious arms of the Allied Army,
and haring before me an official Dispatch from the
Govorniws of the Kingdom, a ,copy of that which on
the occasian you addressed to the Secretary of Go-
vernment; which I have read with the most lively
interest and satisfaction, I cannot refrain from cou-
gratuliting with you on the brilliant lustre which
say troops have acquired io this brilliant' action.—
Their idlour, discipline, and 'firmness, which so
greatly distinguished them, and merited your praise,
forms at the same time the eulogium of the worthy
General who organized and taughtthem how,tagain
the laurels with which they are covered.
" I therefore cuiii.,ratulate you, and on this outs-
eon renew my thanks, and especially charge you to
thank* In my name the General Officers, Officers, and
Soldiers of 'my Army, for their worthy and very-ex-
cellent conduct,which they evinced on this dangeroas
and brilliant undertaking, assuriug them, at the same
Croft, of my special and particular consideration, and
of the attention I will pay to reward such signal ser-
•vices. Thus you. will understand and
~.PIi,INCE.

ci wrilten in l'ir Politer of Rio Janeiro,
Jul. 4. 1812. .
- 6' To Coo,le De Truncosa." .
INFANTcs, AUG. 22.—The Superior Junta of the
Province of Mancha, highly grateful to the Dike of
Ciudad Bodrigo, whose incessant victories have ac-
celerated the conclusion of our oppressitlrestaeett'
to address to him the follow I,e,itert.:-.'"_ .
44 Fact:T.l,aq Sr4fra,- -_;:atitude Wag one or the
firstrirlon of the Spanish Nation, it Genie but be
due from this Superior Junta of the-iPtovitice, in
terms of the most sincere gratitude, to lifter to your 1
Excellency the tribute of their admiratiohand respect.
Deign to receive our most cordial felicitations upon
your triumphs and victories, which entwine the glOOl
Of your Excellency with the inconceivable benefits al
our liberty; possessed entirely with the ideas of plea-1
sure which these days offer us ; viewing with horror
•f
the captivity from which your ElcellettCy freed this;
generous. province, nothing would Ippear impossible .
to the wishes• of its inhabitants to show to 'the Hero I
the great gratitude of their hearts. .
"Jhe blessings of Heaven cover tad protect the
ntulertakiu,s of your Excellency, ittidthezainie.ef the i
generous and illustrious Nation who delfryou to us, ;
to redress our fgrievatices."- - - t11i44%' "'*"' - 1
• •
Sr. J.sto; OCT. 6.—The Spanish lidttaileo, called
the Constitution, composed of 1,500 nip, marched
from Corunno on the .4.d.itist. iii the direction of Cas-
tile.
Fifteen hundred English. did the same, after,
/mine visited Elvina Mountain, where the brave'
Moore died, and Lord Dalhbusie malsettg over his,
tomb an energetic midress to the soldiers.;,, ..„ . , 1
Lt iiitrq, OCT. 13.—0 n the 3d instant, Ballasteros:,
was still in Granada, with the troops he had with hint,
and those which the four kingdoms of the Andalusias. ;
mere to foreish, must, in less than two mot:ths, forret
an amy of 50;000 men. There
.are continually ar.-1
riving at Seville recruits, &e. which are sent to Lost
rot las tot:be'there clothed, armed, and disciplined,,
• already. temoitnting to 5000. '. i
'lle "Pelegeofo Purtuguet, of the lOill cf October,
after taking a rapid view of the events which have
occurrAlh the Peninsula during the resent year, Cadiz, Sept.2l.
thus concludes:—" Sonit, .:Itichrt, unit Jourdan's ! • •
••- • •
united trier* will at most consist of 65,000. men ; the . A Gentleman art ifeil
_from Kilkenny,- has far-
.Angt.o-Steitirtn.expeditirnii; .tlnt army of Ihillasteros, ~wished the fOlkowingdescriptiot of the Black .Abbey,
' with ail the parties which, from Andalysia, jam, i where theantuptoouCtatholic Dinner was on Thurs.
(-; .-anadx; and Murcia, are gui'bg to uttite ; E:io, wi:lt i day given to 400 gueits :—Tiiisspacious apartment,
ti.e army -which is in !Vlurcia, Ville. Campo' Entpe- HI feet in ledgth,' by 'lG,' feet in breadth, was lined
citiado, MP411114 Abbad, rind many Olhers; General i on the sidei with greylinize, and on. the top with..
gin, whotittneW lir ..kranjuez, with the troops.ivhich White; ATP tables ran tfie whole length, and one th.
were iri Siteillai an English division of those wader the hie theOppefitia, al-Which the Dukes. of Devon.'
gornmand isf the Great Lord, with the division of Ge- shire and Lehister, the. fart of Beshorough, and.
. •
sera' Espenaosugmented by 4000 men, as Madrid is.' many ether -NOblenten and priucipal Gentlemew,.
free, willat least form 65,000 men, whp..are sufficient were to bo entertaitifd. On Tuesday evenitigjilst
to cover.briadrid. Ott the other hand, this. Great, fat becks were sent itt and oo •Weduesderstsoreitel,'
Lord Ohl OW/ WI Citstie of Liortaip,44:Altiv- .12 large-totbuts; -• • . , ........4. .., •v-
- y• • -I.s.h„'" s•-`• lit.

a' '

• ,

4.1 •

lid, all doubt
. giati,,,io,..lteerfpge.ttlylice.hre;piel.itetscesto.o,if)saforroC.Otehiptt:l;t4ahreed37ptriobactticigho:
e , •
--- • •• 1 •
.-LivElpden, ictEc,-nosv. t7iyDtlie.
TO Ult. JOHN GekparuNg, OF LIVERPOOI,... •
are,if not the backbone, the basis of the backbone'
• Siit,—l !we jest read a speech delivered by you holden. of, Bede articles, who, bay.'
.1 of Ilverpoel. A peace might. air paha to some
eat
from a• coach:boa, in which you Wish to be Canal-
.; tiered as the humble representativeet Mr. tarsetec, Merchants, who, I. hope, "peg hoe
So i the sake of their country; audit certainly would give
e
"—' as but like the shadow of the substance." . ~..-f I. little for
I. far as the shadow is justly Observed' to arise from the • bread to some millions, open wliciee.fe.• after all
the fate of this country must elope
' interception of light, no one can be less disposed..
I pierce, you say, mist be presse • d 1
i coerce, 1 say, must first be restored With than lam to question this representation of your.ecle'''' Our corn.
etitution of legitimate commerce, It is hoped that
self. In any other view, little sfs I respect the sub- p•ve , : a our COM-
I the general character of our Merchants may b
it
tell you
eynotretrni:otf
this
1 stance, it surely never couldyroject--such a shadow. . the re.
IFrom the following samples of your style the reader i retrieved from a base degeneracY. , Who •
will concur with me, 'in urging the revision of your Intake light of our sufferings, and the hung of the
people, for so it appears to me, by 01 ''
You call
„ an
1 speeches, before • you again thrust yoirsolf upon.tha •
ibrave army and their privations,
was the cant used by itoarsrixene, wiliiiestichootint•rays
1 public : • '
tearing and convulsing, and consuming
1 .
" The trade in :question (the license trade), and
with misery and famine and civil .broils. I am
.lotnewoafsthootenlyve.
dlecetiwpatsioentehntorkßeodAnpiAt.i'i'
E,
who i for perseverance without enquiring after,the means,
would trample es- under his feet; was his power !end Ay, that it is aby stichfruitthi the Victories of
equal to his inclination." I Trafalgar and Salamauca that our eon:Dies are best to
;know and respect us."
I
don; say, is rather a shambling angalovenly combine.
" Did you now hear from Mr. CANNING'S lips,"
land finally,This, like the rest of what
" you will see Mr. •CANNYNG, who (on I
the East India question) wag not applied to by one,
beseechyou Mr. J. QLADSVINE,BIIOIIIr tee, just tol I I
but by all - and . every deputation." How, in the i askyou, if the victories are themselves the fruits7.prae
name of street Tipperary, a man who was not ap. ' —Ply tell me, do tell the, where are the• fruits of
plied to by one deputation, could be applied to by I victory? ' Where are we to find, •or even' to look
ell, and every deputation, lam wholly at a loss to i for them, Have you let the thing fairly out, and
. do you mow openly coufess, that, after tee •
conceive! And this am all deliberately written and r d - • - isepeude
„ ture 0 hipi reds of thousands-of lives, and hundreds
most rigorously; examined! Even as a wanton lof millions of money, We have '
I • we 5,111., ". to tf ado,
1 ow. figurative embellishment, the stumbling vivacity': the enemy to know end to respect us?" The ZPai of
!of Tipperary itself must. yield to the gross and 'a new toured is proverbial; end, therefore, I shall
corpulent. combinations of Leith. • I now come to
,p
I ,ass over those ,eloquent end teuchiiig fidurisbes—
the good . old loyal town of Liverpool, Gird of
your declarations, for there is no pretensions to rect.: good old and most excellent • No. " Pray -Mr,
soningdeclarations which have been ten ••1 ,
•. . . made Olifil GxansTONE is not this the utean jargon of boy.
times-eve!, end tee times better, by other oratorisers, alists by profession—is it a iubstitute, foes certifi.
i who had not the benefit of writing their s•peeches be. 1•40
tee= isit getting into a new einployment without a
We., or the power of writing them. after delivery.—; certificate frlom the last place? ['uric:ant! sinners ca.
; terwatiling!. I find it difficult to beseriotis W ithyeu, for
-Yoe are " .for a peace (the very words have been
iused b'b . y hundreds), founded in the conviction of out. teaat • f
I I. only notice you as a medium of conveyance to read
..: tention o my country toimteessi.eiteation, end to
enemy, that we.,possess the means of protecting,our avert the increaSing misery. of the, lean of Liver-
' just rights." Pray, Mr. JOHN GLADSTONE) what pool, by endeavouring to establish liiihe hearts of
have we been struggling for the last twenty years, I the Freemen, ItiPENTA NG, forteiiat it past—a tee!-
: but to Impress the enemy with this conviction ; and, I ing to which they are not iostri feeling which . hey
lately most seosibly evinced, byeterreffing a proiys.
• if our means have been iitaufficients I most humbly
sion, destioecl to betokeu joy, into a silent- •ceno if
, ask of you, Mr. Jona ceedissooe, whence are 'we the most expressive z.lef, disappointment, and affiiN
to derive additional means?. Is it by shutting up the lion ! It is fit • that some of their h• Acts shouldbe
ports of the enemy stgaiuitgagatrals, and openings our wrung. Your new friends are_
'nest welcome to
ports, by licence, to the enemy, From what autho- !their triumph, and to their eloquent, enlightened,and
most disinterested acquisition—conspicuous a if 4
rities, adjudicatioes; or beaks, if you have read any,'
them unknown amongst us. I give you'll joy upou
prospects o . leive
do you derive the doctrine of such a practice ? And 1 the reviving f . /fool ~eaturadas tit-
'-ey
what is this license work, in which you avow your- are by the known political info* .of Gascovos;
self a trafficker, bet an unrelenting slop against and the equally, the too Well knew, politic?! imeglty
' neutrals, and a dispensation, from its rig Ours to the lof Caromed; How'ivell boor liiy fel dile,. will go
enemy, bolstering up the mere• shadow of our con- ~, I What down—.how merrily your ptffil:c call eejmythgii con
hat comfort they adminieee 'to •'.e starting !bugs
merce, and breaking the backbone of our honest ma- sands, whose last hopes have dee% exti hed by oar
nufacturieg, shipping, and mercantile inte'reetv? You I confirmed relations of war wito Ame. tea! To whom
: soy " our enemy is not to be impressed with a con- }are the accents orPeace to beeddreesed? ily whom
•iction of our means, by abandoning the carrying are the prayers of the Poefee, for conciliar em ~.0
trade of the world—by giving op our invaluable mad, America, to be urged
? By whim are their revue.
z.,ht* a strinces to be vindicated ? Tcewhoni are we to apply
time right—by surrendering
t° France the `7"-* - I for the extinction of avowed.au4. recorded-catnip.
opening her ports, and through the medium of Arne- I tions ? Is it intlieaterrible,, is AtjacobinioslOs it,
rican bottoms, carrying on en exteesire trade with I:Mr. Joan Gx.tosioritt; a kidling disposition, to
, every. quarter. of the .• world." You, however, I ask to, have our eisentrygoveined by those priori.
would deprive the neutral •of all legitimate trade i pies upon which the Constitution itself is founded
'
and commerce with .his friends, that you may ;How long do you think the :country is to
.be gulled by the jargon, the . slavish • cant of
.-tra4e, by. licence; with the enemy, and •espe.
; modern loyalty, and , the Joyalty of an en.,
cially with those cotintries under the influence of ; educated, and impudent apostate? Wbat is this
• the enemyo-4. trade mixed up with fraud and per- ! loyalty but to take liberty from the people, tied to
jury. No oaths, you - say, are required. Indeed! give power to the Minister ? ' ithitie no desir-re re..
• wive in your mind unpleasant recollections, poi.
are there no oaths upon the delivery of simulated ,
would I stoop to notice you, or your speech, had I
papers ; or is it less horrible .to pay a poor wretch.
... I.neftiobterSobjects in view. L wish to teach, my coon-
for false swearing, than to take a faixo "matt *Dy ; try its dUty, my friends their interest, 'Rad my Ml.'
way of compensation for .the carrying trade, you ' drew their grammar. You have puotaed j °welt
give up your ,direct trade with neutrals, and the ' upon the public, and I have a right to make use of
great and numerous indirect • tents he Procured for 1 you. May I now trouble you with it few goiest.o•i.:
your •
Sproduce .and . manufacturei !--You talk '• to whickyoer silence will entitle yeu to respect--ka
:. .1
' which your inability may entitle: yen toronv e,icar:
mere . goose*, .when you talk of surreinie ring s L
i a aseYou, Sii,Je the face of y our cooler) one voosil'i
to France the right of opening her own ports ; even upon the accision of the.e,leettion which ha: just
. .. .
for what is this, but surrendering to others a right
.1 passed' over hr funeral pemp-4. sly, diti„yea as ~e±.l
. *fa • and support and
which they .never ceased to possess i and upon ; elweiyfroxself:•a frieuati Re t!n.,
' the mew whoeit hie foci. eigitnst if ?. gave you
1 the known and avowed spirit. of the public law dm:
! ' not clierged with leveliiiio peisitipleii,•'ayik.ty- with
(if you know what that was) can only be affected hyl ,•
*bent' you had been .eulteil all. •life-?••tt youliad
that power which is inherent in themselves. Yod • - .4.- . I' ~ •
i ocil-station, dr force of ckerscter (*.Wends, ewe in
say, that peace with France, in the present strife of ' theliorough, so.' tench 'honoured, by eoar residence,
I the world (what 4. short.descriptiowof every thine); l 'tis bestial] disfinguiShed•iel tWi fratli.. was i! in?et
I YOn.are bold _enough- (tetty...l addle toll silty enoughyeto,ikialame
—Woo, lotrteps-,...retedT or accompli hmen.s,
I' • ' %nisch ilaced • Mlrr luferiorityunder a just respee.i ?
to say, is not to be expeCted,!!!:-Lls'it to be ex- ,I• - . • . .. .k •_,., .
. , , 'was tee shauete.e quiet far your temper—coo cneer
pected, when the counts it lit a worse state; or de
less for your view,. ,tot, imundleit for youllirgres?
i you, aye, even you imagine, that the general state Mr. C.'s oppoSitien.4o /face!' is oottly accounted for.
of the country will be improved by the chance af: jt iii!•6,6 result of all theseaetiouaotich make all the
forded, through licences, to desperate speculator,he
greetreekOning otitis finiilie:4fe, whether ieellicc ort
I • ' • ••
tumult of it.-:-.lltEfto seiSyhdln that cunning which
and neutral ship-owners, of repairing their owe
... liert-le oppottt'alrestablished rule of
broken. fortunes, or sustainint theiriotterinecreelit blast P."O !------
-• • • .• representation, .• whop rleo • sure (*eviction; that,
Iby a little swagger, and that too, 'at the exiles°,
, ,- ..- 1 /without the rale; the,de.via.tioo itself- cannot be esta-
Writk the,,certain loes,' of those ;,, ki,
tettioe—these solaces of uniiersal'intiosiry,::Which !,-.
' v4oat'essiye"*e*l's-t4 blislietf. ' 'Neff is no incoesisttuicy to .the charge
_ . of *bleb( a- retieWeili:t!ve of: Ihe ireple does • not
if* the deience of; sistieg cot-
Ilford .occupation and. breed to the great- mass ?r, clearly expose hiritie .
~,...r)
I,(7him
in
tlet,
eer population ?e--A.. Anna' 'Min Would` find it ' tulltions• .To call 0011 the p•'.. opt . t(1.,;.1,' ,t wlien
.... .
' ' : efforts isponstrour. The period , lio I . _ _
difficult, and you ertil . Intl Itimpossible, 0 •- - • little .. peet ••ett and refr-sted
- _, .... „. 1 the Doe*. at„ snore• en To. e-• .
prove, even to : a • t Wow - understanditeg,, thag,: byta`•-tve;elitn
rest cC misery, will view the act Kits' all •
the policy which bringis the -IhiPping and seatpeq, mucifbate tt horror as they would an invocation
of of France, daring war, into activity, is founded in : to the Drifillittitso to alter the se„ttlecp )1
tder 0
smith;
wise or patriotic views, or in any views, except views •tare: Admirible, high-mettled loy_aity• . 1.. ur
I its.
of base lucre. You desire .substantial, .not viSion- sympathies of the nation against its own eite.mo,„.!
ary, peace-.'and 114:n does riot ?, But the horrorrof it directs the spirit.of- the people. tigainse.thmr u..
'visionary peace art nothing in the blessings of sub,- rights; it, makes the-blcod.course In our veins ac•
. t
' stantial-war, espetially When there is a • substantial cording to the bidding of a-Mini:ten! As the it'lh
reason for it.; What Was the peace of Amiens ? The 'Honours:bi-? -Gentinii.tu did not attack,, . ~the virtue'
npt with coward
;distrust „of the enemy,Nol. Sir. '.1011,4 ULAD4TOrre, the talents of the deafer, or •attei . ,
' the fresh wounds, or to
every sea was Crowded with his ships. The treacherous ••prudence, to 'lacerate.
e.
purpose of iitvasiiiii—Nu! Mr: J. Gl.aosrosx, not - trample upon-the expiring feelings, of the erfroarc-
tion of his mime
one hostile keel , was laid upon the stocks.. Our -wave, I ask his pardon for the.mee
maritime rights you would Maintain. Bravol Bist....isa 4 letteF.,addresseCto Tot.
where exists•the power to shake our firmness, tette rolioded,4y horrors, Misfortunes, sur•
would •havo.feu nd sympathy in
add to your,terrors ?—I do' not know, inclied. Ido thebreast even of an :.ordinary inansterrb 1
ut have
got; got; Mr, Jogs, G4,05201E2 1. that it troisid • thike • dipttidel-I pause to si*b over the fallen. and degrade°

LONDON:
SATCRD4E, OCTOBER 21, ISM

Paris Papers were received last night to the 18th
inst. containing the TWENTY-SECONO BULLETIN of
the French army, dated Moscow, the 27th ult. and
there are also letters of the 30th, which will be
found very interesting. In these accounts NAPO-
LEON has not transmitted any communicatiou respect-
ing his plan of condocting the campaign ; but is busi-
ly employed in organising the new form of Govern-
inept for Moscow, and seemingly with as much com-
posure as he would regulate the affairs of Ms own fa-
mily. The French army are cantoned in that city, and
huts are building for their accommodation—it appears
they have p'enty of previ►ions of all kinds, and have
discovered several magazines of sugar, furs, &e. as
well as many ether valuable elfkts, in the cellars
which had escaped the fury of the flames. The Rus-
sian army had retired upon the Kalouga and Toula ;
the latter place is 112 miles south of Moscow, and
contains the greatest manufactory of arms in
Russia. The French advanced-guard is upon the
I'ikra, which we suppose means Pocroo, about 60
miles from Moscow•.

The Times and Post of this day, are quite elated
•ith joy at the meagre Bulletin, and would have us
believe that NAPOLZON is eau:4l in a trap at Mos-
cow, from which he cannot escape. The Post is ra-
ther the most sanguine of the two, and expresses
Its joy in the following language :-
44 The intelligence from Russia which we yester-
day had the happiness to communicate to our Rea-
ders, was such as cannot have failed to elate every
honest heart with joy and exultation. The EI4PEKOR
firm to his patriotic and magnanimous purpose ; the
unisemal Russian nation is in arms ; the merciless
Invader la in the heart of their Ere.,.;-, assailed on
all sides by unbroken and insinrit);e soldiers ; while
the enemy are reduoed to a mere defensive position
In the midst of the ruins of the desolated capital."
We shall forbear to make any comments opts this
paragraph, leaving it to our Readers to judge for
thew• ! -3.

The itussian peasantry in the province of Mos-
cow are beginning, even amidst scenes of carnage
and desolation, to enjoy a temporary glimpse of hu-
man sympathy ; and after ages of more than brutal
oppression, find themselves treated by their enemies
like humau beings—the hereditary chains of their
barbarous slaiery are, for a while, to be unrivettoti,
and they will be permitted to taste, though in a
qualified degree, some of the sweets of natural
liberty. Nothing but an invasion of their ter-
ritory could effect any alteration in the political
co.otitution of the ilussien Empire. The authority
of Atrx %MIER is supported by force, and acknow-
ledged through fear; and had he been able to protect
his arbitrary system, by a pacific policy with other
nations, he would have had main to apprehend from
any revolution or change taking place among the semi.
barbarians within the boundaries of his vast empire.
The very Constitution of his Government precludes
almost the possibility ill such an event, which, in-
deed, could only happen with the Nobles, as the
lower orders arc, like cattle ,transferred from owe eat
of owners to another; they weer the same tom-
*lion of slavery, and remain content with here-
dit°TY oppression; flee tioveteign's pleasure is their
law, and his combeds ire directed by the same autho-
rity. That law being established by precedent,
perpetuates their slavery witheot affording them any
prospect of change, or redress; and when one Ty-
rant is deposed, it is only to make way for another,
who rules them with the same despotic power. Un-
der the dynasty of the Czars, no sigightened rule of
thinking has been allowed to meads, or mend the
°Woos defects of the Government; every skeet of
;onius and improvement being subservient to the ea-
pricious will of the Autocrat. In such a state of habi-
tual subordination, the subjects never attempt to in-
dulge in desires which Government does Dot thick pro-
Per for them to gratify ; and it is probable thepotoold
bare continued iu the same torpid state of animal
silvery, and their chains have remained riveted for
'get, had not the pride, weakness, and folly of
ALEXANDER ,brought into his territories the 'Wiwi-
eus Legions of the Enesatoa of FaAncz, who ap-
Petrs to be a destined instrument in the hands of
I? rovideuce to chastise the nations of Europe.

—.4.--
TLe Malta letters state, Chet tlie 7%esdosie
schooner, Lieut. Yoomaxa, had destroyed s FrMid
pritatter of 18 gnus, at or sow Scio.
