TIIE STATESMAN

Member surely could not mean what he said. He was a
man of too much spirit to vote away the honour of the
country at all events. He (Mr. H.) fully agreed with his
lion. Friend (Mr. Macdonald) that nothing could he ex-
pected from the Congress of Verona, but a reiteration of
the same principles which they had promulgated before,
as expounded by the circular of the Right Hon. Gentle-
man's predecessor. For proof of this be need only re-
fer to the votes of that Noble Person, and the circular
issued from Troppau and Laybach. He remembered
well when military possession %VdS taken of Naples, the
lion. Member fur Yorkshire was amongst the foremost,
very creditably for himself, to express his disapproba-
tion. It vas then said that Spain could not be consi-
dered as having become obnoxious to the Allies, and it
was lint thought that her case would have formed any
part of the subject of their deliberations. But let the
House retnensher that, in theit declarations from Trop-
pau, they stated that they looked with the rune eye on
the revolutions of Naples, Spain, and Portugal, and
that they were going to hayhaell to deliberate upon the
affair of Naples ; and was it not foreseen that, of neces-
sity, they must have been impatient of the state of things
in Spain ? flaw seas it possible that they could enjoy one
•usometst's rest, as long as there was a free Constitution
existing in Spain ? The Monarchs were perfectly right,
upon the print 'pie of self-preservation. If Spain was free,
there %%a, sot end to the Holy Alliance. Abhorring as he
did the principles and tenets that governed them, he must
still say that, sccorili rig to the system which they recogniz-
ed they were fells coiled upon to suppress likerty,and every
violence to free principles, wherever they could find
them. Though the pretext for assembling the Congress
at Verona seas to take into consideration the affairs of
italv, yet t! ere was no man in Italy or the southern parts
of Entope, who thought that was to be the real subject
of discussion, fur how did the event turn out;—whet
teas the result? It was true there was a movement of
troops-4,11in Ans.riati soldiers left Naples; lint whi-
ther did they so ? Did they leave Italy ?—No ; they
merely crossed the Po, that they might he in readiness
to retort) again with the greater facility. Every body
knew that that Congress had met about the affairs of
Spain and Greece. He would do the Right Ilan. Gen-
11,m;in the justice Vi s.sy, that though lie might lie lilies
tato it in the real motive which caused the assembling of
the APiril Powers at Verona, yet he could tint be so
mach so, when they had broken up; for he firmly be-
lieved that when Congress had dissolved, there was no
prol•atility of a war. Indeed, so far Irons there being
any apprehension of that sort, lie hail reasons to know
that there was a general complaint among the officers of
the 31ini-ters that such was the result. Even an Aid-de-
Cater, of the Emperor of Russia complained, that after
being brought from the walls of Chins and Tartary, they
were to go back, without doing any thing, beraase the
Councils of Congress slid nut termi ewe in ear. However,
• this language made ho excuse for the Right Hon. lien-
tleman—indeed so little, that it only exaggerated the case
against him ; f when Congress broke up without the in-
teutson of war, it wou:d hate been infinitely more easy for
the Right lion. Gentleman to have prevented it, on circum-
stances afterwards assuming a warlike appearance, that if
the Congress lied broken up determined on a war. The
Right lloa. Gekilemsn, it now appeared could not prevent
the war, and why could he not prevent it ? because he was
battled by 11. e intr,gsies of a wretched Corsican adventurer,
who tile Salons des circiwercs, hositing.y bet that he
would compel the French Nlissister to go to war with Spain.
The part the Right lion. Gentleman ;sad to play in these ne-
aociations appeared to him to be the greatest and the most
important which a British Statesman had ever been called
upon to play. Speaking of the entrance of the Right lion.
Geutleman into office, and the brilliant career which was
men open to him as so English Minister, he knew that he
was treading oa cheerer adisise Moats, bee suss he must
necessarily contrast the policy which he pursued with that of
the late—he would say, unfortunate—Marquess of London-
derry, to whom he would not allude, but that death Canon-
Ufa ail but the errors of a statesman. And he had no heal-
union in stating. that the policy of that Minister was tile
most fatal to the interests of this country, that had been ever
adopted by a Betish Minister. lie could assure the House
that as far his experience of the feelings of the different
States of Europe went, he believed there was not a State
which did not look up he the Marques of Londonderry as the
principal cause of the chains which rivetted their slavery.
Whether they were right or wrong in that feeling he
would not say. lie mentioned the circumstance only to
show the advantages which the Right Hon. Gentleman
had in succeeding such a Statesman, and when he did suc-
ceed to the office of Foreign Secretary of State for Eng-
land, more hopes, more good wishes, never hailed the entry
of any British Minister on his entry Into office—he meant
from abroad, though he knew not how the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman collected such a halo of hopes around hint. How-
ever, immediately upon his appointment to office, confiding
in the high character which the Right lion. Gentleman had I
attained, the Milanese were inspired with new hopes—their
fears were dipelled—and they exclaimed, we now see an
Englishman disposed to favour the cause of liberty, filling
one of the highest offices in the State, and we hope that he
will not suffer himself to be surrounded by those men who
flu this ante-chambers of the Monarchs assembled at Con-
gress, or by those who only endeavour to deceive those
with whom they have intercourse, for the purpose of for-
warding the despotic views of their masters. in fact,
they estimated his character as that of an Englishman,
arid therefore believed that he would never consent
to separate himself from the people, and unite with
the Aided Sovereigns In the cause of oppression. This
was the feeling which he had expressed on the Right
Honourable Gentleman's appointment to office among ,
all who were rot tainted by their close affinity to Courts,'
with the infection of despotic principles. This appoint-
ment was hailed by all as an omen of better times, except
perhaps, by the retainers of Metternich, who, looking
upon it rather in the light of a grievance, exclaimed " we
have now got a Radical at the head of affairs."—(lfear,
hear.)—The same which was expressed of the Right
Hon. Gentleman in the southern States of Europe, had
pursued him even to Paris, and his appointment was there
bailed with the same hopes and the same wishes, except
by the Ultra faction, who held him up to execration, and
even something like contempt. Under these feelings,'
when lie heard the King's Speech on the opening of Par-
liament, he really did believe that we had got a Radical
at the head of affairs, and the language which the Right
Hon. Gentleman used at Liverpool and Harwich, in some
degree confirmed him In that opinion. However the Right
lion. Gentleman's conduct afterwards undeceived him,
and showed him how opposite his course of policy was to
the one which the bent of his own feelings would have
Prompted him to follow ; but he (Mr. H.) would at
any time rather be the the dupe of his own feelings,
than pursue a course which would expose him to
the execration of mankind. He did not think that
the Morgues of Londonderry would have acted as the
Right How unable Gentleman did. That Nobleman
• would, lie believed, have permed one straight for-
ward coarse, while the Right Honnurable Gentleman
appeared the friend of Spain, and as the test of his friends
ship, he would first make her degrade herself ; for be re-
collected that on the discussion for the Repeal of she Fo-
reign Enlistment Bill, lie (Mr. H.) stated that there was
a rumour abroad, that Lurd Fitzroy Somerset and Sir W.
A'Coart had proposed to the Spanish Government to mos
tiffs, the Constitution. Some said no, on that oeciision ;
bui however the Right Hon. Gentleman's Friends spokes
yet they said nothing. for kiln on that subject in contras
dietimh He was satisfied that Lord Londonderry, if lie
bad been at the Congress of Verona, and found the Al-
lied Powers delertnitied on a war with Spain, he would at
ante bare said, you are going to do that which is in di-
rect opposition to my own declaration, and it I consents I
shouhrbe oierhauleu before Parliament, and I must there-
fore. protrat at once,. not against the war—up ; but I'll go
home ininiediately-,--assemble Pariiitnientlay my state-
talent before it—tell the House of the policy. 'mew(' by
ether :lowers, and then a a the course which they thought

this country should adopt: This was the course which
he firmly believed the Marquess of Londonderry would
hare taken I be would have asked, was the country
_in
that state which would have justified war or peace ? Was:
this the course pursued by the Right Hon. Gent. ? Did
he at once make an explicit statement to Parliament, and
ask its opinion ? Parliament assembled, and yet no such
statement was wade; not a single word of the policy
which this country was pursuing, though he heard it ru-
moored that it was a matter of doubt whether the words
" strict neutrality" should not be introduced into the
King's Speech, and many were afterwards much sar
prised, when they heard these words sneak out of the
month, not of the Right Hon. Gentleman, but of a Noble
Lord in another House. Indeed it excited great astonish-
talent with hint, that the Right Hon. Gentleman could
think, with respect to modifications in the Spanish Con-
stitution, that this country had any other line to pursue
than that of non-interfere ace; and yet after the course
he had pursued, be did not well know what the Right
Ilunonrable Gentleman meant, when be says "to all
interference we will become no party." The Right
Honourable Gentleman's conduct with respet t to Spew,
in calling upon her to make any modification, seemed like
that of a man, who, having two friends, one of whom he
knows is ahou: to rob the other, recommends tile latter to
leave a little money on the table, and leave the door half
open, that lie might easily get so much, and if he permitted
him to do that, be would guarantee that the former shall not,
rob or murder him at night. This was precisely the line
pursued by the Right Hon, Gentleman. Ile would rezall to
the recollection of the House, his c..nduct in 1808, when fill-
ing the same office which he now held. Ile knew that an
attempt was made to separate the circumstances of that tine
from the present; but as connected with the Right Hon.
Gentleman, he believed them to bear a close resemblance.—
After the cre.ferenze of Erfurth, which was held, as Napo-
leon said, to establish the peace of Europe, and settle the
affairs of Spain, overtures of peace were made by the Etc-
' peror of Russia and Napoleon, to which the Right Hon.
Gentleman replied in the (Mowing words :—lle might say
the Right Hon. Gentleman, because it was the King's decla-
ration. The universal Spanish nation is described by the
degrading appellation of " the Spanish Insurgents ;" tied
the demand fur the admission of the Government of Spain
as a party to any negotiation is rejected as Inadmissible and
insulting. What fellows will serve to show how much va-
lue ought to be attached to the conduct of one of our Allies,
on whom the Right Hon. Gentleman, the Secretary for Fe-
rsign Affairs, had lately been so 'Achill of praise. With
astonishment, as well as with grief, his Majesty has waived
from the Emperor of Russia a reply, similar in elect,
al-
though less indecorous in tone and learner. The Emperor
of Russia also stigmatises ns " insure• dims." the glorious
eLarts of the Spenish people in behalf of their legitimate
Sovereign, and in defence of the independence of their
country ; thus giving the sanction of his Imperial Ma-
.
jesty, s authority to en usurpation which has no pa-
rallel in the history of the world. itussia was then leagued
with France as she was now against Spain,andso would Aus-
tria, if she were not prevented by France, as afterwards
came out. These circumstances were worth mentioning,
if it were only to show how little faith ought to be placed
in those Mks with whom we had now to deal. Metter-
nich admitted, that if *Lillie; Joseph was nut recognised
by Austria, it was becau-e he was not permitted to attend
the conference at Erfurth, °them ise Joseph would have
been recognised by Austria as King of Spain ; and yet
these were the men whom our Ambassador atVerona said
he sans bound to pay every deft settee. Only two months
had clasped from the prorogation of Parliament to the
conference at Erfurtli, when the Right lion. Gentleman
put the fo!lowing words in the King's mouth in a speech
from the throne; words which, if he used tt•en, he ought
to use note.—" His Majesty viens, with the liveliest in-
terest, the loyal and determined spirit manifested by the
Spanish nation, in resisting the violence and perlioiy
with which their dearest rights have been assailed.—
Thus nobly struggling against the tyranny and usurpa-
tion of France, the Spanish notion can no longer be inn-,
sidered as the enemy of Great Britain ; but is recognised
by Lis Majesty as a natural friend and Ally. We are
commanded to inform you that communications have
been made to his Majesty from several of the provinces of
Spain, soliciting the aid of his Majesty. The answer of
Iris Majesty to these communications has been received
in Spain with every demonstration of those sentiments of,
confidence and Wel:dons which are congenial to the feel-1
logs and true interests of both nations. And his Majesty
commands us to assure you, that he will continue to make
every exertion in his power for the support of the Spa-
nish cause ; guided in the choice and in the direction of ,1
his exertions by the wishes of those in whose behalf they,
are employed. In contributing to the success of thisjust
and glorious cause, his Majesty has no other object than
that of preserving unimpaired the integrity and indeH
pendence of the Spanish monarchy. But he trusts that,
the same efforts which are directed to that great object,
may, under the blessing of Divine Providence, lead in
their effects, and by their example, to the restoration of I
the liberties and the peace of Europe."—This
language was widely different from that which the
Right Honourable Gentleman used on the present,
occasion. It might be said that our interest Iv*
not now the same as then, but if our interest
changed our honour did not, and we were as stanch bound!
by the latter now as then, unless it could be maintained,
that when we wanted Spain, our honour bid us assist it ;
but when Spain wanted us, it forbade our interference.—
lie was aware that it was said that the cases were differ-
ent. Spain was now divided, and if we were to assist, we
should assist one party against another. This he
denied, and could prove by documents, that all the Mem-
bers of the Spanish dynasty, all the Constituted Authori-
ties of Madrid, and the officers of the Inquisition, were
against independence. Anti one of the arguments used
by the Right Honourable Gentleman and Lord Liverpool
against a prematnre motion of Mr. Sheridan's for giving
assistance to Spain, was the divided state of that country,
and yet, before she was united, England came forward
',and embarked into the contest with her against Napoleon.
It nas curious that at that period the Spanish Inquisi-
lion need the same language which was used by Louis
the Eighteenth in his speeds from the throne, declaring
' that all the institutions must emanate from the Crown of
Spain. She had hopes then waich were ultimately
crowned with success, when she had much greater difE.
culties to contend with. How strong ought now her ex-
pectation of success to be ? In ISOS there were 130,000'
Frenchmen South of the Ebro, and 60,000 men in pos-
session of Madrid, and yet before two months had elapsed(
not a single Frenchman was to be found in arms South
of the Ebro. The Honourable Member concluded in the
following words—" I heartily join in prayer with those
who invoke the assistance of *Heaven in the just cause, let
whatever may be the event, whether Spain be doomed to
fall or ssicceed in the glorious struggle. I hope this
country will appreciate what is due to its ancient glories,
and the ration which it once occupied among the nations
of the not Id as the Irien i and patron of the liberties of
mankind."
Sir W. DE CRESPIGN Y said, that no man felt more
strongly than he did for the cause of Spain, but at the same
time, he could not forget the safety of England. England
had expended 6UO minions in putting up the Bourbons; was
she now to be called on to expeuci 64X) millioats more. in put-
ting them down?
Mr. RANK Es contended, that England ought not to hold
out a menacing tone, unless she was deteratittuel to follow It
up by going to war. Ile considered the aggression of Fraud
to have proceeded from nothing less thin infatuation--he
looked upon it as a monstrous aggression—he bedeved.thet
there was but one sentiment on that subject in, the 11011. N
and in the country at large--a sentiment of strong and
marked indignation nuttiest the tioverumeatt of France.
The lionourable.Matuaber for. Westudaster had truly said
that the people of England would willingly bear the burs
thens of war where the honour. of England required it—the'Amendment. which-lead been moved had.esibionced the sine
sentiment. He hoped that the- iseue.ef.the contest. stolid

be favourable for Spoilt, end that just punishment might
',fall aini:T. pwiociatehdietaheads of the authors of that most unholy and
uv esseixopnia(incheede.rs.)
r4r
Mr. BARING said it did not follow that lion. Gentlemen,
by suppArting the Address, wire likely to go to war ; and
I It was his firm conviction, that the country was now much.
I more exposed to war than it would have been, if our Go-
vernment had made a firm and resolute remonstrance against
the conduct of France.—(clear, hear.) After the late war
with France was settled, it became our duty to have pro-
vided against events of this kind. Ile was confident if we
bad at the Congress of Sovereigns remonstrated against
aggressions of this kind, such a result as this would not
have taken piece. It was not fair for Ministers now to say
that they could have had no alternative but peace or war;
for he was convinced. if Ministers had carried on their tie-
' gociations with firmness, their object would be obtained,
sad no danger of a war would have existed, particularly so,
when it was understood that there was a hesitation on the
part of souse Cabinets, or at least on the part of Austria,
u to the propriety of proceeding against Spain. As matters
aow stand, the chances of war were greatly against us ' • for
we were bound by treaty to assist Portugal in case of her
being attacked ; and in case the French succeeded in the
war against Spain, and placed Ferdinand in his full
power, could any man suppose that the French. join-
ed by Ferdinaud, would allow Portugal to maintain
the same Constitution that had just been destroyed? Was
it to be supposed for a moment that they would walk of
'and leave a fire still Laming. wdtich might afterwa • la
set the Peninsula in a flame? No such event was at all
likely, for moat assuredly a:,er the suppression of the
revolutionary spirit, the French and Spaniards, then
united, would have a cordon on the frontiers of Spain
and Portugal, and invade the latter country. What then
should have been the conduct of great Britain? He
tnaintained that the course pursued by his Majesty's
Ministers at Verona tool: away the chance of peace;
whereas a strong and vigorous remonstrance at N erona
would have given us a greater chance of preserving
peace than we now had. If war should be entered into,
lie hoped Great Britain would then have all the Friends
she had before. Whether the war against Spain succeed-
ed or failed, dangers still threatened us. as well as the
rest of Europe. For these reasons, he declared that
every thing which appeared on the face of the paper' on
the table was most disgraceful to this country. As to the
balance of power in Europe, it was of mufti more impor-
tance than people generally supposed ; but it was in
much greater danger now than it had bi.en in the days
of Louis the Fourteenth, fur all the Poems of the Conti-
nenl were now united in one firm bond against the prin-
ciples of liberal Government, and no country with a free
Constitution could be safe from their present projects.
Suppose these Allied Monarchs were to establish despot-
bill in Spain and Portugal, all their thoughts would be
then united iu putting out light of every kind, and all
their efforts united, even with the Kings of Spain and
Portugal, would be directed against the freedom of' our
own country. la every point of view, therefore, he felt
that all the proceedings of Ministers, during the late ne-
gociations, tended to the dishouour and injury of this
coo utry—(llear, hear.)
.I.ord FRANCIS GOWER defended the conduct of;
Ministers. If they had united with one power in crush-
ing another. he would vote fur the address ; but their
object was to preserve a strict neutrality, and he was con-
vinced they hail done every thing that was beat calcu-
lated to promote that object. Although some Gentle-
men might think that the conduct of erance bordered
on insanity—and indeed he was himself of that opinion,
--(hear, hear.)—he still believed they would gladly have
accepted some terms on the part of the Spaniards, in
making modifications in the Constitution. Before they
passed the Rubicon, they would, to use a vulgar phrase,
have gladly " backed out" of the business. In conclu-
sion, lie remarked that he could not agree in what fell
from the I-Inn. Yorkshire (hlr. S. Wortley),
and he could not support the address.
Mr. WILBERFORCE addressed the House from under
the Gallery, bat in so low a tone of voice that it was impos-
sible to catch what he said. We understood him to coucur
in the measures pursued by Ministers with respect to their
Instructions to the Duke of Wellington at Verona. The
Hoe. Member thought that a higher tone might have been
assumed. But on looking through the whole of the papers,
he perceived a manifest and a strong desire for peace, and
an anxious wish to prevent a war between France and
Spain. However, he must confess that he lamented a higher
moral tone had not been assumed on the part of this country
against the aggression. It was seen that the object of his
Majesty's Ministers was to prevent the war. They were
hound not to excite the slightest disposition—not to give
the least colour or shadow of a pretence far it, and their
conduct assuredly was consonant with such measures. The
Duke of Wellington had exhibited fa the negociations at
Verona that astonishing sobriety of mind—that clear corn-1
prehension of intellect, for which he was so eminently
distinguished. lie displayed an ardent desire,—he mani-
fested an anxious wish to prevent the attack upon Spain by
France. The Government of this country had to guard, by
' their measures, in the negoclations, against encouraging
Spain to withheld the concessions required of her from
France. In one of the despatches from his Majesty's
Minister at Madrid, he had represented that there was
a great disposition on the part of the Spaniards to inter-
pret the language used by Ministers as the determination
of this Government to assist them in their dispute with
France. He (Mr. Wilberforce) could not view the con-
' duet of Ministers in the light many did. It gave him
great pleasure to observe that none of the Hon. Members
who had expressed themselves dissatisfied with that con-
duct had condemned the line of neutrality. It had been
justly observed how willing nations were to engage in wars,
and how difficult it was to terminate them. Wars were al-
most always popular in the commencement; indeed, it was
always so, history recorded such to be the fact, The in-
terference of this country between France and Spain
might tend to make the war popular in France, if it were
not so now. From this consideration, no other course
could have have been safely pursued by this Government
tnan the one adopted. He could not see what advantage
the possession of Spain could possibly be to France.
And with respect to Portugal, if those dominions were
attacked, we were bound to defend them. Oa reviewing
the whole conduct of his Majesty's Ministers, lie could
not but consider their meager. s as correct and proper
for the good of the country, and lie, therefore, could not
agree with the motion before.
Mr. H. SUNINER said, that that line of policy which
had been pursued by the latehlarquess of Londonderry with
regard to Italy, when pieced under similar circumstances,
was evidently that policy which had for its object the wel-
fare of this country ; the same course had been undeviat-
ingly held by his successors, who therefore were not only
entitled to thanks for the justness of their policy, but they
likewise merited the tribute of praise for their strict con-
sistency. He most warmly approved of the whole conduct
of his Majesty's Ministers, and he therefore gave the Amend-
ment
his most cordial and unqualified support:
This CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose amid
loud cries of " QUestion,'!•--" Chair,"—" Withdraw ;"
he
then sat down 1 and
Mr. Y. 11100.tE moved the adjournment of the debate.
This wan seconded by Mr. NIONCK.
The SPEAKER then put the question, and it was car-
ried without • division.—Debste adjourned until to-morrow
(this day.)
The Orders of the Day were. disposed of, and the House
ad:maned at a guider before Twelve o'clock. .
Jorge:es

.CQUAT OF KIN (178. Vißs.niiNsTEß, APRIL 28.

TIM li;NO V. VICE-CRXNCELLOR OF TUE UNIVERSITY OF
Ck4BUIDGE.
In MlChaelmas term the Solicitor-General obtained a rule,
calling upon the defendant io show cause why a Mandamus
shouts' not Issue directing him to appoint Mr. Japhsoo, Pro-
''hssor of Mineralogy for that University.
Sergeant I,vms and Mr. LITTLEVALB this any showed
lmosp-egainat
,the• rule They contended; flrst4 that Mr.
Jephson was not duty elected; stcondly, tt;KILS no ta:ar)
