THE STATESMAN..

LONbinv:
TUURSDAIrs JASUART 1, 1118.
•
The first day of the New YOU deer not damp the
hope with which we closed the old,. aotwithstaading
the shiest Cimmerian darkness in which the Upend
smoke yesterday inveloped the Metropolis. To-day
the etmosphers is clesrer." Mesa Peter is, but
ways to be blest."—The task of the historian
'is changed slice the 'emits of war resounded
'tbroogh the theatre of an • astonished world.—
Bet the operations that have been silently carrying
, rots to establish an torder of things thrfoghorst Es.
4 rope Mikis has bet little of thi Mance of liberty or
public tranquillity in it, are of equal impottatme to
the Public of eratiess. Of all the COlNlttila tint
looked with an espectapt 'le to fetidly Mod the nib,
suits of the boosted policy which their Releie Mr
,
hems perseing, Great &kale had; prilsak,
most memo to be senpiee, and to believe that •Isp
this time her seseroes and distressed population
walk, We bar olio/lot theibiontoso of Pee*
plenty. Bow have these anticiParoes Ikea ieelieedr
Great Britain has displayed Iltreogheet the pestle!:
a ••scise of sellout; sod emserisfel egitatise
Ike liberties have bees sespeeded is the 'Olt
of peace, end the toils of. Ism People terri boa,
but 11l rewarded by
.the hitesiegs Arida off*
to' attend epos, ladostry. " Lew -10-1111P'As
prowl for is min by thommoda,
righrto qrsjey the fruits of the eartbefilie nem*
that moue a•Crown, and riots amidst theprodeerriel
every sone. With the restoration of a elation's righe
leer prosperity meat revive. One of the dearest rigMts
and blmsiegs of-the land has •been reused from ak.-1
atm:ties; MI that the derk-working spirit of
tripe' sad misguided- policy could effect, was et.l
tempted to subvert the Constitution. The argil
. earl the system ' so inimical to public freed*
inn bet too soccesafel ; yet they have fsiledi'i
ink gists were limitless and ridicaloss ; =l4l
jllBl.llma iedeed saliciestly pregnant pith
Mare onirtiost preeelltive of rliegreee to
deb authors. No one nom can hear of thiamin
idifilltios imputed to the Pogis without elide(

bigiuty wog aNtertuipi=o:o7.
respraillag Corded's.* have
bees prima ti bi utterly siniertgi)el eridlioced—
Tbe.e.seit el eK tbeie imPlotillirodhlbletteilte
selitiseemed eves tbe Seeps of the regular tar
bat pseud the abbesses of euebited loyalty aed
nl oriii-essoesiiibe ?ample eo libstliml. Bet it

Vindicate their dike/swot sad destrelgild.: • This
*Se .dose bY " the Glogious ThisirSin." The
spies of the iedepapdeat rewind issetiv:lo
ses, verge of legal criminality-4r they *se
Awed by spower yet all • selliciaot so. wrest t ,
The legal guardians of the motional peed/Med
ills speciosa disguises ind hollow tirtliom, If *4
poetised with impinity. The Press. 14 Ark dim,
liberties, eon sawed from the mat heads of the Assti•
iliritish combination termed• slimiest it ; god ovillist
the freedoim of this eogine is guaranteed, the rights
sod liberties of Wiliam Mat yit he preserved. •
Such has bees .to es the Vs/led-emerge of the Wi-.
Beal restores of Vie peet tubes been glooksy
emeogh.- -The darkeesi-oC aga wit epee its
.ovis-
&mit Vide woilkivilliogly torn Oaf evil to morn
.
3gromoid, reviews aed prospeete abrood, bet Wait .
the raege of ;paroptis, it'preents bet fair matiaml
,ehjetis fur gratidation. Trance has esperieoced
bests revolution, bet the Itepresemtatives
rf
People Imo, bad, the Mine objects to .cooteed
And have also socceeded. in protecting the ,
from a meet lawless project of Miditerial despotism..
The Government of the kingdom of •the Netlseriamds:
le liberalislog its policy '0 the eisibile! the pee*,
• bet the same cannot be mad of the rest of tho
tiseetet States', Prissis, BUsfi., and Algid&
merely remaining at peace, end endeavouring
press the desires of their inhibitamte &wield:and
preseetatim Comstitatious. The Gerinem and tidies
!kale" iealthet.tbeCtlettileoo44ld oat to deb' hopes
tire not been realiied. -Thedifiereoces.bet SP"
and Psatepi are referred for- aemosicable edjoet-
meat to the decision of foer grest•Powers.---
Span is" still gunk lit soperstidema ignoring*,
'contending 'Oast het South Americas Colonies.
it Only in America list the atom of beams .5.
'Seems to iloodsk. It is fortuestely met of "tile power
of Legitimate deipeqsm to .crash belie :ear.
• in that ;pottery' •

_

.•

. • •
Freed' Papers fo !be 41011' have beeirriepit
They cootaiu nothing of inoportapm.: petits
WELLtetrron was eapected at Pe& oat' keriday
stewing. The Project of law foeveabOvie the
sisters to receive the first sit-iswelfihir.of the contd.
bailouts of 1818;. bass 'received tile Hi
Chamber of PP, el. lePOlliiii.2ll.:44olll9ek to
considering the LswetsPrZeweitiog titi;firioy weep
ring the FilOgiW.--t.be *lnlet liPMefi ta
in seworely at Paris. 3friii:oll.44loilliiiif
Sunday eight degrees and a half below the fret
point.—French Fends 5 per Cent. 54 fn. 50
Bank actions 1440 fro.

......./.....

A Demerol's and highly respirefable Meatini
Prottatant Christians of all donovainstions was

yesterday at the City of London Tavernltis celebrate
Like Third Centenary of the iteformation. The DOD
of &max presided, and many Ladies were present.
There was muck elegeme displayed on this occasion,
red many (milieus historical facts were'doteloped.
The subject is one peculiarly lateresting to the People
of England, as Wog closely Interwoven with the
freedom of every class of persons who dissent from
*the doctrines of the Church of Rome. The
•Reforination was In a great measure ettribsts:
Isle to the art of Printing, which 'it *was very
sally said, 46 was *a right that we never should put
with except with tier lives." lidore the dig.
.cossions produced throsgb.the medium of the Prom,
" ignorance, profligscy, and ispeitere vanisbed".:-
-and truly was it remarked that, before the Art of
'Printing was known, " the soul wis beried in a
deep sleep, while the Cher& gilled her minas daring
a long night, is which the energies of a free spliit
werssupsk.” Is it not, therefore, surpriilag that is
some of those coontries on the Contioent where
• l'estrre 'A setattle itflidilretaili .6;1
/Raking to shackle the Press to arklch they trie
so d
•moch? Every animism made yestimiey to the
lifillOfflr Of VII Pam, was Seceivat yids 'aesta-
which gave a eery hid Matt that soy
endeavour made to attack or trestreml that • Obesity
meet fail, is tech *mad • bi; tillisseits by • etaY
perms is the geometry a Acapigilioss4 mind, and
,whe accesses our Celsollilliso, which is - thos
-s • aid beset of Eaglilliesea. The Doke- girl
Strati wiry properly reprobated. the attempts 'MA
had been previously wok to mistepreesst
jects 4 each fleeting.: 41 Taft investigetion," be
otnerrods " was always to be desired, for if the
Press was sot foe; there loss as end to all civil, and
conseqeently toall religious liberty." The Estahlkshall
Church ewes it. 011111011 CO "0 *OW prisselpieeof the
globes • Refiresitioa. • For MS roailor,wo amid
bass wished to haroseen the Clergy at the Cherub of
England present in. greeter nembers.. ant Chard
igaitaria are sot easily moved. The *Usk of the
proceedlogs were of the auras retinal wet gratifylog
kW.

ceded to UlComb, tame the family vault
tested, and where the body was accordingly alai..
sited. The procession was grand and striking, con-
sisting of sic horsemen in'adsance' in black cloaks;
nest a mourning coach, drawn by sin horses, sin
which rat two Gentlemen, supporting her leidyabip's
coronet, eponi stool of crieison relict--best a win,
'bearing plumes. df feathers, followed by the hearse,
boning the body, enclosed in a colEn of caisson
reset—meat followed three moarning coaches, each
'drawn by iiit horses—ind immediately ;after these,
1 the Mimesis's two carriages, with four horses is
sitillt, and a. Gentleman's • carriage and fear, with.
Sri other Gentleman's carrisees closing the whnif
!if the solemn scene.—(Maidgeas;Janrogui, Dec. 30
11. Rise iiir PORTta.--The Lotition'brewers hose sip.
I.nified their 'ldeation to the publicans of raising. the
ppm of that only beverage the poor man can enjoy*
to sispeice the pot of porter. This. avian cart
rot 1 llinly is **rest hardship epos thipworking clams.
'titiket,the blessings of an abundant soPpl# of all toil"
n, arith.zhich Proaidemmi heti Messed thief/194
WtwAy eetinisig, .4:411 viltifff2frOtlit) :Osiris,.
broke into the bed'-rags of M. MOigaiicilie trolls
and Cashion, Clerkenwell.grese, .and stote Beak.
notes and cash to the *Mount of 701., with which MO
got of endiscovered. Mr. Morgan was from bows
at thi time, and the family were busy below stairs

.attendisti their commun.
Iktween one and four o'clock on Monday morn*
lag, the Ship and Star pnblialtonee wee intokees4cdi
and robbed 0f.501. in Wier Dank notes, end
1$ Wailes of rani end other articles. •
.rut I
tootbrig".l.• amgagesied•ridintige°llll.lllhores' lerlll4o • terdber..r.
iefttettoon &len Osintd-ettnot
rued seer Argoassiro I,lsii-upuesi of the G><.--
Ibe horn (red s **fate 0104 am was sow
veird senseless to a reitiVaring *oft. TM ma Mt
horseback tedo ow •
Conottariiniussee—Snocatno knew=
before TuostAS
ingeheirtimt Was
OrtoMNG, Ur q. 4
at. Giles's work.
ion, u cabinet.
istenat

shook
!ss►. A
ued cewe to
pirtol when in

T•

i

,i

'1

nt et 1
•
be“ WALL, Dow 113. nine the Wilkey.- . , 1
NM— from New York r rise. Breda, /Act '-
,•
mod faked.; sad De If Beartriarrivaarenisei, .. • -,,.
.?'
bort Llshest.—Came free die Bee the c
I se. ter Hiegel ; end the' Mee Dalitibdi. for <4.
it ie. the Wit her iwited.—Sallid this ironing at 101.
bto the. whole of tha.mstesolgirestod&ateed*,ast to
tilos diem, cession, and Wien, with a light .. -
7 . 411
from the North. . .
t We, . -
- ."
• the Fs.t.itouTer, Dec. 29.7.Artleird the' Strellhpie44. ~ t,
.vdete ewe, Gee Liverpool for Rottrialive. . - 'VT i • i•►
hoe Ponewoueny pac. St.-sl4od di* falihnrin ast`i *2.
sued ward.beeed vessels: thw,Drearmeite, fee- Jamaica . ..-
tett the !alias, for Gibraltar; Illilikesey, for Choristers t
it4er the Shantter, fee litiplet:l,4l, Ventre, for Ifiyti '. .
Ars& lb. EsPhollik, hr Trieslivdeterd Iteesoothy toff- •
white Gibreller ; and Richert' and.Jokay..feellio Jeseirmi •,-
-7-- she spoke on her paesageon
Lure Giorgio' of liellii
... li. •-,
Pin" •
• .: e
foilly • AN INSCRIPTION
lelateis: ':--11A:en.
tedT.6lllBl6erroAdli:PigiOf 11:14111(11";;ETI"ScoArrichs, 41111*4.:: 1:
•%
11
•
1 OM
. . WO* an* AT IMAIIIII, 111134 9, 1798.
Ids. es • • -
dewy! y -• map, Pararoger. affil ley Ithe you've mei .• t ' -
roe Whey eel kosimiedea-Of die Oak .; •,.
id Ma" ;' nee tioes.llve yeais.l lied a dale wet ...:, • -
1- her • 'Ted times Ire year; I wasa virtuosi wife; ..
* .•
d for
,• .• . . Teatimes Ire iron I lied a widow lame ; :
Now, tied sof Me mortal life, I Wit.
Plfiga ~ J. how* cradle us sty grave hash ens • ..- 1
, , ... A
.tine.. Rik mighty.Klapp of Scotland area Qatar. - .' ' :•r •
.:. 7
„undo • . four Oases eve years eke eisowsesswealtfult saw I '
. Teo times the subjects mese**. tlesig./.. ..7 •1. .
P'Tt ' Twice did I see aid prelacy poled sloww; . . : •' • . .O.
1 Cello Ash twice the cloak was busbled by Ike psi.
rim are Au tad of Smart's race law ; . '
I saw iwy iegoorY sold Ow Eiiisl; ftre.t ....,„ ~,,a. .5 4
to re. each desolations is wy time love hero, .: ."*.. , .:-
ad Re. , I bare as aid del rafted= saes. , .:.:, •. ' t''
. ! i
ittillsa '• • , - -',. ;I:
.:
li NV! Belawrow, DEC. 30.—At fair o'clock Ibis' ahem+ ''• '
--
a li •
itSpele noon a Privy Council was.lieNcot the ParifiOne— 1 . 4
idiot.
,1114011• the PRINCE REGENT, lON win present the
• Doke pf Vona., the Mugabe of Ifiretroab.otel,
• ...A' Citotetinne.sy. the Earl of J.tsaaromg.,.-Viscoent
'IP' —l' CAlTLeatiow, Lord STrirAlti" sad Sir B. BC.OOI/4.
PS.. It TIRLD. '," Viscoent Cuvrenton' arrived eirly In. thki,
liberty ;after...on. asia attended the. Connell es-. Clerk iv/ •44,
'• C • 'I • '
leowee Ordinaiy. Among the proceedings of the owner ~ 1
'welter. Mr. Leann war • sworn into office es VIC*.
cltaCtiiol.—Sir AV, A'Conwr, our Minister at the
t • Coact of the Two .Sicilie, attended the Council.-%'l
Sir . WiLitaw Keieet. tram jo tsaiting..-. After the
(red.— Ceara bad concleded their deliberations, they dined
),yko of with the REGENT.—Tbe Doke of ionic, reasailis at
• i• tie ()Onion 'motel Salarday nest. - . • ,
---1 ' Lied HOLLAND entertained a party V dlstiedtion .
lie Mi.
.: :yestivdaf at Dollaed.boose.
c°.612 7. Geo. SEYMOUR. died snort after bekg takes wit et
,:i
a/ the ' ibis reline at St. Lucie. Mrs. SlTMoUltillad bee A i dis.
pit is i ditie were .pied from this rains. ;Many reek acs
ase ,es Awe et St. Kites and Twilard O,kk hate. Belk
le ity.. • ioelftred any dotage. ~: . . ~, •;3 . ‘,.. i" 40.
g 1.... - Tiko Dote of Postvc.awac • - AIM .
• in eselidS4atie •of •
fill .."'" bed harvest if 1816, has greettefidedeelon if re* • -
rowalni to his tenants in Ayrshire, of..fron. tO to 40 pep
o cents. meet. &mediae to circumstances. ,
Mr. Dowute, of Drery.lsoey beweteleolly=
• : ' the profits of an evenings peformence at • the
~ stone Theatre, for thp relief of the peat daises is •
Ring of the jail of that town. . • ••••
vas held 111ARCOIONESI Of Oalltalto.—The fallefll abler- t
eieb_,._ 4eies of this. nech.lameoted Lady arrived le till', .
'''' town on Friday evening last, sod the persons come' '
Ili Deice posing the precession took 00 their residence at the
preseet. Star Inn, where 30 beds were ordered, and. stabling
for 0 horses. The nest morning the whole pre%
axsionr p•mt...l so UlCorab. Where the family veldt is si. ,

fiutclot.—Ao
roe tokens yesterday • before Teem •'.
q. Comm., at thoCommittoe.room 4 •
rk.koese, on the Wily Ofjosoph Stock. ,
t-misksr, Artie pit s poor to Me es.
lotihg himself themes the *ad on Se. . •
A verdlet was reternod—Thht the do-
oMs death by shooting htauelf with II •
• •
N temporary am. of derangement.
I
-i ,
, .
•

Yesterday a lery.nenverous Misting samtobla
boat), of hoodoo Tavern, to •celebrate these:
offisenary 4 'be Reformatioq. There were . tee*
hoc 11$00,pereens present, and among tka Neither
plea considerable prOportion of Ladies.
. The Rev. Dr. tor.vria roil between. 12 sad
.'dock,
and stated to the Meeting that his Royal
sus the Doke of Sasses bad been unsaid to
vest a quarter before 12. Tb. state of the wea-
ker he wps coovinced, was the raise of .the disip-
OoPoeot which bad been eapOauced. vett'
*
res the, that he bed himti espeducid the
Irotteat‘difficalty to led his way in eidieg froseCsos.
orawell. If his Royal Highness did • not strive be.
Pare one o'clock, the chair woad bq taken. pro
ispore, is order that the business inVU proceed;
pc in the care et Its being found necessary to cell
ey other Gentlemaothan hisitoyal Highness Se tie
Chair, a Member of the Chords of Euglessd we
proposed. The moth., for this. he was confiding,
wield be satisfactory to the Misting : as the Most.
g was called for no sectarieeporpope, salts object
ins is no way partial, but geierat to all , Protest.
mots, it was thought peeper that a Member of the
Istablisked Church of tbe.ceenttp abeeld oeupy the
Glair. '
After some time,hatt.tiapeed,-tbe. Rer.,...dr. Si-
mon, of Ceusbridge, was called.to.ilte Choir.
Mr. Samos, in a short.spieebc-seltiebetedid not
distinctly bear thrughoot, asp eoeuef bbreheoks for
Ihe honour duo bier. Ile cbeereatitgellitt 'Os
ibling over such a Meeting, he !Atilt elikward'ii.o
M had bee* called upon to see Mused lee cabutee.
Belied some to the Meeting with a slew of joiningin
the celebration of an event intercede/to the Clunk,
sod the whole Christian world. ,4Bueli ,esi occasion
was one which ought to unite all hearts. As it wee
proposed that's Member of the Church sof England
phoold, in the absence of his Royal. Highness, take
Ihe Chair, he had, though reluctantly, yielded .to
the application madOto him by the Committee.
The Rot. Mr. Cow, of Hackney, then opened
lise.basiness of the Meeting. He uid, that having
ekes a part in the preliminary Illflllllioololllll which
had lei to the coniteemoritionof that day, bother&
it euesaary to state the idetires which had operated
04i him. Nothing was farther freet.his mind than
pity intuition to raise the standard of petty* ot...tia
ache feelings of personal irritation, In the eetebrii.
titre °feminist &Om which all Europe and the milli
had derived advantages. If ever Awe was a demi
when sectarian feeling druid be relinquished;erlest
dividitalleeliog lest in the contemplation of golf*
bappinest, it was such a day as this.—(4lpptiesteit).4
Be wished at the outset to declare Maul( the
vacate of anittersat toleration,. or rather liberty of
ceascienee. If there milked any other reeling be
'Odious, let it he vitrifiesl on the filar of the
.magniteent temPle 'which bsil beeserected by the Re.
forcen.. The Ante *Li gone by, when tree sod
*lnure Christians waged war against one soothy
fir tisk religious opinions, sad when the secular
*eel aostbeinatized at mica the heresy sod the he.
retie,- awl -when ri.iuble • WO. avoid was.. . reboil
against, the indivifleal and hi. creed. Petenciinfil
for religions differences was a practice of error. Tip
Christians Faith was coneeieuf in.. a diluent spirit
love was' its motto, khe olive bunch liiembhmeareelt
its top* gave sumacs to glory to God
est, payee upon earth, and goodwill amongst cien.
•--(lpplause.)—Oa the 'object of tbe Reformatiou,
be bad to say, that the early.Refarnsers did not an.
derstand all the doctrines which. they,,theellielves
calcated—they were sometimes led astray by their
passions on the difficulty of their sitictiesse. ,It was
for Protestant Cluistiaos of the present. day to .40.
reedy the insperfeetions in the practies by * refer.
Imo to the Principles of the Reformer*. The liar.
Conflation concluded by meting the first Resolution.
,•—•64 That the right of every man to worship God
according to his conscience is a ashore!. unalienable
eft—anterior to all social institutions, which no
home eathority should aver presume to- violate 'or
restrict,'
Mr. P. Yoga° seconded the Resolution.
Just as Ills motion was passing by acclamation--
His RoYel,,llighness the Duke of SUSSEX entered,
the room, entices loudly cheered. His Royal High.
mess took the afar, and said; that he wase sorry fee
the accident which Interposed to prevent his ate undo
once at an earlier hoar. The fact was, bis earflap,
broke down in the fog. Ile hoped the same ectddiset
'would not happen to him in their Chair.—(Mitilli
laughter and applause.)—lle assured them he felt
peculiarly gratified at being called to preside at sub
a Meeting—a Meeting quite separate from any poll•
sical object or allosion whatever.—(Appitsose.)---So
impressed was he with the total disconnection of this
subject with politics, that if the Meeting viewed it an
he did, he would feel it his duty to interpose it any
Cattlemen should stray from the propel topic, sad
be under the necessity of urging him to coolie Isk-
observations to a fitter sphere. Ile would watch
&Piety to thiapeito.—(4lppfrosse.)—On eccesiii
of this soil, It was. highly important that the tempi
and object of sub a' Meeting should not be
celled or eildeteipret44. It was with this feeling
'that be thought proper to make these few °been&
liens. Having nude them, he would call ott the.
Gentlemen appointed to proceed with the business of
the day.—(Great applause.)
The Rev. Dr. Cowie* rose and read the. seelleil
Desolation, which was to the following elect
64 That Religion is not intended to aggrandise a pp;
flier Chas, nor to become en engine of State—Wl
to inform the judgment, to purify the heart, to a.
410 t?, by heavenly consolation, the calamities .-str
,life.—and to inspire hopes of immortality, blissfels
Itevevend Doctor described re.
to have been formed to act with coricned all
she heart of a Christie., and awake him suit lased'
tells Fellow.Chricians of 'eery possession. as if flow
wire all members of este coleuses family.—(4o:
—To dictate hatred sod violet among
tans was to corrupt that stream which rose from
.4 fan fountain. Tree religion had its seat le the
Alert, and lee swepin an upright conscience. On
lbw great prfaciple the Reforasation was begun and
!ached.—(lpplasse.)—Multiplied as ChrlatiaitSeota
had been, they all yet drew their light from the Wall-
kik% and should respect micit others views. It was
Xelato Imagine tbet the great Benefactor
itlfettel who made so one blade of past

esactly
int** ,
moral, .and lattilleeieel peedects, .heol tike;wl dis-
tinction every where, but division on whirs—
it wee impossible, he mid, *it such en 01111404•1111
Being should have ordsieed that his highest wer
Would alone be wilful in its principle of settee.—
No, it never could bees been aw ordained ; had,
therefore, Christian should learn . to tiderate and
respect each ether's di ffersectie.—(Appliniei.)-.Free.,
dont of opinion was their gr,eat aid saalieueble right,
sod the Bible was the role and useartire of their faith,
is the form of which no rode-hand should interfere—
that should rest britireers teen and hie God—between
thi tweeters and his Creator. (Applause.) By.
placleg et int, in their Chair a Cambridge Clergyman
sit the Established Citurch, they gave selficient pledge
that therbed no sectarian views—the Amu* was of a
higher sod tioblm nature—it went more to the tbroe
el the Deity thalLte any human apped, ied from
aneb a coasidereMe human push). should bebanieb:
-61.—Cipplauss.)-11elition on the mind operated as
the inn epos the earth. It imparted
.light had pW.
city, while it ezhaled•nositnis imposers from all ob.
jects ; it irradiated lad cherished elm the soonest
tad weimportant, differing 'wit tool!, but receiving
eentandeatioa from teas,-r(Crii4g 4PPielue.)-11.
Rev.lluctor concluded by saying, that while he as.
seined for himself the rigitt;of..prlyste jedgmerst en
speculative topicsA he • see,'-epodir oe- give *Awe?*
in4ol,ffs to aft. TO the genie* Catholic, from rebate
*differed, be presalbeil‘itoplaine, white• is Of.
dilated-I& owe, and apideeded the forte Of aortal
troth ihtch broke the chide that kept the mind id
ivitireaciP,Oied WAG** theirolas which bade saw it
.refh:tfrrreta
f ftriev4o ' ~ - - . •
Ili. ulster WitellOUTUlPeeonded this Resolotion,
of *Mai linhighly approved. All attempts to pre-
not the diffusion of the Gospel ill over tie globe.
were, be maintained, against the dictates of God
and thotree interest of man. It was this enlarged
spirit which bine& its the Reformation in the time
of Hoary VII 1..a0d condensed it iii the nip of 141,s
successor, thhidoire Edward. It wet the want ol4t
„which .darkened the reign of Mary : and rerisid of
be purelight which shed a glory on Elisabeth, im'
whose reign thirty editions of the Bible were printird.
.—(Greal triplauff.)—Whit would netts the saris.,
feetieti. ottilie men who paved the way for the Re-
(imitation, if from their honoured tombs they could
.view the inestimeble *meets ;which, in after ages ,
lowed from their great Acts, iu the very vopitel 1
Otheentows got 'themselves had been burned for their'
TbeilkillOdand against tyranny and oppression.—(Ap. ,
14anstri)--qiie. great diffusion of - the Scriptures
yds now fatreelsed, .net truly by universal private
bounty, bet by foreign Potentates in Catholic coun-
tries., When they told thele_Catholic fellow.sobjects
that theydiffered with thee, oat doctrine' points, thee
should accompany 'the declaration by stating, that
they did so as friends, and in the spirit of Chktiens,
and were ready to admit to their opponents the same
civil right of siert:Wag freedom of opinion, which
they with firmness demanded for themselves.—(Apr';
Theßev. Mr. Dowentra proposed the third Reso.
iolotiou.--46 Thai such 4 pere.end undefiled' retie.n
by the Holy Salooma ado. is taught; and that
they, therefore, should be pcceasible in miry lan..,
"griage,- to ober) Individeet. of every nation on the
globe; and that, aU etterupts' to limit such diffiteion,
oppose the beneficent purposes of. God, apd the best
and only perfect happinesti Of. iiiii:ni—lle said, that
as a Member of the ChirCh. rif"England, he should
ever he f000d; an advotitelforthe diriemination of
the Holy Scriptures,
,bothubit'peliiicel and religious
,veends, forks them world:bit 'therid the most suit-
,able maxims fee the umpire of the freedom and li-
berties of mankind.—(Applause.) .
• Mr. louts Wittman said, that tbii very principle
of the Reformatiou (nay more, the principle of Chris.
tisity itself) was the diffusion of. the Scriptures; they
were not to be clogged by expositions, however vene-
rable. St. Peel praised .the Screens, because they
searched the Scriptoria most ; lie ascribed to them a
nobleness above the Other Christmas of the early
ages. Ho praised theta for referring to the Scriptures,
twee Is preference to the authority of the Apostles
themselves. Oar Saviour, himself, directed his fol.
WINO to search the Scriptures, in which it wa; writ.
tea concerning hies .--(Applame.)—This was abetter
authority for them than that of any modern ecclesias-
tic, however respectable. Ile then moved the fourth
Resoletion:-44 That,equally intrusive end unworthy
are all !forts authoritatively to impose any,exposi.
`does of those Holy Scriptures, which everyman for
himself is entitled to investigate, and to expound ;
and which every meta should • read, mark, learn,
lad inwardly digest. "
Mr. G. Moran seconded the *Resolution, which,
was carried mianiesnorly.
• The Rev. Dr. Rumors rose to move the sth Reso-
lution. Oa the subject of Religious Liberty, he
thight it should be Vete unasked. Ile concluded
ley useving the &sidearm :—.14 That the experience
iietisispe from the TA to the 16th centuries has do.
aninstreted that these great principles are as import.-
set in their practical operation, as. ie theory, they
are correct :—and that to their violation are mainly
attributable those multitudinous ills which, for abet
long period, afilicted benianity—deformed the Chris-
den Faith—and oppressed tbe - world."
Mr. CIIIIIWIC seconded the Resolution, end said;
that the Reformation bad established the principle of
private judgment on the Holy Scriptures, and .the
wavered application' of reason on the subject, in
'emulsifies, to authorities however respectable from
their antiquity, however venerable by their sanctity,
or bower powerful from their numbers.—(4.
Pilasr.)—Christiaelty itself was a Reformation ;
sad it wss their du as Christians, to enquire lee'
themselves
.till the Reformation itself was r
--"fltPimie.) Resolution was tarried ananimossly.
The Rev. Mr. Bows TOW to repose the sixth
Reeoletien, and eloquently eweviarvated the ditties,-
des evilest which the Reformation bad to struggle.
The whole structure, he observed, of the Catholic
&Ogle% was solemn and imposing. Tim first plain.
live wefts of genuine Christisalty were beard among
the Waidigeases, bet they.were crushed by the power
et evil, and perished et the foot of the Alps. When
I Lather arose, the illemisatiee sees . so rapid as to
bent et one the thick derkosayoldei ooveloped
nations ; the mind seeks witch berslept for ages.

quieted from
his .freepaiticare, who compares a..eation reeling
after a.slesp of ignorance and slavery—to an eagle
moving in kg .mighty 'teeth ;-4molooldiag with en.
dashed eyes the peontWo beam; purging its long-
abused sight at the foootale of all radiance, while
the whole flight of.tiescrees. sod twilieht.lovieg birds!
fill the air with their senseless cries. The time of
psniscittiso was, he hoped, gone by ; bet if there
idle any ass who meditated to 'rest other scaffolds,
or to light new fires, they need shot while they had
the protecting shield of the House of Hanover. Mr..
B. concluded a muck applaeded speech, by moving
iilit aisth Resolution :...44 That this Meeting could
alt easmerate all those evils which flowed frets that
that Abundant source—but that the Scriptures were
forbidden :—That their steered truths were displaced
by corrupt traditions, and simple, tree, and spirited
itership by seperstitioes forms :—that Crewed.,
were sobstiteted fee the pasee-annoencing Gospel,
iinotence for knowledge, sad persecution for good-
will to mee:—Thit Priests, operating by their dernes4
oaths fears and on the hopes of the deluded aura U.
taught, exclusively amassed both wealth and power:
—That, absobstioris and •indelgences, perchaseeMe
froth- them, encouraged • creams :—That admisdes
twelt.inteßesiren was made dependant on their dear.
Wight masses and their.prayers :—That the People
greased in wretchedness, and that Monarchs trem-
biskk . throes. i—thed that a donsioation, in.
.mss ottleitnertl/4ard injurious, extended over the
ri.
f.„ rodortie intellect, end consciences of men."
ft was seconded by Captain Butt.ee, sad carried
•unhefeibiesly. .
• Me. Jolter WILIIII said, that the darkness of Ea.
rope before the Reformation was the darkness of the
charnel-hoebe. The man who first shed a gleams of
light athwart that darkness, must be dear to all those
Who relied religion or loved its purity. He Con-
alluded by' moving the seventh Resolution i•-••• 6 4 That
aillicted at the retrospect of evils so much to be de-
plored, this Meeting delight to trace even thirse
stomp of moral light which in the fourteenth cen-
tury partially dissipated a gloom so oppressive and
prefoned t and that the memories of Wickliffe,
if Jaime, end of Hess, and of the Waldenses, are
iesirated *Rhin their hearts."
Mr. Regis shortly seconded the Resolution,
h'wes -'c
.whicarried unanimously.
.
' Mr. Cota• stated, that he had received a letter
from Dr. Swabs', enclosing the copy of . g Grader
from the Ciencil or Confession of Aegsborgh, which
had jest bees celebrating the Centenary of the Re.
.forwrition ; in which Circular the princrples of that
great measure were clearly explain.-i and most ini•
pressirelt urged.. Mr. C. translated a passage from
this letter, In which it was stated, that the Protest-
ants maintained the right of private judgment, and,
without judging or condemning buy of those who
differed from them, appealed for the justification of
their own opinions to the doctrines of the Apostles.
This pilule was loudly applauded.
The Rev. Dr. Nawnsiarose, he said, to propose
the following Resolution :—" That it is the proclaim.
apd important object of this Meeting to csebrate, at
this tri.centenial period, that &redoes ItSferesetlee,.
which,* in till,. commenced in Seseey—which re.°
chrs*d boo tedija fir iirrokoce--freedowe for epb .
pre ids—and a per* Christianity for eeeteptions,
aotichristian end, abiurd."—lie congratulated the
friends of' Christianity upon the ember of Ladies
who were present on this occasion. Voltaire had
observed, with a sneer, that half the Christianity of
Europe was owing to the Ladies; but the observe.
lion was just, and it would; he trusted, continue to
be the reed characteristic of that interesting sex to
employ kb zest ared inflater* in promoting the cease
of Christianity. Bet the principle of the Reformation
was peculiarly calculated to excite their attention and
°brake their support. The more, indeed, that prin.
ciple was discussed, the more it would be found do-
serving of universal support ; for Luther, who evade
the first bold and decisive stand against the abuses of
Christianity, had rendered the most important service
to that great cause, by illustrating the distinction be-
tween spiritualities and seculars; between whit was
dee to God and what belonged to Cesar ; by esta-
blishing the right of private judgment es well as of
public profession and worship. Suck was the good
which that man of noble daring and vigorous intel-
lect had conferred upon mankind. The question,
then, for those who adopted the principles of Luther,
and appreciated their Mee, was this, whether they
would allow their principles to stand still, or whether
they world allow them to go backward or forward ?
But be world& ask, could the followers of Luther
sod Protostantima be reconciled to lot those piaci-
pies stand still, while millions of People in the South
of &rope were strange.* to „that blessedutes whisk
they... Protestants enjoyed ; for bow many persons
in Europe were still unacquainted sr kb the principles
of the Reformation*? What, for instance, Tit the
*Perdido* ef. Portearric Spain, and - Torkei.? This
condithos-tamphopoopand how cooed *commits be
persuaded to stand still and_ decline to make any
effort* for needletestillif lied in Inielsriase number of
our kii0111140011161110•Ceriailliy not. For if they 1
would ?tied still, they mold not 'oppose that the
Pepe, the Jesuits, sod the Inquisition, would stand
still alsO.---Thee was it possible that the Protestants
of the oreitset da'y coild ever'think of going back.
'ward, as Soule of their predecessors were infants.
mealy disposed to do in the ti;no of Eduard VE. it
was recorded. in history, that ite the course of that
'pats Monarch's reign, there was an insurrection in
Itlfideskire. the °Neat of which was to restore the role
' Popery. The insirgenti were, indeed, excited by
Popielt Priests, 'who *led them en, bearing the Cross
at their bead. This Insurrection was, it would
be remembered, so formidable, that, ords Rus-
sell and Grey . requited a large force to pet it
down.. Bat it was remarkable, that according
to the 10th of ' the fifteen articles published by
the iresergents, as declaratory of their purpose, it
was stated that all Bibles, or English publications.
with regard to the Holy Scriptures, must be called ia,
or that the Priests would not be able to confound the
heretics. He, was alt aosittas.us any man to chetahs
from any allusion to politics upon this occasion. But
such abstinence was not altogether practicable from
the nature of the subject. For according to hie con-
victim., and the coevictio• was, be believed, universal
among reflecting wee; the political importance of this.
conntrys its literary, commercial, samsfactariug, mad

• .
, . ~ : . Y
- .
• -
, . .
. .• , , . . ~
. • .
____...:............ -.
...,...---it- - ---;",---;" - .- --- - --- - .-.,,...,,,,.....t. _ =LETA - ....alp . -... .5.,:-.÷;-:,::_lt. -_, .-.2.7..... •,,.-.... 7
_. • . .• • . . . ... . saionwmidassowlaii.
. • 'T
,-,•,-
.8 FO A 1 ILITIO N.
lbsecily is rosssaido IsothaS; In Whiles works hero t Mr. B. said be mold not hotter inscribe the ea
—.6.-- wal imallita variety, lbw* la oh hit
.074641 than in the words of +Milton, whim he gaoled fro
id,—.1....a1ma a. anialis ma nuaretna MAME Mr la saaarklmoll ••• ma......... 1 .. —I t_ . 2.2 _ - • ..
