KKADINO ASSOCIATION FOR PM/CURL:IU
OF ELECTION.

Y

• 4 _ ,
• ThT anniversary dinn:T of this institution took Place At*
Crown tun. Reading. on Thursday last. Iletww n :SO and
(Vt gentlemen assembled on this occasion. The chair was
very ably filled by James Wheble, Esq.; the Ileptity-chair.
with equal propriety, by T. Gondleke, Esq. Amongst the
company we observed C. F. Palmer, Esq. and J. B. Monek,
Esq. the Members for the borough ; J. C. llobliouse, Esq.
J. Green, Esq. F. Craven, Esq. It. Marsh, Esq. C. Hall.
Esq. Rigby, Esq. &c. Sir F. Burdett would. we un-
derstand, have been present, but the sudden illness of one
of his daughters prevented him.
Soon after live o'clock, the company eat down to a sub-
stantial dinner.
When the important duties of the table had been des-
andjustice had been done to the usual toasts of
The King," " The other branches of the Royal Family,"
The Woodcut Wells of (ltd England," and " The Army,"
The SECRETARY proceeded to read the constitution of the
Association, the object of which, as set forth in its consti-
tution, is to gnerd against the exercise of undue and Illegal
influence in the election of Members to represent the boreugh
in Parliament. For this purpose a considerable sum of
money has been raised by subscription, out of which the
society propose to afford compensation to any elector, with-
out regard to his political principles, whose interest may
have suffered in consequence of his having voted in opposi!
don to the wishes of those by whom lie was employed in
trade, or with whom he happened to be, in any other way,
beneficially connected.
• Mr. GREEN, in the absence of the Treasurer. then read a
-report of the state of the Society's funds, which was ex-
remely satisfactory.
••After letters from John Walter, Esq, of Bear Wood, near
Readieg, snit freer Francis Cholmondetey, Esq. of Grimsby,
lii.!kshire, had been read, apologising for their absence.

The CIiXIIMAN then rose and said. that the gentlemen
present having heard the flattering report or the state of
their finances, and having also heard the Resolutions on
which the Association was founded, he would now proceed
to the less formal business of the evening. Could it, he ,
asked, ho necessary, canvassed as the Society was oat of
doors—admired ns it was in their hearts, by many who were
ant connected with it—supported as it was by the t:dents and
character of several new and distinguished members, some
of whom he saw around hint—could it be necessary for him
to expatiate on tba benefits which must arise from the la-
bours of such an Insteutioa ; or to point out the advantages
which nmst emanate from an extension of the principles on
which it was founded ?—(Applause.) Well might the friends
of corruption cry out against such a body : they were hate-
, ful to his sight; they were loathsome to his feelings. Rut,
strange indeed would it be. if persons who well knew the
nature of the Association, if persons who were connected
with that borough turned round, end misrepresented them.
Were there indeed such persons? He would only say, that
there should not be such. Hut let those who entertained
those false and perverted views visit them at Reading.—
(Applause.) A rural ride might, perhaps, open their eye?,
and undeceive them. Suit 11 a ride had had that effect on a
writer of great force and ability. He denied that they
were " a hump"—he disclaimed the vile appellation.—(Ap-
plause.) They were not hypocrites, having purity and free-
dom of election on their tongues, while bribery and corrup-
tion were lerking within their breasts.—(Applause.) They
were incapable of such base duplicity. They were not
visionary demagognes, seeking after that which was unattain-
able. They were not the blind partisans of any man anxious
to support hint under all circumstances, at all risks, ant at all
hazards. lu the presence of the member for Reading—those
consistent. attentive, laborious, and indefatigable members—
(loud cheering)—ht their presence he would repeat, that
they were not the associated partisans of Mr. A. Mr. B. and
Mr. C. ( Appl- use.) Party designations were unknown to
them. Their prinrip'es were too liberal to be hemmed in
and circumscribed by tho bounds of party. (Applause.)
Their doors were thrown open to all. The portals of ifieit
edifice embraced the whole of the united kingdom. lti p r
I:1.s were Truth and Justice. and Purity o: Election was erns'
blazoned on its entablature. (Applause.) Conscious in the
integrity 'of their motives, they were thus prepared to throw
an regls arot n.l the poor Reading toter, which would effect-
it ely protect him from the shafts of undue influence—nu
aegis, behind the bulwark of whose anKtle folds he might e-..-
ereise uncontrolled his greatest privilege—the elective fran-
chise. (Applause.) Although at present the efforts of the
association were local, they hoped in lime to give much
greater extension to their views—they hoped to see other
counties, inspirited by their aid and example, Rend cleat-
handed members to Parliament, till, as pile after pile was
driten.aneflicientbarrier would be formed against the over-
, whelming surge of corruption which now threatened to (mgt.
throw the last remaining bolt-arks of popular rights.
—Nor was it a vain thought that the principles en which.
they acted,' travelling through the country, and gathering
strength and force as they proceeded, would hi ceme a nu-
cleus front which would ultimately emanate a pure and liberal
system of policy—(applause)—such a system as would pre-
, vent the powerful from acquiring that improper influence
which was mentioned with approbation in a. late nnworthy
speech delivered at Liverpool—(applause)--an influence;
it Melt, if not checked, must and in the slavery of the people,'
and produce anarchy, confusion, earl irremediable ruin. p a
planer.) To prevent the occurrence of such evils, wash ha
conceived, the object of that association—and it IVllka MOW
object. He therefore begged leave to propose, „Perma-
nence, increase, and prosperity, to this institution." The
toast was drank with acclamation.
The Cu URMAN next gav•—•• An efficient Reform in the
Commons House of Parliament."

The Vice-PuESIDENT said, he was perfectly well satisfied.
that the toast which he was about to propose would be re-
ceived with the most cordial and friendly feelings. Ile pro-
posed " The health of the Members. for Reading," which
was drank with three times three.
Mr. F. Psam EH rose to return thanks. in lonising round
him, he mu,t, he said, agree most perfectly with an 'obser-
vation which had been 'wide by the Chairman In the course
of his speech. lie had the satisfaction of seeing assembled
on this occasion, not may those who had supported this so-
ciety from its first fouudation to the present hone, but he had
also the pleasure of seeing gentlemen, holding a great stake
in the county of Betts, who had recently joined them. From
circumstances which had recently occurred, there was every
reason to believe that the friends of Parrnmentary Reform
had. considerably increased in that town and neighbourhood :
but much still remained to be done; for many gentlemen
were unwilling to come forward. The class he alluded to
was country gentlemen. They were charged with having
lost all concern for public liberty—they were chnrged with an
abandonment of that love for 'their country which was The
distiegnishing characteristicof their brave ancestors. New,
he' was aware that an opportunity would speedily he given to
the country gentlemen, in various counties, to step forward
and repel t‘le charge. Ile well knew the ONCIISV made for
them on various occasions, that they were enaccustomed to
public business ; that Parliament would do what was right
that the county members were very able and intelligent men.
and would act with great propriety. Now. he would admit.
for argument sake, that the country members were the most
painstaking and lahoriotts persons that could he selected.
There were 91 of them ; and he would also allow that they
were representatives of the people. The members for
great towns were 00 in number, making a total of 1:32 re-
presentatives of the people in the House of Commons. If
he were wrong in his statement. Bireh's Political Diva-
&ilium was wrong, the Elector's Guidc was wrong—in
short, every book on the state of the representation was
erroneous. Ile believed, however, that he was perfectly
right. How, then, was the majority made up winch uni-
formly suprorted Ministers? They were elected from
different sources. There were boroughs of various descrip-
tions—seine places returning two members, having. perhaps.
rtoo inhabitants. very few of who:n were electors; others
having 300.• 100, 50, and down as tow as 10. also returned
members; but the most curiots part of the system was,
that the fewer the electors, the more steady were the mem-
bers In supporting Ministers. Of this fact he would adduce
two instances, which had been mentioned by Lord J. Russell,
when his motion for Parliamentary Refcrm was discussed.
The first was the question of the salt-tax. aid he alltel sl to
it s,eciflcally, because he did !tot like to he accused of ;test-
ing in generals. On that occasion. the members for comities
and great towns voted three to one against the salt tax ; het
' still the Ministers carried it. But hew did theyearry it? By
the votes of the representatives of the small boroughs, who
I Sere returned some by three, sotne by four, and NM.. by a
dozen of electors. This was sumewhat c.trious, 'amuse it

111;p8; S.Vietshoaeut rkbeingPgilolgoduilmthet:hreiross eoft;an'rtlligateltleetwit!" Itth.ewa's";:e's
fered that men bred up in the same public school umbibee
tithe smite erineiples of liherty, the same independen e of
spiristwliri
ivnt jeltritiset—vdohsuteladioelai.
tic.; ti.e.ri %it,
ter
dr ieMgwdeani esitiane
set
sest.c.nn to
ildnoosl ettkannocratt
le
h.
lyre:
,sleetiaiu.t,
t
ru-nenrkable es the former. except for what happened at the
Anse of the delete. The question was the abolition of the
joint Post maelew-kiretwol ; sad on that swessien ssweet ex- •
traorelinary doctrine was broached—a doctrine as remotest
to the principles of the constitution, es could be advanced in
or nut of the Howse of Commons: The Minister openly said,
•• that keel's% places were absolutely necessary, ae. p
counterpoise to the increasing weight of the people." Tel
ndrance sac!: a doctrine was to declare. that,"sl proporthee
as the people 'sled for retreaehment, there should be ex'ra-
sagimee, and in proportion as they demanded a pure goverus
ensue there should be intrigue and corruption ; the more so,
too, because,' by such means alone, could Miuisters hope to
prevent the people, when once their jealousy was awakened.
from spying into: abuses. (Applause.) Men sheaf foie
some alarm under these eircuaustanees ;4 and if Members of
Parliament were induced to support niersetrosts, jobs, tti
sanction gross impositions, and to oppose the petitions elle:
people for reform, it became every friend of liberty in, tied
country to look the danger boldly is the face, to mark
the peril to which the Constitution was imposed, en
In devise a fitting re tardy for the evil. ((treat Applause.,
He could adduce 200 leatances of the mischiefs which the
country. had sustained, is consequence of the existence of
rinse boroughs. livery man oiler was sent to Parliament
ought to he responsible to the people. Rat, if lie were only
accountable to the patrols, all responsibility was at an god—
.11 then became a mere mockery. To illustrate this, it one
only necessary to observe, that when the Grenville pasty
came Leto power. none of theta were the representatives of
large towns. When they were appointed to office, they Va-
cated their seats, and applied to be re-elected. Lin whom
del they apply? Either to the immediate patron of the bo-
rough, or to the electors themselves. who were very few in
number, and therefore their return was quite certain. The
cede was different when a county election was necessary.
lie recollected, when Mr. Yorke joined administrative, some
years ego, that gentleman was not retorned by his former '
constituents. He was member for the county of Cambridge
when he accepted of the Tellership of the Evehequer. Ile •
hoped to be re-elected for the county, but the freeholders
rejected him, and returned Lord P. ()shone. What Was
the consequmwe lie was the next day elected for a ('or- •
nish borough. This was a strong proof of the advantages
of popular elections, and the disadvantagss of close boroughs.
Ile would now observe, that whoever neght be the ministers
of the reentry, or whatsoever factions might arise in if, ft
behoved all the friends of Pprliamentary Rees en to lay asi
those groundless distinctions which were brought forward '
fer no other purpose but to amuse the people and procure
delay. He hoped, therefore, that associations like that of
Reading would he formed wherever it was poseible. Associ-
aliens were at present legal, aid ministers mist provide a
ter et. th act to prohibit them. if the people did not emendate.
they could do no no good—they would etc but as a rope of
sand. •lf the reformers urtited, the majerite of nenneers
was in tl a favour, and there certainly was uo infereor ty of
mime. They had a good argroment, mod they could mate .
the Lest of it. The honourable gentleman clench/Ile le Ey
expressing a hope that such a peen of Paella/re:wary Reform
would he drae 0 up as would unite in one body all tho freed;
of Reform. Such a plan adopted with motion, and serpent-
ed with firmness and unaltheity, must succeed. But if a plait
of that description were not formed, he feared the preside
must long remain as they were. (Applause.)
Mr. J. B. hloece begged leave also to return Menke for
the very kind notice which had been taken of him. neldto
assure the assembly that they would find him, in all time,:
and plume., ready ,o support the cause of purity of election.
The best wart* purify the House of Cosner was to keep
the electors pure; because, if the fonntein-head be impure.
alt that proceeded from it must likewise be impure.—
(Applanse.). What was the strength of their relrersaries
An encasing endeavour to revile Parliamentary Reform. and
a constant vigilance ht procuring a packed House of Com-
mons, coml'osed of Members who were nut sent there by
the *Metro( the'people, bat by thefatssf some single patron.
It was fo Members `of this class, who represented rotten
haroughs, that Government chicly paid attention; and to
them exclusively they distributed all places and pensions.
A paper was laid on the Otitis of the Hesse, last SelsiOn,
which threw much light on this subject. It appeared front
that document, that PP peewee in the House of Common's
received 119,00 W. of the public money, being about 2,000/.
a-year one with another. Of these individuals no less than
61, being 3-4ths 'of the whole number, were returned for
rotten boroughs; and of 14 Ministers who had seats in the
House of Comoros's, only four represented populous places ;
the rest were rotten-borough nonlife es. No one could sup-
pose this was the effeet of arcident— it was evidendv the
effect sof design. The wholesome 'Statute df Queen Arne.
whltit.sent a representative who accepted of office tack to
his constituents, for their approval or rejection, was ren-
dered a mere dead letter by the rotten baronets: for what
ate was there ht sending a man teethe inhabitants of such
Maces as Old Santee where no oppoSitian could take place?
Thus, their which was int.:acted for the supper' of the peo-
ple's rights, was converted into n shelter for the Insadete
of those rights—(applause)—end those rotten borough
Mere the 'novena to which Min?-tern retreated for protec-
fiats against the storms of popular indignation —( Applause:).
was the case with Lord. Castlereagh, a man most un-
popular here, and, absolutely baled In Ireland ; and yet that
istan sat for the county of 1) emit. But hew did he sit three?
Was' lie rettirned by the voice of the people? No; but by,
time voice of one patron—the Marquis of Downahhe : for It .
mast be known to all, that the realties in 'relied were he
corrupt as the boroughs here. Mr. Wakefield stated, In his
walk, that the Noble Alarquiscoule bring 30,000 fteeheichis
pp to the poll—maanfeetered fre. holdevs. by whom the
erorts of such as we-re independent we re effectually marred.
Every effort, therefore, ought to be made to put down the
system of corruption, and stile he was, that the people of
this country would never procure a redress of their wrongs,
Until they had a radical Reform—he meant a Reform that
world go to the root of the evil.—(Applause.) lie had his
hopes that Reform was making considerably progress In tide
country. The pressure of distress. however much to be
lamented in other respects, brought at least this consola-
tion, that it operated its fat our of Reform. He believed,
that in the next session, there would be a strong contest be-
tween Corruption and Itefurin. When it came, they should
tind him at his post, advocating Purity of Election, Reform.
and retrenchment, against raper, extravagance, and cur-
, emptiest.
Toast—" Honesty in Electors, the best security against
correption."
Toast—" Lord Milton, Mr. Fawkes, and the other Par-
liamentary Reformers of Yorkshire."
The CHAIRMAN then proposed " The Member for West-
minster e Ito has honoured us with his presence this day."
Mr. Houitoese: said. he believed it was digest ininereS-
sary for any Reformer, certainly not for so hearty a Re-
former as he hoped lie had proved Isiamelf to be, to accusal
for his appearance amongst the Electors of Reading.—
Ile could not say that he looked forward with the same (let-
tering views of hope and expectation as the honourable
gentlemen who had already ad.h cored then seemed to ant, r-
lain. Redid not &tee of the eltimate triumph of reform—
that he believed was certain beet to suppose that it would
arrive in the next. are the succeeeline session, or the session
atter that, require.' More of sanguine expectation than city
could cherish who contemplated what England had to slues.
and what she had pro:eel-a fur the last century, more etre-
cularly at a time when the most might have been hoped from
the eeertiem of reforms rs. It was true, they now saw in the
renks of the reformers men who were formerly inimical to
them—alto tried, by every effort la their power, to extinguish
eery spark of the sacred' flame of liberty. But reformers
could not reknit tench on the support of men who acted mere-
ly from interested motives. lie would suppose an extrava-
gant case, namely, that there was n rise of price—that the
comodity or manufacture of corn (for such and such only it
was) fetched a price in the market that wool.l remunerate
the grower: if, then. they found these new eons, eta firm in
emir principles. to would gist) them credit for the disie-
terssiedness of their motives, but not till them. (Applause )
Ile would net, however. be so unjust as to arraign cadre
elaAses by wholesale. There were, undeubtedly, useeptions
to this gereerel statem-nt. Mr. Fawkes was rem of those.
and be meld name reteral others. But it was lamentable to
think, that uhlist these were suffering who simper:eel the
system v bleb hat engendered all Sln Fe mile. there el."
others, sullering to an evil (lege e, by whem it bad been

Mr,
that
feed.
Mend)
Thi
Presi:
the II
numb
reoftpr
sect

,Yoga
bpi I
rich t
raptly
!wroth
for it
with a
tuarkf
to wit
anti 11
it
PORT
of do
A LI
yr.trr
Coral
iwintr

ing
A Dm
Police
ary If

on agi
from t

on tin
It is e
horses
from
urea!
HMI
8111 in.

11;iven,

waiter!
I -11 n
rooltra

death.
Ttsc
after fi
neigh!.
the eol

about I
faces a
Mc!,
the
put off
enornie
beadlt
of; the
have sl
:in oar,

vavi 1,
leaves
thrin
fAmilie
names

Niattb,
James
ebildre
jar.'in
ef R
ed by
filleCte
tun f
from t
warder

pose
doe col
Blurpl
by Sir
'Agri]
The CI

who t
theta.
Lew•
supplit
The
Wit-I
to 21.

manfully opposed—who showed that they were willing. in
the worst of times. to support a nation which was insulted,
t‘rnnnize.l over, and neglected in all its dearest interests. A
rise of price would do nothing ; for it had been shown,, and
a thousand times, to bee mere temporary teller, and, to do
rernianeni good to one class of the community, it wainices-
sar that ther should legittiale so as to do good to all, and by
the dissemiiittion of those principles which they had met to
support, had set on foot the only remedy which any man
of experience would apply to the existing evil. With re-
spect to the suggestion of the Honourable Gentleman (Mr.
Palmer), that the Reformers should all come forward as
Oultscribers to one definite proposal, he thought that it was-
hardly necessary. if they agreed on one thing—to get rid
of the present base system—lt would be sufficient.
Mr. F. PALMER. announced, that an association similar to
that of Reading had been established by Mr. Ashford Sand-
fins'. la,Sometrsetshlre. The health of the founder and the
members of the club was drank with loud applause.
The health of the Chairman. of Mr.Goodiake, the Vice-
Presi lent. who will fill the chair next year; of Mr. Marsh,
the late Chairman : of Mr. Rigby, and the Independent
members of the British bar; and of Mr. Talforde, were
re'Spectively drank. Each of those gentlemen returned
thanis, hut our limits preclude us from (reporting their

speectibs.

Coltswr Matsui Twarrac—The Beggar's Opera
was acted' 1114 "sight, 'and Miss PATON, for the first
time silica bir• late indisposition, resumed the
charaen4 of P011y..---Her merit in this part
is so well known, that minute description may
lie spared,—lt afforded us ' pleasure to remark,
that her health seems to improve, and to find
her capable of throwing into her performance all that
animation, potter, and variety, which formerly cap.
Heated the torn.• In the duet " 0 Polly, you might
have toyed and kissed," the admirable execution of
her portion of it, •• But hese W.:et' me," produced an
encore. " 0 ponder well,' was given with exquisite
feeling, and the duet of "Over the hills and far
away,. went off with great spirit. She was not a 1,..
,.. - aye, sufficiently bold in the scenes with Lucy,
t her ', Ouse your Funning" yielded a very
• h treat to the lovers of harmony. Its repetition was
ye
rapturously dentatiderl, and after it had been sung a
second time, thele appeared a strong dispesition to call
for it once : more. PEARMAN went through Macheath
with I good deal of ability: His principal songs obtained
marks of general approbation, and " How happy could I
be with either," he was compelled to repeat. BLANCHARD
and BARTLEY made Pcachum and Lockit highly emus
log ; and MISS 11ALLA 'IDE as Lucy, and Mrs. baveN-
rosy as .11rs.Peachuni, contributed largely to theinirth
of the evening.
AILICUED LSI:ISM—Four or five news-venders were
yesterday taken into custody, by the Peace Officers of
College-street, Divisional Police Office, for circulating
Witted papers of an alleged libellous tendency, purport-
ing abe a 1411 df 7;ntertalnments, by an Indian Juggler.
A Doctor Willow, of Coleraine, admitted, at the Head
Police Office, yesterday, that he was the author and pub-
halter of those papers.—(Drblin Morning Post, Janu-
ary 16th,)
The Lords of the Treasury have directed that the tax
on agrienhutal horses employed in saving the property
from the range Nicholas, wrecked under Seaford Cliff,
on the 26th of November last, is not to be demanded.
It is expected a similar order will be issued for all the
horses employed in saving and removinr the property
from on hoard the East India ship 'Thames, lately
stream] off Eaetbourne.
BRlcorrox, JAN. 17.—0 n Wednesday evening, the
Bth inst. Mr. Stone, clerk to the Comptroller at New-
haven, midi Messrs. Head, Winder, and Banks, tide.
waiters of Newhaven, and a dragoon,fell in with a 00111-
S .i,v of sonigglers, near South East Bridge, laden with
• contraband goods. The officers made id attack on the
sittorgiers, which the latter resisted, but the officers
were not to be intimidated ; a desperate encounter corra-
-1 meneed, when :•••• officers secured 16 tasks of spirits,
and safely deposited the same in the Custom House at
Newhaven. A blow was made at the dragoon with a
bludgeon, who returned the compliment with his
sword ; am!. it is stated, that the smuggler had his
thumb cot off. The sword of Hoed was broken, but the
recon,int was covered with blood, which shews that his
antagonist was wounded. Banks aimed his pistol at-
rise of the smugglers, who had violently assaulted him,
but it snapped,,or the offender would have paid the for-
feit of Iris life fur his misconduct. The smugglers
escaped by a rapid flight over hedges and ditches.
• We understand that fifty Beres of that delightful vale,
midway between the Marine parade and Race course, is
isnmediately to tie 'walled in, and the ground tastefully
laid out fur tea and pleasure gardens.
• During half a century last past, woodcocks were never
recollected to
shave been so plentiful in this part of the
world, ay at present. Early in the week, as Mr. Chat-
field, of Wick, was hurting a hedge row. on a farm of
his own, at Horton, with a solitary pointer, in less than
It •If an hone be fleshed no less a number than twelve
woodcock', nine of which, in as many shots, he had the
good fortune to bag. It is the opinion of many persons
that when such birds visit us in unusual abundance, that
it foretells a long and rigid winter; and present ap-
peara-ces are in nowise at variance with the predictive
spirit of starts a remark.
Fat oa T 9 o'cLocu, r.m.—The rigour of the season con-
tinnets, without any apparent indication of a speedy thaw.
During iVe,:netelay evening, a lad, driving a cart
between Schorehain and Lancing, was frozen to
death.
Two respectable butchers of this town started a little
after fire on the morainic of Wednesday last, to attend a
neig It bottri n r cattle market, but from the intenseness of
the cold, were obliged to return after having proceeded
htIOUt two Miles. Their breath actually frose, and their
faces were literally covered with a sheet of ise.
MaLssicisoLv Loss or Lives.—A large yawl, called
" the Seaman's Assistance," belonging to Lowestoft,
put off from that plant about one o'clock on Saturday
morning last, n jai William Botcher, a pilot, and seven
headmen on hoard, which has not since been heard
of; there is, therefore, every reason to fear she must
have shipred a sea and sank, with all hands on board ;
an oar, a chest, and some other part belonging to the
v'awl, bare been picked up near Aldborough, which
leaves but little doubt of the fate of tier crew. Four of
them were single men, and the remainder have left large
families to deplore thier loss.—The following are their
names . William Butcher, blot, wife and four children:
William Butcher, son of W. Butcher, pilot, single;
Matthew Conran, or Coleman, wife and five children;
James Hatcher, single; James Fletcher, wife and three
children ; Samuel (ireen, wife and two children ; Ben-
janiin Parrett, single; and Jonathan Ayres, single.
...CORK, Dec. 11.—This day, Mr. John Palmer, assist-
ed by Mr. J. P. Mathias, juts. and other peace officers,
succeeded in securing three bags of copper and about
a tan of rope, which appear to have been plundered
from the wreck of the Wears, at Dallycotton, and for-
warded on cars laden with corn to *his city, for the pur-
pose of' being sold. One of the men made his escape, in
the confusion created at the seizure, and the othe?, Thos.
• Murphy, has been secured and committed to Bridewell,
by Sir A. Pert ier. The copper and rope have been safely
lodged in the stores of Messrs. Cnthbnert, Hare and Co.
The cars and horses have been returned to the owners,
who made affidavit they were only hired to convey
them.
Lewes stock market, on Tuesday, was rather thinly
supplied with mutton. .
Time price of corn at Lewes market on Tuesday,
was—white wheat, 21. 2s. to 21. 4e. ; red ditto, 11. IS..
to 21.

111E111MbANiiim

iiiii
