." •

;,

ar ^

wir----u--.--m-,----
THO INTON also p..,_
of conciliation towards his Majesty's Roman Cacho- :
agaM.,,e'l Ike hill, from the Inhabitants
lie subjects, several Ex-officio Informations had been .
resorted to, either relating to subjects which did not I dertlit'to lie over till the third reading of
The Malt Regulation Bill was read a th,
require any such proceeding, or resorted to in a man- 1 t
wakit. rose PA
tLoNcol
rrec'St
aCulLi!
1,, Colonel .
nor unprecedented and oppressive. One instance lis Kt rof4,:,' i.• . minimal. •r'
had occurred, which he thought peculiarly called foil ! enspt will (mow thtrwifiertyrra,_vm, .5,
notice. A pamphlet had been published, entitled lhoril7don 00.,..,N.5te:17:;(.16111.• t Irk .
ii do Enquiry into the Point Code tiffecting. itaijLiristr e",147,U7-athe-ilui (hot ~__ all etc.._ _
Rontanfeatholics," and the Government of Ireland, ple4hed himself for Mr. Palmer, that if am mistake bad oc-.
As Wig la Ibiairlfill, in trade 'WM Kittle to the
instead of answering this enquiry by argument or !,..... ; r
epoll pihe' .o. every tax which this was erroneously sapposed to
fact, idsolla to reply to it by means of an Ex-cillicio . exemptil
him from. . .
Lainriliation, in a manlier wholly unprecedented, the : The Army Prize Money Bill and the Lifee-Annuity Eiit were'
Attartiey7General having served the Printer of the .severally mat' iluld twe audpassed.
VOTE OF CRF.DIT.
pamphlet-with a notice to appear at his, the Attorney- ! The CHANCELIDR of the EXCHEQUER brought up
General's, hquse, to she+ cause wh.l„-,att Ex-olicio• , from the Prince Regent the usual Message relatiyALlo* Vote of
Information sliOuld not be filed egainst against him. • Credit.—Ordered to be taken into Co
in a Committee
to-morrow.
Re (Rail Grey) had enquired of several persons con- 1 The Consolidated Food Bill, the Mtunire Carriage Bill, the
versant with proceedings of this nature, whether Coffee Bill, the Warehousing Bill, the He of Man Trade Bill,
they know any thing of this mode 4: proceeding '; nod
-,-, ' the Segal. Spirits' Hill, were severally committed, tii.cl or-
-I,d to he reported tu-mormw.
and they had all .agreed, that it:was a mode of pro-- !• A Message was received from the Lords., stating, that .their
ceeding 'hitherto altogether unknoven and unheard Lordships tract agreed to the :Irish Population Bill, and to the
Starch Duty Bill, withootaby Amdment.
of. It was iinder.these inspressioni_ that he agreed : • m •
PRIVY PURSE.
. with his Noble Friend in the • propriety of. his Bills, ! The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved for
of which, as far as he understood their object, he leave to bring In a Bill to enable the Keeper of his Majesty's
Privy Purse to transfer all Stiick standing in his Nlajese,'s name
hilly approved:: •''.' ' ' •
- , • . HIGHWAYS. - ,in any of the Public Funds; •hi such manner its the Commss.ion-
' ers for managing the Privy` Purse should direct.
!AprELDON moved the second reading of the After u few words from Mr. TIERNEY and front Mr.,pl-'
Mon:ay (rdi. - . . . : .511it)N,
• •
• . _ Mr. BROUGH Al wished to know whether any, and what
The Karl of .LAUDERDALE objected' to the
deternsloatinis had-hcen come to as to the claim of the persons
Bill as eperati4 pppressively upon the occupiers of who had lost property to the amount of half a million at CI l•
linid, and moved to postpone the •d. t•• penhogen, and which property Admiral found its way into this laud,
KNon Tealig. qv antler the title of Droits of the ty ? - •
three months. • . :• • . 1 The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER. was still nu-,
• Lord ELIOT wished. the Bill to go to a Commit. • able to give any satisfactory answer on this head.
Leave was then given iolstiag in the Bill.
tee, whore the objectionable clauses might be fully,}.
considered. , , FINANCE RESOLUTIONS.
. Mr. TI ERN El• gave satire that he should, on Wednestfity,
After nom, observations from Lord Redesdale, the - move certain Resolutions of Fimmee to meet those of the Chau-
the ' cellnr e Exchequer.
Faris of Radnor, ,Hardnicke, and Itossyln, • The titA NCELLO It of the EXCHEQUER wished that the
motion for postponement was negatived, and the . Right Honourable Gentleman would allow his Resolutions tole,
Bill read a second time and committed for Thursday.: printed along With those of the Honourable Baronet's (Turim), i
APPEALS IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS. and those whittle. himself had ill rlyl/4!.. To give time fotr '
Lord RIit)ESDALF: moved the Order of the Dly dsool'untlosnso, he should postpone the consideration of his own Be-
*
for the further consideration of the Report on the EX-OFFICIO INFORMATION.
..
Bill t! 44 For the better Adniiiiistration of Justice." 1 Mr. SIIERID.N rose, without ny notice, to
It was read accordiegly• 1. . moie for flue interference of the House a
in a Matter
Lord ILEDESI)A LE then rose to give some fur- 1 which he presumed to think they would esteem uo
ther explanation of the reasons which induced him i notice necessary. 11e understood that a Ctiminal .
to submit this measure to the house. In the last ! Information had been filed against a Printer in Dub-
, had been appointed to make the !lin, of the name of Fitzpatrick, for printing and
-- _ _

Session a Committee hat ppt
necessary investigations, and the result was a Re-
port, irt which. it Has stated that she numerous Ap-
peals already entered could trot be decided unless
the Chanceller were to sit for that purpose during
three days of the week. The rapid augmentation
pf business, particularly of motions in the Cowl of
Chancery, rendered it absolutely necessary that if
the presonce of the Keeper of the Great Seal were
required in 1111. Peels, a represeteative should be
provided to set in his Court. The Bill he proposed,
therefore, by pros ;ding such a Vice-Chancellor, ,
would eriab!,e the resent occupant of the Woolsack
to attend in this three days in every week, un-
lit the arrears %ter.. reduced to a certain extent, and
regsilnrly fur two days lit every week subsequently.
It might be urged, that the Chancellor ought to call 1
upon the Judges to lend him assistance in his Court,'
as well as in the House, woenever the business is
both was greatly accumulated; but the truth was, that
nose of the Common Law Judges could be spayed
from their coup Courts.; and admitting that they
coula, their decisions would lead to further disputes,
thus defeating the very object they were attempting
to accomplish. His Lordship moved, that a verbal
amendment be inserted, and. that the Ma be en-1
grossed.
Lord RADNOR objected to the title of the BM,
" For the Better Administration of Joitice." He
was convinced that juatice could not be better admi-
nistered, although it mightbe more expeditiously.
Lord ahlD'....ii.)ALE eXpressed his willingness to
alter the title of the Mil to meet the wishes of the
Noble Lord. •
Lord HOLLAND said a few words across the table
which were not hearth.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that whatever
might be the sentiments of persons out of doors, he
was confident, that when he should be no more, if
. there was. one quality for which he uould be ad-
mired by the People of Englaud more than another,
it was the anxiety lie had shewn to expedite private
business by th., decision of appeals in that !louse.—
lie had seen certain comparisons between himself and
hit predecessor published, the injustice of which,
as manifest to all persons acquainted with the real
state of business iii the Court of Chancery. "Ale
arrear of. ea 1130 C, and the delay in their decision so
. much complained of, arose from many causes, but
chirlly frcm one. When he was young, what was
technically called the seal, only lasted one day, during
which, only mere matters of course were decided :
now it orciipied tot only the seal day, but generally
the intervening space between one seal and another ;
this arose from the circurric,ances that parties drew
their bills and answers in such a manner, as to ob-
tain the decision of the Court immediately on points,
the consideration of which ought to%have occupied
weeks. Thus many causes were decided as motiui,,,

and these were never taken into the when
the arrears were cctr.plained of. 'the visible eccu-
Nni of the Chancellor formed the smallest part of
hi. ,luties, if he elh.elvarg!sl them faithfully: he had
not 'mR intiontly to itirc. *tote the merits &fa cause
in the Court, but ht tit, closet : sometimes he had
the long details of the ca.es of fifteen or twenty
asuicfactors to peruse, which he constantly did, lw-
.•fore he ventured to give an opinion : he ,had often'
• ,'own to the House worn out with fatigue, when
le hail scarcely had time to step into and out of his
• bed. Time for repose was almost out of the ques-
tion, although he was now arching at the rite. lerati-
num ; when, after spending his life in the service of
his country, he ought to be,able to look tOwirdSthe
' •"

powers still mare.estensive. lie deuted that there
was any evidence to satisfy the House, or that there
had been any evidence laid before the Committee,
which at all went to shew that the violence and out.
rsge continued down to •the latest period, or that
there had been any violence or outrage whatever since
the (..tjd of Juue Inst. The Bill stated, that " where.
as meetings are held, as well by night as by day, by
such persons, fur the purposes of traitiing,"*&c.— •
This he completely denied. There wai not a tittle
of evidence laid before the Committee which entitled
him to say so. One Gentleman did indeed tell them
of 300 persons having assembled in otie place, but
this tallied out to he merely hearsay, and was there-
fore no such information as the House of Commons
• the 'allege(

.

r

impression had prevailed, that those enactment. He concluded with deprecating thej
directed by persons in Loudon.— troduction of peace into the present tlesee„;,,:
m who were supposed to have this di- which, in his opinion, in the present temper elf
egnated ; and so impressed were:the• the country, was the topic of all others most to he
:11 this idea, that he could strew from/ avoided.
one who had been a prisoner in lean_ Sir F. flown: TT observed, that the Ilenouratee
a person had (-ailed upon him while Member who spoke last but one hid given his tee'e;
euiving the name of an individual who molly as to the state of that eart of the comer,
was supposed to have such directienj and designating where he resided ; end neon that testimony the Wide
lllTii' ; vt tll. Some oldie arguments of thelloteGent.who spokelast were
as to suppose it possi- founded. Ile concua red with the ion. Member 0,.„
portents were eves ',deluded,
ble that the bake of York himself was connected low him (Mr. Whitbread) in thlikkine that there es,
with these rioteoseproceerlirigs. There was some-' noteilug its the evidence to bear out the Preamble of
thing so absurd in this, that he (Mi'. Whitbread) the Bill. The argument of necessity was one wee*
could not consent to do so dangerous a thing, as to he watio' general very averse to. It :tees an e
intrust extraordinary powers to such Magistrates. meat Which could at all times he broug t forwe dby
Now that the Orders in Council were repealed, it any Government. After driving a peodle to eve.,
was found that all the manufacturing classes were mities, the very sufferings of the people were Ire,
returning to their employments, what necessity then quently made the pretevt for still severer nteasur
could there be for such a Bill as the present ? Ile The very title of the Bill was defective. 'tweed of
now entered his protest against it, and besought of a Bill for the preservatiod of the Public Peace, it
the House to consider well before they bestowed ought to be called a Bill for the asturbence of tea
such extraordinary powers. In Ireland, they had Peace of the Country, 'sy giving certain new powers
already before them the emetic* of all examples on 'to Justice:e lie believed a deeree of ill-temderee
this subject, and he intreated of the house that they heat had been shown by the M tgistrates of that ,t
would not stiffer themselves, under the impulse of of the country. :elan), o' their acts he could nrier
fear, to be driven to the adoption of such a meaenre i approve of. For itistence, what could be mere
as the present. Ile begged also to impress on the blameable than the manner of eterappiee the people,
Nobte !And and Right llonoutable Gentleman op- and stirring them to acts of atrocity by sending spies
posite, hOw much peace was at this time to be covet- , among them: lie had never heard that such a prin.
ed in this country, if it could be got on honourable ciple had ever beeneacted on by
.any but the devil
terms. It was incumbent on the Ministers of the himself, who tempted people, to have the pleasure of
Crown to make the earliest trial, if peace could be punishing them. The Hoe, Member ler Cambridge
obtained. He presumed not to ask what was. the (Mr.emythehaelasisedeeeeestrouger Government. iie
nature of the answer given to the reedit pacific over. ,di not see tlte necessity ler a stronger Govertnno.it
turf made to this Government ; but of this he was, thee owe etbiel'eeaereed every !lie% it proposed ; wlech
convinced, that the very persons whoie distreestis had had the laws soulliberties. of the country at its cord.
lately driven them to acts of viofeucei would sit !lend; eentlyt:hielreeereed to take credit on the pro-
dawn quietly, and endure every hardelitp, did they ; seat occasion` foe, .itoCciaveig gone all the length its
only know that such a trial would he made.e j its power. lie saw tie necessity for the power, now
Mr...ssncrit had expected, and Gould have . esked for, as even from the confession of the
wished that the Report of the Committee bad beenac- Government the discontents ere on the decline._
companied by extracts froni• the evidence on which Ile could not but view with extreme jealousy every
the Report was founded. Ile was satisfied that the extensiou of the powerof Magistrates. There aria
riots and alarm in the western district of Yorkshire,' many instances of abuse of power mettle part of eta-
so far from being over-stated, had been greatly un- gistrates in the newspapers; dune enuld not lelieve
der-stated. He was happy that the Idea of there be- theyewould venture to ieseet sum& statements
big greater persons connected with the rioters ,was without foundation, at the ritk of. incurring a pro.

. rd lately of yoturg:"Men of
Me
publishing a Pamphlet, entitled An :Eagan?) into ' unfttundedT, but still the secrecy with which the pans
secution. Ile had ea
Penal code offeding • the Rowan Catholics.— iof the rioters were conducted, and the extent
ofetha, the names of Johnson awl Frairkliti, whe Wrie work-
This hail been done at a mcment when the WO Itiarin which prevailed, made some measure highly ing about the house of a gentleman, and• got tic.
Honourable Gentleman and Noble Lord opposite -necessary. If he were asked, continued the Ho- , qttainted with the servant, by whem
.they• were in.
had held out to the 'louse and the country that every
,itourable Member, the most effectual way to.: keep : vited into' the house. The Gentleman, being die.
thing was to ho done that could conciliate the feet- !down disturbances, be would say it would baby the ! plmtsed at this, was not content with' turniog sway
ings of the people of Ireland. His object in making 1 appointment of a stroitg and efficient Government, by , his servant, but took the men before a Clerked Ma-
the present motion, therefore, was to ascertain *he- 1 which be meant a Government that would refuse to gistrate, who committed them to gaol for burg) Irv,
ther this measure had been adopted in consequence 1 fisten to unreasonable clamour, while, at seine time, it ' and refused to take buil for them. Thee were e sfat
of directions frotp the Government here, or if it was did not refuse to consent to the reform of all unrea. I in prison duringilte whole of the winter ; one of then
a spontaneous measure of the Law Officers in Ire. sonahlt grievances. He could state, from his own ' died before trial; and the bill ag tins' the other etas.
land. The notice itself too was rather of anunneeal knowledge, that formany months past representatious 'immediately throw.' oat by the .Graed Jar). Tee
kind, the Defendant being called on 'Or 'appear td I had been made toGovernment by the Magistrates, of i Hon. Baronet stated another Cale
w e here the dill .:1
shew cause at the .house of the Irish Attorney- - I the inabilities of theexisting laws to meet the exigen- : also thrown out. For his part, he was inch: -rl
*era,. He (Mr. Sheridan) did not say that there! cies of the case. In his opittioteit neither reflected on :to think that the discretionary power of Ma.
usight not he something libellous' in the Pomphtet, . the spirit, nor the wisdom Of the Magistrates,, that 1 gistrates ought rather to be curtailed thee et.
but he was afraid that the origin of It all would be I
i they found ordinary means insufficient to resist extra- I creased. In termer times of chteger and ditlieic y
found in the Act of Parliament. He should there- t otdivary danger, Whether Government could have 1 1 our aucestors had recourse to a very detefeet
foie move,. that there be laid before the House a
done more than they did, he knew not, though he , practice. They armed the County, and plsced the
copy of the notice 'llly Mr. Saurin, the Attoree
Se theught that with the aid of the secret service nuiney, ! Sheriff at the head of i., making every distrit' an.
General for rielind, to*Mr. Fitzpatrick, calling on and the stipendiary Police. of the Metroptdis, the pre- swerable for the theeettations committed in it. This
him to appear.at Mr.Saurin's chambers, in Stephen's sentapplleation might havebeen rendered
unnecessary.i was the mode directed by the 13th Edward the ei. st;
Green, to show cease why. Criminal Information —lle certainly, however, thought the House ought ! but we, on the con,:er), thought proper to de.
ahould not Or filed. 'again's', hilts,. for priuting and .not to separate before *taking some steps to assist !tunt every person in times of danger, 1k could not
publiihing the PaMphiet in question. the well alideted, and to destroy the hopes of the ' conceive a more humiliating circumatance than mark-
Lord CASTLEREAGH ileclired that he was per- disaffected., Twq circumstances ought not to be ing a people in this manner with The badge of slavery
fectly uninformed on the subject; he hoped, there- I lost sight of-by the House—first, that the powers and degradation. !le, for his part, would rather
'fore, that the'ltight Hen. Gentleman would not press I given ought to 'be' temporary, and not merely tem. die on his oees are hold than consent to give un his
!his motion without notice. purary, but for the shortest possible time ;—and se- arms to any !arsons who chose to deeand them.—
After s few words from Mr. WHITBREAD and I condly, that ' '
ought to be • ' but what This was a power which, except exercised with the
no powers
Mr. PARNELL, I were absolutely necessary, not forgetting that all greatest discretion, would put the whole country in
Mr. .SHERIDAN agreed to convert his motion I
i extraordinary powers given to Magis rates was •so a flame. He had been aeon, 1 of a systeleatic de-
ist° a notlee foe Wednesday. !much taken front the liberty of the subject. Al- sign to overturn the Government. This was fess,
PRESERVATION 'OF PUBLIC PEACE BILL. I though lie appieved of the power to search for and if it was meant to say he entertained any design to
, ()tithe Motion for the second reading of this Bill, ! seize arms, he felt a doubt of the propriety of gin- overturn the Constitutioe of the Country ; left there
Mr. WHITBREAD declared, that on perusing' ing power to make all individuals surrender up Awe-, one design
,a•which he certainly did entertain, and
the Bill he felt no more disposed to approve of the • their arms, whether willingly or unwillittely, when on which he itadetiv'verys acted, to kni t Nether the
measure than he had been when the proposition was asked to do so by anY•twe Magistrates. 'rue ground Crown and the People, for the purpose of overturn.
first submitted to the House. The Billtegan by stet- ° alleged for giving this power was, that arms which I ing all corrupt and uncoustitotional influence. That,
ing that " arms have for some time past been judos- '• were no security to the well-affected, ought not to ,he owned, wee the design of his life. There had
triously collected by evil-disposed persons," Sec.— .be left to the mercy of the disaffected. But although been no evidence before the Secret Committee which
Now, he denied that there was any evidence of this' some individuals might be wilirtigett to part' with their was not in ev.•ry newspaper, and he could see no
before the House of Commons. The only evidence ' arms, he conceived that this was not the general wish. reason for all this pretended secrecy. The Hon.
even laid before the Committee, in support of suet. Supposing even there was no danger from the attacks ' Member for Cambridge appeared aware of the hen?.
1
an assertion, was to he found in the annnymous" in- of the disaffected, they would-be left quite open to fits of froe discussion, but he seemed to wish some
formation of certain Magistrates, who, being them- .I.he attempts of commorerobbees. .sWith respect to limit could he set to it; but if there was not a full
selves in a complete state of cousternation, were ';the creation of certain untle,vtgaisentblings into mis- ; and fair discussion unrestrain el, except in so far as
incapable of judging for themselves, or of in- t deipeasiours, be,conceivedit was atiactsof humanity i decency and good manners required, no good could
forming others, and whose fears were to be re- to dpiirehend anrt,putiiish 'thee, is .the' beginning. of i ever beitoped Gar from a press. The very calumnies
garded as the source whence all the supposed :their eittaie, elect not to walt"filltee-contftletion of, of a shackled press were more mischievous from the
danger sprung. If the law had boon seed axe- their entanizatLesse. . With rasped bilthe giving een. l circumstance of the restraint. He reprobated the
cuted, which he denied it had been, then he con- currOltj,tieridiettertrldblagistrates;bt imlieve.d that ~.
mode in which the Committee was appointed; it
tended, the evil could never have reached the length !. was s pan ials'ilse all "iwilich wet, withinsiviria,l ap. 4 was nothing-more than a Ministerial Committee, and
it had attained. The question was not whether probatien. •, ee • -.. 1 • ......t. t..i ', ' s;tf t I,re . s such ought to have no weight with the country at
be, or others, could have conducted themselves me:vrtrxmli trturnAtto isidtt,lfivoild large.
better ja similar circumstances, but Whether the be presuniptina, l?
•'
the speech .8141se Hon. Gene; , -Mr. SM YTH explained.
t - 111 C RANT in voting for the present lilt!,
persons Lore intrusted with power had so conducted tleman whri-hadjkstetttlidin, virenime. on thee.' i • r. s . ,
themielses that the House oaght to grant to them cessity of the memoirs* now uuddigEonsideration. • conceited he was supporting no iufringement on the
-- . - . . . • . ..e ee. e e wee. -e- -_. -- lit -he sencies of

. .
House had heard his ~_ .
alike " • l'
,Pettliitifor, __• het o e tAstitation/ because he thought t. , exiget,
•general cembinsitilms,
.4.0 - lin Olitital:chaht et i the present occasion were sJch. as to require the
which marked, all their isroceeclinas; ' Ile tteuglit ' exercik- of those powers which were inherent in the
there were ftw persons in: the'llionse who woeld;,constitetien. Ile confessed he had fiend '.citic
concur in'Otztaipis With the tlonOniible Gentleman! sec roue from an Ilonourahle Baronet (+ir Fran•
who preceded him, the Member for •.Berlferd). thatt:tiriltirdett), and the Member for Redford, that
the ehOlple of 'the Preamble of the Dill was fafte. :there was no evidence before the House of the nem-
.'ne refrobr of the long and very. extraordinary spinehpley for the present Measure. He hail ~,en 'inch (le.
of that Honourable Gentleman might be-redoend to died ciets'of combination and pruil,,tice in the men-
two objections to the 8i11..--Itit. That', all ettOdr.: cures of those who were cone,,turil in tiw preseut
i
dinary powers to Magistrates were mpreper4bicaese-: disturbances, of which the oath of lidelii Y was a
some Magistrates, had occasionally abused thelpesiers 1 signal instance, that he was astonished how ally
with which they were'afreatTy intrusted,--And2dly,* person could be blind to the clangor. At f !tar mornct
That
.from 'the manner in Which similar - measures the system was .raging within the heart of the cowl•
were executed in Ireland, we ought to conclude they ! try. tie doubt, within the last fortnight the dive..
vould he Attended with,the came effects in this coup-: ders; bad somewhat. decreased; but, however much
'lv acts eertainly took place at onetime :in t they might he repressed the seeds of the conspiracy
tot 'an illegal and unwarrantable nature, and ygt remained, the abrt# were yet at work, and the spirit.
i :le was not disposed to be the apologists; by which they wer!actuated was yet alive. [ Heir,
honourable Member did not 'seem' to hove' hear!] It had' been Mid, the discontents had their
ire
of the concurrent acts which took place , origin in the:Mistresses of the manufactut et s ; mild
.
at the same time. The Ilonocirable Gen- • perhaps no person was willing to attribute more to
wall, however, 'completely mistaken, when.; that distress than himself ; but though the (Nice-
. asserted that similar laws bad never:been enacted . tents might originate in distress, the spirit of Oil
any country without glring-rise.to the samehbeses, :
'system had now completely changed. Thr first at:
thejnaurrection Act; fronkthefline of the 'Heidi, ! tempts were very naturally direct;cl against macl-,.•
A 11894- tad beep% but ones• enforced, and never: eery, to which they were ignorant enough to MO.
subsequently; dbd' the 'Arm .Ace.hitd never• been rbute all their distress; hat when they heard of Cc•
found necessary to be at all enforced since its last . teusive. confederacies, of seizures of arms, it soi
- .

jetit ". "
e '
me a sinti " . . The in
4of the ! B°r°P.o4-- ' - --- were 1
If the Bill. ___, '....f.. . '." -
third time, and inualer- • el:tersons ever
LA I M . meting WOre desi
nisconcepti of a clause so
oansiiirates with
ici,irry . . 4: t- •
„,,,,...,„
From'a• 1 sf ttf- tige iffeoft of 0
;omitted, the, ,it •Mc eettei jail, Ott 1
,and in ne mane ,'ist in .pristet, .etiquii
: Awn. at all eient*,
__-__!.._• _ 1..1 no.. was SUT/1115SCII to

solace of retirement, to enable him to make that pie-. 1 ;;;ItrinOceed upon.. .s o e allegation 0 persons , wan )e al
paration for a /attire state to which every goo having assembled together, with,their faces blacken- :, try. Maw
' land; and religious seen should devote the remainder of hits -ed, asid,,soliermyise disguised, hp denied that any Tre 1.'91
existence. After 'paying a very high tribute to the I such IA heettla.isaa, e.tcPpt spies of the Magistrates. of .wbrsab : I
„ wisdom, exertions, and abilities of the:Allister of ihri thentliektes,,Whe bed instigated these misled men to`. but the Na
Seas, his Lordship concluded by caressing his •L-'rnagiAilellt frets than they wOld ~otherwise have been aware
t :probation of the Bill. . , 116ughtotoollmittiag., Such prectices, he thought, in Ireland
The Bill was then ordered. to ,be engrossed, sar itutol iterits be.snffered to go on'; nor ought that , tieman wa
the House Adjourned. - • q ' - .— , %fig, I'9 hut; powers to Magistrates he asserted
. . ' 1 witerbed.soiedesondsated themselves. The Hon.Ment- in any coin
, ..
, 'HOUSE OF COMMONS .. - . §.., -.fto/1101111:CYVPlifrf9rce) being himself in a joi' thetins
. Mr. TIM MS SU M !oi ER preeeated Orbit* Petidalo. . ilii/W sofroltqam, laaa e eavoured to. Impress till 18Q3,,,,
tbe Nigittly Ni'nteb Bill. ' . .'‘
___.—. .*.iiicia .4
similar feelings on the House with those by which We • subsequent'
Air P. sURDErT also presented PetlUoal aglow time
and the Magistrates to the &turbid districts were found aec
sai.
