. • IF W
• 1
••• . .
.............T._
INTENDED NAY ThATION "OM STAisars---
t
/TARBOROtfeD. '
AT a Meeting of flap .Proprietnre of Wires
Omagh which a Canal. which has bias proposed from
Onkhans to Stamford. is to pass. and other lotemated therein,
mod oho of Proprietors of restates ad to the. River
WeUrind. and others interested is as IthwitEllitm to
isilg
'Market ffarhoroogh, held qt the Town- ia Stamford, ou
Saturday the liti day of September, 111011, promo to Adrer-
tioement In the Itsunfrord Papers.•
LEONARD STEVENSON,. fAlls Mayor. is the Choir,
Resolved naloilawasly, That* it tlie opinion at this.MeiN-
lan. that the said roamed Canal rows Oakirara to Stamford,
'timid not answer the purposes of this monism, neighbour-
hoods sad that a navigation knee Stamford to join the Union
Canal near Market Harboroarb will be beneficial.
Resolved, That a C.onsibiltre be formed for the purpose of
taking the said intended Navigation to ifieborough mto for-
/her earnideration I and that they employ some e ' tent En-
gineer to take a worvey; and that they report their proceed-
hiss from lime to time to the Mayrw of this Corporation ; and
that oar WITS or more of the Committee may set.
*evolved. Tharthe following perwon do form the C.,.ni•
4. .!titter, and that they be empowered by this Meeting to :.p-
- e yhi the Prop-retool of lands between this place and liar-
:4.l nip for their raiment.
z'.. 4s, '•'.•l. over of Stamfuni for Beni. B. Tathwell, Esq.
•. • the lime being. Henry Fryer, Esq.
.' • - • '• CU. Chaplin, Emu the, Re- This. Bryan, Esq.
envier. Rich. Carey, Clerk.
...... •
... Rir J. Trollope, Bart. - Gregory Bateman, Clerk.
Sir S. Plad3rv. Rart. Mr. Alderman Robinsion.
Evan Vaunter. Kay. Mr. aldermaa Cooke.
eta. Chaplin, isa. Esq. Mr. Alderman If:wore.
FA*. heron, Ithq. Mr. Alderman Newcomb.
J Willis, f. n. Mr. Francis Simpnon.
VanderNeuabarg, Mr. Rich. Turoill.
Mr. Robert Hunt.
Pierreptilat, Faq. Mr. Wm. Broughton.
bat W. Bellows. Fay. Mr. Thomas Stokes.
• Richard Lucas. Clerk. And
Thos. Foster, CL-rk. Mr. Robert Peach.
Resolved. As several gentlemen have expressed a iii-h to
Itemise subscribers to this undertaking. toat a Sabscripti•in
Ronk he now opened for the ineertinii ef names. under cer-
tain notrictinas is be hereafter speci!ieri with respect to the
washer of shares to be held by any ooe subscriber; and that
a preference lie given by the Cansarittee to the proprietors Of
estates adjoining or war the River Wellind to Inrdille sub-
scribers.
Resolved. That Messrs. Bellaire mid Son, Banker., be al!.
pointed Treantrers.
Resolved, That Mr. George Warinnbr, of Market llArlic-
rongS: Mr. Jaws Torkinetna and Mr. Archer Ju.lit, of
Stsasf.int, lie appointed Solicitors:
Resnlveit, That the Proiteedings of this Meeting I+e a lyre-
lised iii the Stamford. Northampton. Leicester, Derhy, Bit-
aiimpham. Coveutry, Liverpool. and Maacheater Purrs. rind
=ate/moan and Conner Papers.
bred, T.i..t Mr. Mayor be reqaested to sign these Re,
SlMPliaot.

s

• • I

-

1

i_

, • • 'I

i'4l t
.4+l 147„1.

. • :****lo

~.

'~ ,

f

•

, .
..

".A

P CI

ROT
MFARS. HAL
have ast 'Sole tt.
93. ROYAL EXOR AND?,
STATE LOTTERY, whits M "a a....
eavistisig of roily moo Numbers,
TO RE DRAWN IN ONE 11AY.2Orn or Tuts MOUTH.
TUB SCHEME CONTAINS
4 Prises of .C9OlOOO. 4 of 5,0001 4 of 2,0J0) 8 of LlOOO.
mad 14 of IMO.
With Others hi Proportion,
AND NOT THREE BLANKS TO A PRIZE.
fri" treerf, Pnst Paid. duly luso erect, awl Schemes graib.
All hied of Liovernsucto Securities bought Mud sold by
CnassisAms.

‘....ed. .tau.. 1/ur.
O
O
0
O
O
O
V

PRICE OF STOCKS I'll IS DAY AT DNEOT.I.OOK.
3 per Cent. Cow. 6Si i 1 Exch. 11iU5,74. 13-. prem.
Navy V9I India llosulr. 194. VD-.
Cnik-ah for Ace.. ..fiSii i Lottery Tick. 211. lis.
()Italian' .... ...I prem.

THE STATESMAN.

PKoro+rtr YCN.%X.

L 0 .V DO N :
SATU RDA Y, OCTOBER 7.
Tux brain fever of NAroceoar rages violently
—in the London Newspapers ; —and not vriihstuntl-
ing their strong assurances of the fact, we really
believe no where clse. The successive accounts
in the Foreign Papers narrate the unremitting ac.
Heil of the French Emperor (" as" says The
Times of this day " he is styled") ; but we
can see no more reason to believe that his
activity can have produced a brain fever—for that
is the cause assigned—than that frequent jour-
nies between London and Manchester in the Mail
Coach should produce a brain fever.—" Oh ! but
we must consider his anxiety."—The anxiety or
Nsrutcuts cannot be more intense than that of
the merchant or manufacturer, in a period of coot.
menial embarrassment.
The following letter is received as a decided
proof or the niadlic44 of NAPOLEON. Would
that our Ministers and Commanders in Chief were
but half so mad!
rarcayssr, am 4, 11109.
" A vessel is arrived herr, which left Cherbourg on Friday
last. The letters by her inform a.. that at-cousin hid reached
that place (ruin Paris, which leave no doubt that tbe Empe-
ror N A pos.cosi was my ill at hi, palace at Sebecebeuog.
Ilis di•onkr is a brain fume, brought on by reeessive fatigue
is hi- personal atteations to ever) branch of his airily. Most
certain it is, that two Physicians and t►rn Surgeon. suddenly
left Paris last week. to ntie.rd him. They proceeded uu their
journey with extraordivar) rpccd."

AVE have given more eztracts from the German
P.tpers —war between Franco anti Austria is
trumpeted forth in the Loudon Newspapers at
iuevitable.---- cite immensity of the prepare-
*.
• ils MI both suits, we view as mea,ores of
caution, but certainly not as &chive of
the recommencement of hostilities. Thu report of

t mistier is confirmed. If both parties arc
ion war, the forces sorely eru not.
so lanced, as that neither dares to
strike t Wow. We anticipate Peacti—in
this we 'nay be disappointed—hut nothing that we
1 hare yet tom iodates us to adopt a different opi-
nion.

THE cnforcancnt of the Non-Interconese Law
i 3 Jgain confidently reported.

Gen etel linowve tga gavo a grand dinner yes-
terday at his house iti Audio) -square, to noveral
military officers lately arrived its town from Flush-

Mr. Sheriff Wooo's new carriage has been built
by Ai %Liu. v, iu IYelbeck.street. It cost 15001.
building.
ire Eit of the (louse of Commons is come
to town to transact some official business, and re-
Nina ill a few dais to his scat at liielbrook, in
Sussex.
The ship mentioned in the French Papers to be
on shore near Cherbourg, is supposed to be the
Pray, SmiTtil from Antigua.
On the 16th M last month, the return of the
ekk in the hospitals at IValcheren was 9798. On
the 17tb the deaths were 4K on the itillt only 9 ;
eed no new patients had been admitted during the
two last days.
The cause of such a number of &liars being
pow in circulation is, that the Batik has haei
100,000 t. worth of Spanish dollars new stamped.
The charge for stamping is only one farthing exch.
The determination nut to have a jubilee dinner
at (,uildhall, is Irani/11110y regretted by all the
Apothecaries East of Temple Bar.
In the sickness among our troops in the Island
of Walcheren a free use of Port wine has been
found much more efficacious than all the ?rostrums
of the Pherniacopin.
The anniversary of 1413 rd CTIATIf les birthday
is to be celebrated with great magnificence on Mon-
day nest ; and en Ode is to be recited in centime.
mutation of his splendid succeucs.
Many of the Ppecrhes recorded in the News-
pipers, and said toehavu been delivered iu the pit
ur boxes of the new Theatre, were only intended
to hsvc been spoken :—certainly they were nevelt!
heard.
The great Madame DESIFA Yes wished to have
box at the Opera; bet we do not positively know
that CAIAL %NI was to have It box at the
Theatre. Where will the arrogance 91( Ogee
reign mahout* terminate!
The lege tsc Dpn A Yrs thoeght herself as
entitled irk ao Opera-box as the mistress of
k!seper of • ayer.hou,e.

n-t'._,

•
,

• .
. . .• . - - ''. .
... •
. . • . . -
. .
• " ~. '# .

'ARDEN THEATRE.

between the Public and the Pro-
Theatre, continues to rage with
unabated violence and obstinacy. Thu Public
chew no disposition to yield, and report says, that
one of the Proprietors has declared his determine.
Lion to persevere, even though it should cast him
100,0001- !! ! The performance of J ohm Bull and
The Poor Soldier, met with no better receptiou
last night, than the preceding Pieces that had
bets, gesticulated—clamorous disapprobation, tu-
mult, and pugilistic performances marked the
evening. it is insinuated this morning in many of
tho papers, and particularly that ['mantel's of
truth—The Morning Post, that the applauders,
the friends of peace and of submission, were
nearly equal in number to the wedelns who
demand a reduction to Old Prices. This is
very possible, for at least 500 of the sons of liracl
were invited to the house. history of
this transaction, of which see have ample and mi.
nete particulars, will be found not a little amus-
ing. The narrative respecting the selection and
the introduction of this 44 corps pagilistique,'%
this battalion of Mosaic bruisers—must, how-
ever, give way to a discuvery of imminent im-
portance,. which has fortunately been made, and
as we hope, in time to take precautiom, against the
dreadful consequences, that might other wise be an.
ticipatcd.
Mr. KEIIBLL, some time about, or previous to,
the opening of the Theatre, made a visit to a cer.
' tabu Office near to Apothecaries' Hall, at which
a newspaper called The Times is published—we
mean the LLOYD'. TIME!, that had a Lind of
partnership there some how or other formerly, and
may have yet, fur any thing we know.—What
the object of Mr. KEstus.E's visit was, we know
not. But at the opening of the Theatre The
Times expressed themselves in cum:nots with the
public, highly dissatisfied with the conduct of the
Proprietors towards that portion of the British
Public, fur whom Ilse Times feels so sincere and
disinterested an attention,the "people" of England
The Times was very angry, and repeatedly urged
the Proprietors to concede to the reasonable de-
mands of the public. On Wednesday last, Mr.
J. P. 'mime, encouraged, as we conjecture, by
the silence of Mr. LErum (the Bank Clerk,
who, after having addrused the audience fur
.several nights, was suddenly struck dumb), re-
pealed his visit to the office of The Times,
and at this visit, we presume, was disclosed the
important secret, that the opposition to the pri.
rate bow; and the new prices, is nothing bet a
jacubinical plot. We entreat the attettliutt of our
Readers to the particulars of this discovery w hich
The Times so commendably announced on Thurs.
day—being the 'ley after Mr. K Es:sta.'s second
visit :

We were sorry to perceive the opposition to the admired
prices anew a chili aster last night rev, differeat hum a hat
It appeared at first. The statement published by the Propri.
rims is certainly sot a. precise as it ouglll to have been; at
the mete time it snyefently proves that a theatrical concern 6
far from twins so productive as has heat generally 'apprised.
If us the Proprietors assert. °se cowers' cannot be airrird as
without the adsaared .prices, those a ho have a passion fur
theatrical exhibitions mast submit to purchase that pleasure
as a higher rate. Fortunately, it is nut an article of the tir•t
taceuity, and may theirfore he dispeased with. 1 t was with
i. tin we al/served, that several persons, appertain* to a re-
prollakd and very dangerous clam of society, had lowan sod
ith the audience, or sum:talon rather, last night. 'Pk de-
' *1444 of these men oce hoes nfleu hod actasion to 4441 ask ; and
we will Ibeiet suffer thews, as far as Jiro& atrial us. to tease
a riot in a Theatre the prelude to disorders that might alli-
stately shake Lk whole frame of satiety. We allude to those
who tetrodeced th Mawr with the lincription relating to the
On Fridoy this same Times, having duly consi.
deem! the subject, announced a further discovery,
" that the Committee wcro all honourable men"
(which :cc frilly and unequivocally admit), and
that they (l'he Times) believed what they said.
Nobody ever doubted the truth of what the Corn.
neiltee said ; but the mass of the public happen to
differ from the Committee in the concluvions
which they have drawn. However, be that as A
may, The Times having set the mutter of the In.
wrest right (which they hail before set wrong),
proceeded to give their opinion fully, and, as
they 111(Clided, A Lt.y. Such were the
effects produced by the final visit of Mr. K Vag.
at.s.—NV hat species of " Enphrasy and Rue" that
Gentleman had applied to the cyes of The.Tbnes,
we know nut. They have, however, fortunately
discovered, that the Public and The Times are
Quite wrong in imputing blame to the Proprietors
and that the whole of the opposition at the
Theatre is the result of a drep-tail jaeohinical
plot. Su much fur The Times at present. Ito
contirmatiou of the truth of their opinion, we beg
leave to trouble our readers with the perusal of
the following extract, from a Print nut less cele-
brated fur its saucily and excellent sense, than
fur its troth—the illnstrions Alorning Post a •••••
" We have again to tenirk, and we nni i rely the
attention of 'he well dippined tv the erhservatiots. that tor
~.!ears and views upon o hich disturtsartre emu conti-
nued, are whet!' differeat Irmo those food which It originally
took its rise. [be Jaeohins and radtt4l Reformers, aha are
ever on the watch to take advantage of merry di.e44teld, arts-
' hog from what aise, sue nose Ms Doty promineol mad for-
sward palliest, slot only to keep Asir she tumuli, hat
to Insinuate into lie minds of the people, which they soon
eine to he inflamed, impre,sions of a tendeacy wholly
' tinemenectert with theatrical amusement and ralrUl3l-
- only to stir up political unitionitie., that amid aim
a blow ant oak al the
hot
se. ial• order, and oar lies-
lira! k C
anstit.dien. even to carry with them disrespect
to the Thecae, and insult to our graciosnand venerable Sove-
reign, Bud that at a mimeo whets the heart and miod of the
nation is exerting its Ism powers to testify its gratilade and
attachmeat to a Monarch whose virtuesit has lodealroired,
and to Which it would eugerl) pay every due tai sole rif af-
fection and applause. Tai, description of persons rannit k
((so narrowly watched, rrir their nrfarions nltemptl too SOO*
Relitrated. Their eery looks and language depute mid be-
theta.
Now, if any man, after these notices from the
palavering Times, and decaying Post, shall dare
to cspress A doubt of the existence of a jacukini.
cal conspiracy—away wills him to the Basfile,
turn. him over to Governor Jars.
People or Englend! once famed throughout the
habitable globe for moderation, integrity, and
goad sense! how long will ye salter yourselves to
be ' of ,reficed!! I
sinotrily,
pater, will
bats ling
• ecmsi.

-~- -

doubt, that there ve arguments by which Di
Times may be convinced.

" What wakes aU que:llans plain and clear'
—Abuut—l ise Ilitsictred Pasinols a year :
What proves that fats,: - pivred Ira: before
—Why, just abuut —Five Hundred snare !
PROBATUNt ES/
IVcro there an epithet more expressive than
contempt, we would, its this instance, apply it—.
but the 'English languip may be rausackrd un.
succesefully for one mores expressive of our send.
menu, and of those of the public) fur Tux Tistu,
and THE POST, and itti echo—the HARLLI/41.1x

PLAN FOR _4 NEW 2111111.121 R E ROKIL
BT 111)19CRITTUHr.

A capito of rAocrol. to be Subscribed in 130 Shares of
10‘).)1. each, to Le paid by iustallments, of akieh only the ,tel
of lUO,Ot 1. would be 'tooted, in the lint baronet, to build
rind furniA the Theatre. The reoLioing 50,001.11. to be callti
1,,r, if acct ....sty.
The Sub)crthers to receive 5 per cent. ee the amount of tht
►tock actually subscribed after the first num of l'ufur.
murices ; together it ith a persowal ticket at ailmisseno, rnt
tratisferable, except to a Nosointo for the whole swim
Application to be mode to Parliament, fur a Patent is
build acrd maintain vi ithia the City of Wcstssiaiter, a Tbeake
for the repre".eatation of Loglish Dramas, iltric, Dandle,
and other Sceuic Exhibitions, and that this application to
titunded no a Petition. •rtsiog forth the solvsmsees that would
twcrwe to the public from loth as ronblishniest being t.
trastrd to a Joint Stock Compaq, instead of its being is tLe
hoods of usie, err of n fen. Proprietors, viz.
That nu incumbraucisi would at any lime be laid no the

property.
That no boxes would be assigned, le, mortgaged, sold, r,
made private.

That no money would be raised by the hose of free tkkib,
by the grant of annuities or rent-charges, by townie, vs
otherwise; but that bran Air the whole receipts of each re.:t
should be kept free and witourthened, to wooer the espe4,,,
of each year, befoie r% co the lawful interest of 5 per ce, t.
ea the amount of the capital actually advanced, should
payable to the Subscribers. Aud,
That the Petitioners would humbly proposes bolls for the
security of the public and their own permanent interest, that
a clawie or chimes to this effect shoold be introduced iota the
Bill.
That for the farther security of the public, mid as a meows
of for ever pro.reting them against the advance of priers, the
profits above 5 per Cent., if any, should be divided it to Cam:
equal parts, and to be appropriated as follows :-
1. Oar third thereof to etuistitute a fund, Is be set apart,
and applied from time to tune to the repair, alieraiapa, or
embellistimest of the Thcatn., or to mower extraordinary
dishors.etnents, or to come in aid of oecasisosal ealaositi, so
that there he on pretence for any farther call Aso the Praprie.
ter!, or for nay increased demand of prices from the public.
1. Otte third of the said surplus to create a food for the
esicourageroent of the Omuta, by giviog almost promisor for
new Pip, by establishing a school in the Tlie.the for the
hiatrioute art, and for its necessaries, msqle, elastic/figs and de-
coration, &c.—and to provide a retreat to meritorioss V% I.
lees and Artists, who, by a service of twenty years in ti,
Theatre, might entitle themselves thereto.

3. The attar r third to go the Proprietor& Rs profit on ihtir
Capital advaoced.

A Board of Dimities to be appointed, rtf!herrt raierl, to
-uperiotend the accounts, oha should have the passer to ap-
point a Ilausiger, at a libcr.J remota-ratios, and fur a term
reitain. finch Manager, when appointed, to hose the sole,
uncoatroule.l direttion of 411 the cuseerns of the. Theatre,
save ugly that the Hoard should imam:ills stipulate theism fir
the eaperuenf the sensors, beyond to hith the Manager flioslcl
not go, awl far the faithful opprapriatims of sr hick he should
give sureties.
That tsis Freedoms of any tied, .e Orders, eves to Authors
or Perfisrmers, should be granted, as they Neese only to Mau-
mee, ur even to iscerposser the Jusigasest of the public, nt. to
site merit of Plays or A cont.; and also because they occasion
calsaisv by introducim; partisaus for insidious purposes; or are
weed as decoysAo give a false appearance to the Theatre.
That its erecting the Theatre, and is the distrihatiou of its
parts, Meanness regard %mould be paid so the accommodation
of a.I the chases of the community tau sloe well-understood
principle, that it is lady by a i.oorteoos summits') on the part
of the great, to the comfort and rights of the lower orders,
that they repay the cossiescemiJa by empect fur the pris s-
ieges uf those above them.
The Theatre should be insulated, therefore, no three sides,
bat Out un the fourth t because am one side there should be as
inclosed way to and from the Thcatae for foot passengers, so
as to he out of the reach of carriages, as at the Theatre rids
Parer, lt Paris.
The Theatre to be encased in a doable wall, and the lob-
bies bet as (11:1 the Iwo er.Aed on each Suer, as a security
ag.sino tire, and to he of solid masonry.
'the Hall, or audience part of the How, to be of a per-
fectly circular fore, end of a size that shah seessre to the
spectator and mtditor the full advantage of sight and hearing,
without forcing either the perfohoem or the company to
overtrain their orgasm.
_ _

The audiesee to be kept free from all anboyaseo; and that
for this purpose thcie shall not be ths smirusee untied a tanker,
which is the constant reademisass of twusult nod peulligacy.
No triode lima to be allowed ; and, of course, no Pei-
'rota Rooms ; but the space sow allotted so the basket to be
one entire anti-room to the drem-burrs, which might be
taken for the night, and a kith would remote the riotous
eorniraty to a distance frum the attentive °Wier% e.—The
same arrangement might be made on every door under the
gallery ; and yet by the circular form, with rapacinu, guile-
tie', the Theatre might engrain a receipt of b.lll. per night,
u inch is quite mildest. It is the -artifice of making nom
fur a greater Lumber that has made nor 'Hectares MI UOOOll3-
tOrint4le, and at the same time PO wilt fur the real and im-
pressive delineation of the passions. It is to this that we owe
tall the ups and demur of intricate staircases, that we are se-
ver -are of our footing, and that ar never know when ue
are up4llll kt el grtoutd.
It bus been staid, that 10'0001 is not sufficient to build and
famish a splendid Theatre hi that times; bat a Theatre if,
comparatively speaking, a shell, and does not require the in-
terior amt expensive Stashing Isla nesintion. If a 'grant could
he *Minted of part of the Sem, o.• of the Nam, so as to
render susaecroary the purchase of bower to beaemulished,
itP,UU9I. would be Nand asuple for the purpose; but a saga
its reserve of 54,0001 iss ease of aeceseity, would be prudent.

Private ailvices from Flushing .of the Sd instant,
state, that a person had that day -triived from
'forgoes, with advice that the *leach *ere arming
all their fishing vessels in the Seheicit;witli a heavy
gun in the bow of each, and were ma4klng other
preparations fur an attack upon Walchereo. In
the Paris papers we also find it stnted, in a letter
from Antwerp of the 21st ult. that WO gun-boats
were shortly expos* there from Boulogne by the
interior navigation.

THE • STATESMAN.
_ Tern t _
Excworng. COVENT-Gd
ButtrrE, :ea cos
at their State Lottery Ogee, No. The dispute bete
ME. TICS Ell sad SSA 11 SS for the
whieh n oa a New and lasproved prietors of this Thi

new be led by the Vikka of remedial so bare flea
fo. With what implicit co46deum in the &OH
iniegrily, and iadepeadcnce of The Timm
well you, kettattcr, listen tp their clamorous bi
r the agave iserroptiest I —lt may, however, be
du* fevianatei that the pevpk ceo as.

... • .
. . . I . .
. .
. . .
- . .
.
. .
• . . •
. ..b .
. r .
•
.
• . OK St AT li:S MAN. . .
_ _._ .. __ 1. . ..te 4_ _a_ • •

GICILMAN PdPIiRS.
AVSIAT 4. Ave. /0.—.00 the same day of l*r MajeveVi
the Laves Leah* of Aostria, the Martial Oahe of Friel'
was seat to Camera. from Sehoenbruno, to rationale* her
Majesty, in the name of the Emperor Napoietiri.--(C4rres-
pimmlent, Sept. It)
V tuns rt. AV*. 30.—The French since the Armistice
have been e ctremely active. Pradidous estrenehneeats cover
all the bridges of the Darnel*, and render Vicuna tau-
cemible fo an hostile army. The marenchmeat which coven
the bridge called Tabordonaa, is especially deserving of ad-
mifailfr. A corp, of lio,oal mete is encamped there.
Within these few weeks, a no.nher of o'ficers of artillery,
and ilve new regiments, have arrived here from Pack.
The Alistrians enatinue to carry on their military prepara-
tions la Hungary with great activity.
Bv so Imperial Order of the Day, the French army Is
distributed in live orroodietemts, viz. those of Lints, Brume,
Presbarg, Gratei and Trieste.
Tbenegwelasiows fur poses, at Altenburg, are carried on
with the atoms& activity; at least if we may false from the
member of renders continually coming fr mid guile; to that
place. On %andel,. the 2 eth of August. the Duke of Codor
(Client Champagay) gave a splendid hall, at which all the
Nobility in the vicinity were present.
Bo we.; 4. Am:Wu Vi.—T lie positions of the two armies
have been ranch changed .Sore the armistice. The Austrian
Twin army is ant is Bohemia, but concentrated along the
Haab, leaohur on Colorn. The grater part •f the troops
from Boheotia ant Moravia have drawn that it it% . Gemini
faulay with a corps in Croatia. The French army has,
fur t to nto•t part, drawn towards the right hank of the Oa-
lathe. la 14ohentia and Thiesivia, from Olmnte to Prague,
there is a corp. ander the command of the Arvhdake
end. to which k attached the greater part of the loodoehr
or militia.---(Correspordext, Sept. 12. )
VIVI N At. Asa. 30.—The Knepernr Napolena frotruently
seakesescursinn4on honehack in the aeighhourhood of Vi-
enna, accompanied ht- the Vi-erev of !lair, th- Prince of
Neufehat I, General Walther,- Commandant of rhos
and other Generals. It is said that the Frnperor will go for
Dame date to Brame awl to Zusivns to review the two torpor
the Dukes of Rivoli and A uerdadt.
M. Deno% the ()treeing of she Mereom of Park, is mil
at Vienna. It is said that the rare ho he and m inuserlpti
which are here, a 3 alsu the pictures aryl other works of art,
will be sent to Paris. The most raltrlttle cottr.ctintLa which
were here, acre sent into Ilangary before the arrival of the
French.

A requisilmt of 6000 ho•ses has been mu ie on the A
yeevilseecoeropied by ti:e French. evr,egyearlent,S-pi. I 4 )
VIRXRA. Seer. 2.—Our h .pes of here decline. The
French head-marten bate b •eu removed Irma s: t :sisenhivoin to
Preshorg. and t%e French Army is colleeted, prepared fir as
on the line of the A nuistiee.
The elliteviaes have laid the cnantry in the vicinity of 01-
mots user wale,.
The Coupe of rxrhaniP. In ennvennerice rf the present
gloomy ippe-rances, las n' ferret mile.; for the worse.
The Ms and a putrid fever pre%.6l in the Asstd.,. army.
This sickly rive of the troops is reedited to the bed bread
Vlach the int 'fees hant bees .'Mired to en'.
The garrison of TrieNt has been reinforced by knee bat.
(knells) Oink,' commands in ficatleens Hungary, where a
very aetlie recruiting ii retried en.—(Coreetpesed. Sept. lb.)
Haws. e 1 TWR t tee, arr. B.—At wv &clerk this even-
ing, the regular pow frosts Vienne; hid not arrived; het yester-
dal-, late at night, the ?remit Minister received a courier
with dispatches, enontinine the sews of the peel/legalism of
the Armistice; and the ankle asserted in the Cornasposulent
of this day, was sent by his order. This a-rt *event
arreamile homes in Fiansheryth reeeived essalesr with the
imetileenee t het at the maw lime mermen were
given. through private elisionelt, that no peer. *°6l4 he ton.
whatever the public pekes as the Continent. ;meth
eularl the Vienna mos. midst say to the tolerant. Some
i= are of opinien, that Amble will at last be jetted by
Private letters from Park state, that be ease of a pears
with Illiattia. "Impotent will go to the mom of the North.
sass afteriesirds is Spain. To this leaser sweetry rweral
"edit, velairtireksave already hers met of Nos Paves.
Private kart% few* UM% sew. that a "ben Miami he.
teem Russia awl iblassla ht expected. The Fasperee Ale/s-
-ander is mid le bi'lesehkg at elemeit mllikew twee abb.* the
Poles are or/mix/as Is itawetas,As sr the esollers of his
urea daseiain a. He le Illeflupwillbat the Mew of Austria
should be Otte of the htiilllolwf ib Istetesary dominions.
The preparatleas rantleg leilaseav as... es eosins the
slight bars Is be intiestabta at etailubetilitte patfecatiun
arkli Austria.
The ken of Westphalia bad above waste to his Gentle!
hb oefigg Illassissegh with the troops be I del v bad
at Brew.. mud he threatened In sewl 5030 men most of his
troops. 11. wever,•the senate, ow plying an ea tortine of so
winderite a ,ites it 60000 apnea oftee7, in Olds
the King forbore seeding ass trails at present. The greet'
na.aber or Custom-bow of arrived from Frasee, 6e-
e-upyi;lg the line from Bream -to Bombe gli, prevents all
trade and violence .. is thew aares.
ATISIIOII4 Arc 310. Previa* loiters arrived this day
item Viesre say, that the Armistice bb bceo prolonged again
Apr ,lays, that bto ray till the 90th of Sept.—( Currespes.
deist. )
have

iCtryril: Ana. 93.—The Armistice whiob Ira§ to .
tsrniaated no the sjth lost. 4x, been prnlnnred for three
weeks, viz. from the 91st Aug. to the With Sept. The rea-
moas-igaed for this is, the great distance of tie Court of St.
Petersburgh, vr h iek is saturally interested in the neeociat ions,
&settler wise no farther proloegatioo would !roe taken ptare.
As the city of Trieste has hitherto ant been able to pay ntore
&ma small part uf the war contribution imposed on it, the
nerds:int§ there have mow been divided into four classes: those
of the tint clan are to pay 146,000 livres, aaJ moss: of tin:
'lowest 1049.—( Ceresspeadeat.)
Feats TM& Lana or Corisysece, Aro. ??.—By ad-
vice§ frum Si. Gall, a regblation bens mow been made, by desire
of Napoleoo, that no traveller from Switzerland 5h..11 he per-
rodied to eater the Tyrol, maim he be provided with a French
passport. Intlse same rammer; windy front the Tyrol is yr-
witted to pas through the cordon of Ifelvetie troops into
!loitterimal, anieve be is provided o aft a Trench passport.
By Ibis mews it is hoped the communication which the
Engird; attended to establish with the Tyrol will be stripped.
The Tyrsleanis now emleavtarr to render all the poises to titer
canary icaeressible.—(Ceentspoadent.)
Idattasannan, Ara. 42.—Yesterday the meanie of the
Duke of Bromwich arrived bete ns prisoacm, and were
lodged ia prisua. This severe ineasare was taken partiralmly
with regard to the Duke's Secretary, Ammo= Becker, In
wham hood-writ lag some proclamations were found among
the Dake'spapers. Becker was ant awn the prisoners; he
mentede4 M rseraptag from his eoesplions sia Me last pom-
mels& ltssafeites were seat in plarsait of him ow alt the
roads.—{ldes.)

sousateuieedoo from Bayonne of the 9th
of September, it is said that a battalion of Poles,
with a numerous kid train and sereral &task.
scull of other troops, had passed through t)
toms op tbetr pievess to Op*.

. ..
~__,
~Y

00
•

--

::

• OW
.111.11•11.1!
ITINERANT METHODISM IN JAMAICA.
The following " Order in Council" anti " Ob-
servations" appear in a Jamaica Gazette, which
was received in town this week.
"At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, May 23,
1809, by the Right lion. the Lords of the
Committee of Council, appointed fur the con,
sideration of all matters relating to Trade
and Foreign Plantations...
"To theliinesMost Excellent Majesty in Council.
" May it please your Majesty,
" Your Majesty having been pleased, by your
Order in Council of the2Gth tilt. to approve of a
report of this Committee, submitting that an Act
passed by the Legislature of the Island of Jamai.
ea, in the year.lBo7, infidel!, '4 An Act fur the
Protection, Subsisting, Cloathing, and for the
better order and government Slaves, amid for
other purposes," should be disallawed, as con.
taining a clause contrary to the principles of tole.
ration prevailing in this kingdom, and as being
the more objectionable, as an Act to the.s.one ef-
fect has been disallowed by your Majesty at a for.
nser period, end no provision had been made
the Legiilatare of the Nand for L.4E:Nowa of the
establi,hed Gharch. The Lords of the Committee,
adverting •to the circumstance bf this Art, bring
a second attempt by the Legislature of the Island
of Jamaica to pass a law of this miner', and fore.
seeing the inconvenience that may arise from a re.
correnee of this practice, arP humbly of opinion,
that an additional instruction should be given tei
the several Governois of your Majest,y's Island",
'in the Wet Indies, restraining them from giving
their assent to any law or laws concerning reli.
'Oar being passed, until the same shall have been
Itisrtrarisnietttll to your MajeSty'sPrincipal Sec re.
tartlets! Illatec for your Majesty's royal consi.
dem 41, •unleit a claim or clauses be inserted in
such law or laws, suspending and dlerring the.
execution thereof, eutil Jour Majesty's pleasure
shall be known thereon.
" Amid the Lords of the Committee having pre-
pared a draught of such additional in:as-action,
' humbly take leave herewith to lay the saute before
your Majesty, fur your Royal approbatiou."

instrudion issued in pursuance of Me above
Report.
" Additional Instruction to the Governors of his
M ujesty's Islands in the West Indies.
" It is our will and pleasure, and we du hereby
require and command, that you de not, • on any
pretence whatever, give your assent to:law or laws
to be passed concerning religion, until you shall
have first transmitted unto us, through one. of
our Principal Secretaries of State, the draught of
such bill or bills, and shill have reitived our
royal pleasure thereupon ; unless you take care,
in the passing of such bill or bills, that a clause
or clauses, be inserted therein, suspending and
deferring the execution thereof, until our will and
pleasure shall be known thereupon."
4111111111111,Allenil 011, TIM twyrne or THE JAMAICA
GAZETTE.
" We cannot help contemplating the above
"Order in Council us a most gross interference with
liter internal colonial regulations, in favour of a
int of methodistieal rascals, wh'o ought to be
scouted out of every well regulated community ;
'Who are a disgrace to Christianity's...4r the mum-
leery and nonsense of methoiiism has no more to
do with the Chrisiien Wigton than with that of
Mshomet. If the regular Clergymen of tin.
Clkorch of England have every permission to in-
struct and to reform, why should swarms of ig-
enraiit and designing adventurers, without coin-
thon sense, education, or decency, be intruded
Lefton this colony azainst its will—men, who, by
propagating mistaken doetriees, may expose it
to the most, imminent peril; who, to erect their
evangelical projects, would willingly involve us
in rein, and triumph in the dames. Chlistianity
is not so murk their object as to enforce their ou is
vile and narrow distinctions, as contemptible as
the tab from which their doctrine.< are generally
Vellsereil. The letter of the Committee of the
Loh!, of Council for Form Trade to his Ma-
jesty, on this occasion, atist,i it, « as contrary
to the principles of toleration estabiishml in this
kingdom :" as well might the thievish cur co*.
plain of intoletenoes who was hanged for meta%
eggs or murdering poultry. Toleration,
to look on while these designing kolves wire IV
lectiag our ruin. We knew not upon what Ilia;
.nest principle his Majesty's Ministers could bethal
advised the suspension of this Isle, when they win'
know that the Board of CuntrooL of the Be*
Indies, that favoured colony, are so entirely of out.
way of thinking, that they have without aniseed*
version from Guvertiment, issued the most pe.
reinptury orders totiend all the Missiuearies hone
on the slightest appearance of disturbance. , We
would ask Lord Gebtleresigh if this be toleritiont,
but, alas I the West India Islands are the fuel-'
balls of Ministry.
" We know not what their Lordships mean by
no regular Clergyosen being provided for, as they
cannot be ignorant that one for each parish has a
very handsome provision, besides considerable
emuiuments."
So far the Jamaica Gazette.
That in JAIIM " regular Clergyman are

,~ ,

.RICA,
Pm ,*II for—we should be surprised at hesriug
anyaisamtpreas a daubs; but from what source the I
Lissa Or TOW COSIIIITT lit an hive derived their
eery assersts lafonsatiets on this subject, we
shall not hazard a oonjecture. In coullrminion
of the asterdons of the iSiediC4l Gault*, sod of
Tin STATIMAII, drat regular Clergymen are
voakisdfar its impales, we subjoin the follow
• Ad ef the maid parishes in Jam eke,rtird
yam dee Rain* which is takon frown
New lemetee thseeeek for eke year

)1,06144 44, 131117 ART ."4"PC'
sestiali • '
aisfroittim.."Lirent mama or. thts.'lo-41i AIN
• • nailkigths.alatialiebaNtiplittliteneulkez•m.v
•• .. • ,•/;vs4gt
gt. cani-Orbio,lt. WastAbitits,44.llllo4ll4-:4IT
.teMenrhissit, la.._ v. .. .
• Ithig•too. Themes Rita -
_lSpdrew, Jobe Camaheil
Rt. Thomas to the East, J. West 3OO
St. Itoristhy.• A. A Row..
St. Thomas :tithe Yale, Wm. 11111inspoo..: . SSG
Vert., Edward Ledriett . SW
Clarendon, Adam !Ctshit ..............
Port_Ray.d. G. Ledisicts • 3.JO
St. Jahn, A. J. Scab
St. D void, Jams Dyntorke
Si. Utriirge, Thomas Slmcocke5....
at. Mary
St. Ann, James Cardie.
St. James, Prlncis Rickard
Trelawny. Adrian IteLI
Wrstat.aland, Tnninas Stewart yQo
St. Eli: them, Tnnas.tl Warren .
Illawirer, Simon Little qtly
Portland
The fired stipends of thc rectories are wholly
independent of the fees, allies are numerous and
lucrative—And perhaps in no society arc the
clergy more respectable, more respected, and
more comfortable, thin in Jamaica ; there are
even numerons instances of great opulence among
the clergy there. In addition to the establishments
in the above li•tt, the revenues of the curat anti
others clergy is by no mune incontliderable ; s•I I
„that we really are at a Ins to Comprehend the data
, on which the opinion, that there is nu regular es-
tablishment ha Jamaica, can have been founded.
The complaints by the Planters, of the interference
of itinerant Methodist Preachers, are by no
:mans without very serious foundation ; and it is
'proper that the public should be informed of the
OW source of their dissatisfaction. It is nut to the
" Methodists,"as a aect professing different tenets,
that the Pranters'Object. 7'hey, perhaits, are the
last body of mess in the extensive Colonies of
Britain, from whew intolerance may be expected.
In KINGSTON, and in other towns of the island,
there are Methodist Heeling:, against a hieb no.
body has ever expressed the slightest objection—
' bolt the fact is this—ignorant, illiterate, and de.
signing tnen, wander about the MAO, from one
plantation to anothiteritrider the pretext of in.
striating and converting the Negroes, from whom
they extract no inconsiderable sums of money. It
is evident, that the interference of these "Itinerant
Preachers" is not permitted in the day, the Meet.
ings are therefore necessarily held during the
night, the greater part of which is devoted to the
instruction, and ravings of theft :elf..appointed
hlissionarier. The consequence of this pernicious.
system is—that the Negro, who has labouredi
,in the day, and alternately listened, prayed, end.
sling throughout the night, becomes at length
able to resume his ,cork complaint, reprinsamkt
and punishment arc then his lot. His mind inflamed,.
and intently occuided, on what lie has been—A-ailing•
at these nocturnal Heetingt, disinclines him to
the perfortnance of the task to • which his nil..
fortunate Condition tef Slavery iuwwed him;'
and on whatever Plantations the *We mate
1 lodgment, peace and traiqui are banished,'"
The The N gruel on the plantation •becolle
fefiactory, and misernbk ; and, to the loss las.
Nine(' by the Planter, is added the incetisant ap
prehension of insurrection. I 1 face, it beconiee'
a matter of doubt, whether the Negro, ur the
Plitillet, is the greatest sufferer.
Abhorring, as we do, slavery, under whatever,
form it appears it will not be supposed that we
should countenance the cause of oppression....
Could we auticipate the slightest al/coin/jam, or
impressment, lof VW condition of the unhappy
df-
rican in this practice, our observations would be
of a very dijferent description. Bat the effect
produced is •directly euntrary...namely, that of
depriving the Negroes of all comfort, and of all
hope of comfort. On this subject, we have
seem several disinterested, candid, and dispas.
sionale repreientations...from which we are con-
vinced, that the horrors of slircery are greatly
aggravated by the interference of which the
piansirs complain..-and it is seriously to be hoped
that area a No.popery Administration will see the

propriety, at least of withholding their support,
if out of interfering to. prevent the progress aid
ezteuslost of the practice. There really sasses to
be as OM want of foresight in the management
tof `West, as of east lo,tia affairs. Tile instrue.
lions which follow this Order of Council, are,
1
viewed, throughout the West Indies, with deep.
rooted aversion—and such an interference is there
generally understood to be tehollyismions,titutionot.
On that subject we shall ntit picsime to offer an
opiniou ; but, at a period when, to support the
monopoly of England, the colonists have, witlrout
a murmur, submitted to privations and restric-
tions that have almost brought them to the verge
of ruin, a due attention to their interests ought
really to be a. primary consideration of that
branch of oar Government under which the di.
rection of colonial affairs is mare especially
',laced. Slavery, however mild may be the Inas-
' ter, we abhor. We sincerely wish that it wern•.
instantly abolished in every corner of the habit.
able globe. But Mr. PITT, and his atNrasictews,
have led thalantees its to the same difficulty in which
the Stockholders of this enentri are involved. We
abhor that co a ny-bea dad monster, he national debt,

~~.

_ -
ist sn;,.aseCh as we detest slavery. But both
Ltistilledk.4.older, and the Planter, have been
'gored by the PITT system to get se deep, that to
wklidraw were impossible. The interests of both
Are iol4rWoven with the system —and it would not
Vet deertaistel to appli the sponge, en.l nklisee td
tsiittrylf.al one wipe, -the theasoside whose little
All is *Ablif in the fesiils--thae to abandon the
Planter to ruin liecsuse it is at length a:limited
that the princiiile of the system, hs which g.i Am*
eneourared him to proceedrin iniedsistent with
,minify and liberty. ascii a it 11iiihtrn for fears,
been annually boasting of' the. prodnee NMI
,duties on critonial proziocei -Have net the
,Plasters been iii•loced to istenaiber th-mordirst
inertricaldy with onertgage snort:sty Ow
enable than to increase their production mei te
increase the Revenge of 'England? H ire they
not conducted theliaelvel as faithfully as any sob.
Jew of the Empire, by cheerfully stibwittiig t.,
and evert co-operating with, eve -y restricting
which it has been deemed necessary to Impost
on commerce, by which th y haat) sitievnil, pee.
lisps more than any other class of persosse t
And yet, to their remonstratiers Whist Ow elver.
fereoce which threatens the very aststenee al Me
Colonies, dewy are
_told, that the Giesler are
paid. We are, however, gratikeil, by b lue ins
that thia important sul•ket will ba submitted to
Parliament. Our Ant an,l 144 wish rrspec
the West Indies is, that dawn, may be abolished;
'and that it finally will, we beer no it Hibt. Blot,
for Heaven's sake, add not to the horrors of sla-
very, those of massacre, deetraction, sad ester.
sanction

DUTCH DgCRICIC.
Loess Ka ros.tow, by the Grace of God and the Cooolllar
this of the Kingdom, King of Rolland, Lad Consable .t
France.
Upoo the Report or the Director of Way, arid Mean
afloat, el the Bth September 1809, we have &weed. sad wee.
by decree.
I. The transport of Colonial goods, moashaelares. sod New
ehamlize,assidereel is the 10th Article of the Law of the Sit
May, 1803, as beg caramodities. coming *on the Depart.
meet of &Wood, or the islands of CI i

. 1


y:. Y

lb


and protegees to (heather parts of the Moeda& kapeohlb.indl
Nell fustier orders, under psis of ceallination of the geode
conveyed is vlolati at of this prohibition, and of the mom*
employed in matey ing them.
11. The inhabitast. of the Department of Zealand, nal the
Woods abovementiossed, shall, within tams-row hoots from
the time of their brortr summoned thereto, deliver to snob per.
sans as may be appointed to aireiste the same. an aerostat of .
the quantity and descriptiam of eutasial good., and reputed
British taantsfaetonn sod merchandise, which they hat as
hood, at the period setts. enemy's Loraine, together with the
quantities mad sorts of such goods impaled by them or b mght
of alien. since the hamilint, nailer pea of the certain e ads-
eaten. for the benefit of she Natioall Treasury, of all such
arlirlli as hall, upon vishatioa and inspection, appear Nut to
hhin.l4powstaseletely or logy aireissir4 tat.
111. From the obligation of deliveriag these amnesia,
are etfaipled. all th-tse inhabitants, wbe have on greeter
stock ihe said produce or goods, thus 'mammary for their
domestic aminmption.
IV. The Director of Woys and Means alma. h ehtsratd
with tie erecution of the present Dome. and shall report
to as wrist 'the duenceries made in Woman; thereof.
Otero at Der Royal !Nave ma Harleia, the tth Sept,..
bee, of the year, DIOS, and of our relge4he 4tto.
LOUIS.
•
S PO RTI LL lag NCB.
NEWMARKET FIR.ST OCTOBER NBETI:4O, 11014
. FitIDA X, OCeonah 6.
Cirosvennes Eaten, Sm. lilt.. beat Nr. Atudteepearie Rep.
aerates-Bst Silh. Ab. M. 'mugs. h. 11.-i le sas IMaass.
'4 sutkeso.4.'s Sir Dod, 101 b. hens D. of Oral/nee
delc tto. ilb. T wo• yr old Cosine, hating.
Nr. Wils•nt's r. Pion Bi,l , by *hall Jevil, ea ay' Pis. itv,
beat Sir C. Banbury's J. 146411117, b 3 Young Worshers
Sys. Alb. each. Few* half of la I art nods
Bills.
Nr. Craven's br. Braalenbargh, .114. Bah. heat Mr.
Lloyd's Fan. 110. SOL First ho.f of Ab. N. Mo. —3 to 1
oca Broodeoborgb. •
toot'' szrzoilswe
Thu M. for !ho C.butoty of. Mild! -.ex


--
_. s~_l~irr


t

A sgistrates _ _
dine together on the 25th instant.-7 gausses
a.pirce to. tickets.
Earl srences Is evicted Is town this day, from .
Mr. Cosa's seat is Nuiefoik.
The Oaks of PORTLAND Du yesterday mach
he
Sunday morning last, his Serene Ifidhomo. the
Prince of uvula arrived at the Valley of Bock,
Inn, at Linton, from Ilfrarombe ; he spent riiiiiday
and a great part of Monday, iii steeling the grand
picturesque scenery of the. Valley of Rork., Ly.
month, and the variosus cataracts. His Hignsiess
was highly gratified with the beautiful loceolvry in
and sear Lintoo. Monday eve.iing he proeetdod
by the way of Lord Etais's lodge, to Donster.
TALKA has returned to Paris; cud the fee.
qrtenters of the Theatre Fraxfois are in eitacies.
He made his first appkarinice in Ilanlius—ihe
Theatre was crowded almost to se lricatioli. Mao.
is one of Ms hest parts; nothing can be more
excellent than his *cling in the seen,: of (he letter ;
his step, his restores, his yoke, every thing is
admirable., The merit and reputatiosi of this
actor increase d.O ly. He has reformed the deft.vs
of his decimation—there is mdre rvg airily and
liminess in his play.....mere dignity and measure in
etyle...he has I. length repressed the impctu.
laity of an aerlenkiniagivation, and regulated his
actions id hate.
Tie .Ist Somerset R-itiment of Militia has
marched from Be. ry-hisad ,darracks foe Plymouth.
Thursday the Ist West V,olk Militia were re.
, tiered at Maker iliclithts, Plymouth, by a detach.
men( of thiz.l).orset
Acawriiing to recent areADis from tliek, A re.
Tort islairtery iedisaLaionsly spread thriabgis Spain,
ley 11114M111,4rfes of NAPoLiv)N, that, if thc.Freuen
were beige* by ills Brit's!! 'army, Ihr coawry was
to he take,' posseition of in the name ut the Kit%
of Es OLAND.

II
