'

-

-JfITE

f't ~

,

1•

.
13111V4TER ELECTION., is infiliallsie integrity: He concluded by proposing would •be frnstrating the •
very object. they had in
#trE'S
r Prairie Burdett, which was received by long and view. .
The Election of the two Representatives for the oud applaum. • -No ether persons mime come forward, the names
city of Westminster, came on yesterday. Covent. Mi..rlkicevit,• in seconding this •proposal, could of Sir F: Burdett and lioriCochisine were successive-
an immense •-have wished the task to have fallen to abler hands, ly proposed to the Meeting ; and on a. show of hands
eaedenr, at an early hour, was tillOd by
crowd of.people, who behaved with an order end ttmuik he would yield
toilsinceri of heart to no we observed one held up against Sir• Francis Burdett,
itneieed in so targe an assembly. pees te.. He.wished al.l..preseet e impressed with and &met three or four against Lerd Cochrene.—
is hilarity seldom 14.
After his Royal Highness's Proclamation, and the the necessety of exercising (heir right of suffrage, a These Gentlemen were accordingly declered by the
•
Act of Parliament against Bribery and
sorrui right which they so seldom enjoyed, capable iscretion, High Bailin to be the persons dely•returned as Re-
lied been read, and the other proceeding usual on and to return those men who were of and presentatives to Parliament. After which the Meet-
diaposed Jo vindicate and defend their rights. It big immediately broke op. The whole time of the
such occasions had been gone through,
*as not surely their to see.itien
They solicitinconfg their Election did not exceed the space of one hour.
Mr. STUacti addressed the meetg fm the front
of the hustings. lie came forwardin , hero said, for the
.yotes in the way :of fOrtner times.erred
purpose of nominating a Gentleman for their choice en the Members whom they might elect, no favour
to serve as Member for the City in the ensuingwhatever; for these Members could reeeive no.favour
haploid. Before, honever, naming him, he Meant except illicitly and ireproperly.—tApplause.)—lle
to trouble them with one or two observations. 'He wished Hilt they would return their Members not
had no .hesitation in saying, that they had an on. only frenef all expellee, but, if possible, to pay their
This wits
tintibtPd right
.to a voice in any assembly which expellees Vailiament, as formerly.
farmed laws thatwere binding On the community at done so late isin the time of Andrew hlervel and
lage, and regulated the conduct of every individnal, he wished he might tiro to seethe time of its revi-
and that took money out of every man's pocket. This val. On this subject, if he spoke with some warmth
was a right which belonged naturally to every man en of feeling, it was because he knew the hard service
the face of the earth. [Applause.] Such a right had which the men who were returned to Parliament had
actually beep exercised in many small states, and par. to perform.
ticularly in the States of Greece and Rome, as was ! Mr. I'ETER RICHARDSON said, he stood there as
well known to every person iu the least acquainted ' one o
ff themselves, to recommendHonourable
;
with ancient history and it was only on account of Sir oas Cochrane, Knight of the Bath, come
the iliconvenieece of the whole of a large nation as- monly calle Lord Cochran; as
ore of
their Re-
sembling in one place, that our ancestors formerly, ! presentativesd -to Pament. Aft whit had been
and our brethren in America, in recent times, thought so ably said in praise of Sir Francis, Burdett, he
it expedient to delegate a small number of iudivi- could add thing new passing- tin
.-encomium
duals to represent the whole community. [Ai ;on the Hon no
ourable
He could assure Gentlemn
them, that wheni •pro
those vir-
picture.; In England, formerly, on every import- : posed. all -•
ant erasion, when new laws were to be framed, tues, the zeal, energy, and independence of mind
whey grievances were to be redressed, or when taxes which had been so justly attributed fn' Sir Francis
were to be imposed, the people delegated Represen- ' Burdett, belonged also to Lord Coclfraits'e his Cole
tatives to Parliament, with instructions as to the !• league. It had been objected fo him, 'that as he was
manner in which they were to act ; and when the a naval officer he could not properly represent the
busiuess was over fur which they were especially , City of Westminster. The City of Westmiesser had
sent,.they returned to give an account of their con- always had naval officers for Representatives, but
duct to those who sent them. [Applause.] It would ; then they were alive) e trust upon them by the Admi.
be found on examining our Statute Book, that Par- • nistration. Here,- however, they had a man who
liaments were then held once every year • and there ' had acted with the utmost zeal in their cause against
were even instances on record, in which three Parlia- ; his interest, and without regard to professional pre-.
ments were held in the same year. In short, a Par-' ferment, or a view to the patronage looked after by
!lenient was chosen* whenever there was any impor- i other men in his -profession, who generally were not
tant business to transact. This was a proof that the very witlidg tti displease those who had the distribo-
Candidates did not then expend thousands on their I Lion of the loaves and fishes. In Parliament, Lord
elections in the manner of the present day. In fact, Cochrane had' always strongly supported the mea.
there were then no Candidates; and those persons sures of their ether Representative. He counte.
who were delegated to Parliament were paid for their rimmed him during his imprisonment, he joined with
expenses and trouble by their Constituents. Great him in his reprobation cf Tyranny, the Ex-Officio
alterations had, however, taken place since those ' Informations of the Attorney-General—lie was a
times. The time of the duration of Parliament had stickler for the Right of Trial by Jury, and that
been lengthened, not by the Electors, but by the , portion of Liberty which was handed slow a to us by
elected, at first to three years. It was not, how- • our forefathers.--To enumerate all his merits
ever, till under one of the Kings of the House* would he tedious and long—all of them knew
of Hanover, that the period was extended to seven , that in the house of Commons he had always
years, by a majority of a House of Commons who, advocated the cause of those brave fellows who I
he had no hesitation in saying, ought every one of constituted our navy.—[ Reiterated Applause.]—
them to have been traaspoi Gel [Loud Applause.] the had spoken loudly there of the abuses in Prize
The majority of the house atm:wines determined, Courts, by which their prize-money was so much
that being elected for three years they should hold curtailed, that little or nothing frequently remained
their seats for seven years, in contempt of the people ' to them after undergoing the esnensive ordeal of
who sent them, unless it might happen to be the plea- those Courts. Ile also had been imprisoned, though
sure of a Minister of the Crown to dispense with ' not in the Tower, by a tyrrantlical Judge in the',
their attendance by a dissolution. It happened Island of Malta. It had been said, that he broke
lately to be the pleasure of the Prince Regent to , his prison there. it would not have been amiss, if
dissolve the last Parliament, which gave them an op- he had eict the Judge iii his way, that he had also
port unity of doing what ought to be done by them brol.en his head-1./ laugh.]—Why, they had the
once every par. It was their duty at present to c eiscience there bring in a Bill of Costs which Lord ,
re, ►n two men to the ensuing Parliament, whom Cochrane predeced in Parliament, as long as from
th-e had every reason to believe to be the faithful here to that boy there perched on the top of the
guardians of that portion of liberty which was still 1 lamp-post (about 70 or 80 feet distant)—[A laugh.]
en, yeti by the people of this country, and firm and ; —They ought all of them to be advocates for the
able advocates for the restitution of those rights of If Tars of England—they fight like lions, and all for
which they had been most' traitorously deprived ; Ithe sake of procuring peace and prosperity to their I
men who would assist the people in the work of an I country. Ile was also an advocate for the Catholic
effectual Reform of the House of Commons, well Question, though, at the same time, an enemy to
knowing that all our complicated distress had its mi. I Papish Priestcraft, of which the consequences were
gin in the corrupt state of that House—( Applause.) tyranny, oppression, and slavery. The Electors had
Fortunately it was not necessary at present to fix on done what Electors ought always to do—and the
men whose characler and is hose principles wereyetun- ; Committee had been rightly named—Friends to the
tried ; they might-fix on men whose actions, as well Purity of Election. They knew of no Candidates—
as their language, proclaimed them the defenders of they left all open to the people ;—the consequence
the people's right—There was one man in partial- was, that this prevented the ruin of their patriotic ,
lar, whom. character and whose opinions were well friends, who would have to struggle against that
known to them all, who had done every thing which overpowering purse, from which what was taken'
ought to endear him to his Constituents, who 1 I
would all fall on themselves. Should the contest be
bad evinced superior abilities, the greatest in- long, which, God forbid ! a little of the Secret Ser.
tegrity, an inflexibility of opinion under the most vice Money might find its way to disturb the purity
bitter persecution, and the soundest constitutional lof the election. He should conclude with proposing
principles. Such was the man whom he meant to have Lord Cochrance as one of their Representatives.—
the honour to propose to them, 'tamely, their late [Loud applauses.]
worthy Representative, Sir Francis Burdelte—(Loud! Mr. Honors seconded the proposal. His worthy •
and repeated shouts of applause). He perceived • friend who spoke before him had left him'but little
from the manner in which this name was- received, to say. One thing, however, he would mention to
that it was unnecessary for him to take up much of them—Lord Cochrane had written two letters, in
their time -in dilating upon his character. Of his one of which he had detailed his past services, and
sincere and firm attachment to liberty, his abhorrence in the other pledged himself with respect to hit fu-
of
oppression, and his wish to procure justice to all : ture conduct—to support Parliamentary Iteform,.i
sorts ef people, he had no need to say any thing.— and the Right of the People to a full and free shard
As to his opinion of the corrupt system, by which ,of the elective franchise. He had also pledged
the people are governed, in defiance of the Consti- , self to support Catholic Emancipation, as long as the
Won, and his opinion of the filthy state of that Catholics would consent to enjoy time principles of
House in which he had lately a seat, he had only to Englishmen—but at the same time he had stated, that
refer to that opinion as published in the STATESMAN he could not consent to place any part of the British
on Wednesday, and many of yesterday's Morning • Empire under the dominion of the Pope of Rome.
Papers. When he had stated to them that Sir Fran. ; Mr. Glossies began to address the Meeting, but
cis Burdett was more than five years ago returned by I we were unable from the noise to bear him with any
they as PAT Representative io Parliament, could he degree of distinctuesss. We understood him to say,
possibly doubt for a moment, hat they would now that he did not come forward with profeisions of :
do time same thing, after five years of faithful, ho. 1. patriotism to ensnare them, and that no man had
nourable, and laborious services ?---(Applause.)— assisted the late Mr. Fox In his struggles more than!
Every one of these years was marked by most meri..l himself. lie would say, in the face of his Fellow..
torions exertions in favour of the people ;—(Vers ; Electors, thit he had never prostituted his principles
fro,. o—exertions which were not called forth to , to any sinister purpose, and he therefore claimed
serve thedirty views of any faction or party, or 'set ! the sacred tight of an Englishman to be heard,
•f men, but which were made on the broad ground while ho explained to them why ho had dissented
of the public security, liberty, and happiness.— I from the Resolutions of the Meeting at the
(Applause.) Having mentioned the Address, he wish- I Crown and Anchor Tavern, respecting the last Cen..
od to make one remark respecting it. There was a • didate. It was true he had always maintained that
passage in It which might have misled some persons, no man could be in two situations—tight etre battles
where Sir Francis Burdett professed a wish to retire,' of his country and discharge the duties of
and no longer to serve in Parliament. He had no of Parliament:, Ti these sentiments he jet idhered
doubt, that this would be highly agreeable to him; I —but'tkere were, iu his oPluion, peculiar circam-
but it was not to be understood as a refusal en the ; stances in this cue. Lird-Gocitrane had. Promised.
Ili.
of Sir Francis to sit la Pullainant If returned, to point out certeio ' tie den Navy, which ots
Ili. opinion was, that when a 111111 Was freely elected I man but.n Seit'Olt der C' out.' (Hero thi
to a seat is Peeliament,. it was hit duty to obey the ' no' iselbecoa se so .ioad) isiesiornelislie 110. caW!
voice, and to serve his Contilituenes with fide-1 itearisojightp] • rroilla
lity. Ile trusted,lherefore, Francis
sßurdett nd pump to he 4 ins KAMM, t9:4
&&
should be returned by them, its. iota Piiftiriii his irate& his seat in oing:eh'
407 iu a manner worthy of his superior abilities and ' would gplace him in the heads. the Ministry, and

returned or elected a Member of Parliament ; and
ittly person or persons, who shall receive or :r-cept
of, by hitnself, herself, or thenis-Ives, or by inly
other person or persons hi trust fo; , or to tl!o we or on
the behalf of such person any styli. Voce, or.
employment, upon such exple.;s contract or agree-
ment, shall forfeit such ~dice, place, or emp!ov_
moot, and be incapacitated from holding toe balm?,
awl shall forfeit the Stint of tint. 7...nued3,
which said sun of live litridrad nds I; he re.
etr?rcd as is herein b-fore enacted : acid n :y porson
lio!diag any office under his Majesty, Who eve
s.ich office, appointment, or p; Co, npon any ~:eh
tn:pr,s; cunt:act or agreemact, that the p;1. -.nn to
Wt!lM or for whose use such offiu., appoilltq:ol:i or
pkwe shall have !Wen given, I?i•ocure, or„ri.
vr to procure the return of any por•o::
shall forfeit the stint of {LC . 5,1
rccovt.red in such manner as is herein-L;fai. p ea
•

. .
7'llE. .1) INSOLUI'IO.7%T.
It may may. not he improper to publish the :eubse-
quent Act upoa the eve of a ..General Election -:--
easto eu voireeestmo sox° GEORGIC 111. ftielve
CIL% P. CX VIII, An Act for t-tter serterinz the Inde;,on..
dence and Purity of Parliament, by preventing itl, in uctirin4
or obtaining of Seats is Parliament by cut rain Practices.
[lt;th.ltine, !Mg.)
. • Whereas it is expedient to make further peovNott
for preventing corrupt practices in the procuring of
elections and returns of Members to sit in the House
of Commons :. and whereas the giving, or proem ins
to be given, or promising to give or to procure to be
- given nay sum of money, gift or rower', cr any
office, Ware, employment, or gratuity, in order to
procure the returti of any Member to serve in Par-
liament, if not given to or for the use of some per-
son having a right, or claiming to have a right to
act as a returning officer, or to vote at such election,
-is not bribery within the meaning of an Act passed
in the s.'ciud year of King George the Second, ill-
; tittiled " An Act for the more effectual preventing
' Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members
i to serve in Parliament," but such gifts or promises
• are contrary to the ancient usage, right 'and free-
dom of election", and contrary to the laws and con-
; etitetien of this realm ; be it declared and enacted by
the Kine's most excellent Majesty, by and with the
1 advice of the Lerds Spiritual and Temporal, and
; Conenoes, in this present Parliament assembled, and
I by the Atithetity of the same, that if any person or ;
--ea.--
1 persons .iial.l, from and after the passing of this Act, ;
on a charg,,e of obtaining gelids Illiikr false ir-
! either by hieisell, hereelf, or themselves, or by any Curentlette—Thursday IV. ti'aerf was brought up for final
' exantinatai nt,
other persolt or perems, for or on his, her, or their :%;%:.1,.,e,a::.1.i,,,-:.4::e.ti,!h,i,:tt.Nititelieil,,l:i.:ll::.::ortl;:,e,itnt:h.h-Ltraidaazthkeits.,.s.iCrijors.:lLtic,ls),;:i..,,,;::,..c.,E.nd:t.r.,titia.,
1.,,,,;:ri1.
1 behalf, give, or cause to be given, directly or kith-
reetl ,or promise or agree to give any sum of money, flower, liv Wm is he W:1; it;srilargod .4.;,i, tilts, „4„..e. ii,„.;,..4
gift or reward,. to any person or persons, upon trey 041,a,irete4.1.0i....ik.tiii;:,a,
to citf.; r,tr.o.s\pl le•:itltro_nt;;E:i..it:enitingi
.tit titehi.inte
and at V4ll,thiS tilileSt,,,.:t to the Wn.;tf‘f,.e.r ,44'.0 , 3,1,1 e .nri'' Cite,'. seine
engagement, contract, or agreement, that inch per.
son or persouis to whom, to -.show use, or on whose 501. Pr i •.:,„,'•d 03 the: Clerk of the V......,tfr by fiWged order!,
behalf such gift or prom si le shall be merle, shall, by Fit's; Pe7c11.7--r",.-ie 6tee";:sol:i:e:‘-gi re.„ll'a"ni"7::„beli•lesiliea es'e4ll"i'-i:lo'cr‘t‘lh'e' lay:
himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other The Prisoner di: oat d ::y that he It eel twinnitied Ili:- fraud ai:d
et..
person or persons whatsoever at hie, her, or their so- Pte in C'e tuna's 4.f several parrots 0a 1,011 tie !tad stld the
licitation, request, or command, procure or endea-
. ol; :4 the latter rtee:;tled the exaMisurinet, and seater , that
vour to procure the return of any person to serve in lit,:ta..d .•0•1,1"t :'aid a ".if PT ;ft' I.' I:te %-l'.
;,; aloatt of tiles 'd' Lie Pr;•euer, hat et warmed
O
Parliatnent for any county, stewartry, city, town, , lt,. tlee:'d 1.
n ruslerinar, Sir Iw. Lttea toy, remit) e ed the condors! of
borough, eieque pert„ or plate, every person so hay- ee,
...eses e•he este. eeeeet tee eieret a: pearl, :ad( ite,•ir v:dle: :7;::1
I;;,,,,.7o.rti,datcocirt:7l?,a,!..,bre•tuf‘i in taut rose t .ey wooed have Leen
big given, or promised to give, if not returned him- ebelreee. the it ~T; flarrl..;C r..! i Ue,i) ;he Pri•oaer oas sot
self to Parliament for such county, stewartry, city, i ete eete, we. et.
town, borough, cinrjue port, or place, shall, for t'ine parti; s tettenti..tl to itros-ret•,.. ate;', Mfter the forgery of
Mr Ilium -r's name the I be,!) di•tinctly pro-.el, re trios 1
every such gift or promise, forfeit the sum of one
. that h.s ol'eact• heing..a ...isd.m'ev...:t.inr",
was. cournitted for ~.. ant onmit, to t,'llie his .1 al. • .i
le -cr
thousand pounds, to be recovered in such maener as ferterei.at the same tla.,-.
hereinafter provided, with respect to the sum of five le- reiget he admit:cal to ti.it, lei.n...elf in I .'il. 4ted :no surmi... its
hundred pounds ; and every such person so returned,. EG!...
,et,,er h.
ii N-SIT.FET.—Ts% o trier, Wilu Urn.. on Wed ..ekala nigh seen
and so having given, or so having promised to give, by an 011ic.:r near I:ruitl,ltteri `;easel :'its, aim a qmtiaits of
or knowing of and consenting to such gifts or pro- lead of o Inch th;sy c. 0.1.1 not g: ve any 4.ai:::letnty iarril;oll
nut
bran 4li! to tree tatiire, an.; tiered I.:N. whi.:ll, R. all l
'y . rout.
mises, upon any such engagement, contract, or t pay, •hey a etc in default sentenced to nue t.ton.a • aa, rt.
agreement, shall be and is hereby declared and .en- meow-at.
acted to he disabled and incapacitated to serve in that
~,:"‘.l",'2lt7i,"i?.,..s.ht4,"l":‘"kieiren.)'" I,';';),;',gy''fi ht°,,t,,4.:;,,(,)rtfie'.`:‘,.."1::
Parliament for such county, stewartry, city, town, i i
p...1-r'gf..e.,..-;, ream 40 !,!•tb:l a Mrl.l%,idil,Krui., Plu.:.-11,1.-oreet,
borough, cinque port, or place, and that such per- at. tutee.. Nr. Addin.4ion st,a,li, tine. at three tiela •K in the
aftertinol of Mott•iztv• his shop-doter. n Isiell his sco, sat-maid
son shah be deemed and taken, and is hereby de- ha I lewk-d, was opci:ed, as he supposed. 17 a rusk(' k-y. Soon
dared and enacted to be deemed and taken to - be no . after he etitered the shey, and missed 550 1.a..1' ~:1 S.C.
Member of Parliament ; and enacted to be, to all •
: theirembir,tti: a tti
100
ool:11,tliis sutitittt,aol.l. ISI: antminiett:.ahsev,
jel.,!valdwlt:t.: o'clock, of
intents, construrtions, and purposes, as if he had ,„„,,,.,
ts t..,‘11 oat of the shop of Mr. Addington. each wet!, a pier
never been returned or elected a Member in Parlia- ghee.. under his arm. Ile .aw the Prisoner ~,e:dertlity morning
ment ; nut! any person or persons who shalt receive - ilitear tte4house of Mr. Addington, and immediately 0. c.amml
•or accept of, by himself; herself, or themselves, or 1 The Prisoner prutmted his innocence, and said It; had evidence
by any other person oe persons in trust for, or to to prove that he nasal noel hi making shoes from eleven o'clock
• till eve nn tae as; all tdeJ to. He wet, retained for further ex-
the use or on the behalf of him, her
or them, any Minn:llion tos Nloittlay.
,i such sum of money, gift, or reward, or any such i
----•-------
1
• promise upon any such engagement, contract, or I Election Canvas'se'rs should keep in mind the old
agreement, shall forfeit to his Majesty the value and Spanish Proverb, "In
,(/our warmth to prwoot.
amount of such sum of money, gift, or reward, over your friend's interest, don't forget Nouroun," but
and above the sum of 5001. which said sum of 5001. consider that au easy indeoendettie may be ob-
; he, she, or they shall forfeit to any person whO shall . tallied by any one of the f20,(,00 hive in the pre-
; sue for the same, to be recovered with such costs sent Lottery, so hick will all be drawn ou 'fiiesthiy,
!or suit by adieu of debt, bill, plaint, or informa- Caen, instant.
tion, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ; 1
.e.LECTIONEERING ANECDOTE.—it had immetuo-
: Westminster, if the offence be committed in that ' rially been the custom for the Gaels/dee fer reere-
; part of the United Kingdom, called England and . smiting a certain Borough in S--k (the et-eerie
Wales, and in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- : of the distinguished family of C. —lO, t..) give the
cord at Dublin, if the, offence be committed in Ire- ConFlituentv a dinner. On a ‘nra•ee-, some eetrs
land, wherein respeetiveoy no essoign or wager of since, the Earl of 1"--it, the thee tC.'aedidate, Fe-
law, or more titan one intparlance shall be allowed ; sided at table. Upon his heelth tweet drau!: with
and if the offence be committed in Scotland, then to great eclat, after a larger retereitv then usual of the
be recovered with fqll costs of suit by summary ac- • • •of the grape 111 flowed, his: Lortlihip (Imeieg
juice
tion or complaint before the Court of Session, or profoundly) said—as Geo ka,e„, you d„ me tee noels
; by prosecution before the Court of Justiciary there.
honour'' —and from that pet ired the diluter ceased.
11. Provided always, and be it further enacted,
In coneequeeee or a very hieh timid in the terieho
That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or bourhcod o: Rippretrien, get "doedee e;sr, a cowl-
!be construed to extend; to any money paid or agreed dera!)l,nitinher of id!e people crilected tosr,mher, mid
1 to be paid to or by any person, for any legal ex- about lan o'clock at tliget %veto to the hoose of ,'•lr,
pence bond fide incurred at or concerning any Elec- neheee Hoyle, ca1!,.(1, the Muss, a Bate Reeve the
Itiott. Temple-factory, ie a:sheen-Ih, end dome:alert all :he
111. Anti be it further enacted, *That if ally per- money he had its the house, at the se.ne time eresett!
esott or persons shall, from and after the passing, of • ing a pistol to him, and threateteue his iFe •f !Pt!. d
this Act, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by not deliver it immediately. They get :rom !:•tts
any other person or persons for or on his, her, or about -401. they were in number front ID to 12 per-
their behalf, give or procure to he given, any office, . sot's, with handherchic fs over their facie. Thl at-
place, or employment, to any person or persons • terwards went to a public-house at Bett's-gre:;te vet
whatsoever, upon any express contract or agreement i demandfd motley, b.II setting none, they regerd
that such person or persons, to whom or to whose use' themselves freely with all the meat a:;d drink te lie.
or on whose behalf such gift or promise shall be made, I lin use.
shall by himself, herself or themselves, or by'tea
any e k shocking circi,re!".te:ice frs"P'
I ..ulcinc.—•
other person or persons at his, her, or their solicita- on the 21 inst. Mr. Uriall Booth, of Laeerep.-
tion, request, or command, procure or endeavour to I bridge, near Huddersfield, a very respect:low 7P, ,
procure the return of any person to serve in Parlie- chant, shot himself threugh the *head with a ei.',,;;
ment for any County, Stewartry, City, Town, Bo- I the contents entered his head ;1 letee ahoy,. the 1.,.
rough, Cinque Port, or place, such person, so re- • ear. 'Pee , rash act is supposed to have heen
.ce'e'.
turned, acid so having given or procured to be given., milted about ttie in the morning, and he was well
or so having promised to give or procured to be given,
dead with the pistol in his right hand, in
- his se:e
or knowing of and consenting to such gift or pro- warehouse, abent four in the afternoon. Ile-has It
ft
raise upon any such express contract or agreement, a Wife and n smell family to lament his loss. .
as re-
shall be and 'ls hereby declared and enacted to be HettRISC: FISIIERY.—The shoal of herrings,_:,
disabled and - incapacitated to serve tn that Parlia- . , .
ported by the Malik. I
; s tiseertneu this. season. ore( p 1 "I
• , Iti li.
ment for such County, Stewartry, City, Town, Be.
a space of not less 15 miles. The sea Reese..
t.
rough, Cicalae Port, •r place, and that such person terallY _alive with them.—ll.ow boundless are 111
idaellibe deemed and. taken, and is hereby declared gifts, ' 0 Proihieure ! • •
and enacted to be deemed and taken to be no Mem- ,
iserAif gafliatnegt, and enacted to be to all intents,
construetions and porposes as if itchadlieier teen
1,

IV. Atid be it further ener!el, that no ! e .ort
sl:a1.1 he made liable to arty forf::iiu::, or :• t,
this: Art created or imposed, unless Selne p:- s ci .
nmion, or suit, fnr the otfoore committed. 7.hlti
be actually nod legally commeared ngliost such Pe:.
son wi!lrin the space of two year, next :rite' 5..1.11 '-
fent-e against this act shall he commiteil, and inoca
such person OA be actually al.(1 lowilly en-este!,
summoned, or others% ise served svi!h ail. original
Or other writ and process within the :ame spare of
time, so as such arrest, stinunons, or service of ally
original or other writ or proct Ss shall not be prQ.
vented by such person absconding or withdrawing
out of the jurisdicion of the Court out of sshleh such
original or writ or process shall have been
issued; and in case of any such prosecution, suit, or
precess as aforesaid, the same shall be proceeded in
and carried on without any wilful delay; and that
all Statutes of deofoils and &mend:news of the Law
whatsever shall aad may be construed to extend to
all proceedings in 'any such prosecution, action, or
suit.

Po .LICE.

. .
tONDIO:: MOM 7.111 rtbiiliketikelilewslA 01
ST 4ismacas Otitis:47.
