TR$ ROYAL sm.

• --or—
• Poursstourn, SATURDAY, MAY 24.—Such Is Row the
facility of manning the smaller cuss men of-war at this
port, that the Jasper, of 10 guns. Capt. Arbuthnot. had
70 men, out of her complement of 75, on her victualling
list, in tea days after she was in commission, and these all
able seamen.
Lieut. Robert Seallon, of the Bulwark, and Lieuten-
ant Richard Clark (a), are promoted to the rank of Com-
mander, and the former appointed to the Banc, 20, on
the roast of Africa —Lieut. T. S. Scriven, to command
the Badger, at Weymouth.
The Thistle, 10, is ordered to be fitted with dispatch, to
retnrn to the African station.
The Bellette and Bustard arrived at Barbadoes on the
42d of March, and the Surinam, Fore, Ringdove, and
Esk, on the 9th of April; the two latter sailed again the
someday—the ltingdove for Jamaica, and the Esk for
St. Vineent. The Athol arrived at New York the 19th
of April. The Scout arrived at the Havanna the sth of
April.
The Oloucester, Phaeton, and Eden, sailed from Bar-
badoes on the Ist ult., for Jamaica.
The Thistle, 10, Capt. Hagan, was paid off on Thurs-
day. It ought to be known throughout the kingdom,
that, with only the means which the command of this
small vessel gave Capt. H., he captured and released
from slavery upwards of four thousand victims of that
outrage to humanity, the Slave Trade; who.n lie has
had the satisfaction of bringing within reach of the bless-
ings of British freedom and Christian civilization.
The other ships on the station had (previous to the
Thistle's departure), also been very successful during the
Commodore's (Sir Robert Mends) absence—the Driver,
Capt. T. IVolrige, having captured two vessel=, with four
hundred slaves ; the Cyrene, Capt. Greer, two, with two
hundred and fifty; the Bann, Copt. Voillips, six, with
eight hundred ; and the Snapper, Lieut. Itothery, one
Limbed and twenty.

Remain at Spithead —Ranger, Arrow, and ;
with the ship Greenock, bound to the Gspe, and the Al-
bioo, Best, with convietg, for New South ►Vales.

BOW•STREICIP. THIS MORNlNG.)—.lepeated com-
plaints having been been made by the inhabi'ants of
Cranbourn Alley, and the streets adjoining, of the in-
famous conduct of the nymphs of the Pave who pursue
their unfortunate avocations in that district, a warrant
was granted by Sir RICHARD Mame for their capture
and entrusted to several active officers of that E•tablish-
ns mt for i 'execution, •who succeeded in touveying between
&landfill of them to durance tile. They were this u ors big
brought up to groupes, and upwards of twenty of item
haying been recognized as troublesome customers, were I
committed to the House of Correction f ira month, ti •.e
to kept to the wholesome exercise of the tread mill.
The others were discharged, after recei tigg an a
monition from Sir RICHARD as to their feture conduct.

COLCHISTILS, Mar 23.—The Friends. .I:X.:ph Tran-
ba.n, master, of this port, was totally lost on the e veling
of the Bth instant, off Dungeness, on her passage from
Jersey to Milton, laden with oysters, and every one on
board, viz. the master, his son, 18 years of age, his
brother-in-law, two apprentices, perished. The vessel
was upset in a sudden sepal!: the Queen, of Shorehim,
was near her, and also was in the wri west danger, but
the sails giving way she righted; the crew of the
Friends called for help, bat the Queen being nearly full
of water, no assistance could be rendered. Tranhatu
has left a wife and five infant children, without the
smallest means of maintenance ; they have to deplore
not only the loss of their protectoe, but all his little
property.
• An Act of Parliament has been obtained for incorpo-
rating a Company in Ireland, for the purpose of making
was from ter/,, or tatieer, as we suppose, frau
peat. It is uSderstood that a gas of a very superior
quality can be made from it, and if so, there is a pros-
pect of some national good to that unhappy country, by
giving additional employment to peasantry.

COAL PIT ACCIDENT CONTRADICTED.—We tike the
earliest opportunity of giving a positive contradiction
to the statement iwerted in our last, of a fatal accid••nt
having occurred at the Itryncoed colliery, no such oc-
currence haying taken place. 'rite narrative we gave
was taken from a petition in which it was embodied, and
which had been handed about this city, by an unprinci-
pled miscreant, for the purpose of raising contributions
upon the public for his own use.—(Chester Courant.)

We are sorry to state that the Tweedside Kelso Coach, I
which left E linbisrgh on Saturday morning last, was
violently upset when rousing down Sontraisill, on the
new mad a little on the west side of the old Inn of
Channelkirk. There were nine or ten passengers out-
side, of whom one gentleman teeped from the easel' be-
fore it fell, and escaped with a bruise on his knee. Four
or five of the others were thrown down the bank front
the coach top, along with trunks, boxes, &c. and by the
wonderful mercy of Providence, they all e.icaped any
actions injury, excepting the Reverend Mr. Shirrs of
Yetholin, who had his left arm broken. The rtst of the
outside passengers lay where they fell, and were more
or less braised, but only one severely. Of the five per-
sons who were within tke coach, all escaped without the
smallest hurt, hut Mr. IVat. Hogg, of Earistoun, whose
head was very severely cut, and who, we hear, is now at
Earlstonn, in a doubtful state. had not the wall, a part
of which was thrown down, served as a sort of prop, the
coach would probably have gone over the bank. Of the
cause or causes of this alarming occurrence, from which
much more serious consequences might bare been
dreaded, we feel ourselves at present incompetent to
speak. Hot certainly, a matter in which so many lives
were put in the most imminent hazard, aught to be fully
and impartially investigated.--(Kelso Mail.)
Thursday se'nnight,at Glasgor,a Sheriff's officer and a
party who had been on the look-out for lomedays for a gang
of forgers from Ireland, succeeded in apprehending the
whole. On their persons were found 200 guinea notes
of the Stirling Bank ; fifteen 30s. notes of the. Bank of
Ireland; three 30s. notes of the Northern Bank; one
20s. note of the Royal Bank of Scotland ; and one 20s.
note of the York Bank, all forged. Tile gang had no-
tice on Monday that there was a look-out for them, and
were on their way to Ireland by the way of Portpatrick.

Batowrox. Mar 26.—The brig " Polly." roal laden, has
been wrecked on our brach—crew sand, but part of her
cargo lost.—The Nathaniel. of NPWenstle, is, at present, On
her beam ends, on the strand, and fears are entertained, un-
less the spring tides should set in very favourably, that
this vessel also is destined to he reduced to fragments.
Two other vessels which had ran in at the same tintt
with the above, i. e. Tue4ilay last; to unload, after pretty
nearly accomplishing their object, before the tale l'3111.•
on, had the good fortune once more to rind safety afloat.
CORN EXCHANGE, MAT26.—T7te arrival of all dest:rip-
tions of Grain last week, were unusually large, except
of Peas. This morning the fresh supplies are only mo-
derate, but having consideiable quantities on band,
there was a very great show of samples. Wheat tart a
heavy.sale, at a reduction of is. to 3a. per quarfer from
the price, of this day se'onight Barley is Is. Amer yet
lower.—titans have declined from Is. to 2s. per yr, ajill
terp little sale for them.—pests maintain last quotations%
—Oats though with greatdidirulty find sale quoted. 2s.
to 34. per yr. lower than last Monday and Fluor remains
unaltered in price.
SNITHEIRLD MARXET4 MAT 26.—The market, ibi
morning was rather short of oxen, but of sheep, the
sepply was good. There was a number of inferior qua-
lity of cattle at market, which sold at much the same
pct e as on Friday; but articles of superior descriptions
ttaioed rather.* Lighter price..

4Ni4,1 -

V

.

RIPOItTING If 4 r lILLIOENCS,

, • -•• •-•.....---••• ,
ILANCIIIREITIM sigirr, !NO. 1941
7111.1113 DAT, MAT 274--(.1011D DAT. - ..
Sweepatakes.of sons sack lOgs ft. foe two yrs old cold;
Sst. 21b. ; fillies Sit. Thies cittagtliri of a mile, io start
•et the St. Leger Post. . • . . • .
Mr. Hontdiworth's ca. f. by Maddock ...... . ... I.
Mr. Johnson's b. e. by °Mesita
Tbroe others paid forfeit-4 t.l on ilia wiener, and woe
easy.
I , ,
A Free Trandiesp Stakes of WO OA; Aftpre ft: with si
sows. added. for 4 years old, won easy by Mr. Clifton's Dr.
c. by Orville Ast.

A Plats of O'l. for 3 and 4 yrs old. Second entitled to 401,
Mr. Hoeldwortles br. f. by Pinto da Puta ..• 4 I •1
Mr. Jones's gr. c. air Edward, 4 yrs • 14

• • • •
THE LATE GREAT PUGILISTIC FIGHT. •
It now appears that a Quaker Lady (thotigis not Mrs:
Fry) did actually interfere to prevent the late great fight
between Spring and Neale The folrowing is given as
a correct statement of what
.occnzred on the Occa-
sion :
A fine old lady, of the Society. of Friends; with a
couple of her daughters, came in their earriage to the
Angel, at Marlbro', during the tins- Neat was in trai l-
ing. The two daughters remained hi the carriage, at
the door, while the old lady made her way into the
Angel. She ascended the stairs, and foand Belcher in a
room, sitting by himself, Neate having retired to change
his clothes. Toni thought the lady had mistaken the
apartment in the above inn, till she addreased him?
Thy name in Belcher, is it not, friend ?" " Yes'
Madam," was the reply.--Toto was in hopes to
get rid of the lady before Nettie 'retuned. but she
waited till the Bristol hero made his appearance. "
understand, friend A'eatc, thou art ;boat fighting a prize
battle. Dost thou nor know it is verysinful. Be advised,
friend, and give it up." Neate w.ged tii .t he was bound
in hononr, and that if ite gave it .up, he was likely to
lose 5001. by What is 5001. in comparison with
thy poorsoal ! Think of that, friend. (dive it bp, I beg
of thee; and I will see if the 5001. cannot be raised for
thee." After an expostulation of nearly two hours, ins-
pressed upon Neate with tear the old lady retired with-
out obtaining the desired effect. The Bristol hero, by
way of consolation, thanked the old lady for the interest
and kindness she had taken in his fate, and promised her
that he would not fl ht any more.
Wet understand it is the ietentiost of Spring to " tie
up Prize•milling," and attend to busineaa.
On the first deposit of MU. being made good at tl4
Castle Tavern, Holborn, towards the above match, Spring
offered to take 'fern Belcher 100/. to 20/. that he drew
Pit blood ; also that Neate did not knock him down
ing the botde ; and, ultimately, he should ain the fight.
" So much du I care," slid Spring, " for the hard hit-
ting of Neate.!" These events hare all been verified by
Spring.
Mr. Jackson collected for the losing man, on the
ground, 47/. The night previous to the battle, Spring;
in company with his backer, walked from Andover to
take a view of the ground on which the battle was to
take place, when Spring observed " it was so beautifni
a spot, that no man could grumble to be well licked uvula
it.'

CIRCUMSTANCES ♦ND ♦NECDOTES CONNECTED MII2II THC

FIGHT.
In lest✓ than six years Spring bas fought his way to thsi
Championship, as the following statement of his battles will
shew:—

September 9, ISl7,—he defeated Stricter in te9 min.
April . --- Painter In 1 !I.:0 m.

August 7, ISlS,—he lost with Point. r in 1 h. 4 m.
May 4, ISI9, —he defestet Carter is I 11..55 tn.
December 90, 1319. lien Berns in IS to.
May to. Id."--- Nephew of Do. in 30m.
June 97, IS2o.—a turn-up wills Josh. Hudson in 3 rda:
Febeeary 99, 1810.—he defeated Oliver in 63 m.
May 20. 15:,3.----- Neate In 37 m.
CHAT irsult TO THE NEW CHAllPto,r.—we are requested
to state, that serer..l gentle nen of the co•nutiet of Berkshire
and Otoucestershire wia back Morris Pote (who misplayed
so much courage and agility in his recent 1)014 with Sant,
Parsons), against Spring, for 200: aside.

The Newspaper reports, respecting Mr. S. the backer n
Spring having won 70011/. on the event. is completely errone-
ous; also that Mr. Oully had realised 10,000!. Mr. (3. did
nut win more than 1010. It is true . that Mr. J. B.snd has
picked up a tidy stake ; but it is false that Beecher has lost
a large sum of money upon the battle. Tom is too good a
judge to risk too much of his tine.
A very remarkable case has oci•nrred with a man in the
School-wynd of Paisley. The hair of his head, and likewise
his beard, has entirely come away frem his skin, without
any apparent cause for so striking a change. He is per-
fectly well in health, and can assign no reason for the loss of
his hair. Ile had formerly a good head of hair, and an or.
(Unary strong or rough beard, and in the short space of lox
weeks be has been niers elously deprived of both, lie wag
nearly eleven years in a militia regiment, during which pe-
riod, in order to linen., parade in a decent and cleanly man-
ner, he was necessitated to share Ids beard generally once
day, and now, to the astonishment of all Ids friends, he hgv
not to perform any labour of the kind. -(Glasgetr f.ltronlete.)
—We know a Captain in the Navy who has been both hale_
headed and beardless for several years. He wears a wig,
but needs no razor. He is unable to account for the loss of
bia beard.—(Eeliabisegk Star.)
Yesterday moraine the two companies of the 7;th Re-
giment, which have been for some months stationed in
the Castle, marched for tilesg,ow, from whence they
proceed to Port Pa'rick, to be embarked fur Ireland.—
The duty of the garrison is to he performed by detach-
ments from the artillery at Leith Fort,and by the men be-
longing to the different recruiting parties, until the arri.
vat of the '3d regiment, which is expected in the course
of this week. The departure of the lad regiment, which
is expected in the course of this week. The departure of
the nth is, we understand, in consequence of the dis-
turbed state of Ireland.—(Edin. Seer)
The patriarch. Dubraeh, now aired 109, whose history
is known to most of our readers by theaccounts that ap-
peered in our paper last year, regarding the annuity of
fifty guineas granted to him by he Majesty, set out on
Monday last from Aberdeen, in a cnaire, accompanied by
one of his suns, fur the place of his nativity, where Its
has resolved to spend the remainder of his days. lie was
dressed partly in Tartan, wore a Tartan cloak, and up.
peered in high spirits. A correspondent from Fetter-
cairn, says, " Peter than:, the Culloden veteran, passed
through nate on Monday] ist, in a post-chaise, ou bit way'
to Braemar, whither, I understand, he has peen invited
by the Earl of Fife. lie is still vioriitis and cheerful,
although :tow in his 110th year.—(ibid.)
A case of considerable iiiterest the clergy of Scotland._
wee tried on Monday in the Jury Court of E liuburgb. Iti
was an action at time instance of Capt. !lector elan:teen, re-
sidiag, in the Island of Mutt, against the Rev. Alex. Fraser,
minister of Torossy. The defender had accused the pursuer,
in presence of the presbytcry of Mull, of a grim, profanation
of the Sabbath; see for Ills alleged misrepresentation the
letter claimed damages. After a tong trial, a verdict wa
found fur the defender. emendating the principle, that lir
order to found a claim of damages against a clergyman
acting in his clerical capacity, it is necessary to prove,
that the proceedings complained of originated in positive

Scorcltman who called himself Dosbar, au,l wag,
about a month ago, arrested on suspicion of being Borth-
wick, c azilier of the East Lotilitst: Company,
was on Tuesdai last released from prioom.— papa 001-
,6N:ion, May 1.1.)
•On 1 Ilnrstlay tst,theUeneral Arsetelily of the elrurcb•
of St: Aland met at. Edialosirirh, wuea toeltee. 1)r. B:uu,
ton, ooe of the insister* of the Trot Cbeceb, Pro-
fessor of Orieetal Lasesragili the"Ueirereity.of. tbit
etas chi* Slralegettri . . t

i' .
