THE STATESMAN

BENEVOLENT SOCIEI'Y OF Sr. PATRICK.

A meeting of %Vest India Merchants was held yester-
day at the City of London Tavern, upon the subject of
the proposed equalization of the Duty on East and West
India Sugar, when a counter-petition was agreed to.
pointing out the injustice of the proposed measure, and
representing the ruinous consequences which it would
not fail to produce to the Colonies. The great objec-
tion, in a conitnercial point of view, to the proposed
change, is, that the balance of trade to the East Indies,
being as seven to two against England, the Sugar from
thence must he paid for in specie, to remain in Indlaand
enrich the natives ; whilst that from the West is paid for
in manufactures and provisions from England or her co-
lonies, or by the proprietors who reside in Britain, where
they spend all the profits of the West Indies.
An unusual occurrence took place at Leicester, on
Sunday week. A large bear having made its escape
from a caravan, in Humberstnue-gate, deliberately walked
up the street, apparently well pleased at having obtained
its liberty; although to the no small consternation and
alarm of the inhabitants, great numbers of whom gave
him the meeting, though at a respectful distance . as
they were returning from their places of worship Poor
Bruin, however, was not permitted to enjoy his freedom
Ion," for the circumstance having become knoon to'his
owner, he was pursued at all poista, and shortly after
again placed in durance.

The anniversary festival of this. imitation was mix-
heated yesterday, at the City of Lon lon Tat a rn. Ties
Dwitaske as,:lt:pßorut...lid onielltrah•entaind ghtelbtaynttlooardwia,asiiine,trsliteocri,hai.
onH.
left he the Duke of Wellington. Atuargst the compariv
we observed, Lords CI enwilliarn, Arundel, A. /111), and
Beresford, Sir John Doyle, Mr. Plunkett, Mi. Gait:learn;
&c &c.
On the removal of the cloth, Non Nobis Domine,rras •
excellen.ly rune, by Messrs. Taylor, Webb, Pyne, Broad-
hurst, Fit ze illiam, and Clarke.
The Duke of Beet:leen am then announced to the
meeting, that he had received from his 11,jesty, the.ie
most benevolent patron, his annual donation of 1110g4..
His Majesty a health was drank with four times four,
and very great applause.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM apologized for the aloe/ire
of the Dukes of York au 1 Clarence. The former, he oh
served, was obliged to attend his Majesty at Brielitue,
and the latter was persecuted by that most tnercilesseneinv
the gone The health of the two Royal Dukes was given
with three tim a three.
After the usual routine, toasts were drank.
,The Duke of BUCKINGHAM proposed the health of the
Marquess Wellesley, the Lord-Lieutenant of I re..me
(Loud cheering- )
The Duke of Wettaxeroar begged leave to retarn
thanks on behalf of his Eecellency the Lord-Lieu:e-
nant of Ireland, for the manner in which the company
bad drank his health. He wis sure it would give extreme
satisfaction to 'hat noble person to learn that his health
had been drank witia so flinch enthusiasm by to highly
respectable a society.—(Applituse.)
'I he Duke of BUCKINGHAM next proposed thehealth
the Duke of Wetington, whom he designated as the
hero who, under the auspices of Providence, had set-
tled the destiny of Europe and of the world.—(Cheers
The Duke of WELLINGTON returned thanks. It had
always been a high satisfied in to him to find his health
inserted amongst the standine: toasts of that society. .He
believed that honour was conferred on him, not so much
from any merit of his comas with reference to the asai• te
ante which he had received from many gallant friers Is
in the course of his public life. Souse of dose friends
were present on this occasion, and he had no doubt dint
the relations of many who were absent, formed a part of
the company whom he now addressed. He could a,snas
ithe assembly that one of the dearest wishes of his heart
was, to forward the interests of the Society ; and, with
that view, Ito would give his attendance whenever it wee
in his power. (Cheers.)
Toast—" The citizens of London, contributors to this
charity," with three times three.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM proposed the health
.Of
blarsl.al Lord Beresford, the representative of a family
to whom Ireland was much indebted.
Lord BERESPORD returned thanks very briefly.
The TREASURIR then read the report of donations s
from which it appeared that 1,1891. 7s. had been sub-
scribed on this occasion.
The Duke of WELLINGTON proposed the health of the
President, whose father, he observed, was the founder of
this institution.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM rose and said, that lie re-
ceived with sincere and grateful pleasure the flattelieg
testimony of their approbation. He stood in a situation
different from those who had preceded him—be had an
hereditary interest in the success of that institution--
(applause). His father, towards whose memory he che-
rished the fondest feelings of affection and of venera-
tion, was the individual who presented to his late Majes-
ty the first Report of the Society ; his Majesty approreil
of it, and gave his permission that the late Duke of Kea
should be Patron. He had another claim upon the at-
tention of the Society ; it teas his pride to say that Weh
blood ran through his veins. (Applause) Yes, he knew
enough of that country, and of the character of its gereee
eons and noble-hearted people, to admire them. No mnti
valued more highly than he did their social quelitiee;
their unbounded generosity, their courage, their perse-
verance, their devotion ; those were the virtues that
adorned the character of a people who formed art
important part of his Majesty's subjects—of A
people, who, from various causes had suffereil
much ; but as they
:hoped for better dap, be
would recommend to them to forget the pest,
and to look forward to the fieure. (Applause) Tug'
Society would always camtnamt his mat notst stipport.: Cf
was attached to it from every public obligation and every
private feeling. His Grace concluded by retaroing
thanks to tlic Meeting, and sat down amid loud expres-
sions of applau‘e.
" The healths of the Marquesses of Hastings andDown-
shire" were given and received with great applan,e.
The health of Mr. Smith and the Committee for the
Relief of the Distressed Irish was then drank with entlie-
siastic cheers-
Mr. SMITH returned thanks. He hoped the late dis-
tress and the means adopted for its relief wonl.l have the
effect of impressing inure rierionsly the necessity of ;v.-
tending to the long neglected state of Irdatel. lie hoped
that the Union would Ins a 'anion of affection between
both countries. The :time soon might come when thei
energies of both might he urgently demanded, fur the
conduct of the Allied P.iwers appeared to him to be data-
gerous to the freedom of mankind, and to be calculated to
bring barbarism and slavery upon the n orld.
" The health of the Marchioness of Hastings and the
Lady Patronesses of the Society" was next given with
great applause.
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " the health of Marshal
Lord Beresford."
His LORDSHIP retnenci thanks.
On the "health of the Vice-President" being given,
Lord PALMERSTON reterred thauke.
"The health of the Stewards'. was then proposed.
General Sir JOHN DOYLE returned thanks in a very
neat and eloquent speech.
The Chairman, atteriled by most of the Noblemen and
Gentlemen who accompanh.t hint, retired soon atter ten
'o'clock, after an evening marked by every thing that
could make it agreeable.
Messrs. Taylor, Broadhurst, Webb, and the other pre-
fessional Gentlemen who a! tended, greatly contributed
by the exertion of their vocal powers to the interest of
she scene.

SPAN'S!' PAPEIIS.

WILTON:a EXTRACTS.)
Don Antonio Diaz del Moral renoonced, in the follow-
ingtortus, the office of Illnisier of the Interior, which hiS
Majesty bad confided to him. The letter is addressed to
the Minister of the Interior:—
" Sir,—l have the hotmur to address to your Excellen-
cy my resignation of the office of Minister of the ir.terior,
to which the King was pleased to appoint me yesterday,
by a decree which I have this yery instant, it being eleven
o'clock at night, received. While I beg your Excelenry
to convey to his Majesty's hands my resignation, I hart.
at the same time to entreat, that you will do me the ft-
your of endeavouring to prevail upon his Majesty to ex-
cuse me from undertaking the discharge of such impor-
tant functions, and fur which I cannot consider mysc:f as
possessing either the neces,:ary information or knowlf dge.
Convinced of my own insufficiency, and resolved never to
disobey the dictates of in; conscience, I shall Dot yi..14
• to any measures that may be n.lopte,l with a vi..w to
compel me to desist from tendering my resignation.
(Signed) "D. ANTONIO DIA:: DEL MORAL.
" Madsid, March 1,13`_:."
(PROM TII6 SAMS TO TO2 KING)
" Sire.-1 have this moment received the decree Ist
which your llajrsty has nouura'el me Minister of the
