NEir ►nrENI►UNS.

Spaniard), in Novem
In England on the
about to sail for 9
the command of a
datielg the voyage
the boat of the privet
the purpose of boardi
bowed a quantity of _ eacgo,
and of course they were totally lost. This wits the
averment of the declaration, to which there was a ge-
neral demurrer and a joinder in demurrer.
Mr. Ca MPIRSIA. now appeared in support-of the demur-
rer. The principal point of his argument was, that the,
declaration did not set forth the particulars of the traiss
saction in a manner sufficiently distinct. He contended'
also, that as the dollars were thrown overboard befo
-dm-capture of the vessel, at a thee when there existed
a possibility of the vessel's being saved, it would be tap
dangerous measure to the interests of commerce in gently-,
ral, if the plaintiff was allowed to recover fur a total loss.
The Learned Counsel went on to speak at considerable
length is snpport of the demurrer.
Mr. dlianxwcu. was about to reply, when he was
stopped by the Loan Jtretcx, who expressed his
opision that the declaration was sufficiently distinct,
and that the plaintiff had a good cause of action. The
other Judges concurred, and the demurrer was accord-
ingly over-ruled.

Last night was the time appointed for putting
the remains of the late King into his coffins. The
inside coffin is of mahogany, in which are a mattress
and pillow covered with the richest white satin
with it.

"Vi's Wes Arias, Nov. I.—" The affairs of this un-
follows:country are fed approarhing to a ells's. The
Aide of the interior is op so anus. Artigu sad the
dty of Seats Fe Ware declalnl war against Buenos
AP% bad the armies of both ,are approaching in force
abattack this city. The Diteetre
or, Itotidean, leaves town
*itlbv, with all the troops he can muster, to oppose
ties 1 hat Artigas is successful wherever his forces ap-
es. The situation of this tone is truly alarming.
Awe is no doubt, if Artigas is successful, be will revo-
istiosiise the Government, and declare war against the
POrtagetee. Business is quite at a stand."
It is currently reported in the City, that in the
event of a general election, it is the intention of a
large portion of the Livery to propose the Lord
Mayor m a candidate for the representation of the
City. in Parliament. Alderman Waithosan's Com-
mittee herb been quite upon the qui rive these
several days. It has been said too, that Sir Wil-
liam Curtis intended proposing himself again, bit
we believe there wee ne truth in the report.
Gen. Freyre has not yet moved against the Insur-
gent troops in the jute of Leon : his fortes are not nu-
.,11/erOU3. Perhaps fie does not think it right to pot
weloPilty of his troops to the hazard, and prelims
mitering the Insurgents to get tired of inaction, and
disband themselves.
The Freemen of Camellbrd, *rho opposed Ills
)MILINGTON Anterest at the late election, have
they
served with ejectment. to quit the hones
they occupy in that Borough.
*e understand that dlr. Hobhouse will Ille
' tip in the Court of King's Bench, OF.
morning, to argue the question of the fir
of hiss commitment under the Speakees
• : '
Prince Leopold dines daily with the Ditches* of
, it Kensington Palace.

.

•

A mechanic in the North has invented a machine foe
seminaries, which, by means of steam, not only warless
the room, bnt flogs all the boys " on a graduated scale.'
The schools have, with great ingratitude, rejected it ;
but it has found a patron in Lord C-stl-r-h, who has
ordered several to be sent to Ireland. This Noble
patron of the fine arts, by contemplating the striking
effects of this machine in its "fornehtmental features,"
is said to have become the greatest posture-master in,
England, being able to "stand prostrate" and to "tern
his bath on himself." He has but one rival, whose pre-
eminence, however, is in a much easier feat, namely,
tenting his back on his friends.
lie genius of mechanism is more ripe in the present
age than in any that has preceded it. Several new In-
ventions deserve, and indeed have attracted particular
attention. Lord S-dm-th has packed, or made up, or
esinstrueted a piece of machinery, with which, by means
asecret spring, he can pass any number of Acts of
P.41-t. It is liable to two objections—the working is
very extensive, and frequently injurious to the Constitu-
•., • able fr, a brilliant imagination,
this invention by his
invented an
which has
slavery.in gold
of the litlreh-r.
have tried it,

this, as i fitst..._
a hero." The

a curious Rot-
trap, kr. . as they say it is
• only fit for the inblie service. It is a very taking thing,
bet especially when well baited and set in Westminster
. Hell.
Hut the greatest curiosity of the times is II discovery
in optics. Which of the 31-n-st-rs invented it, is not
known, but they all seem as proud of it, as if it were
the offspring of each—and like trite parents count Its
deformity even a beauty—"Corvo gaoler rarior aMo."
It is a glass, through which the observer, or as Shake/were
has it " the scurry Politician" sees in a county many
. nap armed men, than its population consists of in men,
, warren, and children. It also causes a Spy to seem a
ate respectable Gentkottus;" and by a deteptio visas so
heals the wounds indicted on au anoffeading crowd, as
to make the Actors in the Tragedy appear to deserve a
letter of Melee. The glass was probably inverted when
the late Lord Mayor took a peep through it, for to him it
exhibited the City of London oat fire, and all the inha-
bitants' throats gut. When used, according to the po-
licy of the thing, it is always flattering, and is a great
• favourite at C-rlt-n House. Mr. V-us-tt-t looks and sees
nothing bet prosperity. The Cowries is allowed the
same isdnigencr, and U! excellent glees! the revenue
is in the most flourishing state.

THE LATE KING.

and the whole lined and ornamented whit_ _-+^_
satin, in the most appropriate manner. This was
At the York Assizes, in ISO 3, the clerk to a merean-
inclosed in a leaden coffin, and these in a maho- tile house in Leeds, was tried on a charge of forgery,
gany coffin. found guilty, and condemned to death. His fainil-y, at
The following is a copy of the Inscription on the Halifax, was veer respectable; and his father, in laiiiil
coin plate of his late Majesty's corpse:— cider, bore an excellent character. Immediately after
DEPOMITt M , the sentence was passed upon the unfortunate young
ilerenissiml Potentissimi et Exeeilestissimi Monarchs man, a. Dissecting Minister of the Baptist persuasion,
OEORtill TERTII, who had long been intimate with the father, presumed
Dei (hada. Britanniarum Regis, Fidel Defensorts. to address his Majesty in a moving petition, soliciting
Regis kilometre, me Brunsviel et Luneburgi Duets, the pardon of the son of his friend. Fully aware that it
Oblit xxlx die Januar% Anno Domini Id DCCCIZ . '
.. had been almost an invariable rule with the Government,
/End's sun Laval!, Rsgnique sus Lx. •• to Event no pardon in cases of forgery, he had little
The gates of the cdurt.yard in front of the Pa- 1 f
lade of Carlton-home have been open throughout tiiitstoenopfseayeeleiz ;
and but,e contraryre to
ve hwasls expectation, io ni:ai i s phe•
the whole of every day since his Majesty's times-. ' solicitation of a private indii:idual slio:111 have nice:Led,
skin to the throne, and every person of respect- when similar applications, urged by numbers, and sup-
able exterior has been freely admitted to the grand I ported by great interest, have uniformly failed, may ex-
hall to inscribe their names. We regret to learn ; cite surprise, and deserves particular observation. The
;• following circumstances, however. the reracityof which
that improper advantage has been taken of this ae-
, stay be
e relied upon, will fully explain the similarity of
ningernent in some few instances; several' person : the falii the year 1802 a dignified Divine, hi
whose rank in life could not entitle them to such ' before the Royal Family: ' rgac-- -
happened to quote Papaeggw;
a liberty, having inscribed their names in the book illustrative of his subject, from a living writer, whQa
which is every morning laid before his Majesty. , name he did not mention. The King, who was always
Sckne of these were discovered before they left
;remarkably attentive, was struck with the quotation,
and immediately noted the psimage for an inquiry. At
the hall, and their names erased in their presence. the couchisitin of the Service, he asked the preacher
Since his Majesty's indisposition the bulletin of his from
vmihtu that
his extract had, been taken; and bring in•
. funned health is constantly exhibited in the eastern lotixe, at the author was a Dissenting Minister, in
and any person is at liberty to see it. Yorkshire, lie expressed a wish to liege a copy of the
On Sunday last, Mr. Sicard, formerly a member , original discourse. The Royal inclination was accord-
of the Household of her Royal Highness the Prim- ingly imparted to the anther, elm lust no time in com-
plying with it, accompanying the work with a very
Cass of Wales, and, since her departure to the Con-
arrived at modest letter, expressive u 1 the high sense which the 1
lineal, acting as her agent in London, writer entertained of thei honouritchoniflerred upon bin,.
Dover, where he embarked immediately for France: !
While at Dover, be stated himself to be the bearei
,1,, sign?fir Ls rasearlinwesse II; serve the t author.eproproduction, a
of letters to the Queen, that he was directed k of the above young man shortly after afforded this.,
proceed in the first instiince to Leghorn, and, its amiable and disinterested Minister au opportunity if
supplicating, at the hands of the Monarch, the exercise
the event of her Majesty not being there, to seek
of his Royal Prerogative ; and that the Sovereign, after
her until he found her iesidence, and accompany,.
.having ioluntarily given the general assurance of his
her Majesty to England with all possible' speed. avour
saluted
an oloic ure bin ineritortons Individual, should
REFUGE OF THE HOUSELb:SB.—The Committee tterather trout
to deport tut an established ride,
have given notice, that, in consequence of the in- than violate the sacredness of his pledge, displays a dig-
c!ement weather having ceased, the houses in Lon-1 fail to elevete nits, of mind, an
his charad a benltem evolence
all a heart
panegyric. Wi
ith cannbt
,
don-wall will be closed on Sunday next.

• :0

•

M.43ctk~TS.

CoRS **atomic, Fitio. 4.-2-Whit little 110-
kg
appeared this morning obtained Monday's pricestingh
demand was far from brisk, and only conlined to tiiii t
qualities.—We had a frerfliesh or teals of Barley ' •.
Suffolk, which article, or fine malting quality, fully tui
ports Itiontlaell qitotations; but there vi very littht in.
quirt' after the middling and inferior samples, of whirl
we hare a tolerably large qnantity on band, and although
Offered at lower terms, sanoitt he disposed of.—ld Peas,
Beans, and Oats, there is no alteration.

~,

StetTartu.° NI A ;tart, Pic 4.—Thert was a taiddliti:
*apply this morning at market of all kital of prime-eat.
tik but the prices are consitleribly higher tkaaltrst
market-day:. illation has -udranald much bighei in
price. Vest is also mach tlearcr than last week. Work
is alto higher in price: •
(To sink the OW: *stone of ft lbs.) :*.l
I
Reef . . 44. &I. to fn. M. • estkiell4, astarhi
Mutton . as. Oct. to es. OIL 'Roasts . . '. 4 . 1 •83
Vial . . is. Od; to Ts. &I. Caicos . a . . . . . 0.
Pork . . is. Od. to 76 081. I Nheeft. it. ; . .6,1 -
Lamb . . Os. Od. to 05..9d. I Pigs.. .. 4 . . . . I,(
r
ihr-MseltrY.—This market remaini much the owe
in price as per oar last week's quotation. Straw:seri
Clover so alteiatioa.
Hay . . . IL Os. Oft tes'43. 4s. o',
Clover
Strew

.~

a policy of insurance. The declara- hon. hough remarks le fora brillian
ing forth the policy of insurance, his I,ordship has been assisted in this in
rate that the plaintiff (who is a neighbours. .The B-uk D-r-ct-rs hare in
ember, 1813, effected an insurance. niAable raper•miltpn a eery extensive sc
he cargo of a Spanish vessel, then for its llereane object abolitien of I
Cuba. The:i*sarel did ea& u " • stn. Parrot the Ch.-a-H-r
Spanish Captain, • a tor 11dg _
or stikgrAwal,Kk Nunsbers
by ah lastrt,l4 aiW reoe4, xsahet o rs: I this,
'steer was approarhuic the vessel forl kes a riffaia, thousands avake
rding her, the Captain threw over- C-b-u-t Lave long been in possession of
' dollars, which composed the carte, i,trtre, which they keep to themselves, a
_s g• •I.— ••••••;.••• le Ls s var.

be oegoeiated, except with the concurrence and' The beamed counsel went on io speak a& %AI 1..111if OW, It
• --r------- -- .
Ft 'melee of the future Assembly of the States" length in sepport of the demurrer. ' heals the wounds indicted— on an inoffending crowd, as twa__!_l__e_na_.,rne n_e_aps_ 01.r.oalastsw.Ticsiel.,sucuniig sue nun
Prince Eugene, in a letter addressed to the Mr. BARNW3LL was about to reply. when be was to make the Actors in the Tragedy appear to deTiservie a --ze, u
there,i irker•wiatel Phluce i;ecws
much
did:in:oz
editor of the Moniletre, has protested against the stopped b&tithedie LoanCisietr )canes,
wu e ntfiheoi
eeextf re:ilsettli
pleats Ike elreteo fit,he ert73ei
a.
eeTehteeegklaess weas ititiebtaibli!,
iitu vfeerrtt 0
hwitemint
The state of the poor resident in the wretched boisse
pablisalion of the work entitled Memoirs and Cor- and that the plaintiff had a good cause of actlon. The:, exhibited the City of London In fire,° fed all the int'. witch are principally under
. water, is most roelenchipi
We venal however, that
. in the coarse of the slay the
• Illernidence of the &Rpm., Josephine, which be . other Judges concurred, and the demurrer was accord- hitants• throats sat. When used. according to the po-
vrMen teal shave subsides!, as we perceive a visible:de
ill' its contains not one word of truth. ingly over-rated.
crease since morning. Boats are plying most of Itis
The Catherine bas arrived in the River, after a , favourite at C-rlt-n House. Mr. V-ns-tt-t looks and sees
nothing but yes tit i The Courier is allowed the streets above-named.
very quick passe gn from the River Plate. The Infest , Last night was the time appointed for putties,
_indulgence, and O. excellent glass! the revenue The shipping in the river bare, in ' 4
tee
letters which she has brought are of the 2d of the remains of the late King into his coins. The "i"."e suffered from the suddenness of the flood. eOlonesinelaii
is in the most flourishing state.
November. The inhabitants of Buenos Ayres were inside coin is of mahogany, in which are a mattress —1 -
elsoly accident we lament to record. At about ha
-
in the greatest state of alarm, in consequence of and pillow covered with the richest white satin, o'clock this morning, a Welsh vessel, lying at P '•
THE LATE KIM.
*approach of General AATIGAS, with a consider- I and the whole lined and ornamented with whit 4 nothing less than her t is
Quay, was forced away by the current—flie Cap ii
--ons--
de force, increased by reinforcements from the , satin, in the most appropriate manner. This wig At the Y kAales in 1503, the clerk - aad
destruction,vemel'hywhheoinegiirccarteriked against. Patrick's brig gr
oh' of Santa Fe, that place having deterinined to ' inclosed in a leaden coffin, and these in a maho- tile housee
ionrLeedis,:vn's tried on a charge of forgery, dropped a small beat from her stern and.then got tai
espouse his cause. It was expected that a revolo. ; PAY coffin. found guilty, and condemned to death. His family, at it ; hut they had aeareely disengaged her ftpin the Ai; •
608 Would be occasioned in Buenos Ayrea. The : The following is a copy of the Inscription on the Halifax, was very respectable; and his father, in pun= 1 when shefilled and went down. Unhappily the captailn
•
. Whiting is an extract from one df the letters:— I coin plate of his late Majesty's corpse:— cider, bore an excellent character. Immediately after I and two boss sank to rise no morb; the others were
*EI
--'asos Ataas, ov. l.—"'!'he affairs of this un- DEPOMITt Nt , the sentence was passed upon the unfortunate young i difficulty saved. The vessel was hurried by the cnrien
Illienstp• fastl I •• • The 1 Rennissimi Potentissimi et Excelleutissimi Monarchs also, a. Disseating Minister of the Baptist persuasion, I against ihe.portennis of the bridge, where ale noseje 1
country are
approae i ng to a crisis. OEOR(JII TERTII,
abille of the interior is up in arms. Artigas and the ' who haul long been intimate with the father, presumed I mains, having suffered some injnry in the stern si
to address his Majesty in a moving petition, soliriting ! upper works. Two women and the mate, who r PIS
dif of Santa Fe hare deckled war ardent Buenos , Dei °ratio. Britaonlarum Refits, FideeeleDberreneoDris.te
the pardon of the son of his friend. Putty aware that it; on beard, got safe on the bridge sooa sifter she st k
Regis Hanovene, me litriTosz el
Dt Li ugi Due b,
aild the armies of both are approaching in force '
~ had been almost an invariable rule with the Opvernment, We fear that (rent the siddeniese of the flood spin.
Milli :Mx die nue , . ono om ni IIDCCCII,
stamk this city. The Ulterior. Rondean,leaves town fEtatls sue LXVIII, Itegnique sui Lx. grant no pardon in cases of forgery, he had little .iiewi
eas aeciduate have (weltered on the banks otth,
dab, with all the troops lie can muster, to oppose The gates of the cdurt•yard in front of the Pa: Loop* of success; but, contrary to his expectation, his pe- eitrer.—(Cork Mercantile Chronicle). •
• ion i'llet Artigas is successful wherever his forces op- • - -
la* of Carlton-house have been open throughout Litton prevailed, and the, reprieve was granted. That the . . ,
. . The situation of this tone is trub alarming. the
whole every day since his Majesty's sates-. ' solicitation of a private individual 'bosh! have succeeded, * -"::,.."4"- *• . ii..ikkgyts -1. •:: ."* * ill
is no doubt, if Artigas is succesiful,s will revs - I • • .ot
istionise the Govern nt, and declare war against the I sion to the throne, and every person of respect.- when similar applications. urged by numbers, and sop. , —......—_ •fI
Perivitsese. Business is quite at a stand." , able exterior has been freely admitted to the grand 1 pnrteeedebyriierereaateidnitriresrt:eshavaer:iitneifloarroeitefaireilettle
i' raYTeizi; Coen BIS ti r a Fir 4'Wh 1 nth fit* Wiles
. c 4. a . . .-- a t -
'lt is currently reported in the City, that in the' hall to inscribe their names. We regret to learn citefollowinpg circumstances, however, the veracityof which appeared this morning. obtained Monday's priers ith
,freer of a general election, it is the intention of a , that improper advantage has been taken of this at'- .1
mey be relied upon, will fully explain the sionelarity of demand waster from brisk, end only confined soft,.
qualities
.—We hail a
large portion of the Livery to propose the Lord 1 rangettient in some few instances; several' person', : the fact. In the year 11102. a dignified Divine, proachi:-?; fre-fiesh or feels of Barley ' a
ports Novelised qUotations, but there s" very littld in.
Vitre all a candidate for the representation of the I whose rank in life could not entitle them to such ' before the Royal Fatuity, happened to quote a 8 Suffolk, which article, or fine malting quality, fully inn
City; in Parliament. Alderman Waithoian's Com-1 a liberty, having inscribed their names in the book illustrative of his dubject, from a living writerrrtolla
Matte have been quite upon the gaud ritc these' which 11 every morning laid before his Majesty.. name he did not mention. The King, who was always
quirY vaeftera tollelieratbnilydialirngreagnininitnitfyerr hrdr .74 .alft heoluigy Ili
we ha
. attentive, was struck with the quotation, , .
__, _ . lower t :
u,
suc he
a.
several dam It has been said too, that Sir Wit- 1 Seim of these were discovered before they left ;remarkably
and immediately noted the
.paasage for an inquiry. At 1 r_e_rVil "
mans, and Oats, there is es alteration. speeed of.—ld Peas,
limn Curtis intended proposing himself again, but 'the hall, and their names erased in their presence.
the couchisiiin of the Service, he asked the preacher 1
,We believe there wee ne truth in the report. I Since his Majesty's indisposition the bulletin of hie •
from whom his extract hati, been taken ; and being in• t . ........o.—.
Gen. Freyre has not yet moved against the Incur-' health is constantly exhibited in the eastern lodxe, . formed that the author was a Dissenting Minister, in SlitTartlLD MARIE?, Piht.4.—Thert was a iliddlli:
"°t troops in the We of Leon : his fortes are not nu- • and any person is at liberty to see it. Yorkshire, he expressed a wish to Isaac a copy of the supply this morning at market of all kind of prime-eat.
;aierous. Perhaps fie does not think it right to pot; On Sunday last, Mr. Sicard, formerly a member, original discoirse. The Royal inclinatiop was accord- de, hut the prices are considerably higher tbanlest
the loyalty of his troops to the hazard, and prefers .of the Household of her Royal Highness the Prin.. ingly imparted to the either, atm lust no time in coal- market-day:. blastula has -Onward much bighet in
plying, with it, &recompensing the work with a very price. Veal is, also mach deerer than last week. Work
"Senn& the Insurgents to get tired of inaction, and tuns of Wales, and, since her departure to the Con-
od t letter, expressive o'f the high sense which the is also higher in price:
le disband tbomselves. I tinent, acting as her agent in London, arrived at
illowrilste:rl4e.i.otieyetwkasoedso owfelal
peieheo,eginoulerithcotnifre
prerLuepectu:enb,inno.
Reef .
.(To ink the 01111 • of elh ',
.sfkl. to 61. M. pie
°et atekitAo eslitara'
The Freemen of Carnellbrd, Who opposed the , Doter, where he embarked immediatelY for France: !
latELlNGTo3l.interest at the late election, have While at Dover, he stated himself to be the beater ,to signify Isis readiness to serve the author. The case Mutton . Os. Pd. to oa. Od. 'Reaste . . 't . . 1.4 33
Vial . . is. Od; to Ys. IA CalVei .. t ~, .. . „ . it,
been served with we' tments to quit the houses' or letters to the Queen, that be was directed f 9 of •Ms ;hove young Man shortly after afforded this.
the. occups in that Borough. proceed in the first instiince to Leghorn, and, its amiable and disinterested Minister au opportunity
.of 1 Port • • ~_ac, td- id, 2 not. I ",,,,1"•0. ki4 - ! • Ay"
IVe unci will the supplicating, at the hands of the Monsreli, the excretes • • 1"`• w• to '"•'". `'!" '" •4"••• • a 't
erstsed that Mr. Hothouse be event of her Majesty Dot being there, to seek
Isis Royal Preto atter • and that the sovereign, after -----:-. • ••
breught tip in the Court of King's Bench, to. i her until he found her residence, and accompany?. of .• - A. , . . I
.having voluntarily given the general assurance of his 1 Itiv-Mhercv.—This market reiriairik much the owe
Ilene. morning, to argue the question of the he-I her Majesty to England with all possible speed. favour to an obscure bat merit/moos Individual, should in price as per our last week's qootation. Strawimi
be induced rather to deport front an established rule, Clover soelteiatioo.
*1 .1186.ty of his commitment under the Speaker's REFUGE OF THE HOVIIELS:B9.—'Ihe Committee
IlantanL . • • have given notice, that, in consequence of the in- than violate the sacredness of his pledge, displays a dig- g„ . SI Os. at. telt. 4s. 0.,
~ Prioce Leopold dines daily with the Duchess of, clement weather having ceased, the houses in Lon-,1 uity of mind, and a benevolence a bean, Whit eammt eso'ver • • Bl. Os. ad. CC 101, fhl,
'4O, at Kensington Palace. don-wall will be closed on Sunday next. , kel to Moven bid character front all panegyric. Straw ' It. Rs. OE. * 11. 140 ltd.
4• 1 .

POOR RI7'E3.
(111011 THE 11111111/111.1111114.]

On Thursday last, a Meeting of the Rate-payers of
tbin township was held, to take into consideration the
best means of alleviating their btu-then*, consistent
with a due provision for the poor. Br half-past ten in
the forenoon, the Town-hall was crowned, so that hun-
dreds, coming later, were obliged to go away ; and
ough the business of the day was not concluded till
/bur o'clock in the afternoon, die company in the place
teemed undiminished in number to the last, so eager
Snd intense was the interest excited by the itivestiget.on
10 subjects, in which every individual felt himself per-
venally concerned.
The Overseers having stated, that they had neither
Irmo ap, nor were prepared to deliver au oral report
#f the affairs of the township under their charge, J.
ikloittgomery requested permission to ask a series of
,uestions, which he had written down, fur thr pnrpose
f eliciting such previous information as might be ne-
'a tawny for the government of the Meeting, the whip-
- ion of any proceedings that might be recommended by
he Requisitionists or others. To this the Overseers
ronsented, and the answers to the following inquir:es
were promptly given by Mr. Orabble, one of their nun.-
I•er, and Mr. Adams, their Clerk
Q. What is the present scale of weekly relief, ordered
?it), the Nia..istratcs ?—:1. Fur a man 45., fur a w 1111 l SU
6d. to 3:..—for a man and his wife 6s.,—for children
Is. lid. each.

Q. Now many hooks, single or double, have the pre-
sent Overseers collected ?—A. Eight, all double.
Q. How many morn double hooks will he u y to
carry the present Overseers through their office, and
settle their accounts ?-41. It is expected that there will
he jour
Q. What will he the amount of Churclprates or ex-
pence% paid by the Overseen to the Chnrchwardens this
, ear ?—A. Nothing.
Q, What will be the amount of the conntv rate ?
A. The whole AIM, namely 1600/., has been paid already.
Q. At how much do the Overseers estimate their pre-
sent pecuniary obligations on behalf of the township ?
A. About 30U0f.

Q. What amount of arrears from the inhabitants may
be Jue upon the books already collected hoer
much of these arrears may probably be art colleted ?
—A. These questions carrot be twittered it ithout a
particular exantinatior of the books.
Q. Now much, on a■ average, has been collected) on
each of the late double books N— A. One tt ith another,
aOUII/._

Q. Is there any additional expense in consequence of
a late regulation to collect the rates from the tenants
of small houses iastead ut from the landlords ?—A. Yee,
I certainly.
Q. Is there any diminution of the product of these
etas from this regulation ? A. 'l'llere is such a dimi-
nution.
Q. What will be the probable amount of the whole
expences incurred by the present Oierseers. at the trod
of the year?-1. It may be estimated at Forty Thousand
Pawls.
Q. How many eases of bastardy are paid for by the
Overseers is the whole, and what is the weekly amount
of payment by them to such cases?—A. The sum paid
on these eases amounts to 361. per week.
Q. How mach do the Overseers rescue back from re-
puted fathers,. or the friends of the children or mothers ?
—A. Perhaps oae-tAird.
Q. What ma the mouse of the arrears now due to the
Overseen tait bastardy cases I—A. About 3,30 W.
Q. How ameb of these arrears nay probably be re-
, eaenvediP—A. Not more than one-teverk
Q. How Massy paupers are there at present in the
Woridemee?—A. Three bumlered and twenty. ins hiding
about a inadred children :—nose of them are en:raged
in soy work that produces profit to tin' Pier Rate Nods.
Q. How many regular out-penniewers are there at pre-
sent.?—And how many of what are called casual poor,
are sow receivieg parish pay ?—A. Those questions
were answered by a 'tannest of the weekly sums paid
at venues dates to both these classes. u (or example,
Dee. 27, 1819, 567/. ; Jan. 7, 1990, OW. ; and Jan. 21,
6461.
Q. Are the numbers of fresh applicants increasiug
VAthe masher of persons that are gradually struck'
masher.
They are.
QI Have there been essay applications for relief by
persons thrown oat of business or en.pheynteat, be the
late regaleiloss of the Spring-knife l'utiers.—A. Prom
fifty to assay.
Q. More the adoption of these regulations, were
there not massy journeymen Spring-knife Curlers re-
ceiving parish pay from the want of employment ?--A.
Yes ; nearly three hundred.
Q. What are the farms in the Park rated at per acre,
aad how math will be the amount per acre of the Pour
Ratted& year ?—A. This question was answered by a
•akulittiou open Mr. tiirdler's farm, which consists of
111/ acres of land, and on twelve double books will pay,
thawhole, 306/. 15s. 6d. this year.
A series of Resolutions were then duly snored.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, Fib. 3.

Th. Court resumed its Sittings this morning. The
salmi. of ,rocedenee which Mr. Warusacia. held,
wine tutptred oa the decease of his late Majesty, that
renOessian took his seat this morning without the Bar.
sotessal number of Barristers were present.

Imo!DillFtit OF DEAN, A MINOR AND WARD OF THE
COL RT.
the LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that information
had just been received from Mr. Alexaader's office, the
Master to whom this canoe stood referred, that no re-
port relative to the marriage had been made, but that it
wasld be made in the course of this day. lie, therefore,
etio,W not take any loniser measure till that was done
mad the clue was accordingly ordered to be put in tb;
paper on Sritortlay atorniag,
Nothing of importance came on, sod the Court rose at
Isalf-post twelve o'clock.
