ArilveG.

Mtdlt.

Due.

--
0 --
Dublin
1
Cadiz
,
0 Li slion

VINCE 01: Sl'l'(' DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
3 per Cent. Red. (siva.) 3 perCent.Cous. 6.51 65 531 661
Oinntum 6i 5i 6}'6 dis.

THE STATESMAN..

LUt DO
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1810.

By the List conveyance frura India the following
adiiices were receited

" BomnAy, A rrtit. ,11, 1810.

" Intelligence. has been received from Rangoon,
that a Burma!) army, of .161,000 men, had invaded
and taken the Island of Junk Ceylon, and had sent
all the inhabitants in slavery to Pegu. The Sia-
mese, it is said, were collecting a force for the pur.
pose of attempting the recapture of.this possession.
" The Portuguese ship Ovider Pereira, with
4000 dollars in specie on board, it was said, had
been captured by a French frigate lieu tt►o mouth
of the Strait. of Malacca."

The Funds experienced a further depression yes
terday. In the morning Consuls were dons at 611,,
and Omnium at 8 discount, but towards the close
of the market there was an improvement. The
Consols left off at 651, and the Omniuut at 64.
Various rumours continue to circulate respecting
the cause of this fluctuation.

The rollewing letter on a subject to which ranch
importance is attached in the United States, reached
sts yesterday.

44 iimir-YORK, Are. 14.
" The papers you will have received will advertise you of
the affair which took place tortneen the Vitro and the lilo-
*elle. The sensat ion this ransact ion produced was, fur the time,
tiottrentely violent, particularly in this city and N%ushitigton ;
but since that ',cried mutters have somewhat subsided, yet a
general apnoea stitl prevails tuat the business ought W be in-
eestigitzed to the bottom.

" The conduct of Lieutenant Tat/,e has been highly op.!
proved by all parties; and he has undergone ~n examination
before the Alicistere,, at Wa!hington, which has furtive! out
Much to hi. credit. It was thou,:ht the apology of the Captain
of the Moselle was sufficient to induce the American Comman-
der to desist front revealing thi. act of jtostility, but it is not
deemed au adluate co.upensation to the Government of the
United States. This being the case, we've informed here that
dis:•atehes have been sent to Air. PIY7 K N we, directing him to
tr. ,i‘e the necessary inquiries of the British Rog/eminent, stud
to demand of them such recompeoce fur this national insult as
shall be batisfartory—cither t!tc distnissal of the Captain of the
"Moselle, or some apology to be made through au adequate au-
thority."
In the Report of the Savings in the Puhlic E.
penditure, actually adopted. by Governinent, it is
stated, that thu allowance of Newspapers to .the
Public Offices is to be discontinued ; and .the say.
ing to arise out of this reform instated at fourteen
pounds per week. We were comklled, by want
of room, to pertpit this circumstance to pass by in
silence at the time it came before the Public—but
it is a subject of too much .importance to be per.
mitted to remain totally unnOtiCed. We do' not•
affect to despise this saving, because it. is compa
ratite!), gina(l. Fourteen poutsdaper week''saved
here) and fourteen
.savcd its, many •Other 'guar-
.
tars, will .amount to . awns that may,7as well
he in the people'i pocket as taken out of
Nor are we going to sctil at the tittle schenie. of
saving ad 0pte41... hyiSlinixt -.)..tt,A119, Pa4isr,4ocs
'ot spealc of that with grAtitcole, it is , glad to
see amoveipent, towards 411,4 is right, hoping that
future lqinisters,will see the necessity of increasing.
the rapidity, and extending the circle of the move.
rufmt. We should, have suffered the Jliniqer's
Reform to rest where it well may, with the
ood.sonse of the public, if we had no view Of
it, but as economy in the public expenditure is con.
eesued. Bat this measure of discontinuing the
serving of the public offlies with newspapers, paid
for by the Government itself; is a Reform of a
•'iarefty iod compiniun. Cite wonders) hew Mi.
ilisters have stumbled op6u it, or were catnapped
;k • •

i4tto it.
It affects them seriously in t %,r9 ways—first, the
persi:ns employed in the Public o;tices were kept
In due ignorance, and in a proper firith, Ity the pe.
,rusal of the Ministerial Papers. If any of them
were 41 little given to a disobedient feeling, they
could not
.find feud fur that in. rho Newspapers
lying on the tieski and tables of the Public
OXices. Considering, howerer, how poorly the
Il‘liiiistee,4l Pspers are written, and hose hutch
better informed • the Geotlemen at the Public
&Tice§ are than 'the Treasury Newspaper Editors,
ihii oas not the greater part of the benefit is hid
Ministers derived from distributirig of their part!.
g-tns' Newspapers ainopg tho'otces of Government.
The grC4er part of the atliantiza to them lay. in

_.;Ar..

~

imiiUmia

assarri
