Mit Silk

LUCIEN BON.dP4RTE.

-- • IMP RitLIL PeIRLUAIENt deierbut to enberdee the growers—to diminish the that the word was a new one,—it eaine into tit
—.am. . —.ow—
Vireos reports having been circulated of thd Pei tattiediese ROUSE OF WEDS. JeLlf •15.-
of 'sleben th Sanders, tbe &Hof REllEtibitia tides which bore most heavily, directly or indirectly, mouth, and was very applicable. 'the Nohle Earl
oil die-fanners, or on the labouring classes, or on concludedby urging the tietessity of deciding on hi 4
eeption given by the Pope to Lucien Bonaparte, WiLitilmved that the j•Ild ogagelollie
111 CHANNYLL.tRaI,IItre.Juda- .botlt? Could one justify such a tax, for instance, Resolution in the re went Session,ehot the purpose
Oa (be
are enabled to lay the followiag account before our limit WAS dererred to Wednesday. that lon horses of agriculture as such ? or the Te. of quieting the public mind, by girelesse oh cattiest of
readers, for the authenticity of which We can vouch, 4 The Royal Assent was gives by Commissiou to tee Iris* nests' Property Tax ? The landlord would not pay their benevolent intentions, as well to the gruwerhis
Dotim,r the Sea Polley Stamp, the Irish House. the 'irk& Peace • these tutee, the clergyman would not pay these taxes, the consumer.
having received it from the most unquestionable vation. the Scotch Oreditons. the East India Shim. the ! •
authority. 'li ish Stage Coach, the Irish Bank Restriction, the N‘rdiers Iso the farmer was by necessity obliged to raise the The previous question was cerried:
ai
The Pope, immediately on hearing of the arrival tgt-house, and the Queeinferry Rood Bills, and two Private , price of his corn to his consumers. Among these PRINCe.SS CIIARLOTIE OP *ALES.
of Lucien at Rome, on the 37th of May last, sent The oo:misiiooers were, the fischbishap of Canterbury, the i consumers was the labourer, who, when the price Ms Royal Ilighoess the Duke ref StISSKX rose,
h prelate to desire. his attendance at the Quirinal, Lord Chancellor, and the Earl of Shaftesbury. iOf his bread was raised, found it necessary to raise and addressing himself fts the First Lord of the
%thither he instantly repaired. On his proceeding scans Earls of Clareadon and Sandwich took their oaths and ibis wages. The farmer again when the price of la. Treasury, stater), that this was the day when, front
to make the nom' reverence, his Holiness received The Earl of CLARENDON presented two Petitions agaitill i bout was raised, found it necessary to raise his corn courtesy alone, he had proposed to come doe is to
fiat with open arms, and deeply lamented the 'per. the slave Trade. „ra little more : so that the evil, alternately cause and the House with a view of staling the tenour of W 4
arentinu of whirl; Lucien himself, his wife, and • te414,127 Eitnifaaalivy other
seiluctMiemonbeiriiebeihsegblltirt= VaCll2lllle af :1111rea, went on encreasiteg to a prodigious extent.— Motion relative to her Royal Ilighliess the Princess
cliielseu, had been so long the-victims ; a persecu- Credit fink, %hick were severally read &first time. • I Besides the taxes he had mentioned, there was the Charlotte of Waite', which storel fixed for Weilnes.
the, which began at the same time with that of the . toTweneolfhti‘li.Liet WELLlNGTONailaithkpresrritid, a Petition fie,* , impolitic and vile tax on candles; those on loaf and day next. That hating found by the newspapers that
holy Father, and was inflicted from the same guar- . Several abersaiktitions on the careat e tattled were presented "'al" sugar, and that on leather, which pressed di. her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte of Wales
ter. His Holiness applauded the purity and firm. ' from different placer by the Earl of Lauderdale, Lord Holland, redly both-on the farmer and the labourer, which had been seen on horseback in Windsor Greet Parks
Doke of Maturate. . .
ness of Lecieles principles, which had led him to "the should be all repealed. The amount of all the taxes and having likewise learned' that she had been in
e Gunpowder Bill, and the Spirit Intercourse Bill were ,
prefer the wilds of America to the degraded crowns read A sewed time. . .40 years ago, was only 10 millions. At present the town for a few hours on Saturday last, all of which
his Imperial brother wished to force on him; and ~01)en the (Ratios that the Lou Mistake Bill be read a third amount of thepermanenttaxes, was 33,000,0001.; intelligence he had collected from the public Prieto,
farther, in order to gite the most prompt, decicisitteh : The Earl of IehUDENDALE observed, that there were Of the yearly taxes granted to pay off Exchequer he was inclined to hope that. more lenient meallree
and public mark of his esteem, he created him -• haftbe.rpdßill which ii Imola WORMY boProPeellbtteld be draw. Bill, -6,000,0001.; of the war taxes 23,800,0001.; were intended to be obseryeet towhols her Royal
Roniaa Priece, and gave hiss pecial permission and •
i ill.liser-FT:iii of CI YRR POOL acksowledged the justice elite' so that this whole of the taxes amounted to 62 null. Highness.—That the Noble Cord *MI knew time It
authority for fixing elle arms of the Holy See on lions.. Ifone-half of the
Noble Earl's ohoervatioa, but thought,.frum the urgency of ll3k
Lucieles palace at Rome, Tusculum,. &c. which end.
FA:l4°B2'4;re II rgesfrettgr :iv the Bill. ._ tie!. mould yet remain 11 or 12 millions. The Re- quest n hich he .had mule to him of seeieg her Royal'
preeedeatilhrlhfilicjitgegion is hie. lie - - -
should propose, would merely Highiess the Piincesiet hildritte; that • ffe bid eon.
was immediately done amid-' the acclamations of mistake Bills of 44 verbless oatuaret. ruwLard North's a Bill '
the II elms, people, to whom Lucien himself, and - was brought in to rectify a mistake in an Act which had been ems cwt of what fund the taxes to be repealed ceived himself obliged to bring this weighty Matter
his family had been much uncleared during their re- i passed, buthtbeen .Bill itself was drawn up in so bungling a ao- should come. By repealing these taxes, the labourer .forward, from most conscientious motives, and fof
sisheice of eight years in the State of the Church.— ! amillter B that ill to "
re ify kad Pireido thatlviniCre introduceactsallyrYntodi end cultivator would be placed in almost as good a which purpose he had put ere miestions to that
All the Nobility of Rome hastened to congratulate leas Act "II Act. entitled an Act to Rectify a Mistake situation, as if there had been no national debt.— Noble Lord on a previous occasion. That therefore
the new Prince, who has been welcomed with every : Visit 7`l"'"c.__ laugh
entitled aa AM to
As
Remt 14hese 4)4= roe Act passed
tlecpea As another instance of the encrease of the necessa. from appearances, and hoein,; that more cello:eatery
re rues of life arising from these taxes, his Lordship . dispositions were entertained, that he would not
demonstration of attachment, not only by his t _e. , so Lives to blunderii4 et would be rOpstato insert as
staler% , and the inhabitants of Tesculam, but by the boa Bills isurodoeed 'by them, that nothing Itt;them *mild be quoted a part of the evidence taken on the Commit. suggest any proposals which might tend to irritate,
general population of Rome. We understand that : ever drmnielnottedirleitoft.:4lo, p
meta petition f
rog Lh. tee on the Country Bakers' Bill in the House of rather than to calm the dispositions of individutis at
the Prince's Lucien, with her family, are preparing ! yerpool against the Slave Trade. Commons, end proceeded to ask, how it would be ' this moment, and cons nest) he would for the pre-
CORN LAWS. possible, as it had been found inexpedient, even sent withdraw his intended Motion, and more that
to qeit England, in order to return to Rome. The Earl of HARDWICKE, in presenting the when the farmers wore on the wrong side, to carry , the Order for summoning the Lords on Wednesday
Report from the Committee on the Corn Laws, said through the famine-mongering Bills this Session, to next, be discharged.—He trusted that her Royal
The neesent Session of Parliament is expected to that
he regretted that the time which the Committee . pass them in the next Session 9 when the farmers as it' Highness the Princess Charlotte would go to the seae
lose on Wednesday, A lg. 3: shortly after which, had been enabled to employ in the investigation, appeared by the Petition from Peterborough, were side, as bad been recommended be her medial and
.is expected the Punter: REGENT will make a tour had not been such as to justify them in coming to a against them. In favour of his proposition he professionalattendants,for the re-establishment of
hrough tee west of England. j final and conclusive report on the subject. He should should have not only the furthers but the manufac. ' her health, which was so interesting to the Country
Douro or GU AM.= Dienie.—This celebrated I therefore move that the present Report be laid on the toren! and the Clergy were or ought to be, on the' at large, and which had been so greatly impaired by
charazter, whose name will for ever be recorded in ' table, and printed, together with the evidence, in the same side, because if the taxes were not repealed the : agitation of mind. Also flattering himself that such
the history of this country, and whose works will ; intention of moving for another Committee early in , tithes would be attacked. A sensible Member of the' measures would be adopted to soothe her mind, anti
last as long as its language, expired yesterday morn- j the next Session of Parliament. I Corsi Committee had begged him (Earl S.) to attack ! not distress her spirits by pressing certain points
ing, at his house in Camden Town. As a Song I The Report was then laid on the table, and order- '
i the But hehad answered, No! for he should' which had given rise to this agitation,and 1 tithes. upon
AVriter, he had few equals, for the !weber and 'edto be printed, with the evidence. 1 atteek the taxes.—[A laugh.]—ln favour of the re- : which he knew her mind was completely made up.
merit of his compositions. They amount to up- ; Earl STANHOPE then rose to propose the peal of the duty on coarse sugar he should have the I That before he sat down, he begged to address a few
wards of 1200; and it may truly be said, that , Resolutions of which he had given notice. The' West India and the East' India Weed, and the : words to the Noble and Learned Lord on the Wool.
though a =teat proportion of them are io, praise of subject, he observed, was so very dear, and so' landed 'merest would also encourage a •reduction of sick, who was so forwatd in stating responsibility
Lose and Festivity, not one passage can he loved in capable of being demonstrated to the satisfaction of I
i the totes on the landholders, so that all the great ;in his Majesty's servants for the advice they miy hue
ti e whole number of a loose and licentious ten- : every mind, that he should not have to trouble their . interests of the country would be is favour of his given upon this occasion. That he. itould quote the
deecy,. On the cientrary, they are calculated to Sup- . Lordships with many observations. As the Report , Restflation. He had often been in smelt minorities words, he believed, of Lord Baum. that readini :
port the iritereste of virtue, and to exercise the best ' and evidence had been but newly laid os the table, is attempts which bad hi the end succeeded; he had • made a learned man, writing a coPrect man, an /
• affection% of the heart, as well as to enforce the 'be should not be able to read any extracts iron it, been in a minority of Noe ow a preposition for abo.! conversation a ready man. He would farther re-
'shahs re to nit', else patriotism. The influence of) , but there bad been distributed copies of the evidence, !oleo-
s the Slave Trade, and heft finally been one of mark, that retirement, coercion, and' seclusion, were
*songs upon our gallant tars leas long been known, ! printed without their Lordship? consent, parts of that large majority which carried that measure.— not the means calculated to instruct and give her
and probably has strongly contributed to stimulate I which he should read.—[Cry of o,•der !]—llf this When belted introduced the Geld Bill, be bad been Royal Highness the Princess, Charlotte of %Vales the
their Iteroi%ni, and inculcate sulmtissiiin to the hard. was disorderly, be would say that it was all a mis; epposeld on all sides, but soon proselytes, convinced most favourable idet of the beauty and advantages
ships of tneir profession and to the will of Prod- ;take—flat the evidence bad net be —ea printed, and by Oda sense, flocked 'to him from all sides, and 'of the glotibus ConstittittOti of our country, over
dence. His Poor Jack, is a striking and popular ' that the extracts he should read es part of hie speech he had very graciously received them. Ile did not, which she was one day, please God, to rate d
) 4°
example. He .as possessed of considerable merit al. • worn ftwto_llachooka themseloan asz itrov.tablo.. ,ge0pi,h,..,4 d„,,-,fnicce,,,,of big Relatottoo, with situ remark he eboutdterweende. ' --- ' e
a I)rawattie"Weitee, intr seism! 'hf 'Ma works *iii i lincr.h.3—This, hi hoped, would net be disorderly.-i thellawar
Ast 'nee proposition had been started by a Noble I The Earl of LIVERPOOL, deprecatiaint bi
for ever he what are called Slack Pieces on the Eng. ' The Noble Earl then read an extract from the evi. Earl (Earl of Lauderdale) that when corn was high 'did any discussion whatever upon this subject, only
)fart Stage —ln the earlier part of his life he possessed ' dence of a Mr. J. Buckland, who stated that 1* was manufacturing labour became low. The truth of thought it necessary to observe, that no improper
censiii• Table merit as as actor. His Jilting° has a farmer in Essex, and besides holding land of his this had been explained by a witness on the Commit. restraint whatever had been imposed upon her Roval
never been equalled, and his Giles, Ralph, and own, rented there 700 acres of the laud of Mr. tee, that when corn was high, rather than see their Highness the Princess Charlotte of Wales, and that
many other characters, were marked by genuine Western ; being asked as to the difference in the price families starve, the manufacturing labourers were no regulation was wished or intended to be imposed
sin.plicity, truth, and humour. Ilia conduct mani. of labour within the last twenty years, he stated, that induced to exert themselves beyond their strength.-- with regard to her Royal Highness by him whom
tested the too frequent improvidence of genii*, and' in 1794 the money paid by him for labour on his lie (Earl Stanhope) should never consent that any set God and nature had rendered her father and protec•
welch chiefly appeared in too hospitable a style of farm was Wei.; in the last year 8161. There had' of men should he reduced to such a slavery. The tor, inconsistent with her happiness or welfare. Ha
'kill! ; fur he was never a gamester er addicted to ,' been started, observed the Noble Earl, a strange pro- Noble Earl then read his Resolution, which was— considered that the Illustrious Duke had acted
the bottle. Ile hu left an amiable wife and dangle- l position, that the price of labour would fall as corn 0 Thatft should ever be as object deserving of the greatest wisely in withdrawing a motion which was riot 'a fit
ter, with nothing but the regret of his loss ; though, . rose. This evidence was a beautiful illustration of altratioa to provide an ample supply of the means of subsist- subject for discussion in that House, but he wished
indeed, his long continued illness, and the helpless that proposition, for while, by the accounts of prices epee for the people of this kingdom, and that this purpose it to be distinctly understood that nothing that lied
bodily state to which he was reduced, most render at Windsor the price of corn had doubled in the last could sot be accomplished unless a due and steady encourage- passed In that House had had any influence with ree
kis death a relief to all who held him in regard, as 20 years, that of labour had nearly trebled—there meat was afforded to the Growers of Corn in Great Britain, to gard to this subject, either in the highest quarter or
Vail as to himself, under such severe suffering and :was nothing inverse on the subject. The witness which ead it would be highly expedient to repeal such taxes as upon himself, or those with whom he had the hoe
pressed Go the farmers sad the labouring clam, so far as the re-
hopeless privation. 1 whose evidence he had read, had been asked in ex- sour to act.
as
0A pinm_ w should enable theta to reptwl web laws, keepfog
Ku no's THEATSE.—The Opera on Saturday was 'planation, whether the quantity of the hand in his niii-iisWe faith with the pablie creditor, and providing for Earl GREY agreed with the Noble Earl opposite
most splendidly and numerously ateeeded. It Itioked ! occupation had increased, he had answered that it was a maciest peace estabilshateaL" he deprecating any discussion upon this subject, bat
like en Opera in May, instead of July, from the the same, and that the quantity of labour beoovredon'it After remarking with what caution he had worded thought that the name of the Prince Regent had been
crowd of fashion and beauty that adorned the dreie had rather diminished, as the condition of it had been his Resolution, the Noble Earl concluded by movingit. improperly and unnecessarily introduced into the
of boxes. TitAIREVIANI and GRAMM! displayed bettered in his occupation. He also stated, in es- I The Earl of HARDWICKE observed, that it was discussion. He had no hesitation in avowing, that he
their admirable powers of acting in the Opera of . planation, that in that period of 'lO years the wages i avenge that the Noble Earl (Stanhope) should have had advised the Illustrious Duke to refrain from
Aristodento, with great effect- The fine trio in iof a ploughman had increased from 7s. a week to 18e. i.restarked on the printing orate evidence, from which pressing a motion upon this subject, under alt. the
the first act, sung by them and MAggocill, was ,or 20s.—the peers rate from 171. 19s. to 1661. nine j himself had derived advantage. He (Lord II.) for circumstances of the case. Ile certainly thought
rapturously encored; as was Madame Geessret's ,or ten times the former amount ; that eltheogb he ! one took on him the responsibility of the printing that it was advisable to abstain as much as possible ,
beautiful song, with the violin obligate, in the had not hail more work done, the smith's bill had :of the evidence, as great inconvenience would other. from interfering with the private concerns of the
second act. This was a delectable treat, particu- been doubled, that of the wheelwright trebled, and ' wise have resulted to their Lordships. He should Royal Family • but he by no means agreed, that
• lady in the Cantabile part. lii the Ritornello, Mr. that of the collar-maker quadrupled. In the price of be= very far from objecting to the first part of the that House had in no instance Aright to interfere.—
Weicersames eziplisite and nervous tones called • horses there had been a prodigious increase: horses ; Revolution, but their Lordships would tee how im- Cases undoubtedly might arise which might resider ,
forth the leafiest plaudits. The encore was called which then cost 221. or 231. each,, would cost now proper it was to enter at all at present into that part : the interference of Parliament expedient tele neces.
• for from all parts of the 'Rouse, and Madame 601. or 651. etch. The great tithes had increased which related to the repeal of taxes. As for nary, particularly with regard to the Heir to the -
Guessros's most polished and graceful manner of from 471. to 1091. The same witness had stated, that himself he denied that he was one of those whom
:Craws. Re agreed, however, that under all the
. raying obedience to the cal), gave an additional of late the wages had been dropped, on account of the the Noble Earl Cetanhopeh had characterised by Circantstances of the case, it would not be expedient
gl eintrm to the repetition. In the Ballet the young reduction in the price of corn. The whole „of this Oil* vulgar and novel word famine-mongers, and for the House to entertain the motion, the notice of
...Spanish dancer exhibited again her elastic movements evidence had been confirmed by another witnesex !togged the Noble Earl to consider that there were which had been now withdrawn by the Hlustrious
in the Mexican hornpipe, the fascinating novelty of , who rented 2000 acres. It was also stated that *se- , also such persons as mischief -mongers. The Noble ' Duke ; but he wished it to be distinctly andersteed,
thhich produced an universal encore. We wish third of the labourers had been lately discharged, on Nut iloneitided by aiming the previous question. 1 that nothing that had been said by the Noble Lord
at she would also perform a Bolero, in which we account of the present pressure, arising from the low , The Earl of DARNLEY, before he entered on ' opposite, or by the Noble and Learned Lord, on the .
understand she excels. i price of grain and that the consequence would be, tiut subject of the Resolution, wished to know from ' Woolsack, had had any influence in producing this
' llow•sesterr. Yesterday a man of the name of that one-third less would be produced from the land, the Noble Earl opposite to him (the Earl of Liver- determination.
Rayner was brought by Lack to this Oeice, on a u less hoeing would be done. Such was the general peel), how it happened that the contract for meat aiej The LORD CHANCELLOR said, be had never
•
very uncommon charge. It eppeared that be is a nature of . the evidence, and it answered his (FArf 1 wich Hospital had increased in the present yeari, Meant to contend that there might not be cues with
watchmaker, and had opened a small shop in Bury- Stanbope's) purpose very well, for it went directly I .
from 41. be. to 51 ss. per cwt. it being now supplied i regard to the Royal Family, with respect to which
street, St. James's, but only, as it would seem from to support his proposition. Such was the state of atehe high rate of Is. per lb. He hoped the Noble it might not be the duty of Parliament to interfere ,s'
his subsequent conduct, for the purpose of defraud. things, that if the farmers were to pay no rent, they' Earl (of Liverpool) would, on some future day, be but in the present instance he maintained, that no
ing people of their watches. It was ascertained that could not afford to raise corn at the present pries.—
'able to ewer as explanation of it. As to the subject ground whatever bad been laid for that Interference.
he had lately obtained forty watches to repair, but By a letter which he bad received from Ireland, he
before the House he agreed in the Motion of the lie thought the motion had been very properly with.
had pawned them, and afterwards sold the pawn- ;heard that wheat, bailey, and oats, were previousihquestion,
/educed to because he defied the Noble FArl drawn by the Illustrious Duke, but he wished it to
broker's duplicates to Jews. The particular charge : half the price at which they had been some time ago,' (. tan ope)ho show any possible . advantage of which be distinctly understood, that nothing that had pass.
which he was brought to the Office was by a Mr. , and that the farmers generally said that they could j his Resolution could be productive, for it specified ed in that House had had any influence n ith regard
on
had no wish that they tin particular tax. As to the strange phraseology of to this subject upon the advisers of his noes' High-
Taylor, a fishmonger, who had entrusted him with a pay no rent ; bet that they .
High-
valuable watch to repair, but could not procure it :should be relieved by any measure which . might screw that Noble FAA, if it meant any thing, it was an ness the Prince Regent.
corn. The Petition which he had 'imputation that lie (the Earl of Darnley) and those Some Petitions Against the Slave Trade were pre-
agree. The Prisoner was committed for further ex- 'up the price of
! presented from very respectable corn growers near who thought with him, had for their object to raise sented by Lord HOLLAND and Lord ERSKINE.
alienation.
A sailor, who was discharged last March them his Peterborough, reprobated also such * line of conduct. the necessaries of life, an' assertion which could mil y CLERGY RESIDENCE RILL.
Petitioners stated that their ruin must ensue from tend to exasperate the public mind. He (Lord D.) The Howie then went into a Committee on the Cler-
Majesty's service, on account of his being severely The . .
s .
afflicted with the rheumatism, has lately been very the present state of things, if something was not done; , ageeed that the &neer was in a very bad situation • gy Residence Bill, when, after a pretty lenge/inverse-
, men, though Dorn growers), they but which was the proper mode of relief should be tion on•the various clauses, certain amendments were
troublesome at the Admiralty, demanding money and but (like honest . . .
idea of raising the price of corn.— the subject of their Lordships 'Maitre deliberation;
.made as to the nature' and extent of the penahies, in
-lodging. On Wednesday he was very impudent to disclaimed any
.E 1
_aii
L der . ey -so that is the next Session some well-digeeted plan consequence of which it was thought advisable to
1 Th beg
the messengers in the hall, and taking an opportu. [Near! front the ar of
ad that the House would ar opt the Re- might be brought forward. . , .. . order the Report to be received thatday six months,
.
testy whemi they were all out, broke three squares of god, inste ,
(Lord S.) was about to submit to Earl ,STANHOPIIe replied; 'the be. lied not the the clauses being in the nature of looney clauses,
glass. On Friday evening, he repeated similar cots- solutions which he
retch and made his escape. On Saturday he went them. In ;moth
er letter which he had received from least idea of blaming any person for causing the evi. which, as a matter of rigbt, must originate in the
these again, when two of the Bow-street officers Devonshire, it was paled:
that greater distress mi. deem to be printed.—There was a,very obvious ob- House of Commons, into which the Bill, as amended,
were sent for, and he was held to hail. isted among the farmers than had been known for jection to the specification of any particular tax, will, it is understood, be again introduced during The
R (MEAT FlLEitilfs the celehratiel Yorkshire rain. 20 years, that the corn was unsaleable, and that whereas his Resolution who'd show what was the present Session.
nor, has matched himself to run. at the York An- cattle had fallen
.
to half its former price. If such sort of taxes to the repeal of which they would con- The other Bills on the table were forwarded in
-
slate of things, and all sides disclaimed •He had ' meant to imply that Noble attic respective stages, and at hale lst eight o'clock
gust Meetieg, 1814. 100 'mites. in 18 hours. Our wks the v
idea of raising the price of grain, what
informant says, betting is 20 to 1 on time.

,

.

of

•

:

i
Al

I

4-4

t z ,

•

ineinimed the sent.—He had not meant to imply that any Noble J theic respective stages, and at half-past sight o'clock
t was to be! Lords were famine-mongers; neither could he help the House adjourned till to-morrow (chi, dul).
•
• •.
_ .
