i

linler, who, he Could more the House, Sought for
bothin but the establishment of a fair reciprocitY.
J • Sir J. NEWPORT observed, that by the undies
iadvintage derired from the drawback stated by that
last speaker, the Scotch distiller Witt enabled lit
only to reduce the revenuei but to import his spirit!
Into the Irish market, at a bounty injurious to the der
Interest bf the Irish distiller.
Mr. J. P. GRANT spoke against the Miran&
Ur. HAWTHORN in its favour. •
Mi. GRATTAN contended, that the Comelleeeid
Article! of the Treaty with Ireland were•to be rs.
gardett is the marriage portion, the obligation to pay
%thick could not be infringed without annulling the
barriage contract.
Mr. MARK YATT and Mr. MELLISH both ob-
jected to the principle of the Bill, as being at vari-
ance Itith the opinion of the Committee, who so
anxiously considered
.the matter in the year 1809.
Mr. FINDLAY protested against it on similar
grounds. No alteration could make the principle
of the present measure palatable to him, or consist-
ent with a fair reciprocity of advantages between the
Iwo countries. lie .should therefore prefer taking
* sense of the House upon it now • and with this
view moved, as an amendment, 4(41;1 the Speaker
leave the Chair this day throViiesisau."—[Loied
and continued laughter.] - .
The SPEAKER suggested to the Hon. Member,
that his end would be equally attained, by moving,
if That the House de resolve into such Committee
, this day three months." • . • • • .:
1.1 The Chancellor of the Exchequer, tord Caselen
isaglsond Mr. W. Fitzgerald, supported Ihei" BM;
and Mr. Western, Mr. W. Smith, Mr. Brand, and
Mr. John Peter Grant, opposed it. After which
the House divided.
For the Speaker's theta leaviag the Chair 63
Agaiost it 47 '
Majority —l6
• The Bill then went through a Committee, was re-
ported, was ordered to be printed as amended, the
`Report to be taken into farther consideration on
Tuesday, and Counsel to be heard for the Petitioners
against the Bill, on the bringing op of the farther
Report, if they should think fit. -
ARMY ESTIMATES. •
Mr. BENNE!' hoped that at so late an hour it
ras not the intention of the Noble Lord (Palmer-
ston) to persevere in bringing forward the Army
Estimates.
• Lord PALMERSTON mw no occesien for any
farther delay, the more particularly as there could
be little information afforded to the House on the
subject of any reduction in the expence during the
present year, three 'palters of the year's ezpendi-
tore being already incurred, and our armies not being
yet got home. There would, besides, be a further
stage for discussing the subjectif it should be thought
necessary.
Mr. PONSONBY could see no imperious neces-
sity for proceeding at that hour, the more particu-
larly as the military service could not stiffer from
postponing the business till there was a fuller House.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, saw

great increased inconvenience to the ifouseiroM every
day's delay, while, at the same time, no idea could
at this moment be held out to the House as to what
Might be expected to hp the Peace establishment.
Mr. FREMAN'f LE hoped to have heard,to:night
*tat was the probable expectation as to the amount

ft bf the peace establishment, but if no hlicatmellinS -
4 tMs head was to be expected, he agreed that the
1• postponement of the Measure was the less necessary.
The House having resolved itself into a Committee
. of Sapply, a number of miscellaneous Irish services
here voted. After which,
Lord PALMERSTON brought forward his Army
lstimates. He should content himself at present
with the leading features, reserving the details for a
' future occasion. From a general view of the whole
t
1p
it would be seen, that comparing the Estimates with
those of the last year, there was an encrease of 7600
Then, and 110,0001.• of charge. The increase in
Mourn)) arose front a variety of causes, among others,
4 1.
:' front knencrease of parer allowance to Non-com-
' ,muttonlgrecere4 (tithe amount of '20,0001. a year.
I:t 40 men,, occasioning.elll tikb"n Staff,ie c too
ot
fh e 1 somocouonl t. ; of
lOW coupe tailyd; York Ichiasseurs, to the number of
la.
. VI btain,-34:. imsdee the bead of SO and Garri-
:Where was an encrease this year in the foreign
,4t
4 twice to the amount oft 56,0001. This, no doubt,
i • litostained no estimate for the army of Lord Lyne.
I , ock, but this would be effectually covered under
the saving in Lorci 'Wellfugton's Staff. There was au
increase in the present year's estimates, which he
-was certain the House would be happy to encourage,
namely, in the pay of General Officers not having
regiments, who were at present in the receipt• of
every possible variety of pay, from that of Lieute-
nant Colonel to that of a Captain. This was not con-
sistent with justice or liberality,. and. a contrary
practice not only prevailed in every other Military
'service, except ours ; bat even in the Naval Service
of this country, such had ceased to be the rule for I
more than a century. Ills intention was to pia& 1
General Officers on the same footing With Flag Offi-
cers in the Navy. Thus a Major-General to hove the
t" Mama pay with a Rear-Admiral, a Lieutenant-Genii-
eal the same pay with a Vice-Admiral ; but a
General to have no higher pay than a Lieutenant-
General. This would amount to about 83,0001.—
Another encrease of pay would be .to Officers re-
duced to half-pay, who must safer from the same
cause which afforded a prospect of prosperity and
cougratulatioe to the rest of " ••• ThE
mated at from 150,0001. to It
trvice there would be a redi
n the Irish Commissariat
,0001.; and in the Barrack
redaction of about 38,0001.
state the reductions which had
were immediately to take place
and in the recruiting service,
to the London districts. The
t• sustained a considerable red!
encreased against September
rsi Officers. Every proper
himself to the House, shoul
possible moment it could be
, The fir o. R-ltolulion,
granted for t' e !.tad Forces,
the sum of 1.516,001. being
14r: PONSON 3 f again
whch this business had been brougi

I ,

14;;;.=t..."

'to the duty Of die Noise ebd ttie ceintry t.
the best possible Provision for theGenerat Offinetwet
Our Army, sad else for those Officers who mint' eft
oessarily retire on batten, he entirely conelirrF4
With the Noble Lord ; that duty, ,he thoo&ht, coal()
holy be bounded by bur hbllity. lie would have
liked, however, tb hove heard declaration from the
Noble Lord as to what was likely to be sour peace
establishment. The Noble Lord had left this matter
too much open to conjecture, when he talked of kit
disposition to make the peace establisitmentt is doir as
possible. It ought.to be as nearly as possible what
It had been previous to the French Revolatioo; and,
wherever any deviation was made from that scale of
expenditure it was for the Noble Lord, and those
who acted with him, to show that such deviation end
necessary. - Before the French Revolution,the whole
sum raised for the expenoes of the year, and tb pay
the interest of our debt, was sixteen millions a-year.
Now the interest of our debt alone was upwards, of
forty million! ; and he did not over-rate the whole
of our annual expense by stating it at sixty millions.
' In such circumstances it was the imperious duty of
I Ministers to redice our expeuces as much 'as pos-
sible;
and he must assemethe 'mallet of our exposes
previous to the French Revolution, as the best cri-
terion by which to judge what our present expense
ought to be, till the necessity of an increased expen-
diture was made oat.

After some further disillusion, in which Mr.
Rankest Mr. Bennet, Geseral Gascoigue, Sir Eyre
coote, Lind Newark, Gees* Manners, Sir Eger.
ton Bridget'Mr. Wrests Mr.. Caicraft, and Lord
Palmerston participated, the resolution was agreed
to, and the Rouse having resumed, the Report was
ordered to be received on Monday.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed
of, and at one o'clock this morning the bons ad.
journed to Monday.

FlsRkfcp PAPERS.

COPENHAGEN, Jun, 3.-It IS thought that this
kingdom is about to receive a new Constitution. The
law called Royal, prohibits the Monarch, under pe-
nalty of dethronement, from ceding any portion of
territory; and the King having ceded Norway, the
Constitution is thereby violated. On the other side
the secceesion to the Throne is deranged by the so-
lemn abdication of Pritice Christina. It is thought
that by means of a new constitution the Crown may
be made to peal to the Princess Royal, daughter of
the King.

SctswicE, Julie B.—The new King of Norway'
has demanded of the Commissioners of the Allied
Powers, whether they haveletters of credence to him
and the Norwegian Government. Their answer not
being satisfactory, he has refitted them passports for
the interior, until they have received letters of ere.
deuce. These Commissioners, it is thought, are
stopped at Frederickshall,the first town of Norway.
The Swedish army will attack Norway, at the
same time, on the side of Wermeland, and on that
of Dronthiem. It will be assembled about the end
of July. It consists of about 40,000 effective men,
but it is short of provisions.
MANHEIM, JUNE 14.—1 f we are to believe some
persons who pretend to be informed upon the subject,
by virtoe.efAkel.cayit

;rt—h—e Allied Powers, and Bavaria, cite ilium
Power is to cede part of the Tytol, the territory of
Salzbourg, and some districts to the North of the
Danube, to round the frontiers of Austria;' but
Brannan remains to Bavaria, which will be aggran-
dized by the territory of Wnrtabvrgh, and, perhaps,
by a part 9f the left bank of the Rhine, in which is
called the Middle Rhine, and which ,compriseb May-
ence, Coblentz, and Treves.

BRITISH and FOREIGN SCOWL SOCIETY.

The Friends of this excelled!' Institution dined to..
gether yesterday at the Freemasons' Hail.
The Marquis of LANsnowNs was in the Chair, and
was supported by the Dukes of Kent and Sussex ;
the Earls of Darnley and Eardley, and several other
eminent persons were present.
When the cloth was removed, the toasts of " The
King,"—" The Queen and Princesses of the Royal,
Family,"—and "The Prince Regent," were drank.
The Noble Citainstax having proposed the health '
of " The Dake of Kent," the Vice-Patron of the
Societyt,Which was drank with great applause and'
three times three.
His Royal Highnesk returned thanks to the Com.
pany,and observed,that the present was a time peculiar.
Iy proper for the diffusion of knowledge, as a prospect
of a Fong and universal peace was opening to us. loge-
*Aber with the many estimable persons whom the
peace would return to society, there were many
whose morals and habits were not good. It was by
the diffusion of knowledge only that these men
could be prevented from being injurious to the peace
of the kingdom, and by the extension of knowledge
to the children of the present age, the persons whom
soy future war might make it necessary to collect,
fight be dispersed without danger. His Royal
ghness concluded, by proposing the health of the
Chairman—" The Marquis of Lansdowne." ,
The health haying been drank and much.op-
planded,
The Noble CMAIRMAN returned thanks, and ob-
served, that though the peace owned large prospects
Society, they were for the present to depend
eiertions, and that be hoped that the
individual efforts, would free the
incumbrances. The Noble Mar-
tha other Vice.
Society, the Duke
with raptures

thanks, and said,
strenuous for_the
every year, While
would meat its
Society bad la-
' saw the num-

room with one
pommel th 4
Honourable Frigid at
llwap the courage
?Veda accianta.

aliimate sacceu.

a

Amok IPPitaan
1;ho Fort of ataktqtit slimed Sankt on What(
a( melt **4 tits otior Vigo-firatidenti•
Tho. remain, Members of tho Solieq," sus
.brank; whit. ap.phlnse ; and a poidal tnbute (tom
111fika Wittlbid was sung, with
46 'l'bank*'tb Miss Milford" was then drank *ith

applause.
The blastrsis of Lassoarenta rose, and saii, that
as Men ond Cbristieos .the eiertiops of the Sodety
should not.P opined to this kingdom alone, and as
they had determined lo Wend their efforts to foreign
&nutrias, the Meeting should not separate without
hada( taken sittne,itep on the anbject. lie shetAld,
thelifnee, prepasei that, tot the purpose atitd•
titian ilha *attention of the benefits 'Mho 60ekty to
'foreign parte, the thew. Dr. Schwa* fie INP9lolated
the Foreign Settetary of the Society.
This proposition was adopted by acchimatiee.
The Marrone of L —ANEDDITHE thett proposed the
health sit the Kew. Dr. &imam, which, haviog
Wee drank—
The Rev. .Dr. %swami returned thstakit
pressed his determination, en his return to his native
country, to use his utmost endeavours to promote
the objects of the Society.
Mr. WHITBREAD then rose amidst the loud ex-
pressions of the gratitude and •adastration of the
to propose a toast, whith he desired the
company would bow with a iper. The toast
be had to mom, wee. t fine Care of Education
ihrougheot theWorld."—[*plaure.]—The amiable
Poetess whole effisions the Company had heard
with pleasure, had entitled it the March of Mind.
Since the last year, the collected mind of the Society
bad marched—it had extended its purpose to the I
whole universe.--[Applause.].-The progress of
the Society he had foremen from ks birth ; for it had
the free use of its strengths, and bad not been nn.
peded by absurd swaddling bands—[Applause}—
unlike another institution, which was never to extend
its benefits beyond this island. because it could not
draw the Chin* of England after it.—[..dlaugh and
applaure.]—The British Society could, on the con-
trary, extend its blessings to all countries, because they
taught according to the Bible, as it had been delivered
to eswithont meteor comment. What was the cause or i
Education? The cause of oar national independence—
the cause of peace—the caused everlasting happiness.
What was ignorance but weakness-,-but degradation
under the oppression of knowledge misapplied ?
For knowledge when monopolized was always mis-
applied by crafty men.—(*plause.)—ln that room
an appeal had been made to British feeling, In favour
lof the oppressed satires of Africa: If knowledge had
been universal—if it had estended to that unhappy
quarter of the globs, those Africans whom we now,
for five years, delivered over to the oppression of
; the French [applause], would never have been thus
subjected to oppression; tut it was by the know.
ledge—tbe misguided knowledge of Europe, ope-
rating on the ignorance of Africa, that slavery and
its train of evils originated; The time, he hoped,
would soon arrive, whew the benevolent wish of our
' beloved Monarch would be accomplished—when
every child in this kingdom would be able to read his
Bible. Then would the glorious diffusion of know.
o ledge extend to the rest of tfie gtobel_ an 4 w§imjbet

.
4.igr ,
ht read, with dine great-A(1ot, " Heaven's cell-
o:aye—for then, indeed, would be destroyed for
ever " the reign of Chaos and old Night."—[ Loud
Hppplause.]—The Hon. Gentleman then proposed his
toast, which was received• with rapturous applause.
The Marquis of LAN SDOWNE proposed--" The
healths of the Committee of Management, and of
Mr. Joseph Fox and Mr. Allen ;" which, was drank
!with much applause.
Mr. JOSEPH Fos returned Thanks for himself and
Mr. Allen.
Several bundrettYpouriat Nigel subscribed during
I the course Of the levelling. The company did not
i break up till a latik.hour. •

IMPERIAL WO RO,YAL irISPT TO
POIMMOUTII:

Proanata, Friday.onarning, Jaw 14. .
Ilk Royal Highness the Prince Reeent.rodoin his
can iuge yesterday Morning to the Dock-yard, where
he was met by the' Allied Sovereigns, the Royal
Dukes, the Duchess of Oldenburgh, and a numerous
retinue of Generic! Officers. After paying a visit at
the house of the Hon. C. Grey, the Commissioner
of the yard, they walked to the stairs, the Duchess
of Oldenburgh taking the arm of the Prince Kaput.
His Royal Highness and suite embarked he the King's
barge, and the Illustrious Strangers embarked in the
Port Admiral's barge, amid the cheers of the town.
Fourteen ships of the line, chiefly of first rate, were
moored at anchor in two lines, from smith-east to
north-west, estending nearly tear Miles. .The sea-
aels were—the Ville.* Paris, St. Dorsingo,_ Bed".
ford, Rodney, ChidUs, Prince, 7'igre, Queen,
tatorug
'Sceptre, Magni cask Montague, Stirling castle,
Aged the flag .' tbe Impregnable, on board of
:gittich the diatingi visiters assembled. On the
iMeral of the Pr' ent's barge within sight et
.the fleet, a royal salute of. 21 guns was fired by the
whole fleet at once. . .
On the barge bearing' the Royal Standard reach-
ing the Sag-ship, the flag of his Royal Highness the
Doke of Clarence was !truck, and the Royal Stand-
ard, of newond esluielte workmanship, hoisted on
the main-top gallant-mast bead. It was salutes' with
21 guns by the 'itself fleet at once. • It is oomputed
that NO sail it this moment were under weigh, tra-
versing opposite courses in the space of four miles, end
yet such was the management, that no accident hap-
pened. The hills Verrounding Portsmouth and South
gt., Commose-weVi covered with most elegant com-
pany. The

refreshment
inspregnabk
and that of

head, and
the crew

band played
and other vessels of warmer, under weigh during the
whole thee disPlaYhtliaaval titcOcs,
His Royal ifightten the Prince Regewt awl his .11-
lastrions Visitors retail-Wed to the Sally:port, whore
they landed M boar o'clock, the Royal .Staadard

~.,.;

Saw* .

4 heels struck on board the Inipreg#o4l
e yerdo spin manned; a third Royal saline by the,.
whole fleet' Wit -fired, and et fourth by the. partY
landing, by signal front the platform; The Admirals
and Captains. of the Fleet assembled On • hoird ,the
flag-ship by signal, and accompanied the Prince Rei.
gent on shore, In ptotession. Ten thousand trOopi
were drasitt up in Pettit:eolith 4t the landing; and ' •
feu-de:oie *as fired, and repeated several dines vii
.much dexterity. TheOfilteri Of the Fleet and a dig:
tinguished number dined Pith the Prinee Regent at
the Governdiegt •
In Portimouth, at the lending; it grattei Coticonise
Of people were never asiijnebte4 ht-,liientiOn On one
.spot, although thousands were agent.. The minter*
horse and foot were by presinie irregularly jumbled
together, yet ho accident happened. TIM gallant
IRussian Galen& CberniCkef was redognized by some;
lad so muck pressed with kindness in receiving fink'.
Ihandlf John Bull's family that he was eiltemely
awkwardly situated: Re was rescued by a diagueni
and Vickery and Lavender's party of patrOie; and
!
taken into the Fotintain Tavern., • ,
After the aniusettienti of the day had Cliied. eitt
the setting sun, an event occurred tihiCh gave
life to the town. A coach drawn by eight Itortuld,
drew op at the Crown Inn, or Clarence Hotel; aed":
who should alight but the gallant Blucher.
and
*al
identified on alighting from the carriage, and on h 0
occasion in London .was the populace more name.
rows; the eagerness to grasp his hand by beat WS
was unparalleled.—" Blucher! Blocher ! tlit)
air, " Show me the CongueiOr of 'the Tiratit ;"4-1,
Come forward Blucher," Iris exclaimed on all eiiali
The gallant veteran appeared at the windOw with his
accustomed cheerfulness, and the air was relit with
applause, and it was several minutes before the
patents could agree, whether Immediate silence was
respectful. Lungs carried the day, and when the
roar *as out4he General, in English, with a bumper
in his hand, drank the health of the company. It
lay easily be imagined in what manner this toast was

The populace became appeased, and 'oar* after ti
carriage drew up, and was immediately surrounded.
Rihcher got ,into it in haste. A party of sailor*
shoved in, and swore they would be true to a good
Commander. up mounted half a dozen ; and at
this time au escort of dragoons, previously stopped
by the crowd, and consequently kept back, appeared
some got oft' by accident, but two kept their stations.
The Government House was a few hundred yanis
distant, and the two sailors, elated as men of war's
men by victory, danced on the top of Blochent car.
This day the Prince Regent proposes to receive
the Congratulations of the .Mayor and Corporatiob
of Portsmouth ; after which the workmen in the -
Dock-yard are to copper a ship in two hours; next,.
a review of the military, and then another aquatic
excursion. To-morrow (Saturdsy) his Royal High-
ness. will breakfast with the Duke of, Richmond at
Goodwood. The Allied Sovereigns wilt not visit
London again, but embark for Holland In a few
days.

L4ff INDS LLIG MN*.
vSatll3-1-rntir zuvy. luso= -Amiss,*

HEIM 0.

. ~.

.This was a cause of Divorce or Separation, pro-
moted by Jamila Heyn, the wife, ngainst Wm. Hers,
her knaband, of the parish of St. George, in the
gouty of Middlesex, by reason of cruelty and
adultery, alleged to have been committed with his
servant, of the name of Mary Ana Canute. It ap.p
peered from the proceedings in the Caine, that Mrs.
Heyn quitted her husband's house in consequence of
'cruelty and the adulterous intercourse existing be-
,tween her husband and Mary Ann Canute, with
whom he cohabited, and they passed as mats grid
wife. It further appeared, that during such coha-
bitationi, Mary Ann Canute had been delivered of it
male child. On the part of Mrs. neyn, it was ad-
mitted that there was not sufficient evidence to sup-
port, the charge of cruelty-against the husband, but
with respect to the charge of adultery, the Counsel
contended it was fully established by the evidence
produced'.
The Court (Sir Wst. ScorT) was of opinion, that
The fact of adultery was clearly proved, and there-
fore pronounced for the remedy which the wife
Prayed.

the country. Thithe esti- ! to the Society, they were for the press
160,0001.1 u theirolenteer I on their own exertions, and that be h
duction of about 160,0001. Members, by their individual efforts,
t a reduction of about institution from its incumbraaces. Tb
Department of Ireland,* 'via proposed " The health of tilt
I. He then proceeded to Patron and energetic Friend of the Socl
ad already taken place, or of Sussex." This health was drank 14
lace in our forces at home, applause.
e, which was now confined His Royal Jiligliness returned than
he Home Staff having now his exertions should ever be most stre
duction, which would be I benefit of the Society, end that ever
,r next to thirty-six Gene. life and .health would permit him, he
er reduction, he pledge& friends in that room. Though the S
old take-piece the earliest Wired aisderdifficulties, yet when he
effected. '.ber of persounassembled in that large
namely, that there is q•ldapt, !ben he saw that the Society
nt, at Home and Abroad, firm and ablc support of hiss Honoun
Lig put his left (MrAMO lobo had alwa
noticed the late hour at to speak the"trattf-411=d[Lond and rape,
cu brought forward. As lions]—he cbuld not doubt of Its shin

•
+tit ' •
•
rAtt4-mot •ia .
eettn tri to make 1- i'iN Health of tb. Viii-Pitildiati" was then haelog
enema Ofitetset idrook with PPlllfelel !the yet

'he dignified party partook of a iisaaptuoss
Pitt on boast and duals. Melt slay. The
rbk hoisted the 'Uttiog ,hg at the molten,
)f the Admire:tit'. at the fesietop•gallent-mast
lon the Pet Rig* anteing en board',
welcomed Isies•Wilh to ehm'rs, and tde
red God atm itti King, - • Thir-fear frigates
