To rns EDITOR or Ts' STATESMAN.

Ste,—The Indeprodeot Electors of Westminster,
who are (rinds of Radice, Reform, have fully res.
Need the prediction contained in my Letter of the
10th instant, inserted in your valuable Journal of
Setordee lest : " that they would this week rally
roam, the standard of Reform and exhibit their irre-
sistible power, and defeat the enemies of freedom
under whatever mask they nag assume." In two
days they hove shown their high character, their
onion, and their overwhelming strength; they bate
indeed pined Itch a majority over the Coalition
Candidate, is to Inspire every lover of liberty with
cosidence, that Westminster can never be made the
property of either the Tory or Whig, •r of both
of these factions united ; whore betted to Reform has
engendered loch a Coalition, as can newer fall to
point out the tree character of each as respects the
qoestioo of ellicient Reforms
All England will exalt in the di.plsy of indepen-
dence, which the honest sod intrepid Elrctors •f
Westminster, to their immortal honour, have so
gloriously manifested in the last two days! The
present cosiest will be mere valuable to liberty, than
any preceding one in which the Electors of West.
Waster hare been engaged. It will not only furnish
au important !men to the friends of Reform, bat it
mitl teach the enemies of that nese, the folly of at.
'empties to stop its progress. It will unequivocally
Now rank and Ile its friends, its mock friends, sod
Ma enemies. It will show correptioe, Intrigue, inti.
ilsidstioa, end slavety on one side, sad virtue, justice,
'ohne spirit, sad freedom on the other. It will do
SON to aid Reform than any thing that has occurred
b the lost 20 years. It will amply repay the friends
41(Liberty for the inquietude sad anxiety with which
they were filled from the disunion which existed at
die commencement of the contest. The vessel of

Liberty will have weathered Oe storm, sod will reach
the port of Rotorua with a valiant and honest crew.
Sr Fiume Busman has never endeared himself to
Ike People of England more than during this import.
ant sod highly desired coolest ! I( ever a doubt
a:kited in the mind of any dispassionate friend to
freedom of the virtue and integrity of Sir F. Bosom,
his coodect in the last ten days is more than 'efficient
to remove such doubts. The value of a public friend
I. liberty can never be better appreciated thin by
mitoeseing how the enemies of that moo estimate
bins. It is gratifying to me the hostility directed
spinet this intrepid and eloquent friend of our coon.
try's rights. Whoteter doable were entertained, or
ollatever want of knowledge has been ezpromed, of
the powers and Integrity of Mr. Honnousr, these
must all now have been salaciously removed and
Gems med by the simple circumstance of seeing hies,
ea the one side, supported by BURDETT and
:piss lodepaudest Electors; and opposed o.
dr ether side by every Tory, Whig, aed enemy
le Reform. and all this*. the eighth day of the ceo.
test. If Mr. Boarroost had bad no ether recess.
ineedatiAo to the Independent Electors of West-
eilllsler than the opposition which he has experienced
from the isormies of Reform, 'het ought now to be
quills sufficient to rouse every Independent Elector
.f Westminster to press forward. with alacrity, I.
Ms rapport r that they will act this hooosrable and
weehol part for themselves sad their country, lb* past
h s cheering asseramm of the feture.—l am, Sir,

AN ELECTOR AND IRItND TO THE
OLD STATESMAN.
Westuiaster, Feb. 13. !Sit

The Dyke of You net with as seeklest, bet sat
en lojery, he relenting from Connt-prdeo Theatre
night, ewe of the wheels of his wrings nee elr,
sod h• Pm bombs a beck nepceack.
His Royal Highness Ind been to ►ear Min
STZflitin it The Dwane, whose voice and shill pet
as ie wind of the united powers of a Maas► sad a
Ert.LINOTON.

A great Personage did not seem to mind the felling
deep of hie earriage—indeed, oby shooid het
had a rehearsal the dey before, by letting himself
dean, in taking the 10,000. a yeer for attendee'
epees his Royal Father.
_

The following is as extract of a letter of the let of
October, from the Agent for Lloyd's, at Solaris :
"After the Ist of November, all vessels bous to
Jan, free Eernpe, America' or any possessions of
&ropes Powers in Asia and Africa, are net to he
permitted to sutler end unload in may other port than
that of Batavia, unless by special permission of Go.
emollient ; they may be allowed to proceed to Sean.
nag and lhourabaya. Ships lading at either of the
three principal ports above.mentionrd, must regain
their entire cargo at the port of clearance, end are
not to be permitted t• proceed to another, to 1111 up.
All the other ports ere closed to European American,
and other weenie, with the 'empties, of &itch, from
the above period. By the sow regulations, ales, the
deties so imports from all pieces and countries, the
Nettles lands excepted, are increased tram 10 to 16
per cent. on the invoice amount. Then en esperu,
on the isl sod produce, are increased, en coffee four.
fold, and on sugar sad pepper, double the present
rates ; unless the ships clear in a port is the N..
therlands."
Gorey Pans- Governor

Ti rug ELECTORS or WESTMINSTER.

The history of nations struggling for freedom, pre:
sents on intere►tiag and auto! pictere far the consi-
deration of man, and load. the philosophic mind to
contemplate the means, by which success produce.
&feat, end mirgeided or ili.m d efforts tend to
destruction. No see foreign tyrant int rodeeed, and
domestic tyrants expelled; bet the condition of the
l'eople still retrograding to slavery and &Mettles.
We see the arm of despotism arrested by the energies
of a brave and warlike People; but we see the civil
despot giving way la the military despot who rises an
his rein. The steady march to freedom, frees the
time of ALMS'S TOO GIICAT, has distinguished this
country from the rest of the world, either in societal
Or modern history ; and though these may occa•
sisoally have been some dilapidation. in the edifiri
of Liberty, yet it is a splendid work of political archio
twerp, and deserve. our regard.
What natieuel straggles are on a larger Kale: ewe.
tioneering conflicts in this country are on a smaller
seek : simil.reo.rgles netted, similar errors min-
misted, similar successes, sad similar defeats. The
semi causes etereally produce the same effects in
either a moose or so elephant; overstrained meths.
ewes lassitude, and ill directed energy, instead of re-
=Dein a barrier, odds to the ince...bronco.

The City of WPliiniuster is a notable 'sample of the
troth of these positions. With bur patriotic feelings,
with abendenat of political energy and politica.
information, is the year 1907 the Electors este-
blished the freedom of their Elective Franchise le
• manner that excited the admiration of the sated
kingdoms; and their subsequent pis ee mice
in the same path, gave premise of future consistency
and tonne independence. Alas, hew vain and futile
are the hopes we build on the prospective condect of
men ! A few years only have passed, and we see
the proud, the exemplary, and independent City of
Westminster dividing its victories.m phalaai, sad
sofferieg a beaten sod prostrate •wesy to the sad
again erect the boomer of corruption. The statue of
Freedom is to be levelled with the dust, that ea am-
phibious. Candidate, who swims with the Whip sod
crawls with the Tones, may stand en its fallen frag-
ments and mock at oar miseries : already the tragedy
is &Teo, mad we beer battings.e in favour of Re-
form which will never be succeeded by one practical
exertion is the cause; professions without messing,
sod promises without iatentioo but to deceive. The
coalition of the two factions to Impose • hybridises
Member on the City of Westminster is as indisputa-
ble proof of their Inveterate animosity to the free-
dom and happiness of the People, sad disco►ers
sataoic poison, as origiaal sin I. their temperaments,
that admits of no redemptios. They consider us as
the free stock os the political fans, that whichever
petty obtains possession, it say say,COale, let us kill
land est.

Electors of Westminster, the mese is in your
owe hoods. You have osly to elect yourselves with
•igoor, and you will tamarind sectors : you have a
tried, as able, sad a veteran Leader in Sir FRANCIS
13VIIDITT ; and if you do not appoint him such a
second u Mr. Iloairousa, yen will stultify year
ews peouedinp, and Auld retire from the contest,
that you may at least enjoy the humiliating commi-
seration which tyrants coadestend to bestow op the
disciples of passive oloodieou and non-resistaste. It
will not be solficiewt that yen retorts Mr. lionnown
by a sparisg majo►ity, you must show that " the
lion has shakes the dew frees his mope," that the ens-
miss of year frontons may be appalled, sod never
more roue.. the contest. Tour City has taken the
lead in the chicle of Inde2eridenee, the rest will be
affected by your rumple ; you are the vs. ship in
the don : if you desert your station you will throw
the whole line iate tonfision. The tree Pattie(
16 au his eyes on your conduct, and you should top-
sider that lekewarerness is liberlicide, and indiffer-
ence treason. If you defeat our Populations it this
inemooters crisis, the genuioe lover ofiFreedom may
bow down his head into the lap of despair, and close
his eyes Lou ever.
PURUUICE.
