THE STATESMAI,•';

and in fact, is admitted, that the commerce* of the
Black Sea is very desirable to us; bat if not as
presenting a constant and profitable market ter our
p.aeduela. at an e s hililditirthe ittledgeeil
ProsPra #OK g t.;. 4OW -00 y ig
tredelk * i., .. 4
f
4,--- .1 ,
. Thifrat nuns 'Nag gam once *Stained
for the American flag, our vessels will always claim
'the irrtirelainei.,—end the beit freights. It tee yhe
asked why, with our enterprise,' have net. our mer-
chants opened this trade ? The reasons are obvious.
Mosey of them satisfied of it, Importance, have pressed
our Government to have an understanding with the
'forks. The Government of the United States, al-
ways csutioos, acknowledged the advantages of that
trade, but fearing that an understanding with the
Turkish. Government would be expensive and es-,
tangling, they have postponed any attempt to open
this trade, end oor merchants, not knowing the cha-
racter of the Turks, have declined an experiment in
that quartet. The fact is; there is nothing to sp.
prebend. The Ottoman Porte has no objection to
our having that trade, if we apply for it. We have
long traded with Smyrna and other ports in the
Levant, and never have had any difficulties ; and si-
tuated as the Porte actually is, in relation to the
neighbouring European Powers, there is a strong dis-
position to cultivate a friendly and familiar inter-
course with the United States, who, from the inde-
pendent nature of her position. and being perfectly
free from the intrigues and selfish views of European
Cabinets, is a. Power whose friendship is very desir-
able and valuable to the Ottoman Port.
The failure of the cropi in several parts of Europe
has, for a few seasons back, rendered Odessa the
granary of that quarter of the world : and in the last
year, 1360 ships cleared out from that port, 846 of
which were large vessels-407 of the umbel were
Russians, 258 English, 101 Austrians. 25 French,
23 Turkish, and 15 Swedes. Considering our en-
ttrprize, and the unrivalled spirit of our merchants,
and character of our seamen, it is somewhat melon,.
choly not to find an American flag in the list.—The
principal advantage which we may anticipate in ob.
mining that trade would be employment of some
thousand tons of our shipping in that quarter, in the
cotveying.grain to Italy, France, and Spain; and if
Russia should succeed in driving the Grand Seignor
out of Europe, we shall then enjoy freely the be-
nefits of the trade, by having already made ourselves
familiar-with the ports and navigable waters in that
section of the world. From observation and expe-
rience in affairs relating to that commerce, and from
various conversations had with important agents of
the Turkish Government, we have no doubt of the
existence of a friendly disposition which would give
to us, without expence or an entangling treaty, a
free ingress into the Black Sea; and possessing, as
we do, friendly and reciprocal treaties with European
Powers, we anticipate no objections on their part,
and none in fact can arise which we cannot amicably
remove. These advantages will doubtless be seen and
improved by our Government, who are not behind-
hand in laudable spirit and enterprise.

PRICE OP STOCKS THI'
Rauk Stork .290
3 per Cent. Rent $1
3 ppr Cent. Consols 80.1
Coniol4 for Mc. 811 i
4 per Cent. 981/

:S I) 1Y AT ONE O'CLOCK.
5 per Cent. Nary 1054
India Bonds 105 109 p
-- Steck fit
Long Ann. 20i
Exchequer Kills 19 49 p

THE STATESIVL4N.

I propagated that. the institutions and 0.....
two -Republics were widely different.
lis . set the cad. The point which
zx,„number of personi ha
and the . interjacent West India
iiied :Avikat Jimmanity most regret es nr
..toAsiserim.ase- practice' freedom seam
established on the Southern Contiseat,h,,
the Spanish communities bare admitted'
of the African race among the elements
Institutions, and are therefore, precisel;
situated with the Southern States of
_the
Unjon. It is computed that there ars between sia and
seven hundred thoSsand negro slaves upon the Spauidh
Main. In this circstnstance of their condition, then,
there most be a common interest in both the
Continents, as well es in the internment West
India. Islands, where the cultivation is carried
on by the same description of population. , Domestic
slavery is a. principle which we are sorry to see
mingling with the institutions of any Government,
much more in the fabrics peculiarly sacred to liberty ;
but the present Governments io South America found
the system of Negro slavery of ancient establish-
(Dent throughout a great proportion of the Southern
and Nothern Continents of America, and whatever
unhappy effects may attend it, they could not with.
oat exciting greater hostility against themselves de-
cree its immediate abolition. BoLivAit and l'Asz
proceeded on the policy and principle of libtia in;
the slave population, and receiving them into their
armies. But the measure has roused such of the
Americans es have a personal interest in it ; that is,
who stand in the relation of slave-propiietors, near
the scene of the operations of these Chiefs. We al-
lude to the Province of Guyana, which is represent.
ed as Laving fallen under the power of Butt TAIL and
Pacz, and tke countries bordering on the Gulf of Mexi-
co, or rather near the mouths of the Oronoko, where
it is said the proportionate number of slaves to the
general population, was much smaller than in any
of the American States; yet that part of the popula•

tion has thrown a preponderating weight into the
scale of the Revolutionists, which will probably
make the'opporite one kick the beam in some in-
stances. BouvAtt adopted the policy of emancipa.
lion, as a means of streughtening himself in Carac-
cal, several years ago. That measure seems, how-
ever, for the time, to have operated against him ; for
he was driven oat of that country, end obliged to
take refuge with the Black Chiefs of Hayti i thence
he has fitted out various expeditions, and having lat-
terly landed steer the mouths of the Oronoko, at the
head of 2000 men, he has so far succeeded in his
plane, as to have taken Angustura, and, it is
said, he is in possession of the surroonding country.
This will account for some part of the hostility PK.
pressed in the American Papers against certain of the
Colonial Chiefs; but we cannot believe that the
American Government, or any portion of the People
of the United States, will, in obedience to the cold die-
tales of political expediency, so far suppress all emo.
tions of generous sympathy and congenial feeling as
to aid the brutal excesses of the Royalists against their
unfortunate neighbours, or increase their difficulties
by exerting a power against the most important parts
of their territory, which they may least expect to see
actively turned to their disadvantage.

Letters and Papers to the IBth of November, from
the Cape of Good Hope, slate, that Government
had ordered surseys to be made of the coast lying to
the east, where there is a very extensive district
producing the finest wheat. So flattering, say our
Government Papers, are the future prospects, that
about three hundred emigrants had lately arrived
at the Cape from the northern parts of Eng•'
land, to take the management and direction of
the extensive agricultural districts. These persons,
we doubt not, would have preferred remaining at
home to visiting the Ca tires and Hottentots, but ne-
cessity is a powerful spur to emigration. They are,
however, now in the 14nd of hope, and we fervently
wish these flattering prospects may be realized.
His Majesty's ship Dispatch had been sent by the Go.
vernor to open the navigation of .the river, to com-
plete the surveys, to bx upon a harboer, and found
the new Colony. We are sorry to find that both the
Papers from the Cape, and the private letters. con-
firm the accounts already received, that the Dutch
had committed great excesses in their restored Colo.
nies. The immediate cause of the revolt at Saporana
was, that the Dutch Resident had ordered a wo,
man to be flogged naked in the bazaar. The mur.
der of the natives (prisoners) at Java is also men-
tioned.

The report that it was the intention of Govern-
ment to continue the Bank Restriction Act for twa
years longer, from July nut, bas been contradicted,
on apparently official authority; but, notwithstand-
lug this contradiction, the suspicion still lives, and-
that with so much strength and vigour, that it is
surmised both at the Bank and in the Governmeut
Offices, and again asserted by some of our co-teml.',
poraries, that the resumption of cash payment. with
not take place et the expiration of the Act. The
breach of faith towards the Public in this instance,
after the measures that have been adopted to enable
the Bank to resume cash payments, if this rumour
shall prove correct, will afford another very
gent comment on the permanency of the Paper Sys-
tern, its happy effecte, end its indestructible affinity
with the szstem of Goverwineutt to which the sown-
