fl WATER AT LONDON RRIDGE TO-MAROI*
laming, 6 mho. after S —Eteuing, Itirain. after S.

:E• OF STOCKS AT
. Stock 222 e 23 sse
per Cent. Red. (1911
3 per Cent. Con. 60 89
se per Cent. 7Sfall
4 rowdiest). it 1 itt
6 pr Ct. !Vary 103 fit
5 per Cent. Script
Los. Ass. 18 1-18

WE O'CLOCK THIS DAy.
Irish 5 per Cent.
India Stock
Ditto Bonds —s.
Sonth-Sea Old Ann
st.wmesvos: 41761r.71.
()maims to. Mosey
Bank for Account
60f1. for Arai /Oti
Ispril_muForClEL...v.d._ Lou. Tickets 21f. 39.
ERA Wrin..-4111 OR Letter of Vietnams, in our per, ro,
yesterday. for " celebrity" reed " celerity ;" for ...It.
ries" read " enemies ;" for " best" read " lass ; sad
" preamble" reed " principle."

. .
Qat ktattgittati.---

" TVS IRITISiI STATISM ‘141.• If mcnitvoit4Tai win "
II
81 AT LYS! N."

LONDON:

IIIUI:SDAY EVENING, Jvcsuas lA, Dot.

STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
The Stock Market has continued rather strifirtitta
morning ; fur the Account, via. to-inwrew,
have been 70el ; the greater part of the morning thie
has been little doing except in making up.

Paris papers to the ltith iust. have arrived this

morning.

Accounts from Insprurk slate, that a division of dse
Austrian army has recently occupied the cavirinisof
Pavia, and another has he; n stationed near the Li
of Como. It has been expected for soak time that a
portion of the Austrian army would hare passed 4
Po. No preparations to this effect have, however,
been ►wade. The Emperors of Austria and Reinitiate
expected in a short time at Treviso, to review de
Austrian troops. It is the general expectation at
Milan, that an immediate expedition against Naples
is contemplated : it is, notwithstanding, supposed that
the Papal Court will iuterpose, if possible, to pretreat
hostilities.

Letters frotu Vienna of the 4th inst., state ths
the Emperor of RUSSIA set out the preceding day Oa
his jowney to Laybach. The two Ministers, Cu**
na NESSELROPE and Ca ro D'ISTRIA, were expected to
depart on the sth. The Allied Sovereigns hare gives
a fresh proof of the resolution they have taken not to
recognise any of the arts extorted from the King al
NAPLES by the rerolmliwotry fa,ti cm. Prince RI ere,
who was deprived of his embassy at Vienna, and re-
called by a Decree of the Neapolitan Parliament, %in-
vited to repair to Layhath, under the title of Matas,
sailor to his Majesty the King df the Two Skillet.

Letters from Madrid, dated Jan. 4, mention that
several ilisinrbanres have taken place at Sarragosi
and Oviedo. A conspiracy Las recently ►ern diem.
vcre4 at Sarragossa.

Fit Fs( n Ft N vs.—Five per Celts. 80 f. 45c.
Bank Actions, 14521. 511 c.

New York Papers arrived this morning to the lltlti
of December, of which the following are extracts:—

VALUABLE ARRIVAL.--The Revenue Futter, Alert,
cause up yesterday morning with upwards of *AM
dollars in specie, from the British 46 gun frigate,
Spartan, which vessel arrived off Sandyhook. She
sailed from Port Royal, Jamaica, 26th of October, am
limes Ilavannals, 19th of November. She proceeds heats
to England.
(r.vritAcr 'SE A LETTER FROM CAPS HENRY, SOY. 2.)

I inclose you papers to the 29th ult. The remits
passing here will be found interesting. At the same
time I must mention to you, that it is expected this go-
vernment will, in the course of next year, adopt ■ea-
seres that will have a tendeucy to cnrtail American
commerce, that is, to prevent vessels from coming to
this island from any state or place where negroes and
people of colour ate held in slavery. There are several
of the Chiefs herr who stuck to the King, bet iii
have but a poor chance to live. I'll inform you more
in my next. I consider myself and property perfectly
safe.

ABSTRACT OF THE TREASURY REPORT OP TILE
REVENUE.

The Nett Itevenue arising front imports 4.1 tonnage,
internal duties, direct taxes, public lands, postage, &c.
during the yea►, Isl 7, amounted to 24,365,227 dollars.
31 cents. That which accrued from the 61101 e SOSITtio
during tl:e year 1818, anionnted to 26,095,200 dollars,
65 cents. That which accrued from the rase sources
during the year 1819, amounted to 21,435,700 dollarf,
69 cents.

It is ascertained that the gm/4 amount of duties or
nwrchandize and tonnage which accrued during the
three first quarters of the present year exceeds 13,340,0(0
dollars ; and the .ales of the public land during the vas
first quarters of the year. exceed 1,240,000 dollars.

The payments in the treasury during the three first
quarters of the year, are estiotated to atuount tr
16,31037 ; and the monists into the treasury, during
the fourth quarter of the year, from the same source•.
are estimated at 3,430,000, making the total amount re-
ceived into the treasury, daring the year 1t.021t.
20.219,637 dollars, 49 cents, which, added to the balance
in the treasury, on the first day of January last, amount-
ing to 2,0;6,607 dollars, 14 rents, make the aggrego4
amount 22,36,244 dollars, 63 rents.
Of the sum of 3,000,000 dollars, authorised by the art
oldie 13th May last, to be raised by loan, 2.1'900
dollars have been obtained at a prettiiitru ut 2 per cent,
upon stockbearing interest, at the tate of 6 percept.
redeemable at the will of government, ;old I,o9o,tifitt at
par upon stockbearing interest, az the rate el
S per cent. There is no just reason to doubt.
that any slim that may be necessary to he raised
by loan, can he obtained upon terms not leis
favourable, but as it is possible that the surplus of the
revenue, after satisfying all deinan is upon the treasury.
will be equal to the redenirioa of ally debt which

- -
May be contraeted in 1821, it is respectfully sub-
submitted that the President of the United States toren-
tborised w borrow from the Bank of the United States,
or from other Banks, the sum that may be necessary for
the service of that year, at par, and at a tate of interest
not exceeding six per Cent., redeemable at the will of
Government, (Signed) It CRAWFORD.

• The long protracted negotiation relative to Marl-
boutigh-bouie, ft appears, has at last been satisfac-
torily concluded. On Tuesday, we are assured the
agreement fur the Duke of Mtntsionousas's lease was
enecuted by Mr. Alderman Woon, on the part of the
Qt`ISEN, with his Grace's trustees. As to the artini-
rseence of Prince Lcorot,t) in the transfer of his tem-
porary interest in the premises, we have reason, not-
withstanding the assertions of Ilse Meriting Post, to
assume t:sat all the necessary preliminaries had been
previously arranged. If nothing else could lead us
ekiimt that this accommodation was in train, we
should have looked for it from the horror with which
that vestal instrument of ministerial rancour affected to
bear the rumours of the arrangement. A fresh occa-
sion will now be furnished fur the spire* of servile
coartiers and their agents, and fut.,' and pleasing
eviJeuce afforded to the w ►rl(l at large, in what light
the cliaracter of her M ‘JESTY and the pro:cedings
agaiust her are viewed by those persons who are
mutt deeply- interested in preserving a discreet neu-
trality. 'I he Nixes was well apprised of the con-
stru,:tifin to which the arrangement would expose
hi:a, hut he has risked the umbrage, and resolved
upon his decision. We rejoice, for many reasons,
on the arrangement made, and particularly as it em-
braces a residence so becoming the exalted station of
the QUEEN, in a situation so respectable and conspi-
cuqus. Lu this position her M tJESTY will appear
utak:. circumstances well suited to support the rank
she claims, and at once to gratify the solicitude of her
trawls, and to challenge and defy the observation of
he: enemies.

The Coader has thought proper in the superahun-
rlaoce of his tvisdinn, to piss a fulsome panegyric
upon the leoiperatc address of the mild clergy of
Durham, who, pious souls, will (if occasion should
rivire) buckle on the armour of religion, and turn
pugilistic parlous, like Friar Turk, or the ♦ery Ne-
ver:nil 3lr. 'f Inv ti Kt: 4 of lighting memory. These
nice•: Ministers of the Lamb, with true Christian ha-
►iulity, arrogate to theni,elves it monopoly of amiable
qualities, and dispby tli..ir unlimited charity by fero-
ciously attacking the great mess of the people, who
unfortunately for their rulers, are too profoundly
ignorant to understand the pastoral doctrine of ser-
vility and nova-resistance.

The ennrier, not sati died with calumniating in the
dark, has 41(4 misrepreviittid the nature of this ad-
dsess in the very face of day, and with his
tonal defiance of the light of reason, has drawn
most extravagantly upon the gellibility of his
readers. For the currectireas of this we refer to the
Address its..lf, which streaks, we are sorry to say,
mon. strongly against the Christianity of the Clerzer
than almost any thing we have yet witnessed. The
sagacious Cenrier has thought it his duty, as we ex-
pected, to pass an encomium upon the equally sapient
Clergc, beeillie they barn, in 14rir trirdom, ques-
tioned the fidelity of the country at large, by unneces-
sarily presenting such an Address to his M A.His TY, as
though the personal virtues, and paternal Un-
ernment of our Kingly Father, were not always
a security for the affections of his most happy
and loving children. Tic Courier and the Ad-
dress go hand in hand, in asserting that the
present d •plorahle state of the country, arises solely from
the vtecl of the l'eneke. And is it possible that this
littl..conibination of puerility can dare to tax almost
the whole population. of England, with the misde-
meanours of 3liiii:ters, because they have most gene-
rously exerted themselves in favour of persecuted
innocence and contrary to proved incapacity. ? This
we think is the most insulting remark that ever was
cast upon the dignity of the people. It is never-
theless a fortunate circumstance, that such principles
are uoaccompanied with power, and blended only with
ignorance. This infatuated paper has had the folly
to slur almost the whole country with little less than
lath treason, her ruse we fortunately happen to be
wiser and wore loyal than it:elf. The Nobles too, of
Ledford and Devonshire, Grosvenor, and Carnet-
", have, as might have been expected, been
most grossly slandered. We abstain from the
needless task of defending the cause they support,
convinced in asserting the rights of the people, they
are promoting the hest interests of the empire.
populi we drew sepr,usa let; and are
bold this opinion because we feel that it is the only
maxim by which the affections of the subject and the
stability of the Throne, can ever be permanently
s,Tured. We sincerely regret, when the voice of the
people is raised and not attended to, and we earnestly
hope and trust that his Masses-1- will graciously
listen to the prayers and petitions of his people,
by dismissing from his Council, men who are ill cal-
culated to e the affections of the country, and
consequently the happiness of the Kix°. If the mis-
guided HOelleOf STUART. bad, fortunately for them•
selves, attended more to this wholesome maxim, we
might not perhaps, at thin time, have been vainly peti-
tioning the glorious and paternal Hesse of Bair:4llmi.

MEETING OF rat PARAHIONERS OF-BT.
SAVIOURS' SOUTHWARK.
This day, pursuant tb a 'requisition, a meeting of
the inhabitants of this Parish, was held in the Sp!..
ritual Court in the Church, to take into consider-
ation an Address of Congratulation to her Ma-
jesty on the failure of the Bill of Pains and Pee-
ties, aid a Petition to the King to dismiss his Mi-
nisters and restore her Majesty's name to the Liturgy.
We have only time to say, the resolutions were
unanimously carried: the principal speakers were Sir
I Robert Wilson, Mr. Denbigh, and Mr. Meston, the
Five Wardens of the parish beiog present.
