I am, gentlemen, your most obedient,
And most bumble sermon__
Wu. Cliollllli

liCl EXCIANG6, HALP•I'AST TWELVE. 11'41.—.
Is the early part of the morning the Market appeared
rather gloorhyp,. and scarely any business was doing.
Opiates. are ettU fluctuating in regard to war between
Fastened Spain; and will continue so until orgocie.,
floe ll' terinleafed. Consols opened this morning at
BO& sad, tal this hour remain steady at that sprite.
The meeting of the Colombian Stock holders Mitet
piste at 'ono °Tim". ;:after which it is iniagieid.
the decisioe' will operate on the Colombian Bonds.
—The Esp from Paris this morning have
brough• the printed price of the French Funds 87, 5,
but they left Mt at 57,'36 rents. We do not hear the
the Papers bring any political information of import-
ance.

FOtEIGN FUNDL—The most business doing this morn-

ing was in Spanish and Colombian Bends, but not to say
great extent, as the holders of Colombia are waiting the is-
sue of the meeting thin day. New Fpanish opened at 4i/it°
I, since which they Wave got better.

Chill, 73/ to I—Now Spanish, 491 to 30-01 d, 331 to 60

—New Preemies, lift} div.—Old, 854—Russian, 81—Tha.
nish, SO—Neapotkae Strip. 77--Colomblan, 00 tt 61—
Spanish Scrip In to 10.tlie.

Paris papers to the 9th inst. have arrived, bit Al-
hare brought no intelligence of importance. The Jou:-
nal de Paris which bad copied an article front that of
Toulouse, announcing the taking of it tiaguer byt corps
of the Army of Faith, having subsequently recei red com•
monications from a correspondent at Perpigone, who is
silent respecting it, now considers the statdetent unfound-
ed. The let of January had been:appointed b. the Cortes
of Spain, the day for conferring honoureon the brave
defenders of Public Liberty, on the 7th of July. San
Martin and Morillo are not to obtain those hononriosed
their exclusion gave rise to a %. arm discmsion.

FRITCII FUNDS, J. B.—Five per Cent. NNW'
opened at 871. 70c.; closed at p7l. 3.sc.—Bank Stock.
15-17 f. 50c.—Neapolitan Stock ;IL—Spanish Bonds, of
1829, 61 to 60 ; of 1821, 50.—Exchange on London, one
month, 25f, 39c. ; three months, 25f. Isc.

Mr. Secretary Peel is come to London. Yesterday, the
Right lion. Gentleman transacted business at the How•

Department.
We 'understand that Mr. Baekhonse, wbo pro reot•
pore filled the situation of Under Secretary of State at
the Foreign Office, daring Lord Chinnillism's absence
, at the Congress of Verona, is to proceed to indla with
Lord Amherst, For the present we beiieve Lord Clan-
willintu retires to private life, the lion. Mr. Hill, one
Envoy at Turin, having declined to accept of the situa-
tion which has been bestowed on Lord Francis Conyng-
ham : and there bring no appointment belonging to
the Foreign department. in consequence of that refusal,
immediately vacant which would snit his Lordship. it
is remarked at the west end of the town, that few
stronger proofs of the ascendency of a crrtaih Noble
Family, or of the manner in which political affa'r%
are managed in this country, could be given than that
Mr. Canning should, in the selection of an Under Secre-
tary of State, pass over all his own relatives and con
flexions, to confer the office on a young nobleman who
has hitherto been a stranger to Wm.—(ion/iv paper.)
German papers to the 4th kat. have brought an ar-
ticle from the Banks of the Danube, which says, that a
Plenipotentiary is about to be sent. to Constantinople,
who, without appearing as an Ambassador or as in the
service of Itussia, shall endeavour to preserve peace
with the Pore. This Eitloy i to represent the Cop ts.
Baron Libeizellen, the Ana ri.o Awhaas d r, is pr -
posed for the purpose. Iha sari e a till!! 043 mentions
that an alliance has heel finned betwe, n itussia, Great
Britain, and the great European Power', though cf
what na.ure, or fur what purpose, is not stated. Rus-
sia, it is said, will, in the meantime, continue her mili-
tary preparations, as the best means of giving weight to
her negociations. hr Greek flotilla is about to enter
the Dardanelles; the Turkish fleet is now at Gallipoli,
and they intend to take advatitage of its absence to at- .
tack Chios and other islands where there are Turkish
garrisons.
We have seen a letter dated from Kingston (Jamaica).
November 18, which comments aid) strung—and, if the
allegations art correct, with just—indigos ion 03 the
recent conduct of !Mealy% the Spanish General, at the
taking of [Maracaibo. a port on the Spanish Main, le -
hanging to the itepeithe of Columbia. This place had
been fixed on by the foreign merchants in general, but
particularly the Naglish, as a magazine for the deposit
of goods suited to the traffic with the interior, which oat
expected to be very consideralole. It appeals that at the
period of the cepture, wide:, took place early in
September,the English merm'ants resident in Maracaibo,.
made application to she Spanish Commander to learn
what course of proceeding was meditated with respect
to them, and received through the medium of the Cap
tain of a British frigate, then in the port, general assur-
ances that they would not be molrsreil. Soon after be
was fully established in the possession of the place,
Morales, whose chief objet, in the whole expedition
seems to have been plunder, subjected them to frequent
annoyances, and at length, on smue vague pretence of a
violation of his blochaue of the coast by a British mei.•
chant vessel, contisea•ei and seized upon the whole cf
their property. and ordered them to leave Maracaibo
immediately. This arbitrary command was carried into
effect, and the greater part of the English merchants
settled there, or consignees for mercantile houses in this
country, with their families, had arrived in Kingston.
, warm remonstrance on this subject will be presented.
we understand, to the British Governmest.—(Morning
Paper.)
A bird called the little bustard. or otisteiras of Lie-
nous, rarely ever seen in this country, and said to be a
very great delicacy, was shot last week on Nailsea Moor,
near Bristol.
' A private letter from Cork says, that during the.
' Christmas holidays the best tnrkey.s in that miticet have
, been soki at Is. lid. each, and- efi eAts of meat prepor-
, tionably cheep.
•
• • • •

~~.

LAWYER SCARLETT.
Ire take the following eciere-pontienee from the Hunt-
ingdon Gazette.
MR. SCARLE? AND Mt. WELLS.
i .
t seems at last, that a steuggie I. about to take place
for the representation of Peterborough. Although we
are by no means inclined to condemn a man for any area
particular act abis political life, yet we cannot but
admit that Mr. Scarlett has more than once given us
occasion• to canines Mist. This we mentioned at the
time of his offering himself for Cambridge (as well as
heron); but in comparison with the other Candidates,
his errors were thrown quite in the back ground ; and
we were inclined to choose the least of the evils that pre-
sented. themselves. But the matter wears a far different
*peel at Peterborough, where Mr. S. will be oppond
by a Gentlemen, whose views,in regard to the political
and civil rights of the people, are more extended; and
who has not compromised in any one instance the public
ipterest. We readily Insert the subjoined correspond-
hue. which had been handed to us, respecting the
Cambrige election, as it embraces the points deemed
objectionable in Mr. Scarlett's conduct and the public
will thereby have an opportunity of judging whether
those.ohiections are well or ill founded.
t.:
/ 1A:64. bog to acknowledge the receipt of your two
elrepigEs. I have not the vanity to attach much
importance to my individual vote, bet 1 think it proper
tek state; that I should not feel justified in giving it to.
easel align unnatural anti-population projects militate
atailltstßhe rights and happiness of the mast industrious
class of • the community ; not to a min whose repeated
eulogies of Sit John Copley; afford ample groupd ot,
etsepicien respecting the sincerity Obits own professions.
of patriotism.
Permit me also to add, that be who was so intent on
Lis st Brief for to-murrain." as to neglect the very im-
portant interests of those whose cause be bad taken is
hand, is not, in my humble opinion. very likely to be
assiduously mindful of the rights and liberties of the
country in general.
I am, Sir, your obedient Servant.
To J. Scarlet, Esq. M.P. D. 11. Weida.
Trinity College, 22d Nov. 1899.
Stn,—The loss of a vote from a respectable man, must
always be with me a subject of regret. But the ground,
on which rutin pleased to place your refusal, give me
much more serious concern. In justice therefore to my-
+self, 1 think'it right to reply to your letter. First. I
must remark, that if you had been po d of a faithful
report of what has passed in the House of Commons, you
would never have supposed that I had been the eulogist
of Sir John Copley ; I appeal for this to any member of
that house. I am sure that a very contrary impression
exists there. Secondly. You are pleased to ascribe to
nit an unrettural anti-population project. 1 fear, sir,
you have taken your ideas of my proposal to amend the
poor laws, from the err), false and wicked character that
has been industriously given of them by a popular
writer, whose motive was not that of enlightening the
public mind upon that subject, but I have reason to be-
neve, was founded on personal enmity towards me. I can
Only say,that if you are reelly a friend to the poor,and will
at anytime do me the honour to attend to the principle of
my plan; as explained by myself, I will undertake to
;gist); you that my project was any thing but an anti-
populatien, and unnatural project. 1 may be wrong (as
who may not be) in my views, but believe me, Sir, that
the most zealous friend of the most industrious and use-
fel parts of the community, has not more at heart their
rights anti happiness than myself. My object was to
rescue them from oppression and slavery, to make them.
feel that they are men, to give them political right.,
esti interests, and to make that population which is now,
*maned to labour without hops. ant& to exist epos Asti
seluctant charity dottier., harsiy.free. sad independent
. Yoer third- allitaion. I really do net understand. I:
think it is probable that some jest or sarcasm upon a.
brother barrister has been misunderstood or misrepre-
treated. If I had the honour of a better acquaintance
with you, I am certain that the reproach of neglecting
the interests of those who confide in my professional
exertions,iiethe very last you would make against use.
I am, Sir, your's, &c.
J. SCARLET?.
Milton, Nov. 25, 1822.
Sm,—Ater the letter I received from you yesterday,
I hardly know how to mention a subject of so very dif-
ferent a nature. But the anxiety we feel for Mr. Scar-
Jeti's lIIICerS3 at Cambridge, induces me to mention that
emir vote might be of great importance. I have felt
some delicacy in mentioning it, both on account of the
present situation of your family,and from knowing that
pert of •Mr. S.'s conduct has not met with your bro-
ther's approbation.. But on the present occasion, the
question is : whether the University should be repro.
Bente,' by Scarlett whom you do not entirely approve
or by Rankest, whom you entirely disapprove of. I
most-le eye it thus for your consideration, and remain,;
your very faithful obedient, MILTON.
Huntingdon, Nov. 26, 1822.
Me LORD. —ln reply to your Lordship's letter re-
ceived this morning, I think it inconstant upon me to
explain the feelings by which I have been actuated, in
regard to the penning contest for the representation of
the University. When I found that it was Mr. Scarlett's
intention to take the sense of the University by, pro-
ceeding to a poll, I considered it my duty as an elector,
to state to him the grounds on which I should decline
giving hies city individual vote; and although Mr. Sear-
lett was so obliging as to reply at some length to my
letter, I can very candidly assure your Lordship, that
nothing contained in his answer has in the least shaken
the opinions I entertained respecting his public conduct.
and although I am not so arrogant as to lay much stress
upon my own judgment, I think it tight to say, that
in reference to those opinions, I have been guided solely.
by the attention I have considered it proper to pay to
the proceedings in parliament, and that neither private
friendship, or personal hostility, have in the Isast info-
raced my decision on the present occasion.
In answer to that part of your Lordships's letter, in
which you observe that you know that part of Mr.
w. Scarlett's conduct has not met with my brother's ap-
probation; I can say n itL great sincerity, that
steeply as I feel indebted to the strong friendship and
atfecti,,n which my brother has always shewn towards
roe, he has not attempted to bias my mind on this, or
any other public matter ; nor was the letter which lad-
droned to Mr. Scarlett, written with my brother's
knouledge or concurrence. I may be permittted to add,
that althnogli I cannot consistently or conscientiously
support Mr. Scarlett, no man can entertain a more un-
feigoed disapprobation than myself of his opponent
Mr. Bankes, nor leave I scrupled to tepeess that disap-
probation to those warmly interested in the latter gen-
tleman's success. My brother has received a letter from
your noble father, but he continues, 1 regret to say. at
present so very unwell and so completely absorbed by
his domestic affliction, as to be unable to reply to it, or
indeed to take at this time, any interest on thee subject
of the election. He requests me to say, that he feels
greatly honoured and obliged by your Lordship's kind
letter of condolence received yesterday. I remain, my
Lord, Your Lordship's very obedient servant,
Totbe Lord Viscount Milton. D. B. WELLS.

TO TUE PIM ANT) INDIPENDENT ELIKTORII Of Till
CITT OP PSTIMIOROUGH.
rt did seem incredible, tientlemen, that a person who
has deserted such honest, intelligent, and industrious
constituents as yourselves, as well as that influence
