behind ioveybogk, &trig, sod Zerhst ; the French
troop• remained in possession' of those differeut
plac•••

A ersrpa of seversl thousand infantry and cavalry,
*ith 16 rannon, entnmended by Wisisingerndo, and
G..nerals Zrnck and Bet;kenotorf, refired below)
Luck ownitle and Bruck ; there n ereiu ill SOO Cossacks
on tho 180; 1,1 the latter town, but the French have
driven tht m f it.
AvosnunG. At,o. 23.—Letters received from our
office', o tin are in !;a; nosy, do not leave us any longer
doubt respecting the oar. The corps d'armee as.
semi led. near Wittenberg, is upon the point of march.
log epetl. Berlin.
: On the other side, the Vienna emits, of the 19th
Ittinatuices the renewal of hostilities. We shall wit.
gess great events.
Fe AN/Cf.)itT. AVG. 43.--The PrieffMl Grr.,efte, of
the lOtb, leaves us no longer in doubt respecting the
war.

Hams es, Ana. 17.—The following notice has been
ItabliAril bore :
" In the name of his Majesty the Emperor, &se
by virtue ef Artier, from the Prince of Ecicmuhl, &c.
hostilities recommencing to-day, the 17th of August,
the Colonel consmandirig the piece, and departmowt
of the moaths of the Weser, declaree the town in;
state of siege ; in consequence, all. 'the dispositions
orloptral and in vigour anterior to the stopension of
Irma, shall be strictly executed froatithis day.
44 The civil authorities are invireki to second with
all their power the adiltary authority, and to ezerdlo
the meat severe watchfulness is maintain order and
tranquillity.
64 tile Osterthor, Doyenthet, Beouterthor; anal
Hollethor Gates will continue to be open for the
cainmulikelivit between thetown and the suburbs;
the other gates, as formerly,• shall be immediately
clowil, and the works re-established without the
lean
14 ThP gates shall be shut half an hour befell
night, and not opened till half sit hour after day".
light.-
• • " The Colonel commanding the place and depart.;

)
t

THEILLIKIt."

.• Bremen, Aag. 11, 1813..•
lirart r, Avo. 10.-I'he Russian corps,. under
the ord.rs of 1.;e40.-Gen. Rapcewitz, which formed
the ht-ckitte of Cpstrin, selout on the Ist inst. for
attooner &vitiation ; it has been replaced by another
tcorp. of Ressler' troops, commanded by General
Ifenrich. Rapcewits, who is destined
enntmatiet the 10th Russian corps, bits set out for
the Russian hearl-tpeartere,
It is not ottl by ,land that the Dines efficaciously
the 11%1.'10, Nw priveteer' Olgesay•
filrs,4l ins, a. I.l"l,eck, took on the coast of Forneren
t.%,. Vleckleolturgh vessels:, laden with planks. A
5...,,i1i..11 ship of war, and an English 'brig, which
Iters.;••the neighboorlsood, having attempted to re-
tak• tit,oQo two veowls, the Danish Governor of Fe-
merers ordtsted some light artillery to the MO. and
,fires) upno tie chip of the line and brig. The fire
from th• :+awe: obliged the two latter to stand of,
and by that means Necured the privateer's two
W %RS tw, Auo. 11.—Count Tolstoi, a General in
Cho corvieo of Russia, on the
.afternoon of the 27th
of Jolt po..eil through Lublin for Pulawy ; he was
accompanied by Generals Wanlolday. •Kow, Rue
turbo. and M-roneyow. At Rrainesla• he met
a courier. dispatched by the Emperor; iu con.
sequence of which he appearedlo use more eZpe•

()lithe 211th, a park of Russian artillery passed
through Lull ;it wag composed of 36 pieces of ar.
tillery. There are 1500 Russians at Lublin'; they
'are tr olts of the new levy, which have coos 50
. miles from beyond *wow.
I)us.snEN, Ava. Ifin—The Duke of Basilan° is
. still in thin fonts, and dues not appear to Wake any
preparariopl for his departure.
BA. Y REI,TII, Auo. laessinita we are infnraied,
part of the troops ender the Duke of Castiglione
Lure left Franconia, to -streogthen the carpi eons.
madded by 11;uslial Gouvion St. Cyr, in the Ersger.
borg. The other diviSione are also its *lotion to ad.
ranee.

Arr. Mail. • ,- thill
1
0 ' (.lrtriis ... .l
0 . Goo robe,*
0 HA &oleo,
0

tilitteE or sTocKs THIS
rank

OAT AT 0N,14 OTLOGN.

retie, Reg!:
.3 irti Leis% Cons. 57jj
4 , er Cetqs.
5 'per Ceiv. Nays, 9741
1,1114. Ann. 11 11•1141 11.14

titan No flit.
Exclorytter Nitta SOL s'
Ditto 3 p
(l*anium 6bj 6 p ,
Court& for ice. 5711
Lottery Meter

C'
4,,

E ST ATESMAN.

LONDON:

SATURRAT, SEPTEMBER 4, ISM

' LANs Papers to He 3d of August, and Madrid
Gazettes lo the 2814 July, arrived this morning,
from uhich we have taken the following extracts:—

Malmo, Jur. 22.--By intelligence from Area.
gee, of the 17th and 18th instant, we know, Up!
Stichet sod Savarnli, with a fo►ce of 16,000 me,
.were retiring through the valley of Aran (Catalo,
uia). in the direction of Prance. On the 184,
,ragossa of the
was also
Megnininaa,
fortresses

a~s fir,

W., I

i

7=;.;

which- *meows
Imiralion. The - Marque .
in Valencia, preparing ler new and Interesting ope•

•........__
The Regency of Spain, using the- powere• Oven
them by the Cortes, fixed upon the land ink's&
Soto clo Roma, situated in Veiga de Granada, to
giv'e thegreat Lord. The Cortes not only approved
thiachoice but added to it, by Winding the land of
the Chauchinas, with the clause of its being for him
And his heirs, according to the constitution and
•.
lawn.
, . MAilal6, Joss iO.--.The prisons are filled with
Frenchmen and their partizans:
• Suchet has his hised4oarters in Caspe (this town is
ott the Ebroilit equal distances from Saragossa and
1 Tortosa). • Gelettiali Mina and Dunn have taken
the French convoy which departed frOm Saragossa
for 'France. .
After our Envoy Eztraordlnary to the Rogslan
Cosset received the oath from the Spanish troops, who
succeeded in throwing off the oppressive yoke of the
IFrenck, he addressed them as follows:-
4' Spaniards, who this day take the oath of fine.
lity to the Constitution, and the legitimate, SoveH
reign of our country, I have chosen to. make 'this
day' the Sd of May, more solemn--a day which.
I
1 forms an epoch in our nation's history, and which
' the General and Extraordinary Cortes have ordered'
to be solemnly celebrated lu all parts of the king.
dons. Now that, in a marvellous manner, you see
yourselvea free front the most shameful slavery, .sive
thanks to Divine Providence for having collected you
on the hanks of the Neva, under the august prole*.
' tion of the Great Alexander, Emperor of all the
Russias, Liberator of Europe, who loads ion with
1 benefits. - -

46 Yea will 'gain shortly cell yourselves upon the
banks of the Ebro, fighting for year religion, Mir
country, and your King.—Spaniards, think or tlio
glory you acquired in the battle of Baylen, k tip
defence of Saragossa, Gerona, llostalrichs Tarr*.
grnt, and in many other eacesaters when victory
favoured your valour.
64 Your regiment will henceforth be coiled "7*
Emperor Aksander'i Reginsene r preset-referrer
the innumerable benefits which hie hand hes deigned
to scatter among you. Maintain the glory of this
name. Render it formidable to the 'enemy. Make
him tremble. This will be easy to do en. returning
from Rossia."

i • ,

We are twitted upon what is termed toot pern.
mashy in not allowing the Emperor of AVIORIA to
have declared war against France. In what a peculiar
situation does this circumstance place an Independent
Journalist, who watches and /*Elects on passing
events, and positive information, and after ester:
cuing leo judgment maturely, gives his frank opinion
thereon. We are told, and the fact may be so, that
oar Paper was burnt in a reading.room (we presume
by as enraged Ministerialist), because we would not
allow the Emperor FRANCIS to join the Allies. We
will not tire nor sensible Readers by going over the
same reasons again for dissenting from the general
belief in glut truly important (as it world have
been) occurrence. But oar not joining in the same
positive assurances of oar cotemporaries„ does not
abate of tho advantagas our abased country or
gather :night, derive from sueh a wisbed.for wee-
.sure.

ire have acknowledged, and we can my no more,
that several concurrent circumstances did give colour
to eager expectation, licit the .event was on the
point of happenlng-7mll bow often hats the intelli-
gence, on 'many great iscidelips, set off before the
deed, but whit* is tit to be as represented, nO
time has been ifi*st in accurately asterbtining the de-
parture of the ',wrier. how many times have the
Portend Co,,fit' sines.-the battle sad victory tier
the PYreneesi declared' *si "of otrr triumphant i
army to be aCteelii. in Itiyonne, anil another portion
'of it still further is France! The reproaches made
as on this occasion, put us in mind of what, hap-
penned to .the Great FRIIIIIIICZ of Prussia,. who
sent ono of hie moderte reforming Clergy to preach
to his subjects of ifeulthatel, who, in one of his
sermons, endearottied to do away the ill effects of
bis predecessor, who bad clouded and tortured the
minds of bis ei;ditory, by repeatedly dwelling on
the pains of eternal damnation. Ills Majesty was
desired to displace a Pastor, who was about to
shake the faith of 'hearers, by removing one of
their greatest terror's, till it length being teizod to
anger on the subject again and *gain, be wrote to
i his Minister, In reply to the petitions and roman-
! 'truces, that he could hot disgrace their Curate by

the cite.l orderieg him away; bet that each Curate might bo
Bentluck,' the.; advised to allow his good subjects et Neufchatel to
Generals Roche, be everlastingly damned, if they wdnld have it so.
and . We can only say, that there wipr believe that the
Bentintk; Emperor of AUSTRIA did declare war at the time it
troops had be. been so poritirelylesierted is lime taken place,.
know , may continue, if they please, to believe aomucts. We
the enemy' cannot attach faith to the repori; tbongh no Ott
red that .sip be were wetible of the vast irePoriesice tutu as

. • M •

,

iai.
.;:10

and
the
lvfn

e given
Aio:p
, tenet' panel
'—'46 The Vienna ltazette, of the 19th, leaves et wed at under quarantine,Salled the !lope sloop
of war e longer in "daillt "tespeeting the war." • "'IL
l is cruise.
reported to be on S'. Alban's,
Noting ti p. s: .A: . • ....
the date of this paregtaph in the Vienna Graetio, it and. another e
Beet off the Start. ...
is plain what a day or two, at least, prior to its ad- * Itiestotrrti, Serr. 3.—Stilled the Portia nn a
'
oblation in that Gaut& of the capital of Auitriai, cruise; Landfail cutter, for ' Falmouth; Prii,rf
was the opinion of its author or authors on the 'Augusta, for Heligoland, with ii. victualler under
'date i affairs. Another ,article from Augsburg convoy.
countenances the received opinion we speak of. ,;... FAl.stouTtr, Seri. I.—Sailed his Majesty's brig
i *lnv, for Portsmouth ; Rorer, Parrus, for r:
After observing, that the Officers of that state,
and the Orion, Rowe, for London. ....uern.
then In Saxony, asauring them "that there could 1,1";
' ita*l„,. t • HOLY-PAST ELEVEN, P. .m.—Since writing the
be no doubt respecting the 'war, 'ends by
ing, " the neeled aseclie also announces the' .sbove, the Admit/ore Packet, from the Brazils, is
het__ arrived ; also the Princess Elisabeth Packet, in 27
renewal of hiratilitiei."— Yes, iostilities. v"" days. The Advent:lre landed her mail at
estCrot k.
those powers previciiislylat war. But Austria. was , berets six days since. She spoke his Maj v''
to be regarded as int a different point of eiewie ; Colunsbine, with 42 sail mult convoy, from Oporto;
shipli
o;
those powers.' IVitiout ii Precise declination on thel ai the wind has backed to the westward; wol shall,
pert of . the Coatt of Vienna, to annul its foliar lOwdeebto bare the lootospected Packets ia to-mss.
treaty with France,' It *as on termathe reverse of ::r,w.
hostile. The last existing treaty between France and - 'I- -,
Admiral Horeb to be the new Jos of the Ad.
Austria was offeitsiire and defensive, under certain - 4 A
stipulations, If a Declaration of War has sePer.l ..
Minot; and he is to he senior to Sr Jason YORKE.
By the way of Vienne, intelligence has heen re-
'seded thenbligations of the former treaty, when and , eeived from Malta, nine days later date than any
where was it published ?—Why is it not acted' which had previously readied: this country. The
open ? Can our Ministers derive, the smallest pre- : plagbe at that period, we are happy to learn, was
E 7 much abated.
I sent or remote advantage by it' concealment ?-There I . •
the Duke of Comazar.ann,.it is said, is expected
I need' no Austrian Minister here to countenance the i home very shortly, not having been received so fa-
tpp ica ion of each a Slate Paper. It would be de-1 mutably by foreign
hi' r powers as tnight fin-re been ex.
rived through oar Atabassider Orientoy abroad, and ! pected. In confirmation of this a number of grey
it would- behove Minister** at bathe, and not the I horses are now purchasing for his Royal Highness,
Ambassador of another Court, to' give it publicity. i preparatory to his return.
But do these 'violent persons entertain an equal 1 innth
The Lords of the Admiralty, and the Com missioners
regard with
ourselves,
for
the ,
prosperity
of i
oe Navy, set coffin a few days to suspect the Royal
Dock-yards.
their country !: The time, perhaps, is mot far at The' Ist battalion of the Royal Flames is to be
when the fact may be* proved. . Ilave they no self. [completed immediately, by a large draft from the 'id,
interested vie* in the obstreperous manner of as. iin Jersey. It is to -he remembered, that this regi-
runt,zi Cor,e's division, with the 20th whit*23d
was so highly extol.
and 40th, composed Sir
setting What still remains to be Proved ? Can any , Lowit
rational being justirimpute improper or unpatriotic I led for its gallantry
I
in the last action.
motives to us, because Ira doubt of a:lOct under the i It appears thatforty men were lately enlisted into
circumstances we bams teed,. bereft beneficial it ! the Legion, from the German prisoners of war at
might be' to our country, or' lielfstievei eragoily Portsmouth, and that only thr:v sere volunteers for
wished for? , . . • the French service : all the others being conscripts,
• . e lkitz 4T,Ce
' in adverting to our affairs in Sphin, we cannot but Two of the 'regiments quartered In Ireland, the
consider with pain that our hands are too full of war.' Nib and 70th are, we find, , under orders.to embark
While we have been sending's few thousand men to n.ff4"‘ Cork for North America. •
Germany (a few drops in the bucket oniy, lis true), _ Fltsatices,lt. certainty was '
one of the predict
Clone of Mr. Puy that France must be ruined he
reinforcements ere demanded ie theavestern part -of `the immense fabriention ef..dosignata.--What would
the Peninsula. That they are seautea, is evident be- he think now were' he reformed there is a greater
yond the power of contradiction% for otherwise Lord quantity of gold and silver sioin-isrPirris than in the
Wetttewros, active and enterptising as he has proved whole .of England.'
himself to be, would not have remained so long in a' We copy the following paregranitfroni the Was-
- •geo Courier of Tuesday last. We shall be happy to
condition as to leave just room to expect he may be * find it confirmed though the Admiralty have not re-
again attacked. Instead of Pampeluna falling, es we aired any such intelligence :---;
were so confidently told by the Government prints, it "• We hear that a King's cutter, yesterday mono.
teems now that our Commander has not been able to ing, standing into Irvine Bay, fired a gun for a boat
prevent the French from throwing provisions into it ;. to come out. The Commander of the cutter stated,
of which we were web persuaded it stood greatly
in I that the President American' frigate hart been cap-
reed. This may, perhaps, have arisen from
. tured by one of his Majesty's cruizers."—(Glargoir
1 courier.)
the unhappy circumstance of the sickly . state - At a General Court-Martial, held at Fort-Royal,
of the army. Many of the Officers of .this Martinique, on the sth January, 1813,and continued
L •
brave army, it appears, are on the sick list, by adjournments to the 11th °Cabe same month, Lieu-
and that' being the case, we cannot but apprehend tenant Malcolm Fraser, of the 6th West India regi-
ment' . was arraigned upon the undermentioned
that the men equally share in the malady, especially chaiges viz. ,_
if it be endemic:l. It-often happens that the Officer! . Ist, For absenting himself without leave from se-
suffer much less from that species of disease, than the ventl,parides, and for sleeping out of his quarters on
men, from the advantages of superior clothing, more the nights of the 6th and 7th of December, 1812, in
select diet, &c. ; but if the indisposition extends it- defiance of his Lieutenant. Colonel's positive orders,
self among the latter, we. shalt feeCadditlonal con. , prohibiting hit so-tieing, all. of which being in direct
1 violation of military discipline, and contsary to the
cerit.for the foimer. The people at home we find
- ar. -'
Articles W • '
begin to be extremely anxious to reap the 2. For disorderly end mutinous conduct on the
fruit 'of so much hard •fighting and terrible 'night of the 25th of December, 1812, in Fort Ed-
slaughter among their countrymen 'in the Peninsula. 'ward, Martinicnie, having after tattoo beating (he
They are afraid that, after all, the effect may be. being tgen in arrest on account of the first charge),
little or no better than that of a drawn fight.— encouraged two soldiers of the 6th West India regi-
ment to fight, holding a candle to them for that
Soma advances and gives 'battle, but is repulsed. purpose; and when atimonialied by Captain Verity,
The effect of that repulse -is neither the fall of Pam- the senior Officer of the Regiment then ip barracks.
Wane am, of -St.Settestian, alor the advance of our and at that time in the execution of his duty, in going
army : the assailant, though discomfited in his, de. hiserounds as Captain of the day, to desist from such
sign for the present, is not put hors du combat. No: improper conduct, ow he must notice it, he (Lien-
thing assures us he may not come up to the charge tenant Fraser) replied, that if he did report him, he
would lay a horse-whip over his (Captain Verity's)
agtiK_With additional force, and, finding his.gallant
shoulders or words to that etfect; all of which' is
adversary weaker than before, what impiety is it to highly prejudicial to good order and military dis-
apprehend that he may succeed in his renewed efforts. cipline, and contrary to the Articles of IVar. ~
3d. For having embezzled or misapplied certain
quantities of regimental necessaries handed overt
him by Quarter-Master Anderson, when he (Lieute-
nant Fraser) took upon himself the duty orthat
Officer, on or about the 20th of August, 1812, "the
deficit of such regimental necessaries, amounting ia
value to 981. sterling, or thereabouts; all of which
is unbecoming the character of an Officer, and highly
prejudicial to the service. .
4th. For highly improper conduct in "contracting
a debt.with the house of Messrs. Cohen .and .Letit
merchants, at Barhadoes, to the amount. of 4shree
hundred and eleven pounds ten shilliiigt'edrren4,
or thereabouts, between' the periods of Augli`t,
1811, ind May, 1812, giving his bond for thes3me,
and stipulating for monthly payments, amounting to
thirty-one pounds five shillings currency, ever,'
month, until the whole and every part thereof ells
paid, which he in ne one instance has performed,
such being unbecoming the character of an Officer.
The Prisoner was found guilty of the Ist and 2d
charges, and in part of the 3d and 4th; and sen-
tenced to be cashiered; which sentence has been cue.
finial by the Prince Regent. .

Detachments for the regiments in Canada and the
West Indies, were last week embarked from the
Depot in the Isle of Wight, ameenting to 1300-men,
is the St. Vincent, Majestic, Sovereign, and other
'transport*.
Daring' the absence of Generals CALVERT and
%VINYARD, Mujor4Gen. DARLISG is in attendance
-ow the _ Commander .in. Chief for Ilse Adjutant-Ge-

*fteral's Department.
Major-General XIALL, of the 69th regiment, has
been removed from the Staff of Great Britain, and ap-
pointed to the Stalin Canada.
Deputy Commissary-General Gamma, lately em-
ployed is Portugal, has been ordered to superintend
the Commissariat duties In North Britain.
IR has been officially announced from the War-
Office, that an allowance will be made to the Roman
'Catholic Clergymen who attend the forces for divine
service,
Admiral Lord Urea has left the Channel Fleet in
consequence of indisposition. It is hoped, however,
slat be ‘Oll opeeelili be risestabllibed.,

444 rev

'4'46

uta). w. tile utrecnovi or rratozo. ...PH .OR
official intelligence was received at Saragoss
evacuation of Tortosa, by the French. It
known that the enemy had blown up Metp
and that ho bad left very few troops in the to
of Lerida and Tarr►gona.
On 13th of July were in Valencia ti
• brated Englishman Tupper, Lord. Bentlni
Aftmind of the squadron, Ilallowell,Gentirals
and ------ Clinton, Mackenzie, Latbi
Smist, the brother of the General is Chief, Bt
and from the eth, Spanish and English tro
hot ceased arriting. We likewise positivel;
that Morvidcro is defended by 1500 of the
tad seventy pieces of mounted artillery;
•
•

•... . . .
. . THE WIIA'I'ESMAN
awaeammelimonsis======. . _
• . .
Isamiratismaaminkaa.,_,,
...,
- ~,
on the tSth, toe Mpeeish divisions searg94, trots
,event might be to the ailfelts ef Great •Britatei N.,''
'fr. 7.- . NitrALJNIIILtIGENCIC
, • •
weed% to cat off their cetinunicatianiondirater. event his transpired sines we expressed our doubt;-
They have: previsions for two yeah, bit 1.401 be Sid .
has been. made known that can, in the re. %At., SEA'. 3.—)krrived• the Redpok sleep of
t"
obliged to the laws which the smash tretke•Stf the itietestdegriesbecennecled withalleciatatieeef War, was', with a convoy from 'Portsmouth, which ore
2d Army, win) are those destined to form-the slip,' There was, indeed, a sodden interruptioe to . wiled
_for the River. Also arrived his frlgi"ty,s
shall dictate to thorn; the same mast be thefate of commenicotion beween the ittlperors Fewsteati. . slops Donegal and Spar. tide, from Portsmouth, and
• .. . proceeded for the !toyer inimediately.—Sailedthe
vas Active cutter, On a cruise off Fittshing.—cm d
tise pullout Ot PIS'S? PitieSioit, lied Morelia. 'ltarot.aost,,:timi posts did notairite,frimo Polite
.Qn the 16th;an *mesh ;divbioo left NatenCia i :Sea at the iseadaquarters of the. latter, air at from the River the Transit, for Smyrna; MavedrZenn,
40 are litnybritti of its destination. - The. pretopti, Dresden.. An article. in this day% Preach newt, as for Quebec; and the Leda, for the Mediterranean.
was (rpm Fraukfort,,,pf .tog. 9.5, by...the inanuer,4l.-1.
pude with. whick coticayances were furnished,porressouin, SErr. 3.—Arrived, his Majesty's
Plymouth ; and Tortoise, from the Mediterranean !
Worthy of admiration. The Duke del Parque remained worded, mild hale given rise to a strong suspicion, ship ,Snap, from Falmouth ; •Grassiloprr, from
r- tr.too,-4,1_ nranarilw its. MRS' and luterestint eper! !that Ansi& would partake'in the War. It is as fol.
