the horrid treason which at Florence induced
gators a it to select the sacred bosom of a
61 at tiii• moment of divine service, to sacrifice the
othefledicis to the fanaticism of an Archbishop?
crime. alone we ought to condemn, under what-
-11111 it twy he concealed, %whether policy or reli-
-00170,,te the pretext, whether it be committed in
c...„,,f that, i.r of liberty, ur of leFitituacy, and
iortrinereason avows, or Li ado pts.
is the virulence of party re 111 l ity,l that on the
or unfortunae victim of a furious fanatic,
trior"—hir,dit!lzs ef Ultrat Royalism betray a ferocious
"Thr a. !lie opportunity thus afforded them of per-
4, for a time, to their own purpose, an event which
wit to have procured a suspension to all political
ads'

gouts of serfitude. The late Empress, indeed, out
of ostentation, and to establish at home (from a 'pi-
nt of imitation) what was established in other more
civilized kingdoms ; instituted schools, where all
things were taught except the duties of Princes,
the privileges of the people, and the rights of men.
The students of Universities and Academies have,
however, learnt more than it was intended they
should learn. It is said of the Almighty, that it
repented him of having made man. Princes, no
doubt, regret that their subjects (ah ! bow de-
grading to call men—their equals, except in rank-1
Oa subjects!) are so much informed. All tyrants
cad despots know so well that it is ignorance
which, enforcing obedience to many false maxims,
ties the hands of the people, subjects their necks
to the yoke, and makes them submit with a sort
of reverence to arbitrary commands, that we shall
not be surprised to see more encouragement than
ever held out to prostituted scribblers, to cry down
' the virtue of the few incorruptible patriots which
now, at the hazard of their liberty and their life,
i stand forward in defence of the rights of mankind.
I—These hirelings are ready to prostitute their
pens for self interest, by vindicating tyranny and
abusing its enemies; exerting all their art 'Onekl
malice to blacken the views of the supporters of
I the rights of their fellow-creatures, and causing
them to be looked upon as disturbers of the public
Itranquillity. The most horrid expedients are
often made use of against them—dungeons, poi-
son, &c. To silence the patriots who complain
is indeed the way to prevent the people from
awaking out of their lethargy ; but the chief point
is to remove the means of extending the complaints,
by suppressing all correspondence between the
several parts of the State in which grievances pre-
I vail or are felt the heaviest ; accordingly, the elk-
mks to freedom will labour hard to restrain the
liberty of the press. Not daring to attack it openly,
these tyrants and their tools wait, and are on the
watch, for u plunsible pretence for it ; and as soon
as such a pretence is offered, they seize it eagerly.
This unhappily has now occurred in a neighboun-
. lug kingdom, which will be made, and which will
be quoted, as an example, and as such furnish a
pretext for outrageous and unreasonable measures
LONDON: of severity.
MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 21, 1820. The whole European press has been censured by
---ses--- certain writers on the slot where the assassination
DEPHEi.sION OF THE FLIENCH FUNDS.
of the Duke de BERRI has unhappily taken place;
The letters by the French mail of this morning,l
and what would not have been believed some years
gi%e an shinning statement of the feelings of the' .
c.
, an Englishman, a r. os k-riter, a puriste, a distri-
pmple in that capital. The Funds. that fell It per
buter or dispatcher of Couriers, attributes the
NIL oa the lint information of the assassination .
;crime to the writers in defence of freedom, end rie-
ilk Duke de Berri. rose almost instantly again, cordingly would consent to, nay, recommends the
asipebe eepreesioo thes the object of the aa-
rilying the wbote peen at the• nicety of a eessoro,,U,
Pula vir.s merely for intik ideal wrongs; but, on !
' These wretches (for, to the disgrace of England,
as examination into the affair, such serious combi- we have many of them,) rise up like demons against
nations of a political nature have been discovered," every author whose writings are calculated to
that the alarm has seized the money interest, and I keep up the spirit of liberty ; and they denominate
the Ftaxis have consequently fallen 4 ~er cent ; I every performance
is laid openlll44 , wherein the craft or cor-
they were done at 74 f. 10 c.: but the last account nil) - -bon of the administrators of affairs
to the public. They shall not do this unresisted,
States, that they were at 70 f. 10 c., and the market till the hand which now guides this pen perishes,
es very gloomy state. The exchange is conse- ,or is palsied.
firstly risen in favour of this country one per
• rest

STATE OF IRELAND.

Tv county of Galway continues in a state of gtest
. _

tiowo FED. 12.--It is with great regret we state,
.6,,,,,,ierab1e alarm has been createsl here by a party
;6, gibbets banditti, who made their way into the
adern mbar!), of this town, on Thursday evening last,
0,1 gmlfe a ',Timber of people.
Fait—The report which so generally prevailed of
tbe gibsopmen having maile incursions into the east
nbstls of this towo was a fabrication.—((onageght
Aura?)
moat thirty Ribbonmen made incursions • few
iglus since in the eeighbourhood of Annadown, in the
mity of Galway, lint were spiritedly resisted by Mr.
jolty CAM, ef Woo Ipark.
Ws. }En. 11—' hie of the nights of the last week.
(Ma number of Ribhounien assembled for the per-
oi atta-lring a small party of the police which are
"timid in the county of Roscommon, and, if possible,
to pat them to instant death. Their plan was (ros-
tra:4. sal one uf their party kil!rd, and three woundel.
Three son wounded were secured by the police, and
well in Rope& iiiii on gaol.—(reams Gazette.)

MA
Am 111: N.
i PlNia
. lisluriuril
s Gstrusry sad Jersey
I lettraburgh
111sm'Argh I

ILS.

AIR.
I Holland
1 Fltinarra
I Franc..
O I.l,bott
U Malta .......

*e r.

RU OF STOEKII THII
yt ttt.•A Mit
jot lent. Red. 1119111
'rifest. Cm's, etliti
ism cent. 771
prtest.. 57:if
/prat Nays iu.l4 I
lag 3-1(1
hp.tpor Cod. ',fin.

DAY !IT ONB O'CLOCK.
India !Stock
Ditto Ronde 11.. lie. N.
Old %noodle,
Es. Hills. 211. Is. SS. Is. N.
Ditto t'om.
(Minium
01:1. for tr. Dili
Lott. Ticket% .tt3 es.

ebe Ittatcliman.
ST ITEGIIIIIIe. IS 1% .%TIED WITH " TVS
STATZSISA•.”

We have this morning received a file of Charles-
ton and Virginia Papers to the I 6th January. They.
however. contain not one word of important news.
One of these Papers contains an interesting expe-
dition of Yankee to procure ice. We shall give it
to-morrow.

STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.

The Funds remained pretty stationary during the
reminder of Maturday afternoon, and closed at 6t41
fw the Account. This morning they opened at
G 3 t, buyers, and went op to 6M ; they afterwards
declined to 68k, which is now about the price. The
continuation from Account to Account increases, it
haring been done at 7-16, which pays nearly 6 per
emit.; this leads us to conclude that the principal
operators are bulls for the Account, which is on
Friday next, in the event of which money will be-
come scarce: it is, however, very plentiful at pre-
seat for short perods.

A Brussels mail arrived at a late hour yesterday
evening. The following extracts will be interest-

We have said, that the political events of Br
rope were likely to roll on in rapid succession. I
The one which has just occurred in France,
from its nature, be productive of many more. De:6-1
tense, the chief enemy to the rights of mankind,)
W its support to ignorance. That ignorance
which has so obstructed the sight of the people,'
Ind Prevented them from being acquainted with
their own rights, and vindicating them, is, by the
discovery of printing and its consequent diffusion
Of knowledge, about to be removed. Emperors,.
Kings, and Princes, sea the tendency of all this,
and therefore they are laying their heads together,
again to blind the people, by depriving them of!
the ordinary means of keeping up or acquiring'
~
knowledge. It is impossible to say what crafty de-
/ices are not at this moment contemplated by the
heads of the members of the Holy Alliance, to
°PPose the progress of learning. We shall not be
eirprised if some of the above Potentates should
be prompted to try to banish science out of their
dominions, or prohibit their subjects from travel-
hag into foreign countries. The rigour with which
the Czars banished the sciences out of their em-
Ore, and prohibited their subjects from travelling
into foreign parts, without an expresui permission,
very much contributed to continue that gross
ignorance in which the Russians still remain, and
that ignominious slavery which disgraced them,
141 the present generous Emperor abolished the ri-

N.irAL

The following extract of i feeler Naitic)
New Providence, dated the 131 h January, west
oeived at Lloyd's this morning:—
" Accounts having reached this, Aid I private*
schooner, with a Spanish felucca as her prat, was at
anchor at ("reef' Key (a small island in this vicinity),
the schooner Primrose, of thii port, wet manned;
armed, and went in pursuit of her. This vessel sncreeded
in taking the felucca and schooner; bat the men made
their escape into the woods.
"The Captain of the Primrose, not considering him-
self authorised to land his people In pursuit of them,
returned to port. His Majesty's schooner Speedwell,
Lieut. lirary, having in the mean time arrived from Ja-
maica, proceeded immediately to limn Key, in hopes
of being able to secure these people, hot on hip arrival
it w•rs found thry had pnt to sea in their boats; *which
the Primrose very inconsiderately left behind On the
beads. They are said to be twelve in number, and will
no doubt 'mire on any small vessel that comes in their
way. Three men belonging tn this place have been
taken up and put into gaol, on a charge of aiding and
abetting these people in their piracies."

"JAN. 15.—Since the above was written, the whole of
the people belonging to the piratical vessel have been
taken on Andros Island, %herr they landed in their
boats, and reported themselves as seamen belonging to
tilt American vessel that had been cast away on the Ha-
-1/11/11.1 bank. Having helm h►onght to this place to-day,
they were soon identified and lodged in gaol."

Dr it., Fee. 211.—Came don!: from the River yester-
day, and sai!eil, the Brilliant transport, for the Cape of
Good !lope ; Argus, Booth : Africa, l hristie; and Mor-
land, Ball, for Jamaica ; Fair Ellen, Amlcrsoes; for N-
ide; Elizabeth, Carr, for !trailer; Broughton, Elwood,
for Dam ; John Dougan, Leggett, for Trieste;
Charles, Fournienti, for Caen ; Ocean, APNil-
lap., fur Jamaica; Pigott, Thorn, for Tobago; Whit•
ing, Murray, for Constantinople; and Mary, Willis, fur
Havannali.—Also sailed, the Aurora, Pearson, for the
Cape of Good hope.
PORTS AIOUTII, Fee. 40.—Arri red yesterday the Thetis,
Middleton, from London for Jamaira.—fame into har-
bour the Regulus, Smith, from Spithead; Lord Mul-
rave, Molhat, trim Woolwich ; and his 31ajcsty's ship
Grecian, from Spithead.—Arrived to day the Marshal
Blucher, Davis, from St. Michael's; and Chesterfield,
Wood, from Ba%re.—Sailed the Two Sisters, Pearce, for
London.

lIARwIeII, Fan. 20. Arrir et! the Lord Caetlereagh
paelet, with a mail from Holland.
PLTS:CIVTH, FED. 19.—Arrived yesterday the Bide-
ford, 31`Namara, from Lisbon.—Sailed the Mary, Bos-
well, for the Western Islands.—..rrired to-day the
Sylvia, 11111, from St. Michael's ; Horatio, Snow, from
Charleston for Havre ; and Thomas and Ann, Custance,
from Charente for London.—The Britannia, Sharp, from
Shields for St. Helena, was off the Start on the 15th inst.

Sturm Stimuli, Fin. 19.—The Friendship, Thosup-
son, of Loudon, in coining down this rit er gut on a sand,
which occasioned her to wake • good deal of water :
she ♦a bean rot .If again, and an maw only gee
inch of water per hour.—The Thomas Alice, Matthews,
that was un the Herd Saud, has ben got off and brought
in here, in a damaged state.

FALMOVIII. FILM. lS.—Arrived the Sally. Lowry, from
; she spoke on the 16th inst., to die westward of
Scilly, the Clio, Wilson, from London, (or St. Vincent's.
—Sailed the Fox packet, with a mail for Jamaica.
PORT ULtsuun, Fan. lS.—The Helen, Carlyle, from
Ureenoi•k to Jamaica, got on shore at Ardgawan, a little
below the (lunch light•house ; she is bilged and full of
crater; her cargo is expected to he saved damaged, and
the sea.sel may be gut off. if the weather prore mo-
derate.

LucLaroot., Fan. IL—Arrived the lleorge kPlntosh,
Kelly, from Bahia, sailed, t 3th Der.; blargaret Rock,
from Nassau, New Providence, sidle,' 16th Jan.;
Deorgia, Varliant; William Penn, Hamilton; Illinois,
Futteki ; Favourite, Hart, from Savannah ; and 'floomas,
Murphy, from Valparaiso. sailed 215th Sept.—Sailed the
Martha, Sketchley, and Manhattin,Tarr, for New York;
Jasper, Crakes.. for Boston; and Amidst, Leeds, for Hal-
tisuore.

ing to our readers:—
Bel'aeltLe, Pen. It.—" The events in the South of
Spain excite general attention here, as well as in the
rest of Europe. It appears certain that the French 1;o- JAMAICA AND SPANISH Anteater.—We copy the fol.
vernnient has given orders to assemble an Army of Ob. lowing from an Halifax paper :—" The mistakes (re-
servation, which will extend along the Pyrenees'from the quently fallen into by Editors of periodical publieutlons,
Mediterranean to the ocean. It is asserted, that the have become almost prurerlsial. Even those newspapers
Powers who signed the Holy Alliance take a lively in- published in the city of London, notwithstanding all the
west in the tranquillity of Spain, since, if it were dis. advantages which they possess, and all the care, labour,
turbed by the revolutionary spirit, very fatal conseqnen. and expanse bestowed upon them, often term with most
ees to the rest of Europe might be the result. egregious, and, sometimes, ludicrous errors. Who
" The arrival of couriers at Calais is very fervent, would expect, in that enlightened metropolis, to bear
woe going to London, others rousing from London, on fears expressed lest a atop be put to the shipment of
their way to Paris and Madrid." firs from ILsrbadues ? or, of ships built in Weal
" FaArtvonv. Pan. Il.—We learn from Vienna that Britain for service on the Lakes in Upper Canada?
M. Cevallos. the Spanish Minister, has received from his —The style of au Addison, a Johnson, or a Uibbon,
Clovevensent several extraordinary couriers, with dia. I is not required, nor can it be expected, in a hasty publi-
patches of the highest importance, which are supposed l cation, that must go abroad into the world at a cer-
to be relative to the revolution in Andalneia. He has tain hour—feir of fish hut surely, he who undertakes
communicated the contents of them to Prince Occur. to mere), intelligence, political or commercial, to the
nirh, and his had conferences on three successive daps putille, should be careful to make himself at least toter-
with that Minister and many foreign Ambasaatiors." ably well acquainted with the general outline of the
The Duchess of York continues to be confined great theatre of the world ; the situation of different
by indisposition; hut it was said, yesterday, that her countries; their commerce, connexions, views and into-
Royal Highness was a little better. Sir Henry tfalford rests; nor will a mere dash or flourish of the per apolo-
gize fur any deficiency in requisites so essential, mid
has attended her every day since yesterday se'nnight, ex-
e-rot Saturday. Yesterday the Duke of York left town whirl' can he so easily obtained.
fur Oatlanils. " tVe were yesterday amused with some curious opi-
nions of the Editor of the London Courier on the sub
It is reported that Lord Palmerston will shortly
be called to the upper House ; and Mr. Manners sect of the lose of the traue with Mexico, rim Porto Hello
and Panama. He very sagely remarks, that the trade be-'
Sutton is named as a Candidate for the University tween this island (Jain.sica)aiiil ico, aerobe the isth-
of Cambridge, instead of his Lordship. mus of Darien, ' bad fallen awaytto pothing, since the
The Lord Chancellor had an audience of his Ma- +ogle by Cape Horn has been so Hersh fermented I'
jesty yesterday. I The Courier must be either singularly deficient in gee-
Yesterday Divine Service was performed at the graphical knots ledge, or he must have taken a lesson
trout the First / or i.ralty, of who.
we lately
King's Palace, in Pall-mall, by the Rev. F. W. of the Adm
heard a curious anecdo`e—That having ordered a man
Blomberg arid the Rev. Dr. Stonier Clarke. of war to prom d to this station, he sent, the following
On Saturday, the Ditches. of Clarence visited day, for her commander, and very politely apologia
the Duchess of Gloucester nt Gloucester-house. for making a slight deviation from hiscourse to Jamaica,
Yesterday the Duchess of Gloucester visited the directing Ishii to leave a dispatch at St. Ilelena I How
'King. Porto belle and Pertain tare points ,i . iaterraptios' tal
. overhead intercorrse between Mexico and New (woad's.'
The Gazette of Saturday contained an Order in Conn
we leave to the Courier to explain! Hut it is most'
ell, dated Feb. 17, directing the Lord Archbishop of
Canterbury to prepare a Form of Prayer and Thanks-
likely that the article was intended to draw off the pub-
giving to Almighty liod, for his Majesty's recovery he attention from the consideration of the want of ade-
from his late dangerous sickness.—The Porto has dare (Polo protection to the trade in the South Seas, owing
been published. to the very trifling navyl farce stationed there—we be-
The Duke de Herr% a short time previous to his disco- liev• only one small frigate, for a coast extending 3or
lotion, said, addressing the lho•heot—" In order to die i ONui) miles, sod sometimes requiring months to enable
(
happy, I mast expire, toy dear Caroline! in your arms." , them to r? from one point to another of that immense
Such were the last words at their parting interview. territory.
