THE STATESMAN.

MAILS.
Aii. WA. Alin. sot.
I. • ..Doblin 0 0....VhA1501. ...... I
I. ...Waterford.. • 0 0....1imb0 .. . ..... 0
I. • —0 iiresey 0 t....reess• ......... 0
1,...1. bon 0 0....11
smare..z....l
I....Gottenborg 0 0L.....__:. •Malta. 0•••*••0

.CE OF sTomei THIS DAY AT ONE OVLOCK.
.ftrA Pisa ...210 211 2101 I Ez.Blll.lld.
.......... 10001.
9.Ctenns.. . 72111; I --MK. SS 17spin.
Si we Cont..'4.4k 93 --Small —lll5. 17s pis.
*per Cents. • 940 I LotteryTiekets ....OE. IN •
New Fears : .....96t 97k 971 Con.for • •••••76iii
Lone Pont 1944 -

Vie *tattontait.

FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 18, 1823•

PARLI A MENTA RY COMMENTARY.
IN THR Loans—Lord OUT asked some very close
questions relative to the late neguiations, particularly
that question, which we have so often uked ; namely,
What business bad the Duke of Watuatcrox at Verona,
at all ? He got no answer to this question. It was all
•along asserted that our Ring did not form one of the
Holy Allies. But now we bad him with a I/Bolster at a
Canoes* of these Allies. Lord Ow gave notice that he
shcadd !novo fer copies Who Austrian, Rumian and
Pcdiseas answers to the lineations proposed by the
Fusels. „ These aterecisely the thinge tohich we wanted
,Phi.; bin Lord Museum . said that he should oppose
the. producing, of them. Prom these we shonld have
sari itehatirettY Allies these gentlemen were. However,
• there *net be something come out now :—we shall get
afrtiefogoeuktion relative to this shocking transaction.
14iiititi1`odee Or Comoro, there was something sp.'
pinacidag towards those signs of men being in earnest,
witch we witness so often in the French Chambers. lt
Was a eight of nights., It was the night appejoted fur
the re-actlig of that piece which has been on the boards
'now Or jest three and-twenty years; namely, the CA-
T IfOLIC Q VEST lON. Scores of times have we had to oh-
'terve, that nothing npon earth should induce us to sit in
the House while one of the discussions of this thing was.
• ping on. Last night was the night appointed for Mr.
PLUNKSInt bringing it on, be who, only last year, went
into office and joined those who bed for theee-and.twen ty
years been opposing these very &aims Y Before the dis-
cussion came on, therefore, Sir F. Bunts err, speaking up;
on a reation in favour of the claims, took occasion to sig-
nify his: resolution not to sit in the House and give his
countenance to such, as he called it, despicable farce, bor-
ing this speech,Sir FRANCIS tonched Mr. Comma, who
appears to have been rather raw last night ; se that when
Sir FRANCIS rose to go away, Mr. CANNING jumpast op,
and interrupting Lord NUGENT in a speech that he was
making, said that he could not suffer the Honourable
Baronet to go away, without flatly denying the state-
ment, which he bad beard that the Honourable Baronet
had attributed to him. After this, Mr. CANNING at
down ; but when Lord NUGENT had done, he rose and
explained his meaning to have been, not such as that
ascribed to him by Sir Faarects Burners.—Trifling,
however, was this little delder of Sir FRANCIS BURDRTT,
compared to that which Hr. Barteenue bad in soak for
the back of the Right Hoa. Secretam Mr. Baouonaw had
been speaking of Mr. Kum Kerr ; after which, he proceed-
ed thus, according to the report in thaforning Chronicle:
" Whatsoever eight be the conduct of the Righbeen. t Honour
he
" able Atternereeneral for Ireland might e
" had devlate.l from his former professions ; and he (Mr. B.)
did not say that be had, let the Right Honourable Seers-
" tart' for Foreign Affairs (Air. Canning) have come for-
,' ward at the most critical moment for this question, end
" for his own character, when the question was, whether he
" should go to India into honourable exile, or take Mlles,
" and not submit to his sentence of transportation, but be
" condemned to hard labour in his own country (a laugh);
" and doomed to the torments of divided Councils, sitting
" with his enemies, pitied by his friends, his hands chained,
" and tied down in all those lines of operation, which his
" own wishes and sentiments would induce him to adopt :
d—
" let us take that critics' moment when his fate depened
" on Lord ChaactUor Eldon, end his sentiments on the ea-
" tkolie Mines ; if at that critical moutent, he who had
• said last night, that he wonld not truckle to the Mber
" for New Strum (Lord Folkestone), should have exhibitedem
" the most inereditable specimen of monstrous trnckling.
" for the purpose of obtaining ate e, that was ever furnished
" in the history of political tergiversation —
Here Mr. CANNING rose, and said, " I rise to say that
that is FALSE!--Goo4 Goo! 'The reporter says, "a
" solemn silence pervaded the House."—lt was awful!
—The Speaker, after having taken a little time to reco-
ver hims4c, expressed his sorrow that a gentleman, hold-
ing the high rank and station of the Right Honourable
Secretary, should have so far forgotten the respect which
was due to the dignity of that station, and of the House.
—llr. C.sstratteo begged pardon of the Noose, but de-
clared that no consideration on earth should induce him
to retract what he had said!—The talk about this
matter continued for a long while. One Honour-
able Gentleman had given another Honourable gentle-
man the lie, as we vulgar' people call it; and
how this was to be gotten rid of, it was verydiffieult to
discover. A great deal of pains was taken to make Mr.
lkougharn eat his words, which he very ingeniously
avoided; Mr. Canning endeavoured to make it oat that
be did not retract neither ; but he did ; and he really
was beaten.—Oar readers will recollect, that we ex-
pressed oar apprehensions of the Right Honourable Gen-
tleman's want of temper: to be sore, it was a most tor-
menting tickler it was spur as well as a whip; but
these are trifles to what the Right Honourable Gentle-
man will have to endure, if it should please (ion to
spare him for two years longer.—We have no room
at present for further comment on this lively trans-
action; to which, however, we shall not fail to
return on the first opportunity. After this was over,
it was II fine sight to behold Mr. PLUNKSTT rising
to make his motion about Catholic Claims. The mo-
snent he got up, Sir FRANCIS BuaorrT, accord-
ing to his previous declaration, got up and marched
off, and a whole crowd of members along with him.
On went Mr. PLUNKETT ; and all that was said in answer
to him, appears not to have occupied ten minutes. A
motion was made for adjourning the question, which
was lost by a great majority, then a motion was made
to adjourn the !louse, which was carried by a great
majority; and time the cetestion,, without being de.
tided, was ot rid off. We dare not take the liber-
ties which Members themselves take in calling this
thing a farce; but fully what we are to call it, if we
do not adopt the language of some Members, we know
not.

Lisbon papers to the 6th instant have reatted usn,
morning, the contents of which are interesting and satis-
factory. In an artiste of April 2d, it is stated that the
last despatches of ()leanest Rego are.dated the 29th Os.
lb did nut mention any thing of importance, except that
the factious are retreating, and that he himself divided
the forces under his command is three brigades. He was
marching in pursuit of the enemy, and would leave Ansa,
route on the 30th. proceeding by Carnpia to Villa Real.
According to private accounts, it seems from the direc-
tion taken by the rebels, in their retreat, that it was their
intention to concentrate themselves In Mirandella. The
Diario of April 5, contains two short notices from Ge-
neral Rego, dated Villa, the 31st of March and, lit of
April. They state the continued retreat of the factious
at the approach of the Constitutional troops.
ICOVAL SITTING OP TWS COSTS!, SARCEI 31.
lilt Majesty having been introdeeed with the tonal cevel-
monies, and hiving token his seat upon his throne amidst-
the enthusiastic salutations of the persons who tilled die
galleries, a profound silence succeeded, and his Majesty
spoke as follows:
" Gentlemen.—The labours of the present Legislative
being to cease to-day, according to the Constitution, I moms
to rejoice with you at the wisdom and patriotism which yett
have shown in the legislative measures which you have
Judged necessary for the execution and progress of the COO-
stiletto's, and for the security of civil liberty. and the
'establishment of order and public tranquillity. which the
spirit of faction dared to disturb in one of dm exinwrities of
the kingdom.' • ,
" This cireutastance so *Riding to my paternal heart,
offered at the same time an irrefragable testimony of the pu-
rity of the Constitutional spirit, and of the patriotism of the
rester part of the nation, as well as of the spirit and firmness
with which the Representatives &towered to the confidence
of their constituent'.
" Yes, Gentlemen! show to the nation, to its worthy re-
presentatives, and to the whole World, the just and conso-
latory declaration that the great majority of the kingdom is
faithful to the oath which it took to the Constitution, and I
every Portuguese who is worthy of the name, that in the
same manner as his King would rather lose his life than dis-
regard the sanctity of his oath, and the dignity of his cha-
racter, to any one or his subjects, who should Nil to follow
his 'temple, would be the object of his eerain indignation.
I do not fear that the criminal'attempt of internal or external
wales will prima against the ge %oral will of the nation,
I regret, however, that the shortness of the time, and the ac-
cumulation of business base hindered you from passing those
organized laws relative to the Court of Just*ce, the finan-
ces, &c., on which the progress, and the consolidation of the
Constitutional system depend.
" I, therefore, under these circumstances, consider it
necessary that the National Representation should be
speedily united round the throne in the form determined
by the Constitution, since the public security and the
perfection of the system require it.
" I hare now, gentlemen, only to promise to you,
as well as the cation, which you so worthily represent,
of a co-operation in the cause of national liberty, as
faithful and efficacious as my sentiments are pure, of
which I can offer you no better pledge than my conduct
and my character."
The enthusiasm of the spectators burst forth in the
loudest transports at the conclusion of this speech, with
cries of " Long live the Constitutional King, the Cortes,
the Constitution, the Roman Catholic Religion, the So-
vereignty of the Nation, the Portuguese Army, and the
Portuguese who prefer drath to slavery."
Silence being restored, the President returned a snit.
able answer, in which be especially complimented his
Majesty on the firmness of character which he had dis
played under the difficult circumstance' in which he
kingdom had been for some dine placed. lie particu-
larly alluded to the revolt of the Prince Royal; and
spoke of the slate of Brasil—the conduct of France in
at tempting to overthrow the Constitutions of free nations,
as if it desired to overthrow social order in the whole
Peninsula, to have the barbarous pleasure of ruling over
slaves and ruins;—and he also spoke of the attempts of
a perjured faction in the kingdom itself. He expressed,
however, his confidence that the cause of the Constitution
would finally triumph over all its enemies, both at home
and abroad.

-..—.......----
Another set of French Papers to the 16th instant, have
strived. They contain nothing of importance or inte-
rest with the exception of the following paragraph:—
It is said that a Council of War bad been held at the
Army, in which it has been determined that before cross-
ing the Ebro, siege should be laid to Pampeluns and
St. Sebastian, before which places it was originally
intended only to leave a Corps of Observation." This
determination, if really taken, acctkonts for the prolonged
stay ot the Duke of Aegis*leme at Tolosa.
FRENCH FUNDS-, APRIL 15.—Five per Cent. opened at
84f. 10e. ; highest, 84f. 60c ; closed at 84f. 50c.—Bank
Stock, 1530f.Netipolitao Five per Cent. 72t—Ex.
change on London, one month, 25f. 65e. ; three months,
25f. 45c.—(Coure Authattique, April 15, 11323.

STOCK EKCKANOt, 12 o'CLoex.—Consols opened this
morning at 763 i, at which price they remain steady,with
very little doing. The Express from Paris has brought
the French Rentes at 84., 60. ; Spanish Bonds, 34i.—
Private letters from Paris state, that they have accounts
from the Army of Spain to the 15th, which acknowledge
that St. Sebastian and Pampelana are in a better state of
defence than was expected, and that Mina acts with great
Generalship, and marks his operations so that the French
are obliged to be very cautions not to wend too much
their line of operations. In Paris the opinion is, that
the French will experience more difficulties in Spain
than was first imagined. No news had been received
from Toulouse or Perpignan.
Foastcx MARKET.—Spanish Bond. experienced a de.
pression this morning. At one period they were done at
2Z91.291, 1•
Chill, 68—New Spanish. 2111—New Prnsslan.BBl-014,
—Russian, 73—Danish. 8-4—N eapolitan. 7i--Colouthian, 64.
•

American Papers have arrived th is morning to the 25th
March, from which we extract the following :
Vast LAI'S /ROM LIMA.—The Brig Thessalian has ar-
rived at Baltimore from Lima. At Lima the greatest
disorder prevailed. Nothing but robberies and disaffection
among the natives. Foreigners were murdered with im-
punity. A mass of Government papers has been issued
which bad depreciated 50 per cent. So disorganized is
the Government of Lima, add so perfectly unable to pay

the Military, that the road is completely infested with
robbers. The Royal troops ender Canteen wereabenst
40 league from Lima in considerable 'force, and fears
were entertained, be would be in possession of Lima.
Pisco and all other Ports to the Southward are still
in
possession of the Royalists. The forces under Valdes
are about 5000, and those under Conterac about 7000.
The Supreme Junta of Peru, his decreed that Don Mon-
teagado, Secretary of State, and Minister of Foreign R.-',
lotions, is for ever expelled from the Republic, as a
traitor to the Republic.
nom LA9IIIRA.—By the Fox, arrived at Baltimore,
we have received the Iris of Venezuela of the 20th
The Fox, which sailed from Laguira on .the 20th ult.
and touched off Porto Cabello on the 19tb, states that
General Pau had completely succeeded in cutting or
all supply of water from the Spanish Governor. Be
bad 4000 men under his command.
The Kingston (Jamaica) Papers of the 25th of Feb.
contain a proclamation of General Montilla, placing part
of South Americas coast under blockade.
Farm Cozonsta.—By the schooner Convoy, from Ja-
mie', we have advice, from Snota to the last of Dec.
Col. Todd, authorized agent from the United States, ar-
rived there on the Sittli of that month. A Bogota paper, in
noticing his arrival, says the civil and military authorities,
and the towns through which be passed, manifested every
sign of pleasure, being the first foreign agent who arrived
there. It appears from some proceedines which trey out
of despatches from the late Mr. Zea. that he bad in his ne-
goelations In Europe, transcended the powers with which
lie was invested, but the Government seemed disposed to
fulfil the eogigements he had made.
