Tilg STATESMAN:

gulatti oflices of the nature of which he:, and he
imilievaa.the House, were-wholly ignorant.
Lord -HOLLAND must support. the Bill, meroly
,on account of the stage in -which it was. Theob-
servations of the Noble and Learned Lord were so
strong as nett() be resisted, as far as,tbe details were
concerned; but they (lid not go in the smal!est,de-
gree to affect the principle. None but those, there-
fore, 'Oho said -that the principle was wrong, and
that Sinecures ought not to be abifiliShed, could con-
sistently oppose the Bill in its present stage:
Earl DARNLEY was of the same opinion. He
thought that no Administration that refused to recog...
vise the abolition of Sinecures as a principle, could
carry on the business of thecountry to advantage at
the present moment.
Earl GROSVENOR thought it unnecessary; for
him, after what had fallen from his Noble Friends,
to trouble the House farther. He only hogged it
might be Observed, that not a word had beet( at-
tempted to be said in opposition to the principle of
' the measure. .
The House then divided, when the numln-rs were,
For the second reading now . . . 8
Against it
-• Majority against t..c Bill —.27
The Bill is accordingly lost.
The Bills brought from the Commons were we-
rally, read a first-time.—Adjourned.

second time. A division then took plate) wiles Oil
numbers %%ere—

the greater part of the inhabitants of teat country
belonged, and the Catho:ics of Ireland forming a ,
C 040,1111 • /0
large majority of the population of that country, it li
Not Contents • ' • • 3l
was evident, that a very large majoiity of the pope- I
The Bill was accordingly thrown out:
lation of England, Scotland, and Ireland, were non- !. Oil resoitering tho House, we found • • •
conformists. He trusted; therefore, that he should'
i Lord HOLLAND upon his degs.—He begged to
not hear one argument against this Bill used on for- ask the Noble Earl opposite (Liverpool), whether,
sner occasions, that the majority might to hind the by rejecting the Bill brought in by Earl Stanhope, he
minority in matters of religion.' Proceeding• in the meant it to be understood that nothing would be done
quotation of old Statutes, his Lordship dwelt much tie Government with regard to the disabilities under
upon the injustice and oppression of those enact- which the Dissentetslaboured ? if so, he should feel
menu, the object of which was, to compel persons un- it to be his duty, however unequal to the task, to
r a heavy penalty to attend cettrch on Siam:lays and
submit to the House some proposition upon the sub-
Holidays ; and not merely this, but persons were ! ject.
rendered liable to a penalty of 101. for every servant l'
(lid not go to church, for every vi The Earl of LIVERPOOL replied, that he felt
in their house that
e ' i not the least difficulty in informing the Noble Baron,
sitor also, and for the servant of every visitor. After "that he was thoroughly convinced that some altera.
quoting several other enactments in vartoes old sta- i tion of the existing laws is absolutely necessary, and
tutes, enforcing sit!' snore oppressively the other Ihe would add, that the subject had most seriously
provisions pn the seem su'ijert, he proceeded to ad- I occupied the attention of the Cabinet, and of himself
duce a variety of instances of absurd ennantents in ;
Old statutes, amongst otle,rs seine in the reign of individually. Every person at all acquitinted with
the subject, would be aware that many difficulties
Eliza( et;:, that certain kinds of fish should be eaten
(la) s, and that the :
on garlic ells- fish should be II were to beevercome, but his Lordship hoped in the
a - , course of a few days' (although he by no Means could
eaten 1. sfe : e tasting meat, without fraud or cezenage. i pledge himself) to bring forward a Bill to apply a
It was also eleu.tc(l, that flesh should nut be eaten oe i
particulat days a:snout a licence. In the reign. of: remedy to the evils now complained of."
James I. it ea,. cins.:tod that no persons should enter- I . Lord HO.LLAND observed, that whatever objec.
bons he might feel to some of the details of the mea-
tain evil Tints, or feed them with fish. flesh, or ye- •,
sore just dismissed, yet no Bill to be •proposed the . HOUSE OF COMMONS;
getables. Another curioes enactmcet eats, that a Noble lark
would
satisfyhis
man :Arndt! be deemed guilty of bigamy oiso married', emind, unless I were s Mr. Irvin', from the office of the Inspector-Gencral of Im-
't by1
• founded on dm same principle. i ports and Export+, presented at the Bar an Account of the Du-
two wives, or one widow. Another enactment in- j
.. - ! ties on Foreign Williber, for the year 1811.-Orderod to lie on
mtanced was, to prevent women from leaving this : - SINECURE BILL. the table.
country because they were popishly inciitteds nisi Fart GROSVEN OR mese to move thesecood read- i The Committees cm tie Frame Work Knitters' and the Army
Lorti.s:dp a!so dwelt much upon:the subjectof ex. • lug of the Sinecure Bill.—His Lordship feltit never- : !rt‘tottagis, of Supply and Ways and Means, were postponed
communication, iestuecingaevariety of enactments, i• sary to preface his nsotiim with a few remarks upon till
: The [Deaf Militia Amendment, the Fait India Troops, the
aid GII.IOIIS of the Church, reipectistail, for the pur- the subject/ and in the first place he thought that Poor Return, and the Starch Bills, pas.ed through Committees,
pose of shewing their absurdity and ° injustice. He : some expiates-non was duo to the country, of thede-
e
: unTditieheAllencitmionrts were ordered to be received to.toorrow.
Duty Bill was ordered to be read a second time
thought that the repeal of the enactments he had ley which had taken place since this Bill was Web- !on Tuesday neat
mentioned would do no good,. whilst the power .of duced into the House ; with a'view to put an end to i Sir F. BUR DETTpostponed his motion respecting Mr. Flet-
cher till serene:clay.
the Ecclesiastical Court remained with respect to et- it, he now rose to advance it another stage. ,It was .
: The Scotch Assessed Tastes and the Irish Stamp Duties' Bill
communication. He related an anecdote of a Noble a much more clifficalt task to anticipate objections to: werereaci a third time and passed.
Lord going to an eminent painter to desire him to the Bill than to answer them, because it was so bine- 1 LANCASTER GAOL.
paint a fool, and the mistioner proposed was this, to ficial in its principle; and so comlilete in its details, I Sir F. BURDETT began by observing: that it
paint a man getting over a park paling set oche that he could scarcely imagine that any solid-argil.; would not be necessary for him to detain the House
tenter hooks, whilst an open gate was near meet could be urged against it. The principle had ' very long, though the subject was one of the highest
him by which he might have entered. lie been supported by the often-quoted authorities of importauce, as it respected the safety of every man
would propose to paint a rank ideot its Coke and Hale, and by the provisions it woukl be in the kingdom, but more especially Close un fortu-
the following manner: to represent him getting seen that a vast number of useless places were hbo- nate persons who, for their crimes, were placed uts-
over a peek paling set with tenter hooks, while he- fished, one-twentieth part of which were absolute der the protection of the law ; and those still more
fore him was a wall fifty feet high which he could : sinecures, no official duties being discharge& It
unhappy wretches who, waivers s ime, were impri-
tot get over, and on one side an open gate by which • might be said that the system of pensions proposed to soned for debts, frequently incurred through necessi-
he might enter without tialiculty and avoid the wall. 'be substituted, was unpopular eto this he would reply, ty. This latter class seemed mere peculiarly sub-
Now what he meant by this was, that the paling set ! —lst, that it was not so unpopular as the system of •ject to rigoroes treatment, as the gnoless had .iii in-
with tenter honks was the statutes he had quoted, I sinecures ; and 2d, that pensions never could be un- terest in their confinement, and set a Eric.: on, their
the high wall the ecelesiastical•,juristliceion, and the ! popular, if properly applied to the reWard of maim- indulgencieg. 1:e almost. regretted tint the nature.
open gate was his Bill, contaiaiag a short enactment j rious services. It might be insisted that the Session of his question *mil . not safer him to move an
declaring the liberty of relisious opinion. The sub- i was too far advanced to allow this Bill to be come- Enquiry into e t`•- Gaols throughout the Kingdom;
jeet of uniformity, his Isnrilship illustrated by an 1
i niently passed.—lle should only answer, that it but as Isis attention had been called to Lancaster, h'e
anecdote of the chnr,.: clock with four faces in Vete- , could be never too late to accomplish an object of held it to be his duty not to confine his information
'RIM, Cavendish-square, which on passing one day ! the utmost importance. she opposition uniformly to his pocket, hut to present it to tits IL use. In
he looked up te, 'e observe the hour, and observed, . nilorded by Ministers to this measure arose from ahisduty 'sedid un pleege. himself,
thus performing
that on one of the faces it was fire o'clock; but hay- fixed determination on their parts, to resist every to the truth of h t e stn, etteels wide.. he should pre-
ing an angular view, he saw that the second face species of Reform, not only its this but in every sent; the responsibility must rest on his asformers :
pointed at a gamier past five; thinking this very : other system of policy: it was to this they owed but he trusted that the House would think that he •
oit dd, looked at the third .h L face, and found that to air present stations, notwithstanding the claim would not have been justified in nut bringing for-'
Point a hit' past five ; this was odder still 2 Ihe ! the country made, that men should )e provided more
ward such s •
charges. lie heard, ' ' el from
looked litUel.-
looked at the fourth nem, and found it was three i adequate to meet the arduous circumstances of the the most competent atelsoritv, Olt if any gaoll was
quartets post five. Advei tietz to a variety of enact. ;times. ' -
superior to another for its regelar and humane ma. ,
Talents respecting the h sok of Comm:m Proyrr, hist 'fhe question was then put that the Bill be read a nage that gaol .
meta,
Lordship oh4erved upon the ditforencrs that existed • secost! time. • •
the general goodcharacter of Mr. Higgins Du la
bi the copies of that book, as ;.iilitishesi by the MO- ' ' file LOlaD CHANCELLOR did not think the not to have any weignt te prevent an investigation
eeriities of Oxford and Cambr;dr I , stating that they present a fit occasion for discussing the respective into alleged facts. What
he !sad to state
mwas divisi-
aounted to tooo and odd. Ile (Noted an opinion ' merits of rival Administrations into inistrations ; indeed, the subject , ble
three
parte; as it nth the Magistrates,
of Lord Maiisfw:tl, delivered in giviug judgment in had already been sata,fs.ctorily decided. The Noble the Gaoler,
and the Coroner; which latter officer
en appeal in that Douse. statigg that eonscience.was Earl had asserted that she present Ministers were uni- was not regarded with that attention which his int-
tht itireenublato human law, or controemete ey tate , form enemies to all kinds of reform; such was by p"ortant duties, involving every man's safety, de-.
man tritlentab.,. and urged this in support of his Bill,' no means the fact : they opposed innovation, until it :ma ded. The lion. Baronet then observed, that
the °bite( of taitqj was, to give :away of eoesciee t
ee was fairly proved to be beneficial ; and refused to de. heMagistrates had shewit an undue haste in their
and the right *of plicate jedgmcnt in matters of reli- ! stroy a system which for ages had secured happiness, •
i endeavours to exculpate' Mr. Higgins ; and he corn-
glen without itsterrnption. His Lordship avowed ! until t were established that mare happiness by a
mooed at great length on the resolutions entered in-
Mattel a decided enemy to toleration, because it im- ' change could be produced. With regard to the Bills to by the Magistrates at Lancaster on the charges pre-
plied that certaie iteLvidusls acre prositteci, as a' before the House, the object of it was now obvious, i
(erred against the gaoler. yheir mode of investiga-
matter of favour and sufferance, to at orship their i though the measure itself, in many parts, was ,
' tion was 'unfair, and similar to that pursued when
treater its the eay they deemed proper. It ac- , scarcely intelligible. His Lordship's objection to it 1 he
t enquiry was instituted into Coal Bath-fields pri-
knots hedged the right of those who panted tolera- i was, that it contained hardly a clause that could be I The gaoler was examined separately, and then
lien to he', if they eleased, at any time intolerant.: executed; the c.'al title should have been, " a Bill • s.
the prisoner was brought out and confronted e ith
rcr this reason he had always vendee-meal and bated
; to sweep away the whole power of the Crown, to ;him. No wonder that the prisoner should, testier
the stattete of the 29th Charles 11. and the Ist Wil- I grant any rakes of any kind, at any time." This
ist.uch circumstances, feel too much terror to abide by
lihm and Mary, r. 13, 'weans:: they were edit:li To- ' wise measure. as appeared by the schedule, /was to its first statements. This case bore also a tesemblancel
leration Acts : in his LortlSl.iii's neieites, what was ' destroy no less than 325 platen. Of these the No- to that of Mr. Aris in another respect : there was a
called toleroion on!) riveted the chains of religions ''ble Earl (Grosvenor) had asserted one-twentieth were sort of family compact its the prism' : the sons of the
slavery. One Mr. ‘Vat.Smith had lately been dabbling , siikeentes. Where that information was obtained he
gaoler Were the attorney and the surgeon attached to
in these matters, bur no. with muds success; lie pro" could not tell, mid he would not take for it the bare the gaol. This appeared to afford the opportunity.
peed by his Bill a completely new system, at assertion of any mass. Such a Bill as that, the se- of improper connivance. The Magistrates had stated,
sing to which, licenees were to be emitted, tun on . only nand reading of which was now moved 9 never met the
that after an examination, the charges were all fri-
to a man to re see but old wouien were net even . eye of any lawyer that haul lived
s since the establish- • •
volous and malicious ; and had accused part of the I
allowed to say their payers without it—people were meat of law. His Lordship proceeded to shew the isoners of insubordination, while they praised the I
not to be allowed to exercise their asters! rights, • folly, impracticability, and inutility of the Bill. Not d rest in cosnin forward to bear
manly
con duct of the g
without permission from Mr. W. Smith. Thequantity • satisfied with interfering with offices in the appoint- ,
, testimony to the character of the
gaoler. 'fhe value I
of licences Tesiaired would he innumerable, and its anent of the Crown, it went on to deprive the .
of this latter testimony could not he very great, given
would have been a great improvement of the scheme, Courts of Justice of those facilities without which by persons under the influence of the gaoler, and i
if Mr. Vansittart had thought'of making it a very the greatly increased business of those Courts could among whom, it was stated,- small sums had been
fruitful source of revenue, by imposing a Audi) duty , not be can ied on. The fees too, of which the offi- distributed. As to the charge of insubordination, he 1
of ss. or 10s. on every licence ; the produce would cers were to he curtailed, were not, as they ought,
,had heard a circumstance that proved, that no great 4
be incalculable, almost as much as the tax proposed to find their way back into the pockets of the op-
, care was taken td preserve order in the prison. He
by a Learned but Humorous Bishop, who said that pressed, and, in general, poor litigant, but were to understood that oaken boeglis were introduced into'
he could point out to Government a mode of raising form an addition to the Consolidated Fund. • There ;the gaol, for the prisoners to wear on the triumph of i
a very largeesum of money. Of coutse all the Mi- . was one absurdity, which, above all others, seemed the gaoler over the charges male against him. There'
misters were eager' to be let into so advantageous a ' fate to the Bill as it now Stood, and which seemed! were other charges agninst Mr.' Mates) affecting thel
secret; thinking, that they .personally- should be re- interwoven in the measure, namely, that on the death
, health of the prisoners, of which the principal was,
lieved of sense i-e the burdens they. were in commou ' of any one person enjoying a sinecure of WOO
'.the not carrying away the filth and menu& of the
compelled to sustain ; but the reverse was the fact a-year, it was in the power of the Prince Regent
to gaol for four days; the inn sulierieg coals* to be in,
and they were • not a little distapkwitsted, and it drew' grant an annuity to the amount
prescribed,
not .to tr„,i,„.l • and bribery
clown their faces to an enormous length, when the !ONE but to ALL the persons in the 'fable A, of wham '.'"---"'; .n the of the turnkey, who ,was
allowed to extelleete himself on oath. The. Sheriffs
Prelate informed them, Mt he suggested a duty up-' many might now be found in that House ;so that in- dI '
sabeen appli••d to; hafteferred the charges to the
onAdultery and Fornication. [.4 laugh.]-11is Lord- , stead of a saving, g, agreat increase of expenditure
ship would not detain the House longer, although the ' would be occasioned. As to the nt l' • m awn or reduc- .Magistrates; two of whom he understoodwere relatives
. of the gaoler. Another charge ties, that Hayes, one of
question was of the greatest, importance. Ile con- don of Cursitots of Chancery, and Illness in the'the men who cameroms ard i n testimony or the good cha- j
jured the Right Reverend Prelates well tc weigh the Common Pleas he would' venture to assert that net-
subject, divested of those prejudices which they rm.' ther the Noble Lord (Grosse nor), e it .00r., _Or others who .
' respect of the gaoler, had forged the mune of neddon, a I
rurally cast into the scale: he addressed them not •Proposed the Reform in the Offie ' es, knew at all what ralle debtor, and siguetlikto the paper drawn up
only on behalf of the Dissenters, hot on behalf oe the nature of the office IS
s was. e concluded by erne- 'by the debtors. But the most serious charge was
the Protestant Religious. And for the Dissenters he' big to omit the word " " '
now, and that the Bill be
- one contined its a letter-lola to•hiniself (Sir Fa
might address address them its the eloquent words of St.. Paul, : recede second time this day three months. ~ dett), In •aa
prisoner foamed Jacob Wa'rdle. It stated,
when before Agrippa-ac Would to GOD that not 1 The Marquis of DOUG L X.S spoke favour i that horrible cries were heard to proceed from the cell
only those, but all who hear use, were not only al- the Bill,• in of , of one Jens .s Rawlins' who seemed to he testier the'
not that be did test Ml' there were objet-' 7
most but altegether such a one as I am—except these t. I unmerciful flogging of the turnkeys; that his shtielm
tonal) e features in it. Let times oil' •'e t a however
howls." Eis Lordship -expressed his gratitude to which were not sinecures I • •? of " murder! kill 'Me!" were Itearal at •intervelm
. be St: !irk out Of it, and ,
Heaven that there was now moue prospect' that " these Jet• during several hours, till he was removed toe disistit
the abolition of those which were really .
kends" would be broken.. Be the consequences , wholly sinecures, and i cell whence his tries *ere feebler. The it was re-
.,
be carried into effect.
what they might, ho would be one of the first to at.,i Lord I ported the man had strangled himself eith a stock-
'REDPSDA LE -could t •
tempt their destruction. no agree that the ing, whites, from the comisseti state of his arm., np-
. . . ~i mere reduction of tire salaries of
The question was thee put, that the 'Bill be mad '
!Se Ways led to economy. • Thepublic °einem al- peered to the letter-writer impossible. The pri sown;
present Bill' went. to re. was a liinare 4 d_f- A • est of
I 7 eon ne or murder. n •tnqu
••. . .

six poor debtors, and six stone-masons • employer! i„
work about the prison, sat on the body, but !Aker,.
was no nakedinspection. if there had been such a:,
• exposure, two persons who laid him out said that it
would appaar ho was a mass of congealed blood. ii,,
would not dilate on this case; but he thou& th.l
llouse-would agree with him, that it Wit? PelThs:ity
to investigate such a charge. In corroborz;ion 0•
some of Inc minor charges, the lion. !4-trt. read k
Jetter from a prisotter for debt, named John Spe,:icc,.
and attested by Fletcher, Phill:ps, and other psis...
ens, stating, that John Spencer having:had up• mi..

fortune to break. his lea, the son of the „anger
called in to- attend him ; hut he pi fornie'd e:!.
so badly, that the cl.ponent wished to
surgeon. This was refuse:l ; and beeaese he
to make a modest remonstrance, the prison a.
lowance was withdraw:l, and all inf eicour,2
with :his own son brbitiden. Ile
lame ever since, on account of the ill-mac7y.
meat of his leg. Whether these facts were
ill-founded, he could not think the good cl.-tra,•lct
of the gao:er a sufficient answer to thein,
as Mr. Higgins had himself demanded an enquiry i:ito
his conduct. The Hon. Baronet then ente. ed
long account of Horsham gaol, founding his aiser.
tions on the authority of the Rev. Mr. Bingham, who
had been tried and acquitted on a favulou • charge of
arson at the Sussex Assizes; but in the courw of his,

observations he was called to order by Mr. Dent, os
the ground of the irrelevancy of the remarks to tae
subject before the House. Sir F. Burdett acquiesced
in this opinion, and said he should, on a futk r oc.
casion, bting the general question of gaols before the
House. His object now was, that there should La
an Address to the Prince Regent, to order a commis.
sion of enquiry into the state of Lancaster gaol.—
, Though on former occasions this method of investi.
gation had proved to be useless, a though he had
reason to be jealous on ac. count of the proceedings
of the commi.Nion appointed to investigate the state
of the7prisons in Ireland ; yet, as the present Nliais.
tern, aulike ary of their predecessors, seemed wil.
ling to court rather than suppress enquiry on the sub.
ject of distresses and abuses, he would recommnad
and more this mode of p ocedure, in full confidence
that it would not be abused. lie then maned as
Address to .the Prince Regent, for a CommisFion of
Enquiry ,into the conduct of the Magistrates and
Gaoler, and the state of Lancaster Gaol.
Mr. DENT secontbd the motion.

Mr. W. BOOTLE went into a minute statement,
to sh..w t:iat 6; charge of suffering filth to remain
too long in the prison, was frivolous and unfounded.
'The Hon. Gentleman then read several testimonials
of the
.Magistrates, and the resol u•io n of 114 pri-
softer% cenOncd for debt in Lancaster Castle, all
couched in th, warmentterms of praise of thegaoler's
character. Having goge through chic ..i:ain of eel.
dence,, which he OR M& it necessary to submit to the
House iri tavern- ~f.Mr. lliggias, thegaoler, bethought
it necessary to assure tne tiotute. that tile gaoler tas
noxious for a most accurate enquiry ; but. though it
was by no means his (Mr. Bootle's) wish to shut !lie
door against well-founded complaint, yet it shoald
be considered, that the time of the House was most
valuable, and ought not to be wasted in the investi-
gation of charges brought forward on loose allege.
tions.

Lord CASTLEREAGH said the Hon. Baronet
had certainly shaped his motion so
.as to make it the
least objectionable that it could be made ; but in his
opinion, if the House were to acc.de to It, the Hon. Bart.
and the public would not derive from it that adran-
tage which was wished and int nded. He thought it
would take up a great deal of time to no purpose;
and as it appeared to him impos,ible it could do any
service, he hoped the lion. Baronet would withdraw
his motion, as he would not wish to negative it.
Mr. BILOUGHAM said, that having on a former
occasion borne his testimony in favour of Mr. Big.,
gins, the gaoler's, character, he had since, as he
foundithis motion was persisted in, made further en-
quiries concerning it, and had received from several
most respectable persons, his particular friends, ac-
counts which in every respect confirmed the opinions •
ha had before given, and shewed that Mr. Higgins
was a man of great humanitf and liberality. Ile
thought, however, if the House shoeld agree to the
enquiry, that the Noble Lord (Castlereagh) was mis-
taken respecting the • commission doing no service; ,
for if it were granted, the Commissioners might, in
his opinion, take notice of all matters -relating to or
which had occurred in the- gaol since Mr. Higgins
was the keeper alit, though not specifically mention-
ed in the motion.

C

eir
tal
10

Sir C. Bk.: iIItELL spoke opine' the motion, and
vindicated the Som.,: Magistrates for adopting the
prison dress, which lie insisted was usefpl and pro-
per.
Mr. CREEVEY spoke highly in •favour of Mr.
Higgins's character, whom b knew well : but said
he should vote for the motion. because he Itiought the
enquiry world be of admit:lgo to Mr. Higgins.
General TARLETON said he wished a.r
gation, but he thought this would 1... an incouveni- '
ent time to brieg it forward; he should, therefore,
if the motion were now pressed, 'vote against it.
Mr. BLACKBUILNE said a few woNls, but in so
low 'a toue we could not rlistinetlf 14aFhltu, 00 as to
ascertain the exact purport of what he said.

. .
Mr. BURTON thought that if the Aldtion was
agreed to, it would encourage the.bringing of frivo-
lous. complaints before the House. If any grievances
existed in the Gaols of the country, there were may
Statutes through which an easy and elf.Ttnal redros
may be obtained.
Mr. LOCKHART and Mr. MARTIN, of Gal.
way, made some observations, they intruding to sup-
port the motion, in the event of Goverm In not con.
senting to accede to institute enquiry themselves.
• General TARLETON explainer.

Aft.'FOLgY contended. for the necessity of en-
quiry, and the most expeditious, and 'the more pre-
ferable mode would be by Commission.
Sir F..BURDETT said he would not withdraw
hii motion, because the Noble Lord had pot pro-
posed any thing in lieu of it. • It was true, the stafe•
ments on which the motion was grounded were not
made on oath, burthey came from persons whom 113
personally knew to be most respectable as to charac-
ter, and in every way highly deserving the credit of
the House. The motion was a general charge to
draw on an enquiry into gaols, and which would in-
volve gaolers, jurors, and coroners. lie had taLcf.

TIIE STATE
.................7__-_„..,..-- _.._.._
ii t,„ plias in his power to investigate the bUsbnoss, Sees tel useless contests. War Is, at present an art, the combs-
, seed to bring it prespe"iy before the House. The poor mitionscouor:vhinirehn Imo
tre.t awthrrpriliticati. attempt The
mat to
sr.*,
,r tor imps, tont ease was the man who died in prison. cured lacers in Europe, is to compromise them as isuawuPert,-to.
a; It had heet proved that the man had been beaten— RacriZatokrtokr
.10/nlciattras.
to perceive
~..whollar7. teaohtifisht.ttehne.diesittiteel..-the 1
N war
j that his cries had been hoard by 40 of the prisoner! i die inutility of their 'norm, in fact no toner Carr
i for debt, even at a considerable distance. The against the purses of the creclolous Catalonians. Whenever they I
go theytie impose, even make private individuals arbitrarily
h slates of the tu o toruke) a were John Bright andw sums have they not drawn from the lultabit-
the rrisonertr taken at Carton's,
r John Cooper; and another man who helped to hold ants of Caledonia.
te
of the deceased, had received on his arm one of the 1
monM4Pilun 0, S.mge A 6.-Amenf
a blows intended for the deceased, whih fell so heavy, r 0„, and the de Prudes, important
el to Deneralwrialhlasetge;
that his aim was obliged to be bound up for several; vernment will probahliv I.‘blisb. The Negro/ Gaut& yeester-
t. ells; afterwards. These were things which good tr 'rfrirtna 41. the r oretinertiiis Gazette, and i hick' sad=
.. Ammeter would not and ought not to do away, and haughtily and severely, ekpremrs bls nnfavoull et titis
rabie o of tbe
',4 which loudly called for enquiry. Ile must therefore Duke del Infoatalo. Marquis, Villa Vicencio ma ma c
.1
chess his motion, unless the Noble Lord would, as
re . tlrt:enit'Lme ZblieLotador thehasaeggeireyn.pro•Bagagliergliail liallistallai
I. .t... 4.1 liven suggested by an Honourable Gentleman Consionudcr of an army ;he reproaches O'Dminel=eltitiki he
1
d u.iniol him (Mr. Martin, of Galway), promise to
.:fha an,rother inwti)n:ifstriem to place
himself ricrLirbere the ambn! !
take it up, and bring it before the House at a future apparent: he indirectly reproaches th;lßeemeaheidaorithairlaesilluiau. is I
a riot,. his army destitute of every thugs. Here the Editor of the lia: 1
3 Lord CASTLEREAGH explained, and observed, drill Gazette oiwerves,Bollasteros bas never wanted any
thing since collections mere made for him hi E
. that ho should be very happy, if the Honourable eo-at the twe be carried off all be met-carne, Melyt:
✓ Baronet would withdraw his motion, to receive any and succeeded, by his pillaging, to ruin a district OW countiy.
✓ communication from him oat of the House, and to , wittotwet d;tiedegfrtileomletratdizej, injury
ath:ep
.Fliefreaeh
we."
ietAn intrvidual,
as the case might then seem to re- ',wrote situation. The Regency is nem utelypwithhOent the type i
I take such steps: Officers, and even Generals, am obliged to go from home -to
I quire. house to beg wherewith upon to subsist Under pretext of
II Mr. BOOTLE and Sir C. BURRELL severally
,building barracks for their troops, the English have exbassted
aim('
. opt • . the Immense depots of excellent ship timber which was in the
Cameras arsenal ; they bare taken away wood tope waft of
II After some further chniersation between Mr. W.
OW. 11, ,000.
t Smith, Mr. Manners Sutton, and Mr. Dent, Sir :
1 Francis Burdett withdrew his motion, upob the un- ' -
An. Mak. Due.
I derstanding that the Government would order an en- I
I quiry to be instituted. 1
I COMMITTEE ON THE EAST IND' k Mt. LOAN . A
0
Lisbon . I
Upon the question that the Speaker tihould have
I Chair, IPRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
I Air. WALLACE rose, and entered into a suns- ' Rook India Bonds 45 ea
' 9 per Cent. Cons. Katherine!: Bilis 3ad. pm
wary detail of the state of the Company's Alain, • 3 per Cent. Red. 56i a g Ditto. Sad. 4 pr.
with &view to shew that they were not in such a con.' 4 per Cents. ilai Ominous lilla pr.
divines as could make it at all hazardous on the Part ; 51. oPo7t Cent.
a . 144111 v YIS -16 Consols fur Acia.s7jo
Lottery Tickets
of Government to advance the Loan required. Al. ' '
ter a variety of further remarks, he moved that the -- - - --- -- --- -- -
House should resolve itself into a Committee on the t THE STATESMAN.
i
East India Loan Bill.
-
Mr. CREEV EY conceived, that instead of having ! LONDON:
Indian accounts stated viva yore, those accounts I
SATURDAY, JULY -1, 1814.
ought, ie the absence of the Budget, to have been
--aswo---_
brought forward in the shape of resolutions. At al
time wnen the country was so severely pressed, and i It is confidently rumoured that Government are In
in the opinion of many persons, the loan lately con-' possession of etc vices from Lord Wmaateerow, of date
tracted for would be the last which it would he able . four days later than the accounts brought by the last
to raise, he would not consent to advance a large Lisbon Mail, hi which it is again Mid to be his Lord-
sum to a commercial Company, who had fulfilled
ship's
intention to proceed to Salamanca, and that his
none of their engagements to the public, which eii-o
gagements bird been the tonditions of their Charter.
Ile had arrived, on the 13th ult. within
Ile then entered into an historical review of the Com- ! ten miles of that place. We cannot:vouch for the Re-
play's atliiis, for the purpose of chewing, that they 'curacy of this statement, as neither the contents of
bad declined ever since the Company became terri- ! the dispatches to the 10th ult. nor of those said to be
feria! sovereigns. He declared he thought the Bern- '• recently received, have been allowed to transpire.—
liiteau had been dearly purchased, for It was imme- i The followirg letter, however, from an Officer of
•.'ately subsequent to that event that the Funding
b •
'teen, the Bank, and the East India Company, our army in Portugal, gives some colour of truth to
'
~te established. To support the first every man • the report, that a considerable movement was me-
w; s taxed ten per cent', the second 25, and the tat- ' ditsted by Lord ‘Vemasrcrros :
ter very considerably, in a variety of taxes. ~ PUEBLA DE AZARA, Joins 9, 1812.
The House then divided, I 4. We left Castello Branco on the 2d, and arrived here, within
_ _o_ _e L...... 1 -....r...• .r. A. nth Th. CU deh nowt bah divi-

For the Motion . . . . 38
Against it . . . . . 9
In the Committee Lord A. HAMILTON opposed ,
the seventh clause, on the ground that it pledged the i
country to the responsibility of the Company's debt.
Lord Castlereagh, Mr. Wallace, and Mr. Vansittart
defended it, and contended, that the Company was
the best ally which this country ever possessed.
Mr. Howorth and Mr. Whitbread supported the!
objection, and commented on the language of the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, who had observed that
the credit of the country was labouring.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER.
then replied that he had not meant to say the re-
sources or credit of the country were materially im-
paired.
On a division there appeared,
For the Clause . SI
Against it - - 16
On our re-admission we found Mr. MAURICE
FITZUERAII) addressing the House, and pressing
the second reading of his 13ill.,respecting the Tithe
on Potatoes in Ireland. He did not expect to carry
the 13111 this Session, but his immediate object was
to have it committed, for the purpose of circulating
it during the recess among the Irish Clergy.
After a few words from Mr. MAN,rERS SUT-
TON, on the suggession of Lord CASTLEREAC
the further considetVion was postponed till Tuesday
next.

The other Orders of the Day were then disposed
or, and the House adjourned.

FRENCH PAPEiCS.

KaNu:nano, dcms JR.—The Emperor yesterday reviewed,
is the plain of Konigsberg, the 7th division of the ht corps
d'armee. Several Polish regiments, which formai a part of it,
were in the finest order. His Majesty expressed to Prince Rad.
civil :.is satishetion with the bth regiment, which that Prince
tensed.

It is confidestly rumoured that Government are In
possession of ac vice.; from Lord WgiutecTow, of date
four days later than the accounts brought by the last
Lisbon Mail, in which it is again Said to be his Lord-
ship's intention to proceed to Salamanca, and that his
advanced-guard had arrived, on the 13th ult. within
ten miles of tint place. We cannot vouch for the ac-
curacy of this statement, as neither the contents of
the dispatches to the 10th ult. nor of those said to be
recently received, have been allowed to transpire.—
The following letter, however, from an Officer of
our army in Portugal, gives some colour of truth to
the report, that a considerable movement was me-
ditated by Lord WZLLINCITON :
" PUEBLA DE AZARA, ivrts9, 1814.

4' We left Castello Branco on the 2d, and arrived here, within
a mile of head-quarters, on the 6th. The 9d, 4th, and sth divi-
ions are to take up their ground this day—the remainder of the
cavalry, Ist and 211 divisions, to-morrow. Weare all ready to
advance at a moment. Gen. Btts is following our route, bat
when be is to join I know not—perhaps before wo advance—and
the 12th is the day which general expectation has fixed for that pur-
pose. We alt believe implicitly, that we shall have a dash at
Salaasanca, where the French are fortifying all the streets, con-
vents, &c. and after that, we Ave to rraLA Madrid. nA now
begin to understand why the vast depots at Ciudad Rodrigo and
Al.neida have been collected—there are, at least, one million of
rations at the former. Next letter I hope to give glorious
tidings."

SEVUV. MAY 30.—Ws ate informed that the movements of
tie Turkish army continue. Tice head-quarters are yetat Scrum-:
la. The (hand Vizier is to set oef from theme when the Asiatic
troops, who are in full march, shall have joined the army.
Several oorps have arrived on the right bank of the Danube,
and weepy it from Pt Szistowa.
Vhints, Jorer 11.—The armies in the Duchy of Wanaw are
is continual motion. A great part of the French and auxiliary
troops have paned the Vistula at Grandents, Thorn, and lineb,
and approached the (metiers. meal Rowniecki, commanding
th"dvanced guard of the Grand Duchy, has advanced towards
T•rgespol, an the fh•g, opposite Bizese. The Salon troops
hare taken the num direction, and General Berke la beyond
the Wiepes.
Daszotar, Jost 11.—The heed-quarters of the Viceroy of
Italy have been removed to Soldau.
Galena, Jona 14.—The French army in Spain and Catalonia
has just obtained the most highball success. Marshal Suchet,
Duke of Albnfern. has defeated the enemy near Alicant Gen.
Manuel Mathieu has beaten Lacy and the Baron de Emile..
*ear MatoreU, in the department of Montserrat. General Hen.
riot has permed the Brigands more than a doses leagues from]
Lerida. and taken from them the only piece of cannon they
?mewed. General Lantarque's division failed in taking Mina's
at Saaciloal ; he saved himself in his shirt. General Expert bus
feint 80 prisoners, ahnoet all Oaken. Among theta is a Co-
lonel, a Liestemat-Colonel. and Mina's Secretary.
l'heee is o sensible angelionalon in the situation of Catalonia.
The Coital/abut is recovering from his prejudiees. The torches ,
• af fanaticism are estiagoishing, and hatred diminishing. The
whole of Amytardan, a part of the department and the Ter,
Z 1 ,111°4161 or tbe FAIO, are submissive, tranquil. and happy.
coo in whkh, for the that lime, we lave penetgated,
do not Sy at ear approach • thee feel that their
Andy enemies are thew wbe wish to nip this b 7 "Seen

Paris Papers reached town last night to the 25th
ult. The only circumstance of importance which
they communicate is the arrival of BONAPARTE at
Konigsberg, where he was actively engaged in re-
viewing his Polish troops in the neighbourhood of that
place on the 15th. Nothing has transpired by which
we can- judge with any accuracy of the state of the
negociations betwixt the Farrell and the Russurt
Emmons.

At a period when the people of this Empire have
been deprived of all those invaluable privileges,which
their forefathers vainly calculated they had secured
to 'them et the Revolution, we scarcely expected that
Ministers, who had already rendered themselves suf-
ficiently obnoxious by their unconstitutional and op-
pressive measures, would have ventured on so dan-
gerous en expedient as that of suspending the Ha.
beat Corpus Act—the only security which the peo-
ple have against the encroachments of the Sovereign
on their personal liberty. It is true, that by the
Great Charter, it is declared, " no freeman shall be
taken or imprisoned but by the lawful judgment
of his equals, or by the law of the laud ;" but his-
tory affords us sufficient proof that all Monarchs
who reigned in this country, were not equally dis-
I 1 posed to respect this important recognition of the
1
subject's rights. Under the reign of the Ttreons,and
' particularly in the beginning of that of the STI7 tars, I
personal liberty was grossly invaded. Daring the
sway of CHARLTS I. when writs, termed HabeasCor.
pus, were issued, the Judges, though then- entirely
dependent on the Crown, were forced to declare,
that they could not, on these writs, either bail or
deliver a prisoner, though committed without any I
cause assigned, if his committal was by the special
command of the Kuta, or by the Lords of the
Privy Council. This Abuse of power was attempted
to be corrected by the Bill of Rights, which enacted,
that ne person should be kept in custody in conse-
quence of such imprisonments; but the alas piac-
tised in the examination Of these causes, completely
defeated the object of the Act. Another Statute
was parsed during the mime year in which the Star
Chambir was abolished, by which it was fixed that
- the examination and legality of the imprisonment
should be determined within three Court days.
—But this was also evaded by the &minim:co
of the Jells* Irkit saattlotled the practice of

fa r .

THE STATESMAN,

the person who detained the prisoner, waiting
for a second, and even a third writ, before bringing
him up for examination. All these artifices, says
DE LOLNE, at length gave birth to the fatness act of
Habeas Corpus, passed in the 21st year of the reign
of ()KARL= 11., which is considered in this country
as a second Great Charter, and has extinguished all
the resources of oppression. The foHowing circum-
stance, which gave rise to this Act, is mentioned in
the State Trials of that period :—One FRANCIS
JENKS having made a Motion at Guildhall,in the year
1676, to petition the Kiwo for a new Parliament,
he was examined before the Privy Council, and af-
terwards committed to the Gate - house) where I
he was kept about two 'months, through the de-
lays
made by the several Judges to whom he ap-
plied, in granting him ,a Habeas Corpus. On this
circumstance BLACKSTONE remarks, that " the op. I
passion den obscure individual gave rise to the fa.
mous Habeas Corpus Act." This observation was
quoted in terms of ammendation by Jaatus ;
and DE LoLnu observes, that it is " well worth
repeating a third time, for thelust idea it conveys
of that readiness of all orders of men to unite in de-
fence of common liberty." This famous Act—the
bulwark of our personal freedom, when threatened
by arbitrary power, provides 1. That the period al-
lowed for bringing up a prisoner, shall not, in any ,
case, exceed twenty days.-2- The officer and keeper
refusing to deliver to the prisoner, or his agent, with.
in Ida hours after dereafid, a copy of the warrant
of commitment, or shifting the custody of the prison-
er without sufficient reason or authority, to forfeit
1001. for the first offence ; 2001. for the second, and
be deprived of his office.-3. No person once de-
livered by Habeas Corpus, shall be committed for the
same offence, on penalty of 5001.-4. Every person
committed for treason or felony shall, if ho require
it, hi the first week of the next Term, or the first
day of the next Session, be indicted in that Term or
Sesdon, or else admitted to bail, unless it shall be
proved on oath, that the KING'S witnesses cannot be
produced at that time ; and, if not indicted and tried
in the above period, he shall be discharged of his
imprisonmeat.-5. Any of the Twelve Judges, or
the Loan CHANCELLOR, who shall deny a writ of
Habeas Corpus, on sight of the warrant, or on oath
that the same is refused, shall forfeit severally to the
party aggrieved, five hundred pounds.-6. No inks-
Meat of England, except persons contracting, or
convicts praying tole transported, shall be sent pri-
soner to Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, or
any place beyond the seas, within or without the
KING'S dominions, on pain of the party committing
the offence, forfeiting to the aggrieved 5001. to be
recovered with treble costs—of being rendered unfit
for holding any office of trust or profitl—and of be-
ing imprisoned during tho KING'S pleasure, or for life,
and forfeiture of all goods and rent of lands.
Such is the suhstance of the stipulations of this
admirably constructed Act—an Act which no PRINCE
on the British threne has ever dared to violate. The
existence of all Acts, pre-suppose a power in the
legislature to amend, to suspend, or to repeal them,
when circumstances render this necessary. The sus.'
pension of the Habeas Corpus Act, however, has
seldom occurred in our history, and the reason of
this is obvious, namely, that the predilection of the
Crown and its advisers, at all times, to encroach on
the liberty of the subject, is too apparent to require'
any new stimulant. It is mentioned by Dc Lot.mc, as.'
an instance where extreme caution was exercised,j
that at the time of the invasions of the PRETENDER,
assisted by the forces of hostile nations, the Habeas'
Corpuo,Act was suspended; but even here the Exe-
cutive Power did not of itself stretch its own autho.
rity. The precaution was deliberated on, and taken ,
by the Representatives of the People; and the de-
taining of individuals, in consequence of the ans.
pension of the Act, was limited to a certain
fixed period. Notwithstanding the just fears of in-
ternal and hidden enemies) which the circumstances
of the times were calculated to raise, the deviation
from the former course of the law, was carried no
further than the single point we have mentioned.—
Persons detained by order of the Government, were
to be dealt with in the same manner as those arrested
at the suit of private individuals : the proceeding,
against them were to be carried on in a public place ;
they were to be tried by their Peers, and have all the,
usual legal means of defence allowed them, sack
as calling of witnesses, peremptory challenge of
juries, &c.
[We shall take an early opportunity of-returning
to this subject.]

It is said that letters have been received from the
Rio de la Plata, which state,. that General GAYO.
nuns, after taking Potosi, had arrived within eight
leagues of Buenos Ayres. The force under the com-
mand of GAYONEEHE is said to be 12,000 men, while
the troops in Buenos. Ayres are represented as not
exceeding 4000, the remaining force of the Junta be.
hag on other side of the River.-
Duat.ls, JULY I.—The Aggregate Meeting will
be held to-morrow. We consider the present crisis
of affairs most important for the country ; aua there
can be little doubt that these meetings in lags.ann
are looked upon with Interest in every part of
Esr-
nor& We shall, as usual, give a speedy account of'
the proceedings. We should !nimble the Molt-111c
NOMINATION, the only rational sanction or security
that couldbe required, will form a prominent topic
of the discussion.--(Freeman's Journal.)
PORTSMOUTIL, JULY 3.—The Court Martin, held
on board the Gladiator, on Captains Sbr J. A.
WOOD and CAMPBELL, closed about four- o'clock,
sad they are both acquitted‘

Every day the benefit of the repeal. of the Order
is Council becomes more apparent. The India CODS.
pany.had, from motives of compassion, given em.
ployment to a ambit' df waren!, •wlwa
were totally out of work. Most of them have ap.
plied for leave to return to their looms.
- Lord HOLLAND last night broivght in his two pro,
robed Bills for the repeal of some of the most gritv
ous parts of the authority vested iu the hands of the
ATTORNZY.GENENA L., as to Informations Es-Officio.
Every man who values the true freedom of the press
must desire that the Noble Lord may succeed in his
liberal endeavours.

Mr. SHERIDAN is a determined opposer of this
Leather Tax: On his early acquaintance with tho
town of Stafford, he gate as a toast, " May the
stark manufacture of Stafford (boots and shoes) be
trodden under foot by the whole world!".
Lord MOIRA did not say, that he would bring thy
Catholic Question before the Lords this Session : bis
Lordship said, that the question ha% ing been carried
in the Commons, a corlerence would most probably
be asked with the Lords before the end of the present
Session.

In considering the question, how far Catholic
Emancipation may he compatible with Protestant
security, it is important to examine what are actu.
ally the tests upon this subject already given by the
Roman Catholics of Ireland. For this purpose we
refer oar Readers to the oathetaken at present by Of
Irish Roman Catholic Clergy and. Laity, and parti-
cularly to that of 334 Geo. 111. iglled the-Act of
1793. The following is the extract from the above-
mentioned oath, quoted by Lord HOLLAND, in his
eloquent and impressive speech in support of Mar-
quis Wata.zscav's motion on Wednesday last. It
is difficult to conceive what further security can be
devised or required of the Roman Catholics by the
Legislature :--
" And I do swear, that I will defend; to the nt.
most of my power, the settlement and arrangement
of propety in this country, as established by the
laws now in being : I do hereby disclaim, disavow,
and
solemnly abjure ANY INTENTION TO SUBVEWS
THE PRESENT CHURCH ESTABLISHMENT, MIME MR-
POSE OP SURSTITIPTING A CATHOLIC EsTABLIsiIHENT
IN ITS STEAD; and I de solemnly swear, that f witl
not exercise any privilege to which I am or may be-
come entitled, To DISTURB AND WEAKEN THE PRO-
TESTANT RELIGION AND 'PROTESTANT GOTBRNMEXI
IN THIS KINGDOM. SO UP.Lp MR Goa."

Letters from Bristol, of Thursday, state; that
tranquillity was returning. The fear of the military
had produced the desired effect. Wednesday even-
ing passed eren without disorder; and on Thursday
the election was proceeding quietly.
_ _ _

• _ _
Tuesday being the day appointed for &election of
a Member to represent the Borough of Cokitester, •
in the room of Mr. RICUARIE HART DAVIE, who had
vacated his seat by accepting the Chiltern Hundreds.,
Mr. Banvey, agreeably to his declaration in the pro..
vincial papers of last week, attended on the occa.
sion. Mr. DAVIS, jun. having been proposed and,
seconded, Mr. HARVEY, Who was put in nominatissis
for the sole purpose of preventing any interroptioa
to the delivery of his sentiments, in a most eloquent
speech of nearly an hour, pointed out the very in.
adequate manner in which the Borough was repre.
gelded, more particularly in the person of their el.
der Member, who, having become an acknowledged
placeman of the worst description, could not lay
claim to that ladependence which is so essential tot)* •
character of a representative. Mr. HARVEY then par:
titularly impressed upon the Burgesses his unakered
determination to stand forward as their Candidate,
whenever a dissolution of Parliament' occurs; and.
after some.other observations, which were received
with enthusiastic applause by the Common Hall as-
sembled, withdrew his nomination, having obtaioei-
the cpportunity, for which he was particularly anxious,
of personally explaining to them his sentiments, and
..ecciving in return their unequivocal pledges of sup-
`port. In the evening a handsome supper was Rims
lin the Assembly Room, at the Three Cups, to up.:
wards of two hundred and fifty of the Burgesses, in
the interest of Mr. Haavee, at which the greatest
harmony and convivality prevailed. About eleven
the worthy Candidate left the room, when the com-
pany instantly retired, and taking the horses from
his carriage drew him, attended by a band of musie
and torches, a considerable distance from the town.
A meeting has taken place at the Portuguese Am,
bessador's, to raise a subscription for the unprotec-
ted orphans in Portugal. Not only by the destruc-
tion of battle, but by the general dispersion of the
peaceable inhabitants, a great number of helpless
infants are thrown upon the country without a home,
and without a friend. Contributions 'were made,
and a considerable sum was obtained.
We have to adds another instance, to the alien*
disgraceful list of French Officers who have brOltea
their parole of honour. Denent Paturron, late
Governor of Badajos, has absconded from Os-
westry. _

The even bets are making nightly, In. AU Ghee*
Rooms of the several 'Theatres, that Kum' ap..
pears a front-rank /*tor on the Isosrpt of New
Drury, on the first night or Its opening.
. ,
One day last week, as two little boys were play'.
big together at Hastings, the eldest threw a stone as
his companion, which unfortunately struck bias to
the head, and caused his.instaut death.
