•

coustrymen may be, perhaps, in a similar state of
beadily, possessieg no social rights, sabring the
same hardships, and eelticiing their emplityers by.
iho fruits oteheir industry. Yet While they con obl
lain bread for themsetees and families, with now and
then a bit of fluor *lib some leeks or onions, they
submit to the covetous 'suctions of their masters for
fear of not being employed. *fence they are kipt
in such a needy dependance that citify cannot lay by a
shilling for their children, sicknas, or old age ; and
consequently when they are unable to work, or are
discharged, they are thrown upon the Public for a
I Support. Ignorant people have, hardly any other
idea of slavery than such as 'aisle in the est Indies,
or in being bought and sold like'beasts il a market;
bat this is only the most deplorable condition that
cats attend it. For all involuntary servitude which
is occasioned by arbitrary porter is slavery, and may
be gradually increased till ell social freedom is ex-
tinct, and men transferred from one master to ano-
ther like en estate or like cattle. Hence, if a Go.
vernment is unjust and tyrannical it will try to sup-
press all such writings as tend to open the eyes of the
' People, test they should insist on having their right*
like al knavish lawyer, who being in secret posses-
sion of his client's property, keeps him ignorant of
it as long as he can, lest be should demand a settle-
ment. Therefore such writers are National Advo-
cate:, vindicating the cause of the People and the
Poor in particular, who have none else to plead for.
them. Consequently they most be father beneficial
than injurious, for the prosperity of the country de.•
pends on the Poor es well as on others ; for no indi-
vidual in a state of society is uninterested in the wet.
fare of the rest. A well regulated community is like
' a beautiful and convenient edifice, which consists of
serious apartments harmoniously arranged, and kept
In good order ; for if the roof should be out of re-
pair and neglected, the storm which beats into the
garrets and iojores them, will in time descend to this
nest door, and so by degrees to the very foundation,
and ruin the whole building. In other words, if
• servants, whether public or private, are not com-
fortably accommodated sod justice done them, they
.. .
w 111 he disorderly, or thievish, and endeavour to right
themselves ; or else they will quit such masters, and
emigrate to others who have more sense and bu-
manity.
With your permission, Mr. EDITOR, I will resume
this subject in another 'Letter, and am, in the mean.
time,
March 26.

PHILO-SABINIJS.

FRENCH PAPERS.

CHAMBER OF OF DEPUTIES, MARCH 27

A Petition was read, requiring that the right of
Parents to dispose of the whole of their property be
cancelled. and that a provision be established by law
for Children.
The Commission considered that the proposition
militated 'plait the natural right of a Proprietor
over his property, and tended to restrain parental
aethority, already too much weakened by the exist-
ing Legislation.
This and numerous other Petitions were disposed
of. The Order of the Day was adopted, and the
discussions on the Customs were resumed.
The PKVIDEDT read the Regulations required by
the 43d Article, that a mark by affised to the articles
of the French manufacture.
A M mass opposed the 69th Article of the Law
of the 28th April, 1816, permitting search for pro.
, hibited goods: he said, it was enforced in cons..
quince of the greet quantity of foreign merchandise
introduced at the period of the two invasions; but
thisft snecessity for the law no longer esisted.
M. DE ST. CRICe supported this Article. as imp.-
ratively necessary to prevent frauds. After some
discussion, the Articles, 43, 41, 45, 46, 47, 48, and
49, were agreed to.
M. DE Vit.z.cce proposed an additional Article :
That the Government should publish, before the con-
clusion of the Session, an aoalitical review of the laws
respecting the Customs.
M. nc ST. Corm said, a similar measure was con-
templated by Ministers for the convenience of com-
merce.
The proposition was then got rid of by the previous
question.
The Order of the Day called for the discussion of
the law relative to the Abolition of the Slave 'Trade.
None of the Members appearing to speak fur or
against the Law, it passed by a majority of 117
against 19.

French Funds.-5 per Cents. 66f. 90c. Bank
Stock. 159Uf.

The following phenomena observed here on Wed-
nesday, the 4th ult. have not before been made pub-
lic. At high water, about 30 minutes past four
o'clock in the afternoon, the wind then blowing from
the South-west, with moderate weather, the tide
flowed at the Old Deck Gates 18 feet six inches.—
After the tide had fallen from one to two inches, the
Dock Gates closed as usual with the ebbing of the
tide, which Awn began again to flow to the height,
as near as can be calculated, of four or five inches,
thereby opening the gates again ; and continued flow-
ing a sufficient time to allow one ship and several
small vessels to pass into the Dock, before it again
began to fall. The tempestuous night of Wednesday
ensued ; the wind blew a heavy gale still from the
S. W., and et high water, at five o'clock on Thurs-
day morning, the tide flowed 14 feet one inch ; being
four feet five inches less than on the preceding even-
ing ; although from the spring tides hating put in,
the water ought, according to the usual state of
things, to have flowed higher than on the Wednesday
evening. No particular remark was made at the
time at the Humber Dock Gates; but from the Tide.
tabae kept there, it appears that the didereace in the
Bowing of the water, between the evening and morn-
ing tides, was mach .the same as at the Old Dock
Gates. As these circumstances can scarcely be
accounted for by the tempestuous state of the weather,
it is probable a great convulsion of nature has taken
piece, in some distant place, of which we have not
yet received any accoont.—(litsit Paper.)
The Nanette, Gaud, from Marseilles to Aux
Cayes, was driven on shore near &western' last month,
but bus got off) after discharging, sad wet repairing.

' .

THE STATESMAN.

•


a -

.1

pRICii OF 0 Mg DAY AT
Ibiet Steck bpert
p# ('era[. Red. has .
3
3 ill
_Celli. C. 01,14 7*l 79 714 Si.ck -
f."'"'"' At
144"
74
79
LAzhissae; gins IS
per Cent.

P

THE ' STATESMAN.

LONDON
WEDNESDAY. APRIL it Mg.
French Papers to the 30th nit. hue reached
The discussion upon the proposed law relative to the
Customs was resumed on Friday, when the whole of
the Project being pat to the vote, it was carried by
a majority of 164 to 10. The Project of Law for
the abolition of the Slave Trade was passed in silence
by a majority of 117 to 19. The conferences with
the Duke of Wzmancyron appear to be continued.—
The Duke de RiCuaLtatiand the Baron de MONNIXR,
President of the Committee upon Foreign Claims, are
constant attendants. This activity of the negotiation
affords reason for supposing, that it approaches to a
conclusion ; and the return of an Austrian Minister,
who bad been sent to assist at the conferences, renders
it probable, that the claims of his Sovereign were set•
tied at the time when they were lately reported to he so.
One of the Papers stows a report that the Ministers
were to submit important communications to both
Chambers ; and the private letters .ell as, that these
communications were supposed to refer to the 6nal
settlement of the claims of foreign creditors ou France.
'This conjecture does not appear very improbable.—
The amicable settlement of these claims, end an ade-
quate provkion for their discharge, must be pro:
limitary to every question about the evacuation-of
France by the Allied troops. Some of the Pa&
Journals state that the Congress of Sovereigns
is to take into consideration the different kind et
Governments established in Europe, and the me&
Swiss's which the character of the inhabitants and'
local circumstances may in some States require. We
pet very little faith in this report, and have nodesire to
see it authenticated. The samples of legislation which
the Congress of Vienna gave to the world, leave the
States which they so benevolently modified to the
wishes of the respective partitioners, little reason to
hope that the desires or circumstances of the People
will be much consulted in any set of Constitutions
that such a Congress of Sovereigns may take it into
their heads to frame. We know what sort of li-
berality is to be expected from such Constitution.
mongers as Lord CASTLEREAGH and his foreign
coadjutors.

The pompous intelligence pat forth a few days ago
by the Government Papers of fresh triumphs to our
arms in India, and of the progress of the Marquis
of llzsTlNGs's scheme& for partitioning the territories
of every Indian Chief, was ill calculated to prepare
the public mind for such rumours as the Courier of
last night thought proper to publish in a Second
Edition paragraph, which our cotemporaries of the
morning have repeated without adding any further
particulars or contradiction to the dismaying report.
Notwithstanding the tidings of the complete over-
throw of the PEISHWA'S power, and the checking
of the conspiracy which he was organizing, it is
now stated, that accounts have been received of " the
commencement of pretty general hostilities against
us by the Native Powers of India ;" but that "the
Marquis of HASTINGS had been so fortunate as to
commence his operations by dividingScurni A from the
Confederacy." The Papers which give us thjs in-
formation very consolingly tell us, " they hisve no
doubt but that the Marquis will give as good an ac-
count of the other Powers, if he should meet them
in the field." We have as little doubt on this sub-
ject as any scribe in the pay of the Government; but
we could willingly dispense with receiving any ac-
counts of our brave Countrymen in the East being
under the necessity of meeting such powers in the
field. or of wasting their blood and strength in the
horrid precautionary warfare usually carried on for
security against the rage of barbarian foes excited by
the most powerful feelings of nature. It has hitherto
been fortunate indeed :or our Indian empire that the
Native Powers have not heed able to combine the
elements of their hostility so as to effect a general
war against their European invaders, the fear or
cupidity of some one or other of the principal
Chiefs yielding to the polity of the more civilized
Government, which generally adopts the principle
of divida et impera ; but it would seem, from
the statements thus circulated (the truth of
which we are rather disposed to doubt, though
such unfortunate circumstances might be only the
natural result of pushing aggression to Its
that something like the effects of a general combiaa.
dun of Indian power had burst forth against the Bri:
tish authority. A general attempt to shake off the
British yoke in India is an occurrence which could
net but recite a lively sensation in this country,
though the intelligence of suck an event would be but
perhaps a natural aotlalpatloateousbiarlag how India
has been governed. The contest is of a nature that,,
must ever be renewed, and every mown! mast he more
and more to our disadvantage. There is not a Prince is
India who has not suffered degradation end loss from
the British arms, and who, therefore, does not pant
for revenge. The indoencs of the Chiefs over
the minds of the People in promoting one gene.
ral object cannot be doubted. While they con.

,'

.

et

, 3 ,tre late tOL ,to
,g seems , . ill the eaten) or things,
war 1 i ranee do
*ail COMBO in. vale the Mar.
(leis of HAfTtfitif is Hitt(WWl wag, notoriously
for the tranquillity of his Governi,rship, accomindod
by the manifestation of • eery onfavoerable &pod.
Lion of the Native Powers towards Great Whale.`.
The administration of the present Governer has
therefore, borne damsels's( a military aspect, sad is
ILI
has been constantly employed either in actual. war M
in making military preparations. This eirceeistsmn
whether arising from estraileous events, or from the
Marquis's dwii disposition, is much to be lamented 4
for its influence must be felt in every part of hit
We shall forbear from making further comeliest* una
til we shall be enabled to prevent our Readers CA
intelligeue* in a more authentic shape.
_.............

The Courier has returned to the charge against the.
Petitioners for Reform, end with the help of a Leek
Paper which has pursued the same tract of misrelate.
seetation and opposition to the Petitions, would fa
make-out that it's ell a lie that the People of Englaet
desire Reform. The People of England are able 1
decetle on the accuracy of this statement without mad
asvisfaoce from us. Our Readers wli remember .1.•
14111 trial, in which it appeared 'bat s man who wan
g. iog about with a Petition for spinster's was grossly
41) used by some persons who pumped ester upon him,
though in the high way, and that the persons who
thus abused him were acquitted of the as.
stall. Because this rout was allowed something
to subsist upoo in performing this employment,
Public Meetings for the purpose being pram..
ed, and Petitioners far Reform being umforte.
nately as unable to live upon air as the better
fed supporters of corruption, it is inferred that all
Petitions with signatures privately obteined must
be fabrications, for " if the signatures had bees
fairly and publicly obtained, it must have made a
noise." Now we need not inform the Public how
this noise, so necessary to conviction, has not hen
made, and to what measures that secrecy is owing (if
,any portion of secrecy is preserved on the part of at-
tire friends of Reform), which appears now to alarm
the Corruptinnists fully as much as the public trans.
actions of the People before. The Government has
ihelf to thank for any secret machinations it may
discover. But it is really laughable to we
a London Print publishing on the authority of a
Country Paper, that " Delegates from Huddersfield
have been sent to London for the purpose of renew-
ing the machinations of last year." We wonder if
Oliver be nine of these Delegates. The authors at
the machinations last year were not poor Country
Delegates. Let the authors of the Gagging Bills be
aware that the only ,danger from a People is, when
they feel themselses insecure under the 'tiding state
of thing., and when they fear more from their pre-
sent rulers than from any struggle in which they
could possibly engage. When this feeling is once
rendered prevalent in a country, there is no security
for any Government. The Spying and Informing Sp
tent will not be a sufficient preservative, when sack
feelings become universal. The system of eatilcioss
accusation most greatly tend to mite disgust in the
public mind at the Government which requires sack
means of support. It is still persevered in by words.
The spirit that lately gave it smeb lawless activity, it,
we fear, " not dead, but sleenath." We shedder to
think of the progress which fear, jealousy, distrait,
hate, revenge,--which emery malevolent and dia.
holiest passion must wake ender such a system.—
Is it desiring too much reformation of minuets
to ex
abandoned in all its parts? The charge of falsehood
press a desire to see this calumniating practice
has been lavishly mode, and is still persevered in
against the persona who were so unfortunate as tt
be imprisoned for their political principles. WI
copy an article in another column, from a truly re.
apectable Paper, which, in regard to informstios
from Leeds, may be considered as fully as veracious
and respectable an authority as the journal which
the Courier loves to quote. This article is a aolemr
oiler of one of the oppressed and calumniated Peti
boners to Pediment tosobstentiste the truth of every
word in his Petition. His traducers will not pat
him to the test. The sufferings of these victims 1
arbitrary power ought, indeed, to be a swamies ti
their countrymen.

The Petsce ReacmT.tiOugh not 'oeMOetelr re.
covered, was much better yesterday : his R4yi
Higimess give audiences to Earl RAstiva.s and iir
W. Scots, and received visit. from the Dochess
Gtoucsisan, and the Dukes of YORK, CL A RENCS,
and CU MICR LAND.
-On Monday night, it being extremely dark, 1"
carriage of the Prince of Ilsase-lionsuga. Oa his
relm front Outlands, was preceded by CURTIs,' none
of the Passes Hassan's footmen, as an °wader.
Soon after passing through Hent._nton, CURTIS not
being able to distinguish the footpath front to-e roar
rode against two posts, and was thrown from
horse with great violence. He was able to rube just
as the carriage came op, when his Serene Hightles.
hearing of the accident, immediately teak Owls
We lb* aurriage ; and, a hie arrive! In lawn, rent
his household surgeon to attend him, and shooed
the greatest anxiety for his welfare. Criers is '
good deal bruised, bet no bones are broken.
#Au article in the Paris Papers, dated Harnborrl
says, that the marriage of Ike Duke of Calrealsock
with the MOMS of 11 /SSE CASSEL, is poSlDOnotii
till May. We know not what authority the French
Journalists have for this; the report here, yemerde)
was, that the last letters from his Royal Mena,"
bad given reason to expect an immediate ceiebraii,
of the marriage.

It Is
Ilowth.ds
tolling I
tor• 'fifi

tbligt Inv
-•ina

a Can
Lord (
-Tk

B
Secreti

utendil

severe
,114fil

mends
neeem
',uni

• " •
it _.
. •
~. . . , . ,
4tA ) A
‘....
.. jik. 0145111, . ). • ' Litita.....
.....411
i -
STOCii Mid DAY AT ton et wet
5 per Caw. Ilan I t ; at we hate to t them to co
est. ladle Rhoda 83 82 St te.....:
vevola 7% 79 7111 —. stock i It man *is the natural Of f things, as/
tic, vai 78 79 I. Aso.
K: ter Bills 11l li p war yit o t rim eft' 11..
Ijtary COMMA in. vale the Mae. I
.
1. 0,-. .l.—..CACt.itsomt--:=--Ir--,-3 f. • .vi . I
leis Ot HASTaNDS is HilNiellell was, OnfOrlesately 1
FE ' STATESMAN. ter the tranquillity of his Governorship, accompidod
. , by the maeifeatation of a very onfavoereble &pads 1
lion of the Native Powers towards Great &kale....
LONDON: The administration of the present Governor has
WEDNESDAY, APRIL it 1111& therefore, borne dumbest a military aspct, and as
...-- , has been constantly eniployed either in actsel, war et
Papers to the 30th ult. bays reached ae• in making military preparations. This eirceuestaace,
whether arising from estraneous events, or from the
..
ion upon the proposed law relative to the
is re"ed o Marquis's wil disposition, is much to be IIMOnled;
being pat ton Frtheidvayote w,irse vatshceawrrhieodie of Dhy for its influence must be felt in eiery part of issiik-
of 164 to 10. The Project of Law for We shall forbear from making further comememee.
n of the Slave Trade was passed in silence til we shall be enabled to prevent our Readers ilk
intelligent* in a more authentic shape.
ity of 117 to 19. The conferences with
f WELLvectron appear to be continued.— ____,„„i„_. ;
le RICHELIEU and the Baron de MONNIER, The Courier has returned to the charge against Gs?
I the Committee upon Foreign Claims, are Petitioners for Reform, end with the help of a Laada
tendants. This activity of the negotiation Paper which has pursued the same tract of misters,.
lon for supposing, that it approaches to a sentation and opposition to the Petitions, would flik
that it's all a lie that the People of Englaait and the return of an Austrian Minister, make-out
desire Reform. The People of England are able la
en sent to assist at the conferences, renders
, that the claims of his Sovereign were set• ~,true on the accuracy of ibis statement witheet mond.
osvistance from us. Our Readers wII remember a row,
ime when they werelately reporierl to he so.
Papers states a report that the Ministers ctill trial, in which it appeared that s man who est
g, ing about with a Petition for signaler VI was grnnty
31)mit important communications to both

I
tolling •
Ism *Mr
the Imo
tine.
able Pri
coMplisl
peditioe
: Immedie
had (01
co, et y
IMMO e
agreed
submit
of Gen'
I case of
plasm
In Jell
,
in a fir
a Com
r
Lord
,_Sir- Tit
Dr. B
Sterrett
:Senate
and Di
'their a
.1
INK, 0
/ • .Sir.Ch
fp On I
a totally
meths
avails'
mendii
sever'
setlitho
that
mends
e
merest
ikrunt
M had I
I. many
• ferem
sbrsel
ce
Moot
ly C. Vi
elt
avidly
• given
niteri
Is. for et
4 • ' plea,
by ti
.
r r 4
1-
than
inste
rs Mini
ts
is
'
rd
Dirri
o the
to e
016
Ve are
t- F
Atria
Ite
Da 2
us
eh the
00 ram
the
ry • Dire
wet ties
of der
te Sts
ciel
slat
of 4
re. jot'
day
air • _al
of • 1114
Car, • tor
'ha tea
his Ca.
sue
'tilt
er.• I&
I.ot iii
ed. Bs
his
utt
"4
Tit tta
ent Is,
art! fa
91
rh. d 1
ocs
let, r
,och .1
!eye It
net
kw si
!4
