sTAt ESAU

FRAUD BY. POROBD P.Assipi. I

TO TOE soma OT TUT STATILMIX.,
Sia—rioorh pass's oecertificates in general bare letir
been d'etned illegals vet by the Act of 4:3 Ova. 111. with
iirtnunents-are still ;Mowed to-be granted to the wins and
children of soldiers and sailors, embarked fir fOrAgit
service, to enable them to return to the place of their legal ;
settlement. lint notwithstanding these passes are tiler I
limited, there is reason to believe that they aria fregnently
obtained tinder false pretences, nod in many iestaeces.are
entirely forged. •
On•Pinsaday last, in the desk of • tie evening, that.
women and four children came to my house in thiseillage
with t hire passes. printeind filled up in the tuna' form,
dated.trigiturn, 13th December, "ptirporting to he, signed.
by two hligistrktei (of did names of Hsnnett and Harris),
antbmisiog the etomrn• thlhr•in named, and nineteen chil-
dren, to —pass. to theater an I Wrreham. On iviviring
what Wail become of the .rest •of the children, they said

that on account of the lateness of the liottr, they were gone
- •

•• . .
forward In a Ott. After, somefirther., interrogation,.
Itrfowing that the 0 of the ...Poor were tint miles.
distant, I rave them very liberal relief, serithey-went on
tboi r road. .
Innitediatefr afterwards two other women;einve rip, and
presented passes precisely similar; for tliemselven and
children, to go to Cheeter' asil Shrewsbury. l'hey Paid
their Itushantle had embarked on foreign service, and they
were proceeding to their Come. Some circumstances
exciting my snepicion, I taxed them with imposture, and
sect theta away. without any pecuniary relief.
Being desirous of ascertaining the facts correctly, I
wrote the next day to the Magistiates of Brighton, staving
the above particulars; and yesterday .1 received an
artiriver, informing roe that the whole was a gross deceit,
tion.,; that.no arch passes bad 'been granted ; aoil that
no acting Magistrate named Bennett or !lassie resided
there.
Now, Sir, it is probable, that this letter (if speedily in
erred) Lnly meet the eye of some Magistrates or Parish
offieers in the line of road which these impostors have
taken, and thereby be the means of their being apprehended
land dealt with according to law. I am, Sir, your obedient
servant, S atuet. PURNIS,
One of the Magistrttes for Middlesex.
Kilhontne, Hampstead, Dec. 23, 1523.
For the public good, it is hoped that this letter may be
copied intis -other London and Provlitedd Finer..

MA
AIR. DV!.
....1111b1111..
I....Waterford.... 1
0....0 & Jersey..- I
0

, I I.S.
An R. DI P.
▪ ...Holland...
O ...Haruhro
0.... France
O ...Flanders 0
. ..0

-PRICE OF STOCKS Tilt!
Rank Stank.. . .......

3 per Ct. Red
p. Ct. Cons
3i per Cent
els per Cents W
Now Fours

I.ses Ann 111 I
Imp. 3 per Ct ' Si

DAY AT ONI© ()CLOCK.
India Stock .
Ditto ..... ..9I

61.b2--

.1100/.... 31 IA poi:

Loam wt. 19..
Coe. for Aeat flef

ntv .ti.tattontan.

WEDNESDAY EVENINO, DECEMBER 24, 1823.

STOCK ETCH IXG E. 12. o'CLocx.—Consols opened this morn•
tag at 683. at whi..h price they re.main with little or no fluc-
tuation. To morrow being a holiday, little or no business is
expected to day, except some Express anise from Paris, with
an account of some alteration in the Freucla.Funds. Up to this
boor we do not hear of any arrivals from the above capital.
FQIILICION MARKET,-Spilliiigh Bonds opened at 2311., with e
very heavy market, and little doing. Spanish Bonds Mi.

• Accounts !have been received this morning from
Buenos Ayre,, of the date of the 19:h Sept. which bring
the important intelligence, that General Bolivar, at die
bead of twelve thouiand m.n, hes re-taken 'Lima.
General Cantarac, the Spanish General, has been taken
prisoner, and his second in command was killed in ls.t:le.

The British ships of war whiclasre assetabling at Gib
raltar, are, it is suppoied, designed to torso a Ilea of Ob-
servation for the Mediterranean.

As the visit of Mr. Rothschild to Paris, gave rise to
various ppeenlations, many different rumours have of
course, attended his return.' It had been generally sup-
posed that•one great object which he and the other great
contractors hail in view, on their errand to that capital,
.was the negotiation of a loan to the Spanish Government,
on such conditions as should recognize, in part at least
the other loaWs that had been contracted by the previon-.
administrations. Independent of the scheme for raisin;
money for Spain, on the alienation of her pretended
eglits over her • late colonies, such a loan as had
brew formerly. supposed bad been . proposed ; and
it is asserted that Mr. Rothschild had, with Mr. Baring
anal Mr. Reid, several interviews with Al.-de Villele and
M. Chateanbriand, upon the strbliet. 'I he determination
of' theexistingilovrrnmentin Spain not to acknowledge
the debts contracted by the, Cortes nal well known : and,
it is believed that at these interviews no hopes Were giien
of the recognition of the Bonds in question. The trees'
allies of the King of Spain, Conover, are as notorious as
his .ob,iiilary ; and as tlke prudence and resolution of
the moneyed men are unqnrstianable, it is expected that
Ferdinand 'wilt be forced to yield:
Respecting the o' her scheme, which we stated yesterday
on theantliority of a morning parr, a project more vi-
sionary can-hardly be conceivell.To admit that it may have
been proposed, is enough for us ; to believe that it has been
listened to, •is mitre than credulity ran bear. The
independence of the South American States, is
to be procured by handing them over to the
guardianship of a Company of European Bankers!!! These
gentlemen are to begin, by giving Ferdinand as much
money as he wants; and then they are to force some
millions on Lonis, under the name of indemnity ! ! ! These
two Kings are next to grant to these kind gentlemen an
"exclusive privilege of trading with the Soto American
Republics!! !" This privilege is to be exclusive ; that is
to-say, a merchant of London or Liverpool, who now trades
with Buenos Ayres or Valparaiso, is to be excluded from
sodoing, not by the act of his own government, nor by
the acts of the South American Governments, but by the alt.
thority of the Rings of France and Spain !. ! The

;~

d
indepetiltenre of these Republics is to be acknowledge
by Spain ask the other Eisrope in Potreo, bit the trade
with theta must he carried op under.!!!!! protection and
by. themeriniesion of this Enropean Association ! !
Is it easy to imagine any 'scliethe more arrogant or
absurd? Admitting far the sake of argument that Spain
has a right to propose conditions to her former colonies, ;
what eight has France or any other European Power to i
interfere with their concerns ? But to return to that of !
iSpaint—todnireet an exclusive company with au aotho•
wiry for carrying on the trade between Europe and
America, supposes in the power that grants the privilege,
the sovereignty of bath. When Spain was Sovereign of
Europe sal America, she could giant to a particular Com.
pany the privilege of trading it ith all or any of the Colonies;
but Spain is no longerSavereign de facto of SouthAtnerics:
and her glint of any suck irivileg,e, without the acqui-
escence of theSontli American States themselves, would
be utterly 'Unavailing. That the South American States
could titer .be brought to give to any exclusive Coop
papy the centristsl of their coma erce, will be believed
by no man at all acquainted with that part of the world.—
The chief of their struggle has been to obtain
an unlimited freedom of trade ; and having a:
thieved their indep-ndence, they will viol surely be
fools enough to renounce that advantage. But then " the
European Powers mast, in a general Congress, siipniate to
prohibit.their other subjects from sending ships to South
America, as we prohibit all others except the ships of the
East India Company from going to China." This we
suppose is to enable the Company to dispense with the con-
sent of the South American States, and the latter will
then have no choice. But here again we are met by
two difficulties; first the consent of all the States of
Europe is nec,ssary, and we know that the consent of one
of them, England, will sot be given ; and, secondly," if an
European Congress, of which England formed a part, were
to interdict all Europeans from trading to South America,
there wonlil remain the United States, when e all European
goods could b•-conveyed to South America as cheaply, or
nearly so, as from Europe itself. •

The recently elected Pope is said to be seriously indis-
posed.
We understand that the heroic Mina arrived in London
en Monday morning by the mail from Ilath.—(Morniog
Paper)
By the Leicester Chronicle of Saturday, we learn that
• public Meeting is to take place.in that town to morrow,
" to promote a sub-cription in aid of the fiind now raising
in Londoncfor the relief of the Spanish Refugees."
'Last night their Royal Highnesses the Duke and
nachess of Gloucester honoured Drury Lane Theatre at ith
their presence, to witness the performance of the Hypocrite
I and the afterpiece of Simpson and Co.
It is ceuliiently said in the Court tittles, that leis
Majesty intends proceeding to tile COntlitent immediately
after the close of the next Session of Parliament. The
Royal visit, however, will depend in a great degree on the
state of political affairs at that period; for should any thing
occur to interrupt our friendly relations with etw of the
great Continental Powers.- there is no doubt that his Ma-
jesty will abandon his proposed design. Some of the
mineral waters of lletnisny, particularly those of Pyrmont.
the good effects of which have frequently been experienced
in eases af goat, are strongly recouimende I to his Majesty,
labouring as he does under occasiolal attacks 44 that com-
plaint ; and his Majesty, has, therefore, resolved on making
a trial of them. It is, however, understood that his Majesty
will first visit his Hanoverian dominions, mud proceed
thence to Berlin, where lie will sojourn some days with
the King before he betakes himself to Pyrmont.—( hforning
Paper)
Yesterday afternoon, about three o'clock, the Fluke of
York arrived in town in his travelling chariot and boar,
from a visit to the Marquess of Hertford, at Suribourn,
near Woodbridge, Suffolk, where lois Royal Highness
had been for several days enjoying very successful wort of
shooting, the Royal Duke being an excellent shot. The
Marques* had a select party of distinguished personages to
meet hits Royal Highness, who tv,re in general excellent
shots. The Royal Duke left tWo illbridge yesterday morn-
ing about live o'clock. -(Cant Circular.)
Letters have been received from Rio de Janeiro, dated
the 221 th of Oetadier, two days subsequently to the sailing of
the packet. The Congress of Ilrozil had on that day, after'
a warm discussi..n, passed a deeree, authoriaing Cie trial by
jerrin civil and criminal cases, which was to be brought
into immediate operation. No other fact of importance is
mentioned in these letter., and the report of an approach-
ino change in the Ministry not b-ing again al u led to,
may be considered as without foundation. .
'Extract of a letter from New York, dated Nov: 20.
.. We understand th st it is in centrirpl itian to bring for-
ward
in Coner,se, in the present Session, the subject of
the claims of the citizens of tke Uni.e I States, for. spo•
fin ions committed by the Government of Fr.nee of
vari ,us alerted idiot's, for provisions aid property delivered
to them in virtue of contracts, shipping, detained,
&c. •Ita as expected that, wheh the Government of the
United Staten purchased of France the losuiaiati a territory,
the different creditors of the United States would lure
been paid; and a sum of 20 milliurte of franca was allot-
ted for that pprpose. • This amount proved insufficient
fur the !Winker of claims, and rendered still less ad• game.
by the despotic precaedings of the French Conitnis.iouers
employed by that Government, who alien:lttely compelled
the American Cotntuissioners to pass sods elision as they
thoneht proper, and not those that were just. Public
spirit in America seems determined to put an end to
French violation of all contracts, and the robberies they
have corniiiitted, in taking the proplyty of the citizens of
the United States and never fulfilling -any engagement.
It is time the American tioverninent canoe to the relief of
those citizens who so many years have suffered try French
spoliations."
LIDERTV or TIC Pares —The Royal Medical Society
rzaP Edinburgh, anxious either to protect their own rights,
11 or to prevent any abase of the Liberty of Ow Press, hay •
actually presented a bill of suspension and interdict—or,
in other words, applied for an injunction —to prevent
Messrs. Oliver and and Boyd, the printers, and Dr. Poole,
the editor of the Edinburgh Phrenological Journal, from
publishing any report of glee debate on Pairenology %bleb
recently sock place in Dr. Duneen'e class-room. in the'
Univeitiity, and to which strangers, if not invited, were
admitteil.—(Rdinlaurgh
.paper.)
Considerable improvements and emhellisments are going et
lit Paris, others are also in contemplation; amongst the letter
are additions to the Pont Louis XVI. which i 3 to be rendered,
they say,troly magnificent, after designs by the Eros Monarqur
The piers of this bridge are placed its a straight liar, nine Mel
thiek,and present columns supporting a cornice surmounted
by a balustrade, the divisrons of which are formed by pedes
film %tended to bear twelve colossal statues in marble, which
are tut out of a block ten tett high, and are nearly compirted.
They comprise six statesmeh and six wareio-s. The following
are the moues :--Ba)ard, Doguay Tropic', Tureane, Tonr.
stile, Huger, Degueselin, Conde, Cardinal Riebellre, Sully.
Colbert, Duquesne, sad Suffren.

, ,

i

f

,

Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East
India House, when John fla=b Donnell
WI/ appointed provisional member of Council at N 1 Lards.
Captain lontgotnorie liamilton was silo-ti i,;to
ro•ninand of the ship Duoira, consigned to Bombay acj
China.

Ngcao Sasvear.—On Wednesday last a meeting of friends
to the emancipotion of the Blacks was held at the Bible Drpo
sitory room, St. Mar in's. in this town, for the purpose of
formi .g an auxiliary society in aid of an institution established
in London. fur doing awey with slavery in the West India
islands. T. Babington, Esq. being called to the chair, much
interesting discussion followe.. Several res-dutions were
proposed and seconded. recommendatory of the object in view,
which were ordered to he made public ; after which the meeting
separates'. Among the company present on the occasion went
—Hon. and Rev. 11. D. Erskine. W. Ileyrick, Eig. Dr. Wit,
M.D. Rec. G. B Mitchell, Rel. C. Berry, Mr. Priesiman, Mr.
J. Coltman, Mr. S. Coltman, Rev. T. B. Paget, Mr. Eilis,Ret.

• -
Mr. ltoare, &e.—(Lciresler Chronirte.)
Mention was made some time back in the journals of a
person camel tioinand, who was hrong la lip before the
Corrrctional Tribunal of Lyons, for saving " that he
should not hesitate to he a sercohl Lotivell if he could get
oil with two uionths' imprisonment; and he regretted that
one hundred thousand gallo ises had not been erected to
hang our brave troop on their retorn from the Spanish
war." °stinted was acquitted on the ground that be mid
this language only in the presence of fire or six persons,
and not in a public place. 43 the law requires. This deci-
sion was appealed against, but with9ht eirm ct, as the law on
the subject is p'sitive. Ile was discharged; after a severe
admonition.--"; is paper.) '

The freed•>m of the City of Chichester has been 'rated
to Capt. 6. Lyon, late of that city, to be presented in a
Lox of oak, value 30 guinea•, to be made from the tiiiibet
of his own ship, the liecla.—This enterprising traveller
accompanied Captain !I' urkey, and published an ibterest
ing account of that expedition to Africa, and" immediately
on his !roan joiued •Captaio Parry in his late voyage of
discovery—thus experiencing the extienies of heat and
cold.

Tun Attmv.—The 3d division of the 23J (Royal We!ch
slicers), which embarked on board the Indian Trader, trans-
port, sails! the Ithit instant, from Cork for Gibraltar. The
73d Regiment of Foot has arrived at Portpatrck, on its route
:to Ireland; the regiment is, on its arrival at Donighad.e.
! ordered to march to Belfast. The bagoge of the corps has
I already reached its destination. In cons luence of tile de-
tention of the 73d at Portpatrick, since Thursday last, by con-
, teary winds, it is understood, that in future, the troops or-
dered by the sa route fro u Scotland to Ireland, and Iron
Ireland to Scotland, will he conveyed in steam vess4s.—Tue
two companies of the 5,9 th Foot, which were on their march
from Chester to Di iglitun, have halted at Reigate, till further
ordris.

Sir Henry 'forrenN the Adjutant General, &c in•
spected the 2d 11.ttalion of the Colds•reaun Guards
on 3londay stunning, iu the Bird Cage

The BAttilion executed several movements and forma-
tions according to the improved system.
The formation, from open column of grand divisions, the
reformation of columns of companies—the formation of
ciose column by w►ngs, the re-formation of open column,
the formation by wings of the diamond square. and the re-
formation of open column—the wheeling into line, and the
advance in line, were executed with admirable celerity and
prveision. The retiring, from line, from the proper r►ght
of companies, and the formation, intttrntrr, whilst in open
column of ,narcl►, upon the receipt of the command—
" eorin Solid Square.' that most n.eftil swarceavre, were
pe►4ormed in a style exceeding all praise. The battalion
received the unqualif►ed approbation of the Adjutara

General.
The determination of Government to raise several nee
regitnents,has created a prodigious bustle in the recruiting
departotect. On Monday, the parties stationed here cow
*Reseed beating up, and paraded the streets, beaded by the
band oldie 65th regiment, now in the Castle. The soldiers
had their caps decorated with ribands, among
which many of them had introduced our country's emblem
—the thistle. A corporal of the 42il regiment, carried a
standard of the old tldth or Scots brigade—an ensign likely
to attract recruits, from the gallant character that national
corps always mint tined.—(Coledollinn Mercury)
the carriage, the property and invention of the pro-
prietor of the 'exhibition of the Indian Venus, &c. Ike.
lately exhibited in these towns, an travels without
the intervention of either hot sea or seam, left this town
on list Tuesday morning, for l'avistoek, amidst a concourse
of persons, who were nut li surprised at the ease amt
velocity of its movements. It is propelled by machinery,
whirls is put in motion by the person who sets in the
eirriscre. The vehicle is very light and has three wheels.
(Plymouth Paper.)
AFFAIR or llotraun.—On Monday morning, a meeting look
place on Fioctiley Common, betwixt Captain Featherstone, of
the Royal Marines, and Raymond. Esq. a gentlemou of
the SeAch 'tar. 'rho parties agreed to fire by signal, and both
gentlemen discharger their pistols without effect : the second
fire was. however, more fatal, as Mr. Itsyninnd received his
antagonist's ball between the second and third ribs of the riled
side, and passing in an oblique direction, per forated the &NW
men—the unfortunate gentleman felt, and was raised by his
second and another friend, apparently lifeless. The ti-st sae
ne made of speech was to ex..s inuge forgiveness with his
antagonist, and eotrested.Captain F. It keep out of the way
• until his fate !milld be decided. at the same time generously
exeulreating-that gentleman or his friend from all blame. Mr.
Raymond was removed to Own istitnelistely after, and the bail
was extracted iast evening, by the sturgeon, Mr. Chambers.
who attended profeesienally on the ground. Last night but
taint hopes were entertained of his recovery. Captain Fes-
totets:one, though perFectiy sensiaie of Cie 'Wile andalisintrr-.
ester/ motives which kiduceill Mr Raymond's advice, aid not
art upon it, but will Abide the issue.--Mr. Rayntond was et-
tended by a Mr. Mackenzie—the ►is ne of Ca plain Feather.
stone's friend we have not heard. The ground of the quarrel
is said to be of a teitiatmature.
JAMES's Pa hsett.—The repairs of this ancient fir.
brie are carrying onto An extent much larger than, as WC
believe, bad hreiiofiginally coatemplated. On the 13th
several occupiers (4elllll4llllllentS in the Palace,
.iname of
whom have resided • there fur half a sentnry, receive-it
pecempl.ory notice toloit on Saturday last. The remove
has accordingly italic's place, and the two small coati.
known by the name of Chapel 0)011 (that 4 the back of
the Chapel Royal) and Kitchen Court, in which the office
I o: the Board of Green Cloth is situated, are to be convertel
into a single quadrangle. • Meanwhile the office shore
mentioned has been transferred to clue rooms once omit-
pfeil by Lady C. Finch. The labourers are -all in 101 l
employ in other parts of the edifice, anti the work goes
rapidly on.
A WI now nenNT.-0.1 the 14th April. Itamitoomar Sea,
a native doctor of considerahlecelebrit y, died at Seompore.
On the evening of the saute clay, his widow was burnt with'
his corpse at Ihilltibliprire ati,oinuag to Serampote.
with the usual barbarities. lie was about 45 years of age.
and she altatit 37. He hail no siii, hat an only •danghter,
who is married. tier last niskto are her child was relllAe.);
perhaps it was feared that her maternal feelings wonld have
drsTrovrti her fatal resolution, and thus have deprived
the pintoes if time enjoyment of witnessing her being burst
A banhelor in Fariingal lately bethonght lure of takin4
tint) himself a helpmate.-11is fair one consenting. the
preliminaries were strangetl, and. the parties appeared
implore the holy min. " Are you willing to take this
woman to be your la. fel a ire?" ..idd the parson. The
widegrooni hesitated: .• 1 dinha ken, Sir at last
.e drawled out, " Ay:' It now rani-fro the tiirn to
answer: scandal zed Ly the bar kAailln, ss. of the husband
•lect, she, toil, "ditlita ken, till she consolteil her Wittier."
lit she set to hold the consuLation ; but she stayed so
long as to nt.it.• it appar.int to the bachelor that be w:11
-till to live id Angle blessed .ess.—',Diondee .eldrettistr.)
