THE STATESMAN.

The Supporters of the Canopy were Gen. Sir G. Nugent
Gen. Sir W, Keppel, Gen. Sir A. Clarke. Gen. Cartwright..
hen. tlwynne, sad thin. Manners.
Garter Principal King of Anus. Sir Isaac Heard—is Gently
man Usher on each side.
The Chief Mourner. his Rowel Highness
THE DUKE OF V.CIRK,
(supported b) the Dukes of Dorset end Wellington)
In a long black cloak ; his train borne by Colonel Berkeley..
lion. Colonel Stanhope. Lord Altanley. and Slr Crlllag
Smith.
THE DUKE OF CIARENCE.
In a long Wasik slosh ; his train borne by Sir J. B. Warren
and Sir C. Pole.
THE. DUKE Or SUSSEX.
in a long bight cloak; his train borne by Major-General
Sir U. Walker and H. F. Stephenson. E.q.
THE DUKE OF GLOLCIGITER.
In a long black cloak; his train borne b) F.dniond Carrey.
E. Colonel Dalton and Colonel
PRINCE LF:OPOLD,
It a long black cloak ; his train borate by Baron Hardee-
broke and Liett.-Colunel Sir R. Gardiner.

Tyro Gentlemen Others.
Yeomeu of the Guard.

About seven o'clock a detaehtnent of the battalion of
the Guards, stationed at Windsor, marched Into the
Chapel. They formed a single line on each side the
nave, every fourth mem bearing a flat aheau. About MI
persons bid been admitted as spectators, Into the north
aisle, by tickets issued by the Lord Chamberlain, the!
Earl Alarshal, and the Man and Canons of Windsor.

At the entrance into the Chapel the Dean of Windier
come:eared the reading of the sublime Funeral Service,
"I am the resurrection and the life." It is a point of
propriety, that during the period of a Morten: lying
mientoinhed, Ole Church Service shall not be performed
in any Cathedral or Collegiate Chapel. The mournful
and unprecedented circumstance, that on this occasion
the funeral rites which demanded this observance were
those of a Sosi of the Sovereign, thus removed at the
same time to a happier state, rendered the simple and
affecting other of the dead peculiarly solemn. The
body was conveyed into the Choir by the same 11111.
chinery as that adopted at the Funeral of her late Ma.
jesty. The Dean then read the Service front under the
Sovereign's Stall. At the proper moment, the platform,
placed wet the entrance of the Royal Vault, gradually
descended, without any perceptible aid : the Chief
Mourner sat on s,Fliair at the brad of the corpse, his
supporters on either side; the supporters of the poll sat
in their places near the body, and the b cif the
canopy on either side.
From the great size of the coffin, there was some dulls
culty in lowering it into the vault, the opening being
scarcely large enough fur its admission.
At tfie conclusion of the Office of Burial, the ream
table Sir Isaac Heard proclaimed the style of his late
Royal Highness, in a most distinct and impressive MOW
tier, in the following words:—
" Thus it bath pleased Almighty God to take ou( of
this transitory life unto his Divine mercy, the most
high, moat mighty, anti illustrious Prince Edward, Doke.
of Kent and Stratheru, Earl of Dublin, Knight of the;
most Noble Order of the Garter, Knight (trend Cross
the most Honourable. Military Order of the Bath, and
Kaight of the most illustrious Order of St. Patrick ;
fourth son of his late most sacred Majesty King George •
the Third, of blessed memory ; and third brother of the ,
Emit high, most mighty, and most excellent Monarch,
George the Fonrth, b' the grace of God, of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain soil Ireland, King, Defender
attic Faith, King of Hanover, and Duke et Brunswick
end Lunenburg; whom God Mess wed rep with,
Wog life, hawser. sod ell woe
- Throughout the awfol eemmony all errs tiers
upon their Royal Highnesses the Dykes of York, Cla:
more. Sussex, and Prince Leopold, whose feelings it is
almost impossible to describe. His koyal Highness the
Doke of Sussex, so lung the intimate companion and re-
sident under the same roof at Kensington Palace with
his lamented brother, in vain rallied his firmness to sup.
port him under this trying aMiction. Their congenial
feelings, the reciprocity of their active and benevolent
wool's rushed upon his mind; the sudden rupture of
their earthly connexion under circumstances so pecu•
liarly calculated to awaken the most poignant grief,
called forth all those sensations, which but the good can
Kiel, and his Royal Highness gave vent to his feelirir
unrestrained and overwhelming anguish. The grief
of Prince Leopold was manifested in a calmer but not
left expressive manner. His Royal Highness appeared
sunk in abstract contemplation. He now mourned fir
the husband of his sister—when last in the chapel be
wept over the bier of his wife, the beloved and lanienholl
danghter of England. Doubtless the pageant of dm,
ceremony recalled in rapid succession all those ridectiMla
which awaken past sorrow, and give the setae, of mos
lancholy hat unavailing vest to the best feelings of nett
naturo. The Dukes of York and Clarence seemed equally'
to feel the hitter separation to which they were doomed
front the object of their fraternal affection. This me..,
lancholy scene was doubtless rendered still more pair'
sant by the sad impression, that mournful as was tine
spectacle, It was but the prelude of the more formal,
though equally lamented burial of a parrot. who had et.-
dearest himself throughout a long reign, by the exercise
of the most lasting virtues.—Three days will scarce
elapse, before these illustrious mourners.will have to
stand on the same spot, to take a last view of the re-
mains of a beloved parent, sinking into his tomb amid:
the of attachment of a free people. The mei
satiation of these feelings could not fail to arouse the.'
acute sensibility of their Royal Highnesses, under a
combieation of circumstances at once so tuelanekoig
and distressing.
The Royal Mourners and their atten4ants immoidiate4
withdrew from the Chapel to the Castle. The reasellee
of bis late Royal Highness were then dvesitiii.in,X.
place assigqed them in the cemetery., IM earn is
eighth which this mausoleum contains. The first bait
placed here was that of Princess Amelia, the neat
-Duchess of Brunswick, his late Majesty's sister;
'third and fourth. our late lamented Princess Charlotte
and bet child; the fifth, the late Queen ; the sixth mid
seventh. the young Princes Octavio, and Alfred; and this
eighth, the Duke of Kent. His late Majesty will forth
the 9th inmate of this humbling and equalising snansion.l
Ogr late lamented Sovereign took considerafile
in the construction of this cemetery. It was begun byj
his Majesty's order to the late Mr. Wyatt, in 11116. As
excavation wrs formed in a dry rock of chalk, of the
whole length and width of the finilding, called Welsey's
Tomb-Houle, originally intended by that aterhltimul
Cardinal, as the depositary of hie remains, within the
wails of which it is enclosed, to the depth of 13 feet from'
the surface. The dimensions of the tomb are 70 feet tk
length. 29 in width, and 14 in depth. In digging the
.htondation, the remains of an embalmed female
child, it a leaden coffin, were discovered, in a state
perfect preservation. They were supposed to be t
of Eleanor, Edward's Queen, and her infant child.l4
were 'after being kept two liars open to view, again dirt.
tembod. The receptacle for bodies in deb, tomb -ate
fortoid of 'limbic octagon columns, supporting a
of lons shelves, each of which, in the space bete**, tw
milmnne, is formed to contain two bodies, the Ambit'
some of each Mile atfitrding space for 32roMns. At thi
'rem 'cad ire Ore niches, for the reception of as UMW
coffins. In the metre. 12 low tombs are etreferi foe doe
teeeptioo of Soversiikno. The sepulchre is flies calie.
Sited to receive rigistbodies. The columns are of lee
Bath stone. sod the ellefvel arc of Yoeltsblee Mute.
:ft ie a singolar foils that sbeopir-Me bgellojeety woe

STATE OF IRELAND.

_-

constantly present with Mr. *het, in the progress of, ifilllitrenran of "Apectafillilyelmi(qf sive
the formation of this tomb, it pleased Providence to from giving to the public, from the hie, eateryr
his • him the grief of seeing the interment of any mem- i tertian for s relatives, he beingionnectell "r*
her of his august family within its walls, though three of the fo.ritt viten; families in tiacot.o2). I 1
weeks bad scarce elapied after the appearance of the ; There Wert also five other peVions i witurd 16
illness which clouded the declining years of hit Majesty's ow offeuees.—(Coassunghr Jerneel.)
life, when the first coffin (that of the Princess Amelia) ,
WSW ited in the the. unfinished vomit erected by her . _____________:.
belolvirParent. With what rapid and eventful sueeei-
lISOO that vault has since been occupied, the country will
long mourn with unaffected sympathy. It is well known
i that the first symptoms of his late Majesty's malady,
which, perhaps, fortunately for his acute and susceptible
feelings, rendered him insensible to the sad mortality
i that subsequently visited his family, were caused (or at
i least to such were they attributed) by the presentation
of a mourning-ring suddenly prepared by the Princess
Amelia for her Royal Father, and which she placed on
his finger as he took leave of her at the close of one of
his daily visits, the week (we think) before she died.—
The Kings mind was shaken on the occasion, and it
i pleased Providence that the first bulletin of the phy-
i 'winos announcing the nature of his disorder, immedi-
istely preceded that of the medical attendants notifying
the death of the Princess, his youngest and fondest
daughters from whom he bad but a few days before
parted in perfect health, and who filled the first compart-
ment in this lonely mansion, which has since, in rapid
'accession, received as many inmates from the late King's
fandijr,as (with the exception of one) years have elapsed
keine, its construction.
The town of Windsor presented throughout the day a
scene of extraordinary bustle. Every house of puhlic
entertainment vas thronged to excess. Carriages of all
descriptions were seen pouring in from every direction.
His Royal Higlancss the Duke of York arrived on Friday
night, and his Royal Brothers and Prince Leopold
reaches! the Castle on Saturday evening. They dined
with their Royal :lighnesses the Princess Augusta and
the Duchess of Uloacester. At the Lodge, the temporary
residence of Mr. Mash, a dinner was prepared for the
lkohleureo and Gentlemen who formed part of the pro-
I cession within the Chapel. These individuals proceeded
Ito the Chapter at eight o'clock, where they were placed
in the order already described. The whole ceremony
was brought to a close at ten o'clock, when the bustle
'of departure again threw the town into confusion. Most
.of the members of the Royal Family returned to town,
, as did a great number of other individuals who had been
I present, and thus, till a late hour yesterday morning, the
-read presented a line of vehicles of various descriptions.
di* progress of which was greatly retarded from the ha-
rassed state of the horses.

MAI
Ott.

I •
Dublin
• Waterford ....
1 Guernsey and Jersey .. 0
0 Gottealbw's%
U Ilasburgh 3

PRI('E OF STOCKS Tull
Bank Ktock

men.
I•
Ileadies • ............
I Franey
I 0 lAibnn .
0 Maim
4...1

D.tY AT ON O't
Inglis Mock
Ditto !fonds 13s. DA."
Old Inrittities
E. Hills. td. 3s. 9s. pt
Ditto Coro.
Demises
Con. for kr. AM
Lntt. Tick►ts in 131

3 per Cent. Red. 19,1 SO
3 per Cent. Cons. MCI
a; pe► Cent.
4 per Cents. Win
b per Ct. War) 1041 103
Long Ass. 184 3-10
3 per Cent. Ann.

Vie Aptatechnan.

LONDON:
KOSDAT, IPSSRUARY 14. 1920. ,

Paris papers to the I Ith inst. hare come t
The Chamber of Deputies met on Wednesd
proceeded to the further comideration of tl
regarding the purchasers of National D
The law, after much angry discussion, 'slat to
Ilth Article, was adopted, and the debak is
then adjourned till the following day.

COVNTT GA LwAT.—The entire connty of dalway, frith
the exception of the one insular (Arran) Red the three
western baronies, Movrullen, liallinaltinch, and Ross,
are declared by the Magistrates to be in a state of dis-
turbance. _ _

FAA' RIORT, Fos. 6.—Letters from Vienna arlrn
thit the Prince de Metternich has submitted s. fun
propositions to the Ministers forming the mp
The recent organisation of the peasants of Lit Kai
been confirmed by the Emperor AlexAnder ; the Ali
entire liberty of this useful class of citizens lash
solemnly proclaimed at Riga : thus, whilst Wisp
deliberating at Vienna upon the means to tee sap
tical liberty, the Emperor of Russia steadily p am"
system of enfranchisement in favour of the petals
his vast empire, in which lie means to about Idif
sonal slavery.
FRINCH Ft:stns.—Fire per Cents., :4 fr. IQ
•
lions, 1432 fr. 50 c.

1
' county of lialway, held at Lutighrea, on Thursday, the
' 3d of *Fehruary,'lti2o. for the purpose of considering its
disturbed state, there were not fewer than forty-eight
!
Iliyistrates, exclusive of the High Sheriff, on the Ikoch.
By the resolutions passed at this meeting it appears
the Peace Preservation Act would not be found sufficient
i to restore the county to tranquillity, or to secure its
! continuance. Three hundred and sixty policemen for
itch a connty,•iu.such a state as it was described to as,
6 e wetted, prov
e toially nageatory. Three theses
number would we declares!. he findioradirs. el.
ielast. the object in view; soca appears so here been
oil,
' the opinion of tlie assembled gentry of Galway. Bet we
' did imagine Alit -an active and vigilant co-operation of
the country gentlemen with the well-affected portion of
their tenantry. wettld be able, in the end, to restore the
! county to that state of comparative quiet which it has
etijoyigl for the last twenty yeses. The resolutions in-
form us, that such associations are in progress--and we
still hope, that when sufficiently arranged, they will he
found competent for the purpose. The gentlemen of
i " Ualway, however, though they recommend and advo-
rate the system, are of opinion, that they require still
greater powers, and a more extensive military aid. lo
short, they have conic to a resolution to instinct their
Representatives in Parliament, to pray for the re-enact-
• ment of the Insurrection Act, which was suffered to die
a natural death, and we had fondly hoped would not be
{ called again into being. To that Art we have had, and
! shall, we believe, always continue to have, the most deci- '
ded antipathy. It is at war with the first principles of the
I Constitution. Its operation is subject to the grossest
`abuses. It puts his Majesty's subjects beyond the pale
of the ordinary law. But it is useless now to state our
I objections against, and it would certainly be indeco-
roux, and would imply an inordinate degree of conceit ,
I to oppose our opinions to that of a whole county, and ,
!such a county as Ualway. Upon the necessity of this
Imeasure it appears there was no difference of 'opinion.
Though there might be some minor disagreement. as to !
tSe parts of the county which were to be subjected to the
1 Peace Preservation Act, there was no difference it should
I seem, of applying the Insurrection Act to the disturbed I
districts. 1 he very meeting of the Magi strates,i n the centre ;
of the county—the very publication of the resolutions—
I the isetwsteei even of the Insurrection Act will hare a ea- '
lutary effect on the peasantry. We stated la oar last, as
,F-Our opinion, that a Commission would be a salutary
measnre. Perhaps the approach of the Anises would
render • special Commission unnecessary. But the As-
Meet, we rather think, wilt be found to operate most fa.
'notably on the county, and -Nee should hope, that its
effects would be so salutary, as to convince tientlemen of
Worn, that there will be no further uccaiton foe the
I I osonectisser Att. •
The &Bowleg art extracts from the Tea* and tialway
Papers. If the Magistrates proceed with the cart here
stated, we do think that .the Insarrettion Act will be I
'-`

The latest French Papers do not furnisl Is
of satisfactory news respecting Spain, ash
portant affairs, at this cretin' juncture. :
stitutionnel of Thursday, the loth inst.
not a word of Spain throughout all its whit
Journal de Pare*, indeed, from a B.
Paper, gives the extraordinary information ;
revolted army was concentrated in the ,Y de
Leon, after having failed in two attempt, ll*
I St. Ferdinand, which place, it adds, was
spectabte stall of defence! Now, the mg job§
absurdity of all this is, that St. Ferdinat le
other name for the Isle of Leon. All Ilia pl
us in mind of a quidnunc inquiring aft *
when he is told that " the Dutch have ti be
land."--Surprising ! Every Frenchman (
the French are in general scieotillc) is c eta
fallible geographer. The son ofa noble* as
the Court of the Thuilleries asked an
gentleman, who had been introdueed *ll.
Court, which route be had come from L
Paris, whether by water or through Holk MO I
the public could be informed by the In
themselves of what is their design, the am
of France and England would be spared a
deal of useless conjecture.

Tbo following are further particulars
operations in New Granada and Veoewel
middle of November:—

General Bolivar was, on the 30th of Om •
Gusaquadulito,with about 6,300 men, oo h
for Grams. Arimnendi had quitted Aviv
take the command of the Army of the Co
is, of Comma and Barcelona, and was es;
collect 6,000 troops, to co-operate with t
visions. The eracution of St. Fernando
Sneed. Poor Cot. Robhe died of his w
The proposals which General Bolivar Ina
an exchange of planners are as follow :,--
I. The °Setts mat Warn talme at form
I. Marrs sad soldiers whoa so earths
Rasta Martha.

•
3. Ousels' serving in the armies.
4. Those iq the Presidio,.
His Excellency the Vice-President has al,
acammts from the Commander-its-Chia of th
the West, General Pus ; in which he state
mencement of operations according to instre
the surrender of ('acata, and the evacuation
nand°, which the enemy considered as a a
tar. General Bolivar cookl have raised au
Granada to any lumber, but had not sulk
to are the volunteers; but it is impossihl
to withstand the cotublned movements of
shoving to assail bits on every point.

iiiSll, ilio/111411. Fri. 7.—We have much satisfaction
in hearing *at the Rev. J. O'Rorke, who Is so distin-
taisheii for his brave and effyvtnal resistaaai to those
[ ruffians under the name el Ribbons's'''. who are destroy-
'on, the pates of the country, ea Wednesday night, hate-
-1 ing under his orders* party of nillitAry, cause up with 'a
body of them within s mile of Tom, and, without much
difficulty, male nineteen prisoners. They have been
transmitted to Galway gaol. where sixteen others were
sent in the course of the previous week.
MOa the night that r. "(Moths and Mr. Making?, of
Abbert, went out in pursuit of Ribbonmen. as stated in
our last, they divided the ferry under their orders, and 1
the latter (Methane, detected a party sitting la can!
mitt**. He made them prisoners and seised sore of
their papers, which give Interesting information respect-
ing their plans.
The small detachment of the 39tb Regiment stationed
in Clare, in this county, has been reinforced by a aim-
Ipuny from thin town. The order. ease from Govern-
wait. and the proceedings of the &Monona caused it.
.—(May. Constiartion.)

At a moment like this, when oi
esteemed, branch of the Royal House
has Past been consigned to the tomb,
of that Honse is also about to be (1(

Royal Mausoleum, with other parts
family, it would appear unseasenal
theme. political topics which may,
injury, be deferred for a few day.
nation is renerous--it altictionate 1
Magistrate for his many pirate eirt p
his reign has not been marked. 1

OA LwAy, oy DAT, Fa.. 7.--Comthitted to tbe County
gaol on Friday last, hy the Rey. John 011orke, niae
tees permits charged with marauding in the neighbour-
hood of Tam, armed with pikes, pitchforks, serUs,
Same day, by the key. lobs Orr, of thboosogo, Iwo
persons chin with Wag Itibbeanuni.
.by lbo Wag
Hon. lard Clociibrook, the..
prone*, loWa a sfoi4r Igele•—.Re iof whoa

national prosperity, yot has his des •

-. I
