CHEAP WARD.

2 2
Mr. 2
W. 1 1
Mr. Care 1 0
J. IL Bow 1 0
Mr. R. Litek 1 1
Henry Lampert 1 1
Mr. F. 1
Mr. Phelps 1 .1
Mr. Thompson 1 1
w. T. 1 1
T. B. 2 2
Mr. J. Coillinge 2 0
Mr. 'larding 2 2
Mr. Walker 2 2
Messrs. Puller 2 2
Mr. S. Petry h 0
Mr. Swan 2 2
T. Ir. 1 1
John Fitzgerald. E.g. 5(1
J: P. Grant, Esq. M. P. 5 5
Small Subscriptions 4 It)
W. A. Miles, Fsq. 5 5
Wm. Buratto, Esq. 20 0
Mr. Pickard 5 0
Mr. Hattem.k.Noitingham 10 0
A. Grant, Esq. 9 9
Mr. Fuller, ntirtlttleet I
Compmators, Pres.;-
men, Jee. at she
Ssawstiatii Office
E•trl Cory
QV. 17.1.
litre, w.er Liverpool 20 0
Mr. C. Sutitto. Pria-
ter. Nottio4hsm 2 2
A few Friend, rn Free-
dom at the sir Frao-
ci4 Barden, ditto 1 0
T. S. per Messrs.
Hoare nod C... 20 0
Mr. Mitchell. Newcastle 2 2
F. Maarteri, Esq. 1 1
1 0
A Friewt in the Cause 10s. 64
Ct. 0 'osiers. Esq. South-

Mr. Smith. ditto
Two Friends to the
Cou.e, ditto 1 0
Mr. Mager, Cambridge 1 0
W. E. Burke, I.;.‘q. 5 l)
j." Collier, Esq. Ply-
ernarh 5 0
A few Friends nt Boston 3 3
Mr. Howell, Cambridge 2 0
Mr. linden. ditto 1 0
John Tennant, F..n. b 5
Mr. E. A. Fordhaio 1 10
E. S., Southwark 5 0
A fete F. lends, at Mr.
J. Pei re's, Perk-
lane. Noitinghans 31. 4c. firl.
Lord Holland 10 0
Hems- Sehultes, Esq.
Reading
Henry Lezord,
Beverley 5 5
An Old Friend 5 0
Joseph Birch. F.q.
M. P. of Red noz-
zles, mar Liverpool 10 0
Messr, Green 1 0
J. B. 2 2
Mr. W. Clark. Coventry, 1 0
Mr. Abraham Ilerbert,do. 1 0
Mr. Charles Bill, do. 1 0
Mr. Jllllll Clark, CIO. 0 111
Mr. Joseph Riley, do. 0 5
(11411111 i,, of Tavistork 10 0
Mr. Ri.bert Preston,
Liverpn..l
Mr. W. Preston, do.
Mr. R. Pre.ons, do.
Mr. P. Woods, do.
Mr. 0. Henry. do.
Mr. J. Fairfield, do.
Mr. Sam. dn.
Mr. 11. Ellison. dn.
Rev. W. Shepherd, do.
Mr. Thos. Seddon, do.
Mr. Jos. Harvey. do.
Mr. Enoch Waver. do.
Mr. W. Hervey, do.
Mr. John Dirvev, do.
Mr. J. R. Freme, do.
W. T. dn.
J. D. T do.
Erin ro torah, do.
Mr. John Clarke, dn.
Mr. Thos. Hatton, do.
Mr. Jas. Lord. do.
Mr. Randle., do.
Mr. T. F.yr.., do.
Mr. W. Bower, dn.
A Friend to the Li-
berty of tbe P•ess
Discolor B. Gilchrist,
Edinburgh
Mr. Smith, Liverpool
Mercury
Mr. R. Lack
Mr. Wm. Barnard
Josepa Martin, Esq.
R. Ctinlite, Esq.
Blackburn
Mr. Benjamin Firmer

AT a WA 11.DN10 I t . holden at St. Lawrence's
Church. in and for the Watt, Chem.. if, ne Ctly of
Litedon, nn Thin-Way. the 414 Jaw of Deire•ohee. 1815, before
Ow Worshipful SAMUEL (11101itE11(.11.:•:, R1t1erITI:111
thrre,f, f r the Rir. ri. n .if War tiiSeers f.,, the year ensuing.
ttrp•Avill Untinintita4%• That Ike 'Fbrinits of this Wardmote
he welt t Samuel bon behere, Eq. .dermin fur his tril•
lui ni and unressettred otteminss to the Interest toe his Fellow
Citizeitts. ~rut in particular t • lite I..habitain. of this mei
a 1.., Co- his ioipattial eond.iet iii the Chair the the prearnt urea.
Biro.
Trim the Thank, of the W. Mount, he alio given In Mr. De-
pity Lumley, Mr. Genre, Firoraint, Mr. Samuel Hal Mr.
Richard hen.- gl right. Mr. Thorny'. Swift. Mr. .I.,iin Smith.
Mr. Rieh:tro It.ithweit, Mr. Melt :rd Drank, Mr. John l'errell.
Mr. William Eduard Smith, Mr. Cesar:es Miller, r,na Mr. Jo-
areh the Commit Conned althis Wart,. f.ir their able
rend diligeht to. he Muriel n• their office, n:al for the
pooh. al Ise- ever pay in the fahattitMll• of the WarJ.
Thal the a .rtve Resolutions he 4ened by the Ward Clerk,
sad yam .heo in three Morning :snit three Eseuine Nenspapers.
S.C. W EST, Ward Clerk.

8 10
20 0

WAIMROOK WARD.
•
AT a WARDNIOTK 11,.:(1 at Softer's-Hall, before
the .JOHN ATKINS. Fioq.'M. P. Alder-
OEM of tili. Wfint. on T.!u.v1;1%. the 41st day of Deromter,
1815, for the elptire of Ward Odieers f,r the sear Hollins.

5 0

1.1(
ampinn
Jame. Thnnsn.. Esq.
of Mount Si. Albans 2 '2
Calmly! JAn-na 5
Mr. J-ha Baru‘trd '2 0
R. P. gwaine, Esq. Lee& 3 0
Mr. Wheeler 2 0
it,..,r4w, Esq. 5 0
P. Crompton, M. D. 5 0
C. 11. and Co. 5 0
H. C. n. 5 0
J. A. Yates, Esq. 3 0
A. Z. 3.0
A Corn Merchant 2 0
P. Scholev, Eq. 2 0
Sir. P. licit 1 1
A few Erica& in Kent 1 7
E. vt. Msrret, Lsq.
Ledbury
P. Manners, E-q.
rid subscriptiou),

IrrWenwerc 0.-circle/ Caminito Conan-H-
-ee., n. viz.:—Mr. Deputy, William'. Mr. Pearce, Mr. hell. Mr.
KYdr. Mr. Rttf/s Mr. Mali, Mr. Woodward, and Mr. Hey.
Wood.

fte.nived tbrintnimply, Thoot the Tbankoo of this W ,•,loncite
lie given 1., Jona Atkins, Esq. Alderman of this Wnrd. in one
of 'hi. Representatives in Parliament, fot his upright and
ii~isutioal couuturt as Niatistrale, his unleiniubie attention in
rge of his dhty in Parliament. in supporting the just
pri%olegroi of the City niv Location in particular. the interests of
44'. ("sow% ill :corral. and for his polite attention and lode.
P441'1041 conduct this day in Itle Choir.
Revolved, That the fo7eg.olo g he insert rd in the
alsol and by the Wart. Clerk.
(Sign,d) het) TitOkIAS, Ward Clerk.
19, Waihrimk, 21,1 Dec. 1.115.

10 0

5 5

10 10

2 2
1 1
2 0
10 0
0
1 0

4 4
1 1

FOGS AND DAMP AIR.
BARCLAY'S ASTIIMATIC CANDY has for
malty • ears beets• proved tl mnpt efectual pre,e, vablat
fr'Kl /he ili Pirelli of FOGS and ()AMP AIR. o at this
:e:114111 of the year are so prelndleiol to finale whn are :iliected
INlth AS Ell ATIC COUGHS and stioRTNESS of
BREATH. It. ellecis nre to ripe; Wind, to aefetal the to.
amen from the taimisbino 44f Damps, atnl la relieve those who
tef,r from a dial' uli) nf Breathitt*
P"Paretl ..ti!‘.' nod sold o b.drale on 4 mini!. by Barclay and
°, N. P 5, rleet market ; and retail by all Venders of Me-
kach.c in Non ond
Uhscr‘e ti' name of Burclay and Sousse the Stamp.

10
1 0

Gen. Turner.
Sun.Well,,Jnn. Esq.
Cnrr. Esq. A-k-
-han', o. 'r York 10 0
Wytouurso, Eby. 5 5
J C. 1 0
MaroutlakeShaw, Esq. 2 0
J. D. J. 10,. Od•
Js•hut Grijby, Eq.
• Busy JO 0
FAtrard L swsnn. F.sq. 1 0
The Frernsis is Flee-
tdowns the Hunch&
Arms,Nottiogikus

-

Friends to the Liberty
of she Preis. North-
umberland Aron,
Cler►enwell-crecu 3 13
The Youthful Friends
of Fn edoin. i• she
Borough of Lewes 3 0

3o

'S

.

Other Friends of Free passing of which they were, its reality, rant at all irisEnquiry, an,l Rea-
ders ~1 the State,- tereated. That measure was said to be for the pro-•
min, Bolton 41141.64. tection of agriculture ; but it was, in Nee, for the -
John Burliest, F.,q, protection of taxation. The Ministers at first seem,
Woodend Cottage,
,ez . g edeilseitoiduintfteer,:,nnutceadhosuirt the
irmyattpearr,naenit:,,
4;111%1e:di:,
jraBthiesai 2....
near Arbroath
Mr. H. F. flntri,.,.n
proposed the Bill.
Hare Townsend. E.g. 10 1;
t finding, in 181.4, that no. •
Mr. Charles 1);.‘ 1 0
' Firstsobstripiionfcom • body else would en take the thing, they under- •
a few Flynt( of
Freedom in Wan. took it themselves ; and, then, the London News-
dueler, by /41r. papers, wi.o had in the moat outrageous manner.,
Jacksni; 90 0 abused Sit 11. Parnell and the land-owners, tacLed
I 0 'suddenly shout, and abused still more outravousier, .
A few friends at Co-
yeatil, by Mr.aree,i
Edward Iwystitant, Esq. 1 0 the opposers of the Corn Bill.
lellestaubeeer 1 0 One would think that this would serve as .e eau.
ij el lion to the Westerns and the Cokes, epperially singe
G. Cowie
Mr. Bond
t Mr. Davis. • es. 64. • they have seen, that the Corn Bill produced stone.of
" resaibras"
Ii• b 0 the effects that they expected from it ; that theyi
The tie., tort not the 1 0
were merely supporters of taxetien, and that .they,
I Abuse, of the Pre.4 1 1 loaded themreves with ill-e ill for nothing at Ml.—,
1 Alexapendci a.r
aura
41e11ops A 0 Mr. Western, who wrote paraphlete,„ I ,beli..ye, ea ,
B eh
tamunet 2 0 well as made speeches, must by this time, begin • tp:
Dr. Lindsay- 1 1 discover, that it was not, as he thought.tfor ther-foresso•
R. it. S.ly, Esq. by
the halals of Mr. A. mars, that, in reality, be was pleading ; but, for, the.
Gallnway 5 0 placeman, the army, the navy, and the. fund-holden..
Mr. Herron*. 1 i The landlord, and his tenant willbe pressed hard this,
eatseriptions received by Samuel Brooks, Esq. %rani ; Mr. year, and some of them next year; but, theist ups
•
commodities that very soon find their proper Welt !
Rulawria, Hookwller, Piccadilly; Mr. Wee, New Rossetti-
cense, eareettreet; Mr. A. Gall ,was, Holborn; Mr. Nam, and that nothing can wholly sweep away. LC syseet:
wisher), square, Fleet-weer; Mr. Hardy, Fleet-street; at were to fall to ss. a bushel, which is not impretieblee,
the lee at the Crown nod Anchor Tavern, •StraLd ; the onire Mr. Western and his testate*, instead of 14/..ilat i
~r the STATESMAN Newspaper; awl by the Secretary, 45,
Lint-street, Southwark. taxes would pay ss. His 30001. a year woukkerioreite,
In
;bear
)ain.seasgtreosataidlinteostsfota.nhgi;ipliar.ssopix,ahriestyp9in.4.ot.yol,
t..Aaixiireeiwn:iltioolowd.,robxreptahee3cvcreteethel...,ie.vonices44:l6.fieirt.
. .
1, TO THE
e
CLUNCELLOR OP THE EXCHEQUER.
-4...-• man for 71. a year instead of 211. His• eneoheitessest
i. . LETTER VI. I would cost him WI. each,insteed est 601..L.-en* , **sr* ft
• that his style of living would be less ellowv--* bet •
taterostrro A LETITII TO THE PEOPLE OT AMERICA ON - - • • "-- - 1 11-44,,
1 would that of every body else ; and li4wooksLatipell
Ttsc PSaSENT aysvalas THEIR MOTHF.II COUSITEX. . ..
his proper place end suitable state in society' Ipii:
[CONCLUDED allots OUR PAPER OP YESTERDAY.] are almost eagetabout gaining the; Char' eat ' ,
'At this momentous crisis, and before any mete; keeping ; and this is the true Cease of the trims DU'
sore be even brought forward, I have chosen to re. the land-owners-late year.
peat my former opinions, to re-place them before if, therefore, the land-owners be WISP, they will,:
Me eyes of my readers, and to call the attention of this time, be silent. Notwitleataudieg. my jene, at• •
these either t.i the fulfilment or the falsification of tny;, the close of my last letter, their mattes will nest, A
predictions. My position al says has been, and.lo.-',4111:0 they be not • egregious fools, " slip through their
is, that, either the paper must continue in a deenee'l fingers." They have only to stand; and let the
eiatee state, or, that the interest of the debt caniebtl thing take its course. They canuot he made to pay
be peel in full; in other words, that the Batik muse,: direct taxes beyond their itteassues, another year.—
-. . •
in peace, as well as in wit, continue to be protected One year, will
by law against dement% of cash-payments, or, that ' of their tension .
the lowest of theAkebt must be lowered. , !the indirect '
All over the country, people are talking about the' concern of a
lowering of rents. In some places landlords are ter. Let tl
complained of for no* lowering. • Its Detonshire, it : strong beer, ~
appears, that a mateie threatened with a prosecution.:' wine from Abein
for libel for hitting attacked 'a -bandloed ors-this; Minktvkitar
score. In 1810. Lord King ta as abused for calling- Even (-lie
open his !celeste: to pay rents in specie. A law was ruined, by
passed to protect tenants nee's( such demands. tivir expert
And, is it jest now to abuse Lord 'King if he do spirits, are in
not reduce his rents? Were the- tenants to have all' rich farmer .
.. .
.. ng his
the advantages of depreciatibn ; all the advantage* of living down, at once, to the popostine of ',tie it'at..-
high prices ; and is Lord King to k.ive all the disarl. ss. a bushel, Le would be as well s:ff as be vines four;
vantages of low prices ? I hate Were 5:10N 11, that, years ago. Ile would live a •less showy life. He
to reduce rents, will no! better the condition of the • would hare no sofas, carpets, awl, pirleur eel's ;,
Government or the Fundholder, but the question his wife and daughters ws.nuld .wear eseesillt' shoes,'
here is, whether the tenants can, in justice, call upon- and would certainly use iseithee ;mint nor peseentete,
' the landlord to reduce his rents, as they never rte The .Novel-Trade, of which 'Ley are a main prop,
them on account of high prices. When men are in would els.cline. But, there is the Bible Society to,.
distress, they are out of hummer : they have not time, supply them with matter for reading, and Biblia sere
and are not in a di-preition, to listen to reason.— too, priated upset utttaxd paper. Hower*, ,At,
Eight Lords proteetedeagainst the Bill for compelling %sheet continue at Gs. or 7s. a bushel, down the festisk
landlords to take payment in paper-money ; and a, houses must come to the old mark. 'file change wig
I ninth, Lord Holland, added to his • protest these not be a change for the worse; the country will be
I worsts: •6 For the reason nssigned on the other aide, • full as happy as if wheat u ere aga'n 15s. a bushel;
; and because the repeal of the law for suspending and, One only difficulty will be, where to lieed the mo-,
Bank payments in cash Its in my judgment the only ney for the Government people, the Ailmy, the lysebr
;.measure which can cure the incoovenionces already and the Fund-holders; a difficulty. with which, as,a e., es
felt, and avert the yet greater calamities which are far as I can see, the Landlords and' Farmers have
impending from the present state of the circulation of nothing at all to do. ,
, the country." . • The 'Tradesmen must follow the Landlords and.
Upon this I observed, in " l'nper against Gold," Farmers. They must all come down, if any comel
1 page 468, as follows :—" En the Pretest of the eight down. It will Ate a len luterioes oommunity; that
Peers I heartily concur; hut I do sett agree with' is all. These that live by fureishisig mere luxuries,,
Lord Holland in his addition to it, if Isis Lordship will turn their-hands to other kinds of labour. One
..
means to say, that it is possible to resume cash pay. wine.merehant will setfi,ce for a whole city ; nor do
ments at the Bank. To pay the notes its gold upon I despair of seeing theeinte, when this an tide will,
demand, agreeably to tire pronliFe upon the face of in country towns, be dispensed only, as formerly,
the notes, is certainly the only close for the inron- from the Apothecary's shops.
veniences already felt and the calamities now ins- Ridiculous as you, in America, who drink Ma-,
pending; hut that it is utterly impossible to adopt deira wine like water, may think this, I assure you,.
this cure is, to my mind, tint less certain. His Lord- that to this it must come., unless new AA vopiaue
ship proceeds upon the motion of Mr. Horner and issues of paper-money lake place. By papprenicteey.
the Bullion Committee, namely, that the cause of the we have been raised up, awl downs we must coulee
depreciation consists of an excessive issue of paper, unless sustained by pen persenoney• It is quite coriom
which is very true, if you compare the geniality of to see how the thing works upon us. A littlperbile,
the paper with that of the gold, or of the real trans- ago, nuboddy thought it worth while to look artiis
actions of purchase and sale, bet ween man and matt ; copper-money that he took in 'change. Faith! we,
but which is not true, if you compare the quantity of already begin to count the pennies, and even the
paper with the amount of the Dividends payable on half-pennies. They begin to be something of value,
the National Debt; and, I would beg leave to put, This is a fact worth a thousand Essays on the Ne.
with sincere respect, this question to Leal Holland : tional Debt and Sinking Fund.: I used, when
.1
If cash payments were restored, wet money, as breakfasted-at aninn, to give the wisher 61 i now,.
must be the case, were restored to its former value, gibe him 3d. I used to dine on the way from 13utler
where does does your Lordship think would be to London • I now make a stout breakfast, at
found the means of paying the dividends ?'" home, last the journey. At the different stages,
Cash payments are Ott, indeed, restored, nor any ' when people travel i:s post-chaises, they give the
thing like it ; bet, the paper 411, by some means or post-chaise driver money, as he receives no wages
other, been diminished in quantity, and without re- from his master. To brink these gentlemen down
storing cash payments, Lord Holland, I dare }WV, to the present standard of wheat is the most diffieult
sees clearly enough, that it will be difficult to' find task that I have to perform. Far as you are
the Means of paying the dividends at the Bank from • from me, and though. there. is the sea, between
taxes raised on the country,. even.-this eyesaren. eed. I ' Ins I would undertake to cnevitsce you of
cast hardly suppose, that be thinks it possible to do : the justice of this much sooner than I would
it for a year to coma. i undertake. to convince, tbem of it.—l gene,
Before I conciedea cannot help addressing-a Lew I rally begin thus :--" Whet do you give fut
words to the English land-owners, who, last year, ; the Quarters' Loaf now,
,my lad ?" " Ciglitpence,
did the work of the Ministry, and very foolishly in.
181r.' " Eight peoce 1 evehe Avis not OH so
.tnvolp
curred almost all the odium Of the Corn Bill, iu the as you used to give." !;.1141,4,blesseti-bf Gods *Sirs
, 'n. • .
•
•
. •.,-1:i , • ; , • - ,

. •

`-§,
fk,A

'I

a .1' •

.

.. . ~..~

'-.

•

„,#

-.: '

J ...

•es;fs4:4l-1.,

•

•

down." " Il.re, my good fellow ; lisle taxes, fees, lies, nr penalties, other than such duties It is stated from Berlin, hi the 2figeadine Zeibiag, sotWoctleo of the nation, who'll,/ tolled
ponce for you." 64 Eighteen pence, Sir ! of cotton's as are mere regulations of trade, on the that a German Sovereign (meaning proiebly the thnosel tell, and been taxed to an enormous
In a) t used to give me half-a .crown."— ilabitants, by any other authority than the (Resta.
King of Pittrista) is reported to have declared to to bring about this success, hes been the conti
very true, my g .04 fellow; but, you now sure of this Wand, competed as aforesaid, is attn. i
'mad, end I seal my Ns heat, for lets then gisiher unconstitutional, end a violation of their ! Lows XVIII. through the medium nf.his Ambaaso. !sties to the tionidatioi of British claims
Frame. This contract for ,
mer price." " I don't know, not 1, any dared rights. i dor, that unless souse vigorous mestere* are taken Government of
it that." 64 But, sou told me just now, "4. That the inhabitants pf this Island have not by the French Government, in respect of the pews.. meet of old debts, which have be. a long
if was sold at eiehtpence, and you blessed had the liberty and privilege of elective and sending
ei cution of the Priteitints in the South of France, he and are certainly of most difficult ea(
notwithstileilliarsti the Itipulations that
; why shoal,' y" .av, to extort Irmo ma any Knights and Burrows, or other", in represent I sill give these unhappy people an asylum in his do.
iFtinkjuatorthl Ito t.renty-pence?" "As ! them in the (Ugh Cowl of Parliament, and rayloto ; . . I made yes aerie. them, mar be exhibited
tsie- Id" ritice) sl don't know any thing the condition of their minter and-ought not be' 161"1°"s* - happy result of the peace. We earnestly
(V 4 4 4 %Veil, hut lot us act justly-.—"-. bounden •by laws, or toughed and grieved by sis'3,i. . ft (hes appears that even in Prassia, and throe;b -
inlet turns any thing about that !" ." But dies, fees, or pettaftie., colleted, granted, and ins. out Germany, the sufferings of the persecuted sea it fulfilled—bet, atria it ilt°"11 an •
posed ; French Protestants have awakened the liveliest feel- , without their assent, other thin such ellernal 1 stimulus of many millions for France to to
Not I dein hone anything about that!"
,
lo'', if you Wert listen to -•••••••••" 'r No, regulations, in respect of commerce, as are neres- : jog with us as soon as the eati—and mach
of sympathy in their behalf. To what a dread-
't hoot" any thing about that." By this airy for the common we'll of the Emiiire. . her ability et well as her inclination e'er
in his successor's 'se, and away I gn, ! 44 5. Taut the Inhabitants of this Island hare al- i
;it . ful height must these persecutions have been carried,
charge these claims. The mutt of the '
*hole inn yard iii. motion, landlord, ways acknowledged the power tied authority of . when, in spite of the efforts of the French Go-
waterloo has shown that France ails not
chambermaid, coo • ter, hautboy and Parliament to Rabe all law. necessary for the ge- ! vertinient to stifle all knowledge of the horrible
g—eroes Power to her neighbours which they
ing to the 4spetiliwn, tht dialogue, and 'writ benefit of the Empire, or affecting the whole f
louts, anti the no less zealous conduct of the agents
what I could mean, • ; subjects thereof, for regulating our external rola- settled her. France, it eipphare, could not
•
Ind core for all this is, .however, what +'+of despotism and corruption in this and other tinny, navigation, trade, and commerce, and have herself from invasion, instead of being arr
lopted. People travel in an humbler style. I, not been disposed captiously . to -raise difficulties countries to distort and misrepresent the olefin. the power of carrying her fermi, plans of sal
) used to go in post-chaises, now cram i about the exact limits between this constitotiouol chely circumstance', the truth, the lamentable troth, into the bait of other States. But the ,
.. into* stage-coach ; and those who used jurisdiction attd.lise right nf internal,legislation. ' should become so widely known, that thousands ambition of the Vienna Conelate saw a fresh
the stage-coach, now go on the stage-teach ; ' "
.6. That this Committee ;does further, with
of ...
rrotestants were antreving martyrdom, and all tuatity of diminishing the remsitsing strength
who plied to An on it now go upon their grief, ecknowledgo that the Bsitish Parliament has
eortsmitomee of this to the Funsi.brilders in fact, but net of right, made divers laws, by which ; manner of outrages, for their faith, whilst Pro- rival ; and we were so generous as to help them
Government, is, that there is less post-horste the inhabitants of this Island ere grieved Nod 'event States and Protestant Armies, claiming the attainment of, we hope, all lisdir wishes.
, (ed. per mile); folos.ohoi,ps, post-horses, touched, by being deprived of the benefit of cum- !title of Deliverers of Mankind, calmly looked on, If he, by Goo's command, was to be envied
waiters, ostlers (for all of whom a tax is examining the evidence eabibited by British Cush. and beheld the horrible scenes with indifference I ' removed his neighbour's landmark; what *secretions
;opt; MOW inn windows are stopped ark; tors in our Courts, and by an extension of fire 1 ...,
give in We give in another place some pleasing proofs of do they not deserve who remove all the '
rood spirits ere *oak upon the • zood ; less. powers of the Court of Admireity, unknosin in
by, ithe exertions of the Friend, isf Religious Freedom feuces, and securities, that whole naiad"
.., ee, ottillairs undies and asep,,are the Mother enquiry, and unnecessary here ;
lout ; and, iwthis way the revenue will soon which the inhabitants are deprived of 'their pregertyt in this Country to alleviate the distress 'of their sof. only for their lauds, bet their liberties
•xperience a great diminution. . without the intervention of .a Jury. '. feting brethren in France, and some farther metal). to preistratathem at the feet of one single person
I now conclude with an apology for-the "7. That it has been• the received opinion that rho!), details of these persecutions. The expression But these are Jacobin mermen mid !-
this letter; but, I could oot, in a shorter many of these laws originated from causes which et. ,
of
. public feeling which has been called forth in this views of things, some will trey; recollect
you the information, which I wished fisted in the Colonies that formerly were subject to..
'possess, and which I am sure you will re.. Greet Britain in North America; but it was hoped country is said to have quickened the steps of the Divine), the necessity now for absolute pat
no other quarter. Our newspapers are that laws so subversive of constitutional priecipies i Authorities in France. let that expression of ab. diem* to the will of the ruling posters and
useful truth ; and, besides, the ignorance would not he further dgywn into precedent,, and elite- horrence of tyranny then thunder in the ears of Id. barthetu they may heap upon as.—Coercive'
ter part of their editors is equal to their dally that it would never be proposed to offir greater goo_
I
y, cruelty, and intolerance, till they become standing armies will finish the glorious work .
In the Rdlnburgh Reline the authors of 1 violence to the constitutional rights of .this colony, : k - d
of
.as ante their netures, and,mankina shall be per.' versal subjection—still the stale of tbe. country
being yet out of place, or, at least, the whose loyalty and attachment to the mother country "
pot of them, you may, perhaps, read some- ' have ever been unimpeachable. ' mitted to enjoy the rights that GOD has given them. ; speak trumpet-tongued is *Pito of ohl thew,
the " distresses of agricaltare," accom- "8. That we have seen with surprise and concern I ' —ow.-- i people will be but true to themselves, their
ith unintelligible observations about "ca- i the draught of a Bill said to have bees, printed by : ::W"rhave for some tine. past been looking on the ' terests, and privileges. The present and
it exoliaogssa," in the style of their l order of the Commomi House'of parliament, entitled affairs of France as approaching a crisis, contem. ! Lig condition of.this kingdom is, indead, enough ,
countryman, Adam Smith, whose darkness has given , ' A Bill for effectually preventing the unlawful in. plating the gradual decay of the freedom and pro- I startle the most insensible oat of their iwlilnreaos
• reputation of being deep, and from whom portation of Slavin, and the holding free persons in speriti of that once rich and beautiful, now unhappy, ior neutrality. Commerce now yields no adoentsr,
part of Oor professed economists have : slavery, in the British Crilonies." 'which flames a 1..:. I
talk glibly ahead what they do not under- i right of legislation within the Islatid upon a. atihjeet "lITy, as one in a decline gases on the fading , the trader has no way of satisfying his ered/tora -
•..
blodm of the consuming flower—uotaindfist of the l; becoming a benkropt ; end agriculture Bice..
but, from the Edinborgh Aeries (and I beg of mere municipal regulaticti 41 n(I intermit police, ea•
hear in mind what I say) you will receive miles a power over the estates and properly df the worm that destroys his own ! Those, however, who'. rein. The farmer has aotislog to give his 11'1)&44
it will enable you to form any notion.uf inhabitants, imposes the most grievous penalties and ,believed that the humiliation, impoverishment, and he has paid his taxes—the product of all his ter
situation of this country. ferfeitures, to be inflicted at the will of e aantic ofll.
enslavement of France would be perfect happiness to ly suffices tenifintain himself and family, the mechanic
wilt. C 01118417. cer; withoet Trial by Jury, and levies fees and Rya. 1 . •
us, awaking from the fatal trance into which .the is starving, and the tailor is begging in the
guides to the use of the mid oificerind others, en the
•
iehabitants, not given or contented to by their Be. spins of 'UMW and delusion hid plunged Them, What future Conte addProhibllida ado the Minis.
. presentetives in General Assembiv ;by which ember* MT! lea leisure to cfmskhr '1 hit is flit reward re" Dray have la f""” WWI' lit NOM eels, die*
--ow— 1
forfeitures, and assessmentartept which the people of Great Britain are to enjoy for solve the National Deast likes mieurobitn, end restore
led of Jaineieu ia thrown Into the most ments, Plait*,
..versa' alarm by the dread of the BMW which Mr.
only the constitutional sight o f internal legislation is 25 years-exertion to establish a principle in France the coantry to its pristine vigninc,. ye knew wet;
Wilbifforeo'hits gieen notice, for the registry and i
infringed, but the ,pledge, n respect of todiess-mi___, • - ,
which is not recognized by the•Constltatisonel laws but we now see the distresees of our Ratite-14M
given to the Colonies by the Statute of 18 Geo. 111.
of slaves. We extract from-the Kingston givers this counts and and to probe those wounds end their brought to a frightful climax. Whet ca '
the preoeediogs in the Assemblyon the sic. C.. 12, is violated. I • *log
wen din be mid
whittle t finely in. ; is tit. Time the low, for sh„,ll,,hisi the fqa“ Trade causes which have so deeply injured their own Con. buck the state of prwiperity that 'bat unsiolthi?
by the Briti.h Parliament, elthosegh injuriviectoallih intation. t Not force and fresh apprinstem:.; ton-04
1 pennies connected with the Colonies, as • •
wish wish to see the total abolition of the Property of a great proportion of the inhabit's% ! It will ever be found that when a country sot. : the Coostitetioa most New loving a
and an at- , renders its liberties into hands which have ether views bringing back Parliament to , ill •siatedal habits
14i. ;have been acquit, cud in with good filth,
ever been made in this Island to evade than the.protection or extension of these, t..,..1.-. ruin and sympathy wits Sc eowitllenteda,, that shale
Thilowing are extracts from the Kingston titotiSa have
1 the said laws, or any of them. And this Homo doth of its prosperity will not be i. Right
VAreakie. •••• •
' Ott. 26.—0 n Thursday, in the Ho. Pi
lisstoN, perry, and the surrender or megaton of natural and be purged of the correpties
edge itself forthwith to enter into an inresibtation . a,r off.
. is pro- interests may be 'Loewe tad guarded ; thUSiate moss
of the facts, and to establish, by testimony the most viola new generates se
isialinese of Assembly, after reading several
the third. time, the House resolved itself irrefragable, that no illicit trade in slaves has beta guaranteed rights involves the ia. fety of ovir proper- ; many evils to the country, et the iimey Ileurt.bureinp
.
when carried on in this Island, and that all the allegations . ties, and even oar lives.: What waste of lives and li
mattes on the State of the (stood,which are spreading so wide will brisk old lntodad-
flow the Committee appointed to cond.
: mode in the preamble, or itssum.ed. by the enactments' ;ies has not the 'Wins' the liberties of; ly strife. We call on the wisdom of Parliament Is
_
4 Bit." in
. .

JAMAICA

Bill to be int►oduced into the British Par.
Maths to the unlawful importation of
td !his Island, was read; upon which,
inkono rose and noosed, that as that Bill had
penned by atl the limbers of the House,
ihould then read it; which, occupying the
it almost dark, it was proposed, that Mr.
'hoed resume the Chair, and the Commit.

in some progress, which was agreed to,
cruse adjourned.
it afternoon the House again resolved it.
Committee on the State of the Islaud,when
underwent a very long and interesting

—The same Committee sat again on Toes.
together with the Report, recommended
!louse to come to the following Resolutions,
the HORSe unanimously agreed :
!red, 1. That the free British subjects who
Ind settled in Jamaica, or have since re-
ad established themselves in this island, are
he like allegiance es every other subject of
and carried with them, have enjoyed, and
right to enjoy, all liberties and immunities
natural-born %objects, to all intents and
as if ti ey had been born and remained
• • st• m, modified wad adapted to their p-
ion as colonists: And particularly have
d ought of right to enjoy, so long as
it. and Burgesses are not called to sit in
R distinct and entire civil government,
powers, pre-eminence, and jurisdictions,
;aid island, as are established in the BA-
linesst, in respect of the British subjects
realm, which Government, according to
lition of Jamaica, is composed of his hie-
ing of Greet Britain and Ireland, and
the Council appointed by his Ne-
llie Repreitntatives of the People, freely
met In General Assembly.
'hat the most important of the rights, pri-
Imonities,• and franchises, whielv•are in-
British subjects as their birth-sight, and
;hem been brooght to this island, is to con-
those laws by which they are to he governed
eserciseaf the 'lest toadish their Represents.
the said General Assembly,' who, with his,
ind the Cousrcil, case, sod of rightought to
:h acts and matters of legislation, respect.
teraitl government of the island, as the fm-
,al. Parliament can do within the United Kingdom'
Oresi Detain kad
'(`hat it a the peculiar privilege of the (reel
subjects settled in Jamie*. by their Itepre.
met In feenerel Assentlifp to give seal
, oitlr;anst inibsidlett.tqh/is ; and to
ail relelli'doties, bites, Ws, fine*, or pe.
'chatterer; sad limit loyieg and levying any

THE STATESMAN.

-. .
proprrti. , war
of the said . ill, as printed, of an illegal COlllisterse 4 de French people oamsbonedi France is subdued—
African or other Slaves havl°ll been carried el 1.1 we may now count oar gains. We have triumphed,
The
Jamaica are utterly unounded."
Committee f
on the Registry Bill mat enlarged we are told, and a bloody stroll from Waterloo is
by the addition of six Members, to proceed in the in- produced in testimony of the fact—we have further,
vestigatios' for which the 'loose was pledged to enter the picture of a British army and the remnant of the
,
into by the last resolotion. : BOORBOX dynasty trampling Into dust a nation whoa*
The Hog*, orttragreeinlit° the abeeelleiielutienet ' chief crime has been its desire to imitate England, to

time also to a Resoletion---directing the Committee
or Correspnsidence to transmit a copy'of the Report
and Resolutions to the Agent, instructing him to lay
them before his Majesty's Ministers as *non as pee.
Bible. and all constitutional means in his power to re.
slit the passing of the Registry Bill.

Thomism. Uereiaber SI.
WARD OF FARRINGDON wrniour.
AT a WARDMOTE holden this day before the
Right Worshipful Sir Cli AMY., yhirome..
Aiderman, far the ELECTION of COMMON COUCIL-
MEN Fuld other WARD FFIC EitS, fir the /IS or essaiag.
The fallowing Gentlemen Were unanimously elecltd .e CAM-
moo Councilmen. for the year. erasing. via.
Robert Herd's'. Esq.
Wm. John Reeves, Eso. Hepatits.
Messrs. Robert Waithisan Heim, Thomas Harper
Thos. 'terve John 'thickest
A ?anima" Young Thomas Oak SOIIII
Wm. Griffith Wm. Vale
Was. Merrill ..Ch.r. Angutdinnisen.
J ames rw.k Willi Pane*
• Wm. Pumice, • I• • *lOllll Witless
Resolved, That this Warlatorpoiorser, ~,,k pkijere. Ike
appormisitv nem arWJed theraof it most sistrers
amd cordial thanks ti. Robert Well, their WirrrhY
Represemesive. fur the alacrity, sill keal al animism' by him. is
bruising before the Commie Conseil the sufferings .11 our Pro.
tebtant Brethren in the Sonia of France. ocrtooloord by the sm.
chinsiiims of a bigoted mad persetatisg faction slam the mime
of the linurhmis op that ill.tated reentry I—fat his marsh sup
p.411(1011 In the corrupt sod pralligute cap. efface of sbe
Cute
Qesti .—for the seadamited sod steady support he by al all boon
gives In the cawe al Public Liberty, mid fur .the faiiisted writ
hossoarabie discharge of his ditty as a Represemative of this
. Wan.. •
• Resolved. That. the Thanks of this Wollatote he rivea to
bitten. lierritsg, Jolla Reeves. T.omas Reeve, Ahrokont
Yseug. Was. timigto, James Crook. W.. p.ore., Jobe
Illacitett, Thomas Oak Smith, Was. Vote. Charles Aromas
Savage. ,and Wm. Patio. as toe floprebtotatiter of this %Toed
la the Commas Cussed, and their ustAiria 'Appal of Public
Liberty.
Resolved, trimallsomslu That the Moak* af tide Wardmine
be gives in lip Charles Prier. San. fur his upright mod im-
partial coalltertib the boaloths this day. aid apse all other soc•
costar.
Resolved, That these Ressittliobr tstdged hy the With
Clerk. aid in-erteil in du. Times. d hirditiffßtATllsAi, Tss.;
setter, Cowles, mad Public I.edirr. •vi •
1
A. b&4101131V, Ward Clerk.

THE ST.4ITESKA '

eujny such aConstitution as our forefathers bequeathed
to us. What a strange anomaly does ifili country at
Present estdbit ! Our army is supporting an ar-
hitraspgreeernment abroad—our hl hater has bound
the'netlee to support with all its forces and all its
meant, a doctrine and a system which are abhorred
in every corner of the land *lsere common sense
prevails—while nothing but poverty and the sad and
ruinous effects of a pertinacious continuance in this
policy is to be seen throughout this island. Our
Allies may rejoice—their reward has been sib.
stantialthey have been long fed and pampered
into power and Insolence by our-subsidies. They
who were the lewdly tyrants of Carlota' and Eat.
pines before have seised on inprel thrones and
sceptres, and succeeded in trampling eooffeoriiog
and free States into en obedience to their will ; and
those who had nu sovereignly or title to it;
fir reasons which mankind have yet to dis.
cover, have beeri elevated to regal dignity over
States which have been transferred to them like
nations nt slaves ;—anti, still more • hoirihle, with
this binding clause in their Charter, that they
shall support a principle which was stem even
heard in all the Eastern tyrannies 4 that Adieu-
lous doctrine of Kings being JNre Dittiuo, which
was first preached in this country its King Jasits
time, amd is now revived with so much sincerity and
energy. Now what has been our share of the spoil ?
Our Minister will not certainly have the assurince to
stand up' in the British Parliament; and soy thet the
establishment of thh principle, and that of the
Royaltons on the -throne of France, is sufficient cora-
pommies' retell the blood and treasure which the Bri-
tish nation has expended in the long struggle in which
it has been alleged by •a Ministryhoitilertio reform.
What thee are the important objects which we have
gained The aggemedhomitent of our Allies, who may
he ounesernies neat day. The only part of the many
treaties that have/tee* cooelale& tw consolidate the
Iladvantages obtained by sect,* atliVich our Go-
seratneut have yet thought proper to &c lose for the

LONDON:
ristaity, assastata ISM
1 itsibdeit. rad !Juni:tarsi' Papers wired
4 Mau
IMO NU 094.

/

-77",,, 17!

.aye.' r • ..

5i Tor

Akt• f‘i V.,414

save the country—Meet ParWOW &es Not assem-
ble till February. Where then, ye SAssenaMs r
day—where ere ye, and when hate ye dept
boar of year comotry'aidliellea ? Farkas, they
.at be held bleaselesi, who.arbeol.bey• h ply,
have siecolired she calm of •Inedie: pia *if

loved native land, took sounsol of indifference
stood by to see the Constitution torn to pieces,
tease they could not approve entirely of any
combatants.

We call the attention of our Raiders to a Petitise
in another page, frown person now confined
the Bankrupt Laws in the King's Bench Prison,
the Hauge of Lords. It Mao presented by E+ri
store in May last, bet the etifortenate Petitioner
still suffering all the privations of a prison.
cage, according to this •statement, is one of ,
hardship and undeserved calamity ; and the possibility
of a persnit being placed in stmka ninon. and
plorableoitavation by the mete otalffiver an laity
ig sufficient, we think, not susbal'i4p gob* a .
r iftripattly in furrier eriltit is -itifitted,
awaken the liveliest attentinn to that part of
lags. which subjects the whole commercial part.,
community to the da tier of being placed is a similar
situation.

We have received Kingston Chronicles opt.
3d of November. The last efforts of Spain lOW
the independent.. of Spat ish America are ended,
amt.° has been obliged to withdraw his troops,
must distressing manner ; and, since, he is also .
posed to have suffered coniiilarably from the gruPnl
hurricane., which appears to have caused very es!
sire nerve,. The state of Venezuela is such
lately depicted. the Patriots arq fast dislodging
opprsesers,end the MVAICSMI Sit also rapidlyndrsi
in their noble career. The whole of Spanish
rice evidently will be free, whilst Europe slur'
neer the great and Interesting event, and the U'
States have the glory of being the chief contribah

CORM-EXCHANGE. 'Dec. n.—The Wheat trade -
nee, Ault. mei few • .1... h.tve been made al prief•• rather I.
....11:.tiey hely, lid*. at if. rethseglnts, :awl I:lrge •epilir es 14'
—Brant :IA t)411 lr. Inwer.-eother articles ree1,10:1 "e•
• 3MIVriFIELD MARKET.- INec.
Rink the 41,41. per new of MN.
i4e'f ••• 4. 0.1 t.• 5. Hes 4 or Cowie ilia 43'
Muloon 4, 01. t. .. 6t 1 gelko4
Yen( .. . 1k 114. to 71. 01. I Sheep .. .• • •
P..rh .. 4a. 41 u. bs. Bt. Cale*
Lan.b 041. to Os. Oa. 1 Pie •

'4l
um

-
Of
it

itil
to
MK

a.

Ik.

It is come i
is-eighteen t
why you al'
• " Titat'm
buy your hi
'half the for
thing about
• , that the foal
God for it ;
as moAuto i
air fiti;in
about trior,!
No, t tb
" Well, the
lA, I don't
time I ant i
leaving time
• landlady, c
all, listening
Wondering I
The gran
really is edt
Those who
themselves i
to go in the
while those
feet. Them
and the Gom
aty paid (3
pogt-boya,
.4. paid) are kt
e • • Jess wine at
seer; tea,
wed at lout
begirt to est
I etioald
' • length of eh
spare; give
you to posit
Mire from r
dumb as to
dr the great
venality. I
which being
greater part
thing shout
panied with
vital" and
roantryman.
,• him the rept
the greater
• learnt to tag
stand ; but,
you to bear
4 - nothing that
t the real situ;
.
".
- . .
•
• The Islan
• universal all
a, Irnberforie
regulation o
Chrosside th
' cI,IDf, whim
threats*
we11.a.a.411 It
Iteetible tnc
*.
• The. falls
,
arealtie "
i 3 • • Ktuaitos
"1 • 16. = nourablcan
Bills. for th
•loto a Comm
, 1 the Report I
ter of•ths
linment telt
ki!ave. into /
• Mr. Snag
: sot be pet
• .0 the Clerk alto
Berne tin a
Speaker iltoi
• tee to report
and the Iluu
Yesterday
• self inlet C
the report
• i'Vlisausrion.
Per. 28
day, arid, to
to the Howie
to fetich the
II.) " Resolvt
conquered at
I t. moved to ant
bound by th,
the realm, a
covet t t rigl
of free and
r.ltuem, Si
(' within f•
collar ritual
enjoyed, at
their Koticlot
Parliament,
••
of the like t
within the sr
fish Govern;
within the r
the Constitu
jesty the Kit
Lord of Jan
jesty, and ti
elected and
"•Tha
alleges, imr
%emit in 13
have by them
sent to thos
by the iter(
•' tires to the
• Majesty, an
. do, all such
leg the Isla
prriat Perth
Oreai
4; 1.
subj
Vll
• Impooe alt
manias wba
: •
.0). •
• -

~~_a

and reeeti
DI *mount,
onrreCt re.
me on the
rr the pay.
contralti,
irotarnetit,
have been
Hied era
desire to'
Idditiond
to 'o
*el
we tloobi-,
,er to
r bottle of
t that dart.
they rept.
not defend
rated with
u Nagano*
inedible
web rapper.
eft of their
them to the
*rad lbat.
*or b•sidsr •
i NM. %at
and lino, 1
person 1
jaeodierd
t the Jere
essive obe.
red all the c
re lows sod
rk of sal. e
entry
tee, if the e
is own le. ■
oppress!".
Ittioegh to
Order'
ore bet by
e oitirewel
!lord vireo
lei! 'arm 7
rovebanie
he Omer. II
MCA.

of
Ito en
ttsinleoaf itba. tit
1:0
rhey
ea
r, eight ie
Mk ta al
ow and at
on, be" a
r el the eti
IA
tin
Nikko
if ea" .10
Ilea, 6
STAY. .
N
1001(
n. His 11.
at peat
ssibility 1111
and dr. 'a
'tidal,
keno - al
bid 10 .•
of 041, tnt
eel
,a the ht.
Cl
to OF
11#41f1St
Is MO.
inn be
ke
sn seP•
ltil
as ',
tot
Ird~4 del
.Iw' 0 the
• is n-- nal
sone.
to
al
at :
slew
304 0
b4l
40
