111111WWr -
TRIUMPH OF WESTMI!iSTER.

reflect on this, and then say if the power thus exer- pose of preserving the peace in our respective parishes.
cised by those who receive the taxes, over those who I New, I deem, is the time for the people to poi-
SHEFFIELD. JUNE 2. have them to pay, can possibly have any other effect I lion the Regent, if they have ;thy regard even for
lira Amt,/vlßsiyay of SIR ra.tNcis au RDETT's that, to generate hatred amongst the members of the ; their personal safety, to call such men and such men
tate ELACIION TOR WEsTmissTER. State, and turn the hands of the citizens one against only to his Councils, as are real friends to the Con-
The Anniversity of the above Election having the other. And if a stop be not put to such a course j stitution, and who by their Uniform conduct in the
fallen on Saturday (the '23d nit.), it was deemed more as has brought the nation into its present state, un- I causeef reform, can give us a pledge of their sincerity.
expedient to celebrate the event in Sheffield, on the ;numbered millions more must every year be added to , Not such men as are coming forward with theiesmall
Friday following.• An excellent dinner was pro-
i the debt, and millions of • fresh Taxes be imposed, I ware, such as buying that which clinnot be sold, and
sided at the Pheasant Inn, when JOHN PAYNE,
Esti. i under the pressure of which that part of the people j adding one hundred new knights to the County re- i
NeWhill, presided to a most numerous. and re- j who-are not participators in the •spoil, will be sunk j presentation ; but men of property, of honour, of
of.
!into a degree of slavery not inferior to that of the knoNledge, of probity ;—such may be found. and
rifleman
company. All appeared eager to behold a
roman in the Chair
~,h,„ had for many years ; Negroes of Africa, or the ancient Helots of Lice- ' will be found, if the Prince extends his sphere of ob-
hoeiv the true end •oeteran Friend of Reform. After ;.demon. servation out of the ordinary routine circle into which
the removal of the cloth, 'the President gave the fol- ! These, Gentlememen, are melancholy considers- Royalty has heretofore contracted itself; and that
lowing toasts : I times, and what renders the case more hopeless is, he may do so/ and find such men is my most earnest
The Prince Regent.
i the apathy with which these progressive evils have
_prayer.
. •
The Constitution, the whole Comtitution, and nothing but the I been viewed' by the people at large. Such has been [The above speech was received throughout with '
Constitution'. ! the backviardness of the people to resist these, that , the most marked attention and applaue ; and Mr.
The Electors of Weitminster, and thanks to them fur the glo- ' ministers
• have frequently jaitified•theniselVes on the Payne was frequently prevented from proceeding by
onus example they hive shear n.—With three times three. I
si, f• roneiipurdettm-Threetimesthree—unboundedapplause. i ground of their acting conglalently.with'th'e will of the:actlamations of the Company.]
Lord CoeltrAnr• a great majority of the Nation ; and it is also a me- The Chairman next gave,
Major Cartwright—the consistent and indefatigable Advocate
1 lancholy fact in all their encroachments on the ancient ' William Roscoe, Esq. of Liverpool.
of Reform. The Cause of Liberty all over the World. •
The memory of John !borne Tooke. . . i laws and constitution of the kiegdoM, that they have . 4 spry and honourable Peace.
The Rev, Christopher Wyvill. ' ! met with the support of large bodies of men in every ; The Liberty of the Press.
-Dietiit
Tito/iris RAwsoN, of Wavasend, Esq. rose, and large town throughout the kingdoni.--rippforlie,l_;, t mee w hout Fnreigners, and legal means of suppressing
have..no . t.iiii se,wnuttroivoitirlyke.accution.
in a most animated and impressive speech, compli- These bodies of men, whchave thus acted;
mentary to the character of the Rev. Gentleman excuse but ignorance to plead, save and except such I: (lobe Sutferers in the Cause of Liberty.
nnz
,itewmenetif;;.s,t.mofthkle'zrithedil,uneanditlll74 ilißziouivfoittizntisht
whose health they had Jost drank, as one of the of
.thern as benefit by the abuses they vindicate ; but,' 1,-,M°4" Ra -s° '•q
most old and steady friends of Reform, took occa- ' the time is now come when the actual danger of :Our.,.rejoeted Petition to the House of Commons, and an Address to
sion to advert to the pleasure he received from .ob- ' situation will awaken in very Man deserving, the Sir F. Burdev on his committal to the Tower.
serving his friend and neighbour who presided strenu- name of Briton, that portion of public spirit; that Mr. RawsoN rose, evidently overpowered .by his
ously ranked as the advocate of the same cause; and , regard for the national welfare, without which it is feelings at the applause which the last toast had called
concluded by giving at last found out, that neither his life nor his pro.' ' forth, and addressed the company to the following
•.,
John Payne, Esq. ... t ... . I perty i..secure from JO attacks of the leteet. orders ieffact :--I rise now, 'as associated with a • number
This toast was drank with enthusiasm. ..- , of the community.-rldear !] '• • ~. , . • ,lof my neighbours; in being itistremental in.balling a •
31r. PAYNE then addressed the Meeting in a speech Geutlenten,—Although the sums expended by Mi. : Meeting at this town, on the Gth of June, 1810.—
of which the following is an abstract : 1 - I sisters have been immense, such as no nation ever That my name was one to that Requisition, I have
In these times of public depravity, I think it the . expended since the world had existence, though ;the , always reflected upon with the greatest pleasure, and
highest honour to be called upon to •fill the chair at laws they have demanded for their protection and the whole proceedings of that day compel me to say,
a meeting to commemorate the return to Parliament assistance have been almost without number—though I, that I consider it" one, of the most fortunate days of
of one who was chosen a representative by the spon- they have had from servile Parliaments every thing7'lny life." That our Petition/was rejected, or, as some
taneous voice of one of the largest bodies-of Elec- they have asked for these 20 years, ,yet no result Say, thrown under the table, I consider as a most ho-
tors in the Kingdom, and whose conduct since his re-': has been the consequence but the destruction of `'curable circumstance. If we daffy recollection back
turn has so amply proved the wisdom of their choice: liberty in France, he erection of a power and the to the beginning of this reign, we must have forcibly
—lt would be the height of presumption in me now consolidation of it also, so gigantic and stupendous brought to our minds the unwearied endeavours of
tottwell upon his virtues, or to notice the sufferings as the world till these times never saw, and the con- :the person who at that time presided in the highest
- - - - - - - - Le
