- - -141
IArIiESMAN.

• - -
! LONDONPS44rSfarSIOLV,V FEM. 8.
• • .
Titer Graad July bablip4trorn, the Recorder, Sir
G. F. HILL, addrealttitbam. in substance as fol.
:lows : •
44 GYNTLEMEN OF VIII GRAND JURY,-By the
Constitution of this country, the preservation of its
peace is committed, Under the authority of the soy...
reign- head of all, to the Judges, to the minor Magi'-
assisted by

not only scrupulOusly regulates his own conduct
by the principles of morality, but in 'his co-ope.'
ration to a common end witb others less en-
lightened than himself, also assiduously and firmily
exerts himself to prevent their deviating therefrom ;
never yielding on any point of principle; so that,
although out-voted, he contributes not to pu insmo.
ral measure?-0n the other bond, virgule we en.
derstand by 6an incipled - ' tut one who,

uaprL . _ man,„o.,. _ .
regardless of . moral principle, which Is the wisdom fit ales and to their executive officers, , sy
altar; a crlo,wd rushed feria/4 .__ ..cryiag,
d and Petit
of GOO. 'gives a preference to his own wisdom, for 0' Mullan .'—Saw men wating tboalt...halls mei ass%
ling in a violent madner, 'on theffetor. d ••tl 1,,,
win'tervention and the aid of the Gran
conducting him, as he vainly fancies, by the shortest rtitlij
cut to any object of his desire ?—And
are not those der
etrats of the land. The city and .liberties of Lon-
donderry possess a jurisdiction given to them, under • esii -L nil `
, leries ; heard some n exclaim, 44 them l'
political principles, in' which all our public duliej, of these of an Orange 'Bishop !”—Did norfear:tbaiV,
charter, by the sovereign head, consisting
violent- hands upon Vie, ''w • '• ---• - :
and every thing we call public virtue, are bound up,
and which, on a grand national scale, teach us, in competent porta, and distinct in point of interference,
from the rest of the county. • i Des as incase tenses .
. crash him to death ;. remained widths ribesAalt 4 .
conformity with a fundamental principle*
of our re-' 64 It is 'competent for you; Gentleman,
guided 'elsouten hour, and wai *afraid to eoesi•yor as.
o ." ~
by thorknoWled e'which this Bench may have •of
.g .:,' . • • .
A principle is a primary truth of nature, that is ligion, to love and to serve our neighbour,—lne . g .
,t6411n-the vestry-room ; the reatryar was
diligently , ,"houting still confirm& . AIAI fast Ise toed, an ' !
SO till • mediate and self-evident emanation from that not these, I ask, moral principles,
. and in proper-
but, notes he• thinki, against him, but nosiest dies sty •
their Influence the more
• l lais, by which GOD governs that world tion to the wide extent of, , .
it and yt
touoversecially acquired, to direct your enqyiries,
extensive! ride the state of our community, so
-which he has created. For our present purpose we obligatory in a pre-eminent . degree I—And is far ps its peace or welfare may have been disturb-
isho were endeavouring to force their way bo.-...14
ed, or may be threatened ; and it is, therefore, I
bray consider psincirks first, as physical or weekend- not a fearful thing to be misled, by error of. judg. v y
Sessions, , made his way into the sestry•rooon; and went -.get
id; and, secondly, as political or moral. went, into the path of the unprincipled in politics;at the lower .after -
dispersDid not attempt .to go .out in the urpliat '
grossly erroneous, as was urged at the last i
gate, a number of females had
' On mechanical principles, my clock has three con- thereby joining in the mischief. .done. to millions, by a lawyer specially lama here, to. say, thadt .tt led
spicuous prupetties. In the first place, it exhibits, and but too probably ,successive millions, from gesoo- it least novel for the Bench to discuss and direct
.......
eating his
itaotnekinedbecorNe ever hekidheofe,v.ierfilbseheerp
tila
,fr oosnei
in its general motion, an apt representation of the ration to generation ? your attention to every matter, circumstance, ots
Merel motion of time; in the second place's a re-. " ' When the mind is once taught to endure with- topic, 'which may affect or bear upon the tranquillity
9 sordid
presentation also of equal divisions of time into hours out uneasiness a consciousness of guilt, the dia. having occasion to do so ; it was necessity whidt - '
and minutes; and its the third place, by the periodi- ractcr is prepared for every compliance.' "—There of our society.
" Gentlemen,—At Abe. last • Sessions, 'An. 'Rev
• compelled him to go to the Mayor's Office fettles .
'eat application of an external agency, its power of you breathe the " genuine spirit of, morality. The .C. &Malian, and neseiber of Romanß Catholics,
cihi.
- went first of himself, and afterwardstei often aill'or:
purpose of hiving his life protected by the t...ii.'
tonerally and equally representing the motion of moral sense is soon worn
that
The
who
theme,i .were found guilty motes
.and
fa.
do.
tic
casion required, or was desired by the late Mailer •
fbne, wherein consists its usefulness to me; is regu- therefore, and the last, writers have 1" . Chapels on the 4th of November; en bills oin tc
did not ge to the chapig on the Succeed. hog Sun y
lady renewed. But, much as this machine may, in strutted mankind in their duty towards their neigh. went were found at the samosSessions against James a
but after celebrating Mass inisis own boast, went.• ' •
these severalparticsilars, resemble a Commons•lfouse hours, has beets the inviolability of principle. They M'Sheffre, and a number of Roman Catholics, for
of Parliament, which should generally and equally draw a straight and perspicuous line between right. &Second riot at the same Chapel, on Sunday, the .. ss ,
represent the people, and by an external agency, ap. and wrong. Not so, the apologist for pension 28th of November, for which offence, having put off ~;
td.the Mayor s Office; the petition in behalf of Mr. !
plied in them ay of election, shoeld have its power Parliaments *;" and I add, not so, the proposers,. their trials to these 'Sessiohs, they are now to be uldullan to which the people required an answer,
was respe;tful • he was silent to the solicitations o
case of- my clock,—a mere' machine, and a chattel- beginning, was an unprincipled violation of the Co
o• es any part of your deliberations; but" notice them as, the people bees' use he did not 'in t.o comply
with their wishes, od did' ' '
at not expect to be heard
-sellere is no obligation on me, beyond my own mere stitution,and a gross invasion of the nation's liberties: the 'reason why you hare been so soon called
with
+: discretion, according to my fancy, or notions of ex- To the Atheist, to talk of principles, mast be. to . together again, as nothing tends more to check and his_ .
temperance, and dreaded era consequences to
insane -
atedieney,
.to preserve it, to wind it up, to keep it talk in an unknown tongue. According to his prevent disturbance and offences of this sort, thin safety, if he refused to accord' wit& their de:
mends. -
in goodicuildition ; or, if disordered and going to conceit, the conceit which makes him what he is, an speedyinvestigation trial, and punishment. i • . 4 .
decay, to repair or to replace it. In any thing of effect to which alone an actual insanity is competent, " But exclusive of those disgraceful riots, the last I Dan. Doherty sworn.—Corroboratedthstestionony
of the form witness •er as to the- ,distucbence; wise
this nature, lam at perfect liberty to consult only there can be neither moral law nor morals. I
'-‘0 be Sessions had scarcely closed on Saturday night, the - • , .4.0. .
my own fancy, and to exercise my own will and plea. perfectly consistent, we ought, with the ass and the Bth of January, when the following day, Sunday the .„,,„-. •, • . which
James ea aheffry point to the floor fronahls-eat intim
.
-sure, !without being responsible to any one.. The tiger, the owl and the vulture, and eiery otherir- 9th, many hundreds of Ronian Catholics assembled, ~.
ganery, own the crowd Seatitol' tow erda
• clock being my private property, I may make' on it rational animal, to obey only the appetite, or the • altar: • Some said he was poiatiegeo i &heir :stick
to draw Counsellor O'Gorman in a hackney chtuse,.. (. ~• . • s ... ,
.. „..,,c.„ , .
• what experiments I please; I may; for mere amuse- instinct of the moment. These insane*, however, triumphantly out of towns. The bridge toll-renteg.: his faughter had dropped. ••• ...••• '
ment, try to make it keep time without a ratchet, or will reason, and they mill plan for 'a future, as in has sworn, that such was their riotous advance, sai.s.
The•-evide • 'of • Jebo'''ol ..
. ' veletnll'
. y —Mt!
without a spring; or I may part 'with it, or even their minds principle cast have no placeis span erns- such their front and daring, he did not venture•to. '. tarevy was to the same effect. •ITh I did werasa.
- dash it to pieces, without moral blame. . gincd expediency must, of course, be, their anida
ess—i• demaiothis toll ; he was obliged to 'shrink back, MOW
. :here that they intended to commit personal:Si-400e •
to the Bishop, bat intended• to detain bies•till-imi
But wholly different is the case with respect to that and to such men alone that blind guide belongs.. .. ... they all passed in full emancipation, conduttincthd,
,
....• ....
complied •h•
with their_ wishes.
branch of our -Legislature we figuratively call the Ilut,l own„I am surprised to meet with a " Chris- Law Offieer if the Roman Catholic Board, with thoi
'Gammons Poore: for, u ith relation to that, the flan Patriit,"• capable of pertinaciously adhering in dignity due to his consequence, and their (Mitoses -
: • After a great variety -of rail witnissiallki).- ma
I
principles are NOT physical or mechanical, but poll- conduct to the imagined expediency of a triennial potence, out of the city • but, Gentlemen, those feed.' deliberating
examined, the ease was Shiestit 'Oil the illiffy:ititter
- tical and morel; bringing with them political and Parliament, which is obviously contrary to the Con- citizens, having hauled this weighty character a mil.. .
for three hours,- reorrnekluarel-&itssne.
lustl:ng all the alaversers, .eaeelos MS ' • ' itia.
'utioral OOLAGATION, and DUTY; by the ob- stitution, and utterly incoMpatible with liberty and. or two on his return towards his mighty. employers, . Shells
'Cert.:ince or the breach of which we must prove our- public right. Yon, my dear Sir, will knew who had to repass the bridge to regain their homes. The g .
lore, and , who were fstpudjoi44/.4" _' • ' -
nod sentenced as, folio. ws S—M`catteari to levir4irs.
selves honest or dishonest men. As Englishmen, that reasons as follows. I.Tfider the gloomiest -circular- bridge-renter (foolish man) thought he might now, -.... .. • , . . • so•
~,,-....4..1' .' ..
as as members of the community from which that stances of the community, the 'h Christian Patriot - without contempt for the Rotten Catholic•-Board, or • •
toned for one year, and gore steamy to ktioleltfle
Assembly we call a House either does, or ought to needs noeshortations to animate him to perseverance, 'their authority, presume to demand his toll ; but n 0,,.. •,,
posse far five years, himself ea
dOl: it* tyrs•-f-iu'retfes•
in WI. Stab • Maguire to be lato tisoedhpaao,majoimt, .
emanate by free election, it is a DUTY to ourselves, no consOlitary considerations to shield him from de- it Would hive proved want of discipline, orgmaix-,, ••.. . • Vs.,. - .
to our country, and to posteriry, to watch with a spair. The events of this life; Wheeherthey carom ion,• and- respect for the powerful peotection gifted gieceso ray:. few:fire yea rei ,Siseetsio, •be I instal. „
d
.
. jealous eye over the state of our Representation, individuals, or affect nations, lie knows are al • • lit: satleesi , An, Vie getala rite/ be ystrgit
"littsiOntro 4 • it
Owe their emphatic' subjects, by the Board); , -..
.. . , : . s. .
- end the freest mof our elections; in order that if, directed by the Praviderice of a Being verfectly 4 . 4 ' -
%lir* they ablectlkyielded to -such a badge of slavery. For; oo:,: .• '4iiitediestisitslit=2l, ~: .:!„ n 4
' through accidsoot, decay, or corruption, representa- and perfectly benevolent. And in this strusglet .Withotit • ceremony, therefore, they burst the tolk,.- - ---,A:mm{7oF coitiostitstAltlts 50551e,,...4
Coo he not general and equal, as well as its power against impudent corruption, supported by-fraud and. •gates, and rushed through. This transaction, •Gen-S
If.llE-AtirloNsE6 or KENbALL ANIS Mili'VOLSl99, .
periodically renewed, at the precise intervals pre. power,thoughimmediatesuccessmay surprosshisexpec. tlemen, with some others, it will be your (tasty to .. . ,
• Kunst V., SIADCII..t .4
.: " •.' .. ' 4.!
scribed by the Constitation, and the eternal' prin. tation, lie rests assured that the Cmt issue of it will be investigate, and to put to trial the leaderc'end
This was an action to recover TM. 10K the- :sable
ciples of free Government, whatever shall be found favourableto the tinitedcanseof integritarliudf
• reeliom• abettors. . ' •
amiss may be reformed and rectified. ITo himself, it is allotted to db his.DUTY,. and to •‘i ,Gentlernen —I must here- ft little digress, and .1- -
of a caste of gin alleged to how .kgeg sol4beltoe
. si bankrupts to-the Delksudant, ... •;:" .' ' -
• Iti the performance of a DUTY so infinitely ex- ' endeavour, to the utmost of hiapeaker, tepromote, !toettl wan
't; somewhat extrajudicially ;. but, Vshoulti, . , ..; ... . _,„ ... - F.'"-• Itl-.Y-.4"7t
The ease for the -m it, Ans -be roe *memo •
tettsive and so sacred—a DUTY ioseising not the welfare of his fellow-creatures, withootioosaealas lasgiry eferar;4o wanting to the conscious feeling and • .
merely the rights of property and liberty, hut the 'lees an enquiry after the probable result: of 'by_ ENO' S:, duty • offibatisrpright ' Magistrate of this Beech:— . ...
i of Kendall; who was Admitted as a Witness, he t-
merely
and the happiness of successive millions ,—a 1 tions t." ' s- • • ta.
• ', II) ,1 . , .A*3 should befiiiiiiisig to that regard 'for-truth which I sag received his certificate. * .
DUTY not only to man, but to GOD, are ..we at I Between a friend, who thus reasonss nit illi
11'--ritft 'hope actuates tae man of honour—and I should According to this statement Rendell sort.Reystsolds
liberty to dispense ,at our pleasure with principles, fhere can be at the bcittom• hut a very slight delfer. - that i •
be wanting' to . apfr t which mast ever inspire a werespirit-merchants,e.nd wertilt till
tskjelt
and to act upon arbitrary, conjectural, unsettled encial opinion, which, slight, however as. matter Gentleintie ti Ire* I falsehood and. calumny, . when •
plying a publican 0 the' notes 4 ?Alp; tktillfels,
nations of. an imagined expediency? I• think not. of opinion it may be, yet leads to consequences most-directed against him, if I omitted to take this early ..
in Semersetsbire, with spirits„ aryl, moos% ochee
,-.•-
Are sse at liberty to propose expedients at war with i widely diffetent. 'The difference turns on this *quest-. opportunity of expressieg my surprise and indigna. .
things, sent him.' the cask of gin iorhicli sees Ale silos
common sense and common justice ?' I think not. ti0n....6 What, in the' work of Parliamentary R 4, -Com at a . publication which has appeared in the .
jest of the present action... Mr. ICesidellerrivreir ist,
the course of an annual journey, -41iithise inertia
This political clock, if I may figuratively so speak, form, is a "Christian Patriot's" DUTY P—lnkillfi Dublin Evening Post, purpcirting to be a report of •
the habit of making for the.,pospesi ofsbiraisreinsat
not being private property, it is no subject for ex- efforts. towards bringing about that whiell ill in tine the late Sessions trials at Derry, made.(as stated) by , mt.. had ..
periment. If a real mechanical clock cannot do its womb of time, will he rely on " the Providence o, . Counseller O'Gorman, pursuant to a vote or order . 1 .
Wells he found that os• given upshislessi.
office without a main spring, and all its necessary a Being perfectly wise," or on his own short-sighted.! eftlhe Roman Catholic Board. That Gentleman ,
nessand•effects to Stade!, the,Pefeedasit, -townetn
wheels, nor unless the ichole be in order; is it not sagacity ?Ifbe " rest assured that the final Issue of was treated here with every -mark of attention from he
was indebted to 'spot 'menu% . Ile accotdinall
wilted on Mader., atis4•Atlstiks
most irrational to imagine, that the political clock 'it will be favourable to integrity and freedom," must it -this bench due to his profession, as a Lawyer; and ~ • .
.Of
sistiwg laetireeu phillmrki tbe accoentssub.
nelds and biers ilf,
of representation and legislation can perform its not be as unnecessary as morally erroneous, as super- Ms conduct throughout ihe trials, on that occasion,
functions; while every. one of the three fundanumtals 'luaus as puerile, to pursue the end, by means which entitled him fully' to our respect. .. ~ and particularlY Men 'ltt!e' disk of gin which
of. its constitution are in a state of destruction, or are hostile to both " integrity and freedom?" i 46 The publication to which I have alluded, lll ' ' lair at ' tit&
' kehmt lately sent. s..4Yrfedee, ,:. jhe
won-existence ? Or, can we believe it would be- i -.-How can the 44 Christian •Petriot" think him- !however, gelatins so rittrett misrepresentation and
rest of the accounts he coal tiltsll6stfecls., 4scit"eit to
, . ,
Enure once more effective, should we even restore to . *elf justified in actually proposing that,' !skids, falsehoo; that if it be-enthorised by that Gentle- had
the cask of. gins hr.U(l.lmnd it ustenuilted when he
•
it half its necessaty: wheels; or some partioular pins ,by being contrary to " fteedom," is contrary man (I speak hypothetically); if that • report was, . , ,„,
..
received the pablic.housesfrott Pitillitre„ ilad
or pivots, willioneftir concomitants for rendering to " integrity ;" and which, moreover, while in made by him is therein stated, he has (I say it wit .
• • h thermore he wows. te-stecountable." for the lathe of
, it, as he bad sent ft 6i a clistonier of-his • ltf•Also
the works complefil Must we not, then, on re- use, was remarkably corrupt?--Is it possible fain, but 'in justice to myself and others hems) ~•
flection, perceive the monstrous folly of what its vi. ' for a " Christian Patriot" to imagine it can be ex- forfeited 'every title of credit or respect o a man mentioited •that Phillips. wet indebted to -him. <Sae-
trio-nary projectors are pleased to call ". moderate re- pedient to pursue the end be have in view by meansamount considerably exceeding the value of the e
of marinas!! or of ;' if• he did' sot make that
which • _. _ . . .
form? As we now know the three witol.principles so truly unwise and immoral? Does not such con. stutemeni, I shall owe him; and be ready to make. he tad ttiken'po .. . .
.. ~
ssession 4 . ..
ae.i..h ere all equally; essential to a free Parliament, duct savour of distrust in GOD's Providence, .of a him, every apology for this introduction of his name, ! Kendall, on his curs
s-examrnatoon geld' tbailbe
I •
to the existence of our liberty, and to
.the security doubt, as to the existence ore law of moral !AV,. 1 . 64 Gettilemen,—TO what a situation is society re- sclbl•not recollect that ~. .
~p . .
~
.. ,
~_.
Staler- romised td pa/ Meoely -
rat' our prdperty, lint of the benefit of which the na- Coe? Or, -of the impiety, andsistonishing presuelits••l duces' when not only the baneful intiumicaof the conditionally, viz. if Phollips•should pay klos. . :.''' .
1 1 . Mr Serjeaott Ps.t.r., for the. DeftioAetthesdiliteribilt ,
aloa.is deprived, is it not evidently our DUTY, as tion, of .-faseying be ca. iiiiprovn on that law, ttst '‘,,lSeistan Calliofic-Boata.persades, and mixes through;
_,, bra
sof the community, as moral beings, and as substituting • expediency -tor principle? is *it slot, all o'er- concerns,` both in public and social life, but ue , ,
rote *Wily on the i•ispirebakilltr. 1 hift *der
.•
;17itirmen, to contend for their recovery and never then the "DUTY" of a " Christian Patriot," as overhauls at its resumptueus tellris tat, with solemn ',
hertdi,biere premised to pay for the g' ,-.1440111111.
for d in patent to remit our efforts distil we 9
succeed ?it would be of a truly moral man of any religion, to cereal d-• • - •l - of
nny-an decision, the conduct those who . • • -
Aud is there an Enos!' . Gentleman, whether Whig pursue Parliamentary Reform, as he ought to pursue administer .the laws•of this .countrc, Catlin ao se-. theism, time, that he should rise taken pfiestaren
or T. ‘..-liether in place Of out of talece, on whom any other object in life, that is, by keeping in the rious account the magisteates andjurres of the. .
of the ottiet effecti olPhillips, who waiillSOt •
Out
One DU l'Y does not attach ? Is thereto. Nobleman Ai straight and perspicuous line- between right and This•ca t this must tbe much longer tolerated, '
nno , no No witnesses„avere adduced 'for. the -Deteedeni,
who can he unconscious of his Durry to keep * wrong;" leaving the "Italian" to, the Wolfs I trust Gentlemen, thatthe operation 'Oaf
,
whole the constitution, by regulating, the balance deuce of GOD? In the boundless regionl
of politics, I will in this
community, travel a slow pace, and that, 1
. 2 91. 10s. • .
between icing and People, by preserving alike e11e...1 aspedieney bath surely a range sufficiently wide,:ln !by as upright discharge of our public dsties, W e shall
Cative authority* and popelar representation ? • t
. Use infinity of matters necessarily indifferent, and ' 41mark - contempt for the approbation or
i Nos y oar .
What is it that constitutes political wisdom and,' therefore dependent on discretion, withamt enmecil- for the censure of .that andacioax aasemblys which
.public virtue? Can we accortoot him wise, who sees ing On the. "inviolability, ofprinciplell' •• •' • : fearlessly arrogates and exercises,. in •
itself, .every
Mot the clear distinction between a political principle ' Anxious that you should seriously reflect on &se function of the State.
•-
and a mere measure, e,pecially a measure against observations, ' . . " But9 Gentlemen, you have alio other duties to
robs ions principle ? I think not: Can he, I farther ' 1 for the present remain, dear Sir; •
• - perform. In your private families, you must exert
ask, be esteemed err-home, who; in his own political k . Truly your-friend and servant, t yourselves to reclaim, by conciliating and friendly
or public conduct,•absolutely abandons priacipk to I . JOHN CARTWRIOHT.,
advice, by exhortations and by kindness, those of
act upon arbitrary, unsettled, ennjectural notionss ' .ne Lettem to William Paley, A. ht, Arcbdeacou of Cariisle,
• ,the lower orders who sem you, and who are ma-
in barked expedieniy ? • And who, in.-so doing, 11;6' p." 76' ,
:. Mr. Wyvilt s P&P 'P.P. VI. p. 482.' '' • • . ; '. - lotted. by you, but who, by ,male hopes, and by tf.
mm rt&
proposes, recommends, a .pursues that which of a : . . • - ' •s s • ••
s
. i ' fluence owl agency of tlse..wieked emissaries of thi'
certainty' is politically mid morally wrong and offen. A tretelnarrace took place yesterday,' oriii tkree- ' '.pry •B d and estranged
oar , may have beast led astray
sire? If .we acquit him of dishonesty; must it- not; mile piece of ground.on Epping Forest; f i
s • 0 Amager horn that mutual confidence which. was wont for
be at the eipence of his understanding? , If the ex. iof 60 guineas, between Mr. Watt' 't 1 s e ebrated ehes- rattly to subsist in the city :pod liberties
cell'ence of his private conduct -through. life, prove not mare Helen, and' a grey horse, the property of :Canderry amongst all its lig cato hl'
rotIP ":
a security to his character, 'even while treading -Mr. Nelson, hackney-road. The 'animals carried . tatitiuso'
the .biaten ground of spurious patriots and ion. eight stone each., end every yardufground was con- I, - , •fl it4P.'
,ar5.....
patioes, . must he not, for imbecility be ate obs;tested. The first mile was d '
do in three minutes ' • • TRIAL‘Foi . . a 1...
6* • " - Vrriyk: •
tect of /tar compassion ?It should seem sererisa laied .s belt; the ' Second in ,three artitioto.' twenty '.... rain ati• tfie'' " '
, r i ic. .
~
lit ~,,o
• 000 OA
1-- .rplecilmeeswis-; end-tire-third 1 • _ _
(Moll .tail, oA I . on.
soriga 8,..--- Is silleCilis liPs

The Marquis-of &Ica Inottsx is trriced. 11409
nvoiith, to tike ihe* edrirmand of his totttiiioss of
bilFrssl4,- ' "

. . .
_tag that guy, gentleman of education and __
tion shoul► . int he work of parliamentary.reform,tiktle , seconds, in all ten mitnates itillifteen seconds; . The
with the principles of the Constitution; for what i race was closely contested thioaihotitptittiti,iteeeiare
mean we by 6 a man of principle; but one' who' wen it by half a length-

~~~
_~~,

}.at9,9qtt, om n‘ IC
cW J.
other Individuals.
The first witness called wasihe REP. DI

~~;,,`,

. , ... . . , . ...
,r duties to MARRIED..
- , .
On the 16th inst. by the Hon. acrd Rev. the
moot exert the Right Hon. Thomas Walltiei, m. IL!.my- am;
id friendly Viscountess Melville. - • . 7Ai
_. . , •. ~, .
t
:, those of ou thAl4th inst. Charles.Rlois: 141-•
Lane, meat daeghtir of the lass 1 Wog. • r
- •
..
- • • ... •
to are sup- Janice af New.foutalland.
ind by the . -'.- • , • . . .
... ..„0....
cries(l
estranged
mmonsi; fast, tither
ist7ti
e: 4
907: , Eht?
the.
Load°
styte,w(preester.
i wont for- -Ait ,in AlilAndu.speet, Mrs. Galopbelt, re„llittaf J.
etijoie
'lloci . late of Charter-hoiocAaare. _
.-. • •
es of Lon- ...
... last. at his tense, sit EvegiMi; whir Liverlrtit 1*
Ilio jullitbl.• . A tortoni. age, Adhn.htaedl.. 111144 radar* of boo.
0, On the titit list. Mc. Joan itethiNdebe Red.baaras-Bastersea-
•'' ' Ilelds aged 74 years. . t,.10 • . . .
, • , * ON Itith Inst. hi Ilse 70th iviseill:ltts age, is Chaim, Jos-
e' 1.1r11.• Neild. l'Ag. one at his Ms ''s Joillists of the' iPedgt for the
a IL2tUrn comities of Diekbigham Lent, Milig„ art thetity and li-
' ' &id bertyysf Wei tOrpter, Treasurer to tote !le hi thelttlief of
rry, . tor small Deht4.' . - ilz
i.skud'sey.eti, a , ~ • ' • "
; Vr...
. 0241)u3 t. Ptiaird" and Puhlialt,•ll h** I). ofavll, set the
Dr. O'Pa, v - o.lr et_
- .....T WIN+ 0 Pi' I( a, li 7, riert•eireet. •-• • r
