THE STATESMAN.

the poor. We shall see whet will take plies wbss
them grams atop; and stop they must. Not se
fast. therefore. hir. Hums. This le a matter not to
be decided upon in a harry. The Irish mast have
poor-laws. or confoolos, jest which the Parliament
pleases; bat. as to the old of the confusion, it may
not have to choose.

Copt.-Mrrans.—This, we understand, is a eery
pretty affair. A rtition wu presented from a Mr.
BRADIIRLD. which stated. amongst other *hikes. that
one of the Principal Coe4.4letere was a Losntworon
(btother. we believe, of Lt7IIIIINOTON. Secretary of
the Treasury and a Member for Canterbury) and that
the OAR Coal-Meter Lout:sorrow was also a Parson
and a Commissioner for investigating the Irish Re-
venue! The petition is primed, sad our readers
shall have it. In a small wey this is one of the neat-
est things we have heard of. Perfectly, however, is
character with the systua—Mr. Treasury Losninovow
assured the Hour, that all was weft ; and this thing
appears to have dropped.

Quzares fieRVANTI.--.10 the committee of Supply
" her Majesty's friends" said something about her
debts; but, they took so opporteoity to ask, why her
name should not have been in the Liturgy as well as
that of the Bishop.
OFHTIIALMIC Horse voted 4,0001.
to Sir WILLIAM Alums. though, to our mind, Mr
BENNIS showed, that he ought sot to have had a stir
gle farthing. Mr. Batinues speech is worthy of par
stealer attention.—Leans hope, that the time is ap-
proaching, when a Parliament will buy itself with
some thing other than the disputes of Doctors by eyes
sod eye-lids. The dispute here seems to he between
the scissors sad the kaiA; and the KaHltes seem to
have carried it; and they have got the 40001. at any
rate, which we grudge them moat cordially. Perms
and Lawyers have always bees dipped with the
THING; and now, It seems, the Surgeons are to fol.
low ie this way of all flesh.

" AYCIINT Hisvear."--This seems to be as nice a
thins shooed be! The Cameceaaoa *fags EXCREQOUR
moved as address to the Ktmn to cause tiro thousand
pounds a year of the public mosey to be laid oat in
printing editioss of the "Ancient Histories of the
Magdom" Bang ! There is pretty work ! Who
is to select the histories ? Who Is to select the editors?
This will be a most beautifully impartial thirg ! Who
are to kale Me books? What is to be the price ?
Who is to pocket the produce? We are come to some-
thing at last, when the Government is toast up printer
and bookseller !—Nereetbeless, Sir Janes blaczin-
TOIU approved monstrously of this ►istorical un-
dertaking, or job of work; and, as to Mr. Ben-
ISST.IB." sever ga►s a vote with rare pleasure in his
Life"!—Ob ! bow famously we shall ►ave all the
Norman families emblazoned la these " dottiest His-
.. tories" We shall see evactly liew they " eanse is
" with Me Conqueror." Bat, let as have some ad-
denda, Mr. Yam, that will tell es how each family be-
came possessed of bands aad mines and motors. If
you publish these histories, Van, at the peoples' es•
pease, we will find somebody to supply the Addenda.
—Better let it alone, V.N. The more you stir it,
the worse ►t will be. •

TRVIISDAT, JULY 25.
Ix TIM LORM—Matterspf fore owl.
IN Tllll Commoxo —Mr. Hopis brosibe forward
roir;oir of Ilmoolstioo••• Aim Siokiag Food. vskisit soot,

Baldry negatived. They oscopied,bwrwhotometwowse
is the *frying Cldonick. While the speech of Mr.
Hume wailtoingsikthere were, the Marais: Chro-
nick says, ten members on the Might/aerial side of the
the House sad nine on Pother aide; makisg Dinettes,
and, iscluding the S a, a single score. oat of the
thirty three score and eight! Bet, the Chrwskits's
Scotch blood ought not to _rise at this: fee. though we
I can plainly see that Mr. Hums bad sever read Letters
IV, V, and Vt, of Paper against Oold, the thitty-two
score and eight Members might have read It; and, if
they bad, they must hive been unable to refrain
from laughing at Mr. Hums's Speech.—Pray, reader,
take the following from Mr. Hum c's Speech
a He (Mr. Hume) differed wholly from Mr. Pitt, and
" he would state the result of his inquiries upos the sub.
" ject: it was this :—that no government coed Aare a
" sinking feed—that it was not consisteat with the prin.
" tildes and powers of figures that any sum of money
".could be applied by a government as a slaking fund
" within Itself; by "militia itself" he meant that no
" state like Great Itritain, taking a portion of its revs-
" sues. and operating on ifs awn resources, coaldoreate
any stemmas:ave. or an aggregate sum, with any be-
" acficial consequences. In pecuniary transactions no
" Advantage could accrue to one individual, bat at the
"loss of another; and if be considered the sinking fend
" as a portion of money taken from the general revenue,
" to accumulate whatever the sinking fund gained must
"Gs a loss to the public revenue. The Honourable (leo-
" tletnen illu s ed this point by pattiag it as his own
" individual case It was not is the power of figures,
" be contended, to show a gain of a single farthing by
"the sinking fund; on the contrary, all the expenses
" attendant upon it were clear lose, sad the lose would
06 be still greater if the purchases for it were not nude
" upon equal terms. even *kb a surplus revenue."

Now read the above Letters in Papir against OW
(published first in 1811.) which. yua will ere. Mi.
Hume never could Lave read; for. if be bad t be
never could have put any part of this fort
ova, without being guilty of ple,;•ierriem a
ever yet covered with shame a convict f n
Tritielem. But, Oil efould the other menebere
lit there for, upon the hard benches, to see this or.
rator pouring out of his phial what they bad before
seen in Mr. COBBICTT'II bottle?
SLAVS TA/M.—Being quite snre, that Xce,
Spain and Portugal will, in spite of ee, cart the
Slave Trade, as lung as our DM shall last, we 81401
have taken not the smallest notice of an address ao
resolution, brought forward by Mr. IVianaaroacx,
bad be not happened to compliment the Government
of the United States of America, by saying, that it
bad prohibited slavery altogether in the extensive
territory of the filisounri ; and be exhorted the flosses
to follow the glorious example. Mr. WILIIIRFORCS
is not a hypocrite and deceiver; but he is d, -
hypocrites. The Territory of Missouri
extensive, and the area of the West
is still more extensive, and has really

population of human beings than
Territory, which is, alumni wholly,
Then, again, Vile Territory I. by no
calmed fur a profitable system of Slavei
WILIIIR/ORCE look, not only at Mary
the Carolinas, and Oeorgia, but at the

Mississipi. Kentucky, 'renegue, and Alabama; and
there he will find slavery in its most edicts form and
deepest dv aid where, there are more people in one
square mile than is the whole of that extensive terri-
tory of which he is talking. In short, the government
of the Ualte.l Stamm maintains Slavery is the utmost
rigour over tiro-thirde of its Territory with regard to
population and value of prodnets ; it maintains it
where it is profitable to the planters to main-
tain it; and it maintains it not where it
wosil be unprofitable. Let us hear no more
of the example of the United States' 0 meat,
then. And, before Mr. Wigan aaaaa cis compliments
that Goverarneat another time, let him be informed.
that vessels are built at Baltimore for the express
purpose of the Slave Trade, that they are openly
fitted out and sailed front that port on that trade; and
that. so respeele6k a►e the merchants that carry on
that trade, that one of the members of the Steam of
the United States whore name is De Wow, has bees
openly stated to be an owner of slave vessels In the
public papers of the United States ! Let Mr. Wta-
enaroacx then be cautious bow he bolds up the go-
vernment of the Milted States u being, in this re-
spect, an example for as to follow. We hate hypocrisy
fall as ranch as we hate the Devil himself; the con-
trary of hypocrisy has always been the characteristic'
of Englishmen; and we d. not like to have the eon-
duet of the Congress held forth as an example for us
to follow with regard to negro slavery, or any slavery.
We never ten mention this matter without doing jus-
tice to the Midland and Eastern States, whose in.
habitants bold ibis slavery is abomination as mach as
re do.

FRIDAY, JULY 26.
There was nothing of importance, except the Super-
thin Sill in the ileum of Commons, sad with
regard to which, we alk‘ll only remark is this
plate, that the Bill was read a third dm, and passed
the next day.

•
MONDIA. JULY 30.
rue Loans.—The Irish Cantabiles' Bill was
read a third time, mid pulsed ; and. after a debate of
Immo length, sod ea which we shall not remark, hav-
ing sufficiently noticed the speedos as it passed
through the Commons, the Alien Bill was read a
third time and passed.
In Tug Commons the Irish Stamp Duty Bill went
through a Committee, and the Report on the Potities
of the Caicetta Bankers was received and ordered to
lie on the table.
The Bigkote Chapel Bill, which seems to be a
pretty affair enough, is, as far as we can gather, laid
asleep for another six months, and we believe, that, if
it ever awake, it will awake in a great fright.

STOCK SXCHANOB. rireLvs acLuctc

A great deal of business has been doing this morning.
and the same party who has been prelmslog for NI.
ral days pnet,.bas been again acting this mottling, and
purchased 100,0001. Consols at present are SOH for the
Account, and 90H for Money.
Is consequence of the intelligence from Paris this
morning. the Spanish Fends are very heavy, and
scarcely any buyers of the Sends. T..m.rrow being
settling day for all Foreign Securities, operates greatly
on the ipanisit Securities, as it I. sapplimod there is a
umber of Beers in the *bow Stock.
Oma o'CLoca.--Console continue steady at NH.
This ..went am hundred Spoil* 110111 k bees brp
`NM at 121.*Itit a dull market.
New ermuhti, • et—Old, 8111—New Prussian. flei—Old.
931 80— Russian. SS—Daelsh. bn—Neopelttas. Tti--
Mill, lib to I—Colatablan. SS—Scrip, SIR.

Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyds
Genoa, dated the 18th hut.

" Mr. Croce, Master of the Sardinian brig La Peet,
arrived in this Port yesterday from Constantinople,
which he left on the 15th ult., reports that the Grecian
fleet, on the night of the 18th, buret and destroyed

the greater part of the Turkish fleet of Cisme,

means of fire ships.—We learn that this statement
has been also given by bf. Beldini, Blaster of the
Austrian brig II Cotamercio de Triest, who arrived
yesterday from Odessa. Should the intelligence be
correct, it will no doubt be soon confirmed by other
_channels."

Paris papers of Saturday and Sunday last have
been received. The former are destitute of foreign
intelligence, and contains little else than a report of
the proceedings of the Chamber of Deputies on the
preceding day. $ I chapter, of the Budget Law
for 1823 were passed without such discussion. On
the resolution being proposed fur a sum to he set apart
for the promotion of literature and the fine arts, the
remarks 'of M. Rodet occasioned a storm. Whilst
proposing to reduce the charge fur public monuments,
he reproved the erection of statues to Louis XIII.,
Lonis XIV., and Louis XV. He contended that the
reign of !Anis XIII. had only been the despotism o;
ea ambitious and cruel Prelate, the Cardinal de Riche-
lieu. To Louis XIV. be objected that insatiable am-
bition which aimed at the 'abjection of Europe. and
Involved his !Leer years in calamity and disgrace.—
'He also quoted the proud expression of that Despot,
" The State, it is I," and his humane and politic Re-
vocation of the Edict of Nantes. Louis XV. he justly
Characterized by a single expression, the truth of which
is undeniable; " the memory of his reign is still too
young, to allow us to forget that it was a reign filled
with all kinds of disorders, and stained with every
pollution."
Bat these sentiments, however histori-
cally correct, not being palatable to the majority, the
tempest of their indignation raged without bounds,
until the Orator was called to order by the President,
ived of his right to address the Chamber.-
-reche afterwards opposed the erection of
Generals PicbeErn and Moreau, on the
that the former sullied his services by betraying
try at one time, and losing his life in au at-
commit " a cowardly !nation" on the
Napoleon. With respect to Morean, he do-
med' to have been his most intimate friend
sharer of his exile, but be bad perished fight-

is deceived by eind deprive
nri is, ind , Basun
Vestern
illy a Ir. slaws to
Bus groped tha
tiea
Wilde country
no weenie pi to co
very. Let person of IS
land, Vitgi glared him
New States d the eh.
A • 4)l' •
