Mr, LITTLETON presented a petition fro:n Cie Ma-
nufacturers in the parish of Burelem, in fitelfordel.ire,
praying for en equalization of the Dude.; on East and
West India Suirle.—Laid on the table.
Mr. LITTLETON presented another petition, from ,
Dudley and other towns in Staffordshire, against the Big
repealing the Combination Acts, and raid that he would
opium it on its second reading. .
Mr. P. MOORE said that the Bill had been printed
fire weeks, and in the hands of Members, thongh he did
r-t ask the opinions of-any of them. He had, -however,
collected a great deal of inbrmation on the subject from
thoeer.t• concerned. Ile could find a million petition-
ing for his !till for the hundred who were against it. He
bad every reliance on the principle of the Bill. He
thought if the labouring classes were well paid, there
would he no complaints of the etcessive pressare of poor
rates. There were about five million mannfactureet, and
if only a farthing a day were added to their wAges, that
small addition would make 2,040,0001. a-year, which
would diminish the poor. tetra by so much. He hoped'
the Crouse would allow the Bill to go before a Committee
sip stairs, after a second reading, which was fixed for
Wednesday.
Mr. STUART WORTLEY gave the Hcia. Member
credit fpr the trouble he had taken with the Bill. He was
convinced from his own experience, that those Combina-
tion Acts did no good. It would be always better to let
the master and workmen settle those matters among
themselves. He would, however, rather see the Honour-
able Member's Bill repeal those Acts simply than enact
any new regulations.—lle wished after the Bill was con-
sidered in the Committee np stairs, it might be let lie
over till next Session, in order that the manufacturers
might have the opportunity of expressing their opinions
on it.
Lord STANLEY approved of the suggestion of letting
the Sill lie over till next Session.
• Mr. HUSKISSON concurred in the Lion that
much praise was due to the Hon. Member for the trouble
he had taken in preparing the Bill. He considered that
the Hill rontained regulations so minute and impossible
to be carried into execution, that instead of resorting to
ferty.four Acts of Parliament, they could find in one all
that could emits nd pnzzle them. He recommend-
iel the Hon. Member not to press his Bill this Session,
but in the early part of the following Session to move
f.r an appointment of a Committee on the subject. it
was quite evident that under the pressure of public
business at present, a Committee op stairs could have no
effect.
Mr. DUGDALE concurred in the postponement.
The petition was then bet:sight up, an I after a few
words from Mr. PETER MOORE, Mr. LITI'LETON,
Mr. PHILIPS, and Mr. HUSKISSON, was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, with reference to a question
he asked.a few days since relative to the houses in New-
street, Spring-gardens, be wished now to ask whether
the Treasury had received an estimate of the propose., ex-
pencilrf 5,0001. to erect those buildings; and also the
tl
value° fie land before the houses he erected.
Mr SHINGTON said be would submit the Papers
to-morrow (this day).
Mr. BROUGHAM hoped the Honourable Gentleman
would ascertain, at the same time, if there were soy
offices belonging to the Vietuall:ng Board or to the
Admiralty, unoccupied, which might have answered the
p a rpose.
Sir H. SHAW presented a petition from the Coroners
of tho County of Dublin against the Irish Coroners' Bill.
Mr. SPRING RICE said, that the objection to the law
which he hail predicte I, was no: found to have been real-
ize I by the complaint of the petitioners.
After a few words from Mr. R. MARTIN, Mr. HUTCH-
INSON, Sir JOHN NEWPORT?, Mr. 00IMBURN, and Mr.
Dace, the petition was brought up and laid on the table.
Mr. LINDSEY presented a petition from the Weavers
of Cupar, against any alteration to the Linen Laws.
Mr. R. COLBORNE presented a petition from Blythe
against the continuance of slavery in the West I ndies.—
Lsid on the table.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented a petition of George
. Ness, of Dublin, complaining of the conduct of the Guild
of Merchants. He could not refuse to present the peti-
tion, thOugh be was averse to vouch for the truth of its
al:egations.
Alter some words in support, the petition was laid upon
the table.
Mr. HUME inquired from the Hon. Secretary for the
Colonial Department, if Sir Thomas Maitland was to re-
turn from Corfu.
sit.. WIL3IOT said, that arrangements were made to
that effect.
Mr. LENNARD, pursuant to notice, moved for lean to
bring in a Bill to alter and amend the laws relating to the
burial cf persons who have been adjudged jelo de se. As
t' ere was not any opposition to his motion intended, he
would sot occupy the time, but merely explain the nature
of his Bill. 'i here were, by the law, three classes of
persons excluded from Christian burial; those against
whom felo de se was adjudged ; those dying without
having received baptism -, and persons excommunicated.
With the two latter lie would not interfere, and he proposed
in the case of persons felo de se, to do away with the dig-
gusting forms of running a stake through the body, and
the public exhibition of that custom. His view was, that
the Coroner shoUld be instructed to order a private inter-
ment of the body by night.—Leave was granted to bring
in the Bill.
Mr. HUME rose to bring on his motion oo the pro-
priety of discontinaiwg the office of Lord Lieutenant in
Ireland; but on the suggestion of Mr. Peel that the Se-
cretary for Irish affairs was not in the House, be consent-
ed, to postpone his motion.
Mr. wiLmor hoped the House would allow him to
take precedence of the Order of the MY on the Irish la-
qiiiry, to more for leave to bring in a Bill, all explanation
on which, nith the leave of the House, he would defer till
the second matting.
Mr. A BERCRO al BY suggested that the House should
either go on with the inquiry, or give it up altogether.
If a courtsey were granted to one blember, nmuy others
might expect the same.
Mr. WILMOT then moved for leave to bring in a Bill
for the better administration of justice in the colonies of
New South Wales ; and for a similar 818 for the Colony
of Honduras.—Leave granted.
Mr. PEEL moved fur leave to bring in certain Bills
relative to the Criminal Lases. On the discussion on these
I a!vs, be declared that it was his intention to move for the
repeal of the punishment of death in certain cases. In the
course of his inquiries, since he discovered that there
were two crimes which he was not then aware were liable
to the charge of felony—that of stealing woollen cloths
from tenter-hooks, and the cutting hop-tines. He had in-,
chided both these in his Bills; sad proposed the altera-
tion for either to transportation. He then moved leave
to bring in several Bills.
LORD LIEUTENANT OF IRELAND.
Mr. HUME postponed his motion respecting the pro-
priety of continuing the Lord Lieutenant and Court In
Ireland, which stood for this day to the 17th of Juni..
SHERIFF OF bUBLIN- ..
The House then resalved itself into a Committee, to in-
quire into the conduct of the Sheriff of Dublin.—Sir
Kober' Heron in the Chair.
Mr. Plunkett was then examined in his place by Mr.
CALCRAFT.
Is it the practice of the Law Officers of the Crown in
Ireland, to give any orders to Magistrates with respect
to committals ?—1 never understood that any such prac-
tice did exist.
to the ease of Forbes did the Law Officers order Slrr, the
Magistrate, to commit capitally f—Certainly not. An opi-
nion was expressed that the offence charged was a capital

+'~r'
`s
