.TILE KIN(

When bad men conspire to work evil, good men mui
combine for their own defence. This is a lesson so forei
lily taught by natural f•elingr and common sense, that we
have often been surprised, that recourse to this defensive
system, has not been mare frequent than it has been in this
Country. Thanks to Providence, however, which brings
good out of evil,that the agents,andimanagers cf the Bridge
street Gang, have been chosen at last as the instruments of
rousicg the public mind to a sense of the utility and im-
portance of such a system. Glasgow, the great commercial
capital of Scotland, which has for years been distinguished
alike, for liberal politics, for moral habits, and for the ob-
servance of religious decorum, has set the honourable ex-
ample, to every city and town in the United Kingdom.—
The recent verdict given in the trial of Mr. Hunt, which
we feel assured is at variance with the opinion of the
sound,untainted, and impartial part of the public, has
• removed every doubt of the danger to which liberal discus-
" sion must be exposed, under such a system.
When this plan becomes generally adopted (as we hope it
soon will) one part of the community wiil he no longer ban-
died against another, in angry contentions and furious hostility;
but peace reign, truth triumph, and the liberty of the Press
stand a Chance of becoming something more than a name.

Saturday's Gazette announces that the Right Reverend
Father in God, Doctor Henry Ryder, Lord Bishop of Glouces-
ter, has been recommended to be elected, by a eonge (retire.
Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry ; and of Mr. Cninnery, to
be a Resident Commissioner in Spain, for the settlement of
the claims of British and Spanish subjects.
On Friday, the iron gates at the new entrance to St.
James's Park, at the end of Pall-mall, were thrown open to
the public.
It appears by a letter from Long Island, New York,
dated the 19th of December, that the Rev. Mr. Colton,
about whose disappearance there have been so many re-
ports, LOS arrived in the United States.
A temporary floating breakwater, projecting from the
shore about half a cable's length, is laid down oppost.te
Deal Castle, with a small flag on the outer end.—(Cenglah
Gaze Jet)

• -
Ilnictrrox, StINDAY AFTER:Y(ION.
His Majesty was sufficiently recovered to he able to a-
tend Divine Service this day, in the Palace Chapel, the con
cregation in the body of which was a crowded one. The
King. exceting pent, is
that his Majesty is somewhat
paler from copnfinemes looking well. —(Mo Paper.)

Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock, a Cabinet Connell
was held at the Foreign Office, Downing-street, which was
attended by the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of (humidly,
the Earl of Westmoreland, the Earl of Liverpool, Mr. PeA,
Mr. Canning, Earl Bathurst, the Doke of Wellington,
Viscount Melville, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Huskisson, Viscount
Sidmonth, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, fee. The de-
liberations of the Cabinet continned for en unusual length-
ened time, being three hours and a half, they not breaking
up till half-past five.
Yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock, a Cabinet Coon
cil was held at the Foreign (Mee, Downitieastreet,
which was attended by the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of
Harrowhy, the Earl of Liverpool, the Earl of Westmore-
land, Viscount Melville, Mr. Peel. Mr. Canning. Earl Ba-
thurst, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Wynn.
The Cabinet continued in deliberation till live o'clock.
The deed) of the late Earl Cornwallis has thrown much
valuable Church preferment into the hands of :Ministers.
for University intelligence contains the appointment of
Dr. Smith as the Dean of Christ Church, in the nova of
the new Dean of Durban). By the promotion of Dr.
Bethel, to the See of Gloucester, in the room of the new
Bishop of Litchfield, the enery of Chichester will be-
come vacant—the successorD,a we believe, is not yet fixed
upon. •
Mr. Wingfield, it is generally presumed, is to be the new
Master in Chancery. in the room of Chief Baron Alex-
ender ; anal Sir Griffin Wilson, the Recorder of Windsor,
is to he appointed the Welch Judge, in the place of Mr.
Wingfield.
A Peerage has been offered to the Lord Chief Justice
Abbott, which, it is said, his Lordship declined.
A letter from New York says. that a hill had been intro-
diced in the (Liaise of Representntives, providing for bring-
ing the Marquis de la Fayette to !liis country, and return-
ing him to la ranee again, in a national ship, provided he
'wishes, as it has been reported, to pay a visit to America.
A mail arrived on Saturday from Malta with letters and
papers to the 27th of December, but they contain nothing
important. Sir Thomas Maitland rifled for Corfu on the
7th, on hoird his Majesty's ship Martin.
The Gazette dc Madrid anal the Restaurador to
the 27th tilt. have been received. These pipers contain a
detail of the mutiny which we stated, some days ago,
to have taken place at Manilla. It was excited. it ap-
pears, so long ago as the second or third of last June,
by two officals of the regiment Del Rey, named
Novales and Ruiz. In this mutiny the King's Lieutenant
Folgueras was killed by the mutineers, bet after some con-
test the revolt was put down ; Novales, Ruiz, and 21 ser-
jeants were shot, and the common soldiers pardoned.
There fell on both sides in the conflict about 12 or 14
persons, among whom was an officer named Don All erte
Arguelles, nephew to the celebrated Don Augustin
Arguelles. A vessel named the Precioss, which had
sailed some time previously I for Cadiz, was brought hack
to Manilla about the end of May. Part of the crew being
South Americans had killed the Captain and other officers,
hoisted the Independent flag, and steered for Lima; but
the pilot, named Barredo, having foetid an opportunity to
speak, in their own language, to the Philippine Indian
sailors on board, induced them to join him in recovering
the ship and bring;ng her back to Manilla.
On Saturday morning last, Mr. John Dobson, ela rat to
Messrs. Hutchinson and Pladeralces Bank, in Stockton,
took a seat at that place in Shields Mail-coach, entrusted
with parcels containing bank-notes, bills and checks, to a
considerable amount, for tl.e purpose of exchanging. with
the different banks at Newcastle and Sunderland. lie de-
posited his parcels under the seat, in the inside of the'
coach, and during the time they were changing horses,
went into the Inn on some trifling errand. On his arrival
at Sunderland, he found the parcels I'lo been stolen out of
the coach, which is supposed to have been done at Stock-
ton ; be immediately returned to acquaint his employers,
anal every diligent search is making fur the robber. Suspi-
cion has fallen on a person who came be the coach from
York, and who quitted at Stockton.—Stecterstle Paper.
The Wealher.—Junuary, in which the most intense
cold in England is usually felt, has passed away without
storms of any kind, and with more sunshine than has
often been witnessed in April. The first week of February
has also elapsed, unattended by any of those stern conco-
mitants with which that variatde and dreary month is
generally ushered in; indeed we have hitherto experienced
little of the inclemency of winter, who has not yet un-
folded his awful train of " vapours, clouds, and tempests' ;
for though snow is to be seen on the mountains in the dis-
tance, particularly Skiddaw and Crossfell, yet there is
comparatively a mere sprinkling en the neighbouring fells
and none whatever on the low grounds. Since our last,
two or three days have intervened in which the air
had rather a frosty temperature ; but the sky remained
unclouded, anal little or no ice appeare I on the seaters.
The weather, up to the time when this paper went to
press, continned open and pleas int, with an uncommonly
mild and serene atmosphere for the sca3on.—Carlislc
Journal.
EARLY INCCOATION.—AD instance of the extreme mildness
of the season has recently occurret: at Ilarrahy, near this city,
where, about the begineing of the new year, a hen formed her
nest in a hedge-row and having brooded the usual time over
the eggs, unperceived by any person. on the 22:1 ult. brought
out nine chickens, all of which are alive, and thriving as though
they had been hatched two montes later.—(lbid.)
INDICATION nv SPRING.—No greater proof, perhaps, can be
given of the wild temperature of the season, than the very
early sineine of birds. In the neighbourhood
heard of of D
theearhetatn,
of
near Itlaryport, a thrush, in fine tune, was n
January : and on the 12th, the melodious notes of the black-
bird were heard neer the same place.—(lbid.)
WINCHESTER, February 7.—la censetmence of the extreme
mildness of the season, a variety of flowers already adorn
the gardens in this neighbourhood ; and, should the weather
continue favourable, the blossom of the early fruit trees (es
pecially apricots), will very shortly appear.
EXETER, February 7.—So mild has the season been of late
in this neighbourhood that primroses are to be met with in
almost every hedge.
CORN EXCHANGE, MONDAY, FEB 9.—Last week the ar-
rivals of all sorts of Grain, except (late, were good, and
this morning there is a good additional supply of Wheat,
Barley, anal Beans, from Essex, Kent, and Suffolk. The
quantities of Oats here at present is only moderate. The
millers, apparently with one consent, declined to purchase
Wheat this morning, and it was some time before sales of
any consequence could be made, the trade
than is tthiherefore
reported 3s. to 4s. per quarter cheaper s day
se'nnight, at which reduction several extensive purchases
were made. Barley is now so plentiful as to have reduced
the value of this article 'is. to 3s. per quarter since last
Monday, with a very heavy trade. Beans are declined Is.
per quarter. limy Peas are Is per (punter lower. Boiling
land White Peas are not plentiful, and they arc held at
about the same prices as last Monday. Although the con-
snmption of Oats now is larger and the supply rather
moderate, yet the buyers have purchased so few today
that the prices are declined ls. to 2s. per quarter from the
terms of last Monday. Flour is unaltered.
SMITHFIELD MARKET, Feb. 9.—There was a fair supply
of Oxen this morning at market, but not quite so great as
on former Mondays, and the prices is as high as on eei,
day se'nnight. Of sheep the market was rather short.
which also maintain their price; there appea-ed a best(
trade in the eatly part of the morning. Veal is scarce and
very dear.

Potrrs MOUT it, February S.—Wind S.ll.—Arrived IL M
ship Cyrene from the Coast of Africa. evperieneed a v:•ry se-
vere gale ..s.f win•l lit days ago. in whiei she was oStiged to
throw her guns overboard ; also arrived IL M. ship IL • is ies
from the Downs.

FALMOUTH. February 7.—Wind S.W.—S tiled if. 11. Packet
Magnet, for Lisbnn ; Countess of Chichester PAcket fur Raenus
Ayres ; and Prince Regent Packet f_or_the !led.
have all since put back.

- .
LTV snroot.. February 6.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the %INN",
Mason, from St. John's, New Brunswick ; Eagle, Russ. from
Halifax; Alin, from Trieste ; I.owlan•l Lass, A ndell,
from Bahia; Orbitt, 'finkham, from New York; hlarens,
Drew, from Charleston ; Aurora, —, from St. JAn's, New
Brunswick; Betsey, Martin, from Charente; Fairy Queen,
—, frans Bilboa; and Margaret, Cars, from s'. Mi.haers.

, -
iioLvitzso. February 6.--Yester lay evetlin...t nt K p,
daring a tremendons squall from N.W., the schooner J of
St. Andrews. the DunJas. Master. fr4in Cork to Liverpoul,
drove on the rocks here, when she snug went to pica...; t
inaster, mnte, and four seamen, wer., Jowled nn shore tIV
rope. but eleven of the passengers and two of the crew wer::
drowned.

Oa Tuesday arrived at the Itfotherl,ank his llaiestv's
ship Nleilina, 20, Captain P. D. H. Hay, from the Nieti• q-
ranean, having completed her period of thr-e years on that
station. She sailed from Malta on the 21st of December,
in company with a squadron under the orders of Captain G.
W. Hamilton, C. 8., of the Cambrian, which consis'ed of, he.
sides that ship, the Enryalns, 42, Captain Hon. A. W. 1.
Clifford, C. ; Medina, 20, Captain Hay; Martin, 2tl,
Captain Henry Eden ; Rose, 20, Captain Clowes ; and
the Despatch, 18, Captain B. H. Scott, which sere des.
tined to blockade the port of Tunis, in the event of the
Bey refusing to comply with certain requisitions, which
were principally the trap ciliate release of several persons
who, while under the protection of the British flag, had
been forcibly seized by a Tunisian corsair, and thrown into
slavery ; and that the Bey should sign a treaty, to secure
the British flag from such insulting aggressions in future.
With the first, the Bey readily complied ; but it was not
until after souse delay, & orders had been given to the Bri-
tish Consul to strike his flag, and prepare for immediate cm.
barkation,that he acceded to the second part of the demand.
The remembrance of the disastrous fate of Algiers was, it
was believed by the squadron, too strongly impressed on
the liey's memory to suffer him to try whether England
would carry her threat% into executino on the present ocra•
sion. The service being performed, the ships °title squadron
dispersed to their respective stations, viz. the Cambrian and
Deli:styli to Corfu; Euryalas and Rose to Smyrna; the
Martin to Malta.

----- -
Pona-stimuli', FEB. 7.—(From the Hampshire Tele-
graph.)—Extract from a letter received here from an °E-
lie. r of his Imperial Brazilian Majesty's ship Netherhov,
Captain Taylor, dated Bahia, Dec. 1,1823 :—" We have re.
fitted here after our four months' cruize in pursuit of the
Portuguese squadron. We followed them to tdaranlism,
crossed the Equator, and cruized a single ship off the Rock
of Lisbon 14 days ; where we fell in with their line-of-hat.
tle sh,p, and disturbed the Admired, after he bad hailed us,
by a few grape-shot into his stern windows, and made our
escape with ease. During the cruise we captured or d -
slroyed 17 prizes, 10 of which were despatched for Rio;
two of them are ,aluab!e ships.
A correspondent, who has for many years studied the
theory of the tides, writes, that if the wind blows from the
await west, on the 16th and 17th of the present month,
there will be the highest tides that bare been known for
the last 40 years.
The smack Lyme Paeket,Oeorge Clark, master, a regular
trailer from Cork to Peozance, Falmouth, and Plymouth,
sailed from the Cove of Cork, for the above ports' shout;
the 29th of December last, and has notsince been heard of
there is reason to fear that she has foundered with all her
erew.—(West Briton )
The stern of a boat, marked on the outside. Lyme, and
on the inside, Clark.has been:picked up at Matvgan-porch,
near Padstow.—(lbid.)
The vessel stranded near Bonmalton, on Monday,as men-
u
Coned in
that
to or last, is oing to .We ave not
been able lear a fast
nyg thin g haspieces been foundh sibce to
determine her name, or any other perticul ars. From the
description of the staves and timber washed out of her,
she is supposed to have loaded at Quebec. The ttruhe,r.
saved is oak and pine—the former marked "Alt M D,
" A S," and " A It M;" the latter marked with the
figure 6, in a lozenge. She had rather a low poop, no
figure at the head, and the cabin door near the larboard
side.—No rigging or stores of any kind were on board,
which leads to a belief that she has been visited by
other vessel, by which probably the crew were tshen
of
From the green and slimy appearance of the dolt, it tv,oula
appear that Fl.e tied been a long time abandoned.—(l# wet
ford Chronicle )

St'
'Ater
,ui
Adll
I Pit

TIIE FATAL MYSTERIES OF KNARESBROUGIL
en
KNARESBROL GII, Thum:ay. Feb, 2.—Nothing yet has be
heard of Mary Gitt and her chile—search continues to be made
for the bodies without success.
A report prevailed ytsterday, that the bode of Mr. POO
had been found. much bruised, in a field near Ktintesbro', or
Thursday evening ; bet by our accounts recelsed last nigh:
from that place, we find tint the rumour was unfounded ; and
we or• not altnttether without hopes that no murder has been
committed.—(Leeds Mercury.)
EDINBURGH, Feb. 4.—Friday afternoon, about SO genie
men dined together in Oman's hotel, for the purpose
celebrating the anniversary of our natien4l bird, Burtr—
,
Prdessor Wilson presided on this interesting oecason
and many other distinguished literary eharr
ters were also present. The anniversary
poet, was celebrated on Monday week,bv convivial meet!)
in 1).1 in fries, A r, Dundee, Breebio, and various other
of :lie
merlin

rail
the t

pew
Irit
nen,
stat,
rein[

drsi
tntt

ant
of
do!
of
ret

_ - -
of Scotland.
DEMISTER, THE JUGGLER.—in our last we stated
death of this ill-fated mortal at bliddlewich, in hated
on the 16th ult.: hut his extraordinary case havinz excl
considerable interest in the public mind, the folloivi
further partirsilars may not he unacceptable:—On the st
after his death the body was opened, and the knife for
in the stomach, which, with tl.c other of the viccera wrs
a state of inflammation and gangrenn. The handle of
knifr, (which wAss of hone) was dissolved, as liltswise
siderable portion of the blade: so powerfully indeed
the knife been acted upon by the juices of the stomach,
to impress v, ry forcibly on the minds of the medical
who opened the body, a belief that had the man coal,
at Carlisle, and been kept in a quiet state, the whole of
knife might hare been dissolved, and the case termini
favourably. The knife will be forwarded to Sir IV
Cooprr, together with a more minute account, svhich
probe ly appear in some periodical work. The '
mints Imitig stated th Sir Astley Cooper ad
ended an operation for extracting the knife,h we
but justice to the alrsve-mentioned gentleman to st:st".
they saw the man about three hours prior to his d.
when indimmation and mortification bad already
menet d.— (Curl sle Journal.)
Last night a robbery of property to the amount of four
dred mmis vaue was effected, by means of picklock
on thep premliesl of Messrs. Dean and Ca. tutors and w,
drapers, Ficch Lane, Cornhill.

[he unlner
It M I),"
with the
r poop, 110
he larboard '
on board, I
• by some
e taken out.
rit, it would
'ROUGH•
ret his been
s to be made
a( Mr. Prig(
aftresbro', or
red het nigh:
rounded
.der has been
at 80 gel";
purpose °`
✓d, Burin--
1g oecasin%
chant-
he Ayrshire
Oil meeting'
ether places
e stated the
in Cheshire,
,vinz exc'ted
the follow*
—On the dot
ie
1.11,31:11,
012,:natt'ekvsit
,‘lelhinetlntsdas.°,3: 'eLe
ere
,reiielect
undawcmstidi:arthcoyt I.l\°elp'
continue
found.
osetic I°lutwttabf ti
babel
t:r
d
e
o
nt of four
picklock ke
rs and WOO
• -
