POLICE.

Bow-trresex.—Yesterday a man of respectable ap
pumice was brought to the Office, and underwent an
examination before Sir R. Blame, charged with as-
saulting and behaving improperly to, a ceutinel on
duty in St. James's Park. The prisoner was ordered
to find bail, or be committed I. take his trial at the
Westminster Sessions.
William Curling, a soldier belonging to the 3d
Regiment of Foot Guards, was charged with feloni-
ously stealing a hat from the shop of Mr. John Per-
sica, the Strand. He very coolly confessed that be
did steal the hat. His object was strongly suspected
to be, that he might be sent to Botany Bsy.—He was
semmitted for trial.
QVISIC-11QUAIRS.—Yesterday Kendrick, the Black
Pugilist, was committed, in default of bail, for assault-
ing a hackney coachman, mimed Freetbey, and Caleb
Baldwin, jun. (the son of old Caleb, the pugilist and
Bear-baiter) on Thursday night, in the Almonry,
Westminster.
Tkoa. AbraAams and Jas. Mallyieux, privates in
the 3d Regionat of Foot Wards, were examined on a
charge of having robb:d their quarters, the King's
Head, James-street, Buckingham-gate, of 16 bottles of
Mountain, Lisbon, and Sherry wines, a quantity of ale,

and vinegar.—lteinanded.
Yesterday rooming two fellows, in a most daring
manner, snatched two pieces of bacon. weighing about
sixteen pounds, off the shop window of Mr. James,
cheeyernonger, in the Back-road, Saint George's in the
East, with which they ran off; bat bring pursued.
were, after a lung chase, secured with the property.
They were soon afterwards taken to ban-both.streer
Police Office. where they gave their names William
Thomas, and John Farrel, and were remanded for
farther examination.
bane( I

SVICIDS.-4 tinniest's', of great respectability
fn® the country, pat a peri44 to his existence on
Wednesday, at the tirtcklayers' Arun, Kent-road, by
hanging biu&self.

~~

.L ft

IRELAND;
lims :aura, Joys l.—Thorectay, the nigh Sheriß
of tNe connty'received an order to hawkish the fol.
lowing comical to the Penitentiary Hodes., Cork, pre-
via., to being embarked fur transportation for life to
one of his Majesty'. colonies. They were all convict.
ed and sentenced to be hanged at oar last Assists:—
Robert Cussen, for heading • party of Whitehoya, and
attacking the house of Juba Shelton, Esq.; Thomas
Kennelly, John Kennelly, James Ori&o, Michael
Welsh. John Fennell, Patrick Falwell, Patrick Corbett,
and James Domigline. for breaking into Sbanagoldies
Postodfire ; John C.'oessore, Michael Connors, p.
Al... Nannies, amid John Rorke. for breaking into Adam
3lilter's house, and taking a gas.
On Monday, Mr. Kitty. Chief Constable of Captale
Wilcock', Police. proceeded from Rathkeale, and epo
preivenord Michael Donovan, Thomas Gunman, Thee.
N.M. James Brown, and Michael hostility, charged
os.oatli with murdering Henry Sheba,. whilst cos.
vecing the Shanagoiden Alai,. Mr. Mutes. Chief
Cowatable of Captain Druogher Police, also apple.
Omitted, on hoard a vessel is this river, booed fur
ahoeseica, James Cleary, charged as principal is tie
Ouse murder In Cleary's Item" Dear Itiebiseale, •
pair ofnew shoes. which the. peat-boy had Is is
'rocker. when be was inordered,was got. The activity
of the different Police establishments, in the appre-
hestion of these villains, is truly orsisewortbr.
Jolt Pine (stated is oar last to lave bees "ph.
heeded is the county Corks, lep Colossi* &some, 01
the 40th) arrived at Ratlike:ay, on Tstrinley ; the fel.
lowing day, lie underwent a minute examination by.
Captain Wilcock% la the course of which it fully ap.
pealed that the pistol got is hie possession was 04e
property:of Rickard Going, Esq., who had it the day
he was smoldered, Which. with other circumstaneesi
not proPer,at, resent to state, tosied hint folly to be
emanated for this foul crime. Pion lived at Capparh,
of which ibe flee other perames, who arc also Indy
elm 'tiara for Mr. Golng'S murder, Were in!ial.i.ants.
A vrry eztessilie farm gunmen belonging to Paths k
Shehas, os the Cowmen* Of Uathkeate, wrs mislioi.
unity cup teed os &fund ty night. . .
Col. Woreott bad desired that his regiment shosid
dot purchideliotialOitietsig the present scarcity.
ofiba 26 is alt,
the betikilOP Wisgw formerly ioisihited ay Vest.
Lenoutioeflorl'e Court, tear Balyneekin, was testi.
etoosty.hortsed to the ground before tea o'clock. It
is very herd to say, even under .the system of tett .r
and revenge adapted by the rabble, whet ran have
nrideLleill. Unison so marked an object of their fury
—from 'ltch repeated outrages es bite before he
changed Isis eseideoet, to ems more secure frets the at-
tacks of incendiaries. While Klieg at Bat yno•lim.
his demeatiour Iwo. moderate and kiad ; and mem
under the impression of their violence, lie ghee,' tat
the idealist Indication of a vindictive resentment.—
(Chink/ lierdld )

THE RU.NsilffitY NEGRO!

. 7 t CI 4, t,AI
(ICON AN AMERICAN raves.)
That hnwan being, who would ten the gauntlet fur
freedom, so desperately as the poor Afrkso appears
to bare done, whose story Is given below, should
sorely never again be brought under the lash of a
task-master.
• The captilniif a vessel from Nortittarolisa. called
upon the police for advisement respecting a slave he
had onconscioisly brought away in his vessel, ender
the following ctirions circomstances ;
Three or four days after lie had got to sea, be began
to be haunted every hour with tones of distresf, seem-
ingly proceeding from a human voice in the very
lowest part of the vessel. A particular scrutiny was
finally instituted, and it was concluded that some
creature, whatever, or whoever it might be, mutt be
confined down in the run, under the cabin r ; and
ea boring a hole with an augur, and dentandin!.
Who's there? a feeble voice responded, "poor avg. • .
wee" It was clear enough then that some ins-
sway negro had bid himself there before they sailed,
trusting to Providence far his ultimate escape. flar-
ing discovered him, however, it was impossible to give
him relief, for the captain had stowed even his cabin
so completely fall with cotton, as bat jest to leave
room for a small table for himself and the mate to eat
on, and as for unloading at sea that was pretty mach
out of the question. Accordingly there be bad to
lie, stretched at full length, for the tedious interval of
thirteen dep. till the vessel arrived is port sad nu-
loaded, receiving his food and drink through the
augur bole.
The fellow's story is, now he is released, that b^irg
determined to get away from slavery, he supplied him-
self with eggs and biscuit and some jugs of water,
which latter he was just on the point of depositing in
his lurking place, when he discovered the captain Si
a distance coming on board, and had to hurry (WWI
as fast as possible and leave them; that he tire.)
on
nothing but his eggmasd.biscuit, till discovered hg
the 'captain, not ever getting a d.-op of water, escept
what he bad the good fortune to catch iii his band.
one day, when a vessel of water lu the cabin was spwt
during • squall, and some of it tan down through the
cracks of the floor over him.

SHOCKING ACCID/LNT.—Wednesday evening a IA!:
met with a very serious accident, while entleavourw:
to climb behind one of the IM ckwall Stage Coaches,
passing along High-stint, Poplar; one of the iron
spikes unfoannately ran through his wrist, sad be was
dr.gged after the coach a considerable distance before
be was extricated. It is feared he must undergo ass'
potation of the arm.
MARRIED.
On Wednesday last, at West Hsu Church. Mr. John
Cvoper, of Wet Haw Abbey, to Elite, second deogitter cf
the late We. Voce'', Esq. of the same pisee.

DIED.
On rue Bth lost., in Cheyoe-walk, Chelsea, Mrs• Ten"'
In the With year of her age.
On Wednesday morning, at her mildews is Wob6l-
place, Mrs. Hatless, in the 74th year of her age.
On Wednesday last, Mrs. Whitaker, wife of Mr. Mink
ler, solicitor, Broad-court, Long-acre, aged M.

London : Edited, Printed. and Published at the Ode et
" Tot STAT gill AN.' and •• The Cosrr ITV VON" (
.B.
a No. 297, Strata. by R. WARDEL, LI.S.
L
who all eissaatunlcatioas,, Orders, Ike. are repelled
be addressed.
