FRANKFORT PAPRIL.T.

Bearast, Wilms( 27.—1 t seems to be as good as
decided, that we shill have Provincial Assemblies of
the States, as was promised by the OriHustles of the
24d of May, 1813. It is a question whether it will
be according to the ancient division of the province.,
or to a new one. kingdom might be very well
divided into fire provinces, as rotten' :-Ist, Of
the Vistula; 4d, of the oder ; 3d, of the Db.;
4th, of lb. Weser; end sth, of the Rhine. 'The
I Met would comprehend East, West, sod South
Pressio (Posso); the second, Silesia, Brandenburg,
land Pomerania ; the third, the Greed Micky of
Sammy ; the fourth, the mildew Westphalia ; sod the
Mk, the left Bank of the Khios—Ms division has
teeny advocates.
Batten, MARCH 31 —Public Papers stale, that
Ilse Hanoverian Minister at the Diet, M. Mittens,
is consegeeoce of instructions from his Government,
has proposed ■ general reform of all the Germsn
Goias, ' 'et and joint m for the restriction of
the Academical privileges. Ile endestionied to stoppers
his proposal, not only by the disturbances which toot
place last year at Gottingen, but also upon priori. 1
pies which are developed in an Essay of M. Stoisdaa,
presented to the Coogress at Ais.la.Chapeile. The
proposal, however. is stared to have met with an mesh
opposition from ether Ministers to the Diet, that it
was laid aside.

It is said that Lord Clancarty, t►e British De.
poly . the Territorial Committee, bus hired his re.
Alone, for another year.—( Alger/seine Twitting,
April 9.)
MENTZ, Aram S —The military affairs of the
German Confederation seem to he pros►cutel with
activity. Major• General 'Anent's, President of
the Military Committee, has examined very exactly
the state of the fortress of Mentz. The negocla-
lions which for some time hese been goiog on be-
tween the Porte, and the Ambassadors of Spate,
Naples, and Denmark, respecting a new Tariff of
Customs, are terminated, by Naples kering obtained
the Tariff on the nute basic as France and D•nmerk,
and Spain upon the basis of that between the Porte
and Austria.

CONSTVIT I NOME, MA Ott II 11.—The Ministers
aid Ambas►adors of the different Powers of Europe,
assembled in t►is capital, persevere in the protests
they have made relative to the order Weed by his
Meknes, concerning the *Wield authority they
affect to exercise over the subjects of those same
Posers, who ere guilty of offences which may be
punished by the laws of Terkel. The Spanish Em-
bassy, in particular, has addressed very liv►ly repre-
sentations on this subject. 'llse Grand Stripier has
replied, that he will not roles the rigour of his
order, and that if any Spahish subject shall commit
an offence, he will have Aim punished immediately,
to afford a proof of his jurisdiction.
Leann, Matto! 30.—According to accounts re.
mired by the Magistrates of Lowenberg, a danger-
oes contagion was stated to hove broken oat in the
estnefacturiag town of Iteicbenberg, is Bohemia
(only four leagues from Lowenberg, and a Ingest
from the frontiers of Silesia), of which 100 persons
►ad died up to the 20th of this month, and 400
others were ill. The disease, which seems to be
typhus pestilestiaks, mosses death in 36 hours.—
Persons have been Dent to make the necessary en.
quid's, and in the mean lime every ptecoution is
adopted to prOsent the spreading of the disease.

There are two striking novelties in the Scheele of
the present Lottery. First, it is the only Lottery
of 10,000 Tickets that ever contained Foot Prises
of k20,000!!!--sed Secondly, it is the only Let-
tery in which the spry First god Second Prise, drawn
oat of the Wheel become entitled to 820,000 each.
The lost five minutes' Drawing ow the I Ith MAT
will be interesting beyond all former precedent.
A very ancient implement of warfare was Well
dinovered in the crevice of a rock at Bangor Ferry,
by one of the labourers employed in preparing the
foundation for the Menai Bridge. It is a bard red-
dish stone, formed at rine end like a wedge, end
pointed at the other, iotended for leartrtion at the
end of a pole, and calcalated to answer the peeping'
of a battle-ale. From the siaplitity of the material,
it is probable that it was seed by soma of the abori-
ginal inhabitants of Ang:esee, as an iostromeet of
warlike defence, at period prior to No discover/ of
the ale of tre!als.

LONDON:
TUBSDAY. APRIL to, 18!9.

There is a breath of something unfavourable per.
wading the g.estd mousey mart of the nation ; and on.
happily 'bow who stir It op. have the opportunities
of profiting by it, whether other people lose or
win. After the momentary object is gained, these
issrpira, mho h•se already effected their design, mis
with the crowd of common spectators as if the whole
time they had 4mm lookers on Thus it is
that highly rob we., i•trunrs of ibar nstints's pro-
sperity are PPP fill% WA re Oh by venal and lying
Journals. sod then, as • ; h ...rprise, they complain
,tats sont• rinirtrr rod uorntesern accident has touted
the entry cop from the Itp just as about to begs.
or I 'asp% the disappointment is at oncecharged to the
, coon' r r It,. ittronisne• and their seditious or
even treasonable purposes. Thus it will ever be
with an unhappy nation, whose espences are so
enormous as that the very cootrouliag of its ac-
counts is sufficient to keep the whole People in sub-
jection or slavery. The nation is now nearly wet-
' wiselimed its the flood of debt and correptioe, thel
waters are op to its chin, and painfully does it carry
its head to prevent suffocation every moment. It
never can breathe again bet pith Oht third, or per.
haps half of its debt cod iecumberanre removed.—
How long the men with so little ability, and
so much ambition, may be able to ward off the
certainly approaching convulsion, it is not pos.
Bible to say ; whether they can amass or baw-
-1 booxle the People of Great Britain till that alas.
tropho arrives, requires mere prophetic knowledge
than we possess. Bat if they do remain in power
till that artful crisis, then is there no doubt bat they
will be glad to hide their plity beads, and a melon.
eholy question will aria*, viz. whether they have
quitted their posts fingerless% to allow the powers
of mosciiation to take effect. Bat this remote
reesonisse would carry us too far. For the present,
our belief is, that our monied men have a filed, a
serious eye open the financial wheel, and that al.
though the Courier had the effrontery to assure its
reader, that the nation's affairs were flourishing beyond
all example, yet these capitalkts are convinced, that
instead of sates being repealed, a lose must be asked
for; or that the mosey appropriated to k Pep down (how
abased to sty pay off) the National Debt, must be
perverted to the Iteert.sickening purpose of providing
for the current etpeetres of the year. So that let the
wheel be turned either way, it is oaf able to the
financial views of the country. All this is from the
maintaining a large standing army in' time of pro-
fessed peace, In order to keep down the complaints
of the People. Then oar Ministers then have
the doubly mischievous art of producing general dig.
content from general distress, anti then to prevent
the espression of that discontent of making addition
to the sum total of distress, thereby perpetuities
misery by rendering the effect of oppression a new
close of farther oppression. The Stocks, it will be
seen, are not changed for the better. What differ.
face there is to-dry is on the other side.
