UMW

ieTtiat liitj riillf liveseteid flikellhare they be.
iigrt Aretelbet tliepsclsherl that the
suld-‘eiesidad le dr asess way. If that was
...Willa Rieke Illee.loaretary show that t was
!Aftwelplats. Oft give abuse insteadiHe
lad elteseephyommettable, and ready to do the
in what Spy ittessiverl a just and fair course.—
tot snow to EV the Right Hon. llentleman was
t—hs heal opinions of his own on the subject,
siphoned. Moor advise the people to act in a
I wee erel•Althe lea honest. He believed there
•no apposidem IV the Petition being received.
hear.)
IANNING paid a few words which were in.
in 'be gallery.
ROMA thought there was a broad disdne-.1
wixt the pablic creditor who lent his money be.
year 1797, and paid it in gold, and those who
to that time is a depreciated paper money, coo-
*either into gold, silver. or copper. He would.
willing to pay any just debt, public or private,
old go all his life in rugs, and live upon bread
lei in order to he able to de so. lint be did think
was their duty to do what the French did with
olgueta, treating all debts contracted in that
of money as in a depreciated commie'', and
'their liquidatioa in the preemie amenity with
se to that depreciation.
WILSON contended that the Hon. Geotkwitog oaf
er side of the House. bad as much to do with the
the lemurs fur the resumption of cash pay-.
iacy epos his side. He road never agree with
t. Gentlemen who spoke last, that there was any,
betwixt the English Rack note and the French,
ts; and were they to attempt to treat peatesets
ray he proposed, they would never have coo-
their. liquidatioits, and would plunge diemselves.
Is, the operation or termination of which they
,t foresee..
lONCl‘explaised.
I. PHILLIPS thoeght the evil of the rioneeptiot
payment measure had bees great eanagh without
.sting the. in the way be thought they hulloes
ide of dm House.
.00KIIART said. that when Oliver Cromwell
provisions in his camp he voted a general fast;'
there was tio gold in the country that Howe
'at paper was equal to gold. Keeping this in
thought it would seem rather hard to call MPS
rho asked for a reduction Of the bitterest of the
,;ilit.isiteir bow little the matter was under-
- • .
. MARTIN believed that the objectiasable"
n the petition came from persons who were ip
lila full import, and he' hoped the house woukll
rate without coming to an express understanding
y would not sanction a reduction of the national
a few words from Mr. D. Brown, the petition
ered to be laid on the table.
s motion that it be printed.
ALOUD/IAM took occasion to observe. that it
opinion that the principal of the public debt
of to be infringed upon, and that it was their
pay the interest as long as they could. He be-
!ley would be able to do this if they retrenched
mercenary existing extravagance; but if not, and
etty's Minister were allowed to go ea in a frond-
arse of wilful extravagance, 00 one could sky
ig they would continue able to discharge their
lebts. It was in the whole, series of measures
man, to the currency, that the evils felt in the
day were attributable; and when the Richt)foa
weineeite talked of some one making ineldions
to*, ee public faith -ami-she public ere.
a would tell him to whom that languageapplied.
,d those who were about him. might settle it
t themselves, for it was they who were inspli-
It was their measures, as he bad before ob.
which partaking of the nature of rapine as
fraud, were at once an insidious, nomanly,base,
eat attack on public credit.—(llear, hear.)
ecretary PEEL assured the Hoe. and Learned
sae, that of all that he might ever have to ob.
iiin, an underhand course was one which should,
mosgat the number. He did not refer to him
e talked of insinuations on the score of necessity
the taaletenance of national faith inviolate; and
led to his plans stated at the beginning of the
for the redaction of taxation. Necessity might
cases justify extreme a, but to apply
principle in the present case as recommeodrel
s the same in a public sense, as a highway rob.
uld be in a private one.—(dear, bear.)
lENNET said he was ready to repeat that his
• Governmens had committed a cheat upon the
.reditor, in continuing the fradalent season of
le was willing to pay the public creditor. bat wet
an lie owed him ; but if lie had borrowed Mk
I called upon to pay 34.15. he should resist thetas
and fraud. His Majesty's Ministers, whilst they
much about national faith and publiccredit, were
bo were guilty of the most flagrant attacks upon
{'heir acts would be remembered long after their
rere swept into oblivion. The would leave mo-
sof ruin behind them, which would exist long
sir names were not known but by the record of
which should explain to after times the authors
rile which would then press upon them.
liminess of LONDONDERRY did not rise to
the already protracted discussion, nor to copy
wage en temper in which the lion. Member for
nary (Mr. Renoir!) bad delivered himself, which,
d vesture to say, were as peculiar to himself as
ore rare in persons of his station in life. If he
o become the advocate of revolution and spoil-
s must Owl a much better pretext than what be
forward that night. When he talked of paying
2Os. borrowed, he must tell him, that looking
remostances under which the contract with the
.reditor was made—we hoeing spent the money,
by law, was only to be paid in sterling. money,
tied to be paid off at the end of the war, it would
rising a most .li‘hionist power now to tort roun 1
ide upon the equity of their debts. The bargain
le noon clear and intelligible principles on both
id they ought honeoly, film Englishmen, per.
sir parts of the contract.
Menet aid the Marquess of Londonderry mute-
lammed.
LICARDO said be had great doubts whether the
reditor had beeefitted by thechanges in the car-
bich had taken place. He thought the people
ight to canvass any question of the teatime of
no debts, bat at the same time he thought before
opted a steps against the public creditor. it
made. duty of the public debtor to make out a
relevance.
- - -

E said, he thought the Noble Marquess op.
sight to look to his acts in another country he-
charged his Hon. Friend, the Member for
bury, with revolutionary conduct. He challenged
rotor out any one act of dishonouty in the public
to conduct of his Hon. Friend "The Noble Mar-
war-whoop bad long been rapine and revolution ;
the boy in the fable, he was not now listene i to.
light they had no right to touch the public
at all.
Marquess of LONDONDERRY explained.
leaflet and Lord Clifton ale 3 said a few words
'nation.
fONY WOOD, on moving that the petition be
said, that there was not one person in the

.(. ~.~~

'the Intestliie

'enrollees

county wbe was aware of the ins. _ -to t...oilece the
dean Alma to in the petition.'
Thopeddon was then ordered to be printed.
MAYNOOTH COLLINS. IRCLAPID.
Sir J. NEWPORT gave notice, that when the Irish.
Estimate. came on, he should move that Maynooth Col-.
legs should be raised to 13d1001. as it was in 1907-
ALUM' NMI.
On the motion for the second reading of the Alkali
Bill,
Sir J. MACKINTOSH said, that. after the pailful
and alarming discussion whirl had occupied the greaten
part of the evening, the House would agree with him ini
thinking, that were he to coesult his own personal so-
-thisetion, be would not attempt to detain them ipso
du subject then before the House. In the subject jaita
pat to rest, they Ind area different climes in the con.:
munity engaged in endeavouring to avert from thesis
selves that evil which seemed to threaten them all ; and
elthoegli that on which lie was shout to address the
House did not possess the same personal interest, hi
trusted, on the ground of ire importance to others, it
would receive their attention. He begged of the Housel
to call to mind the various pretexts under which this
Bill had hitherto, since the peace, been enacted. In
1814 they were told that they most not upon a transition
from war to peace make too sudden a jump from vigi-;
laore to perfect security. In 1819 it was the concourse'
of foreigners at Brussels; and in 1820 it was renawell
on the reasonable apprehensive that Calabrians and Par-
footnotes would come here and preach tumult at lag
cheater, and propagate sedition at Birmingham. Such
frivolous and ridiculous reasons for a measure so im-
portant. might almost excite a smile. But in these ex-
cuses they bad always this acknowledged—that it was
a departlife from the spirit of the Coostitution,• for evils
of a temporary nature. They mom now, however, fie a
new situation—the enactments of the Bill were tempo-
rary ; but the principle on which it was now to be enact-
ed, was perpetual. It was to be engrafted on the Con-
'citation, and that which the folly of onr ancestors had
omitted, was left to the wisdom of the moderns to sup-
ply. His first objection to this Bill was, that it
went to place 25,000 members of • free state in a
situation of political slavery.—(Hear. hear, hear.)—
He who .field his home at the will of another man was in
a state of slavery; and in so terming it, be was borne
out by Sir WHIN= Blackstone, who characterized such
state of things* as that which habitually prevailed in
France and 'Turkey. His next objection was, that it
tended to lessen the love of liberty in the people. and
taught the rulers the convenience of summary modes of
proceeding unshackled by the form of law. His third
objection was. that it was an arbitrary power which
might be used to the ruin of many innocent individuals.
The artisan enriching himself and adorning the arts of
the country, the witness in a trial, as well as the prose-
cutor or plaintiff were at his mercy. This was as to the
extent of its power, and law contended that it was • power
tacit likely to be abused. Abuse was in many cases of
unfriended individuals not only probable but inevitable.
This was not all; for the effect of this Bill must be to
deter mane honest and honourable men from melting
retake in this country, who, could they rest the security
of their rights upon laws and not upon the will of poli-
ticalmen, would come here, It was said that it was a
proof it would not have the effect, that almoner num-
ber than usual of aliens bail sought the shores of this
country of late years. But it was most cruel that this
inference should be drawn from the g I calamity of
Europe. It was most illiberal at such a time to place
sentinels on the shores of oar country. He supposed the
Noble Lord onioni that this Bill ought to continue so
{es% theilteee'aeyeaModoli in Europe continued, on
the, tel SW haw of tioversweot. lie
did not take upon himself to say bow long that would
be, bat he must be a bold politician who would say that
the conflict would terminate during the existence of the
youngest man now alive. The last great commotion in
Europe upon principles was the Reformation, and the
wars which grew out of it continued for a century and
a half. The necessity for the present measure. there-
fore, U Hie limn of aft, who formed it were correct,
might continue for fifty or a Intadred, or a hundred and
fifty years. But he contended that under such cir-
cuntstanees an Alien Bill was not necessary. It might
cause mischief but would do no good. He, therefore,
considered the passing of it as a victory over Magna
Charter, which great instrument hail heretofore been
considered to secure not only Lberty to this country,
but the rights of humanity to all mankind. The Alien
Act, which exposed the Alien to be sent out of the
country without any offence proved, without any trial,
was in opposition to the principles acted upon by our
ancestors. This he instanced by referring to a law
passed in the Bth of Henry VI. to repeal an Act, re-
quiring each juror to possess the qualification of a free-
hold of forty shillings, which law was stated to be passed
to give Aliens great courage and desire to come to
this country." He objected to the measure, from the
demand which it would authorise Foreign Powers to
make on the future Governments of this country. The
Noble Lord at the bead of the Government hail stated in
the other house, when the question respecting Naples
was under discussion last year, that two evils were
abroad in the world, against which it was necessary to
guard; the one was a principle of nodistinguishing
revolution, the other that of undistinguishing resistance
to reform. This Government the Noble Lord further
stated, wished to be neutral, and to act an impartial
part between the parties who maintained principles so
opposite. But by this Bill we departed from that neu-
trality, and declared for all Governments and against
the people in all countries, and thus waged against the
latter a war of fire, of sword, of acaffild, and of dun-
geon. Not only dill we deviate from impartiality, but
we disposed ourselves to attack the unhappy, to oppress
the fallen, and conspired to throw back those who fled
from persecution back on their blood thirsty tyrants.—
What were the merits of the Powers forming the Holy
Alliance, might be judged from a document which the
Noble Lord had'sent forth last year. In this. the first
epistle general of the Noble Marquess to the faithful
throughout Europe, it was stated that those principles to
which they bail wanted this country to accede, if ar-
ceeed to, would be a breach of the fundamental laws of
the laud. That was in effect saving, that they were at
variance with the fill of Bights, and acted op.)* would
' go to authorise Foreign Powers to pour their troops
i into this country, under the fake peetei.er that they cause
to compose our differences, while their r..al object wets
to force upon it Siberian or Croatian sy.t tiei. Ile de-
scribed the fate of the victims to be most dreadful. They
were confined in dungeons. where they died so slowly
that they could not call out " Murder." The mercy of
the Scaffold was not extended to these, that their tyrants
might have full leisure to view their sufferings and satis-
fy their cruelty. He would mention no namer, bat such
he knew to have been the fate of a Nobleman. These
facts which be would state were true. A Roman, of dis-
tinguished rank, was seised by Austrian troops in an
Ecclesiastical state, brought before a tribunal in Venice,
secretly tried, secretly condemned to &it'll, and then by
a cruel mockery it was pretended that merry was to be
extended to him. and he was sentenced to twenty years
imprisonment in a dungeon covered with water. He was
allowed to walk but a short period in each day. The
consequence was, his life eau shortened, and Providence,
in mercy, soon snatched him from the hands of his op
pressor,. Ile condemned the present Bill, because it
necessarily introduced a syttetn of espionage. He
referred to the Treaty of November 20, 1415, io
which the neutrality and inviolability of Switzerland
were rssognized In the most formal manner, by the
Members of the Holy Alliance.—(Hear, hear, hear.)

--
