THE STNfESMAisr.,

tiiiikaoin ;a eamaimi:miallora.-Z.GaZa......;;EmoLimi •
he tacredible, if it had been, and existed so forcer- Religion. To come nut of a situation so desperate
furies. and which scandalises all • Europe, we need but to
You, floe Provieces. your safety anti the be resolver' we, if the case is properly considered,
good of the Gorman people lliat inhabit you would are the oppressors of the country, since these armies
heti be infamously tsnerifietd, no would he the first intended only to combat the enemies of what is
lamettta'ble sacrifices of such a Treaty, and the first good, have been turned for this year past against
sure prey of the misusing enemy, who in his lowest ourselves, and against our fortune and iiiierests.—
degradation, in his severest distress, would have 1)o not fear in attempting this enterprise, the armies
gained • the fairest victory. War has not yet raged of other Powers, since conducted by wise Princes,
long .ettnegli upon your pleins, the sr...attunes in endowed with tile most splendid tirtaes, far from
utile* you'are given as a prey to this nation is nut opposing our jest cause, it is rather greatly to be
set full, nor has sufficient blood been yet shed.— hoped, that they will maintain and support it. Test.
Where any one of row ancient monuments lies in we have before nor eyes most striking testimonies
suit's Nis the French who have overthrow', it—where of this troth, which hate made us conceive the most
any of your venerable entique temples have been flattering hopes—they have disapproved from the
consumed, Nis the French who kindled the flames— very beginning the conduct of King Ferdinand, and
where s palace lies desolate, this nation has destroy- with a noble and generous unanimity, they have
edit —obese an old city has been burnt, a fortress di- finished by excluding him from the European Atli-
lispidatiol, all this comes from the French. And mice, basin previously left no means untried to di-
em!l it be reenstied that we had the power and the vert him from error, mid from the precipice : all has
possibility to cast this enemy far from us, and the been in vain ; in this situation no alternative remains
. barks ef our Rhine, to repair ancient losses, and to to as but to take to our arms. Let us remove from
avert from ourselves new and great injury ; and that his side those wicked Counsellors, let us re-establish
we bail neglected it, and plunged our children, their the Cones ; and let them determine the system which
de• centkots, into new wars, which must necessari- is to govern us ; and meantime considering the ita-
ly, he unfortunate for them ? And would Germany Lion as abandoned and destitute, the Provinces, in
tt.t.thi. other bank be in a more secure condition imitation of this most noble kingdom of Gallicia,
lie oh', pos.esses the Rhine retains the artery of it, •, will appoint their internal Juntas to govern them till
life, and its life itself is in its power,; and Sooth the convocation of the Cartes. Henceforth the valiant
Germany, which with Alsace fbr a bulwark would soldier, the man of talent, and of real merit, shall
be qiii•e secure, will be without it, like the Rhenish meet' with a solid recompense ; arts, agriculture,
Provinces, the constant theatre of French wars.— and commerce shall resume their ancient splendour ;
L't It not he said that a two years possession of the the national wealth shall recover the same channels
fortresses would be an advantage. This could only be , which formerly nourished it: the soldiers and others
in. ease Of new wars ; and shall then confusion employed by the public, shall be punctually paid,
sterass prevail, upon earth, aitd people be ever the scale of justice shall return to that equilibrium
oNFseil to console themselves unit the hopes of better of force, *Welt is the foundation of the tranquillity
times ? of the Slate. All, this, soldiers, is offered you as a
It is alsn a poor comfort to say, that if the seen- reward by the change of the present system; to ob-
rity pas thus threatened from •ii trout, more serious . fain it, uttite your forces with mine, and have con&
sosnrinn would bp paid ta establishirg union at deuce in your Chiefs ; doubt not hut shit the other
home. Hope wilt tot at the' l..ng run .offer herself armies will follow yell, and that all will be actuated
In he wade a fool of by bring seta bsck ward R1*(1 by the same impulse. And if even there should be oh-
yar,„,„ and at last rather abandon the whole fool's ; stacks and difficulties to overcome,valour makes every
play in indigestion. Arid it would he very impru- thiug easy."
dent to let it come to this, for it might easily happen
that one bad steed of her again as well as of faith, I
love, and enthusiastn, which ale mostly united with
her, and they would he seventy missed, if they had
fled and vanished on account of the affront that bad
offered them.
No, indeed, Germany has deserved a better fate
for its fidelity and for the great energy it has display-
ed, than to be deprived of its freedom as well as its
trnilg, of its history as well as its constitution, and
vow last of all of its security for the future.
ft has suffered itself to be stripped of the one
after the other, and hoped with the more confidence
for the last, in order with It to gain the other, or at
least a quiet field for its internal improvement ;
if this last expectation were disappointed, what
would then be left worthy to excite an interest in
the people, and to uuite its power in one great im-
pulse ?
The least that could then be done would he to re.
ceive the messenger of such, a bringer of bad news,
and to tuna the nest mmiereiteruf thasitteet battle
into a day of mourning, to let no 'fires glow upon
the hills, that the profound silence -and darkness
might announce the gloomy silent grief of the natio'',
as the flames before aunounced their joy and their
hopes.
But let nobody fancy that such a glaring imposi-
tion shall ever become matter of history and valid iu
the eyes of God, and the old saying become new
again ; all is nothing that does not repose en the ba-
sis of justice anti truth, and all must be done over
again that is not done well. So it has happened once.
Such is the nature of this time which does net let go
its tools, but holds them fast till they have performed
its will, and which has promised to history a new
epoch, and to the German people r new regenera-
tion, and will surely keep this promise.—( Rhenish
Mercuis.)

drawn. The meeting of the Chambers is looked to
with some interest, and it is said the Sovereigns will
not leave France until the spirit in which they ap-
pear disposed to act shall be ascerteintd. Hitherto
they idolised the Duke of Wellington, chiefly from
the good conduct of the British army, but I think,
in some measure, from their dislike to the veteran
Blucher ; at present they talk of both with equal in.
1 temperance; indeed there is scarcely a public man,
either French or foreign, whom they do not hate at
this moment. It is a source of real distress to a
Frenchman to have no person upon whom to exercise
his propensity to mean adulation ; one of his first
wants is the " bend*
.de camper." They use the
most insulting language to the English soldiers in the
streets, probably because they know that their lan-
: guage is not understood. Of the Prussians they are
in much greater dread.

rt. Mast.. Das
A
1 • France
•
liamburgh • 1
1
.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAT AT WM O'CLOCK.
Hann trot. Ann. shut
3 per Cent Red. •bul , India Bonds 78 a
3 per Cent. COW. 5(4 7i f Exchequer Bills 5
.3 d
4 per Cent. shut Oniniuse
5 per Cent Na,) 85* j'Consols for Acc. 57e

TH.e'IfrATESMAN.

- ,LONDON.:.
sAtuaukt, 10, 1810.-

—ww.--
• .
The flame of patriotism has again burst forth in
Spain. The standard of opposition to the remorse-
less tyranny that has been established in that country
has been unfurled, and a general revolution seems
likely to be The'consequessce„ The cruelly oppres-
sive and disgusting proceeding( of the Spanish Go-
vernment have at length provoked an open resist..
ance on the post of one of the injured patriotic
iChiefs, General. end' Marquis Poulin, who 'die-
• . pari,. g,pt. 25. 1 tingeished himself so mach in the patiotic war, and
The most common phrase in the mouths of the who has possessed himself of Commas and arrested
French at this moment, is, " What will be the rotas-' the Captain-General of the Province, the Governor
trophe now, that the tragedy is brought to
the fifth .of the City, and some other persons, without expo--
act." Their language borders upon the extravagance
of despair ; they look tsoon the ;peseta moment as a • rsencing the slightest opposition. The aecount leads
plans were welflaid,
crisis, respecting the issue of which they are in utter es to infer that the General's
darkness, but which must inevitably throw France and that his conduct has met with general approba-
into a state of convulsion. The state of the public lion. The General has been confined in Corunna
feeling may be judged of from the manner in which since August in last year, but had obtained permis-
the National Guard, who were on duty at the Louire
slurs to visit the
•en Friday morning, are spoken of throughout Paris; baths on account of his health. In
ithey are loaded with the moat contemptuous repro- the evening
of the 18th inst. he assembled the troops
bation for not having supported Denon, and refused quartered at St. Lucia, close without the gates, and
admission to the English at the point of the bayonet.
entered the city at one o'clock on the mornieig of the
The result, they say, would have been, that the whole . 10th. Such is the quiet manner in which this iin-
population of Pat is would have risen upon the Allies,
iand " delivered France." They talk of the practice- portant proceeding saes effected, that by thxee o'clock
, biiity of a genesal massacre without the linen reirrnte letseeennt perfect tranquillity prevailed, as if no such
It bipedal's, that a plot 'Wei discovered in the course ..srevolt had taken place. l'Ontree has published s-
of last week, and that. everal persons, whose names i.piaciamati„n to the soldiers of the Army cf the
are not known, have been put into prison ; the ob-
Kingdom of Gallicias in which he sets forth in very
jest of it is said to have hems an attack upon all the .
purpose a large glossing and indignmit terms the cruel and oppress
Prussian posts in Paris ; for this
body of the conspirators were to wear Prfissian uni- site conduct of the Government, invites the patriotic.
forms, and thus ()scream, with the greater facililYe ' Chiefs and Provinces to follow hie example, and
the Prussian troops actually on guard. A rots- ' calls for the re-establishment of the Cortes mid a'
siderable number of Prussian uniforms have been dim.
(.4' nstitotioual lorm of Government as the only
I covered its the house of a person residing in the
means of removing their grievances and redressing
Fauabourg St. Germain, of which no satisfactory
- . .
; accoiret has been given. The stripping of the theist wrongs. The F.roviusellt:lke„ia_ys, will rego't
i Louvre, and the total disorganisation of the French late themselves by .their internal, Juntas until the
Ministry, are the principal causes of the present' cenvocetion-of the'Cortes shall take place, who will:
i fermentation throughout Paris. It has been found
necessary, during the whole of yesterday, to station determine the future system of Government. flu.
- ••
1 one hundred and fifty English soldiers within the ' makes use- of one assertion to encourage the soldieite.
gallery of the Louvre, two by two, and at about and the people to attempt this enterprise, which It is.
ravers or eight yards distance. between each post ; much WU wished should prove true. He bids them
—...-- but still there were the strongest symptoms of a dis-not be istraid•of the interference of foreign armies,
Convent. Seer. 19.—A very unexpected event Position to riot; no violence, however was cm-
for the'Allied Powers have disapproved, from the
has jest taken place here. General Pallier, who had ; milled, they merely formed grouper as some weeks
been confitsell here by the King's orders, in the castle back in the Garden of theThuilleries, and discussed very . beginning, the conduct of King FERO'.
politics with great warmth but with little difference
of St. Antonio, ever duce A tritest, 1814, but whoNASD; and • so far from opposing this jolt cause
obtained permission last month. to visit the bath of .of opinion. The soldiers observed them vigilantly, which he has espoused, " it is rather great:
Astrign ass account of his health, last night as. -.but did not disperse them, e tech, in such cases is _ ' to • _
spoiled she troops quartered its Santa Leeia, close el ssaes done by the French police. Some Austrian Y
indeed• It is
•
, hrealty toeped they
will maintain it."
hoped and desired, that the
without the -gates, and entered this city it one , troops have been on duty there this day ; and to-
o're ek this inorn)ne ; where he arrested the Captain , morrow, it is said, the removal of all the Italian Allies will no longer disgrace themselves by sop-
Geeeral of tie province, the Governor of this city, statues and naintir:ga will be commenced. Canova, porting sack' a bigoted and sanguinary system of
as that established under the ass ces of
liete
the
ey pi
mut tan Of awe other per. tale: by time all was the celebrated Sculptor, has identified the pieces of
tyrats
rc ' to be
(pies_ and ma perfect trantrilli.y prevails as if nothing sculptor! brought floor Italy. Several of the Italian
mona h of Spain ; indeed, there is reason .
had happened. The fullonin; is the General'; pictures have been takendown in the course of this
PlOCtilihation:-.... diy. 'Filough the whole of the French Ministry i the foreigOewers have already a sufficiency of such
d
PROrt.AMATIONT `have ghee in their resignations, Fouche is the only balkanise their hands ; but, alas! we perceive what
is heiet
ADOUItv.ED ST OINSRA L. non. JOIN DIE 2 PIEII.IEIII one who has actually retiree; ; all the others still con-
t r propensity to interfere with plans reform,
To visa sm.:stens OF run a any or TILE KING.. title. their (ancients, and Wye thoe business with
CON 07'0%1.4.10k. .. . the King Since their resignation. It is said that when they threaten the downfal of Throtres, in the
rived,
ecii,nisns,—The happy and• desired day is ar- Talleyrand will certainly go out; Ctarke, who is stipPort of which they conceive they have an in- I
eleed, in which, by our heroic and glorious reignite. ! considered his enemy, is distinguished for his know- Serest, however dis;usting, debasing, and degrading I
Lion, we begin to break the cheese of the most fatal ledge of details of the War Departmeut, and incle. • they'usty be to nations and to mankind. Should this !
slavery thst lses ever been known. It would be fatigable application. The Duke of Richelieu is exareple of bravery and patriotism, however,• be fol-1
lades for rue to exert myself to convince you what popular ; he treated the French prisoners in Russia
Week by.the rest of the Spanish. provinces, the most
hes been the conduct of King Ferdinand since his with great kindness, and he is said to be it man of i
restoration to the Throne of Spain ; that Throne ; liberal principles. The. improbable report, of the' ratonentOus events, involving thesafety of theTbenne
which cost the nation so many lives, .se mech.
Woods King's resignieg the crown is renewed; it is *Uri- of Fiarnamro, and those of the other Rovesoms, as.
ik
and such sacrifices to deliver it front the intilienee of i bitted to ill health, stud the present situation of „ell as ibeatioe of national liberty and indepen-
it. tyrant. Nobody is ienterent that the King, sure : France. I have seen him several times for the last .• i
dance on the
of freedom itsositinent, may be e
France, if that
expected tak
e
'
rounded by unjust and avaricious Counsellors, has 1 week • he does not appear' to enjoy either as much
consented to and executed a proscription soatrociouse i health or tranquillity as before, and he rarely no- Pieeer. "The -
that even the irrali,snal have trembled at it; the most I tiees the cries of vire le noi., with which he is sa- counties •ik doomed to Sisk into slavery under the
illustrious and deserving men have been the first I luted front the crowd at the Palace door, to see him incubus that is. How weighing it down,..wlll find a
victims of it : delivered by this mews from those! go out. The labouring clessA of Paris are extremely costa', to go tos and a side scene of action in•the
who had prderrol the w.neral good to their own ill. disaffected, in consequence of the want of employ. p
terest, they opened the floodgates of despotism,
siettonal dignity,' they
etsinsole,.froninisich, when delivered awakened
and 1 meat, and. the dearness of provisions. Addresses are
the nation was in a moment inundated with the fu- , said to have been presented from the Municipal. Au. to. a' true sense of honoer and
irious torsont. Such, Soldiers, i
-s the mass or evils I thoritiea of several dapartmeuts to the Kiug, in lea+ overreact-with effect on the enemies of the liberties
and tnifoi tunes Om we have suffered ! Misery, con.
' they declare that the means of the inhabitants were ex: dha iG•
an pp ess• of their . wins land.. .- Whatever ma
. tempt, disgrace, hare beets the recompense they have baustesl. I have been t old that the result was a column- •10,6 Despots
the Continental Y
given us; the dissolution of the laws, PIIIIISIIMeIItS,I pication to the Foreign NI inisters, sod a request that tie •
itt e appretai he
ham thensinns Which*
sobable. effects. .of such
contributions, duties (los scnorios, las interims); and 1 armies should be withdrawn ; that the answer given woe
ivy jesorn • •p
finally the depression and diicouragement of agricul-i of such a nature, tint the French 'Ministers declined IL antlettry as Spliin; so closely i.
sonnected by
tore and commerce have been the acknowledgment' any
.further coanuenicatlon ; that this gave offencato swore ' and enteeests es it is • with Frances cx.
Oat has been made for this services of the people. ;the Allies, and Olathe result was the resignation of the hib• k
tt ig sr• oneestati ezissupite• of. pep
Iwill not spealt to sou of other vicious and infamous `former. It requires but littte knowledge of the 'state ._.Hors to •....,. . . .. , aler oppo-
eediugs which have beets committed with WWI.. of Paris, end the diepositiots" of the French, 1.0 be
en aosolate Goverlimitit ; . and , what-
proc . se
silty, and audacity having even gone so far •-• ' - d thet public trtes uillit would not •e • • ever' din is the isle '
as to en- convince p .el y. list in
. ge pr siAts• of legitimacy 'my be
amour to sanctify them as precepts of our Holy putt for 24 hours after the foreignforce was with. exposed to in all country, we earnestly trust that

INSURRECTION IN SPAIN.

PRIVATE coRR,ESPONDENCF:.

Ail

-...a+

,

we 0611 not again be engaged in a Peninsula war.—
We shall certainly lament, if to the existing miselirs
of the Spanish people, is to he added the scourge
civil war ;but there appears as little disposition in thi
minds of the Spanish people as the French ha,
evinced to shed the blood of one another
order that a hatcfol Monarch may reign. We possess
no information as to the number of soldiers an!
1 General Ponuen has with him, or what may be th
security he reckons upon against the attacks of e
Royal Armies who lately entered France, wi
whom he does riot prOfesi to act in concert
but we know that the enterprising Musa ht
beets for some time in France, and that he has
lately returned to Spain ; and that the Spanish
Inetlou in general is ripe for revolt, and determined
to he no longer brutalised by becoming the victims
of a Government that surpasses in cruelty and super.
stitious Ignorance, the barbarity of the uncivilised
ages. A copy of the Proclamation of General Pon-
Lica, denouncing the Government of FeamtraXD,
is given in another column.
It is interesting to consider what mill be the coo.
duct of the Government of this country with regard
to Spain in the present crisis ; but the attention
to French affairs will not allow us to pursue the sibs
ject farther at present.

--ow.—.
We have just received the Paris Papers of W
nesday last.
The Gazelle Officielk confirms some of the appoint..
ntents formerly mentioned, and fills up others ,
minor importance.
It is evident from the articles in the Paris Pal
that an explosion is expected in the capital, and
insurrection is spreading rapidly through the &pa,
'meats. Prussian troops are still approaching Paris.
They appear to have been driven out of Britt,
'and Normandy. At Mintz they were violently
tacked on the 17th, and apparently made sensible
the sovereignty of the people, and this in a
closelybordering on the most loyal districts of Prat
It will be recollected that the Papers of Monda;
(iced the non-arrival of the Nests Courier, as
as those of Brest and Valenciennes. The Ni,.
post has, however, again reached Paris, and brought
!accounts of the violent proceedings which
been taking' place there. A brief notice in
-Papers received to-day, and the Prociamatt
of the Mayor and Commandant of News, es;
to what an Willi the public tranquillity in
quarter has keest'!::menated, and the severe
sures had J4' in ()Ow' in sopprea the
..- i` '
orders. The r4rAitteetlons, after reciting the
fences conefitittiod, interdict all meetings of every,
scription, under any pretence, and order the 1
habitants to deliver op their arms, on pain of deli
Every person discovered with arms concealed
him is to be retarded as anAtssessin. The deli
the Brest, Brussels, and Valenciennes Coui
though not accounted for, was probably occasite
by circumstances similar to those which caused
interruption of the communication with Nants.
• O.ie of the Papers before us alludes thus .
change in the Ministry, and its probable effect
the negociations :—" The change in the Mil
anti the will-known names of the new Ministers,
seem to have trangeillited the public mind. Sue
persons, who pretend to be well informed,
that the guarantee which this new orgenizaticm,
to the Allied Powers, has induced them to accede,
many propositious, which we bad observed
pain, were previous to this event rejected."
This agrees very ill with the statements he the
vate communications, and the actual state of the
lie mind, as indicated by other articles in the
Joernals. The new Ministers are considered
mere egents of the Allied Powers.; and unable I
any guarantee to Prance fir its security sgsh
1 well-known reactionary ditsposition of the
ists. The private actrices state
tidy, that this security was demanded by the
They
Ministers, and refused. positively and
add, that the
Minister; cannot, without rendering BlAnnoll"
more objectionable in the public eyes aCcede
terms which the late Cabinet so indig
rejected ; and that even the Chambers wil
accede to them, which is the reason thole
ing is to be still further postponed,...--..-The
now says, that the terms of the Treaty shill
submitted before being signed to the tyro '
hers, and that he shall call upon them freely
cuss them. It is stated that the Note transmitt
the French Government, containing the bash
Treaty for the settlement of the relations of '
with the Allies, and stating the securities which
be required, was signed by the Ministers of A
England, and Prussia, together with those
minor States connected with them, but not I
Minister of Russia, the Emperor ALcx %NOIR
declared himself unwilling to concur in the
which have been demanded in the way of secs,
the some time that he declares his neutrality-11
army shall retire only beyond the Rhine, and
ke marched back in case the French shall epi
eollisturb the Allies in the interior, arid for tl
'vice he demands and receives the stipulated
from this country.
In themeantime the Allied troops are teak,
test use thei.cen of their time in removing th(
of art. The Papers of Wednesday notice

' •..

•
"Xs:

-I;
