•

„

J

41;

,

A ^A4lo62lllloMitamoi
31 AtDlFtni @am 13.—The King left Saragossa on
e.w 14th.

NAVAL 1;

TRANSLATION.

. • ,:i.S' V..• . •
CORTES, APRIL 15. I DEAL, gas 3 —Cane dims from the River, shir *Rd tai
the westward. Me Martel, Blackburn, for Rialaseiro.•--tdr,
The Secretary of War received a dispatch from
rived tho Badger cutter, with dispatches from the Room . .
the Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo, stating the entrance of
and sailed Alain for same place. r
the Allies ineo Paris, on the 31st of March, as it „ .
PORTSMOUTH, MAT S.—Arrived his illijemyys- shl
wiiinnounced in a notice published by the Prefect cracker, Archer, and Growler, from the Duwasi sad au Ma-
et Toulouse. (Lord Wellington's letter is not dated jesty's 9141, Mlssletoe, from a cruise.—Dropped dove to St..
iu this Paper.) It was resolved that a Te Deuus Yeleu's, to s iii at day-light to-Morrow ourniag, a large fleet

should be celebrated for the successes of the Allied of trusasports, under convey of Ms Majesty's ships Swinger,.
Arms. Dictator, and Dia deer, stand en-flute; they proceed for Boor-

• ' demo:, to eml.ark troops for America.—The East 'Misdeal
MADRID, Arai 1.16.—We learn with the greatest
under convoy of his Majesty's ships Achille and Desiree, are
satisfaction, that the Government has resolved to
espeeted fossil on Thursday min.—Arrived four sail of West
send 4000 chosen troops, under General Lacy, to 'Mimeo, frosts the Downs; mot a large logger, from' the coast
the aid of the distressed inhabitants of Montevideo; of France, With liaglish pribisaers.—Solled Ms Majesty's ship

and will use all possible means to bring back to the Fre3a, Ear St. Maloes.—The Newcastle frig ite. Curd George
aide of justice, the deceived people of Buenos Ayres, Stewart, gives instructions to ships hinted to Qweber, New:. •
and IA thosg provinces. foundlant, N. Na Scotia, and New Brew vsirk.—His Majesty?
1 ship Cracker will give convoy to the West India trade, and
Aran 'ye.' 11.1:-Beviclos the expedition to Montevideo,
other skips, as far as Co: k, and Salk in the morning.—His Ma-
which wiltatelaist of 4600 to 5000 men, two others
jest%'s ship Ari..l, with the trade for Africa, still remain.
are to go Outl'one to Costa-frame, and the other to PLYMOUTH, MAY 2.—Arrived Ms Majesty's ships Zephyr and
'Veracruz, we do not know who will command them. Pandora, with their convoy. boned to Spain, Portugakand the
Mediterruneans his Maje.ty's ship Opossum, for Boordeaus ;
The Freeelt Papery are principally occupied with and itit\ Majesty's ship Weser, to the wessward.—Came is the
accounts of the splendid preparations making the man of war schiAlhet. howof Brest.*
reception of Louts KVI 11. which is expected to take Fatatotrrn, I.—Arriaed the Duke of Kent peaks I
place to-morrow. it will be seen that BERTHIER, from Passages in seven days, in the very thick fog in steaming tie
the old companion in arms of BONAPARTE, is a lead- harbour, she got onshore to the Eastward, but got of witholit
damage.—Arrived the Sandwich packet, from Jausoisajd....tk'
ing character in the new order of things, and that he ; Salli:d the-Sharpshooter, for Guernsey.
and eight more of the most celebrated Marshals were
1 ToRBAY. MAY 2,—His Majesty's ships Hellerapho, 1Co•
invited to dine at Compeigne with his Mitresry. Medea. Perseus, and Wnlverene, witu the
Vane Papers coutain a Icing programme for the en- I and Sydoey store-ships, are now getting under weigh, with the.
Rfeileo Gt OR KING into Paris. The troops are to Newf°"4", Nu" Scotia, Quebec, awl New Neuaiwtek"
be wider Ai coral of the Duke of Bum' ; but also
the
ships here
Wand
to
Spain and P"lnged.
Marshal Atttritrtit ii foleati the van of the Royal ! The !true Apollo, Diana, Lord Eldon, North.
cavalcade. In the midst of these rejokiegs there are sopiaavissui Caripstrildris East indienieni ood-tfter
reports in circulation, which, if true, are calculated Perseverance, Phenix, dna, and Penns whalers,have arrived off Falmouth from India, last from St.
to excite alarm and distrust iu the minds of the French
Helena.
nation. We altude in particular to the following :
" It is said that the King of FRANCE is to ITlAke a 1 ,Sorriarbantitimr. has arrived, and takes up his
request of the Allied Sovereigns to permit a body of ! residence at the Foreign Hotel in Leicester-squates
their troops to remain for a time in France!" We I Lord anti Lady CASTLEREAGH are uspected.t•*
torn tottims from Paris in about a week. '
hope and Oast there is no foundation for this report,
GitAsts Ductitas or 01.orlauito.—Yestords,

stand in the way of this wished-
and
to supply any dciciency of
Bishops by the authority and consent ;
The letters both of your Ampli.
aud the Archbishop of Dublin,
dug ;ore a Council of the most learned
PrelPhell: amd Theologians, and maturely considered
by them in a pecukar Assembly, it was decreed
that eitelAtheiles ought to receive and embrace with I
content jind gratitude the law which was proposed
last yeal for their emancipation, agreeably to the 1
form re teed by us from your Amplitude. There is
ens thing, however, which stands in need of some
declaration, via, the second pert., of the oatoh, by
!WA a Clergyman binds himself to have no cona-
theuica4n with the Supreme Pontiff and his
filinisien, which may directly or indirectly here
tendeicy to subvert in an manner din.

as such a proceeding could not fail to produce the . morning; afoot half past seven o'clock hetll.4eri ai
mot serious consequences. If Lours XVIII. should Itighnl-s, accompanied by the Prlncets VoLo-
thus commence his reign by a guard of foreign troops 'LOWLY, the Princg. GAZARINE, Madame ALA-.
to overawe his new subjects, doubts may be very just. DZIISKIr,, Mr. itftnitag, her Secretary, and GeA.
Iv entertained of the stability of his• Government—
. her Cbanitirlain, left Pulteney Hotel in
three'carrimes and fuer' for Oxford.
It wonld be prebumptuods in any one to attempt to We bad yesterday a Lisbon mail brought by,-the
cut the gordian knot of future contingencies, and we Duke of Kent packet in fourteen days, conveying
elan, for the present, only add the following regiec- letters from thence to the date of the 17th ultimo.—
lions of a cotemporary writer upon the Resole. Among them is one containing the fettowteg stet,
tioe : I omit, to which we outiot Teadily give 'credit
1 " Lissom, Atott.I6.—LordgTRANGVORVIMII.
Welke ilia world of wonders! every thing around t a t
estreordiaal unexpecte ArrolibSal
to, every thing we hest and see is wonderful—WO i oar GoveenmenteN o *Wee, ans. it is, that.
himself the greatest wonder. of all—such things are,' island of Madeira, the island of St; CmthitiaO, tied ,
and thevefore we believe them ;, but was it in the na. i naval station on the main of Brazil, with ato y
ture of 'belief, could it possibly have entered Into . to 1/QPPIY -
theiveart of Mll,ll toCOnCM ve, that the three. iieitt-4° ands . evelgtthiilitidti. said nar s stat!on with timbal
"It . r
__. . papered, tint. La iifeeselieleiviiV

a .., .- sumer', or iy
: Curb the -Government or Church of the Protest-
,
, ante. It is sufficiently evident, that by the Divine
;Jaw, the chief duty of a Minister of the Church is
tatirentteverywhere to the promotion of the Ca-
tho*ftilth, which can alone lead to eternal happi-
-1 nevi,:
.014 arc taught by the precepts of the Gospel,
Thia example of the Apogtles and their succes-
Tberefof if tiny Catholi- shall laim any
Ortitosion - may be
thig he
Pro-
of tile
being
mean-
of the
-Per-
merely be
-ch or

despots of Vitarttpe should units to give a tree Con- disappointment, Lord STIANOIPORD sequin&
stitution to a country once as despotic as their own ports to authorise his departure."

wicked
strictly

-i-
-44

. ..
yet such is the ease, and if the French possess the : It is now said (bat the powers of the Plenipotte. agreeable to our principles. It will therefore
. .
harms from the United States are snificitently eaten- be
virtue to support this Constitution, the peace 'your duty, in all humility and zeal, to sup-
of to justify them in the removal of the seat of ne- •
of Europe may be established for agei ; we con-plicate your illustrious Government, for the sake
gociation at Gottenburgh to the Hague or to Londonuse congratulate our and Messrs.
, of allaylog and satisfying the consciences of the Ca-
gratulate France then, and
that BAYARD and GALLATIN have been ' tholac• Cititity, to consent to some modification or de-
eon country on the happy event, the fraternal urgent with our Ministers, but we believe fruitless. lienratten fle ea. &meta it. tho oath, which by re-
embrace so much dreaded under the revolution, , ly„ to allow such removal. • ' I thosiag all-ambiguity, 'me/ leave room for peaceful
may now be given and received without apprehen- I We ha ve„great satisfactiOn in stating that a tele.; preaching and persuasion. But if the proposed law
graphic communication was night
sion ;we may open our arms and hearts to each received lastiht from shoeld bestarried in the very same words, or if the
Plymouth, announcing the arrival of a vessel from Leitststur,
other, those hearts which ought never to have been ; should be unwilling to admit of any
Passages, with the account that the gallant Sir Jatilt:'Anag
estranged, and those arms which have been so long . H t ut• Dem.,. the Clergy ought to acquiesce, and
HOPE was doing well ; so that he may be .eapected -it 'will. be sufficient, if they publicly avow their
!mid up for mutual destruction : the contest is over, to live to enjoy the honours he has so nobly earned. :! meaning of the oath to be, that the orthodox
which for more than twenty years has deluged I DEPARTURES FOR PARIS.—The mania, or rile U,T
- doctriue regatta inviolate by this oath, and no other-
Euiope aid, blood ; the Laurel and the Olive may ; visiting France. has completely got possession of our: Wise i and taut this protestation may he known to
now entsii:a• thilr friendly braache4, the Lilly and ' beaux and belles of ton. Go where you wilt, the, all, and nusy.be handed down to posterity, it will be
attention of all is engrossed with the idea of seeing preserved in.the account of 'transactions—(acta re-
'
the Hose may flouri,,h tooether, and " .Ca Ira"
the Grand Monarch quietly seated on his throne! luta). it were to be wished also that, if possible,
may he sure with equal enthusiasm on both sides of
The LANSDOWNES instead of giving the expected 1 the declaration should also be nialde by some Mem-
the water.. Cut are there not some who look with an in honour of the peace, at their magnificent rflansiott, hers of the public council, that the British Govern.
oil eye on ibis renovation of France, on the estate- in Berkeley-square, set off post, on Monday atom- meat requires the oath in this acceptation, and no
lion of their fellow men from slavery to freedom? are ing, at five o'clock. The FITZPATRICRS, the GAGE other, from the Catholic Clergy. As to the other
there not many of this description in our own country ? Rooawooos, and Prince ESTERRAE I', went of on matters which you wrote to na were contained in the
Sunday ; Lord and Lady Owns-row, and a party of proposed law, they will be tolerated by the in-
*hose bigotry, prejudice, and illiberality, would, the CAYENDiSIIES, departed on Saturday; Lord and dulgence of the Apostolical Chair.
out of their tea 0 corn racted circle, smother every -Lady Ctice go to-morrow. Glorious times. these 1 That the Kin wishes to be assured of the fidelity
spark of freedom, and monopolize the liberty of for coachmakers and job-masters"; they absolutel of those promoted to the office of Bishop or Dean,
the World ? and are there nut still more narrow find it impossible to vamp up old coaches fast enough , and of their possessing thegualifications necessary to
rninils, servile advocates of the " enormous faith of for the demand on them. Sit GEORGE TALEOT a good dtizen ; that besides, he should institute a
and a numerous party of single young men started ‘ comusittesof lareetigation, to enquire, into their mo-
snillfens made for one, who crouch like spaniels
for Dover on Monday. Even the .Scaroir Virre I rale, and report to the King, as is signified in the
snider the lash, and tare lost all the character and Club are gone; so are the Stewards of the intendediletter of your AmPlitude; and lastly, that on this
dignity of man; such are unworthy the name of jubilee at the Opera-house.—Among the departures ate . ouat the King wishes hereafter to occlude fe-
Britons, .
unworthy the country they dishonour, yesterday for Paris were the foilowing :—His Ex- ' reigners, sad those who for five years before have
and unworthy the privileges they enjoy ; but cellency the Spanish Ambassador and his suite, end I, * not resided the kingdom, from the possession of
several Grandees of Spain; lion. Mr. Fraser and a those dignities; ,as these are all merely civil consi-
the nomber, we trust, is 5m..11. Sincerely, however,
ad• le congratulate the true Friends of Liberty, who )
party • Mr. Robert Milnes and a party, from Boi- I derations, they limit eiltry degree of. toleration. It
'
ton-row ; Lieot.-Col. de Swim, and several other lis even desirable, that our Prelates should be agree-
*litno-se how to enios• their own, and to commuuicate Portuguese Officers ; Earl Gower; lion. Mr. Tem- 'able and acceptableto the King; that they should
.1
04 181488111 g to all around them. This is indeed a pie; Mr. and Mrs. Wellesley Pole, and Miss Wet- : exercise their trdnistry with his full consent • and
'mphpletut wra for the people of Europe, "after 25 lesley Pole ; Mr. J. Raikes (the Banker); Mr. andanally, that their probity should even be manifest to
years of blood and slaughter, a glorious year of Mrs. Aylmer. The Earl of Waldegrave and a part/ those wbo are nOt in the bosom of the Church ; for
•
rising spirit of Freedom which is are gone to Paris, from Holland. a Bishop, _as the Apostle teaches us in I Ti.. Jubilee : the.
A Court of Common Council is to be held at mothy, iii. and vii.), must have a good report
spf.ingl,itg up in France, which is sprouting from the
Guildhall to-morrow, at 12 o'clock. of those which are without. —Under these
rotted atom of despotism, cannot fail to prosper with A shocking accident happenetipast night, between drcumstances, from the authority vested iu us,
' piker care and culture. France may now plant the the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock, in Little we allow that theft designated for Bishops or
tree Tree of Li kerty, but she must guard it well, it Lunt-street, Borough, by the falling-in of two house e Deana, and propostati.bylke Clergy, be accepted of or
is a tender plant, it must be watched over with ants-
where twelve poor inhabitants resided ; ?oar of •swjectedsby the'
wegoiteably to the proposed law.
• whom were taken out dead, the rest IMO conveyed After thereforethe Clergy shall have,ia the usual man-
ious and unremitting solicitude; the storms of soar- to the Hospital, much bruised. • ' nersisieutatthottessioas they- theiljodge most worthy
chy and despotism have subsided for the present, and i
No variation in the price of GeOin. - is the Lord to fill those dignities, the Metropolitan of
the thunder of Lannon has ceased, but we cannot l Bread remains the same as last week. . provinoein irelandltbeleniorAptestalkVicarin Eng-
con,i.ler the atmosphere completely settled, till the Wtoosoa, MAT I.—This day se'unight, previous land and Scotlaud, will enamellist them to the Com-
te‘o'..ition has further advanced; and a glorious re- to the West Kent Militia leaving Windsor, WIE.I.LaIt mittee„ that the !Loyal 'on or dissent may
in to the regiment, be in contiegaence obtel . Should the candidates
volution it is for France and for the world, however RATCLIFFE, a (hummer belong g
eea k minds may shudder at the name ;it has brought pre.a.ched•at the meeting in this town, from JOIIN be rejected, others may be proposed agreeable to the
14 15 The • d tment, King; and should they be approved of, the Metro-
c. Ili. v. , .:---- e unassuming epor
good out of evil, and though great have been its .
pleasing address, and appropriate style, of this good pontos or Mar Apostolic, as above, will transmit
crime,, 'and great its miseries, yet out of it has the and excellent young man, drew the marked alien- an ace eat to this esepred antiregation, which, having
d, v-sinr of Liberty arisen to ameliorate man, and to tion of a very unmerous and respectable cower,. ,duly weighed,the- dm** et .each, will procure the
I • canonical iustitntiou from the Supreme Pontiff. I
t ci (Ital.': the world, tom.

~;~
..

I 0

•14

. .
observettlso, that* power is given to the said Cote-
: I,g,___..)k` •' !. '1 mittee to examine the letters' written by. Nye Ectile-
!c 4,4igillnelt eactut MONSEIGNEUR QuAßiiiioltn, siastical power to any of the Britich Clergy, and
~- iiniati RAYNKENO DR. -rOYNTstil V.A. II diligently to enquire if any thing be contained in 4
, - c Estee JAAD Ritigf.ND f.oltD,—lt is not, theni inimical to the Goveritmotir, or In any way
, t sure we hare'beard that in all probabi- i calculated to disturb the p.ublic tranquillity. As come
fit
la
y the w Which was last year proposed for the, menicatioo in ecclesiastical and spirituel nutters,:
Emancipation of the Catholics of your most flow' with the head of the Church, is not interdicted, bus
rislitug hingdom, from the petal bows affecting them, merely- subjected, for political reasons, to inspec-
and whick wee rejerted by a very small majority, is i tion of a Committee, this ought also to be aceuieeett
again .to be brought forward in the Session of this lin. It is proper that your Government should not pnsfl.e i... i
year. ft is to be hoped that this highly wished-for 1 hly entertain the least suspicion of our commutileatioo,
measure 'Kat length pass into it'll*, and that the i What we write may be buovintoall ; for we do not 1$ .
Catholld, whO have always given the strongest 'any manner interfere with civil matters, but meted,/ one
, -
proofs d. their obedience and fidelity, will at length i quire into those' things which the divitte.end ecclesi..-
be freed teem the grievous yoke under which they ; twice' law, and the good order of the Church send
hate beet, so long oppressed; so that without suffer- to require. Those 'things alone are to be kepr me • .
in in their honour or property they may the more met, by which the inward conseielice can he.u;feeted;
cheerfully apply themselves to those things which bet on this subject I observe sufficient pro, Woo is )
religion nod the good of their country demand made by enactments in said law ; .3;4 we are
from their. This they have every ground to look sufficiently persuaded that your wise Government,
for, fro A beneficent King.and a renowned 'es- ; while it is desirous of providing for the,peblic 'vee.ea:
den,. w , both in former times and in these our I rity, will never wish to exact that the Cat)toliuestoeolig
ownitti 4hat acquired so high 1 fame in all coon- i be deficient towards their religion, hot tinetuirMile-
ith
I'd's, for equity, prudence, and every other virtue. : contrary, it will be pie-sed to see them sedetaldy:' • •
• -- been informed, that some ques- ; observe its precepts; for this holy and attogeteita,
have been started by the Bi- !divine religioe is favourable to public potties- aryl, -
.4.lllaDdilious proposed to the Ca- i the stability of thrones, and renders subjects faittfuet
admitting them to an equality of 1 obedient, and well affected to their country. Notbieg
• kr* the absence of the Su- ; therefore can be more agreeable to •:the Apoetetio ' :.
erie. entrusted with the Care of ; Chair, than that full concord and mutual confidence . i
. ~
..*Te bgen invested with all pen- I should prevail between your Governmetat and its . :
ihiCintepose leive thought it a Catholic subjects; that those who presille_oesar.valseoe-t-• ---1
tit affairs should never entertain the snrillest doubt.
.•
' • ..,
...
of the faith, obedience, and adherence of the Wiese:, : - '
lie's, and that the Catholics themselves may.eerfe ' ,-.
~',...,,.''4
th :mint with Elm utmost candour; alacrltntied- f . .t, !,..
Ise
pI
Wh fore we advise all in the f,,rd, and --
es daily e Bishops, to lay Wile, all couterre
thin, and r the edification of others to set Inn .• •
example unanimity of sentiment, thlet theme , • '
ay be n oom for seithed, 'Mid that no injpry may .
• by. the Catholic -seem ; amid-. igielivierre-
be carried which frees the Catholics free; the penal-
ties
to which they are subjected, titan they should,
not only for the reasons 'already mentioned, receive
it with satisfaction, but also return the warmest
thanks to his Majesty, and his most magniticeset
council, for so great a benefit, and to show them-
selves worthy of it.—Finally, we entreat your Am- .
plitudefo communicate this epistle to all the Bishops
cud Ape olic Vicars olyour kingdom ; and hoping
that y will conform themselves promptly, .and
full o
si
,i
those
things which form the full ;;,,er vested
in v, we have decreed. 1 limy Almighty God to have
your Amplitude tong in his holy keeping, and in the
mean time I profess myself bound. to yhu with alt
respect.—Your. obedient servant,
J. H. QUA kft NT() IT!. Vice•Pnitildens, ~
MICHAEL ADEODATUS GALUAMI, Wel-
Given at Rome, from the Palace of Vrepaguatia
Fide, ltlth February, 1814. , - ,
To the I Iliatriuus and Reverend Lord William P•PrOer •
(Epi.ropue kialiethia), Vicar Aptaitalirse•twatuti, .
at Loudon.

A gtesiehl. mew torktinrsti -
JOS. nopcsop, V. a;

'

~...• ,
.. ': ' '. • 1 -;7"---' '•
~:Itt".. &ii..b A..
BadhVGl.:
- • • ,
The,first general meeting of •liie ousatiart .or tits
ki,%
fist took µlace yesterday a t-voolslbErWarren. .: !no
combatants, on this occasion, for a Oise of 60. go%
fleas, were Richmond, the black,. and Davis, I 'dap-
vigator. A square of 25 feet was formed with 408
rounds of rope, the stakes of which were tastefully
painted with the -letters P. C. At half-past 12 I,he
caterer for:milling sports showed •himself, and the
combatants followed soon after. Soon after att
o'clock the men set-to. Betting .iyis it ifirst 11 te,,ti
and 5 to 4 on Davis, but from general ap.pearaneel
it got to even, and Richmond 'for choice, before inp.
• '•
i ling-to. The weight of Richmond wag about 121 t.
21h., and that of Davis 12st. 8 or 10lb. Bekhei;
and Gilbons seconded Richmond, and Joe Ward Oa
IF'hele, Davis. ,
1 Round 1. Davis made play with the left hand; which Riehr
mond stopped, and returned slightly right and left, seeming
rather not of distance. Davis pressed ouward and planted a
• good blow with.the right baud on Ricitinund's temple, which
' brought him down. ,lieteisig 7t04 on Davis.
2. Both went in and rallied, and some smart fighting took
I-plaee. Davis bled freely during the rally. but Richmond was
; again knocked dawn, aitbo .gh he availed himself of superior
science against more weight and strength.-2 to lon Davis.
S. Richmond pinked his adversary smartly with the left hand
on the head, but Davis went in boxing, asd closed, and threw
i him.
4. A smart rallying round commenced by Richmond is ith a
' left-handed teaztr. Davis returned angrily; and Richmond
; went down with a 'light hit on the mouth. Davis still pled
freely.
lpm 5. this round the Black showed much daring and science.
IHe it eta rally, which he broke away frenn, and in re:
treatii nobbed bl 4 adversary, who hit, or rattier chopped
' loosely. Richmond, in retreating. at length made a stand, and
, 'put in a terrific blow on the mouth, which floored or grassed'
im.—Even betting on Richmond.
; 6. Richmond followed op his successes, availed himself of his
superior science, and again dropped bin man.
! 7. Davis showed weakness and symptoms of losing. He rot-
: !griped Isimadversary is hurried, temper, and Richmond, by a
rattiing blow Oa the jaw. put the head of the former into Chan-
, eery. Davis soused to Mt wide, over-handed, mod out of dim
I Once. t -
8.- Davis rallied, and with some success. He plank:ll4 bit da
his adversary's month. but it ithout punishing effect .. R ich:nond
itatierdet es the retreating system with much eiket, but in closing
I.le-iras thrown. •
, li..Richutoad planted a good hit under his adversary's car, and
retreated. • Davis went dnal.
10. Bois closed, and lirehatend down.
! 11. Richmond made a imd-stop,.wben a close took place, and
*received is revere thro -;
' 1 . D h
avis ad emulatived. from*** wood romul, atd
be followed his adversary, . over, ar rather ehopp.eg all
round the ring. Richmond ied De Hayes eisin in figurative
vipd
step, in retreating, but iteg emeth made a stand, and put itt:a
blow again on the mouth kit) the right hand, which separated
,
. the upper lip of his antagoistrt:from the nose, asd with a hich he
went down beat. Apy suds, • . . .
13. Davis made his lastetfori, but it stomof no avail g he was
again knocked down, antabeconnhat call. 4:ich.r.ond leaned
over the ropes, °earl) &elem, with antistierf iiib than Oil. bear
thq temple in the first toinutaatt a slighebna on toe inouth.—
! The battle lasted Yu minste.. The lewd Was dreadfully bit.
•
A second battle wnsfoomM u$ the meetcou, ageous
description, between SatiA,;i4 Haitunoramith, and
Bares, the conquerorlo( /ial/otit, two of the
gamest little met, ever pitted, fat % —O. They
tisie
fought with reciprocal advantage =f wt.,. :ileneth of
time; but Smith was the heaviest hunt,- tip a Eight-
.
handed punisher, whilst his antagonist Liffroe. wit,.; tivl
left. Smith %ton dearly, and both were unable to
walk alone 'from severe punishment. :lids battle
laste:l 50 :ninnies. .
•
The whole of the sport: gave univ.ersal satisfst.
Lion, and the millers and amatasrs adjouaned .. , ;.-..,,,
17th inst. • •

.4

•
•
Sil'AAEStnti;4/
•
iNrEiLitigNug.- •
•-•

A, as wo have be
lons dnd discussions
shops, "Ittperling the
MAlrs Vsifori. admit
rights; 0, do
praise **tor, have b
sacred. vissfons, and .1
iificat were for th
r'deqt-thr arm
, allot Web may si
fpr .t0t741: ation, aai
OcOker-iii•tie Bishop
0f,411474r Chair.
tikie - e. Tun) a
Bart laid befoi

se*--' Therefore, if any •Catholic deli reclaim
state-
Pr tto the Orthodox Religion, he ma,
it coisiOted guilty of periry, because in so dolt,
trade. atilt' some measure seem to have disturbed the
ai
A...""—feepyß Cliercb. If .such is the understanding 0
isk-uldr itrat4o this oath cannot h;rfully be taken, as I
_OW Teragt to the Catholic But -if the
Fu.ovY Inge" Mo. Legislators was that. the Ministers
04-; '-ellowldr,-bw,-a4avredrea preach,
to tied itiv.iski.end that they should mere
Pi . dit4.lll;ifilte Protestant Chu I.(
Pew Government, by violence and arms, or w
• means, this is what is right, and what is st
' "

s.O •
