THE STAI'MIAN.

Toilet wit► reds of ire., mod disowned by their
beetling, lobe Grath, rug, tag. and bobtail of Will
limiest% the People ers left at lest to their owe re-
seer. es fo•r t►at relief whisk mover ran nee► tbeet
trout any other gese.;:e. Is this dilemma, with cos•
won sonse foe their high priest. a rod may eadly be
pet is pickle, which, when boldly throws dews bos
lore ilie wends of their conjuring task-masters *NI.
like A A RON., of old, swallow up the whole Nee&
of misrepresentative serpents at ems golp, sod preen
beyond doubt. that the voice of the People emaselee
from Goo. Let clubs of tens, dozens, or scene, bi
forthwith established among t►e nos-represented
habitants of the United Kingdom, to preach sod
practice t►ose regaisite ;idealisms among theenseives
and the whole of their concentric circles, I. toes sad
country, respecting tea, seer, gtc ea priaciplea
similar to those adopted by many persons when the
Abolition of Black Slavery was eooteemplated. with
ultimate success, though since superseded by White
oervitode of a still darker die- Under the einem-
Mallen here recommended, the peoey-sabscriptions
would sews be able to sepport more t►au one Radical
Refers Joliette in each of the three capitols, sod
obese. with the self-deoial project in fall operation,
wield give the death-blow, iss sin months, to " de-
spotises, as by law established," end • ithnot benefit
of Clergy to the Bereughmengers, and all their
newel tesie In " Church or Stitt." The greet balk

the nation would speedily imbibe correct so.
lions of political rights and wrongs, whence
thousands end tees of theesands, who dare not
yet declare their opinions, would instiectively
join that class of society I. which they pro-
perly belong, ineledieg the brave defenders of
their motive sell by hod and sea, oho newer would
shoot men, wean, and children for tie ',nisi of-
Nue- of preferring water is wise sad ardent spirits,
es British herbs to Chloe.* green tea. When such
a reselslion Pertly pervades she " lower orders," as
they are scornfully celled by " the insect tribes and
butterflies of a summer's day"-2dl eu to the Sisikieg
Feed, and every evil it hes Isithorin eINIPLId oe the
British Isles and the European Continents where
liberty is, at this moment, making eigentie elronl
to horst the hands of the " Holy AlHenri." aunties,
and to cast the chords of Inqeisiterial power from the
heads of mankind for seer. In further rail of the
tea desires i.% design, small strong bean, euder •p•
purple,' to k and kejs, may be itntneai stet, placed
et the doors of respectable persons in various parts of
this popsies; city, with this inscription, " Red•sop-
Dna Fred for the Bill of Rights and I.,trettie.,"
Moja CARTWRIGHT, Treasurer. These *nerd
ferns repositories for the peace, shillings end pormh.
of every sell-wisher to the caste of his K.n. and ;
country, eostrasted with the ruinous intermit. of
rapacious eligsrchy and their iolanstres lastremerns
Castles, Oliver, R. adds, Richmond, Atkins, and
Co. whose sole object is to cat the throats and parses
of the truly loyal 'sidemen( these realest, all rapidly
verging to a state of helpless vessirtsee and usuperi-m
combined, which nothing short of the self-dente as.
socialises, or physical force, eau avert much longer.
The latter remedy it, for obvious reagens, out of the
hustle.; bet the former, If onto fairly begets by the Las•
rialto witches stitme, w Amid prove more Mae Boatels
for the wless rd Vanoed all the TreasuryJoulers at is
tail, the fundamental features • hereof would then grin
with& horrible smile lIIIISADUOVTII a. 41 Inietist• (rot's,
shy. Is a few months, frees the adoption of the species
ref " passive obedience and esn.resistance" herr pro-
posed le the serious thoughts of every unrepresented
helot N the empire, the pillion-doors of Messrs.
Bainsutax, Jonnevom. aad DituldnoND woeld
epostiamtesly open, and the mortared coodearnation
of Sr CMARLINI WOLIIILT sea Person Rename by
the hireling scribes sad pharisees would lie convert-
ed, es if by stogie, to an hemostatrle acquittal.—
Soar beernieleet object., were nothing mere in con.
t•mplatioo, are et toast cooky of a trial by the
community at large; and if ne such sterling virileo
and ealf.ceetteel is to be !send in the hearts of t he Eng-
lish People, their leaders have every thing re fear and
little to hope in the poodle; coeflict Wooers tyrants
end slave', degraded *sough to prefer wallowing in
malt liquors sad the offal of their oppressors' tables
to undoes! freedom and happiness, now within the
retch of retry soot, ale has fortitude left to 'sca-
les • few levities for the common.weal. Should
this last refuge fail, from general apathy and servile
impotence, thee indeed each generous spirit should
Nee no time in leaving the swinish multitude to shift
for themselves, and is sbakiog the dust of as es.
slaved land from his feet, to seek for peace and
plenty among men worthy of the name, in some
more favoured clime than Diitsin ever ran become,
while groaning ander the lash of • hydra.headed
despotism, much more intolerable and irresistible,
the the absolute mandato of the Grand Turk or the
Chinese Emperor. Englishmen! Britons! and bravo
Irish! your base and entWeta are both before you;
a foe short mouths of domestic privatious so Gee
We, sad voluntary slavery, free gareratiou to p.
aeration, on the other: melte year choice: but re-
member, that the will of thoeonstiteent body is em.
oipolsol to save, while that of its misrepresestatives
to almighty In the work of destruction only. Avoid
public assemblies, and every thing which can give a
handle to your enemies to begin their deeds of blood
and murder: let them shoot their own myrmidon, if
they please--year prudent conduct will be to keep
out of harm's way, till my farthing rash-light shall
kindle a lire that must yet consume the fruitless trees
of the political world, if it should even reach in its
progress the lofty cedars of Lebason —1 ours, &c.
A RADICAL

P. S. It has been objected to my proposals, that
Vex would lay a direct tax on water, bread, milk,
aid cheese, to make op the Mooney on miserable
articles: let bin try that, and if Englishmen submit,
they will indeed become very deservedly his jack•
ams, which should lire on Myles, and relinquish
all claim to the mama and courage of Jobe Bells
ever after. The Property Tag has hems alleged as
aeother of the Magician's ways owl meatus to fres.
trite self-denting Societies—be it so, till the " life
end property men" low their last drop of blood and
"billing in the glotious tease of univeesat. lis•
sr ivis, to which they also will 100111PIr or later be.
enure the insane victims, if not seenseably welshed
pi, their wiser countrymen, from thoroughly gullet
lbeendless timeline by the sap sad miss method Is
rview, for levelling tyranny is the ruins of its owe
Irgetlos. Sic (mug glwio icsawsdil

._ -- -:i=' ter. a-ss=:-.

THE MAGNANIMITY ON* 011111 ARISTOORMTI
OR. THR &MUM= SHAW.
" • *Wel* ae bald, onta VW& Sir•
. O. Liwll.
A Malessee se bald. east bk laid, w briabl
Cowered. as shey coddled la bed 4
TM" wiled sihre wish hermit deaths.
!besmear. at the Itasesinna wee eat Urassiort."
And his Lady's ,on *aux ears Rao r
" Aad Oh r said red SAu., " slate I shortly shall go
To jig as the Carkari-imose bop,
Ynar adder on your 4 /for Menage bedew I
Nall shearer is diameter eafty ar law.
As Macro BEM, or a reap with her amp r
Thaw tie slimed him • bow, 'Mae a smack* cares.,
Wbrw 011alla KV ?SI Urat•lT replied.
" My SALL Judi be stiller is sump. nor 2atea Bad,
Sot /nos it away in a tare faacy dress.
As becomes a rid Preaffead's bride r
Seam pepeol her his., no sbe.sal op in hod,
Whit* MOP (armed wish grate below heir ,
" I'll be et ram a paw uaderstrapper," .he said.
" Lase a Millibrer sempwrees, wish bander haKdbl ;
Fee your da.lsing one. wales do far me!
" There's MN* Gam, Mn. Buy, the •M ,iTaeseirs,
Min rat.
All the haw of nanny tares
Dm *ben shed defier, their bills, be-and-by,
Their rospel's all spownson, their talk all my eye,
L. 'warmed, Wag an dirk chalks r
Red Sarah hies mired .if kr.r.es a pair.
And so lawdos board up in her Aerial.'
Too mess nuke me a dress .4 shoes deb. sad seiblea hire,
Such a drew, a. will pee. Inissetlem rd sterit,7
Me exclaimed so 'hie dru.tge la her garret.
The deers was emaplesed, nod 1.41 at for plan.
" she Lade.," in OM liresamsaser pporli
'Twos bespaiseed 'risk spangle. erroleent wish Wee.
And shrew um* a radiance 00 'AA [Lea red fames
As made her treweadeas so •iew !l
Tie an her 4eare net. chaotic is bright,
Mir bleed, like she lira
The Pinner. in a neat. Marled Mick gelds affright,
The linaagers largely pruspled at her
Aid the Mi ars alt infused away I!!
The pm* drudge. who her Ince,. had worked to the bate.
•
tkas adri.'m io deli. re her boil
arrerdiney did .44. alien vas L. a th a geese,
Mimed eel is her •445•11, stable .0,-,
" Oh, you hoary. us au. we Mu- all !
" 111.. re. •rh o's. few a drew. bat Mg web a calf,
As so pin se pautul. as, awl ...'n°
I ram uurerir facheur NI tour Wears. in laugh,
Bet to end all di•pmses here. I .41/:•• ..• Aelj
Aid Ryder"... wroth barely !"
Away are she ....porous abhor. I.eiox
For in mese ate mania 0.. pre-unse
Half .sared an her palle nf ono., •be Inid,
Where she weeps Mai .14, Oa 11.11 fur ihi, band-hearted jade,
And lararais her unfreir•atie deem t!!
August 9. J. F.

•
• The soireq.siial ooderlithr, • sool..ved 11.• lilerPll.llliM. t
Loa], hid 11 MC MI 111. 19.21 rt ill I•, the w Neelett. the ..i.•••••1. Abe.
weee-ddr% fir • romp...ikon of c•rlewo froo
• •beleshie go.W and iiker Lite Niassofheto.re. • lop thee het
reed t. rather we the respeatabilust of her 'moan .'r. than nn
br. sea Ors .r 571.• the amino* or het toll. the oil p.
wr holy lbtrt• Athlete. trove ..raere4• the pr.e of ..eollosty
baboon • l.p re.. .Witmer. rho hal 41.41 sb.
drew. eols.-41.t.0.,1, this A... how rb tr 0.41
for i. .a. ••veer.,' ••• •rul 1.4 she oigg•rd hearer had
ittlirely the base ofteroer• .0 ere, if. ri.for matte matter its.t
lose MVO supolerate .d.Antitor, ohirh oh. of r •••j...ts•
ed " bibat's bred is the boo, will remain lo 'be 8.41"

The pissoingera ' Cooillynst's ship ricanis
slate, that Bon ,ice Man.; it it in a sia.•
4 great fors srAness, but Oaf h• nn nntiee of
It; that he still coutiosys i• in to.l dotyroviria•
lion not to admit 'WIG'S. and it is • long time since
he ha. been seen by the iohahinitsts.
Cows,, Au° I.— (Three "'clink )—This moment
his Royal High...se the Pnlaca itiocnr, on hoard
his Hort yacht, le anchored in nor roads, and a
more brilliant asseashlsge was
Royal flightiest was received ander saint,. of 41
Ring each from the Castle of Cowes and Cathie,
and crowds of elegant females, and the whole popsy
lotion of the island. are congregetiag for the impose
of paying their respects to his Royal flighnew.—llia
Royal Highness, it is expected, will revisits foe, or
fin days; and on Tenthly is to hollow the Mary
quit of ANOLISIA with his company to &osier, at
his elegant little mansion at Ciiwes. This is nee of
the most delightful days of the season, and mar Wand
n 0,., lied a more captitating appearance.

Mt.. STVlT.—Seston, the miscreant to whose ever.
tares she became the victim, lived neat door to her
husband, and tree treated by him with kindness. Ile
was a married moo, sad at the time of his elopement
eith Mrs Stem had four children, sod his wife was
pregnant of a fifth. Tie elopement look place on
the 21st of Asgest lest' and on the preceding even-
ing Mrs. Stint sod her hatband drank tea with See.
I tee. After tee Seaton engaged lie beamed et a vele
of cards, while his wife returned home, packed op
all the moveables ow which she costa ky hat
clothes, plate, sod mosey, Mid Mlneeed them
to soothe place. After ski Ind igeliffed fhb
object, she returned, sod finish* 'MIN/ its
the most enetiviel mauwer. Tibteeirt morale'
she eloped. About tine weeks after, Settee
Iretereed to his wife le the deed of eight, sad de.
mended what money she had hi her posseatioe. She
deeded thet she had any ; bet he persisted that she
had, and insisted upon Mavis' It. The poor women
thee urged tbo peosimity of her enalittemeet, and
the cells of her other children. lie was, however,
des( to these 'rimmed' ,• he shut the door, and with
dried'sl threats forced her le 'tap herself, and from
her stays ripped 601. with which he went off. Ms
nabsppy wife was soon afterwards seised with the
psies of child-birth, sad was delivered. The agonies
of her mind on this omelets @lauded those of her
body ; she gave way to the foil tide of misery which
had begat upon her, end because raging med. She
died—and was goon followed by her heiples, infest.
Thus did vice triumph ever the hsppiaass of au
lestoceet family ! The death of the mother and infant
was succeeded by the death of seedier child. Whet.
ever property remained was coos dissipated la the
necessary espesditetes of the feettral, and the sew
port of the serviting children, who were sabre.
qeently removed to the workhouse, where they now
remain a burden to the perish. Whatever may be
the senesiions of the guilty father whim IMP keen-
rendlog Isle reaches his rare. it is Impossible to sell-
cipaits ; bat if • shadow of feeling resale la his
lingoes, his misery csnoot he less thaw his crimes; our
ran Mrs. Silent. who was the perteer hi his Ilieht sad
the periiripsior lo his Infamy, be less ieposed to the
'borrows of 111,1111erff. We have ugly to add, front
1 the widows, of ell who know Sleet, that be was •
food sad irtdolgera behead, a signore friend, sod as
I boom sod busses man.
