• Pithawilyp _
aesolatiox rapiclitr.
410 at eoltitV4ri
lefferee.arthir * •

bisigitipaittof 0.44 S _ . Look .t.
soy fdroigper in thiseonotry, poet the asylum
ilk titlea;'nif tifittii" liolthip li chiikckel and ,
eideWedlibtalkiltihil tO brit withent ti;leTsig
!ging ktilfselltinarfrein hie family and :his
hear.) But, above all, I pray,yoo to reflect
thYbietipbifittilimitigtesitittid dfdesi the attilferithitii
t
itinisli Iteml*Ladditig ed,
ofressive treatment, ad broke. pledge!,,,
specific for illits inherits, Its protection, its peace, ind its
punishment. The Irish Bill of Rights is the I natirrectlbia
Act (cheers.) Either Wart crettlealille law is demanded by
Ohs stitelit lielint4 or lit' not: • If' if hi demarided, wiity.
hive these Miutstera,•si faithful Ceoisellors of theirSoir.
reign, refused to empire into the causes which have .pro-
driced such a condition of things ? jhy did they reject
tititleiii of eity How6drabli Pri ; yOul. distingiiiiha,
;Nast, whose meinorable exertion* in &sewing that ieetieel
was not administered • to the King's subjects in Ireland's
leebb if unitittlinpattite by those Other sPlindid services
'which be• has rendered :to his eartntry and .0) the workle
would. have alone entitled him to the distinctions be
enjoy' in his (.1.'40' of lionotri and 'of usefulness
and. to that ;tabling fame which the benefactor of.
society is eventually certain to obtsin from an
1-ohbitssed pc iterity (cheersl) And titbit violation of all
'law andell right, bi not demanded by the:state of Ireland,
then
.I pronounce it tq be the grossest and the meat wicked
mibtiiiittee that drunken tyranny ever invented to aggrer
.rate Ore agoniesteffits viellkitt (cheers:)' • I' egpardon foi
so long troubling you. , I em, however, depot/040 propose
'a toast in some degree connected with the great principles
,wit'weW Met ibis `day to celebrate, and the value of which
.evierledividaal willol, am confident, .appreciatewhen ho
'nentalt.—.).propose to you the health of the Bar of Scotland;:
4 Bar *hose conduct ought to be held forth as a light and
It example t 6 thalitir of other countries:, not only for their
tolente, erotlifion, and eloquence, hilt for that magnanimous
display of firmness and virtue in the maintenance of those
great pribtipits of society under the influence of which the
mcitulnlstrafinti Of 'law can afonetetrinsidered era blessing.
Sauna !Hued friendc.of freedom: are • necessarily absent on
pressing avocations, while others are at this moment visiting
a frireigin'Coiltini. 'II hive thiliotiOur to propose as a toast,
"The I deltipendetwe bf the'Berof Scotland; a body of men
distinguished by. knowledge, firmness of charaEter, and
hive of liberty.
. lbtlit •ItacpAitane. Esq. of •Kirktes, Advocate, returned
thank, for the Bar. He • felt strongly what had been said; i
much of which fell to his share to witness. The Scottish A4.,1
vOssfer had tne old-fashioned Idea that Government must he
ceudueted by military, despotism, corruptioe, or reform, and
they chose to prefer reform. lie well remembered tee period
when Henry Erskine wee supported by only 30 metibers. Now
he was delighted to see the independent Advocates amounted
to thrice that number. lie bore testimony to the great amend-
irentin the liberality of the sentiments of the people of Glas-
gow, compared with whet they formerly were, when be used
to eater the eiq as if he was going Into a desert, where every
friend of liberty was branded as a stirrer np of sedition. lie'
loped to see Glasgow the seethed city In the empire for libeee
flay of sentiment, as she was already so in every other re-
spect. He begged 'to piciPose a toast, " The Min who dares
to be honest in the worst of tithes,"
3ii."Bnotiensts.—l have been kindly permitted to.prepese
a toast which tuts no other relation to this iseeting than that of
Morse and effect. '('he liberty- of the press was tats grand tri:.
etitheent'of 'pelttic lititmetien, the guardian of public liberty,
Cud the best s.curityof the throne. Thegreat chanyvvin. pea/.
tic feeling must be,owieg to the:great hoprovement In themes'
of the press. When I first knew Scotland the press wee in a
very inferior condition ; bit now the newspapers of Edinburgh
dad Glasgow; may, even of some small inconsiderable towns,
are conducted, with a kuowludge, liberality, and literary talent
which will besi Competition with. the morn celebrated Journals
of the capital--emineot as Fosse unquestionably are. The
high reapeetafillity of the persons concerned In these Journals
is the surest guarantee for the proper use of that most powerful
engine of good or evil. • Ent how detestable is the nuisance of
the press when it Is prostituted to the purposes of private
slander, and rancorous and personal abuse, to which no good
cease needs to resort, which every good cause disdains—and
which mikas a bad cause still more filthy and abominable.—
" The -Liberty of the Press."—(Shonts of fervent applause.)
Mr. Law Less.—l have come from Ireland for the express
purpose of participating in the present entertaintnent. I
have the honour: of being a proprietor of a press in that
part of the coutstrv—a free and independent press; and 1
appeal to the world, with an anxiety becoming my bonoarV
if I have not done my utmost in exposing bad government:.
After some compliments to the character and public con-
duct of Mr. Brougham, and a recital of the grievances of
Ireland, he said he did not despair for his country. With
the spread of such opinions as he had heard that day, and
with Brougham's advocacy—even without the miracles of
Prince Holienlolie, Inland would be yet relieved from her
political diseases. (A laugh and cheers.)
Mr. Wata.aci, of Kelly, pronounced an animated cub-
giuni on Mr. Hume, for hislearless and indefatigable ex.
posure of abise in the public expenditure. • His name was
connected with every inquiry for the improvement of the
*petal administration of affairs.
`.. Mr. Hume, and a speedy termination of all wasteful
6penditure of,
the' üblic money."—(This toast was ex.
`teemely well reciv) .
. 'Mr. filaxwet.t., M.P. rose amidst great ipplinse. .lie
;laid be meant to propose the health of the Noble Leitd mho
Iliad taken the Chair, for he thought him pecidierly will
entitled to the approbation of the citizens of tnengow. It
was difficult for him to say all henisked, as ba would
tbEreby trespass on their perilous time, for lie felt becenld
lousily speak an hour with no othei 'subject of discos se
I.iari the excellent qualities of the Noble Lord. He nod
Often had occasion to notice the Intelsat be displayed' in the
prosperity of the County of Lanark, and more espedially in
teak of the'City of Glasgori. His rank and splendid Wants
d placed Mm amobg the first Members in the HoUse of
mons, &ad• be hoped. this great,Meeting would show
at they were fully seseiblia of his 'valuable and extraor-
nary exertions. it was unnecessary to ittempt to de-
te what they all knew, namely, that he bad been on
occasion the constant and steady sepporter of the
se of the meanest mechanic, as well as of the righest add
out dignified individual, • From 'this fact might be ga-
istn
A erect the purity of the 'Noble Lord's principles, as he acted
these cases for men fro& whom he could never expect
usbyeort of retetivd. It inusthe truly gratifying to every
leveret liberty to see eneh a man. as Mr. litoogbam em'ong
, them, and to bear the high opinion he had formed of the
improvement in the pehtical orrintonii of our countrymen;''
and Ihnoped that learded•individitaL would rightly &porta
elate the applause be was receiving, springing 'as' it did
lionrionre and disinterested motives .He begged, 'without
farther prorate, to propose the health of their Noble' Chair,
. • -1 •.atisibald liamilton,-whichnaviug'been drank

oy surprise in
called upon, aadlelt that any-thing • concerning idles was
too anicoportant for the attention of such a Meeting; but
be felt It necessary to thank them for coupling his name
with -so veer respectable a body as the gentry of Perth.
shire.
P er
et there ,was one, enbeect: onbich by bad been
' asked to pr'opose a toast, " The cause of Spain,' a cause
diet seamed heart; add Lis Noble Friend bad truly
told them
_that it was also the cause Of Britain—thunab
important as it was, he lameoted that it appeared to be
somewhat less dean to the people of this conotryithin it
was'some months ago; some excused themselves for their
apathy hy assorting that the Spaniards had done nothing.
Have they indeed done nothing? Have they not hese
attacked insidiously and suddenly, and in an unprepared
state, by. the numerous and well appointed armies of
Evinces—armies which, too base t 3 restore the liberty of
!their own country, are base enough to console themselves
'for the loss of their own liberty, by endeavouring forcibly.
le ledge. the Speniards to the same slavery with 'bees-
*etas. Some Whet .to despair of Spain, reduced as she
is, to defend Cadiz, the last hold of her liberty. If to-
tal:melte should announce the fall of Cadiz, and the ernel
Inquisition, the imheeiliFerdinand, skid the Ultra Regency
of Madrid be restored, I should not despair of Spain—
that cradle of future heroes. The crown, it is said, sever
dies ; shall the cane of liberty and- the people not be
equally immortal? It is one of the misfortunet of our own
country, that persons are afraid to utter their opinions.
front a terror of being in a minority, and despatring.of
exciting poplar awl just feelings among the inejority. Bet
is it not by the enlightened minority that such feelings have
ever been propmAked till their ultimate triumph? Why
dimpair? How long was it before this cation shook off
the Stuart family? Did not the Stuarts twice put down
Waist' liberty? and dill not liberty, after various vicissi..
tam, expel the Stuarts ? Ile wes glad to see the great
improvement in liberal feeling since lie was last in Sat.
laud; and from this he augured a similar improvement is
other countries. Hypocrisy is the htenage paid by viee,te ,
virtue; and the Holy Alliance, and I fear some intrieners
ie our country, hypocritically pretend to act with imp wed,
neutrality betwixt France end Spain—nay, when Paella.'
went last met, a portion of the Ministry affected an int.*•
Lion to protect Spain. Unt although some of say Hon.
Friends were rather too much disposed to give credit ti the
beexpected bursts of patriotic and liberal feeling width
came front the suspicious source of the accustomed defenders
pf the grossest of our domestic abn-es, perhaps they w•fll
willing to hope for something favourable to Spain. It was
fifteen years sure he had addressed. an audience of his
countrymen, and he might claim some indulgence. The I
toast his Lordship proposed was —" Tbe cause of Spain,"
which was drank with plaudits.
• Mr. Oswa Leo (the Croupier) next addressed the Meeting.
It lied been stated to them, he s titl, that the cause of Spain
was the canoe of liberty; and it had been stated with egos,
trieb, that liberty was a general cause. lle had now another
toast to propose, which he thought peculiarly appliceble at
this lament. inasmuch as it breathed that spirit by whieh
they were all influenced, and conveyed at once, io few words
those principles of which every houeit, mln mu ;t be the sues
°toms advocate. I t was this :

" Thezevival of the ancient character of Britain as the
protector of nations against foreign tppression."
This toast was drank Atli three times three, and followed
by load cheers.
The CHAIRMAN then gave the '• the health of the Croa-
pier," who had ever proved himself the true friend of
liberty, and the active and zealous support of the Constitu.'
floe (loud cheers.)
Mr. OSWALD expressed his thanks in short bet energetic
terms fur the honour which had been conferred upon him,
anu the sincere pleasure he felt in witnessing the enthusi.,
asni which had characterised the proceedings of the present
most important meeting.
Admiral.FLeniate proposed the " health of Mr. Max-
well and the Independent Freeholders of the County of
Renfrew?". This toast was drank with every demonstra.
dew of delight.
Mr. Mexweti. returned thanks.
Mr. DENMAN then rose and stated his conviction that the,
cause of all the misery of Ireland was concisely expressed
in the sentiment which he was about to propose. He did
not mean to dwell on cptholic Emancipation—that question
which had divided the .Senate and the people. by which the
people had been often -artfully and basely infuriated for the
most violent awl sordid purposes; but he was fully con
'inert% diet without that great act of justice to the Catbo
lice of Ireland, the Union was a deception anti a curse, and
it was better that it should be repealed than emancipation.
be withheld. In behalf of emancipation, said he, I have
the opinion of the greatest men this nation has prelaced—
of Fox—of Grattan—of. Whitbread, and Itoenily—and I
.shall ae..l, their fellow-lahourer, my friend, Mr. Bronghatn.
r“ The downfal of that monopoly of political prittilegea.
in Ireland, which converts religion into an engine of op,
-pension."
Lord A. HAMILTON next proposed a toast which fie was
suns would be drunk with the most cordial satisfietitma-=.
that of the health of Lord Belhaven, a Nobleman distil',
Othed for the same liberal sentiments that pervaded the
Meeting, and he regretted that he had not proposed It
before. The late Lord, his honourable father, had kft.hiess
a leg icy of fair and unsullied fame, which his son promised
to sorpa.s. llc did not wish to say any. thing'that would
tend in the least to diminish the merits of the dead, mare
particularly of the late Lord Belhaven, who wee his parti-
cular frihnd, and he would, therefore, only say, that
the fame of the sod at least equalled that of the fathef.
The 'health of Lord Belhaven was drunk with great sp.
['please.
I Lord Bet.nevax said he could 'alga' ie. the Meeting be was
fully sensible of the honour they had done him, and he
was sure they would believe 'him when he stated that the
nl/floor in which his health heti been drank, had in a great
argue deprived'hiti of the.power Of eying proper vent to'
*Wings. He rejoiced itneerely to sees* hotels Meet.
ing issr 19414 to do homage to that groat .end ,splatatlid
lents of his fri:tud Mr. Btoughem, and stiltmore to his ip-
',lntittidehtlsrinciplea. At' snclen tatd'hotii fie beatil'bdt
de-
.tiie,themrbet would rein rapist aitteere thralls fie rev
loop Oejlt.W 4.11° Wm- . ! .
sf 'White-hilt, after •- remark,
xtion.

Ida $lll,
1s fAti
ever pit
t)4'e p er
PP?.r!
!lenity *. Arad"been afforded ea; of gip s tug
'piibliclrliisiseptinsenra of gratitattoalieds )prong.ii
for hiegieet and Miltiseht servieei, and frr offerim sitektall
sentimenti tinsrattlibis Mgr& maiiVeiMolinter, blr.Den4omf
than whom anione worthy tHa • aot.. exist. They.
'been all deliighied with the eirntitetWi,' and tiliais. of 0.0
gentfernen, bat' Hirt htl all suilildetV'fitieesid AS, •
and eloquence—they had seen men who2yrltllitlutY ErWirp•
honey' from their IiPIN 'tar:tied' 'their likartsti+;
They haT teen diem pbsiesite.d elf t Heats 'IA
eloquence abandoning the bm‘t intcreets of society. lifit I*/
were not MA:there to celebrate the fileittiiiiirr igasf
any rather the use tfieylaWin'Sde artkatio. . TAW
poidd not be ell eloquent, bat they were gil, able tia.lie honest
land conscientioes.—.(Great applauso • • . • ...•
Frofesser Pettsgs rote to propose the Aeatth•pf. one of
their ritstinialshed guests, for a pert of iils character what,
bad been acarceiy at all alluded to tirjt
.nictit ;_a Malt in .pis
character too, which, in Ids estimation, far over-toyued alltbo
other traoseinileist (ramifies which had beep Wittily —so.trplg.
and so eloquently described—namely, fur his eitarioliting* ct,e;
evtions In promoting the edscatieri. of The *Poor. • The'only,
way to-secure police and prosperiswires•uvlowem fattniktiono
of instructioo broad end deep hi the minds of out
Brooprhars, after hosing witnessed the hiesvingo of education
in that country, had zealously labonred to diTtise it among rho
English, and give a proper dlrrepii•rr to the charity o,f donore;
anti coopled it with paraehit I instruction. He was pt a toss
which roostto admire, ter:greatness and magnitrietti of the de-
sign, or the mirintenes of the details; ff tuiipl3n•h:rti for-
merly been•corried into effect, the projector would undoubtedly
hate been c insidered one of the greatest•beneNeters ertich.
the woad litul vier seed. ,Theie are %her joirlf4ci ye*, try,w)11001
Mr. Bronehem is the championed tho dearest intercsitarof 11 .1•
end theft are the claims by whiek lie tied ,reeillteeitaims-;
self the object of publittfitteem , Re was.erlud.jo evroerst.,
to these feelings, end he have ben to hisnre
this opportunity of traciqg the steps of au.old, schoesierel)tim__Pae
fame and public usefulness.—(Appliew.)“ (la gttee'llbriaf
Brougham and the. Education of the
.e.qt *deb wasainseict
with great applause.
r, said be soda out.
• la • • expressllll4kiss,
hope, that the important object which his friend loot Ails.
irelsognage better that fie !could 'do, would soon
be brought ihout.. The mruufe bee:a h4heito pre-
reatod-from being' carried inie-4Twer- bYthedideieitte-or
opittion that prevailed between-the °berth Virfr -sod
the prejudices of Dissenters. hoped that rack of the
parties would take some of the ittivien whiMs seesleguktrey
given in thoscause of reform—each to yield a•little,..aind. if
they did tint follow the same track, they !night itiniat take.
the same branch .f the road. Ife would detain Bien; no
lotion' than to give thew a trust; which' hail jut licew put
into his hands to propose—" sp. ely • dissolutiuu of the
miscalled holy Alliance."
Mr. Uouutos•The tosot which I hate hien depettid
to propose, is free which is fkr lntrrgtln to. themselves,
and so emin.ntly, hrooarable our eyery wad *Astir
gnialieri Chairman, 'that it .catitait bill &St In tljs grei:est
atteatiou. evert after the eery! doqwer.t
bare delighted this hl;.e.ting; composed es it, chiefly 14 of
Glasgow Burgesses. In the psetrit 'tato of nna-r..i.reaen•
tatiun, or rather mie.ritiiiiiieniation of the See tiiii Bo-
roughs—the interests 'of the inhabit-rats are entirely un-
protected. Hy !aerofoils and uneonquerable ihJustry
of the Nohle Lord and his aisociatea in three separate
eari:amentary Coininitties on Borough Reflirni,
abases of that system are now familiar as lionsehoTrt
,words to every. one, in a country where all can read.'•
Every Mon in tire nation noW knows that Scotia*
originally punted freely elected Bororiglr tonna*, the
Trial by Jury in. Civil Causes, and a Couoty•
lion founded on that basis of land, from which as, Lord
'rliorlow says, 'it has entirely slipped, as well at many.
other free Saxon institutions. .Bat whet); free rivalry
England, Scotland allied herself to France, her Kings
ported from that country French institutions and maxims '
of Government—the Parliament House without a Jury; haft
exchanged the freedom of her boroighs • for self-eleptiona,;
The whole political Constitution of Scotland became taint-
ed
with this. French disease, contracted by too intiiaite
intercorirse with. despotic France;, her, fait fate is bilfettod •
with Witten Borougbe, and the organ's of the public voteo
and political- utterance corrupted antitdeitroyod:;-c.N•tellAk
laughter *oil cheering) . if such a.dtpraved sysleue r.
to be speedily reformed, it' were far better thetflos
borough's should he at once disfranchised, *Thin'thatlh'f?'
should continue to. vitiate the Legislature Itytetestfija,Ol
Meutaers who, with one dittwo trateptions, that can easily
be explaiiied, bite always eritematlc?lly rbiptodtted every
propohitiou of the Minister of the day. The burgesses be
Scotland have their eyes fixed on . faithful irAds:ailaje.
champion, and lean he will 'persovere in expoling to iho
Representatives of England the'Sebtfielt
by which they are daily outvoted and neatnalimebi !Anise,'
say more, added he; need I have laid any thing.,Plifuthe
you to bail with enthusiasm the WiltSthal Cord :'t.'ilainiltort
may live-to recover the long lost rights of 'tire WAarlisli'''
Burgesses,—(Vohement appleaee) • • , r ri;i;
Lord A..liautaxoN at that late hour of the niiht cpula •
not enter upon this important subject; but fltorgti'he'lla '
failed in obtaining redress fur this body of citrons, •yek •ba 4
should never regret hie labours fur the praise 411,140 am
from that 3leeting,
llarsounou said the worthymike.' hid 411iiiiIct
him to take enother.opportunity of addressitisi theat'eactit
it would be the last, time. „tie ut.eAvti Jo4.s4l4,l,e'lthhileiSilt
the health of one.who wis'itways at bill'pout an.ril Witt
struggliog in the cannel Alliberty—he !Mein t' 1311.11.14061441,
Burdett.-e-(Applausit.) Oa same ii.kiqCtS3ktlifiii.44l.44r
and' be had differeile-ainicientiobsly dle'red—uut it .tress
al waye face to face—fairly end heinotrablioat4t
born meo, and cottbrepteptly caused a ,better.nadesyymitgo,„,
and an increaseof • respect on his part, and.he hoged,na,„,••`7
he believed,' it was tgutnale•-and a niers eintitill'intbektif
between thhop.,• There was-nut &Joan .tojek found itleaserupr.,
aloreetithuslaitic in the cause cif ,• and he ibratip ,
'epaple *IEI Min:Mei Hobboatiialrhdsk 111)Atipit •
scholar,.. sod,. cohesively : :tsadh!
pliantly combated in the same !liable cause by, the side of la_
worthy cottAgif. t.l.kficelsilikftstVitirthtin4PiifinUii4C"
'the worthy Electors of Westminster, who have dono`pilhollt
selves `treat fltfifi,gnif.r.COV4rPilksertiadi
canvass.' He t Lay jltir Nit r b-
louse, aoilitliC•lndelieW•hi'FirdeOreo et't.
_ _ •

' •

.t 1
Ail

~,

.. . ..
~ ...
•
TEIS::STATESNIAN
unimmemmegiww. . . 4i li. -, —Ai. .-L-2vlA,ie • -,77,
purt. lopsoll ;StioebautOPOiligo).'•••4lWirsot4d'bri. Keisbai- wield' iteY Z... e F., ,„ ilk „la!, # A.,Pra4._+,97,,,ita;11:
og rapidityß.severe in his labosealogaltosiagelse.losos•respostiogiotiol tt i.pa , itptrl4o, Oti. et !its... ri Pr 0 lis'rr•
ifootiday'(ll . intlatad..
• • , , erit Wass dient.thon he felt in Ltile pipptenttott .o.Ahp
kartithrlictur "?SY, fieiliti ar uiet.Kiii4iitr,i;,i'ftif atio.6tiiiii6iiit of 4, cl Mara& ebblimanded their iPproltstiott, Ilitihkehßt
l.allksogh their onhobirorasoo prof'. by she eisidriaajt. nolsod 1 bog to prievere. • nod, opcootraq hy., the, itiortuto, la,
tad jurpoke ab- known Lord K., who had lived for
tzutrizers. abroOdi. yll their iiiPitiba'tiOn; lie'foiria. het, idotil this rase, 041
. . .
sand aild-ellibleiti be had no doubt retained those Übe pr nctples in Po tois bii.ditty. . . • . •
tint skagrisktif othiotli be hod asseetellin thy/bore oltkinnimiti old in the 'lcr..s4tai;;ofeileietigikiiitisig4 9 toodsotoe color ftpt •
lam of, *Joe , Ihnse of Lords. le on. thing htw.boil,proved this, hoesose oii Mr: °ibid.!' fir kiting deteititkaati exposed. 1 system
,pf
and look.his re• . biliodhltit honhfir to'be expelled from the iiiii of Irrance, ifitiateaistrpublie stinttet. :-..:,' '. :..".• L, . . ...,.
Asir Detlitii, • dil Isaitim pretest' ester •of•thati stoohtryt—as - swot wOrthy of Oft:tflibierk begited.' I. tlie ' duntie 'Of his'Trieodiaotl,..ol
s pnreseut (beam , Fraier bat, eittainly . Prongs was oot .wortby of hiot.-1 kiiniiic: fp aifiletnietrifor"tiii hour nidat Lim? (!tii
aea the state of (Artescespltloute.) Title get. was no more than, justice, done okfiTii: -Hpy • that igeit't•aittact 'ff.ulf seers
+tiled' pottiOn of • for be ought not to Hitt, is a country undet sit* a rit thOWnibitilinis: finch tri issebild ',, seal tin the Kier
„petal Anitotith *.governmtint., - - . • elii;toriroflt*•6t, 1144 *dela tibreecatiple of their itiagliqiir
!ea, to lb wite4 - Lord Kr scan Was taboo' by surprise in belog thus etiee.-;,:ligiislimtiii also "ret4rtieif.ilitlkOl.a.r 'tit: Opppt!
its peace, aatl.!i2l .called upon, aodlelt that -any-thing • concerning ,Itim was tnnity Iri4hlelisil-heeit iffoided..„ii!s4.,ql
.01Xprelsias 1414

*strum armed Moisture with monstrous, gnu
nide, Lord Archibald liamiltoo,-whish•ba. trimelsehir &leek . . Air. ((sagas!, of,lVliitibilfihafter sonie masterly remarks 'house, aotitistlfeileirlAtehlErafenrorMeTuilifsVl"
hianserris hotheis,-that.theirrhPy iastained the passing of
mereive end • imconviertlwital -taws and had subdtquently efill Veal aPPllinse,* • • , '1,..' ''•.• • • "thiqneritiebt MEL'llirkkitiltiti"' The labOlitioh 'of ; the . Mr. 31'h4 aster aw.:l3l.evoiriii Wasalinhter,wi)urued his
acknowledged that they {lad been ifeetsived hi .01", and In. Lord A. HAMILTON, in returning thanks,' said that ho .31„,ne Tranie./I, ;tt a.i! !.,,, li ',aft. ~ •.i. . ai,. t,l. .1 ,:i ,' Warusest thitAii ftr„ intr.Salacing_ths pansy isighlyiemtit
lonians, the .anfigons of it-oriakeoptenti„ yet Iwo never felt a prouder moment than when he received the ! T,14 chiaritsc.tar_ jgeht, the
,healtit,,ol ,igia. frifad, repteSitifalfie." 'll was 4 iiivn_pi.gof Of the seri
these disconfainthi se eretweci'bytheir own ageots; had dis CD dinettallie of the iihiehtiffeda •_6 , • .„' .._,,', Mr: Mcnn4lt. Me II for altering the mode 'Of sp. penetatintsWftlilellebir&th. Me fafl leit.w. li -,
appeared I the .01%1)004m...10ra ,isite. and,. ace send Stied : "1.-. F. K 1"... 14 hut, b1..r,,,,,r1,1 ,h, •
_. ~,ealta .(11.,.11. f 1./IMUZ. WlNttig . idi "161 mit kit in b *it' 'led °is ibatifes klitlbtair ForzeingsAssi•thurt,,dhisav let Idetliaiesei#*
uptisj
(eheeeo......The poor felt e'll,theelo.eneeidieeekine•fullyv iiiihi ctr6.4etea with %hilt" 41411.1171.1116 tern= which' Ilta`i '4
tier pioAkig the Heeiney ceemiesiv it int, amino. eel if sir s. Row' i !pat 46,0 ia_ra imiollier .
awl had noltrodlillk.fiet- Wait" -isv, Mitaatty; '' They knew solilAt ' Ilf 4e,k5,,i0511.111, is. the latal'ea,astirazibaii,fd,tra.,o4 !dui House of
.Inords, owing to y single exprpsi?st frou., ,semdelierivliodie.ohteh ir,, May vkry anxio to
ci
well, that every aUevitilos afftlytottlie•preessre bad been ,we'r,.: In_rt,•,.,a ftifit° twal fatatiagal4eggatma c',„°•* IOW! Ala1"111". that.bri'parneular prnitleal. evil eristell in truhlilheiL fiheirderilibhiniifo,tialrellithlPlNlln
eatimettfreartheiwaftertrhEttigte after, time, heeit.i; slesin b $ tivolmbili, toe eid kb hettli6ll 'stile HC the presast ',ate's. Jilt was surprised, Wier the Lore AdJ titio Itice.tewspesig it, streottosailaree '
pikstw Ale cypdembesavtookiff,4o fir .4.ooip,„)„lfc -I, !goat litchis 'Mid ludeptAidi tsielitiatair; ':ml AUttqAt ieFqe, 4 1414,4fficg pr gut
,i;ro„.n. eppen,Ahe skutiAns use, a, la. kai „n Arno dos solke4s, r
oval, the pupitoof thets dietisgsiobed gooew Mr. * ItVallii, ttad 'tha..l'adlet'ilatOV4taabbildira "a‘ 1i1w.a.t.7-, .treat lightly ;ow the roved forsooth, that it would' be °obi, liallreav* eliiki'llit trs,l 'be a. .. .
ftyjents but !hex. werp.Attt Isiseittraraaie Inkagifik ' ire'" . - • • .1 .—i, .. . , ~.,i. ItotiliW46M* to the country gentlemen:—(A ladgh.)'' Ire.: hawhey kt idtennsir 16141 tiiisjellis •. ' .
lair.).'t akb off tYniiteittieliiiii Oh iaili •tiayaseitas ' NOub'llt rOmillek 11, P.ln'isl?"s°l4 illiqlsMqlPr $4 $1,1141,1r$ ,ttusheakAliat the eisantry geathmen wool& sot thiak-tif ad • en.iy.i,., ii.hropeosig ~• • • 111.04100041saimi
• eZl:44suormrsomiamitoubliowee, • . flyolpiga VO,fiihikb Ile 0"s sitirViveaett•*alol.oclaaloo:. troafile. to stlepd op ;hFsepecasiortkond 14. *egad lap ad, on
.w in he 'lamed aw, f• •.., . ' • .t., ; •
taxeri,s soifkr#l4,4irtgr) i.byt.mkf , ant thiAiiik ff.', .041#2g1, Olit_lAt
_li!kitnecabil. tint IV*. ealiitaamooa temiedi 4ottia pereevete du be got •Itia Bill passed.— :Moo tlgit. -...,,d, ..!.; . ~i,, .4..11
Oa; teet (Spopiew we ilioNalpi. trod.,}aceeaseei the ts sett eudr.is I.bp tia,aonarti,to.prosioLt. Ike intscastopt 440,00.1 ~_ ~ ..., , ..; !ri bt e, la
~.
. .•
... ~ .. •
.•
. .
. . .
. ,
. ~ _ . ..... ---...... _ .....—___ .....4._—__ . ......_. .
. ,
---- -....- . •
. - --- - • • • - • - , .
-
.._ _ .... _ • ._. . _
..
