I 1 hl Class.
Irnpri-
. Oran(' Inquilitori Isllia's. !Melee. !toned.
Epucha. . and : mond I Roma tithcon-
Svacreigni. alive. ,in Ellig) iscalion
ort:ir
pe rty
14141 to I . orqiienvida
1405.. 1307 Irclihiiln.p DiT,
4141 T
131.17..1417 ,Cardinal Ximinea . . 3.304 I.? 31 18.030
I.ll7:'.lS'ill'ar..ldrian.alt.P, ye 1,3/11 4110 t 1.%44
I.Yiti.. 1.W3 Interregnum
1:.1Y3.. la3S Cardinal Manrique 1 Chill I 1,125 I 1.V40
1438. . 134.5 Cardinal 'l' .. 840 420 3.400
IMO.. - Cardinal Loaiaa.... 124) OU (NMI
—..13314 la rle4 V.
160..1307 Philip II 3.100 1.!4)6 144,4.111
1.107. .1011 Philip 111. ...
102 I. . 11111-rPhiliy IV. .....
lOW. .170111Clia ries II 1.7414 I tan 4915
1700..1710 Philip V
1710-17345:enlinand VI.
1739.. 17lairlin ries 111 4 .. 66
Vila. .101104:haries IV. 1
.. 1 IS
Total i 31.382 171410 291.450

LORI) COCHRANE.
--r---
0111011 THE NEW TORII (I.tRIITTE, mums!) Tins
sloßNiNu.)

In yesterday's Gazette w•e gave an aecnunt of Lord
Cochrane's second unsuccessful attack on the Spanish
fleet We have been favoured with a translation of the
noble Lord's letter to Don Zentenn, Minister of Marine
of the Chilions, dated on board the Admiral's ship
O'Higgins, bay of I .allao, Wt. 6. It follows:
" SIR—On the night of the 3J instant, the enemy un-
furled the sails of their vessels of war, without doubt,
with the intention of deceiving 114, at they returned to
Ireful them again as soon as it grew dark on the night of
the 4th. Hitt our boats being on the eastern side, or
shore, alartned the enemy. and they desisted ftom their
purpose, was probably to etwaiw. Every thing
indicated their desire of escaping, if the rockets had
placed their security in danger, or if thry had set fire
to the merchant vessels, n kWh were united or made fast
to windward of their line of defence, formed by the Ve-
Kansa, EStnercltht, Seba%tiana, Resultitiou, Cleopatra,
Trogillano, Preuela, and Alsip°. The Desolation and
Cleopatra, as also the (looks, threw rontintally hog

LONDON:

FRIDAY EVENING, MARCH 31, 1820.

New York Papers arrived this morning to the
I I th March.

(FRO)t Tilt MERCANTILE ADVERTISER OP TOE 10T11.)
THE STATE or 311ESOI:R1.—TIse President has signed
the Bill which has mimed boils Houses of. Congress, au-
thorising the people of a port of the Missouri territory
to form a Constitution and a State Government, and ad•
mining the same into the Union on au equal footing
pith the original States.

(Illtu)t THE NEW YORE Parra OT THE flen mmtcn.)
Altssot•itt QUESTIoN DEIIIDED.—On Thursday lag
”.„
with ,
the Missouri Bill, the Slavery Restrictions, as it
passed in the House of Representatives, was taken its
the Senate. The Restriction was shut out, and a see-1
lion inserted its stead, prohibiting slavery in the terri-
tory of the I:nitell States north of 36 degrees, embracing
what is termed the Compromise. Thns amended, the
Rill was returned to the House, and at a late hour of
the evening the amendment was adopted
By a majority of four, on examining the ayes and nem
it appears, that • I of the friends of the Restrictions
either left their posts or duty and retired to a warm sup.
per and an early bed, or, alarmed at the idle threats of
their opponents, fled from the House and yielded the vie.
tory. A letter from a Member, in the Baltimore Paper,
contains the key to the conduct of those Members who
deserted their posts. Never, says the letter, was there
a question more warmly contested in Congress; it was
said by a :Member, that the combined influence and
power of King's and Priests could not effect a separation
of the Ut o i eee it hail been tried, but in vain.

Captain Allen, who left Hatannuli un the 20th
states, that a liovernment vessel arrived there the day
before lie sailed, and a report was rorrent that the
Island of Cuba was celled to Oreat Britain by the
Spanish llinister in London, and that the tiovernor bad
assumed the postnre of defence, and expressed a deter-
mination not to give it up.

(EXTRACT rno)I Tug NORFOLK HERALD OF TUE 3o

or swum.)

Assuming it as a fact which cannot be questioned,
that tireat Britain will not, under any circumstances,
permit a free intercourse with her colonies, it mat• he
demanded, what ought to be done ? The e ours, which
appears most adviseable is, to permit the ships of Ureat
Britain to import and export into and from the United .
States, but with heavy duty and tonnage ; by this we
should vend the products of the forests and ;tricot-
lure, and derive revenue. There is not'aii Auserican
merchant of experience who will nut say that the suer- .
cstoile community will derive more benefit from the
commission+ of the cargoes, from and on the return
cargoes to the West Indies, than from being allowed
to trade to these colonies. Perhaps there is no trade
in which more money has been lost by the merchants
of America than that to the British Islands; but if this
be so ruinous a trade, can it be expected that the Bri-
tish merchants will engage in it? The merchants sup-
ply the planters and managers of estates upon long
credit and long prices. In most instances, the ships
whirls come for our produce would he doing nothing
(having to wait for crops) if they did not „me here;
and au additional expense, except assurance, would be
incurred; hence the subject of freight becomes of no!
importance. Butt when our vessels arrive in the islands
they nowt sell for prompt payment, in cash or produce,
anti too frequently meet the consequences of forced
sales. In one case eat of six the American vessels
trading to the British Islands do not make a freight.
nut, from official documents, it appears the amount of

Imports and Exports to and from the British tolosies,
in the year ending 1505, stood as follows:

1.41
Exports to the ',tunas
North American Colonies

Dollars 7,45401

Imports from the Islands
North Ansorii RII L'ulonies :40,01*
'Balance in favour of the United States . 2,370.000
Dollars 7.1:"0.nue

This balance of 1,370,000 dollars was paid in cask.„,
bill. of exchange.

Exclusive of sugar and coffer, and other ankles ix,
ported from the British Islands, the follnaine is the
average importation of two articles only, rum mil sal.,
for three years :

In 180?.
1303
1904

ISUSHELS OF SALT.
. ;5..4,421
. 503,66 s

4.;.11.1.0%,t Of RCN.
4.11.1137
3,1;2.316
4.369.!f4

2,363,591

11;109,667

iVhst the duties on these articles and utlirr4, not
tiourd, with tonnage, would amount to, let the ptewst
rates of duties tell.

We have again to congratulrtv the roun:ry on a
great and important triumph gained by pubic
Blank over Court politics and Conn influence. The
Middlesex Election terminated yesterday by the
resignation of the Ministerial Candidate, and Mr.
Been and Mr. WHITBREAD were declared duly
elected. The poll had been kept open twelve
days, so that a fair and full opportunity had been
given to this populous county to express its opinioe
at this momentous juncture. That opinion is oo
longer doubtful. The man. whos:• votes had
sanctioned a profligate public expenditare., and a
still more profligate attack on the liberty of the
press, and those of the people, has met with
the meed due to his deserts. From the rest
opening of the election, lie had not a dance
of success. Though lits opponent seta but a
youth. only known to the country through vse
name and patriotism of his lamented father, he
was at once invested with the confidence of the
Freeholders, and maintained, from the tint to the
last, such an overpowering tieljority. as avoid
have induced any other man than Mr. MELLISH to
have declined the contest at a meth earlier period.
This triumph is the more important. and we would
almost say wonderful, if we recollect the unavailing,
though desperate struggle which Middlesex has
made during the last '25 years to recover its inde-
pendence. Even the great abilities, immense kr-
tune, and commanding charrcter of Sir FRANC!,
BCRDETT, could not bring the contest to a DK-
cessful termination ::aid when after repented efforts
this distinguished Patriot retired in seeming despair,
alt hopes of rescuing the county from its solitude
were annihilated, and its chains appeared riretted
for ever. What t!servfore, can have produced so
sudden and so mighty a change in the political sen-
timent,: of the Middlesex freeholders ! %at cse
have dispelled their blindness and turned them from
darkness into light ? What ! but the conduct of the
Ministers thenterelrec Placed in the seat and loon
of that corrupt influence, of which the country
hears reports and views the reflection, they saw it
in the very act of its operation, in the very naked-
ness of its intents. They follol,yed a long course of
mistaken and mischievous policy through its most
remote ramifications, till a full conviction cameupon
them that the melt whose n.oasun:s they had solor.
sapported had forfeited all claims to their con-
fidence. This was nut a crude and hasty opinion
It was one fooefied on a long and 1 aticnt trial el
men and measures, and sanctioned by the give
and best teacher of mankind—experience. nu
opinion slumbered for a time in barren Wadies,
because such was the recollection of the past sub-
serviency of the county to Ministerial purposes,
that no man suspected the revolution of pater
feeling which had taken place. But no wooer bad
an independent Candidate presented himself thsa
it rose at the first call, like a lion from its rest, sod
rent asunder the bars and chains by which it wO
confined. The example is an important one. Hal
it been given a little elrlier it would have egwol
much emulation, and prodtmed many socceoil
imitations. As it is, however, although of leo wo*
mediate influence, it will prove eminently useful,
not ot.ly by sending two independent County Mein-
bers.(where, from time immemorial, only ens had
ever been returned), to purify the national repre-
sentation, but by giving a salutary lesson to
nisters themselves, and throwing to the coot?! $
gage, which she will neither be slow in taking IP.
nor unambitious to redeem,

WINDSOR, MARCH 30.—Princess Acres** Iv'
rived at her mansion house, left her by the late Owes.
at Progniore, near this town, on Satuniav, feels Lesikig'
On Monday the Duke and Duchess of Clarence IP
sired at Fr option., on a visit to the Princess Antgall•
Yesterday the Princess Augusta, accompanied by tit
Duke and Duchess of Clarence, took an airing la
IVindsor (heat Park, to Virginia Waters, by Civalien
land Lodge, 6ce., and returned to Frogniore 'HOW%
This morning the Duke and Ns less of Clan Ita. "
„.
Frogmore, between eleven and we're o'closh, tar iv'
residence at Bushy Park. on their way to Lessem
On Sunday next his Roval Ilighnets the Daktif
York will heave town for Newmarket.
