the neathifr. still he meat inform them, that at Ith
close the strolls was running strangle their (sleet;
had t‘ereforshedid not hesitalata repeat what belied
'befog, told thesis, that it would soon carry sway le
its tortoni all the obstacles which had been created to
Impede it, Bed would thus severe to them that triumph
which be and all of thorn had as mach at beset.—
Ile had also greet satisfaction in informiag thew,
that the polling if their adversary was ouch more
languid than it was at the commescsmest of the Blot.
Lion, whilst their own, on the contrary, was mere
strong sod vigorous than ever. When, thereferdsibn
recollected that their eppegoet had nothing se which
sorely eacept compulsion; when they recollected that
he had lashed up to the Hustings every slags over
'whom be god his friends had any comineed or bleu-
once ; when they recollected that he had polled all
'the constables sad all the Pallsesall voters (among
whom, he bad bees told, though he did not aver the
fact, that there were not so many honest moo as
would have saved Seders and Gessorreh from des
olfaction) they must see that they bad every rational
prospect of success and victory. Notwithstanding such
prospect, ho most beg of every Elector to recollect
his oath before he gave his vote, and of every person
of title or distinction, who was eserrising the power
which his situation •r his foresee granted him, is
extorting a vote from his unfortunate orighboor, to
consider that in so doing, be was a sedative of per.
jury and guilty of a crime of the very darkest hue—
(apploose.)—inasmuch as such compulsion made
every men who voted contrary to his opinion, offend
against the dictates of that most oserriag monitor—
his ewe conscience. Besides, he weseld ask, was
there say act of slavery so cruel, was there any set
of grassy so offensive, as that which not merely
would not allow a man I. avoid what be deemed
wrong, hut which should positively compel him to
the commiesion of an act which, in his own soul,'
he abhorred, and which, its the eye of the law,
was considered a most feel sod detestable crime?
With erred to the tricks and deletions of Mel
Coalitioe Candidate, aided as they were by what
he bad himself called the mere solid satisfactiee
if • breakfast, be had wily to tell him, that the
ladependent Blotters of IVestmlisster felt more
heartfelt satisfaction in following the humors Ohm.,
does without fee or hope of reward, than they *sold
is 00p:tykes; all the Iglesias which he could offer to
their acceptance. There might, indeed, he mese
solid satisfaction in a place at Court, than In de-
feeding the rights of the People either on those (lest.
leg, or in the Haute of Commons: but is was not that
fart of solid satisfaction to the soul which the Electors
of Westminster ware aceestomed to enjoy. Those
who were enamoured with it, might make good
slaves—they might eves make geed false patriot,—
they might even pfrfer this solid satisfaction to mere
empty praise ; bat they were est of that class of men
who were in unison with the Elector., nor if that
Wass of Patriots who would give up every comfort
to promote the cease of their reentry. He had no
doubt, that as the spirit of Westminster sest now
awake, that every Elector would come up to the Poll
is his owe dee time; het he begged of each and all of
them who were yet unpolled, to come op early to
give their votes, If they could by any wen' make
it convenient to de se, is order that they eight en.
sere glory and ounces to the Gadsden of their
choice. By such conduct they would increase that
feeling of delight chick was always diresed over a
man's mind, by the consul s of having perform-
ed his duty; &wooer though he who are op slowly
to the Poll was a geed labogrer is their tease, he
was not an good as he who nee op with speed sad
alacrity. He therefore could riot help 'aborting
them to hasten to the Poll ; if they did so, he would
assure them that nothing should be wanting on his
part to render the great cans* In which they wee.
embarked triumphant and soccesehl. On the success
of that cause, the sercess of (because of Reform de-
pended • sodas that was a come which, in the eyes
el all la:osest men, was of paramount importasce,
he hoped that operant of theirs would be waetleg
to forward it. He then concluded his speech by sop
leg that he took his leave of them to perform those
dodos which foil is him personally, and that he
hoped is the laterite they world be busily employed
le oatmeal% their friends mad oeiehhoers, and is
persuading those Electors who wore yet oapolled,
Immediately to come (seemed and give their votes in
fattier of Mr. llobhoese, the Candidate of the People.

. .
The &roost theft wired, sold the load koalas of
IM sorroooding rooltitado, sod shortly afterFerds
vatted IM Hastings, la company with Mr. Ha-
beas*.

Mr. TUZLWALL addressed the soarers; sod egged
the Klemsonao come forward, is sepport of West-
misater's freedom, by geeing their early totes for Mr.
Uebboom.

At lige o'clock the crowd, which wet Imaienee.
deported in the greatest order. Neither Mr. Heat
nor Gale Jones were on the Heelless dodo; the dei.
