rTfIE. STATESMAN

4.. ._

H.), rtjoiced that It was now- brought forward.—
it was welt. that the hoase anti this country should see
the means by which the inisncipation of Roman Catho-
lics was to be impeded, and of what description its oppo-
nents were. They would seed's% when every argument
bottomed in reason was taken away, the adversaries of
the measure would continue to keep five millions and a
half in slavery, upon pretences visionary and unfounded.
—(Hear). It was of moment to lay (wen the whole sys-
tem, its trickery, meanness, and had feeling, and to ex-
pose it to the people of this country, who were still in
great ignorance of the real condition of the question.—.
(Hear, hear). He repeated that there was still in this
house,. and in the country, the greatest ignorance with
regard to the real state of Ireland. ' He regretted that
Gentleman' so respectable as the Hon. Baronet and the
Hon. Member for Armagh, could be brought to lend
themselves unwittingly to measures of this sort. The
house had been too-long blinded, gulled, and deceived
upon this subject. For these reasons he rejoiced that
this petition hod been presented, as it tended to show the
temper of the opponents of the Catholics. But at the
same denied the truth of its allegations, for if such an
establishment as the Jesuits exis!ed in Ireland, it was for
the instruction of youth, and could not produce any had
effects. l'r. Murray, the coadjutor Bishop of Dublin,
haring b-en alluded to. he (Mr. H) could only say that
he knew him to be a Prelate of the most exemplary piety
and excellent eh tracter. The Hon. Member concluded
by expressing a hope that the qnestion of Catholic Eman-
cipation would be more taken up by Englishmen, for
Ireland was so torn by factions. and its people so enve-
nomed against each Are, that they were quite incapable
of forming a temperate judgment upon a matter which
appealed so immediately to their feelings—(Hear).
Mr. WILMOT did not rise to oppose this petition,
but to protest against the discussion which had taken
place upon it. Of all the irrelevant discussions which
he had ever heard, they appeared to him the moat irrele-
vant. For what was the state of the case? A petition
was presented from a Mr. Parker, who complained of cer-
tain misfortunes which he bad met with at the Cape of
Good Hope. These lie ascribed to the hostility of the
Colonial Secretary, Colonel Bird, who, it happened, was
a Jesuit. So far all was fair; but how the petitioner, or
the lion. Baronet, or any one else, could draw from these
premises a conclusion that the Jesuits were the causes Jf
all the disorders in Ireland, was to him (Mr. Wilmot) a
strange problem. It ti as certainly very unjesuistical rea-
soning, for the allegation and the conclusion seemed to
have no connution at all wi It each other.—((dear.) If
the claim upon Government had been stated by itself, an
answer might be given to it; hut the petitioner could
not expect to forward his cause much by mixing it up
with irrelevant matter. The Hon. Baronet was not
n arer to getting the documents, though be toiled from
night till morning in arguing that the Jesuists were the
cause of the disorders in Ireland This petition was an-
other proof of the petitioner's prolixity, for he had al-
ready teazed the Colonial Department by long letters in
the same strain. The Colonial Department were not
called upon to reply to such appeals. As to the Hon.
Baronet, his reasoning as to the Jesuists in Ireland was
the greatest " non sequitur" lie (Mr. W.) had known
since the dayi of Partridge.—(A laugh.) If he had con-
fiaed himself to the case of Colonel Bird, he would have
got an answer ; but when he stated that the rest in wheat
was raised by the Jesuists, the Government could say
nothing. One fact, however, was clear, that when the
Hon. Baronet found so much time to apply himself to
Colonel Bird and the Jesuists, his. ideas of agricultural
distress were not of so melancholy a case as he would
have people to supposv.—(Laughing.)
Mr. HOIDIOUSE ridiculed the idea of ascribing the
disorders of Ireland to the Jesuists.
Mr. HUM E regretted, for his sake, that the peti-
tioner had mixed up hie case with the ether considera-
tion'. Ile had reason to know that Mr. Parker had
really a claim upon Government. The idea of imputing
the troubles in Ireland to Jesuits was ridiculous enough.
If such persons as aesnists existed, he challeneed any hoe.
member to say where they did exist. He had been in-
formed that there was not the name of a decent man at-
tached to the petition against the Jesuit., which Ives pre-
sented by the hon. member for Armagh.
Mr. IIIiOWNLOW said it was supposed an establish-
ment of J. suits exis'ed somewhere in the county of Kil-
dare. Ile insintained that the subscribers to the petition
were persons engaged in the linen trade.
. Mr. MAURICE FITZGERALD and Sir HENRY
PARNELL spoke against the absurdity of attributing
to the Jesui a tire present disturbances in Ireland.
The petition was then laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed.

• . ORANGE SOCIETIES IN IRELAND.
Mr. ABERCROMBY rose, and said that before he en-
tered upon the subject, of which he had given notice, be
felt it necessary to advert to what passed on a former
night, with respect to this motion. An Hon. Gentleman
had apprized the house, in the usual manner, of his in-
tention to submit to their consideration the recent pro
ceedings of the Government of Ireland against persons
charged with insulting the Lord Lieutenant. The Hoh.
Gentleman he understood meant only to arraign those
proceedings, as an unconstitutional and indiscreet exer-'
rise of power. Now, it would be obvious to all, that the
question thus iu'ended to be submitted to the house was
one of temporary and limited interest. The question
which he ventured to submit to the house, was one of a
different character. It involved many. and deep considera-
tions—extensive in its objects -and aiming at the dissolus
tion of a system which was founded upon an exclusive
principle. The two questions were therfore very dis-
tinct, and it was with surprise he heard the Right Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Plunkett) call on him to postpone the
consideration of the subject. He, upon a hasty view of
the case, declined to comply with the Right lion. Gen-
tleman's solicitatiottet, and now upon a deliberate view of
that decision, he declared his satisfaction at the part he
acted. He wished therefore to be understood as avoid-
ing all discussion on the conduct of the Marquis Welles-
ley's Goveramettt. When the question arrived which
would give the opportunity fur discussing that subject,
he would not be backward in the free declaration of his
sentiments. Neither did he intend that the present dis-
cussion slionld at all engage the consideration of what
MO commonly collet! the Catholic Question. He promi-
sed to offer no propositions to the house that night, in
which the mist determin tel opposer of further conces-
sion to the Catholic body might not as consistently con-
cur as their warmest advocate. He would rest his motion
on general grounds, which would claim equal support
from both descriptions of persons. lie was informed
that the notice ut this motion caused great agitation.—
Ile mould admit that it hod created an extraordinary sen-
sation amongst those who wished to encoutage Oran to
Societi• lint the house should also remember, on the
other hto 1, that guest alarm and jealousy of this body
existed iu the min Ic of an i ittuense p trtion of his Ma-,
jesry s subjects. Coll.! he then select a subject which
it more bscame the dusty of Parliament to consider and
thoroughly investigate, than that with respect to which
the people of the empire were divided, and on
which each party f. It so intensely ? If it could be
shown that the Orsnge system contributed to the wel-
fare of the State, anti that its maintenance. were essenti-
al to the peace and good order of the community, then
would he say, " let truth prevail, and let the Government
openly and avowedly protect and encourage it." But if it
nas found that this system ten led to perpetuate discord t
' to irritate the feelings of a sensitive people, then would
. he say again, "let truth prevail, and let this system he
absolutely put down." lie was anxious that the matter
. should be thoroughly and temperately discussed. He did
, put wish to conceal his opiniin from the house, that much

henefit would be derived from the socceas of his motion
by the'Catholici; but he most also remind the house that
great advantsee woeltl he defierd by the Protestants
--(Hear.) But above the feelings of either one party cr
the other, i e reaper teal the ascendancy of the Ceti ditn-
tion and the known laws of the realm.—(Bear.) It wes
because be was confident that the morcessity of giving the
whole people the undividel benefits of the known law
and Constitution was universally recognised, that lie was
encourneed to submit the precut motion to the house.
In what he was about to state, hr would not impute m,-
lives to any individoals, or asperse any collective tiody,or
even those eng aeed in these Soctedes. It was the system
he attacked. The system he held to be vicious; It was
productive of great evils—it was unconstitutional and
he believed he was sanctioned by very high authority in'
saying that it can in many respects illegal. He thought
it a great misfortune for Ireland, that such a system
should ever have been established. It was a great mis-
fortune even for those Protestants who were induced to
engage in it, for they most see that, from its very na-
ture, it was a system that aimed at the overthrow of
Constitutional Government, by setting up a power to
controul the Administration of that Government, and
held out a series of alarming events, as the result of its
continuance, that called equally upon Protestant as upon
Catholic—upon Englishmen. as upon Irishmen, to op-
pose it. Having stated thus much generally upon
the subject of his motion, be would come more
particularly to the consideration of the details.
lie proposed to enter into an examination of the origin,
nature, and character of the Orange system. In order to
qualify himself to do iles he found it necessary to open
the history of Ireland front the period of the recall of
Lord Pitzwilliain to the Onion witb Great Britain —eta in-
terval in the I triunes of that unhappy country which no
man possessing feelings of his nature could real without
the deep tst sorrow fur the sufferings of the fortunate pee-
'
ple. ?so where did he see that the perpetrators of the
most barbarous atrocitiee were brought to punishment. I f
any person woad consi ler the circumstances of the r, call
of 'Lord Fitzwillimi (lie begged now to say, that he did
not enter into the question whether that wan a politic act or
not,) if any person would bit consider the events of that
time he must see,in the combine 1 operation of the appoint-
' went and recall of that Nohlentan, exhibited in the deep
colours of truth, the force rf this tnaxim, that the worst
system which a tiovernineut could pursue was one of ve-
W 110 was there who would deny this, that cen-
sidered howl/Well the hopes done p 'try and the fears of
another were excited by appointment ? the one morally
lexpecting the return of a more gracious Adminietratiore
the other apprehending the loss of power. How great
was the disappointment and mortifieation of the people at
the recall of that bird Lieutenant. In a country divided
and agitated as Ireland Mae, the people were kept balanc-
ing bete een the alteration of hope end fear. The party
whose fears had been excited by the appointment of Lord
Fitzwilliantobtaine I the victory, and lie feared that it was
too true of them, as it was of all Governments placed in
similar circumstances, their triumph was recorded in the
increased severity of their rule. He would not cuter in-
, to the history of the rebellion that afterwards succeeded:
But it was iteceseary to allude to the scenes which at
the commencement of that scene of blood tuuk glaze in
I the county of A rueigh. The county of Aritiaeh was di-
vided into two classes—the Defenders, who were Uetho
'lies, and the Peepef-day bays, who were Protestant.
The latter formed a great maturity, and maintained a
severe ascendancy. They carried on a war against the
Defenders, which was characterised by acts of lawless
outrage. They were at once prosecutors, jurors,
judges, and executioners. They carried on a fierce per-
secution against the opposite party. They expelled,
from time to time, unprotected persons who were ob-
noxious to them, to an amount whick, though stated,
for the credit of the most moderate writers, he woul I be
afreie to repeat, lest it should bear the appearance of
exaggeration. Judgment followed trial, and execution
followed judgment e jib the utmost rapidity. To show
to the house that he was not exceeding the bounds of
truth, he woold quote authority for the statement lie had
made. At a general meeting which „as held in De-
cemlier,l79s, bard Gosford made a statement, in which
lie described the outrages which %ere ittflicted on the
Roman Catholic population of that county. One of the
Resolutions stated, that the county was in a state of
alarming disturbance, and that the Ronaan Catholics
were attacked in their persons and properties in a most
wanton and cruel manner. Such was the description of
those picieredings given by those best ateptainted with
the circumstances of the country. By reterting to the
history of Ireland, it would be found that in the autumn
of that year, an action was fought at a village called
Dimond, and front that time it appeared that those bodice
assumed the title of Orangemen. lie thought that they
hail no right to take that name; these were the origin of
the body, and what act of theirs was it that justified the
assumption of such a name?. He deeply regretted that
persons avowing such principles should have chosen to
pass under such a denomination, because when the home
considered the influence of names, it was reasonable te in-
fer that a title deserving to be connected with higher
sentiments and better principles should not be associatee
with hostility, divisions, and discord. lie held in his
band the resolutions of an Orange Association, drawn up
in 1800, and also those put forward by an Association in
Dublin, on the part of the general body, in 1820. The
general nature and object of the Institution were stated
in detail in the declaration put forth by this body. 'flue
members of the Association were divided into so many
districts and lodges. There was the Grand Master, the
Deputy Grand Maori., &c. They held different sorts of
M clings, the principal and controlling one being that of
the Grand Lodge at Dublin. The Declaration of the
Grand Committee in Dublin, put forth in 1820, stated
that they were assembled to review the state of the
Orange Institution, and purify it from certain abuses.
Whet these abuses were, the house would see from one
of their resolutions. it set forth that the Committee had
observed much evil to arise from the indiscretion of
certain of their brethren, and from the existence of a
great variety of modes of admissioe, some of them
inconsistent with the other, and in many instances call-
ing on the candidate to acknowledge sentiments elect'
were repugnant to the religious feelings of their country-
men and to decency. The Committee, therefore, pro-
ceeded to frame a form of admission " proper" as they
said, " to be taken by a man about to dedicate himself, by
a voluntary obligation, to the discharge of the duties of a
loyal Protestant," So that the house would see that the
abuses which the Committee felt it necessary to correct,
were those which had been introduced by time indiscre-
tion of some of their brethren, and those which were em-
bodied in the ceremoities of admission. 'limy stated
that they felt it necessity so to frame their declaration
as to render it efficacious In checking the overzeal of
indiscreet persons. They subjoined an exposition of
their principles an 1 their resolutions to celebrate the
vie ory of the Boyne every year in J.ly. He then ad-
verted to the proceedings of• the Orange Committee of
ISO 9 ; they set out with declaring that it was contrary to
their principles to prosecute or upbraid any man for
his religions faith, and instead of oppressing, they held
it to he their duty to beds% arid support all 'Geed subjt ens
whenever they were railed upon so to do by the necessi-
ties and circumstances of their ease. Now, he begge
to say, that he fully concurred in sentiment with the
&mews of this passage. It was a sentence in which
every lute ought to jivin.—(Retie.) But the most mate-
rial part of the proceedings ass time oath subjoined to
the Form of Admission. It went on—" I, A. 8., do
swear, that 1 will hear true allegiance to his Majesty
King George IV., and his lawful successors ; that I sill
maintain the successin in the same being Protestant."

The words " Protestant ascendancy" were those welch
had been snhetituted. It was argued that the imppitese.
the two expressions was the saute ; bet he begged to
state that in the fentilier acceptation of the words " Pre-
testant ascendency," meant a very different thing. Before
the. veer 1762 a piety been ilistinenietied by the
title " the Friends to the English interest." After the
events ofletie this title carried adifferent Inc ming, and it
tv SS changed to the expression " the film's of the
ant arwetelance." He [legged to state that he had not the
least teeeeticei to the words " b-ing Protestant," in the
form of oath. Tl.ere was apeenliar elm•mio those words—
they reveled the everds of the great Revolution—thee
raised op recolleetions of elorimis and successful stru--
glee for freedom. Never shoull they with his consent
be expunged from the statute hook.—(hear.) The o ith
proeeeded. The candidate means he sees never a Bomar,
Catholic, nor a United Irishman, and that la • nil! be ready
to assist the authorities, Hut the most imeorat:te;
part was what followed : and Ido most tot emnie swear,
in the presenceof Auetteeev lion, that I will notilisclus;
either in part or in the a !tele, what I am now goutsmeet-eels, to heart that I will conceal it front all except a
brother Orangeman, whom I seat! know to be such bythitires
usual marks; that I neither ivill e rite it nor indite it, tir
cause it to be wiitten or spoken, eve. So help me Gem,
and so keep mac steeliest to this my Orangeman'soeliz..-
Gone." The house must be wrack with teat important
p ss tee in this form of oath, by which it appeared that
pethe:ernenwiasnitsierittetedt,hiuntt,oh be privately
teas
privatbeolyuncr solemnly never
vlat'!dto i
disclose; was there not ground of strong suslecion in this
circumstance? Was it too uncharit Able to suppose that
in a society selfesonetituted its this was—that where there
was this provision f r concealment, theme must he stone.-
thing in the procestleiga which it tees tweese try sewed
he kept in the dark ?—(llear.) It was impassible for him
to sly what was the nature of this ttedeseets el ea: tof
proceedings. All he should 84y at this mommt, wee
teference to it was, that the House of Co:onions cold
not glance with an eye of indifferenee a. melt an
that they should be wholly free from jealousy of such
societies. lie could not understarel why it Was LetnStart-
to frame such an obligation, tulles: three was some.
thing in their principles wed to be revieeed the
Moose would ohsei ve tol, that this mysteritois eueject wt.t
sacredlyas protected from the lino tici,eof the King':
Government, as from any intlivitltial in the ri shin —from sit
except the Orangemen. -(Hear.) I lthere were respect .his
and weleintentline individuals connected pith Groot se -
cietiee, lie could only lament that they sheltie be pl wee,
through their own kink, in st cm!) are:sing a slate at'
relation unit the Government. Ile luegge,l to mall 1„.
attention of the Hon Tto several artim suejoined to tl e
declaration of the Grand Committee in leetl. Ity
of them it aepeeredl that the Ilea:beet of tees were
bound not to carry /ma) any thine in the cometrot thee:
duties from any person, but arias and a iinsueitior,
except from an ecemny ? eetio gas this emelt y? If a
private enemy then was every ..etrigeinee's it•si retion set
up its ;§intier between those who we. e enemies
It a public etettny where was he to be foetid? Ilere
opportunities for the working of hod pae;ions were thee
opened, which must, as they hal in tee twiny inst meets.
been. distinguiseed by the errs *llse next lute
insured to the leads of the assotietion euelt Morin:tient
about the members respectively, as were necessary to
ru-ible therm within a given terve to eolleet thee; te.
tether on acv etuergeney. Every member was to return
toe necessary account of himself, an I in case he did not
cemply with the regulations, he was to he lined by tee
Mister of the Lodge. The beet veenettem reel the Ito the
seeresy to he observed b •i•V•CiI tee Peeplemen (which
is e superior designation in the Sovi,ty) en i the Granter-
men. tteitit!wions followed, by which the principal melt-
hers of the Asancietiens were put in peeeession of suet
circumstances relating to the other ni-niltsrs respectively,
as lee to the most minute controul over their vosdnet.—
The niiNt regulations embraced the tie--eetary ineasitres
for introducing the system into regiments. f heie tore
then teethrr tegulatioee for the meeting of the lirendee
Lodge twice a year. Here tl ri was the natare of tee
Soriety to which he tweeted to call the attention of the.
hi mac. The house would find, that very soon after it
establishment they became an important an I formidable
body. They began to adopt a language and a tone as it
they were administering the Goverament of the kingdom._
In )797, nearly too years alter their establishment,
proclamation was issued, signed by Edward Bell, J. C.
Beresford, and two more, on behalf of themselves and
their Orange brethren, addressed to the people of It etaad.
In this decl tretion they disavowed in the most unequivo-
cal manner tee imputation of ntolerance, persecution end
of hatred for relig.ous differences. The declaration was
lionoutaele to them—he tooted It t ) their honour—het
he quoted it alto to furnish proof of the fact that the
Orangetneu found themselves so oppressed by the op-
position of public feeling to their principles, that they.
Meisel it necessary to do all in their power to dissoci-
ate the principles of persecution from Orengeiene Who•
could wonder at their anxiety- to proutulgete a more me-
deratedefiuitiin of their principles and °ejects. seeing
that the name of Orangeisns was with good reason 4eeor f-
ated in the minds of the people with the most sang 'Mary
atrocifes ? But as if at once to leave all doubt wet of -
the qnestion, as to the. impoicy of such societies, tee
Proclamation embraced an oath, in which those who
subscribed it, obliged themselves to maintain the
King and Constitution against all his eneitiiea—aliee
him, who was a rebel to his King or a rebel to his
Goo. Ahd who constituted the Orengeaten into a tri-
Minal to decide between any matt and his Cnee-roa ?
(11ear.)Siipposte the caseof an Atheist—cont.,' he he a rebel
to a Power which he did not believe to exit. Was
it possible that proceedings like this coul Ibe bel I
consistent with the peace or safety of any country?—
Having stated thus much on the vonstitmion of these so-
cieties, he hoped the house w°.ll now at lalge Itine,while
lie stated the consequencesavhich in Gel tnd were the nt-
ceseary result of societies so constituted. Ireland was
divided into two parties,the Protestant pry au-I tee Ca-
tholic party. The Protestant party were in possession a
exclusive power, ani of a Church establishment munifi-
cently supported!, while the Catholic party lied nu powee,
no Church establishment. The Catholic pi ieets erre en-
tirely dependent for support on the lama y of thcee of
their own Communion, A large portion of the landed
property was in possession of Protestantso great number
of whom were absentees. In that country there was want-
ing that most important link of society, a wealthy, in fa-
pendent, and opulent middling cla-s. This was really a
melancholy picture of the situation of !reknit, hut it was
a true and faithful one. It was a fact, that the Protestants,
who were the smallest portion of the people, were pos-
sessed of a large Church Esteblislinteett and considerable
power, while tiw larger portion, hieing of a different reli-
gion, had neither one or the other. He would now observe
that when a Government professing to direct and controul
the affairs of Ireland, attempted to itttrodstce the princi-
ples of liberty and a fair and impartial admininistriaeon of
the laws, and give a facility to the disseiniuetion of he ow•
ledge, the attempt would produce such a state of things
as would require great wiedotn, temper, and moderation
on the part of the Government. To remove the rails
which that state of things might Cr. ate, there should be
amongst the higher orders also an example of forliearld!re.
iaoilciation, and wisdom. But 0.-erge Seltietice been;(
al:tdtiloannnigewedhr dangerous a
they
e character,eprincipleieted.oainde:refelieunsopeivotwlrltFeZutroielpidieeitfilific:u';:iritbli-:
of admis-ion to any society on an upright moral cheractste
en a loyalty which Was engrafted on an ardent and
sincere attachtMent to the Constitution, ontr,lii be not be
admitted a member. of'it, if •it were established for any
useful purpose But in the Orange Societies, though a

-Yr

-person feint-lei his claim upon all these qualifications he
was rejected if he were not a Protestant. This was in
itself, he conceived, a 'formidable objection to such in-
stitutions. To allow the object for which these societies
was established, it was only necessary to look to the cere-
loonies they enjoyed as a proof of the spirit in which
they were estaulisheil. It was enjoined by the laws that,
there sbonid he an annual procession to celebrate the
victory obtained by William the Third over James the
Second. If the battle- of the Boyne sa as to he celebrated
in a country ceitliisiaely Protestoie there could be no ob-
jection tq isceletwation ; but it shoe!! be recollected
that it took place in a country where it could not be ce-
iterated without recalling to recollection the triumph of
the minority, anti engendering those feelinee of mortifi-
cation which every Catholic must experience on being
reminded of lois defeat. Stich a procession was then
most irritating, an.' was only cslcelated to perpetuate
trocord and disse If the Catholic, who witnessed
this ceremony, which reminded him of his defeat at the
Boyne. after retiring to his home, endeavoired to sootlt
the feelings of mom heation to which this ceremony must
give rise, by recollecting the traditions handed down to
him of the heroic conduct of his ancestors, and the pros-
perity they enjoyed—was is to be wondered, if re-
tiring to his ho lie with such feelings, and endeavouring
to calm them by such means, be oecesionally burst
forth into a violent expression of his humiliation?—
When such u rause existed,—was be to be blamed?—
and vet it was reel charged to the Catholic as a crime,
that be cheriseeil those recoll-ctions by which . they
hoped to alley the bitterness of their feelings. When
this impetetioe was made upon the Catholics, thoilo who
made it ought to recollect that they themselves a&4ted
the very to-aces of perpetuatine those recogeetions, by an
annual celeor igen which brorielit to mind the victory
of one party and the defeat of tire other. But his re-
tiring to his cabin with these feelings was the least evil
resultine from those ce,e troniis. They generally ter-
r.inate.l in bleoth The- ea its :hey raised were such, and
se numerotto that no one woo had not live I in Ireland
could form a proper idea of them. If you were to ask a
Protestant what distinguished him from a Catholic, he
would sae his loyalty. Then be woula s iv, if that con-
stituted the distinction, his condvet should be such as to
support the truth of his assertion, and he sLoglrl take
care neither in private or public to d r any thing which
would not strenethen enil confirm the character he hail
asinine What did the Protestants do? Ditl they adopt
this course? Was it in the spirit of loyalty to do that
which %%out' weaken the loyalty of othe:s ? And yet
the Protestants, by the annual procession, reminded the
Catholic that the antriiersery of that east w hick placed
the Royal Family on the Throne was the annisersary
of his defeat. This certainly was not the way to se-
cure the loyalty of the Catholic, which ought to be
the ohject of every loyal man. The areument cent
still further, b cause it you permit one essottiation to
govern itself by secret maths, yon concha equally to
permit atrother. The Catholic ought to hive an equal
riebt to do so ,titre the Protestant. But it might be
said that the Protrs•ants weir permitted to have thete
associatiuns, because they alone were loyal. If the
house were of th it opinien, it eettid be declaring that
the loyalty of Irclanl was limited to one-tiO hi of its po-
pulation, but es .ell Pro estatos were not admissible to
those associations, it would he still forth-r 'bulgy!! the
loyalty of Irelaorf. Ile eould not conceive the reason
why these soeictiee should be permitted to one puts, and
not the other. If they were allowed for self-defence,
wily cot to the Catholie as well as to the Protestant ? if
they were allowed for the protection of the lees, had not
the Catholic an equal interest and an equal right to
trotect them nith toe Protestant? He would state an-
°thoer instance in reference to these institutions, which
was of the most :orlon! ronsideration. •It was admitted
that the greater pact of the Yeomanry of Areiawd weirs,
Orangemen. It could not be forgotten that this Yeo-
manry was formed of p-rsons wlinse feelings were nu: in
unison with the national feeling, and. therefore, when-
ever they were called upon to act, they only increased
the irritation sketchy exiling, Localise thee majority of
the people thought they were prompted to act more
from hostility of feel ne, than a ee-ire to preserve or-
der. But the most imeortant objection to this society
was its influence moon the conduct of Government and
the admirristration of justice. He would suppose that a
Cathotc were put upon his trial, and that the sheriff
who impanelleti the jure, the ;ludic, the whole panel,
and the jury lay which he teas to be tried, were Orange-
men. Th iugh he did not mean to suggest that any of
the parties would he guilty of En act of injustice, yet
if the individual, howeler deservedly, were found
guilty, what would be Iris feelings? Would he not
say he uai unjustly dealt with: And was it not na-
tural to suppose that he would lather leave been tried by
authorities of a different party ? Even in that house,
where they r. ere divided into parties, no one—at
least no honest man—could conscientiously say that he
did not sometimes feel great difficulty in preventing his
mind from being warped on party quesnuns; and then
was not that country in all unfortunate state, where a
body of men associated on I arty reclines should be in si-
tuation- which en.ibled them to promote it justice. No
country could ever be hal py where confirleur e was not
placed.in an impartial administratiou of the hoes. If a
Catholic were to be tried by an Orange Judge and an
Orange Jury, however correct the pro, eedings, and how-
ever conscientious the verdict, whet would be the moral
effect? Would it not be weakened by the conviction that
the Julge and .lure were of a party hound together by
principles which held him up to hostility? This eat a
a ate of things which greatly dinfoislied the weight, the
authority, and the influeuce of the laws. In 1813, it
would be recollected, that the President of the Board of
Control (Mr. Wynn) brought forward a motion relative
to Orange Societit a. Upon that occasion Ire complained
of their introduction into England, and described them,
but in much better terno, in the same spirit that he (Mr.
A.) now described them. On ilea occasion also the
Secretary fur the Home Department (Mr. Peel) expressed
liinrirlf against the existence of those societies io Eng-
land, that they ought to be discountenanced, and were so
cuatteoptible in England that the mere expression of the
la use to that effect would at once put an end to them.
al. Noble Lord also then consented to put them down in
Enamel, and upon this understateliog the motion was
withdrawn. He stele.' this for the purp use of giving
the Right Hononrable Gentleman an opportunity of
shoeing whether he entertained the some oeinions re-
gardiug these societies in lieland. When he consented
to put them down in England, where they were so con-
temptible and had se lit,le int:remise. what ought he to
Mirk of them in I relan I. where all circumstances com-
bined to increase ten-falrf whatever evil existed in the na-
ture of the institution itself. f-le could not persuade him-
self that he omit,' net have the vote of the Bight Hon.-
thantli titan to-night, because he surely eolith not think
t sat they ought to he abolished in Eagiaud an I tolerated
Ireland. tic might be tel I, from the ittument Lem
Sitimontli conveyed the pi.olde of Ireland the expres-
sion of the King's wish that all animosities should sub-
side, and all }alies become tett oncited, that from that
moment the epeositien of the Orangemen to the King's
Government increased. t the person who would tell
biro tlioeseouse whit party he may, if he admitted the-
L ref Sidthouth's letter produced sack au e:fec, he d d
him as much service es if the case were differeot, for
what was it but to declare that Oraneemen were opposed
to the King and Parliament, and thecefore ought ta be
put dowa ? He would kor glad to know if fresh members
were to be enrolled to oppose whatever measerrs
seat may now think proper to seeure the peace of Ire.
land; if so, it only strengthened his Argument still fur-
tber for the necessity of thi extinction of this sooietp
