i
f

THE STATESMAN.

" Arr

Mails. I) a•
_ ........... Dublin
0 ........ , .......... Watt-Kiwi ...
to .............. Ctuliz
0 • ................ 1..,ai0n
0 •• . ......... (41•• 1.,..)' . •
1

0..

.ler V
...... .
nut otillsirei

11.<141: ,IF Sl'o4lo Is
lint.-1/4 4,4
9 per t Com. 541 k
S er 'oefl sif 5/
4 j., r Gestts. 713
6 :perCpnt. 89k 9
',mit. %nu. 14}

Al' tip': 0121.0cii.
India. Bow': 2 5 diF„
Exrbroorr 'ls 4d. 93 p
Ditto •ipl. 3 5 ;)
Ommom 1 pr,
('n& oh. for Acct. 59,7 i
I.otlery 'fickroi

7' II 143 ST..I 7`111,S ,IN

LONDON:
TUE39.IY, OCTOBER 13, ISI2.

Mioor French Papers to the 6th inst. were re-
ceived yesterday, containing intelligence from Mos-
cow of the ißth ul,. We extract the following arti-
cles from the Journal de Paris : •
'PARIS. OCT. s.—Private letters from Moscow, of
the ISt'', inform us, that one-third of that great city
his pscaril the Harnett and the inhuman barbarity of
the Tartar lIOSTOPCIIIN. Every day new discoveries
are mule., which place at the disposal of the EMPE-
nog proviviuns and stores of all sorts.
Wtmortruicaz (VOLUYNIA), AUG. 31.--,.-We
have already entered Volhynia, under the command
of the General of Division Kewiscal, and we have
*end hot. the same Poles as in Lithuania, who
have rtceised us. with acclamations of joy. The
C•!:..iy have blessed our army. The Magistrates, at
the he:ol or the Tribunals, meet us with their colours
displavrd, and have presented us with salt and bread.
Tl.O .1 %9 have also supplied the different wants of
the soldiers. The inhabitants of the neighbouring
'Maws came out to greet us. Every Pole is ani-
mated with the most pure and ardent patriotism.

In the S'T 'TESM tx of yesterday will be found an
article from th • M)ilifruc, dated Paris, the -Ifh inst.
which must appear to every one at all acquainted
with the political relations of Europe, deserving of li
notice. It has long been clistomary with some men
in this country to treat any political matter taken
from the Monitear as. the mere effusions of a cor-
rupted policy. To dksemitiato such undue preiu.
dices against the langnage of truth, may answer tho
purposes of a vilia terl Government ; but it k a dkzrace
tea nation that pi., fesses to foster every species of lite-
rature, tending to enlighten and instruct mankind. The
writer of the article in the MuniLar, has taken a
review of the relations existing bet we-n France and
Russia during the three last campaigns, and charges
the Emperor ALEXANDER with a breach of faith in
brealiing the peace of Tilsit, which is assigned as the
origin of the present destructive war. How far this
charge is well founded, we shall leave to the decision of
NArot.t.om and ALEXANDER; but the conseqwences
which have ensued, the people of England are too
well acquainted with. Thus, while war spreads its
baneful influent* through every quarter of the globe,
and while the Daily Journalist fills his columns with
records of its death-dealing progress, let us for a
moment suspend the painful narrative, end examine
the character and conduct of those who bold the fate
of millions at their disposal, and tarnish the face of
nature with their sanguinary contentions.

Despotism, in its various forms, appears to he the
polluted source from whence proceods the stream of
human misery, and which, in its slow, though
certain, progress, at last overthrows every species
of Government. When a nation has once sunk into
the gulp!' of despotism, the principal man in power,
or the phalanx that surrounds him, regardless of the
want, miser', or indigence of the subject, become
el n lastly possessed of every means to gratify ;
their most insatiable desires, which, in proportion ;
to the extension of their sphere of indulgence, in-
creases the wretchedness and slavery of their subjects.
Public welfare is trampled upon to gratify their pas.
sloes and interests ; and their stations placing them
aloof from fear and shame, enables them to pro-
mete, with impunity, those violent outrages which
hale, h-en innicted upon the bulk of mankind.
Engla,ol, that boasts the finest syaent of polity
to the would, is aroused of being the centre
from w!itstice the projentila miseries of war are in-
cessantly disterbi,,g !be tranquility of surrounding
nation; ; and when her intrigues have proved una-
vailin.; olth the despots of Europe, her gold seldom
failed to seduce them into the policy of her Cabinet.
Despotism, we hsve said, appears in varied forms;
sometimes it assumes the tyrant; who, sighing for the
fe,pel:atioa of Conqueror, kindlei a flame that deso.
late) tho earth; and sometimes it appears in the'
temporising policy of a Minister of State--a crea.
tare whom it renders wholly exempt from the com-
ment feelings of mankind, and closing the avenues to
the heart, excites no other passion than a violent
desire of wealth, power, and titles, to accomplish
*rich the rights of nations are to be invaded—ruin
is to be spread—and these who escape from the fire
and the sword, are destined to perish by famine. The
palaces of Princes abound with these kind of courtly
Philosophers, who, to gratify their propensity for
unlimited power, se k to corrupt the head and heart
of their Royal Master, and countenancing him in
every species of silken vice, at last find him become
the weak and willing accomplice of their corrupt am-
bition, Those Mi Asters having once established
thir euthority, on the fallacious assumption, that
power coestitutee right, can issue forth their man-
lilollll4 mfirrn their tyranny almost without lieu-
or coutivol, whilc all the itireflOr offigell of

Government exercite, in their turn, the same sr-
of ty rauny which becomes more severely felt,
when employed by low and subordinate persons.
The day, says 'lowa, that makes a man a slave,
akes away half his worth; and, in fact, he loses
every impulse to action, but the degrading one of
fcar. In this state of a nation, the people are not
_only abused and insulted, but are actually sunk into
a species of brutality.

Extract of a Letter from an Officer belonging to
the corps of Royal Artillery Drivers, attached to
the army under 'Marquis WrcLlNotom, dated in the
vicinity of Burgos, Sept. 17, 1812, which will be
foiaul highly interesting:--
" DEAR Fatero,—A thousand thanks for yours et the Ist
instant, and most of all fur your packet of Newspapers; they
have atlbrded a rich treat to myself and brother oMcen, and
have made us aequained with many movements of oo r army in this
part of the globe, with which we were before unacquainted.

1 wish most sincerely that we could say as many tine things
in praise of Spanish patriotism and enthusiasm as are bestowed
on tae non-entities by t-e English press. 800, alas l . • •
A sense of duty alone compels me to be silent
on this mortifying subject. It may, however, be allowed me
to assert (what, indeed, must be notorious to every impartial
observer), that if the Spanish nation had made a proper use of
the energies and resources placed within her command; or bad
even cordially united and kept pace with the sacrifices made by
her too generous Allies, the contest would long awe bave been
decided in her favour. Rut nicio is.the abject ignorance of the
lower orders, and the jealous bigotry of their superiors, that
they have on many occasious been mere lookers-on, as if totally
indifferent to the issue of events which affected their most vital
interests. It must, however, be allowed, that on many occa-
sions on which their prejudices have been overcome, and they
have acted with our troops, they have evinced a degree of steady
couragefworthy of their cause ; but their co-operation and ex-
ertions have been hitherto on so small a wale, compared with
what they night to be, that they have only served to convince
us what might be elected, if their energies were properly called
forth.
" In one of the papers you favoured me with, I perceive it
stated that the hilts' itants of Madrid ha! consented to accommo-
date our Commander with the loan of two millions of dollars I
We are crite ignorant of this; and 1 think I ean venture to
affirm, that not a single dollar has been received e eept from
nor own country. We every where receive abundance of pro-
fessions, and are treated n ith great apparent respect and atten-
tion ; in full nine cases nut of teu we are convened to pas
for every article req-ired for uer rse or comfort er,rall7. the
same as if we were in our ou n country and contending ,oleiy
in our own cause.

" As our division has been in the rear of the army slnee w e
quitted Madrid, I cannot, with any accaracy. de* : t opera.
tlOll3 ghat have taken place. We are making , repar n a
invest the caitle of Bergos, hie! is very strong, and is ,tild to
have a garrison of nearly 3.00,3 men. Our ads aece has ; aAi
sharp brush with the enemy, and have taken a great cumber of
prisoners. The enemy have been drivel. iron all their .
except the castle and its out-a urks, and are s ated to be retrea..
ith great rapidity towards t:.e northern fenntier, where
they arc said to have reiaforcerents • ailing to j •in them. If
so, we expect another general neticu, should our army eon.
tinue to &chance ; but an this I.e.:d ail *, ape
eulation. With the plans and intent:ors of our Cegeral, we
are, of course, uuacquainted. These are known only to him-
self, and a confidenti..l few attac..ed to bls Staff. The opinion
of myself, and the other Cffie::rs alai whom I havt conversed,
is, that after making ourselves masters of this imfortant place
and its outworks, *e shah retreA;rade a ith the vain army to
more comrandious qunrt'rs for the winter. We bare had some
very heavy ruins, and the reads in many p:aces are nearly int-
r. :usable, attic!: renders the transport cf heavy baggage nearly
impracticable; and, without these, no operation of magnitude
can 1w undertaken.
" Our army, as far as my own observation extends, is toler-
ably healthy; but ac have lost a tanober of men, and several
valaable Officers, since we quitted Madrid, through exceseive

fatigne. Our brave fellows bear every thing wit cherrft Ines%
and undergo the most fatiguing toils in marching r•rottgi the
execrable roads of this country, without repining, bfeatts.- they
see their Oaken share alike with them in every dilleulti and

priva' Inn.
" I ►end thig by Mr. JORDINE (attacSed ti► the Commissariat
Department) wh leaves us this after.u►nu for Lisbon; and have
barely time to st te, that Captain B. has just rammed fro -a
head-quarters, and has Iwo 10 orders for our d.tt trhm-nt to
advance immediately, an attack being meditated Is itaout
delay. on 1411 the remaining pasty of the enemy.

' Adien l— !f :he same Prividence has hitherto pr..
served me in so many trying and perilols %Una' ionca 'lli • .te
indiscriminate ind sweeping h avock of oar. p,r hi. me to eica, e
the pending conflict, you shall hear again tne c.irltest opppor.
tunity."

The Minis'erial prints hortow all their compli-
ments on the Marvls of %V Et.t.isoroN. q lie ne-
glecting poor Marquis CAstnEv. his merit should
be supposed egos! ; other rice he is either rewarded
too much, or WELLysivroN to spiringly„ They
ought tr.- say, that great giltesman plans, Ow that
great General execeoc, aid c-ongritulate•thp coun-
try on possessing a brae of great Marqpissps. in-
stead of one only. \V give those lf.di•ots this hint,
that they may point nut some of Marquis C %MOEN'S
merits, r.ad prep/re the public for his e!ovat ion to a
Dtikedom, at the same time as Lord ‘VELLIVGTON
obtains that dignity. If they neglect this advice,
perhaps we may endeavour to shPw what h" has done
for the benefit of the nation and of himself.

The Dorsetshire and Scalely Castle sailed from
China the 12th April, and arrived at St. Helena the
23d July.
WORCE!TER ELECTION.—The following was the
state of the poll at the close of the smenth dsy :
koharts 121 U 1 cordon ... 929 l Lard Deerhurst 1146
'SURREY ELECTI9,I.—TIie numbers at Guildford.
at the close of the pill yesterday were be fellow 4-
114 Thomas Swims
G. H. Sumner
Sir I'. Turtoo
This day, at two o'clock, CIUILLZI CAtVIRT and
(TE'vitY THORNTON, NIS. who were declared duLy
elected et II o'clock, was Chaired in presence of an
immense crowd of spectators, end not yesterday) as
appeered 14 seasral Other 'Ewell's§ birth

. STATESMAN OFFICJ., TWO O'CLOCK.
Capt. Ct.! rroRD, and another officer, arrived last
evening at the Admiralty, with Dispatches from the
Mediterranean : his arrival created a considerable
sensation, as he was supposed to be the bearer of im-
portant news. He also brought Dispatches for the
Foreign (Mee; but we cannot find that they are of
any importance; indeed, from the silence that has been
observed respecting them, there is every reason to
infer that they are of an unfavourable nature—their
1 contents not baying been suffered to transpire. Some
extracts from them are to appear in this Night's
Gazette. They relate chiefly to the failure
of the Expedition sent into the Adriatic, under the
command of Admiral Fa tEMANTLE, which has been
completely frustrated, and both the naval and miii.
Lary forces engaged, have returned to their former
stations, without accomplishing a single object.

Government have issued Letters of Marque and
Reprisals against all vessels belonging to the United
States. It will appear in this evening's Gazelle.
Accounts from Heligoland state, that in conse-
quence of the French troops having teen %ithdrawn
from the coast, in order to reinforce the Grand
Army, the Danes have entered Hamburgh, Bremen,
and Lubeck, to perform dia garrison duty of these
places.
We received advices yesterday from the coast of
France to the (late of Thursday last. Nothing from
the North had transpired subsequent to the date of
the Twentieth Bulletin. At Ostend, and in the ad-
jacent towns and country, the the new conscription
was carried into execution with so much promptitude
and severity, that it almost exclusively occupied the
attention of the public, from the general distress it
occasioned.
