eiSt• i •
11/4 %.
-
. 'nen &

THE CONSTITUTION SUNDAY NEWb_
Price Sixpence Halfpenny.
VIE CONSTITUTION Is one of the la
l'aperr published. and is coadoeted epos ! • • 'Roust OF COMMONS.
r kesteemeiy Well cidadatril to pleastse- •
}A pent* tie Dairy Paws, se it .easbeamm a variety or nob. Petitions wore prevented ?Ma the Comity of lad
and RAI be roWill to contain Me etbstance of the Weekty the Towns of Hereford, Blachburoe, Kendal, Readies: Mod:
Few., more especially all Denerstie Ocrerrences, whiele, short Wanilehi shalom the Property Tax
die termination of the war with Fiance mud America, ham he. Petitions were presentee from the Counties of Loath
cone bights ieterestiug. The Gard/. of Saturday night drips Cause from the Landholders of the Counties of Bedford
a strop g feature itsthe Paper, and Tuesday's Gazette Is Ilk.. Rentingdoo, nod from several Districts in Ewex, pray*
aise tivrw. ' no alteration is the Corn Laws.
The Coloseretrnow soy b had of all Site News Vents, to . Lied MILTON brought ep a Petition front Halifax against
tom. wog it will be fun, owed to.aor panes* linked rumareataiwtof the Property Tax s and a Petition frmn cereals
than est Sow*, by transit:Maus Otitisle die 04a% No. Si, in the North ltidiog of Yorkshire; straitly NW est
alteasdasitt tie for
Laws.
On thitpamtine for the Min! reedits' of the Bleaching Powder
Act Repot Bill,
Mr. HO WORTH expressed his surprise that a Bill .bad
pass thrtnegh the House test Sepias. Mika was now neeseessert
to be Pistoled. He ioadered how this obnoxious claws
esesped Ile view* of the %moveable Baronet (Sir J. New
tom) vibe press bedsides* attention to all Bills aieetle.
711ttNEWIPORT said, that the Bill bad been brought IMO
the Meuse at a late period of the geodes, when be was CC
by gibed* testae, Itiowstif from his attendee:es in
meat. It was toffy ~clause of the Bill that it was
to repeal. He cartaialy thought that it was rather disetel=
sir Podiums se pan Bills which it was ateessory inunedlatell,
le repeal. He hoped that this circumstance would be a want,
tag to &oilmen Dot to be too forward Is priming Bills at a late
perked of the Session, and in thin Home%
The Hilt was then reed a third dote.
• AMERICAN WAR.
Mr. HORNER observed, that the rotors mode to (be
of the Haase Was incomplete. The Order was both the a airy
of the Mmierials einapiaining of insallettat Proceeds*
Trade, of Address, to the Prime Rome on the awe
aubjest. The latter port at the Onler had sot bees ensiplled
w bk.
This CH A scipuoarq-uml wacAtigignikisuarilfti

RAL POW
lia the PIM awl w lil h‘ published is s few dales
Tx
CANDID EXAMINATION ottb• 4419nq
lied NA bAGEJI liN-T of "shoo Is tenet* IngLANI:I
LErriIIt•CAiItRILERIP 11111)11RANNIATEI) VIM") t in
which the weespily of edoptitig a beltet asuman IhlMltnw pre-*
vale Mtn be 'wade eusallest. from the examplter sit astersaissie
and which. *have ell, a vest public Wisest will
he Neat lord:y to domed. At a lime like this. when new
sted ireown e hail/hop. ea he aserusaus espy
_owe. are • la
coetelopliaioe. to give add Inttli"“ spleil&sor to she
P.et•olliest Establiskiatthl. tut 14.*Welgelles the Reglaathula
on DIN, o& Which the PAW ain site contornod, anises tint
be decoct pkarioity sensiloobio.

lIATrotiT liflTlliN 111,711111 CLOTH I
The o•
nly biaesfaetare iM Geed Mimi.. Si vtlikeh doe ideas.
tsicep linglicir Flat sad Cantle ars sailed is Os.
1 ieel,
is isne,
fabric Masi bas been
• tnaartaetntra Withavirir far salon, Omit families mad
h, Gene t rabt. Aug he, by pornareseile istpressanit,briesliestight
it, a degree qf pads:nen anessailed.
If, peculiar tester, frees It from the sr
e‘r-.trirtwed lY Use, -Ailt
fabiristsvale '
1... r Lnri.bility, Appearance. cos Is *ear. and
great crunchily, it Await isarivalled.
S.titi tit a ItAit half of !lists or ober *sr Limn, at
the Patentee's Warobansr. 114. Cheitiaide, sear St. Past's;
add H ading. aml Ce. yD. Pall- Ala.

- •

Mr. that from the cor.
respondence now on the table, it did not appear that
the question before that House was selficiently an-
dentood by the Noble Lord. Sir James Duff was
asked, why he had summoned the Captains of the
merchants vessels in convoy at Cadiz, and examined
them upon oath whether they bed any Spanish sub.
jacts on board ? This was a circumstance not very
creditable (as he thought) to Sir James Duff. There
Was also the eorrespondeyce of a Mr. Stedman on*
the object, which he thought no way creditable to
him. Mr. Stamen appeared to molt much in having
an opportunity of obliging the Spanish Constituted
Authorities, by delivering up those two unfortunate
men to their rage and persecution. lie wished to
know whether Ministers had now made the enquiry
which a Gentleman on their bench (Mr. Geolborn)
had partly undertaken to have made. lie wished to
Ikn". ow whether Lord Bathurst bad ordered any en-
quiries to be made as to the correctness of the states
meat of Mr. Puigblancb, which contradicted mate-
rially the statement of General Smith". The thing
mu, in fact, so *treetops that it ought to be sifted
be the bottom, and not a loop to be left for Sir Jame
Duff, or General Smith, or Mr. Stedman, to Ilse
out of. This Mr. Correa, whom, among them, they
gave up to the barbarity of his persecutors, was *
most distinguished Officer, who had fought in many
battles for the restoration of King Ferdinand. Atl
the time he was delivered up at Gibraltar, he had
two eons, both Oincers,.prisoners in France. OW
of them had received eleven wounds, and the other
four, in fighting for their country and the restoration
of King Ferdinand. The only charge that was
brought 'against this distinguished and meritorious
officer,was that he had written a very temperate let-
ter to King Ferdinand, 'pointing out the benefit that
woald result to him and the monarchy from agreeing
to the Constitution. This was the whole of his of-
fence. " And now (said Mr. W.) let Sir James
Defend Gen. Smith, and the rest of them, know what
it was they did when they gave op this unfortunate
Gentleman to the rage of his persecutors 1 Mr. Cos
rea had been sentenced to ten years imprisonment at
Ceuta, on beard the gallies, and there he now Is i*
the greatest misery. I contend that the country is
bound in honour to obtain his release. At all events,
I do not envy.the feelings of those Gentlemen who
have been the canoe of the misery of this unforte.
note man. Ido not envy the feelings of Sir James
Duff, who, in his zeal for the service of his cows.
try, thought it necessary to contradict the pees-
port which he had countersigned at Cadiz, and get
a man arrested who conceived himself safe under his
Pa

GOLlwicwll ri hill T.
THREE PRIZES OP TIMMY THOUSAND- POUNDS !
A LAO
FIVE of 140 GUIND4 exch. which will be
PAID IN GOLD.

Withoet dedociiis. is anon as drawn.
rill 111511 returns his grated! thanks to the Public
1 e llas,oglooll the kilialloa. for their dirtiagehhedfavoars,
IPA havii.e CONTRACTED with GOVERNMENT for the
tuAing LOTTERY. be feels phasere is arranarsciag the Sol-
Inn int Scheele, which not nutty po-se•ses the attractive and an.
151,•reilratcd Novelty of THIRTY THOUSAND POUND
PRIZES, but as a crateful tribute of respect at the Pahlic, he
b:h: made al fangetnents that the Five PrLors e One Thousand
Guineas each, thud he paid ia GOLI) as moo isa draws, with.
out any deduction. whether they are sold in Tickets or
Shares. at eithrr lbf his Officett lio. 4, sCORN HI IL. or 9,
t• 11A Itlti G• Clt OSS, et at alai at Mice 1 the Niagdois.
WIdRME.
S.—Titian of ....C90.00. PM ...s
.004
......it .. ...,...imen
lan .3.250
••t, .•
• ' '''° ." • MO. ....50D
II .900 ..24011
It • .100.... .1.1111
lb ...; ...••101) ..1.504
•.....1111... ....1,1-5U
ii... 4..1411 .• • • ••• WAD
..----- ' .....-.......
MOM Tickets. • • . 4150,000

firsi.virastei •rif111,000;.vrill reeeite.4lo,4loo Mere 1
&lend-drawn reeelve..ll(9l3.ooo More!
Third-rinbrin lOsOro.. re ',wive! !WIDOW More!
frlitliirig 'flues Prises of adIXIIOU cash !
ftltST Y.
Stli Blank will receive 1,000 Geismar is Gold!
13th Block nil rireice 1,000 Onineno iM Gold!
SECOND P'IY.
10th Rl;prik will reeeise 1,4100 Gaines, in Gold 1
90th rrorive I,WO Coition in Gold!
A)th Blauk will receive 141/0 Grievants in Gold!
Sexier Drawing Simr.frth of Aril.
Tickets and Shaw % are sow on Sale by 1111311. Ilse Con-
tractor, *44, or 9.•Chaeing-Crner, who tlie two
lasi 4.10,001 Kiev, mat theta Genital Prises is the hid
Lottery.

SePERIOR ADVICE.
IT is of the first consequence to ascertain on
v.lnue talents nod integrity n Gees relbusee may be
trd sn atilit • . talr.ars. CURRIE sad Co.. Surgeons of
ei,,i1W.14.0 aunt high profel.siuntsl attainments. hienthert of the
It .sal Colleges • f London and I:4tintiurili. present to the
ihr reAdt of SO ie:trs eliperience in the Cure of Vtnerroll
t:nrepinistrs, anti tame I)elailities anal l)rAtietscive which ant
ulfrrgrrc thy present tar embitter the Mail imonial state. In the
5:•ri.45 grkttiliotr, fri m scrawl infection to enamel Imes,
their treiVinent remnant:4 very MICR a speedy, mat always a
radical cure. In dubious caws, their long and web-imaged
taxon ismer taus theme promptitude of tieCiiioo tbat stores
l'a(lent from being merrutializea out of existence. or hay-
* bit constitution undermined, sand the vital principle destroy-
_Ml 6) n latect, but insidious disease, or a blind mad fatal coin-
iichcc its sita/kow pretenders.
In Nervous I)ettility. Vascular Relaxation, and Atony of
ih.• Organ, arising from eremitic indelgence. insolahritrus
or solitary sesoutality, the practice gives new life and
clict4s in the system, even in caws winch are verging en de-
i
tir. lin-blares and other cicciegerneiris of the Urethra they
to tve w nimbi and eili•ctunl gnaw er. slight and recent CAM
of 1 enereal Infection are cured In the short -pot iod of two

R of the EXCHEQUER
said, that it would have been far more desirable to
have% regealr motion mad. open the papers before
the Home, than for the Honourable Gentleman to
make a speech NU of invective and declama-
tion, without any authority at all. As to Mr. Peig-
blanch, he knew uothiag of him, except tree his
statement in a Newspaper, sad probably the Hon.
Gentlemen knew no more. As to lbw qoestion pot
by the Hon. Gunmen, whetter soy lavestigatioa

-----
1.• the Female Rea it will he conlnlitary to knew thnt they
*cared of Drhiltiies which defeat conception, and
•he Instadatian ef ceanuhoal felicity.
"b Waled pith candour, delicacy, and inviolable so

CURRIE aid Ca, way be enriched every day, al
' 107, Hauwr gingen.
'• • Leiters hum the Connery, stating minutely the case,
(.1 ht. and maiming a remittance for Advice awl
ts itl tte treated with titudious attentiott.
It? Hama "'arch u.

no enquiry had of the deb to ter-diet, he .thought if better `rs.go
ly rested on the upon the supposition that 'tie. Property Tex altiold
be taken off.
those remarks Mr. SMITH was quite &intent with fbis'expla.
lemon had called nation. If he Lad known, that 'so mach time would
founded on the have heen given, his observations should hart been
to Mr. Puig- spared.
first he called On the Motion of Mr. TIERNEY,
.the Report
subject. Since of the House of Commons, in :the Session" befbit tlef
, and he had re. last, were referred to the ( mmitiee.
ill the circtim_ The House tliesi .1-oohed itself igitts the 'Circa'
(mat of the coin- mince.
lonourable Gen. Mr. ROBINSON then rose: It sras
.not isle le4
honour of the teution; In iuunnrung some Resolutions to the
4i-well as the House, to endeavour to hind them now to any
tlefl-
t should, at no nite measure. His object at present , wen may' to
Hope most se- state tl:e general principles upon whipli Fropoied
! Measure must be founded, anj tO ittrer some reso...
INT, papers were lotions which might at a fottire Maw tre -celelew-eassos.
teen the Pelham fully into consideration. The forms of the" Hawse
the American pri. required, that, miles, the Committee declined OW
; tering into the question at alt, ceiti ."riairsfetkiisi
t to the Chancel.' forming the ground-work of the j.' prtf.r
- "WC taiCheqk -... respect to the last pay. , posed, should he passed in the C • •'4 •
- i thpit
ingots to the Spanish Government. He wished to printed, and afterwards referredla an
know whether It was this money that was to be ap. ! tee. It was certainly not his interitirm'io propose'
plied to the expedition fitted °utast Cadiz for the pur. any course that would not allow of flip *ostfutl end'
pose of conquering South America? I fair consideration of the subject. tf dip Cottle.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER queued of the consideration of the question' having
had already, in tile course of this Session, stated, been postponed last year) it had the disadvantage of
that the payments were made on account of the sub- being brought forward by him instead of a me of
sldy agreed to be paid to Spain, for the support of Superior ability, it had, on the other hand, an ad.
their army for two months, on its return from France. vantage which was great and inestimable, from the
Isimilar agreement had been made with the other time that was given to the investigation of the sob-
lied Powers. jeet. It came forwtr_d now, after a fulli complete,
An- Sir 3. NEWPORT wished to know whether Sir and satisfactory investigation. This investigation
7; Downie, for whom he saw a payment of four I would be of the greatest service in the discussion,'
dmaaand dollars, was the sane Officer who, a few! whatever might be the difference of opinions, or of
years ago, was employed under Miranda, to rev*. shades of opinion between different Gentlemen.--.
littioniae outh America, end is now in the army di They would all now come to the consideration of the'
Om Manilla at Cadis, ready to embark for the pun- . subject with much more information than they bee:
pie se of compering the revolutionists which he had fore possessed. Their minds would 'be more pre:.
hergto stir up is South Amerlia ? pared for the determination of -the question, and.
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER many prejudices most have been moored. He al.'
Mid, that if * J. Downie did receive pay and al-
_ways saw, and he should not atterept didisguise it
lowances from our Government, it was probably on—s,Aexa stbeiTt The
,srestien was tine .0.
accopat of a return which was ordered by the House, treme difficulty. —ln fact, at was so surrounded with
of the British Officers serving in the Spanish tinniest.; difficulties, that a choice among difficulties was all'
Sir J. Downie was the brother of the distinguished : that was left for them to determine on. Re could
Officer who fell on Lake Champlain, and is certainly` not avoid seeing that many evils must unavoidably
iletit in the Spanish service. Whether he was or was follow the determination of the question, in what.
of at Wit, employed in the expedition under . ever way it might be decided, They .we ssid have to
Geneva, Murillq, eo.ateeee of being informer k ceesider, however what were the law 'silt, and
- • v • Hank 'on Bill was rend a first time,' what
.westd be the most tondfilirelaile ifie genera
oriterod to bete ~ wend thortott' 'rondo no, good. He could net avoid feeling irreetuatitfeetion,'
SRN . " . that many of the prejudices which prevailed on the
The Order of the Day was then read for the first agitation of the question, were now in a coral.
Hone going into a Committee on the Corn Laws. ; dereble degree removed. tie could not, however;
It was ordered, that the Reports of the Lords and hope that they wens entirely banished, but must stip'
Commons of the last Session should be referred to pose there were still Many thousand persons, who,
the Committee. ! accustomed to judge rather from their feelings thaw
Oa the question being put for the Speaker's leaving from the' weight of argument, retained their former
the Chair, prejudices, unabated by
,any information which was':
.

ex-

. . _
' M,. W. SMITH wished to offer a few observations received in the course Of the investigation. He be.
prevrous to the Speaker's leaving the Chair. He tiered, however, that many objections which were
bad oppoled the consideration of the measure last made at first to the measure were caw removed. He
year, not so much on the merits of the question, as believed, in particolivrohat the misrepresentations
beaten he tbosght that it bid been brought on pre- ' which had• been industriously• circulated, as to the
L maturely. If we now etered into the considers- motives and ohjects of those Gentlemen who oligi-
thm, we came to It more favourable auspices. • nated the measure, had died 'nay, and that no such.
The time the had :: n gained was of itself a impression any longer existed in the public mind.—
ir,
rest object. Be , however, understood, that If he could have an idea that the measure originatei
it wits originally I'.ed to bring on the new plan 'in any views so mean, so base and paltry, as had
oaffinance
beforeibti question. . This, he conceived,' been attributed to the landholders of the country ;
would have been the more regular and better course, if be could suppose that thete was any idea of pro-
se the amount of the taxes to be paid would have a tecting a privileged class in makiog exorbitant pro-
material bearing on this question. He understood fits to the detriment of the community, he mom se.
that In the Resolutions to ,be proposed to-night, a imply declared to God, that he should have had no
certain point would be fixed as the limit for importa. hand in bringing this measure forward. His only
tion. Whether the limit to be named would be the feeling upon the subject was a wish to do good to all
proper one or not, could not be ascertained without parties. The measure that he should" propose., stat'
knowing what would be the taxes. How could the not for the porpotie of benefiting one set of tntlivi.
House say whether 705., or 73i., or 805., was the duals at the espence of another, but what 'he con•
proper limit, without knowing what were to be the ceived was clearly for the benefit of all. We were
taxes? From the innumerable Petitions against the not now in the situation of considering, teethe first
Income Tax, he did hope that it would not be re- time, whether a system of restrictions ought to be
Mowed. At the same time, the House should know' adopted or not. In almost every branch of our
positively whether the landholders were to be subject trade, restrictions had been introduced, and there.
to that tax or not, before they could determine the fore we were not now in a situation to begin upon its
present question. It would be also necessary to know principles. When restriction had been so long in.
ebetherather taxes would be taken off, and among corporated with our whole system, it could not he
them the tax en agricultural horses. As these finan- easily torn from one part of it, without a revulsion
dal points had a strong bearing on the corn goes- which might produce 'the most serious mischief.
tion, het that question, on the other hand, had no Those who contended most strongly against the mea.
beetringat all on the plan of finance, he thought that sure, had themselves, in many instances, the benefit
it was entirely inverting the natural order to bring of that protection which was derived from a system
this question on before the others. He certainly had of restrictions. 'lle did not, however, at all mean
great pleasure in thinking that the Property Tax, to use this is to argument upon the present question,
which he considered as the opprobrium of our nor to contend that because one interest found pro.
finance, as an engine of oppression, and a badge of tection and advantage in the system of restrictions,
slavery, would at length be got rid of. He under. that, therefore, every other interest had a right to
stood that the Right Hon. Gent. would not propose claim the tame advantages. ff the imjutation of
its renewal, unless those ties, which he should pro- spin from abroad was to be absolute]" prohibited.,
L......
pose W. tobsiitete, should sot be agreed to. It ap. this eremlittedo 1 reat"! cci use the oril. -'
pealed to him, however, that the Heusi should, first as-I,olosvit *rodeo eo woo
hear what the new finance plea was, and see whe. mot
titer the new taxes were likely to be more palatable -disci
than the Income Tax, before they would be in a eiten ....unisand, however, should mateed ilia
dietitian to come to a proper determination' on this ' supply which this country could raise, the deficiency
qaeseise. I must be made up, by foreign importation. 11 it hout
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER some precautionary measure of this kind, we might
th ht, that If thelioa. Lient. had understood the bare to contend against the double difficulty of a
co that was to-night to be peneed by hie Right deficiency at home, and a suspension of our supplies
HotreFriend, he would not have seen any impro- from abroad. To make corn ultimately cheap, As
print; in this question preceding that of finance. It well as to guard against an evil of this kind, it was
was mot intended now to propose any Resolutions necessary to extend a legislative encouragement to its
biadlpg upon the Homes. The final consideration of production at home. It was worthy of observation,
this Aluestivs would net come on until after the too, that there was no branch of commerce with re.
Howse had a full view of what he intended to propose,' sped to which Francs had shown a greater jealousy
and also time to form a pretty good judgment of what `than the trade its coma. It was a billiard, that ought
tams were likely to be agreekto. For the perposee not to be Incanted, et. Fein& jrnithitiog her pre.
• . .1•41e:i
.1..., •
Ar;ol‘ )-;'• •

is count;

corn w

-

% -, .

limit

. •
. . . ' • '• • . ,
7. "
„tti
go. gilleg..,
..,. p, . . :..... ... . . iTrtt,..NH ..; 4
... 11.• ' a!- -11;-Aifiairii#01V.• .-. . • p•i• • PEBRUARY 18, 1815,
.. . •
, . -- ..• ~ .I_, .. ~4,,. , .. hogs dna! Syskci, ett•it oa Mc scared! "
_ i ; -
-.
- . • . .
TliSanta eat At* PitUit-LA*R• • • . .litent.44',4l44,iee ' '`. ' Is‘tt
• . • • taken place, be did *oppose that
T"". precept EVENING, Fab. IS, ' dittit •' • • - • •. • •- • ••! ~
, . -,....50010w,,.
~
... %,. , . *ea set moot upon a thins that onl,
Mnipoi•s* Itere.tith kill nerforin • -
TOWN AND COUNTENT. • ' • - • liagsk oF Looltrigi. n - asChosity_, a Newspaper.
et ilea Gkoroy (ed. ri). Me. Kima; Mow Sisk <hoop Lord 151441WWICIC • ,
..
.. him Xr. WHITBREAD replied, that
Hki. Alloor. .. . - • , . • lorkliti Newarseet, &a. alatuat
iiiim.N *M. the Right Honourable Gentlen
Ts!1410 wilt too .4414 Lae4 LADDIIR DA Ltwirrig •
" infrclite and daclamation " Were
• Coed Prooielary Hotel loomed by Om DMA . 'iligfar • ' '
TIIE WOODMAN'S DIA% mud' me, ~. , • • ~ , --• • • -,-. • papwtkiiresauted to the HOUSe. As
The Nom 46 4 40404 at hilt pea 10.4 eeteek. to he- The beikellMitrOtit :. . 1.1.111111110 '' litlancbsoha bad Got aeon . hint when
Ito hi Wiped sta. • -
Row, 4ro seemed ;price si. 6a._,,sots. ; 4 amid dmiLsegalled.elkpffig""vittliairses4ll;;. !fr. ' .11.11' .7114110;: s . . theaWintion of the Nouse to that
price, So.. Lower gallery. *l. Seemed Woo., to believe that tim motiawirldrit ... ..,,diet titie, hoiteter, he had teen him,
Gaiters, 1%.1 Seciiimi Prieto, N. - , '
mik
e * mad
01
"'Old* 61100 416Arlw. •..
.. oiteed moth detailed information of al
• • ..-; •.--• 44••• „.ilipli , k *Milo, samooks, Neva. , :
-
THRATKE-RpY4l,., tiottart 4.6 togs. , and in Imo, a some ... - - ter. 7,. stabdlS of the case, that he hnd no do
TII I S 'mica fiFENINCit 7 . ~. , . .. ,
. .0,41. will I,' "at? A . :ftrel •
,* .4 - , • -,... piste accuracy of it. If the Right Ha
, to toe
he performed,
.1..,,„ee ebse abeiembe be. dimuird. . , vo t:=, however, did not think the
VIE STRANOVt. • for pest_ IstipLim, this transattion)
The &ranger, Me. Y 041911 f Mo. Mike, Miiiefika i thrtl DIFITafT Orattpooled( his !ogles mtiodigkdoi altititt of indiridoal Officers, he
• To t‘ Irith'ivili be &Med. • i A416641L—....ka1uin" In '• • ---.-
n • '• Ir. distant day, call the attention of the :
The osw Hooka! Narration!" hi two- knitelslinil 1- • •-•"9.• ••••
'of. - rtously to this question.
fakir ;,.. 44 "46.41.
_liipreeilr'a ta:SiretlB%.6l4o4.-1.,-eeeese-- - 1
mi. pier ma
pat wilt sow
amapiapea•' irlibeete., mama% elm* On the motion of Lord NUGEN.,
pnc,.. Erna merry. 'So. t Sawed rracc, 10.-4lbsteo , Out by the Upaato Goff:swam* for she soltrosatioa of tin ordered respecting the action betwet
0,04-v. Lt. t Sermod Prue t kit:
_. ' Revolotiookoi is South America. He was salaam to know, It a,nd Montagne packets and the Globe
,
k Prtrate. Ba i say be .11011 lightly, as amdicatims to mr. : chi, were trek.,
g,,,n,t n. 41 ise..sorralicy. i Lord BATHURST massed that be was Onkel,' litinnla, 11.,„frer• ~.....
THE CONSTIfUTION SUNDAY DERIIPAhdItt of sad' a Wiltimlapce- - , . %Apt. isr.N NETT pat a question t
• Putiee Stopenee Halfpenny. _ . Attained.. • '
. • , lot of the Exchequer with respect to
