THE STATESII.3

said Representatives shall be chosen in such
manner, and in such proportion, as they shall
designate ; and shall meet at such time and
place as shall be prescribed by the said ordinance;
and shall then form for the people of said territory,
within the boundaries aforesaid. a rtinstitntion and
State Government: Provided. that the same, when-
ever formed, shall he Republican, and not repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States ; and
that the legislature of said State shall never inter-
fere with the primary disposal of the soil by the
United States, nor with any regulations Congress
may find necessary for securing the title in such
soil to the hums fide purchasers ; and that no tax
shall be imposed on lands the property a the
United States: and in no case shall non-resident
proprietors be taxed higher than residents.
Elec. Z. And be it further enacted, That, until the
next general census shall be taken, the said State
shall be entitled to one Representative in the Home
of Representites of the United States.
See. G. And be it further (•nacted,That the follow-
ing propositions be, and the same are hereby olfer-
ed to the Convention of the said territory of Mis-
souri, when formed, far their free acceptance or ;e-
-jection, which, if accepted by the Convention, shall
be obligatory upon the United States.
First. That section numbered sixteen, in every
township. end when slid) section has been sold, or
otherwise disposed of. other lands eginitalent there-
to, and as contiguous as may be, shall be granted
to the Slate for the use of the inhabitants of such
township for the use of schools.
Second. That all salt-springs, not exceeding
twelve in number, with six sections of land adjoin-
ing to each, shall be granted to the said State, the
same to be selected by the Legislature of the said
State, on or before the lint day of January, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.
and the same, when so selected, to be used under
such terms, conditions, and regulations, as the Le-
gislature of said State shall direct.
Third. That five per cent. of the net proceeds of
the sale of lands lying within the said territory or
State. and which shall be sold by Congress from
and after the Ist day of January mitt, after deduct-
ing all expenses incident to the same, shall he re-
servtal for making roads and canals, of which three-
fifths shall be applied to those objects within the
State, under the direction of the Legislature there-
of; and the other two-fifths in defraying, under the
direction of Cowress. the expenses to be incurred
in making of a mad or roads, canal or canals, lead-
lag to the said State.
Fourth. That four entire sections of land be, and
the same are hereby granted to the said State,
for the purpose of fixing their sent of Government
thereon.

Fifth. That thirty-six sections. or one entire
township, which shall be de.•ignated by the Presi-
dent of the United States, together with the other
lands heretofore reserved for that purpose, shall be
reserved for the use of n Seminary of Learning,
and vested in the Legislature of said State. to be
appropriated solely for the use of snch Semiotic"
by the said Legislature.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That, in case
R Constitution and State Government shall be
formed for the people of the said territory of Mis-
souri, the said Convention or Representatives, as
soon thereafter as may he. shall cause a true and
attested copy of such Constitution, or frame of
State Government as shall be formed or provided,
to be transmitted to Congress.
Sec. R. And be it further enacted, That in all
that territory ceded by France to the United
States, tinder the name of Louisiana, which lies
north of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes
north latitude, not included within the limits
of the State contemplated by this act, slavery
and involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the
punishment of crimes. whereof the parties shall
have been duly convicted, shall be, and is here-
by, for ever prohibited : Provided always, that
run• person escaping in'o the same, from whom
labour or service is lawfully claimed, in any State or
territory of the United States, such fugitive may be
lawfully reclaimed and conveyed to the person
claiming his or her labour or services as aforesaid.
ilare4 6, Is2o. (.lpprovetl) J 111 Es MoNaor.

(PROM THE PAPER •I Tilt 16111 PARCH.)
Extract of a letter, on board the Macedonian
frigate, off Panama, Dec. 2J :
" After a passage of eight days from Valparaiso, we
arrival at Lima on the 9th Nov., Iluwhed with the i,!er
of ha►•in passed Admiral Cochrane, while blockading
the port of Calao, notwithstanding his public assertion
that he would sink us, should we attempt it.—Our
officers are much pleased with Lima."
BAT OF PANAMA, JAN. 6.—Our Captain, owing to
the hide depredations committed on our dag by Lord
Cochrane, is anxious to receive official instructions from
the United States; lie has written to the department,
stating that the ship would be at Panama again in thr
month of April next, so that, in the wean time, dis-
patches might arrive.

%IMPORTANT.)
IMPARTMENT OE STATE.-WARIIINGTON, DEC. IC, ISI9.

Sin—With reference to the question proposed by
the C'otnmittre, whether the executive consider the
Florida treaty as a subsisting one, valid, according to
national law, I have the honour to state, that the Presi-
dent considers the treaty ur the 43d of February last ac
obligatory upon the honour and good faith of Spain.
mitt at a perfect treaty (ratification being essential for-
mality), but as a compact Spain was bound to ratify,
no an adjustment of the ditfereners between the two na-
tions, which the King of Spain. by his full power to the
Minister, hail so long promised to approve, ratify, and
fulfil. As there is no l'utort of tisancery between na-
tions, these differences can be settled only by agreement
or by force.
(Signed) Joitx QUINCY ADAMS."
