THE SIATESMAN.

-OEN ERA-ELF:C=IN.

Ltrenront., 11.-The election for the Mem-
bers of a new House of Commons is now proceeding
throughout the country with considerable alacrity, and.
althongli we feel strongly the degradation to which the
people are reduced. who, after all the tumult and exer-
! tun which the occasion calls forth, will still be nnrrpre-
I salted in that honourable assembly ; yet we cannot but
' strongly interested iu the transactions that are going
fin-ward. We shall nut lands fur the expression of public
sentiment so much in the success as in the well sustained
contention, in all those places that are under Tory in-
! Attester or Ministerial commit'. The efforts and the ap-
peals of the unrepresented are at such a period of the
highest importance; particularly what we !Alert that
in many of the most populous towns of the kingdom, as
well as in Liverpool, the middle ranks are for the most
part unrepresented, and that other places of the utmost
consequence to our notimfacturing and trading interests
ran scarcely boast of even the tutelary virtual represen-
tation of Mr. Canning.
In this town the unrepresented inhabitants cannot
but consider themselves as insulted whenever they hear
the representation of the town mentioned. fly whom are
they taxed, and by whom are penal laws made to convert
every t omplaint of their politiral slavery into an offence
In a constitutional sense they might say, what have we
tooko with these taxes anal these laws P and it would re-
quire even more effrontery than that ofthe famous Bishop
Wesley, to tell, not the poor and uninforme.i. but
the respectable and well-allocated householders of Li-
verpool, that they have tattling to do but to pay the oue,
and submit to the other. and yet .Ir. Canning and
the Uenerai have been year after year the virtual repre-
sentatives of more than two-thirds of this town.—the
rittPre representatives of men of information and pro-
;tray. who, if tbry hail their constitutional rights, would
effectually exert their patriotism, to give a very su-
perior character to the legislature of their country
than what is derived trans the sparYing malevolence of
t!:e Right Himont-ali- I; eotleu:ae. or the servile ruin.
placates- of the galh:nt tienera'.. who maintains his post
by yilo.dinr.

Were 11r. Canning not what he is—the sponter and
jester fur an administrat:ott,wlsich has done every thing
to insult and distress the people, awl to injure the 'Oll-
i stitution.—he warahl. nevertheess, not be even the vie-
-1 tnal representative of Liverpool. The laws s., injured,
by him, and those ultn ul he is nose so g!a.l. for the
sake of the emoluments of the place, to art, after haring
ut.ule those persons (when he was out of office) the sib-
, juts of his peevi•h ritlienlr. were derived from that
Constitution. which declares that the people of England
have equal rights, anti that no lean can he taxed hut by
• his representatives. lint the law of representation
heing broken, and all the right of election having been
wrested from those who tnight have exercised it with
independence ant :13trintistis, such men as lir. I 'ansiitg
get ' the (ominous House of Parliament by watts of
partial wail influenced state of the suffrage : and
there. unreproved, he titters lampoons against freedom
and humanity, and supports his proud course of ridicule
by barefaced and falselisdid,. Such lam-
poons and such falsehood., would not be pertnitteil In any
place, but in that assembly, where the majority of the 11
Members are conscious that their very occupancy of
their seats is a cruel jest against the rights of the people,
and an insulting falsehood in the face of the Constito-
lion of the country.

But among those, who by the chartered injdialeo-of
the town, possess the right of disposing of the just and
lawful liberties of their townausen, are there siert many
' at this period of inereasing information, who rise abdVe
• the seinsliness of such a monopoly of suffrage ? We
I speak with confidence, and with pleasing expectation,
when we say, that we know there are niatiy.—des, we
have proof before us that there are hundreds who
would scorn to make " their freedom" an instrument
against the freedom of their country. We have their
pledges, and we call upon them fur their exertions.
" /Ur fit ethos. "—What is isolated frcrifom its •
nation which is wholly and individually deni !!!! inated
Free ?" It is too often a badge of dependence and
the cause of severe oppression. How many in this tow',
merely because they happen to Ix possessed of this insi•
dims distinction. are compelled against the conviction
of their judgment and the best inclinati of their
heart, to vote aiToriling to the views of their interested
employers? How many at this momentous period dive
not indulge that best sensation of a patriotic spirit, their
desire to sliest their hatred to those who oppress and ill-
sult their rummy, eyets by withholding their vote from
the bar ut a Itight I lonintrable Mountebank ;—and !hie
truly, because they are " Free;' because they axe
" Firemen!" Of sorb little use is freedom, where it is
dealt out and directed by the hand of pot et, or, rather,
so impossible is it that freed should exist, where all
; are out equally fry. la't thuse think on this who pos-
sess sufficient independence of spirit to art /rum them-
? selves; in so duiug they will necessarily act fiur them-
, selves: that freedom aCiiie is worth possessing whirl; is
; shared with a whole co 1111 l ;unity, and all other, as it
originates in unwarrantable regulations framed by ty-
i rannical power, is always liable to be rendered settler-
; tient to the views of tyranny. How deeply sunk is this
' country beneath an enormous load of taxes! Theferc-
men, be they carpenters, coopers, rope-makers, or any
other trade, can scarcely maintain their families in de-
cency on their wages, in-cause every thing they want
for their own, their wives, or their chililreii's r fort
is enhanced in price by taxes ! Every thing, in their
dwellings, from the floor to the roof 'is taxed—every
thing they put on is taxed—their food is taxed—the
light of Heaven is taxed! And why is every article of
life thus taxed? It is because their name of Perrault
has been made a name of mockery, awl thee have WOO
the tools of those who have used their partial suffrages
to enslave and impel nigh then—to Sex them—over
and user again to Tax them!—Must not such
" freemen " shudder as they approach the bar of that
deceitful, and yet scornful statesman, who for so many
years has been a part of the most oppressive system of
thovernosent that ever debased the people, or ileatroyell
the liberties of any nation ! Must they not feel that by
the misdirection of their votes, that man, who, were he
in his proper station, would be Merry Andrew to some
itinerant quack-doctor, or obtain his bread by aiding a
show-man to manage his puppets at a country fair, is
now the buffoon to the cruel quackeries of a Sulniuuth,
sad assists a Castlereagh to manage the springs and
wires of a pretended House of Commons! While they
are sensible they are compelled to support such a man
in his destructive station, let them scorn to call them-
selves " freemen ;" let them take the name of " slaves,"
and let (Linn acknowledge themselves unwilling agents
in accomplishing the entire " slavery" of their country.
As unwilling aents they may deserve compassion, bit
it is only by breaking through their degradation,
and acting from themselves and for thetuselves, and
fir their country; by giving their votes to their and
their eouiitry's real friends, that they can deserve
I esteem !

The Carlisle Journal says—" Previops to the election
for that city, anonyinosa letters were transmittal to Mr.
Curwen and Sir JAWS Graham, threatening theist with
the horrid crime of oosarsioation. It was attempted,
we know not how, to implicate the poor weavers in the
charge, who have manfully eons forward, ■nd dis-
avowed all connexion with any thing of so horrible a
Notate.

1 PUGILISTIC CONTESTS
I• 7" DAG/N HAM iIItACII. 111 ISIrI, NSA' TIM SNIT AND

•
SIWYEL, . f•IILER FROM LONDON, ■ETWIZ
lICROOGINS AND Dl.l ID LIEDSoN, ►OR FIFTY OCINEAS
A RIDE.

At half past one o'clock, Hudson, attended by his bro-
ther and Owen, as his seconds, threw his hat up in the
riag ; and Scruggins, followed by Oliver and Randall,
repeated the token of defiance. The odds were both
ways ; and f the remembrance of who Scroggins
'manner been, the old fanciers rather tool, the latter fur
cltuikr. _ . .

...-.„.
1. On stripping. the fine condition of Hudson asto-
nished the spectators, and, to give him a showy appear-
ance. he sported silk stockings. Scroggins did not look
well, but it WAS observed he was " nut so bad" as bad
been represented. The combatants sparred for npwards
of two mitttes. when Scroggins let tty with ltis left
hand. slightly touching his opponeties,eye. In attempt-
ing to snake another hit, gut away. More spar-
ring. Scroggius 'sow went to work in his usual heavy
style, and rather drove Hudson to the ropes, when, after
some exchanges, Hudson went down.—(The shouting
was loud ; and " Well done, my old boy, you can't lose
it : the *sale one fur IOW.")
3. Hudson did not wish to he idle, and wen: up to
his man and fought with him, when a rally ensued, iu
which Scroggings had rather the best of it. The men
separated • and Hudson put io a severe face., that
brought separated;
the claret from his nose and month ; and
in struggling both went down.
3. The men were on their mettle, and liz.htlng was the
order of this tonal. *fogging reeri‘ed a j,,,.ber in the
front of his sub: but he returned to the charge with
vigour, till lie went down from a slight hit.—(tin along
Davy ; a young on:• against an old one any time.) ,
a. Scroggins received a sharp bit in the Ludy ; hut he,
nevertheless, went boldly iu to his opponent, and put in
three Robbers. In struggling for the throw, Hudson
undermost.—(Bravo, Srroggv.)
5. The fare of Seroggins was much pinked. and one
of his eves rather ilautiged. Some good exchanges, till
Scroggius was tinder ttttt st.—(Shouting for Hitiison.)
6. Hudson stopped the hits of his aiiversare well ;
and went again to the isubbiax system. till both. down.
7. This was et most terrible romol. I t aas all fighting,
and the struggle at the ropes was diper:ate in the ex-
treme, till Seroggins found I • self on tne 2round un-
dermost.—(The applause on both ,i,les was most libe-
rally dealt out, soil the emnbataint were pronounced
good men all round the ring.)
b. Seroggins began to pipe, and 4viontottls of a worn-
ont constitution 1,111 hi not be co /ire:tied from his silver.
nary ; and t lie ads ..i;,.itTes of youth were evident to every
spectator, till Seroegiics went down.
J. Well contested both sides :In t alt houszli &Tog-
gins repeatediy hit his opponent in the face, he did no
damage to down.
he. In this round, a faint ray of the original qnality
of Scroggius oas 11111SpieU011% : he ;nit in a severe hit
under Hudson's right ear, and also boreJ him down.—
Three to two was, however, offered on the latter.

11. Sharp exchanges; but Seniggins went down so
weak, that I /liver offered folir 111 one.

12, 13, 1.1. I. Sernzgins had rather the best of some
of these rounik, but never the lies; of the battle. lie,
however, threw Iliad:mon over the ropes.
16, 1,. This was the moo terrific round in the
fight. The men exchanged hits like #2lllO cocks;
struggled for the throw at the ropes ; broke swat;
fought at the ropes again. till both flown.
19, 20, 21. t 3. It was evident the once terrific
Scroggini aro. znne by ; ids milling period was over ;
lie took like a iffotrors of the lint appetite, hut he refill
not give as lietetofore, and six to one n as current against
him.

I to 1%. hi .osne of these nninsis [lndian held up his
opponent ansl punishes' hint down ; and Owen, in the
exultation of the mow offeresl ten to one, and said
he should go home, as his man slid not want any snore
see • /iss:r.
2:4 to 33. In thr last round, Scroggins turned Isis head
away iron, the am ere punishment lie had received, and
went down.

31 and last. Serozgins attempted to hit, but it was all
np, ;is hr was quite exhausted ; forty asiuutes and three
seconds had elapsed.

RPMAUKS.

It is an old and standing proverb among the good
jmiges. that youth and strength must be served; anal a
clearer 1111 l ustration of the above position was never
witnessed in the prize ring. The constitution of Scrog-
gins is completely gone, and no training can now re-
store it. It ►s, however, rather singular to remark, that
a knock-down blow dial not occur throughout the fight.
Hudson is as gay as a lark, confident, and a boxer that
ran stay a good while; but he is not a hard hitter. In
Scrogg:tos's day a different tale must have been told ;
Ind there is no force now about his hitting; and it is
thought, as a boxer, he must slant up his shop.
