THE STATESMAN.

Cnt *tatnintan.

FRIDAY EVENING. AUGUST 22, 1823.

The following intelligence was this morning received
at Lloyd's:—
" Lisoos, At'CI'ST o.—Sir Robert Wilson arrived here a
few days ago on his way to Gibraltar, in a small English
schooner from N'ku. The French army was entering that
place when she sailed. This morning, by another arrival, we
learn that Corunna his capitulated. Three Portuguese brigs
of war sailed from hence a few days ago, with stores for the
French fleet and army at Cadiz and Seville."

STOCK EfICHANGE.—ConsoIs opened this 'scorning at
8212, at which price they have been steady, with little busi-
ness doing. Then-are various reports of Expresses from
Paris with the French Rentes ; but we cannot learn the
price with certair.ty. By private letters from Paris yester-
day, it appears the French Government do not expect any
thing of importance from Cadis fur some days.
_ _

FOREIGN MARKET.—A notice has been posted up in the
above market, this morning, from Admiral Jabat, the Spa-
nish Ambassador, to the following purport :—He states,
that he is informed that the Spanish Commissioners still
persist in issuing Spanish Certificates of Rentes, in defiance
of his ort!ers to the contrary, and that they have ordered a
number to be printed at Paris, for the purpose of fulfilling
an alleged contract with Messrs. Lubbock and Campbell:
therefore, lie cautions the British public against parches.
big the Certificates.
Spanish Bonds opened at 37, & got up to 3 —NewSpanish
Bonds 373—New Prussia EN —Russia b63—Colombia 671—
French Scrip. 23.

Advices from Bayonne have reached us this morning,
(of a date one day later than those we yesterday received)
from which we give the following extracts:—..
BAYONNE, As 14.—We are in great uncertainty re-
specting the military events, so little being published,
hut private information in some measure, makes up for the
deficiency. By the news which we have received from the
environs of Corunna, we find that the French, though they
have not yet attacked it, have approached nearer to it, and
have made themselves masters of some positions. We bate
again beard a cannonade in the directi9u disgt. Sqbastian,
but are unable to say what was the occasion of it.

It is not known why Marshal Lauriston has advanced his
head quarter, to Vittoria, though he had announced that he
should not go beyond Tolosa. A person vrho has just arrived
from Pampeluna, and who bas seen the prepolatitins making
for the attack of that fortress, says, that they ire, indeed, im•
mense. The garrison, however, does not seem at present
to fear them ; it fires on every thing that comes near, and
does not spare its ammunition. From the accounts brought
by an extraordinary Courier, it appears, that the tranquil-
lity of Madrid was seriously disturbed on the 10th. The
Royalists, or, properly speaking, the rabble who assumed
the name, went to the houses of the Liberals, whom they
wanted to massacre, saying, that they had circulated with
a bad intention, the news of the Ring's deliverance, which
had not proved true. The whole garrison of Madrid was
under arms, and it was with much difficulty that these
madmen were brought to reason, and order restored.
The Gazette of the eleventh contains nothiag
that is at all interesting. Prints letters announce
that an extraordinary sitting of the Cortes took
place on the 4th, in which it was decided by a very great
majority, that the proposals of the ?repels should be

tened to; and that the discussion of the means to be em-
ployed for this purpose was adjourned until the follow-
ing day.
It is said that Alicant is in a very good state of defence,
and that Torrijos is the Governor.
An energetic Proclamation from Mina to his soldiers is
spoken of, in which be is reported to say, that " he has
heard of the infamous treason of Ballasteros, but that he
will never surrender, and that he would sooner set fire to all
the towns of Spain." There is nothing remarkable in the
movement of troops in our City. Pretty large detachments,
consisting of soldiers belonging to all the several corps of
the army, continue to repair to Spain.
The letters from the head quarters of the Prince shew,
that His Royal Highness continues to proceed without in-
terruption on his way to Cadiz ; and it is affirmed, that the
Cortes only wait for the arrival of the Prince to treat under
the mediation and guarantee of England. There is a report
here that Marshal Moncey, whose health has been much
affected by the fatigues of the campaign, has asked leave
to lay down the command of the army in Catalonia. This
report even assigns Marshal Suchet as his successor. The
siege of Pampeluna is to he commenced on the 25th of
August.

By the arrival of a Lisbon Mail this morning., we have
received a file of the Lisboa Gazettes, to the 10th instant,
from which we extract the following :

LISBON, Aug. S.—Extract of a letter from Tuy, August 3:—
" I inform you that Wilson arrived on the 26th at Vigo, hav-
ing come from Coruna by sea.
• Our troops marched out of this city with some Portuguese,
and in an action which they had with the Constitutionalists of
Vigo, they beat them completely, taking from them about 30
prisoners, some horses, and a great deal of baggage. On our
side we had only one man wounded; the Constitutionalists Lad
some killed. On the 30th, 2000 French joined Morillo at Pon-
tevedia, in consequence of which General Palarea who was
with some troops at Redondella retreated to Puenteereas, for
which point they are now dislodged, and the French in Vigo.
General Morillo and the French troops entered Vigo on the 4th
of this month, in consequence of which Sir R. Wilso,nwhu has
acquired a mournful notoriety by his adventures and intrigues
In Gallicia, and who had already been once obliged to quit the
city of Oporto, has just arrived at this port, and is detained,
and strictly watched on hoard the schooner thit brought him.
The English Frigate, the Tribune, sailed on the 23d of July
from San Lucar to Gibraltar, probably with the English Am-
bassador, Sir William A'Court on board.
LISBON, AUGUST 9.—When the French entered Vigo, Sir R.
Wilson retired to the island of Ozmas, at the Entrance of Vigo
Bay. From this situation, in which he was in much distress
for want of provisions, he, with some companions, were re-
lieved by the English orig Nassau, which arrived here on
the 7th.

The Captain of this vessel reported himself from London
after 30 days voyage, having toothed at Corinna and Vigo to
be laden with bale goods, and bound to Gibraltar, with pas-
sengers Messrs. Wilson, Erskine, &c.
The names of these gentlemen of course shewing who they
were, the Government placed a guard that Sir Robert might
not have any communication with the shore. It having been
signified to Mr. Ward, the British. Charge d'Affaires here,
that Sir Robert wanted a surgeon to dress his wounds, which
bad been exposed some days, be having so hastily left Vigo,
that all the necessaries were left behind ; the surgeon of the
Arabella Packet was immediately dispatched to him.

The only other articles of intelligence in these papers
are accounts of the arrival of the Apostolic Nuncio, and of
the return of the Cardinal Patriarch, with the respectful
and jlyful reception they experienced front the Portuguese

The New Times, of course, takes all the French re-
ports, as absolute facts. A Madrid letter says :
" It is reported, that on the 6th lost, an emissary was
sent from Cadiz to General Bordesoult, with certain pro
positions, which, not having been accepted, another emis-
sary was despatched on the 7th with fresh proposals."
Out of this report, the New Times makes the following
facts in his leading article :
"On the 6th instant, the Revolutionists in that city
proposedterms to General Bordesoult, which being rejected,
they proposed others on the 7th." This shameless lying is in
the face of a declaration that the report upon which it Is founded.
is of very little probability; and the direct intelligence
'from Cadiz demonstrates that "the Revolutionists" never
entertain any idea of snaking terms with their invaders.—
Any such " emissary" must have gone from the Royal.
ists, and not from the Revolutionists. The faith of the
New Times enables him to swallow, and repeat as truths
such stories as, that " twenty-seven Royalist peasants of
Villa de Ciervos, attacked, on the 27th of July last,
forty two cavalry of the Regiment of Algrave, commanded
by a brother of the Empecinado. and, in spite of the re-
sistance they opposed, took thirty-sir of them prisoners,
with their arms and horses. Two were killed, and the
Chief with three others crossed into Portugal, where they
were arrested."—Our Ultra, in cramming the fact into his
leader, is cunning enough to avoid mentioning numbers;
but the story is good enough to give complete. Here are
twenty-seven peasants, on foot, of course, take thirty six
horsemen and their horses prisoners, after killing two, and
sustaining no loss themselves. The horsemen must have
been the moat accommodating creatures alive ; but it shews
what Royalists can do. This silly knave also affects to believe
that General Alava bad been shot in the Isle de Leon
at a period anterior to the 10th instant; although letters
from Cadiz to a later date are in town, and the fact is not
alluded to; nor another fact of the New Times, that " the
" town is a scene of general confusion, and mutual dis-
" gust." He winds up his catalogue of facts, by the re-
ported " murder of 50 Royalists at Coruna', whose bodies
" bad been thrown into the sea." And this, if need be, be
will swear to, although be does not know it to be true, and
in his conscience believes it to be false. He says it is his
duty to notice these " acts of cruelty, when perpetrated by
" Revolutionielor This is true, and this explains his SDI).

t .:e 1 .
• t

tive clearly enoug . He is hired to rail at ehesses com-
mitted by the par y to which he is opposed ; and to " slur
" over" such Royal abominations as the massacre of War.
saw, and Ismael, and the murders of the Bourbon faction in
France;an.l of Ferdinand in Spain, because they were cent.
mined by his friends, To destroy a royalist traitor like
Morillo, d'Abisbal, or Ballasteros, who ought to be gibbet.
ted upon the highest prominences in Spain, wbnld afford
him topics for sympathy for the remainder of his life; bat
the massacre of every Liberal in Spain, would be only mat.
ter of rejoicing for him. He has not a word of censure
for the murderers of the Liberals at Madrid, on the re•
joicing ordered by the Regency for an event which had not
occurred; nor for the parties endangered by the tumult at
Saragossa, where the French were ashamed of the blood-
thirsty rage of the ltoyalist faction : while upon the sup.
posititious atrocities attributed to the Revolutionary party,
he is as impressive, as if he wished to prevent all crimes;
when the knave only wants them to be committed in the
name of religion, and on behalf of the King.! The com-
mon sense of this country is so decidedly against his
infamous policy, that he is obliged to attempt to disguise
its more atrocious features; but he does it very clumsily.
He says the lawful authority of the King of Spain is not
despotic. Who ever thought it was, or that the lawful &nth°•
fit), of any ruler was despotic; since despotism must be always
unlawful. But we will tell him that Ferdinand was a
despot, and sanguinary despot into the bargain ; and as
to what he said relative to the laws of Spain, it was worth
as much as the oaths of the Royal perjurers of Naples and
Portugal. The Rights of the people, cannot be secured
against such a man, but by absolutely depriving him of
power. There is no medidm between such a man being a
slave, or a tyrant; and to restore to him one particle of au.
thority, will be to create a new all the disasters of Spain.

The fact is now tolerably well established, by ne
gative evidence, that Ballasteros was as unable to se-
duce his army as Morino, or d'Abisbal. The French
say that lie stipulated they should net be employed
against either party; but this seems to have been merely
a trick to account for their not appearing in the field
with the French troops. General Zayas, who was sent from
Cadiz to supersede Ballasteros, is still at the head of a con.
siderable force; and appears to be beyond the reach of bri-
bery. There is a rumour that the Cortes were negoti.
ating, until the treason of Ballasteros raised the demands
of the invaders. But we will not believe, without actual
demonstration, that the Cortes can be so mad as to treat
with those whom they cannot trust.

The Greeks are proceeding prosperously in the ransom of
themselves from Turkish slavery. One great advantage
which they have in the struggle, is, that they are not for
mented with any legitimate pretensions. They have no
question to settle among themselves, between the rights of
the people, and the usurpation of monarchs. Their only
enemies are the Turks; and, having drawn the sword
against despotism, they have no traitors in their camp—no
King to swear eternal fidelity to their liberties one hour,
and to betray them the next—no priesthood bigotted to
monarchy, to preach passive obedience and non-resistance
—no hirelings of a dominant faction, employed to
delude their minds, and to paralize their exertions. 'I hey
wear their own cause on their own swords—and the prize
is plainly before them. We are truly glad that the mag-
nanimous Alexander was frightened by the Republica*
leaven of their attempt, and left them to achieve their free-
dom single handed. Ilia hatred to liberty has made him
blind to his evident policy—a policy that might have made
him master of Europe. Had. he taken the Greeks under
his protection, at a period when they would have beta
grateful for his interference, they would have thrown them-
selves into his arms, not remembering that they were only
exchanging one tyrant for another. The Greek navy, the
Greek seamen, would have been transferred to and
have given her the undisputed command of the Mediter-
ranean—and Greece would have been an impregnable hold
from which Russia might have dictated laws at once to Aria
•
and to Europe. This opportunity is lost for ever.—
Greece has learnt what freedom means; and having
emancipated herself from Turkish fetters, she will be too
wise to submit to the Russian Knout.

Some alarm was created yesterday in the city, by intelli-
genre of the detention of an English merchant vessel by
the French blockading squadron befire Cadiz, under cir-
cumstances, as was stated, of some indignity. On inquiry,
however, the real truth proves to be as follows : —The
Spanish Patriot brig, bound from London to Cadiz, was
standing into that port on the 29th ult., not aware that the
place bad been declared in a state of blockade. A shot to
bring to was fired in the usual tnanner by one of the French
ships of war. and on obeying Cae munitions she was inform-
led that permission could not be given to enter Cadiz. but
that she must repair to Rota, a port on the other side of
the bay, in the possession of the French, which was accord-
ingly done: All that has been mentioned beyond this, of
the Spanish Patriot having on board a cargo of gunpowder,
and that twelve of the crew had been sent to France as
prisoners, is, we understand, wholly without foundation.
A letter from Gibraltar dated the 31st ultimo, mentions
a fact which bad excited some speculation in that garrison.
The Tribune, which brought Sir W. A'Court from San
Lucar, put into Cadiz and delivered mails there ; the French
blockading squadron showing Ito disposition to interrupt
this intercourse. Soon after, the American frigate Confess,
with an Ambassador on bond for the etates, appeared off
the Bay, but was not permitted to enter. The American
Commander, Capt. BIDDeLL, demanded the same indul-
gence u had been granted to the Tribune ; but the Freed'
Admiral excused himself by saying, that the Tribune had
got in under a press of sill, while it was blowing hard, and
that be bad it not in his power to stop her. lie added, too,
that the Capt. Union, of the Tribune, had since apologised
for breaking the blockade, but this, it is said, the latter
denied. The transaction gave occasion to a renewal of the
reports of some secret understanding between the French
and English Governments—the excuse of Admiral Hamelin
being regarded as a mere pretext.
A French Commander of high rank in Spain has, Os
said, written to • friend in Paris, that negotiations with
the Cortes, which bail been broken off, were about to re-
commence, and that the siege of the great fortresses !cli,
Dot he vigorously prosecuted until the result of the Pones
diplomatic intercourse with Cadix should be known.
