. the•
dimities. Of tielt• Its te.— -bring assembled in the majesties
....church of St. Mary, solemn mass began, accompanied
by the most select vocal and instrumental music ; at the.
same moment a fiigt of skv-rockets gave the signal.
aid
immediately the Cutle of St. Qcorge, and the fortresses,.
• the ships of war, and all die vessel. in the river, whisk
were adorned with flags, fired a roral saluti, *Mel) was
repeated, when the Deputies proceeded to take the oath
. on the. Poly tiespels is the following words:—
" I swear .faithfully to fulfil, in the exercise of the
powersavisich have been given me, the duties of Deputy
to the extrsordinary Cortes, which are about to make the
politicel Coutitotion of the Portuguese Monarchy, and
the reform and ameliorations which they shall judge
oecesury for the good and prosperity of the naton, the
' ' Catholic Apostolic) Roman. roll ion, maintaining the
Throne•of Apostolic
Don John VI., King of the United
Kingdoms of Portugal, Brasil, and Algarve, anti pre;
. serving the Dynasty of the Serene house of Bragansa.
• After the oath was taken, the very Reverend Father
Vincente de Santa Rota Lisboa ascended the pulpit, and
delivered an eloquent discoutse adapted to the sublime
object of the solemnity ; after which the members of
the Onvetnntent and the deputies procseded to the hall
of the Sessions, and amidst the lively acclamations of
the immense multitude which thronged to witness this
august man's oration.
A battalion bad been posted at the entrance of the
palace, and all necessary precautions taken, when at
two o'clock, the members of the government and the
deputies began to enter, the galleries being already
crowded with spectators. The members of the govern-
ment took their seats on the right of the president's
chair : and on the left and remaining places on the
right, the preparatory jniita of the Cortes. The Arch-
hishop.of Bahia acted as president, and the Deputy
Frlgueiras as secretary. All being seated, and silence
made, the most illustrious Count de Sampavo delivered,
in a clear and impressive voice,•the following eloquent
and appropriatediscourse
" illustrious Representatives of the Portuguese Na-
Von.—The happy day is at length arrived, which the
o'ortugsteae so am xiouslv desired, and which is going to
crown their ardent wishes and their flattering hopes—a
4ar ever glorious and memorable, which will form the
roost brilliant speech in the history of the Monarchy,
stmt in the annals of the reign of our pions and august
Monarch. Dirt John VI., and which, presenting to ad-
vt.:ring Europe the trolly prodigious result of an ener-
: peke!, but peaceable effort, will regain for the Porto-
fraese the name and the glory which our preceding mis-
fortunes have obscured awl almost extinguished.
" In your hands, Gentlemen, are now placed the fate
ref this tuagnauimons nation—the happiness of our be-
loved and common coantry. The seal and patriotism of,
• the Portugnemcontiole in your virtue and wisditm. They
• •will• oot be deceived in their choice, nor disappointed in
- . their hopes.
" The Clovornannit, after having at the Holy. Altar re-
tuned tine thanks to the Sovereign Author of all Uooil,l
'. And humbly snpplicating him to he pleased to pour
down upon you the spirit of wisdom and prudence, so
• reetosary for the accomplishment of your arduous and
• ar..loliosie 'duties, . comes to congratulate you on your
• • happy meeting, and considers itself as fulfilling one of,
-• iss roost important duties and noble offices, by recoil:-
, i-emling to pitt errand solicitude the interest and the
. destiny of an illustrious people which desires •and de-
• Sr•riP4l to be happy.
la the mind* and hearts of the Portuguese are en-
. reared two fundamental principles, which they have
loudly proclaimed to the whole woad, on which the
rblic happinesa must repom,•and which we ail swear
• to maintuon—usbsolienee and fidelity to King Joh* VI,
• real to iris augnst 'lvo...sty—the pure anti sincere proles...
aim; of the holy religion of our forefathers.
a The first ensures to
,us, by till virtues hereditary ill
• tf;fi hOtite of Rtagansa, the sweets of a paternal governs
pent ; the si.cooill offiee
.ns the firmest
.sapport of one
Pilings* in the maxima of a divine inowality, which so
..• •
real. adapts and. ideetifies Until with the necessities.'
• seniiiiients of man.
" It is on these Toutiolatioris, that the majestic edifice
of the Portuguese constitution must rise, which, keep-
i in view the sacred rights of civil liberty, of pro-
, .porty, of thee safety of the citizens, has to trace, with a
t:rm and steady hand, the invariable line of demarcation
*:Mich is • for ever to divide law from arbitrary will,
power from olNpotism, liberty from licentiousness, obe-
d•ence from slavery.
When this great work has been profoundly medi-
tated, and wisely developed and executed with the atten-
tion which the state and circumstances of the nation re-
euire—with the energy which its urgent wants demand
—.with the prudence and circumspection which belong
to the superiority, or (if I may so speak) to the imps-
, sals'e independence of the legislator—then the Peertu-
purse, restored to their rights and to their dignity, will
iesittne the place which belongs to them among civi-
.ll,!eil, free, anti independent nations : under the shelter
• o•f peace and domestic felicity, they will see those poli-
tical institations fionrish, which render a nation great
aml respectel. They *ill form round the august throne
of•their Monarch a firm barrier, initially inaccessible to
internal passions, the enemies of social order, and • the
, 'sternal attacks of any ambitious and usurping power ;
And nobly proud of the just and precious liberty which
their worthy Reprelentatires have known how to at--
co:ire and ensure to them, they will transmit to poste-
rity the 1141111eS of the fathers of the country; covered
with a thonsand benediction', and accompanied by the
most affectionate and most glorious reoroltections.'
" Such are the happy efforts which the governmeo.
angnrs and hopes of your wise deliberations—of your
enlightened seal—of your consoornime prudence, and of
your eminent virtue. It is shortly going to conclude the
sioemorable and difficult functions with which it has
hitherto been charged, and esteeming itself happy in
harng maintained peace and .public tranqnillity, it pro-
fits by this opportnuity again to address•tbe sincere ex-
pressions of its prai,e, and thanks to all classes of citi-
'arms to whom, under the favour of Providence, so extra-
ordinary and invaluable a blessing. is due. Mar that all-
:wise Providence grant that this heroic nation may attain
arch enjoy, for many centuries to come, the felicity which
it in •rits. and whirls the eminent qualities of its illus-
teiole representatives so largely promise.. May our
adored Monarch, condescending to the public wishes,
and sanctioning by his Royal assent the work of the
national wisdom, come add occupy. loe throne of love,
loyalty, and gratitude, which is prepared for him in the
beans of his people; and may we all, united in fraternal
concord, and terspeocally -bound by the sacred ties of
love to one country, one day rejoice in our happy Hate,
bless the epoch of our rggirtreration, and give worn ly ex-
amen of newton& reniotesi,posterity.
After this speech, which was generally applauded,.
his Freshener declareM the Cortes to be installed t anti
the Presltleat.theisited thd govneimeat. in the name of
the nation, for its 'abuses in so *ranting a crisis.
The members of the oposeranteet then withdrew, and
horse who were &petits west load tee& Stork seats as
sueh. The *kedge of the &eshot foll Owed ; the choirs.;
fell on the A rehhiehop of. Bahl votes .it 01.74.
The Presideatis to be chosen mtatly.'4‘
M. Deputy. Ma-
noel Fernando Thomas was elemeti Vice-president ; and
four Secretaries were also ehosra. The assembly proieeded
to deliberate whether flies ithould immediately chooM a
"new esecutive goreriminit f but ij beintlate, it was
solvert to defetlhis till. sibitiot lay, and.. a decree
was partied Wit Mt abletereromiellt should eon-
Witte Wernicke it; . thilaterim.

•
imet4 tikVof frig coßrss.
•• • •
misoN morning at ten o'clock the
. his "
• - /fa
