! j

the moneddor legislative ikldit rendered now mere
fertile in senatorial prurience, by the corrupt su-
reties. In short, this dire visitation, which ap-
pears, at bat view, calculated to evtinguish the
independesey of man in society, will ultimately
serve only to =mod his intellectual faculties, and
make him reflect to whom tho State or Govern-
meet of the country in which he was born belongs—
Not to lAN* SIDMOUTH, CAIITIARRAGN„ LIVER-
POOL, and HARROWIT ; nor to Mr. CANNING : no,
sot to the PRINCR REGENT himself, even when
be shall be Kiss ; but to the rtori.c of GREAT
BRITAIN.

There has nothing happened foe a long time
which has given as so much disgust as the decla-
ration of a weak but presumptuous Peer (who
can call him a Nulrlewian ? we cannot)-4bat two
of his, Leed CASTLEREAGH'S and Mr. CANNING'S,
Bills have already done much sen ice! if it were
so, we should indeed have a poor opinion of our
countrynsen, and say they 4esene the este that is
weaving for them. That fate is slavery, downright
!Allied slavery. Our Ministers, and our rich
fellow-subjects, Will rather submit to the decree
than run the hazard of a revolution ! The venal,
the corrupt part of the press, is leagued in the
work. The men at the head of our Couriers, our
Pools, our Nno Times, &c., consent to labour in
the good work, feeling then:H.4%ls as much com-
mitted to hatred and hazard as Ministers them-
selves ; and they have not the honesty nor man-
liness to confess that they have as unwarily (if they
please, as i njeriously) , advocated the designs of those
who must now enslave the country to preserve
their own lives. What a powerful body then has
freedom to contend against ! It would seem next
to impossible that it can escape. We have long
said that our Court has either expressly or tacitly
fallen into the views of the " Holy Alliance." The
Emperors, Kings. and Princes of Europe, have seen
with apprehension that RF.VOLLTION is main the
tour of the world. They are natundly afraid o
its effects: they cannot stop its progress without
giving eigi eousething to the people, which they are
not Alin to do ; or biking something from them
eritidt fey ceased well do, unless England is low-
ered IS bar sentimeuts on freedom. Princes natu-
rally Mats the sound or name of liberty, yet they
cannellini) ruin it: they absolutely must have sore
aid to *et it; and as their Ministers are to be their
chief NAB of tyranny, they commit the mealier
of their dark designs to crafty men, to men with-
out IMMIOur and conscience. It would be easy to
;namee this in three of the great Courts on the
Continent at this day, where the chief olkes are
Oiled by personages unknown in their respective
countries twenty years ago. Great Mawr, sm
moment, has a eel of the most artful men in rule
that ever afflicted a once happy country. Their
names are unknown in the history of England
they are like the Ministers of Louts XI., men cot-
Ilipt in principle, and base ; or, at best, low is ex-
Mast.
_sue men, capable and willing to give a
sew character to the Government of their country.
1, Not an individual is there among them who Wards
I his Prince or the people the security of a name or a
family for the preservation of his own honour. No
Russets, no SPENCERS, no llowsens. DO CAI•EN-
DISHES, no FITZWILLIAMS, no an. thing that in
plies security for the integrity of their designs, o:
the safety of the country ever which they have ar-
legated the sway. Nothing can let down the fe-
-1 potation of the before-mentioned truly great Mimes
II
le much, in our idea, as their consenting to stand
her and let these British juggkrs play with the
golden cups and balls of this rich and credeloes
nation : for such it is, although the State is nearly
bankrupt, and the one-half of the people nearly
Swished. Is it not sufficiently apparent tbat these
AMA is power are every day, in some shape or
Mho. perverting the forms of justice to oppress
Ilhe kirsimi and protect the guilty ? Why, then.
demand • high-minded Aristocracy interfere f and
whist is an Aristocracy without high-mindedness
but splendid contempt and illustrious folly. Why
do not a posse of those above the suspicion of
selfish and sinister designs, rush into the PRINCE'S
• ace, though Mr. NASH, the architect, or Mr.
1101iTZ, the tailor, were closeted with him, and
se- Sir, illeklif•rsor isaasarritav Couxis-• -

mid weans% insist upon preserving your bower, by
ting it from the entanglements of Ministers
:Clive woo to lost."

Mr. VANIIITTART, our wonderful Floattrier, is
kept in considerable countenance by observi.,
that his el-dermal brothers in Holland ate pet to
equal dillculties with himself to raise tha needful. If
Mynbeer -Jan-Ven-Tim-Tarn-Ta -Ra - Ls-ra-Let kg-
Her-Vae-reignwell bad a purse as bong a!
as.., his present Majesty of the N
1 would be likely to see the bottoms of it ere long.
1 The patriotic senators of other countries can make
sensible observations and put shrewd questions, as
well as those dour own country, but it is notquile
maga whether with as little 'feet as here. " If,"
mid M. Hennyurn, " we are not able to cover our
1111411111 M. in a time of profound peace, what shell
IRO de hi time of weir We defy oar Lotto Coss-
OSUMI (the law grade of this age) to lay dews
a dearer
of et the we. Bat the feet is, all the
Goverements of Preps have fee wed with No
*set er the orpores of the late war ; and no-
Ildag but a little owl reaming of the people, after
dm Meeting warm of the pathetic Onlehnna.
Me. Sill ?Villa If, sae bring thew he theiceeenra -

Pm

TW
• IR elbil
11101.1

.1
Ohms
*Nig 1
• aka. I
amg.4

im

kisli
sins
—ti
OM
Seci

Jar
dee
h,"4

• mei

r

liasignigiai
,
lir
