'rHF STATESMAN.

Ow cabs!. of year Coal have Vre'Velied. We have to
tLreuith revert to year Majek.ty. end to sane..
• by ror signature, sr.s which we 1444100V]. We
s• null) !sloe ser.r;fict.sl our Wes in ) our Majesty
and miss' r), but those who are Wear your Majesty
know that the revolution which ilichy would eicite,

ALL THE RISE N CONSOLS ABOVE 104 WILL
BELONG To THE HOLDERS OF TICKETS OR
SHARES OP TILL STUCK PRIZEs IN THIS Elf -
TERI', 11430 *ILL BP. PAID: TtIEIR VALI/WIN
INOVLY. IP PREFERRED. ALL_,TIIE SPITAis
MAY RE DRAWN ON rtmsDAY. YHE 7T I ar
N OrEmaEft, . r

isileld wren's(' the vessel of th! state %Sib flew

p• rile; I%st thi would give to facttoitt, ti *horn
)ou ore op.•irserl, the means of seeking atesting
play- helloed the legitimatt. authority of your Ma.
jrity ikEit they would raise preteoders to the throtti
• e ori are s it is not by mitts fat-
tiun4hisS. yout:ll.4erstit cuasht to reign. but by 6 GM.
✓.0416.44 by rope prerogative. gergnized and ems,.
-Vistaed. Let that faction tremble and suspend their
elforts ro-eutritiewhe—possion hi their piece. Their
agents would bet he first victim'', arta they would Cause
tltr greislot, misfortodet,•o your ttlajertty-
.s. We•are therefore coverinced that we can no
lamer contribute to the welfare of your subjects, that
we cannot toter,' tee Stop in tee spirit of the Coen-
cils %ENO] dirert your Mtrjestv. Your sistlom will
daehtleas do more than our zeal tool our efforts to
retnerty the rills wh:cir afflict the ittte, we there-
fore vrorture to supplscate you to believe in the re-
gr..ts that we experience, in not being able any longer
to contribute to serve you, and in the wishes that MP
hive forised for the prosperity of your House, and
for th safety of the country." • •

li.le

n. Ifat4
11.111 Z
....... 1 •
0 . •• • oe: - • it .

Lvaii.-.1/4J4 at U. PlalkOiliess.

STATESMAN.

LONDON F

11131111XUAT OCTOiLIk 13, 1313.

Paris, Oct. 13. ,
The speech'of the Count d'Artois yesterday, in the
Chamber of Peers, has produced the liveliest interest.
--lie began by asserting, that if the two Peers who
male a • reservation as to the oath, had offended,
which in his mind was doubtful, their offence arose
from the noblest of all motives—an ardent zeal for
the Catholic religion ; he asserted that the prosperity
of the Catholic religion and. of France were insepara-
ble from each other, and that the highest honour to
which sr Frenchman should aspire, was that of being
a good Catholic and a loyal subject of the most Chris-
tiso King. lie entered at great length into the mi.
series suffered by France for several years back, all
of which he attributed to the decay of the Catholic
faith ; and concluded, that in order to secure public
tranquillity, religion must be placed upon a basis
which cool& n {Oder be shaken by rebellion and
atheism ; he. sIMS that to the King alone belonged
the power' 'Ong who shookd sit in the Chamber,
and who 022 ti tol, and warned thenragainst passing
A
any resottitiTri irh might, in any manner, interfere
with thelicfili, rerogative, as it was probable the
two Members'i lion might soon take a share in
the tliscessioim in pport of their own rights, which
the derirei II om the Chamber but from the
Kink The is said to have spoken with
great Wits, ; at what made it most interesting is,
that it bcp• born considered as the prelude to a
groit Are in the condition of the Clergy and
the.,Rottstilution of the Church. This is thought
tikl.."ore proliatile'•*froin the publication (as it
is.teidg wider lac auspices of Monsieur), of a
likabildielv .h, a Priest, in w•i eh the two Chant.
lii.ri! -are called' upon, ender Inin of incurring
the guilt of sacviirge, to restore the Church proved),
corite.c.ted duri•ig the Kevoiuti. 0 ; no one replied to
Gr. speech. 1 who *Tyke aft‘ 1 him PTPII Silldi-
ottsly milderl a, out to NO most decided ~• ttl,_
woes he bad .espresse The Peers nave touch more
weight with the publicAlish the Daptis;es; they are
considerfill• to possess an infinitely rester proportion

•
EXECUTION OF GENERAL FORUM
*A Corrinna Mail has at. length airiied, end tf-
moved all doubt as to the fate of the gallant, the pa=
triotic, but unfortunate General ['tauten. He has
fallen the victim of his laudable enterprise, and a
prey to the remorseless tyranny, the jealousy, and
dissentions, which now devastate and distract his
unhappy country. The sanguinary tyranny which
'he sought to overthrow, end the savage barbarity of
priestly vengeance, have had a triumph—may it
be as momentary as the psegs of their brave victim I
They have inflicted on him a devil of ignominy,—
the Marquis, who has done so much for his country,
has perished by the hands of the common hangman,
without a trial—but the glories that attend the death
of the Patriot are not eclipsed by such malice as
this—the cause in which he has fallen, has sanctified
his end, and Spain, if she deserves to be free, will
sigh over his grave that she has lost a deliverer,
and lose no time in avenging his fate on the authors
of her shame and oppression.
The Mail was brought by the Speedy packet, ar-
rived at Falmouth from Corunna, in two days and a
half. The accounts, thee furnished of the total
failure of the expedition, correspond with those pre
viously received, and, together with the particulars
of FORLIER'S fate, are subjoined. Having been ar-
rested by the Subalterns of his own army on his
march against Santiago, he was conveyed to Com.'
na, where he was hung the 3d inst. without trial.
Above 100 Officers were under arrest, and the troops
dispersed. General ROMANI (first in command on-
der General Po nmen) turd his Aid-de-Camp escaped,
and have come over in the Speedy. They represeut
the country to be in a state of great confusion.
A Proclamation by the Minister at War, ascribes
the success of the Government in yelling this insur.
rection, to the benign interference of the Virgin of
the 11,,sary; end FERDINAND wilt no doubt regard it
as a very mindful return towards himself, on the part
of the Virgin, for hying trimmed her petticoats so
well, as his tanthooriog Majesty is said to have lately
done.

. .
OP ettle.•f and .r.cpui,llloll. N.,:rii,ig interesting his A
very affecting letter from Genets! Poetize to
yet occured i in (hamper of Diooties ; the public
our extracts. .
Sittings commence Mt wcek ; it; is suplioseil tliit his a ife, is given iii
the trial;-of the o persons priri Pied for their adhesion COILUNNA, OCT. 11—After the arrest of General
to Booms-.rte n.:l be cooltaeocod immcdiateiy. The Poilier at Santiago, where he was thrown into the
new Minicters havellikome somewhat less popular ; prison of the Inquisition, he was brought here on
about 'hired. )z. sillef.' almost all the Onoksellerc shops the „Gt. September, with some Officers of his party,
and pilot shops %Pie ri..:orously searched by the Po. .
and hanged in the Campo de la floret, on the 3d inst.
lice; a great ouinber of pamphlets and caiicatures
The following is the Proclamation addressed by
were seized, • stneog ethers the Memoirs of Canto,
which bad continued :o be sold pi iv aely ; several de-
trim to the Junta of Seville :
famatory caricatures were also discovered ; but what' " Masv Ittass-retous Sernooss!—The deplore.
has given the greatest offeoce is, the seizure of a de- ble and depressed situation in which the nation hes
sign of a motioiroitt to the old Gnarl', priiils of been for this year past, and the conviction I feel
which were exhibited in all the shops. A printseller that the people, at the same time that they value
iii one of the obscure streets of Pali% continued to
i-
their own felicity, desire, f possible, to main.
eshibi: it, either from ignorance or obstinacy, after
the iader for its suppression; he was arrested by tain the most constant fidelity to our beloved
the Police and carried oil' to prison, where he , King and Master, Dun Ferdinand the Seventh,
still continues. Public tranquillity has, however, and desiring on my part to contribute to the one
not been disturbed for the last three or four and to the other, since I cannot but be extremely
days. The removal of the pictures and statues was sensible to the evils which this people suffer; I have
the cause of the temporary disturbances which
resolved, at the request of the troops which compose
took place; at present almost every thing worth
taking has been removed ; so frivolous and fickle are , the army of this kingdom, to execute the change
the F each, that they have nearly forgotten already : which circumstances point out as necessary and con.
this triumph over their national vanity. It is re. 1 formable to the general will. lit consequence I have,
potted over and over, that the Prussians are to be i assumed the chief command, ad interim, of this army'.
replaced by English troops ; but still the roads in the I
' and kingdom, under the forms prescribed by the
meighboite urrel of Paris are covered with Prussians,
Constitution of the Spanish Monarchy, sanctioned'
end large trains of artillery, on their way to the ea- 1
pita'. A great number of French officers bate left iat Cadiz ; and I shall employ myself in restoring, as
Paris, some by order of the Prussian Governer, and much as possible, the rational and temperate liberty
oteers in disgust, et their reception by the Princes.— which the same Constitution bestows un the people;
A French Colonel called upon the Duke of Berri, to as-sits basis and foundation of the general prosperity. '
offer his services to the King; the Prince at first
That these measures may take effect, the Juntas will
received him wilh great politeness, but observing that
proceed immediately to direct the public opinion se-
ttle Officer errs lame, lie asked him where he had
been wounded ?—The Colonel answered, at the battle cording to the tenor of the slimed Proclamation and
of Mount tit. Jean—" What," said the Duke of Manifesto, establishing, as far as possible, the usages
Berri, " and you come to me to solicit a reward for
and regulations marked out by the Constitution, till '
having been an armed rebel—it is thus that they de-
,the meeting of the Provincial Deputation, which will
ceive Kills." henceforward take upon itself all these cases. The'
The Duke of Wellington, immediately after his
people, depending on this illustrious Junta, must be
for
returnthe frfirst tiom Dimejon,after hi appeas
• reddventure in at the Ita lithe Kung's
informed of the justice and moderation of my ope.
hex; all eyes were fised upon him when he (altered I rations, the sole object of which is to deliver them
his box, but %ohne any signs either of approbation from the heavy yoke of slavery, which they them.
er.disapprobatiou. It seems his going into the King's i selves hare shown such an eager desire to throw off;
boa arose from the box-keeper mistaking it for the , of the receipt of this, for its punctual and exact execu.
Duke of Berri o, into which the Dike of Wellington .
lion, you will give me, Gentlemen, the due advice,
required to be admitted. Madame Catalani's tooter. :
causing it to be circulated and posted up iu all pub.
taking is net likely to be very successful. When she'
sings the house is full, but when she does not they lie places of the district.
I
sing io almost empty benches. The prices are very I. " God p many years,
low, compared with those of the Italian Opera in I reserve you, Gentlemen,
(Signed) s " JUAN DMZ PURIM:ft.
London. I •' Corunoa, Sept.. 13, IBM
i " Ti the Members of the Junta of the City of Seville."

-
Tneldly week, as a femsle servant of Mr. Sutton';,
The late Get,. Porlier left orders in his testament,
of Sentby, was digging potatoes in a field, she
found a gold noble, the hilt coiasze of Edward the that he should be put in a chest lucked with s key,
MAW. and that this Owed be evett to his wife, with e

handkerchief steeped in his last tears, aad that when
circumstances should permit, he should be placed In
a panthein, with. the following inscription :
" Here repose the ashes of Don Juab Wes Porlier, General
of the Spanish Mimes, v. too was fortunate in v. hat lie under-
tokitirgainst the eie.saies.of his country, and died a .victim of
cisil &orations.
" Feeling souls, respect the ashes of no unfortunate.
" oc7oara 3, 1815."

" My lizt.otto Wire ! The Almighty, who dis-
' poses of men according to his will, has deigned to
call me to himself, in order to give me, in eternal
life, that tranquillity and ease which I have not en-
joyed in this world. We are all subject to this neces-
sary corxlitibn of nature, and therefore it is Useless
to griete when this hour approaches. On this ac-
count I most tenderly beseech you to receive this last
blow of the ill fate which has persecuted us, with the
staanie tranquillity and serenity as I retain while
writing this to you. Be not afflicted at the kind
..or death they inflict upon inej since it can die.
honour only the wicked, but corers the good with
honour and glory. I repeat to you, that if I take,
with me any consolation to the world of truth, it hr.l
that of being remitted, that obeying me at this
moment, as you hare always done hitherto, you will
be consoled and resigned to the will of Ged, which
is the supreme law of all mortals ; in the sequel you
will receive my last will, which you will endeavour
to fulfil, as far as po,sible. Father Sanchez, who
will be the bearer, a Monk of our patron St. Atom
, titie, will deliver you this, and will communicate
you sedulity other things, which I confide to him
under confession. I again recommend you to cot►.
form to what I desire, since the contrary, besides
being prejudicial to your safety, will not tend to the
good of your soul. Adieu! receive the heart of
• your husband.
" Oct. 2, OneVelock at night.

I, J. C. de Ls C."

A Notice of the ht of October, from Mr. Joseph
Pesci, Governor of Sontiogo, contains the copy of it
letter from the Minister at War, of the 24th of Sep-
tember, in which he announces the high satisfaction
of his Majesty with the behaviour of the public au.
thorities, the officers and troops, and assuring them
of his Majesty's gratitude for their servicts.

The Park Papers of Sunday last have just arrived.
The public Sittings of the Chambers hare not )et
commenced, hut the Papers continue to supply some
particulars of the proceedings. The Houses met as
usual on Saturday, when the Deputies voted an
Address to the King, after a long discussion, in
which we are given to understand considerable oppo-
sition was made to one of the projects subtnittcd.—
Under the plea of not being sufficiently qualified,
no less than seventeen of the ablest and most inde-
pendent of the Deputies have been rejected by the
Chamber, or rather by (he secret and ever-rcling in-
' fiernce which is new regulating its machinery. The
real cause of this despotic proceeding, which cannot
be covered by the flimsy veil attempted to be thrown
over it, is to be found in the political characters of
the persons whose functions are suspended, end the
nature of the system attempted to be established.—
Among the rejected Deputies, we find the cele-
brated names of the Duke of OntaNro, Faatr-
cutouts, &c. men chose greatest disqualification is
their not according in political opinions with the
views of the royalists. These exclusions are said to
bare naturally excited universal disgust in the public
mind; end certainly the state of public confidence as
indicated by the public fonds; which are still de-
clining. gives reason to believe that no great reliance Is
placed is the Government, notwithstanding its ef-
forts to procure unanimity. The subserviency of the
Upper-House to the will of the Allies is not less re-
markable. CIIATZAVIIRIAND, the Priest and Quack,
who is now seated there, has the matchless effrontery
to reprove his fellow Peers for not being more speedy
in offering thanks and benedictions to the King—
lest the Allied Powers take umbrage, and not be
quite so favourably disposed towards them as may !
be desirable !

The following are from the Papers received to,
day .

PARIS, Ocr.
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, Ocr. U.
PRESIDENCY OF M. LAISNE.

The Chamber as,embled this day in bureaux, oc-
cupied itself with the appointment of three Com-
missions, to wit : that charged with revising a pro.
ject of an Address to the King, that of Petitions,
and that of accountability.

The Commissioners for the Address are M. M.
de Trinquelague, de Bouville, bellert, Counts de
Mangy and Dintligne de Mc) tied, Prince de
Broglie, de nomad, Et erne Feuillent, mid de Serre.
The Members of Committee of Petitions, no-
minated for a month only, are M. M. Coitlier de
Moret, Daldeguier, de Grosbois, de Foucaud, de
Try (President of the Tribunal of Ist instance at
Paris); Piet, Advocate (Deputy of the Srirthe); 1,0
Merchant de Gomicourt, Viscount de Castelbajac,
and Baron de Coupigny.
There was distributed amongst the Members a
complete list of the Members, whose powers have
been verified and found regular.

There are 17 whose admission has been adjourned,
to wk :

M. M. Flaogercues, de l'Aveyron ; Rolland, des
llouchsta-du-Rhane; Maecarthy, de la Charente.
Inferieure; Gaudily, des Cotes-du-Nord ; Faydel,
du Lot; Noes d• Lot-et-Garoutto; Fiooto du

Mont-Blanc ; Viry, du Mont-Blanc ; /done,
Haut-Rhin ; Count Fugues, du 'Wine ; the Dike
d'Otranto, Seine-et-Marne; !remit da Fonten.%
de la Meuse ; and Blonde! d'Aubers, Pas-de Coal,.
At half-past one, the labour of the Commission f„i.
the Address being concluded, the Chamber formed
itself into a general and Secret Committee to hear it
read.
IW. BULART, Reporter to (he Commission, pre.
sewed the result of its labours, which occasioned a
prolonged discussion.

The Seeretories, Editors, and the door-keoppts,
who have a tight to be present at the sect t delibeta.
tiOns, unless the Chamber decides to contrary,
were not admitted to the sitting.
11 appears that two projects of address were pre.
one of which especially occasioned a Hwy
seated,
sition.: The deliberations were for a moment
suspedded, during the revision of one of the pro-
jects, which seemed best to meet the views of the
Chamber. •

At five o'clock, the Address was definificoy
agreed upon. It will be taken op to the King by a
deputation of twenty-five Members, drawn by lot.
M. de Vaublanc, Minister of the Interior, a,.
sisted at the whole of the Sitting, which rose at half.
pot five o'clock, and adjourned till Monday morning
at el,ven o'clock.

.BIP

His Majesty, wishipg to give Count Lyneh smirk
of his high satisfaction for his honourable conduct
when he was Mayor of Botirdeaus, has appointed
him, by an ordinance of the 11th inst. honorary
Manor of Bourdeaux.
A Treaty of Commerce is spoken of with the F.eg.
fish, which is connected with the general courer,t'ans
respecting Peace, and is to be signed at the sate
time.

Many proprietors of national domaies hare re-
ceived letters which are calculated to alarm them,
respecting tbe intentions of Government. This
odious mariestavre is resorted to by those enemies of
order who seek every means to (usable it ; bet the
Government will discover the authors of these criai.
nal letters, and will order prosecutions to be kali.
toted against them as disturbers of the public tree.
quality.

There was to-day at the Museum a guard composed
of Foi,lish acid Austrians.
C.sar.snitut, OCT. B.—The fresh adjournment of
the Germanic Diet to the lot of December, is an-
oounved in .1M official manner.

N Sm. 28.—The employment, well di.
rected, of the public force, supported by the cilia
guard, will be sufficient for the re-establishment of
order. The people of the country, whom they seek
to seduce, and to make regret the loss of the former
Governmint, remain onshaken.
A proclamation of the General Commandant,
threatens with the most severe punishments of the
galley's and banishment, every soldier who, not being
in his Majesty's service, should keep back his arm',
and not restore them in three days' le the local au-
thorities. •

An Order of the Day grants in einilesty to all the
soldiers who shall return to their colours.
His Majesty has appointed a Commission for the
reriaion of the penal code. It is said that torture
will not be reestablished, and that the octal forms
of proceeding will be continued.
A protest of the Holy See is spoken of against the
104th article of the Act of Congress.

FRrNCU Fusiss-5 per Cents-58 f. 23 c. 57 f.
70 c.

The letter of are late French Ministers to Lows
XVIII., on giving in their resignation, will be
found at length in another part of our Paper. Its
interest has not yet ceased, for the bold truths
which it speaks, and the causes which deprived
France of a Government in w Ida it could confide in
the midst of all its misfortunes, are too durably
written, and too strikingly exemplified in the situ•
tion of that country, and the cabala of the party
who now govern it, to allow us to doubt the allega•
tions in this important State Paper,
or to regard it
as a mere historical document.

It has been the custom with the Earl of Batons-
WATER not to grant any leases of his farms, but tope
all his tenants notice at Lady-day to quit at Michael-
mas ; the consequence has treert, that a great pro'
portion of the farmers have this year taken the hints
and given up possession to his Lorchhip; so that
only a very few terms remain in cultivation, tenants
not being to be found for the others,
lion •f at least one-half of the former rents is rob•
milted to. unless a retlatd,

The Gazette of St. Petershurgh, of the Bth of ScP•
(ember, gives us the state of Russian manufactures
for 1815. In the different provinces of this "St enl,"
Ore, there are en u merated 181 manufactories of woo'
len cloth, 150 of silk, 370 of hats, 247 of tallow god
was candles, 61 for melting tallow, 186 of Nl° nt
275 of cotton, 80 rope-works, 1318 tanneries, 67
piper mills, 14 manufactories of potash, five 0( (0-
' herrn, si x of snuff, 48 sugar-refineries, two manufac-
4ories of powder and starch, 30of vinegar and sprit`'
25 of lace, 25 Of colours, five of sealing-was, 14 of
vitriol and sulphur, 199 of needles and pins, 1380 f
glass and crystal, 16 of porcelain and china WRIT,
43 of copper and brass, three of pipes, in short 3251
altogether. In 1811 there were 1312, the numbr:
has thus increased 931 in two years.
THE BAKERS' ASSIRE..--BREA D.—According to
the Assize Tables lately in ab-use, the price of l"
best Quartern Loaf (Wheaten), would not no
10.1 d. for the ensuing week, commencirg en Ttw
day next. •
