THE STATESMAN

winninft-
otbsr States. If then, convinced as we mast be of this,
we suffered them to continue in the sane wretched state
of dagradatioo. our guilt was increased a hundred-fold.
/twits tint in reference to the physical state alone, not op
the giimuds Of food or clothes, that he wished for the
termination of their sufferings; no, it was frogs higher
and more important motives that he felt a deep interest
in their fate. They were created to a higher destiny,
and yet they were reduced to the level of the brute. A
snidest more serious than. this.jould eat engage the ate
sPettlon tlfrarti4Mini; -Tie geed but recal to mind the
situation in which he atone thirty or fatty years ago,
.wheat first he proposed-the abolition of the there 'hada'
He recollected the prejudices with which hei•hed to coo-
tend Ile was asked by a man of great sagacity if be
veer hoped to curdy the question; to which he replied.
'that-such a cause was sure to be earned in this country.
lie then appealed to principle, which always bad a mire
''hold upon the people of Ergiend, as the event proved:
If the measure bad such prejudices to contend with then,
and yet succeeded, bow much more sanguine otHebt he
*to be now, when these prejudices were nearly dissipated,
of the final abolition of • system so revolting tabus's.
airy? The Honourable Member concluded by sitylag,
titit he would not detain the House longer, bat present
the. Petition. The Petition, embracing the principal
parts of the speech, was then read. and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. Secretary CANNING OW if the Trleciourable
etilithber intended to found any motion upon the Pet
titioo.
'Mr. WILBERPORCE wild that be did not, bet an
Non. Felted of his did. . , •
Mr. P. BUXTON then gave notice that, on the rid of
'April; lie would call the 'unitive of the House to the ge.
n-ral state of Slavery in the Colonies.
Mr. S RICE moved that the Bch and nth Reports of
the Commissioners of Inquiry in Ireland, together with
the letter of the Chief Baron of the Irish Court of Ex-
chequer, be referred to a Select Committee to.examine
and report thereon.
-.. The Committee was then *appointed, amongst Whom
• were the following Members:—
t Mr. Canning., Mr. Peel, Mr. 'Tierney, Sir James Mac-
intosh, Sir John Newport, Mr. Sergeant Onslow, Mr.
Vonlburn. the Solicitar-General, Mi. Nolan, Mr. Scarlett,
Mr. Denman, Mr. Banker, Mr. Wilberforce, and Captain
O'Grady.
. Mr. HUME said that, in consequence of the Society
for the Srippression of Vice, and the Society calling it-
self the Constitutional Association, hating usurped the
powers of the Attorney and Solicitoraleneral, be was iu•s
dured to move for the productiint of several papers, with
the view of founding a motion upon them. The Hon.
Gentleman then mewed for a return of the lumber of in-
dividuals Prosecuted, in England, Wales, and Scotlaad,
for libel, hlaeplietev, or sedition, from the 31st of Decetu-
her, 1812, to the 31st of December, 1822, distinguishing
the following particulars:—whether the prosecution was
cammenced by the Attorney or Solicitor-Oen-ral, or any
public hotly ; the individual's residence ; the character
of the olf. net, whether a crime or not—if a crime, the
county and coma where tried; the date of the trial ; whe-
ther seritted or convicted ; if convicted, what sentence,
and Rio date ; if acquitted, shen eeleasvd; and if not re- ,
leased, Shy detained.
Mr. PEEL said, that the object of the Hon. Gentleman
would be better retained if has Bodied his :notion to West.
miester Hall, otherivise l•onsiderabte delay would take
plane before all the returns could be made out.
Mr. HUME said, that he would be happy to do so if
be
papers, could; but as lie intende to found a motion upon
it might after wards dbe objected to him thatthe be
had only a partial return, and was drawing general con=
elusions from particular cases.--.lgreed to.
. , countries or surri.T.
Mr, LUSHINGTON then moved the Order of the Day
foe going into a Con/mate, of Supply.
On it being proaosed,that a vote of 620,000/. be grantsl
ed for defray ing tie extraordinary expeoses of the amyl
for 1823. . • 1
Mr. HUME regretted that there was only a decrees* of
8,11001. or 9:000f. under the head of the Colonies. In Joe
snake there was still a e arge of 114,e0w. for the 'memo,.
di nary expenses of the army; in the Cape of Good Hope
there was a disbursement (4117,000/. He was satisfied that
if the revenues of this colony were properly managed,
they would be quite sufficient to defrey au its expenses
without adding to the burdens of this country. With re•
gard to the lonian Islands. be objected to the large force
which was kept up purely for the purpose of keeping dews
the people. The protection of England was considered by
them as a curse—the conduct of Sir T. Maitland indefen-,
Bible, and the impression on the people of the island was,
that England wasoo: favourably disposed towards them.
The protection of England was accepted, with the hope
of the no e Constitution being afforded to them which
this country enjoyed. From the change in policy in our
Cabin, t, the force of 3,000 men might safely be with-
drawn. The I..nian people had hearts awl hands to de-
fend themselves, end did not require the pneection of Bri-
tish b iyonets. The only way in which he desired these
islands to be tetai eil by England rap, that of adding to
the comfort and happiness of the prop*. He objected
strongly to the Governor of Malta. who had a salary
of 2,1.":0/. oleo-, being the representative of the Govern-
Ment in the lonian Islands. There was a considerable
expense incurred for transpolting Sir T. Maitland from
one c Diana to the other. it would bare been well,
when he set out from Malta, that be was transported to
this ronntry issteati of the lonian Islands, and the ex-
pense as well as the character of the country saved.
With
regard to another place, lie objected strongly to our still
mainta uing the island of Heligoland. It might have been
li
useful, in dine ofwsr, to assist smuggling tato the Con-
tinent ; bat at present it was totally
.useless as well as ex-
pensive. lie objected to the mode in which thc pay of
Col. Henry Kenna uas introduce into the Estimates. He
also objected to the manner in which the agents of the'
Colonies were p lid, as their duty should be done by the ,
departments to which they severally belonged. He hoped'
that the military force in every Colony would be reduced;
• in particular, tl:e irbotemilitsry force at New Brunswick
could be dot* away with. as the militia of the island was
sptitd sufficient for its defence. He Could not avoid, in
conclusion, admitting that the estimates were brought
torsi-aril this year by the Hon. Swear, much more clear
and distinct than at any former period.
Mr. WILMOT said, that he could not be expected to
fellow the Hon. Gentleman through the entire of his de-
sultory statement. The first consideration with regard to
any colony was: whet*.er it wei really. advantageous to
keep it up ; and the next point, whether its administration
was establiahed on the most favourable grounds with
Hre-
e
gard to Its Safety, Ind the produce of its !event*.
' could not allow that the troops stationed iti the lonian
the
Islands were placed there either for keeping down
'in *pendent apiri‘ of the inhabitants, or that they
even contribided in the }east to do sn. He could
not -avoid expressing surprise that, under the pre-
sent circumstances Go Hon. Gentleman should have se-
lected this moment for Itis obseevations. The conduct
of the Gallant Officer alluded' to. was in every respect
worthy of his dharicter, and of the honour of the coun-
try. He felt peculiar satisfaction is saying, the lonian
Islands were never in -a more prosperous state than at
present. In referents to 'what had been said about Ca-
bala! Ageiate, he begged particularly to protest against
'• ibis posinbility Of their duty being performed by the Co-
Tidal . Ihe fact was. that the business of the de-
t
istrtatel . .' increased considerably: . With regard to
the genial t wet:tent of the Wooer,
lie assured the
Mon MOAN! aid
the House that all possible economy
was pat in priettc.e, and test on an enlarged and pro-
• specuve princte.

'

~r

sr. HUM R ex plaiped..So fattaahe had refet
amendeetOf the Galina Meer in the In
1:bo.
fatted no paucity of fads to corrobdrate his stntank.
god be weal prepared tope oie 01 bin allegatinits at sta.
1114meot to the Hanse. • -11/Ith regard to Mr. tfoarlay he
was a very oppresse I man. All that the authorities coeld,
lonieslikiedae was a troableeorne man. Why
blesome ohm may make himself very usefoL—(A
He Mr, ff.) spoke feelingly—(s laugh) ;'for liis own,
• towlines were pretty mach of the same
of
)- Hp still maintained the same opinion as heti*:
that freedom 'toad he given to the Causdasjoe wee"
tlt later,lf a-War tank dace, thesis celonies would fall. a
tidbit to the United Etenr. He pet it to the cosialart
Lion of the Hon. Secretary, if it would not be wise tot
range that the Canada*. should be declared a free state. at
MO onkel' leti years. -
Mr. OREN BENNE Tirade a few observaiontwhich
wets totaHy inaudible in the gallery. •
'Mr.WiLMOT end Mr. HUME enstoally explained.
Mr. WHAM` said,‘ Ishii regard to the casi of Mr.
GOarlay, he pledged himself to valve that there was no
foundedion for any of his complaints. If the case were
brought before the House he could show that not OW
slightest injustice was committed towards that individual.
• Mt. HUME wished that the Honourable Gentleman
would at once lay the papers before the House, and be
would undertake to prove the hardship of Mr. Gourley'*.
else.
Mr, WILMOT wse not wile that it was his province
to lay any papers relative to Mr. Gourley on the table.
If the Hon. Member for Aberdeen thought fit to
of the
move
for any, with the view of drawing the • attention
House to that Individual's complaint, heaves prepared to
meet him on the merits of the case.
Mr. HUME was not aware what papers be should
move for. If calling fur the correspondence could tend
to bring on adiscession on the actual merits of the ease,
be would move for it to-morrow.
The conversation then dropped, and the revolution
was *gyred to.
Mr. LUSHINGTON moved the next resolution, that
the sum of 2,5311. skald be granted for the use of the
Commissariat Department. • •
Mr. HUME rose for the purpose of objecting to the
somber of Commissioners and Commissioners' Clerks
which' were retained in the Colonies. For instance, in
the Camila, there were as many as thirty-eight om-
miesary Clerks; being in theleroportien of a Commissari-
at to every fifty soldiers. There was an equally unne-
cessary establishment in New Btunswick and Nova Sco
tie. Ile douhte.l whether there were so many Commis-
saries is all our Indian territory as in one of our Colo-
nies—such as Can ida, for 'meanie. The nuiliber of 13
Commis-aries and Commissary Clerks was altogether un-
accountable to him. .Ore third of .1* whole Loinniisst-
riot. Establishment might, be thought, be reduced in the
next year, with great benefit too
tght, the public, and without
auy prejudice to the busiuets of that liepartmen..
Mr. LUSHINGTON said that Governmeunt
ic wasi dhe is-
posed to make every possible saving to the pbln t
way of economy ; but it was neither Fosse le nor safe
to make such retrenchment as Honourable Members
desired.
The grant was then agreed to.
The suns of 82,00 C/. was voted for. Om Cotnmissariat
Department in Ireland.
A suns not exceeding 1,100.0001. was voted to pay the
Interest of Exchequer Bills.
On the question that 40,01,01. be eranted to defray the
expense of raising and repairing puldic works and build.'
ings.
Mr. 0. BENNET adverted to the neglected state of
the Royal Parks. Although those parks were generally
consid;re.l the property. of the Crown, yet they were for
the bent (it and convenience of the public. The parks
about the metropolis especially, were in a most dilapi-
dated condition. The Green Park, which used to be
like a green meadow, and served for the recreation of the
children and maids of the capital, was at present mass
like a farm-yard, and the lower part of it was impemable,
and a complete quagmire. The Regent's Park, Hyde
Park, and St. J-ames's Park were equally neglected
they resemblid the demesne of a man whose property was.
in Chancery. He tru-ted that !Whitten would give
some attention to the state of those parks. e was
the public would gladly submit to any reasHonablesure ex-
penses that would attend the improvement of them.
Mr. Secretary PEEL, said he completely concurred in
the 'observations of the lion. Member. The revenues of
:the parks were too limited for the purpose of keeping
them in proper condition, and no money could be thaw"
'from the public funds more beneficially than that which
would put them iu a suitable condition. He admitted
that the beauty of the Green Park was defaced by the
cows which were constantly kept on it. tie bad made
inquiries on that subject, as well as the Hon. Member,
and he understood that the gatekeepers, instead of at-
tending to the gates, were minding their cows. The sa-
lary of tlie gatekeepers was said to be so little, that they
could not afford to give up their whale time to their pro
per business, and no respectable persons would take their
situations with so small an income. He was of opinion
that the public would allow the application of any sum
that might be deemed necessary to pot those places of
delightful recreation into a suitable condition. At present
enough was said to call for inquiry and if the revenue
belonging to the parks was insufficient, he believed, there
would be every disposition to add to it from the public
treasury.
Mr. Alderman WOOD was anxious to transfer his
view from the Parks to the Prisons. Sums of money
were frequently voted for the repairs of the Kieg's
Bench prison, notwithstanding the large sums paid
there for apartments, and the fees of the Marshal. The
city of London, without any aid from the public, sup-
ported all their prisoners at an expense of about 22,0001.
a-year. The keeping of the prisons in repair also cost
about 12,0001. mote. All those expenses would make
about 34,002: , and yet the city never called for any aid.
The Fleet prison was in a low damp situation, anti he
hoped to see the day when it would be removed to some
mare airy plate, and he trusted its present site would be
added to tee m:aket, and a splendid market like that of
Liverpool erected in place of the present. The removal
of the prison and the building of such a market would
be a great improvement to the metnmolis.
After a few words from Mr. LUSHINGTON,
Mr. DAWSON said that, by the strict letter of the
law, the King's Bench prison ought to support itself
but slum the tire of 1782, the Government exempted the
Marshal from that expense, and voted occasional some
fur iii support.
Mr. O. BENNET cited a law which made it incumbent
on the Marshal of the Kings Bench to keep the prison
in repair. The salary of the Marshal was about 5,0001. •
year, Including fees, and lie was appointed by the Lord
Chancellor. lie did think that the appointment of an
officer with such a salary ought not to be intrusted to
any iudi victual.
Mr. DAWSON said that the salarry, of the
harshal,
beby
the returns laid on the table last Session, apps to
only 3,1001., and that was nit exorbitant, when one took
into consideration the risk that officer was subject to by
the escape of prisoners.
After a few words from Mr. R. SMITII,
Mr. HUMK said he could not conceive
Mar it was '
thought net eatery to give 3,1001.3-year to the shal of
the King's Bench, while the same number of prisoners
was kept in the city of London at a salary of 8001. He
though: all fees in the King's Beech prison oug to
abolished as in the city, and a person appointedht withbe••
moderate fixed salary. He did not mean that any measure
should be adted to affect the present incumbent, but at
his demise the
op
matter ought to be attended to. With rib

to tlml 1
idit`l3e

,poogirs, he would opposey ,
rthehr,oo, until the money derived map ,
tiedit'arasiaificeeted for. He and 401 h._
•flogekolle °Ten Park drew 1, .al iteno4r,
of
rating orr.
_ _Xt. ALL WOOD-said. -thorelort..:lli-Illiacatm4-
I:mpetralfiit:rerairrnlllisoleent Woes Court, das
118110000:unb'ecessrit ekfteiskeiasWlJk rt for the pur-
pew teli.lbt baybeen ItelaiLtimigiee.-
iiiiinio° wee more coavenient; as,4lwn nearer
thesPrierke-A •••VVII.I- a •.; i 1., -. ,o. , -
......Mr..111.1111E mmr..ntaz-kells-tesAileasciew-sw-hvge-ft-
s°m!vkittit ',leaf Olt kite 1 ottlintlied..llo'.lh6t mere
161 1) tis Mullet . tea • . P/C“ , (•*l.l llifil
.•
. VtititbMlVN :catwiliat the I,4oo.4ersied
tlSllge vote. ~;,.. , ~ • 1
' • 11 ,143TORAIENIMAI, said, that by an Aet
ofiaat.yeor it had been deciared.that a Conn was De. 1
irssary to accommodate the Comininion on the Insolvents.
'list Coon, It was, to be' observed., was % Court of Re-
cord; and it tees necessary,lorthe tete of g
savin expensed be
hithe enalitig of refesepees; that the Court shoul 1
near the Records,. •.• i ta i . ,
Mr. Ald. WOOD said they might have bad a room in
Guildhall, where one or two were generally unoccupied.
The vote was then agreed to.
The folloning sums weie also voted i
LOW. for defraying the extraerdinaryeapapseryof pre.
secutions for 1813. I 1
25,0001: for otltir kw cliorges. • ..... , .• •• .. '
62,0001. for *Going is a i maintain* convicts al
brittle.
18,0001. for the *sprees of *o Penitentiary attlill-
i
batik. • , .
Mr. BENNET harts detailid . estimate of the ex-
peoses of this estaltheliment.noidd be presented to the
House, before the general question respecting it came on
til be direly/se& ' i . •
Mr. Secretary PEElanid there would be no objection
tolprodnce the estimate alluded to.
A vote of 3,0001 a was proposed for defraying the ex•
penses of the National Vaccine•Betablishinent for 1823.
Mr. HUME objected to this Establishment altogether.
The benefits roof. wed upon the public by it, were by no
intim commensurate, with the expense. He mentioned
the Establishment at Walbrook, which inoculated more
persons last year than this Eslablisliment did from its first
fonudation. He wished the vote to be postponed amtli
comparative returns of the business slams by each of the
Vaccine Es.ablishipents in the metropolis were produced.
Mr. DAWSON defended the ,establishment on the
ground of its geoerel 'utility. It was the only source
from which the public meld expect, with confidence, the
propagation of exedra matter. He had no objection.
hoverer, to postpon the vote until the returns moved
for were produced. •
Mr. HUME objected to a charge of 8001. paid to
eight of the pistil'si practitioners in London. He
thought it was mean in such men to accept of 1001.
each. in Other particulars the money had beta misap-
plied. Dr. Jetliner withdrew his sanction front this es-
tablishment.
Mr. DAWSON thought the medical men were rather
entitled to praise, than deserving of erasure. Sir Henry
Milford, for instance, was paid 11101. is.vear for devoting
two boors in the week to this establishment; but would
it be denied, 'that if he employed the same time in ano-
ther manner, his remuneration would not be mach more
lucrative? •
Sir WILLIAM GUISE. that& the memory of Dr.
Jenne had been too long neglected. He would propose,
in addition to this grant, 5001. for raising a monument
to leis memory.
Mr. Ald. WOOD eulogized the National Vaccine
Establishment, and opposed the withdrawing of the
TO,e.
Mr. BRIGHT enforced the suggestion respecting the
monument to Dr. Jenner.
• Mr. BROODEN said it was contrary to the roles of the
House to Increase any money grant in a Committee of
Sup Wply.
Mr. HITMORE said he would double the 6001. for
raising a monument to Dr. Jenntr.
After some conversation between Mr. Secretary Peet
and Mr. Hume, an 4 a pledge given by the former, teat
the returns in question would be produced,. the vote was
agreed to.
A vote of 240.000, was then proposed for defraying
expenses incurred In the Abolition of the Slave Trade last
year.
Dr. LCSIIINOTON asked whether the sum was called
for upon an estimate of what the probable expense would
be this year, or by comparison with that expeoded last year'?
Mr. N. LUSHINOTON replied that it was fonned upon
the scale of last year. - .
Dr. LUSDINOTON then obseried, that takin into Sc.g
count the state of Europe for the present year. it was likely
that this sum would be too small for the purpose.
The vete was then agreed to.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT proposed a vote of 22,6001. for
maki?g good the deficieocy of the Fie Fund in the De-
partment of the Treasury for the year'lB23.
15,000/. for the same service in the office of Home Se-
cretary of State.
20,6381. for the same service in the office of Colonial
\
Secretary.
16.086/. for the same service in the office of Privy
Crooned and Trade.
10,000/. for expenses of Messengers' bills at the Tree-
SUM
Mr. HUME objected to the largeness of the grant.
He sated that the expenses of Messengers alone fur the
five offices amounted to 78,000/.
Mr. Molar stated the expenses of the Home Mes-
sengers, for salary, expenses, and emoluments, to be 1961.
17s. each per annum. The salary for Mrssengers sent to
Foreign countries was 3001. and a per centage. which,
operating as a stimulus to exertion, was f mud to be more
beneficial to the public than any fixed allowances. With
the exception of the charge of posting and some occa-
sional *variations, the charge had not varied much for
the lust half century.
. The resolution was then agreed to.
Ou a sum of 5040/. being moved to pay the salaries of
the Commissioners and clerks of the Insolvent Debtors'
Court,
Mr. Alderman WOOD objected to so large a sum of
money tang granted to support a Court, by which al-
most all the people of the kingdom declared In their peti•
lions to that House, they had been robbed. Ile could
see no occasion for three Commissioners; nor why such
tarns sums should he voted for Clerk..
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said the
salaries of the Commissioners were fixed, and that the
Va. Mess of the Court required the employment of several
clock,.
Mr. Alderman WOOD hoped the -Idea of building a
new Court in Lincoln's Inn Fields, at a great expense
to.the public, would be abandoned, as there were so ma-
ny convenient paces where the Commissionas might
field their actin,. The sum was voted.
On a sum of 50,0001. being moved for secret service,
Mr. HUME wished to know why the sum was increas-
ed this year by 10,000/. more than last year.
Mr. HUSICISSON replied tharthe increase arose out
of the peculiar circumstances of the counry.
The sum was voted.
On a motion to grant 3,300/, for the Support of Cri-
minal Lunatics,
Mr. HUME mentioned the case of a man named Mac-
intosh, who had beets tried for a capital °tinier, and was
now confined in consequence of the Jury having de-
clared him Insane. He wished to know whether this
,Man would be entitled to his liberty, in case the physi-
eine reported hint to be sane. as he underitood they had
dose.
Mr. DAWSONIaId the pigskins bid reported him t

(or yare I
het T►

• .--me---
CORTES,—Sertmen or WEDIVIIIDAY, MARC,' 5. • ::
...
• The Deputation cliorged to welt upon his elejeitir
with the emitter of the Cortes to his speech on the nisei,
log of the session; proceeded to present the: said martyr,.
Iris in the following terins r—
• e'lleivior,'LeThe great and noble sentiments Which ynnir
Msty has manifested to the Cortes, on the opening of
the ordinary seseiola of thefourth leeit-lat tire. could nos
fail to-excite in the breast; of the representatives of this
'mee' nation, sat onlf those feeling* of love and respect
which are due to tltreaugust person of your M ajesty, but
that degree Of confident* and security which is necessary.
again to encounter dangers, to save the country, ite d for
ever to consolidate, in an indefeasible manger, the tirrore
of which osurpetion would rob vote hut which the lose
of your subjects will preserve fur vets.
If the circumstances under which the 'Mega of this
I Legislature have Commeurcl are extraordinary, and pre-
, lent, as your Majesty has declare I, a vast field to the pa-
p thea li I lt people.
magnitude
uthey
f
twriaoitinsomt orafitlhteo reere:evnitheeittiv
s,ealaresrhetoB
the occasion, and to respond worthily to your Majesty's
who, in union with the representatives of his people.
thus knows how to mintier justice, independence, the
throne, his authority, and the decorum and diguity of the
nation which is entrusted to his care. This intimate and
*Viet anion will. happily resolve the great problem which
occupies despots and nations ; and a Monarch worthy of
a lead of freedom, combating the caprice and the erre.
gance of ambition and pride, will have the singular glory
of having, aloog with his suitjecta, defended the rights of
human nature, public liberty, and the independence of
-•
invitation, by followingthe glorious footsteps of a Prince,
nations.
" Theunheard-apretension weretain laws to inde-
pendent nations, would. lead, it not .risisted, to
the ruin and dissolution of all the states of Enrols+, and
an int..rtninable and exteriuiaating rrar m mild. redacts
that civilized ,teligiou to the condition of Asiaic bar-
barism. •
" Toss Majesty, fully convinced of the injustice and
monstrous nature of such pretensions, has given a suit-
' able reply to the notes of the Continental Powers of the
' Holy Alliance, showing them by your firm resolutioe,
that the nation you govern possesses too much con•
steney, valour, and experience, to submit either
tl• to ca-
price or to force ;—that it also possess... tizotir, at
knows its rights, and will nut permit them to be attacked
with impunity.
" I.he Cortes. Senor. have Loathing to add to the jest
reflections of your Majesty touching the conduct of the
Most Christian King. Continced with your otajeste
that it would be an offence against reason to refute er-
rors so anti-social, and that it weld ill become the Dee-
stitutional King of the Spaitis to apologize for our jest
cause to malice and hypocrisy, we need say rolling
more; but we assure your Majesty, that if the lust
I
reply to the-speech of the Most Christian Monarch be
the energy, firmness, and toustincy of your Cortes.
those Cortes, respecting the wisdom and profound Jule-
met of your Majesty, sill prove to the wh le world
that now in vain has your Majesty placed your hopes in
them; and that, without deviating from the path of tl e
law. and from what is due to your Majesty and to then.-
selves, they will know how, as they hitherto have
known, to prove themselves worthy of the heroic nation
which has confided to them its deitinies.
" The Cortes, Senor, never will forget the profound ob-
servations which were wade by your Majesty, and which
they take a pleasure in repeating. No—` Reason and
Justice will not show less courage than the gent''s oh er-
pressico and slavery. The cation which capitulet-s with
enemies whose bad f..itit is so notorious. is &heady
subdued. To receive the law which is ecdeavoerel to
' be imposed by force cf arms, is the extreme of ignominy.'
"These principles, Senor, form the rule by which the
Cortes sill direct their conduct; and, like your Majesty.
convinced of the firm and magraninente character of •a
nation so punctilious of its honour, so incapable of rout-
promisiog with injustice or infatny,so jealous of its rights
and so proud of the glory and the great actions which have
always distinguished it. they do tot doubt, that as it aut.
taine'd with so much constency and so many sacrifices, the
throne of your Majesty agsirst the formidable legions,
the cl osen captains, and the meitary genius rf the singe-
ler man who for a time humbled all the rest of Europe,
so willMlte nation in like manner defend, with the ran e
courage and patriotism. the dignity of your Majesty and
of your throne, the indcrudente, the rights, and the glory
of the country..
" If the nation performed so many prodigies when de-
prived of your Majesty's aid and co-operation, of what
, may it not be capable when ultimately. united with its
monarch, supported by the Constitution of 1812. end
when your Majesty is disposed ttecontrieute every effort
to realize the bop's in the fulfilment of which you place
all your welfare and ell rour prosperity ?
. " The liberty of your "Majesty. your security, and that
of your Government, are ebove all things indiapensehle
to this co-operation. The Cortes have in anticip ttioo
adopted measures fir removing to the point which yowl*
Majesty and your Government may consider most he, and
they do not doubt that your Majesty, convinced of thu
necessity of this measure, will carry it into effect with
the decision which the impedance of such a resolution
it spires.
" The Cortes have heard with the greatest satisfaction
all that your Majesty has communicate:l to thee- en the
zeal and activity with Which veto leuverr enent tee; eye.
rated the measures of tlte Cortes. for orgaeizine et
augmenting the army ; and they trust, ti irk
jesty, that the excellent service' atel s .1. Zt-,*. , 0 bieh ,;ie
'army every day obtains over thr 1 icii tis. , ee. troliout
doubt, the harbingers of more i:::• or:ii. . ttaunplis over
the foreign enemy. •
1 " The good spirit of the Provinces, the deception Unto
which many deluded persons have by doer-bought exp.'
rience been freed, end the pinviction of all, that Ilia
Constitution is the true aechor whereby the vessel of tire
State is to be laved from tile threatening tempest, leave no
doubt withethe Cortes of the cereinty of triumph: atrf,
like your Majesty, they are of opinion, that neither ;he
d nor tbe perverse will be sapable of alterine .' e
sentiments of this naitin,, which is not ascuttoe• .'
compound with injustice,
" Fin illy, the Cortes congratulate your liiajesty on
the happy result which the different branches of the
public administration present with regard to the Nowt ;
and, closely united with your Majesty, they sill uncea -
ingly labour, as well for the nadonaltlefenee as in the
consolidation of the system on which depend at once
the tranquillity, the glory, and the prosperity df the
country." The Deputation soon after returned, an I Senor Salts.
who beaded it, raid, " The deputation of the Cortes has
put into the hinds of the King, :he answer to his 51siet-
ty's speech which was read en the opening of the second
period of the legislature of the Cortes; and his Majesty
received the same oith his attcestnined goodness. The
deputation made hnue n to the King the regret of th.e
Cortes for his Majesty's inli oos:tion, sad titc!r anaie is
wishes for his toevalrsceuce."
