1.0 NOO V:
MONDAY, FED:WARY 27, 1815.

A llamhtirgh Mail, Brussels and Frankfort Papers, I
and Voris Journals to the 2lth, have arrived. The
intelligence from Vienna is to the .12th, at which
date, it is asserted, " all' the arrangements which
have irrevocably fixed the lot of the Continent were
signed." Lord CASTLEREAGH was to cot off on the
13th. He returns by the way of Paris, where he
was daily expected, to communicate with the French
Government. There is some rank stuff in the
Belgian Papers, which our 'friend the Courier
will doubtless save us the trouble of giving, about;
the Brigliah hlialaate having displayed " a seal, a
firmness, and a perseverance which has insured to
the States in which he has interested himself, the I
most brilliant destinies, and that svell-rogulated
belly. which alone can procure the happiness of
nations."—ls not this a brillittnt touch, Reader ?—t
ft is above the level .of the Dutch school, yet
can never be supposed to be French, for his Lord-
ship has certainly reduced France to sackcloth.-1
The French Papers have furnished rather a curious
history. of the Councils held on-the subject of the
Slave Trade, in which they ssy, his Lordship " in
vain made a pompous display of philanthropy, and
that it was thought to be visible, that he was more oc-
cupied by the interests of his own country, than by
the love of humanity." Now, this we ran hardly be-
lieve,any more than theDdtchman's flourish. HisLard-
ship's philanthropy may be vain enough, and the re-
sult of his" zeal, firmness, and perseverance," in the
cause of general liberty, may unfortunately prove it
to be so ; but that his Lordship has all along been
" occupied with the interests of this coontry" miy not'
be so evident, for assuredly his liberality in restoring
the French their West India islands, and the inten-
tint) whiCh we hear is cherished of giving bark the
I)ntch their colonial possessions also, does not seem
very much studying the interests of this country.
Bet a truce with " pompous displays of philanthro-
py" in favour of fore;gn objects. We want at pre-
Kent a little of the real feeling of charity and 'woes°.
!mice for objects nearer home, where we see enough
of slavery and human suffering to relieve. Whilst.
;uch !oilers are forging for the people of this soi di-
