THE QUEEN
--.410-

The following is her Majesty's gracious Answer to
the Address presented to her by a depueatice,
Ladies and Gentlemen, from the 1,430 Inhabitants of
the Parish of St. Puttslpls-without, Aldgate, 31idti•s-
sex, who eigntil the said Address
I thank most unfeignedly the Inhabitants of St. Ik.
tolph-Without, Alilgate• fur the loyalty and ,ires.tion
which they have manifested in this Adair's,.
When the hierarchy combined with my adversaries :n
omitting my name in the prayers of the Chnreh• a:
little thought that that omission would long
stain of disgrace npon those who thin; made themseltrs
instrumental in sacrificing the charitableness of
establishment to motives of secular interests or 151.,. 4%
malevolence.
Nothing could furnish a pions or reasonal•le
for the exclusion of my name from the Littirgy ; a 1 .
flier I was a sinner or a saint, it was not lit that 11,
name of the queen should be expelled from that service
which ought to be the communism of charity and tha
bond of peace. The act itself was a strong indication of
no Christian feeling in those individuals by whose male-
volence it was instigated, and in obedience to chose trill
it was aceoniplished.
No public event ever excited a more general sentiment
of indignation than this Hill of Pains and Penalties:
the protnitlgation of it has sonncled the tocsin of alarm
in every ear. He who is an enemy to slavery cannot
be a friend to this Bill. Ile who loves liberty mast
detest such an unconstitutional mode of depth frig the
highest subject in the realm of her rights and immuni-
ties.
Though my adversaries omitted no means, and neglect-
ed no opportunity, of crippling- sue as much as possi'ole
in my means of defence, yet integrity is so strong, that
truth and nothing but truth, has already, in a great
degree, defeated the machinations of my enemies. It is
said liars ought to have long memories. The witnesses
produced against me had long memories and short rue-
movies, and memories of all extents and dimensions, as
seems best suited to the views of my adversaries: but.
notwithstanding the accommodating potency of their
memories which could contract into a nutshell, or dilate
into a hemisphere, they are found to have cantered no
further service to my enemies than to prove that there
is no solidity in falsehood, and no stability in treachery;
that there can be no consistency without truth, and no
• I security without uprightness.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STATESMAN.
Pee in your paper a letter from the Rev. J.
W. Clinninaliatu to 31r. S. C. Whitbread : you would

du favour to a Constant Header by the imertion of the
following:—
TO THF. REV. J. W. CUNNINGHAM..

Sin,—Tliongls Mr. Whitbread has answered your
letter for himself, I cannot refrain from taking upon
ntrelf a more circumstantial answer than he has con-
descended to bestow on it. I begin with your first in-
terrogatory. Is his object, in presiding over the
meeting at Paddingtoto, " to alarm the Peers into a
decision favourablelto her Majesty ?" No, hut to chew
the Peers that there are people who think the present
substitution of their High Court for a Court of Com-
mon Law, unconstitutional and unnecessary. " Is it to
get rid of the present Ministry ?" Whatever Mr. Whit-
bread's wishes may be on this subject, I may venture
to say, he did not think the Paddington Meeting as a
means, nor is he induced to think with you, that
is no alternative between " the sense and honour" of
the present Ministers, and a Government by " a mob."
" Is his design to gratify party ?" Certainly not. " Is
it seating himself permanently as Member for Middl.-
sex ?" This question is equally coptetoptible w;th
the idea that prompted it.
Having answered your questions, I now proceed to
answer your charges. You tell Mr. Whithreed that be
encourages others to insult his Sawmill's, as a suborner
of perjured witnesses. If this would be the effect of
his conduct, it ought not to prevent his doing an act
which he thinks in defence of the constitution of his
country. Dear as the character of his Sovereign ought
to be to an Englishman, the welfare of the community
ought to be dearer. You say, that he is bringing trim
highest Court of Judicature in the country into con-
tempt. When such a Court exceeds its duties and
assumes unnecessary and unconstitutional powers,
it brings itself into contempt. You say, that
by giving light names to gross offences he sap
the foundation of morals. Who is most likely
to sap the foundation of morals,—he that defends
the weak victims of immorality against its pow-
erful promoter, or he who assists the powerful pro-
motes of immorality against his weak victim? Yon
say lir. Whitbread " treats the witnesses against the
Queen as perjured liars." Be the witnesses true or
false, we know not whence they come, weilkse
go, how far they have been taught to feel the obligatiett
of as oath. nor what hope of reward operates upon
them. Thus, differing in circumstances, character.
and responsibility from witnesses in this country,
their evidence cannot be entitled to the same credit.
Yon say that Mr. Whitbread bolds oat the Queen as
a model. 'Mr. Whitbread holds not the Queen as an
oppressed wommaihrongi whim the Constitution and
sowww/ity, (mart this Rev. Sir) are receiving deadly
wounds. That "he cherishes in the mind st the mul-
titude radicalism." It is useless so grapple with a
term that means virtue with one portion of the com-
enmity, 'and vice with another. '1 he vice which Gorr
encourage, Reverend Sir, may be expressed by a I. Is
vague term.
Mr. Whitbread knows what is due to " religious
morals and deeency," which you charge him with dims
garding, and if the prosecators of the Quests knew it as
well. IT husband *he had pet away his wife, ortiMovi
gi4iag any reason, would not have prostrated her, sad
published a disgusting demoralising lissom of evidence
from strange witnesses, over the whole country; floret,
to port, that f/'the wife Amid been erivinelithe Aribend
Aimeell; according to Me Holy &elegem hid kelt the
evens -*her elime.

..1k
No* Reverend Sir, sralt to tbe solvisers of &fee
whoa the &triennia Me conikossied, as well 044 the
impale' defied-is of tiro irgsred wife t tbea no eiroqi
eJnfess yes to be wirot yes alt yoorsolf, " tM fa"'
di.tu of the pbiio morals." and not rehat yos so*
Prom to be, the abettor of the vise% at Ow rick se4
jorotrerfnl. . . .
A Saseripasewtell
emmegairsimeemt
" • tbs. last situ. ilLtbe. Spanish Collet, tllOll%
efeicileoesee4 of thil elbeliakise .Skjeresil:"n4
on on thirsarlijoot looted threw Atom • .Aoltitet
ttlttle old MAK pespomy desieetlet .47,xlsw•
care ; tbo preset* see errs tin prone opt 31111.

....•I
