._ ~-- -

/

\

.i-

-

...,port of their troops in the enlarge of the present month, or
. ,
tope moment early in the begizing or tne nest, and of Mr,
eagsgucraeirteaedndtteeo bkerPithifie
then, joird the BARING'S hawing given complete satisfaction to thee,
sal y earnaed
sdh,orstriryd.
pe generoushlaeemn t
bayf
thet Allies,.iainai ncr
geteheceaotiatffitsraeiibrauoet
ifiat thetal
s,
fols'its
afesseleiii-4-:lllWilaifil .I:Yoke
de the Palace on his to
. t
little sensation in the City. The Stocks uncle
I q Y
slight variation, but the improvemeot was not each as
meat%
' IWYwiia.-to L;Odits. After his departure the PRINCE
ether
satisfy
tlh'eheßretiitsisshopmaMbhiiincgiathishtedt:eags
anaoatimalaste:
the importance of the news might have been espected
411114 epdlhe.c..l%.vcsattreth,..eaodehtissed aofloantghicetionfseirrenuceE: :It hy
~. _ platen ,
itawrouo set out for Windsor Castle, the hea
the Princess SOPHIA continuing in a very precarious
state. The PRINCE REGENT soon afterwards returned
transactions by which. France is to obtain her liberty.
to Carlton-houie. Freedom bought in this manner, and resting upon
guarantees from Britain, has much the appearance at
Sir FRANCIS MILMAN
lees something something better.
either a very dangerous sort of slavery, or of a money.
A further arrival of New York. and Philadelphia making transaction—a manceuvre to make a virtue of
Papers (to the 11th ult.) reachedus this forenoon. The
necessity, and to sell good-will when the power is
cession of the Florida, to the United States bY 'reetYs do evil has been taken away. The Allied Power,
and without again positively stated as an
purchase, is we are told, are izetfectly satisfied with the prosper;
event that took place so far back as May last. The which the present situation of France holds oat for
following' is an article on the subject, from the Rich-
the preservation of the general tranceillity. Tait si.
mond Enquirer, of the 4th September :—We have tuition has, of course, been much facilitated by tie
impositions made upon the French Nation by the ge.
' seen a letter from a Gentleman in Philadelphia, stet.
leg that the negociation between our Government and
nerous Powers who have so long quartered their trooi a
'the Spanish Minister, had at length resulted in the upon it. They are now perfectly satisfied with the
cenclusion of a treaty, whereby the Floridas are situation which the French People and their Govern.
ceded to the United States, without purchase, and meet have 'attained, because British Merchants have
_that in the month of May last, this treaty was trans.
become security for the demands they have made
.mitted to Madrid for ratification, by the King or. upon France ; but if The house of BARING and Co.
Seam. This information was obtained from Don had nut afforded to them the principal grounds st
' Oros himself. ' _satisfaction on this account, we doubt much whether
The intelligence from the Patriotic Armies of Ve France would yet have been consideild in a stets
, we-tuella is still of the most gratifying kind. The to warraut evacuation. Revolution, plots, treecher.
Contfnercial Advertiser of the Ist ult. states as fol-
oas wounds, and danger to Europe, would have
lows :-- been plainly perceptible in every look and every
arrondissvment.---Balk the contributions are is
" Our Norfolk Correspondent, under the date of
Friday last, inform. us that a Gentleman had just ar- be paid, that is certain, without the trouble sod
danger of collecting them at the point of the
awed there from Trinidad, who, in an interview with
a Colonel Excl.'s!' (who had headed the Patriotic bayonet, and " the prospect which France botch
Army in Venezuela for 18 months), was told that the out for the preservation of the general fungal'.
'whole plains of the Province, when he left the army, lily," is such as to satisfy—any body, elm
were in their possession. and that the Royal force, the King of PRUSSI ft. It is obese red that the Ee.
bad been compelled to take refuge in the mountains." peror A LEXANDER., who 66 has been at no pains In
The following is from the Washington Gazette 110 to conceal (torn the world that it is to his powrgal
the 7th ult.:--- interference the French are indebted for this arrange.
66 We learn from Curacna Papers of Joly 4, that went, immediately after the breaking op of the Con.
Brion dispatched a number of transports from Ca- gross, will, no doubt, make his triumphal entry
napalm to Margarita, where they landed their cargoes into Paris, where he cannot fail to receive from all
of naval and military stores and proceeded to sea. classes of the People the expression of the most lively
A vessel lately arrived at St. Thomas's fell in with gratitude." Much es this Emperor likes to becomi-
d
Brion's frigate, in company with a corvette and brig, dared great and liberal, every where but in Poland, we
cannot believe he will exhibit this matchless effrontery.
having in tow • Spanish prize, the Sardinia sloop of
The Parisians, who want no greet excitement to Wet,
war, taken full of troops, much disabled, and steer-
ing for the Five Islands. 'three officers of the Patriot would grin the keenest. ridicule in his imperial fut.
squadron have been tried, found guilty, and sentenced 'kis not the Emperor of Ft --USSIA who should enter
to be hanged for insubordination and piracy. Bee. perk in
triumph, it is Mr. BARING, and the Gentle- 1
n with the bonds and securities, who hare satisfied
nerd, who ran essay with the India Libre has been.' w.'
taken, and will be tried. A convoy of *mai fres all the Slay)ocks of the Congress.
Is Guayra and Pinto Cabello reached Cara eta on
Granted then that the Meeting at Ais.la.ampelle
the 4th of July. Brion had an engagement with the
has decreed this magnanimous reliiiquishmeat ; let as
Spanish Beet, and captured two brigs, when the anew see what they sill next do, now that they .111 re wee.
I my made •off." ' bled for the purpose, to increase the batmlaeas at
I - LATF.ST FROM TT AVANNAIi.
mankind -and immortalixe their memories. They
[mow THE COMMERCIAL ADVERTISER, SETT. 3.] •
•th this single act. Their der-
-1 A deaf ructiee fire broke out a few nights since at cannot rest content with
the shipyard. The arsenal and all the public build=
not
care may be hushed into repose, bat France is
not all the world. Can it be that these Holy Allies,
1 logs, together with a large stock of naval stores and
King's property were consumed. The loss is esti- who are so much alive to the temporal sod eternal
interests of the human race, are to do nothing, bat
mated at rising one million•of dollies. It is alleged,
'that the fire was instigated by the Commandant of the vote the withdrawing of their troops from France!
Araenal, there being some long unsettled accounts T his is not all that is required—the effecting a perfect
rah the King. security for the payment of (he contributions levied
, .
upon France, slid the evacuation of that territory
The New Orleans Papers, frau elk% we yester. will not complete the establishment of the happinee
day communicated the death of. Commodore Aune, of the world. But we havebeen assured they are b
la • gallant enterprise upon the Spanish frigate sent do something more. The Courier has frankly told of
against him from Cuba, state, that the frigate was that as Members of the Holy Alliance, they weren
cruizing off Carthagena under the Insurgent Flag. meet for the purpose of devising means for groom
Admiral BRION'S squadron was, in the beginning of teeing each other against the progress of liberty is
August, cruizing off Cape St. Antonia. According Europe. This is indeed a most holy employmeits
to an article from St. Thomas's, he had ordered two and we have no doubt they will endeavour most ref'
English Officers to be shot, during his last visit to piously to execute it. It is for the purpose of check-
Abe Oronoco. This statement, we trust, will prove ing the progress of the age, and maintaining the
to be as incorrect as another assertion in the same
M`G itc• cause of despotism, that the Holy League wager.
article, relative to the arrival of Sir GREGOR
gailized, sod that the plan of Congresses wasadoptvd.
GOR in that river, with 600 English recruits. The' If the Legitimates were possessed of any portion of
noted pirate M ITCHELL had left his old station off the
that wisdom to which they do tint fail to lay claim,
mouths of the Mississippi; asset was understood to be
The they, would most assuredly accommodate ihemselves
cruizing off the Bahamas. - - 644"rii.d rett'earet'io thelltered circumstances of the times; Homo%
King CSIIIISTOPHE from the vicinity, of POII•Reli- jestitutitwie were not made to be immortal ; sail
'Prince, is confirmed. Tto 004' their violentsubversion, they should
he Spanish Minister at :
Washington hail, in consequence of instructions- from 'wee,
-'.
',tonally. be modified. But the Legitimates will
his Court,made formal demand of the veatitution •
a • yield•to uosbiug. Obsta principiit is their motto.--
of those•parts of both the Floeidei• In the-occupation f ?Ni.
a trlerint age, they openly support the most
of the American troops. ThegoOs or the trial of intolerant principles,andthe violents.
. • _ •• . otter most on
MOMS. ARBUTIINOT• and AMIRISTIE, ere not ex.•
peeled to be made public,, mail they shall, dare .keen themasfigainst the freedom of the Press, at the very
laid before Congress. • moment that every individual is feeling its beneficial
effects.

, •

~.

Theitatement put forth yesterday; flrYr a Alli.d
Sovereigns had agreed to the evacoation of France
by their troops, end that the.tidings'of ddi decision
had been dispatched to the French capital,io not con.
firmed by the Paris Papers of Sunday. These Jour.
nals are altogether silent with respect to the Conk.
rences at Air-la-Chapelle. [lad the evacuation of
France been formally determined by the Sovereigns
on the forenoon of Friday, it would have been
known at Paris iu thirty boors, and certainly before
twelve o'clock on Saturday night. The circumstance,
however, of the evacuation is what may be fairly cal-
culated upon. The decision on this point, as we
have already said, was well known before Lord
CASTIARBAGII left this country. The intelligence 'of
**declared repletion of the Sovereigns to withdraw

The Duke of Yoßtz end the PRINCE REGENT taw
at Kew Palace in the afternoon.
cIIATIIAM, OCT. 6.—The Grand Duke MINA°
Is arrived, on his way to Dover, at the Crown be.
Ile has. visited the Dock-yard. in which he is
tended by Rear-Admiral Sir JOHN GORE, Celeo.is'
&otter Sir ROBERT BARLOW" &C. At MlGpost :‘
Jtis Imperial llighnese, with his suite, dine, at tne/
reitidebet of the Cninmender in Chief,- Si' 100
GoRE. Sir ROBERT BAttrow, Captains WARltili
DLNCAN, BARTHOLOMEW, C. 8., with dweller
Captains of the men of war at this port, and, sew
rat other distinguished person., are invited. The
Grand Doke seems much pleaqed with the a ttenti ons
shown him, and converses with leery one
with
usual urbanity.
PENZANCE' OCT. s.—Pat hack by titres. of weather
the Lord CoNogwood, Fudge, for Malaga,
