~~

" steamer as legenseer, where he bad never been at
urpspalat iambi before, aid there he had had an
i sky of j of the sentiments of the peo-
pritairiad n there, political meetings or expres-
ISOM of public opium had seldom taken place before,
• be witnessed each as enthusiasm of public spirit as
<mad scarcely be exceeded, even in this great eel
public spirited city. Art the inane feeling was the
same in every quarter that he could hear of, the peo-
ple being universally, unanimously, tad ardendy,
maimss for the femoral of Ministers, for the redrew I
of grievances, and for the Reform of Parliament., The
friends of libeay sad the enemies of corruption had,
therefore, only to make a long pull for the attainment
of complete Reform, aid be hoped the example of
this day would serve to give an impasse to the country.
Mr. Monomial tame forward amidst the applause
of the meeting, to return thanks for the honour which
they had conferred upon Vint. He trusted that since
he had had the bonoer of representing the City of
Westminster, he had not failed to the utmost 'or his
humble abilities to make good the pledge which he
gave theni when he ventured to become a candidate fur
their slarages. In the last great question which had
occupied so much of the public attention, and in
which her Majesty and the people had obtained so
gletious a triumph, lie had felt it his duty to take al
proteinent part, for he did not consider it to be mere-
ly the cause of the Qoeen for which they were con-
tending, but more peculiarly the cause of the people—
(Applause ;)--the cause of those with whom he was'
connected, and in Ms connexion with whom he felt,
io common with his Honourable Colleague, a prouder
satisfaction than in any other honour or dignity which
it was in the power of the Crown to bestow—(Ap-
platter). The Electors of Westeninstei had congtatu-
-I.ted her Majesty on her return to this country, and
since that period her Majesty had sbewn with what
justice they congratulated her upon having taken that
decisive step. In spite of every effort which had been
made not only by the Powers of one great Em-
pire, but by that conspiracy of Monarchs, of which
• the apparent object was to condemn the whole ci-
vilised world to slavery, in spite of all the influence
which had been exerted against her, the support of the
people, aided by her own unconquered mind, had en-
abled her to triumph over her persecutors, and they
were now met to congratulate her upon her triumph
sat er that tremendous engine, it hich had been employed
to crush the lives, liberty and property of Englishmen
—he meant the Parliansent.—(Cheers.)--,Parliament,
lie repeated, was the engine which the Ministers of the
Crown, for the sake of preserving their places, and
s .ving thentteltes, had always brought forward, when
a work of pecuhar atrocity was to be perforated. They
were assembled here to convince her Majesty of the
gratitude which they felt too ards her, for the glorious
part which she bad taken in the late proceedings ; to
rintrince the world that she was indeed a Queen, not
e:dy of grace and favour, as she had been styled in the
. Donee of Commons, but of the affections of the people
of England.—(Continued applause.)--it was not his
4. intention to occupy the time of the Meeting, as he was
aware that there were many other gentlemen who were
desitotts or addressing them. He would only say,
therefore, that unless the people of England came for-
ward to detnaod, nut only the dismissal, but the im-
pe.Leliment—siot only the impeachment, but the punish-
ment of those who hid heaped such maitlforious 'vitt
upon them, the work would be hut half done—(Loud
theers.)—Let not the people deceive themselves; let
Clem not believe, that if they wait till Parliament
meet two months hence, some means would not be
found of tricking the people out eoT their just de-
mands, for the punishment of -those whom the
united voice of the people of England pronoansed
to be the only malefactors. Let them recollect
the conduct of Patti:anent open the occasion of the
atrocious massacre ob;ch took place somewhat more
Clan a year ago. After meetings had been held
. in every county and parish thronghout the king-
dom; after the table of the House of Commons
had been loaded with petitions, and the King address-
ed from every place of consideration in the country,
what did-Parliament do? Did they redress any of the
wrongs? Did they remedy any of the grievances of
the people?—(Cries of no, no, they did set)—All that
Parliament did was as much as in them lay to confirm
every grievance, to silence every complaint, and pu-
nish, not those who were the cause of our sulkrings,
but those who ventured to complain-(Applause, and
cries of indignation.)--Not only did they refuse to
listen to the complaints of the people, but, u hit
Honourable Friend near him (h r. Rennet) remind-
ed hint, instead of inquiring into those grievances.
--instead of inquiring in what manner the lives
of the people had been sacrificed, and their liber-
ties infringed, they proceeded to heathen them with
six more restrictions epos their liberties, and to take
away every possible chance oakum complaint. These
events were of so recent *date, that they could n 3t but
feel convinced, that if PerileTeet met agate under the
sanction of the present Admiaistratioa, viot only no-
thing would be done fur the people, bet every thing
would be attempted against him. His own conviction
was, that the assembling of. Parliament aosubl site
another death blow to their rights and liberties. The
short time he had bees is Parliament bad confirmed
all the previous oplaions which be had formed of the
character and conduct of that assembly ; and he trusted
they would never forget, that the sum of all their
prayers and petitions sheath be to obtain that Reform
which could aloe' give indemnity for the past, aid
security for the future.
Mr. (*ARDEN'S moved, that the Address by this
110selleg be slimed by the High WWI on behalf of
-14....:M Meeting, aid presented by him te bar Majesty.
The INIMIOSI was carried aseshoesely.
The Mashs ease meeting were thus elied to the
Hea. H. 0. Bennett, R. Geedon, Esq., E. Me, EA.,
and Sir Oerard Neel. -
The Hon. IL 0. lamely, is sellissielßern. said
be was as all doss nest anxious to issue 1110 pospis.
and surer mere se tbs. en the press* sibuissr trial
alkuled him se epperessity et tesentialdieg
cenatrysieszon Ilse w lier ide and male siel
wade. pipe la Mess, 41( a WOOS" sad get
Era a Owes. bet la alkipie 44 Ask ors 41_10 Nei
privileges. whisk Sell bite noshed a. New V
the BM of hies and reside* bed bees siliond
par. He said. If It bet bust sell feel tepee% it lot
Mewl that it Illsiseers keit bed die leserity le pros

1

S.---',
