OBRII4II PAPERS.

Manners.. MASCII Vt.—Kotzebue's murderer
still lire. ; but from henceforward no person will be
allowed to POW him. His line figure and tranquillity
of mind 'seised a universal sympathy in bis fawner,
and people thronged to 11.11 him. Ilia speaks of no-
thing but religion. sad ender the most dreadful suf.
feiing+ he is ',orient and resigned. Sand does not
rhrny that for more than ball a year be has been ores.
pied with the plan of murdering Kotzebue. It coat
him many a tear. and teeny • mental stregglebeforelie
couldmolio. op his mind ro execute this design ; het it
was net P y that Kotzebue should die ; this was de-
minded by the enteral interest of Germany. Or of
Teutnnia, s• he rather chose to term it. Sand is
(wended fr m revertable pare,,',, and emery one that
knows hint Eigoa !tiny the (tory heat character. An lanai
hor,re the dr.atlful ac:, kalselnre took op arms
ice youngeat son, scarcely two ositiotha old, and turn-
jog to ui. family. said with eniotiou—" I was jest
the.; se when my father died."
bltsuz. Alanctt 29.—A relation of the rodent
Saud, haa rnmsn lanceted to us the following particu-
lar. r..!ltecting him:—

•• Unties Sand, third son of s person who was
ff,•l3•, ly Counsellor of das:ice in VV un.ieriel, its the
Flchtvlar,lirg. and who is still slovr, began his studies
ilati-bon, where be $ I years, soil
Npa, 104 esteemed and Mined by all who knew
hilt i..timobtly. From thence he repaired le the
;molly of Tebenrsve, and of his own accord join.
ed the German army which entered France. Whether
he Night ender the Bavarian standard—which is most
probable as be was a Lisvaristi—or ender another
German standard, I know ant.—A• far as I knew
him, he was a sine•flo •114 honest young man, usetleit
and sager in the acquisition of knowledge; in the
society of his friends he was always frank sod cor-
dial; bet in larger links rather reserved. Whet he
once approved •f, he followed sp with enthusiastic
ardour. In all that he did he gave first the most
patient consideration to the work, which he executed
with determination. His exterior is interesting sad
prepossessing. His figure is sleeder.
BERLIN. Maacat 30.—Respecting the murder of
Vue Kotzebue, the following particulars are
given in the Stastisseituag of this day, in a letter from
Minkel"), alba 24th of March :-1`• Respecting the
slows with which this dreadful act was perpetrated,
two papas leave no doubt. The one is a sheet of
large row, neatly written, which paints in the most
vehement langesge wed in the meet est rsvasant terms
the humiliation of Germany, tlist prevailing faithless-
ness, cowardice, and baseness, the peeishment part
annihilation of which he cells for, and terms the mor.
der of the bad the only means of salvation for
the German People; be calls on them to yew
late the noble rumple which has been set them
in the es** of one of the most worthless, to
tonsil's all those who resemble him, in order to'
..rocete freedom and unity in Germany, to defend
rise Protestant Chords, the reformation of which is
.tilt unfinished, against Popery, and to hate enly
-lie Church and one Stew. Gladly, be says, he
takes the lead in this maid, and lay. dein his
by (Ids 'ruble lured, a sacrifice for his country. This
Eisay, amidst all the 'stratagems and ail the •
.:fists; tell views which it betrayed, had nothing abbot
tt of insanity, properly so called. The other paper
sz the label (which has been already described.)
'• 'ibis bloody act et religious end political fans.
titian', most 611 every well-regulated and humane
• rind with the deepest and most sincere abhorrence ;
Obtt above all, might to operate as an argent ;view.
,ition on all those who by caseation or rumple in-
'lmost, the young mem of our excitable age, to cow-
with the utmost serinesness the prowailis; ten-
s:ency I. relieves and politic I rastalrico."
Attmusits, MARCH 15.—T be murderer •f Rots,-
hie *Freed his eyes yesterdey, and seemed In recover;
to-day be speaks very distinctly; bet it is hnpcd that
he wilt die. 1

Rost, FLO. 20 (Nlaaen 4.)—The navigation
I.itherte has net hems cioarti—• circumstance that has
at ocootrri is at twee:flan of the °iciest pers7a

I

•
" The disturbances at Valencia have not yet ter.
mintier'. is constant'', alarmed by pasquinades
and arionymoes letters. The bloody edicts be pub-
lished have elicited genersl discontent.
" The cession of the Florides is talked of here as
I smeltery lone ten resolved upon by this Cavern.
ment, and its being carried into effect was supposed
to be delayed only by theinfluence of another Powe►,
jealous of North America. The Simoish Govern.
*Mat is not slow. horgovor, sn punctihnus. Lurie or
no gratitude 14 WI towed. England, whom, Gatern.
mom, it is supposed, iweratly fawners the losereesits.
A cosisidorahls sum will be obtained net of the grants
of laud in the Plniidas, made to the Kiug's le.
retorters, the Doke de Akron antaVeno.F.ortiatro."

TO CORP Ee•PONDLNT4.

•; Thu of a lurtfrr fall& Limerick" nay b.. and
!wp►d is. tree, but o,tottic treat an nakaewa band it
mann Inc Maned nil lunacy itedsraticated.

sitnacb -acts
Rink Mork
3 per Cent. Ned. 73.
3 ;.e. (•m'. Coueuis
si I.
i..r %re. Ni
4 per Ceut. 31

JAY AT ny E ti'CLA)Cn.
5 per Cent. Navy 14911
lethat 11.. eds J 9 40 p.
Long A.at. 19 3-164
Kreketiner 5014 1 eis. par.
I Comma

THE

LONDO.V :

lIIDNILIDAY. APRIL 14, ISI9.

N. DI CASE! has obtained for himself mere lasting
h by the lime and attention he his bestowed
upon the ameliorating the slate of the prisons in
his country, and testifying his feeling for the condi-
tion of their enfortenste inhsbitants, than has fallen
to the share of any French Minister for this ceotery
past. Jails oft*n contain tw• classes of prisoners—
the best of men and thu worst of men ; and if the
wrier of this can event among his acqesiotaece a
certain number of sincere and Womble Maids, a
great part of them were °billiard by a contraction of
sympathetic regard sad (totem in out of the above edi-
kes of tfiliction. It is only serprisiog, that in tbese
times of open venality, when se many men glory in
the prn6t of literary prnatitetion. that our Jails and
Houses rf Correction are a* thinly peopled with
Pattie's. But Court intrigue, Counsel trick, end
Slagistesial assumption of power above the law,
have broken down the spirit of our HAMPDEN! and our
STAVE Y!, and we must wait for sew limes and now
occasions, and for the re-appearance of the WAL.
zscrs from the Highlands of Scotland, sad even for
the Tru.s from the hills of Switzerland, ere we shall
have new instances of patriotic self.devolion.—
Would it have been believed the day could ever ar-
rive, when a slavish writer, a creature like a prism,
talitto; any colour or completion from the rays of
the sun, in which he hopes always to bask at kis
rape, could attack a system of prison-regolatioos, be-
' canse,amoac the Reformers no Royalists' names were
emblazoned ? Does this being mists to mitosis she
Amide with all its royal towers and berets, and
re-establ's:l its sabterraneoes boudoirs and beau ass
secret? Ferhaps be 'sore., et a future day, to ac-
company some demeritorioJs Royal ntreenege, in
ono of these retirments from the world, and 'meld,
theirfore, wish to have o it,,yal designee tad a royal
arcbl'ict cenrllled io as •clrk.

.... ..8 AA IN. ! . Nioo.toptho of the wondereih et Ille slit made about
--..m.--
,lhal,sravel sif Lard Wlimmosici a Parisom ignorant
P ‘
iLITSACT Of AI Lmillbtataos MADRID, DOD wit of tie awl of it. Muir its aniwselfrunk. 'As Sit C.
VIVI 11l CM 7, • WOITWOOTIN, he was a formidable man at a French
" An repress, smelting with the grealint baste, Calm; betas rend WIIITWORTIt all will be safe.
and dispattebed by General O'Llennel frees Calls, has When lb. misfortune of his Rafe' Highness the
arrival here, and the contents of the dispetclo-s hem . Dike of YON& breaking his arm the first day he
spread a most visible alarm among 'Ministers. A most4entered upon his official duty at Windsor upon Lis
sensible alteration is remarked in Lozano do Tomes Royal Father, was made known to Lady C— J—,
cud Eguia. A great bustle toss been created In the she stateless& "Ob ! I Isiah he hid let the 10,000 i.
1
departments ender their charge i and as they Ire the , a year bloa t. which the prodigal Ministers persuaded
chief barometers her which the l'uhlic yedge of lg.( him to take."
I fairs, cariosity hes been' considmably awakened. As The diurnal Press in England, or rather in Las.
; far as it has been possible tnj saga float symptom. et. don, is fallen into the most minerclinary and rode-
; tended with unmans, mystery sod alarm, se well se Imitable condition. The majority of the writers to it
1 from what it has been possible ingather in private chin. are men marked for their want of principle. TheY
nets, it Is believed that Gen.O'Donnel, theConsinender have critters on limb sides the qamtion, bet only on
In Chief of theirend esprdition, has discovered a plot, owe for their profit. Being &Unfold of virtee them.
prepared by the cliaafected called upon to embark. Wm,. they cannot bear it in others. It" therefore
It is rumoured that he pi prog,p4 his dim mg of some they cart all their hackneyed and well-tried alarms
officers who have eentirt,,,Ata intiae„,,, among the in ridiculing them (•s sailors* their constant jeers on
men, sod that beagles murmurs no woo" of pays Sir F. licnuere, apparently the pencil character in
Ake. there is a great clashing of feeling ad seetiment, this country): on all occseotna they depress glorious
sane being Sprott's, others Liberates, mad ammo benevolent deeds owl asperse good 1111,11 (witness the
again Aft-to:cue:dos, and a fourth class, moo oho I tiratnirot of Mr. Itrustrr), and by the moat hrtni.
Iconsider themselves under a state of compulsion. It I liming epithets siiimviive the lovers 1.1 liberty (as in
is thought he has requestedfresh instructions and Mr. Ili NTH" and ntherl)' One would ""in.
1.0110,4, whereby murk dilemma has been created, that such base writing would be despised; but by
though the C. meld was well aware that this I constantly reratio:,; the SIM. without blast:lllC they
slew Ile, TIM was not liked, and same difficulties at attach a number of fnolivii or interested readers to
the aliment of embarking were even anticipated, to I their viewli, and warn swaps their adversaries; not
remedy which, it bad been proposed that the Eine, I failing to bumtit• some of them by seeming to de.
shield go down In Ctdie, ender a hope that his spise their blocs. Resides, as such effrontery its
presence would give greater eclat and overawe the facing ridicule imposes spar the mallitadea incapable
' discontented. This evrtainle would be a novelty, of eppra,ing inings at their just value, contempt
j for Spanish Monarchs have aidJuns quitted the awls and edmivailun begins. Most of these writers
capital. allele on hunting parties ; tort it is have !men as li.ed in flattering royalty as they have
whispered the Klee M. . particular antipathy la vi.j been •uclacions in decrtinu patriotism, and the re.
siting Cadiz. a town an lately d'valed to the Cortes ward for loch conduct has been not merely priests
and a now order of things. The malevolent might "tee and (11""r` but public dignity. A Ltimiletsige
besides say he was himself going to America, as they 1 ha. sometimes been the reward !!! Ilene is a signal
did of his father, when he thought of visiting Awhile. and a premium f.,r servility ! Thus the worst of all
sia. Besides, erraufzements are on the (*pis for the tie" seirs at Cog": sod BatterYs perjury, and
liine's third merrier. This dissatisfaction among I contempt of all duty, pared' there with effrontery.
.the troops has been caused by the general dislike to Weil may the base, the venal, in abort the woothtess,
be sent oat to serve in America, which has always I end to make their way there, when even the
been considered a kind of banishment, and the ac. l seeming stillest ()our PowsounTs, y.on Curtis, &c.'
count. received from Murillo'. army have by no I itc.) cherish but a frigid admiration for art.* and
means tended to remove it. Tb• condect of the par.' Patrintirra•
ty nn board the Trinidad transport, has also been i If Kings could be Men lessons Fruit:rum of
publicly talked of at the mew., and approved as far Spain might learn a wholesome one. His ancestors
Ise it nes dared. The Spanish army never was fond indeiged in much in pomp and power as to forbid any
of • Chief who is a rigid disciplinarian, end nosier. I person from wiring them, or speulting to them, bat
in his manners. This is the case with Cl'Goonel, ! open their knees*, sod now FERDIPIAND Vill. is
who keeps them tight at work. I ablaut to be deprived of more than one half of his

realm..
• ennui D. of Coo;n ettprowle rennenerled that.—See
Drirellf Ilif AIL r Albreg. Aron. dr eitist. d Eumg.
It has sometimes been a complaint against King.
and Princes, that they oftentimes apply therwrelves
by an anted condesetrosios to win the hearts of
the subjects in order to dispose of them afterward" as
they please. This cannot be imputed to our Pit
IttfiENT, of whom the People see nothing an•l heir
little. Th• Royal Duke, his brother, has showii the
gresteat entoloscensino hi accepting ten thoo.•ool
year from the People of these realms, for perfutinii.,;
a dui, to his Royal Father.
Dim shockingly di.gusting In see the servile prints
daily heapattirring our worthless Ministers with praise
for the enrightne's and wisdom of their Ailministr".
lion ! Nay, while the People are suffering under
ll:e mint grievous oppressions, next to carvation,
they have the unfeeling Impudence to boast of the
prosperibt of lb. kingdom. Such gross Riflery could
not esiiit not with venality in some shape; sod flattery
and venality are always linked together, the on.
newer goes without the other, and slavery always at-
tends upon them. Such writers are the real and true
patricides, and should be known by no other names.
limns." in England are the price of every thing
(witness Sir MANAs•EII MASnii LOPLZ, who frigid I
have been a NW' like Sir SAIVION GIDEON, hut for
one dungy ad). When that is the mire, they attract
consideration from all, and soon supply the lilac, of
birth, vide., sail talents, sod are sought after as the
mania* bonen.. 'flies, in order to corrupt the
subjects, those at the helm are careful to cherish the
People's avarice by keeping op the spirit of gaming
among them.
Such was the craft of the Cabinet in Franc. andl
Holland, and which has been outdone of late by this'
enaatry, though it was brat practised in Venice—
Not to mention lotteries, which are so fiequent at
Venice, it Is e fart, that daring the whole Carnival
many public Bidet,/ are opened for games of chance;
bet what will appear more extraordinary, at every 1
table a Member of the Great Council, in his gown,
lits as the banker.
By this artifice people are also prevented from
knowing and rreecting on their situation and condi-
tion. Whilst the desire of acquiring fame barns is
the breast of a few wee, and they are greedy after
glory alone, liberty is secure. They stand erishaken
at daggers, disheartened by no obstacles, and re.
strained by no consideration, less fearing the moat
horrid Indere then the opprobrium of betraying
their coontry tea tyrant. Witness year Svontvs,
your Prlmi•er.s. your Rossaxis, your WALLACII.--
King% accordingly, prompted or aided by their ac-
cursed Ministers, lose no opportunity of changing
ithat object of glory. *or fame, which the Public
dirpenses, they substitute honours, eih;ch they alone ,
distribute; and instead of making dignities the re-1
II ward of services done the patria, they make honours
I or pensions the Salary of services tendered to the
Crown (witness the renegade Bunn.). Thus such
creatures are covered both with infamy and marks
of dignity, and these marks of mote are soon vs. I
Ned at the espence of merit, video, and talents.
Hence wise two opposite effects: men of abj.vt
principles seek after dignities, alto of an elevated
mind despise them. Disgraced by the use they are
made of, and the persons on whom they ate be-
stowed, to become worthy of them is no mote the
pursuit of worthy souls. 'lts said even that a cer-
tain great Persunsge is so Bile pleased with the
character of some few of his Nobles, that he is de-
termined to create no more for some time In C 0.,.
It is calculated that the population of Germany
Increases at the rate of 430,000 every year. Tbs
present population of the Danish State. is estimated
at 1.862,C00, namely. Denmark 1,100,000, Duchies
of Schleswig and Ifoldein 6110,000, Duchy of Leaca.
burg 30,000, Fate, Wet, IsC. 51,000.

Ti 6 DUICF: ~ FORK.

0

IVe ere concerned In announce, that, nn M,n4sy
afternoon, at the tim• the Oahe of Y4llc etas in at-
tendance open the King, at Windso:, at Lir Royal
Highness was in the act of opening a dint i.r a room
in Windsor Castle, en. ef hit spurs csagh• th t loop
lat the bottom of his pit t•lootts, which threw hint
'down, and, onfortunatt.:,, broke his right arm.-
,An alarns was spree.) thieogis lte Cash:. T.
Duke and DISAPS4 af Gint...ever.
least.. the Princess Slphia, the Meashors the
WWII Cornwell in totem area ea the King.
!severe' others, together with tho P•lc!ats 14 a .
ittodance *pun his Majesty, hvatenthi In the r,:ot
'to wedeln the Patent of the 'or:ie.'', •1
it being ascertained by the blerlkal
!that the arm of his Royal ifighaess or 3% broker,• messenger W3I sent to pror.i,* • ba,genn trio
all possible 9weil, wed Mr. Olt •i"y. et Win L.
*or, florin after wised and set !Quo! inn',,
*lath, being ercompliOiril. his R.iyal 11;41inest !et
hins,eif as comfortable cc ;he c;ur,, ones
would admit or. 11;4 [tor! Hilhorcs ate h'. dinner
with his usual appetite. An ezpress
(Mundt. All the branches of the Royal
anti Whet., were an match engaged in their attentinns
to the ILnyal Doke, that several boors elapsed before
an repress was sent oil to the Prince kneel. &e. h.
London, which did not striae till halting' Moves
' ?dor k, and in consequence, Mr. Macgregor, his
Royal Highness'. Surgeon, lost no time in leaving
London in attend his Royal Highness.
Yestrrday morning, Mr. Macgregor Weed the fet.
lowing Bulletin : _ _

Whirlenr Caorle, April It
the Duke of Yes k Isar, is tail about
”,errd: lor.oleu the base nt hi. risk*
nein. .rn three writ, :those the elbow juthi. The fincosie
as. eel in n otter Ilse rieruta sal, by Mr Oltejli). of
it,. R•,.nl Ilirbasr* hi. quiet night, sad is
thy.. (1111,f Irer 1....10 &err, zto d A•••ng in all 104WCIS 4* well
ho wader the circlinittaneer e.. 0 be esp. reed.
MACCRF(MR.

fo addition to the above, the Prior. Regret tr.
trived an nitres% yesterday ■flernontt, soots after
tht►► o'clock, gibing en account of the state of his
Hovel Brother daring the morning. We ■oderstand
his Royal Highness, op to one o'clock yesterday, was
free from fever, and in good spirits.

The pregnancy of the Duchess of Bran: is as
mock talked of as if be► Royal Highness were " big
with the fat, of" all the dominions once onJer tho
Veil of CUAULEIIAOKT. WO heartily wish that
Prioress safe through her travail, and a happy ac-
coschement ; hut, showy all, we wish she may be the
mother of a Prince, who, as be grows ep, will con.
miler that be has a dory to perform, as well as an
appanage en enjoy.

V e ere sincerely AM to hror, that the Stollen's
of one of the Universities in Germany are remised
that the event which has befelln Kovcreuc, oho%
not I •it them by in their previoes resolves to
preirto gate those dectrincs IRMA ere calculated to bet.
ter the cordi.inn of the 'offering rut of their frilew-
creatures. There are wretch., .n every coontry iu
Europe (the true anthrrpopha;! of modern time') an
doitcts t! in desynti:m, as It can always be aide to h it
in with 5cf:..1.,3, who would torn the act of SAND?.
(t1,6,,zh pronsbly be meant to perform the pert of
CilitTa et) to the detediy purposes ofrestreint
on tie Liberty of the Press, and area on a tree coo.
mortication of thoeght.

It gives ev gret-t plristrre, owl inspires us with
room bnpr jig these (la.) s of block Je.ptir, to witness
I su much fret spirit and unassumed talent diffesed
throuel the columns of so many of the Provincial
Journals. It is from the pare air of the m,untry,
ano the pure uncorrupted sentiments of its press,
whence we must draw breath and espectation of po-
litical life. It would mein as if it lisd been the ob.
ject of our faulty Government to make bet one slit.
liaelloa tetween the subjects undrr it, viz. the
blends of the Penile. and the enemies of the People.

ItOTAL SOCIETY rot TUL A MELIORATION ot
Pntsuxs."'—A prophet. they .ay. is never admired is
his own town, ry. NIT. BENNETT, Itnnerrr,iiso mach
admired for his benevolence to a neighbors. ing coeo►ry
that ka has been the throw of the coavarsatinn among
many of the French anvil Society on Prisons for a
long time part, and may, in some degree, Imo bees
instrumen:al iu forming the above laudable Society.

ON TUB Dirrtatmct scrwczir A REPUBLIC *No A
MONARCHY.—IO • ffINI, bet Den Iy-established Go.
seemliest, the men who hero best caned their mom.
try are ever seated at the helm, and men of avowed
Integrity sit on the Bench. If a King or a Prima be
trusted with the power of disposing of places for that
future, it is ou the condition that lie shall prefer nose
but deserviog person.. Bet, its order to become Mo-
onlit', far (Ism rolling to him talents mud virtue, he
imperceptibly r genres from office men who are po.
pnlarovise, and incorruptible, and puts in their p won
men of easy and complying dispositions. No Con-
stitution maintains itself unaltered but be public
riot.... If this spring be long without, adios to
bed.. Instead of concurring to the pubic warm,.
every one seeks his own interest only, from the Prim*
to tie peewit : the laws f.II Into contempt from
their violent.. or their desuetude, end the Legislii.
tors are the Gut in violating them. Thus the Pooplo
its being abased, are very easily made the prey of
corruption.

While pretty was hennwted at Rome, the Com-
tiolship and other offices of Niegistrary were confer.
nd only on the most deseevieg. Nnw in England,
your CMTI.EtitAGUI are made Secretaries of State,
your CAtimitatts Ambassadors to grelt CoLrtg, sod
year Qctes CuWoda tiotetiornm. White are
thus, and oar S:r FRANCIS Puittirt7ii eatiimni•ted
and excloiltd front °like, what h.i:.; li.e lore of
paria hay• on an Englishmat.'a heart, aii:ess I.e 14
a rura azis?
la the acroonte of the MinsinnAnece. Diener es
:Monday, it ••a• stated that Prince EiTtatt
A I.zeriay. Al:ht.:sad fir acid Mr. S% -:r, the French,
'Spanish. and Peregrra. Ambsais,ler•. tlie A metiesa
Minister and 1,1•!e. ByNn, P. for Middle..
Iles. Wetter Ilttotitim, I*.t! -n.l Nlr.l.‘ms, M. P.
for Wei, M 1111.14.1, acre nmo'i the Crlinpiny
on the occasion. We ere informed, hawse., that
the movement Is w hall) incorrect. None of °ern
were present, sine did the Inchon or his In.
trryteter, att•tv!. \lr. CAN%ING aril sir. V aa•
uPJP P:!,(0 1,24 Monica,
I slid Sir rul ar..t AS'A
