d.pentism•on the advancement and increase of comas erce,and
boas have been niateriilly retarded hythed,,,ff„rt, of
&csi.inets,to st bjesitsindivid owl etfasrts.and.private exertions
itrory laws: The intellijeda and acuteness which
infaciivals solid re im trade, witif.the asttersi stiosalus of
p adramage..Me..lll‘,:redirict and-linprove corn
d.d-ce more tban the theories of tatesmen.ever have done,
',freer can do. We regret this persPeeranee in anvivated
errors on the peavt.of thd Wrench Slioistry, because in
'spring the trade of. Frantm, it crust infallibly tort that
df Eastland—the prosPerity or adieriitf of a
cation, intimately sympathise with the commercial im
prorementa or deterioration-of its neik ittrours. • •
_ .

•
The 51e4rid Gazette Qs thoughtl proper to ce+ttlist, at
onside/Ate length,. the itegnments in feione of Smith •
American ina*Ptlladefire advanced be that Radical English
roomer, Ml:Courier. Little did we expect,. „ year 62,
to h.ar that moat:oil eons of all terms applied so liberally to
our courtly contemporary.
Yesterday afternoon, about • half past two o'clock, the
Oda of York arrived in town from the seat of the Earl of
gesmosiolosi in Northamptonshire.
Among time late arrivals from Spain, is Don T. M. Alcala
Caliano, the eloquent leader of the moat liberal party in the
owes.
The Duke of Somerset has subscribed 2U. to, Lord
Erskine's Monument, accompanied by this just eologinin
on his character, that he did so in testimony of his respect
for his brilliant talents, and more especially for the hem•
am and courage with which lie maintained the intlependt
rcce of the Bar.
A letter from Paris, dated Wednelday last, states that
srcounte had been received of the embarkation of 1.9(11)
nea at Brest—LOCO fur Mertinirre, awl SOO for tiliadas
lerpe. It is understood tbat our Ambassador at Paris
Pas received explanation. frntn the French Government, on
the subject of this repo talon, who is assured that it is
malady intended :or those islands, anii that it has no retie.
tau whatever to the events passing in Sonth Ani-rica.
The seine letter states, that time French Admiral, receutly
wormed to Brest, from the West India station, has
r.ciarnl that complete "anarchy exist. in all the South
° American S.. ,es; but, that although there are to be
hood in the different provinces p artisans of every
o political seer, from Royalists to Republicans, yet none
•' advocate tither time sovereignty of Ferd nand, or sub-
ai.ion to Spain." This opinion, coming from such a
c:trter, together with the speech of the American Presi
ant, is said ro have greatly cool:d the ardour of the party
is the Vreneli Cobiort disposed to assist Spain in regamiiilec
4AWA.IiOII of those provinces.
BaroNNE, JAN. I.—We had no mail from Spain to .lay,
ha a courier has arrived from Madrid, who says, that
after a very animated conversation between the King and
Lim brothers, in a hick the infant Don Francis m mite some
eery strung observations, time Prince has been exiled to
Nudes. Ilia Royal Iliglineas is looked upon as the
Lit,bot and most humane of time family.
We have heard through a private channel that up to
tie last advice% from Demerara, the white pooulatio r of
Colony rernaiiied in a state of high ex operation
against the Missionaries. This may be explained, ne
usiirrstand, both by the danger in which the lives and pro-
perty oldie Colonists were placed by the recent in•urrection
aid the prey. knee of free opinions on religious subjects
among the better classes of society in that Istaed. The trial
o; Mr. Smith by a Court Martial, which his Wends at home
complain of, should therefore, we think, be consi•
demi a proof nut only of the wise discretion of the
Governor, hot of his Excellency's anxiety to obtain for
that pious Gentleman the most impartial investigation of
the very serious charge under which he is arraigned.
The ease for the prosecution occupied shout three weeks
Oaring. a liith some evidence of a curious nature was
rli iteJ as to the effects produced on time Negroes by
neir nnaosisted,pernsal of the Bible, and the practical
tom losions they drew from isolated parts of the Ohl Tess.
tdoeut in particular. One chapter for instance in the in-
mp.rol it filings of the Prophets, they construed as perfectly
to themselves, and not only as justifying, but
roumanding them to throw off the yoke of slavery. Ac•
tor.:ingly for it considerable period previous to the Insur•
Kinn. this chapter nas constantly read by the Blacks,
Mat the ilesire of the leaders of the Rebellion, faithfully
committed to niernerry. As we have not heir,' that this
important circumstance tended to prtjtt&ce Mr. Smith's
,Ile, we mention is -as a fact, establishiug the importance lii
ifttrietly attending in future both to the principles and
huacter of persons, neder whose guidance the West
India Negroes • should be allotted to drink
I,f the fountain of eternal life in the revealed '
tel of the ALMIGHTY. The opinions entertained
if Mr. South's guilt or innoceoce by our informant, even
if airy were more decisive than they appear to be, we
hou4l not attempt to state, while we are trim bout an eppor.,
laity of looming the validity of the defence which he
Las kt up in proof of his innocence.Thme Governor of Deme•
tart, tic undetstand, steeply regretted that so many
Nvgroes hail lust their lives during time commotion. Th.e
klt arrival will • probably enable us to communicate the
rrault u( Mr. Smith's trial, which, as we yesterday stated,
"a"" he made known ou the 24th of November.—(Morn•
1g ['tier)
AN..5.-7The elk which recently arrived from
oh
isarbriu,t 11
:1s
I,:uon its journey to London, at Ingatestone.
tice to those who were intrusted with the
rouievain
• te anti rims • tie of this valuable animal, to
observe,
hat from the aniitiarconfinetnent previous to its journey
Y
it With ditlicul. marked to Colchester, where a van was
elesined fur its further progress, and on its arrival at
it/Neatens., it died. A veterinary surgeon opened the
kely, to asrestai•n the cause of death, when it appeared
that the liver ve completely detayeil; the change, of
anti I:anti;4lsnd want of exercise, being probably the
ctiototreid
to the sterearhu,-scßiwr'pllie morlmid inloence had extended
Let three daysr was fo:inadtilohea food
it had taken for the
perfectly undigested state,
14101ciincoet
visxtensire inflammation of that organ and
the immediate cause of death.
4.,_•ioaraoff,:iireofchroan—ont took place last week in Kensington
Toth
asaal
student,,
Air. n and Mr. B--w,
Polite officer"' .°
hen'
after an exchange of shots, a
kdr__
an
farther
on the ground, co.opelled the parties
ritalcfPof y proceedings, under the threat of suing
a priceged
viirAlleal.ty for having used %seaports of offence in
1111itll oyal Iliehness the Commander in Chief was expected
attires! York llouse yesterday from the country.
Three Inveterate bacchana'ians having the otter day
144ltionleallul their resources, and become hopeless of an isle
k,_,".reat
fpop y of the needful, they fell upon the following
re
braising the Hind. One of theirs has a wile,
fere_ if those nainess is to hay bones ; and the husband,
4. is
in:trity keeps him from socriticing to Ilia favourite
;roc t asted with the weighing. The bacchanals
ty tuurneldba. sack ; the most skeleton looking of the party
4te...tlitedboisite it, and borne off, to be disposed of as
tip4ir ne buyer having previously been dispatched
;tb. their arrival at the shop: Up they came. “ Wall
akl"l
banes, gudewife ?" " Av—in•by to the back
weigh them." After the supposed
~rformance of the cereimmay, he bawled oat, ° 'Poiere's a
'",aprottlft:cornowe's worth.".
The mosey was paid Without.
rty ; and time impostors/was only discovered when
dameof swell saw her purelisse stake its escape in the
known tippiar, immediately after . the ether
04,, ed to dispatch the cuutliagly earactilsill•crews.
C aldriCtilfr.)
