Thi• RP?. Mt
lion. Mt. Bligh,
his eat Wreak
ha ifisplayrd '
El tine. had
5, f. tin H
Fthiiy ha done

•.)
• Lord Currop at n gave' •
-

Prorparn. In the 1,141141114
The CHAIRMAN begged lees", ..10 :they WOW et
Members of the Independent Club, to.retern ti
beet tbenks for the honour that bed been conferred
upon theta. It was a source of unfeigned eetisfac.
don to every Member of the Club, to witness how'
effective their exertions its the pule et Independent's
had belles. Ile had a toast to propeie to them, and
at pis pin *like stogie; could it be se appropriately
introduced as at the pleura moment. If the Clelt
bad been of greet service, it was owing to the Peer-
sf the peruse whose name be was about to men-
tiOlp7lll fact the CIO owed its origin to him—it was
he who drew op the Resolutions open which the Club
was formed, and who, by his active eat/dim' after-
wards assisted to carry his plan into effect. It was
•e small gratification to theee who formed the CIO,
to rellect bow few their Members were then, end to
loiik round and see bow numerous and respectable
they were pow., Ile begged to propose—
" Toomirr at the Club. Mr. V. Sharp.," which aaa
drank with three dews three.
Mr. &Mar felt great eMbarrassment in rising tore.
turn his thanks for the high compliment just paid
bist, arid moored them, that the exertions of en hum-
ble individeal like himself should newer be wasting.
In the ceetelePslrltich they bad lately streggleda
I Tito bend played " Hearts of Oak."
Lord CLIFTON Neat proposed the health of the
Chwirome, which was received with wialmmoded up
please.r •
The CHAIRMAN' said—" There were moments .11
which language was inadequate to express the teenage,
of the heart—be foetid himself in that perdicauseut.
If his conduct had met with thelt approbation it gavel
him the greatest satisfaction, and be hoped be should
never forfeit their good opinion. Fot the very flat-
tering manner in which they had done him the ho-
nour to drink his health, he begged leave to return
his most graters' thanks, and hoped that a long
.and
prosperous life awaited every Gentlemia in the
room."
" The Arne, and Nam"
Song. " Rale Hritannts."
Lord Cr rrow then proposed the health of F.
Read, Esq. the Treasurer of his Committee;
When Mr. RZAD said, Mr. Chairman, end Gee.
denten of the Independent Club, and all my Bro.
Cher Freemen—The very handsome manner in which
the Noble Lord has proposed—avid the uncommon
plaudits with which you bate drank my health, is a
proof that in the office in which his .Lordship has
placed me, I have done enough to give satisfaction
to nly Noble employer, end to those fpr whose con.
renience and benefit I was employed; and deserves
what I can bet feebly pay—my warmest thanks.—
The finishing the business of this office is the term'.
nation of electioneering. I have endeavoured to Vol.,
61 the arduous duties pf it, under his Lordship's
kindness and the Members' of his Committee, with.
dot wasteful profusion, or any thing approaching to
niggardliness—so far as . bath been left+end much
batibren to my discretioo. We are now about to re.
turn to our usual avocations end intercourses in life;
let us now forget ell election squabbles—let us make
a wide grave, and bury ell animosities. And what.
ever has been amiss on the side of those who opposed
us—let us freely forgive it all, ner think the sacrifice'
too greet—for we ought to recollect we have much
to he forgiven. Let us strive each one to conciliate
his brother and his friend—nor fear that such conduct
will expose us to ridicule for temerity or cowirdicr,
for should that be the case, and our opponents show
their dislike to our stepping over the threshold, we
will endeavour nest Election to take the whole house.
=ear—" Stead to your gee,"
The health; of Joseph Boyle and Wm. Freed,
Emirs. were then proposed and drank with enthesias.
tic applause.
The health of '6 Alderman Cooper, the firm, in.
&fatigable, and zealous friend of Independence"
was next proposed and received with load cheers,
for which complimeut the Worthy Alderman return-
ed thanks.
In the course of the evening the following toasts
end sentiments were given, interspersed with songs
and glees :

" Me. W. Honeywood, and the liadepeadeat Freeholder. of
Kest.'
" May the British Conoitaiirsa be secured by a speedy Re.
form in the House of Gammons."
" This Ladles of Canterbury, who walsted oar 'dimwit by
the smile of beauty."
" Alderman Freed."
16 May the cause of Freedoms never wait a Represeatativa in
the Cit v of Canterbary."
Alderson Cession, and the Gentlemen of Lord Clifton's
Cotansl!tee."
" The Writ of Habeas Corpus. the hirds-vight of Engftsliaest,
and the beat serarity of the Corotitalloa."
•• May our Laws pad our Liberties, and our Liberties oar
Laws."
" May the sew Parliament inherit nose of the vices of its
predetewors, and bequeath a good character to its successor."
The room was handsomely and moot appropriately
'decorated for the occasion with the dogs used during
the Election, by Lord Clifton's party. which were
I tastefully displayed upon the walls, encircled with
wreaths (glutei, oak boughs, and ;lowers, propeut.
lugs most gratifying and pistoling effect. We have
never upon any occasion whatever witnessed a Pub-
lic Meeting in this City, conducted with more pro-
priety, scarcely any of the company departed before
tea • clock, sod soon after eleven the room was
cleared. all retiring quietly to their homes gratified et
the proceedings of the day, and the came which `-'•
'gives else to tits Meeting.
Anomie from Jamaica state."' crops in that
island are more pleotifal this simian than they have
been for many years post, particularly on the sugar
plantations.
' The rain which fell to London on Saturday has
been pretty general throsgboot the ceentry, in
many parrs of which it continued for two days—
Buckinghamshire, Lincolnshire, Suffolk, Lancashire,
dic.; amsmince pleasing prospect. Wheels an line
and fell ; barley, .oate, sad beans, are very pools-
-1%4'4 baqVky., peeled** 411 the island .0810111
sad prialse an abudast Mast.

V

-

11-1 grrATISMAN.

- -

. ti ~ 1

-i. . f

y
4

•••••••••••Ali

TlMMDrirrilliqr lc-lElr
.1 ot • t 4Ak)l/4,11
New York and phigrilihis tarts to tie 1741, ,
alt. arrived this morning :.It iv stated la tlri
-
414401% Papers; that orders hues token received 41,1
ilietrolty, from the Navy Departerorat, to lay dowel:
:Pie keels of two 74's at that place. Then Paper.
,costain no other news.
•
is of,
The moral aspect of this country et present
tie most interesting kind. The grow 'rigour display,'
list by the popular stied, and the results of the lete
Sections, asgerirag es pleasingly in favour of fiber.'
ty, give renege to kept that the ftriumph of 'rotas
in England will latent* the state of tho woe
When fortune left Aso Montan of Europe victorioss
over tbe liberties of France, and their despotic Cois.
cils began to lay the foundations of eternal slavery sod
iyenny, the .minds of men were overshadowed
with despondency,. and 'they thought, like ADAM,
,'rotten be beheld for the first time the Son descending
'
feels the Heavens, and setting in the depths of night,
that the annihilation of liberty was involved in the
downfall of ttie power of France, and the orb that
had so lung given. splendour to her reign. They
were mistaken; and the puny Legitimates, who sought
to trample the People's rights under the feet of their
soldiery; may yet acknowledge, in the bitterness of
hombled pride and merited punishment, the folly and
Impiety of the attempt to blot oat the light of free.
dour from a creation that GOD has illumined. The
" unconquerable mind and freedom's holy flame"
admit of no such usurpation, and it is iu rota
that man endeavours to hide what GOD would
reveal. If the nations of the Continent who
panted for liberty, shook off the yoke that linked
them to the triumphal car of NAPOLtON, and lent
their strength to the vile herd of Kings, who beguiled
them with promises end prospects of greater freedom
and relief from oppression, which they themselves
bad been the instruments in creating, and becamelen..
tangled in the toils of artifice and Legitimacy; let
this not be taken for the unchangeable triumph of
slavery, and the resistless establishment of despotic
power. It was bet a proof of the desire of the People
to be free, and of the power of the Nations of Europe
to assert their liberties. Men are now'reteroing to a
just sense of their present degradation, and they seem
intent on the assertion and recovery of their rights,;
—The .People every where appear to be deierrpined
on obtaining the recognition and the enjoyment of
the rights of Freemen ; and although on the Con.
tinent their progress is as quiet, as it is secure, they
know their own interests too well not to show that
they are as able to remove obstacles as they are qua.
lifisrd to enjoy freedom.
In Great Britain, where it is still a more difficult
task to suppress the spirit of liberty, equally daring
and criminal attempts have been made to de.
prive the People of their rights, arid to per.
petuate oppression. These efforts have been too
successful in preying upon property and invading
personal freedom. They have even been allowed to
esspend the Constitutional Law of the Country for a
[time, in order that the popular body might be in.
jilted, and their rights outraged with greater hope.
Oily. But this conduct and its approvers have met
with their reward in the voice and substantial embo.
dy ment of general 'secretion; and the love of liberty,
which has overcome so many obstacles and is im•
perishable in the breast of Britons, gives fresh hope
that new triumphs will be speedily acquired over the
system of oppression, corruption, and abuse, which
has created so many evils in this country.—
The People are panting to be relieved from the
abuses that are chaining them to the earth, and
threatening them with estinction as a free nation.
ft is ilisPossible but they must finally accomplish their
object. It is impossible that craft and force can eter.
sally subdue the powers of reason, and blight the
.fruit of knowledge. The People, of England are
most hatefully oppressed by corruption, in every
shape, and under every disguise. 'they see themselves
at home, the victims of their own credulity, and the
dupes of insidious artifice, by which they were drawn
into a war that was began for the istermination of
Foreign Liberty, and ended is all bet the utter !rani.
'lllation of every thing that could be dear to English-
men. Abroad, they find themselves cursed and hated
ever/ where, for the abominatioos that have beets
dose Ira their ease. The resources of the nation aro
ezbausted--heresergias are cramped. A Military
Establishment Is malatidned In the midst of peace, and
a majority of the House of Cammons is paid f,t vot.
log away do rights, the liberties, and the property of
the People. Can such things continue? Will not
the an be laid to the root of these evils sooner or
later? We cannot doubt it. The growing intelli.
genes of the world is prophetic of a change fur the
better. The goose of Commons crust be reformed ;
it must become tha echo of the public voice. The cry
for Reformation is just and snivels.' ; and `reformed
the Howe of Commons last by of all is lust.

5 ,

et
Ind A,
nib

ports Widow,

lie's' AA

•—• ya
tobjett `ef•lbb
(iv* the 900,000
•ladedhj tier
lain a lean or

they nt• reetiiit
*and byte' dated.:—
wills esIP--

tends frogs T,
a great distat
weinment boa
the contagion
and General
that be has adopted
guard against
that garrison.
French F

The return
minster has
&twiny in
country. A
holders and
on Monday

ginnN many
given, and dm
the health of
Several Rest)l
pendent mik,
eapretsive of
times, and tof
lion, and alb,
of the People,
about to he
ei
the " Independent
will be to seen( to t
County of Iff a}
lion in the 'moo,
company did
selves to meet
they consider
THE Qvr
of the State
had a Rued
Her MASa'r
to enable 0
Princeiti Au(
grand dinner
CA•lte:.house
wee, the '
merous part

' Sums,
the

Inas
;Ifirh
The
Qr

'Oh

The Deki
Freelances
,town to Nl
Cost, as P,
A Morning
that seventeen
time resident
ender the 1
ceived et Calais
1 picion of being '
Paris.
Ca!list
blistements .
The Duchess
lion of dogs,
and neatly
exhibits this Irk
animals, is y C-
is on a for "'rent
flightiest, ; Lad,
and magnificent ki
and Neeefour Nod.
walking neat
by her fat(
road, who,
il how, Ma'am,
exhibit with I
if so be, I s 1
1 a few dutch
laughed, and ,
of business.: ,
' Lord Curroa sailed from Dover on Saturday
last, in company with his father, Karl DARNLILY. ' '
and the Hon. Mr. Bt..oti, to join his family at-
Geneve. for a short period. It is his o i
rdship's
intention to return to
.Canterbury at the ensuiag `.
races. . . .
Daring the polling for a Member for the City of
Cork, Sir -Henry 1.3r0 ens Hayes tendered 'his'
uote.
The Assessor stated that there was an objection to
his voting, which was, that leo had been convicted of
11 a capital felony, fur carrying off a woman against
'her will, end that therefore he was tiliqualified fro*
voting. Sir Henry, in reply, said, he had obtained. ;.
the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor•Generila
respecting this, and it appeared that the only period
in which he weld have been disfranchised was OM
the ~tme sophist him was extant ; and the Cori.
partition not having availed themselves of their power
within that time, brass advised they coekl not dolt.,
after: Sir Henry then stated, that the lord Lino ;
tenant perdue, d him on going abroad, and the Goo j
moron of New South %Vales had remitted the tee. ,
inindfr of the sentence of transportation. After 111
eonsultationivet ween the Assessor and the friends it t 1: '
the dilfe,ent Candidates, it on agreed to admit tW •
ante. Sir Henry then voted for Mr. Ilutchianer-• ,
(Repel Assn Letter) .
Large bloods of ice base been rein so far sorb d .
the Nest Indies. A en" Poteo.iTo noe gave gi*e f•
a great seasetteini. beeving been lees is the latielitee.
hood of the ilahosao Wanda. i

~y

incis

per
ressch

:he
every

'ilea,
ig

hese
meld
ig dog
iotormed

-A

=-----.---____
--rs
itich.,Swlig:°bily Ph'il:Pseglaedvile:eohlef
gollatohaterr:to Ina•ttalkot:',.Oktritit:i.-
..
4.....7 Tills
41 )pAe
rYcen‘ T. 09111/ 4 /:: C, 1..,.,0_
.cuei;
,i;
try
hi:yr.:l:l
5 P" Ft. Na
' . Pi* • )ooke of I
IF "11d.fig1i.41440604r11141 he •..
- ' . • J. India . '. .
testariktioNljeble Mk of tb 41 '.?'. . Long RN; :fillmi p
,bilisigne.
woo Ike eellefll.n
rit
schery; , . , ,..,...riciatt of .
tunkrd . *rniipotlf fe • Illid .._____.._ . the 30th
e Mtn, sod oleo for tie• respectful treat- .. • • l'Catlig, or
4".• allifil,PAlNtiveeielli '. • .- . • R-- - •
what''. . . •, . 1 . • • 17" 'O.' . 41\2:: 14,1 nvefce fit
-- -_-Z-1-e i ~ 1 l : :. i. N. I
-----7"--7-----z",...41Mil JAI

• .•
Sl:if f •?.,
lint!, the Mu have cent, to head..
I sill Out a) to the Clisspirsey. Tbt
e.t.tllololl _ll se t be abut to whit lb,
• 1 I:I is
e accounts from Mod, id state that,
tit has et 101 l ennfirmed his Deem
' North, making Santander, Corea%
Aileen', liftmen opeWst44orel
fail ivuvia
li it the 16th of July u),,
loiapplik4W fail* brought lute *is
es
to that period, no the faith of tis
fori-firesisherpfititege as if 11 lid tai
h. nth of March. The Merchants it
derteeit bleetiog on the 1f th ell. on go
bb brriiijral, et which it was agreed
,080 reels (abut NOM.) a month
letilhviiittilObbt ;and thei It AO, cOnabs
If 'hat sem, they will mishit by ineasi4
ilapars.iltltkStrtbinti *hat equissthe .
',OOP for their oesprieseeitee 46,
stated..--the plow bat ascsin 'Appetit
eviolroce en the Matt of Africa. Is et.
Tunis to the frontiers of Mefeeiti,ell4 to.
Ince its the Interior. The. Gas
es adopted every nreesotins to resist •
so from commenitatlng with iss tetrrits•de.
•
Dow has written home from Gihralvt
adopted every practicable expedient NI
nst the iottodectioo of the Weak. II
n. •
!fads, Fire per Cents. f. 30 e,.
Ire of Sir F/LANCIS IlunortTT for Weil
• been celebrated Is/ various comisisl
n this City, and in some places in as
A respectable and select party of Fres.
d Friends to Constitutions, Reform, .tile
r, at the Still Tom, in Portsmouth,*
ate this event. As usual on those Mei
I Loyal and Conotitetional toasts we*
drank with enthusiasm, particularly who
of Sir Pita wog was given from the Chair.
solutions were entered into by the is& ,
laded persons assembled on this occult*,
of their determination to support at all
by all possible means, the Purity of Elect
be Free and todependeut Representation
vie, particularly by supporting a Club
*lnstituted in the County, to be coulee
,pendent Club," whose professed object
wore to the Inhabitant Freeholders of ll*
Hantas a Five. Fell, and Fair Represents.
Commoos House of Parliament. The
lid not separate without pledging them•
met annually 1,, commemoration of whet
ler so glorious en event.
rem —The account from Row yesterday
of the QUEEN was—•• Fier Ni A.l tArT has 7 •
night, sod continues mu. h the same."—e;
.r continued contpnard the day, so se
Ili; Nays, of Gt.OucesTett and the
tiotivrA to leave her, in he prevent at the
ter Moo by the Plttrite REGENT, at
lase, to the Duke and IL, hues of CLA.
Duke and Duchess of it suer, and a no.
57.
ke of Sours, es Grand Master of the
9 of the United Kind.-m, goes shortly
gorwich to attend the invall.tlan Me:
Provincial Grand Master of Naifolk.
dog Paper nays, '‘ We have been info reed
!en Fnetin If he inseehoninPontr y..fio werhea Ime be
s t seek l'
n r:set r :re ar
authority of the Alien Act, and were re.
;alai, by gem d'armes,• chars d sus.
slug implicated in the late cot ap racy is
two largest cite-
I of this k in.l, are in the heeds of two ladies.
els of Y omit has a most numerous collet.
r, of the smallest species, of every age,
of every country. The other Lady, who
lie remarkable attachment to these faithfal
lAdy CUTLERS ttGli ; but her collecrins
different scale frogs those of her Ropll
her Ladyship's being of the most pouerfel
ificent kind—Russian, Turkish, Spanish, -
oundland. Some time ago, her Ladyship,
ear her seat at North Cray, surrounded
Ivoerites, was addressed by a men on the
taking off his hat, said, " I suppose as
sm, you be a dog-fancier, or mayttap you •
th these here animals at different places;
I should be glad to join company, having
sting dogs of my own." Her Ladyship
nd informed him, she was not in that lisle
s..
