...

it was not judged
/ening with his slit
receiving the report
Carlton-house. Ili;
says the Reporter,
Sir HENRY H.
. remain in attendance.

tam Papers reached ut,
It. The anti-commercial
le Nnn-latercourse Acts,
hostilely enforced in some
Herald, of the 17th, states as

he British sloop Mary I
is port on Thursday
island, informs, Via no
iereafter be permitted to
m a part of the cargo on
,ould Wend as well to
(ed States having the pro-
board, as to those from
ndia produce on board.—
recollects her name or
escaped seizure by cut•
io sea ; and a schooner or
or no less difficulty."
Savannah Republican„ that
was arrested for trial in
the Chehaw village, made
;villa on the night of the

of fourteen sail of mer-
Ts on hoard, under the
sailed from Cadiz on the

put into 'felled& in dis-
being sick, and one of the
he fleet being in a leaky
era distributed among the
Joined on shore. The ex.

.DED
'ark Mercantile Advertiser,
lorroboration of the recent
the cession of Florida to
respectable house in New
from Cadiz, dated 26th
advice, had just been re-

lacing the conclusion of a

States." The Norfolk
the above intelligence, that
,hs since this treaty is said
id it is very extraordinary
luld not in that time have

oak from Port.eu.Prince,
prosch of CdRISTOPIIS to.
13th of July he was with.
(nice of 15,000 men, lie
into the town, claiming
to the subordinate of-
joining his standard, to
resent places. The agents,
out of the place with great
ted the place would soots

.OM A GENTLEMAN IN MO
30TH JUNE, 1818.

Mobile Militia, under my
march immediately lo Fort
All is peace and quiet-
sere his been three vessels
,1 seized and brought into
to Pensacola."
RIES.

lug vessels, which have been
r-Admiral MILNE, for ad-
Lheir fishing upon the coast
been released ; but with a
Lhe same indulgence would
lem. The other three, which
M English harbours to the
libelled, and will be tried
4ralty.

lion of the Court thereon,
, relating to the fisheries,
of Peaceof 1783, and the
.nt, again into collision and
the division of sovereignly
may have been affected by
as to deprive the citizens of
leir former right of fishing;•
as, is the matter to be de.
mots of London and Wash-

ry rumours now afloat on
that Russia is to be divided
th, West, and South, ever
lace his three brothers, with
be remains supreme head of
what ground thereit for
east extent of the Russian
magnitude of the territory
Autocrat, suggests many
appears toogreat, and the
ainEuropeare tooenlighten-
It is impossible that Poland,
Ind the benefits of so many
long remain ander the

, and military Government of
blemish* progress of knowledge
among the population of Russia
if render the Government

1.4 4.44' • • ,
,
1 ,
- .
111 . . TIIE STArr ESApt,tl4l
. ~
_ The Duke of Wellington is preparing to %nit his if it contributes to this prnsneiity of the Stite, the state of replete, from which ii
bead.querters at Cambray for Ais-le-Chapelle, ac- end that I proposed to myself in taking this import- to disturb her. After convey
cornflanied by several Officers of his Staff, and his Ant shy is completely tittained." shoot half an hour, end rece
smite. Amidst thetsainful circumstances attending tit- Nisaassattao, Seer 10.—We ure soured that they
Physicians, he returned to Cs
Occupation of our territory by foreign troops,,wit aro engaged for I..mF time at Vienna, with the pro.
owe it to justice to acknowledge that the cominasid. •ject of modify ing the Constitution of the Provincial Highness was 819/199 and, sa,
log Generals have maintained amongst them themes, lea/es ill the German countries of the Ausitists 1.110- peered depressed in spirits."
*seer,* and 'oratorio discipline, and that upon all natal, taking for a basis the 13th Attiele of the and Sir FRANCts Minsam re
occasions they were eager to alleviete as much as in Act of the Germanic. Confederation ' • but, es" yet, a —seses--
their power, the burdens *adored by the Inhabitants draught of the pr,ject has merely been drawn, of Norfolk and other Amerii
EXTRACT OP A MUTATE LETTER. which the moo p uticii is arponed till the nest winter.
this. morning to the 18th ult
1 ATI-LA-CRAMER, SEPT. 18.—Independently df It is believed that Austria is disposed to establish a
regulations arising out of the
the fine country seat hired for his Majesty the Ern- Representation in the German Provinces, and to
ear to be ver
peror of Russia outside the town, a fine_Palace has grant them all the tights necessary for a concurrence appystrictlyand h
been engaged by his orders in the interior. It is tire ifs iell'sisliftn, and the voting of imposts. ports. The Norfolk Herald;
tr .
t .
cusiti,
month, to deliberate same that was formerly the residence of the FrenchFRIBURD, Seer. 7. —An extraordinary Grand follows :
Prefects. 'Heated in the Grand Roe de Cologne. ICouncil is convoked for Tuesday, the 15th of this cc Captain NELMS, of 11!
The Hotel of the Burgomaster, M. Ile
Rae de Jacques, near the market, will be occepied the Jesuits into this Canton. Opininns are very much
'
by the Duke of Wellington. Lord Castlereagh has divided on this important affair, and it is difficult to in 13 days from Turks' Is!
concluded an engagement n
for the tainsio of NI. foresee the result of it. American vessels would her
Schoteseer, a merchant in the Rue Klein.Marschier- on the proposition of admitting
,
VIENNA. to SEPT 10.—The Emperor of Austria will
Frances, which arrived at thil
touch there, if they had ever
• Stress.. travel to Aix-la-Chapelle incognito, under the title board. This regulation too
lik
It is now known with certainty, that the King of of the Count tie Hapsburg.
Prussia will artily* here on the 21th, the Emperor of It is said, that on the arrival of the Emperor at
Austria on the 25th, and the Emperor of Russia on Frankfort, there will appear a new Declaration of vessels direct from the Uuitec
duce of the United States on
the 27th instant. Austria, respecting several important and delicate' the Islands having West Ind!
°entracte of provisions, &c. for the tables of the questions, on which the Diet are divided in opinion.
A ship (Captain N. neither
Sovereigns, have been entered into atvery considera. CON4TANTINOPLE, Auo. IL—Amongst the no-
where she belonged) barely e
ble sums; the foresters have received orders relative merous fires which have for some time taken place !
ling he: cable and putting to
oi to the quantity of game they are bound to provide here, two hose excited general attention; the first
weekly. Arrangements have been made to procure broke out in open day on the 17th ult. in the quer- sloop also escaped with little
the finest bah that our rivers produce; end fly. tars between the gate of Sultan Selim and that of It appear!, from the Say
chariots are established for the conveyance of oysters Adrianople; it burnt for seven hours, and destroyed Capt. n
—BED. WRIGHT, who
end salt-water fish from Antwerp to Ail-la-Cha. 1600 houses and shops, chiefly belonging to the in. September, for destroying II
pelle with the utmost rapidity. &gent class: the second broke out in the eight of the iris escape from Milledgevil
BRUSSELS, SEPT. 17.—Great complaints have Ist inst. in a stable of the Valede Kysyossi, and de.
27th July.
been trade here, for some time past, on account of stroyed between 300 and 400 houses, together with
the dearness of onions, which is attributed' to the half the grocers' shops belonging to the Jew.. Incen. The Spanish expedition,
i
ls monopolizing spirit of the English, which extends to diary placards have also been posted op in the suburb chentmen, with 3000 trot)]
t 1 every thief( that offers the appearance of lucrative
of Pers. Several individuals have been arrested, on
whom were found inflammable materials. convoy of a frigate which at
speculation.
20th May, bound to Lima,
I : HASIBURDIr, SEPT. 11.—We have very- fine wen- 1 tress, the Commander beic
then here: provisions are, however, very dear; This FLdNDERS MAIL. largest ships belonging to th
is attributed to the enormous exportation of them
. —sae—
for England. condition ; the troops wed
,
MADRID, Strt. 9.—On the demand of the Allot.. Bnusser.s, SEPT. 20.—The foreign soldier who, fleet ; the Commodore remai
ney-Getieral of the Couneil of the Mesta*, the after, assassinating M Cockrell, disappeared, was pedition had again sailed.
4 4 , Council of Castile has ordained that the General
Juntas of this Body shall be held this year in Me. Nand the day before yesterday hanging in a garden FLORIDA C
situated on the &Impart des Moines,which he entered E O
An article in the Nero For
drid. The Council of the Mesta is composed of the in the absence of the occupier. According to the re.
of the Bth ult. atates,as a co
great Proprietors of Merino flock, and is ordinarily i port of the surgeons he must have been dead about.
.• , under the Presidency of a Councillor of Castile. We two days. Ile attempted some dayi before to drown report, via Havaunah, of II
are assured that ibis i„stitutioi, is of 1200 ) es& a„.. himself in the Senne. This man, who was of a via the United States, " that a t
tiquity. It is certain that it existed before the 'time lent character, had been guilty of a similar crime at York has received a letter
of Cardinal Ximenez, who erected it into a tribunal, Lyons, where he had assassinated an Officer. Thus tia
may, which mentions that
under the Presidency of a State Councillor commis. he has only done justice upon himself. calved from Madrid, annoui
taloned by the King. This Council nes formed to de They write from Paris, that some of the French
fend the privileges grouted to these flocks under the elites included in the Royal Ordinances will very Tree with the United !
r t
feudal system, during which, as recourse ores con.. shortly receive permission to return to France. The Paper justly remarks OD the
stantly had to arms, moveable property was prefer- Government has not thought it politic to adopt a ge- it is now about three month
able to any other, and the principal wealth of the neral measure with regard to them, but has reserved to have been concluded 9 and
nation consisted in the flocks. There arose a kind to itself the right of making exceptions according to that
our Government shou
of war between the agriculturists and the privileged times and circumstances.
Socks as soon as agriculture began to be protected, The Duke of Richelieu is to be at Aix.le-Chspelle been apprised of it.
but the Council of the Mesta has been enabled so ef- by the 26th of this month. The Doke of Wellington An arrival at New Ye
• Newell), to defend the Merinos, that they still pre- will arrive there shout the same time. The con- gives intelligence of the app
serve all the prerogatives they enjoyed in times more ferences will commence in the beginning of October. wards that place. On the 1
1, ancient. The Spanish economy are not agreed on Baron Barbier, charged by the Austrian Govern.
in 15 miles of it, with a fo
4 . the advantages toad disadvantages of these sorts of meta with the liquidation of the claims of Austria
.• • privileges. upon France, has finished the mission with which he had sent several agents i
It appears that orders have been issued to direct was intrusted at Paris. He will stay in that city its submission, and offering
• towards Cadiz the troops destined for the American j only till he receives a part of the sums which France cers, on condition of their
expedition. , has engaged to pay by the last arrangements made
I retain them in their prese
Svnasnuonn, SEPT. 14.—Though the Allied troops on the subject. however, had been driven c
x Pali"' It was "Pact'
have every where returned into cantonments, after BERLIN, SEPT. S.—There Is a great deal said here ,A:
the review of the left wing of the Army of Occupa. about the new division of the Russian Empire, which '
tion, yet the Officers, both Generals and soldiers, may lead to important consequences. It is affirmed be besieged.
• are onanimous in their expectations to return to their that the Emperor, like Dioclesian, will divide his EXTRACT OF A LETTER FRO
respective countries before the beginning of win- vest Empire into the North, South, and West divi•
BILE, DATED 30T
ter. It is even said, that dispositions have been made sions, to place over them his three brothers, with
for their departure, the elect period of which is not the titles of Kings (Czars), and that he will he the ,r One company of the
yet determined. As to the future destination of the supreme head of the whole. The geographical sites. command, are ordered to fi
troops of the left wing of that army, opinions -Vary. tion of Russia is well adapted to this project, which Dail, in the Indian nation.
s
Some maintain that they will take posse; iona on the besides seems very favourable to a constitutional of, ness in Pensacola. There
1... right bank of the Rhine, whilst others think that they ganization. ' loaded with African negroe!
will 'elite to their respective countries. All uncer. Ats-LA-Cusest.t,
SErr. 19.—Prince Augustus of Mobile, which were bound
r Witty on that point will soon cease to Feist. Prussia has returned from his tour to France.
BERLIN, SEPT. 6.—The Prince of Wittgenstein, The Duke and Duchess of Cumberland set oat on it E
Minister of Police, has been appointed to accompany the IGth for Berlin. Of eight American fishin
the King to Ait-la.Chtpelle. .
1 The grand review has commenced, although troops - judication, on account of th
. PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONK O'CLOCK.
arrive still from several points. The grand evolu• of Nova Scotia, five have
lions, however, will tint take place till after the ar- Hank Stock 5
Hoods 75 p r Cent. Navy MU
3 per rent. Red. India full understanding that th,
rival of the Emperor of Russia. There will also 3 per Cent.Consub 741} Long Ann.
. not again be granted to that
take place on that occasion great exorcises in swim- 55 per Cent. liseberpter Kills
1 ' 15 17 p
r ming. The best swimmers of all the corps will
41 tprne.r4oter:tr Acc. 741 f Oinniuns 4t die. were discovered fishing in
• unite in one column, which will traverse the
Spree swimming, and will fight a sham battle, attack. -- - - -
ing en enemy's corps posted on the opposite side of
the river. THE STATESMAN. This trial, and the decisi
, The Deputies of the Electoral Mark end of the will bring the questions,
i' * New Mark (Brandenburg) have been summoned to • 'arising out of the Treaty 1
deliberate on the means of meeting the provincial ex- LONDON: subsequent Treaty of Ghen
i- pence!, and in particular of discharging the provio.
controversy. how far ti
cial debts more frequently. They are the Delegates TRIDAY, SEPTEMBER, 25, IRIS.
.. made in the treaty of peace
of the Nobles, the Burghers, and the Peasants, and
.—.00....—. the Treaty of Ghent, so a
ire regarded as Provincial States. It appears that oar .
future Representatives will be elected in the same THE QUEEN. the United States of thei
manner. A great diversity of opinion is observed to The official Bulletin of ber NI —AJLlTT'Shealth,issued upon coasts and in harboin
exist between the Deputies of the Noblesse and those this
morning, is more favourable than the preceding termined by the two Cabin
of the Peasants. The Deputies of the towns make announcements,
but the private accounts represent iugton.
common cause with those of the Peasants, but the
the symptoms as still of the most discouraging ch.- -ass
Deputies of the Noblesse have hitherto bad the pre-
' i
i ponderauce. racier. 'lle Bulletin of this morning is as follows : Among the extraordinar;
Some persons express dissatisfaction at the ap-
intment of Count office The QUEIDI
Bernstortf to the of M. bas slept well in " Kew Palace. Sept. y-5,
"the night, and is a little better into three parts, the Nora
this morning than yesterday. the Continent, it is said tt
po
, mister for Foreign Affairs, because he is a foreigner.
(Signed) it F. AMMAN, which Ar.r.XANDEit will pia
In other respects every justice is due to his talents, "
H. II ALFORD." the title of Kings, while b
his experience, and his personal qualities.
ti CARLSKUDE, SEPT: 13.—A1l the Communes and Her ManstrY passed the whole of the previous the whole. We know not
s Corporations vie in presenting to his Royal Highness night in a state of great pain and restlessness ; at: this assertion beyond the v
addresses of thanks for the new Constitution. The though, from the favourable appearances of the pre. Empire. The increasing a
following is the answer that his Royal Highness has ceding evening, a good night had been anticipated.—, subject to the Russian I
f 's made to that of the 20 Communes of the territory of
Both the Physicians, assisted by Mr. BRANDE, wens probable speculations. It I
I Cirlsruhe:--
6' I base heard, with a lively sensibility, the es• in attendance nearly the whole of the night, and to- newly.acquired dominionsi
pression of the sentiments of gratitude and fidelity wards eleven o'clock, her MAJESTY became more ed for the Government. It
that the inhabitants of the territory of Carlsruhe have composed, and sunk into her usual torpor; and in this accustomed to liberty, an
for a long time manifested towards my (rouse. If sta.tesh econtinuedthroughootthedly, almost perfect. civilized institutions, can
the Constitution which has given place to the eaves. 1
y silent, and taking scarcely any thing but her medi. slavery of ail arbitrary and
,ion of these sentiments is regarded as a benefit, and
t •
-- tines. The PRINCE REGENT arrived from Cartton.bouse Russians. The Increasing
% `, The Meta ia a pastoral fair in Spain. The word also ern at five o'clock. He did not remain Many minutes in and liberating ideas among
braces she Code Mksl,lllltan Rege.latione relating to the am-
. aasuacat .ir the ino sheep. her MlJEsix's Chamber; as she was apparently In a itself, mast speedily either
•
. .
. ._.
• •
•
_ -
—.....---
, . ~ •
. .
