LP
4 111011.

" The Cause
.for which HAMPDEN fell ii

M I DDLF.SEX ELECTION.
WHITBREAD AND REFORM.
'TATS OP THE POLL, EI.rnENTN DA% .
Mr. WIIITPIREAD . ISO 3,437
Mr. Bv .I;
Mr. Mewstt ..
To TIIE FeerltuLDZes (Pr MIDDLEsE%.
THE tracing majority which the Ministerial
Candidate has this :My obtained over us, so far from
being a cause of regret. may he considered, in the present
state of the eontest. an a triumph : but we oust be Retire
and vigilant. always remembering that Corn:Winn never
sleeps. and that her son.. are Incessantly plotting the destruc-
tion of our liberties. Hasten then to the hustings. and place
the @tit ovate of Reform higb upon the poll.
By Order of the Committee.
CHAS. NHAW LEFEVRE, Jun. Chairman.
Freemasons' There, March
The Polling will continue on Good Fridav, as usual.

THIRTY PEE CHM 1.74F1ER ANT HAT W ARE-
HOUSE IN EMIL iND.

ICI JACKSON, Hat Manufacturer, SR, Barbican,
gi.—/• near the Pity Repository. has militantly on sale a
most estensit e assortment ofevcry description of Hats and
Heater Bonnets; also a great variety of (iold colour Seal
Turbans.—Likewise Ho) s ('loth Prussian raps of superfine
cloth. only U.—Leather lists and Caps from 9d.—The Pub-
lic • ill find a !treat saving by purehnsing as above.—Jack-
son's New int elated treble risrerr.l hest superfine it
Hats at onto ytk.—they are decidedly the cheapest and most
eletrant lints vier .itterrd to the public.—The new improved
Patent Water-proof lint, Silk und Heat et, at old) l!ot. ;
this hat u ill wear three time: as lona. as those imitations
now from Ids. to ISs. and upwards, by almost mere
Hayti.; want of them call themseltes manufacturers.—The
Trade suppre.l as usual.
N. H. 01.1 I tats covered with silk, and made equal to new.
Ilk, (141.—N0 onpnid Letters received.

_ _ 1 E 111144
(FROM TIME SIERRA LEONE ROTAL GAZETTE.)

Fa rrrowx, DKr. IS, 1%19.-31uelo controversy having
arisen. and lt misrepresents!' and inisconception
having prevailed respecting the local circumstances of
this settlement, it is conceived not improper, on our part,
to enumerate a few inconveniences generally incident to
tropical soils anti climates, and to settlements of new
foundation, from which it is exempted.
I. The tornadoes which prevail at the commenrentent
and at the close of the rainy seasons, are generally sup-
posed by strangers to he violent, furions, irre.istihle,
anti destructive in their rage, like the hurricanes in the
. .

West Indies, and the tiffoort; in the East ; whereas, in
truth, their Utmost influence, as shown in their effects,
is much more moderate than those of an ordinary storm
in England. There is scarcely an instance of a com-
mon thatched cottage being blown down, or even un-
roofed by them, during a whole season ; and we do not
know any one instance of &shingled house being in any
part uncovered by them. Ships at single anchor will
sometimes drive by the joint influence of a tornado and
of the current ; but if moored, they ride out without
bring affected. All damage from violent winds may,
therefore, be placed out of the catalogue of our evil vi-
sitations.

2. Thunder and lightning being eetreinely prevalent,
and the former being lona and the latter vivid, beyond
what is Itssown in Europe, the usual fatalities attendant
upon these formidable displays of the rage of powerful
elements, are generally reckoned upon as following of
course. But we are not aware of any instance of fatal
nr misehievons consegnesice from this cause, beyond a
story of the striking of the top-mast of one vessel, s iiiii e
years since, at Bence Island; we have not heard of any
instance, however renstee, of a human being, or any
si tic or wild animal, or any habitation, or any tree
in our extensive forests, being stricken.
3. Placed as we are in a p.trt of Africa, naturally the
most savage and barbarous, and as yet hut impertectly
settled, predatory incursions—treacherous, hostile, and
murderous ambuscades--way-layings and surprises
might be apprehended fr the surrounding natives,
similar to those we frequently read of as haying taken
place on the confines of the United States, and of the
original Americans in the back settlements; or to those
of which we read, with more near concern, as having
taken place on the outskirts of the British col 'es in
New South IVales, or at the Cape of liond Hope. But
here we ale not only seenre and undisturbed, iu our own
territory, hut perfectly safe in all expeditions of business
or curiosity to the neighbouring native settlements.
The small traders of the colony earr7 considerable pro-
rely in canoes into the adjacent rivers, and proceed
into the interior as far as the navigation of those rivers
will admit ; they dispose of their merchandise and lay in
a return of rice, millet, rattle, palm-wine, ivory, or such
other commodities as the place may afford, and come
back to Sierra Leone. This trade is carried on with as
much constancy and regularity, and is as little liable to
accidents as any branch of domestic or coasting trade in
England. Casual interruptions will take place; but in
all that have COMP to the lehowledge of the Colonial tiro-
vernment in the latest years, the colonial traders were
as culpable as the natives, if not more so; in truth, it
often happens, that petty traders, getting a stork of
European commodities on credit, and mere frequently
still, that Kroomen and Brumettas, employed as trades-
men or supercargoes of canoes, assume to themselves an
importance to which they have no title ; and indulging
in vanity and slissipation,enskroil themselves be intrigue
and seduction, and incur the mischiefs incidental to
such improprieties. thsarrels occasionally ensue, at-
tended sometimes with blows and bloodshed, bat seldom
with losanf life or limb, or with any dangerous wound ;
but the offender is more t..tscrally made to pay for his

LONDON, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1820.

I, and SYDNEY died on the Scaffold."'

trantiressions, chiefly occurring in the seduction of
grmen ; and thus the trade-property suffers, to the in-
y of the owner or crediting merchant at Sierra Leone
their ordinary occupations within the colony, the
habitants are as safe, anal as little molested, as in any
iprt of the world. lioods easily moveable are subject to
predations, and the stores where they are deposited
ire often broken, for the purpose of carrying them off.
ut this is alone without any of that determination and
eparation to add violence, and even murder,tn robbery,
the event of resistance, which so often distinguishes
istch crimes in the most civilised nations. Murders arc
sometimes committed here; but not in the course of
Vbbbery ; but in the heat of passion, or in the despera-
fon of revenge--both particularly incidental to Un-
igivilised people, through quarrels in gambling, or on
*count of women.
1. Wild beasts are considered by our friends at home
es the constant companions of our excursions, and ye-
pinions reptiles as necessary inmates of our habitations.
is true, that these plagues are not far from us ; I re-
'rent number of the Aliarioxary &Oster coulairts an in-
stance of a child carried off by a tiger or leopard from
King Ileorge's town, opposite to us, on tie ltulloin
shore ; and in the native town, at Cape Coast-castle, we
are told 11101 melancholy accidents are frequent. /tut
in this colony we only hear uow.and then uf a leopard,
or more pro{ at iger-cat, for the anima! is scarcely
ever seen attacking' a sheep or a goat, or a fowl ;oast, in
the night. The lion and the elephant are now altoge-
ther withdrawn from our peninsula, although lint a very
few years since a considerable herd of elephants came
close to Colonel Maxwell's farm, oat one of the moun-
tains which overhang Freetown. Wild hogs are, we
understand, still to be found in the less-frequented woods
of the colony, but they are not dangerous; they are of
a small kind, anal are sometimes Lilted or taken by
sportsmen. Venemons reptiles are more common, but
we do nut hear of any accident arising fr them. Se-
veral descriptions of the snake are daily seen, whose
bite is said to he mortal, but we never hear any hotly
Wing bitten by them; although the Kroomen, and the
other natives of the lower classes, walk about culls:allay
with bare feet, anal pass through grass li-Ids, and pene-
trate into the recesses of the woods in their ordinary oc-
cupations of fetcliiipc lire-wood anal provender for lior: es.
Cestipoles, scorpions, and tarantulas, tilili their way into
one houses, alit will ltiply there if not kept down
by cleanliness: but these creatures prey upon and de-
stroy each other, not molesting man, unless when dis-
turW by his iminediate contact; and constant sweeping,
in the maiiiier used in England to keep away comninti
spiders, will expel them altogether, and prevent them
from re-settlement.

Jiv Mosquitoes were, till recently, little known here ;
in the last rains, and since the close of the last rainy
season, they have been rather numerous, and often trou-
blesome. particularly in the prevalence nff..ertain winds,
as if they brad been brought by those winds from places
on tie adjacent shores, more favourable to the produc-
tion of them ; still they by no means can he recognised
as tepproaching to that kind of plague which they eon-
saw in other colonies. They are, in fact, not tvor,e
gnats L. /Lagload in a got summaer. The bed►
re are rarely provided with mnseinitoe nets; and those
that are so provided, are never closed with the care used
in the countries much infested by those insects.
6. This article would he extended to too great a
length, if we should recount every diversity in Sierra
Leone which constitutes relief fruit discomforts incident
to other !dares similarly satiated : we will, therefore,
content ourselves with a summary of the most promi-
nent. Cowl) dr 'aril is unknown, and brain fevers, re-
sulting from exposure to the heat of the son, are almost
equally strangers : either may, prooli:011y, lie brought on
by eoliths:lM imprudence, lint the system of being car-
ried in palaminins in the heat of time day, universally
followed in India, is altogether unknown to the gentle-
men of this colony, and is only occasionally used by the
ladies. Wheel carriages are equally unknown; gentle-
men go about at all hours, as business calls ; sometimes
on horseback, but more frequently on foot, anti little
regarding the ordinary protection of an umbrella. Ex-
cursions into the country, to see the tow,* and settle-
ments of the liberated negroes, require an exposure of
nearly the entire day, including the hottest part ; yet the
same persons visit them several times in the season, ac-
cording as new parties invite, without suffering any in-
convenience.

7. The nocturnal dews are represented as having the
most fatal effects in most hot countries; but in Sierra
Leone no inconvenience whatsoever is felt from this
cause : it is the universal citstoni here to walk home from
every party ; and not unusual even to walk about for
pleasure in the tine moonlight night. which hare the
inspiring effect on liar-means nights,
they have on
th• native., and often induce :hem to go forth to we the
moonlight dances and revels by which- the memory of
home and country is kept up among the ruder nations
comprised in our population ; for the instructed Christian
part celebrate them by singing psalms and hymns.
We trust there will be found reason to coniratulate the
solony on the exemptions thus far recited; but there err
many more which we reserve fur a (attire article.

1/seemliest I.—on Sunday his Excellency the Bo-
rernor embarked on board his blajesty's brig Thistle,
and sailed for the river tiatuhia. His Excellency is ac-
e panied by Brigade Major Chisholm, A. Sir!soil,
31. It. Staff Surgeon, the chief superintendent of cap-
tured negroes, anal the second Colonial Surgeon. The
present flourishing state of astir settlements in that puff-
ier must prove highly gratifying to his ExceHenry, sm-
iler whose immr•dia'e 3itstricr% they were esialslished ;
indeed, the exclusive trade of this vest river, slow .4-
enred to us, present• the most cheering prospects. 'the
facility of communication and commerce we thus enjoy
with the numerous nations I'OIItiZOOOA to its hank'
holds out c sercial advantages almost inealenlahle, at
the same time giving the delightful hope that British
philanthropy will vet rescue Africa from the titters of
slavery anal superstition.
His Excellency's presence at these settlements will
inspire fresh confidence and vigour in those engaged in
'the good cause, and will present to his comprehensive
mind new sourer@ for the extension of civilisation and
British commerce.

With pleasure, we again novice the arrival of more
ve.selp chartered to take lumber from the colony. IN
Wednesday, the Doris, and on Thursday, the fiowson,
two large ships, came into harbour. This valuable
branch of African commerc" is now carried on with an
energy that does credit to the parties concerned, and
which plainly testifies that it is, likewise, advantageous
to them.

On Thursday, the schooner Nancy, of London, the
property of 31r. John Rowe, arrived, after a passage of
twenty-three days, from that port. By her a supply of
cony-ode has heen received, which will enable ns to cele-
brate the approaching period of festivity with our accus-
tomed good fore.

PRICE SEVEN PENCE.

MR. OWEN..

The following Address to Robert Owen, Esq. from the
inhabitants of New Lanark, was presented to that gen-
tleman on Monday evening last, at the New Institutunn,
by a Committee appointed for the purpose. A tuns:-
di-rabic number of the villagers were present on the oc-
casion :

TO ROBERT OWE'(, IN.
Sta—A continuation of former privileges, and a re-
cent instance of your unceasing attention to our well-
being, afford u, an opportunity of again presenting our
grateful acknowledgments. These, Sir, we beg you
will accept, not as the constrained suffrages of a people
borne down by accumulated labour, and overawed by
the authority of severe regulations. but as the unequi-
vocal sentiments of our hearts, arising from a course of
uninterrupted good treatment, and from contrasting our
lot with the circumstances of the many thousands
throughout the kingdom who are in abject misery,
whose hearts are torn while their children look op to
them for that sustenance which is not in their power to
give. While then, Sir, we would sympathise with those.
we are happy in offering to you our thanks, not merely
for bread, but also for many superior advantages which
we and our families continue to possess.
We have felt how conducive a reasonable period of la-
bour is to the comfort of the poor man,and have proved,
we trust, that a man encouraged by the prospect of end-
ing his day's work in ten and a half hours, will exert him-
self and do as much as when it is protracted considerably
beyond that time.
Relieved also from much of that anxiety which a pa-
rent continually engaged io watching over a young- fa-
mily st naturally feel, we return you our grateful
thanks for the establishment of au Infant School and
as you continue to give the education of our children in
the more advanced classes so much of your attention, are
are happy it has been demonstrated to us that even in in-
fancy they may be trained to regular habits, and that a
chill can hanlly be too young to learn.
We would also advert to your goodness, in retaining
in employ all the people who were thrown idle by the
late alarming tire, and also in paying them wages in full,
since the accident took place, without receiving front
their labour a return by any means adnitiate. Your kieil-
ness in these respects has exceeded their most sangssine
expectations, neither ale we know from what other guar-
ter such things might have been expected in similar Li:-
cut:lsta noes.
We beg, Sir, you will present to the absent proprio-
tors our renewed expressions of esteem for them, its the:r
c.)-operation with you in forwarding whatever is for
good of their servants in this village.
We conclude, Sir, by cordially wishing that &dec.-, i
may attend your intentions of beeinning a Meotho: vs'
the ensuing Parliament, and that your disinterested
exertions on behalf of the poorer orders, may.seun bo
rewarded by seeiug the practical adoption of those plaus
which you have devised for promoting their intisrest, by
putting them in possession of privileges sttch as we
(Signed by the President and Secretary.)
510. OWEN'S REPLY.
FRIENOP, ASSOCIATES, ANN i AESINT.CNTS—Ateet the -
long experience you have had of the results producri
the arrangements which, twenty years ago, were devise"
to improve yotir condition, I receive with peculiar plea-
sure these expressions of your feeling z, governeil, as
they evidently are, by a sound shad discriminating jtclg-
inent.

lturing twenty years that the establishment has b e.i
under my management, it has been my chief business !,)
put these arrangements into practice, that, through your
example, the working classes generally in this anti 11
other countries, may he rendered capable of attaining
those advantages to which they are justly entitled. an I
which it will be for the interest of all ranks they slum I
enjoy. I'o hear, then, from you, in this unequivocal
manure, that, when severe distress pervades both
manufacturing anti i•ericultnral districts, you and yietc
families possess not merely the comforts of life usual i 3
your situation, but many superior advantages, is, juice I,
most gratifying to my teelings.
This spontaneous testimony of the practical result of
those !principles which I advocate, is an unanswerah'e
refut.ttion of the random assertion so often made with:l.lf
any knowledge of the subject, that the measures I re-
i•iniiitiend t.ir the relief of the poor and worlcing clas—s
are visionary and impracticable. Hereafter such s•soi-
fi..ially informed obj:•etors, to deserve credence fur tue:r
assert c, °nein to show some proof that they are ;•
tpiainted with the facts which exist here, anti that Lb. y
also kit • what is, and what is not, practicable in toe
silences of mural and political economy.
To hare substaistially attained in practice the am.-'::s-
rations which yon have mum-rated, is an impurtant
step gained in the glinted which I have undertaken:
emit/it in whirls, of necessity, the whole host of pri...,•1••
diets whirls have been first received into the human
mind in ages of comparative inexperience, must be op-
parsed to my progress.
The time and expense which have been necessary to
put you in possession of the benefits for ivliich you nn
thank use, have been amply re•taid by tit.• long conti-
nued general good emidnet of tile nnnun-oti• inhabitants
of this village. Ton hare also nore praved, by years
of experience, that in ten hours and a half, a full day's
work can he performed most a•lsatitageonsly fur tiro
operatives and their employers. The nniforin attentitil
which you have evinced to esetlec with fidelity the tit:-
ties of rine respective situations, creates on my part a
natural desire to watch over your Interests as over (hos.•
of my own family. In consequence, when so uutily
hundreds of you were lately deprived of your regitliir
occupations by the fire which destroyed one of the miik,
it gam. 111 e as minis pleasure to secure you other esuplor •
mew., at full wages, as you could receive in obtainit;_.
them; and in these feelings I sits sere the absent Ft,-
prietors will always unite with me most corilialtv.
accept my acknowledgment for the kind wish You
have expressed, that may obtain a seat in the ise. ir
Parliament; and that the plans I have desired to ame-
liorate the condition of the poor and working classes
may hr mean adopted, that those who are now destitiite
may obtain the privileges you already posse's. fily stile
motive in desiring a seat in the House of Commons Is.
to plead the cause of the labouring classes iu that place,
:mil under those circumstances, in which alone it can
new advocated with the elfett that the importance of
the subject demands. The'time to take this step in the
progress of the system whichl!ftas been the business et.
my life to mature, is arrived. '')early thirty years at
that period have been employed,to prove, by experi-
ment, the truth and practicability of the principles oti
which the system is founded; a system whirl' is &bent
to produce a pester change in society than has yet. or..
ever at
r
tc hure rwe di
to'rel
al od
rzy baeb eec hnoapncpre.edt teouotlo, lawettxmi
sci Pn
pnarlvel results,
enred t:
ting
Serially ameliorate the condition of every class, frum the
