STAWBM2I%,

Sts,—Publit opinion, eVerAlsticised to fiettattilli
is now apparently on the eve e( a change: that Inv
event` irhich govern that ettlinlen in a greet tisek‘
sure; Fare about to change. I aCknowledgi4llo
many honest political writers have, fer a long tithe,
happily without effect, foretold the ruin of the
country from its total corruption of manners and
principles; together with the discouragement to pew,
triotism. Writers Who prognotticate tultsfortnii4
are generally considered as splenetic visionaries,'
who, from disappointment, have given theMselves np
to wcroakiug melancholy. This is not My case ;as
an individual I have but little to gain or to lose ;
bit I have those I love who are to live after me, and
['cannot but feel a lively interest in their happiness
and prosperity. I observe there .are distinguished
writers in your Paper, whose estimate of the man.
ners and of the principles of the times is, is my
opinion, just. The most awful predictions into '
rally arise out of them, and which ought to be tone
fided in, but are neglected at this moment. Nava
my belief is, that if they had been divinely inspir-
ed, they would not, for some time past, have been
confided in, nor scarcely attended te. do op,
however, their sentiments cannot he always uttered.
in vain, the last veil is about to be rent from the eyes
of kindred; and they will then see the cause of the
miseries they will be threatened with.
Conquest has in all ages exalted and expanded the.'
views of a conqueror. The designs of our enemy,
therefore,—the calling for resistance and frustration,
were neither unnatural nor uncommon. They were,
however, effectually checked, and his conquerors,
in their turn, have been struck with the mania yod
have so often exposed, from which I cannot but anti-
cipate distress, if not absolute ruin, to our Allies
and ourselves. Your's &c.
Little Hritaiu, Feb. 15. JOHN BULL.

I, A. • .s- .--
T 6 THit kDiTitli Or THE STORSMAN.
Sia,4-Chtiteritporineotts Opinions and judgments
,t , formed if individuate and widest., ate generally the
! offspring Of ignorance end prejudice, local attach-
e,
the ' Menae anti proscribing partialities. The passions'
* conttitutt theitiseliet into a cdurt, of which they are
and jut once the judicial jury, tyrants; the packed j • ald
;
pa- the suborned eitstesset.
•ttilie, History alone forms adequate dpirtirins of the in=
Aries, ttinsic qualities, merits and demerits of individuals
Ares n p and nations. Shb dissipates the iilusidns of a night
i of error, and Nadi& all the realities of i day of
'ase ; as truth; she establishes dim the mortality of wrong
to lose ;
j the immortality of right. Borne down updri the
• me, and 1 stream of time, let anticipation place us in the tribu,
happiness I nil of impartial posterity, which dpdaittg the page of
tinguished history, after weighing her evidence, reasonings,
and deductions, assigns to individuals and nations
of the man. i
. r 1 their appropriate niches in the temple of temp:
Is is, In thY 1 Our attention is first challenged by the wonderful
lictioo. "at" ! series of events, which have succeeded each other sd
ight to be tone i rapidly for the last twenty years. The French na-
noment. Nay, 1 don and her Emperor are pre-eminently cousp:cueus
divinely inspir-
:is actors In the above drama. The diversity of opi-
to have been nion respectiog the diameter and conduct of NAtio-
!
past, 1 r.tos is such, that an impartial observer finds it ditli.
ed te. Go op, cult
to alter any satisfactory conclusion. The dif.
be always uttered.! fiCalf*arftlf, not somech from the misrepreseritation*
e rent from the eyes 1 and 'glaring falsehoods of his enemies, as from the
see the cause of the difference of opinion in some of his former admirers&
I with. The English had en opportunity, during the peace of
Amens, of ascertaining the real sentiments of the
Red and expanded the French respecting NapoLtos. They found that his
Jesig°3 of our enemy, Government, was approved by the bulk of the
sistance and frustration, people, and even the small number of dissentients
incommon. They were, admitted, that their situation was greatly amended
.ed, and his conquerors, Since the reign of terror had subsided, as they could
,ruck with the mania rod then sleep in safety, and had hopes of further im-
prbvetnents:
ins which I cannot but anti-
ibscilate ruin, to our Allies ha At this period the British press was in the continual
bit of vilifying the character of NAPOLEON ; and
Your's, &c. to prevent the circulation of writings calculated to
JOHN BULL. bring him into contempt %HI the French people, he
- prohibited the importation of English Newspapers
ff'..FIELLI;.:2NGE. altogether. This measure in the' infancy of a new
Government might admit of a defence; because, if
1
the English are not allowed to Ouse their own Go-
lieu his Majesty's ship Colossi*, and the
sertrtneat with impunity; how can it be reasonably
,to j ' Admiral Young in the Rootepot. • expected that mother Government will tolerate such
Sired cutler, with "'Picket from the ,an abuse. However, France never fbllowed the
magostm transport, front fluilaail.—Sailed same system of calumny against the King of Great
of war, with two or three ship for Ports' Britain. Even our Ministers, *hen called upon to
pat it doitn, thought proper to disown it, and in-
Lie. l7.—Arrived a Bret from the Downs, stitoted a prosecution against Le PELVER, for a
his Majesty's ship Cordelin ; among them ore , libel upon NAPOLEON; The press must be hooked
le Handy, and Broxbarnhury East Indiamen. i upon as the focus of this scurrility : its patrons are
' to be found in the war-faction, whiCh constitute a
p of war Mites convoy to Guernsey and Jersey. !
• gteut portion of the Most wealthy people of the
t, Fan. 16.—Came in the Harriet transport from
country.
for Spain, with the loss of bowsprit, having
been i 'An historical glance *ill enable the Reader to
t men.—Arrived his Majesty's ship Achates from a appreciate the actual situation of trance, and her
iled the Cy dams frigate for the Channel Beet g relative importance with Europe.
;rigate to the westward ; Bittern, sloop of war, for In speaking of the French Chief, it has been said,
,; Myrmidon and Raver, sloops of war, on a anise. that if the war has opened the gates of most of the
corm Fan. M.—Arrived the Dartiligter packet, Continental capitah, it follows that peace may have
Mail from Cadiz, last from Coronae is five days s also given Mtn the rights of a Conqueror, which •cennot,
of War cutter, supposed to be the Sandrail niter from : howevet,tbe possessed, without the ucknnwledgment
;Sailed the Mackerel schooner, St. Hughes, for Halibut. lof the (ON sdvereigns. This is e proposition, the
-- folly and uesbundtiess of which are easily demon-
:he Seville packet, Roberts, from Dunbar to strable. France, before the Consulship, was placed
:bon, run on shore, on the Long Sand, on Wed- between the shame of losing her power and glory,
:sday, and was deserted by the crew. Or & maintaining them by those iso mposing measures
whice announced the amazing reurces of ma
great
nation. She had no time to deliberate on the reso.
The first dispatch from Lord CASTLEREAGH was Winn to be taken ; she had to repulse the tremend-
dated Basle, the 2211 ult. The next day his Lord. ous blows which, on all sides, were aimed against ,
ship had audiences of the Emperor of AUSTRIA her, or fall with ignominy. After having astonished i
and King of PRUSSIA. The Emperor Al.ex. the world by unheardaof prodigies of valour and 1
Aetna, who quitted Basle the day before, left a heroism, the PoWers of the Continent, staggering
letter for his Lordship, highly complimentary, under the immente • responsibility of those events, I
and couched in terms of marked esteem and I which, in prostrating the throne of the ISt:mesons I
distinguished consideration. Lord CASTLEREAGHwitha dreadful crash, had rommonicated to other
followed the,Emperor ALEXANDER the subsequent. . thrones an ominous shock, prepared in secret the
morning to Vesoul, where he was admitted tote in-
. , , elements of a coalition, whose object was the ruin cud
terview. Lords CATticater and ABERDEEN arrived i destruction of the Republic. The cannon was point-
at
Cbstillon, two days before Lord CasTLEtteaau, ed the different posts marked out, sinister cries of
and CAULINEOURT, who was waiting there, immedi- ' dismemberment resounded on all sides. It was in
ately addressed au Official Note to Lord ABERDEEN,
: the bowels of expiring France that the Kings of 1
• expressing an earnest desire to wait upon him the . Europe sought a prey of which they were so greedy.
! next morning at a fixed time: ilis Lordship re. It was a: the doleful sound of the tocsin, amongst a
plied,
that he was engaged to see Lord CATHCART band of executioners, surrounded with the appara-
at
thet particular time, but that he would be happy tea of death ; "upon heaps of dead bodies, in in ocean i
to receive hint at any other he might think proper to of blood, by the light of funeral torches, amid the
eeb This was nut satisfactory to CAULINCOGRT, . smoking ruins of cities, with the infernal
yells of irn-
ppoi
ime, went in person to precation and vengeance, that the Allies chose to send
who, determined to lose no tLord CATHDART's, and left his card as Plenipo;,
. forth those horrible proclamations, by which COin iron 1
Itertiary of the Eneettoe and KING ; the visit yoke was to be imposed upon a nation, Which knew
was returned by Lord CATHCART with all the how to brave death, and started with horror at the
forms of civility and good breeding, but in the very shadow of slavery. Stich was the long and
mean time Lord CASTLEREAGH arrived.—This. bloody struggle against the French nation, whose
gave a new turn to CAULINCOURT'S views and
measures, and he immediately addressed an official
letter to his Lordship, requesting the honour of 11::•10110_
donferetice. Lord CASTLEREAGH visited the Duke df It ha .
Governatent disgraced and degraded by the Mott
odious and vile passions, seemed on the point of
6 the object Which the enthusiasm of freedom
a guaranteed to her, when the confidence and
VICENZA the following morning, and a conference Spontaneous wishes of all France raised to the fink
took place, which lasted two hours; after which, - office of the state Naeot.eob BoltaPatere. His
and on the same day, Lord CAsiagestacta and the . I
genius and courage disconcerted All the projects of,
a o.t. their enemies. The teal, the ardour, the energy
other Pleniktotew;aries, together with the Earl
AntitneeN and Viscount CATHCART, dined, as it , Which Frenchmen showed under his tolours, are in.
has been stated in the Moditeur, with CitiIaNCOURT. Contestable proofs of the titicerity of their choice, a
1
..........--- 1 powerful demonstration of their cordial unanimity.
Coax-Fxcuance, Fes. 18.-1 n oddltiod to tt lar quanti- . The Consulship seemed to have revised in France all
ty of Wheat left over from Monday's &apply,.
,there hae bee .
. the dignified character of untient Rome. All breathed
per andrter do iddholay's prices.-- ,
seeffvecellitnhtisamrtedutrnienglinlitd,f the
4. dernanti being trifling ;
_soli were
the love of glory, of country, and hatred to slavery.
Barley and Malt 2s. cheaper. The same spirit existed under the Imperial regime,
laws were founded upon principles which
w• - (eagook) .... ;. 59 Ht Hems. . • ....... ...: .42 46 because the .
-16 40 necessarily produce the Mid virtues.
.36 41 Tick dif. Old ditto
Ditto (Foreign) ... :.. 50 70
Rye • • •hi• " . jg 39 Old ~.. ...5.i....= - : From the stormy experience of ten years it seemed
rdetli ° .......
oats " ll° 32 .to be agreed, or tacitly assented to by all parties,
that the popular forms of their 'Constitutions were
Malt ........ !! ..
! ................ —66 7$ Fine dd'ittdo ...s 26
so•
Zittedirtr,!.::*
.......... :...62 64-- cPee,°latuditt°o'..:,•'' .....
r. 26,„„ short of securing the blessings of ptactical liberty,
oTt-to Bailers ..... • • .66 7° Finerlour "47*, •:::rp a' acid promoting the welfare of their country. They
Grey Year ..... : ... .411 46 Seconds . ••; .
i had, indeed, been in the hands of weak, wicked,
Set ifilFl MAY MARKET.—Fels. 19. 1 and designing men, the powerful engines of a decem-
To sink the Otrals Per sun* of lab' day , 1 viral tyranny, which had engendered civil war, co.
tried ... Gs. 4d. to is. 41. - Head of Cattle tai. y
Rio ,
ver .
ed France with scaffolds, filled all hearts With
SAO • terror, and all families with mourning. It was evert
Veal ....7s. Od. to er. sa. thr ...... ... .
HO '
dump ..0, 6d. u• 711. Bd. Beath,
Pork • • ..111. Od. to Bs. OS.
_. yes..
vo
' doubtful whether, after having made NA,GIBO7I
Lamb 4 i .05. Od. to o§. Od• rtfrs___:. ....
HA Y-DIARIUST. 'Chief Consul for a period, and then for life, the ob-
ject which France had in view would have been per..
Cio•er ... M. 0.. Ott. to It; 00 t
Hay ...... 41. 0.. I /it* to t,_ol. OA-
mentally insarid. A periodical Executive was sup.
Straw .... 11. ISo. Oa. to
