THE STATESMAN'

Winners., w_ho happily succeeded in abolishing the
black mates wrongs, though, as a native of Africa, a

lerties from the fangs of the Borough Faction, eat
fur complete religious toleration, Metalling- Catholic
Emancipation on concilietory ftrinciples,we can per-
utile no other plan so effectual as the prompt
adoption of radical Reform by Parliament, agreeably
to _their own solemn declarations, at that Constitu-
• tinned prayer of the great body of the people, which
will probably reach their ears, during the course of
the ensuing season, by the spirited exertions of
many most respectable members of different societies,
meetings, and clubs, associated for that salutary
purpose, to all of whom, as the loyal subjeets of
the King and Laws, our cordial thanks and appro.;
bation are justly due.
2'9. That Major Cartwright, the venerable ad.
vocate of Constitutional Liberty, is fully entitled to
the applause and gratitude of all his independent
Countrymen, for the shining light, his valuablli
writings, and patient labours have shed, ditrint
30 years, on this vital subject ; whence at least one
thousand uniform Petitions, in support of radical.'
Refortn, are confidently expected aeon from all quer.
ters of the United Empire; a consummation de.
vently to be wished from Scotland also, in conse-
(pence of the Major's various and important corn.
monications, and late !ominous discourse on the
English Constitution, in this Country and City, for
all of which he justly merits the respectful thanks of
L
tun present Meeting, through our Chairman, who ii
:authorised to communicate the same to Major Cart..•
1 wright accordingly.
30. That, concluding nearly in the manly ezpres-
sinus of our Veteran Reformist, we believe, when
Government, by the language of numerous and coo-
. sistent Petitions, shell find, that the people ac-
curately understand the Constitution, and that they
demand justice, and claim a right, without which
they and their posterity, most be for ever in a con-
dition of absolute slavery, sith its unbounded and
merciless taxation, at the will of Usurpers, the
Ministers will not dare, much longer to tell the

- ~~'~:~ ~

POLICE.

bogslsy without t he pale both of our national church
soil kitritorf.
2t. That a late objection to printed forms of Pe-
titions by the House of Commons, from their own
constituents, is most unjust and preposterous ; Ist,
Because both the Supetiot: Estates in Parliament, very
graciously receive such Petitions, provided only, that
each Petitioner subscribes his own name; and, 2dly,
Because almost every important written document
which the Honourable If Ouse intends to consider, is

GUILDUALL. Yesterday Stephen Jones was
brought before Sir CUARLE4 PRICE, the Sitting Ma.
gistrate, charged with stealing an umbrella, value
the property of Mr. 'Noad, of Wardrobe-place;
Doctors' Commons, and a great coat from the same
house, value 61. the /Property of Mr. Pleiffer.
From the evidence of a servant in the employment
of Mr. Noad, it appeared that the Prisoner went to
his house at eight o'clock on Wednesday evening, and
inquired for a hat that wanted dressing, according to
order t. -

_ .
ordered to be printed, that pack Member may thus ? The servant pleaded ignorincee but said she
easily read and understand it, previous to any final wonid go up stairs and ask her master, or Mr.
discussion or vote on the subject. Pleiffer, who was a lodger. Scarcely, however, had
22. That, in former appeals for a Reform of the she reached her master's room when she heard the
Commons House of Parliament, the Petitions not street-door close, and suspecting the cause, her mas-
only being few in number, but diseprdant in claims, ter accompanied her down stairs, when they found
were, consequently, rejected,wlth this understanding, tint Prisoner gone, and the coat and umbrella, et.
however, that numeious, consistent, reiterated Peti. eddy mentioned, carried away. The Prisoner was
time, whenever presented, would command imme- instantly pursued by Mr. Need, and overtaken with
diate attention and due respect from the Representa. the property its his possession, which was identified
tires, in that Honourable House, to the public voice, by,himself and Mr. Pleilfer.
thus distinctly proclaimed by their Cousliteenti, in The Prisoner was fully committed for trial. •
favour of parliamentary Reform. • - - Elix. Vunson, a girl about 17 years of age, ite
V. That see can disetrver nothing more alarming In charged with robbing her mother of a quantity 4(
the revival of the elective franchise, than in municipal wearing apparel, to a considerable amount.
end other annunt elections all over the kingdom, pro- The patties resided in Fetter-lane, and it appeared
vided wise systematic steps are pat/lonely taken tp dis. that the Prisoner, a month tince, had committed' d
patch dip whole process in one or two days ; wi all similar crime to that with Which she was now charged:
owl's, the bare appreheusion of an evil, is no just rea- She was upon that occasion committed to Bridewelle
son for choosing a greater, by robbing a freenian of his sad ordered to be confined privately and apart from
birth-right, for six years out of seven; and thereby the possibility of bad example. On Wednesday she
enabling Candidates' to corrupt and deceive the was detcharged from thieeituatlore and, Upon ruche
people, more readily than could 'be chatted by more log home, had promised her parents that she would
frequent appears to their consciences.. Popular Elec. pursue the most upright cdurie of ' lire. In the crea-
tors, in the dischafge of a solemn duty, not less ho- log, however, taking advantage of the absence of
stowable to themselves as Freemen, than necessary her mother, she carried away a quantity of Mien,
for the salvation of their beloved Country, would he weevil gowns and other articles, bet •was shortly
ashamed of betraying a trust confided to them, which afterwards distovered with the property in the boom
must then indeed interest every heart and hand in the , ; of a disreputable character.
. ..
defonce of national liberty spinet all her avowed or : people, in no unequivocal terms, that they and their 1 The Prisoner was again committed to Brides's%
hidden foes, within or without this last asylum of posterity shall be slaves! Even were any ardent : and ordered to be kept to bard labour, and without
that blessing in Europe.. ißoyalists, Hypocrites, or Sycophants, to be found !Intercourse.
'l. That we confidently hope, the Imperial Par. in the United Empire, degenerate enough to prey 1• Wortsnie-seaerr.—Yesterday if G. Ferris, it
Femme will no longer turn a deaf ear to the praying . for so permanent and degrading a blessing, froMllad about 14 years of age, was examined before Sir
subjecti of the United Empire, for restoration of I unconstitutional Borough Mongers, or Seat Setters ! WILLIAM PARsoNS, charged with stealing a hat and
rights and redress of wrongs; when they submissive- ; in Parliament ; so long as one boasted national air ' silk handkerchief from Mr. Witham Smith, of Bd.
ly present tie other offensive wearer's, than Petitions esball remiud them, and every Freeman, that " Britons' tennis Gardens, floaton.
after Petitions, fur-common justice, from their own I never shall be slaves." • It appeared that the Prommetor was going along
Represent:Leics. Such a condescension can produce " Wilderness-rotes St. Lake's, about half-past eight
no danger in those immortal days of glory, triumph, I SKsisuL Nevreesroas.,--An American Pew , o'clock en Tuesday evening, when he was attacked
and renown, while the King's rampant arms, with states, that t 4 on the 21st of March hist, theeetete !by a gang of boy., about twelve in number, who
the subsidized hosts of all Europe, arc levelling a -Flying Fish sailed from Beaufort, North Carolina, t hustled him with great dexterity, until at last a re-
coup de grace at prostrate France, and nailing her bound to Gibraltar. It was believed that she meet ' insurable opportunity offered, and 'the Prisoner
fallen- Emperor to an Atlantic reek ; more especially ; have been captuted by the Aleerines, or had fours. inatched away hit hat and handkerchief ; ,but on his
if the passing scenes are fairly contrasted with the . dered at sea, until the 10th of August, when letters , being closely pursued, he gave them to another of
British Parliament's numerous and seasonable Coe- ; were received, announcing her arrival at a pert to . the gang who got clear off. Mr. Smith having kept
cessions to Ireland, as an armed ration, when the : Norroay, having gone round the Orkney and She.; his eye upon him, succeeded in taking him into ens-
Lion of England was iegloriously struggling in the ' laud Islands, and arrived at Christian Sound in thir. t tody, with the asiistduce of a constable who happen-
toils of a liopeleis warfare with, her American colt). ty.uine days; at the same time those on beirdesiere 'ed to come by at the titue.—Fully committed for
nies. . tinder the impression that they were pursuing the trial.
e .
25- That al public voice,
_e dulkeprociaimed in all , voyage to Gibraltar!"—The American Editor adds ! UMIOM•It %Lt.—Mary English was yesterday
.
. .... .. .
free State, De limited Munarchles, must be irresistle —...stAs the Captain and Officers are said tabs tkilfel brought' before M. Csiauaeis, charged with' retail.
Me; to this alone may bey attrilinteel, euccessiveacti, navigators, this singular mistake is to be ascribed to...kg spirimouseliquors without a licence, within the
of jislem to injured Irelank ear first peace sift' spme cause, which, when known, will put other urea limits of the heed-excise in London. It appeared
America, a tepee, al the Ossiere of .Council, of ties I vie:riots un their guard." ! from thpleatettwet ef Thomas Strewn, an officer of
e'en! adieus taxes, the liteitett
oisMf military punish- ; °Richard Ilirk,inr, a Clerk in• the Pest...office of : Excise; sisal the-Prisoner accompanied by a man, was
. .
merits, the eMancipation of at Callers, the • Friona, has been apprehended in Ireland, and com. , going from iesuse to house in the perish of Lambeth,
abolition of the African Slave Tiade, the abortion of ; mined for trial to Stafford jail, charged with stealing , selling British breed!. On being'arrested by Brown,
Lord Sidmouth's intended o*ton' Bill, and many i Bank Notes nut of a l ••zter. t 1 who enquired for their Semite, the man knocked him
, .
other oppresaive legislative memories, toe tedinui to; Between twelve and four o'clock on Sunday after- : down and escaped. Brown :tot up and seized the
mention. We will not, therefore, despair of the noon, a set of Chambers in Holborn-court, Gray's , WWII/111 IM4 her basket, who, boerever, did not sur- ,
opposition to radical Referee alio; see yielding, , Inn, were broke open and robbed of several valuable . render tilt she bed given him some severe blows and
*hen properly' explained add understood, to the same ' articles of jewellery, silver spoons, and other things , fcratclieS en AD face, but he finally succeeded in
popular feellitis, incessantly conieeed, by cornett!.l to a considerable amount. I conveying her before a Magistrate.
Conti channels, to Parliament, since similar ceases, A, few days since the Gamekeeper. tra the manor I The , Prisoner denied •that she was sellfteg the
teener or leter, area produce similar effects there of Clopton Hall, Rattes,den, Suffolk, was severely liquor, but said site was einployed to carry it by a
1 ..
end ever)(whinl.. • ! wounciedby the discharge of a spring gun, which he person who paid her for her freebie.
26'. That, es are British nation, not many .yalira , had recently left to annoy poachers. i Tire Magistrate fined her -51. but not being pre-'
after the restoratioe of the Stuarts,' invited William '• ' At Ipswich Qoarter Sessions, on Frelay butt, e 5 pared to payeate• money, she was committed to the
the Third, though a Dutchman, by the glorious Re-1 persons were indicted for a riot, and destroeieg a House of Correction for tivo mouths, or till the Onevolution, to sway the sceptre of these realms, whence . threshing-machine belonging to Mr. Doper, of Hole , was paid. -••• ' • ' e .
the despotic James had been legally expelled ; we : brook, and entered into recognizances for thefr alp-; Atemnowosonse.—On TIMM& Geo. iviikinson was brought
l : before the Lotto al• ICOR, dm with stealing a parcel from
consign tee etpioded doctrines of divine tight, pas- i pearancp neat Sussions. . tbe Readiog coach, containing k notes and other properly,
sive Obedience, and non-resistance, to the admira- ! Tuesday night orearly on Wednesday morning, the to a amide-able amount, and'dlrectecrto Mr. Solomon, of Co:
tion of Jacobite Royalists, as tenets renounced by ' coach-house of Sebastian Gonzales Mastentz, Esq. 'ePelltairsdea• It
Bee' i '
'the progenitors of all the loyal subjects of the pre- • of Elm Cottage, Hampstead, was broken open and , Tun, Fleet-street,rl'
atr,s7tich'pwlitaesiatwho of-kote:Pgraate4ge -lo
-e-hoe ,
sent reigning finely, who succeded to the Crown by : robbed. of four coach-glasses and a box coat.
.1 drove. A few ease sitter a parcel nos forwarded by that coach.
no other claim than the laws of the land, which can- . ColsostEm's lereuese.—Wednesday an Inquest was dwia„r"ted "al 31
dispatched by pmt. Upon
aitrloinnframarricie to re none effect
not revive those discarded principles, without the held in Maidstone gaol, before the Coroner for Kent, , coach-office, no sucliPpareel :al to tierorllZ'onodwitevbeeringateothne- '
treasonable prefereuce of a proscribed rice, to the on the body of a young woman confined in that pri- , eleededatheati igfias nog, ll:formation wits given to Salmon, the
rysiustawent'tolthe hilitit;inhllv:inK I
legitimite dynasty, in the Royal Liue of Brunswick. : son charged with poisoning a• family, who put a nerset commenced an I:m."1;e lei':
;ter respecting the parcel„!
Professing such sentiments, and having no vote whet• t riod to her existence by hanging herself to one
,or where, anioug other posses, be ',set the Prisoner „ employed. if;
ever for a Parliamentary Representative, we here the iron hers of the window of her cell, on Monde, ' theYar°.
. be denied allilirceniongwliedhigert7st tiheediothi:ttisert bat being very soon ate
solemnly protest against submitting any longer, in • night.—Verdict, Lunacy. , .! tertein* observed atowieg great coats; somewhat confusudly,
criminal silence, to innumerable, iniquitous, and dis-; A fire broke out last afternoon, at half-past theme' teteartemmitta.
et.liwrrtioetnietorhieL_eztecwttertiesout,msaisspo47icii,elp% siened.neoeteesneebenpa, and
gusting taxes, to furnish the means for replacing and o'clock, in the manufactory of Messrs. Towning end. 7,earebt
hat-manufacturers, in Mitre-court, Fencherels. !taken late vetoer, and whoop being subsreaqs‘uenierntlywagsealrir- '
supporting the long-rejected Sovereign of France, Sons,
with three hundred thousand foreign bayonets, on a street, in consequence of the flame of a candle !trivial; ' edi.S.l quantity, °rather prnpertl was teen&
be P • osier was fully roanutted for trier •
throne agvinst the general will of the French penple; alcidesstally communicated to some paper in the! Snapwritreurencee—easper Tana' Ives ott.Tbe vd bremth
beciule we never can forget, that many a brave Ca- i cellar -of the house. The flames soon eeteedid to the; before Enw. lian.at.avo, Esq. the sitting leagastrar'iee,yby Doir! (
ledonian lost Ida head on the scaffold, for suctifrate Op* rooms, and threatened the destruction of thel;etti!se!'dleaatteeleieerged-en the oathh'a MY. Edward IhVii,
less attempts to restore a Scottish Prince, tinder si- , whole building. The early arrival of, the firemen, . Tuesday
. on evening, :f.ilipilleisceaL'croititt,hlitioviprphhhed
his
shop,
'
li vingoppo.ite,rosweeey. that abost
miler circumstances, to the forfeited regality, of his ' howeeee, sided by the aesitaece of the neighbours,e 14114sti.* Proud, a butcher,
ancestors. Nor will any man, who in not more prevented the extension of the .destructive elements 700" r w°';',."., tre thes""'e evening be was standbernot his shop- •
afraid of his King than his God, deny, that had beyond the premises in which it coremenceskiis pro. ime ;boot die 'street thwraee. rie riei;';vea signal tit iv tb7t:boy i who-
aundiorro's shorop4iathodithtnemanwilshwirartiakkieo,ea.spqfeuc:rputt
Charles Stuart beet, as effectually assisted by France, peso. The damage sustained was, very great, but the I went into the
:Pi wctl
h'
our,
RS the Bourbons have by England's biotic! and tree- : whole of the premises were iusured. No personal c e einstn dotty
Pure, loyalty and treason would have been con4r- , lejury was sustained.
he bad a greatscutee, during winch the cloth dropped lieoll the
boy and put it under his coat ; he seized the man, with whom
tible terms, and we must long ago have lost both the l In the course of the morning a fete broke out ate
substance and the shadow of liberty. I No. 4, Bird-street, Mary-le-bovine in the shop
Mary-le-bonne, of a, who Won/tied to dip his arms oat and extricate himself - '
i ground ; be kept MA bold of the skirts of the Prisoner, s coat '
him atssont seven o'clock'the stuneevening, that there were home
2. That a Committee be immediately appointed carpenter, which burnt with fury for some time. It . Joseph Harvey swore, that his ;mother, the. Pri uti'ir, told i
for drawing up a proper petition to Parliament, wee finally extinguished after destroying the greater vasplciosectrameters larking/shout the door, and begged of him '
. . . to.step nes, mid give an eye to them : lie wen' on'. and sawthe
and giving due effect to ill the Resolutions and pro.' part of the premises. etre fives were lea..
eeediugs of the present company, by publication in I JANUAR,' AND Ai1111.7-011, WedUallfly 114 writ
cloth stoles out of the shop, and when ate 'Prisoner stint his coat
Prisoner, whpm be recognised, with two others; he raw the
.0A to get from the former mitoses, heeling:lt held of hiss by the
the Newspapers, corresponding with the other peace- married, at St. Leonard's Church, Shoreditchi. to his.
able petitioners, and by every legal measure, which second wife,. Mr. Georg•e Maxeell, a respectable collar, line securest him.
e majority of the Committee may ..dopt, for accee tailor, in the eigtsty.aftr year of his age, to e The Prosecutes swore Si his properly, amid the Prime was
fully otswadUed to Mesozoic for trire.•
'tenting the accomplishment of radical Reform, upon ,tilootaing maiden of twenty-three; the bridegrooms
the Constitutional priuciplei of the Circular. from ` apps full of. glee and full of spirits on the oc- .
the Hampden Club, and of similar associations in cation, though,he ts father, grandfather, and great-
London. Such lendable efforts mast doubtless soon grand.father, to one bondrk and one children !
be seconded by every Loyal Catholic, who prefers ; Arremerse Surcsea--Early, yesterday 'morning i
this fair expedient, for ample tediees, to a vain re- . young women, about 18. years' or, age, dremed in l
Mince on the promised fruits of the Union, Or to straw. bonnet lied scarlet mantle, Was observed te
those invectives against Government, er individuals throw herself into the New River at, lislingion, from
which may retard, but seldom an, accelerate the . which she was immediately rescued. Amppointereei
'stogie's of justice. , i in love is supposed.to have been ties: Ruse of flee rear
28. That upon deliberately considering the reason- attempt.
Inc in the whole of our Besolatiens„ foe the re.: Some curious -disclosures in the praciice Of Neel-
coverer of' our just rights, for the salvation of air ire new public-houses. ie one of the • suburbs of' the
country-frorn the ruinous effects of an overwhelm-
metropolis, we understatid, are liiitsly soon 19. kt:.
ieg hebt, for tree preservation et all our liherties erect the attention of the Court of K1ee...144f
Moue despotic politer, for the defence of Our pro- and the House of Commons.
_ •

-- OLD .11411.1tri
TIIM RSI) A Y., Oci. St
• .
-: /antes Casey um enpitally indleted frtr mattillim Edward.,
illhontne, on the King's highway, and robbing hun of Wit'
... tch, °tithe 191 b of Septemberlum. ' tiktpeOred, frain the avitleace _of the PmiectiJor, that onfli
114,t1n) ;specified in the ittdi,itment, as he was walking throtighil
•blafaxchalitti„ the
.Prisaner,cante tip to him: struck hiss moth
!the-head. knocked hire down, aM took his watch Trent his fob t.:'
while Os was on the. grpnnd, he called " stop thief," and') illtilit the Priteiter was, in consequence, appreltboded in the act:
running :may. . .
Ikvlica_t a itneiset cm eoborated this testimony, on which thr,
was found Guilty:..,, „ .
L
24, 'a
Lune was indicted ,Swi ;tit, charge of assaulting nn 111,4
Ishe, highway .Inhn !tills,. sad taltittgc irons him ha; viutear a
.0 llht, sabie Ilis. his proper' y; au Varaill- the bt.of °tuber, a #
den eiClef Cli in the es eniac,
. •

! '

.. ,

~•,;• •
, .

I

• .- ;
.:,,
