; 7 a

1 -

4

dU. of 11 fork*" atorthe most " pen.—
spirit, of " rivalling the Committee of Mlle Safety
which set up just as plausible pretests for its
gainers conduct, and had just as much Aileen
on the lips with not more rancour in the heart"—
than the persons who hike thusespressed their horror
et these sanguinary and unprovoked cruelties!
the perasal'of these minutes, the Reader will see
what side the pretensions to justice and humanity
lie. One of these negroes received a hundred
other eighty lashes, though the crestontary limitation
is -thirty-nine stripes (no number is stipulated '
law of the island), and the executioner of the pan,
sent was. the father of this two victims. Whether
HUGGINS knew this fact or not, it appears tr
been well known, for it was, sort the Courier
66 from the circumstance of the eterationer
the father that so many stripes beetle+. Derma
the Cons!" and because the negro who was comp
to inflict the punishment was supposed to be implL
eel in the theft, his sons were to have this triple me.
sure of punishment ! This is the way.in which the
of the father are visited upon the children in the
Indies! The strenuous supporter of slavery and
winds up his defensive and vituperative article,
the following remarkable espressions of his indigos•
tion et the manner in which these scenes of deliberate
barbarity have been brought to light
without a name, cootaining the foulest and
charges, are acted upon. spies and informers
vise&, every hase black hearted wretch is encouraged
in the destruction of his neighbour's chorea
whole community is doomed to infamy on
moos aspersions !!" Would not any one thittl
reading these words, that the writer of them
alluding to the conduct of the authors of the'
Suspension. Act, to the cruelties perpetrated
country, upon anonymous aspersions, and ,
thority of spies and informers, the blackest-heal
wretches that ever were invited to forge
against their neighbour's character, and ask
whole community ? Who, we say, could I
that these violent invectives, which onforc
apply so truly to the conduct of audaciou,
whom we need not further point out, and
real circumstances of this country, were levelled at
the greatest philanthropists and philosophers of the
day—aye, even at Mr. WiLecoroace himself, and
the rest of the Slave Trade aboittioni.ta ?

The general private accoont of her MAJESTY, in
the course of yesterday was, that she is going on
extremely well. Sir 11. Ilsf.roao's last visit was at
six o'clock, when be considered her so much better
that he proceeded to Windsor to attend the KING.
A little before two o'clock the Duke and Duchess
of CAMBRIDGE arrived at the Queen's Palace, when
the Duke introduced the Duchess to his Royal Mo-
ther, who received her daodar,in-law very affec-
tionately. The Duchess wellWisn introduced to the
Princesses AUGUSTA and Hcssz-Homauso. The
Duchess of GLOUCESTER was present at the inter.
view ; her Royal Highness had been previonsly in-
troduced to the Duchess. The Duke and Duchess
remained at the Queen's Palace till near five o'clock,
when they went to Carlton-house.
Yesterday morning the Dukes of Yoaa,CLARENCE,
CUMBERLAND, and Susses, and the Prince of Ilasss-
llostatreo, attended at Cambridge-house, and were
introduced in due form.
Madame &soot is again engaged to perform at
Vaashall-gardens.
Yesterday another defaulter was declared at the
Stock Exchange; but we understand his differences
were very trifling. The Commissioners were served
this morning with their reduced stock at 77; and 4,
and the prices have generally declined in consequence
of some very large sellers, this week, who are sup-
posed to be in the secret.
Ficat.estess or FORTUNE.—A Foreign Prince,
who at present enjoys a revenue of lifts Thousand
Pounds 8-year, drawn from the family of Jowl
Bum., actually resided, a few years ago, ill a second.
floor at a tradesman's house in Mary-le- Dani•e.
• 11 is an undouStecl fact that Mr. llitouGnast, as
Chairman of the Education Committee, wrote on the
23d inst. to Dr. GABELL, and ordered him to send
the statutes of Winchester School or College to the
Committee, by one o'clock, on Tuesday last ; and
either to attend himself, or send some one who
should represent him, and should give an account of
the management of the school.
We have received Quebec Papers to the 3d elt. The
Session of the Parliament of Lower Canada closed on
the Ist, with a speech from the Governor-in-Chief,
expressing his satisfaction at the harmony that bad
marked the proceedings of both Houses, and the !mho-
firms diligence wherewith they had been conducted. He
gave the Royal Assent to all the Acts passed during
the Session, with the reception of three, which he
resersed for the signification of hit Majestys plea-
sure. These were, an Act to repeal and amend cer
.
lain parts of the 34th of the King, " for the divi-
sion of the Province of Lower Colloids, for amend•
ing the Judicature thereof, and for repelling cer.
lain Laws therein mentioned, inasmuch as the same
relates to Writs of Habeas Corpus ;"—" An Act for
the encouragement and promotion of Education is
the country parishes of the Province ;" and " As
Act for the establishment of a Bank in the City ell
Montreal." .The Civil List Establishment has bees
voted by the House of Assembly, upon nearly lb*
same scale's of late years; but not without some
strong observations by several Members, and even
by the Speaker, as to particular items; and pretty
broad intimations that, nest Session, the House will
minutely scrutinise this establishment,•nri strike off,
or place upon the Pension List, all Sinecorists and
anon-resident Officers.
The present genial weather will produce the most
beneficial effects on vegetation throughout the coun-
try, and enable the farmers to complete their barley
sowing, which is unusually backward in this county ;
beans, peas, and spring *hest are equally so. The
apple trees, we are happy to state, generally promise
a remarkably fins blossom.—(Hereford Journal )

Yesterday the I'ItISICI REGENT held a Court, end
afterwards a Council ; at the latter, the Recoenne
made his Report of the convicts under genre', .e of
death; and Captain MUDD AT MAZWELL, of the
Xlceste, was knighted. on being presented by Lord
ARIIIERIT, on his return from China. The [end.
vivre of HESSE•CASSEL had an interview.
The Duchess of CUMBERLAND received cards of
condolence yesterday from the Name REGENT, the
Duke of Cumming, the land4rave of litEsE.
CAsSEL, and several of the Nobility.
COTENT•GARBEN THE tTRE.—A drama, in two
acts. called the Cattle of 1)aluz:1, or the Extorted
Oath, was represented lest night at this theatre for
the first time. The leading incidents of this piece have
been suggested by the memorable affair of the mnr..
der of M. FUALDU in France, and the trial at Albi ;
and the drama is understood to be the production of
the son of the late Mr. RAYMOND. The author has
placed his scene on the other side of the Alps, and
has built upon them a tolerably regular and interest-
ing story, in the Italian manner, of jetlouay, revenge,
and assassination. Some very escellent stn.l pneerful
acting by Mr. MACREADY, Mr. ABBOTT, and Mrs.
FAttcyr was exhibited. Some disapprobation was ex-
pressed by the audience et the conclusion, but it was
announced for repetition.
The Tunisian squadron, which took refuge at di.
braltar, is still kept in sight, and narrowly watched
by three Portuguese frigates and two goelettes,whose
a kiianre appears much to dissatisfy the Birharievia.
One of the frigates is constantly in the Road, whilst
the remainder of the division sails every morning to
cruise in the Striate. The Tunisians dare tint yen.
tore not, being afraid to engage in a combat of which
they have reason to doubt the issue.
Young Naroccon, the son of the Archrinehess
MARIA LOUISA, has received the Dukedom of Reich-
sloth. in Bohemia, which title, with the appellation
of Ilighnes., he is after wards to bear. These domains
formerly belonged to the House of Wurttbure, hot
came into the possession of Austria in consequence
of some family arrangements.
The Bill to afford relief to the bone lick holders
of negociable securities, without notice that they
' were given for a usurious consideration, enacts.
That no bill of exchange, or promissory note. that
shall he drawn or made, shall, though it may have
been given for a usurious consideration. or upon a
usurious contract, be void in the hands of an indor-
see for valuable consideration, unless such indorsee
had, at the time of discounting or paying tech con.
sideiation for the same, notice that such bill of ex-
change or promissory note had been originally gives
for a usurious consideration, or upon a usurious
Contract.
AN OLD JEST TRANSPWED.—A Gentleman who
had been reading the List of Capitols sold by Blatt
last ',Artery, observed, that " Edinburgh had a
Snare of both his Thirty Thousands,Notalasnod..,repliedCanterbury a
hail Two Shares also." "
friend, " hot like.wite!" Similar wisdom, or rather
rood luck, was displayed at Thetford, where two
Clubs, held at different inns, had Shares of his
£30.000 and e 20,000 Prizes, in two following Lot-
teries, end both were shared by Bt-u. It appears.
by the Scheme of the new Lottery, that he hasgreater
scope for his talent in selling Capitals, and he will
no doubt have to announce (as usual) that the major
pert have been sold by him.
Raconoint's REPoitT.—Tbe Report of the following 1S I.
loners. ander mutes ce of deists in NP II gate, was on Wednesday
made to the Prince Regent is Conacil, ,ia. - If. florae and If.
Creel, far bore..fealing; J. niilrt . tu'r finger) ; 1. Chap.. : ii,
atoms elaVotta.far siteriag forged notes; J. Joaes and Jave
carter, filli.gnirgiariest T. Sisader. H. .ire. W. Phillips. Y.
Smith. T. {'ord. vi. Young. A. tivegery. nod C. waist. for
Frre*
stealing gun& in dwelling Is Pericles, H. Singer, J.
Elmhurst, T. Headier. and A. : , for highway rfahoerteo $
W. and J. Hutchins, W. T. Onegaw, for Yawn".
breaking; W. Jones Sarah Ow . sad J. Wilson, for .fr. 1..
bigamists privately in shops; when his Ite)sil Highness was
pleased tn order .1 Davey and 6 Oilman. alias Claxton, t I
be ?Eel oiled oa Toesda3 aelt i militia seit werssespiled dative
plrasere.

.

- •--o, . ' .
•
-A
. ,
. .
i
11WWWSINIMW60018"""1".."...libibil""al".41114""a101.4.1ara . t
iihiej SPORTING INTRLLIGENCE.
~........ .
iafety, • • EPSOM RACES. • •
2 sal- ikfiNESDAY. Maw 27.
The animal epees net the Doss Di commeored this day s the
thropy weather was propkontsi, and the (Inane to mow onthle row
Ires dittos. The composts. as meal on Use lino day. wos not on k
taeheroakt« or isewerassoo an toe Derby and On livelier, vo bk.'
horror socreed. • Beery troiEl soirstbtore. awn as iambi.'" coldest
Ammer+. plettpoikess. and every Reber Jirseriptom of attend-
After mot at tares wale solocc.its. but seentiogly bad not commenced
See on their, respective avorations. The clos,*4 sport (which was es fobs-
tows) was ant interrwreo by any weriaerl I-.
Minify The Woortent Stakes of Vey each, It. b. Colby, old cols. 114.
~.d. A.; filb. and Oases. 13. i. `,fib. Toe hot hottest*.
'''' •'''' Doke of York's cheviot hit. by Dowtous 2
itagisus Mr. Roger's boycott nv tivastr-tett •. V li
Mr. Coutiosper cbesoot ett3 by kloplautrd , •
by the -r. m to.. •
else. bay 511, Eieldlqf • - 4
.1. Mr. Peorre's In tills Corot 5
puni'"nors to l apt the wiener.- A good caret won Irv- hallo lona.
Nether A Sweepstake, of ltko eoelt, with Wes oddest Coto she KOCS
Food. toe wiuner to be wild for 4-11ss If dentanoed. Sc. • i
Ni hate Mr. Pages boycott IW. flashy. 4•srivlhi • 1
kourier. Doke of Rolland's Ithods. b.tra old .., . - V
' Mr. Turner, bay fitly 'Watt Tale, 9- .told . II
r being Me. Walker's tildropkel - • • 4 s.
b ~, 2 art do swat.-:1 viol rare; woo by tkriglihavilhilof
wary to a length. •, , bhp, er .c
',palled Sweepstakes of LOS. each, with Itlgs added time the Alewpiropil.
Duke of kailaarro bay colt 1 Seism, 3:Yes Ad . • g
"Idiot- Mr. wires buy cast Prince Colsaig. 4yfauld - 1 .610' I
Mr. e,.prer',..hoy cots t.crew. 3-yes-.U. . o, ~ ~1. a s
Ile mt..
Mr. !lout.'. CgibsillMlN Miser, 3-yrs old ~. 4
.. ,
the sins Mr. witnarost4 boy cult by Ilapinotard. "lei obi ..... ' b '':
Toss Wal I a well coateared fart* son woo Is Itionly..ll.*
Ise West ',btu,. • frl 41'sil
9 -
I cruelty . • ..i 1
1 Wats 1
icle, by ICA PAL //VTR L.PGSNCree i• 6
. ..1144
-..ri11......-
$ ti"
DEAL, MAY 27.—Pasbtid tiattiiiih 'ibis' 'Orowat le
indigos- 66 t
Plitwerete tent colliers from the westelied.R.Passia 311 pi,
• Letters Downs his MO i.ty's ships NorthpublirlandWatd 4a.
,I falsest tern, and the Diligence Kist isilligi; lirtmiiii. .
Powrssronm, MAT '27.-4ri 11.1 a ,iiejisti'•
a are in.
ship Tiber, from a croisO.-. 48'64 t'al alrajest a'3 vhip
:ouraged n.. • • - Plyosario, • tth dispatches, totrin Ale sqoadron at
ler, and -mouth. •
6.-• • • • ••-. • • it .611.,
re anon.Y- FA LMOUTtr, MAT' 231.-oSciAverl-40 ke of
sic, upon Kent packet, with a Mail, Ilinati,lreisiso'n; In 114 'lgo ;
hem we, left the Prince Ernest packet at Lisbon : spoke the
Se horrid Duke of Kent packet (2) off the Cape.—failed AO
PriliCOSS Elizabeth packer, with a Mail fur the
4 in this Islands.—Arrived the Dragon, Beeton, from Wil.
I the ee- minglon.
t-bearted LITERPOOL, MAT 2G.—Arrived the *Frederick,
t charges Collins, from Boston ; Cumberland, ----, from
asperse a
Charleston ; and Pedlar, wens, from its! worp.—
The Nancy and Mary, lltinicnt, %silts! (Pim D.orrin,
imagine 17th April. for Liverpool ; was driven 0111110 W in a
rtun*lflY gale of wind, and threw overboard 290 barrel!' of
ous nten, flour and '2O bales of Cotton. She received little
rtd to the dawage,and was repaired and ready for sea 26th April.
