Wei!

,w+m..iip•rnop.

Y-.

-

. •
7,.440%,
- '

Thee Ipstlitkal. 4)t-tbe- Government to support its
bail by a eittavogsocf, mien be eleopli4ed by it
',giving animal &Owing its own snembers.l Mork
their dilecomo.i.the.oepplisleet Goveressist prO.
pari fall', ilifLif they are.uot paid_forebe diserotlit
ettactari tl, heir sank! ; srukthe People aria isotopy.
Otto .thiv.siAling; of stilt agostdipt thw seaut'
bribintlseiryeegOos,lo their, bent
- 'This tb6 Miiistry it ooe Wu celled Jteebleillia, et
soothe/. 'rebellion - trio
- leer toilette.
• • sirlio privet s% to b,
. • •
is of. bad worker.,
• " overspreid the liady,
414. 14. la. a trey
•' r.•
,‘ woOtrw 'men
snotioo,
eatineitieg,l drive ti
folitttey,. sipit '
. .:11seylettuttery
.*seen tp, their
..cate day _after
. ss.. victim—their
like the torpedo,
la Interdrer as they
. The PeoPte.will
• logpr ; they moot
Titestiowe(the
ipk
pi(l.lltallt
ItrinlywdottwilW .aok
. 1. - ..Pqr
le et de tOtt 14411.,"!Ph. 00011" 411‘ tiaß'
hr such ',bassist 'power ss4.l4ooe.ts.,l*4..iikire.
00i Olin well brisirrighted. tibr 0. • ivairessiettpopo.
fatless of- Great &has. 110-01. pot petiicehtiVble
respect ;. the talltitede weaireableeeeso to Torgib,
Sovereiges, who, to seeare-their d,sp Mt. 44144.
WOO the men, and introdocol.secterlawdissiosioa.,
...piping the People. This has bees the maitre of
0. easatioi of. toleration and liberty in the British '
toritotdis. Bet it sill set gel* Illeny,l
oisliteli ore the wicked ones weeklies', are .the. Poo.
*s !hearth *ides, the "soy thiak, they: en.
•.d, thos have lops feltr-the People here de.
lisid.r.tho crisis eppreardteil—...and if jrivtie he
pot promptly aeodorerl to eh.. 14ople, *sq. of
?, piereeke 1111110.1111hlered by the force of Woad,.

•

611YEILit; gilt AdieniV, hitiratilta a•
2,.•• • •?:.
I. 1,
,
;rte 4JR- QM :s, i, •• ' '..
-• . •
.. .
1111011 ISO 1/11/14/11Mitti, nneltantun.l - '
Gesevel Sets g he,, whose skill said kparristism
a prevailed seeeibis . iJonsplis ChM, holds- esly
birssimib
tabs military mask of in the- army. , He is a
. snee of Moderate feettniegfte skeet of sisals .snsi.
. dared wealthy, sad liss.oesesod npooppoblic Weida
. a gaamaity - .and disioteirsolidesteo this lie ins ed.
fasted. to its the ieldst.of wog viselfsitssioof disaster
ot;trisesph. ThoCoeseass of Sesser Ayten knit".
peatedly, sought in bestow on law theitks if Odic
~- thenifipence sod stroked. foe his , smites, .eissitent
with the glory of sassing his country andettebiishigg
leer likerthm, be has eeinerealltsiedioed-peeissisfy
fnansit. it wes.kanen daring thonevlier operations
lot* AdialOnt the Andel. that St.-Idsttio hed.ssf,
-1•1•111e0,1 rho thetas, sod that hoihe Meted le astiol
.1.06 Intl Of prinatoneldiers all :its- "WNW •• the
. toolreev, by la enenimoes vote. mob hint, tiorisp•
• tine of is coosidetible ewe si a'.', flit: 'Muds.
• -.Sitasght the agooptsetw wield nioisti his datettaiss•
. *de; he missed the osetioy to litrsoterosd.' •• - • :
• . . Atte/ a sigeal edit* (so believe • that of Cbacs-
. o,) COOVINS Noted for Sh Minis, a rich sink,
plate ; be roseindit when preseeted, Satrediconw.
Ike
lodged the honour ; bet be soot the-plate trilds' life
. at Beebe. Arms . directing- kw terse ti. lie ippro.
: Twisted intim estithlishmeot of a school for the odd.
Onion of youth. • ,
St. Martin's wife le .11 besetiful and .aecompliihed
Lady, and resides whit her father at Bestedb Ayres.
It was understood that sbif remained et the City, be.
cause the mesas of her hisband did not suable him
to defray the espesees of an establislimeet neer his,
while on service. This attracted the eetke-of Con-
gress, and a law.was passed,. making. provision :for
her accommodation neer the Commander of the army
acting in Chili. List the gallant soldier, -even hem
in his tenderest a ffectios, considered -boomer and dish
interestednesi, the superior obligation.; end this act
of public favour, was also acknowledied with.grati-
tude, but declined to be'sccepted.
Getters! Joseph St. Martin is, like his associate in
fame O'Higgins, 4 deseeedent of an Irish fsmilY.—
lives born in tie heatproof the Amble, seder the,
4irtolictioe of 4 Plots ; sad was out to Europe
Adis **yeti& for his edesstion. Hs spurn floe rasa
to the military school of Madrid, where the math*.
Insilco' Weems sod shoes shish ass essodstid with
tcltemetry, were taught is petisetioe, aid le which the
wads a greet proficisocy ; he wand the army in
4110 sometst wheal the home deathly ef Spas was yet '
ascertain, hat fought seder the **demi standby
cA tirrtss, who promised to uteletaie -the wettest
lo
nwootathro Government of Spin, the wan
,W A followed, ha staa diethopi•h•d•Alt•••esse••4l
Its the battle of Albsteis, seer irelendala la WWII
though the Frew* seeks triotophook the Siete',
wee dearly pasitoott.rie that ustiee'Swjlertia
merited,. and as** Seld obasbnalt 'MI6 184 "4
Colonel. • • '
__._.. .:,. ~,.
The destrsetline the Corte. tepoititilliarlirn
Ferdinand, and the isseneratlew" if 'Wit**
and gallant -visdimatots 4 IpsaJab indepastiveas,
pointed out to St. Mersin th4sdoty rid& hoOwed to
himaelf,aad Waits istipsia to itt-tiparedelimil,'
and repaired to is Naha eseetry to &AMP his
detg-to her sad t liberty.. ' His eitareffilliand tsionitt
lan
wefedayeloPed It Apes, smidst tbs silts"
dens of their new-circimstatios, • sod tbq, Smalicts
produced by the adherents of the folios witicklee.
vitakly grew out • of the disorders lesepseable Om
nutcase, litigation of an emeseipatios of oho bows
„mind and body, from the stspefacties of ieegatteki:
cal, and colonist, and priestly despotirs. -, • '.;
St: Martin-beets, conspicuous to ill Sortibt,Ame!
rice by his admirable march gout'Bieoos Ayres
across the Andes, and his defeat of the Jitroyel army
at the bittie of.Chicabece, in fitonary, 1817. .
Thil march he 'performed witikokotti Y of 16°06"f
raised and disciplined by .kiairelf,,Sud ,with which be
tccomplithed it march of not, motet with so mech.
tkill and celerity, that hit presence on. the plain of
4 baesbocoi ow St. Jeri; the capital et Chilly we!

ti

i'..

••••t,grr-

• ,

• FLANDERS MAIL.


the first lotleleftel;
of his, search. The Itiiyoi fermi
eteneded 4000 men, of when
100 rank and file prisoners, and burled of the enemy
Sbhid 400'inoo Ile also cepteled two broom
bid *Oft, 14200 Mead of arms, sod, magasine of
wemitiailles well steted.'4wgether allth groat
rise of clothing old
.01'rsei, :ebb which he lie:.
elevlitiVely formed W. outitit7 !Osamu out. pi filio
A* liet bisokiffilipi,i thei oUlfeenit-
,
tOblikil *Wolf fpain,lts,it 4001110041,1,
Aeiinedieontsy. , .
1,1411162111),5.NCit
*beim stifinib:tie fit. Jego, the vispiatil,
eatuamaoraii ski litelatallew; of bidet
that stet4,ondits asiuming the pbor of
as se Andeposident native.
ea the face'cif the Colo: polo',
Ogee *WC on the *Ale of nstroll,
10 telief the greed fitikpeetfeed. 114 r
pried* figure aPimers
tlijetho Corieleiriove Hod is the
sea in spitodnai—sertoooding tiseatt,
followiog oafiveio de'
torssuffiefolailgoodeiste,' owe t
feferse
is a Doric colons, •pedoitil;
euratoonted by the keno of the glebein
1. it S star with, rays
die globe, and above a label e, scroll an
-Ate ii4nsoribmia.Libertod. ON each side of the
WWI* Of rare a 41mater of,cloeds, not of
Imo* tom heresy arlo,and hinds, the lower arm of
eaciv.to tho oAlvotr, *oed against the column, end
Ifet.tariolferbilagrnspirg,the column. On the margio,
t •
..41aulos. Sergi,. Felice:.
„
*t.. n IMO% • struck to commemorate the
vietoreht Ceacibute,in February, 1817; the device
was 'a vbloon itous4ng flames.

-

Atx.r.c.CAercut, 30.—A pert of them&
page of the Emperor of Austria arrived here mt g.
day uloreing, consisting of sixteen carriages drawn;
by two and sour hones.'
Prioce.Hardenberg will make but a short stay in
this city; his Highness is going to the Rhine, where
'be will have an. interview with Prince Mettensich.
. It seems to be certain that the King of Prank will
be here on the 24th or 25th of this month, and that.
the Srigereigns wilt make their solemn entry on the
`l7th. Persons who appear to be well informed,
allitm that the'etay of. the Sovereigns at Aix-la.Cbs•
pelts will hardly exceedothree weeks. The ttleipagess
this King of erossiaNit off from Berlin. for the
.J.
city the 42d. •
HAGUE, Ssei.4.---We learn, that by en GT9Et of
the King, the exportation of potatoes is prebibit
5 --An ofSciil notice has been hosed by ,
Mealtime( Marine, stating, ihai in consequeoceo
the acts of. piracy, Originating in. the hostilitiee,tie.'
tween Spain and its Colonies, be has been enjoined-
to send orders to the Commanders of alt Ms Majetrty's
skips tit Colllllllillii* to prot•Ct, the flag of the Nether*
Wade agninat all acts of piracy coaimitteti ender pre.
tot
,otthese hostilities, by vessels not 'belonging to,
lisliyebiegn of his,Catholic Majesty, and not orient
or littedsiet labia dominions, bat pretending to haves
letterier marque from his Catholic Majesty, or from
pntibgeeserciaing the Government in those provinces.
or parts of these. The. Commanders ire ordered in
bring all vessels committing such acts into the poOs
of the kingdom ~or. .the colonies, to be proceeoo;
agiinst according lo the rigour of the law.
Blur 6SELS' Sari. 7.Their. Royal Ilighnessee the.
Prince and Princess of Orange arrived here yestiti.
day afternoon, and will remain here a few days be.
fore they go to Spa. The desire of seeing this Mai-
trios, pair attracted a great concourse ofpersons to the
Theatre, where the Prince in fact appeared, but the
Public were disappointed of seeing the Princess, wins
was probably fatigued frout,the journey. As stroll°
as the Prince Opened in his 'box, he was received
with loud acclamations, which seemed sensibly to
affect him.
Some of our Journals. have announced that the
Projects of the ,New Codes were quite "reedy, and
that they will be laid before the States•Geoeral fie
their approbation at the beginning of the nest Set.
.ion. We fears from the Hague, by a channel en
which we fully rely, slat the Commit of Ballets still
employed on this 'abject, and that It even appears.
that we must not expect to see them laid before the.
States-General detios theme! lessioos.

ara 'ale-rat*

which bes been

Regent, and
Kew en WedneOhy night. It is

igen' trir:olOorrri .-
5 10411 • counphito t for our*,
`-ari kpe bi t inclined,
'Sveeret 10.46'14400tikoirill
dip HotAti4est,
. Wednesday aos., and bojigikr
Oritp 'boo hat baba tameetki
ritittesd rotheivtePiropr:owri. -Iteitivristri _
ftoitgailot odd I rap igiiM iijA Asa
'it te!•!.....
• • ..• • • .
thlsAvralair. seserts% ,tioeteaseets
in setae I.thesiodensicot yesterday of hit Mojesty
beteg ebbs to attliev.eseati heartily, tie totelly void
of fooodation ; Equally safootided moths reports
ofd
'benefit from 'an isperatioshl
it" epeiatioe ishetteee taviog ;both perfermed spin
. .
tturcoveseif yesterdays Awl peke elms Dia"'
tit ICOVIgOIO - their respects " a her *4411 in
gritiral ness
tiototOoi :food oe'diaebbiof her Majesty,
iiid lieggretificatioe.ii.wftneselog the ,seeeiseiFf kis
inventfin... • Iti.aftirWititli tied vritlk the Fithian
`Auguste awl the I:lychees of Cleo:miter. ..
Peary Palford left Kew, *boot sir o'clock*
to visit the Princess Sophia, at Windsor Cotstloi Her
Royal. Highness is -unlovely lavdiSpesed with a low
nitro°, fever. 54'1441161 Million remains in at.
tendance oe" bee •Ifejesty.
. .
We ded by o,i itoOissts, from Ais•la.Chapelle,
ibet a part of .the mialpege. of the Emperor of Ave-
Tale, consisting Of liana: orriages,-.. anti eighty'
saddle bones, hid arri*td that *mina city;, that,
the King of Pavesta WiSliaieciot) to be there ositlie
24th or IStii• 'Of the -Pserße mouth, hi. .I•iPage
having set, of from Berlin ; :set that the Sovereigns
will tasks tit* Astry, as before ststed, great
pomp lon the girth, idler- with* the basin's; of .the
Congress will leneediately Centeno. Three weeks
are allotted for Ailey of the Monarchs 0 !basest
of discussion. They may' and op many -Stet",

make many bargain and transfers of tomes teiege,.
and lay the. foendationo of mischief enough in that
!yeilod. Lord Cascr.ittusen and his retinue ere on,
way to this political Smithfield. The mention of
his Lord Ship's name, and the recollection of his for.
nsey ,Trestles end time-serving &deletions, operate
like a benef t! spell on the anticipations of hope; and
.were it consistent with reason to look for decisions,
in favour of human liberty end pap ier claims from.
the despots who have trampled en the rights °fo ssil.
kind in ell the nations they have enfortessatelir over. •
true;,thekirosilVrige that seek a ass es Lord Carr&v.
.lifoun [eas sitting in the Divan, empowered to tend
'the senctive of the British Government to the de.
.signs of suds a Congress, would convince us of the
ability of espectation in this particulars and Wale
eithoot a hope of the slightest sateliora.
Ben teittedfiVing nations from the tabours of this As.
mbly of. week bat arbitrary Kings, wintery fop.,
unit mercenary Ministers. If we mast consider thi.
Government of military power, eternal. taxation, and
the slavery of inoretisting cibeiistiion, as the perfetir
(ion of hamar' hiPpluesi end Ouronsiterablerlat an!
duty, let us take the. French. mode. of. drawing
anseseMeotfrOsn. Soot Iski,sery, . • Assuredly no
piatial
farce cers. Ise more -smuts% Abets to liver tl,ol3Siv
dooms of Poland: sod Scuouyi ihcailyritorl'of
lode pen deuce! and liberty' ef..,klWkStnineiciel
sad Republics.' of .1411, (eking 4,their.topeti
'kr freedom,. the. Vitt, -.atoms and ate:,
pidly endeetravvieg. la..' make -seitsible•
that - the. war .grt be- .thriched !is to-11,4111R to -bey;
Used, robbed, sad rilviell.a" sidle of all 414
relicts, Veldts, tPtatititleis. ei;d .fge`ilemations,
that may *espeitei.,tel emal ete. front this ever-:
tiba telebratad . congress:. -0 • &stepson Se..;
eitteigiss sad Ststestees i'44 'Bet to toolitiolidato the'
peace of nations," by blndinfthe Rider. too syit!4l
id nested sonpdet, end repression of ell the algae of
growintliteillittice, audits principles. of freedises,4
mining thit masses of mankind, wed* take comfort I.
the idea, which 1141001 to prevail, that the Flepisreo
bet be duped foto coriteeted.rdeviry by
itlidabeltiOrProtances and protessioes of tibia SW qt.
.01,114:g Olt toidisdreg liberetiog Confederacy, to is.
epee the public mind..

•
• TM Path Papers to Toesday list base reached es,
is which Ind* weiehle instance of the eversion
.wltli'vilticb Ganes, Prisms regard the wishes of their
sabieets foe Ilopsesestative Constitutions. The
Grated Duke of Dula hes Weed orders to his Pollee-
olieeri to apprehend such of the Stedeets et the Uni-
versity of Giessen, as may be found travelling shoot
the *wintry to procure signatures to Petitions for
thtti establishment of a Representative Constite.
ties. The act, however, which has excited this
commies semasere, strongly imficiites the prevalence
is Ghrinany of an Inclioatien for popular right and
fittedom. The University of Gottingen has been
ruined and deserted in consequence of the measures
directed against the free spirit of the Students.
The Parisian intelligence is of very little interest.
A letter bill been published • from Geo. DowAntec,
in which hcstates, that it was not as a witness, but
ono charge •of being concerned in the Coo piracy,
that he was summoned and interrogated by the Judge

luotarilj returned to theft work, without any nits
Mos. Them) was, Isossever, a general impso#4l4
Mao footers thal! .oloo!, olivine, of sere wool sea
be anommicesll on the part of the perelL tie
'reties's regions of the bionufarteters hatiM qM
maid teen increase of 40. pet "leek to the Woof%
are confirmed; bat it h said, they eve enstylleb.
mined to resist the demand of the litter for I
doer -rise of ;1. a se.k from tie Ist 01 Ott*
esonsing. JOUNSOM, DRUMMOND. sad Hamm
hue traversed their intlictewsos, aid thenl~
of their trials until the neat Chester Asokat..,
bonever, weal tECRIDMiIIt4 tilt 111 Amid
lied bail, themselves in 51)01. fad, out
soOtiet. In ,2001. upon each indleoam.....
4ofir were persons opts indicted : Tan;
CIARLDR ODOLtOIt, Joan Goons, au 'jam
who also traversed their lailiammet
and chose trials are consequently pat of. BA-
' required, themselves in 2001. each, and weds,
*OM, and forty-eight hours notice to he
Theft is a separate indictment against each, malt
general indictment against them collectively.

The Dike of Strink-hol taken a holm in We
toesislace, -on Mount Ephraim, at Teobridgn.,
at which Ids Royal Highoess is expected early
a.xc month.
Note LICCAOLD of Sate•Cnborg arrived at
esenifrom Geste,a en the 30th olt.; after dining h,
tho Hotel de Amon his Royal Hightens coming*/
hievetite for Berne, where he will visit his tister,r
Growl Docben ComirrAoTtoe of Rollie.

A Bermuda Paper of the 11th alt. contains
donation of Oesetnor Cockburn, prnhibiting
potty of any vessel et any of the Public Office',
tweets the let of July sad the Ist of D vent yr,
oot lest prodocing a certificate of vkitatings (FA
health of of the poet, and forbidding all promo,
'wept pilots and officers of Government, to ,
(herb* the aforetaid period, any vessel entering
poets of that 'Aland, motiona to such rhino%
tholeetth facers, and a avtificate being grist
them.

R.efitt amounts from Angtratera state. that
Willows, a British Officer, and petite 01
*bo some time logo joined the cattle of the ?iv
South &merles, hail beemnie invnlvoi) in .
likely to terminate in disagreeable consrquestri-,
'This Oflitwe, hewing frequent srecasion in I he mood
the campsiiu to remark the military errors coosiod
by BOLIVAR, and indignant at their fatal consegersta
toithe army under his command, and to the
:Whkh he bad embarked. was intliseteet rupee'
vireos his sentiments on that head to General '
The second in command, end even to propm.e
that they, should remove Gen. BULL VAN from
tbiatiou at the head.of the army. I'AEN gave'
file ear to the suggestions of Col. V 'woo,
the tondutt of his colleague, and appeared
Sidlesce in the project for displacing him, el
deep was filly revealed. lie then gave infi
Itif 'the whole proceeding to liottvas. Col.
was Owed under arrest; and when the advi
arfir,' was .boot to be tried by a Court.Mm
"irb* loQuisiTiox:7— The mimeo, of CHAI
led the niece of Louts XI V.ores soleornir
Atatto:illatti; in whiCh the ibriiis and the woke
.116 hosed things (*ended to Heaven, to ptc,
the-Goo-of mercy surd love. People cosld net
arlee-tioten mar nuke intim Under Such pious
eisekt Ilesafrnitfet, end another Asto.da.fi
istbeeted.- ',11.-wes then said, if Heaven was
be appeased by so many sacrifices, how
~(4,17.'w void Climbe enraged,. if foe were t
or that .Aept.de.ti,. The last person she
wee e names. svito nee piblicly burned o*
1 MAM, at Seville. Since that time the
tilt is glee to *trek more cunningly. Mt
Upset publicly devoted to the Bastes, bet
e
Peleived in concealment. LORRNTES Cal
!gat the.Logaisition alone, in the Spanish Pt
under the uninterrepted dominion of forty-6,
iftsuial‘gra, sacrificed 241,000 individuals.
prtiate tthe misery. occasioned by this, it
lierai isslmiad, that every .coodemostion eon
palled b confiscation of • property, and
holiest of the whole family.
PRUSSIAN Lolot.—Privy Councillor Bon
is arrived to London with the remaining ohli
(Adis lost, completing the sum of 6,000,000 i.
They are at present in the possession
Rerrascilts.a, the Contractor, who will
its a few days to the•sohscribers.
.The friends of Mr. 3. P. GRANT, theist(
for Grimsby, have entered into • subscri
defraying the eapence of a Petition to Ps
areinst.the return of Mr. TEmoviox. A
Meeting of the Electors was lately held at
Mr. I'. BARMAID, in the Chair, when several lOW
lotions were passed, expressing their determiailiS
to support Mr. GRANT'S Petition.
An order hiss been received by
the Collector sl
Enrise in this city, directing the most diligent svetcl
to be made by all officers of that department ill tk:
tectii.g such spurious compositions as may be GIN"
for sale under the denomination of tee, there hrtal
good reason to suppose that its tratismit ihro4b tfis
country was carried to very great extent.—(tiaw
Chronick,)
The Members of the United Service Club art!:
lively employed in preparing for the opeiiioS
Peace Campaign. On Wednesday. their Nifildisie
*its increased by eight prime half hogsliert4
Utarit pofely placed is their wellaquipped ctilafis

; sorantleses Mao a ttsneiti4 tree lige of Ns striat.-
it is the transitige et the Oadkird 4fitis sialth lee
settle bieseeneets.. V. 14: elhei;41011111111:
ser-Titee t iegtryts Arise 'had* vise Ilipintiets
, fills inward ea the eelittes, •- • • "
reesitiew.frois worse tsinutrolitreettal47 • 'lO4l
tetteld, correct k "Cep • :111411111 b
100, sobers the *est._ eltemrelles• atom; to 4;••1
• the objects ef their isle fretteliret auto of tbsi
t them prisests•—le.ptitees bore gel_ ,Ittevoriteseet
to Jest) tospsige Shea. sea The &frith oe
r ewe saitagf ettelltielp•rt; s Mite 4. psis 41
kr, ea the slow iying O'tbir whetion &sees
sir topeteecesedisatise. ,ettette the pies)
, when shed* *Nis dl iag NJ", (kit
deefise• in form. - k •RV . 'Of OWN Ms So
OU
eel beer this seelprestmetst saes is the f
teeet.theff. Nits seesell#lrightis, tessautei4
*Getrereers 1114 14 (Nl-1h•• seven
40 41111.4011 t, $114411141-irllllllo4l 0
ily: 4114 devotee;
11404114,11411404,4641.0•4 g ;Aspects/ ti
altimia mom sietelgaisst . U lessitiei:smi the

I'll% STATES*** •
- 'Wst we all
Royal
,Gotaniiiaii bed , . .! . or. j . .r ~
sroribioefiht Soigne Itio, ittidelit from o colt h,
161* he took 30 Officefe• directioa of the Prince
el" • _ ....3. _. ....!

..,-- -
- -. , -...1/4 . ' • I.
1 -,
/- * t k -.t 1 ''
. 2 . !stp. -i, .. '
. k‘,
14
fie s,
(oand
ouch o:proosee 4:. iets certainly not a 1;11 r t
-,,,,0r.n0s tatt - '
een made ender the the correetioug this mistake should he **mi.;
-- .6 tiki,
id wssousetraitvdedo,walistaat
.741;:earil,psarendntsithiy
init ttheemliongia.X, Glschant•hirba.iiistioulpaucetted.
so c
lit. "in pootwev bat as a Whams, krill as a patty la so scowl Li
41 bp7r ur`rethptirlif
in' :fr ....- -Las seeeeaft.
_fres et ere Perry alit.
frissit of the body*, affair.
---40.--meneare
eNialig
were
lialitirarkeetiri e•sektoesirselryurnle:nrllthie:lot
Ilic:OdepilPiletl;llLaripsted. tie latest lett.n. kw
ill.11::.1:11°::::11:Clialliartia:ite.blrit: thet.theSpieeerS a %we eminent ismer% by o:
. - . i--...ii..nininint in •L. lima/ Iffieli....e -- _

um
'tots•
1f,,.
Psi
•
irtald
los
Mtn;
'Jen
Glittres
Kies is
kid nun
• .
row
I lithe
at tel.
,ter, tbl
is a Pee.
icing the
he.
'rust the
perunn,
o booed,
ring the
'vim* of
intrd by
hit Col,
Itehud,
'attinNit
P* tsar
masa
winineintl
'Nome
P roof it
teeth
rat
pie to lin
m his '
snot*r, btetard
rd to *
until the
format'''.
. WllO
ricelool
ARIA li•
ged by se
smoke of 1,.
tropitieta
not east• •
•ss weeks
re was et•
rii not NI
w arced-
depritti
sulkel•
r* Mao
le Inquiti•
Aen ate•
it they die
colcelsto,
Peninaulf,
five
. 'le
it alert
411 *COW
Li tits di,.
noititAllf
0001.
ion of Mr. •
Aire,
fe MegibFr
Floss for
l'arlismeet
runoff°
t GriOS.
evil lOW
ermine°.
olletto 01
