IR ELAND.

COUNTY MEETINGS.

The history of the last two ye.tr is an important
one for Ireland—it shows what can be accomplished
by union—by a firm and general expression of the
public will. Had the People of Ireland sunk under
the persecuting measures of the lntokrants—had
they suffered, themselves to linve been silenced by
the threats of Power, the clamour of Faction, or the
calumnies of a hireling Press, the cause of the ,:oun-
try would have retrograded heir a century, and the
evils Booing from division and party Wirit, would
have continued to distract and disgrace the nation.
The p *pie, warned by the Press, saw ,the danger—
the People, supported by the Press, triumphed over
the Faction—they were not only victorious in the
battle with the ettemioa of Religious Freedom, but
victors in a more glorious fight—viciors over their
owe prejudices and passions—a victory that leavps
no regrets behind it—a victory that fortifies the dear.
est hope of the country—that holds out unconditional
Emancipation to the Subject, glory to the Prince,
and security to the Empire.—Would this have beeu
the case, had the Independent Press of Ireland pur-
sued a neutral course ?—Would this have been the j
case, had the People shrunk from the never-to-be-for-
gotten Circular and Proclamation? Would this bare
been the case, had they fallen back in the ranks of
slavery and hugged their chains it silence, No,
surely not 1 All the Intolerants sought or sighed foe
was silence on the part of the People, and not hay.
lug obtained that by• terror, they would now moth
and beguile them to them to their ruin—they prt-
mile, to deceive—they smile, to betray I The Receis
vas to be passed in arts of kindness and concilia.
tion, and we discover the kindness in prosecution by
their Attorney-General—the conciliation in the
calumnies, insult, and outrage of their Press !—But
then, the Catholic Claims are to meet a fair and free
discussion in the next Session of Parliament ; so the
public were told on the formation of the Ministry
subsequent to the death of Mr. Perceval. The same
assurance was then given, yet, the Irish nation can-
not forget the lie—the Ministerial lie of the Courier,
and the consequent result of the Marquis Welles-
ley's motion. The people of Ireland are also aware
that, since llic recess, the ranks of Intolerance 'awe
been again and ;gain resorted to, in the hope of find-
ing a pliant Lord Lieutenant for this long abused
country. This is the promised Peoce--kbe kindness,
and the conciliation of the men who have hitherto
ruled Ireland with a scourge, and who would now
betray her with smiles and promises—who would, in
short, do unit thing, or every Wag, to obtain her
silence !—Under such circumstances nothing remains
for the people bet to speak out—to be more vigilant
and active than ever. fat the County Meetings pre.
coed with spirit—let Petitions flow from ever County,
City. and Town in the Nation—let the Protestant
Petition be framed as speedily as positble—the ene.
rides of the Country's happiness are active-.let them
be counteracted !—let them be once more defeated,
and Religious Freedom and Civil Libiltty will be Se-
cured.

The People of Ireland and the Flaspire are well
aware, that the late Chief Seeretaiy to his Grace the
Lord Lieutenant set up a Newspaper, awowedly the
instrument of the Irish Akiliaigirdiee, bat support.
ed by Proclamations and Expresses, paid out of the
pockets of the people! The generator it this abomi-
nable and unnatural Journal, after a saccessless wir
with the public virtue and patriotism of the land, re-
tires from office; and scarcely has his successor time
to be seated in his Miuistry—scarcely has he time to
look around him in Dublin Castle, when he discovers,
not only dm folly, but the danger of thtssystem acted
upon by his predecessor—he finds the -agents of this
slanderous print so dove-tailed into the. machine of
Government—he finds the Expresses to the Govern-
ment, and for the Castle Press, so mixed and inter-
woven, that the secrets of the State—the confiden-
tial communications between Ministers in London
and Government here, are first perused at the Office
of a corrupt and hireling Newspaper !
Yesterday an Express arrived, with the dispatches
from Marquis Wellington and with other communi.
cations for Government—but, will the Reader credit
ft—will the People of England believe it—the Es.
press, before it had been opened, was conveyed from
the Castle to the Newspaper Office—and not until
the secrets of the State stared him in the face, did the
Editor discover, that it was not exactly the Express
intended for his perusal 0. We doubt not but he will
preserve an honourable silence; but look to the
fact—the first intimation that the Irish Adminis-
tration had, either of the arrival of an Express,
or of Marquis Wellington's highly-important Dis.
Petite's, slay from a common Newspaper Office, in
ao obscure alley! It will be said, that this was only
a mistake—true, it was a mistake—bot then it
was 0 mistabe inseperable from the s,ystens !
and, unless this system of giving intelligence, by
Express, to a favourite Newspaper, so injurious to
the Freedom of the Press, and burthensome to the
People, be abolished, these shameful, disgraceful
and dangerous mistakes wilt be consisedly recurring ;
and the Ration wilt begin generally to think, what
mme have already conceived, that the Government
of the country is to be found in the Office of the
Cesar Pros, .nd net in the Castle itself! The pub-
lic voice is loud against the system; and happy are
wo to observe, that even a Cotemporary, who at oche
time derived no small advantage hero Government
Expresses, sow justly exclaims against the system,
ea accouet a 4g As nolegromi corruption enociated
with "
We mew). eessiede, erldsesi expressing our tip,
Probation of Mr. Peele's prompt communication to
the Lord Mayor yesterday, and for his ordering the
Dubli. Goodie to be published without skisp--.
(Debiks amain( Pest, Sept. B.)

•

Ail the Counties of (reload ttt ham met bare tie.
Aired against the ircle-,they sopped the Resole.
lions of the aelebralei Aggregate ee Ia Dublin.
Rod assert digir right to smang4iffamd
the eehaohbiag Coasties, 13411, *boot 4 MP" 00114
act oa ttke soma pritkciple,
I. is said, that 7,40) WM, of time lately
been brought.. luta Plymouth, iv American battage,
A. contrast b heee made there, with the Nosy
iloard, for 400 maim of sour, at the vatmose pieoi
/Shp* *c4; tba bortostaystiwat Mt. pa
tisk

te..%

•

1 r' .

...• „--
