unanimous vi

Spain is likely goo" to engage a larger share than
usual of public attention, not only from the att.empts
that may be meditated against it from without, but
from those that have been carried on to disturb the
state of its internal affairs. The following letter re•
lates the particulars of one of the plots that had been
projected there :--
Mstutto, *MARCH 20.—Our situation begins to grow
interesting, because questions of the highest interest to
the prosperity of this country are now brought forward.
This is the time to give new and greater interest to the
public papers by taking part in their important debates
and contributing to the (recisions of the weighty affairs,
on the final regulation of which the consolidation of our
liberties essentially depends. We ralinot refrain (rum
making_some obaervattons on the project of the cele-
brated iinnesa, whose plan of eemeplesey bee hoes ewe&
to the Cortes, it is the most extraordinary monument of
stupidity and madness. The extravagant and ridiculous
proclamations which he forged in the name of Kutosi,
Hogan, and other creatures of his imagination, are
master pieces of wisdom compared with time famous
plan of revolution which he meditated. According to
this plan the operation was to con►mence by the King's
laying an unworthy snare for his Ministers and Coun-
sellors in order to arrest them, with the assistance of
the Infant Don Carlos. This idea alone is a proof
of the bareness of the ideas of the author; for in
the first place it supposes the King capable of break•
ing his most solemn oaths and promises, and then
in co-operating in an infamous deceit, unworthy we
will not say of the noble mind of the King only, hot
of every man who is not bowled with crimes and oppro-
brium. The plot it seems was to be rommonicated
to
none bat the King, the infant Don Carlos, the Duke de
l'lnfantiolo, and the Matquess de Castellon. When the
King hail enticed the Ministers into the square, Don
Carlos was to enter at the head of a body of the guards,
and arrest them all. The Duke de l'lnfAntatio was to
place himself at the head of a battalion of the golfed',
stationed at Leganes, which, with the regiment of the
Prince, was to occupy the gates of the city and the pub-
lic places, and invite the people to ssv, Long live Kc.
ligion, the King, and the Country :—beatls to the Con-
stitution !' A new municipal junta was to be formed,
who were to go in procession to overthrow the Stone of
the Constitution, and to have that hind:statute! Statute
burnt by the executioner. How could the author of the
tan conceive that the infant Don Carlos would lend
himself to such a plan, or that the Duke Ale l'lnfantado
would have accepted the office assigned to him, or that
he would have succeeded in it if hr had accepted it. The
whole plan, it is evident, could never be executed, and it
is therefore not necessary to examine any of it, except
the measures which he says ought to be adopted, in
case of its success. The sum and substance of the whole
is, that we ought to return to a state of despotism; to
the Inquisition, the Jesuits, the slavery of the Press,
and the like.—The whole plan and the Report of the
Committee, to whom it was referred, are ordered to be
printed.—(spenisk Papers, March U.)

Affairs in Piedmont are by no means settled in the
way in which the Commandant of Grenoble affects to
represent them. The following extracts of letters
from Turin, written ten or twelve days age, state them
thus
TCRIX, Mallen 16.—" The peace of this capital is
still preserved. notwitstanding every effort on the part
of certain interests to compromise both it and the tran-
quillity of the kingdom. The new King, Charles Felix,
has appointed lieneral Latour to the chief command of
the army, and that General transmitted some days ago
a proclamation to all the towns in the kingdom, abolish-
ing the order of things established after the abdication.
and restoring the old regime. As the existence of the
junta has not been acknowledged, this despatch was ad-
dressed to the authorities of the city. A meeting of the
junta was immediately called; the new ministers at-
tended ; and it was resolved that no notice should be
taken of this dangerous document. There is not the
least doubt that tumult, bloodshed, and perhaps con-
flagration and pillage, would have ituntediately follow-
ed its publication. The citadel commands the capital,
and the citadel is in the hands of parties decidedly for
the new order of things. What effect this proclamation
will produce in the north it is difficult to say, but the
attempt to comply with tae King's cotnnkands oencern-
lag it lave already prodeced disesteem' cueeelaesees at

Litiona.
Mach are the drama prodoerd by the conduct of that
weak 1e s%
alms whom ciremostoftees called Mike Kr
!reser. Weakeesa, however. is sot his mit demerit I
sreiwery, I am afraid, most be added to the eollodiot

Al.

RECEPIION OF THE CATHOLIC BILL I.*
IHELASH.

, .
An aggregate 3teeting of the Ceibir. an I City of .
Waterford Catlittlici was held oft the lit instant, at
St. Patrick's Chapel, Nicholas Power, of raitldeLg,
Esq., in the Chair, Thomas Hearn, Eati.,lLl). Secretary.
The Meeting was numerms and respritahle, and the dis-
approbation of the new Veto dud 'ferny Veto moat tlst. ,
cided. There has also been an aggregate Heeting)t.
the city of Limerick, whe-e similar objections have ~
been passed. The Clergy of Curk and those of Cloys,*
and Rotot, presided over by their respective Bishops, h ire
passel decisive resolutions against the I ntercourse Bill ;
mil last Thursday the Catholic Clergy of Osattry met at
Kilkenny, their ilishop, Dr. Marnto, in the Chair, at': I
adopted resolutions very nearly an echo of the Dos'll.l 4
resolutions. The Wardenship of Galway has alao : •
met, and deprecated dos passing of the restraints rtt-
posed. There was to have beets an a.zgregate Meeting '
of the Catholics of Kerry, it Trali•r, on Saturday last.
The feeling it is observed, is very general throughout
the country, against the proposed restrictions, and the
opinion very stronoy expressed.
" now." asks The Dowi.s Nursling Post are these
differences to be reconciled ? There is one way, an 1..
one only that we know of, which will produce that
very desirable effeet-t—an appeal to his holiness the . •
Pope. Sheol4l religieas screples influence the Ca-
tholic Clergy, the Pope will become their me:li;tor ' •
with the British (iovernnsent; and such are the friendly
1 relations between the Courts of Route and London,
that snch mediation would doubtless obtain the tie- '
sired relief ; or if the Pope declare that no ground ex-
' Wed to form a case of conscience against the Bill, th •
mandate of his Holiness could not he resisted by the
Clergy ; and let it he remembered, that Lord Caatle-:
reach declared, " that in legisiving upon this aolojeet, ,
he had the Pope at his bock." Should the Lords be of. .
this opinion, the objections of the Catholic Clergy will
not be attended to, and the Bill will pa-s." . .-
The I) ,: li E-risin.T Poet put a similar construction
on the quoted words of Lord Castlereagh, and asserts
the belief that the Pope approves of ti:e spirit of tho
Dill, hut that there may be sow objections to sons •
partictslar clauses. The same paper adds, on the an-
thority of a Jistim,:,,ffished eursexpondeast now in Lon-
don, that several alterations are spok-ts of as likely Ti -
be aduptrd by the House of Lords, in order to meet
the wishes so temperately and conctitntion.tily repressed
in Ilse Dublin ResAutions. The Irish Me noloev.,
friendly to the Catholics, are making every ,•ffort, by
private communications with the leading Managers of
' the Bill, to hare the Oath, to he !aken by the IriCs
Catholic Clergy, wholly omitted. The opinion of tio,•
Pope, so nuequi vocally given in Cardinal 'Atte' letter,
in favor of a qttalilied interference with the appoino•
meat of Bishops, is much spoken of, and will so tke :t
difficult to alter the English feeling on this subject :
hut it is said, there will be only one CommisAioin finr
both comities, of which two will he Irish Callsol.c
Bishops and two English Catholic Bishops. Tio•••.
Provisions about the intercourse with the See of
Rome, appear not to have been correctly undvs.-
s:oad in Dublin, as no writings, relating wholly,
to [Natters of conscience, tor requiring secrecy, 'are t.o
be disilosed.* The general opinion Is, that the lion•E
of Loris are but little disposed to place any valise i.t
the Ecclesiastical Securities; and the most favoralol •
vkanaes may yet take place, b lore the 11111 is finally .
payst:l. The Hill has been altered, in some ;minis, in
the !loose of Commons, in a way to meet some of the
Objections to the Oaths."

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BMTTING AT T iTTERMILL'S, Aran. 3.
Drltn% . 13 to 2 opt Ilealnald-17 to 2 :last (lo;tsfli:
—lO to 1 Gast Jock-1010 I opt e. out of Morel-11 to I
ago r. out of Charto-20 to 1 apt e. oat of COVlsillt.
0%104. yto 9 agst My Lady-8 to 1 agst Ativt,ta-1 I t 4)

I apt Sprlage.
Rinoinsitortia..-11 to 1 apt Reginald-2 to I art oat
of More 4-8 to I &gat 0. oat of *dims.
It tot apt Reginald wlawing Riiiiiiitswortli and Derby.
Doocnalan ST. I.FIIER. lb toll apt Jael: !.pilot— IY TI)
I agAt Colwell-12 to 1 apt Statestagn-13 to I apt My
Lady.
&lately a bet we* made on any Race.

The IVolerprei Mirror exultingly informs its
readers, the on 4' Patrick's Day, when the King rode
through the streets of Brighton, he had a 1 irre skarn.
rock in Ms hat." What an eesy matter it is for a
King to please his people when he takes the pains
It is mentioned in the Hantburgh papers asa remark-
ahle circumstance, that the skull of the celebrate/1
Descartes was lately sold for 18 banco dollars, at the
suction of the library and effects of the late Prof.ssor
Sparrmao.—Such is the rate, we find, at which cr miss-
logists vele, even the dry bostesof a treat Phil, sepher.
It 'coed be well to know kw these curio is gentlemen
would ettimitte the empty shahs of some of our .t.o '-
disoot great.
A report prevailed rater/lay, very generally.
the death d Mr*. Li of Ostient therden Tlnirtree.
is co mosmpore of eIK fib: latstenffilliiiell
for snot. days pelf ag Malik tut* uoo sneb as-
cuant has reached the 'Phelan, ws hope the report mill
prove incorrect. It is not improbable that such • ru-
mour might arise from confounding the natoc_of the
aboretnentioned actress with that of lids. FlOistott.
We would, on this wmaelon, take an opportunity of
correcting a mistake of one of oar eotemporaries rela-
tive to the hatter lady's original name. She bail boss
connected with the Miss's Fleming in the Ducker
Academy at Batla,bst was net one of the family. U.r
maiden name was Randall.
Coax EXCIIANGS, Arta% R.—We Lid a large arrival •
of Marley to-day from Suffolk, wlsiets met healer sale at
a decline of ls. per curter be The finest qnaff,li altbetles elms
the superior samples could not be got oigh
lareed at * greeter reduction. What Wheat apPer nd
this morning, eonaietin chiefly of what reeseinarktneer
from Monday's supply, and for which thew was yet,
little demand ; a few picked samples obalped Monatafe •
prices; hut the inferior sorts art him It, to
quarter cheeper.—lu Beans, Polk- Mad Outs, ona'a ter
,sation. •
Illostynetaws 1111suswr, Arm& 11.----Tlse Market was
well supplied this morniag, hod prime beast oistedoest
a good prier, hat she Wirier guild's were elomper
than last worket airy.
the old - Mere of
CATTLE AT essay?.
Na
eiod;;S); •• • • V 4)
Hir •
qtliortalitfratlits4e• se hi
~•••......•••• 1
u. f 44.
. • t •• i•
