-

ha►e loudly elpressed their joy on

the German troops.
LEYDEN, JAN. IL—According to report, the Prus.
siert General Von Blucher passed the Mille. be-
tween Bingen and Caub, on the 31st of December,
with upwards 100,000 men ; and on the folloeing
day, General Von Priest entered Coblentz. The ,
Allies have been received with great joy in those
parts. IL - . --'s •• .
We farther learn, that the Rusaiatkallee.—Xon Be-
low has received orders to push iritoirabalu *id?
his whole force, which, by the junction -with—dm.
fßussian troops under Gen. Benkendorf, and with
.
!tire corps antler General Borstel, is increased 'to :
40 or 50,000 men, to sup ort the grand eperViocis
on the Rhine, and is accordingly.advancing through
Altena, the Langstriat, and the. Barony of Brerla,,,
probably to (Law tae Frencl from the heights of
Woettevezel, and attack Autwerp itself.
We learn from Gorchen nothing-farther than that
the enemy, on the sth inst., fired some shot at our .
flotilla ; the Commandantlitirgeve orders to re:
tprp the are, which was done with so much success
that the enemy's fire was thereby totally sillenced.
_, We have giro some further eztOrits from :ha.
-Paris Papers, of the last arrival ; but they fareith
very little information, from which any prohable du-
gory can be drawn, of what may be the final issue of
the unexampled hostile proceedings in France. We
cannot say we are surprised to hear some of our co-
Lipmporaries predict the speedy arrival of the &mire
rtif the Allies in the French capital ; for the energy
and promptitude of NAPOLEON appear to have for•
sakes him with his prosperity. We have already
observed, that we knew of no awmblage of troops
in any pirt of aucient Franc, which could be called
en army, beside that under Marshal Sour..t. We
may repeat the same thing at this hour e)ace-eaery
step hitherto taken does not go an inch,'beyoutl
the line of preparation.. At the breaking out
of the Revolution, there •was, it is true, bet. 0114 or
army to resist the invaiion by tit* Duke of Baulk-
"'to( ; and that army Was i oueprinded by the noted
-Dumou!trea. But then the 'oll and experienced
Marshal Lirettnett. (he was afterwardereiefortu-
r.nately, put to death on the scaffold) was indefati-
gable in forming volunteers for service;aud dispatch-
ing them to the menaced spot,. ,40., kr des i tillnee y ,•
-point of the frontier en they 'side of fterbeenias ..
'Neared.. We hear of no veteran so employ 4 .4or
do we hear that volunteers offer themselves in n
berg, so as to warrant a jest expectation that the
love of eottutry, so natural to the people of ai us.
tines, is tint counteracted-by some dead! coTieirtent.
than Cr a reheredon in the minds of these people,
who hare; en cruelty fatigued. and exhaa

Pir."!-.1 • 1.V., 't .9. "i v ''' .--i, •
•tiO the preeont eel of iffeNAPARTE, (14 ;10,..ic
the breasts of the susceptible Frt•nch,"it is idler
that they will'itto* the-Allies to continuetwf, pen,-
' trate into the country, as they have lone, unrnithlted : •
much less would they submit to-onerous enaction.,
similar to those of the Cavalry General, Collet
WREDE, at Hoesingen. There are most assuredly
very few veteran soldiers at chi- orlus.mt disoilled
over France ; but then the National Guaediiihrt he
estimated at seven or eight hundred thesonotii;,-ind
what might not such a force achieve owlet a
benignant Government and a patriotic leader!
1 Here lies the question. To thi must we
always revert, if -wo would 'form a conjecture
what so surprising a people are likely to do, under
so uncommon a state of things. This is a, conside-
ration which ought to strike Kings in pirtiooler,
and mankind in general. In the almost universal ,
despotism of the former, and the consequent slavery
of the latter, some consolatior may be drawn from
the powerful example the great scene before as holds.
out to nations. Among all those who have watched
and admired the growing renown of the late fortu-
nate Chief of France, there is not one who wit deny •
1
that he has not abused, like a prodigal, thepower
with which he operated that renown. Whetk..r an
amende will he accepted, or a punishment -insisted
on and inflicted, cannot long be. a probisim.—
The Duke of REGGIO, it seems, has been sent for
to Paris, and is said to be going to take the coeimaail
of a body of forces : but, vfliere those toren are,
and of what description composed, we are not told.
Tho Duke of TREVISO has atm fece•Parts terfrpair W
.]
Langres, where, in all probability, great exertions
will have been made to assemble a force of some '
kind. The hilly grounds and vineyards of Burgundy, :
are well calculated to afford an inexperienced army
an appal"; in case of need; and to this eastepi pie rf
the territory of France, no doubt, the siiiferetil -
streams of military defence, will be directed. Pr
next arrivals of French Papers cannot hit be hig.l4. -
interesting. The situation of Langres and llesiocitit.
seems to offer to BONAPARTE, the choice of whic!.
sorter of the invading -armies he may endeavour to
impede or repel.
Colonel Humanity left town on ThUrsilay 'even-)
ing, for Lord Wr.r.unaTon's head-quarters, Wi-th,;
' information, as it is presumed, which will iistiuq
his Lordship to make a forward 'movement, iiittet..
operation the design of the Allies, who are 04;,,
vancing on Lyons. The question of peace, and the
nature of it, cannot long be unanswered. -Do'
terms or basis offered by the Allies, akr,lhe answer
;nude by BONAPARTE to them, music*, tiewcm) 1
this moment, apecrot, - • 1
• ~
•
•
-

•

}
