THE sTATEsmAN.

NAVAL I NTE IGENCE
•
' FRB NCII PICOTESPA_VTS.
TO Tilt ERITOII. Or THE STATEMNAN. FURTHER. PARTICULARS OF THE LATF. SETEItt
‘l,lllLiuts's Library, It.(lCrar,:stre,t, I
GALE ON TIM WESTERN COAST OF ENGLAND.
• Dec. 9, 1815.
Sin,—While the correspondence of each day ac-
Miuu.tre, Dec. B.—The Woodbridge Fast in.
enmulates the proofs of a desolating persecution in ;
flianfarr came cm shine on the Main in Pope's 13,Y)
the southern preVince! of France, about live miles from hence, soon after I dispereted
grateful as indispensible, to present all unnecessary
my letter of yesterday, We are it without it is a duty as
Y
agitation and distress. commorricatien front her. A Purser from our house
-the earliest moment, through -
I embrace, therefore,bar been upc ts the coast opposite to where the
Afrevoid,..ti
bridge lie's, tr , but cou!ot learn any ;:articulars, as ta
your Joan's!, to allay public apprehensions as to the
fete of the Rev. OLtvi DESMONT, President of the
her crew remain on board. The Dutch brig fe'iftrurl,
Convistory of Ninths... • of Rotterdam, from Lisbon, is on shore on' Hahne.,B
FroM a Letter this day received, the following pa-
ock, and it is f..arerl Nil! be a total less; her ere„
ragraph is extracted was s iced st ri:ght with much difficulty. Two bug,
66 I render a sad homage to the troth, by confirm- ;
and a
giti;.,t hate cut and ruts upwards.
ing the frightful accounts of the massacres in the
torn! of wreck iS all along the coast, some timber and
deals.. We fear all is not yet known this heavy
South—how many widows incousolabie— how many
orphans wafitine bread !"
gale of wind.
Notwithstanding the number of Protestants who
RAMSGATE, Dec. B.—The gate continued all hit
have- been assassinated is grant, 4e cannot count ;
night, and we fear several vessels have been lost an
among the victims the venerable OLIVIER DUMONT. ;
Having been informed by mother Correspondent,
the Goodwin ; also a great deal of wreck is Boating
;
that the Reformed Churches have sustained a great about. The brig we mentioned yesterday ue
Tess by the death of the Rev. M. Altmann,
one
of S,andouth Shore, and the- ketch that was riding
the Pastors of Nimes, it appears probable, in the ' S: afterwards got under weigh and run oil tb,
distracted state of the country, that t Flat, and are gone to pieces —Crew saved.
event has oc- „
ive o'LLoce..—Wifid E. N. E. rather more ne.
resioned an erroneous report to obtain considerable
circulation. - Berate.
By order of the Committee, , SHEERNESS, Dec. B.—The Ann and Eticobent,
T. MORGAN, Seeretdry. Mayce, is on shore near Shellfish, and full of ea,
ter. A foreign vessel, fir-built, and loaded aith
timber, is on shore on Shelluess, and broke t•
pieces ; the cargo is driving on shore, and it if
feared all her crew have perished.—A ship is oa
shore on the Here Saud, name unknown.—A brig
bound to Malta, is carried into the East SweH, Car
with louuf rudder.
The following vessels have all arrived here ebb
the loss of anchor and cables :—Jason, Pearce,
from Landon, to- Exeter; Chaplain, and
Good Intent,• Kelly, from London, for Shields;
Ripon, Walker, from Bull to London ; Theodosia,
Flinn, from the Cape of Good Hope to ditto;
Vigilant, llumphries, from Spain to ditto ; Sophie,
from Sweden to Lisbon (having else feel
on shore); and the Fame, Gibbs, from Swale fee
London, with fruit.
DEAL, Dec. B.—The btig Peace, Csrtmelt, ea
shore near Deal Castle, is bilged. A Prussian pl.
liot, from Stelton, with pipe staves, for Bovoleaut,
was totally wrecked on Sandcourt Flats last night—
crew saved. The brig James, from Plymouth, of and
for Shields, in ballast, totally lost on Sandwich Flats
—crew saved.—Arrived the Everette, Arklay, from
Quebec, and remains in the Downs with the Pw-
fridge, Anderson, from the Isle of France; Lusi-
tania, Brash, from Buenos Ayres ; Argus, Jame.
con, fr m l'akas ; Betsey and Sophia, Shaw, from
the Mediterrunean ; and several more homeward.
hound ressets.—Tho vessel on the oil part of the
Goodwin Sand, mentioned yesterday, remains in Hie
same situation—particulars still unknown.— VA
whole of the outward-bound have cut and
for their destination, except tho Upton
still remains.

ParisienOtalk °farcs tieoby .which their eity.Owd.thitir
country Were to be delivered from the controul of
foreign 'mops, when they see such supplements tis
~
th# treeties:ori witch [trey itily'le the Military Con. '
tile r col
.. .r., ,
ventiou between the four Allied Powers who have
plifeed 'tint'? RII his throne, and Wigged themselves' ie pr fs of
to support him, and the Official Nollt trausgekted by n pr lures
the: Ministers of these Powers to the Duke of rolls, risible
RICHELIEU, of %hir, we this day glee a copy, and d stis fss.
which that hlinister •
was %uttered to lay on the tables
a, the ifore,
of the Legislative Chambers. This is a most extra-
al, it !flay p
tee. to vt in
ordinary instrument, and well worthy of attest' .
of N 111(.4...
We have been told that peace has been concluded,.
Attie this de
and we might expect a reduction of our enormous
ztrac id :
war establishments: Such a peace has, indeed, been
ler a id how
concluded, as -is heaping additional ruin upon our
glitfu accoui
merchants and paralyzing the industry of the nation. C mat y wide!
We have been told, and (be French have been en- 'feint bread!'
treated to believe, that the Foreign Powers had no stand itg the I
intention of interfering with the internal affairs of loam limited
France. From thiscause,parhaps,thel'rotestants have 'Wit a the ye
become the victims of a bigoted and remorseless face, been ',formed
tion which knew that it would receive every impuity ieforn ed Churc
from the Government—yet, instead of the prospect ef P dent i of the
Peace and diminished burthens to us, or the shad,. s of Nimes, i
of liberty to Trince, the Duke of Wes:miaowf state if the con
cannot withdraw—the Note communicates the op- us erroneous rei
pointment of his Grace u Commander in Chief of the rt.
Allied Troops destined to remain in France, and ex- y order of the C
pressly ain't's,- that it is left to the discretion of the
—,.....
Duke of WELLINGTON,. to interfere as he shall think
A /fampshire Pedestrian has engsged to go 80
fit its the internal affairs of France; it remaining with ! miles in
ze _,
hours, to start on ‘Vedriesday evening
next from the George, Havant, to gn 11- wile on the
the Contracting Powers to sanction or direct au in-
terference us they shall deem it convenient or nee Emsworth road, end back to the George, till he has
cessary. This wise act of our Ministers, a completed his herculean task. He seems confident
ud these
extraordinary powers which are confided to the Come of success. his name is Isaac Bible., 9.41 years of
age, five feet two inches high, weight oather under
mender of our troops in France, are rendered more eight stone ; he gets his living by traveltitog'the coml.
important, by a consideration of the cause which try to boy old Ns
.and metal ; he is a native of
they are intended to support. The Government of Birmingham. . •
France, glorying in its foreign protection, is 'tide'. Tux BRISTOL PICDESTRIAN.—SALTTORD, DEC. 7.
—Eighteenth Days—Mr. Stokes completed 50 miles
vouriug to eatablish a tyrannic system of despotism,
last night at 47 minutes past seven o'clock ; and by
which no nation that has known the sweets of !57 minutes past four o'clock iu the afternoon at-
liberty, or is sensible of what freedom means, complished 40 miles. ,
can
ever
tabtnit to; and whilst a protestant . MAIDSTONE, DEC. 7.-- I. /FAR AND §ON.—Fourth
I
Day.—Youtig 'Toffee this morning, notwithstanding
power is yet remount in that country—un-1
the net and sootily owe of the weattres, started at
offending Protestants are massacred et the altars' half-past six o'clock, and coinpleted two miles and
of their Goo—their temples are laid iu ashes, a belt by 15 minutes after seven, at which time the
father masted and performed four miles and a half by
and the perpetrates*, of these atrocities are al- t
lower) to escape unpunished. We, Weft:, live iu a! 20 "'nut" after eieht• when he breakfasted ; his
ton then walked three miles and three-quarters by
wonderful age. half-past Mile; Toffee 'at 11 o'clock five miles and
three quartera at a quarter before 12 ; the boy three
It appears, says a private letter from Paris, that miles and three quarters at one o'clock, dinner time ;
Lieut.-General Lord Cutest:News is appointed to , Toffee six miles and a half at 20 minutes after too;
command the cavalry, cud Lord lltotothe infantry, the son four miles and a half ; Tu&e half.past four
destined to remain in France. Lieutenant-Genera's seven miles; the boy at half-past five three miles;
Coot, Cuterom, and Coovtozz, will each command Toffee quarter after seven, seven miles and three
Divisions ; and Major. Generals Ramat:rite lfteee- quarters; at *eight o'clock the son two miles and a
roes; Kent, Kerkira, Pace, Powsit, L tmazwr, -half; and Toffee at nine three miles nod a half,
MAITLAND, and O'Caaraototsr, will each command !.making at that time 55 miles, and is as guing on,
Brigades. ;- fully intending to accomplish lire miles mere.
It is said, that it is detertuined, in order to make CONON EleS4 NQI:EIT.---011 Thilmily eve/Oros there
was au Inquest held at the London Hospitel, before
the custody of Bortaeoiteedeubly sure, to take mi-
June %rimier UNwIN, Esq. one of the Coroners
Mary possession of the Island of Ascension, which
is situated 200 leagues north-west of St. Helena, for the County of Middldsex, on view of the body
This measure probably arises from its hating been re of Thomas Capmore, who met his death in the fol.
cently ascertoineo,- that a few years ago, some des lowing manner:—William Huskison deposed, that
eerier' made their escape in a fishing-boat, from St. he is brother-inelaw to the deceased, and resides at
Helena to Ascensino, and from thence to India on No. 5, Bowyer'ssbuildings, St. George's is the East.
on Monday evening
beard a ship, which touched at that island, to refresh About six o'clock the deceased
the crew with the turtle that abound on its shores.— came to his house; he appeared as if he had been
and drinking, and went away soon after: ifs a quarter of Fourteen transports, laden with timber, bricks,
every other descriotion of building materials, will an hoer be heard that a serious accident happened
shortly sail for the Island of St. Helena. 1,in the New-road, Cannon-street, and he went there
f
Last night Mr. Mtsos, the King's Memonger, was in consequence, when he found the deceased lying on
‘V W
sent off with dispatches to the Duke of — SINTON i the Pavement quite speechless, and surrounded by
' I
was
at l'atis. 1 about 40 persons : lie was taken to the Hospital.,
every assistance/* re d h
At the late Colored held at Carltonehoseuse, fil ' plarrebedte next.morning ; he wesial about{ -4i -8-my!eabrust ohfeaegze,
rttINCL REGENT gave directions fomaugmenting theand lately returned from the Continents Samuel
peusion* granted to Naval anal Marine Officers, ac. '
to the rooks they may subsequently obtain !Smith' said, be happened to be passing whets the ac-
cordingsimilar
to
what' Meta happened, he heard a groan, and called out to
hafter such pensions may be allowed,l the driver of ;coal waggon which wasgoing along, that
as been done for the army.
some person was hurt. It was then the deceased was
A packet has reached town from Surinam, after a . discovered tying on the pavement, the wheels of the
passage of 31 days. The letters from Demerara b .
had
hawing passed over his body lengthways; he
this conveyance complain bitterly of the injury sus!'
too
,fight
:eel hint fall, but the waggon driver was on
mine(' by the British interest in that quarter; the
Dutch shipping, by the low fteights to and from
taken
couldfh be imputed to him; there was no notice
he soe of the horses, and he thinks that no
have completely superseded the use of any •
couei,rdo
at e waggon, because the circumstance was
Europe,
vessels belonging to this country, and numerous
;was seekre to be the effect of tier-Went. . The deceased
put
p.uuulai umthlurei:riepiriewrusetploktue ahreiepi :ssaitnigtl autlatlhee-
ships are !sing ifs the harbours, and blue been un-
employed for many months; u mock as 5 or 6001. dicaltGe".l";
time, gave his opinion that he was a dead man. The
has been offered for freight by the British on each
vessel, but without success. Jury, who were very tench dissatisfied for not having
. BARRARY POI/WIS.—At a time when the pirsrles better evidence before Them, at last returned their
of these States-bora attracted ow-meek vote?' don, hidteediet—,lccideSitot De. ath. --* - -
excited so much . outcry among the cbtatinental i A successful case of treatment of hydrophobia by
traders, a German Journal has published the follows ' blood-letting has occurred in Germstiy. The case is
ing brief notice respecting Tunis, extracted from mi stated at length it' the ilerlice!l•ReposilorN. Johanna
unpublished MS. of Mr. Both,
who was fur suet Resins, aged 19, had been onto, by a
yard flog in
sears, from tool to 1807, Danish COONNii at that . the foot, so that ten of his teeth hail pierced the
State. He estimates the population of the kingdom' satin, and the W.l lli 1114.11
of Tanis in 1807, after the plague had carried off Pour days after- .
, , unwell, and ott the Bth day 'floe
780,000 people, at 3,000,000; and the populatio Dr. V *
il wa.rth.",h,:pretangoul(d.,:nit'GPl,fiettaitzlittiliet. sou),
.ad .oe public must have ebserretl Ore number or
qt opened a sailers who are wanderina about the couestry, as "'''t
of the city of Tunis at 130,000 soul,. The number i
stveiopep,zodootweekin about eight ounces'lood, e hen at
el Do.ctor. conceiving that the
of 'b
as the complaints of therr wino' em )1. l'aent, 41
at Arabs exceeded that of Moors. The somber of i
ing• n this disorder very probably
Christian slaves generally varied from 1500 to 2000, ' effect of hloodgiet. I'
iii the collapsur resent,'" produced by a •
the same time•that many K' g' hi
lilavelbeen rho
ef Whom usually ten-thirds were Neeperitans consisted
eraceation, ordered a large orifice to lie
listing their slavery, the means of subsistence 1 sudrieis their destination by the want of hands. Ori tit%
tallied in harbour, and-previenr-itesd fromi. proceeding,*
,the blond issued in a cou.
afforded them were not niggardly. The regular armyin .
made the vein, so that isubject any letters have been addressed to the psle
amounted to about five thousand four bemired men,lsiderable t lc Journals suggesting various schemes, and foe
Intl. 29 or 30 ounces of blood flowed,
who were all Turks. or Carugli (sons of Turks and I and notss"th
Ori her recovery the Doctor made learn that repeated! i
allowawaat-to.wder with calomel, and which she
Momelukes). One fourth of them guard the forts, she fainted' sla;
ing
the
rubbing of "l'anlinelliac. the veteran alpatrhioPticlitLir°l‘Sl,sl.ll4'ivieicelineet:ainfitiraie.iti:l4
the rest were in active service. There was, besides, her
_. swallow
y s di with eau; and he rubbed a quarter of an ounce Lis Lordship to turn his thoughts to some Wien". s'a
t cionlinent on the throat.
a Turkish and Bedeuirs cavalry corps, t • ,
guard, not exceeding 200 men, 3,000 regular Slone. of mercurial 1
an hour she fell into a gentle sleep. the settlement of the many seamen [:aides. Toone
In about a of these let
the Noble Earl, we undertand, scol
vi cavalry, and 7,000 irregular.; the Bee ceold.alsoquarter o
her awaking she said Ike felt very weak, and Intl a
The naval Terre of the Government usually consisted violent' head ache; arid abe vomited up a great quasi-
Idcase of necessity, raise 50,000 irregular Bedouins! Ott the
hfollo.tising los:. prot:er_ a.r,i.:l_.co.7l.tis.ise.. rehii.!) :—II
~
im, Cent, FROM HARI. ST. VINCENT.
te of tity of phlegm, together .with tit
of 20 Corsair-shipa, ref which one curie a -frigate d 1 . Visseeist is. eti• -.• • a li.i. i . Ilse i•jiri•<4.. of hi
30 ions, 5 or 6 es.beeks, of from 20 to 24 guns, 8 she had taken. Abase' t eight minutes afterwards, she 7,1:,1,71,-,,..;;irthokisill'o',4l, Ire,:elit.irnitialsil-timt ruh;faena.tounilerr':;::::
or so MO .1:. ti... 401'1111Se 410 ii WI ;01.11 rt. 161.4 ; Oh 111•111 .
but well eat a slice of breed and butter; and dr auout
quitea
e calomel powder ilk A1ajr,1..2. -hips irreiiiiy pla to 1/3M1116-fltil. are ealapfri.- r
dish
re. or 10 gall Lots with from 2 to 4 Or 6 gone •
y the 30th of the mouth sher%rui:.,..:l::4lerr. ea. lie to •ier itie. is II- • i .jettle.:t s"°"e
manned uith it om 60 to 80 men. The 2 •
private cor. coffee. D
sairspaid the Dry a tithe of their booty,are i!.eueses‘eii by -b••1 ''t 'nc' ur , • .. 6.0
gy.nz ve:itii the king i -noir
covered. rit•Pn to recrisr tiv;n: '
I' I‘ll-. &Irak Coolly, Etrist,4,•"
- • •-

PORTSMOUTH, DEC. B.—Arrived the
Brash, front Buenos Ayres; the Prompt,
from the Downs ; the Kendrick and Margaret,
maltz, from France, for Antwerp; the
meson, from the Mediterranean ; and the
Wellington, Williams, from the Do.Wns—a,
the less of two atichors and cables; the
Watt, from Riga ; the Eliza, transport,
America ; the Atlas, from the Downs; Si
tilda, Turner, from Newcastle--all with
one anchor and cables.—Arrived his Maj
Bann, from the coast of Africa ; and his
ship Larne, front a cruise. -
GRAVESEND, DEC. B.—Several ships. pat
day and to-day, but the 'gale was so
could not ascertain ►heir naves.
HARWICH, Dec. B.—Arrived the Lodi
and the Earl of Leicester packets, with M.
Cuxhaven.—Arrived the following vessel
damage : The Barbaro, Bernie, with toss
and cables.; Halcyon, Cooper, ditto ; Pell&
kinsoo, ditto ; Brunton, Cook, two anch,
cables, and has been on shore; Frederica,
loss of ditto awl bowsprit; Soft Rape:, Cm,
ditt.. and ditto ; sad the George,. Thouninen, one
anchor and cable.

• YmtiscouTu., Dec, B.—The Louisa, of and for
London, Thompson, blm4er, from Newcastle, on
shore at llama. Crew sated.

.

.~

!•

ier it
corm
Ashic
King
coup!
ever
or IN

owl
or del
hark
doted
ward
!both
defeat
no to

ill
ligion
fur hi
fer ye
the C

:ere
reign
Lis
/arm
,

• • ...
... • .. • • . . .
• •
•
Pli 11E sTATEsmAN. .
-
. _
ch eity.t
NAV A L I NT'E L LIGENCE.
•
their ad. t heir . . 'IIIONCII PROM.' SPA_VTS. 1
1,..z.- —.......—, . --mm--
Fileitt.lTLlt.l: Eons PrAiilltiT‘lyCEUSTLAEltt(
Ns (c)(FmTgIITEOLFALTNEGSJA.TNEDIg
mom the common! a , .
YO Twit ITTOII. OF THE STATEMNAN.
suchsupplements trs sir ilitaun's Library, Red cr.r,:streot, I
lc the Military Cleft. , ... -. . , Dec. 9, 1815.
I ______
MiLiG.tre, DEC. B.—The Woodbridge Fast IN
Clu,—Vihile the correspondence of each day se-
sell
014Potsgeteris
iLh:nelptia,vees.,co
tliamitit came on shore on the Main in Pope's 13,y
mutates the proofs of a desolating persecution its
the. southern proyrinees of France, about live miles from hence, soon after I divitched-)
Note tramunkted by
or grateful as intlispensible, to pre% ent all unnecessary
I
•5 to the Duke it is a duty as
my letter of yesterday, We are )et without -
coy
agitation and ttialress. •
ay give a copy, and romis:uoiestion front her. A Purser from our house
I embrace, therefore,
Ito lay on the tablesi„, been up,,, the coast opposite to where the Wood: 12
-the eArliest moment, through
7
Al
l'his ii a most extra- your Joan's!, to allay public apprehensions as to the tridv lie's, but cou' hot !elm any ;:articulars, as so
fete of the Rev. OLIVIER' DESMONT, President of the
' 41
worthy of attent• . • her crew remain on boats!. The Dutch brig buiusirt,
Consistory of Niamee... • 'of 11.(stterdans, from Lisbon, is on shore on' rairoeki IN
has been concluded,.
. From a Letter this day received, the following pa- e 1
, Kock, and it 'I: f..ared will be a total loss; her cry%
)11 of our enormous
lute cut and run uptialds. A situ
ragraph is extracted : i was sired I.;st night with much ditlictilty. Twoh • in
CO has, indeed, been itg!
N
onil ruin upon our 66 I render a sad homage to the troth, by confirm. ,
and a
4.111;.0.
,
ing the frightful accounts of the 'nemeses in the
deal of weer!: i;, all along the coast, some timber suj Is
(lulu of the nation.
South—how many widows inconsolable—how many deals: We fear all is not yet known of this heavy 1,
rettclo have beets en- orphans wanting bread !"
' reign Powers had no Nutwithstatuling the number of Protestants who •
1 gale of wind. tie
IltimsoATE B.—The gate continued all Pr.
se internal affairs of have- been assassinated is great, we cannot count 1 • I Dec.*
de
and we fear several vessels have been lost off 111
, theProfpatents have among the iiciims the venerable OLivistt DESSIONT. ;night,
and remorseless fac.s Having bee n informed by another Correspondent, ; the Goodwin ; also a great deal of wreck is Boating
The brig we mentioned yesterday ill 11,e
'eceive every impeity
tbl
that the Reformed Churches have sustained a great about'
one
of South Shore, and the- ketch that was riding is,
ed of the prospect of I toss by the death of the Rev. M. Altmann,
' dr
to us, or the shadow I the Pastors of Nimes, it appears probable, in the Said, afterwards get under weigh and run on 16r
Flats, and are guile to pieces—Crew saved. hi
ke of WELLINGTON I distracted state of the country, that this event has etc-
Five o'CLoca.— Wind E. N. E. rather more tau.
I easioned an erroneous report to obtain considerable
mmuuicates the sp.
demote. to
ander in Chief of the circulation.
nor
i its SHEERNESS, DEc. B.—The Ann and Elitabalt, France, and ex- By order of the Committee, .
-
am
the discretion of the T. 10MtGAN, Secretdry. Mayce, is on shore near Shellitess, and full of a,.
the
fore as he shall think -------- tee. A foreign vessel, fir-built, aid loaded aka
A /lampshire Pis on shore on Shelluess and broke t• is f
edestrian has engiged to go 80 timber,
,
re; it remaining 'a" miles in 2J hours, to start on ‘Vednesday evening rest
pion or direct au in-
pieces ; the cargo is driving on shore, and it is
next from the George, Havant, to go lf Mile on the
feared all her crew have perished.—A ship is in of I
t convenient or Re Emsworth road, end back to the George, till he has
say
11itsisters, and these completed his Herculeantask. He seems confident shore on the Here Saud, name unknown.—A brig
of success. his name is Isaac Baths, 9..11 years of bound to Malta, is carried into the East Swell, COI lint
confided to the Cons.
to I
age, five feet two inches high, weight
.rather under with loss of rudder.
i, are rendered more eight stone; he gets his living by traveliing'the coots. l' twc
.
The following vessels have all arrived here aid,
of the cause which try to boy old rags
.and metal ; he is a native of colic
the loss of anchor and cables :—Jason, Pearce,
Ile Government of Birmingham. .Tel
TUE BRISTOL PEDESTRIAN.—SALTTORD, DEC. 7. from Landon, to- Exeter; llencg, Chaplain, and
protection, is 'Met- Om
—Eighteenth Day..—Mr. Stokes completed SO miles Good Intent, • Kelly, from London, for Shiehls;
'Ystem of despotism,„„, .: last night at 47 minutes past seven o'clock ; and by Ripon, Walker, from Hull to London ; Themissia, II C
awn the sweets of minutes past four o'clock in the afternoon Sr- Flinn,- from the Cape of Good Hope to dine; bee
,
tat freedom means, cumplished 40 miles. •
, Pirilant; Ilumphries, from Spain to ditto ; Sophie, tide
hilst a Protestant . I MAIDSTONE, DEC. 7.—TuFFEE Ann Sox.—Fourth °
Day.—Youtig Toffee this morning, notwithstanding —, from Sweden to Lisbon (having else teen
•
on shore); and the Fame, Gibbs, from Swale fat pun
like
that country—ua-1
. the wet and stoutly state of the weattre-, started at
torte
tcred it the altars!, half-past six o'clock, and cotnpleted two mites and London, with fruit.
lie i
are laid in ashes, a b.ilf by 15 minutes after seven, at which time the
atrocities are al- t father started and performed four miles and a half by DEAL, Dec. B.—The brig PeOCC, C4olllPit, Si
era
indeed, live its Si 20 minutes after ei,tht, when he breakfasted ; his shore near Deal Castle, is bilged. A Prussian pl. Sup,
re, .
ion then walked three miles and three-quarters by hot, from Stelton, with pipe staves, for Boardeaut, mu
half-past nine; Toffee at II o'clock five miles and was totally wrecked on Sendcourt Flats last night— the f
-
three quart,,ra at a quarter before 12 ; the boy three crew saved. The brig James, from Plymouth, of anti units
'
er from Paris, that miles and three quarters at 01IP o'clock, dinner time ; for Shields, in ballast, totally lost on Sandwich Flats •. ,
as is appointed to , Toffee six miles and a half at 20 minutes after two;
—crew save:J.—Arrived the &Terme, Arklay, from auda
11111 m; the infantry,. the son four miles and a half ; Tuttee half,past four
L1...1......._(2......5. manfoo. mild. . g!,• h- .t 1,.11'_.....• C.. .t.„... ...:1.... QuebeC. and remains in the Downs whit the P. s.. r.

emains in the ic
LUOINUr 144
nd proceeded pi
to Castle, she tt
la
e Los:ilea:4 fu
otnyg, Prim, so
argaret, Va. fa.
s Argus, Ja•
the Duke of Co
rns—all with eel
the Amoco, or
Collier-OVA 0(
end the Clo- to
oh the loss if fas
4ajesly's ship 4
his Majesty's we
tin
rlssed }'ester- de'
o strong is us
to
edy Neiman lib
Mails, from fin
easels, wFh fer
ss of 1111(411,1 the
oelican, it. WI!
anchors 3:.d rel
ca, Mitory, tin
for
Colts,'"
wpm, one •
res
tea
tn.
