--_=
" 716 Caw fbr which HAMPININ fill fe eh. mai RIMS? 4fe4 vie NW &NINA if"

He Led known an butane, of me lees than *laity par-
lous huts( freeholds on one farm. and twenty wee the
common number ea one feria. With an the respect,
which he eatertaleed for the privilege of the elicits
fraoebise, he thought that the right of voting should
be cataloged to ewe penes epee one farm. He &Mild
next advert to the satire of the hardest; under wkids
the peritonea of Ireland were suffering. Here tlie.
Noble Warless. entered Ist* eakelations to eftleet,
that IN properties as Warned taxes bad bees 10-1
pond se the people of inked. sod the Magee, bell,
ben sefferloqt a &Minnow below that whisk existed
previous to the nudely bevies' bon i apnea. fled
he meet berg observe that the increased dunes were
laid epee tea.. anger mod other articles of a similar
tried. by whkh the eamforte of thole's,. omits were
diminished. 'amt. their progress towards 'Willesden.
let odd. As great ern myth ones fens ila•
OPland Meshes, Mtn the *yaws nmdt itialleithall:
eollfieb geneitell all ever the Wised. Their Lamle
might judge of the temptation afforded by heavy
duties to pursue this practice. when be told deem
Sat. emmedlog to the 'MOOS ealculatiee. for every
alas people laid out on Illicit ollatilialtensa aan •••141
marls twootyoomon pounds. Every illicit distillery
boom a spirit for disaffection, and the system was
encouraged by landlords, because by means of it, they
were enabled to obtain higher rents for their leads.—
in cossequotece of this praetiee the prisons of the
esteetry wore filled with offenders. During the
last six years, 5332 persons were committed for ;Melt
distlllatina; sad of these, 3263 hail been couvieteg.
Thus did bad laws generate a host of offender*. law
were always ready to raise the standard of rebellion.
He should newt advert to the administration afjostico
In Ireland. Is the admirable work of Sir Jelin Da-
vin, he said there wag es nation which would rest
better satisfied with the just administration of the law
obis the Irish. New if there existed is !relied a
spirit of resistance to the existing laws. it was 6t that
an inquiry should he made as to the maaaer in widish
those laws were pet is force. Ho did not mess to
throw eat any reflection against the Judges of Ire-
Wed ; but it wee well knows that the Magistrask of
I relied was is a most imperfect state; that natty an al-
most without Site means of subeistense were in the cow
valesiou Wan pease. and diatom* of them werele a state
to be seat to past. Some time age as applicatioe bed
been made to him to relieve the sea of a Magistrate.
who happened to be in distress, end he afterwards
Wend the person to be so far an imposter, that al-
though his father was a Magistrate, he was actually
In • state oT bankruptcy. It was then • subject of
the meet serious enteidersolie for the.Leglalatere to
see that the execution of the laws sshheouullid net be is-
nested to such men. He wished to knew Worthen
was an a Leger proportion of Canaille Magistrentila
Ireland, la proportion to the Catholic property of the
country. This was toot the fart, therefore impartial
justice was not dealt out to the people ; and the Ca-
liche population must necessarily be dissatisfied en-
dor snob a state of things. Such was the effect of
taxation is Ireland. that it went to shut oat two-
•irds of the population from the means of obtaining
Justice. On of the greatest grievances was the moor-
mess expense of stamps on la* proceedings, which
bad increased two-thirds since the Union, and ope-
rated as a 'total exclusion of justice. To illustrate
this be would state that, in consequence of the hopes-
sanity of obtaining justice by civil processes, a sin-
gular end whimsical practice had been resorted tw—
in the west of Ireland, when a dispute arose
about the possession of land. • seen of not took
place. This became the subject of a criminal
proceeding; the parties who indicted each other
were tried in the Court of the Assistant Barrister,
end the property was adjudged to those in whose
favour • verdict of not guilty was given. On the
subject of absentees, he must say that he did not think
the country could be ranch impoverished by the absence
of landlords. But, unfortunately, .tbe incomes of many
gentlemen were spent on this side of the ebonite' ; het
a plan should be adopted to make it the interest of Irish
gentlemen of fortune to live in Ireland, and that their
safety should be insured while they were there. He
should next come to the subject of tithes, and he wished
to remind their Lordships that the population be had
just alluded to was, in addition to all its other hard-
Op:burdened with a tax the least congenial to their
feelings, the most oppressive, and one of the most re-
welting that could he conceived ; a burden which was
the most oppressive in times of the greatest distress;
oe impost levied on land, when that load produced no
advantage to the cultivator. Their Lordships' Woo-
tton was imperiously called to this impost, with a view
of adopting some remedy. He bad no intention *feast-
ing any inmetatioe on the great body of the clergy ;
bat he complained of the power they possessed, and of
the odium which the system necessarily threw open
them. He knew that in many isthmus individual tier-
gyre's had renounced their actual rights in times of
great distress, from motives of humanity; while the
avaricious clergy bad the power of exercising extorties
and opprression over the poor of the country. A return
had been made of tithe proceedings in Ireland. As-
snot • the same proportioa to have takes place in the
counties from which no enures bad yet been received.
the number for all Ireland in the period of six years,
and exclusive of those tried in the Ecclesiastical Course.
mast have amometeel to 17,327. The Noble Marquess
then took a view of the mode in which tythes were col-
lected in Ireland. A law existed in that country, by
which, if three farmers give notice the saute day to
clergyman tit* they intended to set out their tithes,
that notice was to be deemed a conspiracy, and to be
punished as such. Nothing could be said more severe
against the whole system thee that it required to he sup-
ported by a law so iniquitous sod tyrannical. Ns did,
not charge all the clergy of Ireland to avail themselves
of that law, they were too liberal to do it, but yet the
law existed and might be put in force. Tlse tithes was
also most unequivocally raised. In name intones they
attached to potatoes, and is others they did not, so that
mach confusion prevailed on the subject. With an im-
post se unequal, so levied. and which afforded as el&
meet remuneration may to the litigious part of the cler-
gy. it oust he an object of equal importance to all that
means shoal.' be provided for its consmotatios. He was
sore that he should sot have to erweenter from any Wale
Noble Lords or of the Right Rev. Prelates in that house.
any doctrine in favour of the existence of tithes (minded
oo soy thin of a diets, right, for be foetid in a book

published at the very period of thmiliefersestios by the
solkotity- sf the Bishops and of Quetta Elizabeth, by
.h..a.terApwse printed, and mottled .* Expeettioia
if se." that one of the greatest errors of the
Cbsoth of Rome was the opinion that tithes were fogad.
ed es ya i via* right. Re conceived that the amount of
the possessed by the Church of Ireland might
exist is • manner not oppressive to the
. but emssonant with its interest, and what he
same, be should ks the following points in
#. , —aot to propos any principle of commutation' to
' . se a tithe pewiteister, TAR would not himself gladly
1 Width wadi mat leave the Church of Ireland
sane relative stale of wealth and respectability-
It sow possessed, or which would miekeisileedmolier
Zildeelleonantlyet'esoadt: than
ma altren7twsti was.
less. 4 dependent'
Alin wee. he would prefer it. What be would tomes
wield be whether by • valuation of corn, as is Scotland,
by mons of a ewers Jury, the tithes might not be pat-
tetHate money, oa an average of the five or six pre-
per, bowing to clergymen the same degree;
which they sow enjoyed. • With a view. to
Ireland, it would be as impeovemest Heath a cent-emu
were paid by the proprietor, sot the occupier °flaw!, and
it would also be advastageous to provide these proprie-
tors with the means of redeeming the payment of that
rest, by allowing them to purchase land, antl.to settle it
spas the church in lies of the impost, which would thus
be extinguished for ever. A precedent of this kind had
'eaned when a Bill passed through that boase with-
oat lay opposition from the Noble Lord on the Wool-
sack, allowing the parish of Clifton to purchase an estate
the Clergyman, and thus exonerating the parishfrom
tithes for ever. In Ireland there motif-he no objection
levities clergymen in the situation of land-owners,
10,1 t would emir tend to **crease their respectability
Is theopinion of the people. A barthen woe now cast
es the Catholic peasantry, who were forced to pay
fiat the rebuilding of Protestant churches and chapels.
—{Hear.) Now he had heard it said that a new
valuation of first-fruits would produce the means of re-
building Protestant churches and exonerating the Ca-
tbolic
_peasantry from a charge which could not be other-
wise than oppressive to them. The first fruits had not
been valued since the time of Queen Alin...nod, he un-
derstood, produced less at present then a; that period.
A sew valuation wu therefore advisable; and the more
se, if it could have a military effect on the interconr.e
which most subsist between the Protestant Incumbent
aad the Catholic peasastry is Ireland. The. Noble Mar.
=then called upon thole Lerdebipe to transport
Ives in imagination from the metropolis to a dis-
tant parish in framed, and to watch the operation of all
the evils to which the people were subjected, when de-
prived of their natural protection, exposed to temptation
and earning their subsistence by the infringement of
the law. He once more Blinded to his Majesty's visit to
Ireland, and 'infested their Lordships to make it an
epoch in the history of diet country, by cosquerieg all
prejudices, and procootfirg and continuing ilk a coarse
of wise and temperate begislation. He then moved the
tofioiriag Resoled's:—
Is That it is the opinion of this boom that the state of
indeed indispensably requires the immediate atteotioa
sitlittltament, with a vied to improve the condition of
its popelatios, and more effectually provide for its train-
iisillity and domestic happiness."
The Earl of LIVERPOOL felt as deeply as any of
their Lordships could do, the importesee of the sob-
jeet now before their consideration, and his feeling of
that importance had, if possible, been augmented by
the fair, temperate, and candid manner in which it
had been brought forward by the Noble Marquess.—
If he objected to the proposed resolution, it would be
!meanie there was no necessity for their Giirdshir
adopting it, and because it implied a censure upon
the Noble Lord now at the bead of hip Majesty's Go-
vernment in Ireland; and he should not meet it by a
decided negative, but by moving the previous ques-
tion. Before, however, he pursued each a con • ,hr
felt himself booed to look miestely and attentively at
the state of Ireland at the present moment. Before
deciding spoalla remedy, they were bound to look at
the real cause; therefore their Lordships ought nut to
proceed until they bad examined well the sources of
the evils. First, they most look to see whether the
evils complained of grew out of the relation which
existed between the °overeating end She governed ;
and secondly, wbetber they grew out of the relative
in which those who labourell for their daily bread,
stood to the owners of the property of such county.
In those souotries whose history formed their early
study, in all the contests between the rich and the
poor, between plebians and patricians, where liberty
was in every Haas's month, it would be found that the
great avast of the population were in a state of slavery.
Is modern times they did not want similar examples,
aid It became their Lordships to look into the rela.
tine which subeist,d between the Government and
the governed ; and also between the poor and those
who possessed the property of the land. lie did nor
mean to say.that this was partirelsrly applicable to
, the entire situation of Ireland, but lie advanced it as
being illustrative of the principle he had laid down;
and if the state of Ireland were attentively examined
• it would be found that nine tenths of the evils which
afflicted it, proceeded from no other cause than
from the relation in when the peasantry stood
to the property of the country. In this opinion he
was supported by the whole history of Ireland. With
the exception of the Rebellion in 1789, the object
of which was to introduce a Preach army fur the par
pest orsevering the conn.ction of the twe countries,
all other insurrections were against the property of
the country and not against the Government. Tin
tftis was the object of the late insurrection no dont,'
' soda be entertained. The Noble Marquess alluded
to his Majesty's visit and the good which it effected
Their Lordships were aware of the enthusiasm with
which his Majesty was received, and the feeling and
eentialeats which that visit excited, and yet bit. Ma-
jesty had no sooner left,--say, while his foot still lie.
gored on the soil of that country, the disturbances had
already commenced. Farther, his Lordship had sees
a letter is which it was stated, that even if his Ma-
jesty had visited Limerick at the very height of the
disturbances, be would bare been received with as
much enthusiasm as be had been on his first landing;
and if the proclamations and papers issued by the de-
hided peasantry were sees, it world be found that
use even the name of Government was mentionfd.—
Them circumstances he mentioned to show that ivies:.
realest la that country were directed spigot the landed
