tHE STATES:

rm.—
- . SPAIN. •
-.• I etnintrY• Thu is so athasibly felt. by the adherents
lof despotism, that ere hive already been able to
Ilie Gseetteextraordinary of Madrid of the 9tn
in c°ll-1 show, by their own writings,• bow active they
has a Decree, by which the King,
have been in Pilaw. 'to prevent the contagion
• et his determination to swear to the ob-
-11"111.11d the Constitution of 1813, and until it
example,_ hitd.. to calumniate what they
straw
b, eeimaly renewed, in a legal foim, before-the
,legior:10.
cis t undo. Their auc'aeit increases with their
sew
bild Cortes, names a provisional Junta, consisting 1
a.ar
pews, possessing the confidence of the people, to 1
Li m.
of the Cortes as inefficient; they now at-
in. They began lay representing the C,onstitu-
y
r,,,;si his oath. This Junta is composed of the Prince
"soil de Bourbon, President ;of the Lieutenant-lien. tack the Revolution itself, not for what it has
11,,, Fascia liallasteros, Vice-President :of the Bishop done, but for what it will do. In their prophetic
443.1„fid; of Don Math. Valdemoras ; of B. !Manuel wisdom, they pronounce, that the more temperate
v 34 y ageipo ; D. Man. de Lardisabel ; D. Vincent its course has been, the more violent it will become.
trksColooel of the Army of Fortification ; Count de
pretending to do justice to " the heroism, the
Msedal ; D. F. Crespo de Texada ; D. D. Tarring ;
gravity, and the generosity of the Spanish chime-
aAp.is orasures of bloyernment,until the period of the l Marla.
ter," they declare that it will, nay, that it must,
ll
shortly sully itself with blood. And on what
o,,,ditepoe• al installation of the Cortes, will be ilelibe-
„dm' ire sad published-with the consent of this Jima. grounds do they so scandalously libel men whose
- 4reersl Ballasteroi is nominated General of the conduct has not only been a model of patriotism
:,,,sr ot the Centre, which is forming in New Castile; but of moderation? Not because the least symp-
tom of a revengeful spirit has broken out amongst
t. CiptaisMentral of thr military force in the capital
md the suburbs. A Supplement of the same day pub- them—this is not even asserted : but because they
li•fes another Decree, .uy which the King announces lore_ been
for year* the victims of Me most ea
?liji he has taken provisionally the oath prescribed by
reien_.n
er,
i.
it g p . era icra ; and whatever they may
the Constitution. A siagle word at the bottom of the
..
/sill Gazette deserves to he noticed—viz. printed at sil. or do cannot, we are told, have any
other object in view than the most signal *ole-
o Netroerst, instead of the Iluyst Printing-office, as
Weedy. The Provisii nal (li. eminent is organized.: once. " The composition of such an nstembly,"
Ile Constitution is in lull vigo ir. The Cardinal de (the Cortes), snys The Gazette de France,
sosfbon was Member of the tiegenry of hl4, and of “ under present circnmstancea can easily be fore-
.,, pereati,,n which went to Valencia to receive the Iseen : and if we wish to know the spirit b*
which it will be animated, we have only to I-
,ith of Oddity of the king to the Constitution. Since
riot period he has been altogether disgraced. M. Bal. lest what has been the conduct of the King toward.
mteros had rendered himself illustrious by his resist- tif, e _
ton..fl .
du t ._.
I.onalists. The blood of the Lase**,
2017 to the appointaimit of the Duke of Wellington as
losers!issimo, and also by his eminent military services: I the PoRUERS, and of more than 200 conspirators,
martyrs to the cause which now triumphs : the
he was railed to Velladolid. The Bishop of Valladolid
i 4 a man of clear understanding. The other persons persecutions, the State dungeons, Me exiles, the
On form the Junta are better known by their liberal galleys, which the heads of that party have en-
dured for four years •in the same cattse : all these
i'.ear than by the enjoyment of anterior dignities. M.
o revs Tettada belongs to the higher class of merchants.
sufficiently apprize us oft he calamities which threaten
'Reelections are gibing forward in all parts of Spain. • .
devoted Spain ! The dispositions q. Me Members of
ri., electoral system is adapted to localities, which have
their Assembly cannot therefore be the object of any
miens! the two degrees necessary. This part of the
tosstitutional compact will bare need of some nioditlea- 010.161." Thus men must be wicked, because they
two: the article rrhtive to the Catholic Religion was have been oppressed! Persecution not only de.
seserersion to rircninstances. A General Amnesty in. stroys fortune, health, and even life, it must also)
iest" of all delinquencies arising from difference of
infallibly annihilate virtue'. 'Fhis is, indeed, car-
ass is daily expected to he published. All expatri- ming. its
power to an unlimited extent. It is in-
selerseas are returning rspid!y to Spain.
wading the attributes of Hell itself, after exercising
ac- its tortures! The RusaLbra and the Bvortzre,
Private letters from Paris, to-day, bring
Hants that Barcelona declared for the Constitit- had they survived the tyranny which they assailed,
tc,nales on the 9th nit. I must therefore have become robbers and assassins'

It *v now eight years since the Constitution of,
the Cortes was first proclaimed at Cadiz. During
that period we know full well what has been the II
fate of its authors. Exile, prisons, the rallies, per.
seention. and death, hare been the recompense of
those, wbo,.at tom. expeuee of their blood, peened j

and the pntriots of every age, whose blood be-
dewed the soil which they vainly sought to liberate,
must have sunk, had they succeeded, into sanguinary
MARAT 3 and ROBERSPIERRES ! This is not a libel
on the Spanish nation alone, but on human nature:
and, under the circumstances of the times, with
living evidence _at its falsabood before us, kis ao.
common libel, no petty. hesitating calumny. It is
as daring as it is unprincipled. It is u sting, be-
cause it must have been written and published with
n fuH consciousness that it involved the total sacri-
fice of character on the part of its author. It is tin-
pri tici pled,because it is in direct opposition to fact, end
seeks to deprive real merit, not only of its praise, but
of its due influence over individuals and nations, on
a charge of contingent criminality which rests on no
other ground than a corrupt or diseased imagina-
tion. But let it he disguised as it may—let it issue
from a shackled Press, or be uttered by a Congress
of Sovereigns, whatever be the channell and autho-
rity of its birth—it is the hull erg of expiring Dee-
patient throughout the world.—No wonder then
that it should be one of disgrace and despair.

their country from a most formidable invasion, 1
and conquered, in defence of independence and
of liberty. The surviving victims of a cruel
despotism. are now recalled by the voice of
the nation ; the martyrs of patriotism are now
rferated from their dungeons and their chains ; the
slims of those who perished like criminals receive
now the honours of national apotheosis ; and the
proscribed and persecuted Cortes once more re-
gime the functions of legislators to their fellow-
ritizetrs. while the imperishable monument which
they have erected, forms equally the shield of the
Prince and of the People.

New York Papers arrived, this morning, to the
2Gtti of February :

WASHINGTON, FED. ID.

The Ho't* of Repreventatives have, this day, had a
respite from the qiiestimi on which it has, for thee*
hit nineteen sitting days, been in Committee. Yestev-
day the Senate returned the Maine Bill, with amend-
ment*. This day. at an early hour, the amendment.
were read : on which, Mr. Taylor named the theme do
not comm.: Mr. Scott moved the 14111 be committed
to the Committee of the whole. On the Missouri Bill,
aye, 70, noes 107. On a motion to lay on the table, 17
ruse for, awl 06 against. A motion was made to post-
pone till Monday, and lost ; Mr. Siu;bins proposed to
postpone till Tuesday, which was carried, and the
House adjourned.
PROCEEDINGS IN CONIMISS rROR TIIE PAPER 111 THE
21ST or filllte•RT.
Tb, Senate on Thursday terminated its debate, at
halt as the present celebrated Missouri question. A
relies Mudd the following clause was carried :
" Aad be it further enacted, that in all that territory
redid by /ranee to the United States, under the name
1,1 Loniiiana, excepting only such part thereof as is in-
cluded within the limits of the State, contemplated by
this .let, slavery and iweirluotary servitude, otherwise
thee in the punishment of edema, whereof the party
shall have been duly cooriesed, shall be, wad is hereby
fur ever prohibited."

THE QuiEN.—Letters 'have been received 'in
town from the Queen, dated Rome, the Vitth of
February, and oth of March, in which her Majesty
speaks positively of her intention of returning to
England. and of having ordered persons to meet
her at Calnis. Her Majesty expresses much indig-
nation at the Omission of her name in the Liturgy
of the Church of England, and mentions those per-
sons whom she supposes to have been the instiga-
gators of so gross an insult. Notwithstanding this
interdiction, her Majesty expresses her hopes that
the people of England will still pray for her in
their hearts; and sbe assures them she is well,
and sensibly alive to the sasebinations and plots of
her enemies.

Yesterday morning the Duke of York, the Doke
and Dochesi of Clarence, and the Duchess of Ohmmeter,
visited the Princess Augusta at her apartments in the
King's Palace, in St. James's Park. A umber of the
Nobility and persons of distilled.' called in the coarse
of the day to pay their dutiful reopen to her Royal
Highness.
Yesterday the Princess Augusta and a *elect party
dined with the Duke aad Nelms of tileacester at
Oloacester Hos*.
It was rumoured in the aty yesterday, that as
express had reached London, bringing dispatches
from Madrid of the 10th hut., which staled that an
entire change had taken place in the Spanish Ministry.
It was said that Apr, late President of the Junta of
Cadiz, had been appointed President of the new Conseil
of Ministers. O'lnte, who served lb the Arm in-
stance under Ostaeral Blake, and subsequently under
the Duke of Welliagtoa, la the Peninsala war, was
nominated Minister of War, and darer Mishear of
iiesat, Finance. It will be reeelhoild. he field *b limp-
lion a short time aft,. hi ghe Cabinet NM-
aaad, it is stated, has adepled step, in order le'
Ante his empalitet Msaes t te Intl
the Constitatlee of 10111. Oh aimed Om
rernment hare Ones di rseftes for the telress
Illtate prisoners, emend In dilitreat eltuatioos.
The public ;twilit Wag called to the glorious
Constitution of tti, estabtished.loy the ew
he an fa
ieu. It is woe*
Ariti, that Its &tails may lloed
in The 'both*, toe for December. leis. Oil
January, 18141 mil t t them namben ammill as Ma
ofdre boolmellera

(FllOll rag sort,. sem)
Owvnta.--The death of the King of the Sandwich
Wasik is conhroied. This event has occasioned so
inset diwention moo( his successor's and Officers, as
to threaten a revoletiou and civil war. The old King
" °row& of 136.000 dollars in specie.
(room yea mom:aut. astaime or Tit 12T1 FIB.)
UMW CANADA PAIIILIAMINT.—His Excellency the
Gorenior ef Upper Casads he.. by Proclamation, been
pkmed t.-coavoke the Parliasseat of this Province to
16 21st instant, for the dispatch of business.
If we devote so much space to the consideration
of the Spanish Revolution, it is not on account of
ill *Orton= no a political phenomenon, bat be-1
rum it is intimately connected with the great
apissllasvf Rehr., and public liberty, in every

at die
