PRIGR tit;

the thermometer is very variable, often changing. ise
the course of hem hours. frees 23 to 30 degrees.
• • lodopendent of the uncertainty of the seasons, it
is well known that the interior of the cnun'ry, and
I presume also Abe coact at a distance Uoree Cep.
Town (the capital of the otelColony),11 inhabited by
the natives, in. eery cpnsiderabie numbers. It ap-
pears from the CIIMICELL"R of the Eectireven'm
speech, that the new settlers are to form a distinct
Colony on the south eat coast, which, he says, pus.
lessee a good lerritoor, and other local aiitentages,
test the* Honourable Gentleman does not state what
those advantages are ; and as to the circumstance of
there being e good harbour, it Is well lumen that
there are hundreds of such in various parts of An
world, where no rational or intelligent Wee would
ever propose to settle,enless they combined other ad-
venteges; and as no others ate mentioned in this case,
it msy be lady takes for granted none tech east,
lor if they do, they are diminished by something
which Ministers think it prudent to conceal. 1 con-
ceive it 'was the duty of the Administration to hare
distinctly elated every circumstance, favoursble or
other•ise to the country Imposed to he settled, that
the Public might have been able to judge for itself.
whether the project was entitled to support, apfci.
ally as to whet were the dangers to be apprehended
from the vicinity of the natives,whlch,neat to climate
end soil, ought to engage 'Mention its the forees.i.in
of every new colony : or does Government wish the
infant settlement to meet with a fete similar to sane
of the early colonies in Novia Scotia, else be it re.
membered, settled in furtherance of ■ Ministerial
scheme, in 1749? Although Mr. Vents-rue has sot
condescended to ezplain what advantages the soot's.
east coast of the Cup. possesses, the People are not,
I trial, ignorant that a very few weeks have elapsed
since intelligence was received that a most ostensive
and alarming 1 00000 teflon bad broken oat among the
natives, and of the formidable preparations made to
detest their projects, which •t one time thresteeed
the total destruction of some of our new colonies it
that part of the globe; aid if it is tree that these as.
lives are escellent marksmen, and shoot with poi.
sated arrows, a fine alternative is offered by Mini.
1 stets to our distressed manufact•rers, namely, tither
• to be starred al home, or shot by savages abroad!!
After these observations, 1 Will leave it to the
good sense of your Readers, Mr. EDITOR, lo de.
termine, whether men " who profess and call thew.
selves Christians," or who ponces the common feel.
lags of humanity, to say nothing of polite, eight to
recommend or sanction emigration to sects a climate,
en:pokily of persons enured to the seasons of Great
Within and heisted, which must be the case with the
proposed new colonists.
Haling briefly considasted the climate, as well es
made a few ob dons ols, the danger whisk may
arise from the natives to the sew settle's, 1 shall
now stets my objections to the state of slavery in
which the great majority of thepopulution at the Ceps
is Ise ; and here I woeld remark, that if the colony
proposed by the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER is
espeeted to support itself, it cannot do se unless ths
introclociion of slam is permitted, it being a well.
knows fact that few, if any, European constitn.
times can endure labour lo such a country as that is
the vicinity of the Cape. At all mote slavery does
exist to a very considerable extent in the province, of
which the new cclusty is to form a part; aid us I cat.
not better express my opinion of is infl tbso in
the language of Mr. WINTERROTII..III, the unite an.
thor of The History of America. I will refer you to
the 3d volume of that Gentleman's work, p. 110,
where be says,—" There must doebtlem be an un-
happy influence on the manners of the people pro.
dead by the existence of slangy among them. The
' whole commerce between master and *lase is a per.
petard exercise of the most boisterous postiont, the
mist unremitting despotism on the one part, and do.
grading submission on the other. The' children is.
this and kern to imitate it, for men is in Imitative
animal. The parent storms, the child looks on,
catches the lineaments of wrath, puts on the same
sirs in the circle of entailer slaves, gives a loose to his
worst of passions, and thee versed, educated, sod
daily exercised in tyranny, cannot but be stamped
by it with odious pecullaritim. The man most be a
prodigy who coo Maio his manners and morels us.
depraved by aech circumstances. And with what
execration should the Statesmen be loaded, who,
permitting one half of the citizens them to trample on
the rights of the other, transfers them into despots,
and thew into enemies; destroys the morel: of the
one part, and the ewer pettier of the other. Wsils the
morals of the people, their industry also is destroyed.
For in a warm climate no mass will labour for him.
self who can wake another labour for him. This it
so true, that of the proprietors of slaves a very small
proportion, indeed, are ever seen to labour "

. .
As l am told that the CNANCELLOR of the FACRE•
QUER is an admirer of the Poet. whom I before
quoted, I otteld ask him how hat reconciles
project riot's the sentimeuta of that sensible venters
when h. sat.—

"6 t would not haven loot In till my &roved.
To earr% me, se Ina se while I Jeep,
hod tremble vrties l woke, for all the ire.itti
TUN Ma. w. b.argitt as/ mold bare ever ears'/.
Not deur freedom is, sad in my bemires
Joel err imni Ims pried above all prier.
I hod mach ratrer be haviteso be slave.
Ad wear the heeds than lanes them am era "
But what ripsifiell hie seerinunsts, it is ht. pr
we took at. Fos essay of the present Minty. ty
the precep.• of Christianity en their lips, Bail!
lore the first principles of liberty, equity, awl
tad Mus we see the People of thew Re
swisiveted to She nispristioa of " their undo
rigAtsand liberties," srAkAtheir ancrstors "el—

• TWerJee ictuattlaves at the (lift of 46,A Ho'
if, .02nm et Ile Ip6sie pvelatile.

sbio,
I. so.-
.1 j 3o-
C 41,11
oubt4
•imrd,
ul•r. CI 4 se
:
