labd by any means but those of truth.. In the
human heart there is n thing that naturally vibrates
to slavery, falsehood, t 1 dupliity—and I repeat
that it is my earnest rnmendlition to adhere tin
Truth, Integrity, and fair dealing. The late
events on the Contivnt trill „nu me; to offer you
one piece of adviceot-ailtiels I 0
Jaen' mean im-
portance at the rentollyijni ee, a affairs
41),
of Europe. W ecits'solvibly &grecs t, front
She event of t test eft The Dauullic. Core-
ueror will no ' e the whole Conlitte 'of Eu..
Tope under his c rilml—hewll4 in all pr ' billty,
now offer you in 'nt vereember, tif peace
be once accepted proziiotsi to a Ref tit the re-
.presentative systtem of Englaed—you will cal the
fate of the country. 1 am the strenuous and
ardent friend of peace—but peace without Rte for-
motion, both•eivil and military, for the preserva-
tion of the Constitution, and to enable ns to resist
the insidious enemy against whom we hive to con.
tend, will inevitably bring this country to final
ruin. Let us, therefore, have Reform, in order
that we may have Peace. Gentlemen, I nil not
• detain you any longer, but submit the Resolutions
that I have to propose for your approbation and
adoption. [Very loud applause.]
I. That in a Petition presented tamed entered on the Jour-
nal. of the House of Commons on the 6th of May. 1193, it
was averred, and sewed to he proved at their Bar, that 151
individuals (Peers and others), did, by their own authority,
appoint or prox tire the Return of JOT Members of that House
(e snootier of those. from Scotland), who were thus es:tided to
deride alt que.tioliv ip tbe..name vss the-whole people of Great
Britain. , i .
U. That in a Report lately presented lathe said House, it
appears that a large proportion of the Members thermal' are
Ptacemen and Pensioners, dependent us the Crown.
11T. That in a Petition presented to the said House, and
entered on its Joernals, on the 9th of December. 1790. it was
averred, that " seats therein were as notoriously rented and
bought as the standings for Cattle in the Fair," which asser-
tion was then resented in Met Rime as " scandalous and li-
bellous." But when Lord Castlereagh was. on the 11th of
May last, accused of having soli a Seat, he was screened
from punishment on the plea of the extrsoncnotoridy of the
practice ; a practice which various of its Members unblush-
ingly justified.
TV. That when Sent, lathe Commons House of Pallia-
tiont are bought and sold. the people, their laws and liber-
ties, we bought and sold.
V. That while these eateeptionseontieue tn exist, the Pen-
* are deprived of Mete laWfel shore of the G merriment,
by Representation in the Commons House of Parliament,
which share has bens gawped by a corrupt and uncoils/Nu-
these/ oligarchy of Borough-menders.
Vt. That Reform on Cosatitutienal Principles encourages
us se hope that the expose's. disorders. and tumults attend-
*. Elections wadi be avoided—the Rights and Liberties of
On Pei* seserear-Teses raved—the imersai -44 grievous
inspositimu artho Property Tan ransoced, and Ware berthees
revented-Xerrapties then wadi! he no Wager ancestry,
inch leas avowed to be necessary fee the aillaniniebutiaa of
public affairs.
VII. That the King and his People have but ere interest,
lot Bornagh- mongers have an interest sepasmte from each,
aid Wetted to both; *nisi a complete Reform in the Re-
=eiTm * the only meal of destroying the corrupt in-
tbe latter, se it is particularly requisite in these
than for s)e presereettea of both Ring and People.
V;2l. 'Plat the Thanks of this ?denim be given to Sir F.
Surdett. dart. for calling no dip Hesse to take into consi-
deration the necessity at &aurae ha tim Ilicvcrocammi.. 6 I hnt
he be requested to mew his rimiest mete it the nest Session.
44 Mat we reemintaad to GenNss, Mks; kr. Towns, mei
loranghs, to pesos do subject en lib attention of the Hens
tf Commons, by raped/el arid earnest Petitions.
IX. That the Petition now read be signed by the Sherif,
and Freeholders, and delivered to George lilyeg, Esq. to be
restated to the Haase.
TL. That George Byng and William Mellish, Esqrs. oar
alipeesestatives is parliament, are hereby instructed to sap-
lien the same.
XI. That the Thanks of this Meeting be given to the She-
Mrs for their promptitude in rallies this Meeting, and for
their impartial melon in the Chair.
XII. That the Thanks of this Meet* be given to Major
Cartwright. for his perseverance and ability hs the came of
Penitentiary Reacts.
Mr. lIA RE. TOWNSFND—When I came
here I did not think that I should be called upon
to second the Resolutions so ably introduced by
my friend, Major Cartwright, and which you have
beard read. Convinced, however, as I am, and
as 1 trust you all are, of the necessity of thoseße.
solutions, I second the motion with sincere plea.
sure—and the more so, because in undertaking so
to do, I stand in a situation perhaps more peculiar
than that of any other Gentleman in the room. I
am a farmer, and hold a farm, (belonging to my.
self) for which, were I at this eminent to let it, I
could not obtain more than 1601 per annum.
Gentlemen, what will you say, and what will you
think of the situation of England, when I tell you
that the taxes and rates, and stythes of this
farm amount to more thins the rent. (hear !
shameful, abominable !)—iich, Gentlemen, is the
fact, which I attribute, in a great degree, to the
immoderate and unnecessary profusion a ith which
the public money is lavished. This land is tithe.
able,,and being lately called upon fur an increase
orthe annual paynsmst in respect of my great
tythes, I wrote a letter to the inhabitants of Go.
claiming, near to which my farm lies, which is so
exactly illustrative of the present situation of the
country, that with your permission I will take the
liberty of reading it. Whatever coincidence there
may appear to be between this letter and the ob.
ject of this Meeting, I can assure you, that even
the Requisition was at that time not known by
by me to be in contemplation. You will observe,
that in the account of the expenditure of the farm,
the lax on cart horses is accidentally omitted—
and the truth on that subject is, that the calls of
the tax-gather are so numerous, so incessant, and
so indeterminable, that I really forgot to insert
it—so that the statement is really below the real
amount of expenditure in rates, taxes, and tythes.
My house too being on a scale somewhat more ea.
tensive than that which would be deemed requisite
for the occupation of a farm of this extent, I did
not think it fair to include the house and window-
tar. A farmer to be sure must have a house--
that is, if he can get one in the present alarming
and deplorable state of the country. [Read,
read !] Mr. Townsend then wad the fu owing
letter.

.

I

• A Letter adiressed tin the Inhabitants of Gadslasi*, on the
remit Rise of the pat Tithes.
Gentlemen, lloshildge, July 1111, 1601
As an iticreased demised fir Tithes will oblige me to cease
loot being a Grower of Corn a circainstaace which contents
the Public as nearly as It does myself, I beg in present the
Inhabitants of (lodalmin Parish with a statement of facts,
which vamps may stimulate them to come forward with
the friends of British FIVIIIONS to procure that Reforms which
can alone wive the Gantry from Rain.
When a bow has been strained to the almost, it will break
at last. Rotas if the calls of Government were not sufficient
to snap the string, and as if the snapping of it were OA bo-
wer to be coveted, the Proprietor of Tithes has come for-
ward on the present occasion to give the finishing pull, before
another Budget should have prevented the Farmer from sup-
pl% lag t::e Peopl.. with Corn, encept at a price which none
but the most affitseat could nford to pay.
Gentlemen, the Farmer, she mere litemer, has been forced
to comply with the various demands made upon him, and
with the Rise of Tithes that has lately taken place, for the
ehoncethat some scanty pittance might still remain to him,
by which he might keep his Family from starving. But
where a man is not dependent on the next year's crop fur hi,
support, he has another duty to perfois I be is bound to act
hooch a way, as to sbew the People the true state of the
Country, and not, by submitting to be the mere agent of
others who are fatlening on the pit6lic spoil. appear to be a
partaker of the pluoder, and be held out to public detest-
ation, and pointed at by the finger of Scorn, as selling his
Caro at ant:nor/twits price; when, in fart, the money be re-
ceives at market with one hand, is immediate', parted with
by the other in payment of Land-tax, Primes-to-tar, POOP.
rate, ilig h a, -rate. t; Uurc -r ate, and Great and Sots
Tights. Io corroboration of which, I shall now proceed to
slate my facts, by giving you an account of what I pay au-
nt:oly under those heads, upon a Farm for which, were I to
let it, I could not obtain more than 1601. per ammo rest :
ie. 8. d.
Land-tax l6 8 5
Property-tax 31 6 4
Poor-rate 47 5 0
II igh n ay-rate • 10 17 3 •
t hurch rate
Great Tidies... 99 2 6
Small Tithes 11 5 0 -

Total ♦..157 t 8 0

This, Gentlemen, 1, what Ipay at present. But when the
Proprietor of the Great Tithes was for raising them to 501
a par! which would have brought my outgoings for Tithes,
Taxes, and Rates, to eight pounds fifteen shillings and six-
pence per year beyond any Rent 1 maid obtain, I felt that
the last pull broke the boo, but that it *treed the Alan to re-
sist further Oppression I
Gentlemen, when you consider, in addition to what I have
bete stated, the increased puce of Labourers' Wages, and
the increased price of every thing that is used upon a Farm,
such as Iron, Tlat'a.,r, Leather, Cart Horses, kc. all. at
which arc in constant wear and tear (the three first in the
shape of Harness, Carts, Waggons, Harrows, and Ploughs,
for %slid again there is neeevsarily an increased Demand I.
the Making; and that the het are frequently swept off by
the di_ oilers incident to Colts, or the ialluenee of contagious
&tempers), you cannot wonder at the high price of Corn I
and you mast be convinced that the present s)stent of Taxing
and Tithing, if persevered in, will in a short time prevest
the Farmer from selling the produce of his lind, except at a
price. as I have observed before, which none but the affluent
can afford to pay.
Now, :ientlemen, there is an easy remedy for the griev•
antes which all feel, but of which few dare openly to corn-
plaiu, and that is—a fair and equal Representation of the
I People in Parliament.

AVPre the I:te...ti Pen',lr't Po uperty Ihvii real
Representatives, instead of being returned to sera* in Par-
liament in tile way the) arc, it is nut unreacciaable N sup-
pose that some the •k might be put on the Proprietor of
Tithes, when his exorbitant demigods have driven the For-
tner to submit to his Tithes being taken in kind; and that
the Farmer shoodd at least have a right to retain a fair Pro-
portion of the teeth part of his Crops set apart fur the
Tithes, for the one be bad expended in buying Unming
aad artiicial Maumee: And it should not be forgotten, that
when the Clergy were first allosed a nnth part of the gross
produce of the Land, the Tithes were divided into four equal
Paris, and applied to four different purposes: The first
/earth went to the Bishop ; the second to the Esainteunace of
the repairs of the Church ; the third to the support of the
Poor ; and tbefouriA was all that war pocketed by the Reeler.
But, Gertlemen, the Rector now pockets AU! and so far
from costributing to the support of the Poor, ahsointelv de-
' titan& that the Farmer should pay the Poor-rate on the Tither
be has compounded for

Now, Geotkinen, I shall cnneludeby nbsereing, and it is

ati observation that should be particularly attended to at time
present juncture, that those who have Out the spirit to resist
oppression and extortion at ►nine, a ill fall an easy conque►t
to a foreign foe, should he ever elect a landing oa our coasts.
Rouse therefore, Britons I from your torpor, come forward
to procure a Constitutional Parliamentary Reform, and you
may then look forward to Pence, Liberty, and Plenty, in
tbc room of War, Vaal*, and Foreign Dependence!

am,
Gentlemen,
Your obedient Servant,
And nell-wisber to my Country,
HENRY HARE TOWNSEND.

Gentlemen, I really had not an idea of this
Meeting at the time I wrote the Letter I have just
read, our would I have presumed to occupy the
time and attention of the Meeting by reading it,
had it not appeared to me to be the very best way
of seconding Major Cartwrisht's Motion, whisk
I greatly approve. To that much-respected cha-
racter, as also to every Friend of Freedom, I
shall at all times give that strenuous support
which I think the cause deserves. But in addition
to the Resolutions that I have now seconded, I
shall beg to move that a Petition, grounded on
these Resolutions, shall be also presented to the
House of Commons, praying a Reform in Parlia-
ment.---[The substance of the Petition, which was
then read, is as follows :]

That on the 6th of May, 1793, a retitled was presented to
the Home of Commons, V welch It is averred, that Three
Hundred and levee el the Members fur England and Wales
only, are not refereed to Parlietneet by the Suffrages of the
People ; bat are, through Immerses breaches and evasions of
the Freedom of Election, therein thily vet forth, appointed by
Ow Hundred and Fifty-four Peers and Conememen
That Evidence in proof of the facts contained in inch Pe-
tition was tendered is support thereof; and the allegations so
stated is the said Petition, still 'Mad am the Journals of the
House of Commons uncoutradicted.
Thai by the Statute, commonly called the Septennial lid,l
the same House of Commons may sit fin a period equal sal
oise-half of the probable duration °Chemin life, take, at the
most flavourable age.
That the right of the Commas to seed Representatives to I
parliament was, by our ancient GOlNollitliSt vested in tbe

:

Freeholders and iftioneholders s and long Parliaments were
heretofore as stakisown as the modern practice of Members
procuring their Seats in the House of Commas by Purchase,
Nomination, or by barter of Patronage.
'Chat every departure from this undoubted den of the
People to a subatsuitial Repotation in short Parliaments,
was a violation of the fundalfal principles of the Cusuisu-
(inn, and is a grievance dangerous alike to the liberties add
Property of the People.
That this deplorable state of the Repre►entntiai, ed'
operating with the Septennial duration of Parliaments, huh
an alarming tendency to destroy that constitutional balavre
which ought to subsist between the three Branches of 04
LegislatUre; and threatens the Subjects of these Rralms with
a Tyranny more hateful and degrading than a despotic
Monarchy—the I.:Aarpatioo of the Rights of the People by
an Oligarchy of the Proprietors of Boroughs.
That the elective Franchise ought to be hitrosted to those,
and those only, who are likely to exercise it for the common
' good, which, by the Act passed in the last Session of Par-
liament, to regulate the disposal of Seats io the Home of
Commons, the eetitiouess conclude not to be the ease is the
Venal or depopulated Boroughs.
The Petitioners therefore cooldeady rely on the Wisdom
and Justice of the House of Gthamons, to take their
Petition into their early and gloat serious considera-
tion, and to glint them such relief in the premises as
sisal be most consistent with that leading principle of
our happy Constittili,in, a full and free Representation
of the People in Parliament.
•

Mr. MADDEN.-..Before the Resolutions are
put to the vote, I beg leave to say one word on
the form only in which they are proposed to be
addressed, fur to the substance I certainly see
not the smallest objection. I cannot but express
my astonishment at the courage of a 111R2 W ho has
spent his life in the service of the people (Major
Cartwright), iti requesting what he calls the
House of Commons, but what I call the lower
House of Parliament, fur a reformation of abuses.
lie has, in fact, called that the Representation
which I call the misrepresentation of the people.
Gentlemen, I really think that this is one of the
most inauspicious times to petition the House of
Commons that could have been chosen. Iles nut,
the worthy mover of the Resolutions told you
that this Irian of Reform, which is so necessary
to the safety of the country, has been patronized
by Lord Camden, patronized by Mr. Fun, pa.
tronized by Mr. Grey, and patronized by Air.
Pitt t•-.- Is this a time to hope fur success by cum.
ing forward to petition the prosecutor of the uu.
fortunate Hamlyn and the fromd of the absniali-
ble Reding t Most assuredly may y ott reckon
that they will • not pay the slightest attention to
your petition. This adverse prospect is nut, how.
ever, sufficient, I admit, to induce us to view
our condition as being ,texper ate. But there is
one circumstance which I own affects me inure
than any other, and that is, the langu.sv of those
men who for so many yrles called themselves the
antagonists of Mr. Pitt ; who, hating succeeded
by continually dwelliug on a then* which deligh tor
all, immediately on coming into power entered
upon measures which fro:e the hearts of all. By
accident an expression was dropped that we oeglir
to be true to our object. Now I mean to prow.
pose that we should petition the King, as was
formerly dune in frequent instances, tar4to inns*
his writs to the well-knoxn rotten iusrensgist ;
we shall then know where the grievance really
lies—and it will, in all probability, be seen to be
with Ministers.. It is wholly useless to petition Par.
liameitt ; because the fault is there divided amossra
the oligarchy of England and the Ministers of the
day—that Borough factiuu which hive divided
amongst themselves the Government of England. If
you want to see the Code a the Ina, Faction, you
have only to read a Memoir by a IVriter of no in.
considerable talents, who avows that ho sent it* os
to read for our instruction. For my own part
cannot but say, that I am most heartily glad that
we are acting in unison with the friends of Sir F.
Burdett ; but it is nor fur a man, so sensible of the
injures of which we complain, to go with petitions
to that Rouse of Commons in which oaths are
rendered as cheap by that most inefficient of all
weak measures—Mr. Curwen's Bill—as the pro.
testatlons of Harlots or the promises of Minis-
ters. Indeed the assertions of the Speaker mid
that Bill arc wholly at variance—and I totally ob.
ject to a measure uhich holds out no security, un-
less the taking a false oath on so important
an occasion were productive of the same species
of ignonimous punishment which attends the
giving of false testimony in a Court of Law ; and
more particularly object to it, because it keeps up
the delusion of the Whig Nobility being the attn.
nuotts advocates of liberty, when, at the same
time, we see from what quarter efforts are nude
to put down a man who has done store by his
writings than any other man to expose corrup-
tion, and elect a Reformation of Abuses (Mr.
CORBETT.) The men thus arrayed against that
man are not those I wish to see in power. Such
men I wish to see lying in the same ditch or the
commonwealth with the Nominors and Nominees
of rotten boroughs.—What has nut been your
experience on this afflicting subject, and what can_
you reasonably hope ftotn 'any rehire Admini-
stration composed of those materials ?--There
was in particular one measure, of a must fatal ten.
dency, which struck at the root of your liberties--
I mean that suspension of the freedom of the press
that took place during the trial of Lord Melville.
It can never be forgotten, that this attack upon a
must important branch of our liberty, was made
under the sanction of Mr. Fox and other Whigs—
. it :cut —upplaitre j. Why, Gentlemen, ue
might just as well get rid at once of all that publi-
city in the administration of our laws, which is
obtained by an open Court of Justice, where every
one has aright to bea spectator of the proceedings.
—The suspension of the publication of the pru-
ceedings in the case of Lord Melville, was
just as much as to say, that the People of
England would necessarily think that because he
was accused he ought to be condemned. What !
consist the thinking people of England weigh the
evidence that may be laid before them from day to
day ?—Are they more apt to decide on es parte
evidence only than throw by whom the cause is to be
i judged I—Are aot the Moose of Commons and the
House of Peers necessarily to form their lodgments
on evideoce given fromday today—on the proceed-
I logs that take place, pall`by pert' Are they cum.

posed of different it aterigs from the People of
F,ngt ,n t, uho are refused permission to jodge for
themselves, except by the perusal of s folio, um_
der the burthen of which a man would sweat ?
This is 'most melancholy and molt ignore inieus to
rememb. r! The Whig Admininistratien, however,
at last, lust their places, by attempting a measure,
the risk of which was nut worth running, as, after
all, had that which they promised to effect beets
carried iuto execution, Ireland would not hare
been sat iejled. I never will consent to petition
that House fora Reform in Parliament, which I
knoe to be so absolutely under the guidance of
the Aristocracy and the Clerks of the Tre miry.
No ; we must go to the Kiwi; himself, and say,
here is a considerable: number of Nuns which for-
, inerly hada large population and numerous estates,
but they now scarcely serve to hide t! e infamy
of a corrupt Mayor and Corporation P.— Most
delicious are the returns made by those places--
over-1(111:n hankers--brokers—contractors---
and stock-jobbers—swarm in them like mites in
rotten cheese. These renal sons of corruption,
having studied the art of government is the shade
of these immaculate retrea.s, hasten to the Tree.
sury, alike qualified to be representatives in the
lower or the upper House of Parliament. The
aground on which this corruption is defended is
must curious. It is necessary, say those who
jaggy the existence of a corrupt venal Represen-
Wien, that property andinfluence should be repre-
sented. What is meant by this I know not ; are nut
property and influence represented by both the King
and the Aristocracy ? But mind what these inge-
nious knavec would add le the natural immanence
of the different branches of our constitution ;
they would, on that natural influence, engraft a
purchased, renal, and corrupt influence, not
I sanctioned by the Constitution, absolutely hostile
to its existence. All wealthy men have a natural
influence over every man who has not leisure or
inclination to mix in the discussion of political
subjects. This necessary and unavoidable intlu_
ence no poor man grudges to the rich; it is a con.
sequence which naturally arises out of the condi-
tion of society. But although the poor man
grudges not this influence, it goes to his very
heart to see the children of the corrupt and
venal electors of some paltry Borough pro* ides!
for by places, while his own children :ire doomed
to the workhouse—the monuments of Pile's
glory are barracks, nud workhouses—to such a
state is England at length reduced !! ! In the
correction of those crying evils, subitantial Re-
form is the sole remedy that can be applied....
There was certainly much truth in the observa-
tion that has been made, that in the prosecution
of a correct principle there cau be no such thing
as temperunce—for no man can be temperate in
the cemaiission of perjury or murder—those
crimes cannot be committed by halves...the least
degree of either is positively criminal, and if
you agree with me in opinion, yuu will resist the
proposition for presenting a Petition to Parlez-
Assent. lam fully sensible of the entire devution
' of Sir Francis Burdett to the support of Ilse
Constitution of his Country, which he /mous
and understands as 'weirdly as any of its,
who are now contending for the restoration of its
rights and privileges ; and I most readily concur
a
till passing another Resolution to confirm him in
1 the pursuit of the path that he has se lionoerably
and so gloriously chosen for himself, and to es.
courage Mm in the efforts he is making for our
benefit. But I really do nut think that Sir Fran.
cis Burdett could honestli. tell you that, by peti.
tinning the House of Commons, you have the
slightest chance of obtaining a Reform it, Partia-
-1 recut. This worthy and exalted character has that
good sense which will enable him to do SU that
man can do; and he is, as we all bin*, in pos-
session of the confidence ald affection of a'l
true friends of the Cuestitistioo ; but- he can
do no more than he has already dense 3;.lic cati go
no further than he has 'already gune....asei
all meashres in this respect Must . prove use-
less, unless the rapt* are determined strew,.
ousty and feartessly to support him in his efforts
to obtain a representation instead of a misrepre-
sentation, by which alone they cats' be defended
against that power before whom other nations have
sunk in succession. Front thy Power and ascen-
dancy of Bonaparte, great and eve* mighty as
they are, nothing is to be dreaded by a free peo-
ple, fur he has not yet subdued any kingdom
which was nut already internally subdued by the
corruption and profligacy of its own Govern-
ment. This reflection ought to operate as an aw-
ful lesson to England, where the Game Laws and
the operation of Pitt's detestable machkationt
have taken away the right of arming the popula-
tion. f..et the people of England express their
sentiments universally, boldly, and without re-
serve, and Parliament will no longer refuse that
which they dare not sproathe—Reforui in every
department of the Stnte, by which the predominant
ascendancy of Enziand, among the nations, will
be restored ; the alarm of the great Autocrat of
Europe excited, and that careless Amara, restored
to England, It hich in her best times made hes al-
most rezormlless of they ferments and contentions
of the whole world. (Loud applause, braro
bravo !1
Mr. Iif:STLEY. When I enterni.this room,
my sentiments wean perfectly in unison with those
of the Gentleman who spoke last, but shat he
has said has constrained me so far to OCT ."1:3
',pinion, that I am now disposed to coulee Pe. eke
sentiments of the worthy Mover o,lr the Petition„
and the ground of this alteratips, in my opinion,
arises (rein this einisiderrion,—fhat If you netitiots
the listig instead of the Parliament, from that mu.
teen( there is nn end to all discussion of the ques-
Nom of P4I liuntentary Reform. •Your Potter',
to the King %s ill na handed •over to some Lord in
waiting, and ..seer inure led the light. I Ilene
same time perfectly agree in sentiment with, the
, Gentienete ahe ..iiee that vier hope of Reform
iron, petitioning Parliament rinsing but be ex-
treniety slender; but seen; Vetifisei will 'sem-.
warily pi °owe discussion. WI aroiru aliaMteasi-
pontl:tetweemrk.no7tW4:e:tisl:r:hriri i,in"kg. ; :44.1hiki meansei i :o:fhl-
this
stfli ii
i:s I folly. ris ono
on el
r subsi ugf
jest, with only a diferent .view of the maids. of

• •

•
