i Pried*. OIL
• 'i Mod Nal Tar Brown. 10e. per. *wt.

Vanishes. Le. de.

imelers DL ROUSAAVILII RED PILL,
(Staled with Red Wax),
AMOUS for the Cure of every Stage and
Symptom of • Certain Complaint,—lt is a melancholy
het. that thousands faU victims to this horrid disease, owing
Isths easkilfulness of illiterate men, who, by an improper
Asset of this direffil calamity, not unfrequestly cause
*Mout ulcerations and blotches which so often appear en
hold, flee, sad body, with dimness la the sight. noleein
nits. deafness, strictures, obstinate glee's, nodes on the
hones, uktrated sore throat, diseased nose, nocturnal
in the head and limbs (frequently mistaken for other
), till at length a general debility sad deeay of the
insuitutloa anassa, and a moltureitoly &saran a period to
rins mortality.
gee ith swab*: Is glees a copious bill of directions, by
Permits are scabbed speedily to cure themsel yes, with
- mad secrecy, without confinement or hindrance of bu-
_,"▪ etsli. its erasing sale, for many years, is a certain cri"
se Ohs great utility.—Price only 4s. 13d. per box.
Steam of rolaterfeits.—The genuine Boerhaave's Kid
, ars sold by Leigh. IS, Strand ; Yawn, 130, Oxford-
'tr's,: Sefton sad Co. Hew Church-yard Huller. alesP"
Tao. Royal Egebenge and Ward. Holborn,
....11111necticire is a highly *NOW remedy la chronic rise,-
k siandalar obstructions. and scarfy eruptions; In
cellt.
fillet i<hassseeeededwhen salivation aattether eseenshare

1. St l'“erryitintots. Catnbridge, Rao . 24,
U. and Mart:ts 98, at the Mack Bear Inn. Cambrldae. At-
torneys, Messrs J. and R. Smith, Hatton-garden. London.
H. Beaton, West (*antel, Somerset, tualtster. Feb. 96,
March 7, sod 98, at the Angel Inn. Mierborne, Dorsrtshlre.
Attorneys. Mr. Kerley, Wilton, Wiltshire; and Messrs.
Brandrett and Co.. Temple. Lon.lon.
W. Artnistemt, Boylan& York. worsted-spinner, Mgreh L.
1. and IS. at the Union Crows. Halifax. Attorneys. Messrs.
Wiglesworth and Crossley. Gray's Inn, London ; sod Messrs!
Wlgiesworth and Co., Hansa.
F. Clarke, Leicester, boot and shoe-maker. Feb. 118.
and March VS. (no place). Attorneys, Mr. Taylor, Jan.,
street, Bedford-row, London ; and Mr. Dalby, Leicester.
W. Carnes, Canal-row, Rennondsey, reps-maker, Feb. Wt.
0, and March 98, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Townson,
Ratelilfe-highway.
T. Tipping. Warrington. Laneaster, miller. March 9. Ilk
.6•91118, nt the George lon, Warrington. Attorneys, Messrs.
Num and Honstonn, New !trifle's-street. Rlackfriars, Lon.
MI sad Messrs. Hover sod Nicholson, Warrington.
T. Perry. sea. Boddieolt. Osford. nurseryman, Feh. 111.
ft, gad March 98, at the White Lion Inn. Banbury. At'.
preys. Mr. Tints. Banbury ; and Messrs. Lower and Cow-
hero, Temple. London.
Ellsabrth Hutchinson. Nottingham. ronfectlon•r, Feb. 0.
fa, and March 48. at the Flying Horse, Nottingham. Al-
legany, Mr. Taylor. Field-court. Gray's Inc London.
C. Nossites, Orimsbnry. Northampton. tanner, March 3,
and IS. at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Attorneys,
Messrs. Clarke and Co., Chancery-lane, London ; and Mr.
Wills, Blindegbans.
E. Cattell, Milverton. Werwirk, mealman. Feb. 48, 99,
and March 111, at the beau Hotel. Warwick. Attorneys.
Messrs. Collett and Co. Cimuorry-lane, London; and Misses
He don and Parkes, Warwick.
T. Lawton and 8. Rowe, Stsrley-bridge. Lancaster. ma-
chine-makers. Feb. 48. 99. and March Mk at she White Bear
lan. Manchester. Art Mr, Barlow, Oldham; and
Messrs. Milne and P rry , Temple, London.

DIVIDENDS.
March 9, W. Altar I. Binalogisam. haberdasher, at the
King's Iliad It e, Coventry—Feb. 96. J. Reay, Mark-leer.
arlae-seter chant, at Guildhall—Feb.96, R. Randall. Coleman-
street, Black a ell.hall factor, atGuildhall—Feb. 99. J. Gard-
ner, Neweavtle-endrr-Lease. ironmonger. at the Castle
Hotel. Neweastie-undee.Lyme—March 7, W. Smith, Liver.
mersimat, at the York Hotel, Liverpool—Mareb 7, T.
Bess. Liverpool. draper, at the Yolk Hotel. Liverpocl—
March 7. W. Orke, Frovishane, Cheditra. Boer-dealer, at the
Hop-pole Ins, Chester—March R. .1. Wheeler. Stratford-
... Avon, coal-trader, at the Warevisk Arms Inn, Warwick
—March 11, J. 0. Spring, Coologieby, Lincoln. draper and
grocer. at the White Hart Ina. Boston--Mareb 11. J. Haw-
kins, T. Morris, and W. Constable. Poplar. Middlesex.
Milder.. at Guildhall. Leedom—Moods 11, J. Marvehalli
Vag'. Head-court, Newgate-street. wholesale linen-draper.
at Guildhall—Mardi 7. R. A. Clads, Ilerwlek-apon-Tweed,
,peru-weraiiant, at Gaildhall. Loadas--Illarek 11..1. Clarke.
Nammersmith, coal and corn-dealer. at Guildhall. Londe.
—March 7. T. Ackland, men. Greenwich, butcher. at Guild-
hall, Laadaa_hearehas, W. Pell. Great East-cheap. demist,
et Guildhall—March 11, T. J Judd-street. Brunswick-
supare, master-marioer, "Gbildhall—March 11. J. A. and
C. Nutberiaad, Helen's-place, sterehants. at Guildhall--
March IL M. D. Martin, Burlington Arcade, Piccadilly,
jeweller, at Guildhall.
Ck STIIICATEII--11saes 7.
.1. Ihafteta. Strom& Glotteeeterahlrak
Iruker KA.
sell, Bartley. awake. cove-dealer—J.Wardoer-
, street, Westminstert, esiteit-etakse..—D. Plaaitsgtoa. Cheltee-
haat. livery eta harper--J. 8+ 1. 101yeseeth. watt*.

pairs by the leirs, and twenty boys were on the other
side in the main hold, a space niessnring eighteen feet
in length, seven feet eight inches in main breadth, and
one foot eight inches in height, and under them the yams
for their support. One of these unfortunate creatures
was in the last state of dysentery, whose natural evacua-
tions ran involuntarily front him amongst those yams,
creating en effluvia too shocking fur description. On
their being released from irons, their appearance was
must distressing, scarcely one of then. could stand on
their legs from cramp and evident starvation. The
spate allowed for the females, thirty-four in number,
was even snore contracted than that for the men, 111111-
sterinc only nine feet four inches in length, four feet
eight inches main breadth, and two feet seven inches in
height; hut not being confined in irons, and perhaps
allowed during the day to come on deck, they did not
present so distressing an appearance as the men."
This wanton act of cruelty against inoffenoling indivi-
duals is performed for the benefit of a monster holding
the high rank of Governor—Agri sacra firmer. We
glory in the contrast between true Britons and slave
dealers. Captain Kelly found those Africans in the
very lowest state of degradation and misery; he not
only broke their fetters, but he, his officers and crew, by
their humane care and attention, preserved their lives
for freedom; only one died on the passage.
!Nom the non-arrival of the Portuguese Commission-
eta, the commission being incomplete, the trial of the
vessels did not take place. After going through the re-
gular examination of the witnesses, the 71 ,ri-desist
slaves Mere landed on the 20th inst. in good health, and
sent to the town of Bathurst.
With respect to the Spanish schooner, she was taken
off Little Rassao. The captain was on shore purchasing
the remainder of the cargo, and declined coming to Sierra
Lorne to defend :14 property. One day before, the
Morgiana, Captain Strong, fell in with a large schooner
off Grand Basuto; she was at anchor off a ledge of
rocks. On perceiving the man of war, the slaver used
every exertion to Lind the slaves, and being aided
by nearly forty canoes, she would probably have com-
pleted her purpose; however, two boats having been
sent front the Morgues to intercept the canoes, al-
though the ruffian ordered, in English, his people to fire
on the British boats, which order they obeyed, not con-
ceiving his vessel perfectly enure front capture, he at-
tempted to push on further, got into eke surf, and was
upset. The masts were soon seen overboanl, and a
great mtsulaer of slaves running to the woods ; bat, how
ninny perished in irons in the bold!

NAVAL NEWS.
OCTOBER 23.—We notice with plessere the arrival
have, on the 3tl instant, of a slave schooner, under the

. present
L'Amitie (Ls. Cheistiaens), has addressed a letter to blI
Excellency the Governor, complaining of the infamous
treatment he has met with in the Rio Pongas from the
two Curtises, who have plundered the vessel, and with
their people beat the crew ; in consequence of which
treatment, the second Mate, Monsieur Amiote Reyes,
died on the 6th of September, leaving a family of ire
children. A grand meeting of the Chiefs and Siam-
dealers took place on that occasion, and Curtis, seam.
was sentenced to pay 3M) dollars. How long will the
nnfortunate Africans, residing in the neighbourhood of
that important river, be left to the merciless fury of stub
monsters as Curtis, Orikaml, Faber, Leightburn, Pewits,
atc. &c. ! Such are the effects of the traffic in blood !

• . .
-- vhf
' ••• ?
1 . _ . • (40
/ 1 .
. e
• r•• 114 4 /: S
...),,
--ro - ...
, ,i.
. .
...eik
10,1,,t „iman, . ....,
....,„ti0.,,,,,..:4
.. •
, ,7 , ...jAittpiLZ _
... 0 •
, f
LONDON, WEDNESDA9V,EBRUARY 16 1820. •
•
• , .
TheCl,. fur which HAMPDEN felt ite the itielei, mod SYDNEY died on the Scaffold!" _ .
Amebs,
o. 4611. ~ GP
-
RIC 4 TIX
..-------
makew--alishsel Phillips, Oren Preseott-strest, Goodness's- charge of Lient. Head, if Ms Majesty's shop of war
'YO TIIE LIVERY OF LO'NEION. This day Wee published, livo. Its.
Old North Ses-Hoess, Web. 10, moo. y ECTEIRES, chiefly on the DRAMATIC LITE- 114114 61("1".• Morgan. She was takes near Up Woes by the
6„r‘diest. IL/ MATURE of the AOE of ELIEASETIL ddiveredat
. aoinadill:Flataa."o. naspiCanifirefftialin.Wsispiesirsbaf.s. FroofoLttVl.=ED.
.garans.ire„ ear-
aMb.oistrderseroaifinineridthtewmollaolictahltialreacilan .rebwoafirapbtradoatickienrylrsore_go' lintaiLtiant
santrashorrhe:
iii,Eo upon by en numerous and so highly the Sorry Isstitutioc
-.fable a hotly of the Livery. It would be isconsim- • By WILLIAM RAZLITT. butionnenssekosmakers-wino.mordmM•CallandsiCa_
jounellasna.Glasinndovaann-Ei. and Leone. he WIXOM!" was coextension on the 7th last
rev
,ow whole tenor of my public life if I refused to Printed for Station sad Steuart, 81, Strand ; and Selland c„,
the very day the Horsiest' returned. Her aMe Conn-
ell
Eradiate, Edl b h MVPs Hill Colliery Ittalkedeldres-Bishoe
itemrir regent, again to stand forward as a Can-
nsander, in ish cruiee, fell in with a large schooner, fell
owl' ' leant. of representing this great City in Par- n urg .
jorivik "These Lectures embrace all the great literary reputation silogliam, factors-O- . Meths sad Rowe iriaaadtersB--1115Alth
tlieusE
of
___
_______, _.„
___,___ age,which they profess to Illustrate ; and sad Unsay, Feneberch-strest, eolreeldealers--Pollit and
and writers of the of alarm off Trade Town, and drove hot oa above. In
that case, as in the former to which we alluded before, it
ITy raperimn or II 7°4" .l- In3r`w""v• se"iolus, are sot les, useful.. a compendium of productions. sot coal- illtes_A Sosearby-b , Hal Was, drysalters-armstroug
1 sr! h, i. useful attention. to the ornst rersed._ Ja aae_, lied
moldy in the Asada of the bail of readers-iiiee are sisseleg alid /Gni& East flattelleid, sbasallers..-Toleon and Shaw, is said that the slaves rose against the crew anti strip
arits „bawl 60 &obi yWM SO OliVilliVOCIO y urscowes ma it. by their s ;elicit), and captivities by their seergy and ea- iliblillefroefl. Abisonbury, fmaydesh.memiteenseers-Kalgat therm of all their clothes. It is with peculiar testis ae-
.lo.arernort recorded tereimeny of so merry of 2:31.7 theetum...
sad Betibler, arldport, asi-asmillistatrers-Forseil aid Cs- tion we meatiest the services resdered to the cause of
Aiwa render any profession of my Priselplee
Reldwin's Condom Mops's.. No. S. poem NI. plea, Ltdoester. wholesale Masien-Wheeler, sea., sad Istesuan'tv by the Morgans, two vessels taken sad two
- --- -- --- • •---•- wheeler, Liverpool. allasee---Firth sad Toulon. Manchester, desizroevy.le4;!,-dAarriaingn
we
eshboarrtsperiodtbe
hula:l:wiser romsainysusernfnr.on.
~..,,art.
* ointoe-spianers--R. aid W. Field, Trent Sussex. Week-
'ed real of the Mettle; of this day has Wined sly On Monday next will be published.
D.: t.
' • Cemberwell. gratnlating the friemls of Africa on the successful sod ii-
ture,..oorsseed to the Livery that the anon. duties ilip Roc•EEDINGB ira the cue c 4. Mr. Hommysii. OlOiliSO--CoWls sod gears, Cottage.,
rood esass,s on ass part should be dispensed with--a
&litigable exertions of his Majesty's ship Ifiorgiana. •
1-- anther with his Argonne, se it appeared in Tun lettssers-Fmner and Nye, Tunbridge-wells, Tuebridge,
facturers-Rowed anti Wagliors, Paal-street,
On Sunday last, Mr. Wolf, • midshipman of that skip,
. ' en( respect to that MiNghtened sad ladepewdent body Tame, N „per.
dealers la makosaay-Mitchell and Harris, Noe-
.. I lone at an dines ensnared due from a Casdidate ;
reasedi I may thes be relieved from this mart of alter Published ender his Immediate direction iimulasiass.
brought into the harbour a pretty echoes', lIIMItte IN*.
1 • , „„,dc, the anterhors ere any utaZianwill medially 'Oa It pat-twate issfeau eqi tette mitre bathe Se MIMEMINNIIIMINIMS segues.. comers, natives .... L.... 4 ..-........, -: I-J.-
1 i way tweNtiltittaila. linallesailllal firt bieatot fait. make --. IMINUILI LIMNS. roomed from slavery, via. twelve fin little isitys. alt
:_imital:Licnies,rill4lsitabeitunkbasted,wooved with dams I entendre.—On as lei permit pas de parier. part*
us kit
er,entiy, yin eyeeteeNT be deemed to this ma ors tablettes perfoleat.-Tellietoit Is loi de Babylon". girls, and the remainder men aattlewora. - - •
i Irsom Tao ROYAL Cum?' or slams* tenni.] We it mientand that the blorgiatsa shaved may mesh .•
1 dieing. of those high duties which dee vast and Ileadtg--Roasan de Voltaire. in her cruise to Leeward, sad experienced cants. Her
..
, lows?, of this great Commercial Counasueity re- Mated fbr Wedeln sad Seserart. SI, Strand. Famt Town, JOLT 17, 1110.-From recent and as-
o the !mods of Its Representative. -_____ theistic iaformation, we have to lay before our readers a gallant Celnntanrle• ba•lag received Infeclaatlas that
trailing near Cape Mount. not
____
I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, VIAMILIES FURNISHING may obtain the distressiag memoranda of the traffic in slaves at the Gal- his w slay! creed? were
is boats is that direction about twenty wiles distance.
lirnas and the river Sheabar, close to our happy and free "
Yost raithful and devoted 'servant,
.1.- most derided R 110 %INS In !Rum' LINENS, by an With perseverance and seamanehip they se managed
W everts fatly • iention at BURCH'. I iota and Stereetioa Wi colony.
as to make their approach in the dark ; and at midnight,
Brig. 130 tons, name unknown, Perry master, fitted
undaunted by superiority of numbers, the boarded
tee. easCemmittee for anductinte the Election of fi. ir
_house,
te.S.S.gt Great . Rtl4Shelliqtrert: Riousbery, corner eIP-of
reeds
sh daily
at ewe Luirirsu T
.where all usenet . , where e s selling his last Importation at out front the Havannals • 306 slaves; crew English and
three slave vessels lying at anchor slime in share ; on
such unpreeedested low prices as must, en inspection. eat Americans; sailed in July.
- • . tans will be thankfully received. only, the present prise,lsed slaves on board, aid reluct-
sure universal approbn ion; each piece warranted grass- Schooner, 49 tons, Cook master, from St. Augustine/. ; '
awry our brave tars were obliged to permit of the
- bleached, and of durable Fabric. East Florida; 36 slaves; crew Americans; sailed in
?IDLES on an Inraoran PRINcIPM. P.slavers continuing their traffic; will probably take
N. H. No other article sold. July inst.
(MEP, IL ST. Msavie's-sana, te New
&fawner, 180 tons, Breton master, fitted oat front St. away other less fortunate beings- The mime of the
a come-house, sole Manufseturer =lmperial
Rids Mould Candles, which are universally allowed
age& to Wax. deems it necessary to caution the
' - • ake families against the base attempts of porens r i
THIRTY' PER CENT. UN
HOUSE IN DEPINROLAANI. 11/ vr WARP.-
1116.11".
n ...d JACKSON, Hat Munufnetarer. lit 3, Barbican, West Indies; cargo English goods ; 317
shins; rrew French ; sailed Jane last. prise ie Chive :. she was placed under the command of
Monsieur Dupes., of Bordeaux, at the Havaanah; the
inferior officers, namely, Munro. Lake, and Hang:,
Schooner, name unknown, hlninard master°, from
well as the remainder a the crew, are citizens of
I .. as none are genuine hot those Ism his • lifer the City Repository , has mordantly os sale a Guadalotspe; cargo Engli I ..5... goods; 341) slaves; crew .
TWO. •
'se above, or No. MIL Float-. . West euteathe assortment ornery deveriptioe of Hats avid Frees is ; now trading.
The whole transaction is of a piece; it originated is
Oailles. Is. id. per lb.; Palace Wee Lights and Seaver Rootlets ; also a greet variety of Gold colour Sod Brig, name unknown, Blackwood master, Ilavannab;
•freed at that celebrated harbour of slavery,.l:uhe. There, .
seepieoss, at, N. per lb.; Imperial Seated Whet •
Turisans.-Likowise Eis,n Cloth Prussian Caps ef manna. Amencan cargo; 420 slaves ; now trading.
a Frenchman, with an American crew, hoisted the Pier-
emollas. I Is. 6d. -'-r doses t host Store Candles. cloth, only 44.-Leather Hose sad Cape from 01.-Thu Pub- Schooner, DOW' unknown, Mullein master f, from St.
to tar tins, proceeded from thence to the United States,
• doses: 41001:11 s '. fens We. to figs. per cwt.; tic will And a great saving by pentads( as above.-Jai- Thoritas, West Indies; cargo English ; 300 slaves ;to
Rl,lll, at Bristol, under the protection of free Americana,
imp mss. to Mo. pot • et.: Ate Card Soap. Ines. eon' New invented treble covered best superfin Reeve,
; Rinser and Palm Soap, Is. 4d. to es. per lb.; Huts at node lia-they are decidedly the cheapest sad feast sch
Einem es. to is. IL_ per lb.: Fancy goers. Bs. elegant Has one offireed to the public.-The stew improved
_; dealing Was, M. tic to 71- Per th-: lac SPant Patent Water-proof list. Silk and R ,at only ista. ; 'sari;
h. et. per gallon ; Common Oil. 4s. per gallon.-
11.0rders forwarded to all parts of tows, and esswfully
the sentry.
.....- 0 d this hat will weer three times as lose
sow sales from to lila, sail upwards, by alums emery be sold in the British West India Islands • now trading
. E r 6:
miner, name unknown, Junes master (an ng ts
cargo American ; 260 slaves; sow trading.
as thew higuitutu Ditto, name unknown, has made trade at Sheabar for
Mauer;
man)
of
them
call
thewsei,c,
maneschasni._Ths
rallftellolafriesou.
baanrsd
pestirllhermerins there. blares at an aye-
' Trade supplied as wash loaded his venal with those goods which were to pro- •
cure more slaves for the over-grown mass of human
1 nsiblse,ery
hearetdieettbeflat atthteheowkinaerrasnonfalit.he antra are the well-
I known James Dooley, of Baltimore. sad William Baker
Avourr 21.-IVe congratulate our friends on the re- s ' ). P
11 PAINT MANUFACTORY, Art, Quoin-ISn itSs. N. P. Old Hats covered with silk, and made equal to new, turn to this harbour, on the 17th instant, front her first,
lIIAPSIIII. LON DOW.
UPTON O.IIC Cheap 'O, 10s. ed.
, Durable, and fun- -- --- ___ ___.______________. _ - rworld theirl of 'Trinidad (Cuba who rove to the Vera'
lion to liberty by enslaving their fellow -creatures.
cruise. of his Majesty's ship Pheasant, B. M. Kelly. Sttitl"'"ing that readers wield feel some curio/it, to
Esq. Commander, with a prise ; namely, the slave know the degree of consanguinity between Monsieur
linpuis, of Bordeaux, and sometime past of Triadic!,
pentrable PAINTS. FROM 'f L'ESDA"S LONDON GAZETTE. schoo•er Novo Felieidade, of Princess Island, the pro-
and last of Cubs and Bristol, with Monsieur Dupuis of
per cwt. per cwt, --eso.-- party bf Illnstriesinio Signor Don Jose Ferraro Goings,
&wee, whose name will be transmitted to ty for
Wile Orem -
lee.Os Sion Coln, - -40 a Governor of that island. On the lath cause In his Ma-
his activity in br.anding.of his brethrele Aft:Ea:sem Lisilailis-s.
my Gum - . . Nub - . - we. Commission in the Northoseberisod and Newman,' vollateer jesty'sehif Morgiarea, C. B. Strong, Esq. Cosurnauder,
ree, his native place, sander the Ent year 01
Nab" Wow - Iles. White - - - 46,. cavalry. Peregrine George Ellison, gent, to be corset, with a Spauish schooner, having only one slave os
Diet Li • - Stls. Yellow - - . SOL vice Boyd. resigned.
I
lost Itai - - !Ls. 'Slate and Lead Colours NS.. esztern=---.- Flea. IS. board.
As she rircainstances attending the capture of the tration of Monsieur Le Col. &basalts, Chevalier de I.
Legion d'Honenr, and Administrator of Prefixel aid
jaw low le espent Iks .rzitivit Gore,. We regret exceedingly to state, that we kaißt
eme..ipereofibses. 41611 L - -
ibsitovnwridhw lee cyloyeyyreavey dyieelptiew
LaseasterlleshilitilisPiossall. Esq. Sherif of the comity palatine of
Rae Punts are wiry oressantal, sod limy be applied
will greet admirer to all the purposes of useful Painting, ,•for the year easehog.
--.
BANKRUPTS. 1...T.5.
lotto *MOM itoiartt • iyr -Al . t totiorrrotArroOrfroOrKerriirdproporlas;to:::.
the preirsettede or car ng on e r t, w sa.
been able to obtaisi.
The Pheasant fell in with the Novo Felicidade nn the
indite* ett, where a handsome appearance, durability, J. Hohroyd. }Torten, York, calico-mantencturer, o. stir- 30th 'My, its lat. 2. deg. 23 min. .north, long. 9. deg.
,conme nicate to our readers such informetkffi as we hale onlyto judging diefaik-
Id ustanry me essaierations. For perls-patiegs, out- reader Muth LI. sad li, at the dice of Messrs. L. and 50 min. East, she had then on hoard 71 slaves, and $ led believe,thatfrom the
lion of both hie...lmre Dupuis, the one from x
in running all the baserdo of hoisting a foreign lag to
riser slaves for the Spaniards of Cubs, and the Horn
hipisis in branding all the slaves which came to the
euglislierkslussitlPhalor frosts, from and wood ratline- E. N. Alexander, Ilalifax. Attorneys, Mr. Nettleton'. Nor- crew consisting of one master, and ten sailors. The market of (:Otte for all maims*. If they are not nearly
sod they are pet-Mindy adapted,
as they folk-street, Strand, London ; and Messrs. L. sad E. N. schooner measures eleven tom. In his declaration. Cap- a-kin in Mood, they are evidently so in beaeteleare!
resist of weather is as unusual degree. and are • Alenader, Halifax. tain Kelly, wills true feting. of humanity, sta.'s- With pleasure we notice the arrival in oar harbour,
etre for the smoky rot. They also cover • surface J. Winterbottom. 'Manchester, d i rugg sr. March S. 4, and
" I do 'further declare, that the state in which these un- yesterday, of his Majesty', gun-hrig Thistle. Lienteneat
surly tube se rim SS other Paints, and may be *POW 45, at the Star Inn, Manchester. Attorneys, Mr. Heslop,
f found, is shrieking to ever rin-
ortu nate creatures were
with Hole honk, taping only to he thinned with Linseed Manchester ; 'red Messrs Milne end Perry. Temple, London.having thirty-one slaver on koard, and the other one.
nmanity • seventeen men shackled tr. •ether in -
w Prepared OIL J. Steven, Ciierryliintoa. Cambridge, gerditier. Feb. 24. ci!le ?_1..1,1,,_ I____.
....., ........„ L.... ...... „„ ;)„. „,),..,, We understand that the present matter of the brig
