esman

LON DON, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1820.

r, and SYDNEY died on the Seale

only honoured them with their presence during the
solemnities of the day, bat in the handsomest manner
orskdoll a strong party of constahles to attend, whose
emidict, under the wise direction of their Moderator,
together with the good disposition of the public, secur-
ed cdimpletely that decorum which because the in-
ternstkig transactions of the occasion.
Up•ards of PO lientletnen connected with the
Secession, and several of the Magistrates, dined to-
gether n Oman's New Rooms, Waterloo-place, after
the public services were finished, and spent the even-
ing with the greatest cordiality. The company broke
np about S o'clock.—(Ettio6writh Star.)

• ?PORTUGUESE REPOLUTION.
P.steaA'of Oporto, 14rember 1'
61 Notwithstanding that it was given oat y the people
in authority. that official information might soon be ex.
;meted from Lisbon of the accession of the Regency to
the new constitution, none has yet arrived, and we are
to day in a state of anxiety, not to say alarm. The
Conde d'Ansaraute instead of having joined the consti-
tntional party, still holds out in Chaves, where he has a
strong force; and counter proclamations have been is-
sned by him, and posted even in Pennant!. The most
alarmine circumstance of all is the direction now giving
by onr journals to the popular feeling against the Eng-
lish, as von will see by an article in the Gazette of this
place, of the 29th ult., and which purports to he an ex-
tract from the Coronae Mir!, : and a still more violent
article, dictated by a similar spirit, is expected to appear
in the Gazelle of to-morrow morning. Besides the
Conde d'Atuarante, other officers of distinction still
bold out."

Serr. 2.—The letters from Lisbon, which are due this
day, hare not attired.
The following is the article alluded to in the above
letter, as published in the 3d number of the Oporto
paper, entitled Diariu Neviumal, 414ted the 29tla of
August :

Coronets Diary, Ang,. 21.
" Letters from Lisbon, received by the last post, an-
nounce that Marshal Beresforil hail sailed fr Brazil
for England, and that he womb! soon arrive hi Portu-
gal. When that li al heard that Ferdinand VII.
had sworn to the constitution. be embarked for Rio
Janeiro, to communicate to the Brazil government that
intelligence. It appears that the political changes of
Spain had excited fears In the King and his ministers :
the result of all their councils was to cause a suspension
of the remittance of money from Europe to Monte Vi-
deo, to pay the troops under the orders of I insera I Leone,
and the imposition of a third of the declare. It is said
here that Bernford has obtained the title of !hike of
Portugal and the Algarves: and, hesides, that lie is
Generalissimo of Portugal and Brazil, with Treat au-
thority in the regency of Lisbon. An English frigate
was disembarking a million and a ballot' crnsioloes, to
iffistributoantong the troops of the army which colitri-
, butes) re the awns at Victoria. There is a small
portion eh, money which the French seized in Spain,
which the, left in the field of battle, and which belonged
to the Spaniards.
" See how the English caress this Porhignese army
That army, which placed on the head of Lord Wellington
the finest portion of his laurels—which bore such a part
in the deliverance of Spain and in the defeat of the force
of Napoleon—was treated in the epoch of its glory with
such disdain, that, to overeoine its resentment, all the
patriotism which ennobles the brave Portuguese army
was necessary. It was a striking circumstance to see
one of these soldiers rise to the rank of Colonel. The
officers were treated with the greatest disrespects and
Marshal Beresfoni evinced so much jealousy, that he
caused to be needed Gomez Frier &Andreae, a cele-
brated General who had fought under !Ise hauliers of
Napoleon.
" Portugal now is capable of taking rare of her
own interests, of which she is the hest judge. If she
loves liberty, let her take advantage of the favourable
moment. Afterwards it will cost her riven of blood,
especially if the English command the troops at Lisbon.
Tlsey will perhaps come smiler the pretest of defending
the kingdom, hut with, the real design of subjugating
it. The country of the Albuquerque% is ow now a
nation, nor is it eren a colony, since its Primo OM ro
the Brazils; it is little better than the roast of Guinea!
Its money and its men go to another hemisphere. and
to shell ale blood of its brothers, the Spaniard's! In
recompense for these sacrifices, what does European
Portugal reef ire? The destruction of lwr industry and
her commerce, the domination of Iteresford, and the
capture of its ships by the corsairs of Artigas in sight
of the batteries of Lisbon!!!
" Is is therefore a consequence of the most argent
nature that Portugal shan't, establish a representa-
tive government, and should unite itself as an its-
dependent nation with the Spanish confederate. For
this porpoise Portngal ought to demand front her Ding the
IlliBlloll of one of his sons as her sovereign. since lie has
for aver filed his court in the Brazils. Such a demand
is jest, both Ina political and moral point ..f view.
Is Portugal to obey Brazils is weak re:•rrla areelorass:'
Will the Portuguese submit to such an affront ? And
will the country of the Albuireripies and the Castro'
be converted into the abode of slarery ?"

[ritteM Tile 10111110 NACION it., OPO1T.), Ara. 29.)
In the preceding number of our we said that
sonic ill-informed persons feared great disasters to Por-
tugal, because, say they, one relics ra rrut I.•e ',hoard
that ire make saris an estraordiaar.a reyorsa, ia oar pa-
learn! inelifettioac—Who ?----The liberal English ...
The nation in the world which hest knows, by theory
and experience, how much its greatness is the fruit of
its liberty, should take amiss in us an heroic resolu-
tion, a transcendant virtue, which it so highly values
and loves in itself ? Has it opposed the progress of the
emancipation of South America? hits it employed its
ar.ity or navy to trouble our neighbours ? Have we
beanl in the speeches of its Representatives in Parlia-
ment a n•ord of disapprobation, or of alienation front
Spain on account of the restoration of it• fortes? We
have seen nothing of this. We know, on the contrary,
that the enlightened Lord Liverpool answered Lord
Holland, "'That the tiovernment of his Britannic Ma-
jesty will never interfere with the affairs of Spaiu re-
lative to its constitution ; for nati •ns are independent
lof each oilier ; tack is at liberty to adopt the form of
liovernment, and to make the laws must analogous
and suitable to its circumstances, owl that the highest
interest of a civilised power is to be just to all."

:• • 3 .1

PRICE SEVEII PINCE.

When a power bas the good fortuse to haw at the
head of its tioveromeat men like Laid Liverpool.
actuated by such just and Ebertl priaelples, it is lot.
possible that it should interfere without more ream%
than it is pretended the English have to invade us.
Let us make ourselves easy. experience will shortly
prove that we ore lan deceived in our prognosticatioo.
The Supreme Provisional Junta continues to give
undoubted proofs of its wisdom. We may be excused
!nuking any reflections on this head, when we present
to our readers the following decuments •--The first Is
an Order to use Colonel and Commanders of corps of
the troops of the line to include in their recommenda-
tions for military promitimi those Serjeadts whose
character and military conduct merit this honourable
distinction. The second document is a general
pardon to all privates and subalterus who have been
guilty of no other crimes than desertion, on coaditien
of their returning to their Corps within 70 110 Sinn
the date of the Proclamation Angint). Thanks
to heaven that velour sod merit will not find the doers
closed to encouraging rewards ! What matters it that
the soldier was not from the son of a Noblemin if he
has that genuine Nobility which is not intrude:l,
which is not to be bought with gold, bat which 1:4
gained by virtue, by honourable wounds, sod hy
blood shed in the service of the coutttry ? If public
utility is the supreme law, why should the brave sec-
jeant be excluded from the rank of officer, when he
has so often distinguished himself by the side .f his
Chiefs in the field of battle?
The first wants of man are food and raiment. 'I he
soldier who serves his country, must Le clothed sett
fed by the country. If be is in :rant of fo• d, who can
wonder that his courage fails ? And if tho.c who
command let him fall into the opprobrium of beggar
and want, Ivor can they refft•re that the .; retch ac;11-
tomed to ask aims shall resist the tomptatii n of tic-
setting his banners ? Let it not be imagined that we
approve or excuse desertion ; it is a crime -sr
mean to say that in this crime there arc various tte-
greys of guilt, and that the least of ail is when an un-
just Government neglects to pay what it owts to tev
meritorious defenders of their country.
The accounts which we receive from all .parten are
highly satisfactory relative to the v.v.! c;.use of oar

Copy of a Proclamation posted up in the streets ef
Lisbon by the Friends of the Revolution, in toe night
of the 2titb August :
Portuguese !—The happy moment of salvation for 0... r
country is at length arrived : the thick veil of quoit.
with which ninspers have shromled our righ::, is tett
to pieces. Arise 1 the hone is at band wheat our coun-
try is to be saved front !lie ignominious yolie of slavery
and opprohrimn. The thrice-holy banners of liberty a-
ready float in the air, oldie' liberty, the chid of reason •
and of nature, of %%bid. we have been for Fe :racy arcs
deprived by the ferocious power of tyranny and ininntle.
Let us ran to embrace our honoured) brethren a:readv .03
their way to this capital with a powerful army, Tf tr
having sworn to and proclaimed that t onstitut;. u u Iv • b
will ever be the dread of our oppressors. ir.:! net.,w
which our persons and property will henceforwards
I secure.

Let us restore our ancient Corte, and let that pa::,-
ilium of Spanish freedom also be the worthy model :
our i ndepentlenre. Anil where is the Portuguese who sha.l
dare to raise his arm against his country ? NO one,
a;•-
less be be some degenerate man, unworthy of the hetc:e
name, and let out to hire to the enemies of his station.
In short, enough of saffering ; let us put limits to the
Royal authority and that of its .litiisters, by the Attu-.
tion of a icavrell Constitutional (*ode, since by this Cs •
step we *hail IMF sated as well frout the evils of anan Ly
as of slavery null shame. Long lire the hero!e Putt. -
gum. Nation !—Long live oar Religion !—Lung 4.e
our Constitutional Km;

IlrauLlu NII .11 TI:APT iu :11C1IDER.--The
ing-honse 3liss Needham, of Howdah., war Hal:e-
we-0, in the comity of Derby, WAS broken into ahotit
midnight, in Sunday, the Itith instant, by three dar-
ing villains, who entered the lodging rim of seve-
ral of the lat'aes, dragging them from their Ited-t,
with the must horrid imprecations, a td umteonitnutay
large iotives in their hands, wounded, and th:eateninif
them with instant death, if they Uhl not immediateli
deliver tip their money, in which atrocious attempt
they were fartituately defeated, by the intrepid con-
duct of a man setvant, who hearing the cries of the
I idle, ran to tieir assistance, and ivho, thoug:m dretol-
fully wowtded in the conflict, eventually sn,Teedemi in
driving theat from the house. In the hurry of their
retreat, time villains left behind them two hats, a pair
of half h tots, with a hole about the site of a shilling
cut its the tipper leather of one of titan', apparently for
the purpose of easing some woutel, or wci re-metier,
upon the foal, and one of the knives, Ilse blade of
whirls measured nearly twelve inches. As tar as could
be n! s!-reed of their persons, in the confusion of such
a scene, they appeared to be young itteti of about
twenty, two of Corm rather low iu stature, aui the

Miter rather full, and of a dark complexion.
were dressed in light-roluure•i jackets, and one, or
more of then., in truwsers, anti 11:1,1 the appearance of
navigators, or working tuasans.—Fram their Lavine
been traced, by drops of brood, for nearly two Mil. A.
on the turnpike-road towards Chesterfield. it is pre.
stinted that. at least use of them was severely wound•
ed, but whether from the blows:received trona the 111:11l
servant, ur from injury done to his hands in edeetinc
his ese.q.e through a different windos•. to tha► by.
which they had entered, cannot be as.ertaitied. '1 fie
only property taken away was a pair of pot kris. in
which, besides money, were a pair of sitter spectat les
and a silver thimble, tibia will, most prohatrly,
be offered for sale. In one of the fiats was a prince t
paper.• with. the words, " Manufactory. Inge-street,
Birmingham," upon it. Fifty guineas reward ha.;
hee.f advertised fur the apprehension of the rattan.,.
—(beruy Mereery.)

*1 hey
