111 E STAT It'SNI A N

lI,IYot of tall his words or *ewe.; and I think that all
arhica• by raid to nee oboist., at present he kept a arrrot
$n Anaa•ira, unties. his Niko, or his be. reesiry of
Sim, should ja•dae prop*, to rsnino it. This I do
gas. that the foregoing i• Ma htijiisty`a aneatiing, Os
them anderap.oml it, and his own swordtail nearly us

can recoil- ct them.
The King then a.kerl me whether I came last from
crane..? sad upon me enetreritleist the alisrmatise, be
put on an air of fausili•rity, and smiling, or 'other
beithinc. said. 6' there is me opinion among some
rosple that SOS are lint the Sono outward of sit your
country men to the manners of France." I was Ser•
1111.4 111 this, because I thought it en indiscretion,
and a ,latent fr.ret his dignity. 1 wee a little ern.
~,,,,, ert, but timminineil not to deny the tlutis 4.
Sine hli4el, nor lese• him to Infer from it any at-
tartiment to Eriptland„ on the other. I threw it If
sit 'loch gravity es I could. and assumed an sir
taf eve's, . sett a rove of devotion, as far ma was
&cow. awl seid—•• T'st nlinlnn, Sir. fs nin
s•iit APr I must avow to your Wiese,' I have nn
attachowit hot to my own country." The King re•
plied as yoii k as !Itilleleg, " an honest man will
newer M.. soy oth•r."
Th• li,;,rt then •Siel 4 word nr ton to the Secretary
wtorlt hying between them, 1 did not hear,
and th.n Nutt.' rotted and towed tome, as lice..
foamy • i,ll all Kitir• sod P,incre, when they give
the „jinn; in retire. I rpl 'pd. gimping backwards.
es is the etiquette. and wishing my last rererence at
the door of she chamber, 1 went my way ; Iti•
Master of the Ceremonies joined me the moment of
my rowing not of the King" rloret,rntlrecompani•ti
One thr.,vgh all the apartments, down to my car-
slag., I stages of servants. Gentlemen porters,
and under porters, uniting out like thunder, es I
ei•el along. " Mr. Adams's servants, Mr. Adams's
earrisee," &c.
I have been thus minute in these deigns, because
they may be awful to ethers lisitsieritir to know. The
conversation with the Kite, I shoot., nor dare to
withhold from Congress, who will form their owe
judgment of it. I may possibly 'spec( from it a re-
Offence here less painful then I once 'greeted, be-
cause so meshed an attention from the King will
silence many grumblers; bet we can infer nothing
from all this concerning the success of my mission.
Titer. is a train of other ceremonies to go through in
presentations to the gotten, sad visits to sad fmns
Ministers sod Ambassadors, which will take up
Mach time, and interropt ma in sky endravners le ob.
Min ill thst I have et heart, the objects of my in-
erections. Thus it is that the essence of things is
lost in ceremony in every country of Europe; we
must submit to what we cannot alter. Patience Is the
wily remedy.
- With great and sincere esteem, I have the honour
to be. deer Sir, your most obedient And humble
Servant,
JOIIN ADAMS.
his Ere ;!eae• olm Jo. El. Secretary Gt. tam LA'
the DepJt rrereiga Atria.

N.l NClllt TEA MEETING,.
it! is 'lseult I ethic by degrees develop 4 • cont.
restleri ~f voila shi-h ere very appalling when
tau; pt..so.rtievt). The rancorous Wood which
1••••lattt) •t• ••••• ktiorrii in have entertained for
• nowighusioti•g rtopolec•, ris .it likely formed the
gi•t•f ovoid.. *Maiden*. them, oith aerie, disligist,
twin the work of massacre. All our screen's from
Ow place mention this unnatural feeling as •
chief tease, and plainly prove that it was tot.
. tiled with those wretched slaves of wrath. here is
a state for the mollies Lancashire to be thrown
shin I The tradesmen and gentry opining the blood
of OW poor neighhoors oat el spite ; end that, too,
lo the midst of a district, the inhabitants of which
ere known le be most powerfel end resolute when
connected in a body I The immediate effect is jest
what might have been reseed ; the Courier's to.
tours of the " undehaeched loyalty" of these
wretched bontieides already gives way to suspicions
of danger from the reeeetsent of a meltitode so
(fitfully constiteted, so inhumanly outraged. This
Is always the case. Cruelty is cowardly. The maw.
teem was t• do wonders in coring the spirit of se-
dition ; and before the breath is cool in which this
feigning folly was poured oat, detached Meet.
logs of the discontented are aottoonced, sod the
Courier's C fffff pondeets inform their employer,
Ott • feeds) re-action is 'speed ; that some
of them have been seen engaged in military ester.
cites, and some have been beard to say, that they
were taken unawares, bet that the neat time they
would come armed. There is, however, no more
reason for the dread which is now entertained of po.
:War vengeance, than the., was for the vindictive
fury aith which the assault was conducted. The
district is naturally agitated; the People mutt neces-
sarily be deeply stung with resentment ; but they are
not thirsty for blood, like their proud and Insolent
su;letiors; they are not in • harry for retaliation;
they know that the law has yet to operate, and, as
the Tiin:t has well hinted, the gallows having been
it:Tei.!p,l for murder among other crimes, some of
Ittea,ilGS may yet Gaffer in the legal way.
The neighbourhood of Manchester is represented
es being full of busy clusters, who are engaged In
Discourse and controversy 'boot the sleets just past.
There is an appettrence of earnestness and rellezion
among the laboering classes, which the manufacturers
and housekeepers deem dangerous. They forebode
new and varied mischiefs, end their fears are so great
that they bare caused orders to be forwarded for
more regular troops. Tito only coarse by which
this spirit of eatesiness can be allayed, is for the
country to meet is ail its Corporations, and adwdress
—• • --it.auwatranees. if neesnary, to O

11111 004, or
Eseeutive Power, upon the subject, sad for the Go.
vernsent thereupon to disavow its countenance of ilia
'slighter, and lead its whole Whence to the Wit,

conviction, and ponishment of the perpetrators.--
This Is the plan 11%41 Westminster is ■bout to adopt.
TM preliminoty strp• are ',solved on this day at the
Ctea• and Anchor; and we ate pretty Ulf. the
Isturtoan generally will follow lb. 'sample of West•
miitater ia what so materially COMMIS& the reputation

of the whole empire.
•• V trrhester, Wean,'/ay F.:realm. 8 °Tiara.
sl Nothing of particular importance has transpired
sines I wrote you yesterday. A deathlike stillness
pervades this town, which looks more like a place
besieged than the once busy capital of the first mono-
factoring district in the world. Tranquillity has
been re-est•bliahed, bet much I fear not on the
most secure basis. Every body is under fearful
appreheosine that the state of extreme exasperation
into which the populace have been universally
thrown by the melancholy events of Monday, and
which they are continually indicating in a hendred
ominous war, may yet born forth in a manner
too sofa to be contemplated. The Authorities
here do not conceal their ,fears; they feel that
their situation now is even worse than it •a+.--
Orders, I understand, from an authority out which I
can rely, have bete sent off in different directi..ns
for mote regular troops. Vet where these troops
are to be 'pared from I know not, fur according to
every manna which has reached es here, all the
towns resod about as, Stockport, Marcle.field, 0 d.
him, dc.'. are even in a worse stets titan we are.—
In fact, it Is from taihoul that carry one dreads
seat; for, nist•iihstanding the bola of yesterday.
la mutiny ass she part at the country people, fa.
I 'owed as they are sure to be by the mess of the
people of Manchester, is an event which the 010.1 t
reasonable and reflecting allow to be bet too pro-
bable.
" Neither Mr. Hunt nor any of his fellow-pd.
ISlallefe have as yet been brought ap for a second
iexamination ; I understand thst Mr. hunt sent e
strong repre.etnation through the keeper of the O-
NO to ti e Magistrattes to be admitted to give bail ;
bet that no answer, either negatively oraffitusatively,
has yet been made to it. Indeed it is yet to be
known whether the offence which be is charged with
is a bailable one or not. The hi.otiers are all coo-
-1 fined io separate cells, and are not suffered to have
557 coututooitation with each other. The esamia
elution will, I understand, certainly take place te-
lentrfner. . I
a'On enquiring at the Infirmary, I am happy to
Ind that there has not been any fatther addition till
the number of thedead; bat many are still le a eel
dangerous state frets their isciends.
" Thur.] ty aloodor, Ekren seetwelr.
acid this by a Gentleman who is jest
lea wing help by the Mail. I have wothina farther so
add to the shove. All is apparently still quiet ; bat
it is impos•ible to avoid assimilating the condition of
'Mills here to the 'Cot of Nancy, in the early part of
the French Itevolati,

E ut•' STOCKS TOr
Sink '..l.)ek
3 per ce.ti Red. 7/14k
per fen' fm.• 7IIISif
31 per (1e4%. glib
pet Cent. WO

DAY Ar 1111 E alCistacn.
5 per C.ist. •a• tale la IClji
Isdu Hoed. 111 18 pr.
Long Ann 19 3 16i
Earkiripier HO. par 2 Ps.
lliespu, 411 P
Arc.

TH) BTAT6S.VIAN.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 41, 111s9.

M.tscnversit, that ever.te-be.famed spot for pru-
dence and prows., is at this moment in the condi.
lion of a fevered patient, who baying wearied every
limb by the esacerbation of a delirium, lies in a state
of anxious repose, but is without sleep. The motives
for the conduct of the Magistrates and the military
least and will be solemnly enqsired into. We bass
ee yet not beard the Coroner's name eseetioned.,
The ease cannot be ranked antler the head of scar
se civil wes. The cause rif every violent death that
Me taken place enlist to be investigated aod pro.
*minced upon without delay.
The defenders of Magisterial outrage ask,
whether
these impetuous Gentlemen and their equally valorous
Yeomen were to bate waited till mischief was done
before they ordered theettack upon the men, women,
sad children—to which we say, without besitation,yet.
w hots does the country belong? Not to a hand-
fad of rich manufeetering Justices of the Peace, but
to the People et large who inhabit it. If, indeed,
t's assembled multitude bad come srmed with muskets
or bludgeons, the case might have been different. A
eetessporary 'miter, favourable to the views of Re.
form, has suggested the propriety, and even hints at
the necessity of 'meting armed to discuss the nature
of and remedy for our grievances. We are, however,
not easily to be persuaded of ouch a serious rape.
ileney.—Nothing but the cruel orders of a rash
Manchester Magistracy, and a too ready obedience
to legion of Cheshire prestos Chevaliers—so ready
head that one email them ass soliorsed on the
Best pit to—
. The venernas kuiAlet was fuse the saddle area.,
Bit 'lass ske fault of famine, eel bss owo.'•
The Romans never went on any public business, such
as elections, without arm, ; but since the discovery
and adoption of a Representative Government or
Legialatere, we coo happily dispense with that for-
midable preparation fur appointing our governors and
goardiatis. The soft arts however which have now
grown out of the ameliorated means of election. have
mud to acid !bat benefit to t6A loel le thl iroy

of choosing their la w.makers ; end for cop own
honest and frank opinion, we would rather see oar
countrymen fake arms than lake bribes in the elect•
ing of Members of Patlustnent. Baling aloes s had
something of the Spartan in oat disposition, we
would gladly eschattee much of the coortiers' bias-
dishnsents, which woos and wins the populace to
their ruin, for some of that roughness and sternness
which di•tingwished the King of that fierce and war-
like People. Seeing too the slavery which our too-
long persevered-in system has entailed upon Buitsin,
by the immense ma of property it has thrown
into a few proprietors hands, property of a descrip-
tion to give them undue and unjust privileges over
their fellow-mien ; such as one man holding three
Boroughs and sending six Meatbera to Parliament
himself ! while all London sends but fuer ! —We
cannot bet read without some emotion of the means
Larcuscus took to destroy all invidious distinction,
of his country, by making an equal and impartial
division of the lan•t among the members of the
Commonwealth. We shall. pettier, have the
CoLtity park give twigs? on this nrc•sioti, end cry
out lirpublrean Agra. ian Law, kc.! ! Ni.t
mst-
ler—ws shell dselare •gain sod again, that we eon-
slier the li.pub.ocau part of our Constitution Use
best, the sirouge.t, and the limiest part of the
whole. Me have no objection to bleed with it the
principles of the ancient inatitution., the modern
ladvantsges of Monarchy and Aristocracy; hut then
the due proportion of each, •u as to maintain a just
,libraiton of poser, should he observed, that weeny
not be 'linked by a .uletahondsnce of that which is
theoght so good. Hosing then made our confession
and deriseation, that though rumbaed with Cont.
monwealin ptincie les, we would contentedly lies
under a nailed order of Government, tech as
nets ought to by, 1. e. a compcutud of Ile.
narchy, Aristocracy, sod Democracy. or Repub.
licaoism; we may be allowed, Nis hoped, antionted
at, to say, that we admire soups( the Decrees of that I
great Peloposiesian lawgiver wettest spoken of, such
a. his bsoishiag !usury, and encouraging the useful
arts in its stead : and since it has plea.ed Cie hank
■nd the Goveroment to banish the precious metals
float inadverteucy in gluing way to motives cf self.
embitios and 'mite against the Fteoc►, we could
wish to forbid the me of their substitute paper, and al.
low and enforce, as iltnSpattati did, the introdectioo of
heavy brass and iron coin. This proceeding, labia I
in these days an scarcely be comprehended, did,
nevertheless, remise all temptation to the dishonest,
sod left eves, indtritleal without the fears of robbery
and ainleoce : hat it did more than all that, for
it made corn cheap, whereby all the people were 1
amply fed,and in such a may as to femme all invidious
diatinctioas hers eru tie rich and poor. A disarm.
tion which has created most of the revoletious that i
have befallen polished States, end will, if not speedily
attended to, wagon one mote spry shortly.
llow did these " life and property" men abyss the
French for late excesses committed doting their He-
ft:lllation ; sod yet there was not a scene throughout
the *hole tragedy half so revolting to humanity, and
so digtaceful to all law, as the proceedings at Mau.
cheater, moil a portion of the very •• isle and pro-
perty" folks. The French put to death, no doubt,
those whofellunder the lawsof the new order of things,
whether it was the Marquis es ULINCIIELAND for
Otis apeciea of treason against the r►public, or a
sans eutulie for selling assignats lot gold, w Lich was
another, the couvicied sulfated equally : it was a
speedy not a creel death : no charging with cavalry
a seised similitude of men, women, and children :
no allowing a captive or prisoner to be struck by a
constitute er gaoler as has been done in the case of
Mr. Mort: the offeudet's band, could it have been
so cowardly and base, would have bees cut off on
the spot fur the outrage.

An I•tvaest, it seems, has been held at Manches-
ter, by Mr. Altana, the Coroner, on the bodies of
Jolty Asnwontit, CHARLES FIELD, and JOIII AD %Ns,
when the Jury give • 'verdict of Accidental Death!:

We learn, from the temporary seat of Royalty,:
wrFat does sumo bonus, to the place, and to its re. I
sidents, viz. that two sabscriptinns have been pro.
posed among the intorbitssits and visitors of Brighton;
owe for the relief of the humble victims of the late
orients at Manchester ; and the other to enable the
parties aggsieved, to bring the question of right, and
of
damages, before a Jory at Westminster..f has is the
way, and the best vigor, soften down show lapel Pies
which keep the pour from approaching the rich, and
for shading of those painfol distinctions
wealth anti
sessors and the needy and the helpless.
The Editor of the well-condoned Journal of
Brighton, after depinting the %offerings of the thew.
studs of poor poop', congtegated at Manchester, and
especially commiserating with the wounded in the
dreadful alitall of the military, es every humane
man is wont to do, moires, es every peblic
writer and politician ought, what can Mite provoked
the Magistracy to such caresses? Ile searches in
vain for the case, hot sensibly and feelingly con.
chides:—s' The staljert, in every paint of view, is
most afflicting. We sympathise sincerely in the sort
row it will cause his !loyal Highness the I'•IT4CS
RTGENT.—The kingdom is in a most sgitsted state.
Mild, conciliatory pleasures con alone restore it to
&anal:lo.-0f this we are as firmly consiuced as
that the sun is the source of light and heat to this
distracted glotme.' "—lf his Ito %I HIGUNISS
should be affected to the talent ibis loyal writer sop•
poses, the Public will not be long without cape-
rimming a proof of that primal tl,sporition, No
time eget to be lost.
