MR. OWE 4 AND REFORM.

We have before taken notice of this Gentleman of.
feting himself to lise Electors of the Boroughs of
Lana►k. ke. and expressed our satisfaction thereat :
for since one of the great objections among the high
aristocratic Members of our House of Commons is
the admitting Reformers Into the Senate from the fear
of their entering it with too warmth from a sense of
public suffering, and toe fall of resentment for
the long continuance of public wrong.: they can
have no such objection in this ease. If there
be one man more than another (both convinced
of the deep necessity of a prompt amelioration
of oar political condition) calculated to discuss the
'nests, of such relief with temper and judgment, it is
Mr. Owes. Ilia force lies in argument, his per-
suasion in reasoning. While many, front a too ge.
n►rot, a►dour, would apply the caustic, Mr. Owen,'
with a characteristic benevolence, would adopt the
healiNg art. It was accident (a happy chance !)
which threw as into his company ; and with • de.
',station of any thing bordering on Battery, we may
say that we were -
'alien, nor more struck with regret that so much
sense, judgment, and philanthropy, should be ester-
cited only in pri►ate life. Though this great (and
we hope and believe *Tully good) man knows
not that the pen which is now of►ring its poor
tribute to his merits. nay ever inscribe his
saute; yet will it never cease to impress upon the
British Public • sense of :he national loss, if his
talents be not (we will not say merely invited) bet
pet in requisition to serve his country, fast falling into
danger ! !
Mr. Owxx's Advertisement (see the first page) is
at ones novel, striking, and inviting, and is well
calculated to arrest the attention of every thin Lin:
l'Aenno of a disengaged Borough, whether in South
or North Britain (observe, however, that this Gen-
tleman I. neither by disposition nor condition a beg.
gat), and who is desirous of making it espial, some
of the manifold sins of its fellow Borough,.

v.: y

Ito IPILLI4,II WILBERFORCE, Al. P.

ESTEEM/11D FRllloll,—Condeer in a politicise is
Pbenontenel losetord,ised es dilicelt to be met olds
as liberality in • hips,. But notwithstanding I ex.
poet It not of thee, I daily listen to the eelegies of thy
followers, though arknow!edp my opinions before_
dot to their praises of thy honesty. They hold thew
forth as the Champion of Negro Freedom, and
commas thee as the upright Enemy of Ilomaa Traf-
fic. Still the denturel course thee hest adopted
through tby political life, leaves me strong greets&
to suspect thy sincerity in either the one or the
other. That thou hest been at the bead of the
African Society, and that much good bes arisen
therefrom, I readily allow ; that thou halt keen
st the heed of a Society for the encouragement
of Informers, and that much mischief has proesied•ty
therefrom, is as certain ; that thou bast toed* great
elections to emancipate the Blacks, I also echoer.
ledge; that then host given thy political support to
every Minister in thy time to enslave the Whites,
sod indemnify those who trampled upon Justice and
the law of Ike land, cannot be rpsestioned ; that thou
hest the name of Morality and Religion at the top
and bottom of all thy public hareems; that thou
hest for years, with Asiti.ch.ristien snalevelence, op.
posed the emancipatiain of ail =Wiese of they fellow.
subjects from political slavery k equally 'tee; bet
best tbs. not also shown thyself open all occasions
the hypocritical follower of a Minister of Ike Crown
instead of the Minister of thy Maker and whilst
thou afectest a show of benevolence to thy neigh.
boar in public, and miaow in many charitable insii.
Wiens, thou dint privately encoorage the cooling
coore..licles to sound the tocsin of No Popery, and
thereby awaken the worst pas.lons of ;potence and
superstition, and out of pore 1••• In Christionify in.
dame 044 lifelth /0 esterminate the ethos*. If thy
panegyrists con digest this farrago of inconsistent*,
they may be still on the leek eat for the regeseratiog
Say tan.

The Government have so dread of that old beg.
saws, the Pope, still they Ind him useful to keep
alive the prejudices and bigotry of barbaroas times,
to divide and divert the People from that Reform for
which the country cries stood: they find him as a
homer does a NMI of strew to frighten the rooks, or
as they dost thy followers, the Pane:Oast Rooks,
with the recollection of the ices at Smithfield, which
infernal transaction was the actual wosk of the then
Government: es the Sespension of the Habeas Cot.
pas, the Paper and Hanging sjotrions were of the
present, as cell as the Indemnity UM of thee sod
thy rontederater.
Thou seen the Clot/Omen follow the trade
of political sehservienry end amides, lyristy
over their locks, many of whom live at war
with their neighbours, while they neglect their
real duties, and attempt to force the Wilding
of new Churches on their beggared parishioners.
although they not enfregetrotly mumble over their
readings to almost empty broth's; while, at the
same time, the rnarieg &shiers, just emerged
from their stun., forgetting the good matini, NC
staler ultra erryddess," vociferate on the mending of
souls instead of shoes, sod bellow the doctrines of
WHIT,. LLD, W WILEY, 0110101, WAILIT, and
JOANNA SOUTUCOTT. to their deluded disciples;
there they give no chine. but hell end eternal tor.
meats to all whose faith is not competent to cover
all errors; who are not iron is predestioatios, and
dabbed of " Gon's Elect"'

Those are the intolerant. tho Church should dread ;
these the ennl calculating Bediamitea who will sap
the hopes of Church and Seale. and in time reduce it to
that hopeful state in which Comment and the
Praises Involved It—'iis not the old Pore they have
to dread. His power in a neighbouring couotry is
not greater than thine hero over the minds of those
nosoessed with tree British feeling and cosmos seine.
If thou host the spirit, the genuine spirit of anti-
slavery, ark), not being the Circassian Lady before
the Court of King's Bench ? The 1101111111 s free when
she sets her foot en these shores, still she is kept
slave, attended by Eunuchs, and said to be a per.
chase era present for a certain illustrious Emcee.,
as an eastern dainty. Therefore shoeldst Wee seg.
legit giving her immediate freedom, I shall hope 1.1
eouviect the country at large that thy philanthropy
and charity are only delusive lighters to estop the
weak•mindpd and ignorant.
shall watch thy political movemeets, friend Wm.
and I will lay on thee with a heavy hand, but
equitable castigation, should it be necessary.
I ant mill thy Irked.
Csobernell,3osh tub Mrwth.

OBADIAH.

• The Orange Wreckers' Oath beer thas t I a... sr that I
*ill be hole anti failbt•l in Kist( Graeae 111., thel thht I or,ll
as far as I as able exterminate all the (Whelks of !What," Le.

This being a Ileliday (St. Philip and Jaases),there
was no badness done on the Stork-Etching.. It is
impossible to paiot trely the hesitation observed in
the conduct of the speculating Capitalists. The
mode io which they may best employ their money.
will be enfolded to them without longer delay. Th.
Cii.orctt.Los of the Excittousst has, Ms are per-
suaded, felt as much concern, daring the last montb,
spots the subject of public wealth, as ever the miser
*Jimmied at the sight of his private hoard.
The Editor of rite courier, who is eased a church
and Kin mon as a :Miaidcrial•uass, thick. it no
hatchi ip that ■ Catholic cannot be a -ledge, a King's
Counsel, ■ Master in Chancery, a Chairman of a
County, High-51...ri11; Seb•S'seriff, Nlayer, Alderman,
Common Councilman ; nor a Fleetness of any Cor.
p. ration ; nor entitled to soy Collegiate hones,,:
becasis,, forsooth, Lis religion k tolerated, sod healer
rise in tbu Army and Navy. Here is a friend to free-
dons with a •itn.ss

A rit.h rargn of the precious motels is •apeeted
hoe the II h, to Strive at Cadiz in the roars'
of three weeks, unless it is fallen in with by the In-
surgent privateer!, which hiss been on the look-out
for the ahoy., .Intl two or three other ships, hoping
they may be separated from their come).
