THE STA'rESVA..I4

Chapelle, sir that the situation of the' qegmhhic
powers,. "now in a state of doubt and confusion, in
consequence of the disscduticsa of the old ties that
'sinister!, and the loose and imperfect nature of the
new ties mat have teplaceil theM"—a work of almost
as much nicety tO adj ust as fi sing the amount of the mili-
tary establishments which the respective States are to
keep up—shoeld call for the " honourable labours"
of such a Congress at ell. According to the very satis-
factory annonce of the Courier, there is nothing,
and all this to do at the Congress, which Lord CAS.
TLEREAGIt'S wisdom, and the Koo-tou Secretary are
to illumine. There is something very amusing in this
laboured attempt to prove that the peace of Europe is
not to he disturbed by the distant quarrels between
America and the King of Embroideries. In spite of
thedaring and triumphant march of the American
arm. into Florida, in spite of the conduct of the Por-
tuguese on the Brazilian frontier, and all the events
'that may happen in Europe from the rapacity
for territorial aggrandizement so strikingly evinced
by the Members of this approaching Congress, it is
their " expressed will and policy that the peace of
Europe shall not be disturbed." This is just what
we have said and expected. These Continental Con-
gressionalists, and Lord CASTLEREAGII and his Pail
3laitre assistasits, are Mimi to every thing but the
establishment of despotism in the Kingdoms of Eu.
rope. Let them but rivet the bonds of slavery on the
nations of Europe—America and the preseristion of
our best interests, are nothing in comparison with
these nearer and dearer objects. But our 111inisters
will b, awakened from this stupefaction ere long.

the obligation to issue his bulletins only ender your
dictation, without their being first sebmitte,d to the
Emperor, or the original being left.in hands.
Then, however, his disorder wasin its infancy, noel
it has made some considerable progress. Count
Montholon, who lodges in the same part of dte
building as the Emperor, informs me, that on the
18th, and to-day, the %-lth, he. was awakened at two
o'clock in the morning by the Emperor's valet de
chambre, and remained dt that Prince's bed-side
from two o'clock in the morning till five, witnessing
the sufferings he endured, and oiled:), unable to allet,
viate them. Your restrictions upon Longwood of
the 10th April, have thus already had the saddest
effect.
6' I beg, therefore, to repeat my request, that you
would restore Doctor O'Meara to the exercise of
his functions, end discontinue to annoy him, and make
him feel the effects of such ill treatment, by removing
the restrictions you, so contrary to. what have bees
in force for three year!, have imposed upon him by
your letter of the 10th April, to )isehich he neither
will nor can submit, without dishonouring himself.
" In. short, Sir, whatever reasons you may be
able to allege, reflect upon the consequences of con-
tinuing things in their present state, end of dfpriving
he Emperor of,the Physician of his choice, withaut
having substituted another, confOrmable In my letter
of the 13th April. If you still persist in this line of
conduct, this arbitrary act will- be duly appreciated
by Europe, by your own cuentyy, and even by your
Ministers.—l have the honour to be, &e.
64 Count BERTRAND.
" To I.ieul.-Gen. Sir Itu,lton Lowe."

_ . .
AT. NINE :O'CLOCK NF.XT••TUFADAY. MORN.
INO, TWO PRIZES OF X 30,000, TWO PRIZEs
OF ,el.OOO, 1,000 SOVEREIGN`►, &e. WITH GOLD,
CLARET, PORT, SIAOEINA.—ALL MUST HE
DRAWN NEXT TUEsDAY.—LOITEILY FI-
NISHES.

PRICE OF STOCKS THI'
Bank Stork
3 per Cent. Reil. 761 H
5 per Cent.Con.ols 76* 75;
3 per Cent. NI
Consols for Ace. 761 76
I per Cent.

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.:
5 per Cent. Navy 105 M
India Rondo $7 p
Long Aim it) 5-16 i
Elfin-quer Hub lb 19 p
Osmium 21 die.

THE STATESMAN.

LONDON:

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1818.

The following extract of a letter from the Agent
io LLOYD'S, at Barbadoes, dated sth July las►,
states a most outrageous and unjustifiable conduct on
the part of the Spaniards towards a British Captain
and the British nag, which we hope will not go un-
punished. We are glad to see it added, that the British
Admiral on the station has demanded an explanation
from the Spanish Governor :
" By the arrival or a schooner from St. Thomas's,
information has been received of the Spaniards
having taken possession of the brig Eclipse, Wott•
BlINGTON) of this place, which vessel sailed from
this port for St. Domingo a few weeks ago. Cap-
tain WORMINOTON had been taken up to the
city of St. Domingo, thrown into a dungeon,
and loaded with heavy irons, the brig d•smantled.
and the whole of the crew pot in confinement. The
plea for this outrageous insult to the British flag is,
that they found two guns mounted on deck, and six
or eight dismounted in the hold, as ballast, and there-
fore concluded she was an Insurgent privateer: a
Spaniard having come forward and swore, that Cap-
lain W. bad taken his Teasel a few weeks before, and
kept him a prisoner 14 days. The Scamander fri-
gate bas been dispatched by Admiral lIARTEY to de-
mand an explanation from the Spanish Governor."

The Greenland ships, we have satisfaction in ob-
serving, have been very successful this season. ThP
Eliza, Boswell, arrived at Shields, from D
Straits, brings the following account of the success of
the under-mentioned ships, viz:—Lady Jane, of Ned.
castle, 10 fish; Grenville Bay, of ditto, 8 fish ;
Resolution of London, 9 fish ; Dankenfield Hall, of
Hull, 7 fish.

• It seems now generally believed that Lord MEIL-
VILtIt is to succeed the Marquis of HASTINGS as Go•
sernor.General in India, and that there will be se.
venal changes at home to provide for the Duke of
WSW NOTON. Report says, the Earl of MULGRAVE
it to be First Lord of the Admiralty, and the Duke of
Visi.uSeToN Master-General of the Ordnance.

'Our ar►ivals from the Continent since yesterday
consist of French Papers to the 15th, Mails from
Holland, and a series of German Journals. The
French Papers furnish some further brief notices of.
the Ultra Conspirators. Viscount CIIAPEDELAINC,
one of the Royalists engaged in the late plot, has
been relieved from solitary confinement. It was er-
roneously stated, that M. CANUEL was interrogated
on. Wednesday. He has not been a moment out of
prison but to see his wife, whq has arrived from the
country. The meeting took place before the Judge
of Information ; and the General was to be en-
amined by the Judge on Saturday. M. Sconcis, con-
fined on suspicion of being concerned in the recent
conspiracy, has been taken out of solitary confine-
ment, and suffered to communicate with his Counsel.
M. ROMILLY, the fifth person implicated, was to be
interrogated on Foiday last.
The strange care of the Countess de ST. MORT',
and Madame GAUDECIIARD, her daughter, for libel-

ling Cot. BARISIEIt•DVFAY, who killed the Countess's
husband, came on for trial before the Tribunal
of Correctional Police on Thursday. M. MAU.,
cum, the Colonel's Advocate, took a review of his
(Apia's life ; said that the duel, in which he unfor-
tunatply killed M. de ST. MORYS, arose out of M.
Dom hating purchased half his lands while the
former was an emigrant; and justified the mode of
the duel, which was by taking two pistols, one load-
esl, and the other not, and choosing them by lot,
which gave the Count, he said, a great advantage
over his Client, 'Oho was extremely expert at his
weapons, had they fought with swords. lie ridi-
culeJ the idea, that his Client could have ever pro-
posed that they should strap their legs together, end
then fight with pistols as they best could.
The Court found the ladies Guilty, but in
consequence of extenuating circumstances, only sen.
fenced them to pay a fine of 50 francs and all es-
perices, and ordered that the libellous publications
should be suppressed.
Oue of the German Papers (The Nuremberg
Journal) asserts, that no preparations are yet
making by the left wing of the Army of Occupation,
indicating any intention of leaving France; and that
no orders have been issued which could give any
cqlour of probability to the rumours which had been
in circulation ou the subject.

The oracle of the Treasury has undertaken to gel
ail speculation at rest, and to quiet all fears, re-
speeding the rumoured prospect of a new war with
America, and the designs of the European Powers.
N.,ser, according to the Esp.'s of the Government
writer, who, of course, speaks from 46 the most au-
thentic intelligence," was a period so happy and so
little likely to be disturbed by differences between
Governments, as the present. The European Powers
•
are all possessed with the most magnanimous and just
intentions towards their subjects, end the most
friendly and disinterested affections for each other ;
and notwithstanding the late fulminations of the
Government Press against the Americans for putting
to death British subjects, and invading the ter.
ritories of Spain ; notwithstanding the arms and
the power of the Republican Government of the
United States are pursuing a constant and soccesofel
march against the interests of all other rivals, 66 the
diplomatic correspondence between the two Gosern-
ments, is conducted in the most amicable and cor-
dial terms," and therefore, " as far as human fore.,
sight can divine into futurity, we have, from this.
friendly spirit now happily existing on each side arli
the Atlantic, every ground for especting a lasting,
peace." After such a statement, we engirt not es.'
pest to hear that " the differences between Spain ale 4.
Portugal," (iovolving some very knotty points and
important American onsiderstions,) " are to bedio.,
cussed and finally settled at the Cowen of Ail-hr.ll

I

~-•- .

+~
~:.

•

Papers of a late date hare been received from ISTe,w
South %Vale& They state the arrival at Port Ink•
son of a vessel from Otaheite, which brought int,-
resthig inlislligence of two Ettafish Missionaries Rar-
ing visited Olaheite, and converted all the Islanders
to Christianity.
The Board for the investigation of the Claims of.
Britisb Subjects on the Government of France, which
has been established at Paris, since the year 18.14,31.
now transferred to London. The Comtbisiinteis
occupy the house in Parliameot-street, it hiclisas
lately the Transport-office.
Ptirate letters from the Brazils, bearieg date the
The Cotton Spinners' Address to the Public, in- 7th of May, present an unfavoorable and'glounty
eine(' this day, will he found highly interesting; end picture of the state of affairs in some 'portions of
we should rejoice to hear that an accommodation had that kingdom. A Proclamation was issued. on the
taken place between the Masters and the work-peo- 30th of March against Secret Societies, lest, as it was •
ple before any further inconvenience arisies from the presumed, they might be converted into instruments
present deranged mate of affairs in the country. for hatching conspiracies against the Government.
THE QUEEN.—The account of the state of the Bills drawn upon the Treasury by the chief military
QUEEN yesterday was, 66 tier MAJESTY continues'.oommandera bore a discount of sillier cent. though
mach the same."—lfer MatasTv was its • very coin. upwards of four months due; and those not yet de* •
posed and comforable state (luring Sunday. Were at 15 pee cent.• discount. . Aimmis harmed •
Yesterday, at one o'clock, the Duchess of CAM- the Portuguese force at Monte Video, the practice.
BRIDGE, accompanied by her brothers, Prince Wit.- bitty of retaining which place wis a question of
Luau and Prince FREDERICK, went to Kensington much sulicittide. at Court.
palace on a visit to the Duke and Duchess of KENT;_ The new Monetary System of the Neapolitan Go.
we understand it was the Duchess of KENT'S Birth- vernmenz, by which silver is made the sole standard
day• for the valuation of all other commodities,- is said to
Doane, AtiG. 16.—Yesterday evenings at half. have been attended with the best effects. Consider-
past five, the Prince of SARE-CoBRUG. attended by tittle jealousy continues to he entertained in Persia
Baron HARDCSIMOOR. arrived at the York lintel with regard to the views of. Russia, a. feeling in
from London, and in 10 minutes afterwards his HO- which this country is supposed to participate. The
swim embarked in the barge of the Royal Sovereign Persian Geserotnent has offered its aid to the Arabs
yacht, which was waiting in the roads to convey to prevent the island t,f lishsein frosstbeiniocOpied
him to France. The guns at the heights fired a salute, by the istfidels. A Persian forests besieging the ca.
both on 'the arrival and denaroure of the Prince. and ow ~,,n
of Kh„„..
. . , •
en Immense altemblage of persons cheered hint from The Frankf,rt Papers state, that the count and
`t" in* to the het". The yacht returns ru-ruarraw Countess ofsSv Lie, ci•devant King end
,4oeen l't
for their Royal Highnesses the Duke slid Duchess of Holland are et -Legitotn, end Chet a imaciliatwa is
L
Quinines.
. - - " • iiikely striae plastic between 'theta& . • •

•

'

e~

-

-

4.

"

;ESTEK ASSIZE.

The novel situation in which the Gloucester
Jogde sad the followers of that Assize have been'
ttioisit into, bas ocessioned much mirth antlsente
splines inconvenience. To remedy the latter, a weir
commission has passed the Great Seal,and tne business
vim, we are told, be proceeded upon in both Court,.
on the morning of the 319 t inst. provided always,"
It is moin6ly presumed, no such obstacle intervenes
to occasion delay as untortonately caused the late dis-
appointment. The distance between Drlonntouth stud
Gloucester, we are desired to remark, for the iu•
formation of such travelling Judges and Gentlemen
may not be aware of the proper route, is—
Monmouth to Collard 7 miles.
uotford to micheidean
Itlcheldran to Gloucester

97 miles,
perhaps the shortest distance between any two Assize
towns in En,ziand.
Another Correspondent hints at a cause for these
extraordinaries in judicial conduct, which certainly,
if correct, sufficiently accounts for the disappoint.
giants that ensued, and adds some suggestions by
way of prevention, which we hope will he favours.
bly received in the proper quarter. The Corre-
spondent in question, writing under the date of yes-
• trash 'Y s— .
Much has .1-ately been said of the novel situa-
tion the Judge has been thrown in at Gloucester—
it will, I hope, have this effect, that the Judges must
either allow themselves more time, or give up the
idea of dining with great men; had this not been
the case, and their Lordships, instead of dining with
a certain Duke at Monmouth, gone to church, the
•business of that place might have been finished.—
Another Judie on the Western Circuit .ptistpotted
two or•three causes because he was engaged to dine
with a Worthy litronet. They cannot possibly un-
derstand, or, if they do, cannot feel the great unea-
siness and espeuce they, put the Public to by this
conduct: if they must attend the call of great men,
they should allow themselves longer time, as it was,
little more than a day was allowed to do all the busi-
ness at Monmouth: the consequence was, that as it
happened its Devonsnire, so it did there, many causes
were put off. This is a serious evil, and L hope the
Lord Chancellor will give a hint to their Lordships
to take' a little more care of the concerns of the
Public—for no man cam do it -witlrgreater propriety
than Ite)who never neglects 'his duty' for his appetite.
" L a*, Sir,
•• A FRIEND TO THE PEOPLE."

. _
BRIGHTON, Juausr`l7:,

The wheat harvest in this district. is over, and
sash, we believe, is the case in all other parts of the.
county. Of the singular weight and abundance of
the crops this year every farmer agrees in opinion.
It is still understood that the Prince Regent will
again be at the Pavilion very shortly.
The Duchess of Rutland and Lord C. Manners
are frequent visitors here from Worthiug. tier
Grace'echildrett, with those of Sir B. and Lady
Bloomfield, Continues to occupy apartments at the
Pavilion. The Libraries here maintain their ascen-
dancy, as the mustering points of ton.
There was a very fashionable assemblage on the
Downs on Wednesday, to view a donkey race.
This novel amusement was on the occasion of the
birth-day of our august Patron. The first race was
for a-saddle, the second for a bridle, and the third for
a whip—the distance was a mile. The wort was of
a very laughable description, and appeared to dif-
fuse general satisfaction. ' A Rottingdean donkey
appeared op the ground, but he was not allowed
to enter the lists, because be was a foreigner. The
stranger, however, to show his superior breediug,
galloped before the winner of tbe saddle the whole of
the race. • •

, MARGATE, Ave.. 15.

This place was never se. gay, and crowded, as it h
at the present moment. Novelty presides every
where. His /loyal Highness the Duke of Sussex
actually is expected here on board the Victory steam
boat. Speaking of the Victory, a grand fete will be
given on Thursday next by the proprietors of the
Majestic and Thames, on hoard that superb vessel,
when the Master of the Ceremonies, ::apt. Clough,
will preside. From the public spirited conduct of
those Gentlemen, much liberality may be expected.
The vessel will be decorated with the colours of all
nations—emblems of peace and concord.
The weather, on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thnis.
day last, was very stormy ; the wind at east, and
blew a gale; tremenduously high sel,scarce:y a vessel
afloat whirls did not receive damage. None but the
steam-boats dared to venture out ; and thouzli they
have occasiomily• had a screw loose, and been de-
layed in consequence, have weathered the storm to
the astonishment of us all. A sailing vessel broke her
boom, close to the mast, and other accidents more se.
'ions haveloccarred.,. The weather is now moderate.
Garner's and Patijson's Libraries are,. now
• crowded from morn' till night. Cricket matches
en the Downs; and horse racing on the Minster
road. The annual :fair is looked forward to with un-
common eagerness. The Theatre has commenced a
promising seasoat in consequence of the agreeable
change iu the. atmosphere.

.f

Lord and Lady IioLLAND left Holland-honse, yes.
terday, for their new seat, Amphill, Bedfordshire.
Lord COCHRANE has before this time sailed from
Boulogne for his destination (most probably Chili).
Ms Lordship has laid in a large stock of wine, which
was ready to be shipped on board the vessel, as soon
as she appeared off that port. In a foreign country,
Englishmen of every party were prompt to pay him
every attention.—(lllorning Paper.)
THE IMITATION TEA.—An extensive manufacture
of this article has been lately discovered in the neigh-
boarhood of Dublin, from which, it is said, many
grocers of that city were sopplied. The ing►edients
aced appear to have been of a more deleterious
nature than those employed by the London menu-
facturera. They consisted of deadly- night shade,
ivy leaves, ;boughlan bey, alder leases, potatoe
leaves, rtto. &c. cur'ed by a•vitriolic preparation, and
the colour of tea eoitunanicated to them by veld grin
' copperas.
