:131P1t;ISONMSAY BY-IWIC Wait-36 We
LIONS.
- • •
We entreat thetttention of vitt.rtaciers to the
opinions of eot the ablest' pfti'le,l...iitters„
•who has ant icii•ated the ideatscauct 119* at
issue, although • in strongly eujivineed of •
its illegality as to. think that it would ne'rer hap.
pen. 110 says, 46 If it •be tie-pooled' in rase a
subject• be• committed by either Itisise for a mat..
ter manifestly ont'of ,their ,jurisdiction,' ee het re.
medy can he have ? answer, that is cannot will
be imagined that the law, is hOstfivrOursTriothing
more than ibo:liberty of the sot ject, stawild give _
us a• remedy againev•.commilments by the King
himself, appealing to beiht g 4, anti yet give us
n:,manner, of redress against a cirtinit unlit by our
fellow subjects, equally appearing to- be unwar-
ranted, lint, as this is aea a Which I Ito, ver..
suaded Will never happen, 'it kerns steeliest over
nicely to exainiti&it."--ilazukites,4.. 110.
The case, which in. thef.upietion of this able
Lawyer would never happen, has. homes,, unit
unfortunately happened; And it became,' the du y
of every man who is teaily to die in defence of his
Country and Coni,titurion to examine tt, not over
nicely, but with plain sense, and isideal.ic whether
the law of the land is le be swallowed up by the
law of Parliament t'

We again uk;if the Como:oils really possess
the right of imprisonment, as They have recrulty
claimed it, how comes it that they are ite..ittnte of
legal and adequate power to eefereC the .44,11
The Speaker, the Sarjeant at Arms, the Sect apary
of State, the Privy Council, the Police Magis.
trades, were all puzzled, bewilfered, and con.
founded, buth as to the means' end .results. This
point cannot be more ably illustrated than by
guying a few passages of the 44th 'letter of Ju-
nius, .writien the 2t2d of April, 1771,•and apply.
ing Et the commitineolof thus, Cathay
Ir; .howev'er, it could .be proved, froin con.
siderations of necessity or convenience, that an
unlimited 'power of commitment ought to he en.
trusted to the Haase of CiaMinons, and. that, in'
fact, they have Xercised it without. opposition,
s ill, in contemplatten of law, the presemption is
strongly against them. It is a leading maxim of the
laws of Eogi4o(i( and wii Foot it all laws are nog*. s
tory), that theft: ts.roi right wists.ot alesiody, nor
any legal rower witbuul A kga I ionCee catry
to effect. Jet the power now in question be tried by
this rule. The Speaker issues his a arrant of attar's.
uncut. The party atioclied either resists foree with
force, or appeals to a Magistia:i , who declares the
warrant illegal, and di,eharges toe prisoner. Does
the law provide no legal means for enforcing a legal
warrant ? 1;' there no regular proceeding planted
out in our law books, to user and !indicate the
authority of so high a Court as the Holm. of
Commons ? The question is ausweral ilirec,ly hy
the fact ; their unlawful commands are iesi
and they have no remedy. The i .;i:poisiniiiient of
their own Members is revenge inilee.l, but 1• no
assertion of the privilege they c intend Cm. 'reit
.
whole proceed* stops ; and there stand,
ashamed to retreat, and "oritaftelii-atraltiatt"'
these ignorant inen should be informed; sisal the eau.
'entiou of this laws of England is, not te(t in Oda up.
certain difencelesfeunditiou. if the pro. ess of •
the Courts of Westininster Hall be Testaii.d, t .ey
base a direct course to enforce submisi.in. T.,.
Court of King's Bench co.nmands the Sheriff to .1
raise the Posse camitaluP ; the Courts of Chan.
cerlitid.-Votclaetrier i.sne a writ of t cbcltion ;
which Must also be supported, ;if ne,e'ssar), by
the power of the country. To %%hien will our
honest, itekesentatives direct their es sit of re.
hellion? Theguardat,l doubt not, are willing
enough to..be emptoyedi but they know noth:fig
Of the deiditite of anti, and May think it (ie. es_
'sexy to.litait'for a letter from Lord PA Rai ‘GTUN."

• -
ThelC b crality, of the clergy at Ipswich and at
Bury dues them high honour ;—they are not ad..
voratealor keeping the pour in ignorance, but
friends to the universal diffusion of general know..
ledge,.. old therefore friends to their ry, and
rank among these who merit its gratiltu•te ; anti
the poor pfjutory. geßerations shall rastropp to.
cherish their .meipte:y.at4licall, them blessed. A.
most atiimatistg ?vette took place in ..tht God.lhalt,
.40try.t-'rtohkekriAtuit .kat,olll.As C Lassashis4 Esq..
itk.PO:relitilutieo4.ficr the
eetstgisispirtqf Schaukilp the ltoy .14 Loineas.
ql4l, pips, jt istirded il‘urespes.table inhabitants
f kia; • '''
p ere power of description
to see Tthis tatty British phil4nthrnpist. After
sp.ending,lxis l c:with the &Wit 'of an How s n,
iu prOinotimutlie ,smelkuratien and abolition of
slavery iqu. hotly& coming fur ward in the
•facis.. of, kis, tirntry,to set his hand
.and seal
..to the propmatiqt!....9l'• a system., 4:4"
Fa,lcpifitstl to emancipate the wind from
that ignorance anti ss which has always
been-productive of -SLAVERY to VICE -a 9-1 !II
•uf salvation, which has enti..areil su nosey thou..
sae& of the present, and is likely to endear tots
of thousands onset% (stare gen ratioug, 11l the
Monarch and his Family whodogit to be its trtetids
and patroes. ,
• A. uselanch•tly aceident happened me Alotoday,
at Temple, tho.vonthrf Owen Williams, • Esq.
Two Gentlemen ontr.two Ladies ventured, lor
their amusement, into a boat wion the mai-Stream's
at a short distance from the %ices. They•were at
first so imensibly drawn towards the
they did not perceive their danger. As they ap.
prom:heti thou,/ the force of the eorront
their efforts to direct tire boat, and they we o
carried upon them. One of the Gentlemen ,itap d
out 'on the batik with the chain in his hand, and en.,
deatoutett to pull the boat' from the opening of rho
sluice, bait the torrent was irresistible, and his
strength availed nothing : the boat filled, instan.
• taneously sunk, and was dashed to pieces. • In
few seconds two of the party appeared at some
distance struggling in the stream, which soon thr,•er
them on a shoal in the middle of the river.• The
third, a young Lady, sistcr of Mrs. Williams,
rose no more. The Lady and Gentleman sn pro.
videntialfy saved have nut sustaiti4any material
injury, except in their full share of that deep
tivn which °yetis helms the whole family.

..

' ';ot
