' K .. -

•~,

• " Yes. Gentlemen, the Corn Bill, the abominable
Corn Bill, in spiteof all year Petitions and remou•
atrapces, was passed ender the, protection of the
Standing Army by your disobedient Representatives.
ee taey •w ill affect to cal) thomselveS, with a view to
favour one class of men 'at the espence of nine-tenths
pf the. noting, and its ultimate object was to bolster
op the paper money and accumulated taxation.
"Our Clergy tench us to pray for '-cheapness and
plenty,' and yet here Will en Act passed, as if in de-
fiance of the bounty and intention of the Creator, to
raise artificially the price of the first necessary of
jire, and thus mtike every thing dear and scarce.—
Mark too the result; so far was the agricultural in-
terest from reaping 5y advantage .at. that period
from this tax-bolstering, end tax-encouraging mea-
sure, that the wholaespected benefit was rendered
null by the withdrawing ed million, of caper money
from the circulation. Away went tk,agriculturists
to crowd the jails, and fill the pockets already over-
loaded of the Commissioners of Bankrupts.
" FELLOW CITIZENS !—The glory of triumph now
awaits you; obey the generous impulse; let that same
spirit which animated your free,born ancestors to
oppose the tyranny of the Normans,attimate you too
to-oppose a much worse, because a more subtle
• tyranny, the tyranny of arbitrary taxation, imposed
upon a spirited and free People, by a corrupt, a des.
perste, and a plundering Borough Oligarchy. But
to proportion to the glorious result of victory, so is
the arduousness of the contest : the foe; of the Con-
stitutional Rights of the People are maddened al-
most to desperation; it is no longer a struggle be-
tween the in and the out faction.; Jt is ',struggler of
freedom against slavery, intellect against barbarism,
of property against plunder. Show yoirselves wor-
thy of this greet, this glorious, this ultimate effort;
she conflict is at hand; the signal is raised • the
triumphof the -Elosti Constitution is reserved for
you by the voice efty,tiir Country.
66 As to- myself, 4 desire only the suffrages of
Free Nen, in the apse of Civil and Religious Li-
' betty. In that cause have I. lived; in that cause
have I acted; in that tease will I die.—Your Friend,
and the- Friend of the genuine unadulterated English
Constitution,
"Cleve, Jane, 1818. "THOMAS NORTHMORE."

•

Mx. 11C,Vrq PROGRESS.

"" 7

Yesterday, soon after twelve o'clock, Mr. Hunt
set otT from hia,lodgings, Norfolk-street, Strand, ac•
coppanied by some lads in hits carriage, according to
promise. About ten minutes after twelve. Sir Mur-
ray fkilaxwell's brother walked from the Hungerford
Coffee.house to Whitehall, and, being by the popu-
lace mistaken for the Captain, he was hustled and
booted with exclamations of "No Captain !" He
was obliged to withdraw before Mr. Hunt arrived
et Charing cross, where a person sat on the coach-
bow, bearing the flaming flag of the day before. On
Mr. Hunt's arrival at Charing-cross, he halted and
addressed about a hundred persons, who had previ-
ously assembled awaiting his arrival. He declaimed
in favoor of Universal Suffrage and the Rights of the
People, accused Sir F. Burdett of having deserted his
principles with respect to Parliamentary Reform to-
- its full extent, and his Committee for having divided
the Friends of Reform, hut he (Mr. Hunt, promised
never to abate his exertions in favour of the People,
and declared, if be were returned for Westminster,
not a single men among them should be without a'
rote !—(Bravo! and Cheers.)—lle was followed by
a new Candidate, from among the People, for public
fame. Who declared himself equally zealous in the
glorious cause in which his great Prototype had so
ardently and actively engaged !—About one o'clock
Mr. Hunt moved on through the Haymarket and
op Wardour•street, bowing to the spectators and
occasionally addressing the passengers. He next
. stopped in Oxford-street, at the end of Dean-street,
where he made a speech to a numerous assemblage of
people, similar to that which he delivered at Char-
ing•cross, and was again gratified with,lood cheers
and vehement applause. Having concluded his ha.-
rattgue, he proceeded to the end of Oxford-street,
and again halted in the congenial neighbourhood
of St. Giles's, where he was hailed by a multitude
of persons, end he, in return, gratified them with
another speech. After taking his leave he went
through Drury-lane to St. Clement's parish, and ad.
dressed a number of persons assembled near the
.. Church, and then repaired to his lodging.

Six vessels have recently been charteredby Govern-
ment for the transportation of convicts to Botany Bay.
Two of the ships are now lying at Woolwich, at
which place the convicts are so numerous, that quffi-
tient room cannot be provided for them ; sod 80 have
in consequence been ordered back to Deptford.
Flug.—On Sunday night, the lower pert of the
house of ,Mr. P. Crouch, bookseller, Bridge-road,
Lambeth, was discovered by the watchmen to be on
_fire. As alarm was given,- and the family narrowly
miceped suffocation, by getting out through the win-
dow of an upper story. The-firemen were prompt In
their attendance, and the flames were speedil=y main.
geished ; but not in time to prevent considerable in-
jury to Mr. Crouch's property. The conflagration
was occasioned by the servant placing a lighted can-
dle, near some Venetian blinds, to which the flame
communicated.

The honeeri delicacy, and inviolable secrecy I
sleeted with this Medical, Board for the cure of pre—
vailing diaeasts, are manifested from the public con-
fidence it has acquired. Since the Medical Board has
been established at Charlotte:house, Great Charlotte..
street, Vikfriars•-rOad, and Woadstocit:street, Oa-
tord-styget; upwards of Thirty Thousand Patients of
both seises have been restored to perfect health, many
Of whcoM had lingered for years under the most painful
Sod obstinate diseases, were pronounced incurable
by respectable practitioners, and several discharged
from Heapitals. Such are the effects resulting from
combined talentsfi—Mesrrs. Cootito and Co. otl
Medical and Surgical celebrity, after forty years 'eau
perience io thislffetropoils, are consulted daily at
both hoosei until tihre at night, and the pbor have
advice, vide, .on Toesday, atittSunday
Mornings until tlvelve o'clock. Patients at a dis-
tance, describing their case, immediately attended to.
All letters tobe directed to Charlotte-hoose, Black-
tletrtontragt answered which do trot coo-
lain a consulting fee.
