gTATtSNIAN

s soon

rilesers. Baring, Bothmalt, and Melding, a,
'expected Teo of the Arm of "Rhtbsckfild
There are here already no fewer than pro.*
oaats—Madame Reichard, the wife of a PrOfteir
Dresden ; and Mademoiselle Garnerin to celebrated
for her ascents iu France. The former Lady. as being
a German, will have the preference, and make the
first experiment. Besides several other singular
characters expected here 'during Congress, may
mention Mademoiselle La Normand. who excited
such a noise at Paris in 1315 and 16, by her tattoos.
telling powers.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK,
Hank Stark 5 per Cent. Navy 101 i
%per Cent. Red.
India fiends 75 p
. • _

•
3 pet Cent.Conbots 74/ 75
$; per Gm/.
Lonsnl. for Acc. 75iii
4 per Cent.

)I:fing Ann.
Exchequer Rills 15 17 p
.()ainiuns 4 dig.

-;-•njoy .0w
ske e,* ot) them _depends teo-else;,4iitt shl ski
to4Oelleitittikialilords it glttiAlsitesallir Phivers,
*I &totes the assist a rbi tutu lesinytio reies, of
their decisions,. It is generally inderstotiti 'tint the
Allied troops are to be withdrawn from France, and
that the experiment will agein be tried of trusting the
tranquillity of that, station to the operation of the
King's Chatter and: the present Government. Tbo.
latter may be effective enough for:the purpose
gaited; bat it is by no means of the 'character which.
the foreign Despots of the Congress wished to see
'established in France. They have found, however,
that no Government more.in unison with their ideas
`and designs can subsist in Frence,and Louts/WM.
has proved by his conduct that he considers
his personal safety and the interests of his House
depend on his sanctioning and identifying hinl.
'self with the liberal system of the Government.—
We have great reason to believe that France-will yet
teach the Legitimates of Europe that • nation deter-
Mined to be free, will not suffer any race of men, how.
ever antiquated, to be forced upon it as Sovereigns.—
Knowledge is too widely diffused in France, to per-
mit a return of that fawning slavery which once
marked the subjects -of the Grand Monarque.—
They have caught the spirit of liberty, and though
their impetuous passions unfit them for the serious
deliberation and judicious movements which distin-
guish the sober English character, they know enough
of iti value, :and of 'their equal right with the rest of
the human race, to enjoy its valuable blessings.
We find by the Paris Papers that have reached us
to MoOday last, and the- Brissels Journals, that
many of the Officers of the old army are appointed,
to the new levies, and that the Government is Mo.
thing a conciliatory. policy, calculated to add to its
strength, and re-animate the hopes of the nation.

•
•
Yesterday morning the Doke of You transacted
military business With the Putecu Rectum at Carl-
too-house. * '
hall Wag audience or the PRINCE
REGRIVT. •• -
Yesterday. t6E GAM Doke MICHAEL was intro!
.duced tattle Passive RuppiT, upon his return to the
British *Metropotis. • • • •
The.Neapplitnts Mrntstet had au- audience of the
PRINCE REGENT yesterday. • . , .• ' •
Marshil MACOoneitsvit.li.eild. Will receive the'
hand. of Madame IldoeitotOt. ,widow of blanket
MOREAU. .• ••••
Some Change' bAyi teiroe place iii . the Ottoman
Admioistratioe., .SOitiAi.ETVISDI,. who has been
restored to favour., is:untrested with„the dopartment
of the Maßne,:ili..siasolonte time back, the Reiss.
Effendi; err MisdiOes for Pnceigri Affairs.
The King 090,.Qeettelif—WiRTEKtielita will, it IS
be-st46lO:le.:Chapelle
stinting the Congress,
under thiitttiOeltlta C.stant and Countess of Ho-
ns./Aliso.: •.;z•
Accounts from Basle of •the 14th Instant, In the
French Papers, Prince LEOrous of Saxe-
Coburg appears to be much pleased with the fine
domain of Brunnadera, neat Berne, which has been
highly embellished by the Grand Duchess CONSTAN-
TIN'. his Royil Highness observes the strictest in-
cognito; but the Chiefs of the. Bernese Government,
notwithstanding, endeavour to render his stay in
their neighbourhood as agreeable as possible."
A series of Barbados.. Papers to the 25th of July
have arrived. They contain a direct communication
from the Spanish Royalist General, Don PABLO.Mo•
RILLO, to fiord CoMBERMERE, the Governor of Bat-
badoes, in which &loom:co lays claim to some im-
portant victories over Generals I.lrmtvAn and PAEZ,
commanding the Independent troops in ii!nesuels.
'MORILLG notices the waned.. which the previous, lac",
counts from the Indipeurliots ,had. represented se
mortal, but of, which it appears ~had
Is now quite re-
covered. Mi. enneited.disPeich, dated the 25th of
May% sighed thst .PAEz had been
oiptariett-hay the lteriiiits, and that ".the netts .of
deatcln CoiSaestoeit.te of the wounds he
••• •
:111000
'keet

sad

:dote of
Dirett4

in.,

kine

••••• s •
.)344,1ig
falter a
heavier lamentation geffii, tit .ate infant
of the Dectsestritliittukt,"o4ii. ehlevy jweenili a de-
relict reitilired--.("„fieli,.iitiiii-ande poftr:ll,:c., le
pretty -well fiar not four months old)--Informs we,
that had helieid, be was to have been created Duke
of BOVILDEAU4A.ISia reward to that'towo for its ide-
, lity to the House of -Boatman.
:CATttor.ic Prrmotr.--,•The CathOlics are about
to assemble in their. 'rakes MOW*, and to prepare
their Petitions for emancipation. The Catholics of
Nenegh have shown tbe example of moving.
Sir THOMAS LAWRENCE.—This artist, by order of
ate PRINCE REGENT, is gone to Aia-la-Chapelle, for
the purpose of painting all the heroes of Waterloo
who may 'be present at the ensuing Congress. A
room is to be alloited in Cerlton-house for the re-
ception of these portraits, which is to be called the
Waterloo Room.
The Grand Jury, at the late Clerkeeirell Sessions,
found a true bill of indictment against Lieutenant
Nightingale, for the misdemeanour and assault, in
committing the outrage on Mr. Dennison's family
and friends, related in the SurismAN of the 22d ult.

•
. .
Genera iiession of the Peace, holden in
owes ling' Part of Dover, on Toesday,
91,41(Sgplember inst., Samuel illendham,
io4l4,:eiecchant, was indicted for having
.4.01 f iqthe'Collectots appointed by the Mar.
.I*.dtedAsiliorir Company, when in the eye
t-Of;lttelke, gad was found guilty and see-
isl •
orp.—Yesterday morning, at nine o'clock,
, figetei* and James Watson underwent the
isbieriot "of being flogged, pursuant te'the sea•
vtissisd: upon them for robbing .the orchard at
Dalsrich.• T bey were whipped
'lance of WO yards, mastered from the door
lades's house. About I,OOQ persons anew
fitness thetransaction. • Otennon, Hall, and
-,lficers from *Union-lad] attended, to proms
goad order. - •
Workmen are now. actively employed painting and
repairing. the Courts in Weittnitiver Hall, and else
the noun of Commons. To facilitate the insets
and egress to and from the gallery of the latter, a
new flight of stairs is erected parallel to the old one,
and &yew door opened into the back of the gallery,
krthe middle, between the two old doors, at the
suet's. • .
• Duct. PRIMINTED Information having been re•
ceived that a duel was to have taken place yesterday,
on Wormwood Scrubs, between two Gentlemen oa
the. Staff, "IT. M—N—G and Mr. G—G--N, they
had scarcely arrivel at the vat w hert two ronctiblea
appeared rather too hastily. As no breachser the
I peace had been committed; and as there was no one
preent to identify the parties, nor any appearance of
fire-arms, they departed without being interfered
with.
Tuesday night, after the family had retired to rest,
some villains attempted to rob the house of Caploia
Lindon, in Great Coram-street, having broke ioto
the front kitchen; but the family being disturbed by
the barking of the house-dog, which was loose in the
kitchen, the villains made a precipitate retreat, with-
out effecting their purpose.

""'" 7". • --77% • P, • _ i. • : .
ie the irctionlik.4l4o4 tltti,t;oiostel !.ores, kw, Chtelcat
tat; bi relied opotiP citiiotOiteeeteiy botip:res.froe chaster;"
ils otoryrteifert.:Crittitei..
,„; .!,, . ip,l3q44g,thrw,aisi 111446 ti
C
iv,' arid welt. , 4064 4 A:. .;;
.3: - • tairOillit $014.,. 4
sts of ails ditiretelis log .
lirector ;of" .--s"`"*l6.4*l f-kttaiit ; #fittieri
ipacity wi..44fuo nemovg • 1.41, : irecf.",bi
in the-00mi° 49.1.0 e;411'.;1:::,0,4 74-1 Zite, •
eption or ofilpflotiot 477 .1!0;0;.,1
fittiiiyaisp; ;also litia**l)ll
iffittir or 10intetifIlit4. 1 '0 Of the Samuel fill
rotkolibisit:iiiillti •" t% AnttalPi'lleiat P.Oblei.o
Olitbee of • loritil" " deoikel. :rent. vie%
riian iiir,o t0140.49t. • At 111rie mgrs. lobo Htliers
aikti .froafbiciO4tait by, .V**41.44/#4.1 vets-Mew
la. Asisot 41'W
yii besi At!ir. 01a
Salk Patti (0011.114 .014*-ASOk4l.lloacti-ssltti bled to wit
taig ' ,!"I!_eir.A-co4ll.kOtii 1 other office
*POO k4i ,;Niedirtinikohiltitj,:fiti. good order
• !2'7' ••-l• I Wog
• • • . • .
• • • - ,r_ng if -.4,11i
