49n.

LONDON,

1.!-L, •

ituGustir, 1810.

:

. •

•
Thi% Day wa4 noblished, iirjee 64.
SIR FRANCIS BURDETT'S SPEECII at the
31 NIT 7.trt bitendOCCA I.o!;ll.'cttiVglig 012 biejCial
STITUENIB after his WEER ?lON from the TOWER.
Printed by Order of the Stewardi.
Publi‘hed by J. Barker, No. 19,'Orent Russell •street, Co-
Tent-Garden; and sok!' by:the ttonksellers in gevrat.

0 RE. M KRIM°. SH EEP, of the thee !'AU.
...I.AR FLOCK, formerly the proprrty of DONlitA;
GODOY, Prjoce of Peace, and arc actuallB' part
Ant Flock ; reseuied Isy the %wean Regency of Spats So
Colonel [Moue, of which FIFTY. alga /I4Mil, and ONI;H
'HUNDRED LWES, • •.•‘• • •
TO, SE, SDLD BT ,AVCTION.
• Ity DANIEL
SMITH
At Mr. Kemp's, -PiestOwtsinonir-thui: Aigt4 IslinglOn, in
the Cnuoy of kfittrileoet, •
On VRIVAT, August 94, IVO, Itt Ten o'Clock.
The Spanish klifflri* wql obfrAthiellttw,e,T,4,l44yAe;
._qgslgitS4llNlighti..kod at :11ft„ isugolni
ttakrir ireestryeeesttifty ; the •Itas,-ItAlrittiold ; or Mr.
rteiih. Wholbstretai as Nos 114 Ne* &wad-meet, City of

PRISONERg OP'.

. .
. • ,
The following account of the yuffertifge to which
a certain class' et' the •Britioth prismieri in "Franee
. •••
'lre espial*, is Oven hy aWantleowia. whothad been 1
.punfinej•in the Fortress .118itche :-•,-
Tile. Coline of Bitcbe, a strong. and incitost:
fortress„ built upon Ivrea-it, lathe ctlotro of a see.
rile country, is intended: as a treteptacle -for such
as have laftempted to desefyrwhw are' sdapiclous in
the eye of Gof eminent,- wr wlti'have incurred the
ditiploildre cif the atjeritatr Other :olf the depotto
whiCill'hetreldiik. •- ' ' ' •
~ „ •
1.,' 0.0 iaArittentgs.erftea! 4t.lllefehe, he is pl unged
eighteen lours, oat, of the twer.ity-feur, into sub-
terrancous yaultt; twenty:fife feet beniitil the sur.
facet), the eartio,„whesetios.stui never shines, and
where the light petactrates but feebly through exec_
tatiois hewn out of the 'Welt; the extreme 'huthi.
dity •of the iliuterriiiisi" a the Mir argi'' lie' lilts !th
combat With,:•sindittotagh hi the narrow allowance
f tite ' • I ' r • boccie 11
''
pare (ifitsairu.nerivo,arihttihireete 17u4natiteivdire olfheeitter dresccuripid.
i
din were Cosst%nde,tl pros
Uliscuously together), it
. . t.e•,
were carried Iris hot before numbers were carried off -by, putrid
endii‘flatiimatOry fetter., or had 'total ly loit •the' use'
ill their limb! or!eye.geht, -that, by continued reta;
and.. repeahally plaetering wad white:Washing ilib
'p
ores: ?j• the, rock,. through which the saltpetre
*need i,;,every direction, plat these extensive CIO-
. ''Ettiength were but indifferently aired."
.L• firtifiriter of the account then proceeds to a
warm enconsium'on the ' humattify of Lick.' Col.'
ttEMEMT, the first 'Commatilltut of.Bitehe, who did
every.thin4 in Aialpoesat:toieliesieta.the horrors• of
inis,dreatlfel prisun. . IJufgetneatetly for those who
'were' confined id 'it, he vitas.. sent to Spain, acid his
biien etteeeeded by a monster, i !tile cruelty can only
be exceeded by his *tided -and eviiiiiiiitt.]
fine.narratfiegoes •on:1,• .4.,;!1',1-....., .- • -, • - •
.- 4.4..P.cehaps the, pnglialrteleeteer,of war,. dara,•n*
wigstain.a.severer hardshipovnere cruel humiliation
ft.tiOn' ttalt of being coodeettia, imMediatety, after. his,
iniirendtlainn,.ofterithnesi.treiliiici Of•t\gin or three
.fidtitlied leageett;t4lheldePBt he Ito desaltit'll fur • un.-
acturainteti with-tint latigiiiio.4oesi -0116tafliCa ale:
country.,, he is.letainnviet*ed. Anzgl. haotl..c.ogril, ,
under a stredg.esenek..of rhe:Xfaitteaen alloVrtne.`rielv
freeuentlyboond, to theyotteLe_legitleiptstkelitt4ers)
With Whom 'readbertiiiiiiita;pditbiliaNt eßithi
•disperateiriaiefacfori: 9:•!!!!!'44_.;:t:'...71y'."142.'"''''''47--T•lr
r' ."..Lieut. Goexttstg4lsll*•• W10441506&.4414.1"60tt
was chained body to budf.Atith:atr.spasee,w)attnatiert
senteucu.of deathy.:.ftal,t; vilie to •!.Y.ttitli•!? 4i,!l'
•
ialta litcalferhiiiiilrea Icaatti:i ; aid ih nog h Ca titans
I:ll4.ithitiViiirift ad' hrtio*c';ri :reii tag;ilr4ned,
(hey w ire --Mike ftliiiiiiit light •-'isitigag a sea devil( cont.
ei'vrY oidllf•-•;;‘011Chi beis7thiAratraMgaiirt off 04fipeta*.
r„ of )lia ,cansidevat)an,,, ',Wilma% any intpageal .0 Vence,i,
what
.m,ttat oet,tl.e ginfctipg!ly .uf.,1h9,54n40 , are
taken, ,fiturrfnic
.delie(so.,,,• in' 06. vecy. acts • I;r•at,
•t;etnfitlitg ti'etititte'frotto fri•oll4-• I shed " not itt..;.'
tehipt . ta' cleitebifie' fisehicziiitglor ivy .taAicei is' td
state /acts,- lei nII d'i hel egedediedy it t 4 t king. t I te.se ve-f
.ritira eaercised
.toivards..kt-Jperchaotroten, captains:-
' Who, driven to deepaie.holle; horrors of. a scveito
via& duteption, 496E4 prespeet of itideAnife capti.
viiy, had .0611 hider Verdun 14 Itsj oia their fetid lies afidi,
native laad;,,iiitfilviliitita" thanyseiveof r, thecareer
of honourable industry, litripped..bf all. their, levee//.
plugged into everyeachot-oes..ihe egoati,"expt,sed to
the worst •of miegeofrom the nstistleroeitms:ef.lo4l,
on their arrival et, Netz„ tirsr thirty leagaei„from ,
ilitche, thumb-screwed and hand-euifed, they were
each bound with an additional chant of uncommon
'weight and thickobss, strongly rivetted round • their
necks: thus, for several -*AN ant clays they Were
unable •to snore, hot togethee ;-: oor mould they. per-
form any of thepecessery. fuatclions.el lifel,with.outt
the most. galling and shameful
,iticginveni:;oce. They
were conveyed floret the different viiratos and towns,
shmetimes•the object, .00,niticicery;• bUt Oftener of
pity, to a sympathizing, Tope late. On.tAltr:arti.:
vai at Bitcha,. thaVackaraith,. not vvithouctlittbulty,
i filed their.chains asitutter.,, which weighed
.not less
thah 45111ba'.1?*' . .
I•
• :The writer coneludes With eiculpatingthe•French
Ggovernment, in the folhaWilik Welds, frem being in
any way 'privy to fivoie *shtickihiand uoneccesary
severities .1-.,-;:•• ' - . •
",Should anyone suppose the- French Govern.
mint would nut countenance these atrocities, he
would suppose,the*.trutli, but hew communicate to
the Minister 'What tt is b d much the interest 4.f the.
. Commandant to senpress ? for,eierygscrap of paper,
every letter is examitted,...64• •the:Post.of#ce submits
everything to his inspection." 'g•• . .....•*--* :tg..." •,'
• The names of the indivitlinil in miesti4a aft4Tkoinao
Baker: Bristol; ,111brland, bublie; P here'; tienrlinrough ;
Dnugal,Carren. Gregrincki•l)rnetto'Dowit IJOblina.Jtolerk
Silent*, Brizttnl; Stnrkey. Ireland ;• Adam Bentitu, HO I.
etechusein, brie see Iledgetnae, Itapvttes ttetlerfOreg-
iaa, seaditiand.

•I.

• ` •

t •

1 .. ~ ~.. ,

•
• _ .
. .•

.

PRICE 61 v.

BRIG11719N; 4vaitsr 15.

The Pavilion was again the scene of refined mirth
last night—a very numerous party, Ladies and Gen.
tlemen, were there; thel.:ading featare of the even.
,ing's amusement was *Concert, but there wan no
ball. This morning the Dukes of Crate/ice,
KENT, and Cammitoill, to4k their departure for
Oatlaeds ; and the ileir At pparent4 for the same
idestinetion, left us. at five o'clock this afternoon.
Numerous, indeed, 'hair° beeti the departures of
op.mosiling, and dull,..very (full, at this moment
are all 'parts of the town. The• Dukes of (:LA.
Is and. C,EMliEttLAmo were on tho Steyne yes.
.terday for hours in successiou, bat we did not see
tyjus,,,Panics...nor tke Duke of Kgat throughout
the' day. The military struck their testa in this
• •
neighbolithaSed at an early hour thh morning. Th 6
Slay initeelsed.feem the Sown • with' 'drums. beating, •
band playing, and °Wears fiyiag, as early as site
oteleek.—,-"Khe illuminations of Monday evening
were principally confined to the premises of the ,
PftgCE'S tradeamek, and those were reudered less
brilliant then they. would otherwise 'have ap.
neared, by alltong southerly wind, which- ex. :
thigeiebed the,..greater part of the extcrnaUy ea. ..
posed variegited lamps. The Royal Cirri's dbl. .
played a blazing star, with the initials IS: W. i ti 4
Theatre; a transparent painting of tho''Pattree Ii
his -Royal robes, with P. W. • PEArtioN's china.
shop, a blazing star, P. W.
and surmounted
with Ow , Opine ; .and. Puma's, in. Nortlostreet,
RoiSer,j.St in 13righion "Plsee,
.t!te,Lihraries, the
CeidiPffices, &e. were all at 4rill'iatit as circum.
i‘tanees4tiottid admit. ' Early'. yeiteiday morning,
&bent thutimo that the company were retiring from
the.o4l, a,t..the „Castle, fear large panes or :glass. '
were , brAkett in, the." parleer window„ of: the :coy. .
der hoe' of the South ,antli Morine Parade; ,
'and Atilt Enducti the lot:lief iluf(it was intended
(hit' hotise. ii-- partieular should 'he so damaged
is, that :a' Watt steno, but the night before, was
aurla.l- ; thhoseli:,:onai of the chamber windows,
which nartotey.,..misfed striking •a young Ludy,
.who was aboet in retire to re:..t. The house tae..:
longs to one' of Cs 'kept! Highness's Pages, Mr,
i KoAair.H, a :Gentleman high in the estimation of
the town,' and•of all who know him. The offender
has not yet 'teen dievovered, but the general hope •-
41 that be will pot lotwescape detection. A Jewish t
*eddies .took place here today—the female at.
tendani of one of the Ladies of the respected ft.
ally- of the Got:Mite% ' gieing'her 'hand, is their,
way, ,tots-periets• of :the -name 'of' Myeeciel altiliP ' •
,Jewish persuasion also. Mr: •Cr.' (2..ut.ossati,' lit'
others of opulence, and note were present at the • .:
Isilitials, and numberless have been. the visitants, et
the house, near the New Bank, where the wed.
ding Was celebrated. A Ball in the evening' will
*lnd up the entertainment. A privateer made her
nppoorance.at a grtatt Iliitittice :in. the 'offing last
might, in chace of one of our merchant vessels, i .
end attracted
.very pigmy; spectators! to the ;Pli.itt`
'Thu enemy in
stile 'etta,stas coMpelled to anendua
the persoit;'ind to Stand oaf to Ilea for safety, one
pr t vso.of 'our gtm.briea having tisnely tOpeared'to ''
:check her . designs The • privateer, however, we '
„...fear, escaped.,--;the qiretuttatst ;night was.overflow. ;
Pug with company, t.imi: liFrfncMantes th,etet, being
pati•Onieed by'-ithe 011eeri ef, the, Tenth Dragoons.
• Th4Theatie-alsit ltd airentel,•tbut nut a ;crowded' ''
'beditory; ::•11/446•Kitirtraystv, the Ptarl of Omit 'tstia'"t
lite, Lord Kyrril, &C.: in addition to those alritady"'t
nteotioned, alsafaetook of. the Pavilion festivities
on liftedey last. Lady: A iscotrs was also pretient
in the evotting,,, her Lidyshen being -honoured with
. the Marked attention At tile Porkitt. ..' • •
• ', • . •
MilkG.i ,‘"4212.1=0l
2.2 4
, 19,01.zw ~i'.47.4 -
. .
t:to o,• ,: n,
.. ...• ~.., .:. ~,I._.e. er 14,. ..1:.-.: e ?.!?.:-!...,
The Gardens-of Dandetitsta wertilluovisiatetl yet.. .1 .
~.terday evening in lioropy oft hie hirtit,tlity,ut.his r
ktoyal 11411 poss (4.P4t:ptce ofi3VALEs,. and a,cor". .;
itiderable number4l, peis4ni Attended to Celebrate
'this festal day ,•' for hirhaterer contrary opilttino' 1
.may-be entertailledopon•utinor points, there is but
i tide nniviesatseistimmit'which pervades alt. ranksias . ,
I to' the nitatities
,0 the,PitlNEE's heart, and that runs._
tin, corroborative testjmony of its unialenevs,- 111
~..
1 gePtientese, and di love of justice. .
• There 4as a Partylikewise at Kidinan's Rohm*,
amt. a grand hall iir-the• evening, in honour of the
' Occe,%inti„••• The,prime lorers,of .good old Port re!.
, paireil to
,the Wltipe liars t Rotel, where they:passed.
1 tlipmight,' and made ail' invasion on the morateg„,
1 drinkilig the `following toasts, and sentiment,la '
sparkliiie blit'heaLthfill bumpers, viz. • —.
• ... The Kiug. .
•
The Prince 'fir Wales; und.lthe,i he comes to the Throne of
. pG,reatriat
I,l4l:::ftirs,is riAcirr4earibiallyeo4..., ft let eboiumrseheut
of
vou.rl7lo,l4ootoiyvitmhe,
. anti nunnutiA when he' is no more,,
The Roiyal Falisily. )
C . •
. 't'i:,• Navy:, ...,
T hpiii!,iro;cials°l:ll4ex.inir:(aFtft4,rietillo'ilina!a:ilgilleiju:ibiyyl
nu I 0 f
i The Army f nand may the-natiwe bray-ell( of our tionis !iced,.
(meets: din ecied, b' she w Wiwi of our.Coouttclis. • •
I The Constitution & and may its foree,like.ltm.tt of Sawpson, tie.
ver;ht lartitgett liy,the i>eliMitit of Corrdptirs. . ,
The Aristocracy of time MANI ; onil Ina c tacyi always render
throu'eivis ositeetntile, by irspectiettlfeagires.' •
Time mouse of •Coinnotns,o alit! may tbel tsityer,,ssaffer
.those
[
Lind-murk: to he :moved which our :JEncestopiestahiestied,
tape of Demarkation betweadtPtmer and
bier
.
and*may its Proprietors Itnereose their
non; moderato in detail !
"God save the King, -
land the faiiitirite song of " The Prince,.,
and id
England for ever," a ere etnishittdilly Siin4; ,11114
rrapturuuily etioressed, cud :the votepinvdepoirted
: it, perfeet harmony: oiler this • •
,if 6,,,,.
" Feast of Reason, and the Clow Soul."
The Stirlingshire Militia, w hich now forms the
garrison of this place, went through their evolutioris
~with great correct nein and order, on the heights near
the battery, and fared I foss tie joss in honour of the
day.

LIBERTY THE CAUSE OF NATIONAL

PROSPERITY.

" The History of our Liberties was written in letters Of Irked.
which oar ancestors shed ; and we should be ready, if called
upon, to tranunit a eonlinuaeion of it in the same iudelibk
characters down to our posterity."—Cosraacs.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STATESMAN.
St It)—Those w ho think that the long and brilliant
prosperity of Britain is the casual effect of local ad.
vantages, or adventitious circumstances, are super&
Pie politicians. The mildest and healthiest cli-
mates—the most fertile islands, on whose shores
nature has been prodigal of her choicest favours,
with the most secure, spacious, and convenient bar.
bouts, arc not collectively sufficient to impart and
insure happiness and prosperity to any people, with.
out the blessings of civil and religious liberty.
These are the elements of all that is great or glo.
rious upon earth. The human intellects expand
beneath their genial influence. Men possessed of
these blessings become hunest, brave, and noble,
And daily approximate to that divine similitude in
which the beneficent Creator formed our first parents.
But although these blessings are as lovely as the
vernal dowers, they are, alas! equally as transi-
ent, unless watered by the dews of honest inde-
pendence, and protected from the blights of base
and luxurious sycophants and slaves.
Greece drank at the fountain-bead of liberty.
Her rocky shores, barren mountains, and disputed
coasts, were first illumed by the rising beams of this
auspicious luminary. Like a potent magician, at
her fiat sages, poets, heroes, orators, painters,
sculptors, architects, &e. rose in rapid and magni-
ficent succession, until Greece, irradiated by the
splendour of such an aggregate of transcendent ge-
niuses, resembled the celestial galaty. Arts and
science', temples, palaces, &c. whatever was mag.
uificent, elegant, or noble; whatever was sublime,
comprehensive, or profound ; whatever was delight.,
fill in peace, or formidable in war, emanated from
ber smiles, and adorned her reign. The surroundirtg
enslaved and barbarous nations, felt and owned the
vast superiority of her arts and arms. The Straits
of Salamis, the defiles of Thermopyle, and the
plains of Marathon and Plates, beheld the km-
merpble hosts of barbaric slaves tremble at the man.
jy, and intrepid looks of these invincible patriots,
who wpro determined "to conquer or die." What
cannot such men achieve ? Persian gold first sowed
the seeds of dissension among these great and Inge.
nious people. Bribery and corruption, like art in.
fernsl mildew, blasted the independence of their
minds, and left their bodies, and those of their
M retched successors, a prey to an mulles' system of

slavery, poverty, and insult. Thus divided, and

Consequeotly exposed to the intrigues of the crafty
Fume, they fell an easy prey to his More fortu.
nate sun. The martial energy which centuries of

freedom infused into their souls, survived their de.

gradation, and enabled the tyrant ALEXANDER, ter..
Tile)y called the Great, to accomplish the conquest
of the world.
The Romans, by similar virtues, rose to similar
ernfneoce in arts and arms; and by the introduction
of foreign gold and silver, and its application bir
ciEs4R, 4evroNy, &c. to bribe and corrupt the
people, Rome received a mortal wound. The ci.
lizens were either destroyed abroad by wars, or'
corrupted at home by bribes. Thus, Rome fell
into a fontpuiptible insignificance, after a proud
Pro.eminence of seven centuries.

Princes or Rings nuty flourish, or may fade,
A breath can mate them, as a breath has made;
But a bold peasantry, their country's pride,
If once destroyed, can never be supplied."
Venice and Genoa, merely from the influence of
fillierty on the minds of the inhabitants, became
powerful, wise, and eminent. In process of time
wealth was confined to a few hands--power accom.
panics wealth—aristocracy ensued, and strangled
the prosperity of these flourishing Republics.
Whenever the people have not a full and compe.
tent share of personal security, liberty and pro.
petty, and also an unequivocal voice in the forma-
tion of their own laws, which, in a word, cos.
prises the other three, they never will heartily re.
silt an invader, because they possess nothing worth
a struggle. Switzerland, possessing all these bless.l
jugs; bade a noble and stseceoll stand against the
tyrannic-encroachments of Austria; defeated her
mercenary myriads, and left their bones to bleach i
in the northern' blast, as a memorial to future in. i
vatting Satellites of tyranny. The brave Belgians
ihook off 'their cowardice with the Spanish yoke,
ind taught the ferocious and despotic Spaniards
what a few free Men can l'itk:Ct Against a host of
slaves ! Holland triumphed—rose to greatness,
Wealth, and learning, under the auspices of Li.
beriy; end in process of time even dared the British
thunder on its own acknowledged element !!!
Rngland, from the earliest period of her history,
seems peculiarly piopitious to Liberty. He's. Con.
atitu"tion, which was at various times wrung piece.
meal felt the iron grasp of ieczorable and sangui.
nary tyrants by a brave and generous people, is
better sec Wreak from the fluctuations of Athenian
democracy, and the hanghty, overbearing, and
pernicious usurpations of Roman aristocracy, by
a wise and provident union of all the known forms
of genuine Governments, monarchy, aristocracy,
cy—so equally poised, mud admirably

• r •

LONDON 8
FRIDAY, AVGUST 17 ISM

.:.

ADVICES have been received from Rio Janeiro,
and by the same opportunity dispatches of a very
flattering nature have- been transmitted to his Ex-
cellency Don Dossrecto as SOUZA, at this Court.
We understand that the Patxce Reatwr his con.
(erred upon him one of the highest titular
lions in the gift of the House of Bragenxe, with
the Grand Cross of the Tower and Sword. He
is also raised from the rank of Minister to that of
Ambassador. By a former Treaty with this coon-
try, it was stipulated that the Representatives of the
two Sovereigns at their respective capitals, should
not be furnished with credential! In a higher
character than that of Meister. Under the present
Treaty. this restriction has been removed, the article
respecting it, howxlver, requiring that both the public
Agents should sustain the same dignity. It is there.
fore to be presumed, that when the new Treaty was
lately transmitted to the Brazils,it wasocompattied
with the regular authority investing Lord STIIAWO.
roan with the Imitatel function, at the Court of,
Rio Janeiro. On the Continent.'Om,.diplosaetic
gradations are much more familiar aminthey are in
this country. •VATTIL (Liv. 4, 4.41.) defines an
Ambassador as one who sepreseats kb 'Sovereign in
his dignity, and a Foreign Minister as representing
him only in his concerns.
It will be recollected that the remittance of die.
monds from the Portuguese settlements, which ar-
rived some months avows! deficient. The total quoin.
tity expected was 50,000 tants, English weight,
and on opening the case at the Bank, it was found
to contain leas by 1567 (arab. In order to pro.
vent any unfounded suspicion of fraud in the trans.
action, we understand, that the Portuguese Main-
seder has written* circular letter, explaining that
the variation has arisen from the supposition, on the
other side the Atlantic, that 50,000 earats were
to be transmitted according to the received weight
in the settlements, and not according to that adopt•
ed in Great Britain. Before the last remittance ass
made, we presume, this misunderstanding had ,been.
corrected, as we are told on the same authoritytikat
there is rather an excess of quantity in the present
c.ousigment.
By letters received from Carareas, dated
ginning of July, and by the Captain's infortnitirt
in whose vessel they were transmitted,' it is as cap
tained beyond a doubt, that those provinces. rigidly
adhere to the principles adopted in the capital ; and
it was expected that very soon the districts of Coro
and Maracaybo would join in perfect harmony with
their neighbours. Se far from there being any civil
disorders, as represented in a Morning Paper, the
aspect of affairs improved every day, .and the value
of colonial produce progressively augmented.' The
military preparations had no other object than pro.
tectiun from external hostility.

~.:.

WE yesterday took a view of the motives that
might have influenced the French EMPEROR, in is.
suing his late unexpected Decree. Among other•
motives, some persons have insisted upon the fact
of his ending himself, and his former Decrees,
fulled by our resistance, and national strength, and
flourishing trade ; and therefore compelled to retire
before our victorious Orders:in Colwell. There is
such manifdt absurdity in this, is scarcely to need
an answer. Our commerce nearly rained, our
kerchaots actuitily IN our Governntent competed

"‘ •

so resort to every little or daring expedient
in finance, to raise the supplies, misery in our
'manufacturen' houses, and sickness and want
in the artisans' lusts and garrets this is the
real scene of things, and this besought on by
the French Emeeeoa's blows at your trade, and
talk of his being compelled to change his system
' because the former failed! How dimmed are ell
r such men as Don QUIXOTE, when represented by
fiction as insane, when their fully is compared with
such conduct as that of these talkers ! For Goo's
sake, if we have no honesty, let us hare some
sense ! Let us not be despised by Europe, as
we have been and are hated by her.—if
our Ministers destroy us piece-meal, let them not
make us the scoff of the world, by their per-
, seeding us to echo their hirelings, and talk of
health where there is nothing but pestilence and
death ! But another motive of the French Empe.
ror's Decree, it seems, is urged by these same able
abettors of Ministers, to be his want of money.
•Who knows that want, and what appearance is
, there of It, in any part of the world ? What ap.
pearance is there of its eicii in this Decree? Very
little as we shall soon skew. And, meantime,
people forget the description of Empire this man
possesses, when they talk so confidently of his
wants. They forget the extent of France itself :
,They forget the state of the Continent (all but the
Peninsula, as it is the rage to call it), all open to her
manufacturers and merchants. They forget, there''
ere such things as riven and canals within the Con.
tossent, as well as seas without ; and they do not_
seem to know that France is thu commercial dep6t
of Europe ; and which, by the way, you made her!
—They forget, too, NAPOLEON'S POWER, and rea.
diners to exercise it for any purpose !—But if
you take all these things into the account, it mak
not, perhaps, appear so very probable, that the
French nuances are so low as represented by
aide. No doebt.the Fairies' EMPEROR'S expen.
diture is immense, but his revenues are also im.
manse, Ono pbject he may have in view in the
Decree, may be to augment his coffers, and no
doubt it is so; but it is but one, and you may be
...soured, an inferior object. And, indeed, how can
that be the main object of a measure, which cannot
be accomplished by it? How are the imports of
' Colonial produce only, into France, to make all the
Menace, if her EMPEROR% coffers MPS empty?
Has any one who talks in this way, itonsideied
what is likely to be the amount of that be.
pertation ? Tide leads .us to an important point
'of this very surprising west, both as it concerns
awy political, or any commercial speculation on its
results. The country is WOW by ir, and thrown
late one of those dangeromi situations which bawl
been so often lejurioos to its credit, end its peace.
But let us dissect this a little, sad see both what,
emit jtimmadli aid the Fentress &seamen is IrkOly'
'to derive from his decree, and what relief it will
probably afford our commerce. The following is
:the rate of NAPOLEON'. new duties, ea reffilied
halo English 'abilities
Other
Dna CA* paydolly of 30 4
s' Wed,
Coes - - t
Tdriey CAIN 4 - k`,
Otber Cathy • -
Raw &or . .1 . •
Hysou Tet - - 374 •• • •
81174•Telo. : : :;4 •
FilseCbmwma -
Coe hleeal 8 4 •
Mslisso -
-- • -- 4
4
Coco- - ' -4$ ,11
Cleves • . 6
This will be seen to be lamemieely high, and if
FranCe is impoverished (reasoning ea that supra-
sitiop) how are the duties to be paid ? What great
population can there be in France to consume a
great deal of Colonial commodities at such a rate ?
We are enabled to give, from a neurdeaux Price-
Current, the former duties upon some of these ar.
tides of consumption, namely:

4‘ Frincs. Centimes.

" Cokes, the hund►ed Killogruses . .
Coffee, French
Ditto, Foreign
Raw Boer, French ...,I . . .
Ditto, 4 oreiga
Cloyed ditto, French
Foreign ditto
Indigo
At the same time the price current of those goods
was as follows :...
Cotton (Brazils) from . . . . 1660 to 1670

• Illartinkine aed anadabispa ditto 1480• to 1600
Cahn (per proved) Bliss**, and
Gusulnlospe, ordienrj
Rio' sugar, third•quilitg, the him-
dred Killogrames, Mint . . . 450 to 460
Cloyed ditto. dine, from . . . 610 to 630
Indigo (the pound) from Bengal,
second polity, from . . . . . It to 31
nitro Carraccas Flores, front . . . 60 to 68
From thsatitnala, ditto, ditto, from 68 'to 70
And the ottsei: sorts 'in proportion.
Cochineal (per. pound)
Campeachy wood, Spanish, the cot. .
The difference between the two rates is prodigious.
Is, therefore, the former usual French conning).
don of Colonial produce to be expected, under bur..
thens so much heavier? The new duties are not only
very heavy in themselves, but will appear more lit
from comparison with former times, and therefore i
will prevent the Freoch from consuming the articles.
generally. But it is only a very general consumption,
,then.ean produce any great revenue to the Fasiett.
Enenton from these duties. It may theeehrei
hi.fairly.concluded, that he could not calculate much
upon a source et revenue little to be rebel el sod,
6 y -

•-•:- -

50

•

that the money he is to get cant
cause or motive of the Decree.
degree of relietis our distressed
wive from this neasure? • First-
factures, no English'proddie,
intti'France„ under thia. Di
looi And the anvil that want
coplfk, Mod. employ And mar/
would find busieeo and weals
rolief is partial. The Decree
Planters itnd .1)66'1116ns Tr
of least impoitarice of any
Blanchester wont be relieved;
ham, Birmingham, or Sheffield.
lief will come to trade from
oer Merchants Ought to coasidsr
Let them not only have ezperient
but let them avail themselves of
Caton, for instance, which the
may export to France, with
to stand in competition wit
charged only" sixty.siz francs
servetiou applies to ifedigat
It dues not Appear, that the
can have any chance 'if he
`market, under this Decree.
doing sot The Berlin and
aot annulled' by this, itad
'men, then, not liable to (confiscation
without forged papers of origin
not liabloto he seized by our ,
nay papers of origin ? We hope
will have a little consideration
this transaction. It would become
formerly belonging to an English
we n ish to see that restored! On
not see the cause for triumph
haveezhibited, on the arrival bare
Decree.

7,1111.10,
T is with extreme Of:astir()
firmly believea;' that a genera.
siiners is, jtaally• settled hctr
France. •
• l—wawsr—
. have sees an lAA
lk •
pew stamp on it ! This is'a

and most odious duiy. Wither Troilism
cannot publish a hand... 1,0
19 endesrour to alls
few customers to his ilstip, Pit be most pay GOTHS.
went so enormous premium fur the privilege. The
privilege ranituo still, thank God, with liagtbill
men; althorsols not so poor as the Irish. Where,
then, are *oft equal laws which were to stage Eng.
land and Ireland in one bond of love auilkkoefilenesly
Ministers must either undergo the kortird of flunk;
a tat of one perm on every gnosis ipad„wih, to
place 'reload Oft a par wittiest (coosiderbsgibi 00111.
partitive wealth of Illstwto cowatries), or seal, th•
moment. Paribas.* Poets, (he "alma!' 1001
epos hood:bilis, f3ut Dili Exot.oxis, is a.
moved from ghat apathy andakinaints,
was her reproach among oitiorkow•vrin PA O*
sgreatly relish ik tits 4 fit,s plainy, ittrorowirmAkr,
thing, on °ire, laatt!billf Aiss •
as hearillfl: Otte; !P149114
"'SuPP*l4l"*" poor 'luta /611143111,11.1.1" this
,metropolis, eat Po hist. rolartamiliiii. oet
land,bilisi or poefing4slll tit nilleirikblli
heart, and gill the usothoef iojll/10)la isito
theirartet may be regeiaedrratall hem to Qoierat
meta-asmuch as the whole efiPeneet4lll9
both. paper and printing, for' the father?? eet; err •
white is .wane, lose, for wont of Oa sea or
tax, the right rod power of using the natural Of*
it regaining his child ? This is to task the ezereissof
virtue, and the best of the human peahen ifetor
did Government descend so low I We moy 110111f41
our flourishing finances and our weskits bet *
is sorry proof of the reality' of the mood of *
boast! We are, in fact, either so poor as tg /IP
driven to the lowest means of finance to mill. 611
Supplies, or are so rapacious, that we Most to Opp
vile means without necessity. Which do the eilik
tors of Mr. PirICETAL and Mr. FOrTng chair 'Ol
say Is our condition; fur they must tak4 ono dlr.,
.grace or the other, there being no other efioiait
Which, theo, do you. cbsise ? • It is little mint*
which, since either is a disgrace that iso liontotable
Minister could bear. To boost 4,90'0444 14`,1
iources, in the midst of the eseoriest sod Piet
feeling arts of finance, is a thing did itilegelksithi
else palliate, and cannot be practismtby tuiy hot $llO.
linked; or most prellipto of then I

.
ry

The price of Sugar rose it per cent. yesterash
in consequence of the new French Degree. Ti
account of the late Decree of the Fronts Idatraaang '
we understand, was received by the bats at DAVI
SCOTT and Company. •
Whatever may be the • fate of the Pilate!liala,'
resistance made by the Spaniards erode a profits •
proof of the importance of intersadeg the paps!
Lion in the defence of a country. -Spain, vietk
any regular army—with dilapidated 004 *B4
wretched Government, has made a farm...gm&
debits resistance by the energy of her #.0010.9
though an ',neigh redisvd by isegisiswensegoto
than those continental nation who had the hot *P
peintedliod moilhamerous armies in the wet*
Private letters (rum the amyl of Lord Wassuith
TON Rate, that the troops ufre, well supplied Id°
' everr:aertiole of necessity, uAli with wins Is Ow
dance.• The officers, howesies wildy
to a limited space et time st-raele every dub WMck
on no `uccaalau A eaceedettitreastwat the Irbil°
k

!

k •

'I,

1

.-• t .q

lit! 41

V
. • IT

et
•111

th

xfil
"ata
dfi

eta
fir
MI
moi

fr
• Os

ser
l'• tic

sh
h 4

•al

PS
WIN

alt 4
req

wU
Fi.
Ryt
ar
fire
;Pee

:anuot be the principal t
.ce. And now, ondt
iseel commerce to re.
st—no English assoc.
:1, is to be imported
cave; But it a tha
lot employ. If the, c
rkets, the Kerala% I
filth again ; if not, At
!e may relieve a. fte •
Graders ; but they at t
body to the oath*, . •
cl; nor will Nottiot
ld. Little or no re.
n this' source. Asd
nsidsr of that in tti,,,e
perieuce in their eye,
of that ! flow is ttia el
the English htercbast
a duty of too franca
iih that of lyspiedi
ics The nuns ob. .r. t
, *ad other article,
he Eoglish •menhant 1
goer to the 'Mick
Al4d Is Iw safe is •
l Milan. Amara an
d are oar taarektat. X
education a ass , h
issin T Aved are they
• crullers if they carry
f•
hope our biercluan
• C
on rot the-wolves its A
ecoatcs the cbalackt
Wish liferchantd and tl
Op the wholn; we di
i which some peuom
Fro ft( this celebrated'
a
we state,, that
Pa. exchange of pri. is
tweet, England oe4
tM
Id-bill, with * hull/.
a most burtheasoipi tl
hoe. /risk TIISISIONII • g
