THR STATESMAN.

boards; and several reglantete that tei at Pew.
The horse grenadiers and chewers went tbrusgh
the foot exercise. Dining the review, . the Em.
peror, surrounded by simnel Marshals aud suPe-
rior officers, took bit station near the grand en-
:lilac. to. the Palace. He teas dressed in the mai.
form of the National Guards.
It ii said, that the marriage of his Majesty the
Emperor will takes place an the 29th.
Beaus, FEB. 27. Besides the loan 'negociated
in Holland, another. at 5 per cent. has been
opened for fifteen hundred millions of crowns, in
the interior of this kingdom. The following is
the preamble of the Royal Edict issued upon this
subject :
" IRLDEILICK WILLIAV, ,&e:—Thettgli we hive tried
all poisible resumes to enable us to discharge the war contri-
butte° which we owe to France. we have, nevertheless, Dot
`yet had it in our power to pay tiff the whole iif it. We have
hitherto exerted ourselves incessantly to effect the discharge
of the arrears ; and w e are so much the More solicitous to ac-
celerate it, as the binperor of the French has added to Gm- ob-
ligations in this raped, by the coadescensjoa which he has
shims. We have endeavoured to lighten to our subjects the
burden of this mili•ary contribution, by a considerable loan
abroad, which has already been orgociaird. But its results
will not besoperative until the lapse of a certain rriod ;
whilst circumstances command, with regard to France,/ pails.
mamas considerable as prompt. This urgent necessity,. nod
our confidence in the dispositions of our subjects to make,
notwithstanding the misfortunes of the times, sacrifices on
which depends the welfare of the state, have determined us to
direct our Minister at Finance.** open forthwith, in the dif•
ferent partsof our states, a loan of 1500. millions of crowns,"
&c. •
PARIS, MARCH ll.—The city of Paris, and the
Imperial Guard, are to give grand entertainments
in honour of the Emperor's nuptials.
Orders have been sent to all the theatres, to get
up all their perrorn:ances, during the present
month, April, and May, in the most magnificent
style possible. A number of old plays are to
be revived, and as many new pieces as possible to
be brought out. The principal performers have
also receiked orders to make their &primates
pretty frequent.
111. Ruggieri, senior, is preparing a splendid ex.
bibition of fireworks, to be let of in the evening
of the day of the marriage.
Six Imperial carriages passed through Bar.sur.
Orpain on the Ist instant, on their way (runt
Paris to Vienna. One of them was: splendidly
decorated, and was drawn by eight horses.. It is
supposed to be intended for the new Empress.
IrIoRUCK, FRB. 28.... The three divisions of
the French army composing the third corps,
which, under the command of the Prince of lik-
muhl, gained so many victories in the late war,
are now in motion to occupy the new cantonments
assigniXl to 'them. The first division, tinder the
order er General Murand, and consisting of the
13th light infantry, the 17th, 30th, 57111, and
Gist of the line, *ill, by the end of the next.
month, have all arrived in the Marquisate of Bay.
where they will month' until further orders.
The second division,- under the unless of Gene.
ral Friastf„ and consisting of the 15th light infan.
try, the 334, taii,th, 108th, and Illtat of the line.
with the lolith hews, and hilt and 12th horse
clasiettre, are still in Passau aud the ensirons.
The under the orders of General
Gedin, consisting of the 21st, 12th, 23th, and
85th of the line, with 600 artillerymen, and 800
horse, passed through Bayreuth, between the 13th
and 231 inst. MU their march from the Upper Pd.
latinate to Saxony. Generalputlin's head.quar.
ters, which were for some days at Holt, have been
transferred. to Schla.etz, in the county of Reoss.

__7_.....,..- _
Amved. Malts. 1/se.
1
.. ,
3
0 -'. .. - -
.
0 ... .. •• • Listrvu , 1
0 entlis .• , I
.

11111C1.. OF STOCkS• 11l IS DA V AT ONE tICLOCIt.
3 per Cent. Con.. 6811 Lnns. Ann...shut
J per Itecincett, shut • Indio Bowls Its. 13s.
4 per Cent....shut 'Exch. llills, ss. Ys.
5 per Cent. Notify 481 Ecrh. Bills, 3d. 4s. pr. •
t !dincol. tor April tiSii Lottery Ticket. R4I. ti.. •

THE STATESMAN.

LO N MIN :

....a
THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 1810.

Tut last Paris Papers contain a decree 4! from
the Pelee, of the Thuilleries," on the subject of
State Priseners—which, while it displays the
WON of despotism with which France is ruled—
' most forcibly calls to our recollection the days of
the heaven-born PITT and Governor ..4sers. 'this
decree opens %vial a preamble, recapitulating the
reasons for filling the State Pristine
• Considering that there is a certain amber of our sub.
61' :!i!e!1 latrilfltilAillifteLitsis art caseposer
for trial before the Courts of Justice, nor to bet at
" liberty."
•
Precisely such was the argument used by Mr.
Purr and his Colleagues, for the incerceration of
individuals, against whom no specific charge was
ever, broughts; and, who, after languishing for
,years under the gentle regime of Governor A era,
in the Cold Dath.fiekls Bastile, were finally dis.
charged without-trial, and without recompense.
Painful as is the contemplation of a whole people,
who, after having made that noble straggle for
liberty at the commencement of the French Re,
volution, have now sunk back into the fright cc
slavery—this lesson will not be Without its use, if
it have the effect of stimulating the people of the
United Xingdum to an increased and jealous vigi.
lance, in the preservation protectioti of the
invaluable privileges a the British Constitution.
Thu state of France is represents!! by Ira.
Tellers, who have recently passed through the
country, to be greatiy altered with respect to
the luxuries for which ir. was o selebrate.d.,--
p* witiile the eepeffluities of the bsbie are area
t 1.14 4140 4Avrtm reteltiAr redly, cc.d4 AO cot
6

• , •

i•

linty *wished, the necessaries of life are plead-
fel oven to superabandAnee. The strength of
Frage* *caanot be oonsidered. as diminished so long
as there is an ample supply of the articles neces.
my to human subsistence. The male population
is asserted to consist, visibly, of old age at►4'
childhood. The astonishiNkeiortions of France.
since the commencement of the war male have pro:
duced that effect to the full extent of the assertion
—but in the days of the French Repcbiie•we bad
precisely similar accounts—the fields were thee
said be cultivated by old men, women, and IVO-
dren...yet we have not seen the career of Fri
arrested by this alleged depopulation.-

Tug American frigate, John Adams, is yet
waiting at Cowes fur the Dispatches of Mr. Pt ,
NEY, whose Negociation with Marquis WELLES.
LEY, notwithstanding the repeated reports to the
contrary, does not appear to be yet brought W a
conclusion. It is believed, that the recent con-
duct of the French Government towards America,
will produce an alteration of public opinion in
America, by which the accommodation of the dis-
pute with this country will be greatly facilitated.

ACCOUNTS from Ttrkey appear in the Foreign
Journals, slating, thAtt Sir SAMUEL Mow, with
a British squadron, has passed the Dardanelles,
in order to cruise against the Russians in the
Black Ses.

A Messenger arrived yesterday at the Foreign
Office, with dispatches'from `pain.
A Cabinet Council was liel.l yesterday at the
Foreign Office.
'The sailing of the John tiJruns, American fa.
gate, is delayed till to-morrow.
The General Catholic Committee of Ireland have
adjourned to the 424th of April ; and special
notices arc issued fur their meeting in Dublin on
that day, in order to,take into consideration the
propriety of disavowing, on the part of tho• Cetlio.
lie Body, any act authorising ass offer in Perlis.'
meat to cuoicede the Veto, or any similar measure.
There are three Itesotutimis to be foetid by
Lord PoscnxriEK, upon the Expedition
first goes to declare the Expedition itself im elf:
tic ; the second, as we have already stated, eon.
limns the appointment of the raarl of toeing/1m ;
the third censures the retention of the Island of
Walcheren, after the ulterior objects of the Ex.
pedition had been found to be unattainable. The
two fiat resolutions will be opposed by Mr. CA N.
Ni NO; thu Wt. will, it is said, be supported by
him.

lufinite pains have Wan) larva by Earl Pawls.
to bring his two friends, Lord Si ostouvt and
Lord WELLest.siroo a good understandiuw; •but
the Noble Viscount dues stet. chose to connect
himself with a -pervois whom he does not know
whether he ought to 'name thepopil or tharputron
of Mr. Csarrlart.
fiord Alarm u.et eagerness for office is abated
by a near observation of tbe,slippery tenure upon
which it would be held. lie Gees the awakening
spirit. of the conutrb and is convinced that the
present Ministers are u,,t strong enough to sup.
port him against the indignation of the house of.
Commons ; so be contents himself with .drawing
plans fur his country's good. •
't tie report*, of citangea in. the Administration
are rather vague. Until the Walcheren Expedi-
tion is disposed of, such changes can answer no
present purpose; and, it the authors of that
project obtain a verdict in their favour, they may
probably discover that changes arc quite übneee.s.
sary for Mir 'WV!. purpose.
The eager expectati,mis entertained On the er.
rival of every Ifog of truce, is a pretty derisive
symptom 'of the public wishes. Bit surely at no
period have there appeared fewer reasons toupee t
an effectual oegociatiou fur pencc; aa.lhii is,
perhaps, the snore to be deplored, that there
scareely now remains a pronising object fur sear.
Mr. flow's new propensity to pumphletecting'
has gut him into Various scrapes, the last of *hid'
was with Lord CARRINGTON, VI whom he was stn.
der the necessity of making a pretty humbles apt).
logy, and cancelling a sheet. of his pamphlet into
the bargain.

The Sainlthave within these few days held two
or three Conclaves at Cbtphain Comtism, and eke.
where, on the momentous.question that must
out of the Walchesen Enquiry k'per( ; but a 11C.
ther they mean to esnitiove ea thee oedasiOn to of.
fer a sacrifice to their oldidol,- or bend Loa ne*
one, has not yet
,escaped the lips of any oils of 'the-
-salaam .---.- • •-- 4
A numerous Frump of Ladies and Gentlemen.
were assembled at Mrs. C 1.41 it IN .splendid pale
yesterday morning by ten o'clock. The admit...
tance fee fur each person was lialta.crown. This'
celebrated Lady seems determined that no person
shall peep at her pretty spot of Pdradise withoet
4 premium. •
Prince Eusexe hail nearly proved as Ontario..
nate as his mother. On his lam retorts front Pa.
ris, to resume his functions as Viceroy of Italy,
he was surprised on Monet Cenis by a vi.lient
storm, and, with his suite, was in great danger isf.
perishing in the snow and precipices. They toat.t
part of their baggage. •
Among the plates in Pins where grand• prepa..-1
rations are making- for the illuminations 'and file
to be given in honour of the marriage of Hoag&
daze, arc the Garden of the Thoilleries: aiAh
the Chumps RlNsers, The latter place has bow
thrown entirely open. Thu works of the leistio.:
of the star !limp which th.proeesview
of their Majesties the Eitel:nos Wirt', Eurasia.
will pass, are to-he fittishAi cas the 25th instatsts
They are of wood, thou tint being limo to [edit,:
them of stone. .:ot.
Whenever
.a 4itbmidaag arrangement
made on toot loog assd profitlesa egpandittit'Sbet
its supports the Mllpary .STgivr of England:4k
itltpes t! it in 41:10 C44441411-rA kgke.4

-~-~-

-
