THE STATESMAN.

vial to the independeace of the Bench.--(Applause.)—,
-.
--s m— - I The next beneficiaLact was the suppression of general
The Cafeteria Journal contains the particulars of a warrants. This measure, in his opinion, still rendered
ung and lowest:or letter, describing a series of acci- every Englishman's house his castle. The third dis-
,•eors which happened to a thet of boats, carrying a t uguishing act of the late reign, was the abolition of the
detachment under the r 111111 l moil of Major Brooke, of
.slave trade. Is this measure, not less wise than it was
die Horse-Ar... ers, from the period of their entering .post, every frieed of humanity must rejoice, and every
Englielinian must feel peculiar satisfaction.—(Applause.)
the Magee, to that of their arrival at Dinapoor:—
The last instance of the beneficence of the late reign
Ou the Inds of Juue, one of the boats, uoi board which
a detachment of his Majesty's 24th Regiment was etio was the extended laws and influence of toleration and
Larked, is stated to have upset ; by which accident one religious freedom. He was a ware that he was here
private and three children were drowned. On this oc- tour/ling upon delicate ground. He alluded to Catholic
leasion the heroic conduct of a Naique, belonging to the emancipation. Catholic emancipation his late Majesty
lath regiment Native lufantry, is deserveuly spoken of had readily conceded and
views of duty and his
hissupported, so far as he had
in terms of the highest approbation, this brave fellow , thought it compatible with
having, at the peril of his life, rescued nu leas than conscience. When be had conceived conscience and
eleven men, two women, and one child, from destruction, duty to forbid further concessions, his firmness was only
being under the necessity of carrying off each of then, equalled by his clemency. Throughout his long and
separately from a part ut the wreck, to which they were arduous life, Oeorge 111. had been uniformly moral,
clinging, with scarcely any reasonable hope of escaping. manly, temperate, beneficent. Every religious, domestic,
On this arrival, at Mongeer, on the trith, they heard of and social duty adorned his character. His amusements
'die loss of a hudjerow belonging to Ensign Farrington, were manly, his pursuits were useful. In the hes.'.oftil
which was upset in a very broad and deep part of the amusements of the chase, in the useful pursuits of agri-
river, at the distance of a few miles below that place. i culture, he was the model of the English gentleman. The
This young other', is described as basing lost the whole i greatest agriculturists of the age, the one an eminent
of Isis property and baggage, and to have been indebted i
rel.' the other an illustrioas commoner,(he meant the !ate
for his life, first to die exertions of a boatman. who )duke of Bedford, and Mr. Coke of Norfork,) had but fol.
dregged him out of the water, and set him on the bottom 1 lowed the example of his Majesty. In the fine arts he was
of the boat, which was then uppermost, and next, tot the
own
aselstanee of his friend Ensign :trnistrong, who relieved
hint from that perikns situation, and took him on board
ts nuojetow. sin the evening of the 30th, after
leaving klongeer on the inith, another buoljerow belong- accomplished, and he patronised their professors. He had
a fine taste in music ; he had displayed taste and jelly
mem in the encouragement afforded to painting in So-
cu inerset-house ; ne had collected one of the best libraries,
of the merits of which he had been one of the best
fag to the tieet was upset, and Lieut. Bowers, of his Judges. Thus accomplished, he lived beloved and ho-
Majesty's 14th Regiment, was washed fairly out of the noured, and, now be was dead, bin virtues and his woe di
xindow, by the sudden influx of the water un the would live for ever embalmed in the been' of the Bri-
opposite side. This officer appears to have been saved fish nation.—(Long continued applause.)—They were,
principelly by the presence of mind of his bearer, who, at the same time, to express their congratulations that
though in an equally perilous situation himself, was not their late lamented Sovereign was succeeded by his pre-
forgetful of his master, but succeeded in placing him on sent Majesty. His talents and accomplishments were
the bottom of the boat. This accident occasioned great well known to be of the highest order; he delighted, he
bustle in the fleet, and a small guard-boat, dispatched enchanted, all who approached him.—(Applause.)—He
.mmediately by Major Brooke, arrived in time to receive (Mr. prilison) could say that in former times he bad ex-
those who were clinging to the wreck ; but no sooner perienced attention andkindness from his Majesty which
had she quitted her than it snnk and totallvdisappeared. lie could never forget. His Majesty had been brought
On the day after the loss of Lieutenant Rowers bottle- tip in attachment to the principles of the Constitution;
row, another of the European boats sunk off liar, when lie had repeatedly expressed his determination to main-
, oone of the privates of his Majesty's 07th Regiment of lain then, ; and there could be no doubt that he would
Vont was drowned. This poor fellow bad hiniseifyeached maintain the Constitution, and transmit it unimpaired.—
'the shore. though quite exhausted with the exertion, (Very peat applause.)
when, observing the wife of the setjeant, who still re- Sir fitomss Matron rose principally in order to ex-
unlined on the wreck, struggling to save her children, in plain how his name was atached to the requisition : he
a state of the utmost peril and anxiety, weak anti ex. had always contended that county meetings ought to
Initiated as this brave soldier was, he threw himself into be not only meetings of the freeholders, but of the in-
the stream, ill the hopes of saving them ; lint his habitants of the county. It ought to be so on the pre-
strength tailed hint, and, in this heroism, he sunk be. sent occasion ill particular. But his friend, the absent
teeth the overwhelming mass of waters. It Is gratify. member for the county, had clone him the honour to in-
ing to learn that the fund mother and her children were sert his name. He had not had an opportunity of seeing
at length saved, though the brave fallow, who thus de. the requisition, or he should bare objected to its being
toted his life to the cause of humanity, alas! rose no limited to freeholders.
more! Mr. TROWER (High Sheriff) said, he should first ad-
vert to the point tot etiquette alluded to by the Hon.
Baronet. This was a constitutional meeting ; free-
holders were a part of the Constitution, the inhabitants
were not ; they were now assembled in the county-court,
where only the freeholders were understood to meet ;
therefore the requisition was constitutionally limited.
The inhabitants knight, if they chose, call a meeting fur
the same purpose. -But the object of their meeting was
to express their sorrow for the death of his late Ma-
jesty, and their satisfaction at the accession and
recovery of his present Majesty. The honourable
seconder had justly said, that his late Majesty's
reign had been a long and an eventful reign. It
had been so; but be regretted that political events
shonld be at all introduced in delineating the character
of his late Majesty. 'I he separation of Arteries, and they
revolutionary war of Fraace, had excited feelings and
opinions which bad net yet received fell explanation.
1 hose great events had, it was true, come to a temporary
termination; but it was still r ed for posterity to
form their judgment of the principles winch then in-
fluenced public men. The temporary passions excited
by those events, and the feelings associated with the
great leaders that distinguished themselves during that
period, must be buried in the tomb ere an accurate, a
just, and impartial decision can be obtained. His late
Majesty had come to the throne at a difficult, an awful
crisis. lie had begun to reign when the p.ogress of
knowledge, the diffusion of education, the general spread
of civilisation among all classes of the people, gave a
character and decision to national movements never
known before. Those principles were in full operation
when he began to reign, and produced different effects
in different nations, according to the obstacles opposed
to them. From those principles sprung the separation
of America and the French revolutionary war. But his
late Majesty 's character was independent of these events.
His sincere and unaffected piety, his cheerful and bene-
volent manners; his meekness, affability, and charity;
Iris manly virtues and eudearing sentiments; these con-
stituted him a great toad a good man, independently of all
political questions.—(tireat applause.)—ln arbitrary and
despotic tioverunients, the temper and decision of the
Sovereign it ere of the ninon importance. It was other-
wise in a political Constitution, such as ours. The Mo-
narch could neither make nor unmake laws. Yet was
his character of WO importance to the naticn. His
natural influence, his station in society, his wishes, his
example, all conspired to render his sentiments and his
conduct iniportant to the nation. By the virtuous feel-
ing and correct conduct which he displayed, he became
a beacon to direct the nation in the way they should go.
Might they at once revere his virtues and follow his ex-
ample! It was matter of much joy to them all that hie' Ft'
sent Majesty was one who had loved and respected his
venerated fa.ber, and who would follow his example is
ruling over the British nation. The prayer of all wan
that he might reign lung over a happy, loyal, fast,
united. prosperous, and virtuous people (applause); that
11.- might promote increase, and maintain the civil and
religious rights and privileges of the nation; and that
at length toe might descend into the tomb of his an-
cestors, followed by the same veneration and regret
which now attended his revered father.—(Oreat ap-
plause.)
The address was then agreed to, neiniac eortirtadieeste,
and ordered to be signed by the High Sheriff, and pre-
sented by him, accompanied by the Lord-Lieutenant
and the Members of the county.
Some doubts arose as to the propriety of embracing
esnololence and congratulation in the same address, hut
no precedent being accessible, it was agreed that the
usual custom should he adopted.
The Rev. Mr. Samsost wished the words " in Church I
anti State" to he introduced after Coastitutioo, butt ft '
was judged unneeessary.
Thanks were unanimously voted to the mover and se-1
gooier of the address. 1
It was intimated, at the close of the meeting, that the
Clerk of the Peace was there to receive the oath of alle-
giance of such as wished to take it.

EAST LVDIF.S.

SPA IX

(/ROM TNt NATIONAL
'I he following Proeleinstion has been published by
Do• Antonio Quiroga, the Chief of the Insurgent
yorees:--

• " Soldiers—Placed at your head by the choice of the
officers of the army, I speak to you with that frankness
which ought alwaysa, to exist between companiou ns in
'arms. Spain was going to destroy itself, and yor ruin
wouhl have involved that of your country. 'Vou were
destined to per;sll, not to realise the conquest of Ame-
rica, tur that is impossible, but to free the Myer aaaaa ent
front flee alarm which roar valour has excited. Still,
however, your families would have remained in the
nowt disgraceful slavery,under an arbitrary and tyrannic
Uoverimient, which disposes at will of the fortunes and
liberties of unhappy Spaniards. Soldiers, the Govern-
ment has destroyed itself is the opinion of the nation ;
it is not possible for us to suffer longer. Violent and
r feeble, this Unverament cau inspire but indignation or
contempt, whilst to render the nation happy, it ought
to inspire conti,ience ; it might to be loved and respected.
" Soldiers, let us employ for ourselves and for our fa-
' amities those arms which assured us independence against
the power of Bonaparte. The enterprise is easy and
glorious. Will there be found one Spanish soldier to
oppose it ? No; even in the ranks of those whom the
teoverninent endeavours to draw together, you will find
brothers who will unite tlsniselves with us: and should
gay be found sufficientybase to dare to turn their arms
against us, let us T::rrininate these satellites of tyranny,
unworthy of the name of Spaniards. Soldiers, I rely
upon you. Be the worthy sons of your country, and
nierit that name. I recommend to you union and disci-
pline. I shall be happy to reward merit; but if any one
is wanting in his d:ity, I shall sliest that the authority
with tibia I have been invested has not been confided
to me in vain.

" Soldiers, victory attends os, and with it glory and
the reward. which onr rountry will ampsly dispense tons.
" At the Quarter4leneral of San trrnind... Jan. 5,
1:10. AxToNtro Qviaou*,
" General in Chief of the National Army."

ATTItAORDINART CIPICUMPTAPICE.—In the month of
Ja.tstiery last, a peasant woman, residing near Homo, of
the age of sixty-nne Jean and roomer's days, was dab.
vere,l of twins, tone a hot, the other a girl : they were
baptised ituutediately after they were leen, but they
lived only akw bean. This woman had no children
doffing the nine peen previous to this entraordisery
birth.

DVS.
I •
Dublin
▪ Waterford
0 Guernsey and Jersey
0 Got tenburgh
O Haraburgh • I

•aa.
O Holland
• Flanders
O Fran'ee
O Lisbon
0 Nitta

ovs.

;• We are requested to state that the letter shied appeared
in our Paper of the Ith Inst. sigmed " J. (hurray," ori-
ginally appeared in The Carlisle Journal. and was after-
wards sent to us for Insertion in THE STATESMAN; We
accordingly inserted it as • letter to the Editor. Wear*
however informed, that oar Correvpondent intended that
its sho .Id appear as an extract from The Carlisle Jour-
eel, as it would otherwise occasion some confusion to the
Reatier.

ehe ktatedmati.
THZ BRITISH TTAT[SIIAN IS INCORPORATED WITH " THZ

•TATISWAI."

LONDON:

WEDNESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 16, 10320.
—is,.

This is a day of heartfelt grief and affliction to
the whole Royal Family, of sorrow in an especial
canner to all those who witnessed ■nd were bene-
*fitted by the private virtues of the departed Sove-
reign: and likewise a day of seriousness to all who
inhabit these kingdoms, being apprised that in the
evening of it the mortal remains of thu venerable
KIM) GEoana 111. will be committed to the silent
and sacred depository of the House of Brunswick.
The reign of this Prince has been so protracted,
that its termination has acquired a mournful no-
velty, cnd by consequence we cannot winder that
it is the subject of conversation every where, and
that persons are attracted from the greatest dis-
tances to catch a gliMpse of what but a few, com-
paratively speaking, among the living crowd, have
witnessed in the preparation for the obsequies of a
dead King.

Windsor, it is said, never exhibited any thing
like what it does at this instant.—The inconve-
niences and privations which many undergo, only
to be present on the spot where the awful ceremony
of the Royal funeral takes place, are unspeakable ;
for maay among them must return home ungratified
in their wishes. No one can wonder at this dutiful
and grateful tribute paid to the mortal part of a
Sovereign, whose private life and conduct are ac-
knowledged, by every man living, to have been
amiable and exemplary, insomuch that the pious
are in no concern for the immortal part, considering
him as a man

day evening as having happened, nitTs74,
but has only btenprematstreiy pronounced.
. . •

• -- -
So much has the curiosity of the public Ix"
excited to witness the last sad offices performed to
the remains of our late revered Sovereign, that
every room and even bed has been for some dais
bespoke by the intended visitors. The mist
enormous sums of money have been demanded kg
very indifferent accommodations. In one in,

Instance
13 guineas were refused be the use or a hid, fa"
three persons to sleep in, on the night of nil
Ronal funeral.
iresterday being appointed as the day for al.
lowing to the public free access to the apartment'
in the Palace of Windsor to view the body of the
late King lying in state, from near eleven till ha
o'clock there was a crowd of well-dressed pew
all in mourning. continually passing► thmagh the
various chambers to the Audience Chamber. tie
streets were filled with the carriages of private
gentlemen, and with post-chaises, but there was Doi
the slightest appearance of disorder.
It is understood that all the young gentlemen
Eton College are to be admitted into the Hopi
Chapel, to witness the ceremony of interment,
Ibis is said to have been determined upon at the
particular request of his present Majesty.
The Jansaica Papers state the death of Bilked
Varennes, at St. Domingo ; he died at Port al
Prince, nged 61. He took a conspielioni part it
the French revolution, and was a member ado
famous Committee of Public Safety, in 1794:
denounced Robespiere, and caused him, with u
of his associates, to be guillotined.

We presented our Heiden, on Monday. will
some intelligence from Galway, of a date so resell
as the 7th instant. Further accounts have arrived
in town, but dated February 3d. In these a v
important circumstance (if true) is related; in
thenticity we certainly must doubt,—we, however,
present It to our Readers as we have received it.
" GALWAY, Fan. 3.—Various and contradictory an
the rumours nis day, respecting an engagement whidM
stated to have taken place between a party of military,
and a large hodyof insurgents, within a mile and a ltalfet
Tnam, • hich, after a hard contested battle, ended is 11,
total dieconsfitnre of the latter. Several are reported
have been killed and wounded. Llajor Place, of thp
nth regiment, stationed in this town, who comma*
the military, we understand, has received a severe rind
in the contliet. Nineteen of these deluded wretch"se
reported to have been taken prisoners, but bare aye
yes arrived at our gaol."

By letters received from Pomerania, dated I.
140, it appears that the dealers in amber at Stop
have feceired payment of 30,000 dollars, wind
they had almost greet: up as lost for amber, which
they sent on their account to some Jewislamerchest
at Leghorn, where it arrived when that city wa
occupied by the French troops, and it was to be
feared that the amber would be taken from tboa
as Prussian property. The Jewish merchants,6lk.
ever, ccnveyed it with the utmost precaution
their warehouses, where they kept it till mire.
tanity offered of sending it to Africa for sib.
At a Meeting held at the Town• Halt, NAIL
en Monday. the 13th of September, by the Ina
Inhabitants of Calcutta, for the purpose of id* ,
into consideration the best ittOde of expradattbe
respect entertained by the Settlement for tied*
meter of the late Right Honourable Warm
Hastings, it was unanimously resolved, that
Statue be erected in that city to perpetuateis
memory, the virtues, and the public services,
this great and eminent Statesman. A Depila-
tion in consequence waited on the Marquis st
Hastings, to communicate such Resolution, ad
to solicit permission to erect the Statue in Tank-
,l square. The l'tlii.rquis received the Dopitatia
very cordially, and acceded to their request.
M. CARLO FEA, a celebrated antiquarian, be
published a letter in the Roman Journal celled la
Notizie del Gierno, in which he expresses an IP.
nion that the complete text of Ciczno's Treatise De Ift•
perblica may probably be yet found in some English b
brary. It is known that a great part of this work la
been already found in the Vatican by M. Awls
.list. The *following is the ground upon which
Fc.t has foitaded his opinion :—,lone, u Ito was
of Chartres in the twelfth century, better hams so
der the name of JOAN of Salisborv, be !saris" beefs
native of that place, makes an allusion in his we*,
entitled Polgeratievs, pier de awes Corielitm et eel.
r:is Phitosophorum, h 3. 8. rap. 3, to a paisage is
Republic. of nein°, In which the Roman Consul a
" that it was necessary for men devoted to the
service to cherish high sentiments of honour and g •
—(Akadss est Air glottis.) Henee, concludes M.
the'l'reatise De Repwelies must have been in the
session ofJoat of Salisbury. It would appear, b
that the learned Roman has nut attended to one ei

" Safe in the hand of one disposing power, •

" Or in the natal or the morti-11 boar."

We cannot learn that any account of the Quass
has been recei►ed in England during the last few
weeks, either as to her health or immediate resi-
dence. These inquiries become more important
every hour to the British public. The subject must
be treated of ere long, and largely and full•
treated of.

The arairs of Old Spain are still in obscurity,
but we may truly say, proceed in a course the very
opposite to the progress of those of New Spain.—
The former moving, as far as concerns the Govern-
men of Madrid, from bad to worse; while those of
Spanish America advance in a ratio of prosperity,
beyond the most sanguine expectations of the trans-
atlantic patriot.

Our readers, we trust, will not think the worse •
of us, for falling into so apparent mistake, the cause
of which had so general an operation. When, in
Tut STATESMAN of yesterday we announced, ac-
cording to the very strong rumour, nay, almost the
certainty from circumstantial evidence, that the
KING and certain of his advisers entertained senti-
ments and opinions so irreconcilable as to have
dissolved their connexion, and broken up the
whole council ; we were not without our reffexions
with regard to the peculiar awful moment, in which
the supposed occurrence had happened. We were
at a loss to know whom to blame on this head:
we did think that the cause of the misunderstanding
would never be done away, but that the erects
ought not to chew themselves till the sclemn and
sad obsequies of the dead Monatch were performed.
The obstacles to a cordial understanding between
the HEAD and the chief MEMBERS of the Cabinet,
we consider to be yet unremoved, and also that
they are actually irremoveable ; for we believe the
former not quite so practices/4e, and the latter not i
quite so plastic as to be moulded to any form which
may gratify power and appease resentment. Not
that we rely on any stubborn virtue of such men ;
but we never have accused them of a furiclity.—
I Though they have insulted public opinion, they are
sufficiently conscious of its weight and influence,
to prevent them from running against it, where
I they have not a shadow of defence for so doing.
!The origin of all this is a delicate question, on which
1 the " law of the case" has been enquired into.—
' That has been pronounced in writing and liters
acripta manna. Here is a dumbly record there-
, fore, out of which the most erratic of the King's
• Ministers cannot treed, if they would. They are
thee bound for once, to act like men of honesty or
virtae. It is on this ground therein*, we new angst,
'pa it, that the event "Mete. we spoke yeast.'

stance, which is, that the passage here-sputum-0111
been quoted by St. Aggestim, in his work, De AA
IM. 5, cap. IS. Thus Jon,' of Salisbury sail
bile known it, without bring indebted for his kaal
le(l7e immediately to a complete copy of Clallid
work.
ft.n B.mar Srssrnys (Tins Moristivc.)—le
tpience of this being the day appointed far the introit
of our late Sovereign, these Sessions, which wet 1
hare commenced this morning, are piroponell tit
morrow. It was first arranged, that after the Co,
met, and the Juries were sworn, they should tbrs •
jonrn, bait it was finally arranged that the Court, oil
the pregent circumstances, 'boob' not meet till lo
morrow.

Cold, cough, catarrh, sore throat, and WWI
tion of the lungs, or chest, are the complaints.
seem endemial to our variable climate, and tell
Len much exaggerated in their fatekteadalloP
the severity of the present winter. The deka
frame, and those of the domestic habit, seem/
liable to these ailments than the robust, sail
wbd are constantly exposed to the opol4lll
Damps of the wintry atmosphere appear It 1
duce these symptoms more than mere 004,
a drier air; though the N. E. wind is OM
to be loaded with these ailments. A corresPoil

anggests, at a simple defence against these an
tv4l,icli all persons might adopt, male aut.l
the use of a screen, is the manner of a vell,
cotton, or woollen, .hanging loosely,
from the hat, and covering the whole or the
The grotesque and uncommon appseneibi
atl "6.34 ordeals. however useful, We Wok I
operate decidedly against its adoption.

4CCESSIILIS TO THE THRONE.
rip so long and important as that which has
and on the accession to the throne of a new
b, it csonot but bc highly interesting to compare
'ffsaistani es under a hick his present Majesty re-
tf;• the cre". with those which characterised the
gbia predecessor. either to the statesman, to
▪ mspher. nor to the mere man of trade, ran this
be a matter of indifference. The sun of
h'lsel has advanced many degrees in the ecliptic since
of the former event : and unquestionably the
an a very eifferent aspect nor, from what it bore
Las aspect, so marked and unusual, that no man
~Thor it aithost emotion, though it may require a
I ~,":I,lweatterspy to interpret what it portends.
--r%„ woos: character and circumstances of the two
ls furnish rather a contrast than a comparison.
ofller, in the bloom of youth, was suddenly
plas from the bosom of domestic retirement, to rule
ipeoplc alto kuew little about his character, but
gb,,icserons! invested hint. iu their imaginations, with
,„i, thaig good and great that youth and royalty
••
and ushered him to the throne in the full
papii.m.ty. He had been the pupil of his Gee-
s,' sober, and of a Scotch Tory nobleman ; his habits
&gestic and regular ; he nas religious, frank, and
; a real lover of his people, but not overburdened
• baasidge, and attached to Toryisui from the prin-
• infarct into his mind by the lessons of his
. •tort. His present Majesty, on the other hand,
to long before the world, in the midst of
gown. and in the vortex of a Court. His
'ts are neither retired Nor domestic; perhaps they
mot be ueerned either regular or superstitious.
friends of his youth were decided and consistent
ifs: the pelitical exemplar whom lie chose was the
:too lux, whose gereine patriotism, command-
abilities, and liberal disposition, were the objects of
isfeigned admiration. He adhered to Whig princi-
till the lino of:ds Regency, and in retaining the Mi.
en a his rather, he candidly explained that his filial
mice induced him to pursue a course which his po-
predilections would have inclined him to alter. A
Adelinivration loss, however, from that time to
nt, continued in office; and no symptoms of
tr principles has been observed to mark the con-
do. Regent. We have said that his father was
the son trill undoubtedly be the object of the
s loyalty, but it would he dishonest to pretend
aresjo” any great popularity. His wife and his
•rst have shared the same fate, which the people,
mine, imagine they neither of them deserved. The
sf his future councils cannot be foretold; hut
tile complexion of late measures, it is hhly im-
' that goy alteration in them will take pace.

111. a..moiled the throne in the midst of a

"--1-secl difficult war: the great Frederick of Prus-
ms his ally, and the rest of Europe his enemies.
finch hail just been deprived of their Canadian
• ; hut. on the other hand, the footing of the
is ifinlostan was vet insecure. George IV.
the Crown. when every nation of Europe is in
peace, and in strict alliance with this country.
failed limes are, indeed, from being our depena-
komeetohr rivals; but Canada remains to us; and
is so far conquered, that the British power is
met pretiominant through the whole Peninsula.
the trade of this country had, in the words
Sonliett, siogniented to a surprising pitch :" com-
esai manufactures, planted in a luxuriant soil, bad
herishol is as astonishing degree, supported and pro-
mpt by the strength of onr navy, and by the industry
'se of oar people. Coussweree is now, bow-
•Nt euU more estended: .America has made immense
inagessettuanufactu red articles, of different kinds, from
asi eas returned valuable produce; though her
assunisi wan supported like that of Britain. has, in
estectorten tithe world, superseded oars. The curta-
ilment is the Bast and West Indies is also vastly en-
large& Or wasafectures, especially in the cotton de-
Panatela, fire even much extended and facilitated by
:he improreweat of the arts and sciences. The wealth
d lAe toiletry has been materially increased, and her
swerves developed and deepened.
-

kis painful to look at the reverse of the picture. All
Ike th; arts aflame have dose, the prosecution of wars
lons!one. Ihe " optic glass" may be applied to the
his yid 'Amities, as well u to the commerce of
Wm Britain. The nation has flattered itself that its
evil lias iscreased : but it has a burden on its back,
SW
lausoguicnted more rapidly than its vigour ;—a
gnat " that grows with its growth, and strengthens
. heti. strength ;" an impedtinent, in the course of
• 4. Which a thrown up, and which peace
failed to remove, . are II • r Princes, NIL
Ruts: pay like merchan sidllky V. has Aeotne
atiteglirose at that unfor . w ben wl find
eat wtomeirtithlr reduce oar, _ • ~nt, or declare
intithes insolvent. l'he ''' - • -•-• o,°w pearly
ttyit heatlnd jitii- a more na ';'v ve ia,„the- am-
asmessent 41 tik I a. The amou ' 614.ensishil is
sp
....Ik4 t even times, having advanced
ires it* millions, to above sixtv-three minima
assail: mai diet enormous tax, the poor rates,
,r
awe tliap any other thing, proves the load of
; that opptesscs the lower orders, and which, is
ens perhaps not one million, any now be cad-
t at twelve or fourteen millions annually
atimparstive estimate of the military and naval force
the country, at the two periods in review, cannot be
sOrasiviactorilv given, owing to the °se being a time
11;W the oilier of peace. We have, however, bees
•aash winnowed to a standing army, by the late
so, that a reduction comparatively trifling has takes
tst Sacs its close; and we are now paying as muck
&support of our army and navy, when at peace
fib sil the world, as we did in 1760, when at war with
dire greet powers of Europe, and fighting both in
&let and !ndja.
..,,.. CO perAr, though so different in every import-
&tiler in nothing more than in the political
ofdhe people. No administration conld be more
than that of Mr. Pitt, afterwards Lord Chatham;
• people coincided with almost every measure of
lit, and ,he voice of opposition was yet net
ariti DO those corruptions in the constitution el
' I. which have enabled Ministers always to
ke, majority, and to marry &vie own measures.
4 ~ now an extremely strong feeting in favor
;11
Perliament, and
re forted on the country
acts:- It is felt as
the fire Act of the
h• Jadgo,s independent -
Regency, should restraii
• at prin.'s* of the lir ''
apt an essilao the right of •
yed time imaneworial.
,_l6llll adi ft cossidengtit
7aosste sof eldpntry,'
„gag trill bare no ealy-sAdl t
"al of the Stet,. TOlllibte
ailfteStili 1 to rprive the trade,
hitt"La!, rosotry,
are the rea
before the eyes of a patri
ot
sem life are aware of the .
!Ilessatable difficulties, which
situated like ours.
6.4411 le° 'kith
---. to rouse a nation ,
le
inell It to patient suffetingt—that

IL ilualiocir..
