Patriot. 'ibis assertion may bo
some ports of the country ; hts
respect to the umntifactirers of
is &het eves that allay Engllr
American; so preferable ate the latter esteemed by 'or
population.

-

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
The utility of this excellent I ostitotion is deny
coming more important, and the decision which iwe
publish below, puts an end • to a vast deal of whewderstandlng :

TUB DVIIIIIION.
BALTIHORIL Nov.' 6—Whereas much inconvenNibte
has heretofore been experienced by persons enguicid
in foreign trade and slapping, for the want of slim
Denied principle respecting the delivering of rah.
west of Jones's PaIL from vessels drawing more water
titan they cart get there, therefore :
Resolved, That from and after this date, all bills of
landing foe goods or freights, sltallhe ronsidered laity
complied With (if they express nothitig eafthiiNl-'
teary), when the said goods, for which they. nee fttsr,,
shall be landed on a public re rivate Whisi In ,lIPIRI
. ,
point. , 4,1" 4'4';
—44•.-414--- ..,
the nttentirs of the pohlie ironer( tham 4.241 '4ll-
- at preseit to matters of libel. Illesideil slut
we stated on Wednesday, of tits !ear then efshk, i ,
duals, to he brought forward this wath am( * OP*.
lag is the Court of King's Bench; and moms of whom
are to be tried on two separate indicumentko,qcohlasiii
present to day the prelimiwory proceedinp its t. ..
14
w
tions in the Courts pf Soothed, brought by dieting
ed individuals, for defamation against. thepropriekull
of periodical publiestions in that r. Of fite
latter easel the one is that of Lora tiIIitIILDPA•
MILTON against the proprietors of fii The 44.9110;
which, like its precursor " lire .lola iiliriAleal-1
been established with a view to' defamersoVl44,,
timidete every person, and especially- of dististibon,
...
who was disposed to pay trap*, !wool I+ ilitts•:.
I toted Wien, and which bad Iliaila4.4lll 010111,44tir
of Lord ARCHIBALD HAMILTOX as the luallitradli Pc
culiar :malignity. The other case is thildirPlolllohoe
1 lama of Edinburgh, a man unrivalled iti'titti liSsunt
day for his eminence in mathematics tind.h4 have-
dons in chemical and natural philosophy, awl, wlsohe-
ing no less distinguished for the liberate,' of ;his senti-
ments and the independence of hit pritscipee•maitentiewi
and other subjects,had Imams the obieet of the envy MM,alu
malevolence both of the despotic and the sishasfal..—
Against him the envenomed shafts of the sordid ;Plea
cause antiquated abuses had longest' frecomatlysbuto
leveUed, and, in the instance

oat of the Magazine
la' tued-for
friends of political «go
of Lord AR,IIIIIkID Ha.
therefore, will be eormidered sot, az others way
aiming to restrain the wholesome freedom of the pros
employed on subjects of a public eater', and essential
to the discussion and diffusion of>troths that arehetn-
eating to Britons in general, or mankind at large. Se.
tween the calumny of private character, and the loves-
dipole!' of political and religions principle, the diarist..
once is so obvious as scarcely needs to be -stated. la
the former, the feelings of individuals arisdoigood!is
wantonly and maliciously wonoded, and injuries, per-
haps inflicted, for which so compensation can .be
tained. In the other, a freedom is ezereised whickle
offensive only to those whose opinions will 'jell
stand the, test of scrutiny, but which, perhaps, it
absolutely necessary for the promotion of the
highest interests of the public. In this case,
the friends of political and religious reiwaiatiomOdil
contend with zeal as for their highest privilege.
Without It, they never could have emerged free the
debasing slavery of arbitrary power or of pipit& arena
pagan superstition ; and, unless they assert sad ''ester-"
cis' h, whenever occasion requires, they will infal-
libly become degraded. M a period when. in rosy
quarter of the globe. mankind are rapitilira`ed-.
vascing in knowledge. and. in Portegal. Spain.
and Once., throwing off the shackles of despotisms ;
it they appear Ate unwarrantable fear: to suspect that
who set the first end brighteo eugapha. to
tidier nations, in their religious Pmfarmosaiiii a
that iteroldtibn, should be Itlttirktrtialtesoe)..th
birth-right they had acquired from the* *seesaw.
But though ignorance Is new dispelled. the inlinave
of corruption and the dark designs of sordid interest •
and insidious despotism are still as broil* against
tl.e cause of liberty as ever. Us the specific
cases pending. we abstain from reMark.
would be to interfere with that exercise, in our sacred.
tribunals, of the invaluable principle for which we
contend. We cumin, however. &wheat to relit +r'
the effect of the decision of the highest Coin of
judicator, is proposed to be evaded., it>r Zip base
that recently occurred. A meeting.
!odd at Liverpool for the purpose of openki
seriptioa to indemnify the Bev. Mr. BLACOW (4°
pecuniary losses he has atomised by the proCestlinge
Instituted against him fur his infaammui libel against

i

his persecuted *MEN !!!
We shall soon see a specimen el the tfarlip, if
the sew Viceroy of Ireland. We shall etta ern
whether Irish peace pr Irish prosperity is ose."l itert.
Aced I. igaorance and resentment. it spemli° Ispita!
for the Irish people to be gorbraed by the Masao sr
the Grand Seigaer, than as they hare Iteeni; for
they might then lire la a . state of zyeacefuk slavery.
But, to raise espectatien high. only to maks disap-

pa.ooo hitherto load to hope bigots possessing
all the prejudice of ignorance, andint.lllTiliet the nerds
of intolerance in the hot-bid of persecutive ? The
statism books exhibit a swim picture of Christian In-
utility and forbearance towards Ireland: The Earl of
Brian lose his arodit, became be did osicotondt more
military 'porde', and einfintatioas in 'Mated 01 11111 *6
Pindece:eore. enotswaLnopealy plandered the "MA
people of Ad, estates, tad iteMorred rhea sass his
soldier*. But the high Anish was left to the Datelr
maa sadists followers. They pram:tied that ssillitoes
'hatred awl persenotioo that here shim been ea India-
mimes* followed.'" bp who haws COMP
raged divisidoe and occasiooed imalrordinations. But
Ireland and England mast Wet as they are now go-
warned s and the nen who can sire either fins 1W ap-
pronebing ettrisoire rise tionowliti ban so 104 41011
tasted to testae, loth eouutEbiritiethe- Ma*
. .
Oleos of Wits.s.natar eifest soy ;hone 'for the, better.
the bosom will be all his own. Wielid led viadic•
rive talus, holding the elestalso .of • Ireland in their
iteeping..will, for evitY pordnee ea itiOnare of ma-
nge and of warder; 'lf tietEoblellicipiiiiikipmins to
Ism) Air woofs& or biased, imsalniso WWI" bruptire
lof baring his ears pshsaed by them who tilliediVisitad
,his entre ioci thwilorennomit. lit bls urn;tree
be would tbrplagoe. They live upon Irish penes,-
ties, and birelmere %helot, MIN a it. Theta In no
Owlet the world whim • pod landlord. • • goad
'•eighboar. or a kind awe to .snorn beloved than la
Kam persectited country. Let him then try die effect
of kinder*, ou the Irish penvantry : he'll And it much
bierocd velgar caleislutos. -As • case in point, we
refer our readers' to a 'trial lit% Common Pleas. bah-
`,lin, ow thn-bib inst. Inserted In ;mother part of this
paper; a .case by so avian aiiiiisoisoW •is Ireladdi
where the syraully awl opreeniow of enhldie-men ate
eieuiplifiest in as extraio miry liWkn'er.

OISSALTAS. NOII, Ti First 1. _leutenant of the
Heroine. Emenos-Ayrean corrects, pit is here for re-
pairs. was formerly a Lieutenant in the AetiVEt frigate,
which arrivedikees a few days ago with our sew Ho-
veriber, the Earl of Chatham. Hit Lordship has at-
tended the naarniag sward parade, which it early; he
;bee made seals alterations in the mitnialstration of the
place. by dicectiag every thing to be contacted
throng% the proper channels. and the Gement is now
.totPeakibte. As Ctiker appeared en ditty tit the 60.,
veraor's Is &great coat, sad he was told that his Gore-
mad only receive officers in uniforms, or persona
dry. 1
that the Run
Petetas
is said. the
goods are so
as 1161111011111 to as aims* prohibition.
l'he soembaiediess of other *ado.s ate, rove or less,
;Deluded in this Meese.
The following is an extract of *private letter from
Vienne. writte• by a fleatlemas who boe resided se-
veral months is that capital :--
Vienna, Dec. I.—" If, indeed, the Emperor Alex-
meter has lied the address to stir tp the Persians against
.the Turks, isetould certainly not have adopted a wised
latlntee. It seems the general opinion here that bishad
*strong isaniserrng after war. bat was prevented from
cosnimpocing it by the Allied Powers. 'few people doubt.
his or his strength,as far as such an meal
se Turkey Is concersed s vet there are some who main.
fain that be devotes himself eartosively to the interval
improvement of his empire. He has certainly institnted
periodical slows of nsaanfeetures, like those annually
held in the. Louvre. at Paris. and he Inspects them in per-
son t but if 1 mistake not, he has views- beyond these.
and meditates, at oat time or other. the rule, by force
orinfluenee, at least, of continental &rope...
o The Weeks are in a deplorable condition, ee far as
we can learn, but it is not safe to re)y titles any lobe
-
'nation where so many parties are interested in misre-
presentation. A few days ageopienrs was circulated that
they had gained a great vtetory„ hat even the scene of
action was not named. and the credit it received for a
few hours, has died away entirely.
Dispatches have been received by our Cabinet. from
Spain, several times within the last fortnight ; bat their
contents are not allowed to escape. They have led to
the conjecture that YertEmand VlLlas regained the as-
sistance of Austria against his subjects, in the lame way
the King of Nipples weal:placed upon hie theme. if
so. which is not at all improbable. after wholes, pawed.
we should mill bare something to keep our Weds alive
OE the Cootinept."
. Lintels havabesa received froisSlr. Rieltheek of the
`llllloals. Riving an atemsat the vasorogiTo. ea&
AM the lest sindop scats eboiramiloPieht.
Trruse.....We are authorised state. that it is the
Intention of Mr. -Homo to bring this *abject under
Parliamentary amasiAeratios its the nest.Ssosioa. Asa
we are authorised to say/ that Mr. House and those •
gentlemen who mean to support him, are aniions to
receive statements of facts. relative to the question.
authenticated by real sigastanrs. Any rointeanien
don which we may receive. either for prbileation or
transmission to Mr. Hawn. shall receive most prompt
and careful attention..i-4(frodfiss .
The followistg is a epetlinen eltlicinannerin which.
the Dubha tradesmen. 'percolate on the adniinistnition
d their new Vice • Roy :".1 Lard Wellesley, it is.
L Imagined. will budge his public itotry into this city on
Ate 17th. We kern. from. tie best gatherity..that he
ibas ordered no equipage. loteading to give
Irish trailesawa the benefit Of the esthe ezpenditure
Obis (mgt. Thom can be no doubt that the old
peddling system of .saving and acatouslatioo will be
abolished is his Curs. The Marquess is a Nobleman
it priately habits n sad evert shilling of his omce.
is ir#ll ai his private fortune. will. the public may
test *Seared, be epees in this country is s way suitable
the eepresentative of Majesty."—{lieUin Sebniog
NSAI,II4TAS dividetbd due Oa the Ist
et Jasper. nest, will be paid by Mr. N. 14.- Roth*
on oath hoods Si kayo been weariest-if by bins,
fat his touting been in Ildervocestrt. lk. Ihrkibies-lane,
'oll` and -after the said illy, between the hours et tin
And two. . •


!I' OF'

PRItJeRt.

. V. annw, AT Ikaa ritaaacumet or cot.. ammr..
This was a prosecution imitated by. Col. gaillk
**mime the defendant for perlaryi• In beviii prey
!tette aSt4tamitteraf the Sere of Comm* l et the
Colonel had offered' farliiit
for his Tote at an Election far *bd.
Cohluet. Millie was $ lilfatilikoov•
lIE=
Were culled on the part of the preeedslias, sad goo
the defendant. '''Ag)ati 1
Colonel &Mid underwent' a entre erosfkisia
tion, in order if possible to elicit frenkithan
of his hiring proetised or offered, is
other.. money, 19 Thew and et &L.
Totes. i ' o't" x--
Ms.,Tvidon on the part t
gal eiljections to the varies* a the T"""
but they were overrulesk,—,Y
1...—.; . N 4.,.
The case of the King ts, PAY ad ad en
ballast one o'clock. Anwar the names ef
sensamsnod Arras that if Alderman °annum -1;0
;being objected to on aidoest of II „ins e
'Welsher. ,of the " Coll.stillOknal . , - !is
Jury wasrespaneited to ancortain wk
twiny a member ot thuttute of the
when odr Reporter lefrthe Coirt. ' !

• -
givnea Tthrernotairseiewedryfil,"‘is kieregardaa""llwab"he the
•
?v.:That:lt
o.flwei"ftu:seetitelosenthrietshoeffobigiettat'his:eClealthdintolikar,:iwiteaeb.2l4:o:lenerithire.
`sees denies that he has ever honed himself by
gegement how to swerve' is say maasereedmplid:
his independence. Reasserts his attsekinws wt.
King and Constitution,: sod roksro toil aothouit
terperter of his pollen:1i1 opiainent.
. _
Cotictitt Da stn.—The Lord Chef
has made as important desiaion es to the
which the holders of Local Gawk Nowise to
forward them for payment, after hiviag thew;
which is, that holders are not bound to belittles el
till the dog after that on which they are.
The plaintiff in the cue which prodoced
obtained a verdict of 4901.—thst being tie some
he held in Newbury Old Bank Notes. Wish hat
'.topped payment before he could bay, them pelliss(
for payment, by the dehy of one day.
By the singular testamentary diepositieagionlto •
mean property by %below Da. Bums*, Vleriseiellst
Trinity College, Duhlfe, is iopeare that
Isere left to the present Provost, Dr. avid ol D
Lloyd, one of the senior Fellows. is trust, for thesis
ble uses, without any specification; also VW alma
the Chief Porter, who was 'present at his nuking his
will in Isis last moments ; while bet' tut. altar ell
was left to his four seices, vim are is posit time.
stances, aml with whom he maintained as snits% s
intercourse during lite, as a miser could amitosis sift
his 0021 relatives. It is sow 1111d111400dp that es ti
Ms Deices. who has two children, was not mentiseri
IL4st•sko will at alto eset flats corset basins eaten&
phis brother, by erlthel the execsteei sustertlto wilts
prevented from adniksistering to it.
will be to compel clip executors (the padDer-
lat Lloyd) to lodge/the money is Omit. (fie thee&
`the will must be sat aside. un the growls' alludes,
Which the relatives expect to be Wei. pave; semi
of the most eminent Counsel base offereitheir tension
UP the brother.
MA2111.102 Bean Liege...By' epeeist 'hew
.on Monday evening last, at the niaosioo of the NS
Ilion. Lord Stewart, at Wynyord, Sir Henry Iholtr:
'C.C.S., and one of the Representatives oldie Gil!'(
'l, Durham, to Lady Emily Jame James. sister
I Most Noble the Marquess of Londonderry, •
Willi% %ND CR AO BRlnce.—This magoifireoi
dertaking may now be said to be almost aecemoht
ed, awl three noble arches open a broad sod spoke
way over that apspendosts chasm, which natures wot
to present as an insurmountable barrier to the pte
gross of the traveller. Its altitude is said to kir
riot to that of any other bridge in (treat Mails*
the view from its centre, in point of beauty sod dd.
Inky of scenery. cannot be excelltis These, to
ever, are minor considerations when contrasted
vii
its utility, serving as it sloes, as a useful audios d
communication on the Clydesdale and USW la"
which diverging from the west end of the hrldoell
oyes by one route a new comtuenieation henries l'at
lisle and Dlasgow, and by another between the esti"
England and north of Scotland. These grestaa7,
with the numerous bridges, canals, and other
improvements of a similar description, now hirer,
is the country, owe their origin, at least their Po
immedia.e commandment, to the late pressers of de
times. which induced publis4pirited intliridells 0
make serrations exertions. sod considerable suithes
in order-to lied hread ad employment for the isdo
rations laliss. rer and aflame.
• t
T. Patra's 4 TlllllO A atere••• S
PIZ'S Church yard exhibited a woe 40( greas'
bustle sad gaiety. In conseqeswo of the ale,
lipearanee of the Union jack standard. 00 ...14.ts °`
tit poles which compose the
log of the Cathedral steeple. This beill "..7
that the freesias of the ,new ball lad trues wee
mewed. great crowds assembled in the elm%
owl Ist
even on the roofs of houses ; and teleocopes
is iimme4jolo reqtlisition, with a hove of obtale10117;11
a alien:so of whet was passing above ; het to"
_.fliciot
purpose. as the view was greatly Impeded by
nese of the scaffolding. The dap Awe rr-
fetrfal..s_cand
feet long, appeared about the vise
as it waved to and fro, on its fearful
A correspondent informs tt4 the
Csonbe St. Nichetas. near Chard. I
the estate of the late ales. Sarah
no doubt that he will prove the
fps aunt.—(DatA Chronicle.)
Monday night the three game.
IN., of Tidsoveth. neer
1111eite.1 by poachers; a scut& it
which ended in one of the keepers
and the other 6110 were se deeperst
their recovery la silverly expected.
left behind thous two f.swlitog
may lead to &discovery.
Itiasoi. Nov. tr?.—The duty
duces' to 3d reels' per quintal.
72: in Spanish vessels, ii only

I

•

. ,
TH4 TAT :limit., .
__.....:.,_,
m ssrrect, as ergs a is pi grepg, Is s refinement ties railtyitaml is it)i It CH
w4l -
lit Is issserrilik It :
.111 i RS tlie)nild system ofliojiail, w re the
the cistern Stites. it 'basks 4 as* victims are allowed to heal befOre the
lona v
__ . ..._,. __ -- tr.ist.sAt Wks! 111112,1116 WA - in.:.

ship mod amp noun gumming Ho
'taste aow ""I'm is full dress. Thomases is sausitally dry
I IlLar swot" *MeV alomm w mitioves 'chair A.
ish4 sett'. estfils~rlfieffoirars4'unpass tltt
reliitiuus tuna burgh; with thy we* Tariff. is It
d de. arida manufacturedp
suivrox said tkofesseu Laws, new _wile
halm as is imam to se mgr..

F. which is show if,
se of s sheet et pr.
palsl asisesse.
that Mr. IC Mos L
I. bee ask &NO
eh ilussi. ssi ig
deceased Oats 00
isekeeptes of Attie
par Andslit, wets!
is supposed tosir.,
pert being fist IP
aerstely wend.i
ted. The rieresit_i
Wes, visit's it it Wr
en Itsylislt 0411 V,
which formerly ri
psys'4o reale.
•
