AMMAN.

E.S 10 TIII3 LIVERY OY LONDON. UN THE
b.FI E RE-ELECTION OF SIR W. CI
Oli ! shame upon you Liverymen!
For voting as you've thine ;
1 mere sacrific'd consistency
Of principle, for " fun;"
The City •' Clog" vow shakes his sid..s,
Ilk friends laugh in their sleeves;
1i hit t e% era holiest upright man,
Bang, down his head and grieve,.
The moving IC4ointain you've reptic:d,
Will ne'er bring forth a mouse;
Bell sit the butt of ridicule.
Fur both sides of the Bowie;
We'll seldom rise, but when hr does.
•toil opts his mouth to speak,
tiniwat.nt's Clown will nut wove more,
Nor RUSSELL.% Jerry Snrak.
Their progress oft insipid gets,
From pro sin; lung debates.
W hen Oco NICK" hums ten figure sums.
With ....lions names and dates:
They'll doubtless thank you fur the mirth,
But never will admit
•
Their facilities made risible,
By arguments or wit.
You know, or tiaght to know by this.
That he is fund of pelf
That all Biel he's done hitherto,
Has been done for himself ;
That contracts. jobs, and orphan funds,
Ilea left him wherewithal.
Ti' pay and treat his Committee
Of worthies, great and small.
You can't approve the late attempt
Ile made with all his might,
To rob you of a privilege.
A just and "mewed right ;
Yet him as representative.
You have agreed to send ;
Instead of that tried Champion,
11.110 all your rights defend.
And )ou, who split the thousand votes,
By giving tote to each,
How square you, this with principle?
Or are tuu it to teach !
1 pity you! I do. indeed.
As poor deluded elves!
And wish you soon deliverance from
The enemy— Yanrselers!
April ti. ISeO T.

slavery. Rut, Sir, what will hie the consequente
when the executive power becomes so vilely cor-
rupt that the great body of the people, in whom
chiefly the legislature resides, are exaspeFated to
rebellion I Here, Sir is a clashing of the two
powers, and a most terrible convulsion must ensoc.
That such a convulsion will endanger the Constitu- '
tion, is doubtful ; that it will cause much misery
to the nation, is certain. To avert this evil, Sir, a
spirit of the most exalted patriotism must be revi-
ved ; such a spirit alone can regenerate an imbe-
cile Ministry ; and the regeneration alone of the
Ministry can dispel the licentiousness of the people.
BRUTUS.

TO TIDE EDITOR OF THE ST.ITESNAN.

A FRII ND TO JUSTICE.

dipri/ 12, 1n21.1.

THE ST.ITE PRISONERS.

The Jo.lgo' appointed under !lie Special Comtnissiep
to try the State prisoners. will proceed on Saturday to
the Clerkeiini 11, for the purpose of
adjourning the Court (which, it will be recollected, when
it last met, was appointed to re-asseilibh• on the 15th
inst.) to a future day. Their Liirdships will then go on
to the :,:-ssions-house, in the Old Bailey, when the II
prisoners against whom hills of indictment have been
found for la treason, will he arraigned. After their
pleas have liven received, the next step will be to ask
them whether they will conjoin in their challenges of
the Jury, or challenge separately? If they agree to
challenge collectively, which is extremely improbable, •
tSey will be tried together, but if they persist in their
right to challenge separately, then they will take their
trials in succession, and Arthur Thistlewood will he list
fut to the bar. The Commission will be adjourned
rom Saturday till Monday morning, when the trials
will commence.
The applications for admission to the Court to be
present at the trials have been extremely numerous, and
we nnderstand far beyond the possibility of IIIeCOUIIIIW
dation. It was thought that those persons echo have
; the superintendence of the arrangemen on Ws occa-
sion, world, ke the first instance, have it their
to provide ;reit facility fur the *kiwi of t
tlemen connected with the public p "ft a
however, that whatever may hare b. ra e wish of
some respectable individuals on this subject, them is
one gentleman who opposes any such regulations, and
who has actually resolvril to exclude the Reporters front
that part of the Court to which they have hitherto hail
constant access. Whether the obstinate disposition of
the gentleman is to supersede the authority and good
sense of those, who, in point of fact, possess a superior
power in the Court, is yet to be decided.
Orders have been given to 51r. Brown, the gaoler of
Newgate, to prepare rooms for the reception of the pri-
soners. This has been done, and they are to be placed
in wards on the north side of the prison. There will he
several of them in one roeni together, so Iltat they will
be permitted to have that personal coninsubiration with
each other whirl) has hitherto been infetellieleil. The
re ttttt cal of the seven prisoners in the Towefk and of the
four in Cold-bath-fields prison, will teke4ilece in the
course of this day. They will he conveyed in hackney-
roaches, and escorted by troops of tae Horse tileartis.
They will remain in Newgate until their trials shall be
brought to a conclusion.
Adams (a witness fur the Crown), Symonds, George.
Hall, and Firth, against whom no bills of indictment
have been found, will remain in custody till the brand
Jury shall be discharged. Firth, n Ito, it will be recol-
lreeed, we stated to be seriously indisposed, in (OHM.-
wore of the alarm which be felt from the situation in
which he was placed, has, since
ignored by the Grand Jury, secox
now in a state of convalescence.
sowers live very comfortably, and,
the restraint upon their liberties,
net the slightest reason tio 01111111ai

TO Till MAIM IMF TIM SI:MS.II4.Y.

SlR—Patriotism springs from the love of mall
glory. To speak strictly. no man ever preferred
the interests of his country to his own, though I
ti.any a man has acted as if he did. The truth of
hich is evident from this:—" That the most dis-
interested Statesman would feel much more anxiety
from the prospect of the amputation of a limb,
than from the contemplation of many thousands of
his countrymen doomed to destruction by an im-
pending war." It is the love of glory, the con-
sciousness of being approved and admired by a
whole uation, that makes the patriot neglect every
interest but that of his country : this done, c•im-
pensates every loss ; neither fortune, nor even life
itself, seems too dear a price for glory. Lest this
theory should seem to annihilate the merit of pa
triotisin, let it be renumbered, that the noblest
souls alone consider glory as a compensation for!
every private lusa--tWirtiore the noble/ souls
alone can be the seats.of patriotism.
There is certainly, Sir, in modern manners, a
contemptible softness—a petty delicacy, very un-
favourable to the growth of patriotism. This is a
.1
v rtue peculiar to less refilled ages: it fiourished
next in the early period of the republics of Greece
and Rome. Where the luxuries of life were de-
st.sed. and its conveniences even undervalued, real
glory became the sole object of ambition. M'llen
Greece had been corrupted by the gold of Persia,
and Rome, by the spoils of Asia, patriotism and free-
dom soon vanished. Luxury cannot operate more
fatally, than by holding up, as the rewards of am-
blies, objects totally foreign to real glory
Have we not, Sir, too much reason to suspect
that this is the case in our own country I We
have tong been a commercial—even a luxurious
nation. To deny that we have men ambitious of
glory, would be absurd ; but, Sir, the misfortune
is, that they miserably mistake the road to glory.
Cuero tells us, Est giorifs lows recce faclorum,
magnorwmq : in rempublicam meritorum, quce
cum optime ctijuaque, tuna thorn multiludinis tea-
iimonto comprebater.—ls this the glory sought
after by the pre..ent administration I Or is it
not rather the pride of riches, the insolence
of power, the extensive patronage of office, that
prompts their labours and animates their eloquence?
A miserable phantom of glory, consisting in name,
not in reality—in ostentation, not iu action. Did
Brutus and Alaulius order to execution their own
sons? Did the second Brutus slay his best friend ?
Timoleon his own brother? All for their coun-
tries good. And shall a Minister of Great Britain
he so dead to real glory as to refine, when the ne-
cessities of his country call aloud upon him, to re-
trench the sinecures of Insignitlcaut dependents
But, Sir, the love of real glory has deserted this land.
I know not whether such a patriot as I have Ixen
describing, can be found. It is certain that even
the leaders of the Radical party have a much
better title to that sacred name, than their oppo-
nents in the Administration ;—an Administration
made up of bribery, imbecility, and apostacy.
That change, Sir, must ever be suspicious which
exactly coincides with the proffer of office. Would
not the real patriot, supposing a conscientious
change of his sentiments, in accepting an office,
have spurned the emolument ! But what can we
expect, when power and money are the sole ob-
jects
of ambition? Sir, the noble seutinients of i
antiquity are falling into contempt, and when ap- ;
plied to twisting circumstanced, are derided as
signs of inexperience and youth. Alas ! if we grow
old and experienced only to grow base, Heaven
avert an aged Ministry !
Montesquieu, Sir, has predicted, that the Con-1
al:tution of this country will perish whenever the
legislative power becomes more corrupt than the
executive. But Sir, as long as an excessive spirit
of liberty reigns among the people, and as long as
the people maintain their due share in the legisla-
ture, the legislative power never can become cor-
rupt ; therefore the ruin of the Constitution is still,
trust, distant. Indeed, tech a calamity as this
must be the gradual effect of time ; there will be
uo clashing of the two powers, no convulsion: but
We shall siuk imperceptibly iuto the most abject

Dn. Tnnstas Blown.—h is
Mayfair was seen in our obituary
pain of adding to it that of Proles
who. for Amenity of manners, kid
the pulitirs which endear in
be sided the younger brother
They were both possessed of hi
both ardent lovers of letters.
bitted to the progress of phi
the one in physics, the other stil
philosophy of the human mind. s.
of domestic and private life Ik. Brown was most
exemplary. A most anxiously kind and tender bro-
ther, a sure friend, a delightful companion. To re-
finement of manners—to all that forms the gentle-
man, be added all that distinguishes the man. Every
one, from the most fashionable to the oast lowly,
knew where to find him, and how they would find him.
He was losed by many, and respected by all ; but his
ambition was to add something to that "mass of useful
truths which is eternal, and to which each individual
carries his particular tribute, in the certainty that no
power can retrench the smallest fraction from the great
perishable treasure."
Fiat.—Yesterday !morning, about one o'clock, a de-
structive lire broke out in the house ofil/rs. iteekeridge,
obeesernotiger, 8.1, Radcliffe-highway. It first broke out
In a room on the ground floor, and hod gained cousider-
able strength before it was discovered, the family being
all in lied. They were alarmed by the watchman, and
luckily escaped with their lives, in a state of nudity,
by getting down ladders, which were placed against the
first Rope windows. The house, together with the stork
in trade, were, In a short time, entirely destroyed. The
dames commouicated to the adjoining house, occupied
by Mr. Coney, corset and stay manufacturer, which,
being chiefly composed of wood, was rompletely gutted,
and the greater part of the property destroyed, before
the arrival of the engines. The lire was at length sub-
dued. and the adjoining houses saved from sharing a
like fate, by a plentiful sopply of water, axed the prompt
exertions of the firemen.

CEIRLSTIAN KNOWLEDGE.

The Lomita,' Anniversary Festival of the Society for
Propagating Christian Knowledge in the Highlands and
Islands of Scotland, was celebrated yesterday at ti=eAlbion, Aldersgate-street, by many of the natives &Id
friends of Scotland. The Duke of Sussex was in the
chair, supported by Sir W. Orant, the late Muter of the
Rolls (whom we were happy to see in apparently excel-
lent health), and the Lord Mayor. Many most respect-
able 31embers of the Clergy of the Church of Scotland,
who forums the deputation to present an Address from
that respected body to the King, were also present.
At six o'clock the company sat down to an ekcellent
dinner.
After the usual toasts,
The ROT L Cnatasi•ts rose to propose the. toast,
Prosperity to the Society," which he prefaced by some
remarks on the nature and origin of the Institution. His
SIR—It has been a subject of real concern to Royal Highness, in the course of his speech, made a
the true friends of impartial justice, that the Lon- feellog allusion to the support the Society bad received
don and provincial joutattls, with very few excep- from the activity and zeal of his late Illustrious Brother,
lions, have, by their observations, and the epithets and trusted that his memory would he found to be as
employed against Thistlewootl and his associates, beneficial as his presence would undoubtedly have been.
The toast was drank with loud applause.
very unfairly prejudiced the case. Law, and can. I "'the memory of the late fluke of Kent and Strathern"
dour too, presume that every man is innocent till was drank in respectful silence.
he is found guilty ; and, with respect to the al- " The Kirk of Scotland" having been drank,
legcd ()Vence of these !lefties, most persons seete MserattLasta returned thanks, and said, that he
to forget the developement of the koil of took a peculiar interest in the affairs of the Institution,
Castles, Oliver, &c. ; even Mr. lbw& Vr. .I,as kis father, sixty years ago, hail made a minute survey
and, 1 believe, Sir Francis Btirsit:tt, are made lof the Highlands, on the memoranda of which time Insti-
tution still proceeded; and as he himself, in thirty
use very improper language when referring to the
rs yea attention to the duties of his profession, had 1.5 a
Cato-street affair.
The PowttY of the men ought particular opportunities of observing the usefulness of
not, surely, to subject them to opprobrium, from • the Society, he assured the company that his 'welters
the lips of a Reformer at any rate. A very loyal in Semiarid warmly felt the assistance which they WI
man, and a render of a violent Ministerial Paper'derived from the London Branch of the Society.
T Rcohrieaft.lCl II Nyrao
too, made me this reply the other day, when tiosedh thefCcitx
Lot* London
I salted for his opinion, " I shall surpend my judg-
ment till both sides are heard."—" Relermers, and
giaillts
on. the encouragement Which hr ptrheeainehalivitAanntesu of
this vast metropolis afforded to • charity, however
go and do likewise." remote the objects of it might be frtnn their own imme-
diate connections.
The Loco %visa returned thanks, and observed, that
as the city of London, in its commercial prosiwrity and
general happiness, afforded a striking proof of the be-
neficent effects of the Christian Religion, lie should al-
ways feel it Isis duty to do leis utmost to promote those
principles.
On the health of the Vice-Presidents being drank,
Sir W. linsvr (one of them), returned thanks in a
warns and animated manner, mid assured the company
that as long as leis as•i•tatire was worth acceptance ft
shoo,' be at the (ll•pums I of the tisocirty.
Liberal subscriptions were allaollneed.
Many songs were given by Me . Pyne, Taylor,
Broadhurst, and other professitwal Eetitlemen. and the
company continued together to a late hour.

RARTIIKAKR .11' CORK.

Between the hours of two and three o'clock on Tues-
day morning, a shock of an earthspiake was sensibly felt
at love, Abutla, Middleton, and the neighbourhood of
the baritones mouth. We have had a minute detail of
the circumstances attending it at Cove, from a gentle-
man of the highest respectability, residing in that quar-
ter.—At about half after two o clock a noise was heard
like the rumbling of a heavy carriage, accompanying
which was • very sensible shaftlag of the house, bed, and
&miters., which lastcsl about eigistilf ten seconds; dor-
' ing the time a 09 continstatice, lame of the aorrants of
the house state that they with ditgeulty preserved them-
selves front bring shook ont of the twil--in particular a
nurse, whose attention to an infant rendered her more
liable to such an accident. Immediately after the shock,
water was slashed against the lied-room windows, in
such a quantity as to convey the notion that it was
thrown at the glass out of vessels. To some persons the
noise which accompanied the shock resembled the re-
port of a great gun.
At Hanlhowline Island the sensation was very terrific.
The watch-house there is built with immense masses of
lime-.tone, many of them weighing some hundreds; these,
It appeared to the persons in the house, shook in such a
manner as to create fears of their tumbling down, and
made them run into the open air and fall prostrate. At
Ahatla, opposite love, the noise heard was such ai re-
sembled the tiring of cannon, anti many there, but for
the early hour, were inclined to think it proceeded front
the morning gun in the harbour.
In the town of Middleton the shock was not less
severe than in Cork harbour. In one house a bed was
shook so violently as to cause the person who lay in it to
jump up, antler an impression that the floor under was
Biting way; the water-jug was thrown on its side, and
the cover shaken off a tea-pot which lay on a shelf its
' the bed-rotnn. Many persons thought it must have pro-
ceeded from some explosion of gunpowder, at Cove or
Spike Island, and for a great part of the day were most
ear frosts their friends there.
Instep with whom we have conversed, and
the immediate vicinity of this city, states,
le did nut experience the quaking of the
nevertheless heard the accompanying noise,
•snce recognized as extraordinary.
probable conjecture is, that some more trio-
s taken place elsewhere, and that details of
calamity mar he daily expected. Previous
of the awful and destructive earthquake
isbon in ruins in the year 1755, like sea-
felt in Cove, and the entire roast at that
\ wait with no ordinary anxiety to learn if any
..uutitteot have &Weil under a like visits.
present.—(Cork Mercantile Chromic/L., "litril 7.)

111-0, A reor TT. —Letters from Angora-
lame contain the following account of an horrible out-
rage committed near Confiders young couple, who
were on the point of being married, went together to
invite their relations to the nuptials. The girl was
mounted upon her lover's horse, followed by him on
foot. On their arrival at a village, 11 here the young
man wanted to see some person, lie left his destined
bride to wait his return in the mad. Immediately af-
terwards, three ruffians arrived, who, after 'grossly in-
sulting the young girl, obliged her to alight from the
horse, stripped her raked, committed outrages on her
person, which decency will not permit us to relate, and
threatened to murder her ; they then killed the horse,
cut open his belly, took out the entrails, and in their
place put the unfortunate voting woman, sewed up the
animal's skin, and made off. Some children who were
passing by afterwards heard cries issuing from the buiv-
els of the horse, and immediately ran in great fright to ,
tell their parents that the devil was in a dead horse lying
on the road. In the mean time the young man arrived.
and heard the groans of his expiring mistress. She
was dragged out of the horrid situation where the vil-
lains bail placed her, and transported to the nearest
barn, where every attention was paid to her. The po-
lite set directly about pursuing the horrid monsters who
had committed an offence new In the annals of crime,
and were fortunate enough to meet them. The, were
recognised by the young woman upon cowfrentadem.—
The unfortunate victim could not survive the outrages
which had been perpetrates: upon her, and expired tire
days afterwards.

g - .
.e the bill ageing( hint was , anxious to hear
covered his health, and is 1 One Gentlen
ce. The whole of the pri-
who resigles in
intl. with-Ike except' of that though hi
I
ties. admit that they have 1. shark, he „,.„
uplain. a 1 which heat ow.
I The more pre
not 10 "Cei W 113 e named lent shock has
try; and we dire PO t.gke sum, dreadful i
lessor Dr. Thomas 1 to the „.ou et
kindness of harts ma les,,,l4esich hail I,isl
in prigs* UP. may WCIT rations were fe
r of Prviniff. haytair, aide.and ,„,,.
highly liffittiMr Mall ; , i parts of the uo
a. and WA Noe seater Iron at present.
philesopfl sod Beiges.;
dill more eminently in the
incl. he all the righlilollll i AN UNHZ.I*
