FrrATtONIAIt

the inalienable right of man to have a voice
In the making of these laws by which the
security of his person, properlyijmk character
ore affected, it is certainly a *opt; modifying
*me of things for men this privilegad.4o perceive
that "of the forty-five Members rot-melting laws
sent frier Scotland, fifteen ore chosen by sisty-three
omen," sod that of the rest of the component parts
of oar present House of Commons, " one boodred
Peers pet In two hundred voters, although therals,
positive Stabile that we Peen can interfere le
tliefeettoa of a Courinoier." The abuse of the
Pablie tsioaey is equally flagrant and indisietable
us, the gnlawfjl traffic in seats.—With these stroll*.
facto before them, it is impossible for any ewe tb.
hey ,the necessity of a Radical Reform; and •it
teaming for the country again universally td &hind
thejestice to which it istso dearly entitled. '
• ivid,:dai lwar...aing tie Dukes of YORK and CLA
asanost,;, and Primo of Hossa-Homiuma, visited her
AJWIT at the ,Qtseen'a.poloo.. Tao Doom of
GKOUCRSTIR dined with her Maisvry yeskprdsp. In
the eve*ing her MAMTK had a select petty.
Yesterday the Earl. of LIVRRFOOL and Viscount
CASTLSKIAOII had ampasees of the PRISMS RRORNT
at Carlton-house,

The Priem of HEsse.iionaoso diced with the
Fast elLteseroot yesterday. • '
• - The Madrid accosts are continually mils* with
respootto the expeditions to sail frets Cadix. It is
new said moiety, titaVene ship *of the line and one
frigate are shoot to smote? some troops to Peru.
• ft is said, is an article from the Lower Rhine, that
Ittar.Preeich Miaow of Police has obtained the mane.
script of the work, published in London, under the
Ville of Maliascrieveme de St. Helene. and Inds ft to
be le' the•tend.writinrof a person (M.. RoccA's
'we
lappet.) to whole Madame Deirater. was in the habit
of dictating her works, with corrections in the hand.
writing of'that celebrated Lady' herself. If such is
the case" it need not excite surpr mt.) .ise tillsif SONAPARTE
krilterwrierfthe forgery.
The Duke EILDFORDI accordigg't
!'e Paris
. .
Tape!., passed on Saturday, tbrooFh Pe' sst fitg.Wity
to Stiltiorhlnd. Grace mop* only for a kw
'twin in Paris.
The writers in OW Court Newspapers sometimes'
trust es with aarcimon of the pathos truly sousing.
The ((Wowing I 4 so. iiiaaric., from a Paper. of this
. morning s—" We have the pleasure to lniru,'lhetlible
statement of the death of Mos. GUIFFITHS, the wewpie
of the late Princess CHARLOTTE, is %atm."
. From .Stockholm it. is stated, that the . King of
Swamps will proceed to No'rwa'y immerlistely'aftet
his coronation, which is to take place in May next.
• It is mentioned from Potersburch, that of one the
Russian 'Grand Dukes is to succeed the late Count
PLATOTIP as Heiman of the cossacks.. • •
• 'lt *pima, trots the American Papers, skate quarrel
' has arisen imowithe 1114vsl Officers of the American
squadron in the Meditotrinegn. Commodore Pen RY
• is accused' of having Need a HEATH; of the
Marines, and two or three 'Courts•Mirtial have been
-held. It his bernme even an affair of party. and the
-Afferent Officers of the squadron hall!e ranged them.
selves on differen. .ifles. A. length, a Memorial
from the diseffert,-1 Offs, ors ass possented to COO.
*gress ; but a Cemmittpe oho wit appointed to report
opoeit, straw' " that no measures were proper to he
.taken by Congress on the sobj..rt." They probably
discovered. time h was a sqoabhle. which the proper
department could remedy, by removing some of the
most quarrelsome.

The accounts which we yestordav stated to have
been received from India, are from Bombay, of. in
late * clop as the 10th Dec. The Pcisnwa, when
the last account. reached Bombay, was continuing his
retreat to the viouillward, closely pursued by Briga-
alier.Gen. SNITII, who was on the With of November
st the font of the Ssolpsh Ghaut. There had been
some.,kirmishiog with broken parties of the Prism-
WA'S army, in which about 200 of the latter had
been killed or wounded. The forces under the Mar.
quis or HASTINGS On the one hand, and Sir Tuossas
Histme no the other, were approaching much other in
opposite directions towards the seat of the Piodaree
Assocission„
.It is mlerstond, that the Doke of KENT has signi.
Mid his readiness to enter intro a matrimonial oiling),
If the interest of the Stole shall require it. Not-
isittusiodiog the statement in the French Papers of
the pestpossorment of the Duke of CAMBRIOGE*G mar-
riage, aceoents are daily expected of its having taken
place. .

The Select Committee appointed by the noose of
Commons to enquire into the education of the lower
chafes of theteOPle, have reported that they are pro:'
creding iti the consideration of the subject referred to
them; bat, in the mean time, they recommend the
bringitig in a Bill for appointing Comnsissioners to
"enquire into the Abuses of Charities connected with
the Education of the Poor, in :England and Wales,
:that no unnecessary delay may take place iu prose.
cuttng this investigation.
Ma. MATnews.— This excellegt comedian, who
las not been engaged, for the" present season, by
cif me great Theatres, commenced last night,
,at atirityceum, a novel species of Entertainment,
entirely for its interest •n'l attraction on
his own
sunassisted efforts. Mr. -hi ATHEIIIS stated,
in a prefatory addr•ss, his motives to this undertak-
ing, the Otte? of which' were his disgust at the de•
clining state of the drama, which banished him from
legitimate comedy, and precluded him from the veer.
cis, of his art in that form which could alone ba
honourable to hire, and grateful to his feeling,- and
his consequent determination, if he must be reduced
to a mere mimic, to play '• the true monntebank,
end set op a stage for himself." The anniqeseentao
of the 'f7l,l)ini consisted of comic songs and WM.
connected by a sort of irregular nomads., de•
scribing his Mail roach jilnentures daring a jaunty
to the north. and en Esperintental Lecture on Ven-
triloquy. The spirit and ability of the performer did
net foil, tits on AIM occasion, and q neenectin, wadi-
once continued to the list higkly dylighted by li*
•ffotte.....fdi„,RAritassa.ntsamentsg the spectators,
aid *llll9l4ll.greetetikateteU parts of the hew.
• ••••ri7re ..ar•7. (IL e. ••

To isi'lliTtlVlC'es rueszirwardit,
, 7""1111'1".1.,
ice year litii 18th en. ft
limmintt of the Master ichilleey-sweepers,' in de-
fence of the 'Moils practice of sweeping Chimaera
by Climbing Dope, and 'as aro Public shad is sow
'Waives thelsebject, Oil will licpse me if I offer
some nlmarks on the atiltie alledetOrs, and on the
practice kg general. ,13 .
The filthiness of this prefeaskm, nod the visible
sod appalling wretchedness to which the children are
ospoted'reito are inhumanly forced to follow it, to
say nothing of lbw brutality of bard masters. would,'
I. shoeld have thought, have compelled those who
wished its contineanee into silence, by making
every argument le its favour untenable; one Would
have thought, too, that the interested would hot so
far have' deviated from Me; line of policy, as' to
hazard en enquiry into the @object by bringing it
themselves, in a defended form, before the public
eye. It was clearly their interest to let the pub-
lic mind sleep es ; all their reasoetble hopes lay
there, but they have endeavoured to awaken it, and
by so doing they have expesed the
.absurdity and
fallacy of every orpiment aide la its defence* and
the nakedness .of their cases.
It would be needless to follow these men through
the various ittihetd .reasoninp to which they have
resorted. I' feel confident* that if the article al-
luded to should come under the observation of any
reasettahlo man, whose mind was not quite made
up
as to the propriety or practicability of the Bill
now behest Parliament on the subject, this wretch.
ed defence would have the effect of determining him
'at once to oppose a practice which is worse than
slavery.
WI are told, in the way of argument in &sew of
this practice, Met we have not heard of any peti-
tions against it, either from the Musters or the Bops.
Foils that they are, was it expected that the Mis-
ters would petition against a practice by whisk they
live! but, above all, was it oupected that the little
sweep Dope themselves, not one in too, perheps, of
whom can either read or write, should assemble to-
gether and' petition Parliament ? The thing carries
along with it its own refutation.
Bat we are told, end Ileitis intended as a kind of
backstroke in favour of the practice to moderate our.
feelings a little, and take off the edge of our sensi-
bility—we are told, that the Boys employed to sweep
chimneys are " generally the. offspring. of illicit in.
tercourse." This palliative should have been men.

liaised with caution in the present stag* of moral
refinement, because it Is precisely the circumstance at
which all vineries salves are liable to take
.6re.
What t tell ca to ,motlente our faniioge en• a great
alisimmity, and to induce-as to withhold

our protection, that the twinge we were going to re.
Hove are more than ordinarily unprotected—that
they have no logli parents—that they are more des-
titute than we imagin d ! Surely this is the most
powerful appeal in their favner, an appeal to the
harts of the Britiih Public, which will not be made
in vain, to come forward and foster them in their
destitution.

It is asserted, that the cruelties said to be prac-
tised by Sweep-masters are very much esaggerated.
I fear it is tithe, wise; some sad instances of this have
I', been adduced, and bat for the obscurity in which
1 these persons live, doubtless there would have been
many more. The ordinary practice of teaching
Boys is to pivt them in the chimney, and to fasten op
the mouth of it. They are then left to themselves,
and not liberated until after they have climbed it.
I have known, in the instance of a very tight
chimney, when the smallest child that could be pro-
cured was always emplojed whenever the occasion
ocurretl. It was a terror to the neighbourhood. It
was Lianal for him to be stripped quite naked and
forced to ascend; for when inducements failed, this
wai the last harbaroes expedient. Ilia back and
shoulders always ondervrent a severe laceration.
A few days ago accident threw in my way one of
these miserable Sweep Boys. I enqoired of him
something of his particular case, and of the nature
alf his employ. He said he was twelve pen old,
and had worked seven of them it this business. I
was surprised at this answer, not readily perceiving
bow e child of live years old could climb a chimney.
The prattletais, he said. toaeoil op another boy after
them, who, when he has got-them to the top, leaves
then to shift for themselves. While undergoing this
perilous training, he once fell to the bottom, by
which he ~ as considerably injured, and the sears on
his breath. were still visible. Ile was washed and
clotted telerably on a Sunday, and thus felt, by the
absence of misery, a comparative bappinetis one day
hi sewn.
Perhaps there is nothing in the case above alluded
tn, miserable as it appears, any thing that differs
from the ordinary practice of theme Climbing Boys.
I believe that the cirrunietantes of this particular case
'are the *merit circemstances in which these unhappy
little Winos find themselves; tad if it be so, can
1 any thing demandmore • iteratively that the system
MI HP
should be abolished'—lf the difficulties attending
the use of machinery were ton times greater than they
are known to'be, they ought not to be meetienea fit
asp*. et 0 practice so disgusting atia cattail. Of
tke4iiieticability of using machinery there is ew
doubt; it hasbeen tried, andgrown into a proliesioe,
end hes been found very soccessfol. That there are
a few case, in which the machine fails will not be
denial ; chitlings that have a heriseeteldirectipw k
la difficult testae", with, the mumble., hat.ilifeeekeell
are kedsory dime whiff it ip very hsitardotied , a
by tifley,heeeisti of tiler iiiet,ter.waet 'refs% .
'Leith the magic. * Till the Bey emit fens

m
trali Wiannot fue lissom bins, and such
n attempt is very likely is eats* suffocation. Chim-
neys that are thus eenstracted should be rebuilt; it
is by no means a necessary tioittrection, and wtere
is the man that for the paltry'cbesideration of sawing
a few pounds, will rake his Vote. In fattier et the
•
tentinuance of a practice which has sotiletblll. in It
peculiarly revolting; which subjects so tads of
species. at the tender age of infancy, to oinkhiarlo
( 1,0
hardships, disease, and wretchedness. • • *.
3:14

ICMIGRAITION ro addigNitckall"-In die(
• • •-,
—...........
The Courier affects to be alarmed at this nitmlitr
of persons quitting the cowry, and very willed-
dilly laments the fully of those Who wish to set: dot
of the reach' of the tax-gatherer, the tithe-opau, and
the usurping faction that, deeies them the Fights of
freemen, and expects them to be willing slava. It
is very silly, certainly, to wish to escapefreas the
''bondage of such indelgept taskimaettitra; bet *WI-
P hecy is oar national (oiling. Te dislike tuition
etsd-dittsess is fey foolish. no do gat when folks
Uwe got it into their beads that !hey ifievilet what
Is tote done? The ref Pqairief.l.llV/PilifY in-
deed; and tells a thonsand'prOtelatqkOt silsyry in
the }*inhabited wilds of Ai** keettlie,lied coo-
dinOn of the emigrant, ; 'bit copy peeps,.
,f eple
still pack 'op' their little, If they Jhaiss am. thiqg
9
of
and set off for the land liberty; and flirt,R
st
lave nothing, are still more eager to go to a Oial!1r1s
*bore the Governitent does not stand at the eat:am*
'of ifisty enterprise, and say "pay me, bidets yell
ows,
. .
Alf thfs is Sissii, very (WM* hat follta will km
their way. The fieterll not angry II It is only' sorry,
very sorry, that such thing* shield te4 Sind wish*
the country to be " mode lavety,e! that the People
may love itigoin, and stay of boassek Thai!
so) roc
'good idea ; but how hit to be dints? The • -Isstry
'*sine Ouse, or improved. The People are het* 1..
formed, sad more indeettiosi, thsq.eny other seltissit
yet they cannot contrive to live Isere as they did; •
after all, It avails Joshing to xessai is live under the
most genial sky, er in the seat lovely situation, if it
only call him to noreqeited labour. Sterntipp
would still be starvation, even in Arabia the Meet ;
sod the tat-gatherer is a more frightful monster than
any wild beast of the desert. The country is
66 lovely" enough. It is the system that is Model.
It is the plunder to which every man is subjected,
aid which no man likes to submit to. Why then 1
does not the Times recommend the elteration of the
make
system? why not endeavor to that lovely II
No other eopedient will check the spirit of emigration.
'Nothing else will retain the 4 Ili ficer, and the lationror.
Paint the tax-gatherer, if you will, as besotifel as as •
angel, you will never make him "lovely" in,the eyes
of those who think be comes to rob theists
,It is
not what he is, hut what he comes for. Ergs- those
who have participated in site spoils, do not Ake to-
give bark their share of the plunder. They Irish, to
keep it, and to make the most of it; and they:tit dr.
So is not be dnne here. Thosi 'dote siteatiorieM le ei
as the Paper says, might seem toltieri theft...Os nose
for quitting their country, have this-lion CSOSII.,, ti
i
man has twelve months' security for *hat he 11111 il l
own in England. Every year Most mike it worth
1 less to him ; and an Act of Parliament might is thrill
• days make it worth nothing. Ills money consists in
paper promises. His lath: is pawned for a thousand
• millions of debt (more than all the laid is worth);
and be is yearly assessed for more than sixty millions
for the isslerost. This debt is rapidly going on, and
must finally swallow op all the resources of the coun-
try ! This is very " lovely," no doubt, and very
" desirable;" it is a very shocking thing that a men
should be so blind to his own interest, as to think of
leaving his share of a " lovely" debt of a thousand
millions ! and his yearly contribution of Assessed
' Tires, and Tithes, and Poor Rates i • all of which Its
ought to know, constitute the wvaltb of the nation,
and of which while he remains bete, be is entitled to
the blessing of a very full share.
Then to think of leaving behind him aat lovely"
Mince, and a "lovely" Administration, and a
"lovely" National Church, to which be has the big%
advantage of being permitted to pay a tenth part of
his income! To think of doing this, to go to a land
whet's' thi-re are none of these advillntare, and where
he wilt be absolutely obliged to keep his own money,
and to eat his own fond, is a very lamentable in-
stance of English infatuation ! This is, however,
the epidemical disease, and the Slate doctor t.a, no
power to cure it. People will go, in spite of bad
roads, savage society, perils by see, and the misery
they must encounter in leaving happy England.

Wednesday came-on the eiection of a Viirderer of
the New Forest, Hampshire, on the yeasty ()am
-
sinned by the death of the late Right Hon. G. Rosa,
when licmaY COisee Ceirrox, FA, of Manor.
hoes., near Ringwood, was duly elected.
Yesterday at the Middlesex Sessions, twelve trot
bills were found by the Grand %tory for. thy, f 0.1.111.
•
of Bank of England notes. • •
ROYAL NUPTIALS! ! !—The fortbrOoderHeirld,
Marriages are the universal topic at the Wow tioklif
the tom n—while the atteut ion of the EMT is coasitetely
absorbed in contemplating the 'unequalled 'inivaniages
of forming an alliance with Fortune, th‘roegh. her
favourite Depot,' Elvott, who has yet 7wospionilid
portions of THIRTY THOUSAND POUNDS tACSS, to be-
stow upon these Lucky Candidates wisp prefer their
claims at 2, Coaxuz Ix, before nest .Thursday.,. that
last day of Drawing. • •-'
CDRONEa's INII/UEST.—Yesteellay ilk In/144 Welt
held at the Three Crowns, City-rued, kiss W.
UNWIN, Esq. on the budrof Edward WagetsCiliod
IR, a miniatiii painter'. LI appeared from tboevi..
delice of Mt. George Wetighton, wlio
.bolds Skill.
lion in the 'Post-Oflice, aniCafittirine .bolds
his
`servant, that the deceased lodged in the hopes of the
dormer, and occupied an apartmearon the !Ifni Seer.,
,For traet.of other employment esbibitad bir* le
:Poitiess-miece. 01. Tuesday evening last, he *mat
sot, es,yl-4, be way ,Itlits to Paddington to sea a
,Mend; !p, reteitilitumit to bed, sod in .
mornirre foandlaed. He was observed lately
-to
-to v sr. low; the witomass won of *aka that
ISt &Isla oiled through weakness or fatigue. This
bay wet' imiing been opened, the Jury &ebb&
whether, be came to hie death in a Wend web' and
*4 I°olo VoilmisPidlesii sii?w.ll#s
