THE STATESMAN.

.

DESCRIPTION OF TIIK
ERUPTION the SO UFFRIER MO r.l ivrAnt,
. Pa Thursday nigbt, April 30,151 Y. •
IN THE ISLAND OF ST. VINCENT.

•
licensed of . havineviulated the Constitution in bar-
tering for a Seat in Parliament (as if the monopolists
were in danger), we find you not merely braving the
charge, but evading 4t, by blontly dechtring the thing. —.........-
66 as notorious at Mt' Sitil at noon dee." Here was The Spurrier Mountain, the most northerly of the lons chain
high treason against the State, openly justified by its whole, I Ithe t Recur tte survey that has yet
rouning throttgh the centre of this island, and the highest of the
as emotion.' ,y most . 4 .
notoriety ; and wily may not the inferior crimes of been taken, had for some time
and fro., the extraordinary frequency and vialence of earth-
murder and robbery be sateen yRA ? here, too, it is 0.00„, „hick past indicated mite,' disquietudr;
are caleulated to have exceeded two hundred
niended somegreat movemeet or erUlitioll.
natural to enquire, by what diabolical niethOds...was within theist yeur,pt .
The apprehension, however,
the crater, which of
your ill-stn rrerl c try deprived of its Legislature curiosity, or to prevent repeated vi-its to • .
WWI not sio immediate, as to restrain
late had been more nunwrosis Oran at any former pertoo„ even
and Independence ? Ilud there been no Borough-
,up to Sunday last, the tali of April; when some Gentleinee
'ad remained there for some thee. Nothing ann.
mongers in the 4rish Commons, I dare assert, the lisernded il, li .. .. _., , . _
ri, .
flan was then remarked, or ally external dint•is net eine ed,
I.!tii Oil had ;sayer been entertAineth-osstimlly newer except rather a stronger emission of smoke from the interstices
attempted. The bold expelitneut bad cost its author NI spot, a slight de-
ha hetonical kill at the Whom of the crater. To those aho
orate not visited this romantic and wonder
severely—twhaps his lift.. 11-ith such a lesson be- eruption of it, as it lately stood, is previously necessary and
indispensable to tuna any concept' of it, auti to the better
fore you, Sir, that has produced a catalogue of such tindermoirling the accost& which follows; for no one lit ing CRII
ills and disasters to your native land, we observe you expect to see it again in the perfection and beauty in which it
was use Sunday, the 26th instant.
;to sooner transplanted in our soil, than you advo- ,
i About 2035 fret from the level of the SCR, (caltdating (rain
tate that very cause by which the liberties of Ireland enwiretun-), nu the south side of the moans-tin, and rather wore
• than two-thirsts of its height, opens a circular chasm, somewhat
were shipwrecked—and who can say if a similar fate exceeding half a mile in diameter, and between -I or 51) feet in
may slot befal Britain. The example of the crafty i dflith; exactly in the centre of this capacious bowl,, in
a p-
ineal bill about 250 or MO feet in height, and about 20s) in din-
tys ant At Genes, who, in Mood and proscription, t meter, richly covered and variegated with shrubs, brushwood,
iider pooslered.
triumphed cover the freedom of corrupt Rome, gra o
. i "nd vine., above bail v'iY op, and for the remai
over with virgin sulphur to the top. I. rano the traures in the
ciotrety 'permitting the forms of the Republic to re- cone and iuterstices of the rocks, a thin white smoke was con-
emitted,thisd with a g bluish .
111.1 ill, is not altogether expunged from our memories. I Ilse' ly e Precipitous "sides ofional magnificent sli
amhtphitheatredame were
I tenet iii Gad it never will. ! fringed with various evergreens and aromatic shrubs, flowers,
! and ',may Alpine plants. ' Oa the north and south sides of the
Pine ex U. was assassinated ! so were the innocent i have of the cone were two pieces of water, one perfectly pure
Manua. Those unhappy victim' had no burst of . .1„„,.
and tasteless, the other stroinely impregnated with sideline and
This lonely and beautiful Spilt was remlered more en-
symthy—no house of Commons consmiserating l chanting by the singvlariy melodious notes of a bird, an inhabi-
patant of these tipper solitudes, and altogether unknown to the
the fall and misfortunes of an industrious family at i other parts of the island • hence pritteilially called. or supposed
i to he. invisible; though' it certainly has been seen, and is a
one 64 fell swoop." But when a daring, inst,kstt
) • species of the merle.
and corrupt Miniatcr 44 sacrificed by a pitrenzied im. '
i A century had now elapsed since the last convulsion of the
pulse of high agitated feelings, the incense of flattery
mountain, or since any other elements hic; disturbed the serenity
! of this wilderness, than those which are common to the tropical
is kindled—an enormous sum is rashly bestowed'on • tempest. It apparently slumbered in primeval solitude and
' tranquillity, stud from the lnxuriant vegetation and growth of
his stirvivorsotototiously in affluence ; and,to render the forest hilich covered its sides from the base nearly to the SlM-
the force more extravagant, a monument is even ' mitowemed to.disconntenance the fact, a.d falsify tile records
voted, to record the memory of a man, whose public iof the ancient vulcana. Such was the majestic, peaceful Sour-
frier en April the 27th ; but we trod on " i.hnent m'ural! tna
conduct was di icing the people to choose between i riaeri delthu." aid our magin ay safety was soon to be con-1
two alternatives—an iron slavery, or a revolution. ; founded by the sudden danger of devastation. Just as the plan-
By such Means the liberties of nations have been sub.
1 tation hells rang to rive at noon on Monday, the 27th, an abrupt
. . and dreadful crash from the mountain, with a severe concussion
clued. By such meatis the system will never be iu ,of the earth, and tremulous noise iii the air, alarmed all around
want of a PITT, a MeLvt tete, and a PERCEVAL, to i it. The resurrection of this fiery furnace was proclaimed in a
moment by .a vast column of thick, black, ropey smoke, like
rob and bamboozle the country. At the close of his
- ! that of an immense glailouse, bursting forts at once, and
Administration, the !louse of Commons was changed . mounting to the sky; showering down sand, with gritty cal-
into an arena of political gladiators—Mr. Penceval. driven particles olf, earth and faveila.mixed, OR all below. This
towardst oflrlltilnlibton and al come Ronde,
_
ccold not sp •ak without a full chorus of cheering-- , r
darkened triereai the
like atudeataracand covered the ridges,
he seldom made a motion but it was carried by atria- . woods, and cane-pieces with light grey-coloured ashes, mem-
m litica
ation—and this is called o. : bling snow when slightly covered by ast. As the eruption in-
p ' creased, this continual !fwer expanded, destroying every op-
At the moment you addressed the House upon the pearance of vegetation. At night a very considerable degree of
subject of his virtue, it is to he lamented that it did pti
itoti4liduathwaitts
dritseerveds
min the
yet any lips
visible nfthe
ascension of flame. The
not occur to you, that this phenomenon of a Piker , same same awful scene presented itself on Tuesday; the fall of•
and a husband, was Attorney-General during Mr. 1 favilla awl calcined pebbles still increasing, and the compact,
Tztvs Administration—the character of whose mew- : pitchyeii al:thatuawfritr
atlmie)ic:
at et tinrteerivolgispi&rterettitideimmutliatreVint,.o :01;
iiing...
sores has been touched by the hand of a master; and, i taut thunder. ...On Wednesday, the si9ili, ell these menacing
in case you have, forgot it, I shall use the freedom to symptoms of horror and combustion still gathered more thick
And terrific fur miles around the dismal and half-olacured moon-
assist your memory. When the late Mr. Fox (just- Win. The prodigious column shot up with quicker motion, li-
ly or not, 'must be left to your own judgment) was hating as it rose like a balloon. The sun appeared in total
in the full vigour of his principles, he denounced that eclipse, and shed a meridian twilight over us, that aggravated
the wintry gloom ef the scene now completely powdered over
despicable Jtmto of Corruptioa in the following with falling particles. It was evident that the crisis was as yet
meaner—it came deliberately from his closet. He to come—that the horning fluid was struggling for a vent,
eeys of that Administration—t' That it had shed aunbidtrulacloluusrin,gw:uhsnuipwirotr the
essed thseupigerniiivicolimmobeusnttosrtrsate2 and
more human blood—had I.,vished more of the uatiou's le ht, it was manifest, that it had greatly disengaged it..
&wealth -and had violated more of the principles of sen.,:fw faellstr tihrenb"rlidaeiri,n by lb (tee appearanceltioi of tere ctittsebring
.
the Constitution, teziot all the precedhig Adtniuiafra- , On Thursday, the memorable Stith of April, the reflexiini of
Lions, from the Revolution down to the present pe- • the rising sun on this majestic body of milling vaponr was soh-
rind."—Was this 64 declamatory nonsense," or not? ' lit" bevoad imagination—any comparison of the Glaciers, of
.111 It ea-
! the Andes, or Cordilleras, with it, can hut feebly convet • I '
No, Sir, it was the plain language of truth, bursting , of the fleecy whiteness and brilliai cy of this awful column of '
from the heart and soul of a man, who, a few years ' intermingled and wreathed smoke and clouds : it afterwards as-
sume" a more sulphereons cat t.. like what we call thunder-
after, beset by a baud of selfish egotists, greedy of clouds, and .n tie course of the day a ferruginous and sanguine
place, pension, and title, was artfully hetffyed into a appearance, with much livelier action in the ascent, a more ex-
Coalition with that thiend of the Comtitution Lord tensive dilation. as if almost freed from every obstruction—after- I
i noon, the noise wig 111,,SS:10t, and .reseinbled the appro telt of
G„„ Eyrape, whicla,unfortunately for the natioe, and •, thunder still nearer and nearer, with a vibration, that erected
for his own immortality, hurried him iuto his grave the feelings and hearing: as yet there was 110 convulsive IRO-
by a broken heart. I am, Sir, &c. Ann. or sensible earthquake. Terror and consternation now
seized all beholders. The Ciarraihs, settled at Monte Romie,
AN ENGLISUMAN. attir!. font of the Stniffrier, abandoned their houses, with their
sas. live block, and every thing they possessed, and lied precipitately
- I towards town. The Negroes lierame confused, forsook their
work losked up to the mountain, and as it shook, trembled, 1
with the dread of what they could neither nnderstand nor describe
—the birds fell to the ground. overpowered with shower's of fa-
villa, unable to keep theetelves on the wing—the cattle were
starving for want of food, as' not a blade of grass or a leaf was
now to be found—the sea was much discoloured, but in no wise
uncommonly agitated; and it is remarkable, that throughout !
the whole or this violent disturbance of the earth, it continued
quite passive, and did nut at any time sympathise with the agi-
tation of the land. About four o'clock, p. to. the poise became I
more alarming, and just before sun-set the clouds retlectesl a
bright clipper colour, suffused witlifire. Scarcely had the day
closed, . when the flame burst at length pyrnmidmeally
from the crater, through the mass of smoke; the rolling
of Ise &older became more entail and .deafening : 'electric
Hashes quickly succeeded, attended with iand claps; and now,
indeed, the Inirlyburly began. 'l' ose only who have witnessed :
such a sight, can form nov irl.ba of the magniticeuce aud variety 1
of the lig:ailing and electric flasina; some forked zig tag playing
across the perpendicular column from sitecrater—otliers shooting
upwards from the tumid' like rockets of the most daszling lustre
—others,likesbells,with their trailing fuses llsin„e in differeet pa-
rabolas, with the most vivid scintillations from the dark sanguine
colunnawhichouw seemed inflexible and Unmovable by the wiud
Shortly after 7 p. in. the Mighty caldron was seen to shunter, and
the ebullition of lava to break out on the N. W. side, This buss
inediately after boiling over the orifice, and flowing ashen way,
was opposed by the acclivity, of a higher point of lead, over
which it was impeltodtby the onnienie tide of liquified Ilse that
sAtllove it ea, focusing •
the figure V in grand illuinioatioue-
[ Sometimes. w ht-i. ti.c. .L.llierk... stieheneil. or was imastri..
clef* to orge it over the obstructing bill. it recoiled back, like'
' a Mkt* billow from the rock, and the. again rushed for-
ward, impelled by fresh supplies, and scaling every oh-',
curving ricks and woods together, in its coursedowu':
the slope of the mountain, until it precipitated itself down some '
vast ravine, concealed from our sight by-sipe intervening ridges,
of More Ronde. Vast globular !oodles oT fire were seen . pro-
jeeted from the fiery furnace, and bursting, fell back into it, or:
lover it, on the surronsoling hushes, which were instantly set in
I bales. About four hours from the lava boiling over the crater,
! it reached the sea, as we could observe from the reflection of '
the fire and the electric flashes totending it. About half past '
one, woollier stream of lava was seen descending to the east-
ward towards Rebecca. The thundering noise of the mountain,
and the vibration of mound that had town so formidable hither-
to, now mingled iu the sullen mouotonous roar of the rolling
lava, became so terrible, that dismay nag almost turned into
despair. At this time the first eartfignake was felt: this was
followed by showers of cinders, that fell with the hissing noise
of hail„during two bones: At three o'clock, a rolling on the
roofs of the houses indicated a fidl of stones, which soon
thickened, and at length descended in a rain of Intermingled
fire, that threatened at once the fate of Pompeii, or Ilercu-
lanenm. The crackling and corntwations from the crater
at this period exceeded all that had yet passed. The eyes
were struck with emmenlary blindoess and the,ears stnn.
ocd with the gloineration of soinidi. People sought diet-
ter is. amass. ender racks, or nay where,—far every
vtbere was warty the same; and the miserable Negroes king
ek,,,,,, their hots, were knocked down, or woandetl. and litany
killed is the ern air. Several houses were set on fire. The
eetates 'sleeted is the Immediate vicinity seemed doomed to de-
struction.. Rad the stones that fell been proportionally heavy to
their sive. not a !isn'g creature could have escaped without'
death; these having nitelergone a thorough fusion, they were
divested of tkeit natural gravity, and fell almost as light es 'm-
ates. though in some places Ili large as a man's head. Ibis
dreadfol rain of stoat* anti fire lasted upwards of au hour' and
was spin sueeeetted by (tinders from three till six o'clock la the
morning Earthquake followed earthquake almost innnl enta-
hos rather tea gawk of this part of ter "sued OM in • a Mx* M

B 7Y) t, ELECTION.

Extract of a lett,.r, dated June 18.—Mr. B A T.'
iltrixt having vacated his scat for this city, the writ•.
for the election of a Representative to succeed 4dm
N% as received here on Thursday, and the election is
fixed for to-morrow (Monday), at the Guildhall. It
was at first supposed that there would be no opposi.
tion to the electiancof, Mr. Rica lan Haas D.tvts,

late Member far Colcheiter, and a banker and mer.

chant of this city, in the room of Mr. BATHURST, 45.:
PROTIMOE and Sir S. Rossimor, oiler thon-.1
selves only in contemplation of the vacancy which
will be occasioned by the iutelided retirement of Mr.
Pamir, our other iteprepeidative. Very unea-'
pettedly, however, it was rumoured, on Thursday,
that Mr. n ENR Y HUNT intended to oppose Mr. Da.,
yrs. The latter Gentivmair made his public entry

yesterday, and was accompaditid, from Clifton to
Bristol, by a numerous and respectable body of his
!Howls. The line of carriages in the procession, et-
) _

ce'("ed a mile in length. 171 the course of th'e da'
band-bills were distributed, announcing that
111114 c would arrive at the Talbot Inn, at eight
o'clock in the evening; previously to which hour to,
considerable number of hi; friends (chiefly the work-

AY,
M r,

lug classes), assenibled at Temple-gate, the entrance ,
to our city, from Bath. About eight o'clock Mr.
1/I.mr arrived, in a post chaise and pair, accom-
panied by a friend. His appearance was grotesque
in the extreme; a long pole was affixed perpen-
.dicularly to the body of the chaise, the top of which
was surmounted by a large huge loaf of bread, bearing
the motto of " Herr and Peace." The multitude
followed the chaise to the Exchange, where Mr.
„VENT mounted one of the brass pillars, and addressed
sue people. 'the introductory part of • his address
will be sufficient to give you a pretty correct idea of
the whole: " Gentlemen (said the orator), 'I come
h: re in an humble post-Cliaise and I prefer that to a
gilded chariot—purchased with you, r money!" [Loud
.applause] In the course of his speech, he deliveredl
,aa apostrophe to a half-quarters loaf,which iie held in
his left hand. 44 This 'loaf,' Gentlemen, might once
have been purchased for foorperkeal but to what
a vile price has it come at last I—l pledge reyieli,
Gentlemen, if you return me, that I will exert my-
self to procure peace,. end reduce the 'price of this
loaf."—[Loud applause After having excited.the '
enthusiasm of a part of his hearers to •the proper
pitch,he concluded, by announcing his determination
to keep the poll open whilst a fna
• - gaf9l44 Pe Nand to
Rote for WM.

1,/

-

4;# . 4

lv,dt

.*

'J

Vv,r,

~. ~. rti;
JL+. d

tol continued oscillation I tot agitated by shocks, rertieal or ho.
rionntal ; hot undulated like water shaken in a bowl.
The break of day, if such it could he called, has truly fetid,
dr. Darkness *as only visible at eight o'cloek. and the birth or
:Way dawned like the day of judgment : a chaotic gloom enve,
loped the mountain, and an impenetrable haze hung aver tint
sea, with black sluggiih clouds of a sulpharrous cam. The
whole island was covered with favilla, cinders. scoria, and bro-
ken masses of volcanic matter It was not until the afternoon,
the muttering noise of the numatuin sunk gradually into a so-
lento yet at 6111191C`. Such were the particulars of Ihit
sublime nod tering-odium. seem., rm.., commeorement to rains
;mobs*. To describe rti sets is, of powible, a inure difficult
and truly must distressing task.

PAREirEI,I4_,I DD MS,

WU= ST
10, SI DDO Irk
or LZATINIIIVIErriGI4 297,1 JUNE, 1812,
AND. WRITTEN ST LIORICD TWISP,

Woo has not felt, bow growing use endears
The fond remembrance u 7 oar former years
•
Who has not sigli'd, when ditom'd to leave at Last
The hopes of youth, the habits of the p ist,
The thousand ties and Interests, that impart
A second nature to the human heart,
•
And, wreathing newt' it close, like tendrils, climb,
Blooming in age, and sanctifier: by time ?
114! at this moment crowd noon my mind
Scenes of bright days forever left b
Bewildering visions of euralittied youth,
\V hen hope and fancy wore the hues of truth,
And longs'orgotten years, that almost seem
The faded traces of a morniu,4-dream !
Sweet are those mournful thoights: fur they renew
The pleasing sense of all I owe to lon,
For cavil inspiring smile, and soothing tear—
For those full honours of my long career,
Tle ,-heer'd my earliest hope, and chased my latest fear 1
And though, fur me, those te.us shall flow no mote,
And the warm sunshine of your smile is o'er,—
Though the bright beams are fading fast away,
That shone unclouded through my slimmer-day, -s
let grateful Memory shall reflect their light
O'er the dim shadows of the coming niett,
And lend to later life a safer tune,
A moonlight tint, a lustre of her own. •
Judges and Friends ! to whom the tragic strain
Of nature's teelinr, never spoke in vain,
Perhaps your hearts, when years have glided by,
Aad past emotions wake a fieetingsigh, •
May thinktm her, whose lips have pour's! so !org
The charmed sorrows of your Shakspeare's song:—
tither, ho partit.; to return no more,
Is now the mourner she but seeded before,—
llerself subdu'd, resigns the melting spell,
And breathes, with su citing heart, her long, her last farewell!

The prisoners on board the !Cron Princeßsen, at
Portsmouth, attempted last week to cut through the
orlop deck, into' the hatchway, where the ladders
were recently placed to enable them, in case of fire,
to get upon deck with speed. They intended to have
seized the boats of the ship, and to have made their
escape, but their plan was entirely frustrated by de.
tection.

A Court Martial was holden on Thursday, on
board his Majesty's ship Glailiaior, on John Jewel
and Francis Terrel, seamen, belonging to Itis.Ma•
ljesty's ship Princess Caroline, for an attempt to
commit an unnatural crime ; which being proreel, the
former was sentenced to receive 9.00 lashes, attd the
latter SO, round the fleet.
LONDON ScssioNs.— Yesterday the Sessions were
opened at Guildhall, by the Loan MAYOR, Alder-
man Cosec, Sir Joun Ilenaixo, Aldermen T.
,
SCHOLEY, MACNY, the LlT:comma, ike.—
IThe only trial which occupied the Court the cl.ief
part of the day, was an indictment preferred by the
City of London, against a Mr. Walker, a respect.
able tradesman in Seething-lane, Tower-street, for
la nuisance. This complaint was brought forward
by the tnqueat Jury of the Ward who, according
to the oath they take, are obliged to hear all com-
plaints of nuisances in their district, and present
them to the Court of Aldermen, who order prosecu-
tions against the parties. The indictment wis orn.,
ed by toe COMMON OTT, who said the Defend-
ant dealt in the sack and hemp line, al.(' was charged
with using a copper on his prenti,es, for the purpose
of melting pitch and tar, which was offensive to the
neighbourhood by the smell, and dangerous in case
of fire, and that he dried hemp upon the parapet
wall, and on the top of the house. Several witnesses
were called, who proved the indictment. Messrs.
ALLEY and Bat.L.tan were Counsel for the Defend-
ant, nod his servants and a number of witnesses
tried 40 prove there was no danger, and that it had
' continued for ninny years, without any accident or
opposition taking place. The 11,ccoancit summed
up the evidence, and pointed out to the Jury the,
great danger of such a nuisance in dist neighbour-
hood, where trade and goods were warehoused. The
Jury gave a verdict against the Defendant.
Maimeottoucti -STREET.-011 Sunday evening,
about forty of the labouring class of Irishmen as-
sembled at the Cheshire Cheese public-house, Pim-
lico, and"having fastened the doors of the large
room in which they were, they behaved most out-
rageously, and at length the .landlord requested ad-
whiCll iltry refused, and he was at length
under the necessity of informing them, that he must
be obliged timid for the guard from the York Hos-
pital. His remoustrances, together with Clark, Cie.
constable, having failed,• the said guard was sent
for ; but the refractory party having overpowered
there, bent their. firelocks double; after amusinig
themselves in their own way, they departed, having
done considerable mischief in. the neighbourhood,
and particularly in the public-Rouse. Their form
prevented interruption to their destructive career ;
but three principal', who were recognised at the time,
were secured yesterday, and underwent an examine,
tion at this Osice ; they were severally committed
. in default of bail.
1 On Saturday se'nnight, as Mr. R. Witty, of Huil,
Joiner, &c. was returning from liessle, in eotuptay
with another person, during the heavy thutul.,r worm,
he was struck dead by the lightning. Ilk bat was
• torn to pieces, and fragments of it driven to the dis.
Vance' of twenty yards from where he was struck.—
. A man hicompany with him received no injury.
An eel was caught on Set erday seettight at White-,
haven, which measured live feet and 'a half in length ;
' was about Nil inches in girth, and weighed 27 pemels.
There are now living at Thurlstone, near Peni-
stone, seven persons in three houses, all under the
same roof, the doors within seven yards o: each
other, the ar :hem, make 448 yen rs, and
hare all their capable of business.

iges of six of th
Ir faculties and
.
;Y/
r•••-• "or'
I\l,W
