THE S'TA'TESMAN:

do, we look for a blessing upon our arms .and our
cause to Him who alone ruleth among the nations of
the earth.

" In pursuance of the Act passed at the last Ses.
sion, authorising me to borrow, on the credit of the
State, a sum not exceeding one hundred thousand
dollars, a loan has been opened at the several banks,
and proposals have been sent to different towns.—
The success of the measure has not fully equalled
my hopes; a part only of the loan has been ob-
tained, and a parlitular statement of its progress will
be made for your Mortalities its the course of the
Session. .
" In csspliance with the Tteselotions on that sub-
ject, at the Special Session of the Legislature in
September, a draft has been made from the militia
and chartered companies, to make up the State's
quota of five hundred men, under the requisition of
the President of the United States, of the 4th of March,
and they are ordered into service accordingly—and
senior classes will soon be organized agreeably to the
Laws paned for fiat purpose.-
" In addition to the ordnance already stationed at
several points, field-pieces have been provided for
Little Compton, Tiverton 'Warren, East Green.
wieh, and North Kingstown, with some supplies of
ordnance stores; and I have the satisfaction to ac-
knowledge the receipt from the United States, by the
order of Brigadier-General Cushing, of six carriages
for heavy cannon.
• 44 I have the pleasure of being able to inform you,
that at souse late inspections and resiows of the mi-
litia which I have ',leaded, I have had the satisfac-
tion of finding an evident improvement in discipline,
and particularly in the quality and good order of
their arms. There is also a very commendable zeal
and alacrity excited among-the officers, ande corre•
sponding emulation among the men. We may be
permitted, therefore, to believe, that in case of an'
invasion, our-militia will support tha_abaracter for
di • ' abd.brasitry which they pc:golfed in tbe•war
of ; and that as they have now become
al ads, iermdance they will not
41.11141dattiiii the hour of trial.
--44*see the neglect *ad disregard of our waste-which
slitsbeslemtperietsced from that garter to which we
. .
naterallyloolc for assistance, I have been induced,
for the supply of some tedividual requisites for taking
t the Geld, to issue *sclera to the Querter.Master and
Commissary. Generals to make such preparations in
their several departments as ouriecauty resources ad-

•• •
Mite
" It is my duty particularly to mention the situation
Of the men belonging to the State corps. The neglect
on the part of the United States to make provision
fur the payment of their wages, has reduced many
of them to very distressing circumstances. Soma;
hare families, and all will require a supply of clot's.
iog, without which it will be impossible they can 4,
their duty through the approaching cold season.

" On the 4th inst. I was informed by the Stew.;
leery at War that General 'Swift would visit this Sta*
ia *aspect the fortifications, and to advise as t• the.
,Tee ietion of other works. General Swift has since
errived, and iu company with him I have visited the
shores at the head of the
.Bay, end Rhode !sinful
end Tiverton near the Stone Bridge. What further
•teps will be taken by the Government in cons
quence of this measure, I have not been informed of.
In some parts of the State the citizens have cheerful-
ly volunteered their services iu steering batteries and
held works, to a very considerable extent; aid,
owing to their very meritorious exertions, additional:
security has been given to some important and
posed positions.
" Under our great pecuniary embarraisments the
patriotic boo; of the people was particularly ac-
ceptebie) and deserves the approbation of the Legis.
latu re.

44 r commenicate, for your more particular in•.
formation, my correspondence with the Secretary of
War, slid also.with Governor Strong and Governor
Smith, on the subject of mutual aid of the militia, in
cese of invasion.

" I shu lay before you a communication from
Governor 'Strong, with several resolutions of the Le-
gislator! 4:Massachusetts, which, from the import-
ance of the subject, and respectability of that State,
claim and wilt, I have no doubt, receive your early
and serious attention.
4gl cauoot close this communkation without ad-
verting Id some of the many masons *hick the people
of this State ban for gratitude and, thankfulness to
the Giver of all Good, who, in the midst of judg-
ment, has reonamberNl mercy. By his goodness we
heave reaped of the fruits of the earth, oar health and
I v have been preserved, and shores protected from
titration, sad our laws and religious liberties conti-
n *ed.
4 WittlAM JONES.

(94141 d)
" Pro•idwee, Oct. SI."

NALTFAX, Nov 111.

COPY OE A LETTER FROM MAJOR-GEWERAL BROWS
TO 00 mama° at. cuAIIIIC EY, b ATM
Read-quarters, Buiralus,
Your letter of the 10th elt..after going the rounds
was delivered to me a few days since on my Ivey to
this place. . _

The exception you take at my letter to the Sem-
tary mould be very reasonable, and proper, pro-
vided the fleet of Lake Ontario was your private.,
property, over which the Government had no con.
troul ; but as I have been induced to believe that it
was the property of the nation, subject to the orders
of the Government ; and as the Government led me
to believe that the fleet under your command would
be upon Lake Ontario to co-operate with my divi-
sion of the army the first week in July,. I have
deemed It fit and proper to let the nation know, that
the support I had a right to expect was not afforded
me.

I consider my conduct towards yourself and the
Nary, as not only honourable, but, Sir, as being
very liberal and friendly, from the date of my re.
port of the battle at Sickett's Harbour to the present
hour. The mops under my command have always
been disposed of • so as to meet your views to the
extent of my power aad authority, and as tee se
was consistent with the rights and the honour of um
army.
Yourinformatidn'iippeatv very incorrect as to the
situatioti of f!ieirmy previous to the arrival of refs.
forcemerits with Lient..Geneial Drummond. From
the 6th of July to the 24th; the whole country was

in our power from t. George to Burlington Heights:
and could the arid' have been supplied with proyi-
lions from the depots provided on the shores of lake
Ontatio, we should not have doubted ear ability
(withoat reinforcemeuts Or additional piss) to carry
tke Heights. when We • would hive returned upon
Forts Georie and Niagara, or advanced upon King-
ston (as might have been thought most advisable),
with the co.operation of the fleet. •
You speak of responsibility. Ido not desire you
or any other man to be responsible for me: I have
endeavoured to execute the orders &yen me; success
has not attended my endeavours; but I humbly trust
in Heaven, that the honour of the brave men entrust-
ed to my command bas been and will be preserved,
let what may happen.
It will be very difficult to retire from Fort Erie,
pressed as the remains of my gallant little army are,
by a superior force of the enemy; but no other
al—
ternative will be left us, unless reinforcements
dily arrive. , 1
The militia are coming in in very considerable
numbers, but it is not yet ascertained how many of,
Ahem will cross.
The Secretary has given me to understand that
General hard would move to St. Lawrence with i
view of attacking Kingston (should you and he deem
that measure advisable). Should you decide other-
wise, that Gen. hard would come with, or send to
I tue a reinforcement of from 2 to 3000 (nen.

I have not heard from Gen. Izard, and begin to
apprehend that•something has occurred to retard—or
prevent his movement, I will thank you for any in.
formation yon can give me on this subject.
I am, Sir, with great consideration and respect,
Your most obedient servant,
Cem. bane Chancey. JAC. BROWN.

[PEON THE NATIONAL INTELLIGENCER, NOT. A.)
In addition to the measures to which the House
of Representatives stand pledged, and which will
doubtless receive the sanction of the Senate, to este.
Nish a broad and substantial basis of annual revennel
to sustain the credit of the nation, we learn it is
contemplation to organise an active Sinking Fend, on
an improved plan. On this subject, we believe, there
is no difference of opinion among the Republicans,'
who are determined to omit no exertions .to fix on,
'the most permanent and solid foundation the na-
tional credit. They hare ever been its most vigor.
Gus supporters, and have repelled with disgust the
doctrine advanced by a venerable Federal politician
hi hie letters to the people, and from other quarters,
which even went to the extremity el-contending that'
a future Administration might absolve the avvern.:
illent from the payment of debts contracted by the
present.
In .a spirit directly the reverse of that, the pre-
nentadministration of Government, after having re-
ileemed neatly ail the otd federal debt, are providing
before hand for the reimbarsenient and liquidation of

the debt which they are abaft to contract. Such is
the effect of this course of measures on monied menl,
that we are proud to hear that the Government has
already obtained, on good terms, without public ad-
vertisement, the whole, or nearly the whole of the
loan, which, in consequence of the approach of the
enemy to the city in August last, was then only
partly subscribed. The clouds of delosiow are passing
away ;.the sun of public credit shines forth with
lusts% the greater from its having been obscured ; a
isistre which cannot be dimmed by the foul mists ex-
haled from the conduits of party malignity.

FRENCII PAPERS.

PARIS, DEC. 10.—The Vienna post did not arrive
to-day. The letters of yesterday contained as usual
the most contradictory statements. It would ap-
pear, however, that the Sovereigns are preparing to
leave Vienna; but nobodpknows in what state they
will leave the negocistions: some assert that every
thing is arranged ; others that nothing is decided ;
and a third party again believe that some general
bases have been agreed upon, together with the par- ,
tition of the vacant cointeies; but that the dehnitive
organization of Germany has been postponed, and
will be referred to a Diet which will meet pt Frank-
fort. Amidst all this uncertainty, the Nuremberg
Gazette proceeds as usual without hesitation, and
without feeling embarrassed by what it bad said the
day before. The following is an extract from this
Journal of the 3d :
rens*, Nov. 29.
44 The Congress has finished its principal business
to-day. The Austrian army will forthwith be placed
on the peace establishment. On the 10th, a Mani-
festo will appear upon all the transactions of the
Congress. Saxony will cede the two Lusatias, Upper
ILusatia will be given to Austria, and Lower to
Prussia, together with all the left bank of the Vis-
tula. Austria will have the environs of Cracow."
What.seems a little more certain than the news of
the Nuremberg Gazette is, that the King of 'Bs-
vane is expected at Munich in a few days, where
'many persons of his emits have already arrived. 'Ar-
rangements are observed throughout all Bavaria,
which appear to indicate that tl:e army will soon be
placed on a peace footing. Its maintenance on a war
establishment has cost lemmas* sums.
Letters of naturalization have been granted to
Marshal Masten', Counts Ferino and Belderback,
sad Admiral Verhuell.
Mr. Charles Wilkins English Orientalist, is'
o gained a Foreign Associate of the Class of History
and Ancient Literature in the Institute. The King
has appointed two Profettorships in the College diri
France; one of the Chinese, the other of the
Sanscrit; to be Mind by M. de H,emusat and M.
Ide Chezi.

VIENNA, Nov. 30.—The Court Getty of the
29th and 30th, and the Austrian Observer of the
same dates, say nothing of the great news which cir-
culated' here in the evening of the 27th; they must
therefore be looked upon as false.
The Kings of Bavaria'and Woctemberg, who but
from unexpected causes would have already departed
for their states, will certainly leave this capital in the
earl part of nest mouth. On the 10th of December
*se on of Aosta" and Russia will leaviVienna
fir h. The Emperor of Austria aconmpaules
:
so tar the Emperor* Atezender, ,whe. alio proposes
to go to Stotgard and Cartinhe. The stay of the
,two Emperors at Munich will be but short; neither
will the &peror Amer stop Wog with the King

f Wurtemberg or the Grand Duke of Baden, be-
cause he has Laid his solemn entrees:* into Warsaw
for the Ist of unitary (0. S.) This would seem
to confirm the report that the Congress has at bat
adopted the status quo of 1802, for the limits of
Russia and' Prolific "
The departure of the Sovereigns will make no
change in the conferences, which will be continued
by the Ministers : ()Very thing leads .to presume that
they are by no means near a close, as some of the
Plenipotentiaries hire re-taken the lodgings for five
or six months.
Every day the probability of the re-establishment
of Saxony assumes new consistency ; and it is the
general remark, that if the King remount his throne,
he will be indebted for it to the powerful mediation
of Austria and France. _

All Saints Fair has just closed here. It has not
answered the expectations of the merchants; the
want of specie checks every kind of commerce.
There arrives here a good deal of specie by the'
routes of Frankfort and Naremberg. It is said to
be arrears from the Low Countries ; but our Mum-,
del situation does not seem improved by it.
' MADRID, Nov. 28.—For some days past, Go-
vernment, desirous- of dissipating even the remem-
brance of the Cortes, has collected all the papers
which notice the operations of that Assembly, and
particularly the " liberal". Journals, l' ',Mesa, el
Redactor, el Concito, el Universal, Sze. They were'
taken in two carriages to the place of La Cebada,
where they were burnt with all the formalities for-
merly employed at an Ado da fi. It is astonishing
that the new Minister, Gavottes, did not oppose this
strange ceremony. On the day of the arrival of the
last mail from France, there were new arrests, on
account of correspondence with Spanish Emigrants
in France. The Inquisition has also ordered some
arrests." .1
Nov. 30.—The transaction relative to the Ex -r
Minister, Mamma, is ended. His Majesty has just.
boned the following decree
" The moment when Divine Providence delivered.',
me from the captivity to which intrigue and black
envy had led me, to the great prejudice of my !evil,:
subjects, and in a way so distressing to myself, 12
was desirous of placing next my heart, and under
Imy special protection, all those who, following my'
I fortunes, had shared my slavery. In these painful.
Icircumstances, some have not ceased to be faithful to
me : others, on the contrary, demoralised or
.Ilueneed by wicked men, have betrayed their duty to
the throne which I fill, have committed flagrant ex-
cesses under shelter of the confidence which I reposed
in them, and abusing that confidence, hay* &ski*
themselves on baseless rocks. Don Pedro ?decease
was one of those on whom my early esteem *as,
fixed. I thought him worthy of it, and therefore'
appointed him my Secretary of State,, of Merc#';
and Justice,' supposing his conduct would be ir-
reproachable in all respects. Soon, however, were
complaints against him made to me : these I at.]
tributed to envy and digalfectiott. At length, find'.
4j
t that these complaints daily increased, I wish-
ed to know the truth myself. My first enquiries coo.
vinced me that he had not only followed a syitem of
but little delicacy in his conduct, and been culpable
to a degree that deserved serious punishmint,• but,
that he had betrayed his fidelity to me at the period,
when I most required the support of my well-beloved.,
*objects. I have a right; no doubt, in virtue of my
supreme authority, to make him and all his accom•
pikes undergo the punishment of the laws, but de-
siring to join mercy with justice, and•being perfectly
informed of the circumstances, having myself .seen
in the house of Macanaz .the evidence of his weak-
ness, and also of the excesses which he had commit-
ted, I felt it my duty, for the good and comfort of
my people, to strike at the evil in its root, and to
!soften in some degree the misfortunes of that num-
ber of persons injured: by those weaknesses and ex.
CONIC

" In consequence, I ordain that Don Pedro
Macanaz be deprived of his office, his emoluments,
and his honours ; and that he be imprisoned during.
pleasure in the Castle of San Antonio de Corogne ;
that Don Dvonision Urbatto be also deprived 9f his
office and emoluments, banished 20 leagues from the
Court and Royal residences, and that he fix on the
place where he is to remain confined for eight years,
and besides this, pay a fine 'of 30,000 francs ; that
Louise Petit, a native of France, instantly set forth
from my States for his own country, and give up the
sums found on his person in my presence to lite I
use ,of the General Infirmary; that Don Joseph i
Moragas, Merchant of Mahon, pay a fine of fifteenl
thousand francs; that Doti Jaime Doz, Merchant of`
Madrid, and his son Julian Doz, pay a fine of 06301
francs; ; that Don lAzare de Rode, Francois Estan-
i
ga, Manuel De Cordova, Jean Baptiste Maignien,l
Louise Bobble, and Dominique Grifon, pay each a
sum of 550 francs • that all the above be wertseissaesti
that I am displeased with their conduct, that they '
must be cautions of giving ground for future sus-1
picions; that Don Salvador Colomer be informed
that he mast hold a conduct suitable to his office, and
that the slightest omission on this point shill be At
gorously punished : that the sums of 5000 francs,_
which had been lodged in the hands of Don Jaime
Doz-, and that of 3000 remitted to Don Joseph !
Estanga, ati• well as all the fines above specified, be;
added together, and applied to the subsistence of the
garrison of Madrid. I ordain that this Sovereign I
Decree be published, executed in all its parts, and
this my express order that the process thus terminated
be deposited among the archives.

" At,lie Palace, Nov. 2.5.
•` To Don Juanllirrido.

" I, THE KING.

Such has been the end of the political existence of
the Minister "[scenes, and of this process, 'memo-
rable from the character of the Judge, who, in con-
formity to the Royal instruction, dictated the sen-
tence.

It appears that the Ex-Minister Macanaz, unwor-
thy the confidence of Ms august master, and the
office entrusted to him, was buts man of equivocal
morals, and whose Ignorance and iindiocrity of talent
were brought to light by Mi IoW avarice. -Why wis
it necessary that"the Dectps of the 4th of May, and
the Circular of the 30th of the same mouth, by which
24000 families lost their security and civil existence,
shstiti he tired by the saris which had receivedi
&emu of 100Quowes Sr to ecclesiastical belie-
Lice ? We shall speak no'iporo either of Kt; Macy.
ass, or of this simpler rules.
