,?~.:;,.

•
• •

~_.

venerable writers, Mr. Hooker, wb • said " to lire by
one man's will it the misery of many." It was said thrt
the existence of ale Bill made no difference n the tits.
stint' of these 2.1,41410 persons. It made only th► trifling
difference between liberty and slaver!, heto•. en Middle-
sex and Morocco. With regard to London being made
the centre of conspiracies, it was not likely th it the
,Neapolitans would come here to plot aysin4 the pater-
nal lioyernment of Naples upheld by the baronets of
An•tria. Cott:* they raise ships and troops in this
country ? lie thOngilt it was the last place in the world
at which they would attempt to meet for sub wpm%
The lion. and Learned Member continned to *Tree in
support ado- policy of queen Elisabeth in protecting
Aliens, oml concluded by saying., that he should lot
ashamed to snake it a nutter of boast that his country
did not mike reprisals upon the French lifter the pew .e
of Amiens.
- • • -

Mr. 11. TWISS contended that all nations had a
right to exc.:lisle Foreigners, unle.s they conformed to
the terms laid down for their (slaw-trance. And whets
they were admitted under a particular hareain or agree.
meat, they had no right to complain. Modern Lawyers
tstoi nehbacjv: cen
might draw the cooclusion from Magna Chart; which
which had been drawn that night, hat that wag not the
meaning of one ancestors. One would suppose from
t tbrt
tArliigleieis,ntpssesiiessbiewmeltniiirsce;pls
t.nl:it,naigddieirhiseimnbeynm.theedieinuldto.nlaotwnhi
they were incapacitated from purchasing,or even hal ling
lands; and an Alien at this moment could not be a
holder of a term of years in a house noless for the pur-
poses of comuterse. The Honourable and Learned
Gentleman would Tire the Aliens even greater rights
than those enjoyed by English subjects. The King
weld prevent his subject leaving the kingdom, or meld
reeal him from a foreign country; hut the King had al
WWII power over en Alien ; and as to the argument on
the hardship of the present Bill, it was to he borne in
mind that Aliens entered this conntry with a full know.
ledge of the law and of their liability to he affected le
it. He (Mr. Twiss) conceived there could be its qael•
lion that the power given by the present Bill was pro-
perly lodged in the Executive. It would be prepos-
terous for Parliament to retain it to itself: for the 1W:-
chief might be accomplished while the House was di.-
cussing , the particular question of acting on the lea:
I while one side was calling for confidence and the other
for proofs. It had been argued that this measure might
I expose us to retaliation on the part of foreign Govern-
went", anal yet it had been also argued, that it was in-
I tended for their pacification. Both of those arguments
could nut be well founded, for they were inconsistent
with each other. He dionglit, however, that it was a
precaution due to Foreign Governments, in consequence
of the freedom of our institutions, which bad the effse t
of inviting the factious and the discontented of foreign
countries, and of enabling them through cur press to
disseminate their views all over Europe. The Bill was
not iutended to afford the means of giving up persona
to the veogeanee of theirow•goverement, but merelyto
remove those who were the objects of snspicioo. lo
every point of view, such a removal was not lets political
than just. It was the removal by Mr. Fox of the man
who proposed to him the assassination of Boomparte.
which caused overtures towards peace to be melt by
France. The Bill did not contain those . toes
lures which were contained in it in the first instance.
It merely authorises! removal. anal he begged to caution
the House against the objection to thistle because
we were in a state of peace. The sauf.see might he
smooth, but it did not follow that the elements were
quiet; and the barbunriug of factious and perturbed
spirits would give too much reason to foreign states to
take a tone which would expose us to considerable em-
barrassment.
Sir R. WILSON said, though the Right Hon. Gentle
man charged himself with the responsibility of this Bill,
yet he (Sir R. Wilson) had no doubt it originated with
the Noble Marspless. It was a melancholy originated
ste•Wee
baneful connection of this errantry with European Oa- I
vernments, who hail confederated against the progress
ssf knowledge. The more he looked at this Bill. the
more be was convinced it was stamps ei with the Auto-
crats of Europe. If this were an 'coexists of the Prero-
gative of the Crown, let it be preserved; bat that was
the question ' • and if it were a part of the prerogratire.
why ask for the enactment of a law sow? This Bill was
liable to mech abuse, as was already known from the
harsh treatment exercised towards two Italian domestic..
if it was said that it was to be only held in terrore,m, this
wee the argument for the inquisition and arbitrary
Fewer, till they were established, and then their terrors
were put into full action. However high the e erecter
of the Right Hon. Gentleman was, ler would not intruw
him with such a power—such a pore.' be would not in.
trust to his dearest friend. Perhaps the Right Honour.
able Gentleman was one of !those who wished to possess
arbitrary power, merely that be might have the merit of
abstaining from its exercise. But it was dangerous to
put such a power into the hands of any man. He was
confident that in spite of Alien Bills, and other mea-
sures against the freedom of mankind, Italy would still
be free,and that thetireeks would triumph in their sting
gle agaiest despotism.
Mr.SCARLETTthought it was hopeless to expect that
anything like argument would prevail with Ministers ro
this Bill. He had conceived that the death of Boons.
parte would have rendered the renewal of this Bill alto-
gether unnecessary. Nothing could be so absurd as to,
suppose that foreigners could ever exercise any impropere
influence among the subjects of this country ; and h
could see no reason for the , except that of as-
sisting the police of foreign countries, by removing per-
sons who had become obnoxious to their oven Govern-
' meets. He should, therefore as lie had done before, re-
sist the Bill with all his might. Ile was sorry to see his
Hot and Learned Friend (Mr. Twiss) who had lately
taken a new station on the other side of the house, sur
poet this measure in the way lee ; because the doo-
r, was greaser to the liberties of tie coustry when a
lawyer supported such an obnoxious !till as this,
whick
west to overturn every principle that had hitherto die,
tioguished this from all other countries in the world.--1
Formerly if *slave from a foe gas c stintry set his :-celt or
lesr shores lee was consist' red tie:: frous that inomeat
but now no foreignor couid he free :inane. its for a ws•
•ent ; anal the noble character of the nation would be
change,' fur ever.
Mr. Sergeant ONSLOW defended the Bill; the
Oster of the Crown call a 'or it on his owe response
—(Hear, hear.)—And that was neither new nor
constitutional.
.Ir. SCA RLETT explained. thi
Mr. DENMAN said lir entree no stage of
11111 to piss without giving it his ii-.vied opposition. -
So proof whatever had hr. a given fur tier siecessi'y
it. The power whirl, it gave was not 4-entitled to tl
Home Secretary of State, Far eaeli of :het wo
it other
rnuries bad S
an potver with 1;;:o sil was 1'"
passible to know iVliettier .1s• no. er veweil them 14'1
,tot been al aVSabliScd. There ',4‘1:011-• al every reason ts,
W . mreiu directly it hail
hostile here abuto the novas of sed. Tlw erovisdMagma Carts lnins 01 the bi'
wiein lds gave protection to all foreign inerenatta rewiliet
this country. Ile could not believe that an Englo
lloUSe of eollituons, in the eighth yes'. of peace. ilea.
consent to this most ohnoxione oleaSure, lOrrrl,beCa
Right lion.tientleinan wished to leave this dangers,
;sower vested in his hands. A Right Hon. liettik.6l:',
sad talked of conspiracies in other ronsitriee. '
:wean to say that the revolutions in Spain and Fortee:
and South America were convirades? Was the Roo
0 be told that the people of those countries had ea

c
r. Hooker, eels a said 6• to live be
misery of many." It was said abet fTK
11111
till made no difference n the situ.
persons. It male only the trifling 1
hefty and slavery, 'veto, en Middle- Ile
aft
Pith regard to London being made
acies, it was not likely th it the es
awe here to plot against the pater- Pe
Pet
:Arles uphold by the bay•orts of
y raise ships anal troops in this Hsu
dot it was the last place in the world Mal
I attempt to meet for each wpm% Pir
ed Member continued to *ream in pi
•of queen Elisabeth in protecting
ed by saying, that he should l lie
at
a matter of boast that his country
Os upon the French after the peze.e je
contended that all nations bad a irl
,reigners, unless they canformed to tel
a for their ob•ervance. And when ed
under a particular ...argain or agree.
iglu to complain. Modern Lawyers CO
,elusion from Magna Chart; which
lawn that night, hat that was not the
vectors. One would *appose from te
laud been innate on this subject Hat
asidereal by the old law to have equal stl
Englishmen. But, on the contrary, ee
:awed from porch aging, or even hal ling
ten at this moment could not be a
f years in a house sinless for the put- al
le. The Honourable and Learned iw
are the Aliens even greater rights te
n 1 by English subjects. The King
'abject leaving the kingdom, or meld
reign country; but the King had ea
is Alien ; and as to the argument nn
e present Bill, it was to he borne in
sitered this conntry with a full know. 1
nal of their liability to he affected le
s) conceived there could be its (Oft •
tr given by the present Bill was pro-
le Executive. It wonlai be prelim-
tent to retain it to itself: for the te::-
-mnplished while the House was di.-
silar question of acting on the lea ;
a railing fair confidence and the other
I been argued that this measure might
stiun on the part of foreign Goren,-
had been also argued, that it was in-
arification. Both of those arguments'
founded, for they were inconsistent
Ile thongio, however, that it was a
Foreign Governments, in consequence e
our institutions, which bad the effeet
actions and the discontented of foreign
enabling them through ear press to
views all over Europe. The Bill was
(ford the means of giving up persons
of theirow• government, but merelyto
o were the objects of snispicioo. In
w, such a removal was not lees political
s the removal by Mr. Fox of the wan
him the assassination of Boomparte. 1
artures towards peace to be made by
ill did not contain those . fen
e contained in it in the first instance.
[seal removal, and he begged to caution
at the objection to this .betas se
ate of peace. The surface might he
id not follow that the elements were
barbunriug of factions and perturbed
e too much reason to foreign states to
h would expose us to considerable sus-
IN said, though the Right Hon. Gentle.
itself with the responsibility of this Bill,
ilson) had no doubt it orignsoted wits.
teas. It was a melancholy proof et Vim 4
ion of this mantes, with European Oo-
hed confederated &pleat the progress
The more he looked at this Bill, the
minced it was striped with the Auto-
If tido were an exorable of the Iworo-
rown, let it be preserved; bet that was
od
if it were a part of the prerogrative,
enactment of a law sow? This Bill was
abuse, as was already known from the
exercised towards two Italian domestics.
at it was to be only held is terroreda, this
sent for the inquiction and arbitrary
were established, and then their terrors
ail action. However high the c erecter
an. Gentleman was, br would not intruat
a power—such a power be would not in.
rest friend. Perhaps the Right Honour.
I was one of Noose who wished to possess
merely that be might have the merit is
11 its exercise. But it was dangerous to
er into the hands of any man. He was
in spite of Alien Bills, and other Ines-
de freedom of mankind, Italy would still
:thetireeks would triumph in their strug
potisw.
,:TTthought it was hopeless to expect that
argument would prevail with Ministers ro
had conceived that the death of Booms-
we rendered the renewal of this Bill sabri-
ng. Nothing could be so absurd as to
'Feigners could ever exercise any improper
ag the subjects of this country ; and he
'won for the , except that of are
of foreign countries. by removing per-
become obnoxious to their own Govern-
tsulal, therefore as he had done before, Fr-
ith all his might. Ile was sorry to see his
lied Friend (Mr. Twiss) who had lately
cation on the other side of the house, sup-
lure in the way be diet ; because the dea-
n to the liberties of ti e country when a
ted such an obnoxious Lill as this, +thick
sin every principle that had hitherto dig-
is from all other countries in the world.--
slave from a foe is. c itintry tort
his on
was considered IteC hoes that inomest-
preign.lr could he free .mong ass for a ss-
le noble character of the nation %souls! ha
vet.
ant ONSLOW defended the Bill; the
Drown roll a 'or it on his owe respoesibili
war.)—And that was neither new *or a
;LETT explained.
MAN said he would atiff.r um stage of tbi
without giving it his opposition.
atever hal here given fur the siecessiry
wer which it gave was not ronnited to th
tall of State, for eaiili of :het wo oth
ere S
lan euinoi paver with hiuli ; soul i 111
inow Whether .11• Dower se*teil is. them I"'
aysalunsrd. There was 11 every reasonl
ad here abused. The Fr.syieinns of the bit
iy hostile to the words ref Magla aide,
protectionto all forrizn merchants resulriv
try. Ile could rod believe that an Eng 1,
commons, in the eighth ye‘r peace. sou
Isis most obnoxious measure, mere', h
n. ecs
Gentleman wished to have this 'tangelo'''.
in Isis luanuls. A Right Hoe. lientlre
.
olconspiracirs in other countries. a
y that the revolutions in Spain and Fertile:
America were conspiracies? Was the Hoe
hat the people of those countries bad 0,1
