THE STA'

~ ... , .
~..
_ , „/". •e • -e- •-ew ;•••-r- • . Archduke Charles, which is
Itcciamettine end cries of " Vive lo,Roi '." . The The; itateof the French Governments-or ;Ober A Jetttoll of t
p'•.tfo:fil W here. flue iitanmuratinn took place was this „,n,..1,.. 1. ' t•and al •of . lloh- tor at lkostirla ieil met our for Dijon, whereas be morrow.
~ .e cascrgantza ton absence a pe
levity ailorneti,t rnagnific:nt canopy of crimson vel. „
- ay announced, diet the Em....
. - -the King of Sweden is entirely
--
five Goverentent, has been productive of universal is still he reds. ,
vet embroidered with gold Is us plactql Upon it, es hi • Ai eiligo 4 which was never dengerm
well es elegantly at*.orited beats fur the persons who c""i'leraai" !ad dlsmaY i irdl•ls efl'et may be seen 'Ne4 gig , i to the new compisitinn 'Of sicinets,
in reports to the contrary.
attended this august ceremony. in the itonni thetenvelopes ell tramseclions and opi- the • Ministry. '.4t; de 'Richelieu iecstill,--boteever, g
de Vlat4NS, SEPT. 13.-The hr
The Queen 'IA hiticesees Dowager of oYrangeand iii,,tis ; And in the hue-reled precturiore, of tee ph. mentioned se Minister- of Foreign Affairs; M.
Brunswick were at the balcony of an Hotel Opposite •'-'
regn atsai...; in and about Patel. The Allied -Sore-
the platform. Grosbole, eflostke; M. de Vaubtanc, of the Lo- begin to be felt. By a Treat,
_After the oath slid the proclamation of the !.eral.l-, sei4tos love net. left the capital. They are miller, , teller; M. G_audin, of
pensioners who were paid by A,
Finances; cod M. Dubou- Austria and the King of the Net
chage of the Mantle.
satick was made marls. the soiled of cannon and thii Owing indieatietei of a ditermitretinti to keep pews- .
• reclamation' Aunt multitude, the proceseiuts repair- - l
. . . _lt is a& :aede that the Ministry of the Police will be•paid by the Netherlands;' the
rd to the church of St;Gusiole, toaeterti teaulse toßunn rit.hae arrived iu. Paris with fresh reinforce- be *oppressed, and converted into a post of mere It is little less . thee -450,000
the Almighty. merits of troops, and is to estaltlish hislu;el-guarters General Direction, which 'willlse entrusted to M. de Already a great number of Ilelgi
Brabant
;Die see'
,Rile. Air. 11ille, the chief priest and Pie- , Gazes, Ptefeet 'ofTelice.
The appearance of this Officer is ester „
bale, l'ollnaed by hie clergy, received the King at the 'lit V "."111". Tito station at the Museum is ,no loegeroccuoied The exchange upon Augsbe
pencipel door of the church, and ad}lresited to him rep card in Paris as ominous of some military violence;
eART.SttIME, Styr. 18.-01fii
the foil o w iag. (I,xeoursa :- and in this instance the apprehensions of the Parisians by"the•Netionat querd. For the test two days FT- ' A
.
1 ish troops have done duty at - the door and in the in- received that the' kead•quarterr
'' Sias: -It iY nn lid+ ever-man'orable day ; yes have been realized. The scandalous act of whole- ' I
it. is at thin peppy moment when, taking in your , terror of this.boilding.
salt pillage committed at the Louvre, on Tuesday •
' hands, by the inangural rumple the reigns of the , '' is It has been observed that the Duke de Richelieu Strasburgh, and that our from
not detailed to the Public Joey's's, but it is avowed
kingdom of the Netherlands, you become truly the has lately had many audiences of. the King, and that take up very extended canto)
image of the divinity upon earth ; it is, therefore, to that the English troops are in possession of the
be wore the uniform -
a 3 Russian General Officer. same . .
you, Sire, as the Minister of God, that• our holy Louvre, and that the National Guards, who did duty The pamphlet entitled " Cleg reney and Justicc,4. BASLE, SEPT. 16.-We were
church commands our submission and obedience, and over the Museum, have been displaced. The private : M leant two daysago, that by order
without doubt sae shall endeavour to fulfil these easy is said to be from the pen of M. de Monpillard.
,
accounts state, that immediately after the English;
deal.' by unconstrained submission .autl by filial obe.The ill-dieposed are ever upon the alert tocreate thovities the works of the f'
d end-, in the firm persuaeinn that y our Majesty
will guard took possession of this valuable repository, uneasiness: They spread a report yesterday that the'J were not yet to be raised. They
i
. .gorern us as a father governs his children. ' which was after the Prussians Inagiven full scope to
stationed' Mont-de•Piete had just bean taken pose Minn is to hi suspended till fere
• " Yon will Man Protect, Slre, this same religions • their rapacity, the taking down and packing our session of by. foreign troops,. which is not the fact. i Paris. It is kttown that .5 cone
orlich ought 'to make the most serupubios Catholic b
0 rb
,since it is guarantevd to us by sue commenced
and statues as had' escaed them' "
perfectly easy and the Win" •P •ashiwl"•""tifl" Can ' p , They write from Lisle, on she 20th instant :- We patched to the Emperor of Atts• I
......!T-tve-rensiii
commenced for behoof 'of the Dutch. The re- have just heard hem Paris, that Ms Majesty wishing, the caPitulatiort Of the prate. •. d
Constitution itself. part is, that an application was made by the teorvormpence the bravery end fidelity of those of the orders of the Emperor end
aa
. ~
After ao marry ,whi
y favoreh, the Almighty has Duke of Mr .fitutscrox, as• Commander in Chief of his subjects who have Owen a. devotion to his.-serer' berg, and in •atiswei.to the dispatches
josysoposiots, cud particularly in the deliverance the Dutch as well as British armies, for the restore- vice, doting the presence -of the Marys', bee just ' rier, - that the deinolition has '
- - Wild reinstetement of our Holy Father, Pius VII., i
of all the pictures that were taken from Holland given order, that
,the. Officers, subalterns, and. so!. that the labourers have been sea`
we have only to approach his holy altars to render tine
him our thanks, and to implore him long to preserve and the Low Couutries, at the beginning- of the diets, who entered into the 2:d regiment of the, less mines have been fixed in the
your Majesty, your august Consort, and all the FrenCh revolution. , The King answered that
.they North,, shall be admit/int into his guard. This regi-j The bullets•and bonibs found ,
Royal Family ; that people may long say and re- were not his property, but the property of the as- ment p.owerfutiy -contributed to the deliverance of still being transported to Galgenfe
peat, in. the intoxication of their hearts, 46 Long
lion, and that a communication should be made to the deirirtments•erf. the North and of the Pas del Gen. Wimpfen is charged
Kite oar good King William I.! Inn; :ire our good without the assistance of any foreign Power. I the Allied Ticerpso in a 'very
the House of Deputies upon its opening, of this de- ("a' labs
OWN' I Long, live our beloved Prince of Orange!
and feel' live all the Royal Family !" , mend. The reply of the British Minister was, that i -.The fortress of Chayhossunt still defeuds itself, and the absence of the. Archduke Ft
Ilia Majesty received the Clergy with that kind- his orders were peremptory, and,esabove-mentioned, I can hold out a long time. ' i cleaners are iu this city.
nisi which imitators! to bins; seemed satisfied delth.ehe has enforced the execution of them. And thus i The life of the celebrated Whitbread has been pub-.I .It is affirmed, that the Atiate
this disCeacaif and answered, " that after • the oath
the Duke of WELS,INOTON and the British army are. fished at London. Ms bust will be placed in the on their march to recross the
.. 1
which he bid just taken to maintain the Constitu- ' Town trail oY Bedford. .. .. . 1 home, have received orders tur
become picture collectors to the. King of the Neilsen.
~_ „ . • -• I
Hen, nobody ought to doubt of his protecting, with
M. besage has just put the question-" It coy for new instructions from Paris.
alit' his power, the Catholic religion, as well as its LANDS ; and the causes of war between this country.
one can be a greater Royalist than the King 1" H. FRENCH FUNDS.—,5 per Cent
Visiisturs." . • . end France are to.be•perpetuated, and endless bur- ,
• A canopy was erected in the sanctuary of this snag- teens imposed the British people in order that the' decides in the arnralatleet
on end charitably proposes Actions 997 f. 50 c.
nificeut Temple to receive his Ma j'a'y, while the • ! the dismissal of the Public Functionaries, no doubt I
Hollanders and Belgians may get beak sone old trash
principal *personages of the Monarch present at ' from the Prime Minister to the door-keeper.
tins magnificent and religious ceremony, were ranged of pictures and statues, which they made no effort to! . clay
before yesterday, about three o'clock, a*
under the choir, which was adorned with that- fa. keep when they lost- them I The
considerable crowd assembled tenon the easy Vol-
ewes . tapestry so renew nod in our country, and'.l -The Public Journals do not enter on the causes of tame on the sadden appearance ef a Capuchin. The
which retain to this day all the splendour of their itie change in the 'Ministry ; - bet those which occa- '
colours. After the Te Deum the King returned.to . , (Efferent attributes of his order, his gown, tong beard, •
' stoned tare tesigtiation of Foucdix are said, in private
the Pelee", and placed himself in the balcony, hat- &c.,excited stir most lively curiosity. The guard
to be thus specified in his 'Motto the King; a, 'Quer-eon his right hand, and on his left the advicelY
came and took hint (*the station dc la Monnaie. To
' .Princesiee of Orange and Brunswick, the Prince and the same comities an the Part of the rest of the ' the quetione put to him, he did • •
.noe give precise
*nye' and his brother, Prince Frederick, a little he- Ministers may of course he atrriboted to the same ' cn„Wera, only that lie come from gpats,„• ite was
• • Bind. • Four Pages held the' train of his Majesty's
causes. lie solemnly averred that-" he was prompt- : then con• ducted to the Prefecture of Polk,. We
--1119,7... k. - The Company trelite of the City Guard
ed by no views of ambitions, but, 'solely -by a love know not what has been desisted' open respecting,
was placed opposite the Palace, and the other com-
panies on each side. His M ijesty saw the troops of of country, in accepting of office at the critical i hien
I
all arms file off before hint; their appearance was • period of his blepsty's return; that he was in hopes ! The Wooden barracks which had been built foe
utartifieent, and this review, which lasted half an - of consolidating hit Majesty's throne by purslane st-: the Prussian troops, lit the court of the Hotel de
hour, was interrupted only by enthuriastic and re- !s tof Government
iterated cries of " Long live the King ! Long live ys en'i.
theteen?' At half•past four the King
resumed • people; but that lie had been constantly thwarted • sold the 26111 inst. et the Hotel de Ville de Paris.
a-
.to his apert•eents. In theevening the City was toil- in his endeavonrs by a baneful spirit .4.1` opposition .Bounon.wx,.Stirr. lii- The Crmecil of War of
:Mail) lillunii mated. I existing in different Members of his Majesty's, Pa- , the .1 lth Military Division, at Bootrdeassx, on the
m.__111tame44,,,,104,...-___. """""="': wily, whose influence hail ninthly been productive of i 13th instant, sentenced to death Joseph Messed anti-
Arr. • • --"--e' • " Writs ' Pee '
1 ...)........;.f... Frame AP infinite niischier,. and if coffered to prevail, mustJean-Pierre Creillier, horse genti.irmes; and to tee
I .•• —.,...•—• wm.._,..,.!wit. .... . 1 - eventually bring on their own mine and that Yea" baandunents Jean-Benoit Aubert, Joseph.
0- • &mew •.. • ••• ' 1
..- .. _
~ 'at his Majesty and the nation ; that her bogs Lord', and Arsenne Guettier, foot gendarntf all'
e leave to resign the power corsfided to him by his Ma-
of whom were on their way from the Army of the
icily, its the first. place, because he can peerage it Loire to rejoin Harkin:lo4es at Pau, and were
with no benefitto the Sovereign or to his cown arrested on the 12th instalite4bating
try, the tri-coloured-
as long as this fatal influence is allowed to subsiint cacikade' • •
and; in the next, because he cannot alai his name to These condemned penotte'appeated, arid. roterday • wa•sayaeat ta--iiiita: diai'ihe
ed h befoul the Cosocii.
was ear
a Treaty. so-disgraceful to France as that which is the appeal • Sonth-of Ireland are increasing.
One Counsel; for the whole stated pis piles Of S. private letter from Dublin,
!dictated to her by the Allied Cabinete."-
nutlity, the mostpowerful of
Now, how comes it that the party pursuing thisaye-" We are in a very unsettled
country, from the opposition
.
system, se inimical' to the wiabru of the majority of plication of the punishment s loadeennatiort _being
grounded on Articles 111 end i 04.2 ot the Pend Code.. ountr
; insurgents.,, ..
umbel was yesterday said to be
the French people, and tio discreditable and &goat.
After two hours deliberation with closed dears, „. .
The following are eztrietS
ing to the age in which we live, have obtained the ,
the Sittings became again 'public the sentence Pa • .
power of perpetrating mischief to France and disor. ' oft; papers:-. •
first Judges was annulled unanimously, and the " let adilillon to 04 90:b.90:b.end.
der to Europe; and to whom is this issued the ne-
the
rimmed were•sent to be tried before the new Council which have Matched for tire &tent,-
goriaHons to be imputed ? It is clear that any ar-
i-rangement which has not the approbation of the of War, which hto take cognizance of then con; have "cl";:eitireluitdhatiatirticka 'kilt Virnal,"'
formably to Articles- 19 eel 20, of the law :I' the goon s-a-s'e -1
• --e*.men-
,
French. people, and is not honourable to )fie Govern'. 13th Brumaire, in the year 4.. • .Cheshire Militia, left soon yes:,
Pants's, Snerl'l2.-The Funds continue to rise.. stelivetesaraiineredgeinsiteitiiiatst:oiri;
ment that aigne it, must be rather an armistice than
ontWoetttlienr"nrittri a general pacification ; and that a new war • - '
The Obligationi of the Provinces of Ponserweia end- their' antra li)r that much-Jilt
must be the consequence of the present conduct
the New Marche 'are above par,. and the Treasury (Freenran's Journal, Sept. It.)
of she Allies.- —And is the war never to have
Bills were quoted yesterday. upon 'Change at 9s. ' • . Mantis'. I..Aw '7..64 A Prity.l.
an end, and are we never to ha allowed to revert to . day, to which the A•rvontrierXk
. , for 106. . ..,
a 'peace establishment ? Can this country tontines the , ' mooed from Kilkenny. Their dill
Lately was interred at Altena-. a small till:me 0. t
enormous expenditure to which it is new expovd,and .-- - . -course, secret ; but it is sortitived
the count f • . ).
r 0 March, anoll/cer of the. Israelite re- 7siltstkr the Inserrectien Bill, -*Wit
eau we expect the retina of trade and' other marks i• • .
igton, who Made the lasecampaign. His sword was "clairned."-(Duletin Journal.). .
of national prosperity, while the expenditure of the pt • I
acet upon the coffin, with i crown' of *keret • the BLAcIE-REATII.—WitAoN Ail
State continues at a hundred and twenty millions a Lutheran Clergy joined is the funeral ' • breakfasting with his friend Mr. Dr
3- procession to-
year . Can the-horrible system which is now atL by him and two or three Mora Of
the Church-yard, and
the Chief Pastor prououeced.. •
tempted to he imposed on France be restored ?..look at • his funeral oration. 8 ' •
- to the Hare end end Billett. • The Petlee
: to be as strong at when he first bitgar
the nature of it, Reader, as detailed in- the extracts we 11Ao0e11010a, Sil.ri. • 'lO. Tlie . :Ukase, which regretted mach that he had been
are making from a work oil, the subject in another prohibits the importation or woollen, c •
uttuu, sad gisterial.interferencefrourcompleii
I.in, of our Paper. People of-Great Britain! will silk gOods into Benin, ,the actuarstate.
of France' aa be Was•certein Of accomplistree
lye expend your blood and treasure to. replunge 213 and Saxony, and. the scarcit ' r in Germany, !limited.- Reports are circulated te_
y o money
millions of your fellow-cieatures iota- the horrible are very injurious to commerce in the", Partse'-alli
es theptejudice of certain Gentlemen
beer% I h' hit • h
abyss of slavery and miser:), from • which they have, English intindete us with • ' oot ,w lc might not be -
their merehandise,- and peat'fa
we can o y tefer our
by singular exertion, so happily escaped?' if ;
.. abe they attempt at the asset • •
sassed.,, to Inveigle our bests,. for further particulate.
Dot to restore this system; and lo gy atify the anthi. ,aie -- -sky'LL •• -• ' •
ans awe/ - - - • : w, . _. -
.
_ .

Brussels and Frankfort Papers,
rived this forenoon. They state,
several Russian Officers had ar
direct the march of the Russian ,
France, who are to march thro,
capital, and-ihet their passage, woo!'
but add, that the Austrian reserve,
(heir return home, had reroised
they•oaifed in expectation of
the Rhine and re-enter France, ,
1 peace proposed by the Allies should,
that the Prussian armies were reinforcing
expedition. By the last account,
,it appears that Sedan has sore
still holds out. Several tumultuno,

here hiked Owe at Retort, limn,
occurred at Strasburgb. The Germal

cific arringvnient takes place it

talf ATot:aut
het. Cent. Red Amur
per .:eat Cough 54 7
4 Per Cast. abut
fo per Cokt.f. Nay, 051}

fir'

,AY OfillfdrCLOClll.
Legg. Ana. •bbt
India H.M. 7 r d
adiemper Blab 4 5 d
thaaltun
Ccusak t• r An. 57k

thy tiolcgovattow of tho
tasteleai ceremony.
It is stated that ihe city of Soy
the forkish yoke, mid declar'd '

THE . ST4ITESMAN.

.•..

ZONDO,V:

stamp, no 6!,

IT, 1815.

•
The Paris Papers of geode, last arrived this fore.
. noon. The first thing that strikes as is the extract's,
dinary depression of public confidence inhibited in
the state of the funds, which, in consequence of the
l
change in the Ministry,.the unfavourable impressions
.created by the nature of the pending Treaty, and this
rumours or extensive pima, hove fallen three per
Cent. within these few, days. The five per Cents..
are now fluctuating between 56 and 57:
Toe new Ministry is not yet officially announced
consequently nothing is yet known with certainty esd
to it composition. The statements in circulation con-
lbw to give the first place in the Administration tb
the Duke of !barmy; t. but vary the nominations-1
to some of the other important appointments; and
Ogle that material alterations are to be made in the
construction and duties of shine or the departments.
For instance—tha,4epartment• or General Police,'
which is an office growing out or the lievolutien,
and is of so comprehensive a nature that it cannot bey'
confiied to any 'single Minister without making him
the head of the State, is to lie lessened of its.state im-
portance, and concerted into a mere post of direc-
stion, to he entrusted to M. Casa, the present Pre-
fect of Parisian Police. This may- he II- necessary,
Ind

but it appears to us a dangerous inuovatinn ;al it' ;ion of arbitrary ..._ .- ..
ivtisarchs, frpr,wlmkorealviswaw.ss
is peculiarly so at tbe prevent moment. The duties 0 i,
)II( swg must Wens to vssinanstrests.: • - • .
and powers which attach to this office,. under Its I T
Yeats,
SEPT. 21.M4t *k -innoiniei, that
,A(•
present coast tuctinn, are more intimately connected ti Feisty is appointed Secretary. IS the' talbSsSy to
,visji the Royal authority than any other Mtiviv.-! Dresden. ~. . - •
tSrial faasion ; and if it be not filled by an efficient( Report' yesterday assigned fhor-situmion of Di.
1-inister, the Crown, and even the fife of Louts, rector and Administrators-Generat:ot the NE, fe
' unit be efipnsed In new and the most imminent Baron d'Ogwy, brother ,p,f the...last Intendant-Ge.-
dangers. M. VAttit..tec is named Minister for the neral of the Potts, before the'llexolueioniaktid At
'uterine.; and M. G AUDIS of Finance. i M. Delainaisonfort and Gavin.• .

rourtst• , I .. . i ..4r endeirstaud that it is intruded
:11astatieutt, 55ee..12....-The-Engliiii Govern/nem. • tii• prirptise esily 'ill the nest Sesalr
bar ramrod it .to be ennounced.to our Senile, that Pei eet. on Property, as•a' aulistiii
it .weirld-endeeiretir to °Weis fume P`.awee the ~ id Taxes of erperayriskiin,dape.
re
nominal
.. -One of the
bitioit'of. the ;liiiidi oT our bank.. Tail :ewe ie ae. issioriation harin l e f NI b
al ch
theey-
witblif.
bitlnererest' tkretiered,, tifiaitilesee:cawth' er:toeur
St.* j'editiestfriar...;,itstelioijearsheiia taken pig rill:: nlhrapr:itica... i
„...; end who arssii to found
Set irto wwwiriieutly upon tbitieliject. ' . .:
' g1414114;j:, a .. ...: . . ..
Filo": fa..o•Alrse,
or fut.. NI
414 z, Sior. Sir- . • • - g4pru zicaanoitoucte has redoord.
Many persons• 4 mih 'auk; ira,e re • . -. ..., 'Yorkshire abd Lincolnshire Eitatiii,
paired wit .twast
•Stwasty percent. comaisavieg at lady.
Wt' tei6-1-/et!. be Oreleat: . at . the lIIIMage. of 'ttai., (Leeds Paper.)
:.:

it.

. #

-~
