4?'

i .

It•il
1
, , .
; _ .

,
,

A yH

.---

lammaytand therefieffi• If they were to surntsh any
Wag In the shape etat the Hon. Gentleman wish-
ed for, it could only be fallacious. With- respect to
the other. informatlon stated for, he was really
astonished that a Member of the experience of-the
lion. Gentleman could call for papers of such a de-'
scription, as all the memorials and remonstrattces
submitted to Government, under which'head mint be
Inchmied all the letters written by inditicluals smart.;
lug under their losses. If the Admiralty. wore to be
put upon their trial in this, way, it would, at least,
produce this elect, that the number of memorials and
vemonsirances would be incalculably increased, and
the afferent offices of Government would be loaded
with complaints of the most unjust, scandalous, and
vexatious nature. He bad no hesitation therefore in
giving a direct negative to the request of the Hon.
Gentleman, satisfied as he was, that in any case of
neglect ims the part of Administration, there were,
Ileutbers in the House sufficiently vigilant totting it
forward and put his Majesty's Ministers on their de-
fence. Ile therefore hoped the Hon. Gentleman
would not press his motion. ,
Mr. BARING said he was not calling for vague
information, but merely wished for the production
of the complaints made by persons complaining of in-
sufficient protection on the coasts of the West Indies
and America. It was well known that the Jamaica
merchants could not send brokers from one Port of
island to another for the American privateers.—
..h1 see no objection to the production of such

question was then put and the motion ne-
-1 without a division.
Ship Owners' Relief Bill COnimitment was
'ned to Monday next.
DAVIES GIDDY moved for leave to bring
for regulating the Fees of. Clerks of the
exigible from persons tried and acquitted.—
iven.—Adj OP rned.

FRENCH P4PX&S'.

IMAYENCE, Aram 11.

AITAIACT OF A LETTER MOW ■ls VAJESTY.
The corps of the Prince of Moskwa, 60,000
is in advance of Erfurt. Its advanced guard,
ittled by General souham, is at Veyma.
wee hundred Prussian Hussars have been over.
by the 10th Hussars ; we took 60 men and
icers from them, one of whom was an Aid.
of General Blucher. The enemy has no
upon the left bank of the Elbe.
The Duke of Ragusa is at Gotha with the Gth
Corps, 60,000 men strong.
The Duke of Istria is with the Imperial Guard
Esenach.

General Bertrand, with the 4th corps of 60,000
at Cobourg.
:he Viceroy is in the same position, his left
Irted by the Elbe at the mouth of the Sallie; his
Bernbourg, his right to the Marta.

,rtes arrive from all sides, and the enemy will
•ced to a speedy retreat."

NIAGDMIURG. AFRTL ?J.
,CT OF A I.IiTTEIL Fctoat A SUR-OFFICER IN THE
134TH COHORT.

Y DtAn Famin,--You cannot form an idea

. situation here. -After all I had heard a set
bragadocias say, who sometimes talk to frighten
childen, I expected to find very few comrades
In the road, 1 began clearly to see that it was
...with troops; but once at Mayettce and its
lbourhood it was a world. I remained stupified
During more than three weeks which I so-

in these parts, notwithstanding that corps
departed, the number of troops did not diminish,
:onsequence of the influx of those arriving. At last
need with others. When we are in line, I assure
ridr. famous company. One must have seen
Bete it. You know it is a long time since I
'ar. I
am an old soldier; I have seen many
have commanded many recruits ; but on my
haie never seen finer. Our cohort has not
the regiment of which it forms a part. Our
healthy, cud their appearance affords plea-
They manoeuvre well. I promise you the
will be content with them when he opens
ball. These Prussians make a noise as if they
'es to defend. They are rascals ; they mai-
, us in the retreat, and we were thoroughly
awed they were playing us a double game ; but
see them again, and woe to the reckon-
There is but one cry throughout the whole
respecting them. Either I deceive myself, or
41' will be devilishly hot. Cannons, and no-
but cannons, are to be seen ; and all the horses
you have sent us with short tails, go iemark-
st. : we laughed when the Emperor asked for
Here they are, however, with men upon
Do not sell your quarter of the vineyard, for
lave a good campain, my intently' is to de-
fy Atiebn4ips, pod I will boy-.it fiee roe' •

AUSTRIAN STATE PAPER.
Frineili I. by the Grace of God Emperor of
King of Hungary, Bohemia, Gallicial• and
Ida; tke., Archduke of Austria, &c.
events of late years, and especially of that
has last closed, must neeessarily have tie most
influence on the relations of our Empire.—
peace and war, the prosperous or untoward si-
of the States contiguous to us, inevitably
on the tranquillity and welfare of the people
'rusted to us by. Providence.
much we have endeavoured to render the
which we have been hitherto necessitated to
by the state of things, compatible with the
interests and the prosperity of our subjeots,
themselves will gratefully acknowledge. That
object of our exertions,—the aim of all the great
extraordinary sacrifices demanded of our pro-
' during the last year,—bas been the establish-
if possible, of a tranquillity built on lasting
Ations, not only our own Empire but all
ipe *oust be thoroughly convinced.
'1 as we now cherish the hope, in thoimpending
of the fate of Europe, to retteer available that
which Is secured to us by the state of our
!noway, and our relations with other Powers,
generally, towards the commis advantage, from
.
trbrh par awn is insepavable k *toms the

more necessary,

of our military

•

quote to so important
The greater have b
have exhibited to
co-operation in
our'reige. the'
their featly -
the most important,_
upon the establishment
lilessoid consequences,-
is the object of so mat
It has, however, beets tfie object of plasmal
solicitude, to obtain the means of supplying oar con-
sequent extraordinary necessities by a measure, which
without requiring of our subjects such immoderate
sacrifices as might distort? the prosperity of roe finan-
cial system, or the most important pursuitt of indus-
try, will better manifest the confidence which we
place In our people.
As we still persevere in the resolutions wbick were
rinade known in the Ordinance of the 20th of Feb.
11811, never, and on no account, to increase the
number of Redemption Rills, so we have found it
necessary to establish a considerable and immedia-
tely applicable Pund, by way of enticipation; on a
portion•of the best-secured revenues of the state.—
We have therefore resolved, and do ordain, as fol-
lows :-
1. Tower& the credit of this anticipntion-fund, we devote the
! annual sum of 3:lso,ooUllorins, which. fur twelve years ensuing,
commencingwith the year 18W,Ihaa1 be yearly sefapart for that
purpose out of the receipt of the.land•rcvenuc in our German,
Bohemian, and fiallician provinces.
V. As the united Redemption and Extinction Committee. by
their *coml:tie performance of the dutktextrinted to them, have
merited, nor gratify* and the general ealledlilllee. we also place
in their haoth the exclusive inanagensead:ltie funds ad issuing
as aforesaid.

- 3. For this purpose the fore aid sum of !1.750,000 florinsiarlslog
on of the receipts of the hind-tax, shall be yearly paid over to
the Rrdemption and Extinetiun Committee, by which-means
they will receive, within the before fixed period of twelve
years. lbtrstnn of 43 millions of florins.
4. Bat that. the whole of this fund may be applicable named'.
sloe may require, to the defrtying of the extraordinaryexpes-
diture. we wathorise thesaid Redemption Committee to prepare
Anticipation Hills, to the amount of 0 millidns of florins, and
to place them at the disponil of our Exchequer.
3. The form of these Anticipation Hills, according to their
various aob..divisions, will be made known by another Ordi.
stance. _ _

6. The Redemption Committee shall be respovsible for ex-
tinguishise yearly, from the year 1414, a sum of 3,750,1100 florin
Anticipative Bills, and they shall regularly make known the
accurate fulfilment of this obligation.
7. As the Anticipation Bilk which in this way will come
into circulation, are covered by au ample fund of the securest
nature, by ascAns of which they will be completely extinguished
within the period of twelve years,—we therefore hereby order
them to be received at their fall value in all payments to the Ex-
chequer, sis well as in private transactions, and in all other
ways in which they may be employed.
Given at Vienna, this 13th of April, 1813.
FRANCIS.

THE S'I'4I7IESMiIN.

LONDON:
TRinAlf, MAY 7, 1813.
-.l+l

Cadiz, Malta, Corunna, and Lisbon Mails ar-
rived this morning, bringing a variety of intelligence,
which will be found in the following extracts.—The
most important article of information is in the Co-
runna Diary, which states, that Lord WELLINUTON
had given up the command of the Spanish troops to
their own Generals:—

RUA

flir9

FOP:

Marv* from' Andalisle is going eiwoot al! An join the,'
4th, by order of Government, in consequence of
Which this army will amount to a considerable force.
It is said that' Lord Wellington, Mo.retigned eel
baton, as General in Chief, requesting the Spanish
Generals to govern their subalterns according to their
wirti mode, and agreeably to their tactics and
order/.
SEVILLE APRIL 6.—On Sunday bast, there was a
great review of the Infantry and cavalry here; they
are well clothed, fed, and appeared in admirable
condition.
INTELLIGENCE FILOK THE FRONTIERS OP BATRA AND

TRAS•OIIMONTES.

It appears that the French will evacuate Sala-
manca, and entirely rubs the dty and large build-
lap,
/which served fdr hospitals; and magazines for
the Allied Army ; this intelligence we believe, be.
cause we know that since the Wth of March, the
French have been sending to Valladolid all their
sick and baggage, and all those attached to the
Frenckperty have taken the same road, an evident
sign alas approaching retreat.

-Cu *&n IttyDRIGO, Aram 10, 'MEC O'CLOCk,
v. 11.—.—An boar ago, General Castanos arrived here,
he will remain remain some days ; his head-quarters
will be immediately established at Aldea del Obispo.

Ar*lL, 14.--Our General set out yesterday morn-
ing fsr Frenada, to dine with Lord Wellington; and
the temainder of the head-quarters have likewise

prsaed to Aldea del Obispo, where his ,Ezcel-
lei4y was to sleep the same night, and it is said, he
will remain there till the • movements of the armies
commence, which, they say, will be delayed for some
time yet.
The Intendant and his assistants are is Caceres,
preparing magazines of provisions for the Army of
Reserve from Andainsia, which, with 2000 of Gen.
Freyre's, are coming from that province to act, as
we are assured, by the bridges, towards Madrid.—
Morello
and Penne's divisions will join; the whole
agreeably to the dispositions of Lord Wellington.
BRNEVENTEI Aram 6.—By a confidential person,
and one worthy of the greatest credit, we are assur-
ed that Napoleon has ordered Joseph to concentrate
his forces upon the Ebro; in consequence of which
the copious magazines', and 2000 suits of clothes that
had arrived iu Valladolid were hastily removed to
Burgos.
CADIZ, APRIL 10.—We know, to our great sortie-
faction, that Government Continues, with all pos-
sible dispatch, the preparations for the new expedi-
tion which is going to sail for Monte Video.
ALICANT, APRIL 213.—Some positively state, that
the Toulon squadron has sailed ; others contradict it.
General Murray bad his head-quarters in Castello,
and Senor Elio his iti Montforti. Nothing new had
occurred.

PALERMO, MARCU B.—On the 26th ult. the two
frigates *of his Britannic Majesty, the Thames and
the Furious, attacked the island of Ponza (a small
island in the Tuscan sea), about 10 miles in circum-
ference.

The following General Orders state the substance
of au enterprise, which has succeeded so happily, and
with so much honour to the arms of his Britannic
Majesty. The whole garrison of the island, with
their Commander, Dumont, has arrived here prison-
ers of war.

64 GENERAL ORDERS.

0 The Commander of the Force► experienees the greatest sa-
tisfaction In announcing to the unsay the complete successor an
attack made on the island of Ponsarby the ships of his Britannic
Majesty, the Thames and Furious, under the command of Cap-
tain Napier, and a detachment from thisarniy, consisting of tbe
2d Battalion of the 10th Regiment, and a few Royal Artillery,
commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Collea.

" The frigates baying bravely entered the herbage, a well
directed fire was opened by them ageing the ~of* bovinity

on the beach at different points, after a coussderable resistance,
the guns of the enemy were silenced, and he was compelled to a °
capitulation,. In consequence of which the troops on the island,
amounting to 200 men, together with lb: fortiticatioas aad ma-
wises, were surrendered to his dtiljesty's arms.
" This operation, which was conducted with a superior de-
gree of vigour nod proMptitude, does great honour to the CHET
errs in command, and the more so as it was executed witbeut
any lose on our part,
(Signed) " J. KEITH, A. A. G.?'
The Sicilian Papers likewise contain a royal dis-
patch, issued at Palertno on the 9th. of March, in
which his Majesty the King of the Two •Sicilies, says,
that his health being now, by, the Divine assistance,
re-established, the ill state of which had induced
him, ou the 16th of. Jannary last year, to unburden
himself of the weight of government, and entrust
the cares of it to his beloved son is quality of Vicar.
General, with the style of Alter Egot he has new
resolved to reantivt the authority and cares of Go-
vernmentl• which resolution is to be notified, and re-
gistered in all the archives in which the former rm.
Pi Um of .the lath January, 1812, was registered.
Although wp have
.eteepied a Considerable spare
in our Piper with
.tht hmertlen of our new Corres-
pondent!! letterstisackostraell aqii oar tepty
coto the, remarks ,lo: ea first, i yet,
0014!asi froim iirfogail.wiwkitiftft)4% ea

A

item
than
the
Pros-

the
opportn.
to
ve

suevnetpiropnodssiidatueontdmiderertto ebets.ofwtereeethetofwohaoNuititigto:lo6:sncaNttitsiettur:7l:whpupiatwresesrtheie.acten:ree.tittyPhitiwarc::::
French keelson miserable under
theteitythwawer? Tindhee;arthee welcome tnatsotyr.eap the fruits of
lr own bad choice, if bad they bud it; o
change again if they like . variety. That the
reigrn to
the BounnoNs was despotic, neither Mr. 8., nor in-
deed any sober-mioded person, will be disposed to
deny. But, says he, Bourbon despotism was net
quite Ito bad as Corsican deipotism; we think it was
worse; nay, we will presently prove it.to have been
worse: but granting this point, for argument's sake,
desim:n4eayFres:pesiitiweat2dh?oedoaitrwTisicerdmhsueoitrtuhktseiosterohilirtai,tsthaobe:hathimot:B;:thertey:is ionpfivitsodubeoutes:
ibC:titotifiscoungaillicaleberunetoi,griryaogi
Are we to shed oceans of British blood; are we tq
waste and impoverish our own means; are we to raja
our commerce, and leave our manufacturers to
starve, for the sake of providing the Preach natloq
with a milder species of despodsse than that they
have at present, and which we have even reason to
think is, ' notwithstanding, very muck to their taste?
Setely such a sort of madness as this is would be
well worthy of Don Quixote himself I But what
say the Bouneorts? Do they hold out to the French
people the revival of ancient "inners as an attractive
bait to induce them (now the adverse, fortune of Bo-
XAPARTE affords a ray of hope to their cause) to phew
themselves true to their ancient Kings? go they
flatter them with a reiteration of feudal rights, and
aristocratic exemptions from the public burdens?
Do they remind them of the happy security they
enjoyed, both in person and properijc, judged
by men who hotted their places, end made the post
of them ? No ; they bring forward none pf flies,
attractive objects to please the people with to mot/
Section of the far greater felicity they nejoyed, as
Mr. B. is pleased to suppose, under the House of
Bourbon! They do the direct contrary of this; they
tell the people that if they will allow themselves tq
be conquered by the Coalition, which their worthy
friends have for so snarly years maintained against
that coantry, they shall hare a confirmation of this
Corsican tyranny for their .reward!! They tell them
that the present Senate, the National Assetebli„
Trial by Jury; modes of Prosecution, where the
accused has always the last word ; Justices of the
Peace, and other Municipal Officers elected by the
People; Abolition of Tithes; nay, even the whole
Code Napoleon itself, taken in the lump; all ant
every thing, in short. appertaining to this Corsican
system, shalt remain in staffs quo, except only it
little further indulgence to the Clergy, and the abo-
lition of the Conscription Militaire. Is it not most
evident, then, that the present existing system i$
conceived by the BOURBONS themselves to be what.
the French nation would most relish, with the small
exceptions above-mentioned ; bat, in our opinion,
would be still more to the French taste without
these very exceptions. In our opinion, the French
nation is not disposed to grant any further indul-
gences to the Clergy, than those already enjoyed
by that order ; which are quite enough 'for mord
purposes, though not for political influence; quite
enough for the respectable maintenance of the
Church, though not .enough to make it a tool of
State. The French people know well.eneogh, that
the natural consequence of indulgences to persons of
that description, is to create it desks for more; and
they diO not wish to see that body reinstated io
power, the riches, and the arrogance that anciently
appertainedlo It. With respect to the military
scription, ttiey know tett sell altreat-oeil ;
but they believe that it has surfed than from other eylls
of a still greater magnitude. Bythismeenstheykave
been able to resist those powerfulCointionsVidch have

been formed against their independence as a nation.
Never, in the history of man, were such powerful
confederacies directed against any nation as have of
'ate years been formed, repulsed, and, formed anew,
against the French. Never wis such a task imposed
upon any nation as that under which they have (t)
long struggled and astonished the world with their
more than human exertions for twenty years past.—
It is now, if we are not mistaken in our calculation,
about that period of time since the first Coalition
entered into Champagne, with the Duke of BUMP-.
wick at their head, commanding the whole French
uation, amounting to near thirty millions of persons.
to submit implicitly to tilt will of a single man, awl
threatening them with every species of cruelty if they
*fused thus to devote themselves and their posterity
to unconditional slavery. To repel this atrocious
design, the people became united and flew to
arms—indeed they had always been a military
nations the whole population devoted themselves
tb the war levied against their independence,
and France soon resembled a• vast camp. Tbo
enemy were driven far away from the frontier,
and int,ead of conquering tote soil of France, lot

~~~

*'

U '' .;.; snercnants
. 1 the island
,t i lie could
complaint!
1 galhede qz
l • 4 The Sit
• ,
I 1 ') .' postponed
Mr. Di
: • r.. ;' in a Bill f
1,..,i..• re;ce evil
Leave girl
i,
4 Ile,.
,
. ,1
'
fit
" The 1
'I
strong, is
i
commando
./ • 46 Three
... thrown by
, four office
i I de.Camp e
. .. infantry ell
, t‘,
46
: g r fhe
i -! 7, Corps, 6C
• it "The
, , t 1 at Esenacl
' i . •
" Gene
/,wen, is at
1 i " The
•
1,. . supported
centre at
l'. " Forc
i' be forced
r ! .
i A, , ?
ii.' . 1 SITILACT
I
i " hIY
of our sit
1: ' of bragad
..
• good chil,
• • ' here. lii
1 v choked 'w
~ . • neighbou
, , e., with it.
l . journed I
i. , , daily dep
11 . in consey
1., • 1 ; ' advance
► f i. . you I flea
7 it to belie
• i • trade wai
lines; I I
word I h
, .
. I '.4.. spoiled 0
;
,i I
•, men are I
► sure. TI
..
( I Emperor
the ball.
had caves
•
• treated u
convince;
e....., ti we will t
ing. The
. 4
~ army resi
i,. the oven
..1,1l thing but
14 4 which ye
, ably fast
. ,
~ , them. I
, 4 them. I
1 1 . if we has
saau4 qty
• , .
,
'l 1 ' We, I
Austria,
11 ,
Lodomiri
t The er
1) which hay
a i marked i
The peat
tuation a
• pperate o
!intrusted
How
efforts w
,
I snake b)
1 1 great int
They thei
i
l. • the objet
and ext;
vinces di
*tent, if
i, I n fnundati
Eurnpe
E'• I i • And i
• crisis of
weight 1
'tonere
general'
'phi!!! p
1111$
i
%

~ , •
11.711111." • -re . . - - - . • ,-
' '-
:.-7.741?? '•,'•••:•'' ' ••,.• ' .1!:. . ..- •• • '• .• - •••% -- '
•
• 1•:'i . - •
•1 • •
riAllea grAir A:144 ...' .... : . ", ..,- • •- • '. - •••• - . --1-•.•' ±••• ikt••••1'.•::::-•_-ss'•• ';-., ••• . .._ : •••• . .
•
- t• swat * fa'* oiled*. Aso.. lite MU •sassal... ---1 trib. , - - .
cry, to place ourselves, 'by 'thitlaciettell 111 l .. ~ gr,
.. .. ~. s
~......... prows Milither mu Idea of
. ..... a stot
vatmres thug% ISt Werbialy o f
.fileie
tarp force, in a condition 'perfectly igh!. , • &Wood 1,400,01100 isiiiiitlibelki '
important a determhtatiout - •i • ...; 1, t .4" ii . keelia6l44"ll/14 4 a"Siglitlirass fr 6:.
atireends•: .
sad
objgis
of a
var.
bkh
it,
ter hare been the proofs widehrher. PIMP, *
I
led to as of their affection and faithful • •
tuheitialotheolimarirpowrtelitnteasaindfiodifilcinereall pellounisodiet tats idol
14:11.1?''f.::: imilailt..rtleibileilif."ll4.9Doser I;
1k:itie11ii.ith.et141....4:4•'.211:0,6: ...,. 'll4l-81/94411 n'y-,..
an; I;wl7°474lll4:is.r.p„,:;:i:lNthib;:ciwo;:,....:::::fike.,;;;
...win., te make every effort in Oh the illephetat• r‘• •
portant ahis cif • all, whlOt I. to decide. amity,* . IA- ,•; , Arepun NrairgiAid._ii:::‘,:iikg.
010..• coanit;thj.
r•eproneWirposvi:loosilaii:bithtlrefti;ett;
,oagnreotts.
guiFiit,kerenwchthitihsnareretipontdoiriati:
tablisinnentnf 14tite of repose With all its ibetkahLa. e 1..; •Ebs,_., - . .
~....... _
• Ts 13 6s
segueing:so—unnecessary toall,ind which.. . • -... .'"'""...Ait ~. 47;100: .
_.!,470,0-.
"lb.
on
o. 2 *.-I‘l_ ___. fe-.A— - - here. 'PL., been more miserable, and bare snCesi ireater in
lof so Many ardept wisl!cs. . ,
owever, been tfie object of one paten*, ! mentartezPectad 1 %Oren" ,01/1"aa7.1 The
