THE STATESMAN.

little attention which had been Rid to those tepresen.
tations convinced him, that the benevolenttiel4
Me *itiskteopleototelkse!te* can (in ptheid..
,jesetittierrErOi 114111161144. t . tAdinoefdt JIM
tfebiesoo adliatitiflito iefd fat this*riOsit,
fing 4 afar ..naft
a 'million or out fellow-creatures itras isrvulved in this

representaave of ;home biorti*ot
People, to see that every practicila iefli>randreorn-
_ 4. ILI., • 1./L..11 ;;E:caiiii

Celestial, He areitliedett wit h Moving, "That tlfeftt
. Wilda before_ the- Heise,: Copies or Eat eaCts-ef
LAWS pissed Jot tar Ike: thelititlth COleoies, since
,1814, respecting the treatment of staves, the
introdnetion of freak Ofits.itito the Colonies, and the
condition of ilia' free-coloorsd Population.
• Mr. OPIJI,IitIaNE was always. reedy twassliti
the views of the honourable Member' on this subject
as far as possible, because he &titbit hie Moore
gripie devoted to the cause of inmanity,land -curled.
with them the approbation of the nation. at large. te
rihoold, 'therefore, not oppose the • present Modals;
wady It he bad failed to concur trith"the Honourable
.
Member on a former occasion, ft was beeause he fell,
Olot to allow the Colanies to pass a Registry Bill
dmeaselves, woold'be to conciliate those whoutist
Allay. Milt, ioto execution wbether it wissoselit
I,bylltetn or the Whisk l'arliateent. He, however,
was ready to acknowledge, that all the gots& sifsieill•
ba4bren anticipated,• had not been deemed; mid she'
`Noe Welt 'have bate, see some nalosese, sac
SW principle, Which he stililitooght was iodises's--
coanected with the total abolition of tem
Hewes, however, happy to acid, that the tesapeCie,
the Colonists was gradually becoasing morifeseurm:
bhp to the abolition,- +Aid, would be 'shown by tbe,
papers I. be produced ; tied he had no doubt that
veal

Parmelee* , grow up •arettag drat. hi
the% att strong and as .efkient as that which* &Kett
•in thltreetuntry:
Mr. MARRYATgive his support tothe motion%
because he was we the papers, when produced,
would refute the attfienies which had Woo circulated
trgsiest the colosilesi.and shevereees conflated with
this.enuntry.
Mr, WM. SMITH denieda that any of the frieedi
of the Abolitiee had reflected unjustly upon the cha.
Lrtilfirs'iirthe West India Preprietors. They bad
lit-Ways acted from the purest motives, and %the Nitn.!
'potation of calumny most isles with those who made
dui-arrogation.
The Matins' was then put and agreed to.
“Mr.;.WILBERFORCE, after observing that he
was fully aware that much depended upon the real
,good-Will of the mate/sof slaves, In the progress of
the AbOlition, and dettytog that ,he had ever tetiocted
Amp:soppily upon the West India proprietors; moved
le.r Copies or Estrects "of all Communications re.
, 'Ceived from the Colonies since.lBo7, showing the
Aeneas. and decrease of Slaves, and the number of
Iree.colttered and white Population of each Colony.
• Mr. W. GRANT. in answer to an observatime
made by Mr. Wilberforce stated, that be had 'at.
tended all the Meetings of West India Pnoprietorsg
before whom the transactions in the Colonies with
produced, and he had never heard of a • single slava,
loving been illicitly introduced- withia• lbw period,
mentioned.
Mr. WiLsetivoace, Mr. MASRTAT, and Mr.
BROWN, 'made a few observations, and the Malibu
.wat.agreed to.
Three other Motions for Papers, on the prestat
number of the different classes of Population, Copies.
lof all Acts passed in favour. of the Slaves, tad Hi
tract s. of the Jadicial Proceedings thereon, were . est!
and agreed to.
DOMINICA.
Sir S. ROMILLY stated, that the object of Ms.
I,present Motion was to bring a 'object to "bids. his
"
attention bad been steed, and in which tirtit
'fsf humanity were interested, is an authentic i:lat;
before the House. He wished to have placed befet.
Parliameut, the state of the Law in Doetinice,..andl
the manner in which those Laws were administered.
The tatter was the more important consideration.—w.
For ttliat availed the state of the Law,. if ka adedi.l
uistrttion was not for the beneltt and the prefer:die
.of the People for whom it was intended ?—Should
he be incorrect in any part of his statement, be-pro.
been— hereafter to their

On the 'Motion of Mr. BEN. , a gel(
'mines was appointed to steaming into the state of
Cnntagious Pever, in the Metropolia,,with the rim-
dition of the Institutions for the Core and Pre-
sention of the same.
Several names were added to the Committee of
reiriteges upon the, motion of Mr. J. P, GRANT.
Lord STANLEY, after eapresting his. wish to
avoid any unnecessary delay of the discussion of the
subject of Whic-h he had given notice, 'flatlets to
Cotton Factories while he was ready to make every
neasottable concessiOe to,tlie opinion of others, stet•
ed that he should 'net, until after Tuesday neat
ring forward it
.ttl Motion alluded to, before which
'b I
be understood the Cotton Manufacturers Bill le.es
iitely to be discussed.
SLAVE. TRAWC '
MK WILBERFORCE rose to submit to the,'
'loose. the Motion of which he bad given nettle.,
;connected with the Slave Trade. He observed, thrit
.the moral improvement, and every branch of Reform I
In the condition of slaves, depended mainly upon the
feasters being taught' that there was no chance of
leething up their numbers, but from the progeny of
ifteit present stock. There was no way•of teaching
thisleison so effectually as by a Registry elf, after
.the Act brought 'in by
.his Honourable Friead (Mr.
Breegham), milting the Miele Introduction of slaves
WO the Colonik a felony. It would be recollected,
Viet two Years lige be proposed" a .11Willlite of the'
-kind to:tbe House; •and,-though be did • Oat feel an:
infwartantehle aVtlittiiment to what' Might .be called,
bis.AWn childre*, yet he natiiiiiiyfelt.a.usinus, when
'they were rojOciikli• to Yowl lei Others, that
which was *substituted shOeld: outlier the, porpose,-7
.11c, therefore, ripen' its "being derided' by the Boone,.
that the passing of a Itesistry, shoeld,bileft to
tny'Colonial LegUlatures, had 'winched till, proceed.'
lots of thoie bodesi end ifterl. tihe. lIIPse of two
again'
'tits; be-was •CoMiielled to Wog' ttit'AttligtiOn
before that House. Every' est lotion: kelielievid,'l
hid been of opinion; that, *Rhea e'Reiiiiirf Bill, jt
would be impossible 'to pievencsillildt loge yid
subsequent heated unferterretely ()relied As pipit
of this opinicin.-Jititcati)-Alle was iittotittibd,
since the Addreit'af the. Prince, Regent to the WO.
vial Assemblies, recommending theiletteition to the
mettos'of carrying-Into complete eliict the laws for
the Ahnlitiuti -If the Trade, slaves bid been intro-
duced into the '
Colonies- anti the disgraiefel traffse
mould still rimain a stain upon the nations of Eu-
rope, unless the supply from Atrial were entirely PA
completely cut Off,--(Heerr, "heai!)—The business,
however,: of passing a Registry gill. was gene
tided t.. the Colonies, though'. be had ;bought it,
would here been much safer in the hands of the
British Parliament. The first Paper • then for Which
be intended to call; 'would show what the 'Colonial
Legislature/ had done in cinsegience Of. the
junction of the Prince Regent. He did not appre-
hond,any objection to his motion, flings/0; he knew.
there person, was * class of perso, . composed
ofmost respectable' individuals,.' connected wit
West Wit affairs, who were generally' -esprit' froui
any 7tesseres, the object of which las the'preelinra.,,
lion of vilsr;
seer 17:94 tiay SereeLidge representatiocis-Were sent,
out to the Colonies, recommending the prhie,illieirof:
t ;minify to bs more stroneji .egfci4 ;111
tettsment of those utthippy •in.dir duals'; but The

_

Grand Jor afforded to the sohject„ was b,eco
=
it," severest kind ; and !hp*, is
t gt of its socr,,that-.llhicit this
isoostiolPhitoUtred aeon 101 l elltesirtili oet/
411111100,0 A camnion of thei.MitorXtt,„,,,
.betiame*friSeorco to the defentelesi's ' detest ?
—The Grand Jury mad* a wood presentment, to
`11•164 1,20 r nl-2.1.1f

.410,1ullitoggitIktrasIfp(Ati*ilt.kie was sure the Hansa
'feast ivii filly denilblo. -of the evils to which the
,:, on.
------........,...e4bi1iiiire10d under satb 'attain;
...ere were to be interdict.
oseir -belief( -when -oppessels
.., they ,to took .(20 4115111144000' 1 4 -Oita's.
Filsads, thi7. bad sone, who were not
if ilertintisawild ttelOrtOnese'etUiliur to
tistar.Ortr.' Titbit, 104011111 were the Wiens 4440
whom Ail limited- tltio 1111 U. Poe what q wrist, v
.tlaseatoutp bet iirorn .Lipe, Goternseent,
..could they
r41.11,f10r tildo.,llo - we, stally,aorry;.to.diatociscsite
disposed«) erkieh oppeeeetto exist in it Ort" ff'. i4e
!Wort: speak 4•11 of West WI 1041144,444 but
et *bilk Ml* ‘4trilliours. :bosom bouetidiecintlilteir
prinotipie, Vous *retell Into' tunteattl,S 1 ' It 'tfillimell,
Wrist, ASS lit-Viss #4lO solf•TAAlitu4 dodo,ill ohm.
i•ith•J4VAtapitedia, that notkistoottit by todr+ le..
propritifistriO4sterfete.bettiotwitekter and 000,
5 say seat. Ipttlifetettelt sonst.ilUtitys •boaC,
.. i
• *kb the mint dangerous enalesioestankt • ori.:l :1
•., A 44114111111111111 W ks,* Matto tiyfluoit i ml,
.tlio..'
riga S Oil* Atictrirte wa frt. flip'the't,: isWpg
,Illtirolil.
gd'atiebotioilable itroi4eit d All
-Ove iiilaulte.
irfro
410-141.44-iptlOco- .*****Pikliollsiet ter
Is** '4ltesaiiiiia,:littif it 1 ght to *sod not of ovek
....,:ttlrle.P.keilifedv de110144.101044004
ltioNiot; filitgist esderriltto Stumm; de
it{ione
that 111 i* I,Slif Awe. Hello Vialri.'
*Aoki. diets,. of Ms twist Wilda' s'
'
-•l4lltiotted toll& f - • 'IV • ,
. _
Ili.

Cvowsts

*be
001P11]

;...L...t.' F:.
i
.n..... ' . • ri-. . sallerislt,.
, .. .
'Wet Indies, that, alt . ' -Iplr, .
_.
?glow,
..
.., .
t lie (attended to slims $ nreett:4
i
the. Priebe, it Geoid not be 'item tail
,iellnieeseee As, lobjefted to punishment hy'thele,
ran.... The. Governor of Donetsk* had conalsits4.i
eteropyiceneral of that Colony on the sfab)4o, i
001,1seeo told, by himi that be bad no siker-to rend,'
the punishment of thase slaves who had thus - beets
teentenced- by a.domestic tribunal, although without
*vie jedickl enquiry whatever into the rrsttireof.their
offence. To' what abuse Ibis doctrine would lead,
every one must see., •The Ilonoerabte and I,esirned
''Gentleman here read a • description -of the chain
which he had mentioned. Sometimes above a bandred
lof these unfortunate creatures were 'attached-to the
same chain, just at a sufficient distance froin one
•another to enable.thent to walk end work. They were
driven out into. tbi plantations in this'll's-Bs, with-
out regard' to si.a, ige, at Strength:, and-tee most
distressing sOeneS.were frequently oteeriohed in'Con.
sequence. And yet 'the- right o'n 'thealart of the
Crown to extend mercy to these miserable wretches
was denied I Thee could be no dirubt that stlettrre-
,medy ought to be'applied to these evils. It it Could
be effected by Colonial Legislation,, it would be very
desirable. . But he was disposed to think, that there
could be no effectual remedy found, except in the
interposition of the British Legislatore,_ and in im-
,posing the duty of watching over the conduct oliverv•
ed towards the slaves, an some individual Isuescb
island, wholly unconnected with that island; and
who shookd hate no interest in common with that of
the misters. In Ibis point of view, no plan appeared
to him to be more admirable than that suggested by
Mr. Burke (and published in his posthumous works),
to Mr. Dundee, namely, to constitute the -Attorney-
[General in every Island the guardian of the slaves,
*making their protectivo an essential port of his dirty:
Great objections were entertained by the Cologieeto*
soy legislation for titian in this country, on else,
Armand that they were-not represented lo PettiiWibefo
sod that it as contrary to the spirit of the .Britielil.
Constitution, to enact laws binding dissemble's/ells
sot represented in the British Parliament:'
In lee. fire; place, however, this Imilreen -refellt•
idly done ; and in the second place, it west 'cow
piety mockery for those persons. to talk of the Bri.
tisk Conaiittation. The right of being represented
was oaf leitsit of the British Constitution. It post
be taken With the ether parts of the Ceostitetiot. It
most he takes writs-the equal rights of in
Other' respects. In the present stiti4f the Nest
- - - -..tpleitteri-r

tubed against _Jng subjected . __ laps. - . _-- -_
I
talian which the Hoes, had heard that night,.of haw. Indies, would it be quite prudent for theli _ ~to
isle dealt in inflammatory or calumnious langesge.-- talk of the British Constitution in all its bearingsM.
He had used everrevieavoer .to. be folly ieformed, Would_ not It. abeseqoence be Alia retell of the
oh& be believed the facts which he had to commeni. slaves, and the distraction of West Italie property ?
tote were true. Indeed the greater part was borne An arbitrary Gmilrovarati according to the urge.
pet by. the Papers moved for by him at the end of the mint of .those Gentlemen, might make laws 'for' the
last Seovion, and now. before the ilowle." 1,14, pre. protection of the...lives; bet the British lighlatera
a,* p)bject was to obtain. the documents - which alight was to be preCieded• from doing so, betweeet.by the.
asp*. the deficiency. He had first . toolvprt"tri t 4 gotta Cosimitutitia; aO person was booed by
.tbe
tondoit.of a Grind Jury in the Islaild.of. Dominica. ' la es When tht:y Were not represented is the Porlie•
11411oty of a Grand Jury was not to enter letei tom. •eat io'whith these laws 'were ebacted. • Another
marettive consideration of evidence, bat if the inditt. great grievant/ in the faked of- Dominica respected
Opts, was supported, to send itto be tried hefore s pre. the dif4catt:y in the tolmeitissiou of sieves. Na pies
'p In the opting of tbeyeer lill7 certain son wasit.'llherty' to-Manumit a else. lit. Domlnidt;
Meese were tried fir an etfenceiref Which, had thof wkhoe,t pkying a tax.of tpl. If =she ties* win a eetiee-
bees .insvieted, the-punishment weehd hallo been of the Celooy• and of $l. if he was not so. BY *1
'shirty/mine stripes with a cart-whip. These note Act of June,lBlo, ne person of-Colour aseeinifreis
Were et-gained. But after beiugemlnitted, the vas. other Winds was entitled to be considered hoe, itipi ,
irre,Mi.lhe shut teak them out ha the markee.pltee apt 'on.predncitsg acartificate of f -
end had the paaishment indicted. Struck with this Ba. Paying e.certain tee. The principlee(ipti l4.
reel;
giant' Ili/teflon of Law. his Majesty's .Attosnay.. lion. was, that a plate teaching oar-amemo, - 1
General preferred an.leCktannit against, theenster, fees.:. The. prineipleid the protticeln pied : c
whibli the Grand Jury threw out. That et Wenn in that a free prima tricking ito shortie behpits'
atipPect, if the, indictment ,was predated, he had a i warn)* preened asertifteiteettorraerfooiliesi
*Mao sesame, Item the. fact of there being ten pit a bee4er 'his liberty. By studit".ll!W titglit
f,
Jgrymatt forAeding. the bill, and twain against it. .Colosty a p#reen Ott/deur sight be takes tip is •
Ilwiecoad instance of ableextraonlinerreendect ea MIAs,- entbe.pteenesptioe that he was a slave, ea.
lied pent 44-the Grand Jury, was in thecae. of ano. if be was secolelsood_ ...hY his mutt** in a istS*o....'lllo.lt.'
ther,rionster a iimproolgraiost whom tapir/Akan/or .be was sold for tbst beeeilt -of the public! . -teem
meopeefesree for bream; tveetment to a female slave, •lows, sad o`itedellY the: PreettY es the rah - ..
: t
by which her arm was broke°. - This Itill.lhey.elso Alf slaves, were WO, . celiorablit. F0R.70 .
O,
threwloot. but net sodded with this denial ofjes.- , rational person entertained the wild project of. on
, she/Ailey went-entirely oat of their province .by.pratT themediste innandpittilti Of the itarieje' gri wt,i,
soatisß,AS a ,public. nuisance, the preferring of bills ladle' Colonies. ;.0' 01 ln whoa. poopoigliallasitty.
10findiement tgaipat masters for iellimitvg,piukh. iwu , not entirely . esdeet, cherishot . the hips that 11;
'otea4 dotal, /rem whew they elletted. :time might teklbea: 0,14 by the etiOesktbsti of gr.eiblef
.11 he ding 4ingerons noniegeompos, mot follow.. • The- r:atitass,ity the ceselitenication of moral and rialiositt
' !At tocom-Pititsrot being tbpseeavioced diet boaoold. iloosrection, end birth. general insprereloont,W*
not satisfy tiiii•itits of piano: Aoki by,dlitaaaeary! condition .of
.tbe teleeee,.,lt* might.: bk inuakiwitiw.;
proceeding by ledietesent,felhkabie dote, lithibe work, ilittitoot deoger. to .4eshish.. slavery. Wiegarlieepi
secutioo, of another oatup st Ai sst., logaloatittat !laws however existed, to Which he had just $114001;
'WO, tO,Pcsil'effjOi. pi iie officio la Wino Oa s. . What,. 16i/intone nate belegs trine Were the objects el them,
ht. .*rtidi i. 11014 19t.,400 I hfillttlltlFa ski O reountsb. hod their unforissato offtpiteg,,wtieldbe deemed te
utters live plot on that the Interposition if • perpetual chains. That the lass of so opposite dn.

119••••••-

Awn
email

ced,

linilllllll
lionoo
testimn
a come.
against
'With r
the twc
punish'
tletnan
of putt
had hei
facts w
• discom
mind
WOCDeII
The 11
sorrow
per ex'
tlemen
passioi
yells o
the pi
punish
,Actor'
were
tion c
attune'
einguli
the hi
punish
went
hear l]
of a
Haggis
the du
music'
Whet
Nevis
11.1gai
for it
comet'
situati
on tut
concei
'erne'
cootie
snort
—to 1
—and
time
procu
Gore'
tility
but be
Colas
which
for n
.cation
Inati
he wi
iwt nit
point'
of e

preset
the Cr
I)
bill 11
/MOP!
Vie oc
of thi
:saki(
000
the ri
—Bo
get he
of tht
were
to pri
ing d
right
merle
of pr

f

lir n 1
• [Liss]

• goofy
.• ten

elate
- • maid
ast-‘ll

was an g 0........,... _r„______
' tribution, as well as by
spublick. beoefictnce. The; :permanent feeliug woida grow up •ensisog so-m......,...- 7-.„--
""subject•Was of such importapce,i,that be, hopert,his- • limo% as strong and aueffilent as that which esti. nod: isithijoicylb.iiiihiturtWvoesti!tmeildondies, 'teolintsis, Atm.
s. .
if,..4.04.
.• ii..b! syssieladill woo.
iit 71V_iAightbii, Istatlessiturst4h4 wtehseseperfaittedi le
~
.50 ka " .
.. rtowardi
! Honourable Frjend,the Member for Shrewtbecy,wliol in this' eriontry: • . acts Jail out the
'bad do leodab(y called the attention of the vulvae, to' Mr. MARRYATghe his support tothe motion, .altimit the Public* it (mold not:be Won tti.'thetSo.•sifilittik,es..laiiirutheirisg.)-.Drare ups. .. r
bation
31t; Woild, in the course of the *Vetting. meet the because he was any Aka porn, when produced, Arki`orirefirus subjefted to puldslimen. t billio_ lo ogioe., , :lent when their' boil eerie so ponlslied'lwo feitg. s' • manner
'‘ppelittment of a distinct Committee of Botsuiry.r- would refute the gebinnies which had been circulated ters. The Goverrioi of Donsiniro shed coneited sh, :Amity the eitelt ekstrutlietie of . them- the ettir4's if. • ' Booms
'the' Fewer which raged hi London was, it.rippiared, 'egoism the coloiles, .and shevereess conflated 'with AttornPliGetterrti of that Colony on the sfah)4o,iiij,
itittsattio.ensis
awnhdate4wia:tafide:ieztai;astAgrGe 'onotg; ,e1'ma,...c0:;11,1 : .
• . „guts' been sold, by him, that be bad no right to stop' Nal '4ha had nittays been treated with iha • 4,' .o', ..
tesilmn
"iir, y seldom fatal to the very poorer rderi ;. bat,- ►therein this.eountry.
Mr, wkg. gurrn datiedt. that any of the frgogdi the punishment of these slaves who had thus bees rMe t * ,a come
Pilliten Communicated to those who lore be
to
.fed, against
"tenYinstantes of mortality had occurred. It was ob• of the Abolltioe bad refieeted unjustly upon the eba: Jentenced- bk *domestic tribunal, altheogb withoui'sfethati-efeeett tthehie tai restrain their feelings, slnd ••! h
'they lied .etly judickl enquiry whatever into the rishironittrit tears, andter ihst'a..ffeoce• alone of shedding••tvinv ' .
?VI, Gutty "
necessity to provide every possible gourd' Vettiredrthe West India Proprietors. the tic
"igainst the propagatine of
„io`ejs
~a contagion. Ile laiWays acted from the purest motives, and 'the Nitst,. offence. Ta what abuse ibis doctrine would lead, Mr. Huggins' mitered OM 'they should ieceise doe .
every one must see.. 'The Honourable and I.evirned one 30 lashea, the, other 20. Fur toil coodect Mr: / punish'
ias sorry to enderstand,.theqvery effort .to mile. potation of calumny must air with those who madetlentan
:fain the Fever Instktutian by pohlic subscription had theeciugation. • Gentleman here read a • description-of the chitin Huggins Werpresicated by the Attorney-General.- .' of putt
which he bad mentioned. Sometimes above a handfed The bets sere established ; be wasacqoitteds snail' .t, had he
• failed. But B was the dot, of Government to onset , The Motiort was then pet and agreed to.
ttibuerniely...oo. :envie.% l'e'netAiftGere.nsofleetme
sf:rott. • discove
an iiteblishotent of ills nature...lid ho was confidoni • hifir.'•WILBERFORCE, after observing that he of these unfortunate creatures were Utticbefftli the was dicleted to be a toast odious interference "to .. ~ facts w
"that no objection would .beespressed or felt in:thitt was folly aware that meek depended upon the real samb chain, just at a sufficient distance from one pa
"tre(vattlheonsA,
'Vow., pr ternegbriei tbo.Ounirlogainst goy n. ,good. Will of the siesteis -of slaves, in the progress of another to ensble.thint to walk Ind work. They- were .61"4 mind
'pence that might be incorted iii.thceolistrectlins,gt the Abalition, and denying that he had ever reflected driven out lute. the liiantations in this 'mass, with- ,claded by mowing'. " TOO in humble Addre.e ie mouses'
•
yr._ ..
eopport of sicken Enteblisbment; Gergromento,he impropetly-opon the West Indio proprietary moved nut regard' to art, age, el Strength, atietlie most presented to hli Royal Highness the latince neigni, , The 11
i-,
enderstOod, Contributed 10001. anomaly to llne,es. for 'Copies or • Eat "acts 'of all Commonications re. distressing Iseenet.were frequently ottbdiolied in'eon. praying that-be itiold he graciously pleased to order sorrow
sequence. And yet 'the. right an 'ititalart of the that there be laidlitaforethe liouseCtipies or &tract;
- ilstance of the Fever institution ; bet bow cama the 'coifed from the Colonies since.lBo7, *hewing the per eat
...... so small, while some )ears ago- between two 'mean and decrease of Sieves.' and the number of Croats to extend mercy to these miserable, wretches of all Dispatches, Letters. and Papers, in the (Afire sf tleman
1.."
end 30001. were advancetiott a time when the Fever free.eoloorod and white Population of each Colony. was denied I There could be no deubt that
.10eitt'Ve- the Secretary of State for the Celee'l4 DePottele's psssini
was by no means to dangerous or prevalent 2 Mr. W. GRANT. in answer to en observation , taPdy ought to be 'applied to these evils. It it Could which related to the trials Of Jean asptiste LoWs yells 0
ageism whom bills of indictment had been prefeaw)! '
Sir, J. NEWPORT replied, arid his Motion was made by Mr. 'Wilberforce stated, that ha had alai be effected by Colonial Legislation,• it would be very Pi*, C•iiiro Lemur, and Christopher Robert, the pi
agreed to. tended all the Meetings of West India Peoprietorsi desirable. . But he was disposed. to think, that therepunish
except in the by. AttOrney.General of the Island of Dominica; Accori
On the Motion of Mr. BENNETT, a Select COM• before whom the transactions in the Colonies mire, could be no effectual remedy found,
'route 'was appointed to esamitte into the state of produced, and he had never heard of a • single slave, Interposition of the British 10gislatarei,, and in im. also the Grind Jury Presentment io that Colowmf were
Contigioui'ever, in the Metrepoliy.,with the coo. baring hvOn illicitly introduced- within tie period, posing the duty of watching over the conduct olagers. the4th'of.Pearuary, Ifil7, as well as any subsegessr thin c
:dition of the 'lnstitutions for the Core and Pre- mentionorl. ed towards the slaves, as some individual levied, finsod jury Preseottrienta. rotative t• Proiwaatiewie ... stoma
section of the same. . Mr. WiLIIERFORcE, Mr. MASRYAT, and Mr. island, wholly uuconnected with that island,:and lee cruelty to-Shires •; as alsoany Docusavnls sibtafieo .
to .the power of Masters to order their,fdaves to . Mogul+
. the hi
Several Clines were added to the Committee of Hnowia, ••made a few observations, and the Mods who &bosh! hare no interest in common with Shot or
appeared littittlaboor at the pabliccbsin, and to the tight of '
the masters. In this point of view, no plan punish
Privileges upon the, motion of Mr. J. P, GRANT. was agreed to. the Government
.to remit the punishment of stub went
Lord STANLEY, after eaprestiog Ilia, wish to Three other Motions for Papers, on the premise, to bum to be more admirable than that suggested by
9 hear 1]
'avoid any unnecessary delay of tbe discussion of the number of the different dosses of Population, Capin'. Mr. Burke (and published in his posthumous works) Slaves."
to Mr. Donde!, namely, to constitute the Attorney-. .I3URN.fally agreed that such a..
els ts . of a •
subject of 'is hieli he had given notice, relative to of all Acts passed in favour of the Slaves, and...,Ei..had been stated by the Hoe. and Learned. '
Mr. COLT!
Raggl
Cotten Factories,. o bile he was reedy to make eves, irects.of the Jodicial Psocesilings Amon, wore +pet, General in every island the guardian of the slaves,
reasonable concession to tie opinion of others, ow. and agreed to. . '• ' •vniskieg their protectien an essential pert of his ditty. man, were west abhorrent to humanity and justice; ' the du
, .mimic'
ed that' he sbeuid ' net, until after Tuesday moot, . DOMINICA. Great objections were entertained by the Colonies to bet until fell • inferiihttlen were received conceraing
liring forward the Motion alluded to, before which Sir S. ROMILIX Mated, that the object of Ms any legislation for Sheet in this country, ►on the thell be wished to p:iit Gentlemen on their paid Wink(
he understood 'the Cotton Manufacturers Bill Wu .present Motion was so bring a 'object to ol.iich his around that they were-not represented lo PstlietwOnf,. alleinet voc,etVi'llf an ..iwpressinn .that what had heel -' Nevis
likely to be' discussed. attention bad been cajted, and io which die feelings' and that It *as contrary to the spirit of the .11ritish' Amid *se ail 'elect iiiielllaVatelion of the facts. ifs - : 11.1ggi
for it
SLAVE TRAWL' • of humanity wereinterested„ in an aithentic Money. Gemination, to enact hews binding these who.vrese! meld alsere,lbe Hasse, that whatever the practice
Mr: WIIA3ERFORCE rose to submit to the before the House.' He wished to have placed before' mot represented in ilk British Parlianwet:- .-` ' ' leiglst"he in ,Nevis, Or DomiNice, the conduct la- comma
• Mese the Motion of which he had given oath*, Parliament, the state of the Law in Dominics,..and falba firs place, 'however, this had n• repot- WV* ow slaves hi tbe larger Weeds was very etf. shwa
on ter,
'.connected with the Slave Trade. He observed, thit themainer in which those Laws were administered. *ay dote: and in the second place, it was taw- '.6 JO Jamaica lt was knows that slaves were
concei
the moral improvement, and every branch bf Reform 'fhb taller was the more important consideiation.- piety-mockery foe those persoos.to talk of the Bri. • of innilderable propertk, end often per,
Immo'
In the condition of staves, depended mainly open the For What availed the state of the Law,. If its idol,. tish Conatittstion. The. right of being represented ....•
, their . rrSodom: It had been stated by sit
tonne
masters being taught' that there was no chance of uistrttion was not for the benefit and the protection was onlottlimft of the British Coostitotion. It poet llootistrahls Member of that House, that he had pso
coact
.Iteeping up their numbers, but from the progeny of .of• the People for whom it was intended f-Shoold be tales Wilhelm ether parts of the Genstitutloif.' It eltatedlltotintly from a slave. With respect to Ow
--tot
ifteit 'Ores/sit stock. There was no way• of teaching he be incorrect in any part .of his statement, •be.pro., west be taken witb-she equal rights of littPeople in present MotiOn, the Honourable Gentleman no
ised '''
c-and
thisleison so effectually as by a Registry Mil, after tested against being subjected hereafter to theimpo. Other' respects. In the present state of she ;West the circemstence of presentments having been throat'
time
.She Act brought 'in by
.his Honourable Friend (Mr. cation which the Hoes, had hard that night,.of bay. Indies, would it be quite predict for tbelphattem•to oat by the Grand Jory ; and ato the conduct or
procu
• Brougham), noiking the Miele introduction of slaves int; dealt in inflammatory or calumnious language.-- talk of the British Constitution in all Its bearings?.U. Potty Sessions in Dominica, its would be Impossible
Gore
bite the Colonik a felony. It would be recollected, He had used everreeinvoar .to. be fully ieformed, Wdeld not tie 'clwiseqeence be Alit revolt of the foe the House to tome to any decision, withoo hp,
tidily
Viet two years age be- proposed a 'measure of the. endibe believed the facts which he had to communi. slaves, and the distraction rat West India property ? bit
the stet of trials before it. Far was it haw
but in
kind to'tbe House; .and,-though be Slid • net feel an: • Cote were. tree. Indeed the greater part was borne An arbitrary GOMOSINIat, according to ebe arts. hie-wish to attempt to vindicate any-soch acts es those
Colov
blevrarrantsble ottlidenent to will Might .be called not by..the Papers moved for by him at the entl of the mint claws* Gentlemen, might make laws' fog) ale Mated by the Learned Gentleman, end he bad s!
• -which
his 'eon children, kit he naturally eltsasinos, when last Session, and now. before the House." Ilia. pre. protection of the'elivie; bet the British ligislatnre 'objection to his Motion.
• for n
-they were tejeciedi• ed ' inikkil'. VOW'S ftli others, that sent object was to obtain. the documents which might was to be Onfebsded• from doing so, beciew,.by the Me. It. SMITH *as happy to hear that the ftflt
-.cation
which was substituted shopldanister the, porpase,... supply the deficiency. He had first . to.elvert"tri tie Ittltislt Coitetitotidiss, ad person was booed by . the tilfletkity was not so bad iu the larger ii the maw
matt (
able; therefore, 'pen' its being dreldeff by the Hanle, conduCt.of a Grind Jury in the Islaerief. Dominica, ' laws when they Were not represented is the Perlis. ishinds; but it was evident from every thing bid
P°
wi
that the passing of a Registry, Sills shooldbe left to '.llt.i.duly of a Grand Jury was not teenier lotto's tom. limit its.'whieh rhos* laws 'were coveted. . 'Another hair been said, that Parliament was boond to 'sett* pa lot
itio'Colonist Lee4stures, 'had 'witletied tite,Proceed. pemitive considention of evidence, bat if the indiit. great grievants in the Island et- Dominica respected a Vigilant soperintendance over all the islands.
points
sings -of those bedtes'. Ind 'tater' the ISPse of two 'Meal, gas supported, to send itto betriedhefores pro. thedifficutiy
.in the tolmaseissioo allure. Nip per. Mr. GRANT was not dtsposed to deny tie stilt' of vet
7o..ery he 'was compelled•i to brittg''tht‘testidtiOn again iosarlaibeotl. In the spring of tot year ilil7 certain son mail :liberty' to-Manumit a slave fa. Dontlidde; telef.ill'made bY the Learned Gentleman, releisrle
, . .--Bin
before that House. Every *est Inthan; lielielievicl,• slaves mere tried for an etfenceirof Which, bed they wkliont *his's wept IM. if =the alas* arid a oath* 'thiriltrotilies coraseitied in Densioics said Nali4 ;SS
preset
bad been of opinink; that, wilhotk altiiiitrf BM, It bees . Convicted, the- punishment would how hens of the Colony, and of *II. if he was not so. By in tbeeildscee' were very insignificant compared k' le '
would be impossible 'to preveeraillilatir4s'ini& shirty.sine stripes with a cart-Whip. These omo Act of June,lBlo, nes. person of colour coralni,frdis other idendi,- where no such acts were 'dyne, mai If . t,,the GI
-s. lot li
r subsequent factihed unfortcreetely tweied:lie troth foaeyeociiiitged. But after beiugacquitted, the was, other Islands Wasentitied to be considered free, 4* elf, not fair to make a statement from vitiator , • bill'
'2- , . u
of this opinion.-"ffherl)lle Wig' iiikilitid* 104 . 414 he duvet took them out is the marbeg.plsee cape On prodridtio ecertificate of f -
... , a.m..,
since the Addrerea' the. Prince' Regent to the Co ra. efeni,hed the panishment indicted. Struck with this ea. Paying o'certain tat. The principle.o(iste ' . Odom's. He• smeared the Honoarible end 1.001/4
( Wel Assemblia, recommending theilatteittion to the glint violation of Law, his Majesty's .Attorney. lino. Walla that a play touching oestibnidie ' '• • Gentlelian, that no suck chi were ever kneel' to •
. the us
.of chi
means 'of certylog ' into complete *tic( the laws for General preferred enJodktetinit against,theonster, flea.: The principleilf site prettier! hi Daphd" 'as take Place Its the • island of Jambice.. 'lie Pettit". . :saki'
the Abolition -of • the Trade, slaves hid 'been intro. vighle the Grand Jiry threw out. That uWense in that a free *mei ttsectsies Its shore..l4oi „Aisle Weer/APO in• the Hcimeerible Geodesist' to Iner - '
• corms
duced into the Colonies • and the disputersl triffM maptinri,,af the indictment .41"14 Probated, be bads we_ltiteith Preened litertifiwataelftwaseefteedislas, lad' •
s'
egad, sock is fresprent ese of the term tert.altlP; SO
. • • 0 th ni
mould still remain a stain upon, the nations of Be. righbio 801111.111, km* the fact of there being ten pasta a Goofier ,his liberty. By another le* Of the as to micelle lilting Chained that ect . was eet '' r
9 '.••••• BO
rope, unless the supply from Alike were entirely 14 Jgrytope focAtsditilg. the bill, and twelve against it. Colony a p#rgen Of cosier might be taken ep is Ilbse peplahment ; that wee Ord a thein lightly 041 6ethe
completely cut off,---(Heori "herri!)-The business, neieiest& instance of Able extraordinary -conflict eis Wilke,' en 'PlPikki that he was a slave, and resod offer
.tdsip:og wpm% tp preamat them fish, fir ~ of the
boater,: of passing a Registry gill. was. con. Heil peet alba Grand Jury, was in Outman of ono• if be was aelltildrawd by his rtaio time, glift
master lasi* ' . t stiSi: :I . " •
_._ AI
a ,__ ....
were
tided to the -Colonies, thoigb. be bed ;brought it tbeermaster of almoraoigainst whom taselodiament .be was sold for the be -}t the public! . Those Air. A:-ightOwN denied that there •Wet ."1 411.
to sin
/ would have been much safer in the hands of the weeprofeared•foobletal bestowed to a 'female slave, •
British Parliament. The first Paper • thee for eh , felt by. which her arm was broken. - This hill.lbey.elso 'of
laws, sod especially flee es she ma -
... : ' donee before the Moose to ittdoce it to belie." talc '
slaves, were highly 'censorable. Fos ' - • Sas Ike fad stated by the Iklon. Gentleman, 0 tit A'
he intended to call; "would show what the •ColOnial threw mot, bat • not stabled with- thiedenial °tin.- ,ratiosal person eniertaloed thewild •''of • ' severity.'
of Peolsbisen
~ Putiest • f'•e• Or •
, tin Dernioica, was us • . ink d
right
OPe4le
) Legislatures had done in cinsequence of the in- tioto.4hey noel entirely out of their proeiisce•by.pgs. timmediste omaselpa si do WLW ' timesdome
dots of 'shit ayss.l9' • telt
junction of the Prince Regent. lie die not appre- dentin ate, ',public. ;mistime, the preferring of bills !InditColoniss.;,.'pg-gu In who.. laetrasialtrapeatii. "IA:
. tonstrary, were .. • meets to show tort t
Wei Oil also fat. But if it lois troe Irish I.- . of pr
.also.
bond any Objection to his motion, thinly/hi he knew, Inf. ittclifitelent agaiPat musters for fellitlthltli.Poukh* iy" 'a" linsinilf '4llltiallft cb"4ll4t the 1611P6 that 11. '&l4
'to oue island 'it wa not so in mord to Are
s . They
there was a class of persons, . composed 4E41144 imetit'in,thelr4wp, slaves, from whew they elletted. limo wield testes, fetillt.• • • ' „ •
,by the optimise of groiloof '• Ids. *if. timild'leaveit •to tat lit Galleons , . ,
of most respectable individuals,.' connected' will` lobe Most illingeroes coneeqemecea. must. follow.. • The ;nistass,l4 the cisilienicatlon raiment and rOlighawil. • • fifth's. the. simple act of a Grand .1 of
I ;to nay. w- eovb
ta.. •: r tic 01
WS4I huh. affairs,. who were gVeerallyn -
averse' frasi4 lAttecney•Geoeret.' being thputtssieloged ihst hearse's!• iinetruction, so& by.th• lomat insprovesneo(4 the Mould' latitify his I. asakiog his statement. +we-.
...; . Elia
any the object 'of which SS
measures,es the pioelia'ra.; Wet satisfy theerids of piano:Alike by,ilioadinary! teeadition .of the etirpae, ,It* !tight ,he pegebisgsiSti BOisastrable•Gealleataa give • colour to the'llanr-11 '
(ion 4 staseiy.--(iitae, kern:, -friarij-Ll9. ilter preceedin b 1 g y ediciment, (Obit,* detp,,nsibe pem., ittlt hoot deoger. he Assiish.. slavery. Witiler.llamm Alas In Nevis obi& did net belong to it. Ile r- ,
..-,,,, questi
, ot ..' --,tenes
sear 17:04 Or strongest represintatiosi,s -Were sent !meatless. of soother eatter of maws*, ogainst.bis jaws however existed, to Which hi had ja.t 11401 'rice! 41 .
a • . .1 • re a seri Meerut accomit from llse.sC•"l•4 •. , sump,
.
vet to the Colonie., reconimending -the pria4ililei of afar, to
... . , . „prom"! lox mt ospoffirtiohafasmetiew.. Whit,. theentertnnete Wass M‘eirore the *Wass's( dinar that Island. Ho was am apologht for that row' •'
..,.. - entail
I poisnity to be more strongly
.eqfoliciis) ;fp 0P0.,' hit.' 141,,51i_,d,. !bike 4
*tit Al? ibli#llllFsvit. 1 Ott Aorta hod their ueforionato offtpriog vaieislte doomed te 'Mr. Hogging ; bat them was* reason to iIiPP"". ". .: lest.-th
tatramcat of those utthippy India. dolts'; but The *here "the plot' on' that the interposition if at perpetual chains. That Inns' f
the 0. an eppositt do. conduct was not so bni• as kid been reprev""'' ..
• ~ -
.
. .
• --- - • --Pima, -4.....A.v....70.-.,- e.--...- .....r. ,-.....- . - . . - .... __
- - - ---- - - . ;.- ---...:464,-;:,....e..,..... ..7 - .... :i.........-
