THE STATESMAN:

•
NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
NAL, JAN. 7.—Arrived and sailed for the Rivet
the Coward, Johnson, from Bombay ; Diana, Cong.J
mins, from Lisbon, and several others, particulars'
not known.—Came down from the River the Lind-
say, Turner, for Madeira and the Brazils ; Rambler,
Knight, for Oporto.—The outward-bound that sailed
yesterday have put back.
DOVER, JAM. 7.—Arrived at thiS port the Neva,
Adams, front Jamaica.
FALMOUTH) JAN. s.—Nothing arrived or sailed
to-day.
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 7.—Arrived the ship Medusa,
Hotchinson, from Halifax, with troops, nut five
weeks.—The Hercules ship, with troops, sailed three
weeks before the Medusa, very deep, and has not
since been heard of.—Nothing else arrived or sailed
but coasters.

GRAVESEND, J. 7.—Arrived the Corneal!,
Jordan, from the Isle of Wight.—Sailed the Pitt,
King, and Indus, Callender, for Jamaica ; Po,
Hunt Cullen, for Calais ; Marie Louise, Picquest,
for Caen ; Ledolf Theodorus, Zyl, for aottettiam.

• • _
• DISTINCTION BETWEEN TRUE AND
ALS E LOYALTY
[Concluded fr m our Paper of the 5i11.]
In the definition of Law given by Bravo's, Lex eat
Communis Sponsio Rcipublico', great stress is meant
to be laid on the word SPONSIO, which has two mean-
ings, and both applicable ; it signifies both Mil and
Pledge. Law is made by the common will, and it is
a-common pledge or security to all men. To it, we
ell look for the safety of our persons and property.
Now this safety depends on the certainty with which
the Law is esecoted. If that EXECUTION may
at any time be evaded by the Civil Magistrate the
pledge is broken. Not only the particular Law
evaded is defeated in its object, but the great
end and intention or all Law is defeated and
subverted. And for this reason our ancestors
took particular care not only to bind every
'branch of the Executive by strict and solemn
oaths, but also laid it down as a fundamental
principle in oar admirable Constitution, that con-
stant vigilance ought to be exercised over every mem-
ber thereof, save only the King, with whom it is not
so requisite, as he can only act by means of his Mi-
nisters. hence it is, that our Constitution has been
called Loi sans Foi because it swears all, and gives
implicit faith to none. Nor does it regard any man
as innocent, who breaks his oath. Although it con-
siders, very wisely, that the Minister, not the Prince,
should be responsible for the measures of Govern-
meld, yet it did not allow John, and Edward, and
Richard, and James 11. to break their oaths with
impunity. Our spurious Loyalists reverse the masim,
they give us Foi sans Loi, and call it the Constitu-
tion. They tell us, that whatever is done in the
name of the King ought to be received with implicit
faith, this is their Loyalty, and it was the Loyalty
of those men to whom Charles I. owed all his mis-
fortunes. They profaned the pulpit is that day by
preaching from it, where the name of a King is there
is poever, and who shall say, what doeth.thou ?
Words, which' no doubt, have been inserpolated;
for a merciful God could 'lever intend so great a
curse to his creatures, as slavery. I will refer to
Shakspeare for an elucidation of a text, which,
though in the Bible, is blasphemy to suppose it to be
a part of Holy Writ. " Hest thou never seen a
farmer's dog hark at $ beggar, there might'st thou
behold the image of authority." It is, at least, a
true image of that authority, which they would esta-
blish, who set up the name of the King above the
Constitution.
The quotations I have given in this Letter are from
the very highest authorities, and it is altogether im-
possible that any reasonable man, of a candid mind,
can peruse them without being fully convinced of
two things : first, of the SUPREMACY of the Law;
and secondly, that true and genuine LOYALLY
consists in an attachment to the Law and Constite-
tion of the Land; but there is • spurious Loyalty,
which is grounded on sordid and selfish principles,
and is eternally hunting after place, pension, or pre-
ferment of some sort or another. It was this Loyalty,
that brought Charles to the block, and seduced
James 11. to break his compact with the People, and
then deserted him in his greatest need. This kind of
Loyalty is no more thaw outside littlish, concealing
within, treachery and treason ; it may not impro-
perly be *compared to the gilding upon a counterleit
coin, artfully applied to give it the resemblance of
sterling money. I have already remarked, that the,
deceptive arts have acquired a degree of refinement
unknown to our ancestors. The forgers of our
paper money defy the sagacity of all melt, but that
of the Batik Inspectors, to detect them; and our
pretended Loyalists are so confident in the success of
their deceptions, that they have even the hardihood
to charge our true Loyalists with disaffection, and
sedition to their very faces. D:res not this prove,
that the efforts of the present age to confound truth
with falsehood• have been but too successful ?—One
of these self-denominated Loyalists has addressed a
Letter in your Paper, to the Men of Bibrkshire, on
the subject of a recent Meeting, where sentiments
breathing the tree spirit of our Constitution, and
highly honourable to the speaker, were received, by
some such Loyalists as himself, with hissing. groaning,
and hooting, a mode of reply only disgraceful to
those, who can find no better means of answering
the arguments of their opponents. The Letter con-
eludes with the exclamation " for shame! for shame!!"
and indeed, I think so likewise. It hut shame, and a
great shame too, that the Mask of Loyalty should he
used to cover such sordid hypocrisy and abet such flan-
gerous treasons against our excellent Constitution.'
No doubt the writer of that Letter does not believe
what he says, but he writes in a way calculated to
make others think he believes it. The indignation
that I felt in reading it, has induced me to take up'
the pen, conceiving that the best antidote to the
poison it contains, would be to show your Readers
the distinction between true and spurious Loyalty.
—Perhaps I may, on some future occasion, reply to
the false interpretation of Prerogative given in the
Letters of your Correspondent D. E. F. who, I have
no doubt, is conscious also of the attempt be has
made to mislead your Readers upon that subject.—
For the presents I mean, c.
. TIMOTHY TRUEMAN.

Om nix STArk of LIBERTY lq FRANCE.
A Work under this title, by M. Scheffer, bas been
seized by the Parisian Police. The bold truths It
contains have drawn down upon him the visitation of
Ministerial wrath. He appeared on elth December,'
to answer the charges brought against him, before
the Tribunal that condemned Chevalier, Comte, and
Dunoyer—a Tribunal that unblushingly consecrited
by its decisions the principle, that an attack on the
measures of Ministers was an attack on the Sotereigii.
This Pamphlet contains an enquiry into several
very important questions, which at this tittle agaitate
mere or less the public mind, and which the writer
takes the liberty of recommending to the attention of
the Legislature. Its most obnoxious chapters would
seem to be those which treat of the National Repre-
sentation, of the state of Liberty in the Departments,
land of the policy of dismissing the Swiss Regiments
wow in the French service. ft is no doubt those
which constitute the subject-matter of the prosecu-
tion directed against trim. In treating of the first of
these questions, the National Representation, M.
Scheffer reviews the different Legislative Assemblies
which have sat in France since the commencement of
Ow Revolution.
" The first of these Assemblies," says he, " was
tftet which truly merited the name of national, and
'which, ftem the talents end virtues of the greater pert`
,
of its Members, as well at from its prodigious les:i
boars, formed the most imposing association of meal
that ever any nation exhibited. Nothing was able
to intimidate this Assembly, and to take from it its;
noble independence, in vain were 30,000 Soldiers,
the greater part strangers, stationed betwixt this As-
sembly and the population of Paris. Warmly
seconded by the latter, it obtained the dismissal of
those troops, after reiterated applications, which
were at length listened to, when the Bastile, that
monument of despotism, was taken and destroyed.
" After fresh troubles, provoked by the impru•
dence of the King's Body Guard, and in the course
of which, Le Fayette, at the head of the National
Guards, which he had created, saved the lives of the
Royal Family, the Constituent Assembly followed
1 the Court to Paris. There also it maintained its in.
dependence in spite of the attempts of a party of Ja-
cobins, sprung up long after the national insurrection
In the month of July, and in spite of the manteuvres
of the Aristocrats, whose constant aim was to disturb
its proceedings, and provoke from it bad resolutions.
Such was the liberty of speech enjoyed in this As-
sembly, that Despremenil won without danger the
bet he had laid, to propose a counter-revolution at
the tribune: he proposed It in a string of articles,
which the Assembly contented itself with sending to
a Committee of mental alienation. Finally, though
this Assembly had not, nor could have the necessary
experience, tio one can deny it the just praise of
having been independent, and having honestly wish-
ed for liberty and the public good:" M. Scheffer
then passes on successively to the Legislative As-
sembly, the National Convention, the Councils of
Five Hundred and the Ancients, tinder the Direc-
tory ; the Legislative Body and dismiss,d Tri-
bunate, under the Consulate and Imperial Govern-
ments, appreciating in a few lines the merits of each
at he proceed', and comes down at length in the
Chamber of Representstives in the Cent fours, ahich
Chamber succeeded the Legislative Body of Na-
poleon, maintained by the Royal Government at
the Restoration.— •" This Chamber," says M. S.
44 was the second of our Assemblies which preserved
their independence. Its short session of two months
has given it due celebrity, end its labours will perhaps
not be quite lost for posterity. But what can be
said," adds M. S. " of the succeeding Chamber in
1815, of that Chamber, which had it hot been for
the wise Ordonnatice of the Otis 14epternber, would
have plunged France into fresh troubles; convened
under the influence of a faction, the instrument of
such faction, that Chamber was seen to suspend again
the liberties of the nation, to pass the severest laws
of exception, among others, that which a celebrated
Legislator branded by the name of • Second Loi des
Suspects,' this same Assembly was seen to set bounds
to Royal clemency, to violate the sacred promise of
the Monarch, by adding to the already too numerous
victims of our troubles, fresh victims, who still lan-
guish far from their country, or have perished in
indigence in a foreign land, far from their relations,
their friends, who have been unable to close their
eyes, or pay the last duties to their ashes. It was
worthy of such a Chamber to greet with shouts of
fury the news of the escape of Levalette ;—it was
worthy of this Chamber to stifle by dreadful howl.
ings, a proposition to the end of arresting the moi-
sacre of the Protestants in the South • * .*."
M. Scheffer forbears passing any judgment on the
Assembly which sat lest year, since it was chiefly
composed of Members of the existing Leeistat ore.—
We pass over a very Interesting Chapter on the state
of Public Liberty in the Departments to arrive at
the one which has probably given the most offence
to Government and furnished the grounds of the
prosecution in question. It is witted, "De l'En-
tretien des Regimens Suisses en France." 1 extract
it in foto :
" After this important subject (of the State of
Liberty its the Departments), or perhaps before it,
that which should claim the attention of an indepen-
dent Letislatere, should be, in my opinion, an in-
quiry into the necessity of semling back those fo.
reign troops, which France still mairitaiiis to the
amount of 1'2,000, in addition to the Russian, Eng-
lish, Austrian, Danish, Prussian, Bavarian, and
other contingents, which the High Allied Powers
have left in this country to secure its happiness and
watch over its interests. Among the customs of our
ancient Monarchs, which was re.establishe4l by Bo-
naparte, was that of maintaining foreign troops in
France. This custom was in perfect unison with his
system of military domination ; though he could
reckon on the attachment of his own army, he (pia
that strangers were to he prefered for moveable co-
lumns to Frenchmen. Yet, as these strangers could
not in any respect vie with the Imperial Guard, nor
even with any other French body, whose jealousy he
was at the same time unwilling to excite, he kept
them constantly at a distance from the capital. The
maintaining foreign troops being thus a principle with
Bonaparte, the reigning dynasty found Swiss troops
in France at the first restoration. These were made
to remain, and even called upon to form part of the
garrison of Parisi and to the honour of watching at

• hi, ,

the gales of Ike Louvre. The march frets Fleertse
to P4ris showed the uselessness of a Swiss Guard is
cello of commotioe in the interior. Bonaparte was,
however, solicitous to retain then' in his service.—.
The Swiss refused with an honourable firmness, and
preserved the Emperor from the affront which Wil-
liam 11/. experienced from a British House of Com-
mons.
"After the second Restoration Goverementhed to
choose between two measures: the first, tftat of
maintaining the Army .of the Loire, and adopting
the cockade of 89 ; this measure, it is to be presumed,
was attended with too many difficulties to be token;
it became therefore necessary to embrace the other
measure, that of disbanding this armyi and, under
such circumstances, a faithful and disposable force
of some kind being necessary, it was natural enough
to real the Swiss regiments) and even to lateen
them.
" But since that period the Constitutional Throne
has been daily .gaining strenzth, both by the Ordon-
mince of the sth of September, and still more by
the Election [Ave of 1816. The French Army has
been re-organised : Government is menaced with no
dattger from within. One may be therefore justified
in offering the following reflections t—
" Ist. History shows that a few foreign regiments
mutat sate a Government threatened with internal
commotion.
24. This &rag* exists no iongeir for a Govern
sent, who, by its prudent system, reotlera itself
more mister.
" 3d. These Swiss, according to an article of this
Copitelations., cannot serve out of the kingdom ; and
in case of aggression from without, their aid would
soot be worth taking into considers C.o. •
" 4. They yearly cost above f2t)i000,000 to the
State, a sum of money which might be more beneft•
ciatly employed.
" 5. Their protracted stay in France would he.
tray a fear and suspicion equally unjust and Una
fount:ed; a feeling which would be offensive to the
French military, who have evinced attachment to the
Throne, and who are; no doubt, capable of defend-
ing it, if its existence were menaced.
" Whence I conclude, that it were desirable Alt
the King be prayed by the Legislature to send back
forthwith the Salsa regiments, or, et least, In give
orders that the Capitulations he not renewed t that
his Majesty he prayed also to provide a law similar
Co that existing in England, to the end that in future
no foreign troops he called into the French territory,
without the authority of the Legislature. Such law
would form a good additional At title to the Consti•
tutional Charter.
" Such a measure would be the strongest proof of
confidence which Government could afford the na.
tiott. It would free it from the presence of a mer-
cenary body of men, strangers to our Constitution,
our law!, end our usages. The Frenchman, proud
of his liberty and his rights, would no longer grieve
at the &girt of these wretches, condemned, in order
to earn their bread, to live far from their country
and their friends, and to' follow through necessity a
calling which the civilized part of mankind should
only embrace through the honourable motives of
glory end patriotism."
Schetfer having examined these first questions,
devotes his remaining in,r,es to the consideration of
several others, not less important to the French
public, all of which are discussed with the same spirit
with the foregoing. These last questions are—" The
Liberty of the Press, and judgments relattog thereto ;
French Legislation in criminal and political matters ;
Imports, Commercial Regulations, and Finances in
general, as connected with public liberty ; and the
State of Liberty in France, compared with the State
of Liberty in other European Countries."

BAST INDIA-MUSE.

Yecterdsy a General Court. of Proprietors of Celt
Wirt stock was held, pursuant to adjournment, for
the purpose of confirming the Resolution entered into
en the 17th ult. approving of the grants made by the
Court of Directors to different individoals, at va-
rious periods. partly from the Company's cash, and
partly from the Fee Fund.
The Resolotions, confirming the pen'ion conferred
on Mr. G. Dominicus, Mr. Coggsn, Mr. Holland,
Mr. Frost, Mr. l'eart, J. M. Neale, W. Harter,
W. Coward, and Lady AVinterton, were put from
the Chair, serialim, and agreed to unanimously. .
On the question for confirming the appointment
of Colonel l3ryce, as Assistaut Military Assistant to
the 'Auditor.
Messrs. HOWARTII and Hume shortly addressed
the Court, on the importance of selecting for officers
requiring talent and integrity, Gentlemen who were
reared in the house, instead of introducing strangers
to the establishment.
Mr. GRANT (the Director) shortly answered, that
the Executive Lindy were most anxious to make use
of that talent for the performance of the business of
this great Company, .which they found within their
own walls; bet, when circumstances rendered it ne-
cessary, he submitted that they were perfectly justi-
fied in looking elsewhere for ability.
The Resolution was then agreed to; arid the Court
adjourned, sine die.

-----
The Duke of [korona has,with hit usual liberality,
tranimitted 30 guineas to the Treasurer of the Eire.
ter Btitish School Society, in Baitholomew.yard ;
and 20 guineas to S. F. :Ammar), Esq. President of
the West of England lye Infirmary, towards seg-
menting the number of in-patients to that charity.—.
llis Grace has also become an annual subscriber of
two guineas.
Lord SIDMOUTII, some days since, !diced war-
rants for discharging all the terneining State Pd.
snners, upon their giving their own recognitances to
appear to any charge which might he brought against
Clem nett Term, a condition with which they all
most cheerfully complied, eacept two London Pri-
soners and a man of the name of. Beerimier, from
Manchester. The 2 London Prisoners are the Messrs.
F.eass, who, it is said, demand to, be either tried,
or released, witboofgiving recognitances.
An ingenious minohictuter at Birmingham has in-
vented • method of plating copper with pure gold,
which it is intended to apply to a great number of
t articles, table services, Bcg.

-

..

S


• • - PIEWFOUNDI,46I) DL Iltf:SS. • ''•
Yeaterdey there•vres a:Gt./korai Meeting, of the Soh.
scriber. to Lloyd's.Coffee.house. to ,consider of a
Rifinixtion for grantioe a mien from the.Eunds of the
. for the Relief of the Saireflha- the late
Fire at St. J.olm's, Newfoundland.. .. ,
Mr. MARRICAT, Chairman of the Committee, vier-
td- the objet or the. Mvpiieg; otel. rspleined the
smurree whence she funds of the Society arose. Each
Alember suhsctibed WA. a year t9PArdS:the4kilibral
oPtoCeS, and some perhape might be. unwilling to
• burden the funds of the Society by votes of ibis kiwi,
and would prefer in cases which bad cisims.ott their
in sulnictibp. ebservell.
Stout the.Comaiiitee were of the Whir opinion.; they
had fully considered this tiptoed to the subscribers,
and were,nf opinion that, if any &mi.'s., agreed to,
it would be a precedent for other applicatioes,which.
like this, could not he 'considered roams liately con,
Atecteri with the INIPreSIS of Lloytre; end that the
tlisties,es in the West Indies, .occasioned.by the late
hurricane, atql many local subscriptions, bad equal
claims tu tlwir ;noire. lie concluded by reading the
.1;1.160404m, which had been referred to the• Commit.
lee, and which purported " That the sum of 5001.
he grimed from the general fends of the Socieit
towards relieving the distress of the 4rfferer. by the
late Fire in St. John's, Newfoundland."
M.r. RAM' N 50,41 spoko in support of the Resolution.
lie thought there was no ground for founding any
objection on the supposition, that the acceding to
this vote would, be the means of bringing. farwsrd
other appeals to their humanity, to which they would
be equally bound to attend. In .his opinion, the
present came was so distinct from ,every other, that no
precedent could be founded upon it. 'lke establish.
event which had ,suffered. was intimately connected
with the navigation of the country ; and in general
had been the calamity, that none of, the inhabitants
WPM left in the possession of property sufkieot to
enahle.them to relieve the more destitute sufferers.—
Mr. R. read four letters, and staled, facts relative to
the &Winn of Newfoundlarid, which he conceived
calculated to induce the Meeting to accede to the
motion. After the war the island had suffered greatly
in consequence of the turn which affairs then took.
The fish.rsod., of which this country had the coin.
mend during the war, was diverted intoother than.
vela in the peace. Newfoundland was not like other
colonies. That island bad no local Legislature, and
no means of relieving any distress which occurred
but by individual charity. The are, in 1816, had oc-
casioned great distress, but •it was relieved by
individual subscriptions, without any public op.
Vicatiou having been made to this country. The
tire of November last had, however, produced
such general distress, that no adequate relief could
he obtained from the resources, f the island, or from
the aid of those More immediately connected with it.
On this ground it was thought that the vote of that
house would be of great importance. It was not so
much the sure, considerable as it, wes, which was to
he looked to, but the effect it would have as en ex-
ample. If double the sum of 5001. were to lie col-
lected from the members us individuals, which he
doubted not might easily be done, he shoqld not re.
gout it as of equal value to that sum proceeding from
a vote of the house. The, application was for the
relief of urgent and great distress, and be hoped it
would not he withheld.
A Gentleman, whose name we could not kern,
said a few woods in a low tone of voice against the
ration, intimating, as we understood, that he thought
it better for the members to subscribe individually
than to vote a sum from their general funds.
The question was • then put; .and negatived by a
show of hands; the majority against it being very
considerable. Many of the.sebscribers present im-
mediately entered their names to the sobscription,
already opened to alleviate the distress of the ire
habitants of St. John's. Newfoundland.

CORONER'S INQUESTS.
Yesterday an Inquest was held in the New Pri-
son, Clerkenwell, on the body of Daniel Parish, •
youth 17 years of age, who was committed to this
prison preparatory to his taking his trial at the 04
Bailey SessiOns, for stealing a quantity of shovels
from a tin-shop. The father, end likewise the bro.
thee of the deceased, requested permission tis be pre.
sent at the taking of the evidence, es it was consi-
tiered the deceased's death was premature, is conse-
they, were in the Jury-room during the examination.
John Anderson said, " I am a prisoner, and acted
ea a nurse to the deceased, who had been under my
care since the 21st of December last, when he was
ender my care its the Infirmary ; he laboured under
a bad cold, but he got betor of it, till about four
o'clock on the Saturday following. The next day
saw him lying in bed, and his eyes were ball starting
out of their sockets; I immediately gave an alarm,
and Mr. Webhe, the surgeon, in,tatitly came and
rendered every assistancti.in hispnwer, without eifecA,
es the deceased expired about one o'clock coo Sunday
morning."
Mr. Webbe, Snrgeon to the Prison, said, " I or-
dered the deceased, into the Infirmary on the 233 of
last month; he had a cold and slight fever, which he
recovered from; I was, sent far to the de-
ceased on Saturday evening; I went nnd.faund the
deceased in a state of stager. I did every thing
that laid in my power to restore him, to no avail—
he died on Sunday morning—f have no doobt his
death was occasioned by water on the ventricles of
the brain."
[Here the father and brother saftl, that they thought
from what had been said, the cold he underwent in the
the prison might be the cause of his death.]
The Jury, at the request of the Coroner, and the
persons connected with the prison, went to view the
infirmary, as it would do them Mond to witness so
ripen and comfortable a place of the kind. The
Jury repaired to view the Infirmary, accompanied by
the Coroner,. Ike. when the Jury was informed that
every mattress they laid on cast three guineas, and
the blankets lfls. much.—The Jury passed many high
elogiums ow the Infirmary, and appeared highly gra-
tified at the sight.
, One of the Prisoners, w,ho knew the deceased,
said, he was of opinion the deceased's death was
co-kited more from.a dread of being transported than
any thingelse,and he had every attention paid to him.
The Juiy.retarned a verdict of—" Died by Ike
Abelian of God."

.

h~~ai

TH. E W.:ATswAN

_';_ ?•

...r,hit.Foofpi of ateatteksOott lop the B.rief
oftheawyte, *pen sat on 'roomful kittlyeaterdey,
fro*ftittrky beig..io the monolog, °reit fruseo'clecit, '
at the ...lkieee.lieed 'revere, )o the Pecltty, kettle!
sokscriptioos, Aga ..ceecerting further tinecaoute
for tke benefit of, theelbieqs of their, boviSp., ,N, im?
bers.,of the ntertdiCenta Pitend.ede,eedt ,'Nere-es!upiPed...
ma.;;Seb-CfPnetjtteet consistinA chie,pe of
~eaptieei
Ot• CAulliPrf,6,94ll elkdreitteder about
I(oAppAcints, whose plestax,te relief aseeemen were
rietisretter4 eivettaipied,f, were scot over, the water
tp a posse hired for, these,kzeeption at. Newingteth
OMB receiving TRU* can .be .got ready. These
whoa" cases could not be got*, into
.yesterday, re-
ceived some refreshment, end were desired to. attend
to-morrow (this day), when a farther selection will
be made to be forwarded to Newingtoo, where ar-
rangements bare beau made.for feeding and lodging
between two end three hundred, at tbe moderate.ex-
pecte of la. per day.,Before the detachment sent yester-
set terday oetv. a few razors .weredilittibeted among
thepi; apdthey. proceeded immediately to divest them.
selves of.otte mark of
.their w,retched condition, witb
an eageruess which showed that "their poverty and
nut, their will consented" to their weal ing,it. Otte poor
feilo'w presented himself to the Sub-Committee with a
rely Lance whith indicated that he had not long been
accustomed to begging. AU be wanted, *said, was
a pair,of shoes to enable him to travel home, and he
should give then*, no more trouble. It was intimated
to the Committee, by Captain Ntiake, Harbour.,
Master, that Laid Melville had given orders to place
'at their disposal three sloops of war, at Deptford.,
to be selected by .Captains Wake, ',Whim, and
Brunton, end stationed iu such parts of the Riser as.
the Committee might think. 1. Captain Wake said.
he should proceed to.,Deptford at eighr o'clock to-
morrow (this mortiing), and, if .pussible, espedite
one or more of the vessels iu the course of the day.
It is understood that one of them will be stationed
oil the-Tower, and another otr the entrince of the
London Ducks. The other, it is supposed, will be
I fitted up as au hospital

:

The Priatetterellt MIL -"lihst...aeo. her. She is i
my child, and the father Omuta alongside of you - and
if be Ism mg,leok
.en ber, bat once, IT
,rsevoe. I:skit I
min, but go hevals Contented.
di Wik
The.Cesiipihibaiit.ffectu ario a Tera/ '
sue her. ,
The LORD MATOI),.' repreietited fes bee the proper,:
"ty of ahatiftsiisi TrOyn pressing the subject, Tined)*
as an Interview would ineaitiblicansetheutritcist tile.
trees to.the child. Shoat length cemented to go do,
Ireland.
The Complainant hamediatify eagiked:. one tt*
Officers, by the athlete Of the Laid Miyoe,"tO attend
bee on board the Liverpool packet. ,
ry
TOWN•HALLI Ai* -Pi
,Yoilqg man, wee Otarged by the Parish pltia44pf Si.
ohu's, Southweek, with being the fatheessT.lii:ifte-
gitimitechild,. which, ever sines the ye i tKtl; aria
been chargeable to that.pariih.
It appeared,that in the early piste( 101, detiV.
loner, who' was clerk at a country banting:hiseiti,top-
came acquainted with Sarah Lesley (the mother orilis
child), the hpuse-maid to the (*pity ; an amorous in-
tercourse took place, and unequivocal stymptonte of
pregnancy apPearing, she was obliged to leave her
situation, and as her lover refused to maintain her,
she was eompelledto to her perish for relief. She
' came to town for that purpose,. and was supported
during her accouchement by the Parish Officers.—
'White also quitted his situationf and his residence
had only recently been discovered.
The Magistrate (Alderman Sattut) committed' hint
for want of sureties.
BOW•STREET.—Yesteidiky Mr. Mami, the cele-
brated Comedian, appeared befoesi.GgoanOlicaS,
Esq. charged with having.sserl threatening and sin.
lent language to Mr. George Sanittel Ford, of lAn-
coin's fun, with a view to induce him to commit a
breach of the peace.
It appeared that Mr. Mathews had of late been
exercising his professional taleuts in Franco, and
during his stay there Mr. Ford incurred his displea-
sure by some proceeding whiCh he had recourse to in
Mr. Mathews's house; on Mr. M.'s return be went
to Mr. F.'s office, accompanied hy a friend, and in
demanding satisfaction, called him a villain mid a
scoundrel.
The charge having been heard, Mr. Mathews, in
his defence, admitted that he had used the words,
but that the conduct of. Mr. Foal richly merited last-
guage of the most degrading nature, and that he Was
deti.rmined to apply it to him wherever he met him.
Mr. IlicaS thought such menaces might ultimately
lead to a breach of the pence, and directed Mr. M.
to find bail, himself in lout, and two sureties in 501.
each, which he immediately did.
John Hughes, a young man of genteel appearance,
was charged. with a highway robbery, under she fol-
lowing circumstances:—
. On Tuesday evening, about seven o'clock, the
Prisoner went to Mr. Eaton, who kelps the Black
Swan publit-house, in R.yder's-court, Solici, saying
he lived iu IVarclour.stivet, and was recommended
by a person who Mp. knew" as having some
very good port wine. 9( which be wonted four bottles,
il as it was Twelfth li
bt,•aad be was. Ong to have
some friends to supper, and giie thealseitinep. He
desired that change for a five-pound note might an-
company the wine. A (prole sereant took the wine in a
basket ; be desired her to be so cautious as possible
iii not shakiug the wine. fie accompanietl. her, and'
when they get into a dark coed in peialtreet,
olio, the Prisoner desired hei to stop till he went
jo his uncle to get a five-pound note; he went into
9 house and remained five minutes, on his return he
went up to the servant in a hustle and hurry, and
said to her, " here is the five.pound note." The
girl hiving been cautioned against parting with the
Opine of the wine, held both fast till she satisfied
herself as to the correctness of the five-pound, but
the Prisoner forcibly took the change out of her
band, consisting of three one-pound Bank-notes, and
one pound in silver; he did not attempt to lake the
wine, but having forced the change from her, ran off
and made his escape. Information being given at
the above office of the robbery, Jefferson, the coal
Stable, who had been in pursuit of a man for similar
.offences for three weeks past, traced him out.yester-
, day morning at a house in Peter-street, Berwick-
street. tin searching him, a 11. Bstik-note was found,
which Mr. Nixon, the landlord of the Black Swan,
was enabled to identify as being nee of those stolen
from kis servant, he having just before taken it of
Mrs. Wolfe, a neighbour.
The Prisoner made no defence to the charge..—lle
was committed for trial.

FORGERY.
4usets44pit.‘ec.—.larnes Meara, alias llathieu
Maher, a,. seafaring lookieg young man, wes brought
before the Sitting Magistrate (W. FILLOING, Esq.)
on a charge of no less then four forgeries:
The Orin, witness produced against him was John
Kennet, jun. Esq. a Nosy Agent, in . Church-
street Soho, who stated, that in the month nf. Joly
last. Prisoner introduced himself in witness es Cap:,
itiu isules Meara, a Master and Commander in the
Rey"! Navy ; and informe. him he should be gted !ri
he (witness) would become.his agent. Prisoner at
the sometime, gave him a reference as to cliaracter to
• Gentlemao well known to witness. 1.11 a few daya
afterwards, be called setts, and requested witness
would advance aim a few .pooris, as he was going
to Wansterl to dine wins the iloo..L.ng Wellesley,
end was rather short-Ay cash. Witness, on the high
respectability of the connexion, let trim bave 61. On
the 10th of August he lent him a 11.,.11enk note, aria
on the 2tl September witness let him have 131. on
his draft, to make it up 201.; at, Whiob time Prisoner
pigned a power, of attorney to witness to receive his
half,pay, which he.aigned James :tieing, Mater and
Commander in the Rpyal Nary.
Some titne, after. io the gam! mnntk &person called
on witneso, to epqpire if he would recommend. Pri-
soner, Capteits James tear",. as a proper, persen to
whom he might let one of the large houses :its Aolitig-;
ton-street ; but though wit nisi believed him to be.Cap-
lain James 'gears, he declined in give any particular
character which might induce any ooe to let a house
on his representation. The next day be received.*
letter froin the. Prisoner, sasing:that be had succeed.
ed to alargeproperty, and wishing.to have ".suitable
establishment,. was after, a house in Argyle.street.—,-
Thh! was
.OrS Orcpmpl.q.nce, which gave witness A
suspicion that and;being desirous
tirvtrid. of ithersjiceoposed if he Would draw a

T'•

4-.

•

14,11.4e5, he.C.ornia!seireatets, of tha whoimr.
would give Prisoner. theAde!.oo,
litzr that ilea tie sego be had 'feet like: Met
' sod at the sieii nate rrotilii
dereinstls for agency. Prose that dentist
iidaiohnien.bits•till be appeared in Conti.
• •!011 miry lepnd that tha.Prismef
s aindlatippr!c. of attorney to Messrs. Wades sod
pouilentietta-st C rvet, oveot-garden.
no finding there were four very steel
atiis agiirist hint, very horitahelY inforinmf him, that
Oise required time to write to his friends islrelandi
is order to prepare fot Ms defence, bs wosid
towit to him. . .
The Prisoner requested till this day &dialed,
whiCht h. Magistrate immediately grented.
Hickirsic. Solicitor to the Admiralty attend.
ed on behalf of that Board, and, weenderstandi der
elated that the Huard was :determined to follow up
the proseCution.
MAacnoaotnatt:svalscr.—A genteel petit, of thei.
name of Bird; was charged by his employer; Mr.
Bass, worillen.disper, in Berwick.staiet, With-rob.
Bing him at various -dines.
. It app Bred by ihe'Prosecotor's evidence, OW oo
takiog stock very lntsy., he founkthat pieces bad
been taken of various articles of cloths, kersey.
cures, &c. and the accused being his shoperws he
Suspected him. He coniequently entrained hie box
unknown to him, and he there found a tridingbiok.
of the Prisoner's, with many names of debtors fot
cloth, Sac. Mutsu of which he sknew. He took It copy
of the book, end .s e, dvlioates of, cloth..pleded,
one of which,aossiered esactly to the quality cat oft
from one. Of
,the ;Ileitis, and other stetriea the* Pri.
loner's book confirmed the suspicion of the Pronto.
tor. In his defence, the Prisoner first denied having
a' book from which the transcript was taken,butafter
much equivocation he confessed it, and that he did
business for himself as weld as serving his muter.
lie attempted to justify his conduct by statin(, that
it was the general practice in the trade for gbopniesi.
to trade on their own account, and that the Ohattt
whom he succeeded had done so. Mr. Bass:Owed,
that he was not privy to any such proceedings, sod
that it was sot a rule in tint trade, .although come

might practise it.
The MAGISTRATE observedt ILA the Prisoner's
conduct had been very dissolute,•firat, in carryine on
private trade, and nest in denying the transcript of
his hook, or that he had any. Ili was conuniutd
until the pawnbrokers could be brought forward.

On eh...lth unto t, Rit4i ti'utt, rag, iirlaro4
square. whose loiS t ill be long deitlitred by kis rata lyand (Heeds.
On the 6th instant, Eleanor Eliza, aged 4, daughter of Mil
Joseph Fletcher, %sults ell.
Ott the 4th instant, at Cowes, the Lady of Jams Maidonald,
E:g. M. • .
On the sth instant, Robert Stokes, Esti. of Quects'a-row, Wal-
t* of tit in his 8(1111 ear.
011 :he 3d insulin, Mrs. Bertram, relict of 14 late Mr, Meter
Bert ram, of (carat Pre'cu't-strtet and T.) W et-% I rert, broker.
• ,On the 91,1 alt. nt tirt.tot. Mary, Admit slaughter of Use lade
Henry Bennett, Lsq. Caser.loun,. near !tending.
On the Yd instant. at Fa est-house, Chig wep, the son and heir
of the Itev. Mr, 11 adman.

..) _
The fallowing Leiter has appeared la *several Mioniag

pers:
TO THE EDITOR OF T/IF: CONSTIITUTION..
" SIR,-011,ervini n ptiritgrapti in your Paper respecting the
rare of an Hernia, perforisile. of a large sirs). by: t4O Alkairal
Board, at Chad...a-house, Great Clarlotteoareet, Slachfriars-
road, ii. jogirc. Sir, to Mesta Cnirpeir and Co. I tat hi nod
spy.persasual legionony.. Having. hero afflicted near 91) yi•arN
turd tinned incurable by eminent Surgeon/4 I pmienoly bore
asy ntlkmiera, esueetiag every hoar to he my las: $ lat
:applied to the Metlicitl Board, rind have reamm 19 pray for
that excellent Establishment. I.r althim:h I not near 4.4 was
pertreily cared in a few week% and caw. thank Umi, enjoy
good be .114. I think. Mr. Etlitor. 4111 who hum* roe will alloar
that 1.-an htive nn more motive for this morlictaltro than lb
public beelefit.--i tun, Sir, sour ribinlirlit servant,
" C. CiaLYEL4N.D.
" Dog nrd Stile. us kr Condon-road,
St. George's fide.. Oct. 1817." • ,
Nlessts. COOPER aid Co. oie coinulted daily.antil pirle
night, in prig titular toisplaints, and claim the ntreteints of thermi
who hove been improper i tertittra. Ruptured 'visions attend
ut Charinite-lion.e, on Mondays and Fridays. anal at Woad-
stoek-h •ti-e on Wedisesdax.. wau are rivlreatty owed on soiptiti.
lie and anatomical principle., without surgical operattos ''r
the least excoriation. Patient' at a itintrinee de,eriblog theft
case, naay have' the curative process sent to prey:part of the
kirgOnme by which means they may obtain a rnitical cure.—
' Irtioni containing on encia•arciannediately attended to.

Nous ea vivere s.-d voter* Wita...-.11.t art A (~
" Life if Wily Life, when Merl with Health."
rr Hi. Guest System of Ethics is to coOtne
•
X aria hounds, and their to regulate the Pouvioult ; yore-
.ttoute,l tool inoiti,,rliintrite die,/ del.truly those hair.
tiers which Religion rind MerAlity have Indite sacred ; tit eat 6
hitt not them appear* tits leison gf prast,sate, brim
c4lrilnieti 10liniit Ora r rfferveseeHt•e.
Lyrry di.ingoinivition of the human frame reIllolrrs greittiffe-
diedl knew ledge in remedy, and Ike puldie welfare is uromased
when yr-ft...v.loton' own (dl,.regat ding the suggest both of the en-
,ioa. oad inte,eatert yderow dock studies to the trealleetuis
!lime romplditos geuerated to% inmodoleiree. awl . the ebullition'
of the liwii•ins at an onortided moment. " Tarr strewth of A
nation consiA4 in the hedlth of tte People i" het, it meta's-
eialy rretiedtoe ttailv,vder lire to .1w iggionitue cif lrifrel.•
.inp3rit aa:l sn•ronmeract.ii. far as passible, it, forth' g
garages,. we oiler ta.safferia; liessastits„tt* result ,:f nut arell►
espe,i+neein tier carious etwaies of Ilehilits. The utigintt
vii tie of solitr.ry rice.(assly astaisitsed at school, befori rettsrtil
;.as asserted tte-r tigh► over the Igiodl, will, in content/0%04i
hit p,iwerless storte, totemic ',f ,erpt ttion..
in laws iog.that the insist ettsbitticoest ante t,l eo:opitioa may
hr row.e.l into ntaills energy.. —lstieose ondv—linannierate.ana -
ielY-74*.litrte,illieett la tiopre ti i rek-try.astiei .siskas„
cola freQuerth derange thr *frau. S".hint is otters env& vt•
can hold oft I rof fr.; Atirit•ili•ott, re,ge it's wgieli
have ratio titt horea of i'attrntl gag
Sexes.
TAW 101 PC Id ItAliCan 4PRl9fif t,G k.Sl.r N F.. 11 Ei. cf.oo r
be treated fearlessls*. the improied .live of sirdiraf ircience
having thresle4 its rintidnte of ib ,se (16.114401 g irts•pertlei that
so long ruttlerelf its rrbibliiita town-mils owl hasiaseissi. We
hr,-t. oid!EmOletl4l I. Vitients %ohm*, ing,
tM-
der 1ht..m.11..41. that a fess ria%f null are requited for n* or-
roooliool of earls. ivoltionw ; that the m.. t ioefierote vase wilt
yield to Oar rvisseslies withal a Month, and that is tl peatora.wlos
only *lll.ll cis iAiturti. the may he prieveated all
together fs..at appearing situildr remark applies ta AIMS,
tither deranivriseru,- ofi the goner itive•system. as waistless", el,
v 1410310. Acl'r•eiefr'ithy.rltirlsire., 44111114 W rise oit hie if AS,
d.tiry st signal' the use ilf CaU,IIC or stiniakiatt.
p►eulintiti.s in idraehl to the rafter self have not escaped sari
:mention which c.ifitinfti with elSenes, hiss mi.
Jo!. otter iby Ifir;t111. possity ada.aeit. list line, tow- vises is
uniqati pet sollarly energetic, and etniaet.tll toorre-;fsil.
Rltssts
..stir•rrativerlty oiled in nal- prellimapinnni
at I:titan..la b) its ltleviati Medical s;tvtricteirs j and twilit*. breit
hhlr. persol4lls, to Compare with dihnitation the British Star-
(Ora) practice with the Continental, our preiresiatie to reperi..
:(in a Itranta-we hove seleatetk)er overswed hy'dea.pecicrinr,
alrhirb is emir ed by thesisily amplietutoits we receive, circa frees
distant countries.
GOllt obi Cs.. ft. C. Surge/mi.
LI; Tbsatterie•stredoEllevstreesi .Lotaltas.
.
!a* Fos lite gecseral acestossetatiatp rte do flat bash net-
4eivil to =titled preiode of **rare, !Li may he conseltedet ell
tie-A.l.mM* bison.—.Collrtry Nikon' are resin4pseil kit deschhe
taiiratwir • w Ilea lister nes, . nib icr-s
411.1 Y AfstArdefLOß ARY.:im.44:l4*
A bite ..npte •is peitcrte tieglastsptusmpe 01;41., ; r
r. r.
t..4•041ii loiii•i;emW4l4gAtWr—it
!TAT 41111 AlO 0 lir Iniai• SIN siesibionrsts: P.:At-m*64.

.;
