PARIS PAPERS.

The Paris jourrals of Th u y and Friday have arrived
They contain as orii'mance, appinting the -Count de Vit.
hshe Knight. Cosittn.n ler of the Royal Orders. The
journals of Friday are chiefly occupied with addresses of
congratulation to the King and Royal Family by different
public bodies. It appears that the Pope still continues
indisposed, but a lett. r (tom Route, dated Dec. 24, states
that the health of his Holiness was then sensibly improved.
According to a letter from Madrid, Ferdinand has ordered
the Directors of the Public Credit to desiet from recoveries
on the property of the Jesuits, of which they have the
'temporary administration, and which is to he restored to
that society. On Tuesday, Pozzi di It .reo, [accompanied
by all the Members of the Russian Embassy, delivered
to the Duke of Angouleitie the order of St. theorge of the
lint class. The Journal Ike Pet,atr contains the fo.low•
ing article :
MA DRIP, Psc. 23.
fIRCIMAR 0? THE FINANCh: MINISTER.
" I have written to the Intendant of Z dinars, under date
of the Ist of Dec , the ing letttr :
" ' 1 have sohmitted to the Woo., mv mister, your
Eitel henry's Report on the open refosal of ale Municipality
of Zamora to furnish. rations to the a•lxiliary troops. His
,Majesty, after taking cognizance of this fart, has resolved
that, in comfurmity with the decitOon of the Reoency of
the hisadom, dated July 19, the s.id municipality, and
every other in the kingdom. are to furnish rations to the
French tecop., wherever they may br, in preference even to
the Spanish troops. Besides, independently of what is ex•
pressed he this resohitiomon the means of reinhorsement. it is
sit cking that troops who left their own country to come here
and deliver his Majesty and his people from a civil war,
should oot receive what they leg iti.nately &mini. By his
!Majesty's command I transmit con the resolltion in order
that you may cause it to he poldishect."

(PROM TI10: G.t7.1-:TTE DE FR %Nee )
MADRID, e. 22.-I'he Act of Aninrsty was definitively
adopted, and f igned ye-terdne in a Connanl of State, pre-
sided over by tie Infant Don Carlos. It is remark:llde that
this l'rinre, to whom .s, re attril tired intentions of divert-
ing the King, his brott.er, front a too great indtilzence,
presided over the Cooneil the vet.; flay the act of Pardon
was settled. It is supposed it will be published bsfore the
holidays.

APR.

(FROM TIIE JOUP•C %T. Dr 1.1111!.)
NVIIRMBERG, Dee. 26.—An imports:lt note is spoken of
as having been delivered hy Sir C. Begot, British Minister
at Petershorg;to the Nttni.ter of Stat-, Count &Se—se:rode,
in whirls he item,ndc, in the n +me of h st4overnment,expla•
natitr.s as the policy a hieh the Russian Government would
think it its linty to adopt respect:ng the Spanish Colonies
who have shaken elf the yoke of the m,.ther coun.rv. 11
is this news which has given rise to the reprt which has
been rapidly propagated, that a sian tadron would
enter the Nletliterranean next spring to repsir thence to an
ulterior destination.
[cnost ens atostrrun.]
Daring the month of September. 112.5. the Tedoinal of
Police ot Paris gave judgtnent in 127 closes .tn contrsven-
tient' of the law* denounced to it ny the Pref,ettire of
Police, namely, •?17 relative to cirri:l:les of all sorts.
such
as leaving them without persons• ov:•rloading them, being
without a name, or the coachmen bele", withnnt medals,
&;.1.; 10 for 'loping stater in prAtitivett places, water
casks lying about the ctreer. 1;1 for having shops
and doors opened at improper hoots; 7:4 for shops anti
stalls opened ot: Surolty. or working on that slay ; for
neglecting to insert the names of 'Alger" io their registers,
and for lodging people earidestinely; ;:11 for violating the
law relative to %vete'''e and tar.asore4, anti of these 12 were
punished for selling light bre,. i; 11 deposing rubbish
on Ile public: roads. or milting holes and not lighting
theta; 35 for imoeding the public strews by stalls, tke. ;
17 for not cleaning the streets, 17 for not catering the
public street'. four for creating disturhunres and insulting
other persons. nine for hawking thing" lb.ost, anti selling
provisions without being authorised. seven fir throwing
dirty water on pas'engers.or for layinT dirt in the stvets ;
six fur gambling in the public streets.
. FRENCH Fes Ps. DEC 31.—Five per cent. Consols opened
at 92 40.; closest at 92. 45. Bank action', 1.609. 75.
The papers of Friday contain no price, 'chantilly having
bees a bolyday.

Tft.ADE WITH CHINA.
The Best Indiaman Thames ,Capt.Heaviside,which-arrived
on Friday night off the IVight, having left China the sth
of Augur, has brought a confirmation of the old teiainess,
respecting Capt. itich4rdson, having been revived, eed of
the having ben, in consequence, suspended between
ryy and China.
It appears that on the arrival of the Thames in the river
° Manta. which folk place early in Jnne, a person was
sent en board by the Viceroy, to 'wire whether they hail
brought out with them the murderers of those persons who
fell in the affair of the Toper., and were prepared in de-
liver them up to be put to death by the Chinese. They
considered it to have been a stipulation full/ saved on,
when they suffered the affair to rest and the trade of the:
forme* season to go 6n in the usual manner, that the enis-
nnderstandint sbeeht undergo a strict investigation by
the Englisbkioveroment, end that the offenders should be
brought to Casten by the first ship of the present season.
The Cousneander of the Thames evaded the revisit ion. by
isllegieg, as was the fact, that his ship was not the first et.

PRICE OF STOcKs THU
Rack Stork 2311

3 per Ct. Red S7j
3 p.Ct.Cons
21 per Cent
4 per Yenta ....1011
New Fours _ _

Long Ann 21 i
I.np. 3 per Ct

DAY A'r ONE °CLOCK.
India Stock
Ditto Hoods..
Ex.Rill.2d.
54 66 65 pan.
1006/.

- - - pm.
-s pm

f.nttery Tickets. f. •. •
Coo. for Acct "71 I I

Ot fetatttintan.

MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY 5, 1t24.

STOCK EXCH A NGE, 12 o'CLocu.—Consols opened this
morning at 147141, and soon after got up to f, with a toler.xbly
good market.

Several Expresses arrived this morning from Paris,
bringing the French Rentes at 93. 90., after 'Change.—
Previously they were at 93. 50.; and Spanish, at 27.
We do not hear of any political intelligence from
the above Capital, except, that the affairs of Spain ate in a
del,lorable state.

FOREIGN Ft:NOS.—Spanish Bonds opened at 252, got
up to 26, and are now 251 to 26.
The sew Austrian Bonds are still in great request at 4
to 5 premium ; Colutnbia and Chili are sill sought after.
Owing to dm affair of the Topaz frigate with the
Chinese, not being as yet, amicably settled, our India
Stock fell on Saturday, aboat 31 per Cent., frOut 275
to 271.

,New Span; IN.-011.1, 21; to I.—Colombia, COl.—
New Anstria,s.—ltumiia, Srif.--Aleitioinshare., 151 pron.

The prospectus of a new association for working the
mines of Mexics" n•as circslated on Saturday ; but it
appears, by a notice posted in the Foreign Stock Market
that afternoon, that further proceedings are postpone.' for
the preset t, until some necessary modifications in the con•
stitution of the company shall have been introduce I. The
shares have been sold at IS per cent. premium.

We reef ired this morning the Etude of yesterday's tl.:te,
sod the Journal des Delia!:. and Cunstit et (lowly!, of that
of Sonrday. The folowing are extracts from the Pt' itc:
CounT Nen s, .I.IN. 3. —His Majesty 'lewd Mass in hi
apartments. The King received in his Saloon the deputa-
tion of the 'loyal Court, and the civil Tribunal of Paris,
as well as the central Consistory of the Israelites.
_ _

Ily a Decreed King Ferdinand VII. M. Pare of iCadena
has been appointed Minister from Spain to londlin ; and
M. Eredia, Charge of the Liquidations to the same place.
M. Anduaga, Minister to Berlin ; J. Acosta, Minister to
Dresden; and Navia, l IkArge d'Atfairs to Holland.
Mxonsn, Deceoih-r It.—We expect that Baron Eroles will
soon arrive in this cupita.l.

There sometimes happens in this capital little diferenees,
among the old Constitutional militia. They are repairing the
Cos.-a-toes, where the French troops have been lodged. The
King has given positive orders for the organization of the
Royal Guard. This will be the first regulated troop. They will
he composed of SOO.l Spanish anti 4000 Swiss. The greatest
tranquillity reigns at Madrid.
Ha vov '24;.--This day arrived in oar town the
30th Regiment of the I.ine, and sth Regiment of Iltsisars.
Marshal Molitor is at Saragossa, front whence he will set
off in a few days lot France. The information from lid
boa states that ilwy have arrested, since the event of the
1 ith, a few individuals who wanted to tronble the peace
which tie inhabitants enjoy.
Paters, JULY 3,—The English Papers are foil of common.
Wits on the nifss-tv of the President of the Eni'ed
States. Each of them speaks according to his politics ; but
this long decimation scarcely pleases any Fermi), and has
Inot even escaped the censure on the part of the Aus erica'
Papers.
According to the Political System that M. Monroe would
adopt, it trill not be permittel to Spain to 'stake the least
efforts to regtin the possessions which she has possessed
for three centuries.

(PROM TUB JOURNAL Des RF.DATS, JAN. 3.)
Manion.—The King has appuinted tieneral Doe
Raphael Mutant Costarkr General of South America, with
the title of Nlinister of the Supreme Council of the Indies.
The following is a current report that prev4ils :—ft i•
pretended that the Minister does not any longer find sop•
port in the Council of State for any of his p►ojects, !amongst
which is the removal of the Custom Ilonsas to the (me-
tiers. It is asserted that the Ministry is to be changed.—
It is also, said that the Itoyal.Loan is going to be taken by
some foreign houses, guaranteed by the Clergy.
(raw* ME cowsTrearrtostwat., )
A report has prevailed for several days that there will
be held at Parii a Congress, to discuss the affairs of South
America. It is said that Fr•stce and Spain are disposed

acknowledge the independence of the new Iteptrbli •
on condition thst they will give to Spain a large sivii t
money, by which she can indemnify France for a cer,,,,
part of her expense.

If we were to believe the newspapers, and private 4i,gj
merits th..t arrive trom our West India Islands, we should
come to a conclusion that the absolute and unmitigate,i
%lavery of the blacks was an ordinance of the; Deity; Pro
vidence having stamped the negro race with every phydi.:ll
di•qualificatioa for freedom, and the enjoyment of civilit..4
life. But fortunately for humanity and justice, the 5p....,..
I ations and theories of our ,West India brethren are
accordant with either the experience of past ages, or „i
modern times. The stem of the West
cities every tinge of tiorn,ilexion whi:ll subjects a man t.,
the yoke and lash of slavery, and this specification in ti.
%Vest India code, includes tinges more fair than the attr
Cage compl..xion of the West Indians themselves. Accur,lir,.
to this code, Hunuihal. Euclid, Epictetus and number!er
other sages and Princes of antiquity, must have been of 43
inferior race and order of being to the modern West I ndir.
planters; their complexion bring by far darker than many
which now determine a man to be adapted by Provid.nre
solely to a state of slavery. But the gr,•at
and decisive proof of the superiority of the
blacks over the whites in trophical climates is the present
happy and prosperous state of the republic of Hayti.
Neither ancient nor modern history, affords any example
of an equal rapidity of progress in civilization, to that o,
Hayti. In l years, during a protracted and sanguinary
civil war, this republic has by far outstripped all the
neighbouring colonies of France, Spain; and even of
England. Guadaloupe, Cults, or Jawaics, are cot to
be compared with St. Domingo. This last Wand
now possesses excellent institutions of every sort ; a ;;;.) )41
academy, numerous Lancasterian and other schools—excel.
lent hospitals, where lectures upon all the branches of the
medical science are delivered by European professors—the
army is well organized. there is also a cannon foundry'
and several matmfacturies fur the making of coar-e
cloatlies. Nothing of this sort is to be found in
any of our Islands, where a laxity of business pervades
every department of the State. To talk of casting a
cannon, of manufacturing cloatlis, or of a syllabus of
lectures in one of the European colonies in the Wet.
Indies, would subjeet a person to the suspicion of in
sanity. But the Blacks of St. Domingo display a taste I've
the arts superior to any thing to be found its the neighboor.
ing islands, and many painters and wuscians irons Europe
have met nithliberal encourageus!nt in that countryllut what
is of inure consequence than ail we bate mentioned, is Os
happy state of the lower orders, the common people being
well supplied with all the necessaries of lite, and inure hue
Irons the licentious vices which reign amongst the slaves
in the h.urupean settlements.

It may be imagined that every unsophisticated being, or
at least that every Englishman would feel an instinetio
inclinathn to °pita ,ns that savoured of public
liberty, and that the process of the mind that made bias
disapprove of any such opinions, would he extrernly
painful and unwillingly entered into. So far, bow
ever, from this being the case, we find even English
riters who base an instinctive dryad of every
thing bearing toe complexiou of freed° is, and wh,
shritslc from liberal sentiumuts art I torture
their int( netts to prove them erroneous, and to rover then
possessors witls obloquy. ‘Ve have all instance of this
the CQUI irr of Saturday night.

The President of the United States in his Message to
Cor.gress had expressed his belief that the Greeks
were already de facto en independent people,—
and Mr. tVebster, thellvniber for alessachthets, hat
moved that, provision ought to be made fur defraying tne
expenses of appointing and dispatching an envoy or agent
to Greece," whenever the President shall deem it esped)eg
to make such appointment." Who, but are as/prisn:ea in
the way; of men, could imagine that this c roll excite the
disapprobation, much less the spleen of an ling,h,le
man. lint the Couricr fulminates big ‘11.401
against Mr. Webster, for his motion. Ile ,a.
that he knows of no way so 1;lt ly to I,
hostilities as a proneness on 1:4 part of Aniericc, to
fere wi.la European questions—and Chit other pawn`
have more i:nmediate and snore important intrysts is
Greece than America. In short, according to the
this traction ought to lie rejected, and it is forsooth
proof of the ambition. encroachment, and spirit
I interference in the tiJvernme nt of the United Statt s.

We imagine no pose:- except Russia and Eiig;and
has a greater interest in the affairs of Greece th3,l
the United States, which are anxious to extend t heir c.
ringer to those fertile regions. What may have been the
conduct of Great •firitain in the Greek contest it is i
possible for us to say, our proceedings have been stud oat•
ly kept from the public eye, but the condoct of Ameri• a
and of Rsssia on this subject are most rem irkably cou
trast America says to Greece we do not interfere sith
your internal affairs, or in your stroggle for liberty
although we wish your efforts:may succeed, but if
.s on twe
gained your point so far as to be, according to the lace
cif
nations, a government tie facto, we are ready to 'chow'
:ledge you as an independent state, and to send to pa so
ambassador or envoy, upon the principle tarn "hijs
ourselves and Great Britain have a. tell, with rrsrct t.i
the Republics of South America. Rits-ia, on the contrary.
halls a very different language to this. S hc not only interferes
in the' internal state of Greece ; but s:e, dictates to her
in the most arbitrary end mar datary terns, for 1;i
readers may recollect in her last reccri at she even dictated
the terms upon which the Greeks should again submit '0
the Turkish yoke. And yet tbt Courier reptohates
the
conduct of Ainericatand•applands that of Russia.

• .
•
Faipmeommeimmilionip. , •

NI the Cuurier Mantes America because, whilst she
ipo):ibits Fero, eans from colonizing her territories, she
0111M3 a disposition to interfere in European concerns,
2. :f viere can he any parity between the cases of seizing
territory, and planting a colony upon it, and the
„ et,;c sending an envoy to a country which has achieved
ire itoirpredence.

Every day affords additional proof of the great indiscre•
fon of Mr. Justice Park, in broaching. the doctrine of sop.
res.; rig the publication of initiatory criminal proceedings
That the Judge was not compelled to this declaration by
positive law is evident, from the numbers of Magistrates
sod Law Officers who decline acting upon it. but even were
tile Judge to quote a statute in his favour it world not
biter the case, fur it woilil not be a statue which the spirit
nf the times had rendered obsolete, and which it was
werefore pernicious to revive. The Committee of the
Dense in 1809, had declared such publications highly
ikeLeitial --even the venal Press of the contineut has
choell that opinion, and in the remote corner of Sweden,
tiie Diet has recently recommended the same privilege of
Publicity. Thus the English Jo I, o ,ssails the Liberty of
eie Press, in opposition to the Legislature and to the sense
of all Europe.

The Mike of York arrived on Saturday at Belvoir Castle,
ell a visit to the Duke of Rutland.
Friday afternoon the Duchess of Kent left Claremont,
where her Royal Highness had been on a visit to her Royal
hr:tther, Prince Leopold, for between two and three months,
tor her Royal Highness's residence, in the King's Palace,
hensington. The Royal Duchess was accompanied by the
Princess Vittoria, the Princess Frodore, and the Prince of
Leituengen.
Saturday morning, about seven o'clock. Prince Leopold
left Claremont in his travelling carriage, on a visit to the
Duke of Rutland, at Belvoir Casee.
Thursday evening, the Chancellor of the Exchequer ar•
rived at his house in Downing Street, Irmo the sear of his
aunt, the Countess de Grey, Wresthouse, Silso, Bedford-
shire. wherethe Right lion. Gentleman was accompanied by
a select party of friends, who haul been enjoying the von
of Awning fur soma time, and had sonic excellent sport
in pheasant sheeting. Lady Sarah Rubinson and family
accompanied the Chancellor to Loudon, to remain for the
_ _ _

Saturday, the ChancePor of the Exchequer dined pith
the Earl ot Li; spool, at his seat at CUllille Wood, Surrey,
aLere there was a select party to meet the Right Hot✓
biteable lientleinan. The Chancellor afterwards returned
to London.

The President of the United States, with the advice
a 5.1 consent of the Senate, has appointed James Brown,
1.1., of Louisiana, Envoy Extraorain ay and 31:nister
tlestiputentiary, to the Court of France, %ice M. Gallatin
:trig ned.
Lord Condone), has taken a magnificent mansion in the
Fanxboneg St. Vonore, at Paris, where his Lordship lives
n gr at spleudour.—(Moraing Herald )
utracoa Papers containing pat titulars of the capture of
Yuen° Cabello, which is st•ted to have been a brilliant
a!Lir. All the small yeas, ls in port were taken, and their
commanders made prisoners The frigate Gaylen, which
tared ass pontoon, was art lire to by the vanquished. The
errotintm state, that the proud fortress of St. Felipe ceased
faring as eon as the music of the vie °moos army was heard
to mingle its notes with the air; and, convinced that all
'as lost, the miserable survivors opened terms of espitula-
toD to the Colombian Geoer.sis. The principal part of the
:Jaai4h army were in the city at the time of the assaitl.,
tt e %%hole of which, or nearly all, either perished, or fell
tla the hands of the Colombians. blatant! Cala:Lila is
the prisoners.
By accounts from Mexico we learn, that the Congress
Lail come to a resolution riot to hold conference in Mitre
cub any Commissioners from Spain, either fur the purpose
of preventing hostilities, or turning a treaty of commerce,
inks the Commissioners were prepared to acknowledge
in the Hirst instance the independence of Alezieu, that being
tie basis of all future negociations.
Wit are assured by a letter front Lisbon, dated so late as
tile ult., that the Portuguese Ouvernmeut is much
instressed for mousy, and quite destunding at the total
;tot it has sustained of its South American possessions.—
Every astirle imported is taxed to the utmost; awl an
sklitiooal new etowst has been levied on each pound of
tea, piece of handkerchief, and all other important articles:
4.1,14 feaced gotta is io contemplation, to include all classes!
ai people, and, native as well as foreign merchants. The
Freuch
.linibter, in order to obta'n favour with the Con rt
paty,is must liberal in his entertainments, in a hick he!
tottsitlerahly outwit., the English Ambassador. Lady
Thornton had united out from iEnit land.—(llaimpshire
.c.t rapid )
Alculnag, from La Guayra, on Itatorilay, to the 12th of
Vrernher, confirm the taking of Puerto Cabello. 'fhe
:re intendant, the Marquis del Toro, hail commenced his
• i.xiioos, and in consideration of the great hardship to
coal many of the Spaniards had been pot, on being
4r,lrred to quit the country at so short a notice, had con.
,!,lerably mitigated the severity of the decree for their ex.'
ilakion. The crops of coffee were expected to exceed
..r!•,,folil those of the preceding season, and prices of that'
nat le were lowa r.
Itothile, the Ex• Emperor of Mexico, arrived in London
11 Thursday, having come overland from LegliJrn. He is
accompanied by the late Spanish Consul, l'urrente, who is
tsperualed, and who has come to England on a visit of
EalOSity.

By an advertisement from the tax office, on Saturday, it
aPPears,tliat the increased charges made on the late general
mire, to the inhabited house duty, will be suspended
luta further notice. So murk for the reinunstr ince of the
public press? The attempted augmentation is now imputed to
meld( ititerestrdpnotives of the inferior °dicers who derive
nieir incomes from a per tentage on the sums they collect.
The following paragraph is going the round of the
zmipapers:—" Broagliarn Castle in Westmoreland (the
?tailrace of the family, we believe, of the eminent bar:
Ilsttt and statesman of that name) was built nearly 800
Pan ago.' This is very erroneous. Brougham Hall is
Par oat of the barrister : Brougham Castle is a mere ruin,
botailuer.er belonged to the ancestors of that geollewan,
_s ucLessively to the noble families of the Viponts, the
thdortif, and the Tuftons.
yesterday a deputation from the merchants, woolstaplerg,
>ndotbers concerned in the woollen trade, were to meet
A. S. Wortley, Esq. M.P. for the county, at the 'White
II?rt Inn, Wakefield, to consult with him on the pro.
.itY of applying to Parliament for a repeal of the
te rearon fy)oreigo wool imported into this country.—(Leerls
StIiTISAUPTON. JAN. 3.—Last week a Meeting of the
Intl Magistrates, to take into consideration that pan of
Poor Lase, brought into discussion through the late
on of the Court of King's Bench, took place at the
4 Hall. Among the wurshipfal Gentlemen present
e--John Fleming, Esq. )1. P., W. Fitzhugh, Esq F.
Beckford, Esq., M. Hoy, Esq., G. Eyre, Esq.. ago
t/d. Rsq., and Mr, Barney. as Solicitor. 'fire result of
Meeting was, that employment oust be fnuild by the
for every one able to work ; end that grown'',
,are to 'stein sin Iron. and children, (boys ander
45d girls &edit twelve years of age), three peace per

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
--•■•■■■.--

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
, DONCASTER R ICES. 14.31.
NONESATIoNS FOR TUC GREAT sT. LEGER n r 1118+ 01.
• • GLINEAS EACH.
Mr. tiouldlworth's h. c. Fart's:mid. •
Mr. Houldsworth's b. c. The Miller of MansSeld.
Mr. Honidsworth's b. c. Eiephant.
Mr. J. Ferguson's cb. c. Equity.
Mr. J. Ferguson's ch. c. by Octavian.
Mr. J. Ferguson's gr, c. by Grey Middleton.
Mr. J. Ferguson's ch. o. North Briton.
Mr. J. Ferguson's b. c. by Octavian,
Mr. J. Ferguicees h. e. by Octavian.
Mr. Lambton's h. c. Shcrburn.
Mr. Lambton's ch. c. Royalist.
Mr. Lainbteit's br. c. by Smolensk°.
Mr. Peirse's br. c. by Walton.
Mr. Pei rse's ch. c. by Walton.
Mr. Peirse's ch. f. by Walton.
Mr. Russell's li. e. by Orville.
Mr. Ridsdale's ch. c. Carouser.
Mr. Ridsdale's ch.c. by Comus.
Lord Fitzwilliam's br. r. Confederate.
Lord Milton's b. f. Hannah.
Sir J. Byng's h. f. Ins.
Sir W. M titer's br. c. Osmond.
Mr. Peter's hr. c. Edward.
Mr. Watts's b. c. Brutandorf.
Mr. Watts's br. c. by Blacklock.
Mr. Watts's br. 1. Panther.
Lord Muncaster's br. e. by Smolensk°.
Mr. Wigfur• bl. c. Enchanter.
Mr. 'Proton's bl. c. Streatham.
Mr. Wright's b. c. Doctor Solomon.
Mr. Armstrong's b. e. Alfred.
Mr. Gascoigne's hr. c. brother to Cannonade:
Mr. Gascoigne's W. by Smolensko.
Mr. Gascoigne's bl. f. by Walton.
Mr. J. Benson's b. e. Enville.
Mr. Ferguson's b. c. Whisk:
Lord Sligo's b. c. Canteen.
Mr. Jacques's b. f. Ringlet.
Mr. Jacques's b. f. by Walton.
Mr. Cradoek's br. c. by Blaoklock.
Mr. Cradock's b. c. by Prime Minister.
Lord Normanby'a b. e. by Leopold.
Mr. T. Hodgson's br. r. Izenoff.
Mr. Tarltoit's ch. f. Tramp.
Mr. !Hylton's br. c. Oiwestry.
Mr. Clifton's b. f. Chapeau de Pails.
Mr. Clifton's b. c. Masque.
Mr. Bstson's.b. c. by Phantom.
Lord Exeter's br. c. by Soothsayer.
Lord Exeter's br. c. by Pericles. ,
Lord Exeter's ch. c. by Captain Cavtlid.
Lcrd Darlington's b. c. Swiss.
Lord Darlington's b. c. by Whisker.
Lord Scarborough's ch. c. Diadem.
Lord Scarborough's ch. c. Young Calton.
Mr. Baird's b. c. Robin flood.
Mr. Brandling's br. e. by Blacklock.
Mr. J. Mill's ch. c.
Mr. Wortley's ch. c. by Comes. •
Mr. Smith's ch. c. Gap, by Seagrove.
Lord Queensberry's h. e. by Comus.
Mr. Wilson's ch. c. Reformer.
Oen. Sharpe's ch. f. Dolly.
Lord Kelburhe's b. c. by Filho da Puts.
Lord Kelhiwne's gr. c. by Outcry.
Mr. Claridge's h. c. Cadiz.
Mr. Riddell's h. c. Caccia Piatti.
Mr. Rid tell's hr. c. Mustachio.
Lard Londonderry's b. c. by Ehor.
Sir P. Nlusgrave's b. c. by Ehor.
Major Cu iiii inghasn's ch. c by Outcry.
Major Cunningham's b. c. by Whisker.
Mr. I'. 0. Powlett's ch. f. by Iliac:stocks
Mr. F. Craven's f. Miss Jigg.
Mr. Forth's b. c. Dactyle.
Mr. Forth's gr c. by Skim.
Mr. Thornhill's f. sr to Sailor.
Mr. Brough o AI. c. by Smolensko:

FATAL AMGEN T 4 IN HUNTING.

Oa the Nth et. the Rev. rtlarinadake Theakston, only
tin of the Rev. John Theskston, re:tor of Hurworth, was
drowned in crossing the river Tees, near Worsall, in pur-
suit of the Hurworth fox hounds. Mr. T. finding the water
too deep for his horse, took to swimming ; but, it is sty-
nosed, he was seized with the cramp, and he was drowned
befare assistance could reach hint. His body, af:er the
most diligent search, hail n)t been found on AVednes lay.
His untimely fate is deeply lamented by his aged Li aren,..,
and by all the surrounding country. On the same day,
Mr. Peter Warbnrton, farmer, near Londonderry, hunting
with Lord Darlington's fox hounds, was drowned in cross-
ing the river Eure, near Norton Conyers.
Intimation has reached us of a dreadeul accident in
the neighbourhood of Ripon, on Friday se'nnight. Mr.
Walbran, ofßaldershy, was crossing the river lire. with
Lord Darlington's hounds, near Stainley, when, unable t
stein'the force of the corrent, lie was ear -ied tint of his
depth, and drowned. His ton had nearly shared the sane
fate in endeavouring to save his father.
A in..st melancholy accident happened to John Edward,,
E.g. of Silsoe, in this county, on Friday the :26th of 1)...
last, by which he unfortunately lost his- life. It am ems
that Mr. Edwards was oat with the Oakl-y hounds, %vnea
in att-mpting to cross a ford at a place called Newton, in
Buckingliarushi e, nearly oom.site to Brayield house, Vie
seat of Major !tarter, and which had previously been passed
by in my of the sportsmen in p-rfect safety, he with several
other gentlemen, who were nut acquainted with the proper
course they ought to have followed, took a wrong direct.ora
when all of tuew flounced headlong into deep water.—Mr.
E I wards, who was on a very spirited hors-, unhappily lost
hi' scat. but still kept fast hold of the bri Ile, and it is 'op-
posed in his exertion to save hims4f, that the animal
whilst struggling and plunging in the water, stru•k burn
on the head with its fore feet which stunned tlircolih
which accident be sunk, and was drowned. His com.)4-
Mons with great difficulty escaped with their
lives, and all the horses were rescued. Mr. Edwards
was a most respectable man, and possessed very consiour
tole property is the county—he has left a widow and eie'fit
children to deplore his lamentable fate, and Mrs. Edwar,au
is nom far adsanccd in a state of pregnancy.—(fictiford
G.rzt Ile. . .

BOXERS.—FIGHT ?Olt tile)tredssuiP —The follow.
ink are some further particulars of the dinner on Thursday
at which the stakes were made 104 I: rims +Pal
called, Belcher showed at the mark on the psrt of Literati.
and put down 1501. Cribb also, for his boy Spring,
instantly laid down 130/. At the bead of. the table. before
the President, was placed the Old Champion's Silver Cup,
and Spring's Cup was also seen before the Deputy President.
The John Bull Fighter was present, and by way of keeping
the game alive, offered to give two guineas to fight Langan,
14 bun win or lose, for Mb a side ; and likewise, that
he would take 10 guineas for 2001. a side with Spring.
The Battle, which is to decide the future situation in, the
P. K. between the ,English and Irish Champions, will
take place os Wednesday next, Dearly 10 miles from the
' boor roma ; but where? is the question. • The orders ere
serried, and not to be opened till within a certain latitude.
Spring is decidedly the lavourite, at 2 to 1; pod here _and
there a few persons are to be fostod who will go UV s
poise higher on the English Champion. , •
Ndw Sompsom areelo gem Jean
Ward for 1001. a sidv ; to he a fair stand up fight:is a •24
feet ring, half minute tithe, on the 6.b of April, ABEL
Pive;poonde aside amass, depositediio the hands of Mr.
Tuffs, to be made up XX *side on the 4th wf February,
1821, and the remainder* be made good on Tuesday,
the 3Uth March, 1824. •-• • •
D tutor Watson left this country on Sotarday last. with
his wife and family, on boardille American ship the Alog-
[ Oat, bound fro_u London to New th/oewe.

, I

,
• 0

,~

if

i

N

b. 4
r.;
