.41)PRESSEs ToMER MAJESTY.

er :tlijesty retttrurd the following gracious answer
t •he Address of the Watermen and Lighternwn of the
. :t of London :

•• It is commerce to which Britain is principally in-
ch Iteel fur its wealth and its power. Anti commerce, if
it iu not owe its origin to liberty, is, at least never,
litt.un to nourish In any country, where the people are
rot tar. Commerce, lace the bird that wantons in the
a.r, lives the unrestrained expansion of its wings; and
u '1 not nourish when it is impeded by restrictions, load-
c.l uitli prohibitions, or subjected to arbitrary imposts.'
I terty is the life of commerce, but slavery is its death;
r.- it is the death of every thing that is must intimately
curnected with the happmess of man.
" I have ever felt a strong interest in every thing
with the welfare of commerce, and the pros
; rity of navigation. I was, therefore much gratified
by this loyal and affectionate Address, from the Lighter-
torn and Waterman of the putt uf London. It speaks
r sentiments of free nien. The lightermen and
Watennen of this crowded port are actively engaged
in conducting the trade, and aiding the navigation of
ile first commercial river in the world. l'schtlness is
eves% u very erroneous criterion of value in the great
lieme of society : and, if we apply this criterion to
the Lighternsen and Waterline!' of the port of lo►ndon,
%t• shall find that the best interests of the anesropolis
r, in nu small degree, assisted by this honest hotly
of useful eititens. I thank them, from my soul, fur
this artless etpression of their condolence, and this
realutis tribute of their regard. As long as they con-
tinue to navigate this .river, I trust they will never
vez‘e to remember that the Queen, who is now living
on its banks, was a warm and stedfast friend to their
p .rtiritiar interests, and to the general prosperity of
this great maritime community."
Hrr Majesty's gracious Answer to the Address from'
Edmonton :--

1 accept with unfeigned pleasure, this loyal and
ulTyrtinnate Address from the Inhabitants of Edmonton.

•` When I returned to England, my enemies seemed
to have thought, that by stripping the of all the vs-
teri..r majesty and imposing decorations of a Queen,
I should cease to be an object of popular favour, or
general regard. Bet it was this very circumstance
that so much increased the number, and so greatly
augmented the affection of my advocates. My 'ad-
vet sity served not only to vanquish my enemies, hut
to make hosts of friends spring up, as it were, out ofil
rtosind, wherever I appeared. I had hardly the re-'
tinue of a private gentlewoman : awl yet, in this state
oC exterior penury and 'neglect, the people Lanett me
%tit,' acclamation!' of joy, wherever I was seen. My
misfortunes witched every tender chord in their breasts;
and the expression of transport was so vivid and strong,
that it seemed as if a superior power had imparted a
new stock of sensibility to every heart.

" This state of national exritement has not been a
mere transient effervescence of feeling. It has been
permanent, beeanse it originated in principle; and
that principle is truly worthy of free seen----the hatred
of injustice and oppression in any form.
"'the conduct of my enemies has thus produced an
erect quite opposite to that which they anticipated.
It has multiplied in friends. It has given nit popu-
larity and strength. It has raised tue to a pitch of
pre eminence as fir above the level of my enemies as
:shove that elevation, which, in any other circum-
stances, I could have attained. This interesting fact,
which Hill, hereafter, be recorded by this Historian,
will sot be left unnoticed by the philosopher, as a
striking display of that wise arrangement of the moral
wo•Id, which is perpetually frustrating the projects
of the vindictive and the proad,• while it exalts the
I umble and strengthens the weak."

Addresses to be presentjesty on Weil nes-
das nest:—
Saffron-hill liberty, in the parish of St. Andrew,
Holborn, to be presented at half-past twelve o'clock.
Croydon, at half-past twelve ; Wandsworth, at one ;
Ss. Anne's. Liinehonse, at half-past one; Varringdon-
within, at one; Portsoken-ward, at two; Horsleydown,
st balliast one ;.Christ Church, Surrey. at half-past
two; IVittehester, two parishes. by John Earl, Esq.;
Oxford (City of), Alderman Wood; St. lye's, Male and
Female, Lord John Russell ; Hereford, ladies, Alder-
man Wuod ; Stocton-on-Tees, Dr..Liishington ; Cardiff,
Alderman Wood; Leicester, Ladies, 'l'. Pares. Esq. M.
P.; North Petherton, M. Fitzgerald ; Teanton, Mr.
Jacob; Truro, Females, Alderman Wood; Sedgeley,
Alderman Wood; Colebrook; (Arnett, Scotland. Aye-
s) ire, Alderman Wood; Milford. Surrey. Alderman
0.),I; Perth, Scotland ; Kendal. Mr. Brougham;
AMbleside, Mr. Brougham - Kirby Lonsdale. Me.
bleinthrop, Mr.Broughani I:etter-press Printers ; Eve-
sLim, Mr. Rouse Boughton, at one. Hesiiin these, the
Addresses from the Stewards and Secretaries of the
Benefit Societies of London; and, at least, from half a
dozen other Societies and Parishes. .

The Hainhargh Papers, which arrived last night,
contain the following article relative to the difficul-
ties experienced by Mr. Brougham's brother in pro:
curing the attendance of foreign witnesses in behalf
of the Qseeu
ni.ststnt Serr. 16.—Mr. Brougham, brother to ,
the Counsel of the Queen of England, has trade a fruit-
less attempt to induce the Grand Duke's Chamberlain,
Baron Von Eden, and the innkeeper Krog:inger. to ye
to London, where he hoped the depositions world weaken
the testimony of Barbara Krauts, which is so formidable
to the Queen. These two punts have. Jaime', not
refused to declare, in writing, what they know of the
story of the Queen at carlsrabe.
'the Milan Casette of Sept. 12 mentions, in the list
of the strangers who have left. that city, " Bergami,
eouttry gentleman, goo* to Pesaro."
tVe understand that the address frosts this city to
the Queen has obtained 35,71 S signatures, which, in
Foist of numbers. fat surpasses soy address that Isar
',sr yet left Seellnod. his to be presented to her
blajesty,by our worthy cepreerato)ivc. Lo 4 S. Hasa.
ton. 111 a Lordship, we .00denstaad„ passed through
His city oo Moatiry, on his wu from Aran to Handl-
too raloce.—(ol4segoseChr.ettiele.)
Her Majesty has apipiittiiil It o'clock on Wotan-
day to receive the IL/neig4tritt Address.
LAw.—Thosiodiopis4t*l.of Mr. Scarlet' occasioned
postpooesnentso(voboost all the Speci‘l Jury-
Causes, •in the Collett of litirsee. Bench. oq Saturday,
in witiels; ho.was sestregelloontil aext week. 144, case
of pestle taidoWst wayttiellt.
I lilitellefer4 that PALV•peiala. Ale sew Nsllll3litaa
Clarke d'Affairs who arrived in this country dont,
IL ree *oaks ago, is not acknowledged by our Homo"
meet, and one Ministers will rot receive. the sew
Pirapolitait Ambassador, who is hourly expected. .
