r-
-1 1 -.0/

j7f.A.*
tro; 40'2.

r. • • .
_ -A

-

--...=•11.

.
kST IN 111 A- HOI
Tllg. Cf
lURT of btif I
UNITED COMPANY of ME
£4ND, trailing to tke East ladies, do
That a Quarterly. General Cowl of
leld at their House in Leadenhall
16th December next, at Eleven o'Cloo
Imrpose of ileclari4 is Dividend,
Oristonas next.
JOS,
E IST INDIA-Hi
rvIII. COITKI'•-4 DI.
UNITED COllitv,AVY of
11.44 ND, trading in the East Indies,
That the Transfer Dottiey of the said
ihia oft Taisdag, the Ist D•cemb;r next,
opened arehl a trTneStl ay, the 19th .1.4
s And that Nye tolaidend Warrants
the 5141 anufiry, cite be ready to be(
&hie( the same Month.

,
JOSI

f- ot, EAST MIMIC
"riff COURT of •DI
R. UNITE D\sY) P 4 rof
L4ND tradtr4 to the East "'wrier,
. That thply have received a Letter,
Inws. :
" TO THE HONOR A BLE
DEPUUTY CH,
" Gsrtr.cirev, sy, sbe
General C. art appointed for she
It
thee Spetial, for she wp m. of
lion to it, roi.-tittratiaa, vie.
• " Itetolved, .1 hat thm Court ha,
ter ittau Joan Hudiestoot b q.
Compnoy, dated it,t May lust, w
using the stIMP, are of opinion, tit
tided to a combat:di 4444 411 that e.
tors have stn. olaced in him.'
" We gp
have the Imoouri
" Your ver

The General Court lot, the 16th
astute dipttial taxertlitity. •

J
--I- - - •
DR. CLARKE'S TR fiV
• V 01.,. Vitt and
,TAis day wog
luanNeA vita Map-, dm Vols.
inboard,. the See.ond
firRAVE LS in'GREEI
HOLY LA N A ; being
toad Port of Tsavels ts rations
and grim.
•*-I**P. CIA'
Printed for T. Oft
wand W.al
Of hom m
• A New Edition of the PIM '
twards;.also a few remaining
Iterodd—Section the Thitd—Greece,

• Laud.
To which is added. a Seppleraent
Journey from Constantinople to
count of the Gold Mows of Trans:
:41. 14g. Gd. hi boards.
lu the Press, and alsoril
Pert the Third and Ltut of
containing the Author's Joarner
Lapland, Finland. Norway, and
of the City of St. Petersburgb, di
,peror Pont.
Inn rrs'"

..,oUNTER,ACT ,
L are daily Wade to inivlie
composition instead .4 the
.pared by I)AY and MARTI,
Label, in libido their address,
spicueitsli/ placed in the centre,
this, tind the diderence of the
Aims, will enable Perchnsere,
The Real JAPAN BLACK
by DAY and MARTINL97, Hi,
Inc principal Grocers, Druggltts,
.Yeripmers. Boot-iiakers,&c.
In at 0d.,.15., and L. 6d. ear

.CA uTION to moillEltS.—At a Ctitleal bi• •
.A soon like the present, when Children are Teething, th
thi
e
atteliti n ought to he paid to them. particularly to I
measles and chin-rough are so prevalent. if the irtitaf
• the gum* comes with too; other disorder, very few infants r -
rawer. Mothers ought never to he without the AAI ;CAN
$OO INC SY ItTIP in the Lursery, for if a Child w
the night with pains in its tutu,, I hi, valaithle medicine applied
will immediately open the pores, heal the glow, and 'brick).
pi/overt fevers or convolsiiim; for .hauld it come in corn pet
with PIIV other disorder, it often destr•os the loathes's bi ightel
hopes. Parents who may be iltthiou• of the virtues of the Soot h
log Strop, laity refer to the dilTerent cases that have appearea
in the Newspapers for the last ten )cars.—Sitice Mri.. JOH N -
SON has appropriated 'one hour twice a week, viz. fro n
tit
to ten o'clock on Tacday and Saturday mornings, to the p
who have t hildren afflicted in cutting their teeth, by hnoinS
letter from ahi wekeeper, that the mother O a real ohject of
charity, has made it so ativersally kap w u its almost every taloa%
where there are young Children, Mrs. J. hopes great a
charity will not be abused. as it comes nut of her pliVale
• parse.—To he hal of the liroprietdrs, Johnson and WititAms
91, Newmanosoret, Osford-street; nude their appointment
of all the principal Medicine 'Venders in town and citatory. at
!? . 9d. a kattle.—N. B. Be sure to ask gar " Jolumun and Wil-
lisms's

R.ua oat.
WE are requestedto *act the atientioa or per.
i.owe debased with mew* or bodily decay, morrow de-
. sillily. broad wnstings, toes efippetite, todigeotion, depression
• of spirits. trembling or AMOR; of the Itioidis.seerlonk Mell every
other kind of erupting. agluaks. sdnorared throats,
gelseamie
weakliest:, pairs. in the limbo nod joints. eunsomptive habits ,
all ronstitutionnl complaint+. Immediately to make t
riall of the
rolohrettli CORDIAL BALM OF RAIJSIRI, lur's
lefailible Restorative. nu prepared and tilids.wkoleside and
retail. by C. J. Jordan, M. D.. of the P.er4 London Medical
Estublisluseol, 7, Cannon-street Road. St. define\ in the East,
• " viedaed to lie the most
: in all the above eons-
the blood, cries the
sad veriasetes. and protests.,
iy Zeit for buoruage
AI. the rake of
Medicine is oetttorlfte health
-a ;kr. aged; thnewards hay.
after having been 00 ft.
have been despaired of, net
their profemiemil *Residents.
'roprictor, in bottles lls. cock,
rack; or four quantities in one
family tootle. for 334., duty included, by which one
ll lls. bottle
if SHWA. This inestiintible Medicine will Beep
in a
rind luny he had of Barclay nod Soto. Fleet-nsurket ; Vade, 46,
Combat; It. J. Preston, 101. Strand; J. Richards, 193.
*frond Bloke, 56. Piccadilly; Barker. rib, Osfind.street
Chandler. iii, Oxford street; Tette, IU, r. rib, Holborn*
and by the most respectable Medkine Venders in every part of
the kingdom.,
C .1. Jordan takes this general opportnnity of an.
flouncing the Public. that he still devotes is study exclusive.
Iv in the cure of porta-iliac complaint.; as a reAtilar member of
the Royal College of Physicians he offers a speedy arid peeve-
twin cure for every class of nervoo+ relaxation; diseases, tit
however lding or of the mist inveterate kitid, tire by his
OPW gaongped orstan triode, of treatment imeedilyand eifecivallycured
Dr. C.. 1. Jordan may he consulted, by all rata+. -from sine in
she _looming till nine is the evening. lit the FAA Lonion Medi.
7. Ceonomatreet Riad, sear the Connect-
eitii Road turnpike, St. Gcorge's iu the last.


absurd for the Friends of Freedom, in the present or, if yoe do, do it .
circumstances, to quarrel with each otheyopon minor with your offspring! I hold this language fee-doss-
points of discussion, as it wouldbody of ly, because I know that in using it, I am sopported
troops investing a strong fortress held bye numerous by the dictates of the English law, by the dictates
garrison, instead of making a general assault, to quay- of humanity, and by the principles of our common
rel among themselves, upon the point, whether if frith.
they should take the fortress, the should stay in it, Such, indeed, are
othe c
eircumst recess it an ces
of some of the na-
-
one day, or three. lion, that a persuasion f th y she
" Upon the general question of the necessity of a ties of Reform is generally prevalent, and is every
Reform, the Members of the Concentric Society are day increasing. I herdly ever meet with a sober
united in opinion. And they gather the necessity of and considerate Tory (I do not apply that term
this Reform, from speculation, and from what Mr. invidiously), who, when we descend to par.
Pitt was wont to denominate—esperience and the ticelars, does not acknowledge the necessity of
evidence of facts. They well know the present corn. the correction of public abuses. Indeed, I hardly
position of the house of Commons. 'They well know of an individual, who vindicates things as
know the nature of Ministerial Boroughs. They they are, with the exception of the Hon. Gentleman
torooghly understand also, the operations of those who lately succeeded Mr. Cawthorn', as Member
parts of the community, vulgarly known by the for the Borough of Lancaster. That Gentleman, at
name et Boroughmongers. 'They are well aware, a festive meeting of his friends, soon after his return
that) by the proceedings of these men, the autho- to Parliament, was pleased to express his entire ap.
rity, •r I should rather hay, the power to legislate, prosal of the present composition of the house of
and to decide upon the dearest rights and interests Commons. Ile wao delighted with Ministerial bo.
Alf Britons, is made a marketable commodity, a sub. coughs, as they afforded an introduction of Mini-
jectof her
or and sale—aye—as much so, as a bale sters iiito Parliament. And I certainly wish to see
Wilesiton, a hogshead of tobacco. They well them there, but by proper 'nest's, in order that they
renelebber that the Members of that Honourable may, from time to time, give a prompt account of
$--for honourable it must be called by courtesy their conduct. Ile admired the saleable boroughs,
`-Tibiae told to their faces, and none of them had because they afforded an opportunity to men of
Wittysufficient to deny the allegation, that spats ;wealth to partake in the business of Legislation.—
le*at Honourable House are as much a subject of Ile was gratified also with the existence of a sprink-
-1
bating and hire, as stalls at a cattle-fair. They ask, ling of open boroughs, safficient to make .a show of
ere them things right ? are they honest? are they the tumult of a popular election. In short, I never
consistent with the principles of justice and common heard of a parallel instance of complacency, except
mese ? are they consistent with the principles of the in the exultation of Francis Hargraves, Esq. on his
intuit Constitution ? of such a system they further being promoted to the high digoity of Recorder of
ask, is it, or can it possibly ' come to good?' the Borough of Liverpool. On this occasion, Gen.
" The question they find resolved by expetience, tlemen, Mr. Hargraves magnified his office, and said
and the evidence of facts. They find it answered in to a circle of his brother barristers, ' the Borough
the records of the House of Commons, in which, Cqurt of Liverpool is not a common-place affair. It
opon various °maim's, they find white voted to be is presided by the Mayor, who is always a man of
black, sell black voted to be white.—They education and judgment. The Grand Jury is com.
well recollect, that when the late Lord Mel- posed of merchants of the highest respectability,
Title was cooticted of having violated a solemn Act both in point of property and of knowledge. The
.of Parliament, and that whenson being interrogated, etty Jury is
men of selected frsoundom the
discretoi class
on,f respectable
bow belied disposed of a specific sum of the public tPradesmen,
money, be declared, in the face of that Honourable verdicts are uniformly satisfactory to me. The At-
House, no force should wring that secret from his tornies who practise in the Court (for at that time
breast, a moiety of that Honourable douse voted, Attornies only practised is that Gaud, which was
, that into each condact, there was no necessity for eo- alternately roused by the thunder of Mr. Edward
eluiry. To come to a later period, can it ever bo Parr, aud soothed by the amenity of Mr. Stanistreet),
, weed frost nor allialiniiia that when the cries of a the Mimics ste distinguished by their legal know.


ashy ? Because he stood fortl
ipion ....
the People's rights, in openly protesting agairistthst
assumption of pi ivilege, upon which, if the Mos* of
Commons dorst folly act (which God be tbanted ft
does not), would place the liberty of every publib
speaker, and every public writer, at the absolute dig.
posal of the Minister of the day.
66 Gentlemen, we highly esteem the Parliamen•
tary conduct of Sir Francis, on account of the evi-
dent purity of his motives. He looks not to office
he is content with his present station, es the guar-
dian of the public purse, and of public liberty.—.
When he dist stood forward in this character; be
was gated upon as a strange sort of animal, el a.
kind of political non-descript, and he soon became
the subject of unmeasutable obloquy. lie stood up
its the house of Commons, and saki, ' I want no
pensions for my children, I wish extravagant and
unmerited pensions to be done away.' Ay ! said the
Minister, then you must entertain dark, and din.
gerous dello, against the State. Sir Francis said,
' L want no sinecures for myself, my relations, oe
dependants, I wish sinecures to "-- --tether abo-
lished.' What! says the Minister,
views ? Then you must be a nets
Sir Francis said, I wish to see an f
of corruption—l wish that places
be no longer bought and sold.
welt-pensioned political adventu
principles ? Then yon must it
Constitution.' For, Gentlemen,
of exalted station, uniformly lot
their humbler brethren, of the nee
when one of these latter is detected
Philosopher Godwin calls, 4 an '
property,' that is, in makingfree
pocket-book or watch, if be can
stmt of the pursuit, he always'
talus with the cry of stop thief.
bb Gentlemen, we especially
mentary conduct of Sir Francis,
his own views, and is free from
party. But, Gentlemen, let rase
Speaking in my owe person, I
party. The merits of Gentleatco
the opposition side of the lloese
lessened in my estimation, because
to aspire to the high offices of ,
tainly much Tether see the affairs
ministered by Gentlemen who

minasinis.o...r..., ~, ..........____. _ _ __
Lando,. It is aoirersally acisouel
agreeable and
discovered:
restorative
plaints ever it Chios
unai.t violent. Ileitis in the bend sad
gentle g atiun.---4t is utterly
to eipreto or eloquent to extol.
this won ful and inciontarable Met
to the a led, and givieg viper IM
is g been eptnred to perfect health,
duced by iffei.ent &senses. :is to ha
eniv by their flotatter, hat aho by the
su!il, by appointrueat of the Proprie
tor Iwo quantilivi in pne, SG 4. eiseel h 1
- - • ...._ ...-i...6. _

Per
Cent —7'l". -
\ . .
'-'(:PClAltikit .
r.
. • . - i. - :..) . t:
.. ..
, ,-- N'Ost "411";• • . ',. . . '.&-••.>. - - ._
• • . - .•- i-r- 4* •• • - "."-:•-t, . • •, • Vl'''`f.'4 ; 4
. ,
•111. ‘'
. ,:- - -; -.:* • .-•--- - i';cer V
. II . .
'1" • "* • iltir4fe 14m.rialo., , .."'
OP -.
,
a i
t ~, , . ~.. N tail .Intisinos .. '--
1r .' i.. '' 4r • Or • I . .
i ' t , 4' '
~ 11 ' -1.. I 1.1.1 ~ ‘. 1;)1 . ea . ;atolls ‘.•ilt li Jet.), ‘ '; •• .
• 1
-1.- • • , .. .4.44• ~ .. ! it i I
•p 1. 1 .1 I A 03 110303JK/
.hatobisw v!:risli•-•. .1 . e ' , - ~. , . 5 '..-i •
dr MO .).:-' 4,.' • : ,14 tor.l ..4 .-?! \ ,f ~. 44. I . t.„ "....
i ..-• IP- !r- ~. • '1: • , . 1 • 2,1,N :',111,‘ • 14W elsnatil forthattriabitt •'t r 4 , ~.at)*v i• • ~4 .
. .
• .3.1 .
Mt • , any:. ive' • '11161441 .T,+maissi ,i !' s,' - .f:teli.it4kl` e-- • '
▪r i itriitai • • ' z •
____
.... _ _
•
—...---
. .ele'l4l OA Al.ow( .. , 444. I. :.strt.,l
4 • - -•-. ' • . • t
•• '. " I 4 4 ' • •
LONDON, PIZTESD.44I" DECgMBER 15, 18i3. : ''- ' ''-•": ''T • --iil" 1 f(111"141.1* !i3leil td!'"" 314004 , I
.
• ...• ' • . „ ~, ..- . 42
____ __ _
..........,_
............._.___l otos eltnts. oli •I. al ~vl9a-..- ..tlefq_. . . • .1
. . .. ~ . -....--
. . V• ~
. • p. 3- !Me- -,1 2c • • 1 ,
" The Cause for which .ilAsreese ffiliss am Au; ant @newer Sat ass Ow' odireeirrn '; io • • • 'd) le girt 1111611 ilAg." I 1114 r ....''
t".""' "* ' s 1.• 7 I
~ . .
• - i
. . .
°Uhl:, 'Ads Oct. IBM SIXTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ' suffering People were raised from insiegetremity of ledgeolla ethlbit tipicatiete of TerenriciloplenCit •
it ECTORS 'of the LIVERPOOL CONCENTRIC SOCIETY. • the kingdom tease other, they wane Miiewered by a firtiteVetaltrdd 00 disCredrt to fite'Colirt of King's 4
K ERCH A NTS of END- ----ros.--. • Suspension of the Habeas Corpse Alit) and that when Benet 1t1441,' 4 Well, Mr. Her noes; says one of i
do hereby gibe Notice, SPEECH OF THE ADV. W. SHEPHERD, CRAllip Ministers had struck to the right sad to the left, and his atitlitork,' sod the criminals?' ' Why, aye i . 3
Of the said Company will be MAN OF TILE MEETING. had incarcerated numbers of atilt' innocent fellow. says Mr. Reeorder, I you just anticipate me; forl tiv....i
street on tVednesday, the 44
I GENTLEMEN,—From the intimation which I have subjects, whom they, at length, discharged, in a man. was going to obeerte, that I never in my life saw so
irk in the Forenoon, for the just given, you sill
ireadily conceive, that lam about ner,.as moon, and sneaking, as their captors was respectable I tit of criminals at ally bar.' Jett SIN $ ,
fr m Midsummer last to
--° to direct your attention to that most gratifying cir- violent; these Ministers were, by the noose of Cost- Gentlenteb, it IS with Mr. Gladstene ; the very eri• it i
~.-5
i*PH DART, Secretary. eomstatice, which has Risen a more Wended sphere, awns, sheltetedfromjulnle., by a 'Bill of lodes. minals of the Hoak of Comities are, in' hit vie*.
fousit, istcec.t. 165---". 4.lsan. usual, to the operations of the Concentric nity What must we think of the expiring proee• most highly respectable. Gentlemen, I will , tusk
s
Ittirtenpßs. of the Society, end which has, on the present occasion, at. dere of the list Bosse of Commons—of its conniv. condescend seriously to answer Mr. Gladstent Sr.
reacted so numerous and so respectable an assemblage. ing at the emescetating of Mr. BroughaWs Bill for patents, if *gement! they mai be called. will
hi ERCIIANTS of ENO-
. charitable
But before Ido this, [must Crave the indulgence, the repression 6( 'frauds in tests, and only remark, that these apologists for sibitieespdrfore i
, do hereby gfee Notice,
while I make a feel preliminary remarks. J.. *. .. i
soul Cowpoy Stuck sofa is thereby preventing the punishment of that sacrilege, ruption run counter to the noblest pritapies o teil
46 And in the first place, I deem it expedient to whereby the bequests of the pious dead for the erlu. human intellect. In morals end in Maid,. ith*ell
next, at Three o'Clock, and r I, s
f unitary following. explain to the stringers who have favoured us with cation of the poor, are diverted into the pockets of as in net. if you do not fix riot stetißird'isght,ous
5,, ,
st.
its on the said Stack, due on their company, the origin and nature of the Coneen- the rich. will never rise to even medieedty• It is also the oitft.
tdelhieradea Wedneday, the tric Society. This Society was formed at the latter Bet upon the subject of experience and the eel.. nonce of Provklence,that in homes affairs ilserei,
end of the year 1111%, immediately after the de. deuce of facts, our enemies meet us in trimmest, nothing stable. If you do not *ire"' yeti wiltitee .. t
911P/f DART, Secretary..
feets et efforts to return that active and intelligent See, say they, the 'Sects oft he present system.— teriorate„ mid it necemsry nselloratiousUre net, from • ,
L-1161--". t. 1)". 4,'8114• patriot, Mr.* Broltrhase, as ens of nor Represents- Look at the power of this kingdom. Look at its tints to time, applied a eatiort.whicit ie_now frees - 11
HRECTORS of let, hi," is Parliament. At that period, many of the opulence. Consider the rank which It holds may meth Goner than IS Issaitssd, tisi. lank in ibilt
r mgmcm4rl,•°-Gs:Tri- Friends of Freedom% this town. havieg been booyed amongst the States of Europe. Recollect the spiels. depths of slavery. • , , .
~ ,
do hereby bins iwtre, • ..
up by extravagant and delusive expectations of sue- dour of our victories. Nobody regards with more ,f,.1
r, a Copy of Which is as:fol- " Such being oar seetinitrets on the subject of Re..
cess, were, In the bitterneis of their disappoiatteent, admiration than myself, the astonishiog achievements form, I congratulate the Members of the Concentric •
THE, CHAIRMAN AND to a great degree dispirited, if not dismayed. A few of British vetoer ; but, I may be remitted to ask, Society, epipe• the cireemetance- of 01/1 annieseilary
[AIRMAN. '•
,_ meritorious individuals observing this, instituted the is victory abroad a criterion of happiness at home? being graced'by the prelleoceof the great chemplA .
hoooor to requent. that tne• Concentric
16th instant, may he „de fur- Society as a kind of rallying point, -where Let it be recollected, that Napoleon had his victories. of polestar rights t end in the nesielef the Seek% 1! .1k J
manumit% the following Mu- the supporters oiliberal principles might, by molest Re entered as a conceseror, Into almost every capital retorts to she worthy Baronet, etet werweifi4 MO . P
.' 4.
I'
counsel and co-operation, prepare themselves to in Europe. But whole his banners waved in tri. most cordial thanks, for itlekkadoess mid .cogleA.
harioe duly considered n lA. •
our sif the Direction of this maintain the cause of Freedom, that glorious caese4 emph in Austria, in . Prussia, and in Russia, the in taking is long et severs We sbestly eidliMl off :, A *
with the Documents ...comp- in which defeat is no disgrace. Inns ooner heard Of People of France were degraded and humiliated. 1 tbiyear, to partiiksta ,ettr feesteillheltr'
u st Mr. flodleston is Tally en-.
the establishment of this Society, than [was (ogee to will not be guilty of such gross exaggeration as to had L• sufficient tektite- to porreffsiwn elb • ,
tootidrnee which the Proprie. 1
enrol myself among the number of its Memberl=--, inert:oaf, the condition of the People of England, to Baronet, I Should *sachet theeitelesilt.._,
,11811111 P
cto remain, Gentlemen. For if, on any occasion, the troops of Freedom are that of the People of I,4rance, under his iron and in. lees meherressmeot in his ale, ilitilltilWrille i
ry humble Servant.. _ 1
••• RANDLE JACKSON, broken and dispersed, wherever a rallying point is to exorable reign. But let me ask, is there nothing to same. But, c=oot hi
es 4 ten, I title; rehr •ii i
.. JostsPH HUME." be found, thither it is oar duty to remit. effect a sevioss mind, in the unsound state of our should do little justice to the of thetliihies.
th instant is therefore further 1\
, 66 oil my induction into this Society, I wall' currency t Is there nothing alarming in the wag. trio Secitty—l em C1M9410111 1 should dolittleteflate
)SEAR DART, Secretary._ happy to bad Its constitution every thing that could Dile& of nor public debt, which is so enormous, to my ovrn—were I het to stet* to the stnegeri,
•
—O(:TAVO EDITION, tie wished. The articles of its creed are few, short,. 'that even in time of peace, our income is not equal who favour us with their company, -the meant for
and •VIII. r',. ' simple, and comprehensive. They are well Illustrated to our expenditure? Is there nothing appalling in our wishing to see Sir French ansoogst us. We hilt* i
.1 •
iswiyen"!`ylitsinietTritit by the ingenious emblem upon nor dinner tickets.... the dongiensation, that we cannot miter upon another invited Sir Fraosis then, not simply in reference to
5. Vt . mid .pr ce i
i. of - . These circles, of larger and smaller diameter, hot all war, however just and necessary, without a re- his ample posseesions; but home* we know, Mao
,
ECE, EGYPT, estehe struck from the same centre, ia irate tbe opinion of Aural of the income Tax, and perhaps the raising whet Providence has abundantly bestowed, he nu
. \
the Third Section ogee se- the founders of the Concentric Society, that in the of it to fifteen or twenty per cent.? Is there no- Well,' imparts. We have invited his, ea slant?'
los Countries of Earepe, Asia, arrangement of the deities of man, we ought to '-ii thing to render us uneasy, when we reflect upon in reference to his rank and station In society. --To
aRKE. LL I). from individuals to the whole.' For they heard the condition of the labouring classes of the rank, we know that respect is dot. But in our reel.
. Davies Strand. concur in the sentiment of tate, so forcibly es . Community ; upon the fact, that mot long igo, hip, respect is heigittetted into esteem, whets, as la
MIS be had,
1 Sit Vain , price/A.Ba. in by the Honourable Baronet on my right hand. Wills every fifth man was a pauper, and that oar poor tax the instance before es, we
.behold an individual bons
et Conies in 4te. 01 Pan the letter to Mr. Hobhooce, that be who ill discharges amounted to eleven millions in the year? So eller. to hereditary honour, standing (*eta as the ettive stet
1 -
Greece, ESYPIO and the Holy the relative duties .1. :ire, is likely to be no other than moos is this sum, that it has attracted the serious at• fearless champion of the rights of the People at large.
gement respecting the Author's a profligate per!! ..:1,10. But these Concentric circles tension of Lpsd Castlereagh. who, I doubt not, We invited Sir Francis, net simply en account of hie .!.
to Vienna; containing his At- are intendr.l to intimate another circumstance. They will soon contrive, by some dexterous management, distinguished talents; hut, because those Watts his
i II
sosylvania and Hungary. Price ' t
are Winded to intimate the fact, that oar Society con. to transfer a considerable part of it from the humble been ewer devoted to the maintenance of the cause of
oily will he palpitated., thewitiu its compass various classes and descriptions ciass of paupers into the pockets of peepers of rank liberty. 4' •
r Dr. CLA it KE's TKAVEL.9 4of Friendsof Freedont,and ass means of obtaining and station. The coedition of the hilsouriog classes " Gentlemen, the political life of Sir Francis , 1
nes thr ugh Denmark. Swedes',
und Ru.bia. With a U.-scripts.. and securing Freedom—of Parliamentary Reform.-.- in this kingdom has indeed given rise to the most cold stands recorded in the Parliamentary history of Ear. •'..
daring the Tyranny of the En- Hence we include within our numbers, advocates of, blooded speculations, and preparations are evidently lend. On a
termrefece to this, we hod,
that since he
Annual, Rod advocates of Triennial Parliaments, akiectov::pen those speculations into practice.— lias had a seat e House of Commons, no owes-
the maw/ attempts that Some of our Members wish tar 'Universal Suffrage ; i May I lice to see the day in which this shelf be ohms .haa heed practised °lithe People,wbich he has riot
It • on the unwary a spurious others of us deem it expedient to restrict the Elective effecd. 11- elo maintain, that the cultivator, who reclined; that no infringement has been made Do oar
GENUINE, BLACKING, pr.-1
'IN. IN, have adopted a nes Franchise to hog
only. It is the object of moisten'te our soil with the sweat of his brow . that rights, against which he has not remonstrated. Time
ea. 97, High Holborn, i 4 so roil. the founders of the Concentric Society, to unite these the artizati who wastes his strength in the prOdac. after time has he visited the dungeon of the political
e, that thr_e; ,_trust unliken').l4"",l '"" 1" various classes aud de-criptions of Reformers 6in 'inn of those manufactures, which are said to be so prisoner, to console him Is his sufferings, to stied-
s type, wsioCri lb Ms lesser
sat once 1.1 detect the 1.1.p....iti0n One close system of benevolence,' candour, end necessary to our existence as a nation, has as much a meter to him relief, and to retirees his wrong'. In
KING, made and sold VVhalesat.• liberality to each other ; sod in a firm phalanx an right to the means of existence (and they ask for no consecteence of this humane conduct, we must well i
, High Holborn, &got retailed ti%
;gists, Bookseller, Ir "neer., opposed to oar common foes—the advAtimies of con. more) is the Lord has to his land. Woe be to him remember, that an order was issued by the higher / ,
;. in tleaUsited Kingdom, in Rot ruption. They deprecate the assumptioA on the part that shall say to this class of the commenity—fol. powers to exclude Me from every prison in the king. 1 1
:ch. of any class of Reformers, of* monopoly of political low net the dictates of natnce—cemply not with the doat, which orders I believe, was only relived, to ,
s'PriCIIQ At A Ctilletii by.. wisdom, or of political integrity. They deem it as law of the Almighty—propagate not your species ; throw open the gates of the Tower, to receive him-
., _.,.._ :...1,- .....nt or_ if coo do. do it at the peril of starving, together self as a captive. And why was he doomed to cap.
- • - .t.i.. s poetess' he stood forth as the champion of 't

rtain dark, and dais.
ie. Sir Francis said, '
elf, my relations, ae i
) be altogether abo- i,
later, are these your i.,
nefarious conspirator.
in end of the system
es he this House may
Indeed! replies some
}
urer, are 6 these year
indeed overthrow thel.:,
in, these pick-pockeig
ollow the example of
see profession. For
ected in making what r
•
n irregular transfer of
to with his neighboar's
in possibly get a little ,
1 beadt the posse cora-
ly esteem the Paris-
s,
becaese be acts from
from the trammels of i
me not be Mistaken.--
I have no quarrel with. SI
alfo of high talent on.
Ise of Commons, is not 1
caste they may happen
' the State. I bad cer.
airs of the kingdom mi. •
so profess liberal e..-
t
•••• --- •
