_"-The Cause for visitich HAMPDEN in the Prithi. di:1111 flied on Ike WWI"

REDUCED FARES AND UNEQUALLED TRA-
VELLING
To Davin, Drat, RANIOATI, M AND Csarrnanuatv,
Four Inside Coaches, end kn., good time, by
8. A. MOUNTAIN and Co. •
SARACEN'S HEAD INN, SKINNER-STREET,
INOW•HILL. LONDON. •
THE following LIUHT POST COACHES, Mails,
&e. set out froni the above Inn
"Telegraph," Dover, Deal, Rammgate, Margate,
Broad Stairs, Canterbury, Fevershans, Sandwich
new Poet Coach, every warning at a quarter past 7
—ln e nee of the decided preference give* to tie
above (=Meth Proprietors are determined a expense
shall be spared to render it the first conveyance eA the
Kent Road.
Brampton, Chatham, Rochester, Gravesend, Stroud.
Sittinybourue, RaissAans Ospringe, Morning, quarter
past 7, it iIDUCSIs PARS.
The "fiord Rottpee.", Exeter',
Tram so~s. . Tobias, Weymouth,
' Dorchester, Dartmouth amtlllllo6sl,ooNtref warning et
7, through Monitors.
iiiishe.AltVisrk, Woodford:
StocharlifYst &gams. rd-bridge, Black-
L water 4. Bayne. z ' • •
The oar Day Can , (driven through
with two ospehosas only.Xth . litackowden,
11 Basingstoke, Overton, WAttekstreh. Andover, Woodyates.
Cashmore.lialisbary.Blatadford dr Dorchester, at a gar.
ter past b o'clock in the warning, at t educed Fares.
The %s Union," Southampton, Lyntington, Lyndhurst
Winchester, Basingstoke, liartford-brge, Blackwater4
and Bagshot new jour' inside Coach, erery wonting
past 7 ; arrives at the Coach and Horses, Easthampton.
by Five. This is a west delightful conveyance to the Isle
of Wight, Jersey. Guernsey. St. Maker Havre de grate,
Cherbnrg, to.--The Proprietors of the above Coon hope
to receive a continuance of that support which has hitherto
been experienced slime the commencement of the " Union."
The " Champion," anew Light Day Coach to Dorelies-
ter in 13 hours only, through Bogehot, Blaekwater, Ba-
singstoke, Overton, Wititchurch, Andover, Salisbury,
Waelyeats, Cashmere and Wandford, at a i pest
o'clock in the morning.—The Proprietors of the above
Coach are determined no expenee shall be spared to render
it the first conveyance on the Western Road.
Bath and Bristol Post Coaches, through Chippenkani,
Caine, Marlborough, Newbury and Reading, every After-
noon at One ; arrive at the Greylanend inn, Bath, the
London Tavern, Thomas Street, and Swan; Bristol, early
tie next morning.
Coaches to Wells, Bridgewater, Taunton, and Plymouth,
at reduced Fares,.
The " Umpire," a new Liverpool light Coach, only One
Night on the Road, carrying Four Inside, sets out Daily
at One; arrives at Liverpool next Afternoon at 3, thro'
Woburn, Lathbury, Northampton, Weijord, Lutttrivorth,
Hinckley, Atherstone, Litchfield,Stone, Newcastle, Kate-
ford, Warrington and Pretest.
Shrewsbury, Wellington and *fiat Light Post Coach,
every Nte . Guarded.
The " Union," Weymouth. titre' Dorchester, Bland-
ford. Salisbury, Andover, Orertos, Basingstoke, Hart-
ford-bridge, Blackwater and Bagshot, nelf Post Coach,
every Afternoon.—At reduced Fares.
Packets from Weymouth to Guernsey, Jersey, Cherbourg,
St. Makes, tee. erery Wednesday and Saturday After-
noon at 2 o'Clack.
Barnstaple and Soullentotton New Light Post Coach.
every Maday,'Weditesday, and Friday mornings, at 7
°Tian.
The "Rockingham," Leeds Light Post Coach, sets on,
every Afternoon at Two • and passes through Baldoekt
Riggieswade Rata, Biocides, Stilton, Wasteford, Stam-
ford, Greeds's, Grantham, Near*, l'atlithstalmen•
moor, Raiford, Bantry, Doncaster, and Ferry-bridge, to
the Golden Lien Inn, Leeds, next Afternoon, at reduced
Fares.—Luggage and Packages only 2d. per lb.—Notwith-
standing the uncommon expedition of this Coach, it is
allowed to be the most agreeable and complete public
conveyance on the North Road, being unequalled by any
other.
Harrovegate and Ripon New Light Post Coaches every
Afternoon, at 2, 4.8 in the Morniag.
Glasgow, Lottgtown, Gretna-Green, Annan. Dumfries,
Sanquhar Kiln, Cannon, Kings-
well, and all Parts of Scotland, a Light 4-inside Post-
Coach Daily.
The Express," to York, Scarborough, Whtny, Shields,
Sunderland, Newcastle and Edinburgh a New LightiFour-
!aside Post-Coach, with a Guard throughout; sets out
every Morning, by way of Newark, Retford, Doncaster,
Ferry-bridge, Tadeaster, Darlington, Northallerloa,
Durham, Morpeth, and Berwick, and orrice, at York the
next Morning at 12 o'Cloek, of reduced Fares.—Passen-
gers finding themselves fatigued on the journey, may
rest what time they please, and then proceed without
any additional fare.
Marlborough and Swindon Four Inside Day Coach,
thro' Aldbourn, Reading, Lambnurn, Parka, Lydington,
Porky, Wootton Basset, Ramsbnry, liagerford, New-
bury and Maidenhead.
Bridgenorth, Walsal, Shrewsbury, Salop, and Holy-
head New Light Coach, every Afternoon, at reduced
Fares. •
The New Royal Patent Mail, Boston and Louth, thro'
Royston, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Stilton, Peterboro',
Deeping, 'Spalding, Spilsby, Alford, Grimsby 4. Hull,
Evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, Sunday, at a quarter
before 7.
The "Express," a New Light Four-Inside Post Coach
to Carlisle, Penrith and Whitehaven ; goes with Four
Horses and a Guard all the way; passes through Appleby,
Brough, Bowes, Grela-Bridge, Richmond, ('atterick, Bo-
rouyithridge, Ferry-bridge. Lancaster, Newark, Murky,
Grantham, Stamford, Greetham, Stilton. niggle:wade
and Baldoek. Sets out in the Morning, and performs the
Journey with the greatest Facility, At neaucso PA am
Passengers detained on the road; by business or plea-'
sure, have the peculiar advantage of their seats being se-
cured in the next Coach.
TIIK ONLY DIRECT COACH TO CARLISLE.

The New Royal Potent Mail, Cambridge aro' Ware,
Bealingford, Buckland, 4. Royston, Evening, at lus(l'-past
7 o'c!ork. Sunday, at a quarter before 7.
Kendal, Lancafte•, Preston, Kirby, Lonsdale, Rollos.
Chorley, Orneskirk and Garstang Light Post Coaches,
every Afternoon.
The " Royal Express." New Light Four-Inside Post
Coach, to Liverpool, in 98 Hours only, taro' Warrington,
Presetat, Congleton, Lawton, Newcastle, Rudgly. Kneels.
ford. Stone, Stafford and Litchfield. (Dll4 One Night en
the Road.) erery Afternoon ; arrives at • the Saracen's
Head Inn, Dale-street, Liverpool, next Evening. at 7,
A 7 RRDL'CED PARES.
Wakefield 4-Inside Post Coaches, every Morning and
Afternoon, A 7 REDUCED FARES.
eleestcr. iVewport, Whilechurch, Tarporley, Nanpt-
wide, Northwieh and Middlenick Light Poet Coach, every
Afternoon.
Sunderland, Stockton and l'aralight Post Coma every
Morning, to the George Inn, Sunderland, Ar ISDUCILDI
PA /MY.
Mountain's " Express," to Manchester, Wasslow. Cos-
glelon, Newcastle, Walsal. Wolverhampton 4' Kuuteford,
New Four Inside Post Coach, erery Afternoon. Onig
One Night on the Road. A 7 RXDUCED PARES.
Sheffield and Rotherham new Pour beside Post Coaches
every Morning, called " The Express," and also
Rockingham,' every Afternoon, A 7 asouCto PA ass.
At Reduced Fares, to Leeds, York, and Doocistert
Loggsge and Packeges at only two-pence per lb,
S. A. MOUNTAIN and Co. respectfully acquaint their
Friends and the Public, that they will not be accountable
for any Parcels, Passengers' Lepage, Writings, Plate, &c.
of more thin Five Pounds value, if lost, stolen, or damaged.
unless entered as such, and the insurance paid for accord-
ingly, at the Saracen's Heed Inn, Skinner-street, Snow-bill,
Loudon.

iY.

STRICTURES.I-DARANIAN DISPENSARY, for
the ogre of DISE'ASIOS of the URETHRA,•tup
Ported by Volllittert Contributions. His Royal Highness
the Duke*? SUSSEX, Peron —Mr. DUFOUR informs his
Stricture and Rapture Patients that the appointment of Sur-
geon to the above Establishment does not Interfere with his
private practice, as he may be consulted et the usual hours ;
and that. Warranted by thirty years of extensive practice,
he eau Oar 11. milt, safe, and effect-al method of cure for
either of the above distressing diseases. Bee his Treatise
on Diseases of tbe Urethra, end the radical care of Rupture.
No. 48, Besaumstreet, Olfbrd-strent.

GOSS'S WORKS.
Hawke* pail's& siortra mail.
Out sage relates to man.—MollTl AL.
Isbed, price de. in boards, Sizteeath &lido!,
/$OlB of LIFE; a Non-Medical. Com-
- meetery on the4llallCOl4lolllarltlok from IfIZ2
~ la which the Causes, Symptoms, and ti
felfeets of Lees Veneres, Gonorrhoea, Stricture, Seminal.
Wedknese, &e. are tally ffeealoped; Port 11. embraces
Frieda* Obserrations on Sexual Debility, Self-Abuse,
tusitMenSal Irritation; with some Interesting observations
ea vegetable and aninsailifie; in Pak 111. la a Series of
,Casev Illastre et dis pleradllig subjents. exPlehiluf
*is, isoilaNiar 'manner. By GOSS and Co. Con-
20110141111Wasme,.Londos.
ililisie
- t . A . Natant beans • 1
dedit, si anis eognoeeriintl.--CLaulstals.
' . thews to all eke fiend &/ bliss supplies,
Ite application marks Ole wise.
2. UTOZIANA, a Noa-Medical Analysis of some •Com-
plaints incidental to Females, in which era offered some
Important admoaitions of the peculiar debilities suending
their circumstances, sympathies, end fermation. The sub-
ject of Sterility Ls especially dwelt upon. Interesting and
important eases Illustrate the subject.
Quo fugit Venus ? Hen! quore color deeens.
Her. Lib. 4.0 d. IS. 1

Is:

Mather.)lies Love? Als where Ike clac;;E;g6l;ons7
• The Above may be had at 20, Paternoster-row ; 89, Pall-
Mall; 41, Piccadilly; Ifh.Prlnces-stfeet, Soho; 82, Fleet-
street; 174, Fleet-street ; 40, West Smithfield ; 98, Cheap-•
side; 4, Catherine-street, London; Porter, 72, Grafton-
street, Dublin; Jones, 117, Trongate. Glasgow; Dutton,
Puri, St. Edmonds; Stevenson & Co., Burks & Co., Nor-
wich ; EL ilock, !pswlcb; Barratt and Duffield, Bath ; Shep-
pard. Bristol; Hatt, Cambridge ; Headley; Leeds ; and at
all Booksellers.—N.B. Messrs. GOSS and Co. are to be
consulted, as usual, every day; at their house ; and Patients
in the Country are requested to describo minutely the case,
enclosing a remittance for Advice and Medicine, which can
he forwarded to any part of the World.--GOSS and Co.
Surgeons, No. 11, Bouverimitreet, Fleet-street,
London.

• IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS—THURSDAY.
The Merchant Apprentices' Bill the Bristol and Brighton
Gas Bills. and se►eral private Bills ware brought up Irons
the House of Commonv, and read a first time.
A person from the Consealssinaers of Dover Harbour pre-
seated certain accounts to the House.

The Irish Commercial Intercourse Bill went through a
Committee.
Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition from the perish
of Wendham, and another from the town of East Deceiving,
in Norfolk, praying for theAbolitioa of Slavery in the West
Indies.
SWITZERLAND.
I .Thsi Aferqnesto f L ANISDOWN said btwlsbetla
gond°. er oble Fled whom he torn saw in'his pla.e.
He wished to know from the Noble Earl if be was enabled
to state whether his hlejesty's Government. had reerived any
communication relative to any treaty enticed tato by the
Continental Powers for the military occupation of S• itzer-
land bythe Austrian troops. A rumour had reached him,
which he hollered was wall f ended, that an arrangement
had been made, and a treaty signed on the elst of March, in
virtue of which the troops of Austria were oectipOng the
whole of Switzerland. Their Lordships must be aware that
a measure of this kind would be mos of great importance
in the present state of Europe, and that it was proper they
should be in possession of the earliest possible information
on the subject.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said he would.most readily
give any information upon this or any other subject which
might have come to his knowledge ; but he assured the No-
ble Marquess that his Majesty's Government never heard of
any such circumstance, nor did he himself hear of any ru-
mour of the kind, until about half an hoar before, when it
was privatelymentioned to him by the Noble Marquess. His
Majesty's Ministers bad no knowledge even of an intention
on the part ofthe Continental Powers to take military pos-
session of Switzerland.

Here the conversation ended.
On the Motion of the Martriesa of L%NDSMOWNI it was
ordered thet•Lord Aucliand be added to the Select Commit-
tee on Weights and Measures.--Adjourned,

HOUSE OF COMMONS—Tnt ;MAT.

Mr. CHICHESTER presented a petition from Larne in
Ireland against the equalization of duties on East and West
India sonars.—Laid on the table.
Sir JOHNIAEBItIGIIT presented a petition from the in-
habitants of Royston, in Hertfordshire, against the slave
trade.—Ordered to- be printed.
Mr. HART DAVIS presented a petition from the
Mayor and Burgesses of Brilool aKainst the equalization
of the Ditties on East and West ludic sugar.—Laid on
the table.
The lion. Member presented a similar petition from
another body of the inhabitants of Bristol.—Laid on the
table. -
Mr. COK presented a petition from a town in Nor-
folk against the slave trade.—Laid on the table.
A petition to the same effect was presented from the
inhabitants of tockermouth.—Laid on the table.
Mr. C. CALVERT presented a petition from the pa-
rishioners of St. °lave, Southwark, praying to be heard
by themselves or Counsel against the Laudon Bridge
Bill.—Referred to the Committee.
M, • DUNCAN presented a petition from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Itirwinzliam in favour of tile Bill
for equalising the duties on East and West India sugar.
—Laid on the table.
Mr. MAItRAYTF presented a petition against the
Bill from the ship-owners of London.—Laid on the table.
The Honourable Member presented a similar prti-
don from the inhabitant of Teignmooth.—Laid on the
table. ,
The Hon. Member then presented a petition from the
planters of Trinidad, complaining of considerable losses
in the sale of their sugars, and praying for relief.—Laid
on the table. _ _

Sir A. CAMPBELL presented six petitions from
Greenock, Dondee, and other parts of Scotland, apirist
the Bill for equalising the sugar clutirs.—Laid on 'the
table. . . _

_Mr. BRIGHT presented similar petitions from the
Bankers, Traders, and Ship-owners of Bristol.--Laid on
the table.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented a petition from the in-
habitants of the parish of HiHeady in the cennty of
Armagh, complaining of the expense they *ere at iu
supporting illegitimate children, and praying that the
Churchwardens :night be authorised to proceed against
the parents.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented a petition from the in-
habitants of Ballitore in. Ireland, praying for the abo-
lition of Slavery in the West Indies.—Laid on the.table.

'7lll9rri
• •

Pet (esti

, --

I+•. . •

' • 4 ..... . ,
s,
I'
I • •
..*."-...r.
• •• 4#4 ..'.
A IA
' 1;,::.p. ‘Mt•—••••••• ' a., „...., v.
f ,70t VOW, itEll . • ,

--r -'-"

' .

PRICE ERVEN PENCE.

. .
' Mr. GROSSETT presented p petition from the Plant-
ers of the Island of St. Vincent, against the Bill for
equaliziug the duties on sugar.—Laid on. the table.
Lord MILTON presented a petitien from the Hon-
onrable apd . Reverend William Herbert, egairist_the
Bill for authorizing the sale of game.—Ordered us be
printed.. . .
Mr, W: SMITH presented a petitiOn from certain
Bersons concerned 'in the herring fitheries, arainet the
ill for equalizing the deities Os sugar.—Lid On the
table.
Mr. HUME presented a petition frams the Table;beer.
Brewerrin the phrish of St. Luke's, Miiiallesdx, Ore/riot
fur further delay in the progress of the Beer Bill.—Laid
on the tahle.
Mr. HUME presOnted a petition from a person rta
Enableton, a ship-Moser, in Northumberland; complaiel
it; of certain grievances in having been arrested ant
put to expense in constopiefice of penalties incurred u
dee the;Eitcise Laws upon the Better° of his ship. It a
peered that the petitioner was guilty of a breach of tho
Curotn House regulations, in having broken balk with:
id four loagues of lane, Add on that ground alone a ver-
die4.wasgiveioagainst Isbn for it could not Improved
thet he bad any smuggled goods ob board. lie (Mt.
Untie) hoped that the case of the petitioner n ould he
taken into facoulable consideration, as- his off. ode was
ronly of a trifling nature, while the expense he had been
put to in consequence was overwhelming.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL defended the course
adopted towards the petitioner, and contended that there
was no hardship in it.
Mr. ELI.ICE and Mr. TRKMAYNE supported the
prayer of the petition, which, after a few words from Mr.
HUME, waa ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUSKISSON presented a petition from certain
West India Merchants of Liverpool, agaiust any altera7
don in the ditties on West India sugar; and mother •
from other Merchants of the same town, praying for the
equalization of the duties on the Bast and West Indio
sugars.—Ordered to be printed.
STANDING ORDERS. •
Mr. HUSKISSON, in compliance with Lis notice;
called the alention of the House to the Standing Orders •
respecting the introduction of Bills regulating trade.—
He gave a history of the circumstance which g ire rise to
those Orders, and contended that one of those Orders did
not apply to the case of the Spitalfielda Att Repeal Bill,
which W4B io progress through the House. That Bill,
instead of enacting new regulations; bad for its object 'o
repeal existing regelatiens and restrictions in' trade. lie
thought, also, that nothing could be more absurd than
to refer a Resolution considered and adopted in a Ccon•
mince of the whole House to a Select Committee .
stairs. lithe construction contended for were to be put
those Standing Orders, it was impossible to proceed
with busineis in that House. It was competent for the
Hon. Member for Yorkshire (Mr. S. Wortley.) as he staled
last. night to refer a Bill to a Commits e up stair, but
that twat be in compliance with a vote of the Home,
and not in obedience to the Standing Orders. The P.!.
Hoc Gentleman said that with respect to the second
Standing Order, be Lad sumo doubts, and be therefore
moved that the said Standing Order be referred to a `e-
lent Committee; to report ,their opinion on it to the
flows, , a to say whether it ought to be continued on
their Journals.
Mr. STUART WORTLErsititended that the Stand.
ing Orders did apply to the present case; but he had no
objection to the Select Committee.,
Mr. DENIS BROWNE agreed with the Hon. Mem-
ber for Yorkshire, that the Standing Order ought not to
be dispensed with.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER explain-
ed the object which the first establishment of those
Standing Orders had in View. It would be impossible
for Government to proceed while inich impediments were
thrown in their way, with the establishment of trade on
those liberal gronnas, which was so much approve'd of.
through the country, and which they would effect, if
they were supported by the House.
After a few words front Sir R. FERGIJSSON, deny-
inga ostr.etrients of the Hen. Member for Yorkshire
respelvollk the utility of the Bill, the stamping of linen
in Scotland.
Mr. CA LCR A FT supported the utility of the Standi
Orders, and did not thiok a Committee necessary. Ira
war convinced the Standing Orders were made to apply
to easerwith like one before the House,
Mr. BROUGHAM said, be rejoiced in the Bill of the
Right lion. Gentleman, which went• to remove celoas
and impolitic restrictions on trade. Being of that opZ-
nion, he hoped lie would not be suspected to throw any
hope lioients in ita way by opposin to it the Standing
Orders. He was glad the Right ifooouraMe Gentlemen
opposite had at length become converts to free trade. He
was of opinion that those Orders ought to he referred td
a t

Lord MILTON thourrbt it would be more advisable to
have the Bill itself referred to a Committee.
Mr. RICARDO said that he remembered that the
Hon. the Chancellor of the Exchequer bad elpres‘ert
himself on a late occasion in she same terms thit he had
done that day. if the Chancellor of the Excheqqer ex-
pected to gain a great deal of fame and receive herein'
and renown throughout the cow:try without meeting
some observation and dificulties, be expected that which
no predecessor of his in office ever enjoyed. fie hoped,
however, that his Right lion. Friend would not he de-
terred, bet that he would persevere to get rid of thcese ob-
noxious laws.
Mr. CANNING said that be would oftir a few merit
in explanation for his Right Hon. Friend. What he did
complain of was (and perhaps justly) that brims accused
of being accessary to the vices of the whole system, ever;
at the time when he was doinglais best to correct the
most notorious parts. it was his (Mr. C.'s) opinion, on
a review of the whole case, that it would be better to
go into a Committee for the consideration of the claim..
Lord MILTON said a few words which were /LA heartt

to the gallery.
Mr. F. 131;N:TaN wished to ascertain what coarse the
Horourable Gentleman opposite intended to on-sue
with respect to the petitioners un the Spiftlfirld. Wra.-
Vera' Bill.
Mr. HUSKISSON said that if the Cotitmittee ed
forced the clause, could not be brought ti-Twart
in any reasonable titnithin the Session. 1f the Coin•
mince decidisd against it, and that the Bill was brought
io, in that case be would proceed with and in some stage
(he di .I not know then to what rage.) he would give ell
indiviilwils who considered themselves in any WA y plc-
judlced by it, an opportunity of subniitttnl their opimuu
to the Honey.
Mr. PETER MOORE wished to see the eptestien of
the Standing Order brought to an issue, and be hoped
it would he got rid of, He had a Bill beture the !lease
which if carried would have the etfict of repealing forty-
four obauive 9r uttnaccrary Acts. ,His Buil was cir.:u-
lated under the sanction of the How throvittont tie
country. and Ise.twas.happy to sy- titar he re. etve.i from
'every part the most dattectog tesfunoviali in its fayottr.
If it were carried. ouc godik,effsci liesustiooely hop
froth it, that of reining-two ii4ral: of the Ptior's e,

• -.e•

The Standing Order was then referred to a Committee
who were appointed for the purpose of its consideration.

SWITZERLAND.
Mr. BROUGHAM roc. on seeing the Right Hon.
Secretary for Foreign Affairs in his place, to ask a
qiiestion relative to some intelligence which be had re.
ceived,•beteiribilithhif %MC it the' advaitde of 'that
systein which attierideti;Milifict, to destroy the Libor-
ift s.stt, et eePtate.ixFarraraz..lit...alluded tolite-aPpli-
catiosof the sv.stcro Of ,the Holy Allies to Switzerland,
notiriftbitibilliig'ittlie.elfell afr the 'Swiss Cantons to
4 oneilittt9lM-tt e3i4ed favor y.' refesing•an asylnm te•
the Neapiiiiiiil'alidgrantp; WISO songlit . for protection
n ilft" them. Ifepliked .t 0 eatitatarta Ii all or any part of
wheelie hallo alai Wait Iliaided in (Pc', or if tbe'lliV.,
tish'Cabineekit reettivid tey'official Inforniatinn Millie'
sableer. lie,npderstouil that apoominnication.hail,beei
notch •. liithi lip4ilaWdoferintient to one or more of
tiicil.M'tai UatitOtla. catlint on them to make •cefialts
ch its let 'in •theil Coniti tlitiow---th at the protection clan
Archduke of,Anatria was offered fortheir acceptance,' if
not ciimin....d.dedl . aid that itinitria, carrYlntr. its' kind
car. from the temporal to the spiritual interest of the
pitipdteil several' changes :in. the.. Cantons with
regard ,to the aupointigent, of Bishops--in. Protestant-
t.'ahlees.notithiating.Proteitant fiiiliops. and in Catho.
Etc.tinttitts;, Catbatc Bishitpe. • He underitood. further
that the cessihn of Geneva' lb thelting* of Sinfinia Wail
thentiooed. It was stated, alone, that this. last propos'.
Liao, or all thercomatenieation; :lealieboAfted to the
French GOvartiment, to ascertain If It 'weitioassiinant to.
the interests or the wishei hf IN*, liiiitillaiettlihFctt.
was returned was to the effek that the plotioied ch-anges
were spite consonant to the lutenist' sod, *Mei of
Fi.ances and much More 40 dial sitowlift the Siiiiia
Cantons to heeiaut a form fot Jobbloisni. Hi niadfi.
stood that a qbeslort shifter to tlikt which •he' naiii.
ack 41, was inentiOnedir et.idiSir- plat", and with this
' addition, that a treat! Will iPOISIO of by which-Mettle
r ii perniitted by the HolfattlltrOe to take willibify poi-.
erasion of Switrerland. ' If Whitt. Lesseeeer, ley' refelt-
veer to that extensimipf the posoikr, the Hies* Would
see that theleast part oi'tbe runtime wet lif All •too
',lnch : that it was one deeply aliktinitlietkiiialter of
the Allies, end the libertiei of Buraape, ade :Ile Wills
bore the proinise of bitter finits to this couti4. - - •
Air. Secretary CA•NNINti 'rep** that 'Webb :idle
part of whit the Han. Gehilinteti bad • meritirmagaeg 1
toe 'misrlt, Ow least pal*. Olt More 'than birklit..e.)
knew or heard any thing of,
GREEK fiLoC%tii-
Mr. HUME said that he anal " ' ' that, the Bri.
tisrh Crolzers in the' Medlterepoona• bad not rsopostil
this rights of the Greek blottstade of the Turkish poilt:::
()of of them had compelled a Week ship to give upiiii_!
Ebrrliah vessel taken in the very set of carrying imolai,'
to•Torkish vessels In a spite of btoclitkle: Its wiiltadal
therefore.,,to salt the Right Hon. Oesitieman, whether the
Beitiali'Goreentnent ha dives ottlein to havv•the tivetk
Mocks rie* riiifief Oa is cases iberbo'ionatfide blockade
did exist, in the seiie *diet OS- the Turkish blockade
was reeported? . ~. .
Mr. CANNTNO' all it was true' that one Me bad
come to his knowlege where the blockade wi violattel
bt sa
Britith cruiser, bet that orders had been since
keen on the 'objets, eml to nitre! with 'Anil Striet•
sees the Greek and Tottieb I,ll~e.
' -
If.AST lt4bt/OHIPIAIe '• "' • •
Itfr J. I,eoSg ELIA iiterented a potidot!fibii'stret‘,,
rat Planter's and OsintrX.of West India propeity aditiet
titte.peal sif the Odes oil' East Ode sugar. He alit*
peesented a petition to the seine effect frotWthe nissuffte..
turers of refined sugar and the traders in sogir in the
parX of London. '
Mr. WIORAM presented a petition froth ***Edit
Ifidia'Compand, t•taying an eqbalization of the ditties I
on. East and West India Sugar. cad further' praying
piermisslon to be beard by (leanest at the bar of the
Ifouse in support of their petition.
Mr. ASTEL.L se pported the prayer of the petition:.
' Mr. WHITMORE presented a petitio:i from the
Eiiropean and Asiatic merchants residents of Oilman,
praying fovea equalization of . the Sugar duties.—
He said it was the first petitiOn of the kind ever pre-
sentej.
Oil. MONEY supported the' tin y+. : •
!kir. T. WILSON contended: that the. ,ilayin of the
West India colonies were much *stronger than those**.
vauceil bY the petitioners. , •
Mr. Win RA NI 'objected to sof anticipation of the dee:
bate to whicii the House would be open in another path
Of tbe evening.
Mr. Bilitliirsaid a few wordi, which were I' Able
in the gallery.
The petition was then laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
CHIEF BARON O'GRADY.
. Mr. RICE said he took that opportunity. to *mention,
nevillingly to menden, his intention of moving the
Nellie on the 27th of the mouth, that the Chief Baron.
ef Ireland be ordered to attend the House. He named
Biat day as the most convenient, hat if there appeared
deft inconvenience likely to arise from that arrangement,
he *odd be glad to appoint another.
'..Not,lce was, received for the 27th. , •
• INQUIRY zpno.THt CONDUCT OF TILE SHERIFF
OF PLIIIILIN.'
sir R. HERON said that it was important for the
/louse to be made aequainted with the actual state of the
inquiry into the .conduct of the Sheriff of Dublin.—
There were in London at least 50 witnesses waiting for
• etfamiiiation at a great expense to the public. and with
no doubt great inconvenience to many of them. The
evidence GT some was not likely to produce much public
advaniage, and perhaps would be not asked a single
4 oi,,n. Every one must have observed how very
Ole the examination had latterly' gone, and what
the information was obtained from the concluding part
tte
of the evidence. He considered that some day should
be appointed beyond which the House would not proceed
any further in the husiness.• Either that should be
(Mite, or the inquiry be at once given up, to which he had
si!, objection. ,•
Cofoncl BARRY said, that when the Hon. Baronet
spoke of no inforination being obtained by the late ease
hd nations, he overlooked a fact which had-been elicited,
ol 07 kreatest intprirl4nce, in his opinion. As he had
4 Idertaken the defence of the Sheriff, be should, in
fairness to him, carry on his defence to a conclusion, and
lie shook! be sorry that the inquiry should terminate Un-
til full justice was.at aired. .
Sir ft. HERON explained, and proposed Monday next
is a proper day to resume the inquiry.
Mr. AnEßcitom BY raid that the House was placed
in a very inconvenient situation. .Many. Members had
reason to' tOmplain of-the cope beings of their corn-
RV whit thgovielles of krt. It was thadee-
Thji
sgitaltt 'first. Oat. tlieltiirtirya . 'proceed with vigour,
sidi al pbbno.besiitess tire' wi4 ;. it had slues hem id-.
.faulted to lan*nivh. He hegira that it- tvouLl. nat.bir
*lkea to die i nktnra) dentb,. btu that who* sikeitistis'
• elett,dioiiiittsitnide. to briitit Ice toorlusion. a. •
• ..tittAltAft644 stsme dik outfit .be Asa*
Alitioquiel )rity reetTgbla and., test it tyantld sitentinme
11Q_'1.1oragiialitin,.titillArt 'alive coisinileretk ishiiies!
111‘Krelintt. - . . . • . -- :.. .;. .7,....r..,,, ,
Nolonvl BAtiltif.)eifici tint. wield not ails* 10
•Ow abrupt reredoettion of 't Mt?. He ise-thew '
Ifghdy: tO ge on, and the irk' . 111 artheifirimet '
. tliktmomenl. -
_,.,. ' ...., %":i '• 7 ,' •.. , 11:i., . •
31i,. CALCRAPT eifelfeetbst
•*dot- Gallent'ilhltseel
• Atiold indite Ole Otlitof.the fiat.:.- • • ... .:
• • 01.. BAIRN' lit that he beveee.atiewd titeOsati—ni
efe (*thief thetiiiiiittrayistienVOTOtilittst/y, It whe I
tatelairi ewe of those iiito is tititti. the inquiry to do
•

the inquiry he resumed. . ." - . •
A new Writ was ordered for the Borough 'of Bossineyi
in *renew of-the Hoar. Mr. Ward (now Loral Dudley
andwasTognined to the Upper it'l.".
PAY •
, . ... lIALF IN I Et.AN/1.
EfineTal OASCOYNE, actordthirt6 notice, called tbi
attention of the House to thariidthin, "That siO Alt;
dress be presented to his Majosty,:.te direct that tins
Warrant of the fth 'of March last be reconsidered, and
theftbousymenti:to balf-pay.offie4l in Ireland be• paid
in Bridal! currency." It was theft linjiiiit to rout din:
tinciionsin the rewards of men whose
.serviees'setins(threr
stmt; whin -two men bad served their connlif eilliii,ler
wit most unfair that one_sholild be paiddlifetenttyf*
the other, because he happened to,,resitlein frelaig..ei
(Hear.). Thistnetion Shea, was put forward as nrciages
of right and not as a favour.. There was no distioction
made in thecase of any et her country in the wend; het the-
officer was punished for baginfirdiedbierrsidince in Ire-
land alone. He would ask, wail tin/ serviee-nite purcha-
sed more cheiPly,-0) rish *rage veined Illss highly than
any 'othet ? Mid yet the whets!' amount . of. Ail
made by this unjust arrangement; wth only. 7,8001: •
'the present Cloverninint bad already given
np hind
of thousands of tax s, to encourage* people to reside:la.
'lreland. This class of men slituild, tether (.004:
bounties for Irving there, for the were proper pun lir*
for the upright slid impartial Magistrates, nide* -me
.much wanted in Oast innately. , If this principle was to
be adopted, let it be Media Seotlaed; Devoeshire, aid ,
shy town in iliplaad. Ooverninent would tbeo hare
ft} pay the officer in proportlos to the pricer of onset-
lio s where we happened to 11,0. The" principle
me • unjust, aid might therefore to be. . . .
Thrunjust,e Hon. frftifilieV Concluded by :tiering " an AIR", to
the King, that the watiant of the 6th of hlatethit'' ' si-
c.
altered, and the piyamet abaft' pat oteere ofd{'oft
roe's' and Peasiottens, be 'continued to' ill' 4-4
glish currency as heretofore:" .
Lord PALM HRSTON oppoeiri dte motion,'" *
ground that it won id be unfair to mske any alliratitikii
the mode of. paying officers on. helf-pay, whit)" .so
riot eirteeded to the whole service. It was also object-
ionable as leading to en increase of namely. The se.
flagman which the motion meant to chpoge was Rot ,
en innovation, for all the Army establishment, ip lie..!
-lend had been paid hitherto in trisb.Currency, and roily,
tote of money for that service bad boon made in • diet.
cartons+. Wherever an officer's regiment happellldlta
be, when he was put open hairpin Ise was *Usti tbriv
currency of that country during his liiii. ltiroild be
certainly desirable to equalise the curiendei of gig stir.;
•vice of loth 'countries but that qurstldn 'could' net be'
considered abstractedly. If the printiples *lib sppflixt,
to half-pay officers, it ought to be extended to Gi' elide
service. The increase of expense, if the full pay of, the
Irish Army was paid in English currency would, be
127,0001. and of the whole army establishment 237,000.
The Itrini4thfrifore, could n,.t tete one step without
going the whole way. He (Lord P.) however, would
modify the application of the principle so far, as to con-
tinue to pay officers who had been on the English estah-
lisbrirmit,' but who west to reside in Ireland, In the
English • ctirrency. Farther he could not go, and he
Should thereforeoppose the motion.
Sir J. iVelt Pot?, Sir H. VIT/AN, Mr. HI'TeRIN.,
soar, and bfr. (RATTAN, spoke in support of the Mo-
tion.
. Aker a few words from Sir Cnassms Loss Siderite.
Itetell.ttrtsa,:
'General GASCOYNE intimated that fin. isteifsferiti-
Krim the motion.
1 Motion withdrawn. . -
Mr. PLUalltißß presented a petition frees tbelslnda
of Nevis 'rand the 4i per Cent. Daties.—Leld on the'
table.
EAST'
_AND %VEST INDIA SUGAR,
Mr. W. urmTstottE rose, in pursuance of notice to.'
move for a Committee to inquire into the dude, payable
on East and West India Sugar. He regretted aatilie
important subject had not fallen into snore Competent
hands. He implored the deep attention of the House,
which the subject was so eminently entitled to. With a
*Jew to simplify the question, he should consider it un-
der three distinct heads. First, with reference to the in..
.terest of th e consumer in England; tdly,witb reference to I
'tlie interests of the Government of I ndia ;and, lastly, with
ireference to the interest of the West India Colonies. As
to the first, he was sure it was not now necessary to
show that it would he for the benefit of the consumers
that their market should be open to liberal competition.
He was not aware that any ground of exception could
be found in this case. • The House was aware, that there
was an extra date of ten shillings on one soil, and fifteen
Shillings on another description of East India sugar,
' over and above that on the . West Indian article. 'l'be
Holt. Member then entered into a short calculation to
sbow that the monopoly of the market by the West In-
dian planters cost the consumers in this country no less
than two millions a-year sterling. The Hon. Member
then proceeded to the discussion of another branch of
the subject, namely, how for the interests of the Govern-
ment in India was affected? India had undergone seve-'
rah revolutions. It was conquered by various countries,
and notoitstaoditig that various dynasties bed been im-
posed upon it, it underwent no change so striking or im-
portant as that which has occurred since the opening of
the trade with that country. The consequence of this
was, a market for our manufacturers beyond our most
sanguine expectations, particularly the woollen and cot-
ton manufacture.
For the year 1815; the amount of woollens ex.
ported to India, was X;084,340
And for 1822
But the most remarkable of all was, the increase of cot-
ton manufacture.
In 1815, the quantity exported to India amonst-
ell to .. 109,4135
And in 182°.
Such an increase was a proof of the great advantages de-
rived to this country from an open trade with India. Of all
the revolutions which that country underwent, -this car
tainly was the greatest, wh..ther considered in reference
to the immense distance, the manners and customs bf the
natives, or the low price of labour in that country. It
was one of the most remirkahle instances oldie effects-of
the steam engine and machinery, that the raw material
was:brought from India, manufactured in England, sent oat
again to India, and sold there at a cheaper rate than the
natives could make It. There was nothing like this to be
found In the history of trade : it was true that we have ror-
nisdy mipplied the Netherlands and -America with woollen
.eleths, eta ebrapeerste than they could prodseetheßunder
similar circumstances ; hut !list we Should h.fre thine so in
India, where the price of labour was so extrea.pjyp4, was
ove mom extrtordintry triumph of skill andindustry ever pre-
sented to human knowledge. Hut at the tlmfrvie weni'ettol-
ling our own industry, we Mused look to its effects iniedie.
li destroyed tie native manufacture in all the it Presi-
dencies' and annihilated a trade which existed from theear-
'llifstlyeriod of the history of /odic Tali. might he „made 8
:blotting or a curse to that country--.-a blaming Kit Ipergsso
use employment of the natives, end gave them a alit for the
peoilimilos of thutaltiticles witich.woulii,be nneresras con.
I,ouniest.in this ctituteP,-014.et COrs• if it tieSireist4Xte trade;
sod. hen we reruitfd to If ste what It. indUitri yodld ItiM.,
*this Trera:the effects Of the op,iningin'elm* with filth*, •
teer 'war a treater atrocity comMitted type'seery Orsini.—
4 we Imeginethat ire could ptersoe ear oats foistrasie With
#puility, al the expense of India? I fwe wisher tisloringt.‘
it'd Iff the cubiti ly 8 thl x..* etaditt pie ea.
trolled; which, its mai reispects. bare-Muth etteimiggiagiil,
tusilk, Balton-OM Jheteeiecn way, OW: "17aZi
ses.sumed In Ireland, ind we took none- Of the p oft

. ,

•

_,.
There were even'a statntei wmch
. cattle from Ireland. to England a
ins the result or these restrictiona.-
_. period, Ireland. armed. asserted IMEtitill.
, -.„,...-
Vd.Witt
_tke bayonet demanded and obtained a free trade ~
'Whitt cal-once refused tojestlee, wee afterwards coot:re...lt
te face.. Could we pursue the same conduct in India with
n-different result. Such coniunt was etinatateninelther with
the loot-est.-or the honour of England. Upon what did we
~depend. fur the security of our possessions lii India ? Wan it,
no undo Sepoy arms 1 Was it not upon native teling. and'
Indian -bayonets? lirhich, if once turned squint* us;
our Empire in India would not lists day. It would pe-
v!sit,'ablff=;- ' • -
' • • "-Etter-11W lairfte'ess fal.rle of a Onion,
'• • ~. , . Peeve tote wreck behind." • • ,
'((while tbeferliiigii of the natives werelliettlie to Elie
liMdie, second Morpoider shmild, like thi 6,1,
.after the
col,. , • nest of aiether 'Darius, plant kii'letlont open the
I lent of the. flitdasties and flangei..• wonid tlieg not
idea y rei,te.on.tbeopportoiniry to *hike off t4i peesent:i
14011/31 . He had tiow, he hoped, succeedellin previa/ that
the present system war equally is opposition to the, In-
terestwand justice of England. Hai :wookl now end's-
veitv-tO show the groat injury whish.thiesonottry. wool
sustnin from a lots of ,its tra.le with ladle. . That trade
wittliighly ratifier in ati.foreign colt/M.ll4i' pothers by
`them it was ortirrited; but by us it 'was' certainly ender,
/ital. Never any any trade so hverlobked In iii its re-
oulta as the tea pith India. There Was go. ti lit Ow
bolted at the siteatioa of this ermateYs who did aakad!.
'Willie neteenlidt eVepholding trade to the iitqwwit eg,
tent:- and yethe knee no plaice, thoogh•nome more meg,
keret, is which trade was more likely to be . attended
with great artbmieficialadvontiget to this centerrthie I
with-India.. . ecniiii(oe ateignable limit costal buisod im
egtenkinstleit, ireghlst,„ If .we only ibilseitted to tato ttilliel
a•lielitit feint 4/43-,,,41th which thedf. cont.': Intnisit ste.7-
It. woo ;rise then tlist „I ndia *offeiedlee -110 tilrAtigtosigteil
o swieuetiltikel errideit, ea ente iaaid iarttlifii/i ,traly_th
rurpemt width lwitment to propene.,. If Way 41110,1•30 get 1
* rho malt profiteer.° our suanufaitueeni-oad the greet
•ntokaohnt for theemployment of rapitel in mir countries,,
rigid be shot oat a trade so advent 'Kerins as thAt with
tpdie. It was only "hit giving every facility to the &ye-
toirement of . trade ro Intliktbat We couli ever be emend'.
to
our pries* difficulties. The consequence of
the. present system was, that we had no adtinote retort);
float India for the articles we exported. Ile !Quid notl
1 new stop to inquire. into the pernicious results of draw-
,ieglallton frogs India, further than to observe,, that if
ikes were. brought front a conntry where it was not 1
Oared, the quantity then would be proportionably di,.
. finished. He svonki now protecd to consider the result
'M-it regarded the West Indies; and th.tret argasnent he 1
,bad to contend with here, was that the West Indlins had
-mo tight to the exclusive trade, amounting to a charter.
fint it was in vain tolook.fos inch erighti* because he
, fotind the price of East India Sugar constantly varying,
sometimes more,. and sometime* less. Preto 1.137 to (8113
it was subject to so ad ralorein diety.whicit'was comider-
eid below the duty paid by the West Indies. In lega it
as completely altered, and again sohjeet to a *bits of
Vs. But there wee no regular protecting'•dnly imposed-
in favour of West India Sugar tilt 1313, when a ditty of
*Os. was Imposed, without sufficiently considering its ne-
cessity, or exciting that discussisin in Parliament which
its importance merited. Hut the West Indians were
not satisfied with a duty of 10s. and an additional ditty
of ss: was afterwards added. It might be then pleaded
in favour of this ditty, that the colonial system was iq
its fall vigour, hut as it was since altered, the claim
which might then he considered fair and just no longer
existed. Bit efts supposing the exiSterice of a charter
—would ft constitute a right against an extension of
trade ? He attain referred to Ireland, to show that the
agrieulturisti of tegland would on the same grottndi have
had a right toprevent the passing of the Hill of 18416,
and guard against the competition of Irish produce in the
English market. He did now complain that such an Act
passed. On the contrary, he fully participated in the feelings
of the agriculturists of England, who much to their honour.
did not oppose that Rill. Therefore, supposing even that
the charm, did etist, there was a case exactly in point
sashimi the continuance of its privileges.. It was said, that
the time was adverse to the coasideration of this quastina,
as the West India Owners were now involved in great diffi-
culties. This he admitted, but his objeet was only to in-
quire into the ceases of those difficulties, certainly not wish
calew to bring East and West India Sugar into competition,
• Ile thought there was only one mode of relieving the West
India planters, and that was by a gerieral change in toe sys-
tma. As long es slavery existed to its present state, anti as
long as an overcharge continued on freight, so long would-
Slam distresses continue. lie would not have said that as
talteratjon is the system was necessary, without knowing.
that it was possible. It was impossible that tiny
country cultivated only Sy slaves •coule compete with those
countries which were cultivated by freemen.„ To allow the
increased advantages of abolishing slavery, be need only re-
fer to an ancient as welt ail modern times : to Poland, to,
Russia, and South America. There was not a political eco-
nomist or a statist who did not hold the same opinion. Mr.'
Cux, in his work on Poland. stated as a proof of the advan-
tage of having the land cultivated by freemen, that e Po-
lender named Sobieski, who had enfranchised seven districts.
foetid Mt produce of the soil treated. /dr.. Steele also a
planter in Barbadoes, derived equal advantages from a simi-
' tar course. it cmld not be otherwise, for the cause of hu-
manity sad interest were got divergent from, but converg-
ent to the-same point. He would not compromise the ques-
tion upon the understanding that Government would 'leech
half way, because it generally Was the fate of such questions
to fall into complete oblivion. Unless the Committee were
granted hie, he would feel it his duty to divide the House.
He trusted he had now stated enough to induce the ilouse to
go into en inquiry. Ile did not call for any alteration lu the
present system. He only called fora Committee to Inquire
if an alteration could he effected without detriment to any
party. Justice to India demanded this concession. Its re-
fusel would be the continuance of an act of atrocity, nut
only most unjust, mr.--t unfeeling, and unfair, but full of dan-
ger to the country. • The. Hon. Member concluded by mov-
ing for a Select Committee, to inquire into the duties payable'
on East and West India sugar.

Mr. C. It. ELMS•gald that, if ever there war a ques-,
lion unfit for inquiry, it was the present. It was not a
question of detail, requiring local information, or the
examination of nitnessess skilled in the manufacture of
sagar., It was a qtestion of high State policy, and in-
volving gnat interest:. The question was, whether they
'wtilld sacrifice their West India Colonies to encourage
some private speculati sus in trade. Among the area-
ments used io soppott of this measure, there was one
'class which he would notice, and Ise entered his protest:
against its application in 'the present instance. It
was that . class of argument which supported the
doctrine of an unrestricted and unlimited commerce. Ile
slid not generally deprecate the argument, but he pro-
.tested against its present application. What the Hon.
Gentleman called tor was not a free trade, because it
would ultimately secure the monopoly to India. it
would be a uteri transfer of monopoly from one country
to another. With' resod tir another argument of time
Honourable. Gentleman—the, appeal relating to the
pentincrense Of the covionsption of ode mannfactorere
India4e.trotitil cOrifesi that- be did not deny its imp
.portabee t bur tM.re was a preliminary question to
.6
first elpridesl blurs this conld be considered—mdti•lyi
egbeshee ore obit-old now destroy those rolonitAt which
ire Askeststslistsed 4w. the ,prasnction .ofq Asstgar. The
AVest•isdims only claimed the right, which • was given
him, if trait fir chatter, at least ht. compact.—He woad
!evim. rest the wind- clef us of the West Indies in this tie.'
ustitisiatiewi of'gveater restrit.ttiona heinghtipbsed on theta
than'oti the Past: Heoosild noileitsitelo:sitow, that neither'
iiitiOtiginei with the Feet laiivs nor the trade df lite Pest;
%main tmi sli glitest ileg i el iafringhd by thi life•filtrs. By
'thine tlieVe was witting' lint' to the ftntish" id tiffs( re;eta ref
in point of protection, awl nothing given to the Wit Itidlk

plaster. The protection of the fisheries still remained an-
toothed. The protection still continued to the shipping
trade, and why not to the West India planter? Ile would
ask how mach of the price of the sugar was not already
taken of by the monopoly, which the British manufacturers
enjoyed in the c•slonies t '4le Was aware how anxicus every
body concerned la the East India trade would be for extend-
, ling she trade to that country ; hut it eras not to..such G
tlemen that he addressed hi naele. lie addressed himself to
those who had no prejndice or interest on the subject, and
perilaselarty to the Government whose duty it was to comp,'
and Impartially provi.le for the interests of all. There was
another important consideration, so far as regarded the
alaviut In tha West Indies. A capital of no less then Ifier
million, had been vested in the celtivationof those roloniet,
and, under the sanction of Acts of Parliament, they were to
he cultivated hymearoes imported from this cmst of Af,ica.
That trade had been done away ; and laws wereufterwards
passed to prevent the transfer of never* from one ishtud to
another ; and .aftet Abyss sacrifices on the. part of the plant-
ers., etas theyerdemeot to torn roeud on there, and say that,
they were to be deprived the advantages residthi.- fmta
their industry. add 01.evpearlithre ortheir vast e_apita!, la
'thee there the linen ttnptltl!•fitin of •AttOt.So6•oon People ;
Sod were these to be left destitute of support, by the drier-
title of their plantations ? It such a thing were done, 350.U'sr
adgyoes would be immediately Orono Out of employinem,
Lit the House only reflecton the consequence of this de-
struction of property : and, would the Oosernmentleate the
planters to throw themselves under the protection of same
other Power 2 Would 18,abundon the interests of Colonies.
trout which the nation had derived so rainy-important adran •
tagis ? lie felt It neteslery to say that much, in eider to
justify the vote he should gins that right.
lir, K. DOUULAS' said, that be shor:l4 be vary well
contented to rest the tinestioo !spin the able reply of his
t 3 xi. ',Fiend. He thought the /toast. should pins before
they broke down suck vastintereste, and examine hat
they really were. By returns arm the table of the
Howse, it appeared, tbef the amount' paid for manufar-
.terea anintatilyeAported- fro ta. this country to the West
India Colonies, wee three millions and a half; that they
*rot warded by 1.,595 ship, of 413€0;0'JO toes of tonnage,
weittmaned by-24700 meat. The Iln n. ensbor colteed.
ed,'-tinst-if the restrictions were removed, gest foils wei
' itolis'colOnvy whose eapstity.for trade with this conntry
swat mesh!' to thot Of the %Vest India. Colonies.. In the
,hratichrs of the testae trade,- America hail distressed
India in our market, anti this. was another proof of be
want ot cipaeltrto trade. He was perfectly permit:l d.
by every rife, he conk! takesof the question. that it would
be moss mei, most unjust; and most °mist., to break
dawn the interests which be 1144 eitablished trifit
much &fidelity 'and advantage, and hr should thereto.*
give his thou hearty negative to the tout i on.
hit; ItUBERTSttN contended t•tat the state efseviety
in ladiamai•lnittlical lo the Moor necessary for the ca'-
tivation of suttee:. He deactalsed-the lower classes of the-
Indians, as being at' to consider -lite a hordes.
I t appeared • from the Lowths Kept:set upon the Sztk Tole,
that is India they hid' thr.te crops in a year, while ti .e
Italian...had only one: yet se inactive wsre these ari.
mats, that they could not compete with Italy in her sidia.
At. the time of the• French Itevoltitien the enitivation if
• sugar in 81.•Dotoingo was ahandaned, and the price
.ton-
vtpteatly rote to an eaormuus SrOiltlClt 'flirts 111114 A
. the East India Directors to enenurogo the cultivation ei
sugar, eat! an affid-ut company Wean forine,l. at Menge,
who were to supply this Company with sugmr. lint the
feet was, that they were not able to supply ammeters.
Aid China and Batavia imported sogrars into Madras an 1
Ilbrokay. -The Hots. Member uppcs-d the motion at
same 'teal -
. _

I

Mr. RiCARDO mild that if env Gentlemen were
alarmed at the ptopoiition of his If nonreble Priem!.
they must have been greatir eneisoled by fht speech
of the lion. Member who had jest opposed it ; for he
proved that no injury could be done to the West Indies,
be *blowing. the competition of tile East. The Honoei-
afde iltember for Sandwich had stipporsed political eci -
Dome, and he should contend on that speech that there
was no danger Irons admitting East India sugar iutn
the market. The speech he &Soiled to was made in
1309. This argumenton that occasion was, that there
was nodinger in admitting Feast In-lia sugars, whilst
the price was below the price in the Continental market.
The lion. Member then read an extract from the speech
of the lion. Member for Sand%vieh, from which he it
(erred that East India segar was to he admitted into the
market. Unless the abject of the lieu. Gentleman was
to limit tic quantity of East India sugars, and thereby
insure a rensueeratitig price for West Indio sugar, he
knew not what the lion. Member meant. It was said
they had made a compact with the Planters of the tl'e,t
Indies. lie knew not what that compatt was. Ile
could not conceive that any country was hound to ens, r
into a compact against public advantage. If any such
compact had been male, it ought to be rescinded. The
H.on. Member for notaries thought the country would
lose all the ditties to be derived front the West India sugar
trade. lie did not wish to sari-live the interest of West
India Colonies. If they could prove any breath of
faith, he should not support the adverse interest, but be
would not consider that to be .the case. How could sugar
be Imported from the East Indies without wiring the pro-
duce of out industry The same support world be given to
our industry if sugar paying duties was itepnrted from the
East or West Indies; the revenue could not he reduced. as
Gentlemen contended. Cpou what ground could the grow-
ers of sugar in the West Indies claim a separate right-to
bring their sugar into the market / If they allowed corn
from Ireland to compete with the produce of ag iculturists
in England, why should not our Colonists in the East lodes
compete with the Planters. of the West Indiee ? Then It was
said, what was to become of itld,o9o slaves in the West In-
dies? lie was satisfied the services of these slaves would
not be lost. If the Planters could not employ them one way
they would another. lie thought the admission of East In-
dia sugar would be en advantage rather than a misfortune to
the Black population. lie again cited the pamphlet of tie
lion. Member for Sandwich, and contended that there was
no ground to withstand the introduction of East India su-
gar. Toe Hon.. Member for Sandwich proved very clearly
that an open market fey sugar would lie to the advantage of
the Reveowe. 101902, the Island of Cuba grew coffee old).
which proved that Planters could grew other articles tier]
sugar. The Hon. Member concluded by professing hlmse
an advocate for free trade.
Mr. MARWYATT dedenleil the West India interest.
Those who argued strenuoaaly in support of free trote
did net hold the same argument in fßadenhall-street.
The fact was, they cause to argue for free trade with the
profits of monopoly in their pockets. He had been
accused with not being a political economist. lie tri!S
a detetntined advocate for the maintenance of trade and
our Naval power. Trade was a nursery for seamen, and
the exceptions he drew from political economy in (scour
of Colonial trade were just. He was ready to contend
that the grower. of But India sagas. ought to carry
sagas to all parts of Eoinpe with advu.ltage, bat to
force their produce into the Engtiih market would he
attended with great injury to the West lin!ia Planter. If
they male it impossible for the West India Planter
give their negrues freedom, they would defeat the object
of improvement iti the condition of the slaves. Compe-
tition with the British Planter in the sexar Market
would force so mach sugar into cultivation in the West
Indies,
.that the slave' would be over-worked, and have
no Opposetuoity toiipire.for s)itate of .freedom. They
lad beef% told 01.1.4 aiclVattieteg,tll British ship-owneta
would derive free. OP 041Mismeavor Widen, sagartrad,.
'The Fait India reireet resokstiods;
Wavier, made arratigements with respect to die !blil
to be.grotiloYet in the East I odia trade, which most de-
' feat thd -*spec tauten in !tavola of ship-owners. lie or
posed the. Oinpusitina the i milky, considering that cow
gditd tineleite. •
Me. RICARDO, in eaphittntieein, said, he hi I never
• derived the leaetlientilt froth Monopoly.
Mfr. WICIAAPOBCE ouiSponett the dation, lid
-con' ended that We' tientfre fro7jd bre

'.
lii

da
CO
Lai

u
jui

•
—Act_
t 4( V- Of' 1414011.1.- NTiff944lltmr!"
Al!w. be coild do, trim to birealli,h4t h h/s tritie'teek orot.'•iiiit.ir Writhe.
ho wit •0t../..tharsiofiront: .4‘ slide *it hilipprilltlon of I
Mr. CA LCRAFT said, that he wodelmove to4iodrroi ndgrtee. Rut what was
at fiviiateleoli,tiiiiisiiiik-hheirter Mak Milani that Artbet disestrose period,
•n,l fifh thY havnnat dpn
