CATHOLIC MARRIAGES.

Dr. PM LLIMOKE brought in a Bill to render valid
the Marriages of Roman Catholics in England, by regis•
tering them, and without the necessity of being sulem-
nisedbyProtestant clergymen.—Read a first time, and or-
dered to lie over to next.. Session.

MARRIAGES ABROAD.
The St. Petersburg Marriages Bill. was read a second
time, and ordered to be committed to-morrow (this day.)
Tire Irish Law Expenses Bill passed through it Com-
mittee, and was ordered p) be committed to-worroa, (this
day.)
Mr. P. BUXTON presented petitions from North Wel-
singlism, in the county of Norfolk, and from Hist Deer-
ing, against the Slave Irmle.—Laid on the table.
The Irish Excliegurr Court Stamps Bill was read a
third time and passed.
The Report on the Cork General Sessions Bill was
brought up, the amendinents agreed to, and the Bill or-
dered.to he read a thiid to•morrow (this day.)
The Scottish Law Commission was read a se•
cond time, and ordered to be committed to-morrow (tide
day.)
NEW SOUTH WALES.

Sir JANIES presented a petition
from the emancipated convicts of the colony of New
S iuth Wa!es. They complained that, after having been
made free colonists, either by having satisfied the sentence
411 the law, or by having olot.ined tree pardons Vo:a the
liorernors. they were s.i!l kovt 'in slavery by the deci
si ini of the Coons of lot,v. They set forth in the peti-
tion, that they were 7556 in number. lirir chit leen
amounted t, 5:;.".9. (If mtltivat d I ,nd they poss-sled
29,000 acres, braid-i 212,011 acres of uncultivated land.
Th:v orculied 1201) towmllooses, and doable that no-tuber
of e-un.rparonses. They bad 210 colonial 'ships in eour
stant eutVbytnetr. 'fury had 174,1)00 sheep,4ls boreel,
and of otner eittie they had 4'3.040. 'Tog bad netted
in trade is eapl!al of 150.0011. The whole of heir
property, ,at the lowest tAilitation, exceeded one sni!.
lion sterling. 'They were for years inauuMitted.
and ucra in the full enjoyment of the rights of flee
siiicets. by remission of punishment. under the bends
and seals of different 1 rvernors, 'and by other ueofe,
wail, by the decisions of the Courts of Law do Kest
South Wales, they were still declared to be in slavery.
was no fault of theirs, but arose fro.o the neg-

.ap-- • • • -

.7; v••••••••,.•

PRICE SEVEN PENCE.

licence of one of the public departments of the State.
the pinions not having been issued according to the
proviaions of the Art of Parliament. They approached
the Hone. in a tone of re<p.ct and of tutaiiitv, and
prayed that iltels case Might be taken into tonsidei'aiion.
and such relief 41r.rded thaw as the House in its wisdom
deemed them worthy of. The Hon. and Learned Mewl), r
said, that until the proceedings of the last nigh', he en I
tertained the opinion that this would be an irresistible
app al to the ferlingi and to the sympathy of the House
of Commons of Enzland. Notwithstanding what i.assirla
he confessed that he still had hopes that the House would
not suffer to is withdrawn from the New Sold' Wales
Jurisdiction Bill those clauses that werej; erted therein
by his Majesty's Ministers, confirming flie freedom o f
the petitioners. Those clauses were kept in that 111:1 for
four months since it was first drawn up, and that had the
effect of enconrsging the friends.of the petitioners to sup-
pose they would be made a part of the Hill. The present
petition, with another to the House of Lords, and a third
lothe King; were sent over to this country several months
back,-but it did not appear necessary to present them, as
the ohiect In view waste he effected he the Hill Me trusted
the Hoare, therefore, monk/ =Rat this period allow tt.ose
just anal salutary clauses to bo struck out of the 8.11, or
to be delayed over to nett Session.
The petition sea. read, and ordered to be printed.
• BLASPHEMOUS LIBELS.
Dr: LUSHINGION presented a petition from a bodir
of individuals against prosecutions fur religious opi•
nions.•

M. HUME took that opportunity of correcting an opi-
nion that was gone abroad, respecting what he said on
former night, of the effect of the prosecution: against
Mr. Hone. He was supposed to have said that the
rife, t of the prosecution was an increased demand Mr
die work, and that 20,000 copies were reprinted *Per
notice of the prosecution. The fact was, that 20 ON
copies were reprinted, but not by Mr. Hone„for he did nos:
sell one copy of the work for six weeks before the
tr'.
The petition was then laid oh the table.
MILBANK PENITENTIARY.,
Mr. G. BENNET brought up the Report of the C
mittee on the Milbank Penitentiary. He was understt.so4
to express his approbation of the arrangement there, and
to say that the sickness wbich prevailed there some thaw
ago was not peculiar to that establighment; for it appeared
before the Committee that there was a general mortality
in London at the same time.
The Report was ordered to he printed.
Mr. F. PALMER presented a petition frordthe
bitatits of East Heinpstead, playing fur a Rerirrn in Vie
Comma's House of Pa.liainkit.--laid on the table.

9n the inotiun of .Ur. MABERLY, Account; were
orlerod, foe the next session, of tlle Charges on the
Consolidated Fift! from January, 13•22, t.) January, 1823.
Mr. 4:SMITH presented a petit:on from John Lowe, •
merchant of London. praying that the House would nae
its esideavcisirs to pros ate the recognition of the ind:-
pe.nilence of Colorable by the 'Government of Hreat
Britain. The petition stated, ,stnonvt other things,
that the ColouiLian Government had ahulisLed the Slave
Trade. •

Mr. fIOISMaTSON dwelt on the vast advantae•es, in a
commercial‘point of view, :hat would accrue to this coun.
try froin eilltivating amicable relations with the Stat.es of
the Western Continent.

Mr. BUXTON said that the Colombian Government
was entitled to the admirstion of this country, not on!y
fur abolishing the Slave Trade. but also for taking steps
to abolish slavery within tbeirjurisdietion.
The petition was laid on tha table, and ordered to be
printed.,
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUME said he would take that opportunity of call-
ing the attention of the House to a de% iatiun from its prac-
tice, in so important branch of its proceedings. It had aces
the usage for at least the last four years, for the Chancellor
of the Exchequer to give notice of the bringing in of the
Rill for appropriating the Supplies, and so to designate it as
that the house cauld not mistake its precise import. Tilis
year, however, no Bidunder the usual came' of Appro-
priation Bill, appeared to have passed, and it was though!,
therefore, by many, that a measure of that nature was yr:. •
to be, introduced. On iiiquiry, however, it appeared that
the appropriation wat. effected under another form, namely,
by the introduction of a clause luta a Bill, the title of whte:t
had no referetice whateier to a orecce.'lag of that nitere.:
This Rill, of course, passed without any examination what-
ever. Ile complained of this as a course contra.y to usaif's
and much to be reprehended, inasmuch as no notice was con-
veyed to the House of such a measure being in prasresa.
and therehy Members were deprived of Cie opportunity of
revising those grants which had been voted lu the course of
the Session. The Hoaourable Slember concluded by loot.-
log a Resolution expressing, in substance,, the agave state- •
went.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIEQUER said that
-there was no such Bill introduced at any time as a Bill of
Appropriation. The Honourable Gentleman would 6ad
that it was usual to add clauses of appropriation to Bills,
with titles totally foreign to the nature of such a measure.
There was nothin:, he conceived, irreguhir is the practice.
Mr..AIABERLY thought that a fiji of Appropriation
should be expressly introduced and printed, for the imposts
of enabling Members to compare the details of the Bill with
the amount of the supplies.
Mr. AFIERCROM It Y supported the Res Aution.
Mr. HUSKISSON entered into tin explanation of thy
practice oY the !louse wills resitce: to clauses of appro-
priation.
A conversatlan then ensued, In which Mr. MABERLY,
Mr.-ABERCROXIBY, Mr. CALOR %FT, and Mr. efilak-
VEY opposed the moiian, and- Mr. HUSKUSSUN, Mr.
LIUSIUNGTON, and Mr. C AN NI VG supported It.

FOREION RELATIONS.
Colonel PALMER rose to state his regret that the Ito,.
Member for Enarealx,rbugn had withdrawn his nio!ion

tire to Spain; as although ho (Col. Palmer) h itildr4wo
his own previous itJtice upon the subject, oat of defereece to
the intention of rite Nohm and Learned Memb....r, he felt
himself pledged to state his opinion upon tare question
He found himself therefore compelled to tne alternative of
declaring what it would appear ne buglit not to titre un-
dertaken, or of presuming to undertake what a Member
. .

of so much weight and authority as the Honourable and
[.earned Gentleman had tnnitKlit lit to decline. lie must

therefore act to toe best of to; jodpornt, and sh-c4;ll—a-c:

cor.ling.y brio; forward to-morrow-tae motion which the
lion. Member haddrupped.
_ .

Mr. F. PALM.= wished to ask a question of the
calor of the Exchequer relative to a olau,e in the Be. r-
Bill. Whether a Brewer se.l tweet in smaller quanti-
ties than four gallons and a 1..1f without taking out a publi-
can's license.

The (A-IAM, , of the EXCHNLTER said the
regulation apE lied solely to a certain clas4 of brewers.
who took out a particular licence. The brewers whir did
uot retail Kerr, were to TeeviVe an al!owaroTofone twelfth
in lieu of that advantage, and the ohj:ct of die chase

•mr.ts simply to prevent one person r-c;iritt,„; the joint he-
, stetit of a li.cnce to retail, and the allowance of one
twelfth.
'; On the motion for reeling the Order o
five torte Distilkry Bill, . .
Mr. W. twit that a certain
who real be much afficte I by a cert:sin
they an leiro,o4 the Coaltrel'or of the
tended to add to the Uistillrry Dill un lh

f..

Is

.•
•
,••• •
s • • ••
'l4ki No 4
r

(1• trltli •l1r;

y

Dr the Day rola- •
cla,s of persons '
n clause, which
3s!ciaequef.in...;
third realiftg,
