AUqTRIAN PROCLAMATION.

Inhabitants of Bayreuth—Your warm nEection and at-
tachownt to good order, your great seal for the indepen-
dence, the howler, and deliverance of Germany, and your ar-
dent wish to gee your fetters broken, and your former happy
condition restored, are already well kaisers. You are Ger-
mano, sot only in name, but also in your sentiments and
actions. You are in every respect worthy to be so, and to
bear that nasne which so many of your brethren lave di.-
4rrseed. T.y your priratios.s, you prove that German
fettling, Getman peneveranee, sad Gersaan courage have
not been eati leuished, that Germany can still boast of its
gallant our., and has so sea-on to fear dust the monu-
ments of its glory should remain only an empty name.
Neither bribes, 'tor the numerous lies purposely invented,
nor threats, have been able' to shake your fidelity to your
coantry, or to under you fbrgetful of your duties. Foreiga
dirtiest have not been made for you; you disdain to wear the
fett?r- of slavery, and will never submit to the yoke of France t
you will guild/lily ;nd assidumarly resist as hitherto, all her
art-fitful promises d you will skew that s•ou can preserve your
indeptodenee, and with that nodes:ten fortitele which consti-
tuted, in former times, a leading feature in the German cha-
racter.

His Mrs irFly the Emperor and my master, considering nail
as great what is comfonnable to the prirscipics of justice,
duty, morality, and truth, and convinced also that ►uch are
your sentiments, sable inhabitants of Bayreuth, takes. the
wannest interest la your fate, and esteems you in every res-
pect worthy of his utmost protective, and to furnish you
with the imam of persevering is your glorious vatic rusk ings,
to fnstnite by your Grown and courage all attempts to im-
pose upon ow the chains of slavery, and to re-establish your
former happy condition and circumstances, so worthy of you,
I cuter the territory of Bayreuth, by the blab command of
his !imperial Higbee% the Archduke Charles, with the divi-
sioo of the army under my eassumod.
My troops shall sAwesse the strictest disciplin►. The es-
Liting authorities shall continue in force, mad, ander proper re-
gilatioos, forward and protect the usual Women, of busi-
ness. For the security of persons, as well M pro Perl, tb
greatest precaution shall be tusked. To every reaomotbie am-
plaint I shall be ready to Hoes. Not as ao aim, ►at to a
Nes* and protector, I odor year territories.
lohabilials of Samoa! Fotoevere losioble aid
honourable sentissopts3 often to **jot COM of my Amok
