LONIiN:
FRIDAY EVE/NINO, FEBRUARY 8. 1822.

STOCK EXCHANGE. TEN O'CLOCK.
Consols opened this morning 77$ sellers, bat sone
after there were buyers at that price. The cause of
the French Fends rising, is owing to the Bank of
Paris taking i■ the F►ench Loan. By letters re-
ceived from Holland this morning, we understand
(that all Foreign Fonds are higher.
ELEVEN O'CLOCK.
Large sales have been made within these three or
four days by eminent Brokers, who hare sold Ite.
diced for the Consol Areonnt, which, with the orders
from the cowry to sell 5 per Cents. and purchase
Consols, have thrown a damp on the Market. Five
per Cents. are 106 i ;—Consols 771 for the Account-
-771 foe Money.

We received, this looming, Quebec papers to the
lat January, from' which we extract the following :
[room TOR PAPIFK OF TOL 28Th DEFEMOCKA

Captain Toupin, of the schooner Annabella, has
arrived from below. This schooner is totally lost ;
saw the 'pasts of a brig out of water, a little below
Isles Magielslas, on the south shore,—and another
schooner deserted, which be heard bad been hound to
Miramachi. The Indians hatl found the bodies of
three men, supposed to belong to the schooner. A
trsnk and some barrels of door, part of the cargo of
the Prompt, bad been Pond ashore near Father
Pant.

Tin British Commissioners, at Sierra Leone, at
soanco a seasi big diminution in the Slave Trade ; and
add, that it is ascribed, is a lark. degree, to tho_of
feet of the public vessels .t the United States mulatto,
is Slant quarter.
1 The Paris papers of 'Faraday bare arrived. The'
Censorship *spired as Sasday last; and so odious)
was that restraint apse the Naiads of public writers,
that both the Ultras and the Liberals exalt os its re-
moval. The latter eye, declared that the law at pre-
sent pending to Furnish offences of the press, cannot
scarcely be so galling as the late surveillance. Prince
Canute 00000 lately passed through Norember,g on
way to Rossi'. The first ship fitted oat by the
Rhenish West India Company. has sailed from
Ilansbarg to Purt•au-Prince, or St. Domingo, laden'
with a cargo of Germas manufactured goods. This
attempt to rival England is bailed in Germany as a
matter of mach commercial and political importance.
Private letters are said to have been received from
Paris of Tassday last with the price of the French
Fends. This is variously stated. According to oar
account the relates closed that day at 89f. 40r. ; another
states they had reached so high as 89f. 75c. and a
third report gives the closing price at 891. 70c.

In another column we bare inserted extracts from
the Irish papers arrived to-day. The recent sews is,
on the whole. less distressing tban what we bare of
late been accustomed to receive. There have, how-
ever, bees many instances of mange, besides those
quoted ; but as these bate been of the usual character,
for the purpose of collecting arms, we have abstained
from occupying oar columns with the details. Thou
chiefly occurred in the county of Kilkaany ; but other
outrages and threatening notices have also appeared
in the county of Dublin. In the county of Kerry a
party of the %Vhiteboys, to the moons( of two hundred
was, while breaking in* biases, dispersed by means
of a pri►ate Gentle=an, when their loader was killed,
and two of the party were made prisoners.

[PROM TIM 1(1w 44444 ND COMM HMI.]

Ltranrool., Fan. 6.—The following vessels wont out
of dock this day for the United States, together with
upwards of 100 sail, fir did foreign porta, with
the wind at South ; the wind has sines muse round to
S. S.W. sod many haw returned and collo to anebot
at the Rock, vin.:—Belvidera, for Baltimore, Li►erpool
packet, Oglethorpe, Colombia, Elise. Nilson and
Osgood, Hannah and Hiram, for Boston ; glis4 Jam,
for New York, lad Charles and Henry, for Charleston

The short ported which has passed since the open-
ing of the present Session of Parliament. staters to
stamp it with that character which we gave to it by
aatieipation. No one has everesteeded it, in the ins-1
penance of the subjects with which it ham to deal. not
is the importance of the crisis which hangs over its
preeoediegs. The Debate of last sight in the Com-
mon% lavolve% in elm% Myles which lack& all that
MOCKS, the we/fare sad happiness of the noised king-
bow. It is set Itelasel only that is emseerastl is Lord
Lostwexasaas's phut for resserieg truniptillity se that

emery. The fetv of &Owl Woe le ieteleei is tile

,-

f~M

ehrufitmr; of that policy which diet,44 the measmre.-:
If coercion is to be the only remedy for misery, Ned
consequent dissatisfaction in Ireland, it will and most
he equally so in England; for we Ilarel dissatis
faction 'floats here as well as in oar sister isle.
and we have my Lord LOXDONDEPtiIIf to govern 1'
here as completely as be governs in Ireland. '1 his,
we confess, is a melancholy prospect ; for the Hon.e
consented to his Lordship's propositions. Yet, we do
Dot despair; fur the Commons have to take into con-
sideration, by and bye, their own dish hses, and parr•
haps they may not then think that new coercion. are
the remedy most fit for their unhappy ease. Thb
alone it is on which we rely for the country's re-
demption from the rain which threatens it. If the
gentry of England, when their own sores Lome to be
probed, can endure the rough hand of Lord LONDON-
Damn-, and not rise as cue man to resist his unre-
lenting quackery, England will be gradually reduced
se the prestos state of Ireland, and thence to a state
of as great slavery as ever cursed any ancient or any
modern people. Lord LONDONDERRY, as if aware that
mate's minds might perceive the full extent of the
et ermity of his policy, soot►ingly said (speaking of
the Habeas Corpus Art) " he was least disposed
to adopt that which would deny to any of Ms
Majesty's , subjects the advantages of that Act."
We plainly say, we do not believe his Leo&
ship. This is harsh langeage, best it grows ea
of his Lordship's long course of conduct. Is
his tenderness fur Ireland become, on a sodden, so
evident, that a single protestation of his shall make
us believe in it ? Ireland owes the
visit that unhappy country, to his Lordship's ignor.
ante, or to some qnslity of his mind worse than
ignorance. England has also owed to hint the share
s►e has bad (at times) of like ezeesses--and we
shall see still more of the same, is both countries,
if he continnes to govern both, as he does at pre-
sent. His Lordship said, in Isis memorable speech
of lass night—" 'I hese excesses were dictated by
an invisible, unknown power." We cannot accede
to the assertion. The power which has caused these
egresses, is known to the whole world, and is not so
far from his Lordship's own knowledge as he wouli
insinuate. His Lordship's policy is no secret in Eu-
rope; and, i■ Entlan I, we are not blind, however
patient we may he. Lord LONDONDMIXT, however
emitioas, mould not help, in this very debate, betraying
Ale hidings which dictate the policy of his Borers-
beat. both of England and Ireland. Speaking
the outrages of tits latter country, be says—
'e They were not characterised by those re►ile
priociples which pervaded all other part
of the world !" Here we see betrayed the obi&
'epee of Lord Lottoormenny's mind, and also. thc
erkple mipd of the HOLY ALLIANCI. All Europe
(says his Lordship and the Alliance) is Infected with
a desire for Reform. We must dragoon all the loathes
of Europe out of this spirit; and that we may nor
want an excuse for our &griming, we mast inveith
them by our spies, or drive them by our oppression.
into acts of desperation, sad open outrage. Them
was a laugh in the House when ►is Lordship utterer'
the above words. Well might the absurdity of them
provoke laughter, if it were not for the solemn consi-
derations which dow from the view we bare of them.
Bat they are melancholy wordy, as betraying too
plainly the train of ideas which ran through his Lord.
sbip's mind, when applying his system of coercimm
to one " part of the world," infected with the disease
of which he complained. The partly a:owed,
and partly secret association among despots, to put
down liberty throughout Europe (or as his Lordship
calls it " all the world") was the issoceat caw.
of the slip his Lordship bore made; and so fa•,
at least. we are indebted to the Holy All ance.-ms
Lord LowooNnsaav's sympathy with that holy thing,
betrayed his mind into a moment's forgetfulness.
which we may bail as fortunate to the cause of free.
dom ; for the jealousy already awakened in the country
will, it is to be hoped, grow into mere and greater
jealousy. Lord LONDONDCRIT said—" He hoped he
would not be called ea to explain why the Lord Lica-
tenant thought the suspensioa of the Habeas Corpus
Act necessary. It was usual to repose that eoslidenee
in Ministers on all oceasioas, that they may not be
Billed upon to declare all the information that they
may have acquired."—Here, again, we have secrets of
the system pursued by his Lordship obtruded upon us.
....rho Habeas Corpus Act is suspended ; and,
Maw Ministers may torture whom they please
and they will be fools to themselves. if they
do sot chase, for their victims, the men most
capable of serving the cause of liberty, and most
likely to defeat the unhallowed cause of its enemies.
The whole character of this measure, proposed by Lord
LosooN aaaaa , deserves the severest censure. No
fmnadation was laid for it. The Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland did not Juana it. Parliament are to grant it.
en the mere responsibility of Ministers—that is, is
tether words, of Lord Lo . racy. Mr. C. ORAXT
said, while he reprobated the principle of the measure,
soolded is the Marquess Wer.t.gther fir a due exem
Mee si the powers proposed to be confides! to Lim. We
Asset combat to say each coafidence. His meal-
time of the Oevernesest of Ireland, rider such men, is
same enough to make as hesitate. His succumbing
eases* persoas as be has left behind him, is cause
Sit Mime fears respeetiag him. We have sow rea-
•le seek for ceases of oar hopes. If we look only
die diameter of the *vests passing is Ireland. as.
the ammeters sew periwig is the Hasse of
