1 , s

►`

; •

TILE IMF

-

4E4'7 it

r"~i~~

'it

•

`1k.,7;- •

$' ms.

saw

AMERICAN PAPERS. •

. dm.iginght beeteettYpectilited*, 111
thille
P. 4114
age
ill
alb'
a iiiii*
" tic"'
than all the'' tartish& aoditettlflllge. .sestela iirs44:4oo/11 tiAitittA Itov-till ,i . • -
.
—....... to obtain glory etliereoitt States. aid lying, Ottained in one whbfli,,eriethitlidaleMos *' . . - ' -. -1-.
WASHINUTON, Ocr. 21. men have foolish! Imo ... ~, ' - 41
Head-gastric!". Town or Mobile. Sept. 17. 9glued laurels were to be got of both the Pei and COurier ; naltiii 1114110 Moe .. • VitillAisj_. rat DEWAlltiliki: •''
. - v.
•
tnepeeter-Geneses Office. 7th Military District. merely for the gathering. Caligula-likes .
in our rity 4nd abetitietthe nmes disguise-6i feet:. Lof 100 - ' •.`
0:10i4- dred i frori it' •
triumphs on the Americas shores,
• GENERAL ORDERS. we fear no other not then that our eyes to the dattgeill !Etat this Most. illepietc • '. '
(Itse Companions in arms have triumphed over
ite
wimpy. At four o'clock, P. M. on the lath *Wig will tell of Oar victories than such as the vaunt' duadlised war' is about to draw aP°li 44' 4"d"
..elittilenetilwlnklillige GegegeM•efillhii:634hre„miYtheeeie7e.,l;itreii:tied‘4,pliirilifgeni‘ddediiniiiiifeeisLii:set4l6l)laere(4,:::6ll:6ll4l
Instant, Fort Bowyer was attacked by a su. ing Roman gathered on our own hardy coasts.-. Colonies, Imitesid of takinrpostession Of il44tennbe
perior British naval and land force, and the ene- Our Statesmen have, indeed, prepared an ample scot territory, which Ministers so viteetlngly Imide;latkuilti:{ll4.
ply was repulsed at all points. The naval force field for contest, .kut miserable • are the provi- the PRINCIi sliliSGSN'r state to Parliament he bad Cftivi I et-- 61114 -54"*! '''.
consisted of two ships from '24 to '2B guns, mounting sinus made for tke enterprise. Never was 66 vault-
se.potied carronades, with three tenders, all under
~
quel'eds hat* which, at ,that very . olsolletr Awn i lUtratenaat-liesteral eir G. Pregirst• ," dia° tradll ketteitittiM •
tn. command of Confmodores Sir W. 11. Percy. The : lug Ambition, that o'erleaps itself," more visibly welt knew ye had neither, a single 'British nap i alai.lnitts.itinuot;hiLAstawie if
i'll.ieeria Writ, sep4.4 t. siil4. • -
; displayed or completely defeated, than in this at- dier, nor even a partizan, instead of lookingfor con-1 ----amee-►te;...e'7,,„aa,,u''''oe—s'idaindwatimiiisil eird,it',,6,i,.,-66.1:1,'inil
.130 d-forces of the enemy consisted of 100 marines,
under the command of Capt. Woodbine, of the Bri- tempt of our. Ministers to overreach.ehe Americans. quest, we tenet exert our whole ntemis kbeitalleswa : 'Julio* with ore dimity, Van tisf elt to. the iltlilf Setif. giSl4;
tick army, and a It-pounder and howitzer, under Even the Times now admitathat the British Gotern• what we have. .7%4. . •inelusive. . • ,
the direction of a British Captain of the royal ar-•
ment has brought forward demands which it had not In the mean time, the negocistiOn7s at Gibe. - n't aril,' ll*Tren'illornesikliteli*ilatat:°.; Ladioa: 's4useeetiPgaensuliZitilail. •ielijoutillii el;.:138'. i .
finery- OUT effective force opposed to the enemy enforce-that we have been talking big we are told, going on; hot whether with Ochance of , tank and GIN f insonl/4, weitiodett.•
I the power to
was about 120 men, of whom not more than 90 .
were engaged. . in the conferences at Ghent, and looking very little t ultimate success, no one can even guess at. If Mini= • 4 Liftiltwootto, lroitilowtt• 1 drtnanktir, 46 mall.eid Ale, 6 •
. homes, misstep -.
The leading ship, called the Ilerutes, CommodOre in the conflicts which we have urged with such rash. !stets mean to continue the war, as their hireling 'Crib- :.. • •
.wearmeoi iiiitceits Kiang: ,__
Site W. H. Perry, having approached within the reach noes to enforce our pretensions in America. It is tiler! 'assert', "to chastise the insolent Amerieunras. 34 Poo,filidAda (firm! Liainennat-Colisielylames Willisi.
ton. Er.iogqiebll lainpomn .
of nor guns, our battery opened upon her, the guns certainly siagelar enough that the Ant distinct ; Cab' and that :mandrel MADISON, mad those villains 76th Ftiosettile Jibs Peltdinsi. - . • ' '..
of which were fired in succession as they could be notice of what hail been going on ei : Ghent, of PusTER and 40DaER9 "or as .the official commit.' . -e .. VD199(01691;
broutht to bear ; and at 20 minutes after four P.M. , : 1•
tiesswaiSialf-Capbile T. Grasee; Aitt.dotemp td iiikler-Geri
what we have been so long fighting' (or, and for
,: nications of the Commissioners slate, foie codfish end,
__De itoneoberst, sliority,_
the -engagement. became general.-About this time
which we are called upon to make so many
the enemy on "here, with Col. Nicoll' at the head of sa- Indian boanddries ; if it is for this Meritorious' ob. . B!ue„,e„,„,thunal,f-us Ze_deare..reverelY (since dead);
emv; ueuteitarato: .leneetianl
the Atrium, Copt. Woodbine at the head of their crifiees, should be conveyed to us from the other ' joq, ihat.thelvar iiits. be continued, then _indeed . Jabs 114 me• *iii,ol7% ~..." • . -,.. .
.e '., NOV . -COW 6.' s4'..estf,drp frierely iE. oleo ant, C •
.1);,,s the in4liFoS, ind the Captain of the British side of the Atlantic; and well may an impene- well may the .Cnituareekola. of the Vdaftititt/ZE.llfm •11 . , slightly , yettennit. st:o,ssiloscut,,,z_e Leuii,
Bard Artillery, with his battery, mere put to flight, trabk veil be endeavoured to be drawo over the nonnee litis.%-detertaliii***44--Sene* that odious la*.
_____ ... ' . * imiiike: •
,1, 7 - . •
itt, 11Fee.discliargate
.of grape and caeister from a real causes of this unhappy struggle, for isitir was a ' quisitiort4-'the PropertX.Plitiveke Omit be.d itifebril34Sit-e•Litinenains Q.-Hoicki O. (itilvie, aid E. tilarct.
Ontfoortder: At live P. M. the comutodore's ship
deadly
contest between two great nations prolonged
, sighted politician indeed,`'mfie wetild aught' epeettilt=t,o
swung head on to oar battery, when we were en.iresteers-LietudooPM. if iguind
for such objects. A boundary for the !milting may
feistier rake her so effectually as to silence her i success to sucks war; continued for such an object ! 1. lith'ilt"""4 40414C1: It. A.
While we are on Ibis subject, we cannot forbear Rome, orailtpisedhejea, rfens Lit.o.c.ii,qp.' pal ' ""- 1,.,-,*,-..",„1"--,
sons.. Having cut her table by our shot, she drifted be a very just provision,:batto make this a sine que.i
out and grounded steru on, within 700 yards, which nos of peace, .ahea treating with a Christian people,
ythiri- liordslois. •
'to draw the attention of our Readers to the . dm- I Bart,. to .E.fi ,issifilarbt, dated tridiutiritipa Ono Sep.
catty which is found in getting any one of the Wgi- teink-isets3°. t'h.eB.?“;loor te tra'ittrent‘-i-. la 7 '4.. :.• 4. ' ':'
' ' '
apain. afforded us an opportunity of raking het' and appears the height of absurdity. So, when the
LiNG,TO Generals,they , copy of:tdiotiatch -1, hive temeeed hole
we continuedeSpiem so while there was light enough highest interests of
Europe are to be decided by "1 as are called, to under- i
to see that hit ittiours were flying; just about sun.
negociation, when the sword is thrown away the the enci.neti
take the responsibility of the command in Americo*. Lieetenant-General Drummond,. reviling file iesuie.--- ~ •
set the isitini.eeleele cut their ecables and stood off
with a light.hreese, under • tfdndous fire from our momenta disposition to peace is evineed, and Rings We have already stated, and we repeat it, that it has. of. a sortie made.
superior tiwobert of. the Auseririis
Lt the nervy,t wit!. .0 .11.,:ge proper.
gvreetaft I
or
r% - ,i,
itebictilinii.d,
lion of his force from fort Erie, en the tliii lostailti
battery. • consent to take their doom from an impartial been offered to, and refused' by, Lords HILL. BE'
At a quarter past seven we discovered the Coal- consideration of the rights of men, and the RDIPORD, and NIDORY, Sir TIMMAS Picini. and
mosiore's shi;, to be on' fire, and at' ten P.M. her lanr
mw
intrepidiwche vrteahl Out racy superior
' d ree Pt
e runl is iende dv g i bts ral
advantages of tranquillity, Great Britain •• and.'the Sir EDWARD PAGET. These distinguished Mears
ula.taaine blew up. . United States are to continue at war about mast, no doubt, have very sufficient reasons for re- sion of troops under the Lieutenant-General's com 4
.We cannot ascertain the precise loss of the enemy,
but frem deserters, who came in the morning after Indian boundaries and fish-ponds, and .places for fusing a command of such importance, and froinwhich, mild. A copy of Major-Gletieral de Wateville's
the battle, we learn that the Commattler and only drying fish !. and whilst all the greet.:objects for if turcessful, they could not fail to derive the highest report,. and.. the
...ref. uni of killed, woundedt and
m. issi.ng on the occasion, are annexed; and
considerableescapedaffair less It
Pirigisaily %M.. That 85 were killed cad wounded are sunk in comparison, or talked completely away weighs these considerations then must exist in their ;.
f will be satisf t to - Lcrdsh• '
ar ory year ip to 'hare that
6 boa wl .113i.Charon. The loss on board the brigs a point respecting the territory of savages nesse& a minds is obvious-and it does not require a very great . Lieutenant-General ;Drummond represents. the . eau:
is unknowh,l.but most have been very great from the
sine qua non of peace ! - This Is the veriest mockery degree of sagacity to suppose, that they consider the . duct and spirit displayed by the.officers and SUM en.
tircutostamOia, of one of them being infinitely more
of negotiation. Allowing that a boundary is pith. chances of failure much greater than those of I . on,. , .
expo I
lid than the Charon. Our loss was four kined
and five Wounded. During the hottest part of the blished for" tie' Americans, with
_regard to the fn.., One thing is certain, that Sir Groane PRESOST mast'
1 Estract of a Letter from i.leut..lonsral brim set' r.
actioa our slag-stag• being shot away, the flag was dians, .will theindians themselves respect this boun. returi, and who is to replace him ? The Tinter is. 4 4e4.eral Sir G. Pi crust, BarL Cted Camp before Fertile,
iminediatety rejoined under a heavy fire of grape and i dary ? and 'would it not be as necessary to get them '-indirectly alluding to the god of its idolatry, the' s'ot• 19' 1811 .
canister, end'huieed on a spo,nge staff and
_planted ' • ..My letter to your Eecellency of the 17th gave ii
bound over to keep the peace as to impose ' great WELLINGTON ; but what ! -will such a General , •
it upon a
an theparipet. - civilized community ? • But these very Atatesmen, as this be sent to combat against such troops as those • short account of the result of an attack made b • the
enemy on my batteries and position on that dayy. I •
who are keeping tie this war for the sake of an ar- I which the Ministerial Journals all agree id describing i hate now the honour to transmit a copy of Major-
I rangement about Indian safety, conceded, without :tobe an unarusedancluntlis-iplined nrob !-mt,st he be ' General De Watteville's report, together with a ye-
t hesitation, the question of the Sillte Trade, and gave sent out to wxge this ",pigmy vcapfare!"-We do turn of killed, wounded, and missing on that oven-
permission to -the most lawless of men to carry, if • task. not believe that he would undertake the On. I lion.
To the information which •
your Excellency will der
they could, all the population of Africa into slavery. ! the contrary, we trust, that Ministers, from the dif- , rive, irom•those documents, [have to • ode, that as
. With respect to the dofeet at Plattsburgh, and the i fieulties they experience ; from the defeats they h
-a".! soon as the firing was heard I proceeded tabards the •
tArithholdieg. fronLthe public toe details of Sir . . •ned; sad, above all, from the dangers whidc4agralvaance, eed,found the Irene had moved from camp,
Pnevosr, en the alleged irieend That the natal - :.airii6i,Atialmt,ll44..thew ammo" wallet once •the Royals and 88th had been pueheffiririlfejer.,
' counts havi, not been reel
the fact appears to Icide upon instructing our negociators to accede to G0...-ie-lfileotillle.into the Wein!
wards NO. 3 batter and that thePtltt2Pt4l644; -
' be, filet Ministers are perfectly aware of the im- i such terms as, -no doubt, the Americans. will gladly
Ito the support of thel'
batteries on the wai
nmv
left. At this
pression on the patine mind, as to their flagrant im- 1 accept, honourable to both parties,
neither giving, i
. that imoment it was reported to me that the enemy. had '
nor extorting, and restore to the two countries
berility, and of the extreme perilous state of affairs i , ~..
peace nno tranquillity so necessary to their mutual .
in Catoalz, whif.% the publication of Sir G. Parrost's our troops were falling hack ;
.a report wild,' the
happinessd e •t
an prosp ri y.
reasons for his certainly most disgraceful and cola- -ea. • I approach of the fire confirreed (your Excellency will
. 'Fein recollection that the whole lineof operations
. The
mitous retreat, would infallibly produce. In the mean We have Paris Papers to the 18th instant.
lay in a thick rood); timmediatl direct.. 4 Li :
intelligence from. Vienna is to the 6th, but it an- e_teitg.i.,
time extracts of letters from Canada, manufactured in Cot...Carnet/ell loaletach one wine' 'Y
h '
gof t e 6th r •
nounces nothing important.
the offices of the Courier and Post, with many equally ment to supperttiritrid in an attaelCithicls I ifirderea' '
..---............eee.
well-funneled speculations, are every day. obtruded •to be made fo- the recovery of battery No 2' I dl. ,
It is. enderstood to be determined. on, that a Con- i , _. De , ~ • . • •
upon public
,notice, with the view of shifting the sot shall be forthwith sent to Paris, with a salary I
I rected alaj,r-bien. Watteville te superintend this
1 movement; Major-Gen. Stavin teak the direction of •
blame of our failures in America from the shoulders equal to that of a Consul-General. 1 the troops and guns colt in reserve. I threw forward
of Ministers to these of Sir G. PitEeosT. In these A. native of Ilanover, who has just arrived from
;the Glengarry light infantry into the wood in frost...
injurious, but palpable fabrications, bow indirectly the Continent states, that a number of regiments are i
of the centre, to check the advance of threneiny and
• forming under the direction of the Duke of CAM-, .
Ministers are praised by the side-wind etatement (in
___. '
thesesupport the troops retiring -ft,rini that point; both
--ome--- nittoue, the Officers.of which are to be composed ea
We gave on Saturday the subinauen of the does- which all the hireling prints so abound, * that their
elusively of Hanoverian Nobility. movements • were executed to. ley 'littire *ails-
1. ..
. . fiction, and being combined with it jedicioes Smirk.
merits relatine to the negoeiatissos es Ghent, sad thy' relationship must be detected by' the most common- .Ihe names of the Marquis of Woaczszint, Lord
__, . made by Lient..Col. Gordon - : • ' part' ..
, *Oh of the 'lst
1., I el.
other A merit:ass details, with which tly, Morning . Om , pr.Co istserver) of the immense supplies sent out Ossuerroe, and Mr. Wm. SMITH,smitten in „
brigade, consisting of the Ist battalion of thelloyal"
pers of to-day are filled. We merlin return to the i from hence, which Sir Gsciane l'aetrosz knew not our List of,
the Minority on Colonel Pamela's ma-- Scott,-suppeirted by Ibe 89th, the enemy 'was every
. tion . .
subjeet, now Less pleasing thew ever, of oar relations I hew to m 6th
awake use of !It is even added, the . . where drive:rhea, and our batteries and intrene1i-
•1M1............................
with the United States; and to the moat important (regiment of Canadian militia was disbanded from the ment regained, not, however, before he had disabled
MRS. SOUTHCUTT. the guns in No. 3 batteryond exploded its mhgazine.
political communications which have been received , superabanclence of our force no longer requiring its
-40.-- The tummy did not again attempt to make a stand,
through the medium of the American P licrs, we 1 serikee-a very little consideration would show the The following Soothcottian Bulletin appeared in ; but retreated in great disorder to the fort, and was
add the dispatches in Sotarday's Gazette, containing!: falsenood of this statement. Is it likely, that at a I the Sunday Monitor yesterday, by which it will be i followed by our troops to the &cis of the place.
the accooets of the action at Fort Erie on the 17th, 1 period of such real danger, after such defeatsseen that the Editor of that Paper begins to suspect iTo Major-Gen. De Wattevilles report I must re.;
we would disband any part of our; that his friend Joanna has baea humb.ogging: her foie ter your Excellency for the cause' of the enemy's sac.
the particulars of an attack made by Cie Auserkams ' disgraces,
at Machinac, and the capture of the United Stein force there, if such part of it was really efficient !lowers long enough, and like the Bottle Conjurer the :Cars in the first instance, via. the overwhelming mim-
e bobble most burst at last : 'her of the enemy, to which we had only the King's
does it not rather imply, that the 6th
Schooners, previously announced, on Lakes Huron and and of U6B ? or .. The public "inion, CV.er variable, is rapidly ^bola ' and De Watteville's regiments to appose. The spi.
Michigan. The dispatches from Gen. DIIIII6MONO Regiment of Canadian Militia was not exactly so own 'hwe
bits esruebrostt arm 'lrn'tte'rrtexeciur,HiznaarnecY;ebstre be icon: tit which the troops displayed in all .the subsequent
confirm his retreat from Fort Erie. 01. the 24th compered as to be depended upon in such a ticklish , tweedy assured.
inclined at proem to sespecnbeir j.4mrat'e operations deserves the highest coalmendatimist and
his head-quarters were at the Falls of Niigata. His moment, u the present ?It has been rather hajodi. I. omens)
awneoayos.ineynosaginthatdtscfsigeierdaLtass.d
This
lasftgaret I, entitles them t 0 my warmest apprnbatiou. I have
thedis-places the 0 dads of belie'vers Ishii only to regret that the scene of action (a thick wood)
loss before Erie on September 17, was not witch short aloes in the Pod end the Courier to VIM/analmost serious thing :It y. _ ._ , . _
for it will nuturally call : aOl. r in
to be highly cooscientioss, aensible. and hosourable . was so unfavourable to the display of the • valuable
of COO men. It would appear that Gen.
en tore beading of this egi
r - gnent, , , teters, a very distressing_ pre_dticamenti for
t_ it
e readers °
1 qualities which are inherent in British troops. The
had mode it stand at Queenstown. where an envie- forth ate enquiry as to the causes which produces the.mths:
pemauntiV:etts:o4the rif:c;gretroftmjeieriprorlaue;flobeabv
*loy..01; i charge made by the 824 regiment, under Major Proc.
omit was expected. Sir C. Pacvorr's account of the it. 'tut there is such a,seperfluity of military force ana
theirtircomiii4the;eanfalwatyaceteat Poh.l.liateatterto'ftaiziocibece tor, and detachment of the 6th, ander Major Tay.
as to render unnecessary the services of ; p
aEair of the llth, at Plattsburgh, is oseitted, for the there, hitu
the "accornigefietneweet had rakes pace! gAvt present ibis is nor kir, led to the recovery of the battery No. 2, and
regiment of 1100 effective men, natives of the coun.;iiiir task: but. we bare omitted Inopportunity to obtain. ali very mach decided the precipitate retrograde move-
season aseigned .by the Cuattcseeolt of the Ex. a
ography and inured to i possible idarraaliou au the_teet• movement made by the eneelty from the different
the account et try, acquainted with its ge , , The following is so ome statement oflirs. SOuthcott's . . Vol. ... _ ..... _ .
cnurea in the House of Commons,
mate does not appear very probable. The truth condition this week :- , 1 points l oar. position, Of "Mich Ile had gained a
ne contemporary action on Lake Champlain not its cli . , ' e Last nigh.; she awaked about ten o'clock, hind not no more, ! abort possession.
longer be concealed, abd it will then, I sleep during ibe night ; at half-pust four this morning ber pains f .
having been yet received. A return of the pre- cannot much . Ma'or-Gen IDe Waft 'II f
evi..e reports most .avour.
arent. beyond doabt, that the itate I came on mnrlvetronger, she said, thin she had felt them before, _ 1
iiiousioss of men is given; it does not appear to have we fear, he app continued war two hours and then went off. the went to sleep, tidy of the steadiness evinced by the lot battalion of
of the public mind is such as to render all our force . groaned .much in hr. sleep,mati awaked in great pain. bet was
. .. Royal Scots, ander Lieutenant- Colonel Gordon
been considerable. so eve' powered wtth sleep* Mat she only kept awake till the j ,
lint-. in Canada necessary for its protection front itself..-- ! pain went off; in this manner she contimsed.till eleven o'clock; , lomiimindifft' Isl litigade), and the remains of the
We regret to say the Ameriean Papers comm .• n r SIC
.c..ante .
t 1 at 'the b be be • knee on. and Mole* •vsichings 4is
extracts we are i this inse...:42d battalion 841th`,'. under Captain Basden. I anr•self
pate the official account of another failure of ours, Let os look dispassion' e y . . ner she has continued it- cc, now sod tbect a pato, but ne •;si- I ounesvetdie got
+d
lately made from the Canadian Newspapers, printer' Die sr have,appearcd at pretest. • .
ed no airier and spirit with which the
in an attack open Fort Bowyer, in the Mobile, West e 1s is
. the foor.th day the ha* ontsud.; Glengstry tight infirCiry, eerier Lieuto•Colotiel, Bat-
Florida, by the expedition which sailed some time as they are, under the Immediate controut ofloin hbek& "'
i Damn, Fpfloy find sntitrdaysliehadineeb or! er,. 1, e• berg% pushed into tiii:wooci, and by their superior .
t and that a military one,but not like &today morning and the pracedlng ones. fire drove back the -tpferny's light troops. ' Lieut.,.
ago from the Havannah, for the redectiou of Loui- . the Governmen ~
.t ..—!.....m.r.fifsaTiampisa•
res •in these News. .. i Colonel- Peamon,4ltispecting rinid Officer, it2Cettie
sia In this unfortunate affair the Heroes sloop rally pretty strict in i s measo , .
Coale-Exciseman, Nov. 41.-The market was well sap- • •
inst
re although a ' great outcry is made aga . _net* with Wheat
this at,,etn,.x.
and
,a,en
were heavy at last Pan%ecl this
part of his demi.brieade, and, I am s wry
of war was lost, Rude considerable number of men papers, , I Vii • prices. Barley is. Jeerer, twee being few mantles to say, ieceiveci a severe, though I hope not a den.
Sir GEORGE PREYOST, yet not one syllebk op.
- at=tenot mu. sell as last Week; autism,' qualities '
killed and wounded. . 'rut the enemy ! Not one . word about ebeaver. Other articles remain fir same. gerous wound.
,
The whole of the documents which we lay before pears agar -......- ;To Major-General De Watteville, who command.
necessity of the people taking .arms to repel. hits , .sat till'PlELT) MARKET.-Nov. IL
the public are of the utmost importance at the present the ed in camp, and by whom the first directioais were
from their frontier ! No, no ; these Canadians sit
~.e_ . Tr. siek toe ores. per !tone or ,4t..
meinent. They unhappily present us with a most f ...4s. Od. to Ss. Bd. Read et ("mule Mb day r . given and arrangements made, lam under great
affairs ; failure quietly at home, nor can all the dangers which they : mutest: . bs. it ~ to 6. "Od. Rem" WOO obligations for the judgment displayed by him, and
melancholy picture of our American ' Veal ....7s. 04. to Si. o.t. Sheep. .
19;446 for his.seal and exertions daring the action.
wait them from American invasion, roose -
Pork ...?fig. fkt. to is. 4 ' Calves
to our etatesmen, and disaster and disgrace to ear ere told a t . cm My ackusiwledgments are also due to Major-Ge-
hem to take one single step for their owe defence.: Lamb • .i....0t. 03. P. Os. Od. Pigs ,
warriors, if tibgraCe can 'attach to men, who are t- .
•
. . ,

- -
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

'MUSE,: O&' COMMONS, Nor. 19.
T' a Report of the Committee of Supply has brought up, and
arm-4 to.
Mr. LUSO OiriTON brndebt on the Bill for motrie-ding the
Operation of certain Prm: issory Notes. e.:e Foreign Shipping.
the Itigh %%col I.lll;nrtatien and the Writ 'Min and Smith
A merien Waal lospostaition Whir imardadiillealhee. itt4
ordered to be read a seeded time Mo via•
•

• — .
Ar_— •
Malls. Dee
0 * Lisbon
$
It % .... liollan4
a

tem ICK OY STOCKS. THIS OAT AT 0104% O'CLOCK
f
I ..nit. Am lilp3-111
per rent Red c‘lif
Per (1-41- Goo •. 6.0 Vischeohor MI6 A p
4 pr re—ts. 7911 illenilra 411
6 per Cent. Nas . 9Bil Cowls for Aoo. 0.1

TUB; STATRISahtN.

LONDON:
MONDAY• NOVEMBER 111, 11114.
