THE STATESMAN.

to rut down with their swords the ,princilirs of lie
berth ? Could Engilslienets bear to see their wives,
their daughters, and themselves insulted by a feroci-
ous soldiery ? No, Ood forbid it ! and Britons forbid
it too! Let ns, like the brave Spartans at Thermopile,
jump into the breach, resolving to save our country,
or perish in the attempt ; for, better would it be to
send our lives in the !! hirio its struggle, than live the
slaves of cowardly despot 4, who would even disgrace
the savage hordes of Africa. I feel convinced that
nothing would please the fiends of loyalty better than
to see an army of bloodhounds massacreing the re-
' formers. How they would leap in ecstacy ekt the
sight. Evening the butchering of Shout twenty pour
liailirals at lancliester was to them a subject of ge-
neral exultation ; but how would that joy increase If
as many thousands cool I be sacrificed to their lava-
tiahle appetites. But t hope that courage, which is
the characteristic of Britain's Isle, will not forsake it
on the present occasion ; for all the fortitude we are in
possesiou of will be wanted in that contest which the
madness of tour oppressors seems likely to bring upon
us: at all events, the approaching crisis will be very dif-
ferent from what the people of this country have ever
before experienced ; it will, if they act with firmness,
be one of the greatest changes that ever occurred in
Britain : it will not be, as it heretofore has been under
similar, circumstahees, merely a change of men, while
the state corruptions were suffered not only to exist,
but to 'spread their luxuriant branches over every part
of our civil and religious institutions—it will not be
a displacing one family to put in its place another
equally as bad; but a general alteration of the system,
a victory of the whole people over a monarchical des-
potism, a cruel aristocracy, and a buroughnsungering
oligarchy.

itritons, slumber no loneert
4• To be happy 'lewd be free—
" To be free you must be united.
• "Too long has discord raged amongst you: it is
that whirls has been the bane of Britain t it is that
whirl; has enabled your enemies to rivet on your ema-
ciated limbs the iron chain of slavery ; and it is dire
curd alone that can enable them to continue their ty-
rannic away. titmice, then, as you value every thing
that is dear to Englishmen, and unite ; for, if you do
not, depend upon it you will become an easy prey to
your oppressors, who, like Satan of old, go prowling
through the land, seeking whom they ran devour. It
always has been the favourite maxim cf tyrants to di-
vide and conquer ; and, alas too nitro have we seen
that hellish plan attended with success. Bat let us
hope that on the present uerasion the enemies of Rag-
laud will be disappoiuted. lot us hope that the im-
mense mass of political information which has been;
distributed within the last 3 years will he the mitsms •
of putting you upon your guard against the trithery
of your tyrants, and that in the end you will be oblf
to treat them in the manner they so richly deserve
But, above all, let me impress on your 'triads the Di-
cessity of immediate onion ; if there wanted a proof
of the benefits derived to any cause by union, we hake.
only to look to our oppressors themselves, •
whom the greatest unanimity prerrails, and bylliVin
of which they are able to pick your pockets at the very
time you are deprecating their villainies. By this one
example you stray im able to appreciate the elects •.f
salty. What maid of men perform'
were damned? Bat were that nailter

gether in oar amuses cense, with one sentiment Ot I
brating through the *bole. I would ask, what avoid I
be able toresist theni i Consider, then, that in England, i
Ireland, and Scotland, the number of reformers is es-1
tituated at four tins-s the, shun amount; which body. i
notthi they act in unixon, might bid defiance to all
the tyrants in the world cotnbined."
T. J. Vale, a printer at Birmingham, deposed that
the defendant had employed Lint to print the libel
sent forth in the indictment. He struck oN 600
copies; 100 were sent to the lodgings of the defend-
ant ; and, by his dirertion, 100 were delivered at the,
room of a society called " The Union Society of Bir-
mingham." The defendant was present when the
copies were delivered.
Two ymang men proved that they had purchased the
address at the defendant's I wigisgs. .
Tl.c case fur the prosecution being closed, the de.
fendant who managed his own cause, was called ou Air
his defence.
He commenced his address to the Jury by observing
upon the length of time during which this prosecution
bad been held is terrereta oter his head. The first
proceedings which had been instituted against him
commenced in December last; anti he had then been
held to bail, in order to secure his attendance at the
ensuing quarter-sessions of the peace, at which he
was informed that the present issue would be tried.—
On his appearance at those sessions he was laftstrened
that the case had been removed by a writ of certiorari
into the Court of King's Bench, and would therefore
not be tried before the justices of the county. No fur-
ther proceedings were taken against him till the 11th
of February, token he received notice to plead. Ali
asipi
neglected. however, to put in any plea, partlifrean,
ignorance, and partly ,from not having, the pessesiary
resources necessary to do so. He could assure thahry
that his neglect to plead did not arise from any .
on his part to evade the pursuits of justice; ea tip ,
contrary, he was ready, if he had committed as 0f..1
fence, to submit to soy puni. humid which the laws el
his country might iollict upon him. As he did nek'
bear of any further steps being taken against him is
Easter Term, be supposed that judgment had gone bp
default; and it was not till his apprehension on the flit
of June that he was informed of the contrary. Slate AM
period he had bees I. custody. On the 241 of July he so.
mired a copy d the indictment found against him. alias
notice to prepare for his trial at the ensuing wisps.
Being himself' d
alary

1111611811
the
Iheak,
would k
preaeat
fit
that
in►

fitted upon him, were they to give a verdict in favour
of the prosecutor. He had one observation to make to
them with regard to the indictment, which he con-
ceived to he of some importance. The indictment
charged him with baring written the pamphlet, which
had given rise to this prosecution, for the purpose of
inciting the liege subjects of his Majesty to rebellion.
Now he took that opportunity of informing them,
that he had never hid the slightest wish to seduce
any of his Majesty's subjects from their allegiance ; and
he was ready to make oath, if such an oath were
deemed necessary, that no idea of that nature had ever
entered into his imagination. As a proof of this as-
sertion, he begged leave to acquaint them, that assoon
as he learned that the tendency of his pamphlet was
considered to be injurious, and that this prosecution
had been instituted against him in consequence of it.
he had stopped and prohibited i s further circulation.
They were now appointed to decide whether the publish-
ing it he had or had not been guilty of an offence: to
their decision he looked forward with respect, not un-
miegleil with anxiety; for upon it would depend
whether he was to continue for a still longer period im-
mured in a prison, or whether he was to be restored to
his wife, his frirails, his family, and to what was as
dem to him as life—he meant his liberty. He hoped
find, in forming their opinion upon his case, they
would lay aside all local prejudices—all party feel-
ings they ought not to be biassed by any such un-
lengthy passions, bat ought, by virtue of tbelr osiths,,
to do their duty fairly and impartially, and without
reanect to persons, between himself and the King—his
nominal prosecutor. With these observations he
should leave his case in their hands : he placed in them
the fullest confidence : he knew that they were the
great bulwark which the constitution had provided for
the defence of the weak against the assaults of the
powerful; and from that knowledge, and from a con-
viction of his own innocence, which he hoped to
transfer to their minds, he gladly threw himself upon
them tor protection.
Chief-Heron Rica tans then proceeded to sum up
Ithe evidence; after which he informed the jury that
they were the judges whether this publication was or
•
was not a libel. At the same time he should not be
performiug his duty, if he did not, in the execution of
his office of judge, state to them his opinion upon its
nature and tendency. In order to gibe them an op-
portunity of deriding whether his opinion was correct
or not, he should read the whole of the libel to them,
as by so doing they would be more enabled to see the
,hearings and understand the insinuations which had
Wren made in the extracts already read to them. The
I learned judge then read the whole of the publication,
and in the course of it stated that it was his conscien-
tious opinion that it was a most virulent and atrocious
libel.

The Jury then returned, without a moment's hesi•
taboo, a verdict of Guilty against the prisow.r.
On the Judge informing the defendant that Pen-
truce would not be paused upon him at that time, but
that he would be brought up during the next Term
before t►e Court of King's Bench to receive judg-
ment,

asked, whether he

sot be

The defendant , might
**leveed to go at large ape* bail until that time; to
which, it we understood the reply of the Judge cor-
als*, it was answered that he weld mot. The de.

SCOTLAND.

(FROM TOR RAINUFRGR COURAMT4
111011 TREASON.

Ave, Juirr 411, !Silk—The Court was opened here
to-day, for the purpose of arraigning the prisoners,
against whom true bilk charging high treason were
formerly found hy the Grand Jury. The Judges pre-
sent were The Lord Justice Clerk and Lord Chief'
Baron. The list of the Urand Jury was called over,'
and the following prisoners were placed at the bar :
From the parish of Mauchline, John 'Sickle and
Hugh Wallace; and from the parish of Strirarton,
Andrew Wyllie and Thomas Mackay. These prisoners
respectively pleaded Not °silty, and demanded to be
tried by Sod and their country.
Mr. J. P. Went and Mr. Sandford were, at the re-i
just of the prieoners, assigned ns their counsel, in
plies of the, geutlesnes formerly suggested. It was
Intimated from the Beach that the trials in this place
would commence on Wednesday the 9th of August.
There appeared for the prosecution---tine Crowe
Doaasel, and Mr. Arnott as *grata
•.
Mr. linkmen Hillock set oat roo Dumbarton on
his return to baglaud.
The Court sits for trials on Tuesday at Psisley, sad
lon Friday at Stirling.

The Lord Advocate, with that distiardshed for-
hearanre and hataaani:y whirl he has es-UMW is the
conduct of the late prostration., has liberated, with-
out bringing to trial, the seem penises hes Greenock,
wkaaWure confined in Dunakartea Castle ea a thugs
.4 Odin( in the breaking open of the jail of tirsearielt,
oa tha If th of April last.
When
g to the
, there on '
} by the crowd
. pod forward "
i thdased,

what yea 1.-
A quarrel
Pdtte-rrew,

,1111 _
loatasis were separated: by 'tbs poikbrealpis SI..
was as dreadfully ban Vat ha dist Wig sew Ow-
Ws that sissoes
illele asi dal

Messrs. WAS? 411111411X1NOSIP airs rite* tapestry from risk of Wary. them ;ill
a rgififtbalen Ina, Raisharessiellerr Oa erfakil or tempormy walsetwitieg reaching al
Thursday, they were taseseliskik way Via...44kt art allbetad by the passing a
rowd is the street, mad MO 61111 I . to ablik seats. The frosts
and in high spirits, eartided.lo Hail, and 01'1
sessologliter 414"Llba__121 I
" God bless and prosper yew heenen; ger: a . eavert- wg '
a hare dose for the.. pet hays the day.", armed with the Ape dermatitis. of I
mil took place os Is *eh mad at the gallmha. there will I
ow, which ended in 6=lo ' aim to ensble the lards to proceed to
saalber of pietas mew. Wed map i ' 11 kip atm* bets stated that se Is
ch aaisaosity sad Asersesdes. 41111 miar 1 kspaVeii te siebellitypecallar arram
. _. .

..1'
-.
- - 1;;;Ii. 110- i iii i
ring himself le prises. a es etc • all paws- ire saderstaad that aalareetigatima kaleighe mum Eli I bet, that the elides *anise iithirtilf,
sry resources. he had net been able to wake sack pre- Of this unfortunate affray is wow, tens tbsii radials seceismust :Wm Tepid art. Vele.
rations for his defence as be might otherwise have wane of the parties have a - with each adsorb MAI beleb.4'
at ;be trailed, howesur. that "Itch a deicing of la the C4llOl Asetviesa ship. Nal a/ond at wrim: tied *solar% al 'brit 'a
rens weaW set excite say prejudice Naiad Me la roma fain Malladoiphio, spoons, of dirty p».' wawa, eaamoder& sad -
, naiads of his Jury, bat weak! he easisidered ws vs Mused best. vi bad aaolgobal la the ' lir Ilhitipaaa - iitissbres_ . ,sissi
ea; sot se mach ids fault as ids wisfartune. lisalosimst a short thaw age. They ask ti at Mak L lifsbiliNl• is Usiies-1041.1.1 m
add ebeene. frees this statute's of fasts. that ' elegem lid Wei rtiirk. win be tee UPPIN
• :-
.eat prosecatlio had Was isopeadiag ere, his vary graa4 piroppod
o& of the • *AK )44.14. That 4.6 tar g•
r the last eight swath, s sad he could assure tkes. Orton haverioneart into as
.r. , .., . .
at the anxiety sad ver.aiioe whieb bad heeo maid at is fem. Aaaamosse Awoke pilaw;
iii • - al "ageteaus
tomerlignagigagerk.
Lerlastri:
his naiad daring that protracted period a . pose Was,* Iphiackisi. la alit it_____.:A•als'ili '
d iadatislaa, bad heti Malady mart turasaspi:4l.6Blllo:t....i, ;4, egampabe -181 '4' ebsisio *IA* aspr7-.;
at that way rsigaissisi ceidi b• *MA talOt hi • ink a vdatitia phi • sehila-4 • 4.1/146,1914* • ,
. I •
. , ,gt. id` as ..4... , • • ?I • • .
'
