REFLECTOR.

New York Coffee-11mm, Aug. 17, 1809.

NAVAL INTRL&IGENCE.

Dovrn, Ave. 17.—Arrived and passed by for the Downs.
followin; ship of the West India fleet, viz. Hopewell,
Corry; and the Merry, Wagon, from Harbadaes ; Harvev.
Redman, from Trinidad; Baltic Merchint, Smith, from Ca-
nada; Dove, ; and King George, Cotten, from St.
Vincent; London, Duncan, from Tob:Lgo; Ealing Grove,
Nc IN free Dominica; and the Charles Carter. Drysdale,
from New York.

In the 'Loads—the Nereus, Rolla, and Peruvian, sloops of
war.

YARMOUTH, At:G. 17.—Arrived L'Espiegle, With trans-
ports, marks and No. 132, VIC, and G, with troops, said to
be destined for Heligoland; and this morning sailed fur He-
ligoland ; and Constant pun-brig, on a cruise.
Remaining in the Roads the Roebuck, Mosquito, and Ac-
tive gun-brigs; and Ramada sloop.

DE IL. Arc. 17.—Last night several sail of tronspirts
der convoy of his Nt.ticst)'s sloop Osprey, willed for Flush-
ing; the Unicorn frigate also sailed on a cruise.
This morning his Nl.tie•tty's ships Acosta and Dolphin ar-
rived iu the Downs, with convoy Irmo Tortola, in 43 days.
The Dolphin has 40J French prisoners on board. and two
transports have also French prisoners ou board, which were
taken at the Saints.

This morning, the wind being Easterly. the outward-bound
ships got under weigh, and sailed to the Westward. We can-
not bear that any convoy was appointed to accompany them.
In the Downs, his Majesty's ship Lively, Vice-Admiral
Campbell ; York, Diana, Angst*. Dolphin, and Resolution.
Four P. M.—The outward-bound are now corning back to
the Dewas.—Wind S. W.

Yesterday his Royal llighni•ss the Duke of
CAMBRIDGL entertained a select party of military
and other Gentlemen with an elegant dinner, at
his house in Berkeley square.
Lord and Lady liot.t.Ano had a select party of
friends at dinner yesterday at liollind

The anniversary of the birth of his Royal High.
nest the Prince of WALES was celebrated at Edin-
burgh, in the Assembly Rooms, George-street.
There were present on this occasion, swung many
other respectable individuals,

The Earl of Lauderdale. Lord Kiwisled, Lord William
Hassell, the lion. Newry Erskine, Lord Bamostyne, Sir
John Lowther John-tooe, &c. t and the Lord Provost and
Magistrates, the Lord Dews of Guild. and the Convener of
the Trades, attended is visitors of the Stewards. The Earl
of Lauderdale presided.
Yesterday afternoon a Cabinet Council was held
at the Foreign Office, at which were present,
The Lord Chancellor ; Earls Bathurst, Westmotlaad, and
Harroarby ; Lords Castlereagh, Lemon (lower ; and Mal-
pave ; Kr
e. Seesetesi Came*, ang, $M Chia** et the
Eschetre.

SPANISH PAPERS.

ADDRESS FROM 'ME SUPREME CEVTRAL JUNTA
To rul PEOPLE or GALLIC( 1.

a ProrLE OP GALLICIA:

66 Ou seeing you fall into the power of the ene-
my without any resistance ; on contemplatin;
your naval emporiutn, the pride of our coast,,
occupied by the French; and this leading and
powerful province train sea to um subject to a
foreign yoke—indignation and grief wrung front
your native country the groans of malediction and
anger, as from a mother who complains to hea.
run and earth of the degradation of a daughter.
in whose purity and virtue the was wont to glory.
66 Sinistreus events then followed in a rapid
successsion, as fortunate occurrences did before
the battles of Espinosa, Burgos and 'f trdela were
followed by the action of Somisierra, the capture
of the capital, and the defeat near Ucles. The
ruins of Saragossa, the affair of Vella, and the
battle of Medellin succeeded ; but if in these me.
movable actions fortune forsook us, at icaq the
public opinion was not lost. The wonderful
resistance of the capital of Arragon ; the persewk.
ranee and gallantry with which our Cateloni:,n
army, notwithstanding its inferiority in numbet,
maintained an action fur eleven hours, broke the
enemy's centre, and thus fought its trey into Tat.
ragutta ; the sanguinary conflict of bleddim, in
which the French soldiers were struck with asto-
nishment, on witnessing the intrepidity and buhl-
ness of our troops, whom they despised at the
bottom of their heart, demonstrated that Spain,
although deeply affected by those disasters, did nut
lose her confidence. Her warriors pursued the path
of glory, and were every day acquiring additional
rights, and additional means to obtain victory.
But, Gallicians! Gallicia, entered without re-
sistance, domineered without opposition, and sink-
, ing into slavery without a groan—Gallicia discon-
certed all the calculations of prudence, an 4 gave the
death-blow to the state by destroying all its hopes.
Who could have supposed, on that unfortunate
night, that the first dawn of happiutiss would
burst forth upon our country from Gallicia ? Gal.
liciaas, weak as you appeared is your fall, a huts.
drud times more great and glorious were you in
your insurrection. Despair itself, magnanimous
Gallicians, braced your arms, to a degree of
strength of which you were at first unconscious,
and the enemy was soon able to perceive
that loyalty and patriotism were rekindling
the flame of war in a province, which, appa.
rently, was perfectly tranquil. The shouts of rode.
pendence and revenge began to be heard on every
'road, in every village and town ; rage supplied
arms, and with him who had nut a sabre to bran.
dish, or a firelock to charge, the peaceful scythe
and sickle became implements of war and death.
Individuals, in a state of extreme agitation, were
searching for each other, companies were collecting,
corps forming ; the conqueroris fearful in their
turn of the vanquished, retired to their strong holds ;
thither they were pursued ; there they were as-
' sailed and routed. Vigo surrendered with its op-
pressors, and Gallia.' sending them in chains to
the opposite sea-coast, chose them to bear wit-
ness to the glorious truth, that the Spanish have
not yet entirely forgotten the art of conquering
and enchaining the French.
" This was the first day which shone propitious

o Spin, after five months of disasters. It was

followed by others; and the •ery men who, at the
first moment of surprise, appeared so dejected,
were the first who prepared the return of victory,
which was afterwards gathered jointly with them
by the warriors who flew to their assistance, in ttp
streets of Santiago, in the fields of Estella and
Lugo, and at thu Bridge of St. Payo. It was in
vain that Soult, who, with considerable trouble,
escaped from our allies in Oporto, hastened to join
and reinforce with his defeated division the weak.

and Ncy. Obstructed in their marches, inter-
rupted in their communisations, and disappointed
in their hopes of lighting decisive banks, these
arrogant Generals despair of conquering, and
curse and detest a war which wastes them without
glory. Where are now that assurance, that con,
fidence, with which they told yon that all was
tranquil in the Peninsula except Corunna and
Ferrol ? Where that vain glory with which, in
their ambitious views, the coasts of the Cartabrian
and Atlantic Sea resounded ? They might
devastate and ravage your country, but could
not subject. and maintain themselves is it.
Wearied with contending with physical forces,
which encreased every day, and with a mo-
ral resistance which had rendered itself in-
vincible, they at length fly from your soil, ex-
hausted, wretched, dispersed, without arms, and
without clothes ; and in Castile give a fresh and
striking proof of the impossibility of imposing a
yoke upon a people when they are unanimous in
their resistance.

" The Spaniards do not pt know what war
is," said the infmuous traitors to their country—.
those who disguised under the mask of foresight
their criminal egotism. With these impressions of
discouruesomit they wished to repress the gene.

rous movements of loyalty. Vile and pusilla►►i-
mous men! We now know what war is ; and this
terrible lesson is written in our soil, by the finger
of desolation, and graven on our hearts with the
poiguard of vengeance. The execrable wretches,
whose satellites ye make yourselves, have c►tcecil_
ed in their atrocities, whatever your perfidions
suggestions could devise, and cowardly imagination
supply. But proceed to Gallicia, if you dare to
do so, and learn to appreciate Spanish valour. So.
crates stretched his valiant arm over the burning
coals of Porsena ; his arm was consumed without
the hero breathing a sigh, or asking mercy. Such
is Spanish patriotism ; the blood of sacrificed vie.
tims is still crying up to Heaven, the smoke of
fired houses still rising to the clouds, the silence of
desolation is still hovering over a country, for-
merly covered with villages and farms ; yet ask
the families which are wandering through the
woods, whether they will not rather live with the
wild beasts of the forest than have any intercourse
with the assassins who sold you ? ask them, whe-
ther they repent their resolution ? try whe-
ther you discover among them one voice which
sidiz with you, one vote which exculpates
you ? You are now free, people of Gallicia,
end the country, in proclaiming your emancipa-
tion, blots out with tears of admiration and affee.
tion the painful expressions in which it once
complained of you under different circumstances.
You are free, and owe it to your sublime patrio-
tism, your valour, and your perseverance ; you
are free, and Spain, nay, all Europe, congratu.
late you with additional satisfaction, because your
fate seemed truly hopeless. All good men bless
`•our name, and offering you as a model to all
other provinces, it considers the day of your re-
demption as the forerunner of the redemption of
the country. But, people of Gallicia, if you
wish to preserve the liberty you have maintained
by dint of prodigies ; if you wish to sustain .he
glory that surrounds yon, and reverberates
throughout Spain ; if you wish to gather the fruits
of so many exertions perfectly 'natured, remain
united and subordinate to the authorities who
are at the head of you. Bear in mind all ye
who have any management over public affairs of
this great Province, ye, as well who coin matid,
as ye who obey, that tranquillity and safety are
found►d in virtue. By strength and perseverance
you have defeated the enemy ; by union, by love
of order and justice, you will constitute your
happiness, and repair thss dreadful evils which the
French invasion has inflicted on you. Let public
tranquillity revive, with the empire of the laws,
peace and moderation in all towns and villages,
union and subordinvitin in the armies, eternal
l►atred against the tyrants. Such ought to he your
r►otto.

" MART'S DE GERAY "
" Royal Palace, Sunk, lily 10, 1809."

TUE MARKETS.

CORN-EXCHANGE—At:am 18.

There arc but alvat remaining supplies of
Wheat bete to-day, and Silt•S are made at a small
increase in price ; Rye likewise ; Barley also,
and in short supply ; in Peas and Beans of the
two kind but little variation ; there are tolerable
remaining supplies of Oats, but few samples of
prime rina'ity, and this article supports its prices ;
Flour on terms of our List currency ; and flue
American rather higher, 525. to sbs. per barrel.

CURRENT PRI
Wheat, - - -- 76. 90s. 101,..
Film ditto - - - -104 s. 106 s.
50..34x.
Bosley,
Malt; 724.90..
Nv. (ilers) - Ras. 905.
(ire) Peas, 47.. St,-
365. ty)...

SMITH Ti RI
To sink the Offal
8eef....3n. Od. to ss. 4d.
Pdottoe..ss. Od. to Ss. 6d.

Veil ....6s. Bd. to is. Od.
Pork Od. to 6.. 6d.
L0mb....5%. 6d. to 6s. 6d.

CE OF GRAIN.
Tick Seam, - - - -46 t. 51s.
Mits,
Poland ditto - - - - fas. 401.
Potato ditto - - -to 4*.
Rape Seed - - - £5O £53.
Fine Flour - - -80 s.
Secoods

D—AaG. 18.
per ‘tone of MIA.
head or Little this day :
Beast, 778

Sheep and Lambs (4,36
Cakes
Pigs

HAI-MARKET.
Hay 5l. 05. Od. to 61. 64. CH.
Straw
Clover

SOUTirAL—Auc. 9.
Beasts ... ISO I Sheep.... 2,580 I Pip.... 190

The Duke of Ricuworre, with his amiable
Consort, intend to set out from Dublin, on a tour
through the South of Ireland, embracing Mount.
Shannon, Newcastle, Limerick, Killarney, Castle.
martyr, Rosiellan Castle, the City of Cork, &c.
The party will consist of the Duke and Duchess
of amnion. and smite, Lady MARY 'AMOR,
Earl Maness, Sir CUARLES VERNON, Captain
Rtany
, &c. _ _ .

The Mara Or Lord HARRIWGTON to Dublin is
daily expected. Colonel Goassom had already ar.
rived. General FLoTo is accordingly, we under.
stand, preparing to leave Dublin, fur Cork, in
order to resume the command of that district.

The Duke of RUTLAND and a party of Noble-
men sad Gentlemen ha•e bashed their amusement
of groase.shooting fur the leases ; nail this day
his Grace will proceed to York, is order to be
present at the Races.
The Mnehioaess of Lsoutowiec %sill have a
scl,•ct party ou Sunday, at her house io Berkeley.
square.

The M,►rchiuness of STAFF MEI patronised The
Mnon, and The Weathercock, at the Put.
te7 flis acne, on Monday last ; and this night
Mr. I.cr.i.oom proposes to entertain the Ladies
Gentlemen of Stafford with his Voyage to

THE EXPEDMON.

.r.

Raawica, half-past Six P. M. August 11.
" Our anxious desires to hear of the fall of
Flushing are at length gratified. A fishing smack
from Campvero has brought the pleasing intelli-
gence that the place was taken possession of yes.
terday (Tuesday) morning, at seven o'clock, after
having been bombarded from one on Sunday
morning to three o'clock yesterday morning, from
the land side, while a heavy and tremendous fire
was kept up by the gun-boats and men of war
from the sea. Oil Monday the Governor sent
out a flag of truce, offering to surrender on
terms. His terms were rejected. The enemy
had received considerable reinforcements from
Cadsand, before our ships succeeded in cutting
off the communication on that side, so that
their force was very respectable, some accounts
say between 10,000 and 11,000 men. The works
were also in such order as induced in the besieged
a belief that they would bo able to hold out for
a considerable time, if not to defeat entirely our
attempts against the place; but nothing could
withstand the ardour of the besiegers, and the
energy with which the fire was kept up after every
thing was ready for the bombardment; and the
bombardment instantly recommenced, and was
continued unremittingly till three o'clock yester.
day morning, when another Hag of truce was sent
out. The firing instantly ceased, and by sevro
o'clock our troops were in possession of the
place. The garrison, I understand, surrendered
at discretion. Our 141,s was comparatively trial*
that of the enemy was great."

CAMPTURI Atm 15.—1 passed Gravesend
' at 10 A.M. on the 13th instant, and arrived in the
East Scheldt on the 14th ; being without a pilot,
we went up close to Flushing, where we cncoun.
tered the first magnificent, but awful sight. Al.
ready, at a great distance, we saw smoke: eons.
ing nearer to Flushing, we heard the roar of can.
non. Flushing was then bombarding on the land
side; and on our nearer approach we saw ten
British line-of-battle ships, like a half moon, at
some distance from the fortress, in order of bat-
tle, with innumerable other ships of war. We
clearly saw the Signals given, and all at once, as
if by magic, the British ships dashed towards
Flushing, and oprneil their thunder upon the ene.
my. In an instant the ships and Flushing seemed
enveloped in smoke. Considering it improper
to pass in the rear of the fleet to Aliddleburgh,
we returned with a strong S. S. W. breeze, and
proceeded through the intricate sands of Zutland,
and other passages, to the West Scheldt, at the
mouth of which about 20 ships of the line lay at
anchor, and the eye and telescope in every diree.
(ion met with all sorts of men of war, supporting
the operations of this gigantic expedition. The
transports are at anchor in the West Scheldt, and
appear 1" a forest of masts." The total is esti-
mated at 1500 ships. At night, at anchor in the
West Scheldt, I saw from the mast-head of the
fishing-boat, the town of Flushing on fire. It
scented to me that about six o'clock the firing
ceased, and we already enjoyed the idea of the
conquest. We heaved, and went up the West
Scheldt, and the tide being strongly against us,
we again anchored in a very smooth river. We
all saw when night came on, that the town was on
fire ; but hearing no more cannon, we thought
it the consequence of the bombardment. Alli
' went to rest, except the boy, and 1 was writ.
ing. About ten o'clock I went en deck, by
mere chance, for fresh air, and judge of my asto-
inshment of what I saw ! Oh God! such a sight 1
never wish to see again ! The buy told me lie
saw rockets; I myself thought they were signals
of ships at an immense distance; we must have
been 20 miles from Flushing across the Island;
but neither I nor the boy could hear cannon.
However, being uneasy, I woke the Captain►.
He, having better organs of the car than I, dis.
tinutly heard cannon—the bombardment had again
begun. We saw rockets, Ste. and every moment
we saw a flash of lightning, being the priming of
cannon. It was a dreary, rainy night—strong
breeze. Thus this new bombardment lasted
from about half past nine o'clock at night, to
precisely three o'clock this morning being the 15th
August, at which time I was witness of the scene,
though at a distance. It was a continuation of
fire-works—every moment a rocket, every mo.
ment the sound of cannon. We saw no explosion,
so that I hope our ships era perfectly safe. The
bombardment (I learned this since my arrival) is
the most tremendous ever known. The fortress
surrendered this morning unconditionally, but no
particulars are known here."

The port of Corunna being perfectly open, it
is intended immediately to re-establish the yelp.
lar intercourse with that port by packets. The
Marquis de la ROMAN.% has made a request to this
effect. It is expected that, by this time, a regu-
lar communication will have been opened be-
tween the corps of ROMANA and the armies un.
der Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY and Gen. CHESTS,
and betweei. the whole North, South, and centre
of Spain.

The Honourable Artillery Company, on Sa-
turday, celebrated the Birth-day of their Captain.
General, his Royal Highness the Prince of
%Yates : they mustered in their ground at twelve
o'clock; at one a royal salute was fired by the
field pieces and battalion. After the field e'er-
cise, the corps dined at the Armory-house. On
the health of the KING, Patmce, and ROYAL
FAKILY being drank, a salute of seven guns was
fired to each.

The arrangements for the establishment of a
King's Dock-yard at Milford, are understood to
be complete, and that two line of battleships, a
frigate, &c. are to be proceeded upon directly.

EXEC= °sr.—Wednesday morning, James
Cooper and William Moulds, severally convicted
at Croydon Assizes of two most horrid murders
(mentioned in our paper of Wednesday last), paid
the forfeit of their lives to the offended laws of their
country, in Horsemonger.lane, in the Borough.
On their bodies being cut down, they were con.
veyed to St. Thomas's Hospital for dissactlya.

BATTLE. OF W.4GR.43f.

The following Austrian official Account has ap.
paired in the Hamburgh Papers ; but It is without
a date :

" By the 4th, the enemy had completed a new
bridge from the Isle of Lubau, across a branch of
the Danube, in which he was much favoured both
by the ground and by hn immense numliof artil.
lery. The Imperial and Royal army drawn
up on the eminence behind the rivulet Russ, ex-
tending its right wing beyond Sussessbrunn and
Kagan, and its left beyond Markgrasen-Nensie.
del. The centre was posted near Wagram. Tee
enemy having, in the night between the 4 h and
sth, crossed over to the left bank of the Danube,
large masses appeared very eatly in the morning
in the plain. Not long before noon he attacked
the line of the Imperial and Royal army in all its
points; but his greatest exertions were directed
against the centre, probably with a view of forc.
ing it. His attacks, though repeated with the
greatest impetuosity, and supported by an immense
number of ordnance, among which were many
batteries of the heaviest calibre, proved this day
abortive. The firing ceased at ten o'clock at
night. The Imperial and Royal Army had on the
whole of its line maintained its positien, and made
a considerable number Of prisoners, among whom
there are many Saxons, Badanese, Italian, and
Portuguese soldiers.
" On the 6th in the morning, at four o'clock,
the enemy renewed his attacks with still larger
maws, and greater impetuosity than un the pee-
cedinc day. Even thus his efforts against the
centre and the right wing were attended with so
little success that the latter had even gained such
advantages as to justify the expectation of the
completed victory, when the enemy, with fresh
divisions and great superiority, suddenly penetrat-
ed the left wing near Alarkgrafen—Neusiedel, and
succeeded, after an obstinate engagement, in cote.
pelling it to retreat. One of the wings of the
Royal and Imperial army being thereby exposed,
his Imperial and Royal Highness the Archduke
and Generalissimo has directed the retreat by the
way of Stammersdorf and the Bisamhill, in cond.
(pence of which the army occupies a new posi.
tiun, covering the communication with Bohemia.
This retreat was made in the best order, and with.
out material loss.

" In the centre, as well as in the right wing,
the enemy suffered very considerably. Sic thou-
sand prisoners were taken from him, among whom
ate three Generals. He likewise lost twelve can-
non, with ammunition. and was in every respect
so much weakened, that ho bet not attempted since
to pursue the Imperial and Royal army farther.—
General Lasalle is among the dead.

" The Imperial and koyal army has also to la.
ment a great loss. In General Nordmann it has
been deprived of a very excellent officer. General:
Peter Vocsai, D'Aspre, and Vultassavits, are
without hopes of recovery. Generals Prince of
Hesse.Hemburgh, Stutterheim, and Paar, are less
severely wounded. His Imperial Highness the
Generalissimo himself, and Prince Lichtenstein,
received slight musket wounds, which, however,
will not be attended with any dangerous conse-
quences. It remains to be observed, (hat the
whole army has again afforded such proofs of cou-
rage and perseverance as not to cloud our future
prospects with any apprehensions."

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE

• - -

PO LICE.

LOVE IN SABLES.

M A Imo itAtiouse. —( Before the Lo tinM Ton.).
—Yesterday, a nymph of about 3',1 i t ne forward
to complain of her false swain, a ftegro.boy,
about 15, te whose seducing sows she: hi I yielded
her heart-and sirtue, and agsin4t whom oh, sworn
as theatthorof her pregniney. Young n•.•-ball
pietied iever4l oNectlon%, mote of whirl, would
serteliot ern ; he was rumsnded to 6id bail to
thdpfrili for maintaining the otlcpring of his illi.
c Volt e.
Rolf-STREIT.— AlegiMbk, tin till wows,
in her grana ell...Neter/co% as rianiiii.nl on a Aargo
of hating stolen a gold womb and ittAin, the pro.
perty of a Mrs. Hatching,: of tit. Jahn i's.qtrert,
on Thursday, the 10th inst. from Mrs. ILitchnis's
house at Prildington. Tie hull door hit been
accidently left open, and, while Mrs: Hatching
was up stairs, the prisoner entered sp.! to k the
watch from the porlour. She afterwards pa*ned
it at a Mr. !lam's, in Holborn, whither it was
traced, and proved to hies been pawned by the
prisoner. She was committed to Nelsgate for
trial.

Mary Morris, a servant maid, was also coin.
mined fur having stolen a pair 44 sheets, tbe• pro.
perty of Mr. Ilraham, with whoa she lived, la
Wych.street, Drury_lane.

On Thursday last, the friends of .1011•1 &mute,
Esq. one of the Representatives of toe B rough
of Reading, Berkshire, held their annual venison
feast at the George and Ship Inns.
Yesterday se'nnight, Mr. John Cook, a tenant
of John Brown, Esq. of Salperton, in the county
of Gloucester, by his own suggestion, ploughed a
field of 60 acres in one day, by his own teams and
his relations, none farther removed than first coo.
sin, and all living\within five miles of him. It was
performed by 65 teams (31 of them ox, and 34 of
them horse teams); they commenced ploughing at
six o'clock itt the wonting, and finished with ease
by one in the afternoon. After the ploughing was
finished, Mr. C. gave each ploughman 2s. 6d. a
gallon of ale, and bread and cheese.
On Wednesday evening, Thomas Richardson,
late belonging to the Inland Office, General Pust
Office (and for whose apprehension a reward of
1501. was offered by that Board, under a strong
charge of felony), was taken into custody at
Dover, and, after a long esamloation, committed
to prison. He arrived at Dover on Sunday, and
td iliodgings in King's %pad-street, but having
kept himself extremely private he was suspected,
and the Bodar of the Castle look him into cus-
tody ; upon searching his lodgings a large packet
containing Bank notes anti post bills, to a great
*moon', was discovered serreted in the chimney,
with a qu wily of silver spoons and cash.
At Cork Assizes, C. kaofv stood indicted for
the murder of D. Crimmon, at Srilagh, in the year
1804. It appeared, by the tesionuity of a bro-
ther to the deceased, that he saw, at some dis.
twee, the prisoner with a great club; when he
approached be perceived his briber lifeless, and
saw a bill-hook in the bosom of the prisoner,
who *as entertained the preceding night at the
house of the deceased, where he slept. The cause
was supposed to be a wish on the part of the ion.
saner to avoid being Importuned fur a debt.
This horrid fact was corruburated by a nu 'slier of
witnesses, who saw the body of the deceased, and
heard the well.founded nunours that the murder
was perpetrated by the prisoner, who fled the
country, and narrowly escaped hanging for horse.
stealing 144 autumn assizes, in Tralee, where he
was apprehended for this eiturticr, of which the
Jury found him Guilty.
Yesterday at the Public-Mee, Hatton.garden,
Jose,* Biggswas charged with an attempt to ',mi..
mit W rape on a girl 12 years of age, of the name
of Margaret Streit, in Maliten-latte, Bittle.bridge.
Her scream!' attracted the notice of a Gentlesian
on horseback riding along, 'who gave notice to J.
Hot, theollicer. The fatter secured the Prisoner,
who is a drayman, belonging to, a brewery. He
was committed to prison fur trial tor want of sutfi.
cient bail.

At the late Gloucester assizes, Messrs. Pitt and
Co. proprietors of a Brass Mill on the river Avon,
near Bristol, obtained a verdict with 10,0001. da-
mages, against the Bristol Dock Company, as
compensation for the loss sustained by hailing the
whole of the water drained from their Mill by the
recent improvements in the port of Bristol.
A shocking accident happenel at icarhorouith
on Sunday night last, between six and seven o'clock,
to a Mr. A rmytage, a Gentleman of th it town. It
seems Mr. A. and his brother were returning (tom
the diversion of grouse shooting, and had to cross(
Stream called ticalloy.beck, which was so swelled a
few mdnlhs back, by the *inter rains, as to wash
away a good stone brill ie. A temp/wary one of *lied
was thrown over it fur foot passengers, and as in
su timer it was usually little mot... than uncle dee
carriages drove through it. Mr. A. not apprised .f
thegreat the occasioned by the storm of last Friday
night, pushed forward in his gig ; the hn,se was
mediately taken off h.s legs, and Mr. A.'s broth r,
seeing the danger, leaped out and saved hi.siself ;
but Mr. A. was unrortunately humor away by he
torrent, and instantly over *helm( d in iiiv t 1 mod.
Every attempt was ma le by his brother, and others,
who rushed to his assistance, (leave him, but I t rail'.
The b Ay was not found till 4 u'cluek nest rn
Mg, a few yards below where the carriag • cot rid.
The horse, in his strugglitig, hail W.A.• his
slid the gig was dashed to pier..., tioch a calamity
has spread a gloom over the whole fowl., as M..
ANIITTIGE was a gentlemen, of most o',a(rut,cll
engaging manners, universally and justly esteemed,
and has left as amiable Mow and live children to
4.neot the irrepatable friss of a tender
sativl an affectionate parrit.
,•fat.fl effect, unhridled pagrion.-03 gator.
lay, 'W. Parsons, far Doleott, near W Ils,
*liefing some-dispute wit Ins sun, res;.eetiil4 the
..110.of an us, which the latter ciai bled as his %re,
he tout a 1140, rind after repeated blows with its
killed tile yowl mall nit the spot ; fur which of.
fence he has sieve been committed to Skeptua
tiridciKll.
