FIRE Ar 11EXHAM ABBEY.

NEWCASTLE, SEPT. 25. Y.'sterday an express
reached this town with an order for the fire engines
to repair to Bezham Abbey, the seat of T. %V. Beau-
mont, Esq. M. P. for Northumberland, which had
taken fine at four o'clock in the morning ; at ail
o'clock, when the express came awayi-tlie south and
west wings were destroyed ; and at half-past seven,
when the mail.coach passed, nearly the whole front
towards Battle.hill was in flames, and there appeared
no hope of saving any part of the building. This
magnificent seat has just been nearly rebuilt, and was
inferior to none (except Alnwick Castle) in the
county.

To TilE EDITOR OF THE ST4TESVIN.

Sri,—Were I on a Jury at the Old Bailey, I
would never consent to cons ict a prisoner on partial
and unsatisfactory evidence. The witnesses are sworn
to speak the troth, the whole troth, and nothing but
the truth. Why then stop short at a certain under-
stood stage of the evidence in ene case, or series of
cases, and not so in others? It may be seen I allude
to the Bank prosecution:. In 'cases of forgery, as
well as other criminal charges, the prosecutor is
bound by his oath to answer all questions, and to
give every iota of information within his knowledge
for the satisfaction of the Jury ; and they do not
their duty who allow a witness to conceal any fact
that will add in the least to the weight of evidence
for or against the accused. It is tuat sufficient that
the hand.w tiring is sworn to he a forgery, if there
remains any other proof or collateral evidence to esta.
hlish the charge. A man may mistake his own hood
writing ; the writer has done so ; and as the Bank
has other tests by to !Ault to discriminate and deter.
unite between the origitial and the imitation, while a
particle of rash evidetic,> iv withheld, the duty of a
Jury is ef,nato( ,nixed in deference to the importance
or convenience of the prosecutor. It is well known
that the Inspector, do not rely on the signature only,
when a note is brought to to esamitted. What then
are the witneoses other tests or means of distinguish.
inc.? This is on indisnen•ible question for every Ju-
rymln who regards equal iustite and the lives of his
fellow subjects. Tee proofs by comparison which the
Inspector rrquires fir his own satisfaction, are
equal 4 revisite fur the satisfaction of a Jury. A
mace's assertion even on oath is not all that is necessary
to establish the i; entity of a Guinea, or a Bushel of
Barley. An efficient !::ry wi' I scrutinize the source
viol grounds of his cousin ;ion.
:6th Septenitier. C.

Arenonts from Cbsmbery, of the 17th, instant,
state, that on the 7th and following days, a great
quantity of rain fell, which was followed by a fall
of snow on all the mountains, and a very cold teal-

Perature.
A well-inforn*ll Correspondent says—" I perceive
lay your last Paper it is intended to employ a corps
of English donaniers to prevent smuggling on the
comets of Kent and Sussex. A more weak, inefficient
invention, I will undertake to predict, was never hit
upon. 'lnc only probable remedy for the prevention
of smuggling is a reduction of the present duties.
This, be assured, is the opinion of all the principal
officers of the revenue at the out.pnrts, who have re-
cently again had the question proposed to them to
propound ; and Government, there can he no sort of
doubt, would be a gainer by what may appear to !:e
a concession to the Public. If the present duties were
lowered one half, so that hullands could he retailed
at about 15a. and brandy for 18s. per gallon, the
temptation to purchase smuggted spirits would be
done away, and all the host ef expenses of riding-
officers, revenue cutlers, end of the new anomalous
corps, would be saved, and the disagreeable service
of patrolling troops on the coast, become unneces-
sary."
The number of strangers at Aix-la-Chapelle on the
30th 9f July, was 1-191 : the month of August was
not less productive: September was expected to be
still more so. Thus, at the opening of the Con-
gress, this town would count within its walls three
r four thousand volunteer diploreatits on extraor-
dinary soi ice, a number quite sufficient (says a Paris
Puper) to embroit the affairs of the four quarters of
the globe!
Persons at Vienna, who have seen the presents
intended for the Congress at Aix-la-Chapelle, say,
that their magnificence surpasses every thing which
his beet) seen of their sort. There are, amongst
e, hers, two diadems, mounted in precious stones, cu.
loured in the most beautiful manner, the value of
which is estimated at -IWO ducats each.
Among the foreigners who have purchased shares
in the capital of the Batik of Scotland, in order to
obtain the. privileges of naturalization, are Count
JULES DE PoLIONAC ; Count DE FORBIN JANSDN ;
Count Lust, married to a relation of the Marquis of
LANSDOWN ; and Count bileacea FLAIIAUT.
The Lords of the Treasury have ordered that all
Bibles and Tesiamen,s exported by the British and
Foreign Bible Society shall be allowed to pass duty
free.
The following is stated as the produce of the
Consolidated Fund :
From the sth of July to the 40th of September,
it has proctored
From the sth of July to the c..'Oth of September,
1817, it produced 6.080,003

Slaking an increase of . X ,350,000
of thia "um, we are told, 350,0001. is on the
Duties of Customs, and 850,0001. on the Duties of

Excise.
A poor woman died on the 13th inst. at Cabot's, in
the department of Lot, aged 106. The day after, in
the Aline town, the Wire of a Sieur Ayot was delivered
of three sons, all of whom, with their mother, are in
good health.
The intended fAcilities to' the commercial inter-
course between the West Riding of Yevrkshire end
the United States. whicb we announced some weeks
ego, are now afforded by the establishment of
Consular-office in this town, over which Witt.' am
DA vir, Eiq. the American Consul, presides.--(Lees
Mercury.)

, ,_,......._ _

STATtSMAN

-

D UMW- Lii NE Til EATR E.

Citway's Tragedy of Venice Preserved, was re-
peated at this Theatre on Saturday. Mr. Fisitca and
Mr. CLEARY aiain sustained the characters of Jafter
and Pierre, in a respectable, hut by no means in a
manner eminently successful. M re. WEST, a► Belri-
rkra, was well received, and displayed a consider-
able degree of merit.
The Trsgody was succeeded by a new serious Melo.
drama, called Sigesmar, the Switzer, founded upon
the following incidents:—
Gant Sigesmar, a Swiss Nobleman, who had been
proscribed by order of. the Austrian Government, be-
comes a wanderer through the districts of Schaffhau-
sen, disguised in the habiliments of • pilgrim ; but
being overtaken by a violent storm, he seeks shelter
is a neighbouring cottage, where he is hospitably re-
' ceived by the inmates, a wood-cutler and his
'daughter. Here he discloses his real name and
situation, and throws himself on the generosity of
his host, who, note ithstanding the threat of death,
held out against those olio harbour him, contrives
his escape into Zurich, where. his friends had pri-
vately assembled, and sworn to shake riff the Aus-
trian yoke. The woodcutter, however, having been
convicted in furthering the escape of • rebel, is con-
demned to geath, unless St .:revisor deli►ers himself
up to punishment. The &lathier, distracted between
fear for her father and the patriot, who has also be-
come her lover, after braving and encounterieg va-
rious dangers, at length succeeds in preserving both,
and delivering her country from the chains of slavery.
This tale, although simple, in the baud.; of a man
of talent, might have formed the ground-work of •
pleasing trill's; in lti present in..ietice, however, the
author has totally failed in exciting the passions of
the audience, and in producing that dramatic effect,
upon which the fate of Audi productions mainly de.
pent!. The situations of the characters were nt once
unnatural and improbable, and the dialogue, al-
though not without merit, was yet extremely corr.•
mon-place. Mr. If. KEMBLE, as Sigesmar, was all
the author could desire, but was unable to arrest the
impending cond.emitation. The house was indulgent
to the last—they heard and saw all—and gave filial
judgment against the piece. It Kai not announced
for repetition.
After the performances were closed, s large pm-
tint, of the audieuce.was detained for some minute,
by a Gentleman in the stage.ons, who several times
addressed them, but without being able to make him-
self understood. (laving amused himself tuns for
nearly a quarter .of an Ito ..!r, and as he manifested
nn intention to retire, an Officer at length male his
at►pearauce in the boa, and a short scuffle en.ued
lie was at length prevailed upon to leave tne box,
and he quitted the Theatre attended by a most nu•
merous retinue. The Gentleman, we understand, is
a Mr. M•I\AUGHTEv, sad his eccentricitis•s have, we
believe, brought his name before the Public in a si-
milar way on one or two other occasions.
The house had to boast a genteel audience, and
was crowded at half-price.

Miss M AUCAULEY gave her second Musical and
Literary Regalio, at the Crown •ud Anchor Tavern,
on Saturday night, to a respectable audience. Iler
Lecture an Elocution, respecting its advantages In-
wards the education of females, displayed the know-
ledge of a superior mind, and her delivery was grace-
ful end impressive. She displayed talents of an es-'
tensire range in the Petit Soarer. Her singing was
also ftr above mediocrity ; but her recitation of
Mary the Maid of the Inn was a master-piece of
histrionic declamation.
A Dramatic Bagatelle, in one Act. has been read
in the Green Room of Drury•lane Theatre, which
is said to be " the retort courteos" on the petit
piece of Amateurs and Actors, at the English Opera.

h OSP.
Miss O'NEIL has acquired more money since the
commencement of her theatrical career in town, than
Mrs Stoctorts 111(1 within the same period, and Messrs.
I.lkror and KEAN more than even Mr. Ginnicu re-
crked within a similar time.
MUNDEN.S tarewel benefits at Manchester and
Liverpool, netted him nearly five hundred pounds.
INct.t.noN is performing at Newcastle.
The Moniteur says, that the chef d'cruvre of
RArnAmerhich was in the possession of CHARLES I.
of P,,glsittl, is now on sale at Paris.
The own English boxers who are on their way to
Aix-la-Chapelle, were to exhibit on Monday last, at
Lille, what the French Journals call a grand assaut
de bone.
Prince BLUCHER is so far recovered, that he was
expected to be at Berlin, during the visit of the Em-
peror of RUSSIA.
Although the hoesrs, taken at Ait-la-Chapelle for
the Sovereigns and Ministers, are all engaged for t
wo
months, the Congress is thought likely to sit, little
more than one.
JOSEPH LANCASTER, the celebrated teacher, has
arrived in New York, by the Washington, from
London.
A slight shock of an earthquake was felt at Aquila,
in the kingdom of Naples, on the Ist instant. For
some days previous the ground was cowered with

snow.
A great novelty was witnessed at Chepstow. on
Wednesday seinnight, in the launch of the first East
iediaman ever built at that port. She is called the
Bristol. She glided into the river iu the most ma-
jestic style.
Coax EICITANGS. SEPT. 48.—There was a good !imply
of What this 'miming, trade brays., and fine samples ht the
1 same price as on Monday 1 ,st.—Barley at a decline of 24.
1 0 its, Beate-, and Peas flout le. to 9a. ebeaper.—ln other arti-
cles no al triali cccc .
Wheat (English) .... '7O 68 Grey Peas —..6l 68
New ditto - • .... ...... 70 7d
Ditto (Foreign) .... 70 90 Old do.
36 40
Rye 56 65 Tick do 66 72
Barley 44 70 ' Oats
New . — Fine do. . .
Malt 76 86 i Poland do. .... 5‘..... 34 S 8
White Peas 76 b 6 Feed do.
New ditto.... ....... j Fine Flour 7O 751
Ditto Bolles 9O 95 . Stieonds. . —
SMITHFIELD MARKET, SEPT. N.
Ti' mr.k the Offal, per stone of Mo.
Seer ..... S,. 81. to ss. 0.1. I Head ..t Cattle tots day
Winton . 4,. 01. to 5,. 64. Beasts i
Seal ... 5, Od. to 6, 4sl. Sheep and Lambs ......14.600
Para . .ss. 04. to 61. 4J. Calves .M3O
Lamb., 4i. 0.1. to ss. 61. Pier
HAY-MARKET.
Hay ... . SI. 0.. O. t . K. Bs. 04.
1 Clover ...
....
:. bl. Os. Od. to 91. 9s. Oa.
Strati 1. Os. ed. to 11. 14s. Od.

MARGATE, SEPr.2b.
lIIINSTRR ASO ITS DEJUNE.

Thisdelightful retreat has lost none of its therms.
Here may be seen the triumph ref the vegetable reign
in its useful magnificence. Toe distance from Mar.;
gate it six rails, and toe land is flung about by nature
into such bold inequalities, as a barrier to thereat
northern sea ; and it is, such are the accomplishments
of art, wended to the water's edge. •
The gardens ire open ever day for publiC break:
fasts, and dancing on the I-twn. They hie- heed
well attended this season ; an 1 on rh.rsdar last, the
company was principally compose" of birds of pas-
sage. The marquees and alcoves resembled the Pari-
sian shops of the usarchcuules des model.
The number of people who leave us daily, by the
steam-boats, excites surprise. 64 Where dd they
come from ?" every one eaclaims. "Ft Orel the op-
posite coasts," reply the fishermen, " France and
linlland." This morning (although assailed by f-gso
rain, and sleet) Ibsen hundred persons, priocipally
fe nales, embarked on hoard the Victory and the
Favoerite--ithe sea tranquil, wii.i a gentle bread
from the east.

ABSENTEE.
r►-

The article publisher] a few days since respeCting
Johnson** definition of the word Excise, has tempted
a Correspondent to indulge in a little research, and hd
has fallen upon the term which heads this paragraph.
We often hear the espression in Ireland, but all our
Readers are not, perhaps, aware, that it has been in-
vented to designate a class of Irishmen to whom much
of the misfortunes ri their country have for centuries
been attributed.—An " Absentee," says Dr. John.
son, is a person who is " absent from his station, or
employmr lit, or country." The word, he adds, "is
bs •ti commonly with regard to Ithhmen living out of
their couhtry." The great Lesicographer proceeds
to illustrate its signification by wimples taken f•unt
eminent writers, and he makes the following remark-
able Tiotations
Theo %tat the first stature made ngaint absentees, commanding
all sucii.t. had I on I Ili Ireland, to rams and reside titereutsau.
Jtr Jana Dnum. an Ireland.
A great of I.l.tates in Ireland are owned by
and ..11t• IP. draw is; the profits raised out of lretaad, ictuod2
.1 g —Ladd.

I.3loAKw4TEit•—The equinociiilplaq hair. coon-
menevti. end ou th. 210 mid 231 inst. thy prnvPd

extraordinarily violent from thesouthward and west,
ward, which occasioned a heavy pressure of the sea
against the Breakwater. During the former day, his
Majesty's schooner Sea Ltrk,,the Thalia East
man, Providence cool (nig, end Pilgrim merchant
sloop, of about 60 tons, were in the Sown% the
two first vessels being moored in gond births, the
Providence nearly where the unfortunate Jasper
lay, and the Pilgrim close to the Metempos Sh.tel,
in the most exposed prat of the fleertil, and not
far from the spot whence his Majesty's late
acncioner Telegraph began to drive ashore. They
all rode out the storm in safety, and when it had
abated, the brig and sloop went into Cataatet. On
tise 23t1, the vessels in the Sound were his Majesty'.
ship Spartan, the Sea tailc, and the 'Paella, which
sustaitted the gale with the sante ease as before, and
report highly of the shelteting protection afforded by
the Breakwater. Notwithstanding the ((try of the
waves, not a single stone of the fiuished part of this
structure has been injured or displaced. Toe raising
of th, est-ro aim already begins to have the most
itidoence on thy anchorage, particularly
from half ebb to half fi.md. Mr. StoLEY, the Har-
bour Matter, with his usual tent and activity, was
occupied for the greater part of the 21st in cruising
about the Sound, and attending to his duty.—(
Ply-
mouth Telegraph.)
States' Navy consists, it is believed,
of three 71's, viz. the Franklin, Independence, and
Waaltington—ef five 44.guit frigates--three 36's—
two 32's—one 20-gun vessel--ten 18's—besides
ral smaller ones of 16, 14, 12, and of smaller de.
nominations. There are four 74's on the stocks—
besides frigates and smaller vessels. We go on add-
ing to our navy as fast as we can obtain well intoned
timber—and it is thus we may go on, until we shall
become, as Bishop WaTtort once predicted, the
greatest naval power uu the globe.—(American
Paper.)
Greenwich Palk, doting the last solemn, under-
went several improvements. Some of the old and
decaying trees were cut down, and a vast number
of young trees planted in various pails of the Park
in their stead. The greatest part of these young
ttees have died during the late hot summer for want
of water, and have again to be replaced.
MILK.—Thursday the cow.keeper', in the vicinity
of the metropolis, held a meeting, end in conse-
quence of the expected dearness of fodder for their
cows during the winter, they came to the unanimous
resolution of raiaing tfteir milk a penny, that is to
sly, to sispence a quart.
HACKNEY C9ACti.OVVICE —On Friday, the Com.
missioners cnnvicte.l the following coachmen :—The
owner of-No. 67, in the penalty of 104. for not pro.
(lacing his driver to answer to a complaint of exec.
tion.—The driver of-No. 396, in the penalty of 104.
for exaction.—The owner of No. 432, in thepenstty
of 15s. for eviction, and 10s. for not appearing to
the first summons.—The owner of 091, in the pe•
nalty of 15s. for misbehaviour, by wilfully driving
his coach against the complainant's chaise.—The
drivers of No. 7242 and No. 786, in the penalty of
101. for each enaction.---The driver of No. 881,inthe
penalty of 10s. for election, end 10s. for misbe-
havioar.—The licence of en owner was revoked, for
working a coach not sullicieot for the public service.
On Saturday night, between 10 and 11 o'clock, as
a party of journeymen bakers were drinking at t
to
Job's Castle peblic.house, Its White lion.street,
Spital-fields, a dispute atme between two of them
respecting their trade,' and' they stood up to fight,
when one of them hit the other a tremendous blow
in the pi( of the atomadh, when he fell and instantly
expired. Tne name of the deceased is James Wheat-
ley, a young man, of elcelfent character.
bans, assisted by
Saturday
muil%tVl9ooAdy,arenOthtehre terffinucetra,batpe of C
prehenhdaeti
• young
g and uttering
Boulden, oa
auscuttker.gtheuutionfauina beingtv Leeds,
cr
so ni ofh the
rdo . in name
f o►g t

1 : -
A )?
)
1
1
: 1

.TcT
