Frs■e.. The trade of tobacco Implies that of snuff
stew, pod almost every Preaches's, frees the black-
ait4th'i appreallie up to the Havre COMET-ABIA in
Ake, snuffs or smokes this odoriferous herb, and
many indulge both nose and mouth with the foreign
vegetable lesury. It need ant therefore he matter
of surprise, that the wary patriotic part of the Chem-
, ber of Deputies are jealous as to the manner of both
collecting and disposing of so fruitful a source of re.
. A singular application has been made, by way of
petition, to the same Chamber in favour of a man who
claimed the confinement of s pension, originally
granted to him for saving lib@ life of BONAPARTE!
Although our Courtly scribes la favour of Idagitimacy
woe'd advise the kicking sash a Petition oat of the
Senate; )et we cannot see a more reasonable demand.
We say (and so would the above resumers, upon op-
posite grounds), that the soldier should not be a po-
litician, as hi is bound to to the orders of his
superiors is command. Ile prese►ved the life of his
Chief Commander, and by t►at act of personal brave-
ry he is entitled to the notice and reused he received.
—Cnautts 11. of England might as consistently, as
generously have continued a pension to a corporal of
woodier., who hod intrepidly haaarded his life to
save that of esea OLIVER Caomwee.t. ea the field of
i battle.

By the 'streets from the Calcutta Papers, which
arrived yesterday, it will be seen that the vast plain
of India, like the vast fare of the ocean, is sweetish,
tranquil. After ot.e greet coulic►, as ie the case of
a tremendous Iterates', the surface sinks again into
a calm. Bet the elements which agitate the moral part
of that vast empire, like the planets, which awaken
and call into action the vast body of waters,
contain iseabassiible combustion, and we can
never espect to be without some satiety for the
continuance of peace, however confidently it may
be proclaimed. These (Latent, these valuable pos-
sessions in the East, must ever be objects of soli-
citude, as well to the pride, as to the fortune and
welfare of Great Britain. We think them of sn
such consequence in every point of slew as to call
up in es some observations of a general nature, whirl.
we
have more then *ace been ready to eller to our
Readers. These late accounts of the little ereptions
is the neighbourhood of our India Sovereignty, will
not fail to hasten their production. Indeed it ap-
pears that in 'ewersl rich districts io the very heurt of
India, perfect tranquillity has never been re.
stored. Two adreisterons Chiefs, tole greatly
!celebrated among the Hoare's, named Snsrkn
DULLOO, is now it teems at the bead of a train of
followers. Another aspiring Chieftain, Arra SAHIB,
is also collecting his forces in all directions ; and ho
add to all this the Inhabitants of the late PLI•11 WA.a
territory are dissatisfied and restless, and as is ap-
prehended, would be glad, and reedy to avail them.
! selves of an opportusity to try their fortune again in
hopes of a more successful result.

A colemperary Journal snakes a fierce attack upon
a provincial one, because a writer in it has predicted
the fall of the Wnt India Islands into the dumittioo
of the Americans ; and that the trident of those seas
will be wrested out of the hands of Greet Britain.—
Why there is ISO usaccompliabed event more probe.
hie. It has been foreseen for a long time past ; but
since the cession of the Florida' by Spain to ilds
growing State, it is become obvious to the most super-
ficial Stateless.. Is a man then to be blamed
who predicts a misfortune, as though he were the
author of it ?--Why not throw his Weeding
on a *elfish, conceited, place-loving set of Ministers,
who have bad the wielding of more power, and the
disposal of more t►easure, ten times over, than any
equal number of men, from the origin of the British
Monarchy ? And in what way have they espendanl this
money, and thrown away this force? Why, in rot-
repting a Majority in the Senate, and in opposing the
introduction of opinions into these Kingdoms which
might render the People less tractable to those doe-
(rises of slavery so necessary for their own coating-
ases in once.
