kir. WARD the* reed the Report if the Cowed
Coiataittee, which was as follows : 1
" Drury lane Meow, Sept. P.
" Tits Graved Veermittes have the rati.f.riie• to Wm. the
TeetteWten. Art they baeweetteermi is every werwer teem.
ssroara by the Petrel ettewiebte Avid they Wm. is comer
greser ef she lumen vowed ie that by the Acts of Pasha-
ant, grafted • hew of the Theatre fee 14 yrar-, at • rear et
idith.l. per ammo to R....W. Illiwes, PA . to the saw of the
leist bark teeep••• ef Pt
" They OW, eumb•.ce an:regrf. ask!, ef teetifylag heir
4seste.dabs seal end abblisy tle Select Cuateit ee laws mei-
Sad thetetehOes the e.werloi et the Joint Ste 4 t essyray.
" By Order et she Graml t eteleittee.
- " V. W. WARD, Me.*
Whoa 11111 had bees read, do nsows, Wag *a
Imam of Oto Godless's to p out, were dews 14
-A oat at the glass its wheel they %VP., deposited.
'''i*lot ' - --- - -

W ih..
Om otkvn.

pertiairy ao.
folerserre4reheashoom." red
•• Sy order or ttatieb.Comminee,
" C. W. VI ARV, arermary."
Mr. CALCIR4I,I said, that after the Report which
had jutt been read to them, it was quite sonecessary
far him to add a single tyllable on the selject. Tire
Moot Committee had sled their best modermoars to
briul the 'drift of the concern into that favourable
,situation in which te.ey at present stored. The pro.
petty had been coookierably improved, teen doting
the Isle champs; and from the spirit. conduct. and
energy which Mr. Utiles, isle who* istausgenwill
it was now pat, bad exhibited, be was catetinred that
the proprietary moat be satiefied with the ases4,
sores which had been 'doper,. If any thine email
be done to retrieve the Thentr• from rain' hi?
sas certain that it would bit Now done. Mr.
Billiton was ankh% merry preparation to nom
the Theatre in a stunt tome; and the Kari, 01%.
not more from a aids of enhancing their ow..
prepay than of teeing a man prover who 11.0
emegy tc eodertalte se large a concern. overt to prey
that be might opt" it seccessfully. The Centimes
of the Select Committee mere entitled to the thanks
et every lover of the Drama; for it was admitted ow
ill hoods, that it was au object of importance to t►em
to ham a seared theatre*, a seals commensurste with
do of Cotent-gartioo• lo say Ise that, he had so
initiation of throwing set any insinestirms egoinct
lien who masaged that theatre; but it was evident
IMO osmium, that all pers... possested of toe
mob power were apt to emir's, it in a mammy which
well booeficial to so pusses eivpt
(Hew !)
Me. CAOCO Gactreatt. here entered the room, to
wheat Mr. Calmat detailed what had been already
date; after which some discussion affne en the ne•
comity of electing somber Sub-Committee. When
this gantlets had been decided in the affirmative, the
Chairman and the other Gentlemen of the General
Committee left the room, bet is a few misutes after-
, r..rds ?et 'toed with the mimes of tlic Gentlemen who
were to compose the Sols•Committer. They were as
follow :—Sir T. Tattoo, Colonel Doggies, Johe
froase, George Robins, and John Cvirraft. Firs. ;
aid of these the Proprietors eapremed their approbs-
tips as soon as they heard them. Mr. Sosne. as Mr.
Galardi stated, had kindly offered to bosom, their
honorary architect.
Mr. Hostas then took the opportunity of inform-
' iort the Proprietors, that the dirties of the Sab•Cons-
' Witte nets now merely nominal. All that they lad
to do. •as to see that their property was sot demi-
' mewl. end that the money received at the theatre
well ntahlly appropristerl to their one.
Mr. WALlaa •ished to say a cord or tws ow Ike
tatting of the Theatte. A• the Nage •Ills how groat-
4, ouch of what he intended t• say meat of course
foil to the ground. Ile could not help obverting,
that the eller et Mr. MAR Rai 10,1001. per esses,

Away ill. lowa which cestained 'bat

eves-been opposed by tint Cootsmittee.
Mr. Lownets modedoeise observations marital'
1;4. groat antoeut of tie eontlogest espenees of the
T' Petry, which be owderstoed derlog late hens had
twos little less thee 150,0001.
These 'mart• elicited others frost Mr. Gate-
' eau. sod Mr T. Terms, who said, that the spoo-
ks of the Tllestre, on word oseaslool, could wet
ban hikes place, inept for tbe liberal advises? of
'Mr. P. Moon.
I The matter, after sew briber digests'.., wse
isferred to theettesideratioo of the Seb.Cowwittoe.
Whets this discontent was NNW, Mr. Gutsier,
lbo stated himself Its have bees a bidder for tbe

, the. Went blinietfy, it shall be thooght
_ ,t to abolish this religious usage, the Budget no.
ant be presented three days afore the coo-
messennet of the Satins, for three days will Dens;
leerily bee:speeded is the prelimioery beldam. Pre.
Illebty the author of the tornado( intention, wished
I. have it understood tbet the Minister of Fiance
(Boron Laois, •r souse such ether) will eel delay oho
presentation of the Bsdier. for three mouths, as was
*no lost Session.—(Jorrnel der &belt)
Tie King yesterday gene s private sediment td tbe
Cardibil de Perigord, sad transacted boeines with
whh the Minister for Foreign Affairs. Ua Ma-
jesty took an airing to Rainey.
It is said that a foreign °line who had escaped
from Magdeberg, bus ben arrested in Banner by
Peeosion agents.
irsbal Mermaid set out yesterday for
otters private business calls for his attendee, relative
to his nisjorste is Illyria.
The (sigh!! Ls Dechesse de Berri, consmanded by
M. Dinah, Obelus'''. de Vanua, smiled from
f: Orient the 46th sit., destind for Coyne*, sod
from theme to Martinique, 'sprits the squedroe se-
der tie order.' of Rear-Adairal the Baron Deperre,
who is ordered to protect Ise Freud commingle the
Amities.

.....
Morns' Spelt is goo. fo Sella Assaf (T.ro)► his
owls* ptu•, with his foully.
Finch Fin per Costs.—Setenisy, 73f. ISt.

CIPB or GOeD 110PN.

Can Tows S —The Calfni had bees for
some days perloctly gait; bet, ea the Sib of last
smooth, they showed themselves in coasiderable force
at the Upper Calierdsift post, which they surfeited.
ed and smirked. Capt. Birch, .f the Ito's' Afriain
Corps (•ito estimates their sembers it between three
sod four thousand), received them so warmly, that
.hey were sot disposed to persist in the attempt to
carry the post, sad, after skirsaishlog for oboist an
hour, be drove them of sith considerable slaughter.
We had one wan slightly woeuded in this stair.—
This post is situated on a high book of the Fish River,
street 12 miles from its embouchure ; it cautesands
noe of the priocipal fordo used by the Cares is their
iecorsions into the Borevetil.

By recent stisices trees Graham's Town, it ippon
that every thug there Is proceeding quietly, and that
Livetenotit.Colonel errangetoooto are le
ss eseeh (premiums as the cireeerstances of theme.
son toold hate given r•einn to espiktl. The Coo-
mender hes the Cape District marchod to Jestetioo
Drift en the tith of last month. Jespettere Drift is
so called, from the port being situated weer the spot
where this Little Fish Weer fells WI, the terse ewes
of thal ease. The horst" et this detedeseat ate re•
• - '

son of the ivoseltee of these self-regnerated Paden
we feel that wean were thee le • British flew..
Coatooes : to nett, that ire are le a ties& ellen
pound el Cretunte, Foam, Linen, tail..
DSTIII.
Aaeorrote, MAT t3.-1..0a the goes** far On
tongue of • Sento, Dell Fseteasisiae Thkeinni
eon end erste me fellows t—
" SeeorPreskleat of the Ceegreek—Thennidem
of eatlesal liberty or slang is delenened fhe
Lome of pulite anrenty. If din ruin Jo Owe!
sad serrepted thep neer ate he fen; 11/

•

*beim, sad still shakes .
for three handfed year% her
metier has oppressed her.
slimy and vales, .as .f
asters with strew; embeds, hem. pewee
of prejudice with fifteenth's..? ..ores. Bet,
alas ! hew meth blood, and how May seerilima
have marked ibis intellootaal triumph my sopeoid.
it.. sepperied by despotism, sad one despotism tip.
I ported by topatitities.
" Our debated's'', is penile( Set billowy of
bleed end barren, will hardly bellige that Om
Veneseeliaa was wreeght epee to eller.
his teem civilised brother, became he dared
!oar that Spain, lesteed of 4mM/V Mai bee
!oar
me like slams. TM Kies Ist eft
oar a.ly enster—overy merchaet, say,. every Ipito
Mud, looks epee es as hie Oemsemaa
T.l'l6ElBll, every pith* editor rob M.' led Dries
apse II every species of veastleas„ iv, aro boors
',fished by a lead el imposts t.• oorlob aims km
Speaiards,• he 'ppm to hem thei we ewe berm usty
to be the iestremeets of their pewee fed the mem
of their personal sgersediamatent ; and MN to phr.
tieipate in the divilen of riche, sad power. At
. what point is this shamefel slavery to cowl 14 I.
already time to rise sad thew that we MI/mg to intr.
selves. The moment le arrived for esaatipatieg me.
selves from the tattier of a ersel step.sether, *he
Veda forth her is is pillage Clad beasifiste et. OW
powers ate fully admeste lithe &heft of ear rights.
Gt Is all arm I. hoadUty to h trod, to erreo6l, and
I. avarice—in as establish justice sod dettaltights--
let m sever recordist say ether emerelgity thee eve
own will, eameatine from the majority of ear votes—
lot es mess to be the stave of the seperstkiem,
_fte
misttmael, the imperious, sod Mimeo Spaniard—
let es aft Wager appertain to a settee which has to.
lerated, aad still stiffen, a inform & to paremelle troth
sad reason—le short, LET vs ea ftaa.
" Se for from sttemptisg to emits tot divided Wee•
teatime—se far from removieg cameo of cempleiero
sad such jilt maims fir shaking of the Brattish
yoke, the hulks raise the warboon. god ay.
arms ! to arms! my brethren, God hss delivered
, over these hermit" these tomtits of the Xing aed
Cod Ur estmednation.' From the pulpit of the
loth' of Mercies, they pithily, Infoliated,' Desita
the whole ',pore sot my hiker ea my brother, If re.
brie or 000tpiratess egstett Ski Ltd is 661/
isms.—All wino disobey lacer the peotolly
death, sad everlasting deeseatine. For them male.
hoots the jaws*. hell are open; but for yea, the
gems of heaven, where yes will receive that gar.
food whit year Monty to year Smoreige treaties
yes In;
66 The form of faaatielma infesed la Weller in.
gooey; rooted by s Half, leg edicition, established
to etrtegthen sad perpolute the fatten witch stokes

. t ,
-v, • -' all Ng' -Ir.. 1 ' '
-' A
_
LONDON, Milk/MAY irMNING). SEP2'EMBER 9, 1819. bola TO;
,
- -- .
6 The room for which 'barber fait Vibil . awl Stittisr erred on the ScsAtt I! ” I
.--------..--..
Daum fat iis TIMITIM • y s realise to lay eat 3,0001 before he ewer petted to be in very geed order. The Ssolloobneob
the Thifftti. Commender arrived et Grahams' Tow, eo the 15'is
. .
A metal Assembly .f the Thant RAmmd,ft It! Caadoefit Mild, that the Getttleasen of Ms of May, but thylr hermit stoesstsch fatigued, sod very
ilits '
last Compels, ,d Preprissoes gas hold
.0.1 Comolliteebed Mho story oiler mid. to theta pose.
two o'clock, is the Selves of silo Thereinto ' mi , . IftedSaiklet Oar had *fleeted the best free Do!aebisewts of the Nth mud 54th teglemote 'Mi.
purpose of receiving the Reports of the C "hid was that or Mr. gliistoo, both in point "sailed to rilsforee the army en 0 • frontier. .. .
and of OWN% fresh Mothball its plea of this -. emst, mossy to he kid sot, sod security. it wes
. _.. ._,.....
Members gale( Ipy I?ts oat of the Gaunt,. . liellltvieg to them to fed, that at the present stoutest rill VRI4 BISUBLIAN voisstaless.
mitts,. .. • • - thlit t.eld base let the Thistre- *vim epos better
The Chair less set liken till three o'clock, *obi wee. oebb fuse at which they had &pow of it.
It h IMPOidal. that Ogg: anew' *lso logo l*m. it
to the thin alteopleocs of the proprietary ; Ili that Mr. Maas (tie Sanitary) obsereod, that the eller
• •
flaw as thme espeored oo likelihood of a teller ea* ..it A. part 0 yr. media bed 'awe thseogh en (mod ors bell." 161" ". "I 0! 4 t . dell,
Nobly, Mr.. Cat.coarr was celled to the Chair.— spout el Mr. Waters that the spot of Mr. Walker out), *Mould be otbetwili thus ow
Alter lbw buoistesi for which the Meeting wet cam. hid sat Ana,.. fee as 0 sew ppeeeed ebet be bed maims that ewer. we.. .
~. . %...
nasal bed boos sleteil,by Mr. Word. Mr. Oskar. . be,b,dbod lb 0. Two was sot the bete of the
4.41.4.
put misillor . —..-1,..,:s .:
*gg.,' ;10.-.
so to the Propririoie the neeepilly eitehaliall c taleeemeitteo • diet MIK »4 ifeall"011" beim. le ii Is ague seibearlibrit:4. 4 ."'—.l. -*
filtillibille .1 eke Ileb.Cometittee mesh G. ' * . Alliet qll4-11fteeity Mid Wore those. He
DAM• • , wilk •., .
`ha .i 4 both lesilme--*4l%,,,gaveseellehlvtto hest '''' "Sat effet the saws a Mr. Ellis... had sh•oi et is As cis~itifreht IN, '
Ithatatitireas *Mill Ven HWY 60 fell gads, lbeir bees d-wlevoisothe perm to whom dm Theatre was &irides Hi human bolsi Mama to the Iltimeellill
loi*Milifilen. ii.t, a snood leader bed two swede by Mr. Dibdis; hew Libestir renovates his feeolileg. in roan
kr. Wass this reed the Report 44 lb° Gnefal hat ih• louse 'Web cesteised that leader bed PA amms di fibs saaarfias at Ikea a asitiv•eameat•anailais

Mt bet st me ram is ware gntY wr" "vr"'s'''' she stated himself to bare bees a bidder for the -
....Thelat fell apes Lord Yarmouth, Mr. G. Robles, Thiene, sad to hare impeded all the books of It is "4 4 -eel home. do, err "" "sis 6' "lam
ar. Joke Net, Mr. R. Wilkie, Earl of F.ssez, sod 4,,,,wien,40, b,,„ testimony , lb. cease mow ii, with* Lisp of Spale HaPossi the tomb el
Lord Sires. *bleb the summits of its seessestest hod always asliserlay, by seam of die rtcbis which heat?
Of three, Lord Tinsmith, Mr. O. Rabbis, sod
vimeetiaeged. This testimony ells ordered to NAspics. see upheld II by tioppesserges ofiliii*".
Mr. Richard Mhos, were instead, tit.tioroas Non 4 the Josrasis of Cl. Cosapsey.
whit. "I' Welsh. Me. lobe S""s ili."1"14.1 uThoolts were thee severally used to the Select tedokatabill Put l a trikaitriat.ka
glob;Foktr lastAtintaligiliglasamattka(4ll4llTskao.
sad Mr. T. Aar*, were sebstitetid is the. roe. of Committee, arid to Mr. Calcraft, the Choi nof
lb, rianon. • ), ta present Welles ; after shish the Meeting ad. id tb"Hket a dlah4onak tell•Obtsthe Isfdili,
Ihs IWO d ib• it i.e "I lb" jeereed rise die. width dist out from Unit dosisiese Shoelace •
reeds—. —....-...... of Best which meliorate the lestilefiells it •
•,,,
' .` Wm West Committee hovercraft rulleist i
tiewS.
rr. . . FRIIINCII PAPLAS. hestibil 5.115.1, *hem wise liberolity
Pr "••••• tom Eel. as tact are riot s• tern • Rey .. . . . --...•••.. eel with the absolute sway leder WU& ROO edit
ereirosim to their ;absorb. 5r.....
" bays Wendy used (Sr riiaascomweesnril low iai . 10.11 or Royal Highsess the Docheis " Bat !short pitied kasikkat 1.. • a
Zra resisra, Itood.hotecrt, sod untretmeM.noil Whom r•-. 1
1 -.414,,, Dodoes of Berri at P Rims. •
etepd try the bitterest Oh. ibe
" "Ibr.v now Report mot the Getteral C••••Itt•P gille:ra ' . Prisons, who ',joys escelleet 'at end thil is se yew) 'lf
provid nr ov name ad rnotri.i.... at the leap• eft sow helmet mortise is tbli ,e_A „adios
is Pt. Ellimm, sad eery low alit day ressossi its leas wish ---4 Wei— . war mpat were Doi owthiliZowe
Mee
•, Itiiii=teemaltlce hate fon A . ' - 'nr. .• , &wits Nimes! tinter, sir snot •
11 a•• 1 tb° J• • ""t dish Cootie to mimetic An *WAN eat
IlliVlloll Ws • beet itimpleted . 4 ~ Ni ... el .00
mime es to AVM WNW 4,„„d„,..,,,
...4. u ....e.•v.* ne,, . t taw --.N.,...„, i - ea& ea tesselltilt the Ilene theirr
heir so. to ma rot* -' • .4-......4WerA never. ' •as
... ...„,,- -~"*-"'• ~..- • pliff.eishe time of Chorlia • •
a. surf Gait. torortat i t or a fka ehret".• :.a`o ••• Stmar te PINIAIt Xigrootet amorflifii rya we% . • 1"--• 7
mat. .or as .hr attteresst. lav l', ese lial i' .11" 6° tof Ueri W° to 1111411 public Hallehor legit - -'•
ettml. end by the General oti halikosisisiess whiling hom „ ' 111 Memel" 4_ statessest. The Ist of .
lies sad lieperstitiost great festererseilesert ' ,
Imo, ii. , memaird sal siesint. ' ' hoe is Ore restViel of An Solos; lied hitherto tkat two await woks t.
.1
pormo,Thl "11,,,,lsibididimb Ibl'lmie„,,,,Ft 2:4 kliakkirae*„,,,,a,,,,b,ll",; ItOrpodes have edjeensed rim the Seeds,. sad 44 vaaanata_ .110;4.1'64 iede11e""..r..4,4....u.
M ... im Me sooldoont *IA Rbie• they hoe amt. 'daps. Soppnoing, however, that by •so of led .n. we're" ____..
mammy tyrisedeed oter, its
tore!! beis •. It order et Iltall•b•Cemeitlee the hippy isseratipas, IN wall reetrived sod Ile• oak", sad still shako *split too
which.
f "C. W. WARD, Seivretan." sated by the present IN Wetly, it shall be thought •
fee Hint handfed yeses. her sod SOO env-
Mr. Cucatirr said, ' •. ..
that after the itrport which P6PIN I. %hid" this religious "Si t the Budget cut. adios? bee oppressed bet. 11/ peodhilee at Imo.
bad kilt been frail is tam, it was quite ooneeetsery
sot be warmed 'Ohio three days after the cos- „a... sad wear, wet or kat site, atilaksik,
far Mm to sdd a unite satiable mi the retied. The wierniost of tits Sillies., for three hays will *Leah ..lure eith strew; sheds, bete eoeilistooll the power
