---- ..
~' I.OIII),FRENCH.
.. 41 Cord Wrench had sharp sight, and '
coed riot .
•-•-050.........
in shoo, in ihis
! , ..1 see Witness: • Witness wished to speak, bet Whene
.. ,41,h,..Costolvett's . ilhhuhre.. . . . ,
• •- i *Plat' near hien, LOlll Ftresch walked smartly off.— events at valiance
h• Alt was held on Saturdey 'hl htfibill• pa' _ , _,_ during the long
the thha;l74,:he Imo Lehi phhhich lei
tilmeh . Jen :From his manner witness theoglit that be Might ban
_h •
A oar-' had a deal on band. Had conversation with Lord • reign of the present Fithaitiff bis .People, three-
When Mr. Whitbread's-health was ginn,,Colonel , fifths of our time, and as govei a portion. perhaps of
man lieoxan wended. The wench,
*was round Ffrench after, and thought him grate iscessident Irmo.=
.speke as follooh:
stretched on the four,. nithh our. property bare been spent upon &heels 'err
pistil 'in each' hand, . both is mind and conduct. Itemarket, when he, Creatlemen,—The ardour eeeited in me, in com- &piddle one would think of reasonable adjustment
• the feet...fingers of which. •Iseher•epoilee to th 6 'trig- ,iwentliedie• that he never saw Lord Meech in nth a' anon with'every person present, m the mention of emenrepeople'pretendini to any deg of civilize-
hers. ft wenld appear that the unhappy Noblema
*es standing in the middle of the floor when he shoe I,• this Una, overcomes the reluctance which I feel Lion abate our magnanimous friends and Om, the
R Daly, Eaq. was next examined. lie was an • anon any puldicacusion te obtrude myself; but no Mohawks.
biswelf, and that he felt against a table, upen oho I ' .'•
N.
. .
0 . oleo in the 95th • was related, t• the late herd Me who tattleeros• . Memel( *boot the welfare of bur angels against this: Republican Gkeerntabt
... the centers of which home blood was discovered. • It '
.Ffrench.; returned from foreign service ea Monday. others
was the left head pistol that he used. Rea phlfed it., Celled on Lord Ffrench on Tender mpecoptemplate without eke. higbent•oltitodea Pugs Petbar, be:moved .for having Invoked es, as
,
, • Nisi Lerdshie.. .the jallexible integrity, and the Missaahos eigileace web as !Avows people, in calumny.; for whiggreater
to the left temple, and the ball essayed throe h'th - • •
& e ran to witness and kissed him. Ile saw et:worms, on. of Mr. Whithroul, not only in. oweeemeorne-liatinh,alamitf, to •an honourable people then disgrace?
head. The right hand pistol was aliecharged in the'' The eda 'in II • *
enrt-otd rect., Witness
o wee-taliting, those of the human race: be is Weed a gaping and."( wo have net yet wittiomedahe cootisgration of
, fall,, and its content", after passing through a .Cheir withr anThaffi eked, tie Lord Concentric 2 his comprehensive beinevoleace intends oer lowa, wocatutot boast of the escape of.ost ships.
Judged in a wooden partition under the nsiddlearin., mance, but he and *
e seemsl buried
d. in thosight. Witness! to the remotest circles, his ambition being to improve, If our stone walls are yet erect, our boasted wooden
slow of the chambee. Both instruments .were setall sold, ss I
He
yitoslul, •or
Lorded Fftench- tat lie got not to destroy his kind. How is this splendid can- w s have been laid unmercifully peostcake ; And in.
;bet must have been strongly' charged, as the re! no, answer, a
ports were extreme, loud. In the pockets of hie , ey*the hero. ter F., and took him recto contrasted with those little people who are for d .what man whale feelings -carry •him beyond his
Lordship lsis stopped and asked many . ever busied in finding jestifications for their own 0 a Jittle concernshbot. riot bewail this kind:or loss
Lordship SOIOP sheer and a fen immaterial pa ears ', • p ears quabons but answered none. •• He ultimately took measures while , no foreign policy is held excusable,' on oth 'sides, alts conning misfortune? whecent Ye-
• Were found.
' ( witnesi 4. the hand •and kissed it. Whelks was unless it •is calculated to cooperate with our own ilea unmoved on the ransom of industry hod skill,
- Surgeon Ireland bleu **tenpin . ed the bed a
yt -e- convinced be was hi an unseated stetsofmind. • • deer do • • domestic wisdom. A notable specimen of this deducted from the common stock of homey pro.
• oared himself of opinion, that " the deceased came ' J. la. Byrne, Esq.
knew Lord Ffrench teeny years, ;. self-sufficiency, has been very late', given to' s from sperity, in the destrectionela thousand stately yes.
by hie death -in twasequence of a bell havingpassed . and
;leas on perfect tertns•of intimacy with him. He. our Cabinet, and addressed to the Houses of Perlis. sets? Burn ' k d dgeth • •
, sot , an oy—this is the inhuman
.twough .tbe head above the right ear:" . met his Lordship on Thursday
'near Charles.strect, i Inept. Our Ministers, in this document, accuse the watch w* erde-ais • be. this •
hess o, panty, ss the barbarous
Matthew Rawdon was the first witness examined. and he passed witnessapparently ingreat die. ;American Government of. bating " wantonly in. cante-nhaeeuemy—who hue canoed the enemy ?
He said he was an *pedant of the Hon. G. R. ceder ofmind. I ' by, I
the r
nt .e never acted similarly before. On volved its people in the calamities of war." iss- are there any tan people
.npon earth. such natural
Ffrencii, son of Lord •Firetich.. He saw the de-
hdco contrary,
,was invariably straw. deed ! who would have expected this from a.coantry frienhs etehrelatious,ao useful, so extensive In their
',hosed alive at two o'cleek ou Friday. fie spoke to i r. Isaac • Cabe knew Lord Wittiest which
__apeadhotttile the whole of its' time iu qearreis. hiterceutsehtliateary one of
.these thoutandhessels
.h. Lowl-Ffrench at thee -leer; end was desired by his' stated himself be Ffrencb.
ton an
d apprentice to ' late. James withhits,nelghboors ; gootteasy men ! are they really so souk and destroyed, but 'witted hevebeeti rendered
johaship to write his mita to a paper that lay on i Beaty Attorney. a great intercourse with his 1 serious .Is war admitted to be a state of siehering ?hr reciprchilly beneficial, had not-this Ere-brand of war
the table, Which heilid. ' Wit asked what the ! Lordship' •
since October, 181 Q. Sew hiss last in the' Is ,Government which hastily so involves •
t its people been wantonly thrown between theta? Bet, if our
piper wee,
abut received no other answer than that F co
; oar. nets on Thursday : had a communication to I really blemeahle ? And do we go about to separates !Ohio.. et desirous of extricating us from any share
be writhe write his name under his Lordship's, and . make, but though on business of importance, which Ipeople1people from th •
their Government; a practice so repro. iei this mischief, how can the ertecutors and asshres
then retire; Lord. Ffrench was continually walking happened to be ' •
isatisfactory toles" Lordship, he ber..l bated in the early stages of the French Republic ?-e of the great Statesman (of all men) inculpate a Goa
• ' kick oard tot forwent *while 'witting writing.—
had.
tin.drat away
i without uttering a wad. He saw him stop' Are we instructed in so jacobinical a doctrine, that 'eminent for involving its people is) calamities, free
' His pace Was extremely hurried. When 'wit eva timesh and. port himself in aMI which left ! Government may act in opposition to the interests • which We have josh as if by miracle, escaped ; cant-
signed his name, the deceased observed, that he bad. I. no doebt as to his derangement.' 'h -• ' Of the people? Oh I Gentlemen • but this is a foreign . mities such as have no .parallel in history, which they
written very low, Witness was in the room abOut t Doha Ffrench Madden,, Fe knew &cot ed •h• Government; and •'d ' 1
I in i. bee es, , the Americaet ere ac.i were warned by the best friends of the country to
- five minket: . ileilient. into an opposite room, midi l Saw his I
inmate y. ,ordsbip on Thursday, when he . cased of an offence oupardonabte to the feelings of i avoid from the begtnning ; and which. as they grew
• continued thei Whit SO minutes. He clime set and appeased ia so unsoul state of mind. • Met him at i self-love; they have preferred the French to our. . and thickened epee us, becoming and worse worse,
ete le dm tabby,, .and talked to Richard Caseerty,. Hoteliers', and heard Ida make several obserratioro selves; Ido not know the fact bat I suppose theta !inevitable inextrics bl • and
• s sareeil. 'He resnaloe,l in the lobby about eight or- which could drop from no one but a nen labouring to have recollections—that it ' • PP
hi '
guided ' • lei
• Is-
our.
inal
escape
ree
` ten minutes, when the mae parted witness. Ile went. mete stointellect. Pe helpedthem • was
ahniar enemy
! tt'
. inletPutlii°ll' for
svh4l" human
foresight
r. rong aberration
• era to Lord hfreach or the- ram where •he was
,• • .4,-.- Packeubam, Esq. was the next witarm He venting to imps* that definition of slavery
.upon •to ite hitherherms than those of foll lej •y, °sec., en-
hance by tweet.: the • door there was a thick smoke. , was in the-room opposite the chamber of Mr. Ffrench th • em,--taxation without representation. Gentle. cipitanhyr slid wantonness. Searcely, •boweter, is
The obit bad been fired before he entered dist wheu the shots were fired. Ile noticed the attendant men, lam no friend
to nooses :--the only coo- this peidlence subdued, before self-love begins
- t apartment. lie went in so far as thst he observed Bowdon coming out of thereat in extreme note' genial feelings liaise towards thatpeople, erjse f
ram. again its operations; its dominion with that of the
•'. 'Lord biretta covered with blood. 'this It• dasked ' -Rar - e '
of
ion, an What was the wafter .e.- *don the love freedom, and the chief respect I have for Hotem of Between, are. all. resumed with the
half an hour
after he signed the paper. On re. intimated that there was a horrible sight, and wit. its Government,out of the anteater regard same fit f 1 of
grows ; net u netts the past; and after what had
4 gehection be declared he heard two shots. He Mess,with Mr. Smith,and Rewdon, hastened'
he which-it maintains .for- the rights of-the people,' and jilt occurred, ,ire tnay expect to betold by the abet.
pea the first in the room after the shots were They found Lord Ft a the floor Weedingand
tea on . for its love of Peace ; beyond that, .1 em inclined tors of that . frightful struggle, that the mired
pro
•,' Arid. Mr. *Packeh6in entered the room after. I lifeless. rather to feel disgust from haylog been early, impressed " indemnity" has ahlength reached us ; that suffering
watts. 'Witness was no way alarmed at the shots. He The Rev. T. Coffee met Lord Match an hoar or (by about a yearos vendetta amongst them) with humanity will have received ample compensation
• thought they might have been caused by someofthelads two before the shots wore fired, and he exhibited elfr their coarse and disagreeable manners. • But it is our from the benefits of Lord Grenville's Gagging Act
amusing thennelves. Mr. P. observed, in a joking symptoms of insanity. • Ably to resist the impulse of unjust feelings: those being extended to Spent ; and from Mr. Calming's
manner, that the probability was, that soil- MOD After the evidence
,closed, Mr. O'llwrza adaltand i reple have
rights
which we ought to -aspect, be. favouritedoctrine of making a stand against popular
shot himself. Witness, after he eta . *hp! the Jury with much footing. Ile could not wee*, cause they are founded on justice, and hare their encroachment, being likely to coma into fashion
• the matter eras, told Mr. Peckettliam thee • woo bow it was possible to mistake the state of the ill. , origin in that divine founded.
rude
ma us of Our Feerieur, "do again, along with the Jesuits--that the 66 rnisfor.
• a dreadful sight in the next room. 'Mr. SOYth, Mr. fated Nobleman's mind, after the deer, circumstan.,' unto all men as you would they should do unto you ;" tunes" of " high station" are likely to be placed
P. and u itness, entered the room together. They Holland concurrent testimoney which had bow giros ' and this I take to be the Duly Lin of Nations. Lt generally,
under
theprotection of a Censerhand that
observed, that 'Lord Ffrench wee teed appearances by so many respectable witness". . I es not thiuk to escape a eigoioul exiiiiiiition of . a loyal people cannot fail to rejoice that the right of
death Witness saw Lord Ffeseeh 'boot eight o'clock' The Joey, after stew minutes' deliberetien, brought ourselves; we know that men can beer Whine easier partitioning territory, end keepias acconats of
an Friday morning, at M'Doirneit'i Hotel, Mary- in the following verdict :•••••44 We find that the late than they am Walt. What tumid ea Coy nun t population, has batan to fe -' '
e ri s rn . om an usurper, and re.
street, where he learned that his Lordship would Lord Ffrench came by his
death by dischargiaL le and welch/awe dew if the egaierican• Reprzga:hli I stored to the illatrions inventors and piton*, to
breakfast is, College. ffe saw Ms Lordship two or 040 implied *ilk ball through his h*d, beiega to - traneanshelike, clearretaneMed stevtofet whom the privilege of right belongs. We •ntay be
three limve after, and it Wes ••olowrved be looked volty 'who lisie iu a state's( insanity." ; - to direct where, and how that Ala should navigate, told that we have gained a kingdom, the title of
ill and much deranged. Witness did not believe 470 detain, overheat, end feta these into their can ' which ;lone is worth the sie•hundred millions spent
pampa v.vas in the room after he signed the paper. It ' ''
THE PROPERTY TAZ . ports? %Geld we Not chistise mich insolence by in the acquisition. Indeed it matt* on the basis
. . 'A letter Was produced, which appeared to be sealed striking the first blow, witheet "tweeting to be see • of,teme such calculation, -that is founded another
....eme...... •
with a ten.penny.piece. It was directed to the . cased of having wantonly Neared °amine hi war' 'orange in that famous:deeming:it, that •• ourfitonsies
•Hon. Thames nr..nch. A desire was expressed that About WO of the Inhabitsats of Westminster nett —But then we have peculiar and exclosive rights,' arc .in the most flourishing condittos s;" and Mr.
' t should be opened. Mr. M. °Tweet oihected to :on Wednesday evening at the Crown and Lecher • which this rebellines'people hare refused to acknoti. • Tierney his . not satfitiently reedited this secoagt
It. being touched, on the ground of its being marked I Tavern in the Strand. fledge; well, bet whatever those rights may be, tidy : tils° IT laid '(is is reported of. him), that tide was
" private." He contended. that in point of'law its Mr.• Wisuarte was In the Chair, and explabted the • have grown out of, or have been conceded te, I* :i falsehood, put lino she mouth of the Regent—ibis
• was the exclusive property of the Gentleman to object of thenteeting, which he 'aid, was to cashier ',superior maritime strength :—I say nothing to tide :ingitires farther explanation for •in any way of res-
. whom it was directed,, and that no one unauthorised the proprlety•of a Requisition to the High Ratliff, to ,
' practical argument, which is called, by way of .end- 'soiling,
I T•teduld never persu'ade myself that It is arat-
by him could presume to violate the seal. cult e Meeting of the Inhabitants of Westmlasteer I
• pence, the logic of Kings; but, we should not have ; ter of rejoicing that we paid texes,,loot •yeer to 'theMr. Coneys supported the arguments of Mr. to-take into consideratien the propriety of Petitioning sued it to the Americans, as our Negociators amount of silts million,, and that witkpauch eves.
crD•yer. • I Parliament against the continuation of the Frilled, bawadosso et Ghent, when they want to stipulate • Oen (en the part of the collectors, it bas been raised
c a •
Dean Ilaire, agreeing with both Gentlemen, ob. •
fax. • thst-the Republic shall have no navy on the' Cane. •hbia yeatto sixty-two. Believing as I-dee, that we
loved, that if he found the letter he would have Major CARTWRIGHT urged the expediency'
a 44.1.0 ms frontier, 66 because we are the stetetbr Power'.!' [owe 800. millions of guineas, and • fireilng -as. I slo,
pet it into Ms pocket, and delivered it to the person Proceeding recommended from the Chair; sad sea la a Thus do our infallible Cabinet blow hot end told ; that •myincomeit. miierabiy cuttailed by the laces.
en•olan, it was directed, os his exclusive property. long speech, dilated upon the system of tandem its 1
„ with the aurae bench h and that argument, so uuan. sant operations of the haz.gatherer, I cannot help
The letter was banded to Dean Haire; and the ex. this country, so fee back as the case of Hampden sa.l seeable on the Western Ocean, is abandoned on • suspectlegswith
.Mr. Tierney, some error under these
smination of . the ship money, contrasting it with the state of tasohNee Lakes. But some of this anger may be kindled , flourishes, siore•especially, as some hints have tree.
Matthew Rotation was resumed.--To a question Lion in France. Healsoadserted to the Slave Trade, 'evilest Mr. Madison, and the guilt imputed to him, ; spired that the war taxes wilt be required under a
put by Mr. M. O'Dwyer, he again ensnared, that Lord t and dwelhopon his favourite subject of Parliamentary; • of wantonly involving his people in the calamities of SI peace. -.stow-absent -
; if this incredible statement
• trench walked about the room in every hurrh ial Reform. war, for assuming to himself a kingly prerogative, 1 should he tiros, .bow cheering may be the speack
manner. Said, that the paper which he was called to Mr. Weextut followed in nearly the same course. lead goag to war without being regaled,- hitestati frOm the Thome next year, and how prosperous a
twag in print. H. was again questioned as Mr. list:atm of Cecii.street, strongly recom.. with the right • divine ; for violating the statute if! peopheto pay 00 millions of gnineaea.year for ever;
his sensations on heirhig the shots. aod he an. mended the proposed meeting, and deprecated
. the in- Elizabeth, and setting tip the trade of an offeesival gaol how well the Chancellor of tbe Exchequer is
t •
troduotion of extraneous matter. the Property Taxwarrior,without being regularly bred to the bode , epinainted obis our feelings, when :he shows how
peered, that he was not in a fright or otherwise.
was the sole object of consideration. It had nothing , nosh • r
.-ofelly •we toy the Income Tax. It', however,
• C. Hughes., Esq. vru next examiad by Mr.:M. .
• ("Dwyer. He stated, that he knew Lord Ffrencb Ito do with party, or France, or ship money. These 1 But if involving that peoPle..isi the calamities ofs Up isioswal of that Tax should be necessary, he is
subjects were totally irrelevant, and should net be; war ise culpable, I would Me -know from tlfe rakiletennieed pot to shrink from bis duty.' This
'Mans years. Ile hod seen him about too or three !'
O'cieck on Thursday, hi the hall of the Farr Courts. ( mixed with the object of the meeting, which 'venire(' i survivors and repenouratiseg in tiro Cabinet, what jileargehmtips of that dicer, who is said to be.a
Remedied to himself that he looked too gay for ft i their whole and undivided attention. lle, therefore, 'Government it was that so involved them when they -Worthy pmt',, 'feeds us at least some hope, since his
tan under his peculihr circumstances. Ile dined i mti advised the to lay aide all those tolitcs, and cool
i were our own people; and whether the terms et duty extends Se the expeoditere as well as to the re.
three limes in company with the deceased within the ; fine themselves to the sole and immediate purpose of peace, and acknewledgment of Independence, which . wpfpl; so What will relieve, as well as what, will op,
last fortnight. Dined on Toedday at Ratcliffe's ! the meeting. • 4 closedhltat disgraceful stevggle, did not take *nay' Oa"; to send payment for squibs and crackers,
Beef Stake House, on Aston's Quay. Lord Ffrenchl The propriety of the requisition was agreed to, and ell justification of that war, set only in the mind of taw* led, thwepery, as well as to disavow them i
i a Committee of fifteen, cousisting of Mr. Wishart,
. every reasonable man in England, bet even of the' to peyote 0 gigerous abridgement of the income of
en that •day' appeared perfectly inconsistent. Ile
I. sus. Mr. Brooks, Mr. Henna, Mr. Search, &c. wee Government itself, although it has unfortunately left,
_every public permet, dolma to the standard of fait
drank nothing hut small-beer at dinner. Afterwards
mediately appointed, far the purpose of preparing the au ingainmatiou, and an affected contempt' towards i wages, to begla a the sth of. April, as well .as of
Ire called for one glass of rum and suites ugar, sod
1 Requisitioo to the High 'and the Resolatioui this an Repoblic, which, after rankling for 30 years, ', oar owe, owl Of the borough-mongers will • &Bow made pooch. He iudulged in a variety of Nan.
ii . propmed at the inset ig im at length broke out with all the malignity of an ; him) to plue these of' the highest class within a reel
sisteitt observations in the coUrSe Of the eveulng.-- to be
,
Witness was particularly struck with some wild ape. - - . hereditary disease. 1 reshoisthility to the peeple, and to shake. off-ho the
cialations on the comparative effects of mutton and Notworthy, the
baker, is matched to fight hales • One say venturetruly to sly, thus • much of outs last fang, 1* *savorous body of animate/hp whick
venison on the constitution. Previous to this periodt i a baker, who beat bins on a former occasion, kit, Aro emoitobtg adversary, altheigh it should differ some. :Us: bee* m* e hmg need (o fat upon us. This is
;
what from those who can see -nothing bat wiedom ' Itligh I expilekteme that excellent person, who has
he considered Lord Ffrench owe of the most steady, was beat easy by Dogherty some years ago., .
1-
cnltected, setisitsia, and clever men he knew. He ; Many et the Capital prizes in the' last 'Lottery ad magnanimity in our Councils. As to the poker . . hisedt —to the resplutien• of net shrinking
• I ilirind icr
appeared much gone in intellect the three times wit. I were sold the were first Day the Tickets cash" oat.— a prankish an act Of hostility, to be avenged ati then his duty. e have Ma something consolatory
areasaw him. hut on the last occasion, his insanity ' This circumstance will, in some inemore, atteireist for the distaneser WOO wiles, with ell-the bitter tepee ON* the. Heinle of Lords on this pabhaeth no loss
l the extraordinary demand which took place fee` ite Heide eleitkhast, 'nothing need be said.; and upon . than theodmissis. of the Premier,. that the measure
leas peceliarly obvious.
J. Ormsby, Bs+ knew the late Lord Ffrench 25 • Tickets of the preterit Lottery as soon a dello* othesiWieditif policy, let merchanti and hamlufec. lO f rnewleghtii war teem, capnot take place with.
' out-the consent
Mark .haw him at one o'clock on Thursday, is . issued ; though, in our opinion, Fifty thaptial - lasesawiseat. I while cal to review the toothier of
.of
;ear •cenatitotlenal (medians—the
Ibis easosidien against a Foreign Goverment, lead i Legislature. The result of such 4a
,appeal we may
:tare-street. Ile appeared gloomy and heavy at ii - intlediog Two of Twenty Thousand, and T4rli*
distance.. As he approached • him, witness obsened . Ten Thousand Pounds each; in a Lottery of I 'tee wagdoor...oftstiritiltic each a subject. What
•may :gategerilly anticipate, from their unbiassed judg.
that his eyes had an extraordinary glare. Lord - Tweets, present other andbettor reasons for no oriiti be.safhhafehenreelves, for awing wantonly aide woheamentaahand tender partiality for .es ; and, above all;
• 'French saw witness, bat he held his bead down. it 1 phisisse. . othen'Spaln and Realms* ? Bet, dams, perhaps, pal I,
)I.4tHle commanity of interests which mast seer;
5... seithleVers WM be ready to extenuate these he. .'t • %linen those who pay and those who 4011.
Was possible that he might have passed him unnoticed; l Cons Even 41,103. Use. 16.-There were no-fresh urine acts, _! ,
• envy or Prato SS. la 4a. irr# cause thaillendant calamities did not reach us —bn. troll, .
but his appearance made so deep an impression es of Whew, alai 11111 OW! at
a rrltattay's pri -Goal Oise ...,,..h. ' -r. •
retire Marley remains at douse, forsooth, there were none of our blows r Upon the whole, therefore, w• bade enough in
his mind, that in ten minutes after hes observed to a rather dearer ;preemie), sorest.. chraper.-Ice oilicrertieleta. - : „ . .
_. • ~, r-h.. " . ,:
ep at Copenhagen, or Deeded over to iseramotte, uprespect to make us as content and cheerio! as we
friend that Lord Ffrench looked very will, and hid atteratioss.
..........- , nor any Of our. helpless wives and Andrea sunk is.' bore been. The fieurishing revenue of Hanover
all the marks of derangement. . * 31111T1IFIELD tdARKET.-Dsc. 16. . die Spanish frigates. Is. • h. hsll. afford us adeauate indemnity for the money
Robert T. Blake Foster, Esq. knew Lord I
To sink die Offal per some or ele. .
The excessive sensibility of-th Oovereetent, in ins. titittch haebeen laid out in purchasing the title.
Ffrench, was connected in his family, Lordl -
..*
has Beef .N. Oe. ter th. N. Head or came digs doe e
HOG, deavouring to *void involvirth ate ewe people is thi ' Ai to America, It may be formed Into another very
totem . _ ss. on. if. 6k 44. Reines
Ffrench's daughter was married to Ms eldest brother.
..p_rl::
e .... 1c 04. op IS. 6t. Sheep • . 3,4i ' saiamities of war, ie certainly 'very praiseworthy, , great and powerful kingdom for us in , a blessing re.
Herm him at the Four Courts on Wednesday. Ile , : ..,, tee 01. sale ed.' Caner
lee that, coupled with the sandal to avoid imposing version, though not yet publicly avowed; it being
appeared busy. Saw seniettinig strange in him.— t Imo ....as. 01. to 01.. lit. i Mos
Passed him by frequeutly h ;thew a salulatioa. Ile i
114111f-111111ANT. burdens upon a ("idiot people, commoisly glans the purposely the intention of the advisers to surprise
• .
- limy • 41. es. ne. ,so N., Or. liJ. time le this Miuisfenal ,petite ; yet, wan are' es, and for that reams the details of oar late vita.
&ever payed hie ilebee in a similar mangier. He
was in the coustant habit of spec 'll vitaess. Mate it. 06. 01. a 01. IN. M.
tenor U. kee ca. ft U. lie. et..l •
found to be so sealtesrl, sat so just; so aura& nes are withheld ; but when that country is rose.

Ot 811112957,A - • . .
_ . .
... 1 _v.- .. s . - -..- • .
but ' toWeeirhtte :4tEkrtivd. ..• '‘s , . *thi its 'ciao) ; 4 ist-- iortUns. ely, ,
n 'he ANNTIAL wiliiiiiiit.isr THE FRIENDS 0# CM'
..;pa Mau* hi ibitilmi ts ipt Inman e:
F.— •AN tvastAiiious• tittinint AT LIVIMPOOL ' with his paternal, solicitude, that
man of the present 'Father of WI
