MANCTIKATER PURLIC MRRTIIIO.

Thi. follswiel is s espy wf • eircsisr which Ise
I•pon womb/4y circulated, sismosschig lis hisashis-
f.r M••ti../

l'oblie are reapeerfally -Infonned. fist • lilmetire
4 e b. Id horns Illanday. tie IN% at Auta.u. we the area sear
F. let's I bomb. to tale into rovniderefien obeisant speedy
r remind sonde of obtaining Radkat Preform Its the Cann
t :loose ei Parliament. brine fully esaeldeed dint nothing
e m renneye the intolerable rush wader Whir the Peeples,
tree eouatlt %tie ae Inolg and do .till graec sad aka la ens.
tite_erepeiety of the narepr rated lidiatittnats of Mem-
. : Into( • p. hos ha reparows dim la Martommt. sod
Aug mailer C.artwrlities {Anil la be taken as
1. ..'ett:et;
" A. 111.1!1T, Esq. Is die [bale."
Of these Meeting', many well.dispored Iteformen
inoaperable objections ; and se shield wt,
.111
other and better mode of W '' eide'. the al oefit'
hooken.lmaited people with the hope if redrew' could
die devised. What man *lin has watched the traits
1.1 dye patriotic idro.is of Sir FRANCIS BURDETT ref
41teatt twenty years lo the Hesse of Commons, can
People of Fallout) In rest their hopes on the
citkre of the Commons finest. of Parliament, to re.
ecot• the weds ostler which she nation lies. The iv
vette-sit speeches of the worths' Baronet heirs beets
roved to be the whole Assembly. perhaps with ad.
miratimi, bet they have been replied to by a Minis.
4,441 majority, and then the matter has ended.

MAINCIIRSTER
_FFMAI.I REFORMING

SOL 10. 71'.

TIIF. MANCHESTER PFMALR Rrroauuar AD-'
Oftt-vt• • 0 THE DIV t. NOTNEItik. SIAFF.R•.'
•AED One • DTI Pe DFW 1 11l HIGHER ADD MIO
MING LASRES OF %OCIETY.
SISTFIRS OW Tat EARTH,--It is with a spirit
• cf pewee's, cr nsidetation sod dee respect that we are '
iorteeed to address you upon the carom that have
..Ampelled us to asseciste together, and the miserable
partners of net woes. Bereft not rely of clot sop.
asrar the calls of setoff regnirt for existence; bet
t! e halm of rivet repo,e has long been a stranger le
vs. Oar minds are filled with horror and despair,
(earful on each reterning morning, the light of Hymen,
alioold present to us the corpse of our famished of.
spring. or nearest kindred, which the more kind band
of death bath 'flossed from the grasp of the oppressor.
The Sabbath, which is set apart by the Alleles
creator for a day of rest, we are compelled to em.
clot in repairing the tattered (armlets to cover the
nakednees of oar forbore and destitoto families.—
Kvety succeeding night brings with it a Dew terrors,
so that we are sick of life, and weary of a world
where poverty, •retcbmineso, tyraeray, sad injustice
have so long been permitted to taiga amongst men.
Dear Sisters, we feel jesoiied in staling that ender
the oppressive system of Government that we now
live, the use fate that bath overtaken es must
weedily be the fate of many of roe, for it is laid in
the word of God, " Where the carcase is, there •tli
the eagles be also ;" and this we have proved to di.
otnnsttation, that the lasy Borneghonengetingear‘its
of destruction have neatly picked bate the bones of
hose who labour. You may then fairly anticipate
that when we are milted with the silent des', that you
will become the nest victims of the voracioas 80.
rpugh.tyrants, who will chase you in your tern, to
misery and death, till at length the middle class of se.
riery is swept by their relentless hand from the face
of the creation.
From very mature and deliberate consideratios we
ire thoroechly convinced, that ender the present eye.
tern, the day is near at hand, when nothing will be
("end in ear unhappy country bet toasty, idleness,
.11.sipation, sad tyranny, on the one band, and sh-
ied poverty, slavery, wretcheilnem, misery, and
death oe 'be other. To avert these dreaded evil., it
it your defy now, therefore, to unite with as as
-werilly es possibly, sod to exert your inisence with
your fathers, your hotheads, your sons, your ft.
.lions, and your Meads, to join the Male
Orion foe conotitotiosally demanding a Reform
.a their owe Room, vie. the Commons noose
44 Parliament, for we are wow Thoroughly con-
tinua, fee oast of loch timely Reform the ..at motel
classof aerie.), has been reduced toils pencil degraded
state; sod but for west of such a Reform ilia Coglish
~.ties would not hero bees stamped with that disgrace
tut having filmed in Ile isle unjust, enneeeslary,
and distractive war pipet the liberties of France,
:kat closed its dreadful career on the Mosses plains
,if Waterloo, whore the Wood of oar fellow.erntoree
Bowed in tech mighty prof's''', that the fertile earth
,creed to blush at tberrettego offered to the choicest
rtlcs of Heaven, and fora space of time wet slatted
aitb the polluted draught, till the Almighty, with a
grows *pen gni aggressors, thaw a roil eter tbe
