40.
"

and observed, that they might inform any British •'
cruizer they fell in with, that the Emreaon was
advancing with great success and rapidity. We
had no means either of confirming or centre-
slictieg this repnrt, ‘not has .thernbeen say far-
Iher intilligienie received Item. France since yes-
terday, which induces us to 'believe there is no
'foundation in it. It we were to rak an 013Ini"
of our own, it. would be, that no each battle hes
taken place; and that the Russians will not hazard a
general engagement until they reach Moscow, which
;will most probably °terminate the campaign by the
rench taking possession of that city," anti dictating
the terms of peacc,
With respect to the battle of irnolensko and Va-
lentina, though the loss of the French may have ex-
ceeded, 0: n umbers stated in their Bulletins, yd still
•thes succeeded ; and, from the immense preparations
which NArol.xnx has made for the subjugation of
ALEXANDtt, we entertain very little doubt of his ac-
complishing the object in view. The loss of a few
thousand men to NAPOLEON, is a matter of
very little iNortance, when we consider the
number of 'his colleelive force ; and experience
has taught us that he always proportions his,
means to the magnitiade of the undertaking. Tbel
population of France, aided by her numerous allies,
undtir the cbntroul of NAPOLEON', too strongly tor-
. roborates our assertion ; and if the eventful struggle
in which we are unhappily engaged, is to be conti-
nued until the resources of England or France are
exhausted, we are fearful of the consequences that
may ensue to this country.

After viewing the ingress of the French into Rus-
sia, and their egress out of Spain, it is natural to
recur to the state of our domestic affairs.—Our little
sea-girt island, by nature designed as the peaceful
boundary of an industrious population, has, from
ambition and avarice, extended its powerful influence
into every quarter of the globe ; which influence,
having been directed by men, whose private in-
terests have superseded their public duty, has, by its
accumulating power, rendered their prowess vixen-
troulable,and even placed their Monarch, as well as the
rights and liberties of his subjects,at their own dispose'.
The heart sickens in contemplating .the consequences
that must eventually result from the over-bearing
progress of this political phalanx, towards subduing
the native feeedem of BRITONS, and reducing to a
state of abject slavery the devoted sous of Albion's
once happy Isle!

FROAI THE FEDERAL. GAZETTE. Yvir3tl. Hitt
Extract of a letter from a Gentleman of high re-
spectability at Natchitsches, to the Editors of *he
Notches Chronicle, dated May 10, 1812 :
K I am not able to detail you any partienkre no-
wire to the revolution in Mexico ; but, generally,
that the. Revolutionists are in great force, and ad.
vancing this way, and it is expected will cut their
way through all opposition, so as to open a free com-
munication to this place, where they will be sup-
plied with arms, &c. (if not men), to enable them
to complete the revolution. Colonel BERNARD,
who left this place last fall, for the seat of our
Government, has returned here again, and some
persons with him, and are communicating with
the Generals of the revolutionary armies of
Mexico, relative to future operations. The present
moment is pregnant with important events—a few
weeks will unfold them. I hope within six mouths to
see the citizens of the United States pass and repass
as freely throughout the present Spanish dominions
to the South Sea, as they now du through their own
country.
" The pass between Mexico and La Vera Cruz, I
believe, continues shut ; and the Revolutionists have
intercepted all communication between Chihuagua,
the residence of the Governor-General, and
Mexico. The troops of the Royal party are
deserting and coming in here frequently, and say
that FERDINAND THE SEVENTH'S party appear to
be losing ground fast. They have been trying to
engage some of the Indians in their favour, but
have entirely failed. The Indians are inclined to
favour the Revolutionists." •

Our Readers will observe, that not one of theTrea.
Burl, Journals has ventured to say a word on the
subject of the dissolution of Parliament. A strong
presumption thereby arises, that it is a measure es
the tapir; and that though it is not ripe for avowal,
it is not thought decent to deny it. There are stories.
of revived negotiation, upon which the event mar
hang ; and we by no means think it is finally decidedi
either one way or another. It is good, however, fee
the Friends of Liberty to be on their guard.
We have advice' from Quebec of the date of the
30th of July. AU males approaching manhood, and
-under 60 years of age, were required to bear arms
for the defence of the Colony. General HULL had
proceeded from Detroit 200 miles down the river St.i
Lawrence. On account of the deficiency of specier
paper money was preparing, to answer the demand!
on the Government. We believe that from the same
cause, the sum of 80,0001. in one pound Bank-notes,
has been sent from hence to Quebec, for the purpohe
of paying the troops.
Government is using the most espeditions efforts
to send out reinforcements to the Peninsula. The
91st regiment, 1100 strong, is, we believe, at t
moment, embarking to proceed to Corunna, there bit
Mil
receive Lord WELLINGTON. .
A ridiculous report was in circulation on 'Change
yesterday morning, that a beat from Holland r---1
found drifting, in which was a bottle, containing
following leconle noted. " Great /fere which
born in Gorsloarneer.lins dead at Smolensko."-
language of this Da) el 9 is pure Cockney
