jej ,
.

1 !

the secret, took it for granted that be was negociating in the
name of the Constitutional Ministersand for Constitutional
objects, with a view to a general amicable arrangement.
The Constitutional Ministers may have suspected his aims,
before they announced their design to sup-rsetle him; and
JO submission to the Regency may have been as much the
effect of resentment as of treachery. As "in making his
!Nmalmslasion" he proposed conditions which "it was rot
" thought proper to accept," he may have conceited the
notion of suggesting some modification of the Constitu-
tion, with a view to preserve the appearance of consistency.
Be the cause, however, or the extent of his defection
what it may, its consequences are not more dreadful than
that of a Itessieres or of a Morillo. The desertion of a
General Officer, in the midst of the divisions and struggles of
a nation, carries with it very little of the strength of the ar-
my. 'The abairdorred line which some of the Spanish leaders
have thought proper to pursue, have had as little influence
on their troops as the desertion of a Demourier on the Re-
publican army of France, or of an Arnold on that of Ame-
rica. The desertion of a bad officer gives room for the
promotion of a good one; and in the defection of Dallas-
taros we perceive no occasion for regret. Before his la'e
engagement, in which he lost his military honour, he Lad
done nothing worthy of the force that was entrusted to his
command ; and his previoits conduct furnished sufficient
occasion to suspect his ability or Welty. Instead
of collecting and strengthening his army, it ap•
pears from a private letter which will. be found in
one of our preceding columns, he parcelled it out into
sm4ll detachments which, united, m'ght have been equal
in numbers to the French, but when divided, were notable to
resist theta in detail.

A Turkish Mail arrived yesterday, and brought letters
from Constantinople of the 10th, and from Smyrna of the
211 ult. At the capital•nstbing important hid occurred,
but the accounts from Smyrna evince that the Turks per-
sist in their determination to make the present °buten a
war of extermination. An inroad had hen made by the
Turkish troops from Smyrna on the iiihattluttil* of the SW.
rounding district, and wore than 000 individuals had been
put to the sword. The slanghter might, perhaps, if
lance had been made, admit justification from the usages
of " civilized" warfare, but a liossile movement by the
Yacht' of Bosnia into the vicinity et Vollo wastntrked by
all the atrocities which tbnally distinguish the ,incursious
of barbarians. Twenty-fore villages have been laid in
ashes by the fury of his $ ildiers. Two of the principal
villages tendered their unconditional submission to the
Padre, but it pro limed no other effect than an order to pot
all the male population to the sword, and sell all the women
to slavery. These atrocities, howevrr, produced the natural
result ol inflaming khe Grei ks in tie highest degree :igaitiiit
their cruel enemies, and animating them to the seveiesc
Th .ir rause, on the ►►hole, is c►ideutly in a
irosperioss con d:tioti.

"' .
By the arrival o: the Cambrian pArlitt from the medite„
ranee°. Gibra tar p.pers to the24th alt. have been received,
from which we extruct the foltowitir:—
vonl",htF. CIItioNICL or INV 23n.
flail a dozen Royalists are .aid to bare entered San Rept. yesterday,
and to ha, e ordere I the reouitite preparations to be wade tot the roeptoos
id their party wilt. b was to enter that Levu lathe afternoon, some say td thi
inmost nl tour or nee thonsaiiil 111411.
The troops stationed Were under General °runes ha l. it seems, retired
Leto that place on the preceding night, in two divisions, the MR taking tip
road to Taft Mt, nod the other that leadirig to lt,tepona.
We tioalrrstand Mai a parted the Royansfs atteistpted this atoning, ld.l
in rain, niget possestade Kelm tipauiei Rtes.'
rite Camden packet, whith arrived at Falmouth on Sum
day, from the Meditoreleatani was off Cadistarbour on the
2411 r ult, but was not allowed to go in, it leglog blockaded
by eight ships of wan s • • • • •
There is a rumour in lift/City that Lbrd Fitltroit Somerset
departs immediately for Cadiz.
It is reported tfigt He'derid Wm. Pepe is engaged in or-
ganizing a foregn corps, destined to Join the army under
General Qniroga: Thel4.eis: n officers who came over in
the Royal tieurge baree.,with very few exceptions, enlisted
themselves in tire new tortes.
POUTSISOUTH, Aeouer 1 I.—This morning the Revenge,
74, Captain Sir Charles Bnrrard, Bart., arrived here lola
the River. to take in stores, Ste., and thee proceed to the
Mediterranean, to relieve the Roehfurt, which ship is coup
ing home. The arrival of the Revenge, of cone se does away
with the reiterated essertion of a Mot riing Paper, that this
ship, pith the Spartiate and others, eve equipped for an-
other des.ination. The Naiad, Hon. Copt. Spencer, came
into harhwir Una day, to remedy the defects in one of her
masrs. Sir J. M. f.loyk is arrived here with souse other
gentlemen, to form arrangemeub for starting the pee kat
from this port. We have been given to nnderstand the em
tablishment will consist of ten steam pack-is, one of which
will sail for Cadiz every month. The office of John Sinde
gren, Eeq. will be made the depository of all vormunnica-
lion, and from whence the packets will start. The local
situatiou of ;iris port (its dktasice from London bring post-
ed in seven hours), is the paramount reason fur its selection
by the spirited proprietors of the strain packets. The
Oruro the Fourth is malting every preparation to proceet
immediately to Carlia : a number of passengers are already
eelleetine, among whom we notice some French military
charact• rs.
Letters from Constantinople, dated !WI July, have been
received this writing ; they. state that a cutisidereole out:
her of pirates were cruising tie the Ars hes, and had yap
tuned several vessels. Out of the pirates had been tali. it
by his Majesty's ship Cambrian, and omitted by her to
cruise in the blerea.—By accounts from .Smyrna of the Ath
Jul', we learn that his Majesty's ships Cambrian, Hind,
and Medina, hail sailed on a cruise.
Mr. Hylres, the King's Messenger, arrived in town on
Sunday morning, ;Omni" two o'clock, with despatches item
Sir Willidlti A'Cour, to which very little importance was
attached: as they carte four days later than those brought
by Mr. Ward, on Thursday, Mr. Dykes having been deem-
ed at sea by contrary winds.
It is athrnied, this' notwitiManding the bean'ifullv word-
ed and st .tesuran-like treaties, between the English Govern.
went and his most Christian Majesty, Louis Xl'lll.,thatin
Paris, Ilavre, Bourtleaox, and other cities and towns in that
eunntry, the Slave Trade is carried on in foil vigour, and
Chet the French tiovernment are well aware of such trade
being, commercially speaking, " in a flourishing state."
lim,asuow PI:WM—CV a list of persons brought bane
the sitting Magistrate in the Police Court of Waspy, ken
tile 2.1 to the 30th of July last, it appears that the number
amounted to uo less Ilion .I,JMI, of whom 604 had bees
drunk and disorderly its the streets and in hoaxes. A Gist.
stow paper, on pnlilishiog the list, introduces it to notice
by the following profane;
" Every month then is published et Report of the Came
which come before the. Polka of this populous and wealthy
city. If °thee large towns were to follow the same praise-
worthy custom, some curious comparisons might be made with
respret not merely to the amount of vise and irregularity, but
the nature of *e of. noes utmost prevalent in each place or dis-
trict. We should imagine, for instanee, that it would be dill-
colt in soy other pert of the island to 11,10, out of themes po-
-604 cases in one month, of persons being drunk mod
disorderly on the stream end in homers. What would the old
Covenanters, of whiuh Glasgow was the heed quarters, loft
were they to return to earth and see such a damning list / Bat
we suppose all the irregularity will be placed to the account of
roe WM, Irish in tilasgow. It would be well in future to dis-
tinguish Met/emelt toad Irish cues, that we may see to which
the palm is due,"
