LONDON SE.SSIOAS.
:

L .

i,

N

. .
We, as Reformists, have been so much persecuted, ration, Propositions, or Resolutions, &c. &c. as par-
revifed, and traduced, by Auti-reformists, that in ticular circumstances shell at any time require, in our
common justice to ourselves, we are bound to pub. own defence, such a sweeping and Comprehensive
fish nur political Exposti or Creed, and have thus a Nomenclature.
right to demand a similar manifesto from our ;Over. (To be eorefinued.)
Aides, being the fairest contrast they can make to
our avowed principles, even as radical Reformers.
The Church, in her Confession of Faith, has ex-
feuded the declarations, professions, or opinions, &c.
of her f.-4lnwers, to thirty-nine articles: ours are
comprised in thirty, to be placed immediately on re-
cord, that when the great day of reckoning shall ar-
rive, for come it will, and that right soon, it may then
be distinctly seen, whether the Reformists or And. •
reformists, are the genuine friends of their country,
laws, and King, according to the English Constitu-
tion, and the liberal maxims %hereon the glorious '
Revolt': ion was founded, which, from a state of
slavery and oppression, redeemed this nation, and
gave them, at least, the means to become the most
happy and free people upon earth, had these been
suhsvguently improved as they realty deserved.
Some fastidious royalist may demand, why any'
transposition, from the usual order of arranging thb
Sov, • -..'s relative situation with his subjects, ,can,
ke place ? And I shall merely state,
t existence of a country is u much
, as a people are to their King; this,
is, therefore, no moist derogatory to
head of the state, than-the precedence
imilar reason, the law, iu common
fer the gospel., '
•,t independent of the newspaper
shot against us, and every low engirie
'antique all cu. efforts In favour. of
t, from the candid- seri ingenuous
to proof of the congenial apprehen.
ijor Cartwright's exposure, ever all
istitutional truths and Vagrant abuses
many venal and grovellintsouls.
there is undoubtedly so far peace sod
ad, as to prevent every Merin on the
which mild otherwise be created by
argent distress. When the' martial
British Empire is in the width of its
sun of victory, over the hills and
'loo, is ahsnlutely dazzling our ada
astonished senses, with his radient
said to love 'darkness rather thee
we assemble under such brilliant
to beg and pray submissively, that
tatires and rulers will be just, or'
enough to restore, after a patient
lost or stolen rights.
aility, patience, and subordination,
lreniated, as treasonable or seditious
' the land, though their Lord and
Gtid of ((raven and Earth, cloth
suppliant creatures of attempting,
:re, to take tho kingdom abPIIP by
they are Invited, by divine

BRIGU7OX, Ocr. 22.
By accounts from Dieppe, we learn the origin of
the fracas on Sunday last, in that city, which has
been exaggerated, but still will serve as an illustra-
'ration of the feelings of the people towards the Eng-
lish particularly at a place where a mutt al
attachment was supposed to exist. A private in the
11th dragoons enquired the price of a fish in the
market? he was told a franc. 'Knowing that the
fisherman asked only one half' from Others, the man
Went away without saying a work lie had not
gone many yards when the fisherman followed him,
and with a violent blow knocked him 'down. This
outrage was observed by three soldiers, who folloW-
ed the aggressor, and a pugilistic' contest ensued.—
After giving a good drubbing to the fishermen ana
his assisting associates, the soldiers retired to their
quarters. There it closed ; but an hour afiewards
another private of the 11th was carrying his forage
or, hay avid sire's to his quarters, when a Frenchman ,
came up and struck him in the face, and heat hia>♦
untnercifiliy. One of the Officers observing Ulu
outrage, immediately repelled to. Col. Ileigb, whit,
rearing that these' acts were a signal for.additienal
insults, ordered a guard to patrole the streets; but
if was discovered that our soldiers were dispersed in
different excursions, enjoying their Sunday's leisure
and, amusements. A strong piquet could not he in-
stantly mustered, whilst the alacrity of the French.
men was on the alert to meditate murderous destruc-
tion to the whole regiment by their language and
geetUres. At this crisis the Mayor summoned the
gong d'armes, when all further outrage subsided.
The sailing of the packets has not been regular
during, the past few days, owing to the 'boisterous
seas.—The embarkations for France have been con.
fined to Ne"httven.crom which port the Eliza packet,
Captain Lind, sailed last night, with upwards of 70
paseengers.
A smuggling vessel from Fecamp, by stress
of
weather, made a daring landing on our beach on
Wmlnesday night. The violence of the surf 'toyed
her timbers; but the alacrity with which her cargo
' was dispatched, has eluded the vigilance of the
offwers, and their general search has hitherto bees
unsuccessful.

~= ~'''~.

-

~_ _ --_..

'1,,.- _ ~..__ ,- _.
~,

.• •

~~ ti

.

ii...rr~~i~!

ham&

t, 4

iiii4is

~.~.,

Yesterday the Sc'mint's for the City of London
were opened at Guildhall, before the [tight 11.10.
the LORD MAYOR, the lUCORDER, Aldeimen,
Richard Philpot, a draymait in the sortie(' „f
Messrs. Code and Co. wag charged with violvrit).
astiaolting Geo. Wm. Young, EN. surgeon, of AI.
dermatibury, on the Etth of M By last.
•
The Prisoner, it appeared, had, in a most w,,,ton
and negligent manlier, run against the gig of
Prosecutor, in Lombard street, on the da., (Inns.
Lion, and completely upset it. Cy this ()tillage., he
had not only broken the front of the shop or
Smith, a hatter in that street, but hail eapn„d the
lives of the Prosecutor and his servant, who were in
the gig, to imminent d finger.

'fbe Prisoner Was found Guilty, and sentenced to
three months imprisonment.
Miry Wamar was charged with a brutal assault
upon the pers..' of Robert Pogue, in 11.susulsgi.,..,
in February last, the tendons of whose hand sheh4
bit. The Prosecutor was obliged to go to an lonsti..
tal, where he remained 13 weeks, pod was eteutu.
ally obliged to submit to the amputation of his hand.
The Prisoner, in her defence, attempted to
that the Prosecutor was the first aggressor, and that
her conduct was influenced by a spirit of resistato
to his unmanly attacks.
She was found Guilty, but in consequence of Mr
long confinement, was seateuced only to three mantis
imprisonment.
There were two other convictions for assault, and
three were convicted for keeping diyurderty houses,
and sentenced to he imprisoned, and to find studies
for their good behaviour.
The Sessions then adjourned.

PO LIG&

--•~►-

James Prins sad
. .--. .
HATTON-GARD sw.--Yesterday
'lames !Vireos, two boys, were brought up for e,,,,
mination, charged by the Churchwardens of their..
rich of St. John, Clerkeowel% with dtsthrhing the
congregation at the church during Divis.a Seesice eli
the preceding evening. It appeared ftidn the ewe.
merit of the churchwardens, beadles. and Milers, that
the congregation has, for a, considerable time pot
been much Annoyed by the tl W ...sseml.lage of groat' •
bars of boys and girls, and ou rdi tirdertv pe
in and a out the church d :ate% divine 'Sertiee
11
Sunday evenings ; that law winter it had increased,"
much that the late church.% ardetss• were obliged to
hire three constables to preserve order, whirl% was
found to be ineffectual ; that the same disotderly
proceedings were again comm.mcing this vasm. The
present chutchwardens were, therefore, under the
necessity, in order to suppress such • conduct, to
Make a pishlic example of seine tit' the olieralets
and for that end had caused the prisosien t.. ha
brought to the Office. She charge twirl; luny et..
blislied, the Magistrates were. ahoilirt to rotund the
Prisoners agreeable to the statute. of St G. Imp.
3'. but the master of the °upend the father of the
other boy attending, and pronditing .to he alstser.
able for their future good behaviour, and the P.I.
Boners expressing their coot it inn, end prowi,ing trot
to ;streusel again, and the churchwardens statn.g Mot
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS. 1 their object nee more to prey, at otre..res than in pu.
---me--- nishing offenders, they were djaoharged shit a slit!.
• able ad:nonilion ; at the same Oise the Muistrales
Yesterday the Sessions commenced. There seems
to he a great number of causes on the list, but many I expressed their fall determinatimi (if ibis did bot
of them we understand are of minor importance. operate as a sufficient warning), Alit should any
1 other offenders of a similar nature be brought before
second that came before the Court yesterday
'
excited considerable interest, from the connection it • them, they would punish them to the august rigour
had with the parties and the contest of a very exten- ' of the law.
sive parish.
Wonsate-ernerr.—Monday Hommel Manahan was brought
• 1 before J. Moans. Irdp-Ilkararid-ikitill.4ol.lll till to %Wale the
Joseph Bennett, Alexander Callender, and --- ! person of Mrs. 4:.. C4lweli. of Sheer-wrenPAßlonloil. and
Storewood, were prosecuted on the charge of excit. to with biting off the ear of her buthrhud it appeared that
ing a riot, and committing an assault at a meeting of attelt.i'nZsilileiaad,lair iirtlinigastuahauPrrtki•ledis titgusr'Z ike„enrc,
the vestry of the parish of Pancras, on the 13th of and out being able to get a single bedded roma he was ohligrd
August last, at the Southampton Arms. Ito -sleep in a room where there were other lodgers. his life
The Counsel for the sleeping iaan,aJjoiaing apartment a ills another (wale I about
prosecution glated___, th4t a one o'clock she was alarmed by the Prisoner who OW is Itt,
meeting of the said vestry had taken place op the I bed and waned to take improper libertieb with her, at aria he
said day to petition Parliament for the erection of ii Pshe
new church. Resolutions for that pyrpose were pro- i nerertscenrdeedaustohrbeeithehrihileusseral husband,
bosun's, us well :sill:lei; hPufsGiulinr. 2
her assistance. Ago alterclitiorteensued between bhp and the Phi-
posed, and negatived by a show of bands. A poll I son r,. in the course or which the latter got the other's ear he-
-1 meat his teeth and bit. it e ear of in the naret inhuman and sr
Was then dentabded and entered into, when the Dee „gesma,,,,,.. me piece was produced and the „hose face
residents declared it irregular. In opposition to its pro. i proved upon oath.
grass they created a great degree of clamour and distur. I Theei, Worthy MaJstrate observed, that the atrocity of the eaLe.,
Dance. Mr. Bennett at last, with violence, proceed- • saetrtvededtheas itewreStas wpiutnhistreannj6t Chu' he ra_vated
emitOCitriCtill) Clii itoll aid
! ed to take the books from Mr. Thistleton, who ma.
for both assaults.—The Priboner not being t. able . proper lad
raged the poll. 'Air. Thistieton, at first, resisted
I was fully cuatasitted to pri.on.
but having received a blow on the face, and being.)
I threatened with further personal danger, he at list At Ballincollig the sudden violence of the late
, surrendered them. Storewood, one of; the Defend; , flood was so great that a guard-room *as swept
hefts, then tore out the leaves that contained the days i away, although built of lime and stone, the rend
proceedings, threw them down upon the table, and "cal:ling with great difficulty. Through the instaio
exhibited them as a trophy of victory. The meeting fanenus swell of one of the numerous little canals
was tumultuous to a degree never before witnessed in which intersect the grounds for the convenience of
this Vestry, whose deliberations have often keen at- the works, the sentinel was cut off from the rest,
tendril with dissension and clamour. Ills Majesty's and took refuge on a wall, part of which had been
s peace was broken by tumult, while the blow given swept away, and remained in that an folly le‘lout
to the poll-taker was • evidently, if proved, an asr situation from ten o'clock at night until six o'clock
Sault. ' !in the morning.—(Cork Chronicle.)
,
Mr. More, the Vestry Clerk, Mr. Robertson, a INSUBOItDIMATIOR AT F.TOH.—Oh Monday fire
Churehwarden, and Mr. Thistleton, and several. young gentlemen of Eton Senool, in a frolicsome
others confirmed in part the foregoing state,metit, mood, performed the ceremony which they call teaks
On the part of the Defendants, many witnesses ing 6 a boy free of the school,' by tying him en Oe
wereezinvined, who declared that they had not seen pests of a bed, and gagging his mouth in such a
any symptoms of riot or any degree of tumult be. manner, as almost to occasion strangulation. This
yond *hat frequently. happens in the meetings of ceremony was thought by the proprietor of the
Pancras Vestry. , boarding house to be too outrageous to be passed over
Tho Jury, upon a short consultation, returned a unnoticed, and• a complaint was accordingly made to
verdict of acquittal in favour of all the Defendants. the Master of the school. The boys, well knowieg
I
; --- the consequence of such
tteLow OP THE TWEED.--On the 26th ult. the a complaint, swore each
I Ove
other on the Bible, that they would not submit to be
Tweed rose to ..height unequalled in the memory 9f
man. The crops on the haughs instantly disappear. flogged ; in this resolution they all persisted With
the mos determined hardihood. The Master, feellug
ed, and thousands of sheaves were seen floating down the houour of Eton too deeply involved tn tells.'"
its necessary discipline, ordered the young gentle'
the merciless stream, many houses were insulated
nod the woods appeared like so many fairy island; men to quit. the school, on pails of being disgraced el
standing out of the water. About three o'clock the a public expulsion.
southern land stool or the new bridge over the i _;_____ _
and the. entire fabric, being •mostly composed of
Tweed, near the village of Dr,umelaier, gave way, Octcii DI El).
I. 7.. _., at
i (balder,
,r 0 si3rea,,roy;ciii.i.rhkistoB.llbeh ycrecor•
paTty.
of ;I:si„:
weed, sailed majestically down the river for about a lea-Stainers, it;eruil:inald.ond: :13
• ' - in the neighboar; qtinualrrteisrioogfgaroninnidale, oanndthen selmkrated.Thebanks
A Gentleman of laiided property Oct. O. at Tnwn %lulling. Kent, Mr.. Sisonder. ard
both sided Were covered • tin the 19th inn. at swim I.;tmnetls. Mrs. Pon eii. S
with mr. John Atwell, late of Staittrool-iani,r, Camberw. It.
Rood of Nenbury, assembled all his tenants Oa in spectators, who, on beholding the catastrophe,
lausity a stretch of. twente miles is deprived o
of all
avoday nig 4, in tioiurge•-str..el, ll..noter•,qoaro. Ltita.
and, threw back half, the rent a simulianenua and Involuntary shriek. By this
is.,
agoidonotilie.r oe George Gasseallt, Lea. of tiatlonbe Palk.
number), last week,
to most of. them, and at the same time offered them.
if they Chost,:but the
.ofier thoroughfare, but, by fordin lb •
the liberty of quitting ,, , .
was accepted by acme. . in the winter is smpratficafile.' • • ' • i lkoartnitet ! i!tartatt. aril KittliaOed t.• I) l...••: ,
'tevitsm a r Orrlct, 91, Fieet•street
' .

- '

Tho

Fri'
BSI
Vaih,

• Va.
il4: RI

Ho i
Prig,
Girlie,
---

TM
[ Fri

HP.I
Price,
Gal*
Pla

'AF
Bram

ItAL
iro•rn

die Si

dm,
Pow-

Ts- bit
rum
!ebb
Mew
tory I
per C

PE
•ad
Tit ke
ratite

410
Ala

whlcl
Pn
in the
the Si

and i
Share
Sigh

%hii
Prize
three

'turf
benrfi

dikorc
be ha
Mr
sarpri
Itakea
Meng
teutter
Peek'
comic

pert.i
Mr
PPigh
'mi./.
Plain
hectic
redur
mei!lt
hill r
Ilse of
ni
Go,
Our

the •i
the el
felt
jetts
pt sec

_
soi
nire
150.
A. SI
No.
moot o
Medi
Sol
%e►e
Use of
bis ii
or it
for n
"

As
leitsil

moo, ono toe 'merit' maxim
Rev°'wino was founded, w
slavery and opprescion, redet
gave them, at least, the 'tea
happy and free people upon
subsNuently improved as thej
Some fastidious royalist a
transposition, from the usual
Sovereign's relative situation
with propriety, take place?
in reply, that the eeistente of
prior to.its laws, as a people
natural position is, therefore,
Majesty, as the head of the IN
• which, for a similar reason
1 langunge, has over the gospel.
f• Wits the most indepeorli
preNies wholly shat againtt ui
at sunk, to counteract all a
t
Reform, we ask, from the
• mind, no forthee proof of II
sings • which Major Cartwrigl
1 Scotland, of constitutional tru
has excited in many venal am
At present, there is nwdout
plenty in the land, as to prem
'lore of Reform,which mild
•
pressing want or urgent distrt
•, . planet of the British Empir
glory, and the sun of riot'
vinins of Waterloo, k ehsul
miring eyes, and astonished s
bine, can we be said to love
tart light, while we assemh
an-piees, merely to beg and
t representation stud
even generonz, enough to in
• hearing, our
-long lost or slob
•• Shall such humility, patieit
forierer be eslumniatedi as
by the lords of the lend,
!Waller, the great Gtd of II
never accuse his suppliant et
salth their prayers, to "take
stuffs ; on the contrary, tbe:
• . .
'
•
4-k11110:

potti
17,107:. of et.l; eu;
U. tine
43 Oro to em
11. ; Pon -
hicl
an fell
kat! !
at lc
;•;
t.
