NORTHERN WAR.

~'.

to afford every security consistent with their rights and yoar en-
peetations. I tender yoil the invaluable blessings of r po-
itical, and religious liberty, and their uecessary result, lodirl-
dual and genera prosperity. That liberty which gave decision
to our councils, and energy to our conduct, in a struggle for in-
dependence. and which conducted ps safely and trinmphatitly
' through the stormy period of the roolatioa—that liberty which
has raised as to an elevated rank among thesations of the world;
and which atforded us a greater measure of peace and security,
of wealth and Improvement Abair ever fell tot helot ofaoy country.
In the name of my ry. sod by the authority of Go-
yernment, jarornise you protection to yottr person;, property,
I and rights. Remain at your homes—pnrsue your peaceful cud
customary avocations—raise not your hands against your bre-
thren. Many of your fathers fought for the freedom and inde-
pendence we now enjoy. Being children, therefore, of the
same family with us. and heirs to the same ,heritage, the ar-
rival of an army of friends must he bailed by you with a cor-
dial welcome. You will be emancipated from tyranny and op-
pression, and restored to the dignified station of free men. Had
I any doubt of eventual success, I might ask your assistance,
but Ido tint. I come prepared for every contingency—l lave
a force which will look down all opposition, and that force is
but the vanguard of a much greater. if, contrary to your own
interests and the ,just expectation of my country, you should
take part in the approaching contest, yon will he considered and
treated as enemies, and the horrors and calamities of war will
stalk before you. If the barbarous and savage policy of Great
Britain be pursued, and the savages let loose to mord*r our
citizens, and but her our women and children, this war will
be a war of extermination. The first stroke of the tomahawk,
the first attempt with the scalping knife will be the signal of orie
indiscriminate scene of desolation. No white man, found fight-
ing by the side of an Indian, will be taken prisoner; irritant
destruction will be hit lot. If the dictates of reason, duty, jug.
Lice, and humanity, cannot prevent the employment of a force
which respects no rights, and knows no wrong, it wiU be pre-
vented by a severe and relentless system of retaliation. I doubt
not your courage and firmness--1 wiU not doubt your attack-
meat to liberty. If you tender your services voluntarilyi
will be accepted readily. The United States offer you poses,
liberty, and security—your choice lies between these and war-
-slavery and destruction. Choose there, bat choose wisely, and
may he who knows the justice of our cause, and who bolds in
his hand the fate of nations, guide you to a result 'the most eon.
patible with your rights and hsterest, your peace and hand-
nese.

" By the General,
" A. P. HULL, Captain the 13th rnited States'
Regiment of Infantry and Aid-de-Camp."
" Head-quarters, Sandwich, July 14. 1812."

Zwxr.sviret.s, JULY 22,—We are happy to an.
uounce the glorious news, that General Hull and !
his army have landed safe in Canada, with little or
no opposition, and taken possession of the town of
Sandwich, two miles below Detroit on the knglish
side. There is no mar to this pleasing news but the
capture of a number of Americans in some vessels
laden with provision, and some baggage of the army,
among whom we are sorry to learn is Mr. Lewis
Dent, paymaster, from this town; Captain Johu
Sharp, of Marietta, a lieutenant in the 4th ltegi-
silent ; some women, and others. It is said the total
prisoners are about 50, and the loss of property
about 40,00 dollars (including probably some ves-
sels not here enumerated).
y William Hull, Briodier-General and Commander-is.C4kf
of the Nerds Witern Army of the United States,
A PROCLAMATION.
... JamiarsAsers el CANADA 1
Alter thirty Teals of peace and prosperity, the United States
olive 101 l 'trivia WNW& The injuries and aggreedeas, the to.
gulls Indigities elf Great Britain have este, more left than
aealseewltiveleet seedy resistance eh eeseedltlenal sohnthekte.
711111:= gals lip eggelemil lies WOW your coootey, sad
et liaise new es over the Monitory ef Canada.
ins inhabitaitts, it brings
ripirfic=6. (i.e. II od 'enemies, stet to mime=
CliiiiAminer in Kluft them.
sit Intialiew owns and an ostensive wilikonas
from yea have partkipatioa in ller empselle,
no interests la minded—yea have felt her tyvaney,yea have
seen der Injustice; bat I do Dot ask you to avenge the sae or
Wren the ether, The UMW, WWI arc leSeleallY retlfel

Ter STATiSMAN,

pROTINCIAL PARLIAMENT or LOWER CANADA.
I • LEGIbLATIVZ COUNCIL.

44 I observe, with concern, that the necessary es.
tablishments of the militia forces, together with va-
rious services and operations of the approaching cam-
paign, wiU be attended with considerable expence •,
but I rely on your wisdom and public spirit, for such
supplies as the circumstances and exigencies of our
affairs may be found to require, and I take this op.
portunity of assuring you, they shall be faithfully I
applied.
" GENTLEMEN OF TEE LEGISLATIVE Corwaa, AND GEN-
TIAN= or TIE Heins or sasexesr, •
" It will afford me the greatest satisfaction, if in
the execution of the duties to which I sin called, by
the important station in which his Majesty has been
pleased to place me, I shall be instrumental in the
defence of the country, and in the maintenance of
the rights, the happiness, and prosperity of his 'Ma.
jesty's subjects in this part of his Empire. It gives
me sincere pleasure to assure you, that the good
conduct and increasing discipline which I have lately
witnessed in the incorporated battalions of militia,
encourage the expectation, that they will materially
contribute to this important object. Feeling pee-
-1 suaded, that I can rely upon your assistance and
co-operation in whatever measures may be deemed
necessary for the public welfare and safety, and
trusting that they will be desisive in character and
prompt to execution, I look forward with confidence
to a happy issue of the new contest in which we are
engaged."

Moternt4r., atTLY 11.-.-We understand upon
good authority that the British settlers in the town.
ships on the lines of Vermont and New Hampshire
have held a Council with their American neighbours,
and have solemnly agreed not to make any aggres.
sion upon each other. In the event of individusis
committing any outrage, by plundering, &c. the
offenders are to be delivered over to either party as
prisoners. Such a resolution is certainly deserting
of approbation.

JULY 13.—Several American boats which came
loaded to this market with produce, in their return
loaded with merchandize, were taken by the inha-
bitants of the upper province. This act was unau-
thorised by the Government, and the Governor has
ordered them to be restored. Many rumours have
been afloat respecting depredations on the frontiers,
which have proved without fonrdation.
A gentleman of respectability, just arrived from
the States, says, that at Burliti6ton he 'learnt as a
fact that orders had come from the Quarter-Master-
General at Albany to suspend building barracks
and batteaux.

MILITARY .4FFAIRS.

The Chiefs of several Indian tribes have offered
their services to the Governor-General, but he
commanded them to return peaceably to their homes,
and not to raise the hatchet without orders.

QUEBEC, JULY 14.—The 103 d Regiment, which
arrived and lauded in this garrison since our last is
800 strong. A finer looking regiment of hale and
able-bodied young men never put foot on our shores.
ST. JOHN'S, N. B. JuLY 24.7—An express arrived
last night here, informing of au American squadron
being in the bay, the John Adams, Essex, and a
brig of twelve guns. hi-consequence of this news'
the homeward-bound fleet, 40 sail, have returned
into port.
We are erecting block•ltouses and making every
preparation for the warm reception of our neigh-
bours, should they?think proper to pay •us a visit.—
General Hunter, in consequence of the present state
of affairs, those), extremely anxious to go to Eng-
land, will not leave this province so soon as was ex-
pected.
ST. ANDREWS, JULY 22.--We were with our
convoy of 20 sail, within two miles of Eastport,
proceeding to St. John's to collect all the ships, when
we were informed, that an American squadron was
at Campobelle, consisting of two frigates, two ships
of 20 guns each, a brig, and 12 privateers. They
had just arrived. We all returned immediately to
this place; the ships are anchored close to the vil-
lage; we are taking the guns from them to form
batteries, and his Majesty's ships Indian and Plansper
brig are to defend jhe entrance. Had it not been
for our appearance in the Bay, a great number of
vessels would have %lien a prey to the numerous
privateers which infest it; but we had the good for-
tune to rapture two of the largest, which, in seine
measure; frustrated their intentions. The directions
given to the Argus, oils of those we have taken,
were to cruise from Passamaquaddy to the Banks,
and to visit about Halifa4.
Ths..liptntoor bakebottee, erected for the use of
the prisiftvers of war, caught ire au Ileuday night,
and was entirely consuond,

tMheAllp;ogress
cFe
dTI
observeriE STATIC
orS
JULY 16.—This day, at two o'clock, his
Sits—As an
ATsHaEnEuDivlTreOpudOi
Ex?eullenzucc; the Governor in Chief opened the Session
with the following speech : ~
of the present system, I cannot help t"
no icing, and
" GENTLIESII2I or THE LEEISLATIVQ.COONCIL, AND GM. •
TAMPS Of NU HOUSE OF AMA Kt.?, , that with some degree of concern too, a change which
44 I meet you in Provincial Parliament at i time ,IS 'about to take place in the London military ar.
when we are called upon by every principle of duty, .rangements ; a change which, I think, forebodes no
and every consideration of interest, to exert our' good to any class of the inhabitants of this metro.
united efforts in the support of his Majesty's rights, polis, nor to the individuals concerned—l allude to
and for the defence of this imprtant position of his th
I e Life Guards being.seut on foreign se • •
dominions. It is deeply te be regretted that the de- ; !lice, IQ
termined hostile disposition of the American Go-
; order to introduce a favourite regiment to the neigh.
remount has frustrated the earnest endeavours of „boirrhood of Carlton-flow ; and I think that
his Majesty for the preservation of amity with ( any sober man, 'who considers the respective
the -United States, and that it has finally mani. ; organization of the two bodies, and their d •
aptati a uc
tested
itself i
convincinn a declaratroofs so r
ion of war,
ated)nstwith.
,for p
b fordedarticular services, must entertain the same opi.
ding y
his Majesty ,g th
ofp e -
the justice off his cause, af. 1
1 .
I mon. The Household Troops, Sir, lam Wormed,
of the moderation of his pretensions,and of his sincere i are raised among a class of men far superior to the
desire for the continuance of peace. To meet this ' common trooper; men who are -induced to etilibt
unexpected event, I rely with the fullest confidence themselves, without any bounty, into the body guard
upon the spirit of Isis Majesty's subjects in this Pro- of their Sovereign, under the express Wee of re.
vince, upon their attachment to, and zeal for, the mining nee. Ms person. By a eenstant and long
religion of their forefathers, their loyalty to their .
residence in one place, these men are become fellow.
Sovereign,. and upon their ardent love for the true
! interests of their country.; and as I feel satisfied that citizens,
if I may be allowed the expression, with
' they are not to be intimidated by the insiduous offers i the inhabitants of London and Westminster ; and,
of the enemy, I shall depend implicitly, under Di. ' although when called upon to aid the Civil Power in
vine Providence, upon their best exertions, aided by the preservation of the peace, their conduct, on some
the cobrage and loyalty of the militia, and by the
foresee opeasions, might have appeared to a few iniii.
i valour, skill, and disciplini of his Majesty's regular I_,_,..ais
as
sev * .
• yet a recollection of Oleic
• forces, for repelling every hostile attempt that may I 'nu'
be madeeupon this Colony. general conduct on those occasions, mist conviuce
1 " GENTLEMAN or THE HOUSE OF ASSIIAIRLT, every unprejudiced mind of their great mildness

and firm forbearance under very aggravated prp.
vocations. Of their good conduct in quarters,
I am informed by a friend of mine who lives near
their barracks, that nothing can surpass it—that
drunken man is never seen, nor does he ever hear any
of those brawls and noises so often attendant upon a
barrack. The major part of these men being mar-
ried, and having families, their wives occupy the ste.
tions of respectable tradespeople. The personal in-
terest of such a man must, Sir, be the interest of the
community. The Officers, too, I am informed, are
men of experience and respectability in their proles.
sion—men who, after being exhausted by the fa.
tigues and hardships of foreign service, seek a sort of
retirement and ease for themselves and families. I
was led to these reactions in consequence of my
dining the other day at the London Coffee-house, in
the same box with two °Seers who are just returned
from the Peninsula, one of whoa offered to the other
a bet of ten to one, that in two months after these
men bad joined the army, they would not have horses
enough left to mount one troop; and that if the regi-
meets should not be recalled in 18 months, that not
one entire troop of the men would Morn, as it has
been universally found on mirth :09 that those heavy
men knock themselves up very soon by their own
weight. So much for them.
Let us now consider, for a moment, the other
part of the question. The 10th Dragoons, it Is
said, are to be dressed in searld and gold, and
brought into London. Let it be recollected, Sir,
that this regiment contains many more men than both
the regiments of Life Guards put together! And
who are these men ? Do you remember, Sir, what
came out in the Rouse of Commons ? That recruits,
who were natives of Ireland, or London, or any
other large town in England, are invariably refused,
to leave room for Germans. It is said that three.
fourths of this regiment are foreigners. A great deal has
been said about foreign troops ; but this is bringing
them amongst us indeed. Is this a constitutional
proceeding ? Is it a political one I Can we expect
from these men the most exemplary conduct in quar-
ters, and steadiness and Integrity in the discharge of
their duty? Whilst lam about it, I shall tell yon
another thing that I have beard, Sir. When it was
intended to build Barracks in Mary-le-bone Park,
they were to afford temporary accommodation for
another regiment besides the Life Guards, if their
presence should be deemed necessary ; and it is now
supposed to have been the plan, if those Barracks
had been completed, to have brought the 10th there
with the Life. Guards ; as that scheme, however, has
failed, and the Germans must be brought to London,
the Life Guards must be sent on foreign service, in
AirdeX. tO room for themoeast,tbe suspicions
citizens should take fright when they saw another
additional regiment billeted upon them. These, Siron
the reports which I hear wherever I go ; and upoa
all occasions, and among all parties, Irate
heard,
,cothmamtesnotsgureapotna tdhieffemrees an c
ea r
of;
f;
certain personage!,
ctiotsuryntepereiandadrsone
osfoapint4nionhhas
vailed upon this subject amongst ave
that there is a great expectation of the order being
byhigthh reaeank.rnesKat adoviweeingofthmatrtalthen
true
interests of the subject form the first consideration
of the same opinion on this subject, has induced
in your mind, and flattering myself that we shall be
aM
to trouble yon with this letter.
I remain, Sir,
Your most obedient servant,
One whet of the above Letter is not, perhaps. aware dirt
amended 15
the Prepsietor of the Sraeransor has been .ac
'I _
Newgate twelve months, for merely copylog fray
Morning Paper an ankle aniseadvertlag on the corded ofibe:
native soldiers at Piccadilly, whoa Sir Pea/scat Bounty,
ordered to the Tower. —Ea.
•

--------
The fruit in several of the orchards on the Clyde,
have, within these few days, been sold by public
ronp. The crop is cooddered this season to be very
good.—The prices at which the following very
sold :---
• oaeraerbas oedema 019
alliltoo do. ' 902
Viswalie do. .••

11.111• 341"111416"112;61111°1;11.1ille. • Dee
Sec 0
Waterfall 4.,••• 2
1, 6 Lirboai
••••••110 • eaIerOUPPIP•• •••• 10y
I ••••• Gamey
eriev
Wet. 'fork. Ike 0
~...•... Leeward lelaatla

ValCh; Or STOCKS THIA lIAT
BAT 041 t trcLoCei.,
Hank ladle onds 4 Ns.
3 per Cwt. Cons. A a Exchequer Hillsail. 1 Ip
3 per lint, Nod. Dims 30. 45 o -
4 per Ceote. thuviiiin 7fik Pr.
5 per Cent. Noy 111471 • Consols for Acct. 60§
I.tu6. left. Lottery Tickets '

THE STATESMAN.

IA) N DON:
ram,' i, szr r oasts 11, 181 t.

We have this day received Corunna Papers to the
30th ult. and from the intelligence s hich they bring
front Spain, k appears that the present object of the
Yretich is to effect such aconcentrat ion of their forces,
as will again enable them to make a stand against the
Allied Armies.

1511.110 A, Aro. 15.

The French troops evacuated thi, town on the
morning of the llth, on which day, and the follow.
morning, the Spanish troops, and the three hat.
talions, which had been armed in this Lordship of
Biscay, entvied this place. Amidst acclamations
and public rejoicings, arrived Senor D. M. Rms.
•ALES, Commandant-General of the Provinces, and
Stmor Poßi.zra, General of the Vanguard Division
of the 7th Army. _ _

On the morning of the 13th, the French troops
approached, but our Spaniards and brave Slice's!'
youths waited for thr.rn at the advanced points, keep.
ing up the whole evening of the 13th inst. a brisk
6re, which obliged the enemy to encamp in Vigons,
said the fortification of Morro; but yesterday morn.
log (the 14th) our troops attscked the enemy, drove
Oman from their positions, and pursued them in their
retreat to very near Zornoso, our valiant men re.
mining masters of this plate: yesterday was a gib.
'ions day for our arms, by the complete victory
rincd over the enemy, who shamefully led.
His Excellency the General in Chief, Natrona.
PILL, has jest arrived. Te.nigist all the town, and
the Theatre, is illuminated.
To.morrow all the young men in this town, be.
tweet' the ages of 17 and 45, without exception,
will he.inlisteil. The ardour with which our Bis.
toys° youth run to arum, is deuce of our beloved
country, it imoneeivelsk. Already we have three
Lunation, composing 3,600 men, armed, but not
clothed, and reedy to march against the enemy.—
(Exacta Corrvo Corona, Aa;• 23).
cORUNNA, Aye.

A persou who Wu just arrived from Semanca, three
leagues from Valladolid, states, that in that neigh.
bourhood the troops which had evacuated Toro
were about 1500. These had joined 9000 infantry
and 2000 cavalry, which is the amount of the divi-
elou; its object was to iucrease itself by collecting
from different parts.

For this purpose it preteeeded to Tordesillas,
whose garrison had surrendered to us (tnti men of
which yesterday arrived here), thence to Velour
Cestioncuva, Villafella, Bernal, and lastly to Astor-
ga, with the same °Nest as to the other points,
to free the garrison, but they found themselves ter.
eibly disappointed at seeing their batteries smoking
In ruins, the city deserted, and tletir soldiers prison.
ers and gone, with the nseeption of a few sick, who
eduld not be removed. Now the Vandals are al.
veady beyond lieneeente, progmeding to Zamora.—
The only point they occupy is Zamora, and even not
this city, but the citadel, which b.a short quarter of
a leap* on the other side of the river from the
former.

In respect to the city, this person says, that the
Portuguese, under the command of SILVEIRA, with
wham we are assured Senor DOU.LAS is, occupy it ;
and that the number of the Allies are estimated at
tear 12,000 men. That besides these the English,
14,(.,00 strong, %is. 10,000 infantry and 4000 caval-
ry, aro proceeding from Aran& de Duero by the
same road the Preach took, perusing them ; astd that
Senor Mutt:outset. wu in Pancorvo.

Senor %ANTOCI Lose division is said to be in Torde.
sillas. Senor C►suai's in Tatar% part of Bow
vents, four legues beyond Csrvegales. Senor Mo-
nies in Vedrieles, in front of Benevento, on the
ether side tLa rivep. Sewer Cassswow is El Pal de
S. Loma*, two leagues fro* Banns.
Senors Brzezpen, Poi, sod PARCOIIs MIMI on
the s3d, in Fouubsdon, on their march for Asters*,
huo thoy wore to arrive on ate "ids ; and Mat Se-
nor Caresses was to march on the !ha from Villa.
franca, for Bosibiore, and to day enter Astorga.--
(romans Dusty, 4fesg. 26.)

orrICIAL DnIPATCH IRON LtOUTENANT-COtOSTIL SO-
miTeXAILQVINTS TO OKNEILti. SIMOISAIIIM) Litt,
TA LIADOLID, JOLT 30.
On the 20th, at night, I was in Ageism, with the
Ji%isiou under my command, when I received informa-
tion from my confidential persons, who were in Vella-
dolid, that the enemy were abandeningit. In couae-
quence of this information, I sent out 3 parties, com-
posed of seven men each, to examine the reads from
the city. Finding that some of the enemy 'could not
follow the retreat, I advasoed beyood Blued°, a
Inge. and a half distant, is NMI& at tba.sawnrs
Tear, of which, occoidiag to Qv apparels/IP lb'
Auld, GOO were killed sad SO labia pieesere. 1
