TILE STATESMAN

Resolutions. 'Tis tree this commendation oo its
bittemt, because its most powerful foe, is given is
so ambiguous • cologne', that it is not easily die.
awsible whether it be medot for a portrait or a cell.
cater,. We could not wish our Whig cotempor ory—
lOw that epithet we have said all *ode not wish to use-
tate la him)—we do not, we *ay, wish hies so greet
sie ill end evil, as that he sight deserve the praise of
oar, whose greater portion of life hes been spent in
time misanthropic end malignant, bet highly profit.
able, employment of riveting the political chains of
his fellow.mto and countrymen. We say the
greater portion of his life, beteuse we know (end
so shall the Public one day, bet not in the way
of libel nor lampoon), that a pen of it was spent
in a diametrically opposite pursuit : unprofstabk we
acknowledge it was, es our own most be soder so
partial a system of Government as that which holds
from es the very advertisements that are calculated to
draw purchasers at sales of the King's stores as they
are called, though the People porches, them; sad
which advertisements are sent as bribes to other Jour.
ails which do not print the half of our number, ea
consequally are less calculated to render such soles
so noticeable.—This is a circumstance mentiosted ee
peasant, bet it ought to draw • public censure oil
the Secretsries of the Public Boards, as it both
out a prosaism for vice and flattery. This is bat
owe of the abuses of sic*, on which we have a
great deal to say at the proper time. One word
more of the Courier, aid' whom we are digested by his
insinuation that this Reformer will take care not to
fit

Ohl, and that Reformer will figla sky, and so on.--
Now sailboat messing to be a battle holder to any
heroes of thefisi,pen, or longue, not being a member
of any association, we do think it despicable to wiz up
with a public cease the threat of calling an individual
• coward. A Reformer is not obliged to fight every
fool who may challenge him, bet if the grand gem-
lion of liberty or slavery were to he decided (as many
great disputes of old were) by single combo, we
shield have a most despicable opinion of Mr. !luny,
whom the Cowie► has thought proper to designate so

inecorrteously, if he did not tern out spinet this
plumed cbsopien. If be were under such is order
of things to fall in the conflict, we would tarnish his
with the epitaph for his grave—

Decor orl pro pattia seri."

Should the lot foil on the other, he might @elms
himself to tits grim tyrant io t►e words of Lord
Loretta% motto. For mottos to the Reformers
is 'utensil, almost all of whom are sokrioars to so,
we recommend the one of Lord Minnow lo Froselt

(Pree pour non pais), or if else of still Maker
atiliqeity should be preferred, we would oilers Leila
o•e of a Debi* family sew ealinct, viz.:—
" Niumai K Pair is sac"

This perhaps would be the best device fee the sideld
to be bone against the snacks of the Armours and
Swansea-Curtail, for these are the Champions
by the side of whew the Courk► will like to Wit.—
They ere dm elcuirsitsoxs, ender whom the Tu Ea-
turas of every descriptive are wet sowilling to ter■
en 'nastier&

This morning the Paris Pipers of Tuesday end
Wednesday arrived. The following are extracts:—
" PARIS. JOLT IS—Yesterday, at St. Clo■d, the
King received a greet concourse of Civil, Judicial,
mad Military Autheritiee.
" It is certain that the dosing of the Chambers is
Sled for Saturday nest.
" The Cesarian operatics !suttees jest practised
with success, epos a prang woman is the corium'

of Pontrreoi. Ten clays afterwards she was est of
aU danger, sod site new enjoys the best health.—
N. CW(011111111, the swoon who performed this
creel end difieelt operatios, Wends to puha' a
detailed narrative of it.

CONSTANTINOIPLII, Juno s.—The Articles of
the Ca pitalatioe of the city of Darieh, the last asylum
of the Wechabiter, which was defended by AIRDAL-
LAN Eman-Sannt, against the army of the Viceroy
of FAirre, were laid before the GRAND SEIGNIOR.
These Articles guaranteed, let, the presersation of
the city ; 2411 y, the personal safety of ASDALLAN;
3dly, amnesty for all those who have borne arms;
44h1y, the security of their property, sad the pro.'
petty of every other individual. The GRAIID
Swanton bawls( referred the whole affair to the dis-
cretion of the Governor of Egypt, the city of
Dark!' was demolished by she victorious Sc.,, and
the iababitasts coestraioed to emigrate to other
plazas. The 'reglad death of. AIDALLAII is generally
kaowe;

st IiALILL P*cu*, nephew of the GOTOIIIOf of
Egypt, having received eiders to march at the head
of 10,000 mew, who were at Modioa, against some
Princes of Arabia Fell:, amongst others against the
&bails of the proving, of Label., has began his
operailoos with the greatest success. All this pro.
wince is already under the power of liAtau.. The,
aimefis wIAIOIOIS has bees taken pulsate, is a strong
castle, into which he had retested. Four ports si.
tested in the Red Sea base been taken ; the town of
Mocha has sent Dopeties to treat for its capitulation.
The Governor of Egypt has declared that his in-
mellows wee* not to govons Arabia Frlia, bat to
deliver it ever to the Iran of SANNA, who will go.
vire it tributary to the Sublime Porte.

A Pnat.tc Dream:reg.—A Mr. has
gladrags himself from his oleo and his home, with
a sem of public gooney which, at this moment, should
►ue been I. the Treasury ; report says, a good round
um, viz. 50,0001.1!—But neither vigilance nor
economy is the order of the dey et present With our
guardian Ministers.

TO rn r REFORMERS or GREAT BRITAIN.

WORTIIT AND OPPILCIIIID Courraturs,—One
Milio.does not often use his pen In the great Cries' of
Refer. end Right,. bet yet whose Wart is ever in it,
sad who perceives it now to be advancing with inst.
sistible step, earnestly Wiens you, from one end of
the country to the ether, to be united—to be one in
council—one in resolve—one is plan; sod, es you
value the fruition of ell your labours in the scenes.
plishment of Universal Sverige—Annual Perlis.
ments—and voting by Ballot, let the venerable Major
CARTIIIIOUT.II plan be the universelly adopted oae.
Ascertain only the sameness, the identity of your
principles and objects, together with the aggregate
amount of your numbers, end thee, as a united body,
the cause will be yours. and success within your
hands. The march of Reform will be triumphant,
and no more to be impeded by its enemies thee the
Wine of a steam.engine be arrested by the arm of
child. The hirelings of despotism would disperse before
yen ; end members of them, who were such from the
pressure of circumsisnees, would become your swirl.
ales and helpmates in thee:suss of Liberty andeomPe.
testy, of jest Rights and a sphere for honest indus-
try to stand upright in; a cease that world give to
honest industry its merited recompentre, is the full
po inn of its fair earniogs, untouched and undi-
minished by the insatiable, all-devouring tat-gather-
ers. Drove Brothers! 1 have been. requested to
attend your proposed Meeting in Smithfield as • spe-
cial constsble ; I, who have as keen • sense of prin.
lion and injury as any of you; I attend your Meet.
ing as a constable, to assist to keep yes in all doe
decorum ;—this is my reply to agents of tyranny—the
orderly, feminine, passive, would-be Reformers, who
at one time profess to be its advocates, end at ano-
ther seek, In their civil capacity, to over-awe the
Meetings of the only real end spirited friends of it.
Order sod decorum are good, and should be observed
as long as they are net deemed iniAmcioos nr olsitrec.
tire of sight ; bet if Reform be right, it is right by those
means by which only it is attainable. The end, in
this case, sanctifies the 1114.1101, considered as the sly
means. Right should nisi by whatever mewls;
since whatever obstructs it is wrong, sad should be
overcome end annihilated. Reformers I we must
trust only to ourselves, since the Government has
identified the cause of Reform with the " Sobversiee
of the Constitution;'—{ride the Speech,)
and the whole power of Government is pledged to
oppose its progress. Reformers I be its and moiled,
and the game is yours.
AN INHABITANT OF THE WARD OF
FAROUK GOON WITHOUT.
July It, 1819.

The situation of the Earl of &LOAM is peculiar,
and as far as concerns his own disappointments pill.
able. We wish be may have—•hat many of hit
friends will not give hi■ credit for—philosophy
to hear timeless of more thee title, Tii.a large fortune,
which goes to a distant branch of the family. The un-
toward circumstance oat of which all this family dia.
appointeaeot has Grimm, will make the Margot.% im-
provident marriage a caution in Were to me. is the
hey day and may-day of their desires.
bl ails arrived yesterday frosHambergh andlielland.l
An article from St. Petetabergh, contained In the
Papers breeght by the first of these coeveyseces,
says, that the recent failings of large mercantile
►oases in London and Riga have had bet little effect
on the Escbange at Petersbergh. The price of im-
ported goods bas fallen, beanie they have been
peered in too abeedantly.
Little business was dent at the fair of Warsaw, le
consequence of the scarcity of money occasioned by
the stagnation of the Polish corm trade. There is
every appearance of an 'headset harvest in Polon&
The city of Cracow was inundated during a dread-
fel storm on the l2th ult. The streets looked like
rapid rivers ; several persons were struck by lightning
in the coontry, sod some hats sad wooden bridges
swept away.
It is said that the Hanoverian Diet will be again
convoked in September.
A German Journal says—" il le not tree that in
Prussia there will be only Estates, ie the meaner of
those in Aestria. It is certain that five Provincial
Assemblies will be first formed, for the Vistula,
Oder, Elbe, Weser, ■nd Rhine; sad from these,
Depeties will be sect to the General Assembly of the
Diet of the Kingdom, at Berlin. The burghers and
peasants are to base a considerable share io the Re-
presentation."
The Election for Members of the Staten-Gene-
ral, to sepply t►e place of those who go oat of the
Seated Chamber by rotation, is going on through.
oat ell the provinces of the ►ingdom of the Nether.
lands.
Fro■ all parts of Holland aerosols have arrived
at Amsterdam of the lives destroyed, and the damage
done, by the lightning and the recent storms.
Ilambssgb &chugs on London, July 9-34. 10f.
35. lid.
It was yesterday reported, on the aut►ority of
letters from Spain, that Ceeut Minim., t►e Cm.
weeder is prospect of the Cadiz Espedition, bed
been called ep to Madrid. The circumstance bas
given rise to some strange maims, as it was well
known be was ootoe the beat terms with Cesare!

Amps, the present War Minister.
Nuremberg Papers arrived last night to the 7th '
lastest. They aisle, that at a recent Sitting of the
Diet at Frankfort, the Minister of the Grand D.chy
of Hesse, gave is a declination, complaining of the
Itesoletioo of the Diet, which mentions that Govern.
meni among those that have not yet fallilled the 13th
' Article of the Germanic Confedration.—Hesse, it
says, has given to the medistised Princes and Nobles,
ever since 1809, all the rights which the Act OD's.
federation subsequently reqoired for them. The
wishes which they had since expressed, were under
discussion between them and Commissioners of the
G men,.
According to an article from Statgard, the new
Assembly of the States of Wirtemberg, is likely to
prove as hostile to wishes of the Court as the last,
on the subject-of the proposed new Constitution.—
In the old territory, the Elections are ev.ry where
running against the Ministerial interest,•nd in f.vour
of those, who in the late Dirt, insisted on maintain-
ing unimpaired the established Cosstitstion, which
was guaranteed to the People of IVirtemberg, by the
British Goverment; and moral of the Conlistnal
Powers.
