THE STATE cAMAN.

Portneuese Governmont, with artillery, warlike stores, and
ammunition, to assist the French army in the attempt t°
reduce Cadiz.

SPANISH WEST INDIES.

By the New York papers which arrived yesterday we
leant that the French Governor of Martinique, Count Don-
zelot, and the Admiral Bergeret, who commands the naval
forces of France in the Antilles, had made propositions to
General Vives for the preservation, under certain cendio ns,
of a strict neutrality, or rather, of uninterrupted rela ons
of peace between the French and Spanish colonies. After ,
announcing officially the entrance of the French army
into Spain, and giving an extract from the Duke
of Angonleme's Proclamation in passing the Bidsssoa,
the French Commanders say,—" If your Excellency
is disposed to recognize the sole authority of Ferdi-
nand VI M° declare that you are, and will remain, at peace
with France, and that you look upon the French as allies
of Spain, then the relations of peace, commerce, and good
neighbourhood, which have so long subsisted between
our colonies, shall not experience the slightest inter-
ruption.—lf contrary to our expectation, these frank and
loyal offers shall I,e rejected, it will be with pain that we
shall seeourselvos constrained to assume a hostile attitude."

To this Don Vises replies, " such a proposition could not
but astonish me. If, before taking so inconsiderate a step,
gen had ascertained the opinion of this island, justly scan-
dalized by the entrance of the French armies upon the soil
of Spain without any previous declaration of war, you
would have found that the Ilarannah knows how to distin-
guish between the arts of a Government which has made
itself the tool of the Holy Alliance, and the general opinion
of the French nation, as expressed in the bosom of the
Chamber of Deputies.—l have the honour to send you a
copy of my Proclamation of 24th June, announcing the
unjust aggression of France, but recommending protection
to the persons and property of Frenchmen, &c.
Extract of a letter, dated St. Thomas, 10th July :—" It is
openly and universally avowed in the island of Porto Rico,
from the Governor of the island down to the lowest classes of
the inhabitants, that should the French succeed In the nefari-
ous attentpton Spain, they will immediately declare themselves
independent. The spirit in Porto Rico is highly constitutional;
and the same disposition is said to exist in Cuba, and it is re-
ported to be the intentinn to form those islands into one state.
The intelligence respecting Porto Rico may he relied on, as
I had it raysel from the mouths of the most distinguished In-
habitants."

MAILS.
AIM DUE. ARR. DIM
1....D0b1in 0 I Holland 0
1....Waterf0rd.....0 0....11ambr0 I
o—.o &Jersey— .0 I.... France 0
o.... Lisbon 0 0 ...F1ander5.......0
0 ...oquanburg I 0....Ma1ta ...... ....0
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS
_. .

Batik Stock
3 per Ct. fled—. .... ..532
3 p. Ct. Cons ... .........f.r4 3
31 per Cent.... ........ ....
1 per Cents...
New F0ur5............ WIZ/
Long Ann ill 5-16
Imp. 3 per Ct

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Indi• Stock .

Ditto Binds SO pm.
8x.8i11.2d. )
—3O 33s pm.
WOO/.

50t —3O 33 pm.
Smell . 32 SU pm.
T.ottery Tickets...... ITL. 14s.
Ciro. for Acct.. 14.43/ S

Tier• *tateontan.

SATURDAY EVENING. AUGUST 23, 1823.
--m.o.—

STOCK EXCHANGE, It O'CLOCK.—Consols opened this
morning at 821, $3, and went up to 83k, but declined again
to s2l. The Expresses from Paris this morning have
brought the Rentes at 93.50, and Spanish, 44i. In the
early part of the morning a great deal of business was'
doing. It is still the opinion, that it will he some days
before we hear the result of the negociations at Cadiz, but
great hopes are entertained at Paris of a favourable result.
F9REIGN FUNDS.—Tho business was rather brisk in the
Market this morning, owing to Spanish Bonds rising at
Paris, and an intimation in the French Papers that the
Spanish Loan would be acknowledged in the pending ne•
gociations. •

Spanish Bond, 37I—Russia 881—Colombia 67i—Freocli
Scrip. 21.

We this morning received, by Express, Paris papers of
Pettily, of which the following are extracts:—
(roost THI PILOTE or sco. 22.)

The following are the reports today upon 'Change :
According to report, every thing was quiet on the 7th at
Cadiz, and nothing announces any new hostilities.

On the sth the Cortes ended their Session, and named
a Provisional Commission, at the head of which is Gem
Alai.. who the Journal des Delmar said was shot.
At the above period all was ready for an arrangement,
the result of which was expected io a few days. The basis
of the treaty with the Curies was settled, and only want-
ed the discussion of the conditions. On the fith lien. Bal-
-1 ssteros passed in review 12,000 Spanish, in presence of
other Officers of the Etat Major of Gen. Molitor.
At the moment of the departure of the Courier from Ma.,
drid, it is said they were printing, in the above capital, a
Proclamation of the highest importance from the Prince
Generalissimo. It is affirmed that it relates to all the ar-
rangements made with divers Spanish Generals, also a
severe reprimand on the principal of the conduct of the
Regency of Madrid since its establishment.
It is also reported on 'Change, that an arrangement has
taken place with the town of Carthagena, and an affair with
Marshal Moncey and Generals Milan, and Liebe's.

Spanish Bonds have experienced a gradual rise. No one
doubts on 'Change to day, but that the Spanish Loan made
by the Cortes, will be one of the most essential bases of the
Treaty commenced.
__

FROM TUC RTOILS OF Tilt 81sT OF AUGUST.
ARMY OF THE PYRENEES.
SAM CUGAL, AUGUST 11—Milani; and Lloberas united
at Moot Blanc their forces, about five or six thousand men,
wishing to manoeuvre to relieve Seu d'Urgel; but a change
in their march caused us to presume that their intention
might be to succour Figueras, or disturb the blockade of
Barcelona. General Tromelin was pursuing the enemy,
when he joined the troops of Baron d'Eroles, and came up
with the Constitutionalists on the 14th, at Cabrians, and
attacked them with great spirit. The enemy retired and
took a strong position at Caldas, and defended themselves
obstinately against the 16th regiment of the line, and 1,200
teen of the corps of Baron d'Eroles; but two battalions of
the 60th arrived on the field of battle, and attacked the
enemy vigorously on his two Ranks. The Constitutionalists

being turned and put in (border, wished to tally at Moya,
from whence they ret:reeto Lestang, where we are pur-
suing them.
blaTarto, AUG. 15.—.11e enemy vainly attempted to rally
at Moya. Defeated again, he took to flight towards
Lestang. The two httalions of the Sth, who formed the
garrison of Vicqo, an in that position do him a great deal
of mischief. A colenn detached for the blockading army
of Barcelona, marines on Garriga. The population between
Vicqo and Manrear,shows a great enthusiasm every where
they take up erns against Milan.
P. S.—The noes of the submission of Ballasteros, trans-
mitted by the telegraph, has arrived this moment at head-
quarters. Juilte the effect it must produce on Milani in
the present Arcumstances.
Msortio,Auo. 15.—1 write all the on ditz of Madrid:,,
—The submission of Zaya appears certain; Cuidad
Rodrigo, it is said, bas surrendered to Carlos O'Donnel;
The fee troops remaining in Estramadura are going to
follow the example of Ballasteros ;
Letters which this moment have arrived, announce that
Carthagena has opened her gates to us; they write from
Lisbon of the 4th,

" The son of General Bourmont, who has arrived here,
has set off for Seville this morning, in a vessel laden with
artillery and ammunition, furnished by the Portuguese Go-
vernment. Two other ports are preparing in the Port
to carry more ammunition for the same destination."

Letters from Port Saint Mary's of the 10th announce
that the submission of Ballasteros baa produced at Cadiz
all the effect that was expected. The faithful subjects of
the King conceive the most legitimate hopes, and conster
nation reigns amongst the Liberals. People attached to
that party say, it is impossible to resist, and is necessary
to capitulate. It is vat doubted that on the arrival of the
Prince Generalissimo they will offer to capitulate.

By the arrival of a viail from Holland this morning, we have
received Dutch papers to the 21st, and Ilamburg to the 18th
instant. An article dated Munich, Aug. 9th, states that Aus-
tria, with a view to suppress the spiritof opposition which had
been formed in the bosom of the German Diet, has sent a cir-
cular to several German Governments, to invite thent to a
Congress which is to be held at Vienna, in the month of Octo
ber next. The object of this Congress, says the Circular. is
to Introduce into the system of Government in Germany, mor e
similarity and uniformity, thereby to strengthen the ties which
must unite all the Members of the Confederation, de. This
circular has caused it to be generally believed and reported'
that the affairs of Germany are to be regulated at Vi-
enna, under the inlinence of the Holy Alliance. The Govern-
ment of Bavaria has refused .o send a representative to this
Congress, and Wurtemburg has followed the example.
In the Diet of Sweden, the question of the reduction of
the army has been again brought forward. In the Cham-
ber of Nobles it was proposed to reduce the number from
20,408 to 14,408 ; and in the Chamber of Citizens,
it was questioned by Mr. Linstron whether the country
could bear the burden, and whether there can be any
good reason for imposing it on the citizens in a time of
Iprofound peace, when nearly a third of the rising genera-
' tion is trained to arms, and ready to repel foreign inva-
sion, with as much courage, perhaps, as the old troops in
their fine uniform. " I am convinced," said Mr. !,in-
strom, "it is time to make a change, and to reduce
this head in the present Diet, to.the half or two-thirds of
what was granted in former Diets ; being fully persuaded
that a penny saved in the pocket of a subject, and an in-
creiseof the internal prosperity of the country, is the best
defence against hostile attacks. People like to defend
what is their own; but be who possesses nothing, has nei-

they courage nor energy."
Accounts from Constantinople of the 20th of July de-
scribe the uneasiness that prevails there respecting the fleet
of the Captain Pacha. It had been seen sailing towards
Patrss, and Turkish -ships had appeared off blissolun.
ghi ; but the Government has published nothing about the
issue of this expedition from which such great things were
expected.
From Petersburg we learn that the Emperor visited on
the 25th of July, the harbour of Cronstadt and the fleet
there; and viewed a frigate which is going to make a geo-
graphical survey of the coast of Iceland. Capt. Kotzebue
sets out on his voyage round the world in the middle of next
month. Four Greek Metropolitans, who have sought an
asylum there, have received from the Emperor the grant
of a pension of 2000 roubles per annum.

Sir Robert Wilson, whose wound incapacitates him from
personal exertion, has been taken front an island in the
bay of Bayou, and carried to Lisboa, by the Nassau, a
small trader. The Government there, which has a natural
horror of every " liberal," has put on board a guard of
twenty men, to take care that he has no communication
with the shore, lest he should corrupt the friends of social
order and legitimate Government in Portugal. As no re-
sistance was contemplated at Vigo, the French entered
nithou: any impediment, accompanied by the traitor
Morillo ; but not a word is said of any Spanish soldiers
being under his command ; while the Patriot troops are
still represented as holding several positions in Gallicia.
Another report of the fall of Corunna was circulated yes-
terday.; but on such doubtful authority, that even the New
Times considedi it premature, " although extremely pro-
bable." We are not aware that the probability of such an
event has encreased within the put few days. On t►he con-
trary•, the French seem to have in part relinquished the
idea of any capture by storm, since they have sent a
division to Vigo, instead of concentrating their whole
force before Coronas, which would be requisite to
make any effectual attack upon the place, supposing
there is a disposition to defend it, of which little doubt
can be reasonably entertained. The French have now
been before it a month ; and considering that Sir.
John Moore held the place incapable of defence—that the
Preach have, had possession of the heights wtrich" command

the town," have hell " batteries mounted" within " p sift
black shot"—and that " every body walking the stre:tt
were at their mercy," Corunna has made a noble stand
already—a stand that will hardly comport with a line in
some doggrel rhymes in the Ultra Journal of yesterday—
`. The dr ace a Spaniard stands on the defence." Fall when
in may, it has been a choke•pear in the throats of those who
expected the treason of Morillo would settle the destiny of
Gallicia. The French Ministry arc anxious to impress the
country w ith an idea that their army is unusually healthy;
but the anxiety betrays the fact which they wish to conceal,
and demonstrates that the army is not in a very healthy
condition. Au increase has taken place in the moveable
hospitals, under the pretence of the creation of a second
army of reserve ; when it is known that they have not a
first ar.-dy of reserve. They say that" during the month of
" July, the reports from these establishments were more
" satisfactory, than during the ',receding months.—
" Notwithstanding the excessive heats which pre-
" vailed." Now, there have been no excessive heats ;
and if there have been, it would have been
impossible but that the sickness must have encreasetiz
The statement is therefore a palpable falsehood ; and is
meant to deceive the soldiery into a belief that matters are
proceeding well. It is known that the French veterans
have a complete horror of a Spanish campaign ; and these
fictions are intended to abate the terror they feel at the
idea of encountering a Guerilla warfare, where the emuy
is ale ays felt, but is never to be reached :—and in which
the victims fall, like .the victims of the pestilence.

The Morning Post has taken a ludicrous ground this
morning, upon the subject of Baflasteros's defection. It
says that it was " the first to suggest"—that his suhi
mission was " the result of an arrangement :oily the
Cortes." That men negotiating with an enemy should
make an arrangement to lay themselves at his mercy, and
induce him to grant them a•dhse terms, is to suppose a de-
gree of fatuity in the Cortes not very consistent with the
talent and courage they have hitherto displayed. But the
Post adds, " the operations of the scar ate not neglected'
" In Andalusia, Estremadura, and Castile, guerillas are
" daily starting, and becoming more enterprising avid
" formidable. None of the garrisons to which Balla',
" teros transmitted an order to surrender, have obeyed
" his mandate. It is even growing doubtful u hether he

" was followed in his defection by any considerable nets.
" ber of his own army." These would be very strange
results, for an arrangement to submit by the Cores ; as it
would prove that their submission would 'sot terminate the
struggle. Milans has resumed the offensive, passed between
the enemy and the frontier, and compelled several corps of
Moncey's army to fall bark. which the Marshal dextrously
calls "pwrasting the enemy." Mina and Milans, in the
event of the submission of the Cartes, are themselves equal
to the task of freeing the Perins

Sir John Downie has addressed a petition to the King of
Spain, praying for his release from confinement. He was
arrested at Seville, on a charge of bring a party to a trea.
snnable conspiracy to aid in the escape of Ferdinand; and
from a passage at the close of Lis petition, in which he
talks of dying in defence of the King and Royal Family to
prevent the degradfaion of Spain—se are inclined to sap.
pose, that the Cortes had sufficient reason to take the liberty
of arresting him.

Prince Hilt should now be called the sedier of arose.
The very idea of a Prince sleeping upon straw, has awak-
ened all that wondrous sympathy which the French enter-
tain for oddities. Ore writer says, " I have witnessed
" such reeding teases as ran never be forgotten by me
" when the illustrious Duke shared HIS straw bed with his
soldiers." This is a new version of the first story, which
ran " the Duke shared the straw be lof the soldiers." But
But this is all stuff, Soldiers in summer very rarely get
straw beds on a march. The Duke might have had one;
and in summer in Spain, if the straw were clan, it would
he a great luxury. But how could lie gore it with
soldiers? Did I•e call them into it, one by one, to have the
honour of a half an hour's nap with their Prince? And
how many of them could thus accommodate? Unluckily,
for these trials of affectionate sensibility, we are authen.
drally informed that the Doke tranels post. with pert of
his household—beds, cooks, Bte. &c. What are the es
ploits of the whole life of such a royal puppet as this, to
one day of the life of die heroic and indefatigable MINA?

Mr. Secretary Peel arrived in town on Thursday night
from attending the King in Council at IVitidaor. Yester-
day the Right Hon. Secretary transacted business at the
Home Office.
Last night Mr. Arlostlino., jun. left town with despatcher;
for Paris, Vienna, Constantinople. lac.
Mr. Munroe, the turnaenv.r, leaves town itnmediately.
with despatches from the Secretary of State's office for Sir
Charles liagot, at Saint Petersburg.
Yesterday the Hoard of Admiralty proceeded from Wool-
wich in their yacht, to inspect the new works and improve-
ments at Sheerness and Chatham dock yards.
It is said that Lord Maryborough is not to be appoin'el
Postmaster tieneral, as stated some days ago, but that his
Lordship will have the stag-hounds, vacant by the death of
MargnesiCornavallis. There seems, however, to be more
truth in the report, that Lord 111areborongli's place in the
Cabinet will be supplied by Mr. Huskisson, or some other
of Mr. Canning's friends.
The Duke of Wellington left Cheltenham last Monday
morning at 3 o'clock. Ilis Grace proceeded to his seat at
Straffieldsay, Wiinpshirr, where the noble Duke breakfast-
ed, and then left his Mansion House for the King's Lodge,
Windsor Park, where his Grace had the honor of dining
with his Majesty, and slept there that night, and came to
London on Wednesday.
The Duke of Wellington left London on Wednesday,
accompanied by*Colonel Jones, and arrived at Dover about
eleven o'clock at night. On Friday morning, after viewing
the works in and about the harbour HMO basin, his Ilrase
embarked on board the Britannia steam vessel, for Calais.
SIR COLIN CANIPBELL V. TIIE EDITAR OP THE EVIE.
tam !dm (..—We arc informed, by a paragraph in the &ea•
lag Mail of last night, that the '• unpleasant difference
l'etween the parties above inamed, " t as been rerrorged to
the satisfaction of both parties ;" and that the Mimi of the
Rceniag Mail " has, in con,equence, relitirinisl.el further
legal proceedings in the case.'--(lhadin Marl:log rot.)

--A private Letter frarreParis, Angust 19, says:—" News
frets Spain is now looked for with much anxiety and con-
cern at Paris, tut chiefly through the medium of the Eng-
iiitireak, as no reliance k ever placed in what is con-
hined in the French Papers. The Prem.)) are heartily sick
of the war, and would be happy to get out of it with a good
gram Thr feelings of aversion are becoming now very
owe, and very generally, as far as the people dare venture
„arra, very unpopular indeed. The weather, in Peri.,
beconiing more fixed and settled than it has hitherto
leen; but it is supposed that the continued rainy weather
fee this considerable time past, throughout all France will
, )clve most materially affected the vineyards, and render
wine scarce and dear. The thermometer of Fahrenheit
b row occasionally as high as 85 degrees in the shade at
Paris.
Pasts. A co. 19.—At length it is known where the
agents Cleret and Alussard have taken refuge; they are in
England. Cleret left Paris in the disguise of a 'Valet de
Chamhre to a tender beatity,whose postillion hail orders to
drive full speed. The noble English belle, by the aid of
her livery, easily eluded the vigilance of the police of Ca-
Isis, and the illustrious bankrupt arrived at London without
experiencing any impediment. Presuming upon the im-
punity which the British laws afford to him, he audaci-
oesly frequents the parks and theatres; and, on the day
of the closing of the King's Theatre (Opera), he was con-
spicamis in the pit, by the richness of his attire and fash-
ionable airs. Mussard has reached Southampton iocog-
aito.—(The moils.)
The following account of the manner in which the inter-
vention of England is said to have been invited in the
settlement of affairs between France and Spain, appeared in
a contemporary last night, who gave it "as it had come
into his hands, but without vouching for its entire colt'
reetness."
" When the Tribune sailed through the blockading squa-
dron into Catlis,it east anchor under the bows of the French
Admiral's ship, ant immediately tired a salute to the Spat
nish batteries, which they returned with cheers. Admiral
Hamelin, considering this as an insult to the French flag,
wade a formal complaint •to hid Government, who again
complained to ours. In transmitting this complaint, Vis-
count Chateaubriartil is said to have remarked, that such •
violation of the blockade could only be permitted for pur-
poses of mediation. On ;his hint our Ministers were about
to speak, when, at the veryccioinent, despatches arrived
from Sir William A'Court, containing a solicitation from
the Cortes at Cadiz fur our friendly offices. The mediation
of the British Government being thes on the one hand
directly solicited, and on the other plainly enough invited,
matters fell easily enough into their present auspicious
train."
A subscription is opened at Hereford-in behalf of the
Spaniards, and 271. are already subscribed.
Extract of a Letter from a Gentleman at Sheffield, who
farms his own laud, August 19, 1823:—The bay harvest
here has ben very tedious and expensive, owing to the
rain ; but 1 think that in general it has been tolerably well
got Op: the crops are but light from the old swards, but
the sew l..ys are very gond; 1 compute that our average,
from 36 acres, is about ton per acre. The weather is yet
very rainy, and will throw the harvest very late. It is judged
that there is considergbly above an average crop on the
ground, both of Wheat and Spring Corn; so that the
grower who is calculating on better prices will be rlistlp-
pointed. Wheat in our market to-day has with difficulty
been sold for 22.5. fitl. per load (3 bushels) weighing 13
'stone 12Ibs. The best Gay is 41. 133. person; Straw, 50s.
per ton; so that the grower here is not obtaining the price
in your markers."
SIZRA t tbsonc.—lt is yrith regret we announce the death of
Edward Fitzgerald, Esq. Chief Justice of Sierra Leone, of
the malignant fever, which has far some time raged in that co-
lony. Ile was seized with this dreadful malady on the even-
ing of the 30th of May last, and fell • victim to its ravages on
the rooming of the 3d of June. •Mr. Fitzgerald was a Gentle-
man of rummers the moslainiable and unassuming, of virues
Ike most pure and unostentatious, and was possessed of talents,
both literary and legal, of no ordinary description. Univer-
sully respected mod esteemed, It may with truth be said.of
that he was
" By all who knew his worth
By all who knew his heart beloved."
Ilia appointments at Sierra I.core were Chief Justice and
Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court of the Colony, and Com-
missioner of Arbitration on the part of his Majesty in the
mix d Case's established under the Treaties with Foreign
Powers, for the prevention of the Stave Trade.---(Merning

Pest.)
A BISHOP-11411.QUE96.-020 of our Bishops is actually
become a Marquess, and of course must in future he address.
ad as not only right reverend, but most noble. What would
St. Paul and his master say to these things? This union
of spiritual pomp with secular dignity ! The present
instance is, we believe, without a precrdent. We have had
two prelates succeeding to earldoms, Harhorough and
Bristol, but none before this case, to a Marquisate. Plain
folks must surely be rather puzzled how to address his
Lordship, whether by his spiritual or temporal denomina-
tion, or both. The parsons, we suppose, must designate him
as right reverend, and the as most oak. Let us not
talk of the pomp sod vanities of the Pope and his Cardinals,
while we have such striking iestances of worldly honours
amongst our own ecclesiastics. Every Bishop sits in the
House of Peers as a Baron, and on solemn occasions, as the
trial of a Peer, or at a Ceronation, actually wears the Ba-
ronial &eta. The Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry,
the. ost Noble Marquess Cot nwallis, will now, as a tem-
poral Peer of superior order, ake precedence in the house,
of all his right reverend brethren ; ('he Archbishops ex-
cepted,) and, to maintain his rank, must, in consistency,
desert the sacred bench, sod place himself amongst the
temporal Peers. Such are the incongruities resulting
frets this heterogeneous mixture of secular and spiritual
mattere.
SLAYS TRADIL-111 the last Treaty or the friendly Arabs
the Persian Gulf are the following clauses:—
" In the name ofGon the merciful, the compassionate.
. .

" Praise be to Goo, who bath ordained peace to be a
blessing to his creatures. There ts a lasting peace between
the British Government and the Arab tribes, who are par-
ties to this contract.
" Art. I.—There shall he a cessation of plunder and pi-
ney by land and sea on the part of the Arabs, who are
parties to this contract, for ever, &c.
" Art. 2.—The carrying off slaves, men, women, and
children, from the coast of Africa, or elsewhere, and the
transporting them in vessels is plunder and piracy; and
the friendly Arabs shall do nothing of this nature."
SLavear.—The following extraordinary story has been
sent us for insertion, on authority apparently respectable:—
William Hughes, a coloured man, a native of Antigua,
sailed from that island about 5 or 6 years ago in search of
a situation as writing clerk in one of the neighbouring
islands, in a small sloop called the Lelah, belonging to one
Ricbard Burke, of Antigua. A few months after the de-
parture of ibis vessel it was rumoured that she was lost

sorneivere off St. Vincent's, and the particulars of the
pretended wreck of the sloop and loss of the passengers
wer- inserted in a journal of that island. It has, however,
recently come to light that no wreck of the Lelala ever took
place; that the captain of that vessel took her to Ponce, a
small town in Porto Rico, where he disposed of the ves-
sel, and sold the coloured passengers who were on board of
Der into slavery, they not having any manundision or proof
of their freedom with them. In aggravation of this crime
on the part of the captain, it ought to be stated that Hughes-
Wu known to him to be what is called in the West Indies
!free born man, and not accustomed to the sort of slavery
ieto which be scild him. There were sold into slavery
With Hughes two-coloured young ladies and their mother.
Tits of Hughes having learnt the above particulars,
has r=l7l; sailed from Antigua for Porto Kico, with a
letter, we are informed, from the Governor at Antigua,
which is to be hoped, will procure his being delivered from
bsidavt. —(Mornieg paper.)

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE'.
FALMOUTH, AUG. 21.—Wind W.S.W. Arrived the Apollo.
Jennings. from London; Prince Leopold. Hazill, from Man-
zanillo de Cabs. Sailed 97tIthine, and from off Jamaica, 33
July, under convoy of his Majesty's ship Pyrenees; Lord
Wellington, Glare, from Lisbon; and Elizabeth, Rowe, from
Gijon ; Mary, Stranseb, from St. Vincent's, sailed Bth Jaly ;
Tino, Gihb, from Smyrna, in 74 days ; Venal, of Poole, from
Newfoundland, in 29 days ; Robsous, of Sunderland, from
Quebec, in 33 days; Lord Wellington, of London, from Nova
Scotia, in 89 days; James Harris, Juno, from Jamaica, in 33
days.

NAL, Acct. ft—Wind W.9.W.,Arrlved from London, the
Arladnv, Pitt, and Catherine, Holmes, from Ditto.
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 22.—Wind B. Arrived his Majesty's
ships Carnation and f!erinsepstem, from a cruise.

Wttsnentt, Avouer 22.—The utmost activity prevails at
the Ca►tle in order to complete the preparations for his Ma.
jeetv's reception, by the Ipt of September, immediately after
which, it is his Majesty's intention to move from the Royal
Lodge to the i:astle. where his Majesty will remain till the
beginning of November, and then go to Brighton for the
winter.

The lodging-house and inn-keepers at Margate, corn-
plain
grievously, this season, of a scarcity of London
visitors. Two reasons may be assigned for this;—first,
that those who used to visit that place for the sake of
the voyage, now obtain, from the new practice of the
steam hosts taking trips to the Nore and back in the
course of a day, all the benefits of a marine excursion on
much more moderate terms than by going to Alargate ; and
secondly, that the Londoners have, all this Autuinn,lnd less
inclination for rosining abroad, in consequence of finding •
watering place at home.
A paper of this morning, advises people living at Brighton
to deal with London tradesmen for their bread, meat, gro-
cery, coals, and, in short, every thing, as the dealers at that
watering-place charge so very high. The coaches and
vans would profit more 'by such an arrangement than the
buyers.
CAMBRIDGE, Friday, Ant .22.—The new quadrangle at
Trinity College is to be called The King's Court, by his
Majesty's gracious permission.—(Cambridge Chron.)
We understand the Itev. Edward Irving, the celebrated
preacher at the Caledonian Charl, Hatton Garden, is on a
visit to Thomas Brightwell, Esq. of this city.—(Noriviels
Mercury.)
REMARKABLZ CONTUSIACY,-.4 most notorious bleach
green robber was convicted at the lad Lifford Assizes,-
in Ireland, and sentenced by the Judge to seven years
transportation; when a conversation between his Lordship
and the prisoner, in newly the fo•lowing terms, took
place:—
Prisoner—Thank your Lordship; bnt that sentence,
I know, proceeds rather from the wish of the Gentlemen
of the county, than from the evidence brought against me.
"Judge—You are very midi mistaken. I had deter.
mined in my own mind the quantity of punishment your
offence merited, before I knew any thing respecting your
general character. I conceive, however, that the country
and yciuraelf will be best served, by your for ner sentence
being commuted. The sentence of the Court, therefore,
now is—that you be transported beyond the seas " For
Life." _ . .

" Prisoner-.-You've done your worst, my Lord; but I
will be putting in my tune in llo'any Bay, when you will
be putting in your time in hell, I hope. the prisoner ut-
tered this malediction %Otte an air of the most hardened
effrontery, and then retired within the dock.—(Belfast
Commercial Chron.)
The following very ridiculous article appeared in a
Dublin Papers and is now travelling. through our Public
Journals:—
" 'the number of inhabitants in Ireland is estimated at
6,846.949, and the number of Irish acres at 6,809,759 ; so
that there is more than one individual to an acre —ln En-
gland, the number of English acres is 32,342,000, and
the inhabitants 11.486.700, or nearly three English acres
(shout two and a quarter Irish) to an individual. But the
difference between the relative size of the tenancies is far
greater. In a barony of about thirty square miles in Ire-
land, nearly one half of the farms are less than five acres,
and only one in thirty is above fifty acres."
Now, if the author of the above erroneous calculation,
had consulted Beaufort, or any other late writer on Irish
topography, be would have found that Ireland contains
above 18,750 square miles, or several thousand acres above
twelve millions of Irish acres; which are equal to 30,370
English miles, or 19,436,000 English acres. There are,
therefore, two acres, and nearly three roods to each indivi-
dual in Ireland. Now, assuming lois premises witlt respect
to England to he correct, there are in that country two
acres, three roods, and ten perches, to each individual, so
that its population is nearly as dense as that of Ireland.
L'Atriveda Spanish privateer, which has 'been in our
harbour several week!, is now completely refitted in all
the graces of " ship shape' and Bristol fashion," and on
the point of sailing for whatever chances the fortune of
war may bestow. Her last cruise, we are told 4 prcfduced
no less than 22 prizes in 21 days. Of course, her crew's
disbursement of prize money has net ban scanty. We
apprehended some of the abuses of so much excitement
under the national predilection for knives instead of fisty-
cuffs, and are rather surprised that so little has occurred,
On Sunday evening last, however, two of the privateer's
crew being engaged on the shore of Cumberland basin,
in a wordy alteration, one of the crew of the Wolf,
King's cotter (also stationed here), incautiously " put in
his oar," a. d instantaneously received from one of the
Spaniards two back-handed stabs in the bosom ; but which,
warded off by the natural shield, are neither of then]
likely to prove fatal. A tedious investigation by the maeis-
trates having failed in proving his identity, one of the
suspected foreigners who had been taken into custody, was
on Monday evening dischargel.• A scene of an opposite
description was displayed on board the privateer early
yesterday morning. Two of her boys having pilfered some
brandy and pepper from the stores, they were tied to each
other, each by the left arm, and a doubled cord being put
in their other hand, they were directed to inflict a mutual-
ity of stripes, which they did, roaring lustily all the while,
for about ten minutes, until the one got the other off his
legs, and proved his superior skill in inflicting this, to us,
novel species of co-judgment, to the no small mow/ma
of their cigar-exhausting shipmates.—(Briatol Observer,
Atte list 20.)
ELEGANT GLASSES, FURNITURE, Scc.—The No-
bility and Gentry ere invited to Inspect the Ware Rooms of CO4)PER and
80N, Bisimpsgate Within, where is exhibited MP assortment of new and
second-band PLATE GLASSE.eI, admirably suited to every description it
'drawingor dining rooms. The prices are just redlicesl4o per cent. en Plates
measuring 100 inches by 73 and upwards and as those of smaller dimensions
the alteration will be found equally important. The extensive preference
given to this Establistuneut is thmikkilly acknowledged by the Proprietors,
who, in their endeavitwrs to we nee their„-ratitede, by masofecturing articles
In a superior manner, at prtees suitable to the times, hope to merit a conti-
nuance of public support. In the Furniture department is comprised every
new and elegant article of Upholstery, Cabinet, and Chair Work, regulated
upon such a scale of economy as to demand and insure the patronage of rank
sad fashion.
New Base BILL,—We are sorry to find that the present
Chancellor of the Exchequer should eo soon have renonnced the straight for-
ward polley with which be commenced aßcs. and have adopted the pettifog-
ging trkks of kis worthy predeceseor, for the porno,- of galling the Public
Into a belief that he WIR onsious to obtain fur then, s better Deer, but. in
'reality:to draw from their pockets an extra 140.4 d. in the shape of duty. The
present Table Beer produces 61 barrels trim the quarter of malt, sad pays a
duty of 13e. • the intermediate Beer, as it is termed. Is to produce 51 barrels.
and to be smallest to iduty of 5.. per barrel. or 975. 641. on the quarter. We
understood that few or none of the regular Brewers are disposed to risk their
capital in the manufacture of this bagged commodity. and the public, we be
liens, will be as little disposed to mallow such stuff es speculators 'nay pat
forth under that name. The Drug Doctors need not be appreasaaive of a fall-
ing of of business, as a greater portion of the 'maims, jneredients wilt be
required to meet Me increase of ditty. To protect the Public from its penri-
clans effects. miry Brewer should be compelled to follow Mr. C
plea. of wawa, Quarterly an affidavit. similar to the ioi loot lie :-
RicpApP CHAPMAN. of Bagnigge Wells. in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in
the County of Middlesex. Commie Brewer, maketh oath and nab, that his
'Ale, Table Ale, and Table Beer, are brewed from Malt and Hops, and that be
sever has, nor never win, use, rause, permiLor sneer to be used, any dein:f-
limsier injurious Drugs whatsoever. in his Brewery.
R. CHAPMAN.
Sworn atthe Mansion House, in the City of Lowlier. the 26th day of May
623, Helens aw, W. fiareara Bayer.

- -
SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
YORK AUGUST MEETING. Tnuasbara-Ang 21.
Sweepstakes of 301ta each, lugs ft. for throe yr 4,14 colts, fist.
bib. fillies, Sat. 21b. Last tulle and a quarter. 17 subs.
Mr. Watt's ch. c. Barefoot.
Mr. leic.haroson's br. c. by Filho da Puts 2
Ld Milton's Ch. f. Nitrogen 3
Mr. Gaseoigne's b. f. Isabella t 4
Mt. Peirae's ch. c. by Raphael ' e
First year of a subscription of 93ga each, for three-yr old colts,
lit. 21b. fillies, fist. I I;b.; four-yr old colts, Bat. 31b. fillies,
Bst.; five, Sat. Ifilb.; six and aged, 9st. Two wiles. 10 +sub-
scribers.

Mr. T. O. Powlett's b. e. Figaro, 4 yrs old
IA Searbrougit's b. f. Fair Charlotte, 4 yrs 01d........ 2
Sir W. M. Milner's bi. c. Angler, 4 yrs
Mr. Lasubtou's ob. f. Verona, 4 yrs old r 4
Two paid.
Fifty Pounds, given by the City of York, to be added to a sub-
• seription Purse, for toar.yr olds, Sin.; Ave, Sat. 113). Four
wiles.
Mr. Watt's b. e. Dopore, 4 yrs old 4 • •
id Scarbrough's b. c. Regalia, 4 yrs old 2
Mr. Lambton's cb.c. Lorenzo, 4 yrs old •

YARMOUTH RACES, THURSDAY, Aug. 21.
The Members' Plate of M. Heats, two miles and a distance.
Major Wilson'sbl. f. by Juniper, 3 yrs old, 7st. •&lb. 1 1
Mr. Rush's b. f. by Pioneer, 3 yrs old, 7st. Lib • .2 2
9 to 1 on the winuer.—A good race.

The Hunters' Stakes of 10 guineas each, to leap over three
rows of hurdles, four feet and a half high, and any horse
displacing a hurdle to be distanced. Heats, one mile and a
distance.
Mr. Werner's ch. in. Huntress
Mr. Davy's gr. b. Hue and Cry, 6 yrs 01d.... dis
Mr. Jay's ch. h. Chancellor
The extraordinary leaping of Huntress excited the edadra-
lion of the company. The other two were distanced for having
displaced the hurdles.
Handicap Stakes of Ten Guineas each. Heats, a mile and a
distance.

Mr. Cay's ch. g. Woodman, lOst. 31b I I
Mr. Jay's cb. h. Chancellor, I Ist. SID
Mr. R. Wilson's b. f. Helena, lost. 10lb S dr

• .
HESTON PARK RACES, THURSDAY. (T.str DAT.)
Plate of Flfty Pounds, for Hunt,rs carrying list. 41b. Huta,
two wiles. •

Mr.'Honeyman's Quiz 3 1 1
Mr. Bouverie's Maria. I 3 2
Mr. Bentoo's Cnanee 2 2 3
Major Jones's Music"... 3 4 dr
Mr. Howard's Truth 4 dr
Mr. J. Udney's Magic 0 dr
Good racing, and the winner the favourite.

Handicap Stake for beaten Horses on each day, by Subseriptlon
of 7 ors each, with 20p added. Fire Subscribers. One four
mile heat.
Mr. Howard's b. m. Amelia, 11st.. 1
Mr. Arrowsmith's Mockbird, lOst. 101 b 2
Three others started, but bolted the course.

HEREFORD R %CES.—Waesasoay (Floss DAs.)
The Herefordshire Stakes of Five Sovereigns each, with Fifty
Sovereigns atieed. Two-mile heats.
Mr. Day's b. f. Plover, by Buster& 3 yrs old, 7st.. I I
Mr. Wi.liania's ch. m. Leah, aged. 9st. 4lh .....4 2
Mr. Davies's b. h. Valentine, 3 yrs old, get S 3
Mr. West's ch. f. Applies, 4 yrs old, Set. 41b 2 dr
This was a most excellent rice, the contest bet-seen Ange-
lica and Plover; the lirst heat •a: won by Plover, healing her
opponent by half a neck-4 to lin favour of Angelica, at start-
ing.
The se:ond heat was severely contested between Plover and
Levh, and won by half a length.
_ . .

The Hunter's gweepstakes of Five Sovereigns each, with 20
Sovereigns added, did not fill.
The Earl of Oxford officiated as Steward, for his son, Lord
Harley, who is abroad. The Company was most respectable,
and to make up for the deficiency of the Hunters' Plate, the
Champion of England, Spring, :nd his associate Tom Cribb,
displayed their pugilistic science between the heats in a large
■nd commodious booth, fitted up for the occasion, on the race
ground ; and there is no doubt but they will make sy good thing
of it. Spring's respectable demeanour gains him much popu-
larity amongst his country cousins.

CANTERBURY RACES, RACES, THURSDAY, Attn. 21.
The City Plate of Mi.—Two-mile heats.
Mr. G. J. Miles's ch. f. Pincushion 1

Mr. Mellish's b. f. Sprite , 2 2
The above were two very good heats, and were woo by Pin-
cushion. beating Sprite by, half a neck. 1
A Handicap Sweepstakes of 3 soya. each, with 40 soya. added
by subseriptioo.—Two miles.
Mr. Northey's b. e. Ascot. .1
Mr. Miles's ch. f. Pincushion • S
Mr. Farrell's b. f. Sprite I
KTnis was a good beat, and woo by Ascot, beating Pincushion
half a head. The Downs were well attended by a numerous,
and respectable company. We have nut heard that any acci-
dent- happened this day.

BURTON ON TRENT RACES.
WEDNESDAT. AUG. 121,
-

A Sweepstakes of 23 gs. each, for two-yr olds.—About half a
mile.—T. Y. C.
Mr. Tomes's b. c. Sir Grey, by Rubens..... 0 1
Lord Ansen's br. f. Cheshire Lass 0 2

Eight started, but it is impossible to place the whole accu-
rately as they came In. The first was a dead heat, between
Sir Grey and Cheshire Lass. Sir Grey won cleverly the next
beat.

A Sweepstakes of sgs each, for horses, &c. of all ages, with
lugs added from the Fund. Two-mile heats. To start at
the distance chair.
Sir W. Wynn's hr. b. Belmont I I
Mr. Edm. Yates's br. b. Adventurer 3 2
Sir T. Stanley named b. h. the Main... 3 3
A tremendous thunderstorm kit during this race. The horses
and jockies were covered with mire. It was a trial of strength
rather than fleetness. _ _ _

The Ladies' Plate of-301. for horses. &c. of all ages. Two mile

heats.

Mr. Beardsworth's b. e.Birminithant.• •. ....4 3 I I
Mr. It, Benson's br. b. Pictoo 0 I 3 3

Mr. My tton sb. c. Whittington 0 51 2 2
Sir W. Wynne's b. c. Cognocit. by Ambo 3 4 4 4
This race was run precious tm the above. Tite first was a
dead heat between Picton sod Whittington. Tne whole was
admirably contested, and quite a treat to amateurs. N.

BOXING.

MATCH BETWEEN JOIINION, THE SLACK, ASP NIXON, TUB NOT

?INGHA EVTCIIVR.

This battle for 100 so,ereigna, was fought on Marsh Field
Common, a abort distance from Aflesbary, on Tborsday. It
was made after Abingdon Races ; J.ohnwou haring been teach-
ing the flooring art in the neighbout hood, tad his adversary
was OR his way to London, in search of no other fame than that
of the Championship of England, at first rush. 'The seconds
were. Wheeler, of Birmingham, for the Black, Lod Cart, for
the Butcher. _

A slaughtering battle of nine rounds was foug.ht. After
shaking hands, Johnson made instant play at the ih ad, and
drew'claret from the Meiling bottle. The Butcher shook Ills
nob, but never left the scratch. Johnson mansaurred, aid
adversary, a powerful young man, was ready. The liisck
missed his hit, and a sanguinary rally followed, at the close of
which the Black was thrown.
2. Nixon fought first with the right hand. and gave his adver-
sary a tie up abo ,t the kidney which gave hint a cough. An
exchange of blows for two minutes followed. and the claret
flew merrily. The black threw his man, and as some said, by
laying hold below the waist. but t!e Umpire sung out " fair."
3. A round of observaii.m upon the piping system. They
gave and receded like a balloon half full. he, closed harm-
lessly. and both fell quite as comfortable as If their wind was
slipping.
4. The Black, rather neerer second wind than his adversary,
floored him in the victualling (Ace cleanuy, which was an un-
lucky stop for the butcher.
