THE STATESMAN,

they can expect from him or his great allies. Tlidse4nte7l-
- would sooner leave the Greeks and Cbristiiiii to
the bloody axe of the Turk than give the least assist-
ance to a brave nation, struggling to throw off the
shackles of a barbarous and sanguine tyranny. the
success of the Greeks and of every people contending
for their rights and liberties, mast be of high import-
ance to the friends of humanity; and if a good under-
standing between the Russians and Turks should be
restored; it will be on no other ground than to curb
the noble spirit that is extending itself throughout the
Southern states of Europe, and to perpetuate that
.
slavery which gives despots a power over the lives and
properties of the people.

ACCIDENT Ar ST. PAUf.'S CATHEDRAL,

THIS MORNING.

A fritlr minutes after six o'clock this morning, just
as the then in the employ of Messrs. Mann and Elston
had assembled to work, and were proceeding to en-
large a scaffold erected under the dome, a number of
labourers incautiously trusted themselves on a ledger
(a single pole, laid horizontally from the uprights) in
consequence of which, it unfortunately broke, and pre-
cipitated the whole of them to the bottom, a height of
about 40 feet, by which accident, one man, named
Mullagan, was so dreadfully braised, that he expired
a few minutes afterwards ; another, named May, had
;his arm and thigh broken, and three others received
external bruises, hut are likely to do well. Great
praise is due to Mr. Conch, a young man having the
care of the works, under Mr. Cockerel!, the Architect,
for his humane and prompt exertions, in having the
unfortunate sufferers imwediately conveyed to St. Bar-
,tbolomew's Hospital, and giving directions that every
posiible attention should be paid to them. hlullagani
who was killed, has left a wife, but no family.

BRIGHTON, SErr. 28.

[PROM TIM !MORTON lIIRALDa
l'ililtightilon.Goorge Canning, who had been on
ibis coast for some time, and who, from his habits of
privacy, was an object of but little notice, returned to
London a few days ago.
Mr. Matthew Gibson, formerly. card-maker to his late
Majesty, and possessed of considerable property, but
latterly i■ very reduced circumstances, was discovered,
drowned, on our beach, near Black Bock, at an early
hour last Wednesday morning. He was subject to fits
of despondency, and under mental alienation, it is sup-
posed, threw himself into the sea. -A Coroner's Inquest
was held on the body on Thursday, when a verdict was
returned to the above effect.

A correspondent In the vicinity of Lewes, writes as
follows:

Hostilities have already commenced between the neigh-
bouring farmers and our gentlemen fox hunters, who
are now about to commence the fox hunting season.
The fox hounds are stationed at Itingmer barracks,
under the command of Major Cator, and are just ready
to commence action ; but the farmer's consider that
the harbouring of a number of the cunning tribe may
prove injurious to their poultry, lambs, &c.—ard
showers of notices have beec flying about lately, to
warn those persons belonging to the pack (which is a
subscription one) off their lands; so that at present
the hunting is stopped, and war appears inevitable.
The individuals who support the pack are very re-
spectable,--consisting of the principal of our neigh-
bouring retry, with Lord °age at their head.
The fields are now nearly cleared, and the sports-
min has a wider range; so that the return of killed
and wounded may be expected to increase. Hitherto
it has borne but a small proportion to the first three
weeks of former seasons.
We give the following as a real fact, in proof of the
Wirral good understanding which subsists between
'als•,libtt Illatimpana and John Bull:—.Pour task-men
were engaged is a farm six miles feint Chichester,
whose agreement it was to have what beer they pleased.
la fourteen days they drank one hogshead and a half
of ale, ao4 •ae hogshead of table beer, except one
quart pet day which was drawn for the shepherd.
A serious affray took place on Tuesday night on
Pagham beach, between the Preventive sere ice and a
body of smugglers, in which some firing took place,
and two of the latter were severely wounded.
On Tuesday night, a cutter, laden with 486 casks
"of contraband spirits, was taken at sea by the New
Charter tatter, stationed in the port of Arundel.—
The goods have been lodged in the Excise stores at
Arundel.

EDINBURGH, SaPT. 25.—The projected improve
meats in the running of the mail•coaches to and from
London, and the north of Scotland, are, we understand,
of s very extensive nature. About two years ago cer-
tain arrangements were made by which the mail ar-
rived in Newcastle three hours earlier than formerly;
that is. at sine o'clock forenoon, in place of at mid-
day; but the increased speed of travelling did not ex-
tend northward. By using greater expedition from
Newcastle, the mail now arrives an hour earlier. It is
intended we bare heard, that after the sixth of next
month, other four hours shall be gained, by which
the mail will arrive in this city about ten o'clock on
the preceding evening. To accomplish this earlier ar-
rival. the coach will be made, we understand. to run
at the rate of eight miles an hour at least throughout;
and only one driver will be allowed for every 39 miles,
by which a great deal of time will be saved which is
aowconsumed in petty arrangements at the different
stages. There will be no delivery of letters, as at
present, mill the morning. One of the great benefits
to this thy from the proposed alteration will be, that
passengers from London will be only two nights in
place .f three upon the road, and arrive here at a cue-
mama bolt to the evening. The people in the north
have loos complained of the late arrival of the London
This complaint will bow be obviated, as ar-
raageseats are making to have the mail conveyed
amuse the Ferry at midnight. We have also beard it,
motioned, as one of the consequences of the proposed
alterations, that the north mail will arrive in this city
some bouts later in the day than at present. Though
these are the arrangements which have been meation-
ed, they are not yet entirely perfect.
On Monday week the Chamber ofCommerce resolved
to present a memorial to the PostmastersAieneral
against the proposed delay in the arrival of the north
mall. .
FaNdITICAL Boxea.—One of the lower order of
Berestiteg Preacher., not many miles from Bolton-in-the-
Moors. tel addressed his auditory in the following
metaphorical language :—" I dare say you'd all pay to
sees hosin g ntitcb between Terser and Rigida!! ; yet
yea don't like to pay for seeing • pitched battle between
use mid Id:4mb. Oh, my friends, many a hard knock,
sad spay a cross-buttock have I. given the black bruiser'
foe your sakes!—Pull! do pull off these gay garments
of Mmmoo ; strike the devil a straight blow, and
darken kis spiritual dapAphts. At him manfully. and
hel'll ions beak Adder. I ask nothing but the money,
which I bop. you'll not forget before you go."
alLwelonf.—On Monday last a baker undertook, for
a wager Oise shilling, at a Wm in Beimmemy-street,
it eat tee baadrod large eyesore, and bread is proper-
ties, it twooty miaatoe, which be accomplished within
ilsoolimplea of the gives time.

; -

BPOI7IIIO INTSLLIGgiveR.

CARLISLE RACE , Wsonzismv, Sem 20.

SECOND bAt.

A Plate of Fifty Pofumill,ifirinhi the F.stl of Carlisle, for
three and four year olds ; three yr olds to carry ist. 7ih. ;
four, Bat. 91b.—Two wile beats, •
Mr. Ferguson's g. e. Jonathan. 3 yrs old:.
Mr. Whiting's b. c. by Tramp, 3 yrs old ilr
A Maiden Plate of Fifty Pounds, given by the hlembers or
ti.e City of Carlisle, for horses, lke..of all ages. that nt....er
won Plate. Match, or Sweepstakes, before the day or
naming: three yr olds to carry 6s!. 101 h.; four, Tat. lifts.
five. Sat. Sib. ; six and aged, tlist. I2lla ; mares and geld-
ings-allowed 31b.—Two mile heats.
Mr. M'Mianie's hr. h. Palmer, S yrs cad - t I
Mr. James's b. f. by Smolensko, 3 yrs ohl . .
Mr. Ferguson's b. C Flurarthe, by Ogbnias, 3 yrscid 2 3

BOXING AT MOULS BY HURST.

At the close of the Egli= Races, on Thursday, thoss
fond of milling sports bad a rich treat in two gallantle
contested battles, which kept the amateurs till dark.
The first was for a 101. purse, between Joe Nash, the•
Kingston champion, and Molly Cooper, the fighting.
gypsey. Bedford seconded the limey, and Peter Swan-
den picked up Nash.
Nash made the play, and drew the claret by a right•
handed blow upon bis adversary's ear; he followed up
his success, and floored his adversary.
2. A good fought round, with mutual advantaggs.
The Oypsey drew claret from his adversary's mouth,
but in return, Nash involved his head in chancery, and
he kept it there till the end of the round.
3. TheGypsey broke from his adversary's rigi►t hand,
and got his left into action; it partially told, but Nash
was too strong, too active, and he threw his adversary.
4,3, and 6, were occupied in real fighting in favour of
Nash, who planted some heavy hits on the front of hiA
adversary's nob, which compietely crehreiptered
He floored his adversary by a belly-go:firater.
Thetivpsey fought his heat; hut Nash has many hi•l-
den qualifications as a boxer, and he won it cleverly
at last.
The second battle was fought between two as goo .1
little men (unknown to the prize-ring) as ever peeled.
First-rate action, with nnmunlesl.gait, was the order at
the mill. They were known as Ginger-Poll and Black-
Looks. The latter won it.

LIMERICK ASSIZES.

CITY CRIMINAL COURT-Szrr. 19.

211/RDER OP LIEUTENANT KIINT.

Thomas Hifsrnau and Cowslips Dwyer were put
to the Bar, on an indictment for the murder of Lien'.
Michael Kent, late of the 60th Regiment, at Saint
Fracis's Abbey, in the county of Limerick, on th 3
night of Saturday, the 4th of August last, by firing ►
pistol shot at him, the hall front which entered his
left temple. of which he languished till the evening eat
the next day. and died at his lodgings in Clare-suer!.
in the Liberties of Limerick. '
James Gliney proved his having been at Saint
Francis's Abbey on the night stated in the indictuien-,
in company with Mr. Kent ; that witness had charge
of some premises under distress for rent. and which
were in the hands of under-tenants ; Mr. Kent was
the immediate tenant ; that in the early part of tae
evening. witness and Mr. Kent were in company, an t
had drank some punch and porter ; that a dispite
arose between Mr. Kest and yonag Ryan, who occu.
pied MMe of the premises under distress, at which
some blows were given on both sides, but they were
separated, and witness took Kent away; Kent returneti
some time after and lingered about the premises with
witness ; lie held in his hands an iron tongs ;
about twelve o'clock. Kent took witness into
a house in the lane leading to the Abbey,
where he sat down ; and in a short time after he
got up, with the tongs in one hand 'and a ‘andl, in
the other, and said to witness, " come here till I she*
von where all my property was taken out." Kent went
into an inside room, and pointing the tangs to the door
over his head, a shot was immediately fired from above.
which struck Kent over the left eye, and passed out at
his jaw. He immediately fell; there was an instant cry
of murder by witness. and the neighbourhood was
alarmed ; witness saw Kent removed from the plate
where he received the shot to Clare-street, and he died
there on Sunday evening.
Mr. Matthew Kelly sworn.—Was at supper in the
house of Mrs. Kvau, at the Abbey, on the night of
Kent's murder; till the familywere in the parlour.
and also Mr. William Humphries; while at supper.
three men rushed into the room ; the prisoners Rif-
fernan and Dwyer were among them ; Hilfernan
had a pistol, and Dwyer a short sword. which he
brandished, while Harman exclaimed, " I have (lint
him." Witness asked was there a ballet in the Or-
tot? the prisoner said there was;'" Oh 1 you villain.
then you have committed murder". Witness desired
the doors to be shut, and demanded the prisoners to
surrender their arms, which they refused, saying they
were the only things they bad to protect their liver.
In a few seconds after, several stones we e Anug at tit
windows, and some persons outside called oat, that
the family did not make their escape all would be mur-
dered. The parlour door was then opened and the
men rushed out. The family also, from the alarm, got
away.
Mr. William Humphries was next examined, and
fully corroborated Mr. Kelly's testimony.
Alderman Wilkinson proved the arrest of Hillersen
and Dwyer, in arms, at night, at the head of the owls!.
under the circumstances heretofore stated, and a writ-
ten confession of Hillbrnao.
M r. William Carroll also proved the arrest of die Fri•
goners, in company with Alderman Wilkinson and Mr.
Kelly, and some expressions made use of by them Wei-
ing the murder.
Surgeon Tbwaites prong that the wosnd which
Mr. Kent received was the cause of his den&
There were no witnesses for the defence. which
merely depended upon the crose-examinstimat, from
which nothing favonhable to the prisoners wen elicited.
The Lesraed • Judge charged the Jury at great
length, and laid &owe the liter in a dear sad admire-
. henshe point of view, disitiminnting between poem--
ditated murder, and the arising oat flf 1100110atatIces
unconnected with malice, sad esseladmi i)y semen-
mending the Jury to give the CM dill 1.110 to in-
quiry, and to remove from their kinds's, issirression
which the previous blowhole at $C tilitirmight hoe
made. .
The Jury retirii Sr shoat twsAdars. sad returned
with.a verdict of 'bitty sigaiamideielm trisorterd.
awful sentence of law ass immediate prnaeunced
by the Judge, sad fits saforsassis primates were ordered
for blectition on ?Adj.
EXTRAOSINICILST • Yflir—laaat 11,014 a dog km
weighing upwards N .tirtairbe pawls was taken
with eme at his kW NV= la sibs Iseiglthour-
, held ne•assiao.. mak, sm.

•

l'
• S, *-1.1, - ..'?' .
' ‘ „ !*%lic. •. ,
~_., ..,.
'I, : ~ I", '...,•til -.
, vo
swiftesigNMEMlNP* • .
