ktO*l.

:r►-7

tattle of Trent, consisting of env Major .14 officers,
mad 280 privates, arrived hero oa, trio li b. it is to
be conveyed to the interior of Austria. A great flam-
be& of dew trig are frequently passing through here,
wbo generally eater the service.
ittvitauso, Not. 17.—At length we are deli-
vered from thlryoke which we have long borne. On
tire 11th the Swedish troops under Major Duhen en.
tared our town. The French army under Marshal
Darouit, which was encamped betorq our town, 0'

tiled through it during the whole of the I3th. It is
impossible to describe the joy with which our deli.
verers. Mere received. Major Doben .has this day
published a Proclamation, dissotring the French au.
thorities, and re-estahliihing the Government, stitch
as it existed before the French invasion.
lisap“, Nov. 21.—The capitulatioo of Stettin
was signed on the 22d. That fortress is to be.given
up to our troops on the sth of December, with all
it. dependencies. The garrisee will ground their
arms on the chrie, and be conveyed beyond the Vis.
tole. The French tion.combstatits, Memos, com-
missaries, &c. are not to he considered as prisoners
of war.
AcCITAIFIADVIIG. DEC. B.—The bevel-quarters ,of
Count liarrlay de Thiry, Commander-its-Chief of
the Rucii:in Army, departed to-day fretn hence. '
Vit.s n rt, th.c. 10.—Prince wartzettlierg,
the Commentler i 6 Chief, set' oat from hence last'
night. The Archduke Constantine tltspartr4l this
morning. The cavalry of the Russian geerds is to
mution for its destination.
A Cowrier, who arrived this morning, *ought the
Pauperise of Russia the keys of the' fortress of Za.
mice.. We expect soon to learn the surrender of
. _
Pa.ictrc. DEC. 4.-•--OUT Gm:Me, after communi-.
citing the Scnater.Gonsultuns of the 26th Nov. adds
the following reflections:—
" If the new Icy of 300,000 men be, as there is
tio realms to. rldubt, exclusive of that of 280,000
nen, ordered by the Decree of the 11th Oct. last,
the total number of man raised in France. during the
year 1813 alone, amounts to 1,140,000, of whom
ott•Aalf at least has been annihilated, dispersed, or
taken prisooers,-1n short, lost to France.
" The French nation can hardly be plunged into
such blindness, or reduced to such slavery, as not
to ask on all des, Why these immense preparations?,
• Where is the imminent danger that renders necessary
such measures of defence? Does a spirit of mildness,
or the mania of conquest, Tenses: all the Sovereigns
leagued against us, as well as the nations whom they
govern ? Or wish they to take vengeance upon us
for all the mischief which we have been compelled
tad* them ? In short, must we shed the remainder
of our blood, and expose ourselves to lose oor last
strength, in order to ,ward off a destructive peace,
which would bring along with it our dishonour and
ruin ?

LONDON: ' •
711111ISDAT, DLCEMDER 1813.

Cadiz, Corunna, and Lisbon Mails 'arrived this
morning, by which we have received the folio...in ;
Ilium, DEC. 6.—The Gend'aroses have been called
to Paris to replace the corporals and serjeants, and
with them create the Grand Army. Gem/ Harispe is
expected every moment in Bayonne, but without
troops ; and is to form and command a Basque divi-
sion of
.16,000 men..

•
Dac.3.—Conde de la Bisbal arrived yesterday,
and went to visit the Great Lord previously to taking
the command. Harispe is destined for Souit's army,
on account of 'the influence he possesses among the
Basques, his countrymen.

Vices, Nov: 24.—From the Ist to the 9.1 d inst.
70 individuals, with eight horses, who deserted from
the enemy's army, have arrived at these head-quar-
ters.

" But all people of sense throughout that
monarchy would answer unanimously,--there is not
the least foundation for all this. Our self-stiled
enemies, who are not so in reality, hare taken up
arms not to oppres-, despoil, or tyrannise over others;
they fight for their own independence, which it is
their grand object to recover. What possible motive
could induce them despicably to renounce their own
rinciplea., and expose their own enterprise to daucer
ly seeking to domineer over their nAghlsoure ?
-Vengeance is as little the motive which animates
• 'them. Have we not been their companions in mis.
fortune ? Did not the vexations,,thecalamities which
ePery where followed our steps, press with double
weight on ourselves ? And do we not participate
their wishes for deliverance and tranquillity, though
tae cannot mastifest them in the same manner? Thus
the only consideration which could justify the sa-
ciificea at this moment demanded of us, and the dan-
rona•
gee of total ruin to which we are exposed, would be,
Ices, Dtr. 3.—The preparations of the Lord
that the peace proposed to as must bring with it sink
greater calamities, must compromise the national tare for advancing to Bayonne, and those of the
honour, and destroy our welfare and security. French fur retiring to the river which is behind that
" The last of these blessings is for ever guaranteed I place.
to na by our own strength, by the means of defence VALENCE, Nov. 26.—The activity with which they
. furnished us both by tinture and art, by our national
straiten and advance the siege of Denial gives res..
spirit, and our military means. Our safety has not
been seriously endangered at any time: but it cannot son for supposing that it will speedily surrender to
be angmented by conquests, by distant possessions, our arms.
nor by extending despotic sway over foreign na, l They write from Catalonia, that General Decaett
Coos. Such pretended advantages, by producing ! and the Governor of Barcelona, M. Mathieu, have
endless wars, can only harass, weaken, and exhaust
set out for France; although the preparations of the
us. The moment France shall re-enter her true and i
just limits, she will become strong and unassailable; French, in resoect to Gerona, did not show a dispe-
the internal strength of no state in Europe will ex.i sition to preserve that place, which had been dis-
ceed her's, and no attack will place her in danger. mantled, but it appears they are now again fortify-
" Our welfare is sufficiently secured by our geo- lug it. There has been a difference of opinion he-
graphical situation ; by tire extent and fertility of tween Suchet and the other Generals, respecting
our country ;by our industry, our arts, and the the abandoning or preserving it—they have at last
perfection of our social institutions. It has been se-
verely shaken by a long succession of wars, under- decided on the latter.
taken from caprtce, ruinous in themselves, and use. I CORUNNA, DEC. 7.—Marshal Sachet sett oat from
less to us. But a peace, whatever it may be, pros•l Barcelona on the night of the 12th instant for Am.
rided it renew the ancient relations of commeroe and.,..parday. from whence General Deeaeos proceed*, be
frienchhip which united se to wW ewer nelghboull
the 10th, for another destination. Suchet suddenly
that it open anew the seas to our commerce, and .
returned on the 13th, in consequence, it is said of
restore in time industry and ingenuity of our nation
it; ancient stimulus, will soon, in the bosom of re• f having met a Courier on the road ; since his return,
viving prosperity, even under an ordinary admin,s.. preparations have been observed for withdrawing his
tratinti, make us forget our false grandeur, as well troops to the frontiers.
as the real misfortunes with which it was accompa. I

SANTANDER, DEC. 2.—To-day antral in this
port 22 English ships from Lisbon, from whence
they sailed on the 13th of November, with provi-
sions and ammunition. Some Portuguese vessels are
expected, which, besides other effects, will bring
700 men for the army.
RILAD•QDMITICaII Ott Tux A LEA ED A MIT, Met 2.
Marsha.) Sault has prepared to abandon, at a mo-
moment's notice, the positions he occupies in the A-
ci2ity of Bayonne ; he has sent all the baggage to
his rear, and it is doubtful whether he will endea-
vour to defend the Adour, or retire upon the Ga-

nied. LISBON, Duman It
66 As to ode national honour, it cannot ba insi PROCLAMATION
paired by a peace which shall only set boned. to our RY TIELD.MARSUAL TUE MARQUIS OF MMLLINGTONI
injustice. if our military honour only "InsiSt. in : COMMANDEIPIN•CIIIEF Or VII ALLIED ARMIES, &C.
our alone gaiAing battles in Europe, in never suffer.
" The Constituted Authorities in the towns and
ing any military glory but our own, and in never . ...
must continue their &Suctions till a new
being beaten, it has long been lost beyond redemp- I/sling")
Hon. Should we even gain as many new victories order.
as in times past, the opinion of our invincibility exists I "In case the persons who have hitherto exercised
no Longer. Nothing can efface our defeats in Spain, ' those functions, shall have retired with the French
our retvesta from Russia to Germany ; the battles army, or should desire to quit their employments, the
of Salamanca and Vittoria, of Smolensk and of
; towns and villages shall make those circumstances
Leipsie ; hut no political arrangement can deprive
us or what is truly solid and indisputable in our mill- 1 known to the Commander-in-Chief of the Allied
tary glory.
1 Army, who will take the requisite measures in con.
66 Such, doubtless, must be the language of all just sequence.
and enlightened men in France.—ls the Emperor Na. 1 " The persons who continue to exercise their
poleon alone, then, to be (Mewed to place his glory functions, and those who may be nominated to 611
in the misery of the world, and the submission of all I
neighbouring States to his will ?--Ile ma:ps' that a them, must recollect that it will not he permitted
dishonoured throne, and a crown w glory, 1 them to have any kind of communication with the
would be to him insupportable.'--By what right dons' French army, nor with any authority of the French
he wish to swipe that imaginary humiliation, by prat Government.
longiug a statg of things which tends to degrade all 1
