COLONEL WARDLE.
AT a MEE CILNI-G cunvelted by Advertisitment
in the Public Papers, held at the Globe Tavern, Liver-
pool, on Wednesday, the 10th January, 1810,
THOS. RLWSON, Juts. Esq. Ps the Chair,
TT W•S RISOLVISD,
That in instituting the late Inireiry into the Conduct of his
Royal Highoess the Duke of York, which terminated in his
Royal Highness resigning the Chief Command of the British
Army, G. L. Wardle, Esq. has rendered a signal service to
his Country.
That in prosecuting, independently of any political party,
inquiries into various public abuses, be has promoted the pub-
lic welfare, and that he ought to be ialemnitied against all
expences which he has now incurred, or may hereafter incur
in 'consequence thereof.
That a Subscription for this purpose be immediately set on
foot in the town and neighbourhood of Liverpool.
That the following Gentlemen he reque.ted to form a Com-
mittee(with power to add to their number), to manage the
Sabscription, which they are directed to remit to Samuel
/hooks, Esq. Treasurer to the Committee appointed in
Londonp--
Tnows3 RAWSON, Jun. insnua EVANS
TROWAS Hoorn THOMAS GRRCV
J. Bossricx, M. D. WILLI4II LLATHIIOII
W. Bout.? JOHN RICII•NDSON
ALIM•NDBR CARSON WILLIAM S. ROSCOE
J. K. CASEY Jour ASHTON YATRA.
THOMAS ROBINSON, Treasurer.

That the Thanks of this Meeting be given to T. Rawson,
jua. Esq. to. Lis able and judicious conduct in the Chair.

Subscriptions wilt be received by the Treasurer and Mem-
bers of the Committee; and by Mr. Gore, mid Mr. Robin-
son, in o'3de-street, at whose Shops 11Juks fur the insertion
of the names of Subscribers are opened.

TO THE GENTLERIEN, CLERGY, AND FREE-
HOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF ESSEX.
GENTLEIIII:N.
ITT h•ATitli,T been reported thst the Meeting assent.
bled ontenday last hnd refused to pledge themselves to
supportme. because 1 held a Sinecure Place, I beg leave to
contradict it. The reasons urged at that respectable, though
thinlv-attended,-amemblege of personi known by the name
of Whigs, was, that I would not declare 'myself a PARTY
Max, at ter the avowed example of the Member. for Mil-
don. In fact, a proposition was mute to me, that if I
would pledge myself not to offer myself beyond the present
Parliament, I should be supported. To this offer I gave a
positive refusal ; saying, that I would be accountable to the
' Freeholders at large, and not to any Junta, under any deno-
Mil)114011. One Gentleman only objected to me, on account of
My Sinecure Place. He gave me no ofence, because he ex-
pressed true Whig principles. But I hope that I shall satis-
fy my young friend, to whom the Freemen of Maldon are
much indebted, with the fallowing declaration and avowal.
Should I be returned to the House of Commons. I will, to
the otino.t of my abilities, support the introduction of every
species of economy in the expenditure of the public: money,
and, in particular, the abolition of all unmerited Pensions
and Sinecure Pl.,ces, notwithkianding I shall I.e a sufferer
myself. I sun willing to set the e‘ample; and do pledge
myself to this County, and to the Country in general, that if
I should not succeed hi this species of Reform in the tint or
second Session, I will either resign my Place or any Seal; as
I entirely agree with this young Patriot, that it will be high-
ly indecorous for a Member repre.enting this Independent
County to enjoy is Sinecure Place of a£l,llo per annum. i
I am, Gentlemen, your faithful humble servant,
MONTAGU BURGOYNE.

EXCELLENT HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE NEAR-
LY NEW, LITTLE EASrCHEAY, uear IidrOLPH-
LANE.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
BY Messrs. SKINNER. and CO. on the Premises, No. 15,
Little Easteheap, Gracechurch-street, on blonlay next,
January la, and following Day, at Eleven o'Clock,
I Es Val 110UgElIOLD FUIt,NI-
JL T !IRE, made in the present Fashion, and of the best
Manufacture; new within a few Months, the Property of a
GeIIIICOLIII, going abroad.
The Furniture comprises two elegant four-post
_Bedsteads.
and, Chintz-pattern Furniteres, lined and fringed ; Beds and
Bedding, Blanket!, 4c. excellent Mahogany Chairs, covered
with Satin Hair Cloth aol Brass Mouldings; two handsome
Sofas; several very e:.ce:lent Carpets of different sizes; hand-
some Pier, Chimney, and Dressiog Glasses, ill rich gilt frames;
superb framed Mirrors ; 11 elegant japainied elbow Draw-
ing-room. Chain I. Commode Chests el Drawen ; Secretary
and Bookcase ; Gard Pembroke, and Maim Tables; Sets
of Tea, Colfee and !fable Services, vertu/Inv 150 pieces;
some fine Priut;, richly framed and glazed; three eery ele-
gant Freed' Drawing-room Window Curtains, lined through-
out with yellow, and fringed; fancy Hearth Rugs, Kitchen
Requisites, and many other Articles.
Tne Whole may be viewed the Mornings of Sale, when
Catalogues may be had at the Bridge-Ward Cotfee-house,
Gracechurch-street ; and of the Auctioneers, Newington-

WHIG CLUB.
TRE next Meeting of the Whig Club will bo
Imo Tuesday, the 6th of February, at the Crown and
Anchor Tavern, Strand.
His Grace the Duke of NORFOLK iu the Chair.
STEW A R

His Grace the Duke of Beciiord Sir A. Pigott, M. P.
The Earl of Albemarle Henry Howard, Esq. M.P.
Right Hun. Lord Holland Muster, Esq.
R. W. CLARKSON, Sec.

PRICE OF STOCKS MI,
3 per Cent. Cont. 691 ex. div.
per Red need b9l •
4 per Cent.. .t 341;
5 per Cent.linvy 091 103
Cutout. for Acc. 701

i DAY AT ON F. O'CLOCK.
Long. Ann... 18 9-16 t
Omnitint ..... ...$ Wens.
ludit an0tt5....4.55. 466.
Kith. Bill:, 9s. 134.
Lottery Tickets M. 15s.

THE SYATESMAN.

PKOPOSITI TENAX.

LONDON:

SATURDAY, JANUARY 13..

•
THEIR ci-devant 44 HIGH MIGHTINESSES" Of
the once proud Republic of Rolland, are now in.
finitely below that situation in which they implor.
ed, as the "poor and distressed States of Hol-
land," the assistance of our ELIZABETH. At
that memorable period, the Dutch preferred death
Ito slavery; but at length, corrupted by an inOrdi.
nate pursuit of commerce, they can basely sub.
mit to be disposed of by NAPOLEON like a lock
of sheep, without a single effort to reams their
ancient independence.
It will be seen, in an article dated Amsterdam,
December 12, which we have extracted from Ger-
man Papers to the 31st ult. received in town this
morning, that the inhabitants of Holland await
their fate its silent apprehension—and the barn.
tarter of public credit and confidence—the funds
—fluctuate with every report that reaches Am.
sterdam—for hitherto the devoted IloHanders seem
to be in complete uncertainty of their destiny.
46 Less apprehensions" of time changes that await
them, seem to be now entertained in Amsterdam,
in consequence of which, their funds have ape.
slowed a considerable advance. The indepen-
dence of Holland has already beets destroyed by

THE STATESMAN.

~~-- :,

.

the extinction of the Republican form of Go-
vernment, and the forcible introduction of lito.
narchy ; and, under these circumstances, we really
cannot see how the'Dutch can be losers by that
change, of which they are apprehensive. • Give but
the United Provinces commerce and like other
nations of traders, they will be satisfied. Whoa
the putresceney of the commercial principle has
once universally diffused itself throughout the en-
tire mass of a society, adieu to the love of Liberty
and indcpendcnoc.
DRZSDEN, Dec. ls.—Oar King has received very due
presents front his Imperial Majesty at Paris, mulcting of su-
perb vases, and some services of Sevres porcelain and tapestry.
GeseralVa Ltacriw km commanded the troops Odle Duchy
of Warsaw in Spain. has received the Grand Cross of the
Saxon Order of Henry.

STOCILZOLII, Doc. 4.—The Treaty of Peace concluded
with Denmark off the 10th, will be immediately ratified on
our part.

The Pivotal' Conroenor of Legstioo, VON TAaßAcss, and
the Secretary of Legation, Count Voir L•uNDOVIIN, are
ordered here.—(Coresspeatleatsa.)
CONSTANTIXOPLI. Noe.lo.—The storms have been so
violent this year in the Black &a, that several Rustles ships
of war have been obliged to take shelter in Turkish ports
there. It It said here that the Russian, bad considerable de-
feats under the walls et Silistria, and to have been forced en-
tirely to abandon tba right bank of the Danube. The Gft•sD
Visica's head-quarters areal Rudschuk. Prince BAGRA•
rtori, Commander in Chief of the Russian army, has his
head-quarters in Moldavia and Wallachia.—A French conrier
has brought the news here of the Peace between Austria
and France.—(lftne. Zeiluag.)
WARSAW, Dan. 14.—1 n New Gallieia, a National Guard
has been formed. The whole Polish military force. in-
cluding the army, which is from 60 to 70,003 men strong, may
be raised to 103,003.

It is confirmed. by private advice's, that Russia obtains tit*
400,00 J souls stipulated in the Austrian treaty, in Old Galli-
eia, and that part on the frontiers of Podolia, which bor-
der. on the Buccawine on the South. The two circles of
Parnopol and Zaliaseyth, will be united with Russia.—(Cor-
respontlentsa.)

Beaux, Dec. 16.—This day se'nnight the solemn entry
of our beloved King will tale place. The whole garrison
torus out on the mad of Wressenfels, and then returns with
the guards that shall have joined it. Meantime the citizens
will mnwit guard. The King has waived all exclusive demon-
strations of joy; yet, notwithstanding this, a general illumi-
nation will take place.—(Correspondenlea.)
DRICIDICN, Dsc. 13.—His Serene Highness the Prince of
Poxva .Coavo, and the Duke of ABRANTES, have re-
ceived the Salon Grand Cross of the Military Order of St.
Hubert. On the 4th Instant the Saxon unity was still at St.
Poulten.

Major-General Geasooar, who is lately returned from
our army, where he was chief of the General Stall, is now
busied with a plan of organisation for the Saxon army,
which is to be wholly placed on the French footing.—(Cor-
respondeolsa.)
WARSAW, Dec. 11.—On the part of the Polish Gowen-
ment, the direction of the great festivity, which is to take
place here on the 18th or 20th instant, in honour of the re-
turn of the army from Cracow, is left to the management of
Prince SABLANOWSICY and Count Sommowsmr. Prince
Sotto Lew sx r is also expected here, to celebrate this feast.
Before the dismemberment of Poland, In 1772, the popula-
tioo of that klagdom consisted of 14,613,421 sohls,—(Corrs-
spondenten. )
Aucusuß Gar. Dec. le.—Frese MM tit, sad its mimeo, 4

a vast quantity of corn and dour is exported to Tyrol, Va-
ralburgh. and Saltaburgh. 1a Tyrol, there is such a want
of oats, that the Bavarian cavalry is all sent back.
The Bavarian Minister of Finances, Baron Vox Roo-
lessen, who died at Munich, was 45. years old.
The Austrian Generals HILLINGICR sad Rt tiaras are
returned hither, as prisoners from France, and immediately
continued their journey.
AKSTERDARI, DEC. 12.—Less apprehensions in general
are now entertained hereabout the changes which await our
country, and to be convinced that a change of frontiers none
is the question, and that that which will be lost in the South
West will be regained in the North. Our Funds have again I
risen several per cent.—(Correspoudenten.)
Josror.rtsc, Dec. 10.—At nine o'clock this morning
Peace between Sweden and Denmark was signed by the re-
spective Ministers Plenipotentiary, viz. the Chevalier Vox
ADDERII6IIO and the Chevalier Vow ROSENtIt•NZ.

It consists of ten articles, in which is stipulated the restora-
tion of peace and friendship, cessation of hostilities, surrender
of prisoners on both sides, restitution of sequestruted property,
renewal of the convention for delinquents and prisoners, res-
toration of posts between the two States, and of commercial
relations,•aad renewal of ancient treaties.

THE following reported changes have been
16 thrown out" in a Government Evening Hack ;
" Lord ELDON to resign the GreatSesl, and
66 become Prebident of the Council, in the place
as of Lord CAMDEN, or Speaker of. the House
" of Lords ; Mr. PERCILVAL to bu the new Lord
" Chancellor ; Lord WEL4ESLET First Lord of
66 the Treasury; Mr. CANNING to resume the
" Seals of the Foreign Department ; and Mr.
" HusaissoN to bo Chancellor of the Excise.
" (nice!!!
-

When Marquis Wzit.xst.ey drank
" %cuss to his Majesty's Governaiefit."
We presume the real weaning auttipirit of the
foist to have been—
.. Success to his Majesty's—Mlnisteni---oar noble selves."
There is a cock and a bull story in circula.
Lion of Mr. Pcncerat. having applied to Mr.
KOMI? DUNDAS, who wrote-to his fattier, Lord
MELVILLY., who wrote to Mr. PERCETAL, who
stated that all he mold offer, was' an Earldom,
which offer the Noble Scot threi in the worthy
Premier's face.
Although the holidays arc now over, the public
may- expect much holiday amusement, crc the
stormy billows, with which the Cabinet is agitated,
subside! ! !
It is believed that the son of the Marquis of
STAITORP, Earl Gowan, will move the Amend_
anent on the Address, in the House of Commons.

'JOKE bustle was created lost night, by the arri-
val wf a Gentleman in town from Harwich, where

r

ho landed from Heligoland, with dispatches, as it
was rumoured, on Thursday. Nothing has hi,
therto tranapinxl on the subject.

We congratulate the People on the rising spirit
et the country in expressing their sense of Col.
WARDLS'S merits. Our readers will perceive that
a very respectable Meeting has been held on this
subject at
an
ct
at
Ld sine
ivemarpwl)at which a subscription was
opehundreds instantly subscribed.

The Duke of CUMBERLAND i reported to hays
declined accepting the Governorship of Purls.
month.

The Officers of the 7th, 10th, 15th, and igth
Regiments of Light Dragoons, have subscribed
upwards of 15001. for the purpose of purchasing
; piece of plate, to present to Licut..Gen. PAGET
Colonel of the 7th Regiment. Among the sub:
scribers are the Prince of WALES 2001., and the
Duke of CUMBERLAND the same sum.

It is asserted that Mr. PJNLNEY has receise4
instructions by the John Adams, that, should Bs:
Minister be sent from England to supply the plies
of Mr. JACKSON, he is to demand his audience •
of leave, and to return immediately to *the United.
States.
It is confidently asserted, that the British array
under Lord Wut.r.rNarox, at the date of the last.
'dikes, did not exceed 12,000 men fit for actual
Bknitsurar.—The Meeting of this County,
which will take place at Abingdon, on Monday
next,.for the purpose of taking into consideratio*
the propriety of presenting an Address to his Mt.
JESTY on the proscut alarming state of public id.
fairs, it is thought, will be very fully attended.
A great number of Lord GRENVILLE'S friendi
have left town to be present at his installation as
Chancellor of the Vniversity of Oxford.
A most superb Service of Plate was displated
at Lord GRENVILLE'S magnificent Entertainment at
Camelford House. The silver Font at which the
late Lord CAMELFORD was baptized was placed at
the sideboard. The large new silver Candle
Branch was greatly admired fur the elegancel
the form and workmanship.

Extract of a letter from an Officer in Barbados,
dated Nor. 10, 1809, says :—" Considering the
%Vest Indies has not been so sickly for some years
as it has been this last season, I may account my.
self fortunate in not having, at yet, ha I any at.
tack of fevers. Thank God, we now begin to
be a little more healthy. At Martinique, in
one month, we lost 600 men ; and at Anti,;int,'
the ships of war have suffered, in loss of men,
very much indeed.---The Abercrombie had 250
in the hospital at one time, of whom 52 died!—
The Ringdove has likewise suffered greatly.—
The Gluire frigate lists lost many nicl, but
as yet no officers have died belonging to her.
The Gloman brig of war, Captain Pickfordt
is lost in Carlisle Bay ; her people were
all saved by the Gloire's boats. Young Currant,
' a Lieutenant in the Navy (who came from Eq..
land with MI. cormick, a son of the celebratedi
Counsellor in Ireland, has haa.a dreadful attacks,
the yellow fever, but is now pronounced ont ei
danger. Preparations are making at Martinieesi
on an extensive scale,' fur au attack upon Quadel
loupe."
At the Ball lately giveb by Mrs. SCOTT MUlt:
ttAT, of Common 111111 par Maidenhead, the
supper, we arc told, weer I the produce of the
" labours of fire men-cooks and two coerce:
" tioners." if the Company, which consisted
only of 100 persons, did justice to these labours,
they must have been in fine condition for "trip.
ping it on the light fantastic toe" after supper.
A Witness at the Old Bailey, on Thursday,
imputed the corruption of a girl indicted for re.
lony to the Prosecutrix, a Lady 'of the Town, of
' the name of STRAT-rr m, promising to introduce
her to the Duke of QuEENSgurty, who woaltl
give her five guineas for every visit. The Jury
gave no credit to this testimony, finding it, as %.1
presurr impossible to conjecture the existence of
any rational object in the proposed visit of the
young lady.
' A fire-eating Spaniard, while exhibiting his
skill last month at Potersburgh,. unfortatiately
swallowed a piece .of hot iron, wbicli occasioned
his death in a few days after, in great agonies.
Early yesterday morning the Lefeester.waggon,
coming to Mr. Pickford's, the 'Whit,. Bear Inn,
Basinghall-street, mai robbed, between Finchley
Common and twee, of several bales of goods tau
a large amount ; the robbery was not discovered
till the waggon arrived at the inn, when it was
found the thieves had cut the cords of the waggon.
Thursday afternoon, a man, decently dressed,.
who appeared to be a carpeevr, walking 'Wig
Thames.street, near Dowgaie-hill, was jammed
between a waggon and the waif, a. d killed on the
spot. The toJy, was taken to Allhallows Church,
A patent has been lately obtained for splitting
hides, so that each side of it. may be manufactured
for the purposes fur which an entire hide has
tberto been used. • The grain side (or 'roaches, Stc.
and the flesh side for white leather.
At three o'clock yesterday morning an alarming
fire broke out at Dover, which burnt furiously
for some boors, and has totally destroyed the Lou.
don Inn; by the immediate arrival of the engines,
and prompt aid of the troops its the garrison, the
conflagration will fortunately prevented from
spreading.
Mrs. Dobson, one of the midwives belonging to
the Westminster General Dispensary, was safely
deliverell of three fine daughters ott Saturday morn-
ing., all of which are doing well.
Wednesday last, a priva!e;soldier, belonging
to the 82d regiment in the barracks at Brighten,
having been sentenced to receive a severe fiageNa.
tion, for repeated desertion, to avoid the punish-
ment, cut his throat ; and, at the moment
the guard entered the apartment in which he was
confined, to march him to the halberts, he war
found weltering in his blood. lie had, however,
although the incision. in his neck is is very deep
one, misaml.the vital parts, and he ii_PPggig4
realm,
