TI-lE_

•>.

MITHO.LICS 0.0"-.E,N6AaND.'
• •

of ethers? If in such circumstances we do so governed the Parliament with ehscltde, istit *; 'd the
y, ati
censure NAlNalten et his agents, it can be continuance of that pernicious system how seems the
only that centers with which the cautious swindler wish of the only person of the realm who has
•the
reprehends the daring robber;-r-we may blame prerogative of declaring war and making peace. 'To
indiscretion we cannot consistently condemn crime. early on this war it is necessary that we ally our-
.--The Negotiations having thus, as the Cols- selves to Austrians, Prussians, Russians, Swedes,
riff tells us, terminated, it informs us also, 44 that and strange as it should seem, but true as it appears "-jell' '
err,
Lord CASTLIREAOIR ill more particularly attached to Danes into the bargain ; all of '
whom we are obliged - Titertih7;Lws remaining into-
-
the Court of the Emperor ALEXANDER, and will to subsidize, besides many of the Members of
professing the 'lonian Cathofr
n, subjett them to filP"
accompany his Imperial Majesty in all his Marches the Germalii, empire. Why the people of the
I tai
and innvements." This is so obviously false, that United Kingdom should burden themselves with i abi
They. .deelrld, "
we arc happy to say k appears to throw some dis- all
,this for the sake of a paltry Electorate leges, of .•
credit upon the whole account. Of Lord Case lin Germany, is • question that no good citizen, then'fa,une•
user sou we have never thought highly ; we I can answer with temper' and which a quiet sub- I einv
eailitot, however, believe With the ignorant writer 1 jest, who deos not essat to draw the attention of
In the Courier, that he knows so ill bow to lan Attorney-General, would not choose to iitvesti-
myosin the dignity of his country, as to de- . gate. It will be enough to say, at present, that we
:grade :he Foreign Minister of England into a mere '; do hope, that the dreadful calamities which the pos-
etspernumerary Envoy to the Itossian Court !—" It , session of a distant dominion has brought upon Eng•
sienow ascertained," says the Courier, 46 that at the land, will one day force its few honest Patriots in
dinners given by Lord CAsTLEREAGH and Cassese- i Parliament to devise means how best to dispose of so
.COVRT) net a.single step was taken towards negocia. ! dismal a rent-charge. Lord OUTRAN said, more
lion ; ea/r: U foul snettre un terme aux malhcurs du than forty years ago, that they hid cost us more than
,seggi/A.akijautsNcovier ; and the Allied Ministers five millions of money, besides the disgrace of
.esight reply its the alfirreitive; in a very different sense, Closter Seven.
ainw,:ver, from tint in which the eipressious were used —wow-
-by CM: tirtetovect.?•s—Wiint an audacious libel is here! STATESMAN OFFICE, TWO O'CLOCK.
it mat'be, sielertheleit, true, since we know that ' There are various reports iu the City this morn-
"truth maybe i libel ! To what pitiful shifts and ar- . hag, the most important of which is, that a Telegra-
Agues are the Allied Ministers here accused of having phis Dispatch has announced the arrival of a Messeti-
itt Purse? Irun`;_hivf, mean, and contemptible the ' ger from Lord CASTLEREAGH7 with an account of
canning they ire Said
.to hare employed! In all , the different engagements between the armies under
s .
Awes; ilitercourse, that meaning, which is intention- I
BLUCHER
and BONApARTE ; but the particulars have
?oily conveyed, is the true meaning of the speaker— !
not yet transpired.—Another report is, that the
bet it alight be, in the opinion of the Courier,
Allies reached Paris on the 17th, and that it was in
'thighs intercoorse on the part of the Allied Minis-
1111*Als not honest. It is further stated by this flames-
aerie, that some time ago our.Geveritrnent deter- The Funds have rather advanced to-day as will
, . I
Aimed, after much deliberation, that no assistance of be seen by our Stock List.
lespoblic and omennible nature should be given to ' -
tilleanuaaoss; but that, in consequence of suhse- I Yesterday soon after twelve o'clock the Loan
. • .
-Ipsent events, this determination has undergone a :CIIIS4CELLOtt had an audience of the Pasece RE-
-considerable neodffication and change. If such be the : GENT at Carlton House. His Lordship remained
fact, we fully, concur in the exclamation with which .1 with his Royal Highness till past two. The Earl of
I,linvEneoos, had a tong- itudie.,ce of the Pumice af-
the precious article we have been commenting on
tereards. Earl BATHURST followed the Earl of
sCesscluiless AIVIUSt a crisis is Rt hand I•• What events •
.itisaitito.o s..
must be disclosed before th. expiration of even the i Yesterday the Dikes of foal: and KENT visited the
.znerling'week ! Whatever may be the issue, we here !Patrice REGENT.
• repeat a teeth, which no ont: can deny, which even The l'aisicE ItectsT has not left Carlton House
the audacity...of...the Courier could slot enable it to for some time past, in consequence of severe illness.
•., s s s'',_ few days ago his Royal Highness's symptoms
smears; to lull truth we request the attention of the A
!. . • assumed so unpleasant an appearance that repeated
.PailsliCa vie entreat the public to bear it in rement-
bleedings were judged necessary. His Royal High.
• branee—that the Allies might have made peace with ness is now, however, considerably better.
prance Upon secure en's honourable terms.-1 The Russian Ambassador hada long interview with
Whether they have acted politically in refusitT, ; the Earl ofl4vEitpoor. yesterday morn,
If indeed they have reftistai, frdo- so, eveuls Wsil i srlio*lirchione‘ of WsLLINGTOMI
, I ;nor party given by the Foil and Couti)
, prove ; that they have acted most unjustly and in.
Isom. on Thursday.
..e.oitelseently, is proited already. Whatever change I. We understand Government have
has taken place in the councils of the Allies, is prin. from all the regimental depots in Brit
...Amity to be ascribed to the intrigues of this country. :army under Lord WELLINGTON. Th,
-.That in this change all the Allies are eqaally cordial lave received orders to hold themse!
o. •
*ad eincere, is not to he believed, howeser powerful 'for embarkation.
of the nrijority may have been to pro-
smnig concurrence of their less mutable held'
. In the military operations which have !
In the event of a general Congress for Peace being i
his Excellency Count FERRAN NUNEZ %sill bet The cuttious hate assigned various causes and me-
t. • .- hasAm baapsis,riodinotredfoiroStspazivn..4.ftiTsThoe
pSEpßatnzishn
EGcoAvserrgnom,entot !, tilivottellattoldr tahte esxocuirusciloenzfn
ttl:e'seDasuokne. of
sComeAeuatseccteibteod
•
siiikiisttlY taken place its France, many well-in. ibe his Secretary upon the occasion. the object to inatrinsonint Views ; others to an ins
%Ted politicians think they discover pretty clear ih- i. Yesterday the dispatches by the Surat
,Castle, 1 portant commission respecting the intended union
Ada, Glation, Castle Huntley, Astell, Royal Ghee- • between the hereditary Prince of Oa 4NGi: and the
Alicitionsi of retorted energy and mitigated hostility
lotte, Marquis of Huntley, Winchilseu, and Europe, Princess CHARLOTTE ; and a third set of inquisituies,
*swards France on the part of Austria. Where, I. were dually closed at the East India House, •and de: -equally sagacious as the others, were satisfied that he
.daring these operations, has been the army of livered to their respective parsers. went over for the express purpose of hoisting the
110HWARTZENBERo, is the important question ? What I
GERMAN Sureeatas.—The following sums were I Dutch standard at the main, as Lord High Admiral
of•Alaillaad, -so soon as the Scheldt fleet should he
,bass it been doing whilst the other Allies have been so voted: yesterday by the Committee : 1 .
_ltumercifully treated? BoNAPAßTEhas,with very little Stettin and Dams nod vicinity . ‘3OO r; ' [destroyed at Antwerp. His Royal Highness's visit
issiies from Hamtittrgh - - sal ! .to the Low Countries, -after all, arose only out of
ippitrent fear for the safety of his capital, left it ex- Holstein - - - 530 an ardent and patriotic desire to unite his personal
Leip,i.., Chemnitz, Frt..yberc, and vicinity WOO
posed to thensercy of thiwarmy. It must be from one 2000 ' .aarricies with those of other Royal Chieftains, who
Drcs lea and vicinity -
AO the following causes that he has done this : • ea heroically contending for the liberties of Eu-
BRITISH PRISONERS re FRANCE.-011 the ap;-
Either he it regardless of the fate of Paris, or he i preach of the Allied Powers, the prisoners frondlare.
It is confidently stated that the. King' of:Waal-En.
does not believe the Austrian Monarch desirous of ; Biche (Masters of merchantmen) were marched to I
Rasa has consented to a separation from his Queen,
ifs reduction ; or, lastly, he confides in the spirit of ; Sedan, handcuffed together two • and ' t4iit With
i • • i the tate Princess Royal of England, and that ar-
theone long chain, which ran from one couple
.4 !
National Guards, and the ardour of the inhabi- 1 is have been made with the Prince Regent
;mother through the number of twenty; and on thdr i f V .., •
tants for Ka defence. Of these hypotheses the first is 10. aseemasio for the return of her .Royal Highness
1 arrival at Sedan had to sleep in stibles, on the bare
evidentlynnbeied.: The remaining suppositions may I • -.- s• • .- . Stilt .r . to this; country, as her future residence. Isicompa.
stones„ or do clamp straw tit pewee SA in erior,r-- ,
• • tibilit of temper; and various other causes, but
either be adoptedettlw discreticht (tithe Reader—from i The p*riSoders, aitonewy, of the !One 'rank, were Y, . .
i-Hollli iss them in the slightest degree affecting the ho-
"either of them,Aeweeer, this Wilt result,- that. the I marched off' a few hours notice, Beauvais, on ,
of herßoyal Highness,
'lour Royal Highness, have beeli assigned for
of the Coalition are much less bright than til'e ,5t4. 41 'January, whence, after remaining about ithititoiermituttion.
prospects 'l'he subject has been for a con.
!ten days,•iiiey, Vera removed to Chia, froat *MCA t .
they have been, or than they are even now generallysideritile time under discussion, and the, result was,
lace they ors in daily expectation of a counter- Lord CAsTLXILEAcit's departure, so
.believed -te be, and it is certainly somewhat unfor.l
pmarch, making Vim sixthdepot in which these %infer- at the e•lme
'ubes, that their claims shpgld become more awa re.ownfidee ,tly aetieipated we understand Lady CAS-
ttomato people have been confined during their capti- - 7
limnikilles a principal inaucement to accompany her
!St' Ohs their prospects become more gloomy.♦
V' 7 . vity ir France, namely, Arras, Verdun, Almoner,
Lord,; was for the purpose of attending her Majesty
it •- • - —0...-. • tongwY; Beauvais, and Guise. • • to England. A Ministerial Paper of this day.can.
P. Ilisapre the evils which are only to be cured by 'The Important question between the Company of tradieta the above, and. says there is not the least
theflilitttft *ice's or extent: under this undeniable' Proprietors if the Thames and Medway Canal and
foundation in truth for a single assertion it contains.
En end. to .this his Mejestes &steers, 'as to the boundary. of the
COVVIT•GARDEN TIIZATIM-.-LBSt night, being
*V, Via er, we may hope to see ,
port of London, ifs deternsined •In Mow- of thel
. the col lotion of Mr. KLAIBER'S engagement, the
, Aosta war, into which we had On business tp
Canal; by whicji4 is atteitalieill that its entrance ,a i house *ll filled to an overflow; to witness his per-
*enter, and out of which we might have easily and
near Graveseadis out of the port of Leudon,
, . I a" tforroance of Coto, which character this inimitable
tstineurebly withdrawn- several years ngo. We now that the:cargoes OVVitssels entering it are not subject i tragedian represents. with more •force of • expression
, f I
despair of any other remedy titan the one mentioned; to the London diitiee. , .s
.. and becoming demeanor, characteristic of that great
because, a certain Illustrious Person, now in power, On Wednesday were marchs:d into the Foot par
. .. • Korean, than any. other person in the •profeesion.—
racl9, Windsor, near three hundree nee young
in tkosSatne where he is informed by Portissr of the
did once condemn it, with the most marked senti-
mew, 'ill of them volunteers from the ha
. ae... Middlesex
k.i deatlstef -Marcus be was extremely fine, delivering
meats of reprobation upon the authors of such war,
Mina, with eight Officers. The be
-nit ' sth the words •
and its raining consequences. It is, however, regiment met them in Eton, and phiyid throagh . I'm satisfied
wonderful in the extreme to see . this same per- both the towns to the 'berrieks. Tile • regiment with each a widers of seined grief and pleasure,
soilage cling to this ruinous •
i.selicii
.they came to Windsor only amounted to 86, that drew from the audience thunders of applause ;
deemed necessary to restore eel!line,
t prosperity and nieluding the band, now they are, upaeards of 800 aed tieefouowing
. 17042, when to Strong, of. well disciplined from other regime
' -; men,
.. :3 ii r- -. • • Staab to the gods, my bey has dose kis ditty I
splendour iehich we experienced Mints.
three per cents. were within ate w find/MI of Pars The sower a Noble Duke, ••eimaibeionded from 'Baas',.Toott, id'with similar greetings. Ills soliloquy
iii_l_tielast Art was' delivered in that exquisite style
and Mr. Piro had not put forth his fatal system sorrow Stet on Thus}, ge'llniglst, was discover-
* ----44alleels ore Tuesday evening. of teeling, of which Mr. K RUBLE alone is capable;

TO THE HONPURAIIa THE' Gd IMONS DP THE
UNITED KINGOOIIII4O GEEAT- BRITAIN AND
IRELAND IN PARI,IAEIENT ASSEKELED.
TSC 11111d54:41'1100111 tft 711i0111 ,WilOsE NAMES Ant
__c_
141 ntursoritb, aciatiar c`ATitisf.4 OY GREAT 1,114.
?Alit
- StisliWnr. .
That 11* Laws remaining hr force* against persons
professing the Boman Catholic Re In Great Bri-
tale, subject them to many severe pedalties bald dis-
&Willies.- A . ;
They
_ciefrieb them of many civil righti *hi Et eivi•
leges, Of many 'heats of providing for themtePres and
theit families, add, of every legitimate -object Of' Orb •
ambition Of British Subjects, depress them in sneletft,
:And (what et this important moment is particularly
y • pier Petitioners) shut against them evert
*mune to the stations, in which they rteiglist other sise
hope to exert themselves honourably tint! Miefully, in
'the servieb Of their King and Country.. • •

That their declining to take the Oaths, the Wesel
of which siihjects them to the peueittes tuadidihili. .
ties of width they complain, ptoeeedi Mart theii•
conscientiAlladherence to tenets purely of a religi-
. ouswolatie(which do not in any matinei affect their
political, diva, or moral integrity ; that every pan-
: tipte' consittent with that integrity, which has been
imputed to your Petitioners, bath been explicitly
disclaimedaky the Roman Catholics in the ott.hs and
deeleratielfs jitescribed to them by the Legislature,
and that tbeirallegiance to their King and their at-
i tschunent to the Constitution, are pure, unreserved,
'and anqoolifted•
That is the years 1810, 1811, 1812, and 1813,
! Pedals here presented to your Honourable Home
by the English Roman Catholics, stating their griev-
I ancesk, ant praying relief, and that in the last Ses-
sion of the last Parliament, your Honourable Heyise
came to II Resolution. " of taking into its most se-
rious consideration early in the then next Session of
Parliament, the Laws affecting his Majesty's Roman
Catholic Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland,
with a view to a filial and conciliatory adjustment."
• And that in the last Session of Parliament your
Ifewourable House, in pursuance of that Resolution,
resolved itself into a Committee, for the purpose of
taking tlae said Laws into consideration, and did
then by a Resolution of your . Honourable
House, fully recognise the expediency of reliev-
ing youi • Petitioners from all the civil and mi-
litary disabilities under w!tich they labour.
That, •'eonfiding in that ResoliutiOit, and in de
.wisdom and integrity of your Honourable House,
year Petitioners humbly pray, that it will take into
its consideration the many penalties and disabilities
to whicA the R.omin Cathelim of Great Britain are
subjec.ti and adopt such measures for their repeal,
as your Honourable House shall in its great wisdom
and benignity deem expedient.

NAV4L INTSLLIGENCE.

River the Jolts,
Wimp& eerier. w ith a

ti's ships Fervent,
for the Downs.—
snderer.
.urklitod parked far Got-
Heligoland ; •hw tavern!

for the starving the people of France, and destroy=
ing the liberties of England. it was ungenerous in
Great Britain to endeavour .to prevent a neighbour-
ing nation rectifying the errors and Tian of its Go-
_
Ternment; it was unworthy of her ancient glory
and venwirt tor to war with that 'nation, heave'
it had resolved torekosseis its wonted and long-lost
Pecidum 01t I 4 Vicit the will of the alibleter who
I ,wits

ed on the Poresinougg...—_,
We tangent to learn that the aocoinplisheoli aniivet
tamable young Nobleman, toed Idenconyiners,
died at Allgood, hamsdiately. ton Ihotitriwirileat
from Palermo, whar• k had Wei felt toryetein,
411
the hopes of procuring relief feemoCeettigott
I•nary coomplaiat.
The music to the new Mele•Dialsoel.fortbcomi
'D ng
at Drill-lane Theatre, it by Mr. Hass:

user gua-brig with a

$611: :v
a .`•

it tillis4

!:Arl'.4lll

and in the prajer, jest bekie la expires, he was
awfulfy grand. The certain felt wide( Mud acela-
ntatietia, and shouts of brevet. •
We Andessteasi that a new .Review 'ls issedistely

firma REV. Clißlsroniglt WAILL:
• , •

42711011, wit.

litiikr,;blit beet! •

S

Dt they *he,' in this tielfiz Pdez
liamentary Reform; inardless of peindpie; pre.;
fume, at their own arbitrary d)seretine, •to propos-e
the revival of an experienced esti-, each, for Instaucei
as a trientiial Parliaesent,de those persons, I ask,
consider that they•asa doing? •We Mt** dot only
experienced the evil ssi" Parligiintit! -but
Ave know, as already abundantly shoson•,- ?bef its
Aest.introductintlivds,fts deep a, Mob as ttio•tensti.:
intim% ever received. its Not suet, evil 'toile et liected,
Ashen •preaumptueut Witt "Nett; liiiiisilf tip. est wispy,
than Gun Widen; ifeit•!Dit?nii kiiidoont, is- subSti-l-
toted Ifuninit folly ? 'When, far: eternal and stiserr-:
big principles, as the elides of political crutduct,
we are so besotted as to sat up .our own, ephemeral
and ridiculous conceits? Such it the rensutiing'sbat
.has hitherto taught me, as a Reformist, to elitism to
:.the principles of the Constitution, in txturempt cif
imagined expediency. at varianca.nith • those -pried.:
pies; and till that has occurred a itlibt an eiperience
of seven-atid,thirty }ears, during which' the subjact
has occupied my thoughts; has-only served to-:rivet
in lay Ihnt maxim of commno •life, as, applica::
We 4:this pu Reform, that hoilkily is the best
POLICY. • . •

Rut, on the iuppolition of yob!. iretterning• it
again, to get a trienseks( la place of 0 atiifcnitinl Pan
fiameot ; as well ns a pertiat change.in:he extension
and equalization of suffrage instead of ire change Kt
all ; still you take the wrong coarke.;ffie• ehtalnirse
such objects. Overlooting that Which. must be the
cause of success, whether Reform be attemptedpro-
gressirek, or at once, the moderate itvforinisw(es:
they like to call themselves) make no inipressinitsin
`the public mind. Could then milk, .Ihah. impresileihi •
rtheywould succeed. But th'ia, froniastrnitg
„OW at
Gonne, is impracticable.; wherefore moderate-Refertrii
.i'li the way hitherto attempted; is impriteticoble.-i
-Hence I argue, that tr you could actually prefer a
'triennial team annual Pariiament, it would still be
your pe/icy to contend fur the latter; and scsntso in
respect et. aoy partial, instead of a pureed, emend.
pent ofs.ittsresentstion..•
It is only for a rgument vake that I say hypothetkakhy,
rr you could ultimately prefer partial to radlcal,Ree
form (contrary to the evidence of your own writings),
even then, a little reflection, rightly (Weevily tnighe
convince you, that you hey*: hitherto followed a
. wrong course of poke. Even on .this ;hy eothesiki
it would be your interest to unite and cordially to 044
operate with the radical Reformists, is the sole means
of calling to your aid the resistless FORCE of paw.
tic opinion. • .
The sagacious faction, foreseeing in that FORCE
(if time should be allowed for its accumulatian) the •
certain destruction to rotten.borough usurpation,
would then manceuvre accordingly. 00 the hack'
tiled maxim of divide to conquer, the lure of attack
Reform, that is, of a triennial. Iler. liement with year
handreelfolgists, or some such tub to ,1 .
lithalft would, of course, be thrown•out.- amen
the professing Reformists. there 'bold()
..theisAlp.any
tcoosidereble number who really, preferred milli:mis-
chievous trash to the English Constitution, they,ky,
a timely. desertion from the radical to the ratter4os
1 rough stanjlard, might contribute to *trent. ,thy
growth and increase of public Opinion, therrlip hive
ing from ruin the boroughstnonger orisaOhy. .
,
1 am now supposing the existe9ca of 'mine so ig-
norant and so depraved, Os "sally to prep; 190
tlish as aforesaid to the ;English Constitiloss..--
i,Leavin such to Alit "effects of peer awn baii.jumsiiiia
brutal siailidity, liihallhei*:suerely derniinkfor a
'`momenta
.yOl- attaidien; as an heeeit.itifi-by.step
"Reformist, wlsOse oftireate
.ohject.is the same as; my
Own, ntionely, tr‘‘e pigiish.pberty.
.1 tar (hen Oh !, i,lit.,notAur common inte-
rest ' finite,, apillart, iy!..topplogserVe for calling
f' th nA ''
i '' !or it f o 'Petters, ut the.tor ...qt *Om .of
. 'the theopinionoh (lose IfitEF SIMPLE'
.11 , public • 4
I P OPOSMONS oiiihiCli pet, scat liberty and;
;of neeessary wises:plow,. the solid prosperity ant
true happlineas of 'our country whelly,depenar ,
2dly' 14 ring,. means, by these learned that tirs
-, e! 1 • ".
n•
ation per sctly underq
andsits rights, anfitthe solid
rounds o ~
Jen yi tit, must we net eo that, of all
ii rtli 'gh " 4
1 relents, rehall rrnirnt is the: most practicable; be.
4sitiuse tha,itonemor it .ir(o4( speak the voice of the
billion flAgifili`ein 'lheirlitiliport tile confideocp and
admire/ion of ie united people?' .
' 3dly, eSeeitie,that n 6 ilettital reforms* beatittiffl
In siinek,..l4eiftleet, 'or andenlible 'Oropcisition4,
in PetiteOet of tight, so •as to interest and unite in
their lispisolt. the injured nation, can the proposing
bf such partial reforms have any other effects than to
bring on the parliamentary movers of them public
alitrust, it not contempt.; and, by dividing the people,
Ito enable the borough faction to conquer them ?'
If, by any compromising manceuvre, the boroogh
faction should seem to give way, until it had &woe:
Certed the growing union and co-operation of Mei
reformists, that faction might Indeed experience a-
sort of momentary interruption in its scheme of our
,complete subjugation; but it would not, in effect,
have surrendered the certain•means to that end. It
is a serpent that, if not itself utterly destroyed,'
Faust and will destroy our liberties. Partial reforms,
at best, will only, in the end, render it more deadly.
for every seperate head you lop 61T,' two still
sprout out. You must at once deprive the monster.
of life. By the people's dkonion it is %effered to'
live. Their union would he its certain death.
. Al, then, to the most traitorous commies of the
Statelthe people's disunion promises a filial conquest
Di the! ‘tanstitution, see you not the laikeptabld
ihrror;• tlie grievous mischief of a co natiet''stlil Cli
must prodrite that disunion ; that of propesing Oat ii
unconstitutional, of asking for imperfection ? or, in
other words, for injustice, oppression, end slavery?
Were it natitough to submit to such evils when
imposed? Is there not, •in this case, an immeasura.
Ile distance between ea4vairting to, and pc:lllpoint
for, an evil ?
1 If Ibe in the dark, my prayer is for light., If
' deluded, lit me seek recovery' from the tialusiess.
To him who affords me aid 1 shelf he thavikfult." Ott

4

tas.--smie &me from the
warikOf the fin- eat . for Iradeia.--561ed the gym
wafts of Lists- ''. for °"1"114 •
Poorsmourn, Fga.lB.—Sailed his Majest
Gretirter, mid H 5 an store-ship, with sleet
e Ordered drafts 'West:inn wf hitrbniir ItiainJeity's ship Wnntl
rittio to joie the. Fosi-16.ss-Siiilicis ied the Auckino
'hose In Scotland • opts ;4114dir geill4eY Fes
for
11de°'
Ives in readiness-
$ antkatris. F0n."2.11:-i-Sallrd the ,IPhino
sae the Muse,
fnr Pnwrif. hninn 1uu 'l.ll .

ripeeis, in . We andentand that a new .11ovieor Is Imaomnately To aim *so auroras me MA i snmr ne InaTimui. ,u
411110/00. to bo commenced la Naliabergh, under the title of what basis of *rags, or of ri.creon, (Ines any ons ,
I' 411.,11410 British Retina; or, Cooolgoeioeatioar- test referi i'political geitle, an imagiged 'expe-
abseiling ailk OsPrissiPies Opeeitete the celehlegediieereel **e t 7 Has Pie a'Revolation,- to atan II
• i•• -s
poillsbei imam city. ,•-• • . bilk ‘reilloiillat that 114104 rotatirOm 'ibis eh-
. t .
I •• , ..oloollaw---illf:A -1.:.. ~. t. 1., .
•• • . .
• . .
C
. ,
. ... - ' .7--... r-,.•,. tt - • -4- , ..7.- -. ~.
