LONDON, SATURDAY', AUGUST 7, 1819.

" The (;erne for which HAMPDEN fell in /he Field, and SYDNET died on the Sci,rold! "

TIIR RFAIRNT AND MN rtnyAl. DUTIES—TIIII

PEOPLE AND THEIRRIDETS.
THE INDEPENDENT WHIG of To-morrow,
will efooftio • I.P.TTF.R so the PRINCE REGENT.
upon oh, ahoy,. wool gilally 11111p011111111sobjerss, frees the pets or
ALGKRNON s' al o same lelese.tleg Otwergaileas epee die
return .4 she Prioress of %Vales 1.1156 coonlr‘. •i,ll, ad artiste
110.41 Refers. mad some public spirited Remarks urea the
Plarardsef the Couistry Illegisiratee,sed the Ostetriatioist Pardo&
of the 4iddireir, for the potpie( id inti.idalle. she People fr low
lawfully *weeddleg to discuss their 'Devisees, and to sock tie
mew" Ceeditatirwal rrd rest.
ladepeadeot Whirallre, 41, Holly well street, Simi.

visited by en old woman, Helen or Eleanor Can-
ningham, who was a stranger to her, and Who, on
coming in, held some eon eeeee tion with fret, stor-
ing, that her mother was very angry ; end that
nothing would pacify her, unless the child was
siren to her (Cunningham) to lake it usury.—
Deponent d►clined &flog her child, as she appre-
hended it would be sent to the workhouse. Gen
sinkers swore it would set be sent there, said, 'het
she had neither chick nor child of her own, end that
the infant would be well provided for. She then sent
Mrs. Corns's boy for some spirits, and busing got the
child, went off with it. Mrs. Bernes boy followed
her, but vivid not possibly find out where the child
,was travel, sod the nether ►es never seen it since.—
The nett was so affidavit by Mrs Cunningham, who
was servant with a Mrs. Cronan, at the time Lord
Kilwerden was killed. Cronan dying, his widow
sailed to England, bat soon after came beck, when
she nes arrested for debt and thrown into the She-
riff's prison. There site wet visited by the late Co-
lonel Sergesson, end an intimacy having taken place
between them, a marriage was accomplished. Mrs.
Surgetecon, in seven or eight months afterwards, ea•
pressed en aoai►ty to hive a child from some quar-
ter or another, es she said the Colonel was of a most
violent temper, and nothing wnuld please him eacep
she nes a mother, he having considerable property In
England. The plan for palming 'child on the Colonel
was then devised, end s Mrs. Gibson told deponent
that she would find such • child in Sycamore-alley es
would soil their purpose. Thither she went, end
got the child, which was first token to the house of
Ferguson, a carpenter. and then to Defendant's
house. An annuity of IV. bed since been settled on
deponent, bat since Christmas only 11. had been re-
mitted to her. Several other affidavits were then
reed, by persons connected with the plot, all corro-
boretin the preceding case, end adding that • Mr.
Fitesimmo•s, a eergeon, was privy to the sel.eme
That Gentlemen himself acknowledged his ►ring
concerned in the imposition. In gasser to these,
was the affidavit of Mr. Was. Sewell, of which ell
that could be said was, that it merely steed that he
did not believe the story. There was en affitlasit also
by Ws. Sarcoma, denying the whole of the cave,
and that there bad ever been a plan of the kind el-
lied, for the child was regularly baptised es
her child, having been her• by her. Some does.
meats would, however, he produced, which would
prove that her affidavit was not worthy of the least
credit.

VALUABLE OPPOIITUNITY...- Now on
BALE is the C.iy.r. ad, in the fi wilco al Mr. FULLER
and sir. PEPPER, a ()Jim.ly of very rich COMPOST
MOULD, being nue half Oang.
It Is valuable far G aid Is a rich Criminal fur Go sr
Fos itenthres.
Cr Apply hi Mr. Coehrim. 7. nuke street, Grosvenor-
square, Sr la his Pomona. as she eremites. Cd,-road.

LAIV INTELLIGENCE.
COURT OF CHANCERY, Ago. C.
Tilt LORD 11111110, OF LLY V. LORD RING.

The !Ann CII isiccit.on. on coming into Covet,
stifled, that the pressure of other business had pie-
vented him from readisie over the atfidasila in this
case, bet be would certainly dispose of it nn Mon-
day morning. At the lame time he begged to inti-
mate to the parties, that on Tinsley he would give
judgment in that of Gordon v. Gordon.

The LORD CIIANCIttOR having looked et the IM.
davits, said he mild not read them, they being sworn
Wore. Master of Chancery in Ireland, and not in
this country. Bosider, the affidavits did not state that
the flip was to be beard in the High Court of Chan.
eery in England.
Mr. thee diii net 'epee the case to hate been
stool on a mere matter of form.

The LORD CHANCELLOR felt it Will his dety to
watch most narrowly earry word uttered by persons
in Poch a state and of mach a character as these per.

sons were.

Mr. ll*rr said, the whole object of Ms Client was
I dictated by the purest and most honest motives, and
from a desire to do justice to the girt end the family.
Mr. WINGVICLD protested against such being the
motives of Mr. WWII Client. That individral bad
some letters sent b► Mrs. Cunningham more thee
two months ago. Why then had he allowed the
case to stand over, and why did he sleep so long
on it ?

Th. Lamp Cu ticcaLLoa.—These 'We'll, mist

111 be sworn over again. I shall not read them as
Ihry are. Ire erre alsn the qeestion of costs.

ON (Xl-1:0Nli 4110 N.

[Cortimird frost nsrraper of the 99:14 mall

Having considered the diadesereges te sihich th•

new settlers, wear lite Cape, will be subject In respect
* f elm sit o, as also tbe evils arising from the &stance
of slavery, and the vicinity of the netivest; 1 .1.11
offer a few remarks on the plan detailed in the Mi.
taiterial Circalsr.

And first, I would ask, why do Ministers prefer
Africa to Amities ; why select the Cspe of Good
Hope Instead of either of the Canada ? If it thoold
be said that it is a warmer climate, it may be rema.k-
eil it is in an equal degree a more unhealthy one ;
though it be admitted the winter season is too cold in
the Canadat, yet it should be remembered that the
air is dry ; the winter uniform, and the inhabitants
are healthy. Neither are lb. winter, colder, or of
longer duration in the Upper Province than is parts
of the adjacent States of New York. Pennsylvania
end North Ohio. The soil is eni ily atlnered—
vegetation is rapid—all the necessities of life grew
in aboulante—population and trade have rapidly in.
creased and are daily increasing. The summers are
pleasant, and new towns and flourishing settlements
are continually rising on the immense Lakes, the
heautifel River Saint Liwrence, and in the interior
of the country, and no country posSetlel grater
facility of iodated Navigation. Ido not mean by these

• Ewan Oa Letter fro* a Mittionßry nt fh, Cope 411011
Hope in the Kew. D. PATSIII, of l',,notttlisro. n n .led Fe.
1816. "Is Ira. • tlerstlir ini e• itof (!ilostootbet). aft/
Hai Ike heat enentluedieng. Ike . /turner, laigla Inn., hr..,.
testae§ to in:mond beast. Thera:el mats foment, nod I foil It
Tarn( in items/ Looter. Throw. I.' . _

f The same IA isolororry o:-..rste..lon.—rt s nr:ei wag aoW
varloa•la egereived.llllohis `Viet we over s:tour In r erpost d
el all CO end Chrktito Sevier. end so novel io e:ord •f
wild Hordrren. We "nee deprlo4 of lM psi. f
1...1 'apnoe! or orvoget rn.4 .114 re to, eleven In
IM everting rem.. in the Illottltro.-o'r orrilesono. Tn. ego.' Meth
man it a perfect Orton. of reteery In eve reseral, tor w o
&vilely of ever) 11114 Mar weir. oerdoerr toZoinplt she *ono
of mon." '• The Be.hrpo hoer ors brenver, Sor hove no the op•
of sonsegallie bete sad The, hove on I lorloo.
mail
_piece of • skim of i wild besot, andt, blre mu ed tor
erreeir"

Picts 7 ft:

observations to delta' from the adantages pc- -•sed
by the Unite I S 'PI, IS Ikb are. irviewl, superior in
some aspects, thaseeh Unfit the es erre of 'teary.
the great warmth of the climate. and enrerteinty of
the sewn in the S cheat awl Mitt tie Star..., fl-re
Steal fall short of Canada. I Canada lads, clear.
ed or uncleared, may lag hnegla at reesonable price;
indeed hargit !um of the •re (ortolan'', gaol.
oil gratuitously by Goveroment,nr. condition I,'bring-
ing a certain portion int.. r
cellists, buildings, &r (*erred. err and po es
the ariv•ast-g. of an ettenti•e arm rivalled fur
trade, ll' e'•o most ealt.abl• fishprie• on the row,,
mouth of tlre S. lissramee. he !Toe en.- .to dear
trade are also maid,' -hie.- as ekes
grow in large q.:solities. Visaeda vipers to •P. West
Indies, stilt and dried fi-h, Sour, "Iseult. amber,
&c. ;a. d to Tr:ortspe lore, timber. *hew. &e. Irt
the year ISIS, 588 assets, 90.418 ton., an 4,045
seamen, cleared inset& the port ..1 Q.,phre ;and 409
tassels, 94 G 75 tons, and 4'43 Brinson, elated tat.
wards the MOO peal. Thi. shout the VIVO the
imports and capons. The iniennal trade is 'trolly
lootishing, the markets of Quebec and blowiest. ha
partituler, offerlog every ferili'y to the grower of
produce. The low rate of taxation enables the runlet.
to raise all the necessaries of life, so that the wedge.
lions of she earth come to the crummy, at a reg.
sonstile rate, while the sgricelterist Massing a (sir is.
monetation. The imports end 'spoils from Cscode
to the United States are very con.i.ler .ble. 'flit tart
years ago the former amounted to 75,5481., en:lntim
of 100,0001 worth of go:•ds, which were apposed
to be introdoced cleodesiitteiy ; the /sports sheet
annented to CS 5801., but this branch of trade is prat.
bably doubled since 'bat I.etiod The Canadas are
divided into tea provinces, sit. Upper Cooms, or
the country to the sooth.west of hionireal; and
Lower Canada, of which letter province Q lota is
the capital. Both Quebec end Nlont teal are 141 Mt.• of
considerable trade, size, end porulatinn; 'he former
containing 15.257 inhabitants, end the liner be.
lean 24 and `.;!5,000. Each province has a Parlia-
ment, entlsistint of a Legislative Coshed, named by
the King for hie, and a Horse r f elected
by the People, end the laws are atnittisle:ed accord-
hie to th. Lammers Isw of England, esrept that is
Lower Caned's, the inhabiants being de.cenried frost
the old French celftni ~,, she Ttial by jot Inly
exit's in criminal peetsedinga; but in Upper Canada
'aria, decide both civil and criminal C 1111.04. There
is 110 Nalioaal Debt—no internal fates, eseept for
Reads, Post.vffi e, &c.—no Escise—Cestem Duties
moflvtate (24;ter cent, on lotorira)—Trade is flourish.
tog, and has more than doubled withla the loge seem
years. It should he- revoked, that the Military
have no vceiniency ear at. Civil Authorities, nee
hes the Brilith Parliament any power to impose any
tales, except es far as regards the regulation of the
'sternal trade, and those taxes, if laid, are to bs
applied for the benefit of the eidony by the Pavia.
cial Parliament. It is tree, Mr. PITT once proposed
, to introduce Aristocracy into the New 'Fold as It
was about to expire in the Old, by making provisima
in tire Act establishitig a Constitution for It a Cana.
das (31 Geo. (II.) for the creation of a Canadies
• Nubility, but, fur some secret reasons, Ministers
have not yet ventured to carry this ridable'', scheme
into execution. lam aware eel lain proceedings bees
lately taken place in the Government and Parliament
lof Upper Canada, which no friend of liberty or jut.
lice can approve. 01 Mr. Gotntt.tv, or the merits
or his case, I know nothitig ; his imprisonment how.
ever, whatever be his alleged climes, is highly dis-
graceful, as there appears to be no intention of
bringing him to trial, and the law which loihoriees
tech a tiansaction, is similar in effect to the suspen-
sion of our Babette Corpus Act ; these proceedings,
however repugnant to our ideas of right, are in some
measure outweighed by the spirited resolution which
the IleJse of Assembly of the Lower Province re.
cently manifested, in refusing In vote the Call List
Estimates for a loner term than one year, which
clearly demoostratn that the People's Representa-
tives in that province (by far the most considerable
in lade and population) know their duty to their
constituent', and that man, slather of French
or Blitish descent, is equally reliable of cater-
standing end maintaining the principles of liber.
ty and equity, when not swayed by any selfish
!or corrupt biog. It should be remerkttt!, that the
Canadas, rvally with the (..reel Statcs, are ex-
empt from Game Lins, (the source of a thousand
MOWS in England,) and 'plies, at least the latter do
Inot affect lands held by Protertattel : and persona of
ievery religious p ion are alike eli!t,ible to cis.il
land military I.lfices, as well es to seats in the Legisla.
tile Council and Ilona of Assembly. It meat be
borne it, mind that the Soleairchly rf Canada is
rested in the Crown of the United Kln ,dons, and If
the people are well ranted, as they have art on.
doubted tight to be, I see tin reason why they ought
to desire a change ; and I em persuaded, that if their
crowth and prosperity are promoted by Government,
their tillettiainte will be more effectually a d then
by any double dealing, or oncanclid triratmetr +ltch
will tqlly rouse su‘plciotts in the minds of the Cane.
diens, and convince them that they ire, .quelly olth
the it.f.attianis of United Stir,. jects of
Minis .vial and eppteheir•lort, end thus lead
Islam so tecohil th.•se d...dres 411:ch the Ameriewne•re
apposed la rrilett•ltt fins luditl sr.
(pore i:httt their nittris.itte 'merit. If Ministers have'
cent acted 94..9 With record In the Cit,aries..,r
sh ow .I...bpr to tevern th.itlihertiee, or •ellyert
by corruption, and the introdoction weer. lloetsuo.
mongers &pendent. into celoniai -flees ; they (the
' Ministers) must aspect rbe Americana t rake 'dean-
mg. or ter.t •urh aent, to wrest Cavil' from us ;
and Witte La Alas should join in the enterpria„
muter,' 11iti only bare to repeat of th.:tr
