LONDON MARKETS.

CORN EXCHANGE, JAN. 6.
Since last market day there are very few fresh arrivals; the
quantities, however, remaining on hand are more than ado.
flume to the demand. Very few fine samples of Wheat are at
market, and such obtain a good price. All other sorts of Orain
art, exceedingly dull.
narvm.s—English Wheat, 1,660; Barley-, 760; 00, 7050 ; Irish Wheat, 10; Oats, 0,0 0; Foreign Wheat, 640;
Barley, 11,060; English Flour, 6,706.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, JAN. R.
The following IA an accurate Report of the numbers aid
priers atSmithlield Market this morning:—
CATT4E AT SIAIMET•
5401 Sheep
90 I Pigs
To sink the Othil, per stone of Bib.
Beef 4s Od to As 2d 1 Veal SA eri to Os Od
Mutton 4s 8 to As 2d 1 Pork
Lamb Os NI to Os Od.
HAY AND STRAW, PER. LOAD.
Hay XO 10 to £4 141 !Clover £
4 4s to 43 114
kitrsw ..XI 14s to X 1 Hts.

Beasts..
Calves

Tit EA! Rs Do us Fi bout lin If.past 4 o'clock
Totten* afternoon, a great part of the Metropolis was put
Into considerable alarm by all at once the appearance of flames
at a great height, which were soon ascertained to proceed .from
the well-known manufactory of Messrs. Walker and Parker,
the patent shownanu fact urers, on the south side of the Thames,
opposite to Surrey-street. The proprietors of the premities
cannot, at present, account for the accident ; for no fire had
been in the place since Wednesday afternoon, and the fire
broke out in the upper part of-the building. No workmen were
in the building, nor was business of any sort going on when the
fire appeared. After the breaking out of the fire at the top of
the building, the wind being high, and the ventilation from the
bottom upwards very strong, the fire soon descended from one
floor to another, until the whole pile, about 130 feet high, was
in one great blaze. The flames issuing from every aperture on
each side of this great quadrangular structure produced a grind
and terrific effect. The upper tower, as it was called, fell in
with a most tremendous crash ; and the lead In a Noid state
falling down, partly outwards, In nearly a constant stream,
was so frightful, and the heat proceeding frem the manufac.
tory so intense, that none of the firemen could approach the
place ; their efforts were therefore directed to the adiolOing
premises, which, with the immense property on the ground; was
of the first importance, a number of timber.lards surrounding
the premises of Messrs. Welker and Parker. They forte.
natcly succeeded, by the able aesiatanee of the two steam.
engines belonging to Messrs. Parker, which supplied water
from the Theme* to the Globe and other office engines, is;
allaying any appreheosions for the safety of the neighbour-
hood. .Bat the wind blowing eaaterly the flakes of tire fell so heavily in a large timber yard, belonging to Mr. %nubile-
um, situate immediately westward, that it was necessary to
employ upwards of 200 men in removing the fire from the large
pile of valuable wood "which filled his yea The property
lost in the building cannot at present be known ; but it is eon.
aolatory to say, that, as far as can be ascertained, )30 accident
occurred.-..'fire crowd wee great about all the avenues leading
to the site of the fire ; but 'the thieves were disappointed in
their expeehitions, for there wan a strong party of the Bow-
street patrol, headed by Mortis, Blackman, Ike., which tended
much to keep them at a distance,. mid preserve the premises
from any intruders. The property, we heard, is insured in the
Sun, Alliance; and Norviich Union Assurances Office*.

WLitt
On the 40 nt North Rapton, Norfolk, Lady Harriet
Gurney, of a eon.
On the 4th init., at 'her house on Stotkwelheepirnon,
Janie* Field, of a eon.

MARRIED.
On the 3d inst., at Hodington, Woncestershire, hy the 'Rev.Richard Onslow, Archdeacon of Worcester, the Hon. Arthur
Thelluson, fourth son the late and bilnlier Of the present
Lord Rendlesham, to Caroline Anna Maria, second daufrihnot
of Sir C. Rohell Codrington, Batt
• At Widthainstew, the Iter. Robert Ward, M.A., of Tim-
ford, to Miss An* Umphelby, of Walthamstow.
On Tuesday, the Pd inst., Mr. George Godson, Of Clerktto.
well, to Alin Sarah Hewer, of Newgata.rnarket.

DIED.
On the hth inst. * John Webster, Esq., of the Upper
Ilernmersmith, snit of 9occo.rtreet‘ Chcapside,
On Weilnesday morning lost, at hie residence m Ely-placea
Holborn, B. F. Harriet% Esq.

'EDE LONDON JOURNALS.
DAILY
Extracts ftom the Morning Papers, Jan. 6, 1526.

[NEW TIMM]
TIM QUARTER'S REVENUE.—Owing to the
new financial arrangements of last Session, which
have introduced considerable alteration into the
mode. of making ,up: the Revenue Accounts, the
Quarterly Statements wiJI not be completed till
towards noon to-day. We are, therefore, unable
to,lay the results before our Readers in a tabular
form ; but, from;what,we already know of them,
we can confidently assert that they will be found
to.be most,. satisfactory. The party who so re-
ceotly attempted to clamour down commercial
.credit, have ,within these few (lays endeavoured
,to do the same by the finances : but they will
find the task beyond their strength. The talk of
comparing the Revenue of the last Quarter with
that of the corresponding Quarter of the year
preceding—a comparison which, for reasons that
we shall by and' by state, is altogether vague
and inconclusive : the only fair comparison
which can now be instituted is between the
estimated produce of the year and its actual
produce. Have the expectations held out- by
the Chancellor of the Exchequer been justi-
fied by the result, or have they not ? We speak
confidently when we say they have been more
than justified. On the 28th of last February
Mr. Robinson opened his budget. He stated to
the Committee his calculations for the year, and.
explained the grounds on which they were form-
ed. He assumed the produce of 1826 for the
United Kingdom, at 56,445,3701. including the
usualbeads of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Taxes,
Post-office, and
,Miscellaneous, and also includ-
ing the sum paid by the Trustees of Half Pay.
The accounts made up to-day, as our Readers
know, are not those of the United Kingdom, but
only of Great Britain : the Irish Accounts must
of course, be a week behind the others ; but we
have the satisfaction to state, that up to the last
that have been received, they were going
on admirably : a spur has been given to Irish
industry in the course of the year, the beue.
ficial influence of which is no where more
visible than iu the financial returns. We pro-
ceed with our view of the Year. The sum paid
.by the "'Trestees of Half-pay" is fixed by agree-
ment at 4,470,3701. : this, therefore, cannot vary
from 'the estimate. The article headed 64 Miscel-
laneous" -is of minor importance, and will of
course,be one of the , last made up. The esti-
mated produce of the Stamps was 7.100,0004 of
the Assessed and other Taxes, :4,8,75,0001., and
of the Post Qffire 1,500,0001., making together
13,41.3,0001. We are enabled ,to assert that all
and each. of these have exceeded the estimate;
in fact they ,had exceeded it a week ago, some
more and some less, but all exhibited a surplus. The
two remaining articles are the Customs and Ex.
sAse;,., they were respectively estimated,to produce
11,350,0001.and26,400,000/.together37,7soooo/.
Now, in regard to these, so much alteration of
system has taken place by appeals, alleviations,
and transpositions of duties, for the relief of
trade and commerce, that it is impossible to state
with accuracy the precise bearings of those two
branches of revenue, on the estimate, under their
particular heads. What the result will be in the
aggregate, a few hours will show, and that it will
be perfectly satisfactory there is not the smallest
doubt. It Must be remembered, that Mr. Robin-
son, in his speech of February 28th, calculated
on a ;loss of 650,0001. below the estimate ; of
which 580,0001. fell upon the Customs and Ex.
ale. It must also be remembered, that subse-
a .quently to that speed( two' other large deduc-
tions accrued, viz. above 1,000,0001. for duties
returned on %slues in stock ; and about 350,000/.
for a duty on tobacco, which became lapsed
by an oversight in an Art of Parliament.—
These - three smut, therefore, of 580,0001.,
1,000,0001,, end 3500001., making together
1,930,0001., should be. deducted from the above
estimate of 37,750,0001. leaving for the expected
produce of the Customs and Excise for 1825, the
sum of 35,810,0001. It remains to be seen, by
the details Which will be furnished in the course
of this day,,,Whether the produce of the Customs
and EXcise together will fall short of, or exceed,
this sum, of 35,820,0001. In whatever degree it
may (acted that sum, in that degree will the
Revenue of the year exceed the reasonable ex-
pectations held out, by Mr. Robinson. We do
not like to pledge ourselves to any specific state-
ments; which we are not fully prepared to
justify by official documents ; but knowing as
we do what these two branches of Revenue
had produced, in England a week, and hi
Ireland a fortnight ago, and, knowing that
. very large payments have occurred since that
time, we do notlhesitate to say there must be a,
considerable .surplus: So much for the Year,
which, we repeat, affords the only fair ground of
comparison, and that with the estimate of its
produce. Upon the Quarter, as compared with
the corresponding Quarter of the preceding
twelvemonth, we do not venture to offer any cal-
-. culatiou. 1t seems reasonable to expect that. the
Quarter ending on the sth of January, 1825,
should produce more than the Quarter eliding
on the sth of January, 1826 ; for this plain tea-
eon, that many duties were in operation in the
former of those Quarters, which were rs.p'ul-
ed previously to this latter ; such as those on
Wine, Spirits, and some .minor articles. With
respect to more specific comparisons, they Would
be. still less accurate; for many articles, such as
Coffee, Cocoa, Wine, Tobacco, Pepper, Foreign
Spirits, and in short all imported articles, have
been transferred from the Excise to the Customs.
itgaiß, it is not to be overlooked, that large spe-
culations in fureign raw materials, especially Sill,
look place during the Christmas Quarter of
1814,'Which'imports having glutted the market,
and tended mainly to depress prices in that
branch of - trade,: it could not reasonably be
expected iftitt the , Import Duties on the seine
articles would be equally productive • in the
quarter just terminated. Upon the whole, as
we wish, en the one hand, to guard ourselves
against the charge of ,exaggeration, so we true,
on the other, we have proved the financial situa-
tion of the country to be most flourishing. Our

readers may Implicitly rely on the fatts..tbat we
have stated ; and for the coufirwation of our rea-
soning we appeal to, the further official details
*liich will be made out in the course of the day.

[TUE TIMER.]
A debate of much interest, on the subject of
West Indian slavery is reported to have taken
place at a public meeting in Trinidad on the
17th of November. The object of the Meeting
was to promote the establishment of a press for
advocating the cause of the West India colonists
in London, and to commit the management of it
to a Mr. James Macqueen. It appears to us that
there cannot be imagined any fair or reasonable
objection to such a measure. If there be amongst
the people of England any classes of individuals
disposed to carry their purposes, whatever they
may be, against the planters of the West
Indies by surprise or storm, either without
full information, or in spite of just and well-
founded opposition, we sincerely wish them
to be defeated in such an unfair project.
Whatever instrument, then, can be made con-
ducive to free discussion, and to a perfect
knowledge of the system which holds together
our colonial communities, in its principle, opera-
lion, and details, ought to receive the active sup.
port of every man who loves to do his neighbour
the justice which he would himself, as an Eng-
lishman and fellow-Christian, desire. Two
speakers, both apparently very able ones, at the
above meeting, objected successfully to the people
of this country, that they reproach their fellow-
subjects who possess property in the West
Indies, with that which, if it be a crime at all, is
the crime of England herself, of her Parliament,
and her legislation, persisted in for centuries—
viz. the existence of the state of bondage, and
the relation between master and slave. We do
confess that, in so far as the proprietors of West
India estates are attacked on this point, we con-
sider them roost cruelly treated ; for we have
never yet seen the argument alluded to receive
even the semblance of an answer. Moreover,
the chimerical scheme of putting a sadden end
to slavery, with a view to the happiness of the
slaves themselves, is one which, it appears to us,
that every honest and sensible man would be
ashamed to have imputed to him. It is known
that we are decided foes to the system of slavery
in principle or practice, but really, considering
the condition of the Negroes, and what has al-
ways been their condition since they were first
torn from their original soil, he who could now
talk of giving them at once absolute emancipa-
tion, must be iu his heart a secret advocate for
slavery, by exhibiting it in advantageous contrast
with the confusion and wretchedness which would
inevitably follow its abolition. All that any Mail
who is alive at once to the interests of justice
and humanity can consent to is, a progressive
preparation of the slave for the duties and privi-
leges of a freeman. In that course it seems to us
that the Government is proceeding with quite
sufficient celerity ; and those who would goad
the King's Ministers to an interference with Ole
colonies more impetuous and coercive, are bound,
in our opinion, to make out a strong case of ob-
durate resistance on the part of the colonists, be-
fore they can justify their own more peremptory
and overbearing course. The Trinidad speakers
say with truth, that long after the capture of the
island from Spain the ItritishParliament forced the
importation of slaves as the condition on which a
right to land should be acquired, and this,
because we were then in want of sugar ; while,
now that it has become an object with certain
persons to obtain a preference for East India
sugar, the individuals who acted under the pro-
visions of the former law and policy would be
sacrificed by them without hesitation or remorse.
We are, conscientiously, friends to the freedom
of the whole human species ; but we have been
brought up in a reverence for equal justice, and,
as Englishmen, we like fair play.

[MORNING POST.]
Paris Journals to the 4th inst. reached us last
night by Express. Nothing official had yet been
received in that capital to elucidate the settle-
ment of the great question which keeps all Europe
in suspense. One fact, however, would seem to
intimate that it was decided,' had it not also oc-
curred in other countries without producing con-
viction. We mean the taking of the oath of
fidelity to Constantine. This oath was admini-
stered on Monday lust in the Greek Church
in Paris by Count I di
,Borgo to all
the Russian subjects belonging to his Lega-
tion.. We also find that it was taken by
all the corps of the Russian army Ili Mo-
hilow, under the directions of it General in
Chief, Count of o.iten Sacker. The Journal des
D6bats endeavours to reconcile all the contradic-
tions which xontintie to prevail by suggesting—
" that note, ikhstanding the document which esta-
blished the renunciation of the Grand Duke Con-
stantine to the Throne, his brother Nicholas had ,
the delicacy to cause him to be proclaimed Em-'
peror. That the Grand Duke Constantine, on
the other hand, not doubting but the publication
of this document. at Alexander's death, had pre-
vented his being 4 proclaimed, dispatched the
Archduke Michael to St. Petersburgh, with a
written confirmation of his renunciation of the
throne. That the Archduke Michael having met
atMittau,within three days journey of Warsaw,the
courier bearing the intelligence of Constantine's
proclamation in St.Petersbuigh, resolved to wait in
that capital for further orders loin him after he
should have learned that event, instead of com-
municating at once the message with which he
had been entrusted. The journey to the Crimea
mode the Emperor Alexander acquainted with
the little real progress that had been made by
the now Colonies and the other establishments
formed by his orders. The vexation which this
circumstance caused him, and his ettreme acti-
vity in investigating the obstacles to the civiliza-
tion of the Crimea, had placed the Emperor in a
state of mind which contributed to aid the pro-
gress of his disorder.

[BRITISH pltEss:3
Last night we received the Paris Papers of
Tuesday. Thuy do not furnish um with a single
word of intelligence from Russia. The Journal

des Debats offers an explanation of some ch.-
cumstances which were supposed to be incom-
patible with the fact of the accession of the Em-
peror Nicholas :—" It appears that notwith.
standing the document which declared the renun-
ciation of the throne by the Grand Duke Con.
stautine, the Grand Duke Nicholas, had the de-
licacy to proclaim him Emperor. The Grand
Duke Constantine, on his part, fully believing
Michael met the courier bringing the intelligence
of the proclamation of Constantine I. at Mittau,
three days' journey from St. Petersburgh, and
two from Warsaw. Ile has since felt it his duty
to wait at St. Petersburgh for dispatches from
Constantine, subsequent to his receiving the news
of his proclamation. Five or six days would be
sufficient for that purpose." Another account in the
same journal is, that the Emperor Alexander had
some time before his death to write a letter with his
own hand to ConstantinelAwhich the latter, it is
said,had sent the Grand Duke Michael to deliver,
that this document promulgated by him on re-
ceiving the news of Alexander's death, had
prevented the proclamation of his accession,
sent the Grand Duke Michael with a written
confirmation of the document declaratory of his
renunciation of the throne. The Grand Duke

in person to the Empress Mother at St. Peters-
bit rgh. The Courier Francais mentions a report that
the object of the G rand Duke Michael's mission was
to stipulate, as the conditions of Constantine's
abdication, that all the Polish provinces now in-
corporated with the Russian Empire shall be
restored to that kingdom which is under the reign
of Constantine, to resume its independence, and
that the provinces of the Crimea and the establish-
ments of the Black Sea shall be formed into
a Principality for Michael. These of course
can only he conjectures, and are, therefore, en-
titled to little regard ? one fact is worthy notice :
On Monday M. Pozzo di Borgo, the Russian
Ambassador at Paris, administered to the mem-
bers of his legation the oath of fidelity to the
Emperor Constantine. It is remarked, however,
that M. Pozzi di Borgo did not attend at the
Tuileries on New Year's Day with the rest of
the body. He is said to have declared that, in
the utter ignorance in which he finds himself as

to what has passed, he considers himself ut pre-
sent only as the keeper of the archives of the
Russian Legation.

[THE PUBLIC LEDGER.]
We have received Ilamburgh Papers to the
31st ult. These Papers will now supersede
those of the French Capital, in point of import-
ance, for the politics of the Russian Court, to
which the former City is much nearer, promise
henceforth to fix the fears and the hopes of the
rest of Europe. The last advices from that re-
sidence, through this channel, which distinguishes
itself from the other, even more by its accurate
than its prompt mode of communicating, are
dated the V/th ult. and from one thing is
clear, that the pretended abdication of Con-
stantine was wholly unknown, and appa-
rently wholly unexpected there, at that date.
They announce, however, the arrival of the
Grand Duke Michael from Warsaw ; and as it
was said that he had been charged by his brother

to renounce the Crown in his name, it would be
very strange, if there were any truth in the pre-
tended object of his mission, that there should
be no intimation of it in these advices. They do
not throw out as much as an obscure hint on the
subject ; and in noticing the Grand Duke's ar-
rival, merely ascribes it to filial duty ; whilst
they notice, at the same time, the agreeable sur-
prise which it had occasioned the Empress
mother. In the mean time, all the ceremonies
customary upon the occasion of proclaiming a new
Sovereign had been performed in the name of
Constantine, and the troops had taken the oath
of fidelity amidst vivals, it is said, for the present
Sovereign, and tears for his predecessor. These
and other demonstrations clearly shew that the
slightest suspicion lwas not entertained in any
quarter that this Prince, %%hen the most glitter-
ing prize of human ambition was unawares offer-
ed to him, would refuse to accept it. The con.
tsary supposition is certainly more consistent

with human nature, and with his character in
particular. At the date of these advices Con-
stantine was expected to arrive at St. Pe-
tersburgh, a supposition which seems incon.
sistent with another paragraph, in which it
is stated that letters from Warsaw, two days
later than the former, make no mention of his
departure from that city. It is still more incon-
sistent with another intimation, which says that
Nicholas would go to Warsaw, to hold a con-
ference with the Emperor—the name by which
Constantine is uniformly designated in all these
statements. Had the crown been offered to Ni-

colas, is it probable that he would leave the
capital of the Empire ? But the report of the
journey to Warsaw perfectly agrees with an

earlier oue, which said that lie had been ap.
pointed by the present Emperor to succeed bin
in the Viceroyalty of Poland.

[MORNING IIERALI).J
The common law of England has fallen into
sad disrepute with a certain class of our" Re-
formers." its antiquity gives them great ofrence.
The statute-law is equally odious, we presume,
on account of its novelty, though some parts of
that are pretty old too. It is evident that if
these politicians bad their way, the fable of the
man with the black and gray hairs would be
realized, and England would be left as bald of
both ancient and modern laws as any admirer
of the perfect freedom of human nature could
desire. it has happened unluckily for the
reputation of an American writer, that, not
being enlightened yet by the theories of
our modern " philosophers," he has ventured
to express an admiration of the English coin.
mon law, and even to prefer it to the variety
of " codes" which have issued from the prolific
brains of the constitution-makers of our day.
What ignorance! w
hat presumption ! ft is not
endurable that an American writer should look
at our institutions but through the spectacies of
" Radical Reform,"—SO think some of our volun-
teer lecturers on law, and they have accordingly
given this simple Jonathan a suitable castigation.
The obnoxious article having appeared in the

last number of the Nortlu American Review, that
periodical is likely to be held in as much detes-
tation among some coteries in this countryos
a heretic book. is at Rome. It will be, thought
not fit to dispense any light but that of its
own conflagration I The editor of this work is
certainly lost beyond redemption unless he sees
his error in time—does penance in a san.benito—
forswears all respect for the laws of Englendv
and acknowledges those who laugh them to
scorn as the only wise men. On those terms
he - may probably be forgiven, and even, in
course of time, commended, if he takes care
to light his taper for the future at the lamp
of our Savans of reform. flow ill-fated has
England beeir, that she ever had legislatures be-
fore our time! how stupid, how incorrigible her
intellect, that she should have been content for
some hundred of years with many of her own in-
stitutions, without resorting to the shops of the
constitution-makers on the continent for systems
which, like a " portable writing-desk," she
could take with her or lay aside when she pleased.
What happy times they must have been for the
French people when a phantasmagoria of con-
stitutions, and codes passed in as rapid
and diversified succession before their eyes as
the changes of a magic lantern, while all the
time the English people were condemned to
enjoy a monotony of their common law—and yet
had not good taste enough to feel themselves sur-
feited by it ! But surely better times are ap-
proaching, when the common law will be as odi-
ous as it was under the reign of a great reformer
of ancient times—we mean Jack Cade, who,
when one of his followers asked, as .a boon, that
the laws of England might come out of his
mouth, answered, with the modest liberality of
a modern philosopher, " I have thought upon
it—it shall be so. Away I burn all the records
of the realm ; my mouth shall be the Parliament
of England !"—Let the American Reviewer think
of this, and never again express an admiration of
a system, which was so long ago abolished by
Jack Cade, but which unhappily reviekl after
his popular administration I

NORNING cnaoruct.v.l
There was nothing in the Money Market yes-
terday to elicit a new observation. The prices
of the different Stocks were nearly the same as
on the preceding day, and the fluctuations scarce-
ly worth recording. The premium on Exchequer
Bills and India Bonds advanced; but, upon the
whole, there was not much done, and the most
fertile imagination was unable to raise a report
calculated to produce the slightest bustle in the
Alley.—We understand that the discounts of
town bills, in the Bank of England, have sensi-
bly diminished ; and the only surprise now is,
from the evident abundance of money, that the
Directors are enabled to get good Bills to dis-
count at 5 per cent. It is calculated that they
will not long have this advantage, and that in u
very few days the accommodation in the commer-
cial circles wit! be as great as the legitimate
transactiens in trade can require.

UNITED STATES.
NINETEETH CENTURY.
The Senate consists of 48 members, the House,
of 213 representatives, besides u delegate from
each of the territories of Florida, Arkansas, and
Ilichigan. The delegates have no vote, hut in
every other respect are upon the same footing as
the representatives. The ratio of representatives
in Congress, is one member for every 40,000 of
the representative population of the United States.
The members are apportioned, according to the
census of 1820, as follows :

No. of Reps. Population.
34 New York - - - . 1.368,775
25 Pennsylvania - - . 1,049,449
22 Virginia - - - . 859,303
14 Ohio - ? - - 581,431
13 North Carolina - - - 556,821
13 Massachusetts - - - 523,281
12 Kentucky - - - - 513,623
9 South Carolina - - - 699,351
9 Tennesse - - - 390,569
9 Maryland - - 364,389
7 Maine - - - - 298,335
7 Georgia - - 281,126
6 Connecticut - . - 274,208
6 New Jersey . . . 274,551
6 New Hampshire - - 244,161
5 Vermont . .. . 255,764
3 Indians - - 147,102
3 Louisiana - . - - 125,779
3 Alabama - - 125,342
2 Rhode Island - - - 83,038
1 Delaware - - - 70,943
1 Missouri - - - 62,496
1 Mississippi - - - 62,320
'knurlTilointt°tlsEs—M ic-higan - - - 64,843
- - 1 delegate
A rkansas - - do
Florida - - do
[NoTEA
PAY or MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
From the first Congres, in 1780, inclusive, until the 4th of
March, 1795, Senators and Representatives received each six
dollars per diem, and six dollars for every 20 miles travel.—
From the 4th of March, 1795, to the 4th March, 1796, Sena-
tors received 7 doll. per diem and 7 doll. for every twenty miles
travel, and Representatives only 6 doll. • From the 4th March,
17911, until the 4th December, 1015, the per diem was 6 doll.,
and the mileage 6 doll. to Senators and Representatives. From
the 4th of December, 1815, until the 4th March, 1817, each
Senator and Representative received 1,600 dollars per annum,
with a proportional deduction, for absence Iron, any cause but
sickness. The President of the Senate pro tentpore, and Speaker
of the House, 3,000 doll. per annum each. From the 4th of
March, 1817, the compensation to members of both branches
of Congress has been 8 doll. per diem end II doll. for every 2(1
miles travel.

CITY OF WASHINGTON.
To a Report of the Select Committee of the
House of Representatives, to whom was referred
the President's message, in relation to the sale of
the public lots in the City of Washington, is an-
nexed a statement, which shows that, from Oc-
tober, 1791, to August, 1823, there were sold
6,724 lots, for 716,444 dollars and 72 cents ; that
of this sum, 584,178 dollars and i 3 cents had
been paid, and that 132,266 dollars and 59
cents were due. Interest on the same had been
received to the amount, at least, of 918 dollars
and 53 cents; and the amount received as for.
tenures, was 1,663 dollars and 89 tents. The
money, it seems, from an account officially ren-
dered, has been expended principally on the Ca-
pitol and other public buildings, and for other
objects of national convenience and importance.
The lots which belonged to the United Stated,
and 'omitted unsold on the Bth day of May,
1821, amounted to about 3,412-, containing about
26,453,733 square feet. A few of these lots

have since been disposed of. It will thus be
seen that the property of the General Go-
vernment, in lots, in the City of Washington) y
still of much value.

NATURAL GAS.
The Editor of the Fredonia, (Chautauque)
Censor, states that he has the pleasure of anomie.-
lug that the arrangements for constructing a
gasometer and laying down lead pipes for con-
ducting the gas to a number of buildings in that
village have been carried into complete opera-
tion, and that he witnessed on the evening of the
30th ult. the buring of 36 beautiful clear gas
lights. From this gasometer, (which, as well as
the manner of obtaining the gas, is minutely de-
scribed,) 150 lights can be supplied, and there is
now gas sufficient to supply another one as large.
The concern is in the hands of a company, +'h°
propose to extend the business as soon as they
can procure additional lead pipe from New York.
The gas is supposed to be inexhaustible ; and
they expect to furnish the gas lights at half the
price of candles.—" The doubts and surmises of
sceptics at the commencement of this undertak
ing' to light the village with natural gas, (says
the Censor) have passed away ; it has passed the
ordeal of Dr. Mitchell, (to whom a bottle of the
gas was sent) and is pronounced by him as an
instance unparalleled on the face of the globe.'

AMERICAN HEMP.
On the 17th of May, 1824, the Senate passed
a resolution, requesting the President
of the
United States to cause a report from the Secre-
tary of the Navy to be laid before that Will,
showing the reason, if any, why canvass, cable'',
and cordage, made of hemp, the growth of the
United States, might not be used in the eequip'men! of national vessels, with equal advantage as
if of foreign fabric or materials. The ,SecretaTl
answered this inquiry on the sth of January:
1823, and the president communicated it to the
Senate on the same day. The resolution bad
been referred to the Board of Navy Commit..
sioners, and a variety of questions were pro-
pounded to growers and manufacturers 0'
hemp : and from the replies of these, I‘ll.
Secretary Southard drew the following coo-
elusions : Ist, That hemp may be cultivated
in the United States to any extent which
their necessities tnay require. 2d, That, in th"
present mode of cultivation, there are some error,
which may be readily corrected when more atten.
tion is paid to it. 3d, That, in its natural state,
it is, in all important qualities, equal to that
which the citizens of the United States are in thts
habit of importing. 4th. That it is injnred
the mode of rotting and preparing it for tnanufac'
ture. sth, That, if sown thicker on the gronnill
water-rotted, and prepared with care, it will be,
for all purposes, equal to any other. 6th, An'l
that canvass, cables, and cordage, manufactured
out of it, as now cultivated, are inferior in colour,
strength, and durability. to those manufactured
from imp wed hemp, and consequently are not 49
safe or proper fur use in the navy. He concludes
by observing, that this is the reason, which the
article; mentioned, made of American hemp•
may not be used fur the equipment of national
vessels with equal advantage as if of foreign fab-
rics or materials. As to the rotting, the
objection to hemp, the growth of the Unit'
ed States, is, that it is dew•rotted, instead '
of being water-rotted. The Commissioners 0t
the Navy, in their statement, represented that
they had purchased a considerable quantity 0'
canvass, made in the United States, of tlax groat:
at Fairfield, in Connecticut, where they are .
the habit of water-rotting it, and its quality wt"
not only considered sufficiently good for the ser-
vice, but equal to that of the best imported CO;
vass. With the report of the Secretary of the
Navy was sent a valuable paper on the culture
and preparation of hemp in Russia, transmitted
by J. Q. Adams, Esq. when Minister at Pete"'
burgh, in March, 1810.

• /MISCELLANEOUS.
New-Yonx.—The belt works in Onondaga,
1800, yielded 42,754 bushels of salt—in 3823'
606,463 bushels, the State duty on which a tnoold:
ed to 7,303 dollars, 87 cents. From the spriag'
in Salina, Syracuse, Liverpool, and Geddesberit
it is calculated that at least 3 000 000 bustlelt
could be made, should the demand justify it. •
KENTUCKY.---A Lithotomical operation iftt
successfully performed in Georgetown, by DT,
M. A. Feris, and A. Keene. The patient Is
vanced in age, and has been afflicted with the
stone for 20 years. The stone extracted weighs
about an ounce, is of a brownish colour, Pre"!
solid, and much in shape like a biscuit.
NI ASIA CIIUSZTTS.—A hair CUM.!' in Boston - d
vertisea that " after great study 'and profoo
research, he has at length discovered the 1'13!
Venus de Medicis, and Apollo Belvidere style
—lie can, hy the perfection of his art, convert
the grave moralist into the fop, and the daudl
into the philosopher.
FLont D A.—A t the dinner given by the 00%05
of Pensacola to our Naval Commissioners, on 11'8
128th of October, Captain Warrington gave til°
following toast:— _

don c
,ft ,ftßaierwie
dtilboori,;:i:ye—thiAsessrlltatap
0,
ihAngoNduoi;
aiho.
_vntheare;::gy oeartden:i
mile. The Editor weof tshteateNdetwil:Pt
moat important members." ogeisitirelt
eepl:tesurttsob:Oihtiltiljecssrctu(ti,clii
attatillioerirseU:ouefteal
errtee:
informs us,
of Narragansett Bay, the number of square wile:
that deducting the are:t
in the State is about 1,100. This will give iii
rhotefltPte:ipePuuwbialaittceificrg:
average of about 77 persons to the square mile,"
a denser population than can be found In and
other State.
The aggregate number of the Militia of 111°,
United States, as returned, is 1, 7 047 743 0• of vllOl
.
148,719 are counted for New York, and 15*,i'1%
fur Pennsylvania.

quantuM, to 00r
ARBROA.TIio--We are glad to learn that 4,
worthy representative, JosErtl Hu 're has yrry ha
warty ordered 100 birrets of cOals, in addition to the 0,40
doubly seasonable, from the scarcity and high price of that
di be distributed among the eoor. His booP. ,
spensable coinfort.--(Edhrtureh Sttir.)

Printed and Published for the PROPRIETORS, at ...-
SV*
OFFICE, No. 112, Strand, by J. 13. CAR 3 TAJO.
