leave 46 bring in a IMII. for altering and making
more effectual the for deciding "contrilvevted
Elections of INlrmbers returned to serve in Parlia-
ment, and also for leave to bring in a Bill to se-
cure the more resuhir. conveyapce of Xlection

writs.
Leave was !riven to bring in the Bilis.
The Irish Widows' Pensions Bill, and the Irish
Cotton. Bill, were read a second time, and com-
mitted for to-morrow.—Adjourned.

A-NOTE
ON AN ARTICLE IN TliE INIMITEUR.

Hva.a.unaft, APRIL 17,—For a series of years
past, the tyrant of France imposed upon the world
by lying Bulletins—trod shamefully upon the
rights of men.. aiming at nothing .less than the
ditTosion'of universal slavery.
The snblime resolution:•of burning' Moscow--:
the noble ipiri,t.of inturrettion in the inhabitants
of the Ilanse Towns, ha., e wrung- the sceptre of
tyranny from the hand of the iniquitous monster
Who wielded •
• Unable to strike terror any more into the
.hearts
of the brave people of Getmany, menaces and in-
vectives are used, particularly against the Ilam-
bro' llgnseates.
In one of the diloniteurs just received, we find
the toll Owing phrase concerning the insurrection.
at Thenburgh :---We had the simplicity to con-
tent ourselves with sixteen millions to re-buy
the English nicrchandize—it shall not be-so this

It were useless to refute the charge of our being
rebels ; the world knows that we were taken by
surprise, robbed of our free and Constitu-
thm—of personal safety, liberty, and- property.—
Not even the slightest ground .of justice can be
alleged for, such an act. 'We were not at war with
France—had never offended her : on. the contrary,
our treasures and . our houses were laid open vo-
luntarily, or forcibly, to feed and assist her troops•
We rejoiced—we illuminated—westing TeDeuin
—we gave balls—splendid entertainments, when
it was required, or ordered from Paris. •
Seven miserable • years of slavery have cost us
• the inntrense of.almtist seven millions sterling.
Still all these sacrifices could not preserve our
happy Constitution, nor even procure the advan-
tage of being ti eget! With any kind of lenity or
regard, which are not uncommonly shown by gen-
tlemen or:the high road, partieularly when they
are satisfied with their booty. -
It is, howevee, not 'intended to cubit ge lie; e
upon a toPie,souniVersally knOwn aro! complained
of. The principal object is, ,to clear up and state
to the world, the conduct crf llarnburgh with regard.
to the • 16- Millions which Buonapnrte pretends
to have been simple enough to content• himself
with, avowing, that it should not be so for the
tu-
ture.
Infamous, infamous avowal! So, yOu arc not
conteuted with the result of yOur robbery ; you.
• will come again. and-steal more.
You will, over and above what you have already'
got, deprive the poor, poor and totally impover-
isbeil inhabitants of flamburgh (thanks to your ty-
ranny for that) of the last morsel of bread they
may still be possessed of..
You wish to drive them to the last refuge of de- .
spate, in order that they may sack for a welcome
death in those sane Caoals, which;underthe libe-
ral protection of England, formerly conveyed joy
and prosperity into their houses:
Your expression seems to imply, that the six-
teen millions unjustly extorted from llamburgh
had been ultimately reimbursed by the
This you know to be a falsehimd.'
The case was thus, and the truth °Nile follow-
ing Statement can be 'asserted on,path
After the unfortunate battles of
,Jena and Lu-
beck, General ;Monier advanced with
.15,000'men
to Ilamburglh At the distance of about eight
Miles, at 13ergedoff, he wrote ri very polite letter,
to the Senate of flauthurgl4 communicating his
Imperial orders, and the urgent necessity for ovetr-
pying Ilaniburgh militarily,. but that lie ,would not
interfere with its gocernment ; -on the con-
trary, be pledged his Word, and that of his Mister,
that our independence; property, persons, &e.
should be protected'. • • ,
As resistance was neither possible nor advisable:
under existing circumstances,
-our giitti were
,
thrown open. ,
ln Spite of Mortices solemn deelaration, be ter-
rified the inhabitants ll;atribuigh the very 'next
day, by presenting to the Senate the foliciwing iu
strunictits

st . The Berlin Decree of Bi it ish Blockade, &e.
2d. An Order for delivering, "under pain of
death, all Englidt property and gOods.
3d. A demand for 150,000!pair of shoes, 50,000
great coats, and 1111111CIISC other supplies forthe
Grand Army.
The General Assembly of Citizens ivaa obliged
to submit, and ',rant every thing.
An hundred thousand inhabitants had besides
•
quartered upon them . 0 •
1,000 men for years toge.
tiler, and entirely at their expense.
The subject of the demaqd for English pro-
perty and goods will warmly debated in the Ge-'
.nerai Assembly of Citiiens, anti with the dissent
of setae few only who are not in trade, the fol-
lowing resolution was carried;—
" That althungh no resistance could he 'made,
still it was out. duty to protect the English pro-
ptietor, who burl eonlided.his property into Our'
hands ; anti that it would redound infinitely more
to our honour to lose our fortunes, lOACII, in
bettertimes, Ulla by good' character, might be
gat again, than to suger the individuals of a great
commercial, liberal, 'grateful, protecting nation,
to partake in our misfortune,,, by the faith t.:hich
had been placed in the protection of our Govern-
ment."

The whole amount was afterwards 'settled with
Mortier for sixteen millions ready cash, although
the value of English property u.A by no means so
much ; but, there was nu bargaining, since the
General got a share. • a
The public in England, and elsewhere will now
be convinced, that in his dealings with liamburgh,
the simplicity or the Emperor was not 56 very
great, at least it was by no means equal to that of
thrusting himself with 550,000 men into the heart
u_ Russia.

rjucE OF STut
Dank Sine 21 217
Navy 5 per Cept. sal 89 891
4 par Cent. ni 78/, 7:3
4 per Cent. Pril, hsi
3 per Cent. Coils. 691/i VO
linnk 14
India Stock, mei
India Bonds, ss. ls. gi, die.
