pitITISEI INSTITUTION.

• (Continued from Thuraday's Su x.)
PART M.
We should weary our readers and overstep the
limits kescribed to a daily journal, if we were
to enter into a detail of each successive picture ;
we shall therefore speak at some length of those
only whiCh have particularly attracted our attfili
tion, and then-end our observations with general
remarks.

N0..95, A .Boy extracting a .thorn from his foot.—T, BAR.s5g,
. Though this picture is seen under two great disadvantage‘'
namely,. the chilled state of the varnish which obscures it like ;
veil, and its being contrasted with the warm and powerful tor
of :Mr. -Edwin Lands= beneath it, being itself rather a holdo"
' haired picture,. yet it is distinguished •by truth to nature,'e.le'
fiance and simplicity of design, and a mare elaborate tinishini
than. thegeneralityof Mr. Barker's-pictures. -The attitude an:
expression of,the Boy. are eminently happy, his clothing aPP°4I:,
produced with great .reedom, anti possessing more of what '
called texture than any Picture we have seen of this Artisit•---.
. Among his smaller pictures, ,ave think-the Woolpicker is to be
preferred nin it is a character of truth to nature, whit once
deelareS that it coUld only be produced by a man whose obser i
cation and quickness -of perceptionenablel him to discovers°
delineate those nice discriminations, of character which paf4 "c"
noticed by more superficial. observers. The WoOdinan is a
fine sketch, but can only 'be appreciated by Artists and. bf
Amateurs, who, by habit, have .become acquainted with th°4-
leading marks by which superior' talent in art is to be diren.lo-
ed. This sketch, affords us an Opportunity of speaking eels`-,
,
what at length ofthia distinguished Artist. We do not heaitsic ,
affirming that Mr. Barker has claims to the high title of a
of genius, a. word which has never yet been clearly defined, .t:
which every dauber in art and every dabbler in literature.thiT''
he has a claim, which. every puppy who talks ineoherent'f'
dresses like a fool,. or raves About poetry, persons, or picture!.
like a creature deprived of jUdgment, 'wOultl•fain be eateeme°,
'but Which is to be attached to a chosen few, whOte prothiedon°
heir the stamp Of originality—,of being produced -with
and then of being p-erfected with care. 'lf the worksof Homer!
of Phidias, and Praxiteles, of Virgil and Tasio, ilficliar-4 "
gelo, Raphael, Newton, 'Spencer, Shakspeare, :111ton.,
their several departments; have the marks above mentioned,
no man think that, for his eccentricities and the reasons bef9'";
•stated, he is entitled the name of Genius ; hut let him ,"
assured that'he'eannOt justly possess it until he has proddc°-`
something Which bears the true characteristics of
Let him relhembef alSo that- the ',manners and chan':the`'ters of these mighty spirits bore no resemblance to the`'
of the • praienders mentioned before.- We said that rilf'
Barker has claims to this distinguished title; we found'
ed our belief on, his celebrated pictures of the Maniac, rid
the Woman perished in the. Snow, and also on the generai cl`s-
racter of the greater number of' his unfinished works,
_and
versatility of his abilities. The- Maniac-Cot:ld not ba.look.ai
without emotion. The Woman perished in the Snow sal-10.1
forth feidings of pity from the coldestbehOldet ; they were WI
produced with facility and carefully-finished, and both evinces..
a thorough knowledge of his art, and bore decided marks Gr
great originality ; but, even in these his best prodiretiont,
great end of art was hardly obtained, namely, to delight by tt,-,
truth of the representation, and to instruct by the moral to
drawn from that represented. We therefore cannot help V'"
pressing our regret at seeing talents and kribwledge of the a'
of the highest order wasted in mere delineations of heinga of tLc
lowest order, in whom are to be found sOme.strongl y marked
useless features of character : and we sincerely hope that.
Barker will be roused to greater exertion, and delight his coli"-
trymen with some works which will class Mai where his taler.'
can with exertion give him a wide spread and a lasting fame.

No. 90, Lovers' Quarrels.—G. S. NEWTON.
This picture is esteemed an improvement on the Importu-
nate Author," which was so justly admired in the gallery 10t
year; we gladly subscribe to the opinion, though we do not thin,k
that the subject contains as much point. Seated at her table 11
a pretty nymph arrayed in the costume of France, two hundr‘'..
years ago, about to • return with a drawn back arnelier.lolier,,4
miniature ; affected hauteur is expressed in her eyes, and sorrow
.on her • lips which she is .unable to repress ; her lover stands
near with an air of pride in .his gait, and an affectation of
trying to force its way through his chagrin, and is slowly de'.
Ladling her miniature from hishosorn. In this line of art hardly
any thing can exceed the difficulty of this complicated o;pr
sion ; but Mr. Newton has triumphed over it, and produced
picture which will never be hidden as long as a particle•of
remains. Contrasted With the.loverS -is the waiting maid w'rr'
conscious of their mutual affection, is in the back ground flearti:Y
giggling at their folly. On the ground is thrown the last .
doux., a bracelet and a locket on the wedl is sketchal
crous picture of a Perriwig paced Shepherd with a crook nleg,'',';
love to a demoiselle as ludicrously -attired.. `j he
sistibly attractive, and in ahnost all its parts well •piente4
greater softness in the flesh tints, and the use of less opacl."
colour would, we presume, improve Mr. Newton's style.
No. 201, Cleopatra,' in the character of Venus,- sailing,dowo
the River Cydritts.—Ti;ET.r.
This picture was exhibited last year in Sonierset_rpOte•
Our observations on Mr.. Etty's Works ,WiiP be gerieril;.
ex-
cepting on No. 128, a sketch from one of Gray's Odes, which
appears to us a ridiculous caricature of • Mr. Etty's Style. Air'
Etty has as perfect an eye for colour as any artist that this coul'-
try has produced. The details, separately considered, compeiso
specimens, each of which might be cut from the picttires which •
contain them, and preserved as gems. We will instance the
figures, clasping each other in the air above the head of • Cleo-
patra. The two females standing with their faces towards the
Queen. The Moor playing on the stringed inetrtiment, to these
others might be added : but the general .composition in this and
in his other pictures is, in our opinion, a total failure, the absurd''
ties and incongruities with which they are tilled excite sincere re-
gret, because the knowledge and power of Mr. Etty are evident
to the most superficial observers. The subjech; are all hadlY
selected and yield neither delight nor instruction;, but when die
manner in which they are painted is examined, surprise is e-;•
cited,. and from the beauty of. some detached pails, partial ac,-
miration. In short, Mr. Etty shews the highest talent for the
mechanical part of his Art, and also' superior sentiment, which
is prevented by a want of reflection and knowledge from pro-
during works which would ensure him fortune, and establish
him a reputation on a solid foundation. We trust that. we shall
be spared • a repetition of these animadversions hereafter.
No. 235, The Return,of the. Prodigal Son.--J. Cif ra se-si A 5.
Last year. Mr. Christmas exhibited a Lion wounded by
spear, which in some respects was Nitial. to the Lion exhibitft,
by Sir. Edwin Landseer. This year he exhibits a picture- in 3
different line of art, and we doubt not but 'that he will eeenL-
nally.succeed. The figure of the rrodigal, his Action and oi-
pression, merit our approbation. 'The _Father is well ile&,riefei,
and the character of the jealous Brother given with considenn-
ble force—the females we cannot praise, we anticipate next rear
.improvement and suceess.. " •

No. 103, Poor Relations,-,-.F..P. ST-EPIIAXOFF.
This picture was last year an ornament to the Ac,idemy,
and now holds the -same rank in the Institution.' Mr, stc•
phanoff feels the value and utility of his art, and in this picture
offers a severe moral" lesson' to 'those-whose feelings have
been indurated by riches, then, alienated front natural ties by its attendant vanity. dr. Wilkse's picture of "-llittraining
for Rent" has never ,been engraved,
~and will, we fear, be for-
gotten in the dark recesses of the British Institution, and Mr.
Stephanoff's picture will probably not readily finds pun.thaser,
because it would hang a monitor on the walls. Seated on a
,cushioned 'chair with 'moroseness; and Undefined, and eli,oaking
pride immediately depicted on her t'itw, is the. vulgar ;wealthy
dame looking askance at the WidoW and her children ;• in her
lap is a shorn French poodle, wba,saarns by , his, look to be in-
fected with the mean spirited inSolence of his mistress. Her
amiable husband, with irritation delineated in every atom of
his frame at the expected demand on his purse, is listening with
his hand to,his ear to the :servant hurrying away the breakfast
things. Near the door stands the poor wallowed mother with a
letter of introduction in her hand, and with a tear trickling down
her cheek at the.repulsive. reception nf,those who were boUnd by
every duty to have consdled 'her in her distress by kindness and
pecuniary assistance; anxietyand goodness are by the artist's
skill depicted on her face; next to her stands her daughter, on
whose lovely brow touching innocence and simplicity are beau-
tifully pourtrayed, and that beauty increased by her slight and
graceful form ;• behind them is a ybUnger brother, whose vacuity
of look is admirably given. The colouring, keeping, drawing,
and finishing of this picture deserve 'high commendation, and
Mr. Stephanoff may congratulate himself that if his picture is
not sold it will alWays be admired.
But we are transgressing too long on our readers, and must
therefore hasten to a close by becoming gem ral in our remarks.
Mrs. Ansley has a spirited pkture of Satan 'borne back to his
chariot. The horses heads are drawn with great freedom and
firmness, and possess much classic feeling ; there is strong ex-
pression in the face of Satan--but the subject is ahrsost beyond
the power of art ; we are however surprised at the boldness of
the attempt in a woman, and wish Mrs. Ansley suecess.--
Among the remaining pictures, we think the expression in
sir. Bone's -Mother redeemed from slavery decidedly tine.
Mr. %Vitherington has also a carefully painted picture con-,
taming much character, called the " Courageous Brother."---
Among the Landscapes Mr. Constable's Noon, No. 197, stands
pre-eminent. Mr Linton has several very promising specimens;
the.SkY,„ in his picture nf Edinburgh, we think beautiful ; but
the' picture not a very great improvement on the one which or-
ettpietith.same place last year,' Mr.SaumerspictureOf Cheney,'

ands
hers;
; but
Lth or-
;nor,

ittickin
ghamshire, is an unpretending piece of English scenery,
remarkably well painted, and in excellent keepiag. His View
of Zshing Mill, No. 52, is full of beauty and merit, as well as
alI his other smaller pictures. Mr. Nasinyth has redeemed his
character for neatness and high finishing; let him avoid sudden
transitions from hot to cold tints; and a clay colour he has m
.cone or two of his skies, and he stands in that class of which
4Ygdaei is the head. Mr. Cause's Alchymist raises his repu-
Winn, and, we are glad to say, is free from that buffoonery
so prevalent in all his pictures. Mr. Parker's Picture of the
Celebration of the Coronation at Newcastle flocs him credit ;
there.. is great humour and variety in the expression—but Mr.
parker must draw the figure more carefully, attend to his dis-
tribution of colours, and to the chiaro ascuro of his pictures ; a
Woman's face near a bagpiper is higher in expression and art
than any thing in his picture, and gives us hopes that he
land aim at something beyond a rabble rout. Mr. B. Barker
has several superior landscapes; one, 280, is very beautiful,
but in ao very low a tone of colour that we . could hardly see
it. We have accidentally omitted mention of an old woman's
Portrait by Mr. Graham, which is so well painted, that he
may be justly classed among the hest imitators of Rembrandt.
The Gallery does not altogether answer our expectations, and
the arrangement is not what either the artists or the public will
be pleased with. We know it is difficult to please so many, if
not impossible ,• but highly finished pictures, which cannot be
appreciated unless seen on the same level as the eye, should
not be deprived of their proper places for the sake of huge poi,
traits, or enormous landscapes. Several very highly finished
Pictures will never be seen -Mr. Frazer'e Fishmonger's Shop,
e ,
Cooper's Sir Preuesan; of whose works too much care
cannot b taken
Mr. Willis's Sea-piece, which is so small that
it can scarcely be discerned, and also others.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
An IRISH LANDLORD, 011 Monday.
For the LONDON JouRNALs, sae ithe.First Page ; and
for the HERTFORD AGRICULTURAL MEETING, see the
Po.rth Page.

PRICE OF STOCKS
7,1 , THIS DAY. AT TWELYE, OCLOCX.
'1„, Per Cent. Cons. 76A India Bonds 1765. 775.
4Per Cent.....
131'er Cent. Navy
n. 1,; Long Ann. ... 107$ Cons. for Account 76.jiil
'l4 An I9- •

11„.IGH W AT LONDO
56minutes after 10.

N BRIDGE, TO-MORROW.
I Evening, 20 minutes after U.'

THE SUN.

iOLEM QUIS~DICEEE F.4LSUM AUDE4T

LONDON,
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1822.

[Extract of a Letter from the Agent to Lloyd's
at Buenos Ayres, dated 7th November.]
"Advises are received from Chili to the 13th
ult., and from Lima to the 13th September. The
fortress of Callao was still in the possession of the

Royalists when the last accounts brought by
his Majesty'sship Creole left, and likely to main-
t4in it for some time."

We have received the French Papers of Wed-
nesday. The discussion was continued in the
Chamber of Deputies on Tuesday, on the articles
of the proposed law for the regulation of the
riress. The debate commenced on the sth Ar-
ticle, which after some debate, and the rejection
°I the amendment proposed by General FOY,
"as finally carried as amended by the Corn-
tittee. It punishes by fine and imprisonment
defamation or insult against the Courts, Tribu-
nah, Constituted Bodies, Public Authorities, or
Administrations.

The 6th Article, the first section of which re-
lates to the punishment, in like manner, of
fly public outrage against Members of either
Chamber, Public Functionaries, and Ministers
of Religion, was discused paragraph by pa-
ragraph, and gave rise to a long and warm
debate. General FoY proposed an amend-
tient, the object of which was to give the
tpecial protection of this law with regard to mi-
nisters of religion, only while they might be in
t.ie discharge of their functions. The amend-
nient was rejected, and the first section adopted-
General FOY also proposed an amendment to the
second section, which punishes in the same man-
sera like offence against a juror or a -witness.—
Ho demanded the omission of the enactment as
4PPliCabie to witnesses ; but his amendment
*a§ rejected, and the second section adopted.
The third section, punishing with . fine and
itnPrisonment outrages against ministers of re-
li%ion, whilst in the discharge of their func-
tions, was also the subject of debate, and was
Proposed to be amended by General SEDASTIANI
With the addition of the following words
.:
(t
except in cases where they (the, Ministers of
11,‘eligion) shall deviate from the regulations pre-
scribed by the Charter and the Laws." This
4inendrnellt was also rejected, and the third section
adopted. The. last section of the `Oth-er
which regulates the punishment of .offences al-
hided to• in this- article, if of t very 'ag#ai'atetl
character, produced a warm debate, but was -at
length carried. The Chamber.then adjourned lo
the next day.

The result of the voting in the Electoral Col-
lege of the Seine, for the election of a Deputy,
Was for General GERARD 551, and M. I_4.ll'A-
-.101;ZE 484. The whole number of voters is
1102 ; but as General GER.Ann wanted one of
the number (more than half the votes) which
Constitutes the majority, according to the law,
the scrutiny was to recommence on the followin4
(lay. The Baron TRENQUALAYE has been elected
a Deputy by the first Electoral College of Puy
de Dome.

A private letter from Augsburg, of the 23d
instant, says—" 'We can announce, without fear
of contradiction, that the Divan has not yet come
to any determination respecting the milinfatum
of the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh. The last

note of the laeis Effendi, addreS3ed to the. Eng-
lish and Austrian Ministers, is conceived in a
Wile not likely to satisfy the Russian Govern-
ment, Notwithstanding the assertions of the
Vienna Journals, and the intelligence pub-
lished by the Austrian Observer in its num-
ber of the- 18th instant, we know from good
authority that order and tranquillity are not
entirely re-established at Constantinople, and
that many excesses are there committed." It is
very remarkable that the AUstrian Observer, on
the occasion above alluded to, after having, ac-
cording to custom, spoken of. the satisfactory
State of affairs in the Ottoman Empire, and
the tranquillity prevailing at Constantinople, ad-
mits, however, that on the twentieth of December
more than 2,000 Turkish students, one of whose
most~ distinguished instructors had been banished
for criticising some of the measures adopted by the
Government, had caused such a tumult at Constan-
tinople that the Grand Vizier was obliged to repair
in person to the spot with his guards, and only suc-
ceeded in restoring tranquillity by. promising the
Students to recap their Professer from binksh,

a stiipicious calm, for all the cabins appeared to
be deserted; and rural labour of every kind totally
neglected. Scarcer
sap individual of the lower
orders had been seed either on the road or in the
fields.
The Coroner's Inquest has been held on Mr,
BRERETON.-IleSurgoit who examined the body
deposed, that he found the right arm Almost
removed from it, in a direction with the superior
margin of the scapula, dividing that bone and
the neck of the humerus,—the arm hanging by
the under skin. The left arm was much shat,
tered, and had pike wounds in every direction.
There were four musket or pistol wounds in the
back. There were several .extensive wounds in the
head, " which was dislocated' from the neck."—
Verdict—Murdered on Friday the 28th of Ja-
nuary at Shenagh, by a party of Insurgents.

Letters from Cork confirm the statement that
Some of the disturbed pariShes had offered their
submission, and the surrender of their arms.—
The Insurgents are represented in these accounts
as crest-fallen, smarting under the chastisements
which they have received.. The'people,of Clon-
drohid and Kilmichael,in particular, have offered
to take the oath of allegiance.--The weapons
which had been taken from the neighbouring
Gentry, having been'earried away by persons re-
siding in the adjoininz barony of Duhallow—
those they undertake to return within a
.given
time, to the persons in whose hands they were.
'nib Gentlemen of the. country, Dr. 1144SwINEY,
and PHILIP HARDING, Esq., were appointed by
the General Sir JOHN LAMBERT, to: visit the re-
pentant rebels, and to make furtlier inquiry into
circumstances.

Several of the most respectable Citizens of
Cork have formed armed patroles, for the preser-
vation of the public peace and security. The
Yeomanry corps of Passage and Douglas, have
collected a considerable quantity, of arms in the
houses of the poorer farmers and Peasants, which
have been lodged in a place of safety. This
corps has rendered important services by its
activity, zeal, and judicious conduct.

The Masons and Carpenters of Cork, belong-
ing to the frater►►ity called the Union of Trades,
have acquiesced and accepted of terms, which
they had declined with some obstinacyfo-r a long
time, from the Contractor for some of the public
works, Mr. DEANE, an Architect •of eminence.—
The institution still exists ; and the cornpromise,
for any thing Mentioned in the letters which we
have received from Cork, seems more attributa-
ble to necessity tlian.to repentance.

GREECE.--The heroic Greeks, who are making
such sacrifices to throw off the yoke of their ty-
rants, are not neglectful of the press, that essen-
tial aid to the cause of freedom. At Calometa,
a Greek Printing Office has been established, and
the acts of the Senate are regularly issued from
thence, as well as the bulletins of the armies, and
a new journal, called the TAktivizr; o-aAsly, or
the Hellenic Trumpet. This journal is edited
by a learned Ecclesiastic, named THEOCLITOS,
who before edited the Greek Mercury. There
is no doubt that ere long the Greek nation will
become of no mean account among those of
Europe. The despotism of the Porte has been
suffered to exist too long already, and to sub-
ject a brave people, after robbing them of their
country, to the most cruel bondage.

We understand that a requisition having been
transmitted to the Earl of COVENTRY, Lord
Lieutenant of Worcestershire, to call a County
Meeting, in order to take into consideration the
distressed state of a,griculture, his Lordship made
the following reply to the Gentlemen who had
forwarded the proposal.:--

• ' January 22, Piccadilly.
" DEAR SIB —I beg. to acknowledge the receipt of your let-
ter of the 18th inst. desfring me to propose to the High Sheriffa
County Meeting, to take -into -considerition the distressed state
of agriculture ; .and though nothing can be more adverse to.my
feelings than to hesitate in complying with the wishes of the
County, I cannot on the present occasion contribute my sanc-
tion and support to this measure. Confident as 1 feel, that the
utmost exertion will be made at the ~.meeting of Parliament to
afford every possible relief to the landed interest of the country.
have the honour to be, Sir,-
" Your obedient humble Servant. •
" G. W. rEIII/OT, Esq., Evesham.''.
A.Commercial Letter, dated_ Leipsigi the 4th
ult. states, that the late fairin that place Was the
worst ever known-; a circumstance that may be
attributed partly to the..badneks of the times; and
partly to the badness of the weather. '44 It would
seemr says the writer,'" as if the very spirit of
trade had been annihilated. But little is bought
though a good deal is consumed. The fact is,
necessity teaches extraordinary economy, and
what was not altogether to be expected after six
years' of peace."
After the breaking•up of the Cabinet Council
on Thursday afternoon, a Messenger was sent off
with the result to the KING at Brighton.
Thursday morning, about 11 o'clock, Mr.
KAYE, the •King's. Messenger, arrived in Down-
ing-street, with dispatches.from- St. Petersburgh.
The Messenger travelled with
.great speed. He
left St. Petersburgh the. filth of January.
Yesterday the Earl of IlAmtowuy, .as Lord
President of the Council, -:gave his annual dinner
to the Cabinet Ministers, the Great Officers of
State, the Clerks of the ',Council ; when the roll
of those Gentlemen (three for each county) who
were nominated in the Court of Excl---
November was arranD.....-Ic.pret,;ou s to their being
priAcked for 17 N G 1.71
17....ernportion of the :•houses on the west side of
perfectly tranquil, by the passengers, guartl- KOrthumberland-street havi been pulled down,
••"; n and a grand range of stabling, and coach houses
coachman; of the Mail Coach. It
ens; however) are substituted.

/-4
~,,....
C
~,,,,a--,;,,,.. -5x,..,;.-z,--,-_, - --..),--,..----.•\,---- ,i,.v.;,\--- . -
, r-E-R oy-11-- 'Qr ii
k`..., ~:,,.„.
-iv . v,,,,,
Cam,
. v
04t4 f / .

. .
FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.
Viscount- Palmerston, in Stanhope-street ; the Earl and
Countess Sefton, in Arlington-street ' • Sir Henry and Lady
Georgina Wellesley, at the Clarendon Hotel,. from Hatfield ;
Sir John Newport, from Huntingdonshire; Lord Boston anti
the Honourable. Misses Irby, in Lower Grosvenor-street
Lord Sinclair, in Sackville-street ; Earl Gower, in Hamilton-
place ; Lord Francis Osborne, from a tour ; William Free-
mantle,- Esq. NI.P. in Stanhope-street, ; Sir Charles
Bamfylde, Bart. in Montague-square, from Hardington Park,
in Somersetshire; Lady Drummond Smith; on the Terrace,
Piccadilly ;
.Countess Poulet, in Piccadilly ; Lord and Lady
Percelial, in Henrietta=street, Cavendish-square; Lady Cle-
ments, in. Grosvenor-square ; Lady Elizabeth Fame, at the Earl
of A% estmorland's, in Grosvenor-square ; Sir John Trlacgregor
Murray, Bart. and Lady Murray, and family, at Marshal
Thompson's Hotel ' Right Hon. Sir' Evan Napean, Bart. at
ditto, from Loder's Cotirt, Bridport.
DE PAP TUHEs.—Captain and Lady Agnes Buller, from
Whitehall-place, from Whitehall-place, for Brighton ;
Ham Milligan, 'Esq. 2d Life GUards, froth Niafshaf Thompson's
HOtel, for Windsor,
CHANGES.—Baton Lee and Son, from Hare Court, Essex,
to the Marquis of Winchester's, Amport House, Hants.
BATH ARRIVALS.—Dowager Viaconntess Galway, Lady
Banks,. Hon. Mrs. Cockrane, Sir John and Lady Morris, Sir
G. Bagshawe, Sir W. Elford, Sir Digby Maxwell, Sir. T.
Sh ee—G en eral and Mrs. Marshead, Lieut.-General Stovin
Lieut.-General Eyre, Lieut.-General Stephenson, Colonel anti
Mrs. Sheldon, Lieut.-Colonel O'Halloran, Major Cumming,
Major Kennedy, Capt. Bruce,,Capt, Brandon' Capt. and 111 m.
Fellowes; Capt. Edgell, Lieut. Eyre—Rev. Dr.
:Burney, Rev.
Mr. Boyse, Rev. Mr. CoulthOrpe,- Rev. Mr. -Fellowes, Rev.
Mr. Griffiths, Rev. Mr. Layte' Rev. Mr. Saunders, Res'. Mr.
Still and family, Rev. Mr. Reed,- Rev. Mr. Taylor, Rev. Mr.
Wallace and family.

The Earl of Liver Pool and the Marquis. of Londonderry give
grand Parliamentary dinners om Monday next. .
Sir George Warrender entertained an.elegant party yesterday
at his house in-the Admiralty. •

The Marquis of Ailesbur gave an elegant entertainment at
his villa at East Sheen, on Wednesday evening:
Mr. Hope gave his first banquet for the season,. yesterday, at
his house in Duchess-street, 'Portland-place.
Yesterday morning Earl Bathurst left town for Bromley, in
Kent, on a visit to Sir Charles. Long. The Noble Earl returned
to London in the evening.
Mr. Wilmot, the Under Secretaryof State for the Colonial De-
partment,has returned to Lonion, from a visit to-Lord Granville.
The ANNIVERSARY of his MAJESTY'S ACCESSION to the
THRONE was celebrated on Tuesday last, by a graIII dinner,
at Sunderland ; the ringing of bells, the firing of guns, &c.
forming a merry prelude to the festivities of the day. At five
o'clock nearly 100 Gentlemen sat down to a truly elegant en-
tertainment, St Kay's, the Golden Lion Inn, the Right Hop.
.LortlSTEwanT, of Wynyard, in the Chair. It is unnecessary
to add, that his Lordship's urbanity and winning manners were
displayed in the usual felicitous style of that distinguished No-
bleman. The masterly sketch given by his Lordship, in Pre-
facing.the health of our illustrious Chief Magistrate, was re-
ceived with the loudest bursts of applause. " Never," (says
'our Correspondentj " did a Jubilee go off' with greater eclat than
that on the day set apart at Sunderland to commemorate the
second Anniversary of a Sovereign to the Throne, who is so
justly dear to his people."
At NEWCAST LE lIPON-TYNE, in honour of the same' day,
the merry bells of St. NICHOLAS bqrst upon -the ear at the
earliest dawn. The flag was hoisted at the Castle ; . and at
noon the roar of cannon announced a Royal salute from the Ar.
tillery on the Platform.
ANNIVERSARY or BURNS.—This Anniversary was celc-
biated yesterday se'nnight, in the Commercial Inn, Dumfries,
with more than usual eclat. Very nearly. 50 gentlemen sat
down to dinner; Mr. Join.; McDainarin in the Chair, sup.
ported by General Dirom, of Mount-Annan, and Major Win.
Miller, .Tohn Syme, Esq., Croupier, supported by the cele-
brated Author of the " Queen's Wake," and the Rev. William
Gillespie, Author of the " Progress of Refinement," &c.
Amidst other insignia, the room was decorated with two excel-
lent portraits of the. Poet and his venerable relic, Mrs. Burns;
painted for the use of the Club, and generously presented to the
Members by Mr. John Gilfillan. _ ,
