IifSPORICjIL it'd JLT% M'G.

ester a thousand blows and outrages, ANDRONICUS
wa4-litnig by the feet between., two villars• that Sup-
poried..th sat:lies ul. woll and sow ; and
~every
bated-Shat could reach the 1,41 I*c enemy itlfliaed.OLl
liii,bo,,ly:4oll* Mark of Itienii'itls or brutal cruelty,
tilt two flienUly,bolians, plunging their,sworcls into
his body, released him -front all; hUman punish-
then l.
. _r..
~S.uch, was the merited fatt;Of At4DRONICUS; and
when we consideri..pe still more atrocious conduct
vE BUdN4l*PAliTE;ItrnaY hee:tipeCted-that" soon of
te 3 gvaiurai itwiriection of ,the -oppressed people
of Europe will hurl him from his throne ; •and the
wolidlias'seAl-kirpgh of the rkge of- Frenchmen to
heir iattdul.ruiers',,, when .deprived of power, to
doubt that, in his. tall, Bt2o-,. APA true, would
Once the satite treatin. at a, .411)NICus,sutler5(1.
The
.titter had not inflicted. so • misery,' and
Leaped so many instills upon other States as BUtigA-
, FARTS lia3' doile the people Ut. "toiielt are incensed
4gititht him; though at peseta _they . are awed :by
his power, which spleads terror in all directions. .
11:11o, 1,14: of the aike; LYLNGlittitl, of PALM, Ilk
l'eaChtly twit/arch; ILit,K CHAIt LLs of Spain, who
had been so subittiSsively Ins friend, the captivity m
he' lild:s the Royal Family of. that cOUntry,-
11k.eruelty even to his (Iwo 'brother; and lasily his
infamous annihilation 01' Holland as an -independ,ni
State, have raised such a tha,s ut odium mid horror
tipon his Climaz;ter, that a dreadful and disgraceful
'tarel,im. ROLILSFILIt'Ii a once wielded
Ant' resources ,of Fronce with as absolute a sway as
lit,t,Nar.litirm, yet lie was overthrown, in a tets.'
'llOlll5, truatr the litioght of power, and, after sillier-
iu the to st horrid n.dignities, died on .a scaffold ;
Inid such it the,detestation in which BuoNApahrE
held, that it may be •doubted whether, like AN-
111{9,Ntous,- he would find two ,I:::7iiall,f—evtal
Waits, to end his misery in the time of punishment.

OFFICLiL G.,IZETT,E,

ruLust.rED BY THE NLW GOVLENNI.NT.

• 'CARACCASIJUNIi 2.—The unanimity of sentiment
..7xliressed by all* the c,tes and districts whither .the
•14Ie1ljgetice •ot -our tnetnoraole revolution has. been.
transmitted, v‘ it bout maliciuris misrepresentations,
'is One ut the triOst pleasing indications of the general
ai, to the rectitude or- our designs. The
6upretne juina, atter having engrave!' in indelible.
et•ar,w,kr.; the iofrati% e of ti,e patriotic conduct of
establiSlmtent 01 its Councils, Magi-
.Birates, and mild inlbiicauthori!:LN, has beiieved it.
6 1.4 its duty o
'venly to di-chile its approbatinn ot
. other distriNs which, by.a mirAcutuus impulse,
'4l •y so ,xpress sz-lves, ut prophetic pat riot-
"'ll. ha: din icipdted all the purposes the inviiattuit
,utll.e.Sitprent • Junta. The multitude arid variety
,ti! Mples, it is trusted, will -produce a soit
victory over those malecuitientslwhir,*-
'l''iiurnte4 wet ecuar) considerations and nits:alien
,„
of a tit b, boa, would delude.aii ignorant pig-
r.t the gh:!3l.cotittr'-unity •
.01 Venezuela to se-
ear it front t: r general interest, in favour ut une
lriu,e unworthy •ndividuals.
noale and 10y..1 city of Valencia deserves the
Place in our regard, fur the generous and emir-,
1"ik: spirit it extnbi•ed, nut only to. adopt the salu-
Iclorins at comphshtd in the capital, befure aiiy
Counniiwc.iituti was wade,' bur tor. its es-
zeat, si.ewii by inlnsing the satiie spirit
Poit Cabello, by the instruincitialtry of .Dun.
, 440 de Ariirtibarti, to preparing the authorities and.
Iluttitiun of that pi.,:er pover iy to receive I;ie Coin-
3'4luticts buptertic juntas.
resvect should be paid to the distria of
where our Connni,saries were received with
,
'Y,uctlicinstration of atiection and loyalty.
hs In the sequel of this address sirmiar acts tiou
1, are made to the digtritts of Alayquitia, liatillo,
."4.4cUto, and Victoria.

PUBLIC NOTIFICATION.
ti r:: The Supreme Junta, klXiuUs. that the provi-
-4:"al representadtm should be constituted nut uhly
risv°rding to the' legal forni, but in conformity with
I'e general will of Venezuela, has commissioned
t?iur Don D. Juan Roicio, to prepare a scheme for
pr legitimate representation of this and the other
i:vinces. As soon as this plan is prepared it will be
Alllediately whited and published. The Supreme
b1.,114. is desirous that its legitimate investiture may
'n6lated the light and knowledge ul the
pi,c). Pie CI these provinces; during its privation of the,
authoriiv, by the captivity or. its Sovereign,
VII.'
111,i:,...r0 fulfil, therefore, its wishes, it gives this
notice, that it, will receive with pleasure all
httCten expkilationS and opinions on tins important
..tltJe6.,' whether anonymous tr otherwise, and who-
Le.. tusk such commormaiions, whatever may
ti tl'e waist cif then
't ry ut:aiBus, be owiui:re:d to ii.eir

The. fate of ANDRONICUS at _Constantinople, ai
thentioned by GIBBON, will probably be repeated in
thrit of BUONAPARTR, notwithstanding all his present
Power, and all the terror That accompanies his name.
Afier the most hideous .cruelties perpetrated by the
Tyrant, the lz:mentations of the people were turned
to curses, and their curses 'to menaces.: they dared
to ask, " Wray do we tear,?--why do we obey ?"--
we ate many, and he is mne ; our-patience is the only
bond of our slavery." On the first alarm, he rushed
to Constantinople, impatent fur the blood of the
guilty ; but he was astonished by the silence of the
Palace, *the tumult of the City, and the general de-
sawn) of mankind. ANDIZONICVS proclaimed a
itee pardon to his subjeds ; "hey 'neither deSired,
nor would grant forgiveness;—he (Oared to resign
the Crown. The sea was still open for his retreat;
(not so fur 131/ONAPARTE). but the news of the re-
iiolution•had flown along the coast : when fear had
ceased, obediencir. was no wore; the Imperial galley
was pui-sued and taken by an armed brigantine, and
the Tyrant was dragged to the presence of ISAAC
'La s , loaded with' ,fetters, and a tun chain
'round his neck. ~The criminal was abandoned to
'the ntunerouglutrereri, whom. he had. deprived ola
'f4'her, a husband, or a friend. His !eeth and hair,
an eye, zmil a hand, were torn fi,otn hint, as .a poor
co nponsation tOrtheir loss; and a short respite was
allowed, thai E-6: might feel'111:! bitterness of death.
4stride,on a camel, without any danger of a rescue,
be teas carried through the city, and the basest of
the•popubce rejoiced to trample: on the fallen ma-
Je§iy ut, their Prince.
