I tests for the representation of the town, the
!freemen have been as regularly and systemati-
cally purchased at so much a-head, or per tally,
as fish are sold in the Liverpool market. A
mayoralty contest has been known to cost
50,0001., and two years since a contested elec-
tion caused two candidates an expenditure of
100,000/ ! The Tories affect to say that at the
last election the freemen were " reformed rakes,"
and voted in the lump for Lord SANDON
against the great body of tradesmen and the 101.
franchise, without the influence of the usual well-
known inducements. Doubtless, after Mr. BE-
. NETT'S Bill for their disfranchisement, intro •
duced last year, and only suspended by the
lateness of the Session, the Conservatives and
practised Corporators would contrive a secret
"modus operandi ;" and all who are adepts at
electioneering arts know well the facility with which
that could be done. But we cannot really anti-
cipate any serious opposition to Mr. BENETT'S
Bill, except from Lord SANDON.

Wherever a constituency is proved corrupt,
the next best punishment to total disfranchise.
ment is an extension of the franchise to the
surrounding districts. This is the plan pro-
posed with respect to Warwick ; but we
perceive by the Leamington Spa Courier and
the Warwick Advertiser, that some of the Lea-
mington rate-payers are objecting to their addi-
tion to the borough of Warwick. We shall
take an early opportunity of noticing their selfish
opposition, which may be stirred up by agents
of Lord WARWICK, or perhaps may arise from
disaffection to a union with such bad connec-
tions as the partisans of Sir CHARLES GRE-
vILLE. The public will keep their eyes stea-
dily fixed on the delinquent boroughs, and we
agree with the Times, that Hertford should be
wholly dismantled. But Liverpool has a sound
constituency when cleansed of its corruption ;
and the extension of the boundary of the bo-
rough of Warwick to Leamington will operate
as an aperient medicine on the noble patron, and
effect a complete cure of the disease of a decayed
electoral body.

The German Papers which arrived this morn
ing contain an article from the frontiers of
Poland, which gives an afflicting account of
Russian tyranny in that counrry. Several Polish
officers have been sentenced to death without
being allowed to appeal, and more than 200
persons have been recently arrested. The Rus-
sians are stated to be every where augmenting
their army ; and the possibility of war in
Western Europe is generally believed in St.
Petersburgh.

All the reinforcements for Don PEDRO have,
with the exception we believe of one vessel, ar-
rived by this time at Oporto, or are rapidly
approaching its coast. One vessel is now wait-
ing to receive 400 soldiers, and will sail in a
day or two. Immediately after the arrival of
this body, SOLIGNAC will take the field, with
between 8,000 and 9,000 men, leaving a sufficient
garrison at Oporto to hold it against any attack
by the Miguelites. Among the troops now in
the ranks of Don PEDRO, are some of the elite
of the French army, who had recently been
discharged after their regular term of service.

We stated or; Saturday that there was al

length a probability of a satisfactory result to

the negotiations between M. COMTE and the
Duke of lticumoND for the establishment of a-
daily mail between London and Paris. One of
the causes of delay has, we believe, been the
apparent indifference of the merchants and
others who had been written to by Sir FRANCIS
FREELING, for their opinion as to the utility
of the proposed arrangement. It is said that
very few of these persons took any notice of Sir
FRA SCIS FR EEL ING'S circular, and that of those
who did notice it, several declared themselves to
be perfectly satisfied with the present convey-
ance. A similar result attended the reference
to several of what are called the haut commerce
of Paris; but neither Sir FRANCIS FREELING
nor M. COMTE ought to have consulted, on
this occasion, the mercantile aristocracy, who
are rather interested in retaining than in aboli•h-

ing the old mode olconve3ance. Had they, in the
first in .tance, applied to the mercantile community
generally, they would ❑ot have met with any
difference of opinion as to the propriety of ex-
tending the facdities of intercourse which now
exist between the two countries. One of the
chief objects of the French Government in their
negotiation with our Post-office is, we under-
stand, to do away with the necessity of paying
postage in Paris previou-ly to the transmission of
the letters. This object is likely to be accom-
plished ; and if so, it will be also acted upon in
this country.

The Church Temporalities (Ireland) I3ill is
again to be considered in Committee to-night, un-
le's, indeed, it be made to give way to the ad-
journed debate on the slavery question. We see
by the Parliamentary Papers, that another attempt
is to be made by the Conservatives to get rid of
the Bill, upon the point of form, that his Ma-

jesty's consent was communicated to the House
verbally, instead of by wri'ing. Mr. HAL-
COMB, the Conservative who condescended to
address a street mob, and attempt to inflame
its passions against the Catholics, when the
Bill for their emancipation was under di.-ci7-
sion, is the gentleman who is to make the
laudable attempt to impede the progress of one
of the very few measures which have been
brought forward this session, at all in accord-
ance with popular feeling. In acdition to
resolutions having this object in view, Mr.
HALCOMB has given notice of two other mo-
tions pre-eminent in absurdity. We mint give
them in Mr. HALCOMB'S own wilds, for we
shall not wish to expose ourselves to the charge
of misrepresenting his mear,ing, when our only
object would be to put it into decent English.
The resolutions to which we allude, are the
third and fourth on Mr. HALcoms's list.
dg 3. That by the Constitution of this country, as esta
Wished in Church and State, his Maiesty has no beneficial
merest in the temporalities of the United Church of Ens;.
land and Ireland ; but the bare custody only of such tem-
ralities is vested in the Crown, as the supreme head of rh 0
Church, 'luring the vac tray of any t.i.l„h ;
opr,c or archbishop-
ric, to relinquished when such vacancy is supplied;
and an account 40 the profits to be rendered to the slicers
sor. And it therefore appears to this ro be incon
sisrent with the nature of that trust, and repugnant to th
spirit Of the Constitution, if his Majesty shall be advised
to surrender such custody, and shall not proceed to fill up
such vacancies as !tray hereafter arise in several arch-
bishoprics and bishoprics in Ireland, in order that the
temporalities of those archbishoprics and bishoprics respec-
lively may be thenceforth at the unlimited disposal of
Parliament.

~" 4. That by the terms of the noth, required to be taken
at the coronation of every 'Monarch of this realm, the
King solemnly eogages with his people, that tie ' will, to
the utmost qf his power, maintain the Protestant reformeo
religion, estat,listied by taw; and will preserve to the
