'contrary, are said to have sent armed vessels to
enable their merchant ships to infringe the block-
ade and to supply the besieged Turkish fortresses
with provisions. They are also charged with
having sent pretended friends and volunteers to
serve in Greece for the purpose of betraying its
cause. The traitors who gave up the strongest
place in Greece, Corinth, to the Turks, were
perhaps individuals of this description.

THE TIMES.]
The proceedings towards the four Opposition
Journals of France exhibit a most decided
plunge towards despotism. Four newspapers,
for stating a fact which is not contradicted by
proof, and which, from the speech of the prose-
cutor, appears to be true, are extinguished quoad
one great branch of their professional business,
during different periods, the length of which has
been determined apparently not by the differ-
ence of guilt, but by that of authority and popu-
larity ; the Journals of the most extensive sale
being the most severely punished : and on what
proof ? none—not a shadow of any. The Judges
would hear no evidence,-pro or con, respecting the
truth of a statement which referred to occurrences
during their absence from the scene—of which
they could have themselves no knowledge. The
public must take it for granted, therefore, not
only that the sentence was varied on an offensive
and malignant principle,- but that the guilt itself
was found, contrary to justice and common reason.
Now for the effect of this. The Ministers have
silenced the chief popular journals of Paris, so
far as relates to their communication of the
proceedings of Courts of Justice for the in-
struction and benefit of society. The whole
demand for reports of trials, therefore, must
be supplied by papers in the immediate pay
of the Crown, and these papers will take away a
corresponding portion of their custom from the
Opposition Journalists. Thus the public will
receive just that sort of information which the
hirelings of the Ministry are paid by their mas-
ters for disseminating ; and these same hirelings
will force the public to pay for distorted or dis-
coloured intelligence, rather than have none at
all. But cannot new Journals be established ?
No : for by the existing law the Ministers have
the power of preventing any man from setting up
a Journal. Is not this treading too closely in
the steps of the late tyrant of France ?

[NEW TIMES.]
Little busiines has been doing in the Funds for
some days past, and prices remain perfectly sta-
,tionary. Consols for the Account opened yes-
terday at 811, and closed at the same price.—
The only subject of interesting speculation on
the Stock- Exchange is the expected resolution
of the. Bank to give a bonus, and reduce the
annual interest on their Stock. The Meeting
appointed for Thursday is looked to as likely
to afford some information on this head. The
foreign money-market exhibits some activity in
its movements,- and the foreign securities gene-
rally are' looking upward. The following• cir-
cumstances are mentioned to account for the
singular statements in the Spanish Papers re-
specting a Loan in -agitationfat Madrid.- In con,
sequence of the treaty with France after the
general Peace,. the Spanish Government, as
well as other European Powers,- received
a considerable sum by way of indemnity for the
lawless spoliations exercised' on• their subjects:
This money, however, was employed by the Spa-
nish Treasury to meet. urgent expences some
years ago, leaving large claims on the part of indi-
vidual Spanish subjects unliquidated. These
claims, it is said, certain liberal Bankers-in Paris
bought up at very low price and now these same
Bankers offer to supply the Spanish Government
with a loan at 57, provided that the latter
will take the said claims, in part payment, at par.
This is a tolerable specimen of liberal liberality ;
but the Spanish Finance Minister must, no
doubt, submit to the extortionate demand ; for
he can get scarcely any money but by loan: and
without money-the Revolution must drop. Let the
Allies prohibit all loans•to Spain : and-the faction
predominant at'Madrid will fall without a strug-
gle. The pretended Constitution, that offspring
of folly and intrigue, has hitherto been supported
only by. the money of Messrs. Ardoin, Lafitte,
&c.: withdraw that aliment, and the flame of
rebellion kept up by Riego and his accomplices
will at once expire. Spain is desolated, and
drenched in blood by means of French gold,
advanced to promote the revolutionary cause
throughout Europe.

[Extract of a' Letter received in' Glasgow,
dated July 28.]—"- The poor Irish are miserable
here—thousandi" land without a penuy—they are
starving and lying upon the wharf. On the day
we arrived, the William, of and from Dublin, a
small vessel, old Dutch built, arrived with 150
passengers,- near 20 sick in consequence of had
water and short provisions. Being afraid, of the
disease„the wife of a decent miller was refused
house-room, although the husband offered a
guinea per day; *yesterday, she died on the wharf,
close by our ship, under sotne shingles where
they had carried' a lied and awning the day be-
fore on landing her. I understand there is to he
a representation sent to the Mayorof Dublin, re-
garding the person who freighted.the vessel, in
consequence of her conduct."

A DR.EIMPErI, ACCIDENT occurred yesterday
morning. on Blackheath-hill. The Tally-ho, a
Woolwich opposition coach, actuated by that
spirit of rivalry which has of late been fatal to
so many lives, had the temerity to pass down
Blackheath-hill at full gallop. The coach in its
progress was observed to acquire an undulating
motion, and when' it arrived about midway down
the hill was thrown over with such violence, that
the side was driven in and broken to pieces by
the fall. There were in all 15 passengers, 11
outside' and 4 inside, all of whom, with one excep-
tion, received serious injury : an officer from
Woolwich, we understand, was killed on the spot.
—(Morning Paper.)-

me. YATES is so far recovered as to have per-
formed on Friday night at the Wonling Theatre;
for the benefit of Mr.HILL).one of the comedians,
.of that town.,

* See Coin. on Juvenal. Sat. xv.

• t "'Ea:ul erat Ptundi," and, like Latona, until an 'island
'Sjlrung up in the ocean ingtabilemque locum," subject to earth-
quakes and'disease, the first Captain of the age had not-where-
on to',iest his fOot, and there only to rot and die, the sport of
the meanest persecutiorr.—ee Ovid lib. v. fab. v.

. .
ly for the good of the people, signifies nothing
but influence maintained by corruption—that
libel, in a political sense, is of such a limited
nature, that unless it censures the folly or craft
of Ministers, it is not only perfectly harmless,
but meritorious, and sure of protection—that law,
represented as " the perfection of reason," is
either constantly full of doubt, leading to ruinous
delay, or so prompt and severe in its administra-
tion as to " make the judicious grieve."—that
neutrality, in their boasted land of freedom and
religion, is, in construction, the support of
tyranny and Mahomet against the struggles of
Christianity in slavery—that murder, when com-
mitted on an assembly of innocent persons, met
to complain of their grievances, is " keeping the
peace," and that the " Liberty of the Press" is—
what we have no longer the liberty to describe ?
—Enough then—

Cynthius aurem
Vellit et admonuit.—Villa.
What Virgil means at once appears;
And nought on earth can e'er excuse 'em,
Who, when Apollo pulls their ears,
Take not the warning not to lose 'em !

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANS I ON-HO U SE.—T wo persons calling themselves bill-
brokers were charged by a Mr. Shearer under the following
circumstances :—Mr. Shearer said he had given a bill to one of
these persons, who he heard was a bill-broker. Some days
elapsed before he could get any satisfactory account of the bill :
at last he was told he might have part of the amount in cash,
and 101. worth of crape. The bill being unexceptionable, he
refused to accept-this offer. The man to whom he had given
the bill then referred him to the other, in whose hands he said
lie had deposited it, in order to be cashed. The prisoners said,
they had no object or advantage in negociating the bill, and
said that the complainant had assented to take the money offered
and the crape, which the complainant however denied.
The LORD MAYOR advised them to endeavour as quickly
as possible to get back the bill, if they hoped to avoid a prose-
cution for conspiracy, and regretted he could not more effec-
tually check such practices ; expressing his surprise that the
complainant could so readily part with his property without in-
quiry as to the responsibility of the parties.
THAMES OFFICE.---BlGAMY.—Yesterday Mrs. Brown,
who had been previously examined, was a second time brought
tip, charged by Mr. 117 m. Cowey with having married two hus-
bands, he (her original husband) being still alive. Her Solicitor
confessed the facts stated by the alleged husband (Cowey) who
married her in 1797, he himself having a wife living at the
time. One of the parties, who had since married, died pos-
sessed of property, to which she had accordingly administered.
These facts being sworn to, the Worthy Magistrate remarked,
that the offence of bigamy had been-committed, certainly not
by the Lady,- but by the complainant. After discharging Mrs.
Brown, he said he felt it his duty to commit Mr. Cowey to
Maidstone gaol for trial, the offence having been committed in
Kent.

WORSHIP-STREET.--CHARGE OF FELONY AGAINST
THREE OF THE BOW-STREET PATROL.—James Foster,
Wm. Lance, and John Stevenson three of the Bow-street pa.
trol, were harged before W. BENNETT and R. BEVILL,
Esqrs., with stealing from Joseph Bellars two partridges.
Joseph Beliar§ of N 0.9; Seabright-terrace, Hackney, clerk to
Messrs. Smith and Lawford, solicitors, stated, that about one
o'clock on Sunday morning, he was on his way home, with four
partridges in his hand, when, in Old-street-road, near the Cur-
tain-road, he met these Officers, and as they passed, Foster
seized his birds. The witness turned round and charged him
with taking them, and took hold of his coat, when Lance
pulled out his staff and struck him on the arm. The witness,
after some altercation, called the watch, on which Foster thrust
the bird in his face, saying, " D-n you, take the bird."
The complainant said he had lost two birds, when seve-
ral people came round, and a gentleman picked up a bird
from the ground and gave it to him. He still insisted on the
watch doing their duty, when Foster called him aside, and said,
" You have now got what you want, and you had better go
about your business." However, the complainant persevered,
and the officers were taken to the watchhouse ; and he then
observed, that the partridges having been tied together with a
string, the bodies of those which were taken from him had been
pulled from the heads which Were left behind.
Three other witnesses saw the disturbance, and proved that
the complainant had been pushed about by the officers.
Foster stated in his defence, that they were coming from
Edmonton Fair, where they had been on duty, and that, on
passing the complainant, lie brushed his left-arm and then he
felt something, but what he did not know. The moment he
passed, the complainant clyrged the watch, and accused him of
taking the bird. People came round and searched about, and
presently a gentleman brought a bird from the way the com-
plainant had conic, and said, "Here's the bird."

Lance and Stevenson urged the same defence.
The worthy Magistrates considered the only question before
them was, whether there had been an assault ? and the corn-
plainant and others had certainly given evidence as to that fact,
and therefore it was right that the of should find bail.
Bellars.—But how do you mean to dispose of the stealing?
111 r. BEVILL.—What, the felony? In my opinion there is
no felony committed.
Mr. BENNET T.—Nor is there any in mine;- but the offi-
cers must find bail for the assault.

The officers were not prepared with bail, but were permitted
to-go on-promise of bringing their bail next day.

FIRES.—Last night, about eight o'clock, the
inhabitants of Bermondsey were most seriously
alarmed by the sudden breaking out of a fire on
the premises of Mr. Rolls,•floorcloth manufactory,
near the corner of the new Loadon-road and the
Grange-rOad. The premises, which are com-
pletely surrounded by dwelling-houses, and
therefore very difficult of access to engines, were,
together with a large mahogany and timber-yard,
belonging to a Mr. Dare, occupying .a space of
ground ()linearly three hundred feet, entirely de-
stroyed. The flames raged with the greatest
fury for upwards of two hours, and it was not
till 11- o'clock the fire was got under. A number
of houses are very much damaged ; but happily
no lives were lost, though some persons were
much hurt by the falling of a building.—A fire
broke out late on Saturday night at a notorious
house of ill-fame in Little St. Thomas Apostle,
which in a short period destroyed the whole of
the inside. Its profligate occupants were taken
so completely by surprise that they were left no
time to secure their apparel, but fled half-clothed
into the street, exposed to the hootings of the
multitude.

A desperate attempt was made by the horse
stealers lately apprehended at Aylesbury, to
escape on Wednesday, night last. So far as we
have been able to collect the particulars, they are
as follow :—The prisoners had, as usual, been
locked up in separate cells for the night, when
Williams contrived to remove the screws which
fastened the iron work that forms the top of his
cell, and got into a lobby in front of the whole
range of cells. By some means or other he
opened the doors of his two companions, and
that of another prisoner, also confined for
horse-stealing. They then endeavoured to cut their
way through the floor of the Town-hall with an old
saw, and were busily employed in the attempt
when they were interrupted by the appearance of
Mr. Sheriff, the gaoler, and his assistant, who had
luckily been apprised of their design, and, we
suppose from policy, suffered them to proceed
thus far before he made his appearance. This
is the second trial at escape made by the pri-
soners ; in consequence of their former attempt
they had been put in double irons which they
now wear. How they got possession of the saw
yet remains a mystery.—(Bucks Gazette.)
