DEATH OF LORD TENTERDEN.

Lord Tenterden died yest, Hay morning,, at his house,
28, Russell-square. His Lord-hip, when he att,nded th,
trial of Mr. Pinney, the Mayor of Bristol, on Saturday
week, appeared to be in the most infirm state of health,
and was frequently observed to lean hack in his seat, ap
parently in an exhausted state. He was unable to leave
his 11,11-e after he returned home on Saturday afternoon,
and the symptoms of his complaint became more alarming
since that time. Last Saturday morning, about 5 o'clock,
a most unfavourable change took plac,-, and his Lordship
continued to get worse until 20 minutes before 9 o'clock
yesterday morning, when his Lordship expired. Hr con-
tinued in possession of his faculties till the last moment,
anti died apparently without the slightest pain. His Lord-
ship was in his 71st year, and has lett a farrHy of two eons
and two daughters, who were with him at his death.

Lord Tenterden was elevated to the bench in 1816,
when his Lordship succeeded Mr. Justice Le BI Inc, who
died in that year. to the vacation between Trinity and
Michaelmas Terms, 1818, Lord Ellenhorough resigned the
office of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, where
he had presided since April, 1802, and he was succeeded
by Lord Tenterden (then Sir Charles Ahbott), who was
sworn into office on the 4th of November, and took his
seat as Chief Justice on the first day of Michaelmas Tenn.

It is a curious fact that the Hon. CHARLES
Armor', youngest son of Lord TENTERDEN, holds the
commission of Lieutenant in the 14th Light Dragoons,
commanded by Lieut.-Colonel TOWNSEND. whose rogl.
•nent is associated with the unfortunate events at Bristol.
We have reason, however, to believe that the Nolle and
Learned Lord's son was n it on duty with the detachment
of the 14th that was required to suppress the riots. Lord
TENTERDEN'S elder son, the Hon. JOHN HENRY ABBOTT,
is a B irrister-at- Law, and Marshal and Associate to the
Chief Justice of the King's Bench.
DEATH OF LADY CAROLINE BARHAM.
—On Saturday evening, a little after six o'clock, the
death of this unfortunate lady took place at her residence,
No. 26, Queen Anne-street, Portland-place, in conse•
quence of the severe injuries, principally a concussion of
the brain, her Ladyship sustained by the accident she met
with on Wednesday afternoon last, in being knocked down
and run over by a cabriolet in Margaret.street, Cavendish-
Square. Her Ladyship suffered intense agony previous
to her death. An inquest will be held this day.

The death of Lady SHEE, wife of Sir
GEORGE SHEE, Brrt., was on, of the most melancholy
events we have lately had to record. L idy SHEE was sub-
ject to occasional fits, and as she was remarkably fond of
fishing, it was always deemed prudent by Sir GEORGE
that a servant should accompany her on those occasions.
On the day of her death, however, through some unac-
countable accident, her attendant was not with her, as
she was walking in the grounds of their seat in Hamp-
shire, she, it is supposed, had a fit, and fell into a pond of
inconsiderable depth, where shortly after she was dis-
covered quite dead.—Court Journal.

The two mansions rated at the highest sum in
England are Woburn (the Duke of BEDFORD'S ), and
Chatsworth (the Duke of DEvoNsxtaE's). The princely
palaces of S owe and Blet.heim, and Eaton Went-
worth Houie, with a front of 600 fret in length, are
rated at only 3001. a year, while Belv"ir and Alnwiek
Castles are rated at 2001. ; and Rabi Castle and Lambton
Hall at 400/. a year.

It is rumoured in the political circles that an-
other sweeu, in the way of aholi,hing useless places in the
duff rent departments of the Government, and lowering
the salaries of those who remain, will take place previous
to the meting of Parliament. Lord ALTHotte and an-
other nnister, during the last three or four month., have
obtained rk.turns ti om different d partmenrs of the Govern.
ment, preparat .ry to the contemplated reductions. It is
vneially believed that the employes in the Foreign-office
will un,tero the process to a great extent. la Lord PAL-
MERST 'Ws ilepirtm nt there are two Unit,v-Secretaries
and 25 c eats, besides a " Transmitter of State Papers'.
(hel l by Arcloleaeon GODDARD), a " Precis Writer,"
tran-latois, &c. The ehtaolistanent of King's M sseitger•
attached to this depurtment con,ists of a Superintendent
and 26 Messengers, of whotn eighteen are for foreign
servic-, and four for home service

Mr. KEAN and Mr. BRAHAM appear to-
gether this evening in The Merchant of Veuice, and, to
rend-r the attraction greater, STANFIELn's Views in
Venice will be introduced.

Mr. KEAN is about to appear in KNOWLES'S
play of The Hunchback.
KEAN and MACREADY are about to appear
together for the first tune in Othello, and will play Othello
and logo alternately.. . _

There is an epigram handed about which we
like for its downright absurdity of id-a. It is whispered
—recollect, reader, only whispered, it may therefore not
be true—that it is from the pen of the Loan CHANCEL.-
LOR, who thus has given us anther proof of his versatile
talents. It runs as to lows :
Carnarvon is so fiery hot,
Irascible and jadish—
How do you think he was begot ?
His mother was a mustard pot,
His father a horse-radish.-411ctropolitan.
Doctor VINCENT, the late learned and excel-
lent Dean of We tininster, not only gratuituously gave
permission to his friends that CUMBERLAND, the poet and
dram itic writer, should be buried in the Abbey, but the
worthy Dean himself perf •rnied the funeral service, and
[nide an extempore eulogiutn over CUMBERLAND'S grave.
The present Dean refused to permit the remains of Lord
Rya" the greatest poet of modern times, to sleep within
its walls.
The Augsburg Gazette, of the 29th ult., an-
nounces that the Greek Deputation was to set out from
Munich, on their return to Greece, in about eight days.
King Onw aed the Regency are also to depart for Greece
on 'he 25th inst.
We have papers from the Cape of Good
Hope to the 23d August, which communicate the Order
in Council for the amelioration of slavery in that colony.
