have worn to defend ; those framed by cur ances-
tors, and handed down to Us, their posterity, legible,
alt obscured."
Senor MExta spoke of a kind, of allegorical
dream which he had had, representing SupersiitiCri
combating the light of Reason. Tiiis he now saw
verified in the Cortes.
Senor OLIVEROS (diputado pot. la provincia de
E.tremadura) made a few observations in answer
to Herreros, on religious points.
Srarrn xiii4—(dip'btado por la provincia
trecuaritir4);-loid OA he laid it. down as a ntiirn*,-
that-alood ,Spaniard could do, nothing better than
pursue the reverse Of: Bliaaparte's Pohl
pies. :That-at Bayonne, -Buouaktrte, had determin
ed 'that the deliberations of the CorteS should be
secret, both then and in` future. 'llk, therefore,
was to be avoided. Buonapatte's principal objett
has .a:ways been to destroy the-libeity -,of the
press, and ithe fetters he-,, has laid on-. that. liber-
ty have been corivQrled into-chains for the slavery
of Mankind. Some divines have deprecated the ft.:.
berty of the Prsi, ou the- score of religion. Ocr
Saviour inculcated the- Lioerty '1,4-Discussion. He"
ever enjoins' his disciples to-converse and erwrespond
ou this religion, that they may explain ditlietilties,
enlighten each- other, and -publish the truth to the.
woad. It is now time to throw off-the cloud of ig-
norance,, and to proclaim that the Spaniard is once
more the child of reason. We are in want of know-
ledge, and from the Press alone can its-light-be dif- •
fuked. It is to the 'present irnperfeti Liberty,. which
it'enjoyS, in spite of the -opposition of bad men, arid
the fears of the weak, that',we- are indebted to that
force of public opinion, which has produced the
meeting of ,this august assembly, in Which the last
and best hopes of Spain are centered. . -
TUESDAY, OCT. 16. •

• The President opened the debate, with declar'ng
in general terms, his wish for the .Liberty 'of. the
Press, but under very peat restrictions and litnita.;

tions.

Senor AIORALES (diputado por la cindat de Ca-
diz,) made a long a lid eloquent speech, in favour of
the Press, ,replete with•sound argument and apposite

11us t ration., Let us suppose a King, he said, and
to-prevent misrepresentation, or mistake, let us sup-,
pose him tih reign over 'one of the Southern Islands;

who either 'frotii youth, infiimitY, Or vicious pririci-

pies, is ineapable, or unwilling to attend to the just
rtpresentatioo or his people. Lev' us suppose .an
impious ministry ruling that people, a people 'so
loyal and so ieltgious, as to be unwilling to fly to
the sword for redress. What.houe has thsit pedpie
for the recovery ot its ?• None, except the pen
and the pre-s. But should that people be so un-
fortunate, as to t•ave a censor over this their only
lope, and should that censor be one Of the %cry Mi-
nisters who oppress t hem, where t hen is their hope?
They have none; and misery and ruMmUst inevi-
tably succeed.''
Senor PEIiEZ DE CAsTito (suplente por la pro-
,;e Valladolid) spoke in-lavonr Of the Press..
He stated, that it was ot the utmost importaode to a
w,se government, on this as well as on every other
account ; namely, that by no other mode Could
they be mode acquainted with the 'feelings of that
people ,whom they are
.appointed to govern. How
else, too, can they obtain ti) 'their favour, that pub-
lic opinion, wti:ch is worth millions of mercenary
bayonets? One great and happyttation, owes the
preservation of that greatness, and of that 'happi-
ness, to pubic opinion, raised by Liberty and sup-
ported by the Press, which is a buttress against all
opposi. ion, the ftienti alike of the rich and the i our.
It is a holy appeal, made by truth to the virtue of
mankind.

Senor EL OLIVEROZ' then rose, and in a most elo-
quent speech proved the Liberty of the PreSs to be
compatible with the purest interest of Religion.—
" Let us examine said he, the state of France; and
let us see the melancholy. effeds of a liberty, 'Whin
extended to all that was evil, but which excluded
ail that was virtuous. The Revolutionists of that
country knew that their hideous designs could not be
executed but through the ruin of morality and virtue.
They therefore poured forth a torrent of blasphemy
and immorality, which shook to pieces thewhole fa-
bric of Civil Society, cautiously shutting the Press to
every thing v. hich afforded a chance of restoring re-
ligion and loyalty. • France is still. overwhelmed
with the consequence of these principles, but not
one work of religion, morality, civil polity; or ra-
tional liberty, has ever issued either from Revolution-
ary, or Imperial France.
" It is the contrary of this that we are seeking to
attain. We wish to give encouragemllt to every
worthy feeling, and to shut the gates on evil. Had
tlw Liberty of the Press been established, men would
have shunned the aUs they have committed in the
iu punity of 'obscurity anl oblivion. Bishops would
riot have dared to preach from the pulpits of their
holy religion, the triumphs of despotism and of
atheism . nor would they have ventured to assist in
the subjugation of their own country, and the de-
struttion b(their ,own faith. England, on the con-
trary, that generous and free country, which owes
all - her liberty, and all her morality, to the
Piess, although excluded from the bosom of our
church, has, in opposing the ambition of France,
and resisting her strides to universal dominion, been
the true friend of our religion. She has been the

ally of our bead, the Pope, when persecuted by
ittionaparte ; she - has been the faithful friend of
Skarn, and it' is on her colossal form., erected in Li-
ix and defended by the Freedom of the Press,
tba t:?.e remaining independence of Eintope reclines
its sick:y head. 1 therefore maintain that the Liberty
of the Press leas been, and is, the best support of
relig.on, instead ,of being incompatible with it, as
Mlle of
,those who 11.1 first spoken have main-

tained. I have been anxious w state my opinion on

this important subject, as it concerns religion, for
its political utility, and efficacy, iis being the most
powerful of all weapons, if well directeu, has been
sufficiently proved by the speeches of its able sup-
porters."
Senor MORALES GALLEGO spoke against the abo-
thion of the previous censorship stating the many
inconveniences of the Liberty of the ?cuss, Sze.—
d then

• Senor. ARGUELLES rose, and in a most brilliant
peeclt, took a view of the •whole question ;
:slaying a manly enthusiasm, conveyed in a flow of
