by Mr. BY NG Only.

Yesterday Stocks rose' full one per cent. upon
a report very generally credited, that the ENtrcitoß-
of RUSSTA had at teigth determined to take a de-
'
tided part with us against France. We shall be
most happy to confirm this report.
An application was yesterday made to the Bank
by the Holders of Omnium, to advance the Instal_
ments for a certain rimy, and the hope that this ap.
plication wound he successful, contributed to
nish the discount upon Omnium i per cent.

Monday evening 'rue Itt MA; Esills,. and the
PRINCESNES AUGUSTA, EL IZABITIt, and SGPIIIA
walked on Windsor Terrace, whiCh was very no-
flt,rottsly attended with company ; the PRINCES,
ses IVIARY and AMELIA took an airing in two so.
ciables, attended by Lord aid Lady SLTDLEY. •

Yesterday morning abc..ut.five o'clock, the-Staf.
.fordshire Militia marched from Windsor Barracks
'to Winkfield Plain, where they hatta grand. fipl,tl-
- and firedrcarrridge ball at a target. A quantity
of provision' was provided for the refreshment of the.
Officers and Men.

Yesterday morning tits MAJESTY, soon after•
brealdts,t, left Windsor Lodge, attended by Generals
CARTWRIGHT and HARCOURT, took an airing on
holseb.ick to Cranboltrn Lodge, and viewed the
Staffordshire Regiment in their various evolutions.
HER MAJESTY and the PRINCESSES ELIZABETH
and SOPHIA took an airing to Frogmore.
About half past six o'clock the ROYAL FAMILY
left Windsor fur Kew.

A Military Council is said to have been at length
determined upon." It h to be cothposed, according
to the reports in ciicolation among Military Men,
of the following 'Oflieers :—Generals Sir GEORGE
OSBORNE, lion. WM, HARCOURT, and Sir GEO.
; Lieutenants Generals Sir J. PULTENEY,
and Roe.. DotiKi-N ; and Major Generals W.M.
FAWCBTI' and HENRY READ.

By
letters from St. Lucia of the 25111 Jittie,' we
kart)... that lioo Troops were then re,.embarked for
the purpose i)f. attacking Tobago, which it .was ex.
ptded would be a more easy conquest than St.
Lucia,

We have res-n, to believe that the EmPErt OR of
RUSSIA beOrlie.g more dissatisfied with the
ambitious pLieds of France.
.Lately at Berlin,
the French Mittiater presumed to ask the Russian
in a tone of petal;; nee, what the' reason was of so
many Aussian troops being marched into Pomerania.
Riosjan Ambassan,-4r replied, that that was a,
quesijoa 0,,t to
.be onsw‘sred when ,asked in such a
.
way, and it was,repeatej, he would feel it his
ditty to ,tate ro his Corr, and recommend as a
.measure of necessary precaution the march of double
the number ortioc:us t 0 the same planter.
There is a report ''tom 4isbon, in some private
letters, that General LA NNTES) tite Feencli ArllhaSfia.
dor in Portugal, had comp; ined of beins insulted
the streets, which he aseribea to the English, If i`
be true that LAriti Es has made'such a complaint,
all probability it is with a view of imposing Upon
the Portuguese Government some. terms inconsistent
with its dignity,•and injurious to thirr auntrY‘
The 'French Commander in Chief in the Island of.
Watcheren, has rublished•an order for ail the Eng-.
to leave the Island:in four days, Posses 10 be
futtfislird to them to remove into the interior .0f
lloilantl. An exad list of. them was also Ordered
tosbe taken, and every one' 'staying there longer
on the thne specified, W ordered to be arrested
as a suspicious per,on.
The Hamburg!' !VLiil says, Iles r of
pRISTOL)
'Bishop of Ositrri', -(10 at Rome, on the Bth ult.
in his 75th. year,
' General GRIIII4ELD'S mention of the humanity
of the British soldiery, upon storming Murne
Portut c in St. Lucia, must 'be highly gratifying t 0 every Briton, and fortersa fineeontrast to the con.
dud of .l he French, . in almost every, instance of a
their boasted revolution made
them savages again.
-It ivirs'on Sootily that his Royal Highness the
WAS entellaiird by Mr. PITT at Wollner Cttstle. .11is Royal Highness slept there
that night, and/proceetird on Monday-on his survey
;ntin+ltc;;it,rtithe Coast, and the `hoops stationed
near-ir,
' • •
• The Duke. of De.VotlsH iRR takes .the command
of his Regiment 61 Yeomen,' raised at. berhy, for
whiCh purpose c.;race will in a few dsys set off
fur that:place.
•
• Yesterday Lord and Lady Su ALE Y arriv,ed•
ip
London
,from. Windsor, where they hive been on a
visit, to THEIR MAJESTIES. • ••

,
Prince ESTER HAZY iS.eXpeelett to leave this Coun.
try in af iv days. .1-lei, to take with hint eighty
horses and_ nine carriages. The _Prince h parti.
ri)' distinguished for,his 'know•ledge of agricul.
ctuuriaeiand the zeal with which he cultivates that
important science. .
.
The lashionalile circles continue to report an in.
tended inarri6ge between I.Ord G. 14.Goweit and Lady S. FANEt• Notitettall set ofr y4'tei'day
for Brighton, to aide's' that Lady and the CoUntess
of WesTmottt.ms?D'..;
414
Yesterday a Dui was prevented by the timely
interfetence of Mt. BoNo, who receiving private
information that a meeting was to, take place about
'five o'clock in the M.retrition, near the 5 mile-stone on the Etigw,tre Road; hetween capodo `1,7 oiyitY
end Ensign. Gottamay, of the Guards, dispatched
Proper officers to the spot, who arrested the
Nrties,
god iii the evening brought then) laore Mr. Bong'
at Bow.strect, who obliged them to enter into secu.
rity lin keeping the peace towards each other,

KENT COVNIT MEETEVG.

MAIDSTONE, AUGUST 2.

This day a .very numerous Meeting of the Nohl'.
lity, Freeholderi, and others, of the County of
Kent,
was held in the open Town, for the purpose
of proposing'an Address to HIS MAJESTY, assuring.
him of the unalterable attachment and steady loyal-
ty of the Men of Kent, and of their uniform deter-
mination to afford HIS MAJESTY their most vigo-
rous assictance in repelling a FOreign Enemy,
should
he ever dare to contaminate the Britislfihores.

At one o'clock the High Sheriff, dii:tsTortiEtt
Cooxe, tic'. took the Chair, when the Earl of
DARNLPY, in a bold and animated speech, proposed
the4re9B to the Meeting. He noticed the threats
held out by the First Consul towards this Cuomo',
and his determination to diiturb its tranquility and
happiness,' by invading our shores. Tile Men of
Kent, he said, ranked high in the page of history,
and he was confident every man that heard him,
would prove himself worthy of his Ancestors, it 80.
NAPARTC dared to send his ikgions to their Coasts;
and that they would spend their last drop of blood
.
is
in support of their'King, their:Liberty, and Law!.
His Lordship concluded by moving the. Address,
which was seconded by ---- LAMBERT, Ebcl•
Lord RoNNEy apprdved the Address, and wishe"
4
IVIAJ sTr should know; that the Men of Kent
had not only carried it unanimously at' their Meet•
ingi but with aedarrottions ; a full proof, that of
ever'BoNAPARTa dared to.contaminale their Cottl4,
try, he would find a race of bold 'Kentish Men,
drive him headlong into the sea.
Sir Enw;tati KNATCHBULL joined in the send-
merits of the Earl of DARNLPY, and trusted on the
present, and' -on every &ribsetvent occasion, 1-11.
MAJESTY "would find the Men of Kent, 39 the har..
then of an old song described thetu—Lo_yah
and Free.
~•
The Address was then put and carried,. amidst a
tumult of acclamations ; and after the thinks of the
Meeting had, been 'irked to the Lord-Lieutenant and
the High Sheriff,, it was-resolved that the Addros
should be presented to Has MAjENTY at the Levee
to.morrow (this day), and carried ur by the Colin-
half an
Itryo uißr..he 'he business
rNesti ee an rt lay vadel li?i thenioh etta
NubilitykHigheph emaro(i:Ftlr e'Gta(he nt. ty of the
County were present.

It is with pleasure an oplaortunity• is granted u;
of communicating to our Readers the following Ler.
ter. with its answer, and we highly applaud the
offer made therein, while we hope to see many
Officers follow the example, especially tboae on the
recruiting service, which,, owing to its nature)
leaves them much spare time.
. MN. LORD, iiinburgh, yllly 27, 1803.
Under existing circumstances, it is the duty.of every inciivt;
dual to render himself as useful as possible in the service
his'King and Country; with this view we have obtaisted per'
mission from Major-General CAMPBELL, commanding the
Royal Marines in North Britain, to otter our services to your
Lordship for the Drill and Discipline of such Men, in alifi
about the City of Edinburgh, as you may hereafter be plea,.—
to dire&

%Vt.. have the Honour to be, my Lord,
Your Lordship's very obedient humble Servants,
TI 0. INCHES, tst Lieuts. Royal Niarineb;
t:. BROWNE, S recruiting at Ettikwo.:
(ANSWER.)
Edbi. gab. 23, ISO'

GgNTtrmr!4,

I have the Honour of your Letter of yesterday's date, with
your spirited offer of service for drilling and disciplining such
men, m and about the City, as you may be direeled to take,
charge of. lam not yet certain whether such appointmeots
will fall under my department; if it does, I shall certain!'
not forget the handsome ottia you have made.
I have the Honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your most obedient Servant,
(Signed) NEIL MA CVI CAR,•V rovost.;
• • •
Tno • I -NCH/S I First Lieutenants Royal
,Marms.
G. BitowNt, •

yesterday, morning the Royal Exchange bivi-
sfon of Volunteers had a general Muster, whet it
appr,ired their Number exceeded Twelve Hundred.
We un:lerstand Alderman ROWCRUFT is to be al''
• 'Pointed Lie.utenant Colonel.
Yesterday About eleven o'clock ' the two Regl'
meats of the Tower Hathlets- Militia marched tro't'
their .Bartacks into the London FieWs, ilsekneY,
where they were geyietved by 'General LtsLia, It'
tended by Captain ~M.sxFiELD and Captain E P
w ARDs. Both Regime-110 formed into a brag "l'
:
eommaritled by C-4-trrel gf 4.1410i'. and went,t
ordcr ;
titr"ublii:
a number of manennvris v.•ith the strictest
discipline. The light companies fell'oui 17: In 11..1,
rest,. anti commenced a bush ,5 hi during wl" 4
.....,'
they fired ,i 8 rounds, and the mails 'body twelve! e
"They then formed again, and. after haying Viine
through Several other movements,. marchod (0,1
ground at one o'clock.
At a Meeting of the Members.of the Glasg,o°'
Highland Society, 'held on Wednesday last. 1111
ttinnetinint t, noi
in.
s! )
. agreedraising I offer
a
Highland !ie
Ri resge
irmvoice,eas to Govern'
teers, to consist of 600 men.
Temporary sheds, in the
tat)
eensnni
besides
ti's
-are ordered between Lewes• and Brighton, for.
. recewi,,n Of 90P men. and 500 horses, in addition
the Barracks at the above places. . 1-1,111,
The ' •
are arming their Yaclit with ten Cnrporatton of the Trinit liat "-
y. - ouse .4...
six t z and tour 3.pounders, e small in ' .
and.have.made an offer to Government of their Pet
tonal serv:ces in her, to assist in ptoteeling and ‘se'''
fending the Huml!r.
The Royal Westminster Volunteers held a Meet' '•
ing, nn Saturday, for the choice of Lieutenants'
w,heo the rii :
.o..nwing Gentlemen were- urianirnongli
manner of
:eleded--/vlessrs, BRANDGII,POTTS,QINGER,O47',
.traTort,* MARstIALI., BitlcGs, SMART, RADI4°4,, '
MAURICE, and I iAsTER. Messrs. WO"hildefl.
CUNNINCHAM, Fox, and PEIRCE, were C.7b
Ensign Corps. '
Ensigns in the above '
says,ill
A letter from Bath (‘ I hn4e. been,. 0 g
,ith
this' ltAtr, tchl by the Earl of .Wzatt-rmEAT°' 1-h
rahe
QUEADE4 the clergyman, brother..in-law "% Le
Earl of At.ouottbucit, and who -was the 1311,„,i
tutor of Coloiselizir EMMETT,' met,' and recognimof
him in the'disgtiist alit stable boy, in the street '
Dublin," . - o • - • f
Yesterday the Loin MAyort, on inspeai.ne of
the Mealweighers' Returns, ordered the, Prle the
Bread to be lowerd- half an AsSi-hc, tit ad• "'au
Pecki.lod, to take ,lace to-morrow. The CiPtt
~
loaf Wheaten will then Irit sold fur 90. ancill°''e,
hold BJ,

NAVAL NEWS.

From the LO DON G.SZETtei 2I tale .

itimirdlty-Office, August 2.,
Copy eel Letter front the rionourahle vrntvallisi
rural elks lilue, Oe. to Sir .Ev4n Arcpe4n, Bart, dated of
Ushant, the 30th ISo3.

Mt,
I have the Honour to inclose a Letter from Capt. Bedford,
of the Thunderer, giving an Account of his• having taken a
trench Ship Privateer, which m;glit have very nitic.ll dis.
tressed the Trade of His Majesty's Subjedsi had not Captain
Bedford's alive zeal prevented her taking a single Vessel be•
lionging to England.
I am, dm; W. CORNWALLIS.
Mundt-Iw, at Sm,
.7:4 26, 1803.

tilt,

I have the Honour to report to you, that on the z6th inst.
captured the Venus French Privateer, pierced for 28 Guns,
Mounting 16 Six. Pounders, and two Eight round Carro.
stades, One Hundred and Fifty Men, commanded by Mon-
Zitur Lemperierre.
She is a tine Vessel, quite new, sails remarkably fast, well
foutul, coppered, and measures .Three Hundred and Fifty.
Siltbt Tons; from the Report I have received she is calcu.
hated for His Majesty's Service. She sailed from Bow.
deauX the zist instant, in company with tour other Priva.
teens.

I have the Honour to remain, &e.
W. BEDFORD
Honourable Admiral Cornwallis..

PLYMOUTH, AUG. t.---Arrived the Catharine
aid kar.y.Privateer, of London, of 14 guns, Capt.
GOODALL, from a Cruize in the Bay. On Saturday
the ridinst. she fell in' with Le Caroline French
Privateer, of Bourdeaux, mounting as- long nine.
pounders, which she engeged for twa hours, and
beat off: The Caroline had three English Mer.
thantmen in company, which she had captured, two
ciUthem„.the Cybele, a South Whaler, and the itaive
Weft India Ship, were retaken by -the •Catbarine
slid Mau, with which she was proceeding to port ;
but on the following morning fell in with the same
Privateer, and the Engagement was renewed with
great vigour on both sides, until the Catharine and
Mary had not a single shot left, and was of course
reluaantly obliged to strike, after having • her
masts and rigging cut to pieces, several shot
through her hull, one of the Crew killed, and nine
wounded, two of them mortally. The French-
men then boarded the Catharine and Mary,
threw her guns overboard, plundered her of
every thing moveable, and her mdin.mast, which
was badly wounded in several plaCes, they cut
away, and after taking Capt. GOODALL. on board
the trench Privateer, sent the Catharine and Mary.
&trill; soon after which they had the mortification
to see the Cybele and iiii;vve re-captured. Great
eredit is due to Capt. oodstnt.l, and his Officers
and Ship's Company, for their very gallant and
heroic conduit, in an anion with such superior
force, and which they would certainly have over.
come, had not their ammunition been expended.
Arrived the French Ship Ladour, pierced for z 8
guns, t only mounted, from St. Domingo, bound
to Brest, in ballast ; the Jean Pierre French Brig,
laden with coffee and cotton, from I Guada.oupe, and
the French Brig L'Engagrante, laden with colf,:e
and cotton, from St. Domingo, all captured by the
47afyinion Frigate, Capt. lion. C. PAC ST,

Arrival the Danish Brig Hercules, from Cote,
laden with brandy, wine, and oil, detained by
Miesty's Ship Hazard; and the. Danish Ship
Ceres, from Cette, with brandy, detained, by the
Regulus Privateer, of London ; also
,the Swedish
Schooner Johanna Elizabeth, from Gottenburgh
bound to Bourdisaux,,laden with iron and de*, de..
tai"eti by 1.14 Majesty's'Ship Diamond.
Arrived the Danish Brig Vigilant, from Alicatit,
%kith salt, leaky..

•
LmouTit, Jut.r 31.--Airived this day, the
Dide of York Packet, Maas, with Mail. in 16
1.3.1)'s from Lisbon. Left lying there the King
George Packet, and which was expelled to sail about
• the 22J inst. Also arrived the Priutiis 44e/ia
Packet, STEVE/44,1(0M the Leeward Islands, +z
days from Tortola. On the 23 inst. in lilt. 47. 27.
long. to. sz. spoke the Maria Privateer, of Guerra.
sey, out three weeks, and hint recaptured two
'Vessels. The Packet. took on board four, prisoners,
the Maria being short of water. On the sth
Spoke Zreburet, from Havanna to Amster.
dam, out 29 diyq; and then in lar. 39. 21. long.
45.42. On the 3,1 inst. in lat. 36. i 6. long. Sr.
O. spoke the Isabella, from St. Kitt's for Cork,
all well, out ta days. On the zd ult. on her out.
ward-bound passage, the Pes'ireen Arael;et• was
brought to by a French Sloop. of War, of 16. guns,
commanded by Ita.ora: BONAPARTE.
Yesterday arrived here the American Brig Leo.
igardi Captain SHAW, from Philadelphia for &erten,
with tubacco, detained by the Endeavour Privateer,
of Mevagissy; and arrived this day the Brig Bear),
of Liverpool, Capt. FLYNN, having been taken by
Le Blonde French Ship Privateer, of 36 guns,
belonging to Bourdeaux, and re.taken by the Mi.
rawla Privateer, of this Port, Capt. WILLIAM
SNOW, after art anion of an hour and a half, the '
Prize being well armed with four double fortified
six-pounders and small arms, Le filoade has also
taken

The Past India Ship Collingwood, Anderson, from India*
for London Actelphi, of Hull, since retaken, tad brought
h,c 'r" of Galway, Johnson, since burnt;' Blanch,
I.verPool, Galbraith, ditto ; Prince, of London, Scott,
Grte4idilo With 4Ue,a/ rtz* for Loll4oils since re.

.taketi oi'Soutl►anipton, Alitiiony; Martha, of tort 4
don, Ceary 6 Union► cif Jersey; M 4 Donald t and Young
iricholas priratcer► of London,Cooduit, of t 6 guns,
which was engaged for some, lime. The Blondr
had her First Lieutenant and foot men killed ; the
Young. Nicholas First and Third Mates, and two
men killed. The latter has been retaken by a Cut.
ter Privateer, and carried into Scilly ; the greater
part of the English Prisoners were fortunately put
on board her.

A French Privateer, of 24. guns, his just been
sent in by His Majesty's Ship Plantagenet. The
Crew attempted to rise, and in the. attempt one
man was killed.

PORTSMOUTH, AUGUST I.—Arrived this clay
the Ship Caroline, LouMANN, from the Havannah,
with sugar, for Hamburg!), put in to wait until the
raising the Blockade of the Elbe.
The Schooner La Favor(' from Nantes, with
salt, is captured by His Majesty's Ship Hydra, and
brought to this Port.

The Jorge Eldert, from Roseby, with salt, cap-
tured by the Duke of Y crk Cutter, is arrived at this
Port.

Passed by the his, SKINNER master, from New.
York in 31 days ; by which Ship we learn, that
Mr. Runts KING, the late American Minister at
the Court of London, had arrived at Philadelphia
previous to the Irit leaving New. York.

POOL AUG. 2.—The Love and Usity, PINCER)
arrived here from Newfoundland, fell in with an
English Privateer, who toad them, that last Satur-
day a French Privateer had captured eight Sail of
Merchantmen off St. Ives. The Captain of the'
Love and UNity SSW a French Cutter Privateer
board a Ship, which-,he supposes she captured, as on
a Cutter coming round. the Head, they both made all
the sail they could to the Westward. ' •

DEAL, AUG.. z.--Carle into
,the Downs this
morning, the Peterd/Slonof:War from the West..
ward ; jackal/ Brig, from: the Northward; and
Blood-hound Gun-hrig, from a Cruiz,.. •
• Sailed the Maxquis Wellesley, Cornwallis, and
CuPas, fur the River. • •

There is some doubt, we are happy to state, re.
speding the capture of the Juno Frigate. Lettcra
from Gibraltar of the 16th ult. make no mention of
the circumstance.

The Hazard, of t 8 guni, Capt. Ni.ve, was
taken a few days since off Ferrol. She was on
the look-out off Ferrol, having eseved four
French Line of Battle Ships going into that bar.
hour, supposed from St. Domingo ; but in the
grey of the next morning found herself surrounded
by four French Frigates and a Corvette, and was
of Lbliged to strike. She was seen in the
outer road of Ferrol by a neutral vessel, with
French colours flying ('tier the British.
Captain MilltßAY MAXWELL, Commander of
Flip Kijt,,,ty's sloop Cvenar, WA been made Post,
ailiointed to the comm,ind of the Centaur, under
Commodore Hoot:), in consequence of his gallant
ccintlutt in the W•st

Acc• unis were received night of the arrival
off. Brighton of the Phoenix, Captain DOUGLAS,
from which she lett on the 13th of June.
The Charlotte Patket had arrived from England
the day bdure the rha.nix

CORN EXCHANGE, AUGUST 3.

, s
TO-DAY we have hut little supply of Corn :
the Wheat samples are chiefly from Essex and
Ktin, and the last prices appear nearly main.
tired ; Rye and Barley arc lower ; Malt is evi-
dently getting lower; there are hardly any Pease
here, which continut, to sell high; Beans are un.
altered; but few Oats, and higher prices arc
asked for the first quality ; Flour in good supply,
tvtie3t 47s a i2.s a 56s od. Tick Beans - 271 a 31s od
Fine ditto - 57$ a 58s 6d Oats - - 2oS a 22$ a 26s
Rye - - 32$ a 34s od Poland ditto - 27$ a 28s 01
v irley .- 2os a 25$ tai Rape Seed - - 401 a 4.11
Nt.,it - - sos a 57s od hoe Pima - 4SS a 40s cal
White Peae 44s a sts oil 1 Seconds . - 405 a 45%
Beans - ' 3a, a 35' oill

This morning arrived. n Mail from the Leeward
wands, brought to Falmouth by the Print-ow Amelia
Packet, in six weeks, and a Mail from Lisbon,
brought by the DR4eofYori Packet, in sixteen days.

Advice has been received at the East.lndia House
of the safe al rival of the following Ships from,the
East Indies, viz. the llfarfssit Wellesl9,, Captain
BRUCE MITCHELL; the Sir William Bewley, Cap.
tain ROBERT RHoue, from Bengal; the Cornwallis,
from Madras'; the Cupells, Captain CHARLES
Bow LAND COTTON, from China ; the Yarawra,
Country Ship, from Bengal ; and the Periessl, a
Botany Biy Ship, last from China, with a cargo oa
account of the East-India Company. The above
fleet of ships left the Island of Sr. Helena in May►
last. They heard. of the War with France before
they made the Western Islands.

the public mind never appeared more deeply
engaged than at this time; every. individual seems
to ,come forward ~with that degree of courage and
fortitude which the preservation of our Laws and
Liberty requires. It must afilnd peculiar satisfac.
tion to every friend to the British Constitution, to
behold the congeniality of sentiment which prevails
through all classes of people,
and the total abhor-
rence which they shew to an implacable Enemy,
who threatens us with Invasion. It has been said,
that it is in contemplation to secure the City by
fortification, as well as the Coasts in general ; and
from the very high encomiums that have been rod
to Mr. Git.Lstirts's Rittery; by. the first Military
and Naval Officers, and which is to be seen in Bond.
street, at No. 157, it is very singular, that an
invention of such extraordinary utility, at a. time
like this, has not been brought forward ; it must
affiird every individual who has seen it thefireatest
satisfaCtion,qo find it adopted in securing us against
the attacks of Tyranny and Oppression. `• •

AItbDLEsEX cotiNry mEkriivc,

• •
• VesitithAt N very numerous and tespeliable
meeting of the Gentlemen Freeholders of the Coun-
ty of Middlesex, convened by the Sheriff at .the re,
quest of the principal inhabitants of the county*
took place at the Assembly Room (the Mermaid) at
Hackney, for the purpose of considering an Address
to be presented on the present crisis of public
affairs.
The proceedings commenced about one o'clock.
The Sheriff; read the requisition for convening the
Freeholders of the county, which was signed by the
Duke of PORTLAND. Several Gentlemen of the
first charatter in the county, and several Aldermen
of the city of London, and others of the first respeet..
ability attended, for, the purpose of addressing His
Majesty wr the present criski'of affairs.
Mr. Alderman SK r xrrx R Caine. forward, and ob.
served that at the time when the list of the names of
Noblemen and Gentlemen requiring that this Meet-
ing should be held, was delivered to the Sheriii, he
was totally unprepared for the subjea, he therefore
could not draw an Address to be presented to the
Freeholders' of the county, or take any leading
part, in the proceeding's, for a consideiabie time past,
however, he had been desirous that suell a Meeting
should be held, and he bad been eall:d oil to take
an active part in it, as a Noble Lord who was to
have brought it forward had not. done it. He
therefore did come forward to propose an Address
to. His Majesty on this occasion, and if company ,
would permit him to say any •thing
.01 himself, he
would state that he had • now been A Fteeholder of
the County of Middlesex for forty years, for the
last twenty of which Ise. was never absent from any
Meeting of that body which' was convened for any
public purpose, nor remarkably negligent with re_
sped to public business for twenty years preceding
that period. Unon'tlris occasion he did not hesi„
tate to say, that there could not be two opinions
by those who heard huin on the subject on which ,
they had met. lie claimed no merit for
.any thing
he had done as a publid charaaer ; if he . had any
it would have been absorbed in the great subjed of
the presetit hOur—if he bad. any ,d,rfe&s he knew
they would be reduced, to•nothing for the same
reason. He had, ho'ivever,„-no merit to chains upon
this occasion, for he had hot,,Written the Addiess
which he was abourto propose;,he!was indebted for
the composition of it, to his Reverend and valuable
friend Dr. Ron HRTS : it was a composition drawn
up in• haste, fur the reason he had already stated ;
but for all that, he was persuaded it would do its
author immortal hon Our : it would shew the pod.
ness of his heart, the purity of his morals, the
patriAism of his principles, the animation of his
feelings, the energy of his mind, and the soundness

ofhis—judgtnent.---
.There were three leading points, on which, he flat-
tered himself, not only all those he had. now the
honour of addressing, but also all the intelligent
inhabitants of this world, except those who wished
to get possession of our property by violehce, and
to expose us to infamy, would agree, and. on which
he should shortly touch: The first of these was
well described, in his opinion correftly, by a Re.
solution of a CoUrt of Aldermen in the City of
London, which he hoped the company would allow
him to applaud, although•he was a Member-of that
Body, and which he had no difficulty in saying,, he.
believed bad given great satisfaCtion to the Coun.
try at . large. The welt point to which he had to
advert was, the proceedings at Lloyd's Coffee-
house—a proud proceeding to Great Britain, and
an encouragement to the valour of its Forces : al.
ready the subscriptions amounted to One Hundred
Thowad Pounds, over and above the 29,0001. Stuck
in the 3 per Cents, voted by that brave and gene-
rous body of men for the support of the present
contest : and whit was to be the appropriation of
that immense wealth ? It was to be applied to the
relief of the Wives and Children of those who by the
fate of War May fall in battle. The third point to
which he wished to call the attention of the coin.
parry was, that of the D.-claration of the Me:-
chants on the . Royal Exchange, • the words cf
which, he said, manifested the charailer of those
who framed it, and they were men as exalted
in their understanding as they :„were in fortune.
—This being the state -of things at this moment,
he did not think is :necessary fur him to r!xpaiLte
upon them, for there was really no point in this
case on which Englishmen could disagree. There
was not the slightest indiffereuce to the common
cause, or want of resistance to the common foe, hi any

part of the Kingdom. He desired those who heard
him to look at the City of
,London. There would
be, in the course of the month bf AUgust, 10,000
men ready to defend the Capital, and to take care
Of the .prbperry of every worthy roan in it. Let
theta look at,all, the different parts.of the Country,
and they would find, the same satisfadory spirit cf
animation. So that indeed he saw nothing upon
which any difference of opinion could arise on this
occasion, What were .we to look for, -if we did
not
.now shew a spirit of true vigour? . Absolute
slavery, to Etiglishmen, too hateful even to third:
of.' On the other hand, if we performed our duty
to ourselves, by resolving and .by, tiding .with vi-
gour, what were we.to expeet ? Perfeet security to
our persons, our prnperty, and our righti,.governed
as we were by the best of Kings, aod proteded as
we were by the best .Conatitution. that ever was
formed. Secure, if we chose :to be so, in all the
blessings of human society. These. were topics to
which the most beautiful' language might be fitly
applied; but that was nor his object, -nor should be
his endeavour, for he was a plain man, wishing. to
use none but the plainest words, for indeed lie spoke
as he thought it his duty to speak, with:a .perfed
simplicity of an honest heart; H was persuaded
that nothing could induce the present meeting to
Spew any thtference of opinion.on q subjed of this
kind ; .there could not Oil such an occasion he two
Opinions,. and therefore he should now proceed to
move, the Address,, which was then read, and
folloWs

TO Ti; KING is MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
" We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sobjecis,
freeholders and lithignitallt* of the, CUUnty of hl;rlJlwcx,
itnpessed vita me ardent love ()lour Country, anti the bless-
hiss ire enjoy under the British Constitution; 'the patlarlitidi
or. our personal 6ecurity, Liberty, anti Property, induced
by that merited 4.1.44ein, due to a grAekittt SeVefelAll anti
his Royal Family, approachyour sacred Person, to expres;:od,

Alrittirldirlitloutianist the distuir,crA Cif the peace, cbrif7
fortsvand consolations of mank lid, pryLlaini nut jitit
abhorrence bf the treadherons(lesighs Of &hided doirie:frie
foes, and to dechre our patriotic' disdain of the threats end
vauntings of our Foreign Enemies.. Aet nattd by sin.)i lovat.arid
constitutional sentiments, We.soletrinly plettidoitr united as-
sistarice by the °Mt of our personal service and trnperty, td
defend and preserve inviolate. your MAI aty's l'erson and
Government; our Laws, Liberties, and Religion, and out .16ng
established Constitution, purchasM for us by the blood of out
Ancestors, the pride of Britons, and the envy of the World.
• " Permit us, Most GraciOus SoVerelgoi, •tb aisute tour
MA.12.5-rY_, that no hostile threats can intimidate a People
animated by the hive of Liberty, and inspired with a sense
of duty and a%Ction; who, confiding in the hi vine Provi.•
Bence, the wisclorti-of your Councils, and the valour of your
Subjee-ts,• are resolved to employ their utmost eWorts t,) re-
pel the insults, and defeat the attempts of our inveterate and
destrtidive Enemies."
Mr. WooD, of Littleton, seconded the motion..
Mr. TRAY FRS moved an AlDenitnterit at the c'on..
elusion of the Address,. which relates to Bonaparc's
Declaration concerning this Country, by adding
these Words, " who lias declared that nothing'short
of the destruCtion of this limpire will gratify his
insatiable ambition."
The Motion for the Address -with the, Amend.
ment was then put,
eXivltiti,C.l on its propriety, and,
amongst other things observed, that the C6u„iy. of
Middlesex, • alt hough on this oecaiion a little late in
its proceeding, had always been distinguished for
its good sense and fur its patriotism, of which lt!C
considered the present measure as a very strikiig
example. •He took a view of the conduit which he
had observed on former occasions with the Elei.tors
of the County of Middlesex, on Publ.c Afrairi ; the
last time he iddiessed them was on the su!(jeCl: of.
Peace, which at that time, he thought essential to
the welfare oldie People, hut now tic thought. W-.r •
• was inevitable, and he thoughtthi:. was a season liar
all Englishmen to unite heart alai hand, .as' he was
well assured they would, in order to terminate the
present contest gloriously.fir Great Britain,' and to
put to confusion, out implacabie,-and,sin temper, ex.
terminating Enemy. tic tibserved, that all divititil
of men. were now united in resisting our Foe. War
was at all seasons injurious to the interests of pupal,
lons it was particularly so to the City-ht
had,the,honour to represent but' al hough that was
the case, . the . inhabitants of that -City had unarti.
mously • voted a Resolution• to support. tile. present
war, from a convietion that it ein!mteed every
thing which was drat- to man in a social 4tate.
The question was then put, And the ' A !dress,
with' the Amendment. of Mr. TRAvaits,- %yds car.
tied unanimquily.
Mr. Alderman SKINNER moved, od That this
Address be signed by the Solid's, and presented by '•
them to His MAPOTY."

Mr. Alderman Ctra-rts observerL there Chas no
man in this Cauntry who gave to this Address a
more cordial concurrence than, himself, and there.,
fore he thought it proper to give it his public
probation: He could not, howevet, help l
noserViloss
that it was cuslomary, in most Counties, for. rthe
Sheriffs to be attended by the Members who repre.
sented the Freeholders in Parliament when any Ad.
dress was sent by them to the Throne.. It was
from this view of the subj.ei that he lad a Motko
to propose by way of amend neat to what had !men
already agreed to. He said, he held in his hand a
Paper of yesterday, that was to say„ August the
ISO 3, called he illorniAg Pont, upon .the coo.
tents of which, as they referred to Sir Ft aNtts
BUIL ACTT, he wished for an explanation before he
moved his amendment. The explan ition whidt he
wanted was on the subje& of the speech of that
Hon. Baronet on Friday last, before sitti,,• of die
Electors of MithlleseX, at 'the CroWn and AucliOr
in the Strand. The Hon. Baronet's right to sit in
the House of Commons for the County of Middle.
sex was disputed ; but wh never might be the re.
suit of that 'contest, he was, for the present, ac.
cording to the forms if ant Constitution, considi.nd
as one of the Representatives in Parliament of 'tile
Freehrilders of the County of Nli.hlit•stx, and in
that cliarktet,• opposing the F:teloilders cor,fifed.
in him, ought to be instroa:'d to attend thr Sheriff
with this AddreE,s, to the. King ; but before he could
propose any :melt course 'tO be takei;, there. Was a
poinr, he said, on which-the Pleetoi's .of the Couoty
of Middiesek had'a•right tO call 1:r an txilanatio.m
of the lion. Baronet. The question was this-74)-id,
the Hon-. Baronet, or did he rut, avow the Sufi.
stance' of that which was r.tated in the 11-foiwi'mg Poi,
cf yesterday, as his speedt at the meeting held at
the Crown and Anchor On Friday last of the it4e.
tors of the Cininty of MiddleseX? -I Ilk he Wished
to 'be aniwered before he poiceeded to move
.the:
amenthrient he had in view, to propoSe to the'Ad.
dress. .

Sir FRANCIS BURDIITT anired that the P.yer
alluded to might be read.

i\ir. Alderman CURTIS said, that was
sary, for he believed the P;lper had bucn rc,r,i by
every man in England.
Sir FR AllolS BURDETT said he hoped for pa.
tient he while he endeavoured to explain his
condo t. He said; be was so far from entertaining
any ill. will tdwards the worthy Aldermin who
.had proposed this matter to him, that he fdt
self much obliged to him for having, given him this
opportunity of explaining his sentiments to 40 le.
spectable a Meeting as the present' of the COunty
of MAtilesex, who, he admitted, hail-an Lingoes.
tionable right to a full explanation of every part of
his political (=dud. He should, as
_liortly ea he
could, endeavour to call to the reeolieetion of 'ail
who heard him the sentintents which were published
in that infamous libel which the worthy Alderman
had alludt.d to.. He might in&eir ad: how far it
was wise or .prudent,- and.perhapi he ought to sub.,
mit to•thejadgment of the Freeholder, how far it
was wise or podent for a. in:in like him to stoop' ro
answering such slander, I r he was not to forget
that 11e had, the honour to hold an high station as
their Representative, and Thar, from varioni do;curn`sr;,,iees, curnstaiices, his within in .society !laced hint ~hove
alte'reation upon this speciei'Ltlslartiltr. llow.
ever, as the .worthy Alderman had alluded to
them, he ought
.to have
Time first C:cog he had to utter. upon 11,af subj,et
V. a•:, t the fad's' stated against h.:o so in.
jiirionsly in the Pai.er all Oded to by the worthy
Aldermen, were lics. Long, and long ago, had he,
been marked as the object ot calumny in that Paper;
hut he de,pi;ed ate trash and detest Ale calumnies
contained in that Paper.' There were two toain
