AMERICAN PAPER.

W 6 received last night from the Northand SouthAtne-
!lean Coffee•heuse, per the Pacific, American Papers
to the 2d of March. The following extracts, relating to
the great floods of the Ohio (64 feet above low-water
mirk), and a grant of the Virginia Legislature for the re-
moval of free people of colour, will be read with in.
terest ;--

THE GREAT FLOOD.—We have received from the Edi-
tors of the Cincinnati (Ohio) American, proof slips of
the 14th, 16th, and 17th, detailing the disasters by the
flood at that place. We have only room to day for the
following extracts:....
CINCINNATI, FEB. 14.—Tna FLOOD !--The destruc-
tion of property is immense—cellars filled with water—
board-yards swept of every stick of timber—and some
houses already on the move
Since writing the above, we have been out recon-
noitring the premises. What a scene ! The water still
on the rise—people moving in every direction—some from
the first to the second story—others from the second
escaping in boats. It is undoubtedly the greatest rise ever
known. A friend who arrived in the Napoleon, from
above, reports eighteen houses on the way, which may be
expected in due season.
There is scarcely ground enough to be seen at Marietta
for the dove to rest upon. No one can say when the
waters will subside.

Our printing-office can only be reached by boats.
There is as yet no abatement of the waters. The rivers
continue to rise above, swelling the Ohio to a fearful
height. Steam-boats can neither load nor unload ; every
one is employed in moving.
THURSDAY MORNING, FEB. 16.--The river " still
continues on the rise." It is undoubtedly sixty-four feet
above low water mark. Yesterday it rose at the rate of
an inch an hour. From six o'clock last evening to six
this morning we should think at the rate of an inch and a
half an hour. This morning it continues to rise at the
rate of an inch per hour.
We took a boat, in company with a nnmher of others
yesterday afternoon, and rowed to the lower part of the
city. The scene presented cannot easily be described. It
was painful to witness destruction on so vast a scale.
Some houses upset; others in imminent danger. The
water reached the roofs of the more humble, and the win-
dows of the second stories of good frame houses. Flat boats
loaded with women and children, furniture and livestock.
Race, Vine, Elm and Walnut, busy with the moveables.
The paper-mills appeared to be in the middle of the river,
if river it can be called. Skiffs were passing in every di-
rection. We returned via Front-street. The fine houses
flooded, the lower part of the street quite deserted, and the
second stories occupied of those nearer Main—boat loads
of furniture from Water-street, fornaed a melancholy tout
ensemble. Two of the workmen at Tiled foundry were
drowned last night.
FRIDAY MORNING, Fea. 17.—The work of desolation
still continues—the river having reached nearly to Lower
Market-street. Our "composing" room is about a square
from the publishing-office. When we issued the first cir-
cular, no one presumed it would reach much further than
Columbia ; but all calculations have failed—" it is still on
the rise, it is still on the rise," is all that is said or known.
The boatmen are crying beneath our windows, " Twelve
and a half cents to the mouth of Main-street." Every
kind of craft is put in requisition, tubs, boxes, canoes, flats,
dug-outs, skiffs, yawls, &c. &c.
We cannot enumerate half of the sad calamities rumour
is bringing in. The river, as it sweeps past with aecu-
mulating waters, carries with it the wreck of desolation.
A church passed the city with its steeple, for New
Orleans—we presume a poor market. Excellent frame
houses float along, with haystacks, rails, leaving the farms
stript of every vestige of cultivation. The lower Mill.
creek-bridge started yesterday morning. Hamilton and
Colerain bridges have also floated off, and the bridge over
White River in Kentucky. The Kentucky river had
banked up as far as Frankfort, sixty-four miles above its
mouth. The Cumberland and Tennessee were both hie;
We should think the water at this time (Friday
evening) nearly at its height--rising this morning about
one half of an inch an hour. We have but little to add to
the above. From the " look out" at the Commercial
Hotel, corner of Broadway and Front, we had an excellent
prospect of " Cincinnati as it is." The waste of waters
The suburbs East and Weet, with the lower part of the
city, as far as Lower Market, the cellars of which are flied
with water, were navigable in every direction. Newport,
opposite this city, was pretty well afloat—the water reach-
ing nearly to the windows in the second story of the U. S.
Arsenal. Covington does better—some dry land being yet
discernible.

VIRGINIA LEGIstATuRR.---After a protracted and in-
teresting debate of some week's, continuance, in which the
mischiefs and perils of slavery have for the first time been
publicly disclosed and frankly admitted, the House of Dele-
gates have passed a Bill providing for the removal of the
free people of colour in that Commonwealth. It was
passed by a majority of 179 to 41. Thp Bill appropri-
ates for the object 35,000 dollars for the present year,
.ind 90,000 dollars for the year 1833 ; the emigrants to be
transported to some place beyond the limits of the United
States, left to the discretion of the Central Board. This
Board is to consist of the Governor, Treasurer, and Audi-
tor, es.officio, who are clothed with the power of appoint.
ing agencies at Norfolk, Petersburgh, or other places.

ATTEMPTED BURKING AND ROBBER Y

BY FEMALES.

Near Brownlow-lane is a house inhabited by a family
named Sedgwick, who have long been the terror of the
neighbourhood. This family consists of Thomas Sedgwick
and his wife ; their sons—Thomas, a full grown young
Daniel, a lad about nine years old, another son about four
years old ; and two daughters—Mary, aged nineteen, and
Sarah, aged seventeen. At the distance of three hundred
yards from their residence, lived, with their daughter
Sarah, and three small children entrusted to her to nurse,
in the house of their son James, Sarah Sutton, a poor,
weak, blind, deaf, and lame old woman, and her husband,
Ralph Sutton. On the morning of Tuesday last James
Sutton was at his work on the road at Tytherington, near
this town, leaving only the old woman at home with the
three infants. These facts being known to the daughters
of Sedgwick, the father being at the time imprisoned
in Chester Castle, the mother gone to Macclesfield,
and the eldest eon being also absent, they determined
on robbing the dwelling of Sutton of a large sum of money
which they were aware he possessed, and forthwith com-
menced operations. They dressed themselves in some clothes
belonging to their father and eldest brother,:blackened their
faces with soot from the chimney, and placed a gown
sleeve upon each of their heads as a covering. They then
took a quantity of tar that had been provided for the cow,
and spread it upon a piece of brown paper. Having com-
pleted these preliminaries, they next sent their brother
Daniel to the house of Sutton, to entice the three children
into Sedgwick's shippen, about two hundred yards distant,
and keep them there until they had effected their purpose.
He had no sooner gone than they burst open the old wo-
man's door, and one of them seized her and threw her
down in the corner of the room, demanding, at the same
time, in an assumed gruff tone, to know where she kept
her money. The old lady positively denied that she had
any; upon which the girl by whom she was assaulted,
and who kept her down by lying upon her body, applied
the tarred plaister to her month, and endeavoured to
knock her bead against the ground, at the same time
swearing she would kill her unless she revealed the secret
they wished to know. With some eliffictilty she got the
plaister from her mouth, and though, as she states, she
expected that moment was to be her last, her tenacity of
money was even stronger than that of her life, and "
she persisted in denying that there was any money in
the house. Meanwhile, the other girl was employed
ransacking the upper rooms, and endeavonring to force
open the drawer of a desk with a chisel that she had pro-
vided tio• the purpose ; but she failed in efr cting this part
of her object, and at length sullenly called out to her !da-
ter to leave the old woman and go away; when they had
left, the boy Daniel returned with the three children, and
the old woman told him the particulars of the violence to
which she had been subjected by two men, as she sup-
posed ; adding, that it was well they had not been able- to
force open the drawer, as her son sometimes kept money
there to the amount of thirty pounds and upwards. The
words were scarcely out of her mouth, when the door was
burst open a second time, and the same violence she had
before experienced was repeated. The drawer was this
time forced by the means of a large stone and the chisel
before mentioned ; the person who committed the act
making up to it as loon as entrance was Ottaitied. Fail-
ing, however, to find the money they were in search for,
Ind which, it seems, had been concealed hi the upper pact
of
pttahhreemed .
w housesTbjhyea
James
dros
womanefeSl
luotrt o;
nown a fewbg
began
naytso psruesvpieocuts !tyh,a theythat
t the
boy knew who the parties were, and refused to let him out
of the house until he told their names. He said that one
of and whilst
Mg him as to the other, liissister3la) s,he was question-
mug
rappeareil inl7e;
own clothes and took him away. Information of the out=
rage having been communicated to Mr. Burgess, he and
his assistant immediately went over, and succeeded in ap-
prehending the girls, Sarah and Mary Sedgivit k, and their
brother Daniel ; the clothes with which they had been
disguised, and the tar-pot, plaister, and chisel were found
I,ursiedilna crfaofetrz tfie
artioi aliai.
coppice,eri by Mr. Bur,ess,:tbe
,notable. i

FRENCH PAPERS.

lhom Gali.gnanis Messenger.)

Petite, Maacie 20.—The conclusion of the telegraphic
despatch from Grenoble of the 18th, which had been in-
terrupted by the bad weather, was received yesterday. It
merely states that when the troops under General d'Uzet
entered the town they found every thing perfectly tran-
quil, and the authority of the Magistrates fully restored
The National Guards gave up the pests to the newly ar-
rived troops, and the judicial inquiries were proceeding.
The Government has also received reports from the
Prefect, the Proareur- General, the Colont4, end the
Commandant of the Gendarmerie. The situation in
which the Prefect had been played prevented him front
giving any detailed account of the state. of things.
According to other statements, dated however before
the entry of the • troops, the National marts alone
were on duty and were enabled to maintain order. It is
now asserted that the National Guards were induced to
act and take the charge of the town by the fears of riot
and excesses, anti at all events to prevent the tows from being
given up to a free corps that watt forming. M. Vassor,
who appeared to have a dangerous influence over the popu-
lace, was arrested, and M. Bastide, apprehending the same
fete, quitted Grenoble. The reports after which we speak
make no mention of excestes having beet committed
by the soldiery. The same accounts, though expressing
full confidence in the re-establishment of order, speak of
engagements having been entered into by the Municipality
with the populace, to the effect that the Ok% tit regiment
should not be suffer.ei to enter the trove again. It ap-
pears, however, from the Dauphittois of the 16th inst.,
that the regiment in question had not left the town; but
vets merely confined in its barracks, where it was to re-
main until replaced by the eich regiment. The Duu-
phinoi s adds, that the Genera! eommanding the division
wishe'l the posts to he momentarily occupied by ti -.e
rNircrent, that it might go through the feem of giving
them up to the 6th on its arrival, but it was apprehended
that so much irritation would be excited in the people by
such a step, that it was supposed that it would not he
pressed. As the telegraphic despatch of the 18th only
mentions the National Guards as having given up the
posts, it is probeh'e that this anticipation was correct.
Colonel Lespinasse, the Conntendant of the garrison, has
written a letter to the Mayor, declaring that the troops
were ordered to act by the Prefect without hie being con-
sulted, or in any manner aware of what was doing. The
Nouvelliste asserts that the only cense for 'lie departure tif
M. Penet, the Deputy for the Litre, for Grenoble, was
private business, and that his journey had been de-
cided upon before the news from Grenoble retched
Paris, so that he was not only not authorised to
modify in any degree the instructions already sent
to General Delor", whatever they might be, but Was un-
invested with any mission or efficial character whatever.
A deputation arrived yesterday post from Grenoble in
order to lay before the Government the real state tif the
town add the department, to txploin the rltii+23 of the
troubles that have taken place, to make observations upon
ad these occurrences, and to require instructions. 31-ssrs.
Felix-Real, anti Dubois-Ayme, the Deputies for Grenoh'e,
have addressed a letter to the editor of the Meniteur,
complaining of the injustice of prejudging the question
now pending before the tribunals, by eulogising the con-
duct of the Prefect and the troops at Grenoble, since, if it
should be proved as asserted, that the citizens, women anti
children, were attacked with bayonets without any previ-
ous sommations, the Prefect who ordered, and the troops
who executed, the attack, would, so far from being the sub-
ject of eulogiums, have committed an act of illegality,
subjecting them to severe punishments, and Government
would therefore have been comptomistel by their prema-
ture and imprudent eulogiums.
It is asserted that in a conference between the President
of the Council anti Count Appony, it has been agreed that
the: tai-coloured fl ,g, tvaving over the town and fortress of
Ancona, should be removed. Tee Austriau Ambassador,
it is added, has obtained this concession by stating to
31, Casimir Perier that the colours of the Emperor of
Austria had not been hoisted in soy of the pieces in Ro-
magna occupied by his troops.— ConNtitutionnel.
'The Augsburg Ga:. Utof the 13th instant brings in-
telligence from Vienna tet March 12. As no case of cho-
lera had occurred for seine time at Vienna, a solemn
thanksgiving was appointed to be performed in all the
churches on the 19th inst. Metalliques, Five per Cents.,
were doi-; ditto Four per Cents., 76 9-16 The same
paper communicates the following, dated frontiers of Lilly,
March 6 :—" The Pope appears still to reject with manly
firmness the concessions which part of his subjects, sup-
ported by the French Government, wish to extort from
him. His Holiness has declared, that such disrespect-
ful importunity wss not the way to obtain concessions,
which, under other circumstances, he would have wil-
lingly granted to the Legations, But now he preferred
to let events take their course, and has insisted on the
evacuation of the Roman territory by the French troops,
before he will comply with the proposals made to him fur
the good of the country. If the wishes of his Holiness
should not be complied with, be would place not only the
King of the French but the whole French nation under in-
terdiction. This threat will probably make some impres-
sion in Paris, as the southern provinces are strongly at-
tached to the Catholic religion. It would therefore be
very desirable for the internal tranquillity of France, to
find the means of maintaining peace ; for should any dis-
turbances arise from this cause in the French provinces,
M. Perier and his frien-is can expect no indulgence from
foreign Powers—a coalition as strong as that of 1813
would be the inevitable consequence. They can by no
means rely on the sympathy of other nations; they will
tint in them no allies against the united Powers, for war
teenerally gives a new direction to the minds and the doc-
trines of the French liberalism, which, when put in execu-
thm, are, as proved by experience, in contradiction with
the welfare and happiness of nations, and terminate in the
noise of arms. The Ft ench Cabinet will be convinced by
the expedition to Ancona, that the support given to an
norttly crowd of Italian rebels will he of as little avail to
the protectors as to the protected. Both the French who
form_ the expeditioto and those who reside at Rome, know
teat nothing is to be done in Italy by violence. We shall
scan learn whether the French troops are to evacu tte the
Roman territory, or to continue their stay. In the former
case al; differences would soon be removed, and tranquillity
restored in the Legations by measures for which the Pope
ftele disposed; in the latter case, incalculable consequences
are to be apprehended."
