1301V-S7'REET.

John Tucker was charged by Joseph Ostell, Inspector of Pavements
for the parish of St. Martin's .in-the-Pields, with causing an obstruction
in Long-acre, by standing on the footway pavement with a machine.
selling potatoes all hot. The complainant repeatedly cautioned him
not to remain, but he insisted that he had a right, 26 he had obtained
leave from a householder, and he was given into custody, but assaulted
the constable on his way to the station-house.

Sir F. Rua told him he subjected himself to a penalty of 51. for each
offence, for no person could grant him the privilege of causing an ob..
struction in the public thoroughfare; but as there was a possibility of
his not knowing he was transgressing, he would tine hiu: 20s. fur the
assault on the police-constable, or be sent to prison for 15 days.
William Junes, a lucifer-match vender, was charged with wilfully
breaking a square of French fluted glass, at the Edinburgh-castle,
Strand, value 11. Gs.

The prisoner acknowledged his guilt, and was ordered to make good
the damage, or go to prison for three weeks.

WORSHIP-STREET.

HOCUSSINO AND HOHNERY.—A man of respectable appearance and
plausible manners and add? esi, named Walker, wag enally examined on
a charge of being concerned with another in stef.iing a box containing
manufactured silk, of the value of all,, the \,„roperty of Mr. Wisbey,
ilk.rnanufacturer, of Spitalfields.

The prisoner, who was once before 'Charged with being concerned in
a similar offence, strongly protested his innocence; but Mr. Baum/0-
'l'o7i said it was a case for a Jtury.i and he committed him for trial.

NEW PUBLICATIONS.—Among the literary no-
velties immediattki forthcoming arc—l. A new work from
the pen of Miss Pardoc. It is entitled " The River and the
Desert," and forms the completion of her recent travels in
various interesting countries-2. The Life and Corres-
pondence of the Earl of St. Vincent, a naval hero only se-
cond to Nelson, arid one to whom Nelson himself owed the
chief occasions of his fame-3. A novel by Lady Stepney'
called ••The Courtier's Daughter"--and 4. The long an
ihninced work of that noted dramatist Douglas Jerrold, en-
titled " Men of Character." This production is of the sati-
iical kind, and is to be embellished with numerous character-
istic etchings after drawings by Thackt!ray.
There are no less than six yachts now building at
Cowes, besides a frigate, for the Duke of Newcastle.

spiracy to raise wages ; 44" a 'it is therefore clearly of
opinion, that to punish the ofre ace more severely, is a use-
less, wanton, and wicked intik-4:lc nof pain. If we recollee!
right, too, that Act was gassed after an investigation, pro-
moted by Mr. HusaissoN, .t:1 the effect of Mr. HustE's
Act to repeal the Combine don Laws, and is to be consi-
dered as the deliberate COT .clusion of the Legislature only
nine years ago, and sinco -:hen the current of public opinion
has not set towards cruelty, that two years' imprisonment
was as much punistm,,nt as the offence deserved.
How, then, can the Scotch Judges, and how enn the
Ministers, fly in the face of the Legislature, and send the
Glasgow Cotton Spinners out of the country to labour
in gangs in Van Diemen's Land for seven years ? Warned,
4'4 the Ministers now are and have been, were they to
repeat the mint; error they committed as to the Dorsetshire
labourers, and basilly k' send the Spinners out cf the
country, their conduct would tipr.a.ar to the great mass of
the working people nithout excuse, and would stamp them
for ever in their minds as their determined enemies. No
Government can afford gratuitously to earn the hatred of
large classes of men, and we trust therefore that the
Ministers will not be in haste to carry into execution a
-.ntenee which tested by the English law and the latest opi-
.'-- Legislature is 4 cruel injustice.

wineu
THE TRUE i4VN" IS NOW
~ORPor ATED.

LAND ON i
MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY _l9' le"-

We quoted a passage from the Times on Saturday, which
placed the resistance to the Ballot on the ground that the:
present elector; are not qualified to exercise the franchise.
" Ought," asked our Contemporary, " men to be entrusted
with the franchise whose position in society debars them
from its free and unbiassed exercise ?" In the same spirit
the Times declares this morning against the Ballot, be-
Cause it will increase the power of the Democracy :
" On this pint of the question, it says, we are ready to
take tic bull by the horns, and to declare that any mischief
to the• commonwealth resulting from the possible and inevi-
tably partial use of such intimidation as can be exercised by
men of large propert.; and intelligence, over these who hare
little of either, must be utterly insiO4cant, when compared
with the irresponsible oatnipotence of the laliottring and unin-
structed classes, acting under oultitudinuous exe,!'tMent, and
indulging their prejudice, fanaticism, or vengeance, w !.11c'ut
the direction of reason, or the fear of controul, but under thu
guilty guidance of demagogue ambition."
Passing by the clap-trap of voters taking revenge by
means of the Ballot/box, it is obvious that this passage
expresses the one grand Tory principle, that the masses
are not to be trusted. If they cannot be coerced, they
must be influenced, deluded, and cheated. In the same
manner " it ROBERT PEEL confessed (we quote a writer in
the Chronide that there were times and circumaances
under which he' did not think it expedient or compatible
with the preservation of peace and security to the institu-
tions of the country, that the electors should exercise their

nion of ti,,

At last our Contemporaries, both daily and weekly, have
taken up the subject of the Coal Monopoly. Whether
they were starved to it by the cold, or warmed to it by our
example, we cannot tell ; at all events, the poor have now
the benefit of their support ; but how comes it to pass that
each of them contains an abstract of a previous inquiry ?
Why was not such previous inquiry published before, awl
at the time it took place ? No Captain FISHER was ex-
amined last Saturday—when was be examined ; and why
was such examination kept back until this day ? Surely
this protracted report could not have been forced forward
by the steps we alone had taken to drag this monstrous
tuouopoly to light ? The Aldermen, too, we are glad to
s 4, displayed on Saturday a much warmer zeal than any
they had ::,?fore exhibited. To Mr. Alderman HARMER,
and also to Aldei7an VENABLES, the poor owe many
thanks. There is another Alderman, however—a man
ion of a Reformer—professing to
rejoicing in the appelL+
be a " full-length" man—a dem, j friend to every popular
political charge that can tickle the ears °fa larger constituency'
affecting to advocate the shortest Parliaments and thti ri;2st
extended Suffrage ; but not at all ready to save. tens of
thousands of his own constituents, their wives and their
little ones, from almost perishing with cold ; on the con-
trary, this bold, this unblushing special pleader for a most
accursed monopoly—ready to vindicate high pries en the
ground that coal-owners and factors had a right " to do
what they liked with their own," and to continue every un-
employed vessel in the pool, and that to the serious ob-
struction of the navigation and injury to the trade of Lon-
don, on the ground that such a system was necessary to the
maritime interests, and that to keep all employed, instea4
of being one-third idle, would be to " annihilate a part of
the nursery of the navy."
Why did not this worthy Alderman and zealous patric
extend his views still further? Why did he not carry out
his own propcsition, and recommend not only o3e third
remaining idle (the crews to be paid by the poor of Lon-
don), but that only one f.urth should be employed ?
There would then be a still larger nursery for our maritime
interests, and coals might not, perhaps, he more than
twice as dear as they at present are!

franchise wholly free from sa:aitary influence."
In precisely the same spit:A the Conservative writer of a
pamphlet called " The Ballot a. 7.4.1 the Constituency,"
declares, ex-
plicitly that the presCnt constituency are
not fit to be trusted with the independent exer-
cise of the elective franchise ;" and be proposes to
give each elector several votes, in propertied to his pro-
perty, on that principle of representing brick a.7d mortar
which has already caused such heart-burnings in many of
oar parishes. Now this true Tory principle of refusing to
confide in the electors and in the people at large is, we
admit, a consistent and proper reason in the mouth of Sir
ROBERT PEEL for opposing the Ballot ; but how can the
Whigs vote with those, in any one instance, who avow that
as the principle of their conduct ?
What has been the main principle of the Whigs, by
which they have been distinguished from the Tories
during the last sixty years ? Confidence in the
people. The Tories say coerce, the Whigs trust them.
On what ground did they, year after year, advocate the
emancipation of the Catholics ? They preached con-
fidence in the Catholics. They also persuaded the Legis-
lature, when they abolished the Test Acts, to rely on the
Dissenters ; and when they proposed Parliamentary Re-
form, what was their chief argument but the necessity of
atta cling the bulk of the people to the institutions of the
country, by confiding in them ? What, too, did Lord
JOHN Rc'.9SELL tell us at the beginning of the Session, but
that the ,way to content the people was to com-
ply with their' just demands ? On that principle
he and all the Mini,:ters propose to place in the hands of the
people the government if the towns of Ireland. Nor does
this confidence date only from 1829, though when Lord
LYNDHURST then quoted a celebrated passage from Mr.
Beaxes speech on conciliation with the Colonies, in order
to justify his departure from the Tory principle of coercion,
and his adoption of the Whig principle of trust, he made
the main distinction between the two parties quite
clear. Mr. BURKE'S great argument was that placing
confidence in the people, three cases be quoted, absi.lin-
in; from coercing them, and admitting them to all the pri-
'doges of the Constitution " operated like a charm, tumults
ceased, obedience was restored ; peace, order, and civiliza-
tion followed in the train of liberty." For upwards of half a
century, through some of the most extraordinary and
trying vicissitudes to which society was ever ex-
posed, has confidence in the people been the polar
star of the Whigs ; and the amazing success which
they had in calming an excited nation, by acting on it in
the case of Parliamentary Reform, ought only to have
endeared it to the reason and the hearts of statesmen.
Now, however, the Whigs have sided with those who
retase to trust the people. They are accordingly lauded
by the Times. For, one, though it be a grievous
error, our placable Contemporary speaks of Lord JOHN
RUSSELL, heretofore in its vocabulary, the shabbiest of the
shabbies, as a " man of spirit and honour." Mr. HALL
no doubt foresaw the contumely of praise to which Lord
JOHN and the Ministers were exposing themselves by
aiding with the coercive Tories against the confiding
Liberals, and opposing the principles of the Whigs, when
P.°, pointed out on Thursday night, the slough through
which the Noble Lord was wading. Sir ROBERT PEEL
and the Tories think that the people may be influenced by
assion, and are therefore not to be trusted. But are

The reasoning of this Alderman would be merely ridi-
culous, were it not mischievous. There was something,
however, which dropped from him on Saturday relating to
the opposition which Parliament and Government would
make to any plan which should lessen the number of seamen
employed in the collier trade. Was this a mere slip of the
tongue, or is there something behind the scenes with which
the public is not acquainted ? We happen to know that
" noses" have been counted,in the Coal Committee by the
monopolists, and that in the Vote Office of the House of
Commons a certain partizan of their's has been heard to
sum np their strength to one of the Members of that very
Committee in the following somewhat suspicious way :
" Mr. -- is a coalman ; Mr. is a coaltnati ; you
are a coalman ; Mr. -- is a coalman," &c. &c. What
could the worthy Alderman and Hon. Member mean?
We have heard, indeed, that one of the very members of
that Committee, at a meeting of coal-owners in the North,
moved and carried a motion, that " no more coals should
be sent to London for a fortnight." What was the object
of that motion ? The poor, who are paying two shillings
per hundred for their coals, will be at no loss to discover it.
There arc, however, some good Members on this Com-
mittee, who will not permit the inquiry to be burked. To
these Members the public must look for support. We tie
not believe one word of the indecent bravado, that Guvern-
ment will oppose the opening of the trade, on the flimsy
pretence that it would endanger the maritime interests of
the country. If the people will only come forward with
their petitions, Government dare no more adopt such a
course,
.than they dare to limit the supply of flour to the
bakers, or sheep and oxen to the butchers. We are satis
Lied that it is an idle and groundless calumny.
By the former Coal Committee in 1835, and the altera-
tions consequent on its Report—especially the substitution
of sales by weight for sales by measure—it is evident that
the intention of Parliament then was to protect the public
against the frauds, impositions, and extortions of the Coal
owners and factors. The same arguments might have been
used then as are used now to prevent Reform. The ob-
ject then was to protect the public against exorbitant
prices—the object now is to protect the public against
exorbitant prices—the intention is the same—let the acts
correspond ; as meters were discarded then, let monopoliiti
be defeated now, by adding clauses to the Bill to prevent
the double combinations of the factors and the owners—the
conspiracies of the north and the south—to starve the poor
and cheat the pubile.

Legislators never led away by orators ? Does Sir ROBERT
PEEL forget how much his vamped-up story and well-told
tale of cruelties practised in Ireland, many years before,
ivhich:had previously served the same deluding purpose two
or three times, led the House of Commons to pass, al-
most by acclamation, Lord STANLEY'S Coercion Law

In our leading article on Saturday, on the subject of the
late discussion of the Ballot, we made an allusion to Mr.
SIIEIL, on the supposition that he had purposely abstained
from giving his vote. This was an oversight on our part,
for the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, in consequence of
his having accepted one of the Commissionerships of Greet.-
wich Hospital, was compelled to vacate his seat, and is not,
at this moment, a Member of Parliament. Having thus,
in the hurry of writin;, made an erroneous charge against
Mr. SIIEIL, we feel it our duty to make him every reparatiop,
hich we do the more willingly, because we have ever held
iris character in admiration as an eloquent and unr;earied
advocate for the rights and liberties of the people.
He is now in Ireland, and will no doubt be returned by
uis late constituents—the patriotic electors of Tipperary.
We could ill spare the wit, sarcasm, and enthusiastic ap-
peals of Mr. SIIEIL in Parliament, when political shuffling
is to be exposed, or the cause of the injured to be vin-
dicated.

•
for Ireland, which the House of Commons regretted brfon:
the Session came to its close. Sir ROBERT judges of others
by himself and his friends, and because he has frequently
led the mob which congregates in the:House of Commons
astray, he asserts that :the bulk of the nation is not to
be trusted. This doctrine, if not followed by the Whigs,
would give us no concern. It is characteristic of his
party ; but when we find the Whigs embracing it, we are
smitten with dismay for its possible consequences. It must
be followed out to despotism, or, provoking the country,
must be given up, as in 189.9 and 1830, to the apprehen-
sion or rebellion. These statesmen will not trust the na-
tion, and in turn the nation will not trust these statesmen
and—when the mistrust is mutual and complete, the de
soruction of our present political system will not be remote.

One of the earliest cases which made the Whig Admi-
nistration be regarded as unfriendly by the working classes
was the case of the Dorsetshire labourers. The haste with
which they were sent out of the country fur an offence
which in point of law was very doubtful, and which, sup.
posing them to be thoroughly cognizant of the law, and
meaning to set it aside, was very severely punished, revolted
the labouring classes, and made them speak of the Whigs
as no better than the Tories. Nor did the pardon, followed
by recal of the expatriated men, tardily granted, while it is
plainly admitted the injustice of the punishment, and the
haste with which it was carried into execution. reconcile
the working classes to the Ministers. Since then the
declamations of the Tory Press on the subject of the
Poor Laws have deeply impressed on their minds the sen-
timent of hostility, and they--certainly in Yorkshire,
and the r,crtlicai counties, now regard the present Minis-
ters as more their decided enemies than the Tories. In
the case of the Dorsetshire labourers they suffered them-
selves to be made the instruments for executing the blind
and bigotted anger of the Dorsetshire magistrates ; and
we hope that they will not now repeat that error, and
hasten to execute on the Glasgow cotton spinners the
wrath of the capitalists, and the angry perversities
of Scotch Judges and Scotch law. The discrepancy
between that law and the law of England has been pointed
out both in Parliament and by the Press ; and taking that
at its minimum, the seven year's banishment with which the
cfronce is punished in Scotland, while it can only be punished
by two years' imprisonment in England, is, by all the excess,
a cruel injustice. No longer ago than the year 1829 the
Legislature ordained two years' imprisonment as the
maximum punishment for an assault growing out of a con-

Lord BROUGHAM has g,ivea notice that he will move in
the House of Peers to-morrow, a series of Resolutions
fledging the Government to a more active suppression of
that most detestable of traffics—the traffic in Slaves.
Every friend of humanity must rejoice at the determina-
•ion of the Noble and Learned Lord that, the goncr.)us—
, ,he immense sacrifices made by the British Parliament and
people, for the protection of the poor Africans, shall not
have been made in vain. After bribing every Slave-holding
State in the Old and New World, except France and the
United States, to put an end to this infamous traffic—after
expending millions to extort from tyranny and avarice a
right which GOD and nature gave us to prevent the most flag-
rant injustice of which man in an uncivilized state can pos-
sibly be the victim—it is surely not too much to insist that a
Jest of pirates shall not be suffered to deprive mankind of the
fruits of our chivalrous as well as Christian philanthrephy.
The only reasonable objection which we can anticipate being
made to Lord Brum ottases Slavery resolutions is, that
they ought to be divided, and made the subjects of two
distinct and separate motions. Instead of the whole, the
following only should be moved in the House of Lords to-
morrow

ADDRESS.—FOREIGN SLAVE TRADE.
That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty,
earnestly beseeching her Majesty to take immediate steps fur
negotiating with the Governments of Spain and Portugal,
andobtaining the concurrence of the Governments of France
and the United Statea in such negotiations, with a view to
declare the trade in slaves piracy, wherever the sante is car-
ried on ; and making those who persist in it liahle to all the
pains and other consequences of piracy.
RESOLUTIONS.—SLAVF, TRADE.
1. That it is the opinion of this House that the reward of
person engaged in suppressing tho trade trade in slaves, by the
payment to them of head-money, is highly inexpedient, and

THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1838.

outfht to he di!continned ; and that in lieu thereof there
should be substituted a pa}ment in proportion to the ton-.
nage of the vessels employed, and the number of guns, and of
the crew on board the sanic.
2. That it is expedient for the more effectual suppression
of the trade in slaves to employ a number of steam-vessels,
under the command of the
cru'izers of her Majesty, and to
issue to private individuals letters of marque, to enable them
to fit out such vessels, but so as they place such vessels un-
do- the command of her Majesty's cruizers ; and that the
money paid by way of rew.trd on the capture of any slave-
trachl vessel, as well as the proceeds of the sale of such Arcs%
sel when condemned, be distributed among the crew of
such pi ivate verscl, subject t 3 a deduction of one-fourth
part, f‘hich should be made payable to the officers and
crew of the cruizer under whose command the private vessel
may be.

length, and they again anchored, the Corsair outside of the
of her two. The brig had by this time got off the ground, and
within an hour, the breeze still continuing astern, came within
hail the Corsair, and passing close to her stern fired a gun.
Now, it must he recollected that on the day before the Rug-
lish vessels had shown their colours twice when in company
with the brig. However, on the gun being fired the Cor-
sair and Phantonaihoisted an ensign. Within a few minutes
a second gun was fired from the brig, and the Pet, which had
paid no attention to the first gun, now showed her flag. The
Russian being by this time becalmed also came to an
anchor. These circumstances have been stated to the British
Consul here, and the communication has given rise to the fol-
lowing question :
" If a French merchantman were at anchor in Torbay %lith
no flag flying, and a Russian man-of-war were to arrive there
wit'* an ensign up, can or cannot the Russians, neither of the
vessels being in her own waters, fire a gun to make the French-
man hoist his colours ?" _ .

'FI!e remaining Resolutions, which have reference to the
working of the Slave Emancipation Act of 1833 in the
British Colonies—and we shall annex presently—ought, in
our opinion, to form the subject of a distinct and separate
motion. The working of the Emancipation Act hag clearly
nothing whatever to do with the question of the Slave
Trade, now most shamefully carried on under the aus-
pices of certain Spanish and Portuguese merchants, and
the mixing up of two questions so distant in themselves,
may lead to an imperfect, if not an erroneous expression of
the opinions of Parliament respecting the enormity of the
Slave traffic. The following are the Resolutions which
we think the Noble and Learned Lord would act snore
wisely in moving by themselves, and not, as his Lordship
proposes, in conjunction with the foregoing :

If there was something very suspicious in the appearance
of the vessel, perhaps this question might be answered in the
affirmative, but everyone here replies at once in the negative.
Now, if such answer be right for a Frenchman in an English
anchorage, it must also be right for an Englishman in a
Turkish ancliora.re. Thank God 1 the Dardanelles do not
belong to Russia yet, and the officers of this man-of-war brig
seem to have overstepped their duty in the affair mentioned
above. They must have been as green as their uniforms if they
mistook either the Phantom for the Flying Dutchman, or the
Corsair for a pirate. Had they done so, some excuse might be
offered for their firing a gun, but as they had seen both these
vessels during the whole of-tin-day before, they could not but
have recognised them immediately. 'rlie Pet was certainly a
stranger. but this circumstance does not anct the real ques-
tion. The name of the Russian brig-of-war is Thc:nistocles,
Captain Nicolo Mityleno.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday
have been received. They contain no political news of any

interest.

After a protracted debate the Chamber of Deputies, on
Wednesday, ♦•oted the further consideration of M. Passit's
project for effecting the emancipation of slaves in the French
Colonies, though the question was opposed, on the ground
of being premature, by the Cabinet. No defence of slavery,
in the abstract was attempted by any party. The measure
was warmly supported by MM. DE LAIIARTINE, ODIL-
LON BARROT, and GUIZOT.

The Chamber of Peers has passed the Bill for granting
a pension to the widow of General DASIREMONT. On the
motion of N. VILLEMAIN, the Peers augmented the
grant, and regulated its appropriation in the way at first
proposed by Ministers. Thus amended, it was sent back
to the Deputies, who had not, on Saturday, fixed a day for
the re-consideration of the Bill.

General NARISIIKIN, Grand Marshal of the Court of St
Petersburg, has arrived in Paris.

FRUNCII FUNDS —Pante. Fun. 17.
Five per Cents.. 109 f. 350. 4tic. 30e. S.se.
Four per Cents., lOU. 75r.
throe per Cents., 79f. 55e. tie. 50c. 4.ie.
Yank Actions, 9,1190 f.
Bente de Naples, 90f. 10e.
Roman Five per Cents., 1017.3 i.
Spanish Actives, 10,134,
Spanish Passives, 4.
Belgian Bank, 1,555 f. 1,530 f.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents. 17%.
Hayttan Loan, Sysf.
RXCRANOR OR LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 47%e.; money, 25f. 4714 e.
Three months, paper, 95f. 36c. ; money, 25f. M4e.
LAST PRICER.
Five per Cents. 100 f. 30e.
Three por Cents. 79f. 50c.
Bank Actions, 2,683 f.
Romans' I (II N.
Belgian Bank, 1,515 f.
Spanish Actives, 19
Spanish Passives, 4.
Haytian Loan, 3ssf.

Brussels and German Papers have been received, but
their contents are uninteresting.

BELGIAN FUNDS—Nauseate, Ftn 17.
Actual Debt, '234 per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, S per Cent. 1t0214
Loan of Thirty Millions ASS(
Loan of City, 142. 4 per Cent Vii
Society of Commerce, 4 s,',per Cent l3l.
Rank of Belgium, b per Cent l4l
liatienal Society .
—Brussels Pipers, Feb. 17.
DUTCH FUNDS.—AsisTkabay, Fee. 16.
Actual Debt, aye per Cent.
Do do. 5 per Cent.
Amort Syndic 4!•y per Cent.,
Do. do.- 3 4 per Cent.
Cemmercial Company, 4% per Cent 179!4
NOW ditto
, AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, Fae. 10.
Five per Cents. Mutalliquee
Foer per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares ... 1469
—.lllgemeine Zeitkng, Feb. 15.

BRISTOL ELECTION COMMITTEE

(THIS DAY.)

The Committee met this morning at eleven o'clock.

Tile first witness examined was Sarah Berrier, the wife of William
Bereier, newavender, a freetnan of Bristol. She deposed that on the
Wednesday or Thursday before the %hitt was hurled, Mr, BOriLlgey and
?4r. Carlite came to her house and ingured for whom her husband
intends,' to vote. She said she believed one and one. Mr. Carlde
arid that was stabs, and he would give her husband the N, at
Christmas. Mr, .Berkeley, before going away, shuck hand* with her
and plae:d something In her hand, desiring her to give It te her htts-
band. Atter the gentleman hut gone sire examined the paper and
found it to contain a sovereign.
Qn cross-examination witness maid that her husband was in prison at
the two of the election, and did not vote for Mr, Berkeley.
He had talon the beoeflt of the Insolvent Act three times, and
had Lesides these time; beat in ',OM for other debts, Hcr husband had
had the al. before. He got it lour years ago,

In answer to questions by Mr. BALL, the witness contradicted the
evidence she had given in many respects, particularly as to the inter.
views she had with Mr. Harmer (the agent for the petitioner), at one
time stating that she had not seen him since her arrival in London
until this morning, and at another that she had seen him last week,
when she mentioned the sovereign to him. She denied ever
baling Mentioned it to him at Bristol.
Sarah Anh thtwerd, the daughter of the last witness, save evidence
as to the convcrsatiou abottt aml liusiptualt trailSrtt was QX-
amined as to the same facts. The latter witness stated that Mr. c4rlile
actually promised the 6/. for Berrier'a vote.

.4& • t •
r _
. ,
^ • i;

ZU
