CIVIL ESTABLISHMENTS,

Bahamas . £2,040 0 0
Nova Scotia
Bermudas 4,0000 0 0
0
Prince Edward's Islanil 3,,320 0 (1 0
0
StOres for New South Wales and Van Die-
Man's Land for Convicts, Clothing and
. . Tools for Liberated Africans at Sierra
Leone, 8,-,c 47,500 0 0
Newfoundland 11,9.61 0. 0
Sierra Leone - • 9,730 15 10
Gold Coast, Civil and Military Establish-
ments
0 0
Society for Propagation of. the Gospel in
Foreign Parts

105,555 15 10
Settlements in Western Australia 24,695 0 0
Fernando Po 31,159 0 0

£161,612 15 10

Lusus NATURt-E.—A cat belonging to Mr.
MAYER, of Montpelier Retreat, has lately produced alive
four kittens, joined together by the bryly and
Cheltenham Chronicle.

On Wednesday morning last, a, soldier of the
the 60th Rifles, now stationed in fegent's.road barracks,
received 140 lashes, in the usual manner, in the barrack-
yard, in pursu tnce of a sentence awarded him for heing
absent for several days from the barracks withosmt leave.
We understand the offence for which he wad punished was
aggravated by former miscond4.t. He is said to have
borne the infliction of the sentence with •much fortitude,--,
Manchester Heraci.

FIRE.—The upper part of the Grecian Coffee-
house, Devereux-court, Essex-street, Strand, was dis-
covered to be on fire 4tween eleven and twelve o'clock
last night ; and from the confined situation of the court,
and consequent difficulty there would be to brag the fire
engines to bear with effect on the premises, intense alarm
was felt by the inhabitants occupying the houses imme-
(lively near. By the active exertions of the inmates of
the estahlishm,nt, however, and, some partial assistance
from the parish fire-engines, the names, which were per-
ceived to have communicated with the roof, were arrested,
and much property, which otherwise must have been de-
stroyed, doubtless there'T saved. How the fire broke out
prarerl not to be linwvn,

MANCHESTER, Me s. 26.
It is probably fresh in the recollection of our
readers, that a short time since the barbarous murder
of young Mr. Ashton, of Hyde, the son of a wealthy
cotton-spinner of the same place, excited consi-
derable commotion in this neighbourhood, at whcli.
time It was supposed the murder bad been committed
by Some of the " turn-outs," in a spirit of revenge
for the reduction of their wages. Two persons were
apprehended on suspicion of the murder, and, after
several long examinations .before the Hyde Magi-
strates, were discharged. Another person isis now ap-
prehended on suspicion. This person Thomas
Trotter, a tailor, carrying on a small business in that
line, in St. George's-road, Manchester.
The circumstances which led to Trotter's being
accused of this heinous 'crime will be seen by the.
following particulars :—A young fellow of the name
of Jones, a prisoner in the New Bailey, in this
town, committed to take his trial at the ensuing
Salford sessions on a charge of secreting himself in
a dwelling-house with intent to commit a felony,
has, since his incarceration, evinced so much ck•-•
tinbance of mind as to attract the attention of the
turnkeys, to whom he at length confessed that
he could not sleep at night, for that he was
fully acquainted with the particulars of the murder
of Mr. Thomas Ashton, of Hyde, and accused Tro.-
ter, the tailor, of St. George's-road, with the ac-'
turd commission of the deed. Communication was
immediately made to the Magistrates of the diclo- •
sure, and Trotter was accordingly taken into custody,
and yesterday underwent a brief examination before
the Magistrate, Mr. Brierly, when it was shown
from the statement of Jones, who. appears to _be
about 18 or 19 years of age, that he had. knoreil
Trotter for some time, , and hal lodged With him
previous to the murder; that he (Trotter) came
home one night, and produced a number' of §3%T.:
reigns, aLd on Jones interrogating him as to lio'vir
he' becanie possessed of them, he (Trotter) said
that he had got paid for a job beforehand. JonCs '
asked him what job he referred to, and Trotter re-'
plied, " It. won't do to tell such lads as thee." •
During this conversation a pistol fell out of Trotter's
hat, which induced inqu;ry on the part of Jones as
to what he (Trotter) intended to do with such a
weapon, which he evaded, by observing that lie had
taken a fancy to it, .and had puichased it. On the
night of the murder, Trotter plied Jones very libe- -
rally with liquor at several public-houses, and the
!atter was eventually persuaded to go with him to
Hyde. Jones described the circuitous route by
which they reached the spot which was to become '
FO fatally memorable, and soon after son e person ap-
proached, and Trotter put the pistol into the hand
of Jones and s kid, " There, shoot that man."
Jones refused, and observed that he did not know
that he had come to do such a job as that, or words
to that effect. Trotter then snatched the weapon,
and advancing to that portion of the lane which
the person to whom lie referred was .at the
Moment passing, and through the hedge from the
field in which he was lurking. The result it
is needless to state. The above important disclo-
sure warranted Mr. Bricrly in remanding the pt.
soner until he could obtain the assistance of a Hyde
Magistrate, and accordingly Captain Clarke, a Ma-
gistrate,gentlemen
who at the time it occurred was very .
zealous jn endeavouring. to trace the perpetrator,
Came over this morning, together with Mr. Ashton,
the deceased,
rehosep
thet
un-
derwentthefi'tbear olofngexamination
in the course of which the following additional par-
ticulars were elicited

After the murder, Trotter gave Jones 20 sove-
relgns to insure his silence upon the subject ; and
he (Jones) was subsequently supported at the ex-
pence of Trotter. It appeared, also, that a letter
was written by Jones a few days since to his father,
requesting him to call upon Trotter and tell him
that he must provide the means of employing Coun-
sel for his (Jones's) defence; threatening, at the
same time, that the life of Trotter was in his hands.
At the conclusion of the examination the prisoner
was withdrawn, and the Magistrates remained in
consultation for about two hours, during which time
the prisoner appeared upon the rack. He occa-
sionally muttered to himself, then gasped hysteri-
cally, while every muscle in his frame was convulsed.
It never was the lot of the writer of this notice to
witness so terrible an exhibition of mental suffering,
He was remanded until Monday next. •

At a public meeting of the inhabitants of
Bridgewater, held on Friday, at the Bristol Arms Inn,
under the presidency of the Mayor, JOHN EVERED, Esq.
(who opened the business of the day by a very able appeal
to the electors), it was resolved to establish a Political
Union for the purpose of " promoting purity of election,
and of prosecuting and destroying, by all legal means,
bribery and corruption." E. LOMOND, Esq., followed
the MAYOR, and, after an excellent speech, read the rules
and articles, which were seconded by Mr. BxowN, and
carried unanimously. Nearly 200 voters immediately
scribed their names and cash.—Both Chronicle.

REFORNI IN SCOTLAND.—In 1793, Mr.
THOMAS MUIR, an advocate at the Scotch Bar, was sen-
tenced to transportation for being a Reformer—that is, for
publishing sentiments that went not a particle further
than the Bill of Earl GREY, lie should have lived to see
the present change of public opinion. We read in the
Glasgow papers that—" Upon the day of procession there,
the Springburn flag had the portrait of Mr. MUIR in
full length, with the remarkable words which be ad-
dressed to the Court b,fore sentence was pronounced, viz.
It is a good cause, and shall ultimately prevail.' "

- -
PATRIOTIC PRINTERS the WeVbrd
Independent the following curious apology is given for
the late publication of that Paper We have to apo-
logise to our readers for the delay beyond the usual hour '
of this day's Independent. It is owing to the fact of all
our compositors having absented themselves from the
office yesterday to join the festivities of the day." The
prinprs, it appears, were attending the chairing of the pa •
pular representative.

On Monday the election of a member of
Parliament for this district of burghs took place at Dum-
barton, when Mr. JOSEPH Dixorr was elected. The
delegates for Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Rutherglen, voted
for Mr. DIXON, and the Glasgow delegate for Mr. FINLAY.
Mr. RtrssELL, on the part of Mr. FINLAY, protested
against the election on the ground of bribery. Mr. DixoN,
in his address, declared his intention of supporting the
Reform Bill.— Glasgow Chronicle.

•
There was caught in a net last week, in the
Tay, a herring weighing 4lbs.— Glasgow Paper.
GENTLEMEN PLOUGHMEN.--In conse-
quence of the determination of several of the peasantry in
the barony of Kenry, not to work under the wages
re-
quired by the Alt system, several of the country gentlemen
theta may be seen at work with their ploughs, assisted by
their sons.—Waterford Paper.

The strike of Messrs. GOT T'S weavers still
continues, without any probability of its speedy tegni-
nation. Two or three breaches of the peace have arisen
out of it, and have beconie the subject of judicial inquiry.—
Leeds InteJligencer.

• .
An extraordinary scene took place yesterday
morning in Westminster-hall. It has been the custom of the
clerks of the Sergeants-at-Law to take their stand at the
entrance of the Court of Common Pleas, where they have
been accommodated with a desk for transactin4 business.
Shortly after twelve o'clock, some dispute suddenly arose
between two of the clerks, and from words they proceeded
to blows, and fought two or three rounds with consider-
able ability nod effect, if their prowess may be estimated
by severid heavy falls they received, and by the difficulty
with Which they were parted. The offence of striking in
the King's superior courts of justice is still, it is be-
lieved, more penal than even' in the King's Palace, which
by the Sad Henry VIII., c. 12 (now"-iepe3lol) was punish-
able, when blood was drawn, by ' petpefnal impri-
sonment, fine at the King's pleasure, and kips of the
offender's right hand. When Lord THANET and i)tbeta '
were brought up for judgment after trial, on an inforina-
tion by the Attorney-General, for a riot and assault, at th'e
trial of ARTHUR O'CoNaon for high treason at-Maid—
stone, Lord KENYON expressed doubts whether the C.
expressly tfloorubs tstn ttg an
justice. In consequence of tee:.
the
three firw
the
es
right ot
hand, as
st o
required pronounce
General entered a moll pr P
- °se
judgmenta of tine and imprison-
and the Court pronounced
ment as for a common not.. of t:::
tf

FO]

(GN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the National of May 25.)
ROME, MAY 12.—Private letters from Naples
confirm what the English Papers said some time
ago, of a great attachment felt by the King of
Naples for an English lady, but insurmountable ob-
jects have arisen on both sides. This lady (Miss
Matlda Strachan), who is 18 years of age, quitted
Naples with her mother in company of the Nlarquis
of Hertford.
The following anecdote is related of Madame
Letitia Bonaparte :—She was ill, in a hopeless con.
clition, and almost without life. Her son (Jerome)
approached her bed-side, and read to her an article
from a Paris Journal, announcing that the Govern.
ment had given orders to replace the statue of Napo-
leon on the column of the Place Vendome. This
seemed to restore life to the patient—she raised her-
self, and is now better.
Princess Butera, so celebrated for her beauty, her
riches, her wit, and her misfortunes, died lately at
Naples. She contracted a second marriage with
Mr. George Wilding, Lieutenant in the Hanoverian
service, who received from her the title of Prince
Butera. This Prince is at Vienna.
(From the Messager des Chambres, May 26.)

PARIS, MAY 25.—The Marquis Sanadrian, a
grandee of Spain of the first class, Chamberlain to
Ferdinand VII., passed through Bayonne on Sun-
day last, on his way from Madrid to Paris. It is
affirmed that the journey of this nobleman, who en-
joys the entire confidence of the King, has for its
object an important mission.
It is stated that Colonel Amor, who, after a long
emigration in France, had obtained leave to return
to Spain, has been lately arrested at Valladolid and
transferred to Madrid.

The Military Commission of Castille has just
condemned him to five years' exile in a Presidio, and
to the loss of his rank in the army.
(From the Constitutionnel.)

TRIESTE, MAY 10.—We receive melancholy
news from Corfu respecting the situation of Greece:
the ❑ncertainty in which it is left with regard to its
definitive condition, and the provisional situation in
which it remains, and which is extremely dangerous
for a nation which has but just recovered front the
most violent excitement, have produced general un-
easiness, which may lead to anarchy, and render the
Greeks more unhappy than ever. Several islands
—for instance, Hydra and Ipsara—have hoisted the
tri-coloured flag, as a sign that they would prefer
the dominion of France to their present condition.
and would separate from Greece unless the Powers
should intervene and consolidate the Government
by the choice of a Sovereign. Nothing has more
injured the new State than the refusal of Prince
Leopold ; which was the less expected, as the steps
he had taken to be chosen were well known. If,
instead of shrinking from the difficulties of the situa-
tion, he had boldly assumed the reins of Govern-
ment, he would probably have founded the happi-
ness of that fine country. At present the Greeks
cannot expect to be relieved from their distressing
situation, except by the interference of the mediat-
ing Powers, and especially by the speedy nomi-
nation of a Sovereign.

(From the Courrier Francais )
Our national prejudices have often rendered us
unjust towards England. We must not confound
the English nation with the Government. The
people of England sympathize with the liberties of
the human race. They have often been reproached
with egotism, but it has not been sufficiently con-
sidered that the people are in the hands of the aris-
tocracy, who are by nature the most egotistical of
mortals ; in addition to which, the unparalleled pros-
perity of England, depending wholly on its com-
rnerce, all measures, although out of strict rules of
propriety, are to be considered justifiable when the
interests of that commerce are involved in them.
But, on the other hand, it must be admitted, that,
bad it not been for England, all the nations of Eu-
rope, oppressed by the coalition of despots, would
he groaning under the yoke of absolute power. The
Press of England has more than once given the
alarm which has saved the liberties of Europe. If
France and England would but cordially unite, and
jointly plant the standard of liberty on the shores of
despotism, in less than a year all Europe, from Cadiz
to the Neva, would be free. There are two things
for which our partisans of legitimacy can never for-
give either the aristocracy or the people of England.
The first is, their having consecrated the contempt
of " right divine" by the inauguration of an usurper;
the second, their having removed themselves from
the pale of the Roman Catholic church. The le-
gitimatists, therefore, desire the tiiumph of radical-
ism in England, in the hope that during the con-
fusion of a revolution, the light of the Catholic
church may be rekindled, the throne and representa-
tive government destroyed together, and an absolute
monarchy created from the wreck. While our
quasi-legitimate Administrators, forgetting the origin
and promises of July, persecute the Press, and de-
prive patriots of every employment, we turn our
eyes to regenerated England, and delight in seeing
the subtle fallacies of the Anti-Reformers wither
away beneath the thundering eloquence of the illus-
trious Chancellor Brougham. May he complete his
good work ! We are aware that, in offering our
vows for the liberty of England, we are promoting
the prospects and power of our eternal rival, perhaps
our enemy; but we were men before we were citi-
zens, and must regard as brothers all nations who
are struggling to throw off the yoke of despotism.
There is a community of principles and interests be-
tween us which they cannot refuse to recognize. As
long its the Constitutionalists of France and Eng-
land remain united, the sacred name of liberty will
not perish.
. .

The Cowrie,' Francais gives the following as
rumours of the day :—" T he diplomatic circles have
been occupied within the last month on the sub-
ject of an interchange of notes, to which great im-
portance is attached. M. Casimir Perier has sent
to both Vienna and Berlin, requiring either an en-
tire or partial reduction of the present exorbitant
military establishments, which, by exciting alarm,
paralyze commerce. The Cabinet of Vienna re-
plied, that Austria desired nothing better than to
place her army on the footing of peace, but that this '
could not be done till certain important questions,
connected with the present state of Poland and
Italy, were decided. France rejoined, that these
questions had been settled by the Congress of
Vienna, and that nothing prevented the Powers
from corning to an understanding as to the events
that have taken place since the revolution of July,
and modifying the stipulations of the Congress of
Vienna; that with regard to Italy, Austria had even
exceeded her rights in exercising an hitt rference in
the police of the Italian States, and that these States
could no longer form a pretext for new armaments.
In what related to Poland, the overtures of the
Emperor Nicholas having been rejected, it had
been represented to him that ac the present state of
Poland might disturb the peace of Europe, France
a"dt'England conceived it essential to call the at-
teopjf 3n of his Imperial Majesty to the Conventions
Vienna, which secured the constitutional inde-
pendence of Poland. It is this last note that gave
rise to the rumours of war that have been current
lately."

X private letter,
poafehNllarch 30, from Alexandria,
states, that " the
Egypt continues his
friendly dispositions tow'arc;osfotihe.French established
of Louis
more attach.
in his dominions, and daily
ment to the Government
proof. of good
whom he has just received a fle°,huis-Philip, from
will, by their leaving to him an Alger;
1827,
schooner, which have been in the Nilenesiofirifelge"e and
and which belonged to France in virtue
the COll-
- of Algiers. Hence such commercial
specula-
Lions as the distressed state of the country still per-
mits are entered upon with confidence, but they are
not very extensive.
FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIR, MAY 25.-Five per Cents. 91f. 40c.
Ioc. 91f 90f. 80c. 90c. SOc. 75c. 90f. 70c. 40c. 50c. 60c. SOc.
91f. 9lf. 40c. 5Cc ; New Loan of 1831, 91f. sc. 91f. 91f. 90c. ;
Four per Cents., 75f. 50c. ; Three per Cents., 65f. 20c. 10 S
. 20e.
15c. 641. 90c. SOc. 70c. &'f. 65f. 10c. Isc. 25C. 50c. ; Bank tock,
1,0351.; Bente de Naples, 50c, .30C, nf. 72f. 10c. 'NC ;

Rente d'Espagne, ; Royal Spanish Loan, 674, ;
ltente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 54 53% %,4 53 534 53%
Haytian Loan, 2850 Exchange on London, one month,
paper, 25f. 15c. ; money, 25f. 15c. ; three months, paper, 25f ;
money, 25f.—Coors Authentique.

NOTES UPON NOTES.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,—In perusing " Notes on the Reform Bill, by a
Barrister," I expected to find that legal accuracy and mat-
ter of fact reasoning which belong to the profession of the
writer; but, in total absence of these qualities, the public
ire presented with a mere work of imagination, or poetry,
or fiction. Instead of a clear, candid refutation of the
arguments for Reform, we have the most arrogant, corn
placent, dogmatical performance, which, with one excep-
tion', I ever read. I say, Mr. Editor, we have here a
barrister by profession with the license of a poet—the va-
nity of a coxcomb and the scurrility of Billingsgate—advo.
aatinz the cause of corruption and all its train of ills,
whether arising from the nomination of individuals to
seats in Parliaments, the abuses of the borough system, or
the perverse use of corporation privileges ; and not only
this, but opposed to all change here or elsewhere, uphold-
ing the ordinances of Charles X., and warning the people
of England, by the fate of France, from listening to any
alteration in the representation. But as the work I have
alluded to was an eminent failure—inasmuch as the good
people of England were not thereby deterred from peti-
tioning the Legislature against the continuance of colonial
slavery, but petitions have, ever since its publication,
abounded more and more ; so I have no apprehension that
the present superficial, flippant attack on a measure
brought forward with the unanimous ccnsent of the most
aristocratic Cabinet ever formed, sanctioned by the Illus-
trious Personage whose name is ever a tower of strength,
and marked by the late returns to Parliament with the
unequivocal certification of being the people's choice, can
be in the slightest degree retarded or we ikened in any of
its essential purposes ; but, on the contrary, that the
writer of " Notes on the Reform Bill" will witness his
own discomfiture in the restored vigour of all our own in-
stitutions, and the overthrow of despotic power in what-
ever country established. To go at once to the challenge
so triumphantly given by the quoter of " Junius"—it is
not for me, or for any one else, perhaps, to compete with
an anonymous writer of such universal and just celebrity ;
but without pretending to be a champion in the cause of
Reform, I shall answer the question propounded by
" Junius," by asking the Barrister if that mortification
which he is doomed to meet with in his spirit, were to
exist in any part of his body, and his medical attendant
were to advise him not to suffer the knife to be used in
taking away the part which was mortified, and which, if
not removed, must produce certain death, least, peradven-
ture, from the unskilfulness of the surgeon or other un-
foreseen causes, he might go too far and touch the parts
that may be perfectly sound, whether he would be satis-
fied either with his theory or his practice ?
This question is put to the Barrister ; and I will add
another, arising out of the argument of his departed friend
—When was man found infallible ? " Junius" asks—
by what infallible rule will you direct the operation ?
Are we then to resist every idea of improvement either
in the body politic or the body natural, till we find out
some rule to direct the operation which shall be infallible?
Does the eminent surgeon (in the Barrister's tale) desist
from trying any means of recovering his patient, till he
shall discover some infallible rule to guide him ? Does
Sir Astley Cooper, I ask, refuse to operate in cases of mor-
tification from want of such infallibility ; or does he
think it his duty to use every means which science and
consummate skill suggest to him as most likely, under
a rational view of the case, to benefit his patient ?
It is Mr. Pitt's own words that " the feir of going too
far, or of others going further than you wish in Reform,
is the worst possible argument, for it would be an absolute
check to all improvement." And though gentlemen at a
Pitt anniversary may say he was no Reformer, because
scared by the French Revolution, or affected by the atmos-
phere of office, to the discredit of his political consistency,
he swerved in after life from the manly, patriotic,
straightforward course of his earlier days; yet his prin-
ciples and his opinions, as recorded in the history of his
country, prove incontestably that he was in his heart a
friend to Reform in Parliament, to the extent of dis-
franchising a great number of rotten boroughs, and of
enfranchising such places as had grown into importance;
the same history proves also that he was a friend to Catho-
lic Emancipation, to effect which he sacrificed office, and
encountered the displeasure of his Royal master. Many
also, though unsuccessful, were the battles he fought
against that crying national sin, the Slave Trade. Had
he lived till now, his last words would not have been,
' " alas, my country," but be would have shared in that
general joy which lights up all countenances, except those
of a few Ultra Tories and one unknown Barrister ; to
whom I will return, after asking one question of the
Birth-day Revellers? How many of them would have
been seen fighting under the Pitt banner, inscribed as it
was with Reform in Parliament, the Abolition of the Slave
Trade, and Catholic Emancipation ? Fortunately, for the
peace of the Empire, one of these objects is attained, the
battle is won, another is all but won, and the third I trust
remains to crown with glory the brightest day that ever
dawned on England. Though ignorant temerity has
produced this miserable Bill of Reform, which is to
spoliate men of their birth-right, trample on vested inte-
rests, and do away with chartered privileges, it cannot
now be denied that the Bill, pregnant with all these evils,
is called for by the almost unanimous suffrages of an ill-
used, high spirited, intelligent people. Our Barrister calls
this unequivocal sense of the people of England, expressed
by their return of Members to serve them, as only the de-
lusion of the moment, the fancy of a day ; but will he
deny that the question of Reform is at least half a century
old, and that the most striking feature of it was a pro-
minent part of Mr. Pitt's own scheme. He will say Mr.
Pitt recommended a compensation, hut why did he do so ?
Because be despaired of finding sufficient patriotism and
disinterested love of country, to carry the measure without
this blemish in his plan ; f this is recorded as being his
only reason, and it is not one of justice but expediency.
And now, Mr. Editor, I will ask you a question, sup-
posing you to have read " Notes on the Reform Bill," what
does the writer mean to substitute, in his own wisdom and
his own infallibility, for the miserable Bill brought forward
by his Majesty's Government? Would he enfranchise
every living person, man, woman and child, or would he
raise the elective franchise in counties from 40s. to 401.,
and thus disfranchise more than half the present electors?
When it seems to answer his purpose, he is for disfran-
chising, and when it suits his other views, he is for en-
franchising all without exception. So much for his
sapient consistency. I shall not condescend to notice his
sneer at Mr. Buxton, who will pursue his right onward
course, unappalled by legal or poetical adversaries. It is a
strange perversion of language to accuse those of hardened
hearts or depraved understandings, who are pledged to
rescue us from the corruption, profligacy, and profuse ex-
penditure, attendant on the present mode of exercising the
elective franchise, and thus effect a great moral improve-
ment both in public and in private. The Barrister accuses
Ministers also of giving out that the present measure will
be final ; but in what sense do they affirm th,s? As re-
gards the piiuciple, nut the details. How will the prin-
ciple be affected, by admitting in future such places
as shall have grown into the requisite importance,
to the privilege of vending Members to Parliament
and bow will it be affected by disfranchising others which
may sink into insignificance ? Mr. Pitt said, "it is of
the very essence of the Constitution that there should be
frequent changes in the representation." The Barrister is
extremely sensitive on the subject of corporation charters ;
now, front what I have seen of corporations, their petty
squabbles, individual corruption, and faithless conduct as
trustees, I should not much regret it if there were not a
corporate town in the kingdom. I know a corporate
body consisting of a mayor, twelve aldermen, and twenty-
four common councilmen, who, as trustees to a will be-
queathing church preferment to the sons of burgesses, first
sold the next turn, and afterwards the advowson of a
living. So much, for the fuss about their chartered pri-
vileges, while, as Mr. Grant said at Norwich, the great
charter of the land is forgotten. In one of his poetical
flights, the Barrister allows his fancy to dwell most
seducingly on the never-ending suits and perpetual litiga-
tions which this Bill would furnish to the whole English
bar, by dividing counties and prescribing limits to bo-
roughs ; but as this is a mere phantom, a spectre of the
imagination, I will only observe, that his bright prospect
of procrastination, confusion, and legal difficulties, is made
to vanish by one short parenthesis in the mill, viz. that
these new boundaries and divisions are (for the purposes
of election only,) leaving all former rights and privileges
as they found them. For the sale of the profession, lam
sorry this littl,2 parenthesis intervenes; but, for the sake
of my country, lam happy to believe men can 1)5 found
both in the Privy Council and out of the Privy Council,
equal to this Herculean task, and who will be able to
exercise this arbitrary and unconstitutional power with-
in the space of three months. But though the Barrister',
professional expectations are thus limited, it sheave the
:l.Pei tt%ertil ytt their
eYo
nv. h
thatleh l e
tremendous ai
i lopes of defeatinghspai;gy are actuated ; that they
the Bill chiefly, if not en-
IA
:etonhge engine, vexatious
"the
change
tedious procrastination.
people are to be depended on, sh how little the
, • Six 'Months' Residence in COe West sashndio -
t see Wvvitt's political - ----"•-
papr

in the Royal line was effected by a minority of patriots
against a numerical majority of the people." Be it so,
and the same question was only carried in that more de-
liberative assembly, the House of Lords, by a majority of
two, the votes being 51 to 49, and out of the whole bench
of Bishops only two voted for the House of Brunswick."
Phis proves that the incorrectness of first impressions does
not apply only to the common people. I wish to be in-
formed (referring to the style of these Notes) if the fol-
lowing passage is the language of Junius or that of the
Barrister :—" At a time like this, when the honoured and
honouring independence of a mitigated feudality has
almost universally been destroyed, under the joint action of
mercenary misuse of landed property and a perverted poor
law, when the stiff, but magnificent robe, which shrouds
in its folds the eternal distinctions of rich and poor, has
been rent violently asunder, and the sharp edge of wealth
and pauperism have been brought into sheer collision," &c.
Whoever claims the above sen'ence, it has too much of the
unintelligible sublime for me.
As a last resource, the Barrister tries to frighten us out
of our very senses. The Crown is to fall from the head
of the Sovereign—the Aristocracy, unaided by corruption,
are to sink into the commonalty—the cottager is to lose
his little all ; church property, funded property, and
landed property, is to vanish into thin air, and chaos is to
come again, when this exterminating Bill shall have
passed. He considers it a case of life and death, and so
do I, and though I advocate the cause of Reform on higher
and more tenable ground than that of necessity, I will use
the Barrister's concluding appeal to my countrymen, and
say, " If you don't wish to see your streets stream with blood,
brothers armed against brothers, fathers against sons, neigh-
bours against neighbours. If you don't wish to see wives
and maidens violated, children massacred, murder in open
day, riot lording it over this fair land, and destroying every
thing good, great, arid beautiful in it beware of the Bar-
rister's insidious advice; be faithful to your King and
Constitution, both in Church and State; support the Re-
form proposed by his Majesty's Government, and approved
by the voice of the people, a Reform based on equal rights
and the general good.—l am, Sir, yours,
May 25. SURRIENSIS.

LATEST ACCOUNTS FROM THE WEST
OF IRELAND.-(RECEIVED THIS MORNING.)

According to letters received this morning from Castle-
bar and Newport Pratt, we regret to learn that famine is
rapidly increasing in this part of Mayo, and working a
dreadful mortality among the people. The following are
extracts from letters we have just received:—
" Castlebar, May 24.

" Hunger, typhus, and death are now the leading evils
in these districts. Every cabin entombs a corpse—every
countenance looks starvation—in a word, every house
swells the list of human woes. The wretched peasantry
have, up to Saturday last, evinced the greatest patience
under their accumulated miseries; but since they learned
that the Central Relief Committee, in Castlehar, would be
obliged in a few days to publicly announce their inability
to minister any longer to their wants, in consequence of
their funds being exhausted, and having no prospect of
getting any assistance from Government, they (the
people) have, in many places given way to the irresistible
impulses of nature, flown to the mountains, anti com-
menced driving away and slaughtering all the young cattle
that they found there. The popular magistrates, the priests,
and a few humane resident gentlemen have interposed their
remonstrance, and partially succeeded in putting a stop to
this sweep of rage and rapine. Unless the Government
promptly and humanely turn their thoughts to this heart-
rending subject, and extend some relief to those sufferers,
rest assured this country will shortly exhibit one of the
most appalling pictures of human misery that Europe ever
witne,ser!."

Another Gentleman writes as follows of the famine in
Mayo:— _ . _

" Since I wrote last, the raging famine in this part of
Ireland has brought on a dreadful typhus fever, which has
carried off hundreds of the wretched sufferers. Unless
the Government interfere immediately, and send over the
fifty thousand pounds which were ordered by the last Par.
liament, to alleviate the raging hurricane of deadly disease
and starvation which now pervade every part of this
county, the consequences will be hideous indeed ! 'Were it
not for the never-to-be-forgotten benevolence of the Mar-
quis of Sligo and Sir IL O'Donnell, thousands would have
been swept from off the earth, and have become the in-
mates of the silent tomb long ere this !"
