TIM SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY,-,EVENING EDITION,-FEBRUARY 12, 1839.

LONDON :
TUESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 12, 1839.

EVENING EDITION.

In the PEERS petitions were presented by Lord
WYN/ORD against the Poor Law and the Sale of Beer
Act, and by Lord BROTIGHANI against the Corn Laws.
The Bishop of LONDON adverted to the Memorials
presented to the Lords of the Treasury on the subject
of letters being transmitted by the General Post Office
on Sunday, and intimated his intention of moving for
them, arid for all possible information relative to the
id?lntrous practices carried on in India. Could not the
Right Rev. Prelate himself give the world some in-
formation as to idolatrous practices in England, that
would be to the full as instructive? As to the memo-
rials, be wishes no doubt particularly to have that one
which was hawked about from house to house of cer-
tain professional gentlemen, and signed by Jews as well
as Christians.

In reply to a question from the Earl of RIPON, Lord
MELBOURNE stated that MEHEMET ALI would exe-
cute the Treaty we had concluded with Turkey.
Lord BROUGHAM referred to the observations sup-
posed to be made against him in the other House, but
was assured by Lord MELBOURNE that the SPEAKER
did not use the words attributed to him.
On Lord MELBOURNE laying on the table the papers
relative to Canada, a smart conversation took place, to
which we have elsewhere adverted.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY having received, as
he naively let out, a severe rebuff from Lord HILL, for
meddling with what did not exactly_ concern him—the
honour of the Army, withdrew his notice for a motion
to inquire into a late military festival at Quebec.
The motion relative to the Navy, which stood for to-
morrow, was postponed sine die, but a little knot of
Naval Peers, consisting of Admiral Lord COLVILLE,
Captain the Earl of HARDWICKE, and Captain Lord
COLCHESTER, who sit altogether, seem determined to
have a fight about ships, since they cannot have a fight
OA board ship. Their Lordships rose a little after Six.
In the COMMONS a number of petitions were pre-
sented, and amongst them one from Leeds, against the
Corn-laws, of which Mr. BAINES was allowed to state
the prayer ; one from the Manchester Chamber of
Commerce, and from Ashton, all strongly worded.
,
Mr. PRAaD elicited from Lord JOHN RUSSELL that

he had communicated with Mr. FROST, a Magistrate of
Monmouth, and a Delegate to the National Convention,
about attending meetings where violent language was
used, but he found Mr. FROST'S explanation so satisfac-
tory, that he had taken no further steps.
Notices were given by Mr. WYSE of a motion re-
lative to education on the 20th ; by Lord DUN..
GANNON, of a motion for a Committee to inquire into
Maynooth College ; by Mr. Poe LETT THomsoN, of a
motion to re-appoint the Committee on Private Bills ; by
Sir P. Pou.ocx, for a Bill to alter the rules relative to
costs under certain Acts ; by Mr. BLEWITT, of a mo-
ti°a for Chancery Returns ; and Mr. FRENCH, for the
21st, ler an Address to give Ireland the benefit of rail-
vrayi.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL laid on the table the papers
relative to Canada, and announced a measure to be laid
on the table before Easter. The Noble Lord also ob-
tia;ned leave to bring in a Bill for the better ordering of
ris°tls, for the Establishing of District Prisons, for giving
tk Power of Summary Conviction to the Petty Sessions,
subject to an appeal, and makinz other regulations, and
two Bills for establishing Paid Judges for Local Small
_Debt Courts, and for naming a Chairman of Quarter
Sessions. These are the Bills which the Examiner of
Sunday quaintly described as the drop of essence that
was to flavour the nothing and water of th e Royal
Speech,
The Committee on Church Leases was re-appointed

after Sir ROBERT PEEL bad given the House the neces-
sary assurance that he still adhered to all the opinions
he had stated formerly on the subject.
Poor Mr. WOOD—he of Kendal, but no more to be
of Kendal—on moving for some returns, endeavoured to
set himself right IN ith the House and the country, for his
statement on seconding the Address. We refer our
readers to the Hon. Member's speech, and to Sir Ro-
BERT PEEL'S comment, who plainly told him that
he had done more to rivet the Corn-laws on
the country than ever he could do by his expla-
nation to unrivet them. Sir ROBERT declared
himself again opposed to the repeal of the Corn-laws.
In other men, such opinions may be formed from. igno-
rance; in him we will not say what they are formed from
He is unluckily obliged to court the country gentlemen
who form a majority of the Tory party, and his origin
makes him entertain a sort of terror of being thought
to court mob popularity. He will not do justice,
because the multitude demand it. To avoid the sus-
picion of being partial to cotton-spinners, he talks
loudly in behalf of the county gentlemen. Mr. MARK
PHILLIPS, and Mr. BAINES each gave, a sensible ex.
planation of Mr. Woon's unfortunate and misun-
derstood statistics. Lord STANLEY supported the
arguments of Sir ROBERT PEEL, and forced Mr.
Woon still more into the mire. Several other gen-
tlemen took part in the conversation, at the end of
which the returns moved for by Mr. WOOD were
ordered.

On Mr. BAINES' motion a return was ordered of the
quantity of corn abandoned and destroyed in the metro-
polis in 1837.
Mr. Fox MAULE obtained leave to bring in a Bill to
improve and extend the metropolitan police, one part of
which will go to increase their pay.
Tho Treaty with Austria was laid on the table ; and
the evening closed by Lord MORPETH informing Mr.
LEFROY that he hoped in a short time to communicate
to the House the intentions of the Government with
regard to railways in Ireland.
The House rose a little before Seven.

We yesterday evening promptly and exclusively
recorded the spirited condemnation of Mr. GEORGE
WILLIAM WOOD by his Kendal constituents—a
just retribution for his backsliding on the Corn-law
question in his speech on the Address. Verily the
electors have made him " a return accommodated to
the action." Misfortunes, an old proverb says, sel-
dom come singly. We have now to announce, that
yesterday, at a most crowded meeting of the Man-
chester Chamber of Commerce, Mr. GEO. WILLIAM
WooD was cashiered from his office of President
of that important body of merchants and manufac-
turers, and also dismissed from the Direction.
This trimming gentleman is now reduced to his pro-
per dimensions,—that of an ordinary Member of
the Manchester Chamber of Commerce. The Ho-
nourable Member can no longer do any harm to
the cause of free-trade ; he is deprived of the fac-
titious rank which alone gave him local importance ;
and per se he can do no injury to any class or prin-
ciple. Made by art, in opposition to what
is made by nature, the Honourable Member of the
body politic is now no more. Like the criminals
of ancient times, he is burnt with a hot iron ; and
the confession in DRYDEN'S Amphitryon alone
remains to him—" I was once taken on suspicion
of burglary, and was whipped thro' Thebes, and
branded for my pains." Denounced by his Kendal
constituents—deposed from a high office by his
fellow-townsmen of Manchester—scoffed at by his
political opponents in the House of Commons, and
an affliction to his own party in the Legislature, no-
thing remains for Mr. G. M. WooD, but meekly and
penitently to surrender his trust to his constituents
(as they request of him), that they may select a
more fitting representative in his place. Public
men, who thus change sides to balance parties, are
always treated as turn-coats. SWIFT, long since,
wrote the monody on Mr. G. W. WOOD--..

" To confound his hated coin,
All parties and religions join,
Whigs, Tories, Trimmers."

The speeches of some of his Kendal constituents I
prove that his conduct on the Corn-law ques-
tion was not his first offence, but that the
Hon. Member has several times failed to redeem his
pledges. We give elsewhere the proceedings
of the Chamber of Commerce in Manchester. We
understand that Mr. WOOD had " a fair trial ;"
that his personal friends, naturally desirous of
easing his fall, attended in some number, but all
would not avail. Mr. READ, the tobacconist,
made an eloquent defence of Mr. WOOD ; but the
majority of the meeting were " up to snuff," and
the eloquence was not received for the worth of a
pinch of Lundyfoot. A new Directory, constituted
of Total Repealers, was carried by a majority of
20 to 1. So much for Mr. G. W. WooD, who
we now leave to the further mercies of Sir ROBERT
PEEL, and in whose service he may hereafter en=
list.

The Bishop of LONDON last evening moved for
copies of certain memorials respecting the transmis-
sion of country newspapers and letters through the
London Post-office on the Lord's-day. We think,
if the object of the pious Prelate is to encourage the
strict observance of the Sabbath, not only in Lon-
don but throughout the Kingdom, he ought to
have extended the sphere of his inquiry, and moved
for returns of the number of letters and papers de-
livered on the Lord's-day in Manchester, Dublin,
Glasgow, Liverpool, and the hundred other manu-
facturing and commercial towns in the United Em-
pire, and also to what extent this practice in the
provinces had interfered with religious worship and
the due observance of the Lord's-day. This would
would have placed practice and theory in juxtapo-
sition, and enabled the House of Lords • to form
some rational opinion as to the grounds of alarm
at the proposed innovation. But perhaps this
would not have suited his purpose, because it
must have led to a result very different from that
which the theorists anticipate. It is certainly a
singular fact, that in those places where the Sab-
bath is said to be desecrated by a Sunday delivery,
and even in places more commercial in proportion
to their size than London, this day is observed with
more religious care, and the churches are better at-
tended, than in the metropolis. In no part of the
empire, except, perhaps, Catholic Dublin, indeed is
there such an open profanation of the Sabbath.
While the churches are half empty, the steam-car-
riages and steam-vessels are full ; the river, as the
Bishop to his sorrow knows, is covered with boats.
Hampstead-heath and Primrose-hill, and other
places around, are swarming with countless thou-
sands of idle people, while in many of the large
provincial towns the day is observed with as much
religious ceremony as either Mr. PLUMPTRE or
Sir ANDREW could desire. It would be well,
therefore, if the Bishop would inquire into the
cause of this, before he joins in the outcry
against a practice which we regard as a work
of necessity and mercy, and which actual ex-
perience has proved to be injurious neither to mo-
rality nor the performance of religious duties.
He would find that in the northern part of the
kingdom the minister and the schoolmaster have
been both at work to train up the people. That
the Dissenting clergy throughout England have
been following their example, mixing with the po-
pulation, establishing daily schools and Sunday
schools, and inculcating the proper observance of
the Sabbath ; and that they have been able to ac-
complish this, notwithstanding letters pass through
the Post-office, and they have no Bishops to superin-
tend them,or lead the way in the works of righteous-
ness. It is certainly a great stigma on these censors
of public morals—these guardians of schools, and
these teachers of the people, that they are always
the last in promoting improvements in the habits of
the people. Lancaster forced them to bring for-
ward a new system of education. Sir ANDREW
AGNEW and his party next forced them to cry out
against the desecration of tite Sabbath, and though
the people in many districts of England are perish-
ing for lack of education, they have roused them-
selves to something like activity only when they
found the Government prepared to bring forward a
plan for National Schools, which it was their pecu-
liar duty to originate.

Lord BROUGHAM has written a letter, which
will be found in another part of this day's Sun, in

which he vindicates himself from the charge inci-
dentally brought against him by Mr. WRIGHT, the
barrister (in the course of a trial that took place in
the Court of Chancery on the 31st of January
last), respecting certain articles on Railways that
appeared in the Monthly Chronicle. Lord
BROUGHAM, we say, vindicates himself tri-
umphantly, in the letter in question, from
Mr. WRIGHT'S hasty charge, that he had
written favourable reviews of his own speeches
in the Monthly Chronicle. We almost regret that
his Lordship condescended to this vindication. It

was not—it could not have been—expected from
him ; the preposterous absurdity of the charge
being its own sufficient refutation. If Lord
BROUGHAM be really so desirous as his enemies
suppose, of writing flattering notices of his own
works, how comes it that the Editor of the Edin-
burgh Review expressly states in his very last num-
ber, that he has been prevented, much against his
own inclination, from reviewing the late edition of
Lord BROUGHAM'S Speeches by Lord BROUGHAM
himself I Surely, if his Lordship would not, from mo-
tives of delicacy, allow a criticism on his works to ap-
pear in the Edinburgh Review,from another pen, he
would scarcely review them himself in a periodical
of far inferior character! None but the merest
driveller could act in this manner ; and yet there is
a portion of the Press who are constantly bringing
all sorts of absurd charges against his Lordship, which
are only put forth one day to be refuted the next,
just as if he were, in reality, the poor imbecile drivel-
ler, that, for party purposes, they would fain have
it supposed he is. We regard these calumnies—
and so we know do a vast mass of the people—as
neither more nor less than so many involuntary
tributes paid to the political influence or Lord
BROUGHAM. He is snarled at because he is
feared—were it otherwise, he would be petted or
passed by in contemptuous silence.

We learn from Dublin that the Marquis of
NORNIANBY'S acceptance of the office of Colonial
Secretary was known there on Sunday. It was
almost officially announced at the Colonial Office
yesterday. As his successor in the Government of
Ireland, the Marquis of TAVISTOCK has been
mentioned, the Earl of RADNOR having probably
been found too unbending for some politicians.

We have laboured.for some time past to arouse
the attention of our Statesmen and of the public to
the very peculiar condition of the country at the
present moment. We have dwelt on the striking
facts that the organized authorities are wholly mis-
trusted by the bulk of the people, and those who
thus mistrust the authorities, and under a pro-
fessed guise of obeying the law openly endea-
vour to subvert them, are much too nu-
merous, and too well organized to be coerced into
obedience, even if that did not imply a dreadful ca-
lamity, amounting to the total ruin of Britain's
greatness. To provide for this very peculiar state of
things requires all the wisdom of the ruling classes,
and it will not be provided for by a Bible education,
by Scriptural schools, or by the' extension of the
Church. The evil is pressing and immediate, while
those remedies, supposing them ever so efficacious,
can only come into operation for the next generation.
In fact, while the gentlemen who meet at the Free-
mason's Tavern, and even those who assemble at
St. Stephen's, are benevolently talking of taking
care of the rising generation, the risen-up and ma-
ture people, are providing for their own redemption.
Education schemes, let them spring from whom
they will, are now too late.
An illegal meeting (says the Times), usurping or sham-
ming the functions of the House of Commons, is sitting
under the nose of the Home Department. It may be true
enough that the Convention intend to begin by preparing
petitions—but it is quite plain they do not mean to
stop there. The very first notice on their book—
(for they have their Orders and Notices of Motion
for the week, all in due form, like that House of
Commons which they have arisen to extinguish)—is to
the effect that they will, on an early day, consider
" what ulterior means they would employ, or what measures
theywould resort to or recommend to the industrious classes,"
" should it unfortunately happen that the Delegates fail in
their attempt to convince the Members of the House of Com-
mons of the justice of the principles of the People's Char-
ter." After this intelligible warning, what does the Home
Department mean to do? Its chief Minister has not chosen
to treat the Convention as too unimportant to require any
notice at all : and we find no fault with him so far ; for
the endurance of an institution with mischievous objects,
though weak and insignificant it be, may encourage others
of higher powers and pretensions, and establish a dan-
gerous precedent of impunity.

That Convention is sending its Delegates through
the country ; it collected a more numerous assem-
blage last night than has for some time been seen
in the metropolis, and will collect on Monday a
still more numerous one. These people talk
openly of fighting. They have resolved, like
their betters, to coerce, if possible, other men
into submission, and we want to know when
and where all this is to end ? The Times
implies that the Convention is to be put
down by force, still further to, exasperate those
whom continual ill-treatment has driven to
the verge of despair. We are for no coercion, we
would have the Parliament begin by setting
a good example, by disavowing the principles of co-
ercion and terror as instruments of Government,
and of obtaining just ends, requiring obedience by
doing justice and deserving to be obeyed. At present
it is unhappily a truth which every day forces itself
irresistibly on the conviction of every thinking and
reflecting man, that what with Corn laws, Pension
Lists, and coal monopolies, the Parliament does not
deserve to be obeyed. What will come of this
conflict of opinions we cannot foresee, but we in-
sist on the fact that it deserves the instant and un-
divided attention of the Legislature.

The draught of the Address drawn up by a
Committee of the Portuguese Chamber of Depu-
tins, in answer to her Most Faithful MAJESTY'S
Speech from the Throne at the opening of the pre-
sent Session of the Cortes, which appears in another
column, is especially worthy of notice for the de-
cided tone in which it denounces the abomination
of the Slave traffic, and the extent to which it pledges
the nation to support the constitutional cause in Spain.
"The traffic in Slaves," emphatically observes the A-
ddress, "IS, WITHOUT DOUBT A DISGRACE IN THE
EYES OF THE CIVILIZED WORLD,and the Chamber
will be willing to agree to ANY NEGOCIATIONS,
that may be entered into for its EXTINCTION, pro-
viding the liberty of commerce, the dignity of our
flag, and our colonial interests are not lost sight of."
Contrast these noble sentiments with the gagging
votes of the United States' Congress, and mark
whether it is possible to restrain the indignation
to which the liberal pretensions of Transat-
lantic Republicans champions, forsooth! of
E
liberty and equality, and self-deputed guardians
of Canadian
Europe
e give rise. There
is no nation freedom—must
inu
whose subjects have
so deep an interest in the maintenance of slavery as
Portugal ; there is no nation in perhaps a worse
condition to brave the indignation of those whose
prospective interests are invaded by the abolition of
the slave traffic ; but the promulgation of the Con-
stitution pledged the Crown and the people to the
establishment of an equality of civil rights, and the
Portuguese are not such adepts in Transatlantic
sophistry, as to discover that natural rights depend
upon the colour of the skin. The desire to co-
operate with England in the extinction of the slave
traffic is all that we can reasonably expect from Por-
tugal ; and should the paragraph of the Address
which we have quoted be adopted by the Chamber,
such a wish on the part of the Portuguese Govern-
ment and the National Representatives can no
longer be called in question. With respect
to Spain, the Address not only expresses sym-
pathy for the Constitutional cause, but promises
all the support which the Portuguese Government
can afford after the pacification of the disturbed dis-
tricts. In one word, the Government of Portugal
manifests a very praiseworth anxiety to neglect no
duty required of it by a strict regard to its commer-
cial obligations, its avowed principles of political
action, and the faith of Treaties.

The French Journals of Sunday contain no news
of the slightest general interest. Advices from Ma-

drid of the 3d announce the arrival of. the new
Premier, M. PEREZ DE CASTRO, in that capital,
accompanied by a strong military escort. Simulta-
neously with his arrival, several decrees for the
equalization of inland duties were promulgated.
We regret to announce that the health of Lord
CLARENDON, our Ambassador, has been so deli-
cate, as to prevent him from leaving his apartments.
Hopes, however, were entertained, on the 2d, of
Lordship's speedy recovery.

The Phare of Bayonne of the 7th has the following ar-
ticle. In the night of the 3d inst. the fortifications of
the Munagorists were swept away by a sudden rise of the
Bidassoa, the plain was inundated, and on the 6th, not-
withstanding the waters bad subsided nearly six feet, the
site of the fort was still covered. The two pieces of can-
non and a powerful waggon were buried in the mud.
All communications between the French frontier and
the Fuerist camp was rendered impracticable, and it was
not till the 3d that it:was possible to send a small quantity
of provisions to the men forming the expedition.
It is still affirmed on the frontier that a Carlist expe-
dition will be undertaken in the month of March.—Le
Commerce.

an expression which, if true, confirms our
part which our army is intended to act.
The opinion
A Belgian paper, the Observateur, ascribes to the Duke
of O
rle an f
of Orleans has lately declared to a person
o Duke s
the
who takes a great
i interest in our country, and has elo-
quently defended t, that the formation of a French army
in the northern department, was not with any views hostile
to Belgium. Our army said it cannot join the Belgians
in their resistance, but if they should be overpowered, it
would suffer itself to be cut to pieces rather than let a Ger-
man battalion pass the limits traced by the 24 Articles._
Gazette de France.

METROPOLITAN POLITCAL SUM

MARY.

The Times of this morning discusses the recent cor-
respondencebetween Lord J. Russell and Mr. Frost, one
of the Monmouthshire Justices of the Peace, which was
alluded to in the House of Commons last night ; and
pretty broadly intimates that his Lordship is " suc-
cumbing to the spirited reply' of Mr. Frost, and leav-
ing the respectable inhabitants of the borough
of Newport to be justiced by this crowing med-
dler." The opening passage of this article is
more to be commended for its artful and
ingenious sophistry, than its sound or just logic.
The same Journal, commenting on the meeting
of the " National Education and Church Extension
Society," which took place on Saturday, takes occasion
to call it :" a large and gallant gatheeing"—an apt
allusion to the militant qualities of Protestant parsons,
as exemplified in Ireland on tything days—and adds
that " the Ministerial plan of education, understood to
be forthcoming in a day or two, is likely to realize the
worst fears of every constitutional Englishman." This
article, which is full of all sorts of gloomy vaticinations,
is evidently meant to act as a Tory alarm-bell.
The principal leading article of the Morning Chronicle
is devoted to the question of the Corn-laws, and speak.
ing of the recent meetings of the friends of those laws
at Canterbury and Banbury, says, smartly and point-
edly " neither of these meeting possess the usual
interest of public assemblages ; they were ungraced by
argument or oratory ; and all the strength seems to have
been confined to the resolutions, for the Canterbury
Tales were tedious, and only half baked were the
Banbury cakes !" Our Contemporary then proceeds to
controvert the favourite Tory notion that an alteration
in the Corn-laws would be a violation of good faith.

The Morning Herald is also engrossed with the
question of the Corn-laws, but the only remark in our
venerable Contemporary's article worth quoting, is the
following :—" Let us repeat, because the great truth in
this matter cannot be too frequently repeated in
opposition to the impudent misrepresentations of
the Anti-Corn-law spouters and essayists—let us
repeat, that our modern system of foreign trade is not
a healthy nor an honest system. It is a system
whit, on its present principles, would have no
existence, if the capitalists who carry it on were not
permitted by our defective fiscal arrangements to de-
fraud the class of operatives of the fair value of their
labour." Grandmama here speaks out more boldly
than is her wont.

The Morning Advertiser has a short article com-
menting on the rumours respecting the changes
likely to result from the retirement of Lord
GLENELG from the Colonial-office, and says " Lord
NORMANBY is to succeed Lord GLENELG, and
who is to be the successor of Lord NORMANBY,
as Viceroy of Ireland, has not, so far as we are aware,
been yet determined. The result lies between the Earl
of RADNOR and the Duke of SussEx. Esteeming the
former as a most consistent Liberal, we vote for the
latter."

MALDON UNION.
RESIGNATION OF GUARDIANS.

At a meeting of the Board of Guardians, on Thursday last, out
of twenty present, fourteen resigned their seats. A correspondent
gives the following particulars :
" The Guardians resigned in consequence of the Commissioners
having ordered the disallowance of the cost of maintenance in the
workhouse, of two childrdh of an age incapable of assisting their
parents, belonging to able-bodied labourers, whose families are too
numerous for them to maintain, although in the receipt of as liberal
and high wages as farmers can possibly afford to pay. The Guar-
dians think they ought to exercise their discretion if it is only under
such extreme cases, by taking children into the Union School, at
least for a year or two until the existing large families can be dis-
persed by being placed out at service, or arrive at an age to labour
for their own living. That it ought not to be forgotten that,
in the administration of the old Poor law, great encourage-
ment was given to improvident marriages. So slight
a discretion in the judgment of the Guardians being denied,
they determined no longer to remain the mere servants of
the Commissioners, as the relieving officers and clerk could obey
their mandates without their assistance, if the practical knowledge
which Guardians are supposed to possess is treated so contemptu.
ously. At a late meeting of the Board we asked Colonel Wade to
define the term Able-bodied man.'" [lt does not appear that
any reply was obtained.) Our correspondent then goes on and
points out the defects which very frequently occur in persons coming
under the denomination of able-bodied men :—" There may be no
physical defect, still he may be deficient in stature, which will
disable him at agricultural work, to earn any thing like what
another man can do, and consequently such a defect will
preclude the possibility of his wholly providing for a large family.
For example, we have a man, his wife, and seven children. The man
is capable of supporting four. This man and his family have been
in the house so long at 21s. a week, expense that he is not disposed
to leave it. lam not disposed to extend out relief in any shape,
unless the father is fully paid, and his children are employed which
are capable of doing work. The Commissioners appear greatly to
underrate the services of the Guardians, and the sacrifice of time
which they devote at the Board. These gentlemen are unadvised
of the circumstances attending the advantages of a light land dis-
trict, as compared with that of a heavy land district. In the latter,
work is not to be found for women and girls in winter and unfavour-
able weather. On the contrary, in light land districts they are em-
ployed in pulling turnips, and various other light labour, and can
contribute much towards the maintenance of a family. Of these
circumstances the Commissioners are unadvised, and therefore act
in the dark ; and their Assistant.Coramissioners are not of that class
in society capable of giving them information."—Esser Herald.

BONDED CORN.—. r, sshies, in moving for
a return of the quantity of bonded corn abandoned by the importers
In the port of London in the year 1837 and destroyed, stated as a
ground for his motion, that he was creditably informed that in the
year 1831 a cargo of wheat amounting to one thousand quarters,
was imported into this country from Odessa and landed in the Port
of London, which in consequence of our Corn-laws remained in
bond till 1 x 137, when it was found to have so much deteriorated by
long keeping, that it was not equal in value to the duty that would
have been payable on its liberation, and that as an act of grace on
the part of the Government, the importers were allowed to take the
corn out of the bonding warehouses without paying the duty, and to
throw it into the Thames ; and that this destruction of human food
too
of famine.placewhen the people in the Highlands of Scotland were in a
state

ANOTHER CH INf PA NZEE.—Within the last few
days the menagerie of the Zoological Society i❑ the Regent's Park'
has received an accession. The council have just purchased another
male chimpanzee. He is not quite so large as the former chimpan-
zee, of amusing memory, whom many of our readers visited three
years since, in what was then the keeper's kitchen, bu the is healthy,
and in good spirits, and equally worthy of notice. It may be worth
reminding our younger friends that the chimpanzee is from Africa,
and that Asia is the native country of the chestnut.coloured oran,
now also alive at the gardens.

The whole charge of Coroners in Middlesex and
Westminster last year was 4,7001. 15s. 4d.
GAME FROM AMERICA.—Our great wonder
has been productive of numerous small wonders, amongst others,
several of the citizens of Bristol have had upon their tables a brace
of quails from America, quite fresh, and every way in good con-
dition. The birds were shot by Mr. G. Macready, surgeon to the
Great Western, the day before he left New York.—Bristol Mirror.
A SUBSTITUTE FOR STEAM.—A Correspon-
dent informs us that an ingenious mechanic (Mr. William Dupe, of
this city), has discovered a substitute for steam for propelling wheel
carriages and ships. The invention, which is a very simple one,
acts by condensed air. It is calculated it will not cost more than
one_third of the expense to work it, and will take up a much
smaller space than a steam.engine. A model of this invention has
been shown to several scientific gentlemen of the University and
City, who have expressed their decided approbation of it.—Oxford
Chronicle.

_ -
SETTLEMENT OF AN ILLEGITIMATE CHILD.
—ln answer to a question respecting the settlement of an illegiti-
mate child, born since the passing of the Poor-law Amendment Act,
whose mother has married subsequently to that period, her husband
being now deceased; the Poor.law Commissioners have stated that
" The 71st section of the Poor-law Amendment Act declares that
bastards born since the passing of that Act, shall have and follow the
settlement of their mother, until they attain theage of sixteen, or
FA RM E R s.—The farmers
acquire a settlement in their own right. The Commissioners have
had occasion to take the opinion of counsel as to the construction
of that section,and they are advised that the case where the mother
marries is not an exception, and that the settlement acquired by
such marriage would be communicated to her illegitimate children."
STARVING--THE
say that if Corn-laves are repealed they cannot possibly pay the rates
and taxes which more particularly press upon them, including the
great Church-tax of Tithes, augmented as that heavy burden has
been by the Tithe Commutation Act. Well, then, suppose they can-
not endure sucha weight of taxation ? Is that a reason for the rest
of the country quietly to submit to pay a double price for bread or
starve ? Is that a reason why the commerce which has given the
means of living to millions in these Islands should be suffered to pe.
rich f—Devonport Independent.
Coßic-LAws.At a Special Meeting of the
Anti-Corn-law Association, held yesterday afternoon, it was re.
solved " That a Public meeting be convened at the Crown and
Anchor Tavern on Tuesday next, the lgth inst., to petition for a
total repeal of the Corn-laws," to which those Members of Parlia-
ment who are favourable to the measure will be invited.
We understand, from a source on which reliance
can be placed, that the Earl of Clarendon's object in returning to
this country shortly from Spain does not relate to the settlement of
the affairs of the late Earl, but to make the necessary arrangements
previous to being united to Lady Catherine Barham, the daughter
of the Earl and Countess of Verulam. From inquiries in quarters
likely to be well informed, it appears uncertain whether the Noble
Earl will resume his diplomatic functions at the Court of Madrid.—
Morning Paper.

COMMON PLEAS.-(THIS DAY.)

The Lord CHIEF JUTICE was engaged, as he was yesterday, and
will be tomorrow, in trying a special Jury case—Shears v. Crease,
a Cornish mining case—presenting no public interest.

CRIMINAL COURT-(THIS DAY.

[Before Mr. Justice VAUGHAN.]

John Wm. Greenshields, a man of gentlemanly appearance, was
indicted for having, on the 27th January, by furiously driving a
chaise, caused divers mortal fractions in different parts of the body of
William Poole, by_which he died. The prisoner was also charged
in the Coroner's verdict with the manslaughter of the said Poole.

It appeared in evidence that the chaise was proceeding at the
rate of sixteen miles an hour, with two persons in it, towards town
The horse was galloping, and the night was moonlit but cloudy.
On coming to a turn In the road, which is shaded from the gaslight,
the deceased, who was seventy years old and deaf, was in the act of
crossing when he was knocked down, and the wheel passing over
his body he received such injuries as to cause his death.
Guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy.
Mr. Justice VAUGHAN, in passing sentence, said he had never heard
a case with greater pain, particularly as the prisoner had manifested
such concern, not only for the deceased, but for his poor widow.
After commenting on the impropriety of furious driving, and ex-
pressing himself perfectly satisfied with the verdict, his Lordship
concluded by sentencing the prisoner to one fortnight's imprison..
ment in the gaol of Newgatc, at the same time expressing a hope
that a shilling a-day would be continued to be allowed to the poor
widow of the deceased.
