GENERAL ELECTION RtFORNIS„

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Stu—The present opposition to the transferiing
of Parliamentary Representation from boroughs
proved guilty of notorious corruptions, to large com-
mercial towns, which, although possessing great
property, and doubling or trebling the value of the
adjacent country, have no means of representing
their interests but through the Members for their
respective counties, who cannot, from their exten-
sive representation, have due leisure to attend to the
peculiar wants of populous manufacturing districts,
or to investigate how far their demands may coincide
with the general interests of this extensive em-
pire, appears not to be founded On Constitutional
At the period when English Parliaments assumed
any reg Mar form, it was obviously the design of the.
Legislature to give the power of making laws, and
the raising of taxes, to the representatives of pro-
perty, whether in land or commercial capital, con-
sequently to freeholders of 40s. annual income in
land, which at that period, before the depreciation of
our currency and the great increase of the price of
provisions, consisted of, or included, a highly re-
spectable class of yeomanry; whilst, on the other
hand, the freemen of the towns and boroughs chiefly
possessed the commercial capital of the nation
therefore, at the period of the regular construction
of our Parliaments, the power of raising money w Jr.;
vested in those highly interested in its expenditit
and application, and in the passing of such laws a-,
would be beneficial to the commercial and landed io
terest conjointly. The vast increase of value of the
latter has been almost wholly owing to the great
prosperity of our manufactures, and their demand
in foreign countries ; without which the value of
land in this island would be little more than in 'Po-
land, and must be reduced to that state if the com-
mercial and manufacturing interest be not well at-
tattled to.
The consequence of their neglect must evid:mtly
be the ruin of our manufacturers and artisans, and
the emigration of all who possess the means, leaving
the residue a burthen on the poor rates sufficient to
consume the major portion of the rents arising to
the landholders, which, from the general poverty,
must fall to what they were previously to the rise of
our manufactures; prior to which the land in the
neighbourhood of Halifax was, even in the memory
of man, scarcely worth ss. per acre annual rent,
altheugh from 3l. to -IL at this period.
The election of representatives in Parliament, so
far as relates to the landed interest, is now chiefly
vested in the votes of small freeholders, who pay very
little of direct taxes, and are too easily bribed, and
also have, during the period of elections, their morals
much injured by intoxication and temporary idleness.
This inconvenience, without taking away any privi-
lege from 40s. freeholders, would be very essen-
tially abated if houses, during the period of any dec.-
tion, were strictly prevented from entertaining voters
at the expence of the candidates and their friends;
and incurring or defraying any charge whatever
front bringing them to the place of poll, and return-
ing then, to their homes also prohibited, by vacating,'
the election of any Member proved accessory to these
practices. These enactions would noway abrogate
the privilege of freeholders, and would materially
save the landholders front the impoverishing their
estates by contested elections.
The boroughs, whose original commercial conse-
quence was such as to entitle them to represent that
species of property in Parliament, are many of them
now of no consequence in commerce, and towns
that formerly were inconsiderable villages, not
worthy of representation, have now, from the local
rise of commerce and manufacture, become of great
magnitude, and possessed of a very considerable
portion of the capital of the kingdom, without any
efficient means of representing their interests in Par-
'lament. The equitable means of their obtaining' it,
consistently with the original spirit of the Parlia-
mentary institution, would obviously be to remove
the representation from small towns of no commer-
cial consequence, whenever by palpable corruption
they may forfeit the privilege granted them for other.
purposes, and give it, under certain regulations, to
those towns which now possess the commercial
wealth of the empire, and which, consistently with
the Constitution, ought to be represented. A
very considerable number of patriotic Members
have seen the propriety of it, but have been
outvoted by a majority of great landholders,
who are apparently jealous of, if not ungrateful
to, that class of the community to whose successful
endeavours the great incomes from their estates are
chiefly owing. On the other hand, the disposition
of many to do justice has been paralyzed by the idea
that giving the representation of large commercial
towns either to their freeholders, or freemen where
the places are incorporated, would cause such a de-
gree of dissipation, immorality, and idleness, during
the time of election, and for some period afterwards,
as would more than balance any advantage derivable
fsom the place being possessed of representatives iu
Parliament. There is much truth in the idea; but
as the manner of election may be so modified as to
prevent those evils, I shall give you, Mr. Editor,
an abstract of a letter which, under the signature of
Northumbriensis, I wrote to the Lord Mayor of
London on the 3d of April, 1821, on the eve of it
meeting at the Crown and Anchor, on the subject of
Parliamentary Reform :
My Lord—As you will, I presume, preside at the
approaching meeting for the purpose of petitioning
the Legislature for some reform in the mode of send-
ing Members to the Lower House of Parliament,
which must sooner or later take place, provided it
be followed up with unity and simplicity of design ;
and as, on the other hand, discordance of opinion
must necessarily defeat the object, I shall take the
liberty of suggesting to you, my Lord, and through
you to the meeting, the following general principles
as being apparently unexceptionable, viz.:-
Ist. That the constituents should be of that class
who have property to be protected, and sqfticiently
numerous to reduce the probability of corruption.
2d. That the means of ascertaining the right to
vote for Members of Parliament should be so simple
at be
and easy of decision as to admit of a whole parish,
or in extensive ones of a subdivision, being polled off
in one day.
3d. That the period for which Members of Par-
liamentthese is no doubt that when
prevent their be_
essentially should
shortened, b e ele catse
it shouldlrould
pnroetv,
,sfranchised, and the right of
coming competently acquainted with the great busi-
sod:sferred to some large town,
'less of the nation which must fall under their dis-
cussion, and cannot be acquired without experience.
may
yuch manlier as may seem ex-
miadkeel oa yigmealtitgerealtheehrailigg;
Although inexpedient to
sending
icitcohureirigi
imodetmbcomroobf
ueegrl
tits:
s
pat lield(titimetrilotted Legislature
0 i
oottfn dt h
et to
first Leeds.,ovidT
in a manner essentially similar to what is
ed to be done in the transfer of the elective
proposed
which 1 have taken the liberty of
exclude
qualifyinghise
he second
al
tPed, by vesting the right of vot-
issgt;aegaaintni iecirej givenfl
rrdsi one
macb
elp :Gl' portioneheffroae pay a certain annual amount
iii
assessed taxes; but so far as has gone, the
amount of annual assesses.. so as to
the major part of the respectable -inhabitants,
and consequently too much curtails the number of
voters. To prevent such deficiency of number, I
conceive that either four or five pounds would be an.
expedient limitation ; also to prevent the lowness,
of that amount being improperly availed of, a short
time previous to an election, a statement should be
made, that the amount of assessed taxes should have
been paid for the two successive years previous to
the time.

Whenever these principles may be adopted, ex-
pence to the candidates may be avoided by the follow-
ing easily attainable method,viz.:---Let each parish,
or where expedient, the subdivision of a parish, pro-
vide itself either with a temporary booth, or snitable
room, with a door of admission at one cod, and of
egress at the other, in which room should be one
or both the churchwardens, and such others as the

LFgi.slattire might deem expedient. The voters
should then enter one by one in succcission, taking
with them their four preceding half-yearly receipts
for taxes, indorsed with the name or names of the
candidates they vote for, and subscrihe,d by their
own, which they should leave with the church-
wardens, who either by themselves, or by other
assigned coadjutors, inhabittuts of the place, must,
by his or their further übscription on the tax le-
ceipts, identify the vrson of 'the votc:N, tvho must
then pass forward out of the 0110 door, and thus
leave no interruption to the rapid progress of the
election- The candidates might each have an agent
at these booths, to see the identity of the vets:
verified. The reetivers of the assessed tans, or
theh agents, should also be present, to -vhom, after
the agents of the candidates,- and the sub-sheriff or
other appointed officer had espied the indorsements
on the receipts, the receipts themselves should te
handed, that he may subsequently verify them by
reference to his books, after which thty should he
returned to the parties who delivtttd them.

Thus, I conceive, the stletts'sful candidates might
be proclaimed in many instances in the day of elec-
tion, and at latest in the day following:
The 34 general principle, that the representative
slimed have time to leant his profession, could nor
be accomplished either by Annual or Triennal Par-
liaments ; and if any alteration in the period be ad,
visible, perhaps the term of five years may be found
the most eligible.
Newcastle, July 16, 1828. NORTHUMBRIENSIS.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY, Jui.v 17.

The Amendment (India) Justice and Bombay
Marine Bilk were read a third time.
The New South Wales Justice Administration
Bill was committed and the Report received.
The Irish Towns Watching tind Improvement.
Bill was read a third time, . • '

Sir A. GRANT and others brought. up the Cus-
toms Amendment Regulation and the Naval and
Military Annuity Pensions Repeal Bill ; the .Coti-
solidation Sla;•e Trade Acts ; the. Irish Deserted
Children; the Lambeth Charity Estates '; and seve-
ral Private Bills; the Cinque Ports Bill was com-
mitted and report received.

IRISH PROMISSORY NOTES MIL.
Earl SHAFTESBURY moved the third reading
of the Irish Promissory Notes Rill.
The Marquis of DOWNSHIRE, before this
motion was put to the vote, begged to state
that he was totally unconnected with both
the Bank, (against which this Bill was sup.
posed to be principally directed) and every other
Irish Bank, but he had upon public grounds to-
raise an objection to the passili of the Bill; and
that the House might not be taken by surprise, in-
stead of moving that the third reading be post-
poned till this day three months, he gave notice that
he should make such motion to-morrow night.
The Duke of WELLINGTON had brought this
Bill into the "House under the impression that it
contained useful provisions to Ireland, bet he
could have no objection, agreeable to the Noble,
Marquis's wish, that the order of to-day should be
discharged, and the third reading of it stand over.

Lord GODERICEL -tiext moved the second read-
ing of the Funds Corporation Bill, and proceeded to
state its objects, as well as the grounds on which he
thought the House ought to give- it their sanction.
He (Lord Goderich) looked Upon the application of
corporate funds to the carrying,;on of contested
*lettions, as materially .interfering with the freedom
of election. One case of complaint, which 'he be-
lieved had been brought before their Lordchips dur-
ing the last Session of Parliament, was that of the
Corporation of Northampton, who had Modestly,
indeed, when compared with others, applied the sum
of 1,000.1. to support. their favourite candidate.
Another case to which he felt it necessary to call
their Lordships' attention, related to.the:Corporation
of Leicester, the circumstances of whichsvere not
disputed, but had been admitted,, and oven justified
by the Corporation. The Corporation of Leicester,
at the last general election, had- taken great interest
in the election of that borough ; anti, .in furtherance
of the views of the individual candidates for
whom they felt an interest, had applied the :sum,
not of 1,0001, not of .5,0001., they did not even
confine themselves to 20,000/., but, had actually
expended the immense sum of .27,00 W., Now, if a
right could be established for the expenditure of so
enormous an amount to such a purpose, he. Would be
glad to know upon what principle could be disputed
the right of expending a much greater sum, or in
fact the whole amount of their :fundS,.iii the seine
way ? And if it were fit for Corporations so to
apply these funds, why was it not so for those in
whose hands were lodged the funds of the counties,
and why should not 20,0001. or 30,0001. of that fund
be, in like manner, applied at county elections ; or
upon what ground could they object to two or three
counties uniting and Making up a Joint 'Stock Com-
pany for their mutual advantage.—(A laugh.)—
Upon these grounds he felt it his duty to recommend
the second reading of the Bill.

The LORD CHANCELLOR had looked into
the Bill with someattention; and felt it his duty to
give it all the opposition in his power.' His Noble
Friend appeared to him to have fallen into one mis-
apprehension—nainely, of the way in. which Corpo-
rations stand in relation. to the property with which
they may be entrusted. They stood upon the same
ground as an individual who became a trustee for any
given amount. In both instances the trustees were
liable for any abuse or misapplication of their funds.
One of the grounds upon which the Noble Viscount
moved the second reading of the Bill, seemed to be
the manner in which the Corporation of Northamp-
ton conducted themselves at a late election ; but he
believed that if the circumstance alluded to was
fairly investigated, it would be found to be con-
sistent with perfect propriety. The fact was, that
a mutual understanding had been entered into be-
tween Sir C. Hastings and Mr. 0. Cave, and the
Corporation of Leicester, that they would indemnify
the Corporation for the funds advanced to meet the
necessary expellees of the election. • Now, subse7
quently to this, and after the election was over, Mr.
Otway Cave, whether with propriety or not lie
would not undertake to say, receded from such an
agreement; and it was in consequence of the default
upon the part of Mr. Otway Cave, and because of
his not choosing to pay, the part .of the expellees
agreed to, that, the Corporation of Leicester was
now deficient so large an ,arnottat,., He would deny
the assertion that the freedom oft election was de-
stroyed by the system. He,satrmo difference in a
Corporation applying part of its fonds- for the sup-
port of a Member to represent them, thatithat of a
Peer of the realm or a wealthy Covalibtter Seth* in'
the same manner. Upon .these grounds- be felt- it
his duty to oppose the Bill ; he ~.Vould,. therefore,
move as an amendment,, that. it be:l-read a second time
this day three moral*
Lord R 0 S SIAN *ported the Bill. •
Lord ELDON..*aa late Noble ,Lords would
pause before they gave 4eiti,sanetion!to. a measure
which could be productive, no' good, and might
be attended with much evil.
Lord CALTHORPE . thought that-2d their
Lordships rejected the present Bdl, they, would be'
reserving to the Corporation, not the right of ap-
plying their own fund, but the rightef abusing their
trust, which they seemed much inclined to do.
The Earl of CARNARVON supported' the Bill.
Lord GODERICH felt called uPon• to -say, in
-
consequence of what had fallen from his -Noble
Friend (the Lord Chancellor) that Mr. Otway Cave
had never been a party to any such bargain as that
which had been alluded to. The only agreement
he had made, was to share the expellees of the elec-
tion with the other candidate. The first intimation
he had of the arrangement referred to, was a demand
of several thousand pounds which had been exp`en-
ded at the election, and which he very properly re-
fused to pay.
The LORD CHANCELLOR hoped it would
nut be supposed that he intended to throw any im-

putation on the character of Mr. Otway Cave—he
had no such intention.
The House then divided, when there appeared
For the Amendment 4l
Against it
MajOritp •
Their Lordshipsthen -7-"l6."jrned. •

HOUSE OF COMMONS; TH C ASDA Yalj L Y 17. '

Mr. C. GRANT moved for a New Writ fer the
borough of Bletehingli, in the Tetim 'cif the Right
Hon. 'W. Larnb MI6 has accepted the Stewardship
of Or.,:chiltern Hundreds.-

Mr. BRIGHT presented petition from !taut
Bruce, of. the city of Bristo4 retpecting his claims
on the French gOveiiinient.
Mr. MANNING moved for an account of the ex-
perfdtsineurred during the last Session of Parliament,
relative- to the Penryn Disfranchiseinent Bill.—
Agreed to.
Lord J. RUSSELL brought up the report on
the Criminal Commitments Bill.

The Lunatics' Estate Bill was read a third time.

Mr. C. GRANT postponeil the notice of motion
given by Mr. R. Grant, relative to the claims of
Mr. Cowrie and ethers, on France, until to-morrow.

Mr. WM: SMITH presented a petition from the
inhabitants. of Newport P;►gnel against slavery in the
Colonies.

Mr. MANNING said that a similar petition had
been presented from Dover, to which was added the
following prayer " That all bounties might be with:
drawn from Slave produce, and that the use of rum
might be abolished in the navy." He thought it
right to remark that it was somewhat strange that
these attempts should be made to discourage our
trade with our \Vest India Colonies. The Hon.
Gent!mien then contended that there were more
Christians in those Colonies, comparatively speaking,
than in England, and, that the slaves were much
better treated than was supposed.
After a few words .from. Mr. WM. SMITH,
Mr. BERNAL deprecated all discussion, and said
that he was convinced that all measures of ameliora-
tion must come through the medium of the local ad-
ministration itself.

The petition was then ordered to be printed.

Mr. LAPEL moved for certain returns connected
with the borough of Queenborough, but spoke in
so low n tone of voice that we could not ascertain
their nature.
Sit. H. HARDINGE asked the Hon. Member
what was the object of his motion.
Mr. CAPEL said, that a deliberate attempt had
been made to starve 300 or 400 people, unless they
would sign a paper to abandon all the privileges to
which they were entitled.
After a few words from the SPEAKER, the Hon.
Member withdrew his motion, • but gave notice that
he would again bring it forward to-morrow.
