CITY, MONDAY EVENING.

Advices have been received from Zante dated on' the 31st of
July. They came by the stay of Marseilles, and their contents
are not favourable to the cause of civilization, nor grateful to the
feelings of those who dwell with delight on the recollections of
ancient Grecian virtue. They represent the Turks to have
scoured both sides of the Gulf of Lepanto, to have occupied Co-
rinth, and also to have re-taken Athens. From Corinth, they
extended themselves to Napoli di Romania, the evacuation of
which by the, Turks they.arrived in sufficient time to prevent..—
This fortress had surrendered to the Greeks, to be delivered up
on a fixed day, and the Turkish garrison, by the articles of ca-
pitulation, was to be transported to Asia in English or Austrian
ships. To secure the safety of the garrison, the Greeks had sent
hostages into the place, but as soon as the garrison saw that their
own lives were safe, by the approach of their countrymen, these
Grecian hostages were butchered. The accounts—to palliate
this additional proof, if any were wanted, of Turkish civilization,
state, that when. the Turks arrived before Athens, the Greeks
in that place put all their prisoners to death. The Zante accounts
also state that the combined Turkish and Egyptian fleets had
been met on their way to Patras, and that the Greek ships had
raised the blockade of that place. In all these operations the
bravery of the Turks has been very distinguished, and the cowar-
dice of the Christian descendants of all that was once virtuous
and great is represented as conspicuous in the extreme. A
Ttirkish brig of 14 guns, when attacked by 3 Greek ships, stove
in the sides and stern of one. of them by one broadside, and
chased the .other two to a distance. These accounts come from
high British authority, but are derived from our Turkish
Allies, 'who, it is to be hoped, have painted to their friends
the success of their arms with all the varnish of Eastern
colouring. There are some contradictions, at least some
events not easily to be reconciled, even in the account now
transmitted by an Englishman. The Turks marched from
Corinth to relieve Napoli di Romania, returned to Corinth, find-
ing their means not sufficient, got reinforcements there, and
afterwards entered that fortress. All this must have taken some
time,-yet the-total destruction of Grecian liberty is transmitted
by one and the same letter. To, every civilized mind, to every
friend of the human race, and to every man who desires the
dissemination of knowledge and intelligence in the world, the
success of the Turks over the Greeks must give the deepest pain.
From their empire no knowledge can flow, and so long as it is
permitted to continue, every vice must exist in the finest part
of Europe. In vain will England have exalted the human race
by putting down African slavery, for white slaves will be drawn
from Europe by Asiatic barbarians, far more cruel than the
transfer of savages from the burning sands of Nigritia, because
their victims will be accomplished Christians.—(Morning
Chronicle.)

The following is an extract of a private letter
from Venice :—" On the 25th ult. this city was
visited with one of the most tremendous storms
that we ever recollect to have heard of. The
wind blew with an impetuosity impossible to be
described. The howling of the tempest, the in.
cessant streams of lightning, the prolonged rolling
of the thunder, the crash of windows, chimnies,
and tiles, carried terror into the most courageous
hearts. The full consequences of this horrid
affair are not yet known, but they must he
dreadful. All the vessels at anchor in the
canal suffered more or less ; three of them
were sunk; the surface of it was covered
with fragments of gondolas; the lead upon the
churches and several edifices was torn up and
carried to an immense distance. To all this
scene of horror must be added the torrent of hail-
stones, the smallest of which were the size of a
walnut, and many of them weighed from seven
ounces to a pound. The number of persons
killed is not exactly known ; but the -bodies of
137 have been taken up, who perished by the fall
of hailstones, chimnies, Sec., or were suffocated
by the wind."

LAND IN AMERICA.—As a matter of curiosity
to our readers, we .may mention, that 3,020 acres
of land in the United States, situate on the
Chippaway River, about nine miles from the
River Mississippi, in Carver's Tract, below the
Falls of St. Antony, above Birkbeck's settlement,
in Moulson's Manor, where a-steam-boat passes
every fortnight, was sold on Wednesday at
Garraway's, by Mr. Mitchell, in two lots, at
ls. pei acre.
News was received about the let instant, at Nenvitas, Cuba,
via Porto Rico, that General Qniroga was hourly expected
from Spain with 3000 troops, and that he was appointed Cap-
tain-General of Cuba.—(Philadelphia Union.)
On Tuesday, Mr. Au's, of Ayr, presented to
The King, through the medium of the Right Honourable the
Lord Justice Clerk, a splendid library chair, formed out of
the remains of the oaken rafters of Kirk Alloway, which his
Majesty was pleased to receive most graciously. The general
design of this valuable chair is after the manner of the enriched
Gothic. On the front part of the back are formed four com-
partments, terminating in pointed arches, and surrounded
with appropriate carvings, executed in a style of uncommon
boldness and beauty. In these are placed as many tablets of
polished brass, having inscribed on them, at full length, the
well-known humorous and highly descriptive tale of " Tam
o'Shanter ;" while, on the other side, is a clever painting by
Steven, an able Ayrshire artist, representing " heroic Tarn,"
mounted on his gray mardMeg, anddashingonward amidst the
appalling horrors of the midnight storm—
" Whiles haddin' fast his glide blue bonnet,
" Whiles crooning o'er some auld Scots sonnet,
" Whiles glowringroun' wi' prudent cares,
" Lest bogies catch him unawares."
Upon the whole, the gift which Mr. Auld has presented to roy-
alty reflects credit on the artists of the west; and we understand
that his Majesty, out of respeCt for the genius of Burns, has
given orders that particular care should be taken of this elegant
relique of our national bard.--(Edinbnigh Paper.)
SHEERNESS, SEPT. I.—Captain OwEN, of the Bellero-
phon, was placed on Thursday in the most imminent peril. A
convict, newly brought here from Maidstone jail, stabbed him
with a clasp knife-in the heart, just below the nipple. Provi-
dentially the knife struck against a rib, otherwise the wound
must have nrovedimmediately fatal. The wound, as it was,
hail the appearance of danger at first, but Capt. Owen is now
considered free from it. "-
SHOCKING ACCIDENT.—On Sunday night late, as Mr.
.GREENscitor T was returning home from Croydon, accom-
panied by a Mr. GEORGE, where they had left a dinner party,
they stopped to refresh the horse at a house at Kennington,and
on starting again one of the reins got loose. The horse finding
his head it liberty, ran away at full speed. Mr. GeOrge jumped
from the chaise-and broke his right le just above the ancle. At
length the chaise came in contact wits a garden waggon, and
it was overturned with such velocity as to dash it in pieces.
Mr. Greenscroft was picked up in a senseless state, and con-
veyed home to his lodgings in the Borough-road. His head
was much cut and bruised, and lie remained in the same sense-
less stupor yesterday morning.
CIIA lIGE OF MURDER.—Yesterday morning
Elizabeth Jones, who stood charged with the wilful murder of
her bastard child, was removed in a hackney-coach from her re-
sidence, No. 6, Drummond-street, Euston-square, in the cus-
tody of John Audley, beadle of the parish of St. Pancras, to
Newgate for trial. The coach was followed through the streets
by upwards of a thousand persons. Since the charge has been
brought against her, she has been constantly guarded in her
apartment up to the time of her removal for prison.—John
Morrison, the reputed father, who also stood charged on the
Coroner's warrant with being concerned in the said murder, has
been already committed for the same. _

. On the 22.c1 ult. some malicious person or per-
sons inhumanly cut off the tail of a valuable mulch cow, in a
field belonKing to Mr. William Dixon, at Romanby, near
North Allerton. - - •

THE KING.
[From the Edinburgh 'Courant, Axg., 31.1
It gives us the greatest pleasure to present to our readers the
following tribute which his IVIAJEsTr pays to the people of
Scotland

Edinburgh, August 29, 1822.

Lonos,—l have had the honour of receiving the King's
commands to signify to your Lordships his Majesty's unquali-
fied approbation of all the arrangements which have been made
preparatory to his Majesty's reception, and during his stay in
Scotland.

His Majesty is desirous of returning his particular acknow.
ledgrnents to the several Departments of the State, to the local
Authorities, and to those Societies and. Institutions which have
so zealously co-operated with them, in paying every mark of
respect and attention to his Majesty, and in promoting that
perfect order, regularity, and success, with which every cere-
mony has been conducted.

His Majesty commands me to add, that his residence in
Scotland has proved .0 him a source of unalloyed satisfaction.-
It has confirmed every favourable impression which he previ-
ously entertained of the character and habits of the people, and
it has afforded to him that which must ever constitute his chief
gratification, the opportunity of witnessing the happiness of hi's
subjects, and of receiving the-most convincing proofs of their
faithful attachment and loyalty
He takes leave of Scotland with the most cordial feelings of
affection towards her people, and with the deepest anxiety to
promote their welfare.

I have the honour to be, with great_truth
.and, regard, my
Lords, your Lordship? most obedient and faithful servant,

(Signed) ROBERT PEEL.
To the Officers of State, &c. &c. &c.

FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.
The Duchess of Argyll and the Ladies Paget, in Park-lane ;
Lord Say and Sele, in Lower Berkeley-street, Portman-square;
Major Broughton, in Saville-row ; Mrs. and Miss Harland, in
Curzon-street, May-fair ; Colonel Haliburton, in Park-street;
Colonel M`Kinnon, in Hertford-street, May-fair; Lady Edward
Codrington in Charles-street, May-fair; Mr. Scott Stone-
hiwer, in dalf Moon-street, Piccadily_,_. Major and Mrs. Langs-
ton, in Dover-street; E. H. Green, Esq. at Stevens's Hotel,
Bond-street, from Frankfort.
DEPARTURES.—The Earl of Belfast, on a tour; Lord Cal_! thorpe, for Birmingham ; The Marquis of Titchfield, for Wel-
beck, Notts ; Earl of Thanet, for Paris ; Earl and Countess of
Sefton, and Ladies Molyneux for Croxteth-hall, near Liver-
poi ; Earl of Winchelsea and' Mr. Finch, for BurleighOak-
cam, Rutlandshire ; Earl of Aylesford, for Pocklington, near
Coventry; Lord Viscount Morpeth, for Haworth Castle,• North-
umberland; Lord Bayning, for Dereharn-hall, Norfolk; Lord
Robert Seymour, for South Wales; Lord Henley and Miss
Eden, for Leamington Spa ; Lord Thomas Cecil, for Ireland ;
Lord Melbourne, for Pansenger, Herts, on a visit to the Earl
and Countess Cowper; Dowager Countess of Clonmel, Mr. and
Lady Charlotte Pindar, on a tour; Lady Caroline Darner, on a
tour; Lady Georgina Morpeth, for the Earl of Carlisle's seat,
Castle-Howard; the Hon. Mr. and Lady Caroline Lamb, for
their seat, Bracket-hall ; Col. Parker, for Lymington, Hamp- -
shire ; Lord Viscount Cranborne, on a tour; Col. and Mrs. Ad-
denbrooke, for Lyme Regis, Dorsetshire ; Lady Catherine
Tylney Long and Miss Long, on a tour ' • Bishop of Worcester,'
for the palace at Worcester ; Lady Maria' West, on a tour ;
Gen. 'Weinyss, on a tour.
CHANGES.—Lord Gren ..11e, from a tour, to Dropmore, near
Beaconsfield ; the Earl and Countess of St. Germans have left
Gloucestershire, for their seat, Port Eliot, Cornwall ; the Earl
and Countess of Hardwicke and Lady Elizabeth Stewart have
left Tunbridge Wells, for Ramsgate ; the Countess of Caledon
has left her seat, near Tunbridge, fOr Ramsgate ; Lady Smith
has left the Hon. Mr. Benyon's seat in Berks, for the Earl of
Galloway's seat, Yorkshire.

FEMALE FASHIONS.,
From Ackermanu's Repository of Arts, Fasiqons, Alanufac-

tures, 4:c. fin. September.]
BALL DRESS.—Dress of 'fine tulle over a white satin slip,
ornamented nearly half the depth of the skirt with scollops of
pink net and steel ; the latter formed by a large steel button in
the centre, and a semicircle of small steel beads. Short full
.sleeve, composed of alternate rows of pink net and steel, and
white tulle and steel scollops, confined by a band of pink net
and steel. Tucker, a quilling of the finest tulle. Sash of pink
and white embroidered satin ribbon. A wreath of roses confines
the hair, which is in ringlets, as in the reign of CHARLES 11.,
and presented to our admiration in the beautiful paintings by
VANDYKE. Necklace, red cornelian and pearl. Gloves of
white kid; shoes, white Bros de Napleg.
Co u RT DRE ss.—A most elegant robe and petticoat were made
for a Lady of high rank and taste, as a presentatitin dress at
the palace of Holyrood. It is of pale blue silver lama, over a
blue satin slip; thus coMbining•Scotland's national colours of
blue and white, now so prevalent among the leaders of haut ton ;
the waist is of that graceful length which cultivated taste has
adopted, and which we hope will long be retained. The sto-
macher is of silver vandykes : a double row extends over the
shoulders and back, united by silver roses. The sleeve is
short, and of novel construction, consisting of a dozen rows of
silver vandyke trimming, separated by blue satin pipings,
confined by a silver hand round the arm, and finished with the
same trimming. The tucker is fine blond lace. The robe and
petticoat have an elegant border of large roses, of blue gofre
crape and silver, half encircled with , thiStles, which form a
kind of radii, giving lightness and effect to the trimming, which
is edged with a silver wave, and finished with scolloped gofre
crape. The head-dress is of diamonds, with a superb plume
of ostrich feathers. Necklace and ear-rings of diamonds and
sapphires. White kid gloves ; white satin shoes, with blue and
silver roses.

[From La Belle Assemblee for September.]
WALKING DRESS.—Round dress, made en blouse of plaid
silk, finished at the border by flat wadded rouleau of green satin,
four in number, each rouleau headed by a rich fancy silk cor-
don. The summit of the bust, and of the mancherons, finished
with ornaments of the same cordon, with fillagree buttons, re-
presenting the base of the Scotch thistle. Girdle of black vel-
vet, fastened on one side by a buckle of polished steel. Plain
fichu underneath the dress. Scotch bonnet of
.black gros de
Naples, lined with white satin, with a superb Highland plume
of white feathers. Blue kid slippers, white gloves, and parasol
.of thistle purple, with broad white silk fringe.
• CALEDONIAN BALL DRESS.—Petticoat of Urling's patent
lace over white satin ; the border trimmed with a rich festoon
puckering of net, on each side Of which ate pear pearls.. The
interstices of the festoons ornamented with bunches of full
blown roses, opposite each of which is a thistle. Corsage of;
tartan plaid, tastefully ornamented with net en bon ants. The
sleeves short, and very full ; the fullness partially confined by
straps buttoning in the centre of the sleeve, which is finished
round the arm by a quilting of Urling's lace. Turban of white.
Chinese gauze, diversified with plaid and silver lama gauze,
with a plume of white feathers. Peatl ear-rings set in the form,
of St. Andrew's cross, with a necklace. composed of large
oriental pearls.

WINDSOR, SEPT. I.—Her Royal Highness the Princess
AUGUSTA, accompanied by her Lady in Waiting, attended
Divine Service in the New Parish Church. The sermon was
preached by the Rev. Mr. Gosset, Vicar of the Parish, who
took his text from the Ist Psalm, and Ist and 2d verses. It
being the first Sunday in the month, the Mayor and Corpora-
tion attended in their robes—A numerous assemblage of the
neighbouring Nobility, Gentry, &c., were collected on the
Terrace in the evening. The Band of the First Life Guards
attended and played for two hours, which is their usual prac-
tice both on Sundays and Thursdays.
On Saturday, at a Common Assembly in Win-
chester, Mr. RICHARD BARNES and Mr. JOHN MAN I' were
admitted Members of the four-and-twenty of the Corporation of
this City, in the room of G. K. Lyford, Es q. recently elected an
Alderman, and Mr. John Blake, deceased.
A Gentleman, travelling in'a stage coach, had
been greatly annoyed by the grimaces of a-puppyish dandy..._
The dandy made one o his low
,jokes, and accompanied it, as
usual, with his own loud laugh ; instead of joining in which, his
fellow-traveler very leisurely took a pinch of snuff., when the.
dandy exclaimed " Law ! Sir, do you take snuff ?" The Gen..
tleman very composedly, and in a certain tone of voice, replied
(offering ins bOx at the same tinie) " Yes—blackguard,"

POETRY,

LINES,
Occasioned bll the melancholii Death of the Marquis of
LONDONDERRY.

When the patriot in battle Lila wounded and gory,
HIS country prepareS him the meed of applause,
And e'en though defeat may have tarnish'd her glory,
She honours the hero who died in her cause.
And shall she not honour the bold, dauntless spirit

• Which devoted its being to toils of the State ?
Though less brilliant the deed, not less sterling the merit :
Though less obvious the peril, as dreadful the fate.

In the tumult of battle, by glory excited, •
The Soldier triumphantly welcomes his doom;
But the Statesman, his mind overburthen'd and blighted,
In lingering misery sinks to the tomb.

O Stewart ! thy life was for Britain expended :
Let Britain in gratitude honour thy name !
That name, with her story eternally blended—.
Her story of danger, of conquest, and fame !
Yes ! what though his close of existence was shaded
By a woe which e'en friendship remembers with fear;
Though the pride of his genius was wither'd and faded,
That genius shall ever to Britain be dear.

All say ! can her praises or tears be denied him
Whose love for his country ttas seal'd with his blood,
Who exhausted the mind with which Heaven supplied him,
In the cares and the toils he endtired for her good ?

Oh no ! By the perils in which he first found us,
By the firmness with which he those perils o'ercame,
By the peace which he gave to the nations around us,
Be honour'd his menfry ! unsallied his fame
And ye who opposed, and who hated him living,
Insult not a deed by insanity bred :
Oh let not your rancour, its object surviving,
Excite you ignobly to war with the dead.

Though you freely may judge his career' on this earth,
Let a merciful Heaven decide on its close.
Oh honour his virtues—remember his worth—
. Forget all his errors, and weep o'er his woes !

PRESTON GUILD.—The following is a pro-
gramme of the amusements to be provided at this ancient and
splendid festival :

On Monday, Sept. 2, a procession of the Mayor, Corporation,
Gentlemen, Companies, and Societies, will move from the
Town Hall to the Parish Church at half-past ten ; after divine
service, the procession will return, by a circuitous route, to the
Town Hall.—ln the evening there will be a ball.
On Tuesday, the 'Mayoress will be at the Town-hall at half-
past nine, to receive those Ladies who intend honouring her
with their company in the Ladies' procession, which will move
!to the Parish Church at half-past ten, attended by the com-
' Panics and societies ; after divine service, the whole will parade
round the market-place and through Cheapside to the Town.
hall.—ln the evening there will be a play at the theatre.
Wednesday, a procession of such of the companies and so-
cieties as choose to parade, at half-past ten; afterwards races.
In the evening the Mayor's ball.
Thursday morning, races.—Evening, play.
Friday morning, races.—Evening, fancy dress ball.
Saturday morning, races.—Evening, play.
In the second week, on Monday morning, Mr. Livingston
Will ascend in his balloon. In the afternoon, there will be
races.—ln the evening, a ball.
On Tuesday morning will be performed a grand selection of
sacred music.—ln the evening, a grand miscellaneous concert,
at the theatre.

On Wednesday morning, Handel's sacred oratorio of the
Messiah.—ln the evening; a ball for the benefit of the public
charities.

On Thursday morning., the Mayoress's public breakfast.—
In the evening, a grand miscellaneous concert.
On Friday morning, the first part of Haydn's oratorio of the
Creation, and other selections of sacred music.—ln the evening,
a masked ball. •

On Saturday evening, a play.

BARTHOLOMEW Fain.—This day, between 1.1
and 12 o'clock, the Loun May OR, accompanied by the Sheriff's,
City Marshals, and other City Officers, proceeded in grand
state to Smithfield, and there,
' according to the usual man-
ner, proclaimed Bartholomew fair, and open the Court of
Pied Poudre, at the Hand-and-Shears, in Cloth-fair...—
This Fair was granted in the reign of Henry IL, to the
Priory of St. Bartholomew, for ..three days, to which the
clothiers of England and • drapers of London repaired, and
had their booths in the church-yard of the Priory, closed in
with walls and gates, locked every.night, and watched. Smith-
field was lriginally called Ruffians' Hall, being the rendezvous
of ruffians and quarrellers, when swords and bucklers were used,
and was a place fir honourable exercises and jousts, so that
loose serving-men commonly met there. The Fair was at
length prolonged to a fortnight, and became of little other use
than for idle and loose people to resort to, and spend their
money in debauchery and iirunkenness. In 1708, the Magi-
strates reduced the Fair to• 3 days, according to whicirit was
first granted. A cause was tried in the Court of King's Bench,
Guildhall, before Justice Ryder, upon an action brought by Mr.
Richard Holland, a .leatherseller, in Newgate-street, against
the collection of the tolls during the Fair ; a verdict was given
in favour of Mr. Holland, in fifteen issues, with costs of suit,
by which determination all citizens of London are exempt from
paying toll. The Priory of St. Bartholomew was founded in
1102,• by 'One. Rahere, who was jester to Henry the First; Ra-
here, quitting his profligate life, became the first Prior of his
own foundation. Legend relates that he had a most horrible
dream, out of which he was relieved by St. Bartholomew him-
self, who directed him to found the house, and to dedicate it to
him.

• HOLYWELL-STREET.--T his .street,' which was
formerly a place of great business, is now so.
overwhelmed with Jews, who sit on the pavement.
and annoy: passengers so much by smoaking and
insolent language, that . its trade has latterly.
fallen off very much.
..The Jew-boys, in parti-
cular, are constantly guilty of the most offensive
wantonness to all but their Girgashite gang.
ROCHESTER RA CES. —The attempt to esta-
blish these races, which took place on Thursday and Fri-
day last, was successful beyond expectation, and little doubt was
entertained of their permanent establishment. The influx
of company was prodigious, and highly respectable. A great
many capital horses were entered, and afforded excellent
sport in a number of well-contested matches. The ground,
considered both with referenCe. to its convenience for'
racing; and the beauty of the surrounding prospect., is un-
equalled by any race-course in the kingdom. Excellent public
dinners were provided on the occasion, and the whole went off
with the greatest spirit. Our worthy Member for the County,
Mr. Honxwood, acted as one of the Stewards.
SIR WILLIAM HERSCHELL.—TtiIs venerable and
distinguished Gentleman, whose death we yes 7
terday announced, will be immortal in the annals
of sublime science. As an astronomer he was
surpassed by no one of the present age ; and the
depth of his scientific research, and extent
of his heavenly observation, rendered him
perhaps second only to the transcendently great
and immortal Newton. To the wonderful Tele-
scope of his invention the world of science is
more indebted for important and, gratifying dis-
coveries in regard to planetarY-,objects than to
any other instrument ever produced by 'human
genius; whilst his diseOverY of the' remotest of
all the planets (named by, him the Georgium
Sidus, in honour of the. late KING), would of
itself be sufficient to give 'proud immortality to
'his great a- na 'venerated nathe,

. .
1 - ,;•,-,
A~
'47 -11'.-_,- '' 71101 l'‘-i '
\':- \‘,
---s--- °----- :
----,':4'. ' 1'
th .
