LIEIRS AT LAW, AND NEXT OF KIN.—
in answer to numerous enquiries, " THE WEEKLY
TRUE SUN" will publish the Advertisements until the Seven
Hundred are exhausted, by a column each week.
The WEEKLY TRUE SUN is a Large Quarto Paper of Forty
Columns, Price 5d., edited by D. W. HARVEY, Esq.,
to whom communications may be addressed, at the Office, 366,
Strand.

Orders executed by all Postmasters and News Agents in the
United Kingdom.

ANTI-SLAVERY.

T a MEETING of DELEGATES, held
iIL. at BROWN'S HOTEL, on TUESDAY, May 29, 1833,
W. T. BLAIR, Esq., in the Chair,
The following Preamble and Resolutions were unanimously
adopted :
The Central Negro Emancipation Committee and the Anti-
Slavery Delegates assembled in London have learned with the
deepest sorrow that her Majesty's Ministers have succeeded in
virtually cancelling and setting aside the solemn decision of the
House of Commons for the immediate extinction of the apprentice-
ship system, thereby continuing for two years to come the crime
and the ills of sl(very.

They consider it therefore their duty to record the deliberate
and unanimous expression of their sentiments in the following
resolutions

1. That the conduct of her Majesty's Ministers in trampling on
the sacred and acknowledged rights of the negro, and despising the
prayers of an united people, exhibits a criminal disregard of every
principle by which British and Christian Statesmen should be actu-
ated, and deserves the severest censure and reprobation of the
country.
2. That those Members of the House'of Commons who have sup.
ported the Government in their cruel policy in disregard of the opi-
nions and wishes of their constituents, and in palpable violation of
the dictates of humanity and justice, are unworthy of the support
of a free and Christian people,
3. That as the recent decision of the House of Commons, by bit-
terly disappointing the just hopes of the
.Negro, has placed in im-
minent peril the peace and safety of the Colonies, it is necessory to
declare their solemn conviction that should any disastrous conse-
quences ensue, the responsibility will rest upon her Majesty's Mi-
nisters.

4. That the nation having appealed in vain to the justice of their
representatives in behalf of the oppressed, an additional obligation
is created, to continue with increased energy the use of every law-
ful means both in this country and in the colonies, until slavery
in reality, as well as in name, is utterly abolished.
5. That with these views they earnestly recommend to their
friends and correspondents throughout the country the multiplica-
tion and affiliation of Anti-Slavery Societies—the circulation of
the " British Emancipator," and such other publications as disse-
minate authentic information, and to be prepared to act upon any
emergency that may arise, and to take advantage of every circum-
stance favouring the advancement of their great object.
6. That Colonial Slavery having been hitherto mainly sustained
by a system of bounties and protecting duties, operating greatly to
increase the price of colonial produce, and thereby to tax the con-
sumers of such produce to the amount of more than three millions
per annum, it is the duty of abolitionists, in connection with other
means, especially to diffuse correct information upon this important
subject, with a view to the removal of one of the principal impedi-
ments to the accomplishment of immediate emancipation.
7. That the sincere tharfks of this body be tendered to Sir
Eardley Wilmot, Bart., and the other Members of the House of
Commons, who last evening advocated by their speeches and
their votes the cause of the abolition of the apprenticeship in the
British Colonies.

W. T. BLAIR, Chairman.
