ANNUAL DUTIES.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole
House on the Annual Males Bill.

Mr. W. WHITMORE wished to know whether
Ministers meant to adhere to the old system of bounties on sugar,
or to introduce the new system of free trade. He could not
understand why a higher duty should be laid on sugars the pro-
duct of free labour, than on that sugar manufactured by slaves.
He did not believe the slaves benetitted by a continuance of the
duties ; on the contrary, the mortality was the greatest where
sugar was produced in the greatest qumitity.
Mr. HUME objected to the Hon. Member mix-
ing up the question of slavery with this, which was a mere ques-
tion of duties. If the duties were taken off to-morrow, it would
have very little effect on the market.
Mr. HERRIES, in reference to the bounties, ob-
served that the bounties only arose from the refuse treacle.
Mr. IRVING considered that the matter had better
have been deferred until the Hon. Member (Mr. Whitmore)
brought forward his motion on the subject.
Mr. THOMPSON expressed himself favourable
to the entire abolition of the Slave Trade.
Mr. SYKES objected to a heavier duty being laid
upon sugar imported from the East, than upon that imported from
the West Indies.

Mr. ROBINSON said, that sugar was the onl;
staple article which yielded any produce to the cultivator in the
East Indies. Ile thought the arguments on the other s.de com-
pletely failed in their object.
Mr. W. SMITH objected to a protection being
given to the West Indian cultivator, when sugar might be raised
cheaper every where else. He thought that if a Committee was
appointed upon thin subject, it would be advantageous to the
country, and settle some very important psinte.
Mr. C. PALLM E It contended that the colonies were
entitled to such indulgence as the mother country permitted them,
because these indulgences were given in consideration of disadvan-
tages which had bean imposed upon them. This was the state of
things which was guaranteed by what was called the Colonial
System—a system which was strictly upheld by the country, and
which, in a recent instance—he meant the discussions between
Mr. Canning and the Minister of the United States—formed the
gist of the arguments propounded on the part of this country.
The House then resumed, and the Report was ordered to be
brought up on Monday next.
On the motion that the Annual Indemnity 13111 be committed,
Mr. W. SMITH rose, and stated that he did not
intend to oppose the motion ; but he wished to take the opportu-
nity of saying that this was a Bill, the annual repetition of which
was the means of continuing a system of the greatest injustice. He
himself was a Protestant dissenter. He had had the honour of a
seat in that House for a great number of years; but, in conse-
quence of the state of the law which imposed certain duties with
which he could. not conscientiously comply, he was prevented
from holding the meanest office under Government. He was ex-
cluded from a seat iu the Magistracy. What consolation was it to
him to he told that he was (relieved from the burden of such a
grievance as this by the Annual Indemnity Bill ! The Annual
Indemnity Bill was in fact only a stalking horse, by means of which
the oppressions of the Corporation and Test Acts were per-
petuated.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY saw great season to com-
plain of the inconsistency of those Hon. Members who professed
themselves to he the advocates of the Catholic question, and yet
who, in supporting what was called Catholic Emancipation, for-
got the general principle of civil and religions liberty, and the im-
portant claims of the Protestant Dissenters.
Lord J. RUSSELL rose for the purpose of de-
fending both himself and a number of his friends from the impu-
tation thrown out against them by the Hon. Member for Colches-
ter, that they supported the question of Catholic Emancipation
for some purposes of party, while they neglected to advocate the
great cause of civil and religious liberty, and in that cause, the
case of the Protestant Disseuters. Now he begged for himself,
and on behalf of his friends also, to declare, that it was not for
Catholics alone that they embraced the advocacy of their claims,
but they had uniformly preseed them on the principle of gene-
ral religious liberty, without any compromise, or without any
partiality in the application of that principle. It was always upon
these grounds that he, and all the friends with whose sentiments
he was acquainted, had supported the Catholic claims.—(Hear.)
Sir It. WILSON said that the Protestant Dis-
senters had in a great measure, to blame themselves if their
claims were not urged with that perseverance which marked the
Catholic cause. Instead of joining the appeal of the Catholics for
equal rights and freedom of conscience, the Dissenters themselves,
labouring under restrictions, most ungenerously attempted to
throw obstacles in the way of the Catholics. They, in fact,
were amongst the foremost and most active opponents of the Ca-
tholic Emancipation.—(Cries of no.)
Mr. VAN HOMRIGII declared it to he his re-
solution to persevere in supporting the claims of the Catholics of
irei,„h_(ceies of Question.)—He begged pardon—but this
was the first time (No, no) ; undoubtedly he had before made a
few observations to the House, but this was the first time, he
affirmed, that he had ever addressed them,—(A laugh.)—He
would, then, repeat that he would ever feel it his duty to uphold
the just claims of the Catholics, than whom a more loyal people
did not exist on earth. " If I were a Catholic," concluded the
Hon. Gentleman, " I declare I would never be satisfied---(a
pause, and great laughing), until 1 had completely succeeded in
vindicating my claims to equal rights with the rest of my fellow-
subjects."
Mr. WARBURTON made a few observations
tending to show the unfairness of the argument, as be said, of the
Hon. Member for Colchester.
i "NW.
MemberSAl f I Toiri Southwarktrlised that
would theot representation
Peel) N rt
aft! Uini‘tihke.dirsecunsisiinondsedof thefHome
e
evenings he said he
was prepared to concede every thing to the Roman Catholics, ex.
cept political power. He now would be glad to know of the Right
mistaken
for
the sentiments of the great body of Dissenters.
of he Hon.
Hon. Gentleman, whether he was prepared to apply that princi-
ple to the Corporation and Test Acts ? They had been repealed
in Ireland. Would he support the like repeal in England?
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that what he might have
Sca
n 'tar
stated on a former evening, bad not been very correctly represented
agee,y (Mr.
by the Hon. Member. He had expressed his readiness to concede
to the Roman Catholics privileges' that did not give political
power, but he had not said one word about the Protestants. If
the question were agitated, he would not say what his sentiments
might be ; but most certainly he had not, on the occasion to which
allusion was made, referred to the situation of the Protestant Dis-
senters. With respect to the question of a General Indemnity
Bill, those who were favourable to such a measure could bring
forward the question ; and till that period arrived he should for-
beat to express his sentiments on the subject. When euch`a motion
was made, he tiles could answer the question which the Hon.
Member (Mr. Hume) had administered to him.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY had been pleased to hear
that the Noble Lord (Russell) was willing to endeavour to pro-
cure for the Protestant Dissenters the repeal of the Test Act.
Sir R. WILSON had been somewhat m:stmder-
stood by his Right Honourable Friend (Mr. Peel), as he might
now call him. He had not intended to say that he should throw
any obstacle in the way of this Bill ; he never had any intention
of obstructing it. The minority of 270 on the Catholic Claims
he considered to have been a strong instance of integrity ; be-
cause it was known that by supporting such claims, they iu
some degree excluded themselves from favour. The vote was
one of principle.
Lord RANCLIFFE wished to observe, that on all

occasions, in the town which he now represent 4 for the third
time (Nottingham), he had the strongest suppcirt from the Pro-
testant Dissenters, because they knew be waa favourible to religi-

°um liberty.

Lord J. RUSSELL repeated, that whenever the
Protestant Dissenters should think it right to agitate the question
of the repeal of the Corporation and Test Acts, he was ready to
move such repeal.

Report of Bill on Monday.

THE BUDGET.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved that the Committee of Supply be postponed till Monday.
In doing so, he would avail himself of this opportunity to state.
that he did not intend till after the Easter holidays, to bring for-
ward his general statement respecting the finances of the country.
All he should previously ask, would be a vote on account of Civil
Contingencies, regnisite for • the progress of the public service.
He should not call on the House to grant him any further votes,
till he had made such statement, because he thought it was right
that the House should previously be in possession of such details.
Lord J. RUSSELL asked when such statement
would be made ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
replied, that he would aot now fix auy day, but it certainly would
not be before the holiday 9.

Mr. HUME remarked that by such postponement
the Right Hon. Gentleman would be continuing so much longer
the fraud and delusion of a Sinking Fund.—(Hear, hear, and a
laugh.)—lt was in papers laid before the House, that purchases to
the amount of 1,300,0001. were to be made for the Sinking Fund,
without borrowing, it would be impossible to make such pur-
chases, for the income of the country was required by its actual
expenditure. Then was it not a fraud and delusion to talk about
a Sinking Fund, and could the purchases on its account be made
without borrowing ? In such case the Chancellor of the Exch.-
quer must again go to the Bank to borrow ; and from what tran-
spired at the Court of Proprietors on Thursday, it was to be feared
that he had already been dabbling there.—(A laugh. )—He trusted
that the debt with the Bank would not be increased for the pur-
pose of maintaining the delusion of a Sinking Fund.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
replied—with respect to what had passed at the Court of Proprie-
tors, to which allusion had been made, that not one word bad
escaped him to authorise it. The Bank Directors had no autho-
Tit) from him to make any communication on the subject.
Mr. HUAIE said, that if the Sinking Fund were
to be maintained, they must go on borrowing on account of it;
and that as the Chancellor of the Exchequer intimated that he did
not want to practise any delusion, that he wished to deal honestly
towards the House, why continue a delusion that was to be sup-
ported by such expensive means?
Committee postponed till Monday.
SPRING GUNS.

Mr. TENNISON moved that the House do re-
solve itself into a Committee on the Bill to prohibit the tue of
Spring Guns.

- -
Sir J. SHELLEY observed that gardens and or-
chard. were not included in this Bill ; so that an unfortunate
schoolboy who went in pursuit of au apple, might be shot, while
the poacher might roam over pleasure-grounds with impunity, in
pursuit of game. He certainly did not set spring guns in his
grounds, but he bad boards put up saying that he did.—(Much
laughter.)—That the setting of traps and guns did prevent the
commission of crime by the terror they created, he had good
reason to believe; and he was confirmed in such an opinion
by what others informed him. In a letter that he had
lately received from a Noble Lord, it was mentioned that
the writer had I,boo acres of laud in Ireland, great part of
which was wood; that it was in a thickly inhabited part of the
country, and where fuel was scarce ; and that in order to protect
such property, there had heretofore been many serious tights, se-
veral persons shot, &c. The writer added, that spring guns bad
been introduced, and now there were no quarrels, murders, or
robbing plantations. This showed that the practice excited so
much terror as to prevent crime.. He certainly had heard of
persons caught in the traps lately—he understood two lawyers
were caught in traps—(much laughter), but that was so rare an
occurrence, and so unlikely to occur again, that he thought the
House would not support the Bill on such grounds. He would
not follow the Hon. Mover in his various statements; be should
content himself with resisting the Bill. _ _ _

The Marquis of BLANDfORD supported the Bill.

- - Mr. Secretary PEEL upon principle, had no doubt
of the propriety and correct feeling of this Bill, but was not so
confident of its practical results as the lion. Gentleman who
brought it forward. He had great doubts whether the effect of
such a measure as this would not be to increase a propensity to
commit offences upon property, and to lead to that resistance
which such encroachments must naturally produce. In a so-
ciety constituted as this was, the House ought not to legislate
upon theory, but to look at the practical effects of measures.—
(Hear.)—That the use of spring guns had led to some most
disastrous consequences could not be doubted. Le would go fur-
ther, and ask those gentlemen who advocated these instruments, in

how many cases the poacher was punished, and r:hether the inno-
cent and unconscious did not more often suffer than the guilty ?
(Hear.)—In Scotland they were never used. He did not think
it unreasonable that those gentlemen who would preserve their
game tehould be obliged to keep in pay a sufficient number of
keepers to protect it, even object;:•nab'e es that mode was. He
found fault with some of the &!tei:s of the Ira, but these might
be amended iu the Committee.

Mr. P. MILDMAY opposed tho Bill.
Mr. CHARLES BARCLAY supported the Bill
—He had never suffered a spring-gun to remain loaded over-night
on his grounds ; anti upon more occasions than cue he had reason

to congratulate himself upon his forbearance. Immediately after
setting up his guns, the first person who struck the wire was his
own under-keeper; who thinking that he had exposed himself to
its deadly aim, absolutely fell down with affright, and remained
on the ground some time before he was thoroughly restored to the
comfortable conviction of his being alive.—(Laughing.)—On an-
other occasion lie received the thanks of his woodman for having
saved his life, by not ehargir.g the guns. He certainly always di-
rected that the ceremony of loading the guns should be goue
through, but the gamekeepers had orders to draw the charges be-
fore they let the grounds.—(Hear.) Within all his experience he
never knew an instance of a poacher being shot.
Mr. MILDMAY explained.
Mr. JAMES GRATTAN said spring guns were
unknown in Ireland.
Mr. W. SMITH thought the admission that a
man who kept spring guns, and was yet afraid to charge them,
was conclusive against these blindly destructive instruments.
Colonel TRENCH defended the use of spring guns.
Mr. SAUNDERSON opposed the Bill, and
moved as an amendment that the Bill be committed to that day
six months.
Sir ROBERT HERON did not object to the
placing spring guns iu houses and gardens, because even if death
ensued, it was a punishment which the intruders had merited by
I their encroachments. But he protested against the visiting with
the last of punishments what was, in fact, but a trespass_.-namely,
the walking across open lands.
Mr. DUNCOMBE opposed the Bill.
An Hon. Member under the gallery expressed his opposition to
the introduction of this measure into Ireland.
Lord SANDON hoped he should never again hear
in that House ate argument in support of this measure, founded
on the superior cheapness of human blood.
Mr. R. COLBURNE was no friend to spring
guns, but he was afraid if they were abandoned we should have a
worse substitute--namely, an armed force ; and nothing had ex-
cited so great a disgust against sporting as midnight conflicts with
poachers.
Mr. WYNN said, that if the effect of the spring
guns was to punish the guilty only, they would be lees objection-
able. But their punishment almost always fell upon the inno-
evne. Not unlike the early system of cducatiou for our Princes
formerly, for, when the Royal pupil was inattentive to his studies,
a miscreant boy was whipped in the presence of his Royal High-
ness, for the sake of example.
Mr. DENNISON could not believe that the spot
of the country Gentlemen of England required protection from
spring guns or armed bands. He valued the residence of country
Gentlemen on their estates, but if Centlensen could not reside
without this protection of armed men, the sooner they quitted the
country the better_(Loud cheers),—and placed themselves under
the protection of the watchmen of Grosvenor-square.—(Mueh
laughing.)—He had never used spring guns, but if any Gentlemen
present would do him the honour of a visit, be would show them
lots of sport.---(Loud cheers.)
Sir R. FERGUSSON congratulated the House
that every day's experience more fully established the policy of a
change in the Game Laws.
Lord ALTHORP said, this practice was repug-
Lunt to law and hunaanity.s--(Cheers,)

PRICE OF IRISH STOCKS, MARCH 21.
Bank Stock
C9asols, 3 per cent Royal Irish Ditto —
Gov: Stock, 3Y, per cent 33-'7";!4 National Ditto —
bitto, New 87% Patriotic Ditto —
4,, Per Cent. Hibernian
GeV ei Bank -
`3
O. Deb. 354 per cant - BS Provincial Ditto
Royal CarudStock• •• • 16% Royal Irish, Mine - ' %
Grand Canal Stock.. ..............--- Imperial Mine ................---
CS ty Deb. A per cent_ --.- Mining Co. of Ireland _
Ballast Crape Deb. 4 per cent Commercial Buildings- '

COURSE OF EXCHA
Amsterdam C.F. 12 4
bitto, at sight . 1.,:. 1
Rotterdam - 2U. -12 5
„..Antsvery l2 5
Ilaroburgh..— ..... 2!•4 U 7 4.,
Ditto
.""
2% U. 37 '
25 55
uarlii 3 days' sight
Ditto' 2 U 25 130
Bordeaux 25 SO.
/left
rrankfort on Maine Es:. M. 154
Petersb rugh, rble 3U.
1934
Vienna, effective 8. , . 017
Trieste ...... do.
3s 10 17
tisdrld
Cadiz .
Balboa
31
Barcelona
Seville
Clibraltar 45
----..._

NGE YESTERDAY.
Leghorn 47%
Genoa 26
Venice
Malta
Naples vi
Palermo per or. 114
Lisbon • 50
Oporto. 5O
Rio Janeiro 39%
IBahia , 42
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight I%
Cork 1;-,,
BULLION, PZIL OZ.
X. IL d.
Portugal Gold, in coin.... 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 6
New Doubloons 3 13 3
New Dollars 0 4 '9}
Silver, in bars, standard 0 4 11i

;:t §lllll
.1.1/4.) (58
fot

LONON,
SATURDAY EVENING , MARCH 24, 1827.

The Paris Papers of Wednesday and Thursday, and the
'Zile, dated yesterday morning, were received, by express;
—6l` night. The latter states that a Courier had arrived,
on Thursday,
dated -from Spain, with despatches from Madrid,
13th March, confirming the accounts of the Por-
tuguese Refugees having been disarmed by General MONET,
and 4beir Leaders being sent to Valladolid. The letter
:which accompanied the express from Paris, states, that the
814144/11Pe Of-the despatcbes, published by the Etoik, are
eoafidered as very important, because they remove more
and more the probabilities of .war.
The Etoile has also an article from Trieste of the 10th
ilt3tst., confirming the defeat of the Greeks before Athens
Y•ll'Dscnio PACRA BOURBACKI, and two hundred of the
prisoiners, were executed by order of that inhuman monster.
e must refer our Readers to the extracts of these papers
in another column; and
in Paris on Wednes we subjoin the price of the Funds
day and Thursday :
an
F('N's•--PAttis, Aml ret{ 21.—Five per Cents.
1,990 f• ; . 30c. 15c. ; Three per Cents. 69f. 75c. 70c. ; Bank Shares,
Paris Obligations, Neapo
76L7,5fRC11 22. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 594 litan Rental, 75f. 90c.
.—.Five per Cents. 99f. 25e. 15c. ; Three per
Cents. 69f. 75c. oc. ; Bank Stock 1,990 f. ; Rentes de Naples,
15f. 95c• ; Rente d'F_.spagne Royal Spanish Loan, 52kf.
Exchangee on London..o,i;
Three ditto 25f onth, 26f. 45c. paper;
money-- , •
Cour* Authentipe. 's• paper ; 25f. 25c. money.—

An account has been p-----------rinted-, by
g
the items of the sum ex-
pended, of the House,
of Commons, containing
pended, under the head of civil
Contingencies in the
year 1826, which amounted to 296,0271. 16s. 74d. ;
together with an estimate of the sum required to de-
fray the same Contingencies in 1827, namely 290,0001
.11 addition to the balance of 4,241/. 16s. 10d. re-
maining from the former vote.
We observe in the above account, several items for
the ~,..:
' imnursement of fees paid by Ministers and °fiber
toifiHcers on their appointment, and on the receipt of
cell' salaries. We have before pointed out the folly
oi iu... . • •
aintauung the system of fees (which had its origin

in private abuse), for the small benefit resulting to.the
nation from the amount of sums so collected and carried
to the public credit ; and it must be admitted that
nothing can be more absurd than to charge salaries with
fees which are to be subsequently repaid. Under the
present system grants are constantly made of larger
nominal amount than the sum actually to be received
by the individual, for the express purpose of covering
the deductions to be made on its receipt. This has
,no other effect than to swell the apparent amount of the
receipts and expenditure of the country, and to mul-
tiply unnecessarily the public accounts.
We are great admirers of Lilnplicity in business,
and we should therefore recommend that the principle
which has been adopted in the Acts for the Superan-
nuation of Public Servants, of granting net sums, clear
of all deductions, should be extended to all other pay-
ments from the public Treasury ; and that all fees, of
every denomination, be absolutely abolished.

Our Readers will perceive with satisfaction that the
Report of the Corn Resolutions is to be re-committed on
Monday, for the purpose of adapting the scale of import
duties to the Imperial instead of the Winchester measure.
We stated our opinion upon this subject some days ago.
It seemed to us to be monstrous to regulate the duties
by a measure which it was the intention of an existing
Act of Parliament to render obsolete. It never could be
expected that the practical object of that Act, namely, the
uniformity of weights and measures throughout the King-
dom, would be accomplished when the averaze price of so
influential an article as corn, and the duties•upon it, were
to be regulated by a measure of another description, to
which, too, custom and the prejudices of the people would
naturally induce a preference.
If Parliament regulates the duties on the importatidn of
Corn, as we trust it will, according to the Impel.ial measure,
we shall hope to seethe provisions of. the Act for the uni-
fortuity of weights and measures carried iato more general
operation than it has been at present, and some ad-
ditional Act passed prohibiting any option with regard to
the us• of any other %► rights and measures than those of
the Imp rial Standard. Sufficient time has now been
allowed for_ the universal adoption of that standard.

It will be seen by our RepOrt of the proceedings of the,
House of Commons, that the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
CHEQUER said last night that he would not undertake to
submit a full statement of the financial condition of the:
country before the holidays. The Right Hon. Gentleman
remarked, that it must be obvious that, taking into consi-
deration the circumstances which had affected the finances
of the country during the last year, and taking also into
consideration the increased expenditure, in consequence of
sending an army to Portugal, it would be impossible for
him to bring forward his financial statement at an early
period, and to state fully and fairly the total amount of the
charges and the resources out of which they were to be
defrayed; and that to come down with an imperfect state-
ment would be a delusion and a deception on his part.
In answer to some observations made by Mr. TiumE, as
,to the inutility of keeping up a Sinking Fund, when the
whole of it was supplied by money borrowed, and to what
had passed at the Bank Meeting, respecting a further
amount being borrowed on Exchequer • the CHAN.,
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he: knew nothing of
what had taken place at the Bank, and that no person con-.
nected with that establishment had any authority from him
to say a Single word.
While we cannot but regret that the CHANCELLOR of-
the Ecticiiimit' should have deviated this year from the
course which he has 'formerly pursued, of submitting a
general statement of the financial situation of the
country to Parliament in ,an early stage of the. Session,
and long before the time at which he brought
forward what is generally styled the Budget, we are glad
that the Budget is not to be brought forward till after
Easter, because it 'will give the Right Hon. Gentleman, or
whoever may then fill the office which he now holds, (if,
as report says, he is deStined to fill another) full time to
look accurately into the financial state of the Country, and
to weigh well the measures which are to be adopted for
supplying the deficiency. The amount of the present
Quarter's Revenue -will then be ascertained, and some
judgment may be formed whether the. Revenue of - the
present year is likely to recover from the depression which
it suffered last year, and whether it is probable that the
public expences will be still further increased.
We have again and again earnestly recommended that
we should fairly look into our financial situation, and the
system on whichparts of it have been conducted. We depre-
cate as much as any can possibly do, any measure which may
affect the National Credit; but we are convinced that the
only mode by which that Credit can be permanently se-
cured, is fairly to meet at once any difficulties which may
now exist, and not to pursue a plan of temporary expedients
which must fail at last.

Brussels Papers to the 21st inst. were received last
night, but furnish no news. It is mentioned that IHON-
THOLoN and MAucumiti are about to proceed to Vienna,
to present the Duke de REICHsTADT with the effects 'left
him by his late father, NAPOLEON BUONAPARTE..

German Papers of the 17th inst. have been received
this morning, from which the following are extracts :

DRZSDEN, MARCH 10.
The third number of the " Collection of the Laws," edited by
public authority by M. Engelhard, Keeper of the. Archives, has
been published this week. It contains, in 20 pages in 4t0., two
long expected mandates, the first of which positively determines
the Catholic spiritual jurisdiction in the kingdom, as well as the
reciprocal relations of the Catholic and Protestant subjects ; and
the second lays down, in the most precise manner, the formithat
are to be observed in the case of persons changing from one
Christian persuasion to the other.

The introduction refers to the mandate published after the
Treaty of Pcset!, February 16, 1807, placing the Roman Catholic
worship on a tooting of perfect equality with that of the Pro-
testants of the Augsburg confession, and to the 16th Article of the
Act of the Confederation, from which it shows the necessity of
such regulations. This document, every word of which has been
thoroughly weighed, and which has been six years in bringing to
maturity, must be highly interesting, not merely within the nar-
row limits of the kingdom of Saxony, but to all Germany, and it
is therefore by no means calculated for partial extracts, as it can•
not be properly judged of except as a compact well-connected
whole.: Only the spirit which pervades the whole may he
slightly indicated.
(Here follow some extracts and observations, most of whiell
have already been given in anothet. paper.)
Section 61 is remarkable.—" When in mixed marriages the
Protestant party applies to the Catholic Consistory for a divorce,
and this tribunal has passed sentence in cases in which, according
to the principles of the :'rotestant Ecclesiastical law, separation a
vinculo matrimonii may take place, but, according to the Catho-
lic Canon law only separation from bed and board, the party thus
divorced may be allowed to contract another marriage (after actual
sentence of divorce by the Protestant Consistory) ; but Catho-
lics can iu no case be allow,i to marry divorced Protestants."
The f&' awing are some of the Articles of the second mandate
relative to the change from one religion to the other.
1. The change from one Christian persuasion to another cannot
be hindered, if the party desiring to change has completed the 21st
year of his aye, and is not in such a state of mind as to disqualify
him from taking any step from real conviction. Minors, in arti-
culo mortes, may be allowed to go over to another confession.
Section 6.—A clandestine change, as soon as it becomes known
not only draws with it, as well as a public one, the loss of any
official or family rights positively attached to the confession aban-
doned by the party concerned, but in the first case, if a religious
oath has been taken and violated, is attended with a special suit-
able punishment, and, in both cases, with the loss of the advan-
tages unduly enjoyed since the change of faith has taken place.
Section 7.—lf a clergyman shall receive an individual into his
church with the name of being still allowed to adhere outwardly

to his former church, such clergyman is to be punished by de-'
privation of his office.
Section 9.—A1l inducements to change, by promises, threats,
or attempts to depreciate the other religion, shall be punished by
the competent authority, to which he who is guilty is responsible,
with a fine of dollars ;in case of a repetition of the offence still
more severely; and in the case of clergymen of either religion, by
deprivation of their office.
Section 11.—The change of one or both parents to another
religion has no effect en children who are already above 14 years
of age ; but they shall continue to be educated in the same religion
as before, till having become of age, they shall be able to choose
the church in which they will go over. With respect to children
under 14 years of age, it may be left to the parents L-) agree in
what religion they shall be educated, after one or both of them
have gone over to another church.

The Estimates for Miscellaneous Services for the
year 1827, have also been printed. They are classed
under four distinct divisions, viz.—

X 282,971 16 11

273,135 5 0
53,755 4 4
845,557 0 0
