JCL t 111 I;l4'' n n

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JULY 17, 1833.

ti the Irish Church Bill will be read a second
li.tne in the House of Lords to-night, without a
)11,1„
ti". Several of the moderate or RAR-
-167111( and WICKLOW party will stay away,
at that Ministers expect a majority. We
kirry, however, to learn from the same
DA; tie'', that the moderate Tories have recently
eha, ground at Court, and that some speedy
seti.tes in the Ministry may be expected in a
the
'e net over favourable to the interests of
e°l-Intry.

UP to a late hour this morning no further
a4ee4nts had been received from Portugal at the
°llliguese Embassy ; nor does it appear that
l are expected before the arrival of the packet,
which is not due until Saturday. Ac-
eordinn
t° private accounts which we have
Neen, it
w°llld require at least ten days for
4rAPIEII. to put his fleet in order and
I;.range the crews. He intended to draft
4:8 best men into the ships which were in the
est fit state for service, and to wait for an
additional force of seamen from England to
I°rnplete the equipment of the fleet ; but he
°uld not delay his operations against Lisbon
,
their arrival. A very large portion of the
etews captured in the Miguelite ships had im-
"'ediately volunteered to serve under the Con-
4th..itutional Admiral, but many of them were
tileie allows birds, who would be of less use
annoyance, and therefore the Admiral would
get: rid of thm. We understand, however,
that
hi arrangements are already in progress to send
4144' out a fresh supply of men, as, whatever
te„,Y" be the result of the contest, an efficient
f
the, orce must be of infinite importance, to
tainin egency, in the event of MIGUEL s re-
big Possession of Lisbon, and even obtain-
whatevar rht°, Which is not very probable, for,
effected t e arrival of BOURMONT might have
sion under other circumstances, the depres-
the e--(mg the Miguelite troops, on hearing of
render Illsre of the fleet, must be such as to
co-operation unavailing.
4noth

Jer return (given in another part of our
offer been laid upon the table of the House
of "1111" s) which demonstrates the propriety
hing j companies
(441thstablis joint-stock banking
hot °ugh they may not be allowed to issue
h 1,8) Within the pale of the Bank monopoly.
firtuence appears that 38 bankers and banking
1 8, within 65 miles of London, failed in the
'4Bt ei
theneight years, and that during the same period
to umbers that failed more than 65 miles from
?4(1411 were 116. After this exposition, can
for '
4an one moment be contended that joint-stock
kio
he ‘ g companies, not issuing notes, should
', the Prevented from establishing themselves within
Pale of the Bank monopoly, whether it shall

extend 65 miles or be limited to 20 or SO miles
from London ?

A third return has been laid upon the
table of the House of Commons, from which
it appears that, notwithstanding the very im-
proper restrictions imposed by the 7th GEO. IV.,
c. 46, thirty-eight different joint-stock banking
companies have been established in different
parts of England—one of them composed of
857 partners, and, with six exceptions, all of
them composed of upwards of 100 partners,
and nearly one-half of them of upwards of 200
partners, not one of which companies has failed,
nor is it probable that any of them ever will fail ;
for can it be believed that from one to eight
hundred persons and upwards, composing the
greater number of them, would make themselves
personally answerable for the whole engagements
of the concern, if the management were not
such as to preclude the possibility of danger to
themselves or their families from such respon-
sibility ?
The second reading of the Bank Charter Bill
has been deferred to Monday next. This post-
ponement has very much the appearance of a
misgiving on the part of the CHANCELLOR of
the EXCHEQUER—and we are no way sur-
prised at it. But whether the Bank Charter
Bill pass or not, we trust the Bill which is to
compel all banking companies issuing notes
(the Bank of England included) to pay a com-
position upon their circulation will, at all events,
be pas,ed this session, in order that it may be
ascertained what the country circulation is ;
from whence it will appear that over-issue is
wholly and solely, and constantly with the Bank
of England, excepting when the currency is con-
tracted, in order to prevent a drain of gold. But
to enable the Bill which has been brought in
to accomplish its purpose, it must receive various
amendments, and, more particularly, provision
must be made for the period as well as the
manner of making returns, so that. it may
appear from week to week, and from month to
month, as well as from year to year, what both
the Bank circulation and the country circulation
is, so that the one may, at all times, be con-
trasted with the other. We trust, also, that
provision will be made in this Bill for enabling
joint-stock companies to draw upon Loddon
for sums under 50/., and to remove any doubt
which exists of their right to make their notes
payable in London, as well as at the place
where issued.

The motion of Mr. SINCLAIR for leave to
bring in alßill to repeal the 10th of Anne, in so
far as it relates to church patronage in Scotland,
was rejected last night on the ground of in-
formality. We rejoice at the result, because we
wish well to the Church of Scotland, and are
convinced that the plan, if carried into effect,
would tend more to lower the character and di-
minish the usefulness of the clergy than any
other which could be devised. So far from pre-
venting parish feuds and secession from the
Church, it appears to us that it would indirectly
increase both these evils. The Relief Secession
sprung out of disappointed ambition. BOSTON
was refused a living by the Crown, and then set
up for himself. What could have prevented him
doing the same, though the election had been
of the most popular description ? Instances are
constantly occurring where divisions take
place in congregations, merely because the mi-
nority are not satisfied with the choice of the
majority, and every one acquainted with the
history of the Church of Scotland knows that a
vast body of the Dissenters left the mother
church from very different causes than lay pa-
tronage. The very names of the Sects,
such as the Burghers, Anti-Burghers, Ca-
meronians, &c., prove this. We believe there
is not a more respectable, more useful, and more
intelligent class of men than the clergy of Scot-
land, but were they to be appcinted by popular
clamour, and get their livings by complying
with the prejudice and delusion of the lower
classes, how long would their independence
last ? And without independence, no class
of men can be really useful. Expe-
rience, however, is worth a hundred theore-
tical speeches such as those made last night, and
that tells us that some of the clergy, now most
beloved by their parishioners, were shunned and
even insulted, when presented to the livings.
Dr. CHALMEI, s himself is a striking instance.
There never was a more unpopular preacher
than he was when he entered the church ; and
had his admission depended on the popular
voice, he never would have reached the dignity
which he now holds.

A silly motion of Mr. ROBINSON'S last
night, in the House of Commons, called forth
an expression of feeling from that body on
Captain NAPIER'S victory over the Miguelite
fleet, which cannot fail to be highly gratifying to
that gallant sailor and his companions, as well
as to the haters of tyranny throughout the
kingdom. It was Mr. O'CONNELL who
first caught at the allusion to the battle
of the sth instant ; but the cheer, once
set in motion, rolled uninterruptedly round the
House, greatly to the astonishment of the semi-
liberal whose words gave rise to it.
As to Hr. ROBINSON'S complaint of
the merchants having notice of an anti-
cipated blockade, it is one of the drollest
we ever heard. If the Government have
reason to believe that a blockade is now actually
established on the coast of Portugal, we cannot
imagine any thing more proper than thus giving
the mercantile world notice of the fact, leaving
it to individuals to risk, if they pleased, the
loss of time occasioned by despatching a vessel
to Lisbon, which would be hurried off when
it arrived at the mouth of the Tagus.

We recollect meeting, in a collection of
Spanish Fables, if our memory deceive us not,
with a story of two countrymen, who, hastening
home one dark night, suddenly heard the braying
of an ass, and one of them thinking to show off
his wit to the other, went towards the side of
the road whence the sound proceeded, and said
jokingly, " What is the matter, good friend ?"
The only answer he got was a kick that broke
his leg. The moral of the fable was, that when
a fool speaks according to his folly, and it hurts
no one, a wise man will have nothing to say to
him. Far be it from usto say that Mr. RUTHVEN
is an ass, or Mr. SPRING RICE a silly joker,
but the resemblance of their conduct last night
to that of the parties concerned in the adventure
we have related, is so great, that nine out of ten
will, we doubt not, consider our story pat to the
occasion. To Members of the House of Com-
mons, or frequent visiters of the House, any
description of the hero of last night's debate is

perfectly unnecessary, but let those dour readers,
without such unquestionable means of judging,
take the most uneducated man they ever came in
contact with, the veriest dolt that ever drove a
plough, and set him upon a table to talk
for an hour upon any subject or subjects
he thinks fit, and they will have a good idea of
the speeches of the Gentleman who last night
moved—" That it is the opinion of this House,
that the reduction of taxation and the diminu-
tion of the public burdens, by every attention to
economy, are objects of paramount importance;
and that, in justice to the people who pay taxes,
all sinecure places not merited by public services
should be abolished throughout the British Em-
pire." This is about as much as saying that two
and two make four, and there was not a man
who spoke who did not designate it as a truism.
The proper mode of meeting it would have been,
either for the Government to have seconded it, to
have let it be carried without a word, or to have
moved the previous question as a matter of prin-
ciple, which requires that the time of the public
should not be taken up with the affirmation of
universally acknowledged facts, but without
wasting more words than was necessary to ex-
plain the object of the amendment, and to state
that the Government was indifferent whether it
or the original motion was carried. Instead
of this, however, Mr. SPRING RICE made
a set speech. It would have been diffi-
cult to have made a speech upon the
motion of Mr. RUTIIVEN, so that the
Secretary of the Treasury, after confessing that
two and two did actually make four, went on to
prove something which had as much to do with
the question as the names of the books stuck at
the head of an article in the Edinburgh or
Quarterly Review have to do with the state-
ment and arguments it contains. " Ah !" said
SHERIDAN, starting up in a large company,
" Is that a gun I heard ?" No gun was fired,
but SHERIDAN had just stuffed himself full of
information about gunpowder, so off he fired
his speech. Just so was it with the Secretary
of the Treasury last nigh. " Ah ! is that
an attack upon the conduct of the different
Governments which have existed for the
last ten years ?" No attack was made ; but
Mr. RICE, who, with praiseworthy industry, has
made himself acquainted with all the details of
his office duties, had prepared a show-off, and
accordingly launched out into a statement of all
the saving effected since 1821. No one denied
that great savings had been made ; no one
denied the present Government, in particular,
great credit for its reductions. The simple
question was, whether it was fit the time of the
House should be occupied by a motion which
could not possibly lead to any useful result. Mr.
RICE, however, would ask the ass what was the
matter, and the consequence was that he got a
kick. In other words, his speech led the
liberal Members to fear that the question would
out of doors be regarded as one of retrench-
ment or no retrenchment, and they therefore
voted, not that they would not entertain the
motion, but that two and two actually did make
four, and Ministers were beaten by a majority
of 88 to 79. It is a result which will not of
itself seriously injure them ; but the mortification
it must have occasioned them is only a proper
punishment for their want of tact.

VICE-CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

YOUNG V. THORNTON, THORNTON V. YOUNG.

This case came before the Court to-day upon further
directions, when his HONOUR ordered that 4,0001., the
purchase money, was to be set off against the debt due to
Mr. Young, to whom the Court gave liberty to move for
the remainder of that debt, amounting to nearly 5,0001.
under the bankruptcy.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JULY 16.—Wind E.N.E., light breezes.—Arrived
from the River, and sailed the Hopeful, Leslie, and Ratchiff,
Higgins, for the South Seas ; and England, for Valparaiso.
PORTSMOUTH, JULY 16.—Wind light and variable.—Arrived
off port, the Favourite, from St. Thomas's.

PLYMOUTH, JULY 15.—Wind light and variable.—Arrived
his Majesty's ship Romney, from Bermuda; Perceval, Spicer,
from St. John's, New Brunswick ; and Mantura, Dunn, from
St. Petersburgh. Off port, Bohemia, Lud, from Havannah.
Sailed his Majesty's ship Pike, for the westward.
FALMOUTH, JULY 15.—Wind light and variable.—Sailed the
African steam-packet, for Oporto and Lisbon, with mails.
Off Falmouth, the Volusia, from Jamaica.
BRISTOL, JULY 16 —Arrived the James Gregson, from
Barbadoes.

LIVERPOOL, Jul' Is.—Arrived the Suffolk, M`Donald, from
Maranham ; Sophia, Easten, from Montreal; Highlander,
—, from Newfoundland ; and Kingston, —, from Africa.

DUBLIN, JULY 15.—Arrived the Edwin, Carr, from St,
John's, New Brunswick.

PooLa, JULY 15.—Arrived the William Kelson, Robins,
from Newfoundland.

TOP:3IIAM, JULY 15.—Arrived the Donus, Ord, from Mira-

TORBAY, JULY 11—Arrived off port the Duke of Bronte,
Harris, from Jamaica.

The Wanderer (transport) Blake, from Falmouth, was
wrecked on the Coblert Rocks, Barbadoes, the Ist ult.—the
crew and troops saved.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
We have no arrivals of the least consequence to the present
hour.

Ministers last night received a side blow, but it was from the
Radicals, on a question in the House of Commons by Mr. Ruth-
ven, for the reduction of taxes and the abolishment of all sine-
cures throughout the Empire; on which question the House
divided, which was carried by a majority of 9 against Ministers.
Consols, which left off yesterday at 90 to % for the Account,
opened at the same price : at present they are 90 % to IA , with
little doing.
Important news is hourly expected from Lisbon and Oporto.
In the Foreign Market nothing doing as yet.
HALF-PAST ONE

We have had a general report on 'Change, and at the Baltic
Coffee.house, that Lisbon had surrendered to Napier; but on
inquiry at the above Coffee-house we find it originated from
the Stock Exchange, therefore we place no confidence in it
at present. This is only an anticipation of what may happen.
There was also another report that France had acknowledged
Donna ➢Maria, which at present stands on the same footing
with the above report. _ .

Consols are 90 CA to IA for the Account, with little doing,
as the speculators are waiting the result of this night's debate
on the Irish Church Bill. In the Foreign Market Portuguese
Scrip has been done at 3 premium, owing to the above reports.
No arrivals in the city from Portugal.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account 90 IA %

CLOSING PRICES,
Bank Stock 2061
3 per Cent. Red B9l
3 pet Cent. Cons BBl
3 per Cent.
per Cent. Red 961
New 3
per Cent 95!.
4 per Cent 102,,
Long. Ann. to expire
Jan. 1860 l7l
Oct. 1859 1715-16
Jan. 1860 l6l
FOREIGI
Austrian, 5 per cent.
Belgian, 5 per cent 93
Brazilian Bonds
Buenos Ayres, 6 per cent
Chilian, 6 per cent. 251
Columbian, 6 per cent
Ditto, 1824
Danish 731
Greek, 5 per cent. 1825 3Bl
Mexican, 5 per cent.
Ditto, 6 per cent 391
Peruvian; 6 per cent, 2o}

—FOUR O'CLOCK
India Stock 240
Ditto 80nd5.... ...........
South Sea Stock
Ditto Old Ann
Ditto New Ann.

Ex. Bills, 10001 ----
57 pm
Ditto 5001 57 pm.
Ditto Small 57 pm.
Bank St. for Acc. 206

Consols for Opg 90f
India Sr. for Opg. 2401
I FUNDS.

Portuguese, 5 per cent 70
Ditto, Reg. Scrip 4 pm
Prussian, 5 per cent.
Russian Bonds, 5 per cent lO4l
Ditto, Metallic 9Bf
Spanish, 5 per cent l9l
Ditto, 1823 l7
French 5 per Cent 103 f. —c
Exchange 2sf. 80c
French 3 per Cent 7Bf. '2sc.
Dutch, 21 per cent 49
Ditto, 5 per cent 931

NEW BOARDS OF STAMPS AND TAXES.—
Mr. J. WOOD, Chairman ; Mr. J. THORNTON, Deputy ;
Messrs. C. P. RUSHWORTH, H. SEYMOUR MONTAGU, J•
W. Bownitrr, and E. SAURIN, jun., Commissioners;
Secretary, Mr. C. PRESSLEY, late Secretary of Stamps.
Mr. ATHERLEY voted in the Majority on
Mr. R. CUTLAR FERGUSSON'S MOE;011.

I M PI RIALPA 1111 AM
THIS DAY, WEDNESDAY, JULY 17.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

At the usual hour the gallery was opened, when we
found about 50 Members present.

Mr. PLUMPTRE presented a petition from Mr. Thos.
Acheson. The Hon. Gentleman then read the testi-
monials in favour of the petitioner, which embraced the
full period of his servitude, and were of the most honour-
able nature. He hoped that the Hon. Members who
were Roman Catholics, would not imagine that any thing
he h d read, or should have to say, was intended to bear
personally upon their religion.—(Hear, hear.) Hon.
Members would particularly notice that patteraroes were
not military instruments, and that, by the Articles of
War (extracts of which the Honourable Member also
read), the petitioner had committed no military offence.
and that, under the circumstances, be would not be
charged with insubordination or disobedience. He (Mr.
P.) was not the man to use harsh terms—(Hear, bear)—
and he could not believe that there was any Hon. Member
who would say that the terms he used were too harsh,
when he declared that the treatment Mr. Ateteson ha I
received, was most unjust and cruel. For twelve weeks
the case had remained before the authorities in this country,
and it was eight months after the imparted offence that
this conscientious man, and, he was warranted in believing,
good soldier, was brought to a courtmartial and dismissed.
The Hon. Member contended that there was no breach of
military orders ; it might as well be said that a soldier
was liable to be called on to ring the bell of a parish,
church, or to sweep a chimney, :and because he refused,
he had committed a breach of discipline. It was grossly
unjust, and was a case of the greatest cruelty ; not.
a whisper had ever been heard against the petitioner's
character, and indeed he had very high testimonials from
several Commending Officers in his favour. Yet for this
act he had been degraded and dismissed from his Ma-
jesty's service, after having spent the best years of his
life in it, and instead of now enjoying a competency he
was compelled to seek his bread where he could. He
could appeal to the Hon. and Learned Member for Dublin
(Mr. O'Connell) whether soldiers professing the Roman
Catholic religion were not exempted from taking part
in Protestant ceremonies—( Hear, bear, hear, from Mr.
O'Connell)—and even Dissenters were not obliged to at-
tend the Established Church ceremonies. He begged
to observe that he had given notice to the Right Hon.
Gentleman, the Secretary at War (Mr. Ellice) that he
intended to present the petition.—(Hear, hear.) He
also had a petition from an individutl named Thatcher,
against the Notaries Public Bill.

- Mr. O'CONNELL heartily concurred in the prayer of
the petition, and said it was incumbent on the House to
call upon the Government to give the petitioners redress
by reinstating him in his former rank.—(Cheers.) Hav-
ing himself always contended for freedom of religious opi-
nions, he was anxious that all British subjects should
have the same freedom. He concurred with the Hon.
Member, that the ceremonies in question were purely re-
ligious ceremonies, and could not be termed military
duties.—(Hear, hear.) They were religious ceremonies
observed by the Catholics of that part of the country
(Malta), and they were such that no sincere Protestant
could participate in, except he acted as a renegade to his
own religion; he respected the gentleman the more for
his resistance—his very respectful resistance, to the
orders, even at great risk to himself.—(Hear, hear.)
He thought it but compliment due to the Government to
mention that regulations were made by which the Roman
Catholics were left to the free exercise of their own
religion ; and he would mention an instance. A drummer
of the Galway militia refused when ordered to go to hear
divine worship at the Protestant church of Rathkeale, and
he was ordered into eurody, to be tried by a court-
martial ; he (➢lr. O'Connell) applied to the Court
of King's Bench for a habeas corpus, and that
court held that the man had committed no offence,
and discharged him. He would say that the case of
Captain Acheson was much stronger than that case—
(Hear)—for he did not refuse, but respectfully remon-
strated. As to the Navy, the same liberality was
extended. Within the last ten days a Roman Catholic
sailor complained to him (Mr. O'Connell) that he had
been improperly interfered with in regard to his religion.
He waited on the First Lord of the Admiralty, and the
grievance was instantly removed.—(Hear.) He hoped
therefore, that the petitioner who had a very strong ca•e,
would receive proper consideration. He could conceive
the feelings of a Protestant in being required to take part
in a ceremony so repugnant to himself, and so opposite to
his own religious principles, and what a Protestant de-
signated idolatrous.—(Cheers.) It was a subject of
the deepest importance.---(Hear, hear.) It could
not be supposed that because Captain Acheson refused
to take part in those ceremonies, he would fear the less
to face the enemy. In all the relations of the army, the
principle of honour was exceedingly fine, but give him
(Mr. O'Connell) the conscientious Christian, who carried
into effect, with the most minute detail, the principle
of " Do to others as you would that they should do
unto you."—(Loud cheers.) The petitioner had a
strong claim upon the justice of the House, and he hoped
the Hon. Member (Mr. Plumptre) would give notice of
a motion for the production of the minutes of evidence
taken before the courtmartial, and then he hoped the
House would unanimously address his Majesty to restore
Captain Acheson to his rank.—(Cheers.) He respected
the freedom of.conscience, and he was glad they were going
to give freedom to the Jews, but while they were doing
that they should not turn their backs on their fellow-
Christians, and wholly disregard their feelings.—(Hear.)
The Earl of DARLINGTON said that undoubtedly
the whole case would rest on the minutes of the Court-
martial with regard to this individual ; but he thought
that the Hon. Member for Dublin (Mr. O'Connell) rather
misconceived the case in speaking of a military duty,
because this he would say, although no man, of course,
would wish to interfere with a man's religious scruples,
that every man who was a military man, was bound to obey
the orders given to him, let those orders be what they
might.—(Cries of " No, no.") He begged pardon ; he spoke
as a military man, and he would still say it was his duty
to obey the orders of the superior officer. It was perfectly
true a man might receive an order which his superior
officer was not justified in • giving, but it was the
man's duty to obey that order in the first
instance, and then afterwards to obtain redress.
Much stress had been laid on this being a religious cere•
mony, but he thought from the frets which bad been
stated, that it was a military duty he had been ordered to
perform. If he was ordered to fire a salute, or to perform
any duty in his military capacity, whatever the nature of
that duty was be was bound to perform it; and if be re-
fused, he (the Earl of Darlington) considered he was
liable, and ought, of course, to be brought before
a proper tribunal to judge whether be had acted cor-
rectly or incorrectly in so refusing. If he had acted
correctly he might find redress. Every body knew that
by the articles of war an individual might, inferior in
rank, bring his superior officer before a courtmartial, and
that if he failed in establishing the charge he was punished.
He hoped the Judge Advocate would give some reason for his
absence, as unquestionably it was his duty to have attended,
especially eeer notice had been given to him. The Noble
Lord, the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, was the Secretary
at War at that time, and perhaps he could more satisfac-
torily answer this case than the Judge-Advocate, but, of
course, to whomsoever the application was made, it was
his duty to be hete.

Sir C. BURRELL thought that every thing had been
stated which was consistent with humanity, and which was
still more consistent with truth. He (Sir C. B.) was satisfied
this individual never did refuse—(Hear, hear)—that on
the contrary he only remonstrated, and that too in a
respectful and proper manner. Under all the circumstances
of the case, he felt it was consistent with justice
and it was the duty of Parliament to give this petition the
greatest possible attention.—(Heat, hear.) He hoped
and trusted that, like other officers who had fallen into
error, he would be restored to the service, and that Parlia-
ment would not do acts of injustice in some cases, because
the individual might happen to be a person of low rank.
Sir R. INGLIS said the case was one of very great im-
portance, and he did not think that, after notice had been
given to the Ministry, they had acted with fairness to the
House, or the Hon. Member who had presented the
petition with so much good taste. He had been asto-
nished at one of the assertions made by his Noble
Friend—he had said that nu matter what order an
officer received from a superior, he was bound to
obey it.—(Hear, hear.) Surely his Noble Friend
would in some way qualify that statement, which was
one in which he could not possibly agree. He did not
approve of the House of Commons being made a court of
appeal from courts of law or courtsmartial, because if the
practice was carried much into effect, it would lead to
great confusion in the civil law and to insubordination in
the army. In saying
that he was still bound to state that
he thought the present case was a most fit one to be
brought under their consideration. The island of Malta was
accepted upon the terms, that the religious rites of the
Maltese were to be maintained, and therefore the Governor
was bound to protect the Catholic faith, and he did not
complain of his even adding as much splendour to its
rites as possible, but he did complain that military
officers should be forced to serve in them against
their consciences ; for it was impossible `to

rconsider it in any way as a military duty. It was to
remarked, that at the very thee Alr. Acheson was unde,
going his trial, the Marquis of Hastings, who had sue
ceeded to the Governorship, had withdrawn the mint 1. ,
altogether from such ceremonies. In order to prove th t
the duty he was required to perform was re
at all a military one, it was only necessary to state tha
the guns that were to be fired were nut such as would I
recognised as artillery in the service—they were what we
called patte,wroes, which were usual in Ca.holic counter'
and did not belong to the army of which he formed
part. Now, had he (the petitioner) been asked to fir
a salute, without having any 0-lier orders, no don!
he would have done it at once ; but when asked to fi
the salute as a part of a religious ceremony,
the cafe assom al a very different character. He comp!i
mentecl the Hon. Gentleman for the manner in which heti,
presented the petition, without moving for any document,
because he war sure the feeling of the House would mak
any ulterior measures unnecessary. Ho was only sorry
that the discussion hal taken place in the absence of In
Majesty's Ministers.
Colonel EVANS felt extremely glad that the p ttiti u,
had been presented by the Hon. Member opposite. I
was quite clear that this was not a party question, and the,
no party feelings existed in the case. In his opinion, i
ever there was a time when the absence of Ministers w
more commendable than another, it was the present.
because it looked as if they felt convinced they hrd n
answer to give to this case. With respect to the Nob,.
and Gallant Lord to his right, he had certainly showed tl,a,
he professed in a high degree courage which was essential to
the military character; for in his (Col. Evans's) opiniAl.
it would require no small degree of courage to be dr.
only man in that House who would declare himself op-
posed to the petition which had been presented.—(Heae,')
He (Colonel Evans) must protest against the military
doctrine which th it Noble Lord had laid down.—
(Hear, hear.) In the first place he had understood bite
to state that a soldier was bound to obey any order, how
ever against his religious opinions. With that observa-
tion he c mid not agree, nor did he believe it was
require,' by the ord-rs of war, strict and despotic as tliay
were ; for if such was to be the case, soldiers could only be
looked upon in the light of co i.plete automata& Hi
considered the case now under consideration, as a melan
choly proof of the want of confidence in past Parliaments
otherwise it would surely have been brought frrwatd be-
fore, several years having elapsed since the petitioner hail
been tried, and placed in the unfortunate situation be was.
—(Hear.) In his opinion the case was one of arbitrary
capricious and unjustifi ible exercise of authority.—(Hear. )
He admitted that during war it was advantageous that
the most arbitrary power should be given to the Com-
mander-in-Chief, for the purpose of maintaining discipline,
and regretted that greater power were not given, such as
conferring rank and station on persons who had dis-
tinguished themselves, but this case was very differen
in times of peace, and a very different rule should be
then applied.—(Hear, hear.) He doubted very much the
legality of the proceeding, as he did not find that tilt
petitioner had disobeyed any orders that had been given,
but had merely stated his religious scruples, which his
superior officer bowed to. In his opinion, therefore, it
any person ought to have been tried by a Courtmartial, it
should have been the superior officer, and not the captain.
—(Hear, hear.)
The Earl of DARLINGTON, in explanation, observed,
that he had not stated that he did not concur with
the prayer of the petition. All that he had said
was, that he knew nothing of the transaction, and
therefore could not enter into the merits or demerits of the
case. He was still of opinion, notwithstanding all tha
had been said by the Gallant Colonel, that subdordinat,
officers were bound to perform the orders of their superiors,
even though it might interfere with their religious senti
ments.

Mr. FINN thought the conduct of the superior officers
with respect to Capt. Acheson was downright persecution,
for that officer',. having merely stated his religious scruples ;
and for his own part he would say, that no power on earth
should dictate what his religious sentiments should be, and
he could not but admire the man who firmly expressed his
determination not to act against his religious scruples.
Colonel LEITH HAY thought this purely a military
question, and having nothing whatever to do with religious
feelings. The question with him was not whit the
orders were, but whether they had been disobeyed or
not.—( Hear, bear.) Upon that principle it wa,
that Captain Achieson had been tried, and judged
not to be a fit person to remain any longer in his
Majesty's service. He believed that Captain Ach*on bad
acted from a mistaken conscientious view, but he could not
think that exonerated him from performing duties which
he was ordered to perform. As to the statement that no
officers of a different persuasion were required to act on
Catholic religious ceremonies, he must state th it he recol-
lected the Duke of Wellington assisting in those ceremo-
nies in Salamanca.

Mr. SHEIL said, that he for one could not accord in
the position that all the rights of a British subject were
merged in the soldier, and that an officer in his Majesty's
service was not entitled to consider whether a military
order was an outrage to his conscience. It was deplorable that
none of his Majesty's Ministers, although notice had hte •
given of this petition, were present, and it was the snore to
be lamented, inasmuch as the King had twice intimated
to Captain Atchhon, through Sir Herbert Taylor, a
strong solicitude for his case.—(Loud cries of Hear.)
Twice had his Majesty expressed his anxiety, and yet at
the Horse Guards nothing had been done. It was time
for this House to interpose—(L•tud cheers)—there n as
not a man in the House, who had the slightest regard
for the rights of conscience, who did not fee
for this unfortunate gentleman equal respect and com-
miseration. He had been twenty years in the service,
and was then by an arbitrary mandate committed to
destruction, and turned from his profession in
helplessness upon the world. For what ? Had
he been ordered to mount the breach he would have
offered up his life with a chivalrous devotion, but of his
conscience he had too much moral valour to make the
degrading immolation—(Hear). The casestood thus: orders
were given by the authorities that a salute should be find
in honour of the host. Those elders originated with the
Catholic Church, and were conveyed through the military
authorities.—(Hear, hear.) There can be no doubt
that this was a religious ceremony.—(Hear, hear.)
was Captain Achison bound to objt_ct to it ? The Catho-
lic collier is exempted from the necessity of attending Pro-
testant worship; and where is the Roman Catho.
lie who would not extend to others that privilege
on which he sets so high an appreciation ?
It is notorious to every man who has ever read the history
of the early persecutions, that the Christians underwent
martyrdom, not cn account of the profession of particular
tenets, but because they would not assist in the
rites employed in the Roman temples, and connected with
the religion of the State. The martyrology of the early
Church is pregnant with these illustrious examples. Let it b,
o' served too, that the honour paid to the Host touches the
very point on which Catholics and Protestants differ,
and Captain Achison was justified in feeling, that
an implied recognition of the eucharist was exacted from
him. But, after all, he did not disobey orders. fie sent an
expostulation to his commanding officer, and that gentle-
man, instead of repeating the command, directed the gunner
of the regiment to go through the ceremony. Surely our Go-
vernment might have allowed the matter to rest. It might
have been permitted to pass in oblivion ; but instead of
taking this wise course, instead of making allowance for
conscientious sbruples, this unfortunate gentleman, was
eight months after dismissed the service. This ought not to
have b.en, and this House was bound to effect his redress.
There was but one feeling in his cause, and those who
themselves once suffered privation for a conscientious
adherence to their opinions, fe the most earnest
and the most strenuous anxiety in his behalf.—
(Hear, hear, hear.) What ! after twenty years
of service, after having conducted himself in the most
exemplary manner, and won the approbation of all those
with whom he was ever connected in his profession, is
this gentleman, to be given up to ruin, and shall not this
House, and the people whom it represents interpose?—
(Hear, hear, hear.) Reparation must be made him, anti
although that reparation be tardy, it shall be complete.
Mr. STEWART contended that the plans suggested
by the petitioners would not have the effect of conferring
any real benefit on the petitioners or on the country.
Mr. METHUEN expressed a hope that his Hon.
Friend would follow the advice of the Hon. Member for
Dublin, and move for minutes of the courtmartial.
An HON. MEMBER, as a military man, could not see
how the courtmartial could have come to such a conclu-
sion, after what had now been stated on the subject.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL said there was a higher
tribunal before which the decision of the courtwartia
should be reversed.—(Cheers )
Mr. WILKS was glad to hear ao unanimous a feeling
upon the subject. He supported the question, not so
much as applicable to this particular individual as to the
religious privileges of individuals in the army.
Mr. J. MAXWELL concurred in the sentiments ex-
pressed towards the petitioner, and he thought that the
only difference of opinion was as to the best means of
accomplishing the petitioner's object.
Mr. O'DWYER supported the prayer of the petition.
PLUI%IPTRE regretted none of his Majesty,
Ministers had been present during this discussion, and on

that account he sli,in:•l it y to give not:ce of
further proceedings.
The petition w c, then ',ILI en the table.

Mr. METHUEN presented a petition from the inha..
hitants of Bradford, in Wilt•t, with respect to the Bill
now before the House, for the purpose of making the
landholders support the poor.
Mr. POTTER did not know whrther the Hon. Gen-
tleman was aware, and be would therefore just info of
him, that a clause had been introduced into this Bill,
making it optional in the parishes to adopt it.
. _

S r C. BURRELL must b!tter persuaded than he was
now, that the Bill would have any good effect, before Le
could give it his support. _

Sir J. lIIAXWEIL presented a petition from the nu r_
chants, hankers, traders, and others, of Paisley, azainst
the Scotch Bankrupt Buil. Also a petition from the
medical pr ictitioners of Paisley, against the Apothecaries
Bill of 1815.

Mr. COLLIER presented petitions from the inhabi-
tants of Truro, Bricham, and Anniston, for the abolition
of slavery. The Hon. Hon. Member also presented a pe-
tition from the owners of vessels b,longing to the port of
Plymouth, respecting the trade with Holland.
Mr. WILKES presented petitions from the B iptist
congregations of Ashbur on, Plymouth, Bolton, and several
oth,r places in the counties of Devon and Gornwall, for thu
institution of a civil registration of births. The Hon.
ourable Member also presented similar petitions
from the Minister and Congregation of Castle
Dillington, Leicester, and from Mahon in the Eist
Riding of the county of York.

Mr: SANDFORD wished to know what wag being
done, or had been done, by the Committee on t.1:1
Registration of Baptists.

Mr. WILKS had no doubt that sornethinglwould
very shortly be done.
Mr. O'CONNELL said there was no other country in
which a register way not kept, not only of the births hut
also of titles to land.

Sir H. PARKER presented a petiti,in from Bury, S•.
Edmund's, praying for triennial Parliaments and vote 1 y
ballot.

Sir C. BURRELL said a ♦ery eroneous opinion had
gone abroad re,pecting the three years Bill. That Bill
had nothing st all to do with sending home gentlemen to
their constituents every three years, but was brought in
and passed in consequence of George the First not sum-
moning a Parliament for twelve years, and in order to
make it necessary that it should meet at least every two
years.

Mr. PETER presented a petition from Elizabeth
Christie, stating that in consequence of her using some
.danderous words of another woman, she was sued in the
Ecclesiastical Court, and ordered to do penance, and that
her husband was now in Bodmin gaol for the costs. lie
had applied for his discharge under the Insolvent Act, but
could receive no relief.

Mr. CURTEIS presented several petitions flow Bur-
wash and other parishes in Sussex, against the present
odious and most unreasonable system of tithe exactions.
The Hon. Member supported their prayer.
Sir C. BURRELL ve-tured to state that the county of
Sussex was as unexceptionable as to the levying of tithes
as any other county in England.
Mr. GREEN supported the petition.
Mr. TYRELL presented a petition on the same sub-
ject from Sudbury.
Mr. BRISCOE said, in the multiplicity of subj.cts
which pressed on the attention of the House•, it would be
considered expedient to withdraw it.
Mr. ROMILLY presented a petition from a person in
Shrewsbury, against the rating of entail tenements Bill.
Mr. CLAY rose to present a petition from the trades-
man, shopkeepers, and others, interested in the welfare of
the sugar refining trade in the district of the Tower
Hamlets. The petition was signed by upwards of
nineteen thousand individuals, and he would con-
fine himself with simply reading the plain, distinct,
energetic, and yet respectful, language in which they
addressed the House. The Hon. Member then went
on to read the petition, which set forth the grievances
under which the petitiorers laboured.
Mr. ROBINSON could see no objection in granting
the prayer of the petition.
EWART supported the prayer of the petition,
and denounced any Minister who would wilfully shut his
eyes to the immense benefits that it would confer.
Mr. GROTE supported the petition, not only because
many of his constituents were interested, but because lie
thought it founded upon strict justice.
The House then adjourned at three o'clock.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
