(

•►.,

YOUNG, AND THOMAS WIL`DON.,:' •'•
It will be'recolleeted that these persons had been
found guilty; during :he Sittings after last Term, of
t-
assisting in the escape of two French Prisoners.—'
_They were now brought, up' to receive sentence,
which Mr. Justice GltoE pronounced nearly as fol-
lows :
You are all of you cot-wk.:led of offences.so Ai,
• milar, that the same observations and the' same pu-
nishment will apply to each of you. - You Thomas
Wildon were convided of aiding and abetting • the
escape of two Prisoners of War from Chesterfield ;
and you Isaac Alexander Cowen and James De
Young, of endeavouring-to facilitate the departure of
• . the same persons to their own'conntry. . Ther
dence produced at the trial, and the fads then
proved, fully warranted the verdict of the Jury.
The notice affixed in- the streets of Chesterfield,'
against committing such offences, 'ought to have
. deterred you, but nothing could arrest your guilty.
progress, and your crime' has been establiShed be-
yond a doubt.. Your condlid has been much aggra-
vated, I. A. Cowen and James De Young, bysthe
affidavits
,produced in mitigation of punishment, in
whiCh you have ventured to swear what we must
consider to be entirely false, because it is utterly in-
consistent with the verdi& of the Jury. Your .of-
fence. approaches nearer to • high treason than any
other in the list of crimes; inasmuch as it supplies
the Enemy with the most useful engines of war,
I . mean, • men, and prevents us from freeing our
countrymen from slavery by making an' exchange of
prisoners. We are sorry to see in yoU, Thomas
Wildon, that the loVe of money has -framed 'so great
an ascendancy over your mind, as'to readyou to for-
sake the interests of your own country, and that it
should lead you Cowen and De Young to be
_un--
. grateful to that Government which affords yOu pro-
' tedion. This Court, taking itS'COHSideratioll
every •circumstance of aggravation add' mitigation,
orders that you do.all; an eeach ofyou,' be imprisoned
in His Majesty's. gaol ofNe-Wgate for two years,•and
then be discharged."

. • In the'Court of King's Bench, otrFriday morning,
Mr. MARRAOTTIoVpd for a Rule to stiew cause why
a Writ of Habeas .corpus should not be issued, di-
reaed to the ()Meer on board. the Tender lying in
• the direr, orderin,g him to bring up the body, of
Jame; Harding, who had been sent on board a few
days since., The Learned Counsel grounded his mo-
tion on an :affidavit, whie.h stated Harding was a
Journeyman Shoemaker, and having brought a pair
shots home, to his master, in Venchurch7street; he
was accused with steJing the leather given him to
bind them, 'and instantly' brought before the
SittinOlagistrate at Guildhall. :Nothing was there
proved against him :.but. as:he was a. stout well
inadeyoung it:was.thought e could serve Hts
1111.Jc-sty,
.and be wa:; hnmediately-sent on board the
*-7fz:lder. ' ' • - . • •

SLLAN.p.onpuotr enquired, whether the
1111111 had received- any bounty ? or
.had he.entered
Valuntarily into tlize,rvice ? . and being answered icy
the negative, the Cour.t granted a rt.
John Pelbcood,,a ,Yerkshirecarner, was brought
tlli forjuhment, being convided at the last Assizes
of resisting the seizure of some smuggled`!..pirio and
tobacco. -He was sentenced by the Court to be itn-,„
Tilsoued one month in Newgate.

On Monday se'nnight two Game keepers, named
Pike and Gitl, belonging to Sir Joni LETWintIDGE
of Bishp's -Lydeatd,• went with their: guns into a
meadow to shoot at rooks, that were building nests.
on some trees adjoining the rookery and plantations
o JontOVINTER,Esq.,of the same parish. Pike and
Gill'wereresting on .the but-end of their gunS, with
the Muzzles towards their , bodies';' gun slid
frOrri the stump of a tree, where it rest:fd, and with
his right hand he took it liy the barrel to draw it up,
when it came in contaet-with his right side, .the gun
went ofr, the load passed from his right to his left
side, entered.his heart, and. he died in an instant. An
Inque-it was taken the next day. Verdiet—Acci-
dental Death. It is ,singular, that this man was; a
low weeks before, summoned' •befdre two Magis-
trates by Mr..WINtEa, for Shooting on the same
piemises, but on promising not to offend again, he
was pardoned. ..
