THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24 1810.

SPAIN.

my councillors themselves :are of opinion, ought to be
consulted ; for the purpose of calming the public mind, I
and terminating the actual state of things, I find it impos-
sible to continue in the discharge of the Regency, and
believe that I only consult the interest of the nation in
renouncing it. I trust that the Cortes will appoint per-
sons to the office who will contribute to the happiness
of the nation as its virtues deserve. To the same I
confide my august daughter ; and the Ministers who are
to govern the country according to the spirit of the
Constitution until the Cortes assemble have given the
strongestth loyaltycare of so sacred a
that I may safely and
confide
ethteir
othe
them the de-
posit. Fur this purpose, therefore, I sign the autograph
document of my resignation, the presence of the au-
thorities and Corporations of this City, and deliver it
to the President of the Council of Ministers, to be pre-
sented by him to the Cortes st at the proper time.
( Signed) " MARIA CHRISTINA.
" Valencia, Oct. 12, 1840."

MADRID, OCT. Is.—With this I transmit you transla-
tions of the official documents connected with the grave
event which has just taken place amongst us here. A
foreigner, Maria Christina, never amalgamated with the
people or habits of the country which she temporarily
adopted. Surrounded by the lowest society, and excluding
from the Court all that was pure, virtuous, and patriotic in
the country, she bocame an easy prey to moral and poli-
tical intrigue, and ended in disgusting the while nation
by her connections and sordid avarice. Even all this might
be pardoned; but what the Spaniards never could pardon
was her becoming the centre and agent of a plan for placing
Spain at the feet of France, and of robbing it of the institu-
tions which it secured at the expense of torren a of blood.
Instead of a Queen, they come to sec in her but a spy upon
the throne, ready to betray them at every opportunity.
The endurance of such a state of things became impossi-
ble. The removal of it has been effected in a manner that
does honour to the Spanish name and character. As to
the fears of other civil dissensions or of foreign aggres-
sion, the Spaniards themseives do not entertain them, nor
do I believe them well founded. Ordinary prudence in
the Government will suffice to avoid the first ; Spain was
never, perhaps, so well prepared us at this moment to re-
pel the second. Without sad mismanagement no Spaniard
will rise to fi:4lit again for Carlos or Christina ; a nume-
rous, disoiplincd, experienced, and hardy army, with the
known peculiar local and moral resources of the country,
set aside all apprehension of foreign threats being realized.
Under such circumstances, and with moderation and
judgment displayed in conducting the events which have
called for these remarks, I think better days may be hoped
for Spain. She certainly loses nothing by the abdication
of Maria Christina.

JUNTA OF THE PROVISIONAL GOVERN-

MENT OF MADRID.

Through an express which arrived last night at nine
o'clock, from Valencia, the Junta received the following
official communications:—
" Office of Secretary of State.

" SIR,-Her Majesty the Queen Regent was pleased to
dissolve the Cortes yesterday, as you will perceive from
the enclosed printed copy of the Decree issued for that
purpose.
" Her august Majesty has been also pleased to re-
sign the Regency of this kingdom this evening, which
was confided to her euring the miuority of her daugh-
ter Isabel IL, which free and voluntary act has
been performed in the most solemn manner, all
the authorities and other persons of this city,
whose circumstances could contribute to its authen-
tication, having assisted on the occasion. An auto.
graph copy of her resignation, and directed by her
Majes'y the Queen Regent to the Cortes, is herewith
subjoined. Of the whole an act has been formed, of which
I shall transmit you a copy to-morrow, it being impossible
to do so to day. The most complete tranquillity prevails
in this city, and her Majesty and the Infanta continue to
enjoy the most perfect health. God grant you long life.
"JOAQUIN MARIA FERRER.
" To the President of the Junta of Provisional
Government of Madrid.
" Valencia, Oct. 12, 1840."

" TO TILE PEOPLE OF SPAIN.

" Appointed Ministers of the Crown at the pr.;posal
of the Duke de la Victoria, we considered it our sacred
duty to accept an office of so much difficulty in the critical
and delicate circumstances of the nation, when her Ma.
jesty, in the Royal Order of the 16th of September, by
which he was named President of the Cabinet, with au-
thority to select his colleagues, manifested her desire of
establishing peace and concord, and of omitting no means
of satisfying the wants and wishes of the people. These,
too, were our sentiments ; and we could do no less than
endeavour to e ffect their realization, without ceasing to
deserve the name of Spania*ds, of whom we are proud.
" We proceeded, therefore, with all the speed possible
to this city, and presented ourselves to her Majesty, to
commence our duties. We expected nothing less than
that a programme would be demanded from us, because we
believed it to be required, and even formed by the existing
circumstances, and more particularly the Royal order al-
luded to. We had, however, to present one, and later
events render it necessary that Europe should know the
bases upon which it was founded. These bases were, that
her Majesty would give a manifesto, in which responsi-
bility of Ministers for the past would be insisted on ; that
a promise should be made that in future the Constitution
would he respected and fulfilled religiously ; and that in
the new era commencing in Spain, the natural conse-
quences of that Constitution would not be obstructed
or neutralized by the sinister influences of either na-
tives or foreigners. This we conceived to be one
of the first -necessities to be satisfied ; and in order to
save her Majesty the disagreeable feeling that would arise
from the supposition of those persons who had recently en-
joyed her confidence being criminal, we attributed, in the
manifesto which we had the honour of presenting to her,
the lamentable consequences which had ensued to errors
in their Administration.
The dissolution of the Cortes, and convocation of a
new one, preceded by the election of provincial depute.
tions, although not strictly in conformity with the condi.
tions assigned by the Constitution ; the suspension of the
municipal law until revised, supporting ourselves in the
unconstitutional nature of that law ; the preservation of the
Juntas till the assembling of the Cortes, with au auxiliary
character only, and without exercising, aoy , authority in
matters of GOverament,; the deferring, towards-the Cortes
the , decision of political. questions *bleb' :had i been-started,
and especially that of the Regency, assuring her Ma-
jesty that it was very possible that the opinion• enter-
s tained on this subject might changer in the interval, it
ii-ur;og iiii;--.4= .C.'.liiral.,^. Dn.i,' 4,- shoes, nror-,Sed to
1 ov ui;Laitlect by co-regents v,i.ri ri:ii—these, the say,
Iwere the wants which we considered called for by cir-
cumstances.

" The document in which these bases were proposed
having been read to her Majesty by the Minister of the
Interior in our presence, her Majesty, without having made
any objection to what was stated, required us to take the
oaths of allee, which we did without hesitation, because
we had more than suflioient reasons to believe that the mea-
sures we laid before her Majesty would be accepted. But
great was our surprise, upon hearing her Majesty imme-
diately after object to then all, and assert her firm and de-
cided intention of resigning the Regency, anti of travelling
for some time. In vain we endeavoured to convince her
Majesty that such a step might be dangerous to the welfare
of the nation, perhaps to its institutions, and even to the
throne itself; but nothing could induce her to alter her
resolution.

" Convinced, she said, that the good of the country re-
quired her to take this step, and adding that the state of
her health did not permit her to continue in the discharge
of such her% y duties, our arguments were entirely rejected.
In this critical situation we occupied ourselves in preparing
the means of giving effect to her intentions, which could
not now be resisted, and with the decorum and precautions
which the case required..
" The act of resignation took place in the presence of
all the authorities and persons of distinction in the city,
and was reduced to an autograph document, to be pre-
sented to the Cortes as soon as they assemble. Copies
have been transmitted to the diplomatic representatives of
the allied and friendly nations, with all the respect and
speed possible, in order to prevent the errors into which
public opinion might run upon a subject of. such grave im-
portance. The preparations for her Mapsty's departure
have been made with all the decorum which the nation and
the dignity of the mother of our Queen demanded. The
Provisional Regency has been estatilished, and the Spanish
people may rest satisfied that for the short time which the
Provisional Regency has to last, it is real), to sacrifice
itself for the security of the public happiness and liberties,
and prepared to satisfy wishes which have been so worthily
and imposingly manifested bt the nation.
" Duke de la VICTORIA.
"JOAQUIN MARIA FERRER.
" ALVARO GOMEZ.
" PEDRO CHACON.
" MANUEL CORTINI.
" JOAQUIN de FRIAS.
" Valencia, October 13, 1840."

EXPOSITION ADDRESSED TO HER MA.
JESTY QUEEN ISABEL BY THE COUNCIL
OF MINISTERS.

" Madame—From the moment the election of the ac-
tual Cortes was announced, a general outcry was raised
against the measures adopted for carrying the elections
into effect. Experience has taught us the justice of this
outcry, and no one presumes now to assert that these
elections were conducted with the freedom required by
the electoral law. The fatal project of the municipal law
came to confirm the suspicions which had been formed,
and the obstinacy with which it was maintained and ap-
proved, and even the unusual course pursued in its dis-
cussion, increased the unpopularity of the Cortes to
such an extent as to produce public demonstrations of dis-
content against it. The law of tithes and others
which public opinion rejected completed the work, and
one of the principal demands made by the nation upon ris-
ing bas been that the actual Cortes be dissolved—a de-
mand that, in the circumstances under which it has been
made cannot be opposed. We have therefore the honour
of proposing to your Majesty the dissolution of the Cortes;
and, that it, may take place in the manner required by cir-
cumstanc:s, propose the following decree:—
" Duke de la VICTORIA.
"JOAQUIN MARIA FERRER.
" ALVARO GOMEZ.
" MANUEL CORTINI.
" PEDRO CLIACON.
"JOAQUIN de FRIAS.
DECREE.
.. Valencia, 0ic.t.R101,171A8L40."

" In conformity with the advice of my Council of Mi-
nisters, and in view of
i the reasons manifested in their ex-
position of the 11th instant, as Queen Regent and Go.
vcrnor of this kingdom during the minority of my august
daughter, Donna Isabella II , s>t I in her name, and in
virtue of the prerogative granted me by the 26th article I)"
the Constitution, I ordain as follows :-
1, The Congress of Deputies is hereby dissolved.
" 2. la conformity with the 19th article of the Coniti
tution, the thirst part of the Chaniber of Senators shat
be renewed.

cro
" THE QUEEN REGENT.
;oVDaloenneßia,,,doocrnt.erlol,ElsBp4aort, Duke de la.
Victoria and Morella, President of the
Council of Ministers."

AUTOGRAPH OF THE RESIGNATION OF
THE QUEEN REGENT, MARIA CHRISTINA
DE BOURBON.
" TO THE CORTES,

" The actual state of the nation and the delicacy of my
health have decided me to resign the Regency of this
kingdom,
which was conferred upon me during the mino-
rity of my daughter, Isabel the Second, by the constituent
Cortes of the nation, convoked in 1836, notwithstanding
that my legal advisers, with the honour and patriotism
which distinguish them, bavo besought me most earnestly
to continue in-the Regency, at least till the meeting of
the next Cortes, believing such step to be beneficial to the
country and the public cause : but being unable to yield
to some of the demands made by the people, who,

maintain itself, but then still the question will be
doubtful.

" Guizot will leave London on Sunday next."
(From the Morning Post.)
" The Ist of March Cabinet has ceased to exist.
The cause you will find in my letter of Tuesday last ;
but I did not anticipate that Louis Philippe would have
been forced to form a new Ministry on the eve of the
meeting of the Chambers. On Tuesday a draft of the
Royal speech was presented to the King, who objected
to the paragraph setting forth a cams belli. Yesterday
a Cabinet Council was held, and the obnoxious para-
graph was still maintained. On the King refusing to
agree to this warlike demonstration, M. Thiers
and the remaining Ministers tendered their resignation.
I cannot positively state that it has been accepted, but I
have good reason to believe that it will be. Marshal
Souk is with the King at the hour I write. Not the
slighteA doubt seems to be entertained by political
men of all shades of opinion that a Guizot-Soult Cabi-
net will be formed, Guizot to take the Department of
Foreign Affairs, and Soult to be President of the Coun-
cil sad Minister of War ; Admiral Duperre, Marine ;
Duchatel, Finance ; Dufaure, Interior ; and Ville-
main, Public Instruction. M. Passy would also have
a post in this Ministry. Nothing can be more alarming
than the political aspect. We have the alternative of
war abroad or convulsion at home. The abdication of
Louis Philippe before fifty days is confidently predicted.
" Rumours were current last night of the break up
of the Cabinet, but they did not assume sufficient pro.
hability till noon this day to justify me to send an ex-
traordinary express ; nor unless anything particular
should occur will that course he taken by me to-night:'
(From the Morning Herald.)
"PARIS, OCT. 22, FOUR O'CLOCK.
" I sent you at two o'clock this afternoon an extra-
ordinary courier, with the important announcement that
the whole of M. Thiers' Ministry had given in its re-
signation, and that the King had accepted it.
" The cause of quarrel between the King and M.
Thicrs arises from the different colour which his Ma-
jesty and his Minister wish to give to the speech from
the throne. The King desired to have the speech so
clearly indicted that all the world might read France
wanted peace, and peace only ; while M. Thicrs was
resolved that the preparations for war which have been
made should be justified from the mouth of Louis
Philippe.
" The discussions on this point have been going on
for several days ; but at half-past twelve o'clock last
night the difference came to such a height, that the
Ministers in a body resigned, and the King accepted
their resignation.
" The King instantly sent for Count Mole, who is
his favourite, and who has the confidence of the Conser-
vative party and of foreign Courts ; but Count Mole
excused himself under same pretence, and declined the
intended honour.

" Marshal Soult was then called for, and he at once

accepted the trust reposed in him, and undertook the
formation of the Cabinet—the basis of his arrangement

being that M. Guizot should be the Minister of Foreign
Affairs.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Stß,—The of the Military in-
quiry into the case of Captain Reynolds, has given rise
to a meeting ht.re, of friends to justice and supporters
of gentlemanly discipline in the British army. Without
trespassing at any length in reporting the feeling exem-
plified in consequence of the decision of the Court, by
which it appears that a gallant officer has been sacrificed
to tyranny and oppression, I beg to announce that the
gentlemen composing the meeting have determined to
set on foot a penny subscription, thus giving an oppor-
tunity for all disposed to express their detestation of
oppression ; and I shall be happy to forward the receipts
and other information to any central or metropolitan
Committee, which may be formed, for the honourable
and necessary purpose intended.
I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant,
JA MES BA.TTERSBEE, Treasurer.
•
Gcorge•strcet, Croydon.

The resignation of the Thicrs Ministry is a most
alarming event in the opinion of well•informed persons.
" As M. Thiers goes out for war, he throws on the
King all the popular odium of submitting to what will
be called a dishonourable pc,,ce. He will be the apostle
of the war party, representing the most violent as well
as the mast numerous portion of the French people,
and supported by the journals of the greatest circu-
lation.

"'The King will be overwhelmed with public cla-
mour, and, possibly, forced to the desperate measure of
an aLdieation.
" Had M. Thiers permitted the King to open the ses-
sion with a moderate speech, M. Thiers must have fallen
beneath the scorn of his o:,:n party, and the weight of
the 221 friends of order and of peace.

" The King called the Chambers with the hope of, by
their votes, getting rid of an obnoxious Minister, and a
still more obnoxious policy, but he has failed ; M. Thiers
was too cunning to be betrayed to his own ruin, and by
thus resigning Lefore the Chambers meet, end on the
question of peace or war, he holds the King in a vice
from whence his Majesty may never extricate himself.
" In my opinion the King will find so much difficulty
in forming an Administration that M. Thiers must be
recalled, end a warlike speech be framed, or such a pa-
ragraph introduced into it us will save M. Thiers before
the country.
"It is possible that M. Thiers will accept of no
middle term, and that the King must submit to all he
dictates.
" I judged rightly when I said three weeks since that
the convocation of the Chambers aggravated the diffi-
culties of the situation.
" It is useless my repeating to you whet the Journals
of this day say, as they are all written to a state of
things which existed yesterday.
" The Siecle is the only one which appears fore-
warned of the event.

CAPTAIN REYNOLDS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Stn,—The 'account of the result of the Court-mar-
tial in the case of Captain Reynolds, contained in The
Sun of Wednesday, produced a very strong feeling
here, and if you approve of the subjoined, and will give
it a place in your paper to-morrow, it would be very
gratifying to the parties here, who so promptly entered
into the spirit of the resolution :
At a meeting this evening at the Duke's Head Com.
merciat News-room, it was proposed, and seconded,
and carried unanimously, that a subscription of Is. each,
should be immediately entered into, as a token of re-
spect to Captain Reynolds' general conduct, and to
show their distpprobation of the sentence just pro-
nounced against that gentleman, and the meeting flatter
themselves, and earnestly hope, that the country gene-
rally will follow their example.
FRANCIS K. REYNOLDS, Chairman.
Lyme Regis, Oct. 22, 1840.
Sixteen gentlemen present subscribed their Is. each,
and the numbers are increasing hourly.

" P.S.' Five o'clock,
" Marshal Soult has named M. Duchatel for the
Interior ; M. Guizot, Foreign Affairs ; M. Dufaure,
Justice ; M. Pussy, Finance ; M. Villemain, Public
Instruction ; M. Teste, Commerce. Marshal Soult,
War, with the Presidency.
" M. Guzot has been sent for by telegraph
" Count Mole has certainly
Duke (le tirogiie is to be offered the Foreign
Affairs by courtesy ; but he will refuse.
"'rite Chambers will be convoked in fifteen days."

The following important communication is copied
from the Afternoon Edition of Galignanrs Mes-
senger of Thursday :
We have just received the important intelli-
gence that M. Thiers and all the Ministers have
given in their resignations, on account of a differ-
ence with his Majesty relative to certain para-
graphs in the draft of the Speech from the Throne,
which the King considered too warlike in their
tendency."
Count MOLE and Marshal SOULT had been
sent for, to whom, it was supposed, would be
committed the formation of a new Cabinet. The
Funds were but little affected by the intelligence :
‘, The Three per Cents. which closed yesterday at
721.95 c. for the Account, are now at 721., looking
heavy. The Five per Cents. arc at 105 f. 40c.,
so that the fall is not certainly more upon an ave-
rage than If. There is no excitement upon the
Bourse, where it is said that M. Thiers alone has
resigned, and that the peace portion, the larger
section of the Cabinet, are determined to rally round
the King. Long live the King !"

(From Galis.ronni's Messenger.)
We are confidently assured," says the Univers,
6' that the drawing tip of the speech from the Throne
for the opening of the Chambers is giving rise to serious
dissensions between the King and the Council of Mi
nisters. His Majesty, it is said, wishes that the speech
should contain a paragraph, in vague and pacific terms,
containing the new position of rance with respect to
the Allied Powers. The Council, on the contrary, is
said to insist on adopting a language more significant,
and more in accordance with the demonstrations made
since the 15th of July. If we are well informed, the
solution of this discussion has been postponed for a
couple of days, and may give rise to a Ministerial crisis."

ELEVENTH DRAGOJNS.

TO THE EDITOR 01 THE SUN.

Sin—Lieutenant Crookshand, in 1814, was charged
with a breach of the Articles of War, was found guilty,
and cashiered ; but the Court-martial added the follow-
ing remark-:
The Court cannot close its proceedings without
commenting on the provocation offered to the prisoner
by Captain 'F., and in consideration of the unprovoked
and illiberal sentiments of Captain T. to that branch of
his Majesty's service to which the prisoner belonged,
recommend to consideration, &e.,"

I cith this only as a proof that at that time of day
provocation was given in evidence, and allowed to weigh
in extenuation. Yours, &c.

A CIVILIAN.
" James on Courts-martial," 626.

LORD CARDIGAN.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,--I beg leave to say a few words to you on the sub-
ject of that aristocratic gentleman, my Lord Cardigan's
affair with the gallant young Reynolds. lam one of those
dissatisfied politicians called Chartists ; and I put it to
you as an honourable man, whether we are not perfectly
justified in acting as we do, considering the manner in
which the laws of the land can be administered in cases of
partiality. How can we poor fellows expect justice, much
less mercy, at the hands of the ruling power, when one of
the very order they rely on to intimidate us, one of that
order, without whose support we, the disturbers of social
order, would be overturning the Constitution, is to be
denied either; and this in the tee th, too, of public sympathy
and the common laws of manly feeling. I feel this the
more acutely when I reflect upon the injustice to which
many of my own party have been victims, and the way in
which the laws of the land and the " letters of the laws"
have both been outraged to gratify the vindictive feelings
of our oppressors. NVith the poor incarcerated victims of
tyranny no one sympathises but the very poorest, for whose
cause they suffer ; but when a gentleman is ill-used how
very quickly you rouse public indignation to the circum-
stances of the case. Are we no•. entitled to some consi-
deration also—are the poor insulted Chartists to be en-
tirely forgotten ? We have received a hundred times
more provocation than Captain Reynolds, and if we have
a little retaliated are we not entitled to the same expression
of popular sympathy ? But the middle classes and the
gentry affect to despise us as no respectors of the Consti-
tution, and you see how these 4. Constitution sticklers"
aro treated. In the affair or my Lord Cardigan, the
Press, both Whig and Tory, have been against him from
the beginning. The military, to a man, have also repu-
diated him, while the public at large have marked the pro
ceedings with more than usual interest—yet the Horse
Guards decides against them all—yet :the Crown confirms
this decision, end neither Duke Wellington, the Tory, nor
Lord Melbourne, the Whig, venture to, interfere in the
matter. Oh, rare middle classes and gentry, how very
little the Crown, and the Crown's created, care for you
Can you do as much for Captain Reynolds as we did for
the Dorchester labourers ? They were restored from
slavery to freedom, from expatriation to home, from COM-
paniisn.hip with felons to the society of their families. Can
you get restored to the brave young Reynolds his commis
sio❑ again ? Try !
Clerkenwell, Oct. 22.

A CHARTIST.

COWES-ISLE OF WIGHT.

(FROM OUR OWN CORREMONDRNT.)

OCT. 23 —The fineness of the weather, the opening of
the Southampton Railroad, or the fear of passing the
winter on the Continent, or in Guernsey or Jersey, has
given us a much larger share of company than ever before
remembered at this season of the year, and there are still
we hear numerous applications for houses.
The Earl of Munster and family embarked from the
Fountain on Sunday. Lord Yarborough is gone to Appal..
dercombe. Lady Down, the Marquis of Conyngham, the
Hon: Mrs. Norton, Lady Shadwell, Henry Bradley, Esq.,
and many others have left this week, but we have almost
an equal number of arrivals.
Mr. Meiklam has taken Egypt House for the winter ;
Thomas Dent, Esq., Harriet Lodge ; Mrs. Arkwright
has applied for Earl de Grey's villa ; Captain Meynell,
M. P., is still at Oakhill House ; Lady Harriet Mitchell
at Bath-buildings ; the Earl of lhlmore at Mrs. Good-
win's house; and Lady Ashbrook at the sth Cliff Cottage.
The yachting season has nearly closed, but we have still
some few yachts afloat—the last birds of summer.
Nawronr.—Two desperate characters, Hart and Dore,
broke out of our gaol last week, by cutting through the
wall and dropping into the brook ; the former was com-
mitted for a burglary at Cowes, the latter for a robbery at
Mr. Nunn's factory : by the actiity of Allen and his
assistants they were both retaken, and lodged in solitary
confinement, to be secure for the Sessions on Tuesday next

WOOLWICH, OCT. 23.

ROYAL ARTILLERY.

The finding and sentence of the General Court martial
held at Brighton, for the trial of Capthin R. A. Rey..
nolds, of the II th (Prince Albert's Own) Hussars, to-
gether with her Aldjesty's pleasure thereon, was promul-
gated in general orders to the Royal Regiment of Ar-
tillery, on Thursday, and ordered to be read at three
parades.

The troops in garrison at Woolwich commenced wear-
ing their winter dress on Saturday, the 10th instant.
The white trousers hitherto worn during the summer by
the Royal Artillery are in future to be discontinued, and a
light blue, of thin texture, will be substituted in their
stead, more adapted to the duties.of artilleryman.
In addition to Major Grey's Company, sth battalion, de-
tachments to complete the other companies in Ireland
marched for Euston-square on Monday, and proceeded by
railway to Liverpool, and thence by steam to Dublin.
Major Grey and Lieutenant Lempriere proceeded with the
company. Captain Palmer's company, 9th battalion, on
being relieved, returns to Woolwich, and will shortly em-
bark for Barbadoes.

•
The France says that Marshal Soult has had a long
interview with the King at St. Cloud.
BOURSE —Pasts, THURSDAY, Ocr. 22.
HALF PAST TIMM—The market has been brisk, un.
der the influence of the repert contained in a Morning
Paper, that M. Thiers had tendered his resignation, but
it certainly could not be known whether it bad been ac-
cepted. For the Account the Three per Cents. opened
at 71f. 90c , advanced to 72f. 25a., declined to 711. 70c.,
and closed at 71f. 80c , a fall of If. 20c. The Five per
Cents. from 105 f. 50c., rose to 106 f., declined to 105 f.
40c., and closed at 106 f. 50c., a fall of if. 10c. For
Money the Three per Cents. are 90c., and the Five per
Cents. If. be, lower. Tho Bank of France and the
Laffitte Bank Shares are as yesterday. Tho Belgian
Bank Shares sf. lower. The Belgian Five per Cents.
have dropped a per cent. The Three per Cents, for the
Account 63f. 25c., 63f. 50c., 631. 40c. The Spanish
Active is' I lower, having declined from 214- to The
Portuguese Three per Cents. have not varied. The Nea-
politan Bonds have advanced 75e. Railways have in ge-
neral declined a shade.

Experiments were carried on in the marshes on Monday
with a 32-pounder and 6d•pounder gun, and a proof of 16
new guns took place in the arsenal on Thursday.
" REGIMENTAL ORDER.

" October 21, 1840.
" With respect to the general order relative to the re-
muneration proper to be granted to the non-commissioned
officer appointed to take charge of and deliver the letters
of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of the
Royal Artillery, the Master-General and Board have been
pleased to grant an allowance of Is. 6d. a day to the indi-
vidual so employed, in lieu of all other charges, to com-
mence from the 22d inst."

The summer drills and exercises have ceased.

lint Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
French 5 per Cents lO 75 ... 106 ... 105 50 ... 105 53
4% per Cents .....
4 ter Cents 9O 75 ... 9,/ 75 ... 99 73 ... 90 75
3 per Cents 72 .-. 72 20 ... 71 85 ... 71 90
Sauk of 'mice 2815 ...2950 ... 2440
... 2840
Lidlitte Bank 5,000 f. Sh
iielgian Bank
b'per Cents 95% ... 95% ... 95 ... 66
3 per Cents 63 ... 63 ... 63 •
... 63
Spanish Active 21% ... 21% ... 2134 ... 215 i
Passive 5 ... 5
rn ... 6 6
...
Near olitan
...
... 100 100 ... 99
rloari 97% ... 97% .
or., %
,8
97 Portuguese 3 per Cents 20%
... '20% ... 20% 2 3'
RAILWAY SH s ARES.
`t. Celli-min
Versailles, R. B 3-17 50 ... 330 •
... 34 59 ... 350
L.B
Orleans ..
S rastrurg to Bale 342 50 .. 312 50 ... 342 50 ... 312 50
............_

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
The Hecate steam frigate, Commander Ward, sailed at
ten o'clock this forenoon for Syria direct. It was at first
understood that this vessel was ordered round from Chat-
ham to Woolwich to embark Captain James's company,
under orders for some time for Malta. On the evening
IVter her arrival orders were issued that the men under the
command of Lieutenant- Colonel Colquhoun should em-
bark to-day, which they did this morning at eight o'clock.
The baggage was put on board yesterday. Lieutenant-
Colonel Colquhoun, Lieutenant Ross, the 25 non-commis-
Isioned officers and gunners, are all that have sailed with
the Hecate connected with the Royal Artillery ; the re-
maining portion, to form a company, not having been com-
pleted, they will be forwarded by a future conveyance.
A non- ccmmiasioned officer and ten men of the Royal Sap-
pers and Miners embarked at the same time for particular
service in Syria. The following officers, unattached, have
probably obtained appointments in the Turkish service, as
they proceeded by this vessel for the same destination :
Colonel Macintosh, Lieutenant. Colonel H. Rose, Cap-
tains Scott, Considine, Wilbraham, Harvey, and Robe,
and Mr. Churchill. Captain James's cowpany, the 4th
battalion of the Royal Artillery, is now under orders to
?reece4 to Mait4 1p the oriettt4l atom ship, on the Ist of
AoYembelt next.
salcßztatlhiAs
drsoepnoatl—arAc msitong3s2t
great curiosity, recently
Wooden gun carriages, objects
pthe
nore r s t oirroens agnunnosu nacnead
fivefa r
irmegc orveemr eadi fromned in tthhee wreck Royal foßfoaallf Ga ecoerngteu,rya.ft e r h av -

GLASOW DIVINITY CIJAIR.—We are enabled
to publish, by anticipation, the result of the election to the
Glasgow Divinity Chair, which was to have taken place
at eleven o'clock this day. We are assured, in a private
letter received this morning by a gentleman in town from
his brother in Glasgow, that at a preliminary meeting yes-
terday, after the installation of the Lord Rector, the votes
were ascertained to stand as follow :
FOR DR. HILL. FOR DR. CHALMERS.
Sir James Graham. Professor Ramsay.
Professor Jeffray. Lushington.
M'Turk. Thomson,
Buchanan. Nigh&
Fleming.
Gray.
Meikleham.

A Ribbon notice, signed Major Tip,,, was a
few nights ago served on Mr. James Cooper, of the Downs,
dering him to put away a servant named Burke, and
threatening both Burke and him with the consequences if
they did not take the hint. and part company. Burke is
an honest quiet man, and "not initiated," we believe.--
Westmeath Guardian.

AttatN T.
Professor Davidson.
Kirkman Finlay,
)(t was, therefore, uriderilood to have been arranged that
Dr. Hill would be unanimously roturned,Scottish Stun-
dard of Wednesday.

EVENING EDITION.
THE CASE OF CAPT. REYNOLDS. THE LATE SUICIDE AT THE CAITA-
BRIDGE UNIVERSITY.

On Tuesday morning an inquest on the body of lqc.•
Homan, of Catherine-ball, took place at the 1.3011, ill'
Trumpingtor-street.
The witne,,ses first examined merel ! deposed to convey
cations that had taken place between) themielves arid
Holman on the subject of the examination, and to the find-
ing him dead last Tuesday morning, lying in bed ni'll n
glass by his bedside which bad ontained laudation].
Other evidence also was brought forward to short that
Mr. Holman was that identical person who purchased oil'
penny worth of Liudanurn on the previous Monday nighall,
ht.
The Rev. Mr. Corsi, fellwe and tutor of Catherine.
and Lady Margaret Professor of Divinity, was then
call d. H 2 deposed that Mr. Holman was cuterng upon
his third year at the Universit • was a young man " high
Y;
moral and religious character his abilities were not of
high order. lie was, however, of remarkably induh Le
trious habits, and very anxious to learn. This Wale
for
second time he had been rejected by the examine
the " Little Go." Witness saw Mr. Holman after hall
ti.nte on Monday afternoon, and asked him how he hi!
sho:dneodn%o%neallelt
much
examination. He answered he had pot
got
calla be otfte rhiisn et
ha rel ye
f t seur nhiocoent! ; ‘bVtlitt ritehial: tr;
saidh that whatever the result might turn out to be, Wt.
raid nothing to accuse himself of. as he had been indef.-
tha'ous, and had done his best. The Rev. Gentleman tbeO
nded in the letters which had been given up to bir° en
fu esday morning, when the d.scovcr was made that Mr.
Holman had put an end to himself Y
The Coroner, having looked through the packet
to of
the
tcrs, declared that none of them had reference t
melancholy transaction before the inquest, with the
the I"
I exce,r
tion of the letter to Mrs. Holman, the mother of
ceased, which she proceeded to read. It stated the unbaP!
writer's heartfelt regret at the act lie was about to ttomm!,
0 andh his reasons for doing so. He recalled to the rnetn.e.rl
inf is mother the object which she had placed before him
thedgbhmhßeeuraeevef
odmineonhrti:geusel
aemduhbhdlolai embfcsoetosruouvmrl
elfst.dn
coming up to the University, I to 400' hi a
self
.for becoming a zealous minister of '''Y"'-'_"A' le
itnp:roetcrheooefsdelifsai tsritlhCd Cherus towardsrcwhh. a Unilerliti his
tlayndhadg
.twohoeobsaudrobletshseemd oothrdeirosarwyithhaqpupainlictsiess ;Cart
rant
besoughtt b
ero
so o
eGe
el. t ° bless
ebooeoat,
iohNiwg be troaTilheecdcssid3odtc
thought proper "to make a butt of him through6
life." He knew he was doing wrong in CXPI.CIISIIO
fcfoUrruCgchii,fi.agendhiomßpeifadoieroenhm,isebirnu: for it and the act hewss about
$
commit, he hoped for forgiveness through the merits nold
exhausted with the
" his brain was on fire." 'YHe had egfteo asked 00nh'oplci
prayed of him to take his life away before a di grace ' A"" got
fall upon him which he survive.could a God b 57, 'op
caonhxHeireee,nht
aoophn
des de
rf
vatathitsi t,ulhs: so
film
etohtfheeeidtr
sici:ol
thought proper to take away not
ts
lifeand he had ansuesi,j,
hisvi mind to take it away himself." His mother, hdocpso a
was aware that he had no indepo.ndency, nothing t:, God'i
the prospect on which he had in vain invok u
rit,
blessing. He had determined to risk his all in the teat
but he felt that success was unjustly denied him, a" 11
were he
be hie. Even although he were sure .of paw" bis
to go on disgrace and misfortune nn.uli Itiblo
it wsaltbst
examination he would not attempt it, for
opinion that he had been unfairly treated in this, so, been
etaking the aggregate of the subjects in which be had he
had xamined, he " had done pretty well." In a
't willarterationf
and made on a former occasion he requestes.. an - Ha be.
queathed his watch to his mother,
that 201. might be given toe favourite niece.
particularly value the key, as he had int enged, at a I' f,ift.
d :Loos"
moment, to have presented it to her as a birth- e
He requested her to forgive his " apparent ineuse— The
to pity his misfortunes, and to be kind to his mon°oo.'uner
letter then concluded in the following emphatic °1 6 your
." Mrs. Holman, that God may bless and
tyres
los
through a long and happy life, is the fervent and the
prayer of your affectionate, but unhappy son?
retired' after
hopine• that she.
aivopoiledi.
The Jury, which consisted of twelve, then 0
a brief but comprehensive summing up a the evident. --e;
the Coroner, hut could not agree to their verdienf
titew.
being for bringing in the deceased as having been 0 being
sound mind when he put an end to his life, and tvg _three
for a verdict of filo de se. A fresh Jury of twentibe is-
was summoned for six o'clock in the evening', vibe° loan&
quest was gone into again, and the Jury and the el core
again sworn. The evidence, as taken down by the a lip.
ner at the former inquest, having been read to
5n ar
cores '
proved by, the respective witnesses, and the -,--
after A
having summed up as beore, the Jury retired, an °, Iv
short consultation, returned a verdict of " Temporalwho
sanity," Fhich seemed to give great satisfaction tO II
attended the inquest.

pEil• IS.
THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GAR irs.rll
UNDER the MANAGEMENT of MADAME '
THIS EVENING, OCT. 24. _,,,,,,u,
Will be repeated, Beaumont and Fletcher's Corny",
THE SPANISH CURATE. mler.rl
Don Henrique, Mr. Cooper; Don Juanoll.•
Leandro, Mr. Chas. Mathews ; Lopez (the Curate), . or
Farren ; Bartolus, Mr. Bartley ; Die 9,
m Mr. Keel°
mute, Madame Vestris ; Jacintha Mrs. W. West. ,iliba 04.
The Interval between the. PlaY and the Afterpiece 04" . -
cupied by A t 105
A COMIC SCENE between Mr. CHARLES 3-- /,, ,c,i
and Mr. KEELEY, entitled . . ,
TWO IN THE MORNING. ot-lifaf-
After which will he repeated a New Musicat'Drarns, --
THE GREEK BOY. -
. $ j°lles
Hylas, Madame Vestris ; Doge of Venice, Mr. ralsili°'
tCountr N
Binge;la l veggio,
Bernardo, Ir.D iAdidre.arF;.
Matthews;Silvi o, Mr Keeley►''''- IWO
On Monday, The Merry Wives of
Cooper ; Coastanza, Miss A. Taylor.
h Fie 0 01
Windsor, wit 160
Dress Boxes, 7s. ; Second Price, 33. 6d. , First se-I /it-Key
Circles, ss. ; Second Price, 4.11. 6d. ; Pit, 3.5. ; Sec°n- • to
2s. ; Gallery, Is. I ni ncel
Doors to be opened at half-past Six—the per'"- a
ommence at Seven o'Clock. G
13°1
Tklkt..ts andfor the B to be taken of Mr. /.; 00
platts oxi.-;es ''
a; ..h itßox-office, from Ten till Four, where Sea' .•
may oc had upon application.: • B.cne,dettsitg.o.lo.

ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE'I3 siTLER'
UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF Mr. "'
THIS EVENING, OCT. 24. 1100
The performances will commence with a Sketch from,
SCHOOL -OF REFORM.
Lord Avondale, Mr. Baker; Tyke, Mr. Rutler.
After which a Burletta entitled
To be foGllosw
THE CASTLE OF LIMBURG.
reksval, Mr. Balls ; Clara, Miss M. Gl°lstatos,
VENUS A VESTAL.
Apollo, Miss M.
WRITINGS ITIN.
pets, Mrs H. -BesadeFvbeyrlethye. New Mythological Musical
After which will be rereated New P. e enti _. ,i,
a tee t cs'l-201
GAliolliee ;G
RVAeNnups,lll3oliTssHJE. :I,osrd,:utierlat ;:eg:
Lady Emily Bouchier, Miss J. Mordaun;igee
The whale to conclude with a New Burletta, " 0,
RAILROAD STATION..,
s' vir. Stall
Mr. Sampson Jones, Mr. Samuel Roxby ; ou
Mrs. Garrick. •t 9s. 6J'
Dress Boxes, 4s ; Olympian Boxes, 39.13' 120' '
Half--price—Dress C. ircle,; Olympian
Pit, Is.

Mr. ELIAT
atbhoev e
Grand Theatre
Musicali
the
eth
sHoENAbTeßgsEleßavOe YmAosLt
THE CONCERTS D'HIER. iijsjow'
Leader, Mons. NADAUD—Condue_,tor, Mons. DST AR. g 4.
is
n ow
Entertainments, OPEN
EuV Eel:rti
PROGRAMME FOR THIS EVENING' —C

_ _ - _
PART FIRST•
Overturc—Le Muette de Portiei—Auber.

Quadrille—lrlanda' —Musard.
tivcrture—Le Dameis Blaeche—Boildiett.
Quadrille--Lucrezia Borgia (sixth time) era uenots--'
First Grand Fantasia from Mey rbeer's Opera Les 14,erig.
Her 1,',,. rot
Oboe Solo, Mons. Barret—Cornetc a Piston, ~ Brig.
Romance from Halevy's Opera, " Guided t Gioevrala
CevantPsisutoins Solo, Herr Koenig, arranby Musex
Overture—Der
inFauremiscehTuetizi:Cß.oBl:lin.ii:on Weber.
Q ti ays
et': r;eell nao2li
L_Bng:lVl:re—s cures
?•..arituadri TART SECON. a 1101
uI le : C
sl
po
I.—t 1 11:1; ou 6 . Pilet. let,
Flair
CGiarlcolep,—.
VabKl Press
Price P.;
FlinQetu_adi‘riille, with Variatiuns for the
s of Admission •—To the Promenade,
EfroighttphreeePisreolmyenade. end
e6b—c:Staout_Tppri‘eirmußbs_u.aornde.. Moos. Dantonet--01 so. ,
~
,ing tO
Visitors to the Boxes have the privilege of-Pas ,
ne iiv
Doors open at half-past Seven o'Clock, to coranle
1
11,-11413
Private Boxes can only be procured of Mr. Mitche e ea the
Library, No. 33, Old Bond street, and at the 13calle 800
Theatre. Prices, 10s. 6d., 1/. Is., and 11. lls. .e.eoriddeenli
and Places in the Dress and Upper Circles mai be---from '. "r
application to Mr. Parsons, at the Bo Circle ciiiiiP. be keP-
ill' vr
ill Four o'Clock, and those' in the Dress Circle
during the whole of the evening, if required. •
„,,lET. lb
PRINCESS' THEATRE, OXFORD-S,'„,4—ING 411-
This splendid Theatre is OPEN EVERY Eirr"' .
PROMENADE CONCERTS, ‘,.
Under the Direction of Mr. WILL ' 00. .„
THIS EVENING, OCT. 24.—FROGR'" e Of l'r
Ovrrtures—Ruler pf the Spirits, Prometheus, Sieg
ehells. ..ets•
flee°. ite-
A Grand Fantasio from Meverbeer's Opera, Les
Fine cla -
Quadrilles—Torquato Tessa, La Triomphale, La •
giment. n Pistil.
Waltzes—Mille Fleur, Rosenblatter, Eritnertint a-rielzhllP
Duett, Cornet a Pistons—Mr. M‘Farlanc and 111 r. ~.. .-
Solo on the Oboe, Mr. Malsch. O.
Admission—Promenade, Is. ; Boxes'
maybe
had at the
Private Boxes, I/. Is. and 10s. 6d. each,
Box.oflice, and of Mr. Mitchell, Old Bond-street.
ROYAL SURREY THBATS6- 'it °ell
Triumphant success, confirmed by houses overil(woifngthie iteYgi
part has crowned the production of the Wreck ravel °
admiring thousands, and Brunning's madci°e ye el'
aentsPtkiogran'ol
George ; the novel Induction has met with the
has been pronousceEodytF;.bHieNEwithout vita,.
AinTsiwioErtlArv'sßOTErHicglinal Jack Bheppard.
Will be acted the New 3osaixS".etSl::,.a-uss.Ss
Nautical.°6l( °I.D' Cornet
rant a, ae
cfP','' G'i fseutg°-11-,•d.' ‘.
OR,T H E S RN9S°;I. F24SE.I P.
:i
t 1 d
9 repre-
Preceded by a Grand Pictorial and Scenic Inducti
an_,...fai ea-
enting a Cruise round the Coast, and depicting the "
amity, with the shaking of the Vessel, Sce.
To conclude with
JACK SHEPPARD. al. , ns•
Realizing all Cruikshanks' inimitable Tableaux ,I‘9.

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GAIO9-b 6.
_,
. Under her iklajesty's Immediate Patronag.F.:, vig,l
This highly popular and interesting resort is 01'br'
from Ten till Dusk. u„,. varietP
The Menagerie, which is unequalled in the ntonu"' 01 50"
and beauty of the specimens it contains, occupies se!__-ragelf
cious and elegant buildings cornfortably heated, and riibits o
with the nearest possible assimilation to the natural' “ieed
the animals. The most important additions reeently,rnhant,
are the rare and beautiful black Leopard, le Iklign°fl theueAte. relf
a pair of the scarce Curassows, called Cushew Bircligi . ~ir o
Ibis, the Bush Cow (the only specimen in Eurore).' 'IWO"
Cossiy,varies, the Monster Boa (the largest ever seen la,
_,_
ment), &c.
- = ;Clock,
The splendid collection of Carnivora are fed at Follr.fu;'eutar
at which time the ferocious attributes and amazing ,!..'ot ad
powers of these forestmonarchs are displayed to the nu°
vantage. Admission Otte Shilling
, ,
