• •
1014

• LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 3, 1329.

The Bishop of -BATH and WELLS, in the course of
speech Arbich he delivered last night in the House
f L ords, indulged in some very superfluous and
ntenable observations on the subject of the Catholic
tiestion. After an episcopal flourish or two re-
pecting the " glorious Revolution," his Lordship
rent on to remark that the people of England were
religious people, and that therefore—mark the
!quiturq—they were averse to grant power to the
':atholics. We know not where the Reverend
'Pecker learned his logic, hut, judging from the
resent specimen, we should surmise that he
'4l graduated at Oxford. To attempt to infer
he religious feelings of a nation from the fact
its intolerance; to set forth bigotry and uncha-
itableness as the true foundation of Christianity ;
elms to us—notwithstanding our respect for the
teyerend Speaker—to resemble, in more points
hall one, SWIFT'S brilliant plan for producing sun-
eares from cucumbers. True religion—that un-
mpeachahle religion which the Apostles preached,
nd our Sotoun died to defend—is, in our view of
he ea", grounded on the principle of universal
haritY• It has its root in benevolence, and is
istured on the genial soil of freedom. We
snnot recognize its spirit in a system of intole-
snce, which would shut out millions from the pri-
ileges of the Constitution, and keep them in that
vorst of slavery—the slavery of the mind—simply
ram a selfish apprehension that at some distant pe-
iod or other they might meddle with the tempo-
'slities of the Protestant Church. We cannot, we
'ePeo, recognize true religion in such a worldly sys-
e4), but imagine ourselves transported back to that
epoch in the middle ages, when the sole test of
PletY consisted in getting together some dull
narrow-minded creeds, changed from time to time, as
suited
the caprice of the ruling ecclesiastic powers,
Ind
believing that beyond their pale there lay no
h
°Pe of salvation. The days however—and we
4nrt°t, impress this truth too often, or too forcibly,
On the public mind—the days of such reverend ab-
surdity are over. The improved intellect of the age
demands an equal improvement in religion, which
must either walk side by side with it, or be at once
trodden down and annihilated.

The Hamburgh Reporter of the 24th February
1078) °lt the authority of accounts from Varna, that
e Price °f provisions is very reasons in that
dullquarter. T t
he price of corn in Hamburgh continues
:--

IIAhIBUROH, FEB. 24.
ujilhe Prussian State Gazette of yesterday contains the
.ni-t"'ing: According to letters from Varna of the 14th
Provisions and goods in general are at a very reason-
le price there. A great number of shops have of late
:If °Ptned, which are plentifully stocked with every sort
trierella( i ize, received either from C,onstuitinople or
ja.._
-'44rabic.

BORSEN-HALLE, FOUR O'CLOCK.
Alp,
I," "ough the prices from London and Amsterdam do
'''lrle unfavourable to-day, our place continues dull.
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cent
Anglo-Russian Loan 92
na,nburgh-Russian Loan
Anglo-Prussian Loan of 1515994
Austrian Bank Shares lll5
AUstlian Metalliques 51734

r "i4te}l Papers of the 28th of February have been
re
but their contents are not important.

e
Q can positively state that the ATTORNEY-
to:d' 4'Al' has not resigned, and we understand, from
°ubtecl authorit, that it is not his intention
60 to do. y

"."
contents of the French Papers arc not parti-
cularly interesting. The affairs of Greece, and the
onah
of the SULTAN, still form the subjects of
:Betration, but there is nothing sufficiently authentic
Ex\l:4lllnt us in drawing any satisfactory conclusions
t .4"8
will be found in another column.

in thei.rince A
SS xlugusta arrived at her residence
terday,,,ltit's Palace, St. James's, about three o'clock yes-
!an`!'into
kid t, °n, from Brighton. The Duke of Cutnber-
gltt,4,," Duchess of Gloucester received her Royal
,„"tt her arrival.
county ei.vrriiday night a poor man at Ballyhacket,
TiPPerary r, Was burned to death with his house.—
'le Press.

SHIPPING INTO LLIGIZCT—(ruts DAY)

1:i;'

DEAL, MARcH -2.-IVlrd E. b N.—Pa.-zed the
Henry Davidson, for Jamaica.
PORTSMOUTH, MARCH N.E.—Arrived
the Cora, Mitchell, from Bahia; William, Treaovith,
from St. Andero ; Comet, Ormsby, from Madeira;
and William Hughes, from St. Michael's. Arrived
from London, the Duke of Sussex, Whitehead, for
Bombay and China.

PLYMOUTH, MARCH I.—Wind E.—Arrived the
Jemima, Follett, from Sr. Andero; and Brothers,
Million, from St. Michael's. Arrived off Port, the
Sylph, from St. Michael's.
FALMOUTH, MARCH I.—Wind S.S.E. to S.E.—
Arrived the Howard, Dunning, from Madeira; and
the Osborne packet, from the Mediterranean—mail
not up.

COWES, MARCH 2.—Arrived the Helena and
Catharine, from Havannah; Ariadne, from Port-
au-Prince ; and Cyrus, Young, from Matanzas.
HOLYHEAD, MARCH I.—Arrived the Be!more,
from Demerara; Xenophon, from New York; and
Robin Hood, from Savannah.

The sloop Eagle was lost in Pagona Bay, Domi-
nica, the 15th of January; crew saved.
The Speculator, Griffiths, bound to London, was
wrecked at Madeira the Bth ult.

The Miranda, Dalgaw, bound to the Mauritius,
put back to Gravesend on Sunday, with damage.

The Fair Arcadian arrived in the River, from
Demerara; saw on the 14th tilt. a homeward-bound
brig standing in towards Corvo, under a jury
foremast.

TIIE FUNDS.--(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TwELvs o' CLock.

Consols opened this morning at 86i 8 for ac-
count, the price they left off at yesterday—since
which they have been done at 868 87, and for
money, R6l ; little speculation of any importance.
Indeed there is little speculation expected till after
next Thursday :
Three per Cent. Consols, 86/ 1 ; Ditto, for April 14,
861 7; Three per Cent. Reduced, 878 1 ; Three and a
half per C.mt. Reduced, 961 i; Four per Cent., 1011 8 ;
Ditto, 1826, 103 1, shut; India Stock, 2281 91; Bank
Stock, 2101 Ili; India Bonds, 42 44 pin. ; Exchequer
Bills, 48 50 pm.
FOREIGN.-Brazilian, 611 1 ; Buenos Ayres, 83 4 ;
Chilian, 21 ; Colombian, 181 ; Danish, 641 ; French,
Fire per Cent., 1091 101; Greek, 131 14/; Mexican,
231 4 ; Peruvian, 13 14 ; Portuguese, 42 3 ; Russian,
94/ 51; Spanish, 91 10.
Mixes.-Anelo Mexican, 771 5 die. ; Brazilian, 32 4
pm. ; Bolanos, 30 5 pin. ; Real Del Monte, 110 120 per
share.

TWO O'CLOCK.

The Canso] Market has remained stationary dur-
ing the morning, with an improvement after the
opening price of about ith per cent., and may be
quoted at present 86i to 87 for Account, and 86i
buyers for Money. Money is very scarce, and
5-16 the have been given for the continuation.
In the Foreign Market Portuguese Bonds have
declined ; Exchequer Bills are also lower.
The Papers and Letters by the George Canning,
from New York, have not yet been received.
By the Dutch mail,‘ arrived this morning-, the
Exchange comes one groote higher; the Funds
much the same as before. From Hamburgh, the
Exchange comes one quarter to one half shilling
higher, and gold one quarter to three-eighths lower.
Things are very dull is the City.

THREE 0' CL 0 CK.
Consols for money, 86/ ; for account, 87

SPRING ASSIZES.

OXFORD CIRCUIT.-READING, FEB. 28.

This day the Judges, Sir JAMES ALLAN PARE, and Sir
JAMES PARKA, arrived here at half•past four, and opened
the Commission, after which the Learned Judges attended
Divine service in the adjoining church.
SuNDAY, MARCH I.—We have seen the calendar, which
is unusually light ; there are 21 prisoners for trial, but
none of the cases are of any interest, being all of a local
nature. On the civil side there are but few causes entered
fur trial, and but two for Special Juries.
MONDAY, MARCH 2.—This day the Learned Judges
both entered the Court at half past ten o'clock, and after
the charge had been delivered to the Grand Jury, Mr. Jus-
tice PARK pi oceeded into the Civil Court, where some
causes baring been tried of no general interest, the follow-
ing case was called on,
