MAHQMET.

it svonlii be. ^n extfOttitii,jus' tice to persist in

npftitnr; and not as a reformer,
tin; mail %.ho urz4ed a whole nation onwards in the
most important of all steps in the knowledge of truth ;
who led it from. an absurd and degrading idolatry,
from a priestly slavery which compromised morality
and opened a market for the redemption of every vice
by expiations, to the knowledge of an omnipotent, om-
nipresent, and supremely good B. einff—of the true
God, in short ; for since his attributes are the same,
and he is acknowledged the sole object of worship, the
God of the Mussulmans is the God of the Christians.
The profession of faith which Mohammed taught to
his disciples, and which has been preserved unaltered
to this day, . is, that there is but one God, and
that Mohammed is his prophet. Was he an im-
postor because he called himself a prophet ?
Even on this head, a melancholy experience of human
weakness—of that mixture of enthusiasm and artifice
which in all- ages has characterised leaders of sects,
and which we might perhaps find in our own time,
and at no great distance from us, in men whose per-
suasion is undoubtedly sincere, and whose zeal
ardent, yet who assert or insinuate a claim to super-
natural gifts which they do not possesi—ought to teach
us indulgence. An intense persuasion is easily con-
founded with an internal revelation ; the dreams of an
excited imagination become sensible appearances; faith
in a future event seems to us like a prophecy ; we
hesitate to remove an error which has arisen spontaneously
within the mind of a true believer, when we think it favourable
to his salvation ; after sparing his allusions, the next thing is
to encourage them, and thus we arrive at pious frauds, which
we fancy justified by their end, and by their effect. We easily
persuade ourselves of what we have persuaded others ; and we
believe in ourselves when those we love believe in us. Mo-
hammed never pi etended to the gift of miracles ; we need not
go far to find preachers of our own days, who have founded no
empires and yet are not so modest.—Sismondi's Empire.

IZilli
