CONTAINING

A MAP,
AND
WISTORY 1-)F CHINA,
WIT 'H TIIF, LATEST NEWS,
,4()* OR Malt Pri.:e SIXPENCE. Orders may
de given to all News-agents, or sent direct to
the Sum 01 fir
,e, 112, Strand, London. Also,
CPRONATION SUN,
ItINT.Txt IY LETTERS OF GOLD,
WITH A
EA uTir,FLIL PORTRAIT OF
-; Pe. 111.AJTSTY THE QUEEN,
iae sent by post free to all parts of the
PPire Pri,•• SIXPENCE.
an Office, 112, Strand, London.

.. •-.. . ~I OMMODORE NAPIEIt'S _ LIFE and
4ri EXPLOITS during Thirty Years, Is., post free
•, five Pla (es, with Portrait, second edition, eontaisi his
14,1.4 R deeds it. the American War, his bravery in the West
li 44, victort” on the Italian coast, glorious action in his
41Pri brig against three French 74 gun ships, memorable
ie and capture or the entire Portuguese fleet, and success
07,2,Fhant t'ho Egyptian War, viz. burntrardment of Beyrout,
Af'4., lns' of Sidon, siege of Acre, Rail triumphant entry into
qandria, with his itrilli..nt defeat of Ibrlhim on the heights
sir4rllseLog°uen, la., istst free Is. 4d„ Fire Plates, with Por-
;4 tee( .nd edition.
n44don : Strange , 21, Paters oster-row ; and Purkiss,
I\tpton.. greet, So',lo.
0 ri cia --- -
n , sirs •./ next, the 31,,t inst. in 3 cols. post Bro.
t
IPl' 0 0 S inst.,
L TAU N.
AN HISTORPCAL ROMANCE.
1ii7,,, Be 'CAPTAIN NI',,,',ADOWS TAYLOR,
IRE ,ERVICE OF HIS HIGHNESS THE NIZAM.
Authc,r of " Confe,sions of a Thug."
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.
---. —_,Burlington-street.
",i, ,N-
,O ‘' EL, EDP:ED by THEOD'ORE HOOK, Esq. uway nr xt, in 3 cols. post Bve., with Illustrations by
Phiz,
tIE7L'E It PFLIGGINS;
li, E, lited by THEODORE HOOK, Esq.
\.IITY Col burn, P üblisher, In, Great Marlborough-street.
•-•-___ _
MR. HOR ACE SMITH'S NEW NOVEL.
tlll. E Jult ready, in. 3 cols, post Byo.,
MONEYED MAN;
Or, THE LESSON OF A LIFE.
Aar By HOR ACE SMITH, Esq.,
li, -i Sr •,f " Briambletye House,'' " Reuben Apsley," &c.
\!.',." 1 'Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.
U IS . MAJESTY the EMPEROR of
4. L AUSTRIA haying AUTHORISED and MlA-
tit STEED several DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY
11 tIDENDS, which (though they are NO LOTTERIES)
tr many possit ilities of obtaining
LARGE FORTUNES.
A HEINIi BROTHERS, at IANIBRGII,
now SEW, NG BONDS for the said DIRUT 11l BIT TIONS.
tons desirous to purchase for the next Distribution, may re-
,,td a, RREVP.-)US to giving any order, the PROS-3ECTUS
,PARTICULARS, upon addressing WITHOUT DE-
' r, a line to
HEINE, BROTHERS, at HAMBURGIII.
THE ,
, E NE. CI. DISTRIBUTION, managed and guaranteed
the Austrian Go7ernment, contains
'WENT
Y-FIB-E THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED

DIVIDENDS,
Amountinr4 to £954,685,
Tile Dividends being
415,000 £6OO £7O 0 £37 10
7,504 P, 300 50 0 37 0

3,80 0 200 42 0 36 0
1,410 150 40 10 35 0
1.2 00 100 39 0

th, TP,EATRE 7•IOYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
"jSER the MANAGEMENT of MADAME VESTAL;.
THIS EVENING, DEC. 26.
Will be reperted, liertumont and Fletcher's Comedy of
THE SPANISH CURATE.
Henrique, Mr. Cooper; Don Juan, Mr. Anderson
Pk.,'kines Mr. Chas. Mathews ; Lopez (the Curate), Mr. W
ti4Vl; Bart olus, Mr. Bartley ; Diego, Mr. Keeley ; Ann-
Matie.me Vestris ; Jacintha, Mrs. W. West.
4kell/4,e, After which,
J GRAND CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME will be
Tity. produced, entitled
• CASTLE OF OTRANTO; OR, HARLEQUIN
AND THE GIANT HELMET.
arlequin, Mr. C. J. Smith ; Clown, Mr. T. Ridgway;
Laaleon, Mr. ; Columbine, Miss Fairbrother.
'doors to be oTiened at hall-past Six—the pertuiruances to
tuienee at Se ten o'Clock.
41,i'tkets and Oa( es for the BOW.; to be taken of Mr. Grogan
Box-offi from Ten till Four, where Season Tickets
be had upon application.
f.'r..ss Boxes, 79. ; Second Price, 3s. 6d. - First and Second
ss. ; :f.cond Price, :Is. 6d. ; Pit, Ss.; Second Price.
qallery, ls.
16,ti,vate Boxts to be had so!ely of Mr. And: ens, bookseller
Bond-street.
tit

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
It Night of th.e Grand Christmas Pantomime, and Grand
loramic Antraal, The principal Characters in the Panto-
'''jrne by the. Boleno Family; Mr. Southby, the Popular
\jlown; and Signior Felix Carlo, from Franconia, at Paris.

THIS EVENING, DEC. 26,
Will be r epresented a New Domestic Drama, entitled
MART HA WILLIS, THE AIAID SERVANT.
Martha Willis, *Airs. Henry Vining.
After which will be produced the New Cowie Pantomime.,
entitled
-'l,-E'QITIN AND MY LADY LEE ; OR, GOOSEY
~LANI)ER AND THE SPELLBOUND GOSLINGS.

a
njer - - • -
kor„ d WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
8 minutes after 4 I Evening 73 mulutes after 4.

rulgication of tre Evening Edition of Lis Sux core..
manned at 10 minutes after Three.

*!4 'ftlwor

LONDON:
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1840.

The Morning Post has an article against de-
Inocraey, in which the authority of ARISTOTLE
4:d of M. DE TOCQUEVILLE is quoted as quite
decisive against democracy. ARISTOTLE said,
ig
of all terannies the utmost is democracy." But
before, we can admit this assertion to be now of
411 Y weight, much less admit it to be conclusive,
/1) must be quite certain that the word democracy,
When used by a Greek nearly 2,200 years ago,
deans precisely what is now meant by the same
*01(1• The written words of a language remain
"altered---even the sounds of those words may be
Ind are handed down from generation to generation,
Without any perceptible change; while the ideas, or
the actual things for which the words stand, and
for which they are signs, have undergone a perpe-
tual and prodigious change. Take, for example,
the word signifying our planet, whatever it may be
in The various languages of the Old World, and it is
'pinin that it could not possibly embrace more know-
ledge than the then existing race of men possessed ;
but that word now stands for all the knowledge which
Subsequent ages have enabled us tekquile of the earth,
including its globular form and relative importance,
111.', little better than a mite in a vast system, and its
Istronomical characteristics. Gradually the mean-
ing of the words fy,, as used by the Greeks, and
Term, as used by the Romans, has changed from
Biviifying their contracted to our enlarged know-
tedge, and we arc perpetually exposed to mistakes
ascribing to the Ancients the posession of our
ideas, because we continue to use their words or
corresponding words. The same fact is true of
every branch of knowledge. To set forth what
were the ideas actually affixed by the Ancients to
Words which have become incorporated into our
tongue at different periods, would he a noble work
for some scholar, far more useful and more worthy
of attention than the much renowned labours of
?ORSON or BENTLEY.
in all the States of Greece, at the time A Rts-
ToTLE wrote, slavery existed. The press was
unknown ; Christianity had never been heard of ;
the passions of men were untamed and violent ;
division of labour was circumscribed, and little
or no interchange knit together the several classes
or the several States ; between the aristocracy,
which usurped or possessed power under various
names, and the middle classes, but not the
slaves—who most resembled our lower classes
-there was a continual contest for power, and,
as faction succeeded against faction, the de-
`` eated Tarty was driven into banishment or out
the aristocracy exercised their usurped
:`pOirtf More consistently and steadily, but not less
_erueTly, than the democracy ; but when the den o•
cracy gained the upper hand, they drove the others
with fury into exile, or put them to death. This
peculiar feature of the democracies of antiquity is
what ARISTOTLE, we believe, meant by the

phrase—" or all tyrannies the utmost is democracy."
1-1,5 ari'hori►ty, therefore, is about as valid in this
controversy as if he had simply asserted that those
who were most violent were most to be condemned.
At any rate the knowledge which ARISTOTLE
could have of society—because society was so dif-
ferent in his days fiom what it is in ours—is
so different from our own knowledge, that we should
as soon quote him as an authority for now construct-
ing ploughs or building ships, as for forming a
Government.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLE is of as little authclity
as ARISTOTLE. In a passage which the Post

quotes, he says :

I am not acquainted with any country in which there
is so little true independence of mind and so
dont of diseusAion as in America ln any
Contitutional State in Europe every sort of religious
or political theory may be freely promulgated, for there
is none of its nations so subdued by any siagle autho-
rity as not to contain eitizlns who are ready to protect
the man who rakes his voice in the cause of truth. If
he is unfortunate enough to live under an absolute Go-
vernment, the people are on his side. If he inhabits n
free country he nay find the shelter he requires behind
the authority of the throne. In some countries the
aristocracy will support him, in others the democracy ;
but in a nation where the democracy is organised, as it
is in the United States, there is but one sole authority,
one single element of force and success, with nothing
beyond it. . . . In America the majority draws
a formidable circle round the exercise ollhought. Within
its limits an author is at liberty to write what he
pleases ; but woe to him to dares to pass them. Not
that he is threatened with an auto da fe, but ho is ex-
posed to annoyance of every sort, arid to daily perse-
cutions. His political care„ is for ever closed if once
he °Ends the only power which can open it to him.
Every kind of compensation is refused to him, even that
of celebrity. Before he published his opinions he
imagined he had partisans ; but no sooner has he de-
clared them open!y than he is loudly censured by his op-
ponents, whilst those who think with him, without having
equal courage to give expression to their thoughts, hold
their peace and abandon him. He yields at length, op.
pressed by the daily efforts he has been making. and he
subsides into silence as if he were tormented by remorse
for having spoken the truth.

In the Papers, however, of yesterday, it is stated
that two men were arrested in the Place Ven-
dome for crying out " Vive la Republique." Not
long ago Mr. HETHERINGTON was convicted of
blasphemy for publishing a book which attacked an
established opinion- About the same period, a
gentleman, every way qualified, was excluded from
the Civic Chair of Edinburgh because he does not
follow the teaching of the endowed priesthood. A
little longer ago, another gentleman was excluded
from the Civic Chair of the Metropolis for rot
professing the dominant religious opinions. In
Ireland men and women are turned off the land to
die in a ditch, because they are Catholics. In
Scotland the tenants are told they shall not be al-
lowed to hold farms unless they subscribe to the
landlord's opinions. In England they must not
sub-let a barn, or use it, to promote their own opi-
nions, or support any kind of education but educa-
tion in the opinions of their landlords. All these
things take place in the most free aristocratic country
in Europe, and vet M. DE TOCQUEVILLE and
the Post would have the world believe that opinion
is more free in Europe under despotism and aristo-
cracy than in the United States.

Will the reader believe that while the Post
talks of the constraints on opinion in America, it
regrets the want of a law in England to put down
political truth? To speak truth is to provoke dis-
content with injustice, and the Post would have all
political discussion. which provokes discontent, or
rouses mei' against injustice, put down by law.
We are not surprised that such a writer is highly
dissatisfied with the democracy of the United States.

Both M. DE TOCQUEVILLIL and the writer in
he Post, fail to notice that in Europe certain opi-
nions are prohibited by the law, while in the United
States ail opinions are freely published. Here cer-
tain opinions are punished ; in the States they are
only kept in subjection by public opinion. There,
in fact, public opinion, much more than positive
enactment, is the law of the land. Here public
opinion plays its part also ; and to make a fair com-
parison between the constraint imposed on the for-
mation of opinion LI Europe, and in the United
States, all the restraints imposed by law in the for-
mer, including the restraints imposed on the press,
should be added to the restraints imposed solely by
public opinion in the latter; and then it will pro-
bably be found that the restraints in the United
States arc less than the restraints in Europe. No
person in Europe, more than in America, can rise
to power, or even succeed in the ordinary pursuits
of life, without conforming to public opinion. Per-
haps we are so long accustomed to ;its chains that
We scarcer• perceive them, while society in America,
consisting in part of a continual stream of emi-
grants, marks and feels the weight :Which tl-e pub-
lic opinion of democratic Ametica, different from
that of aristocratic Europe, imposes on all comers.

After all, what is the despotism of public opinion
of which M. DE TOCQUEVILLE complains? Is
it not the security of life—is it not the security of
property—is it not the security of industry ? Can
men in the -United States complain that they are
injured in their persons or property, as they justly
complain in Europe ? Even GARRISON, the ardent
enemy of the slave-holders, though sometimes
threatened, is still at liberty to prosecute unharmed
his benevolent projects. It will be very long, we be-
lieve, before such an example of intolerance can be
quoted against the United States as the exile and
death of THOMAS PAINE.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLE is, by birth and educa-
tion, an aristocratic Frenchman ; and he associated
principally, of course, with the aristocratic classes
in the United States. He there found that his own
ideas and theirs were kept in strict subjection to
democratic opinions; and it is that subjection which
he expresses by the voice of complaint and latnen-
tation, just as if Mr. BRONTER RE OBRIEN, or
FEARGUS O'CONNOR, were to complain of the
restraints imposed on democratic opinions
and on democracy in England. Their case is
parallel to that of M. DE TOCQUEVILLE, with
this addition, that they are punished for their demo-
cratic opinions under the name of sedition, while
the only punishment inflicted on the aristocracy in
America is, that they are obliged to make a show
of conforming to democratic manners. When
M. DE TOCQUEVILLE and the Post complain of
the restraint of public opinion, they betray a
lamentable ignorance of the fact, that to public
opinion we are at all times indebted for enforcing
the laws, and consequently for all the security we
now enjoy. If that be greater in the United
Stites than here, as we affirm it is, the conclu-
sion is that public opinion in the United States is
a better guardian than the law in Europe.

The Sun conta►ns an account of a meeting held
at Manchester, on Tuesday last, to consider the
most effectual means of assisting HENRY HETHER-
INGTON. The persons who came forward on that
occasion did themselves honour by their straight-
forward, manly proccodings. There was no vio
lence, no unseemly language ; but the right of free
publication was ably vindicated. There a•as a
time when the noble duty of defending the tight to
print freely was much more generally practised
than it has been since it was violated in the person
of Mr. —HETHERINGTON. To neglect that duty
in his case, gives rise to the suspicion that certain
parties and certain writers regard persons much more
than principles.

The Morning Herald had the good fortune,
thtough the agency o►f a weit-kuown ex-Sc.eretar.,. f
Legation, to obtain, shoitly after the signing of the
Quadruple Treaty, some inkling of what W 43 going

forward relative to the Eastern Question, and was
thus enabled to take the lead of its Contemporaries
in making certain small revelationF, whose prema-
ture disclosure contributed in no small degree to in-
flame the ire of the war faction in France, and to
mislead for a moment public opinion in England as
to the real drift of Lord PALMERSTON'S policy.
The first disclosures made by the Herald proved
to be well founded, and since then it has perpe-
trated a number of semi-official paragraphs, with a
view to show that its sources of exclusive informa-
tion arc in no way diminished by the change which
has taken place in the administration of French
policy. Unluckily the grave statements made in
several of these paragraphs have not been con-
firmed, and we now begin to attach very little credit
to them. The following semi-official announce-
ment, hearing the stamp of the URQUHART mint,
which appears in the Herald of this morning, is
given for just as much as the reader may think it is
worth :

We learn from Paris that the English Government
have united their remonstrances against the extraordi-
nary armaments of France to keep up that contradic-
tion, a " paj.c armee," to those previously made by
Austria and Prussia ; and the English Government
have also signified their intention to increase consider-
ably their navy, if' the naval armaments of France
should be increased, as England could only, by these
means, make head against the superiority which France
has in her armies.

This is followed by another directly in the teeth
of a statement twice made in The Sun, on what
we regard as higher authority than the Herald's
Parisian oracle. Be it also observed, that the re-
port that the Great Powers had approved of Com-
modore NAPIER's Convention with BoGtws BEY,
was announced in the columns of the Afoul!cur:—
We arc able to contradict the report in a Ministe-
rial Evening Journal, " that the Powers had expressed
their approval of the Convention between Commodore
Napier and Mehemet A'i ;" that Convention, as yet,
not having been communicated to them through the of-
ficial channel, Sir Robert Stopford.

The Madrid Gazelle, of the 16th inst., pub-
lishes the Decrees of the Regency for abolishing
thejacros of the Basque Provinces, and establish-
ing the system of government recognised by the
Constitution of 1837 throughout Spain. Copies
of the Decrees will be found in another part of
The Sun. There can be no question that it is ex-
tremely desirable to establish an uniform system of
Government in every part of Spain, but befO're we
shall have ascertained that the inhabitants iiof thv
Basques, so long and so devotedly attached .o pri-
vileges which secured them the rights of fpemen
when the mass of their fellow-subjects w 4 little
better than slaves, voluntarily accepted the Consti-
tution in exchange for them, we cannot With the
Chronicle laud the Regency for having achieved with
mere Gazelle decrees, so important an undertaking
Our readers all know well, that it was the prema-
ture attempt of the Queen's Government to wrest
their, fueros from the Basques which elevated the
standard of rebellion under Don CA It Los, and
cost Spain all the horrors of a seven years' civil
war. Now, if, instead of arbitrarily depriving the
Basques of their fueros, proper means had been
taken to impress them with the local and national
advantages of voluntarily resigning them, we can
have little doubt that the result would have been
as pacific as it was hostile. We find it, however,
stated in the Madrid papers that the leading NR-
varrese have been consulted by ESPA RTERO, and
have agreed to the leading points -of the law, which
is to be submitted to the Coates fur confirming the
decrees of the Regency.

There is no news of any interest, save a report
of the proceedings in the Ninth Bureau of the
Chamber of Deputies on the financial condition of
France, i❑ the Paris Journals of Thursday. This
report will be found below, and will naturally at-
tract the notice of our commercial readers.

The Courricr Francais maintains that a note from
the Cabinets of Vienna and Berlin, protesting against
the armaments of France, has been in the hands of M.
Guizot more than a " It is said to be couched,"
the Courtier adds, "in terms of such a nature that a
Minister the least suserptible, with regard to national
honour, cottld not fail of being moved by it. M. Guizot,
if his friends are to be credited, has replied to it with a
certain degree of dignity "
The Journal of Lyons gives some account of Mr.
Vincent Million, who was seized and carried o'iu suck
an audacious manner in the evening of the 18th inst.
According to the ReFaralcur, at two o'clock in the af-
ternoon of the 20th, a gendarme sent from Givers
brought word to the Magistrates that Mr. Million had
been found in a cellar near Girors with the kidnappers,
who had hem seized and delivered into the hands of
justice.
The Courrier de Lyon of the 21st says—" We are
this moment informed that Mr. V. Million has just re-
turned home. The police had discovered the place
where he passed the first night, and continuing its in-
quiry in the direction cif Givors, found him at Ternay.
Two men who accompanied him were arrested.—Lq
Gaeette de France.

has, however, adopted a system which may ono day
break through the guardianship whieli there is a desir-
to impose GSI him. By express commands, the Ministers
give hint a detailed account of affairs, and he discusses
them with them. lie has often interviews with the fo-
reign Ambassadors since hostilities have commenced in
Syr;a.
Gmcral Mehemed Rechid, Director-General of Ar-
tillery at Constantinople, and Governor of the arsenal
of Taphane, has just been deprived of his office, owing
to a whim of Riza Pacha. Mehctned Rechid Paella
was brought up in France, and passed several years at
the Artillery School of Metz. The re-action against
France has been pushed on by fanatic!: to such a pitch
as to destroy all that had been organised with so much
trouble and expense at the arsenal of artillery of Tap-
bane, according to the system in force with us, in order
to substitute that of Prussia. The work of destruc-
tion is commenced by the personnel—the materiel will
follow.

General Mehewed Rechid is replaced by a young
man of the Palace, a former plge of Alahmnud, who
is ignorant of the nature of a cannon or of an ord-
nance carriage. The first act of administration on
the part of the young Meherned Ali Paella dates
from yesterday, and is well worthy of being recorded.
The nen dignitary has thought proper, in order to in-
stall himsdf with all his attendants, to dispose of the
:millings fortuit, the Artillery School, and to disband
all the cadets belonging to that establishment. Hence-
forth there will be no artillery at Constantinople, but
the Director-Gf•neral will be well lodged. The healthy
state of the capital is excellent, notwithstanding the
continual arrival of vessels fro:n Syria with prisoners
and the sick. Several of the latter have died of typhus
fever, and others have not been able to stand the
change of climate.

The plague has broken out about en hour's walk
front 13,•yrout, but owing to the quarantine regulations
the contaminlacd village is ivolated. The plague of
Varna has just ceased, and that of Erzeroum is at an
end since the 25th of October. A Russian steamer
has.arrived arid anchored opposite the Seraglio. After
being stationed there for a few hours it went up the
Bosphorus as far as I3tiyukdere, during which time
Prince Candjorli, Conseiller of the Russian Emhas-y,
proceeded with all possible speed on a post•horse to the
Turkish Minister's.

GERMANY.

WAR PREPARATIONS.

AUGSBURG, DEC. 20.—Our warliko preparations
assume at length a more tangible form. The advanced
gu trd of the Austrian army of observation, which will
assemble iii the Voralla!rg, is already on its march, and
is expected to pass through Munich. It consists of

five regiin. nts of cavalry (one of hussars, one lancers,
two chasseurs, one dragoons,) four regiments of infan-
try, and six batteries of field artillery—in all between
15,000 and 16,000 men. Two Austrian regiments
(Richter and Archduke Charles) are on their route to
reinforce the garrison of Mayence, which will also re-
ceive a Prnssian reinforcement. The twenty millions
of fl,rins which have long been in the hands of Roth-
schild and Co., of Frankfort, at an intereq of four per
cent., have hem withdrawn try the military commis. ion
to be applied on emergency. The sum agreed to be ex-
pended by the Diet in the preparation and defensive
measures to be adopted is, however, as I stated in a
former letter, fixed for the preent at one hundred mil-
lion florins.

Tile troops of the eight corps of the Confederation
and the Bavarians have orders to be ready to march by
the first we k in February ; and amongst others, the
organiz ttion of the Lindwehr of the Grand Duchy of
Baden is talked of, which will amount to 25,000 men•

DUTCH FUNDS.—AmsTEnnard, DEC. 29.
Money. Bilk.
4i:qua! 1/tit, t'.,, per Cent
.ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A iii.rt Svndic,4li percent 8 i '4 8' ii
Ditto, ditto, :".i.,,i per cen' 7l 71'4
Commercial Company, 4,-, per cent lol4 WO.
Ditto (h5;;5 and 1137) 5 per cent.
Loan 1%07, 5 per cunt.
FAchatige on LonduN, Chet mouth l:2 0
Two months
Dutch Papers, Dec. 23. • •
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.--NIFNNA, DEC. 1i ' ' '''.l'7'
livelier Cunt,. Metalliques
FOIll per Cents.
:1— ..
Friree p.r Cents.
Bank Shari, ....... ............. ... ..... .......... ..........
... ,dllgour2rse &wring, Dec. •.i0
HAMBURG BOIDIENHALLE Dec. N
Bills. Money
Austrian 5 per Cents. -
tlaiik Shares 1 .70 _ Ifi7.'i
. .

Ano In-Russian Loan 10,3i,', .05%
liwisi4i] 0 per (''nt. tat series, Curtiticate
inscription, Ist Scrws
Russian 5 per Cent. Hop, and Lo, 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto in Certilic:ites
Dutch _:anal Debt, 2% pc Cent 4,N, .
Ditto
--
l'obsh 13011d5 „, 143
New ticket
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per Cer•
NL., wegi an loan, 1834, 4 per Ciui:..... .
sp.nish,, New .11. e: Cents. _. _
-- .. rxCHn crx CP4 LONDON.
flsmiltqlo, Dr.c. 13 —l3 tA.—'rwo months. 13 1%.
,Tucsttot.m, Dec. IL—Seventy-five days, 11, 38.
I.EIPSIe, Dec. 14.—Two inn ths, 6. Mt,
VIENNA. Ore. 10.—Three months, 9. .1"N .
Purr ItSgUlt6ll, DEC. ti. —Two months, 3911 pence
Di RtsrlANIA. DEC. q.—Three months, 4 r,lB.
BR nmEN,QUEG. It —No months, 613.
PRUSSIAN FUN DS.— I.lmmis„ Dec. 13
Itints. Money
St. Schuh!. Sch., 4', per cent lies% 1,354
Prussian E.051] Loan, IRI4I, 4 per cunt.PS.)., 9:J5.4
I]:xerlsoge on I.godon, three months 6 16%
—Prussian Slate Gazelle, Dec :6..,,

THE CORN-LkliTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Wiltsldi e Independent OfilCe, Devizes, Dve. 23.
SIR,—In the Standard of Friday, the 18th inst., and
in the 7invs of the following day, is an extract from the
Devizes Gazette of the 17th inst., containing an affidavit
from a person named Dark, imputing to Mr. Sidney
Smith that he had at a lecture on the Corn-laws at Market
Marquis of Lansdowne was
w
a member of the Anti Corn-la
Lavington, asserted that the
League. I was present
at that lecture; and am quite ready to affirm that Mr.
Smith did nut say so, nor any thing that could be con_
itrued into it. Indeed the improbab:lity that he would
make a statement, knowing it to be false, and one which he
must know would not remain uneontradicted for a single
day, ought to exonerate him from the charge in the eyes
of all unpr.judieed person; ; but the Tories arc so exas-
perated at his success here, that there is nothing they will
not say or do to create a prejudice against him.
You will find in the Wiltshire Independent of yesterday,
a copy of which has as usual, been sent to you, a notice of
Mr. Dirk's affidavit,
in the last column of the second
page; and two separate declarations contradicting Mr.
Dark's statement in the sixth column of the third page.
I hr.vc the honour to be your obedient servant,
WILLIAM BURROWS.
(Editor of the Wiltshire Independent.)

The Cologne Gazelle contains the following letter :--
VIENNA, Dec. 1 I.—For some time past a great deal
has been said about our armaments, and all kinds of
reports have been circulated on the subject. Thus it
was lately pretended that Lieutenant Field-Marshal
Count Latour, had orders to proceed to May ence with
three regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, which
is abso.utely false. It is true that the armaments of
France oblige Germany to take measures of precaution.
It is solely with this view that it can be intended to
canton some regiments along the western frontier. But
till France shall have replied to the latest notes of
Austria and Prussia, and till General Hess shall have
returned from his mission to the southern States of
Germany, the troops will not even be exercised, though
it is true that the regiments have already been desig
tinted which are to hold themselves in readiness to
march.—Constitutionnel.

Tim • ITN, LONDON. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 96, 1840.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS Y.)

COLONIAL MARKET.

But few parties were in the market, and the amount of
business done was very limited in all articles. The arc.
vals were spntill from all quarters.
WHITECHAPEL MEAT MARKET.

The fupply was very smsll, and the trade was dull at
lower prices. The decline in Veal and Pork was Bd. per
stone; Mutton 2d. and Beef full 41.
WEIETECiIAPEL HAY MARKET.

The supply was very scan,y ; the demand has here
study, rrartieularly for the better quality, and prices were
well maintained, with the prospect of an advance. Clover.
5/. lbs. to 6/ ; 6lidriling, 51. to 5/ 104. ; Hay, 4/. 12s.
to 41 18s.: Middling and Inferior, 4/. to 41. 10c. Toe
up pl y of Straw was moderate, with a limited demand ;
prices from 325. to 345. per load.

Ll4O YD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

LCNDON, Drc. 26.—Wind this day at noon, light
;)reeze from the northward, with a sharp frost.
DEAL, DEC 24.—Wind E. S. E , moderate. 25, E. S. E.
lig►ht._Sa:lad the Roekliff, Harrison, for Ceylon; Lima,
Furd, Mauritius; Heron. Cacacc, Malta; Essex, Pakeley,
Launceston ; Principe Victoriosa, Rio Janeiro ; Syeford,
Stayncr, Grenada; Philadelphia, Stark, New York;
Maria, Collings, Gibraltar; Bailey, Sinclair, New Zu-
land ; AtlAs, Reynolds, J.tmaica.
LIVERPOOL, DEC. 24.—Wind E. fresh. 25, E. light.
--Arrived the Roscius, Collins, New York. Sailed the
Eliza, Woolley, Valparaiso; Franklin, Rogers, New Or.
leans ; Scotland, Robinson. New York ; Patriot Minin,
Tiedman, Havannali ; Messenger, Tailor, New o.lcans;
Congress, !Marshall, ditto ; Patrick Henry, Delany, New
York.

LiaisToL, DEC. 24.—Sailed the St. Martin, Vaughan,
for Savannah.

CLYDE, DEC. 23.—Arrived the Hero, Millar, from
Quebec. Sailed the Barlow, Nl`Callune, for Savannah ;
Mountaineer, Stickney, Charleston.
PORTSNIOUTII, DEC 25.—Wind E. N. E.—Arrived the
Peggy, Morgan, from Jamaica.
Cowes, Dec. 25.—Arrived the Charles Hendrick,
Valentine, from Monte Video ; Dolphin, Spille, ditto.
CORK, DEC. 23.—Sailed the Victory, Brooks, for Ber-
muda. A ship of about 500 toni, with painted ports and
loss of topmasts, was seen off Cape Clear on the 21st
inst , and was expected to get into Crookhaven.
WEXFORD, DEC 22.—A jolly-boat, of thirteen feet
keel, clinker built, copper fastentd, with stern out, green
bottom, four planks outsido black, and four inside top
planks green, nearly new, come on shore on the 19. h
nst. to the northward of the harbour.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We have no Liverpool letter this morning, conse-
quently we suppose there are no arrivals to announce.
(From the French Papers.)
The naval division under the command of Vice-
Admiral Mackau arrived before Monte Video about
the end of September, and M. Mackau appeared be-
fore Buenos Ayres on the 10th October. It is said
that he is the bearer of an arrangement, the terms
of which have been accepted by Rosas, therefore the
first packet boat expected in England will bring the
news of the affairs being adjusted between France and
the Argentine Republic.
A report prevails in Paris that M. Humann had re-
signed.

It is expected that the packet ship of the 13th (the
Sheffield) will bring the President's Me sage.

,
.01&:.

zifik sllll+
