THE RESIDENCE OF PANIOOR

is beautifully situated on a dry and healthy eminence, which
commands very extensive and varied views over the admired
vale of Hambleden, and a country abounding in picturesque
beauty. The most celebrated scenery on the banks of the
River Thames is also within easy reach. It is at present
in the occupation of the proprietor, is in perfect repair,
and lit for the immediate reception of a family of respecta-
bility, requiring a mansion on the scale of comfort rather
than show ; containing on the ground floor, a hall, 19
feet by 16, dining-rcom, 21 feet by 141, breakfast room,
14 feet by 14, drawing-room, 21 feet by 14-i, library, 16
feet by 111, excellent spacious servants' hall or principal
kitchen, china and store closets, back kitchen, pantry, cel-
lars, and all other requisite offices;
PRINCIPAL AND SECONDARY STAIRCASES ;
and on the chamber floor, five principal bed rooms,
exceedingly airy and pleasant, four secondary bed rooms
and two garrets.
Nearly adjoining the house are, a green-house, walled
garden, tool and seed house, excellent detached stables,
forming a range of building, with six spacious standings,
and harness-room in the centre, a double coich-honse at
each end, and servant's room, lofts, and corn-bins ex-
tending over the whole.

The House, Offices, and Stables are of the best descrip-
tion, no expense having been spared in their erection, and
are fitted up in good taste as regards both appearance and
comf)rt.

THE PLEASURE AND ORNAMENTED GROUNDS
about the house are well timbered, and sufficiently exten-
sive for the purposes of exercise and recreation, but at the
same time afford capabilities for much further improvement.
THE WOODS,
in addition to the beauty and comfort which they afford
as an appendage to the estate, possess in common with all
others in this neighbourhood the advantage of being
exempt from the payment of Tithes and Poor-rates, and
are panicularly adapted for the preservation of Game,
being for the most part detached from other coverts.

A. R. P. A. IL P.

The Home Farm consists of a farm
house, ample and commodious farm build-
ings, labourer's cottage, and Pasture and
Arable Lands, amouting to 203 1 11
Hyde Farris comprises a cottage residence,
formerly occupied by a small family of re-
spectability (now let as three tenements), a
very convenient suite of farm buildings, and
Arable Lands, amounting to 7B 1 13

FINSBURY DISTRICT REFORM
MEETING.-(THIS DAY.)

The inhabitants of the parishes of St. Giles and St.
George, Bloomsbury, St. Andrew and St. George the
Martyr, St. Luke, St. Sepulchre, St. James, Clerken-
wtll, St. Mary, Islington, &c. &c. forming the proposed
Fin.,bury District, met this morning, according to public
notice, in the field opposite White Conduit Bon e. Not-
withstanding the inclemency of the weather the concourse
was very great. Mr. Hume took the Chair a little before
two o'clock, in the absence of Mr. Byng, who teas pre-
rented from attending, and was addressing the meeting
when our Reporter left.

The resolutions to he proposed are exceedingly strong,
but we cannot find room for them to-day.
People were thronging to the meeting from all direc-
tions at two o'clock.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

UNION- HALL.

Yesterday a mm, named Comfort, war brought up in
custody, charged with attempting to cut his wife's throat.
The complainant stated, that she had been married
twenty-five years, and during that period she la.d had
fifteen children by her husband. Within the last few years
his temper had undergone an extraordinary change for the
worse, and be not only heat and maltreated her, but also
threatened to be her murderer. He was on the point of
carrying his threats into effect a few days ago by drawing
a razor across her throat, had it not been for the inter-
ference of a neighbour. who seized it from his hand, and
she escaped with a slight gash on her throat, the mark of
which, she said, was still visible. The complainant added,
that she was compelled to bring the present charge, other-
wise slaughter must ensue between them.
The Magistrate asked her what cause she assigned for
her husband's behaviour towards her? Mrs. Comfort-4
lay it all to that Duke of Wellington ; he will be the ruin
of him.

The Magistrate inquired what the Duke of Wellington
had to do with her husband ? Mrs. Comfort—More the
misfortune for me, my old man is never easy except when
he is in company at that blackguard Duke of Welling-
ton's. There he is morning, noon, and night, and when
he is away he is dreaming of that cursed Duke of Wel-
lington.

Magistrate--My good woman, I don't understand you
rightly. What do you mean by saying that you attrilatte
your husband's bad treatment of you to the Duke of Wel.
lington? Explain your'elf. I suppose your old man. as
you call him, would not spend so much of his time at his
Grace's, unless he were occupied in some capacity about
the stables, or elsewhere.
Mrs. Comfort—About the at Hes, your Worship! He
has no employment in the stable ; I wish he had ; he is
never out of the tap room.

Magistrate—Oh, I understand you now ; then your
husband, it appears, is fond of the ale-house ?
Mrs. Comfort—He is in truth, Sir.
Magistrate—And the house he frequents is called the
Duke of Wellington ?
Mrs. Comfort answered in the affirmative, and said,
that if she could only sever the connexion between her
husband and the Duke of Wellington she knew she should
be happy once more. She never knew what a day's
pleasure was since her old man associated at the Duke's.
There was a spell on him ever since, and she was afraid that
he would either cut his own or her throat before be stopped.
The MAGISTRATE said the defendant ought to stop at
home with his family, instead of spending all his substance
at the Duke of Wellington. If he frequented the house as
his wife stated, it would eventually bring down misfortune
on him and all his family.
The defendant contended that there were faults on both
sides, and said his wife irritated him a good deal by drag-
ging him away by the scruff of the neck from the Duke of
Wellington. He was fend of spending his evenings in
good society : but his wife—and he could not tell the rea-
son—had a strong aversion to the Duke of Wellington, and
this feeling had of late increased so much, that she could
not bear to hear the name mentioned.

The MAGISTRATE said it wa• no wonder for her to be
dissatisfied with the Duke of 'Wellington, especially as her
husband epent so much of his earnings there, and after-
wards ill-treated h's wife. The defendant was then held
to bail for the assault, and in default was locked up.

BURICF,'S PEERAGE AND BARONETAGE.—
The new edition of this established manual of rank and dis.
will
Thepres
Peeragesent, weunderstand,under
:severalion
before
e newfore
tfehaet features
House
attraction. c
Lordst in
h
ave been minutely detailed in it, with a full explana_
tion of the claims upon which the respective petitioners to Par-
liament seek the restoration of suspended honours, Numerous
historical and biographical anecdotes, and several curious and
rare papers, will also be found to contribute a large share of
amusement to this most useful compendium.
CONSTANTINOPLE, MAY 14.—The Grand
Seignor this day inspected a body of Janisaries, ih the gardens
of the Seraglio, assisted by the Aga Pacha, the Cadi, Chief of
the Eunuchs ;he who attends the bedchamber), ace, It is said
that his sublime Highness expressed his gratification at the
ease with which the troops performed their different evolutions,
and expressed an opinion that the new epaulet by giving an ap-
pearance of breadth, would supersede the necessity of hearts, and
produce a due effect in bringing the refractory to obedience,
The Cadi (in the true spirit of the lawyer Machiavel, who is
said to have invented modern discipline,) suggested that the
troops had better be kept out of sight until requirrd—to this
end they might be conveniently sent to prison. Ills sublime
Highness started at this proposal. Soldiers, he thought, would
not brook captivity, but marines might be brought from the
naval depot and lodged in the suburban gaol, as being more ac-
customed to confinement. Our modern Machiavel, the lawyer
soldier, assented; the people from whom he sprang, were for-
gotten, as must always be the case where reckless extrava-
gance riots on limited means, and leaves public plunder the
only resource against absolute want. The troops, it is said,
would have been inspected on public parade, but there was a
want of pluck in the proper quarter.

THE PEERS AND THEIR FAMILIES.
At the present moment, when the families and reciprocal ties
of the higher Members of the Aristocracy are the subjects of so
much inquiry and interest, theappearance of Mr. Burke's" Dic-
tionary of the Peerage and Baronetage," in a new and much
amplified and improved edition, must be regarded as particu-
larly opportune. The fund of minute Information now con_
centred in this work, with respect to all the families of most
connexion, and completes its
elevated station in the kingdom, renders it in some measure z
ckbe,iy
otoulthanediniotri:g.accacieksnw
of
o political onnexion,
!edged utility as a book of reference.

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 17, me.

Her MAJESTY, pursuant to notice, held a Draw,
ng-room, this day, at two o'clock, which was bui
:hinly attended.

Earl GREY and his lady were recognized in the
Park, proceeding to the Drawing-room by the
crowd, who received them with loud huzzas.

Yet a few hours, and the state of torturing sus.
pense and anxiety in which the whole country has
been placed for the last week, will be brought to a
conclusion. This conclusion, we have every reason
to believe, will be a fortunate one. If otherwise,
then, we say, let the Anti-Reformers look well to

the consequences! But they know better than to
drive twenty-four millions of people to desperation.
Though they may intrigue, and cajole, and lie, and
menace, and protest, up to the latest possible mo-
ment, yet, when they find that their every mataeuvre
is vain, they will surrender, one by one, all their
strongest holds, and fly from the field of action with

as much rapidity as they have entered on it.
But this night—this memorable night—will decide
everything. That which is now obscure will be
-then
made clear as the dawn, distrust w ill be converted
into confidence, doubt into certainty. On the re-
sult of this night's discussion in Parliament hangs
the mighty question of freedom or slavery through-
out Europe. There will be no half-and-half, no bit-
by-bit, no yes-and-no result. Earl GREY will either
resume office, or he will no'. If he do, he will
do so only on the express condition of being allowed
to carry the Reform Bill entire and unmutilated

into law, and thereby advancing the good cause
throughout the continent ; if he do not, it will be
because he is not partially, but wholly and entirely
defeated. This defeat will be that of Reform and
the people. For Lord GREY is now the people f,
He represents in his own person the majesty of the
British nation. He gives utterance in the House
of Lords to the wishes, the feelings, the prayers,
the remonstrances—and in case of need—the me-
naces of three kingdoms.

Will he flinch —will he doubt—will he compro-
mise—will he descend, even an inch, from his pre-
sent proud preeminence ? Never. He will stand
or fall with the people. His cause is theirs, their
cause his. Fall do we say ? No, no. This, thank
GOD, is impossible.
We exhorted the country yesterday to return to

its old habits of order and tranquillity, under the
firm conviction that its triumph i 3 secure. We this
day repeat the exhortation. But do we therefore
exhort it to be negligent or indifferent ? God forbid
It must still continue to watch, every man, at his
post, for circumstances change their character with
every passing hour; that which was clear yesterday
is dark to-day; and though the Reform Bill must
and shall pass, still the enemy have it in their power
to protract the moment of victory. They cannot,
it is true, vanquish, but they can at least retard;
they cannot crush, but they can at least tease.
But little need have the people of advice or exhorta-
tion from us. Their minds are unalterably made
up. They are rallying in all directions. They are
gathering in masses, each of which is in itself an army.
At Dublin—at Wolverhampton—at Lewes—at
Brighton—(under the very nose of Royalty)--at
Dumfries—at Glasgow—at Cheltenham—at Strat-
ford—Cranbrook—at St. Albun's—at Tring—at
Plymouth—at Peterborough—at Salisbury—at Staf-
ford—at West-Bromwich--at St. Ives—at New-
castle—at Litchfield—at Loughborough—at Wo-
burn—at Melksham—at Perth—at Kettle—at Not-
tingham—at Pai,ley—at Falkirk—at Dundee—at
Kirkaldy ;—at all these, and a hundred other places,
that we cannot stop to particularize, the
people are turning out by thousands. It was
on Monday last that the majority of these
meetings were held; on that day, therefore, not less
