THE SUN.

SOLENCQUIS DICLRL lALIUM AUDIAT

L 0 N D 0 .N,
TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1808.

Oar Readers will find in the Extraordinary Ga-
zette of Saragossa, of the 3d. inst. which we this
day lay before them, an account of an attack upon
that City by the French on the Ist and 2d inst.
in which they were repulsed with considerable loss.
The amount of the French force is not stated, nor
is the name of the General by whom they were
commanded mentioned. The possession of Pampe-
luna
,enables the French to .pour their Troops into
Arragon, and the possession of Saragossa is an objea
of so much importance to them, that they will of
course make every effort to obtain it. The Spanish
Gazette does not contain any details, we are there-
fore at present unable to speak with any precision
upon this subject. This faa, however, is certain,
and is an auspicious omen for the Spaniards.—Bno-
NAPARTE does not proceed with his accustomed ce-
lerity. He finds that the resistance which he has
met is not partial, but that the spirit of an enraged
People is against him. They treat with contempt
and indignation the right to take possession of their
Country, which he pretends to have derived from
the compulsory resignation of that part of the Royal
Family which he has entrapped into his power, and
they will not tamely submit to the controul of the
lOw-born Usurper whom he would force upon
them. As these sentiments have been so nobly
manifested by a general impulse of the Spanish
People in all quarters, the French Tyrant finds
it absolutely necessary that he. -should pause in
his career. That he will employ all his time in
colleaing a formidable power, in order to over-
whelm the Patriots, cannot be doubted ; but we
have the'satisfaaion. of knowing that the Patriots
are as zealous to maintain their freedom as he is to
enslave them, and that they are Using all possible
means to assemble and organize a power -capable
of resisting him. They know, too, that every
thing depends on their firmness and unanimity,
and they have to guard against the artifices as
well as to contend against the strength of their
enemy. They know, too, that their cause is suffi-
cient to give animation to all who support it, that
they have the wishes of mankind in their favour, and
that their Enemy is held in universal detestation, a
detestation that admitted of no addition, even from
the base attempt which he is now making to reduce
a people to bondage who have never offended him,
and ' who are only contending for their essential
rights. We, therefore, confidently repose in the
'ultimate triumph of their cause ; nor shall we be at all
discouraged by any partial obstruction which they may
encounter in the prosecution of it. Their natural
resources are great, and they are sure of all the
assistance and support which this Country can afford
them, It will be impossible for the Tyrant, with
all his vigilance and caution, to keep France in ig-
norance of the glorious spirit which has roused the
Spaniards, and of the successes of the latter ; and
thdugh the servile Journals of Paris may call those
Patriots by the name of Rebels, such a term ap-
plied to a People who are aduated by a genuine
attachment to their legitimate King, can only
excite disgust and indignation in the People of
France; nor can their Oppressor exped that
he will be permitted to drain the population of
which he is the immedate oppressor, in order to
fight the mere battles of ambition, in order, by sub-
duing ail other Nations, to confirm the slavery of
their own. Besides, Portugal also is resolutely
throwing off the chains he had imposed on her, and
he will find work enough on his own hands in
other quarters. Is it to be supposed that this wicked at-
tempt to dispose ofa People,after kidnapping their la a'
I.'ll Rulers, will be viewed with tame forbearance by

the Rulers an.cl the People of other States? No !—Such
condua is an appeal to man in all parts of the World,
andthey must impatiently wish for the downfall of a
Despot whose ambition has no limits. In a short

time.we may exped to obtain authentic information
from our Fleets and Armies employed in one of the
most glorious enterprizes in which they were ever
embarked, and in the mean time we shall freely in-
dulge the hope that the tidings they will send will
be such as, while it gives a peculiar triumph to this

Country, will be gratifying to all mankind.

The Transports with the Troops on board yes-
terday dropped down to St. Helen's, having com-
pleted their provisions and water, and it was sup-
posed that they would sail this day.

The celebrated AARON BURR arrived in England
in the last packet from America. He had .giver
bail to the amount of 10,000 dollars, to take his
trial for a misdeMeanor, in Kentucky. He did not,
however, think proper to wait the event, but quitted
New York under a fiEtitious name. It hai been
said, but we believe without foundation, that he
came to this country for the purpose of concerting
another attack upon South America, with General
MIRANDA. If that really were his °hied, the
.
events that have recently occurred in Spain must,
of course, put an end to every such projeet.

In the course of the Debate which took place on
the 2d inst. on the mot ion made by Mr. SHERIDAN
for appointing a Special CommissiOn to inquire into
and inspe& the condition and government of the
State Prisons and other Gaols in Ireland, and also to
examine into the condua of those entrusted. with
the rule and government of those Prisons, it was
asserted by that Gentleman that no trace could be
found in the Vote Office of a Report which the
Chancellor of the Exchequer stated had been made
in July 1804 (and which was afterwards presented
to the House), by the Lord Chief Justice Downs
and two other Judges, to the Earl of HARDWICKE,
then Lord Lieutenant of Ireland,, who, in cous;e,
quence of a representation being made to him_
through a highly respeCiabie channel, that certain
abuses did exist in Kilmainhatn gaol, requested the
•
Lord Chief Justice to select two other Judges, with
a view of making the most minute and' impartial
inquirieS into the state of that
.priSon, as well as
into the condua of the individuals who had the im-
mediate supetintenclance of the State Prisoners.
We have taken some pains to inquire -into the
correaness qt' Mr. SHERIDA N't; assertion, and we can
assure that Gentlenian, and our Reade rs, that the
Report in que,tian does, exist ;• and feeling, as we
do, the propriety of putting the ,public in possession
of that document, we propose giving a portion of
it each day, till it is completed. •
We.feel this to be the more incumbent on us,
as we understand an lion. Member during the dis-
cussion ',vent so far as to state, " that if there was
any such decutnent as that referred to._ by the
CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER, there was some-
thing very mysterious about it ; and that if it.exist-
ed at all, it had been kept from the view of the Le.,
gislature in a very snug and clandestine manner."
Now we can assure our Readers that nothing
can be more unfounded than this insinuation, for, on
a reference to the Votes of 1805, we find that on
the 2gth April of that year it was resolved that an
Address should be presented to His Majesty for lay-
ing the Correspondence between the Lord Lieute-,
nant and the Judges, respeaing Kilmainham gaol,
before the House, and that, on the 3d of May
following, Mr. VANSITTART presented the different
Papers, which were ordered to lie on the table and
to be printed, which they accordingly were.
We have been induced to• say thus much on the
subje&, conceiving, as we do, that the misrepre-
sentations (wholly unintentional, we believe,) which
Were made on the occasion should be correEted, as.
they tend not only to atiliel the honour and justice
of Lord HAays,vtetaa's administration its Ireland,
but also the character of the Judges who made the

inquiry.
With respe& to the mode in which the inquiry
was made, we cannot do better than refer our Read-
ers to the Papers. We are confident-they will find
that it vas conducted with all the imp'artlaliti
which the occasion required, and which -might be
expeled from the situation and character .of those.
who undertook the investigation.

Last Sunday evening their MAJESTIES any the
PRINCESSES walked on Windsor Teriace, but soon
returned to the Lodge, on account of the extreme
wetness of the weather.

yesterday morning his MAJESTY, and the Prin-
cesses SOPHIA, AUGUSTA, and AMALIA, accom-
panied by Lord WALSINGH AM, Lady ISABELLA
THYNNE, Count MUNSTER, Cienerals CARTWRIGHT
and FITZROY, Colonel* TAYLOR and DESBOROUGH,,
took an airing in Windsor Park, and returned at 6A/0-
o'clock.

The anniversary of the memorable battle of Ems-
dorti, July 16, 1760, in which a strong division of
the French army Was totally defeated, and T6OO pri-'
soners, nine pair of colours, and six pieces. ot rair.!
non. were taken by the 15th (King's) Light Mt..'
goons, was ce!ebrate4 by the detachment of that
regiment staConect at Norwich,
