ATLAS ASSURANCE CONIPANY.

LIFE DEPARTMENT.
tbERSONS assured for the whole term of Lifes
Lwill have an ddition made to their Pulicies every
14ve, nth Year, on the principle so belveficiaily practised- till
thereof
pter:;:liantiliii
tin the Equitable Assurance Office; or the amount
be applied in reduction of the future pa}Menti
Policies may also he effected for the whole term of Life, on
:411 Pecilliar to this Office, whereby the Premium is pay-
le L ,et a fixed ntimber of years only.
FIRE DEPARTMENT..
° toff or 3001. and upwards will be entitled,, under the
Assorance practised Cy this Office, to participate
bathe surplus Premiums every fifth year, provided-no claim
asbeen made for loss.
Proposals fully. explanatory of the principles and rates of
Lo °ropily may be had at the principal Office Cheapside,
rid°h. and of the several Agents in the Country.
- HENRY DESBOROUGH, Jun. Secretary.
ebeapside, London, July 28, 1820.

SOLICITORS, BANKERS, AND OTHERS IN THE

COUNTRY.
A Gentlemen who a rare
willing to act as Agents for the Atlas
c'ssurance Company are requested to address their application
the Secretary, at the Office in Cheapside, accompanied
'nth a reference to persons in London.

W MOUTAIN and Co.
•
AItACEBY N'S HEAD INNS, SNOW-HILL. LONDON.
THE following POST-COACIIES, MAIL-
.
COACHES, &c. set out from the above Inn :
P
ost BRONIPT
Criach Chatamor% n Roatchester Half-past Four. and Gravesend New
'Fare in-,
e' every Altehr:nut side Gs.
)1, Penryn, Truro, Bodmin, Liskeard, Ply-
outh, Totness Newton Bushell, Exeter,
(,_,ll"7"ills'ott.)itutic.l"DorcYhester, Dartmouth, and Salisbury, new Post
it-u'ol, every morning at Seven ; through Honiton, Axil ust ear;
--'1(loort Biandford, Bagingstoke, and l3agshot, arrives
IlYnioutl, the next
.evening M11:ill-past Eight.
Lynrington, Winchester, Andover,,lankd
rasingstoke w Fohr Inside Coach at half-past Seven o c
ii.",tl,,,e'Morninge, arrives atAhe Dolphin Inn, Southampton, hA
Past Fivelus Have
ili!nt Co:),
• 'anett tl Isle` Wivlitr Havre de Grace, Jers‘N,
run rt.of 6
r""
'' Maloes, Cherburgh, &c.
ATH and BRISTOL Flying Post-Coaches,, through Chip-
Penh
at MarArine;and Marlborough, every Afternoon; arrive
Tave aY'a, th
st re Ge
et, reyhand the ound InSwan,
nn, Bath,
.and the London-
Bristol, next Morn-
' pimouth°*-"Co Thomas-aches to Wells, Bridgewater, Taunton, Exeter, and
Nilhe
UMPIRE, a New LIVERPOOL Light Coach, only one
en the Road, carrying Four Insides and Four Out-
,' • es, sets out every Day, through Dunstable,
)"'Y., Northampton, Welford, Lutterworth, Hinckley,
TV•i—rst"e, Lichfield, Stone, Rugely, Newcastle, •Knutsford,
-'stone,
and Preston. . .
1-14EWSBITRY Wellington, and Shilfnal, Post-Coach,
"e
at Five ' • 1 d.
vcning Five o clock.— -mart e r
Vn ri,XMOUTH,Dercheste.r, Blandford,Sa tsbury , Andover,
-,uasingstoke, new Post Coach, every Afternoon. The
40:54"-iauth Packets to Guernsey, Jersey, Cherhurg, St. Ma-
s,
.
‘,IgEOS new l'gh t Coach, called The Rockingham., sets out
lat Eight o'Clock; carries Four Insides only,
g`'es remarkably easy, with a Guard, throughout. Passes
Stamford, Newark, Retford, Doncaster, and er,l y-
viiiger to the Golden Lion, Leeds, next morning.
the uncommon Expedition of this Coach, is
yot-
t)...e''' to be the most agreeable and complete Public Con-
er,""lee on the North Road, being uoequalled by any othe.r., •
b "*L4SGOW, Longtown, Gretna-green, Annan, D..uinfriesi,
aor„bll,-Thornhiil, Sanquhar-Kiln, Cannioek, hingswel ,
t,"„ti Parts of Scotland, a Post Coach (daily).
ea,,,"'KKr Scarborough, Whitby, Shields, Sunderlaml, New-
throe' and Edinburgh, New Four Inside Coach, with a Guard
for-a"„llaut; sets Out every Morning hy way of Newark, Bet-
-, adcaster, Darlington, Northallerton, Durham, Mot-
at tile mid Berwick. Passengers finding themselves fatigued
Proceedjottrhey, may rest. what time they please, and then
mik„,oll without any. additional Fare.
•thr,„ BOROUGH and Swindon, new four-inside Coach,
,
Aldbourn, Reading,. Lambourn, PUrton, Lydington,
Y, Wootton Basset, Ramsbury, -Hungerfordy and New-
14TA,rerY Morning.-
g'",ENowni & Walsal Post Coach, every evening..
°-"N, Spalding, Peter borough, Stilton, and Hunting-
%T.?, RoYal Coac,' every Evening lo Spilsby, Louth,
ensl,Y, and .
Co.,A,RLISLE, Penrith, .and Whitehaven, Four Inside Post,
At: Coach and Guard all the way, passes through Brough,
\V-,,i)ebY, Greta-bridge, Richmond, Catterick, Boroughbridge,
f,",`Ptnerhy, Aberford,'Doldvster, and Grantham. Scis out
' Morning and plWarnis the journey with great
11.1e-ultY*- Passet:gers detained on -the Road. I.q business or
etire'*"..e, have the peculiar advantage of their Seats being se-
. KEK,II the next Coach.
~7,!'-'„AL, Lan nster Preston, Kirby-LOnsdale, Bolton,
-loon, J, viruskirkt:and Garstang Post Coaches, every After-
LIVER'OOL, Warrington, Knutsford, Stone, Statio.rd,
rd to
theirehOeld, Post Coach, The Defiance, every .Eci.l.eunarrncif
ti,:s.avacen's Head Inn, Dale-street, Liverpool,—
CIA E.I.',,F,IELD Post-Coach, every Morning, _
North,:i'Al'-R, Newport, Whitchurch, Taroorley, Nantwich,
~,„SUNW.', and Middlewich Post-Coach, every Evening.
alor •
zil'lttAND, Stockton, and Tartu Coach. every
Niitit\!,-,,,,t/ the George Inn, Sunderlan.
arid BTER, Winslow, Cungletou, Newcastle, Walsal,
SI~EF•
pton, Yost-Coach, every Afternoon. Guarded.
init,haZl:!l:,L,D and Rotherham Post-Coach, called the Rock-
.,-t) Morning.
After,
"HAM Post Coach; Guarded, sets
.out every
PassesT)u, and reaches Birmingham next day at Noon.—
' Ile"; )1-I"Varwick, Leamington and Daventry, to the Sa-
-ead, Bull-street, Birmi'n.rharn.-
eoavti'l,, Northcave, Howden, Thorn, and Doncaster, Post
Islarke't!YerY Morning at half-past Six, to the Cross Keys,
Hull. 1 ,01.1:n;viir.,!Rul,Zc)ehaalt,iltitzare, Sandwich, Ramsgate,Cant erburYi
Rochester, and Stroud, Post-Coaches,
IlEa.^,',"ooll, and Night. •
verym,l,ll,l9RD, Ware, •Holdesdon, and Chesbunt Coach,
Elalf_• ;T0.,„
/NH AM and Edmonton Coaches (daily), at Eleven,
. WPastt 'two, Five, 'and E o'Clock.
.etie,,,i'laptiUNTAlN and Coo.. respectfully acquaint their
any d the Public, that they will not he accountable for
le°gittiot::',tirtereelds.lasPsaisiscehn,ger's Luggage, Writings, plate, &c. for
en!lalk rye Pounds Value, if lost, stolen, dr damaged, un-
and the Insurance paid for accordingly
atacerr's Head Inn, Snow-hill, London.
•

This Day was published,

:11 2 Vols. Syn. price 11. Is. hoards, with a Portrait engraved
by Fittler, the !Second Edition, of the

IFE of WILLIAM, LORD RUSSELL,
ALI With sonic Account of the Times in which he lived. .
By LORD JOHN RUSSELL.
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown, and
J. Rid;way, London.
Also just published, tie Third Edition, in Eivo. price Its.
The LIFE of LADY RUSSELL, by the Editor of Mad. chi
Detfand's netters, with Letters from Lady Russell to her
Husband, Lord Russell; some Miscellaneous Letters to and
front Lady Russell, &c. &c. front the originals in the Possession
of the Duke of Devonshire.

THE QUEEN.

MIDDLESEX MEETING.

Yesterday a Meeting of some Freeholders of
the County of Middlesex was held at the Mer-
maid, Hackney, pursuant to a Requisition pre-
sented to the Sheriff, in order to consider the pro-
priety of voting an Address of Condolence and
of Congratulation to the QUEEN.
At one o'clock Sheriff PARKINS, accompanied
by his Under Sheriff PULLEN, followed by Mr.
P. MOORE, Alderman Wool) leading in Dr.
I'ARR, and Alderman IVAITIIMAN, entered the
room.

Sheriff PARKINS addressed the Meeting in a
tirade against Newspapers, and against the un-
faithfidness of Reporters of Newspapers, and
begged to read what he had to say to them to avoid
.misrepresentation.
Mr. P. MOOItE had always been most happy
to meet his brother Freeholders, whenever they
met to discuss .their own. affairs ; and in conse-
quence of an accident which had befallen those
who were to. have presided at this Meeting, at
this short notice he had to call their attention to
the noisome, scurrilous, false, filthy Green Bag.
(Applause.)—The Queen, God protect her !
(Amen, Amen !)—was only the means through
which they Were to defend their own liberties.
If this Bill.of Pains 'and Penalties, which he
would call a Bill of Falsehoods and Perjuries,
should pass,- he.would say.it would be a disgrace
for any man to•sit in the. House of Commons. It
would be better to have no House of Com-
mons, than that it should be made a means of
legal oppression. He had seen a number of.
Green Pags before this accursed one ; so that it
was not this, but the system of Green Bags,
which they were to look to ; and if they were
to be continued, they would soon have
nothing
of the Constitution but the name. They all
knew the Civil List by name ; but it was, as the
American General Lee said, in his letter to the
King of Poland, the means of bribing the House
of Commons. Whenever money was wanted for
the Civil List, a Green Bag came down, which
was referred to a Committee of the very men
who wanted the money. The Sovereign- had
as good a heart as any man that ever existed,
but he was kept in darkness. The Green Bag
which brought about the suspension of the Habeas
Corpus, was, he. hesitated not to say, as false and
filthy as any that had gone before. The Man-
chester business had a Green Bag of a different
kind, not sealed ; but not without papers from
runners, Magistrates, spies, -informers, and he
knew not who all. He would say of this Green
Bag, that instead of sending it to a Select Com-
mittee, let them at once turn it upside down, and
write " Guilty" upon it. Then let them look at
the Church ; some of those churchmen, who
should administer justice, comfort, and protec-
tion to the distressed and persecuted, were the
supporters of this illegal proceeding; for they
were now going to make laws to try their illus-
trious Queen, and to hide their own iniquity.
The House
of Lords were.to examine witnesses

to prove the preamble of this Bill, in the same
manner as they-would that of a palt4T Inclosure
Bill. A high Judge had said, she. was entitled
to no morel consideration than the meanest sub-
ject. On that head he would join issue with
him; but let her have all that would be given to
the poorest subject.—(A.pplause, increased by
the entrance of Burdett and, Ilobhouse.)---lle
could give up the informalities of wanting Grand
and Petit Juries, want ,of an indictMent and Wit-
nesses on the back of the• Bill ; but he wanted to.
know where was the accuser. It was said to be
the public ; but the whole people of England gave
the lie to that, and it was only a few Cabinet
Ministers who were arrayed againSt the Queen
and the public. In 1806, one-and-twenty Arch-
bishops, Bishops, and Ministers, advised the un-
natural disunion of a mother and daughter. That
proceeding was connected with the present MT=
quitous Green Bag ; and if such things were con.;
tinned, there would soon be, an end of all law
and the Constitution. Ile eulogised the hum-
bler Clergy, as the only true support of the
Church of England. If the Church is to be pro-
faned by polLics, look for another; for 'such
dignitaries of the Church would, if they could,
establish an Inquisition, or revive a Star Chamber
in England. If they protected the laws they
would protect the Queen ; they would shew
themselves Britons, and sheW themselves worthy
of such a Queen.—(Applause.)
Under Sheriff PULLEN then read the Resolu-
tions.

Dr. PARR seconded the first Resolution.

Mr. MILLS, of Bristol, read a Petition, which
he had prepared to the King, calling him to in-
stitute an inquiry into the conduct of his servants
with respect to the Queen. This however had
no result.

An Address was then read to the Queen, which,
with the Resolutions, was unanimously agreed

Mr. S..C. WHITBREAD believed he should not
do right in objecting to go up with the Address
to the Queen ; but fortunately for him his opi-
nions coincided with theirs. Ministers would
accuse them of endeavouring to raise a tumult in
the country ; but those who would so accuse
them, had themselves so long oppressed' the
Country, that they at last thought they could
tyrannise over their Queen also. But that they
`►vould not be suffered to do, until they had ef-
fected an uncommon change 'in the good sense of
the people of England. Ministers were totally
beaten in the House of Commons, and he gloried
in it. The last they said to them was, "we
cannot manage you ; and therefore we must take
our darling Green Bag to a more complying
House." He believed that MinigterS-would like
nothing better than to see a riot in the Country,
that they might make still more restrictive laws.
He concluded by stating that Mr. Byng was
abroad with his family. .

Mr. MILLS now proposed an Address to the
Ring.

Sheriff PARKINS said, he was sorry he could
not put this Petition; as there was nothing in the
Requisition embracino- a Petition to the King.
Mr. MILLS. said, that the Requisition was so
worded as to embrace this question.—The Re-
quisition was then read, but
Mr. Sherjff PARKINS remained of the same opi-
nion ; and therefore it was withdrawn.

Mr. Alderman WAITIIMAN had had no inten-
tion of addressing them that day, not from any
unwillingness to the cause, but because having
taken a prominent part in the politics of the City
of London, he had left those of the County to
abler hands. lie rose to propose a Petition to
the House orLords. If even this question re-
garded the Queen alone, and not the liberties of
the country, it would be inconsistent in them as
Englishmen to stand by and witness the perse-
cutions, oppressions, and insults offered to the
Queen, by making a law to create a crime in the
first place; and to punish it afterwards. If there
be guilt, the conduct of Ministers had driven her
to it; for they had done every thing to destroy
all love of character in her. If this species of
proceeding be allowed, there' would be an -end to
all law, and to the Trial by Jury. If they
shewed they had no feeling on this subject, it
would prove that they had no feeling for the fe-
male sex—no regard for those rights which their
ancestors bad left them, and of which they would
then well deserve to be deprived.

The petition to the Mouse of Lords was then
read, which was founded on the Resolutions, and
was carried unanimously.

Sir F. BURDETT (amidst loud applause) said, he
arrived late last night-itr town ; he had hoped he
would not have been called to say any thing on
this exhausted topic ; yet from the respect which
he felt for the Freeholders of Middlesex, he was
induced to say a few words on this occasion. It
was a matter of some risk nom to speak their
sentiments: for when men were Convicted now-
a-days, their punishment seemed to be rather the
paying off of old scores, than for the satisfaction
of
the various at-
thexStill,
ieennd:vhof justice.
ichfateh ad, in however, the
nn
cidents of his life, established betwixt him
coe
and the people of- England, he hoped he
should always have fortitude enough to main-
tain. Notwithstanding this was the seventh
year of peace, they saw the sword still brandish-
ed in the eyes of the people of England ;
and that Ministers could not, lay down their arms,
having no enemy to contend with but the peace-
able people of England. The land was covered
with barracks ; a strong army was kept up to
establish a Military Government; and the. Queen

was to be oppressed by secret inquiries and green
bags, as the people had already been. lie con.
tend&l that all preceding Rills of Pains and-Pe-
nalties, howiver unjust, never - reached to any
thing like the acme of "oppression which the pre-
sent proceeding went to. It would be absurd
fo.'' any one to say that this Was any thing like a
judicial proceeding. All the things they called
precedents were so many acts of tyrannical
power, which were used to wreak the vengeance
of the strong upon the weak; and which should
only be as shoals, to be avoided by any just and
legal Government. Henry VIII. had a short
way of getting rid of his wives, by getting Acts
of Parliament to cut off their heads ; and it was
only fortunate that the temper of the times
would 'not endure that now. lie then eulogised
the Queen for the firmness she had sheen during

her whole life, which had been one of trial and
misfortune. One would think that Ministers
were Jacobins in disguise, who wished to ob-
tain thg overturn of every institution in the
State ; for they were themselves teaching
the people how much they were to despipe
and contemn every thing of, station and of
rank. He applauded the Press of the country,
which Ministers had so strongly endeavoured to
bring over to them, or to stifle. Bat he did not
approve of the liberal press calling on the Attor-
ney-General to prosecute those who abused the
Queen ; for all falsehood and calumny tuned to

the advantage of the Person calumniated. No
man had ever suffered more severely by the Press
than he had ; but he took it all in perfect good
humour. An honest man needed not to fear such
attacks, if. false ; :but if true, he deserved it all.
He wanted to know who the Queen's accuser
was: It could not be. the King, for he must de-
cide on' this monstrous trial of his wife. Minis-
ters did not like the business -; but they must go
on with it, or lose their places. Then it was
the public against which the alleged-adultery of
the Queen had been committed ; but the public
disclaimed the Odious office .of accuser in this'
most monstrous case. He had never seen the
.fact.praCed in this light before ; but it was nei-
ther more nor less than this, that it was a trial
before Judges who must pronounce the Queen
guilty, or they would condemn themselves,' It
was absurd to say that the Queen was • going, to
be put upon her trial ; that which was to be put
upon its trial was the' Law of England. The
county could not stand higher in the eyes
of the' world than by defending the I've* ;
and its spontaneous defence of the oppressed,
and those who were illegally and unwor-
thily treated. lie was astonished that there were
Gentlemen in Englan4 who did not, for their
own sakes; endeavour to put a stop to these abo-
minable proceedings.. These Gentlemen were
digging a pit for liMited Monarchy. If they
were not as dark and blind as moles (While they
were about as dirty work too), they 'would see
that if they dug a pit for the Crown of the :
Queen, they might also be digging a pit for the
CrOwit of the King. 1t had been hypocritiCalty-
said, that the conduct of the• Queen on the Conn),
initaly, was dangerous to the morals - of: this
country. Iflorfeiture could take place for
iin-
moral conduct, he knew not who could con-
tinue to sit on a Throne—none surely, but a
very Saint. In warding off injustice from the
Queen, were only warding off tyranny and
injlstice fromthemselves. He would do nll he
could to promote a reform in Parliament, and
in the judicial system of the country, withont
which none in the land could be safe.
11Jr. Ho anousE (being loudly called pr) de-
clared himself, like his worthy colleagee,
nothing but substantial justice. The attack upon
the Queen Was only a continuation of those at-
tacks mile to 'accomplish open violence and in-

justice by open force. But the people of England
would entertain the same. affectionate feeling for
the Queen as before *these attacks were made

against her. The people of England had, wliat
he feared some Noble Persons had not, a con-
science, which taught them jot to stand tamely
by when their own rights or those of others were
attacked. Ministers said they would not go fur-
ther back than the Revolution for precedents ;
and he would recommend the people to go no
further back also ; and then they would find
precedents of the people having nobly got back
that of which they had been so unjustly deprlied.
Jie knew, however, that such measures Shorn
only be resorted to in the last extremity. Minis-
ters must sooner or later take the advice of the
people, or they would be forced to retract 'in
some other manner.
Mr. HANNIGAN moved a vote of thankS to Mr.
Alderman Wood, for going to the Continent and
bringing the Queen to this country.
Alderman WOOD said, he had strong reasons
for being silent on this subject; but no man
would have done otherwise than he had done,
had lie been in possession of the documents which
he posSessed. That Illustrious Person would
never perhaps have reached this country without
th assistance of some one ; for she was in the
• hands of Betrayers. Every day shelved her de-
fence to be so strong, that he thought it impos-
sible for the Parliament, notwithstanding its cor-
ruption, to findr,iker guilty. She was now in
the . highest. spirits; and within these 9.4 hours
he had heard her say that she would not ex-
change her situation with any woman in this
world. She was determined to go to the House
of ,Lords the first and every day of her trial. lie
then returned thanks to the Meeting ; which,
after having conferred the same honour on Sheriff
Parkins, separated peaceably,

LONDON JOURNALS,

[D.II LY EXTR4CTS.]

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS.

[Morning- Post.]
The late publication of Lord Jons RUSSELL
is justly considered not only it very weak prodUc-
tion, but one in the highest degree irregular and
Teprehensible. As the " illustrious" house of
Russell, however, founded its wealth upon one
innovation, it. May attempt to establish its repu-
tation for manners upon another.
,The puefile
Vetition is plainly intended for general adoption;
it is an addition to .the endeavours of Cobbett,
Wooter; and others, for preventing the trial
of the Queen. The Noble Lord says he (rives no
opinion " upon the guilt or innocence of her Ma-
jesty," and yet he recommends his Sovereign to
give up the whole point in dispute. There must
be no light degree of self-complacency in one who
t''an treat a sweeping demand of this sort as an
invention for smoothing dilliculties. To effect a
balance by throwing away the w.eights, would be
a rouilt mode of setting the scales of Justice ;
yet such is the sum and substance of Lord John
Russell's plan ; and thus it is that be would show_
us the art of negociatiou " made easy to the
nieanest capacity." The Queen is accused be-
fore Parliament by Messages from the King, and
a part of the evidence is tendered to them. The
House of Commons, moved in behalf of public
morality, propose a compromise—a something
like mutual concession. This expedient fails,
and then the sapient Lord John, finding the wis-,
dont of an immense majority of the House inef-
fectual, brings •in au adventure from his own
Store, and his ingenuity suggests that a complete
surrender of one of the parties shall be substi-
tuted for mutual concession or compromise!!
If Mr. Wilberforce do not recommend this, the
future historian is to inquire whether he did not
'" want the inclination" to prevent harm. So
Says one who would doubtless be thought a pre-
sent historian.—Thus peremptorily and flippantly
is the virtuously laborious, the purely indepen-
dent, the truly good and benevolent Mr. Wil-
berforce, accosted by a young champion of the
house of Russell, labouring to throw the shield
of popularity round the spoils of ten Abbies or
Priories, which should have been appropriated
'to purposes of public education or of some other
charity, while he indirectly favours the views of
those who avail themselves of the unhappy dif-
ferences in the Royal Family) to effect a dread-
ful Revolution in the State.

[Morning Chronicle.]
It is not in Europe only . that disturbance
threatens to spread itself. Scarce a day rises
without bringing us the account of some new in-
surrection. Our advices from the West Indies
inform us, that St. Domingo is menaced with all
the horrors of civil war. Sir Home Popham ex-
erted himself with great address and energy to
bring about an amicable reconciliation between
king Henry and Mr. President Boyer, but in
vain. The hostility between the Monarchical
an-1 Republican partisans of Hayti is implaca-
ble. ,The latter consider the former as in a state
of abject slavery ; and we have a letter, in which
it is said, that a general union might be speedily
elfc...cted, if the Northern Chief would conquer
the unhappy idea that he entertains, that he alone
is capable of ruling or entitled to rule over the
Hay teans ; but this idea he never will surrender
but to force, and the attempt will speedily be
made. The Republican force under Boyer
amounts to 35,000 men, not indeed well clothed,
nor uniformly armed, but all animated by the
notion, that they are about to rescue their fellow-
creatures from tyranny. Hostilities are expected
to break out in the present month of August, and
the war will be of the most horrible carnage.—
Bat though Sir Home Popham failed in his
anxious endeavours to reconcile the two Chiefs,
and to prevent a civil war, he completely suc-
ceeded with both in his negociations for an ami-
cable understanding with this Country, by which
no countenance should be given to runaway Ne-
groes, or to depredators, pirates, or deserters from
any of our Islands.

We cannot really bring ourselves to entertain
tli:t idea that our Government has been endea-
vouring to foment disturbances in Spain ; and we
are certain that such an endeavour would be
loadly condemned by the -people of England.—
But there are circumstances which certainly wear
.a very suspicious look. In the , first place, a
newspaper, supposed to have the confidence of
'Ministers, could not conceal the joy with which
it was filled by, the, account of this disturbance,
dignified by it with the title of Counter-Revolu-
lion. Then this said Counter-Revolution has
Inade its appearance on the frontiers of Portugal;
:and the Spaniards have always been looking to
that quarter with great suspicion. It is hardly
necessary for us to remind our readers, that the
present Government of Portugal has for some
'time considered itself every thing but secure, and
.that the proceedings at Cadiz filled it with ap-
prehensions of similar proceedings at Lisbon.—
The Spaniards therefore became apprehensive in
their turn that the Anglo-Portuguese Govern-
nr,ant would endeavour to prevent the success of
the Liberals in Spain, in order to discourage all
attempts at change in Portugal. Again it is said,
.that all the Insurgents " were armed with excel-
lent English muskets." Now, though we dare
say, from the number of muskets of English Ma-
nufacture, sent to the peninsula during the-war,
a. great number must still remain. there, such a
statement is, at all events, calctilated to strengthen
the persuasion of a. connection between the In_
~surgentS and England.---(/bi4.),.

The following is an Extract from the Letter
of an enlightened Writer and.true Friend of Li-
berty in Friuce, which has been communicated
to ns.—

‘.! PA.R ts, ---,—. •
cc What can I say to you of our political affairs—they in-
spire me with the deepestdisgust Ffauce is a'rnbUtt, body,

turerest wilb.Vcrotio, that suclt its Mood, istulite It, and ill i-
tate it. On the first movement that it shall !Liaise this vermin
will he crushed. But this movement must be inadv; tinl the
nation alone can make it. Its Couticillors have i riot tolnake
it understand this, lint they •cannot aid it, being t liemsel vet
pinioned. . "
W i
Would yon believe, that in our late trial: n political
causes, the Jurymen have been ebesen here and t het e, front,
the men of the party oppOied to'the Persons accuseAand
especially from among their personal enemies ! The Pre:feet
dt
has not feared to write to the twelve Adjuncts tftilLie.luts
•in different quarters of Paris; to-tiiaki the sett.. oh Wi I cart.
Every challenge was illusory. Pensions an iromotion ale
given to the judges and substitutes, in proportton to the sere-.
city of the sentences in political causes. Bonaparte submitted
the administration of justice to the discretion 'ot the Govern-
ment, and all the agents of the Guveroment in the Adminis-
tration are become agents of Police. To ad otinistei in France
is now to carry on the Police for the profit of the Government,
and nothing else.
" By the terms of the law the Journals alone .should he
submitted to censorship. In point of tact all other writings
are submitted. Ili tore publication five copies are deecisited.
If the writing is patriotic, the Government has it seized, and
thenceforth the sale of it is a aline. The,Government should
hi nig it before the nitwits s. It does not There are no
means of protesting against this. TO whom could one pro.
test ? It is hum the sulieriois themselves that the orders
complained ut issue. Awl, besides, the tribunals are lead)
to couderon those who ale piloted out to them, and acquit

host. who are protected.'
" Would to (hut that we had experienced a Waterloo fifteen
ve;lrS sooner titan we did ! ,The vermin would. have found
-Frauce.organized in aßepublican fashion. Ail our institu-
tions then were popular. 'flee vermin ‘yould nut have been
aide 10 10dgC I tielllie; VI'S ill thew: instead of th..t. they hate
tost.ed in the despotic institutions which have been fifteen
year, building; it has found agents thoroughlycort alined, and
a seat ion re plungeil in ignorance by a despot, who alone Si'ke.
to the people for titteen years.
" Pardon inc :it I let my bile floe before you. There is
enough to lie lititated at ; but the retuiddy perhaps is at the
gate."—(Azd.)
•,,,* if the foregoing hi a genuine Letter, ani if the Writer

has truly I cpresented the state of France and its Govern►nent,
we hope The .11orneicg Chronicle will profit by a contparison
between that Country and Great Britain, and not encourage
the Radical ltefor►ners u► their attempts to destroy by storm
or sap our glorious COnstitntion..

[Morning Herald.]

It has been stated, either as matter of fact, of
rumour, or of conjecture in most of the Papers,
That the death of her late Royal Highness the
Duchess of York would cause a further postpone-
ment of the proceedings against the Queen.. There
is no reason for further postponement on this ac-
count, if, as we are informed, the funeral of her
Royal Highness takes place on next Monday.
The investigation then, we understand, will com-
mence on the 17th, as already fixed. But it is
rumoured—for we, have nothing for it but ru-
mour—that a postponement of a few days will be
moved, in order to give time for the meeting of
the House of Commons in the interval.

[British Press.]

The interest of the Queen's trial increases
with its approach. Ministers have commenced
preparations for the accommodation of their Ita-
lian witnesses, although they had not time nor
inclination to provide any for the reception of
their Royal Mistress. The houses in Cotton-
garden occupied by Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt, Mr.
Ley,and other officers of the House of Lords, are
the places appointed for the use of these foreign
personages. The late occupants were obliged to
turn out yesterday, and their quitting upon such
_short notice produced no little bustle and confusion.
Cotton-garden is situate at the rear of the west-
ern angle of the House of Lords, to which it is
approached by a narrow passage from the, eas-
tern end of Abingdon-street. A situation more
completely isolated from public approach, and
more convenient for ingresS and egress to the
interior of the House of Lords, cannot be con-
ceived. It has been therefore most judiciously
chosen by Ministers for the seat of the Italian
witnesses, and at the same time furnishes a com-
plete answer to that part of the argument
against the Queen's request for a list of the wit-
nesses to be produced against her. Majesty,
founded upon the danaer of exposing them, if
known, to tampering and intimidation. Cotton-
garden is also the site of the newly-constructed
kitchens, sculleries, and other edifices necessary
for furnishing the grand dinner in Westminster
Hall on the ensuing Coronation. These works
were completed yesterday, and all further access
to the scene is now entirely cut off. The long
flagged passage from the western end of the House
of Lords by which the Westminster Scholars
have the privilege of access to their boats on the
river, was also blocked up yesterday by order of
Government. As soon as the new tenants begin
to arrive, a strong guard will be placed at the
entrance.

[New Times.]

The advises from Naples are to the 19th ult.
Several Sicilian Gentlemen there had declined
taking the oath to the new Constitution: Appre-
hensions were entertained 'that opposition would
be made to it by the great:proprietors. of Sicily,
who were attached to •the 'Constitution promul-
gated. under the authority •Of the British Govern-
ment, and founded partly on the ancient institu-
tions of the island and partly on those of Great
Britain. A dispute has occurred between the
Duchy of Oldenburg and the Free. Town of
Bremen, and war, or as •the Frankfort Papers
say,' " a kind-of war," has actually commenced
between, them: It seems that the Duke of Ol-
denburg • had stationed an armed vessel. at the
mouth of the Weser, for the purpose of visiting
and, searching ships suspected of having touched
at places infected by the plague. The people of
Bremen would not submit to this assumption of
authority, and some cannon shots have been ex-
changed between the Oldenburg ship and aguard-
ship belonging to -Bremen. Representations upon
this subject have been made to the Diet of Frank-
fort.

The Special Commission at Stirling closed on
Friday, when 22 prisoners were sentenced to
death. It is expected, however, that the Royal
Mercy will be extended to 20 of them, and that
Baird and Hardie only will suffer. Never was
the invariable impartiality and even-handedness
of the administration of our laws more strikingly
displayed, than in the trials of these individuals
for a crime, the magnitude of which surpasses
that of every other, both in the eye of the law

and of criSpOsiciiiAte reason: Vie Very (leniency
which spares the lives of so many offenders) and
the fairness of their trial render more striking
the enormous criminality of t4ir

•
[ I'ews Pith :.]
41.,f" undkltAtid,. -ZINI auilwrity, tha her,
Ma t 63 y ha`g"AdtiPths,MlStri ipdrltintNetttrlaLlte
King. Should it open the way toWarcis. an ad-
justment- of this deplorable question, We need not
say with what grateful feelings we shall commu-
'nicate the contents of it to our readers.

From the LONDON GAZI4ITTE of _Jag. 8.

Fordgx Off ce, -dug. 7, 1820.

The King has been pleased to appoint the gighf Honour-
able Purer Clinton Sydney, Viscount Strangiord,
(late his
,Niajety's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni•
pteentiary at the ('oort of Stoeldiolitt)f to be his Majesty's
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Sublime
Ottoman Porte. •
The Kind has been pleased to appoint Terrick Hamilton,
Esc}. to be Secretary to his Majesty's Embassy at the Sublime
Ottoman Porte.
The King has been pleased to appoint the Right II nonr-
able Wilfiam Vesey Fitzgerald to he his. Majesty's Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of
Stockholm,

MILITARY PROMOTIONS.
Commissiwn in the South .Hants Yeomanry Cavalry.—G.
Pitt ROse, Esq. to be Captain. •
Commission in the North ‘Vestern Regiment of Oxfordshire
Yeomanry Carat 11.7-Cornet the Iron. Francis George Spencer,
to be Lieutenant.
28th or Stirlingsbite,,&c. Regiment of British
Captain DUIICiUI Stewart, late of the 42d II:olioVent, treb'e
Captain, lice Doisie. resigned ;. Lite. John Graham, late of
701 Is Regiment, to be Ensign, vice Hill, resigned.
St it lingshire Gentlemen Yeomanry and 7"(klitut vet Cittalq.7-,
Major Wiiliam Murray to be Lieutenant• Colonel • Captain
Peter Speirs to be Major, vice Murray promoted; Lieutenant
Michael Stewart Nicolson, . vice Baird, resigned ; A e‘thibald
Edmo- stone. Esq. to be ditto ; Sir Salillld Stirlinc, Bart. to
he ditto; Cornet Henry Fletcher Campbell tube ditto ; Camp-
bell Riddell Gent, to be ditto; John James Davidson, Gent,
to he ditto; James Smith, Gent, to be ditto; James Smith,
Gent. to be Cornet, vice Wilson'. deceased John Corhet,
Gent. to he ditto; John Dunlop, Gent. to be ditto ; Michael
Bruce, Gent. to be ditto, vice Campirell, promoted.
