absent. He is proprietor of all the lands. Tie
was once Sovereig❑ ; but the sovereignty he
sold, in 1765, for 70,0001.,and afterwards an annui-
ty, in 1805, of 4,000/. We think Mr.. Peel is to be
pitied for his toil in adjusting the affairs of this
barbarous island. lie admits that it his ,;iven
him more trouble than all England. The Right
Hon. Gentleman hinted pretty plainly that the
removal of the Duke of Athol is essential to the
civilization of the Mullis.

[NEW TIMES.]
A letter from the Caraccas has brought the
question of the relative value of free labour and
slave labour to the test of experience, by refer-
ing to the practice of the newly established Re-
public of Colombia. In that country slavery is
still tolerated ; but the enfranchisement of slaves
has been carried so far in practice, that three-
fourths of the labouring- class are now free. It is
stated, as matter of indisputable fact, that the
free labourers do more work in a day than slaves.
Indeed it would seem extraordinary that in an
enlightened age of the world, in an age when the
principles of political economy form a very
general subject of study, any person could
be found to contest so obvious a truth. What
are the wages of labour? They must be ade-
quate to the support of the labourer, be he a
slave or a freeman ; and, generally speaking,
they will go but little further. The slave there-
fore must have his wages, though in another
shape. Ile must be supported ; and, the question
is, whether he will work as well when he has no
object beyond a mere support, and when that
object it secured to him without any extraordi-
nary exertion; as he would, if he knew that his
support depended on the exertion he might
make, and that there was a possible chance of
further benefits to himself from the fruits of his
industry.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
We have received the Singapore Chronicle,
published once a fortnight, from its commence-
ment on the Ist of January last, to the fifth
Number inclusive, and have extracted from them
a few articles, containing the information to which
Sir Charles Forbes alluded on Thursday night
in the House of Commons, respecting the attempts
of the Dutch on Borneo. This Journal promises
to be a repository of most valuable information
respecting that interesting part of the East, the
Indian dirchipelago.
( From the Singapore Chronicle)
The state of trade at Pontiana was dull, but
the arrival of the annual junks, five or six in
number, it was expected, would make it more
brisk. The import duties on Dutch and native
vessels in all the ports of Borneo, is six per cent.,
or if they have been imported from a Dutch
port, two per cent., on all European flags except
Dutch the imports are twelve per cent. The ex-
ports on Dutch and native vessels are six per
cent., if clearing for a Dutch port, and on fo-
reign European vessels 12 per cent. The duty
on English cottons and woollens is as elsewhere,
24 per cent., on the invoice price at 30 per
cent. advance—an exception is made in favour of
these, if imported direct from England, which
is of course inoperative as respects the present
commercial state of the ports of Borneo.
Borneo.—.By accounts; received, from Borneo
we learn, that the Dutch expedition, which
sailed last September into the Interior of that

island, up the river of Pontiana, to a distance of
more than 300 miles, had returned in the end of
November. The object of this expedition was to
reduce to subjection the hitherto independent
Native States of Sangao, Sintang, and Silat. In
this they were completely successful, the natives
having yielded without offering the least resist-
ance. The Netherland Government, by this
measure, become undisputed masters of all Borneo,
from the eastern confines of the State of Banjer-
massin to the northern boundary of that of
Sambas. This includes all the gold and diamond
mines of the island, and not only the Malays, but
also the Chinese, and Dayaks or aboriginal popu-
lation of the country within the limits above de-
scribed. The ports, which are now open to
European commerce are, Banjermassin, Pontiani,
Mompawa, and Sambas only.
Celebes, and the Eastward.—About one bun-

Bred Bugis prahus have come here this season,
from various parts of the Eastern Seas, being a
greater number than has ever visited the port
before, notwithstanding the civil war prevailing
in the interior of Celebes, which detained a con-
siderable number of them. The size of these
boats is from fifteen to one hundred tons, but
commonly from forty to fifty. Their crews
average from twenty to eighty men, and at one
period we had not fewer of these strangers among
us than from two to three thousand. They have
imported about 50,000 dollars worth of tortoise..
shell, and the usual articles to a considerable
amount. The greater number of them have now
left us. The articles of exportation, in which
they have chiefly dealt this year, are fire arms
and ammunition, white British cottons, born.
hazing, light broad cloths, opium, iron, and steel.
In the Governmeut Gazette on the Ist No-
vember, spices are permitted to be exported for
Holland, under certain conditions, by private
individuals. This may be considered as a first
step towards the introduction of a free trade in
these articles, which have been for so many cen-
turies subject to a rigid monopoly.

It appears that it was currently reported on
the Exchange at Paris, that a movement like that
at Lisbon, and in which the Infant, Don Carlos,
brother of the King, played the same part that
Do►► Miguel played, had broken out at Madrid,
and that this news had caused the Rentes to fall.
The Eioile denied the news, announcing that the
attempt of General Capape was abortive, that he
could only assemble some forty men, and that he
was taken to Aladrid to be tried.—(lbid.)

ATNEws.--A7G—qter receiiedat Boston from
an American lady now hi London, says," I have
been present at ' Mathews at Home,' since his
American tour, and was very agreeably disap-
pointed hi finding, in taking off some of our pe-
culiarities, there was nothing offensive to our
native country, although his performance abound-
ed with wit, drollery, and well-told anecdotes."
( Baltimore J.:Tornin4 Chronicle.)
