HIS MAJESTY'S SHIP NAUTILUS.

(From the Cork Reporter.)
MIRACULOUS Esca PE. —We have received the following
account of the miraculous escape of the Right Hon. Lord
George Paulet, Commander of his Majesty's ship Nautilus,
and boat's crew, from drowning, at Tarbert, in the river
Shannon, last month :

The officers and ship's company of his Majesty's ship
Nautilus were thrown into the utmost suspense on the
evening of the 19th of December, for the safety of their
commander, the Right Hon. Lord George Paulet, and his
boat's crew.
His Lordship bad been spending the evening with Com-
mander Radford, of his Majesty's ship Nimrod, and about
nine p. in. was returning to the Nautilus, when, owing
to the strength of the tide, on coming alongside, the bow-
man of the boat was drawn overboard, and by the time he
was picked up again, the boat was a considerable distance
astern : however, by getting in shore, they again succeeded
in reaching the vessel, and, to make surety doubly sure, so
far ahead that the bow of the boat caught the pee of the
anchor, and in consequence upset : his Lordship, together
vriththe crew, were immersed in water, and from the strength
of the tide, which had been tried not long before, and found
to run 7i knots (miles) the hour, was soon out of sight and
hearing of the Nautilus. Lieut. J. G. Dickson, with all
that recklessness of personal danger the true characteristic
of a British sailor, followed by Mr. R. F. Cleveland, mate,
and two or three others, jumped into the starboard quarter
boat, which was lowered into the water, and without acci-
dent, it is said to the imminentrisk of their own lives, because
the tide was running between seven and eight knots, and
all seafaring men must know it rather a ticklish business
lowering a boat when a ship is going between seven and
eight knots through the water ; and had any accident
happened in lowering this boat, every soul must have
.4 Perished, not having another boat to send to their
assistance.
' Although a moonlight night, from his Lordship and
boat's crew being immersed in the water to the neck, it
was impossible to discern them at any distance; there-
fore Lieut. Dickson thought it advisable to pull as much
as possible in the tide way, and after pulling and drifting
three or four miles, not seeing any thing of those in the
water, it was thought best to rest upon the oars and listen,
in hopes of being near enough to catch their cries: how-
ever, after waiting in this position five or ten minutes,
not hearing any thing of them, and when in the act of
giving up all hopes of their recovery, and returning to the
Nautilus, the cries were beard, and all hands rescued from
a watery grave.
Every sensitive heart may easily fancy the feeling of his
Lordship and boat's crew, when the boat coming to their
rescue lay on their oars ; and it may without any greit
stretch be imagined fit was the extraordinary effort made
by all hands on perceiving her about to pull away, and
abandon them to their fate, that succeeded in drawing the
attention of Lieutenant Dickson. Every one must envy
the feelings of Lieutenant J. G. Dickson, in being instru-
mental in saving the valuable lives of the four men, and of
his much esteemed and noble commander, whose loss
. would have been deeply deplored by those who have the
honour to serve under his command on board the Nautilus,
setting aside the national loss in so meritorious an officer.
Surely the conduCt of Lieutenant Dickson upon this
occasion, if duly represented to the Lords Commissioners
of the Admiralty, would be rewarded by his promotion
to the rank of Commander—little enough for saving five
valuable lives.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.—Mr. C.
1(i imar4 re-appeared here last night for the first time since
his late severe illness. The play was Romeo and Juliet.
hlisg KEMBLE was the fair heroine, and her father Mer-
clai°. Both were greeted with great applause by the
audience.
TATTERSALL'S.—Nothing fresh occurred
ber: Yesterday. Hargrave still has the call for the Derby,
was not backed. Minster was backed to a small
-4,ount, and can hardly be quoted at more than 18 to I.
, On Thursday, at nine o'clock in the evening,
tttl;',l than three couriers extraordinary arrived from
a„4 with despatches for the Spanish Ambassador ;
I,lleaterday his Excellency sent off one messenger to
1A1,7;
..-a second to Vienna, and a third to St, Peters-
-E°.French Paper.

•
?f = g
CJ
.74
Places. 1 A = E tf)
-7
E = • 5
'5 .-.—
Jan.
Newcastle 8 103 29 9 24 99 616 169
Gateshead
North Shields and
Tynemouth
Houghton—le—Spring
and vicinity BI 9 4 0 '2 11 64 26
Haddington, N. B.
and vicinity 7 15 1 2 2 12 39 13
Total 173 49 13 33 169 1105 362

(Signed)

WM. MACLEAN, Secretary.

We have been favoured with a copy of the
following letter from the Council-office. It is
highly gratifying:—

BOARD OF HEALTH, SUNDERLAND,
JANUARY 8, 1832.

SIR,—It is with unfeigned satisfaction I now transmit to you
by the direction of the Board the enclosed return, and which
will convey to the Central Board intelligence of the gratifying
fact that these towns are now wholly free from the disease which
has so long unhappily prevailed amongst us.
I am directed to add, that in consequence of this most favour-
able change in the state of the public health, the Board have
determined to discontinue their daily sittings, and to meet only
twice in the week, unless any particular circumstance should
arise to require their attendance more frequently.

I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,
GEORGE STEPHENSON, Secretary.

To W. Maclean, Esq.

We are requested by the Central Board of
Health, to give publicity to the following impor-
tant sanitary recommendations :

CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH, COUNCIL
OFFICE, WHITEHALL, JAN. 10, 1832.

The Central Board of Health most earnestly exhort Magis-
trates, Overseers, and all the authorities of parishes in the north
of England, to abstain as much as possible from the removal of
paupers, whenever their state of health is attended with suspi-
cious circumstances.

They further recommend that the health of all paupers and
vagrants who may come into any parish may be most carefully
attended to, and if any of them should be afflicted with symp-
toms of disease, that they may be lodged separately and sup.
plied with medical attendance and every thing necessary. In
cases of disease, it will be adviseable also that the bedding and
clothes should be placed in an oven or stove, heated to 21.2 de-
grees of Farenheit, or immersed in boiling water, as the most
effectual means of disinfection.
By order of the Board,
(Signed) WILLIAM MACLEAN, Secretary.

There has not been so much real stir in the
political circles for several years past as within
the last few days. Cabinet couriers of all na-
tions have been crossing and re-crossing the
Channel, and flying about in all directions in a
very unusual manner. There must be something
very important on hand to occasion all this bustle.
Several Cabinet couriers went across the Chan-
nel on Saturday, and five more followed on
Sunday. Indeed so urgent were the despatches of
Prince LIEVEN, that on Saturday the Russian
messenger crossed the Channel with them in an
open boat ; and yesterday another Russian mes-
senger followed. Messengers from the Austrian,
Prussian, and French Embassies, also went
over yesterday.
At Calais, on Sunday, the military were ac-
tively employed mounting cannon on the ram-
parts.

The decisions come to at the Cabinet Council,
held at the Foreign-office on Saturday, are sup-
posed to have given this extraordinary stimulus
to the march of diplomacy.

German Papers received this morning con-
tain an article under the head of Leghorn, evi-
dently got up by the Holy Alliance for the pur-
pose of throwing some obstacles in the way of
France, with respect to the occupation and coloni-
zation of Algiers. The Court of Sardinia is said to
have applied, or rather remonstrated to the Courts
of Europe, but more particularly to that of Eng-
land, on the subject, intimating that the posses-
sion of Algiers by France will not only destroy
the trade of Italy, but eventually give France the
ascendancy in the Mediterranean. But the
most absurd part of this very absurd affair
is, that Sardinia should wish for the restora-
tion of Algiers to its old regime of piracy,
subsidy, ransoms, and the protectorate of the
Porte !—the same Sardinia, whose vessels were
only tolerated in her own seas, by paying a
yearly tribute to the Prince of robbery, murder,
and Christian slavery. We must presume in
charity that the article is a hoax:—

VIENNA, Dec. 29.—Last week a Turkish Colonel, named
Achmed Nadir Bey, arrived here from Constantinople, to learn
the exercise of the Austrian troops of the line, which is a new
proof of the perseverance of the Sultan in his plans of Reform.

Accounts 'from Scutari, received by way of Trieste, say that
Mustapha Pachalwho had already embarked with his family, his
treasures, and a numerous suite, on his voyage to Constantinople,
has been landed again, quite alone, to be conveyed without cere-
mony to that capital, and this proceeding had excited doubts re-
specting his freedom.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.
Dec. 28. 29.
Five per Cents. B5 % 85;4
Four per Cents. 75% 75%
Bank Shares. ll5B 1154
Dec. 28.—The cholera, though nearly vanished, still lingers
here. Some new cases have occurred within these few days, as
appears from the following table :
On the 25th there were no patients remaining in the city, and
sixteen in the suburbs.
Cases. Recoveries. Deaths.
Dec. 26, in the city
in the suburbs 0
Dec. 27, in the city 1
in the suburbs 0
Remaining, in the city, 3—suburbs, s—total 8.

The explosion in the French Chamber of
Deputies, on the occasion of M. MONTA-
LIVET'S unfortunate expression of'' subjects of
Louis PHILIPPE," will have excited many a
smile from English readers, accustomed to dwell
rather upon things than words ; but it is, never-
theless, one of those incidents which are import-
ant, as straws that shew which way the wind
blows. It betrays a very slight acquaintance with

'French habits of thinking, to' suppose that tl►e
anger of the Deputies was directed against an
unmeaning sound. No such thing was the case.
Their wrath was kindled, indeed, by a mere
word, but it had been prepared for an explosion
by a growing and deep conviction, that France
had been imposed upon by the Government of
the Citizen King, and that the French people
had been deluded of the hopes they had founded
upon the Revolution of the three days.
An expression, savouring of vassalage and
feudality, and even of Divine right, was, at the
least, extremely injudicious in the mouth of a
revolutionary Minister. He ought to have
known how abhorrent such a phrase must have
been to a people, who could not endure the
sight of the Fleur-de-lis, the ancient arms of
France, or the sound of the words " King of
France and Navarre." All these things were
symbols of a tyranny which the French nation
detested, and when they turned their hopes to
the future, establishing liberty and equality as
the basis of the throne of the " King of the
FRENCH," they intended to regard his MA-
JESTY in the light of the first of citizens, and
not as a SOVEREIGN to whom allegiance was
due, otherwise than submission became the right
of all authorities constituted by the Charter, of
which the KING was the chief. The meaning
of the protesting Deputies was that they were
subject to the law, and to authorities ordained
by the law, but they were not the liege subjects
of LOUIS PHILIPPE, in the sense that the
Russians are the subjects of the Emperor
NICHOLAS, any more than they were the sub-
jects of a Cabinet-Minister or of a Judge.
There is a plain distinction between the two de-
scriptions of subordination, which none but
mock Liberals could wish to confound.

The remarks of M. MONTALIVET, which
preceded the expression in question, were just
such a string of fallacies as have been repeated over
and over again in our House of Commons, as
a justification of Royal avarice or extravagance.
The French, however, will not stand such argu-
ments, as that the profusion of a Court is a na-
tional good, and ought to be kept up by draining
the national resources. The comforts of thou-
sands and thousands to be abridged, indeed, for
the benefit of a few Court tradesmen ! The
French are justly indignant at the enormous de-
mands of their Citizen KING, who, it appears,
in the fifteen or sixteen months after his accession,
cost France forty million of francs, being nearly
two million sterling, and exceeding the expenses
of CH ARLES X. in any similar period. The
Commisson on the Budget has recommended
some reductions, but not equal to the public ex-
pectations, and there seems to be a very general
feeling against Louts PHILIPPE'S want of con-
sideration, or, in other words, his rapacity for
the public money. The Feucheres, or Cravat,
Trial, happens just at the moment to confirm the
charge of avarice which has been otherwise fixed
upon this Prince, and neither his present or fu-
ture reputation, in this respect, can be very en-
viable. The Juste Milieu Government seems
altogether to have fallen into the degradation
to which its mock-patriotism at home, and its
mock-philanthropy abroad, coul'l not have failed,
sooner or later, to drive it. Fortunately for the
world, empiricism in Government, as in other
matters, can never stand long against the shock
of the genuine principles of political or private
morality.

Mr. HART, Surveyor-General of the Post-
office, is appointed to fill the office of Agent of
his Majesty's packets at Dover, vacant by the
death of the late Sir THOMAS MANTELL. Mr.
HART is a very old servant of the Post-office,
and has this appointment in lieu of a superannua-
tion, t,5 which he would have been entitled. This is
really a proof of a determination on the part of
the Post-master General to economise, for there
can be no doubt that there has been a variety
of applicants for the situation.

Lisbon Gazettes, to the 24th December in-
clusive, have been received. They merely notice
Don MIGUEL'S approbation of some monks
who have volunteered their personal services, in
case of invasion. Well may the monks tremble
at the prospect before them, for their reign, like
NITGuEL's, is fast drawing to a close. All
the accounts we receive hold out the most
cheering hopes of the success of Don PEDRO'S
expedition.

- -
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY;)

FROM LLOYD'S.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 6,7, AND S.—Wind E. to E.S.E, strong
breezes and squally. Arrived the Duke of Marlborough, from
Lisbon, sailed the 2.'ith ult. Sailed the Echo steam-packet, for
Lisbon; Hermes packet, for the Mediterranean; Nightingale
packet, for the Brazils; and Cygnet packet, for Halifax and
Bermuda.

COWES, JAN. 9. —Arrived the Janet, M'Milling, and Sligo,
Oaky, bound to London.
WATERFORD, JAN. 7.—Arrived the Shamrock, Walling.
ham from Oporto, with three feet water in the hold.
CORK, Jar. 7.—Wind E.S.E.—Sailed the Marshal Ilennett
and Leonidas transports, for Barbadoes ; and Cygnet transport,
for Gibraltar.

oroaTo, Doc. 40.—The river is now nearly at its usual
height, and the bridge put up this morning ; the bar is still bad,
and no vessel can go out or come in. The Oporto, and John,
Ormerod, from Liverpool, are off the bar, and will be allowed to
come in and perform quarantine here.

Extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at Flushing,
dated Dec. 31 :—I am informed by the Inspector-General of
Pilotage at the Hague, that several masters of vessels under Eng]
lish colours have left the Roads without paying the pilotage, and
some without having a pilot on board ; in consequence of which
neglect some vessels have struck upon the banks, and one has
been totally lost. I inclose a list of the masters who have acted
so contrary to the regulations of pilotage!—
John Rogers, of the Ruby; William Storks, of the Market.
maid; It. Coulby, of the Brunswick; J. H. Harder, of the Pro-
bity : W. R. Mullet', of the Clifton ; H. Roberts, of the Reso-
lute ; William Evans, of the Victory ; David Archer, of the
Ranger; T. Clarke, of the Exchange; H. Harrison, of the
Eddystone; G. Sutton, of the Economy ; and J. King, of the
Charles Aders ; all English."
