PRUSSIA.

BERLIN, APRIL 18.—The celebrated English quaker,
Mrs. Fry, has been here for some days. She is accom-
panied by Mr. Allen, who enjoyed the favour of the Em-
peror Alexander, on account of the service he rendered to
the administration of the Russian prisons by Mr. Gurney,
and several other respectable members of the English So-
ciety of Friends.

The King has given orders to show them all possible
attention on their visit to the Russian prisons, houses of
correction, work-houses, &c. They have already visited
all these establishments, both here and at the Spandau, and
given proof, as well of their liberality to sick prisoners, as
of their knowledge and good judgment, and also of their
touching eloquence.
Mrs. Fry is said to have expressed particular interest and
satisfaction in her visit to the Institution for Destitute
Children, directed by the worthy Mr. Kopf ; but not to
have been so well satisfied with the prisons of Berlin.
Those are, in fact, on account of the want of room, and
too crowded state, not so well ordered, and especially less
furnished with the recent improvements in their system of
management than many similar establishments in the
provinces.
We hear from several quarters that the Russian expe-
dition on the Emba is not reduced to such a state as was at
first reported.

General Molortoff states in his last private accounts,
published in the Breslaw Gazette, that the expedition had
not given up the hope of releasing the Russians, who are
in slavery at Khiva, and putting an end to the robberies of
the Khan.

• ---____
VIENNA, ATRII. 20.—N0 price of Funds given.—Allge.
meins Zeitung, April 25.

MARRIAGE OF THE DUKE DE

NEMOURS.

The marriage of the Duke of Nemours and the Princess
Victoria took place at St. Cloud on Monday evening. The
following is the official account published by the Moniteur :
MARRIAGE OF THE DUKE DE NEMOURS
AND THE PRINCESS VICTORIA OF SAXE-
COBURG.
The marriage of the Duke de Nemours with the Princess
Victoria of Saxe-Coburg was celebrated at nine o'clock
yesterday evening, in the Palace of St. Cloud. The
Ministers of State, the Marshals of France, the Chan-
cellor, Vice-Presidents arid Secretaries of the Chamber
of Peers, the President, Vice-Presidents, and Secre-
taries of the Chamber of Deputies, the Officers of the '
Households of the King, Queen, Princes, and Prin-
cesses, and other persons invited, were assembled in
the King's apartments. The Vice-Presidents of the
dCehant ms boe of P
of the
Chambere Peers, and 0 thef D
ePresident e andre t h
eV i cwei-t
nPersessei .
nsei
sl
Duke
te
ec
rt e
dad
ne
db
Ny
Bet
mha ero
Baron
King
nrsd; o a ;
and
us MarshalsCountsie r e s,
thei.,S eo
hu
01
Saxon
n :a nt
hde Gerard
Minister,
B e lia
nb y 1
‘t
for
the Princess Victoria. when the hour arrived the King
gave his arm to the Princess Victoria ; the Queen took
an
that of the Duke de Nemours ; the King of the Belgians
led the Duchess of Orleans ; Duke Ferdinand, Madame
s
the Princess Adelaide ; and thus, followed by the other
Princes and Princesses of the Royal Fawmhiliy:htwheaslanftaanbtlee
and Infanta of Spain, Duke Alexander of Wurtemburg
Prince Augustus of Saxe-Coburg, and the invited guests,'
bearing
th et ortehgei gallery,register of the in
the Eta middle
.0 ivi of
At a centre point
were placed the bride and bridegroom. On the right of
the Duke de Nemours stood the King his father and the
King of the Belgians, otnhethQu
the left of
of
ofthe Princesswernendnutkho
Duchess e
Ferdinand
the French,
The rest of the circle was filled by
of her
Orleans.tathe r,
the other Nustrieus guests, except the point immediately
Opposite the bride and bridegroom, which was occupied by
the Chancellor, having on his right the President of the

LONDON:
THURSDAY, APRIL So, 1840.

The House of Commons met yesterday on the
termination of the adjournment for the holidays.
After the presentation of petitions, which were
not numerous, the report of the Cambridge Election
Committee, which voids Mr. SUTTON'S return, was
brought up, and the evidence, taken before the
Committee, on the motion of Mr. WARBURTON,
was ordered to be 'Hinted. We do not understand
the anxiety betrayed by the Committee to exonerate
Mr. SUTTON from a knowledge of the practice,
which the Committee, nevertheless, held to be suf-
ficient to turn him out. Hawks they say will not
pick out hawks' eyes, which may perhaps account for
the Members of the Committee not picking a hole
in Mr. SUTTON'S coat. Had his Jury been com-
posed of another class, we doubt whether he would
have escaped so well. The Chairman of the Com-
mittee, on being asked, said that he did not mean
to move for a new writ. Sir JOHN WALSH in-
sisted that there wls no sufficient reason fur treat-
ing the borough with severity, but Lord JOHN
RUSSELL reminded the Hon. Member that,
as in the case of Ludlow, a notice would be ex-
pected before the new writ was moved for, and the
Hon. Baronet did not move nor give a notice.
Mr. MAULE stated, in answer to Mr. GLAD-
STONE, that the seamen who lately arrived from
China in the Diana, had been sentenced by a
Court, constituted by Capt. ELLIOT, to a period
of imprisonment in this country ; but the law offi-
cers were of opinion that it was doubtful whether
Capt. ELLIOT had power so to sentence them,
and they were discharged.

In answer to Lord MA 'Lox, who asked whether
the intelligence received yesterday morning from
Naples were true, Lord J. RUSSELL said he cer-
tainly was not aware that any such account had been
received. He had met the Secretary for Foreign
Affairs two hours before, who had not then received
any, though it was possible he might since have
done so.

The Noble Lord declined to give Mr. HumE an
answer as to the present state of the Boundary Ques-
tion till this day.
The Juvenile Offenders Bill was committed, on
the motion of Sir EARDLEY 'WILMOT ; and after
a division on an amendment moved by Mr.
BARNEBY, to put it off for six months, had been
lost by 70 to 20, in the Committee several
amendments were proposed, but before the Bill
could be passed through the Committee, the House
was counted out. In the course of the discussion
Mr. WAKLEY took an opportunity of revenging
the Coroner of Middlesex on the Magistrates, by
describing the Justices generally as the most in-
competent body of men which could be found.

r. G. PALMER'S ex post facto motion on
China was fixed for some day after the recess. It is a
