I'OREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de Franc, awl Nov. 17.)

TOULON', Nov.
Correspondence.)—:Wegreat deal of dis-
Extrltted from our Private
hear of a
orders, which i:Jave manifested themselves in a serious
degree in t'.ie Morea, and by which our troops have
much s'arcered. Captains of ships, who have come
from that country,
give but few details, and we
-
are in general in pant for them, though the medi-
• cal department appears to be well organised, though
our troops no longer bivouac, and hitherto at least
they cannot be in want of anything. It is usual
almost everywhere in tive, Levant, especially in the
autumn, for strangers to be attacked by tertian and
quartan agues, which are not dangerous, except for
persons of intemperate habits, if they are judiciously
treated; but the young soldiers and many officers
have, nevertheless, reason for alarm. We hope, at
leas.c, that the troops have not been suffered to take
up their lodgings in the places evacuated by the
Turks, wi!hout great precautions, for the garrisons
were more or less infected with contagious diseases,
and precip;tation might be attended with very 4eri-
ous consequences.

It is affirmed that the English have Objected to
General Maisori's going beyond the' Peloponnesus,
and that the Greek State is to be limited to that
country' only; but if, on tile one Land, thet General
has eno,►gh to do to occupy what has been given up
to h;m, and could not doany move even if he wished
it ; on the o►her hand, it is clear that the Greeks,
left to themselves, would never be able to maintain
themselves in the Peninsula, whither, without a
marine, the Turks can c0..-;:e from many points of the
Gulf of Lepanto, ever tlmugh the Isthmus should
be well fortified. What will be done ? This is
what remains to be seen. Meantime troops are sent,
and preparations are making to send more. One
rev,iment is already gone, besides the ammunition
and provisions which are sent under convoy of the
Trident.

Provisions have also been sent lately to the
blockading squadron before Algiers, which blockade
does not seem likely to finish, and which is the most
illusory thing in the world; for we hear of Algerine
corsairs, which tneet with no' obstacle, and go in and
out as if there were neither blockade nor cruisers.
(From the Constitutiounel.)

PAltts, Nov. 16.—We learn from Ponte-a-Mous-
son ( Meurthe) as follo‘'vs :—The Petit Seminary is
again opened here, though M. Fortin Janson, our
Bishop, has not conformed to the Royal Ordinances.
No declaration has been subscribed by the profes-
sors, who say that they will not submit to any. It
is said, in palliation, of • this 'violation of the law, that
the Ministry has granted.n,invlimianionof a year to
those who cannot or will not execute it. Can we
explain, on this principle, the re-opening of the se-
minary at Chalons-sur-Marne ? Is there not some-
thing in these concessions, granted to those who do
not excite the regret of those who obey, or dispose
the doubtful not to obey ?

BARONY OF BERNERS AND BURGH.

(I'lto3l A CORR ESYONDENT.

ft is very generally stated that Lord Stradbrook
intends to try to establish his claim to the Barony
of Berners and Burgh, but on a reference to the
pedigree of the late Lady Berners (who died in
without issue, as did her brothers and sisters),
it is evident that the title will be in abeyance be-
tween the issue of John Knyvett, Esq. of Norwich,
whose father was the only brother of Sir John
Knyvett, and uncle of the late Lady Berners, and
consequently must have a priority of claim to the
sister, who married Sir John Reuse.

The above John Kuyvett, Esq. left two daugh-
ters, co-heiresses, who .ace represented by Major
Wilson, of Didlington-hall, in the county of Norfolk,
and Louisa, the widow of the late Richard Strang-
wayes, Esq. of Well, in the county of York, and of
course they are the legitimate claimants to the above
ancient Barony.

10 HE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sir,—You having inserted in your last evening's

Paper—(without any C:aistian name) that Mr.
• Pariett had appeared against Richard Gurney, Esq.,
• in a complaint made at the public office in Bow-
..treet, I will be much obliged to you to state that I
am not the complainant, never having seen that gen-
tleman to be offended.

I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
JAMES PARLETT.

35, Cilocester place, New-road,

Nov. 19.

ENGLISH OPERA HOUSE.

The delightful sylvan comedy of A: You Like It,
.wa.; performed here last night by the Covent-garden
Company ; but, we are sorry to say, to a very thin
house. CHARLES KEMBLE was; of course, the
Orlando, and never did a more graceful one tread
the funny-haunted forest of Amiens. FAWCETT
was Touchstone, and looked and played the part
with all his 'wonted alacrity.' Miss JARMAN'S
TiOSaind was truly au admirable and characteristic
performance. Her archness and easy elegance of
demeanor, reminded us at times -of the inimitable
Mrs. JORDAN—cati we 'give it higher praise ? Of
'WARD'S Jaques we may also speak in high terms of
praise; it. embodied all the sarcasm, and no incon-
siderable portion of the pathos, of this most original
character. His " Seven -
Iges ' was particularly
applauded. On the whole, we have seldom seen a
I;:.ty to which more justice was done than this of last
night.

, •
Lord TENTEItDEN transacted uusniess yes-
terday at the Home-office.
THE LATE Mu. HANSARD.—Mr. HAN-
SARD, thi printer, was employed in the service of the
House of Commons since 17'72, and fulfilled the duties of
the office for 56 years, in a manner that excited the ad-
miration of all who had the opportunity of becoming ac-
quainted with his wonderful industry, ingenuity, and acute-
ness. Mr. HANSARD, from the beginnipg of his official
life, established to himself, as the rule of his conduct, to
spare no cost or personal labour in endeavouring to per-
form the Parliamentary printing better and cheaper, and
more expeditiously, than any other printing business in
London. His expenditure on stock in trade, for this pur-
pose, was immense . his type alone weighed 117 tons.
From the great amount of his expenditure on stock, be
never realized any considerable property of other descrip.
ton, though he left a numerous family in two generations.
The following is the estimated amount of the capital he had
employed in the printing business :
Boadings £30,600
presses, and other printing materials... 47,200
Debts due at Christmas.. ............
42,200
Cash for the expenditure of the current year 30,000

Making total of ............ £l5 ,0 0;

•
UNIVERSITY. OF LONDON.--The total num-
ber, of students on Saturday last amounted to 394, of whom
17 had entered for the class of English law the 'lay pre_
ceding, when Mr. Amos began his course. There are
already 85 students in this class, a considerable proportion.
of Whom consist of the articled clerks of some of the most
eminent solicitors in town, 'who have been encouraged by
their principals to avail themselves of the opportunity now
offend of improving their education. In Fo particular
will the University of London be more useful than as sup-
plying the means of a higher education to those destined
for the different departments of the law. In the Latin,
Tireek, and mathematical classes, there are between 60 and
70 each ; these are students whoiravo entered for their re-
gular academical education. There are between 70 and 80
in the natural philos'opliy class, and about 70 in that of
chymistry. There are no less than 120 medical students.
Above ten new'shares have been subscribed since the open-
ing in Octobers--Morning Chronicle.

LONDON.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 19, 1828.

The French Papers are principally filled with
comments upon a matter which is of general in-
terest to France—namely, the late changes in the
subordinate departments of the Government.
These changes, however, bespeak more prudence
than politic wisdom. The reform, to be useful,
should have been complete. There are no news
from the East.

German Papers of the 12th inst. have been
received. An article from Odessa states, that
all the Foreign Ambassadors, with the exception
of that of France, had arrived there, and set out
for St. Petersburgh. The army would not go into
winter quarters until the surrender of Silistria.

A Miramichi Paper of the 7th October an-
nounces that Lady DOUGLAS and family em-
' barked on the 30th September, on board the
Allan, GiLmouß, from St. John's, for the
Clyde. The inhabitants appear to have shewn
the greatest interest on their departure. A splen-
did ball and supper were given, at the Masonic
Hall, to Sir HOWARD DOUGLAS, his Lady,
and daughters, in order to testify the strong
citude felt by all classes.
The Bombay Paper of the 25th June an-
nounces the death of R. 0. BRIDGEMAN, Esq.,
Advocate-General at that Presidency, of an at-
tack of spasmodic cholera, in the 30th year of
his age. This disorder was still raging, and the
cause is attributed to the universal want of rain.
Tile weather continued fine, with little or no
appearance of a monsoon, but at the same time
excessively hot and depressing. The accounts
received from the different out-stations speak in
the same way of the miserable effects that were
likely to result from the total absence of rain.
Freights were, on the 18th of June, from 1/..55.
to 21. per ton to England.

Calcutta Papers to the 24th, and Bombay to
the 27th June, have been received at the North
and South American Coffee-house. From the
former we learn that a favourable change had
taken place in the weather, with copious falls of
rain, which had reduced the temperature from 93
to 76. It is with regret, however, we under-
stand that cases of Cholera were still occurring;
perhaps the transition from so much heat may
not a little hare contributed to the appearance
of this formidable disease.

Antigua Papers have been received
at tAhefie of
Northl and South American Coffee-house;
St. Kitt's, a very full account
they contain, from
of the trial, conviction, and execution of the
Captain and crew of the piratical schooner Las
juntas Ar which lately captured the
brioEnglish
00, from Liverpool, bound
ge
cntain rraasb,
to Buenos Ayres, and afterwards retaken by
his Majesty's sloop Victor. The Captain, his
twosit'danlid i2ns evidence 5g
ulewere executed.
Two ; .three, in
Lwieeruetet;anontite
whose favour there were some circumstances of
joined mitigation, were pardoned ; and five, who J • •ned
the vessel after the capture, were not tried. The
trial took place on the 30th of September, the
details of which are toe long to insert, but the
facts of the case were completely brought home
to the prisoners, and tended to show the infamous
system of piracy which had been so long going
forward in the West Indian Seas. The culprits
were .executed on three several days,
and
minute guns were fired from on board the
schooner, the very instrument of their depreda-
tions. This vessel has since sailed for Jamaica
with despatches front Captain LLOYD, of his
Majesty's ship Victor, which has also sailed for
the same destination. In allusion to this trial it
is hoped, says the Weekly Register, that Go-

vernment will adopt some rigdrouS measures in
relation to the Foreign Islands to leeward, not
one of which but has, some time dr dther,"ebil'..
nived at the pirates, alid shared in their depre-
dations—particularly the Dutch, Danish, and
Swedish.

By the. London line of packet ship Cambria,
Captain GRESWOLD, New York Papers to the
21st ult. inclusive have been teceiVed at the
North and South American Coffee7house.
They 'contain but little intelligence of interest-.
The afl'airs of Chili, on the sth. June, are repre-
sented by a gentleman to be tranquil, and secu-
rity p&ialled, except to the south of Pinco,
where a guerilla party, under the command of
PINCHEIRA, was committing petty robberies
and depredations. The Government had sent
an armed force against him, which, after suc-
ceeding in its object, would be disbanded. The
last advices from the South stated that PIN-
CHEIRA had been driven over the Cordillera into
the province of Mendoza, and no further appre-
hensions were entertained with respect to him.
The General Congress of Chili had removed the
seat of their deliberations from Santiago (the
capital) to Valparaiso, in order to be free from the
influence of political factions. A motion had been
adopted that a project of a Constitution should
be reported within sixty days, and it was expected
it would be prepared within that time. The
subject of the improvement of the finances of
the country had received the most serious atten-
tion. Large church domains, confiscated some
time since by the Government, were to be con-
verted into available means for the support of
public credit. General ANTONIO PINTO was
still acting as Vice-Director, but it was expected
he would be declared Director as soon as the Co-
nstitution should be adopted. A Treaty between
Chili and the United States was soon expected
to be concluded, through the agency of the
Minister of the latter country, In consequence
of a resolution of Congress, the remains of the
CAREItA family, interred at Mendoza, had been
raised and brought to Chili, as a testimony, of
respect to the memory of the first patriots who
endeavoured to liberate the Republic from the
Spanish yoke. For facilitating the mining ope-
rations in the provinces of Coquimbo and Ca-
piasso, a Mining Company was to be established
at Coquimbo, and the requisite machinery had
arrived. General SANTA CRUZ, late President
at Peru, had arrived in Chili as Minister Pleni-
potentiary from that Government, and had been
recognised as such. The Chilian navy has been
much reduced. The prosperity of the country
generally had visibly advanced. Commerce and
trade, at Valparaiso particularly, were increasing
considerably, and a flourishing state of things
may be confidently anticipated. These papers
contain no arrivals from England.

We have just received a correspondence that
has taken place within the last few months be-
tween Sir A. MALET, Bart. and the Rev. D.
WILLIAMS, Head-master of Winchester School.
The circumstances that called forth this corre-
spondence are curious :—The younger brother
of 'Sir A. MALET had, it seems, resisted the
authority of one of the Prefects, or senior boys,
and was, on a complaint to that effect being
made to the Master, expelled, together with four
of his young cokfederates, from school. Sir A.
MA LET, hearing of this undeservedly harsh pu-
nishment, at once remonstrated by letter to Dr.
WI LLIAMS, who, however, refused to revoke the
sentence—on the principle, we presume, of the
Medes and Persians, whose laws, whether absurd
or otherwise, were held immutable.

The whole injurious effects of what at public
schools is called fagging, are here laid open to
us. A high-spirited lad resists the semi-official,
and perhaps unreasonable, authority of another
lad, and is at once peremptorily expelled. Ap-
peal is useless—the decree has gone forth—
and his prospects, if not totally blasted, are at
least materially injured, for life. We deprecate
this over-abundant measure of punishment ; it
savours of despotism, and can produce no possible
benefit. That a due subordination should be
kept up at our public schools, which in many
cases can count their hundreds, we are far from
disputing ; but that the caprice of the Seniors
(many of whom are the greatest tyrants on earth)
should be unreservedly submitted to by the
Juniors, simply, because the system of such
slavery is old, and a relic of the feudal ages—of
this we altogether disapprove. Expulsion from
so public a school as Winchester is really a
serious concern. It disqualifies its victim from
entering either University, and sends him forth
into life with a taint upon his character. It
should only be resorted to in extreme cases.

The Duke of CLARENCE, accompanied by
the Duchess of GLOUCESTER, left his residence in Busby
Park yesterday morning. His Royal flightless came to
town to the residence of the Princess Aucusra, in the
King's Palace, St. James's. The Duchess of GLOOCIPSTER
alighted at the .apartments of the Princess SOPHIA, in the
King's Palace, at Kensington, to pay a visit to her Royal
S►ster and the Duchess of KENT, with whom her Royal
Highness remained during the day. Several naval officers
visited the Royal Duke. Colonel SzErstrtisoN, the Sur-
veyor-General of the Board of Works, waited on his Royal
Highness to receive his commands relative to the fitting up
of his new residence in the King's Palace, St. James's.
His Royal Highness left town about four o'cloek ou his re-
turn to Bushy, and called at the King's Palace, at Ken-
sington, where the Duchess of Gnoucssrta joined her
Royal brother.
The venerable Archbishop of ELVAS, who,
as a friend to the charter, and a faithful subject of Don
Pena°, was obliged to flee fruits Portugal on the usurpa-
tion of Don Mc use,, died lately of the plague at Gibral-
tar. The Rev. Prelate had taken refuge in that fortress',
on leaving his native country, some months ago.

SNIPPING INTELLIGENCE—(TMS bAt)

FROM L,LbYD'S.
Nov'. 18.--Wind N.W.---Arrived the
Alexander, from Cadiz ; Emerald, Leslie, and New-
castle, Clay, from Quebec; Hindostan, Kennie, from
Sincapore ; Kitty, Graystock, from Pictou ; and
Norfolk, from Bengal. Arrived from London, the
Duke of Clarence, Hayes, for Bermuda; Eagle,
Pine, and IX:lnerara packet, Cooke, for Jamaica;
Dclaford, Young, for Berbice ; Nereid, Jay, tbr
Genoa; and St. George, for Greriada:
PORTSSIOtiIIi, Nov. 18.;---Wind W.—Passed the
Cambrian, Guswold, from New York, in 27 days;
and Candian, Reed, from Bombay, sailed the 27th
of June.

PLYMOUTH, Nov. 17.—Wind N.W.—Arrived
from London, the John, Wilkinson, for Jamaica.

'LINIOUTH, Nov. 17.--Wind N.W.-z—Arrived
the Bolivar, Small, from Santos; and Sheldrake
packet, from St. Thomas's, sailed the 16th of Oct.
Sailed the Sandwich packet, for Lisbon; and Abel,
Jervis, for Bilboa.

ST. KITT'S, OCT. 11.—The crew of the piratical
vessel, brought into this port the Bth ult. by his
Majesty's ship Victor, consisted of 39 persons, SZ
of whom have been tried for piracy, and 28 of them
condemned and executed.

LOWESTOFFE, Nov. 18.--The Agenoria, Chaler,
from St. Peteisburgh to London, ran upon the
Newcome Sand last night, but got off at high water
without much damage, and proceeded.
NEWPORT, Nov. 18.7—The Ceres, Lusond, of
Bideford, sailed hence yesterday, and upset in Bridge-
water Reach, and filled with water.

HASTINGS, Nov. 18.--Arrived the Mills, LeVCl',
from Boston.

DARTMOUTH, NOV. 17.—Arrived the Syren,
Taylor, from Pernambuco ; and Jot n and Mary,
from Miramichi.

CLOUGHEY BAY, Nov. I4.—The Hoyle, from
Quebec, has been got off the Cannon Rock, and
brought to anchor between that and the mainland :
she is water-logged, the keel gone, and rudder un-
shipped, and it is feared her bottom has received
considerable damage. If the weather becomes mo-
derate, there is every hope that vessel and cargo
will be saved. A steamer has been sent for.

The Pandora, Corry, for Barbadoes, put back to
Liverpool on Monday, leaky.
The Beaufort Castle, from Bonny to Liverpool,
upset on the Western Islands during a gale ; the
master, and 21, of the crew and passengers drowned.

NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICAN COFFEE-HOUSE.

CALCUTTA, JUNE 23.—Arrived the 11th inst.
the ship Arabian, Wells, from Liverpool.
16th.—The ship Othello, Thomson, from ditto;
barque Madras, Christian, frem Liverpool; and ship
John Craig, Meldram, from Bourdeaux.
18th.—The ship Claudine, from London.
BOMBAY, JUNE 25.—Arrived the 6th inst. the
Julia, Grant, from Port Louis.
Bth.—The ship Ellen, Boyle, from London.

MIRAMICIII, OCT. 7.—Arrived the Ist inst. the
brig Thomas, Robertson, from London; brig Ma-
riner, Wallace, from Dundee ; barque 13 oneaster,
Marshall, from London.

OCT. 2. The Cicero, Robertson, from ditto ;
ship Hero, Moorsotn, from Bristol ; ship Middle-
sex, Meares, from London.

&I.—The barque Craigston Castle, from. Liver-
pool ; and brig Welly, Stacy, from Cork.
10th.—The bark Stakesby, Comer, from Lon-
don; ship Christopher, Knight, from ditto; and
ship General Graham, Craigie, from Glasgow.
Ilth.—The barque Marshal Macdonald, Sullivan,
from Liverpool ; and the brigs Wellington, Scott,
from - Southampton ; Wellington, Foster, from
Cork ; Cheviot, Helmesley, from ditto ; and Nor-
folk, Kennedy, from Greenock. •

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TwscrE o'CLocr.

The English Funds are less lively than for the
last few days. Consols opened this morning at 87i
for money and time, and buyers at 87k for the open-
ing ; a better supply of money stock caused them to
decline to 87 and 87k, sellers, for January ; the
Commissioners gave 87k. India Bonds, 87 8 pm.;
Exchequer Bills, 76 7 pm.

There have been hitherto but few transactions in
the Foreign Funds, Brazilian Bonds are firm at 64f I;
Buenos Ayres, 48 9
.; Russian, 95 ; Portuguese,
55 ; and China'', 26i 7i.. The accounts from
this quarter, received via America, of the sth June,
represent the Government as occupied in the re-
storation of their finances, and endeavouring to dis-
pose of the church property, confiscated some time
since, to keep up public credit; the country is also
stated to be advancing in trade and prosperity.

The Share market continues in a dormant state;
Colombian Mines are 12 11 dis.; Imperial Bra-
zilian, 33 5 pm. ; and Bolanos, 115 120 pm.
Three per Cent. Consols, 87 ; Ditto, for Ac-
count, 87 if ; India Stock, 242 3 ; Bank Stock, 2081
2094 ; India Bonds, 87 8 pm. ; Exchequer Bills, 76 7 pm.
koancri.—Brazilian, 64j 4 ; Buenos Ayres, 48 9 ;
Chilian, 264 71-; Colombian, 228 ; Danish, 623: ;
French, Five per Cent. 105 - 64 ; Three per Cent., 74;1- 5 ;
Greek, 171 18; Mexican, Five per Cent., 26 7 ; Ditto,
Six per Cent., 34.8 4 ; Peruvian, 18 194 ; Portu-
guese, 55 1 ; Russian, 95 4 ; Spanish, 104 4.
MlNZs.—Anglo Mexican, 734 2 k dis. ; Brazilian, 33 5
prn. ; Bolanos, 115130 pm. ; Culon-ibian,l2 11 dis. ; Real
Del Monte, 230 220 dis. ; Tlalpuzahua, 20 24 per share;
United Mexican, 224 14 dis.

TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols, after being very near 87, sellers, are now
buyers; the Coutango continues to keep up, and
they are 87k, buyers, .for Jawuary, with scarcely a
bargain doing.
