REBEL PROCLAMATION.

( From the New Yorh Weekly Herald, of the 6th of January.)
We annex Mr. Mackenzie's proclamation to the Queen's
subjects of Upper Canada, which has not yet been published
in any of the city papers :--;
PROCLAMATION.

HY WILLIAM LYON MACKENZIE,
Chairman pro tem. of tire Provisional Government of the
State of Upper Canada.
Inhabitants of Upper Canada !—For nearly fifty years has
our country languished under the blighting influence of mili-
tary despots, strangers from Europe, ruling us, not according
to laws of our choice, but by the capricious dictates of their
power.
They have taxed us at their pleasure, robbed our ex-
chequer,. and carried off the proceeds to other lands—
they have bribed and corrupted Ministers of the Gos-
pel, with, the wealth raised by our industry—they have
in place of religious liberty, given rectories and clergy
reserves to a foreign priesthood, with spiritual power
dangerous to our peace as a people—they have bestowed
millions of our lands on a company of Europeans for a nomi-
nal consideration, and left them to fleece and impoverish our
country—they have spurned our petitions, involved us in their
wars, excited feelings of national and sectional animosity, in
counties, townships and neighbourhoods, and ruled us as Ire-
land has been ruled, to the advantage of persons in other lands,
and to the prostration of our energies as a people
We are wearied of these oppressions, and ri solved to throw
off the yoke. Rise Canadians, rise as one man and the glori-
ous object of our wishes is accomplished.
Our intentions have been clearly stated to the world, in the
Declaration of Independence, adopted at Toronto on the 31st
of July last, printed in the Constitution, Correspowlent and
Advocate, and the Liberal, which important paper was drawn
up by Dr. John Rolph and myself, signed by the Central Com-
mittee, received the sanction of a large majority of the people
of the Province, west of Port Hope and Cobourg, and is well
known to be in accordance with the feelings and sentiments of
nine-tenths of the people of this State.
We have planted the standard of liberty in Canada, for the
attainment of the following objects:—
Perpetual Peace, founded on a Government of Equal
Rights to all, secured by a written Constitution, sanctioned by
yourselves in a Convention to be called as early as circum-
stances will permit.
Civil and Religious Liberty, in its fullest extent, that in
all laws made, or to be made, every person be bound alike—
neither shall any tenure, estate, charter, birth or place, confer
any exemption from the ordinary course of legal proceedings
and responsibilities whereunto others are subjected.
The abolition of hereditary honours, of the laws of entail
and primogeniture, and of hosts of pensioners who devour our
substance.
A Legislature composed of a Senate and Assembly chosen
by the people.
An Executive to be composed of a Governor and other
officers elected by the public voice.
A Judiciary to be chosen by the Governor and Senate, and
composed of the most learned, honourable, and trustworthy
of our citizens. The laws to be rendered cheap and expeditious.
A Free Trial by Jury—Sheriffs chosen by you, and not
to hold office, as now, at the pleasure of our tyrants.—The
Freedom of the Press. Alas for it, now ! The free presses
n the Canadas are trampled down by the hand of arbitrary
power.
The Vote by Ballot—free and peaceful township elections.
The people to elect their Court of Request, Commissioners
and Justices of the Peace—and also their militia officers, in all
cases whatsoever.
Freedom of trade--every man to be allowed to buy at the
cheapest market, and sell at the dearest.
No man can be compelled to give military service unless it
Ivs his choice.
Ample funds to be received from the vast resources of our
country to secure the blessings of education to every citizen.
A frugal and economical government, in order that the peo-
ple may be prosperous and free from difficulty.
Ali end for ever to the wearisome prayers, supplications and
mockeries attendant upon our connexion with the lordlings of
tire Colonial Office, Downing-street, London.
The opening of the St. Lawrence to the trade of the world,
so that the largest ships might pass up to Lake Superior,
and the distribution of the wild leads of the country to the
industry, skill and enterprise of worthy men of all nations. •
For the attainment of these important objects, the Patriots
now in arms under the standard of liberty on Navy Island,
U. C., have established a Provisional Government, of which
the members are as follows (with two other distinguished
gentlemen, whose names there are powerful reasons for with-
holding from public view), via.:--
WILLIAM L. NIACKENZIE,
Chairman pro tern.
Nelson Gorham Adam Graham,
Samuel Lount, Jelin Hawk,
Silas Fletcher, Jacob Rynall,
Jesse Lloyd, William H. Doyle,
Thomas Darling, A. G. W. G. Van Egmond.
Charles Duncan,
We have procured the important aid of Gen. Van Rensse-
laer of Albany, of Col. Sutherland, Col. Van Egmond, and
other military men of experience ; and the citizens of I3uffalo,
to their eternal honour be it ever remembered, have proved to
the endur:ng principles of the revolution of 1776, by sup-
Plying us with provisions, money, arms, ammunition, artillery
and volunteers, and vast numbers are floating to the standard
under which, heaven willing, emancipation will be speedily
tvon for a new and gallant nation, hitherto held in Egyptian
thraldom by the aristocracy of England.
Brave Canadians 1 Hasten to join that standard, and to
make common cause with your fellow-citizens now in arms in
the Home, London, and Western Districts. The opportunity
of the absence of the hired red-coats of Europe is favourable
to our emanciFtion. And short sighted is that man who does
not now see that, although his apathy may protract the con-
test, it must end in independence, freedom from European
thraldom for ever I
Until independence is won, trade and industry will be dor-
nwit, houses and land will bp tinsteable, merchants will be
embarrassed, and farmers and mechanics harrassed :and trou-
bled ; that point once gained, the prospect is fair and cheer-
ing, a long day of prosperity may be ours-
The row4scs in 910
tioNe 4s:toet. w'cre owing, first, to
accident, wriiol re've4led Or design to our tyrants, and pre-
vented a surprise-:.and" secondly; to the want of artillery.

3,500 men came and went, but we had not arms for one in
twelve of them, nor could we procure them in the country.
Three hundred acres of the rest of the public lands will be
freely bestowed upon any volunteer who shall assist personally
in bringing to a conclusion the glorious struggle in which our
youthful country is now engaged against the enemies of
freedom all the world over..
Ten millions of these lands, fair and fertile, will, I trust, be
speedily at our disposal, with the other vast resources of a
country more extensive and tieh in natural treasures than the
United Kingdom. or Old France.
Citizens I Soldiers of Liberty ! Friends of Equal Rights !
let no man suffer in his property, person, or state—let us pass
through Canada, net to retaliate on others, for our estates ra-
vaged, our friends in dungeons, our homes burnt, our wheat
and barns burnt, and our horses and cattle carried off; but let
us show the praiseworthy example of protecting the houses.
the homes, and the families of those who are in arms against
their country, and against the liberties of this coreinent.
Who will disclaim and. severely punish all aggression upon
private property, and consider these as our enemies who may
burn or destroy the smallest hut in Canada, unless necessity
compel any one to do so in any cause for self-defence.
Whereas, at a time when the King and Parliament of Groat
Britain had solemnly egreed to redress the grievances of ti.e
people, Sir Francis Bond Head was sent out to this country
with promises of conciliation and justice—and whereas, the
said Head had violated his oath of office as a gcvcrnor,
trampled upon every vestige of our rights and privileges,
bribed and corrupted our legislature, interfered with the
freedom of elections, intimidated the freeholders, de-
clared our country not entitled to the blessings of British
freedom, prostrated openly the right of trill by jury,
placed in office the most obsequious, treacherous, and un-
worthy of our population—and sought to rule Upper Canada
by the mere force of his arbitrary power, imprisoned Dr.
Morrison, Mr. Parker, and many others of our most respected
citizens, banishing in the highly respected speaker of the late
House of Assembly, the Hon. Mr. Bidwell, and causing the
expatriation of that universally beloved and well tried eminent
patriot, Dr. John Rolph, because they had made common cause
with our injured people, and setting a vast price on the head
of several, as if they were guilty persons—for which crimes
and misdemeanours he is deserving of being put upon his trial
before the country—l do hereby offer a reward of five hundred
pounds for his apprehension, so that he may be dealt with as
may appertain to justice.
In Lower Canada, Divine Providence has blessed the arms
of the Sons of Liberty—a whole people are there manfully
struggling for that freedom without which property is hut a
phantom, and life scarce worth having a gift of. General Gi-
rardigat the head of 15,000 determined democrats.
_ .

The friends of freedom in Upper Canada have continued
to act in strong and regular concert with Mr. Papineau and
the Lower Canada Patriots ; alid it is a pleasing reflection
that between us and the ocean, a population of 600,000 souls
are now in arms resolved to be free

The tidings that worthy patriots are in arms, is spreading
through the Union, and the men who were oppressed in Eng-
land, Ireland, Scotland, and the continent are flocking to
our standard.
We must be successful.

I had the honour to address nearly 3,000 of the citizens of
Buffalo, two days ago, in the Theatre. The friendship and
sympathy they expressed are honourable to the great and
flourishing Republic.
I am personally authorised to make known to you that from
the moment that Sir Francis Head declined to state in writing
the objects he had in view, in sending a flag of truce to our
camp in Toronto, the message once declined, our esteemed
fellow-citizen, Dr. John Rolph, openly announced his con-
currence in our measures, and now decidedly approves of the
stand we are taking in behalf of our beloved country, which
will never more be his until it be free and independent.
Canadians ! my confidence in you is as strong and power-
ful, in this our day cf trial and difficulty, as when many years
ago, in the zeal and ardour of youth I appeared among you,
the humble advocate of your rights and liberties. I need not
remind you of the sufferings and persecutions I have endured
for your sakes, the losses I hare sustained, the risks I have
run. Had I ten lives I would cheerfully give them up to
procure freedom to the country of my children, of my early
and disinterested choice. Let us act together ; and warmed
by the hope of success in a patriotic cause, be able to repeat
in the language so often happily quoted by Ireland's champion,
The nations are fallen and thou still art young,
Thy sun is but rising when others have set,
And the' slavery's cloud o'er thy morning bath hung,
The full tide of Freedom shall beam round thee yet."
Militia men of 1812 ! Will ye again rally round the stand-
ard of your tyrants ! I can scarce believe it possible. Upper
Canada Loyalists, what has been the recompense of your long
tried and devoted attachment to England's aristocracy? Ob-
loquy and contempt.
Verily we have learnt in the school of experience, and are
prepared to profit by the lessons of the past. Compare the
great and flourishing nation of the United States with our
divided and distracted land, and think what we also might have
been, as brave, independent lords of the soil. Leave, then, Sir
Francis Head's defence to the miserable serfs dependent on his
bounty, and to the last hour of your lives the proud remem-
brance will be yours—" We also were among the deliverers of
our country !"
Navy Island, Dec. 13, 1837.
