NORTH WARWICKSHIRE, Dm 18.

The " tug of war" for the representation of the northen
division commenced this morning—the day of nomination.
Coleshill was the place of meeting, where all the parties in
the interest of the respective candidates proceeded at an
early hour,
C. H. BRACERRIDGE, Esq., proposed and RICHARD
Sr OONER, Esq., seconded Sir Eardley
ARTHUR GREGORY, Esq., proposed Mr. Heming, and
this nomination was seconded by J. N. L. CIIETWODE,
Esq.

Mr, Dug-dale was proposed by Mr. INGE, of Thorpe,
and his nomination was seconded by Mr. BOULTBEE.

Sir E. E. IlllnnoT then came forward, and stated his
olitical views at great length. In the course of his speech
he was asked his opinion respecting the ballot. He was
free to confess his former opinion on that subject had been
weakened ; and if he found that the electors could not ex-
ercise their right of voting with that freedom which they
ought to enjoy, he would vote for that measure.—( Cheers. )
With respect to triennial Parliaments, he cared not
whether the duration of Parliament was one, two, or
three years ; but it was with him a matter of doubt if
men fit to: be representatives, and possessed of moderate
fortunes and moderate health, would he willing to incur
the expense and endure the har 'ships and fatigue of
elections so closely following each other. That was the
fear he entertained; but as to his own opinion, he cared
not what was the duration of Parliament.

Mr. HADLEY said there was one pledge which he wished
to have from Sir Eardley Wilmot, and that was, that be
would resign his eeat if required so to do by a requisition
from his constitueuts.

Sir EA RDLEY.—lnstlntly.—(Loud cheers.)
After some observations by the Rev. M. BEDFORD and
Sir E. WILMOT, respecting a correspondence which had
taken place between them,
J. PAR►:ES, Esq., wished to put one or two questions
to Sir Eardley on what he deemed the most important
topics in the address which he had delivered. He had
heard it with great gratification for the liberality which
it contained, and he was anxious to give him all the sup-
port in his power, concurring as he did in the entire of
his sentiments, with the exception of those on free trade.
Notwithstanding, however, the satisfaction which he felt
fron► the speech of the Hon. Baronet, it appeared to him
to be somewhat ambiguous on two subjects. If he un-
derstood him (Sir Eardley,) his mind had altered with
respect to the ballot. He then wished to know from him
it he was satisfied with the present state of the consti-
tuency of the country, and if, in the vent of his going
to Parliament, he would vote for such measures as might
be proposed to put an end to the base, corrupt, and pro-
fligate mode which had been adopted at the late elections
in many places. He (Mr. Parkes) alluded to the savage
riots, the bribery, and intimidation which had prevailed,
particularly in the smaller constituencies, which had, in
Stamford, Warwick, Newark, and other places, and in
the schedule B boroughs, enabled corruption to vanquish
the honest electors, and the scum of the constituency to
elect representatives not expressing the opinions of the
honest and patriotic.—(Loud cheering.) He would ask him
if be was not disgusted with the proceedings by which
some of the late returns had been obtained, and how he
proposed to remedy that profligate system, and to secure to
the electors the free, perfect, and independent exercise of
their franchise ? He would ask him if the ensuing Par-
liament did not adopt some means to effect so desirable an
object, would he then be willing to vote for triennial Par-
liaments and vote by ballot?
Sir E. WILMOT was quite disgusted with the proceed-
ngs referred to by Mr. Parkes, and if other means were
not adopted to prevent a recurrence he would vote for
both the proposed measures.—(Cheers.)

Mr. PARKES resumed. It was to him a matter of re-
gret that the opinions of Sir Eardley were nut sooner and
more generally known to the electors, thinking, as he then
did, that it was their duty to unite him and Mr. Hemiug.
—(Cheers.) Such being his opinion he thought Sir
Lardley would ill discharge his duty to the electors if he
did not assure them that he had solicited the votes of the
electors for himself alone, and it was now incumbent on
Sir Eardley to set his double votes at liberty, and not con-
tribute in any way to neutralize the Reform Bill by
fovouring Mr. Dugdale's return. If be did not adopt
that course he would not act right. He (Sir Eardley)
could not but he suspected of insincerity if he did not pro-
mote the return of Mr. Heming, their opinions being sub-
stantially in unison. All their efforts ought to be directed
to prevent the return of the Tory candidate.—(Cheers.)
Sir EARDLev WiLstoz never asked for plumpers.
When any of the electors inquired of him what they should
do with the second vote, he told them that he did not ap-
prove of the extreme politics of either of the other gentle-
nsen, but he never told any one who so spoke to hirn to
vote against either of them.
The call for Mr. llviaNG now became general, and that
gentleman having left the hustings and gone to the balcony
of the window from which Sir Eardley had spoken, pro-
ceeded to address the electors. His speech was loudly
cheered at every sentence.
Mr. DUODALE, who came forward next, was received
with groans and yells. Very little of what he said was
heard.
Mr. JOHN GREENE appeared as the representative of
the Dissenters of Birmingham, and in their name he
wished to be informed by Mr. Dugdale in what way they
bad misrepresented, as stated by his Committee, his senti-
mots on the subject of negro slavery.—(Loud cheers.)
He wished to know explicitly, whether or not Mr. Dug-
dale intended to support the immediate anti entire aboli-
tion of colonial slavery ?--(Loud cheers.)
Mr. DUGDALE, after much interruption, replied, that as
soon as he was satisfied that that measure could be
granted, consistent with the security of the proprietors and

-. _

he happineas of the pfavos tt eloselves, he would vote for
th initnediliteminiiiies of slavery.—(Disapprobation.)

Mr. THOMAS HADLEY recommended the electors not
to stultify themselves by voting for a Reformer and an
Anti-Reformer. They ought to vote for Mr. Heming
and Sir Eardley Wilmot.—(Lotrcheers, and "We will.")
Mr. PARKES claimed Mr. Dugdale's attention one mo-
ment. Mr. Parkes said,—" Mr. Dugdale, you have am-
bie,uously alluded to a most important subject—the cur-
rency, arbitrary alterations of which affect the value of
every man's property and the just remuneration of the
labour of the people. What do you do mean, Mr. Dug-
dale, by your observation that you were the advocate of an
extended currency?" Mr. Dugdale here consulted his
friends, and was understood, on their suggestion, to decline
answering any other questions.—(Loud hooting.) Mr.
Parkes then loudly declared to the electors,—" Mr. Dug-
(ldle can't answer the question, because lie does not under-
stand the subject.—(Loud cheers.)
At this period there was a loud and general cry for
Thomas Attwood, Esq., M.P., and after a while Mr.
Attwood presented himself at the balcony from which Sir
Eardley Wilmot addressed the meeting, and said that, a,
they pleased to call on him, lie would say a few words. He
had heard all that had passed that day, and he felt it his
duty to declare, that if they intended to prevent anarchy
and revolution in England, Mr. Dugdale was not the man
for their choice. He might be, as he (Mr. Attwood)
believed he was, a most honourable and respectable man,
in station, in family, and in character—in all respects a
gentleman ; but a mere gentleman was not what the times
required. They ought to select a Statesman, a man com-
petent to grapple with the difficulties of their country,
and to overcome them.—(Loud cheers.) He believed in
his conscience, that if a majority of such men as Mr.
Dugdale were returned to Parliament, nothing upon earth
eould prevent a tremendous revolution.—(Cheers.) Mr.
A ttwo.el then proceeded in a very able speech lo develop
his views on some important political questions.
LIONEL PLACE, Esq., advised the electors to support,
first, Mr. Heming, who would give all they wanted ; then
Sir E. E. Wilmot, who would give something ; but to
oppose vehemently Mr. Dugdale, who would give no-
thing.—(Loud cheering.)
The HIGH SHERIFF then proceeded to take the sense
of the electors by show of hands as to the claims of the
three candidates. The High Sheriff declared the choice
to have fallen upon Mr. Heming and Sir E. Wilmot.
The announcement was received with the most boisterous

demonstrations of applause. Not more, we should con-
ceive, than about 50 hands were held up for Mr. Dug-
dale. A poll was immediately demanded on behalf of the
latter gentleman, after which the meeting separated. The
p ill will commence on Friday morning. The arrangements
for the poll on behalf of Mr. Heming are proceeding with
the greAtest zeal and confidence of success.
Thus ended one of the moat interesting meetings for the
nomination of candidates ever held in this county.
