----LV ENING 147MITION.

.3qUa'e station by the hall -past three o'clock train on
S ,turd.,y. His Lnrdship proceeded to the Home-office
and was present at the Council.
His Excellency Mr. Stevenson, the American Minis-
ter, transacted business at tie Foreign•office on Satur-
day, and afterwards visited the Chancellor of the Ex-
chcquer.

'Despatches were received yesterday afternoon at the
Colonial-office from the Governor of St. Helena.
Lord Adolphus Fozelarenee returned to town on 5.2.•
ttirday from a visit to Lord Stradbrokc.

The following official bulletin was issued during the
afternoon of Saturday, a copy of which was forwarded
tO the Lord Mayor :
" Buckingham Palace, Nov. 21, 1840.
" Quarter-past Three o'Clock.
" The Queen was safely delivered of a Princess this
arternoon at ten minutes before two o'clock.
," Her Majesty and the Royal Infant are both doing
Well,
(Signed)

" JAMES CLARK, M.D.
CHARLES LOCOCK, M.D.
ROBERT FERGUSON, M.D.
R. BLAGDEN."
** Immediately after the birth of the young Princess
Summonses were issued for holding a Privy Council at
the Council Office, at foul o'clock. The Council sat
nearly an hour, and was attended by his Royal Highness
Prince Albert, as Regent, the Lord Chancellor, Vis-
count Melbourne, Lord John Russell, the Lord Chief
Justice of the Queen's Bench, the Archbishop of Can-
terbury, the Bishop of Loudon, and several other Privy
COuncillors.
•At the Council, we understand, the form of prayer
1.1)r her Majesty's safe delivery was agreed upon.

, As soon as the birth of the Princess was known steps
were taken at the Home Office to communicate the
testifying intelligence in an official form to different parts
of the country. The intelligence was conveyed to all
the branches of the Royal Family.

(From the Observer.)
At two o'clock yesterday morning the first symptoms
of, uneasiness were indicated, and at four her Majesty
,With great firmness directed that her attendants should
bare
summoned : among these was Mrs. Lilly, who, we
'are heard, was formerly nurse to the Duchess of
Stitherland, and whose experience at once forewarned
:ner of the propriety of immediately summoning her Ma-
Jest Y's professional advisers. Sir James Clark, Dr.
''acoek, Mr. R. Ferguson, and Mr. R. Blagden, were
thstantly sent for, and were quickly on the spot. No
doubt now existed that her Majesty was in labour, al.
sough certainly some days sooner than was anticipated.
~..*aeh preparations as the suddenness of the emer-
,,tbnY would permit were made without delay.
Line Hon. W. Murray, the Comptroller of the House-
bold, the inmates of the Palace, and special
aQe"engers were despatched to her Royal Highness the
„I/chess of Kent, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the
Pi.sho of London, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Mel-
' Zurne, Lord Palmerston, Lord Errol, Lord Albc-
"mark, Lord John Russell, and other Privy Coun-
cillors, whose constitutional duty it was to be
Present at the birth of an heir to the throne.
Ili messenger was also despatched to his Royal
ighness the Duke of Sussex. Her Majesty's august
kr(!nt was early at the Palace, and in the course of the
horning was followed by the Archbishop of Canterbury,
the
Bishop of London, and the other noblemen whose
rnes we have mentioned. His Royal Highness the
uke of Sussex, it is stated, was unable to attend,
from indisposition. In her Majesty's chamber were the
Duchess of Kent, Prince Albert, and the medical men,
!To Mrs. Lilly and some of the Ladies of the Bed-
arnbee ; while, in an adjoining apartment, the door of
Which was open, were the other distinguished individuals
ientioned. As the day advanced the Palace was kept
th Perfect quietness, while all noise from without, from
tilt Passing of bands or otherwise, was interdicted. From
ktoie w ho had the best means of information, we learn that
r Alajesty evinced a firmness and composure almost
ti:rodible—at intervals exhibiting a cheerfulness and pa-
in submission to ber sufferings, in all respects consist-
eat with the well-known attributes of her character. The
b t ear approach of that interestingmoment which was to give
these realms an heir to the throne at last arrived, and
Aseeisely at ten minutes before two o'clock Mrs. Lilly
totertd the room where the Privy Councillors were
assembled , with the " Young Stranger," a beautiful,
tinroP, and healthful Princess, wrapped in flannel, in
"r arms. She was attended by Sir James Clark,
who announced the fact of its being a female. Her
tnyal Highness was for a moment laid upon the table
it the observation of the assembled authorities ; but
til
ho loud tones in which she indieated her displeasure at
an exposure, while they proved the soundness of
Zvtangs and the maturity of her frame, rendered it
acl?able that she should be returned to her chamber to
Aih:e her tirst attire. His Royal Highness Prince
stnt, t, having received the congratulations of all pre-
-11.. conveyed the gratifying intelligence that her
wiesty was, in all respects, as well as could be cx-
4,:ed ; and " the officials" retired to spread the happy
uythroughout the metropolis, and to prepare to meet
iv" hitehall, whither the Privy Council were forthwith
djanioned to meet at four o'clock, to give the usual
por •tons for announcing to the nation, as well as to
iti,"elgn States, an event of such deep and gratifying
Prtane.

• b
• (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
Vi _,,nniormity to the directions of the Right Re-
b6re,ll,vl Dr. Griffiths, Vicar Apostolic of the London
t* let, the Roman Catholic Clergy and Congrega-
thro assembled in the various Catholic Uhurches
troi Uthout the metropolis, yesterday offered up the
t solemn Thanksgivings to Almighty God, for the
%,,f4
p: delivery of her Majesty ; and joined in devout
'ler*
4. to the same Beneficent Creator, for the pre-
l'e,ti°n of her Majesty's life, and that of her infant
iser-tess. emanations from the heart and soul in which
dot,Cl,, aiesty's loyal subjects throughout the realm will
kies.
participate.
tali: no Public Department was the excitement oc
m -
tuiled by her Majesty's accouchement more conspi-
aft -3 on Saturday, than at the General Post-
er:L the Great Hall of which was literally besieged by
K of persons crushing to the receiving windows to
C '
letters to their friends and correspondents in all
1147,,ttera ofven the • civilized world, communicative of the
P"tiartt et.
WI

e rejoice to see the "limes beginning to ad%:o-
-.e 'he " look-at-home" policy. In a long leading
Blele on Saturday, it said, in relation to Sir FOWELL
thatl3(l.°ll'a Society, and the meeting at Norwich,
4 7 °f the working men who spoke at that meeting,
t°f a certain extent they were fighting the battles,
hit charity
and common sense against the cant of
charity which does not begin at home. DOVER,
I,l'hilattist though he be, spoke like a philosopher
eo he defined SLAVERY TO BE THE CONDI-
TIONOF THE MAN WHO DID NOT RECEIVE A
1,
4111. EQUIVALENT FOR THE LABOUR HE
ItaFORMED."

No wonder (added our Contemporary) that the
Working men felt themselves insulted by the pro-
posal, while so much wretchedness existed unre-
i_i.eved and unrecogniz,d among themselves, to sound
Ina, trumpet of ostentatious benevolence on behalf
theshow
f distressrs of anothert 9uarter.
hof the_ glotbe ;
bo„.that the same purse•s r ngswhlc could not be
jined their favour would readily open to
dor:m:okt:
.11.7 wild or fanciful scheme which was designed e
17hect at the antipodes ;to prove that. "
peoplevery)
kr°, thought austerity itself too luxurious.for. the n-
ini" Poor, who would as soon go to Africa in person
lh
h a country meeting for the sake of rescuing Eng-
children from the grinding slavery of mammon, had
44°Ptithies enough and to spare for the savage millions
up.. different race. No wonder that they cried out,
oak to the slavery and misery of the New Poor-law"
the mancipate the white slaves before you think of
Ut the Times said all this of a private Society,
hieh i 8 under no obligation to attend to the state
tDuke country, or abolish that slavery which Mr.
41:1VR4. defined with the approbation of the Times,
under no obligation to provide for the well-
, 411"ei of the people ; but the Government is under
104" an obligation ; it is largely paid to
after the public welfare, and all the ar-
itinheats and observations of htc Times apply
'tan ten-fold more force to the Government
frieiit° Sir FOWELL BUXTON and his crotchety
lit a 8' We must henceforth set the Times down
powerful advocate of the " look-at-home po-
Y) as the enemy to the slavery of the working
tl,lBB
pri e 8) as no friend to the aristocracy and the
eo,neat;'"d, who oppress them, and as justifying the
Of oilnaint3 of the Chartists, though it do not approve
heir remedies.
at has given the Times this somewhat
en
turn
41:(1d
we are not aware, but as that journal
ihotl 'very seldom anything like a patriotic or public
the the for its apostacy, we think it right to notice
ciao aPP arent connection between its present
..rveriron and the snubbing Mr. JOHN WALTER
treb,ived a few days ago at Reading. We cannot
talolt:that the base Times, from a nasty personal
t'r, invoked the demon of religious persecu-
