HOUSE OF COMMONS.

At a little before four o'clock the Usher of the Black Rod
summoned the Speaker to the House of Peers, to hear the
Royal Assent given by Commission, to some public and pri-
vate Bills. On his return, theSPEAKER informed the House
of the names of the Bills which had received the Royal Assent.
Petitions were presented against the Hides and Skins Bill
from the Tanners and Curriers of Shields, by Mr. Bttaxn-
LING ; from the Butchers and lfellmongers of Canterbury, by
Mr. LUSHINGTON ; from the Tanners of Gateshead, and
from those of Barnard-Castle, by Mr. LAMBTOS.
Petitions against the Duty on Excise Licences were present-
ed.from the Licensed Victuallers of Salford, by Mr. DEVEN-
PORT ; from the Licenced Victuallers of three parishes in Suf-
folk, by Mr. LENNARD; from those of the City of Canter-
bury, by Mr. LUSIIINGTON ; and from those of the parish
of St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, by Mr. H. SUMNER.
Mr. JAMES presented petitions rem several Owners and
Occupiers of Land in the County of Surrey, and also in South-
ampton, against the Game Laws amendment Bill.
Mr. HURST presented a petition from Horsham, against
Negro Slavery.
Mr. W. E. LOCKI/ART presented a petition from the
Notaries Public of the County of Selkirk, against the Duty on
Licences to practice as a Public Notary.
Colonel O'NEIL presented a petition from the Freemasons
of Belfast, praying to be placed on the same footing as the
Freemasons of England, as far as regarded the Laws respect-
ing Secret Societies.

Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from several in-
habitants of St. Botolph, Aldgate, in favour of the intended
New Docks at St. Catherine's.
A petition was presented from the ship-carpenters of the port
of Sunderland, against the combination-laws.
Mr. T. ELLIS presented a similar petition, signed by 3,000
of the working tradesmen of Dublin.
Mr. T. ELLIS brought in a bill to regulate the costs of
certain proceedings in the Prerogative Courts of Dublin. It
was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time on
Friday next.
Mr. T. ELLIS presented a petition from the Chamber of
Commerce of Dublin, praying for a repeal of the usury laws.
—The Hon. Member bore testipiony to the very great respect-
ability of the body from which {he petition came, and express-
ed his concurrence in the prayer, some part of which lie read to
the house.
Sir IL PARNELL spoke, several words to the same effect.
Alderman HE YGATE said he could not concur in the doc-
trines laid down by the petitioners.
Mr. CURWEN said, so impressed was he of the bad ten-
dency (of the bill for the repeal of the usury laws, that he would
oppose it whenever it should be brought forward.
Mr. SYKES thought that the fears of those who were
opposed to the repeal of the present laws were altogether un-
founded. _ _

Sir T. LETHBRIDGE was of opinion that the repeal of
the laws would be productive of many bad effects.
Mr. PIIILIPS was in favour of their repeal.
Mr. P. GRENFEI.I. concurred in opinion that the repeal
would be favourable to the public.
Mr. T. WILSON thought that if the present laws against
usury were repealed, the landed interest would he at the mercy
of the capitalists, whenever money rose to five per cent. They
would be then charged 6 or 7.
Mr. D. GILBERT differed from the last speaker. He was
of opinion that the repeal of the laws would be found highly
beneficial to the landed as well as to the monied interest.

The petition was then brought up and read,_ and after a few
words from Mr. SYKEs, Sir T. LETHBRIDGE, Sir E.
KNATCHBULL, Alderman HETGATE, and Mr. Mosex, it
was ordered to be printed.
Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from certain Mer.
chants and Manufacturers of Dublin and its vicinity, against
the Bill for regulating the Coal Trade of Dublin.
Mr. C. ELLIS supported the Bill.
Mr. S. RICE said, that there was a
.general impression in
Dublin that the Bill to which the Petition referred would, so
far from removing the difficulties under which the coal-trade
laboured, augment those difficulties in an extraordinary degree.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
COMBINATION LAWS.
Mr. PETER MOORE said, that as he understood that
many Gentlemen who wished to take a part in the discussion
on the motion of which he had given notice for the repeal of the
Combinination Laws, had stayed away from the House under
the impression that no public business of importance would be
entered upon this day, being Wednesday, he would decline
bringing forward his motion at the present day.
Sir E. KNATCH BULL presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Woolwich, against the House and Window Tax.
Mr. S. RICE presented a Petition from the Chamber of
Commerce of Dublin against the Dublin Coal Bill.
Mr. WODEHOUSE presented a Petition from a Land-
holder in Norfolk, complaining, that ander the operation of
the Excise Laws, he could not employ salt as an article of
food for his cattle.
Mr. CURWIN and Sir 1. Comm expressed a wish that the
Chancellor of the Exchequer would persevere in his intention
of repealing the remainder of the Salt Tax.
Mr. WORTLEY presented a Petition from the tanners of
a town in the West Riding of Yorkshire, praying for the re-
peal of the Leather Tax.
Mr. WORTLEY presented a Petition from the Inhabi-
tants of Sheffield, praying for the repeal of the House and
Window Tax.
Lord MILTON supported the Petition.
After a few words from Mr. MABIRLY, the petition was
ordered to lie on the table.
Lord ALTHORP presented a Petition from the Inhabitants
of Welbarston, in Northamptonshire, praying for the abolition
of slavery in the West Indian Colonies.
Lord STANLEY presented a Petition from the Licensed
Victuallers of Manchester, against the Bill permitting the re-
tail of beer by persons under the licence of the Board of Excise,
and without the license of a Magistrate.
Lord STANLEY presented another Petition, signed by up-
wards of 30,000 inhabitants of Manchester, praying for the
gradual abolition of Slavery in the West India Colonies. The
Noble Lord said, that he believed all the signatures to the
Petition were genuine. _

Mr. CUR'fRIS observed, that Mr. Corbett, the person about
whom so much had been said in the House last night, had been
in the habit of forging signatures to anti-slavery petitions from
Lancashire ; he did not know whether he had exercised his in-
genuity with regard to the present petition.
Captain BASTARD presented a similar Petition from the
inhabitants of Dartmouth.
Mr. T. WILSON presented a Petition, which he said was
signed by upwards of 1,100 of the moat respectable persons in
the city of London, in favour of the St. Catherine Dock Bill.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from the linen manufac-
turers of Dublin, praying that a fixed duty might be imposed
on foreign yarn imported.
Sir R. WILSON presented a petition from sertain journey-
men shoemakers, and another from certain journeymen brass-
founders praying for the repeal of the Combination Laws.
Mr. GIPPS obtained leave to bring in a Bill for the better
employing of agricultural labourers in the winter season. The
Bill was then read a first time, and appointed to be read a se-
cond time on Tuesday next.
Mr. EGERTON presented a petition from the Licensed
Victuallers of Stockport, praying for some alteration in the
Licensing Duties.
Mr. C. HUTCHINSON presented a petition from the
Grand Jury of the county of Tipperary, praying for the con-
tinuance of the bounties of coarse linen for the next ten years.
The Hon. Member also presented a petition from Mr. Dever-
eux and Mr. M'Donnell, two Irish Catholics of great opu-
lence and respectability, praying that the Irish Burial Bill may
not be passed into a law.
El/ .C. COLE presented a petition from Wisbath, in the
