THE POLISH MEETING.

TO 771 E EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sin,—l am directed by the Polish Committee to re-. 1
quest the insertion in your valuable Paper of the fol-
lowing Resolutions, which were passed at their meet-
ing, held on Saturday, Nov. 80, 1839.:-
1. That the Polish Committee, who represent a great
majority of the Poles resident in London, and who ori-
ginated the meeting held at Exeter Hall in commemo-
ration of the Polish Revolution of 1800, have perceived,,
with much concern, that the friends of some of the
Poles, who thought proper to hold a separate meeting
at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, thought proper also t
to characterize their own assembly as a." real demo-
cratical demonstration," sze., and to stigmatize the
meeting held at Exeter Hall as " Aristocratical," and
as " composed of indirect enemies of Poland," a calumny
sufficiently refuted by a mere reference to the nnmes
the English friends, who there supported General Dwer-
nicki and the Committee.

2. That the Polish Committee, having always eftlea-
voured to promote union and harmony amongst the
Poles, and to support the common cause of all, but
having failed on this occasion to prevent any division of
opinions and conduct., nevertheless resolved to abstain,
at Exeter Hall, from anything that could possibly be
construed into any hostility to the meeting held at the
Crown and Anchor, whilst the annexed resolutions,
which would have been moved by General Dwernicki--
but for the unseemly disturbance which took place, and
which would unquestionably have been adopted by all
the Poles then present—would also have proved to the
people of Great Britain that there is in reality and sub-
stance no difference amongst the Poles as regards their
attachment to their cause, and their views of the rights
and prospects of the Polish people.
3. That, however, from the moment they perceived
that their meeting was endeavoured to be converted,
from its sole and legitimate purpose of celebrating their
glorious national revolution of 1830, into an arena for
the discussion of English polities, they resolved to
draw from all participation in what they had neither
proposed, nor conceived it. their dutyto be actors.
4. That whatevor may:be. their opinions as to the
political and social re-construction of. Fioland—an opi-
nion which may be easily ptliered from the annexed
resolutions—they will never allow their cause to become
a question of parties er of individuals; but that inviting
all, excluding no one, from the great work of the re
storation of their unfortunate country, they will ever
strive, by all means in their power, to rest their clams
to British sympathy upon the broadest basis of national
'independence, freedom, and justice.
5. That notwithstanding the disgraceful disturbance
which disappointed their best expectations of the above-
mentioned meeting, they feel it their duty to return
their heartfelt thanks to G. A. Young, Esq., the Chair-
man, and to those Gentlemen who were to move and
second the resolutions as originally proposed, viz.—
Colonel Stanhope, Mr. Birkbeck, Mr. Edmond Beates,
Mr. Pritchard, and others.

I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
S. GAIE\VSKI,
Secretary to the Polish Committee.

The Resolutions which were to be moved by General
Dwernicki
That the Revolution of the 29th of November was
undertaken for the restoration of the whole of Poland,
as it existed before its first nefarious pavition in 1772,
and fur the emancipation of the people oppressed by the
preponderance of the privileged class, and pining in a
state of slavery. That it was not undertaken for the
maintenance of the mutilated Polish kingdom, consti-
tuted by the Treaty of Vienna, without the sanction of
the Poles themselves, and merely by the arbitrary will
of the three partitioning powers with the concurrence
of other nations, as reekiestly:inattenti%e to the rights of
that unfortunate country as careless of their own in-
terests. _ _

That although the object of that revolution, and the
labours of the Poles, have been frustrated by art and
treason, that struggle remains only in abeyance, and
Rill on the first opportunity, be renewed and continued
until the national independence of Poland and the
emancipation of the twenty millions of her people are
achieved.

That the Poles, taught by experience, that a reliance
upon the intervention of foreign Courts and Cabi—
nets, has been always most injurious to them, now
see the means of their security and restoration only in
their own exertions, assisted however, by the friendly
and powerful aid of the people of all those free nations
who feel sympathy and admiration for the exiled chil-
dren of Poland, and who perceive in her emancipation
the surest means of defeating the most odious despotisit
that ever threatened the liberty of Europe.
That, lastly, after the restoration of Poland to her
ancient limits, the Poles are decided upon a complete
reform of her political institutions and her social state,
upon the entire abolition of serfsbip and all obdoxious
distinctions and privileges, and upon the union of all
her inhabitants, without any exception, under the safe-
guard of fraternity, justice, and equality, in the enjoy-
ment of all civil and political rights, and just share in
the property of the sail, which they render fertile by
their labour.
