LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, JULY 14.

The large holders art not pressing their stocks on the Market, which
circumstance tends to maintain the rates in a steady position. The
demand to-day was small, only 2,000 bags having been sold :-250
Laguayra, Id.; 200 Bahia, 81d.; 200 Surat, 4 lid. 4id.; 120 Egyp-
tian, Sid. 12d. ; 1,230 American, sp. Sid. for Orleans.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY (THIS DAY), TWELVE O'CLOCK.
We have received Jamaica Papers to the 10th June. We extract
the following :

The House sat in Committee on the Apprenticeship Abolition Bill'
till a very late hour on Thursday evening. Mr. March succeeded after
a great deal of opposition and lengthened discussion, in substituting
three clauses he had prepared for the occasion in lieu of the original
clauses of the Bill. They declare more fully the en tire freedom of the
apprentices, and provide for the repealing of all laws relating to the
working of the apprenticeship, except such parts as relates to the repeal.
big of certain other laws, and also that three months notice should be
given to the apprentices before they can be ejected from their domiciles.

The opposition of many Members proceeded from the honest motive
of not clogging the Bill with unnecessary enactments, but the opposition
of Messrs. Jordan and Co. was certainly of a most extraordinary nature,
and really did not come with a good grace from them. Mr. Jordan par.
ticularly, contended that the negro would be subject to no inconve.
nience whatever, by a summary ejectment from his domicile, by the
proprietors.
ArrEeNooN SITTING.—The abolition of the Apprenticeship Act was
read a third time, upon which another discussion took place, and amend-
ments proposed by Mr. Penton and Mr. Batty. The latter gentleman's
having been agreed to, the Bill was passed.
The engrossed Bills passed this day were then sent over to their
Honours, the Council, by Messrs. Grey, Grossetts, and Jordan. •
By the above summary it will be perceived, that the Bill for the en-
tire abolition of the apprenticeship, has passed through all its stages in
the House of Assembly. We have our further fears that the Council
will endeavour to render nugatory, the best efforts of the House. The
Bill was before the House when the Express left Spanish Town.
By our files of Windward Island papers, we learn that at Barbadoes
Public meetings bad been held, to 6x a scale of labour, and rate of wages
to be adopted under the free system. There was a report prevalent at
Harbadoes that the Governor of that island was to remove to the Govern-
ment of Jamaica, vice Sir Lionel Smith, resigned.
Our Sydney papers are to the 16th February, and from them we learn
that ten steam-boats are now plying on the coast, and in the waters of
Port Jackson.

To the present hour we have not a feature worth noticing either in
the British or Foreign Markets, the Continental information being
of that dull and contradictory description, that the speculators and job.
bers are very cautious in. speculating.
Consols which closed on Saturday at 95h for the Account, opened
this morning at th• same quotation, Money 93 %4. Exchequer Bills,
73 75 prem.; India Bonds, 79; tank Stock, 205};; India Stock,
2661 2651,

_
In the Foreign Market the prices continue nominal as yet. Spa.
nish Active, 22 to M. with Coupons; Portuguese, 35i 36 ; Three
per Cents., 231 24 ; Brazillian, 791 801 ; Mexican, 25k; Colombian,
27i; Dutch, 54i %.
PRICES OF S'FOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock ........ 205 V, 534 Ic' St.''''"K , 6 I ,I 1 .••••
3 per Cent. Bari. . ..
9tl, %' D:tto ',otris .. 7, 79 pm
3 per Cent. Con.; .. 93.3001, Scuth Sol Stock
3% per Cent...~ -
Ditto Red......„ "...
... 101 li New Chin —
New 3% pee Cent 11,114%14 , 3 per Cent. Annuities, 17M...
New 5 par Cant.,..._ —.l EKch. iii114,..e1,'.11' ..... .73 75 76 Ora
Bank. L mgAnnuitiest.exPir, Ditto ' O. 71 75 76 pn:.
Jan. 5, 1863 1.54 7-16 D.tto Satan ......... .....73 75 76 pm
Oct. 10. 1859 — Ditto Conrnosciat - - pm
Jan. 5, Mu —' Ditto Advertise:l- ..... .... - - pm
Jan. 5, 1080 Sank .`:took for Accottnt... .....
April 5.1630
... 1.1,1'1 Roes for Acc 3 ant —
Jan. 5. 1810.....• — Copsol4 for A-connt 95'4 %
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THI3 DAY AT ONC O'CI,OCA.
Austrian Bonds . - Peruvian Hoods -
Belgian Bondi_ Ditto AC•COLint -
••••••••• • ...... • • -
Ditto Acconn* - Porttivenc 8and5....... -
Brazilian Bon,ts .., .. . ....... - tutu Ncw Bori..N ... 35" ti
Ditto Account ~ • - Ditto Acciqint ... 36
Buenos Ayrits Bqn,lg ...... ..... 17 IS Ditto,') per cent 2l
Dlttn Acconnt - ... ~. ..... .. . - Ditto Ace-iota -
Chillies: tionAs .....• .......". . ' _ er,..i.in I‘-unt5...... ....... .... • :-.
Ditto Account. - - 11.,ibeian ramie, iti,'?. ......
Columbian Bonds - ' Ditto Acmint......... -
Ditto Account - Ditto Meta6ic....... ..... .. ..... -
C)liimbiao 800,10,1624 - Spanish ilotots -
Ditto Accoun• 27% D.tto Accwnt...... ........ ... -
...
thrash floral, ... - liitto Mind:, Mt 0,14 i 1,..
Ditto Account - - Ditto Acconnt
great( 80nd5.... - Frcaeli, 5 ;let cent ... . ... -1. -
Ditto Bond,. 1'5'25 - _ I ref' ctrit . .. i. -,.
Ditko Accotnit ........... - -
,:ealcau Boni's, S p‘.-r cent.... - -
Data Accoulit ........ ..... .. - n,itch, •.:',4, r7r cer4 :4lAi
Ditto, 6 err cent - D.tto Account ........... ....„ _
M t.,. Account 2:0,4 Ditto, .. y.,sz :-.211^ lot.: llili
- 1/itto Ac.;,,,unt -
citiCES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. I'cr :ham
NI 1094
!a 611.105. 6d. -

Braish Iron Company
ReAldol lieststcr
Ditto Ibiregiacred
Edinburgh and Glasgow

Great Western :tal:iray C'mpany (.5 '75 6
Brighton itslilway Compart•

radonLo and I.ll,tkwall Railway • 5 - 4
1; n'lnn and Birmingham IZtilnay Company 9O 17i)
nn2on and ‘,rmiwich '...lwav Compair... 2o 144;
London and Croydon Railway Compary 23 15%
Ditto N CV Scrip
slanchestor and Birmingham Railway .. 7 734 N
Asphalte, Claridge's Patent
Bi 'fish North American Bank
Mexican and South American 5 (t
Provincial Dank of Ireland .25 42N4
HALF-PAST OA E.
The following Address was presented to his Excellency the Governor
of Jamaica by the Hon. House of Assembly :-
46 TO ISIS EXCV.LLENEV SIR LIONEL SMITH.

May it please your Excellency,
sc We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of
Jamaica, thank your Excellency for your speech at the opening of
the Session, and we duly appreciate the consideration evinced by your
Excellency in convening this General Assembly On the earliest day con-
sistent with the public weVare to tpeet the present emergency.
" On receiving the dispatch alluded to by your Excellency, we shali
proceed in the critical posture in which the island is placed to give to the
momentous matters submitted to us our most serious consideration. Ja-
maica does indeed require repose, and weanxiously hope, that should we
determine to remove an unnatural servitude, we shall be left in the
exercise of our constitutional privileges, to legislate for the benefit of all
ciasses without any further Parliamentary interference.
s, The apprenticeship was forced on the acceptance of the House
as one or the precautionary measures to be adopted in the transi.
tin from slavery to freedom, and wes a portion of our compensa-
tion ; while, therefore, we discuss the propriety of its abolition we
neither assures:: the responsibility nor exonerate the public faith."
REPLY OF HIS EXCELLENCY.

" I receive this your address with great satisfaction, feeling con Ildont
that will give a calm and di‘passionate consideration to the
ortant question, upon which you have been specially convened."
We have arrivals this morning from Rio Janeiro to the 27th May,
and from Buenos Ayres to the 20th May; but as yet we do not 11,1. r
that they bring any political news of importante. Exchange from
29i i; Stock, 88k.
We have nuinzrous arrivals this morning, that from Jamaica is the
.not important; it brings the abolition of the Apprentict ship on the
lot August, hy the House of Assembly, which is much approved of, as
being an act of humanity.
Consols arc a shade better than in the early part of the day, and may
be quoted i t 951 4 for Account, and for Money 93L ex dividend
Exchequer Bills higher, 76 prom ; India Bonds, 77 79 ; Bank Stock,
205 f:
Spanish Active, 221, with Coupons ; l'ortugues.e, 551; Three
per Cents., 2.1; Cilumblan 271 ; Mexican, 251 ; Dutch rwo.and-a-
Half per Cents. 5411.

---Share.. muell the same, Great Western 11 premium ; Brighton,
discount ; Birmingham, SO premium ; Greanwieh, 5 discount.
Wo bear cf a failure in the Share market, iu the Brighton Shares,
not of an extensive na'ure.

THREE O'CLOCK
Consols for Account, 651

Till I'4IEIV BARONETS.

~- -v..:_

tgonie f 4 tiricefertion;attsremarkg having appeared in
a Morning 13..ipe1, tut:chili; the resocetahhity of the Coro-
n.ition Btronetsi we give the following account of them
froth an authentic sourcej:—
thrl eiI:YELE§ PETER SIIAKERLEY, Of Serri:Ard, in
Cheshire, ig a . tsentiBman of great estates in the Palatinate;
ranking, both in degeortt s.hd foffune, antong the very first
edtnrnootts in the kingd4nl. ills landed possessions are
situated in Cheshire, Lancashire, and London; and
he is allied to many tiollle houses. Of his imrtlediate ancestor,
the gallant end loyal Sir aeolfrey Shakerley, of Solrerford,
a qu-lint and amusing anecdote is told In Pennant's Wales, of
the timely and valuable assistance he rendered to his Royal
Master at Rowton Heath. The new Baronet, who is cousin
to Sir Wt.tkin Wynne, was born 27th of December, 1792, and
has been twice married, his fit st.'w ife being Rosalba, daughter
of the Duke D'Avaray, and his second, Jessy, daughter of
Thcmis Scott, Esq., of Sbeppertott.
SIR EDWARD CIEOREIE EARLE Lyrtotit BuLwert, of Knob-
worth, in Herts, the populgte novelise, whose elevation has been
so much and so unfairly commented on, is the youngest son of
the late Brigadier-General Bulger, of IJeydon Hall, Norfolk,
by Elizabeth-Barbara, his wife, only dauglitar and heir of
Richard Warburton Lytton, Est of Knebsvorth Pork. lie
thus descends from two very ancient families, with which, in
poirit of distinction and public services, feat if any, of the
mushroom Baroness of the palmy days of Tory sarendancy,
could presume to olF.r a comparison. The Bulwers have en-
joyed extensive landed estates (still in their possession) since
the Conquest; and the Lyttoos, of equally remote origin,
have deserved well of the State, even from.the times of the
Plantagenets and Tudors. Sir Robert de Lytton, of Lytton,
in Derbyshire, was Comptroller of the Household to Henry
IV. ; his son, of the same name, Under Treasurer of the Ex-
chequer, and his descendant, Sir Rowland Lytton, of Kneh-
worth, Lieutenant of the county of HertFord, Commander of
the forces of that shire at Tilbury, one of its representatives in
Parliament in the reigns of Elizabeth and James 1., and Cap-
tain of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners to the former Mo-
narch. _ _

SIR PETER HESEETII FLEETWOOD, of Rosiall Hall, in Lan-
cashire, whose patronymic is Hesketh, being eldest son of
Robert Hesketh, Esq , by Maria, his wife, daughter of Henry
Rawlinson, Esq., M. P. for Liverpool, assumed the name of
Fleetwood upon inheriting the e.tates of a branch of that an-
cient family, of which Gen. Fleetwood, so distinguished in
the troubled times of Charles. 1., was a member. The Hes-
keths, from idiom Sir Peter paternally descends, owed their
original elevation to military achievements, and they have
flourished in the county palatine of Lancashire for more than
seven centuries up to the present period, being now in the
actual enjoyment of the greater part of the landed property
acquired at the commencement of that remote era. Sir Peter
was born in 1801, and married in 1826 Eliza Debonnaire,
only child of Sir Theophilus John Metcalfe, lint, of Fern
Hill, in Berkshire, which lady died in 1833.

SIR SAMUEL CROMPTON, of Woodend, near Thirsk, has
been in Parliament for nearly twenty years, and is the
representative of the Cromptons, of Derby, for more than a
century opulent and influential bankers in that town. The
family of Crompton was established in Derbyshire, by the
Rev. John Crompton, M. A., a pious and able divine, whose
devoted attachment to royalty entailed upon him the severest
sufferings during the ascendancy of Cromwell. At the pre-
sent time the Cromptons are widely spread over the Counties
of Derby and York, and in the latter shire Sir Samuel's
first cousin, Wm. Richard Crompton Stansfeld, Esq., M. P.,
possesses the beautiful scat of Esholt Priory. The new Ba-
ron-t merricd in 1829 Miss Cathcart, niece of the gallant
Earl Cathcart, and has issue.
SIR JOHN FREDERICK WILLIAM HERSCHEL is so WCII
known for his splendid scientific attainments, that his name is
regarded, by every admirer of genius, as one of the brightest
ornaments of the order of Baronet.

SIR ROBERT SHAFTO ADAIR, of Flixton llall, Suffolk, an
extensive landed proprietor in that county and in Somerset-
shire, descends from a distinguished lot anch of the ancient
Northumbrian House of Shafto, so often recorded in the tra-
ditions of the border minstrelsy. He succeeded, it may be re-
membered, a few years since to the lauded possessions of the
late Mr. Adair, the army agent, Sir Frederick Roe and Lord
Ashburton inheriting the vast personalty of that gentleman.
SIR CHARLES DENHAM ORLANDO JEPILSON, Of Mallow Cas-
tle, in the county of Cork, possesses a large estate there, and
represents an ancient family, the Jephsons, of Froyle, in
Hampshire, a scion of which, in the 17th century, Sir John
Jephson, Knight, M.P. for that county, marrying the daughter
and heir of Sir Thomas Norris, the Lord President of Mun-
ster, acquired with her the Mallow estate, on which the Jeph-
sons have since resided, maintaining a leading position among
the landed proprietors of the sister kingdom, and constantly
representing the borough of Mallow in Parliament.
SIR RALPH HOWARD, of Bushy Park, in the county of
Wicklow, Knight of that shire since 1829, and Co-
lonel of the Militia, is first cousin to the present
Earl of Wicklow, son of the Hon. Hugh Howard, and
grandson of the Right Hon. Ralph Howard, who, after rcpre-
presenting the county of Wicklow for several years in Parlia-
ment, was elevated to the Peerage in 1778. Sir Ralph
Howard, whose sister is married to Sir Honry Parnell's bro-
ther, wedded, himself, in 1837, to Lady Fanny Cavendish,
sister of the Earl of Burlington.
SIR JOHN DUNLOP, of Dunlop, in Ayrshire, lately Member
of Parliament for that county, elder son of General Dunlop,
M. P. of that Ilk, springs from an old Scottish family, which
can be traced by authentic evidence to William de Dunlop,
living in the reign of Alexander 111. The estate, an exten-
sive one, which Sir John possesses, has been in the family since
1260. He was born in 1806, and married, in 1829, Lady
Harriet Primrose, daughter of the Earl of Rosebery. The
late Mrs. Dunlop, of Dunlop, distinguished herself by the
patronage she afforded Robert Burns; and to her the Ayr
shire Bard has addressed several of his poems.
Sir JOHN PETER BOILEAU, of Tacolnestone Hall, Norfolk,
is son of John Peter Boileau, the descendant of a respectable
French family, by Henrietta, his wife, sister and heir of the
late Colonel Augustus Pollen, M. P. for Leominster, whose
extensive estates in Surrey, Essex, &c.. have devolved on the
Baronet, and his brother, the present Rev. George Pollen
Boileau Pollen, of Little Bookham. Sir John married Nov.
14, 1826, Lady Catherine Elliot, daughter of Gilbert, late
Earl of Minto, and is thus brother-in-law of the First Lord
of the Admiralty.
Sir JOHN HENRY SEALE, of Mount Boone, Lieut.-Colonel
of the South Devon Militia, and M. P. for Dartmouth since
1832; son and heir of the late John Seale, Esq., High
Sheriff of the County in 1797, descends from a family of
Seale, originally of Northumberland: about the close of the
reign of Elizabeth, Robert Seale, a scion of the Northum-
brian line, settled in Jersey, and from his only son, Thomas
Seale, who married Anne, daughter of Colonel Philip Car-
teret, Chief Justice of the Island, and Governor of Orgueil
Castle, derived John Scale, Esq., for whom was purchased,
during his minority, about a hundred years ago, "the goodly
heritage" of Mount Boone.
SIR DAVID ROCHE, of Caress, in the county of Limerick,
and of Barnetick, in Clare, a very opulent proprietor, has un-
interruptedly represented the great commercial city of Lime
rick since the passing of the Reform Bill. His family has
long been settled there in high respectability ; and Sir
David's grandfather, AlLrman David Roche, was Mayor of
Limerick in 1749.

SIR BENJAMIN HALL, of Llanover Court, in the county o!
Monmouth, possesses very considerable estates in. that shire
and Glamorgan. The latter county, his father, Benjamin
Hall, Esq., of Hensel Castle, son of the Rev. B. Bail, Chan-
cellor of Llandaff, represented for several years; and at his
death the noblemen and gentlemen of Glarnorganshire erected
a monument to commemorate his services and talents. Sir
.11.mjaolin was horn in 1802. and married, in 1823, Augusta,
daughter and co-heir of the late Benjamin Waddington, Esq.,
of Ll:inover. In 1832, he stood a severe contest for Mon-
mouth against Lord Worcester, and succeeded in defeating the
Noble Marquis.
Major-General S:r Jamrs Kvar.r.-MoNnv, of Hem House,
Herefordshire, Whetham in Wiltshire and Pit:ford, North-
amptonshire., represents the two ancient houses of Ernie of
Whetham, noel Kyrie of Horn House, in boil] of which Bt-
ronetcies formerly existed. Of the latter family was John
" the Man of Ross," so beautifully described by Pope;
;mil of ti r! former, the List male heir, the Right Hon. S r
John Ernie, Knt. of Whetharn, wai Chancellor of thct Ex-
chequer, temp. Charles 11. nod Jsines 11. Sir Times Money
married in 1811 Caroline Anne, eldest daughter of Robert
Taylor, Esq., of Gloucestmplace, Portman-square. His
estates are very extensive.

Stn WILLIAM Wortsrs.r, of Hovingham, in Yorkshire,
an influential landed proprietor in the. North sod East
Ridings, nearly related to • Earls do Grey and Ripon,
descends from the old Lancashire family of Worstey
of \Vcrsley, of which was Sir James \Vorsley, Knight,
who married the heiress of Appuldercombe, in the Isle of
Wight, and was ancestor of Sir Richard \Vorsley, of Appul-
dercombe, who obtained a Baronetcy in 1611. That title ,n-
-durnd until 1825, vi hen the late Sir Leonard Thomas \Vorslcy
Holmes died viithout male issue (see iNlr. Burke's tecently
published History of the Extinct and Dnrmant Baronetcies).
The new Baronet, sir Wigiam \Vorsley, of Ilovingliam,
married in 1827 Sarah Philadelphia, foutth daughter of
Sir George Caylcy, Bart., of Brompton, and has seve•al
children.

SIR BENJAMIN HEYWOOD, of Claremont, near Manchester,
the great Lancashire hanker, is probably one of the most opu-
lent commercial rn-n in England.
SIR EAST GEORGE CLAYTON EAST, of Ilalbplacc. in the
county of fleas, seeold son of the late Sir William Clayton,
P, for Gecat Marlow', by May. his mire, daughter and heir
of Sir liana Ea-t, ft,,rt., having inhelited
the lands and name of his rnwernal ancestors, hi.: patent may
be (I, emcd little more than a revival of that whic:t expired in
the East family ia 1826.
SIR MiertAct. Dit.t.oN BELL,cw,- cf Mount Bellew, in the
county of Galway, deacends from a common ancestor with
Sir Patrick Bellew. Baronet, of Barninth, and enjoys a very.
large estate in Con:;aught. The library :t Mount Bellex is
one of the best in Ireland, and under a family sr:dement, fir
Alichacl is obliged to augment it by a consi•ierable annual ex•
penditure.
Sit CHARLES GRANVILLE STUART MENTEATII, Of Close-
burn, in Darofriesallire, Viec-Lieutevant of that county, in
hich, and in Ayrshire, lie is a great landowner, represents a
branch of the old Scottish Earls of Mexteath, springing from
a yeunger brother of i'-:exatader, 6CI Earl, Sir John Menteath,
of Rushey, to whom history accrihcs the betiayal of Sir Wil-
liam Wallace. Sir Charles Menteath married Miss Lough-
nan, and has several chi:dica ; the cid, st daughter is the
present Countess of Marc.
Sia JOHN EnwAnns, cif Garth, ALP., for the Montgomery
burghs since the passing of the Reform Bill, is of accent
descent and extensive estates in North W:dcs. The seat,
whence the Baronetcy is designated, was acquired by his
grandfather, Humphrey Edwards, Esq., of Talgarth, by his

rmit'lldgtt with Cornelia, daughter and heir of Richard Owen,
Esq., of (I;irtli. Sir John Y. ns born in 1770, and has been
twice married: first, to Catherine; eldest daughter of Thomas
Browne, Esq., of :4Siilington Hali; and second, to lhrriet,
widow of John Owen Herbert, Esq., o4r Dohvorgan.
Sot J 1 0.1E3 CROFTON, t f Longforfl 1-lcuse, is a gentleman'
of fortune and Deputy L'.eu!enant of thecoonty of Sligo, con-
nected, We Lclieve, wiih the noble family ct Crofton. _ .

The Right Hon Sir MICHAEL O'LionLE:sr. Master of the
Rolls in I. eland, of a respectable family in CL•tre. of which
county his cider brother, Hugh O'Loghlen, Esq., of Port, is a
Magistrate and Gland Juror, owes his elevation to the same
source, whence the names of Bacon, Somers, Yorke,
Runkett; and Bushe have risen into importance—the pro-
fession of the la* ; and by all parties, be their political Lias
what it may, Sir Michael's pre-eminent legal attainments ate
acknowledged and allowed. Sir Michael O'Loghlen is con-
nected by marriage with Mr. Hewitt Bridgeman, the M P.
for Emil... and, we believe, with the newly al pointed Chief
Baron, Woulfe.
Liete.-General Sir LIONEL SMITH, the Governor of
Jamaica, K. C. 13.. a distinguished military officer ; the Right.
Hon. Sir JAMES FORREST, of Comiston, in Mid Lothian, the
Lord Provost of Edinburgh ; and Captain Sir Auous-rus
WILLIAM JAMES CLIFFORD, R. N., Gentleman Usher of the
flack Rod, have been created Baronets in consequence of
their high official appointments ; each, in his private capacity,
is a ge.:Aleman of reputation and high character.
SIR GErtoz NPPIIERsoN GRANT, of Ballindalloch, in El-
ginshire ; Sir .SOTIIEhToN BRANTHWAyT PECKHAM MICHEL-
THWAIT, of !ridge, SUssex ; Sir EDWARD MARWOOD EI.TON,
Of Widworthy Court, Devon ; Sir WILLIAM FOSTER, of the
city of Norwich; and 6? JoSIAII JoHN GUEST, of Dowlais,
GlamorganFhire, who are h?l welt known in their localities as
complete the roll of the
who fc w be seen from the persons of distinction and fc,•!,.'ne.
CoaoNATIoN BARONETS,
superior to many of
forego-
ing details, are, in point of birth, rank, and fortune, fully on a
par with all former creations, and vastl
the numerous elevations of the reign of George 111.
