F

Y'

:iqrTrit;nri ..re received n.er. areerat., `Bich he had
from ;the C;eotletnen of Lancashire and
I:enz rxrresSina; their tense of tie propriety of
vnhn-arV service,
...and there were many very
excellent resolutions to that etTeEt, yet it did
not appear that hithterto they had the men,
which . must be had, not that he doubted they
would he had, on the contrary he firmly believed it,
and the idea.: he had suggested by way of Amend.
ment to the Rill was founded upon that belief, and'
urn a convidion ot the propriety of gaining nine.
The way to obtain Volunteers was to shew the nr-.
cessity of the measure for the general safety. It
was merely to say to the People, if you do not vo.
lunteer in the service you must be compelled ; to
bring.from them this answer, if Parliament adopt
strong measures the necessity is urgent and greater
t!rm we thought it was, and therefore compulsion
will be necessary. Here then the whole Committee
was agreed that the voluntary service was the most
desirable, and every one should know that the other
conditions of the Bill ,should not be withdrawn.—
It nits supposed that he wished to do away the
other provisions of the Bill, in case a certain number
of men v lunteered;'so far was kith wish to do so,
that he meant the whole Bill should be in force, to
proviiie for any necessity that might arise ; it was
his objeel. to give power to'the King only to exempt'
some of the Classes, if the Volunteers were suf.,
'ficieot to answer the immediate purpose, the oh
jets} with him was, not to exempt any of; the
Classes from training, but to give power to the
King tri suspend the operation of the Bill in that
rarticair ur4ne of the Classes, in case the num..
'et of Volunteers should be sufficient for the pre_
sent purpose—but that His Majesty',; power should
remain entire upon emergency, to call fist the mi-
litary service of his Liege Subjcds. His objeft
svas to save time,. by putting into operation
trediately the First Class when compleated with
irtsliotteers.
Lord. CASTLEREAGH. observed, that the ob.'
jea of this Bill was to accomplish the point if pos..
sible by volimtary Service, and foi that purpose to
give the Croama pow.er•to-call on the first Clasi for
the purl sue. of being ready even before the objeels
of the restwof the Bill was accomplished—that was
to y, that the first Class should be full, those be.
tween 37 and 30, and that they might appear to re-
Ceive instralions before the test should he called
upon; by this the first Class might be summoned be.
fore the rest Was compleat.
After a few words from other Members tlle Corn-
mince proceeded upon the Clauses of • the Btll;• the
first three Were adopted without any amendinent.
On the subjea'.Of giving to days time to the
Constables, to make out a List of the. Persons liable
to be unrolled,
Mi. PITT said, that this appeared to him to he
rho' long in a matter in which delay was so much to
.be avoided, and therefore proposed 7 days instead
of to...which was adopted. •
Upon that part of the Bill which allowed 7 days to
every householder to make out a list of his inmates,
Mr! PITT upon the same principle as he had pro.
posed, and the Committee adopted the last amend.
mem, proposed that in this case two. days only
should
,be allowed instead of 7, which we under.
stood the Committee to adopt.
On the provision for exempting such. persons as
were serving by substitute in the Militia, a discus.
Sion of some length took place, principally between
Messrs.-SHERIDAN, PITT, the Ss CRETARY'Et WAR,
Mr..WINDHAM, the ATTORNEY GENERAL, arid
Lord I IA t 5 KFsBURY.
In !lie, count: of this, a number of observations
were trade, particularly by Messrs. PITT, SHE-
RIDAN, t:tl L •id llAwxistniay.
Mr. strongly objeaed to the ex.
emption, in 0 hic,n he saw neither justice, sense, nor
reason, ;inset therefote, in concluding, Armed that
the word '' Sulmtitu!e".be omitted. • •
The of Mr. SHERIDAN were support.
ed and enlOrced by Mr. PITT, Mr. WINDHAM,
and to a 6ert:iin extent by what fell from the CHA:C.
CELLoR of the 'EXCHEQUER and Lord HAWKER.
tulty..
The'Sec-ttrrattY at WAR an the ATTORNEY
GetitittALargued in favour of the exemption, in
which they-were supported by a fewiii6servations
froM Mr. TIERNEY, who strongly ol.merved upon
,the hardship whiCh the poorer tradesmen would ex.
perienee, in being
,obliged, under this
,measure to
shut up their shops, &c.
The word substitute," was then 'ordered to
be omitted:
The Secitrrafty at Wax then observed, that
as the Committee had decided on that principle,
tfiey, doubtless, meant it should •extend to those
serving by substitutes in the Army of ReServe.
This prov‘sition induced a conversation of con.
siderable length—Messrs, PITT, WILBERFORCE,
TIE RNT Y, SHERIDAN, LOll CASTLEREAGH, and
General TARLEToN were the principal speakers, in
the course of which it seemed to be the opinion of
the Committee that the exteh •
310/1 was proper.
3(1"le Amendments were made in the relevant
Clauses, with a view to 'enable the • Ccinstahles to
make (n„sto it accurate Lists.to Mc
e r
dy of
px eased his opinion that, with respectcu
should ve the Arms, the Deputy Lieutenants
such as some' power of appointing other persons,
the
Gentlemen of rttpettability, besides
Churchwardens and Constables.
Some further amendmznts were made on ate mtg.
gestion of Mt. PITT, Mr. SHERIDAN, and others.
In the discussion of. those provisions relative
to the arrangement. of the classes, and the order
of ending upon them for aflual service,
Mi. PITT made a number of the most interest.
fit observations, delivered in a stile of eloquence
the most animated. and iMpressive.we ever remem-
bet to havC witnessad. He strongly enforced the
expediency of •Cairying the present measure into
effeet as soon as possi:t:e—such a state 'of
Preparation would, not withstanding all the vain.
glorious boasting and vaunts of our ambitious ene-
tuj',' create a degree 4 iiesitation in his mind as to
the much talked of projed of Invasion. They could
look to the result. with confideoce, it woulsi end all
mlaims, and be in part the commencement of an
211.8 of pew security and tranquillity to those Islands
--nay more, it might eventually tend to the eman.
(Illation of the Continent from degradation and
slavery.

Some p,ropastticns tirgea by Mr. PItT 300., cline
ether Gentimen, were reserved .f,„; future conkider;i_
tion, as the ad.litionainumber.of days to he allotted
-for trA.ning, the payment of the men, •
Respeaing the provisi(M
,for setting apart Sun.:
day as a day for training, a discussion of great
length arose; it was opposed by Mr. R. Ttronw.
TON, who alluded to the dissatisfaaion which pre.
nailed, on religious grounds, among great numbers,
at such an arrangement.
His objcaions Were strongly supported by Mr.
WILBERFORCE.

General MAITL.AND and Sir W. ERsKi xr. stated,
that in Scotland, no force whatever would be !,ul-
- to inclace the people to exercise on Sudays.
Mr. GRAW: expressed the same opinion.
Mr. PITT defended the principle upon which the
Clause was originally framed, particularly as apply.
ing to England, At some length, and with great abi-
lity. He resisted the proposed omission of the word
" Sunday." •

This part of the discussion terminated in the in-
trodudion, after Sunday, of the words or 1' other
additional day or days."
The remaining Clauses and Provisions of the Bill
were, in the course of a very long and, desultory
discussion, and the adoption of a few Amt.:min-tents,
disposed of by the Committee, and the House re.
seining, ordered the Report to be received to-
morrow.

Some additional Clauses, were reserved f,r the
third reading, which it was thought-would take
Otte:. on Friday,
The remaining Orders of the DA), were then dis.
posed-of, and at half pitt three o'clock the Howe
adjourned till to:morrow, (this day.)
