STATE OF THE NAVY-FOREIGN

NAVIES.

is ready to pounce upon Turkey at the earliest opportunity
We know she has a fleet of 12 sail of the line in the Black
Sea and nearly 30 in the Baltic, with four months' provi-
sions on board, and is it right that we should only have
three 74's weakly manned in this country and three three-
deckers not manned at all.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sta—The season being too far advanced for the Rus-
sians to pay us a visit in London, I request you will be
good enough to publish the accompanying letter I wrote some
time ago to Lord Palmerston on the State of the Navies
of the different Maritime Powers—since which time a force
has been very properly sent into the Gulph of Mexico, to
watch the motions of the French squadron ; and it is to be
regretted that instead of ordering Sir Robert Stopford to
return to Malta, with the greatest part of the Mediterra-
nean squadron, he had not been re-inforced with the three
three-deckers we have in England immediately after the
publication of the treaties with Turkey and Austria, and
ordered to pass the winter in the Dardanelles, and at
once ascertain whether Russia is prepared to maintain the
Treaty of Unkiar-'Skelessi or not. It is no use any longer
mincing matters with the Autocrat : his progress must be
stopped in the East, and his powerful fleet in the Baltic
reduced, or such a flame lit up in Cronstadt and Sebastopol
as would require all the water in the Black Sea and Baltic
to extinguish.
Instead of issuing out placards to ask the seamen to
enter for five years, when we know they will not come for-
ward for three, we ought at once to offer a bounty, increase
the pay of the petty officers, restore the pension after four-
teen years' service, and open the situations in the Dock-yards
as a reward for good services. Men would then come for-
ward, and we should be enabled to fit out a fleet before the
spring, and at once come to a clear understanding with Rus-
sia. If peace can be pre3erved, a powerful armament is the
best means of doing it. If not, the sooner we go to war
the better.—l am, Sir, your obedient servant,
Nov. 26, 1835. CHAS. NAPIER.

It was never before known in the history of England,
during a profound peace, that a foreign power kept a fleet
of nearly 30 sail of the line ready for sea, within a few day's
sail of our own shores, without our having a fleet to pro_
tect us.

As long as Russia keeps such a force, we dare not make
a severe remonstrance. She knows we cannot suddenly
man a fleet without impressment, which would be most un-
popular, and nearly impracticable.
I have heard it observed that we had no right to be
jealous of the naval force of Russia, as we had no quarrel
with her. A quarrel is, however, easily got up. It has
been shown in the House of Lords beyond a doubt that
orders have been given to detain Sardinian ships of war in
the event of their assisting Don Carlos in the south of
Spain. What answer could we give to Russia were she
to insist on the withdrawal of that order ? We must sub_
mit. Yes, my Lord, Great Britain must either succumb to
Russia, or run the risk of seeing a fleet of 30 sail of the
line at at the mouth of the Thames, and an army of 50,000
men landed in our country, who would burn our fleet, de-
stroy our arsenals, plunder London, and return to the Bal-
tic with a rich booty befor,. our eyes were open. We have
done the same thing ourselves at Copenhagen and Wash-
ington, and we are at this moment more unprepared than
either the Americans or Danes were. I have assisted at
more than one coup de main in my life, and the more hazar-
dous they appeared the more successful they generally were.

It was declared both in the House of Commons and House
of Lords that the British navy was never in a more efficient
state than at present, and it was added (as reported by the
Times) that there was no call so sudden bat that we could,
with the greatest ease and expedition, equip a very large
and powerful fleet. Such a declaration is quite sufficient to
lull your Lordship and the whole country into a state of
perfect security ; but I am sorry to say I cannot at all
agree with these opinions.
At the present moment we have in England
3 three-deckers, with about 200 men in each.
3 two ditto 500
In the Mediterranean
1 three-decker.
1 two ditto 92 guns.
3 ditto ditto 80
2 ditto ditto 74
At Lisbon

MY LORD—As I feel quite convinced you are not at all
aware of the time necessary to augment our navy in the
case of need, and as I believe the Government entertain
very erroneous opinions on that subject (judging from the
Parliamentary Reports), I feel it my duty as a naval offi-
cer to point out to you, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the
state of the different navies of Europe, as also the condition
of our own, in order that your Lordship, who is best ac-
quainted with our diplomatic relations with foreign states,
may judge, whether it is safe to remain in the defenceless
state we have been in some time.

In writing to your Lordship, I mean no disrespect to the
Board of Admiralty, and your Lordship is quite at liberty
to make what use you please of this letter. Opinions have
been expressed in Parliament with which I entirely dis-
agree ; those opinions may mislead you in your foreign po-
licy, anti I consider it my duty to point out to you the
difficulties we shall have to contend with in the event of a
sudden armament.
The French Navy consists of
11 three-deckers, mounting 126 guns.
23 two ditto, from 90 to 100
23 ditto ditto 82

2 ditto ditto 74

In India

1 ditto ditto 74
At the Cape
1 ditto ditto 74
In America
2 ditto ditto 74

In addition to the above they have between 40 and 30
frigates, mounting 60 guns, 30 armed steam-boats, and
small frigates, corvettes, and brigs in proportion.
The Russian Navy in the Baltic consists of
3 three-deckers of 110 guns.
6 two ditto 84
18 ditto ditto 74
1 frigate 56
1 ditto 52
17 ditto 44
3 corvettes,
besides a large number of brigs, cutters and gun boats.
In the Black Sea they have 12 sail of the Ist class
three-deckers, 10 frigates of 60 guns, 4 corvettes 24 guns,
10 brigs of 20. In the Caspian Sea they have several
steam boats, and a flotilla of gun boats.
The American Navy consists of
1 three-decker of 140 guns
11 two ditto from 80 to 100
1 frigate 64
14 ditto from 50 to 60
2 frigates of 44
15 corvettes and brigs from 15 to 24,
besides small craft and steamers.

The Egyptians and Turks possess about 20 sail of the
line, large ships, with several very fine frigates, and small
craft in proportion.
Holland, Denmark, and Sweden, can muster about 24
sail of the line.
The British Fleet consists of
23 three-deckers 4, of which are building
3 two-deckers of 92 guns, 2 ditto
28 from 80 to 84
47 from 70 to 78 2 ditto
13 frigates of 50 guns, 32-pounders
8 frigates of 52 guns, 24-pounders
57 ditto from 42 to 46, 3 of which are building
10 ditto of 36 guns, 6 ditto
15 ditto of 28 guns
ditto of 26 3 ditto
59 corvettes from 16 to 24, 6 ditto
92 brigs, cutters, and schooners from 4 to 10 guns
68 steamers of all descriptions, few of which are fit for

war.

Were all these ships fit for service, which they are not,
we should have sufficient to contend with any two nations
with whom we might be engaged in war, provided they
sent their ships to sea in fleets for the express purpose of
trying their strength with us ; this they would not do, but
would probably assemble squadrons in different ports, ready
to put to sea and attack our colonies and convoy s, and we
snould be obliged not only to keep squadrons to watch
theirs, but also ships to protect our colonies and trade,
which together with the necessary reliefs, would give full
occupation to all the ships in the navy, and a great many
more.

The greater number of our first rates, as well as the
second, are fit to take their stations in a general action,
but those from 70 to 78 guns are totally unfit to contend
with the greater number of the line of battle ships o f
other nations ; our frigates of 50 and 52 guns are also good,
but they are few in number ; and the 46's now-a-days are
almost useless, and the 28's entirely so.
Having stated the number of ships possessed by the dif-
ferent maritime nations, I shall now proceed to show what
porportion of their ships are actually in commission, and
the probable time required by each to put its navy in a fit
state for war.

Russia, of late years, has been in the habit of keeping
27 sail of the line, and a proportionate number of frigates,
and small craft, ready for sea every summer in the Baltic,
about eight sail of the line of this fleet are constantly in,
training, during the su:nmer months, and the crews to
complete the whole are regimented, and kept in constant
readiness for embarkation.

In the Black Sea she has 12 sail of the line always in
commission, and manned, and I believe can increase them
to 18.

France has twenty-two sail of the line in commission—
they are not kept in a fleet menacing our shores as the
Russians are. They are distributed over different parts of
the globe. France has also a regular system of manning
her navy, and although I do not quite agree with the Editor
of the Standard, that she could send fifty-seven sail of the
line to sea in six weeks, because I know the difficulty of
fitting out such a force, yet I admit that by means of her
maritime conscription she could call men together, such as
they are, without any great difficulty or inconvenience, and
certainly before we could possibly man a fleet.
It is not, however, France, that we have at present to
fear ; it is as much her interest as it is that of England that
both countries should be united in the bonds of friendship,
and as we have passed over her permanent occupation of
Algiers (whether wisely or not I shall not inquire) I see no
reason at present to be jealous of her augmenting her naval
force as long as she does not menace our shores with a large
fleet full manned and ready for sea, or take permanent pos-
session of any part of South America, which we certainly
ought not to permit.
It appears to me that Russia is the power that ought to
excite the jealousy of this country, not because she has the
least wish to go to war with England, for she is too wise to
desire that as long as she can extend herself and increase
her power in peace ; but, my Lord, are we to continue with
our eyes closed, when an energetic display would at once
oblige her to creep into her shell ?
We have seen Poland, contrary to treaties, disappear
from the map of Europe ; we have seen Moldavia and
Wallachia become almost Russian provinces. We now see
the Autocrat endeavouring to conquer Circassia, and the
Paella of Egypt (probably at his instigation) preparing to
declare himself independent. We know that Russia has a
large flotilla in the Caspian Sea, that she is intriguing with
Persia, and menacing our possessions in India and that she

The above is a statement of our ships of the line in com-
mission. The three-deckers at home are not manned, and
all our ships are weakly manned ; and two line of battle
ships with no lower deck guns, and only 400 men, bearing
Admirals' flags, are employed, one at the Cape and another
in India.

In addition to our ships in commission, we have, I be-
lieve, 15 demonstration ships of the line, that is to say,
ships fit to receive men ; their masts and yards are ready to
be sent on board, and the rigging and sails are nearly
complete.
At Portsmouth there are five more sets of masts and
yards, and five sets ready to be put together, but no rigging
or sails, and I presume the other yards are in the same state.
Now, my Lord, I will suppose that you received infor-
mation that the Russian fleet had embarked a land force
and sailed from Cronstadt, which we know very well they
could do without difficulty. We have already seen ten
sail of the line arrive at Spithead when we only expected
four ; and Captain Crawford has seen 27 sail get under
weigh, in three divisions, with four months' provisions on
board, the seamen drilled for the land service as well as for
the navy ; and we know very well that for a short voyage,
and in summer, the Russian fleet could, with all their small
craft and steamers, without even taking up transports, em-
bark a very large force.
If they managed matters well, and started with the first
of an easterly wind, they would be on our coast nearly as
soon as you could receive information ; but I shall suppose,
for argument's sake, you received a week's notice.

What would happen ? Orders would be issued to corn-
plete the guardships, the demonstration ships would be
commissioned, an embargo would be laid on, and press
warrants issued, which many magistrates would not back ;
hut even if they did, who is to execute them ? Ships of
war you have none. The civil power would not be strong
enough. The Revenue cutters could not. The few troops
we have in England would be concentrated near London,
and could not be employed in the impress service. The
Marines in barracks would not complete half our ships ;
all would be bustle and confusion ; and we should ulti-
mately be obliged to trust to the seamen coming volunta-
tarily forward. Would they come ? No person can an-
swer that question ; if they did, we could equip those ships
in ten days or a fortnight ; if they did not, they would not
be equipped in three months ; but even should they be
ready for sea in ten days they would not be in time to
save London from pillage, and our fleets and arsenals to the
eastward from being destroyed.
Ought such a state of things to be allowed to continue ?
Certainly not. What is the remedy ? Full man a 1 our
ships in commission and commission more.
The reply to that would be—the men will not enter,
and we do not like to impress.
Restore to the seamen their pensions after fourteen years'
service, give the first class petty officers double the sea..
man's pay, the second class one half more, you would then
get men ; if that fails give them a bounty.
As the men come forward, disembark half the Marines,
and fill up their places with able seamen. The Govern-
ment and the Board of Admiralty would then be able to
tell the country with confidence that a powerful fleet could
be expeditiously equipped, because, on the first alarm, one '
watch from the ships in commission could be instantly
discharged into an equal number of demonstration ships,
and the Marines of both being completed to the war esta-
blishment, the navy would be at once doubled, and thus
having a good ground work, the newly-entered men would
be easily taught their duties.
Whereas, at present, even should men come voluntarily
forward, and work with all their hearts and souls, and tit
out a fleet with the expedition the Government anticipates,
still, for want of experience, they would be totally unfit to
contend even with the Russians. A ship of war, my Lord,
even with the most experienced officers (and they are not
numerous), cannot be disciplined in a day ; and we must not
fancy, because we were constantly successful last war, we
are to be equally so after a peace of upwards of twenty
years, during which time other powers have increased and
improved their navies in about the same proportion that we
have retrograded.
Our ships should be kept as much at sea as possible, and
as many together as the nature of the service will admit, in
order to create a spirit of emulation amongst them ; we
should then make good officers, and retain the dominion of
the seas ; if, on the other hand, the ships are kept weakly
manned, and constantly in port, the officers will be no better
than those brought up in merchant-men, and we most cer-
tainly shall be defeated in the first onset, and the country
ruined.
It was observed in the House of Lords that the Com-
mons would make no difficulty in voting men if asked for.
The Government incur a great responsibility in not asking
for men, and a fearful responsibility in not even employing
those voted by Parliament, particularly now, when besides
the immense force kept up by Russia, the Americans in
Congress have unanimously declared their right to the
boundary of 1783, and the French are sending a powerful
force into the Gulph of Mexico, which force is watched by
a Commodore in a ship at Jamaica, unfit to go to sea.
In writing this letter to your Lordship, I beg to assure
you I have no other feeling than for the honour and safety
of the country, which I think are in danger, and I assure
your Lordship our present defenceless state is talked off in
many circles, and I wish to bring it under your consideration.
Whether you will take this in good part or not I cannot
tell. I assure you I am a friend to the present Ministry, and
I wish to remain so, but as a Naval Officer, seeing our dan-
ger, I think it my duty to point it out, and I do it to your
Lordship because you are the Foreign 11linister, because I
have the honour of your acquaintance, and because you are
the best judge of the state of our foreign relations.
I have the honour to be,
Your Lordship's obedient servant,
CHARLES NAPIER.
Merchistoun Hall, Horn Dean, Sept. 12, 1881.

THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1838.

THE NAVY.--RUSSIA.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlR—Tile time has arrived when it is absolutely neces-
sary for the safety of the nation, that some decisive steps
should be taken to place her Majesty's fleets in a position
to meet in battle, with a certainty of success, not only the
maritime force of Russia, but the combined navy of Europe,
if arrayed against them. It ic, Sir, but too evident that
imaginary security, mistaken economy, and long neglect,
has been allowed to lull the nation into repose, while one of
the most ambitious powers in the world has been gradually
extending her territory, encircling the weaker European
States, and perseveringly increasing her maritime force, so
that in the short space of one month, if it pleased the Czar,
Russia could rendezvous seventy sail of the line, with a
proportionate number of frigates and sloops, in the English
Channel. Such, Sir, is our present position ; that Power
having thirty sail of the line in the Baltic, and forty sail of
the line in the Black Sea, all in high order, commanded by
Russians, educated in the British navy.
It was a common observation, both of Lord Nelson and
Lord de Samaurez, that the young Russian officers then
serving in the fleet, were acquiring a lesson, that would
hereafter prove injurious to England. In those days,
France occupied all our thoughts ; Russia was so weak that
the possibility of her becoming such a gigantic naval Power
was never anticipated. Faithfully to point out the only
possible means of meeting this emergency, by efficiently
manning our fleets, will be the subject of this letter, for as
my gallant brother-officer, Capt. Napier, truly says, it is not
alone on ships (of which we have enough), that our safety
mainly depends ; it is on officers and men. It requires no
ghost from the grave to tell us of the thousands, and tens of
thousands, of British seamen who have, from injustice, mi-
sery and wretchedness, sunk into the silent tomb, and of
die hundreds of brave officers, in every rank, driven from
their land by the neglect of their just claims, to pine in
misery on their small half pay, being totally unable to
to support their families in their own country. Let, Sir,
say man of common candour look at the present Naval List,
and there see Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants,
from thirty to forty years' standing, who have fought and
bled in every quarter of the globe, and many of whom
were in the battle of Trafalgar, the comparative naval Wa-
terloo of England, without even an honorary distinction ;
and the cruel case must not be forgotten of dozens of fine
young Midshipmen, who, having served their regular time
and passed their examination for Lieutenants, continue
ten and twelve years in that inferior station, merely from
not having Aristocratic interest to obtain fairly earned
promotion. Shame, shame, on men in power, who
n quietly and unfeelingly witness such injustice,
whilst they are lavishing thousands a year on boys
in civil Departments because they are so fortunate as
to be connected with some Court sycophant ! Enough,
Sir, of the past—injustice and oppression have had
their reign ; a better system must he adopted, or the
ruin of the British Navy is inevitable, for the time has gone
by when either white or black slavery can be tolerated
under the British flag. Then comes the grand question, Are
we to man our fleets by impressment, and the old detestable
system of drafting the most depraved characters from our
common gaols ? Are British seamen to be branded with
Impressment on their brow, and forced to serve with com-
mon criminals? Are the brave defenders of their country,
merely because they are sea-faring men, to be the only class of
Britons subject to so degrading a coercion, whilst the very
negro is now supported in his claims for just treatment ? I
impossible--absolutely impossible ! The Reform Bill, the
Slave Emancipation Act, and, above all, a more Christian
feeling now pervading this country, will raise the voice of
the whole nation to compel her rulers to fairly remunerate
our defenders for their arduous services by good bounties,
the payment of higher wages than can be obtained in the
merchants' service, the restriction of punishments, enlist-
ment for limited service, with permission to visit their fami-
lies, in addition to Napier's plan for the registration of
seamen. Thus, Sir, a plan on the broad principle.; of jus-
tice, might be formed to quiet all alarm on the score of man-
ning our fleets—a subject which now engrosses the attention
of the public. The Lords of the Admiralty are men of expe-
rience and high character, but they are in office ! A tremen-
dous responsibility rests with them, and to them the coun-
try looks in the present crisis. Let them throw a mis-
taken economy to the winds ; and should they fail in carry-
ing measures of such vital importance, let them evince
their independence by immediately resigning. Captain
Napier states that ten sail of the line should be ready for
sea in the Spring ; but if Government has any reason to
suppose that Russia is playing a deceitful game, thirty sail
of the line should be in the Baltic next May, and
thirty more, with steam-ships, should pass the Dar-
and destroy at once their fleets and naval depots ; for if
England's dominion on the seas be once questioned, adieu
to her commercial and maritime prosperity. The Russian
Eagle would quickly bend her flight to our Indian posses-
sions, and, ere long, flap her wings in triumph on the pin-
nacle of the Eddystone Lighthouse.
I remain, Sir, your obedient Servant,
D. L. ST. CLAIR, R.N.
Staverton Court, Nov. 24.
