SCOTCH ENTAILS,

Mr. KENNEDY, in moving, pursuant to notice, for
leave to brine in a Bill to alter the law of Entail in Scot-
land, took that step saith the full accordance of many of
those who lived under the operation of that law. That law
had been originally made with e view to sustain the aristo-
cracy of Scotland, but unless some alterations were soon
made in the system, it would cause the downfall of that
order. One especial reason he had for the introduction of
such a remedy was, that he was himself interested in it,
as he lived under the tyranny of that law. In 1685, the
Scotch Parliament passed an Act, enabling the proprietor
of a fee simple estate to nominate numerous unborn heirs
to it in perpetuity, and so to regulate the appropriation of
it through successive generations, that any ect of any of
the possessors for the time was held invalid if against the
intention of the original entailer, and the property was for-
feited by the possessor so acting against the will of the en-
tailer. By one of the clauses of that Act, the entails were
required to be recorded ; and, from the records, it appeared,
that from 1535, up to the present time, the num-
bar of entails made was not less than 1645. The con-
sequences of this system were the prevention of the
natural influx of English capital into Scotland, and the
creation, iu Scotland, of a race of absentee aristocracy.
He was sure that if this law were modified it would cause
much more capita! to be employed in Scotland, and intro-
duce many other improvements into that country. So
greatly were the inconveniences he had mentioned felt that
in 1717 au Act was passed to encourage the improvement
of land, which was completely stopped by the then state of
the laws. Those laws were said to be intended to uphold
the aristocracy ; but they must end by reducing it to beg-
gary. They gave each heir the power of robbing his suc-
cessor, by providing not for the living family merely, but
for the different branches of that famiiy. In 1826 Mr.
Irving published a hook on the state of the law regarding
entails in Scotland, in which the whole of these vexations
were diecussed with remarkable acuteness. There was
another gentleman of great literary eminence, Mr. Sel-
kirk, whose statements were entitled to great attention ;
indeed the measure he was so anxious to submit to the
House was founded upon the views of that gentleman.
He wished it to be understood that he proposed to except
from the operation of the new law, or rather to leave un-
der that of the old, the Peers who at this time possess
property in Scotland. This was a concession to what he
must call prejudice ; fur it would not be found, on com-
parison, that the Peerage of England had maintained itself
with loss splendour than that of Scotland, although bound
by a less rigid rule of law. Although he wished the main
operation of the law to be made prospective, he could not
help thinking that what was bad fur the future, must be
bad at present, and he proposed, therefore, to touch the
property now held under entails. What he proposed would
not injure one substantial interest of any individual, as he
was ready to pledge himself to prove, to the satisfaction of
the Committee op stairs.--(blear.) He begged to move

for lcir,= to bring in a Bill, to alter and amend the law of
entail in Scotland.

The question having been put,
The LORD ADVOCATE did not object to the man-
lier in which the Flon. Member proposed to bring the sub-
ject before the House, as during the time it was up stairs
the country would have an opportunity of expressing its
opinion on this important measure. It was the more ne-
cessary to give the country this opportunity, as it was the
very obvious tendency of the Bill to do away with en-
tails entirely in Scotland.—(No, no, from Mr. Kennedy.)
He could not see what other tendency the giving every
heir the power of disentailing one-third of his entailed es-
tates could have ; for thus, iu the course of three succes-
sions, the whole of an entail estate might be alienated. ?le
thought that the people" of Scotland were not prepared for
su violent a measure.
Mr. SUGDEN did not approve of the measure, as it ap-
peared to him to strike at the root of all the settled pro-
perty of Scotland. He should, however, watch itt pro-
gress, and if he found it was only intended to give a rea-
sonable liberty in the disposal of property in Scotland, he
should be happy to concur in it.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL suggested, that the
Hon. Member had better divide his subject into two parts
—that which regarded the future, and that which regarded
the present.
Mr. KENNEDY did not propose to do away entirely
with entails in Scotland ; all be wished was, to establish
a better system of entails. Leave was then given to bring
in the Bill, and Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Abercromby were
appointe,l to prepare it.
COLONIAL SLAVERY.

Mr. WILMOT MORTON rose, pursuant to notice, to
move for Minutes of Evidence taken before his Majesty's
most Hon. Privy Council, in the matter of the Demerara
and Berbice Manumission Order in Council. I move for
those Minutes of Evidence, in order that they may be laid
upon the table of the House and printed. I beg, at the
same time, to be understood, in what I am about to say,
to have had no communication with any member of the
Government on the subject. I;was myself present at the Privy
Council during the discussion, and it is in consequence of
what I then learned that I now, as an individual member
of the House of Commons, think it my duty to raake this
motion. That resolution (the Right Hon. Gentleman
continued) was to this effect—" That the stare of Sla-
very is repugnant to the spirit of the British Law."
That resolution was rejected by the House, and others were
subinittei, partly to the following effect :—" That the
House was anxious to pass such laws as may be compatible
with the well-being of the slaves themselves, the safety
of the Colonies, and the interests of private property."—
it vas necessary to observe the series of circumstances
which had conducted them to that point at which the Ber-
bice appeal had been brought. The appellants prayel
that his Majesty would be graciously pleased not to issue
any orders in Council, to enable the slave in Berbice to
obtain his freedom by appraisement, or otherwise, without
allowing the petitioners to he first heard by their Counsel.
The Right Hon. Gentleman begged to observe, that with
respect to that clause of compulsory manumission, his ob-
servations had contained no direct allusion to it. The his-
tory of the clause was this ; the resolutions of 1823
pledged the House to the alternative of reconciling the
freedom of the slave, by purchase or otherwise, with the
interest of the master. Earl Bathurst, in his despatch
dated the 9th of July, sent out certain instructions to the
West Indies, requesting the Legislative Colonies, and di-
recting those which were more immediately under the con-
trol of the Crown, to adopt measures in furtherance of the
principles contained in that elespatch.l
,In that despatch
no allusion was made to the subject of manumission ; but
at the same time Sir R. Woodford, the Governor of Tri-
nidad, was directed to prepare the draft of an Order
in Council embodying all those instructions ; and, in
fact, those instructions, with the single exception of
the principle of slave evidence, upon which there un-
doubtedly was now more accordance than upon any other,
were sanctioned by the whole of the West India body.
in England. Sir Ralph Woodford, in obedience to Lord
Bathurst's despatch, framed the draft of an order in council
according to the Spanish law on that subject as it existed
in the Colony of Trinidad. Mr. Canning, at the time he
brought forward his motion in the beginning of 15124, had
laid down these as the principles of the Government :
that it was expedient to collect together all the various
measures of improvement to be found in any part of the
West Indies; to concentrate them and to form them into a
general slave code for the West Indies; consequently, com-
pulsory manumission, or manumission by appraisement,
being found to be part of the law of Trinidad, was deemed
expedient to be introduced into this general code, and the fact
was announced accordingly to that Hettwe by Mr. Canning.
No sooner was it extended, or proposed to be so, to De-
marara and Berbice, than the Court of Policy there, to
which was entrusted the duty of preparing a general law
on the subject, condensing and interweaving the Dutch
law with the Spanish law, recognised in the instructions
issued from home, made a strong protest against this pro-
posal of compulsory manumission. Protests were sent over
to the Secretary of state ; difficulties and inconveniences
were discovered to attach to it, and the Government here
were prayed to modify, or revoke it altogether. Volu-
minous documents had been from time to time laid on the
table of the House connected with that subject ; but though
much information was conveyed in the despatches to the
Secretary of State, no law was yet in operation in De-
merara, as to compulsory manumission, varying from
that law which existed in Trinidad. Now, he would go
to the length of saying, that if the abolitionist* were pre-
pared, as he had understood them to have declared, to
stand or fall by the law of Trinidad, they were prepared
to stand or fall by that which could scarcely be said to
exist. At a time when a slave market was in existence
the history of such compulsory manumission was simply
this ; the slave, who, under this lox non scripta
(for such it was, as however indisputable its exis-
tence, it was extremely difficult to find any written
traces of it), had obtained money enough to pur-
chase his manumission, went to his master, who appointed
two appraisers, who struck between thins what they con-
sidered a fair price for the slave ; and with this price the
master went into the market to obtain another in his stead,
and thus no general or particular inconvenience resulted •
from such a transaction. In Trinidad, before the cessation
of the Slave Trade, this law remained—one very easy in
its operation, in consequence of the growing importation
from day to day of slaves into that Island from the poorer
soils of the West Indies. The master was thus enabled,
without any difficulty whatever, to part with slaves by this
process mar • manumission. The House would not fail to ob-
serve, that when the trade from Africa was stopped alto-
gether, the whole case was altered in respect both to the
master and the slave. Now the clauses in the Trinidad
order in Council required " that a fair and just value shall
be taken of a slave applying for his manumission, and
that if any difficulty should arise on this head, the
owner of the slave and the protector of the slaves of
the Colony shall nominate a third party whose award
shall be binding." Nothing could appear to be more simple
or less complex than this direction in terms. Nothing could
be imagined more difficult of execution. The House would
observe, that there was nothing in this order which ascer-
tained or directed the principle on which this appraisement
of value was to be made.—(Hear, hear.)—Now, although
while a market existed to which the master could have re-
paired to replace his slave this omission would have been of
no consequence, it was one, under present circumstances,
and, after that market had altogether ceased in our Colo-
nies, of the moat essential character. The whole question
turned on one single point therefore, and upon one difficulty
_ .

of this sort ; namely, the difficulty of the slave owner re-
placing a slave whom he might so lose by manumission thus
purchased. In 1823, this country, as he (Mr. W. Horton)
felt bound to observe, was deluged by assertions that it was
the grossest mistake which had ever been known, to sup-
pose that free labour would not execute more beneficially
for the purposes of the master, the duties of sugar cultiva-
tion than slave labour could execute them. No man living
but must wish most heartily, and from the bottom of hie
soul, that this were the fact ; but unfortunately, it was not
so. The Hun. Gent. then went on at some length
to dilate upon the various difficulties of his subject, and
adverted to some animadvertions of Mr. Brougham on a
preceding night upon his (Mr. Horton's) presumed argu-
ment in favour of compensation to the West India Pro-
prietors. He denied that lie had maintained the principle
in the manner suggested by his Hon. and Learned Friend ;
but the analogy which his Hon. and I.earned Friend had
attempted to estrblish between their case and the case of
private interests, like the Silk Trade, was really untenable.
He (Mr. Horton) had been asked who bad over heard of
such a principle as compensation in such a case as the
Silk Trade? But surely the House would at once per-
ceive the wide difference between a question of that nature,
and one in which large sacrifices were demanded under
the circumstances peculiar to the West India question.
Had it been true that free labour could effect the cultiva-
tion of sugar, for instance, to the extent at which the ad-
vocates for free labour calculated that it was capable of
doing, slave labour would long since have vanished from
the West India Islands. The Hon. and Learned Member
for Winehelsea had also intimated that be (Mr. Horton)
had expressed an opinion that compensation to the slave-
owners should be made before any dhc:ssion on the sub-
ject of these Orders was proceeded with. Now he in truth
had never said any such thing. The House would see that,
though as far as measures of ameliort Lion were concerned,
they were fret to adopt an) course they pleased, tither

by the exertion of their own power, or by recommending
strongly where reemnmendation was the course, it might
seem more proper to pursue, they should not pledge them-
selves on a subject of so such difficulty to any act of impro-
vident legislation, which might be productive of substan-
tive injustice to the West India proprietors. When his
Hon. and Learned Friend, whose absence he so much re-
gretted, reproached him (Mr. IL) with being opposed to
the abolitionists, he must beg to inquire of what aboli-
tionists ? Because he conceived that this House, and the
other House of Parliament, were equally pledged to carry
into effect the resolutions of 18.13 ; and as for himself, ac-
cording to his understanding of those resolutions, he chal-
lenged any man to show that he had ever done anything
which had not proposed their accomplishment for its ob-
ject. These resolutions certainly contemplated the gradual
advancement of the slave to freedom, at the satne time
that they respected private property. Now, such terms
it was easy to write, but they involved, in practice, a
most tremendous and responsible difficultv.—(Hear.)—
He could as little admit to his Hon. and Learned Friend
that this was a question to be disposed of by any arith-
metical references to those pointo of the Resolutions of
this House which had been attended to, of neglected by
the legislative assemblies. It would be well to conciliate,
by every fair, and reasonable, and deliberate consideration
of the various difficulties attaching to the case, the pro-
prietors of slaves in the West Inslico, before the House at-
tempted to legislate upon it. Above all, it was necessary,
if it was meant permanently to maintain the interests either
of the slave or his master, not to put them in collision
with each other. No pecuniary advantage could accrue
to the master, no benefit to the slave. In respect of the lat-
ter, coercion was a mode of treatment which must now be
sure to fail—a conclusion which the Right Hon. Gentleman
came to, from considering the verydifferent state and circum-
stances under which the creole slave was now placed—in
a condition of slavery in which lie had been born, and in
which he had always lived, from those in which the slave
newly imported from Africa, and suddenly exchanging a
state of freedom for a forced slavery, was formerly placed.
He did not mean to enter into any defence of the Colonial
Legislatures ; all that he wished to be understood by the
House as saying was, that they would do well, in propor-
tion to their power, to set the example of forbearance at
this critical moment. There was a disposition in those
Colonies—in Demerara and Berbice it had been expressly
declared—to assist in promoting the views and measures of
Government; therefore, additionally on that account, he
thought they ought in their legislation to show a disposi-
aion towards the protection of property. The Right Hon.
Gentleman concluded amidst tile cheers of the House, with
thanks for the attention which had been paid to hint, by
moving that—
" An humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to
give orders that the Papers referred to in the opening of
:he speech, be laid on the table of the House."
Mr. KEITH DOUGLAS seconded the motion.

Lord NUGENT did not rise to prolong the discussion.
His only object was, on behalf of himself and others, to
reserve the right of protesting, on some other occasion,
against some of the doctrines laid down by his Right
Hon. Friend.

Mr. WHITMORE contended that it was a fallacy on
the part of the Right Hon. Gentleman to assert that there
was a difficulty in fixing a scale by which to measure com-
pensation.
Mr. W. SMITH protested, as lie ever had and should
do, against the doctrine that the ownership of slaves
could be assimilated to the laws applicable to any other
species of property. Man never could become the pro-
perty of man. No prescription in slavery could render it
just.

Mr. A. BARING would say, that under all the modifi-
cations of slavery, his Hon. Friend (Mr. W. Smith) could
find many classes more wrathy of commiseration than those
persons supposed to be in a state of abomination, for that
was the term of the quackery so prevalent in the couatry....._
(Hear, hear.)—He said thus, because the people of Eng-
land had the notion that the state of the negroes in the
Colonies Was nothing but one of cruelty and of abomina-
tion, If a Governor made a report, he was said to be
biassed, because he had vat the turtle and drank the punch
of the planters, and if Gentlemen connected with the army
and navy did the same, who, from their professions,
were necessarily persons of liberal ideas, they were not
believed ; but ealumniee continued to be poured forth
every day, upon a state of country, which only existed in
the imagination of those who uttered them. He, how-
ever, felt it his duty, although not connected with the
West Indiee, to repel these calumnies, and to say, that as
respected all the physical wants of life, there were few,
even here, so well situated as the negroes on a well.regu-
lated plantation.—(Hear, hear.) His Right Hon. Friend
(Mr. W. Norton) had fairly stated the difficulties of car-
rying the resolution of the House into effect, which he
himself was as anxious for as any one, but he had no de-
sire to ruin the property of any individual. The House
had decided in favour of gradual abolition, but his Hon.
Friend was of a different opinion, and did not wish it to be
postponed.
Mr. W. SMITH—I beg my Hen. Friend's pardon. I
do net mean any thing of the kind,
Mr. BARING continued—But his doctrines were, at
least, such as would not allow slavery to continue tire
trAnutee--(Hear,)—and, certainly, if it was a state so
utterly repugnant to the laws of God and man as was stated,
it ought not to be allowed to exist five minutee.—(Hear.)
The great and only difficulty seen by the Right lion. Gen.
tleman (Mr. W. Horton) was the effecting of compulsory
manumission. And there undoubtedly, the difficulty did
exist, when applied to the practical case, as to where the
cetnpeneation was to come from. He should now come to
what had been stated about free labour, with respect to
which it seemed to be admitted that free and slave
labour could not jointly operate. In* any thing he had
read upon the subject, he certainly did not see how
free labour was practically in use, and if reference
were had to Mr. Coleridge's book, the account of the free
labour as Trinidad was, that there was ns labour at all.—
Whether the morals of the free labourers were calculated
much to excite admiration, he doubted, and if Mr. Cole-
ridge was good authority, his account contradicted that re-
luctance which the free men were said to entertain towards
working with slaves. The Hon. Gentleman then said that
these who were called Wilberforce negroes were called so,
as a term of reproach from their habits. He trusted that
amelioration in the condition of the negroes would he fol-
lowed up, as far as was practicable, and that Government,
would shew that they had no intention of resorting to
violence.
Mr. Secretary HUSKISSON said, that the people and
the House both concurred in the desire to see something
done by which the state of slavery should he ameliorated,
and he :therefore lamented, when he heard what might
make it appear to those connected with the West Indies,
that they were not recognised to possess a legal right in
their slaves. He knew that they bad the same right—
that it was defined and limited by the same laws, as they
bad to other property ; at the same time that he agreed
with his Hon. Friend (Mr. W. Smith), that they stood
in a different point of view, as owners of this property, as
compared with any other.—(Hear, hear.) At the same
time he would not have that lion. Gentleman suppose,
that the principle of compensation was to be departed
from if they were to part with this property, or that any
inquiry, under such circumstances, as to how they bad
dealt with it, were to he permitted. Laying aside all ab-
stract rights, the resolutions of Parliament treated the
negroes as vested property ; but at the same time had the
object of effecting such a gradual change in them, as
would raise them to the condition of the other subjects
of the country. The Right Hon. Gentleman went on to
contrast the present intelligence and condition of the slaves
in the West India Islands with the state they were in be-
fore the abolition of the Slave Trade, and said a change
for the better had taken place since 1807, greater than had
ever occurred in any part of the world in the same space
of time. He had had an opportunity, within a few days,
of learning from the high authority of the Bishop of Ja-
maica, much upon the subject, and be felt pleasure in as-
suring the House, that that Prelate's report was highly
satisfactory, both as respected the present state of the
negroes, and the progress made in amelioration. He, there-
fore, so far agreed with his lion. Friend (Mr. B.) that it was
better both for the negroes and for the interests of humanity,
if Government in its interference did not disturb a state of
things which was every day getting better, and which, if
rashly meddled with, would only lead to expense without
benefit. He would not detain the House by going through all
the arguments which bad been urged, but said that the mode
of compensation by appraisement did not present such in-
superable difficulties to his mind as it did to that of others.
He begged the House to look to the resolutions of 1823,
which embraced two points. The first AWL* an ameliora-
tion of the condition of the slaves, and the ether part re-
ferred to the gradual chauge from slavery to freedom, anci
for that purpose nothing was ever suggested but compul-
sory manumission ; and he begged those connected with
the
West
interfered Indies n ot to
the Government
run aw y wit with
u lt wshooeruyilddemadatenhpuaamtr
depart. from
unlesssrim,o
Parliament
the pursuance of the system of compulsory
of course aecoupanied by compensation. They were bound,
he was perfectly free to admit, to attempt some mode of
melioration of the slave population, not rapidly, of course,
but surely and steadily. Done it must be, though he conld
not say in any time to be specified—but eoener or later a
change Must, of course, be effected in their civil condition.
Mr. F. BUXTON said, that they were told that little
difficulty stood in the way of manumieeion, but yet, when

a proposal for cute ing it into practical opetation mere be-
d
fore Parliament, the most insuperable difficulties Preece 70
themselves. Similar results attended upon the attempt
ie-
do away with Sunday markets. The West Indiolrope
tors called for compensation ; but were they not bound uy
the laws of God, and a regard to the sacred right, ofints
to make restitution to the unhappy Negro of 41:1 he
i been deprived of. The Hon. Member had spoken OA e
I 1 happiness of the slaves—had described their conditiotr
one which might be envied by the peasantry of these costae
tries—that, in short, they were the happiest of men and tb%
best el Christiane. Now, if the Hon. Gentleman, and,
those who egged with him, tficeeght the West Indiat negT'
such a very good Christian, why slid they reject his feeti-
many in a Court of Justice? if they be 80 very happyooe
very religious, and, consequently, so very searai and enligh- -
tened, as the Non. Member had described theee; Faith what
consistency could it be alleged that they were arses able of
comprekending the natere and moral obligation or'ae Alta?
If it be the fact that they are so well fed, so well eleeee'ed,!retee
little worked, how did it happen that their numberteverea
decreasing at a rate entirely unequalled in the history of •
man ? The negro population of the West Indies was Chi- •
appearing at a rate such as no population had ever dis-
appeared in any part of the world. If the whole family
of man were to decrease in numbers at that rate, the earth
would be depopulated in fifty or sixty years. Whatever
opinion miglit be entertained of the personal characters of
the planters of the present day—whateerer might be thought
of their claims to compensation, it was uneentestable :that ;
their property in their fellow men had its origin ia crime-.
He (Mr. B.) was not for Emancipation--he was not for:
immediately investing the slave with the xiril rights ef:a.,
freeman, but he desired to postpone that great. measure:
now from no regard to the rights of the idanterse--eliry.
could have no rights which should interfere with it. He,
would postpone emancipation, because he feared that the,
slave was in a state in which it could not be ineparted to'
him-ebecause he felt that slavery bad infused suet: a moral,
poison it.to the negro—had so ground and sunk hint to,
earth, that be was not fit to stand on terms of equaMty
with
men who, from earliest infancy, had been acenstotroel t*
understand an appreciate freedom. British law might
have led the pi„,: h
er into this system of slavery, but Itritie
law dragged the net
ro into it. It did not compol! the
had been led into so leng
planter—it did compel ;be slave. He was "17 tb4 he
things they were under an nnae.
theLeed a discussion, but one of' two.
oidable necessity of doine.-.
d
they must talk the matter over ree. 7ilY andispaleionataly,
he might say delicately ; or, if driven •to an opposite coarse,
they must speak out plainly and vigoratse.:". time the Go-
Mr. BERNAL observed that it was high
vernment should declare its intentions—it S'lselukt sr"&mak
out with honesty and firmness.
Mr. SYKES stated, that the slave population w de-
creasing at the rate of per cent. per annum.
Colonel WILSON complained of the aspersions throwue
out against the West India Proprietors, whenever an•ope-
portunity for doing soloccurred. He would say toe his-
compassionate brethren over the way, who were galloping.
away thousands of miles from their own country and seek-
ing to bestow their benevolence every where but in tlinee•
places where it was most wanted, " look at home—gieto
Ireland and Seotlaad—there you will find wretchedaess•
enough—there you can be at no loss to discover plenty of
starvation.—(A laugh.)—ln these places you may fin&:
persona, perhaps, related to yourselves—(laughter)—in a
state of the utmost destitution--actually starving. When,
you have done what you ought to do in this respect—when,
you have relieved the poor of your own country, greatiroadi
as fast as you like; relieve Ireland first, and then I willgo,
band-in-hand with you in assisting the West Indies, evisicli„,
however, be it remembered, stands in need of assistance,
much less than the places already mentioned." I declare
upon my honour, before my Maker and the Horne (conti-
nued the lion. and Gallant Member.), that I have a small'
property.—(A laugh.)—l own a little bit of a parish in,
the North of England, and some property in the West In-
Indies—that is ail. I found my parishioners a few years
ago in a very bad state indeed. When they fell sick they
had no money to pay the Doctor to keep them alive—they
could not get a single glass of wine if they %vented it; cone
sequently they must go without it.—(A .laugh.)—This
never happened in the West Indies.—(liettr.)—Tho
Hon. Member went on to state that he was vot standing
there to impede the progress of instruction; rte was the
very mart for it; but he wanted to have it done ralocierateli•
He would lend a helping hand if they would go proper],
to work, and every Wert India planter, he wt told be
bound, would do the same ; but the House Must 410 tb:
planters justice first ; that was the only channel by is 4tif"
to realize what they wanted.
The motion weathers put and agreed to.
eeoL
Mr. Secretary PEEL moved, that leave be given t('
bthreinsgittiningas enfitllhetaCoeunrtabolf King's enable
the
Justices
Beiesnch. f— Bench..-Leave thea Peasenta for
;
Westminster to bold Sessions in Term time, and darioX
egrad •
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and
the House adjourned at One o'Clock.

We are requested to state, that SAMS, of St.
James's-street, has just published an entirely new Gata-
logos of his extensive Subscription Library, (the terms to
which may be had on application,) comprising a choicre
collection of standard Works, and every modern publica-
tion of merit that has appeared to the present time. Also
that, encouraged by the patronage with which be has besot
honoured by the Nobility and Gentry, he has just pnr-
chased several excellent Opera and Theatre Boxes, in ad-
dition to those already in his possession, which may be• en-
gaged by the Night, alternate Week, or Season.

THE ATHENA:um, No. 13, published this,
Morning-, contains, among other interesting and original
Articles,-1. Sketches of Contemporary Authors, No. 8 ;
Percy Bysshe Shelly-2. Pictures of Society, drawn from
Life, by a Nobleman, No. 10 ; containing Anecdotes of the
Grand Duke Constantine of Russia, the Emperor Alexander,
&c. &c. ; Adventures of Prince 'Ypsilanti in Greece, his
Arrest, Imprisonment, and Death-3. Letters of Crito,
on Mr. Lockhart's character as a Novelist, his Valerius--
4. Reviews of New Books : Personal Narrative of the
Irish Rebellion, by Charles Hamilton Teeling ; The Kuz-
zilbash, a new Oriental Romance; Origines Genealogical;
The Aiaericans as they are; Notices of the other English,
and Foreign Publications of the Week-5. Public Amuse-
menti : The Philharmonic Coacert ; the Theatres-6. The
Foreign Quarterly Review-7. The Magazines of the
111anth-8. Letter from the Continent-9. Review oe
New Music—lo. Varieties, Literary Intelligence, &c. &
This new Literary Journal, containing sixteen royal 4t*
pages, is published every Tuesday and Friday, by W.
LEVIFR, at the Office, No. 147, Strand, near Somerset-
house, and may he had of all Newsmen, Clerks of the
Reads, &c. price only 7d., or stamped, for country circu-
lation, by post, 10d.
ARRIVALS.—The Earl and Countess of
Limerick, and the Ladies Pery, in Mansfield-street, from
Southill Park, in Berkshire ; the Marquis and Mar-
chioness of Salisbury, in Hanover-square, from Hatfield
House, for the season ; Colonel and Mrs. Vanaittart, and
family, in Great Cumberland-street, from their seat, Shat-
tesbroke, near Maidenhead ; the Marquis of Winchester,
in Cavendish-square, from his seat, Amport House, An-
dover ; Sir Edmund Stanley, at the Hotel, Dover-street,
from Surrey ; Rev. Archdeacon Prosser, and family, at
their house in Burton-street, Berkeley-square, from their
seat Easington, Durham ; Sir William Rowley, Bart.,
and family, at their house in Grosvenor-street, from their
k seat, Tendring Hall, Suffolk ; Mr. and Mrs. Addington, in
Brook-street, from Brighton; Hun. Capt. Cue, M.P. in
Charles-street, Berkelersquare, from a tour ; Capt. Bait,
in Wimpole-street, from Paris ; E. Wellan, Esq. and the
Misses IVellan, at the Beruers- Hotel, Bernera-street, from
Bath; J. Barnwell, Esq. at ditto, from Liverpool; Edw.
Graham, Esq. at ditto; J. Page, Esq. at the Royal Hotel,
atS ditto,
t.
from Bath;James's-street, D. G
fronlrhis seat in Kent; Capt. Brymer,
ilway, at ditto, from Brighton;
Mr. and Lady L. Oswald, at the London Hotel, Albemarle-
street, from Surrey; Sir Wm. Cooke, Bart. at ditto, from
his seat iu Yorkshire ; Sir James and Lady Witshoad, at
ditto, from Suffolk.
DEL,ARTURES.—INIajor Thornton, front St.
James's-street, for Brighton ; Captain Otway, front the
British Hotel, for Plymouth ; Arthur French, Esq. M.P.
from the Royal Hotel, for his seat, French Park, Ireland;
Leicestershire
andicr.t cr,ll,lit Pemberton,
rl;
;A.L e .A 1 itormi e
rliccailly, for their,3Esdri.fromi seat
ließern in
Bernet,
Hotel, for Shenley.
ARRIVALS AT BATH.—Lord Chief Jus-
tice, Lady, and Miss Best, Lady C. Bathurst, Sir Coign-
houn Grant, Sir Wm. and Lady Williams, Sir John
Greene, Commissioner Harris, Dean of Connor, Lieut.-
Colonel Vilett, Major Fawcett; Captains Huntly, Cla-
ridge, Dovetou, Rose, Seward, Bouverie, Justice; Rev.
Messrs. Dodd, Butler, Ward, Phillips, Williams, Lee.
Winett, Rockett ; Mr. Mrs. and Miss Coles; Mr. and
Mrs. Thring and family, Templeman, Bacon, Pulsfind,
Hollis, Stevenson, Bookes, Farrer, Fox, Rolf and family,
Stables, Carew and family, Upham, Lloyd and family,
Churcham, Williams; Messrs. Harming, Hornyold, Baker,
Payne, Keplin, Bunbury, Bath, Reeve, Dix, Monday,
Kington, Egington, Ogle, Tanner, Hamilton, Hickmart
Maddocks, Sparman, Truernore, Benny, Weeks, Watson,
Mills, Angelo, Sibley, Noyes, Hampden, Rowe, Pattivot,
Hawes ; Mistresses Ilbetson and family, Ford, Attersolfr
Bingham, Northtnore, Wallace, Armstrong, Dowdinfl,
May, Hutchinson, Higman, Lee, Swayne, Jeboutt, Wi IA
gett ; iThlsee Btuten, Keorick, Kelly, Monypenny, WOW

Oka

TO TI
TOF

WIC

w
Royal
My 1,,
axed I hs
rapport
Reprrse
G 1
true

of nay E

tion:wi
and I re
If it
situation
duties NV
tild to p

CI

of Cor
• Treaty
GRAT'

tr,mied

the ref

well a
fluted(
Smcor
was as

of Mr.

appeal
oppres
which

of his
of the
Comm

PrAtn<
Mr.
Treat:
ment <

now r

CORSO(

Thi
conce:
will

when
under
mean
men
bar tc
If I N
was t
mere]
far fri
no av

fluent

tholic
their

den Cl
the
toy
ittunt
URio
collo
the e
prom

of th
do tr
Conn
a col
calla
n th

the
Plain
diact
♦este

delq

Tl
yeas
ble

retiri

are f
able
whic
to t
Erni

bag
from
the
in tl
real

publ

nit.
Rlll

Doi

that
Info:
the 1

beat
the
quill
mitt
berP

WT
and

Mnig
edit
of t

of I
nati
Exc

ing
TeAl
detzi
116 a
Item
ord4

Qn
on.
w
1 al

Wip

cart% be
bed
preveM
to
tternpi
a 'prop, le'
bound by
to sem 71
hs
ken
sditio Is
hese coNvs.
en, and tfr
eman, argil
dial negTo"
his (esti -
baPPY,I
and enligh.-
?rith what
ith-sable of
is xA ,oatist•
ch;lised;:rlew
nberelvere-
historf, of
E. 5 was Itt*--
d ever die-
sole family
e, the earth

Whatever
laracteis of
bethought.
!stable :that ,
is crime..

was not for..
rights of. a.
Xtt Me...*Steret•
nters—they
itb. it. He-
•,.d that the.
noparted to,
net: a num&
tnk hits to,
cittaMty with
;total red t*
law might,
but Ittitish
comp( the
try t 11,4 be
t one of' two,
of doitsg,•~.•
paeeionataly,
,osite entree,

ime the Go-
-mid ere,*

•at+ 4e-

be given t('
ie Peace for
and darinA
are granted.•
voed at, and

ms, of St.
. new &Oa-
he terms le
ng a choir"
ern pnbliea-
time. Aleo
he has beta_
las just pnr—
loxes, iA &A-
I may be• en-

ished this
and original
hors, No. 8 ;
drawn from
edotaa of the
,r Alexander,
Greece, MI
!ni of Crito,
Valerius—
rative of the
; The K 117..
3enealOgiCa ;
ther English
oblic Amuse-
tree-6. The
sines of the
. Review of
!rice, &c. She-
en royal 4te
lay, by W-
ar Somerset-
lerks of the
ountry eircn

)untess of
[-street, front

and Mar-
•om Hatfield
insittart, and
it seat, Shat-
' Winchester,
House, An-
Dover-street,
ad family, at
e, from their
)wley, Bart.,
et, from their
Addington,ia
;ust, /ki.P. in
; Capt. Hart,
Esq. and the
-street, from
rpool ; Edw.
Royal Hotel,
'Apt. Brymer,
)m Brighton;
1, Albemarle
at ditto, from
Wituhead, at

3, frois St.
Iy, from the
1, Esq. M.P.
irk, Ireland ;
r their seat in
t the Berner,

Thief Jus-
t, Sir Colqu-
-36, Sir John
inor, Lieut.-
Huntly, Cla-
ruatice; Rev.
Lee.
ea ; Mr. and
)n, Pulsfind,
and family,
and family,
nyold, Baker,
ix, Munday,
n, Hickmart
'eke, Watson,
we, Pattivor,
rd, Attersolf,

etr

LONDON,

Dowding!
eboutt, Wio
ntliv, Vile*

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT ELEC-
TORS OF THE TOWN AND PORT OF SAND-
WICH.
BROTHER FREEMEN',
WITH the approval of our Sovereign, I
have been named a Member of the Council of his
Royal Highness the Lord High Admiral.
my seat in Parliament will he vacated by this removal,
and I hasten to present myself before you, to solicit your
support again to place use in the enviable situation of your
Representative in Parliament.
GENTLEMEN,
I trast that neither my pant tonduct, nor this new mark
of my Sovereign's most 7atious and continued approba.
tio29 will render one +ll24c:serving of your renewed support,
and I rely with conkdence upon your favor.
If it is your Pleas74re to replace me in the honorable
situation I aspired, to, it shall be my study to discharge my
duties with r.oper attention to your interests and wishes,
and to prove myself as I truly am,
Your sincere friend and faithful servant,
E. W. C. R. OWEN.

*tIL

FRIDAY EVENING, MARCH 7, mi.

Sir 11. PARNELL moved, last night, in the House
of Commons, for the production of a Copy of the
Treaty of Limerick. An interesting discussion took
place, in which the Honourable Baronet, Mr. H.
GRATV-W, Mr. S. RICE, and Mr. A. DAWSON, con-

tr,nded that the Articles of that Treaty contemplated
the restoration of Roman Catholic:, to the civil as
. well as to the religious privileges which they un-
questionably enjoyed in the reign of CHARLES the
St colic', and that the breach of this covenant
was as scandalous as it was glaring. The speech
of Mr. SPRING Rica, in particular, was a powerful
appeal in favour of those who have been so long
oppressed—and was calculated to enhance the regret
which even his opponents must feel, at the prospect
of his being speedily removed to a distant quarter
of the globe, At few periods could the House of
Comrnoat worse spare any one touched with the
P';6tnethean fire of eloquence.
Mr. PEEL, on the other hand, admitted that the
Treaty of Limerick had been violated by the enact-
ment of the Penal Laws, but said that no privilege is
now withheld which they have a right to claim in
consequence of that Treaty.
There was, however, one important and manly
conce6sion on the part of Mr. PEEL, to which we
will take the liberty of recalling his attention
whenever the articles of the Irish Union come
under the consideration of Parliament. "I do not
mean to say," observed the Right Hon. Gentle-
men " that the ancient date of the Treaty is any
bar to the faithful execution of it at this moment.

If I were satisfied that the object of that Treaty
was to admit Roman Catholics into Parliament on
merely taking the oath of allegiance, I should be so
far from thinking that the age of the Treaty was of
no avail, that I should permit it to have full in-
fluence on my judgment whenever the Roman Ca-
tholics came to this House to ask for the fulfilment of

their claims."
If it be, therefore, clearly established by evi-
dence, as we are convinced it may be, that
the Prime Minister of the day and the Vice-
roy of Ireland, did distinctly hold out to a
Number of influential persons in Ireland, that the
Union with Britain would be attended by the
concession of the Catholic Claims, and that
the essential co-operation of these individuals was
procured solely by their confidence in the authority
of these ostensible representatives of MAJESTY—We
do trust that Mr. PEEL, who would ratify the na-
tional faith pledged (if he conceived it had been so)
a century and a half ago--will feel himself much more
called on to fulfil the stipulations of a recent Treaty,
in the violation of which the Irish Nation, as one of
the contracting parties, has every right to com-
plain that they were deceived by their Sovereign's
disclaiming the authority of those whom he had in-
♦ested with the outward symbols of plenipotentiary
delegation.
That this conduct of his Royal Master (who
was nevertheless, as all must admit, the most amia-
ble of men and princes,) was resented by Mr. PITT
retiring from office, is no consolation to those who
are furnished with explanations in lieu of that valu-
able consideration, on the promise of receiving
which they consented to reduce an ancient kingdom
to the rank of a mere province of the British
Empire.

The continued tempestuous state of the weather
bap prevented the arrival of any communications
from the Continent. In the total absence of news,
the Speculators on 'Change and -elsewhere, are busy
in their vocation of coining and circulating false for
Teal intelligence, to impose •n the credulity of the

Lisbon Gazettes have been received to the 24th
nit. They contain some orders of the PRINCESS
REGENT respecting a riot which took place among
the populace, who interrupted the passage of some
witnesses summoned to give evidence before the
House of Peers. The military refused to interfere.
Don MIGUEL had not then arrived :
OFFICIAL. !Asset:, FE). 16.
ller Highness the Infanta Regent, having been informed
that on the 13th inst. the Commanders of the Guard of
Infantry, and the piquet of Cavalry, posted at the Palace of
the Peers of the kingdom, neglecting the obligation incum-
bent on them to maintain the Police in that district, and
the orders they had expressly received to preserve tran-
quillity, remained indifferent spectators of the excesses com-
mitted there towards some persons who were summoned
before the Chamber to perform duties imposed on them by
the law, the said Commanders not interfering till after acts
were perpetrated on themselves, so contrary to the law,
and the consequences of which might besides have been very
serious; her Highness, in the Ring's name, orders your Ex-
cellency to have these twoCominanders confined in the prison
of the Castle, and giving directions to proceed without loss
of time to the proof of the above facts, and to the exami-
nation of the documents of which copies are sent to your
Excelling, that the whole may serve as the basis of the
proceedings to be instituted against the said officers accord-
ing to the law ; and her Highness further orders you to
renew the mest positive orders that the Commanders of the
detachments appointed in future to that service, do not
permit any assemblage in the district confided to their vigi-
lance, and inviolably maintain in it tranquillity and good

order as is their dnty.—God preserve your FAcellenq.
Palace of Ajnda, Feb. 15, 1828.
CANDIDO JOSE XAVIER.
To his Excellency Renhor Carlos Frederico de Caula.
Fe,. 18.—The Gazette contain' in the official part,
some more documents relative to the same subject, viz : •••••••
3 letter from the Marquis de Tancos, dated Feb. 14, to
Sen. Candid° Jost Xavier, stating that the Chamber of
Pswa had received a petition from Manoel Joaquim
Francisca Queirol, stating that, on the 13th, he and ano-
ther person had been insulted and attacked
in the square
of St. Domingos, by a niob, after leaving the palace of the
Peers, whither he had beeen summoned to give evidence
in the proceedings against the four Peers. The Marquis
complains of the conduct of the troops, and represents the
necessity of inflicting prompt punishment on the authors
and aocessaries of such sandalous excesses.
To this letter is annexed the petition of the said
Queirol, representing, that leaving the Chamber of Peers
on the 13th, with the Desenibargador Joao Antonio, they
Were pursned,insulted, and attacked by several persons, who
lay in wait fer the purpose of insulting them, and even
taint vet.--" Kill them ! Kill them 1" lie eoreptiined

of the conduct sf the troops, who dirt not atttmpt to inter-
fere. Several of the rioters, he says, were known, and
mentioned the names of two of them ; and all these facts
were witnessed by a great many persons whose names he
gives.

FEBRUARY 19.

The Gazette contains some further correspondence be-
tween the Marquis de Tancos, Secretary to the Chamber of
Peers, Senhor Jose Frsire de Andrade, Minister of Justice,
and Senhor Candido Jose Xavier.
