FRENCH

THE SUN.

SOLE2II QUIS DICERE F. 4 LSUM AUDEAT

LONDON,
S_ITURD.fr, JUNE 23, 1821.

We •received this morning the Paris Papers
of Tuesday and Wednesday. The last accounts
' from AValachia, dated 23d of May, represent
the army of YestLANTI as receiving considerable
reinforcements of volunteers ; and a letter from
Athens furnishes a narrative of the insurrection
in the Morea and• neighbouring province's, but
the particulars have been already. before the
public. "It would appear that the Turks retain
possession of not more than seven or eight forti-
fied towns and castles. The peasantry of Attica,
Greeks and Albanians, are in arms, and have
raised tire standard-of Greece in the village of
Meinidi, three leagues from Athens. They have
been joined by the inhabitants of Salanis and of
different villages of the Isthmus. The Turks
have retired into the citadel of Athens, and have
taken with them three primates, two ecclesiastics,
and several of the principal inhabitants, as hos-
tages for the fidelity of the Athenians ; but the peo-
ple flock, notwithstanding, in great numbers from
the town to the camp of Meinidi. According to
advices from Constantinople of tire 181.11 of May,
the Russian Ambassador has frequent conferences
with the ReisEffendi.
Private letters, of a recent date, from Spain,-
represent that country as still in a distracted
situation, owing o the numbers and activity of
the disaffected.

June 18, Five ppr Cents. • B6 f. 50 c.
Bank Stock • ' 1599 f. --: c.
.
June 19, Five per Cents: 86 f. 35 c.
Bank Stock 1590 f. c.

r It appears that an interview took place be-
tween the actual King of Sardinia, Charles Felix,
and the late King, Victor Emmanuel, at Lucca,
on the Gth of this month. The Duke of IvIoDENA
and the Archduchess of PARMA met them there ;
and it is said these personages intend to remain
at Lucca a fortnight.—A Royal Decree was pub-
lished at Naples, on the Ist instant, granting an
amnesty to persons whose, names had been in-
scribed amongst the Carbonari, and who had not
been concerned in any conspiracy, or guilty of
any public crime.

AGRICULTU RE.Wre received the printed copy
of the Report of the Agricultural Committee
yesterday too late for insertion, but our Readers
will find it at leugth in our Paper Of this day.—
It is impossible for us, in this short interval, to
have perused it with such attention as to enable
us satisfactorily to give a decided opinion on its
tone, arid the expedients, which, it distinctly in-
timates, may be necessary to relieve the pres-
sure Of the heavy difficulties under which the
Agriculturists are now labouring, and which, if
not speedily removed, must involve then in cer-
tain ruin.—lt is the production, if we are rightly
informed, of a majority only of the Committee,
which, we understand, was by no means unani-
mous on any Of the various points before it. We
would rather abstain at present from directing
the attention of our readers to any- parti,i.
cular passages of the Report; but there is one of
such vital importance, that we cannot forbear
submitting it to their most serious, but dispassionate
consideration ; we allude to that part of the
Report where the Committee express a hope
" that the rate of interest of money may, in a
" short time, be so far redtiCed below the legal
" maximum" as to make the public taxes and.
charges on the landed interest less burthensome
to them. It is obvious that such a measure will
strongly affect the public credit of the country,
and that it would be unwise to adopt it without
the most positive certainty of its beneficial in-
fluence on the general interests of the country.

It is observed this day by The Morning Chro-
nicle, which throughout the year never fails to
rail against the measures of Government, whe-
ther right or wrong, that " the loudest inveighers
against vice are often the greatest sinners." This
maxim is doubtless founded on truth and expe-
rience, from whatever quarter it might issue, but
we leave the public, to make the proper appli-
cation.
We understand that the CORONATION will be
celebrated on the 19th of July by public and
private dinner parties, balls, routs, &c. through-
out the kingdom, and that a general Illumination-
of the Metropolis will take place on that eveninz.
An Address to the KING from the Inhabitants
of the City of Dublin, expressive of the joy and
gratitude felt by them at his MAJESTY'S inten-
tion to visit that city, has been most graciously
received.
Co ear OF CLAuus.— The Court met again yes-
terday, and made further progress.
Yesterday afternoon, at 'six o'clock, the Duke
of YORK arrived in town from Oatlands.—The
Duchess of GLOUCESTER and the Princess Au-
GusTA left town yesterday morning for Richmond,
where they spent the day with the' Dowager
Countess of CARDIGAN, and in the evening re-
turned to London.—Yesterday the Duke of Crt-
RENEE dined with Mr. and Mrs. SMITH, in Nest
Norfolk-street. The Duchess of CLARENCE spent
yesterday with the Duchess of -KENT, at her
apartments in the King's -Palace at Kensington,
Their Highnesses Prince and Princess E.•
TERIIAZ Y are on a visit to his MAJESTY, at the
Royal College in Windsor Park.
NEW LOGIC.--If the increase of prosecutions
proves the diminution of crime, then, pier contre,
what must be the 'dreadful state of some Welsh
Counties, where sometimes there is not a single

prosecution ?
If the absence of Complaints from SICILY
proves the misery of that country, what a happy
place must Old England be, where we have tio-
thing else—from the Opposition
The Adventure Sloop of War, Captain SMYTH,
is nearly fitted for sea, and will sail in a short
time for the Mediterranean, for the purpose of
surveying its eastern and southern shores. On
Thursday Captain SMYTH gave an elegant de-
jcunt' to upwards of 100 visitors on board the
' Adventure. The quarter-deck was covered by
an awning formed of various colours, and exclu-
sively appropriated to dancing, for which purpose
an excellent band of music was provided, and cotil-
ions;quadrilles,&c. alternately enlivened the scene

..,,-
_
for several hours. The refreshments, which were
On Monday the French Chamber of Deputies numerous, and consisted of every delicacy, were
was occupied With the discussion of an article in served in the cabins, and on tables placed round
.' company were,
the '
Llie Budget of the Minister of the Interior, rela-
the lower. deck. Anion.
Admiral Sir Isaac 'Coffin, Bart. ; Admiral and
.
tive to the expellees of the Royal Council of MrS. Frazer, and family; Sir William and
Public Instruction. This article, the last of the Lady Beechey ; Mr. Beechey ; Captain Brace;
Captain and Mrs. Murray ; Mr. and Mrs. Mur-
Budget of the Minister of the Interior, was finally . •
• • ray; Lieutenants Beechey, Slater, and Oakes;
adopted, after a strong and animated opposition. (commissioner, Mrs. and Misses Cunningliams;
The Chamber then proceeded to take into consider- Miss Rennie; Mrs. Smyth; Mr. Warrington,
ation the Budget of 'the Minister of War. The Pre- Stc: &C. Sz.c.. *:
silent announced that several amendments w Mr. COGLE, who was so dangerously woundedould on n evening the rioters be proposed proposed for a reduction of the estimates. The streeMt,o dided ay
last night inby Westminsterin Infirmarothilly.
Minister of War, in support of his Budget, gave a He was attended by Mr. STEritENsoN,-the House
geneial sketch of the state of his department, .Surgeon, Mr. WHITE, and 'other . eminent medi-
cal'Geniemen, but he was too severely injured
which was listened to with great interest. .. The to admit of .a hope of his recovery. The Coro-
Abbe DE. POMPIER ES then explaitiQd his first. ner's Inquest, was expected to take place this
amendment. M. TH I It_kT DE ST.A I GNAN,tbeKING9S day. Five of the rioters are in custody.
ELECTION OF AN AmmumAN,--Yesterday a
Commissary, in reply, passed in revielf all the re:-
.•. . _
' Wardmote- was held at Butcher's Hall, of the in-
ductions that were suggested, and'inSi'Sted thafno :habitants of Billingsgate Ward,. to elect an Al-
.
reduction could be made in the Budget presented.. 'Clerman in the room of Sir WILLIAM LEIGHTON,
The discussion was co who has resigned, when ANTHONY BROWN, Esq.
continued who the next day was unanimously eletted, amidst universal ap-
(Tuesday), in which the following persons took. plause.

tirnatiOn we had in. the last font. years only 're-
duced our-Debt 4,000,0001., so that whilst we
had been talking of a Sinking Fund of 14 or
l 5,000,0001. we had, in fact, only a Sinking Fund
- of 1,000,0001. a year. If such was our state, let
it be boldly avowed, and let its know that our
Sinking Fund-was only- 1,000,0001.
HumE said, he, When the Chancellor of
the Exchequer imposed 3,000,000/. new taxes,
and talked of a Sinking Fund of 5,000,000/.,
stated there was not a balance of more than
500,0001. in favour of the Sinking Fund, and it
appeared 'he. was right.
The CHANCELLOR. of the EXeREQ.I.IErt contended
he bad stated correctly What the operation of the
Sinking Fund was.
Mr. MABEaLEY again contended, that the Sink-
ing Fund had been diverted froth what was in-
tended, by Mr. Pitt. If that Right -Hon. Gen-
tleman's plan had been adhered to, we 'thould,'
by its „operation, have now been relieved of
17,000;0001. of taxation, instead of 20,000,0001.
being added to our burdens.
The Resolutions were then agreed to, and the
Report was ordered to be 'received to-morrow.
A Message from the Lords informed the
House, that their Lordships had agreed to the
Cheltenham Paving Bill and the Irish Insolvent
Debtors' Bill, vith'out amendments. •
On the Order of the Day for the House going
into a Committee on the Clover-seed Bill, Mr.
RicArtno opposed the Bill, and was desirous it
should be. withdrawn.—Mr. T. WILSON also
wished the Bill to be withdrawn for the present.
—Col. DAVIES had no wish to press this Bill
against the opinion of the House, and therefore
withdrew it.—The Bill was then ordered to. be
committed this day three months. .
Mr. MABERLEY moved for an account of the
amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding on the
31st Of May. last.—Ordered.
COURTS OF JUSTICE IN IRELAND.
On the motion of Mr. SPRING lbcE,thellouse
went into a Committee on the 9th Report of the
Committee on Courts of Law. The lion. Mein-
ber then proceeded to call the attention- of the
House to the. subject of Fees taken in the Court
of Exchequer in Ireland ; and he trusted the
smallness of fees, if improperly taken, would not
operate on. the mind of the House to disregard the
charge he was about to bring forward. He was
aware of the risk to which he exposed himself in
standing forward as a public accuser in any case,
but more especially when he declared he. stood
forward as the accuser of a Judge of the highest
rank. His charge would be against the Chief
Baron of Ireland. With the private character of
the Chief Baron of Ireland he had nothing to
do ; it might be, and he believed it was, most
exemplary : but it was his public .character to
which he now wished to call the attention of the
House ; and public character was public pro-
perty. A Judge, above all others ought to be
presumed pure ;. and he trusted, generally speak-
ing, the presumption was correct ; but we had,
in our own history, seen melancholy instances of
the contrary. He need scarcely advert to the case
of that great man Lord Bacon. It was impos-
sible in these days that Judges could take bribes
any more than Members of the House of -Com-
mons could take bribes in the lobby of the House.
Exorbitant Fees might be taken ; 'which appeared
to be the case in Ireland by the Report.. Con
templating such a case, a Table of Fees was re.

- The reports of the Corn Average Bill, and the hie of Man
1317, were received, and agreed to; the fills were ordered to
-be read a third tiroe.to-morrow. -
THE' WAYS AND MEANS. • .

The house went into a Committee of Ways
and Means.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER proposed
a series of Resolutions for appropriating certain
sums, upwards of 10 millions of Sinking Fund,
as a Loan towards the service of the year ; and
also a Resolution for providing for the expences
of the same.

Mr. -ELLIGE complained of the confusion and
intricacy of the accounts respectinr, this transac-
tion, and said, if the Chancellor of. the Exche-
quer did not, he would himself, next Session,
move for a Committee to investigate these ac-
.counts. The Hon. Member also-complained of
the intention expressed by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer of letting the deficiency occasioned
by the repeal of the Agricultural Horse Tax fall
on the Consolidated Fund. He hoped this in-
stance would not be drawn into a precedent.
The CHANCELLOR of. the EXCHEQUER said, it
was his intention to move for a Committee, in
.the early part of next Session, to investigate
these accounts.

turned to-Parliament in 1715, and revised and
corrected in 1732 ; and on that Table the pre-
sent Report was founded. The Commissioner
who made this Report was appointed in 1814,
and appointed at the instance of his Right Hon.
Friend, the Member for Waterford, against the
wish of Ministers, and by a majority of only one.
This was a triumphant, though an unostentatious
one, which entitled his Right Hon. Friend to the
gratitude of his country, though it had raised up
in every Court inveterate enemies against him.
The Hon. Gentleman then proceeded to state
the number of Fees taken in the Exchequer.
The number was 96 in all ; of these 19 remained
as they were in 1734 ; 38 had increased, 2 had
been diminished, 24 had ceased, and 19 were
without precedent. Of 'the increased Fees, he
would mention that taken on the swearing in of
Sheriffs. On this there was an increase of 5/. and
a fraction, above that set down in the table
of A 734, which limited the fee to be taken on
this occasion to 15s. 10d. There was also a Re-
solution in this Report, stating, that certain fees
had been taken by the Chief Baron, as for put-
ting his signature to certain writs, to which it
appeared he had not put his signature; and which
if lie had signed the table of 1734, would give
him no fee. He had thus received a fee for not
doing that, which if he had done, he would have
been entitled to nothing for doing. Another
abuse to which the Report adverted, was, that it
was the practice in this Court to take the fees at
the commencement of a cause ; and thus secured

Mr. Er.Licc repeated his objections to letting
any further deficiency fall on the Consolidated
Fund, instead of applying the Sinking Fund to
.this purpose.

PvIr.MABERLEY condemned the whole system of
the Sinking Fund as it at present existed; it was
a system of fallacy only : the pretended Sinking
.Fund with which the Commissioners made their
purchases was, in fact, a fund either borrowed of
.the. Bank or on Exchequer. Bills. He would not
now enter further into this subject, because the
Aight Hon. Gentleman had stated Jiis intention
of raerring the whole of this subject to a Corn-
.mittee next Session : but he hoped an end would
be. put to this fallacy of borrowing with one hand
to pay with the other. -If we were- to have a
Sinking Fund in future, he, hoped it. would be a
Sinking Fund in reality, however small it
might be. •

• Mr. GRENFELL repeated his
.former arguments
.against the Sinking Fund as at present-construct-
-ed.—The fund Was at present represented as
.amounting to 17,000,0001. whilst in fact, as ap-
peared by the 'locus Poetic; trick of to-day,lt
.was in J.( a-lity only four millions. -HQ -wished to
see the Right. lion. Gentleman get rid of the
machinery of the 13,000,000/. altogether.
• The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was un-
derstood to say„that he expected-.the operation
,
of the Sinking and for the present year would
justify his previous calculatitm. .
Mr. CALCItArr said that the operations of the
imaginary Sinking Fund were-founded in the
.grossest fallacy and •delusion.
.-The Right lion.
Gentleman was running in debt under the head
;of the Consolidated Fund, while he pretended to
,pay off the debt under the headtof.Sinking Fund.
The country had been burthened with three mil-
-Pons of new taxes,, under the pretence of making
_an effective Sinking .Fund of 5,000,000/., and
what was the actual amount of the Sinking Fund ?
.Whey, after deducting the debt to the East India
.Pompany, which the Right •lionourable ,Gentle-
man had been compelled to acknowledge, and
which amounted -to upwards of, 1,000,000/. the
,e?cpences of Greenwich-Hospital, amounting toy
300,0004, and the Husbandry Horse ;Tax at
00,0001 the. presentamouut of the Sinking-Fund
was not more than 1,300,0001. ,

the fees in all the respective stages of the pro-
ceeding, whether the cause went on to an end or
not. Another case was, that the Chief Baron
now took his fees in British instead of Irish mo-

•. Mr. lOCA AD o was a friend to the Sinking Fund.
He thought it would be the only means of getting
-rid of the National Debt, but .a grat effort ought
to be made for that purpose., The present system
*Quid never effect it. On the most accurate es-

ney, thus increasing his fPes eight and one third
percent. The defence of the Chief Baron was
most extraordinary ; it was that the Officers of

the Court took the fees in British money, and
therefore would have the benefit if he did not.—
This was neither more nor less than taking ad-
vantage of the tortuous conduct of his own Offi-
cers. The next head to which he adverted was
an increase taken by the Chief Baron on affida-
vits. If the fee was by his own act, he had no
authority for it; and on that point the Chief Ba-
ron and the Commissioners were at variance, and
the Commissioners would have to decide. The
fee was received by the Chief Baron, by an ar-
rangement betwixt him and his brother, who was
Chief Crier in the Court. To all intents, the
payment was made to the Chief Baron, however
it might be applied. He had selected the more
prominent parts of the case to enable the Com-
mittee to pass an opinion. lie should prefer ar-
guing the case on the statement of the Chief
Baron, rather than on that of the Commissioners.

He (the Chief Baron) said, his profits were much
diminished by the 43d of the late King, while
those of the other Judges had been much in-
creased; but that was so far from the case, that
the Chief Baron received 10001, a year more

than the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and Mr. Anntitnomny wholly C9ncurreci in what
14001. more than the Chief Justice of the Corn- had fallen froM the Noble Lord. The present
mon Pleas. The 'Statement of the CommisSionets was a most important case, „ms it might establish
was clear, and conCise.,. while that of the Chief an important precedent.
Baron was confused and prolix. All the reports of Mr. C. W. WYNN said, that the House Must
the Cononissioners had been sent to the Courts I Come to a decision one Azov or other ; but, in the
to which they referred, and in that case the re-1 present state of the House, he should deprecate
spective Judges had made their observations coming to any decision without fuller evidence.
upon them. That had not been done in the case of The Marquis of Les-DONDE:IIIY should propose
the Court of Exchequer, fer the three °Omer Barons that the Committee le revived on Tuesday, as
had been mute, and the Chief Baron alone, and the. most convenient day for regulating further
not the Court, had commented on it. An or- proceedings.
der had been served on an Officer of the Court, I Mr._ ELLICE COrlld have wished that the case
calling for the Order of the Court, to pay the had been decided as quickly as possible, and that
Fees in English money, and the answer Was, such- charges thould not be kept suspended for
that there was no Order of Court, but that the months over tie distinguished individual. At
alteration had taken place in 1808, by the direc- the same time, he should not oppose the course
tion of the Chief Baron, who had told the officer proposed.
that he was not bound to report any verbal order. Mr. BATHURST was incompetent to come to a
A compensation of 1,500/. a year was to be- decision without more information.
paid to the Chief Baron in lieu of Fees, Mr. Elmcn explained.
which it appeared now continued to be exacted. Mr. NOLAN said, it was impossible at such an
A new inquiry was about to commence in Ire- advanced stage of the Session, to come to a con-
land, by individuals fully qualified for the task ;. clusiam ; and the question was not whether the
but it should be recollected, that the Report of a' inquiry should be deferred, but to what time it
former Commission lay on the table inoperative should he deferred.
and unavailing. What could the public aug-ur The Chairman reported progress, and obtained
from the new Commission, if the Report'of the leave to sit again on Tuesday.
former Commission should he a dead letter on the DUKE OF CLARENCE.
table of the House ? The lion. Gentleman here The Marquis of LONDONDERRY rose to move
adverted to the case of the Insolvent Debtors' the first reading of the Ettlke of Clarena's An-
Court, on whicdi a Committee had reported that a nuity Bill..; and at the same time expressed, on
great increase of Fees had taken place, and: been the part of the Duke, his acknowledgment to the
appropriated by the Judge to himself. : The House. The Bill was read a first time, and
removal of the JudgeiMmediately followed. Ih ordered to be read a second time on Monday.
the Irish Court of Exchecfuer the Chief Baron Mr. C, GRANT moved the Order of the Day
had removed an individual of the name of Pot- for the House going into the Committee of Supply.
lock, for having taken illegal Fees, though he • AUSTRIAN LOAN.
had pleaded the practice of his predecessors from Mr. R. SMITU wished. to obtain all_ time papers
11'-99. That case appeared to him to bear a relative to the Loan. It had been said that the
strong analogy to that of the Chief Baron him- money had not been ' a Loan but a subsidy.
self; and he called on the House•to measure out But Mr. Pitt had stated` the reverse; and that
the same justice. To point out the ultimate pro- the Loan had been borrowed on termshigbly ad-
ceedings 'required more experience than he` Fos- vantageous to the country.--:-The original Loan
sessed ; but had a case of delinquency been made had been 6,200,000/. and with the, interest, now
out, it was obvious 'that the matter could not amounted to near 22 millions. He contended
stand still. The Hon. Member concluded by that the two Treaties with respect to time Aus-
moving a series of Resolutions, embodying the trian Loan had been violated in every instance
leading facts of his speech. by- the Government of- that country. When we
Captain O'GRADY hoped for the indulgence of offered to take ship-timber from Austria in part
the House under the peculiar circumstances of discharge of this Loan, sheAenied that she owed
the case ; as he was in a new element, in which any such money to this country. Without the
he had never been before. He could assure the I payment of the debts justly due to us it would
Hop. Member he did not impute to him any im- be impossible for us to pay Poor Rates or taxes.
proper motives. He could accept of no compli- Thin proved the necessity on the
part of the Go-
ments for the Chief Baron, it paid at the expence verninent to show the people why so large a
of his integrity.--(Hear, hear !)—He gave the sum as 21 millions should be Avithlield, and
Commissioners full credit for the motives of their the claim resisted by Austria. Every one
conduct; and if any inaccuracy had occurred it was aware that Austria had paid off her old' and
was to be ascribed to time multiplicity of their much of her new debt ; that her revenue from
avocations. He must, at the same time, deny her Italian provinces was eight millions a-year ;
that they had laid a ground for any legal prose- and that she had volunteered pecuniary assist-
cution ; and - the Court of Exchequer had told ance tap the King.of Sardinia. The people, there-
the Irish Attorney General that such a Report fore, had a right to know why Prince Metter-
could be no legal document. That too had been nick and, Count Stadion denied this to be a debt
the opinion of all the Irish Judges, in the case on the part of Austria, while the Noble Lord
of Sir James Galbraith, though at the same time opposite always declared it to be a debt, though
they professed a willingness to admit other evi.: he never enforced the payment of it. Time Trea-
dence, which was accordingly produced, and Sir ties shelved the engagements entered into for the
James Galbraith was acquitted. He could see repayment of these Loans to Austria ;
,and - he
no good from the inquiry, as all the fees had now therefore called upon our Government to rescue
been settled. He was surprised that the Hon. the head of the Holy Alliance from charges which
Member -had confined himself to the Court of would involve a man in common life in a charge
Exchequer, and paid no attention to the Reports of swindling. lie then moved for a copy of a
relative to the other Courts. Such a remark lie Dispatch from the Hon. ft. Gordon, containing
should not have made had not similar observa- the reasons of Prince Metternich and Count Sta-
tions been made by the Commissioners as dion why no Loans had been granted by this
to the other Courts. He perfectly agreed with country to Austria by the Conventions of 1795
the Honourable Gentleman that there could be no and 1797.

middle course; or if there were, he, on the part of
the Chief Baron, declined adopting it. On the
subject of the Fees for swearing the Sheriffs, if
there had been any error, it was one of 40 years
standing ; and the Chief Baron had only done
Oat had been done by his predecessors for a
long period of years. The Hon. Member pro-
ceeded to comment on the different charges
against the Chief Baron ; and contended that
they were not borne out by facts. In the Secon-
dary's Office the -Chief Baron received no Fee
where a similar Fee was not also received by the.
Chancellor of the Exchequer. What had been
imputed as a crime in the Court of Exchequer,
was no crime in the Court of Chancery, as the
same practice there had been passed over with-
out any comment. Had not the• Chief Baron
made the transfer of Fees, he would have lost on
one class of cases 248 Fees, and on another 176.
The Chief Baron had been accused of exacting
the Fees in English money. Now'the order was
not that of the Chief Baron, but of the Court ;
and in the Office of the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer,- the Fees had always been received in
English money. He was willing to be judged by the
Statute of 1734, where it had been laid down
that all the Fees should continue where the du-
ties should continue. In the Fifth Report, the
Commissioners had -professed themselves incom-
petent to decide on the commutation or increase
of Fees, by the authority of the Court. But in
the Ninth Report they had pronounced against
the Chief Baron, though at the same time they
admitted that for 100 years the Judges had ex-
ercised their own discretion. He must complain
of the want of candour on the part of the lion.
Member, in reprobating practices in the Court of
Exchequer, and passing over similar practices
in the other Courts. The Hon. Member concluded
by thanking the Committee for the indulgence
with which they had heard him, and sat down
amidst loud and reiterated cheers.
The MarqUis of LONDONDERRY said, that the
Hon. Meinber who made the charge had. made a
distinct statement; and the Hon. Member who
had spoken last had done so in a manner that re-
"fleeted the highest credit on his feelings. But
he did not think that.all the facts were before
the House, and he himself felt he was unable to
come to a definitive conclusion. lie could not
vote affirmatively or negatively. The best way
might be .to keep the Committee alive ; and he
dreaded to take any step that he could not recall.
—He should move that the Chairman report pro-
gress, in order to afford time for deliberation,
and to come to a safe conclusion.
Mr. RICE had no_ wish to,precipitate the dis-
cussion, and would accede to the suggestion of the
Noble Lord.

The Marquis of LONDO-NDERRY said, that the
House would feel that nothing had been shewn
which should warrant him in going into the me-
rits of the Debt. Certainly those were at first
Loans ; but, in the late _long struggle, circum-
stances had arisen which had liquidated 'great
part of this Debt.. Still she would stand ill in
her own eyes, and in those of the world, if she
did not take measures for coming to an arrange-
ment as to this Debt. He said, that when a coun-
try had not the means of doing a thing, it was
the best reason why she should not do it ; and,
therefore, if left .to his own discretion, he would
advise that Austria should not now be troubled
on this.subject.
' Mr. WARRE understood that it was admitted
that this was a Loan and not a Subsidy.; but it
should be remembered that she was not troubled
with a request for repayment during the struggle,
in which both of us were engaged ; and, there-
fore, she ought to be called upon now, especially
when she could find money to carry on her ag-
gressions on Foreign Powers. He thought even
a compromise seemed almost hopeless, when her
great German Diplomatists had refused ship
timber in part payment of this Loan, which
amounted now to 91,000,000/. It seemed to him
that we were very large creditors for a sum of
which there seerned.to be no chance of repayment.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, there
was no negociation going on at present.
'Mr. WAND could not agree to the production
of this paper, because such a step might embar-
rass any negociation which might be entered into
by the two Governments for the payment of this
debt: Still he did not think but that Austria
was in a state gradually to liquidate that debt.
He had no dependance on the faith of Austria.
He had degraded his (laughter and grandson
and exiled his son-in-law. He extorted from
the provinces of Lombardy, the Tyrol, and all
but what were perhaps ironically, called his
paternal States. He was sure that Austria would
not abandon the alliance of England even to sup-
port a successful fraud. AuStria was hated by
Russia and Prussia, Poland; Italy, the Tyrol,
and among her neighbours in Germany. If then
she persevered in this piece of barefaced injus-
tice towards this country, it must 'be that she
expected impunity. For this reason, as he ex-
pected that Government would interfere, he
should oppose the motion.
Mr. JAMES said, the Noble Marquis could not
have the power of relinquishing this debt without
the consent of the People ; then, indeed, would
the People be reduced to 'a complete state of
slavery. If 'the Noble Marquis did'not take some
mode of obtaining this money he should call the
attention Of Pat-Hai:tient to it.

Mr. CrAvE said the present Police was as ac-
tive as its potAers allowed. There were con-
stantly four officers patrolling the street in each.
division. Tie_ defended the Establishment of
Queen-square Office as highly necessary. The
district was small in extent ; but it should b.,
recollected that it extended over St. Mar-
garet's,. Westminster, the Waterside, and
whole neighbourhood of Tothill-fields. It was
not proposed to erect 'a new Establishment for
Mary-le-Bonne, but to remove the °Age now
at Shadweil, to Iligh-street, iklary-le-Bottne,
Mr.. BENNET thought that Queen-square and.
Shadwell Offices might both he dispensed with
and Marlborough-street Office, with an additional
number of Officers, would be able to do all the
business of Mary-le-Bonne..
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY confirmed tho
statement, that no new establishment was con=
templated ; it was only the romoval of Shadwelt
Office to Mary-le-Bonne.
Mr. DENMAN would rather this alteration
should be made by the, authority of Government
than by Act of Parliament.
After some observations from Mr. WILLIAMS,
the ATTORNEY GENERAL, and others, the clause
was agreed to.

On the Clause for preventing the blowing of
Horns on Sundays, Good Friday, and Christmas,
day, the Committee divided—The numbers
were—For the clause, 43—against it eight--
Majority against the horns; -3:;.
The several remaining Clauses were then (Bs-,
posed of, and the Report was ordered to be re-
ceived on a future day. The other-Orders were
disposed. of, and the liouse adjourned at Iti,vt,
o'Clock.

Suictou.—Ye'sterday an Inquest was held at
the Middlesex Hospital, before T. S•rrruAso,
Esq. Coroner, on the body of Mr. David Logan,
a baker. The deceased was found with his head
nearly severed from his body. A razor was lay:.
ing by his side o►► the bed, which, together %:it4
the apartment, was covered with blood. The
Jury returned a verdict—" That the deceased
committed the act himself, being' at the time in a
state of mental derangement."
