DEBTORS' SHEDULES BILL.

uaroens from the Bayswater ;cream, the ex'ff rise that nas
been incurred ,:n or towards effeetiag that object, and the ,
amount paid '4 the Commissioners of Sewers to the said
oo±rd of Woods and Forests in part payment of the same.
THE SLAVE T, 10012
In repiy to a. qitestiert from 8 Rir . INGLIS,
Lord ALMERSTOR said thtit h6r Govern-
:
mt3llt ha not Veen inattentive to the wishes of Parliament,
expressed in the address of the 12th of May, respecting the
abolition of the slave trade. At the present moment nego-
ciations were going on with the great Powers to obtain a
general declaration constituting the slave trade piracy all over
the world. This treaty would comprise not alone the ques-
tion of limits, but also the concession of the right of mutual
search. The United States of America were the only ex-
ception to the other Powers, and at present there was no very
great prospect of obtaining their assent to the treaty. The
maritime jea!ousy which had been overcome in the case of
France still stood as a bar in the way of accommodation with
the United States. But it was due to that Government to
add that there existed no grounds whatever for imputing in-
difference to them on the subject of slavery, or any laxity
in
enforcing their own laws in respect of it. With regard to
Portugal, he (Lord Palmerston) was not able to give such a
satisfactory answer as he could wish ; but he had despatched
the ultimatum of the Government to the British Charge d'Af.
faires there ; and the last accounts from Lisbon left it under
the consideration of the Portuguese Ministers. No final
answer, therefore, had as yet been received. At the same time
he hoped that the Portuguese Government would feel that
they were bound to execute their solemn engagement on the
subject of t!.ie slave trade with this country ; that if they did
not, it would be impossible for them to claim the fulfilment of
our part of it ; and, finally, that the Government of England
and the other great Powers would not suffer defiance at
its hands much longer. Portugal, however, stood in a very
peculiar position. Up to the present time it had no public
opinion. But it had now got a Government in which public
opinion and public virtue existed; and there was everything
to hope from their efforts. A great many influential persons
were engaged in the slave trade in that country, and it was
even publicly avowed—a thing unparalleled in the history of
the world—that the revenue o her African colonies consisted
entirely in the exportation of slaves, and that slavery was their
only commerce. With respect to Brazil, there were two
matters in discussion between that country and England; the
first an effort to obtain the assent of that country to the break-
' ing up and equipment ; and the second to give effect to the
declaration that the slave trade should be made piracy all over
the world. The subject would occupy the attention of her
Majesty's Government during the recess, and he (Lord
Palmerston) hoped that when Parliament met again he should
be able to make a more satisfactory statement on the subject.
Sir R. INGLIS thanked the Noble Lord, and expressed
himself satisfied with his explanation.
The House then adjourned at a Quarter to Eight o'Clock.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL begged to draw the at-
tention of the House to a Bill which had come down from the
House of Lords, touching the insertion of debtors' schedules
in newspapers, The Bill was read a first time last night, and
he proposed to take it through its remaining stages this even-
ing. He was anxious that he should be permitted to do so,
because he must say that its object was to remedy a grievance
of a very serious nature, although he must observe that a
similar grievance had been allowed to exist for the last twelve
years, and, so far as he could learn, without any complaint.
He alluded to the provision which had been in existence under
the Insolvent Debtors' Act. The Imprisonment for Debt Bill
required the schedules of debtors to be inserted in the news-
papers, and restricted the amount to be demanded by the pro.
prietors of newspapers to 3s. for each advertisement. Now,
he could not see that Parliament had any right to deal with the
columns of a newspaper, any more than they had to dispose of
the goods of any shopkeeper at certain prices. He thought,
therefore, that the House would see the propfiety of adopting
this measure, and of giving the protection suggested to the
proprietors of newspapers.
The Bill was then read a second time.

On the motion that it be committed, after a short discussion
upon a point of form,
Mr. AGLIONBY suggested that it was highly impolitic
to proceed so rapidly though the stages of such a Bill as the
present. when the benches of the House were so thinly occu-
pied. The effect of the proposed law would be to impose
a hardship upon debtors, because it might happen that they
were unable to procure sufficient funds to pay for the insertion
of the advertisement. He should suggest, therefore, that the
Bill should he withdrawn, as little harm could be done during
the recess to the newspapers, and that in the next Session a
new measure should be introduced, providing for the adoption
of such a price for the advertisements as would fully repay the
newspaper proprietors, and as would net seriously affect the
position of the debtor.
Mr. BR() r HERTON having said a few words in support
of this suagtstion,

Mr. H KW ES said that it was dangerous in the present state
of the Huse to compel the debtor to do certain things from
which he might hereafter be relieved.
Mr. FRE SHFIE L D said that it was creditable to n.ws-
paper proprietors that they should have so long perm;tted
the grievance of which they complained to exist, without at-
tempting to remedying it; but at the same time he was of cpi.
nion that it was not wise to press too severely upon debtors,
or to leave them entirely at the mercy of those who could
controul the prices to be demanded for the advertisements re-
quil.ed by law.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL thought that under the
circumstances it would be be better to withdraw this Bill, and
he was the less scrupulous in doing so, because he thought
that the Bill bore evident m Irks of its being prepared with
little care--( Hear, bear)—and because he thought it would
not he found to operate as beneficially as it was thought it
would.—( Hear, )
The Bill was then withdrawn.
LORD BYRON.

Mr. LEADER withdrew his motion respecting the admis.
sion of the monumental statue to Lord Byron in., kVestrninster
Abbey. Is the next session of Parliament h would renew, it
if the Dean and Chapter did not change their course of con-
duct in regaid to it during the recess. The Hon. Member
then moved for the following return :—Return of the names
of the assistant barrister, chairman, and other pres.idor
officer, c!crk, registrar, and other officer of the Courts of
Request in England and Wales ; by whom and when ap.
pointed ; the amount of sala des, fees, and other emoluments
rc.pectively received by the said officers in the years
1835, 1830, and 1837 respectively ; the number of suits
instituted in each of the said years for sums under forty
shillings, fur sums amounting to forty
shillings and not
exceeding, for sums above 31. aid not exceeding 5i., for
sums above Si. and not exceeding 71., for sums above 71. and
not exceeding 10/., fur sums exceeding 101 ; the total number
of suits heard and deterinined in each of the said years ; the
total amount of debts sued for, and the total amount of delys
recovered ; the total amount of c,)sts incurred ; a table of the
fees sanctioned by the colt, t ; the total amount of sums pail
into court ; the amount of sums remaining, uociairned ; wt e-
ther any security is given for the due application of sums paid
into court ; the number of persons imprisoned in each of the
said years ; the gaol to which committed ; the number of per-
sons committed for the maximum term of imvrisonmeld for
which the court can commit, classified according to the
amount of debt by which the maximum term of imprisonment
is regulated ; the number or commissioners (if any) as
' sociatcd with the presiding ohlic,T; the qualification of the
commis,ioners, and by whom appointed ; and the number of
days that the court sat in each of the said sears. Return
of the amount of the salaries, fees, and other crtiolu.
ments received by the presiding and other officers of the
County Courts, Hundred Courts, and Barough Courts of Re-
cord in England and \Vales, in each of the years 1835, 1836,
and 1837 ; the number of summonses or writs issued in each
of the said years ; the hm.unt of debts sued for under 40s.
and not exceeding 3/. above 3/. and not exceeding 51., above
51. and no exceeding 101., a'Jpie 101. and not exceeding 201.,
and for sums above 201.; the total amount of debts sued for
and of debts recovered in each of the said years; the total
amount of fees received ; a table of the fees sanctioned by the
court ; the application of fees received ; the names of the
presiding and other officers of the said courts, and by whom
appointed ; the number of days that the court sat in each of
the said years ; the number or persons imprisoned in each year
by order of the court ; and the number of persons imprisoned
for the maximum term of imprisonment for which the court
can commit.—Agreed to.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Aug. 15.
SHAW V. LAWLESS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR gave judgment to-day in this case
in which two conflicting opinions had been given by Lord
Plunket and Sir Edward Sugden, when Lor'l Chancellor of
Inland. Lord Plunket directed the plaintiff's bill to be
dismissed with costs, and Sir Edward Sugden decreed the
relief prayed by the plaintiff's bill to be granted. The Lord
Chancellor was clearly of opinion that the decree of Lord
Plunket was correct, and ordered that pronounced by Sir
E. Sugden to be reversed.
HOLDITCH V. WALLACE.

The LORD CHANCELLOR also gave judgment in this case,
which came before the House upon appeal from the decree of
Lord Plunket, by which his Lordship declared that two an-
nuities of 5,000/. and 1,0001., limited to Lord Belfast, and
an annuity of 4001., limited to Lord Edward Chichester, was
well charged upon an annuity of 10,0001. to Lord Donegal.
The Lord Chancellor thought that the decree of the Court
below was correct, and that the appeal ought to be dismissed
with costs.
Appeal dismissed with costs.

AUSTIN V. CHAMBERS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR also gave judgment in this appeal
from the decree of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, reversing
both the decrees that had been pronounced in the Court be-
low, and directing two issues to be tried.

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

NORTHERN CIRCUIT.-LIVE FOOL, AUG. 14.

James Macklin, Patrick Cummings, Edward Connolly,
James Dunning, and Martin Murphy, were charged with the
wilful murder of William Horner Ross; and George M‘ Carty
and Patrick Moreland were charged with aiding and abetting
in the said murder.

Mr. Armstrong and Mr. Rushton prosecuted ; Dr. Brown,
Mr. Murphy, and Mr. Wilkins, defended the prisoners.
It will be recollected, from the particulars published at the
time of the inquest, that the deceased (Ross) was an inspector
of police in this town, and that on the occasion of a pitched
battle in some fields near to Text eth Park, on the 28th of
May, at seven o'clock in the evening, he went out, with five
men under his orders, to prevent a breach of the peace. His
efforts were unsuccessful, and several rounds were fought;
at length one of the two combatants was taken into custody,
and after a chase the other also was secured, when immediately
an attack was made upon the deceased and the other officers,
and the two boxers escaped. The inspector, Ross, was very
severely beaten, and left on the ground insensible, where he
was found when an additional police force came up. He was
removed without delay to the Infirmary, and on the 6th of
June he was attacked with erysipelas, inflammation of the
brain ensued, and on the second day after he expired. The
medical witness said he had no doubt that the injuries he had
received on the head and the other parts of his body brought
on the disease which terminated in his death.
A great number of witnesses were examined to the fact of
the prisoners being of the party who had attacked the de-
ceased, but there were discrepancies in several instances as to
their identity. There was no proof as to Moreland having
been of the party,vand the only thing against WCarthy was
his having been heard to say, "Go it," or "Go on." It
was, however, proved that the prisoner Macklin had been
active, and had beaten the deceased severely with a stick.
Dr. BROWN addressed the Jury on behalf of the prisoners,
and called several witnesses to character.
The Learned Judge gave the case a patient and attentive
consideration in summing up, and
The Jury, situ consulting about an hour, brought in a
verdict, finding all the prisoners guilty of manslaughter,
with
the exception of Moreland, who was acquitted.
The Learned Judge then addressed the prisoners on the
nature and extent of the crime of which they had been found
guilty, and concluded by sentencing them to be transported
for life.

John Corbet Peel was charged with embezzling certain
moneys, the property of the Bank of Manchester.
Mr. Starkie and Mr. Dundas prosecuted; Dr. Brown and
Mr. Wi!kins appeared for the prisoner.
Mr. STARKIE stated the case, and said that the prisoner was
one of the cashiers of the Manchester Bank, and had been
in that situation from 1832 up till the period of the present
charge, the 31st of May last. There were three cashiers in
the bank, and the practice was for one of the Directors to
examine the Cashiers' accounts once in every week. The
Learned Counsel entered into a detail of the mode of trans-
hcting the business of the bank, and said, that on the 17th
of May the prisoner's accounts had been examir.ed in the
usual way, and found to be correct. On the 24th tie
prisoner was absent from illness, or some other cause, and
in consequence, the usual examination did not take place till
the 31st of May. The Director who made the examination
found the p.isoner at his desk about five o'clock in the after-
noon, maki!T up his accounts. He (prisoner) appealed to be
iii, and on being questioned as to that matter, said that he
was very uo well. Soon after he left, and his books were in
the meantime ex mined, and it was 19und that there was a Jc-
fici, ncy to a consoerable amount—amounting in all to up-
wards of 1,8001. One of the clerks went to his house to in-
form hint of the deficiency, when he (prisoner) expressed his
stir, rise, but said little more abut it. It, however, appeared
tat he had left on hori.ebick that night and proceeded as far
as Loughborough, from whence he dated a letter to a friend
iu M litchster. He next proceeded to Holland, and was fol.
hitved to Amsterdam by a Manchester police-officer, named
Sorrcy, who arrested the pisolier, and brought him back in
custody to .11,.nch,,ster, where he wide! went an examination,
and was at length committed to answer the charge.
Witnesses were called to prove the deficiency in the pri-
soner's accounts on the 3lst of May to the amount alleged;
after which,
Dr. BROWN addreascd the Jury for the prisoner, but called
no witnesses.

The Learned Judge summed up.
Verdxt—Guilty. To be transported for seven yetrs.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, Aua. 15
IMPORTANT Tu CREDITORS AND ASSIGNEES.

e
earnlne tihe nsoyl:eanr Ba3n2,
,i esotrhensoef l.pt e name
tembe rorof Isaac
thatßrya
year
war b
set edis-
charged by the Court. His debts in the schedule were stated
at about 1,200/. ; 3871. 4s. 6d., part thersof, the insolvent
stated to be due on mortgage of certain premises held by him
under a Mr. Hannam for ninety-four years then unexpired, at
a rem of 801. per annum. The premises were built by all
insolvent for a public-house, situated at No. 1, Ru'land.
street, Hampstead-road, which dr! insolvent stated was worth
about 600/.
The insolvent also stated in his schedule that there «+a3
451. due to Mr. Hannani, as landldrd of the premises, for rent.
At the hearing of the Insolvents petition, Mr. Hannam ap-
plied for the assigneeship, and was thereupon appointed.
Immediately after his appointment be caused the premises
to be put Up for tale by public auction) but not being
disposed of at tile sale, it appeats that from that period he
treated the ptoperty as his own. In the beginning
of the year 1835, a license was obtained for the pretnises in
the name of a Mr. Howell, he having been applied to by the
as-ignee to permit hint to use his name instead of his own,
atid Howell .
the b
statesusiln theassignee of May,
monthadvAnced him ö 611. 10s. to
carry on 37,
Mr.
Hannam let the premises on a 21 years' lease to a Mr. Homer
(being a part of the term) at a considerable advance on the
rent in his own private character, and not as assignee, and gave
his receipts to Horner accordingly.
Two of the creditors, of the names of Tallack and 'Head,
considering that there was something like neglect in the
assignee in not sending any account, applied to their soli-
citor to advise on the course they ought to pursue, and
n
the result was an application to the Insolvent Debtor's Court
for a rule to compel the assignee to render his account of
had
the
estate, by which account he made the creditors debtors in
actedthe u
sumpoonf
his 3601.0 w n uponrespo thensi gandalwoniteh,oualtthcoougsuhlting the he
creditors.

Mr. FRESHFIELD then moved for an Address to her
Majesty for a copy of the correspondence which passed be.
tween her Majesty's Board of Woods and Forests and the Com-
missioners of Sewers for the city and liberty of Westminster
and part of the county of Middlesex, preparatory to the pass.
ing of the Act 4th and sth William IV., c. 96, for the pur..
'pose of bringing clean water into the lake in Kensington

THE SAINT, LONDON, TitURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1838,

'the Learned Coitiraissioiter; it a'ppe rrs, Went into the ac-
counts on the I.lth of Jand try last; hut they bring imperfect
and unsatisfactory, directed furthe/ and bistter accounts to be
fistniStiee td the credlters.
tit? Ttiesd:6,d the i3th day of March last, these aceounil
were gone inc before Mr. bortinistfienet Law:
Mr; Nichols attended as Cour,sel tor aie strAditora ; Mt.
CresaPll far the instilvefit ; and Mr. Cooke for the assignest.
Mr. COOKE, after stating the nature of the accounts, called
Mr. Jackson, the assignee's accountant-) to trove that the
items set forth in the accounts produced were extracte4 from
the different books used by Mr. Hots ell. who was called on to
support the outlays as stated in the accounts, and also the
receipts.
On his cross-examination by Mr. NicttoLs, in behalf of the
creditors, he said he was sorry he was mixed up in so scan-
dalous a business.
The Learned COMMISSIONER, on hearing these words used,
called upon that gentleman to explain whether there was any-
thing so bad in it. to which
Howell replied he attributed it to Mr. Hannam.
On his cross-examination by Mr. NictioLs, Howell stated
that Mr. Hannam never said to witness that he was assignee
of the premises, and that he (witness) understood it was for
his ( Harinam's) own benefit.
Mr. NtctioLs then addressed the Court on behalf of the
creditors, and urged with great force the impossibility of
suffering an assignee to be treating property as his own which
belonged to the insolvent's estate, and if the Court was once
to entertain such a principle, there would be no knowing to
what extent such a precedent might be carried.
The Learned COMMISSIONER in giving his decision said, the
assignee from the time the trading commenced in 1835 to
1837, should be charged with rent, and that the trading ex-
penses must be borne by the assignee, and direeted the two
account rnts to go through the accounts, and come before him
when properly adjusted.
This day the further and final audit was gone into, when
Mr. Nichols attended as counsel for the creditors, and Mr.
Cooke for the assignee.
On hearing evidence on behalf of the creditors,
Mr. COOKE said he had a proposition to make, that the
assignee should be charged with such an amount as the pre-
mises were considered (and which must be proved by evidence)
worth at the time the premises were let to Mr. Horsier.
After some conversation the counsel for the creditors con-
sented for the matter to be postponed, that his clients might
have an opportunity of calling a meeting of creditors to hear
their opinion thereon.
On the counsel going into the audit to-day, a sum of 2111.
was charged for the repairs, but the counsel for the creditors
being prepared to object to the majority of that amount,
after a conversation with Mr. Keightley, who has acted as
solicitor for the creditors, he agreed to 80/. as a deduction
from that amount, which was acquiesced in by Mr. Cooke on
behalf of the assignee.
The further audit, therefore, stands adjourned until the
creditors have been called to consider of the proposed terms.
It appears from this investigation, that the creditors will re-
ceive 20s. in the pound under this estate, through the deter-
mined investigation by some of the creditors.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

G UILDHALL.

Yesterday Mr. Frederick Clark, an inhabitant of St.
Nicholas Cole-Abbey, a small parish of 56 houses, near St.
Paul's Cathedral, attended before Sir P. Laurie and Mr. Al-
derman Magnay, to answer the complaint of the collector for
refusing to pay 101. 18s. 9d. for six quarter' tithes due to the
Rev. John Mitchell, who is the rector of this parish, united
with another of 50 houses, called St. Nicholas Olave, and
who derives a stipend of 2161. from them in lieu of tithes.
Mr. Scargill, the collector, produced the assessment, made
by the Aldermen, Common-Councilmen, and parish autho-
rities in 1824, and a lease granted by the trustees of a charity
in respect to the house occupied by Mr. Clark, to show that
he was in possession of the premises assessed.
Mr. Wire, as solicitor for the defendant, objected that the
document put in did not appear en the face of it to be an
assessment in lieu of tithes. It did not give the least clue to
the object for which the money was raised, and, for all that
was shown, might be a rate for any other purpose. He re-
quired proof that the document produced was a rate to raise
the stipend in lieu of tithes.
Mr. Scargill said he did not expect to be met with objec-
tions of mere form. Mr. Clark complained that the assess-
ment was levied unequally, and that was the only objection he
expected to have to meet, and as to that, he should have sub-
mitted that the rector had nothing to do with the apportion-
ment of the rate on the several properties in the parish. The
law required the churchwardens, overseers, inhabitants, and
others to settle the assessment, and if any one had reason to
complain of inequality, his appeal was against the assessors
(not the clergyman, who took no part in fixing the amount),
and the Court of Aldermen were authorized to decide on the
appeal. As to the want of heading or specification of the ob-
ject of the rate, the clergyman was not responsible for the
omission; he produced it as it was delivered to him by the
parish officers. It was given to him as the tithe rate, and, as
it had been acted upon without objection for fourteen years,
there was no doubt of its authenticity. The charity trustees,
who were likely to have correct information, and who let the
house to Mr. Clark, had paid the rate upon it.
Mr. Wire said, that only showed that the trustees had mis-
appropriated the funds, by paying an unfair rate on the cha-
rity property to relieve themselves and the other inhabitants
of their due proportion. The house had been empty for
years, but the tithes had been paid.
Mr. Scargill said, the character of the trustees would sus.
tain them against this unhandsome imputation.
Sir P. LAURIE said, if the document produced was de-
livered to the clergyman as his warrant for demanding and
enforcing payment of the several sums set against the various
premises, the magistrates were bound to act on it. It had
been acted on for many years, and he could not doubt that it
was, in fact, the tithe-rate. Mr. Wire's objection was merely
a technical one. His (Sir Peter's) office was to do justice,
and he bad always done justice. Mr. Wire was not show-
ing that his was unjustly assessed, but seeking by technicali-
ties to defeat a claim on him. _ _

Mr. Wire said, that it had been well observed by Sir
Edward Sugden, who must be a great authority with Sir
Peter, that justice was always administered when forms were
adhered to. If Sir Peter decided on granting a warrant of
distress it would be illegal, and his client would have no
remedy but by action. If there was an appeal against the
Magistrate's decision, be would not press his objection in this
Court. He had six or seven objections to the rate, but he was
not bound to state them all. Suppose a highway or any other
rate were in question, the Magistrate would not act on it till
proof had been given that the rate was properly made, allowed,
published, demanded, and refused. Mr. Scargill ought not to
take every thing for granted. He ought to show the tithe-
rate was made within the time allowed by law.
Eventually the case was adjourned, that the tithe-rate might
be compared with and adjusted to the poor-rate.

LAMBETH- STREET.
Yesterday John Glover, an old man, 73 years of age, and
Caroline Bisheens alias Wolduck, were charged before Messrs.
Hardwick and Comb; with forging the will of a seaman named
Martin Byrne, and endeavouring to obtain possession of from
30/ to 401. wages due to the deceased.
The prisoners, who declined offering any thing in their de-
fence were remanded for a week, and there is no doubt at
that time numerous other charges of a similar description will
be established against them.

TV OR SHIP- STREET.
Yesterday Mr. Pratt, a county Magistrate, residing at
Hampstead, attended before Messrs. Broughton and Barlow,
the sitting Magistrates, to make the following communication;
Mr. Pratt stated that he waited upon the Magistrates in
consequence of his having perceived in the newspapers a re-
port of the case of Basil de Mair, who was on Monday corn-
mitted from this office, on a charge of having feloniously
slaughtered a cow, under barbarous circumstances. About
a week before that atrocious act was committed, one of his
(Mr. Pratt's) calves was mangled and destroyed in a similar
manner, nearly the whole of it; fl sh having been cut away, to
all appearance, whilst it was alive, and he thought it probable
that the prisoner De Mair was the guilty party.
Mr. Baoccirrov inquired if any one was seen about the
premises bjore the transaction took place.
A person, named Abercronly ,wtto accompanied Mr. Pr,,tt,
said that a man of very suspicious appearance, who wore a
shirt with blue str'pes, was seen lurking about shortly before,
and a quantity of rope was left in the cowhouse by the mis-
creant who perpetrated the deed.
Mr. BROUGHTON said that the man who saw the suspected
party had
ty had better proceed to Newgate, to ascertain if he could
identify 130 Mair, and if he did so, Mr. Pratt could pret'cr
another indictment against him.
Mr. Pratt, after expressing his determination to follow the
matter up, returned his thanks to the M :gistrates, and retired.

Mn. URQUHART'S " SPIRIT OF THE EAST.''--
Mr. Urquhart, the sa-ne gent:at-man who is at present attracting so much
attention through the medium of our Parliamentary debates, has been
long a resident in the East, and during the whole of his stay there his
attention has been unceasingly occupied in investigating in detail the
laws, history, commerce, political, and diplomatical position of that part
of the globe, and more particularly of Turkey. Of his talent for the
accomplishment of the task his former works have amply assured us,
while his opportunities of rbtaining the information he sought were not
only great, but surpassed those of any other previous traveller. In the
" Spirit of the East" Mr. Urquhart has produced a very valuable, desir
able, and interesting work--most comprehi naive in its details, and
written in an admirable style. Every page teems with information and
amusement,
NEW NOVELS AND ROMANCES.--The follow-
ing new works of fiction are just published by Mr. Colburn, Great
marlborough.street, and may be had at all the Libraries :-1. The
6130111 e Family, by a Lady of Rank, 3 vols.-2. The Woman of the
world, by the authoress of " The Diary of a Desennuyee," 3 vols.-3,
The Man about Town, by the author of " Glances at Life," 2 vols.-4.
The Greenwich Pensioners, a companion to Mr. Gleig's Chelsea Pen_
sinners, 5 vols.-5. Shakspeare and his Friends; or, the Golden Age of
Merry England, an historical romance, 3 vols.-6. Lights and Shadows
of Irish Life, by Mrs. S. C. Hall, 3 vols.-7. Nourmahal, an oriental ro-
mance, by M. J. Quin, Esq., 3 vols.-8. Outward Bound; or, a Mer.
chant's Adventures, by the author of Rattlin the Reefer," 3 vols.—
g. The Courtier's Daughter, by Lady Stepney, 3 vols.-10. Men of Cha-
racter, by Douglas Jerrold, Esq., 3 vols., with numerous characteristic
etchings after Thackeray-11. Royston Gower; or, the Days of King
John, by T. Miller, 3 vols , and 12. Love, a novel, by Lady Charlotte
Bury, 3 v°l°' •

T_
lIE MOORS.—Grouse shooting commenced yes-
terday; but the poachers had been at work on Saturday, and even, we
grieve to say, on Sunday. As yet it Is too early to report progress, very
few sportsmen having returned to town. Indeed, we are only aware of
one, who brought with him nine brace of plump birds, and left behind
him a friend who had bagged six brace.—The birds, he says, are strong,
and the coveys numerous, but very wild, and the moors still wet.—
Thortft ils Courier.
