S DAY AT u O'CLOCK.

b, !RICE OF vroults TFil
TiAk StOCk ''
Red....,.. 1934 61. i
-P"'"t
......... 89 EV!4
3,4 11)q Cent Cons ' • ........
pet ent. . . .........
13itt°1ted ............ b•sli 65%
3."°4;4 per. Cent ...... .95%
Pet Cerit Ann. 1i`2•1•3 ••• --,,,
410er Cetit. lEs2ti ........ . 62" ''
Ildhi. ,
i'' +ling Al.ll. to expire
•ak 5,1860.
.. .17%14
j`kst. 10, ;mg.:: ...... ii,4 3-16
Jan-14'5,1860 . • ...... 116 15-16
JA44I. 5,1880. ...........
---
~ 15.1%) .... ................
......_

hp tdAn OF FOREIGN FUNDS
.Dittn Bonds797/ Li so 1,4 111.411? count... 79%
SO
Oitt an Bonds ........ 51
tueto? Account 5l
bittZ Account
Bonds ....... —2136
,„AeCoUnt
17% colubv„.4oconnt —
bitto''n Bonds l2
tto Aj,..,ccount.
bitto -"ds, 1824 l4
Danish ieccount 14;4
Bittn '°ncts ............. 72N (Ire,* iacFount .............
bitto Q••••...„ .264
bi„o 1825
29 51,a,,Asecount ............ 30 29 ;
121tto"Pconds, 5 per cent —
to.Dit 116 e°unt ..............
1)40 Per cent ......... 31 2
eappiitZooool. ...... .„..31 y. 6 2
......

New 5 per Cent.
India Stock
Ditto Bonds 116 pm.
South Sea Stock
Old Annuities
New Ditto
3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
Ex. Bills, £I,OOO :47 pm.
Ditt0............500 47 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial. pm.
Ditto Advertised — pm.
Bank for Account.
India for Account
'Cons. fcr Feb. 27

.884%3i

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Peruvian Bonds
Ditto Account
iPortuguese Bonds
Ditto Account. 5O

i Regency Scrip 4i dis.
Ditto Account 4f,' ciis.
Prussian Bonds —
1 Ditto Account
—...

i Ditto Bonds, 1822 —
'Russian Bonds, 1822 103.7.4
Ditto Account lO3
1 New Loan 95
Spanish Bonds, 1821 l6Vi
Ditto Account 16,1 i
Ditto Bonds, 1823 15%
Ditto Account —
!French Rentes, sp. c.103f —e.
Exchange 2sf 80c.
•—ft per cent. —f c.
Exchange —f —c.
Dutch 454 i 6 5% 614
Ditto Account4s% 6 5% 6%
French Scrip 4!•:, pm.

rltl---------
-S or ----------k O'CLOCK.
SHARES THIS DAT AT OHS
,Rio k Paid. Per Share.
12
Rolan, ex. lin. Co. lies. at 5/. pm.) £lo°
152%
£l5O
ar_arilia,,N,tinMß Company
53
oitto- 'P. Alin. Co. (its. at 5/. pm.) £2O
16%
bitto National 17%
4%
Ditt St John Del Rey
54
8r Coe
5
18%
Colit,,,Pl IN ining Company £so
04`,,iiazi. Mng Co. (iss. at 51. pm.) "IN
.I.,_n. Mining Company 12%
Alexr Milling Association
14,1,,0, Alining Co. £46
2.1411,4"e' Nonte.M.ining Co. ...,
11r11,„.ntia Mining Co 330 -
Nex.
r)ii-; me Min. C. o (iss. at 21. pin.) 40 10% % 10
14% % 14
ikti6Lo w S
l'iotllee Fire leim 5
nsurance Comp lO 9%
£1 6 0
AtuC°, Insurance Como.
7
tar_ahan co.
25%
Q1.,11 Companv
17 45%
9%
NT. 41 Steam Navigation Co. 3
Meial Bank of Ireland 25 29%

"5
25
7
4
24 25 24,4

WEEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR THE ARMY
,
Da rs AND NAVY.
ay, February 9, will be published, the First
Numer, price 7d. of
TaturdHE NAvALb AND MILITARY GA-
WP—E ZETTE, and
KLY CHRONICLE OF THE UNITED
The SERVICE.
vietio nadertaking here announced is the result of a con.
151,44 that has been long entertained, of the necessity for
on established medium of communication and intelli-
s,rvi concerning all matters of interest to the two Martial
acinptel7, to appear at shorter intervals than those hitherto
the me Occasions are incessantly arising, on which
erin,
e-41ners of two professions, so important in number,
fseijtFti",i and duties, as the Army and Navy, require
affort for immediate intercoulse. These cannot be
Isst‘fi:d by the "Monthly Journal," which, during the
Years, has been recognised as their established
44
d"‘„ e
;1„ 1
for subjects and opiions admitting of leisurely
eo, and more elaborate trneatment. It is, therefore,
14 :4'l that a Weekly Paper, which, besides possessing
4141jlential recommendation of more frequent appearance,
ItllieCncentrate in its columns every ray of information
414 tlll' inquirer must otherwise seek in scattered nais-
tilltae" sources, cannot but be most acceptable to the
1p 4'4 the two Services.
Atddition to a constant supply of useful information
4441( "Thject of a professional nature, THE NAVAL
PstiI4'IILITARY GAZETTE will include all the im-
-44t features of a Newspaper, so as to present a con-
ad
ml of general newa, together with the most
Th details on the topics constituting its main purpose.
4111...1 arrangements made for the conduct of this Paper
the • l ration and the most
41,41_ highest professional co-operation
Tear. contributions from the first Naval and Military
,
b'stil,"' Published every Saturday afternoon, by W.
-.t1,4)d 19, Catherine-sti:eet, Strand ; to whom com
414 r -4
for the Editor (postage free) are requested to be
Nt.
Orders received by all the Newsmen.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POULErr SCAOPE'S Letter to-morrow

- *nit+

LONDON,
JNI) AY EVENING, FEBRUARY 4, 1833.

eonte are not in the habit of censuring our
the "tnPoraries merely because they now and
ilielldisPort themselves with throwing mud at
jieighbours ; but there are certain occasions
it hich it would be as culpable to be silent as
ectt4l4 be imprudent to be critical. Such an
'et4ii"n now presents itself. It must be in the
ag'etion of the public, that nearly two years
ete(l;°4l ALTHORP took great and very just
pos° himself and the Government for a pro-
adv:' reduction of the taxes on newspapers and
fiiil4tisernents. The concession was as grate-
tendY e, teeeived by the public as it was liberally
Titliet
, ,
Q by the enlightened Ministers of Reform.
defei; Went on, but the promised boon was still
At 1; it was considered enough by Lord
nll°llP to have excited public expectation
rreei4(ler hope deferred" the more
lin•°4s i.O make
n its fulfilment. Happily for the
the hstrY, Reform was the order of the day, and
avvav°llr of promise never came. Time passed
the and with it the old Parliament, that hailed
'kee °rnplishment of a reduction of the taxes
Iternn°wiedge to make way for a new and
woul-fittleci Parliament, which, it was hoped,
we 1: Carry that reduction into effect ; but if
of it4Y Judge by an article (in another column
orßaqe Sun) from the Globe—the presumed
pl.l-e'll of Ministers—that reduction will not take
be -e' And why? Because such reduction would
butrhNudicial to the public ? Not altogether so ;
-eeause the Times and Herald, and Globe,
,Dvel/4111i noto has the largest circulation of the
dent ng Papers, have never more than inci-
tikeallY alluded to the subject !" But we mis-
ttn, our oracular organ of the Evening, ven-
itete3 to warn Ministers " that of all the sub-
h4B which have attracted any attention, no one
?to„ "e" so little discussed by those who are
efic C"Teteili to give a correct opinion on its
(741' as the reduction of the stamp duties.
what it " most competent" organ then denounces
to
tett
Pleased, in the true French fashion,
for a:4l " the Gentlemen of the Movement,"
to
givsertLing
that the
" effect of the stamp duty is
diskotoftne existing Papers a monopoly." In
the of this assertion, the Globe instances
the 2,1.:'" of those most disinterested Journals
blhich, n
ce' and Herald—all the proprietors of
1,6 with many others of the best esta-
ar,bst,itted
fro
from the same motives, have
v-zover °R' makin any representation to the
"lent g
rnent,oo
the Or the members of the Govern-
helief subject (though this is merely our
haul while We 1
t►hat ‘, 'aye no doubt, on the other.
eeesaoti the tacksq and projectors have in-
veBjeged I I e-
gera beai e Government as the p g
sentatin4m, eged candidates with their repre-
The it
and' for 411:5"reitt the above p assae e our own ;
not written 4sou, if the articl g ar
e in question be
by eOMMalld," it savours very

offensively of official assumption. The Globe
merely believes that none of the proprietors of
the Times or Herald, or of the many others of the
best established Papers, have made any represen-
tation to the Government, but it has no doubt,
on the other hand, that the quacks and projec-
tors have incessantly besieged the Government
on the subject. Now this is proving rather too
much. If the Globe be not in the secret of
Ministers with respect to their intentions in this
matter, it is clearly in their confidence as to
the knowledge of " the quacks" who have so
incessantly besieged the Government ; and, being
in the secret, the Globe has either betrayed the
confidence of its patrons, or it has put forward
this manifesto to feel the public pulse.
In either alternative, we say, let the glory or
disgrace attach where it is due. If the Minis-
ters think of halting in the performance of their
promises to the public, so far as regards the reduc-
tion of these taxes, and the consequent diffusion
of knowledge, we tell them, as true friends, that
they mistake their purpose : we " warn them" to
beware of interested advisers, however " compe-
tent" in their own conceit; the day of patronage
has gone by for corrupt rulers—and the day of
monopoly has departed, or will soon depart, for
subservient Journalists.

We do not pretend to know Lord Al,
THORP'S present plan, if he has any, but his
" most competent" organ denounces his former
measure as one "rashly proposed, and causelessly
abandoned"—and Ministers are warned, " for their
own sakes (the considerate oracle !) not to take
any rash steps in a matter with which they have
shown themselves very imperfectly acquainted."

But this is not all. The character of Minis-
ters, we are told, cannot but suffer by futile pro-
jects ; but " if there be any one measure, after
the vote by ballot (still harping on the appre-
hensive chord !) and universal suffrage, which is
more likely at this moment to PRECIPITATE A
REVOLUTION, we (the Globe Newspaper—the
oracle of the Reform Ministers) believe it to
be the removal of the STAMP duties on News-
papers, and Papers of political discussion ! ! !"
People of England ! hear ye this ? On the
very eve of the KING going down to open the
first session of a Reformed Parliament—the
organ of Ministers steps forth with a manifesto
against public liberty, and threatens the public
safety, if the avenues to political knowledge be
not closed against the majority of the people !
Further on, in this demi-official or demi-pre-
sumptive article, for we have no time to discuss its
rhodomontade about "gill and smuggled brandy,
and the ignorance of the people," occurs the
following very significant sentence :—" But a
grosser error still is to suppose that the most
prosperous newspapers would maintain their
present character or comparative influence. The
newspapers and stamped political writings
which now flourish are those which suit
the taste of the sevenpenny buyers." Here
the murder is out ! The Globe says, that
the people are ignorant, and therefore it is
better to keep them ignorant of their political
rights than to reduce the taxes on knowledge,
because the Globe is " full of apprehension"
that such reduction would diminish the
present character and comparative influence of
" the most prosperous newspapers !" This is
the true spirit of monopoly exemplified with a
vengeance, and that, too, by the supposed late
friend of the people, but now sadly changed
oracle of the people's Government.
But enough for the present. We cannot
think so meanly of Lord ALTHORP, as to ima-
gine that he will lend himself to the interested
views of any party, when those views militate
against pithlic liberty, or have a tendency to
abridge the free circulation of that knowledge,
on the proper diffusion of which the pre-
sent liberal Administration founds its just
claims to public confidence. But we may
be mistaken. If so, the sooner the better. In the
meantime we call upon all those who take an
interest in the diffusion of knowledge—and
what patriot does not ?—to be on the alert.
More especially do we remind our Provincial
Contemporaries, whose interests are most
deeply affected in the result of the pre-
sent arrangements—that the time is now ar-
rived when they ought one and all to con-
vince Lord ALTHORP that he will best
consult his own character, and the inte-
rests of the public at large, by doing
what is right with regard to the newspaper
and advertisement taxes—that is, by fulfilling his
promise, regardless of monopolists on the one
hand, and selfish alarmists on the other. The
Sun will do its duty.

A conference has been held this morning at
the Foreign-office, at which Prince TALLEY•
RAND attended, on the arrangement of the
Belgian question. Meetings of a similar nature
have been held regularly during the last week.
Great hopes may therefore be entertained that
this important subject will be speedily brought
to a satisfactory conclusion.

The Morning Advertiser of to-day has the
following paragraph on the subject of slavery :

" It has been reported to us—and we believe the repos t
to be correct—that his Majesty's Ministers have been in-
duced to abandon their plan of slave emancipation ; and
that instead of any measure of that kind being proposed, a
Committee will be appointed far the double purpose of
valuing the quantity of compensation which ought to he
allowed to the proprietors of slaves, and the period at which
their emancipation may commence. This is a prudent
step on the part of the Government, and will unquestion-
ably end in the abolition of slavery."

Our contemporary is generally cautious in
his anticipations of coming events, but from
what we have heard, we are induced to
think he will prove mistaken on this point.
What is ultimately intended to be done we
do not pretend to know, but we believe that
the plan Ministers have in view, although to be
immediately acted upon, will be more gradual in
its operations, and in every respect better, than
that spoken of by our contemporary, viz., that at
present advocated by the Anti-Slavery Society,
the taking of the power of using the whip out of
the irresponsible hands of the masters, and
placing it in that of Magistrates. This, it is
true, is nothing better than the treatment
experienced by convicts in New South Wales,

hut still it is a step towards the total abolition
of the present accursed system, and is one which
no genuine friend of the planters can object to.

The rapid and continued rise in the French
Funds is generally considered by stock-jobbers
as indicative of the determination of the diffe-
rent Powers of Europe to remain at peace.
Whether this inference is a correct one or not,
we do not pretend to decide ; but we may say,
from what we have seen of Stock Exchange
transactions lately, that if the prices of the public
securities be a political barometer at all, it is one
which is by no means infallible, for its variations
are governed by no rule, and seem to defy every
calculation which it is in the power of men to
make. Mr. ROTHSCHILD or M. DE TALLEY-
RAND could, we doubt not, if they pleased,
assign a very different cause for the rise in the
French Funds. They are too conversant with
such matters not to know that when it is to the
interest ofa Government, or of the leading stock-
jobbers, to raise or depress the funds, they are
seldom at a loss for, or very scrupulous as to,
the means.

But independently of the political cause as-
signed by some of our contemporaries, and of
the understood practices to which stock jobbers
usually resort, may not the internal condition of
France have much to do with the present rise ?
Confidence in the assurances of Russia, Austria
and Prussia may be the last thing thought of as
a cause for the improvement by persons who un-
derstand the subject. They may impute the
rise to the growth of liberal principles in Great
Britain and France, and to that union between
the two countries against which no opposition
could possibly prevail. The funds have not
risen because Earl GREY and Marshal SOULT
are convinced that neither Russia, Austria, nor
Prussia, would attempt, or is even desirous of
disturbing the general peace, but because they
knew that any attempt of that kind would
only be of short duration, and that moneyed
men of all other countries would rather invest
largely in the British and French funds, in pre-
ference to their own, than Englishmen or
Frenchmen would sell out to invest in Foreign
Funds, which would be dreadfully depressed by
the necessary efforts to obtain the means for
carrying on a war, and by the want of confidence
among the subjects of the aggressing Powers as
to the result.

There was a time when the prices of the
Government Securities of free states bore a very
poor comparison with those of despotic Powers
—when the ROTHSCHILDS and the GOLD-
SMIDS, and the BARINGS, would listen to
no sounds in the Market but cries of Russian
and Austrian Scrip. These times are past.
Liberal principles are preponderant, and your
regular money dealer or stock jobber will invest
in what he considers the strongest bank.
Hence it is not very surprising that the Funds
have risen in England and France, and it would
not appear surprising at all if we were to reflect
that as the alteration of the currency in England,
and the want of encouragement for enterprize in
France, have necessarily restricted the operations
of commerce, and reduced the prices of the ne-
cessaries of life, thousands who would otherwise
have embarked in trade, now prefer investments
in the Funds, as the secure mode of placing
their money, although the interest is compara-
tively small.
It is, therefore, absurd to later from the
rise or fall of the public Funds, in the pre-
sent times, that the chance of war is either
enhanced or decreased. We incline, how-
ever, to the opinion, that pease will be main-
tained, for it seems that every Power is anxious
to avoid war, and is seeking for a pretext to do
so, without at the same time making too large a
sacrifice of pride. Those who have the means
for war want the will, and those who have the
will are destitute of the means.

The following from the Paris correspondent
of the Times, dated Saturday, we give as bear-
ing on the subject :

A grand ball was given, for the first time this season,
on NVednesday last, at the Chateau of the Tuileries. There
were upwards of 3,000 persons present. Tke ball was
chiefly intended as an entertainment to the officers who have
been at the siege of Antwerp, a great number of whom
were, therefore, present. Of the foreigners invited by far
the greater number were English. Souse of the members
of the corps deplomatique did not fail to take note of this,
as well as of the fact that the King was very particular in
his attentions to your countrymen. The highest political
speculations were built upon that circumstance, which,
no doubt, has been made the subject of many a long di
plonsatic despatch addressed this week to the great Courts
and to the little Courts of the European continent. An
alliance offensive and defensive between France and Eng-
land has been made manifest to all their sagacious Ex-
cellencies of the Paris corps diplomatique by that most
significant incident.
The rise in the funds has continued, and the demand
for stock has been unusually great within the last three
days. Contrary to expectation no defaulters have appeared
up to this day, though the price of settlement of the
December account in the 3 per Cents. was 70, and that
of the January account 78. But it would seem that the
smooth way in which things appear to have gone off is
chiefly due to the transfer of the heaviest aocounts to the
next settling-day. The speculators have dealt chiefly,
during the month of January, in the 3 per Cents., and it
was foreseen by them that as soon as the 5 per Cents.
should reach p sr, which they were very near to in the be-
ginning of the month, the quotation would remain nearly
stationary. The 3 per Cents. have declined to-day about
,Jr per Cent., on account of the state of settlement, The
last price for the end of the month was 78, 20. Z.

During the last three or four days most of the
Irish Members who were absent from London,
some of whom were on the continent, have re-
turned to town, in expectation of an early dis-
cussion on the state of Ireland. We understand
that, although much divided in opinion as to
the propriety of supporting Mr. O'CONNELL's
party in some of the propositions which they
intend to bring forward, pearly 80 have agreed
on a systematic opposition to Government, pro-
vided any attempt be made to prevent or delay
Church Reform in Ireland. This will be the
most effectual way of bringing about that great
measure ; although we are far from doubting the
good intentions of Ministers, we cannot help
thinking that it will not be amiss to give the
spur to their good intentions. An opposition
of 80 Irish Members, added on any important
question on which popular feeling might be
against Ministers, to 80 honest English votes,
and to the 140 Tory votes which would be al-
ways ready for the purpose:of embarrassing the

Whigs, although directly opposed (such is the
Tory principle) to Tory interests, would. be
rather a formidable phalanx even for the GREY
Administration to contend against ; and it is
not to be supposed that they will, by a denial of
justice to Ireland, promote its existence. It is
pretended, indeed, that the Tories, in the exube-
rance of their conservativeness, will join the
Whigs against the independent party in the
House of Commons. We will believe it when
we see it. But if the Tories should do this, it
will only be for the purpose of digging a pit for
the destruction of their new allies. Nothing
good can come of such an union.

We have this morning received, through the
North and South American Coffee-house, New
York Papers down to the Bth of January in-
clusive, but they bring no decisive news with
respect to the Carolina question. The Bill
respecting the New Tariff had not yet passed
through Congress, but the general hope and ex-
pectation seemed to be, that the matter would
be settled without having recourse to arms.
The New York Standard says :

" There are some who de,ire that Government may
have an opportunity to prove its strength, and there are
others who do not wish even to seem to yield anything to
threats. God forbid that the Government should he re-
quired to show its strength against our fellow-citizens, and
Congress ought not to refuse to pass a just Act, because
the nullifiers have assumed an attitude of menace. Let us
be just, and despise them. Let us not leave them a pre-
tence for violence awl blood, and if then they rush on-
ward, they will find no sympathy."

In another column we have inserted a commu-
nication from the Committee of the Association
for the Emancipation of the Jews, by which it
will be seen that active measures are being taken
to press upon the Legislature the justice of the
claims of this portion of our fellow-subjects to
a participation of political rights and privileges,
as well as of political burdens, with ourselves.
That a Reformed House of Commons will
carry a measure having that object in view, we
cannot entertain the shadow of a doubt. The
only place in which it could by possibility fail is
the House of Lords, but light sufficient has now,
we trust, penetrated even into that ancient
refuge of religious prejudices to make op-
position to a measure, formed on the
purest principles of justice, perfectly useless.
The only argument, if argument it can be called,
we ever heard advanced against it was, the
" monstrous anomaly " (we think the phrase
ran) of an assembly, every member of which did
sot profess Christianity, legislating for a
Christian nation. In the first place, we
think the religious belief of the Mem-
bers of the House of Commons has about
as much to do with the question of their fitness
to guard the pockets and persons (the sole legi-
timate ends of government) of their constituents
as the colours of the coats they wear ; and in
the next place, the advocates for the exclusion
of the Jews seem to overlook the fact, that the
nation is not entirely Christian. The thousands
who claim a Jewish extraction, scattered over
the United Kingdom, are so much a part of the
nation by birth, by feelings of attachment to the
soil, by community of language, by loyalty to
the Sovereign, by participation in the public
burdens, as are our fellow-subjects of Danish
extraction in the Northern counties, of Celtic in
Ireland, Wales, and parts of Scotland, of Saxon
in the South, of French and Dutch in Norfolk
and the neighbouring counties, or of Norman,
found all over the kingdom. We think it a
much more monstrous anomaly to attempt
to make an assembly representing such
a variety of races and creeds of one uniform
opinion as to what is the interpretation to be put
upon the Bible, than that each should have repre-
sentatives there, expressing their opinions upon
the only matters, as we said before, which are
the legitimate objects of legislation. We shall,
however, say no more, till we see whether serious
opposition be intended against what it would
redound so much to the credit of the increased
intelligence of the age, not to have opposed at
all.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER.-(THIS DAY.'

ROBINSON v. DEBENHAM AND OTHERS.

This was an action for false imprisonment, brought by the
plaintiff against the eminent auctioneers, Messrs. Machin,
Debenham, and Storr, and Mr. Nevitt, a banker. Plaintiff
had lived with the defendants as clerk; he was taken ill, and
left his employment for a short time, during which a forged
check, purporting to be signed by the defendant Storr, was
presented and paid by Nevitt. The filling up of the check
appeared to be in the handwriting of the plaintiff, and he was
charged with the forgery.
The case was not finished when our reporter left.

We understand that LORD MELBOURNE has
written to Huddersfield to say that the Government cannot
undertake to build barracks for the defence of that town
against future electioneering vagaries ; but the Noble Li;rd
recommends the establi.hment of a corps of Yeomanry
Cavalry. —Leeds Intelligencer.

BRITISH INSTITUTION, PALL-MALL.--
The works of art composing the annual spring exhibition
at the above institution, which opens this day to thepublic,
were on Saturday submitted to the inspection of the
directors and other patrons and amateurs of the fine arts.
We were glad to observe, is examining this collection,
that it is, upon the whale, very meritorious, and calcu-
lated to sustain, if sot to raise, the character of our na-
tive artists.

We understand that Mr. JOSEPH PEASE,
jun., the Quaker Member for South Durham, has re-
ceive:: letters from Lord ALTHORP, informing him that
it will be unnecessary for that gentleman to present him-
se:f before the Lord Steward, for the purpose of taking
any oath or affirmation previous to entering the House ;
that the first opportunity of objecting to his taking his
seat will therefore be when he presents himself at the
table of the House; and that as the election of Speaker
takes place before the Members are sworn, Mr. PEASE
may, if he likes, vote on that occasion. Lord ALTrroar
also advises him not to raise the question till after the
KING'S Speech on the sth of February, as it would not
be desirable to debate it without a full attendance. His
Lordship, in a second letter, assures Mr. PEASE that be
is not unfavourable to that gentleman's taking his seat,
but he at the same time intimates that this is a question
in which Ministers must vote according to what they
conceive to be the honest and bona fide interpretation of
the law. He does not say what his opinion is, but it
may be gathered from his adding, that if it should turn
out that the law is imperatively against Mr. PEASE, he
shall exceedingly regret it; for when every other class of
Christians is admitted to the Houses of Parliament, it will
he quite preposterous that one of the most respectable de.
nominations of Dissenters should be excluded. From
these letters we draw two inferences—first, that the Go-
vernment and the law officers of the Crown think Mr.
PEASE cannot maintain his claim to substitute his affir-
mation for the oaths, according to the present state of the
law ; and, secondly, that Lord ALTHORP will cheer-
fully consent to the immediate introduction of a Bid
which will allow Quakers to sit in Parliament. —Leeds
Mercury.

Halifax market was very brisk, last Saturday,
for stuffs. Wool was, likewise, in much request, and
higher prices were readily given.—linitfaz Express.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.-(THIS DAY.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took his seat at Half.past Twelve o'clock,
and the swearing-in of Members was proceeded with. Among
those who were sworn-in were Mr. John Gully, M.P. for Pon.
tefract, and Mr. Scholefield, for Birmingham. The Members
are sworn by several at a time. In the same batch with Mr.
Gully was the heir to the noble house of Devonshire—Lord
William Cavendish.

VICE-CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.

SPECIAL INJUNCTION-HINXMAN V. BAKER.

Mr. DANIELS applied ex parte for a special injunction to
restrain the defendant from receiving from the East India Com.
pang, this day, the sum of 3801. under the following circum-
stances :—The plaintiff, defendant, and several other persons,
were owners of a ship called the Orontes, which in 1631 sailed
to the East Indies. The defendant was the commander of the
vessel, and was entitled to eight 64th parts of any profit she
might make. The voyage in 1831 turned out a considerable
loss. The East India Company were indebted to the propri.
etors about 6004 for freight, 300/. of which the defendant had
received, and it was believed he would apply for the remainder
to-day.
Tile COURT immediately granted the injunction.
