ARRIVALS LAST WEEK.

English Wheat, 3,7os—Harley, 2,491—ha1t, I,37o—Oats,
I,ls3—Rye, 00 Beans, 628-I'eas, 095—Foreign Wheat, 00
Irish Oats, 3,o3o—English Flour, 11,603 sacks.

AVERAGIit PRICF OF COl2ll IN ENGLAND AND WALES,
IN THE WEER ENDING DECEAIIIER 30. . •
Wheat, 535. 10d. ; Burley, 28s. Od. ; Oats, 21s. 4d.; Rye,
Ms. 4d. ; Beans, 345. Bd. ; Peas, 345. &1.

SMITHFIELD 'MARKET, JAN. 3.
There was a good supply of Oxen at market this morning,
as well as a greater number of Sheep than on last Monday.
Owing to the weather being dry, higher prices are demanded
for all articles of good quality, the butchers having disposed of
their Christmas stock. The trade appears rather brisk.
To sink the Offal, per stone of 84b.
Beef 3s 4d to 4s 4c. Veal
Mutton 3s Gd to 4s tk: I Pork
Lamb Os Od to Os thl.

IIAY AND STRAW, PER LOAD.

Flay £4 Os to .1:5 Os Clover £s N to £6 Os
Straw £1 184 to £2 2s.

MELANCHOLY ACCIDENTS fly lIIINTING.-WO
are extremely sorry to have to record two melancholy accidents
by hunting that took place lately in the county of Durham, on
the same day, viz. on Friday the 26th ult. First, the Rev.
Marmaduke Theakston, only son of the Rev. J. Theakston,
Rector of Hurworth, was drowned in pursuit of the Hurworth
fox-hounds, in crossing the river Tees, near Worsall. His
untimely fate is deeply lamented by his aged parents, and by
all the surrounding country.—The second casualty is equally
distressing :—Mr. Peter Warburton, a respectable farmer near
Londonderry, met with the same hard fate in crossing the river
Ure, near Norton-Conyers, while following Lord Darlington's
fox-bounds.—Report says Matthew Russell, Esq. MX., of
Brancepath Castle, had a narrow escape on the same occasion,

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extracts from the Morning Papers, Jan. 5.

[THE TIMES.]
Letters from Caton were received on Saturday
by the Thames East Indiarnan, arrived in the
Downs, dated the sth of August, and bringing
intelligence that appears to forebode another
znisonderstanding with the Chinese Government.
It appears that the affair of the Topaze frigate
has by no means been forgotten, though generally
understood to have been arranged in a satisfac-
tory manner. On the arrival of the Thames in
the river of Canton, which took place early in
June, a person was sent on board by the Vice-
roy, to inquire whether they had brought out
with them the murderers of those persons who
fell in the affair • of the Topaze, and were
prepared to deliver them up to be put to death
by the Chinese. They considered it to have
been a stipulation fully agreed on, when
they suffered the affair to rest, and the
trade of the former season to go in the
usual manner, that the misunderstanding should
undergo a strict investigation by the English Go-
vernment, and that the offenders should be brought
to Canton by the first ship of the present season.
The Commander of the Thames evaded the re-
quisition, by alleging, as was the fact, that his
ship was not the first of the new season, but the
last of the preceding one, having been detained
an unusual time on the voyage ; and with this plea
the Viceroy professed himself satisfied. In the be-
ginning of August, however, before the Thames had
cleared with her cargo, the Bombay, which was in
reality the first ship of the new season, arrived in
the river at Canton, when the application was re-
peated, and met with a reply so little satisfac-
tory, that there was no probability that the Bom-
bay would be permitted to take in her cargo.
It does not appear that the trade was actually
stopped, the Bombay having proceeded from
Macao to make the experiment, and the result
not being known. The other ships which had
arrived subsequently to the Bombay, were- wait-
ing at Macao until it was ascertained what course
was adopted by the Viceroy with respect to that
ship. The most violent conduct on his part was
apprehended, and it was reported that the whole
of the Hong, or security-merchants, had been
sent to Pekin to answer for the omission of the
expected redress by the British Government.—
This intelligence caused some sensation in the
city on Saturday, and India Stock fell between
2 and 3 per cent.

[MORNING POST.]
French Papers to the 3d inst. reached us last
night by E:press. The King has displayed his
approbation of M. de ViHews conduct at the
head of the Administration by appointing him
Commander of all his Orders, a distil t• which
Ic.tort
was regarded by some as a proof that Russian in-
fluence was on the define in the French Councils,
as the Emperor Alexander was known to be far
from partial to that Minister. The Journal des
Dtbats of the Ist inst. contains a Telegraphic
Dispatch from Lyons, announcing that 'uu the
241 h of December the Pope was at the last ex-
tremity : that after having experienced violent
convulsions, his Holiness had received the
sacrament, and that when the Courier left,
his life was not yet out of danger." —ln
the next day's
.Journal, however, we find a
letter from Rome, dated also the 24th of
December, but at eight o'clock in the evening,
which states—" that there had been a sensible
improvement in the state of the Pope : that he
Led been able to take without difficulty some
broth and a little jelly : that his voice
had regained strength ; his head was clear,
his pulse better, and his physicians were
less alarmed." f t is remarkable that time
Pope who assumed the name of Leo the Eleventh,
only filled the Papal Chair during one month
or two. Should Leo the Twelfth have as
short a reign, superstitious terrors will in
future attach to the name, or politicians
will imagine that both had been elected in
opposition to some great interests, .and paid
with their lives the penalty of their triumphs.—
The Ga::ette de France states in an article from
Madrid, dated the 22d ult., that the long pro-
mised amnesty had been signed the day before,
at a Council presided by the Infant Don Carlos.
It then adds, that this was the more remarkable,
as that Prince had been considered as using his
influence to dissuade the King from displaying,
" too much indulgence" towards the Constitu-
tionalist ! There is nothing remarkable in this :
we have only to suppose that if there be any
truth in the signing of the amnesty, it is one
which embodies the views of the Prince, and is
indulgent in so limited a degree as not to have
appeared unworthy of his sanction. It, was not
to make it appearance, we are told, till efter the
Christmas holidays.

[MORNING CIIRONICLE.]
In our Paper of Saturday, we inserted from
The Glasgow Chronicle an account of St. Do-
mingo, said to have been derived from a recent
traveller, which by no means harmonises with
some of the pictures of that Island in the late
communications from our own Colonies. If we are
to believe the Jamaica and I3arbadoes Planters,
the state of St. Domingo affords the most incontro-
vertible proof that Negroes are utterly incapable
of living- comfortably in any other state than that
of slavery,—that the cart-whip, in the hands of a
White man - is the only security which a Negro
has that another Negroe will not imbrue his
hands in his blood,—that the whole black
race are irreclaimably indolent, prefer hun-
ger and idleness to industry and a belly
full, and can only be induced to labour
by the dread of immediate • punishment. We
find on the contrary that in St. Domingo they
both live well and look well,—that many of the
cultivators of the soil have even acquired consi-
derable wealth.—" They are generally to be
seen clean with what raiment they have neatly
put on. Those country people who frequent the
country markets have a healthy, clean appear-
ance, and all of them are clothed. • Their -ap-

pearance in general is indicative of happiness and
contentment. In general they can read and
write,—their reading is chiefly plays and novels.
Thus comfortable in their domestic circumstances,
the export annually 30 millions of pounds of
Coffee." We learn further that their independ-
ence is such, that" they will brook no incivility."

[NEW TIMES.]
The Paris Journals of Friday have been re-
ceived. Their contents are unimportant.—A te-
legraphic dispatch had been received from Lyon,
announcing, that on the 24th ult., the Pope had
suffered violent convulsion, had received the Sa-
crament, and at the departure of the courier was
not out of danger. The advices from Madrid
furnish no news.

Letters from Mexico, dated the 16th of Oc-
tober, were received on Saturday. The indivi-
duals implicated in the late conspiracy and revolt,
to restore the former Government under Ytur-
bide, chiefly composed of the military, had been
tried by a Court Martial, and several found
guilty. One Colonel and seven inferior officers
had in consequence been shot. Martial law had
been proclaimed in the disturbed district, and
in those places infested with banditti. Nothing
additional had transpired respecting the loan of
twenty millions of dollars, contracted for by
Messrs. Barclay and Co.; but the Government
had, in anticipation of its being concluded, drawn
billy to some extent.—(/bid.)

Two reports were in circulation on Saturday,
which produced a slight impression upon the
price of India Stock. It was stated that dis-
patches had been received overland from India,
announcing an alarming insurrection in the inte-
rior. This was afterwards contradicted; but it
was then asserted that the trade at Canton had
been azain stopped by the Chinese, originating
out of the old affair of the Topaze. Nothing,
however, was known of this matter beyond mere
report up to a late hour; and India Stock, which
had fallen three per cent. in the course of the
day, left off 2 per cent. only lower than its
previo'us

[MORNING HERALD.
_I
It gives us much pleasure to observe that
an advertisement from the lax Office has ap-
peared in the Newspapers to the effect that the
late surcharges will be abandoned. We are
glad that Messrs. Canning and Robinson have for
the present abandoned these obnoxious sur-
charges.—They were creating more discontent,
even among the loyal than those Right Ilon.
Gentlemen were probably aware of. If the peo-
ple are to be relieved from taxation, let it be done
in reality. Nothing could have been more in.
judicious, after having passed a Bill for the pur-
pose of reducing the Assessed Taxes 50 per
cent, than to permit surchargers to add 50 per
cent. to the old assessment. The Ultra loyal
might say to the persons surcharged—" You
have your remedy ; you can appeal, and a day
.6e appointed by Commissioners for hearing
your appeal ; and if vou are aggrieved the
Commissioners will relieve you." Ibis is all
very true ; and, after a man has lost
two or three
days—standing in cold lobbies among a hete-
rogenous mass of fellow-sufferers--.h e, ei 1a pA
s
p
obtains his redress. And what is
that ?
pound or two, or three,—and he way have lost
in time five or ten pounds, if he be in trade or is
a professional man. This is the relief a man
gets by appealing. In fact, to a matt who has
any thing to do, it is as vexatious to end n
appeal, as to have the misfortune to belt„gg ad
into a Law Court. This is the reason why so
few appeals are heard after the parties have given
notice. No Messrs. Robinson and Can, in and
others belonging to the Government,
afford to roll in their carriaes who can
g , know compara-
tively but very little of what we have
stated,
and as there •is no necessity for them to attend
these Courts of relief, they think
that the
Courts of relief work well, and that every
body gets his relief easily. Before we quit this
subject, it may be as well to remind the pub-
lic that they are indebted for the respite the y
have for the present obtained, not to his Ma_
jesty's Ministers, in the first go off, but to the
Newspapers ; for had not the Morning Herald
and other Newspapers, by means of their Cor-
respondents' letters and articles, raised a stir in
the matter, the Ministers themselves would not
have known what these inquisitorial Surveyors
were about ; and the thing would have proceed-
ed in the usual smooth manner.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
Spain, through vll her provinces, is now en-
; joying the blessings of absolute power and abso-
, lute misery. What a picture does that wretched
; country now present ! A needy and perfidious
despot set up as its tyrant-7a Ministry whom
this Sovereign and the people equally despise
and distrust—a capital one half deserted—.
the provinces every thing but in open in-
surrection—the high roads overrun with ban-
ditti —the prisons deluged with victims--
all the fortresses in the hands of foreign sol.
diers—the treasury of the country without
a piastre, and its credit bankrupt throughout
Europe. Such is the glorious consummation pro.
duced by the recent invasion—such the blessings
entailed on Spain by the overthrow of constitu
tional liberty and the forced return of absolute
power ! Irujo's miserable Ministry have done
nothing: in fact, with such a head, however well
disposed, what could they do ? The presence of
Ferdinand would neutralize the best intentions.
Like the touch of the torpedo, that is said to
paralyze the strength of those that come within its
influence, the tyrant's contact would benumb the
energies of the most virtuous Ministry that
could be selected through Spain. Casa Irujo's
influence, and that of his colleagues, however,
lasted but a day : all the Ministers are said to
have been dismissed at nine o'clock, on the even-
ing of the 21st ult.; but, an hour after, the ca-
price of the tyrants changed, and they were suf-
fered for the moment to resume their situations.
Caligula, to .disgrace the republican office of
Consul,, as he hoped, for ever, advanced his horse
to that dignity, and ordered him to be fed with

gilded oats. The Spanish tyrant selects as his
Ministers the most corrupt and inefficient among
the crowd of retainers now in Madrid ; and
after he has thoroughly disgraced the office by
the selection, he then discards them at a moment's
notice. All accounts represent the state of the
country as most dangerous and alarming : armed
bands swarm in almost every province, and defy
the Royal authority ; through the different cities
the fanatic rabble alone rule supreme, and over-
awe the local authorities; repeated orders, at
the suggestion of the French Minister, had been,
it is said, sent to Toledo, Cuenca, and other
places, to set at liberty all persons imprisoned
without just reason ; but the rabble opposed the
mandates, and menaced vengeance to all who
opposed their fanaticism. No amnesty had yet
appeared, and it was so long delayed, that the
opinion through Spain appeared to be that no such
decree would be promulgated. It is said, how-
ever, that after a long discussion, the plan of the
amnesty was at length agreed to, with numerous
exceptions, and sent on the 17th to the French
Government at Paris for its sanction. A rumour
has been in circulation of an extensive conspiracy
having been discovered in Lisbon, at the head of
which were the Queen (Ferdinand's sister) and her
worthy son,Don Miguel. The object of it is stated to
have been to depose the vicillating Don John,
and render absolute tyranny supreme and uni-
versal. Three of the Portuguese Ministers are
said to have been implicated ; and orders, it is
added, were given for the Queen's arrest, and
that of several others deeply committed. This,
however, as yet, is mere rumour, and wants con-
firmation altogether. The very report, however,
sheens most clearly the present state of things in
Lisbon, and what the restoration of Royal
tyranny has also effected there.

SECONDARIES' OFFICE, COLEMAN-STREET, JAN. 3,

COUNTRY MARKETS AND FAIRS-

DURING THE LAST WEBK.

LIVItftPOOI. CORN EXCHANGE, Dec. 30.
We are still without those extensive supplies we were ac-
customed to receive from Ireland at this period of the year;
what may be the reason time only can develope. Speculators
have withdrawn in consequence. The transactions of the
week have been confined to the Flour trade of the town, ex-
cept for one or two parcels of the finest Irish Wheat, for ex-
port to the northern parts of Ireland. We do not, at this sea-
son look for throng markets; festivities, and the winding up
people's affairs, engross too much of their attention. To-
day's market was nearly deserted by country dealers. The
only alteration we have to notice in Wheat is an advancement
of 3d. per bushel on the finest qualities of Irish, and a de-
pression id. per bushel on New Irish Oats, Every thing else
in the trade, although dull of sale, supports our last cur-
rency.
Wheat, Enghsh,Old . Ps 9d a 101 Gd per 701bs.
New Bs Od a 9s Gd
Ditto sound Os Od a Os Od
Scotch, Old
Canada (free) Bs 6d a 9s 6d
Irish, Old
New 72 3d a 8s Od
Barley, English, Old
Now Ss 3d a Ss 6d
Irish, Old
New 4s 8d a 4s 10d
Scotch, Old Os Od a Os Od
New
Oats, Potato, Old 3s Sd a 3s Sd
New
Limerick, Old . Os 04 a Os Od
New .... 3s 6d a Ss 7d
Welsh, Potato, Old Os 6d a 3s sd
Malt, Fin,. Ss 9d a 9s Od per 36qts.
Ditto, middling. ... 7s Sri a Ss 3d
Beans, Old
New —s Od a —lod
Superfine Flour, Old
New 44s Od a 474 Od
Oatmeal, Old ' sss Od a 32s Od
New
American Flour, sweet, (in bond) —s Oil a —s Od per barrel
of 1961b5. net.—Sour, (out of bond), —s a —s.
Import of Grain for the Week ending Dec. 29.
Wheat. Barley. I Oats. Flour, Sacks Irish,
Bush. 70!h Bush. 601 b 1 Bush. 451 b For. Brls per 2401 b
5,990 1,530 I 53,650 -- 115'2

CH
Wheat, 751 b lOs Od a Os Od
- New Ps Gd a 9s 9d
Oats

NANT
Wheat, 751 b $ 9d a 9s od
-- New 7s od a Ss Gd
13arley, 38qts 4s Oel a Gs od

STICK.

Mits Os Od a Os Od
------ New 5s 9d a 61 0,1
Os Od a Os Od

'WICH.
Oats, 45Ibs . Os Od a Os Od
-- New 3a 3d a as gd
Rye Os Od a Os Od
RBURY.

CASTE
117 heat Brown 56s a 60s
New 46s a 60s
—....—. White
—....—. New 6os a 64s
Rye
Barley
New 4B: a 346
Oats

Beans
Ticks ... ---s a —s
Hog Pease
Boiling Pease
Flour ..
Hay, per ton 9os a )00s
Clover
Straw
,STONE.

MAID:

Wheat, Red
-

43s a 655
468 a 60!

Beans, Tick ......
•............. Stnaii

29% a 32s

Barley
Oats

-•• • -
Pease, Grey 9s a 34530 s a 36s
----

313 s
:'rice of Oil Cake at the Mills in this Neighbourhood, 141 101
per Thousand.
Rape Cape 105 s. per Ton, or 61. per Thousand.

TENTEftDVV.

Wheat, Red 405 a —s
—s a 565
ISs a 2ls
Oats

Beans ..
I'ease, White --s a 24s
Grey A 2s

Wheat..
Rye .
...
Barley.

CAMBRIDGE,
55A 5d per qr
—a Od
3•L's 8d

—Areiage.
Oats
Peas . 22s 2d
Beans Sls 2d

'eat .. • 30s Od 3Zs 1,171
Barley ~ , . `-'Bs 0d a 32s od

whtnt
...... 53s 3d per qr
Barley ...... 31s Od
Rye
...... .. —s Od
