;n home parts of the Canary, could only say, that every I
aid which it teas possible for the counties in question to
receive ibm the military force at the disposal of dovtri-
Mott, they had received ; that every ouggestion of the
kcal Magistracy—every ant geWti calculated to stop the
cvii, had been adopted by ti elate Government, which
paid the *M it undivided attention to the case. Where
pertio locally interested-am-operated with GoVernmenho-;
*here the disposition',:towards. ttisturbande bed ben',
promptly met by thern,..ait was always suppretated, Ile
had seen intlividu
,unsupported, by any fOree, refuse to
sign papas guaranteeing a reduction of rents and tithes,
and he knew of no one,ease of personal violence having
been offered to such individuals, who were oniformly suc-
cessful in- their resistance to such lawless &Wilds, In
*Reims of this nature the rioters hid te46d, threatening
perhaps to return on a futorn 4y, hut they did not do so.
No doubt, if there WM not a sufficient niilitAry and local
force to supptrt Ilertions who acted 'Wu), anti repress dis-
tuttrance, Parliament would he at least as much in fault
as the late Government for having compelled Ministers to
adopt dangerous reductions.—(Hear, hear.)—He repeated
every thing which it was possible to do had been done in
the way of despatching detaelmrilts h' the military, and
Bending portions of the pollee of the metropolis (although
that sees a hotly intended for other purposes), to aid the
loeal fora Where the exigency called for such assistance.
Every species of civil, military, and legal assistance bad
been promptly given to the local Magistracy..(Bear.)
Mr. BARING was convinced that no person could have
attended to the duties of his office more assiduously than
did the Right Hon. Baronet; but giVing the Eight Hon.
Gentleman every credit for a desire to restore the public
quiet, still he must say ho was of opininn that the dis-
turbancei might have been put down at once by prompt
measures; that when mnre confined and limited than, un-
happily, they now were, the disorders might have been
crushed MIA prevented from extending. He (*Oared that if
the disorders went on for three ar tour days longer, they
would extend beyond the 1144 of almost any power to
suppress. them. Thit was his opinion; if there was. not
ftwen in the totlntty to put down the disturbances, when
thefc't.'4, existed in one county, what chance should we
l'ave of suppressing them when they extended, as they
soon, might, over a doten counties ? If theta w4ll not
ellificient force to t•epress these dieorders, it was the duty
of Gevetattnent to provide it. But he did not mean to say
that there was really any deficiency of force to effect this
object; on the contrary, he was of opinion that with a
little more vigour at first, and a better application of the
force which we possessed, Government might have pre-
vented the evil from spreading as it had.
Sir 11. PEEL ventured to say, that if a proposal had
been made by Government last year to increase the mili-
tary fbree of the country, in anticipation of disturbances
such as now existed,--he ventured to say that the propo-
sal would not have met the approbation of the Hon. Gen-
' tletnan. The lion. Member had said the disorders might
still be put down, and in this sentiment he quite agreed
with the Hon. Gentleman.--(Heer.)—lndeed be saw no
reason for apprehension.—(llear, bear.)—lle thought
that, even, without reference to a military force, the fact
of every roan that was menaced hdrig, as was doubtless
'the case, prepared to right in defence of his property—
(llear)—was sufficient without such an effort. If aggres-
sions were met by a pusillanimous compliance, no military
force would syffice to put down the disturbances. Every
man who had landed property had dependents more or ices
numerous—let him arm them, and they would repel all
aggression, A ease had occurred in which this was done,
and IN men put down a riot. Let other, follow the
example, and refuse to make concessions to tumultuous
violence, and be would assure the Hon. Gentleman that
there existed a military force sufficient (when thus aided)
to put down the diatuthancee.—(Hear.)—But without
that, all the military and civil force that could be brought
to act-011 the efforts of a Secretary of State—were as
nothing. Indeed, it would be a perilous state of things if
every thing depended upon the energy and sagacity of an
individual sitting in on office at Whitehall. It would be
impossible far a Secretary of State, or any other func-
tionary, to art with advantage in such cases, unaided by
the suggestions of the local Magistracy.
Leave of absence was given to Mr. Dermas, and ti e
conversation dropped.
Petitions against negro slavery were presnted from a
place in Gloucestershire by Lord flossaLt., and from Chester
by Lord MILGRAVIE.
DUCHY OF LANCASTER.

colonel DAVIES *wired his Hon. Friend opposite (Mr.
S. R►ce) he felt no hostility towards him, or the newly
appointed members Of his Majesty', Government generally.
At the sarnetime he must say, he had seen with feelings of
the utmost surprise and concern the announcetuent of the
appointment made to the office of Chancellor of the Duchy
of Lancaster. Ile said it was with surprise he saw Go-
vernment filling up this place, more particularly after what
fell from the present Lord Chancellor the other night in
the debate on the Civil List. If Government persisted in
its present line of conduct with respect to the Duchy, and
dill not themselves take the matter up, he should consider
it h:lr duty to bring the Cul ject of the Duchy of Lancaster
before the House immediately after the recess.
Adjourned at a Quarter past Six.
