-.indelible stain upon the character and sense of•themation,'Bir-
rningham, .Manchester, Leeds;; tied Halifax, containing Moocher
population of more than 400,tin0 persons, and other-large and
populous towns and districts, the seats of industry, intelligence,
sourcapital, are wholly excluded from their joist and constitu-
tional share in the Legislature, having no choice whatever in the:
election of Representatives.
That Middlesex and Lancashire, containing a popUlation.
"
of nearly two millions and a quarter, return only 22'310:Iberia;
including the County .and London Members.
" That in many of the large Cities and Towns a. very smelt
• number of the resident householders have any share.in.the
does most of the voters being non-resident.
" At' Liverpool, for instance, -where thespopidation consists
•-•of nearly 119,000 persons, thavotersalo not amoant to 1,000 ;
and two-thirds of those are non,resident, • while opulent and
respectable householderomeither have nor can obtain. the tight
Of voting.
"',Chat at other Places the election is confined to close Cor-'
potations, composed of a few self-elected individuals. At the
• city of Bath, containing with its suburbs a population of 53,000,
the inhabitants-have no voice whatever in the choice of- Mem.
bera—the two Memberi being returned by a close seelected
Dian-
Corporation, etineisting of 83 pet sons only ; and at
botough, conteinitiastipwerds of 3,000 inhabitants, the Mem-
bers are chosen in like manner by a close Corporation of twenty,
burgesses, recently vedaced to only five voters.
"')drat your Petitioners have judged it proper thus to point
AC few instances of glaring inequality,: but yowl • H
ble House must be . aware, that there are a great many similar
„instances which ebuld not be enumeratedin the spa e -of a t
Pe-
tition ; and that instances of bribery, perjury,andcorrup in-
' fluence pervade the whole system, poisoning the morals-of the
people, and threatening the subversion of the Constitution.
That it is notoriously known that seats are sold at enor-
mously high prices ; and , your Petitioners submit, that it is
against all experience and - credibility to suppose, that those
who thus obtain their seats in your Honourable House will not
indemnify themselves by ohamefully bartering the Interests of
the public for their awn emolument.
That, further to show the progress of corrupt influence,
your Petitioners beg to state, that the number of Statutes found
necessary 40-preserve the freedom and indewndence of faits-
nient, to regulate elections, and to preient hatids, bribery; &c.
down to the Revolution of 161 W, amounted only:to fourteen ;
those passed from that time to the death of Geo:II. were thirty.
tive ; and those passed during the reign of Gee. 111. were forty-
one ; making together ninety Statutes.
" That your Petitioners conceive, that if the present dis.
stresses and embarrassments of the country, the disregard
• which has year after. year been shown to the Petitions of the
People, and the ,majorities which have appeared devoted to
the Ministers, in sepport of measures hostile to their rights
.IM4 ionlests, and against the 'declared sense of the Nation,
were not of themselves sufficient evidence of the inadequacy of
the Representation, the foregoing facts cannot fail to produce
-conviction of its utter inefficacy to correct abuses, and to secure
the .'People against.the encroachments of Power.
`+ That although your Petitioners cannot expect that a reform-
ed Parliament could immediately remove evils so deeply rooted,
they feel confident that, as the want of this salutary and con
tetional contronl over the Ministers of the Crown has been the
great source of national evil, a Parliament fairly ebusenewhich
shall represent the feelings, opinions, and interests of the Na-
tion at large, would gradually remove their grievances, and
reconaile•the People to such burthens and privations as may be
unavoidable.
"Your Petitioners call to the recollection of your lion. House,
that in this mixed Government of King, Lords, and Commons,
the Representative Body forms an essential and fundamen.
JAI part of the British Constitution,—that it is the only safe-
.guard of the people against arbitrary power—the great bulwark
by which the life, the liberty, and the property of the subject
• can alone be protected,--that, in the wards of-that great States-
man Lord Somers, s the House of Commons, is the great in-
• .quest of the whole kingdom to search into all the oppressions
of the King's Ministers'—that, in the language of not less au-
.thority, that of Mr. Locke, the Supreme Executor acts con-
trary tc, his trust, when he either employs the force, treasure,
or offices of the society to corrupt the Representatives, and to gain
• them to his purposes, or openly pre-en•gagea the electors and
;prescribes to their choice : what IS it but to cut the Govern-
., merit up by its roots, and poison the very fountnin of public se.
eority And they may also quote the memorable words of Lord
, • Camden Taxation anti Representation are inseparably
united : no British Parliament can separate them ; to codes-
. Four to do it is to stab our vitals. Taxation and Representa-
tion are inseparable : this position is founded upon the laws
•of nature, for whatever is a man's own is absolutely his own :
•tto east has a right to take it from him without his own con-
sent, either expressed by himself or,his Representative. Who-
aerer, atterrepta it, attempts an injury ; whoever does it, cam-
. .mitt a robbery : he throws down the distinction between
liberty and slavery. Taxation and Representation are coeval
with. and ussOlllitii to, the Constitution.'
1!,70,11. Petitioners disclaim all visionary and impracticeible
-projects of Reform. They are desirous of seeing the Execu.:
aive Government guarded by all its constitutional prerogatives;
they are deeirous of preserving to the Hereditary Branch all its
.just privileges; but they are also desirous of seeing the Re.
presentative Body placed upon its true basis, and rendered the
,real and eflicient R.epresentation of the People.
" Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray, That your Ho.
nourtible Ilouse will take all these facts and circumstances Into
.your serious consideration ;—that you will cause immediately
ell practicable reductions to be made in the public expenditure
And adopt ouch measures as may effectually restore to the
Teeple their just share in the Legislature, by a full, fair, and
Ipso Representation in Parliament."
The, Members of the City were then instructed to suppOrt
Alio Petition in the Reuse of Commons ; thanks were voted to
'Oa Lord :Mayor, and the Court adjourned.

ISOMERSETSIIIRE MEETING.

REFORM.
Ott Tuesday the Freeholders of the County oh
;Somerset asSembled „at Wells, .pursuant to the second Requisi-
lion, to take into consideration the propriety of Petitioning the
-Legislature for Reform of the,Commons House of Parlilt-
nent. The UNDER-SHE trr having read the requisition,
M. SA roan, sen. presented himself to the Meeting. The
queetton which they haul to discuss was of the most vital and too.
aictous character; he however should not have had to address
• 'them so prontinently, but for the absence of Mreklore Langton.
..:,With respect to their difficulties, he would not blink the
question. Previously to 17112, before we entered into that cruel
war, this country was happy and prosperous r then we fished in
troubled waters; in fact, we combated against the liberties of
,Ininekind, lie thought the America. war might have taught u,
enough of the consequences of :euelt contests. The Earl of
Chatham had declared " No. representation, no taxation.;" and
those words were proclaimed throughout America. The cense-
utiices were such es noteo be combated by.arms. France sent
Payette to aid in giving liberty to Atnenea, and he returned
.fe France, and !again assisted in promoting the cause of free-
dein, 'This cent ntry had expended millions of money, anti oceans
of 1404 in resisting the great sentiment embodied in the lan-'
.guago of Lord Chatham ; failure had attended the effortiteand
erelit was now the result to this country. It gave his heart
great gratification to behold this Reform Meeting in Somerset-
'raiire ; and he should propose that they follow the example set
',by the York Meeting, by adopting the resolutions agreed to
at that Meeting.—{" Follow no examples here," exclaimed
air. liunt.)—To adopt those.Reeolutions was, he. thought, a
`duty they owed to Mr. Fawkes, who had occupied so considera-
e a portion of hitelife in
,promoting Refoene—fle wanted to
preserve their property ;
,he required no confusion'; he only
wielied for the Constitution of .1653.—(" That was all hum-
Ileug," exclaimed Mr. liunt..)—Since William the Conqueror
ter a- had not been experienced Much misery. Why were
they to have O. P. rents only-? They wanted *low taxes.--
of ".Yes, .and low rents.")--Ilaving again urged the
-roue of unanimity, observing, that to secure it even Mr.
Wooler, at York, had not differed front the Resolutions there
zroved ; Mr. S. concluded with moving the six Resolutions
adopted at the York Meeting.
Dr. BLAKE seconded the resolutions. The' conduct of va-
• rious administretions had induced him to support the cause of
Reform. The long
,protracted warfare against America and
Prance, undertaken
~(perticularly in the latter instance) in de-
' fiance d the just principles of nations, displayed a system of
government that required correction.
• Dr. fi." t.ISG LAKE said, that it was with unfeigned pleasure he
met them on this great oceasion, when they had to consider
;a3 iropertent a subject as ever agitated the political feelings
of ttl' country; it was nothing less than to support the
eeemeertttic privileges of the people. The regal privileges,
..kill. those of the Aristocracy, exsi'sted, but where were.
`the democratic PrivilegeS? Where were the franchi-es of the
veer-kJ.? Had they net been purloined ? had they nOt been
eetinic in the Aristocracy ? The people were looked eo as the
supra of power and industry ; and were they to be, deprived of
ttit poiver, and of due eminent' over the fruits of their in-
dusiry ?- And for what were they to be so deprived ? .Ile
would riot advert to' the dark periods of the history of our
representation, all as to what was celled the Constitution of
' be was afraid of examining it too closely. The- bo-
roughs which thee existed had been bought up, and such was
the state of the representation, that they could not declare more
than 171 Dhinbers to be returnable, ini.lepentlen t- of bototigh-
mongering infinence. Such a dreadful prepondwere erance ha
produced Calatnittats coneequenece thousands there d
-
by unable to live in laziness luxury, independent
of any popular controul. The American war had cost the
-.country a hundred millions ; bat the second war cast the cow:-

fry a thousand millions ; and how then could it be surprising
that such calamities every where suryounded them ? It was
time to look about them ; and sure as effect followed came, the
country would be involved in 'complete ruin, except a remedy
were provided. Thataemedv .was, that the people should take
their democratic station in ;the Constitution; that the porse-
strins of the people should be 'kept close; and 'that there
should he.wreal watchfiiiness over 'the interests of all Classes.
The Resolutiong,baving been Why the MO Sheriff,
Mr. Iluarr appeared, for the purpose of inning au impend-
ment. Mr. Sandford had surprised him by the propositions
which were submitted to the Meeting ; they, forsooth, were
called upon to adopt the &i-end of What was agreed to at the
York Meeting. Ile thought there , was not a man or woman
amongst them, not oneSoinersetshire heart, that would not
reject such proposition.--(Cries of " Yes, yee.")—Would they
be dictated to by Mr. Fawkes ?_(Cries of " No, no.")—Well,
then, not one word more. as necessary on that point.—(Some
laughter.)—Why were they to have a brace of Doctors to assist
the suffering land-oWners ? One of them might have been better
engaged in physicking their late Member. (A laugh.) One of the
Doctors had prescribed a draught for the. Ministers, but it was
only an emollient ; the other had also provided a draught, but
that. was Tether of a drastic nature.—(l4aughing.)-11e did not
difFer from what had fallen from Dr. Kinglake : he would not
say that the worthy Doctor (who certainly had spoken to the
purpose) was a spy in the canip, or reconnoiteredlike a skilful
General. He, however, differed from Dr. Kinglakes conclu-
sion—the necessity of supporting the,Yorjeshire resolutions.—
They spoke of the suita.of the representation ; but was there a
beggar amongst them that was not fully acquainted with it
That Meeting would require to adopt something specific,—did
they not? Had they assembled there to sanction half measures
or whole measures ?—(Exclionations of "Whole Measures,")
—And that-was his object. Ile concluded with moving the
following Petition :
The Petition of the Freeholders: and other Inhabitants of the
County of. Somerset, sheweth,
That your Petitioners have for . a great number of years
contributed large sums of money annually towards defraying
the expences of long and bloody wars, and for the support of
a system of Government, which they were taught to believe by
the public Press, by the Parliament, and by the great landed
and monied Proprietors of the Country, were absolutely ne-
cessary fur the protection of the Throne, and for die safety,
happinesseand welfare of the.people of England.--Your Peti-
tioners now lament to find that theirsonlidence was grossly
abused, that they have been. deceived, 'duped, and cajoled by
the above named parties, who conspired together to oppress
and. plunder. your Petitioners, to carry on wicked, unjust, and
unnecessary wars, entered into and continued, your Petition-
ers to their sorrow now find, solely for the purpose of,, up-
holding and perpetuatinp; a corrupt ,;,fate of Representatio in
the Commons.Bouse of Parliament.
Your Petitioners now plainly see that the cause of all this
wanton, wicked, cruel, and unprincipled sacrifice of the
oceans of blood which were so unfeelingly spilled ; that the
profligate waste of the wealth and prosperity of the nation,
which were wrung from the earnings of a suffering, patient,
and confiding, people, and which were so lavishly squander-
ed away, that all the low, and cruel past suffenngs of the
manufacturing and labouring part of the community; and
that all the present insupportable sufferings of your Petitioners
have their origin, and are solely to be attributed to the want of
a fair, a free, and an equal representation of the people in the
Commons House of Parliament.
Your Petitioners now very plainly perceive that. the seats in
Parliament have all along been filled with relatives, the hangers-
on, and dependents, of certain great aristocratical families, by
means of borough and other corrupt influence ; which persons,
having no interest or feeling in common with the people, have
contrived, by their packed and corrupt majorities in Parlia-
ment, to appropriate all the crown and church lands, the on,
doubted property of the public, amongst themselves, and by
the same corrupt and Unjust means theyhave,contrived to ob-
tain large grants of the public Money, arising from the sweat
of the industrious labourer's brow, which they have atintially
divided and apportioned among themselves in pensions, sine-
cures, and pay, for useless and unnecessary places.
Your Petitioners therefore most earnestly and most confi-
dently pray that your Honourable House will forthwith pass
an Act to. ensure such an immediate and complete Reform in
the Commons house of Parliament as Will give to every
,
Englishman, Scotclunan, and Irishman, a vote for the Repre-
sentatives, who are to sit there ; and your Petitioners further
pray, that to enable every man to give his vote honestly and
conscientiously, that they may be protected by the ballot ;
these your Petitioners firmly believe, are the only safe and
effectual remedies for their present sufferings, and that with-
out these your Petitioners can hope for no security in fliture
for their lives, their liberties, or their property. When such
a reform is effected, your Petitioners will have full confidence
that such freely, equitably, and conscientiously chosen Parlia-
ment will, without loss of time, adopt such measures in Church
and State as will secure the future freedom and. happiness of
the People,- and the safety and honour of the Throne, and the
peace and prosperity of the Country.
And your Petitioners further pray your Honourable House
to take into your serious consideration, and attend to the
prayer of, those numerous Petitions which were
_presented to
your Honourable House in the year .1817, praying for Reform;
which Petitions, although signed by upwards of one million
and a half of 'Englishmen, were totally disregarded, and thrown
under the table of your Honourable House. And your Retie
tioners will ever pray, &c.
The Rev. 11. CUESSWEiL seconded the amendment. Ile.
trusted that Reform would be,peacefully accomplished, but if
a storm arose be should be found at hand.
The Rev. Mr. TilustAs said he was an advocate for Reform,
and of the subject of Tithes.—lt might be extraordinary doe-
trine for a Clergyman to hold—he was favourable to a commu-
tation of them. By such commutation the Clergyineu and
Their parishioners would be at peace.—( Hear, hear!)
Mr. SANFORD, sen. begged leave to say a few wordsin ex-
planation. Two years ago, when about to quit this country for
the Continent, in the hope of benefiting his health, had pre-
viously called on Mr. Hunt, then confined in Ilchester gaol.—
He afterwards called on Sir Chas. Bampfylde and Sir Francis
Burdett.; and he repeated to them what 11:1r. limit had said to
him—that he had no complaint to make. —([l ear, hear !)--That
was Mr. Hunt's statement at that time.--(Mr. Hunt made signs
-el dissent, and some.,confusion ensued in the meeting.)
Mr. Iluror also endeavoured :to explain, but the uproarin-
creased, in consequence. of a heavy shower, and of the indispo-
sition of the Meeting to hear any further speaking. Mr. 11.
Was understood to admit that what had fallen from Mr. S. was
partly true, but that it was mingled with what was not correct..
The Ilion eitIFF then put the Amendment, and after-
wards declared Mr. Hunt's Petition to have been carried by a
considerable fnajority.—The Meeting was dissolved at Four
f o'clock.
,tt wiessalwasweenwsisemeasames
