with the consideration of this case on Monday.—
Adjourned till Manday.

tOMIVfO.—(LAST NIGHT.)
On the .:Sirttittraltr,'''tskirig the Chair the House
wsereturimorfeil to the House of Lords, to hear the
Risyrd'Aiitistit given try COMmission to several Bills.
(For which see Lords report.)
Mr. HUMP. presented a petition from the Ma-
gistrates of Dumbarton, recommending that all Com-
mittees on private Bills should be appointed by
ballot. The Hon. Member warmly supported the
prayer of the petition.
After a few observations from Sir It. PErt., Mr.
W. Surritpand others, the petition was brought up
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME said, that seeing the Solicitor-Gene-
ral in his place, he wished to ask him a question re-
luting to returns that had been made to the Howe
of all prosecutions for libel, either by ex-officio
or ,by indictment, that had been conducted at
the instance of the 'Treasury, during the reigns of
their late Majesties George the Third and Fourth.
That return was signed George Maul°, and he
(Mr. Hume) was informed was extremely incorrect.
Nothing could be more injurious than incorrect re-
turns. The prosecutions of Mr. Perry, Mr. Hunt,
and Penning, were not included ; he thought some
explanation ought to be given ;- as the return now
stood, it was extremely unsatisfactory.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL had certainly
seen the return to which the Hon. Member alluded
to, hut he had not read it. It was, however, signed
by Mr. 'Maule,and he was confident that gentle-
man wits utterly incapable of wilfully making
a false return. Perhaps the form of the motion
might have misled Mr. Mettle, for it was hardly pos-
sible the well-known cases to which the Hon. Mem-
ber bad alluded could have been omitted. lie
would however make inquiry on the subject.
Mr. HUME presented a petition filim Thomas
Flanagan, Esq. praying for an alteration in the laws
regulating corporations in Ireland.
Sir It. INGLIS opposed the motion for printing
the petition.
'Die gallery was cleared for a division, but we
understood no division took place, and the petition
MS brought up and ordered to be printed.
FORGE:BY PUNISHMENT BILL
Sir R. PEEL, in consequence of the absence of
an lion. Member, who took a part in the debate on
the Bill, should move to postpone the consideration
of their Lordships' amendments to the Bill to Mon-
day. The Right lion. Gentleman made the motion,
which was agreed to.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE presented a petition from
Brighton for the abolition of slavery in the West In-
dies. He hoped the question would be generally
taken up on the broad ground of slavery being
against the law and Constitution of this country. If
Parliament did not interfere to give the negroes
their legal rights, he thought that they would be jus-
tified in having recourse to force.
Mr. 11. TWISS said the state of slavery was re-
cognised by English law, If the slaves were to act
on the opinions of the Hon. Gentleman, it would
throw not only all rights of property, but all other
rights in the West Indies, into inexplicable confusion.
Mr. W. SMITH said, no doubt the law now re-
cognised slavery ; but when Colonel Hawkins asked
Queen Elizabeth's permission to take Africans to
the colonies, she said, " if the Africans were taken
to the colonies against their consent, it would be
detestable in the sight of God and man; and would
bring down the vengeance of Heaven on the per-
petrators of the crime." He thought, from the dis-
tress now prevalent in the West Indies, this pro-
phecy was in a course of fulfilment. lie was con-
fident, if we wanted to destroy the West Indies,
we could not do it more effectually than by leaving
them to the consequence of their own system of in-
justice, cruelty, and blood,—(Hear, bear.)
Sir G. MURRAY felt convinced in his own
mind that slavery could only have its origin in cruelty.
its only excuse was when barbarous nations, hi a
state, of war, made slaves of their prisoners, instead
of putting them to death; but that civilized coun-
tries should make slaves of uncivilized people for
gain, was not to be tolerated. Every thing should
be done to ameliorate the condition of those now in
a state of slavery, but every expression should be
avoided that could have the effect of inflaming the
minds of the unhappy sufferers.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE said the right of resist-
ance to oppression was the natural right of every
human being. When protection was refined, alle-
giance was dissolved. He was atisious to prevent
such an appeal, and, therefore, blued to warn the
slave owners of the danger they incurred. The Hon.
Gentleman presented similar petitions from Castle
Dorrington and Loughborough.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from certain
persons in ttye, complaining of the decision of the
Rya Election Committee.
Mr. HUME hoped-there was no truth in the re-
port that the Treasury money had been given in
support of the present petition.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE had heard the same re-
port,and he lipped the Government would disavow it.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, in a roost indignant tone, be would not answer
such a charge. If the Hon. Gentleman had a charge
to make let him bring it forward in a proper manner,
and it should be answered.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE did not make a charge;
but as there was such a report he thought the Go-
vernment ought to be obliged to the Hon. Gentle-
man who asked the question.
Mr. HUME said a great deal of virtuous
indig-
nation had been thrown away by the Right lion.
Gentleman—he had occasion to believe that Govern-
meet money had been advanced in support of the
object of the petition.-
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, if the Hon. Gentlemen bad reason to believe
that Government had been guilty of bribery and
corruption, the dereliction of duty was his in not
bringing the subject before the House.
Mr. HUME did not charge bribery and corrup-
tion—the money might be advanced for expenses.
Mr. S. RICE brought tip the report of the Com-
mittee on the state of the poor in lreland,--Ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. Ids,BOUCHERE hoped the °overtime,

would have no objection to jive a pledge thut the
Bill for the Oovertimunt of Canada would be brought
forward early next session.
Sir C 3. MURRAY was quite aware of the im.
rotaries of the measure, and would press it at the
earliest opportunity.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved that an order for printing returns respecting
the Scotch distilleries be discharged. The printing
would cost 1504—The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF BEER BILL

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved that the Lords' Amendment in the Sale of
Beer Bill be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to .without any ob.
Nervation.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
brought up the tenth report of the Commissioners
for building churches.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUME asked was there any objection to
make a return of the number of Admirals and Ge-
neral Officers in the army, with the amount of rate
of pey end allowances appointed between 1.792
Re heard it was the intention to make a
large addition to the preheat very great number of
those Acetic.
The CliAlieftLLOtt of the EXCHEQUER
said there was no objection to the motion.
Mr. BMW, mode the inotion, which was agreed
tu, and the return ordered,
The House ud,ieurnett to Monday.

itOuse OP COMMONS.
Ncynct Of MOTION, Ant ORDIta 0* TIM 114 Y, virtu:if
sTANn $)1 Tlit Olitaft,lloolC IfOlt 'MK Intimtltfa yiKftx.
Omen oti Toe 0tv......k.m0ty, JULY he.
Forgerfei runiehment MU—Lents Arnentititent* to be
worms or kffrioti,
Mr. Fysho I+Airaet,ublit rttrulete the mode of aointitv
the High Sheriff' in 1;n laud and Wales anti to dirniiiial
the Expenses attt.nfling the eieeution of each Mee,
