pledged to give example as well as precept.—(A laugh.)
He had another object, which was to touch upon a new
question, that was to show that immediate emancipation
would be better gradual if accompanied with compensa-
tion. He would not trouble the House with many argu-
ments on the general question. It had been admitted that
the present system was bad and must be changed, and the
question was one only of time. He was prepared to con •
tend, that a system of free labour, conjoined with a
s aatid system of education, would so develop the now
dormant moral and intellectual faculties of the negro as
to fit him for all the political and social relations of
their common nature. But then it was said, that if y"u
emalcipated them from their present thraldom they
would rot in laziness, and there would he no sugar pro-
duced. Did not the cultivation of sugar in our East In-
dian colonies, under a free labour system, prove the enor-
mous absurdity of this assertion? It had been said alse
that if we emancipated the slaves in our colonies, the result
would he, stimulating the slave trade in the colonies of
those foreign states which refused to imitate our policy.
The remedy was obvious, it only required a courageous
Ministry to apply it. Let trading in slaves be declared
piracy, no matter where or by whom practised, and there
would soon be an end to the barbarous practice. The
Hon. Gentleman concluded with moving, as an amend-
ment--" 1. Teat every slave in his Majesty's dothinions
has an indefeasible right ta emancipation without delay,
and without prizT. 2. That, from and after the 214 of
Au,;ust, 1534, the anniversary of his present Maje-ty's
birthday, slavery shall cease to exist in every part of the
British empire. 3. That immediate measures be tak-n
to ascertain the actual amount of pecuniary loss that may
be sustained by the owners of colonial estates from the
sularitution of free labour for slave labour in their several
plantations; and to determine to what extent the national
funds should be appropriated to compensate all those by
whom such pecuniary loss may be actually sustained. 4.
That an adequate supply of a preventive police, an inde
pendent and impartial magistracy, and a body of teachers
for infant and adult schools, be sent out from the mother
country to all the colonies in which slavery is to be abo-
lished : the expense to be borne out of the funds hitherto
appropriated to the support of our military establishments
in those parrs, which, on the entire abolition of slavery,
may be extensively and safely reduced."
Colonel DAVIES was an advocate for the immediate
abolition of negro slavery, but could not shut his eyes to
the great danger and difficulty pf hastily adopting such a
resolution as that just proposed by Mr. Bueltingham•
The blood and misery which followed the precipitate
measures of the National Convention in St. Domingo
should be a warning to th.an to emancipate a being cur-
mounded by the circumstances of the negro before he had
gone through such a probation as would fit him for a state
of entire and irresponsible freedom. He, however, did
not thereby yield his unqualified sanction to the proposi•
titans of Ministers. He conceived many of the objections
of Lord Howick to their adoption to be unanswerable, and
lie particularly objected to the proposed increase of the
duty on sugar. It was admitted on all bands that the
West India interest required relief, and experience had
shown'that consumption was diminished as price—duty,
was increased; therefore to increase the duty on sugar
would injure the West India interest still further by dimi-
nishing the consumption. It would be much more politic
and beneficial to increase the consumption by diminishing
the duty.

Mr O'CONNELL moved that the debate be then (one
o'clock) a journed till Monday next.—Agreed to.
Aojourned at a quarter past one o'clock.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

At the Court at St. James's, the ``9th day of May, 1833.
P It ES S NT,
The King's Most Excellent Majesty in Council.
This day the Hight Hon. William Henry Lyttleton Lord
Lyttleton was, by his Majesty's command, sworn Lord-Lieute-
nant of the county of Worcester. WM. L. BATH U RsT.

ST. JAMES'S-PALACE, APRIL, 3, 1333.
The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of
Knighthood upon James Stirling, Esq. ; Captain in the !loyal
Navy, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the settlements in
Western Australia.

CROWN-OFFICE, MAY 31

MEMBERS RETURNED TO SERVE I THIS PRESENT PARLIAMENT,

Boanuai or TIVERTGN.—James Kennedy, of Lincoln's Inn,
in the county of Middlesex, Esq.
BOROUGH or STROUD.—George Poulett Scrope, Esq., in the
room of David Ricardo, Esq., who has accepted the Chiltern
Hundreds.

WHITEHALL, MAY 21.
The Lord Chancellor has appointed George Bolton, of Bishops
Strotford, in the county of Hertford, Gent., Lo be a Master Ex-
traonlinary in the High Court of Chancery.

WAR-OFFICE, May 31.
Royal Regiment of Horse Guards—Cornet R. H. R. Howard
Vyse to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Murray, appointed
to the 15th Light Dragoons, May 31 ; Cornet and Adjutant
A. T Monro to have the rank of Lieutenant, June I ; Lord A.
P. B. St. Maur to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Vyse, May Al.
7th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Lieut. the Hon. J. Jocelyn
to be Captain, by purchase, vice Lord Hopetoun, who retires ;
Cornet Dennis Daly to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Jo.'elyn ;
Albany Bourchier S..vile, Gentleman, to be Cornet, by purchase,
vice Daly, May 31.
Bth Light Dragoons—Cornet J. Reilly to be Adjutant, vice
Sir W. L. Young, who resigns the Adjutancy only, May 31.
I th Light Dragoons—Lieut. J. C. Baird to be Captain, by
purchase, vice Perceval, who retires ; Lieut. W. Murray, from
the Royal Regiment of iorse Guards, to be Lieutenant, by pur.
chase, vice Baird, May 31.
Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards—To be Lieutenants and
Captains, by purchase—Lieut. C. A. Windham, vice Burgoyne,
who retires ; Lieut. C. P. Wilbraham, vice Hobhouse, who re-
tires, April I. 'bo be Ensigns and Lieutenan's, by purchase—J.
Du Pre Viscount Alexander, vice \i‘ indham, May 31 ;
Gentleman Cadet the Hon. R. W. Lambert, from the Royal
Military College, vice Wilbraham, June I.
P2th Regiment of Foot—Lieut. Sterling Freeman Glover to be
Captain, by purchase, vice Barry, who retires; Ensign John
Spring to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Glover; Allen Dent,
Gentleman, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Spring, nay 31.
Pith Foot—Staff-Assistant-Surgeon Duncan Menzies to be As.
sistant-,urgeon, vice Giffney, deceased, May 31.
10th Foot—Ensign C. Sanders to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Thomas, who retires ; J. I). Simpson, Gent., to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Sanders, May 31.
26th Foot—J. W. Johnstone, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Price, who retires, May 31.
48th Foot—Assistant-Surgeon J. H. Sinclair, M.D., from the
86th Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice J. Mitchell, whose
appointment has not taken place, May 31.
55th Foot—Lieutenant W. S. Norton, from the 49th Foot, to
be Lieutenant, vice Fairfield, who has received a commuted
allowance ; H. L. D. Cuddy, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Greene, who retires, May 31.
60th Foot—t. aptain Charles Markham to be Major, by pur-
chase, vice Harrison, who retires; Lieutenant C. H. Church.
hill, to be Captain, by purchase, vice Markham ; Second Lieu-
tenant NVilliam Henry Fitzgerald to be First Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Churchill; R. T. Brandling, Gent., to be Second
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Fitzgerald, May 31.
68th Foot—Ensign G. 3PBeath to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Boucisette, who retires; J. M. Napier, Gent., to
be Ens gn, by purchase, vice APlteath, May 31.
75th Foot—Capt. T. W. Nesham, from the half-pay of the
Royal Waggon Train, to be Cap' ain, vice J. S. Keats, who ex-
changes, receiving the difference, May 31.
77th Foot—Ensign it. Macartncy, from the half-pay of the 50th
Foot, to be Ensign, vice Buckland, promoted in the Itoyal
African Corps, May 31.
80th Foot—Paymaster J. Grant, from the 56th Foot, to be
Paymaster, vice Leslie, June 1.
86th Foot—Staff-Assistant-Surgeon J. Mitchell, MD. to be
Assistant-Surgeon, vice Sinclair, appointed to the 48th Foot,
May 31.
Royal African Colonial Corps—Ensign Thomas Buckland,
from the 77th Regiment of Foot, to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Findlay, appointed Adjutant ; Thomas Similes,
Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Harcourt, who retires,
May 1; Lieut. A. Findlay to be Adjutai.t., May 22.

HOSPITAL STAFF.
To be Staff-Assistant.Surgeons—J. IL Taylor, Gent., vice
Menzies, appointed to the lath Foot ; A. M'&rigor, Gent., vice
Mitchell, appointed to the 86th Foot, May 31.

MEMORANDUM.
The exchange between Lieut. Thomas Walsh, Fort-Major of
Sheerness, and Lieut. Thomas Austin, Fort-Major of Duncan-
non-Fort, lately notified, has not taken place.

Commission in the Westmoreland Militia by his Majesty.
NV. Bennett, Gent., tobe Adjutant,vice Dent,deceased, April 17.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Suffolk.
E. B. Venn, Esq., to be Devity Lieutenant, May 21.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Durham.
G. Pemberton, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant, March 9.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Lincoln.
Royal South Lincolnshire Regiment of Militia.
The Viscount Alford to be Captain, May 29.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenantofthe County of Mid-Lothian.
Royal Mid-Lothian Yeomanry.
Sir J. S. Forbes, Bart., to be Captain, May i.
