THE ENTERPRISE STEAM VESSEL.

The following is an extract of a letter writtea
by a passenger in the Enterprise steam-vessel,
on her way to India, and dated Cape-town,
October 14 :

" We have at last reached the Cape in safety, and though
we have made a long voyage, the practicability of the thin.g.is
established, and I hope the experience that has been gamed
will in future obviate the nia,ny inconveniences and disadvan-
tages we have laboured under during this voyage of experi-
ment. In the first place, the engines are not large enough for
so heavy a vessel, for in the calmest weather •we were never
able to get more than eight knots -from her. Another mistake
seems to have been, the little regard paid to the importance of
the sailing department. and, 'certainly not the least, the ineffi-
ciency of the crew. We were particularly unfortunate in our,-
winds ; in fact, nobody could have anticipated such unifoim
bad luck : we have generally had to steam against heavy seas
and head winds, but even that could have been combatted
with, if we had had fuel enough. We ran short of it; were
obliged to steer westerly to get winds, and it was generally
agreed, that this circumstance lost us ten days at least. From
what I have seen. lam as sanguine- as ever in favour of the
undertaking, and I feel fully convinced that the voyage may ,
almost be rendered a certainty. The slavery of shipping coals,
and the inconvenience to anon board, can only be conceived by
those who have suffered from it; the dust was intolerable--you
might have mistaken us all, for Africans. I understand this
nuisance will be removed this next voyage. and that they intend
to establish several depots, 'and only fill the coal-boxea far.
ward, which will be sufficient for about fifteen days' comennp.
tion ; such a plan would enable them to carry a gbods dent ok,
cargo. The machinery is excellent, and has not been but` of
order during the voyage; the engines- did all that was expiet.
ed from them. We have steamed foeten days together, with.
out stopping for more than ten minutes a-day to oil the dif-
ferent parts of it,—which is, I believe, about three times as
long es • any other vessel would have done. The flues' of
the boiler were covered with a thick incrustation after haring .
steamed for any time, .which was always chipped off, wheniter
they stopped, to clear the engine thoroughly. From being
obliged to deviate from our -course, we put into St. Thomas :6o
as we required water. The Governer is a Porpaguese GenCral ; ,
he dined on board; and we paid him the respect of appearing ire'
our uniforms. We drank the King of, Portugal's health in!
three times three: he returned thanks, and proposed the health-,
of George the Fourth. By a private signal, he fired a royal
salute from the fort at the same instant : it had its effect, and
the King's health was never more loyally toasted.' "

NORTH AND. SOUTH AMERICAN

COFFEE HOUSE, DEC. 27.

Halifax Papers have been received of the 23d November
last.

---
LIVERPOOL, DEc. 25.—The wind during the whole of last
night and this day has blown a strong gale from N.N.W.—
Arrived the Minstrel, Garrett, from Buenos Ayres, sailed 10th
October; Richard, Bamber, from Demerara ; Commodore
Barry, Barry, from New Orleans in 40days; Emerald, Howes,
from Charleston ; Richard Sands, Owen, Richard Pope, Ma-
lony, and Admiral Benbow, Williams, from Quebec ; Sir H.
Douglas, from St. John's, N. 8.; James, Grove, from Riche-
bucto ; together with several coasters. The outward-bound
remain.
COWES, DEC. 26.—Wind W.—Arrived the Thalia, --,
English brig, from Yarmouth for Trieste, wind bound; Tonge
Nicholos, Peeters, Dutch galliot, from Antwerp for Liverpool,
ditto; Wilhelmina, Cordia, ditto, from Rotterdam for Belfast,
ditto ; Cumberland, Charles Morrill, American brig, from Am-
sterdam for New York, off Dunnose at 4 P-11.
HALIFAX, Nov. 23.—Arrived his Majesty's ship Orestes,
Captain Litchfield, from Miramichi ; brig William Penn,
Thompson, from New York nine days, sailed on Thursday ;
King Fisher packet, for Falmouth, sailed on Monday morn-
ing; his Majesty's ship Jupiter, Rear-Admiral Lake, Captain
Sir Virm. Wiseman ; Rifleman, Captain Webb ; Clinker,
Lieut. Gardiner; and Swiftsure, Tender, for Bermuda; his
Majesty's ship Tweed, Captain Hunn, and his Majesty's brig
Pelter, Lieut. Adams, for Portsmouth. Captain Canning and
the Officers of his Majesty's brig Sappho are passengers in the
Tweed, and the family of Rear-Amaral Lake passengers in the
Jupiter.
[FROM LLOYD'S.]

DEAL, DEc. 26.=-Wind W.N.W.—Arrived and sailed for
the River, the Quebec Packet, Atkinson, from Quebec; Thos.
Wallace, —, from ditto; Lord Melville, Robertson, from
ditto ' • William, —, from Miramichi; Nestor, of London ;
and Brothers, of Scarborough, from the westward. Arrived
from the River and sailed, the Clydesdale, Rose, for Madras ;
also, and remain, the Volunteer, of Cork ; Resolution, Parker.
for the Isle of France; Orinthia, Welsh, for Batavia; several
of the outward bound remain.
PonTsmowrii, DEC. 26.--Wind N.W.—Arrived from
the Downs, the Governor Harcourt, Dixon ; Sparton, Young;
Thetis, Crisp; Cape Packet, Duncan ; Scalark, Warren ; St.
George, Brown ; Waterloo, Levesue ; James Harris, Innes ;
Camelion, Johnson; and several other outward bound vessels
working in—names unknown. His Majesty's ship Royal Oak
went out of harbour yesterday, and remains at Spithead, bound
to Beraiuda. The Castle Forbes, Ord, for Madras and Bengal,
having completed her repairs, went out of harbour to-day, and
remains at the Mother Bank waiting a fair wind.
FALMOUTH, DEC. 25.—Wind W. to W.N.W.—No arri.
vale or railings.
LIVERPOOL, DEC. 25.—Wind N.N.W., strong gale.—
Arrived the Minstrel, Garnett, from Buenos Ayres, sailed 10th
October ; Richard, Ember, from Demerara ; Commodore
Barnes, , from New Orleans ; Emerald, —, from
Charleston ; l'tichard Sands, Owen, Richard Pope, Malony,
and Admiral Benbow, Williams, ;
'rom Quebec Sir 11. Doug-
las, -- from St. John's, N.B.N
. ; and the James, Grove,
from Richebucto.

The East Jndia Company's ships Lowther Castle and Buck.
inghamshire left Anjeer, for China, the lath of August, and the
Bombay on the following morning.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

STATE or TnE ODDS.—.

ETTING-ROOM, Dtc. 2tl.

8 to I agst Monarch
12 to 1 agst The General
13 to 1 agst Tredrille c.
20 to 1 agst Graniarie
20 to 1 agst Advance c.
20 to 1 agst Bolivar

D Ell

7 to 1 agst Mignonette
8 to 1 agst Pawn
9 to 1 agst Moses
12 t• 1 agv. f. out of Master
Henry's darn
t)NCASTEII
15 to 2 agst Bedlamite
9 to 1 agst Crusader
15 to 1 age Belzoni

BY.

22 to 1 agst Zuleika c.
23 to I agst Br. to Twatty
23 to 1 agst Rowena
25 to 1 agst Sophist
25 to 1 agst Pranks colt
25 to 1 agst any other.
KS.
13 to 1 agst Elizabeth
14 to 1 agst Parasol
15 to 1 agst 80-peep
16 to 1 agst Quadillle
20 to 1 agst Morel.
t ST. I, EG
20 to 1 agst Monarch
20 to 1 agst Barataria
35 to 1 agst Br. to Barefoot.

HUNTING INTELLIGENCE.
MEETINGS OF HOUNDS IN THE PRESENT WEEK.
The Hambledon Hounds, on Wednesday, at Westmeon
Hut ; Friday, at Owselbury Down.
The Hampshire Hounds, on Wednesday, at Htusley Park.
N. F. H.—Mr. Nicoll's Hounds, on Thursday, at Paultons;
Saturday, at Ashley Lodge.
The Earl of Darlington's Fox Hounds, on Wednesday, at
Clifton Gate; Friday, at Camp Hill ; Saturday, at Newton
Hotise Kennel.
The Hurworth Fox Hounds, on Friday, at Neasham.
The Northumberland Fox Hounds, on Wednesday, at geg-
hill Friday, at Hebron.
Mr. Wickstead's Hounds, on Wednesday, at Lawton; Fri.
day, at the Kennel.
Sir T. Sykes's Hounds, on Wednesday, at Bossall ; Fri.
day, at Millington.
The East SIUiSCX Hounds, on Thursday, at Plurupton ;
Saturday, at East Houthly.

- PEDESTRIANISM.
Metcalf, a groom in the employ of Captian Braok
started yesterday at Lewisham, to run twelve miles iu seventy-
two minutes—a start we never recollect to have been accom-
plished. The pedestrian travelled over 21 miles of good
ground without shoes, and he performed the first two miles and
a half in 14 minutes, 40 seconds; the second in 14 minutes, 44
seconds; the third in 14 minutes, 56 seconds ; the fourth in 13
minutes, 2 seconds ; and the remaining two miles in 12 mi-
nutes, 11 seconds : winning by 27 seconds. The first 10 miles,
it will be seen, was done in 59 minutes, 22 seconds.. The pe.
destrian, who is 22 years of age, and 5 feet 6 inches, had been
two months in training. The match for 200 so:ereigns.

A Treasury Order has been issued, dated Bth
December, permitting tobacco to be warehoused
five years without additional rent, and ordering
the duty to be charged on the weight actually
delivered from the warehouse, though not pro..
♦ided for in-Act 62 Geo. IV. cap. 112.
