BRUSSELS PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, JAN. 2.—Marshal Gerard, accompanied
by Viscount Pontecoulont, arrived yesterday at the
Hotel of the Duke of Aremberg. The Marshal
waited in the morning on the King, with whom he
had a long conversation.

The following is the answer made by the King
yesterday to the congratulations of the Court of
Cassation :

" Gentlemen, we receive with pleasure the ex-
pression of the sentiments of the Court of Cassation.
" It is your office, Gentlemen, to cause justice
and the laws to reign, hnd there are no more noble
functions. The taking of the citadel of Antwerp is
an event of great importance, which will hasten
the conclusion of our affairs. But we cannot dis-
semble that our enemy, in despair at having lost
this fine country, is making new efforts to require
pos=ession of it. We need, therefore, much perse-
verance and courage. However, relying on the
patriotism of the Belgians, I have the best-grounded
hopes that the year will not pass over without wit.
nessing the glorious termination of the long and ar-
duous struggle, in which we cannot be overcome."

BRUSSELS, JAN. 3.—Yesterday evening the King
and Queen went to the theatre, where, both on their
entering and retiring, they were saluted with unani-
mous acclamations by the house, which was crowded.
The French and English Ambassadors were present,
but Marshal Gerard, who was expected, was kept
at home by indisposition.
The King and Queen will set out for Lille on
the 10'h.

The Duke of Nemours has received the grand
cordon of the Oi der of L.opold on the raking of the
citadel. The Duke of Orleans received it before.
It has also been conferred on Marshal Gerard, who
will stay here two days longer. On Friday Sir R.
Adair gives a grand dinner in honour of him.
We are sorry to learn that affrays of a very dis-
tressing kind took place the night before last be-
tween some men of the Corps of the Guides and
some French soldiers. There were some wounded
on both sides. Patrols and citizens happily came
up. M. Bartholyns, who interfered, was insulted
and struck : three subalterns of the Guides are mor-
tally wounded.

The Dutch officers are treated by the officers of
the vic.orious army not like prisoners, but like
comrade.i. They have been allowed to walk about
the city without a guard, and were seen in the even-
ing in the different taverns; they have not abused
this indulgence; none of them have deserted ; five
or six privates have eluded the vigilance of their
guards and escaped. The retrograde movement of
the French army continues.
The corre'pondent of the Ccurrier Beige from
Vettloo speaks of various acts of hostility committed
by the Dutch cantoned near Monk.
The works for the defence of Venloo are pro-
secuted with great activity. Some are nearly
finished. Three more officers of engineers have just
arrived there.

Some changes having been made in the itinerary
of King Louis Philip, that of the King and Queen
of the Belgians will be altered accordingly, so that
they will leave Brussels on the Bth, and not on the
10th, as we stated yesterday.
The Marquis of Douro, eldest son of the Duke
of Wellingron,arrived at Brussels yesterday morning.
Yesterday a courier arrived at the office of the
Minister for Foreign Affairs with despatches from
M. Van de Weyer.
Last Monday so many English Cabinet mes-
sengers were despatched that not one was left.
Our Government supplied 200,000 kilogrammes
of powder for the siege of the citadel. Other
quantities, for instance, 60,000 kilogrammes which
are at Wettern, were placed at the disposal of the
French army.
The law by which the two Chambers have voted
thanks to the French army, in the name of the na-
tion, has been copied on parchment, and magnifi-
cently bound as a diplomatic document. It is going
to be sent to M. Lehon at Paris, who will deliver it
to Kung Louis Philip at a solemn audience.
General ?dud!rag arrived at Aix-la-Chapelle on
the 28th cF December.

The lndcpendant has the following article :—" A
private letter from Vienna, dated Dec. 26, and
which we received yesterday, informs us that on the
24► h the young King of Hungary had a violent
epileptic fit; that an affection of the brain ensuing,
rendered his situation more alarming. At the mo-
ment of our correspondent's writing the life of the
Prince was despaired of.—Brussels Papers, Jan. 5.

AMERICAN PAPERS.

GEORGIA.

An extract from the office of the Georgia Courier
slates that the following resolution, offered by Mr.
Ryan, passed the House of Representatives on the
29th ult. :
" Resolved—That if a - Southern Convention be de-
sirable, it is expedient for the state of Georgia to invite the
st.ites of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ala-
bama, Tennesse, Mississippi, to concur with her in
electing Delegates to a Southern Convention, which shall
take into consideration the Tariff syst•.m of the general
Government, anil devise and recommend the most eff•ctual
and proper mode of ebuining relief from the evils of that
system."

Mr. Bates offered the following additional resolu-
tion, which was carried •by a vote of 102 to 51:—.

" Resolved—That we abhor the doctrine of Nulitica-
tion, as neither a peaceful nor constitutional remedy, but
on the contrary, as tending to civil commotion and dis-
union; and while we deplore the rash and revolutionary
measures recently adopted by a Convention of the profile
of South Carolina, we deem it a paramount duty to warn
our fellow-citizens against adopting her mischievous
policy."

Many who voted in the negative on this resolu-
tion declared they were decidedly opposed to the
whole proceedings of the Carolina Convention, but
thought it impolitic to say any thing in relation to
them at this time. But for this consideration, we

(PRICE 7D.)

are informed there would not have been twenty votes
against

FROM MEXICO.—The packet ship Virginia, Cap.
tain Trask, arrived last night from Vera Cruz,
whence she sailed on the 17th ult. The Captain
informs that St. Anna had raised the siege of
Mexico, and gone with his whole force to meet Ge.
neral Bustamente, who had advanced as far as Tula,
within 15 leagues of the capital. General Pedraza
arrived at Vera Cruz on the Bth, and was received
by the inhabitants with great joy. There was a
scarcity of provisions at Vera Cruz—flour was worth
50 dollars a barrel, and other articles of subsistence
at proporionate rates.

A letter from New Orleans of the 24th ult. states,
that there is a gret want of coppersmiths in that
place, and that wages as high as one hundred and
sixty dollars per month have been paid for goo()
workmen at this trade.

SPIRIT OF THE SUNDAY JOURNALS.

We present the readers of the Atlas, in our pre-
sent number, with a map of the county of War-
wick, and a topographical history, from the pen
of Mr. Gorton, of all the material facts in its poli-
tics and statistics that are either valuable or inte-
resting. This is the first attempt that has ever been
made to combine in a newspaper the arts of copper-
plate and letter-press printing. We need not say tr,
those who understand the difficulties of the attempt
that it has cost us infinite trouble, and an outlay fat
beyond any return we can hope to derive from its
sale. But considerations of trouble or expense are
not worth attention, in comparison with the advan-
tages which we believe will be derived from this
publication. The great changes in local bounda-
ries, in the electoral system, and in the privileges of
different classes in the community, effected by the
Reform Bill, render the maps and histories hitherto
published comparatively useless. To supply the
public with authentic data, and with such a view of
the present division of the soil as shall be final, are
the objects we propose. These maps (for we in-
tend to continue them into a series), derive addi-
tional value from the fact that they are the first
which have been drawn up since the Reform Bill
passed into a law. We have embraced on the face
of the engraving all the explanations that could pro-
perly be introduced; and in the descriptive history
it will be found that equal comprehensiveness of
design has been consulted, and we believe accom-
plished. By our mode of publication the map must
reach every subscriber; and by placing it, together
with its statistical exposition, in the centre pages, it
may be detached at will from the body of the jour-
nal, and preserved for the purpose of being sepa•
rarely bound up by those who prefer keeping it in
that shape.—Atlas.

We deliver, gratis, with the News of this day, a
supplementary sheet, containing an analytical list of
the Members of the new Parliament, with some use-
ful information relative to their political opinions or
profes4ons. From our calculations, and these are
sfopteme
cdheeds, onaiu d
published
ros
adattia u
re, s
ssese. ase. formere.wo
we make
cndc
t,
that the composition of the New House of Com-
mons will be as follows :
Reformers of all grades
Conservatives
Well may the latter admit, that as a par'y they are
exrinet. Of these, therefore, we shall take no note,
but turn to the consideration of the immense ma-
jority on the side of the Reformers. A clever writer
in one of the Monthly Magazines, has endeavoured
to show that, in this great majority, lies the danger
to Ministers—and we think there is something in
his argument. Its large number, and the having
nothing to apprehend from the Conservatives, will
render it as a body difficult for any Minister to ma-
nage, much more to control. It is also likely to
split into divisions, but these we doubt not will al-
ways reunite in the support of Lord Grey's Admi-
nistration, as long as by their conduct they moil
that support. We may express a belief, that hardly
one of the 513 will set himself in direct opposition,
to the Minister, in any plan proposed for the benefi
of the country—but it must not be a half-and-half,
milk-and-water plan, but an effectual remedy for the
abuse it is levelled at. The question of the
in spite of the endeavours of Ministers, to stave it
off, will be one of the first subjects on which a trial
of relative strength will bt. made in the new Parlia-
ment. Judging from the data in our supplementary
sheet, we think the Ballotists may safely reckon on
nearly 200 votes. On the que,tions of Church
Reform, repeal of the Assessed Taxes, repeal of the
Septennial Act, &c. &c., the real Reformers will
appear in great force, so much so as in our opinion
to compel Ministers to enter largely and liberally
into the consideration of those subjects. Hitherto
we have no information as to the intentions of Mi-
nisters respecting the topics we have named. These,
however, cannot long be concealed, and we trust
they will prove of that extensive, satisfactory na-
ture, as to insure the continued support of those
tried friends to liberty by whose help Lord Grey
and his friends have been placed on their present
vantage ground. They have the staff in their
hands, and their own conduct alone can deprive
them of it.—News.

A KEY TO THE BALLOT QUESTION.—Without
any fear of wearying our readers, we return again
and again to the ballot, knowing the great interest
of the subject, and the anxiety .of the public to be
guarded against the pretences or sophistries whicl.
are put forth to discredit the only resource against
the foul influences. There is not, however, any ad-
verse argument which our friends may not dispose of
as employing the
trahnegireurnleerti vthsi
ofch t hh
easilyenabled a
us we can by em
to unravel all the
question. It is simply as follows :—Every objection
to secret voting, must, of necessi!y, apply more
strongly to open voting; or, every vice which can
be supposed to exist in consequence of the ballot,
must exist far more extensively and injuriously in the
present system. Every argument against secret
voting, will be broken up by the working of this
rule. Whatever be the circumstances supposed by
the opponent, let the reader consider what will be
the effect of them at the open hustings. Depend-
ency he will find the common term of every hypo-
thesis; upon this the evil power in every conceivable
case turns; and in the open voting it turns against
the public object—in the secret for it. For exam-
ple, Mr. Spring Rice, at the Cambridge election,
argued thus against the ballot :
Let me put a case—suppose a master who employs many
workmen; he canvasses them, and threatens dismissal if they
do not promise to vote for his favourite candidate. They may,
it is true, refuse such promise, but they may also, under the
present system, decline breaking their word, or abandoning
their principle+. But if they yield, the promise is given ; if
they keep their promise, the present evils remain unmitigated ;
they vote against their opinion. But it is suggested that they
rnsy break their promises. True ; but is it to fraud, to lying,
and to dishonesty, that we can or ought to trust for a remedy
in this case? Are hypnrrisy and baseness thus to become the
pledges and guarantees for English freedom? I go a step fur-
ther ; not only may the voter break his promise, but he assu-
redly will do so."

Now let us see how our rule will work on this
example. Here are men in a state of dependence ;
it is then duty to vote fur A., the candidate whom
they think the most worthy ; but their tnastur
threatens them with dismissal if they refu,e to vole
for Z. The same apprehension of loss of bread
which under the ballot would induce these poor fel-
lows to give the tyrant their feigned promises of
compliance, would, in the sweat of open voting,
cause them not only to give their promises, but then
suffrages also at tl.e poll. In the ballot, on the other

hand, they would vote against their promises to the
knave who menaced them, and according to their
convictions—according to their public duty. At
the open poll they would vote according to their pro-
mises to the knave, and against their conviction
against their public duty. Now in which case is
'here most fraud, most lying, most hypocrisy, and
baseness? We fling back these terms upon Mr.
Rice, and affirm, and prove, that for these practices,
in their uttermost foulness, he is pleading. He is
the advocate for the " fraud," the " lie," the " hy-
pocrisy," and the" baseness." He is the advocate
for the " fraud" which would send the workmen to
the poll as the voters for Z., though their choice wss
for A.; he is the advocate for the " lie" which
these poor creatures would utter when giving in
•heir votes against their sincere preferences; he is
the advocate of the " hypocrisy" of their professing
,o be what they are not, in a solemn act before the
race of hundreds; he is an advocate of the " base-
ness" of violating a public duty, for all these things
ire compelled of helpless dependence under the
system of open voting, when the convictions of the
,nthralled elector are opposed to the will of the
tyrant. But in all the arguments against the ballet,
it is to be observed, that the public duty is treated
as of no account ; and for this reason, that the oppo-
nents of the ballot are openly or covertly interested
in frustrating the public duty, weakening its force,
ind narrowing its range. Thus we hear much of the
elector's engagements to the tyrant or the tempter,
but nothing of his obligations to society—much of
he baseness of his breaking his promises to the
rogue, but nothing of the crime of his betraying his
rust; though both cases of immorality are under
,ensideration, and the question really is, which of
e two evils is the preferable. Let us suppose that
servant promises to rob his master, but repents
end breaks faith with his confederate, who finds the.
loor barred against his entrance. Is there in the
orld a Spring Rice who will ask, " Is it to lying
hat we can consent to owe the safety of property in
this case ?" Is there any one capable of contending
chat the servant should rather have proved false to
his trust than have broken his promise to the thief ?
And why is not the breach of the elector's trust con-
4idered a far greater offence, than the breach of the
promisevalu
value
in
tot abuse
the
eeyes it Because
of those
whopubl
empicu
loydtthyesla
etnsrgn:
merits against the ballot, or because it is the very
thing whose authority they dread as fatal to their
power, and would labour to destroy. So significant
an omission never appeared in any course of argu-
mentation as this entire omission of regard to the
elector's duty to society in the tirades against se-
cret voting, while so much stress has been laid on
the enormity of breaking faith with the tyrant or
corrupter. With the tyrant or corrupter are the
sympathies of these reasoners;—it is for his cause
they plead, it is his sway they would continue, it is
igaiest the death-blow to his power that they despe-
rately strive. It is asked, what is to be thought of
the man who gives a promise intending to break it
We ask in return, what is to be thought of one who
gives a promise to violate his duty, intending to
violate his duty ? The latter is clearly the greater
offender. Let us pursue the preceding illustration.
The servant has been terrified into promises to open
his master's door to the midn ght robber, but has
only pretended compliance to secure his own escape,
and has had no intention of betraying his trust. Will
any one argue that this man is more blameable than
the fellow who having promised the crime accom-
plishes it ? The Chronicle puts a case in strict
analogy :

Suppose a landlord were to say to his tenant, I have got a
cause coming on at Chelmsford Assizes; you must give me
your pledge to be there as a witness, and swear to such and
such a falsehood, or else ** * *." We say that there is no
difference in principle between suborning the testimony of a
voter at the poll and suborning the testimony of a witness in a
Court of Justice ; indeed a voter is nothing more than a wit-
ness to character, for the candidate whom he conscientiously
prefers, on one signal and solemn occasion. If landlords
thought themselves warranted in suborning false testimony in
a Court of Justice, by the same threats and tortures as they now
suborn it at elections, all security even for private rights would
be subverted, and our judicature would become a mere instru-
ment of their disastrous dominion, just as our Legislature has
been up to the present moment. Should a dependent be in.
duced, under the influence of threats, to promise that he will
appear and give false evidence in his landlord's judicial cause,
we maintain that he ought not to fulfil it; and we say exactl}
the same, in the case of a compulsory promise to vote."
Let us examine another instance put by Mr. Thee,
—puerile enough it is, but with puerilities we must
deal in disposing of the objections of such states.
men :

" Secrecy is the whole recommendation of the ballot. 3/ay
it not be doubted whether secrecy could be maintained ? Sun.
pose the election over, and the electors met at the Crown,
where we have conversed together, or at the Smoaky, or So.
ciable, would they not discuss the merits of the respective can-
didates and the conduct of the electors, and would not the se.
crets of the ballot.box necessarily transpire ? Or if this tempts.
tion could be withstood, would not there be still more difficult
trials to be undergone? Imagine a good Whig voter return.
ing from the hustings to a good Whig wife. How comes it,
my dear,' the matron would ask, that you marched up to
Parker's.piece with purple flags ; you cannot have been ♦oting
with the Tories ? " Oh, no, mistress,' would be the answer,
I would burn off my hand first. I stand true to my colours.
Though I marched with the Purples, I voted with the old Blue
and BOR.' Thus would the secret be revealed : the wife's arms
would be cast round her husband's neck in an affectionate em.
brace. The voter would prove both his affection and his pa.
triotism, but forfeit all claim to discretion, and would break the
spell of the ballot."

Such cases may occur, but what would be the
effect of them ? Of what force would be the repre-
sentation of the wife, in the habit of incredulity pro-
duced by the ballot ? And how would this case
stand in the existing system ? The husband would
march with the Purples (the hypocrite whom the
anti-ballot folks so profess to hate), though his pre-
ferences went with the Blues, and he would vote
with the Purples against his conscience! His de-
pendence is the same either in the ballot or at the
open poll; but in the first, the domineering influ-
ence is only of force to make a show of subjection,
and in the second, it obliges the act of slavery. Tne
public gets what it wants, the honest vote; the wife
gets the secret; the tyrant gets the disappointment.
Is there much amiss in this, or does Mr. Rice think
it better that the wife should despise her husband
for being such a slave and hypocrite as to vote for
the Purples, and that the tyrant should succeed in
extorting the unwilling vote, and the public lose the
benefit of the conscientious choice ? We may insti-
tute the ballot when the worst miscarriages that can
be imagined in its operation, are such as we have
observed upon. The truth is, that the secrecy of the
ballot cannot be violated till its work be done. The
vote according to the conviction has been given,
and if it be blabbed of, will the blab be believed.
We use keys, bolts, aid bars although there are
picklocks, tiles, and centre-bits available fur robbery.
che lock may be forced in some cases, but is that an
argument against the general use of the key ? Do
we not find that there is an advantage in removing
things from the eye of temptation, and in increasing
the difficulties in the way of crime ? The thief may
break through the barred door, but it would not
improve our safety to leave it open. The ballot is,
however, superior to this illustration, for it is
stronger than any mechanical contrivance, as the
secret is locked in the voter's breast, and even his
tongue is not an infallible key to it. It is, indeed,
it once the crypt of political honesty, and its place
of power for resenting all attempts upon integrity.
In it the dependent have a momentary independ-
ency, and a potent will. But, it is said, electors
will talk, and their choices will be inferred from
their opinions. If so, they will soon learn to ieserva
Themselves for action. Meanwhile the exercise of
the it,fluences, for want of subjects; will he falling
into disuse. But in the conjectures of the uses the
landlord or patron may make of information he may
have from spies of the opinions of persons with
whom he does not associate, the indisposition of
even the worst of mankind to act Severely on a
vague suspicion of conduct is overlooked. Tne vote
is net seen, it is only guessed, and few have the
heart to persecute on guesses. Let us again apply
our rule to this supposition : how do the dependent
persons, %% hose sutfrages in the ballot would be in-
ferred from their conversation, act and talk in the
,sisting system. That they must vote according to
the bidding of their tyrants is certain, and the ma-
jority of them will profess sentiments opposite to
their c9nvictim i for the pridit of huouln nature fe.

,
. .
. ,
. ,
LITERATURE. THE REVENUE.
.votts against the confession of subjection, and ae. , of snug Tivortou eleetions,--the justifier of a
sank
stockrai S OF sToCKsl97sl%lDeAwYsapeTroctiteento'CLOCK.
cordingly most men will wear opinions correspond. Manchester massacre ; but he has the advantage of LA -------""
RDNER'S CYCLOP.ZEDIA, No.XXXVIII, No. I.
ing with their compelled actions. Now, is there no percent. Red 871,4% 6% India Stock
shut ')itto Bonds... 38 36 39 34 pm. having mixed a little with the people,—has learnt LONDOIii, 1833, ABSTRACT of the NET PRODUCE of the Rims= of GREAT
evil in the fictitious, the coanterfeit opinion which ii per
ecr Cent Cone,
-- South Sea Stock ..».»..... 96%
er3BRITAIN, in the YEARS and QuAR!ERs ended sth January
must thence extensively prevail ? and should the 'ltto Red•
1832, and sth January, 1833 showing the Increase or De.,
ballot substitute silence for it, ct would morality, truth. 7v&siPr nenn.tiv.-•• 96 S
clew Delntto
t. Ann. 1751
and policy suffer by the change? In these few in- t per Cent. 1826 106%%1i % Ex. Bills, X1,000...4S 50 46 on- . *,
necessi.y of securing his seat for Liverpool from the cursory glance we have been able to t ';-' ~,, g 4 rPar ei
lank Long Ann to expo, S, Fi: a E-,-.1,,
stances we have worked out our rule of considering his. 5, 18,fto Ditto ....W0...4480
5500 4466 pomin:
obliges his Lordship to profess liberality with cast at it, is written with candour and impartia- 47. 64 8 5 c)-• s'
objections to secret voting, with reference to the ef- cse!.. 10, 1859 17% 5-16 Ditto*"-. Small
Ditto Commercial.........—pm 7.1° K° H.> 5 f,o, 2.0211'6' P
Jan. 5, 1860 - Ditto Advertised -elm regard to the trade with China, but upon other lity, certainly with spirit. The volume possesSes t V,s, g § '3: p t 3
feet of the same supposed circumstances in open Jan. 5, 1880 - Bank for Account-. 193% 4% "iv "'2 .5. 7 ..3 ci 'D i 7 F rJ.
voting ; but it is not enough to show that the vices prils, 1880 ..... - India for Account
--- Cons. for Jan. 23....88r 7i 81 7i .-, z , ~, W ,0 a - . ~, oz, g
lingering in the first case, will always be found fa, tan. 5' P 47" s," 3 .:2 - 5.'4-
question of Church Reform, for exam we are and copious index.„ 1.1 E." g.
more extensively and injuriously prevailing in the
,kPRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
(!igstiarinanßol3.7sds
90 Peruvian Bonds ..... ........ 104 as certain that Lord SANDON Will • v against ___,.... 4 )' 2. . ' .4=- - •
a ,<
latter : for the ballot will not long suffer the men- I
^744 7 Ditto Account BYRON'S WORKS. VoL. XIIL ro ig. 5 P
'i fel 2 ' Paw . Wto re.,
dacity or the hypocrisy, which are the products of Ditto Account 77% 7 Portuguese Bonds 49-14 Ministers (if their plan be any thing like what M`gc,.
- Ditto Account LONDON, 1833. F. 4:: Li, E- . .9, - ~,
bribery or intimidation, to exist. By discouraging irgitioanAcconudnst... .... -48% % Regency Scrip 4g sd-is. it is reported to be), as we are that his father, 0, .-•-•
and and baffling the attempts, it ultimately does away luenos Ayres Bonds - Ditto Account 41 5 dia. The present volume comprises the tragedies of t 5 n G' 4
ii Ditto Account 20% 1% Prussian Bonds lOl% Lord HARROWBY, laughed in his sleeve, when cl. Ei.- g a:E-'
with the effect.—Examiner. 'hilian Bonds 16% Ditto Account " Sardanapalus" and the " Foscari," the wild r, s , ~,
F s'
Ditto Account Ditto Bonds, 1822 the CHANCELLOR proclaimed his son as drama of the " Deformed Transformed," and 2r: a.' g
----- Columbian Bonds ........ ..... 9% Russian Bonds, 1822 lO2 g al .E,•' 9, P.l
WHAT IS THE DUTY OF THE NEW Ditto Account Ditto Account 102% a Liberal in the House of Lords. Lord . . , E.
PARLIAMENT ? Ditto Bonds, 1824 lol i New Loan 91%34 the magnificent drama entitled " Heaven and 2, a a rr, .
Ditto Account 10% Spanish Bonds, 1821 1634% SANDON has been` returned for Liverpool ; Earth "ofthe finest that
, one
..c.n co ,z .„'-'.P.S3 - J'' 5.
____. hinish Bonds 70% Ditto Account 16%
(From Merle's Weekly Register.) Ditto Account Ditto Bonds, 18.3 ......... - and it may be that Mr. THORNELY ever composed. The embellishments, as usual, :g g g i sk
,p 6•.' Iq a §V 5-P P.
.:- I .:..5,.-....., ..-.... z- ~...
If the privileges of a Member of Parliament are rieisnort73nodnsds,
,025
29% French Renter, sp. c. 101E150(4%. will not succeed in obtgAfip. g legal sr•o; 5 c 7, I i'i ' ''''
-
- -...i .. .4 arc excellent. They are engraved by Finden, ke.-Q '-':-1 -.'zip - - F.•.:. § Y . - s'
many, his duties are also numerous. He may be at. Ditto Account (— Exchange 251 80c. corm lion b which it was accom .
embarrassed man, and cheat his creditors of capture. NlermznAlleoennudns,ts per cent.
1-14 —3ExPeciiicanne .. gr. 8,7),c p y , from designs by Turner. From the preface to
~..=
~. = - -
- It, -,p c..., I - ~ ~..
,c
Exchange .2,ii 3!4 2i the disgrace is to his supporters, not to
He may be a vain man, and glory in the MP. IL Ditto, 6 per cent 25 ,Dutch Scrip 'l' this volume (which we should add is full of ..-atc- 11, ..!1 ::;-i -z .., -.. A..----fly -?, .g- g.E.,-
may be a merchant or a banker, and gain 3501. per leDapoitTtaAnccount 25% 5, Ditto!Account 43% 2% 34, ponents, who may rejoice in the certainty of
- French Scrip
_4% pm. - brief, pertinent annotations from the pens of § § §i ...''' 2 §1316 Y -s' 4
annum by his franks and the privilege of receiving ultimate triumph. His Lordship may shuffle g
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAT AT ONE O'CLOCK. many of our best writers) we learn that, owing r.
~.... -I, = ..-:
his letters free of postage. He may be a man of Paid. Per Share., 'co •-• "..a lo ...,„, w Seitai 4:1 4 ~.. 0 '
talent, climbing his way to distinction, and may fino kngio Mex. Min. Co. ties. at 5/. pm.t zino-s;4 the cards as long as he pleases ; not another
to an accumulated mass of interesting materials, aV, ;:-.1 p a p :4 5,...:-...e.,:al :4, R. a;'. ;
the M.P. step the surest niche in the rock which he Itaznos Mining CompanY, £l5O 142% -.
game will his party win; not another chance will
Ulan Imp. Min. Co. (iss. at 5/. pm.) £2O 46% this edition, instead of being, as was originally Pc. .B c 8 g g "g"fig§l' IF. § •:'' '
has to climb. These are some of the privileges and Ditto National 17% 16% his father have of being prime Minister, unless,
advantages of a Member of the House of Commons. Ditto
tto Sct,.3eJaoe.fin Del Rey
5 3%
SY, indeed, it be such a chance as was offered intended, restricted to fourteen volumes, will be :.--. ,s, _cti = = -•-mow ri Ic.
_,,
What are his duties ?To attend nightly in hi,- .ritish Iron Mining Company £5O IS eltended to seventeen. If the extra volumes -57;
..P. = Ys; -T4 zii --4 LI-n:l'i A iz 6 P
c4lxv:anfigiinamcpoz. at 5/. pm.) 41t54, 74 him when Earl GREY and his colleagues re- F. 2-§
cl. F § E zl§nE'q nig Fs P
seat—to devote his days to the demands of his con- contain as much novel matter as those already - .
stituents, and to the study of the best means of ten-
seal del
mining Association ll 2g4 signed, in May last. Would lie like the reps- • '
üblished, we shall rejoice at this addition. it •
,:-..:: s.. , I,i ,p.; .. ti ...stlirS;
Timiltncion.gass. C 0....,..,
pm ) — 19% t..,,, „,1
dering a service to the public at large—to vote ho- ,Jetted Mex.4o 5% 65% tition of such a chance ? § fai 6 .3. N EsIP " '4 t.' . .
- 1 1 1 ',„Er,
neatly and fearlessly—to defy the (Treasury) devil
killranttoceNAwreSlcnisitrance Co
10 84
8% ---""1"."----
THE FUNDS.—(THIS DAY.) ..g
12, g § "r 4 t' -.-. li § IMI
and all his works. As he is virtually the represen- orotector Insiirance Comp.'"
%%strata Tian Co.
tative of nearly 50,000 persons, to say nothing of 2534 6%
ad Company ............. ..... . l7 CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
.0,
.....
46% has been no answer received from the Dutch.4 ID Sl3 .PP :-. l''
his fellow-subjects outrc mer although he may norm- ';eneral Steam Navigation CO. l3 0% Montreal Papers to the 7th of December have been re- p E `co,. F.„ gt§2g § 8 -0.
nally represent less than 100, he must feel that a 'rovincial Bank of Ireland 25 30%. KING. ceived at the North and South American Coffee-house. 4" -.... ' •P -....- '-'1- 4 ---" ' " " "'-
heavy responsibility attaches to him. He who is PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, JAN. 4. . There is every reason to believefrom the unabated continu- § /3 0 t.- E it-§ g 7.1,1 t, P .5-
. St. Patrick lnsur.(peiShare) - The French mail of Saturday has not yet ar-commissioned to represent the wants and dement, lank Stockonce of the frost and snow that the winter has fairly corn- - s- I
, 3 r cent -
the rights of 50,000 of his fellow-tubjects, is not an toy. Stock, 3% per cent. 9214 National Ditto •:_-. rived. The Funds on Friday were—Five perß aac, t .-,..
menced. From Quebec they state that the nevigation '; ''''' :" P STI '7 ''''''-PP ''''' i'' !-••
titto, New 92% Patriotic Ditto
ordinary man. , per Cent. . ........ ....... ' Hibernian Bank - Cents., 991. 80c. 95c. 75c.; Loan of 1832, was nearly closed for the 'wagon, as respects vessels leaving * = ..:7: Pgsp , :-.; bbir, z.— .:
the port ; six had sai'ed with a strong westerly wind. a 2 g gii .1
pia bb EI li ?! s" .
7,4
It all men who have obtained seats in Parliament ov. Deb. g percent.... 86% Provincial Ditto
38% Royal Irish Mine Three per Cents., 70f. 60c. 65c. 40c. Ice is now floating in considerable quantities.
would think of what they owe to society, we should Royal (anal Ccanansall Troel — Imperial Mine
The private letters by the Dutch mail state that a 14' -„,"' sit sl'7.-: .r.,.., ,,,,,-,,i;A; ~- S' 2 :
not ask the question which we have put at th 'ity Deb. 4 per cent ..... Mining Co. of Ireland - ____—..........—___
allast Office Deb. 4D. c. Commercial Buildings general opinion prevails at Amsterdam that Eneland and p Jel ,t 8 _a 7,1 2 to„,d ?JS 72 Ei. g,'
head of this article. The press, however, owes s
still higher duly than the Parliament, for it repre. It AILS. J a c! . a6csizsi 2.. s• ;
France will not interfere any further initheir affairs, hut 14 0 "6- - 0. I: "4- ~----- - --a -- ":. s •
trrived. Due. Arrived. Due. for the recent sudden rise in the funds, for which leave it to Holland and Belgium to settle their differences. —
sents, nominally and virtually, the entire popularity 0 America 0 0 Hamburg 1 we refer the reader to the article under the usual The letters are rather of a favourable description; z--"- .24 2- ...4 - ..?-- 4-...-?s.l a- lc s.,
... o. - - "
of the kingdom. If a man may not choose a repre. 0 Brazil
1 0 Jamaica. , ... . .
,;„ a
,:d Assilp:,3l,,T 7. .' -' , ,s ,1 rP
sentative to Parliament, he may be certain of repre- (o) ItaurettrasgeAnyares
0 0 Leeward Islands - 0 King Leopold to the Court of Cessation, by which he §§ti i 3 5. :i 1.1 '63 g fri rg t § I"-g § ''
sentation by the press. But for that mode of mak- 2 Dublin 0 ! 0 Lisbon 3 —..........-... L-
- the Dutch are making new efforts to attack him.
„ ..... 0 0 Malta 0 We direct our readers' particular attention to According to the accounts in the French Papers from P .7, io .1-i t. P ...-....5.mr.rn
ing known his grievances, we think he would hay, li France 1 0 Sweden
little prospect of redress, even from the reformed 1 Guernset &Jersey.. 0 1 Waterford
___o_ the following generous and eloquent appeal Lisbon of the 19th of Dec., Miguel had arrived at his z 2, es :8 -,2 8 Osi. tr,.l4f II i E
six hundred and fifty-eight. head quarters, and reviewed his army, intimating in his 0 *- d F.; `GC ,),,,,,.
GLOBE INSURANCE COMPANY. (which we quote from the Times ofthis morning) speech to his troops, that the fate of bie Crown depended - ",:?2,.
The duties of the new House of Commons are, it
on the result of a general action. He was to leave on the , 5 FIRE, LIVES, AND ANNUITIES, to the justice of the community in behalf of one t:
our opinion, lst, to reform the mode by which busi- PALL MALL AND corimuLL. 21st for Lishon previous to the intended attack on Don c,'".3 -a a 2 5
ness has hitherto been conducted in that House— Established 1803. of the most distinguished writers of the day. Pedro. Some 'of D,n Pedro's troops had crossed the I "may' :7559, silif IT -,=, -41 tg 1I I R
to meet at more seasonable hours, so that a mar. CAPITAL ONE MILLION STERLING, the whole Mr. BANIM, the gentleman in question, whose frontiers of Don Miguel's line, and approached Gallina; 8 tt, : ko 0 .-: 'e,.%
v r, 2
may not be an exile from his family at that period paid up and invested, thereby affording to the Assured d which caused the Spanish troops to approach nearer to ---* ° a
acquaintance is an honour to be coveted
of the 24 hours when it behoves every one to pre- an immediate available fund for the payment of the most ' the frontiers of Portugal. a
e.
side over over his own hearth :to do this effectually extensive lasses, without any liability of partnership. is a writer who has rendered himself celebrated THE FUNDS. IL' 12. ..2@ is' s, , i ij ''''
nothing is requisite but economy of speech. There THOMAS COLES, Esq., Chairman, in the world of letters, as a dramatist, a poet, The Funds have experienced a reaction this morning.
BCBnnsols, which on Saturday touched 89, and left off ~,,, ~,-,, _ : I 1 f ft ~,
ist t- a s. • '
are not ten men in the House of Commons capable EDWARD GOLDSMID, Esq., Deputy Chairman.
and above all, as a novelist. In this last cape-
Farming Stock Insured generally on the Farm. il for the Account, opened atBBi,but immediately went ........„...........-..m... ...sesmeme
of cha ming by their eloquence, although there are
Rates and Conditions of Fire and Lifelnsurance,&e, city, he ranks second only to Sir WALTER down to 87i ; since which they have assumed a brighter ee I
many who can enlighten by the information anti, e.i co °,21 t .5S 't' 1 1 1 1 I
may he hail of the Company's Agents, and at the Officer
SCOTT. His " Tales of the O'Haraa- appearance, and have got up again to 881. We imagine
judgment which they possess. No man of real "g
If, I "i§ ‘-i
5 ts,
,zi London. there are two causes for these fluctuations this morning—
talent requires more than twenty minutes to deliver All Persons whose Insurances with this Company be_ mily" are marked by extraordinary energy, first, parties realizing on a good profit ; secondly, that a
the most convincing truths, and it is a mockery of come due at Christmas next, are requested to take notice, passion, and just, though somewhat stern, views vood deal of stock is to be taken to-morrow ; and another WI C I ti? 1
legislation, in these days of plain dealing, to wa,t, -hat Receipts for the renewal thereof are now ready for reason, perhaps, that it would be dangerous for the Bulls oc_ F,, gi . g 1 ..g
1,..„ 1.% :,Fo I I 4:z.,,, I I 1 Fp t
'-' el
of Irish character. Passages may be found in
the time of the House by an attempted display of delivery at the Company's Offices, and in the hands of their to have so great a rise, fearing that the Bears will not be ;''_.it e
z.-12 I '5,
the powers of speech. It is important, too, in this respective Agents in the Country, them, and these not a few, which may vie in able to pay their differences on the account day. 3 S c
sort of Reform, to see that private bills be no longer Insurances due at Christmas next must be paid on or
truth and force of delineation with any thing In the Foreign market Dutch Stock is rather heavy, as
smuggled through or defeated, by a miserable fets before the 9th of January. the public are disappointed in not having the answer of No. 11.
who have a direct interest in supporting or opposing LIFE INSURANCE. that even the Northern Enchanter himself has the King of Holland to the proposed convention.
INCOME and CHARGE of the CONSOLIDATED FUND in the
Policies issued for the whole term of Life will be rir-
them, and that committee-men be not allowed towritten. We allude more particularly to the We are still without any direct arrivals from Lisbon or QUARTERS ended Jan. 5, 1832 and IEO3.
chased on terms to be agreed on with theparties inte- Oporto.
absent themselves during the examination of evi- the Nowlans," which is, like Quarters ended Jan. 5
•
rested, should they be desirous of surrendering them " Tale of HALF-PAST ONE.
deuce, and come down at the last hour to swamp--...
the Company. " Anastasius," one of those striking works of We can now partly account for the late and sudden INCOME. 1832 1833
investigation by their votes. To abolish the owes JOHN CHARLES DENHAM, Secretary. fiction that, once read, are never forgotten. And rise in the Funds, which may, to a very considerable ex-
of moving an absurd standing order against the ad- London, Dec. 20, 1832. tent, be ascribed to the operations in the money market Customs.-Consolidated Duties 2,282,546 2,775,507
mission of strangers during the debates, and, above this gentleman, thus distinguished, thus exam- by the Bank of England. Two years past, owing to the Sugar applicable to the
rill, to do away with the paltry practice of exacting A Correct and Complete LIST, GRATIS, glary (as those acquainted with him well know), in failure of the harvest, lerge drafts of bullion were sup- Consolidated Fund 1,234,605 -
a fee of admission from the public, who have a right of the REFORM PARLIAMENT, to all Pur- plied by the Bank of England, and, to counteract its in- Excise Total Customs 3,517,151 2,77,,507
4,265,574 3,966,488
to hear what their representatives have to say. To chasers of RUFFY'S POCKET BOOKS and ALMA. all the social and domestic relations of life, fluence on the Foreign Exchanges, they realised Ex- stamps 1,618,770 1,575,955
divide the public from the private business, in such a PACKS for 1833 ; similar to MARSHALL'S, of which who never yet penned a line that even the most chequer Bills to the extent of three millions. Now the
Taxes 1,931,262 1,ti02,823
328,000 338,000
Mr. Ruffy has been Editor, as well as Printer, from their • position is reversed. Bullion flows in copiously from Miscellaneous 33,344 49,133
manner that neither maybe neglected; and, above all, fastidious morality might take offence at—this
every quarter, and the Bank have been replacing their
commencement.
to fine Members who come into the House drunk. -0..,:"" 1,.. ..-. -......... ~,,1 C...., 12......._1... (11........:.4. • re.artfleinnnn ilf,tl7 1;00 nil +l,a 1...,1 -r .;nI,nOCIC in a V....h.n.... Mk ....t.:-I. :..1.,-.. .. ...........e.L. L.— ------1 11.749,101 10.607.906

2dly—Having reformed the mode of conducting
the business of the House, to proceed to the passine
of those great measures by which alone the prospe-
rity of the country can be restored, and its tranquil-
lity be maintained. To reduce the standing army
and, by way of rendering a large standing army
useless, to insist on the reduction of the army it
France, so that the Holy Alliance gang may have ne
excuse for betraying suspicion of the French ; the,
British Parlament engaging, as an inducement for
the concession on the part of France in favour of thf
peace of Europe, to assist her, in the event of at-
tack, against any or all the Powers of the world. To
abolish all pensions and sinecures after the deaths
of the present holders, and to reduce those which
are now chargeable on the State to an amount con-
sistent with the altered value of the currency and
the decreased price of living, as compared with the
period when these pensions and sinecures were,
Axed. To abolish all useless offices of state—to re-
duce, by twenty-five per cent., all salaries which
are beyond 1,0001., and to establish the principle
which prevails in other countries, that the rank in
society of a public functionary is not determined b)
the money that he receives, but by the character of
the office that he holds. To reduce all taxes which
press on the industrious classes, or which tend to
abridge the comforts of the poor, and to supply the,
dtfi( iency occasioned to the revenue, if that defi-
ciency should not be counterbalanced by the adop-
tion of a rigid economy and general retrenchment, tm
a moderate property tax, which shall affect fairly ane
equally all who have the means of contributing to
the exigencies of the State. To repeal (not
reduce) all the taxes on knowledge, and abolish the
dutit s on advertisements, so that the trader who ha
not a fortune to throw away in advertisements may
obtain the publicity necessary for the purposes o'
trade. To put an end to the spy system in du
revenue, by which innocent men are entrapped, anc
rogues who can afford to bribe are suffered to escape
To establish a fair and moderate scale of duties upon
all the products of industry which it may be still
necessary to tax, so as to hold out no temptation to
fraud. To encourage colonisation abroad, in places
likely to answer the purpose of poor emigrants; and
to regulate the price of agricultural labour and pro-
duce by a revision of the corn laws, so that thi
struggle between the agricultural and commercial
interests may cease, and the labourer be no longer s
pauper upon the soil which his labour has made
rich, To reform the laws and the administration of
them, so that the poor may have redress against the
rich, and the means of obtaining justice be not mots
pzpensive than the value of the right claimed. To
abolish imprisonment for debt, and make fraudulent
concealment or representation on the part of the
debtor, an offence punishable to any extent short of
death. To reduce the tax on the inventions of
human industry, by which the poor man of talent i-
unable to reap the fru;ts of his intellectual toil, am,
instead of exacting :345/. for a patent of invention,
to demand, as in the United States of America,
only 6/. To abolish flogging in the army and navy.
as unnecessary for the purposes of discipline, and as
a moral degradation which prepares the mind for the
commission of any crime. To emancipate the
negroes as soon as it may be done with safety to
themselves, without regard to claims fer compensa-
tion, which have no foundation in Christian right.
To tranquillise Ireland by the removal of the present
Secretary, ho has set public opinion at defiance,
and, by the enactment of impartial and equitabls
laws, defeat the repeal demagogues, and hold Ireland
by a new tenure, which no system of agitation can
destroy.
These are a few of the duties of the Reformed
Hou-e of Commons. There are many more of equal
importance, to which we shall allude at another time.

Published by Penny and Son, Bow-lane, Cheapside ;
Thorp and Burch, Jewry-street, Aldgate ; and Ruffy.
Budge-row, London ; and may be bad of all Bookseller:.
;n town and country.

TO CORRESPONDENT&
The Letter of " A Friend to Morality and Honesty" shall appear

We direct our readers' particular attention to
the following generous and eloquent appeal
(which we quote from the Times ofthis morning)
to the justice of the community in behalf of one
of the most distinguished writers of the day.
Mr. BANIM, the gentleman in question, whose
acquaintance is an honour to be coveted,
is a writer who has rendered himself celebrated
in the world of letters, as a dramatist, a poet,
and above all, as a novelist. In this last capa-
city, he ranks second only to Sir WALTER
SCOTT. His " Tales of the O'Hara Fa-
mily" are marked by extraordinary energy,
passion, and just, though somewhat stern, views
of Irish character. Passages may be found in
them, and these not a few, which may vie in
truth and force of delineation with any thing
that even the Northern Enchanter himself has
written. We allude more particularly to the
" Tale of the Nowlans," which is, like
" Anastasius," one of those striking works of
fiction that, once read, are never forgotten. And
this gentleman, thus distinguished, thus exem-
plary (as those acquainted with him well know), in
all the social and domestic relations of life,
who never yet penned a line that even the most
fastidious morality might take offence at—this
gentleman now lies on the bed of sickness, in a
foreign land, forbidden the exercise of those
mental faculties by which alone he has hitherto
been able to support himself. We can conceive
no case that more imperatively demands the
prompt, generous interference of the public.
Mr. BANIM has given pleasure to thousands ;
we hope, therefore, that he will not be suffered
to pass away from before our eyes without a
hand being raised up in his behalf. Sir W.
SCOTT died a victim to the same honourable
intellectual exertions that are now bowing down
the fine mind of Mr. BANIM. We trust that
he will not, like Sir WALTER, be left to sink
or swim, as may happen, unaided ; and then,
when it is too late, be honoured with public
condolences and subscriptions. In the one
graphic half line of " Children crying for the
unbought bread," the Times places the whole
case before us, with a pathos and simplicity
that cannot fail to make their way to the heart :
" In this day's Times we have inserted some notice of
a new literary production from the known and much-ad-
mired pen of Mr. Banim, author of Tales of the O'Hara
Family, the Nowlans, the Fetches, the Croppy, th.
Boyne Water, and several dramatic performances of die.
tieguished merit, from every one of which the public has
derived an amount of pleasure, and from some among them
--f motel improvement, but rarely attributable to works of
modern fiction. There is no living author who has ex.
celled Mr. Banim in a striking portraiture of national
manners as exhibited in the middle and inferior classes of
Irishmen. By no other hand have the powers or infirmities
of Irish nature been more skilfully developed,—no eye
has measured with more searching sagacity the deep
springs of the most tempestuous movements which
characterize the race and agitate the community,
nor have terror, pity, and virtuous sympathy been more
successfully employed by any novelist of the existing gene.
rat,on towards the practical accomplishment of that most
useful end, the exposure of mischievous errors and the
abatement of national animosities It grieves us to be
compelled to add, that this amiably disposed and highly-
s
gifted writer, who has achieved for his name a distinction
o honourable
etya,lebt
wanhdichen,dsuorifanrg,asanredgi.hradss etablishe de r
sagainst
. himself p y
has never been discharged, now lies in a situation too lil.ely
osoci
to determine whether his influence over the benevolent
sensibilities of Englishmen extends beyond the excitement
of a cheap commiseration for ideal suffering, or whether
among the luxuries of affluent fortune and fastidious mt.
shall be nuin. erect that of ministering to a man of worth
and genius, broken down by disappointment, visited by
the Almighty with severe and protracted sickness, corn
mended by his medical friend, on pain of death, to abstaii
from labour,—destitute, helpless, with a wife subdued
by long pressure of calamity, and children crying ft),
the unbought bread. This is no fiction,—this, unhap
pity, is no novel. More minute particulars we shal
not go into, but we have heard enough to justify us in
declaring that it is humanity towards our readers svhiel,
a lone restrains us. Every generous heart will feel th
single fact which we have stated, of Mr. Banim's presen
condition, to be a disgrace to the literary and social cha-
racter of England if it be suffered to continue for another
hour. Appeals to individuals, however liberal and bene-
ficent, would, on such an occasion, be altogether childish.
The embarrassments which imminently endanger the li-
berty of the sick in a strange country (he is at Boulogne)
go at once to the destruction of life. To literary men—
to the patrons of literature—to the rich, and noble, an,
warm-hearted everywhere, we recommend this case wits
cordial good wishes, and not without some confidence.
Messrs. Hoare, in Fleet-street, and Messrs. Hopkinson,
in Regent-street, Waterloo-place, have kindly offend to
receive subscriptions. The lady of Mr. Banira is in town.
and will give acknowledgments for tile souls contributed,
which it is the sincere purpose of Mr. Banjos, if, through
a suspension of toil and sorrow, his health Should be re-
established, to repay in full."

To-morrow.

We can now partly account for the late and sudden
rise in the Funds, which may, to a very considerable ex-
tent, be ascribed to the operations in the money market
by the Bank of England. Two years past, owing to the
failure of Lire harvest, large drafts of bullion were sup-
plied by the Bank of England, and, to counteract its in-
fluence on the Foreign Exchanges, they realised Ex-
chequer Bills to the extent of three millions- Now the
position is reversed. Bullion flows in copiously from
every quarter, and the Bank have been replacing their
Exchequer Bills, which, within a month, has caused a
rise from 20 to 50 per cent premium on bills bearing an
interest of but two pounds 5 per cent annuities.
Another cause fir the rise is, the abstraction of a
large portion of the floating stock from the market for
conversion:into terminable annuities ; and the house having
sold largely beyond the supply of stork at market are
obliged to secure themselves in the best way they can.
The above two causes have given the public great confi-
dence, and occasioned great investments in all descriptions
of stocks.

ribt
.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY '7, 1833.

We refer to the Revenue Account for the
Quarter just ended, by which it appears that the
deficiency is very trifling, being only 29,4731.,
while the increase on the year amounts to
546,1091. This is the more satisfactory, as in
the corresponding Quarter, last year, there was
upwards of 160,0001. collected for candle
duty. The chief articles in which there has
been an increase in the present Quarter are,
Customs, 358,583/. ; Post-office, 10,0001.;
:Ind Miscellaneous, 13,5221. In the Excise
there is a deficiency of 299,0861.; Stamps,
42,815/. ; Taxes, 78,439/. As to the fall-
ing off in Stamps we are not at all sur-
prised, for excessive taxation always defeats
its purpose. However, we need not enlarge
on this topic, now that Lord ALTHORP is
'o make a considerable reduction in the stamp
duty during the ensuing Session.

On Friday last some of the Corporation
worthies of Liverpool gave a dinner to Lord
SANDON in honour, the accounts state, of his
Lordship's return for that borough ; but as we
cannot spare a couple of our columns to the oft
repeated and oft refuted sophisms of this pre-
ter,ded Reformer, we trust our readers will ac-
cept of this substitute for a report. After dinner
his Lordship's health was drank, upon which he
took occasion to state how his supporters (the
Corporation) had succeeded in resisting an at-
tempt to domineer over their great town ; how he
represented their interests because he was not
the organ of the feelings and opinions of a por-
,ion of the community ; how unjustly cor-
ruption had been imputed to his party ;
how he was a Reformer, but was deter-
mined not to go beyond the present Reform ;
how he acted upon the principle of supporting his
Majesty's Government f possible; how he was
cautiously liberal on commercial subjects ; and
how he was willing to go into the question of
Church Reform, but was unwilling to diminish
the Church Revenue, because, he feared, good
man, it was so scanty, that the poor would have
to make it up, whereas it was now contributed
entirely by the rich. If the past conduct and
recorded opinions of Lord SANDON had left us
in any doubt as to his future intentions, that
doubt would be removed by his present decla-
rations. His Lordship in other times would
have been a thick and thin Tory,—a scoffer of
those " farcesp" county meetings,—the admirer

Mr. T. P. COOK closes his engagement on
Tu, sday next, at Covent-t ardt ; after which he proceeds
$9 Liverpool, to peat= at the " Liver" Theatre there.

Miss KELLY intends opening the Strand Thea-
tre on the 19th inst., under the immediate patronage of
his Grace the Duke of DEVONSHIRE,

Consols have been fluctuating considerably during the
morning' : in the early part they were 87i- for the Ac-
count, and went up to 84 ; since which they have again
lowered to 87i i, which is a fall of near one per cent.
This decline is attributed to some of the Bulls realizing a
good profit, as well as a report that the King of Holland
has refused the convention on the part of England and
France.

We have no account of the arrival of the French mail
as yet.

The only speculation in the Foreign Market is in
Dutch Stock, which is 1 percent. lower than on Saturday.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 87i.

We understand thit late on Saturday even-
ing a communication was received at one of
the Embassies from the Hague, stating that the King of
Holland professed a disposition to treat, and that he
would probably accept the proposal to renew the
negotiations, which had been interrupted by the
siege of the citadel of Antwerp ; but that he would annex
so many conditions and reserves to his acceptation of the
proposal as to amount to a refusal.

The LORD CHANCELLOR and his two
brothers, JAAIRS BaOUGHAM, Esq., M.P., and WILLIAM
BROUGHAM, Esq., M.P., are at present on a visit to their
venerable mother at Brougham Hall.—Kendal Chron.

IMPORTANT NEW WORKS.—The following
are announced for immediate publication, by Mr. BENT-
LEY, New Burlington.atreet

LIFE of SIR WILLIAM HOSTE, Bart., by Lady
HARRIET HOSTE, 2 vols.

COLONEL MACKINNON'S NARRATIVE of the
ORIGIN and SERVICES of the COLDSTREAM
GUARDS. 2 voli.

_
111.
DUNLAP'S ANECDOTES of the AMERICAN
THEATRE. 2 vols.

TWO YEARS AND A HALF in the AMERICAN
NAVY ; comprising the Journal of a Cruise to England.
,Ind in the Mediterranean and the Levant, nn hoard of
the United States frigate Constellation, in 1829-30-31.
By E. C. NINES.

V.
The SKETCH-BOOK of FASHION. By the Au
thor of " Mothers and Daughters." 3 vols.

We learn with great satisfaction that Mr.
WESTERN, the late Member for Essex, is to be immediately
raist.d to the Peerage. We hail this as an additional proof
f the cordial good wishes of his MAJESTY to all those who,
ike Mr. WESTERN, have been the stanch advocates to
,he principles and opinions of Ministers. Tlie Toties of
Essex wi►l perceive in this mark of his MAJESTY'S favour
to Mr. WESTERN, that their attachrgent to the inveterate
toes of the Government finds no sympathy in the highest
voter of the State. We nay add, as further evidence of
he disposition of bis MAJESTY to support his present Mi
tigers, and to mark his sense of the conduct of those
who have aided the Ministers in their struggle for th,
teople's rights, that the Marquis of CLEVELAND and thl
Marquis of STAFFORD are to be made Dukes.— Times.

MR. BULWER.—The editor of the New
Monthly Magazine has commenced in the present num
ber of that periodical, a series of papers somewhat simil
in style and design to the " Conversations with an Arnhi-
ions Student," which some months since attracted so
nuch attention. They appear under the name of "Ti ,e
.%lo fern P.atonist," and will endeavour, according to the
writer's declaration to diss.-rt gracefully, and in the un•
oretending tone of a friend, upon some of the grave sub-
jects of human contemplation, calling in the aid of philo-
sophy, poetry, and the milder and more refined letters.

NO. H.
INCOME and CHARGE of the CONSOLIDATED FUND in the

To Cash brought to this Account to
replace the like sum issued, or to
be issued, out of the Consolidated
Fund in Ireland. for Supply and
other Services
To Cash brought to this Account
from the Civil List Supplies, &c

11,749,101

508,794

74,161

10,6u7,9i6

12,332,4156

236,144

10,844,05 f o

Quarters

ided Jan. 5.
