1013ITItT CIRCULAR.

Majestyliis hold a •
p otqicil to-morrow afternoon, Lt
Jam
'hb buChess 'of Rent and the 'Princess Victoria left
tow for 'anterbiiry yesterday morning; Where their Royal
Higline§tadined and Slept., and Will a'rri've at Ramsgate
this forenoon. ,

His Royal Highness the Duke de Nemours, accom-
panied* Count Sebastiani, the French Ambassador, had
nn interview yesterday with Viscouut Melbourne, in Down-
ing-street.
nespatcbes from the Hon. Mr. Bligh, Charge d'Affaires
at St. Petersburgh, were received yesterday afternoon at
the Foreign Office.

The Commander of the Forces arrived in town yesterday
morning.

the Duchess of tent and, the Princess Victoria
left town Ter ranterbury yesterday morning, where their
Royal Highnesses dined efvd slept, and will arrive at Rams-
'gate this forenoon;

DEAF.,,,==-110tit Walmer and Dent Castles, also the
ledgiogailouses on the beaeh, Are now filled with the most
distinguished Nobleft% and the different branches of their
families. Arumigst those illustrious, visitors are his Grace
the Duke 'of Wellington, Lord Maryherough, Earl Rosslyn,
Leta Fitzroy Somerset. the Hon. Charles Arbuthnot, Earl
Delawarr, Sir Hetity Ilardinge, Lord Carrington, Lord
Mahon, Qeloud Owen, &c., who frequently enjoy the
much-admired rides and drives through the neighbouring.
villages, which are interspersed with woods and trees, com-
manding a picturesqUn view of the surrounding country.
improvement is in project which will
matetakki, am to the beauty of the scenery from the
Stites, so far as the dilates near Kew are concerned, and
it is asserted that it proceeded from the suggestions of his
Majesty lahlfself. The heavy looking barricades which ex-
clude the Royal gardens from the public view are to be re-
tueved, and a fosse sunk similar to and in conjunction with
that which elrirts the gardens of his Royal Highness the
Duke of Cumberland.
Kinrara Cottage, the hunting quarters of the Mar-
quis, of Abercorn, in Inverness-shire, is at present full of
company. Among the visitants arc the Duke and Duchess
of Bedford, the Earls of Aberdeen and Wicklow, Lord
Haddo, Captain Balfour, Mr, and Mrs. Edward Ellice, the
Hon. Captain Gordon, &c. The Marquis and Marchioness
depart for Italy about the close of October.
ORANGE LODGE IN THE DEPOT 79TH HIGH-
LANDERs.—From the evidence before the Committee of
the House of Commons on Orange Lodges in the army, it
appears that a lodge was formed in this depot in the year
1827. It is due, however, to the character of the corps to
state—which we do by authority—that, since the General
Order was issued from the Horse Guards, in 1829, prohi-
biting secret societies of a political nature in the army, no
lodge of Orangemen has existed in this depot—the institu-
tion having been formally and effectually suppressed by -an
order from the Commanding Officer, at Burnley Barracks,
on the 28th November, 1829.

WORCESTER CHINA WORKS.--His Royal High-
ness the Duke of Nemours, accompanied by General Bau-
&and, Colonel Boyer, and a Secretary, arrived at the Star

- -
Hotel, Worcester, on Monday afternoon, and, after view-
ing the Cathedral, they visited the ware-rooms of Messrs.
Chamberlain's Royal Porcelain Manufactory, where his
Royal Highness expressed great approbation of the paint-
ing, style, and execution of the porcelain submitted to his
inspection. The pattern of the dinner service made for the
Duke's brother-in-law, the King of Belgium, particularly
attracted his notice ; and the splendid designs of the dinner
and dessert services manufactured for the Duchess of Kent
elicited his Royal Highness's highest encomiums. After
selecting same beautiful specimens, the Duke expressed the
pleasure he felt in going through the same establishment
which his brother the Duke of Orleans had viewed in June,
1829, and regretted that the shortness of his visit pre-
vented his viewing the manufactory. His Royal Highness
afterwards visited the ware-rooms of Messrs. Flight, Barr,
and Barr's Royal Porcelain Manufactory, where he made
some purchases, and was delighted with the specimens ex.
hibited to him. His Royal Highness left Worcester on
Tuesday morning, on his return to London. After a fare-
well visit to their Majesties to Windsor, he will take his
departure for France. The Duke is of rather tall stature,
slim and elegant in person, and remarkably affable and po-
lished in manners.—Stahrordshire Mercury.
THE FUDGES.—the reverend incendiaries and bad

Irishmen, O'Mulligan and Co., endeavoured to scrape to-
gether a few bigotted Scotchmen in the Gaelic Church at
Glasgow, on Thursday last. Their falsehood and calum-
nies on their wretched country, wore ushered in by the
Rev. Dr. Smith, of St. George's, by "an impressive
prayer." The reverend libellers of their father-land thought
one day too short to speak all their malignity, and there-
fore adjourned to the next.

The National Intelligencer says—" The news from
Alabama leaves no doubt of the election of C. C. Clay
(late representative in Congress) to be Governor of that
State. Previous to the election, he had declared his pre-
ference of Judge White for the Presidency, though many
of the friends of Judge White voted for his opponent as
being more decidedly so." The Huntsville Advocate says
—" We have every reason to believe, that a large majority
of the next Legislature will be for White ; and the entire
Congressional Ticket will be of the same political com-
plexion."—New York General Advertiser.
NEGRO PICKED UP AT SEA:—An extract of a

letter received in this city, from Portland, states that a
Guinea Negro was picked up at sea, in the Gulf Stream,
by the schooner Enzeline, at the distance of 640 miles from
Cuba, and brought to that port. He was in a small canoe
and had left Cuba to escape from slavery under a hard
master. He had been from Congo, in Africa, only five or
six months, and was almost exhausted when fallen in with
by the schooner. General Fessenden has taken him into
his family.—Boston Journal.
CHURCH RATES.—Mr. Williams, a Quaker, who
has been imprisoned nearly eight years; has at length been
liberated under the operation of the new law. He was
thrown into Carlow Gaol for refusing to act against his
conscience by paying tithe to the Bishop.
Mr. SHIEL.—The public dinner in Tipperary is to
be given this day to that distinguished and patriotic indivi-
dual. " Than him," says the Tipperary Free Press, in
an eloquent eulogy on the character and conduct of the
Member for Tipperary,—" than the honourable and learned
individual, there arc few, if any, more worthy of the grate-
ful offering of a brave and a distinguished people, who ap-
preciating his worth, and holding in reverential esteem,
talents and public virtues of no ordinary stamp, arc deter-
mined on giving Ireland a proof that they are conscious how
best to acknowledge them. Through the stormy and
troublous period of our chequered history for the last
twenty years, he has shone forth conspicuously. He was
the brightest star next to O'Connell, among the constella-
tion of patriots, who cheered on the often flagging and
wearied band placed under their guidance.
THE AUCTION DUTY.—It was rumoured in the
City yesterday that Government had consented to the re-
peal of this obnoxious duty so far as it concerns estate
sales. Sir Robert Peel first considded the measure as a
Minister preparatory to the removal of the excise duty.
The abolition of the tax will greatly tend to the sale and

purchase of landed property.
ROMAN. MEASURE.—A bronze rule having been
found, while digging in the forest of Maulevrier, near Can-
debec, MM. Jomard and Walcknaer have reported to the
Academies des Inscriptions that it is a Roman foot rule, on
which are marked the various measures in use in the years
253 to 268 of the Roman empire.
YORK FESTIVAL.—The total amount of the re-

ceipts, including donations, &c., was 16,7621. 11s. 6d.
GLOUCESTER FESTIVAL.—The amount of the
receipts was only 2,700/., while the expenses were 3,2001.,
so that there is a deficit of 5001. to be made up by the
stewards. The sum of 6601. 11 s. 10d., collected at the
Cathedral, is not included in the above ; it was presented
to the charity without any deduction whatever. The recent
was the 112th triennial meeting of the Worcester, Glou-
cester, and Hereford choirs.
COPPER MIN ES OF CORNWALL.—The impor-
tance and magnitude of the copper mines of Cornwall
alone, may be gathered from the simple statement, that
within the past ten years no less a sum than 8,053,263/. 13s.
has been realized by their produce, amounting to 1,346,847
tons of ore ; and it is a matter of notoriety, that there are
mines now working, which yield from 30,0001. to 50,0001.
per annum profit to the proprietors.
IRON.—It is not uncommon to case-harden rail-
road plates, by casting them upon a piece of cold iron : this
method, termed chilling, is more especially resorted to in the
casting of cylinders for rolling metal, forge hammer faces,
and common stithies.—Mining Journal.
CeST-IRON.—Sea water, by some unexplained
process, so alters the nature of cast iron, that its cohesion
appears to be quite destroyed. Cannon which have been
fished up, after lying long in the sea, have been found con-
verted through their substance into something resembling
plumbago, and admitting of
.being cut with a knife,
Mining Journal.
The mines in Callington are yielding returns.
Wheal Brothers is perhaps the most extraordinary instance
of even the most sanguine expectations being exceeded.
The circumstance of three men on Saturday last having
brought up 5001. worth of silver, will give some idea of the
" operations."—Mining Journal.
INVERNESS CIRCUIT.—The Circuit Court of
Justiciary was opened at Inverness on Friday morning.
We learn that Adams, alias Anderson, accused of the

Milhuic murder, after a protracted trial, was found guilty.
and sentenced to be executed on Friday, the 16th of
October.

."~

TIE SUN, LONDON, TOES

ÜBLIN.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
" Übi est igitur sapientia judicis? In hoc, ut non solum qua
plssit, set( etimn nuid debeat ponderct ;—nec quantum sibi per.
missum, rttcnilhO !01001; 01911 c9par*§,un

It would be difficult to convey to your English
readers an adequate notion of the intense interest with
which a very large portion of the people here 'too'
forward to the conduct of the Irish thiiiefiftrient during
the ensuing weds. The appointment of at least one
V9Ny at OW disposal of the Lord-
Lieutenant ; and the ninither of candidates is very nu-
merous—l am told, unprecedented. Various causes
are assigned Air this itieteased concourse of thc
membefs of the "inftg robe" to the Castle on this
occasion ; but the principal cause scorns to be—an
opinion, that monopoly of patronage, like all other
monopolies, being about to be discountenanced—merit
stands a better chance of succeeding than heretofore.
Hence a great many Irish barristers, upwards of " six
years' standing," who, in the " olden time," without
the Chancellor's 'or Attorney-General's special pa-
tronage, or a distinct promise from a still more in-
fluential personage, would not venture to expect the
least attention to their applications, are induced to
hope, that, if they can prove themselves to be really
fit and proper persons for such an important office,
they may have as good a chance as their brethren.
Whether this opinion be well founded or not, I cannot
ascertain, but it certainly does prevail to a very great
extent ; and, when coupled with the delay, on the part
of the Government, of coming to a decision, seems not
improbable. Indeed, more than one of the candi-
dates have, within the last week, intimated that his
Excellency and Lord Morpeth feel embarrassed as to
the selection which they ought to make out of such an
abundant supply of judicial fabric. There is no lack
of recommendation for talent, integrity, and legal ex-
perience, sufficient for the discharge of a duty which;
in any country, ought to be discreetly and honestly
provided for ; but which -in Ireland is, for many rea-
sons, one of greater importance, than those even of the
higher Judges : for the jurisdiction of the Assistant
Barrister, or County Judge, in this country, extends
over the property and liberty of thousands of his Ma-
jesty's subjects, to whom an appeal to a higher tri-
bunal would, in very many instances, on account of
their,poverty, be tantamount to a denial of justice;
and as the impartial and efficient administration of
justice is a remedy, above all others, calculated to
soften down the asperities generated in the minds of
the people, by ages of neglect or misgovernment, the
duty now devolving on the Earl of Mulgrave, or any
other reforming viceroy, is both solemn and arduous.
His Excellency must necessarily be, as a stranger,
uninitiated in the practice of the profession, incapable
of choosing by his own judgment, however acute and
deliberate it may be, the most,fit and proper persons
out of a multitude of claimants. And, if. the particular
favourites of the high legal functionaries, or of the
other influential personages who have access to the
Lord-Lieutenant, or Chief-Secretary, cannot be
guaranteed by their patrons as the most eligible
amongSt a crowded profession, how are our rulers to
decide on the best mode of rendering the appoint-
ment most serviceable to the community? All these
considerations ought to be well weighed before a step be
taken, which will be looked upon as strongly indicative
of the principles and tone of the present Government.
There is another difficulty too. The Irish Bar is ne-
cessarily, for the most part, Tory. It could not be
otherwise, from the long sway of that party in Ireland,
and the great patronage held forth to a body the mem-
bers of which are eligible to more places of profit and
respectability than those of the English or Scotch bar,
and consequently the temptations to shape their poli-
tics according to the " Powers that be" much greater.
There are, however, many liberal and staunch Whigs,
both Protestant and Catholic, besides these, whom the
circumstances of the last 'four years have inclined to
make claims—and very speciously too—as friends to
Reform. All these are now to be distinguished- ac-
cording to their real merits, in order to select the one
whose good sense, legal attainments, and political
principles, untainted by either of the.would-be ascen-
dant factions, recommend him best to adjudicate be-
tween the poor generally, but not unfrequently between
the rich and the poor of this country. The Govern-
ment, notwithstanding the best intentions, may not be
able to distinguish the most worthy of the whole num-
ber ; but it is expected that he whose good character
is best known to the Law Officers will be appointed,
and that, by such appointment, the Government will
have approximated, as much as in them lay, to the
most effectual means of ameliorating Ireland. Two
or three vacancies are spoken of, and may probably
very soon take place ; but as yet, Government has
only to dispose of the Chairmanship of Tipperary,
worth upwards of 1,0001. a-year. The great public
interest excited on the occasion arises, however, from
the expectation that three would have been disposable
at the same time, and that Earl Mulgrave would be
afforded an opportunity of corroborating the very high
opinion entertained of his policy towards Ireland, by
his discrimination in selecting persons most fit for
such situations.
