I<ENOVATEI) HEALTH.

TT has been too frequently the subjeti of just and
I. general reprobation, that iron destitute ofthe elements of
the medical art have offered thentselves as cadtlidates for
public pat ronage in the prott-ssion of physic. For the purpose
of doing Justice to the result of our studies and experience,
to prevent us front being classed among those empirics whose •
imprudent pretensions have, unfOrtunately foi- society; been
toolavourably received, we beg leave to submit to the liberal
and enlightened a faithful stateinent-of our pursuits and ac-
quirements. After having received a regular medical educa-
tton the .pupils of Messrs. Grindeli and Blizard, whose
ledures and practice we•carefully attended, as professors and
surgeons of the London' Hospital; we entered ourselves as
students in that justly celebrated school for medical acquire
ment, the Royal College of Edinburgh, and were instructed
in the different branches of anatomy,,surgery, the theory and
radice of physic, chemistry, midwifery, botany, &e. &c,
by those eminent professors, i)rs., Moons, Gregory, Black,
Hamilton, Duncan and RutherfOrd. We trust we shall not
be deemed presumptuous in saying that our proficiency and
acquirements are not inconsiderable. Having for along series
di years made Venereal Complaints, and the various disease:
of Debility, the particular objectof our studies and practice,
it will, we hope, be allowed that we have acquired superior
knowledge of their treatment and cure. In slight and recent
cases of Thledion a perfect re-establishment is completed in
the short period of two days ;, and in those of ;the utmost in-
veteracy, where other praditiont.rs have • failed of success, a
proper perseverance in our plan of treatment ensures to the
patient a safe and miical cure.
Amidst the melancholy variety of disorders which arc the
effects of a habit long and most unhappily pursued by tht
youth of both SeXes,-til3re are none more alarming or more
distressing than those deficiencies and debilities which fre-
quently prevent or embitter the matrimonial state. To such
persons it must be a consolation to know that they may now,
byai new and infallible mode of treatment, be ,restored to that
greatest of all human blessings, --a -strong, manly, and vigor-
ous constitution. In all eases from whatever
cause arising, as well as in every species of venereal intention,
we may be consulted by patients of either sex with the great-
est secrecy and honour. Hours o consultation at home from
ten to three,.and from+ in the evening till io at night. • -
Patients in the country tie requested to state the particu-
lars of their case, age, and,geoeral habit of living, &c. ,arc. in.
closing a remittance tor advice and medicines, when the Sent
will be given, or sent to any part of the itiiigdorn...To ensure
• that secrecy so esiential to our undertaking, the postage of
Letters may be added to the account for inedi
CV it R 1 and Co. Surgeons, No: to 7, I atton-garden .

Net s. Currie.eind Co. have Certiticates from the
above respectable- I.)rofesors of London and I,,diithurgh, for
the diligence, skill, and humanity, with which they pa-
tcertwi the duties assigned them during the Ill Ate they at-
te3dea their Lettures arid Vrattice.

To the RIGHT HOA, SPEACE;:i PEACE/aL,

svz.

&c &c.

Imismuch as the POi'ion (rbin tho Roman CA-
shorn% b • ~tktnl intt) c,)tt,id-ra-
tiott by the Pirliafneut •the U Kingdom, (thia
pr.trer o' wilier), it irtntej, +.•.otti,t -mike' at th. vi y
yd.'s -of that Cottsii utio thy of which
e'en the (-,'j ,y); e,er). Pro-.
;eslant-whn thinks he c,. ;1,,y tight ui#on ttle
is-htevoqi tynde:wy ti.on-Of, ay .dop.qs. progies,
should exttrt tor o."i'ypur, .wtvcr
buinbld•and ino.liqate thy may he: . '
Ot tliii•deseription do I consid;r thost which.l
nossyss ; but a 9 sotro pot ts may have struck me,

Sir,wti;ch may havc.tescled the ob,ervati,,a of abler
torn, and 23 great things often grow out of scoali

beginnings, s: do 1 thus colninTc try lismigklt, tti
paper, end addre:-gs them IR you, under whow to 4.

care, if they are worthy of not.iCe; they may
be iMproved to the support of that Cause, watch,
with ;o Much honour &!:.t creclit to yours,:lf, and
much a,lvAntage to the Church and State; •)013 uave
hitherto so ithfy defended.
In cAlling, your atteton to this-subj-el, I shall
firi.J'rennirk t liigh tone-in which, the _Peljtion is
co:,ceived, which carries- With 'inoie the :Ippear-
ance- Of a,demand than of a_regnest, for they do not
attempt to disguise that what they ask for (Cathohc
4tnancpation, as they term itx or, as one of their
lawt ors, I.bditve, st)led it, EtnAncipation from
Slavery) they cOnsider they have a legal 1s well as a
natural rightio..
That as suldeas to the same Sovereign Prince,
they (night b tie Some claim to the latter, I am- ri..ady
tp adaTt, htit to the, twiner, they can have no
prettnsiOili Whatet,:ri unless they hist subvert those
laws on which the' C6r.Stiiution itself is founded .-,
for the sifety "an'd preservation of which," in all its
splendour, tht'.Ptufe:.sx3 of the 'Roman Catholic
religion, by the'veisdoin of our ancestors, were ex-
cluded.

But, waving all • fintlier argumont .lion on she
questton.of tiglu, I shall proceed to consider it: 4s a
(.vistion of policy, in dolog shall tioti;:e tile-,
several teasom aci-vanced by the Petiti-ners to
the Legillitture ,to think tilt.), may accede -to !Lc...
Prayer of theiPetit',on, wiihout the
'Constitution.; and as..l go along, 'I shall eitckavour
Io refute them.

One of those reasons which 'first occurs, and on
which they lay. much •stiels, is that wherein they •
state that, in point of pllsical nymbers, theplar
exceed the Protestants ; and that those iats,,s a 11,01
operate to their exclusion
,front ad the be;.t tr i
or oio Con•rtiltliiol,, .;10 titjtist and scvete, and
therefore ought to be ; epealed.—However rlausible
this argument may, at firs!, appear, it will be seen,
on reflection, to b: aslalse as it is futile.---It is true,
before the Union, it might have had its weight,
when England and Ireland were two separate king-
doms, but since their incorvration, the Protestant
Church, in both having become thereby identified,
their reasoning falls to the ground ; •for, instead of
reckoning with the Petitioners one million., of Pro-
testants (the . number they allow us in Ireland),to
six millions of Roman Catholics, we are to add the
Protestants.ot Great: Britain, and then the scale wduld
preponderate in our 'favour, att.(' our physicals woLld
. more than double theirs.
Another ground on which they I ly claim to the
indolgence, (or rather, as they tel sit, tie justice of
the Legislature, is,,that whilst they ask for the'en-
joyMent of political rights,,,and the exerLise of poli-
tical power,, in common with the Protestants,. they
do not desire to trespass on, or interfere whit the
ecclesiastical, end, of cOurse, that.the Coureh.coi.ild
be brought into no danger by the concession.. Num
this I tot-illy deny;
,for the Church and the State are
so connected, fortunately so interwoven, they ',mist
stand or fall together ; and if it should e, et happe.n,
s.vlich God forbid, that the Roman Catholics l!oulti.,
obtain a footing in the State, will any' Irian brso
credulous as Iti suppose they would not endeavour
'to use their political power to the subversion of tho
.ecclesiastical'? If they did otherwise, they would act
a part differing -from what they have,
.ever dospe;
wh, never opportunity offered for its exercise.
With the present illustrious race that now grace
the throne, there would be as much security in ac-
quiescing in t base. demands, as the nature of Ina
case would admit ; but the Legislature_ is to guard
!against-all future possibilities that might lead to tins
destrupinn of that. Constitution,_ which secured to
us the rights and blessings, which, even in the
present state of the world, we yet enjoy, Aid
one of those possibilities is by nu means impios.
Liable to occur, by_ the suttessiin to the Crown de-
volving. on a female ; who though, by nature,
highly aid t mitten+ ly gifted,i both in disposition and
talent 4., and those talents improved to the highest
state of perfection, yet as it is got every woman
that is endowed with the firmness of dn .P;li'zabeifs,
tltu amiable disposition and nature of al,: present
illustrious female might be imposed on, and give
way to the Machin it ons of jesuit tez,d inirigue, should
her COitIICUS be ever tainted by the admission of
Iltomait Catholic Members.
. . Besides, trough ps• indiVidnals I base much re-•
,spect for many of the Pt tiiioners, and IA 0611-.givei
them ready credit for arty assertion 111 Ide in the
common ncerirrences of life, yet, as a body, %t Ilea
their interests, civil or ecaesiasticai, conic intil con-.
isideration, I ail free to confess I would not prce
any dependence on their assurances, especially sviAm
those of their Church ate concerned; becathe, , by
the principles and tenets of t lick religion, they aye
bound to endeavour a: the promotion ut its inter.-stS,
even to the ruin of ushers, and to use. Inch utmost
efforts to make pFoselyiesthereto upon everv-,p,s-
bible occasion' . And who is there thai c shewr
. , that they ever lost an odporthniry thit pr-•t-ti _•(1 it-
self to effect those _purposes ? Li ii:011-, as . e;i iis
modern times, ptovt the cout!aiy.. buts nut tt.ex

resistance- to the Veto alsci erve.to convince every
unprejudiced man that they thereby acknowledge a_
Power superior to their rightftil Soveretge, whom
they must obey ? Is it not, therefore, natural to
cnr•clude that they would employ whatever influence
they might possess to the ath'encing and the pro'
moting of teet reiigion,' to • whose supreme head
they pay such oh, ? So long as this resistance
is upheld, so lung must the Petitioners be consider-
. ed, ,crording- to then erieinal desidiation, as Pa-
pists ;- being thus completely !hider papal influence,
and then-tore not emit lei to .their preseUt assumed
appellation of Catitolics. Nay, , whit reliance or
—dependence could be placed on the obligations of
the professore of any religion, where the superiors
of u ditfeted in their opinion (It its fundamental
principles; for so it is, their hierarchy, in one part
of the United Kingdom, agreeing in the possibility of
• acquiescing in the Veto, consistent with the principles
of their Church, whilst in the other part, they as
stubbornly and determinedly deny it, as do all its
IJ:tv. •' • •
But even suppose those chaippions of CathOlre
Emancipation were to wheel about a second time,
and to say, thatehe Petitioners were now ready to
concede the Veto, I would ask those supporters of
these assumed rights, where is there. to be found_
an. guarantee, on the part of the Rum-in Catholics, .
for- their stria performance of the supposed contraet
to b+ entered into, or what person is there among
them, or what poser to authorize any riegociation
to be undertaken, or with whom it would be safe
for, or that the Legislature could enter into any
compact ?
Here it may be observed, that, on the very score
of loyalty, on which they found another claim for
admission into the State, they have furnished their
opponents wi h a ready answer, arising out of that
very Petition ; for, insthit they boldly avow, that
those of their persuasion who-are fighting our bat-
tles, are acting more from constraint than`from
leg, Or their being zealous in the cause, and that till
the boon they ask for is granted, united, vigorous,
and general co-operation cannot be expeeled, nor,
, will it be called forth. Is this a proof of loyalty ?
Again, they say they are entitled toa complete re--
peal ef the Penal Seitutes, because they have ac-
quire ed in every-act required by the Legislature,
exeept tee hiking of an oath, which, by the tenets
of their religion, it is incompatible to take; to
which might it not be re -lied with great truth and
jnteiree edar acitnissien, Gentlemen, to the exer-
xise ref even political power is incompatible with the
Laws of the Land, and with the Letter of the Con-
' slim ion, without taking of that, oat ii ; an oath which
every Protestant Must take before he can be entitled
to the- enjoyment of those privileges which you
claim."—Are the Romah Cat hole s, 1 would ask
their most streneous advocates, so immaculate as to
be trusted with the reins of Government. without
_that bond, and the ProtestantS not so ? What is
there in the Roman Catholic Religion, its tenets or
its principle:, that can inspire or authorise such coh-
fi 'ence ? Or, where is the State; partaking of the
councils of persors professing a religien differing
from that of the eslabliihed one ? Or, ate they so
much puter, an:l more attached than the Protestant
Dissenters, that they are to be admitted to all the ad-
van t.rges of the Conseil tioiewit hoot complying with
what is required by that very. Constitution, bud the
otheis still to be kept without its pale ? Do the Ro-
man Catholics iinigine,that, if the prayer of their Pe-
tit n w :s granted, the Dissenters world sit tamely
by, and not demand a participation of those rights
anki inente itics s hich were granted to their Roman
Catholic-Biethren ? And, are they yet to learn
that the Legislatureahav'e ever resisted the repeal of
those Test Law., even when the supposed propriety,
and justice, and the avowed safety to the Constitu-
Gni in so deing,wassoabls and so repeatedly handled
by that great Statesman, the late Mr. Fox ? How,
thettecae the Roman C.itholice hope or expeet that
the Legislature, upon any footing of justice or se-
curity, will ) field to them what has been so reso-
lutely refused to, even, the Protestant Dissenter ?
Supposing, however, that the Legiidattire might
be.so imposed upon by their specious and sophistical
reasonings, as to accede to the expeaations of the
Rom in Catholics, let me ask the Gentlemen of that
eersteision, by what standard they judge of the feel-
ings of the Protestant nobility and geetry at large ?
it cannot-be by their own ; for if they are sore, as. it
is very evident they are, npontthe point of their ex-
clesion from those rights which the Protestants en-
joy, it must naturally oecor to them, if they relied
at all, how degraded the latter must appear to their
own ey-se and that of surrounding nations, if, after
having d reeted the affairs of State for above a cen-
t tery, with honour
,and credit to themselves, and se-
cut ity and advantage to these kingdoms, they were
obliged to yield that rower to those of an opposite
persuasion ; to those, who, by the repeal of those
laws, which they require, would be entrusted with
the management of ,he affiirs of the realm, without
entering into that covenant, matte a necessary quell-_
fication at the Revolution ; whilst the-protestant, to
Continue in that power and state of pre-e:Minence he
has so- long c usidereil almost as his birth-right,
must enter into an aetual, solemn security, for his
perseverance in that fil, lity and attachment to the
Clown Which he has observed -his whole life through?
Human nature never could stoop to this.
- There ease it is true, been an attempt, in one
part of the United Kingdom, to procure a Petition
• from the Pro estants in favour of the Roman Catho-
lic claims, and which Petition, though formed in
• rnhchief, the endeavour to effect a separation
amongst the Protest:it ts, I am happy to say has-
failed of i:a intended objoa ; lor, compared with
, the great body of the Protestants, the. names that
are annexed to it are but few in number. Some
of those a ho have affixed their signatures are men
of no weight, and of little property : others have
signed it from party motives, and some again in or-
der to secure their future return to Parliament from
those counties where the Roman Catholics have a
preponderance; and many more, with shame do I
avow it, who, in: their hearts, do not wish success
to the measure, from timidity, and a supposition,
that, by such temeorizing condu6l, a yielding to the
demands of the Roman Catholic s, peace arid quiet
would be established in Ireland : but these latter are
shallow de-tarcily politicians ; for, in my mind, so
far from quieting, at least if we are to judge from
experience (and what better criterion can we resort
to), the Petitioners would become more troublesome
and arrogant in their demands. If' they were not
immediately put into places of trust and power, their
,stutettious principles would break forth, and they

would not scruple to arraign both the Executive and
the Legislature, which, they would, say, had amused
them, by ostensibly granting them favours (or m-
iller, to speak in their own phraseology), their just
and unquestionable rights, of w4sich •it never was
their intenuon.they s,-ould Profit, or ever, in the
remotest degree, participate. This is a dedudion.
that follows. most justly, from their never yet hav-
ing been satisfied, notwithstanding 'all, the indul-
gences they have received during the reign of our
beloved and'venerable King ; but, becoming proud
and aspiring by every concession, they have been
led, clamorously, to demand what, at 'one time,
they kt 01)id most submissively have sued for.
But what would they. think, if, by persevering in
their indecorous and threatening style of rernon-,
strance, they should, at length, arouse and aWaken ,
the hitherto patient and torbearing feelings and,
sptrikof the entire body of the Protestants of the
Reilm, and make them send in counter-petitions to
both Houses of Parliament from every quarter of the
United Kingdom ; a measure which they have
heretofore refrained from, merely because of that
confidence they have ever placed in the integrity,
the honour, the good sense, and virtue of the here-
ditary Counsellors of the Crown and of the Repre-
sentatives of the People.
But, Sir, if you and men like you, of proved
integrity and unshaken firmness, continue your
exertions in support of the Constitution (and who
can doubt your doing so) no such application to Par-
liament for its protedion will be•requisite, or will
be resorted to ; but 'resting in security, it will bid
defiance to all the arts or intrigues of fadious or am-
bitious men, to destroy it. And every true Protest
taut, recollecting iliat by the glorious tevcdution
he was freed from Popery, slavery, and arbitrary
power, and introduced thereby to that happy state
of security for our freedom and our religion, which
we now enjoy under the Illustrious House that at
present grace the Throne, will rally round that
Throne, and round that„Pillar of Liberty, erected at
that very revolution, and • will support both at no
less expense or price, if necessary, than that of .his
life and his property ; not suffering himself to be
carried away by the-sophistry of artful designing
men, but raking you, Sir, for his example, he will
stand fast in the post of duty, and sacrifice, I re-
peat, every interested, private feeling and considera-
tion to the good of his country and to the protedion
And support of the Constitution In
CHURCH AND STATE.

MAILS.
Ari R 1V613-1 Heligoland, r Dublin, r Waterford.
Dos—l Malta, s Dublin, t Waterford.

PRICE (r STOCK 5.;.
THIS DAY Ai Tw,t.vto'cLocK.
Consols. - - 6oi I Navy 5 per Cent.

THE SUN.

SOIALM QUIS DICIRS IAI.SUM AUDEA ?

L 0 N D 0 N,

MONDAY, APRIL !-20., 1812,

FLAG OF TRUCE.

913 i

Our Readers will see by the following letter, that

Dispatches have been received from the French

Emperor by a flag of truce. We are of course un-
acquainted with the nature of these Dispatches, but

in all probability they contain one of those insidious

propositions which he has often made before, not,

we should think, with the hope of deluding the
British Governinent, but for the purpose of im-
posing upon the unfortunate people over whom lie
