NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

H.M.S. Pallas, 42, Captain W. H. Dixon, arrived on
Monday from the Mediterranean, having sailed from
Malta on the Qd of February, leaving H.M.S. Mada-
gascar, H.M.S. Pelican, 18, Commander J. Gape, and
R deigh, 18, Commander A. M. Hawkins, at anchor
then.. The Parmelia transport also sailed from Melte
on the 2nd of February, having on board for this port the
head-quarters of the 80th Regiment from Corfu. H.M.S.
Blonde, 46, Captain E Lyons, had arrived at Malta, from
Alexandria. having on. board Sir J. Malcolm, who came
overland from Bombay. H.lll S. Ferret, 10, Com-
mander Edward Wodehouse, sailed from Malta, on the
20th of January for Alexandria, with despatches.
Rainbow; 28, Captain Sir John Franklin, carried t'ae
mail from the Meteor to the Admiral, who was at Salamis,
his flag flying in H.M.S. Britannia, 120, Capt. W. J. H.
Johnston., with H.M.S Scylla, 18, Commander J.
Hindmarsb. H.M.S. Wasp, 18, Commander B. Popham,
sailed from Malta the 2d of February, to cruise off the
It ilian shores, first visiting Leghorn. His Majesty's ships
Alligator, 28, Capt. C. P. Yorke, and Philomel, 10, Com-
mander C. Graham, were at Smyrna. His Majesty's
ships Melville, 74, Capt. C. J. W. Nesham, Procris, 10, Com-
mander W. T. Griffiths, (acting), and Musquito, were at
the lonian Islands. His Majesty's ships Mastiff; 6, Lieut.
Commander W. J. Cooling, and Meteor, 8, Commander
R. Copeland, were at Negropont. There were no foreign
ships of war at Malta. At Poros a Russian line-of-battle
ship arrived on the Bth of January from Napoli di Ro-
mania, having on board Count Capo d'lstiia, who was
visiting the different parts under his government. The
Naval Hospital at Malta is a very magnificent building,
it was fortnetly the residence of Lucien Baonaparte,
but has since been fitted as a hospital, and is now
nearly completed, and what is rather extraordinaary,
under the estimate expenses which were allow. el fur it.
Athens was to be given up by the Turks to the
Greek Government on the 2.1 of January. Owing to the
large number of Turkish noble families leaving that place,
property was remarkably cheap, the Turks siding their
splendid palaces and grounds fir what they could gat._
Sir Pulteney Malcolm had purchased a fine
with the intention of converting it into the residence of
our Ambassador to the Gre, k Government. The Captain
and Secretary had likewise laid out money on the same
lands, which were being plaited and well cultivated. The
Greeks were becoming more submissive to the Govern-
ment, but the officers were crying out for their pay, which
from the small revenue collected, it is almost impos,ible
to pay. The Pallas arrived at Gibraltar on the l2th of
January, and sailed again on the 16th, (not having re-
ceived pratique,)in company with his Maj s'y's ship Glou-
cester, 74, Captain F. H. Coffin, which ship parted com-
pany off Cape B*. Vincent on the following day. The Pallas
brought home 290 men, women, and children of the 90th
Regiment. This is a part of the R gimeat that eve} a keel
at Corfu about three-toon.lis ag,. oa board the Countess of
Harcourt teat ',Hart, which was driven on shore a few days
after h• r hepartt r on the island of Sicily, and who it ss ill
to etc lected, w,r, taken to Malta in the Madagascar.—
During the passage et the Pallas down the 'Mediterranean,
a number of the crew and troops on board were attacked
with a fever of an inflammatory nature, attended pith
affection of the chest, which soon yielded to the usual
means of treatment. Upwards of on! been lred (seamen
and soldiers), had been affected, but in no one instance
did it prove fatal, and they arrived with only thirteen on
the list, and those fast recovering. Ti e medical officers
on board did not conceive the fever contagious. The Pallas,
however, as a necessary precaution, was placed under qua-
rantine at the Motherhank, but was liberated, by Order
Council,ninvdoinid,,NVf7retestifiaeys.quTatd.eroPna,l,lansoliffiascebrrnofugthhet
Rh of,r)n,
ael
lion u rte
Marines of his Majesty's ship Alligator. Mr. Green, purr
of the Philorne', and two servants and the effects of the
late Captain Sir Rob rt Spencer of the Madagascar. Mr.
Brydon, of the Admiral's office, had replaced Mr. Green
a purser on board the Philornel.

POLITICAL SERVILITY A CENTURY AGO.
—ln the " Marclunont Papers," just published, are sere.-
ral letters of the ct-lehrated SARAH, Dueheds of Marl.
borough, wife of the famous Duke. From one of these
letters, dated March 3, 1742, and addressed to the Etri
of MARCHNIONT, we extract the following picture of the
servility of public men. '• lam glad," says the old Dowager,
" you had any success in the House of Lords; and as you
area very young man, it may naturally make you hope
that things may happen to grow better; but if they do
not, it is certainly right to do all in one's power-that -can
e intribute to it; but, for my own part, I thiuk if we
could get the better of the tyrants and fools that have Si)
near brought this country to as history, ewes an
account of the thirty tyrants, those that are honest woo/,-/
not be better for it; at least it appears so to me, by all
that has been done by the changes in the last Scheme,
when the patriots joined with the Court. Much the
greatest part of England are ignorant an I poor; and it
must be equal to them who governs. Those that have
fortunes worth preserving are such knaves and fools, that
to get more they have shown they will hazard the losing
of all."

THE MURDER AT BETIINAL.GRE•e,N.—
Yosterday SAMITL DEXTER, eon to the deceased, and a
person named CLARK, who had been in custody since the
evening before, were placed at the bar before Ilipssrs.
HARDWICK, WYATT, and WALKER, the Magistrates at
Lambeth-street, din-get' on suspicion with being concerned
in the murder of E IZABETH MARKHAM, the outline of
which appeared in The Sun of yesterday. The prisoners
were remanded until Monday. DEXTER, who is the sea •
of the deceased by a former husband, is a stout.si-t
under the middle-size, about forty years of age, with
most ferocious countenance. During the ezantinatir:u, he
stared about the office in a very wild manner, and kept
c,ntinually wringing his hands.

THE RAIL-ROADS IN learn
from the Baltimore Aigerican, that the snow which fell
on Sunday night, an,l Monday morning, although it was
ten or twelve indict in depth, presented no obstruction
whatever to the regular and ordinary operations of the
Baltimore and Ohio Rail-road. " The simple and econo-
mical machine of contrivance which was brought to act so
efficiently last winter was again applied, on Monday
morning, with complete success. By the aid of a Single
,
horse attached to the machine, the rails were cleared of the
snow with ease and expedition, and the carriages were
enabled to prosecute their trips as usual. These repected
trials show that a rail-road offers the important advantage
of a certain and uninterrupted communication throughout
al seasons, and that it is as little affected by the frost and
snows of winter as by the draughts of summer."—Netts
York Paper.

It may without hesitation be said that no book
of ylr4ges and travels ever written has been a greater
favourite among the female class of readers, than "
Colonel ELWOOD'S Overland Journey to India," Tie
account of her enterprising travels, during which she
passed through regions never before traversed by any Eu-
ropean woman, will be perused with curiosity. The in -
pressions which the sight of an English lady fur the first
time :nada on the natives of Egypt, Arabia, &c. together
wish the adventures to which her appearance gave rise.,
are recounted with much ttoiretel and liveliness by the fatr
authoress, whose details are, in all respects, character:sed
by the merit and attraction of p.rfect novelty,
DISCORD IN THE ORCHESTRA...--A concert
was lately given at Chowbent, in Lancashire, o place
famous for the broadness of its dialect. The best truhical
'went in the country was engaged; and it was :13 11
matter of courts Stipulated in their engagement, that they
were tclhv provided with refreshments. The matter went
til emremely well. The cot: pony assembled were metted,
snore with the concord sweet sound., others with the
heat of the over ctvwded room. The musicians, how-
ever, as the wining advanced, began to feel rather atil:lotra
about th 4 substantials; for alas ! they felt that, though
sbr4oyr'irm'yi eufsomi
music,
ytfloiberye the stomach; ilsidteontfisonoa:tekabh:ufho:
i:)aplnve:e:ll:llo.eeat:rhp',a's it,t,thhi tetaltt.l3Torutoiligive.
eletysdtowhul
e'eburyiete
ibiverynveuarl
meant his fiddle-
sssb
o:nrialuE lepgnt Onmh:ee. rrwl
about:
beganet prU e
bassoonsh tremendously. ndously.
agpt:irifaois,relianhteerivcod,
raTetachl declared e
ll'evndmo
nit: that
}:t playerwhich
f,l a,
gio tenet
aeu
tyl
cease to play ka.-;."
The tilt
r.
convincing proof that, though his stomach wanted food.
Ihe Was not quite out of wind. All harmony was
emotesuspended. They Ca 3 and. all threatened to play the devil,
if their wishes Were not complied with. The toaster of
the ceroconzies waited upon them and requested to know
the 4 pleasure. "We want something to eat r' They ex-
claimed in concert. " You shall hey it thereckly,"
" And I want to wet my whistle," said the iiiothoy
player. " There's a tub o'waither th' bock yard, a:e'
awl send t'lad to wet it you." They now expected mete
moment to le called out to Some such il.,!mg as a firm piee..
tzifiibnege;f, and,
their perhapssupper awma
si mighty
iu,ngto.ht.
thia,lee.ofilhlrl7yu.
what was it, think you?
tTah smoking-hotte:ke e were
hs .
h ant,fig
handed round
ipuddings,.ae fingers.
eachah"ur inaddiavvigdeu a II
Taes (o' fb
ekti

iritr.:TlNGS IN SUPPORT OF

HIS MAJESTY'S MINISTERS.

D 0 VER.

A general meeting of the inhabitants took place this morning
at the Guildhall, at which the Mayor presided, and which was
very numerously and very respectably attended, for the purpose
of addressing his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament on the
1 important measure of Reform now submitted to their considera-
tion by his Majesty's Ministers. Nothing could exceed the una-
nimity of the meeting. An address to his Majesty, expressive of
the gratitude of the town for his gracious sanction of the mea-
sure, and petitions to both Houses of Parliament praying that it
may be passed into a law, were carried without a dissentient
voice. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for his conduct on the oc-
casion was passed unanimously, and it was then proposed that
three hearty cheers for our good King should be given before the
Meeting separated. This was so enthusiastically adopted that
the old hall quite rung with the cheering. The result of this
meeting may be the more considered, as it is calculated that at
least one half the resident votes will, if the measure passes as
new proposed, be eventually reduced.

CORDWAINERS' WARD.
A requisition, signed by thirty-one inhabitant householders of
Cordwainers' Ward, having been presented to their Alderman
(Mr. Christopher Smith), begging him to convene a meeting of
the Ward, to consider the propriety of a public declaration of ap-
proval of the plan of Reform proposed by his Majesty's Mini-
sters, he has been pleased to decline it in the following terms :
" Gentlemen,—l had the honour to receive, on Saturday
your requisition, desiring me to convene a meeting of the inha-
bitants of the Ward, to consider the propriety of a public decla-
ration of approval of the plan of Retbrm proposed by his Ma-
jesty's Ministers.
" Believe me, Gentlemen, nothing can be more painful to my
feelings than to be under the necessity of refusing to comply
with the wishes of so many respectable inhabitants of the Ward
Ihave had so many years the honour of presiding over, and my
reason I will shortly state :—I am no enemy to Reform, and
many parts of the Minister's plan I approve, but some of the pro-
visions of the measure I condemn as arbitrary, unjust, and un-
called for—that of interfering with the rights and privileges of
the citizens of London, which, when I was admitted to the free-
dom, I was sworn to protect and preserve. How, then, can I
tow my aid to an act, the object of which is to annihilate those
immunities and privileges our ancestors so many years en_
joyed.—l have the honour to remain, Gentlemen, your faith-
Ail servant, (Signed) " C. SMITH."
" Adam-street, March 7.
" Messrs, Hamm, Nelson, &c.
. .

On receipt of this letter the reqUisitionists themselves pub-
lished a hand-bill, inviting the inhabitants to meet this day.

SHEFFIELD.
(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.)
According to the resolution passed at the meeting on Monday,
the petition to the House of Commons, and the addreSs to the
King, were to remain for signatures till this evening (March 9).
Such has been the enthusiasm of he people that ten thousand
have already signed, and many more would have added their
names if the time had been prolonged. The petition, however,
goes off tonight, and as a meeting of the requisitionists is called
to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, for the especial purpose of request-
ing our worthy chief Magistrate, Hugh Parker, Esq. and M.
Ellison, Esq. to present the same to his Majesty, as a deputation
from the inhabitants of Sheffield, we have no doubt of the motion
being unanimously carried. We have long been engaged in the
political arena of England, but never at any period did we wit-
ness such unanimity among all classes. Poor Mr. Duncombe—
the Honourable, as he is called—must come no more to the
West-Riding of Yorkshire. The last time he addressed us was
in Bermer's Pool. He promised that Reform, the corn laws,
slavery, and, indeed, every vital question should have his best
consideration. Best consideration will not do now-a-days. On
that occasion he was surrounded by many gentlemen who be-
lieved him sincere, who were however to be seen in the ranks of
the reformers on Monday last. The master cutler who presided
at the meeting was Mr. Duncombe's right hand man when he held
forth to the freeholders of the district; but it appears that even
his eyes are opened to the corruption of the times, and that best
consideration will do no longer. There must be something more
than consideration : there must be talent—there must be decision
—there must be no evasion ; in short, there must be honesty.
Therefore, as our excellent and honourable representative has
declared himself against the united efforts of his constituents,
they say, one and all, at least in Hallamshire, that he must come
no more to this town.
We cannot conclude this communication without noticing the
universal approbation which your extraordinary exertions re-
ceive in all public rooms. The spirit of the evening's debate is
anticipated, and the result argued upon, from your second edi-
tion, which generally arrives here soon after two o'clock. An
sooa as it is opened, the cry is, "Let us have thesecond edition."
In many places, especially in old Coxon's, a regular party meet
to hear the result of your indefatigable labours in catering for
the public taste—and these labours, we are proud to say,are duly
appreciated. In ancient times, our hemisphere, at this season,
used to be enveloped in clouds and smoke, the sun seldom ever
appearing in the horizon—but now, thanks to the school-
master, The Sun may be seen at an early hour in the afternoon,
with the preceding evening's debate in the British House of
Commons—a fact unparalleled in the annals of the press.
(From another Correspondent.)
Two addresses have been agreed to unanimously at a meeting
of at least 9,000 of the inhabitants of this town, held on Monday
in the imblic square, at twelve o'clock. I never, in my life, beheld
so enthusiastic a demonstration of public feeling on the all-ab-
sorbing question now agitating in the Commons. There was not
•ne dissenting voice. 'The meeting lasted two hours and a halt;
and broke up with three times three cheers for the King, and
three times three for Reform, end a general groan for our
County Member, Mr. Duncombe, who will meet with a very
warm reception if he ever again solicits the suffrages of the in-
dependent people of Sheffield.
