PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

J. Turner and B. Turner, Liverpool—T. Weaver and C.
Pugsfry, Holborn, tiook-cloth-inatialacturers—Nl. Wheatley,
J. 'flion.p3tni, and. W. Ozwald, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, nit
merchants (as far as concerns the said W. Ozwala)—h. smith
and''r. B. Johnson, Lieerpool, printers—F. Gould and J.
Tyler, George-street, Blackfriars-road, liat-manufactiirers-
-1). Parker and W. Parker, Extwistle Mill, near Burnley,
Lancashire, cotton-spinners—J. Curtin and P. C.ittin, Law-
rence7hill, Gloucestershire, nurserynicn,—J. Forrister and W.
ilsinn6l.ls Stnite-Oon-Trent, Stallordshire, enamellers —NV .
I-1. I latchard and J. Govder, Richmond-buildings, St. Ann,,
Wcsiniiikder, bookhiuders—E. ii. Baltlock. and W. Hall,
Ilanwa.-street,.cliiiianien---T. Roden and B. this;:e, • Stain-
•ford; stationers-:-.(;. ll,rrocks, J.:lblison, and .1: IL,rt ticks,
New liiingtun, Manchester, dyers—J. 'Taylor
cloth-meroliants-'-E. Westoity nhd 'l'. Ito-
berts::.,,ngston-nlion-11411, paper7staine:.s—NV :small and J,
ti.enntngton-cro s, .11son and,
Lit-tiers.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

COB UNNA MAIL,

(RECEIVED THIS .MORNING.)

EXECUTION OF GV,NERAL

Ccrx-NrcA, OCT, 12.—After the arrest of Ge-
neral PORLIER at Santiago, where he was -thrown
into the prison of The Inguisition,.he t•as b6nght
bere on the 26th Sept. with some Officers of Lis
party, and banged in the Campo dela flerrea an
the 3d inst. The following is the Proclamation'

undressed by him to the Junta of Seville :

" Most Illustt ions Seignors,—The deplorable
depressed situation which the nation has
been for this year past, and the conviction I feel
that the people, at the sane time that they value
their own felicity, desire, if possible, to main-
tain the most •constant fidelity to our he-
laved King and Master, Don FattnlN.ND. VII.

71:!11 desiring on my part) ~to contribute to
the one and to the other, since I cannot but be
cxttemely.sensible to the evils which this people
soar, I have resolved, at the• request of the
troops which compose the Array of this King-
Awn to execute the change which circumstances
point out as necessary, and conformable to the
.general will. In consequence I have Tissumed the
thief command ad interim, ()Hills Army and King-
dom, under the forms prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the Spanish Monarchy sanctioned at Ca-
diziand I shall employ myself in restoring, as
much as possible, the rational: and temperate li-
berty, which the sante Constitution bestows on
the people, as the basis .and foundation of
the general prosverity. That these measures
may take effect, the Juntas will proceed
to direct -the. %public opinion 'accord-
ing to the tenor of the annexed Proclamation and
Manifesto, establishing, as far as poSsible,- the
usages and regulwions marked out by the Consti-
tution, till the meeting of the Provincial Deputa.
tion, which will henceforward take upon itself all
these cases. The people, depending on this il-
lustr:Ous Junta,• must •be informed of the justice
and moderation of mY operations, the sole object
of which is to dclirer them from'.the heavy yoke
of slavery, which they thems-Aves have shewn
surf, an eager desire to throw.aff, Of the receipt
of this, for its punctual and exact execution, ypti
will give me, Gentlemen, the due,advice, causing
it to he eircniated and posted up in all public
placet of the district.

God preserve you, Gentlemen, many years.
Corunna, Sept. i ft. (Signed) "JUAN DIEZ FORMER..
" To the Members of the• Junta of the City of Seville."

Tlv, late Geller:al PORLIER left orders in his testa-
ment that he should Le put in a chest locked with
a key, and that this should be given to his wife,
with a handkerchief steeped in his last tears, and
that when circumstances should permit, he should
'be placed in a pantheon with the following in-
set iption -

" Here repose the Ashes of Don JUANDtrz P,oni,tErt, Gene_
TO, of the SPanish Armies, who was fortunate in what h•
- undertook against the enemies of his country; and died a
victim of, civil dissentions.--reeling. souls, respect the
AsLes of an unfortunate.—October s, 1815."

" Mtj beloved Wife !—The Almighty, who dis-
poses of men according to his will, has, deigned
to call.me to himself, in t;irder to give'me in eter-
nal life, that tranquillity and ease which I have
not enjoyed in this world. We are all subject to
this necessary condition of nature, and therefore
' it is useless to grieve when this hour approaches.
On this account I most tenderly beseech you
t) receive this last blow of the evil destiny
which has persecuted us, with the same tran-
ullity: and security as I retain while writing
this to you. Be not afflicted at the kind of death
they inflict upon me, since it can dishonour
only. the Ivicked, but covers the good with ho-
nour,aud glory. I repeat to you, thol If I take
with me any consolation to the world of truth, it
'is, that of being persuaded, that obeying me at this
Moment, as you have always done hitherto, you
will he consoled and resigned to the will of God,
whie.h is the supreme law of all mortals. In the
‘l,equel you will receive my last will, which you
will endeavour to fulfil as far as possible. Father
:SANCHEZ, who will be the beater, a Monk of
our Patron saint Augustine, will' deliver you.
this, and will communicate to yOu verbally
other things which I confide to him under con-

ft:ss:on.: Lagain recommend you to conform to
what 1 desire, since the contrary, besides being
rej:idiciA to your s:.fcty, will not' tend to the
g00(1 Ot.your soul.—Adicul Receive the heart of
)4)o. 11,;bauti.—J—t. de la 2, One
o'clock. M

In consequence of the late events numerous pro-
clamations have been published here and at San-
tiago. They are in general th thank the People,
Officers) Troops, the Public Authorities, &c. for
their good conduct in putting down the rebellion,
and promisiqg rewards from the King. The only
