VICTUA'LLING-OFFICE, Dec. 4i, 1823.

THE COMMISSIONERS
LING His micttsTr, N.. 1 kY, 4c. do hereby
gise Notice, Mat en Tuesday, 'the SOth Instant, they will
be ready to receive Tenders in writing, at this OffiOe, (sealed
It!) and treat for Five Hundred Quarters of ENGLISH
WHEAT, to be delivered into /fie Majesty's Victualling
Stores. at Portsmouth; and a further quantity of One r#o2‘•
sand Quarters, to be (tethered into /Ai Pictaalling Stores
at Plymouth, twit by the 31 st'Jcindar'y nest. The 'Frheat
to weigh 53 pounds per bushel (As. oyirriiwight ,to lie pvid
/01, and to he answerable to Samples,af not lessth in one
.',l•tqrt end:, to be produced with the 7'enders,nt this Office.
The Cunditions of the Contracts may be sins at this Office.:
Etch '!'ender must sped& the ps.ieeltrtsOrdi at length, mid"
• dei;urred before One o'Cloch on the day appointed': and
Pervon whammies the Tender, or ,eunne Person ovi, his;
must attend to anxwey• when called for.
At. lifAftfligiC.C4',.4l7:OAr''

WEST'INDIA DOCK COMPANY.
THE COURT of. DlRE:crofts of the
WEST INDIA DOCK COMPANY 'do hereby give No-
hes, tliat a HALF YEARLY GENERAL COURT will be
Iteid, pursuant to the.directiorss of the Act.of Parliament, at
the West India Dock House, No. 9, BiHirer-square, up
..ITESDAY the 6th day of January next, at.One,o'Clock: in,
the Afternoon, at which Meeting a Dividend will be d"
flared for the Half year ending the 31st instant.
By Order of the, Court,
LONGLANDS, See.
West India Dock j-louse Dec. 16, INS..
Chair will be taken at 'lwo o'Clock precisely.

ItOYAL-EXTRNUT ASSURANCE 11.70710 E.
gstablished by Royalßeign
Charter, in the of King George,
the 'First.
Decemter, 1828.
_IIIII4ERSONS
s whose annual Premiums fall due
OA the 25th instant, are hereby informed, that Receipts
!t:te now ready to be delivered at the'Conspanv'a Offices, over
the rtuyal Exchange and its Pall-Mall, as well as by their re-
-114411 Agents in the several Counties ; ansi the Parties as-
sured are requested to apply fur the Renewal of their Poll-
on before the eth of January next, as the usual Fif-
.4llllDays allowed for Payment, beyond the date of each Po,
Lich Will then expire.
SAMUEL FENNING, Jun.-Secretary.
Attendance is given, daily, at the said Offices, for
Inc Assurance of Buildings,Goods Merchandises, and Ships,
is Harbour, in Dock, or while duilding, from Loss or Da..
sage by Fire; and also for the Assurance of, and granting
Aanuities on, Lives.
N.B. Fire Policies will be issued free •f Expellee to the As.
where the Annual Premium amounts to tis, or up-
wards.
TO COMNIENIORATE the (s 9 near) FI-
NAL CLOSE of LOTTERIES, Goverstnent have
Pen the immense Number of SEVEN of £2n,oog! being
4etween Twu anst Three Times the usual Number, and, of
coarse, Two to Three Times the usual Chance of obtain-
ing Prises of that magnitude.
The Drawing will commence 19111 FEBRUARY, when the
Two FIBS'!' PRIZES will have £50,000, ALL MONEY,
,4tra each ; and when, in Met, ALL AKE PRIZES! as
every plank will become a New Ticket, or receive Ten Founds
in Money, at the option of the Holder.

....._. ..
2-THE SCHEME CONTAINS
2 .... of A:20,000 All hloney £40,000 0
5
b01....1,000, 600, 200, 100, $O, 12, and 10.... 70,(36 r,
"Itie,..ery Blank,(before 10th March) £lO
1.000 Wanks, Second Day, the teem

£490,096 8
,2,1..6g_
every
„,, mos at large, and Tickets on Salt. at Office, as
"Ml+ and also at the CONTRACTOItSi..,
J. and J. SIVEWRIGHI,
PLCornhill ; )1, Holborn , 38, Haymarket; where they
'"wil its one Lottery above Half the Whole Value; in soother
II the Prizes of Z-20,000; and in the Last Los, 4,ityL0.....
N ON REPOSITORY, for the CABINET MAKERS'
LIOCIETY, for every Description of CABINET FURNI.
4111 E. FEATHER BED and MATTRESS MAN-
PACTORY, No. 71, Corner of LEADENIIALL-
StREET, London, opposite Aldgate Pump.-Ready
Money Only.
Tr a E Society of Cabinet-Makers respectfully
t, inform the Public that they still continue the. above
L'ltelishmeat, for ;he Benefit of Industrious Meeltatuct who
L'Hollarge Pantiles, by offering them Menufactured Articles
"',,,,ti* Cabinet Line, of the best SVorkmanship, and Cheaper
'ball Howse can do in London by twenty-five per cent.,
III"! being no other profit required on the Gof,al.s but the hare.
"ouie ezpences ; at the same thne will be sufficiently sa tailed
withhaving constant Employment for themselves and familiea.
.261244 hSanneltiesty, was Establish d • June _111,2_1, consisting of
adding the number of their Wives and Pauli-
tesamounted to 66 ; in June, 1819, Ave more were added to
tetY; in June, 1820, 10; and in June 1821, 8. The
totalt,Number now-receiving Support through the Means of
*is 4stablialurtent is 191.
sieTewle 8° eietY and their Families beg leave to return their
h. re "anks to those Ladies and Gentlemen who have
titt tsrto to
them with :heir Orders and Recounenda-
fit9t7l4 and 4141 always fed happy in their endeavours to give
ur: ratisfaction ; at the same time solicit a Continuance of
Asir Benevolence, whereby they may be enabled to Increase
,Oumber of the Society.
XlatuifollowinAArticles
ht
are inserted as a Specimen of the very
linw ices, all warranted.--Ready Money only.
Fill size Mahogany four-post Bedstead., lath bottom 31. 15s.
i-41111 size tent Bedsteadll. 65.-Bordered hair Mattress to
1 liv.-11Iahogany Drawer, solid ends 31.35.-Feather Bed
4.- '-' -Ditto, free from dust and smell, full size 31. 10.).-
ispanned Chairs of any description in oil 11. 65.-Best do.
tali-hand-stand 165.-Ditto, Dressing Table 165.-Hearth
up 143.-3 ft. 6 inches Chest of Drawers 41. 411.-Three-foot 1
r.'‘intTany Pembroke Table 11. 18s.-Three-foot ditto on pil-
zip tad claws 31. 155.-Mahogany Dressing Table 11.-Dot
',,dttt, best 11.41.-Ditto liedsteps 11. 89.--Ditto ditto 11.125.
''ll,lAtto ditto 21. 2a.-Ditto Box Glass, 2 drawers, best British
,igais 155.-Ditto ditto is. 65.-Ditto ditto 11. 186,-Ditto
gip_ Gla
Disstto dittoa
12e size, commode 35.-Ditto ditto
-Ditto
tilt: a.-s.-Sea Bed and Pillow ss. tkd Ditto
1
'NZ' ,s•-Ditto ditto 78.-Tray Stand 75.-Long Mahogany
hi, L' ,11. -Japanned Book Shelf 75.-Tea Caddy 10s.-Porta-
any ett2lL-Desk covers in number 145.--Music Chairs-
horse' 1,,,1m,e5. 6d.-Eight Mahogany Chairs, covered with
ditto 71.7,r, Fats nailed 61.'62.-8 'ditto ditto dl. 155.-8 ditto
71. 10 _.!rl3--", 8 Trafalgar ditto 91. W.-Mahogany Sofa to match
Bedett -4'ittarouch 71. 10s.-Ditto ditto 81. IN.-Ditto, with
turne lad 7i IN.- Set of Mahogany Card and Sofa Tables, on
Tabl... legal banded in rose-wood 81.155.--Set of Mahogany
Ditto"'"iklivn Card and Sofa, on pillars and claws 121. 128.--
-....}lZre beat that can be made-to order or pattern 161. 10i.
haelrols°, -Ditto
7 foot 6 pedestal,
footsieSideho with carved
bibi, "--Ditto 7 foot 161.-Ditto 6 131.--Set of
bitto.g Tables, of the last, attern, 4 foot by 10 foot 61 11.-
It "7,4 foot 2 by 11 foot 6, 151.-ditto, 4 foot 6 by 12 foot 6,
11, 1+ If SEenieh, an advance of 31:1at.-Straw Palliasse
at4,oaTent liedstead and furniture 31. 15.-Bamboo Beds
..„ lb v lid French el tic top,
with drapery and fringe, 81. 10s.
10r1.2 !rive-foot maho_ y
gan four-post Bedstead and furniture, with
ipit'ae.ftt draperies, lined all through, complete, 151. 10s.-
attptriowt ditto. ditto 16s. 10s.--,Ditto ditto., with cornice, of a
tun drr "Ake, 181. 1011. Ditto ditto, with gold cornice, de-
ties ent.1.11),(1)" 201-Drawing-room Curtains, of the best Islo-
-4._ Chtme, fitted for wlndow, 61. 6d.-Ditto ditto 71. 7..
bt,orTi, of a superior and elegant style of work, 101. 103.-
bitto4llll-rnorn rose-wood-Drawingloom Trafalgar Chairs
44,.....ILtibdnwip bum. 201.-Table, 2 Covers, and Sofa, 1,81.
--blue ei 31. ' s.-Drawing-room Sofa 81. 65.-Ditto, 71. is.
din 41 • Sa.--florse-huir Cush'(ons, each ss. 6d.-Covered
W. THURNELL, Agent.
,_ a- -wvotte ~.....Le..."„ Nillir DEALERS SUPPLIED. . .
" 1111 bk.C.`4ll,,,trOe of expence, except the ma s, and lent
du.
~...--... 01 (treat Britain
, and to the East and West In.
-47-suslains fitted out, and merchants supplied with CA-
*** hoods_ f
f" Exportation..
11•0- ; „outinents Furnished at a few hours' noliot 44.1
-.. IN or do
-011 r vs.

THE LATE BISHOP OF .CALCUTTA.

( Fran the Madras Courier, July 4, 1923.)
A. Meeting of the MADRAS DISTRICT COM-
MITTEE of the SOCIETY for PROMOTING CURti.
TIAN KNOWLEDGE was held on Saturday laSt.at
ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, to take into consideration
the best means of .co-operating with the PARENT
Sociary tit Hamc in carrying,into effect Use Re.
solutions for erecting .a Monument in the C4l.-
TiltinttAL CHURCH' of ST: PAUL'S to the methory
of the late Loml. BISHOP of CALCUTTA. Vie
Meeting was composed of .the following Members
of the District Committee :---

• .. .
PRESENT.
'rhe Venerable Archdeacon .VATAIIIAN, pres4lent (M. the
,
• " Chair.)
The Hon. H, S. oxorne, -W. Hudlestim, Esq. .
The Hon. Sir Q. Grey, Knt. Capt. ]%iountford.
14
. Byrne,. - • J. -F. Thomas, Esq. -
J. L. Grant, Esq. S. Nicholls, Esq.
J. Gwatkin, Esq. Reif. W. Thomas,
J. Goldingliam, sen. Esq. Rey. M. Thompson,
Major Cadell. . • 'and
J. M. Strachan, Esq. Richard Clarke, Esq.

And after the Resolutions entered into by the Lyndon Com-
mittee had been read by the 'Secretary, the Honorable Sir
CMAREI EDWARD GREY addressed the meeting in the follow-
ing eloquent" terms :
GENTLEMEN,—The honour has been offered to one of pro-
posing the Resolutions which, presently, will be read ; and I
cannot decline it ; but it would have fallen, perhaps, more ap-
propriately upon some other. For; this is a fit opportunity to
bring into recollection, not merely those characteristics of the
late Bishop of Calcutta, of which the world is already informed,
but, those less prominent yet more interesting ones, which a
friend, only, can know or relate ; and I have wished that, of
those who were acquainted with him, some one might have
stood forward, and, as far as the power of words could effect it,
might have made him, for a few moments, present to our minds,
before the record of his virtues Is narrowed to the limits of his
monument—For myself I can speak but of that which has long
been known to all t but it is more than sufficient to justify the
purpose for which we are assembled ; and I will not be entirely
'silent, lest it should seem that, by this meeting the invitation
from home, or by myself, the proposal to move these resolu-
tionshas been met with reluctance or indifference.

Ten years ago, Dr Middleton was in the quiet enjoyment of
all, if not of more than all, that-to ordinary minds appear de-
sirable. Placed in the metropolis of England, he had fortune
which surpassed any wishes that he entertained for himself;
he had employment suited to his inclinations ; he had the re-
putation of
,talents of learning .and of piety. But a field was
opened to him in which, at the risk of' every thing but that
which was inherent in his mind, it was poisible to apply to
ampler uses the faculties with which he had been sent into the
world. He, did not long, hesitate ; and it is with great joy. that
I see in his choice, and ,in the motives which prompted him to
make it, one of innumerable instances that the genius and
:energies of the British people are not on the decline. In the
early part of the last century, Berkeley, fanned that benevo-
lent plan which involved the devotion of hitown life, la-
, hours, and his pure intellect, to the task of enlightening the ori.
riginal inhabitants of North America. It failed, becanse it was
deemed by others romantic and itripracticahle; yet in the pre-
lent 'day, plans similiar in their objects. and means, but of
wider scope, are on foot, and in a course of success. If there
.are any who doubt of the propriety or importance of such plans,
I would suggest for their consideration the consequences which,
probably, would have ensued if Berkeley had been assisted with
hearty good-will by the people and the government of Eng-
.
land, If our arts, our language, our knowledge, our religion,
and institutions had'been freely, but gradually imparted ; if a
fabric, of naive society had been so %lilt' up as to ensure to
thorincluded in it, any good which they possessed, and an
equal share of future benefits, we should not have now to bear
the shame and the regret of -having obtained an extension of
the sphere of civilization at the deplorable price of the extirpa-
tion of the North American race: the monstrous system of
Negro slavery might have perished in its infancy with the
necessities which gave it birth: Great Britain and America might
still have been one people; or if we had parted, it would have been
on better terms : and • the hatred of England, which is entertained
by the descendants tsf England, would not have existed in that in-
tensity and singleness which threatens future calamities..
Eng-
land, perhaps, has not yet paid the full penalty of having per.
Mined the destruction of one. of the.tribes Of Man. But I had
not intended to say more of the plans of Berkeley than that I
'will not estimate at any lower rate the similar motives of the
First Bishop of Calcutta: all circumstances considered, I doubt
whether the Sacrifice, contemplated by the one, was greater
than that which was made by the other ; who, at a grem.er dis-
tanee from his country, and in the' burning climate of Bengal,
persevered ow lag in the dedication of his , fortune, his time,
and his .whole powers to the ungrateful task which he had
set before him : and, seeking no common reward, has, at last,
died poor.
We are invited to assist in building up his monument, and
we shall all, I believe, join fheerfully in this last office; not
from any indistinct and foolish notion that the tomb is to be
raised as a reward to him whose name will be written on it,
but regarding it as a natural result of his meritorious life ; and
an obvious mode of giving expression to the feelings which
have arisen at his death. If we must look for some utility in
the measure, let it 'be found in its excitement of others; -even
of those. who are engaged in the service of the Church. For,
if I rightly apprehend the spirit of the Church of -England, it
does not zequire that its Ministers should be dead to the better
feelings of our nature ; it makes no provision for those who are
anchorets and ascetics in outward form ; neither does it re-
ciuire that eny should make a hermitage of the heart, and insolate
themselves in spiritual deserts. An Instructor must have some
sympathies with those whom he instructs; and if there is
any man to whom it is u matter of no regard whether he is
remembered or forgotten when be is dead, let him not boast
of an indifference which he has in common with natures
Inferior to his own. I indulge in 'the belief that to
the public expression of grief and admiration, which the
death of the late Bishop called forth in England, 'it may in
some degree be owing that we sire to have a successor who is
not inferior to him in any great or good qualities. I must speak
cautiously of the feelings of one who is entering upon ssolemn
and arduous duties ; but thus much I will venture toasty, of the
excellent person to .whom I allude, that, whatever higher and
snore holy motives may have supervened, twenty years cannot
have io deadened his warm feelhilpi And obliterated his early
character, that be will hear with insensibility, of the honours
paid to his predecessor. I think with satisfaction that a part of
the support, of which he will feel the wain, may be derived from
the hope now held out to him that, in after-times, his narhe
also may be read upon the national sepulchres of his country.
The following Resolutions were unanimously agreed to
• That this Meeting have'learned with the most lively Satisfac-
tion from the resolutions of the Society .for Promoting, Chris-
tian'Rnowledge which have now been read, that a 'Monument
Is to be erected to the memory of the late Lord Bishop of Cal-
cutta in the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's.
.That this Meeting are .grateful for the opportunity now of.
fared them of adding their names to those of the Society in Eng-
hold, in retina Of their veneration fur the memory 'of their first

---,-
Bishop, the founder of Dioceisan and District Committees in
India, to whose valuable nottnsel,' and generous assistance, this
Committee are indebted for the Most important °nets of their
