her of years have the nations of Europe been condemned
by their Governments to run all these risks, to bear all these
huiniliations. How should it be otherwise? The Turks

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
, (From the Gazette de France, Nov. II.)
NAY/tuns, SEPT. 27.*—On the 19th Sept. Ibrahim
'
Pacha, probably desirous to learn how Admiral Codringtou,
the only one of. the
.European Admirals who had remained
before Navarin, would act towards him, seat out a division
of the° Turkish fleet under the command of the Capitna
Bey. The English Commandehseeing this movement, sent
a frigate to invite the Turkish Commander to put back,
adding, that in case of resistance be would compel him by
force. The Capitana Bey replied, that he was surprised. at
such a threat, and that he had no orders to receive except
from Ibrahim, to whom he would refer. The English Viet-
Admiral, on learning this resolution, sent one of his officers
to lbrallini with a letter, in which he acquainted him with
his instructions, conformably with the treaty, of London.
Ibrahim answered by his interpreter, whom he sent or,
board the Asia, that he would not begin open hostilities
Without the orders of his Sovereign; that he had ordered
the Capitana Bey to re-enter the port, but that he would
sail with his whole fleet when he should receive such or-
ders to do so; and that, without regarding the combined
forces of the Allies, he would, expose himself to every
danger, however great, to do the duty of a General, obey-
ing the orders of his Government.
On the 21st, in the morning, the French squadron made
its junction with the English ; and on the 22d, in the
morning, Admiral de Rigny sent to. Ibrahim, by the Esta,
Atte corvette, a letter of the same tenor as that of ViCe-
Admiral Codrihgton.
On the 23d, in the morning, the two Admirals asked
an audience of Ibrahim, which lie immediately granted.
In consequence, M. de Rigny anchored the same day ii:
the port with the Syrene and the Estafette.
On the 24th, in the morning, the English Vice Admiral
also entered the port with the Asia, a frigate, and it,
c atter.
On the 25th,- the audience took place. The two Ad-
mirals having asked that none but Ibrahiui's Dragoman
should he present at the interview, lie replied, that he could
only. hear them publicly, before all his officers.
The two Admirals then declared to him, that they had
received from their respective Courts the most precise in-
structions to stop the effusion of blood, and that they would
reduce by force either of the two belligerent parties that
should refuse to accede to it; that the Greeks had already
accepted the armistice, and that if he, Ibrahim, resolved
to continue hostilities, he would expose his fleet, and the
most essential interests of his Sovereign. Ibrahim as-
sn-erect, that he would not lire at them without orders, but
that if lie received them, he would brave every danger to
execute them.
The Admirals attempting to represent to him the inef-
ficacy of the means of the Porte, he replied, that he had
only to execute the orders of his Sovereign, who Was- the
sole judge'of the necessity of continuing or terminating the-
contest, and he would consider as enemies all those, wita_
out distinction, who, under any pretext whatever, should
-wage an unjust war with his Master. Lastly, it was
agreed that he would undertake no offensive operations siy
sea till-he had leceived orders to do so. Ibrahim having
x emarked,.that in this case Lord'Cochrane ought to he
bin
dered from making his projected landing
.near Patras, the
Admi!•als answered that they would acquaint him with, this
convention, and call upon him to suspend hostilities on his
side. •
They aftervgards repeated to Ibrahim their proposal of a
secret interview, which was again refused. On the 26th
they quitted the port, and were each saluted with 19 guns.
Austrian Observer.
LIES OF THE DAY.
Pattie, Nov. 10.—The COll St; 11l nel—The
Attt-
h have been confined in the Seven Towers.
The Quptidien.ne—The three squadrons cannot keep the
seat •
The ConstitutiOnnei and the Quotidienne—The bathe
of Navarin necessitates our reparation to Austria, war
'with the Pacha of Egypt and With the Porte. ,
lk
(From the Journal des Debuts.)
(PRIVATE CORRESPDXEZNCE.) I
lahag, Ocar. 22.,—The policy of M. de Metternich,
which has caused floods'of Christian blood to be shed, has
failed. The inglorious flag of Atstria, which is as yet
only known by the aid it has afforded the infidels, has been
included in the catastrophe of Navarin with the Ottoman
fleet, of which no more remains than wrecks and ashes. It
was on the 2,oth, at sun-rise, that the combined squadrons
of France, England, and Russia, wishing to try a last ef-
fort to obtain a prolongation of the armistice violated 'bp
Ibrahim Puha, and to be assured of its strict execution,
presented themselves; at the Pass of Pylos, formed by the
Continent upon which Neocastro, or Navarin, is built, and
the island of Spliacteria, or Spbagia, to cast anchor at its
entrance, in order to reduce the Turks to the impossibility
. of again putting to sea, for
which they were preparing.
The Ottoman fleet, of more than a hundred sail, was
stationed en echellon, to defend the entrance of the
port, which could scarcely admit two vessels abreast ;
behind it there were six ships of the line, and twelve
frigates, at anchor, close to the shore on the right
side near the fountain. These two first lines were covered
by the Castle of Navarino, and by some batteries erected,
on the island of Sphacterie. The whole of this mass of
sea and land artillery was commanded—on the one side by
the renegade Selves—and on the other, by a man named
Letellier, a deserter from the French navy. The remainder
of the Thrkish naval force, partly under sail, and partly au-
chored round a low island at _the bottom of the port, pre--
sented a third line of battle.
At half-past seven in the morning, the Admirals of the
three Allied Powers sent a cartel to the Capitana, to whom
the latter cried A' lctrga ! sheer off, which lie did. A
second cartel, sent with a flag of truce, was received with
cannon shot. Then it was that Admiral Coth•ingtors, who,
had commanded for the day, made the signal for attack, and
all the vessels, steering close in his wake, advanced to pe-
netrate into the port of Pylos. Admiral de Rigny re-
ceived the first fire, with cries of Vice le Roi, and in-
stantly the Russians and the English were angagad with
the infidels. At nine o'clock the batteries of Navaho and,
Spliacteria were• silenced; five Turkish vessels were on
fire. At ten o'clock thrty-five Austrian transports, moored
near the inner island, were in flames. In fine, at noon, the
Turkish fleet, impiously made up of vessels built by fo-
reigners, and of galley slaves, raked out of the filth of the
ports of Europe, ceased to exist.
Ibrahim Pacha, who never had any courage but that of
executioners, of whom he is the most perfect model, took
.no part in the battle. Engaged in hunting the Christ
ath
ians,
he was in the mountains of Meseenia, presiding te
punishment of some Priests, whom he caused to be crtiei-
tied upon the olive trees ; its offering holocausts of peasants
and making up bales of girls and children, whom he ithe
n-
tended to send into Egypt. 1 could not paint to you
joy of us lonians ; the bells ring, bonfires blaze, the church
gates are hung with garlands—Greece is saved.
PARIS; Nov. 9.—ln the official detail of the Moniteur
is see, in the mi dst of the
aloegry of the French and Allied
arms,n the fatal result Of licy not less absurd than
blameable.
The resistance of the Turks was bold and vigorous, and
their batteries were skilfully commanded. They have done
much mischief to their conquerors. The long complaisance
ssf our Ministry towards the Portz—the public declarations
of M. de Villele respecting the useful and honourable :.I-
fiance of the Paella. of Egypt—had convinced the Turkish
Chiefs that the war would never be serious, and our tardy
demonstrations only served to increase their insolence. The
:tperuiting which bad been carried:on in France under our
avowed protection—the privilege which they had of build-
ing in our ports ships of war, doubled at the same time
their strength and their eonfidence. French officers, whose
Egypt had been long since authorised, were
departure for
still
in COM /wad of the vessels of ilsrahim a few days behest
the battle. If they did get notice to.witbdraw at the last
ziwment, they had not the less by their paeoence, and by
their aid, disciplined the ttupid ignorance of Turks,
which rendered the victory
and taught them Manoeuvres,
of the European fleet more difficult and more bloody.
Honour to the courage of the skilful Admiral de Rip/
and the Captains of his sqoadron ! They have nobly sus-
tained the honour of the'French flag. Shame to awkward
Machiavelism, which had encouraged and recruited the
Turks before fighting with them,

to be.

(From the Constitutionnel.)
PARIS, Nov. 9.—The European Governments keep up,
at a great expence, embassies at Constantinople, and Diplo-
matic or Consular Agents in the Turkish possessions; there
is no manlier of injuries and of outrages to which they :tie
uot daily exposed. When the Ambassadors go to the Palaet
of the Sultan or of the Turkish Ministers, they never fail
to have presented to their sight the spectacle of the beads
of Christians; unceasingly are they themselves threatened
with experiencing a fate similar to that of the victims ex-
posed to their sight, and the gates of the Seven Towers are
always open to prepare them for punishment. Fora nuin-
* Though this report. is of an old date, we think it
found interesting, dally as the Austrian Ob-
server gives it. as thatof ,a creditable itness.—Noto of
_Etoile. • • eyc-
. .
We have stated 'the loaitee'stddained b our merino on
bill inemorablt!`day; that a combat, which
has not cost more effects and bloodshed, can oblige the
Allied fleets to quit the theatre of their ? ~.an
the Qhone make such assertions?

do not keep amongst us any agent, any functionary, any re-
presentative; their arrogance increases with our humility
and with our compliances—they permit only the language
of submission—they answer oily with that of pride or of
menace—their Chief, like the haughty Agamemnon, takes
the title of Kink of Kings. We have the weakness to
yield to thi'S arrogance, and why should the Porte give it up ?
Within four years, ten—twenty European Ambassadors,
have gone to Constantinople to negociate the affairs of
Greece—that is, to supplicate the Grand Seignor, who
' styles us Christian dogs—that he would be pleased to put
an end to the massacres of our brethren in the East. Ft OM

time immemorial our merchant vessels have been capturlil

- .
by the Barbary corsairs, anti our fellow -citizens, in spite of
the tribute to which we have the meanness to submit, are

dragged into slavery at Tunis, at Algiers, and at Morocco•
Up to the present time, we have confined ourselves to vain
and timid protestation, which have had no other effect than
to increase the barbarities of the eternal enemies, the per-

petual executioners of the Christian name, and so it ought

The moment to avenge so many outrages—to put an
end to so many calamities, appears at length arrived. The
splendid and Christian victory of Navarin will, it is to be
hoped, be but the prelude to events still more considerable,
and such as shall secure the liberation of the nations from
the barbarians of Africa and Asia. •

But, in order to attain this grand result, which civiliza-
tion claims with all its wishes, it must be consistent with

itself, and no more renew diplomacy, when it is decided to
have recourse to arms, the sole means of repressing Mus-
sulman arrogance.
The Moniteur gives but an incomplete idea of the num-
ber of the Turco-Egyptian vessels, of which the greater
part is destroyed ; and the whole of which has been put
hors de combat.—Never, perhaps, had the Turkish Govern-
ment assembled on one point a naval force more imposing
or more considerable.—There were— _ _

126 Transports 14 of forty
4 Ships of the Line 29 Corvettes
4 Frigates of sixty guns 37 Fire-ships.
making in all 214 vessels, which no longer exist.
The most instant result of the victory of Navarin
the deliverance of the heroic Hellenists. The forces des•

tined to destroy the remains of this Christian people are
pulverised : there remain to Ibrahim no other resources
than a flight, which is impossible, or a capitulation, which
he has perhaps already solicited, and the power and the
right to dictate the conditions of which have been acquired.
As to Greece she may be considered as being for ever de-
livered from the Ottoman yoke ; her definitive delivery has
just been irrevocably settled at Navarin ; and when history
shall recount the long train of misfortunes, the immense
sacrifices which this nation of heroes has undergone in
order to • break her chains—to re-conquer their country—
to repose where sleep their ancestors and their martyrs—it
will consecrate the names of those brave men who decided
for her the happy day of her enfranchisement. May she
forget that bad it happened four years sooner, thousands of
victims now in the tomb rould, like their, brethren, who

have now escaped by miracle from the sword of the bar-
barians, enjoy the price of so many labours, so much blood,
and so.many tears.
There now remains for us to know what effect has been
produced at Vienna and at Constantinople by the news of
the victory at Navarin. The Moniteur has not at all
mentioned, and yet it is not the less assured of it, that
amongst the Turkish vessels there were several Austrian
ships, which were sunk- like others. There have thus
been, de facto, hostilities between Austria, on the one side,
and France, England, and Russia, on the other. Were
not, moreover' these hostilities commenced by the Aus-
trian AdmiridDandolo, who was remarked, even amongst
the Turks, for his ardour in pursuing and'persecuting the
Greeks? Will not deeds so serious produce consequences
still more serious?
The news. from Navarin must have fallen like a thunder
clap
.upon the Divan, and particularly upon the Grand
Seignior ; and may it not be feared that, in the first mo-
ments, he has not set bounds to the excess of his cruelty
'and his vengeance? Precautions, it is said, bad been
taken in favour of the Europeans who are in the capital
of the Ottoman Empire ; but what precautions can resist
the wrath of .a despot, who, by a single gesture, causes
heads to fall by hundreds, and, besides, has not the power to
restrain the hands of his slaves ? If he had, he would

have yielded to the Powers, because he knows he cannot
resist them ; and if he has not so yielded, it is because he ,
had to dread the fate of those amongst his predecessors
-who had vainly endeavoured to check the fanaticism of the
Turks, Heaven grant that the Europeans of Pere may
have been able to extricate themselves from the massacres
of which the news from Navarin must have been the signal.
As respects the political results of the victory of the al-
lied fleets, they will be immense and rapid. But let us
be fully convinced that the Sultan cannot yield without
running the hazard of losing his head. tie has destroyed
the Janissaries, but the spirit of that Corps is not extinct in •
Turkey : it slumbers to awake with more fury than ever.
Such are the fruits and such the sweets of despotism ; it
can only be supported by other despots more powerful than
itself. And therefore it is we find still amongst ourselves
men dreaming of the olden times, and of the annihilation
of our new institutions ; seconded by the Ministry, they
regrei, in France the want of absolute power ; they demand
despotism, in order to become its Janissaries.
The report runs this evening, that the Ambassadors at
Constantinople have been sent to the Seven Towers.
(From the Quotidienne.)
If the naval combat, the details of which we give, are
considered only in respect of military glory, it is certain
that our navy and the three combined flags, have conduc-
ted themselves with a bravery and skill in every way
worthy of the ancient reputation of the French and English
marine, and of the snore youthful fame of the Russian
nary ; but it is the more serious political considerations
that may result from this event, which are worthy altoge-
ther of fixing the public attention.
The object of the treaty concluded at London was to
avoid a great and bloody struggle. 11l conceived in its
grounds, and in its means of execution, it supposed that
two nations, engaged in war with each other for a long
time, would forget, at the appearance of foreign command,
their long rivalries,- and lay down their arms. It supposed
moreover, that the Pacha of Egypt would not send any
more fleets, or, indeed, that if he did send one, it would
return to Egypt, on receiving a simple injunction to that
effect; and that all this would be accomplished by notes,
armistices, and diplomatic negociations. This treaty was
scarcely announced when it was disavowed ; the Greeks
continued their piracies, the Turks their operations; the
fleet of the Pacha arrived at Navarin ; and then it Naas
believed that a pacific blockade would suffice to maintain a
state of peace. •
These conjectures rested upon false foundations ; opposed
armies do not at all possess the calm of diplomatic notes; in
vain have Cabinets continued to call that extraordinary si-
tuation a state of peace; the war has burst forth, and in a
most bloody meaner; the two gents have come to blows
with a slaughter unexampled in naval annals, since the
battles of Aboukir and Trafalgar.
We shall not scrutinize what has been the cause or the
pretext for this terrible shock ; we believe that the principle
of it existed in the situation of the two fleets in each other's
'presence, and that attack was commanded by a kind of ne-
aessity ; at this moment we must limit our views to the
immediate consequences of the event of which we speak.
The state of war now exists ; bat with whons and for
whit object? The flag attacked is that of the Pacha of
Egypt ; the Pacha is the auxiliary of the Porte, and several
transports were under the Austrian flag.
Thus two Powers, looking on the Pacha only as a vassal
of the Porte, because parties in the contest which has just
taken place; it is enough to say, that the Cannon at the
same moment struck the standard of the crescent and the•
Austrian eagle; what can, or what ought to result from
that? Diplomatic experience can shew. If Austria has
not abdicated her rank amongst the Powers of Europe, she
insist demand full reparation ; and war, on the other hand,
is de facto declared against the Porte. From this mo-
ment we are also in estate of war with the Pacha of
Egypt, who protected our commercial establishments at
Cairo and Alexandria; we expose our warehouses in the
Levant, and all this may well purchase the glory just ac-
quired by the combined fleets. We call the attention of
even the most zealous friends of the Greek cause to the
consequences likely to befall our commerce.
• To concluthi, it will be seen by the details that the battle
was long and sanguinary ; the greater part of the vessels
of the three Power's stand in need of repairs; that of M.
De Rigny has been dial:lasted ; and if the Egyptian fleet has
been destroyed, the three squadrons, it is said, can no
longer keep the sea,
(From the Courtier _Francais.)
_

CORFU, OCT. 16.—We have just heard that Ibrahim
Paella, after his unfortunate attempt to enter the port of
Patras, disembarked his troops and artillery at Navarin.
His project was, without doubt, to follow up on shore the
Operations which he had been forced to give up by sea, by
Marching across the Morea, and thus arriving to the relief
of Patra-s. Already, it is said, the barkarians have renewed,
iii the interior of the Peninsula, all the Lorrors which they
had previously committed. The march of their columns is
every where distinguished by devastation, carnage,
Here
and con-
tlagration,
the people have been thrown into con-
