NOMINATION OP SHERIFFS FOR THE ENSUING YEAR.

The Lonn AIATOR nominated the following gentlemen
to be put in nomination for the office of Sheriff on Mid-
summer Day :
Samuel Prior, Esq., citizen and glover.
Henry Wilson, Esq., citizen and fishmonger.
Thomas yoynder, Esq., citizen and stationer.

Arthur Pott, Esq., citizen and grocer,
Thomas Mills, Esq., citizen and fishmonger.
Frederick Perkins, Esq., citizen and brewer.
Thomas Brandrarn, Esq., citizen and wsxchandler.

John Wheatton, Esq., citizen and cordwainer.

APPLICATION OF A HANOVERIAN TO BE MADE r RIE OP

TIIR CITY.
Sir PETER LAURIN rose to present a petition from Mr.
Herman Christopher Bose, praying to be admitted to the
freedom of the City ; and stated that the petitioner was
born at Brenstadt, in the kingdom of Hanover, in the year
1810, where he lived until 1827, when he took up his re-
sidence in London ; and being desirous of commencing
business, he made application to the Cooks' Company for
admission. Ile obtained the freedom of that Company ;
but previously to admission as a Liveryman it was neces-
sary to obtain the freedom of the City. An objection was
taken by the Town Clerk, that Mr. Bose, as a native of
Hanover, was an alien, and hence arose the present appli-
C ition. Now he (Sir Peter Laurie) submitted that there
was no ground for this objection, Mr. Bose being born
when the Crowns of England and Hanover were united,
was in allegiance to the King of England and Hanover,
and therefore entitled to all his privileges as a British sub-
ject. He always understood it to be a clear principle that
allegiance was due to the Sovereign, and not to the
country. Ike presumed that this subject would be referred
to the law officers of the Court, for the purpose of being
examined and reported upon. The petition referred
the several cases in the law books which bore upon the
point, and he was glad to say they were all in favour of the
application, especially one called Calvin's case, in Lord
Coke's reports, where the question was whether a person
born in Scotland, in the time of James I. of England, was
an alien. The report concluded in these distinct terms-7-
"So albeit, the Kingdom (which Almighty God of his
infinite goodness and mercy directs) should by descent be
divided and governed by several Kings, yet it was resolived
that all those who were born under the natural olfedienee
while the realms were united under one Sovereign, shoull
remain natural born subjects and no aliens."
Sheriff Woon said the subject was one which required
consideration. He appeared to entertain a doubt of the
existence of the privilege as regsrded a person born in
Hanover ; at the same time that he was most decidedly
opposed to the monstrous evil of shutting out the people
from the privilege.
The petition was then referred to a Committee of the
whole Court.
The Court, after the transaction of some business of no
public importance, adjourned.

EVENING EDITION.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S G-AZtTTA

BUCKINGHAM PALACE, JUNE 3, 1&39.

This day had audience o f her ?Majesty :
Prince Esterhazy, Ambassador Extraordinary from the Em-
peror of Austria, upon his return to this Court from leaie of
absence;

RechiCl Pacha, Ambassador from the Sublime R.rte, on
going abroad on leave of absence;
And also his Royal Highness the Hereditary Gpand Duke of
Saxe Weimar, attended by the Count Pozzo di Borgo, the Rus-
sian Ambassador, and two Aides-de-Camp, upon his arr;val in
this country ;
To which they Were respectively introduced by Lord 'Vis-
count Palmerston, her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State
for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Sir Robert Chestft,
Knt., Master of the Ceremonies.

WHITEHALL, MAt 31.
The Queen has been pleased to constitute and appoint his
Grace the Duke of Richmond, K.G., the Most Honourable
the Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Eliot, the Right Honourable
Lord Atherton, and William Saidcrs Sehright Lascellrs,
Esq., her Majesty's Commissioners for inquiring hitt° the
state of the roads in England and Wales.

WHITEHALL, JUNE 2.
The Queen has been pleased to present the Rev. James As-
pinrll, A.M., to the rectory of Althotpe in the county and dio-
cese of Lincoln, void by the resignation of the Rev. Charles
Lacy, ➢I. A.

OFFICE OF LORD CHAMBERLAIN TO THE QUEEN
DOWAGER MARLBOROUGH-HOUSE, MAT 23, 1839.
Her Majesty the Queen Dowager has been pleased to appoint
the Hon. William Ashley Cooper to be Master, Governor, and
Keeper of the Royal Hospital, a free chapel, of St. Katharine,
in the Regent's-park, vacant by the decease of Lieutenant-Go-
neral Sir Herbert Taylor, G.C.B.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, JUNE 3, 1639.
Royal Regiment of Artillery—First Lieut. R. Luard to be
Second Captain, vice Brewer, retired on half-way ; Second
Lieut. E. W. Rodwell to be First Lieutenant, vice Luard,
May 23.
Corps of Royal Engineers—First Lieut. 14. Servante to he
Second Captain ; Second Lieut. A. H. Freeling to be First
Lieutenant, vice Servante ; Second Lieut. H. St. Georg,
Ord to be First Lieutenant, May 27.

Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the Count_ Palatine
of Lancaster.
J. C. Satterthwaite, Esq. to be Deputy" Lieutenant, May 20;
C. D. Archibald, Esq. to be ditto, May 21 ; S. Horrocks, jan.
Esq. to be ditto, May 19.
2d Regiment of the Duke of Lancaster's Own Militia—R.
Phibbs, Gent. to be Ensign, May 10.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of Staffordshire.
Queen's Own Royal Staffordshire Regiment, of Yeomanry
Cavalry.—Cornet L. Hall to be Lieutenant, vice Robinson ;
Cornet C. Boethby to be ditto, vice Turner ; Cornet . W.
Wilson to be ditto, vice Tomlinson ; Right Honourable G. G.
Lord Leveson to be Cornet, vice Boothby ; J. Clowes, Gent.,
to be ditto, vice Wilson, May 27.

BANKRUPTS.
ADAM DICKEY, linen factnr, Old Jewry, to stirrender,
June 12, at one, and June 16, at eleven, at the Court of Banks.
ruptcy. Lackington, Coleman-street-buildings, official assignee;
Turner and Hensman, Basing-lane, Bread-street.
EDWARD PARKER, perfumer, Piccadilly, June 14 and
July 16, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Green, Alder-
manbury official assignee ; Knight, Panton-street, Haymarket.
WILIZIAM CLARK FARR, licensed victualler, Frede-
rick-street, Vincent-square, Westminster, June 15, at
past one, and July 16, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Groom, Abchurch-lane, official assignee; Pollocks, Red Lien-
square.

EDMUND TAYLOR, drysalter, Liverpool, June 14, and
July 16, at twelve, at the Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool. Holden
and Clarke, Liverpool ; Walmesley, Keighticy, and Parkin,
Chancery-lane, London.
HENRY TOMPKINS, victualler, Bromyard, Hereford-
shire, June 20, and July 16, at twelve, at the Black Swan Inn,
Hereford. Douglas and Cragg, Verulam-buildings, Gray's-
inn London; Taylor, Bromyard.
YOHNJONES, wine-merchant, Chepstow, 'Monmouthshire,
June IE, and July 16, at two, at the Commercial-rows, Bris-
tol. Bevan and Brittan, Bristol ; White and Whitntlft, Bed-
ford-row, London.

JOHN RUNCORN, cotton-spinner, Chorlton-upon-Med-
lock, Lancaster, June 17 and July 16, at ton, at the Commis-
sioners' Rooms, Manchester. 'Milne, Parry, Milne, and
Morris, Temple, London; Slater and Heelis, Manchester.
JOHN BINNEY and THOMAS BINNEY, merchants,
Sheffield, June 18 and July 16, at eleven, at the Town-
hall, Sheffield. Rodgers, Devonshire-square, Bishopsgate-
street, London ; Rodgers and Son, Sheffield.
JAMES STELFOX, grocer, Manchester, June 19 and
July 16, at two, at the Commissioners' Rooms, Manchester.
lihnson, Son, and Weatherall, Temple, London; Hitahcoc,
Manchester.

JOHN COOMBE, currier, June 17 and July 10, at eleven,
at the Commercial Rooms, Bath. Pinniger and Westnialiett,
Gray's Inn-square, Gray's Inn, London ; Dare, Bath.

DIVIDENDS.

At the Court of Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street.
W. 11. Alexander and C. Bolton, hardwaremen, Upper
Clifton-street, Finsbury, June 25, at half-past twelve—J. 0.
Beckett, merchant, Compton-street East, Brunswick-square,
June 25, at one—B. Parker, wholesale grocer, Botolph-lane,
June 25, at half-past one—R. Smith, woollen draper, Regent-
street, June 25, at twelve--E. Watkins, tailor, June 25, at
half-past eleven—T. Newbould, Jun., merchant, Sheffield,
June 25, at eleven—W. J. D. Arnold, and T. 11. Johnson,
coal merchants, Norway Wharf, Westminster, June 27, at
twelve—C. Saville, grocer, litomford, June 27, at one—S.
Minton, woollen raper' Minories, June 25, at eleven. S.
Simpson, cheesemongor, Oxford-street, June 27, at eleven.
in the Country.
J. Mitchell, victualler, Essex, June 27, at one, at the Old
London Inn, Exeter—H. Froom, grocer, West Teignmouth,
Devonshire, June 27, at two, at the Old London Inn, Exeter—
J. Gascoigne, joiner, Sheffield, June 28, at one, at the Town
Hall, Sheffield.

CERTIFICATES—Jr;
J. Last, printer, Edward-street, Hampstead-road—E, B.
Brown, coal merchant, Bryanston-street, Tiryanston-square--
F. Bray, dealer in pigs, Bromyard, Herefordshire—J. Lai;
woollen draper, Bristol—G. Peach, woolstapler, Northampton.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
J. Wall and W. Godfrey, brewers, Chatham—T. mid J.
Rideal, wine merchants, Union-street, Southwark—J. We.
terer and J. Ives, salesmen, Smithfield-market—B. and F.
Clibborn, Liverpol—W. and J. Rigby, ironfounders, Ha-
warden, lillintshire—T. C. Callow and R. Gray, lace manu-
facturers, Nottingham—J. and H. W. Whaley, gun makers,
Strood, Kent—J. and T. Heath, engravers, Stafkirdshire Pot-
teries—H. Sanford and J. Booth, ironmongers, Bishopgate-
street Without—l. and H. C. Rentell, plumbers, Camberwell
J. and V. R. A. Brooks, stationers, Oxford-street--J. and
W. D. Pickering, tailors, Margate—T. Read, T. Read, Jnn.,
and W. Read, wine merchants, Bath (so far as regards W.
Read)—J. Sircom and J. Blackborow, coal merchants, Bristol
—F. and T. Law, millers, Hamer Corn Mills, Lancashire—.
S. P. Jackson, R. Ainsworth, and J. R. Harding, wholesale
ironmongers, Bristol—R. G. Parry and J. Jones, attorneys,
Welchpool, Montgomeryshire—J. and H. Nicholl, worsted
spinners, Lillypot-lane, City,—C. H. and F. Dcrmcr, tallow
chandlers, Camden-street, Isington-green—G. W. Noth and
.1. Morcom, West India brokers, Bristol—W. J. and J. G.
Marshall, wholesale grocers, Cousin-lane, Dovvgate-hill—S. J.
Burford and W. Crowe, grocers, Harliston, Norfolk—ll.
Varley, R. Fairbrotber, and J. Varley, brass founders, Saint
Helens, Lancashire (so far as regards R. Fairbrother)—R. and
J. Davies, druggists.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Juivs 4.

Their Lordships were to hare met to-day at ten o'clock
in a Committee of Privileges, for the purpose of consider-
ing the claim of the Earl of Sefton to Vote at the election
of Representative Peers for Ireland, and also the claims to
the Tracy and Rutherford Peerages, but on account of an
insufficiency of Peers attending to form a Committee, seven
being required, the different claims were postponed to
Thursday, at ten o'clock.

VICE-CITANCELL OR'S COURT, JuNir 4.
Cause petitions, of no public interest, occupied his
Honour the Vice- Chancellor the whole day.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, Jurx 4.

GAMBLING TRANSACTIONS —Thomas _Henry _Horatio
Canty, who was before the Court on two former() ccasiona
and reported, again appeared.
In this case evidence was required as to the souree from
whence the money was derived to purchase the property
at Brussels, in the insolvent wife's na►ae, and ito as to
the application of 2881., part of a gambling transaction,-
sent by the insolvent to Brustel. The attentiance of a
was required.

It appeared from the evidence of Mr. Fiske, that he mks
present in October last, at Brussels, when Mr. Reviolds
and Mr. Irvine handed over to the insolvent, who as a
housekeeper, certain bills, accepted by a gentleman named
Thompson, for a " play" debt. The reason was, that
Reynolds and Irvine were " running all over the world,"
and that the insolvent should present the bills when due.
Mr. Fiske had a smell " interest" in the bills which bed
been struck off in an account he had with Irvine.

Mr. HUMPHREY asked Mr. Fiske whether be was pre-
sent when a large sum of money was won from young Mr.
Wellesley
Mr. Fiske said he was, and in answer to further ques-
tions, stated that the sum then won was not 2,0001., it was
about 1,0001. It was paid in hills given to the insolvent.
Those persons on the occasion did not have an equitt share.
Mr. NICHOLS said they had no further evidence, aid it
was proposed that the property at Bru9seli should be given
up, subject, of course, to the mortgage, and that 100..
should be paid into Court for the furniture at Brussels
which had been sold.

A long discussion took place, which ended in the case
being adjourned to pay 1001. into Court, with an intimation
that the insolvent would be remanded for making awsis- with
his property after his arrest; the Court observing that he
wei.t there to sell all he possessed of a tangible descrip-
tion. It was, however, stated that a further sum would be
paid to redeem the case.

NATIONAL EDUCATION.—A Correspondent
of the Somerset County Gazette has suggested the pre-
priety of publishing a form of a petition for the imrikedist e
use of the friends of National Education and Religion
Liberty. Our Contemporary suggests the following :
" To the llonourable the Commons of Great Britain in
Parliament assembled.

.‘ The humble petition of the undersigned inhabitants
of (or members of the congregation of
" Shevreth,—That your petitioners behold with feelings
of deep regret the unconstitutional demands „pada by the
Clergy of the Established Church, to have rk oxclusive
superintendence and control of all moneys which may,
in ibe
wisdom of Parliament, be granted for the education of the
people, and the determination manifested to render natiqnal
education an engine of proselytism, and, in practice, an
instrument of oppression.
" Your petitioners believing that, however varied the
sentiments of mankind may be on religious subjects, those
differences ought not to form a harrier to their equal plif_
tic;paticn in the benefits ofall laws, which the progress cif
Society may point dut as necessary to be adopted.Ma
efoef the re'please your Honourable House to
make noy i t
grants tllr
public money for the purpos© of
riiets
Education, without satisfaction being obtained as to their
equitable appropriation and efficient application, upon
principles accordant with the civil equality of all religious
denominations.
And your petitioners will, as in duty bound, ever
T. Gisborne, M.A., prebendary of
pray,
The
Durban', has given 2001 towards the endowment of Holy
Trinity Church, Darliugton.

If 11,

... 7 30 a. ra
... 5 p.m

7 10 a.m.l „
• • 5 1). m. »
FARES.
To or from Aylesbury and Lon,lon, lit Class 1 ls. Od
2d ditto ... 7s. 6d

Juno 3, 1839.

TIMES OF GEORGE IV.

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
The Public is respectfully informed, that the
PRESENT MANAGEMENT WILL TERMINATE
WITH THIS SEASON ;
The following Programme is therefore given of its final ar-
rAngements
The Historical Play of KING HENRY V., from the Text
Shakspeare, will be produced early in June.
TO-MORROW EVENING, Juivtt 5.
THIS EVENING, JUNI 5,
Will be performed,
THE LADY OF LYONS, or Lore and Pride.
Claude Melnotte, Mr. Macready ; Colonel llamas, Mr. Bartley;
Paulin. Deschappelles, Miss Helen Faucit.
After which,
FRA DIA VOLO.
Marquis Son Carlos, Mr. Frazer ; Lorenzo, Mr. Burnett;
Zerlina, Miss Rainforth.
To-Morrow there will be no performance.

RREY T.
'The New GrandROYAL SURREY
Opera of " The Love Spell,RE" has been tri-
umphant in the extreme. The rich, flowing Melodies—
beautiful Scenery—and the acting and singing of Misa Ro-
mer, Mr. Templeton, and Mr. Balfe, meet with undivided
approbation of elegant and crowded audiences.
THIS EVENING, JUNE 5,
Will be performed a New One Act Drama, called
THE MAIDS OF HONOUR.
After which the Grand Opera entitled
THE LOVE SPELL.
With all Donitetti's Original Music of " L'Elisir d'Amore,"
Adine, Mils Romer; Nemorina, Mr. Templeton ; Dulcamara,
Mr. Balfe.
To conclude with the successful Drama, called
ALICE GRAY, THE SUSPECTED ONE.

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
Under her MAJESTY'S IMMEDIATE PATRONAGE
GRAND " PROMENADES MUSICALES ET CHAN

PETRES ! !!
TO-MORROW EVENING, JUNE 6,
And Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday, Next Week,
By a splendid Band, composed of the most distinguished Instru-
mental Performers in the Metropolis,
Selected and conducted by Mr. Godfrey.
Commencing at Six o'clock, and terminating at Nine.
The magnificent Day-light View of MOUNT lIECL A, and
the unequalled Menagerie, are exhibited daily.
Admission One Shilling.

Bills.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 5, 1839.

le Lords the Royal Assent was given to several

After a few words from Lord BROUGHAM concerning
the Ordinance for the press in Malta, and the Maltese
agent in London, and after a few words relative to the
, union of the two Canadas, the LORD CHANCELLOR
moved that the Church Discipline Bill be committed.
A considerable debate ensued, which ended in the Bill
being committed pro forma.
The Bishops of EXETER and GLOUCESTER opposed
the Bill ; and, from the speech of the former, we beg
leave to transcribe a passage, which sets in a clear light
the extraordinary power claimed by this class of men.
Ghee a priest, always a priest, is his doctrine. He
said, " All the Kings, all the Queens, and all the Lords
Spiritual and Temporal, with all the Commons that
ever lived, could not give that power to the Court of
Arches which this Bill presumptuously proposed to
give—namely, to strip the Clergy of their Ministerial
character is the Lord Jesus Christ. No Lay tribunal
whatever could be found capable of the power to de-
grade the Clergy to 'the state of Laymen. Ile chal-
lenged the whole or any of his Right Reverend Friends,
t• say that such a proposition could be sustained."
We admire his consistency. The priests all derive
their power from the Apostles, to whom our Bishops
are the direct peers. They only insist, therefore
on a clear, consistent right, when they deny
the power of any secular tribunal to deprive,
degrade, or depose a priest. They are the absolute
masters of our faith, and of all the income which is
annually levied from the nation for their benefit. The
Bishops are an excellent illustration of the advantages
of impudence. Modesty is always slighted, and
they take care to impose on mankind by the pro-
digious extent of their demands. Fortunately
for the world the worthy Prelates cannot quite agree
amongst themselves, otherwise there would be no hope
for the sanity of the people. ♦s it is, the dispute of ,
CHARLIS LONDON with HENRY EXETER, may help
to restore the community to its senses.
In the House of Commons the Cheltenham Improve-
ment Bill had a narrow escape, the Report on it having
been received by a majority of only two.
Sir HMETH FLEETWOOD moved for leave to bring
in a Bill to extend the franchise, in the counties of
England and Wales, to 101. householders. The Hon.
Baronet, in a short neat speech, explained the utility
of acceding to his plan.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, to the regret of all Reformers,
sot only opposed it on account of the lateness of the
Session, but declared that the Government could not
lend any countenance to it.
Mr. WitnauaTos supplicated Lord JOHN, in a man-
ner, to give the Liberals some vague hope of Reform,
hut Lord JOHN was silent ; and Sir ROBERT PEEL pre-
cluded the Noble Lord from any escape, by declaring
that he had accurately defined how far he would go.
Sir Remo., as Mr. WAKLEY said, was delighted with
Lord JOHN'S definitions.

Mr. HARVEY sarcastically recommended the Mode-
rates on both sides of the House to weed the extremes
oat from amongst them, unite, and form a strong Go-
vernment, a suggestion which they appear inclined to
follow, though it will add to the discredit into which
public men have fallen. Mr. HUME, Mr. WOOD,
and Mr. WAKLEY spoke successively and strongly
against Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S speech ; Mr.
SLANE; and Mr. P. HowAttu praised it. Sir
I-I. FLEETWOOD wished to withdraw his motion,
but the House objected ; and on a division, it was
supported by 81, and opposed by 207. He was ac-
cordingly refused leave. The minority was larger than
we expected, and should encourage the Radicals to
persevere in their own plans.
Sir HESKETH FLEETWOOD obtained leave to bring
in a Bill to limit taking the poll for Coroners to one
day.

On Lord JOHN RUSSELL seconding the motion for
a °till of the House on Friday, he took the opportunity
of stating that Government would not pursue its plan
for improving education ; that it gave up the idea of
now founding a normal school, and meant to propose
the grant, as usual, for the National and British
`and Foreign School Societies. We must at
once. protest against this. The funds given to these
—Jcieties are administered by priests or sectaries, and
serve to strengthen their power against the Secular
Government. Not one farthing should be voted for
education, except it be under the control of Govern-
ment ; and we do hope this grant, which goes to en-
courage bigotry, will be resisted. Mr. Wyss, we
are happy to see, took this view, and will no doubt be
supported in resisting the grant.
A smart conversation ensued, in which Mr.
GoctsuaN and other Tories complained of the
lilude of proeeeding adopted by Lord JOHN Rus-
SELL ; and Lord MORPETH, and others pointed
cut the necessity of exposing, as soon as possi-
ble, the mendacious attempts which had been made to
prejudice the public against Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S
plan. The motion for the call of the House was
agreed to. The House sat till Eleven o'Clock.

Sir TIESKETH FLEETWOOD, in bringing for-
ward last night his motion for leave to bring in a
Bill to give the right of voting in the counties of
England and \Vales to the 10/. householders, properly
and correctly said, that all the enthusiastic Re-
formers in the kingdom were on the tie-toe of ex-
pectation. The late attempt of the Tories to seize
office ; the resumption of it by the Whigs, chas-
tened, it is presumed, by a temporary adversity ; the
enthusiasat which was excited by her MAJESTY'S
Conduct, had cast its rays over her Ministers,
and there appeared a general disposition to
hope and believe the very best of them.
-‘e had some reason to suppose that Lord JOHN
1.
'!‘ lUSSELL would take the opportunity of Sir HES-
I X ETH FLEETWOOD'S motion, to which, from his
late pamphlet, and the reports of his friends, he
I was conceived to be favourable, to make some con-
cessions to Reformers, and so cement the alliance
which had again been recently formed between them
and the Ministers. As we read Lord JOHN Rus•
SELLS speech, therefore, we presumed that our
Reporter had misunderstood his Lordship, and it
was not till we had read the speeches of the Radi-

AYLESBURY RAILWAY.
The Public are respectfully informed that this Line of
RAILWAY will be OPENED on MONDAY, the 10th of
June, 16,19, for the conveyance of Pessengers and Parcels (in
cenjunction with the London and Birmingham Railway) to and
from Aylesbury and London. Until further notice the follow.
will be the time of departure of the Trains:—
UP. DOWN.
Leaves Aylesbury Leaves London
Pot London 7 10 a.m. For Aylesbury ... 7 30 a.m.
... 10 30 „
•.. 6 10 p.m. ... 8 ~
ON SUNDAYS.

Now ready, with a Portrait of Queen Caroline,
THE CONCLUSION OF THE DIARY
OF THE

Being VO4s. 111. and IV.
Comprising numerous Curious and Interesting LETTERS of
QUEEN CAROLINE, the PRINCESS CHARLOTTE,
And other Distinguished Persons.
tier To ensure the completion of their Sets, the Purchasers
to Vols. I and 11. of this 'Work should give immediate Orders
to their respective Booksellers tot these Concluding Volumes.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

In addition to forsaking the people, we doubt
whether the Ministers will not, by this course, be-
tray the QUEEN. They will not be able to carry
on the Government, and her MAJESTY will be
given, unless her people rally around her and res-
cue her from both the aristocratic factions, a pri-
soner into the hands of the Tory aristocracy.

The Ministerial plan for the permanent settle-
ment of Canada is certainly not, as the matter at
present stands, to come into operation till 1842.
We are quite justified, therefore, in having taken a
few hours to consider of it before pronouncing cx
cathedra, like our Tory Contemporaries, endowed
with a superhuman sagacity, a hasty opinion on
what has yet neither form nor substance. The
Tories, however, are very wise men. They have
seen their most favourite schemes come to nought ;
they are living witnesses, year after year, that their
own policy is impracticable, for year after year they
occupy to defend the deserted positions of their an-
tagonists, and year after year are obliged to abandon
them ; but they abound still in overweening conceit,
and can decide off' hand, however important and
extensive the subject, that whatever a Whig pro-
poses, must be mischievous. We claim not their
prodigious capacity, and begin our few observations
on Lord JOHN B. ussELL's motion concerning
Canada with the advantage of a few hours' deli-
beration.

His Lordship submitted to the House of Com-
mons two resolutions, the latter of which says " that
it is expedient to continue till 1842 the powers
vested in the Governor and Special Council of
Lower Canada by an Act of last Session, with such
alteration of those powers as may be advisable."
We are completely ignorant what alterations are to
be recommended, but the main point is that the
Ministry deems the despotism which was established
by the Act of last Session the best form
of Government for Lower Canada till 1842.
That the inhabitants may not despair altogether,
however, the Noble Lord, by his first resolution
declares, " that it is in the opinion of the House,
expedient to form a legislative union of the Pro-
vinces of Upper and Lower Canada, on Me prin-
ciples of a free and Representative Government, in
such a manner as may most conduce to the pros-
perity and contentment of the people of the United
Provinces." The inhabitants of Lower Canada
are to be governed by military authority, as at pre-
sent, till 1842, and then they are to be united, on
the principles of a free Representative Government,
to the inhabitants of Upper Canada. This, and
this only, is the proposition of Ministers. It places
before us, however, two perfectly distinct questions
for consideration, namely, whether the present
Government of Canada be suitable to the people
and condition of that province, and whether, in
the year 1842, the whole Colony will be bene-
fited by the proposed legislative union.
Let us remark, before touching either of these
questions, that the Government has wholly dis-
carded, principally by the advice of Sir J. KEMPT,
the magnificent project of uniting all the North
American Provinces in one Federal Government.

_ _ .....
The political contrivance, therefore, of forming a
balance to the United States, and a check on them
by constituting a new grand confederacy in North
America is, for the present, blown to the winds,
which is, probably, not much to be lamented ; for
such balance and checks have, in all past times,
failed to attain the end proposed, while, as a means,
they have been costly and ruinous.
The first question must be decided both by the
present circumstances of the Lower Canadians, and
what in future the Legislature proposes to do with
respect to Canada. If at the end of the period
Lower Canada was to be re• constituted an almost

exclusively French province, and the popular branch
of the Government were again to be placed in the
hands of La Nation Cana7lienne, or in the hands
of the few Advocates and Priests who rule with
despotism over the simple people, it would be
an absurdity to continue the present despotism. It
would only irritate without subduing those who,
in 1842, were to be restored to power. But the
avowed design of all parties here and there, except
the French party, is to destroy the separate and ex-
clusive existence of the French Canadians, and

amalgamate them with the British population.
To attain that end, the continuance of the present
military Government seems no unreasonable prepa-
ration.

All persons who have visited Canada agree
as to the existing hostility between the two races,
while the discrepancy of the laws and customs to our
own is striking and well-known. Mr. BULLER,
in arguing the night before last against the plan,
described in forcible terms the savage animosity with
Iwhich the volunteers or militia from Upper Canada
I had devastated the province of Beauharnois, burn-
ing the houses of the French to the ground, and driv-
ing the poor people to the woods, to perish under
the snow, first to be found again about this time, when
the snow melts away. The Honourable Member
also described in strong terms the border warfare,
the savage, personal, revengeful attacks, which are
mutually and continually made by individuals living

' cal Members, all expressing their total dissent from
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, and declaring the alliarice
between them and the Ministers at an end, that we
were thoroughly and completely convinced that
there was no mistake, and that Lord JOHN RUS-
SELL and the Government decline giving Sir FL
FLEETWOOD, or any other person, the least reason
for supposing that they will concur in any measure
for altering the Reform Act. True, Lord JOHN
will consent to lessen the vexations caused by the
Registration part of the Reform Act, which
he admitted was, to a considerable extent, a
failure. He will also permit of an alteration in the
time of paying the rates, so as to give the franchise
to those who are now entitled to it, and yet do not
receive it ; but he will not go further, and he is
against any abandonment of the Reform Act.
There is an end, therefore, to all the hope which
we and others had placed on the present
Ministers—there is an end to the superiority
of the Liberals in the House of Commons, the
Government and the country being now placed at the
mercy, if not betrayed into the hands, of the Tories.
The Whigs, apparently, prefer being the lacqueys
and servants of those who have buffeted, and
scorned, and flouted them, who have ridiculed,
vexed, and harassed them, to being the leaders of a
noble and generous people. Well, be it so, there
is no answering for the class-grovelling of some
persons ; and whereas, we lifted up the cry, little
more than a week ago, of " Hurrah for the QUEEN
and the Whigs !" now we must say " Hurrah for
the People !" They must help themselves, in spite
both of Whigs and Tories.
We regret this—deeply and bitterly do we
regret it. We are thoroughly convinced that
the internal tranquillity of this country cannot be
long preserved, except by admitting a considerable
portion of the lower classes to share the franchise.
It is impossible that the bulk of the working
classes can be kept beyond the pale of the Constitu-
tion. Not admitted to any share of making the
laws, they declare they owe the laws no allegiance.
To govern them by force like slaves will be impos-
sible, and if it were possible would only be ruinous.
As long as there was a hope that the Parliament
with a Liberal Ministry, might, at a future time,
extend the franchise, there was some reason to
believe that the working classes would wait patiently
for redress. Now, hope must be at an end, and
they must proceed on the principle of overthrowine.
the Parliament, or submit ►n despair to slavery. We
foresee, therefore, great and indelible mischief
from the Liberal Ministry uniting with the Tories
to put an end to all the just hopes of the people.
We are inclined to suppose, as Mr. HARVEY
said, that the electors are very generally Tories ;
but in that case how will Mr. O'CONNELL per-
suade the unenfranchised working classes that the
middle classes are not their political enemies ? If
the middle classes bo against the extension of the
suffrage, and if the Ministers have taken their pre-
sent course because it will have the sanction and
support of the bulk of the electors, then must
we conclude that the disease of the society
is too deep-seated to admit of any cure.
The mighty limbs of its strength are war-
ring against each other ; the head and the heart
arc no longer influenced by the same organic laws,
or moved by the same mysterious influence of a
common interest ; and a dissolution of the body is
not far off. 'We checked the Chartists at the
height of their imprudence, the effects of which
are now visible in the daily, but temporary triumph of
the principles to which they are most opposed.
But, dealing equal justice to all, we are bound
now to warn the middle classes and the aristocracy,
and the Government, which represents them both,
that they cannot rule this land in safety and in
peace without a very large extension of the
suffrage.

, 4
:jamttly
"j'.l t*:47 1.11,

Efu
