ts.
etaCA, A
eQ.'
at 4

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, AUGUST 9, 1832.

It is with unfeigned satisfaction we find that
the National Political Union has at length—we say
at length, for it might have been done sooner—
taken up the question of the German edicts. The
example will, no doubt, be promptly followed up
by all the provincial Unions, and thus, by next
Session, we shall have a manifestation of public
feeling drawn forth, to which no Reformed
House of Commons will dare to turn a deaf
ear. Let no one suppose, that by thus inter-
fering in Continental matters, England is meddling
with things that do not concern her, or acting
with rashness or indiscretion. The question of
German freedom is not a local question ; it
has no fixed geographical limits ; is bounded by
no lines of territorial demarcation, but concerns
all Europe equally. The edicts, especially, insi-
nuate a polite hostility (which, if not resisted in
time, may possibly deepen into something more
direct and tangible) against reformed England
and revolutionized France. For let no one sup-
pose that the German Sovereigns would have
committed themselves to the extent that they
have just done, had it not been from apprehension
and hatred of the spirit which these two countries
have set afloat throughout Europe. It is here that
the shoe pinches. It is the conduct of France
and England that has drawn forth the Frankfort
edicts. It is because we have Reform, and
France a somewhat, but not much, better consti-
tution than she had before, that Germany is to
have chains and slavery. It is hard that one
country cannot improve its own institutions,
without endangering those of others. But such
must ever be the case till the long-pending ques-
tion of Might v. Right is got out of the political
Chancery Court.
The German edicts are the deadliest blows
that European freedom has ever yet received.
They are not confined to the comparatively un-
important question of territorial aggrandisement ;
they have no regard to a quarrel of this King with
that King, or this country with that country ; they
are an assault on opinion—an income tax on mind
----an embargo on the spirit of thought itself. They
are an attempt to restore the dark ages, to revive,
under another form, the persecutions of the In-
quisition. Let them but succeed, and Ger-
many will be again the nation that she was in the
days of TAcirus. We shall have another
" de moribus Germanorurn" to illustrate the
character of the savages. And this mighty
change—this crusade against all that is exalted
In thought and generous in intellect—this at-
tempt to chain mind, as XERXES of old strove
to fetter the waves of the Hellespont,—all this

is proposed to be brought about by two Monarchs,
with whom, in point of intellect, even the meanest
of their subjects might scorn to compare himself!
Yes, the fool proposes to forge fetters for the wise;
he who cannot think himself, is resolved that no
one else shall enjoy a greater privilege. Be it
so, the proposal is a fortunate one, for it will
bring matters to a speedy crisis. How it will
terminate, no one can doubt. Mind will assert
her license, freedom her right, and those will
succumb to-morrow, who, had they been wise,
would have done so yesterday. For we contend
that henceforth there can be no retrograde march
in human improvement. ARCHIMEDES has
found the lever by which he will move the world.

A desultory conversation took place last night
in the House of Commons on the subject of the
LORD CHANCELLOR'S Salary Bill. Mr. SAD-
LER proposed a reduction of 2,0001. a year;
but the original proposition was carried by 52 to
6. The Greek Convention Bill was subsequently
read a second time, Lord PALMERSTON ob-
serving that the appointment of Prince OTHO
of Bavaria was approved of by the majority of
the Greek Chieftains.

The conduct of Mr. SHAW and Mr. BEST,
in dividing the House this morning sixteen
times, on the Party Processions Bill, is only
another proof of the unabated rancour with
which the Orange and Ultra-Tory party pursue
their hostility to every sort of improvement.—
Had the Bill been one which had any tendency
to check rational liberty, had it borne a resem-
blance to any of the Six Acts of CASTLE-
REAGH, or to any of the strong measures of a
Tory Government, then the weaker party in
the House might have been justified in using
the only weapons in their power to stop
its progress. This Bill, however, has no
such object. Its sole object is to remove party
distinctions, and abolish those irritating pro-
cessions, which not only keep alive hostile
feelings between the parties, but often lead
to great loss of human life. Such a desirable
result does not suit the purposes of the party.
Were such distinctions abolished, then their
occupation would be gone ; they would
no longer have the power of riding rough-
shod over their fellow-creatures, of obtaining
all the good things in the church, in the army
and navy, and in every department of the state,
under a Tory Government. Were the inte-
rests of the two parties identified, the numerous
appointments which had hitherto been the ex-
clusive right of the Orange faction, must be dis-
tributed over a population of seven millions in
place of one million, and we need not, therefore,
wonder that they cling with such death-like
grasp to their bigotted and selfish principles. We
only wonder that their passion at times should get
the better of their policy, and should exhibit
them in such a factious and pitiable light as they
appeared in this morning at three o'clock. Al-
- however, must be made for the lateness
of the hour, and the sort of halo which sleep
and fatigue, and other causes, cast around the
mental vision, and we charitably hope that on
their awakening this morning they felt as heartily
ashamed of their conduct as the rest of the
House must have been disgusted with it. Their
only plausible defence is that Mr. STANLEY had
dropped the bilk This Mr. STANLEV. denies,
and on that point they are at issue.

The French papers of Tuesday have been re-
ceived. The marriage of King LEOPOLD with the
Princess LOUISE takes place this day at Corn-
peigne, whither LOUIS PHILIPPE proceeded on
Sunday with his daughter. We sincerely hope
that the accomplished bride will be more happy
in her destiny than her illustrious predecessor.
These papers contain no news of any import-
ance. The late debate on INTr.H. BULWER'S mo-
tion respecting the Frankfort decree, has occa-
sioned a good deal of remark among the various
journals. This will be productive of good
throughout Germany, for the French papers find
their way thither in spite of all METTERNICH'S
precautions to the contrary.
There is no news from Spain or Portugal,
nor do we expect any later than by direct com-
munication by steam-boat.

New York Papers to the 17th of July have
been received. They announce the appearance
of the cholera in that city, where it broke out
with great violence, 510 persons having fallen
victims to its ravages in one week. This mor-
tality naturally caused great alarm, and the dis-
ease was spreading over to the Eastern States. If

the cholera be not contagious, how happens it
that no precaution can arrest its course ?—.Not
even the vast Atlantic can stay the progress nor
assuage the virulence of thisdestroying pestilence.
The Tariff Bill had passed the Senate by a
majority of 16-32 being for it, and 16 against
it. The President would of course assent to it ;
but it appears that he rejected the Bank Bill.
The following are extracts of some letters
from Mexico :
" Extract of a letter to a gentleman in this city, dated
Mexico, June 5 :

" have nothing to add to my former letters on the
score of business, as every thing continues completely pa.
ralyzed ; nor will it regain its former activity until our
domestic disputes can be settled. When this desirable
object can be attained is quite problematical ; war still
rages ; but the Government is losing ground at a great
rate.'

"Letters from Vera Cruz to the 11th ult. are quoted
by the Mercantile Advertiser, which state, that Santa
Anna had overtaken the retreating Government troops
near Jalapa, and it was expected would immediately attack
them. General Montezuma had forced the Government
troops uuder General Teran to retire from before Tampico.
" Maxico.—The Louisiana Advertiser states the fol-
lowing, on the authority of letters from Tampico and
Vera Cruz :

" In one from Tampico, of the date of the Ilth inst.,
it is stated that ' all Spaniards, included or not included
in the law of expulsion, had been driven from this town
by Montezuma. Several had taken their passage for New
Orleans, as also have several- Mexicans of distinction,
among whom is Seignor Miconi, cellector of the mari-
time customs of this place. Our city is a perfect chaos—
all business is at a stand-still, and such is a scarcity of
means on the part of the revolters, that it is now more
than a week since the troops received any pay. The
head-quarters of General Teran are at the Hacienda del
Coso, 25 leagues distance horn this place, and his ad-
vanced guard ten leagues nearer to us.
" ` The interruption of communication with the inte-
rioris complete, and maintained in the fullest r4rour by
the Government troops. In another direction, SOO Go-
vernment troops are marching upon Tuepan and Pueblo
Viejo de Tampico. We would advise you, that by no

means should any vessels be expedited for this port, it
being known for certain that a squadron is on the way
from Campeachy, to convey troops and blockade our port.
On the resignation of Mr. Alatnan and tl e other Mini-
sters, Bustamente adhered to his former declaration to the
letter, and thus the Government affairs are really trans-
acted by the chief clerks.' I❑ another letter from Vera
Cruz of the 12th instant, we are informed that Santa
Anna, after pursuing his march through Pueblo de Acto-
pin, of the old road from Jalapa to Vera Cruz, had ad-
vanced to Encero. On hearing this, Colonel Rincon,
who was stationed with 1,200 me❑ at Puente Nacional,
had prepared to go and meet him ; hut Santa Anna, re-
ceiving notice of this movement, had wheeled about to
Plan del Rico, where he had formed an ambuscade ; of
this Rincon received timely information, and fell back
upon Puente.'
" The above is the substance of tha accounts in the
Louisiana Advertiser. Heretofore the letters from
Mexico published in New Orleans have been very incor-
rect and quite ex parte."

The following are extracts from Brussels
Papers of yesterday's date :

BRUSSELS, Auo 6.—The King before he left Brussels
signed a promotion of several majors in the army.
Several of the Royal equipages set out yesterday for
Compeigne.

The Duke of Saxe Coburg and his two sons left the Pa-
lace of Lacken this morning at 5 o'clock for Louvain, to
which place General Desprez will accompany him. His
Highness will be present at a review of the garrison, and
afterwards go to Liege.
Yesterday afternoon the Minister of Finance sent an ex-
traordinary courier, with despatches, to Compeigne.
The publication of the marriage of the King with the
Princess of Orleans was made yesterday at the Town-hall
in the usual form ; the notice will remain hung up for
three days.
The extent of the territory of the fortress of Maestricht
was not fixed by any convention. The investment of the
place which resulted from it was likely to give occasion to
frequent conflicts between the Dutch and Belgian troops.
To put an end to this state of things, General Magnan
proposed to General Dibbets to agree together on a line
which the garrison should not pass. The Governor re-
quired as a preliminary the evacuation of the right bank
by the Belgian troops ; his envoy appealed to the twenty-
four articles. General Magnan replied, that it was strange
that a Dutch General should claim the execution of a
treaty to which his Government refused to subscribe ; he
added, that as General Dibbets rejected his proposal, he
would fix the line himself, and that orders would be given
to his advanced posts to consider the advance of the
Dutch detachments beyond the distance of 1,500 mitres
from the glacis, as an act of open hostility.
The Governor at first declared that he did not acknow-
ledge this limit, and that the garrison would continue to
push its patrols as far as it should think fit.
Soon afterwards a flag of truce came to announce to
General Magnan that his proposal was accepted. It was
agreed upon that the Belgian troops should occupy—first,
the left bank, Smermaes, the Belvidere, Kaberg, Wolduc,
Kan, and Caster ; second, on the right bank, Opharem,
Keer, Gronsweet.

(From the Moniteur Belge.)
BRUSSELS, AUG. 7.—The Courrier Beige announces,
on the credit of a correspondent, that France end Eng-
land have renounced the idea of employing measures of
coercion against Holland, and that a 69th protocol, con-
taining new proposals of the Conference, must be already
in the hands of the Ministry. This report being calcu-
lated to excite alarm in the public, we are authorized to con-
tradict it. The last despatches from London that have
reached the Ministry, dated the 3d, make no mention of
the existence of a 69th protocol. Without denying the
possibility of the existence of this diplomatic document,
the Ministry has strong reasons to doubt it, and, at all
events, it can affirm that it has no knowledge of it directly
or indirectly.

We believe with the Courier that, if the circumstances
were true, there would be reason to receive the news with
calmness. The Government has too precisely explained
its system and its intentions for us to fear an act of weak-
ness on its part. It well knew how to defend its system,
because it considers it to be the only one that is good and
honourable—the only one that can lead to a very speedy
conclusion of our affairs.

His Majesty the King of the Belgians arrived at Valen-
ciennes on Sunday afternoon, where he was received by the
Duke of Choiseul, and after dinner proceeded on his
Journey.. .

The detachments of troops posted on the road by which
their Majesties will come from France, are ordeted for
the 12th. It is believed that their Majesties will not
make their entry into Brussels till three days afterwards.
A waggon heavily laden with part of the effects of the
Queen arrived yesterday.

A Russian Cabinet Messenger passed through this city
yesterday, coming from St. Petersburg, with despatches
for London.
