POETRY.

ANCIENT IRISH' WAIL SONG.
Remember the, gloriei :of Brian, the,Brave
Tho''the days of the hero o.re o'er ;
Tho', lost tq Mononia, and cold in the'graVe, .
' He returns ti Kingora no more !
That star of the field which so often has pe.:44'd
Its beam on the battle, is set,
Tut enough otits glory reniains on each sword
To light us to victory yet!
Mononia! when Nature einhellish'd tiat
Qf thy fields, and thy niwntains :45 fair,
Did she ever intend that a tyrant should print
The footsteps of slavery there ?
No, Freedom, whose smile we shall never resign,
Go, tell our invaders, the Danes,
That 'tiS sweeter to bleed for an age at thy shrine, .
Than to sleep but a moment in chains !
Ftirget not our wounded companions,- who stood
In the day of distresS nor side ;
While the moss of the valley grew red with their bloods
They iiincled not, but conquer'd and di,:d!
The sun that now blesses'our arms: with his light,.
Saw them fall upon Ossory's plain; _
Oh ! let him not bluSh, when he leaves us to-night,
To fine that they fell there in vain !
r* Brian BorOmbe, the Monarch of Ireland, who was killed
in the Moment, of,Victory at the 13,:.tt1e of Clontorf, in thy be-
ginning of the ilth Century, alter having defeated the
Danes in twenty-five engagements.

VOR TIM SUN.

VACCINATION.

MR EDITOR,

The Parliamentary Elections have engrossed
the public mind so entirely, that the disputes be-
tween
,I-IgNitsTtJs and CoNsclEscE, about 'the
Report of the Vaccine project, -are forgotten. •
AnotherAeport may therefore be overlooked by
the new Parliament ; sinless some register of facts
preserved : for the Faculty are not very, forward,
in accusing thein's'elves of errors, particularly to
the Vaccine Poard, who listen to no hearsay evi--
deuce,- unless it tends to 'prove their assertions„--
thus, much conversation is held about a boy in •
the Bluecoat School, who has lately had Small-
pox forthe second time : the evidence of Isis having
it the first time rests on papa or 'mamma, Who no
doubt think themselves as good judges as the co!-*
lege.of Physicians, and that .learned body never
decide unless some one is inoculated from the. pa-
tient ; theF never presume to judge from the it's-
pearals&e of the pustule ; this unk.y lead them, my
to error, the first or second time, but the third
time they can never be_mistaken: and how many
times Small-pox may occur has not yet been set-
tled by the Faculty. Let me thei•eforegive notice,
throngh the channel of yoer Paper, that time son
of one ADAMS, at No. j Cane-place, Kentish-
t ()MI, has just recovered from the Small-pox, and
was very bad for some days, eight years after he
hgd been vaccinated by Mr. thRDING, of -that
place. Kentish-town lias been rather celebrated
by such failures„ardi therefore, perhaps some Cow.-
poxers will be shy Of inquiry.
Report also says, that the apprentice of two
Apotheearies, in Manchester-street, lately died of
Small-pox, some years after Vaccination, and that
-this- death is kept as secret as possible, because
it c,-positively contradicts the Report.Of this year:
am inclined tb believe the'Report spurious, be-
cause it is printed Without 'any, signature of the
President-4)f the Vaccine Board, a . circumstance
not yet publicly-accounted for-.
Perhaps the President, by, the information he
received from Dr. FOWLER 'and Mr. IFistisi, of
Salisbury, crly have had genuine reasons for
doubting the substance of that Report; and may
conceive that Reports have so much :injured the
faith oftheTaculty; that he had better not trust
the integrity' of his
.character and his spotless
name to their fsee use.-
As the late INleniber for Suffolk has givn every
one a hint not. to be, prolix, I will conclude my-
sefl,
Your obedient SerVant,
