ABOLITION OF NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr TANCRED presented a petition from Banbury,
for the immediate ab•dition of slavery.
Sir JOHN JOHNSTONE presented petitions from the
We.ley in Methodists of Scarborough, from the Wesleyan
Methodists of Sherburne, and another place in York.

Mr. H. T. STANLEY presented petitions for the
abolition of negro slavery, from Preston, Warwick, an
the minister and congregation of a chapel in Newcastle-
upon-Tyne. Also a petition from Preston, for the better
observance of thi- Sabbath.

Mr. FYSHE PALMER presented a petition, which
was signed by 2,000 respectable inhabitants of Reading,
against Negro slavery ; and the petitioners pledged them
selves to give their support to Ministers to carry their ob•
jest into effe.ct for the emancipation of the slaves. A!so a
petition from the congregation of Protestant dissenters of
the Broad street Meeting in Reading to the same effect.
Sir W. INGILBY presented petitions for the altoliti,m
of slavery frtiri the Wesleyan Methodists of Horneastle,
Bartley, Ridley, Scamhlesley, Beac,iiitril. Lincoln, 'Welton,
Waddington, Wareham, Kirksdale, B dinghroke, Tattesatt,
and several other places in the county of Lincoln ; also
from the Baptists' Ch tpel of Horricastle to the same effect.

Mr. W. A. WILLIAMS presented petitions for the
abolition of slavery, from the Wesleyan Methodists, tif
KAna ehapel, and of Ilisea chapel, Monmouth.

Mr. J. W. SCOTT presented a petition from the
grand jury and magistrates of Southampton, against the
Beer Bill.

Mr. R. STEWART presented a petition from the
borough of Haddingron, complaininn of the abuses existing
in the corporation of that place; and, also of the partial
limited obj-ets of the Bill which had been introduced on the
Scotch Burgh Corporation.—Referr, d to the Committee
on the hill. Also a petition from the Provost and M ,gi-
strates of that Burgh, against the system of Church Pa-
tronage in Scotland. Also a petition from the came place
in favour of Law Reform. Also a petition from the
United Associate Congregation of North Berwick, for
the immediate Abolition of N-gro Slavery. The 'Hon.
Member stated, that he had to-day witnessed a very in-
teresting and satisfactory scene connected with this subject.
A deputation, of which he formed one, consisting of up-
wards of 40(4 individuals, from all parts of the country,
bad waited this morning on his Majesty's Government,
anti he was happy to state to the House, that
it was manifest from the courteous manner in which the
deputation h.] been received, that much hope was to be
entertained of the satisfactory nature of the plan Govern-
ment had on the subject. Indeed Ministers had stated
that they were determined faitly to grapple with the riiffi-
rubies of the question, and they had no doubt hut that
they would be enabled speedily to bring the matter to a
satisfactory resolt.—(Hpar, hear.)
Mr. W. WHITMORE presented petitions from several
Methodist congregations for the abolition of slavery.
Sir A. AGNEW presented petitions from places in
Peebles, Argyleshire ; from Bud-ley ; from the Presby
tery of Dalkeith ; from Carmichael ; from several places
in the county of Huntingdon, and from St. Bride's, in the
city of London, for the better observance of the Sabbath'

SABBATH BILL.
The How. BARONET then postponed the second reading
of the Sdlih tth Bill till the 30,11 of April.
Mr. CRAVEN BARCLAY presented a petition from
Wooton-under-Edge, for the abolition of ..lavrry.
Mr- ROOFER presented similar petitions from different
places.
Mr. ROBERT FERGUSSON presented three similar
petitions.
511. ABERCRONIBIE presented A petition, signed by
upTards of 2,000 inhabitants of E for the re-
peal of the receipt stamp•ditty ; and another for the eman-
cipation of the Jews.

ABOLITION (W ST AVERY.
Sir CHARLES LEA ON presented a petition from
Wiltshire, in favour of the s, every ; and simi,
Jar petitions from Perz ince, Alarazum, St. Minier, and
other places in Cornwall.
Sir ROBERT GORDON had to explain to the Ilona-
how it was that a petition from his constituents had been
presented by another Hon. Member. It was for the abii
limbo of slavery; and eunneeted as lie (Sir R. Gordon)
was with the 'West-India it re.t, lie had the matisfiction
of reeei beg the consideration— nay, the forbearance of i is
constituents on that sii. jeer.
Mr. BOWER presented a petition for the immediate
abolition of slavery fioui Eggleatone,
Aliekle-
burst, Barnard Casle, and other places.
LATE SITTINGS.
Mr. BARNES presented petitions against the late
