THE difiCHDLIKL Fliiil4ClS.

MALTA, JUNI 29.•-•YOu baveliodoi!bt beard or
the design formed sonic' time ago by the Arckink...
Fruceis to escape trom,the Austrian dniniitions. 1.
was rumoured he was so disgusted it the slavery
his Wilily, and ascendat cy s!ftite French in Vleno3,
he wits destruuis of absenting hini•elf bunt st;, ties tit
tiiotn,es of thc Archduke Francis
were not, I suspect, well undeisluod ; li!tle talie
will pronahly disclose them. Bat whaieter they
were, he has succeeded ni tiis at:eotto to escli),...
his flight iron the Austrian dominions this hi i
to been kept a pinfound secret. lie. lett Vt-iit)is
early in the Spring privately, with a foill.o U
ten person., and travelled incog.. ond..: of
a count, to Salonica, here tie took tilitpolog for
Smyrna. There, alter remai'ing a shots ton••,' an
order arrived from the 13.itish "Admiral to t;,pt nit
Peyton, of the IPecizel gitii•bi ig, to c •nvoy his [Wye(
titghneis and suite ib where the paityar.
;Wed io • May ;, it being given out' 116
came mu rely en a visit to the King and queen oh
Sardinia, the, latter of whom is so neatly related
to him.

The Archduke was much pleased.i%;ith his voyage'
from Smyrna, kindpailiculaily With the .tttentiott's
of CitptaitiTes ton, the grathhon of Admiral I?..ytah,
of (3,reettwich, antlnephew tit the two late Aden rats,
Peron. Capt,tin lkyton a„as invited to dote with
the King and Queen of Sardinia, t..e Archduke,
&c. Bta. and in return he gaie a 11411 .the
King's Mirth-Jay (4th of June) to their Alojehiies
and the Archduke, on board his ship. The singu-
larity:of th& place and scene delighted' ~he Royal
Personages. It was the first' En4lish ship ut %ar
on board of which the Queen had ever been, and
she was in higlr spirits on the occasion. I-let Ala,
jesty danced with Captain Peyton, to whom, and
to his Officers, in return for ibis unusual and unex.;
petled entertainment, a Fite Cliairpeire ,A.iis given,
tollowed-6y a masked ball at the theatre, white tim
crew of the Weasel wr,.re regaled with the bra lift).
&Idiom- of the island in abundance. Tue Arch-
duke afterwards presented Captain Peyton with a
gold snuff-box, having his
,initials on • it, set with
brilliants; as a token of. his esteem of the Captain in'
consequence, of his conduct.

We understand, that his Royal. Highness the
Prince Regent has notified .his intention to distin-
guish, with gold medals, the Officers of rank who
have fought in the different battlai that have taken
place in Spain and Portugal, subsequent to the tile-
r/102We galena of Vimiera, Coruntia, the Douro,
and Talavera, in commemoration of which, it will
be recolleded, similar marks of the royal favour and
approbation were conferral• about a year ago, on
General Officers, •Coloneli, and Other Officer:6 cool-
mantling battalions, " nut being of tank interior 'to
Lieutenant-Colonels."

On Tuesday, the last division of that vary finete.
giment, the oth Dragoon Guards, embarked at
Portsmouth for Portugal. -Cholera! litAtict weoc
down to take leave of these fine fellows.
- The skeleton'ot General Mottatsotea battalion of
the both Itegiroeut has arrived at the Isle of Wight,
from the West

• PEDHSTII IA Nts,4.—Yesterday a.match ag4inst tim,±
took place in Busily Park : a gentleman, Mr. W.
recenfly from Seotland,:widerlook to go 14 miles in
two hotirs, the first eight of which he perlormed the
first hour, and at the conclusion had tco toiaottai to
spare. It was for 1006 guineas.,
