ocertbrow a Arplized despmtistn in. September last.—(New
.Sung-7'he riembrizers.)
2.. " The Marten who were killed and wounded in this me-
morable effort to-break the yoke of religious persecution.—
(Song—Pet:or ./4. ate Sfoils ry. the Ilrnies.)
•6 May the .nett attempt he crowned with success, so
that we nay hail a' new band of brothers, attA reitrice over
another piopte emancipated trout slavery,"--Song—Since
Men arc Rogues gat euery drgree.)—(l64l.)

[Morning Chronicle.]

By LET'rEB from BOMBAY, dated the Ist of
May, we learn that the Governor, Mr. ELPHIN-
STONE, .had returned to the Presidency from a
journey to Banda in the Guzzerat, the object of
which was to place the C uiocar in the sole pos-
session of tt S territory, which had been pre-
viously unties the coutrout of the Resident. It
is, said that 1e found the affairs not iu a good
state, paeticalarty the accounts. He gives him a
luau to c,inalence with, and leaves the govern-
ment of the country entirely to his Highness.
Mr. Elphinstone has, by this trip of six weeks,
done more Claws would have been effected by a
Written CoCTespondence of two years. His ex-
perience 'of twenty years in diplomatic inter-
course with the subtle natives of the country,
and his perfect knowledge of their language and
customs, give him such an ascendancy over their
Minds, that with the just and liberal use which
he makes of his power, inclines them to yield
with confutepae to every proposition that he
snakes. We understand, that in compliance with
the`Wise measure of Lord Hastings, he removed
the censure frsin tine press of Bombay. Report
sayS, however, that a peremptory order is gone
out from the Court of Directors, to restore the
press to its former thraldom, without taking a
moment to ascertain. the consequences of a liberal
system. The Govi?rnment of India is subject to
all the inconvonie;acies of a free press in the
hands of the natives:, and yet the Court unwisely
subjugates the English. It is not pretended that
any licentious iuse his been made of the liberty
of unrestrained publication, and the Courts of
La w are quite ',sufficient to the duty of protecting
both GoVeturnient and individuals from the effects
of t:alunany„ We trust that this important sub-
ject wilt be brought before a General Court of,
Proprietors.

[The Times.]

By the following letter froM Convv, our rea
tiers will !cairn .the probability of the approaching
end. to Art RACH.t.'S power and tyranny, and the
expected restoration by the Porte to their right-
ful owners of(the various seizures of spoil and terri-
tory made by That atrocious usurper. It remains
to be seen to what extent the unfortunate Par-
guinotes are !likely to profit under the influence
of this new spirit of restitution. On the singular
plea of fulfilling, a treaty made with the Porte,
the people of Varga. were driven from their na-
tive country, which -was delivered over to the bit-
terest enemy of the Grand Seignor, a notorious
and acknowledged rebel. This fraud was scan-
dalous. But now that Sir T.MAITL.IND'S neigh-
bour,•All Pachtt, has paid, or is about to pay, the
forfeit of his crimes, we trust that the British
Commissioner will not interpose to frustrate what-
ever movements of justice or humanity the Porte
may have in contemplation for the relief of, that
injured people :
Extract of a Letter, dated Corfu, Sept. 2, 1820.
" On Monday last Prevesa was, surrendered to
the forces of the Grand Seignor by Veli
second son of Ali Pacha, who went on board of
the Turkish -1-drniral's ship, and surrendered him-
self : they sa y- that both he and Meemet Paths,
his younger brother, who commanded at Parga,
have been sent prisoners to Constantinople.
Pashie Bey is also said to have entered Janina at
the head of 12,000 troops, and that Ali Pacha
had retired into a fortress with only 500 men,
who were all that had remained faithful to -him.
The news of his death or capture is daily ex-
pected. According to accounts from Constanti-
nople, the Sultan has declared the various terri-
tories v. hich Ali Pacha had successively added
to his l'achalic to he restored to their original po-
litical condition, and to be free from any taxes or
contributions for the period of three years., In
consequence of this intelligence, the Pargninote
emigrants who remain here have sent a deputa-
tion to Constantinople, to solicit the restitution
of -their territory." '•

[Nero Times.]
This day will probably be distinguished in the
annals of faction, by two memorable events, the
presentation of the London, Westminster, and
Southwark Address to the. Queen, and the din-
srer in celebration of three great Revolutions at
the CrOWn.and Anchor. As to the Address, it
will perhaps be sanctioned with not less thari
200,000 signatures, nor ought this to excite the
least surprise, for a roost active canvas has been
carried on from house to house, for the purpose of
obtaiuing,not the signatures of housekeepers, but
those of the apprentices and servants of tradesmen.
With so many active agents employed among so
vast a population, it would be easy to procure
this number .of names to almost any absurdity ;
and if the Address is sent up with less, there
must be some disinclination on the part of the
people to sign it. As to the Revolutionary Din-
ner, it would deserve no notice, were it not that a
Duke, the only Irish Nobleman of that rank,
has descended to mix in the orgies of Hunt's
associates. What is this poor deluded Veer
dreaming about ? Has he read over the list
of Stewards ? Has he any recollection or know-
ledge of what passed in France •in the year
1792 ? The following remark by his Grace's il-
lustrious countryman, the immortal Burke,
well deserves his serious meditation. " I assure
his Grace that the Frenchified faction, more en-
couraged than others are warned by what has
happened in France, look at him and his landed
possessions as an object at once of curiosity and
rapacity." This was addressed to an English
Duke ; and though perhaps the " landed pos-
sessions" of the Duke of Leinster may not be
quite so extensive as those which Burke had in
his eye, yet no doubt they are large enough to
tempt some who will have the honour of sitting
to-clay in his Grace's company.

FRENCH REVOLU CIOSARY BIOG RAPHY.

MEMOIRS OF THE LATE MARSHAL LEFEBVRE, DUKE

OF DANTZIC.
(By the Editor of" The British Monitor.")
This celebrated personage, who performed such
a conspicuous character in the mock Court of
St. Cloud, was the son of a soldier, who was
afterwards a miller at Rutrach in Alsace. He
was born on the 95th of October, 1755, and
while very young enlisted in the French Guards,
in which he became serjeaut. At the com-
mencement of the Revolution he was rapidly
promoted, and in 1792 employed in the army
of the Rhine, under the command of General
Custance. He commanded the advanced guard
which entered Mayence. When he entered that
city he caused the principal inhabitants to be
assembled in the great square, and addressed
them thus in German and French ; being an
Alsatian, the good General spoke both lan-
guaes, though very badly :—" Je suis venu
ici pour vous apporter /a liberty ; mais, si
vous bougez, je vous enverrai f-- f----
" leh kornm bier' unt such freiheit au Bringen,
aber wenn ihr each ruhrt so soil each der Teufel
hohlen ?",--" I came here to give you liber-
ty, but if you stir—l will send you all to
hell !! !" After having signalized himself at
the battles of Zheimbacly and Geisbacq, he
was made General of division. He commanded
the troops who besieged Fort Vauban, after-
wards entered the Palatinate and blocked up the
head of the bridge of Manheirn. Having ob-
tained the command of ,the advanced guard of
the same army, he led it through the Ardennes
in May 1794, and after having passed the Meuse
at Dinan, came under the walls of Charleroi,
where his division formed the right wing a the
besieging army. In this station he withstood
several violent attacks, in particular that on the
Sth of Messidor. He then took possession of
Fleurus, whence after having been several times
fiercely assailed, he succeeded in forcing the Al-
lied troops to retreat, a success owing in part to
the firmness of General Leval, who served under
him. Ile afterwards continued to command the
advanced guard of the same army, which was
now called that of Sambre and Meuse, and ob-
tained several advantages on the heights of
Liege and at Linnach, and chewed astonishing
intrepidity after twice; passing the Rhine in 1795
and 1796, as also in the two retreats consequent
on thus crossing, in which he and his division
had several times to sustain all the efforts of the
Austrian army. In 1799 he was employed un-
der Jourdan, when he made an irruption into
Suabia, and he again headed the advanced guard,
which gained, immortal glory at the battle of
Stokach, iu which he received a wound in his
arm from a musquet, and when Jourdan thought
proper to sound a retreat, it was undauntedly
covered by LefebVre. On his return to Paris at
the crisis of the 18th of June, he was placed on
the list of candidates for the renewal of the Di-
rectory ; he was powerfully supported by many
Generals, but the Jacobins ultimately gave the
preference to Moulin, whom they believed to be
more at their disposal. He was afterwards ap-
pointed Commandant of Paris, but he gave up
this post to General Buonaparte, and declared
strongly in favour of the revolution of the 18th
Brumaire. From that time he was one of the
Generals in whom the First Consul placed most
confidence ; he appointed him the next day his
first lieutenant, employed him under himself in
the capital, and caused him to be elected, in
April 1800, a member of the Preservative Se-
nate, of which, in July 1803, he was appointed
Vice-President; the 17th of September follow-
ing he was nominated Praetor, and soon after
went to preside in the electoral college of the
Upper Rhine. In May 1803, he was raised to
the dignity of a Marshal. In the war with Aus-
tria in 1805 he commanded the, national guards
assembled on the•frontiers, but took no active
part in that campaign. In that against Prussia,
in 1806, he 'commanded' the imperial foot guards
at the battle at Jena. He followed the grand
army, and was present at the battle of Eylau,
after which he was sent to besiege Dantzig,
with ,the army consisting chiefly of Poles. In
1808 he was employed in the army in Spain,
where he defeated the .Generals Blake and Ito-
mana. In 1809 he had a command in the army
against Austria, and was sent into the Tyrol.
It was owing to his perfidious manoeuvres
that the brave Andrew Hofer was arrested
and afterwards shot. In the Russian cam-
paign, in 1812, Lefebvre also commanded
the imperial guard. On his retreat from Mos-
cow he lost his only, son (who was his aide-de-
camp) at Wilna, who died of a fever. The fol-
lowing yetir he commanded in the interior,,
against the Allies. When Buonaparte abdicated
he sent in his adliaion to the Provisional Go-
vernment, for Which he was created by the
King a Chevalier de St. Louis. In the hundred
cloys he was created a Peer by Buonaparte, in
consequence of which he was erased from the
list of Peers on the King's second restoration,
and deprived of his rank of Marshal. The lat-
ter honour, however, was again conferred on
him by the King in 1816. Ile died in Paris on
the 10th September 1820, without issue. Such
are the outlines of the military character of
Marshal Lefebvre, Duke of Dantzic. As to his
private life, it is pretty well known that this
Duke of Dantzic never quitted a country empty-
handed ; and although a great practical partizan
of liberty, and a great Jacobin, his hands were
not stained with blood, like many other revolu-
tionary officers who now affect,to be great Roya-
lists, such as Generals Canuel and Donadieu.—
The affair of Hofer was no doubt all managed by
Buonaparte himseW, and Lefebvre was only his
tool. His manners were low and disgusting. The
first time I saw him was at one of Madame Re-
camier's balls. I was standing near him, when
he was inquiring of a young man the names of
several Ladies who were dancing or otherwise
employed. The inquiries, so often repeated,
tired the young man's patience, who said to him,
rather angrily, not knowing the person .who was
:peaking to him, as he was not dressed iu uni-

form, " D'ou Diable venez vous .9"—(Where the -
devil do you come from?)—The General repliee2
"De la lune, ou je jamais un de
ton espece. Jc in'appellc le General Lefebvre'',
(FroM the Moon, where I never saw a fellow 0'
your stamp."
Madame Lefebvre excites more risibility thgn
any beaux esprits ever did, by her vulgar lan'
guage ! Madame la Duchesse was many ye°,rs
a washerwoman to the barracks at Strasburg'',
When she married Lefebvre she became a ra:
uaudeuse, (a mender of stockings and linen,/
and discontinued washing for the soldiers. When
her husband first joined the army, about a
wi fear •
before the commencement of hostilities th _
Austria in the year 1790, Madame la Duch tie
de Dantzic was appointed raraudeuse tothe
larmy ! which is of higher rank than that, oa
washerwoman. When Lefebvre became Generals
his wife, who went again to live at Strasburghy
Would not give up her old trade of washing, saY-
ing, she did not know what might happen.
After Lefebvre's elevation to the Duchy °I
Dantzic, the inhabitants of that city voted hirn
a present of 500,000 livres. When the Dantzic
Deputies, who were at Paris, waited upon him,
to give it him, the noble Duke refused taking it--
in liz.ves—hut insisted upon it in francs, which
makes a difference, upon the whole sum, of abott,-
300 louis !
Such a pair of portraits were. never seen, ner
even imagined, but by the humorous Cervantes.

From the LONDON GAZETTE of Sept. 3(1"

BANKRUPTUY ENLARGED.
S. Warner, Ashford, Kent, ship-owner, from Oct. 3, to
No/. 21.

and eo.
(let. 41.
.t%1',0014i
.e
.otßt
Forster.r. a
Oittl
lii
degß,l ißA,olll.).ll,otUrri
er,eit. ‘‘,3 :inn, de iriewii
merchants—Oct.
glass-cutter, O5l
7, 14, and Nov. 11, at eleven, at Guildhall. Solicitor, Ig'
Turner, Percy-street, Btdford•square. A •
A. Morton, Lower Thames-street, 6,h-factor, Oct. 7,
and Nov. 11, at ten, at Guildhall. Solicitor, Mr. T. Flo`"'
Fenchurch7buildings, Ferichureb-street.
J. Payne, D. Reid, and T. H ill, Norwich, hombazeen-ow
nufacturers, Oct. 13, 14. and Nov. 11. at four, at the r. '
folk Hotel, Norwich. Solicitors, Messrs. Tay'or and ,7
King's Bench-walk, Temple; and Messrs. Grand and 9'. •
Not wich. • an
W. Statinard, Norwich, manufacturer, Oct. 13, 14. °-
Nov. 11, at four, at the Norfolk Hotel, Norwich. Solicitc'fi'.
Messrs. Taylor and Co. King's Bench-walk, Temple.
RDalylairDshE,NKleSist., farmer—Oct. 21, /1,;1
Homan, Barking, Essex, smack-owner—Oct. 21, J, BA "%I.
Farish, Whitehaven, Cumberland, mariner—Oct. 23, • •„v
kips, Coventry, Doctor of physic—Oct. 93, E. Akock. -4,,t.",..
stone, Warwickshire. hat-manufacturer—Oct. e 3, W.,.,'''„,,,. .
comb, Coventry,. ribbon-manufacturer—Oet. 26, 'l'. 1151",',.-.. •
Hereford. grocer—Oct. 24, C. Scoles, Bensington,Oxfordsb
_,,"‘";
grocer--Oet. IS, G. Baylis, Stapleton, Gloucestershire, Jo" I,
—Oct. 23, A. Buyer. P Hole, and K. Kenyon, Liverpof:r
merchants—Nev. 3. .1. Nield, Midge-hill. Yorkshire. cipt
—Oct. 23, T. Meacher, Newport Pagnell. Blickingballog,—,::
common-brewer—Nov. 6, a 'Johnston, Brown-street,lL-
over-square, smith—Oct. 14, W. Miller, Mitre-court, r Ili.
street, merchant—Oct. 48, L. Lyons, Lower Shad ter',.
brewer—Oct. 24. It. Walmesiey, M. Turner, and W. J., 'ld '
ner, Basingliall-street, merchants—Oct. 14, R. re.
Maidstone, dealer in hops—Nov. 4, J. Hemming, Loopo 6:
linen-draper—Oct. 28, T. Brown, Strand, tailor—Nur. 4',f,
Bate, Bristol, victualler—Oct. 44, .1; Southee, CauterbO''
baker.

CERTIFICATES- OCT.'2 1 .
W. Pettinger, Sculcoates, Yorkshire, wood-turntr-",0
West, Bridcnhury, Herefordshire, dealer—C. Wrightt_`;o4
Ford, MiddleseS, sand dealer—T. Stanton, Drum'
chcesemonger—R. Fuwle, Biandford, Dorsetsbire, drata,
Greaves, Birmingham, victualler—G. Rose, Shc_.kne
grocer—J. Mars, Snow's•fields, Bermondsey, Spanish LW'
dresser.

-- -
MEDICAL BOARD, NEAR BLACKFRIAIt'S BOO'

Sir FRANCIS DANIEL, M. D. Treasures...oo
Messrs. COOPER, MUNROE, and Co. Physick,,
and Surgeons, of nearly forty years' ex-;
Members of the Royal Colleges of London, Ealflo
burgh, and Dublin, whose success in practiOtt,
unparalleled in the annals of Medicine, fm, si",*
tar as it may appear, during the last. seven IeIV
upwards of 30,000 Patients have been cute e'
prevailing diseases, many of the .cases, aftel.. r 0
spectable Surgeons, and even HospiialS,
failed.
Messrs. COOPER and Co. claim the Went;
of those who have been injured and deCelre,
by the specious promises of illiterate. Poo,
- tenders.—Mark the conseqpences cf the Lei
rant practitioner—Eruptions on the head, 'AI
and body, ulcerated throat, swellings in thetas,
'strictures, fistulas, nodes on the Jiin-n°"),11
swelled ancles, noise in the ears, dimucss stmt
pains in the head and limbs, frequently 0115tilifin;
and often fatally treated, as Rheumatlsol,
to the improper use of mercury.
ait a $'
Messrs. COOPER and Co., are csu- e the
Charlotte House, Charlotte-street, oprosAittoc;
Rev. Rowland Hill's Chapel, and W°°':„ Old
House, near Bond-street, daily from eiglit
morning till nine at night. tied
Advice gratis to the Labouring Class nito
evening from six to nine, and on Sunday ni°l-
until twelve o'clock.
N. B. Rapture's.of 94 incises in circurnfrr eed
of 30 years' standing, are returned and 14046(
without confinement. Trusses are ma r 1
prf
their own inspection, on a much improve‘tleop
ciple, differing from all others now in
*** Letters, stating particulars font
fee, answered by return of post, when Ale'rt§
and the best advice will be sent to all Pa
the kingdom.
Wtt.soN, the Blackheath Pedestrian,baSiod
in his undertaking of walking ninetY 11.0 ilfte_,
gave
,oir
twentv-four successive hours ; he
completing eighty-eight miles,in twelltl
hours and forty-eight minutes.
tte

rwic
Wednesday, the 47th all. at Vpton,
of Edward Morant Gale, Esq. a

Bill

On
Lady

-
MAItI!IF.D.
..........„.„............."
fish On
At
nbiet,T,
sha od fo
rA. August, at
the
t Rev.l.ris ,tiattn trly) e
tiCb:ineilli,ctisocietei!
('Hare, P:sq. late of the fst regiqieut of dr.‘4o("l4:rboe
Watson Bolton, youngest daughter of •the l,"
ton, Esq. M.D. of Harlow lodge, Esser. dr"
' ------
..__________ -_ 10 if,
DIF.D• !sirs, S., 1,0
On Saturday last, in Golden square, agol.,s3liin)oref, ,A°
gor, relict of the late James Macgregor, of "ed 74 fele.rol.'
On Friday last, at Bromley, in Kent. "4 `_,,,,1f ''
Wheble, Esq. a principal Proprietor of the C"`

ret
ra, ;
ter INT)ON : Printed hyJ. B. CARSTAIRS, (:.f.hed eip
Ittc. (post-paid
ore ttttt (I.street, Queen-square: and pubilP-0
SCIIIPPS, of No. 7. South Moltonrstrfel,lol4,
131Fce. No. I 12. strand
trulst be addressed'
