PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, MAY 20.

2 per Cent. Consols ........ —..... 90 Grand Canal Debs. li per cent 89
Ditto Reduced .......... ..... ... Ditto, 4 per cent 5874
34 per Cent. Stock 97% Hibernian Bank
iiitto New, 1830
:V.) oPr Cent. Debentures...— 9uK National Insurance Co. —
Rank Stock 196 City Debentures, 4 per cent...
lioyal Canal Stock --Ballast Office Debentures, 4
. .._ . _.

;rand Canal Stock

per cent.

MAILS.

Arrived. Due Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due
0 America.......... 0 2 France.... ...... .. 0 0 Liston 0
0 ilrazil..... ..... 0 1 Guern.&Jersey 0 0 Malta 0
n BuenoS Ayres.. 0 0 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico-- ...... 0
0 rarthagena ..... 0 1 Holland 0 0 Ostend.. ...... ... 0
2 Dublin—. ..... 0 0 Jamaica ......
2 F anders 0 0 Leeward Islands 0 2 Waterford 0

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Mn-ning ..... ....16 minutes after 4. J Evening...... 39 minutes after 4.

THE KAFFIR WAR.

New ready, in 2 vols. Bvo., with Maps and Numerous Plates, by
Major C. C. Michell, K. H.
CAPTAIN ALEXANDER'S NARRATIVE
of a VOYAGE of OBSERVATION
Among the COLONIES of WESTERN AFRICA, in the Flog
Ship " Thalia ;" and of
A CAMPAIGN in KAFFIRLAND, in 1836.
On the Staff of the Commander-in-Chief.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

The publication of THR SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 22, 1837.

The important question of the abolition of Church-
rates is to be discussed to-night in the House of
Commons, and as the feeling of the country has been
clearly shewn to be more deeply embarked in this
question than in any that has been agitated since
the passing of the Reform Bill, it would be super-
tluous on our part to urge upon Honourable Mem-
bers the necessity of being at their posts. The
plan who, in such a case, can want any other mo-
nitor than his own sense of duty, is not likely to be
infkenced by an appeal to his understanding.
Since the debate which took place on the first in-
troduction of this question, much light has been thrown
upon the subject by the press. The representatives of the
people do not approach this second discussion with those
embarrassments which were not unnaturally produced
in their minds by the uncertainty which generally pre-
vailed as to the legal part of the question. It has been
over and over again proved by the researches of some
of our most gifted lawyers, that the support of the fa-
bric of the Churches, and the supply of the things ne-
cessary for public worship, fell originally upon those
who received the tithe. There is no fact in history
better established than this. The next great point
to be considered is one no less clearly made out—
namely, that neither common nor statute law authorises
the:: levying of a Church-rate, unless a majority of the
parishioners shall have first agreed to it. Sir J. CAMP-
BELL has put this point beyond all doubt in his letter
to Lord STANLEY. In that admirable production the
Attorney-General has produced all the decisions in
Courts of Law which properly bear upon the
question, and there is not one of them that
does not confirm the all-important position that
a Court of Law cannotinterfereto compel the Parishio-
ners to make a Church-rate, though it may enforco
the levying of the rate after it has been made by a ma-
jority of them in vestry assembled. Attempts, feeble
enough, it must be confessed—have been made to in-
validate the opinion of the Attorney-General ; but
what do general reasonings, or the extra-judicial dicta
of lawyers—admitting that such dicta could be found
—avail in such a case ? Absolutely nothing.
What is wanted by the sticklers for compulsory rating
is a decision by a Court of Law, clearly laying down
the principle, and carrying out the practice for which
they contend. Have they produced such a decision ?
They have not—and for the best of reasons—because
they cannot.

flow the burden came to be shifted from the shoul-
ders of the clergy to those of the laity is a question cf
do great moment. All history bears testimony to the
rapacity of the clergy, and to the gradual, sly, and
stealthy process by which they contrived to introduce
their impositions, and bind their burdens on the necks
of the people. It is sufficient for us to kinnv that
this Z. an imposition, and that all we have to
encounter in resisting it are the now harmless thunders
of the Church. The parish Church may, we be-
lieve be shut up by ecclesiastical law, and the ana-
thema called " excommunication" fulminated against
the impious recusants ; but we are pretty well assured
the Church does not feel itself so strong as to venture
upon a step that would have no other effect than to
make it the laughing-stock of the world.
There is one other point which we have to notice
before we conclude these hasty observations. In all
the clerical petitions, and in almost all the others,
-which have been got up against the abolition
of Church-rates, it has been insisted upon as
leading doctrine, that the maintenance of the fabric of
the Church, by rates levied on the people, and the ex-
Istfnce of the Establishment, are convertible terms.
Abolish Church-rates, say they, and you sever the
'ain link that unites Church and State. Now that
this is agross fallacy—we might say a wilful deception—
ineeds, we think, no other proof than this, that there are
.5,000 parishes in England and Wales, in which the
Churches are supported entirely by private bequests,
land in which such a thing as a Church-rate was never
heard of.

The Tories, emboldened by the recent success of
their pet-candidate for Westminster, are now proposing
to thrust in another of the faction for Glasgow. But
this time they will find themselves completely out in
their reckoning ; for Glasgow is not Westminster, but,
on the contrary, is, ever has been, and, we trust, ever
will be, distinguished by its staunch adherence to the
principles of Constitutional reform, and its consequent
abhorrence of Toryism. Between the two proposed can-
didates for Glasgow, Mr. MONTEITH the Conservative,
and Mr. DF.NNISTOUN, the Reformer, there can be nu
Snore comparison than there can be between light and
darkness, truth and falsehood, liberty and slavery. The
former is a thick and thin supporter of the very worst
faction, that ever dishonoured and turned to the most
interested purposes, the name and influence of States-
men ; the latter is an advocate of every useful Reform;
respected alike for his practical, business-like,
habits, and the uncompromising character of his
principles. He is, in fact, a Liberal of the best
school, just as his rival is a Tory of the worst. Be-
tween the claims of these two candidates what Glas-

I 1 Reformer can fail to make an instant decision ?
i3eardless Cantabs are not wantcd for the mercantile
metropolis of Scotland ; but men of experience—of

foresight—of clear, sound understanding. Such a
man is Mr. DENNISTOUN, whom Glasgow accord-
ingly, if she still holds to her ancient creed ; if she
still remains what she was during the reign of PITT
and DUNDAS, when she made a gallant stand
against the system of espionage and terrorism then in-
troduced, will not fail to return as her representative.
Though we doubt not for an instant of the success of
this gentleman, yet we feel persuaded that his friends
cannot keep too constantly on the alert ; for over-con-
fidence, though the result of well-founded anticipa-
tions, has damaged many a good cause ere now.
Therefore we say to the Glasgow electors, be ever at
your posts—be incessant in your efforts to ensure a
triumph to your candidates, just as though success
were more than doubtful, and only to be ensured by
each individual elector putting his shoulder bravely to
the wheel. To stand still with your arms folded, look-
ing tranquilly on, while your enemy is day and night
at work in all quarters of the city, would, under exist-
ing circumstances, be worse than folly ; it would be a
gross dereliction of your duties as citizens. But we need
anticipate no such conduct on the part of the Glasgow
Reformers, for we perceive by the provincial journals,
that they are fully awake to the necessity of putting a
check on this cry of re-action which the Tories are
just now so diligently getting up. At a public meet-
ing, which took place at the Bazaar on Friday last,
and at which vast numbers of the Glasgow electors at-
tended, the feeling in favour of Mr. DENNISTOUN
was most unequivocally expressed. Mr. GRA-
HAM, of Whitehill, a gentleman who has grown
grey in the service of Reform, and who was hard
at work in the people's cause, at a time
when Mr. MONTEITH was yet playing with his
coral and bells in the cradle ;—this veteran patriot;
after expatiating in becoming terms on the strong
claims that the Reform candidate had upon the sup-
port of his fellow citizens, made some apt, significant
allusions to the conduct, some few years since, of that
despotic faction, which Mr. MONTEITH was now so
anxious to represent in Parliament. " Were there any
persons," he said, " who could look back with
him to the year 1793, and could remem-
ber the evils that had been brought on
the country, through the insolence, the corruption,
the subserviency, and the baseness of the Tory fac-
tion ? It would be unnecessary for him to speak to
such of the tyrannical proceedings of the Tories. But
to the young he would say, that for attending such a
meeting as the present, many had been sent to Botany
Bay for life, and some had been there cruelly mur-
dered, through ill-usage. He remembered when Ma-
gistrates of Glasgow, all of them tall, athletic men,
kicked out of the public coffee-room an infirm, old
man, merely because he had, on the day preceding,
attended a Reform meeting." Such as the Tories
were in those days of which Mr. GRAHAM here
speaks, such are they now—such will they ever con-
tinue to be. Toryism, whatever it may profess to the
contrary, is at heart, unchanging—unchangeable. The
interests of the Few in opposition to those of the
Many, are the prime objects of its solicitude. If it
appear before us just now quiet and crouching in its
attitude, it is only because, like the tiger, it is pre-
paring for its deadly spring. It hates, even more than
it is hated by, the People, and would mow them down
by platoons, as of old at Manchester, were it again
to obtain the power. This is the faction against
which the Glasgow Reformers now go forth to combat.
They are called on to set an example of patriotism to
the rest of the community ; to show themselves good
men and good citizens ; to give a wholesome stimulus
to the cause of improvement ; and to show that they
know the difference between cant and common sense—
between the principles of a MONTEITH and those of a
DENNISTOUN. We conjure them, as men anxious for
the furtherance of their own and their children's inte-
rests, not to slumber at their posts ; not to take success
for granted, however great the chances may be in their
favour : not to be led astray, or lulled into indifference
by the affected supineness of the Tories ; but to exert
their utmost energies, lay aside all trifling differences ;
and confederate for the common good. Thus acting,
they cannot choose but conquer, and render their vic-
tory so decided, that no Tory shall ever again presume
to rear his head in Glasgow. We subjoin a copy of
Mr. DENNISTOUN'S electoral address. It is sen-
tentious and emphatic, full of sound principles ex-
pressed in the most lucid and fearless manner :

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE CITY OF GLASGOW.
GENTLEMEN,
A public meeting of the citizens having called upon me to
come forward on the present occasion, as candidate for the re-
presentation of the city in Parliament, I willingly accede to
their request.
As I shall have many opportunities before the election takes
place, of explaining to you in detail my political sentiments, I
do not think it necessary at present to do more than state, in
general terms, what those sentiments are, and how I would
act, should I have the high honour of becoming your repre-
sentative.

I am, as I ever have been, a decided Reformer, and a stre-
nuous advocate for the maintenance and promotion of popular
rights. . . . .

—I
anxiously desire to return to the old Constitutional law of
Triennial Parliaments, the adoption of the Ballot, the Repeal
of all Regulations which obstruct the Registration of porsons
qualified according to the spirit of the Reform Act, and the
adoption of measures to prevent the creation of fictitious votes.
I am a decided friend to a limited monarchy, and anxious to
see the various branches of the Legislature working harmoni-
ously together ; and would therefore vote for such a Reform
of the House o Peers as would bring about that most desi-
rable and necessary end.

I am of opinion that the present Ministry is the most en-
lightened and the best that this country has ever possessed ;
and I would go into Parliament with an anxious wish to give
them my support ; at the same time I differ from them on some
important points. And I would on all occasions be guided by
what I believed to be for the good of the country at large. I
approve of their policy with regard to Ireland, and would cor-
dially support them in their endeavours to do justice to that
unhappy and hitherto misgovered country.
I would support the Church of Scotland in the enjoyment
of her present revenues ; but I am opposed to any additional
grant from the public purse, ai unjust to the Dissenters.
I am an enemy to monopolies of every kind, and I shall
never cense to urge a total repeal of the Corn-laws.
I would maintain inviolate the claims of the national cre-
ditor, but am opposed to all sinecures and unmerited pensions.
In a word, should I have the honour of being your represen-
tative, I shall ever be found-at my post, and will resolutely and
fearlessly do my duty.
I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,

Your very faithful servant,
Bath-street, May 20, 1837. JOHN DENNISTOUN.

The Paris Papers of Friday and Saturday, received
to-day, announce the capitulation of Fontarabia with-
out the firing of a shot. The following telegraphic
despatch was published by the French Government in
the Mon iteur of Friday

" BAYONNE, May 18, 5 o'clock, p.m.
" Fontarabia offered no resistance, and capitulated at noon
The garrison consisted of nearly 300 men (soldiers) and some
armed peasants."

The same journal of Saturday published the an-
nexed despatch from Bayonne, communicated by
telegraph :

" THE GENERAL COMMANDING Trig 20TH MILITARY DIVISION TO

THE WAR MINISTER.

" BAYONNE, May 19, Two o'clock.
" Twenty battalions and twelve squadrons of Carlists passed
the Argo at Echarry on the 18th, moving to Arragon. The
expedition is in sight of Irribarren, who has left Puente la
Reyna with twelve battalions and 600 cavalry. An engage-
ment cannot fail to take place. The Carlist vanguard was on
the same day at noon at Noain, where the Tudela and Sau-
guessa roads meet."

The successes gained by the QUEEN'S Generals,
will enable them, without difficulty, to keep open the
road from Bayonne to Madrid, so that the army can
draw abundant supplies from France. On the 13th
Don CARLOS left Estella, but for what place we arc
not informed. Great projects are supposed to occupy
the thoughts of Don SEBASTIAN, who is presumed
to be manceuvring a junction with CABRERA'S force
beyond the Ebro. If he succeed, the prolongation of
the war, for several months, may be the consequence.
But that is by no means probable, as his whole force,
on the 18th, was within sight of General IftRABAR-
BEN, who was prepared to dispute his approach to the
river. It is very likely that the next despatches from
the North of Spain, will bring the result of a general
action between the armies under the command of the
Pretender's nephew and the Constitutional Viceroy.
On Friday evening the Doctrinaires and their par-
tizans in the Chamber of Deputies held a meeting at
the house of M. HARTMANN, for the purpose' of
ascertaining their numbers, and organizing a plan of
political operations. A hundred and seventy-seven
Deputies attended, and it was stated that the faction
could muster two hundred and four Members, who
would support the system of policy carried on for the

last seven years—in other words, who would labour to
establish a despotism in France. The meeting was
addressed by M. GulzoT, who very properly was
called upon to explain its object. This organization of
the Doctrinaires may be turned to excellent account
by Ministers, if they exert their influence before the
dissolution of the Chambers, which will take place
early in autumn, if not sooner. The abettors of
tyranny will now become known, and of course can
easily be pointed out to the electors in the different
Departments.
The Chamber of Peers, by a majority of 73
against 28, passed the Bill for converting the site of
the Archiepiscopal Palace into pedestrian pleasure
grounds for the citizens of Paris. There was a cry of
sacrilege and spoliation among the Legitimists and
defenders of the claims of the Holy See ; but M.
BA RTIIE met it by a bold declaration, that the pro-
perty of the Church was the bona fide property of the
State, which alone had a right to dispose of it as the
community might judge expedient.
There is no other domestic news of engrossing in-
terest in these Journals. On Saturday the Chamber
of Deputies was engaged with the presentation of pe-
titions. One from Madame PONTRET, " pro-
prietress and editress " of the Ladies' Gazette,
praying for the suppression of Article 213 of the
Penal Code, which enacts that husbands are bound
to protect their wives, and wives are bound to
yield obedience to their husbands, excited a good deal
of merriment. The reporter, M. LIADIERE, com-
mented upon the prayer of the petition in a speech re-
plete with sallies of rich humour, which was responded
to by shouts of laughter. The Chamber, however,
came to the conclusion that the claims of married ladies
to independence were not tenable. A petition for the
suppression of Stock-exchange gambling was treated
with more gravity, and was referred to the Minister
of Finance, who pronounced himself favourable to the
adoption of its prayer.
Annexed are extracts from the Paris papers :
The Phare de Bayonne of the 16th, received this morning,
can give only news older than the telegraph has brought us.
But what is remarkable in that journal is, that the retrograde
march of Don Sebastian, and the abandonment of the line of
the frontier, have excited dissentions among the insurgents,
who now loudly exclaim against the Madrelinos. Guibelalde
and Iturriaga, in particular, says the Phare, are enraged at
this abandonment, and in their discontent have announced to
the inhabitants the approaching arrival, advising them to take
such part as they should think fit. These Chiefs had a
right to expect that the entrenchments, at which the
people have so long laboured, would serve to de-
fend their homes ; they thought they could com-
bat, and were preparing to do so, with an ardour which
might bare proved fatal to the Queen's troops, when the signal
for a shameful evacuation was given.
The Guipiscoana are the more disgusted, as official letters
from Obanos, of the 14th, announce that General Iribarren
had made no movement towards Estella. The departure of
the Infante could not therefore be founded on a cause which
did not exist, and the report which was .spread to that effect is
therefore groundless.
Some Carlist deserters who arrived on the 14th, repoited
that notice had been published on that day, in all the villages
between Oyarzun and Irun, that the inhabitants might take
such part as they should think best for them, in consequence
of the departure of the greater part of the troops with the
Infante Don Sebastian.—Phare de Bayonne, May 20.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PeaIe, MAY 19.
Five per Cents., Iosf. 10SF. Lc.
Four per Cents., 0.1. 90c.
rhrce per cents. 79f. sc. 10e. 15e. 20c.
Bank Actions, 2,43uf.
Rente ae Naples, 90t 55c. 50e 55e.
Roman Five per Cents., 101Wi.
Spanish Actives, 1.17j,',%8c.
Spanish Ditleres, 9%1.
Spanish Passives, ti% 4.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 101 101
Portuguese Three per Cents 3_A 14.
Ha) tian Loan, 307 f. 50c. 315 f.
EXCHANDIt ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 31%c.; money, 25f. 5114 c.
hree months, paper, 2.5 f. 12%c. ; inane!. 25f. 12%c
o..rs Autherst,vrc.

FRENCH FUNDS —PARIP, MAT 20.
Five per Cent._ P Bf. 108 f. !Cc.
Four per Cent., WE
I hr, per Cents., 79f 2cc.
Pa 9k Action., 243 f
Dente i4e Sc'' foe. 55c.
Roman Fire per Cents., 0;1%54.
Spanish Actives, 244 25% 1:6%,
Spanish Differed, 54%
Spanish Passives, GS., 0 5%
B:!,;ian Loan, lyre per Cents., 101%.
Portuguese aan, Three per Cents, 30%%.
Finnan Loin, 355 E 3:5E 335 f. 33 f.
EXCUANGI, ors LONDON.
One month, paper, 25c.. 35c ; money, 25f. 35,,
Three months, paper, —s'. —c. ; money, 251: 15e
Authenlique•
LAST PRICES
Five per Cents., 1,181. ISe.
Three per Cents. 79f. 20c.
Bank Acti;nts. 2,>311f,
Rente de Naples, WE Mc.
Roman Five per Cents., 101.
Brussels Bank, 1,425 f.
Portugucse Three per Cents., 30,4.
Haytian .Loan, 330 f.
Spanish Actives, 2614.
Spanish Passives 5%. •
Spanish Dificres, 7%,
New Differes,

As the political prospects of Spain begin to brighten
in the Northern Provinces, the gloom which pervades
the social atmosphere of the interior proportionably
deepens. Barcelona, Reuss, Tarragona, and Cartha-
genti, are in a state of open insurrection, the Repub-
lican leaders having actually flung off all obedience to
the QUEEN'S Government. In a letter of the 12th
inst., which appears in the Messager of Saturday, the
proceedings at a secret sitting of the Cortes on the
preceding day, relative to the insurrections in Cata-
lonia, are denounced as scandalous in the extreme.
The Deputies from Barcelona actually set the autho-
rity of the President at defiance, and one of them was
only prevented by force from striking the Presi-
dent of the Council, whom he openly stigmatised
as a venal, perjured wretch, who deserved not
to live. MENDIZABAL was assailed with similar
violence of language and gesture ; and in repell-
ing the insulti:rg epithets showered upon him, is
said to have shed tears with rage. CALATRAVA,
notwithstanding the bullying of the Republican fac-
tion, took the affair very coolly, and with the most
provoking nonchalance assured his calumniators that
he would not resign his seat in the Cabinet till he had
subdued revolt and opposition. The same authority
states that six duels, arising out of this. scandalous dis-
cussion, were to have been fought on the 13th inst. by
Deputies in the vicinity of the capital I
If anything is wanted to show that without the ac-
tive intervention of France the pacification of the Pe-
ninsula is all but hopeless, the following cor-
respondence—which we copy from the illestager
of Saturday—will supply it. The King of
the FRENCH must see at a glance that if lie de-
cline to interfere in the Spanish quarrel now, an oc-
casion for his interference will arise, when he will be
compelled to perform a part which must procure for
him the hatred of the French Republicans. If he
persist in refa,iag, to free the QUEEN from the terrors
inspired by the bloed-polluted bands of Don CARLOS,
with what face can lie unsheath his sword to deliver
her MAJESTY from the clutches of the ultra-demo-
crats ? And yet the latter he must do if the Repub-
licans triumph—or quit France. The following is the
correspondence referred to :
" BARCELONA, MAY 11.—We are living in the utmost
anxiety. The Place d'Armes, the Alarasanas, the Citadel,
the Montgony, the Rambla--all are threatened with artillery.
At the corner of each street a cannon is placed. Yesterday
Xandero was executed. To sacrifice one single man a display
of 14,000 bayonets was necessary, and yet it was feared
that the victim would be rescued. The market women
never ceased during the execution to insult the execu-
tioners, and to cry for vengeance. On the other hand, the
fishermen, the labourers, and a number of young men, have
deserted the city, and gone over to the insurgents at Reuss
and Tarragona, although the perfidious Parreno has spread
a report that order is re-established in these two cities. The
Vapor and the Garde National, in the pay of Parreno, en-
deavour to spread a report of peace. The following decree of
the Provisional Government of Catalonia presents a true pic-
ture of the:state of affairs. Parreno, in fact has his alarms;
he knows that the people of Barcelona will not allow the
slaughter of upwards of 360 citizens without vengeance ;
either the city will remain encumbered with cannon, or the
least change will produce a terrible result. In the mean time
the town is deserted ; nearly 10,000 persons have quitted it ;
and all the shops and manufactories are shut.
"` PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTof CATALONIA.

..-,.-
4,......,,fi....,..- met
?Mse,
_____4-
Arb-it''
Vii.,
...-rl.-----,,,--..,7,-',.

.4611,e g;inio
