" many were made for one," and their purpose was every
where to degrade the many into being the servants or
the slaves of one or a few. According to them Govern-
ment was framed to preserve the many in slavery; and
by acting on that principle they brought Government
itself into disrepute. The progress of society put an
end to their scheme. As the people acquired know-
ledge it was necessary to defer to them. They could
no longer be ruled except by an appeal to their reason.
The Whig maxim of Government being framed for
the good of the people, became the universal creed,
and then the tyrant Tories turned Conservatives. Con-
servatives of what ? Of the Reform Act. We will
take our stand on that, said their organ, Sir R. PEEL,
and not allow it to be altered. In its progress
they denounced that Act as every thing that
was bad, and, unquestionably, it has not an-
swered the expectations of its framers. In many
points, as to the registration for example, it is admitted
by its authors to b a failure. The Tories, then, have
become conservatives of the errors and abortions of the
Whigs. High-minded politicians, whose greatest boast is
to adopt as their creed the discarded errors of the oppo-
nents whom they decry ! A similar fate has awaited
them from the time of the Revolution. The political
successors of the Jacobitesgradually became the staunch
supporters of the House of Hanover ; and the Tory
party, defeated in 1688, have since become rigidly con-
servative of the chains then imposed on their own ty-
ranny. Their principles have throughout made this their
lot ; and greater degradation we cannot conceive in any
race of boasting politicians than thus to live, as it were
like the worshippers of the Lama, on the dirt of their
opponents.
The degradation, however, is the natural and neces-
sary consequence of their principle. If a set of men
were to unite to preserve in use the ploughs and looms
and ships of each east generation and prevent all change,
and of course all improvement—if they had not the
power to arrest the progress of society, it is clear that
