GREAT WESTERN STEAM-SHIP.

olden time—of baronial and feudal legislation—a law made 600 years
ago' before England had a colony—and when her sway was confined to
her own island—a low totally unfit for the present day, and differing as
much from the spirit of your present laws as the feelings, minds, sad
pursuits of the men of that day differ from those of this.
It is a law, my Lord, which would deprive you, and every other per-
son in this numerous assembly, from emigrating to any country where
reasons political or pecuniary might point out, and bind you to the coun-
try, where by the chance medley of circumstances you were born, in
fetters as strong as those that bound the Saxon serf to till the farm of the
thane whose born thral he was.
Is it possible, my Lord, that at this advanced stage of civilization such
a law would be enforced—a prerogative which the Crown of other na-
tions holds over their born subjects, and one which every enlightened
being in the world, and particularly those residing in that independent
republic of which I am a citizen, will and .night to look upon with
horror and detestation ?
I protested on my triel against the jurisilir, lan of this Court; that I
could not be guilty of treason, not being a sunjast of Great Britain, but
a citizen of the United States; and that if I Ilan committed an offence, it
was one agaigst the law of nations, and that I could hot be tried in this
province, but in England, or the country of which I was a citizen.
It was admitted, my Lord, by the Court, that I was a citizen of the
United States, but not less a subject, having been born in Ireland ; that
being born a subject, no act of mine could make me aught else; that
Great Britain could, notwithstanding my citizenship, hold me as a
surest. Such doctrine, certainly, places the naturalized citizens of the
United States in a singular predicament, obliged as they are to do
military duty as well as the native born, without distinction. In event
of war, if they were oreered to invade the British dominion, by refusing
they would be punished by the one Government as for insubordination
and cowardice, or obeying, be punished by the other as a traitor.
A precedent was quoted by the Attorney-General in the case of Eneas
McDonald, which somewhat resembled mine. As your Lordship re-
marked, he was found guilty also, but not executed, and this hap..
pened niiiiity-three years ago. Since that time what a change has taken
place among nations, as among men : More liberal and extended
views have been held, both by the Governors and the governed; a new
nation has sprung up from English colonists, with a population of up-
wards of 17,000,000, one-fourth of whom are in the same situation as
myself, having been born under a Monarchy, but who have since become
citizens of a free and independent Republic, whose Constitution was
flamed directly opposite to the law laid down by this Court—" once a
subject, always a subject."
When tried, my Lord, I rested my defence on that ground. I did
not call evidence to prove, as I might have done, that when pursuing
my course from an American port, in an American schooner, and going
to an American island, end in the regular channel and thoroughfare
which all regular vessels take tast pass and repass from the ports of the
states of New York, Ohio, Illinois, and Wisconsin, I was
fired upon in repeated vollies of muskets, . aaur Militia, Indians, and
Negroes, of Malden, and when drawn upon ; ,a.r shores by the incle-
mency of the weather, and my men killed and a be the galling
fire of 300 or 400 concealed riflemen, I fired upon them i... .sefence
—this I would have proved, and if your Lordship could riaia. . r.
nearly all of which was admitted by the very evidence brought agana,
me by my captors, as they styled themselves—they, even -they, ad-
mitted the greater part.
And now, my Lord, after three months severe imprisonment, the
greater part of which time was past In chains, I have been tried for
" not haying the fear of God in my heart, nor weighing the allegiance
I owed her Majesty the Queen"—an allegiance which I did not consider
myself to owe, and which 15 or 16 years before, I have solemnly sworn
in open court, to renounce in the manner prescribed by the constitution
of the United States.
And what, my Lord, was the verdict of the jury ? A conditional
one. Their discriminating minds plainly perceived that I could not be
the citizen of one country, and the subject of another—that was incom-
patible, and they gave in their verdict, which to me seems a strange
one—" If I was a subject, I was guilty of treason." lam not a subject,
therefore I am not guilty of treason.
I am free from saying, my Lord, or of wishing myself understood to
say, that I have not done wrong, and acted contrary to the laws of my
own country. But in extenuation of my offence, I would state to your
Lordship that in the middle of December last, there came to Detroit a
vast number of men, who fled from this country ; many of them wet e
poor, hungry, and naked. They had fled from their homes and fami-
lies at a moment's noise. They told the story of their sufferings and
their wrongs. These stories were circulated by the press, and belies cid
by all; while your magistrates, and others in authority on our frontier,
confirmed in the minds of many the same by their insulting and over.
bearing conduct towards some of our citizens, whom business had ire.
duced to go over among them.
Then came the thrilling news of the cutting out of the steam-boat Ca-
roline at Schlossar, an indignity committed on our national honour—an
insult on our national flag. Before that time, my Lord, nothing was
done by the citizens of Michigan, nor was there anytning intended to
be done, but contributing to the comfort of the unfortunate men who
were said to be sufferers in the same cause, like the fathers of our own
revolution, of 7G. Reports were also circulated by persons residing in
Sandwich and Malden, that they were raising the Indians and refugee
negro slaves residing there to burn Detroit and other places that had at'
forded an asylum to those whom they called rebels.
Excitement then pervaded every mind, and I, my Lord, in common
with others, in an evil time, rushed headlong in committing a breach
of the Constitution of my own country, and for which I am amenable to
her own laws.
To you, may Lord, whom both parties acknowledge to be a humane
man and an upright judge, the melancholy task of pronouncing the sen-
tence of death, in any case, must be a painful one. How much more so
must it be in this instance? Here no atrocious acts were committed, no
murder nor arson, by men who,through the misrepresentations of others,
and from the natural indignation arising from the outrage committed on
their and their country's honour, and I can say from the best and purest
motives that could actuate the human heart, have been hurried into an
excess which a few men, to magnify their own prowess, have augmented
into oneof the most horrible and atrocious acts of piracy.
I will not detain your Lordship any longer, but would request you, if
consistent with your duty as a judge, to favour me so far as to delay the
final execution of your sentence sufficiently long that time may be had
to lay my case before the proper tribunal of the home Government, and
have your Sovereign's pleasure thereon.

On Wednesday next, the 30th, the day on which
her Majesty honours his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, the three
gates leading into Hyde-park at Piccadilly, Kensington, and Cumber_
land-gate, will be open for carriages going and returning. Carriages will
return by the Uxbridge-road, and through Cumberland-gate; but no
carriage, except the Royal carriages, will be permitted to return through
the Kensington gate.

CHURCH-RATES.--We noticed yesterday morning
that a meeting was convened for Friday (to morrow) morning at ten, to
attempt to make a church.rate for the parish of Lambeth. The follow-
ing is a statement of the money expended in the support of one fabric
only (the Old Church), in addition to the large sums required for the four
district churches :-1827, 1,8511. 12s. ; 1828, 1,6531. 95.; 1829,
1,293/. 12s. 4d. ; 1830, 1,0561 19s. 4d. ; 1831, 1,0321. 14s. Bd.; 1832,
9771. 6s. 8d ; 1833, 9141.45. 3d.; 1834, 1,042/. ; 1835, 1,3131. ss. 4d. ;
1836,2,030/. 2s. lid. ; 1837,1,542/. 19s. Id. Total-14,7104 ss. Id.;
being an average annnal outlay of 1,3371.!!

FRIGHTFUL CASE.—We (the Dublin Evening
Post) have another melancholy instance in our Exchequer reports this
day of the working of the tithe system in Ireland. A respectable trades-
man of the name of Tobin, residing in the town of Michelstown, issued
by the Rev. Richard Hastings Graves, along with twenty others, for
the paltry sum of 11. 3s. 4id. Being only tenant from year to year, he
clearly is not liable, according to Stanley's Act ; but, in consequence of
his holding about half an acre of bleach-ground, under some agreement
or other, there is some doubt as to his liability to about three shillings
tithes at farthest. He is sued, however, in the Court of Exchequer, and
all the ponderous machinery of that Court is brought to bear upon him.
What, therefore, is he to do ? 'she to submit to the demand, and i,ay the
debt and costs in the first instance, or have recourse to the ordinary prac-
tice of the Court, to clear himself? The first course would fasten him to
an illegal demand for life, and the second would entail costs incalculable
upon him. Well, how does he act ?To save himself from the ruthless
grasp of the Commissioners of Rebellion, he puts in a short answer, barely
sufficient to set forth his case, and to swear to it. Tobin stated in his
affidavit, that, from the time he swore his answer, he never beard of the
cause until he was served with the decree, and arrested, on the 17th of
February last, for two hundred and eight-five pounds nine shillings and
eight.pence costs, including the entire demand against him and the
others. Let it, therefore, go forth to the world, that this respectable
and sinless man now lies in gaol, at the suit of a Minister of the Gospel,
for a sum which now tar exceeds 300!., to recover an original demand for
11. 3s. 41t1., to the tithe of which he was never liable.

We trust the rumour is erroneous that any of the
nobility intend leaving town previous to the Coronation, owing to its
being stripped of much of its proper splendour, as such a step would
be in some degree defeating their own obj:ct, and, at all events,
making " bad worse."—Morning Herald.

UTRECHT, MAY 20.—We learn with pleasure
that Baron Van du Capellan, formerly Governor-General of India, lir
appointed by his Maje ty Ambassador Extraordinary in England to be
present at the Coronation of the Queen.—Dutch Papers, May 3'2.

COURT CIRCULAR.

THURSDAY.—Her Majesty held a Levee yesterday afternoon at Saint
James's Palace.

The Earl of Gosford had an audience of the Queen, in the Royal
closet, before the Levee, on his return from Canada.- His Lordship was
intrcdwed by Lord Glenelg, her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State
far the Colonial Department.

Sir Robert Wilmot Holton had an audience of her Majesty, on his
return from Ceylon. Sir Robert was also presented by Lord Gicr•elg.
The Oueen afterwards entered the Throne Room and held the Levee.
Her Majesty was attended by the Marchioness of Lansdowne (first
Lady) and the Countess of Charlemont, Ladies in Waiting; the Mar-
quis of Headfort, Lord in Waiting; Hon. General Sir William Lumley,
Groom in Waiting, and Lord Alfred Paget. Equerry in Waiting; Mr.
Cavendish and Mr. Cowell were the Pages of Honour in NVaiting.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex was present at the Levee.
In the entree Circle, the following (Foreign) presentations to h4r Ma.
jesty took plate:—
Prince Lubomirsky, Count Nicholas Esterhazy, Count Belgiojoso,
and Count Uxusky, by Prince Esterhazy the Austrian Amhassadcr.

Prince Scorzin, a Sicilian Nobleman, by Count de Ludolf the Neapo.
litan Minister.

Baron Griesheim, an officer in the 35th Regiment of his Prussian Ma-
jesty, by Baron Bulow the Prussian Minister.
Monsieur R. S. C. de Bivar, Attache to the Brazilian Legation,
by Monsieur Galvao, the Brazilian Minister. The Chevalier d'Ama-
ral, Member of the Chamber of Deputies at Brazil, by the Brazilian
Minister.

Mr. Maxey, Charge d'Affaires of the United States to the Belgian
Court, and Col. M. J. Cohen, of Baltimore, by Mr. Stevenson, the
American Minister.

The Count Cigala, a Piedmontese Nobleman, in the Sardinian Military
Service, and the Marquis Sampieri, a Chamberlain of the Duke of Lucca,
by Count Potion the Sardinian Minister.
The following were also presented to the Queen at the Entree Levee :
Captain the Hon. Sir Anthony Maitland, R N., on his appointment as
Naval Aide-de-Camp to her Majesty, by the Earl of Minto.

Rev. H. J. Knapp, Priest in Ordinary of her Majesty's Chapels
Royal, and Sub-Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral, by the Bishop of London.
Colonel Faunce, Aide-de-Camp to the Queen, by Lord Hill.
Lieut.. Colonel Wright, Gentleman Usher to the Queen Dowager, by
Earl Howe.

The Levee was attended by the Austrian and Russian Ambassadors;
Sarim Effendi, Ottoman Ambassador; and Mr. Salarne, her Majest:. 's
Oriental Interpreter ; the Neapolitan, Prussian, Wurtemberg, Belgian,
Danish, Bavarian, Brazilian, United States, Spanish, Sardinian, Grecian,
Hanoverian, and Saxon Mini.tcrs ; Baron de Bourqueney, French Charge
d'Affaires; the Cher. Rebell° de Carvalho, Portuguese Charge d'Affaires ;
Mr. Richard Vaux, Private Secretary ; and Mr. Henry B. Livingston,
Attache to the Unitcd States Legation ; Count de Romree, Attache to the
Belgian Legation; the Chevalier Munoz, Secretary, and Rafael a Mendi-
zabal, Attache to the Spanish Legation ; Emeen Effendi, Second Se-
cretary, and MODS. Agob, Interpreter to the Ottoman Embassy; the
Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of London, the Lord Chancellor,
Lord President, the First Lord of the Treasury, the Secretary of
Sur, ~A• the Home, Foreign, arid Colonial Departments, the Chancellor
of the Excheq.:er, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the First
Lo; d of the Admiralty, the President of the Board of Control, the Pre-
sident of the Bnard of Trade, the Lord Steward, the Lord Chamberlain,
the Master of the Horse, the Commander of the Forces, the Captain of
the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at Arms, the Cap;',..in of the Yeomen
Guard, Viscount Combermere, Gold Stick In Waiting; thz Master
General of the Ordnance, Sir Henry Parnell, Paymaster-General ; the
Comptroller of the Household, Mr. Charles Wood, M.P., Secretary to
the Admiralty ; the Marquis of Thomond, Earl Cadogan, Colonels
Sir Adolphus Dalrymple, Arnold, (Royal Engineers), and Faunce,
C. 8., A. D. C. to the Queen ; and Master of the Ceremonies ;
Sir Augustus Clifford, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod ; Hon. Col.
Cavendish; Clerk Marshal; Mr. Reeve, Standard-bearer of the Honour.
able Corps of Gentlemen.at-Arms ; Captain Houlton, Ensign of the
Yeomanry Guard ; the Dean of Hereford, Deputy Clerk of the Closet
in waiting; Mr. Ellerthorp, Clerk of the Cheque, and Sir Thomas Hors-
lev Curteis, Exon in waiting of the Yeomen Guard ; the Attorney-Gene-
ral
to Queen Adelaide, Lieutenant-Colonel Bouverie, Silver Stick ; Mr.
Blackwood, Mr. Strachan, and Colonel de Ros, Gentlemen Ushers in
waiting to the Queen ; Col. J. Morillion Wilson, Gentleman Usher to
her Majesty the Queen Dowager.
At the general Levee Don Vicente Pazos, Consul-General of the
Peru Bolivian Confederation, was presented to the Queen h} Viscount
Palmerston.

Amongst the general company were Mr. Colquhoun, Agent and Con-
sul-General for the Hanse Towns ; Major-General Sir Alexander Wood-
ford, Governor of Gibraltar; Dr. Chambers, Physician in Ordinary to
her Majesty ;Major-General Sir James Law Lushington, Chairman,
and Mr. Richard Jenkins, M.P., Deputy Chairman of the East India
Company ; Sir George Carroll, Sheriff of London and Middlesex ; Mr
C. Lefevre, Queen's Registrar of Guernsey.
The following Noblemen and Gentlemen presented addresses and pe-
titions to her Majesty :

'foe Marquis of Londonderry—An address from the merchants,
traders, and manufacturers of the cities of London and Westminster,
praying the postponement of the Coronation to the Ist of August,
and t hat it may be conducted in the ancient and most splendid manner.
rd Denman—An address from '2,3137 females of Pontefract and the
neighbourhood, in favour of the immediate emancipation of the negro
apprentices.

E4rl Stanhope —Addresses from the female inhabitants of Middleton
and cf Litlington, and of Guilden Morden, for the repeal of the new
poor law ; and from the inhabitants of Bristol and of Elland for a re-
mission of the sentence on the five cotton spinners of Glasgow.
Lord Lilford—An address from the borough of Warrington, praying
for an immediate abolition of slavery.
Li .!utenant-Colonel Wald Sibthorp-- An address from the female
inhabitants of the city of Lincoln in favour of immediate abolition of
slavery. Colonel Sibthorpe was presented by Sir Adolphus Dalrymple,
Bart.

Mr. Edward Lytton Bulv..er, M.P., a petition from the female inhabi-
tants of Lincoln against negro apprenticeship.
The Bishop of Winchester, a petition from seventy-three of the Clergy
of West Surrey, against the proposed alteration of the Cathedral and
Collegiate Chapters.

The Marquis of Westmeath, an address of congratulation on her Ma..
jesty's accession from the Nobility, Clergy, Gentry, freeholders, and in-
habitants of the county of Westmeath.

A deputation from the town of Manchester, Mr. John Brown, Borough-
reeve of Manchester, Mr. James Wood, Mr. Thomas Townsend, and Mr.
Peter Clare, with an address signed by the Boroughreeve and constables
of Manchester (in conformity with a resolution passed at a public town's
meeting, convened by them as the municipal officers of the town) en..
treating her Majesty's gracious attention to the present condition and
prospects of the negro apprentices in the British colonies, and benevolent
interference in their favour. Messrs. Brown, Wood, Townsend, and
Clare were presented to the Queen by the Right Hon. Charles Poulett
Thomson.

The Bishop of Ripon, a petition to her Majesty, as Duchess of Lancas-
ter, from the Incumbent and Churchwardens of Low Ilarrowgate.
Edward Baldwin, Richard Allen, Arthur West, and James Henry
Webb, to present an address to the Queen for the immediate abolition of
the apprenticeship, from the females of Ireland, signed by 77,000.
Presented by the Marquis of Sligo.
George Head Head, a member of the Society of Friends, an address for
the immediate abolition of the apprenticeship, from Carlisle and its vi-
cinity, signed by about ten thousand persons. George Head Head was
presented to her Majesty by the Marquis of Sligo.
After the Levee, Mr. James Bunce Curling had an audience of the
Queen, in the Royal Closet, on being appointed Clerk of the Cheque of
the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms. and received from her
Majesty his silver stick of office. Mr. Curling was presented by Lord
Foley.

The Earl of Dalhousie, the Earl of Ilchester, Viscount Melbourne,
Colonel D'Oyley. Grenadier Guards, Field Officer in Waiting, and Lieu-
tenant-Colonel Robinson, Captain of the Queen's Guard, had also audi-
ences of her Majesty.
Her Majesty and suite afterwards returned to the New Palace.

WEDNEMDAY.—Her Majesty took an airing in an open harouche and
four in the Prrks, attended by the Hon. Miss Paget, Viscountess Forbes,
and the Baroness Letizen.

Viscount Melbourne had an audience yesterday of the Queen.
Her Majesty and her august Mother honoured the performance of
La Sonnambula, at her Majesty's Theatre, last evening, with their
presence. The Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Augusta of
Cambridge were also present at the performance.

The band of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards was in attendance
during Monday evening at the Palace.
The Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George visited her Majesty
the Queen Dowager yesterday at 'Marlborough House.
The Duchess of Gloucester visite., the Princess Augusta yesterday
at Clarence House.

The Duke and Prince George of Cambridge dined with the Arch.
bishop of Canterbury last evening.

Tim Marquis of Queensberry, the Earl of Gosford, Lord Ebrington,
and Mr. Williams had interviews with Viscount Melbourne yesterday
in Downing.street.

Lord Hill ad an interview with Lord John Russell yesterday at the
Home-office.

We observe that the thermometer, which was lately
so zealously consulted to know the extent of the Ald has last week been
applied to know the measure of the heat, which in Edinburgh is stated
to have stood at 100, and at Dumfries it stood at 118, while in this
town it was only 60 in the shade.—Berwick Adv:rtiser.
Lord Brougham has invited M. Du in, the Pre-
All is not attractive that is good. Iron is useful, ,
at,
though it does not sparkle like the diamond; gold has not the fragrance -
his house in London during the ceremonies of the coronation.
of a flower. So different persons have various modes of excellence, and .
we must have an eye to all —Wilberforce. fhere will be two grand musical performances at
Westminster Abbey after the coronation, the proceeds of which are to
There. is every probability of obtainiiy: a brood
be devoted to purposes of charity.
from the giraffes at the Zoological Gardens in the Regent's Park, a fact
-very important and interesting to the naturalist. Such is the arrear of business in the Court of
Marshal Soult has engaged to pay fifteen hundred Queen's Bench, that it is doubted whether the Crown paper will be en-
guineas for the house, 50, Portland place, the use of which he is to tered upon during the ensuing Term.
have during the space of eight weeks, and to expend three hundred The new Coach Company staited a new coach on
pounds in decorations. The house is by no means well situated, Monday last, called " The Quicksilver," on Stafford's patent safety
neither is it at all an attractive mansion. principle, with appointments of first-rate description. Lord H. Thynne
GENERA L ASSEMBLY.—There has vet been little has assumed the whip, and drives with a considerable degree of ease and
business of importance before the General Assembly ; the cases yester dexterity.—Hampshire Telegraph.
day were disposed of without much discussion, and today the proceed- By the Brighton Improvement Act no person can
ings are not likely to occasion any lengthened debate. The grand field_ go out in his own Pleasure boat without being accompanied by two
day is to-morrow, when the Auchterarder rase, and the overtures re- watern,en, under a penalty of 40s. and costs of the information.—
specting the independence of the church corn 2 on for debate.—Edinburgh I Brighton Guardian.
Adrertiser, of Tuesday. The French Government have it in contemplation
The " Animals' Friend Socie:y" last week charged to despatch the posts from Parik twice a.day in future—viz., morning
James Underwood and James Back, before fife•srs Jeremy and Traill, and evening.
with having so cruelly whipped and driven a post chaise horse, the pro- The Countess de Rossi (Mademoiselle Sontag) is
perty of G. Franks, Esq. (who also appeared) that the horse was obliged expected in Paris to join her husband, who is appointed Ambassador
to be killed. The defendants said the) only went at the rate of ten or from the Court of Sardinia to St. Petersbut gh.
eleven miles per hour, and that if they went slower they would get no Earl Grey has declared himself favourable to the
custom. The magistrates strongly admonished them, and fined them
25/. and heavy costs. The Society also caused the hackney coachmen immediate termination of the negro apprenticeship. Another leaf added
121 and 570, and the omnibus driver 221, also Thomas Golding, and to the laurels that grace his brow.—Leeds Mercury.
the cabmen 557, to be fined for cruelty to their cattle. It is affirmed that King Louis Philippe possesses
LOVE AND ATTEMPTED SUlClDE.—Yesterday a
such a considerable quantity of Five per Cent. Stock, that a reduction
young female of considerable personal attractions was brought before of 1 per cent. would make a difference of 20,000/. a-year in his income.
Mr. Codd, the sitting magistrate at the Kensington Petty Sessions, by Upwards of eleven hundred guineas have already
police constable Hardy, A 133, who had taken her into custody on the been subscribed towards renovating the chancel of the church, and re.
previous (tight, in Hyde Park. Hardy, about ten o'clock on Tuesday storing the monument of Shakspeare, at Stratford-upon-Avon.
night, while on duty in Hyde Park, near the south-west bank of the THE CORONATION.—The following is, we under-
Serpentine, was informed by some boys that a female had just before at stand, a correct list of the Ambassadors who will be sent to this country
tempted to throw herself into the water. On hastening to the spot he to represent their respective Sovereigns on the approaching occasion of
found the prisoner surrounded by several persons, who said they had her Majesty's coronation :_
with great difficulty prevented her committing self-destruction. On Frace
questioning her as to her reason for attempting the rash act, she said it Spain Marquis de Miraflores.
was through love. She also said that she had, in the course of the Austria Prince Schwartzenberg.
afternoon, attempted to cut her throat with a knife, at a public-house in Belgium Prince tie Ligne.
Kensington, but had been prevented. Mr. Codd—What is your name, Russia
and where do you live ? Prisoner—My name is Ann Nownham. I have Prussia
no settled place of residence. I have pledged almost all my things, not Sweden Count Gustavus Lowenhielm.
having been able to get a situation, on account of my deafness. Mr. Sardinia Marquis Brignole Sale.
Codd—Have you a father or mother ? Prisoner—No, they are both Netherlands
intcaeken Christian
i.oi
theof
receptionl-lolsteiii.
dead. Serjeant Eastland, T 17, understood she had a father-in-law still Denmark
living, who resided im 7,ing-street, Kensington; on hearing which Mr. The most splendid mansions have beenPr of their
Excellencies and their numerous suites, and it is reported, with no doubt
Codd desired him to fetch int.,. On his return, Serjeant Eastland had
ascertained 'ner father-in law bad .alaeeed from King-street to Camp- great truth, that fetes, on the most extensive
den•place, where he had been, but four,,. . • was from home. Mr. Codd, given by
these representatives, that suitable honour may be don to tehis Court,
under these circumstances, directed the aerie.. : • "the her to the work- and that the Sovereigns whom they respectively represente may be re-.
Sovereigns
In use, until inquiries could be made respecting h.:. fleeted with a becoming magnificence. It will be in the recollection of
While, out of Aberdeen, the civilized word :.- --;,:hes our readers that on the occasion of his late Majesty's Coronation the
aso instance of two Universities within a mile of each other, and •• • presence of the representatives of the foreign Sovereigns was dispensed
their union has been recommended by two successive Commissions, 's The splendour of the procession was thus considerably died_
after examining all concerned in the question, discussion seems as if at a nia....,:, err! the extent of the expenditure curtailed, The Queen, it is
stand, and reasoning in favour of such a measure almost superfluous,— understood, iatc:,da to give a series of state balls and fetes after the
,Aberdeen Herald. Coronation.

The Austrian Ambassador al:d the Belgian Minister transacted
business yesterday at the Foreign .office.
Dispatches from the Governors of Van Diemen's Land, Sierra
Leone, and the West Indian Colonies were received yesterday at the
Colonial-office.

THE GREAT RADICAL LiEIUON-
STRATION AT GLASGOW.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDRNT).

According to the plan of Radical agitation for Universal Suffrage,
Annual Parliaments, Vote by Ballot, no property qu ,lification, and
wages for attendance in Parliament, originated in Birmingham, and
warmly entered into by the working men of Glasgow, this great de-
monstration of the moral and physical force of the masses took place on
Glasgow green on Monday last. The procession mustered on the Green
at eleven o'clock, forenoon, and proceeded to Parkhead, at the east CH
trance to the city, in order to meet Mr. Attwood and the other gentle-
men of the Birmingham deputation. It is scarcely possible to estimate
with any great degree of precision the numbers of which the procession
was composed. It certainly was inferior to the first display in 1831,
but still it was an imposing spectacle, the more especially when it was
recollected that the whole was got up by the workmen themselves,
without aid—it may be said without countenance—from the middle
ranks. The men walked from four to six deep, in close order, and at a
quick pace; and the whole procession took upwards of an hour and a
half to pass any given point. The music was abundant tend excellent,
and the banners numerous. Among the flags we observed one from
Strathaven, that had waved over the champions of " the Covenant," at
the battle of Drumclog.
The procession moved along Duke-street,George-street, Queen. street,
Argyle-street, Trongate-street, and London-street, to the Green, whey-
by threw o'clock there weregathercd together an assemblage of human
beings, such as to impart the highest sublimity to the scene. On ores-.
sions of this kind estimates of numbers are often made, not so much with
reference to truth, as to the wishes of the parties who make them. With
respect to this display we can only state, and we do it with contid ence,that
if it were tree that 150,000 welcomed Earl Durham toGlasgow in 1834,
nearly as many turned out on Monday in support of Radicalism.
Mr. Tuaxt,a, of Thrush grove, a member of the City Council, hav-
ing been called to the Chair, several Glasgow workmen addressed the
multitude in moving the resolutions and petition to Parliament, and,
on thanks being voted to the Birmingham Deputation for their pr..sence
and assistance.

Mr. ATTWOOD came forward, and was received with loud cheers, beat-
ing of drums, waving of hats, and other demonstrations of hearty ay.
plause. Mr. Attwood dwelt with much emphasis on tire distress and
destitution to which the industrious classes of the community are pe-
riodically subjected, and to what he called the utt:r failure of the Re-
form Act in securing for the people good legislation. He then an-
nounced his plan of agitation, of which the chief features are the fol-
lowing. He calls upon Glasgow, and every city and town in the
kingdom, to get up numerously signed petitions to Parliament for
universal suffrage, &c. He calculates on obtaining at least two millions of
signatures to these petitions. They are to be repeated again and again
till Parliament is forced to take them up ; and should they be ultimately
thrown aside, then the working men of the whole kingdom, together
with such of the middle classes as may join them, will proclaim a solemn
and a sacred strike, during which no work shall be performed in Bri-
tain, but every heart, and every head, and every arm, shall be directed
to the prosecution of the people's rights.
The other gentlemen from Birmingham, Messrs. Muntz, Edmunds,
and Douglas, followed in the same strain; and Mr. Murphy and Dr.
Wade spoke as a deputation from the Working Men's Association of
London. The meeting dispersed with the same order in which they had
assembled, Captain Miller, superintendent of the City PoliX, acting, to the
highest satisfaction of all, as Grand Marshal.
The banquet, or levee, in the evening, was attended by about six
hundred, all apparently of the working classes Mr. Moir, tea mer-
chant, occupied the Chair, supported on the right by Mr. Attwood,
Mr. r, of Thrushgrove, Mr. Muntz, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Col-
lins ; on the iett Ly tire l'/!war,n, rf 11,.!
ton, Dr. Wade, Mr. Murphy, and Mr. Edmonds The ttev. Iva.
Edwards said grace with much solemnity and good taste, after which a
short time was allowed for the discussion of the viands, and then the
business of the evening commenced. Mr. Moir made an excellent
speech, into which we catinot enter in this short sketch. Mr. Turner
said he had dined with the magistrates since the meeting on the Green,
and they had expressed great satisfaction at the manner in which the
affair had been conducted; Captain Miller's speech being to the effect,
that no meeting at which lie had been present was conducted in a
better spirit. Mr. Attwood explained at some length his views of the
currency question ; and Dr. Wade made two or three good hits at
Dr. Chalmers. Mr. Douglas made a humorous and most effective
speech; Mr. Murphy elicited rounds of applause ; arid Mr. Collins, who
has gained great respect in Glasgow by the manner in which he has
conducted his mission from Birmingham, closed the meeting in his usual
quiet, sensible, and most attractive style.
Without entering on the question agitated, we may safely assert that
there never was a display in Glasgow to equal that of Monday. There
have been occasions when more noisy enthusiasm was manifested, and
when there was exhibited a greater amount of paraphernalia—the
wealthy among the middle classes taking part in tire movement ; but
never before did the workmen of themselves make such an array of
mcral and physical energy as wa, presented on Monday, on the Green
of Glasgow.

TO THE RIGHT HON. LORD JOHN
RUSSELL, HER MAJESTY'S SECRETARY OF
STATE FOR THE HOME DEPARTMENT.

THE MEMORIAL OF THE UNDERSIGNED ELECTORS OF

THE BOROUGH OF STROUD.

Your Memorialists beg to address your Lordship cn a subject which
is in their view of paramount importance, with the respect doe to your
Lordship's station, talents, and character—at the same time with the
candour to which so large a proportion of your Lordship's constituents
are entitled in addressing their Representative in Parliament.
Your Memorialists, in common with a very considerable part of the
British nation, deeply deplore the result of the motion lately introduced
into Parliament on the subject of Negro Apprenticeship. With so much
of the moral and religious feeling of this great empire brought to bear
on that question, we did cherish the hope of obtaining justice for the
nation and for the enslaved apprentices, which would only be a tardy
discharge of the debt due to humanity and religion, every principle of
which has been long outraged by the accumulated oppression of the
negro : while, from your Lordship's well-known attachment to liberty,
civil and religious, considered in connection with the unequivocal de-
monstration of strong and conscientious feeling which has been ex-
pressed on the part of your constituents, permit your Memorialists to
say that they did also hope that your Lordship might be found among
those whose views on this topic are congenial with their own.
Your Memorialists, after directing their serious and best attention to
the points at issue, and with all the deference which it becomes them
to cherish towards the opinions formed by your Lordship and your
Right Hon. Colleagues, cannot be convinced that any contract entered
into with the planters by the people of England would be violated by
the immediate and entire liberation of their enslaved fellow subjects in
the colonies.

Your Memorialists beg to add that only from conviction of duty can
they be induced to address their Representatives in such terms on this
painful subject, and to declare that the feelings and the suffrages of very
many of your Lordship's supporters will become greatly alienated if,
on a question so deeply interesting to them, their views are not repre.
sented by their Members in the people's House of Parliament.

Stroud, May 18, 1838.
Presented by Mr. JOSEPH PARTRIDGE.
Mr. SAMUEL S. MARLING.
The above was signed by 653 electors, a very considerable majority
of the whole, in the short space of two days.
The letter to Mr. Scrope ist substance the same. His name and
style of address being substituted for that of Lord J. Russell.

(From the Bristol Gazette of Wednesday..)
The following table is extracted from the log-book of the Great
II extern on her outw.lrd voyage, from which it will be perceived that
her greatest run in 24 hours was 243 miles, and her shortest 183, making
a daily average of 215, and an hourly average of 9 miles. Considering
the unfavourable state of the weather, and the strong head winds she
had to contend against, the performance is very good. On the Atlantic
she made up to the packet ship of the Ist of April (which left Li. erpool
eight days before her), and sailed round her, while the crew and pas-
senger, gave three cheers.
Date. Distance. Weather.
April 8, at 10 P.M.
9 ...... 240
10
11
at night
13
13 .. 212 ...... E.S. E , light winds
14
15
squally, vessel lurching deeply, but
easy
16
17
heavy sea
IS ...... 169
19
20 ...
sea, ship very easy
21 ...
22
frosty

23 ...... 230
To harbour 50 received a pilot.

3,223 I‘llles Steaming.

The Great Western on her return left New York on the 7th instant.
'lle interest of the citizens was fully sustained to the last moment of
her departure. Thirteen steamers started with her, and five of tht m
accompanied her to the Hook. Their decks, the Battery, and every
point of view, were crowded with spectators, cheering, saluting, and
waving figs, &c. We subjoin extracts from her homeward log :-
7th May.—W. 9 knots per hour.
Bth May.—Light winds S. 6 knots, wind variable NE. Spoke the
Colimbus, from Bombay to New York, nut 46 days. Spoke the Cosmo,
of Bristol, to New York, all well. Average rate this day, 6 knots. Lat.
by observation 48, 15, N.

9th May.—Wind light, NW. At 10A the bearings got warm,
,toppe.: a quarter of an hour to cool. At 6 stopped ten minutes to
lighten Screw of connecting rod, &c. Average rate this day 7 knots.
Lat. 39,34, N.

10th May.—Light winds, SW. Spoke the Howard of Greenock,
from the Havannah, Average 9 knots. Lat. 39, 08, N.
11th May.—Light winds, NNE., our course due E. At 7 stopped
10 minutes to lighten screws. Average 9 knots. Lat. 39, 43.
12th May.—N. W. Rate 9 Knots. At 51, exchanged colours with
an American standing to westward. Strong wind and variable. Ave-
rage 9 knots Lat 40, 10.

13th May.—N.N.E. Rate 9 knots, strong wind and cloudy with rain.
Lat. 40, 44, N.

14th May.—E.N.E. Rate 10 knots. At 1, spoke to the American
schooner Madrid, from Rotterdam, to Philadelphia, 19 days. Average
2:: 7: ilt.t:% Lat. 41, 44.

15th May.—Wind variable, S.E. Rate 10 knots. Average 10,
Lat. 43, 02, N.

16th May —Calm, E. 10 knots. At 6 A.M. passed a large ship to
westward. Average 94. Lat 44, 16, N.
17th May.—S.W. Moderate weather. At 51 stopped an hour to
cool and repair engine crank. At 21 stopped to right engine. At 31
proceeded with one engine. Wind variable. Average 9 knots.
18th May.—Strong breeze. At 5 P.M., the brass work being re-
paired stopped engine, and set on with both at 55 minutes past 5. Ave.
rage, 9 M.

9th May.—Weather moderate, W. Average 91-.
20th and 21st May.--Average, 91.
22nd May.—Let go anchor in the Severn at 10 P.M,

" Bristol, May 22, 1838,

" To James Hosken, Esq., R.N.
" Sir,—Theundersigned Passengers on board the steam.ship Grea,
Western, on her first voyage from the United States to England,
having already expressed their conviction of the success of the great
experiment of navigating the Atlantic Ocean by steam, and thus facili.
Wing the intercourse between the Old and the New World, and secur-
ing to the inhabitants of both the advantages arising from this new era
in the history of science and enterprize combined—beg leave to tender to
you, Sir, their grateful acknowledgments for the satisfaction and comfort
they have experienced on board your ship, and also for your kindness
as a Commander, and the vigilance with which you have watched over
our safety. Arid as our voyage has now reached its termination—a
voyage which may more justly be denominated a pleasure excursion from
New York to Bristol—we ask your acceptance of a piece of Plate, as a
slight testimonial of our regard for your personal character, and just
appreciation of one who has been so greatly instrumental in bringing to
a successfisl termination this highly important experiment.
" With the kindest wishes for your future prosperity,
" We remain, very respectfully, your's, &c." •
(Signed by 53 of the Passengers )

" On board of the Steam Ship, Great Western,
" Bristol Harbour, May, 1838.
" To James Hosken, Esq., R.N.
" We, the undersigned, Passengers in the Steam Ship ' Great Western,'
have the pleasure to congratulate you on the arrival of the noble ship
under your command, in this harbour, after a short and pleasant passage
from New York. We beg leave to express to you our thanks for the
exercise of those kind and gentle qualities by which you have so essen-
tially contributed to our comfort and happiness during the voyage. We
would also announce, through you, to the public, that the anticipations
of security and comfort, which were derived from observing the size and
apparent strength of this beautiful ship, the power and proportion of her
machinery, and the splendour of her accommodations, have been more
than realised by a residence of fourteen days on board of her on the
bosom of the Atlantic.

" We would further remark that it is in our opinion, only necessary
to make a single voyage in this no'ile vessel, to be satisfied that compete
success will attend the navigation of the Atlantic by stoam, with safety,
comfort and dispatch.

" having performed this agreeable duty, we beg leave to offer our best
wishes fur your health al.(1 happiness, and have the honour to b:1 very
faithfully, " Your friends and servants."
(Signed by 51 Passengers.)

" Great Western Steamship, Bristol, :22c1 May, 1833.
" To the Passengers from New York by the Great Western steam-ship.
" Gentlemen—l feel very highly gratified at the flattering approba-
tion you have been pleased to express at your treatment during our
passage from New York, and assure you it wilt be borne in my recollec-
tion to the latest period of nay existence. I also tender you my best
thanks for your offer of a piece of plate, as a testimony of your regard,
which I accept with feelings of the most heartfelt satisfaction ; and
should any of you, Gentlemen, again take passage in this ship during
the time I have the honour to command her, it will be my constant aim
to render you in every respect as comfortable as I have been so for.
tunate to do, in this the first passage of the Great Western from New
York to Bristol. " I am, Gentlemen,

" Four's very faithfully,
"JAMES HOSKEN."

The Sirius brought home 17 passengers, first cabin ; 18 second cabin ;
and 16 steerage.
The Great Western brought 5,555 letters, and 1,760 newspapers ;
also a quantity of cotton for the Great Western Factory.
The interest manifested in this city on the arrival of the Great
Western was very great. She had been expected for two or three days
previous, owing to the un:ettainty of the precise period of her departure
from New York. The arrival of the Sirius brought the first authentic
intelligence of the day she was expected to leave, and in consequence it
IST.3 calculated, correctly, that she would be here on Tuesday. Directly
the news was made known, the - bells of the different churches struck
up a merry peal, flags were hoisted, and guns fired. The passengets,
with a large quantity of valuable luggage, were removed on board a
small steamer, and reached the Hotwells about half past two o'clock.
They expressed themselves much pleased with the urbanity and civility
of the Custom-house officers.

The Mayor of Bristol this day paid his respects to Lieutenant Car-
penter and Lieutenant Lynch, of the American Navy, passengers in the
Great Western steamer, at the Gloucester Hotel, and at the instance of
the Committee tbr conducting the celebration of laying the foundation
stone of the Victoria Rooms ; and as a small token of friendship towards
America, his Worship presented those gentlemen with cards of invita-
tion for the dinner to-morrow.—Thesc... gentlemen this day dine at the
hospitable table of Robert Bright, Esq., at Leigh.

AIR. COOPER'S NEW NAVAL NOVEL " HOME-
wain) BOUND; oa, Tun Chase."—A nautical novel from Mr. Cooper
is always an object of interest. At sea he is eloquent, powerful, and
true; his intimate knowledge of naval usages, his experience of the
water, and his deep relish fur everything connected with naval life, im-
part an air of freedom and reality, a breadth, energy, and fidelity to his
pictures, which have certainly never been rivalled by any other novelist.
His new story " Homeward Bound; or, The Chase," is a remarkable
work, perhaps the most remarkable of Mr. Cooper's productions. The
interest is absorbing, and such is the skill with which every minute cir-
cumstance is described, that we are rivetted to the page with almost as
earnest a feeling as if we participated in the peril's and adventures of the
Montauk a,d its passengers. The management of the ship at sea, the
chase, the disasters on the coast of A;rica, the encounter with the Arabs,
the raft and the wreck, and, indeed, every particle of the nautical pana-
rains, is in the highest degree spirited and faithful. Looking back upon
the impressions which the work has made, 'we are disposed to rank it
amongst the best of Mr. Cooper's tales."—Atlas.

TRADE.—We believe the demand for twist was
somewhat slacker, though we did not hear of any lower prices being
submitted to. In power-loom cloth, and especially of good qualities,
there was a fair demand ; and generally, we may say, there is a pretty
large business doing in manufactured goods. The fine weather, we
understand, as might be expected, has brought an accession of country
buyers into the market.—North Cheshire Reformer.
We are glad to perceive that it is intended to give
Sir John Herschell a public dinner in due and proper commemoration of
his safe arrival in England, after his four years' absence in Southern
Africa. Nearly every individual of note in the scientific world has come
forward to aid in this tribute. We hope it will he open generally to the
public to do honour to one of the highest ornaments, hereditarily and
personally, to the highest of the sciences, astronomy.
THE ROYAL TAR STEAMER.—Mis elegant ves-.
se;, beionging to the Peninsular Steam Navigation Company, and in-
tended, we are informed, to run with the Peninsular mails in lieu of the
City of Londonderry, has arrived in the river. She has engines of 9.60
horse-power, and was propelled during her passage round from Greenock
at the rate of twelve miles per hour. Her accommodations are said to
be the most spacious and convenient of any of the Peninsular vessels,
which, to those who have seen the Tagus, Braganza, or Iberia, is say-
ing a great deal. The Royal Tar takes, we believe, the mails of the
2d of June.
THE IRISH CHURCH.--We believe—we believe,
at length, that, notwithstanding all that has been said and sung to the
contrary, we are on the eve of a settlement to this greatly vexed and
vexatious question. Most sincerely—most gladly do we congratulate the
Established Church on the prospect. The Tories and Orangemen failed
to rescind the Appropriation Resolution. There it stands, and will
stand, upon the Journals of the House of Commons. But the deela.
ration ot. Lard J. Russell, on Friday night, to place the payment of the
Clergy upon estates in fee, without any reference to the litigated ques_
tion, solves the difficulty, and leaves Tory opposition without a plea,
while the vote on Acland's motion4by affirming the Appropriation
clause, relieves Ministers and the House of Commons from the shadow
of reasonable censure. In short, it is our deliberate opinion (and we
speak from thefirst Conservative authority) that the Church Bill will
pass this Session.— Dublin Evening Post.
STATE OF TRADE.—We are glad to state, that
our market yesterday presented a greater appearance of animation than
for some time past. There was an Unproved demand both for goods and
yarn, and better prices for both were very generally obtained. We un.
derstand that the Sirius steamer has brought over a number of orders
for manufactured goods, together with several buyers from New York,
who have been for some time past strangers to our market; and there
seems to bean expectation of a tolerable full trade to the United States.
—Manchester Guardian.

-1-14 47, , n

GORHAMBURY RACES.
The first day's races took place on Tuesday in Lord Veralam's
Park, under the Stewardship of Earl Verulam, Colonel Peel, and
W. Sowerby, Esq.
Craven Stakes of 10 sous. each, with 20 added; three yrs, Est ; four
yrs, Bst. 41b ; five yrs, Bst. 131 b ; six and aged, 9st. 51b. Cerry
Tree in.
Mr. Steven's gr. c. Gimcrack, 3 yrs... . . Hardy 1
Mr. Garrard's b. h. Cornborough, 4 yrs
Lord Albemarle's •Bullcalf, 3 yrs
Even between Cornborough and Built:o.lf. and the winner not
mentioned. Gimcrack made the play at a good pace, followed
closely by Cornborough, and won by a length rather cleverly.
The Ladies' Plate of 501. The winner to be sold for 120, &c.
Fir Clump in.
Mr. Pryce's c. by Dr. Eady, d. by Reveller, 3 yrs, 7st...Pavis
Mr. Sowerby's 'or. f. Tittle Tattle, 3 yrs, 6st. Illb
The following also started:—Mr. Coleman's b. h. Lumley, 6 yrs,
9st. 101 b ; Captain Becher's (sett.) Short Hopes, 6 yrs, 9st. 71b ;
Mr. Grey's h. in. Placid, 4 yrs, Bst. 81b ; Mr. White's Doctor
Wing, 4 yrs, Bst. 81b ; Mr. King's William, 4 yrs, Bst. I llb ; Mr.
Arnold's gr. c. Blue Ruin (h. b. ), 4 yrs, Bst. 81b ; General Gros-
venor's b. f. Rara Avis, 3 yrs, 6st. I lib ; and 21r. Barrett's b. f.
belly, 3 yrs, 6st. 111 b. Betting-5 to 2 agst Dr. Eady's colt, 4to
agst Melly, and 5 to I agst William.—Williath made the running
for half a mile, when the 1)r. Eady colt took it up, kept in front to
the end, and won in a canter. The tailing was very distinct.
Winner claimed.

The Clorhambury Stakes of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft., and only 5, &c.,
with 100 added. Limekiln in, about a mile and a half. 16 Subs.
8 of whom delared.

Captain Gardnor's 'foothill, 5 yrs, 7st. 121 b Nat I
Mr. King's Hectic, 6 yrs, Set. 4th 2
The following a'so started :—Lord Suffield's Cowboy, 4 yrs, Bst.
61b ; Duke of Richmond's Allis, 5 yrs, Bst. 71b ; Mr. Lucas's Tell,
tale, 5 -yrs, Bst ; and Mr. Coleman's Calmuck, 5 yrs. Bst. 10Ib.
Betting-6 to 4 agst Cowboy, 3to I agst Mus, and 5 to. 1 agst
Toothill—Telltale made strong play, followed by Hectic till near
the distance, where he resigurd it ; 'foothill took to the running,
and won very easy by two or three lengths. Mus and Cowboy were
next to Hectic. Telltale pulled up lame.
The Stand Stakes of 5 sovs, each, with 25 added. About two
miles. The winner to be sold for 150.&c.
Mr. G. Hennesey's Bravo, 5 yrs G. Edwards 1 1
Mr. Bacon's Sir Felix, 6 yrs '2 2
Mr. Adamson's Ann, by Shakspeare, 3 yrs
Mr. Sowerby's Tittle Tattle, 3 yrs
The first heat won in a canter, and the second by half a length.
The winner claimed.—The list for to-day promises plenty of sport.

WEDNESDAY.

The Farmers' Cup, for horses the property of Farmers holding not
less than 100 acres of land, and residing in Herts, and to have
been in their possession two months previous to the day of entry,
12st. each. Mares and geldings allowed 31b., and winners 101 b.
extra. The winner to be sold for 100, &c. Fir Clump in.
Mr. Lines's br. h. Townsend, aged .. Irr. Webber 1
Mr. Nightingale's h. m. Atalanta, aged
Mr. O'Connor's ch. g. Spring-heeled Jack, 5 yrs
The following were not aced :—Mr. Webb's Rosebud, Mr.
Parrott's No-Go, and Mr. Allen's Telescope. Won in a canter,
and the winner objected to as not having been the property of Mr.
Lines the required time. The dispute stands over for the preser.t.
The Verulam Stakes of 10 sous. each, with 30 added, for threw and
four years old. Winners 41b. extra. Cherry. tree Course.
Colonel Peel's f. Wave, 3 yrs Pavis 1
Captain Gardner's Gaberlunzie, 3 yrs 2
Mr. Garrard's Cernborough, 4 yrs 3
Mr. Matthews's b. f. by Pontiff, 3 yrs 4
2tol on the Gaberlunzie colt. Wave made the running till
half way up the distance, when the favourite challenged, but after a
fine race was beaten by half a neck.
The Cocked-hat Stakes of 5 sore. each, with 25 added; 12st. each ;
winner to be sold for 150, &c. Gentlemen riders. The Stand
Course.

Mr. G. Hennesey's Bravo, 5 yrs Mr. M'Donough
Mr. Munroe's Harold, 6 yrs
Mr. D. Radcliff's Vagrant, aged .. 3
The following were not placed :—Mr. Matthew's ch. g Van-
dyke, aged ; Hon. G. Ongley's The Dwarf, aged ; and Captain
Becher's (sen.) Short Hopes. Even on Bravo, who made all the
play, won in a canter, and was claimed.
The Innkeeper's Plate of 501., added to a subscription of 5 sovs.
each, for three years old and upwards. Mares and geldings al-
lowed 31b., and maiden horses 41b ; winners this year 41b. extra.
Winner to be sold for 2001., &c. Heats, the Fir Clump in.
Mr. Sowerby's Ruby, 4 yrs Mann 1 1
11Irr Bacon's Sir Felix, 6 yrs
Mr. G. Edwards's c. by Dr. Eady, 3 yrs
Mr. King's Surprise, 4 yrs 4 dr
Ruby was the favourite, and won both heats cleverly.
Match, 50 sovs. Stand Course.— Ir. D. Radcliff's Vagrant,
1 Ist. 71b. (owner), beat Mr. Matthews's Vandyke, 1 Ist., by a
length, but is objected to on the ground that he crossed Vandyke
opposite the stand. The race is in abeyance, as the Stewards had
left the course.

There are nearly fifty subscribers to the Gorhambury Stakes for
next year.

YORK SPRING MEETING, MONDAY.
Match for 100 sovs. each, h. ft., 2 yrs. old weights. T. Y. C.—
Mr. Bell's ch. c. by Gainsborough, darn by Clinker (R. llessel-
tine), beat Sir .1. Boswell's b. f., by Physician, out of Meretrix.—
Betting, 11 !co 10 on the colt, who won easy.
The two-year-old Stakes, of 30 sovs. each, ylO ft., for colts, Bst. 51b.
and fillies, Bst. 21b. T. Y. C. Fifteen subs.
Col. Anson's b. c. by Jerry, out of Olive (W. Scott) 1
Mr. J. Bowes's b. f. by Saugar, out of Tesane 2
Col. Cradock's b. c. by The Saddler, out of Rebecca ...... 3
Duke of Cleveland's b. c. Kremlin, by Sultan
Mr. Wormald's gr. c. Bolus, by Physician, dam by Comus 5
Mr. H. Claridge's h. f. Marsala, by Jerry, out of Adelaide
Betting--6 to 4 agst. Col. Anson's c..; sto 2 agst. Bolus ;4to 1
agst. Col. Cradock's c. ; raid sto 1 agst. Marsala. Won easily.
The St. Leger Stakes of 25 sovs. each, h. ft., for three yrs. old,
colts, bet. 61b., and fillies, 9st. 31b. i t . Leger Course.
Duke of Cleveland's b. c. Alzira, brother to Ilenriade 1
Mr. 11. S. Thomson's b. c. by Voltaire, dam by Wa.verley 2
Mr. Allen's b. c. by Brutandorf—Laura, by Don Cossack
Mr. Attwood's b. f. There, by Leonardo
Betting-3 to 1 oil Alzira, and 4to 1 agst. Mr. Allen's colt.
Won by a length.
Match for 500, h. ft., both two yrs old, Bst. 31b. each. T. Y. C.
—Lord Kelburne's b. c. by Jerry—Purity received ft. of F. A.
Heywood's b. e. Pall-mall, by Rowton, out of Sister to Dryad.
The York Derby Stakes, of 50 save, each, h. ft., for three yrs old,
colts, Bst. 71b.—and fillies, 3 st. 21b. The owner of the second
to save his stake. One mile and a half. Eight subs.
Mr. Ord's ch. c. Charley Boy, by Actzeon, out of Tomboy's dam 1
Duke of Cleveland's h. c. Hart, by Actmon ow-. of Voltaire's dam 2
Mr. Jaques's ch. f. Opera, sister to Burletta, by Actwon 3
Lord Kelburne's br. c. by Jerry, darn by Ardrossan 4
Betting-7 to 4on Charley Boy. Won by half a neck.
