NAVAL AND MILITARY ANNUITIES BILL.

On the motion of the Earl of LIVERPOOL, this Bill was
committed. The Bill passed through the Committee, and the
report was made.
Lord KING observed, that this was a most absurd measure.
He had, however, prepared a preamble more suitable to it than
that which now preceded it. The•first words of his preamble,
notwithstanding that they were borrowed from his Majesty's
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, he believed might be
offered to their Lordships as, English. He concluded by niov-
ing that the preamble of the Bill be left out, and• the following
inserted in its stead :

" Whereas an impatience of taxation no less ignorant than ir-
resistible pervades all ranks of his Majesty's subjects, and it is
highly expedient to afford some relief; and whereas the mini-
mum of relief which will give satisfaction, and the least intelligi-
ble plan which can plausibly be stated, is that of extending the
burden of the military and naval pensions over a longer period of
time than the natural lives of the present annuitants, and de-
fraying the expence of the first 16 years by a series of annual
loans.; and whereas by an Act of the 57th of George 111.,
c. 65, a very large provision has been made for the mainte-
nance and half-pay of the persons now holding high and effi-
cient offices, and it is desirable to secure the continuance of
the same high and efficient public men in the offices they now
hold, in order to avoid increasing the amount of dead service
or half-pay so profusely provided in case his Majesty's present
confidential servants should resign their offices, contrary to all
true economy, and the intent and meaning of themselves,
and pf this Act, and of every Act of the present Parlia-
ment ; and whereas there is or will be a Sinking Fund of
5,000,0001., applicable to the redemption .of the National
Debt, to the relief of future generations at the expence of the
present ; and whereas it is also become expedient to relieve the
present ignorant and impatient generation at the expence of
posterity, which necessary relief could be effected most ad-
vantageously by a deduction from the said Sinking Fund, of a
sum equal to the amount of the Revenue derived from those
taxes which it 'is become so highly necessary to repeal;
but whereas his Majesty's confidential servants now hold-
ing high and efficient offices have solemnly declared that the
said Sinking Fund to the full amount of 5,000,0001. aforesaid
shall be maintained inviolate; and whereas it is highly neces-
sary that the wisdom of the said high and efficient public men
should be upheld by the Lordi spiritual, and also by the Lords
temporal, and Commons in Parliament assembled ; therefore
be it enacted, by and with the advice of the same, that a series
of loans shall be raised in a circuitous manner, and that the
Lords Commissioners of the Treasiuy shall have power to lend
to themselves, and to borrow of themselves, and to conceal the
whole transaction from thernsaves and from all other ignorant
and well.disposed persons. And be it further enacted, that the
Commissioners for the Redemption of the National Debt shall
likewise be the trustees appointedhY the Act for raising money
on annuities to provide for the payment of the military and
naval pensions, and that they shall in their capacities of trus-
tees create stock, in their other capacities of Commissioners for
the Redemption of the National Debt, shall purchase that same
stock ; or, if more expedient and inexplicable, shall issue Ex:
chequer bills, and invest and re-invest the proceeds thereof,
through all the mazes of the Transfer-office, according to the
will and pleasure of the Chancellor of the Exchequer,- and make
centuple entry thereof; provided always, that the aggregate of
confusion and perplexity shall agree with the same sum, as the
deduction of the requisite aniount from the Sinking Fund."
Lord HARROWBY observed, that the measures of Minis-.
ters were often called absurd, but he should be glad to knpw
whether this preamble was an example of the sense of the other
side of the House.

Lord KING said, the sense of the preamble precisely suited
the Ha—The motion was negatived, and tip House adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

A Gentleman from the Bank of England presented a return
of the weekly amount of Bank Notes and Post Bills issued,
which was ordered to lie on the table;
SALT TAX.

Mr. D. BROWNE presented a petition from his Consti-
tuents, the inhabitants of the city of Kilkenny, complainin
that they g
had suffered most severely from the repeal of the Salt
Tax, though they admitted that the repeal was just, and prayiirg
for some relief.:

Mr. CURIVgN said, that as to-morrow night was fixed for
the discussion of this question, he should only say that he
trusted he should satisfy him upon that discussion that Ireland
would not stiffer in the slightest degree from the repeal of that
tax.

Mr. DALY said a very few words in support of the repeal
of the duty upon rock salt imported to Ireland.
Mr.-C. HUTCHINSON said, that the present feelin of the
Merchants of cork was, that the duty should be repealed; they
were not for refusingTelief to the other parts of the country.
After an observation from Mr. BRIGHT, the petition was or-
dered to be printed.
PUBLIC HOUSES.

Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from an indivi-
dual residing in Westminster, coMplaining that he had been
unjustly deprived of his License.
STAMP ACTS.

Mr. LUSHINGT9N moved the Order of the Day for the
House going into a Committee upon the Stamp Acts.
The House went into Cointsittee. Several 'Resolutions were

-11 Ir. BRIGHT thought that the Bill would be useful, in
allowing a summary jurisdiction to the Quarter Sessions.
Mr. LUSH INGTON hoped that the Bill would be with-
drawn, and be brought forward in a more extended shape next
Session. .

Mr. HOLFORD expressed a similar hope.
Mr. Alderman WOOD maintained, that an appeal to the
Quarter Sessions would be highly useful, inasmuch as it would
allow a publican the right of being heard before he should be
compelled to submit altogether to his ruin. He hoped that the
clauses would not be withdrawn.

Mr. BE.::NEl.said, that his object had been to remove that
Monopoly of which' alrcomplained ; to put down _that-- secret .
influence which tended to extend corruption and ruin through
all the country, to exclude wicked houses from being licenced,
and to prevent private property from being subject to arbitrary
power. Petitions had been poured in from all
.parts of the
kingdom, and those Gentlemen who had presented them had
now turned their backs upon their constituents and objected to
the destruction of the monopoly, and now they wished for an ap-
peal from the Magistrates to the Quarter Sessions. An appeal
had been granted in Ireland from the Magistrates to the Quar-t
ter Sessions; but the English Members now objected to the
introduction of that plan into England. The Bill was in the
hands 'of the House ; it might throw out the Bill if it thought
proper. He had no personal interests to serve ; he wished
to serve the public. The evils of the present system were
very great, yet Legislators seemed decided against any im-
provement. By the Act 4th James I. any tavernkeepef
could he fined, and his licence forfeited, if two men, or any
greater number, either dined or drank for more than an hour
in. his house. If any person brought before him, being a Ma-
gistrate for Surrey, the keeper of the tavern -at which he and
his Hon. Friends had dined and drank one evening last week,
he should feel himself bound to fine him, and to adjudge
his licence to be forfeited. Such were the regulations of the
present system, and such were the laws which the Magistrates
wished to perpetuate. He had been invited to bring in a Bill
to remedy those defects; he had attended a Committee above
stairs when 60 Members frequently spoke at the same time.—
He had wasted his time, his money, and his patience in
bringing forward the Bill. He had done his duty, and he
was satisfied. The House had to do its own. ' It could not
be expected that he should waste time, and money, and pa-
tience again, particularly when Members who had not read the
Bill came down with crude notions, gathered perhaps at the
corners of the streets to oppose it.
The House then divided, when the numbers were—

For the third Reading - -
For the Amendment - -
Majority

-17

The 13i11 was then read a third time, and the House continued
nearly an hour in discussion with closed doors, as we understood,
upon some clauses proposed as Riders, and the Bill then passed.
SLAVE TRADE. •

Strangers were excluded for a considerable time, , and when
we were re-admitted to the Gallery, we found
Mr. WILBERFORCE impressing upon the House the obli-
gation under whichthis country laboured to use its utmost effbrts
to cause the total suppression by the other poweri of the world
of that abominable traffic which it had for someyears determined
to relinquish on its own part. Our Governinehthad applied with
very commendable zeal to the various. G6vernments of Europe,
and to the Government of the United States, to entreat their co-
operation in this laudable undertaking ;- and 'one of the objects
which he now had in view was the production of the-correspond-
ence which had taken place on the subject. The Honourable
Gentleman proceeded arconSiderable length to take a review of
the policj, which had been pursued by the various European
States, and by the'.United States of America, with reference to
this interesting subject. The Cortes of Spain had, in a manner
highly creditable to themselves, passed a laW inflicting a severe
penalty on any one who should be found dealing in slaves, and
directing the instant manumission of the slaies theniSelves. An
admirable law ! And pne which he hoped would„be fully and
earnestly enforced. He was unable to speak with equal
praise of the conduct of the old Government of Portugal.
'That Government had long resisted the applications of the
British Government on the subject, until at length, wearied
out with the entreaties of the latter, the Portuguese Govern-
ment had consented; on the understanding that. they should
receive some commercial concessions in return,. to abolish the
trade to the North of the Line only. It certainly
,was not
without a pang that the British Government were compelled to
leave the coast to the South of the Line to the tender 'mercies of
the Portuguese trader; but it was nevertheless, a matter of
much importance to obtain the release from the traffic on the
part of the Portuguese of 2,000 miles of coast North of the
Line. Unhappily, however, there was • reasoo to believe that'
the agreement had not been strictly carried into effect, and that
the Governors of sonic of the Portuguese settlements not only
winked at the trade, but were themselves partakers of it. He
hoped that the new Governinent of Portugal would make a
beneficial .change on this subject. It was a Government
founded on the principles of liberty ; and he trusted 'that the ,
Portuguese would henceforward show that they were capable
of feeling sympathy for the sufferings of their. African fel-
low-creatures; and that they would not continue to'plunge
them in slavery at the very moment when they were asserting
their Own freedom.—(llear !)—To the conduct of the next Go-
vernment of which he would speak, he meant the Government
of the United States, he could advert with unfeigned pleasure.
The.AmericanGOvernment had seconded ourviews,they had abo-
lished the trade on their own part, and had co-operated with our

- • -
Governmentin endeavouring-to-render that abolition universal.
Still, however, there, was,soniethi4fOr the Governmentof the
United States to do. Last year.a Committee.of the House of•
Representatives • recommended the adoption of a mutual and.
qualified right of search ; without which, indeed, all efforts
wholly to put down the. trade must be hopeless. It was Jo be'
lamented that any ancient prejudice should be permitted to..
stand in the way of so desirable a measnre.; • but the recommen-
dation to which he had alluded was not very favonrably
Ad by the Senate, and by the American Government., • Our:
'Minister, Mr. Canning, argued the, point with great zeal .and''
ability, but Mr. Adams replied, in a manner which almoat in-
dicated that ill hunictir which frequently resulted from a
not feeling very eonifOrtable as to his. own sentiments and act's
on any subject. Ile (Mr. Mr.) could not, however, avoill•en-
tertaining a hope that all objection to the proposed measure
would ultimately 'be-abandoned by the Senate and the Govern= •
ment of the United 'States, and that thereby the means would
be afforded of' putting an end to a most enormous evil. He`
could not close this portion of his remarks without paying la'
just tribute to the naval officers of America, who had cordially.
concurred and,co-operated with our own in the abolition of tile"
traffic, whenever an opportunity presented itself of doing sot
He had now to-speak or
.a.power, the conduct of whose subjectson this great and interesting question, no friend. of humanity
could contemplate without the deepest pain.—He meant Fiance.
If we could but prevail on the GoVernments of France and
America to consent to tha mutual and limited right of searo.•
to which he had already alluded, we might then cherish a hope
that there would not be much difficulty in inducing the Other"
powers to take means for insuring an effectual abolitionof the-
trade. But it was .extremely painful to observe, that, where.--:
ever we directed our eyes, over whatever sea, into whateyffr:
port, along the whole coast of Africa, the subjects of Franae-
were carrying on the SlaVe Trade with an every-day
creasing activity.—(Hear, hear, hear I.)—lnvitations were.
openly held out to persons posaessing small capitals to•
embark in this infamous traffic, with assurances that enor-
mous profits would result twin. the speculation. And
yet the Government Of France. :had expressed the same
reprobation' of -the Slave Trade as had been expressed; by:
the .Government of England 1. It was lamentable- to.eemaik,
that although the• Executive Government of Trance had
been prompt and powerful to decide •on this subject, they had
proved tardy and weak when the time, arrived at which their
decision ought to have been carried, into effect.—(Hear !)--Re-
stored as the present Government of France had been to the au-
thority of which it had been.so long deprived; favoured by Hea-
ven in all the gifts of nature,-as France was, to a degree greater
perhaps than any other•country on the face of the globe; profess-
ing, as the French people did, the most profound sensibility, and
the utmost refinement of manners, inwas a-melancholy specta-
cle to see Francecoldly contemplating the misery which it inflic-
ted, by blastingall the opening prospects of civilization in Africa,
and by imposing additional chains on the unhappy natives Of
that vast continent.—(Hear !)—The thing was so extraordinary,
that, for his part, he could scarcely help believing, either that
the fact of what was taking place was little known in France,
or that .some extraordinary and unaccountable interposi-
tion prevented the operation of all those moral and reli-
gious feelings, for which we had been accustomed to give
the French credit.' It had been said that since the pe-
riod of the Revolution religion had been reviving in France.
—But he could not help greatly mistrusting the character of
any religion, the growth of which was accompanied by the
growth of so abominable a practice as a trade in human beine:-1:
(Hear, hear, bear !)—Religion taught to promote " peace bn
earth, and good will towards man ; ' not to encourage discord
for the purpose of inflicting the most acute and enduring
miscry.,--(llear, hear, hear !)-The_ Hon. Member, after. al-
luding to a Report of the House Assembly in Jamaica, oh-
served,. that if the French flag were allowed to be a protection
against the right of search, it would become the refuge'of.the
worst part of the. human species ; men v:ho were the enemies .ef
good men in all countries.—(Hekr, hear !)—lle next procee(i-
,ed to refute the absurd doctrine that the Africans were destined
to be hewers of wood anti drawers of water. We owed some
reparation to Africa for having for such ,a length of time.-sah:t-
tioned that abominable traffic the Slave Trade. Ile was.awsre
of the difficulties he had to contend with, but in such a cadfs
he could not despair. He trusted the House and the country
would persevere in the course they had so happily begun, mid
would proceed, in despite of every prejudice or hostile feeling,.
to achieve the glorious work which they had so happily, thought
so tardily, coinmenced.—(Rear, hear !)--The lion. Member
concluded by moving the following Aduress to the Throne
" Resolved, nemine contradiccnte, That, an humble Address
be presented to his Majesty, to represent to his Majesty.that
the deep interest Which this House -has so long taken, and Still
continues to take,-in the abolition of the Slave Trade, has Jed
us to peruse with no little solicitude the papers relative to that
subject,.whiCh by. his Majesty's commands were lately laid. be-
fore, us ; nor could we fOrnear indulging a hope .thati his Ma-
jesty's renewedlepresentations and remonstrances would have
at length produced the'desired. effect of causing the various G-
overnments by whose subjects, the Slave Trade was stiil:carried
on, seriously to consider the numerous and powerful obliga-
tions under which they lay, to co-operate. with his Majesty,
heartily and efficiently, in .order to put an end for ever to this
enormous evil : •

" But that we have learned with grief and shami, that with
very few exceptions, every hope of this nature has been _alto.
gether frustrated, and that we are still compelled to witness the
strange arid humiliating spectacle of practices which are ac-
knowledged to be made up of wickedness and cruelty by the
very Governments whose subjects are nevertheless carrying
them on, upon a great and continually increasing scale.
" That we observe, however, with satisfaction, that:the
powerful reasoning and continued ex-postulations of liiiMa-
jesty's Government,• enforced by the strong aria persevering
remonstrances. of his Majesty's Ambassador at the Court wK
the Netherlands, have at length produced an admission of M.:.
just construction of the Treaty with that Power.
" That we are glad to see that some of the abuses have been.
corrected which had prevailed in the conduct of the Courts of
mixed jurisdiction- at- Sierra Leone, but that experience has
proved the necessity.of altering that provision, which renders
it necessary for the slaves to have been actually on ship bOrti
to justify the, condemnation of the vessel, and of allowing-due
weight to be given to that decisive proof of the object of the
voyage, widen is afforded by the peculiar mode of fitting and
equipping slave vessels.
'That it is some alleviation of the. pain produced by. the
almost' uniform tenour of these distressing accounts, to learn
that the Cortes of Spain has subjected all who should be found
concerned in Slave Trading, to a severe and infamous puniO3-
meat ; and that.with this evidence of a just estimate of the'gnilt
of the crime, we cannot but hope that they will not rest satisfied
with is legal prohibition, but that they will provide me requisite
means for carrying their law into execution.
'" That we lend with concern that the vessels of Portugal, 'so
far from gradually retiring from the trade, have been carrying it
On with increased activity, more especially on that very part of
the coast which is to the North of the Line, in direct viola-
tion of the Treaty by which the had stipulated to confine her
trade to the South of it.

" That we cannot but cherish the hope that the.new• (T'oi
vernment of .Portugal will manifest a wanner zeal, for.erf-
forcing a. Treaty which every law, divine-or human, trintli
her to observe ;- that 'we have' observed with no little. plea.;
sure the zeal for the abolition of the Slave Trade, • that
has been manifested by
.the Commanders of the Ships .of war
of the United. State of .America employed on the Coast of
Africa 7 and the disposition they have-shewn to co-operate with
the officers of his 'Majesty's Navy for their common object; .but
that we are concerned to hay,: perceived in the American
Government no disposition to give up the objectionait formerly
urged against the estatliAnnerit of a mutual right of examin-
ing. cacti . other's ships on the coast of Africa.—That we had
hoped thatthe powerful argiunents used by a Committee of. the
Houk of Reftresentatives in favour of this arrangement, would
have their just. weight, more especially that which points out
the difference, or rather contrariety, between this conventional
and qualified system and the right of searching neutral vesselS,
without any previous treaty, as claimed and practised in war.
Above all, that the consideration, so strongly enforced, that it is
only by the establishment of some such system that the Trade
can ever be effectually abolished, would have induced the Arlie-
rican GoVerninent to consent to it, when the object in question
involves thOightS and happiness of so large a portion of cot
fellow creatures.

" That with the deepest concern we find, as in the-last year,
vessels under the French flag trading for slaves along the whole
extent of the coast of Africa, at hOme and abroad. Proposals
are circulated for slave trading voyages, lavitiag the srnalleNt
capitals, and tempting adventurers by the hopes of enorrnoi!.s
profits, that the few ships of war of that country itationed.iri
Africa offer no material obstruction to the trade, nor do the
Governors of her Colonies appear to be more active. .And 'all.
this while the French Government reprobates thetraSe.isi.th

-etTengestterms, and declares that it is using its utmost efforts. land, Spain, and Portugal, -so long as it was found profitable ;
efor the prevention of so great an evil. That it is deeply to be and the only result of our efforts was to drive it into more des-
regretted that a Government .which has been generally re- perate hands. ••
.warded as eminent for its efficiency, Should here alone find its Lord LONDONDERRY, in explanation, stated that the
1
efforts so entirely paralysed. That meanwhile, we can only Governments of Spain and Portugal had shewn every disposition
• continue to lament, that a great and gallant nation, eminently to execute their treaties ; but it was-too much to expect that
tavoured by Providence with natural advantages, and among they should Iteep up the amount of naval force necessary to
the very foremost in -all the distinctions and enjoyments of insure the abolition of the trade. He agreed with the Hon.
civilized life, should thns, on -its restoration to the blessings . Gentleman (3lr. Barhain) that the trade was now carried on
.of Peace, and to the. Government of its Legitimate Sove- by buccaneers, which made it more dreadful to the wretched
reign, appear, in filet, to be the chief agent in blasting the objects of it ; as the ships were suited for sallying and fighting,
• opening prospects of civilization, which even Africa had begun and not for the accommodation of human beings. The len-
to preseht, and in prolonging the misery and barbarism of that gunge of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Sir J. Macintosh),
vaat Continent. with respect to the conduct of France and Russia, was neither
" That on the whole we conjure his Majesty to renew his jus' nor calculated to strengthen the thavernthent in its appeal
remonstrances, and to render it manifest that his interference to those Courts.
has not been a matter of form, but of serious and urgent duty. Mr. W. SMITH thought that when France professed so
That this country will at least have the satisfaction of knowing much zeal for the Abolition, it was well she should be made to
that we have been active and unwearied in making reparation see, that whatever language our Government, in policy, might
to Africa for the wrongs with which we ourselves were so long think fit to hold, the people of this country saw the hypocrisy
chargeable, and we cannot doubt that we shall ultithately be of French professions. When 90 or 100 vessels sailed under
able to congratulate his Majesty on the success of his endea- the French flag from our ports, on this trade; without a single
yours ; and on his having had a principal share in wiping away seizure, it was impossible there could be a desire to stop it.
.he foulest blot on the character of Christendom." The -SPEAKER then put the question from the Chair,
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY did not rise to oppose which was unanimously carried.
• -the motion of his Hon. Friend, and he should not look to par- IRELAND.—FAMINE.
•ticular expressions in his speech or in the document which he
had moved, with a critical eye in a .diplomatic point of view. 3fr. GOULBURN postponed to Tuesday next his motion
•He had done justice to his own feelings in the discharge of what for the renewal of the Irish Insurrection Act. •
•he considered a sacred duty, and that without any indeco-
Sir J. NEWPORT said, he thought it due to the honour of
-rum in -the general spirit of his address to those feelings
which ;must necessarily belong to independent powers. n the House, that they should not separate without some notice
-questions of international arrangements, a moderate tone of of the terrific accounts of the Famine in Ireland, and some as-
remonstrance would always effect more than strong and violent
surance being given that measures would be taken for its relief.
language. He had no hesitation in saying that he partook
It had been stated, on the authority of the Clergyman of a
in the common feeling expressed by his Hon. Friend with re-
parish, that 15 persons in one parish had perished by famine
,gard to the•:conduct of France and America. • He particularly
-went along with his Hon. Friend upon that most important that 28 more were past all hopes of recovery, and that 120 per-
sons in the' same parish were ill from fever produced by
principle of a modified right of search. Nothing but a common
want.-
-effort of this nature could stop the slave trade, and there were no (Hear, heael)—fn other parishes, almost equal distress existed.
-means of obtaining such a measure butby a common consent to Under these appalling. circumstances, the House should not
•regulate the general right of search. It was in vain to conceal separate without receiving' from his Majesty's Govern-
from themselves the truth that all their own efforts were of no ment assurances as tranquillizing as the case admitted of;
use without the concurrence of those two great powers, France and he could assure the Right Honourable Gentlemen that
it was with no feelings either of hostility or distrust that he
and America. The latter Government certainly, possessed great
advantages over the former in her means of abolishing the called on them to say what means they had taken to arrest
Slave Trade. The American Government had the whole mass this dreadful calamity.—(Hear, hear !)--From the' inform-
ofh population upon its hack in any steps it might take upon the ation of a Right Honourable Friend of his, connected with one
question, for the people of America were favourable to the prin-
of the distressed districts, the intelligence he received was pain-
ciple of abolition. But in the remonstrances to he made to ful in the extreme. In one parish five days before the date of
the letter, there had been found onlyfood for two days for the
_America, there should be nothing to affect the dignity of her
,Government, and nothing but what would leave her in a situa-
people, and at the date of the letter they had been three days
stion to claim the merit of what she might hereaftehdo in these without food. In that parish, the parochial minister had actu-
-matters. There was no Government more naturally jealous ally Prepared his parishioners for their inevitable death, accord-
-of its maritime rights than the British Government. Yet it ing to the rites of his particular Communion—(Hear !)—lt was
• was ready to make sacrifices in concurrence with those of merely superfluous to press on the House the necessity of tale.
-other countries for any regulations which might further this
ing decisive steps,aand of making known, together with the ex-
-great object. He agreed with his Honourable -Friend in the tent to which the calamity had gone, the means that were taken
view he had taken .of the conduct of France. There was, to stop its progress.—( Hear, hear !)
- unquestionably, a great desire on the part of the Govern- Mr. GOULBURN acquitted the Right Hon. Baronet of any
but the purest motives, and assured him that lie felt as deeply
- ment of that country to get rid of the tratfic. But they were
-deterred by apparent obstacles in the frame of their Go- as the Right Hon. Baronet, or any Gentleman, the awful ca-
vernment, and' in the constitution of their Representative As-
lamity ; the more so, because with every exertion on the part of
- semblies. As long, however, as the present practices re-
the Government, and with all the aid of man, much misery
mained in force, there would be a reproach to the name of
must take place. He alluded particularly to those parts of the
e •
country in which fietni the state of communications the convey-
- France. •He 'hoped they would feel themselves called upon as
- a great people to make strong laws, whose penalties should be ance of provisions was a matter of time and difficulty. Ile had
adequate to the suppression of the trade. He saw no just rca-
that day received accounts to a degree -confirmatory of the as-
- son why France should be jealo
- ,
of her maritime rights, when
sertions of the Right Honourable Baronet, as to the extent
nothing mere was expected from her than we were ready to of the suffering, especially in the county of Galway. Some
yield up. He concurred in the general views of the lion. time since the accounts from that county were so alarming, that
. 3:over, and was not disposed to quarrel with the particular ap-
though he knew the Lord Lieutenant was in communication
. plication of them in the present instance. with the gentry there, he had thought fit to ship to two ports of
Sir J. MACKINTOSH freely admitted that no blame was Galway, cargoes of the most portable species of provisionena-
--•to be attributed to the Noble Marquis or his colleagues, who, val biscuit. In conseqUence of the intelligence he had re-
he believed, had exerted themselves to the utmost in endeavour-
ceived that day, he had directed further shipments—(hear !) ;
• ing to abolish this infamous traffic. It might be proper to ob- and though all efforts might .be Insufficient to avoid, the'cala.
• serve the courteous forms of diplomacy in applying to other na- mity, they might have the satisfaction of having done all that
tions on this subject ; but whether the Members of that House was in their power. In addition to what was done on this side
• were therefore to restrain the expression of their opinion upon of the water, the Lord Lieutenant had now the additional
• it, was a very different question. For his own part, if he found sum of 100,0001., which, according to the terms of the vote,
• that other nations, after professing the strongest desire to abo- was granted for the emloyment of the poor, but which, where
lisp this traffic, persisted-in their encouragement of it, he would there were no means of employing them, would be applied to
their immediate relief. The enineer who directed the works
feet no hesitation in -saying that they were, in the face of g
to be undertaken had also a discretion to act upon the instant,
- the world, convicted of a disregard of every feeling of huma-
_nity. The various foreign nations in this respect might, he without reference to any authority, that no delay might inter-
thought, for the purpose of examining their conduct, be di-
fete with the efficacy of the relief.—(Hear !)
• sided into classes • except Portugal, indeed, which stood en- Mr. V. F ITZ GERA LD, as the person alluded toby his Right
• tirely by itself. 'Portugal had almost bid us defiance ; her Honourable Friend (Sir J. Newport), begged to confirm all that
conduct had been uniform, notwithstanding the change in her
had been stated of theafflicting account of the intelligence lie had
c
Government. She had made Monarchy execrable; and now received. Ha had heard, within the walls of the louse, of in-
she appeared to express a desire to atone to Monarchy, by dividuals who doubted the extent of the distress,—to them he
•
bringing odium on a popular Government. The conduct of had to repeat the fact, that in an extensive barony in the county
•
- Spain he viewed with some reg
intentions into effect. The ret ; but he indulged a hope he represented (Clare), and near the only town of that barony,
that she would put her grand
numbers were prepared by their pastors, according to the rites
:
United States, he believed, were back Ward on account
of their religion, to meet in death the relief from those suffer-
.;
,of our insisting upon tha right of search ; but he •trusted ings, the. which no other remedy appeared, and which they
they would not suffer any little national jealousy tog interfere had borne with exemplary patience.--(Hear, hear!)—He had
• with so laudable a subject as the present, or be misled by the received from one of those clergymen, who displayed perfect
examples of the pastoral character, the most affecting picture
term, e' right of search," which, in this instance, could have
no reference to the long agitated maritime question. He could of the extent of the distress. This individual having received
not, however, agree to couple the conduct of America with a donation, found that from the urgency of the famishing poor,
.that of France. The United States had expressly, by law, he could not distribute the relief' without such a pressure as
his aged and debilitated frame would not sustain. He moor-
. forbidden the trade, while France carried it on most exten-
• aively. Indeed, the House had no doubt heard of the atro- ed a boat at some distance from the shore, whence he sent
cities disclosed in the cases of the two French ships, Le Jeune the tickets for provisions from the store; but such was the
. Estelle and Le Rondeur. Still he must admit that France earnestness of the unfortnnate claimants, that those who were
had paid humanity the homage of hypocrisy ; but a new ad- strong enough to bear the buffeting of the waves, swam off to
• ministration had been formed, which avowed a determination the boat, clinging to it till he delivered them the tickets for the
relief of their families.—(rear, hear)—lie hoped the efforts
• not to extend the present laws for the abolition. Yet the
of his Right lion. Friend (Mr. Goulburn) would be as eflec-
enen cranposing this administration were the men loudest
in their professions of zeal for the Christian religion, and tual as his benevolence could hope ; but lie feared the means
of admiration for royalty. They had called the solemn
placed at the disposal of the Government were as yet insuffi-
. treaties of France anti-national, and had declared their present dent. One measure of great good sense and judgment had
- Legislation on the subject to be quite sufficient for the object.— been the authorizing an advance of money to meet the Grand
Jury Presentments, without calling on the peasantry in their
He had no hope but in the fearless appeals which could be
made through that House. Russia too, at the Congress of actual calamitous condition.
' 1815, had been profuse in her expressions of condemnation of Mr. WILBERFORCE rose only to express his hope and
. the traffic, and had recommended that the colonial produce of conviction, that whatever suns above the 100,0001. already voted
.- those countries which abolished the traffic should be excluded was necessary, it should be applied. The application of what-
: from the countries which did abolish it. Yet four years after- ever sum was necessary was not an act of generosity, hut of
• wards Russia imposed a tariff which had the effect of exclud- Jus.lae—(Hear !)—as in aship with a short allowance of pro vi-
ing the produce of those that had abolished, and admitting that sions, it would not be thought generosity foe those who had a
- ; of those which had not abolished this scandalous trade ; thus; superfluity to share it with the famished crew.—(Hear !)
in fact, giving a premium for a continuance of the trade. The 31r. H. SUMNER did not think there was a Member of the
- advisers of the Emperor of Russia on this occasion were, no House who doubted the magnitude of the distress ; certainly
-doubt, the persons who had set the Holy Alliance on foot; and there was not one who thought, whatever it was, that it should
, thus mixed up falsehood and the encouragement of barbarity not be relieved. The object of the House had been, not to limit
with their notions of Christianity. He should always raise his its vote to a certain sum, but that the distress should be relieved
-.woke to assist in calling these powerful criminals before the bar at any rate. The measure proper to he taken, he thought, was
of European public opinion.---(Hear, hear, hear !) an Address to the Crown, authorising any expenditure that
Mr. 31ARRYAT said, that as matters now stood, the West might be necessary.
" India Colonies must be soon completely ruined. It was impos- Mr. V. F ITZGERALD explained.
, Bible for them to enter into competition with those Colonies in Mr. BROUGIIAM rose to add his testimony to that of the
ewhich the Slave Trade was carried on. This should he an Honourable Member fur Breather, to a principle he thought
. additional motive with the House to extend further protec- very fit to be promulged, that the affording relief to the famish-
don to their own Colonies. Ile hoped all sides of the House ing people was not an act of generosity or humanity, or what
would concur in procuring the general a' gluon of the Slave was called charity, but of strict justice, and that in receiving
Trade. it the people should feel that they received only their strict
Dr. LUSHINGTON commenced by saying, that he agreed right.
'with his Hon. and Learned Friend- (Sir J. IVackintosh) that Mr. PEEL observed, that in proposing 50,0001. and 100,0001.
•:the British Government had shewn a sincere desire to put an it was never meant to limit the relief to that sum, but it was
;.end to the horrors of the Slave Trade, but he lamented that other thought better to vote the money as it was required. Before
-Governments were not merely backward in their endeavours to Parliament separated, a vote of what might be then thought
-suppress, but by every means in their -power gave life and en- requisite would be proposed.—(The conversation dropped.)
;:couragement to that detestable traffic. The lion. and Learned 3lr. NOLAN postponed his Motion on the Poor Laws to
Gentleman proceeded to read extracts of letters to shew the Wednesday, 10th .Iply.
present state of the Slave Trade, principally with respect to Por- Mr. LENNARD gave notice, that on the 17th of July, he
attegal. The effects of that detestable trade were calamitous should move for the production of any note or papers that might
-•
-wherever they appeared, and the efforts of our seamen to suppress have been presented to hiti 'Majesty's Ambassador at Paris,. or
- that trade were often attended with the loss of life. The House to his Majesty's Government, by any accredited agent or mini-
would recollect, that not more than a year and a half since a ster of the Republic of Columbia, in respect to obtaining from
-
Portuguese slave ship had been captured, and a midshipman his Majesty's Goveinment the recognition of the Independence
and eight sailors were put on board ; they were, however, of that Republic.
'overpowered, and seven of them were butchered on the spot. The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
The Honourable anti Learned Gentleman, after dwelling on the House adjourned at twelve o'Clock.
horror of the act, said, that as Portugal had openly violated
aher engagements—as site, contrary to the treaty that had been
,entered into, still continued the Slave Trade. he hoped that
not one shilling more of the sum stipulated by our Govern.
• ment would be paid to that Power; she violated her part of the
treaty, and had no right to look for the fulfilment of it on the
. part of Great Britain. With respect to Foreign Powers, it
-was but too plain that they felt little disposition to put ail end
to that profitable but most inhuman traffic ;—.lte trusted, how-
ever, that the feelings of the civilized world would be arrayed
against them. It was with the utmost satisfaction that he
. -cherished the belief, that not one individual in the assembly
which he addressed was friendly to that trade. Inc hoped
that the Members of the Government of this country would
feel it to be their duty to exert themselves with a view to en-
--sure its complete abolition.
Mr. BERNAL observed on the inefficient state of the mixed
. -Commissions. A very candid letter from tile -Commissioner of
• the Havannah (Mr. Jameson) stated, that 41; ships had entered
liarannali and the-other ports of Cuba not one of which had
been seized. -We now paid annually between 18 and 19,0001.
-for these Commissions. If they were continued, it was neces-
'eery to arm them with very different powers. we had paid
enormous sums to-Spain and Portugal for the putting of names
to treaties which
,were treated with disregard. Mr. Jameson
-stated, that in Cuba there were -14 millions of acres, of which
only three were in profitable occupation. There was no limit
into •-rte the importation that island till die whole was covered
with swarms of slaves.
51r. BARHAM observed, that our- interference with the
stforeign Slave Trade had hitherto tdone evil rather than good.
:..Tbe nail; he. feared, would be-.carried 011 by France, Hol.

[Wednesday night, during a division, when strangers were
excluded from the Gallery)-
111 r. F. BUXTON said, he had been desired to present two
Petitions to that House from a respectable Clergyman in the
Diocese of Peterborough, complaining of the conduct of the
Bishop, relative to his 87 questions. He had abstained from
doing so, as he wished sincerely, if possible, to avoid the dis-
cussion in the House of Commons, and conceived that the Pe-
titions should be first discussed in the Lords, where the Rev.
Prelate would have an opportunity of vindicating himself.
Such a discussion having now taken place, he hoped that what
then occurred would have the effect of inducing the Bishop to
reconsider the subject, and return to that which had so lon
been the uniform practice of the Church. If these hopes should
be disappointed, lie should consider it his duty to call the at-
tention of the House to the subject in the earliest period of the
next Session.

SUGAR TRADE.—It is rumoured in the City
that one of the reasons for the Postponement of the Budget of
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER to Monday. next is,
that the Sugar Trade'have been desirous of entering into some
arrangement with the Government, by which an increased
bounty may be allowed on the exportation of Refined Sugars,
without affecting the price to the home consumer. In further-
ance of this object a deputation of the Trade waited upon the
CHANCELLOR of the,ExcuEQuEn. yesterday morning, and
we understand that, after
.a long interview, the Right Honour-
able Gentleman expressed himself favourable to :the wishes of
the Trade.—(.2Vere Times.)
