but she abounds in mines of wealth which we
have not yet opened—in treasures enough to
surfeit the imagination of avarice. Besides supplying
as much wine, and oil, and rice, and tea, and sugar,
1 and drugs, and spices, as she would require for the
1 use of her own population, India is 'capable of pro-
ducing more of these commodities than would be
requisite for the wants of half the nations of
Europe. Instead of imposing on the miserable
ryots the necessity of growing opium to the ex-
; tent, on an average, of 30,000 chests annually for
demoralizing the inhabitants of China, we might,
by the judicious encouragement of the cultivation
of cotton, and the growth of the tea-plant, render
the whole population, free, and happy, and inde-
pendent. instruments of increasing wealth and
civilization, instead of being, as they are now,
miserable agents of the demoralization of the Chi-
nese empire. Did the southern States of America
not find a ready market for cotton in England,
they would have long since abolished slavery ;
and we would venture to affirm that if we even now
substitute the cotton of our fellow-subjects in
British India for the produce of the United States,
ten years will not elapse before there will not be a
slave to be found within the wide extent of North
America. But for our encouragement of slave-
labour, the institution could not possibly exist even
for two years in any part of the United States.
But upon these points, and many others which
our space will not permit us to touch upon, ample
information will be found in the Report of the
Meeting of the friends of the Society held on
Saturday, which is published in another part of The
Sun, and to which we especially invite public atten-
tion. Independently of high moral and religious
considerations, this is a question in which
every person that wears silk or cotton, drinks tea,
desires a bottle of cheap and good wine, is fond of
a rich desert or a diSh of rice, has a direct inte!est
Nor need we detail to the merchant and the politi-
cal economist the advantages which must accrue to
us from making our own colonies subsidiary to the
supplying of all our wants, and consequently
enabling them in return to consume our manufac-
tures. We have here no commercial rivals to dread
—no national jealousies to contend with—no com-
mercial treaties to negociate—no corrupt officials to
propitiate. The regulation of production and con-
sumption is entirely in our own power, and let trade
operate as it may, the balance must be always in
favour of British subjects.

BILL.

PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF AIONOPOLY.

We are glad to see by an advertisement in ano-
ther part of our Journal that the leading men of the
City of London are to have a meeting on Wednes-
day next, to petition Parliament to carry Mr. Row-
LAND HILL'S plan of a uniform penny postage
into effect. We trust that they will teach Sr
ROBERT PEEL that his opposition to the measure
is ill-timed, though we are free to admit that the
manner in which the Chancellor of the • Ex-
chequer brought forward the motion invited the
opposition, if it did not justify it. Such alarm as
he displayed for the revenue—such apprehension
lest faith might not be kept to the public cre-
ditor—such an exaggerated estimate as he
made of the loss to be incurred—such a puling.,
meagre sketch as he gave of its advantages, such
discredit as he threw. on the unanimous petitions
of 'the universal people—such an anxiety as he
evinced for a pledge to make up the deficiency in
the revenue, were well calculated, if they were not
intended, to alarm the Tories for the finances, and
to inspire them with courage to oppose his plan.
With a case like that of the uniform pennypostage
in his hands, backed as he would have been by all
classes and conditions, more boldness and more
confidence would have become Mr. RICE. We
never heard a lamer advocate, unless it was
in a cause which the pleader had been
bribed to lose. We have no fear, how-
ever, of its ultimate success. It cannot be
spoiled by any official mismanagement ; and the
gentlemen of the City of London will endeavour
to put an end to Mr. RICE'S fears for the revenue
anti to Sir ROBERT PEEL'S Opposition. We
regret to see the character of the Ministers, when
they have, on this point, done all that was expected
of them, damaged by the manner in which Mr.
RICE brought forward, on Friday night, his reso-
lution to establish a on-dot-in penny - postage,
coupled with a p'edge on the part of the HOuse of
Commons, that it would tax the people, if necessary,
to make up any loss to the revenue which might be
incurred by adopting the scheme.

Letters from Constantinople of the 17th ult., an-
nounce that on the 15th, Admiral ROUSSIN, having on
the previous day received despatches from the French
Government, informed the Porte that the French fl_et
in the Levant had received orders to employ force, if
necessary, to prevent hostilities between the. Turkish
and Egyptian fleets. To this declaration the Sultan
had not returned an answer on the 17th, but the general
impression was that nothing would prevent him fr:mn
making war upon his vassal. Independently of the
large fleet which sailed on the Bth and 9th four fri-
gates, three brigs, and three corvettes, were getting
ready for sea. The English ships in the Levant had
received orders to co-operate with the French Admiral
in the prevention of hostilities.

There is no news of any political interest in the Paris
Journals of Friday and Saturday, the whole of which we
have received. The trial of the prisoners is not yet con-
cluded, but so tamely is it conducted that the public is
absolutely sick of it. Nothing remained on Saturday but
to hear the Counsel for the defence, or rather to allow
them to weary themselves talking ; for it was observed
that half the Peers were asleep during the proceedings.
Domiciliary visits, and the seizure of concealed arms
are matters of daily occurrence in Paris. The garrisons
around the City are receiving fresh reinforcements.
The Madrid Journals received are of the 29th ult.,
but they bring no news of interest. From Bayonne
the accounts are of the lst inst., but they too, are un-
important. ESPARTERO had caused three of the prin-
cipal inhabitants of Amurrio to be shot for favouring
the Carlists. Don CARLos had shifted his head quar-
ters to Bergara, from an apprehension that he was too
near to General Don DIEGO LEON, who was prepar-
ing to visit Estella.

THE THUNDER STORM, LAST
NIGHT.

Last night, between nine and twelve o'clock, the neighbour-
hood of the metropolis was visited with one of the severest
thunder-storms that has occurred for many years. The sky had
looked dark and threatening for some hours previously, espe-
cially towards the west and north, where the horizon was of a
uniform dull yellow, as if charged with electric matter ; the
heat also was most oppressive, and there was not wind enough
to stir a leaf. About eight o'clock a few heavy drops of rain
fell, and shortly afterwards the storm commenced. The light-
ning, which was chiefly in the west, was remarkable, not only
fur its duration and its intense brilliancy, but for its being al-
most wholly unaccompanied by thunder. With the exception of
one terrific peal which seemed crashing right overhead, there
was scarcely any thunder; and what little there was, was evi-
dently, from its faint, muttering sound, at a great distance.
The storm was at its height about half-past nine o'clock, at
which hour the blue, ghastly sheet lightning, followed momently
by forked flashes of a bright glowing red, like red-hot steel,
and which darted, not as is usually the case, in a zig-zag man-
ner, but perpendicularly down from the clouds, pre,ented a
spectacle of sublimity quite tropical in its character. We know
not indeed that we ever beheld such lightning. Flash followed
flash, with scarcely a minute's interval, for upwards of two
hours, when the storm gradually died away. We fear it has
done much mischief, and that we shall hear of the loss of hu-
man life ; for about six or eight miles from London, in the
direction of Hounslow, it must have raged with uncommon
♦iolence.

rIETROPOLITAN POLITICAL
SUMMARY.

In consequence of a heavy pit;Ss of miscellaneous matters we
are compelled to be unusually brief with our Political Sum-
mary Ibis day.—The Morning Post has a long leading article
on the subject of Education, the object of which is, of course,
to condemn the proceedings of Ministers, and to show that they
ought to have " abandoned the scheme, or any other scheme
applicable solely to England, which had a large majority of
English Members against it !" The Morning Chronicle,
commenting on the Bishop of London's anti-education speech
in the House of Lords on Friday night, justly observes of it : --" The
speech of the Bishop of London seems to us to be very irreligious
in its tendency. We allude more particularly to that part in which
he endeavoured to show that a gentleman might be correct and ho-
nourable in his conduct without religion, but that to a poor man
religion was innispensable." The Morning Herald contains an
article filled with the most sickening flattery of the Archbishop
of Canterbury, for his endeavour to perpetuate ligotry and igno-
rance among the English people, by his anti-education motion
in the Lords on Friday night. The Times falls foul of the
Chancellor's Fludget, but carefully refrains, except in one soli-
tary instance, from grappling with its details. The Morning
Advertiser, alluding to the recent education debate in the Lords
remarks that it puts the claims of the Church to the control of
national education on narrower and better defined grounds,
while it offers a complete exposition of the Government plan,
and of the justificatory motives upon which it is founded.
A

circumstance has just alrested our attention,
that we need hardly remark is without a parallel case. Mr
George Robins, through whose instrumentality half the
landed property in England has changed hands, announces
in our columns, simultaneously, first 50,000 acres of land;in
America; then a villa and lands with 1,500 acres, the
favoured residence of Tuscany, and not far removed from
Florence, by the English traveller designated " The Italian
Paradise ;" then follows 600 acres of land in Brittany, es-
pecially adapted to successful emigration, and lastly, (as it
were to consummate all his proud ambition,) a little castle
and 400 acres of land, approaching tho famed City of
Athens, commanding all its ancient grandeur and looking
upon the Aet•oppolis._thc Aeademus of Plp..to—the Mount_
Ilyrreettus and Pentelicus__tt Pi: ails—Salamis—and in-
deed, all the islands of the Aegean Sea. This is indeed a
new era in the vocation of an auctioneer.

SHARES.
Bristol ond Exeter Railway
Eutern Countins liailw '''''''''' "“"' 014
("Wan' and Brighton
lialkion and Birmin4hani Railway 162
Illanchaiter and Birmingham I:aihydY
Northtrn and Eastern Railway

rif 4-e•el--N, LONDoN, MONDAY, JULY 8, iBf-0

BLACKWALL RAILWAY EXTEN-

It is asserted by the OppOnenft of this nieasnre
:that Parlia-
Mot has hitherto Confined the teiinini of Railways to the
Suburbs of cities and towns. Numerous instances occur to the
Contrary ; amongst Olich may be named Manchester, Liver-
wol, York, Derby, and Dublin, which afford positive contradic-
tions to this assertion; and thes^ ,atlways) it tntist be observed,
are worked by locomotive engines, which the Blackwall is not.
It is alleged that the extension of this Railway will occasion
a frightful destruction of property, and will be an intolerable
nuisance to the City of London.

The promoters deny that either of these results can follow
from the extension sought, which is only 415 yards ; not in the
heart of the City, but crossing a remote part lying between the
Alinories on the east and Fenchurch-street on the west. The
houses required to be removed will not excetd forty-three.
The virduct will be twenty feet in height, clearing all the
atm ts, and in no respect interfering with the traffic. No
locomotive engine or other machinery will be used;
of the line being worked' in onh direction by momentum, and
the other by gravity. There 4vill not be the slightest percep-
tiblen
noise or vibration, noeven so much inconvenience as is
becasioned by the traffic in a common street. this part
The chief object of the Bill is to render more certain the
clearance of the Pool, by bringing the terminus of the Railway
equally near to the centre of the City, as the wharfs now used
for steam-boats at London-bridge.
The opponents have 'raised a cry against the Company, of
breach of faith with the City. This accusation is false, as will
anpear from the minutes of the Committees in the House of
G mmons in 1837, and the present year, and from those of the
House of Lords in 1837 ; in all which instances it was dis-
tinctly disproved : it will be again refuted upon oath before the
Commiiteo of the Lords.

The Promoters retort upon the'r opponents the charge of
breach of faith, they having entered into an agreement in 1837
to permit a similar Bill to that then before Parliament to be in-
troduced in the next or subsequent session, and that it should
not be opposed until it reached the Committee of the Lords.
The Bill now before Parliament is a similar Bill, but it has beat
opposed in all its stages.
The opponents have stated that the railway will occasion the
destruction of three Churches. The fact being that it c's ?s not
approach nearer to any Church than 175 feet, and having
streets and large masses of buildings between the railway and
all the churches in its neighbourhood.
It is asserted that 2,245/. only have been expended about the
works of the original line ; and that the cost of the extension
will be 411,8001. On the contrary, upwards of 200,000/.
have been expended; and it has been satisfactorily established
before the Committee of the House of Commons, that the cost
of the extension (including the requisite depot) will not exceed
193,000/.*

In the House of Commons the Preamble was voted proved by
a majority of 9 to 3, and the Report in favour of the extension
was carried by a majority of 103 ; the numbers being 176 to 73.
[The above is published by the authority of the Board of
Directors:

* The promoters have been accused of a departure from
the powers and provisions of their Act of 1836 They dis-
stinctly and emphatically deny that there is the slightest foun-
dation for this charge.

Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugar in
Mincing-lane, and comparing the same against that of foreign
sugars:--

London, July 6, 1839.
The " Gazette" of last night quotes the average Per cwt.
price of British Piantation Muscovado Sugar, ex-
clusive of duty, at
The actual quantity sold on account of the importers in the
week ending the 2d inst., on which the above is computed, con-
sisted of 599 hhds., 119 trs., and 238 barrels, and not of 900
hhds. as estimated in the market,
Muscovado Sugars produced by free hands East of the Cape of
Good Hope, have been sold this week at from 20s. to 255. per
cwt., being abaut 18s. per cwt. less than the price of West
India Sugar. This unjust and indirect tax of 181. per ton,
collected in the price of all Sugar consumed by the British
community for the exclusive benefit of the quondam slave
owners, is rendered the more obnoxious and repugnant to the
feelings of the nation by the reflection that it aids and stimu-
lates the perpetration of those acts of revolting cruelty, and po-
litical unfairness towards the black population, with statements
of which the newspapers and pamphlets written by eye wit-
nesses abaund from day to d•.y, nor is this all the mischief which
may be alleged against this shameful tax, for by it the means arc
furnished which enable the whit e people of Jamaica—who in point
of number and respectability are very far inferior to the *
inhabitants of the meanest parish in London to beard the Im-
perial Government, and to neck at the humanity displayed by
this great nation in 1833. If her Majesty's Ministers, cog-
nizant as they are, of the extortionate.effecta of this Sugar too-
nopoly, are not strong enough to put it down altogether, they
might surely refrain from directly encouraging such an into-
lerable abuse—they might steer a Middle course, and wait a
favourable opportimity fel' annihilating a system so diametricdly
opposed in pitinciple to other important measures which they
have successfully advocated; bur, unfortunately for the pub-
lic at large, they blink this question, and do in fact
support a system which they know to be beset with
manifold sins. If that were not the case, what justifiable
reason can they assign for purchasing, as they recently
have done, West India Sugar for the use of the Navy at forty
pOmnds per ton, when they might, if they had chosen, have ob-
i tamed a supply of Muscovado sugar of equal quality at twenty- two
pounds per ton—the last contract was for 100 tons---the clear
loss to the nation, therefore, on that single transaction amounts
to 1,8001. ; there may be a dozen such contracts in the course of
the year for sugar for aught we know, constituting a net an-
nual gift to the colonists of upwards of 20,0004 Taking this
as a sample, we have a right to assume th .t the money Squan;•
dered, in conjunction with this, upon other monopoly-priced
articles, for the use of the navy, would well defray the
expenses of maintaining a small fleet at sea. There can
exist no rational cause for thus petting the West Indians,
who, the Ministers must knew, would, in return for such
kindness, he amongst the foremost to chase them from office.
Moreover, such misapplication of money brings the
Government into disrepute with the industrious classes of the
country, who cannot fail to perceive that they are made to con-
tribute their hardlysearned wages to furnish the means for pay-
ing the 181. per ton more than the Sugar is worth. Again, is
it fair upon the navy, to make that important branch of the
service appear in the eyes of the nation more costly than its
efficiency actually requires ?
During the past week the Mincing-line Market has been ex-
tremely dull, although prices are lower. The account of deli-
veries of West India Sugar from the Docks of this Port in the
last week, showed that the public had taken less oy 669 hhds.
than in the corresponding week of 1838. The deliveries of
Sugar at all the outports were likewise very short of the quantity
delivered this time last year, which clearly dem onitratei that a
wholesome and laudable determination now prevails 'through-
oute
uathns interests
aFtutlos'
aeree(
ilbugoUetnre:relinquisheder
e,b, atyt.
free_th
cwt.—the
e labourconsumption
been
om otft
Sugar
thed t o
wouldfiv
oe am te,
ni,sstoeufudg a4arrs.. raisedp Kingdoma d favouritism
abstain
e
f
vt
towards r dgseneWraelslty front
have increased so prodigiously that we should not now have had
to lament that the disbursements of the State exceed the amount
of its revenue, nor would the Chancellor of the Exchequer have
been under the dire necessity of borrowing money at a costly sa-
crifice to supply the amount deficient, We again earnestly
are-
commend the people to persevere in a rigid abstinence from
breakingSuga through
rforsamet
thimeis longer,
and they willssuredly succeed in
abominable monopoly. The stock in
London on the 30th June, 1837, was 17,439 hhds. and trs., and
the Gazette price 325. 64d. per cwt. The stock in London
en the 29th June, 1839, was 27,277 hhds. and trs., and the
Gazette price 41s. 6d. per cwt., nearly 10,000 hhds. snore,
besides a surplus of East India Sugar of 30,000 bags. Can any
human being say why the nation should pay 9s. per cwt. more
for Sugar in 1839, than was paid for it in 1837?

MONEY AND COMMERi.3IA L N EIVS

CITY. TWELVE O'CLoCR.
Arrived this morning two French, two Ostend, and a Dutch
mail; ship letters from Calcutta of an old date.
We have received a Mauritius Price Current, of the 19th
March.
Exchangt. upon London—Mauritius Government Bilk three
days sight, 2b to 3 premium ; Mauritius Bank Bills, 90 days
sight none; l'rivate Bills 90 days sight par and 1 per Cent.
diicount •, on France, 90 days sight at par and I per cent.
discount. _

We have received Bombay Papers to the 19th May, but
their chief contents, respecting the armies, have already ap-
peared.
From the Papers of the 16th Dlay, a letter received from
Amarapoora of 23d March, gives an account of an awful
earthquake that had occurred there a day or two previous
to the above date, the houses had rocked so violently
that chairs rolled about the rooms, and the next morn-
ing they found the country under water and the earth forced
open in several places ; every brick house had been thrown
down and many lives had been lost. The palace of the Kir.g at
Ava had shared the same fate, burying many persons under its
ruins.

Consols which closed on Saturday, 934 i for the Account,
opened this morning, 93{ Buyers, and for Money, 92 Ex-divi-
dend ; Exchequer Bills, 25 27 ; India Bonds, 28 30; Bank
Stock, 191 192 ; India Stock, 255 257.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active, 19%; Portuguese,
344 35 ; Three-per-Cents, '214; Mexican, 264; Columbian,
33%; Brazilian, 774; Dutch Two-and-a-half per Cents, 54 i ;
Five per Cents,lo34 4.
PitICES OF sl'ut.,Kl THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock - Indi2 Stock - --
3 per Cent. lied.
Ditto Bonds 25 pm.
:i per Cent. Cons. 9l ip 2!4; 2 South Sea Stock —
3 .. per Cent —; Old AnnuiLes —
Ditto Red. 100 9:3% : New Ditto
New 54, per Cent ...., l,9l;tili i 3 per Cent. Annuities, 17%1
New 5 per Cent. - Exch. nine, £1,015) ... 20 28 pm.
Bank Long Annuities toexpire Ditto 500 ... "27 :29 pot.
Jan. 5, 1860 l4 7-14% , Ditto Small '8 SO pm.
Oct, 10, 1559 - Ditto Commercial — Pm.
J: n. 5, 1t4).1 if ii Ditto Advertised ... - pm,
Jan. 5, 1880.. ...... . .-...,„ - Bank Stock for Account ... --.
April 3, 1880. ...... India Stock for Account ... ..-.....
.1311. 4* 1870 ... - . . ......"
PRICF.S or I'011:EI .... ... NDS THIS DAI AT ONE O'CLOt K.
Brazi ian Bonds, 7714 8; Ditto for the Account 7; ; Cr,lian
Bonds for the Account, a 7 8," • Danish fond', Three per Cent, 75;
Poi tugue4e New Bands, for th !Accou t, 35 4 sq, 4i.
HALF-PAST ONE.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARICZT, Jutv 6.—We have had a fair
attendance of the trade in our market to-day, but their pur-
chases were so limited in extent as scarcely to amount to
2,000 bales, and prices in some instances are %d. to %d. per lb.
lower

Consols continue firm, with little doing, and may be quoted
at soi a for the Account, and for Money 92. Money continues
19i, nominal ; Portuguese, 30 ;
in the same state as at the end of the week. To-morrow the
public will receive their dividends, and in all probability in a
few days money will become more plentiful. Exchequer Bills,
26 28 ; India Bonds, 2$ prem. ; Bank Stock, nothing doing.
In the Foreign Market; Spanish Active, nothing done, 19 to
per Cents., 544;
Bra-
zilian, 774; Chilian, 3.} Danish,
Three per Cents., 21i;
75; Dutch Two-and-a-
HaIfCLOSING PRICES.
BRITISH FUNDS
Bank Stock ... ............ hulk, At ack
FOREIGN
3 per Cent. Red .. ........................ i. 10,4 I Ditto Bonds
3 per Cent Ct.iis. ....... ... .... 92. 1 Ditto Old Annuities
334 per Cent. Red .............. . koi Ditto Jew Annuities
Five per Cents., 104.
_
New 3y;, per Cent ....... .. ........ gd% Ex. Bills, I,oooi 9,1 2l, pm.
Nciv S per Cent. .......... Ditto NV/ '..1) pm.
Long Annuities to expire"' Ditto 500, SO pm,
Jan. 1160 .................. 14% Bank Stock for Opg. .—
Oct. 1859 .................. India Stock for Opg
Jan 18110
Austrian, 5 per cent......,,,,,, Portuguese Bonds, Stier cent.
Belgian, 5 per cent. .............. Ditto New Ditto
Brazilian Bonds ...... ............ 78 Prussian, 5 per cent.
Buenos Ayr.:3, 6 per cent..., Russian Bonds, 5 per cent
Chilian, 6 per cent ............... Ditto, Metallic
Colomthan, 6 per cent..,.,,,,,, Spanish. 5 per yen. l9l
;Mtn 1824 Ditto Deferred
Dani;h, 3 i:er cent ..... .....,... riN FUNDS
7; French, 5 per cent —f. —c.
Greek Bonds, 1823, Sper et. Exchange —f —c
Mexican, 5 per cent............. French, 3 per cent —f. —c,
Peruvian, 1825,6 per cent.... —. Ditto,
Ditto, 6 per cent., lii.r;
---- ......... outch, '4i per cent.
101 Y,
5 per cent.
