speeches of his fellow-candidates. This caused a
dispersion of part of the assemblage, but the majo-
rity stood their ground firmly, in spite of the ele•
mews.] Mr. Ramsden then proceeded to state his
opinions in favour of the early abolition of slavery.
He repl;ed, amidst great applause, to the attack of
Mr. Morritt on Ministers respecting the dispute be-
tween Belgium and Holland.
The Hon. W. DUNcosttiE had already frequently
expressed his sentiments on ell the leading political
questions in his canvass throughout the riding, and
was glad to find that a large portion of the respects
bility of it had kindly and candidly received him.
His cause would be vietcri.Oils.—(Loud hisses.)
He would at all times stand forward as the pro-
tector of Dritish agriculture, though without de-
manding privileges to which it was not justly en-
titled.—(Cheers.) He would readily ameliorate
the condition of all clas:,es by the strictest economy,
and by removing oppressive taxes, such as the as-
sessed taxes.—(Laughter, cheers, and hisses.) He
thought slavery, both in our colonies and manufacr
tories, ought to be abolished; and to the questions
of the East India Company and Bank Charter he
would give his best attention.
Mr. STAPYLTON thought they ought to have the
ballot for the counties at all events, whether they
had it in towns or not. He had addressed 100,000
persons in his ran vass, all of whom seemed to agree
with him in thinking himself the best man of the
four to ropresent the North Riding.—(Great laugh-
ter.) He should support Lord Grey's Ministry in
all useful Reforms.
Mr. CAYLEY expressed his opinions at some
length, in which he spoke favourably of the Reform
Bill, and said, in allusion to Sir R. Peel's state-
Meta, that after it had passed, the service of the
Crown would be worthless, that the Bill would cer-
tainly prevent persons from serving themselves out
of the pockets of the Teople, as they had formerly
done.---(Cheers.) He expressed himself strongly
in favour of immediate abolition of slavery, arid vi-
vidly depicted the misery of the slaves. He was in
favour of Church Reform, and against pluralities,
disproportionate livings, and bishoprics.--(Ap-
plause.) Tithes he thought a most improper im-
post ; he wished them to be merely as a land tax.
He was entirely against the East India monopoly,
and against the General Registry Bid, and was of
opinion the Batik Charter should not be renewed,
except under very great modifications.—(Cheers.)
The HIGH SHERIFF then took the show of hands,
and after three shows in favour of each candidate,
decided that Mr. Stapylton and Mr. Cayley had the
majority. This was received with loud cheers.
Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Ramsden demanded a poll,
which was appointed to take place on Thursday
morning at 9 o'clock. The meeting then separated

EAST SURREY.
Yesterday, the election for this county com-
menced. A hot contest was anticipated. Great
has been exerted to keep out Major Beau-
clerk, Whip and Tories uniting for that purpose;
,end in the neighbourhood of Croydon great com-
plaints are made of most undue influence hay-
ing been exercised. We visited all the polling
places in turn, as follows :
