,

N

5...
; good cause; and he l'turicsqed that Mr. liku 'p\ ety, who
had pledged: himself to thee.xtinclion Ofe.alkab es, the
1 vote by ballot (without which liberty ssrs but a name,
and the franchise valueless), and the s-verance of the adul-
terous connexion of Church and State, was entitled to
their suffrages.—(Cheers.) They now had an opportunity
if securing their liberties, and unless they to ,k advantage
of it, they deserved to be doubly taxed. Let them, then,
return men of character and integrity, upon whose pro-
mises they could rely.—(Cheers.)
Mr. GREENACRE then came forward to nominate Mr.
T. L. Murray, as a fit anti proper person to represent the
borough in the ensuing Parliament. He knew him to be
a man of the most liberal principles ; and so gre it were
his ta'ents, that, compared to hint, all the other candidates
were but as a farthing rush to the noon-tide splendour of
the meridian sun.—(Loud laughter, and cries of " We
don't know hint," "We don't want him.") Mr. Murray
possessed full knowledge of the wants anti wishes of the
middling classes of the c,iminunity, and if the electors of
Southwark sent him to Parliament, be would devote him-
self entirely to their service.
Mr. BLACKFORD seconded Mr. Murray's nomination.
The HIGH BAILIFF then put the Candidates, seriatim,
in the order in which they had been nominated, that the
electors might determine, by holding up their hands, who
had the majotity of their votes. On the show of hands
which took.place, Mr. Sheriff Humphery and Mr. W.
Brougham, had evidently the vast majority; and, announce-
ment to that effect having been made to the assembl, d
electora, the most deafening shouts of hearty applause
followed, which lasted for several minutes.
Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY then presented himself, and
was received with loud and long-continued cheers. He
considered it the highest honour, and the greatest pleasure
which any honest man could h ive, after a life-time devoted
to the advocacy of liberal principles, to be placed as the first
man to be returned by the borough of Southwark to
the first Reformed Parliament.—(Loud cheers.) The
borough of Southwark had determined to send a man who
had resided all along among themselves. He was their
own man. He hoped, however, he did not need to tell
the electors that it was enough to support him by a show
of hands, hut also on Monday lay their votes.—(Clicers.)
If he went to the House of Commons, he should go there
independent and unshackled, having no interest of his own
'o serve, and having at heart only the interests of the
people.—(Cheers.) The people were only the body that
should be represented in that House, and lie would attach
himself to no patty which would not assert and vindicate
the people's rights. —(Cheers. )If electors, now invested with
the franchise, sent tit the new Parliament, proper Members i
they would get all the bent fit which Reform would legi-
timately confer upon them ; but if Members got in
under false colours, in opposition to the wishes of the
ueeple, Reform would he a dead letter.—(Cheers.) He
would fulfil all his promises, to the very letter, and the
.Vectors of Southwark would never have an opportunity
to say that be had belied either his previous character, his
conscience, or his professions of sincere devotedness to the
popular rights. The gentleman then withdrew amidst
loud and long continued plaudits.
Mr. DAVIS lamented that Mr. William Brougham was
unable personally to acknowledge the honour which
the electors of Southwark had just COnferred upon him.
He hoped, however, that on Wednesday morning he
would be able to be present to thank the electors for
placing him at the head of the poll. He knew
he would never desert the cause of the people,
which he had, so successfully and so honourably advo-
cated—(Cheers)—but if ever he should, he (Mr. D.), his
hest friend, would be the first to abandon him.—(Cheers.)
lie candidly thanked the electors for the mark of atten-
tion, which. under the melancholy circumstances of his
absence, they had shown to Mr. Brougham.—(Loud
-heers.)
Mr. ALLEN next presented himself amidst much con-
t'osion, which prevented him from being heard.
Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY, having interfered, obtained for
liiin a hearing.
Mr. ALLEN then proceeded to state his political princi-
des. He had all along been a sincere and ardent Reformer,
Ind he would never swerve from advocating liberal principles.
As to the assessed taxes, he considered them unfair and
ippressive to the poorer classes, while they bore compara-
ively lightly on the gentry. It the window tax was
iholished no disadvantage would accrue to the Exche-
liter, as a great revenue would be recceivcd from

Le greater quantity of exciseable glass which would be

used. He was an enemy to the—corn laws as they at
,'resent existed ; and his opinion was that they should be
Itered so as to give the greatest possible advantage to the
rtizan with the least possible detriment to the agricul-
turist. The gentleman then went en amidst much
,onfusion and repeated interruption to vindicate himself
from the charge of being a placeman. He was no more
placeman than Mr. W. Brougham; and he had himself
!ssisted the Lord Chancellor in several important branches
)1 Reform which had been brought about in his G,urt.
ff they thought that the gentleman on whom the show of
lands had fallen was worthy of their support, for God's
,ake let them return him. He came there determined to
lo his duty, if returned. It was only on that ground he
came forward. He bad explained his p:inciples, and by
,hem he was determined to stand. He would detain
hem no longer, but merely request that his friends would
hasten early on Monday to the poll.
Mr. 'l'. L. MURRAY then came forward amidst much

icing.

He had come forward that morning to put the

lectors of Southwark to the test, to see whether they
were really independent or nor ; to show to the world
xhether they were to be represented by the Court of Chan-
cery•, or by honest, independent men. He was anxious
o defend the borough from getting into that sink of
iniquity; for if it once got into it, there was no
hope of its ever getting out. lie threw himself on the
people ; and though he was surrounded by the friends of
he other candidates, who apparently had come there that
:norning to laugh—(Loud hissing)—he came there
to stand on public principle, the principles of Radical
Reform. He did not come these to tell them his
,ipinions, but to give them pledges,—solemn p'edges of
what his conduct would he, if sent to the Home of Com-
mons. He understood that the Master in Chancery had
;ot a head-ache that morning.—(This sentence was
received with immense uproar, which lasted for the space
nearly 10 minutes.) He would not be put down by
clamour. He came there to speak to the people, and
+peak to them he would, though he stood there till to-
morrow morning. When they were tired, then he would
tell them his sentiments. The people of England had
been taxed till they had become miserable, and if he was
n the next House of Commons, he would do all

In his power to relieve them of it. If the Mem-
)ers of the first Reformed Parliament were to be re-

turned by clamour, then it would be better that
They should again have Old Sarum and Gatton. It would
he at the poll that it would be shown whether the pre-
Sent feeling against him was real. The Reform Bill had
done the borough no good ; it had disfranchised many of
the old electors. He trusted, therefore, that those who

lad got the franchise for the first time would do their
uty. One of the first measures in the new Parliament
lust be, an extension of the suffrage; for nothing else

would give order and peace to the country.
A voice in the crowd cried out, " I say, Murray, where
do you come from ?"
Mr. MURRAY--Marylebone.
The ELECTOR" Then go back and vote for Horne;
we don't want you here."
Mr. MURRAY then asked, was this the purity and free-
dom of election; if silence was not kept, be wuuld call

upon the people to put the clamour down.—(Loud
Disapprobation.) The last candidate who addressed
them had said, that some electors bad broken their

promises to him, and his language was, that he would
mark them.—(Cries of "No, No.")
_These were his

own words, and if this was the language of their candidate,
it would bring shame and disgrace upon them to return
him for the borough. He was anxious that the
people should have cheap bread, and in order that
that might be obtained, he advocated the sweeping away
of all tithes and corn laws. He would entirely separate
the Church from the State. The speaker continued much

in the same strain, repeating all that be had before said at
his various district meetings, and concluded amidst im•

mense uproar. He was received throughout with great

disapprobation.
The HIGH BAILIFF then declared that a poll had been
demanded on the part of L. B. Allen, E,q., the polling to
commence on Monday morning.
Mr. Muaitav again presented himself, and resigned his
pretensions, amidst great laughter, and criLs of, " That's
the best thing you've said yet."
A vote of thanks was then passed to the High Bailiff,
and the electors separated, with three cheers for the
respective candidates.

LAMBETH.
The place of nomination for the borough of Lambeth
hiviog been fixed by the ,Returning-officer for Kenning-
ton-common, a large concourse of the electors asseml.led
there soon alter nine o'clock this morning. At about the
centre of the Common very spacious hustings were erected,
which were at a very early period cro.ded indiscrimi-
nately with the friends of the several candidates, no pre-
vious arrangement having been made for admission
thereon in any particular order. The instant the
an alarm was given that they
hwuesrteingnsotwoerfe
sufiffilleclient strength to bear the weight

of so many persons, and that it was absolutely ne-
cessary for them to he cleared. Many retired imme-
diately, others kept their places. At length a gentleman
in a Stentorian tone of voice made his appearance on the
hustings, and declared that he had been assured by the
builder it was riot safe to remain on the hustings in
their state, and that it was impossible for him (the
builder) to render the hustings secure so long
;is so many persons continued to remain thereon.
Few persons however seemed disposed to quit their seats,
and the hammering went on with great activity. Long
before the candidates appeared their colours were waving
in front of the hustings. For Hawes, they wi re blue and
buff; for Tennyson, blue; and for Moore, blue. The
English. Jack was also hoisted in various pats through.
out the crowd. We regret that we are unable to compli-
ment Mr. Hope the Returning-officer on his civility to the
Press. He threw every obstlcle in our way, by endea-
vouring to displace us from our seats. We hope on the next
occasion be will treat the Press with a little more courtesy.
This conduct is rather an inauspicious commencement of
the principle of Reform as regards electioneering matters.
Shortly after 11 o'clock, the Returning-officer, Mr.
Hope, read the precept from the S!:eriff, after which he
took the usual oath, and lead the Act against bribery.
All the candidates arrived on the hustings at an early
hour except Mr. Wakefield, who did not arrive until after
the Returning-officer had taken the oath, when he ap-
pe►red, accompanied by a band of music, a number of ban-
ners (among which was a tricoloured flag), and a large crowd
of persons. He was loudly cheered. The inscriptions on
his banners were, " Wakefield and Untaxed Knowledge;"
" Wakefield, the People's Friend, and the Enemy of
S'avery ;" "Wakefield, and the Repeal of the Corn Laws ;"
" Walt, field, and the Protector of our Rights ;" " Wake-
field and the B
Before the nomination commenced, the very little ac-
commodation that the Reporters had, by great exertion,
obtained, was taken from them, and they were obliged to
perform their duty, hemmed in and jostled by a crowd of

' persons.
Mr. PALMER, in proposing the Right lion. C. Tenny-
son, said that he felt particularly anxious for the honour
of the borough of Lambeth that he should be patiently
heard. It was not necessary that he should state his
principles ; he had lived in the borough 35 years, and they
were well known.—(Cheers.) The Right Hon. Candi-
date he had to propose had fully justified the character he
had given him when he first introduced him to the notice
of the constituents of Lambeth.—(Cheers.) The line of
conduct the Hon. Gentleman had pursued in Parliament,
clearly showed that he would beat down a corrupt oli-
garchy.—(Loud cheers.) The manner in which he
exposed the systrin of election in East Retford had
immortalized him, for by his means the first wedge
of Reform had been driven, and it became the elec-
tors now to drive it home.—(Loud cheers.) If the
Right Hon. Gentleman was elected, he would do all in his
power to have a cheap Government. Though he (Mr. P.)
was a member of the Church of Englind, he was com-
pelled to confess that there was a great deal in it that
wanted reformation. Mr. Tennyso', he was satisfied,
though he would support the right of the Crown, would
take care of the interests of the people, and see that they
were not trampled on. The lion. Gentleman concluded
by proposing the Right Hon. Charles Tennyson as a fit
Member in Parliament for the borough of Lambeth.
Mr. W. WEsTort, in seconding the nomination, trusted
that they would have men who knew what they were
about, and who would scour out all the corruptions that
previously existed in the House of Commons.—(Loud
laughter, and cries of " Soap," and " Hawes fur ever.')
Mr. HARDY, surgeon, then stood forward to propose
Mr. Hawes, and was received with the most deafening ac-
clamations, which lasted several minutes, accompanied by
cries of " Hawes, Hawes—Wakefield, Wakefield, Wake-
fi 1(1." When silence hid been in some measure obtained,
Mr. Hardy proceeded. He had been au inhabitant
of the borough for more than twenty years, and
he felt confident that Mr. Hawes was just the candidate
the electors would wish to have. The noise here be-

came so universal, added to the dreadfully inconvenient
place in which the reporters were placed, rendered it
utterly impossible to hear a sing!e word further of what
the worthy gentleman said.
Mr. REDHEAD seconded the motion, but we could not
hear one syllable of what was said.
Mr. D. RICHARDSON stood forward to propose Mr.
Moore. (At this moment the cries of "No lawyer
Moore, no Moore," were deafening from all parts.) He
would make himself heard, in spite of all the nuisance,
noise, and disturbance.—(Cries.of " No Moore, there's
enough, the Moore he says the better for u..")
Mr. HAWES endeavoured to obtain a hearing for Mr,
Richardson.
Mr. RICHARDSON said, that if the persons who had
been creating the disturbance thought they were doing
the cause of Mr. Hawcs a service, they were very much
mistaken. He stood before them to propose Mr.
Moore as a fit representative for the borough in
Parliament.—(Hooting and hissing, and cries of
" Off.") Mr. Moore had always supported the rights
and liberties of the people, and was determined to
put the knife well to work. He was convinced
he was a man well deserving the suffrages of the electors
of Lambeth.—(Cries of " We don't think so"—" We will
have no lawyers"—" Off, off, we have had enough of
him.") He trusted the electors would allow him to ex-
plain something personal to himself.—(Cries of " No, no,
we want to hear nothing of you, go and get your fees.")
He was much a'rdid that the cause of Mr. Moore had been

much injured by the report that had gone abroad, that
he (Mr. Richardson) belonged to a political union.
He begged to say be did not; but if he had, he should have
considered himself honoured, rather than disgraced, as one
of the grea•est men in the court. ty—(Mr. Hume) belonged
to one. He concluded by proposing Mr. Moore.—(Hisses.)
Mr. STAFFORD seconded the nomination.

Captain HOLMES proposed Mr. Wakefield. He was
an old Reformer; and though he had only known Mr.
Wakefield a short time, he felt convineed—(Liughter)—
that he was a thorough Reformer, and deserving of the

favour of the electors of Lambeth. He trusted that the
Borough would send such Members into Parliament as
would put an end to that aristocracy which had
deprived the ieople of their just and ancient
rights, and who would consider the Reform Bill only as a
means to an end.—(Loud cheers.) The gallant Captain
was here proceeding to decry the conduct that had been
pursued by Mr. Hawes's Committee, but the hissing and
hooting which resounded from all parts, rendered it im-
possible to hear a word that was said.
Mr. BLAKE was to have seconded the motion, but he
was not present.—(Laughter.)

Mr. TENNYS,IN came forward amidst the most deafen-

ing applause, which lasted for nearly five minutia. On
coming forward as the first candidate who had ever offered
himself to represent Lambeth in Parliament, he could not
refrain from congratulating the electors upon the practical
evidence which the present assembly afforded of the glo-
rious consummation of that rnagnifii ent measure of Re.
form, which had conferred on the electors that noble pri-
vilege which they were now called upon to exercise. As one
of those who his friend Mr. Palmer had stated had laboured in
cawe of Reform, both in and out of Parliament, and long
before Reform was so fashionable, he offered himself before
the electors..—(Cheers ) Unless he believed his political
principles harmonised with those of the electors of Lam-
beth, he should be one of the last who would ask for the

high honour of their Representative.—(Cheers.) He was
a true Reformer—(Cheers)—he was anxious that the
peop'e should be really represented—(Cheers)—that
their opidions, the opinions of every class in the
community should be heard in the House of Commons—
(Cheers). It would not become the electors of Lambeth

to send any man to Parliament in whom they thought
they could not confide.—(Loud cheers). The glorious

privilege which had been given to the electors was not con-
ferred for the purpose of merely electing persons to repre-
sent yourselves in Parliament; the laws that might be
made there would not only affect the lives:and properties of
the electors of Lambeth, but that of 19 millions of s.,uls,
to whom the elective franchise has not been
(Cheers.) The trust that had been reposed in the hands
of the electors was a most sacred one, and they were
bound to look carefully into the professions of those who
wished to represent them. He now stood before the elec-
tors upon his trial ; and as a proof of his fitness, he
would refer to his past political life, of which he might
be allowed to say he was proud. He cha lenged an exit-

urination of it.—(Cheer..) But it was not aulficient that
the electors should look into his first conduct, it was not
fit that they should know his future views. Those views
he had often declared. lie was a friend to the Constitution
of England—(Cheers)—by that the did not mean that
constitution, the departure of which the Tories were mourn-
ing in sackcloth and ashes.—(Cheers and laughter.)
Nor did he mean that consiitution which was sup.
ported by that old Church-and-King cry which the
Tories were hoarse with pledging—(Loud cheers)—
but .he meant that Constitution at whose head was a free
King—(Tremendous cheering)—not the mere puppet of
an oligarchy—(Loud cheering)—but a King free to act.
Such a King had not been on the throne in their time.—
( Hear.) A Peerage restrained to the discharge of their
constitutional duties—(Cheers)—and not permitted to
invade or desert the sacred rights of the people.—(ll,,ar.)

To secure such a constitution, it was necessary to take
care that the people were truly represented. A great step
had been taken in obtaining the Reform Bill, but that

~ ~ - ~'i

\

measure had not yet done its work ; it was not complete.
—( Cheers.) By that lie did not mean to impute blame
to his Majesty or his Ministers.—(Cheers.) They had
done more than any hand of patriots had ever done at one
blow in this or any other country. Ministers had been
placed in great difficulties, and it was wonderful they had
accomplished so much.—(Cheers ) He (Mr. T. ) did
not think the franchise sufficiently extensive in point
of numbers, or ample in principle.—(Cheers.) He was
of opinion also that the representative and constituent
had not a sufficiently rapid reckoning.—(Cheers.) In his
opinion they ought to be brought more together.—
(Cheers ) For what man would be fool enough, if he was
to appoint a steward for his estate, to give him leave to do
what he phased for seven years.—(Tremendous cheering.)
lie had three remedies for this. The first was a greater
extension of the household franchise—(Loud cheers)
the next, triennial Parliaments—(Tremendous cheers)
and the third, vote by ballot.—(Loud and long continued
cheering.) Some might think he went too far, ethers
that he did not go far enough ; but if there was any one
present who did not love the constitution, he hoped they
would live long enough to bless with him the benefits that
would be derived under a Reformed Parliament.—
(Loud cheers.) If any peg-son wished to ask him any
particular questions, he was there prepared to give
a frank and manly answer to all of them.—(Loud cheer-
ing.) A list of questions was here put into the Right
Hon. Gentleman's hands, which he stated would take him
several hours to answer. One question was, whether he
would support his Majesty's Government? To that he
would answer that he was not sent there for the purpose
of supporting any Government ; he only went into the
House to take care of the rights and liberties of the electors
of Lambeth.—(Loud cheering.) He believed Mi-
nisters were animated with the most ardent desire
to extend the liberties of the country. They
had had unparallelled difficulties to contend with, and it
was really surprising that they bad accomplished so much.
In the next Parliament, there might be many points in
which he should feel obliged to differ from Ministers ; but
when he thought they were acting rightly, they should
have his warmest support, but when wrong, his decided op-
position.—(Cheering.) If the electors of Lambeth con-
ferred on bin the great distinction of being one of
their representatives, he would promise them that
lie would always be the faithful and watchful guar-
dian of the rights of the public, and the diligent,
active, and faithful representative of the people.—(The
Right Hon. Gentleman concluded amidst loud cheering,
which lasted for several minutes.)
Mr. HawEs was received with great applause. He
bad stated elsewhere, and he would state now, that he was
an unflinching Reformer.—(Groans and hisses.) His
every thought was bound up in the interests of the bo-
rough of Lambeth, and he thought, therefore, that he had
some grounds on which to place his pretensions to the
honour of representing the electors of that borough in
Pailiament.—(Cheers, hisses, and groans.) He per-
fectly well knew, when he emerged from pri-
vate life, what he had to expect ; hut be stood on that
platform that day, after all that had been said of him,
ready to meet his opponents—to hear and claiming to be
heard.—(Loud cheers.) It never could be said of him
that he had acted otherwise than in the most fair and
honourable manner.—(Loud cheers and hisses.) He
would again repeat that he was an unflinching Re-
former. He was not one of those who would cramp
the operations of the Reform Bill, or destroy the just
expectations of the people, but would endeavour
to defend all those liberties—(Loud cheers)—which had
been given to them by the passing of that great measure.
—(Continued cheering.) He had already stated his sen-

timents on every point necessary for a representative ; hut
he would now repeat them again shortly. He wished to
see the system of taxation amended and improved.—( Hisses
ind cries of " That's good.") He wished to see
every encouragement given to the inditsftious classes.—
(Loud che,rs.) He wished to see education extended in

such a manner as that the borough might obtain its
blessings and advantages.—(Cheers.) He should always
give his decided dissent to all that he thought amiss in the
Government, but he would never thwart, but uphold an
honest Administration in any great and useful measure—
(Loud cheers)—:end would no longer, if he was chosen
the representative of Lambeth, claim that honour when
his views did not agree with those of his constituents.—
(Loud cheers, and cries of " Bravo, bravo.") When he
found that he did not advocate the opinions of the electors
of Lambeth in Parliament he should at once resign. He
.vished to see a searching Reform carried into all the
different departmentS of the Church—(Loud cheering)
an equal distribution of all its revenues—(Loud cheers)--
and he looked anxiously forward to the time when the
unholy gains of Deans, Chapters, and Prebendary stalls
would be distributed among the working Ministers.—
(Tremendous cheering.) He wished to see the same spirit
of Reform carried into the corn laws as in the Church,

for in his opinion it equally, if not more, required the
searching spirit of Reform.—(Loud cheers.) He was op.
posed to tithes, but would support a fair commutation of
tithes.—(Loud cheers.) He would also take the
taxes from the lower classes, ar,d put them
upon real property.—(Cheers.) He would suppo-t all
measures that were calculated to increase the wealth of the
country, by means of which the poor rates would be di-
minished, and the happiness of the country increased; and
he should never be found using the trust reposed in him
in any other manner than for the benefit of the country ;
he would be the last man to apply it to party purposes,
and he would only hold that trust as long as he met with the
approbation of the electors.—(Continued cheering.) With
respect to the Corn Laws, he thought they ought to be re.
pealed, and as low a duty as possible placed on that article-
-(Cries of "No duty, no duty.") lie wished to see

slavery totally extinguished, and whatever measure were
brought forward to effect that purpose, would meet with
his most hearty support.—(Loud cheering.) It was well
kown that he was favourable to the repeal of the Assessed
Taxes.—(Loud Cheering.) With respect to the Bal lot
—(Cries of " that's tha point")—he had all along stated
that he had no argument to urge against—(Hisses)—but
he considered that it was more a question that concerned
the nlectors than the candidate or representative.—(Cries
of " Come, come, let us have none of your ifs
and buts.") He thought it was the duty of
the people to try the effect of the Reform
Bill as it existed at present, before any attempt was made
at alteration.—(" No, no, that won't do.) As yet, in his
opinion, nothing further should be asked of Ministers who
had done a great deal already.—(Cries of " No, no, go
along with you.") He was of opinion, ho%veverr, that
the Reform Bill ought to have given the right of voting
independent of the payment of taxes, as simple household-
log, in his opinion, being quite sufficient to constitute
that right.—(Cheers.) The worthy Gentleman, in con-
clusion, would assure the electors that if they placed him
on the proud eminence of one of the representatives, every
exertion of his public life should be for the good of his
constituents, and the honour and prosperity of the inhabi-
tants of Lambeth, and the country at larger—(Cheers.)
Mr. MOORE came forward amid some applause and loud
hisses. He had offered himself as a candidate to represent
the Borough in Parliament, feeling well assured that having
through a long life advocated the principles of equality, he would
entitle himself to the approbation of the electors.—(Cries of
" Oh, oh I equalify I I you are giving us a specimen of Tom
Paine.") It was not his intention to enter into any circum-
locution.—(Cries of ‘' Well, that will do ; iawyers know enough
of circumlocution ;" and laughter, which lasted some minutes.)
He was a determined advobate for the ballot—he was a tho-
rough Reformer in every sense of the word.—(Cries of " You
advocate for the press and the diffusion of knowledge.
also an
have given us enough," " We'll have no more.") He was
—(lt won't do.) Undue influence had been used.—(Hisses.)
He was determined to go on in spite of everything that might
be said against him. Undue influence had been used on the
part of a certain magistrate.—(Name, name). Two tax
collectors had been going about canvassing for a cer-
nperson.—("
alluding particularly to Mr. Hawes
_(Tt
at r
r. Hawes is the only magistrate.—
twon'ts t
da OH', " Name them.") He had not
mentionai
ot
4s M
Trrmendous uproar ensued, so, that it was almost im-
possible
to catch a word). The Hon: Gentleman was a
determined of " Sturge Bourne's Act—of SelectVestries_

and was the firm friend oftriennial Parliaments.—(Cheering.)
He was a determined foe to the corn laws, would vote for the

repeal of them without any protecting duty whatever.—(Cries
of " You will do any thing to get into Parliament.) He
was also a decided enemy to the malt tax, considering that beer
and bread were the essential necessaries of life.—(Cheers, and
cries of "gin and beer," and laughter.) He was an advocate
. _

also for turning the bishops out of the House of Lords—(Cheers.)
He wouhl sell every giver of their property, and compel
clergymen to reside among their Hock.—(Loud uproar,
which drowned the conclusion of the Hon. Gentlemao's

speech.)
Mr. WAKEFIELD came forward amidst loud cheers, and
in an energetic speech reiterated those sentiments which
he had already expressed at severe! public meetings
throughaut• the Borough, during wile he was repeadedly
cheered. He was a decided friend to every species of Reform,
to a repeal of the assessed taxes, the Corn Laws,
Tithes, and all monopolies, and he did not believe
that any man was a real reformer who was not in favour of vote
by ballot and triennial Parliaments.
The Honourable Candidate concluded his speech amidst great
cheering.

The Retumung Officer then put up the names of the candi-
dates. To those of Mr. Tennyson and Mr. ,Wakefield almost
every hand was held up, but to Mr. Hawes and Mr. Moore the
shew was very scanty indeed. The two former gentlemen
were accordingly declared olected. A poll was then demanded
