FRENCH PAPERS.

(From Moniteur of July 8 : official part.)
" Louis-Philippe, King of the French, &c., greeting.
Considering the state of the credits opened by the laws of
the sth of January, 25th of March, 18th of Apra, 1831,
and 21st of April, 1832, creating the extraordinary ways
and means applicable to the use of public expenses,
"4 On the report of our Minister Secretary of State of
Finance,
" 4 We have ordained, and do ordain as follows :
" 4 Art. 1. Our Minister Secretary of State of Finance
is authorized to proceed to the sale by public bidding, and
by means of sealed offers, of a sufficient sum of recites to
produce a capital of 150,000,000. This sale shall be
made in 5 per cent. rentes, bearing inscription from the
22d of March, 1832. It shall be adjudged to the com-
pany who shall offer the highest price for the recites which
ai e to be inscribed, save the reserve of the mininum esta-
blished by the Minister.
" 2. Conformably to article '7 of the law of the 25th
of March, 1831, and to article 12 of the law of the 18th
of April following, the sinking fund shall accrue from the
16th of November next, from a BUM equal to the hundredth
part of the nominal capital of the rentes which shall be
negoti ited in virtue of the article 1 above.
" 3. Our Minister Secretary of State of Finance is
intrusted with the execution of the present ordinance.

" LOUIS-PHILIPPE.

" By the King,
44 The Minister Secretary of State of Finance,
" Made at St. Cloud, July '7, 1832. " LOUIS.

" Announcement of a loan of 150,000,000 in Five
per Cent. Rents, to bear inscription the 22d of -March,
1832.

" The Minister Secretary of State of Finance, in exe-
cution of the Royal ordinance of this day's date, has de-
cided as follows :

" Art. 1. On Wednesday, the Bth of August, 1832,
at noon precisely, the sale and adjudication of the BUM of
Five per Cent. Rentes, destined to produce a capital of
150 000 000 shall he proceeded with at the office of the

Ministry of Finances, on sealed offers, in one lot and to
the highest bidder.
" 2. The Rentes adjudged shall be entitled to inscrip-
tion from the 22d of March, 1832.
"3. The payment of 150,000,000 shall take place at
the periods and in the proportions following :
Francs.
" On the 15th September, 1832 7,500,000
October
November
December
January, 1833 7,500,0(53
February 7,500,000
March
April 10,50 ),000
Slay
June 10,500,000
July
August 10,500,000
September
October
November
December

Total Francs l 5 000
" 4. On the day appointed to receive offers, Mini-
ster of Finance will open the proceedings, by placing on
the table a sealel packet containing a declaration signed
by himself, of the lowest rate which he will consent to the
sale and adjudication of the rentes which are to represent
the 150,000,000 capital. That declaration shall only be
opene l if it happen that none of the offers made come up
to the minimum price fixed upon by the Minister.
" 5. The offers shall be received sealed from the hands
of the bidders, immediately numbered and arranged on the
table to be opened in their presence, without their being
removed, the whole publicly and during the same sitting.
The offers once delivered cannot be withdrawn.

"6. In order to be valid, every offer shill be, Ist, con-

formable to the model A, given hereunder; 2dly, pre-
ceded by a deposit as security provable by the exhibition
of a receipt of the caisse of deposits: and consignments,
conformable to the model B, hereunder, which receipt is
to be given in with the offer. The price offend is to be
positively stated in the sealed tender, in francs and cen-
times, without stipulation of any eventual condition.
"7. The amount to be deposited as security shall not
be under 4,000,000. This sum may be deposited either
' in currency, or inscriptions of 3 per Cent. rentes, calcu-
lated at the rate of 75 francs ; in 4,4 i, and 5 per Cent.
rentes, at par ; in royal bonds, and in liberate I shares of
bridges and canals. Such securities of this description
which may be nominative, or to order, shall be transferred
to the caisse of deposits. The deposits put in as security
by those whose offers have not been accepted, shall be re-
stored within 24 hours after the adjudication.
"8. When all the offers have been put in, the Minister
of Finance will proceed to open them according to the
order of their numbers, and will read each of them aloud.
" 9.The adjudication of the:loan shall he in favour of the
parties who have offered the highest price for the rentes
furnishable by the public treasury, and, in case of invali-
dity, in favour of the bidder next in the order of prices,
under the reserve expressed in Art. 4. The Minister of
Finance will pronounce publicly. He shall be sole judge
of the validity of the offers.
" 10. In the event of two or more offers at the same
price, should the bidders not declare that they associate,
the sale shall be begun over again during the same sitting,
either in public biddings, or in sealed offers, if required by
any of the bidders.

" 11. Within ten days after the adjudication, the par-
ties in favour of whom it has been made shall increase the
deposit of security to fifteen millions. This deposit may
he made up of the kind of securities specified in Art. '7.—
If the deposit be not completed at the expiration of this
delay (ten days), the parties to whom the adjudication has
been made shall lose all right thereto, and forfeit the first
deposit of four millions, which shall become the property
of the treasury by way of indemnity. The deposit of
15,000,000 francs shall not be indispensable, if the par-
ties pay in, within the delay of te❑ days, the two first in-
stalments of the loan. A discount, at the rate of four per
cent. per annum, shall be allowed them for the lapse of
time between the day at which such payment has been
made in anticipation, and that on which the instalments
are due.

" 12. After the payment by the parties adjudged to, of
the two first instalments, there shall be delivered to them
rom the Treasury certificates, according to the model
hereunder. C.

" 13. The guarantee stipulated with the offers, accord-
ing to the model A, shall cease after the payment made of
the two first instalments of the loan, the amount of those
two instalments having to be reserved as ulterior security
by the Public Treasury.
" 14. In case of delay in the payment of an instalment,
the debtor shall be charged with interest for the benefit of
the Treasury at the rate of five per cent. per annum, to be
reckoned from the sth day after that on which the instal-
ment is due, without there being occasion for any other
previous notice. In default of payment of an instalment
due, the whole amount of the certificate shall be required,
and the Minister of Finance shall be at liberty to put it up
to sale on behalf of the Treasury until due value is obtained.

" 15. Every payment made into the central caisseluf the
Treasury, whether at the period due, by anticipation, or
by discount, if it has been authorized, shall be valid only
through the exhibition of a receipt of the central cashier
endorsed at the control, or by a receipt cut out from the
bond (coupon), and also bearing the indorsement (vise)
of the control of the caisse.

" Done at Paris, July 7.
" The Minister Secretary of State of Finance,
" LOUIS."

DUTCH PAPERS.

" BREDA, Jui..L Yiall3sool:dteeiNenVlaearneddlearn from Zealand, by ac-
counts of the Ist instant, that news bad been received there
ethleavtentofTeloedkay,
tbheefoßreeigyiaenssterhdaadyc(uStaotffurtdbaeye)o,mamtunhaiclattpioansst
with the citadel of Antwerp. It is expected (add these
accounts) that this act of hostility will be considered as
calling for reprisals on our part.
" Before we can warrant this news as certains we must
have farther information of it.
: HAGUE, JULY
jcutfLEY,
s.l.t.furTh3e.—KHinigs Majesty the King left
this place to-day for the Loo.
Loo next week, and is said, will sills
;ind view the camps. Prince Frederick with his contort
and daughter are expected from Berlin•
aSlseivpiecekte,danpdiactlie sanatory
at Scheveningen has
" The appearance of the cholera
made no change in the quarantine and measures of pre-
ortryecgtoedtoftrhoemartmhye
co ution hitherto observed. In consequence of the ac-
it is ordered that ships from Cie Elbe
counts that have been received respecting the appearance
cholera(,:tfatteheolanii
ibtalrbgii,
rgh),
from the Holstein canal, and
(including
Toningen), shall be considered as coming from suspected
from the coast between the Eider and the Elbe (including
places,and perform seven day's quarantine.
" Plymout i is
~ At Scheveningen the cholera is of a favourable kind.
The number of cases from the 25th of June to the 6th of
July in the morning, was 49. There had been 4 deaths
and 35 recoveries, so that only 10 remained.

AMSTERDAM, JULY 6.
Actual Debt, tN per cent .. ......... . 421 to 4t2
Aniort Syndic, 4% per cent . ............ 70 to 70%
Ditto, ditto, Y 2 per cent.
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 94,i to 95%
Ditto, ditto, 1832, 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, one month,
Two months l2 10

1

DON PEDRO'S EXPEDITION. •

..1•111)
By the Ebenezer packet, which arrived at A
mouth on Saturday, we learn that the troops en;
posing the expedition against Portugal embarked°4
the 22d ult., and finally -sailed from St. Michse'
on the 27th. We subjoin the addresses of PO/11
Pedro to the Azoreans and to the troops :
" Illustrious inhabitants of the Azores—For upWar4ll
of three mouths have I lived amongst you, full of admit*
tion, and deeply sensible of the great sacrifices you ha)
made, and the adhesion you have manifested to the sac ,
cause of my august daughter. It is now necessary that
leave yeu ; and that at the head of the brave men veli;
surround me I go to destroy the foul usurpation, and rf:
store to her throne Senhora Donna Maria 11., and btisl,
ably fix the empire of the law, by re-establishing tisli
Chatter, under whose protection the Portuguese natid.
shall once more enjoy union, tranquillity, and justice, °I
which barbarity, cruelty, and despotic rule have so loPl.
deprived it.
" I leave you, faithful islanders, but I carry with mei
lively remembrance of your fidelity and patriotism.
carry with me the important knowledge of the fruitfulneic
of your soil, and of the high character and industriodr
habits of the inhabitants ; and if, even here, in the mid
of difficulties which still surround the Government of led
Most Faithful Majesty, I have been able to provide, as NI
as circumstances permitted, for your necessities, confide its
me that as soon as our institutions shall be put in actieo
the Government will consider it one of its most nacre'
'duties to extend its protection in a particular manner to"
wards you, and to give the fullest benefits to islands so fer
tile and to the inhabitants who are so useful and labarioaa
" Brave Azoreans, if a glorious attempt separate me or
day from you, I carry with me a certainty that your 101 l
fur the cause of justice, for which you have made sue),
sacrific,s, and your adhesion to the new institutions, di
whose effects you have already began to feel the benefiga•
will preserve flee from harm, and worthy of the gtory tl
has acquired, this noble Archipelago, the classic land d
Portuguese loyalty, the illustrious cradle of the regenerr
lion of its parent land.
" Don PEDRO, Duke of Braganzs."

" Soldiers—Your afflicted country calla for you ; io
recompense of your fatigues, of your sufferings, and
your loyalty, it offers you rest, gratitude, and acknotv'l
lodgment.
" Full of confidence in the visible protection of the God
of Armies, let us march, soldiers, to complete the enter,
prise we have so honourably projected. The fame d
your incomparable valour—of your distinguished peso')
verance—go before you; the decided love which we
consecrate to our Queen Donna Maria 11. accompanies 06:
as well as the enthusiasm we have for the Constitution.'
Charter—the wishes of the agonized Portuguese nation
follow us—Europe anxiously awaits the decision of the
contest between fidelity and perjury—between justice and
despotisam—,,etween liberty and slavery—finally, soldiers,
glory calls upon us to save our honour.
" Let us go—let us embark, shouting vivas for the
Queen and the Charter, the palladiums of Portuguese
liberty.

“ Don PEDRO, Duke of Braganza.”
The follo►ving is an extract of a letter ►vritten at
sea three days after the departure of the fleet fool
St. Michael's :

" Lat 30 deg. 30 min. N. long. 21 deg. 30 min. W.

June 30.

The squadron with the convoy, having the liberating
army on board, took its final departure from St. Michael's
on the morning of the 27th instant. This is our third
day at sea, with a fine fair wind, which, if we are fortunate
enough to keep, will carry us to Lusitania's shores in ail
days ; but this, sanguine as we all are, is more than we
can expect at this season, when calms are so prevalent;
for my own part, if we make land by the 15th, I shad
consider we have been lucky. The die is at length east ;
humanity, I hope, will not be disappointed in the throws
All is enthusiasm, and the appearance of the Stag British
frigate from Lisbon, on the very day of our departure/
was a cheering sight. She bas been in company with us
these three days, and has this moment made all sail to join
the squadron off the Tagus, and announce our approach to
the British Admiral, that he may meet us at the point of
our landing, which will not he the Tagus.
" Yesterday being a calm day, the Emperor, and Sir
Thomas Troubridge, who commands the Stag, dined with
the Admiral, after which his Majesty visited the /Rat
and was saluted with twenty-one guns, both on going on
board and on quitting her.

"We are in all fifty vessels. Don Pedro, with his
Ministers add Staff, are on board the En aline, a ship
fitted expressly for him.

" I have many anecdotes to give you, showing the noble
spirit that animates the army and pervades all ranks ; if 1
have time on the passage you shall have them by our nest
packet ; at present I can only give you this brief statement
of our departure.
" We carry with us the good wishes and sympathy 01
the enlightened of all Europe. Our aim will be to merit
their applause."

Don Pedro has rendered himself extremely popular with
the soldiers and sailors of the expedition—and not less so,
it appears, with the inhabitants of the Azores. A Ow'
nica, printed at Ponta Delgado, contains a number of de'
crees which prove the interest the Emperor took in the
prosperity of the Azores, and afford a favourable augury Of
the measures which may be expected from him on his
arrival in Portugal. The following is a copy of the Pro'
clatnation he intends to issue on his landing:—
