CLARE ELECTION.

The SPEAKER stated that he had this day re-
ceived, through the office of the Clerk of the Hula-
per for Ireland, a'petition from Sir H.D. Massey,
Bart. mid T. Mahon, against the election of Daniel
O'Connell, Esq., stating that the said Daniel
O'Connell, was disqualified, and even if he were
not disqualified, praying that the Right Hon. W.
Vesey Fitzgerald should be declared the Sitting
Member.

The petition was ordered to be taken into con-
sideration on Thursday, the 21st of August.
Mr. F. LEWES brought up the Report of the
Committee on the Canadas.
FRENCH CLAIMS.

Mr. C. GRANT said, that for obvious reasons
which it was unneeessary to mention, he would post-
pone the presentation of two petitions, which stood on
the paper for this evening, until Friday next.
Sir ALEXANDER GRANT suggested that
the lion. Gentleman should postpone his' motion
until Saturday, to which Mr. Grant acceded.
Sir EDWARD HYDE EAST presented a peti-.
tion from Bury St. Edmund's, for the abolition of
slavery,
Mr. WARBURTON brought up the report of
the Committee on Anatomy.
Mr. HORACE TWISS brought up some Re-
turns concerning the Slave population pursuant to
address.

Mr. CALVERT presented a petition from the
High Bailiff of Soutwork, stating that the recog-
nizances of persons who compromised assaults were
estreated through ignorance, and that they were
afterwards arrested. The Non. Member said, that
he believed it was an ommission in the Bill brought
in by the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Peel) which
might easily be rectified.
Mr. 0. CAVE moved for amended Returns from
the Borough of Leicester, required the objects to be
specified for which the several sums were paid, and
also the number of prisoners confined in the Borough
Gaol from 1810 to 1828.

Mr. M'LEOD moved for a return of the quantity
of Kelp into various ports of England from 1817 to
to 1827 inclusive.—Ordered.
A Message was brought up from the Lords, stat-
ing that their Lordships had agreed to the Military
and Naval Pensions' Bill, the Customs Bill, and
some others.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQ UER, the Lords' Amendments were
agreed to in the Savings Banks Bill, the Promissory
Notes Bill, and the New South Wales Bill.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER the Sugar Warehouse Refining
Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. Secretary PEEL moved that the House at
its rising should adjourn till Friday next—Agreed to.
Mr. Secretary PEEL presented a petition from
the Magistrates of Wigan, against the payment of
wages otherwise than in money. Also a petition
from the Silk throwsters of Manchester against any
alteration of the Duty upon Thrown Silk. Also a
petition from Biddulph in favour of the Small Debts
Bill.
Mr. HOBHOUSE gave notice of a motion rela-
tive to Select Vestries, for next Session.
Mr. W. HORTON postponed his motion rela-
tive to the slave trade until Friday next.
Mr. RICE brouAlit in a Bill relative to Eccle-
siastical Corporations in Ireland, which was read a
first time, ordered to be read a second time this
day three months, and ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned at twenty minutes
past Four o'Clock.
