EVENING EDITION.

logy be had adopted, lie had stated that such and such things had
been thi case, because he considered that many of the statements
were liable to inspection, and it was only by the investigation of
the cases in the island itself, by persons who understood the lan.
guage and communicated with them, that the tru h was to be
ascertained.. Another remark that might also be made was this,
that even assuming the correctness of all the circumstances stated
in the Parliamentary papers, it followed that the slavery which
existed in Ceylon was of a comparatively mild character.—(Cheers.)
Now, what did they desire more ? Why, if the slavery that
existed there was of so mild a character, the facilities were far
greater for effecting the complete emancipation of the slaves.
Mr. ALEXANDER wished to know what was the state of the
slave population in Ceylon, as compared with the floe population
there ?

Professor ADAMS said that the slave population was about 30,000,
including the maritime and central part, while the free population
of the province fell little short of one million.
On the motion of Mr. TURNBULL, the paper of Professor Adams
was referred to the Committee of the British and Foreign Anti
Slavery Society.

Mr. WILLIAM MORGAN, one of the Secretaries, said, a paper had
been communicated to them by a gentleman holding a high official
situation in Ceylon, which he would now read to them.
The CUAIIIMAN doubted whether they ought to receive any papers
unless they were duly authenticated.

Mr. FULLER had no notion ofcoming 3,000 miles to hear anony-
mous letters and communications read. He objected to it.
Mr. MORGAN said it was a document coming from himself.
The paper was then read by Mr. Morgan.
Mr. TURNBULL then moved that the documents on Ceylon be re.
ferred to the Committee for their consideration.—Carried.
Mr. CARLYLE, on behalf of the Committee to whom Mr. Mur-
ray's paper was referred, reported that they had examined the
paper, which was on the subject of the application of the principle
of international law for the putting down of slavery, and they re-
commended that it be taken into the earliest and most serious con.
sideration of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society.
The Report was adopted.

Mr. PRICE, of Leeds, said, a resolution had been put into his
hands, from which he inferred that the Convention was drawing
near its close. He had throughout felt the deepest interest in its pro.
ceedings, and he hoped and trusted that it would materially contribute
to the advancement of the objects for which it had been convened.
He had felt very great pleasure in meeting there so many persons from
the other side of the Atlantic, whom he had never seen Wore:, and
whom, perhaps, he might never see again ; but be had no doubt
they would remember each other in their prayers. Recollecting
that it had been decided to abolish the use of force for the pro.
motion of the objects they had in view, and that their reliance was
entirely upon divine guidance, he felt confident that therein was
their greatest and best strength, and that they might submit the
care of their cause to Divine Providence.— (Hear, hear.) In look-
it appeared to him wise in the Cornets.
itniognftesorwecoirdasidtoertwhe future
het
herit should, before its separation, conclude
to meet again.—(Hear, hear.) That was the object of the resolu.
tion which he had now to submit to them. In considering the
question, it appeared to him that in a Convention of nations, corn.
prising representatives from so many different parts of the world,
subject as they were to the vicissitudes of life, they little knew
what the future would bring forth, and he thonght these would be
no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that they should agree to
meet again. It was, in his opinion, wise to leave it to the Anti.
Slavery Society of London to make the final arrangements as to the
time and place of the next meeting, and that was the main purport
of his resolution. [Mr. Price then read . the resolution.]
In taking leave of their friends, particularly those from America,
there were various suggestions which would present themselves,
from the proceedings in which they had taken part, and which he
doubted not would lead to the most beneficial results in promoting
the success of their cause on the other side of the Atlantic. He was
anxious that they should impress upon their American brethren of
all religious persuasions the necessity of a general cooperation in the
promotion of these objects.—(Hear, hear.) His object was, aud be
trusted it would be the object of their American friends, to unite
Christians of all denominations in a common bond for the abolition
of slavery.—(Hear, hear.)

The Rev. JOHN KCEP, Ohio, had great pleasure in seconding the
resolution. He entered fully into the feelings which suggested the
plan of co-operation among all the abolitionists on both sides of the
Atlantic. He believed the present meeting was calculated to effect
great good, and he had no doubt that its proceedings :would
produce a powerful effect in promoting the cause they were
all engaged in. There was little doubt that another meeting would soon
be callcd for, the interests involved in it being of great importance.
Their minds could not take in the magnitude of the objects of the
present Society. lie would not indulge in too fond anticipations,
nor would he trespass on the time of the meeting by indulging in
his own feelings and anticipations, but he believed he echoed the
feelings of all his Christian brethren when he expressed a hope
that they might all speedily meet again, if not to congratulate each
other upon the achievement of their objects, at least upon the vast
progress that cause bad made.—(Hear.) As au American citizen,
perhaps he might be all ed to say a few words on the state of the
question there.--lieer.) They had the American Government.
the American Ministry, and the American Church against them,
but their cause was rapidly making way.—(Heard The state of
society in the United States showed them how deep, how forbidding
and how appalling were the horrors of the American slave system ;
and how, 1:e would ask, was it possible for a few philanthropists to
go forward to the consummation of the work, unless they were
assisted and encouraged by the blessing of God and their fellow..
philanthropists on the other side of the Atlantic He trusted
the position of that slave-accursed country would oc-
cupy still more of the attention of the Convention;
that they would lay under every thing like prejudice, or thet was
calculated to keep back British influence, British prayeri, and,
if need be, British money, to sustain the anti-slavery operatioilS there.
—(Hear, hear.) He believed, that after the present meeting, there
would be more prayers in the Churches en both sides of the At-
lantic for the success of their cause. Feelifig the liveliest grati-
tude to the persons who composed the present assembly, for the
deep interest they had taken in the question, he would conclude by
expressing a hope that, if it was not permitted them to meet again
on earth, they might al meet its the kingdom of their Lord and
Saviour Jesus Christ in another world.—(flear.)
The Rev. IL GREER said, before the resolution -Was 'put, he
wished to call their attention to the point of whether the 'United
States would not be the fittest place for the next meeting of the
Convention.—(Hear, lie hoped that subject won d have
the calm and deliberate attention of the meeting. Ile would
suggest, therefore, that his American brethren should retite for a
few minutes, and deliberate upon the question. The bless-
ing of Ditine Providence, he humbly hoped, had been upon their
proceedings, and he trusted that the same power would close them.
Though oceans divided Omer their hearts would still not only be
opened to the cry of the sufferer and the complaint of the op.
pressed, but they would also be lifted up in prayer to God for the
success of their mid. rteking.

The Cu ktam4N Sturge) said there were few persons, unless
these who were intimately acquainted with the gettting up of the
present assembly., who could appreciate the weight and respousi.
bility of the Linde' taking.—(Cheers.) He believed that those who
had taken an active part in the matter could hardly venture,
t hlooemk.
ing forward to the future, to take so much responfibiiityupon
again, Sinless they received some intimation of encouragement from
the Convention ht fore It separated. It was no wish of taking a
prominent part in all proceeding's that induced the London Corn.
mittee to take upon themselves the task, but they did wish
to ascertain be,ire their friends separated whether the arrange.
ments th::t had taken place were such as to entitle them
to encouragement for the future, if they ever looked forward to
such a meeting.—( Hear, hear.) If their American friends
thought it best to retire, he had nothing to say to it ; but he
beggel to call their attention before they did so to one point, and
that was regarding the time of the nest meeting. It had been said
that a year would be too soon, and three years ton remote a period,
and many were of opinion that two years front the present time
could be most advisable.

Mr. FULLER very much questioned the propriety of retiring.
They were all there without distinction of country. He was
not there as an American.—(Hear, hear.) He stood there as a
Christian on the platform of humanity, and would not go out
with the Americans.—(Hear, hear.) Let them have every thirst
doze in the open face of day.—(Hear.)

The Rev. Mr. Gsoorsoa wished the American Delegates should
have an oppLitunity of consulting together.

The Rev. Mr. COLVER was opposed to the American Delegates
retiring. While he approved of the resolution, he begged to say
that rrespondence would be opened with the
American Delegates as would lead them to the best and
heir
and other
such a c
most satisfactory results to all parties ; and on that understanding
he had no objection to leave the matter in the hands of the London
Society. He had the utmost confidence in the arrangement*
of the Society in London, and he had strong hopes that before two
years had elapsed they would have the pleasure of welcoming the
Delegates to their own country a Convention like the present.
Such an event would gladden and cheer his heart.—(Hear, hear.)
He should not feel that he had done right if he went away without
adding a word or two. If anything had escaped him which might
have even remotely added to the labours of the Committee, he
sincerely regretted it. When they went back to the land of
laverv, the proceedings of the Convention would meet them there,
and they would be canvassed in the Slarcholder and the Slave.
holders' Apologi.st ; but they had nothing to shrink from, and he
would give the Convention this pledge, that he would remember
them when he came before that throne where God heard prayers.—
(Hear, hear.) The Americans would need the prayers and need
the sustaining hand of their brethren on that side of the Atlantic;
and whether they met in another Convention or not, whether they
were to assemble again in America or in England, he felt assured
that there was a great Convention to which he and all of them
were hastening. There they would meet the slave-holder, and
he prayed that he might not have it to say, "You did not do
what you could to relieve me from the infatuation under which I
laboured, and to enable me to wash oft' the guilt which has now
clothed me with eternal woe."—(Hear, hear.) There they would
meet, also, the poor slave without his chains, and may .God for.
bid that the poor save would have to say, " Sir, yott did not do what
you could to take my fetters off in the other world, "—(Hoar.)
There, also, they would meet those who had aided in the cause of
slavery, and he trusted that it would not be found that any of
them had been turned aside front the path of duty and of hums..
nity.—( Loud cheers.) When he thought of the many thousands
slaves in his own country who were groaning under the la.h, his
heart was appalled, and he lay awake in the watches of the night,
In conclusion, he would call upon them not to desist from thelt
abours, not to lay sh..wn their bones in the dust until every slave
throughout the world was emancipated.—(Cheers.
The Rev. Mr. GALUSIIA was prepared to move ass snendmefie.
He could not abandon the hope that the Convention would one
day sit in America, but he did not think it would be proper to
fetter the Committee in any way. It would be better that the
whole question should be left in their hands. He would move,
not as an amendment, but as an addition, to that effect.
Mr. GROSVENOR seconded the motion.
Colonel Mims!' had no objection to either the original motion
or the proposed addition. He came there at the call of the British
and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, and had, he trusted, spoken and
acted as an independent man.—(llear, hear.) He now felt coeS-
dent in the prosperity of the abolition principles, and they
would be worked out into full effect by means of the
Gospel of Jesus Christ. As an American, he wished CO
have a Convention upon their own shores, and he could
promise that the friends of the negro would receive as hearty
a wel-
coulees the Americans had done in London. He pledged himself,
and he cou'd speak for thousands in his own country, that so long as
health and life were vouchsafed to him and them, they would devote
themselves to the cause of abolition until every stave was set free.
Mr. PHILIPS said whenever and wherever such a body met again,
they, at all events, ought to be left to form their own constitution ;
they ought to be allowed to form the details oftheir own:plan of meet-
ing, and be able to admit as delegates whom they pleased. He did
not see why they should always sit in England.
After a long and desultory conversation.
The Rev. Mr. CARLYLS moved as an amendment, "That it should
be left to the discretion of the Committee of the British and Foreign
Anti-slavery Society
' ofLondon to decide, after consulting with the
her Convention," which being seconded, was carried
holding allot
all the business had been gone through which
friends of abolition in other countries, upon the time and place of
unanimously.
Cretary's list. Some gentlemen, however, had
which they would then offer to the meeting.
then rose to enter his protest, and that cif
eiSrPindieCan brethren, against certain parts of the pro.
c sevenphe
e dra del
tgedir.: f:S'V'ochrfAein:LtPl:l:lleHstilliCtneLsionvention. After detailing the list of grievimees
it went on to complain of partiality on the part of the Chairman.
The latter clause was met with a loud and general cry of .• No
no." He complained that upon many occasions they had not been
allowed to discuss matters in a manner sufficiently full, lie
moved that the protest be entered upon the records of the
Convention.

Several of the members of the Convention hoped the latter
clause would 41C withdrawn. This was refused. It was thea
moved, as an amendment, that the protest be received, and Ile
upon the table, which was carried by a large majority.
Mr. G. THONIPSON then rose to move a vote of thanks and grati-
tuda to their venerable President. He would have liked to have
made some observations upon so interesting a topic, but the time
was then so late, that he would content himself with simply 18Y11/1
the resolution before the Convention.
Mr. W. Pinups beggrd leave to second the motion. The name
of Clarkson raised strong and powerful emotions in the

EVENING EDITION.

breasts of thousands of his fellow-countrymen across the Atlantic,
and he was pleaKA that the last tones of his voice were heard
in that assembly, expressing his gratitude to that great and good

Scan.
The motion was carried by every Member rising up, and with-
out any acclamation.
Upon the motion of Dr. PRICE, seconded by the Elev. Mr.
Clst.ustst, the thanks of th 4 meeting were voted to the five Vice-
PresidentQfor the able manner in which they hat conducted the
procoodings of the Convention.
Mr. JOREPII STI:Ree most feelingly returned thanks.
Thanks were lien voted to the secretaries, the Press Committee,
; after which
Mr. WOODWA,,RD read a resolution of thanks and gratitude to the
Almighty for permitting the assembly The members then re.
znainod a short time in mental prayer, and the Convention was
dissolved.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE

DOWNING-STREET, Ju 20, 184).
The Queen has been graciously pleased to nominate and ap-
point Lieut.-General the Right Hon. Sir F. Adam, Lieut.-
General Sir B. D'Urban, and Lieut.-General Sir A. F. Bar-
nard, Knights Commanders of the Most Honourable Military
Order of the Bath, to be Knights Grand Cross of the said
Order.

WHITEHALL, JUNE 18.

The Lord Chancellor has appointed E. W. Hazel, of Oxford,
in the eounty of. Oxford, Gent., to be a Master Extraordinary
in the High Court of Chancery.

Soaaruissien signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Gloueester, and of the City and County of the City of Glou-
cester, and of the City and County of the City of Bristol.
Gloueestershire Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry—T. Hol-
reyd, Esq., to be Captaia, vice Worrall, deceased, June 9.

The following places have been duly registered fer solemniz-
ing marriages therein, pursuant to the Act of the 6th and 7th
William IV., chap. Ss:
Chapel of the Holy Trinity, Sutton Coldfield, Warwickshire.
Bethesda Chapel, Runcorn, Cheshire.
