PI RACY.

The Doily Carpiler, ins Ant,rican
Itiollniooff, in V;egiiiiit, reintes, tinder
rlate_pf.Jiine 24, the, CrllowinLv, ettrions rite of
piracy, fur the .securacy ut which' it. pl;:tlget;
itself •
John S:,ltlitc'hell, alit! wi!llam I-Etchings, telf.cl•rs of the
schooner itomp„ of E•;leiro,re, were apprehreedett ;lie re-
" (plot ,:•f It.,hert G. !colt. Esq. ci,inneont•.••. !eh's orio.y its
the county of York, by a warrant a eiderglee hated. 44 theem4.
Crin:n, Kobert tiitilunis, and Te,o,e•as Archer, Jost tevs of the
I).jace in the saisl county, neuter a eluerl„,e of pin.ey. The
Justices, after weighing ilea evidence, r,erneuitred tiro acceesg4
to the gaol esf the eteuuty. The vessel, lying iee the Severn
river, has hem seized by
,the colh4ror.ol. the port of York,
and mounts six I a-pounders, with a crew of 58 men.
On the•l9th an application was Addresseihtpi 311dae Tacker
for 4 writ of habeas corkins, which awarded : and this.dati
.(says-the—letter ilsrl he has been:engaged' 1060 'tied
hours in bite/ling. tea t testimony. On the moct.olorniftg
.Tudge 'ruel,er wat eiPetited to Irmo-once his opinion.
The evidepee Jays (,pcn .is etwi,tis tsud vonolicuteltscene.
The Itoeup sailed linen Baltimore early in April last, Ruder
the eionmand'of Captain -Fide, elvtieed 'from the 'Met '
of Baltimore, hound to Buenos Ayres, in South America. •
'After getting id' sea site pro ceded to' tine latitudti if Cadiz.
Whele ou her voyage. out she visie ect several ves4els rations
deScriptions—'-Span:iirds, Porttnruese, English, :Swedes, and
Ainericons, ..Her depredations were most certainly not
criene.nite; for she twill nothing- (slim env other vessels than
those of the Spaniartiat. from them they have taken' by force. a
sans in speck!, also watches, plate, •&c. &c.
They allege, in. jtistitication.of these transactiont,, a com-
mission hearing date on the out of November, .1815,, under
the hands of the' Government of Buenos Ayres : the vessel
herself had cleared out in April it l lowi b
u g ,
yas t anealu America,n,
I
articles.tiierel* i
nte:an,, as, is sutliciently:attested -
Some irregularities bad taken place in the ves%cl, for in the
neight„uirilood or the Uenary !think her Mew-lia,l watittied,
asisumed the command, and sent licr original Captain, Fish,in
an Engli‘ih ressol hOurid to Martinique.

Mitchell had gone out as a prie-master, and Hitchiugs as
sailing-master.
,Tlre erw. were enrepased'ararious,descriptians of persons
--:palish, English, Swedes, and Americans,
liree of the'crew are now at Williamsburg as witnesses',
and also committed as Ilitutinceri on Imard.tlie schooner.
The tare being now before the constituted tribunals of the
country, it would he .41proper to pass any.ripittion on the me.i
tits of the trans.i.:tion. The question is in very
and competent !hinds.% who-is to pronounce on
the writ of flab J.,. 06rpit.c, lies winlitestioimbly every disposi,
.tion to do ju. i.:e on all sides--to the rights of the spattith
N4;ioni with moo we ore. tthis time in a state of peai-e2.ta
the dignity the ,k dove rninerit, and to the preten-
sions of the eecuseO.. His ability uo one will dispute. •••

frie,lilition to the ahtive partleidars (say. 'the
Thtfo/fc //etatd) a Mr..l,l‘.ltson, late of the above-
sCsaotter, reports the fohowiDe,
COP? OP INSTRUC-110:4A TO, 8. FL K., 01:1:N1mq/lit
OF THE PIIIVAT,;Y:t 5( NOON i‘ SANTAPP.CrNo

" 51144420 wilt prof.AEd with the. ac) 000cr .Nantafeeo in
on a cruite oil' log it your b•i:tinrws to avoid
lug all moo of war; et...e. of,falitt in with 2 hrge
giotu-
tity of money, 100 Win tit urn itimediAtely oil tilt' coot,
and send up to die ,igrtit' or a per..n to reedve it, anti re.'
turn immediately on your erutre, tixon fail in with any 144-
vessel that may become a prize, you will het p tier with
you in ordet to pot valutthle,eargoeta tat oo.irtl of 'hi. 1114 t you:
may fiud'ia giving the prison, :4 the dull--
fading vessels, land disp.;tdintg the .faster to the !iv, tiv tit
Plata, or to Port `au Priam, to the agent there, in ca t of tilts
cargo answering better thole than the Itteer,de la'Plitta,
tering all tile ot!irks of hales or eargo,heing /are to keep all
specie 'Jewellery, or any thing ‘`ery valtiable;uft boaid
privatter,:t• y.• '

. . „
" in case the Portuguese should march a4ainst lineaus
Ayres to 4ctsbottitely, 'yea are at liberty. to .tic: the sinie,'mul •
tend your prizes into Buenos Ayres in ease.of no blockade;
but if lilockadedi. Black Rivfe on' the roast of Patagon and'
from thence send' a dispatch over land to Buenas Ayres, to
the age,itt there, Should the isUnd ' Of, St.'lltiiktretfit
epess,•you may send, in some. prizes tbtnj, !acing ,Weful
seal up all papers found on hoard prizes, taking declarations
Lt captains, narking them declare the ownerfof enemies'. pro-
perty, attested by two or three persous of their own crew,
sealing this up, and sending 'it by the prize-master to the
agent, wherever. it ,may be. You will be careful not to
Meddle or make with any neutral ship of any nation What-
eye'', but here up the supplies :of peovis'intis and.. recruits,
particularly_ rejecting all Spanish and Portuguese recruits
that may offer...
" When repairing to the coast of North Ameriea, giye the ,
Chesapeake or Delaware' the prelcrence, as they are' the points
most safe. Embrace every opportnnity of_ reporting the
Sentereeitto and your Proetterfings 'to . agent Balti-
more. •
" In case of going to the River de to Plata, touch at the
rstaini of Sebastian, on the coast of Mull,' tor information
respecting
,the ,'ever, _
tu
provßlett , you have not !Ibt,mied satis :
m factOry iaforatien from aoraihip. it o sea n. ;hal subject.
When directing.yuur prises to the river, you wilt eatutis_tn r
prize-master not to speck any full-rigged hrig or ship on
the wait of while entering the River tie le
keep the Smith *bore en boards and go into Ensinakta
Baryari.".

FRENCH PAPERS)
tR►BCEIYSD•TIIIS

Nets) 31;0 /2.....-The King of IVirtemberg
arrived on the 24th at Carlsrobe, at seven in the
evening. He went to his Minister's hotel. It is
thought that he will not remain lung there. He
Willies to See the King of 13dvarla and the Grind
Doke of linden.

PAnts, halt 30.—The Conti E3t Assiteg, at
Lyons, at tl)e commencement of next month, will
proceed to the ttial of Rosset, Montain, and other
persons concerned in the riots which took place
itt this city in the month of 'January.
U 'THE EDltOft oio " THE. JOURNAL, in P.ARIS."
" not.know who informed you that
had quitted the Theatre: to marry Mr. Hore,
nephew of the Dutch banker of that name, but 1

requeit you to contradict that, which has no
,foundation but in. the brain of the person who

reported it.

" 1 have the liouour to sulfite yoti,
AMELIA iILONDIN."

10....--oor affairs look very
14141, attd ‘tc uitist augur firontobly of the fu-
ti►re (tom what has already past. 51)h1 has
bought muds cluth and s;lk. The lituilieails have
laken great 'quantities of serges. Lyuns sends

out every Lhay new, articles. We have executed a
great number of orders for ready money. The
lutes of \relay are much soufii►t after, and main-,
tai►► a good I►ricu, . Calicoes were in such aim-
&ince, that at first they were e*pecte►l to fall
but a great deni has been sent off to Italy. We
Inn, reckon at $OO millions the whale of what
hes been sold at our fair. It is the average of
gao►d years.

STUTTOMM, JULY 23.—The Prince Royal set

of for Switzerland, with the Duchess

Catherine ot Russia, his site, although this
r Princess la far advanced in , pregnancy. Before
his departure, his-Highness received a visit from
the Queeo of Bavaria, who ►vas at Baden.
Tire States have scut to the King several Ad-
dressts, which excite the attention of the public.

One of them opposes an extraordiruiry levy of 900
men ordered by the King. They pretend that
. this measure is too burdensome to the people,
tvhocipeeted that 'the actual military force, already
exceeding what ought to exist, according to the
strength of the kingdom, would be diminished.
in the second address the States complain of

the new orgattizittioti of the departments of tt►e
luttrior, and of the finances executed NVilhout the
agreement of the Provincial States.
The third athltuss, preseitto tt mournful picture

of the actual situation of the kingdom G and peti-
tious the pug toPrippoint an extraardinaty CUM..
to which shall be added tome Members
of the States, charged wills advting the most
'vroper measures Rn ameliorating the situation of
the majority Of the inhabit:llllsof the kingdom.
We cannot even guess hoe/ these disenssions
tetruiume.

111.01 r, Jot.y t3.--Thep speak, of very import.
tittiarations ielaiive to the affairs of the inte.
tior of Germany, which were made by the
-Ministers at Frankfort. .

, ANTWERP, JVLY 24.--011 the Bth current, at,
eleven at night, at turn of tides, some svatermen
prepared for their departure, and some of the boats
had cvet► llfriatC/I sail, When the post at the gate Of
iiierhuold commanded them to stop. Some of
the %tetermen not wishing to lose the tide, that
they might not be delayed 12 hours, sailed away,
saying they were going to anchor. The sentinel
then fired at them several times. A man armed
with a horse pistol then ran out anti said to the
erjeatit commanding the post, that it was a mis-
take, and that he should not file upon the boats
inrrtished With er cartel by the Sea Bailiff; but
he received for answer, " Cartel or not cartel,
it is the same to me i" and the firing was con-
tinued till the bouts were out of reach. Again
tbe flay before yesterday a shallop with five or
tiK niers artived, and they were permitted to
laud, but they mere sent to the Veerthstu, where
they were, at hall-past eleven, waiting the result
of the Report that' tiro Sedeant of the Post hat)
'retie with regard to them,. During this inters/at
a Captain wishing to return to his ship la iris
shallop, which put off from the ship, but he was
tyWiged to countermand it upon a menace' that they
would not stiffer it to approach. The Captain
retired' to obtain permission for him to go on board.
We ere ignorant by virtue of what orders such
things are (look; we cannot think it can be from
Government, nor from the higher Authorities,
who protect commerce anti navigation, but rather
ftont some abuse to' which we wish to call the at-

tcntion of the competent Authorities.
rtazasanucm, JULY 2.—The house that the
Jesuits occupied here bas been converted into a
Charitable Institution.

WkasAwl JuLA. S.—The hail has caused great

havoc, not only in ale environs of b(lt
alio in other parts of the kingdom. • At Cracow
hail-stones of the site of a lion:s vgk NIT!.
The, contittual, rains have
,eattird to
oyeiflors and oceatiOn great inundatintli• . .

It is said that the Broperor ►will set-out neat
month from Yeteisburt;l► for Moscow, And that
he will arrive here at the end of September.
Ltaoa, JULY 22.---The Dutch. General Con+
stant has suspended his task of settling the limits
between Franca and .the Netherlands. On the
other hand, we learn that the tw•o French Com-
missaries who were at the sarm►e vi•oi k have receiv-
ed leave of absence for two months.

FRENCH FUNDS.

5 per Cents. f. 40 c.

Dunk Actitnis

GE!tNIAN PA PEI'S,
(RECEIVED THIS NtORNING.)

Swrrient.nun, Jut.v 19.-10 the Sitting of the
Isth there arose a us st interestiog discussion iii
the Diet, upon the commercial relations wkh
France. Almost uoiversal complaints have arisen
on the fetters imposed by Frauce on the industry
of a friendly people, who are devoted to France,
and who but lately, in the capitulations fOr its
troops, has offered to the House of Bourbon
unequivocal proot's of .the sentiments Which ate
hereditary among the confederates, and have con.
Randy koiwated them towards the august family
which governs France. 'l.he obstacles opposed
to the commerce of Switzei land have bLeu as un-
expected as they are disagreeable. They have
paralized industry, they have ruined whole coun-
tries, they annihilate in several places the solere-
source of 4n interesting peptde.
The duties on the produce of our manufacture
have augmented to a
,degree. which amount 'to a
pt ohitiott, and there °Min:tures are executed with
unheard of rigour. After s,.!eeral diienssions, re•
matkable for the patriotism awl wisdom which
reigned in UMW,. the whole w:ts refers et! to the
examination of a Committee clunpost•fi of Messrs.
Wieland of Basle, [leer of Glacis, Zelweguar of
AppenzCl, Scherer of Gail, and Pierr Nos..'
ante!.

In the sitting of the IGth the Diet heard a brief
front the Pope addressed to the 'Governments of
$ wit zerland, dated now e, of June. Ilk (loli-
ness in this brief claims the intervention of the Co-
nfederates for the re. estlblishment of theAbbey`olSt.
Gall, which has ben formally deuianded of this last
Canton. The Deputies of Lucerne,
Gall, Geneva, &e. spoke With the
greatest energy oga4isi itruteiot) wie!' is at
onre contrary to the act of Congres,, which secures
to the late Abbot of St. Gail- on indemnity and
honourable rank in life, ,and to the present Con-
stitution of the Canton of St. Gall, which is gua-
ranteed by the Confederation. Eleven votes
rejected the demaud ; nine desired the referendum;
two Depnties reserved their voles ; so that the
decision of the Diet is adjourned till the time,
which is probably near at hand, when these two

'otes are given..,
Mr. Brougham is at Geneva.
Unheard of, anti deserving of public reproach,
ate the excesses committed by the Dotit►niers at
the ft ontiers of. Bureaus Bourglibrc, or St. Louis.
Not contented with impeding the intercourse,
bet -Teen Switzerland and France, and rendering
all commercial transactions impossible by every
species of chicanery, they allow themselves, bare-
faced acts of injustice, which maybe compared to
those of the Algerine pirates, who declare all that
they crtn lay hands upon as lawful prize.

A most. auximia search Is made after all the
productions of German reiterative, more than
even under Napoleon. It may perhaps be, said,
that the Government has no knowledge of these
proceedings of the Donaniers ; and it were to be
wished, for its honour, that they might be soon
rernedied.—(drats, Gazette, July 20.)
'PRANK PORT, 22.—Sir Sidney Smith, Pre-
sident of the Society of the knights for the Liber-
ty of the White Slaves in Africa, made on the 224
of June a general report. In this report he says,
speaking of the Italian prisoners of the States
Which have neither Marine nor Consuls, " they
ask; in their prisons and under the yoke of their
torments, whether their cruel slavery does not
excite the interest of the Europeau Powers in
the same degree as the lifeless and insensi-
We images, which have been restored with
so much zeal to their original country, whether
their countrymen are not as de,hous of filling up
the vacancies in the fishing-huts, as the deficien-
cies in the galleries of Florence and Koine, which
were so offensive to people's eyes and to their self-
love may the friends of those oljeets, ask their
consciences, whether they would not contem4
prate the titling and re-aniniured features' of the
captives, snatched Frew slavery, torture, shame,,
and death, and ex:4'nd to their families with tar
UP3re emotion than even those wonders of art in'

iitritikle and brass, and wl,etl r this ti.brat
meta is not Calcolatiti to counterbalance, in a
whrthy and_ -honoufable Manner, the Jove of
Otto which thek.giatifkAt of so
ulna gold. ,•let ptiliticiani; who found :‘a-
tiolial pride so tonal offerided by the seizure of
Statues and paintingi, Which thek oniidere'd as
trophic,, of victory, reflect, that Men loaded with
thains; "inking tinder the burden ()title nuistternet
labours in Africa). art bait} expcised tOthe
sion of the barbarians and that being rontidnally
present to the sight of a rebellious and mutinous
soldiety,'.they are as the'liliing thinhieS of their
violence, their rapine, and their tobberiei : let
them remember, that ,those who possess and re-
gard these wretches as their property, have need
of a great moral lesson, that they may be at
length convinced that they are not stronger than
indignant Europe, and that the day of retribution
must come.

44 W. S. SMltlf, Pres'clent."
(Journal de Frankfurt, July 2:,3.)„,

FLANDERS MAIL.

GIIONi, JULt 25.—The 'English, who desire tri
clothe us, Intend also tti shoe us. The tanner,
and shoemattiii %nill learn with erittitude that our
friends have kit sent to Antwerp a cargo of shots,
at 14 suite per pair. It is probable that their
shoes are one of the wonders at the steam engine,
which the Englihb hands have contrived to apply
to mechanic art and trade's. The steam engine
makes a shoe in three strokes.; the first cylinder,
provided with alit (emporte flee), cuts out the
sole 'and upper leather', another r'rtalfes. the boles;
into which a third drives the little nails, WWI)
are preparer;, and w;tich it imutediately clenches,
and the shot is made ; there wants only a fiOol to
boy it.

• HEN+, consequence of the gene-
MIS I.oollltiolt 10116 the public spirit has caused
to be taken in the city of Ghent, many Tarrdl44lllll
hare determined not to Ming any article of I;',,nglish
nninnticture to the annual fair in tare' mouth' of
August, °ther wise they would Tun the risk of
meeting with no rustomeis.: •
BBst.g, Riot 19:—Our last accounts from
-London announce, that the Swiss Regiments' of
Watteville and Menroo, returned to
Eno.ind anil were to be disbanded, have had orders
to go buck to Canada. rt is inferred from this
that the peace with the United States is not Ikely
to he
GHENT, JUt.Y 26.•-.^-^llis Holiness the.POpe has
addressed a Brief io the Bishop of Ghent, of which
the following is the substance :—He acknow-
ledges the receipt of the Bishop's letter, con-
cerning the religions affair's of the Low.Cuuntries.
He laments the.state of things, which the Bishop
;has exactly described, and tells him that be has
applied directly to the King of the Netherlands;
to intittee hint to reliJve his Catholic subjects
from all scruples of conscience, and hai proposed
to him to concur with his (the Pope's) authority,
in order that the lotto of the math to be taken by
the Catholics inty
filt,elefin.xteydt,thisroabsetdoiesneccet:tacuttouthltaet
k(Si'l7l.elOrliitittritintttirtijieti)gr their consciences, He has also
informed his Majesty, that he is ready to Send a
person with lull power to reside near his Majesty
to treat about ecclesiastical flatters.

11:51STeLMAM, JULY 27.—Tbe Prussian Consul
b„, "nouileed, that the Emperor of Morocco has
armed two brigs and a corvette, to cruize against
Prussian vessels.

FRANKFORT, JULY 22.—The Ex-Queen of
Spain, wile of Joseph Blionaparte, who lately ar-
rived in this city, has hired, for six months, u
pretty, country house, with a tine garden, on the
banks of the tilaine. It is said she is.going to
take posseisiou of it immediately, with her sister,
the Princess Royal, 'tif Sweden. On the other
hand, the letter:, from Vienna announce, that the
whole faMily of -Murat will leave, at the end of
this month, the chateau of Hainsbarg, to go to
Moravia.
•

BfigllA, JULY FAOlitmus bas just
been arrested here by an officer of the police, who.
was going to take hint to prison.; but on his re-
monstrances, stfppnEtril by. the General Major
Conlin:lnd:4u, his ancient comrade, he has been
permitted to remain at his hotel, under the guard
'of a sentinel at his door.

The..foilowing al tic le shows the distress which
at this time prevails in tome parts of Holland
ARNIDIM, Jey 19.—The Governor of the
province-ol,GochiLerland, taking into considera•
tion that, in consequence of the Inundations, the.
ravages of the crops, and the stagnation of ens-
plocm,ent, an indescribable misery has -taken
place, sn that die lower class of people have been
obliged to teed on herbage and grains, and that
tbe deal th t b re3ll, and the scarcity of potatoes,
make the th'itribution of these articles of subsist-
es,ce impossible in vai ions districts, liasineitett
the Magistrates of every commune where the
above distkesses have taken ,place, in a less or
greater degree., itmnediately to set about the estaJ
bli,hineoft of Rumford soup-shops, and, to diftri-
blue' it-among the indigent : the expence is to be
defrayed by the communes, and an appeal to he
made ttrthe charity of those in easy circoms!anees.
some of the marsh-lands in Holland, which
have been inundated, the. scarcity of fodder is so
4,,reat that the inhabitants have been obliged to
kill their voider and sell the beef at a sliver per
poultd7

. •••!.I.llLskii •
1)111)tin. P 0
I. . i I
.(;'
teithurait% I,ll,4olbur6ii, 1 Holland, 4 duerbsdy
i Watetfohi. •

PtilC7 dr STOCKi
1., TWA 04Y AT .rtl/rtte O.OLOCK.
3 Per term. Red.....:L . t r, 5-I&ti
3 per Cent; Cuiki..63! el* 63 thrtja Bxl9'' P'"
4 per Cents. 79 78 Extb. , 4s, 64, pi.
5 per Ct. N. Ann. 9311 94 :iii Cups. fur Account,...... 011

HIGH WA'rElt. LONDOR4 URI IiGE Toimortgwv..
Nforlittg, mates fiftor 10. Kvenitig,'63 itaititlte3 'saw 19.

THE SUET:

SOLRAI UV'S OICEk. vAt,11.0.1 AUDEAn

LONDON,
FRIM "'U it, GC/ST 2; iSl©.

, We have thii tilordn4 Paris. Flanders, "4
• •.1 • • • • ' • • • • • •
German Journals; froM ail of which we select 60
trews of the ptissini moment, The Oka:tiara, it
seems,-, continue to Matfifeit their hoStility to Bri'
tish merchandize : this we ogee with the Editor
of a respectable Morning Paper in thinking an
liberal and ungenerous prejudice; but are not W
on thiS side of the water illiberal and ow
-generons ? Our Colo t issues orders for the
non-ilppearauce of Belgian manufactuees--Of
Patriots recommeml us to discourage the ;in'
Portation of foreign goods—our Legialowrs
buy heavy duties opan the silks of Frattevi
the laces of Belgium, and the ellese aut!
butter of holland ; and ore, we tri expect that
France will give bounties for our hardwares, of
the Netherlands premiuMs fur nor woolle"'
The tettt It scents to' .be, that these are very
foolish awl very selfish prejudices on all
bands—::preindices leading to measure& whicii •
edunteraeCtbeneselves; for it is wore than
to suppose, ulna if one nation sets about ben"
firing its own prod'uctsalid ai fizans, by exehali"g
the products and manufactured articles of oth°r
nations, those other nations Will nut etnploY 11'6

satire weapons for protection and reraliatiou.-:
Necessity will then become the only source 01
trade; and the intercourse between countries v6ll
be iimite.t to those commodities which most iudis-
penbibly be procured from foreign parts, We (Id
out think that Great Britain ought to covet this

state of thiliv.

The swiss Dkt ha,) bre() greatly occupied
disctiWng the condilion c,t l!s Gonnilercial
France. liere too the excluding sY:
tcn► iv practised to the great detriment of ti.e r‘4"
of both countries.

The differences between the King of WInTEld
BERG and his States appear to increase. It i 3
rious to remark how nearly the tone of the di".
satisfied in that Country resembles the tone at
the malcontents iu this. The cry is all agah'st
an excessive Military Establishment--finsocidi
depression—and the general sufferings of thc
Country These things his MAresirir
ing able ,to cure, he has gone to Baden to ("e
the waters for his own benefit, Ms S"0 the
Prince Royal (who is a great favourite with tilt:
States) has set out with his wife for Switlellifi's`l'
It is extraordinary, that both ging ttn4 Prhicc
should leave the Country at such a crisis.

A report has been prevalent some time, w.
seems to have excited belief and ' 91114ellc"
sion among our' Party Politicians, viz, that a"
Army has been assembling on the Loire. 17
letters frinn Paris "of the 29th ult. received than
day, in which we place the fullest confidtince, !ye
have reason to believe that the report is uttt'rly
without foundation.

An order was received on 'Wednesday, at
wich, fur 836 piecepof ordnance to he shiPrtl
for Canada. (.!onveyancs for these, and son''
other stores, Wits yesterday advertised for ilig
Transport Board,' in rte following notice
" Trantimrt (Wire, Jody Sti 1816'
si Wanteui conveyance of .the uadt,c,ifictitlioncti gt°(th
Vit. 5,,,40U tons of ordnance stores to Canada. ~t
" Tendersto be received on Saturday, the 3d of

next.**
Our Quitintmes have taken the hint, and anent
from this that hostilities between Great 06111°1
and the United States are on the eve of being re'
commenced. For the present they may tli4llllss'
their fears: America is in no financial state 10
be prone to -the renewal of war.-1 otbi"g bps
s
happened to rekindle the llama between cl,e cou"-
tries--anti the known moderation and juitice
our Councils renders it (4.
entirely iltliettlow, to or:
pose that we shoohl wish to renew so injurious awl
unprofitable
fitable a contest'. But it has long been notorl'
It
Os that ne were takilite measures to
create
respectable forde on the Lakes of Canada. re
, „.
best prevention of War is to be prepared' an"
t
no dread of its approachand a more import-not
f
object cannot present itself'o the attention 0'
GoverunKtuti than the adoption of pi ecautitintir
