IVEYMOV77I, Ocr. 25,

YESTERDAY the ROYAL FAMILY returned from
their visit to Mrs. DAmvit's, to the Lodge to din.
tier. Just as Fils MAI FsTy alighted frum his horse,
he saw the Loan CH ANC a short distance,
who had a short time before arrived ; Hts
JELTY immediately honoured his Lordship with an
'interview, which continued for near an hour.

EArly this morning Fits MniesrY took a ride on
the Dorchester ro.td, and returned to the Lodge
about nine o'clock to breakfast.

After breakfast Hts MAJESTY inspedcd the Dis.
patches brought by the Messenger this morning
from Ministers, and after perusing them and return-
ing anstvers, went on board the Royal Yacht for an
excursion to sea, accompanied by the PRINCESSEs
ATJGU)TA, S"PHIA, and AMELIA ; the DUKE and
PRINCE 34 SoPHIA of GLoSICESTER; Ladies PAI7i.,
LETT, M. ERAINE, and E. THYNNK; the LORD
CHANCELLOR, E4tl RossLYN, Lord PAIILETT;
Generals FITzRoY, MANNIWOHAM, and GARTH,
and their Staff; Mr. and Mrs. DAMER, and Mrs.
CoATEa.

This bein4 the day on which the KING'S ACCe34.
don to the Ihrone is celebrated, all the Ships in the
Harbour fired a Royal Salute.
The ROYAL FAMILY will leave this place early
on Monday morning. They will proceed by D.sr;
chester,,Charboraugh, Blandford, Winbourn, and
Ringwood, on their way to Mr. Rose's, at Cuff.
nth. 111CROYAL FAMILY will breakfast at Mt.
DRAX Geosvrtioe's, at Charborough ; they will
proceed to. Mr. ROSS'S to dinner. It is ex..
peeled the ROYAL FAMILY will visit Mr. DRUM.
MOND, Sir HARRY BURR ARD NEALE, anti Mr.
BULKELEY, on their way to Windsor, where, it is
expected, they will arrive on Friday.
Arrivals at Luce's Hotel :
- Banks, Vsq. Mr. Kemp. Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Cox,
Mr. King, Mr. Harrison, and Mr. and Mrs. Richards.

Hii Royal Highness the DUKE of Susszx return.
ed to Town yesterday evening from Col. SMITH'S
seat in ,Essex.

The Dukes of ORLEANS and MONTPENsIER, the
Marquis Of WATERFORD, Lord and Lady CASTLE.
REACH, and Lady L. CORRY, arc upon a visit' to
the Marquis and Marchidness of ABERCORN, at the.
Priory.

The Duke of PORTLAND is entertaining a large
parry of fashionables at Buiitrode, In. clue list are,.
the Dowager Marchioness of BATH, Lade CHAR-
LOTTE GREVILLE and family, Lord CHARLES BEN-
TINCIC aid family.

The Earl. of HA•RRINGTON gave a grand dinner
on Thursday, at his house in the Stable-yard, St.
James's. Among the party were His Royal High-
ness the DUKE of YORK, Lord and 'Lady MUL.
GRAVE, Lord COLERAINE, General and Mrs.
GROSVENOR, General CALVERT, Mr. GREktl-
WOOD, &C.

Lord and Lady 4UCKLAND, 'the Mi.s EDENS,
and a acted party ul Fishionables are on a visit to
Lordpand Lady Hal3AttT, at their Seat at ROCllanp.
ton.

The-Earl of WEVIMOitLAND is gone from Ape-
thorpe, uon a dunning part), to Norfolk.
Sir JAMES CRA.uptrkr, gave an elegant dinner
yesterd;►y, To a belea party of friends, at the Cocoa
Tree, St. Janies's.atreet.

When M. D'Ouskit. was liberated from his
duress at Mentz, on the 2d instant, he presented
another Note to M. TALLEYIAND ; to which no
answer was given. We understand that it was couch-
ed in terms much more energetic and decided than
the preceding Notes from the Russian Charier
d' rlfaires ; and as the French Minister for Foreign
Affairs was not prepared, upon the emergency of the
moment, to give a satisfactory or decently evasive
answer to it, the Representative of the Russian
Court took his departure from Mentz, from the
Lion's Den, next day. •

The treatment which the rightful Monarch of
France has received from the KING of SWIDrN, is
highly honourable to the 'credit of the latter.—
Even the former must experience more pleasure Itom
such a testimony of reaped and regard than, the ex.
ecrahle Usurper of France can derive from all the
abject •homage paid to him by the fears of the
weetched people whom he holds in the most disgrace.
ful slavery.—On this occasion we may fairly apply
the words of the'POet : •
". And more true joy MA R reels, •
Than C:ESAIt Senate at his hsels,"
It• appears frOm tlit'':Aforriterres, that during 80..
NAPARTE'S residence at Brussels, Aix.la.Chapellei'
IVlentz,'&c. he has. passed a great nomher of Imre.
rial Decrees, Which arc given at length in the Of&
cial Gazettes, providing a variety rif regulatiOns in
the different Towns nod Citles which lie. visited.
Among these arc many approAations-of the build.
ings, &c. formerly appertaining to the Princes,
Nobles, ClergY and Religious Institutions of the-
conquered, now, United ,Conliti its, to various put.
..ppsea corresponding to their new situations There
are also, others, specifying improvements to be
made, espeeially where there have been-injuries
sustained during 'the course of the' War, of which
they were so long the sear. There are, too, Pen.
slims for old minufadurers and tradesmen. All this
was very necessary but it is to be observed, that
these Decrees, which are likely to be well enough
received by the inhabitants, were. reserved for the
Imperial Tour, in order to give the soi.disant Ens.,
peror every prissible opportunity of gaining some
popularity, by *hewing how much -he has, person.,
ally, the public welfare at heart. It must have
been an _enviable, situation for certain German
Princes to go and make their submissions, or, as it
is called, to be received with gracious coodescen_
sion by his Imperial Majesty, in the very towns,
nay, to the rooms of the very houses, once their
own, and of which they have been robbed by Mon.
&ICU!: NAPOLIION. in his Treaty of Luneville f
It has been said, that the dispute between Frintcc+.1
and Russia will prove merely " a War of
faucet." Such may, indeed, he the otily hostility
between those Powers; 'but in that case, the cope.
riority will evid4ntly: he on the side of Russia,
which has aimed such solid charges against the
Usurper, as he will be wholly unable to retort with
;411 his artillev of artifices and mines. of mairtio.

I.IIPRO4VPTiI.

ON TIU LATE EXPERIMENT OPP BOULOGNE•

A,Barros, oh I shameful t triumphantly said,
Not a rap did we :her," or annoy a French deck;
Hence, 'tis plain, that what runs in his 7.irobi; bead
Should, if juititeivere done him,•sgon run round kir odd

The new Comedy of Tbeit Bargain is to
attraCtive, that it will prove 'very &Erten; ft.tio
blind Bargain to Covent-Garden Theatre. It was
represesited last night before a very numerous
audience, and with unabated success. Independently
of its dramatic merits, it %so well supported by this
I),trfoimeii, as to afford an excellent treat to the
public.—The'Epilogue was last night clamorously re.
quired a second lime; but EMERY came forward, and
stating iliac he had for some time been indisposed,
and had to perform in die Farce, the audience' wer#
contented to relinquish their demand.

' We are glad to see the brury-lanti Managers
toileri;:eal,eunt.:iselioirnflavtitaesriilaoticuosoninfteetlortgy.uor:infileirhosiiisd.
kslitnrotct
seems
FCmi
it
ii Comedy
The ii
by:*
lining
rcvre4.erinttat liGnt i
aiDlgrdr,ticanrnydm_ 1 ;ff:::
.rgd s admirable
ilviralueorrallya'ledintla;syeeilfin: the Copyright fe r sit siatNios a. ii
asi'dsi here
550 guineas.
The elegant and 'pathetic Ballad sung by Miss.
btuAtTheis: usinic. Bargain,Yetaßstleiniand,feclingsisevferiecL7dTii7bl4.'
whom it was composed. ' • ,
' , The Farce entitled The Dash, which
luckywas,,
tonisSsa
at
iudt.,d Saturday n ght
originally a
represented
ll WaS 90 Un•,
under 'the name. of Holiday Time or The school
A rival Rasciulltas- started at r
Bays Fight. . ' • u"La
a" te NT .1 )': iavtir ce l:
Theatre. •He has performed the arduoustheCc'rarbart.ittlegi.:,
of The Stranger and 08alaia' n, with great bincehlay
He is just tB, possesses great strength and fle.xibi.
lity of voice, a goodligure, and-elegant manners.
' Three Thousand Guineas are allotted, to. Mo.
BlLLisiczoat and GRASSINI, far their exertions sr
the Opera House next ,Se,ason; and, accordieg fa
report, the. .general a'rrangements at thatylaceate
likely to . bring forward a magnificent scale of en.
tertainments.
NAVAL ANECDOTR.--On the astir
the of 01.9ober,
1694, a bowl of pooch was made ;it Right.
II ,rs 'arable Edward Russell's, When 'he . Was Cap.
r..i.,,,Gineral and Commander in Chief o His rvla;
jest',i Forces in the Mediterranean Seasf . It WWI
made in a fountain in a garden, 'in the middle of
lour walks, all covereal over-head with lemon ana
orange -trees ; and in every walk -was
old a t
col.
able •
'the whole' length of : it, covered with i-
lations, &c. In the said fountain wet.,,e- ;11!g.
following ingredients, viz. four hogsheads °I
brandy, eight hogsheads of water, 25.000 leme'L°'
of6na settee
.2o gallons of lime juice, .1300 weight
Listing) sugar, five pouials a grated nnunegff' '3•'
toasted biscuits, and last, a pipe tea
dry Mouni'il
MAlaga. Over the 1 aintain-
pose. a little boar, whereiii was aboy
`fltet, who towed round the fountin, and tilled the.
boil; to keepolf the rain ; and theret as
wars
bi :911
oi It:
1:g built i
rtC
goa Illi
11:11 'I
1 1
11) tif
I:
Cups to the company ; a ,
;461
.-W.c are hacpy
itlim bOOO men
to learn that the long-prom
Projefts of Mr. MILEY, ten: in the Mang
pa. nook. nedierienaa.li P1.'31331)114' molt
of the Horse, rendering it calm on the 1053%1;
hprnc*, &c. will make its appearante . in a f' 0
_
days. We conCeive that such a Work most prov,
highly acceptable to the Public in general. •
The 'Corporation of D incaster have dialled,*
considerable improvement to be made in 'the ra.ec.;
ttororisnotnhethgersatnadndsatand, which will
aa.urse, by throwing the running ground loon
atford better accommodation to tha people on /O.!.
This plan was laid before' some of the first ONO'
Ingham, preferable view of the horses, an.a.
give the spa";
tern onathe turf, at the last Meeting, and bighlr le
Ivr 'or
naP:T6l(Eldvs'e's:l;oil:ler:i l.z w'
other i 11
i °in
Membersw ai w:
gutting
Doncaster, yesterday sennight, 1": r refmiflOck'
if t etdh
eo ncboyipor hoer
oration
Kock-
have 4 pietism painted of the late Marq'°' py.
from an original done by Sir Josh°a owl
.I 1 v‘is'htiocbbeh•pislacinrdasthtihpe vneorrythPLiidteolf la:esePuraens-.
to.
Room, in the Mansion.HOuse, to car fp
pond with the piCture of His Majesty,
sensed by Lord Eardley. latelY P
guT4rieemPall:-rsvii:sdrae)r,,ss.G.a ewn eereakl.ilai:rvoe: 31,6h601r.i5nie1e,::;41e,..:
w'''Ph, by way (1( CroWie, which must prove 3 glr ~
aerialtAieii:erliit:ircncisclumol al:te°Ladaf:r:nid(tinlotti:Ft‘etErhpp:av r‘rirsel ii(11,11:t;h1lrei
chiC7odwu:nutbirderi.l:l;
• rive at Doncaster in twenty-two hours, freclueir).
walked -froth • the fit idge ~at Snetield, to' Itorite rha_lico
cu4/41:4-"nt ''w:eeelcac‘ll':.E. PL‘'o•QwrtilhietrilaVnildvJe.dfla Ye
cs ? after
rSwhaCf7:iiir;
Bridge and back again, being a distance of
vior,
miles, for a wager of ten guineas ; wl,ich wa' '414
by the former, who performed it in one hoot "
thirty-nine minutes. t the
. ,'cle
Yesterday a court of Direetors was held 3 .
: Cl‘t
East India House, which adj.Jurtied at "S" "
till WedneSday -next. - , , ,
I Capta'a
'On Wednesday the Meilals given' i'Y ,' („1,
STEWART and Lieut. A'Beektza. of the 70 --)''
s , u, the
pony of the St:James's Corr, were presente" r.
successful candidates by Littite.o3nt A,'B",1"1-
In I for r°l
tic, rof the name of Hans Hauge, Wil° a: h
ac
. .
years past has wandered about .the countrY'ver the
it the influence which .be has obtained a „ faro
Norway there it at present a celebrated Fall::
multitude by his dottrinea, that he has nl:cwoop„.ist
midable body of adherents, and. wh'" } ~ing°
more agreeable to him, a warm purse coris oily
aoo,ooo rix.dollars. , His', party; whic),, „esiorg
augmenting, endeavours to excite the vnig.l' :reent
the regular Preachers ; nor does H•10/14 ':,.10001°'
Wm to stand in any fear 'of the law,.etr,,i`owging 01
himself with the consequences of "10,,,;ertn1
civil order. The Norwegian Chancery r!_ito, an r',
it expedient to concert measures ter 1'u!',..07,. pray
to disorders which may otherwise event,u_cilcif,
...41
highly prejudicial to ;be tranquillity of 0')
~.
