LOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY,

DEAL, MAT I,—Wind S.W., moderate.—Arrived, and proceeded for
the River, the Harriet, Forengan, from Jamaica; the Fairies, Agar,
from Manilla; the Kitty, King, from South Seas; the Juno (steamer),
from Cork; and several others, particulars unknown. Came down from
the River, and remain, the °swell, Collaro, for Madras; the England,
Bacon, for Halifax.
Ponvsuotrrs, MAY I.—Wind S.S.E. to S.W., fresh breezes, squally,
with min.—Arrived, the Maitland, Fripp, from Jamaica.
PListotrrit, APRIL 30.—Wind S.W.—Arrived, her Majesty's ship
Russell, from the Mediterranean. Sailed, the Wyndhandel, Rotterdam.
FALMOUTH, APRIL 30.—Wind W. to S.W., fresh breezes.—Arrived,
the Iberia (steamer), from Gibraltar, left on the 20th ult., Cadiz on the
21st, Lisbon 25th, Oporto 26th, and Vigo 27th ; the Venus, Pedersen,
from Messina, with loss of rudder and jibboom on the 4th inst., long.
12 W. ; her Majesty's ship Meteor, Lieut. Pritchard, from a cruize.
Arrived off', the David, Hancock, from Trapani. Sailed, the Tagus
(steamer), Symons, for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar.
LIVERPOOL, MAY I.—Wind variable and light.— Arrived, the Em-
porium, Parsons, from New Orleans ; the Triumph, from St. Michael's;
the Lusitanla, from Smyrna, Sailed, the Alice, Brooks, for Valparaiso ;
the Clementina, for Messina,

STANGATE CREEK, MAY I.—Arrived the Rhoda, Matthews, from
Mangalore; Nora Creena, Howes, from Palermo; Wiltshire, Barker,
from Messina.

DOVER, MAY I.—Arrived off iPort, the Advocate, Wilkinson, fry
the Mauritius.

COWES, MAY I.—Arrived the Burma!), Webster, from Havannah
Commerce, Primrose, from Pernanbuco.
TORBAY, APRIL 30.—Arrived off, Port, the Water Witch, Robinson
from Malaga.

SCILLY, APRIL 29.—Arrived off Port, tho Apollo, from the Cape of
Good Hope; Mary, from Havannah.

GUERNSEY, APRIL 26.—Arrived the Harmony, Langlois, from De-
merara; Gray, from Cadiz.

DUBLIN, APRIL 30.—Arrived, Devonshire, steamer, from London.
POOLE, MAY I.—Arrived the Julie, Atwood, from Rostock.
DARTMOUTH, MAT I.—Arived the Blake, Curtis, from Licata; Per.
severance, Adams, from Gibraltar.

FALMOUTH, APRIL 30.—The City of Londonderry, steamer, left Vigo,
on the 22d ult. for this Port.

The Vintage, Fraser, hound to Glasgow, fell over at Sligo on the 2Gth
ult., is leaky and must discharge.
The Success, of Whitehaven, was run down and sunk in Dublin
river, on the 28th ultimo, by the Victoria steamer.
The Dove, Peares, from London, was run foul of in the Would on
the 30th ultimo, by a loaded sloop, and both sunk, crews saved.

A RRIVA L.—The Rev. George Tolley, at the Green
Park Motel, Piccadilly, from Brighton.
The Dublin Evening Mail of Monday, with an
amusing exhibition of conscious importance, and of its superior sources
of official information, proclaims in its least modest manner, and in the
very largest letters--The postponement of the Coronation :—" It has just
been communicated to us (quoth our exclusive) on authority upon which
we can place implicit reliance, that the Coronation is to be put off—first
for ten days ; and this with a view to its further postponement. All the
London Journals of Saturday evening, Ministerial and Opposition, are
silent upon the subject; but from the quarter from whence:the information
has reached us, we are disposed to place confidence in the fact as stated."
After a good deal of ingenious adscription, anti of course, extremely
candid conjecture, both with respect to the motives and causes touching
the afore-avouched putting off of the pageant, our contemporary be-
comes silent with the joyful anticipation of the disappointment which
will be felt by the expectant Peers if the ceremony do not take place at
all—a contingency most comforting to the Mall, and coincident with its
belief and its hope.
The execution of Ann Wycherley, at Stafford, for
infanticide, was postponed to Saturday, the sth of May. After sen-
tence of death had been pronounced against her, it will be recollected
she said that she was pregnant, and a jury of matrons was forthwith im.
pannelled to ascertain the foct, who declared that she was " not quick."
This was a legal verdict ; but if they thereby meant to negative the plea
of pregnancy, they were mistaken, as a subsequent miscarriage has
Placed the question beyond all doubt. This occurrence must be attri-
buted to the mental agony of the poor creature, induced by the prospect
before her, and may possibly obtain for her a commutation of the sen-
tence; for, if she suffers, it will but excite public sympathy in her be-
half. Since the above was written, we learn that on Thursday last a re.
Prieve was received for Hannah Heath, convicted of the murder of the
murder of her grand-child, at Baddeley Green, but that Ann Wycher.
ley is left for execution on Saturday next.
PUBLIC MEETING—POST-OFFICE ABUSES.—
On Tuesday last, a public meeting was held in the Town-hall, Greenock,
in reference to the above subject. On motion of Baillie Muir, the
Provost was called to the Chair. After a few words from the Provost,
Mr. Wallace, the Hon. Member for Greenock, with whose untiring cx.
ergies on the Post-office abuses, the public are familiar, spoke at great
length on the question. A series of resolutions was then moved, by
Wrn. Macfie, Esq., seconded by J. Tier, Esq., Chairman of the Chamber
of Commerce, and subsequently carried nem con. by the meeting.
Thanks to Mr. Wallace, and to the Provost, baying been respectively
carried, the meeting separated.
Mr. William Turner paired off in favour of Mr.
Hume's motion, on the allowance to the Duke of Cumberland, with Mr
G'rimsditch.

ANTI-SLAVERY.-The announcement made by
The Seen on Wednesday. that Ministers, attentive to the voice of the
country, had withdrawn further opposition to the instant emancipation
of the negro apprentices, has, as might naturally have been expected,
given great and general satisfaction. The provinces, particularly, have
testified their joy in a manner which shows how deep is the interest
taken, how intense the sympathy felt, in the cause of suffering humanity.
Since the glad tidings were conveyed, scarcely has there been a single
Paper, published in any part of the country, that has not dwelt with
heartfelt satisfaction on the pleasing prospect we presented. It would
appear that never was the influence of The Sun more widely diffused, or
more genially and joyously felt, than on Wednesday., when it shone on
the sons of slavery, and gilded the hopes of the good and humane.
RELIGIOUS MEETINGS IN MAY.-2d, Baptist
Irish Society, City of London Tavern; British and Foreign Bible So.
ciety, Exeter-hall. 3d, Baptist Missionary Society, Finsbury Chapel ;
Prayer-book. and Homily Society, Exeter-hall; British Reformation
Society, Exeter-hall ; Sunday School Union, Exeter hall ; Baptist Union,
Devonshire-square Chapel. 4th, London Society for Promoting Chris-
tianity among the Jews, Exeter-hall ; Religious Tract Society, Exeter_
hall. sth, London Hibernian Society, Exeter-hall. 7th, British and
Foreign School Society, Trinitarian Bible Society, Society for the Pre.
vention of Juvenile Prostitution, Exeter-hall. Bth, Church Pastoral
Aid Society, Exeter-hall; Naval and Military Bible Society, Freemasons'.
hall; European Missionary Society, Exeter-halt; Irish Evangelical So-
ciety, Finsbury Chapel. 9th, Protestant Association, Exeter-hall. 10th,
London Missionary Society, Exeter-hall. 11th, District Visiting So-
ciety, Exeter.hall ; Church-rate Abolition Society, City of London
Tavern ; Colonial Missionary Society, Finsbury chapel. 12th, Society
for the Protection of Religious Liberty, City of London Tavern. 14th,
London City Mission, Exeter-hall ; London Itinerant Society, Hospital
Accident Case Society, Finsbury Chapel. 15th, Home Missionary So.
ciety, Exeter-hall. 16th, Aborigines' Protection Society, Exeter-hall.
22d, Society for Promoting Permanent and Universal Peace, Friends'
Meeting-house, Doundsditch. 23d, Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
Society.

Tile Tower of London was opened yesterday for
the first time to the public, to view the armoury at one shilling each
person.
More than a year ago a bag of money, declared to
contain three thousand francs, was taken by an agent of the house of
Rothschild to the coach-office of M. Crottet, at Geneva, to be conveyed
to Paris. The bag was stolen ; Messrs. Rothschild made a demand upon
the coachmaster for upwards of seventeen thousand francs as the real
contents. This claim was resisted, on the ground of the declaration at
the time of delivery that the bag contained only three thousand francs,
which sum was tendered and refused. The question was on the point
of being brought before the tribunals, when, not many nights ago, about
ten o'clock at night, the door-bell of M. Crottet's house was rung with
great violence. The servant went to the door followed by her master,
and on the door-sill they found the lost money.bag, with the whole of
the seventeen thousand francs untouched.
NEW WORKS.—The following interesting new
works are just published by Mr. Colburn, 13, Great Marlborough.street :
—l. The Fanqui in China, in 1836-7, by C. T. Downing, Esq.,
M.R.C.S., 3 vols. post Svo., with illustrations. 2. Recollections of
Caulincourt, Duke of Vicenza, 2 vols, 18s. 3. Queen Elizabeth and
her Times, a Series of Original Letters from the inedited Private Corre-
spondence of the most distinguished persons of the period, dedicated by
permission to her Majesty, 2 vols. Bvo., with portraits. 4. The River
and the Desart, by Miss Pardo°, author of " The City of the Sultan,"
stc., 2 vols. post Bvo., with illustrations, 18s. 5. The Life and Corre-
spondence of Admiral Earl St. Vincent, by Captain Brenton, R.N.,
2 you& Bvo., with portrait, &c. 6. The Duchess of Marlborough's Pri-
vate Correspondence, illustrative of the Court and Times of Queen
Anne, now first published from the originals, Second Edition, 2 vols. Bvo.
with portraits. 7. The Fourth Part of the new edition, with additions,
of Mrs. Jameson's "Memoirs of the Beauties of the Court of Charles 11. "
comprising a series of 21 splendid portraits, to be completed in 6
monthly parts, at 7s. 6d. each ; and 8. A new and cheaper edition of
the " Diary of the Times of George IV. and Queen Caroline," in 2
vols., post iivo., price only 16s.
