NAVAL SEWS.

PC/RTSMOtni, DEC. O.—Arrived hi‘• Majesty's
ships Muignive, Cressy, and Mari, from' the
Downs.

Sailed his Majesty's ships Cordelia and Nimrod
on a eruiie ; Cumberland,- for Cork ;- issletoei
•
for Guernsey and Jersey.

DOVER, DEC. 14,--Arrived in the Downs last
evening, 'a Spanish vessel frOm Gottenburgh in
four days, and brings an account df the death of
BUONAPARTE, who. has been shot by one of hiS
own Officers. A vessel has just arrived .in the
Roads froth Ostend, which confirms the above ac-
count ; the news of BUONAPARTE'S death having
arrived but a few hours befoie this Vessel. left thu-
plaCe. She will come-into this harbour next

FALMOUTH, DEC. 12.—Sailed the (211:7en Char-
lotte packet for Lisbon.
Tile West India fleet, for some unknown cage,
still remains.

ELECTION DINNER.

There was yesterday a meeting of the friends
of Sir FRANCIS BURDETT and Lord COCHILANE, at
the Crown and Anchor, fOr the purpose of cf.flis
l)rating the•return of those persons to the Repre-
sentation of the City of. Westminster.
Mr. %Iris [Lull' was idthe Chair; and,' after din-
ner, briefly touching upon the object of Reform,
and congratulating the Meeting on the return of
such Representatives, he gave us his toast—
, The Sovereignty of the People."
As this toast, if -it had any meaning, 'was fa.=
vottrable to.the cause. f insurrection and anarchy.'
it was received with triumphant applause, ts.nd
Three times three." The toast, however, whitis7.
was to call forth the chief feature of the nieeting,,.
was " Sir FRANCIS BUIIDETT," and the Baronet,
of course, arose to pronounce his ,usual philippic
against the existing establishment; the conduct
of Government, and whatever is entitled to the
respect and veneration of the country.--In the
course of his harangue, he imputed the election Of
Mr. CANNING, at Liverpool, to corruption. He -
naturally regretted the rejection ofMr.
at the same place; becatjse, to adopt the word
used by Lord ELLENBOROUCiII, the Barrister and
the Baronet are "inoculated" with the same prin
ciples.—As usual, the Baronet attacked the flouse*,.
of Commons, and intimated that the late General
Election was a mere farce, and by no means ex-
pressed
the voice of the people.---The Court of
King's Bench came in for a share of his id-,use ;
he pronounced it little inferior to the Star Chain-
ber, and he doubted not that, if its present con,'''
duct should continue, it would be deemed equally
odiona.• He then vindicated the conduct of all
the persons who have been, or are likely to- be,
convicted of libels, and bitterly reviled the course
of legal proceedings against them. A licenser of
the Press he represented as destructive of liberty,
and lamented the wretched slavery and submission
to which, according to his representation, the-
Press is reduced.—The Baronet, of course, 'never
reads the Opposition Journals.
But it is needless for us to folloW the patrlotio
Orator through the whole train of grievancts
which he mustered in formidable array ; it is suf-
ficient to observe, that he said, (referring to' the
legal decisions in the case of libel-, and the Fend-,
ing cases), " in a word, every thing was nowe.,
mockery and form, without any of the substance cif
justice." He proceeded to say; that the patriotic
complaints " were never met by argument, but by
falsehood and misconstruction."
There is, of course, nothing of "falsehood and
misconstruction" and nothing but " argurnenr*
at party dinners. But in the general zeal of the
Baronet to indulge in a rein of abuse, he would not
let even the. "poor plf4el 3" escape, }slit spoke of
theta as exhibiting themselves from place to place,
and.accus:ng the friends of Government of hunt-
ing for popularity in the same manner. The sup-
porters .Ot' party, of course, Weyer do the,same,.
and a tavern dinner is not intended for such
a purpose. But rank and office could not ex-
pect
to escape from the lash of the: Baronet, and
accordingly he 'said, that he should, " frit his -
part, sooner .expect to hear of a great genius-
carrying a pitch fork than a white stqtr." Hence • •
we may 'infer, that no man who is born to' the ex-
pectation of rank and office is likely to have any
genius ; and that there is nothing in the opportilz
nity of education. His friend, Mr. LaNcaalcag, •
might surely have taught him better.
In conclusion, he promised to continue his
efforts for Reform, and though " his solitary en-
deavours" (the solitary- endeavours of a Party
Meeting) were not likely to be successful, yet
" myriads of Petitions," (procured of course by solitary endeavours,") mast in the
.end be tri-
umphant.

• Lord COCHRANE signified, that his worthy col.
league's remarks were so full, that it was utm-.!-
cessary for him to say much. His Lordship then
implicitly assented to all the Baronet's. remarks.
He, however, thought proper tr, condemn the
-endeavours of this country to effect • the deliver-
ance of Spain, and censured Government for keep-
ing' 10,000 men in Sicily for the support of the
most despicable. of all Governments. • His Lord-
ship, we presume, then has not heard that a new
Constitution, upon the British. model, has been
introduced iu that. Country.
The remainder of the proceedings at this Meet-.
ing are not worth notice, we may say, except as
they skewed of what sort of people it was coin-
posed, since all the wild, ahasive, .and inflamma-.
tory declamation which they heard, was And.
turott4ly applauded.

thic. -.—Ad vices the Irene
coast received this morning leave us in the Stl2li.e,
suspeilse as hrietcifore as to the situatidn or t4te,
'of BJONAPARTE. The people of France are. pro-
foundly ignorant of the present state Of, theic
Artily in Russia, or where the Emperor is, Wh
ther living or dead, but their conclusions favriar
the latter assumption, and they are drawn frti7ii
the silence observed by all COnnebted with the,.
Government. It is a; fact, that the difficulty cif
communication (from what cause is unknowto
between the Grand Army and Prance iS so great;
.;
that the families of officers holding high Situation;
in tile Atiny, have not received a single letter
from-them since the occupation of MOsco*.
