THE SPANISH CAUSE.

The recent defection of Morino in Gallicia
hat produced the two following Proclamations,
with which we have been favoured by a private
correspondent :

ADDRESS OF THE /TALIAN OFFICERS TO THE

OALLICIANS.

" Italians !—The mighty struggle between nations who are
determined not to be oppressed, and tyrants who are endea-
vouring to oppress them, is now about to-herder:Main Spain.
Either Spain will triumph, and the immediate result will be
freedom to other nathis, or she will; yield, and then for a long
period of time the yr*e of tyrants will gall the population of
Europe.
_ _ .

" No one who feels like a man can be indifferent tothis im. I
portant conflict, on which depend' not only the triumph of
liberty hi general, of that liberty which ought to by dear to
every rightly-constituted heart, but also Slee independence and
happiness of oar country.
" 0 Italians! 0 beloved countrymen 1 there is here noroons ,
for doubt, He who• defends the cause, of Span, defends at the
same time that of Italy, and'until the happy moment when we •
may be called on ter shed out blood lbr the benefit of our country,
fighting at our very door* against her barbarous oppressors, out
. ,
post of honour is on the Spanish fwd.
"We can assure you, that such of oue colimrymen as are
withheld by age from battling here, will submit to, every other
sacrifice to assist us, and to cooperate for, the success of the
great struggle. From the very commencement of this holy
wet, many of cur. ellow-oidzente have viskirously fought in Cis-
. talonla s our eountry, its the odds* al. her twiof(WtolAOs, Sillibi,
at hearing .these exploits of her 1,94411 S SOUL' .:.' • 1
'" .If: we are. now plWVOnted by ttistanicak an circumstances
fnaropining themvaltall we therefore remain here, divided and
• inaenve IA -1,40 r we ought equally' to exert ourselves in whet,
everactlye part it may be possible fur us ; and, for the sake of
a surer success we, ought to unite and contend, not asiedivi.
I duals, but as talians. All the fruit of our toils, and all the
glory we may acquire .should be the tribute And the comfort of
our dear common mother.
" Oallicia, by its geographicalposition, by,itt • genuine pa.
triotism, and by the firmness of its authorities, at the head of
whoin is Quiroga_Gallicia, which knew, how to render useful
' (even ht the most recent period) to the common cause, even the
treachery of him lillurillo), in whom was placed the greatest
Confidence and the supreme military authority of the 4th corps
' of the army (whilst his treason bee had no other effect than to
' ' make known the impossibility of any injury from the power of
the Servile, though they may be protected by the highest power,
and to wake fromits sleep that pendent apathy which is terrible
to the foe in proportion as itis found late)—Liallicia offers us an
asylum, the means of union and of remaining united, and of
contributing more efficaciously to the success of our wishes.-.-
Exert yourselve*, therefore, my dear countrymen, to join us in
this country.. - •
" We will nut conceal from you that privatioes of every sort,
and painful toils, will for souse time be our lot ; but we shall
enjoy the grateful reetiMpense of having performed oar duty ;
we shall have (as we ardently hope) the great satisfaction of re-
entering
Italy and liberating her trout her barbarous tyrants. 1.
" The cause of Spain is secure : the Spaniards wash most
decidedly to be free, and they will „be so in spite of every
obstacle. -Already the pc pie of Franee, ere indignant at being
ruled by the Prefects of the Italy- Alliance, and in a short
time they will shake off the coiner:MOW° yoke of the Boor.
bons ; already the tyrants are pale And trembling, and the par.:
titans of despotism are sci greedy to extioguleli the sacrifice ,
which burns in Spain, only beeaose the knell of their destroe.
tion is about to round. Italy is now expecting, with imps,.
donee the moment when her *mi.s may lend her the means
of breaking! her detested chains. We have this consoletion
at hand, that if any orie of us slieuld fall in this glorious enter,
prise, the happy day will arrive when it shall be repeitted,
throughout liberated Italy at the tuention of our names,-..` lie
died combating in tipein for the independence, sovereignty,
and. iberty of Italy. But, whatever better result--ahougli our
hopes should be vein—though the world itself should perish—
its ruins shall never daunt the tree and feailess emigrant* of
Italy.
" Corunne, July 1, 1023. . . .
" A. Cornaro " C. Cent
" P. Pilotti " L. floneschi
" A. Ronne " It. Lironi
" G. Paltengtii " C. Ferrari
"L. Binaghi " It. Urizzi • •
.
. " P. Sola " O. (luerini.
" O. Candellero" &c. &c.

. .
PROCLAMATION'to the I N HAW TA NTS off' VIGO.
Inhabitants of the Province' of Vigo?.:.-The critical situa-
tion in which we are placed, demands from you the most
strenuous exertions, if
,you wish to expel; • far-'the second
time, from this beautiful province, ;those impious French,
who, disregarding the most sacred righti of nations, 'are in.
tent on the destruation - of, the liberties of our country.—
'Mire is no middle course, valiant Yigosians t between the
succumbing to the fatal yoke ,of slavery; or .the taking up
amain difenee of the sacred code which you have sworn
Au derail Never forget that the province of Vigo wait the
third to.take op anus for the liberty of Spain. Bear in mind,
that you were the first, who, in the year 1009, with the greatest
intrepidity, expelled these same enemies, pursuing them in
every .direction, to their total extermination. Now, more than
ever,• is an
,equal degree of valour and intrepidity necessary.
The superior authorities of this courageous province have
thought proper to elect me as one of the Chiefs of those Gue-
rin...l which are now, about to be formed, for the purpose of re.
sisting the aggression. of those coemies to the human race;
'and in order that nothing may be wanting to any citizen who
may be desirous of enlisting for the domtion qt the existing
.war (during which all such as enlist shall be exempt from the
operation oftherysinta4),
ro
, it it fixed that the following aids shall
ri be supplied them : a our of linen twsers with gaiters, a great
coat, &Jacket, a fora ng cap, a shin, two pair of oboes' a, sack,
and ammunition ; : realt peeday, and bread to each soldier ;
3 to a corporal, 4to the second sergeants, to the first ser-
geants i 7 to subalterns., ft to lieutenants`, and l' 6
i) to captains.
• You will perceive that these allowances sire very small in cons-
.itiarison with the painful labours you are called on to undertake :
but the glory you are about to acquire is immense.' You will
be respected by all the nations of, the earth, and I myself will be
the first to seize everroCcation to recommend to the government
and M the supreme authorities, your bowie actions, in order that
they may be rewarded. Hasten, then, to enlist in the Guerillas
under my command, confiding in all my endeavours and care,
and that I will lead you in the path of Itonour and glory, in
which you will find me constant till my dying breath.
your colppanion in arms,
joN4CI9 Dg DgSCATI4I,4II, '

THE SUN.

SCILEX QUII DICERS FALSCI3I 4irDS.47?

LONDON,
SATUR D AY, JULY 19, 18`3.

PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT.

Parliament was this day Prorogued by cam.
mission; with the usual ceremonies.
The. Hpuse of Commons having attended, the
CJOANCILLLOI% read Ilis MArerrY's Speech,
of which the followiug report is nearly verbatim :
The Speech expresses Nis MAJESTY'S acknow-

lodgments for the Zeal and Assiduity of Par-

liarnent, in applying themselves to the Objects
recommepded to their attention by Ills MA-

JErrx dt the opening or the Session.

It deaares that His MAJESTY entertains a

confident expectation► that the provisions of in.

term' regulation adopted by Parliament with

respect, to Ireland, will tend to remove, when

carried into effect, some of the evils with which

that part of the United Kingdom has been

afflicted.

It assures Parliament or His MAJESTY'S deter.

mination to exercise the powers entrusted to him

for the suppression of violence and ontrage, with

temperance and firmness,,for the protection of

the lives and properties of 1113 M ESTY'S Loyal

Subjects.'

It proveeils to declarp, that Ills 111.t3corry con-

temptateewith great satisfaction the ffoorisithig
condition of ail Branches of the National Cons.

merce and Manufactures, and the gradual abate•
ment of those difficulties under %hie!' ,the Agri-

cultural Interest has so long anti so severely

suffered.

Omt expresses His MdUciTy's Thanks tp

the House of Commons for the Supplies which

they have grunted for the Service of the. Year,

end ,Fosura them that tilt. Relief which thty
have been able to afford t 9 the Country, by a
large Itetitiction et Taxek, has given hinuthe

greatest satisfaction.

The Speech proceeds to state, that tits MA.

JECrir hat comennuded the Lords Commissioners

to inform' the I,Quel and COMAIONS that His

IVI4JEsTY continues to receive the STKONGEST

ASSURANCIS frorn • 0)1 Foreign Powers of their

friendly diiposition towards this Kingdom.

It Gimpy crtates't* MAJESTY deeply re-

grets the failure of his earnest endeavours to pre-

vent OH< interruption Odle Peace of Europe; but

that at ilia same time it affords His AIAJESTY

the greatest consolation that the principles upou

which he hits acted, and the policy rhich ha has

determined tq pursue, have met with warm and

cordial conctirrence, as consonant with the jute-

rests, and satisfactory to the feelings, of his

people.

SUN OFFICE, Two o'Ctocx.
We are enabled, to state, on most undoubted

authority, that the latest authentic intelligence
from Cadiz falsifies all the rumours respect-
ing the alleged clanger of the KING and Royal

Famity. -On the contrary, the utmost respect
continues to be shown to his CATHOLIC MAJESTY,

and strong marks of attachment to his person

were evinced by the greater part of the popu-

lation of Cadiz, and by the militia and numerous

memb?rs of the Cortes.

in our fourth page we have inserted extracts
from German and Lisbon Papers, and additional
extracts from the Paris Papers of Wednesday. 7--
The Pilote says, that a series of battles has been
fought between the French and, the Constitu-
tional forces under B4I4.ASTEROS and LOPEZ
BANOS, and that the first results had been the
occupation of Seville by tire Constitutionalists,
and the retreat of General BoURMoNT to San
Lucar, where he had concentrated his forces.—
The Spaniards occupied the road of Carolina,
and the strong defiles of the Sierra Morena, and
had rendered the situation of the French ex 7
tremely critical,

In our preceding columns we have given co-
pious and interesting extracts from the Madrid
(Royalist) Papers, from the Carunna (Constitu-
tional) Papers, and from Bayonne Plpers to the
II th instant. Our opinion, that the public accu-
sation which Monit.Lo had preferred against the
Cortes, must prevent him from renewing his alle-
giance to the Constitutional Government, not-
wi►hstanding the restoration of the KingatCadiz,
is by these arrivals fully contlrmed ; and al-
though ?dolma.° is said by some of the ac-
counts to have retained only one thousand men
under his command, and has by his own ac-
-Iwwledgmpnt keen denounced by the civil
and rn4ltary authorities, he had too deeply
committed himself to be able to retrace his
steps. He accordingly endeavoured by a letter
to QUIROGA, which only betrays his own fears
and embarrassments, to prevail upon the latter
General to relinquish that spirited and patriotic
course which he had adopted, on escaping out of
Mottst.Ln's hands, In his Proplawation to the
inhabitants, and to the troops of the Fourth
District, also, though he vilifies the French
and the adherents of the Faith, as welt as
the Cortes and the Constitutional authorities,
he either betrays the greatest indecision, or
hypocritically endearge rs to conceal and palliate
the grossness of his treason by professions of pa 7
triotism and of a desire► to aid in expelling the
foreign enemy. QUIROGA, on his part, is not
idle ; and has issued a vigorous proclamation
in which he accuses Monti.Lo of unparalleled
treason, and gives the necessary directions for
rallying the force of the province around the
standard of the Constitution, and for frustrating
the designs of the foreign and domestic enemies
of the country.
