VICARS, seconded by the Rev. Dr. PAI NE

Ist.—That this Meeting feels the deepest regret and disappointment
at the denial by Parliament of the Prayer of Petitioners from all parts
of the kingdom, for the full and unconditional emancipation of the
Prxdial Negro Apprentices in her Majesty's Colonies on the lit of
August next, and determine to persevere in its efforts for the imme-
diate extinction of the present system of Apprenticeship ; the more
so, as they cannot contemplate, without the most serious apprehen-
sions, the approaching period, when a numerous class, who have looked
for freedom, will find themselves deprived of it in consequence of
fraudulent registration.
It was also resolved unanimously, on the motion of Geonce Tnomps_os,
Esq., seconded by the Rev. PETER ANsTir,
2d. That the Colonial system of Apprenticeship having been de.
signed fer the benefit of the Negro, this meeting does not admit the ex-
istence of any contract or engagement, expressed or implied, which
would render immediate abolition a breach of national faith ; but even
admitting that the apprenticeship formed a part of the compensation to
the Planters, the conviction is irresistible, from official and other un-
doubted testimony, that, with a few honourable exceptions, the provi-
sions of the Abolition Act have been flagrantly and systematically
violated by the Planters and Colonial assemblies, and that therefore
the Negroes are entitled not only to immediate freedom, but to compen-
sation for the wrongs which have been inflicted upon them in defiance
of the imperial law.

It was further resolved unawimonsly on the motion of Mr. JOHN C.
SERCOMBE, seconded by the Rev. HENRY ACTON,
3d. That a Petition in accordance with the resolutions which have
now passed, be presented to each House of Parliament, to be signed by
the Right Worshipful the Mayor on behalf of this meeting, and that
the Petition now read be approved and adopted.
It was further resolved unanimously on the motion of HENRY SPARICES,
Esq., seconded by Mr. JOHN DYMOND, Jun.,
4th. That the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Exeter, be respectfully
requested to present the Petition to the House of Lords, and that the
Petition to the House of Commons be entrusted to Edward Divctt, Esq.,
M.P., and that they be requested to support the prayer thereof.

was further resolved unanimously on the motion of the Rev. NicsioLai
HELLINGS, seconded by Mr. KNOTT,
_ .

sth. That the warmest thanks of this meeting and of all the friends
of humanity and justice, are due to George Thompson, Esq , for his un-
ceasing exertions, in behalf of the negro race, not only in the British
Colonies, but wherever and by whom enslaved, and for his powerful ad-
vocacy of their undoubted right to immediate and unconditional freedom.
It was also further resolved unanimously on the motion of GBOHOE
THOMPSON, Esq., seconded by ILMEN GOLI WORTHY, Esq.,
Gth. That the cordial thanks of this meeting be given to the Right
Worshipful the Mayor of Exeter, for his ready compliance with the
wishes of the requisitionists in calling this meeting, and presiding over
the same. Also for the zeal and ability with which he has conducted
the business of the day, and for the warm interest he has uniformily
evinced In the cause of suffering humanity.

W. J. P. WILKINSON, Mayor.

AT a PUBLIC MEETING of the Friends of the
Immediate and Unconditional ABOLITION of NEGRO
APPRENTICESHIP in the British Colonies, held at the Town.hall,
Devenport, on Wednesday, the 2.d of May, 1838,
The Right Worshipful the MAYOR in the Chair,
It was moved by T. WooLcostint, Esq. ; seconded by the Rev. J. LUNEY,
and unanimously resolved,
1. That this Meeting, continuing to maintain that the system of
Slavery, under the specious name of Apprenticeship, is alike repugnant
to the principles of justice and humanity, as well as to those of the
laws of God, feels the deepest regret and the most pungent sorrow in
the defeat of Sir G. Strickland's motion, which had for its object the
Abolition of this nefarious system on the lit August next.
was moved by G. Tuompsow, Esq. ; seconded by the Rev. W. Moants,

and unanimously resolved,
2. That this Meeting, deprecating the sentiments of those Members
of the House of Commons who would make what are termed vested
rights in the lives and liberties of their fellow subjects to supersede the
plain and evident dictates of justice and equity, resolve never to relax
their most strenuous exertions till this iniquitous and oppressive system
shall be entirely abolished.
' was moved by J. REES, Esq. ; seconded by Mr. SLATER, and unani-

mously resolved,
3. That the following Petition, praying for the immediate and com-
plete emancipation of the Negroes in the British Colonies, be presented
to the House of Peers by Lord Brougham, and to the House of Corn.
mons by Dr. Lushington

" That your petitioners have learned with deep regret the result of
the late effort of Parliament fur the Abolition of Negro Apprenticeship.
" Your petitioners remain deeply impressed with the unalterable con-
viction, that the entire apprentice population are entitled to immediate
and complete emancipation.
" Your petitioners therefore earnestly pray your Honourable House
forthwith to adopt measures for the immediate extinction of the appren-
ticeship system in the British colonies.
" And your petitioners will ever pray,..
It was moved by the Rev. T. HORTON; seconded by Capt. OLDREY, R.N.,
and unanimously resolved,
4. The Marquis of Sligo having most nobly and generously declared
in his place in the House of Lords, on the 2211 March last, that under
all circumstances "He did not think this Legislature could safely
protract the apprenticeship system beyond theist of August, 1838.
and that whether the Bill, viz , Lord Brougham's, passed or not, there
should be no slavery on his estates in Jamaica after the Ist of Aug.
next; that, from that time he should have no claim upon the negroes,
but that the negroes should have every claim upon him for their past
services ; and, further, his Lordship's humane and just administration
of the Government of Jamaica having won the entire confidence of
the apprentices, and obtained for him the enviable title of the " poor
man's friend ;" this meeting begs, therefore, most respectfully to pre-
sent to the most noble the Marquis of Sligo their warmest thanks for
his conduct, and to express their opinion that his Lordship is entitled to
the gratitude of the enslaved, and the admiration of the friends of
freedom in every part of the world. And that the Right Worshipful
the Mayor be requested to sign this resolution on behalf of the meeting,
in order that it may be forwarded to his Lordship without delay.
It was moved by D. DERRY, Esq., seconded by W. CLARKS, Esq., and
unanimously resolved,
" That the cordial thanks of this meeting be given to G. Thompson,
Esq., for his attendance this morning, and for his most able and highly
satisfactory advocacy of the cause of the immediate emancipation o' the
negroes in the British Colonies."

It was moved by the Rev. T. WlLLcocics, seconded by Mr. J. ELMS, and
unanimously resolved,
" That the thanks of this meeting are due to the Worshipful the
Mayor for his impartial conduct in the Chair."

tiNIVERSITY COLLEGE HOSPITAL,
(LATE NORTH LONDON), ST. PANCR AS.
The ANNIVERSARY FESTIVAL will take place at the
Freemasons"favern, Great Queen-street, on Wednesday, May 23.
The Right Hon. the President, Lord BROUGHAM, in the Chair.
STEWARDS.
The Right Hon. the Earl of Lei- William Ewart, Esq.
cester. The Rev. Dr. Fellowes.
The Right Hon. Lord William Isaac Lyon Goldsmid, Esq.
Bentinck, M. P. Thomas Hewitt. Key, Esq.
The Right lion. Viscount Eb- Charles Knight, Esq.
rington, M.P. Mr. Alderman Lainson.
The Right Hon. Lord Teign- George Meek, Esq.
mouth, M.P. Augustus de Morgan, Esq.
The Right Hon. Sir J. B. Bosan- William Pegg, Esq.
quet. J. L. Prevost, Esq.
Sir Charles Lemon, Bart , M. P. Charles Summers, Esq.
The Hon. Sir George Rose John Taylor, Esq.
The Hon. W. TwisseltonFiennes Martin Thackery, Esq.
Sir George Carroll, William Took, Esq., ( Treasurer. )
Sir Moses Montefiore, Sheriffs. John Ward,
Esq.
George Bishop, Esq. Henry Waymouth, Esq.
Samuel Cooper, Esq. John Ashton Yates, Esq. M.P.
John Elliotson, M.D. G. A. Young, Esq.
Tickets, 21s. each, may be had of the Stewards; at the Tavern ;
and of the Secretary, at the Hospital. Dinner on Table at half-
past 5 for 6 precisely.
Subscriptions in aid of this Charity will be thankfully received by
the Treasurer, William Tooke, Esq., 39, Bedford row, or 12,
Russell-square ;by the Secretary ; and by the following bankers—
Messrs. C-outts and Co. ; Messrs Smith, Payne, and Smiths ;
Messrs. Scott, Dent, and Co. ; and the London and Westminster
Bank and Branches.
By order.
May 4, 1838.

WILLIAM LINTOT, Secretary.

TARESS COATS, cut iu the first style of Fashion,
3Os. ; superfine, 40s. to 50e. ; frock coats, silk facings,
:38s. and 475. ; ditto, silk velvet sollar and silk facings, SOs. ;
trou-
sers, 6s. 6(1. to Its. Od. ; buckskin, cloth, and kerseymere, 15s.
to 255. ; fkncy waistcoats, ss. 6d. to 12s. 6(1. ; rich silk ditto, cloth,
and kersymsre, 7s. to 12s. 6d. ; Petersham great. coats, 255. and
30s. ; pilot Coats,
dressing-gowns, 10s. 6d. ; boys' and youths' clothing, tunic dresses,
Ws., 215., and 30s. ; shooting jackets, 18s ;
30s. to 425. ; a suit of clothes for 21. 17s. ; superfine black 3/. 55..
ten doors
At FISHER and Co.'s, Tailors, 31, King William-street, City,
on-bridge.

LYAIE FTE6T§:i-DORSETSHIRE.
MESSRS. MURRAY, TATTERSALL, and
MURRAY, Will SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's
Coffee House, London, on AvE,,,:snAy,
the 6th day of June
Next, at Twelve o'clock at Noon
The Elegant FREEHOLD MANSION called HIGH CLIFF
[LOUSE, with Lawn, Plantations, Walled Garden, Icehouse,
Capital Four-stalled Stable, Double Coach-house, Servants' Room
above, and a Paddock of rich Meadow Land adjoining, containing,
in all, about five acres. The residence contains a Dining-room 28
fret by 19, Drawing-room 28 feet by 19, Breakfast Room 19 feet
by 164, and Library 19 feet by 16i (each I3i feet in height),
Seven best Bed-rooms, Nursery, Four Roomy Attics, Housekeepers'
Room, Butlers' Pantry, Kitchen, Scullery, Brewhouse, Laundry,
Wine and Beer Cellars (underground) and every other convenience.
There is on the premises a covered Tank, sufficiently large to con-
tain 400 hogsheads of rain water, besides a well of excellent spring
water. The Mansion is most delightfully situated close to the town
of Lyme Regis, on an eminence commanding extensive views
of the English Channel and the surrounding beautiful country, and
close to the Turnpike-road leading from Lyme to Sidmouth and
Exeter.

For Cards to view apply to Mr. England, at the Baths, Lyme
Regis; and for further particulars, to Messrs. Murray, Tattersall,
and Murray, Surveyors, Land Agents, and Auctioneers, 47, Par-
liament-street, London ;if by letter, post paid.

many of
„ .
5. That the effect of conducting the Coronation of Her Majesty on
the scale of grandeur formerly displayed, would be of the most benefi-
ac
si aal
tdee smc rei ir,et i oil onine alldi a branchesnoefe
tterda d ew andith tma
satneu
afancdt u
fashion,re, especially such
which are at the present moment in a state of considerable depression.
4. That with these impressions, this meeting experience great regret
at learning from authority that the Procession, and a great part of the
other ancient usages, are to he dispensed with on this occasion, thus
diminishing the proper splendour of the ceremony, and depriving the
various trades of the benefits which would otherwise result to them.
5. That an humble petition be presented to the Queen's Majesty,
praying that no curtailment may take place in the ancient forms ob-
served at the Coronations of the Sovereigns of England, and for such a
postponement of the ceremony as may give time to make adequate pre.
parations for it.

6. That a Committee be appointed to carry the foregoing resolutions
into effect, and that they be requested to make arrangements for such
Petition being presented, empowered to wait upon any department of
Government in furtherance of its prayer, and to take any other steps
calculated to promote the objects of this meeting.
7. That the cordial thanks of this meeting be presented to Mr. Alder-
man Copeland for his able, courteous, and impartial conduct in the
Chair.

8. That the foregoing resolutions be published in such Papers as the
Committee may direct.

H. T. COPELAND, Chairman.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, May 2d, 1838.
THE Principal OFFICERS of her MAJESTY'S
ORDNANCE, do hereby Give Notice, that a quantity of
Great Coats and Artillery Clothing, Slow Match, Old Serge and
Cuttings ; Cured Paper, Tanned Hides, Forage Cords, Old Wad-
miltilts, Tinned Copper, Drag Ropes, Mens' Harness, Hair Cloth,
Spunge Heads, Smiths' Bellows, Handscrews, Old Files, Hand
Hatchets, Hand Bills, Felling Axes, Barrows, Horse Shoes,
Priming Irons, Old Tools, Spunges, Wadhooks, Park Pickets,
Hand-crow-levers, Carts, Ulicels, Axletrees and Boxes, Stock
Bricks, Old Spokes, and Fire Wood, will be SOLD by PUBLIC
AUCTION in the Royal Arsenal Woolwich, on THURSDAY,
May 10th, 1838, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon precisely.
May be viewed from Ten to Four o'clock, three days previous to
the Sale.
Catalogues may be had at the Ordnance Office, Pall Mall, Tower
of London, and Royal Arsenal, Woolwich.
By Order of the Board,
R. BYHAM, Secretary.

IJULL, LINCOLN, and NOTTINGHAM
RAILWAY, via NEWARK, forming a direct line from
HULL to BIRMINGHAM, Wolverhampton, Worcester, Glou-
cester, Bristol, and Exeter, and also from HULL to LONDON.
Capital 750,0001. in shares of 501. each.
Deposit 10s. per share.
BANKERS.—Messrs. Prescott, Grote, and Co.
No further applications for shares can be received after the Bth of
May. In the meantime Maps and Prospectuses may he obtained
by applying to Williams and Bethel], 14, Lincolin's-inn-Fields.

NATIONAL LOAN FUND LIFE ASSUR-
ANCE SOCIETY.
69, CORNHILL, LONDON,
36, WESTMORELAND-STREET, DUBLIN ; 45, SOUTH
CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL;
And 26, CORN-STREET, BRISTOL.
Capital, 500,0001.
PAraox.—His Grace the DUKE of SOMERSET, F.R. S.
DIRECTORS.
T. LAMIE MURRAY, Esq., Chairman.
Col. Sir Burges Camac, K.C.S. George Lungley, Esq.
John Elliotson, M.D. F. R.S. Kenneth Mackenzie, Esq.
C. Farebrother, Esq., Ald. John Rawson, Esq.
IL Gordon, Esq. Joseph Thompson, Esq.
Robert Holland, Esq., M.P.
PHYSICIAN—J. Elliotson, M.D., F. R. S., 37, Conduit- street.
SURGEON—E. S. Symes, Esq., 38, Hill-street, Berkeley-square.
ACTUARY—'V. S. B. Woolhouse, Esq., F.H.A.S.
By the new principles of Life Assurance in this Society, amongst
other advantages the assured in this Society will enjoy the follow-
ing :

1. Moderate Rates of Premium consistent with security.
2. A Cash Credit on his Assurance to the extent of two-thirds
of the payments on his Policy or Deferred Annuity.
3. Two-thirds of the payments on elapsed Policies returnable at
death.

4. Two-thirds of the entire Profits and of the Guarantee Fund
divided annually.
5. Special 'forms on each Policy becoming a claim in favour of
the widow of the assured.
6. Females assured at one year less than their actual ages.
7. Facility in effecting assurances.
Detailed prospectuses of this Society may be had at the Offices,
or any of the agents.

F. FERGUSON CAMROUX, Sec.

HUNDREDS of THOUSANDS of POUNDS
of Sound Good TEAS of their kinds, in small chests and
61b. bags, for the convenience of Families and Taverns, at 35.,
3s 6d., 3s. 10d. per lb. In taxing their Teas at the high prices
that they perversely do merchants are surely mad!—East India Tea
Company, 9, Groat St. Helen's, Bishopsgate-street.
