STEAM.

GRAND EXCURSION toBOULOG NE,
calling off MARGATE and RAMSGATE.—The
fast and splendid STEAM PACKET, ROYAL ADE-
LAIDE, will leave the London Bridge New Steam Packet
Wharf on an EXCURSION to BOULOGNE, on Mon-
DAY, the 25th of June, at Eight o'clock in the Morning,
exact time, calling off Margate and Ramsgate, remaining
at Boulogne on the Tuesday, returning on Wednesday,
the 27th June, calling off Ramsgate and Margate, and ar-
riving in London before dark.
Fares from London to Boulogne, there and back 11. 10e.;
each person, either way 1/. ; each person from Margate or
Ramsgate to Boulogne 10s.
Tickets to be obtained and information had of Lewis
Gilsen, jun„ Secretary and Agent, 62, Lower Thames-
street, and on the above Wharf.

N.B. The Royal George or Royal William, the fastest
passel in the world, continues to leave the above Wharf,
for MARGATE, daily, at Nine o'clock, exact time,
Sundays excepted, returning at the same hour, until
further notice.--Passengers are requested to be on board a
quarter of an hour before the time of departure.

ST. ALBAN'S ABBEY.
AT a PUBLIC MEETING, held This
Day, June 13, 1832, at the THATCHED
HOUSE TAVERN, St. James's-street, for the purpose
of adopting measures for the preservation of this venerable
specimen of Ecclesiastical Architecture,
The LORD BISHOP of LONDON in the Chair,
The following sums were snbscribed :
The Lord Bishop of S. R. Solly, Esq 2O 0
„‘ London £2OO 0 George Smith, Esc! 5 0
Ihe Corporation of St. T. L. Donaldson, Esq lO 10
Alban's lOO OW. Etty, Esq., R. A...... 2 2
Lord Verulam 100 0 Rev. H. Butterfield
The Hon. Harriet Grim- L. N. Cottingham, Esq 2 2
,ston 100 OS. W. Henslow, Esq.... 2 2
Ihe Countess of Verulam 20 0 Rev. T. Halford 5 0
Archdeacon Watson 5O OJ. R. Baker, Esq lO 0
Joshua Watson, Esq 25 0 John Shhard, Esq 5 5
Sir J. Richardson 5 0 Rev. T. fl. Elwin 5 0
iArchdeacon Pott 50 0 R. H. &ally, Esq lO 0
T;PT. Vincent, Bart. M.P. 25 0 Mrs. Gape 2O 0
he G. Waddington lO OT. F. Gape, Esq 3O 0
Dean of Carlisle 2O 0 James Story, Esq 2O 0
. Marsden Esc]
John g'
curiin, Eig 5 0 Rev. W. S. Chalk 2 2
Rev. Dr. Morris (Elstre) 10 10 Rev. Marcus Southwell 10 0
Amth°nY Denny,Esq. Rev. H. Small (Rector) 20 0
(Elstre)
William n
Cotton, Esq tton,
Rev.
Hodgson 5 0
Subscriptions are received by the following Bankers :
Sir John Lubbock and Co. ; Messrs. Robarts, Curtis, and
Co. ; Hoare and Co., Fleet-street ; Drummonds; Call,
Marten, and Co. ; Praed and Co. ; Herries, Farquhar,
and Co. ; Sir Claude Scott and Co.; Ladbroke and Co. ;
Vern, Ward, and Co. ; and by Messrs. Rivingtons,
Booksellers, St. Paul's Churchyard ; Hatchard and Son,
Piccadilly ; Mr. Murray, Albemarle-street ; Mr. Sams,
St. Jamea's•street ; and Messrs. Harding and Lepard,
Pall•mall.

EARL GREY.
VOL. XIX. of THE MIRROR, with a
Steel-plate Portrait of the Right Hon. Earl
GREY, and a Biographical Memoir of his Lordship : up-
wards of Sixty Engravings, and 450 closely-printed pages,
is now publishing, price ss. 6d.
Parts 124 and 125, Bd. each, are also ready.
Vols. I. to XVIII. price in boards, 41. 180. 6d. ; half-
bound, 61. 6s.
J. Limbird, 143, Strand, and all Booksellers.

This day was published, price 144.
THE ANATOMY of the THYMUS
GLAND. With Plates.

. By Sir ASTLEY COOPER, Bart., F.R.S.,
Serjeant Surgeon to the King, Consulting Surgeon to

Guy's Hospital, &c. &c. -
By Longman and Co.
And of whom may be had, by the same Author,
HERNIA, DISLOCATIONS, DISEASES of the
BREAST and TESTIS.

Sln One Volume Bvo., price 12W. in boards,
ERMONS on the CHRISTIAN LIFE

and CHARACTER.
By ARTHUR B. EVANS D.D.,
Bead hlaster of Market B mwortli Free, Grammar School.
Printed for T. Cadell, Strand ; and W. Blackwood,
Edinburgh.
Of whom may be had, by the same Author,
1. SERMONS on the RELATIVE DUTIES of the
POOR. 12m0., 4s. in boards.
2. The LAYMAN'S TEST of the TRUE MINIS-
TER of the CHURCH of ENGLAND. 2s. 6d. in bds.
3. The PRESENT NATIONAL DELUSION, upon
WISDOM, POWER, and RICHES; considered in a
Sermon preached before the Sparkinghoe District Com-
mittees of the Society for Promoting Christian Know-
ledge, &c. &e. Is.

HOUSES
kEY TO BOTI-)F PA.RLIAMEI,4T, &c.
Early next week will he published, in a
thick vol. Svo, KEY TO BOTH HOUSES OF PAR-
LIAMENT; consisting of ALPHABETICAL
NOTICES of the LORDS and COMMONS of GREAT
11RITAIN and IRELAND; the Regulations and Stand
thg Orders of both Houses respecting Privileges, Private
ills, Fees, Fines, and Committees ; Lists of the Lords of
his Majesty's Privy Council, and of the Scottish and Irish
Nobility who do not sit in the House of Peers; with every
other species of information respecting the Constitution,
History, and Usages of Parliament.
Man Y circumstances have combined to delay the
Publication of this interesting volume until the present
time. The publishers are now happy to announce, that
persons who are desirous of obtaining a thorough know-
ledge of the British Constitution, and of the Practice of
Parliament in regard to the passing of Public and Private
as well as of the relationship and political connec-
nf
tions of the Peerage; and of the Representative History
the Counties, Cities, and Boroughs of England, Wales,
'Nland, and Ireland—have at staininglength an opportunity of
such an ample information on these several sub.
Z4lshed.
as has never been affunied by any work hitherto
:
°4(lon ; Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green, and Co.

Mr. CHANNELL stated that this was an action
brought to recover damages for the maintenance and
support given by the plaintiff to the defendant's
wife. This was a family dispute, as the plaintiff was
the father of Mrs. Woodley. The plaintiff held a
situation in Chelsea College, and the defendant was
blacksmith to the College. The defendant married
the plaintiff's daughter in 1828, and used his wife
ill, had beaten her in the most violent and shameful
manner, and infected her with a foul and loathsome
disease ; and on the 11th of June, last year, had
shut the door against her and her mother, and had
refused even to allow her to take her clothes. The
wife being thus shut out by her husband, naturally
went to reside with her father and mother, who
were entitled to compensation from the husband for
her lodging and maintenance.

James Anthony, an out-pensioner of Chelsea Hos-
pital, and a lodger in plaintiff's house, went on the
11th of June, last year, to the house of the defendant
with Mrs. Woodley and Mrs. Harris, in order to
bring away Mrs. Woodley's clothes ; defendant
turned them all out, and swore that he would not
admit wife or mother-in-law into his house. Kno%
Mrs. Woodley from a child ; she married defendant
four years ago, and was more like a servant in her
husband's house than a wife ; she slept every night
at her father's house from the 11th June till the ht
July ; never knew any bad conduct on her part ;
never saw her drunk.

Other witnesses were called, who proved that
Mrs. Woodley was residing at her father's house,
and that an allowance of 15s. per week would be a
reasonable compensation.
Mr. GODSON, for the defendant, would prove
that Mrs. Woodley was a most abandoned and pro-
fligate woman. The marriage, as the jury had
heard, took place in 1828, and then the defendant,
who was a blacksmith, residing near Chelsea College,
and in the immediate vicinity of the plaintiff's resi-
dence, thought that he might set up a small shop,
where his wife might sell snuff and tobacco. He
would prove that, in the husband's absence, the
wife became familiar with mountebanks and similar
characters; that she took them into the shop, and
went out with them ; that she frequently got
drunk. The consequence was that the husband was
obliged to give up the shop.
Harriet Morecroft had repeatedly seen Mrs.
Woodley drink after she went to take care of the
shop ; did not believe that she was sober three days
in the week ; her mother often brought her home

.Lord TENTERDEN—ReaIIy the only case is the
adultery.
Henry Dowse, of Queen-street, Pimlico, a car-
penter and joiner, in June or July last year saw some
mpuntebanks performing their tricks at a public-
house called the Orange, somewhere, as we under-
stood, about Chelsea Coffee-house; he saw Mrs.
Woodley and her mother at the public-house on
that evening; they were in the Concert-room, and
one of the mountebanks, of the name of Graham,
was singing; Mrs. Woodley appeared to be highly
pleased with the song, and beckoned to Graham,
who went up to the place where she and her mother
were sitting and drinking some half-and-half; she
offered some drink to Graham, and, soon after, went
out with him, desiring her mother to wait for her.
Edward Wayne, who took money at the Orange,
had the curiosity to go and see what Graham and
the woman were about, and caught them in the fact.
The plaintiff's Counsel thought he could not meet
this evidence.
Plaintiff Nonsuited.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, JUNE 22.

(Continued from The Sun of yesterday.)
CURIOUS CZAR GE OF SEDUCTION.

GILES V. GALE.

James Morris—Had known Giles and his wife
for seven years, and had gone in July last, in com-
pany with Giles and Smith, to the chambers of the
defendant to demand Mrs. Giles. Mr. Gale opened
the door, and said his name was Gale; when Giles
stept forward, and said, " I have come to demand
my wife ; I understand she's here." Gale said she
was not, and that he knew nothing about her, and
desired us to leave the office. Giles replied, he
heard she was, and that if she was given up peace-
ably and quietly, nothing more would be said, and
adding, that she was the main support of his family,
and that he had already lost two hundred pounds by
her absence. Gale refused further disclosure, but
closed the door.

James Hatfield—Had been at Gale's chambers in
July last, and saw Mrs. Giles in the back office-
room with him; but she went towards the bed-
room while he was taking some refreshment offered
by Gale, and Gale followed ; but (said Hatfield)
they were not more than five or ten minutes in the
bed-room together, and whether they were wash-
ing their hands, or doing any other business, I don't
know.—(Laughter.) He had brought a peace-
warrant against her husband from Worship-street,
and had brought them both together in a coach,
and they appeared to know each other well ; Gale
was with her, and heard Giles address her as Miss
Giles.

Cross-examined by Sergeant ANDREWS—What
did you say you brought against her husband ?
Witness—A peace•warrarit—( Great laughter.)

Sergeant ANDREWS—That will do.
Hannah Cole—Was the laundress of Gale, and
had repeatedly seen Mrs. Giles go to his chambers,
but had never seen any impropriety of conduct be-
tween them; she had dined with him one evening,
before she (witness) left his service; and a gentle-
man and another lady were present.
Cross-examined—You say that she dined at Mr.
Gale's chambers in his company, with another gen-
tleman and a lady ?—Witness—Yes, he did.
Sergeant ANDREWS—Did not Mr. Giles call at
your place at that time ? Witness—Yes, he did.
Sergeant ANDREWS --Did he seem to know that
Mrs. Giles had dined with Mr. Gale ?—Witness—
He did.

Sergeant ANDREWS—He told you the name of
:he lady ?—Witness—He did.

Sergeant ANDREWS—Did he tell you any thing
else ?—Witness--He did, he told me he had been
looking for her.

Sergeant ANDREWS—Yes, but did he tell you anv
thing about the dinner ?—Yes, he told me that there
was lamb and pease, and potatoes for dinner.

Sergeant ANDREWS—And was not that actually
the case ?—Yes, it was.
Sergeant ANDREWS—Did he not mention the
names of those who were at dinner ?—Witness—
Yes, he did.
Charles Brookes—ls a policeman, and had come
to the assistance of Giles in July last, when he
wanted to apprehend his wife, then in company with
Mr. Gale, coming out from the Inner Temple;
Gale would not part with her, and she would not go
with Giles; the two gentlemen, therefore, accom-
panied her to the station-house in a coach ; Giles
endeavoured to force her away voluntarily by com-
pulsion, but this did not please the lady or Gale ;
Giles accused Gale of criminal conq,exion with his
wife ; Gale responded that he had done so 50 times,
and would again
as often as he pleased; Giles told
him he ought to be ashamed of himself, and again
wished to take away his wife.
Sergeant ANDREWS—Was Mrs. Giles willing to
go with him? Witness—No; she said she was
afraid then to go home with him.
Sergeant A;vDttulri—Diti she not say that lie liAd

Mr. HOLT protested against such an inference;
for Giles had been at her room to learn the particu-
lars, and was making his inquiries in tears.
Mr. Sergeant .A.NDREws would not willingly rake
such a mass of moral delinquency from its corruption
unnecessarily. But if it was not already proved
that the husband was in collusion with the wife,
and not only knew of, but permitted, nay insisted
on her prostitution for his own profits, he had nu-
merous witnesses, companions of her paths and her
pleasures, that would leave the question undoubted•
His LORDSHIP said that no husband could bring
an action for seduction, when he himself was in col-
lusion with that seduction. If a husband permit the
prostitution of his wife, he has no remedy by law.
The Jury were beginning to consult, when said
Mr. HOLT—My Lord, I'll be nonsuited.
CHIEF JUSTICE—Then, gentlemen of the Jury,
you are released from giving any verdict.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

A melancholy instance of the effects of a Catho-
lic marriage in this country was brought to the no-
notice of the LORD MAYOR, in the Justice-room.
Mary Ann Sutherland, a woman of respectable
appearance, but in the most deplorable state of po-
verty, was brought, with her three children, before
his Lordship by an officer, who found them in the
street, evidently in want of food. The mother did
not beg, but the unaffected picture of misfortune
which she presented gathered a crowd about her,
and a few halfpence were given to the famishing
children. She stated to the Lord Mayor that she
had been married twice, in the Catholic church, to
Angus Sutherland, who was discharged about seven
years ago from' the 12th Lancers, and lately com-
muted his pension, with the view of going to Mont-
real. They were to have sailed from Leith about
six or seven weeks ago, but her husband got drunk
and lost his passage. He had received 251. at the
War-office, and was to receive 91. more, and he left
her at Edinburgh, having appointed to meet her at
Carlisle. She sought for him in vain there and
at other places, and was now totally destitute.—
As her husband was born at Chatham, she applied
for relief at that place, but she was told that she
was no wife, and that her children were illegitimate;
and as she was herself a native of St. Domingo, she
had no claim any where. One of her infants was
born at Edinburgh, and, of course, has no parish;
and the other two were born at distant parts of the
country, so that her unfortunate marriage in the
Catholic church has ruined all her hopes.
The LORD MAYOR asked her whether her hus-
band availed himself of the law upon the subject,
and denied that she was his wife?

The poor woman replied, that he never had ill-
treated her, or denied his obligation to her. He was
unhappily given to drinking, however, as was the
Priest who had married them, upon the assurance
on his part that the ceremony was as binding as a
Church of England union, and who had, in fact,
been excommunicated for showing an excessive
fondness for strong liquors.
The LORD MAYOR said, that he did not know of
any fund except that of private charity to which the
applicant could have recourse.

The applicant asked whether the persons to
whom she might go for assistance had any right to
say that she was a prostitute ? She was Dever
away from her husband until he unfortunately got
drunk, and spent his money, and she now had the
misery of seeing her poor children without food,
and of being convinced that her own life was nearly
at an end. Her appearance fully corresponded with
her opinion of her health.
The LORD MAYOR said the case was one which
might reach the ears of some Irish Members of Par-
liament who were now in town. His Lordship
then directed Mr. Teague, the Keeper of Giltspur-
street Compter, to take care of the wretched family
for a few days.
The whole company of Russian musicians applied
to the Lord Mayor in the course of the day, in con-
sequence of the Russian Consul's refusing to give
them up their horns without their consent to con-
ditions with which they did not think it possible
for them to comply. Mr. Benkhausen now thought
proper to demand 401. instead of 141., and they were
advised by Englishmen not to agree to any terms of
the kind. If their instruments were given up to
them, they would engage to pay any reasonable sum
which might be demanded of them, but they never
go back to Russia again.
The LORD MAYOR sent his compliments to the
Russian Consul, with a request that that gentleman
would call upon him, :informing him at the same
time that twenty-one of his countrymen were wait-
ing upon his decision. The Consul, however, did
not make his appearance. His Lordship asked
whether the Russiar► merchants in London would
not advocate their case ?

It was stated that the Russian merchants would
very willingly interfere, if it were not a matter of
great delicacy for them to appear in an affair of
the kind, there being a very manifest disposition
upon the part of the authorities resident in this
country to prevent them from staying here longer.
The men, it was also said, had been turned out of
their lodgings, their landlord having seen that their
Consul had refused to give up their instruments,
and the former had not been able to support so
many upon a long credit.
His LORDSHIP then gave the men a shilling each,
and desired them to come up on a future day, at the
same time stating that Mr. Hobler would receive
any contributions for their service, so that an oppor-
tunity might be afforded them of making their elec-
tion between abject slavery in Russia and freedom
in this country.
Mr. Barrett, the Governor of \Vhitecross-street
prison, being at the Justice-room upon business,
mentioned to the Lord Mayor a circumstance on
which he requested his Lordship's advice and as-
sistance. An aged woman, the grandmother of a
celebrated female vocalist at one of the theatres, had
for upwards of eight years been an inmate of the
prison, and had been maintained at the expense of
the city and her fellow-prisoners, upon whom she
formerly attended. She was now, and had long been,
in consequence of an accident, confined to her bed,
and it had been necessary to employ a person to
wait upon her, as she was completely helpless. Va-
rious attempts had been made to get her out of
prison by the Sheriff and others, but in vain. Her
relations, who were well able to support her, ap-
peared to think it desirable that she should remain
where she was, a burden to the city, and not only
never sent her supplies, but never even visited her.
The LORD MAYOR did ❑ot know of any other
means of saving the poor old woman or the city of
London in this case, than that of submitting the
case to the managers of the theatre, or the master of
the fund, who, probably, would obtain the assistance
of the dramatic fraternity.

WORSHIP- STREET.
Thomas Troyer, alias Greenwood Haylett , an
Irishman, was charged with having deserted sixteen
years ago from the 80th Regiment of Foot. The.
charge having been made by a policeman, decent-
looking woman, about forty, stepped forward, and
said that she had six children by a person with
whom she cohabited fourteen years, and who had

put her into a comfortable way of business; she
was as happy as she could wish, till eighteen month-
ago, when a neighbour told her there was a fortune-
teller in High-street, Mile-end, who could tell for.
tunes wonderfully; she had an itching to see him,
and to know if she should have a husband, and she
went to his house, when "the wise man" said that
her happy days were all before her, and that she
would marry a fair-haired man, named Troyer. In
a week after the prisoner came to her house, and
said his name was Troyer, and made love to her.
He said " she was not a giggling girl, and he was
riot a foolish boy, and therefore their courtship
should be very short." Soon after they were mar-
mried ; arid the prisoner, on becoming master of the
house, acted very profligately, and spent her money,
and sold all her furniture. She had ascertained that
he had a first wife living, and indeed he had often
admitted the fact, as well as the circumstance of his
being a deserter, of which she had given informa-
tion to a policeman:

The Magistrate then remanded the prisoner upon
the charge of bigamy, until next Tuesday.

UNION-HALL.

Yesterday a respectable looking man, named
Phillips, presented himself before the Magistrates,
and applied for a warrant against a Mr. Stiff; for
obtaining money under false pretences.
The applicant said Mr. stiff gained a livelihood
by astrology, and as lie cast nativities with great
accuracy, and was considered the first man in the
land at the science, his place was constantly crowded
by young and old. Some time ago he lost a valu-
able book, and hearing of Mr. Stiff's skill, he went
to him, and asked him to point out the thief. The
astrologer had recourse to several books, and after
some apparent study, he exclaimed, " I have it ;"
upon which he proceeded to describe, with admir-
able minuteness, the features, figure, and dress of a
female, to whom applicant was paying his addresses,
adding, that he might rest assured that the person
so described was the thief who had robbed him of
his book. The applicant added, that the descrip-
tion agreed so accurately in all respects with the
young lady he at one time loved sincerely, that from
the day he first consulted Mr. Stiff on the subject,
he had broken off all acquaintance with her, under
the full persuasion that she was the thief.

The Magistrates could scarcely refrain from loud
laughter at the credulity evinced by the applicant
on the occasion of his visit to the " Wise Man,"
the appellation he went by i►► the neighbourhood
where he resided.

Mr. CHAMBERS inquired if the applicant had paid
Mr. Stiff any money for the information he had
given him about the book ? The reply was in the
affirmative, the applicant saying, that in consequence
of the theft being thus detected in so extraordinary
a manner, he had given Mr. Stiff the sum of 101. to
teach him the art of divination, or telling fortunes
by the planets.

Mr. CHAMBERS asked whether the book stolen
from him was found in the possession of the female
whom he was courting subsequently to the prophecy
of Mr. Stiff?—The applicant said, that he was so
convinced that she was the thief upon hearing Mr.
Stiff pronounce the fact, that he discarded her from
that moment, not feeling inclined to proceed crimi-
nally against her.

The Magistrate said that he had acted with great
folly in the business, to suffer the reputation of a
female, to whom he admitted he was attached, to he
injured by the information he derived from a fortune.
teller. The Magistrate then asked the applicant
whether he had been taught astrology, agreeably to
Mr. Stiff's promise ?—The applicant said, that as
soon as Mr. Stiff got the money into his hands, he
merely gave him two or three old nativities and
some books about the planets, saying that if he
studied them well for a few days, he would be well
versed in astrology. He did study, but left off as
wise as he began; and although he applied for his
money back, it was refused.
The Magistrate said, that as the applicant had
given money for the purpose of having his fortune
told, a warrant should be issued against Stiff, who
would be dealt with under the Vagrant Act.
Yesterdy a female going by the assumed name'of
Lady Elizabeth Carey, and pretending to be
heiress to a large fortune, was brought up on the
following charge :

Mr. Collins, of Prospect-place, Camberwell, said
that ten days ago the prisoner called at his house,
described herself as a lady of title, and said she had
come up to town in consequence of an important
t rial ; she moved in the first circles, but had not
brought her servants up from the country, as she
should not stay a long time in town. Mr. Collins
taken in by her specious address, allowed her to take
Possession of his ready-furnished lodgings, and
agreed to supply her with board. In a day's time
she wrote several notes addressed to the Duke of
Gloucester, Lord Palmerston, Prince Esterhazy
and others, which she got Mr. Collins to put into
the twopenny-post. Mr. Collins daily expected
some dashing equipages belonging to her friends to
drive up to the door, but none came, and " the lady"
said she supposed her letters had miscarried. She
then got Mr. Collins to hire a glass coach for her,
and she was absent eight or nine hours, calling at
the houses of the Nobility, but none would grant
her an interview. After stopping at Mr. Collins's
house ten days, he pressed her for money, and she
said she would go to Mr. Mellish, her banker. She
then went out, but never returned. Mr. Collins
met her that day in the Kent-road, and gave her
into custody. She was a common impostor, and
had defrauded several lodging-house-keepers.
The prisoner talked very big, and said she would
bring an action for false imprisonment, even if it
cost her 20,0001.

The MAGISTRATES regretted they couldinot punish
her, as the case was one of debt. It was stated
that she lately absconded from a boarding-house at
Kennington, where she had lived sumptuously for
three months.
