c rOTth .

Sitiee 4 for txan•iintlion the Gottti • • • ,
kaSyojtfr. c
,A h
10 thscoverie 11,04 Ft,ceraille!l
ilt ,'tit; it'a2.goit .1114 n w)telym the AV:,:;.,.;)s'sp!,c,e
d' i3''linctt 'from 14 111 the lior!,e• Cert., rOwfby ,
ilittper aod enot her ,i,an not' in costoily, Lott
soitpoied to be l'iii&sti!tin ~i• 3roinigl
\vas rtrwell to b•dliorn, al the end Of chu4ti-
ce,.);_bine hatmer We're
hronght and itheeci iti to%-±t-ed by Eal+tirk t,
The driver wits ttsti,d to IVt! ii a iri,colottreil
Pri.,•too, hut he ectw,e,l, ()ir"
ivett hiz.te 5.1).1-fields, eri,tvit colkctett :tild took
the hatoieri tl,ll. Tilt• ;;oil beivg drawn acroos
the path iii ilie fiLl,l4; the hol-e; wt.re reito•ved.,
trep,trtafe:of the illation% and the othett
who I,,,d,,ecitined the 'veltide dtiriog the speeelie.i.
outlet the blanket found i tip toot Of a goek-
itig'Ailled with masket.balls, and it 'canister of
gun-pander. These things are in the posseisiort
of the't,orti ikfayor,
SF:CONti EXAMINATION.
SaturititY.being the Oay appointed for the second
examination of the Persons in ellstOtly, on charges
of being construed in the late riots, the Mansion-
'loose 'was crowded with "'he curious at an Carly

iour.

. .
,Yootto sOc.".—On Friday evening, the Lord
Mayor received many cotimninicatifins eOp.
p• ,•
osed trarEes,of this young man, some of tivniclr
were evidently idle inventions: That which had
. .
the greatest appeal-atter of anthem lefty, but which
is believed to oirtake of thelite character, is tio
follows
Luau,..f have just returned to town, after-leaving.'
my cousin, yoistig. Wakant; for the present, in a place of
sattty, Wheie he onto elude the ottoost yigilanee of hisi. pior-
!suers. .floWeve.r, airy' Lord; it Is his wish to surrender him-
self into the toads of your Lordship; nc those of his Majeity's
tiee'retary of State, proviacti your tordithipt sot the part allots
Government, or in an ostensible manlier, will undertake to
put into the hands of Air,. Watson, the mother, or'any branch
of the: family', the reward offered 'for his apprehension ; •and
also
tkthett:yrft? liher:ste from custody his innocent father.
At the sit hip time he wishes' your Lordship to be informed,
that Hewitt :fie able to prove that he is not tleserrit% of the
irolrutritiotnef shoutihg Mr. Platt; hut Ituriiit.fully conoideleit
his errors, onike discoveries worth the attention of
his Majebty's (iiivetilineist. Should your Lorestiip ttt
-proper to 'attend to this letter (the froth of L
stop may rely on), you 'will notice it id the 21/ornioir P,st
of to-morrow morning, when forther•eunnuutication wi:l tie
made to your Lordship." The signature use J. W.
The tollowingjtrtiele silt rts on Friday
night ; hot from ite not being ditly.atithentica.ed
I
we. took no notice of t. It 11.15, I,o'ever, s,nett
appeared in several other Vapers, and we (hete•
foie deem it necessary to give it insertion, thott4h
Ave•ionl iitii-versally considered, wliat in the first-
inik:atte.ty ottistispected_it to' he, A mere idle in..
vetstmli siwres, • • •
• " tkvir, has been.rceeired from a pot) in stating himself
Iola? cif )inn g w.amp), which *he says he ha*
lett'yrittuz Watson iii a plaee cif safety, lint 'that that viininc
man ~A'Oithl 4iNe; ttim,elf ty,to Ills Lortl.hilepr NlAlc,ty's
Setiret.tity i.f 51.41 V, rcoritk.l it it•ia uoder Aro to giro the
rewardolfere4l- ,for l,it oppi rhon,i.ei to Mr. WatiLow, ltd
AtotAtliti4 that if this wu: dime; yuult4 WittNott waahr pro VC
that. lie. shot NI r,'l";•itt, ,toil go I` iii f,q111361,111,,, Ort
Ifir at t V 11,1.11 of 11) ,o4,clitioti, it stal,ll that
if the turd, ii true w,etitti shit 11,7 later

Other letters :were received by his Lordship,
aniong.tehielt was (me from the AJayor eat
which neseribes two wets who' li.id beet) Watt!lied
entleavourivig:- to. get A aitssat;e
„II:01%13%14;h ;
but who, • aseettaitting the tact of their being. no-
ticed, went elsewhere, and got on boaril.a. vessel
bound for lireinetiptiorn whence they were to. go
litimborgli..
There was also a letter in a 'feigned ,itantl.,in
Fletteli,..signed by a " Voyageur." at \Vitt-
chester, stating, that thaingitiee had. gotte,in
packet .to litterusey. This, however came by
the three-penny po,t, stint was evidently the. rico-
duction Lipiettt yotithin the outskirts of
the to,,tvp; :,',11.114.• others, which. were ortitteroos,
ire littwillpty•lif notice,-eicein to .remark that
the %vriiet!s'wonld.sliew their good setsst: he de-,
voting their rope tit%);.e profitably_--7(.,11,r0, Eyes )
TII Siii;it ETA it lltontas Prftton,the secre-
tary, %vas then pia ta.tlie bar, and evidence heard
.gainSl . • " ' •
Mt.. Thomas .Qrrtives, of .No. 43, Cow-eroSs.
(ti.ppwil ktinsr, Ifni Preston, and
iimmi,wll hint for' In years.. -.1 kell'4.6itker's
shop at cow..ertesi. Ott -Nlontla-y, the 2tl of De-
teottier, 1 was at Work ttp.-stair, brit was called
+tcskVii by ow J;ialarm, 'and
watitrtl tag ,tott,issist in rettineing,t4te things %%hich
weriut 't lie d,opr, lest Abe). should ite broken. I
.14e1111, i•NA4l,rAining, kind -endeavoured to get..io
the thing,. .Tiiis iNv'e[re L
received tio front lJte crowd „.wliielt Wen
p.t,„svtl. I‘"licti the rnob went by ,a Hide way, I
',acv 1X r. Preston, theitrisotterat the liar.; he w.ta'
antotl.the mob Par: god's sake take
its ytiar things, there will be dreadful
woilt," lam not certain as.Ttr the..wortit it was
dreadful or Woody. work..., 1.10 did ;tot enote into
the shop, hitt..went by ;. Ire, wet abotH the middle
of the limb. lie is n. 'ante MC), 'AIM', was mio'r tittle
to wells as fait as those thatt were before him.. •
Time flag 11:211 its this tittle passed. on. Cft,tlil not'
say' ilitreOlour of tint flag.. 'niece %vas sonic white
in colour produced might be it, hot
could not say. with certainty ;-.11 was some yards
from' hint before lie sow it, Mr. rrettott
on tire pavement, but the toob wls there ,
4,, The Loari MAyott now addressed Mr... Preston,
and asked hint it he had_Atity thing to soy, or ask
ritiS vitittle3s.
- - The'Prisotter.--Yes, my. Lord, I,shall beg leepe
to ask hint u few fittestions ; but I Silliit'itst take
tht,tilierty a few words. ,Nly suotivetin
fining" it this, j,.„(rlien I was indulged at tkry lost
examittation' to. .address yon, asy
liiitirl wriii •tint :CONTRA iii, 140 WU*
11+7t nlitself ;. I 1)0w elA'ut it further, intimmigemmes.*,
being flisimotted to,give.sit time infortwiliott to toy
wiiielwv:ll set at rett a great trimly of die
cl"tibig wbicit stiem-tri it,tve 1104_t.01710ittl. If
there art any repiirters: in the room, I itgpm: fifty
within i4fmake'ht.' retwirks 1 ),slut to smmiimuil.
1 4tf,LotiD •Ah'vrit4,--1 yomi lit Rot
P,tl‘. viol like as to the facts which

.
bcrik proved nut
The I"riiffitut,-1 tholik vim, ttiy TAfflit: I fiti4l
tli4t when kri: are ailicti...d.with any tnaladv, the
hvst ettlir,e to I.ltvcis to spply the aiiiitanea
fit Y ikjittsl plikski,l4l; ii:Je96 1114 is (lone we most
fof reci.vvrs. -three *iu nor emit,-
try wa% groatiitig the weight of a fatal nt .
lady, cwt aiiiieted with a &state
thftatened mutt dreadful consequences.

. .
.
biol the aoshltion forp,foravarn it/t the poysteitos
" • -••
ttt my country to theliest of My humble al!ilities.
Kitt 1 11% y4!.tt to, u nderStand'tliat I am cblinected
icing-l;:iirers. lam not a map . :vho Is-
ttiend to Ctittitut• ttiroats in artier to re).iev
pro file. 101.1 110 ,ant standing
,as determined reformist, in ConSeipence
o' the afflicted 'state of
,'my country ; rind every
thlulcing 111411 Oltlst fdllow my example; when he
tees his• telluw-ereutui'es perishing by thousands
ts, d t*'nof thiios:OillitillHWltiirts of the country.
I:lie Loop Mayou.--44liese remarks arc tint.
cotmected with your Ois.e AT all.
•
The Prisoiter;-4 your Lordship fill. your
indidgeoCe r c',.ine home to the subject.
The Loan NI ;ire telling me that
of which yiiitydAii•-ietrittii forot no indgineht.
Thc Pt tsoner....:4‘teill inove to deinthistration
what I say, if I ad% heard.
`I he
,Lotio MaVOit:—Yon have no person who
can ,prove. these facti. .
The Prkoner.--I will give two
,or three cases
In point, which 1 Ire,.; to subMit to thecousidera44
tiim of the Court. A wonuip named Howard,
ultOfe littrhand Was at coppennnith bytrade,
worked with. Mr. Pontifex in Shoe-lane,'hut w.as
• discharged in consequence of that gortleinan hav-
ing failed, was obliged to sell all her little pro-
perty to support her numerous At I,sst,
however, this was exhausted t she then niatie'up-
p,licalion to St. George's parish.
the Lonn MAYOR —This can; have nothing
to
dit,'vssith your case. I ant quite e*Ware that great
distieises have einited., but Otte 'Are' uotie of those,-
c ties wirltotit a remedy.
The Piisuner.-1 will come then to the pnipt.
wises to submit to your consideration that l am
willing to take upon myself the blanie,of all the
injury and all the Mischief that have beets cow,- •
Pitted. I ant as independent as any man ; I risk,
no particular favour. 1 wish to exhibit the nso-t
generous sentiments upon the prettent'oceasion.--
There ate no plots of which I have'altio'wledge;
there are no conspiracies, except. athopg them
who have cootribut edit) the distresses which ive
deplinze. I rest my ease on its own brills. owl
st;elt cOmtort alarm from that great God, who is
alike the. father of us all. Those only fear %vim
have plaindered the people. .Therc•is no ent;bpi-
ra.cy except among that-oligr.reltrisy whom the
Col►►itiy Into been oppressed; 1 lave lin enmity
to the :Gotermilent, neither' have 1 any hostility
toward.: the lloose• of Bronstvick on the' con-
wit y. i say, they ought to he outwitted by every
frieutl to England. 1 thought this proper op-
portooiry 'to make 'these Temarks. 1 thank your
Lordship for the patience with which. !,,ou have,
heard ine ; and when your Lordship is disrobed
flout the robes of Office which you now. wear. I'
• hope yon'will.he robed in the everlasting mantle
of justice berealter.
• The liinanMoina.—You do not deny, of course,
heing in St. John-crew: This' fact appears from,
the-evideocc lie`ore
The pi I tner.—My Lord, that evitietieeh"l"
• relied that 1 COritioeted inyfielt 01litqw4e than ill
- it peaceable manner, and like a good citizen. ..No
than can say :1 acivited my conotrymen to do aitto Of
violence ; I went to entreat them to retort) to their
duty ; that was not the way to get reformation.
That I had hot the power to.pertuatle them 1 have
to lictelit.
`Francis Kinnersley ean.posil ely
dielarc 1 saw- the prisoner at Mr. kiarnfield's door,
• at the corner of Aidgote, in the Dlinories. 1‘ was
shout a quarter before three.
The Prisnotr.-I.wish.you to be correct as to
Itte. *time. •
Witness.- •I eta, sure it was at a quarter before
• three.
The Prisoner.---. 1 wish to ask this man some
luestions, because he prevaricator'.
The Loan Movoit.N-Yon Shall have all Oppor-
tunity when helms. given his tearinlanY4
Will-wig, ha rontintiatiott.—The prisoner wet
stsioling among the mob,. by the dgor-way if the
!loose. Not in the door-way. lie wartioing no-
- thing. particular at the time. The mob was hiss-
ing and hooting the soldiers. Ile did not do in.
Cross-e'vroilietf by she Priscuret,—Q. I.was
go
tug to ask whether you recollect seeing. rne Oa-
the peopleA I did not not ice, The mob
was ap great that I begged of theLire-Piiiir.cli to
onitv'e thew They then ,threteapway.:thuir
pod rao up the coons anti by.streets, ;, •
IVlmr tuothe hat! you .for .partieularlY.notic.
ing use ?—A. Became 1 saw you moving about iii
dilfervot places.
Q, pia you see that I.wa4 lame I bad
71110111.1O'lee; I did tint Mc you after, the tOnbirail*
Ilittrerited,
• The Prisoner.—l will admit I was down in the
alley the guards had dispersed the mob,
brit I did n,ot go among 'theta to jOill.itt tilt*
, . ••• .
• The ~ f.,4.0tt0 Morott.--.This is one of the,cases
which:4oloa stand.over, foe the present for further
'deltas; The:only alsatge. againtit.bim, except Irani
bispown odinission,,isi simply being with the mob.
11* is notproved_to have had .any arins..or to have
taken any direct .part in :he riots.. I must remand
you, Prt %ton, tin I have some flintier time t'ti con.
&Wei* your case. You ore at liberty..howevar,' to
• send for whom you like to dos Cotaptee.
Prisimee.-1 have acted to the best or my,
ability, arid I seek Only the approbation of my
couotrymen.: You may take it,month to enme,to
impeach my character if ,you like.' butt you
fiud no more than what I have stated-- namely,
that I swore forward hi &Witte of my starving
cottony. My agents WV out now .taking signa-
tures .in all parts of the country •for the spekific
purpose reformation. There is nothing .of
plots, nothing of plunder in my plane.
I call
upon any body else present to accuse we with
:Uther Sentiments.
:The Lotto MA r0n.....1 would advise you not to
`-eorninit yourself. Rut yon recollatt ytin,adsnit.
ted the fact of your being in the waggon in Spa.
fields. •
The• Pristiner.---1 admit it----1 Retrained it to
-.,
your Lordship before. way in the-wogginil but
went for the specific purpose' of calling my
countrymen -not to be niisl•
The LOtttt MAYOII,r-OU know that personis
went Own your house, tit be present is the

waggon.
Pcisfmer.--Ac.to .myself, 1 know 1.(11(1
bac 1 low*, nntkiitg.ol; any otlicr 11)%1U as tuck

cannot Say any 'thing. Yon might as we
tempt to know the pe•Ople in the planet Jupiter, as
to know who were my• friends. 1 was with my
Committet, and.titrone else.
The Loan MAvoa.---1 wish you to say -nothing
which °does not regard yourself. Yon were in the
Waggon when piling :Watson calltitrOn tit:' eople
to follow him to the commission of. the outrages
which afterwards took place ; and itr consequence
of that inflammatory sp:ech, you were seen get-
ting down from the waggon with others ; that
waggon: Was hired by a pertrint twin went from
your briuse. I,think we• had better take the evi.
dance of Mt... Preston being in the waggon.
The Prisoner.—You may Satre yotirself the
hle, for I admit it : but I repeat, I did not go
there to join in: the riot, but to protest again!
the rashness whick-took place.
Mr. IThwling examined.---1 was in the' crowd
in. Spa-fields. 1 heard the speech delivered by the
Watsons.• At the conclusion of young Vatson's
speech, -I saw the prisoner on or in the waggon..
All the .persons 'who were there jumped down
'with Watson. IVimess having spoken iu rather
a low tone,
,The prisoner said—lf he is an Fingli,slanon
him speak up. This is nor Court of Justice:
The' LORD. MaYOU Ile says he saw you.in the
waggon while young Watson was speaking.
The prisoner.-,--I was not in the waggon ;it
was too •full for me to get in ; but I got 'up to
address the people, to do otway the impression,of
'the 'speeches they had heard. lie,,n4ty have mi
blond if he likes.
Dowling.—l not, mean to Say he was la.
the waggon during the whole of the Iwo.Wat-
sorse speeches. I did not gee him till the conclu-
sion of the ,last speech ; he then jumped clown
with 'the rest 'of the crowd.. I saw,no more of
tt., i remained .at little behind the thickest part,
the crowd, and did not sec hint return towards

tt•;

the waggon..
'lke Prisoner.--I admit I was in the waggon,
and with the crowd, 'whom I Wished •to advise.—
Remanded.
I fig TURASUREL—fIooper, the Treasurer, was
,
next eficam ,iurd. Dave nothing: DOW •to ,said .to.
what.l told,your Lordship. , it powder and bul-
lets were. ut in.to the,waggon, it was without toy
knowledge,
The Loup. AlkYott—Yint do. lint deny hiring
the waggon No v. I do hot.
,9, ,‘Yho went, wjtit y,nt ttb hire it ?—A. It was.
a stratteer, whose name I did not know.
Q: Describe the.drescl of that perion.—A..
He
wcli eathec,tali, ahout,irty own size. He wore a
brown great coat, pantaloons, !old
,hessian boots
rather outlier than nie ; abort Di years of age.
Q. How was.: his hair in front I—A'. 1 don't
know, for I did not see him %vitt') his hat off.
Q. Did he wear his ownitair ?—A. Yes, I have.
no doubt he did, .
A Gentleman present 'said, " That is the de-
seription t,t the.matf 1 saw partienlarlractiVe ib
the City.'
There being no other evidence against theTri-
soner,-he was renicluded till Wetinesolay%
Tatt Itto'rgas.—J. Cartei isms then brought

up.
Mr. HARMER attended as his solicitor, and noi.
ea if .he could ;Int be admitted to hail ? ,
The MA,i(gt; hokv'evers said he must take_
further time to consider of his east!'; and Ike WAS
. . .
retlimilded tin Wednesday.
R; Simmotis was likewise ;brought up.
The.LOttl) MAY(ilt observed, that little PPUId
be made of this tnatO case, as the sworik_witicp
had been taken from hint could Mit be identified
had the sword been identified and swan .to
by
Mr. Potts, Mr. Rae, or Mr. lleckstrith, he should
have:committed him for .the Nloily. At friOgitt
be was charged with being concerned ift,tbe.riot.
Remanded.
J. Cashman was also brought tip : no fresh evi.
derice 'WAS adduced againSt hiht.
The LoRD lklAYna 'sahl, he should certainly
commit hint for the felony itt Mr: licchWith's
The.wittresse,s not 1)64 in attetithtOce to be bomiltl
over, t hitt prisoiler Was.olsr.rtniawleit,
Richard Gmaktle %Vas lastly put 16 the bar.- —The
LOUD MAYOR Sighificii the saute intention with
regard to him as the last' prisoner ; but , for the
same reason,..naniely, the Abletlee of 1114 wit.
flosses, "reenancled
Thus ended the er.atdinatinn.

iVutson bat not been
extireinedUt this (Mee, or atAkie Secretary of
State's Ottice„o.sinte the (by utter he bad been ap-
prehended at Highgate ; his further investigation
airtrits the apprehension ut his snit, of tstrieti
anthentic intOrmatiort 1111(1 been received last
night.
No letter was received' on Saturday inotising.
from Mr. tVonitier, •who bus been ilispatelted
up-
otr, print itsforination in search of young Watson.
uls WAS bum ly expected in town, .in ..eonscliience
of a letter yet:rived front hint on Vritlay,
thrit he was within two miles .of the fugitive,
and vas sure it WAS Ole right wan. • • ,
'lime LORD MAYOU uu .Saturday night redefted.
a letter, of which ibe lolluiving is a •
Ale Loon,—On the 'l4th inst., at about IC el.- a 4,4 I blvvo
pet mot, aniwering the description given 'at WAtioit, jun. itt
the :iiivertiletnentsiskulltingatt a lons in the 11eptiord,lood :
he stoned in great. agttati4n : i attretpiTil to. cultor him, hot
he present id a pistol at toe, and threatened to shout ruts
Odvalicutl towards him..
1' ant, your Lordship's obedient hittutile teryout,
. 1184G14 WOODWAIW,

To the liight Hon. the LoitiNClyili: •
NO intelligence war received -yesterday relative
to young Wat
Among many other letters, his Lordship re-
ceived
one in indifferentrrench, and signed Un
coyagenr de Winehestet: ;" which. the .writer
infortrou hiniiA hat young IVatsort (through the
means of Mr. -, Atolovei) had te.tde his
,escape in a Guernsey picket from Seutikampton,
and that be was going to Movlaia, to: reittle with
an, aunt of his 'who lies .ihere.;' On the other,
hand, a leiter received yesterday '&m111;4416
states, that a person answering- the: deaceiption
uE Watoonliail arrived there ; and a letter to the!
Etiilut yt au evening Paper inetitious, ow lie. ie
COOCCIVCSI Ol a particular litnise in a town
1 the Editor declines to name, waiting a passage to
'1 America. 4

`Lott we#k Zorn ebildreti icy Leal* 110(114mi)
lost timir tins by rating Ilburnutil stmts.

•-. . -
(From the Votesiilie Exiffess of Sept. 0.)
‘,A. person name& Benjamin Powell, of about
45'. years of age, passed through this town last
week, on his return front IndiAmt slavery, after an
absence front his friends '(such as survive) of
nearly five years. Re appears to be a mend
troth, and considerable intelligetice.—His simple
but affecting narration•excited a lively interest„in
his behalf, in the feelings of several citizens in
this place ; .they administered,,to'his necessities,
by furnishing. hint with pecuniary aid sufficient to
defray his expeoces at Dayton, where he expects
to find sonic of his Surviving friends., In confiro
oration of his interesting story, he exhibited
hand nearly burnt off, and thawed upwards of 20
scars on his body, most of which were evidently
made with a tomahaWk. Accompanied With such
evidence, his stateinents gained hint credence ;
of which statements the following is a brief sketch :
Benjamin Powell, in the year 180% removed
from'Kentucky to the upper fork of the Sendosky
river, and settled on a tract of land belonging AO
Coloilel Peterson. The surrounding country was
then a wilderness; except that Powell held one
neighbour, who lived at a short distance front
him. Powell had a wife and three children,' his
neighbour had a family ,also. They, had frequent
intercourse with the Indians, who were appa-
rently very civil and friendly for upwards of two
years after their settlement in that part of the
country. Soon after the battle of Tippecanoe,
(of white.. Powell and his neighbour had not heard
a syllable), to wit, on the 27th day. of October,
1811, about twilight in the evening, the cabin of
Powell was attacked by a numbcrot Indians.-7-7!
Ms wife and eldest ion were shot dead, and the
other two childfen Were killed with a tomahawk.
Powell himself was shot through the hotly, anti
then tontahawked in a most shocking manlier, the
Lidiett having given hint between twenty,and thirty
wounds, and supposing hint dead, stayed his
blithering hand and left him. Powell's neighbour
and all his 'family was killed et the same time.'
Powell was left in that dreadful situation until
morning, elution% the most exquisite painS
of
body from his numerous wounds.: his distress of
mind no pen could describe ; thydarkness,olos
night was rendered tenfold horrible by the cur
rounding ;cone, while time Klog of terrors"'
it
his most aerrific fitrum, was stating him in the face,,
.As soon as it was light, 'he saw an Lillian-Bpr-
proaching wboin he recognized to be :mold
acquaintance ;. a ShaWnee Chief named the Little.
Captain. Powell besought the savage, to put act
end to his misery. ,
The hide Captain gazed at him awhile, 'and.
said;'." No, nO, the.Great'Spitit won't let ms
kill
you."' He then drecied his wounds,.telling hitt;
it was the Prophet's orders not to. kill Any wbont
the Great Spirit would -not let die v(meaniog.
perhaps, thrit where the life of avictim wa(pre-
served, ea itwere, by a miracle, es was the.case
with Powell, it intimated that it was time pleesury
of the Great Spirit, that .such a person should
`live.) Powell thiuks Indians are excellent sur-
geons—they. owed his wounds with. the nicest
skill and most 'asionitilling repidity, although
stiost of the bonesof his left thigh were taken out
during 'then cute. , •
As' soon' as practicable,-Powell watcarried to
the Old'Shawnee own, situated about twenty
miles from Lake Erie ; „there, after he. bed. con-,
tioued abirot eight moons, be got stequaloteil.lvith
the famous Bird—lie flaw his thumb nails twisted.
Off by. the Indians, in entleavoltring to make hint
disclose some plot which they suspected. After
Bird had, got away and was brought ha.cit,.POwyn
heard him adjudged to three days but ning, amid
time white prisoners in the town were, compelled'
to he witnesseS of the distressing. scene. Bird's
hand was burnt off, and one of his arms watt 404.:
tilped to the hone ; when providentielly a Scotelt.:,
maim port:hest:ll his lite for a gallon of rutn„;
as
Stated in Bird's story..
Powell ;remained with the savages upwards of,
four years, he ryas a slave to time Little Captain,
who repeatedly threatened him trith certein
death, should he attempt to make hismeape, awl
who also reckoned his scalp among his trophies
of victory, often talking of taking it off. Thus
Powell lived in continual fear of his life. He
Wanted to speak the Shawnee language fluently,
and got ,acquaiut ell with the manners nod customs
of the Indians. ' lie says, they. can scarcely, be
called idolaters in the comman,acceotation 'of:the,
s"ord, for they worship the Great. Spirit, Whose,
place of special residenee they:toilet:tee to be in
the sun I they do not, render veligious homage to
any creature. The Prophet is a grand impostor,
nett more remarkable for thtf oglineas of hillier-
rsnri thin for the deformity of his mind--n wretch
(NO it tit c of feeling, ;and abandoned: to every ilthig
that is had. To this demon, in Inman -folint may,
,be attributed most of the enormities committed:.
by the aavagesTin the late wilt. hied a liberal.
etlncation, and he bad been octet' -in the
;Christian religion, having been doigned 4or
:Roman Catholic' Pt list... therefore sins against
kfitMedge. Thia impostor made the credulous
Indimmoit believe,: that the 'earthquakes in 1812
were occasioned by his shaking himself, and that
'he had dude it to • punish them, for not fighting
'setter against:Abe Americans. file also 'told, t hem'
'OA he had stopped a large, hole at.the bottom,ot
;Lake Erie, which occasiutsed the unusual rise of
.the water era the lake. Being able to .toretel
,eclipses, lie derived not a little consequence trotn
that circumstance. Powell related a numbcr of
ruseedotes concerning the lothaos, bat t!'t-11AVi
not room to insert them here. . .
When Powell had remained prisoner about 40
mantis', he concerted a ichente with a couple of
women Who Were prisoners in the same town, of
,eifecting their 'escape. There 'was au old wig-
weal llanding in the town, id wi its they agreed
-
to cooties! jerked venison,: &c. .se they could ob,
tain it, until they could tiecumelate sufficient ft
their •purposti". 'The women 'had colluded two
toitmahawk4. As Powell was coming out of the
old I.vigt44zn oil.: „nights ha was discovered 4y an
Indian who hail been a noiorious.and bitter rue-
uty. The alarm was given; Powell was secure(
amid tied to a post in his master's wigwam. IA
the mitt nitig the old wtgwain WAS torn down,arkil
the vi)vi;inni anti toniiiiiwki were found:
Lvtry ciretnottintv Was against Powell, and he
bed within to expect bet a three days.buruieg.

possible, throw the whole blame upon his accuser.
lie accordingly stated to his master, that notwith•
stunning, appearances were against him, sill he
was innocent ; that -his- master knew how
cal the Itidivi had been towards him ; that un-
doubtedly he had taken this method to rain him.
The'little captain seemed somewhat staggered,
,and concluded not to burn hiin until he should
'consult the big Captain. The big captain,C•trried
the case to the prophet, who consulted the Great
Spirit, and decided that Powell must be burnt un•
til he would confess who were his accomplices,
as it was evident others were concerned Milt him,
'from the circumstances of there being two toma-
hawks concealed in the cabin. Tice decision of
the prophet is conclusive. The unhappy Powell
was stretched upon his back on the ground, aria
secured with thongs. The white prisoners, as.
usual, were brought to Wltnesa the torments. The
two Women' who were concerned with him'in the
plot,- were exceedingly agitated, expecting every
moment that Powell world bring them out; for
then their destruction would be inevitable. Fire
was occasionally put to Poweli's right hand until
it was nearly consumed) At this time Powell says
his teelings.were indeseribithle---eternity with all
its important consequences, rushed upon
such overwhelnting concernment, that he, for
a while, forgot the excruciating torments his body
was enduring.--and felt the full force of the
pressiou of the poet,
Sure, 'tis a serious thlag tattle."
He was determitted to make no discoveries—be-
.came if he had reyealed- the truth, not only his
own life, but that ot. the two women would have
been the forfeit. He spoke.to the little captain,
,and observed that as he (Powell) was innoeent,.
the captain ought to take a tomahawb, and dis-
patch him at once. The captain replied he hvi
all along suspected his innocence. The fire was
reinored,for a while. The i3ig Captain and the .
Prophet were again consulted ; and. as Powell
bad: so long stood the ordeal of fire, the Great
spiiit had admitted he was innocent. Powell. to
his inexpressible joy, was released., Agreeably to
the custom of Indians, Powell now had it in his
'power to inflict.tbe same punishment on hit ac-..
closer, who was tied down for burning—but. far•
gave hint on his paying the _ban: of a large buck,
which act. of. 'humanity' gained hint the love atitt-,
trientlibip of .tire Indians during his stay amPot
them. Powellsays be saw oneirritioner, a KAT.
tuckian, burned three days befOre he expired. in
December last, a Canadian by •the name of Balta.
dell,APDonald,pnrchased Powell's liberation from
`captivity, and nt the same,time obtained the free•
thorn of Jones, John Anderson, and Sarah Frice.
,They were taken to • Kiagstoo, front thence to
Quebec, where they expetieueed APDonald's hos
pitality. until the ut June last, then receiving
five dollars each, they proceeded to the Unita
States.

CORONERS' INQUESTS.

,

Mtranatt,7-A.Coroaer's Inquest was held oe.
Tuesday last, at Cheddleton, n Staffordshire*
on view of the body of William Wilshaw, of that
place ; and after a toll investigation of the facts.
the Jury returned a verdict of Wiljit/ Meader
against ,Sareh Wilshato, the wire of the deceased.
It appeared in evidence, that the unfortunate man
and his wife bad been drinking "at a publie!..lionse
in the village till a late hour, and after their arri-
val at their own' habitation, the deceased became
a victim to.the rage of his unfeeling wife, %%40.:
with a fire-alicivel, inflicted several mortal wooed,
upon tit head and arms., both of which lattee
were' fractured but the mortal injury, in the opi
nion of the Surgeon who attended on this shocking
• occasion, was produced from Ile violence done, to
the head of the deceased.
On, Saturday afternoon there was an Inquest
held at the crown and thistle, Trafalgar-street,
City-road, before J. W. UNWIN, Itiq, one of the
Coroners for th'e County of Middlesex, upon, be,
body of Mary Powell. t'erdict —Accidental Death.
nq Friday evening, an inquest was 11C1(1 at are
house.of Mr. John Lewis; the sign of the Car.
renters' Arms, corner of James-street and Grey. ,
street, Mary-le-bone, before THOMAS STIRLIWG,
Esq. Coroner for the County of Middlesex', to
inquire bon, and by what means John Griffitioi
Came by his death. Vertikt—bied by the visitaiito.
of Gqct.
'We arc happy to learn that the ship-builditqc.'l'
trade 'at Hull is reviving. AU the ships not!,
upon the stocki, with ,the exception of one, ars..
sold.
A melancholy accident -occurred on Vlinisday
evening, in the river Mersey,Ovviiig to the 'OOlOlO
oldie gale. One of the boats beton-ging torherk..
Rot* Ferry, under the care of ,6 sailors, had taken
several passengers across the river late in the tifter4,
noon. Having waited, as is generally the cas
ite)%vac
et
4,LiVerpocif„. 'a Considerable time for a fard,
seven o'clock before they ventured pl.-retort' t°
:the Ferry. Unhappily far them, the
bo:tt was
overturned by the violence of the witted, and every'
man perished. Four of the ununfortunate" eailori
shave left wives adfamilies
A.Mlist distressing accident occurred' last .weeib
nearCartnarthenshire : by the'fillig.in
or the pit of the colliery in that vicinity, three 'or
workmen were entotribed. .

ESIRTEIS.
•On Tuesday, at Scaftworthi Mrs Nerile, the. Lady of
Nrrile, of a on.
. On Saturday morning, in Montagne-piece, the Lady of
Cross Starkey, of ‘Vrenbory-Hail, Cheshire, of a sun.

MARRJED.
Tritely, Richard Puleston, Eiq.- of Etnral, in the County
Flint,.to Miss Shaw, of Chester.
On the +id inst. nt Chesterfield, Richard Aldows • Arnoill
Esq. of Trinity College, Oxford,. to Charlotte Elizabeth,
cum) daughter of W. B. Thomaq. Esq. of Cbrstitrfitl(l.
On Tue.day, Tettrrilialt Church, Samuel Gerrard,
late of the 3d (or King's own) Dragoon rids,- a only son of
Gerrard; Esq of Tally-Ho, Westmeath, tP"
o Elialthvilvd:grj.
daughter of Thomas Lesersage Fowler, fog.of
Noose, Staffordshire,

DIEM
On the Bth inst. in Ginueestur.phiet, Stow-r
u "811,frog Ott
rtr, widow of the late Captain Henry. Fart-er, ~.
ton East Indiaman.
f the

LONDO'S Printed by .1. B. CAB-STAIRS. No. it Cf4titilit
buntlines 1 and published by W. A. $04.10'141
at the SvN-Orrice, No. 11., Strand ; where der A
Lents, °Wars, Letters, &e. (post-pals)) oust be sular to 'wl
