• , 61,
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. ' Nlacauley) which the Hon. Gentleman attributc, their leaders for some days pass, since ...e over- Had the leaders among the Anti-Reformers pos- the new Governor, like all other officers, of course tool has unjustly and tyrannically deprived, aid this determi-
oi office subject to such arrangements as might at any tine nation to grant no Refori
e ...-....---_ to the inequality of the sexes is to be found i, throw of the notable attempt to frame a non- sessed one tittle of that wholesome quality called n, to place power in the bands of
ieRmEFa REFORM IN PARLIAMENT (IRELAND) BILL. faction in opposition to his people and the votes the
. men whom the people detest and scorn, and to support a
' Once more, we ask, how long is the coutitn
The order of the day for the second reading of the Iris. Howie of Commons, I can scarce regard in anrother light
1 - 'many islands where the females exceeded tin -reforming Government in direct defiance of the foresight, they would have seen from the fira.
to be insulted by the presence, in the Govern- males in number in the year 1817. 1 next sa)• nation. . However amusing at the same time that, upon the subject of Reform, the spirit of l•
It was unnecessary for hit. the most unconstitutional proceedings of the First Charles,'
ment, of an individual opposed alike to hi- that in St. Christopher's (which is the islano such revolt may be, to us it imports little more the country was up ; that it had spoken in a ReAfifirri.n BsTillAwNaLsEtlyieotroesaL, than an act exceeding in rashness, in atrocity and in guilt
to occupy the attention of the House with any oh- or the ordinances of Charles the Tenth. To this rash
colleagues and to his countrymen, on that grea•
selected by the Hon. Member himself) the than the fact, that temporary disappointment has voice which could not be misunderstood ; and
sevations upon the general topics of Parliamentars step he has been urged b intrneealtie.fnof a foreign female,
measure upon which the affections of English. women in 1817 exceeded the men in numbers. soured the parties, and pushed the more out- that therefore they had nothing to do but to
Reform, as its necessity had been in the stron et:, and the importunities Y f
It eel-Coin
salii,aistathrdast that in.-
i‘oili behindniste r , the
sufficient Throne,
to greaterh,i
t.'al
men are irrevocably fixed ? Three division, - rageous and intractable of them to an exaspera- make a virtue of necessity, and to sail with the
have taken place in the House of Lords on tin
lonics in which the number of the men exceeds tion bordering upon insanity. At the first tide, against which it was impossible to contend. itmE.,l,oenausssuewsr eeo,rfe arinoadf:litiona;tvi:
nes
inrbrit,
eno
hadusttili
iiffanbtesrttanhneetecxe
pies
in!. li mni y.
el i
ielpe anddiscussionsof i
Rf
~,,,ofn:yr
ibligiloeti, I,: test the i
rttrthei
ees i s
it)riohowlyeea
rl
power
palace.welti
.e
from place the man who has obtained the confidence of the
Reform Bill, and in no one is to be found the that of the women-such, for instance, are Bei.. change of fortune, however, all sores will he But no, an infatuation and fatality seems to have
name of Lord Hill, as tendering even a silent hice, Demerara, and Trinidad ; and there we patched up-the confidence of fresh spoil will attended them throughout, and they now exhibi•
glrelend-that the nor/cid:la:it principles
!)
support to the great charter of the people', find not only that there is a total decrease, but bring back the screaming vultures to their pris- .to time world and to future historians, the spec-
iertare kind that
injurious, but in Ireland a blessing. I quiry will be made: for it is rumours if l' an
la.
e people. Into the truth of these rntnours, I trust, •
to eotnbat with such arguments ; must make a Court and its iutrigueeint(o
rights. And yet this person is receiving a large even a decrease in the number of the females." tine amity. Should the least glimmering of a tack of men advancing claims to superior wis- EnglandEEeTog
lratnnd i
wereought
Linn j
annual stipend, drawn from their pockets-he Mr. Macauley then proceeded to show that even Tory Administration be perceptible, the dis- dom, while their whole conduct has been that 01. was not for
earntttiir:iej
ttlAltatr
France, the
is intrusted with one of the highest offices in where the males exceeded the females in number, cipline of these Cossacks will be at once re- inexcusable ignorance and folly, and risking the at present he wooldh leave the vsndication ol people. It is itnpossible to revolve in the mind all the
the State-and, above all, he is the disposer of this would not account for the decrease in the stored, and Christian forgiveness be extended to peace and safety of the country upon grounds so them to those persons wlno
answerentertained inch opinions.- sireueistancee of the times, and not involuntarily recur
the most valuable and the most extensive pa- number of females. We think Nlr. Macauley all but the public-that is, the reforming and hopeless and so puerile that they could excite
'Coe 's' r:ziasrof who toobjected perhapstte tTie HUI., m
to the
ustatev of France before the eruption of that tre-
'persons
because they believed the principles of it were Throne, Lettered they priests
tronage which is in the gift of the Crown. Is ought to make some allowance for the effect on national-enemy. With a view to the comfort nothing but ridicule were the consequences to
this treachery, or is it weakness? It cannot he population of the laxity of morals inseparable of the Sovereign, the true dignity of his Crown, which they might have led such as could be so
say that if any amendments to extend the principles further the world, and made the throne of every
not carried to a sufficient extent in Ireland, he would only as wanderers and mendicants over the earth, conulse
the first. Lord Grey's name can oever he from a state in which the number of male, which is inseparable from the attachment of its treated. Unhappily it is too often the lot of European des-
were proposed, he would give them the greatest attention; pot tremble to its base. Like France, then we are bur-
coupled by a grateful people with aught save what is that f the females. If the subjects, and though last, not least in importance trifling causes to produce very serious results.
greatly exceeds .o e But those gentlemen who entertained such opinions, would th n Iwith 'd f debt, which • Li' ~ eec a .oa o it would seem almost
tiletoupaonletttheits to
iloieuareflrioemvedits NeVxeaeatrienndsodoamsntedodsttthOi
el
it hfinreeoedSrtleil:nmOdOirntuOsf afrocihnutrhehe
honourable to himself and faithful to them. It - •Britishunable planters in thecolonies are to at this moment, the clearing away of every cloud On this occasion time country has happily escaped impossible - foe any thing but a political convulsion to re-
is then weakness, and it is weakness which can- compete with the planters in the foreign cob- which would seem to hang upon the position of them.-Morning Herald. of course, be expected to vote for the second reading ot
the Bill, from the views which they entertained of' move. We are oppressed with taxss from which we watt
subject,P ar litttn e ahtearwyoßn
ledfo I
j•
not, which must not be endured. Lord Grey, nies at present, it is not likely that with free that liberal-minded Prince, the Duke of Sus- .
satisfied, by increasing majorities, that the Bill labour they could compete. Time negro, if left sex, it were to be desired that all those who may e-
'44
F 11()N 711) F-DITION _ i' . which had appeared in one of the daily papers, containing opposition of its mitred be;
is safe, may be careless of adding one additional to himself, would hardly work more than he does possess influence with the Royal relatives should "- J• --' - 1- --A objections to the principles and provisions of the -(Great
nausTa(dilveeratr'fhareaar.LmWenh
of the people.
cheering.) We possess an aristocracy unparal-
vote to the strength which he commands ; but in slavery, if such is the severity of the labour in tender their services towards effecting a return of SUN OFFICE, Seven &Clock. Bill, and which bore the signature of the Horne held ho insolence, haughtiness, arrogance disdain of the
the question does not rest there. The people slavery that thepopulation decreases under it. We that mutual kindness and intercourse which have
-----`IIP- Member for Kerry; he would not, however, impute the people, and ng i
in rapacity. We have a Minist r t
have delared that they would not permit a Go- put, then, free labour out of the question in as united them for many years in friendship-a 11PEitI A L PA R LEA li I-4_INT letter to that Hon. Member, but he should like him popular support dismissed, like Neck eh s roh.n
to attetnpt to prove two assertions contained in it ; one trigues of faction, from the councils o
aphis ysiat e m-
vernment to exist unfriendly, nay, even luke- f•ar as the cultivation of sugar is concerned. It friendship, " for all weathers," too solid and THIS EVENING. was that the Bill, instead of being called to amend and like Neckar to be brought back, ..
Ivereiga trust,
warm, on time great :measure of Reform; they is proper that this should be understood. But the too sacred to be justly disturbed by any occa- aiosa the representrtion of Ireland, ought to be called a B people. ill triumphant on the shoulders of the We
have an
have recorded their determination to .reject the culture of sugar cannot be beneficial to time negro sional misapprehension. The feelings of the HOUSE OF COMM W ONS. to restore the Irish Protestant ascendancy. The Hon. uxorious King hostile to Reform,i and
i FINCHETT MADDOCK, Esq. the newly elected Member would fail to convince him that such would be the sistance to the ishes of his incited to re-
M
rule of all save those who entertained principles slaves, however necessary it mav be to the platter country would be cheered and gratified,-the people by the disaltrous in-
ember for Chester took the oaths and his seat. tendency of the Bill, but he would be much obliged to him thence of a foreigner, who has been elevated to the dignity
analogous to those of Lord Grey and his col- and the mortgas,Tee. Timis ought also to be un- Nlinisters vvould be strengthened, and the cause
Mr. BULLER br tht up the ame dments of the Com- e would convince the Hon. Members on the other side and splendour of Queen Consort of En 1 i B b
leagues. They have declared in favour of an derstood. When we hear of the negroes being itself advanced by successful interference for an mittee upon the Exeter Railway Bill, which were ordered ut
itt out
of the House, of that tendency.-(Hear, hear.) So to we have a people as resolute and d t g'and•
toe min as i Ter, we e
Administration compsed of Reformers, and of unprepared for their freedom, we ask if they can object so piaiseworthy and benign. As to the to tie read a second time. the 2d aasereton, soy., that he (Mr. Stanley) had received the French to be f Such '
Reformers only. ilfb an insult to them that be worse in freedom than in a state in which accuracy and candour of certain asseverations Sir W. GUISE brought up the amendments of the aesurantes of support from all the Tories, he could only say not William the free. Fourth
recollect
of Eogland. Sin uld
one professedly opposed to their wishes and o :
toe intentions of nature are counteracted, and a -made in the House of Lords by Baron Lyiid- CoLea mil t;rlnNtillohJamehs's (Briietol) Improvement Bill, that of all the three Bills, the one against which the hot- Sixteenth ? Should not a Queen:
herselftwhehnfamteakoefaLouis be
.a
ch orc . roug t t.ip r ,e. amendments on the test opposition of the Tories was expected to be manifested busy, intermeddling politician r• 11 1 eso eet tie fate of Maria
their opinions should, after such a declaration, populationplaced in •congenialclimate,instead
s a burst, and others of his coadjutors, to the effect allton-row Improvement Bill, which were read a second was the Irish Bill. These were the two assertions made Antoinette? From this husie
still retain power, feed upon their bounty, and of experiencing a rapid increase, is on the de- that the celebrated motion for a postponement time, very boldly, but this he would forgive the Hon. Member England recollect that • ings I bid the Qu en of
betray their cause. We should have hoped that crease ? TheY are not more fit for freedom in of the disfranchising to the enfranchising clauses Mr.
b BAILLIE presentef petitions from the High Con- would undertike to prove them.-(Hear and laughter.) that ill-fated ,in conssquence of the opposition of
woman to the wishes'of the people of France
a sense of honour might have led the in- Africa, surely, than in the West Indies. But in of the Bill had been made" without private un- stables of the wards. of St. Michael, St. Nicholas, and St. The Iliolit Hon. Member for Aldborough (Mr. Croke) a fairer bead than ever graced the should f '
shoulders oAdelaide,
dividual himself to have retired frofn a Africa the ' • I I' 1 li. h
y Increase ant mu op y, wlc proves derstanding," "or party purpose, we refer, Stephen, in the city of Bristol; and also from a Mr. had stated as his reason for voting for the second Quuen of England, rolled upon the scaffold."
situation which common delicacy might have at all events that they, are happier there • than in after a hearty fit of laughter, to a letter of our tion Bill.-Referred to the Committee- cause he •oved 'of the Bill, but that boon) intimate of he ere in the preeence of the most
told him be ought not to retain; and we the West Indies. A predicament may also friend " Radical," in this day's paper. To the Mr. Alderman VENABLES postponed the third read- sanctioned time second reading of the English Bill, with fi not, as
sChairman, put E a
stoparl t, and which
There was more of this
are more confirmed in this idea bv the occur akin to that in Joe Miller, where a man contents of that letter we entreat the notice of ing of the Oulden-ler,e Burial-ground Bill until the Bth view of having it discussed in Committee, he would adopt treasonable speech, and stronger than what we had read,
'•
repeated annunciations of the Tory Prints; found his horse dead when he had almost suc- our political readers : it completely exposes the of June.
M • HUME 1 • ' fR • d
presented a petition rom the Rector an the same course on the present occasion. Another Hon. and amounting almost to blasphemy, and which he wished
but if the love of place be indeed superior in his ceeded in accustoining it to do without food. If whole project which was so innocently played off cett-mit; ialumbitann Member had gone further, and stated that Ireland had to spare their Lordships the pain of hearing, e but h thought .
t, . Luke s, against tbe Golden-lane been treated with great injustice in not having enough it so necessary t • • o bring before their Lordships the
mind to every other consideration, the head of the negroes continue to decrease, while the are by Lord Lyndhurst and Cu. So for " reaction" Burial-ground Bill. -done for it. He (Mr. Stanley) therefore confidently re- t ffects of these unions, thiedt he must do so; when
the Government-of that Government borne in the process of being fitted for freedom,' the we turn to another documeno-viz., the report Mr. COLE presented three petitions from tie Protestant pastel the.; these Henourable Members would not op- he had doneo,
back into power upon the shoulders of the extinction of the race -may intervene before the of a mighty meeting of time West Riding of cslergr B'.l of l the county of F.. rmanaglo and from certain pose the second reading of the Irish Reform Bill, Noble Earl meant theyto upholdwau perhapslat lrmknnao.swa
against
tera
such
people-has no right to permit his further con- question of fitness is decided. By the by Mr. Yorkshire, held at Wakefield, on the subject of Irish Education.
against the proposed system of because that would hs Preventing a single se p 1 eing taksu language, which he was proud to say had been manifested
tiluance. We trust that measures are already Macauley is hardly warranted in so •that' yang the the expected removal and subsequent return of colonel PERC. EVAL presented two similar • • towel ds accomplishing the object which they entertained. by his Majesty when an address was resented to him on
ar petitions The objections to Ls Bill were chiefly on religious late occasions. Pe wished to see whether this languagea
taken for effecting this, anti that it is only owing United States were originally peopled by the the King's Ministry. We have but time to state from two parishes in the county of Sligo. grounds, from the fear of their giving an immense was countenanced by the Noble L
to the arrangements attendant on supplying his refuse of European society. The great nursery that there has been such a meeting of a district air. GORDON presented several similar petitions from preponderance to the Roman Cathhlics. He denied it; Noble Lords cried, " 'Hear, hear," whathourtd.--- Lord.-(Hear, hear.)
place, that there is delay in the announcement to of the United States has been the New Eng- of a county, and that the inhabitants of that dis- Balsr,i)stat arid ctehretalirelistplaEriisiliceosf in
..Ifrerland, one of which was but even if he admitted that argument, he would meet it place had given people to believe in that taken
the public that Lord Hill has ceased to form a trict amount, numerically, to a million of souls.fri /bane by the assertion that it was no argument in 1832. of the country, that the Noble Earl was not concerned at
land States, and they were peopled b ' the Sir E. STEWART piesented two f W•
o. petitions from 11?° The Right Hon. Gentleman proceeded to quote extiacts -uch language.
part of the Government. We say we hope that Let the Tory Lords, before they again plot for town and another Royal
le
Puritans a class whose strict -*
) • and simple habits Burgh, praying the House not to froin speeches delivered on the occasion 01 passing the (LEFT BPEAKNG.)
11 is so; but if .it be not, if really there is nothe subversion of a popular English Govern- grant any further suppliom until the Reform Bill be passed.
were peculiarly' fitted for peopling a wilderness. Catholic R•rief Bil, and contended that the object of all ._____-.....0,_
step yet taken by Lord Grey to remove a public v• e•• o ment, anti the frustration of a charter vvhich a Sir S• GLYNN presented a petition from the counties those wus todestroy the distinctior between Protestants and •111 i i 1,1 1d IX gii 'XI, il_ i /ID it Bus
trottua ant, toe issoutitern States received con- of Hint and Denbigh, against the system of Education in C • - 1
functionary whom the people have declaied they vi ta" f • Catholics, and declared that the objections to the
c S MITI this country, during the first half of the whole empire longs for, bethink thetnselves what Ii eland.
will not confide in, and cannot respect, we must preser.it on . religious grounds would be the means of sow- THIS EVENING.
last century ;but the number, compared to the rest of is that power which they have the folly to pro- Mr. H. GRATTAN presented petitions from Diu
appeal to the House of Commons for ze- i urn mg dissension and recreating the distinctions of religion. ..esse-------
tse population, was trilling. We not ice thirobecause yoke ! What must be the conscience, or what condra, WaVer'stown, and other parishes in the county In the first ' Id k • • '
place he would take the liberty of turning to DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY
dress. Their table is covered with demands of Meath, on
we know that the people of the United Statesare time judgment, or what the good faith, of that the subject of tithes. Also a similar petition to the representation of the counties in Ireland, and the WILLIAM LUNN, Saint Mary.at-Hill, London, slop-sell r
that all supplies should be refused till the , from a place in Limerick. The Hen. ',Member also re- H - BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED - e .
man SN, lo pronounce , wa lin t iese t nee sveeKs,
particularly sore on this • f d .1 d •1 • I I
point o escent from con--°use would have the goodness to recollect that out of the WILLIAM EASTWOOD, Waterloo-road, 'Surrey, linen.
Reform Bill becomes law, and become so • vented a petition from You bal complainingof the Pat
great one hundred members, sixty-four were returned by the draper.
s victs. But to return to Negro Slavery. There that all the property, respectability, and intelli- exaction of t, llg ' •is at markets anti lairs in Ireland, and BANK RUPTS.
Pray- county constituency, and the Bill, as far as it extended time
at the hands of a real, and not a mock Re- are three ' d I f time English• d •
parties concerned :-t ie negroes them_ gence, o nation, were arrayed in ing the House to make some corrections in the system. e'ective franchise, could not, by any possibility, have atiy fau
HENRYrer HARGRAVE, Hull, Yorkshire, straw-hat-mann-
tbrmina Governinent. Will the representatives to hostility to Reform !! ! -Times. The Hon. Alsmber hoped, in a reform' el Parliament at RICHAIt
t, , selves-the planters-and the various interests effect against the Protestant religion in Leland. Accord- D GIBBON, Wateringbury K , ent, brFwer.
whom these instructions are addressed by theirleist, this matter would be inquired into. THOMAS JOYNSON West W
, ycomb, Buekinghamshire,
it) the country Iwith ' '
ntry connected the colonies. As Time Bill was last night again fairlying to the lest returns laid before the House, the populae lace-dealer.
o argued, air. ' -
i . 0 cola NELL, in supporting the prayer of the pe-
constituents, tolerate the presence in the Ad- f tioa of Ireland at the resent inoineut seven millions JOSEPH DODSON, Great George-street, Bermondsey,
far as the negroes are concerned, it is absurd to •
and again, by the strength of candid reasoning,tition, observed, that if the late Secretary for Ireland (Lois)
700,000, and excluding present
700,0000 included in he merchant,
ministration of one who, having the power to 1 i t Trio MAS DAWSON THORP, Manchester, linen-draper.
say t tat t ley wouid not be benefited by imine- carried the cony' t• f't
ic ton oi s excellence, and made L. Gower) had continued in office, he would have put an counties of cities, theie would re • • • • main seven millions SAMUEL BROWNE FRY, Bristol, haberdasher
forwind the desires of the people, refuses to exert diate b I'6 Tf • b • I
ao i on. iete can eno question t tat end to such an int ost The Hon Member regretted that treturn 1 •II I I 1 d A
P • . •. o - lAIENNpAR LIVERSEDGEt Lockwood, Yorkshire, clothier.
is ? Why is not an address for thP reTaloval of ' considerable progress. Some stand was made tee present Secretary hid entirely passed by so important a BATT'ERSLY, Hindley, Lanca-
.4. the people of Hayti are much more happy and ing to the last retures laid ou the table of the House azlincv. It LES
shire cotton
against that clause which occasions so much un- subject.
the Commander-in-Chief at once announced? • • the total number of the constituency of Ireland was 52,162 JONATHAN th•ELHUISH WORTHY, and JOHN
comfortable than the slaves of our colonies • for •
founded terror to the agriculturists,-the clause aIr...CfHAPI MAN presented a petition from Bellitnore, DEWNEY WORTHY, Exeter.
persons. Of that 52,162 there were only about 20,000
or, if any objection exist to such a mode of con- s r. ,iis ungton o serve , " t otta i t tat , •
a 1) I r b d h 1' I ' JOHN WILSON, Dewsbury, Yorkshire, bLanket-manu-
veying time wishes of the nation to the Throne, islandproduced 1 ess sugar than some other
ts which empowers freeholders in towns, -who are lin
irazii,ensototlieratth e ex!inction of
.tithes. Also from a parish
, against the punishment of death in cases of persons who tvere so low as the 10/. franchise. How, farer,
at least the power of refusing the supply neces- islands of th W I (1.-- •
e est sioues, it yet possessed a not occupiers of 10/. freeholds, to vote for the forgery. therefore, such a constituency be unsafe or dangerous
to the Protestant religion? Hon. Members who thought gs
WILLIAM GRANT, Jermyn-street, Westminster,
molgiN LAWS, Great Yarmouth, r d chair-
sary for time maintenance of the office so filled county. The Ministers had already in the Mr YOUNG
i this
~ . 1.. presented a Petition from the Diocese of i a linen-draper.
, population enjoying the advantage of freedomSO ilau better have no constituency at all. He would state THOMAS WA RD; Colchester, Min
ought, without delay, to be made use of. In theH r C ti concession-
, House o. Commons, made a to Kilmore, against the plan of education in Ireland. JOHN COLLIVER, Helston, Cornwall, hatter.
and in consequencet' f that freedom, still (molter, that only 20,000 of that number of the 101.
face of the petitions of the people from every degree of happiness
iness o
than they
ennlc eavegrretatver party, anti have, in fact, cut off a vast number of Colonel LINDSAY presented a petition from Auchter- sand out of that number in the Protestant province of 4418N,g Likviim,sProarntsea, baker.
(platter of the empire, to withhold supplies from hoped to attain had they still remained underrathee those county voters who have hitherto vxercised rnmirhhtt yt„..
added
the t county of Fife, praying that that
_place
e 0 be eastern district o boroughs in
s Ulster alone there were no Iss than 8,500 persons, leaving JOSEPH HARLING aiidtZEtalgi AARLING, Brix.
any Anti-Reform Administration, let us seetheir franchise without alarming the fears of the only a very small proportion to the other three provinces. ton-road, bakers.
that County.
cure of slavery." There is little doubt that the HENRY MOULD, Chertsey, Surrey, grocer.
who will dare to afford the means of supporting ..
.an immense ad- Mr. GILLON presented a petition from Musselburgh, -(Cheers.) He might here mention an addition which RICHARD THOmP:ON, Old-street, St, Luke's, dealer in
0 negroes, who are a race peculiarly disposed to • • was intended to be proposed in the present Bill which was hardware.
in power a Minister who uses it not for, but en• . „
with (boon, amounting almost to universal suffrage, is praying the house to stop the supplies till the Reform
Id d• •
joyment, could dispense very well the Bill became law. Also from the Shetland Isles, praying not in the last it was intended to give the right of
against their rights. The Appropriation Act made to the agricultural electors a cry is to 50/ freeholders the same • England,e 'cl voting
l .e as in. provi ec their THE MARKETS.
ti . cart-whip and the driver. With regard to the
will afford an opportunity, and should be used' i o raised, an( the an( e interests are pronounced
the Orkney Isles. This lion. gember presented a petition lease was not fur a less term than sixty years.-(Cheers.)
'ant p ers, we do not exactly see how the can be (LEFT SPEAKING.) SOUTHALL MARKET.-31ay 23.
for the purpose, if the grievance should still tin- ' • • • Y to be on the brink of ruin, because a small section from the brick and tile burners of Dorset, praying This day's supply of Beasts was limited, of small stock tol r-
benefited by abolition nor do we believe that the _____...a....
' y f those resident in towns previously allowed to for the removal of the duty on tiles. ably good. As the market was thinly attended both by Londeon
happily remain unremoved.-Morn Chr '
. °nide.HOUSE OF LORDS. and country buyers, the trade was dull throughout at the fol.
will ever consent to it. With regard to time o i i ;. •
1 deprived Geeeral PALMER presented petitions from the city of
vote for the county are not entirely lowing prices per stone of 81b, to sink the offals :- '
Mr. Powell Buxton moved,, last night, that a various interests in this •
country connected with f
time pari..tes o. __A. Paul and St. Michaere, in the The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Beet ....„-.......9.5. 10d. to 3s. 10d I Vea1„.....---,.. 3s. 10d. to 54 Ott.
o their ancient and undoubted right. mutton --.4 0 50 j Pork «3 10 4 .10
Select Committee should be appointed to .con- the West Indies, the ..lil d y will always be oppose to • . .Besides as the Lord same city, praying the House not to grant any supplies till Woolsack at twenty minutes past five. Lamb 3s. Od. to 6s. 4d.
is absolutely childish. , . the Reform Bill was passed into a law. Mr. Alderman WOOD and other Members of the The foregoing quotations are precisely the same as those of
sider and report as to tile measures that it might abolition. How are 1 ' '.
• b
t mese jarring interests to e rt, n
,tianceaor remarked, is it not monstrous for Mr. BALDWIN 1' i move( tor an account of the number of House of Gil:talons b. ought up a Bill, entitled a Bill to this ciay sennight. Beasts, 130 ; Sheep and Lambs, 40,86 ; Calves,
be expedient to adopt for the extinction of reconciled ? We see no possibility of it. The 40 ; Pigs, 30. A considerable number of the Sheep and Lambs.
people to speak of the manufacturing and landed appeals and rehearings that were heard before the Lords of establish general cemetry. and some of the Beasts, Calves, and Pigs, left the market unsold.
slavery throughout the B:itish dominions, at present Government cannot reconcile them any
classes, not mere yas
Bins. I,EWES MARKET.-May 22.
the earliest period compatible with the nalety of more than past Governments. It is quite clear and irreconcilable isiterests? Let them be COll-
- til • L ll• • •
eir ort s lips within the Lost year.-Ordered. Beet -....... :3s. Od. to 4s. 0.1 I Veal ...-.«...... 3s 8,1 to 4s 4d.
all the classes in time, colonies. The people of -to us that the 'colonists will obey no orders from ' . • Si m J
Sir __. J. STEWART presented two petitions from The Report of the Naval Civil Department Bill was Mutton -.... 4 0 410 • 1 Pork.. 0 0 4• 0
sidcred in their true light, as mutually dependent Lamb ss. Ott .to Cs. iod.
England are at present too much occupied this country which they (I • • • t I
eem injurious o tacit. Greenock praying for protection to the West India brought up, and Wednesday next appointed for the second Supply rather limited, and trade dull.
011 each other, not only for prosperity, but even colenie ' reaching of it.
with the great domestic question of* Reform, to
, propeitv, aid that the Government will be obliged f •
t The 1 - fHouse ''
Lord COLVILLE intimated that he had some reniai ks RUMFORD M A RKET.-May 23. ......
or existence. e goo( sense o the . se Sir. BAILLIE presented a petition from Bristol, in
.. . . s. d. to', d. s. d. ~d.
be able to devote much of their time and atten- to connive at theirdisobedience. Slaver •111 y wi t mere • • to make upon this Bi ,11 which he ehould make when the 8 .ef
rejected the weak and irrational fear by a majority favour of the General Re ti-try Bill ; and one from the 283 8 I Veal
tion to the question of' negro slavery. That fore continue much what it is at present, till some ‘). ' p the supplies till the
d' same city, • •ine the House to sta • •Bill came to be teed a third time. Mutton 34 4 8 Pork 38 4 0
question is one beset with difficulties. That accident enables the negroes to settle the question of 84 to -3. When we spoke of calm discus- Reform TiilPir:tv/as ;med..CHARGE OF TREASON. Lamb ss. Od. to 6s. od.
Suckling Calves from 14s. to 28s ; Quarter old Pigol2s.to 18s. each.
o . sion we ought,perhaps,to have excepted the On tte motion for the House going into a Committee
slavery in the British West Indies is a horrid
without reference to other interests than then '
evil, is sufficiently proved by the fact, that in a own. We can see no means b which the speech of a Learned Lord, whose imagination Thomas Stnit,t, of Shouter's-hill, in the county of Kent, on the Reform Bill,
The Meryl% of EONDONDERRY said that as the EXETER MARKETS-May IS. ......
climate congenial to the negro the population nearoes can ever obtain eniancipLiOn exce it •
being haunted with the painful vision of a lamp. in favour of a measure of Reform in the Church of Eng-
Nc.ble Secret. s . Beef (score)---Bs.
iy for the Home Department was not in his Hutton lb (Id. Pa 61, Wheat (bushel) „Ss. Od. Bs. a
decreases. There is no arguing against thatl iron with hitnself hanging to it, expressed a hope,
Bishop The pr.titioner complained that by the law every _ '
' l beggedal • fI, Noble E
lieto call time attention o the Earl at
i Veil •
,and Lamb-0 6 0 7 Oats - 9 3 2 5
b through themselves. An amendment, movedobliged to take an oath that he did not wish place,
damning fact. Dr. Currie, of Liverpool, in a 1 Lord lII' '
my . t ior , with a view of satisfying the ,
for Cite honour, hwoansouarlibwhen it was well known that no one who the head of his Majesty's Government to a piece of trea- Perk ee......ty_....0 4 0 6 Beans -.........-....5 6 6 0
private letter to Mr. Wilberforce, solar back as i prospect, that the Lords would yet throw out was made, but'coveted the honour. He also thought that s ,n, for he could style it nothing else, which had taken Duct (each)
it 3 - g Eguettse,l2;32.7-7O O 1 O
'enters that due attention would be ard to Fowls ...................3 0 4 0 Potatoes (peck) „0 6 0 7
1787, inaerted in the recent publication of his the Bill, unless the proposed amendinent was the Right Rev. Bench was overpaid, and that no Bishop place in that par. of the world wheref tNhe Nobleit Eail
1)116. interests adding to the resolutionspunoved agreed to. The Bishop of London qui.ctly re- ought to have more than 1000/. a-year. He also prayed for had possess.ion7 ±e
_meant.
.t. :e, 7: .:. es.velast e. A
Life and ‘Vritings, exposes the sophistry of the - ' ° '
by Mr. lowell Buxton, the words " In confor- the audition of tithes, as they had been the cause of much great !meting f R finale' Sia e y
.ok. place at that town, etittsr FRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE WEEK.
~.....,
buked this extravagant anticipation.-Tinzes.
planters as to the improved condition of the mity to time resolutions passed by the House of b bloodshed in Ireland. at which Dr. Headlain, the most intimate friend of the 1 Wheat. Barley. Oats. Beans.
negro, in the following unanswerable manner :- Commons NI 15 18')3 " ' 1
~ on ay , - , was carnet ,on How bitterly must those who have, within the Mr. FOLEY ore td • et't•on f• n Kt] I rns• t
. seo eap 1 i to: Ice ins et, Noble Els!, presided. A long dieeussion took piece, but Per qu, ter. Is.to s. a s s• '
62 L f 13.6
..... to
2si a. to
48
" I seldom (he says) hear the justice or morality a division, by a majority of 163 to 90-or 73. last fortnight, taught tile people their strength for the stoppege of the supplies. . there was one speech, delivered by a Mr. Larkin, which
at its rising hid created so extraordinary a sensation in the north of onrigg
Blandfi‘rdlr --
. 52 63 36 40 19 22 31
of
.the trade seriously defended. Very fre- Lord Althorp proposed that time should be scow deplore the worse than insanity of their
staLniairdAur°R,PilluNivi reviet du , thatsd the t House,in co„e
's• E g'• rid, that he !lad conceived it to be his duty to brio • cl'ambiridge*•• -56 661 28- 3439 -18 2;192 7, •-• '
quently, indeed, it is asserted that the condition taken for 1 Lie appointment of the Committee, own conduct l Like children playing vvith fire,
Monday adjourned
the Kiou's 'B. izr7liTy, and Tueisleanyeethe ita before their Loi• 'ships, with the view of asking the id'-cron6l7 9.9 32 17 -‘') aii !II
of the negroes in the West Indies is happier that the choice might fail on fit and proper they seem to have been unconscious of their Anniversary of the Restoration of Charles the Second. Noble Earl whether it liad fsllen under his intention, and Long Sutton..--. 46 61 - ' - 16 21 28
I 11..........-...-.. 50 55 27 32 17 20 32 ;
and better than in our own couirry ; anti' there- persons. Such i ~L, s the result of a lem discussion. danger till nearly enveloped in the consequences. Agreed to. whether it was his intention to pros,eute it? The itnut
,r,
56 66 30 35 20 28 32 u''
, fore that those transported to our sugar colo- T
at would be unjust to blame the Government 'lids comes of people being overaweeningly vain
.11.1 r. STANLEY rose to nutve the seesand reading of Nubie Earl must know better than he did what must isren-iminrk_;7;- 55 65 33 43 17 .20 32 411,
Dies can really sustain no injury. Whence, for proceeding with caution in so delicate an of their own opinions-of mistaking their own tiiiii Retfdorin .till, but biefoire lining so he was anxious to be the result of the treasonable language, and of. time pholi- -"-'`.
eetetrtgoanet= V 2 2tl) 31 12 n 3:32 0
then, I have asked, arises the waste of life in affair as the abolition of slavery. Indeed, the little circle for the world-and, above all, of privileges. r t
On Friday
t last
tLet
coa
Igur,°,3sisttheerea2 olfr.ii,stisi tx:)1,
saw
tortz
Chief
thoseisterv:detlitil=gdooniTiess,:rci,vli: z EpTirti.coftrtathc=. 55 Itip; 98 Vi 19 ~.1
quiet but confident expectations Sleafortl ...........-.... 65 70 36 38 22 28 71
the West Indies, which occasions the necessitY charge against the present Government is, that ""tbu"di"ig the Tithes agreed to the draft of a Report to be made metropolis, feastd t(i)s been one of the greatest !co-4,1110am
freaction. This latter cir um- t that House-the•l •
of' the people or c o. ustia course was that the Re. heroes of the age. 'raking this circumstance into con- Visbech -........... -54--- 18 _ 3
of so large a supply to keep up the number they have stretched their authority rather further
stance, accompanied as it has been by an inces- Po,t should be printed for the use of the Mem- I ration, and that the language which be (the Marquess LEEDS COltN 31 A R KET.-May 02.
there; and whence the increase oflife in A frica which 0 • d w• •it cl They ate not in a
lan prti ence arra 1 e . hers, but there was a general understanding that no of Londonderry) was about to Ming before their Lordships Wheat, Norfolk and Suflblk, 601 b.
affordsthissuppty,without thentimbersthere being co„ditio„ to give effect to their wishes regardina .sant tauntint, a of the people with their supposed een utterec in the presence o t e most intimate
11 1 1 d 1l• 1 1 I b• d b 1 • f h • '
. ern ier ts mill pti ) Is.l eVell eXtraCtS j t ien low much a - York. and Lincoln, 60Th. 545. to 67. i. P,
a Barley Northlk and Suffolk
diminished? This I have ever found an argumen- slavery. This question will remain unsettled, as change of sentiments, has been, one of the most would the House he surprised to hear that a verbatim copy friend of the Noble Earl, be thought it his duty to ask ..._....".' Yorkshire and Lincolnshire - 345. to 365. '
tam crucis, and I verily believe it unswerable." we have said, till it is taken tip by the party mad and striking acts of the rotten boro
tig-I
t of that report appearel in the Dublin Evening Mail of whether such language Was countenanced by the Noble - Grinding
• Beans
345. to 425. I ,
Mr. Keith Douglas cavilled at Mr. Buxton's principally interested. Mr. O'Connell's famous faction, by 'which they had at last well nigh pro- Monday last. II .re was this document going the Earl, and whether he would oot take some means to stop its Oats, Potatoe
statements of the decrease of the negro population quotation of " Hereditary Bondsmen" is of duced results at which every real lover of his round of all the Irish Papers, inviting discussion, utterance, and also to the prop ess of unions and meetings 7i-ettleaiing, For. 12.1 to 13d
. ....y and rousing angry feeling, before even that House at w.iich langeage was uttered, the only object of which s.e Eng. 11% d. to 13d. per 11,
31s. to 325. per 104
a- iet- (belting'
English.l6l 21 E • -1. --1 l' I
a; see , :-to i • oreign, to . pet
in the sugar islands, attributing the decreaSe to the •
universal application.-Mornino• Chronicle. country ITILISI look back upon the very posstbilit was
a„q",,
ted with it. Ile did not mean ts pursue the could lie to overthrow all the institutions of the country.,l
inequality of the sexes, produced by thegreater ‘,.. , . ' , of with dismay. But rashness and cowardice matter any further at present, but as the House. was to Th.- Noble Marquess then read the following extract from
NV ItllOUt meaning to throw the countr SIR WALTER SCOTT AND WAsHINGTO"'
importation of males daring the slave trade. , Y eff 'ls are freqtiently near allied. On this occasion, adjourn over two or three days, he was anxiou. to bring the speech of Mr. Larkin, delivered at time Newcastle
lavisto The "N • Sic 1 "cw e etc i Book, by GeorFAS
' guard even for a moment, we cannot ne so care- it before the Ilouse, in order that the public tnight be Reform Meeting, on Tuesday the 15th of May, occasion- o • ... .
" A perfect exemplification (he said) of the po- happily for tis all, it has been strikingly the
o , made aware that the report had not been made putnic by ally stopping to comment upon it. CaIAYON, bldS fair to become 'as popular as his
• h less of the public gratification as to refrain from celebrated production. It has been remarked that tbe„'i'
sition he had just laid down, was to be met with case. lie very persons who only a few days .
thorit ematin from either the Committee or Go- "It was a misteke, then, on one part, to suppose that
n au
in the island of Barbados ; for in that island, stating our own confident hope that the English since showed so bold a front, and threatened, avetYnment. YThe Hong. Gentleman then moved the seeoud the King was interested in the welfare of his peoole. It is only one writer of Brisish origin and growth that miOr
where the slave trade ceased much earlier than Reform n Bill, the Scotch, and the Irish, will be nay had begun, to dragoon the people into sub- reading of the Irish Reform Bill. turns out that we were satirising him when we were stand upon an equal ground with this writer-and that,
that the Ilotoe could be comparing him to Alfred, und classing him with patriot ,
Sir WALTER SCOTT. in ills line who can hope to eOO,l
in our other West India possessions, they vvere suffered to pass without any serious opposition. mission, now shrink dismared from the appalling Mr. LApoI:JCIIERE felt
scarcely .
m
arcely doing its duty, unless it had some assurances from n Kings. The hostility of the King to Reform was also ap- nim ? But SCOTT, when he walked out of his line, Ivo
told by the returns that in ten years there had All the practical Members of the Anti.,lleform consequences of their co,vii imbecility and rash- .
ins Majesty's Mitiisters respecting the selary to be given to the par, nt in the determined character of the oppesition which his footing, and had the good sense to relinquieh higi,:,4
been an increase of 5,600-the females there party in the House of Lords, aware of the futi- Hess, and are glad to hide themselves in those
new G„eernor, who wae about to proceed to Madras. He has been made to the Rotolo 8.11 in the House of Lords. It far his legitimate field-romance; while, on the oti'd
greatly exceeding the males in amount. Here litv of further resistance,-that is to say, feelin very holes and corners in which their inoperative theieforc as a 1
ke- woether that officer MIS to receive the is not in the character of courtiers and debouchers, such as hand., roll, witli a.ll his beautiful essays and talesogiat
again was another point in which th 4 Hon, that if' factious resistance were offered the King's schemes were engendered and concocted. But same salary as the former Governor, or whether he was to from a large portion of the House of Lords, to oppose a poetic cv o words, is as great in biography
d.ucTl salary? He (Mr.. L.) was one who stern and unrelenting opposition to the wishes of a King. -
Member had not dealt fairly by the House; for prerogative would at once be employed to sup- out of evil good will frequently arise ; and on go °?.t at are
tar from wishing that the salaries of such persona If the King had been sincere in his wishes for Reform, on the 24th inst.' in 13-kni-rilS•
lie had-taken an average of' ten years for'making press it,-have either seceded altogether, or, this very occasion the people will owe the sure "'a'
shot, übe reduced below what was large or liberel, but he and determined to tie in favour of the 8111 every power Camptell, of a daughler. A "'street, the Lady of Major
it),
up his Returns, which, in fact, in molly instances being present, have ceased to harass Ministers and speedy passing of the Reform Bill to those certainty conceived ehat the salary hitherto enjoyed of which the C • • placed ' t • hands,•
einstoution in ois that opposi- On the 2.2 d inst., at Hampton Court the wife fJ C 131
Esq. 15th Hussars, of , le he o J. C. ,
was calculated to produce a false impression. and the nation by active hostility to the sue- very acts of its opponents which were intended A 1
1,-00.. a year was somewhat too large. He therefore don would have vanished before the Royal determination, On the 18th hist., anesaorn•
Dublin, • d
the Countess of Howe], i.
daughter.
As a proof' of this he would cite the case of St. cessive clauses of the Bill. With what diffi- first to obstruct and then extinguish it. Our wished to ask what arrimgenients had been made upon that and shrunk with terror before the power of the Royal
.WaS a otner point of even greater import- prerogative.-(Cheets.) Reform would hay.e been carried ,101
Christopher's : by taking the average of ten rulty, and at what sacrifice, the Anti-Reform readers will give us credit -for not having for a subject, there MARRIED. '
. anee than that, the House was aware that the without the necessity of the creation of a single Peer.- On the 22d inst., by special license at Halton Chae„,Lir
years there appeared to be a general diminution Lords have brought themselves to this pitch of moment doubted that the passing of the Bill, in ,
hoist India Compans's Charter was about to expire, B hie refusal .to suffer Lord they, and act in con • Cheshire, the Hon. Richard Bootle Wilbraham, eldest
of the whole ; but if the returns of 1825 and Public sPirit °I. Virttler maY be learned from time its principle at least, and most of its details, was and that it tiois the intention of Ministers to foyrmity with the fervent wishes and aspirations of his fizeoikt;keillamrciesenogntrsiyo,r:lZhcaltiughter of Sir 111,
ttii
1826 were taken by themselves, by which time Conservative Prints, which now, one and all, certain anti inevitable ; but that its passing by investigation, veith the view of making some new arrange- people, he has exhibited ' himself to the nation as hioAnt sii".atieoiges, Bloninsbury, 'Capt. J. VlTaltrd Smith, :fold'
the sexes had more nearly approximated, it fling out the most contemptuous sarcasms against means of a laige creation of Peers was, of all
ment•t-lie wdislitedltiod know whether the new governors - • the great obstacle in the way of Worm, since even l' of iumnsatsll7adyiisilslicil.anY's
;:: Tpr Service, to Maria, eldest da 0
modes the least desirable. te4,,a‘t‘lh an understanding that he by the mere thieat ofhebise=rmiilni:teion to ixercisde
Bi!), 1: a tzho oi
)240tp,iposrtianotatnsisizi,;,ttrc(!)., Mar yleboneoh,
would he found that there was iii. those years an Lom7(l Ellenborough, Sir George Murray, and To the very brink of' ieia
I to. such . alt earrnletdll7nstalary. and duties as the Royal Prerogative f
Lel d 1 "er'l"ere to Amelia, only d4liiter of Sir Henry E. Au.ilillial,f tir4,
increase of nearly 900." But Mr. MacauleY the mole tractable °I their associates, while this result, however, the zeal of its opponents : ,
!toga appear necessaiy to be e o eflect. the reeietance of the House o oi s, an c one justice to House, in the county of Surrey.
../..''...°
very soon showed the Honourable Gentlema" Lords Wynford and Londonderry are lauded by brought the measure-and what has been the Mr. GRANT, in rep
ely, stated that the r .e- a long oppressed nation,
dwhich is bent upon regaining its DIED
that the ground he had taken was qiiite WI- Chic Tory Papers to the skies! The game, then, consequences, but that the very efforts by which sent opportunity had, indeed, been taken to npiake rights and freedom in spite of the selfish opposition of the On the 17th inst., at Cheltenham, Thomas" .' , ' /11al
given to the Peera .e, and even in defiauceho.fhthe reluctance and obdu- years Cil ohic,;:;zr mirrutiettelizfoundland. Cmte- E'q.' IT
tenable. It appears that it is the sugar °"1- we conclude, is up, and the Reform Bill for Eng- they produced the danger have been those which
,
tivation which is so fatal to life, nd that land (as it now exists) will be received without have secured the passing of the Bill without the
ich ae relusvoion in
Titehe salary rto be ;
11:ew16,00.07.0r.but froupireasednitffesraelnair.y iiinadthbeen stated to racy of a King, of a math!' w. may, ere I.ong, exchange 0
rate of ex. the tone if humble supplication for that of haughty de- infant da'ughter-oeCharles ihlgnare,_Oeorgiana Era.>
Calvert, Esq. MP.
---/i
the reason why the population increasel in Bar- much show of battle by the conservatives, al. necessity of creating a single Peer ? Such is change, it was really not more than 14 00 last iesort, a moment of indignation, con- o
i 0/., and it mend, anti as aA RINTED AND PUBLISHED BY MURDO YOUNG, At
" IP
bathos is, that there is very little su r culti- thona2h with daily increasing evidence of the the consequence, either in public or -private" was proposed to reduce that suni to 10,000/. With scious of its strength, wrest with m violence from the usur- SUN OFFI nCE,
-.2, STRAND, LONDON.
7
\ wed ift it. " The decrease (obser ed Air
p:0, disunion wind,
. s nit respect to the' second question, he co"Id wily state the /ration of 'aii instil:lug oligarchy those; rights of which she
t I
'

population enjoying the advantage of freedom,
and in consequence of that freedom, a greater
degree of happiness than they could ever have
hoped to attain had they still remained under the
curse of slavery." There is little doubt that the
negroes, who are a race peculiarly disposed to
enjoyment, could dispense very well with the
cart-whip and the driver. With regard to the
planters, we do not exactly see how they can be
benefited by abolition, nor do we believe that they
will ever consent to it. With regard to the
various interests in this country connected with
the West Indies, they will always be opposed to
abolition. How are these jarring interests to be
reconciled ? We see no possibility of it. The
present Government cannot reconcile them any
more than past Governments. It is quite clear
to us that thetolonists will obey no orders from
this country which they deem injurious to their
property, and that the Government will be obliged
to connive at their disobedience. Slavery will there •
fore continue much what it is at present, till some
accident enables the negroes to settle the question
without reference to other interests than their
own. We can see no means by which the
negroes can ever obtain emancipation except
' through themselves.. An amendment, moved
by Lord Althorp, with a view of satisfying the
planters that due attention would be paid to
their interests, adding to the resolutions moved
by Mr. Fowell Buxton, the words " In confor-
mity to the resolutions passed by the House of
Commons, on May 15, 1823," was carried, on
a division, by a majority of 163 to 90—or 73.
Lord Althorp proposed that tune should be
taken for the appointment of the Committee,
that the choice might fail on fit and proper
persons., Such is the result of a lung discussion.
It would be unjust to blame the Government
for proceeding with caution in so delicate an
affair as the abolition of slavery. Indeed, the
charge against the present Government is, that
they have stretched their authority rather further
than prudence warranted. They we not in a
condition to give effect to their wishes regarding
slavery. This question will remain unsettled, as
we have said, till it is taken up by the party
principally interested. Mr. O'Connell's famous
quotation of " Hereditary Bondsmen" is of
universal application.—Morning Chronicle.
Without meaning to throw the country off its
guard even for a moment, we cannot be so care-
less of the public gratification as to refrain from
stating our own confident hope that the English
Reform Bill, the Scotch, and the Irish, will be
suffered to pass without any serious opposition.
All the practical Members of the Anti-Reform
party in the House of Lords, aware of the futi-
lity of further resistance,—that is to say, feeling
that if fictions resistance were offered the King s
prerogative would at once be employed to sup-
press it,—have either seceded altogether, or,
being present, have ceased to harass Ministers
and the nation by active hostility to the suc-
cessive clauses of the Bill. With what diffi-
culty, and at what sacrifice, the Anti-Reform
Lords have brought themselves to this pitch of
public spirit or virtue, may be learned from the
Conservative Prints, which now, one and all,
fling out the most contemptuous sarcasms against
Lord Ellenborough, Sir George Murray, and
the mote tractable of their associates, while
Lords Wynford and Londonderry are lauded by
the Tory Papers to the skies ! The game, then,
we conclude, is up, and the Reform Bill for Eng-
land (as it now exists) will be received without
much show of battle by the conservatives, al-
though with daily increasing evidence of the
spirit of disunion which has prevailed amongst

IL)

•
